Bftgasta May B« Crowded Out,
Some days afterward tho vc-aiel was
worked to the south of Flattery, and.
taking advantage of a southwest gale
with great seas four days ago, her master
Balled her for the straits. The wind
dropped and left her In a tremendous
swell, which sent her into the Flattery
rocks. The boats were got ready and
preparations made to leave the ship, for
she .was . In the breakers between • Uma
tllla lightship and the rocks, when the tug
Tacoma arrived and rescued her.
V10T0H1A, U. C,i March 14.-The lul«
Ian I'm i it favour, which has nrrlved hert,
had two close chMs during her storm*
tossed *tny alt the entrance to the straits,
where she han been buffeted by contlnu*
ous gales since March 3. She wm driven
northward 'by a heavy southeast gal«,
with a mountainous «pa. thrown on her
benm ends, her decks flooded several
times and was within seven miles of tho
land, tt seemed that nothing could pre
vent her going ashore, when a fortunate
squall carried her. off.
tnln Tlmt 0hO Would He Cm*
H«d Ashore.
DARK OAVOUR DARKLY
i:noAi'i.n destruction
Twice 8f\ved Whan It Appeared Oor
.."The recent victories show that we are
not- waging , the warfare of brigands. We
capture 1 : whole- columns .of English. That
Is not" brigandage." '¦ _.
"The release of Methuen ought. to provo
that our soldiers; are at, -least more
humane than the English. Methuen de
stroyed ' more farms and wrecked moro
homes than did any other commander.
Our officers are executed for doing whnt
tho- English , awards the Iron cross for.
Humanity prompted the release of Me
thuen. .' r
1 "1 do not 'say we shall drive the Kng*
llih'.out Of South Africa," said Wesseli,
"but 1 can say the war will continue. It
will be .waged until the present warriors
are dead, and long afterward. The opln*
Inn t lint wo are scml-barburlans seems to
be held, by many" people here and In
Europe. . ••;'..'•„ "•
GIUCAaQ, March 14,-Cornellus JI,
Weasels find A. D. Wolmerans, the Boer
envoys to the United tit mm and Burope,
and 'Montagu White, ppeetnl represent*,
tiva of 'tha, South Afrlaan, republic*, « r .
rived In Chicago to-day, In company with
members of the Chicago Doer committee,
the envoys attended the funeral of ex>
Oovernor Altgeld, Afterward they held
conferences, with dtlserts of Ghleago, wtfo
httvo In hand, the work of raining funds
for the relief of Uoer women and children
and prisoners of war.
MORB HUMANE THAN. BRITISH,
Hltt>of Illinois, chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs, replied briefly
to Burleson. He said. he felt some hesi
tation about renewing the controversy
raised by a resolution which was not be-
• "If General Sherman," aaked he, "hail
concentrated Southern women and chil
dren In camps did any, one Imagine that
tho North would not have allowed relief
to be sent to them?"
WASHINGTON, March li-Whlle one
of the bills relating to Ariaona waa being
conaldered in tha Home in committee of
tho whole, Jlepreaantativft Durleson of
Texas got the floor and renewed the dla<
ousslon of the ease of TUv. W. II. Thoma*
and wife, whose application to the State
Department for a request to tha mulsh
authorities for pMsports to enter the Doer
lines In flouth Africa, for the purpose of
distributing relief funds, wm brought. to
the attention oC the House by htm a. few
days ago, liurlesen declared that Kilt's
defeni* of the refusal of tho Mint* De
portment to stieedo to iim requem. while
It might have been able to aueode, was
"lame." The State Department In de>
dining the request, he said, did not ple&d
the violation of International eoinlty, as
llllt had done. Murleson declared that
the hypothesis of llllt aa to our refusal
to allow Confederate sympathisers to go
through the. lines during the Civil War
was not a parallel coae, and moreover, he
said, It was not & historical fact. He
road a letter from a Union surgeon sta
tioned at City Point, Va., during tho war,
who told how tho Union forces allowed re*
lief to pass through tho lines'.
Afjain Discussed in HoUM.
Sending of Relief to South, Africa
HITT'S DEFENSE OF HAY.
DYNAMITE DESTROYS
BAILBOAD PROPERTY
•Miscreants In Leavenworth Slow Up
Street Cars and Injure One
Woman.
LEAVENWOHTH, Kans., March Ji-
Two cars of the Kaneas Ctty-Xve&ven*
worth electric Una were dynamited here
to-night. One woman was injured.
The first expjorlon oe"curred early In the
evening on the line running to Fort
I*avenworth. The car vu damaged be*
/yond repair, one of the wheels being torn
k ' * and the motor ruined. A *ixty*pound
toil wan epiit tn two. A eecond explosion
occurred Inter In the evening on the Fifth
*venue line. No damage wna done beyond
breaking of windows,
The company has offered rewards nf
CM tor tnfftrmatlen lending to the *rre»t
"t guilty part lt», A etrlko has boett »u
tn Leavenworth for some weeks and the
dynamiting «f the rare la a result,
AUTHORITIES ABREBT
A MUCII-MAUltlKI) MAN
Alleged Eighth Wife Cauies the Ar
rest of Christian Nelson
In Texas.
BAN ANTONIO, Tex., March 14.-Upon
the complaint of hi j Alleged eighth wife,
formerly Mr*. M«r>- A. Parker of Platts
burg. Mo., Christian C. Nelson, alias Cap
tain A. '1ST. Krctlund, nlla* John Anderson,
alien Kolifon Porter, was arrested here
to-day nt ft hotel while In company with
his alleged ninth wife, formerly . Mrs. A.
E. Milburn, whom he married at Fort
Scott, Kans., two weeks ago.
Nelson admits that he is wanted In sev-
oral BtatCB and It is charged that he has
undlvorced wives in Los Angeles, Port
' land. Or.. Plattsburg. Mo., Salt Lake,
El. Paul and other points. He Is about 45
years old, good looking, well dressed and
epeaks with a slight German accent
fore the House His- observations the
other day, . he , said,, had' been of an off
hand character. He would content him
self at this - time, he said, . with having
read a letter, he had received from Secre
tary Hay. The letter follows:
"DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASH
INGTON, March 12, 1902.— Sir: Referring
to tho .resolution recently introduced 1 in
the House, - I , beg to make, the following:
statement of facts:
"A few, days ago a young gentleman
called and asked whether this department
would issue a, passport to Rev. Mr.
Thomas and Mrs. Thomas, who were* in
tending- to eo-tb South Africa for. the pur
pose of distributing funds which had been
collected In Illinois for the benefit of, the
sufferers, by. the' war, I said at once that
tha department -would issue, tho passports
desired and that X would aJuo rlvo Mr,
Thomoa a letter, commemdlri* him to *very
one whom X ; could • Influence* and asking
their MHiatano©' in his errand, j Inquiry
was then mivd» ,wlihth#ir this Government
would uaic of th« Uritiah Government per
mission 'f or , Mr. and Mrm . Thomas to go
at will through the British military ©amps
and, lines, ft suggeBtlon which I thought
ImpraGttenhlA,'
1 "This department In ready at any tim«
to eontult with a renragentatlVA of gov
ernor Yftten m to the best me&na of ret
ting Into the proper hands eum/i. con
tributed by eimiiini.i* people of Illinois
for the relief of the suffereri by tht war
in m.i ii ih a Mm. i him, ilr, very r@ni»ot*
fully, your obedient Servant, ¦
"JOHN HAY."
immedliunly afterward llllt presented
the resolution reported by his committee
which called on the Beeretnry of State
for the fin'id In the caw of the applied
lion ma.de to tho State Department In be
half of Mr, Thomas and wife. 'Hie reso
lution was' adopted without' debat*.
Petition for Caucus of Democrats to Con=
sider the Government's Attitude.
Admiral Boresford Sounds a Wftrning
LACK OP ORGANIZATION.
to Great Britain.
LONDON, March 14.— In an address to
day before, the London Chamber, of Com
merce on tho laqk of- administrative effi
ciency iii the British organization' for de
fense Rear'Admiral Charles Beresford re
marked that initial naval reverses similar
to the military, reverse's experienced in
«-r w WASHINGTON, March
g JH J 14.— Representative Ran-
dal1 of Texas to-day
¦r Hr circulated among, his
' ' Democratic colleagues
of the House a petition
for a caucus of Democratic members to
consider what course should be
adopted in relation .. to . the. Gov
ernment's attitude toward the Boers. The
petition was addressed to Representative
Hay, chairman of the Democratic caucus,
and named March 19 as the time for the
gathering. The signatures were very gen
eral on the Democratic side of the House,
and the caucus probably will be held, al
though no call has been yet Issued,
HEILBRON, ""Orange River Colony,
Tuesday, March 11.— Commandant Mentz,
with tha ' Heilbron command of Boers,
broke through the Heilbron-WoJve, Hoek
bloekhouaa Una at Gottenburff last night,
Tho Boers. had been pursued for several
days. Bo far as known only one Bo«r
was killed, Tho British columns, during
th« pursuit of Commandant Mentx, pioknd
up scattered parties of Boerji aggregatine
fifty men, '
a private visit gossip connects
it with, the military situation. It is point
ed out that Lord "Wolseley's knowledge
of South Africa, gained as a, fighter and
administrator," might be highly useful to
Lord Kitchener, either at the base (Cape
Town) or. at Pretoria. " . )
Lord .Wolseley himself says his trip Is
entirely private.
% Colonel Frank Khodes and Arthur
Rhodes, brothers of Cecil Rhodes, and
Lady Methuen will bo passengers on the
steamer which will take Lord Wolseley
to Cane Town..
-jgf ONDON, March 14.— Field Mar
jS • shal Lord Wolseley will start
m \r-: t for Cape Town to-morrow.
: B . -v Although the officials deny
-¦¦ "-y that his trip is anything but
The report says we are accustomed - to
sneer at the futile efforts of Turkey.
Greece. Spain and other countries to stop
brigandage, yet we have In train robbing
•i system involving both robbery and
tnurder. as atrocious as brigandage. The
bill reported provides the death penalty
to train robbers when death results to
any on the train, otherwise imprisonment
for five to ten years.
WASHINGTON. March 14.-Representa
tlve Kahn of California to-day submitted
the report of the Judiciary Committee on
the bill to suppress train robberies. He
points out the extent ct these depreda
tions, particularly in sparsely settled lo
calities, where it Is difficult to organize
u posse, the robbers escaping before the
posse gets In pursuit.
Congressman Kahn Explains the Ne
cessity for More Vigorous Meas
ures Agtdnst Bandits.
ADVOCATES NEW LAW
TO STOP TRAIN BOBBERY
Experts are discussing; the direction of
the chock In the hope of discovering the
course of the oil stream.
Hocks as large a* a man'e head were
thrown upward until they were wholly
lott Eight of and the derrick was Oe
tnoliEhed. The well finally choked Itself.
Then there was a subterranean roar and
the earth rocked as though from the ef
fect of an earthquake.
hi:a r,Mt ivi . Texan, March H--Mi.tu.iin
Top wet f li.ii ¦ ii as though by an earth'
quake to>d«)' when the greaiett gat and
mud fiTUfcher in the hietory of the hill
wrecked the well end burled th« drilling
machinery in tin excavation reeembllng
the crater of a volcano that had been
torn out 6t the tn^uth of the well.
a Well and Machinery Ar«
Wrecked.
Cplndle Top Is Severely Shaken and
TEXAS MUD GUSHER
HOCKS A DIG HILL
Recall of Sternberg
Attributed to Von
Holleben.
While I did not consider It at all llUrly tha'.
a pnbttaher could b? found who would use
Witte's material, which was a practically uti
-Jl't'ort-ii statement of a man with a grlev*
In D»«inib«r lail Wilt* voluntarily -i-iu ¦
•rid t" OeirttWe FlynA, *ho n lu rtiitts* nf
the Niw York dlitrlet »t iii- i«er«t smtsi
division, • lontf lUMmint •"•t vtrWtut ¦ «
iiti.it*. wiii. h he *ii«a"'i <"•! r-.ii..r^'--.i hit glory,
and their d«tlv«fy.wM «eeotnpAnlf4 •¦., art In
tlnmllon that he would «tp«ct f tu ta tmlil tti
th# Information. Thew paperi *#•• forwrtM^ii
to m< by Flynn. An examination ¦ntisfletl mn
that IV fi'ii-y wm (ivtrtlr&wti »n<\ iirnbubly 93
p«r cent iomUs with S i*r cent dlttnrtc.l fact*,
• ml Uii« nt'iiiinu was rnnflrtn-il by cutiiult.t'
U'.n with oromlncnl Government officers, wh<>
(teemed the rntlre matt#r unworthy of con*
•{deration. Just before that time oubtlo In*
Urcst in th« approachlnc visit of Prince Henry
of Prussia was growing In muftnltut]#, and
"VVlttr. Imvina heard nothing at all from itw,
wrote a tetter demanding the Immediate return
of all his papers. «tntlnc that he had arranged
for their publication.
i.-nicf Wllkle of tho United Mates secret
service to-day threw new light on tlie
(mention Involving the fliarm* nfftiitit
the German Embaasttdor made by unu
He NAldi
CHIEF WTLKII. EXrLAINC,
Tha Prince's mission signally failed, If
its purpose was to make the United States
more friendly to Germany than to any
other nation. A high official aald to-day
that undoubtedly the action of Emperor
William was a matter of gratification to
tha President and It had undoubtedly
created a goad feeling which might even
tually enablo tho negotiation of a reci
procity treuty. But beyond thta It fur
nlshed an opportunity to the Prlnca and
his suite to obtain an Idea of t iu» immense
resources of tha United States, ..n.t this
may be of Importance In connection with
Germany 1 * futur* attltudo toward thia
Government.
The authorities do not place official cre<t
ence in Witte's charges, but they will
watch Herr von Holleben's future con
duct with particular interest to obtain
more light upon bis attitude toward thi3,'
country. Herr von Holleben is given
credit for suggesting the visit of Prlnco
Henry as a means of creating a feeling of
friendship between the United States and
Germany. .''..''.''.
The German Government at the time
denied that the Baron had been disgraced,
but the fact that he was assigned to Cal
cutta as Consul General, where he has
only commercial questions to deal with,
while in Washington he waa charge d'af
faires and discussed great international
matters, shows, in the opinion of officials,
the contrary. At the time It was freely
stated that Baron von Sternberg's recall
was due to the fact that he was entirely
too friendly, to the United States. Ilerr
von Holleben is known to have manifested
great interest in the views of the Ger
man-Americans of this country and his
embassy ha3 made reports to Berlin re
garding American naval development.
WILL WATCH EMBASSADOB.
Herr von Holleben was not friendly to
Baron von Sternberg and the latter'*
friends claim that as a result of hla rep
resentations the charge d'affaires was re
called and degraded.
a. condition precedent to negotiations
China should be required to surrender tht>
Chinese responsible for tho Boxer out
break. Understanding that the proposal
would : be rejected, • Baron von Bternberg
urged his Government to withdraw, but
Germany refused to adopt the suggestion
of her agent here and directed him to
press it. As had been predicted, the
United States rejected the proposal.
Understanding the influences possessed
by the United States In the concert of na
tion* respecting China, Baron von itern
berg muite every effort to havo this Gov
ernment and hla own move together la
disposing of the question. In September
tii« German Government proposed that a»
RECALL OF STERNBEI.O.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. V.
W., WASHINGTON. March 11.— Since the
publication of the charges of Improper
conduct made by Emil Witte. a former
employe of the German Embassy, against
Her von Holleben, the German Embaa
sador. Washington, ha3 been carefully
scrutinizing the course of the diplomat
from the time he was accredited to thl3
Government. This scrutiny ha3 estab
lished that so far as overt acts are con
cerned the Embassador has done nothing
which would bring abcut his recall. But
some things have come to the attention
of the authorities which show the way he
feels toward the United States. His treat
ment, or at least that of his Government,
of Baron von Sternberg. formerly coun
selor and first secretary of the German
Embassy, has not been forgotten. Baron
von Sternberg was on term3 of close
friendship with Roosevelt when Governor
of New York and Vice President. The
Baron also enjoyed the most cordial re
lations with the late President McKlnley
and Secretary Hay and through his per
sonal efforts many questions of Import
ance existing between the two Govern
ment were brought to an amicable settle
ment. Herr von Holleben went to Ger
many on leave in 1000 and Baron von
Bternbers was left here as charge d'af«
faires.
Colonel Urlbe, cousin of General Urtbe.
Urlbe, war killed In the battle of Agua
DulQli
Tho Government is confident that tho
revolutionists are still unable to take
either Colon or Panama, Reinforcements
will doubtless soon arrive here from the
Interior, Generals Castro. and Qrtis and
the troops of their commands left here for
Panama this morning,
General Castro's soldiers report that 800
men on both sides were killed during the
fighting at Agua' Dulce. The revolution
ists lost 550 and the Government forces
250 men. It is also said that the Indian
chief Lorenzo and his half-caste Indians
participated in the attacks and killed
many of the Government soldiers with
machetes. The rifle fire during the Agua
Dulce battle was deadly and persistent.
The din of the rifles was so great that
the cannon fire could not be heard. The
slaughter and massacre at this battle are
described as something awful. The re
mainder of General Castro's com*
mand, which originally numbered 1000
men, have been killed, wounded, taken
prisoners or have escaped.
' Shortly after leaving Harconcitos a
small body of Government troops was
met. These men reported that Colonel
Luque had been .killed In battle February
2 and that the revolutionists were in pos
session of David. General Castro there
fore decided to try to effect the difficult
march across the mountains to Bocas del
Toro. Considering the hardships of the
march, General Castro's troops arrived
there in fairly healthy condition and are
enthusiastic to continue the struggle. The
march from Agua Dulce to Bocas del
Toro occupied seventeen days, during the
last five of which bananas were the only
obtainable food. Drinking -jvater was
plentiful.
INDIANS AID IN SLAUGHTEB.
COLON, Colombia, Mareh 14,-The fol
l&wlnj- report waa obtaln'e^^f/om"*ihe
Government troops which ' arrived here
yeeterday from IJocas del Tore: Upon
rinding the revolutionary attack upon
Afiiiu Duke, February 23, to be Irresist
ible, owing to the enemy's superior num
bers, their artillery and their supplies of
ammunition, General Castro tried to re
treat to David and Chlrlqui, which towiu
were known to be hard pressed by the
revolutionists Under Qulntcro and Perex.
This is a long and tiresome march over
200 miles' by way of Santiago, Las Pal
mas, Remedioa and Harconcitos. ,
TJUJSfl TO RETREAT.
A jejiurt 1i«h just reached here that
sixty men of the fifth battalion of Calt
have landed near »'nioii,
General Salazar, the Governor of Pan
ama, says that the arrival of General
Bertie, with 2000 men of the battalion of
Gramalotte, is expected here within a
short time, When' these forces arrive in
attack upon the revolutionists under Gen
eral Herrera will immediately bo made.
General Castro traveled over 300 miles in
cropping the Andes from Agua Dulce to
Bocfts del Tgro. Many of his men died
on this march.
General Castro says he knows positively
that of the forces under the revolution
ary general, Herrera, over 700 were killed
or wounded. He characterized the bra
very of the 1 revolutionists as something
extraordinary, and said that many of
them were killed within three feet of the
entrenchments.'
Bit A VERY OF THE REBELS.
PANAMA, March 14.— The' Government
generals, Castro and Ortiz, arrived here
at 11 o'clock thi3 morning and received
one of the most enthusiastic welcomes
ever witnessed In Panama. The crowds
in the streets leading to the railroad sta
tion made traffic Impossible.
i Referring to the engagement at Agusi
Dulce February 20, General Castro told
the correspondents that the Government
troops, numbering 800. men, were attacked
by 2000 revolutionists. On the third day
of the fighting both drinking water and
ammunition in Agua Dulce became scarce
and General Castro ordered his troops to
retreat. To do this the Government forces
had to break through the rebel lines.
Thus, soldier*, not in disguise who have
penetrated into tho none of operations of
a hostile army to obtain Information are
not considered spies. Similarly tho fol
lowing Are not considered pplei; Soldiers
<r civilians, carrying out their mUilon
openly, charged with the delivery of dis
patches destined either for their own
army or for that of the enemy. To this
class belonir likewise Individuals sent In
balloons to deliver dispatches and gener*
klly to maintain communication between
the various parts of an trmy or * terri
tory. _^___
The treaty provides as follows regard*
ing spies: An Individual can only be con*
sldered a spy If, acting clandestinely, or
on false pretenses, be obtains or seeks to
obtain information in tho cone of opera
tions of a belligerent, with the Intention
of communicating it to the hostile part/,
Ruses of war and the employment of
methods necessary to obtain information
about the enemy and tho country aro con
sidered allowable. :¦¦';
PEEMITS BUSES OF WAR.
To destroy or seize the enemy's property
unless such destruction or seizure be Impera
tively demanded by the necessities of war.
To make Improper use of a flag of truce,
the national flag or military ensigns and the
enemy's uniform, as well as the distinctive
badges of the reneral convention.
To employ arms, projectiles or material of
& nature to cause superfluous injury.
To declare that no quarter will be given.
To kill or wound an enemy who, having
laid down arms, or having; no longer means
of defense, has surrendered at discretion.
The most Important feature of the
treaty, the contents of which have been
generally known, is that prohibiting the
use of "dum-dum" bullets. Among other
things specially prohibited are:
To employ poison or poisoned arms.
To kill or wound treacherously individuals
belonging to the hostile nation or army.
The countries party of the trea.ty are
Germany, Austria, Belgium, Denmark,
Spain, the United States, Mexico, France,
Great Britain, Greece, Italy. Japan, Lux
embourg, Montenegro, The Netherlands,
Persia. Portugal, Roumanla, Russia. Ser
via, Sweden and Norway, Turkey and
Bulgaria. The provisions of the treaty
are binding only on the contracting pow
ers In case of war between two or more
of them and cease to be binding when a
non-contracting power joins either of the
belligerents.
PARTY TO THE TREATY.
Seme ©f the members of the Cemmlttte
on Foreign Relations gald recently that
the ratification of this treaty would place
this country In accord niih tim hMltrpt
thought ef the times, and expre«N<?d ..the
hop* that the treaty would receive the
unanimous suppof t of the Senate. These
who ratted questions apropos of the dts*
cusslon disclaimed any intention to pre
vent favorable action.
Senator Hoar also epoke at some length
regarding this provision In the treaty.
He referred to, Agulrmldti'd capture and
eflld that he believed the adoption of the
treaty would have a tendency toward
elevating the conduct of modern warfare.
Senator Burton replied to the inquiry,
speaking especially for General Funston.
and said that he was sure the proceedings
on the general's part had been not only
humane, but that they had been in ac
cordance with the rules of civilized war
fare. It was true, he said, that General
Funston and his force had acted srme
what in the capacity of spies, but what
they had done had been in the lino of
honorable warfare.
IN" CAPACITY OF SPIES.
WASHINGTON. March 14.-The Senate
spent an hour in executive session to-day
on the convention growing out of The
Hague peace conference relating to the
conduct of war on land and sea, and fin
ally ratified the agreement without a
division. The discussion turned directly
on the conduct of the war in the Philip
pines and related especially to General
Funston's capture of Aguinaldo. Senator
Teller inquired whether, if this treaty
had been in force at the time, the method
of Aguinaldo's capture could have been
justified. He quoted the provision of the
treaty relating to the conduct of epies
and said that he did not mean himself
tc say that General Funston's course
would not have been regular, but merely
To secure the opinion of Senators who
had given attention to the treaty and
who also were familiar with the details
of Aguinaldo's capture.
The letter bringing this information Is
from the Russian priest at Kenai, who at
one time resided in Juneau. The Excelsior
did .not stop here on her down voyage,
consequently the information which was
Bent to Juneau did not arrive until the
return of the vessel. The steamer at this
time of year cannot touch at Kenai, and
the letter was brought out to the nearest
office by a native. The Discovery un
doubtedly will bring more complete de
tails.
The mountain was still smoking at the
time the letter was written and occasion
ally large quantities of lava were thrown
from It.
The ground at the town of Kenai was
Covered with ashes and subsequently a
tidal wave came In. which did much dam
fcpe. The water in the inlet rose to a exeat
height and terror reigned throughout the
Village.
JUNEAU. Slarch 7 (via Seattle, March
!<).— Information has reached Juneau that.
about two months ago a terrific volcanic
eruption occurred not far from Kenai, on
Cook Inlet, about seventy miles above
English Bay. After the eruption, or dur
ing It, there was a terrific earthauake,
;which burst the mountain asunder, leav
ing a larg-e gap. and the flames could be
plainly seen from the village.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indians Aid lnsur=
gents in Slaughter
at Agua Dulce.
Earthquake and Tidal
Wave Accompany
Disturbance.
Burton Admits That
Americans Acted
as Spies.
A d ministration Will
Watch Diplomat's
Actions.
Kenai Residents See
Flames Through.Gap
in Mountain.
Government Forces
>'¦ Also Share in
Disaster.
Criticism ofFunston's
Method in Taking
Aguinaldo.
Hundreds of Colom=
bian Rebels Slain
or Wounded.
Senate Upholds Work
of Hague Peace
Conference.
Shrewd Work of the
Embassador From
Germany.
Sharp VolcanicErup"
tion Occurs Near
Cook Inlet.
CONGRESSMEN ARE BECOMING
SIGNIFICANTLY ACTIVE IN
THE CAUSE OF THE BOERS
HERRERA
SUFFERS
BIG LOSS
RATIFIES
RULES OF
WARFARE
INSPIRES
PRINCE'S
JOURNEY
CRATER
IS RENT
ASUNDER
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, -MARCH- 15, 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
volume xci.— ko: 105.
; . Continued on , Page Two. +
The San Francisco Call.
Continued on Page Two,
•WASHINGTON. March H.-The House
to-day passed the postofflce appropriation
bill. The only amendment of importance
adopted was on« to. incorporate In tho
bill the provisions of tho bill to classify
the rural free delivery service, passed ¦ a
few days ago. .¦• '. . . ', ¦ '•'¦¦/¦
Pcstoffice Bill Is Passed. ~~~*
i/'Ni><)N. March ID.-The Madrid cor*
i rn>'in-i. hi of the Standard says In a dls
patch Unit Premier tiagaatn. In being el*
liiwr.i i, Dt of office. The Premier has long
been aware, rays the <l!spnUli, that the
palace favored a concentration Ministry
under Bctior Montero Wos, the President
of the Senate, and elected to fall on the
bank bill rather than wait for a crisis on
the more drilcate question of religious <ln
crceB.
CHAIRMAN OF THE HOUSE DEMO
CRATIC CAUCUS, ANlS A NOTED
BRITISH FIELD (MARSHAL.
Wolseley Is Going to
South Africa.Stonewall Mine Changes Owners.
SAN DIEGO, March 14— It is an
nounced here to-day by Colonel' :S.'H.
Lucas, a prominent mining man of 'Los
Angeles, . that he has negotiated the pur
chase of the Stonewall gold mine, in this
county, for a company- of New .York
capitalists. The -mine has • already '.pro
duced nearly $3,000.000.. It was owned by
the late Governor Waterman and has since
remained in the Waterman estate. It has
been idle for twelve years because • of a
lack of adequate capital: to operate it.
SACRAMENTO. March 14.-Three den
tists—Drs. Hunger. Kestler and Taylor
were to-day robbed of gold leaf, such as
is used for filling teeth, to the' value o'
more^than J100. Reports have been re
ceived within the past two weeks of the
robbery of dentists in Bakersfleld. Fresno
and Merced. In all these cases the thipf
took only gold leaf and gold caps for
Last year dentists were robbed by a
burglar, probably the same one. who
started on his trip at Portland Ind
worked down the length of the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin valleys, robbing
only dentists and taking only gold filling
and caps. He paid Sacramento a visit on
his tour and left some of the dentists t".
mourn his coming and to find what con
wir"o?her| 5; ' C ° Uld ln the fact that "«"«
Filling Teeth Visits the
Capital.
Thief Who Steals Gold N Leaf Used in
SACRAMENTO DENTAL
PARLOBS ARE BOBBED
British Admiralty Not Interested
I.O.NDO*. March 14.-The story that the
iritish Admiralty has forbidden the
anrfer of the White Star line to the Mor
an interests is untrue. J»or-
FAYAl»,,Azore Islands. March 14 —The
Royal Mall Steamship Company's steamer
Elbe arrived here to-day, under charter
to convey to their destination the Das
senders of the steamer Etruria whfch
JS',U ?* ked U P h * tne steamer Wniiam
Cliff 500 miles north-northwest of Fa Ja T
S 7 * disabled condition, and which ar
rived at Hcrta. Azore Islands. March 9 in
low of the William Cl<ff cn 8t In
Etruria's Passengers on Elbe
The bench warrant orders the arrest of
Butler pending the final report and return
of Indictments in the muncipal franchlaa
steals, which the Grand Jury is investi
gating. Butler surrendered and was later
released on bail. .
ST. LOUIS, Mo, March 14.— A bench
warrant charging Edward Butler, a prom
inent . local politician, . with offering a
bribe, was issued on the order of the
Grand Jury. The charge is based on tes
timony connecting Butler with the pas
sage of the garbage bill of "*901. -,.
Butler in Custody on Grand
Jury Order.
ABBEST OF POLITICIAN
ON A BRIBEBY CHARGE
St. Louis Authorities Take Edward
VALLEJO, March 14.— There is a possi
bility that a large quantity of clothing
and boots and shoes is cached somewhere
in the hills between this city and Benlcia.
Several cars laden with merchandise, con
signed by San Francisco, wholesalers to
interior, merchants, were recently dis
covered In Sacramento to have been
looted. It Is believed that the cars were
robbed before leaving Benicla.
Merchandise Cars Looted.
WASHINGTON. March 14.— The Chi
nese Government has decided to, have a
permanent home here for its legation, and
Minister Wu Ting Fang to-day recorded
a deed by which there is transferred to
the Chinese Imperial Government a
building site at Nineteenth and Vernon
streets, in the northwestern section of the
city, the consideration named being $15,
&70. A residence for the Minister and the
officers of the legation will be erected.
China Buys Washington Lot.
BERLIN, March 14.— It having been ru
mored that a change in the German Em
bassy In Washington was possible, the
Foreign Office here has authorized the
correspondent of the Associated Press to
deny that Dr. von v Holleben. the present
Embassador, will be either furloughed or
recalled. .
AN OFFICIAL DENIAL.
"At a dinner, given by W. A. E. Henricl
at . his residence, 83 Kurfurstendam, ' Ber
lin, in the -fall 1 of -1899, the conversation
turned to the subject of fortifications and
defenses.' -. At this dinner there were pres
ent besides myself and Mr. Henricl Gen-
"As'the inventor of a new system of
boilers and. engines for marine service in
which Captain Paget, R. N., formerly na
val: attache at 'Washington, Is also inter
ested, I was brought into intimate rela
tionship .with the officials whom I have
nnmrf1.vtnt^SRaJ^j88B?^B^^BISi>WBfciiMM
NEW YORK, March 14.~The Journal
says: The -charges made, by Emil Witte
against. Baron, von Holieben. the German
Embassador at Washington; of having es
tablished a system of spies in the United
States and of securing through them the
plans for. our coast .-fortifications, were
strengthened to-day, to • a statement made
by H. A: Buck of 416 Broadway " i * uo
¦Buck also asserts that it was an open
eecrej among German! officials that Pro
fessor .Muensterberg of Harvard was an
agent of the German Government to mold
American public opinion and to persuade
the. American people that Germany is our
true friend and Great Britain our enemv
Buck says that Professor - Muensterbere
was. sent here at the direct command at
Emperor William.; Prince Henry's visit
he^ ys .' wui'Pjfnned.aB long ago as laoo
. "My Information," he. says, °'was ob
tained directly .from German officials of
high standing with, whom I held business
relations of an important character dur
ing 1S98, 1899 and 1900. ¦ The officials include
General von Goldammer, Lieutenant Hans
Theodore" Hoffman, General von Went?.
ler,' Count' Victor Sereyl of Berlin, a di
rect representative of the German Secre
tary of the Navy, and, Herr Langner
chief naval constructor at Kiel.
Says There , Is Ground for Charges
, Against ' Embassador.
BUCK SUPPORTS -WITTE.
CERRILLOS, N.M., March 14.— Edward
Hull, a liveryman, was shot twice and
perhaps fatally .wounded last night by N.
E. Crenshaw, a barber. The shooting oc
curred at the Palace Hotel, where Hull's
.sister, Miss Annie- Hull, was conversing
In the parlor. with Crensbaw.; she refused
to go home with her brother . when ,. he
asked her to do 60. He struck Crenshaw,
who - thereupon i shot him. Crenshaw is
under, wrest. •
Barber Shoots a Stableman.
CAPE TOWN. March 14.— Cecil Rhodes
Is weaker to-day. Otherwise there is no
change in. his condition. -
LONDON, March 14.— The Pall Mall Ga
siette this afternoon says it understands
that, with the view of preventing a dis
location of the markets, a syndicate of
South African, magnates has been formed
for the purpose of taking over the whole
of Cecil Rhodes' shareholdings in the
event of Rhodes' death.
Cecil Rhodes " Grows » Weaker.
REDDING, March U.-John Lathrop, a
stage line owner, who operates one of the
lines between this city and Weaverville.
has lost one of his finest horses through
S**SJt The -animal was simply scared to
dsatn while in Lathrop's barn during
the recent savage storm. The shingles on
tno roof are new and the heavy fall of
hail Bounded on them like /cannonading.
The horse, frightened by the unusual
iiclse, tugged at his bridle, constantly
throwing his head back during the sev
eral hours that the storm lasted.- Drops
of water worked through the roof and
struck on the animal's back and head.
Increasing its fright. Other horses In the
barn seemed to be equally "fecared, but :in
the case of the fine bay the fright, left
him with what resembled paralysis of
the spine, which resulted in its-death.
Horse Dies of Fright.
WASHINGTON, March 11— General
Funston arrived In Washington tb-nlght.
His purpose here mainly Is to pay his re
spects to President Roosevelt and Secre
tary Root. He will remain until next
week, when he expects to depart for Oak
land, CaL, where Mrs. Funston is staying.
He eaid to-night that his leave of absence
from the division of the Philippines will
expire on April 10, at which time he will
leave San Francisco unless there is a
change in his assignment.
Funston Soon to Come West.
4nce. I saw that there was a possibility that
the manuscript might be used to create a pub
lic disturbance Juat at the time Prince Henry
was to be a cuest of this country. It w-i»
tnerefore determined to retain the papers and
in that way prevent any unpleasant incident
during the time he was being- entertained. ,
As an indication of the fact that it was
simply a question of money with Witte. I had
this letter from him under date of February
24: I apply to you now personally as a gen
tleman to do for my family what you can
pcsslbly. I will on my part pledge my honor
to you. personally not to undertake any step
whatever Mn my difficulties with HoUeben as
long__ as Prince Henry la In this country, and
further, not to undertake any other step after
the Prince a departure unless I have consulted
you before If you will help m* to overcome mv
present embarrassment." Witte having failed
to obtain anything from Embassador von Hol
leben, was willing -to sell his silence to me.
The Government, Lord Charles added,
ought to purchase coal fields at home and
in the colonies. All warships useless for
fighting purposes or valueless on account
of lack of speed ought to be abolished.
The reserves ought to be reorganized and
as early as possible the whole ' war ; fleet
should be mobilized, to test Its organiza
tion and discover Its weak points. ,
Instancing the shortage of coal at some
of the principal stations Lord Beresford
said he had succeeded, after much ' ob
struction, in, finding out how inadequate
were the supplies at Gibraltar and Malta.
When he represented this state of affairs
to his chief he had to threaten to haul
down his flag and publish the whole busi
ness In the newspapers in order to get
the matter remedied.
South Africa would entail disasters which
would be irreparable and which' would be
eternal In their' effect. It was lack of
organization which led to the remount
and other scandals. His plan for insur
ing naval efficiency included the addition
to the board of admiralty of a naval war
lord of the admiralty, who would be re
sponsible for placing before Parliament
the full requirements of the navy. ¦:
eral Goldammer, Lieutenant Hoffman and
General von Wentzler.
"These gentlemen asserted that th#»
German Government had secured through
Baron von Holleben almost exact plans
and details of almost every fortification
in the United States, even to the "SmbS
and description of the guns, mounted and
unmounted. They spoke especially of the
defenses of New York and Boston, and in
detail of those guarding the entrance to
Long Island Sound. Each fortification
was mentioned and described, and It was
asserted that the German navy could sail
into the harbor of New York and lay the
city under tribute at any time It liked to
do so."
SAN JOSE, March U.-Mrs. Emma
Lark, a deranged colored woman, escaped
irom the County Hospital to-day and Is
believed to be roaming about the countv.
Insane "Woman Escapes.
NEW, YORK March 14.— John T
Stover was shot and killed by his wife
Alice, at their home in this city tq-day
When arrested she told the police her
nusband had threatened to kill her be-
? nd l^} she , ot hlm to save her cwn
L lf ?-i.t The couple ca rae here from Phila-
"Woman Kills Her Husband.
The committee passed over the pro
visions of the bill . pertaining to timber
lands until the sub-committe which is in
vestigating that branch of the question
can give a report The question of the
disposition of the friar lands was not
taken up. It was announced that General
Otis would be the next witness before the
committee and he would begin his state
ment next Monday.
WASHINGTON, March 11— The Senate
Committee on the Philippines spent an
hour and .a half going over the sections
of the Philippine • government bill which
relate to the disposal of public lands. The
only chan go of importance made in the
original draft of the bill reduces the term
for leases of the public domain from nlne
ty-nlne years to five years. This change
was made to conform with other provi
sions authorizing the actual final disposi
tion of the lands.
the Provision Belating to
.Leases.
Senate Committee Makes a Change in
LAWMAKEES CONSIDEB
PHILIPPINE LANDS
Continued From Page One.
New Railroad for Oklahoma.
GUTHRIE, Okla., March' 14.— The Tulsa
Northern Railway Company was char
tered here to-day to build a line from Tul
sa, In the Creek Nation, to Owasso, In the
Cherokee Nation. The places of business
? ,?. ut^ rle and Tulsa. and the capital
stock is 1500,000. • .
t ¦ .
INSPIRES THE PRINCE'S JOURNEY
KNOX. Ind., March 14.— The west-bound
Nickel Plate passenger, du? here at 2:50
p. m., ran into an open switch, resulting
In a distastrous wreck. The following
persons were severely Injured: A. A.
Fchwlnd. engineer. Fort Wayne: Jim Dal
ton. fireman. Fort Wayne; C. L. Alexan
der* bagpageman, Cleveland; William
Browe. mail clerk. Cleveland.
The train was running at a high speed
wh*n it collided with a number of freieht
cars which were standing on the side
track. The baggage coach was torn to
pieces and the engine and six freight cars
were riled in a heap and destroyed by
£, re- , T. he fi r. e ra^ d for several hours,
blockading all traffic for over four hours
No one was killed, although many pas
sengers were slightly injured.
Engineer Schwind received dangerous
wounds in the head, and his wrists were
severely cut. Dalton's shoulder and wrist
were severely Injured. Alexander and
Browe. it is feared.-were Internally in
jured. The railroad company's loss is
heavy.
Cars Burned in Indiana
Disaster.
Four Men Are Severely Injured and
FAST TRAIN CEASHES
INTO FEEIGHT SECTION
WASHINGTON, March 14.-The District
Court of Appeals to-day overruled a mo
tl«i for a rehearing made by Delo» K.
Lonewolf. chief of the Klowa and Co
mancho Indians In Oklahoma, and his
associates In their case against the Secre
tary of the Interior, looking to overturn
ing the Government's action in throwing
open their land last summer They al
l3 ged tt V h n t the Ju and waa takcn them
wrongfully. The motion was denied on
the ground that no new matter had been
M« g M 0Ut ' ? nd 8al i? the Congressional
ratification act was final and conclusive,
and that the courts have no Jurisdiction
over the subject. The decision expressed
the hope that "the United States Su-
P« re iiiL£i U £ may fln< ? a nm^y 'or what
1 di * grlevous wron B to
Decision Against Indian Case.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— William A.
Rodenberg of East St. Louis. 111., to-day
submitted to President Roosevelt hia
resignation as a member of the United
States Civil Service Commission, to take
effect April 1. Richard Dana of/ Boston
has been mentioned as a probable 'suc
cessor, but President Roosevelt has not
yet announced his intention.
Rodenberg's relations with the Presi
dent and tho other members of the com
mission have been cordial, and the latter
to-day gave out a statement announcing
that thero always had been harmony
among the threo Commissioners, and
denying a report that a request for his
resignation had ever been contemplated.
Hodcnbergr called on the President several
days ago and informed him of his inten
tion to resign and re-enter politics, and
the latter urged him to remain. Roden
berg formerly represented the Twenty
first Illinois District - In Congress. •¦• Fol
lowing Is Kodenberg's letter of resigna
tion and the President's reply;
Dear Mr. President : I have the honor to
tender herewith my resignation as a member of
the United States Civil Service Commission, to
take effect April 1, l»02. In doing so I desire
to exprona my sincere appreciation of your
personal favor and to bespeak tor your admin*,
lstratlon a continuation of Us merited pros
perity and success. With assurances of ¦ my
cordial and best wishes I am. yours very truly,
W. A. RODENBERO..
WHITE HOUSE, WASHINGTON-, March U,
1902. — My Dear Mr. Rodenberg : I accept your
resignation with regret. You have shown your
self throughout my term an excellent ; public
servant and I wish It were possible for you
to continue on the Civil Service Commission.
With best wishes I am faithfully yours.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
CONGRESSMEN ARE BECOMING.
Continued From Page One.
It appears that the fight upon the Em
bassador has been In progress for several
months and he is aware of all that has,
been done by his opponents up to the
present time. Now the question is for the
lirst time raised formally as to the pro
priety of an Embassador or Minister en
gaging In business, or even having finan
cial interests in the country to which he
In accredited. It Is believed that there is
no spectic law upon the subject, and It is
suggested that the determining point In
this case will lie in the character of Clay
ton's Investments and to tho extent to
which they might seem to tend to influ
ence his Emba.isadorial actions.
CITY OF MEXICO, March 14.—Embas
eador Clayton Is now out of the city and
his reply to the charges against him in
connection with the MJualey case cannot
be had. . .- •¦¦--•'¦ ¦•'¦
The Mexican Herald says the charge
that General Clayton Is interested in
Mexican mines is simply puerile and can
only have been Introduced to throw doubt
In the eyes of the public who may fail to
see the absolute lack of connection be
tween the fact In question and the act
of which Mealey complains. It is not
true, the paper continues, the Mexican of
ficials are Interested In these mines with
General Clayton.
WASHINGTON. March 14.— The charges
against Embassador Powell Clayton sub
mitted to the State Department were for
warded to him In order that he may make
reply If he. cares to do so.
After declaring that nobody was more
disappointed in this matter than the King
himself, with- whom the idea of this visit
had origlnaated, and after expressing his
own conviction that his Majesty would
have been most enthusiastically welcomed
here, Earl Cadogan said he shared the
full responsibility with the other Minis
ters for advising the King that the pres
ent was not an appropriate occasion for
a^ visit and that this advice was given
after the fullest consideration.
The speaker said he refrained from
characterizing the difficulties which had
rendered the abandoned visit Inopportune,
but. that they were well known and de
plored by a vast majority of the Irish
people, karl Cadogan said he was quite
sure these difficulties were only of a tem
porary character, and that before long his
Majesty would be able to carry out his
wish, which was very near his heart and
tho realization of which would be pro
ductive of the greatest possible advantage
to Ireland.
DUBLIN, March 14.— In an address de
livered at a public meeting here Earl
Cadogan, Lord Lieutenant of Ireland,
made a rather enigmatic reference to
King Edward's abandoned visit to Ire
land.
Probably eighteen months will be re
quired before the magnificent battleship
Ohio will be ready for her trial trip.
Five hundred workmen are engaged in
rearing the foundations for the turrets
and stationing the platforms upon which
are to rest the twelve Thornycrof t boil
ers and the great triple expansion, twin.
12,500 horsepower engines. The engines
have been ready for six months.
The keel of the new armored cruiser
California is nearly ready for laying and
heaps of material are upon the ground In
preparation for quick progress when the
work starts. The cruiser .will have a
total displacement of 13,800 tons, exceed
ing In tonnage capacity any vessel for
the navy yet built at the Union Iron
Works, it will be ready for launching
in about eighteen months.
The armored cruiser North Dakota, of
the same dimensions aa the California
will be started In a few weeks.
The protected cruiser Tacoma, of 3200
, n , St J , eingr rapidly pushed forward and
will be launched in September next.
.Work on the protected cruiser Milwau
kee, 9*00 tons displacement, will soon be
started. Some delay in the receipt of
material has prevented an earlier begin
ning. \ .
To remedy the defect In the speed the
shape of the vessels' sterns undur water
for a length of twenty feet is to be
changed, moving the look down abaft
the propeller. ;a tank test demonstrates
that at least a knot will be gained by
thus modifying the lines of the three
vessels. The change in the Paul Jones
is about finished.
CruUeru, oaiiieeinp*, lorpeuu ueatroyerts
anu inuiftjiuris inciuue uuuut an tnu
variety oi emu In uuvernuittiii employ
ment, and are sven in vuriuua uegieea
Oi completion, wnn hundreds of ousy
workmen enguyed on eacn. Mucn Inter
est attuches to me three torpedo destroy
ers, i'uui Jones, .ferry and Jt-Teole, wnicn
woro iiniaiiou mst year, but, on trial, did
not quitu comu up to upeeu requirements,
tnougn built according to ptans of uiu
.Naval Department. The fauit was shown
to be in tne detective planning of the
hull, aft.
In the great variety of the craft that
is being turned out on Government ac
count tnere has never been ho remarka
ble a display in the history ot tne yarus.
The cunuus, diminutive, uubmergeu vea-
Beit), on winch un-y uro busy, are beln£
conuirucibu on tnu same wuya ua tay
u»k or uiBi;r '1 ueuirtu. 1 uey win bu reauy
lor inai in August, anu it ttuucustttui a.
itreai many wm uu uuueu to me equip
ment oi uiu Unuea ftiuiurt navy.
Work on Government vessels at the
Union Iron 'Syorks, is being proseauted
with great industry. The thousands ef
workmen busily engaged in all aorta of
avocations give to the yards an appear
ance of Immense activity. A greater
number of men are now employed than
ever before.
Charges Against the Em- V
bassador Are For
warded.
Keel of the New Cruiser
California to Be
Laid Soon.
Rodenberg of the Civil
Service Writes Res
ignation.
Lord Lieutenant Causes
Abandonment of
Visit to Erin.
POLITICS WOOS
A COMMMISSIONER
MEN AGAIN BUSY
ON WAR VESSELS
THE architects are busy on the
plans for the "Fairmont," the
family hotel which will be built
by Mrs. Herman Oelrichs on the
block bounded by California, Sac
ra irento, Mason and Powell streets. While
the general features, have been deter
mined upon, they v are,, yet to . be worked
out. and it will probabiy be three months
before work will begin upon ' the struc
ture. * • "; .' . ¦•:¦'¦¦; . \ ¦ . . .
I The building will: be . an extremely sim
ple type of the Italian Renaissance., "rThs
"material will be light stone of white
terra cotta. It.will be five stories .with
tasement, with "a frontage of 275 feet on
?Jason street and a depth of 200 feet.
The structure will occupy only the west
trn half of the block.
i The intention is to make the hotel as
'perfect and as complete and elegant in
Hs\ appointments as money and architec
tural skill will permit. There will be
about 400 rooms exclusive of those for
CLAYTON WIRY
SEND A REPLY
CADOGAN WARNS
BRITAIN'S KING
common use by the guests. There will be
a few single rooms, but in the main they
will be grouped in suites of from two to
six rooms. .
. The hotel will be built around a court,
which on the ground floor will inclose a
conservatory. The main entrance, on Ma
fron street, will be highly ornamental. To
the right and left of it will be carriage
perches. The ground floor will be almost
entirely taken up with foyer, conserva
tory, parlors and grill, banquet, billiard
r.nd ball rooms. The ballroom. will occupy
the center of the rear, facing the con
servatory, with a banquet hall at one end
and ladies' parlor at the other. The bar,
grill and billiard rooms are to be on the
Sacramento-street side.
The top floor will have the main dining
room and smaller dining rooms for chil-
dren and J nurses . and employes. These
will occupy half of -the floor, 'the re
mainder to be utilized for" small suites
and single rooms. ~ . .
The larger suites on the other floors are
each to have an entrance hall, and around
this the sitting rooms. • bedrooms, dining
rooms and baths will be grouped. There
will be five passenger elevators and a
freight elevator. .
Reid BroB. are the architects. They
will devote much time to the plans In or
der to complete them; as early as possi
ble. • . .
Herman Oelrichs announced last even
ing that it had been decided to make the
building five stories In height instead of
four, as shown in the original plans. This
addition will not materially alter the ap
pearance of the structure.
SPLENDID HOTEL TO BE ERECTED ON NOB HILL BY THE FAIR ESTATE FROM PLANS DRAWN BY REID
BROS. THE BUILDING WILL BE FIVE STORIE3 INSTEAD OF FOUR STORIES, AS PLANNED,
A DECISION TO THAT EFFECT HAVING BEEN REACHED YESTERDAY. y
Following: the termination of the King's
court, an unusual scene was witnessed
early this morning. All the fashionable
photographers of London were. busy tak
ing pictures, with the aid of electric light,
of the^ladles in their presentation dresses.
The diplomatic circle ¦ included Joseph
H. Choate, the American-'- Erobassador.
and Mrs. Choate; Henry White, secretary
of the American Embassy at London, and
Mrs. White; John R. Carter, second sec
retary of the embassy; William C. Eustla.
third secretary of the embassy, and Mrs.
KusUm; and Commander Richardson Clo
ver, the naval attache. Among the Amer
ican presentations were Mr. and Mrs.
Padelford. Altogether 950 Invitations were
Issued, but a large number of those In
vited • did not attend the court. Mrs.
Choate woro a Worth dress of pink satin
with a train of black velvet, trimmed
with pink rose*.
The newly decorated dining-room, which
is most beautiful, was opened for the first
time this evening. A horseshoe table was
laden with gold plate and pyramids of
flowers and fruit. ' All the arrangements
were highly successful.
Among the striking beauties present
were Lady Cynthia Graham and Vis
ccur.tess Castlereagh. Lady Arthur But
ler, daughter of General Anson Slager of.
the United States army, was also notice
ably pretty. "Witb the exception of those
presented, there were few young girls
present. Lady Strahcona presented Miss
Twining of Canada.
On one side of their Majesties stood a
brilliant group of Embassadora and dip
lomats and ladies displaying gorgeous
dresses ,and jewels: on the other side
stood the members of the royal household.
King Edward received the guests accord
ing to precedence and afterward moved
freely among the ¦ brilliant company. An
informal supper was served after the re
ception and the court continued until
midnight.
LONDON, March ll.-Kin* Edward's
first evening court nince hi* accession wa*
held to-ulght. The beautiful «pring
weather of tho pa«t tew day* changed this
afternoon to a heavy downpour, which
continued throughout tho evening and
quite spoiled tho spectacle as far as thd
general public was concerned. The scene
oi' the affair was Buckingham Palace.
In spite ot the . blinding rain, which
turned the roads Into quapmires and hid
tho entrance of the palace in blurred mist,
tho constant stream of carriages was
watched by a large crowd, which cheered
most loyally when their Majesties, In a
state coach and escorted by officers ot
the Life Guards, came along the Mall and
passed into the palace, the guard of honor
giving the rdyal salute and the Grena
dier's Band, stationed In the courtyard,
playing the national anthem.
Their Majesties were bowing all along
the route, but, in common wiUi the occu
pants of the other carriages, they could
scarcely be recognized through the rain.
Once inside the palace the contrast was
striking. Nothing so brilliant has been
seen since the early days of the reign of
Quen Victoria. The blaze of new electric
lights, the scent of flowers heaped along
th e corridors, the glitter of ladles' jewels
and dresses and the court uniforms made
a memorable and magnificent scene. Kins
i-dward s private band played in a gal-
L ei X of the ballroom, where the court was
held. Their Majesties , stood simply and
without a dias at one end of the room and
a few paces in front of the royal circle,
which included the Prince and Princess
oi Wales, while further back were ranged
other royal personages. The breast of
King Edward was blazing: with orders
and stars and he appeared to be in the
best of health and spirits.
Queen Alexandra wore a golden yellow
dress, embroidered with irises. Rows of
pearls hung from her neck and she wore a
dainty diamond crov/n. The Queen stood
throughout the fatiguing ceremony, gra
ciously smiling. The Princess of Wales
was attired in white and silver and the
other Princesses were robed in white.
The Governor further said that Presi
dent Tuttle and the Boston and Albany
omrMals had usM every effort to get the
men back. At Kast BoHton, where ninety
°f th« Boston and Maine men went out.
&I had been taken back. At the same
place, where 320 of the Boston and Albany
men went out. 108 had been jrlvcn places
ry the railroad company. In the ca»e of
th* Now Haven road, he said, th« com
pany would be willing to take back as
mnny a* ponKible. but the question of re
quiring the men to sign an agreement has
not been arranged.
The situation looks very much more en
counging than last nlsht. The railroads have
ell agreed to take back as many men as pos
fible without discrimination. As far as the
Ft<*amship lines are concerned I understand
that the aien have returned, or practically all
of them. The railroad compani^ will not con
pert to d!ftcharff« men whom they have hired
In place of th« strikers, but they are well dla
posed to the men and are anxious to take back
en many ac possible. The question of the load
ing and unloading of teams, while it came up
incidentally to-day, was not very much dis
cuwicd. It will be taken up next week.
The Governor received many delegations
during the afternoon-and by great exer
tion got together President John M. Hall
of the New York, New Haven and Hart
ford Railroad: President Tuttle of the
Boston and Maine Railroad and Samuel
Hoar, general counsel for- the Boston and
Albany at the State House at 4:30 o'clock.
W. E. Chamberlain, general manager of
the eastern division of the New Haven
road, also was admitted into the execu
tive chamber. The Selectmen were with
the Governor an hour and a half. In the
meantime a number of the labor leaders,
who had been holding conferences with
the State Board of Arbitration and at the
labor Quarters, arrived and were taken
into the Council chamber. For an hour
the Governor had alternate interviews
between employer and employe. The Gov
ernor said to-night:
The special side of the strike-breaking
to-lay presented an army of workingmen
rushing helter-skelter to get to their old
positions. There had been more than 20,
oOO places vacated, but fully 10 per cent of
the men found their places tilled. This
was the reason for friction all day, af
fecting only the men themselves, for the
concerns •were too busy raising: the em
bargo on goods in their keeping to give
heed to talk of unfairness. Freight be
gan to move at docks, freight sheds, from
and to wholesale houses and factories and
upon the streets, and by night great in
roads had been made on the four days'
accumulation of eoods.
The real battle to-day was between the
men who control the strike and the repre
sentatives of the great interests who had
been prevailed upon to consider certain
propositions as a way to the settlement
of The trouble.
As a matter of fact, the strike was
completely broKen to-day, although
irouules cropped out In many quarters,
some of which were arranged without de
lay and others dragged along In an uncer
tain state, po that they came In for con
sideration by the labor bodies to-night.
During these meetings, judging from
what was argued by the men, Independ
ent strikes of bodies seem impending, but
the leaders In the strike just ended are
sanguine that they still hold control of
the entire organized labor body and will
r.ot again be obliged to order a strike of
the freieht handlers, or its more serious
accompaniment, a sympathetic strike of
affiliated bodies. To-morrow will show
more clearly the conditions In this respect.
On the other hand, Governor Crane and
«he State Hoard of Arbitration belleVo
that the pnililcm Is being solved quite
lapidly, considering the Immensity of tho
em Ike, an<i only asit for time and patience,
irom both laboring and business men, to
remove ail obslucies to a resumption of
Ireijjht traffic under ordinary conditions.
BGSTpN, March 14,— The labor irituation
In UoRoti to-night is extremely perplex
ir.it. To give weight to eiatcmems of
labor men, who rpcnk without authority
«ind who say that harmony i* not re
stored, Is to make the outlook far moro
critical. than at any time Blnce tho Allied
Freight Transportation Council begun Its
tight against tho It. 8. lirlno Transporta
tion Company. ', • !
Photographers Reap Their
Harvest After the Gala
. Show.
Belief Prevails »That Some
Unions May Oontinuo
tho Fight '
King Edward Holds First
Evening Court in
London.
Labor Troubles in Bos
ton Are Now Nearly
Settled.
RULER GETS
DAZZLING CROWD
STRIKERS RUSK
FOR OLD JOBS
WEALTH AND SKILL WILL UNITE
TO MAKE "FAIRMONT" PERFECT
Hotel to Be Built by Mrs. Herman Oelrichs Will Combine Complete
ness of Appointments With Rare Elegance.
THE SAN FBANGISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, MARCH 15, 1902.
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxative Uromo-Qulnlr.e removes the cause
E. \V. Grave's signature on every box.'. •
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching Blind. Bleedinp or Protruding pller
::o cur*. XoPay. All druggists are author ili
by manufacturer* of Pazo Ointment to refund
raor.ey where ft fall* to cure any case of Diles
no matter of how long standing. Cur«:8 ordinary
rases in fix daye; worst cases In fourteen days
On« application givea ease and rest. Relieves
Itching ini>tantly. This Is a new discovery and
is the only pile remedy eo!d on positive guar-
RHt<"e. no cure, no pay. A free sample will b*
cent by mall to any one sending name and ad
dress. Price. TiOc. If your druggist don't keep
it In .stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full fiizp box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo., who
also manufacture the eelebrated cold cure,
laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets.
2
May Seize Consul's Furniture.
PARIS, March 14.— A dispatch to the
Patrie from Lyons Kays . there is much
comment over a conflict between the mu
nicipality and the United States Consul
there on account of an attempt to impose
certain new taxes, on that official. The
latter claims to be exempt by the conven
tion of February 2, 1853. and refuses to
pay. The municipality threatens to seize
the Consul's furniture.
March
April May
There is a best time for doing every-
thing — that is, a time when a thing can
be done to the best advantage, most
easily and most effectively. Now is the
best time for purifying your blood.
Why? pecause your, system is now try-
ing to purify it— you know this by the
pimples and other eruptions that have
come on your face and body.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
arid Pills
Are the medicines to take — they do the
work thoroughly and agreeably.
Accept no substitute.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
L .
Words of Hope for
the Despondent.
P^ine'sCelery
Compound
Tho Ma;vclou3 Banishcr of Disease
Ha: Become tho Popular
Family Medicine.
DjvisM by aa Eminent Physician and Gen-
erally PrearM by tin Profession,
p. — _ €i
Professor Edward E. Ptaolpa. M.D..
LL..D,, according to tho ethics of honest
and reputable physicians, gave to tha
leading medical m«n of tho world his won-
derful prescrlptlort Palne'st Celery Com-
pound ag soon as It was perfected. For
this reason IJalnc's L'elery Compound has
never been Included 'among patent medi-
cines. Coming from So high a source, and
beins bo thoroughly tested and so strong-
ly recommended, physicians prescribe it
with confidence. , \ *,,
¦Paine's Celery Compound rapidly gains
ln fame as a disease binlsher; all who
have tried It gratefully acknowledge its
curing and life giving power. It drives
the poison germs of deep seated diseases
from tho blood: It brings buoyancy\of
spirit In place of lassitude and despond-
ency; It enables the overtaxed and broken
down system to start fairly on the road
to health; It gives the sweet sleep so nec-
essary to brain and nerves. It strength-
ens, Invigorates and gives tone to the sys-
tem, makes pure blood, is food and nour-
ishment for nerves and tissue. It makes
sick people well.
Mr. John B. Dryden, Editor of tha
"Frankfort Call," Frankfort, Ky., writes
j as follows:
"It gives me great pleasure to state to
you. and to any suffering human belns,
that ln my judgment there are thousands
upon thousands ln this broad land of ours
who are to-day suffering, who might en- 4
joy all the blessings of health If they
would but use your great medicine,
Paine's Celery Compound.
"For the cure of dyspepsia it has no
superior, and that dread disease, insom-
nia, will soon be a thing of the past If
people who are thus afflicted will use thi3
medicine.
"I have used the Compound In my fam-
ily and always with beneficial results? As
a family medicine I do not think It pos-
sible to find Its superior. To those who -are
worn out In body, it will speedily bring
them back to health and make them feel
that life 13 worth living again. To all
poor, suffering, human creatures, we say
*use Paine's Celery Compound If you want
to be made well.* "
'DIAMOND PAINTS go 0 Ser Sll L e n r i y To on c^
OUR WAYS.
Our laundry ways are winning ways-
winning friends and customers, too— the
others when you seo the quality of tha
work we do— on shirts, collars and cuffs,
for example.
Try us on yours.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES~TaUNDRY ASS'N
Office 1OO4 Market Streat.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo A vs.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink X
Best NATURAL Alkaiinsj Water
' ; V ..-•,'. • 220 BROADWAY. N. T.
gg| CHlCHESTEB-a ENGLISH
M #*»4£h"'*W Original gknri (lily (2«Mi!«la«w
r^|»Tt»J\»ATK. *!>•»»• «U»»1» L«J1«,. uk Drum-*
« h6! >»rtbbo«^T a boK. 0 «,.F. IfefW
jn «£* <*£3 1>a*c«r«TO »«o«UtaUon« ad Imltn-
I t_ Vi *••¦•• B "7 •' T»«r On»«ll»t. or tend 4*. i«
{£» B i^ m £V°M J*?»H««'«r«. Te»ttBio«!aU
\V IT • ad K»N*r NrbullM,*nl<nir, b/ r«.
~\^^.£ ¦ *»ra Mali. in.OliO l-*n:mnnl»ti. S.i<tt>»
ir5njfm!fi f *^f»_n remedy for Gonorrhea*;
jf3T*r CUBES Whitss, unn»tnr»l di£
jtgjjlr la 1 to 4 d»j§. Ira charges, or any iaflatnmi.-.
B4tm* Oaaraatead w *^ tioa. Irritation or ulc«ra»
t* ' «, PrtTtat «oau«taa. tioo of B.uccni mam*
TS^ na ™* V :°-m§*°T «*Bt «a Plain wr* ?P «r. L
jSS'-oV *.A*2 by «iP re( "t Prepaid, foe- 7^
fr t)
pflrr nnuRi j^"*** rou«a an*
irr H Yfl - k s%ui F B^
UHI L IIUIHL srw&jira
. va»»se» checked tn*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
. oa Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J- CW'H SUM i? f ) 900 Battery Street.
«l- W« UILJIM ft wJ-. Telephone Main 130*-
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYr-^ £ f ft Shipping Batcher*. 10*
JAJ' DUlCJg tU ciay: Tel. Main 12H.
Foils']
ILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
f ~» «-imn,»t.»- < a. P. Phon» Main 171U. .
PRIMn.NO. T}Z
EC KIIfiHP? PRINTER.
• C- UUQlICy an Sansoma at.. 8. P.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.,
23 First street. Sin Francisco.It is understood that much of the time
was given to an argument by Morris of
Minnesota on the constitutionality of a
rebate. Individually the members, after
the meeting, said that the prospects for
an agreement were good, but that the
form of the agreement was still In doubt,
no one plan, yet haying shown its advant
age over the others. No vote's were taken
at the meeting to-day.
The conferees continued their, discussion
this afternoon. The conference lasted
from 2 until 5 p. m. and at 'its close
Chairman Payne, who had been delegated
by both sides to give out a statement,
said that after further consideration of
the subject the conferees had come to no
conclusion and had adjourned until 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
¦ The plan is somewhat similar to the re
bate proposition heretofore presented, ex
cept that this payment is to go direct to
the Cuban Government instead of the
planters.
Representative ¦ Fordney of Michigan,
one of the conferees, takes this view, and
has favored the conference plan by which
there should be 20 per cent reduction of
the Cuban duties on goods going into
Cuba and in return the payment to Cuba
out of the United States treasury of an
amount equal to 20 per cent of the duties
on Cuban goods coming here. Fordney
holds that this will give the desired relief
without involving a reduction of duty.
On the other hand some ef the conferees
representing the element opposed to 'the
Ways and Means Committee stated that
while an amicable adjustment undoubted
ly would be reached there would be no
consent to any plan involving a reduction
of tariff. '
WASHINGTON, March 14.-Members of
the Ways and Means Committee stated
with positiveness to-day that the confer
ences now in progress would result in a
compromise agreement in the Cuban re
ciprocity issue, probably on the lines of
a. 20 per cent Concession for one or two
years. '
DOUBT HEDGES
CUBAN QUESTION
Those who havo given serious consider
ation to the subject do not anticipate any
action that will* change the constitution
relative to the election of Senators during
the present Congress.
In substance it provides that each State
shall have not less than two Senators and
one additional Senator for every addi
tional ratio of 500,000 neople. Under it3
provisions New York would have about
twelve Senators, Pennsylvania ten and
several bther States would have more
than six each.
Those who are interested In this subject
in the Senate could not help being
amused at' an occurrence to-day in tlas
connection. While William J. Bryan was
in the Senate lobby, talking to certain
Senators In favor of the resolution. Sen
ator Penrose introduced an amendment
to the resolution which virtually kills it
eo far as this session is concerned.
Just outside of the glass door, which
separates the Senate chamber from the
lobby, stood Bryan with his hand on the
shoulder of Senator Bate of Tennessee,
pleading with him to support the resolu
tion. On the other side of the glass door,
within the Senate chamber, stood Senator
Penrose propounding an amendment cal
culated to make the pending resolution
so obnoxious that It may not have con
sideration this session. If Senator Pen
rose's amendment should be accepted it
would provide for a complete alteration
of the constitution and convert the Sen
ate into a second House of Representa
tives. ;V,-
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 14.— There i3
small prospect for the passage of tEe
House resolution providing: for the elec
tion of Senators by direct vote of the
people. The Republican leaders In the
Senate have set their faces against any
change in the constitution relative to tha
election of Senators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CONSTITUTION
SATISFIES THEM
MONTEREY, March 14.— The condition
of Mrs. Charles Rollo Peters, wife of the
noted, artist,; has taken a turn for the
worse and there is almost no hope of re
covery. She has been dangerously ill - of
blood poisoning for the past two .weeks.
Artist's Wife Near to Death.
Mrs. Tevis Asks for GuardianshiD.
, MONTEREY, March 14.-Cornelia Mc-
GheeTevls, widow of Hugh Tevis the
San Francisco millionaire, who aied re
cently in Japanu filed a petition to-day
In the Superior Court of Monterey County
for the guardianship ef her infant son,
Hugh. Tevis Jr. The baby was born in
the Tevis hacienda near Monterey about
a month ago. His estate is estimated to
be worth $65,000
SANTA BARBARA, March 14.— The
capital stock : of the , Hotel Potter Com
pany has. been raised .from $500,000 to
$1,000,000. 'The big tourist' hotel that is
new; belngj constructed in this city cannot
be '¦ completed : with ' the "nr«t ' named sum,
hence the decision of ¦ the stockholders.
Work on the foundation of the new struc
ture is now completed and the" framework
is well under way. . It is said that nearly
every room has been engaged already for
next season, and it Is the intention of the
promoters to spare no expense to make
the caravansary the finest in Southern
California, , ,
To' Be a Million-Dollar Hotel.
REDDING March 14.-A company con,,
posed of Salt Lake capitalists has pur
chased the Wynne placer claim of 160
acres, near Horsetown. and is negotiatine
for other properties in tne same vicinity
The Salt Lake men will employ the^mod
ern processes in working • their dossps
slons A powerful dredger ¦ wUl'be Insulted
on Clear Creek and operated by^Sectri-
Buying Placer Claims.
STANFORD". UNIVERSITY, March 14.-
Funeral services over the body of Percy
E. Nichols, '04, the athlete, who died on
Wednesday, were held in the large . club
room of Encina Hall this afternoon. They
were simple, but impressive, and were
attended by a large number of students,
instructors and other friends of the de
ceased collegian. A quartet of students
opened the services with- a hymn, which
was followed by a reading of Scriptures
and prayer by Professor Show. A double
column of 400 students preceded the hearse
to "God's acre" in the arboretum, . where
the remains were Interred." , . '. :
Last Tribute to Dead Student.
DYNAMITERS ATTEMPT
SPOKANE MAYOR'S LIFE
Threaten a Second Effort to Destroy
His Residence After the First
Fails.
SPOKANE. March 14.— It was given out
to-day that an attempt to dynamite the
residence of Dr. P. 8. Byrne, Mayor of
this city, was made last Tuesday night.
The explosion took place a few yards
from the Mayor's house in the suburbs,
shattering glass and blowing a hole in
the earth. It is believed about two sticks
of dynamite were used. •
Yesterday the Mayor received an anony
mous letter threatening: that his houso
•would surely be -blown up unless he
changed his political policy. Detectives
have the case in hand.
SEATTLE, March 14.— George Homer's
illustrated rebus. did not save him to-day
from conviction in Colfax on the charge
of perjury. Some time ago he. made affi
davit before the County Auditor that Miss
Mary Spray" was "over 18," and thus se
cured a license for ¦ her to marry his
brother-in-law, J. • N. Keeney. Miss
Spray's father had Homer arrested on a
charge of perjury. His defense was that
the girl was "over 18," because he had cut
the figures VIS" in her shoes.<
. It took- tho Jury only ten minutes to de
cide 'that Homers illustrated rebus was
out of order. .-
ceive a Marriage License
Clerk.
TOLD THE TKUTH, BUT
IS- GUILTY .: OE PERJURY
Sequel to a Unique Attempt tq De-
Princess' Case Is Postponed.
CAPE TOWN. MarclJ 14.— The case of
Princess Radziwill. who is charged with
forgery in connection with notes purport
ing to have been signed by Cecil Rhodes
and by the latter, has been postponed
until March 21 on account of illness of
the Princess.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 14.—
Three engagements of Stanford students
were made public to-day, two' of them be-"
ing of university graduates and the third
of a sophomore now In college. .
Miss Ellen Lynn, '01. of Palo Alto, will
be married in April. to R. E. Trengrove of
Alaska. Miss Lynn is a teacher In the
San Luis Oblspo schools and the prospect
ive groom is cashier of the Bank of Cape
Nome. . - " .„«
Edmund R. Lyman, 96, director of the
Chinese Polytechnic Institute at Shang
hai, is engaged to Miss Alice M. Bell of
Oakland. ;
The announcement of the betrothal of
I. H. Lyons, '04, and Miss Mabel Coy of
Baltimore comes as a> surprise to the
friends of the sophomore classman. Lyons
is a resident. of San Francisco and is a
student- in the department of economics.
the University Soon to
Many.
Two Graduates and a Sophomore of
ENGAGEMENTS OF THREE •
STUDENTS OF STANFORD
The articles of Incorporation state that
in order to reach the City of Mexico the
company wih purchase the San Luis de la
Paz y Posos Railway Company's line
from near Dolores Hidalgo to San Luis de
la Paz, and an unconstructed line from
San Luis de la Paz to Posos and from
Dolores Hidalgo to Guanajuato, all in the
State of Guanjuato, Mexico.
It is stated that the company will also
buy the Mexican National Railroad Com
pany's properties, including its main line
known^as the International, extending
from New Laredo. State of Tamulioes
Mexico, to the City of Mexico, together
with a number of. branch lines. The In
ternational is 840 miles in length and the
total length of the new compfny, incluo%
ing branches, will b« about 1500 miles
It is also stated that the company' wm
incorporated in Utah for the reason that
the laws of this State are more favorablr
to the enterprise than the laws of many
other States. The original articles $??/.
corporation of the National Railroad
Company were filed here on February 24
but. the fact has not been given out until
to-day. The articles . filed to-day are^ an
amendment to the original articles which
fixed the capital stock at $200,000/ Amon2
railway officials in this city it is believed
that the new company is backed bv the
Harriman interests. - e
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 14.— Articles
of incorporation were filed with the Sec
retary of State to-day of the National
Railroad* Company of Mexico. The capi
talization is placed .at $65,350,000, and the
object is stated to be to build and operate
a railroad line from Laredo, Texas, to the
City of Mexico.
Slayer of Logger Hussey
Barricades Himself ;
in a Cabin.
TELLURIDE, Colo., March 14.— One of
the worst snowstorms of the season pre
vails here to-day. In the mountains a bliz
zard is raging and work at the Liberty
Bell mine was stopped. Snowslides are
not much feared, as the wind piles the
snow into drifts and there is very little
on the tops of the mountains.
OURAY, Colo., March 14.— A terrific
snowstorm has been raging here since 8
o'clock last night. Fully ten Inches of
snow has fallen and it is still snowing,
with no eigns of ceasing. During the
night the wind blew at the rate of sixty
miles an hour, piling the snow Into huge
drifts. Wagon and stage traffic to the
mines and the Red Mountain and Sneffels
have been suspended, the, mails going out
on horseback this morning. There is great
danger from snowsltdes.
One fatality has been reported as the
result of the severe snowstorm in this sec
tion. Max Adler, employed as a cook on
a construction, train on the Oregon Short
line, Etrayed from his car at Terminus,
Utah, last night and to-day his frozen
body was found within half a mile of the
train., ' ' -
The storm was accompanied by but lit
tle wind and no serious delays to trains
are reported. In Utah the snow was es
pecially heavy in the districts where the
precipitation has been far below the nor
mal, and much good will result.
SALT LAKE. Utah. March 14.— Since
last evening snow, varying in depth from
three Inches to nearly two feet, has fallen
over the entire intermountain region. The
storm extended over Eastern Washington
and Oregon, . Idaho, Montana, Nevada,
Western Colorado, Utah and Northern
New Mexico.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 14L—John
nie Tackuin. the Indian desperado. Is
holding at bay a force of provincial con
stables on Read Island. Tackum is the
Indian who killed a logger named Hussey
last Friday ar.d nearly beat to death his
Indian wire, besides wounding two white
men. After the snooting the Indian set
lo work systematically to make hla cap
ture imjjossible. He has already eerved
eix years in jail and is desperate with the
knowledge of what awaits him if cap
tured.
.Yesterday morning: a squad of special
police, with Constable Jones a.t its head,
visited the Island. Jones found the In
dian fortified in a cabin occupied former
ly by the murdered logger, Hussey. The
•windows command the only landing place
on the island and the big Indian now has
everything in sight to himself. A shot or
two was fired to locate him. to a cer
»2inty and the Indian at once made his
ircsence known by a return volley. He
f^is a fine rifle, a good supply of am
munition and is known to be a pood shot
The only feasible scheme for capturing
him that appeared yesterday to the of
ficials was to 6et the house afire in the
night and drive the red man from his
ehelter. This was to have been tried last
night, but the result is not yet known
here. - • ¦ -¦•'.•¦¦ •
Magnates With Sixty
five Million Dollars
\j at Work.
Remarkable Storm Rages
Throughout West
ern States.
SNOW PILES
UPON CITIES
Many years ago Julius Wagner fathe*
of the Rossland man, put $80,000 into the
Wagner Palace Car Company, which waa
then in its experimental stage. For this
sum he received notes and other securi
ties, but at no time did he realize any
returns from the Investment. After tho
father's death members of the family at
tempted to recover something from the
Wagner Car Company, but the company
fought vigorously and the case dragged
on in various courts. For fifteen years
the battle has continued. The Wagner
family found the backing necessary to
press its claim to the utmost and this
week a settlement was arranged. i
VANCOUVER. B. C, March 14.— Julius
Wagner, a butcher of Rossland, has fall
en into a great fortune.. Together with
his mother, sister and brother he will
divide $2,700,000 in cash . and $1,000,000 in
the shares of the Pullman-Wagner Palace
Car Company. The first installment will
be distributed on May 1.
of a Claim Against Sleeping-
Car Company.
Sossland Man Profits by Settlement
DEALER IN MEAT FALLS . ;
HEIB TO GREAT WEALTH
PLAN RAILWAY
THROUGH MEXICO
INDIAN HOLDS
POSSE AT BAY
t-^^RTTHING is in readiness for
the Red Cross rally in the nave
J^ of the ferry building this after
" -^ noon and all indications point to
a successful financial issue of the
entertainment. In addition to the musi
cal ar.d other features of the programme
tbe ladies of the Red Cross will serve a
<lainty luncheon to all those who attend.
The price of tickets is 50 cents, and the
rroceeds will be devoted to supplying
comforts and necessaries to sick and dis
abled soldiers and sailors. ,
One of the most attractive numbers on
the programme will be the appearance of
the Knickerbocker Quartet, which will
render several selections of popular and
patriotic music. The quartet has ap
peared so often before the San Francisco
music-loving public that an introduction
is hardly necessary. Its members are
well-known church and concert singers,
and individually and collectively are sure
to please.
Outside members; of the Red Cross are
earnestly requested to attend. Mrs. Hen
ry Payot will be present at the ferry
building early to supply badges to all who
are entitled to them. The hospitality
committee will be at the ferry from i9
General Long will be the guest of honor
a i the function and will be presented with
a Red Cross pin by the members, who
wish to show their appreciation for the
many favors extended the organization by
General Long during his term as chief of
the local transport service.
Overture, ""William Tell" (Rossini); waltzes
"The Presidio" (respectfully Inscribed to the
ladl*-s of the post by A. Putz); intermezzo,
"Salome" (Lorraine); selection, "Musical Tour
Through Europe" (Conradl); "The Star-
Spanrled Banner." '
Armand Putz. chief musician.
INTERMISSION.
o'clock this morning to receive donations
of food for the luncheon.'
The following musical programme will
be rendered by the Third Artillery Corps
Band of the Presidio:
March, "On Duty" (Rosey); overture, "Ls
Caid" (Ambrose Thomas); Russian mazurka,
"La Czarine" (Cannes); selection, "Florodora"
(Stuart): popular two-step, "He Laid Away a
Suit of Gray" (Jensen).
SAN JOSE, March 14.— Henry C. Mar
tin, who conducts a stationery store at
196 South First street, fell a victim to a
trio of thieves this morning, who emptied
his till, taking $20, all there was in it.
Soon after Martin opened the store this
morning a man entered and purchased a
writing pad, tendering a $20 piece in pay
ment. . Martin gave him the requisite
change, placing the gold piece in the till.
A little later two confederates of the man
came along. One took Martin to a show
window to point out a book that he
wanted. While doing so customer No. 1
returned and entered the store. The third
of the trio then appeared and called Mar
tin out to the edge of . the sidewalk to
ask him the location of some business
house. During this time No. 1 robbed
the. till. When Martin entered the store
he saw the man coming from behind the
counter and when asked what he was do
ing there he said he was looking for a
paper. All three men then left the store
and when Martin went to the till he found
it empty. The police were notified, but
the men were not caueht.
While His Attention Is
Diverted."* *
San Jose Storekeeper's Till Robbed
PAULS AN EASY VICTIM
TO A TRIO OF THIEVES
Thompson Is staying at a private sani
tarium on the Alameda, : between Santa
Clara and San Jose. ¦
Thompson arrived here last September
from Chicago, in company with R. P.
Cross of the Chicago firm of Patterson &
Cross, fruit brokers. For a time they
were engaged in putting up prunes in
one-pound packages for shipment Cast.
After a few weeks Cross refused to longer
employ Thompson and the latter went to
Los Angeles. He remained there until a
few weeks ago. Since coming here he has
been in a private sanitarium. While in
Los Angeles he was in a private sanita
rium, which he was induced to enter by
his brother, Payson Thompson, a real es
tate dealer at 47 Borden block, corner
Dearborn and Randolph streets, Chicago.
Thompson's attempt to gain admission
to the. asylum here to-day was due, he
says, to the fact that he had made 'up his
mind that if he were to be hunted wher
ever he went and confined in asylums
where he was Inhumanly treated he would
seek a place that he liked and ask to be
admitted. 0
Thompson says his people In Chicago
keep him supplied with funds. He has
{400 on deposit in a Los Angeles bank and
$100 in San Jose. He had considerable
money with him to-day and offered to pay
liberally any person who would swear to
a complaint charging him with Insanity,
In order that he mlght.be entered as a pa
tient - at Agnews. The young man Is a
good looking, Btrongly built fellow and is
dressed In comfortable, well-flttlngr gar
ments. As he walked away after telling
his story, he remarked: "well, I suppose
I would better keep on wandering over
the world with this dead weight of insan
ity hampering me at every step. Wher
ever I go it is impossible for me to escape
for any length of time the influence that
is making my life unbearable."
After his discharge from Flint he was
placed in* various private --asylums, where,
he alleges, he was treated inhumanly. His
feet were scalded, he was beaten by bru
tal guards and tied in a bed for three
days without attention of any sort. He
says that the treatment he received was
enough to make, a man crazy, though he
.were as wise as Solomon. He went from
one to another ¦ of these private institu
tions until he came to California.
Thompson says that his- mother and
Mrs. Levi Letter are sisters. His troubles
began when his cousin, . Joseph Letter,
made his famous deal in wheat on Decem
ber 3, 1897. Thompson was aware of the
plans of young Leiter and Interfered by
disclosing information which caused Let
ter's ruin. In retaliation, he alleges, he
was forcibly taken and conveyed to the
insane asylum in Kankakee, 111., where
he remained six and a half months. Hav- 1
ing. as he claims, convinced the managers
of the asylum that he was entitled to
freedom; he was sent to another asylum
at Dearborn, Mich. Later he was re
turned to Kankakee for, two months. He
was then sent to an asylum In Flint, Gen
essee County, -Mich., where he was exam
ined and declared to be sane. Thompson
frankly admits that he previously had
been declared insane by four physicians
and numerous asylum managers. > ;
SANTA CLARA, March 14.- Watta
Thompson, who claims to be a nephew of
Millionaire Leiter.jof Chicago, to-day ap
plied for admission to the State Hospital
for the insane at Agnews. His application
was refused. . •¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EAGER TO ENTER
AGNEWS ASYLUM
G. C. Collins of the lumber firm of Hig
gins & Collins of San Francisco was here
to-uay trying to arrange a settlement with
a number of Marston's creditors. It is
understood Marston agrees to pay ail
claims if the bills are accounted 25 per
cent. It is understood 75 per cent will be
paid at once if the creditors agree to ac
cept it. If they do not accept, they will
have to await the outcome of the More
house suit against Marston. ¦ Collins is
said to have seen creditors representing
$14,000 in claims. Some have agreed to the
terms, while others want time to consider.
SAN JQSE, March 14.— After several
years' anxiety, the creditors of Paul Mar
ston, who for a time was considered on^
of the "swiftest" young men of San Jose,
have been approached by an agent of the
latter with a view of effecting a settle
ment of 'their claims. Marston ia now liv
ing m San Francisco.
Borne years ago while Marston was yet
in his minority his grandmother died in
Maine, leaving him a fortune of about
$400,000. Litigation arose over the-prop
erty and Attorney H. V. Morehouse was
engaged by Marston as counsel. More
house won the suit, and then brought an
action against Marston for his fee, .tying
up the estate. :. •
The tying up of the estate brought a
financial crash in the Marstons' domain.
Creditors attached the furniture and cart
ed it away. Many suits were brought and
attorneys were sent back to Maine to see
if Marston's estate could not be • levied
upon, but Morehouse had got ahead of
them. - ¦ •¦ J- '¦ ¦
Seventy-Five Per Cent of
His Debts.
Former San Josean Willing to Pay
PAUL MABSTON MAKES
OFFER TO CREDITORS
A Deputy Sheriff arrested Brown Dorns,
an Indian, who was known to have been
in love with the squaw. It is believed he
may have followed the ancient supersti
tion and revenged her death. He protests
innocence and charges the crime to Big
Mouth Charlie. The Indians will give no
assistance to the officers and no testimony
which can be relied upon. They believe
justice was done.
REDDING, March 14.— Alturas and the
large Indian.rancheria near that town are
aroused over a murder that took place' at
the rancheria on Tuesday. The" Indians
are attempting to shield the murderer,
because he shot down a - medicine man
whose patient had died, which is in •ac
cordance with Indian tradition. A squaw
had been sick for some weeks. George
Harris, an Indian giant, who possessed
all' the beads and tokens ,and kuew the
incantations of the ancient medicine man,
undertook to cure" v her. In spite of heroic
treatment in the shape of dancing, and
walling she died. ; \
Hams on Tuesday was shot to death
from ambush. It is sid that white men
had to go out to care for the body. His
friends had vanished with the death ot
his patient.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Native Doctor's Failure to
Cure Sick Squaw Leads
to His Death. •
Tragedy Occurs "at the
Indian Ranch eria Near
Alturas.
AVENGER KILLS
MEDICINE MAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAECH 15, 1902.
Instrumental and Vocal Music and Addresses Will
Constitute Afternoon Programme. .
RED CROSS ENTERTAINMENT
GIVES PROMISE OF SUCCESS
MEMBERS OF KNICKERBOCK
ER QUARTET WHO WILE
SING AT RED CR0|3 RALLY.
3
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears'
* Soap?
6old«novert3Kiroild. I
Ode to SL PatricK, by Edwin MarKham.
Washington Society as I Found It, *
by Mrs. Chauncey M. Dcpew.
Can You Describe Yovr Best. Friend So
that the Police Would Know Him?
How to Train Animals, by C L Norris.
Watch Pat and Heiny in New Adventures.
Latin-Quarter Characters.
Spring Shirt Waists for the Up-to-Date
;V;vv Woman.
THE TUB
SUNDAY . TIT if Ml C?* • «_ ... SUNDAY,
call Bead the Wollville Stories by Alfred call
LEADS ««„-» f«^S- LEADS
them all nenry Lewis. them all
ly~'-..' 'f Ono may sail the seas and visit every land and everywhere will find, jjj j&\ \ \ \ i\
/'-X'^;7:/ that men of affairs, who are well informed, have neither the time ly '0k \ V \ l\
'¦•• / nor tho inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to use those If &|\ [ \ \ \ \ \ \
/ mcdicbies which cause excessive purgation and then leave the internal |J lflf\ \ \ \ \ \
/ organs in a constipated condition. Syrup of Figs 13 not built on those U f V^sV-. \ \ \ * \ \
/ lines. It acts naturally, acts effectively, cleanses, sweetens and strengthens | j \ \ \ • \ v
...... ./ "the Internal organs and Ieave3 them in a healthy condition. j • '<;^r|v.y.':\ \ \ \ \
' / , if In need of a laxative remedy the most excellent is Syrup of Figs, but j j t^v^'^-V.. \ V \
/ when anything more than a laxatiTe is required the safe and scientific plan I j V'!i.\ \ \
.7 '/¦ is to coiisulfc a competent physician and not to reso^rt to those medicines I \ V;. \ 1 \/- 'j\ \ \
';. / which claim to cure all manner of diseases. , I : ?J^i^*j^»^^iJ^5m^ >^\
•>•/"•'••/ ' The California Tig Syrup Co. was the first to manufacture a laxative remedy I \ ISfMM^^uW^^^^^^p^
0*if4l which would give satisfaction to all; a laxative which physicians could 1 : \ W^^"-^^ 1^^®^*
: tyfy'M sanction and one friend recommend to another ; so that today its sales probably I \ \ ¥"" :. \ 1 \
•¦¦.'.'/ / exceed all other laxatives combined. In some places considerable quantities of I \ >/ \ \ \ \
j- 'old-time cathartics and modern imitations are still sold, but with the general \ \ 'j \ A«*T**"tT***
J diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has come 1\ \ / .-'.•'"'C* \ ' ' 1 \
. ' I into general use with the well-informed, beeauso it is a remedy of known value rv. \ / >«*""\** V \ •. \
• % , ' I . and ever bcneCcial action. l\ •. 'yST ; \ » \
¦^ ; The quality of Sj-rup of Figs i3 due not only to the excellent combination of rV>V* *\A \ * \ \
y-iJ tho laxative and carminative principles of plants, known to act most beneficially La'.-"'.\.A \ \ \ \
5J*"4 on the system, with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids, but also to the iX^V/'-*. .. \ \ \ \
' 'Vi orginal method of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and its beneficial I— -^•//CV •"•"'• \A. \ \ \
effects one should always note the full name of the Company— California Fig | V/.' .'..'.'! *.'. .'*''.**.''. '-. -\_»^— '
Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package. , I — ' V%^/v';;i;".'.V;v\p^^The members of the San Francisco Fly-
, casting Club will meet at Stow Lake this
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock to take part in
their regular competition. They will
[ meet at the same place to-morrow morn
ing. WWMi
Kod-Wielders in Competition.
Thomas Coursey pleaded . guilty to a
charge of burglary in Judge Cook's court
yesterday and was ordered to appear for
sentence March 22. . He broke into W. H.
Larkin's saloon at 19 Natoma street on
the morning of January IS and was caught
In the place.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary. ,
Chief Deputy Vogelsang ' of the 'Fish
Commission reports that Paul Haagen, a
San Jose fish dealer, has been fined $200
by Judge Loriean for selling salmon dur
ing the close«3easonv The offense was
committed early in September of last
year, but" a settlement of tlie matter has
been delayed until now through litigation
Game Law Violator Is -Punished.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Nora O'Laverty of Los Angeles was
not entitled to the land deeded to her by
Mrs. Julia Collins a few days previous to
the latter's death. Thomas J. Collins, ad
ministrator, of the deceased's estate,
brought suit against Mrs. O'Laverty to
recover^ the property, practically alleging
In the complaint that the deed had been
secured fraudulently. The lower court
upheld his claim and the Supreme Court
now affirms that decision.
Must Relinquish Title to Land.
William A. Cubery, a member^ of the
Merchants' Association, yesterday sent a
communication to Frank ; J. Syramesy
president of the organization, asking that
the regular quarterly meetings be held. as
required by a section of the association's
constitution". Secretary King states that
the meetings have been discontinued be
cause business requiring an expression ;'of
opinion' oil the part of the members can
be conducted with greater facility by
menas of a postal card vote. . Cubery's
-. ¦ - • ¦ .-; . .-•..;
Wants Meetings Held B*gularly.
suggestion, however, will be, given due
consideration at the first meeting of tne
board of directors of the association.
W. Williams and D. Connelly vs. P R v *n
and M. Joyce; E. Maloney and P. Hutchlnaon
vs. W. Kelly and P Kelly; F. Smith ind"
Fairbanks vs. W. Johnson and G. Green- T
McNamara and W. Cumminss vs. T Finn *an-i
T. Sweeny: T. Serres and E. White vs J
Glynn and A. Whiteman; A. Pennoyer and G
HutcUnson vs. M. Dillon and T. McManua-
R. Murphy and E. Curler v,. J. Ri£dS? «"j
J. -Harlow: J. White and W. Maxuire va J
Collins and T. Leach: J. C. Nealon and &
Llnehan va. J. Fitzgerald and M. J. Kllgallon!
Tho handball matches in San Francisco
Court to-morrow wili be between the fol
lowing players:
Handball Hatches.
The United States Civil Service Cpm
xcirsion announces that examinations will
be held in San Francisco and other hh*>k
lor the following positions: ' Ma>ch 24 r;
l^-Inspector of hulls. Philippine service 1
salary $2000 per annum: age limit 18 to 40
ytars.-.- -April 8. 1902-Medical clerk and
translator. Bureau of Animal Industry
Department of Agriculture; salary $720 oer
annum; age limit 20 years or over. Porno-
Ugical clerk (male). Bureau of Plant In
QlS.^' department of Agriculture; salary
J12O0 per annum. Inspector of boilers
rteamboat inspection service; salary SlSfX)
l.-ef annum; age limit 25 to 53 years Per
eons who desire to compete should at
oncfc apply either to the United States
Civil Secyice Commission, Washington D
C. or to the secretary of the local bo'ard
of examiners, Ptostofflce, for necessary
application forms, which should be exe
cuted and filed with the commission. Ap
plication for Inspector of boilers must b»
filed by April 12 and for the other exam
inations in time to ship the necessary
Examination papers from Washington-
Civil Service Examinations.
The members of the Union Gun Club
will hold their regular monthly bluerock
shoot to-morrow at Ingleside grounds.
"Will Smash Bluerocks.
Ah Jim, who Bays his true name is
Chuey Dip, was held to answer before the
Superior Court yesterday by Judge Mo
gan on a charge of murder. . In the after
noon of February 11 he shot and killed
Chung How at Washington street and
Ross alley and was pursued and captured
by Sergeant Conboy.
Alfred Kenny and William Connolly
were held to answer by Judge Mogan on
a charge of burglary. They ar% accused
of breaking into a stable at 36 Lapidge
street March 1 and stealing a horse, wag
on and harness belonging to William Kil
patrick. They were in- addition sen
tenced to sixty days' imprisonment each
for having burglars' tools in their posses
sion and thirty days for cruelty to ani
mars. They are about 19 years of age
but have been in trouble before. * '
fred Kenny and W. Connolly
for Burglary.
Ah Ji^n Is Held for Murder and Al-
PJIISONEBS TO STAND
TB.IAL IET TJPPEB, COURT
Alameda Boat Club's Opening Day.
i^auies aay ana opening day of the
Alameda Boat Club will be held in April
The following have, been appointed a
committee to make the necessary^ ar
rangements: Captain Z. T. Thornin>
Lieutenant Captain H. E. Nelson? Fw'
Ayers E. B. Thorning and Sydney Pol
it i * WO new raemb ers were elected at
the last meeting-F. A. Nott and Fr^d
R. Brown, the latter formerly of The
Stockton Athletic Club.
Blue and Gold Team Meets Card Stanford and
Then Goes East to Conquer.
J^ VER at Berkeley oval Alfred ,W. Plaw, a youth of Fal-
J J staffla*i proportions, is \ practicing daily against the time
V-r he will be called upon to meet the ' greatest athletes of
the East on the field. ': '¦¦•¦¦»•¦¦ : ;
His specialty, is "hammer-throwing," of which, a great deal
Is heard in these strenuous times. This ; student of the Uni
versity of California gives promise of beating the world, at the
game. He learned the art *from "Tom" Carroll of Frultvale,
who holds all the world's professional records. When any one
displaces a record credited, to Carroll he. goes out> and estab
lishes a new one.
Plaw in street attire or even in the abbreviated costume of
the athlete* would never be picked but for a strong man. . His
muscles of steel are concealed from view, but they are imme
diately below the surface, ready for action. .Just now Plaw
is doing a lot of work to make up for time lost during the
rainy season. ? -- ".
He considers one hundred trials with the hammer' a day's
practice. He does not exert himself each time, but hurls the
sixteen-pound affair an average distance' of 125 feet.., .Some
times he sends it twenty-five feet farther, just to show that he
can d*> it' Some weeks since he let ; out an extra link and
sent the hammer the extraordinary distance of 187 feet 4
inches. John Flanagan's world's .record is 171 feet 1 5 " inches.
The intercollegiate record of 154 feet 4% inches Is .held by Plaw.
This shows his remarkable improvement since last season.
He is still on the" up grade and it is futile to predict the
mark he' will finally set. He has/remarkable control of the
unwieldy implement, being able to place it on any part of the
field. ... .;' . :Y ; .,..:., .. "'•{¦ ;{.::, ;/>.; ¦
Trainer Christie has been coaching him at this.: ' : £i? • •
"Throw.it here,"he shouts, and a moment later the big
ball comes hurtling toward him. He has to move quickly to
avoid being struck. . . ¦ V
Plaw retrieves the hammer, thus getting a fair amount of
walking exercise duririg the ; time i allotted - for- his practice.
At present he is using the baseball field, that being the only
suitable piece of ground : for the work.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 14.— Continued rainy
weather: for the past month has so hampered work on both
the diamond and track that the Stanford athletes are far be
hind the form they should be in at tfiis season of the year.
With the first intercollegiate baseball game but three weeks
off, the varsity team has shown itself an easy mark for the
Santa Clara College players on three different occasions, and
anything but varsity ball is being played. At present the nine
men playing on the team are not showing theform at the bat
they were earlier in the season. What promised to be a heavy
hitting aggregation is retrograding into a mediocre bunch.
. The. personnel of the .Infield' is far from being settled. Mc-
Gilvray seems to have von the position behind the bat. He
has a good arm for base-throwingr, but is not; a sure catcher.
In the box McFarland, Parker, Frltch and Rowland have been
given, a chance to show their ability and there seems little
choice among them. All of them pitch a fair game, *but Mc-
Farlahd and Parker seem." in the lead. Brown on third and
Captain Cowden at second are the only old varsity men on the
infield, excepting Parker, who was varsity pitcher last season.
Crawford at shortstop plays his position well, although it is
a new one to him. The principal difficulty which Coach Swin
dells has met with is the . securing of a good first-base man.
At present Blake is showing the best form of any of the can
didates, but he is new at the position and his work is uncer
tain. ¦ Lowenthal, Capp and Knight apparently have cinched
the field positions.
Trainer "Dad" -Moulton held a preliminary try-out of the
track athletes yesterday and was well satisfied with the form
displayed by the men. The first track meet on the campus
oval • will be held on March 22 between the sophomore team
and the Ukiah High School athletes. The '04 team Is consid
ered the strongest team In college and should win the contest.
On Junior Class day, March 28, the annual , interclass field day
will be held, at which-a chance will be given to get a line on
varsity possibilities.
THIS ROTUND YOUNG MAN IS NOT PRACTICING DELSARTE, NOR IS HE STUDYING THE ARTS OF ORATORY.
THIS IS ALFRED W. PLAW, THE MOST WONDERFUL HAMMER-THROWER IN THE WORLD— AND THAT
IS SAYING A GREAT DEAL. THE PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS HIM JUST AFTER HE HAS RELEASED THE
, PARTICULAR KIND OF "HAMMER" HE WIELDS.
Members of the Various Clubs Aro
Already Showing Activity '
on the Bay.
The members of the South End Rowing
Club are displaying a good deal of In- ,
terest all this time; many going to thW
clubhouse every Sunday and all the boats
being in demand on fine Sundays. Dr. C.
C. Dennis takes a spin along the wat~r
front in an outrigg^d skiff two or threo
times a week.
» Despite the discouraging fact that th?y
have had no club quarters for some time,
the members of the Ariel Bowing Club
have kept together and, as soon as the
consent of Chief "Wharfinger Percy Hen
derson is obtained, are ready to renew
work on their clubhouse. E. J. Lyncn,
as a representative of the club, recently
appeared before the Board of Harbor
Commissioners, who confirmed the grar.t
of a site for a culbhouse and assured t&a
club it might commence the work of con
struction at once. The members aro
much pleased with the new location end
are already displaying considerable ac
tivity. A junior and an intermediate
barge crew have been mada up and will
begin practice at an early day. The
junior barge crew consists of William
McKee, bow; E. Bryant, No. 2; Matt
Brady, No. 3; H. Luhrsen, stroke, and
Roy West, cockswain. The intermediate
barge crew ia made up of Charles Wil
son, bow.iE. J. Lynch, No. 2; Ed Smith,
No. 3; William Keegan, stroke, and#Eddie
Hanlon, cockswain. The plans for the
new boathouse have been prepared by
Architect R. D. Collins, who is a member]
of the Ariel Club. The house will cosA
about $3000 and will be- culte the han.'l 1
somest boatbouse on the Pacific CoasrV
During the past year that the club ha*
had no quarters several of the members
have devoted much attention to boxing,
among them being Harry Foley, Eddie
Hanlon and Teddy Wolfe, who are well
known all over the Pacific Coast. The
club has decided to hold an amateur box
ins tournament at Woodward's Pavilion,
the profits to be added to the fund for
building the new house. At the last
meeting of the Ariels James Wilson was
appointed matchmaker. Harry Foley
referee and James Wilson, Ed Smith,
and Henry Wilson, with E. J. Lynch as
chairman, were appointed a committee to
take charge of the tournament.
The meeting of the Alameda. Boat Club
i on Tuesday night was a record one.
forty-six members being present. Eight
applications for membership were re
ceived. It was decided to limit the num
ber of members to 100.
President Charles H. Smith. Secretary
W. B. Hinchman and Treasurer A. G.
Bell were appointed a committee to at
tend the next mcetinjr of the board of
Trade of Oakland, with the view of
ascertaining whether or not a public
celebration will be held In the city on
Independence day and whether a re
gatta will form part of it. If the city
will provide funds for a rowing resatta
it is intended to set to work upon It in
good time and endeavor to excite as
great an interest in it as possible.
The annual meeting and election of offi
cers of the Olympic Boat Club was helcl
on Monday, March 3, the regular ticket
being elected without change. The foN
lowing are the directors — C. Brandenstein',
A. Bruman, L. V. Starr, C. W. Dobie, S.
J. Pembroke and J. E. Dawson.
OARSME1I ABE PBACTICING
IN SKIFF AND BARGE
Pole vault— Lang, C. S. M. A.; Monson. B.
H. S. ; Hume, B. H. S. ; Burpee O. H. S ¦
Hatch. O. H. S. : Dyer, o! H. S.
Broad Jump — Mageretadt, C. S. M A •
Ward C 6 MA.; Mlddleton, L. H. S.; Vos
BuiTh. L. H. S; Brock. B. H. S.; Chaplin.
o: U: #.vi£SS£ 0l S?&.i- H - s - : Melvin -
Shot put — Cavanau^h. C. S. M. A - Mac.
Xichol. C S M. A * Laumetat"; mI'h. S ¦
Marton. L. H. S.; De Mamiel. L. Hi S -
Wrampeimeier. B. H. S.; Lundy o H «?'•
Cooper, O. H. S.; Backus, O. H S "
High Jump — Magerstadt. C. S II A • A.Ijlttih
L. H. 8 : Hickey. B. H*. S . TMonsiW B^1 '
S.; Chaplin. B. H. S.; Melvin OH s •
Hinds. O. H. S.; Hatch. O. U. S "
Hammer throw — Blakemore B. H S • Mm-
220- yard hurdles— First heat: Dyer. O. H.
S.; Posey, B. H. S. Second • heat : Warren,
B. H. S.: Hume. B. H. S.: HaT>er. L. H. S.
220- yard dash — First heat: Wllcox, O. H.
S. ; Siegel. M. H. S. ; Lang, C. S. 11. A. ;
Ewartz, L. B. S.; second heat. . Baldwin, O H
8.; Cosgrove. 'M. H. S. ; Beck, C. S. M. A.;
Abbott, L. H. S. ; H. Blackmore, B. H. S
Mile run — Champreux. C. 6. M. A.- 'Mac-
Nichol. C. S. M. A.; Laumeister. M'H S
l>e Mamiel, L. H. S.: Wrampelmeier b" H.
S. ; Lundy. O. H. S. ; Cooper, C. H. S. : Back
us. O.*H. S.
100-yard dash— First heat: Wilcox, O. H.
6.; Button. C. S. M. A.; Uiddleton. U H. S.;
Eieffel. M. H. S. Second heat: Stanley. B. H.
S-: Beck, C. S. M. A.: Siebenhauer,* L. H. S.;
Josephson, JU H. S.; Cosgxove, M. H. S.
120-yard hui die— First heat: Chaplin. B. H.
6. : Dyer. O. H. S. : Posey. B. H. S. Second
heat : Melvin, O. H. S. ; "Wiuren. . B. H. S.
440-yard daah— Lang. C. S. M. A.; Lamont.
M. H. S.; Murphy, M. H. S.: Morse, L. H. S.;
Montgomery. L. H. S^; Brock.- B. a. S. ;
Ki-uee, B. H. S.j EUeeJian. O. H. . S-; .Walker.
O. H. 6. . - • • -
SSy-yard ran— GiD3cn. CV S. M.' A'.; 'Berts, C.
B. M. A.; Laumeister. M. II. S. ; Bowley, M. H.
6. : Tatczn. L* H. r S.; Hontzomtrry, L.. H. S.;
Hazel I. L. H. fc.; Kreuler. B. H. S.; Wram
jielroeier. B. H. 6. ; Coyne, O. H. S.
Two-mile- run — Ward, C. S. M. A.; Bowley,
M. H. S.; De MamH L. H. S.; Gibson,. L. H.
S.; Hkrkey. B. H. S.; Backus. O. H. S.; Sulli
van, O. H. S. ; Lundy, O. H. &.; Loughborough,
B. H. S.
50- yard dash — First heat: Stanley, B. H. S. ;
Vos Burgh, i*. R. S.; Suartz, L. H. S. ; Tay
lor. C. S. M. A. • Second heat: Hughes, O. H.
S.; Miudletoa. L. H. S.; Button. C. S. M. A.
The Bay Counties Athletic League, con
tisting of high schools from the counties
bordering on San Francisco Bay, will
h«;ld its annual field day on the Univer
tity of California cinder path this after
noon. Athletes from the following
fccfcocls will compete in the games; Berke
ley High School. California School of Me
chanical Arts, Mission High School. Low
tU High School and Oakland High School.
The following are the entries:
Schools Will Take Part in
Annual Competition.
Representatives of the Various High
YCTJNG ATHLETES TO MEET
ON BERKELEY OVAL
Stanford has at last hit upon a good
plan of choosing her men for the intercol
legiate matches. A round- robin tourna
ment will be held, from which all team
players of previous years will be excused.
The three men winning the greatest
number of points in these preliminary
matches will be pitted against the team
men of the previous year. Harry Wlehe
is the only man at Stanford who has
played in an Intercollegiate match, and he
is sure of getting a place. The men who
will try for the other two places are
Hooper, Moore, Baker and the Lieb broth
ers. Wlehe has a chance of winning his
match in singles. It is doubtful if he and
any partner he can get can win the
doubles. The other singles match is sure
to go to California. On the whole, Stan
ford's chances this year are not good, but
tennis is an uncertain game, in which the
unexpected often happens.
The handicap singles tournament for
juveniles, held on the Golden Gate Park
courts, are proving popular among the
boys. In the last event of this kind there
were sixteen entries, and some good
matches resulted. A large tournament of
this kind Is being planned for week after
next. The schools will be closed and a
great number of boys will undoubtedly
take part. An enthusiast has offered a
racket as first prize.
Dr. Sumner Hardy Is out practicing al
most every evening now and is fast re
gaining his old form. His brother Sam
made his reappearance on the courts on
Tuesday, but was out of practice and
proved easy prey for Sumner. It is doubt
ful if. either will take part in any cham
pionship events.
Judge Lambkin, a crack player from
Woodland, visited the courts during the
week. The Judge is of the opinion that
the Sacramento, tournament this year
will be the largest and most important
ever held in that part of the State
The University of California will hold
its doubles tryout on the college courts
to-day. It was set for last Saturday, but
had to be postponed on account of rain.
The opposing, teams will be Drummond
MacGavin and Fred Brown, Reuben Hunt
and George Baker. The latter have won
several practice matches from their op
ponents recently and are therefore strong
favorites. MacGavin is easily the best
doubles player in college. Brown, al
though a good man in singles, does not
play at all well in doubles. Hunt and
MacGavin would probably make the
strongest combination. The latter, on ac
count of his superiority in this form of
play, should be conceded a place on the
doubles team.
There will probably be eight or ten
teams take part to-morrow, and unless
Handicapped out of it one of the two
leading teams should win the tournament.
Should Collier and Crowell and the
Smith brothers come together to-morrow
the latter will again receive odds of "half
fifteen." With these odds they won thei
last tournament but by a small margin.
The brothers are entitled to a small
handicap, as Chet Smith is a class below
the other three men.
Cups. These trophies .have been up
for two years and a half, and it begins to
look as if they might finally be disposed
of/ That they wiil go to either the Smith
brothers or Collier and Crowell is almost
a certainty. These two teams have each
won the cups three times, and as there is
no team with its name on the cups once
now in existence one of the two former
teams is almost sure to win them perma
nently. The club members are all desirous
of having the cups disposed of, but do
not seem to favor the plan of letting the
two leading teams play a series of
matches for 'them.
rr^HERE will be a handicap doubles
3 tennis tournament on the California
* Club courts to-morrow for the Davis
to Dispose of
Trophies.
Tennis Players Unable
STILL AFTER
DAVIS' CUPS
There will be coursing at Stockton
every Sunday until May 1, when the field
will be- given over to the baseball people.
Coursing will be resumed again about Oc
tober 1. ;•'<
George MacE. Malcom's fast young
greyhound Aeolus is in the hospital un
dergoing treatment • for , an injured leg.
If he recovers entirely he will be sent
East to try for the American Waterloo
cup next fall. . . -<.
Dr. F. P. Clark, a coursing enthusiast
of Stockton, was in the city on Wednes
day. Dr. Clark owns Phosphorous and a
number .of other young greyhounds of
promise. He also owns Royal Anne, once
a well known performer heoe.
Palo Alto has recovered from his recent
injuries, but will not be seen in competi
tion for two months yet.
P. J. Rellly has sold Royal Union to a
Los Angeles coursing man. The black
dog should win his share of the prizes
now being offered in the south. :
James Dean's black dog, Cpnnemara,
once the idol of the followers of coursing,
has been lost. While being exercised
some time since he mysteriously disap
peared and no trace of his whereabouts
can be found. It is supposed he was
picked up by some one and is kept under
restraint. "Con" has seen his best days
en the field. ,
"Dr." Rike's promising puppy by For
Freedom-Nancy R-, was killed by a train
at Baden some days since. The dog was
ten months old and weighed sixty pounds.
He was considered one of the best "pros
pects" on the coast.
L. F. and T. W. Bartels of Denver will
send six dogs to Texas from their Colo
rado kennels.
William McCaffrey left for St. Louis on
Thursday with the string of greyhounds
D. J. Healey of Petaluma sold to Ralph
Orthwein. McCaffrey will continue as
head trainer. After a brief stop in St.
Louis he will go to Texas for the im
portant meetings to be held there,
tiisquoc is the star of the kennel and is
expected to .render a good account of
himself.
This spread of the sport of the leash
throughout the country must redound to
the benefit of the men interested
in it here. Inclosed coursing has
reached its highest development
in this State. The greyhounds have
for several years been bred on the most
fashionable lines, being fortified with the
best blood in England. It is to the Cali
fornia breeders the men of Texas and the
Middle West must come when they wish
to secure greyhounds which can win in
any company. They will be impressed
with this idea after the showing tne Cali
fornia dogs will make in the fortneoming
campaign.
J. Li Ross will leave here for Texas on
Tuesday with Fontenoy and Game Boy,
from his own kennel, and several repre
sentatives from the kennel of J. H. Ros
seter. He may also take George Mal
com's Fine Fire. "Tommy" Murname. a
clever little handler of greyhounds, will
accompany Mr. Ross.
It is reported Beacon and Rector may
represent the Curtis kennel in Texas.
NEVER in the history of coursing in
America has that sport been so
prominently before the public as it
is to-day. Throughout the East and Mid
dle West many meetings have been pro
jected and valuable prizes ¦
In the matter of prizes the Interurban
Coursing Club of Sherman, Tex., takes
the lead. Its president, Cecil A. Lyon,
has announced a sixteen dog stake
for May IS, with $1100 to the winner and
5500 for the runner-up. As the entry fee
is $100 the coursing men are running for
their own money, the cl^b adding noth
ing. On May 30. and June 1 the club will
promote a special stake, in which the
wiriner will receive $250; runner-up $150,
and third $60.
Meetings Are Being Held
Throughout the
Country.
LEASHMEN SEE
SPORT EXPAND
The selection of a judge for the grey
hound section is still in abeyance. The
matter rests solely with the California
coursing committee. The members will
announce their selection when they have
secured the man fehom they think will fill
the position acceptably.
The Cresceus cup, offered by George H.
Ketcham, has been offered for competi
tion for tho best four of any breed owned
by one exhibitor. This wiil be judged the
first night of the show, all the judges of
ficiating as a jury. In addition to the cup
there will be second and third prizes.
There will also be a sweepstake for the
test brace of any one breed. The prizes
will be divided 50, SO and 20 per cent.
Dr. G. W. Clayton of Chicago will judge
the remaining breeds not otherwise pro
vided for.
John Davidson of Monroe, Mich., will
judge hounds, pointers, setters, mastiffs.
Great Danes, Irish water spaniels and
tJaimatians.
The artists have promised some unicjue
posters. These will perform the double
duty of attracting attention to the show
anfl also swelling the receipts, which wili
be devoted to several deserving charities.
Major J. L. Rathbone, who is known as
a patron of all high ciass sports of the
lieid, has consented to judge the competi
tion between the various packs of fox
hounds, which will be one of the features
of the show. It is possible he will be as
sisted by a Jury made up of well-known
sportsmen. The prise in this class w.ll
be the trophy offered by President Redel-
Eheimer of the Pacific Kennel League.
Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul, w*ll judge
the Oriental breeds at the exhibition.
These will include Japanese. Pekinese,
sleeve dogs and chows. The Consul will
lend light and color to the affair when he
appears in the judging ring to pass upon
the merits of the various dogs.
The president's cup, offered by A. B.
Spreckels, will be competed for by the
greyhound diviFtan. The entries are ex-
I,e<. tetf to exceeif those of any similar ex
hibition ever held, either in America or
Kngland, the home of the greyhound. The
quality whl'be in keeping with the extent
of the exhibit. In addition to the presi
dent's cup the management has also as
signed to the greyhound section the silver
tup offered by John G. Kent, president of
the Canadian Kennel Club. This will be
awarded-the best greyhound in the show
of opposite sex to the winner of the presi
dent's cup.
G. M. Carnochan of New York will
judge fox terriers. It is expected there
will be special judges of St. Bernards and
collies.
The lady patronesses wiil meet during
the last week of the month, when it is
purposed to invite a sufficient number eft
ladies to increase the list to one hundred.*
forthcoming' sh<*w as an assured
success. The list of patronesses has been
increased by the addition of the following
names: Mrs. William H. Crocker. Prin
cess Poniatowski. Mrs. William H. Tay
lor. Mrs. William Alvord, Mrs. Robert
Bruce. Mrs. A. N. Drown. Mrs. W. R.
Smedberg. Mrs. Harry Babcock, Mrs.
Phebe A. Hearst and Mrs. Lawrence
Poole.
WITH the co-operation of the ladles
the directors of the San Francisco
Kennel Club look forward to the
challenger which was successiully
launched last Saturday afternoon in the
presence of a large number of the best
known yachtsmen of the bay. The work -
is not yet complete, but the oiling ar.d^.
varnishing of the spars and other mat 3 *,
ters will be done next week. To-morrow
the sails w»U be bent on and the members
of the San Francisco Yacht Club will
muster in force at the clubhouse to see
the challenger under way for the first
time. The committee which was appoint
ed by ex-Commodore W. N. McCarthy to
collect subscriptions for the building of a
challenger ha3 now accomplished its
work, having not only collected the neces
sary amount of money, but having gene
on and built the boat. The duties of thy
committee have been fulfilled and its
powers cease. A meeting of yacht owners
yrlll be held to-morrow at the clubhouse
at Sausalito, when it will be decided Into
whose hands the management of the cup
challenger shall pass. A committee will
be appointed to take charge of the craft,
select the crew and control their practice
cruises. V- *•-'?'
Among the yachtsmen who were gath
ered on the Fulsonf-street wharf last Sat
urday to witness the launching of the
challenger the opinion that the ooat will
prove speedy seemed universal. The only
dov.bt ielt is as to whether her great tpr
ward overhang will not cause her t.»
pound in a heavy short sea, such as is
cften encountered in the bay during thu
prevalence of the strong summer winds.
Among the spectators were many Cor
inthians, including Commodore E. F. Sa
ger, ex-Commodores J. W. Pew, II. D.
Hawks and T. F. Tracy, E. B. Learning,
E. Howard, Jack Short. W. Fisher. Orio
Ea.stwood and J. V. O'Brien, who fully^
expect the challenger will win the Per-*
petual cup. There was a large attend
ance of members of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, among them being ex-Commo
dcres C. H. Harrison, Isidor Gutte. W.
N. McCarthy and T. L. Hill, F. A. Hyd*.
C. Morrel, L. Q. Haven, Harry Dot.
George T. S. "White, W. L. Sutherland,
H. H. Jenness, A. G. A. Mueller, W. G.
Morrow, \V. M. Edgell, A. F. Broad.*Cap
tain Matthew Turner, "W. Mersfelder and
Commodore R. S. Bridgman. Commodoro
S. S. Marshall of the California Yacht
Club was also on hand.
The boat owners of the California Yacht
Club are working on their vessels, mak
ing ready for opening day, April 5. At
the last meeting of the directors commit
tees were appointed to take charge of tho
entertainment to be given on opening
night in the clubhouse. The jinkf com
mittee consists of W. M. Ramsay, G. L.
Wakeman and \V. McBain. The recep
tion committee is made up of ex-Commo
dore A. M. Clay, L. I. Gale, August R.
F. Brandes, C. A. Loring and A. G. Byx
bee. E_ N. "Walter and G. M. Shaw ar«
the committee on catering, and J. J.
Sherry is charged with the duty of look
in? after the transportation of visitors
and members across the creek.
"William Humphreys of the Corinthian
Yacht Club, who last season chartered
the sloop Mischief In conjunction with G.
T. S. "White. Walter Burnett. A. F. Cham
bers and J. M. Punnett of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club, will make up a party
to charter the same craft this year. The ¦ •
yacht will, however, make her headquar-**,,
ters at Tiburon, -and it is probable tho
party will be composed of Corinthians.
Walter Burnett expects to leave Califor
nia for the Orient this year, and G. T. 8.
White is likely to be one of the crew of
the San Francisco challenger.
Ccmmodore R. S. Bridgman of the San
Fraucisco Yacht Club has appointed all
the members of the board of directors on
the house committee for the coming sea
son. The regatta committee consists of
ex- Commodore T. L. Hill, W. G. Morrow
and J. R. Savory, who held the same of
fice last year. The delegates to the Pa
cific Interclub Yacht Association are ex-
Commodore W. N. McCarthy, J. S. Cock
erill and G. T. S. White. The committee
on the jinks to take place on opening
night at the clubhouse consists of A. F.
Broad, William Mersfelder and C. M.
Gunn.
A new yacht, built during the winter by
Stevens, on the lines of the fln keel sloop
Discovery, has recently been launched
and was under sail last Sunday. She is
twenty-eight feet over all, and sails un
der Corinthian colors.
DURING the past week Boatkeeper
Lang of the San Francisco Yacht
Club has been busy rigging the
Judges Are Named for
the Majority of
* Classes.
Members Will See Her
in Action To-
Morrow.
The San Francisco Yacht
Club Boat Ready
for Trial.
Hand.
Lady Patronesses Will
Extend Helping
KENNEL CLUB
OFFICERS LOOK
FOR BIG SHOW
WILL UNFURL
SAILS OF THE
CHALLENGER
UNIVERSITY ATHLETES ARE PREPARING FOR SEVERE COMPETITION
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SAT URD AY, MARCH 15, 1002.
4THE SMALL BOY OF SAN FRANCISCO VIEWS ; THE BIG PAftApE JOF DIMINUTIVE PONIES, DOGS AND
OTHER ANIMALS THAT WILL BE ON VIEW AT THE MECHANICS'' PAVILION, COMMENCING WITH THE
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON. . ¦ •'*'- — ¦• '• ¦^;^.l. ';; .'. '. :
HELENA, Mont.. March 14 Judge Smith of
the District Court has held that the State law
Imposing a license tax upon express companies
is unconstitutional.
Knocks Him Out in the Fourth Round
of a Fight in Kansas
KANSAS CITY. Mo., March 14.—Tom
my Ryan of this city to-night knocked
out "Mysterious Billy" Smith of Portland,
Oregon, in the fourth round of what was
scheduled as a ten-round bout in Turner
Hall. After one minute and thirty-five
seconds of furious fighting: In the last
round Ryan landed a terrific left in the
stomach, which was followed so closely
by a right hook on Smith's jaw that it
was difficult to tell' which blow was the
more effective. Smith went down, and
though he struggled hard- to regain his
feet he was unable to do so before the
fatal ten seconds were counted off.
At the outset of the fourth round both
men began to fight viciously. Ryan land
ed several body blows "which seemed to
distress Smith. The latter landed some
stinging blows' on Ryan's kidneys and
neck, but without any apparent effect on
the Kansas City man. Smith made a
vicious swing at. Ryan, which the latter
ducked cleverly. Smith slipped and fell
from tho force of his own effort. He re
mained on his knees seven seconds, rest
ing. The two blows which knocked him
out- were landed two -seconds- after Smita
regained hi3 feet. . During the first two
rounds honors were even. Ryan appeared
in the pink of condition, while Smith
seemed too heavy.
TOMMY RYAN DEFEATS
MYSTERIOUS BHiY SMITH
Colored Boxer Has the
Reach, Height and
Cleverness.
VOTING GIBBS of Cleveland, Ohio,
was given the. decision over Mose
La Fontise in a tiftecn-round bout
which went the limit last night at
the -Acme Club, Oakland.
La Fontise displayed remarkable recu
perative power. He was unable to get
inside the guard of Gibbs, who jabbed the
Montana fighter with straight lefts all
through the fight. The Ohio boxer put
La Fontise down twice in the tenth round
for eight seconds, but the Montana man
was up and at it when the gong sounded
the end of the round.
La Fontise inflicted but little damage
on Gibbs, as the latter was too clevej".
Gibbs having fought here three tiroes waa
picked by the Oakland contingent as a
winner. During the progress of the fif
teen rounds La Fontise took tho count
five times. He appeared stronger at the
wind up than during the middle of the
battle. Gibbs had him in distress on the
ropes numerous times, but. try as he
would, he could not plant a knockout
punch on any part of the Montana fight
er's anatomy. La Fontise assumed an
awkward, crouching position when In ac
tion. His favorite method of attack was
to rush in and swing with his right for
the body. He played for Gibbs' stomach,
and in the fourth round landed a couple
of jolts that shook the colored boxer uy
and made him stand away to recover his
wind. Gibbs' reach, height and skill were
all against the Montana fighter.
There were two preliminaries to the
main event of the evening. The first was
between Kid La Valle and 'Cyclone Kelly.
In the -fourth round La Valle's seconds
tossed up the sponge, as their man- was
being battered about and unable to defend
himself. The second preliminary was a
six-round contest between Jack Kane
and Jimmie Reilly. both of San Francisco.
It was a rattling go and lasted the full
six rounds. Referee Jack Kitchen declared
the mill a draw and his decision was weJl
received.
Secures Decision Over La
Fontise in Fifteen
Rounds.
YOUNG GIBBS
IS TOO CLEVER
FORMONTANAN
THE O-AJL.I-.'S R,A.OI3STO- FOR,3S£ OH AJEZ.T
OAKLAND BACETEACX— Friday, j M : , arch »14."— Weather fine. Track slow,
3437. FIRST RACE — Four furlongs; selling;, maiden- two-year-olds; to first, $325.'
1 ( ~ — ~^ T ~ . ••• . • -. ; I Betttn*.
IndexiHorse and Weight. St. %. %. Str.» Fin. Owner : and . Jockey. ". Op.. Cl.
3420 Clarinette 08 2 ... 2 4 12 12 H. J. Jones ..Ransch ~ '3 10-5
3126 The Forum 109 0 ... 6 4 2 n~ 2 5 Elmwood Farm. .Troxler 5-2 9-5
Fire Dance 103 3 ... 1 1$ 8 i£ 34 Papinta ... ..Jackson .- 8 30
3402 Alice Callaghan. .109 7 ... .' 3 h '5 4- 4 4 Glvens & Taylor. Frawiy 10 0
3420 Temprano 97 1 ... 41 4 1 5% Geo. Van Gorden.J. Daly 3 5.
3420 The Phantom 101 5 ... 7 6 6 6 10 H. E. Rowell ... Hoffman ". 10 .80 ,
3338 La Figaro 103 4 ... 6 1 ¦"' \ 7 ¦ 7 J. C. Humphrey. .. .Hoar * 10 30 »j,
3415 Katanga 97 Left ... '..'.'1... A. B. Spreckels.Brknrth ' 3 • ; -7 ' ¦
Time — %, :25V4; %, :5L Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. J. Jones' ch. 1. I
by Magnet-I Declare. Away better. The Forum could probably have won. Fire Dance
showed a world of speed. Temprano almost fell to his knees opposite the paddock, where
he was cut oft by Fire Dance.
3438. SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three -year -olds; to first. $325.
. I i ¦•.¦¦¦¦ ~~ , ¦ ~~ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. |St. %. l^. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. .
342S Tufts 114 1 2n 52 32 ill C. W. Chappell... Stuart 5-2 2
3391 Lento 112 2 In 2 2 2*2 2 3 Nell & Blazer... .. .Hoar 15 15
3408 Dwight Way 114 3 51 4n ln3 10 V. Gilbert ....Conley fl 7-2
3432 Estado 117 5 6 3 1 " 4 1 4 1 G. W. Baldwin.. L.Daly 5-2 5
3227 Dulcimer 107 6 3^1o 5U6% T. H. Ryan Vickery 11-5 7-5
3360 Sand de Lee 112 4 4h 6 6 6 Ted Hayes J.Daly 30 CO
Time— Y*. :25%.; %. :51->4; %, 1:18, %. 1:31 Vs. Good «tart. Won easily. Second and third'
driving. Winner, C. W. Chappell's b. g. by Tacoma-Lady Lucas. Tufts, after poor rac
• Ing luck, ran around his field and won. Lento ran a- nice race. Estado. has gone back.?
Dulcimer quit while only galloping. Scratched— Yellowstone 112. Jungfrau ¦ 112. * • ¦• »'
3439. THIRD RACE: — Four furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; to first, $325.-
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op\ Cl*. .
3415 DonamI 100 1 ... 12 12 12 Montana Stable.. Ranech 6 40
3402 J. H. Bennett 100 4 \... 2 1 2 % 2 ns ' L. A. Blasingame. .Hoar 4 21-5.
324t Ora Viva 10S fl ;. . 4-G 4 5 3 10 G. Summers & Co.O'Con| 4-5 1-2
3402 Venecia 97 3 ... 3 1 3 h 4 2 E.J.Baldwn & Co. J.Daly 4 5
8379 Minnie Drossel... S)8 5 ... 5h 81 6 n J. E. King & Co.Winsltt 60 100
3312 Phyz f>7 8 ...- 7 5 6 1 «1 , John Kane.... McKlnnon SO 200
3:i79 Mamie 97 2 .... 6 5 7 8 7 10 J. Lodge & Co...Frowen 15 60 ..
3270 Prestolus OS 7 ... 8 8 8 ' W. B. Jennings. L. Daly 20 100
Time — }4. :25; ',£. :50. Poor start. "Won first three driving:. Winner, MoAjtana Stable's
b. c. by Herald-Alcoyne. DonamI Is a fast one. Bennett one of the Improving sort.
Ora.^V^IA' J^-J 1 *? J i 2 T H e L 1°- _ we11 - Bt ood a long* drive. Venecia a disappointment.
3440. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs: .selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
I • . . ~^~~- ~ ¦ Betting. ¦'
Index Horse, Age. Welght.|St. ,%. %. Etr. Fin. Owner, and Jockey. - Op. Cl. ; ¦ •
(3237) Sweet Tooth, 4.. 108 5 6 2 4 2 22 1 % I* V. Bell. ..\Birkenruth '¦ ' 2
Pope Leo, a 112 2 6h 5 1 In 2 2 J. A. Murray... Spargur .50 30
"110 Sc. for Scandal, 4. 08 1 2 2 2 % 3 h 8 % J. Weber ...Ransch < 8 7
(.•5230) Princ. Titania, 4.. 103 8 4h 3h 4 1 4 Vi Caesar Young... Jackson 4 3
S410 Dorian, a ..Ill 6 7h 72 5 1 6 1 G. B. Morris. ..O'Connor 6 13
3214 The Pride. 6 116 4 3h 6^4 6h 6h T. H.. Ryan. .N. Turner 3 4 .
3409 True Blue, a 107 3 11 12 712. 72 Summers & Co. .Troxler 0- 7 ¦
3390 Sir Dougal, 5 111 7 8 10 8 10 8 10 8 10 ' P. Sheridan. ... ..Conley 15 .so
3394 Dr. Boyle. 5 109 9 9 9 9-9 J. C. ; Nealon. ;.J. Woods 10 15 [
Time— V*. :2i?i; %. :W>; %, 1:1C. Good start. Won cleverly. '.., Second and third driving. ' ''
Winner. L. V. Bell's br. h. by Conrad-Too Sweet. Winner much the best. Was "sand
wiched" for a third of the route. Pope L,eo is fast. Princess Titania away very badly and'
later cut oft opposite the paddock. Too much weight for The Pride to handle. True Blue
quit. Scratched— Katie JV«l c f l i *°A Mal^ 8a 103 
3441. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325. ;
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. ¦ Fin. Owner and , Jockey. Op? tUl <fl. , ;
3418 Kickumbob. 5....10TJ 112; 11 1 1% 1 % .. O.,B. "Morris. .: Jackson " 10 £'«'
3428 Bangor. 6 106 2 7 7 • 3 %,¦ 2 1 Burns & Waterhs. Ranch 2 * •»
(323S) Herculean. 5 106 :i 4 Vx 3 1 2 n 3 8 L. V. Bell.. .Blrkenruth 7-10 4-5
(3421) The .Singer, £».... 108 6 6 4 4 1 ' 4 14 . 4 V 3 Magrane. & C0..J. Woods 10 25
3238 Windward. 6 10« 7 5n6361 On Hennessy & Co.. A. Kelly 20" 7 r >
3432 M.LuRothch'd. 4.107 4 2 1 2n 5 1 6 3 ; J.'M. Crane. ... .Troxler 20 40
(3414) Irate. 4 ,.:..1O2 5 3n 5^7 7; BufTtn & McAtee..R 0W n 20 15
Time— %,. :26; %, :51: .%. 1:17^; .mile,; 1:44.'; Good start. . Won first - three drlvlne
Winner. G. B. Morris' br. g. by Idalium-Marla F.-'lt was not a true-run race With anv
sort of a ride Herculean shouldhave won. - • ' . y
3442. • SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; -three-year-olds and up; to first. $325. ' <
¦ I .- . ¦ 1 , . : ' .
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. %. ' '%.' . Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op?v "cl -"
3272 Lady Sterling. 3.. 06 1 1 1 3 2 ' ¦ 3 1 1 n L V. Bell. ..Blrkenruth * 8-5 11-*'
3403 Huachuca, 3 105.4.'2n 11^11 2 1^ Baldwin & Co. ..L.Daly « 7
3403 Quiet. 3... ..10J 2 314 % 4 V, 3 2 . Jennings &- Co... J. Daly " C - k '
3229 King Dellls. 5.. .,113 !i 41 2n 2-h-4« C. Llnd.....T. Matthews fi 4
3207 St. SImonlan. a. .116 10 9 % « V» 5 1/5 1 T. II. Ryan. .'.N. Turner ¦ B rt
3411 Wolhurst.-a 110 « R1J74 «2 6^ J. McMichael..... Conley « 12
3423 Parsifal. 4 lOit 3 fin Rh 7 17V, J. D. Fitzgerald.. Woods v " 10 ' '
3344 The Weaver, 3.. ..101 8-0 2 • 5 I 84 8 6 H. I. Wilson Ransch fi 7
:J421 Hit) Chico, C... .11011 11. 10 I 0 2 94- O. . A. Tolie. .... . ..Flick HO 'ion
(33*9) Cambaceres, -4. ...110 7 10 4 01 10 5 10 5 M. Storn.. . ... .Bozeman 100 100
3434 ' Barnato. a..l.,..113 9" 7 1 11 11 11 ¦ J..T. Shannon.. .Jackson .6 12
Time— V*. :24^i: %. :5O«4; «i,.l:16%; %, 1:29%. Good start. Won -first : three drivlnir ¦
Winner, L. V. Bell's ch. f. by Hanover- Aqulla. . Looking beaten; at head of stretch L*<iv <
• Sterling. stood a long drive gamely. :¦, Quiet quit the last sixteenth. .i. So did King Dellis^ st ''
SIraouian came from the backwoods.- Scratched — Mike, Rice 110, John McUurk 109 ' 1 -
Track Notes.
The great four-mile Thornton stake Is
the feature of the card this afternoon.
There are five entries for the $3000 prize.
• Bo|h Sweet\Tooth and Lady Sterling are
owned by. L. V. Bell, the New York turf
man. The same owner's Herculean was
beaten through the wretched riding of
Blrkenruth.
...AtNone stage, of the betting Pooe Leo
was 100 to L Small wagers cut the price
to 30." .." ,, - \ . . •
Ransch was on hand with his customary
two winners. ; . ;
Lee. Jackson, .after a. brief visit to Los
Angeles, , returned to ; the saddle again.
His only winning mount was Kickumbob.
"Winnie O'Connor will leave to-night for
the country the other side of the Rockies
He has nothing but kind words to say
of the treatment accorded him here and
will. be back again next winter. "Winnie
Is assuredly the most popular rider that
ever appeared on the local! tracks. His
honesty Is above reproach and his* efforts
on a 50 'to 1 shot- are as vigorous as Jf he
was piloting a 4 to 5 chance in a stake
event. . -
The Forum was played for a good thing
to win the opening two-year-old dash and
had Troxler got the colt away could not
have. lost.
; . Bowley &• NIckells . purchased Rublno
from "Gill" Summers yesterday, paylmr
$500 for the three-year-old. >, -
Denver will give* a great runnlne and
trotting meeting this year, beginning June
21.' The- Derby, at one and one-eighth
miles, will be. worth $1000. - . .
- Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Futurity course, selling; three
year-olds: . ... . i
.T35S Phyllis ......102 3430 Kllldoe ......101
• 340R Flattered ....07 3409 St. PhillppinalOfi
° <34.11)Mytlirox :....107 (3391)MaIa8plna ... f»
3432 1 Rublno-. .;... 101 3405 Lemuel ..... 99
. 3418 Bassenzo ....110 2844 Pirate Maid 108
"3384 Vasal lo ......101 3363 M. Teeress. . . 0D
3378 : Parlzade .'... 100 " '
Second race — Four furlongs, purse; two
year-olds;^.- . v .
The coursing card at Union Park to-day
calls for a sixty-dog special' stake and a
slxty-four-dog 1 open stake. In tho special
Rocker, A. J. Martin, America. Game Boy,
Flying Fox, Fontenoy, Vandal, Sacra
mento Boy and other flyers will compete.
(3415) Bell Reed ..11313410 Honlton 98
(3427)Georgle West-HO 1 . .... VInctldes 105
3433 Dug Martin ..101 3415 Dutch Prlnc's 08
Third race — One mile and an eighth, sell
ing; four-year-olds and upwards:
3429 Expedient ...101 3426 Frank "WoodslOl
3336 Major HookfrlOl 3424 Dk of Tork II.1U
8425 Maratlne 07 3421 Killeen lOt
3424 Elmer • L. 100 3426 Golden —.lght.107
3424 Billy Lyons.. 107 ST.m L.a Borgia ... 00
S43C Senator MattslOl G324 Fridolln 05
3423 Morinel ..... 99
Fourth race— Four, miles, the Thornton
Stakes, purse $3000; three-year-olds and up
wards: * »
3441 Bangor llfi] (3398)Siddon» 109
(3428)Plcador 109 3375 Greylette ....100
3225 Llzella Ill I J '
Fifth race — One mile and a sixteenth, the
Auburn Handicap: three-year-olds and up
wards:
3225 Position .... 1 14 I JKJtt Red wald 95
."435 Col. BallanfelOS 3434 MacQyle 95
8350 Homstead ...114 \ 333S John McGurk 8S
3393 The Fretter.. 105 1 3435 Frangible .... 95
. Sixth race — Six furlongs, purse; three-year
olds and upwards: . •
(3435)The Giver.. ..90 333.T Joe Prey ....tlO
(3423)Edinboroug;h.' .113 3307 Captivate ....105
3147 B. Ormonde.. 110 3291 Sea Queen ...10S
3235 Vantlne .....10S 3345 Sharp Bird.. 113
3440 True Blue ....110
Selections for To-Day.
'First race — St. PhUHppina. Mythrox. Lemuel.
¦ Second race— Bell Reed. Georgia TVest. Hon-
Uon.
Third race— Jlorlnel. Frank "Woods. Golden
Light. .
Fourth race— Ltzella, SIddons. Picador.
; Fifth race— MacQyle. . Homestead, Position.
*. Sixth race— Tha Giver, Sharp Bird, "Sea
Quecs ¦-'."¦>',"¦
owned in Montana, came close to tapping
the wire first with 100 to 1 about his name
in the ring. There was a large crowd
present, and the betting was the best for
days. u :¦.
A crack bunch of platers faced the bar
rier in the fourth number over six fur
longs, furnishing one of the best betting
problems of the season. Nash Turner
had the mount on The Pride, but this did
not prevent Princess Titania closing fa
vorite at odds, of 3 tol. The latter mare
was unfortunate as usual at the start,
getting away poorly, and finishing outside
of the money. True Blue made the pace
to the stretch and then retired. Just as it
looked as though the Montana rider,
Spargus, might land Pope Leo first, Blr
kenruth on Sweet Tooth came with a rush
on the Outside, disposing of the outsider
by less than a length. Cut off near the
paddock, Princess Titania lost the show
to School for Scandal.
Elmwood farm's brown Tiger colt, Tho
Forum, had shown some smashing fast
work at Ingleside-, on the strength of
which; he was made favorite for the first
two-year-old dash. Troxler, who had the
mount, got the worst of a straggling
start and, after closing up lengths of day
light, lost to Clarinette by two lengths.
Fire Dance was third.
Tufts, the 2 to 1 second choice for the
seven-furlong selling affair, showed to be
pounds the best of the six starters, that
Is, considering- the lack of staying quali
ties displayed by Dulcimer and Estado.
Stuart had to tramp around the bunch
with Tufts; and then beat Lento, a 15 to
1 shot, handily. Dulcimer, .the favorite,
died away after leading to the stretch.
Winnie O'Connor's mount, Ora Viva,
had first call for the second two-year-old
spin. Away none too well, the youngster
ran third. ; Ransch on Donamt, a son of
Herald,' led from the jump, getting home
two lengths before J. H. Bennett.
i KIckumbob scored a fluke win In the
mile, selling, affair. He was backed from
12 down to 8 and was not headed after the
barrier went up. Bangor finished second
and Herculean third. .
Lady Sterling stood a game drive in
the final seven-furlong run, finishing first
a neck in front of Huachuca. /At the head
of the stretch she looked beaten, but
Quiet and Huachuca both backed up
badly the last eighth, and the Bell entry
outstayed them.
FOR days during the wet season the
members of the' booking fraternity
at Oakland were kicked about by
the talent like a football until sev
eral bank: rolls looked as If they,
had been run over by a freight train. Yes-
terday the books; had an inning, for five
out of six well-backed favorites were' laid
away, ,Donanil,; a two-year-old : from the
Montana stable, captured one of the'two
year-old, events at odds of-' 50 to 1J' ridden
by J., Ransch; Pope Leo,:.a sprinter,^ also
HURRAH! the circus' is in town!"
was the cry last evening of the
small boy and his little sister.
Norris & Rowe's aggregation
of ponies, trained dogs, monkeys,
elephants, camels and other animals at
tracted thousands of sightseers as the
parade wended its way through the prin
cipal streets to . the accompaniment of
bands, colored (lights and skyrockets and
the cheers of the onlookers.
The start was made from the Me-'
chanics' Pavilion at 8 p. m. and the route
covered by the parade was along Market
street, Kearny, California and Grant ave
nue and back Market street to the start
ins point.
The display won the approval of the
long line of spectators. _. ..The. mounted
police escort was a feature of the parade,
for the horses g of j the ., officers- played,
pranks when the bombs, were fired in the.
air and the small 'boy "jollied'* the' escort
without fear of arrest. . i.'sii'-x:,;..!:,'
The bands of -the circus played the live
liest airs in their' repertpire. and 'the: men
with the' colored lights were kept busy,
"firing up.". . : .'- ; ; ;• • :-:f-~ ;¦ • - : ~.
Like the stars of the dramatic and the
operatic- stage • the' 1 trained /animals "of.
Norris & Rowe their-'. pleasure.*
at being back' in' San "Francisco and gave 1
vent to barks, . grunts ' and squeals 'In: re •"
sponse to the welcome; accorded;, by | the
citizens. ¦• v\ •¦•:¦;"--•> '-.•..•%¦¦ v v'-" ;v"-.''
The zebras marched along- in dignified
manners despite -tfj^remarks-^that.; they
"were doing .tlme'V-iflhJ: account'. of "ihcir-
stripes. The clowns presented novel acts
of "rough-riding" and the elephants ac
cepted gifts of peanuts galore without a
hint from their trainers. Some of the
ponies were so small that they were al
most overlooked by the spectators, while
the camels and dromedaries did not seem
.t$>mind the "guying" of the crowd.
i^Every circus wagon had its load of
trained dogs and they sat up with the
air of dignified artists. The parade. was
a' : long one and the fine appearance of
,th© animals won plaudits all along the
route.
"The first performance of the circus will
.be 'given in the Mechanics' Pavilion this
•afternoon and judging by the expressions
• heard on the streets last night the big
"Tbuilding Is likely to be crowded to the
?<bors.
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RaGINGYM-M OAKLAND TRACK
THE home-and-home tournament be
tween teams representing class B
of the , San Francisco and Oakland
Golf dubs is off.
Half of a 3G-hole match was played last
Saturday on the Oakland links, the Oak
landers, obtaining a lead of 3 up. The sec
ond half was to have been played this
afternoon on the Presidio links, the scores
made .on the . two days; to be counted to*
gether. Early in- the week Leonard
Chenery, captain of the San Francisco
team, suggested to J. O. Cadman, captain
of the Oakland team, that they select a
cup to be given to the winning team.
Captain Chenery's understanding was
that the result of one 36-hole match, halt
played on the Oakland and the other halt
on the Presidio links, was to decide lh*>
ownership of the trophy. But Captain
Cadman insisted the cup should go to
the team winning ' two out of three 18
hole matches, no matter by how many
or how few holes. According to this un
derstanding the Oakland team would al«
ready be one match to the good and it
the Presidio men should win 30 up oi>
their own links that would count but
one game to them, thus producing a tie.
which would be 'decided by an 18-hole
match on neutral links. Captain Chenery
called In S. L. Abbot Jr., captain of tho
San Francisco Golf Club, and offered to
submit the matter to arbitration, or to
agree upon a fresh understanding, but
the Oaklander said he had understood the
matter in a certain way and the tourna
ment must be. played out In accordance
with his views or not at all. Captain
Chenery offers to finish the contest ac
cording to the same rules as class A
tournaments, but Captain Cadman will
have none of it. He will not follow the
precedent set in the annual class A Inter
club tournaments, in which two 36-hole
matches are played and in the event of
each club winning one a deciding: 15-hole
match Is played on neutral links. He will
not let the contest be decided by the re
sult of one 36-hole match, as was done
last year, In which class B teams rep
resenting the two clubs played for the
first time. He will not submit the ques
tion to arbitration nor consent" to any
thing except that his own views shall con
trol. Under these circumstances there
seems little prospect of a mutual under
standing being reached.
Last Sunday the second match in the
first round of the competition for the
council's cup was played between H. C.
Golcher and Charies Page, the former
winning, 7 up, 6 to play. S. L. Abbot Jr.
beat Dr. C. J. Decker. 1 up. The match
between Warren Gregory and G. B. Cook
sey has not yet been played. One match
of the semi-final round has been played,
H. r C. Golcller beating Dr. T. G. McCon
key, 4 up, 2 to play, and winning his way
Into the final round. The winner of the
Gregory-Cooksey match will play against
S. L. Abbot Jr. In the semi-final round.
The tournament over eighteen holes,
match play, for ladles' foursomes of the
San Francisco Golf Club did' not take
place last Monday morning, but ¦will be
played next Monday, March 17. It is
stated that three couples have already
been drawn, Mrs. R. Oilman Brown with
Miss Alice Hager, Miss Alice Hoffman
with Miss Edith Chesebrough and Miss
Florence Ives with Miss Sarah Drum. If
this be so,' Mrs. Brown and Miss Hager
would seem certain to win, as they were
the ¦winner and runner-up respectively in
the last competition for the council's cup
for women, during the earlier rounds of
which each beat her opponent by ample
margins.
The recent heavy rains have played
havoc with the . putting erounds of the
Sausallto Golf Club, which will have to be
remade before they can be used. They
must be filled In with new material, rolled
and leveled. The directors of the club
held a meeting on Tuesday night at tie
house of the president. Major -T. "W. M.
Draper, by whom, they wero entertained
at dinner.
The San Rafael Golf Club has Issued
its . tournament schedule for' 1902,- the
events extending from April 5 to Septem
ber 2J inclusive. The events for the month
of April are as follows:
April 5 — At 9:30 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. for
men and women, preliminary rounds . . over
eighteen holes for team play competition.
April 12 — At 1:30 p. m., team competition
over eighteen holes, match play. The players
will be ranked according to their scores In
the preliminary rounds. One team will be
made up of those standing first, fourth, eighth,
ninth, twelfth, thirteenth, etc., and the other
of those standing second, third, sixth, seventh,
tenth, eleventh, fourteenth, etc. These will
be matched against each other, number 1 play-
Ing number 2, number 4 playing number 3, and
so on. All matched 'to be played out and the
side -with most holes up to win. A defaulting
player will' lose 2 down.,
On April 19 at 9:30 a.' m. there will' be 'a
scratch stroke competition for women
who have not made nine holes in less than
seventy-five strokes during 1902 over nine
holes.
At 1:30 p. m. there will be a similar com
petition over eighteen holes for men who
have not made nine holes in less than
sixty-five strokes during 1902.
April 19 to 25 inclusive there will be a
"best ball" handicap over nine holes, with
a prize for men and one for women, under
tha following rules: Beginning at 9:30 a. m.
on April 19, players may play as many
full rounds of nine holes as they • may
please or be able to play before 6 p. m.
of April 26. The "best ball" score will be
made up by selecting the Dest score made
by. each player for every hole. The maker
of the lowest net score to be the winner.
Each score card, signed by a scorer (who
may be a ! fellow competitor), must be
handed In Immediately upon the comple
tion of a round of nine holes. No card
will be regarded that does not show a
bona fide score for a full round. The
scores made In the scratch stroke com
petition on April 19 may be counted for
the "best ball" contest also.
Misunderstanding as to
Conditions the
Cause.
Tournament Between the
Players of This City
and Oakland Off.
GOLFERS FAIL
TO AGREE ON
MATCH GAME
AMATEUR ATHLETIC UNION TAKES FORM STAND ON BOXING
BOCHAMBEAU FESTIVAL
APPEALS TO FRENCHMEN
Warship May Be Sent to Participate
in the Proposed' Monument
Unveiling.
PARIS. March 14.— The Echo de Paris,
oemmenting on the adoption of the reso
lution by the United States Congress in
viting France to participate In ' the in
auguration of the Rochambeau monu
ment at Washington. May 24, says:
"M. . Cambon, the French Embassador
at Washington, has constantly urged the
French Government to send a warship to
represent ,FYance at the ceremony. We
hope the Ministries of War. and 'the
Navy also will be represented by high of
liciaJs. There is no doubt it Is an excel
lent opportunity, on the morrow of Prince
Henry's Visit, to make the exercises nt
the Franco-American . manifestation of
sympathy with Rochambeau imposing In
character and Invest them with solemnity
and^ grandeur."
CHORISTERS FROM UTAH
COMING TO THE COAST
Excursionists on the "Way to
This City.
Salt Lake Tabernacle and Numerous
SALT LAKE. Utah. March 14.— Two
Irainlcads of Utah excursionists, includ
ing over 150 members of the choir of the
Salt Lake Tabernacle, left here this morn
ing over the Oregon Short Line for Cali
fornia, where ten days will be spent. The
excursion as originally planned was for
the choir of the Mormon Tabernacle alone,
but was augmented by delegations from
re-ores of Utah towns, and when the trains
pulled out this morning they carried over
500 excursionists.
At Ogden, where the trains were
switched on to the Union and Central Pa
cific, a large crowd of Ogden excursion
ists joined the party. The first stop will
be made at Sacramento to-morrow after
noon. San' Francisco, Monterey, the Le
land Stanford University buildings at
Palo Alto and other points of interest will
be visited. Services will be held by tho
excursionists at San Francisco Sunday,
probably in the Temple of Music, Dr. J.
E. Talmage preaching the sermon. The
Tabernacle choir will give concerts at all
stopping places.
ONE BELL WELL INCLUDE
APPEAL OF TTTrtRITOBJES
tate Action in Three Matters
of Statehood.
House Committee Decides to Facili-
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The House
Committee on Territories to-day decided
upon an Vomnibus" Territorial bill, which
will provide for statehood for Arizona,
New Mexico and Oklahoma, instead of
separate statehood bills for each Terri
tory. These bills have heretofore been
separate, but to-day they , were harmo
nized in their provisions and Chairman
Knox was authorized to incorporate them
in one measure.
Representative Degraffenreid of Texas
made the motion to consolidate the bills,
which motion was so framed as to in
struct the chairman to submit to the
House one bill and one report, to the end
that action may be taken at one time at
the earliest possible date on the question
of the advancement of all said Terri
tories.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC ' COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and If ore New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Post
office Department to-day announced the
following: Postmaster commissioned:
Washington— Joseph D. Day. Big Lake.
Appointed: California — J. S. Goodwin,
Youbet, Nevada County, vice B. F. Snell.
resigned. Oregon— L. P. Case, Croy, Gil
liam County, vice F. C. Doefer. removed.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—War with Spain— John P.
Bradin, Courtland, $6; Arthur Van Zant,
Los Angeles, $6. Increase— Andrew J.
Musselman. Santa Rosa, $12; Cornelius
Buckley, Veterans' Home. Napa, $8;
Charles M. Mason. Gllroy, $8: George M.
Brack, Los Angeles. $S; William H.
Stevenson, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12; Daniel Donahue, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $10. Mexican war— William S.
Morrel, Bakers&eld. $12. Original— Jacob
L. Padgett, Keno, $8; Andrew Sherwood,
Dufur, $8. Increase — Joseph Pense. Ap
plegate. $12; Fabian Soriot, Amos, ¦ $10;
Conrad Schmettzer, Scholia, $12. Widow-
Martha E. Kramer, Newburg, $12.
Washington— Original— James Palmer,
Port Angeles, $8: David Franklin, Ta
coma, $6. Increase — Samuel M. Denniston,
Spokane. $10; Tillman P. Edgerton, Spo
kane, ?8.
Army orders announce that Second
Lieutenants Fay W. Brabson and Robert
L. Meador, recently appointed, are as
signed to the Twelfth and Ninth Infantry,
respectively, and ordered to San Francisco
for duty there. Second Lieutenant Oliver
F. Snvder. Eighteenth Infantry, now at
Fort Puchesne, Utah. Is ordered to the
hospital at the Presidio of San Francisco
for treatment-
Los Angeles to Be One of
the Factors in the
Struggle.
Clubs Are Ready With
Their Respective
Offers.
AWAIT BIDS
FOR BATTLE
OF CHAMPIONS
Delaney. "Jim" Morley and Brink left
to-night for San Francisco. The latter, it
Is said. 5s prepared to guarantee the fight
ers 520,000.
The action of the Supervisors' Police
Committee at its meeting on Thursday
gave the local promoters food for
thought. The committee decided to rec
ommend that the club receiving the per
mit be reaulred to pay not less than 55000
to some charity. The promoters claim
this would be prohibitive, as no club could
afford to pay any such sum out of its
share of the receipts.
Jeffries and Delaney seem to favor Lob
Angeles, according to the following:
LOS ANGELES, March 14.— Billy De
laney of Oakland, Jeffries' trainer, is in
Los Angeles. In speaking of the probable
scene of the coming championship bout,
Delaney said:
"I did not at first consider Los Angeles
a factor in the race, but since coming
here and looking over the field I have
changed my mind. 1 have suggested to
those behind the Los Angeles bid that a
business man represent them at the open
ing of bids to-morrow it San Francisco.
John Brink will therefore go north,
backed by a big bid. Personally, I would
be glad to see Los Angeles get the fight.
I think it would draw $50,000 In this city.
While our side is agreeable to Los An
peles. Fitzsimmons probably will prove a
stumbling block."
The consensus of opinion has been that
the fight would be held in this city. For
a time Louisville was thought to be a
factor in the contest, but the authorities
stepped in and drew the line at heavy
weight fights.
THE bids for the proposed champion
ship fight between Jeffries and
Fitzsimmons will be opened to-day
simultaneously in this city and in
New York.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Swordsman
won. Pojntz second, Joe Doughty third. Time,
I:W»i.
Fifth race, selling, six furtonrs — High Hoe
won. Boomerang second, Aaron third. Time,
1:36H-
Fourth race, handicap, seven furlongs —
Tern Kinsley won. Lady Kent second. Dlgby
Bell third. Time, 1 :31U-
Third race, selling:, one mile — Xannie J.
won. Top Boots second, Pillardis third. Time,
1:46*4.
Second race, s-ix and a half furlongs — Imp.
Abula won, Horseshoe Tobacco second. Divine
ihird. Time, 1 :23 2-5.
First race, felling, mile and a sixteenth —
'•Jarle won. Rose of May second. Royal Penny
third. Time. l:53'i.
NEW ORLEANS. La.. March 14.— Results
New Orleans Racing.
Lawson, Bicycle Rider, Dies.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 14.— Word
was received in this city to-day that John
Lawson, known as *'the terrible Swede."
a professional bicycle rider of interna
tional fame, died of pneumonia in a Mil
waukee hospital this afternoon.
SALT LAKE, Utah, March 14.— A spe
cial to the Herald from Park City says
Kid Roilie was probably fatally injured
during a boxing contest with Dummy
Rowan at that place to-night.
Boxer Is Injured.
A letter was received from Congressman
"Wood of California, the chairman of the
Committee on Mines and Mining. of the
United States Congress, asking for the
co-operation cf the Clippie Creek Cham
ber of Commerce in putting through the
bill to establish a separate bureau of min
ing with a Cabinet officer at its head.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., March 14.—
The Chamber of Commerce has appoint
ed a committee consisting of E. R. Wal
ter, A. S. Laraberton and A. B. Shilling to
confer with Gilbert McClurg, secretary
of the Colorado Springs Chamber of Com
merce, in arranging the programme for
the joint session of the National Irrigation
Congress and the Forestry Association, to
be held in that city from August 12th to
15th. The programme will be divided be
tween Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek
and this city will take an active part in
the entertainment of the delegates. Ef
forts will be made to have the date of the
Trans-Mississippi Congress changed in
order to accommodate the delegates to
both congresses.
Prepare for an Important
National Session.
Colorado Springs and Cripple Creek
CITIES WILL RECEIVE
MANY IBRIGATIONISTS
Th» Secretary believes the price of
bonds is undesirably high and that the
effect of the Government being perma
nently tn the market stimulates and
lie!ps to maintain this price, to the preju
dice of national bank circulation. Banks
are said to be retiring circulation as rap
idly as possible, presumably for the pur
pose of selling the bonds new on deposit
nt present prices, or for the purpose of
using them with the treasury as security
for Government deposits. In making
Government deposits the Secretary is dis
posed to discriminate in favor of such
banks as maintain their circulation and
by these two methods he hopes to over
come the tendencj' to retire bank circu
lation.
WASHINGTON', March 14.— The Secre
tary of the Treasury has announced that
he will discontinue for the present the
purchase of United States bonds of the
r> per cent loan of 1901. the 4 per cent fund
ed loan of 1907, the 3 per cent loan of 1908
1S:s and the 4 per cent loan of 1925, such
riisoontinuance to take effect at the close
of business to-morrow.
Secretary cf Treasury Desires to Over
come Tendency to Retire Bank
Circulation.
DiECOTfTIlTUZS PURCHASE
OF GOVERNMENT BONDS
The Rev. Frank Crane of the People's
Church preached the funeral sermon, and
Clarence S. Darrow, the former Gov
ernor's law partner, delivered an address.
Both speakers paid tributes to the sin
cerity and courage of Altgeld. The serv
irep were brief and simple. Many people
viere unable to get into the house. To
morrow morning the staff of Governor
Yates will escort the body to the public
Mbrary. where it will lie in state from 10
n. in. to 10 p. tn. A procession of civic
f>n<i poclal organizations x>n Sunday will
follow the body to Graceland Cemetery.
CHICAGO, March 14.— Funeral services
over the body of the late John P. Alt
pcld. former Governor of Illinois, were
held at the Altgreld home In Sheridan
Park to-day. Judges of the Cook County
hench, of which the decedent was once a
member, attended in a body, all courts
having adjourned. Many flags were at
half-mast throughout the city.
and Body Will Now Lie
in State.
Addresses in Sheridan Park Home
SERVICES FOB ALTGELD
jff ATLTZVTi BY SIMPLICITY
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., March 14.-Charles
Aziere. aged SO years, who was one of the
anti-slavery pioneers of Kansas, was
killed near Seneca. Kansas, to-day. In a
runaway. He owned a large stock ranch
ner Seneca, and driving a spirited team of
youngr horses left for Seneca this morning.
That was the last seen of him until three
hours later he was found near the road
unconscious and dying. He was a. strong
abolitionist in the early days of Kansas,
end took part In many of the border bat
tles.
Famous Kansas Pioneer Killed.
THE Bay City Club was suspended
last night by the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union and
will not be 'able to hold amateur
boxing exhibitions until reinstated. Action
in the matter was taken at a special meet
ing. The Bay City Club had persisted In
violating the laws of the association, and
the suspension was the unanimous verdict
of the delegates from the various clubs.
Manager Crowley of the Bay City Club
vras there to plead in behalf of his or
ganization, but his efforts were futile.
The evidence against the boxing club wag
too strong and he was unable to refute it.
It was admitted by Mr. Crowley that Rob
tie Johnson, the bantam-weight boxer,
had told him_ an untruth when he stated
he had not 'received more than $35 for
taking part in preliminary contests to
professional fights. Mr. Crowley denied
that his club had given money to ama
teurs and appealed to the association to
give his club an opportunity to show that
in future it would live up to the rules.
.The meeting was called to order by
11-esident W. B. Hinchman. After Secre
tary Hauser had reported various mat
ters George James, a delegate from the
Olympic Club and chairman of the com
mittee on registration, read a lengthy re
port, in which he told of the dereliction
of the Bay City Club in permitting Rob
bie Johnson, a suspended amateur, to
fight oefore the club. He said the com
mittee had imposed a fine of $25 on the
Bay City Club for its action. He dwelt
at length on the assistance given the
committee by the Board of Supervisors.
Upon motion of Secretary Hauser the
rules were suspended and the delegates
took up the report. " A motion was made
to suspend the Bay City Athletic Club.
Manager Crowley then addressed the
meeting at length, and when he concluded
Mr. Rothkopf moved that a secret ballot
be taken. This was defeated by a vote
of 13 to 2. The vote to suspend the Bay
City Club was carried unanimously. The
delegates from the San Francisco and
Kayes Valley Athletic clubs declined to
vcte.
H. H. Herdman was appointed commis
sioner of athletics in the Northwest. Dave
Atkinson, the Reliance football player,
who was suspended for striking an um
pire, asked to be reinst ated, but the mat
ter was referred back to the registration
committee.
Amateur Boxing Organi
zation Is Severely
Punished.
Pacific Athletic Associa
tion Passe; Judg
ment.
BAY CITY CLUB
IS SUSPENDED
INDEFINITELY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SATURDAY; MARCH 15, 1902:
Thousands of Sightseers Throng the Sidewalks and
Enjoy the Exhibition of Animals.
NORRIS AND ROWE'S CIRCUS
GIVES NIGHT STREET PARADE
5
PR. PIERCE'S R-RTVTTmiES.
N.^S§P!£l If tile teaciler could
I WtWRrfrr?^ away the blotches
|/|tfl*p£S>» irom her skin as easily
MBaHm|BB as she does the caricature
|HH^ra||B|B"with its pimply face, she,
ffPflii®e^»lS!3 ' wou ld be a happy
Pagi^S.^^SS^jnw woman .
|||||32||2gB5n| Pimples and eruptions
MBgBMsBBM *4 are more than a disfcgure-
|ffcjs|||if^ffi|i ment to a woman, — they
IIHbIJBmBiIb tnake her sensitive and
jyaffl^^|SSM unhappy. The way to
InaSMuiivi cle^ nse the s1 * ia ls to
1 Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery pnrifies the blood, and re-
moves the clogging accumulations and
poisons which corrupt it. When thesa
are removed, pimples, boils, eruptions,
sores, and other consequences of impure
blood are entirely cured.
"For about one rear and a half my face was
very badly broken out," write* falsa Carria
Adam*, of 116 "West Main St., Battlecreek. Mich.
" I spent a great deal of money with doctors and
for different kinda of medicine, but received no
benefit. At last I obtained a bottle of Dr. Pierce'*
Golden Medical Discovery. Before I bad takea
one bottle of this medicine I noticed a change,
and after taking three bottles I was entirely
cured. I can well recommend Doctor Pierced
Golden Medical Discovery to any one similarly
afflicted."
Accept no substitute for the w Discov-
ery." • There is nothing "just as good "
for impure blood and skin diseases.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, 1008 pages, is given away. Send
21 one-cent stamps expense of mailing
only, for the book in paper covers, or 31
stamps for the volume. bound in cloth.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
••••••••••••••••••••••
• TLEASUKE ANT> " COMFORT GO ®
' I* HAND LV HAND •
2 When mounted on a 1903 model '
• CLEVELAND, SHELL OR TRIB-o
| UNE BICYCLE. 2
© $30, $40. and $50. 3
5? BARGAINS IX SECOND - HAND $
~ BICYCLES. O
® -List mailed for the asking. •
• leavit¥~& bill, •
2 3or-3O9 LAKKin ar* **
oeooooooooo«oe*o*ooooeSpecial information. supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery^ street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Kaiser's statement that an honorary degree
from Harvard is the highest honor the United States
can confer is a pretty compliment to Harvard, but it
sounds like gross flattery. .
flBBBBmMttMHMMr y ' -mm
BOUND ROBIN— G. D., City. A "Round
Robin" Is- a 'petition 'or .'protest 'signed in
j.uch a manner 'that no name ; heads the
list. The signatures are placed in a cir
cular form. The device Is French, and
•round - robin" is a corruption of • roud
.British authorities have decided to copy Uncle
Sam and pay British soldiers living wages. It will
take something;-, more than /this, however, to make
Tommy Atkins the peers of the Bov in Blue
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frien.is.
639 Market at.. Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
If night, marauders and footpads "continue their
.desperate operations;in this city, as, a matter of truth
in the official records we will have to list highway
robbcry>as/ one of the' recognized'' industries of the
town.
Chicago is trying, for murder -a man who promised'
to commit suicide with a woman and then refused* to
honor the compact after the woman had killed 'her
self. It almost seems. asiif the fellow's life -were
hardly worth the trouble and expense of a trial..
HARDSHIP OF WAR— C. H.. . Beaver
Hill, Or. The recent war with Spain
shows that many of the sons of profes
t-ional men and of rich men, that Is young
men who were brought ; up : in luxury,
stood the hardships of war equally well
with those who were brought up in the
ordinary walke of life.
SEQUENCE IN CRIB-A. S., Newvllt.
Cal. It makes no difference in cribbaee
how the cards are played to count a
sequence. 4, 2, 1, 3, 5 will count a Vun \5
five just as if the cards had been p? ave d
1. 2. 3. 4, 5. The cards: played inth.
der. first given there is no ri'for t £ fl !£
three cards, but the pl a y er of 'the fourfh
card would be entitled to a run oS
Un( L th ! £ eXt pla y er » w ho placed a twl
on the. table, to a run of five. a« the cards
con be counted in sequence order If a
led with a nlne.B followed with an eieht
and O then played a ten, O would be en
titled to a run of three and one for last
card. >•.••"
They are now talking in the East of" a game called
"parlor football;" „ but we advise no one to try it
until' "receiving full specifications', and a guarantee
against the development of something like a bull in
a china shop. .
PROPERTY— S. J. S., City. This cor
respondent; writes : : "Please let me know
hew I can find out who owns certain
property that I -would like to buy, but do
not know who the owner Is." Inquire of
the people in the neighborhood for tho
name and residence of the owner of the
desired property. -V"
Connecticut is responsible for the being of an in
teresting person who predicts that the world is about'
to be wiped out by a monstrous deluge, which will
sweep from the south pole, overrun Europe and"*
Asia, turn around the north pole and put the'Amer
icas out 'of '.business. It is .encouraging that he has
left us for the last deal in this diverting game, even
if we do hold some pronounced opinions with refer
ence to his proper place on earth. ' *
New York seems to have discovered a new brand
of whisky: : A few days ago one of her bibulous citi
zens believed to . be dead slept twelve hours on a
morgue slab, then went home apparently suffering no
discomfiture. /v s
REPRESENTATIVES-J. K., Skyland
Santa Cruz County, CaL The number of
members in the United , States House of
Representatives is 356. On the first of
January its complexion was Republican
198. Democrats 153, Populists 4, vacancy 1
California has seven members i n t h «
House at this time. Under the reaoDor
tionment. according to the figures of th»
twelfth census. California will be en
titled to one more » Representative Th~
ratio of. representation in the House a.?
cording to the census of 1900 i 8 moo,"
The salary of a Representative is ssoto t
year. **^ u a
BOB TAIL DISCHARGE— C. H... Bea
ver Hill, .Or.' A bob tail discharge" in the
army is a discharge with the part for
the character of the holder cut off. Such
Is given* when the enlisted man has de
meaned himself in such a manner. as not
to deserve a good character from the com
manding officer. \
WINNING A BATTLE— C. H., Beaver
Hill, Or. Battles are not always won by.
the same method and it cannot be said
that it is the shrewdness, of the com
manding officer or the fighting quality of
the enlisted men that wins; both, how
ever, enter into the clement of success.
PROOF-READING - Subscriber, " Oak
land, Cal. Tobea good proofreader the
party must be well up in the language
must be a good grammarian and must
understand the art of printing so as to
be up in style. There are general proof
readers who correct everything and there
are critical proofreaders who correct onlv
typographical errors. The best place to
study proof-reading Is in the proofroom
beginning by being copy-holder for a
time. .
An Illinois drummer making a rush for a train
slipped on some rice that had been thrown after a
bridal pair and broke. his, leg. He sued the railroad
for ; damages and got a verdict, and now the railroad
company has issued the order: "Rice-throwing by
bridal parties is strictly forbidden on the platform,
in the 'waiting rooms or at the gates." Of , course
there is no- justice in the order. The railroad should
have forbidden' drummers from doing the rush- act
at their stations. '
MONEY IN BANK— A.; O. S., City. If
husband and deposit money in bank
it is presumably community property, and
as the husband has the absolute right of
disposition of community property the
wife would not have , the right to assign
the same to another party.
"That's funny. There are lots of doc
tors who are fussy old women. "—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
"I see that a Western professor says It
Is impossible to make a doctor of a wo
man."
Prospective Bride— Yes. We are to ba
married three weeks from next Thursday
The first ceremony will be in his church,
the second in my church and the third
at pa's country seat.— Baltimore Ameri
can.
Her Cou3ln— All the details of the wed
ding are arranged, I presume?
"Why do you jump at that conclusion ?"
"Because they don't call it speculation
when the cashier wins."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"That Eastern cashier speculated."
"And of course was unsuccessful "
"I am looking," said the stranger In the
mining camp, "for a man of the name of
William Jones. I have traced Mm here,
but can get no further record of him."
"The last time I saw Bill," spoke up a
grizzled old fellow back of the stove. "h« ;
was. thawing out a stick of dynamite."—
Chicago Tribune.
Mrs. Gaussip— I understand from Mra.
Jokey that your doctor has been guilty
cf conduct unbecoming a gentleman. >
Mrs. Meekley— Oh! yes-
Mrs. Gaussip— For goodness' sake 1
How? When— . / P '
Mrs. Meekley— Oh! Constantly. My
doctor's a lady.— Philadelphia Press.
PILGRIM FATHERS— G. C. B.. City.
The names of Howe and Emerson do not
appear In the list of the Pilgrim Fathers
_who came over on the Mayflower In 1620.
Neither does the name. of Clark appear,
but' there Is the name of Richard Clarke,
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
K.. Skyland. Santa
United States Senate on the 1st of last
January was Republicans 56. Democrats
29. Populists, Independent and Fusionin
one each and vacancies two. George C
Perkins, the senior Senator from Cali
fornia, resides In Oakland, and Thomas
R» Bard, the junior Senator. .resides in
Hueneme. The salary of a /Senator is
55000 per year. v- ' - . ~i"
RILEY'S MEN— C. H.. Beaver Hill, Or.
When Riley cf the United States army
was ordered to China with picked men he
selected those who. had gained a reputa
tion as fearless men and ready to do duty
under any and all circumstances.
JUDGE WALLACE— L. L., City. Judge
William T. Wallace, the Superior Judge
who while on the bench imposed heavy
penalties on wrongdoers, was still alive
on the 25th of February.
JURIEs_j. s> , Log Gat
aifference between a Grand and a iSit
ury is that the power of the fortnS £
to inquire if a crime has been commit!
ted or 'any wrong within the law been
done and present an information or ta
dlctment upon which a warrant is issued
called a bench warrant. That body does
not try cases, but th= petit jury passes
upon the facts of cases presented and re
turns a verdict according to the testi-
NEW YORK, March 14.— The following
named Calif ornlans have arrived:
San Francisco— F. C. D. Bonner, at the
St. Denis; F. Clark, at the Netherland; B.
Davis, at the'Vendome; S. Hayman.'aL
Silverberg, at the Savoy; J. Mendelsen, at
the Herald Square; W. F. Pierce, at the
Imperial: L M. Scott, at the Holland; W.
W. Trent, at the Ashland.
San Jose— S. P. Hatcher, at the Martbor
ough. .
Californians in ITe-w York.
SAN JUAN HILL— C. H., Beaver Hill,
Or. The troops that led at San Juan
Hill were the New York Seventy-first and
the Sixth and Sixteenth regulars.
'• MINNESOTA REGIMENT-H., City.
The Minnesota Regiment returned to San
Francisco from the Philippines Septem
ber 7. 1899. .
S- fctt S.MS5£as?- T SiSS
MRS. McKINLEY-A. A. P., Watson
ville, Cal. The address of Mrs. McKlnley,
-widow of the late President, is Canton,
Ohio. - ¦.>-:,
MARRIAGE LICENSE-A., O. C, City.
The first license to authorize marriage Is
sued in the new City Hall was in 1885.
WASHINGTON. March 14.— TlCe follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived at the
hotels: Arlington— H. C. Long, J. M. Long
Jr., J. Ebilson, W. J. Buckley and wife,
San Francisco. Metropolitan — W. H.
Browne, Los Angeles. St. James— H. c!
White, Oakland; M. C/Whyte, B. N. de
Leon and wife, P.\A. deLeon, W. de Leon,
San Francisco. Wlllard— A. Batch and'
wife, Los Angeles; L. A. Brunson, R. P.
Scherwln, George M. Wheaton and wlfei
J. H. Miller, A. B. Bowers, San Francisco'
Shoreham— Charles P. Drake and wife
Los Angeles; H. Franklin. San Francisco.'
Calif ornlans In Washington.
HALF DOLLAR-I. ' N. B., Angels
Camp, Calaveras County, Cal. There i3
no premium on a half dollar of 18Z7. ,
.implements" as ab0Te , , ™ °'"°'
ONE OF 1830-M. E. G., Napa, Cal. A
dime of 1830 la not one of the coins desig
nated aa a premium com.
HER ADDRESS— Subscriber, City. The
address of Mrs. Antonio Terry (Sybil
Sanderson) is Paris.
BOGUS DOLLAR-F. R., City The an
swer to your question. "Does a bogus doT
la, 'dated 1903 command a premium?" t
t^l + th e Premium you would be entitled
NO PREMIUM— W. K., City.. No pre
mium Is ottered for a Victoria half penny
cf 1875.
A DIME— F. G., Oakland, Cal. There is
no premium offered for a dime of 1S34.
(round) ruban <ribbon). It was first
adopted by officer* of the French Gov
ernment to make known their grievances.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. Me.
Cormlck and Freight Traffic Manager
William Sproule of the Southern Pacific
Company left last evening for El Paso to
meet President E. H. Harriman and Traf
fic Director J. C. Stubbs, who ar© coming
to the coast.
T. O. Toland, a member of the Stata
Board of Equalization, Is here from Ven
tura and is at the Lick.
. T. J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, with headquarters at
Sacramento, is at the California.
L. Gerlach, a cattle dealer of Stockton,
is spending a few days at the Grand 'with
his wife.
William E. Smythe, a prominent real
dent of San Diego, 13 a guest at the
Grand. -
Dr. F. E. Raynes of Angels Camp la at
the Grand.
P. JIcRae, an oil man of Hanford. la
registered at the Lick.
J. A. Reeves, a Salt Lake railroad man,
Is among the arrivals at the LJck.
When he lands at home he can tell the sociali^s
something if he will, end he can tell the absolutists
something if he will. He found here a people
highly individual, ambitious and progressive, without
the socialistic dream of level conditions enforced
upon all, and he found a government that to analysis
yields no trace of absolutism. His grandfather be
lieved in the divine right of kings, and his brother
acts upon that ancient theory of empires. Here he
found a stronger government, less liable to decay,
founded on the divine right of the people. In the
far future, when the spirit of revolution may again
ferment from the Skager Rack to the Sea of Mar
ojora, if he, feel, its touch, as he may, for he is young
let him take comfort though the house of Hohenzol-
Jern' may totter and fall, for he Jias seen a social state
in which the people take care of the government
and the government does not take care of the people,
America wishes him well whatever befall, and is glad
to have had his wholesome presence
He found here a Government in antipodal contrast
with the strong bureaucratic organization of his own.
He found it mainly occupied in governing and not in
business. He found business left to the enterprise of
the people in their private capacity, and as a result
he' found the best and cheapest transportation system
in the world, serving its patrons with the greatest
safety, speed, luxury and satisfaction. He found in
the abstention of Government from interference with
the enterprise and personal affairs of the people the
greatest growth the world ever saw, and he found
here his countrymen risen in a larger liberty and
completing their characters and rounding out their
lives upon a sturdy German foundation to an extent
unknown in their fatherland. Here he saw the effect
Of liberty upon the individual, giving him initiative
•and self-poise, and upon the Government, giving it
tTie benefit, of that aggregate independence" and
strength. . . . .;-•?.¦£ -- .
During all his sojourn he made no break. Aware
of the cosmopolitan nature of our population and
the many contacts of our foreign relations, he never
by word or manner touched the prejudices of the
one or disturbed the peace of the other. Our people
forgot that he was a Prince and he that we were
strangers. So his tour ended with our impression of
the vastness of his good sense and his of the vastness
of our country. ¦
a MERICANS arc often amused by European
/V ignorance of this country. Abroad there is
-*¦ '*¦ only a nebulous idea of our extent, of our
political geography, of the distribution and variety of
our resources, and of our transportation as related to
the development of the country. While it is true that
we also are to a degree ignorant of Europe, that lack
of knowledge is not as marked. This is because we
liaxe received immigration from -every European
country,' and the immigrants have-not only brought
with them knowledge of the locality whence they are
transplanted, but American curiosity is piqued to
know all ibout the country of the strangers who set
lie in the midst # of them. In addition to this ten
Americans travel in Europe to one European who
travels in the United States. These travelers bring
back knowledge of the lands they- visit. Though we
poke fun at our fellow citizen who begins conversa
tion with "When I was in Europe," it remains the
fact that he gives us knowledge even if we' profess to
be amused by him.
The coming of the Prince of Prussia, his tour in
the country, his excellent entertainment by our peo
ple, and the full report of it all in European papers
will spread abroad more knowledge of America than
could be imparted by any other means. He proved
tc.be an eminently sensible 3'oung German gentle
man, with perfect command of our language, a keen
faculty for observing, zn unfailing good humor, and
the pleasantest appreciation of the fact that while he
came as a Prince he was welcomed as a gentleman.
He was as democratic as an American mechanic, as
observant as an Indian trailer, and as vigorous in his
enjoyment 2s a schoolboy on vacation.
• PRINCE HENttY'ri VISIT.
PERSOiNAL MENTION.
The issue is now approaching so close to settle
ment that the country will be greatly disappointed if
any further delay carry it over to another ses
sion. Should it be found impossible to carry the bill
in favor of the Nicaragua route the majority of the
people would gladly have both houses accept the ,
Spooner emendment authorizing the President to ar-\
range for constructing a canal by either route; and.
leaving it-to him to select the best. The country is"
not devoted to either Nicaragua or Panama. It"'de
sires an isthmian canal and demands that this Con?'
gress provide for its construction.
Senator Hanna asked for delay on the ground that
the Colombian Minister has probably been detained
by untoward circumstances, and that it would be no
more than fair to wait until he had an opportunity
to state the position of his Government with respect
to the Panama route. There is no apparent reason,
however, why he cannot make his statement after
the bill is before the Senate. It is certain it will not
pass that body in a hurry. _'
During the conference which resulted in the vote
to report Senator Morgan, chairman of the commit
tee, stated that he had been informed by Secretary
Hay that there are no negotiations "in progress be
tween .the United States and Colombia concerning
the Panama route, and that the new. Minister from
that country has not yet even presented his creden
tials, so there' is no telling when negotiations may
begin. On the other hand t"he representatives of
Nicaragua and Costa Rica have been in consultation
upon the subject and have agreed upon virtually all
the points to be covered in the concession treaties,
hardly anything in fact remaining to be done except
to put the agreement in writing. The Secretary had
added the further information that the governments
of the two countries had manifested a disposition to
make all concessions 'the United States could ask.
The supporters of the Nicaragua route can hardly
be accused of undue hasi<i or of trying to rush their
bill through the Senate. The matter has been under,
consideration f6r years. It will be subject to a pro
longed discussion in the Senate and ample oppor
tunity will then be afforded to bring forward any
amendment that may be desired. # It is, therefore,
nothing more than right that the issue be
brought before the Senate as speedily as possible. It,
is the well nigh unanimous desire of the American
people to have, the question settled at this session of
Congress, so that wrork may begin. As a matter of
fact, Congress has been talking about the canal for
more than a half-century, and it is time to take ac T .'¦
tion.
WHILE the vote by which the Senate Com
mitfee on the Isthmian Canal decided to
report the Hepburn bill to the Senate does
not in itself indicate that the Nicaragua route will
be adopted by the Senate/ it nevertheless shows that
the advocates of that route are eager for action, while
their opponents are seeking delay. Moreover, as the
vote stood seven for an immediate report to four
against it, there is at least a show of reason for be-,
lievingthat r6iite will command a majority when the
final vote is taken. •: '. , ) '. v.
A recent dispatch from Washington says that Re
publicans as well as Democrats in that city are < of
the opinion that New York is going to be the most
important battlefield in the Congressional elections
this fall/and that it is_by no means impossible it
may elect ~a Democrat to succeed* Governor
Odell. New York is never a sure State for either
party/and is likely to make extraordinary flops from
one side to the other. In 1872 Grant carried the
State by 53,000 plurality,. but two years later Tilden
carried it by 50,000 and became .the Democratic
candidate for the Presidency. Cleveland had a simi
lar experience, and it is not by any means sure there
may not be a repetition of the flop this year. .
These facts render the New York situation a mat
ter of national importance and enable Hill to loom
above Bryan on the political horizon: When the
South breaks away / and follows New York the
strength of Bryanism will vanish, for he has little or
none in thj West. It appears, therefore, that the
period of Populist supremacy in the ¦ - Democratic
ranks is. about over. Bryan may as well: make his
plans to reorganize the Populist party. Democracy
has no further ; use for him, ¦
SOME time ago The Call directed attention to
the fact. .that -there had been introduced into
the Mississippi Legislature, a? resolution "de
claring that, the Democracy of the 1 South should
j unite with that of the North and the East instead of
following any longer the leadership which' in two
Presidential 'campaigns "has solidified those 'sections
against Democratic candidates rand ..caused -their
overwhelming: defeat.";'? TheV.resoluticrt ,was evi
dently t held^^r consideration' for a' long' time;; for
}\ :'?• «oen|ly|that^^^new^lia's]com^;bf |ls adop
*i on \ > Ia the- end^t; was carried.'with a; vigor, which
atoned for the delay in taking a vote on it. The
dispatch says: , "It was adopted by an almost
unanimous vote, amid great excitement. The mem
bers of the House mounted on their desks, waved
their hands and yelled themselves hoarse.".
This declaration from the extreme South gives
strength to the movement now going on in New
York to recover the leadership of the party. It also
gives an increased public interest to the plans of the
New York leaders, for it seems <o assure to them
the domination of. the Democratic party in the next
national campaign. The efforts of Hill and Nixon to
bring Tammany and the State Democracy into har
mony are therefore significant of something more
than State politics.
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL EILL.
NEW YORK DEMOCRACY^
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A "SNATCH-PROOF" purse has Just appeared in Paris. It is in leather, long
and narrow, easy to clasp in the hand, and around it is a. strong strap
attached to a solidly fastening bracelet.
So even if the thief snatches at the purse he cannot detach it froru
the strap, which holds it solidly to the bracelet When not in the hand the j
purse^ hangs to the wrist, so that the forgetful woman need no longer fear leav- '
ing her purse on the table.
Such an adventure has befallen a well-known American woman, who went to .
be fitted in a great dressmaking establishment. She laid her purse on the dress
ing table. It was in gold and well filled with money. She left the room, for- !
getting the purse. Five minutes later she returned for it, and, although only
four people had entered that room— the head of the establishment, • th'e fitter,
the premiere and the American woman— the purse" could not be found. Another
American woman was luckier. Having laid aside her rings, she went off and !
forgot them after her fitting. Later in the day she remembered them and went
back to find them. The effort was vain. Several weeks afterward the chief
of the establishment where she had been fitted sent her an urgent note begging
her to come at once to his house, as her jewelry had. been found. " She went.
Upon arrival she was met by a Catholic priest; the head of the establishment
and the premiere. . ...
The priest told his strange story as he handed her back her lost Jewelry. It
had been remitted to him in the confessional by a woman who declared she be
longed to the fashionable world, and had entered the fitting-room shortly after
the rings had been left there. The temptation to take them was too strong. She
yielded, but remorse seized her, and she sought the priest to return them, in
order that none of the little employes about the dressmaker's establishment
might be accused of the*theft. • ,
A RECENT PARIS INVENTION IS A PURSE WHICH DEFIES THIEVES
AND WHICH WILL, PROVE A B OON TO LADIES WHO ARE CARE
' LESS WHILE SHOPPING. -
S ATURD AY]" ... ~ . ... .7. . . « . . . ] MARCH 15, 1902
¦JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
i.d£r«« All Common iefcticts to fc\ 8. LEAEE, Bftnagtr. .
MANAGER'S OFFICE. . . .' . . .Telephone PreM 204
rUBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, S. B\
- ... '. ..Telephone Prea* 'SOI*
CDITOIIIAL ROOMS... ..217 to 221 Sterenson St.
¦:.....,' Telephone l'r*n« 202. , ' . - '• -•'•
Oellrered *»y Currier*. 15 <Jrnt* Pe* WeetV
| Simple Copten. :. Cen<i. ¦
- - Term* by Mali. Including Poatairet
DAXI/T CAUL, Clncludlng . finnday). • one rear..;. ;.-.... ....$8.00
X> AILT CAM/ Onchifllng Sunday). « month* ....;. '. ....'...' 8 . 09
DAIL.T CALL Ondndln* Sunday). S months... -. l.M
DAILT CALtr— By Elnele Month * «5c
FUND AT CAX.U On* T«-ar 1-90
WEEKLY CALU On* Tear.. 1*00
All poftmaitcr* (are nnthorited to reeelre
¦nb«cription«.
' Ewr.pla copies will ba forwarded whan requesttd.. .
lf«n . cntscrlbem In crflerins chanire of addres* nboald >.*
ParUcelar to civ* both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order -
tc liurer* * prompt end correct compliance with their reqm«t.
DAJ5XAXD OFFICE 1 US Broa d rrny
. --'. C. GEORGE KROG7TKSJI.
r*ttptr rertign Airertiiing, Ktrquttte BsQdia;, Cileajj.
UjOUk DIstasc* Telephone "Central 2«1».">
. . NEW TORK CORRJESPOJIDEIfT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Savart
JtEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: :
ITEPHEX B. SMITH ...30 Tribvne Bnlldtms
V CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Snermen Bonse: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Hocoe; Aadttoiium Hotel. ¦ ¦
iWTASHnrGTOJf <D. C) OFFICE. . . .1400 O St.. Tf. "W.
HORTOK E. CRA9TK, Correspondent. >
BH.AJTCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, correr of Clar. open
crttl 8:80 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»-£0 o'clock. 1941 MlzElcn. open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Uerkc-t, comer Sixteenth. o?>en until 0 o'clock. 1093 "Va
' lencJa. open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e'eiock. KW. corner Twenty-seccnd and Kentucky, open
uctll 9 o'clock. 2200 Fllltnore. open vntil !) p. m,
With slender resources the society
seems to have dene, or to be doing, a
great deal for the literary profession, in
spite of the curious behavior of one au
thor, who wrote saying he meant to with
draw his subscription, now that he hail
put all' his affairs into the hands of a lit
erary agent. The chief reason which in
duces many to join the Authors' Society
seems to be the opportunity of getting
cheap legal assistance during the year.
The secretary, who is a solicitor, dealt
with 102 cases, of which the greater num
ber referred to the return of manuscripts.
- The committee is naturally jubilant
over its first pensioner, a lady with
acknowledged claims as an author, to
whom one would have supposed the re
turns from her novels would have given
an income rendering a pension unneces
sary.
This may give the literary aspirant
some food for reflection. 7 .J>:<-
There is abou| to be published the re
port, of the committee of management of
the Society of Authors for the year ending
December, 1901, a document "naturally as
interesting to authors as any report of a
commercial company to its shareholders
or to the general public.
Among the books promising to be inter
esting is "The Operatic Problem," a short
account of the systems under which opera
is conducted on the Continent, with a
scheme for the establishment of a na
tional opera in England.
The life of the late Marquis of Dufferin
and Ava, by C. IL Black, which the
Messrs. Atchinson' are' about to publish,
has been a long tfme in preparation. In
deed, the distinguished diplomatist re
vised the greater part of the work before
he was stricken down by his fatal illness.
Black was one of Lord Dufferin's most
intimate friend3, and consequently has
been able to supply many details in his
brilliant career which were omitted neces
sarily in the brief obituary notices of the
newspapers.. The volume -will contain a
large number . of illustrations, together
with a portrait. - '
A few years ago the Lenten season
was certain to affect materially the sale
of novels and to call forth a correspond
ing increase in the demand for theological
books. Such influence has been felt but
little this year. The sale of book3 strictly
pertinent to the season has been almost a
negligible quantity.
The demand for book3 on the campaign
in South Africa has also quite fallen off,
while handbooks on the new game of
ping'-pong are having a tremendous sale.
Earl Ronaldshay has lately completed
a book, to which" he gives the title of
"Sport and. Politics Under an Eastern
Sky." In the first half he describes his
experiences while hunting the ibex, mark
horn and other big game in the highlands
of . liashmir. He. also gives an account of
his perilous crossing of the Himalayas in
the middle of -winter. The second portion
of the book describes an overland journey
from Simla to -London, by way of Quetta.
Seistan, Meshed and. the Caspian. The
volume is to be illustrated with reproduc
tions of photographs taken by Lord Ron
aldshay. It will be published by Black
wood & Sons.
Such an official cannot be re-elected. Should he* be nominated he would. split the
party and weaken the whole ticket. The strength of the Republican press of the. State is
against him. The Republican sentiment of his own section is against him. Even.' a ma
jority of his neighbors* are against him. The opposition to him is well founded and will
not cease should he be nominated. Stanch and true Republicans in California do not vote
for "yellow dogs" even in years that promise a walkover. The renomination of" Gage
will mean defeat for the party. That is the situation, and it behooves the rank and file of
the party to heed it. The scheme of the bosses must be baffled and beaten. '* ¦¦.'; ' ¦
That Gage will be repudiated if nominated is beyond question. 'His" record; is be
fore the people, and it is not the -kind of ; that wins popular support.' From the
moment he entered office he has been the willing tool of EEeFriri and • of- Burns. His. ap
pointments to office have been made at their dictation Or recommendation. Upon them
and their henchmen he has conferred not only all the customary spoils of politics, but he
has made official positions in such institutions as the State Normal' School at San.ljose
and the Home for Feeble-Minded Children a prey to worthless politicians .for the sake ot
adding to the spoils. In fact his whole career from the time he began by seeking to force
a Republican Legislature to, elect Burns to the Senate, down to'this time when he is,seek
ing to force a renomination for himself, has been that of an ally, of the bosses — a -tool of
the railroads. / . .- v ; V ->"¦•¦ • „
Are we to have that history, repeated in the : State Herrin j and
Burns to be "permitted without opposition 'to orgahize..the^petty;, bosses^ airtd • spoils politi
cians throughout .the State and get: control of* the Republican Statexcohyentionr Are
stanch Republicans to permit, this combination of bosses- toj;^ominate a^Sta'te^ticket" as
the city ticket was nominated, and then Jrepuiiiate^ it at the fpolls the' city.; ticketi; was
repudiated, or will the^ act. now and save the' party? ' ;^ \ : : V -? ' :. v
"X "tf * 7 HILE the. rank and file of the^. RepuWicarf;X)arty u Are.engagedJn.priyate__busi
\ /%'¦/ ness > leaving- all thought of the appro^hing^pqUticalicampaign for later con
\l \/ ¦•*' 6ideration, the bosses who seek to? control Uolh> parties and to dominate} the
f - -State are already actively at work.; : 'been arranged^; their
machinery organize^, their • henchmen are in\the field. :: .Believing that -the -Republi
can party' is well nigh certain to elect its ¦ candidates, ;tr^^lli^^6^ses;a>e -directing; tfieii
efforts mainly to that organization; and notwithstanding the 'secrecy -in wliich they have
sought to conceal their aims, enough -'has. been disclosed to reveal ;tb the ptfblic'Jthatfthey
intend to force^the renomination of. Governor Gage. >/;<' r ;; '¦;• ./-^^¦: ,-"-'' . ; ; ; ;j; .
This determination of the bosses 'precipitates "the "camp of it
can be no. longer postponed.- -Honest -remain
silent and inactive while Herrin, Burns and 'Lynch^arefa^woifk/to-foist^an unworthy^ can
didate upon the party.: \*--;,' 'Q-^>- v : : : /">•'¦¦ '; •"¦*•.' '¦' -'¦ "'¦ ; v^-#;| -' "kv ; 7 - ' s -> -.•,-„' '¦ '}-\ :
The experience of Republicans in\ San Ffanciscoiii. thel! "last ; city .election teaches a
lesson that is pertinent to this issue; In that el^
victory so bright that the contest, was popularly spokeri|6i ;as;- a^"waIkbyer;'tRestihg^ iri'tliat
delusion large numbers of Republicans gave rib attention?- to ;;th^ preliminary work* of the
campaign. The result was that the'Democfatic boss bi^ft
Pacific Railroad, : acting in combination witli the lbtal- bosses ; both •; ? Democratic ¦: and Re
publican, carried the .primaries, \packecl .the party, :ConVention^ : ahd'diGtated i a"ticket'.'triat
meant nothing but boss m(e. The. result is^ known.- Tn place' of/:yictbry' there* was defeat.'
What promised to be a 'walkover "ended in a-rbut.' /, U-: ,* : . 'T-fS'- • - ? ¦ -¦ v
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
"SN ATCH-PROOF" PURSE
LATEST THING OUT
THE - BOHEMH OF THE' BOSSES.
THE SAN IFBANOISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAKOH 15, 1902.
6
Central— "Oliver Twist."
Alcazar — "A Coat cf Many Colors." I
Columbia — "Arizona. ' '
Orrbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The House That Jaclc Built."
Fischer'e Theater— "The French Maid."
California — "The "White Slave."
Tivoli — "The Serenade." . »
Chutez, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening-.
8herman-Clay Hall — Katharine Fisk this afternoon.
m Mechanics' Pavilion — Norris & Rowe'e BIk Shows.
Alhambra Theater — Juvenile Fairy Dances, thia afternoon
end evenins-
Bay • Excursion to Vallejo — Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Rec«s to-day. ¦
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. Layng — Thursday. March 20, at 11 o'clock. 150
head cf Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By McGlyan & Menton— Friday. March 21, at 12:15 o'clock.
stock of cbe Flcres Hale, & Company, at room 22. Chronicle
tralldinc.- George Mayerle. German > Expert Optician,
£n trance 1071 Market; look for eye with crown.
SANTA ROSA, March 14. — Santa. Eoa* Pa.-
lor Native Sens of the Golden West, has taken
steps toward brlngln* the Oth of September
celebration to this dtT.
Services will be held at 7:30 o'clock to
morrow evening at; St. Francis Church,
Vallejo street, in honor of St. Parick.
Rev. Father Caraher. rector of St. Fran
cis parish, who has lately returned from
a visit to Ireland/ will deliver the pane
gyric on St. Patrick. Benediction of the
Services in Honor St. Patrick.
The suit i of the Milwaukee Mechanics*
Insurance. Company against Warren "&
Langtree for $12,976 07, an action com
menced in 1895, ¦ was dismissed yesterday
by Judge Hebbard.:- The insurance com
pany claimed that the defendants, while
acting as court agents for the corporation,
Old Suit Is Dismissed.
Emma Nevada is to give a matinee con
cert April 5 at Mills College for. the bene
fit of the Llsser Hall fund. This will be
her last appearance in California.
Emma Nevada's Last Appearance.
blessed sacrament will follow the sermon,
the oVvotlons c'osirar with the slnglns of
the "Hymn to St. Patrick" by the entire
congregation.
received the amount sued for and failed
to account for it. -When the suit was
brought ,. a referee was appointed to go
.over the books of the company and those
of the agents, 'the latter claiming. that the
money ¦ was justly theirs. The referee
failed: to determine the rights of the con
testants after a long research. The suit
was dismissed upon his report.
General Hughes, who has been appoint
ed to the command of the Department of
California, will not assume the duties of
his new position for a few weeks, owing
to the necessity for his presence at the
national capital. His term of service in
this city will be of short duration, as he
is slated for retirement in about a year.
General Young will be officially relieved
to-day. Pending- the arrival of General
Hughes Colonel Rawles will be command
ing officer of the department.. Captain
James Bonayne, Nineteenth Infantry, has
been ordered to Manila on the transport
Meadc, which is scheduled to sail March
19. ¦ ¦ '
News in Army Circles.
The Board of Bank Commissioners is
sued . a ' license yesterday for the estab
lishment of a new, bank at Alvarado, to
be known as the Bank of Alvarado. The
authorized capital of the ihstitution is
J25 000, which is fully subscribed. W. H.
Layson has been chosen president and
August May cashier^
Issues License for N"ew;Bank.
The parishioners of St. Joseph's Church
will hold their entertainment to-night in
honor of the feast of St. Patrick at Ein
tracht Hall, Twelfth and Folsom streets.
The following programme will be pre
sented:
Overture, orchestra; vocal solo, J. Kelly;
violin solo, Irish airs, Francis J. O'Sullivan;
soprano solo, Mies Zila Clare Fahey; step
dance. Pearl Clough and Jessie Brown; tenor
»olo, "The Green Old Flag," Eugene O'Sulli
van; recitation, Thomas W. Hlckey; vocal se
lection. Miss Grace Breslln; quintet- for violins,
pupils of J. B. McGinn; cornet solo, S. Bon;
voca.1 solo. D. 6. Ahcrn; double Irish hornpipe.
Pearl Hickman and Bessie Allen; soprano solo'
Mre. D. M. Barns ; barytone solo, E. V. Mc-
Ginty; comic songs, Thomas Mahoney; man
dolin selections. Professor Graeber.
The committee in charge of the affair
is as follows:
President, T. E. Treacy; vice president, T.
J. GVeen; secretary, Daniel Fitzgerald; treas
urer. Rev. P. J. Keane; press and programme,
Frank Schilling; reception, John Dowling;
floor, J. McBrearty.
to Hold Exercises To-Nig-ht at
Eintracht Hall.
Parishioners of St. Joseph's Church
PBEPAEE TO CELEBRATE
' . FEAST OF ST. PATRICK
A dellffhiful dinner party wa« given by
Mr. and Mm Thnm&n Magee Jr. At the
Mr*, tt. I. fi.-f.it eava a luncheon yes
terday at her residence. It was & very
pleacar.i affair. d
• • •
. day for Europe. Mrs. Birming
ham will divide her time principally be
tween Paria end London, einging and
studying, for elx months. This talented
finger will be greatly mieped In Ban Fran
<!.-.' <•>. and ehe has been constantly in de
mand with hrr rare vojee to strengthen
rnusrtelnnientP end brighten social func
tions.
SOCIETY must lose for a time the
beautiful contralto voice and
charming per6onailty of Mrs. J.
E. Birmingham, as ehe leaves td-
Mrs. A. Haas entertained a number of
friends Thursday evening at her Van
Ness avenue residence.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Lent are again in
the city, having returned from Santa Bar
bara.
• • • • •
Mrs. XV. J. Dutton and Miss Dutton, also
Miss Azalea Keyes, leave to-day for a
six weeks' visit to Coronado.
Mrs. Henry C. Breedon has returned to
the city alter an extended trip to South
ern California. -
Mrs. Hobertson, Mrs. Cotton, Mrs. Samuel
M. EhortrMge, Mrs. E. F\ Burns, Mrs. Harris
Mre. M. Robln*on, Mrs. Freeze, Mrs. dune,
Mis* McDonnell, Mrs. Ellen Bennett, Miss
Lena James and Mrs. Otto Bhackelford.
Mrg. E. F. Burni entertained at her
home on Pierce Rtr«et Thursday after
noon, the occasion being a luncheon. Ited
tulips, interspersed with Rmilax, were the
principal feature of decoration. Over the
table was hung a large tulip .bell, which
was very effective. Thoee present were:
• • •
Mies Anna. Foster wan hndteen nt a very
? re . Uy J unPheon Bt h* r home In Ban Ha
fael Thursday afternoon. MIph Hagel
Noenan of Lea Angele§ was guest ef
honor. The decoration* were cnleny Jn
red and everything was perfectly an.
pointed, The guetn§ were charmingly en
tertained. Thong present were:
Mlii Prtrl Lander*, Miss JL«fltiiM Redlnrton,
Mi*a l.m.Ti. Mtei Kolety Patemon, MIbs
J^tji*& Harrington,' Mln llesel Noonan and
Ml** i,Ury Foeter.
Mr, and Mrs, Joseph fiadoe Tobin, Mr, and
Mm. J, Oegood Honker, Mr, and Mrs. Hlehard
Hayne. Mr. and Mrs. Chsrlep K. Mcjntogh,
Frank Ooad and Mr. and Mm, Robinson Klley,
Palaca Hotel Thursday evening, compli
mentary to Mr. and Mrs. Robinson Riley.
Pink roses were arranged upon the table
in excellent taste and the dinner was en
joyable in every particular. The guests
attended the theater after they had dined.
Thoee present were:
CLEVER SOCIETY WOMAN AND THE POSSESSOR OF A SPLENDID
VOICE WHO LEAVES TO-DAT FOR AN EXTENDED STAY IN THE
MUSIC CENTERS OF EUROPE.
Last summer Boss Kelly bore the brunt
of battle In San Francisco against the Re
publican Primary League. After the elec
tion Crlmmlns, Herrin and Lynch cheated
him. Kelly then resolved to form a club
of his own and give battle to his old
time partner. Crlmmins. and accordingly
opened the Alliance. Subsequently Herrin
and Crimmins cheated and betrayed
Burns and the "colonel" is now out with
a knife for Crimmins' political scalp. Un
der cover Herrin is lending assistance to
Crimmins, but Is openly professing friend
ship for Burns. As the bosses are fighting
and cheating one another there may be a
fine opportunity for electing anti-bogs del
egations to the Republican State Conven
tion.
Laurence Vincent, president: T. C. M&stel
ler, first vice president; I. Goldman, second
vice president; D. L. Reynolds, recording: sec
retary; James J. Murry, financial secretary;
Max Galllck. treasurer; A. C. Berthler, gen
eral organizer; Martin Kelly, chief deputy or
ganizer: M. .A. Smith, flrst sergeant at arms;
F. J. Melncke. second aereeant at arms.
. The nominating committee of the Re
publican Mutual Alliance met last night
and nominated the following permanent
officers:
Martin Kelly's Alliance.
Tho nubgequfmt literature to whleh the
fX'Qovprnor wan h ready contributor @dj.
fl*d the reeMflnt flnd tourlgt pepulatlen of
Pasadena. The ruthfr amusing fact wan
revealed that the PestmaBter was up to
his neck In dago politics, and wag himself
th« real blown In the bottle "Growler"
who wiib joining the Flint men on the
high road. 4 The per8un«iv», rather than
pernicious, activity of the Pasadena Pout,
master was cited and the Inference drawn
that President Hoogevelt's Injunction
against the interference of Federal of
flce holders in political squabbles whs
eurely applicable to tho "Growler." It
may still be a matter' of conjecture as to
where Marliham stands In the Guberna
torial fight, but there Is no doubt that tho
Postmaster is the leading Gagellght in
pRbddena.
The reincarnated Senator Simpson of
Sacramento memory dwells in Pasadena
and cherishes the illusion that another
term in the State Senate would enable
him to regain his lost prestige.. His fel
low citizens muy not feel inclined to again
place the former Senator in the path of
temptation. As a survivor of one of the
hardest and wettest Senatorial campaigns
ever fought on the soil of California he
should be content to rest. The devil is
still abroad in Sacramento, and the people
of .Pasadena may be constrained to send
to the State Senate a man posseslng the
resistant virtues of a Benjamin Hahn.
Even Melick, who has lived up to Pasa
denlan Ideals through several sessions of
the Legislature, is hardly willing to trust
himself for another term. •
Fostmni tor Is Smoked Out,
Now let us come nearer horn*. I have been
told that ex-Governor Markham has been
charged with the duty of delivering the Pa«a
dena delegation to Tom Flint, It has also been
told me that he has promised to deltver It,
The former I may believe, knowing on good
evidence that he )b go committed in that
quarter, Jlut I believe the eX'Qovernor Is
too aetute a politician to make rash promlneit,
Aii't I know that tf he intends to do this he
will have a devil of a fray on tils hand*,
U in also reported by grapevine from fit.
John avenua that Charley {jell )p to be tha
nominee for elerk of the Huprema Court m the
price ef thin Markh&m favor.
It is the common Impression amongpoli
ticlans or public men in Pasadena that
ex-Governor Markham proposes to lend
his influence to the support of Thomas
Flint. It is quite well known that he is
not going out of his way to sound the
praises of Gage. With a view of dispell
ing doubt as to Markham's attitude, the
"Growler" of the Pasadena Star sought
for a Markham rise and got it. The ques
tion, "Under Which King, Benzonian?"
was breezily handled by "The Growler"
in this style:
Los Angeles and Pasadena, however,
are cities in the mandatory class, and
delegates must be chosen according to the
manner prescribed in the law. In Pasa
dena Assemblyman W. S. Melick, editor
of the News; ex-Governor Markham,
Postmaster Woods, ex-Senator Simpson,
Benjamin Hahn and the editor of the
Star may come together and put up a
neutral slate to avoid a conflict on the
Gubernatorial question, but a square flght
at the primary polls would probably re
sult in the deiVit of the Gage ticket.
Governor Gage will be forced to make a
strong tight in Los Angeles to lessen the
resistance to his programme in the State
Convention, but his managers are count
ing on electing programme delegations in
the boss-ridden districts of San Francisco,
Sacramento and Santa Clara to overcome
the loss in the south. The State Central
Committee will be expected to attend to
the work of having Gage delegations ap
pointed by the party "governing bodies"
In counties where the primary election
law is not mandatory. As the primary
law is mandatory In only twelve cities of
the State the field Is quite extensive for
outside manipulation In favor of the pro
gramme.
Anti-Gage Feeling Is Pronounced.
Hitherto Los Angeles County, by the
numerical strength- and unity of her dele
gations, has been able to swing Into line
all the forces south of Tehachapi, but the
anti-Gage feeling is too pronounced for
any such concentration in support of the
Governor's renomlnatlon. In the country
districts the farmers and fruit growers
do not entertain a friendly feeling for the
Governor. In the agricultural districts
south of Tehachapi the Gage supporters
are "few and far between."-
The Central Flint Club, with its mem
bership of 1000, will certainly wield a pow
erful influence in the choice of men to
represent Los Angeles in the State Con
vention. When business men, who are out
of politics so far as offlce getting is con
cerned, are asked to account for the re
action in public sentiment they reply that
the Governor has ignored every true In
terest in the south and given his time and
attention to the care and protection of
low 7 grade politicians. It is said that the
formation o/ Flint clubs i3 not significant
of an enthusiastic demand for Flint's
nomination, but does signify an earnest
appeal for the nomination of a candidate
other than Gage.
Governor Gage will not be able to bring
to his aid In the Republican State Con
vention the support of a solid delegation
from Los Angeles County. Indications
multiply that tho Republicans . who aru
against machine methods and boss domi
nation will elect a majority of the dele
gates in that county. Several of Gage's
supporters admit on tho quiet that he
cannot do better In Los Angeles than
"break even.". The opposition to Gage's
rcnomlnation is taking the form of a large
enrollment of Republican voters in Flint
clubs. At the outset ward clubs wero
formed. The earnest support given to the
anti-machino ; campaign by property
owners, merchants and worklngmen of
the party encouraged the leaders of the
movement to provide for the organization
of a central club of 1000 members.
Tho vigorous, enlightened and progressive
citizenship which Is doing so much to ren
der the southland attractive and prosper
ous entertains but slight respect for the
Governor. . *
Is Now Organizing in Los
, Angeles.
Club of One Thousand Voters
Forces Opposed to Eule
. of the Machine 1 Are
Actively Forming.
GAGE IS WEAK
IN THE SOUTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCBC 15, 1902.
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham 'Leaves To-Day for
Europe Where She Will Sine and Study.
TALENTED SINGER WILL
BE MISSED BY SOCIETY
7
POSTUM CEHHAI* '
AN EVENTFUL DAY
When Coffee Left the Household.
"I never began to use coffee until after
I began teaching scliool, then a good,
motherly old dame served Buch nice cof-.
fe« that ehe got tne Into the way of drink*
Ins It.
"Inside of a year I became a wreck
from Insomnia and nervous prostration.
Every afternoon I was so drowsy and
filled with apprehension that I would have
crying epclls without knowing why.
"I lay around the house In misery, and
was a misery to every one else. Once in
a while a friend would tell me that cof-
fe« was the cause of my trouble. I rea-
soned with them that I only had one cup
at breakfast and that was not enough to
cause the trouble, but I found that that
was the secret— that one cup of coffee.
"It was an eventful day in our house-
hold when I quit coffee and started mak-
ing Postum. I followed the directions
and the result was wonderful; no other
words express it The Postum Coffee
was of a rich, beautiful color, and Vhen
cream was added looked as delicious as it
tasted.
"A doctor who was in the house tasted
; the Postum and said that it was equal to
the beet Mocha, or Java, then quickly
turned away as though it was incompre-
hensible. He suspected there was coffee
In it, but I have been assured of the ab-
solute purity of the Postum and have con-
fidence in it.
"Nothing ever tasted better to me than
that first, well-made cup of Postum, and
never since have I tasted coffee, and I
now look back with horror upon the
sickness it caused. We began, very
quickly, to see the difference between my
condition under Postum and under com-
mon coffee. I lost that feeling of de-
spair and restlessness which oppressed
me every afternoon and I began to sleep
like a baby.* Postum must be given the
credit for all my improvement.
"A word about tea also. One time when
1 was visiting I had a package of Postum
with me. It gave out and before I could
get another I had tea for breakfast. With-
in a few days the old wretched feeling
that coffee used to give me cam© back,
and all through the long afternoon I felt
that I must weep and weep, though really
over nothing at all.
"Insomnia came back, but I quickly quit |
the tea and gc.t all right again." Name !
given by Postum Co.. Battle Creek. Mich. J
Postum is an absolutely pure product
of *he cereals as analyzed by some of the i
best chemists in America and passed upon .
by the various pure food commissioners
of the different States. >
¦ r:''J''y '"- • ;' : ;"¦;'•' ."•'-':..• ' ' ' ' • ' ' " ' ' AD VEBTISEMENTS. - • :
M LVJuhZ r.T^BEKilH^EJB^HHj^wMlffjiB^alBB8illMlBBBoi3MB WTUBfE?* Pit fill I yy¥ *Lv > tSfc<yry^f~jJ III I TT1 I pirt5*Q
1 C^iHfit* £$t"ifin^. AlVOIOGo Earnest Words of Gratitude, j
M . _ . . x ii __ £t ' r*-V. «•> cured ynm o£ titio worst form of womb trouble, and mado me a stronff, * J
H When a phypiCian tOllS & Woman Glittering Wlin ova- . . bealthr. robust woman. Before usinjj Lydla gl
1 rian or womb trouble that an operation is necessary, it of | E iSf n x S' 8 ain^in^ackTnd^de headache 1
13 AnA /-my Vinarkifilo. orn -full nf wnmnn whrt f\T(\ thftTft fnr n&n^x *"^.tU3*v«jJ cians told me I would have to undergo an oper- 5'j
|| ilDCl OUr nOSpitalS are IUH OI WOIIICU WHO Ult) lUOrOI.Or; *Sa'^A /S^^BKfita o tlnn ,««vm nq T win Rtrrmr* (.nnnirh T rp«i\ hI
H where an operation is tho only resource, but such cases aro J \ ~* operation woa necessary, and I made up my ( 1
Ej ' i_ __.__-. ii wi -, • «nnA»nllir nunnnnn.l V\a/>nnaA n rrrnnf ! 1 t'-&*** ! ?Z J[ lolnd thetl U.H(l th«?rt) tO CO83S3Q&CO takififf TOUF J. j
I| much raror than 13 generally supposed, bocauso a great JM*™***^,^ Compounii.. 1 diii so and it has completely re-
I many v;omon luivo bcon cured by Mrs. Pinkham'fl mod- U^^feSlSS stored mo to good health. {^JJBjJ 110^ Jj e jj l 2
(I icino nf tor tho doctors had eaid tho operation must bo ff^fifljffiffjjffiffi ioifdwTrocic^^My fflds remaTu about tho
13 Tinrf nrir»r»fl " . , , — J chancre in mo. I am a llrlner advertliemcnt of J
H periormoa. .- , ...-¦. _ . what Lydla B. Wnkhom'* Vegetable Compound can do. and have in- '
El Lydla B. Plnkham'S VOgOtablO Compound baS fluenoed many of mv frleeds to try it, which has proved very ff ratify-
H been very successful in curing ovarian troubles. In fact, ' inf in it; «;uitj 1 th»nk you for reatoriiiff mo to heaith."-^NNi'to
I up to tho point where the knife must be used to secure hXrtlby ' m 8 « 8ftagamon 8tt> Chlcag0> 11L
I instant relief, this medicine is certain to help. ANOTHER OPERATION AVOIDED.
|| Ovarian troubles aro easily developed from womb " deab Mn». Pi»ttnAM:—i feel very grateful to you for the benefit j]
[1 troubles, and womb troubles are 80 very common that lj^^jy^j;^^^ £S£fSS%£$£ £
m Ovaritis 18 Steadily On the increase among WOmen. It IS, menstruation, leucorrhcea, nervousness, and weakness. I had no appe- «
I ievertheless, a most serious trouble, and^to recommend "^^"anfduVp^ i»^X < 2d^&"ta*£S I
is Wrong treatment for it is a Crime for Which there Cannot advised me to have an operation and have one of my ovaries removed, | j
W Ka+AA^oAnanpTiaitv * i'' but this I could not bear to think of . I was induced to try Lydla E. Jj
& be tOO aeep a penalty. • * Plnkham's Vegetable Compound, and after taking the flrst bottle I H
K| It is, therefore, With full COnSClOUSneSS Of the SeriOUS- was much improved. It renewed my appetite, health, and strength. I ||
I ness ofthe disease and the steady failureof other medicine -^^^^JMiSrTS^^^l^Si^ N
h to cure it, that we present for ovarian and womb trouble my health is splendid. - A
I I^ydia E. Pinkham»s Vegetable Compound as the w J a J^ e 7S e fl^tto--&B w^^'SSSTB^- |
H most certain to help, of any medicine in the world to-day. Boston, Mass. _ fj
I Any. person who Could read the letters in Mrs. Pinkham's 4 , Deas Mbs . pt^ham:-! feel it my dnty to publish «he wonderful I
H. files at her office in Lynn, Mass., WOUld b© COnyinced Of help Lydla E. Plnkham'S Vegetable Compound has been to me. I was m
l» at. /« A ; A « A w a* "\ir-m*, T>;«irV,oTv>'fl. r*^mrk/MiTi<1 s ¦ ' *' like a crazy person— could not eat or sleep; there was no rest forme |j
| the efficiency Of Mrs. Pinkham S Compound. j"j° » r c ni^ Physicians examined me W said an operation was \\
II The Strongest and most grateful Statements .possible necessary. Before undergoing it, however, I determined to try Lydia ||
Ha -iW»>A»A #»«« nr/Mnan mkft Kairft aopano/l tVift AT^ornr E. Pinkham's Compound. I am so glad I did, for it cured me. lama *1
Ij to make come from women who have escaped trie operat- well woman now can do any kind of work. I want this published i
| ing table by the USe Of this medicine. Let« any- Woman throughout the land, eo that all my suffering sisters may read, and if in |J
I suffering from these troubles, or anything which may de- j| I Sloduced by my V 8incere ia steten3ent S to try ?h2 ?]
I velop into them, write and get Mrs. PiDkham's advice. If ™S$K^J[3F.^R b FT C °T^Fo d Rn nd oS»SS£i "i
U you are beyond the reach Of the medicine, you Will be £& Ave., Crescent Beach, Revere, Mass. i|
1 frankly told so, but, if not, you will be fully and carefully M jmL |
In j i • ji« n^; n a V- -: %~. £%&i/WCft 4< Deab Mbs. Pi^khaji :— I wish to send yon Eg
I and kindly advised. . / y \ ;; ; : v U^r^' W m J testimonial stating the grand effect Lydia E. i
I The most SeriOUS of all the diseases Of women, as well A U Pinkham'5 Vegetablo Compound has had on my t|
H ,•• • ¦ "ii xi -iv^J;'l : v.«. ¦ \ W*^ )R health. I was suffering to such an extent from m
I as the minor ills, are promptly OVerCOm© by \S?" /I ovarian trouble that my physician thought an M
gi ';'>;":-; . . v ,..., . ¦ \^"~ A operation would be necessary. Your medicine Jj
M m gm jraar KFQs* If SL. ..A. jSJ&SnKi&itf&i having been recommended to me, I decided to §j
II &^y»«»«« BmB BT^ UaUBKUK&uauu %& I^W^^^^M I was cured. My system was toned up and I auf- . |
H _ _ __ _ ' mm j f ered no more with my ovaries. Your medicine is B
j JSb^ gmrgsia <m^ ¦ aflW- *3ft*^ ff""* EP 18 H ffl B Eb. tiT'b (J*^ Owinjj to the fact that somo skeptical people have from time to time quejtloned
H ffi"™*" iS^^VW iy^^k ?^^ft |a=t H 3 «anf&a 1"^ I B the genuineness of tne testimonial lattera -we are constantly publishing, wo have J
M 4&p MsHS&, 1$ m M m J H ia™" WBrini^ deposited with the National City Bank, of Lynn, Mass., 35,000. which will be pa»d 3
'H zT , « H ' JS R M «a B to any person who can show that the abovo testimonials are not genuine, or were published beforo obtaining tha J]
H *&BtEr writers' special permission.— Lydia E. riSKHAM Medicike Co., Lynn, Mass. 'aCustoms Collector Stratton received a,
dispatch yesterday from Collector Patter
son at Portland. Or., announcing: that he;
had stopped J. H. Ankron and seized his
baggage at Portland. Ankron arrive.!
here last Monday before the Collector had
been notified of the passage of the Phil
ippine tariff act and left the city with his
baggage after such notification had been
received and after he had been personally
notified at his hotel by Chief Clerk Unger
that thirty bolts of silk cloth from Ma
r.fla in his possession were liable to a
duty of $225. Upon the Collector being 1
notified by Surveyor Spear of Ankron's
departure a dispatch was sent to Col
lector Patterson requesting him to stop
Ankron and collect the duty, which waa
done yesterday.
Ankron Is Overhauled at Portland.
Charges. V
Cecelia. Maud, Cornelia, Isabella and
Ella O'Connor, daughters of the late Cor
nelius O'Connor, filed objections yesterday
to tho annual account filed by their sla
ter, LJly O'Connor, as administratrix of
the estate of their father.
The sisters claim that the,administra
trix received $20,500 from the sale of prop
erty on Fremont street and at Fair Oaks,
which she has credited to herself. They
claim also that she received $200 from the
estate which she has not accounted for,
and also accuse her of receiving the fol
lowing jewelry and failing to make a
record of It in her account: ¦ Two pairs of;
diamond earrings, one solitaire diamond
and crescent pin. one gold -watch and
chain, one emerald ring and one silver
dinner service.
Valuable Estate Make Serious
Sisters of the Administratrix of a
OBJECT TO ACCOUNT FILED
BY MISS LILY O'CONNOR
The memberejof the Salvation Army
and the public in general, have been
¦warned by Commander Frederick Booth-
Tucker not to have anything to do with
the "oil and mining. enterprises" conduct
ed by former officers of the army, under
the name of the ."Albert E. Hall Compa
ny,", with offices in New York City.
The men who were formerly affiliated
with 1 the Salvation Army and who now
have schemes to "get rich quick" for the
public are William J. Brewer, Carl Hill
stedt, William Halpin and W. Winchell.
The companies they have promoted ara
The International Zinc Company." "The
Great Republic Gold .Mining Company"
and "The Consolidated Oil Lands."
Brewer began his stock operations
about eighteen months ago, when he was
editor in charge of the various newspa
pers published by the Salvation Army in
New York City. He secured the assist
ance of the other officers named and
worked assiduously to dispose of stock
among the rank and file of the Salvatlon-
When the business operations of Brewer
were - discovered Commander Booth-
T i, uck £ r , lnsl sted that his subordinate
should give up his stock dealings or leave
the army. Brewer was not prepared to
w^dem^n^ 8 * 6 * hiS Sggggg
When Brewer resigned the officers asso
ciated with him in his promotion schemes
flowed him, and with the aid of Albert
h.. Hail, a. printer, a company was formed
under the title of the "Albert E. Hali
Company/' Suites of expensively fur
nished offices were , taken in New. York
City and literature was sent out broad
cast.. • .. . , . •
In some of the magazines for the pres
ent month "The Albert E. Hall Company"
has glowing advertisements and tell of
the wealth that awaits . investors in its
mining, smelting and' oil companies, i
In a recent statement issued by , Com
mander Booth-Tucker as to the mining
and oil operations of Brewer and his as
sociates, the head of the Salvation Army
says: ' •
"I desire to state that these transac-
Head of Salvation Army
Exposes Schemes of
i Ex- Officers.
GIVES WARNING
TO INVESTORS
The taking of testimony in the Biter
"Baby Farm" guardianship cases .was
concluded in Judge Coff ey's court yester
day. The case will be argued next Fri
day. The only testimony offered yester
day was that of the children who live' on'
the farm, each one of whom described
the raid of Secretary: White inamanner
that savored very much of hours of drill
ing. ' ','. \V :••¦¦¦¦•*
. Children Tell of the Raid.
The will of G. M. Lonergan Was filed for
probate yesterday. He left an estate con
sisting of- 218 shares of- stock in '¦the firm
of Goldberg, Bowen.& Co.. valued at J150
each, to his four children?- Edward, Pierce
Morris and Mary Lonergan. • • *
The will of Adolph Hollgarten; who died
at Paris recently, was also filed. His es
tate, which is, valued at $288,129 francs, is
left to relatives, with the exception of
100,000 francs bequeathed to Morris Kahn
of this'city. - -, :;'¦'>
Wills Filed for Probate.
George Andersen closed, the, debate for
the University of Nevada, speaking main
ly in refutation of. points advanced by the
affirmative. Louis Dreher made i a brief
closing speech for Hastings.; . ¦¦"¦¦
¦ Associate Justice Garoutte of the Su
preme Court, Superior Judge | Kerrigan
and N. S. Webb were the judges. After
five minutes' deliberation they returned
to the auditorium and Justice Garoutte an
nounced the decision In favor of the Hast
ings team.
George Springmeyer of the Nevada team
contended that cost of production ' was
lowered, but prices were not decreased
under trusts.*. He quoted many economists
and closed with Lincoln's admonition
against the tendency to place man on an
equality wgh money.
John' Plover was the third speaker for
Hastings. He held that the standard of
living had been greatly raised under trust
organization. He t made the point, that
combinations of capital do not necessarily
mean monopoly. He said combinations
must prove to be uncontrollable before
they could.be said to be evils rather, than
benefits. '.'•;•¦; ' ¦ . •
John Wright was Nevada's first speaker.
He showed the weight of popular and
scholastic opinion to be against the* trusts.
He pointed out that the affirmative was
basing its argument on dollars and cents
and placing financial considerations above
social welfare.
Walter Cole, for Hastings, argued that
low prices, high wages and industrial de
velopment were due to modern combina
tions of capital.
Louis Dreher opened the contest for the
law college/ He outlined . the, contention
of his team, and dwelt upon. the economy
of production under the trust system. He
held that overproduction and the waste of
competition were qt inestimable benefit to
society, and that the weakness of organi
zation of capital prevents the lowering
of wages or raising of prices."
The University of Nevada and the Hast
ings College of Law met in debeate last
night at the Girls* High School and the
Nevadans went down before, the greater
forensic ability of the embryo, lawyers.
The Hastings team supported the affirma
tive of the question, "Resolved, That com
binations of capital' are a benefit - rather
than a menace to the commonwealth." .
Dr. Edward Taylqr presided and Intro
duced the debaters. - .
brush Students.
Embryo Lawyers Win
Debate From Sage-
pressed any^ fear of the inevitable.
Six sisters survive him. They are: Mrs.
D. L. Mayers, Mrs. Martin Berwin. Miss
Marion Levingston and Miss Belle Lev
ingston of this city and Mrs. A. Harris
and Miss Esther Levingston of New York.
At the request of the deceased the re-
m 2. n w i W i U b f cremated. The funeral
which is to. take place from the house at
9 o clock to-morrow, will be private. Rabbi
Nieto will officiate. The incineration will
take place at. Cypress Lawn Cemetery
/WELL. - KNOWN PHYSICIAN
. WHO PASSED AWAY IN THIS
CITY YESTERDAY.
Express Confidence . That They Will
Bo Able to Agree Upon a Man
Before That Time. •
Confidence is expressed by the Justices
cf the Peace that they will be able to
agree upon a candidate for clerk of- their
court? before the meeting of, the Board
of Supervisors* Monday afternoon. A
meeting of the Justices will be held before
that time, but the first public announce
ment of their choice will be made when
the nomination is filed according to law.
"We have not agreed on any one yet,"
said Justices Long and Joachimsen yes
terday, "but we have considered the mat-
Ur and will probably have no difficulty
in reaching an agreement." Who the man
may be neither of us can say at present.
There are a host of applicants for the
place, and for the present one has as
good a chance as the other."
Aubertlne and Roxburgh, who were de
posed from the office of the clerk of the
Justices' Court by Powel Fredrick on
Thursday afternoon, appeared at the office
again yesterday morning. Aubertine, as
boon. as Fredrick Informed him that busi
ness was dull and that his services were
no longer required, procured a warrant
tor his salary. He has the warrant yet.
Fredrick did not officially see either man,
but they reported to their late associate
clerk. Dennis. He told them to tell their
troubles to Fredrick, but they* did not,
and after lounging about the office for
half an hour left.
Former Judge Lawler Improving.
Former Police Judge Lawler, who was
reported as being at the City and County
Hospital with only a few hours to live, is
in fact at St. Mary's Hospital and doing
nicely.
MYSTERY OF A STRANGER
WITH A GREEN OVERCOAT
Without Taking Anything
Away.
Breaks Into a Restaurant, but Leaves
The police are puzzled over the conduct
of a man with a green overcoat, who en
tered Sterling & Ruiz's saloon, at 604 Mis
sion gtreet, about 1 o'clock yesterday
morning and went straight through to
the yard in the rear. As he did not re
turn Ruiz went to look for him, but only
f,ound the overcoat, which was lying on
the ground.
Policeman J.' A. Ryan was notified and
he discovered that the stranger after
shedding his overcoat had climbed the
fence and had forced open the rear door
of Ellis Bros.' restaurant, 6Q2 Mission
street, walked through the . kitchen and
dining-room, unlocked ¦ the front door
and walked out into the street without
touching anything. In the pocket of the
overcoat was found a card of W. L.
Ward, a Chinatown guide. Ward was
taken to the saloon, but Ruiz said he was
not the man with the overcoat. Ward
was at a loss to account for the fact that
one of his cards was in the pocket of the
overcoat. . ¦
Will Attack State Statute.
Attorney George D. Collins will test the
constitutionality of the law declaring the
offense of obtaining money by false pre
tenses a felony. The matter will come uo
to-day before Judge Lawlor on a petition
to Bet aside the judgment and recall the
commitment in the case of P. J. Winn,
convicted on this charge and . sentenced
to serve seven years' imprisonment- in
San Quentin. The point to De raised is
that the offense is a misdemeanor and ;
only punishable, by Imprisonment in the
County Jail. .'••.' • .
tions have our utmost disapproval and
that as nearly as we can learn they are
an absolute imposition upon the purchas
ers." • . .
Colonel George French, who is in com
mand of the Pacific Coast division of the
Salvation Army, stated that so far as ne
knew Brewer and his associates had not
tried to disp&se of any of their stocks on
this coast among the members of the Sal
vation Army."
"These men," said Colonel French,
"have never been stationed out here and
do not know the members of the army on
this coast. "When I was in New York It
was generally known that Brewer and
those now with him were dabbling in
mining and oil stocks and trying to sell
them to members of the army. Comman
der Booth-Tucker called them to account
and they promised to give up the specula
tions. They did not do so and were forced
to resign.^ • ¦ •
"I have not received an official warning
from Commander Booth-Tucker as to tho
operations of Brewer and those associated
with him, but I am likely to. I should
certainly warn any one from having any
dealings with the mining and oil compa
nies promoted by Brewer after reading
the statement issued in the East by Com
mander Booth-Tucker. I heard that six
months ago, Brewer was negotiating to
secure land in the vicinity of the oil
properties In this State.' I do not think
that Brewer or. the men associated with
him will try. to sell any of their stock to
the members of the Salvation Army on
this coast, as they are not acquainted
with them.
"As to the advertisements published by
them in the magazines the general public
must judge for itself as to the merits of
the assertions made."
j The eighth semi-annual account of the
administrators of the C. P. Crocker estate
vras> approved by Judge Coffey yesterday.
The account shows that the receipts from
the estate during the last six months
were $969,120 24. and the disbursements
?439,810 a, leaving a balance on hand of
JS23.309 53 for the two Crocker children.
Crocker Estate Accounting.
HASTINGS MEN
DEFEAT NEVADAS
Dr. Levingston was an eminent physi
cian in his line, his specialty' being dis
eases of the throat and' ltings. He was a
bachelor and a native of Aberdeen,- N. C,
where he was born April 9, 1857. in 1861
his parents moved to Sari Francisco,
where young Levingston ¦ received his
early schooling. After passing through;
the ordinary schools he began ¦ the study;
j of medicine In the Medical College of the
! Pacific, from which institution he grad
: uated about 1875. He then went to Eu-
I rope and attended the medical lectures
of the University cf Berlin, from 'which
he received a diploma in 1878. He re
turned to San Francisco in the following
year and began a practice which became
quite lucrative and which he pursued un
til 1807, when he was stricken down with
paralysis. His- right side was afflicted to
the extent that he was perfectly helpless. •
i The deceased was a Democrat and took
an active interest in the affairs of his
party. In 1881 he was elected Coroner by
a handsome majority* and he served in
that capacity during 1SS2-83. Aside from
this, however, he held no other public
offlce. Since he was stricken down he has
olten been near unto death, but never ex-
the struggle at his home, 1301 Oc
tavla street, early yesterday morning. Tho
fatal symptoms made their appearance a
week ago and as the days passed the
hopelessness of the struggle became more
and more apparent to the relatives of the
dying man. He sank gradually Thursday
night until early, morning, when the end
cam© calmly and peacefully. - . ... ¦
AFTER battling against death for
nearly five years. Dr. Marc Lev
lngston, one of the best known
physicians in the State, gave up
JUSTICES WILL NAME
THE CLERK ON MONDAY
' Divorces were granted Mae J. Douglass
from George C. Douglass, a machinist, for
extreme cruetly; Erick Sherberg from
Amelia Sherberg for desertion, and Alice
Clements from Edmund P. Clements for
habitual intemperance.
• Suits for divorce were filed by Rafael
Demoro against Louise Wilkins Demoro
for intemperance and Rose Vaughn
against Frank S. Vaughn for desertion.
Judge Seawell ordered Frank B. Carmier,
better known as F. B. Clayton, an actor
formerly connected with the Alcazar, to
pay his wife $10 a week for her support.
• Elizabeth Bowers, wife of Edward Bow
ers, formerly of Cloverdale, waa granted
n divorce by Judge Seawell yesterday and
?2E a month alimony. Her suit was op
posed by John T. Bowers, her husfiand's
puurdian, who, when young Bowers fell
heir to $5000 some time ago, charged him
with* being an incompetent.
Hns Husband Arrested.
She had him nrrentod, she nllcgO3, on
Ai'gUBt IS because sho feared ho would
toko her life.
, BchrcckenHerK, allege* the. wife. hno
Mlltm hl» mun untf eorved a sentence
for tho offenwe in un Australian prison.
Sho charges him with splitting open -the
ukull and cnunlnir the death of a man
Mlth wnom ho had a quarrel while acting
hi a 'courier for Mrs. Singer, a wealthy
American woman. "Ho ha» threatened to
ut-rve mo the uamo way," alleges the no
bleman's wife.
Judgo Slosrt refused to mnko an order
yesterday granting Ida W. Hopkins, who
it) suing VV. F. Hopkins for a divorce, $100
a month alimony. Judge Blosa held that
the order made by Judge Graham, before
whom the divorce proceedings are pend
ing, giving Mrs. Hopkins $100 a month, la
In effect still and will remain so until the
Supreme Court decides, the appeal from
the order taken by Hopkins. "Therefore,"
Bald Judge Sloss, "I cannot interfere with
an order made in another department of
this- court", i
She alleges further that the Baron has
treated her cruelly ever since their mar
rlagu in July, I8t)«. , She charges that in
the week following their marriage he
tried to; throw her out of tho window of
their apartments on Mason street and
made numerous threats to kill her. Tho
Uaron, alleges Mrs. Schreckenberg, fre
quentjy put poison and drugs in her food,
which mnde her ho nick that Hhe was con
fined to tier bed.
; "William George Schreckenberg is only
a waiter riow,.at -which business he earns
the. sum ot $50 per month. In times gone
by he was a Baron of the kingdom of
Holland, and because of the glory of his
past he. is in difficulties with his wife,
Rebecca Frances Schreckenberg. She
sued him for divorce yesterday, and one
of .the reasons why she does so, she nl
leges in her complaint, is because her no
b:e husband frequently demanded money
of her to "enable him to support himself
as. a gentleman befitting his education,
condition, rank and standing as a Baron
and nobleman of the kingdom of Hol
land."
Mre. Gowdey alleys that O'Hare ex
ecuted a will in October of last year In
which he leaves his estate to his three
ulsters, share and share alike. This last
named document, Mm. Gowdey claims, is
in the possession of Mrs. Lally, who U In
New York, and who has applied to tho
Surrogate Court of that State for tho nd
i mlHKlon of tho will to probate. Mm.
(Jowdey further charge* that when
O'Hare executed the will offered for pro
bate by Hurbank ho wmh under tho influ
ence of Ilurbunk and Mary Jano Hodgem.
Mr*. Gowdey nix.i clttlmti that when
°, 1! ? re WH " a ho Y h<1 was Injured about
tho head by a, fall «nd that thereafter h«
Buffered from rntWs of Blcknetm, durlnc
the course of which he wan Incapable of
tmnmictlnff «ny buslnena. lt.wns while
Kuffcrlng from one of these "hpcIIh," nho
alJtpei", that the contested document was
exfeuted.
Mrjt. Gowdey aIko alleRos that during
the last six months of his life the de
ceased was of sound mind, and during that
period made a will revoking all former
documents. In this will, a copy of which
is appended to Mrs. Gowdey's contest, he
provides that should either of his sisters
eommenco a contest she should forfeit her
legacy. ,
The hearing of the contest was set for
a week from next Friday in Judge Cof
fey s court. <
Under the will offered for probate by
Burbank, which bears date of May 28,
1S94. Burbank receives $2000, Mrs. Gow
dey $500 and Mrs. Lally, another sister of
the testator. $500. A third sister. Mrs.
Mury Jane Rogers, is left the residue of
the estate. ¦ .
Margaret I* Gowdey, a sister of the late
Jcseph O'Hare, filed a contest yesterday
to the document purporting to be the
last will and testament of the deceased,
presented by W. F. Burbank. She alleges
forgery, fraud and undue Influence as the
grounds of contest. Burbank was ap
pointed administrator of the will yester
day, with bonds fixed at $88,000.
Alleges That Testator Was
Unduly Irfluenced by
the Ex9cutor.
Says He Demands Mctaey to
Support Himself in
Style. '
Wife. of Waiter. of Noble
Lineage Wants
Divorce.
Mrs. Gowdey Says In
strument Now oh File
Is Fraudulent.
DUTCH BARON
IS IN TROUBLE
FILES CONTEST
TO O'HARE WILL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1902.
cians of California After Long Illness.
¦ . ¦ v ¦ - . . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦» ' -¦-,¦¦."
Passing of One of the Best=Known Physi=
DEATH ENDS THE CAREER
OF DR. MARC LEVINGSTON
8
SEW ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
HAIR SOFT AS SILK.
New Scientific Treatment Kills Dan-
druff Germs and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact,
that dandruff Is a germ disease, and it
Is also a demonstrated fact that New-
bro's Herpicide kills the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff falling hair will stop,
and thin hair will thicken. Herpicide not
only ¦ kills the dandruff germ, but it also
makes hair as soft as silk. It Is the
most delightful hair dressing made. It
cleanses the scalp from dandruff and
keeps it clean and healthv. Itching and
irritation are instantly relieved, and per-
manently cured. At all druggists. There's
nothing "just as good." Take no substi-
tute. Ask for Herpicide
amtjse3j:eitts.
[Fischers Theatre [
O'Farrell street, bet. Stockton and Powell.
Telephone Main 231.
THERE ARE I TWO *
ALWAYi i MATINEES
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AT OUR GREAT HOUSE!
So Come To-day and See the Beautiful
FRENCH MAID
And All Her Attendants.
A Remarkable Cast! A Bewitching Chorus and
So Much Charming Music. Seats
Are Now on Sale for
"LITTLE CHRISTOPHER."
Our Next Splendid Burlesque That Begins on
MONDAY EVENING. March 17th.
Remember Our Prices — Night, 26c and 50c.
Matlneea, 25c.
CHUTES_and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill.
SPECIAL TONIGHT.
Pr?ze d Cakewalk
TO-MORROW— LAST DAY OF THE OLD
CHUTES.
ALL CHILDREN ADMITTED FREE TO-
DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23. ' '
BAY EXCURSION !
SUNDAY, March 16,
On the Elesrant Steamer
GENERAL FRISBIE, '
TO ¦•
VALLEJO.
Passing Benicla, Port Costa, Crockett, Va-
lona, Martinez, and a great many other points
of Interest. You can etop off at Vallejo and
visit Mare Island navy-yard, where the big
transport Logan Is now In drydock, and the
big new dock under construction.
DON'T MISS IT.
Steamer leaves at 9:45 a. m.,' Pier 2 Mis-
sion street, one block south Market-street
ferry. Arrives back at 6 p. m.
-.-I.-" ¦' • HATCH BROS.
Fare, round trip, 75c; meals, 60c.
dfeb» RACING
-zd£&Z^^Z%r* Every Week Day-
'¦^ Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to thu
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via-
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol'e con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4-15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. »
THOMAS H, WILLIAMS JR.. President,
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. ;
KATHARINE FISK~
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
FAREWELL RECITAL
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:15;
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
Reserved Seats, 75c, $1 and |1.60, at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s.
: :.^ f OCEA1T TEAVEL.
lNvJlVlil,
\^^^^ SAILINGS.
|H^^a9#* .THE FIRST CLASS
\\\ S.S. PORTLAND
Y^\ . WILL SAIL FOR
NOME DIRECT
Leaving San Francisco April 10th
Leaving Seattle April 26th
(Stopping at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
. For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL GO.,
C45 Market st., San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO., Fuget
Sound Agent, Seattle^ Wash.
fiamburgSmerican.
TWIN-«CREVV EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURO
A. Victoria.... April 10 IF. Bismarck.... May 1
Deutschland . .April 17 ! Columbia May S
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG "-
Moltka March 291 Waldersee April' \?
Patricia Aprtl ft Pennsylvania. .Aprtl 22
Hamburg-American Line, &7 II' way. IN. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Padflo,
Coast. 401 California at.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana ds Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
SANTIAGO ..March 29 GUATEMALA Anr
TUCAPEL . . . .April 13 A STEAMER^ -^EIlZ
•nrf^nml 6 *? 61 " 8 ,*"* bUlIt « x P r * 9S «y for Central
??-„«? American passenjrer service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight anr*
Pa^?^T?; fic^ CallfoX street ***
BALFOUR. GUTHRIK & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R.SF
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, |40; Meals Free
5. S.Arfeyll «alU Monday. MarV 17
0. to. Leclanaw «a!!s Monday, Mar. 24
6. 8. Arfeytl nails Tuesday. April 29
• From Sea Wall, Section 1. at 2 p. m
nd Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Padflc Coast Agent. •
oecan!cs.s.co, »as
_ OWICI LIME tolAKITt
S3 VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
SS.^US*TRlLiA7ior& MarCh V"-- -¦
S3. AtAiimil-fS hSSuS^* 29/l6 "'• m '
• Saturday. March 29.'*2*'p* m.
1. D. ff 3EGULS 4 BM8. CO., ism, Arants. S27 larta «
Cao'l PaouiiJf Ofncs, 843 Market St., Tw k 1, fS S
AaCBXUOAIT XjXIW3E3.
¦j- NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Louis. Mr. 19, 10am, St. PauLApl 2 10 am
Philadelphia. Mr 20. 10m 1st. Loul*Api » 10 am
3EUE3Z> a»TUVH. X*IIV3b1
'NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
KenslngtoruMr 19. noon! Frlesland.Apl 2. noon
Haverford.Mr. 26, nooni Southwark.Ap. 9 nooo
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR G. A. P. C..'
30 Montgomery st.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEBS.
forTT^sTIiayy^r^ak^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. in.. 3:15 and 8:30 p! in., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo T a. m., 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. in., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. BATCH
BROS.
OCEAN TRAVEL. . ?
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' \ Steamers leave Broadway
' 1 ©Sfcir Wharf, San Francisco:
! ! VfRSPii. For Ketchfkan, Juneau,
' Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11
1 ! RrVvW^k a. m., March 7. 12, IT, 22. 27.
¦ ' ' f '£\K*i3 \&1 April 1. Change to com-
! P£«r*vL-$l! pany's steamers at Seattle.
' >^*&3P&$*1 For Victoria. Vancouver.
¦ ** P°rt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New "Wbat-
com— 11 a. mlT Marco 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April 1.
Change at Seattle to thla company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N P. Ry- : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
1 March 8. 13. IS. 23. 28; April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo
I (Los Anseles)^-Spokane. Sundays. 0 a. m.:
State of California. Wednesdays. 0 a. m.
: For Los Angeles, calling at Santa. Cru».
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harrord
! (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport (*Bonita only).
Bonita. 0 a. m.. March 7. 15. 23. 31. April 3.
i Coos Bay, 9 a. m., March 10, 27, April 4.
For Enser.ada. Magdclena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mei.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street cPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen.. Agents.
. • 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR
LEAVE 'SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamshlcs Senator and State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). *¦ • -
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Genl. Agents.
¦ . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
:O.;i?; (SAf. CO,
°aly Steamslilp Iilno to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from PortlanJ to all
points Eoat. Through Ticlcst* to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
XjO'w-UjST H_A.1«bis
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE B3BTH ani HEAL1
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 14, 24 April 3. li
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails. ...T?'. ..:..;...
Steamer 'sails" from "foot ofWear st**^? 1 *?"^?
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt?, 1 Mong-y, s.";
TOYO KM KAISflT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF COB
ner First and Brannan street*:.? i n ™ "
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG* cau^,"::
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai andeoS
, nectlng at Hongkong with iteamlra "tot^Wil*
£ e aiilng N< V earg ° ""*'* 0O bcard ««•*"«
SS. AMERICA MARU
ES. HONGKONa' MARU? f J\ "*** 1 - ' 18 «
fJ?°^ nd " t ? p tlcket » at "duced Jjf£
ZTS Jtf!*«S
W.H.-AVERJ. a; neral Agnu
C0MPAQ5IB GENERALS TaA»8ATr.»MmT««,.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVEkSJ"" 11^.
Sailing every Thursday, • Instead of -ifiOW
Sffl^?,«* oT- M £M e f
York! J. F. FUGAZI & CO . "pJ* 1^- Naw
Agents. 5 Montgomery ¦««?« T* ci^ Coast'
Ticket sold .-brariSSS- SgJTTgS:.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA £335
MATINEE TO-DAY.
.'TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY NIGHT.
Last Times of the Great Success,
lutrustus Thomas' Peerless American Play.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAT.
America's Great Emotional Actress,
BLANCHE WALSH
Firct Six Nights and Saturday Matinee,
rhe New Emotional Play by II. J. W. Bim,
"LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Nlcht and Special Matinee Thursday.
"JANICE MEREDITH."
Seats Now Selling.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORItOW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
The Boose That Jack Built.
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
Return Engagement of Our $1000 Star
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE
In a £umj>tuou8 Production of Earduu's Great
1'lay.
''CLEOPATRA."
• populaii rniOES— ioc. in*-, 25e, bop, 75c.
Good Orrht-Ntra Heata Alt Muiliici-n, 23c.
I-Arr TIME— MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT
THE WHITE
SI A V P ' Bortlty Campbell'.
v -' 1- ' / * v *-*¦ Beoutlful Ploy,
TO-Moruiow NiauT— HOWARD KYLE
Present* the Great American Play.
"NATHAN HALE."
By Clyde Fitch.
Be*t« for To-morrow Night and all of next
week now tilling.
0L* 1 H SAT R K^A>
Bclasco & Thall. Mgrs.
TWO .MORE NIGHTS.
The Great Ne\r York Comedy Success.
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
NEW SCENERY— STRONG CAST.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Beau on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES 16c, 25 C# 35c, 50^ -j^
Next — "ON AND OFF."
BEEASCO **o THJU.E&jfchi1tP
4MPi£ctrr/au»
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
TO-.VIGHT and Sunday EV«.-L*8t Tlmei.
Great Revival of Dickens' Immortal Story
%JL*I i/EZ/IFx
TWIST.
A Tremendous Cat* — A. Bl e ¦ Hroduetion.
PR CFS Evenings— lOc. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
1 IV VLJ, Matinees— IOc^ISc, 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— JIMMY BRITT (the Cham-
pion Lightweight of the Coast) as the
Bowery Boy in "THE BOWERY
AFTER DARK."
* - SEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATTTRDAY), March 15
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
EVENTFUL VAUDEVILLIANS!
PAUL CINQUEVALLI; TBOUBA-
BORS TOULOUSLANS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIBPS;
AND THE BIOGBAPH, SHOW-
ING PBINCE HENRY'S RECEP-
TION. L?.st times of the Auers;
Eva Mudge; Billy Clifford, and the '
Ten Nelsons.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP!
THE GREATEST SUCCESS EVER. I
Third Enormous Week of the Boetonlan's ]
Opera.
- — THE
Serenade!
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 60c and 75c
.• Telephone Bush 9.
Norris & Howe's j
Big Shows
STARTING THIS AFTERNOON. '
EVERY ACT NEW THIS YEAR
ADMISSION-ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN. 10c '
Seats Now on Sale. Phone No. South 720. ' \
ALHAMBRA THEATER. !
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENINO 1
GRAND JUVENILE EXHIBITION of FANCY !
DANCES
. '-/.¦ And "CINDERELLA."
Hy Puslls of \V J O-BRIENS DANCING \
ALADEMT.
Matinee at 2. Children, 10c; Adults 25c 1
evening at 8 eharp. General admission. 25c-
reserved seat*. 25c extra. ' j
1 1
Do \ar a Desirable location, J
1 Cllltvv unsurpassed -cuisine,
anequaled ser- \
2 fl/1 v ' ce and modern
UllU conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
fifrAfln made these two ho-
UlClliu tels popular with
tourists and travel-
> H /if AlC crs who visit San
llOlVla Francisco. ,
Weekly Call,$LG0 per Year
Jwi^^Wi BE^¥ F03 THE BOWELS " " , .. /
vV^CSifijJ/ A lv' CATHARTIC \jdSigr
GUARANTEED CURS for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness, bad breath, bad 1
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples, a
pains after eating,' liver trouble, sallow skin and dizziness* ¦ When your bowels don't movo , B
regularly you are sick. Constipation kills mare people than all other diseases together. It B
starts chronic ailments and long years of suffering. No matter what ails you," start taking ¦
• c . ASC ARETS today, for you will never get well and stay well until you get your bowels J
right. .Take our advice, start with Cascarets today under absolute guarantee to cure or H
money refunded. The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Never sold in bulk. Sample and ¦
booklet free. . Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New Yori. ..«-,- 503 . H
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f| [I C^> - - —^?
MW/] GOOD judge must have both experience
f|&| and learning. A housekeeper should
\§^M]be a good judge for she too rnust have
experience and learning or she may think that
the soaps made to look like Ivory Soap are just
as good. With experience she will know
that they lack the remarkable qualities of the
genuine. Ivory Soap— 99 4 >ioo per cent. pure.
COFfMMXT !•«• tr Till MOCUH * IMHI •». CMOIMMrither is read through histrionically. When
the name of Hainan is mentioned the con
gregation exclaims, "Let his name be
blotted out!" His sons' names /are read
in one enunciation to mark that they
were all hanged at once. At the close of
the reading' of the megillah all cry out,
"Cursed be Hainan, blessed be Mordecai,
cursed be Zeresh (Hainan's wife), blessed
be Esther;' cursed be all idolators, blessed
be all Israelites and blessed be Harbonah,
who hanged Haman." The service is fol
lowed at home by a meal of mainly milk
and eggs. Then comes the feast of. Pu
rim in which there is masquerading and
giving of offerings for the poor.
Among those who this year will observe
the feast of Purlm In this city will be the
COPENHAGEN. Denmark. March 14.—
The Folkething ¦ (lower house • of Parlia
ment) by 88 to 7 approved the treaty pro
viding, for -the sale of the Danish West
Indies i to the United States. The treaty
now goes 'to the Landsthingr, or ? upper
house. . _ .. ¦. . ,
Approves ' the ; Treaty.
PEKING, March 14.— Mrs. Conger, wife
of the United States Minister here; as
sisted; by the ladies of the American lega
tion and of the missions, entertained at
Tiffin to-day eleven Princesses and ladles
of the court. This departure from the
exclusiveness of .the Chinese court is quite
unprecedented. The Dowager Empress
sent her greetings and expressed the hope
that the kindly relations established will
Mrs. Conger Entertains Princesses.
> ,DAWSQN,, Feb. 27 '(via. Seattle/ March
14),— William Brophy, a highwayman for
whtjm the police have been searching for
many weeks, was ". captured within five
miles of Dawson last night, after a hard
fight. In a scuffle with the prisoner one
of the policemen's revolver was- accident
ally ; discharged and Brophy was shot In
L the stomach.. ; The -wound, is not serious
and the prisoner will -bo in condition- for
histrial in a few days. . . .
Klondike Outlaw Captured.
DENVER, March 14.— The Senate to-day
passed the revenue bill on second reading
after a rather exciting session lasting un
til 11:40 o'clock. Several spirited collo
quies marked the evening's debate, the
most notable being between Senators
Whitford and Rush, both of Arapahoe
County,- In which each charged the other
with trying to protect certain corpora
tions . from the provisions of' the • bill. It
is expected that, the bill will pass the
Senate on , third . reading to-morrow and
that the Legislature will adjourn sine die
some time next week. .-.-•: < r .
Colorado Senate Favors Bill.
WASHINGTON^ March 14.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs continued
its consideration to-day of the Mitchell-
Kahn Chinese exclusion bill. Most of the
important features of exclusion hav» been
agreed to, but much administrative detail
remains to be passed upon.
Exclusion Bill Again Discussed.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, March It— Licenses 'to,
marry were issued to-day to Rofina Da"
Silva, aged 31 years, San Leandro. and
Julia Quintal. 22. Hayward?: Walter
Hayes. 31, and Gwendolyn Powell. 2?.;
both of San Francisco: Frank Harder.' 23.
and Metha Anderson, 1?. both of West,
Lerkeley. ' . !
Accused of Burglary. #
Robert Lenahan, alias Lynch, .jwaq
booked at the City Prison yesterday J Ly
Policemen Murrin and Stanly on a charge
of burglary; He Is accused of breaking
into the residence of E. La Forrest 2j
Franklin street, on March 9 and »tcalinj£
an overcoat and other articles.
ST. LOUIS. March 14.— It was learned
to-night from a trustworthy source that
the Choctaw, Oklahoma and Gulf Rail
road had decided to expend more than
$13,000,000 in extensions and branches,
roadbed Improvements and additional
equipment and within a short time a eim
plete survey will be made Into New Mex
ico, connecting with the Pecos Valley;
probably at Las Vegas and also w«s<t to
connections with the Rock Island. Event
ually, with' the New Mexican connection**
and connections with the Rock Ia'antf
the Choctaw will reach the Qulf and th»
Pacific Ocean. : . ; " :>
Choctaw Road Plans Extsnsions. v
Thomas Sullivan, a former resident of
this city who returned yesterday from
New York, suffered a fracture of the base
of the skull last night as he was ascend
ing the stairs of the Lick House, where
he had apartments. He lost his footing
and fell backward. "He was sent to the
Receiving Hospital, but the doctors gave
little hope for his recovery. •.,
. Sullivan, who is a son of Thomas Sulli
van, the pioneer cloakmaker. was a mem
ber of the First California Regiment and
served in Manila. As he understood Span
ish he soon secured employment in the
revenue service of the Government. Later
he 'engaged In commercial pursuits. • He
returned "from the islands some months
ago and went to New York, where he
made some new business connections.
He intended returning to Manila on the
next steamer. Sullivan is about 35 years
of -age. -
Thomas Sullivan, a Guest, at Lick
_ House, Victim of Probably
' Fatal Accident.
FALLS DOWN STAIRS
AND FRACTURES SKI7LL
AH the commercial bodies, will be invited to
help this- movement for the building up of thia
part of the State and all may give financial
aid to it in view of the acope and good prom
ised by united enfl determined effort. My gen
eral idea i* that the exhibit, resources and
plfvnt of the Stata Board of Trade should be
used as a nucleus, because that body has
much that would cost a large sum of money
to ' duplicate and there Is no reason . for dupli
cating it. as the board ia distinctly favorable
to the movement. The vote of the State Board
of Trade to give especial attention to promot
ing the interests of Northern California showe
the willingness of that body to co-operate, i it
may be necessary to have an additional exhibit
untown- while that at the ferry bulldinjr is
still retained. Of. course, that'is another mat
ter, of detail, to be settled by ¦ the executive
committee' or other controlling body of ' the
propesed new organization. I will submit my
recommendations in writing. There is every
chance to have a financially strong body de
voted to the. interests of Northern California.
President George A. Newhall of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce has
practically decided on the recommenda
tions' that he will make next Monday at
the conference of the various commercial
bodies of San Francisco relative to tho
encouragement of . immigration • to . the
California counties lying north of Tc
hachapl. President Newhall yesterday
afternoon told a reporter for The Call
the substance of the proposition that lie
will submit. He will favor the forma
tion of a new organization for the pur
poses in view, to have an executive com
mittee upon which the State Board of
Trade, the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association, the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce, the San Francisco Board of
Trade, the Merchants' Exchange, the Sac
ramento and San Joaquin Valley associa
tions, the Santa Clara- Valley Improve
ment Club, other interior bodies and in
terior counties shall be represented. Tho
details concerning the basis of representa
tion will be considered later. In explain
ing his plan Newhall said:
John M. Gamble has done himself 1us
tlce in his picture, "The Last Ray of Sun
light," which Is an admirable, dreamy
study— the sun bidding the woods a warm
au revolr.
There are many pictures "hung"
which are the result of genius and skill
and there are a few, as in all galleries
in the world, which may not reach the
very highest standard. 1 .
Very prominent among the really good
exhibits is found a study of animals by
Matilda Lotz, and it is well worth a visit
to the institute if only to get a sight of
these excellent canvases. One Is a study
of "oxen" and the other of "dogs." In
both pictures the artist shows a thorough
knowledge of animal' anatomy. She is,
furthermore, the mistress of color, know
ing how to apply the brush to a natural
certainty. There is an actual rivalry to
Landseer where the dogs. are concerned.
And as for the oxen, "Yoked and sleepy
eyed," ready for a journey, there has
been rarely anything better done in ani
mal painting. -
G. Cadenasso has but one canvas, "The
Pool," and it may take position with the
best of the landscapes in the salon. The
heavy, threatening sky throwing its dark
shadow over clusters of trees and darken
ing deeper "The Pool" in the foreground,
is. Admirably and strongly painted. ,
Henry Raschen is represented by five
studies of heads and one canvas showing
a traveler, who, having dismounted from
his horse, is hiding beside a tree-covered
rock, taking aim at two' stags loitering
in the forest. Raschen is a careful paint
er. His outdoor work is as true to detail
as that vWhich Is done by him in the
studio. - • • . • ¦ • ' ¦ ,. . ¦--¦..
Prom early morning until . late in the
evening a constant stream of connois
seurs visited the Mark Hopkins Institute
yesterday to take in the spring exhibition
of the art association. J - *-'v
Deputy Recorder C. JO,.- Stoltz appeared
before tho committee . and urged' that an
appropriation be made to pay; four -extra
copyists it was found necessary to employ
en account .of increased business.' The
Superior Court decided that, the copyists
could not be paid unless favorable action
was taken by the Supervisors. was
told to file Ails claim at the end of the
fiscal .year and if would be paid if there
io any. money left in the urgent necessity
fund. Stoltz said it would he just to al
low the extra copyists as the Recorder's
office earned a surplus of $6000 yearly
Assessor Dodge appeared before the
Supervisors' Finance Committee last
night" to urge that he be allowed addi
tional deputies in his office for the col
lection of poll taxes. Chairman Brand
enstein informed Dodge that the initia
tory step for the appointment of any. ex
tra deputies in a city department must
originate in a recomnlendation from the
Mayor. Dodge informed the - committee
that he had conversed with the Mayor
and that the latter was favorable to the
proposition.
Dodge said he would require from $3000
to $5000 this year to pay eight deputies to
collect poll taxes alone. The collections
had largely increased and yet tho char
ter had cut down the appropriation for
clerical hire in the Assessor's office by
J25.000. -
"I am personally responsible on my
'Kind for tne collection of poll taxes," bald
Dodge, "and. I- would, like to collect the
full amount, as I , do not , desire to be
accused of laxity because the Supreme
Court has decided that the Assessor is nqt
entitled to commissions. My deputies
have worked overtime in the past and I
do not feel that I can compel them under
the charter to do so again."
The committee agreed to report favor
ably on allowing eight extra deputies for
April, May and June, contingent upon the
Mayor recommending the same. Provi
sion: will' be mad© in the.next.tax budget
for four deputies to be employed during
the remainder of the year. .
He asked why men were afraid of ap-«.
plying the method of Investigation into
their religion, into the blessed Book, or
why they should shrink from applying
criticism.- By so doing they confessed a
weakness. The lecturer dwelt, upon the
higher criticism fcy which tney determined
the facts regarding the religionof Israel
as laid down by the literature of Israel.
The Rev. Dv. NIeto. lectured last night
on "The Pliancy of Religion" at Congre
gation Sherith Israel. l ¦.
Rabbi Voorsanger delivered a profound
lecture at Congregation Emann-EI last
evening in which he described the evolu
tion of man. He said that in evolution as
it applied to creation we could discern tho
great power of the divinity— the eternal
evolution- of God's will, the growth of
science as of man. What we needed were
facts, he said, facts determined by meth
ods of ¦ investigation. -. ' ¦ s.
Criticism" and Upholds Investi
gation Into One's Religion.
Explains the Meaning of "Higher
rabbi voors Anger tells
of the evolution; of hlqjl
They Will Be Specially
Employed to Collect
v the Poll Taxes. \
Suggests Representation
From Many Bodies
of the North.
Visitors. From All Parts
Gather at Hopkins
Institute.
The executive ! committee announced
that through the offices of Mayor Schmitz
a general tieup of the street car lines had
been prevented. Mayor Schmitz had an
interview with Mr. Duane of the Balti
more syndicate and the situation was
thoroughly canvassed. Within the past
few weeks sixteen men were disghvged
by reason of their union affiliations and
more discharges were expected. A num
ber of the m«n resigned rather than be
discharged and there was a general feel
ing of unrest. Mr. Duane informed the
Mayor that he .would investigate each
case as soon as possible and if the men
had been discharged for no other cause
he would seo that they were reinstated.
The San Francisco Labor ' Council
adopted resolutions last night denouncing
the action of the Building Trades Council
in its controversy wJth Carpenters* Union
No. 4$3. The support of all the Unions
connected with the Labor Council was
pledged to Carpenters' Union No. 483, on
the ground that the aim of the Building
Trades Council "is to ultimately force
the building trades unions out of their
national unions,, thus not only weakening
the building trades unions but also the
general labor movement of this city and
State." . 4v -¦<'.:..:
cate Says He Will Investigate
Cases of Discharged Men.
Representative 5 of Baltimore Syndi-
ASSESSOR GETS
EXTRA DEPUTIES
MAYOB PREVENTS STRIKE
OF. STREET RAILWAY HEN
Calif orniarx to Be Chaplain.
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: Carl Raschs, United
States Attorney, District of Montana;
chaplains. United States army — Rev.
Francis B. Doherty, California: George
H. Jones, Washington; J. E. Yates,
Kansas. '.• .
"WASHINGTON, March It.— All commu
nications between the Vatican authorities
and the Government regarding the friar
question In the Philippines have been
made independently of the apostolic dele
gation in 'this city. No instructions oT
communications whatever; on tjie subject
have reached here for Mgr. Sbaretti, : now
en route from Naples, and who, accord
ing to cable dispatches, has been directed
to proceed here, and await instructions
from Rome before going further into the
Philippine issue. '
The apostolic "delegation here, accord
ing to authoritative information, has
never been communicated with by Rome
on Cuban or Porto Riean matters, except
in* one instance. That was when the
Vatican wired the delegation that "it
had been determined to send a high ec
clesiastic who had the confidence of the
Americans to take charge of the affairs
of the church in Cuba and Porto Rico
and possibly later in the Philippines."
This announcement, which referred to
Mgr. Chapelle's appointment, did not
even mention his name. The object of this
silence is not known, though it is assumed
to be based on a desire to preclude any
allegation in the future that the delega
tion has ever sought to interfere -In any
manner with this Government and its pol
icies.
Catholic authorities here are understood
to have received assurances that Mfcr.
Sbaretti is shortly expected at the War
Department to discuss the friar questions,
but no word has been received by Cardi
nal Martinelll regarding Mgr. Sbaretti,
and nothing is known as to what dutie3
have been or will be entrusted to him. -
NEWHALL MAKES
KNOWN HIS PLAN
There is an introductory fast on the
thirteenth, and on the fourteenth, when
the stars appear, the candles are lighted
in Joy and the people assemble in the syn
agogues, where the megillah roll of Es-
PURIM is one of the Jewish festi
vals that is observed by the He-,
brews the world over. The mean-'
ing of the word is "lots," and is
so called from the fact that Ha
man, one of the Agagites, who relent
lessly pursued the Jews, had chosen by
lot a day he thought auspicious for the
destruction of the Jews. The feast of
Purim is kept on the fourteenth and fif
teenth days of Adar, the sixth month of
the civil and the twelfth month of the ec
clesiastical year of the Jewish calendar.
CROWD ADMIRES
ARTISTS' WORK
Hebrew ! Social Club (incorporated) com
posed of many prominent young Hebrews,
and which was organized In 1895. It will
give a grand- masquerade ball .on the
night of the 16th inst. in ' Union Square
Hall. Those who will.be on the dance
floor will be in fancy costumes and will
wear masks. The grand march will com
mence at 8 o'clock. The two banquet halls
adjoining -the main hall- will be opened for
the convenience of the dancers and the
on-lookers. The affair will be given un
der the direction of the following officers:
Henry Goldman, president; Syl Shaben,
vice president; M. M. Davis, secretary,
and Paul Goldstein, treasurer, assisted
by Aaron Lewis and Henry Nathan, floor
managers. Handsome and costly prizes
will be distributed for the handsomest
and most original and best sustained
characters.
'At the close of the address a large num
ber of dissolving views were thrown upon
a screen and Dr. Barkan explained the
views and took the audience upon a trip
to the centers of art and learning b« had
visited.
Dr. Barkan paid a tribute to the famous
s>avants of the foreign universities, who
he declared were always ready to wel
come American medical men and discuss
vital tcpics with them.
The lecturer also gave valuable in
formation as to the large hospitals of
London and the remarkable features of
aseptic surgery as practiced in those in
stitutions. He deplored that on the Pa
cific Coast the endowment of hospitals
and colleges was not as generous as in
the East and in Europe.
In pleasant diction. Dr. Barkan re
counted his experiences in attending a
jubilee celebration at the University of
Glasgow when distinguished men from
every quarter cf the world gathered to
gether. The life of the students in the
foreign universities was vividly portrayed
and the histories of the seats of learning
briefly told.
Dr. Barkan told of his personal exper
iences in traveling across the continent
and visiting the important seats of learn
ing in the East and in Europe. He de
scribed the great medical colleges of Eng
land. Scotland and Germany and also told
cf the famous universities of those coun
tries.
A most interesting lecture was delivered
last evening by Dr. A- Barkan in the
auditorium of the Cooper Medical Col
lege, the subject of the address being "A
Summer Vacation." ' . . ..
War Department Awaits'
Arrival of Pope's
Delegate.
Audience at Cooper Col
lege Hears Address
by Dr. Barkan.
This loan is also supposed to have some
thing- to do with the approaching cam
paign for Governor, which Dr. Pardee has
declared he wan srolne to make.
The note that was held by the Central
Bank, covering the Oakland Enquirer,
was to-day taken up and paid. This
leaves the paper free and clear of debt
to any bank in Oakland. What the con
dition of the paper now is the managers
refuse to say. Formerly the stock of the
paper was held by the Central Bank as
security for a loan of $55,000, and as fur
ther security the names of George C.
Pardee and Henry P. Dalton appeared
upon the note. The note . having been
paid off the stock now passes out of the
hands of the bank into the hands of those
who paid the note. Whether they now
hold it or whether it has been deposited
elsewhere no one will say.
Exactly what connection this loan has
with the suit now pending over the Oak
land Enquirer and with the campaign for
Governor into which the doctor has
launched is not certain.
The mortgage covers five separate
realty holdings, including the lot and old
Pardee manor at the corner of Eleventh
and Castro streets. There are two lots
in the City Hall tract, fronting on San
Pablo" avenue, between fifteenth . and
Sixteenth streets; one on Telegraph ave
nue, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth
streets; the 200x200 lot in East Oakland,
and an improved lot at the cerner of
Fourth and Folsom streets, San Fran
cisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 14. _
Dr. George C. Pardee, candidate for
the gubernatorial nomination on the Re
publican ticket and chief figure In the suit
of D. Edward Collins against the Oakland
Enquirer Publishing Company, to-day
placed on record a mortgage for $117,500,
given to the Oakland Bank of Savings, ;
covering an of bis real" estate." '¦ ]
There is great 'divergence of opinion on the
part of the members of the Supreme Court
of the territory as to whether or not the
people of this territory were, during the
period between July 7. 1S98. abd June 14, 1000,
living in an American territory and subject
to such laws as were not inconsistent with the
Joint resolution of Congress, nor contrary to
the constitution of the United States. • • »
The decisions of the local territorial courts
upon this question are an attack upon the
constitutional rights of the citizen, affecting:
life and liberty, which are thereby made in
secure. ¦
Mankichi, between the time of the rais
ing of the American flag over the Ha
waiian Islands.and the formal annexation
of that territory by Congressional- enact
ment, was convicted in Honolulu by nine
of twelve jurors of manslaughter' of the
first degree, and on May 22, 1899, was sen
tenced to twenty years' imprisonment at
Lard labor, all the proceedings having
been had under the old Hawaiian laws.
Mankichi applied for a writ of habeas
corpus on the ground that his conviction
was had contrary to the provisions of the
constitution of -the United States, which
he contended became the law of the land
as soon as the American flag had been
hojsted. United States District Judge
Estee granted the writ and ordered Man
kichi released from custody. The counsel
for the Government immediately appealed
to the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals of the Ninth Circuit and to the
United States Supreme Court. Judge
Estee in his opinion filed yesterday says:
An important constitutional question
will be. heard in the Supreme Court of the
United States, the last step necessary for
that proceeding having been taken by the
United States .Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday, when the record in the habeas
corpus case of Osakl Manklchi was certi
fied to the Supreme Court.
Dr. Pardee Raises Large
Sum on His Property
Holdings.
Hawaiian Case Goes to
the United States
Supreme Court.
COVERS HEALTY .
WITH MORTGAGE
MONTEREY, March 14.— The coal fields
of Slacks Canyon, in the southern portion
of Monterey County, are to be developed.
The transportation problem will be over
come for the present by ths construction
of a tramway from the mine to Bradley,
the nearest railway point, a distance of
about twenty-two miles. Later a railway
spur will take the place of the tramway.
Coal Fields to Be Developed.
FRIARS' RIGHTS
THE NEXT ISSUE
The organization ]3 composed of clever
amateurs. The programme from the first
turn to the. fall of the curtain afforded a
pleasant entertainment. The first part,
during which a number of specialties were
Introduced, gave the performers a chance
to display their talent. In all six end
men furnished the fun and created con
siderable laughter with their witty say
ings and stories.
¦Calvin Dlx in manipulations of the
baton; the piekannlny dancers. Johnson
and Williams, and the Golden City double
male quartet were well received. Georcjo
F. Keane and Richard H. Hunt In tenor
solos; Reginald Keene and. Thomas Now
lan in barytone solos; Will H. Brown,
Michael Scanlon and the end men, Will
Murray, Harry Osthoff, Robert S. Rob
erts, Norris Parrent, Lloyd Spencer and
Elton Lambert, added their share to the
success of the entertainment.
The Golden City Minstrels gave their
initial monthly performance last night at
Odd Fellows' Hall to a crowded house.
dub at Odd Fellows' Hall Is
Success.
Initial Performance of Golden City
AMATEUR MINSTRELS GIVE •
PLEASANT ENTERTAINKENI
DOES THE FLAG
INSTALL TIE LAW?
The result of to-night's action In pro
rosing the election of a chairman Is.re
carded as a defeat for Griggs of Georgta,
"who was a prominent candidate for the
ornce. Those favoring a postponement of
the election of a chairman were strongly
of the opinion that he should be a "West
ern Democrat. The following Senators
were announced as members of the com
mittee: Berry, Arkansas; Taliaferro,
Florida; Money, Mississippi; Cockrell,
Missouri; Clark, Montana; Carmack, Ten
nessee; Culberson, Texas; Rawlins, Utah;
Martin, Virginia.
The committee also selected additional
members for States and Territories that
have -no representation in the House, as
follows: James Morris or the District of
Columbia: James E. English, California;
Iii F. Handy, Delaware; J. W. U. Denny,
Maryland; Frank Hosford, Michigan: I*
A. Rosing, Minnesota; H. F. Hollis, New
Hampshire; H. B. Ferguson. New Mex
ico; W. H. King, Utah; George Turner,
Washington; C. J. Faulkner, West Vir
ginia; E. C Wall, Wisconsin; John E.
Osborne, Wyoming. /
WASHINGTON, March 14.— The Demo
cratic Congressional campaign commit
tee met to-night and for over two hou*&
discussed plans of reorganization. Thirty
four States were represented. It was de
cided that "inasmuch as there were a
number of States without representatives
in the Democratic party in the House the
organization should not be completed un
til the next meeting of the committee,
to be held two weeks from to-night, when
a chairman, and secretary and an assist
ant secretary will be chosen. In the
meantime it was agreed that the present
chairman, Richardson of Tennessee,
should continue to act as temporary
chairman and a committee was appointed
consisting of Representative W. T. Zenor
of Indiana and James L. Morris of Dis
trict of Columbia, in connection with the
temporary chairman, to correspond with
the executive committee of States not
represented on the committee with the
view of having them suggest members of
the committee.
Until compulsory arbitration became
legalized, continued Signor Giolotti, lht»
Government should intervene on the ap
peal of both sides to a controversy to ef
fect a pacific settlement. The Government
should certainly intervene in the case of
a strike in the public services or the bak
ers, as such a strike led to anarchy.
On this ground the Minister ot the In
terior justified the attitude of toe Govern
ment' in the recent railway strike and ltd
endeavor to secure s&eisf action for- the"
legitimate aspirations of the railway em»
ployes, many of whom were u.ipald. A
great result could be achieved, conc'uded
Signor f Giolottl, when the proletariat
ceased to regard the Government as 1U
enemy.
This was a justifiable aspiration, said
the speaicer, and since the demands weie
not political the movement cou»4 only be
come dangerous if the Government tried
to suppress it by force. The daty of the
Government wa:>" to be impartial and to
respect the rights of strike propajrandi3m
so long as there was no incitement to vk>
lence. '..-,.... •..>>."
ROME, March 14— Replying to criti
cisms during the debate in the Chamber
of Deputies to-day on the policy cf the
Government, Signor Glolotti, Minister of
the Interior, made a speech iii which be
insisted that many of the recent, striksa
were part of a great social movement of
all classes of the proletariat to secure bet
ter conditions of life. V.-.
The prospects for the tunnel are good and
Oakland will see development work in the
next few' years that will astonish even the
most sanguine. There U a great deal of at
tention being paid in the East to Oakland
*nd the people would feel very proud if they
knew to what extent capital is turning its
eyes toward their city as a field lor invest
ment.
What has been said about the plans of our
companies and the future of Oakland Is sub
stantially correct. The announcements that
have been made are guaranteed by the work
that has immediately followed looking to the
eeeuring of the franchises necessary.
The competing ferry is guaranteed by the
fact that the contracts for the machinery for
two ferry steamers have been let. The crowd
ed condition of the iron trade makes the plac
ing- of early orders for any iron work impera
tive, and the hulls for the boats will be ready
when the machinery Is. The boats will be the
finest that can be built.
F.;M. Smith, the principal backer of the
Realty Syndicate and its subsidiary cor
porations, the Oakland Transit Company,
Piedmont and Oakland Railroad and Fer
ry Company and the Oakland and East
Side Railroad Company, returned to-day
from the East. Smith was. in New York
and Washington when the announcements
were made here as to the plans of the
corporations and their connection with
the Santa Fe Railroad, which is to come
into Oakland over some of the lines of his
corporations. Some of Smith's statements
are of interest as being official in regard
to the plans of the companies. Smith
said:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 14.
GIVES LECTURE
ON TRIP ABROAD
Piazzoni's lieutenants in what is called
the "onward movement" are: J. T. Mar
tinez, Blendcn R. Campbell, M. L. Dixon,
Gertrude F. Boyle, Arthur Putnam, Mor
ris Delmue. Otto Wit, Matteo Sandona
and Neilson. The jurors in the case are:
Arthur Mathews, Robert L Aitkln.
Henry Raschen, L. P. I-#atimer and Eve
lyn MeConnlck, while the directors who
find themselves hemmed in on Nob Hill
are James W. Byrne, Willis E. Davis,
Henry Heyman, Chauncey R. Winslow,
Irving M. Scott. Horace G. Platt, Clinton
E. Worden. James D. Phelan and William
H. Crocker.
There is an accusation that to-day there
Is no standard at the Hopkins Art Insti
tute exhibitions and that sadly too many
amateurs are permitted to gain space
where once upon a time artists only — pro
fessional artists — those gentlemen born to
Bohemia— won by dint of labor, skill and
genius the right of being exhibited.
It is furthermore contended by these
gentlemen that there is a hush In the
voice that once inquired the price of can
vases and to get those days to come again
they must band together as artists, they
must exhibit as artists and then sell as
artists.
Piazzoni last evening decided, after con
sultation with his aids and supporters,
that in the course of a week he will con
sider the advisability of retiring from part
possession of Nob Hill and carry on oper
ations somewhere down in the city, where
an artists' camp shall be fitted and
equipped for the betterment of art and
the makers of art
The directors therefore are surrounded
on all sides. The army of jurors is led
fcy Arthur Mathews on the right and G.
F. P. Piazzoni on the left, the surround
ed force being- in personal command of
Director James W. Byrne.
The Call some days ago told of the dis
content of the jurors and their threat to
oppose the directorate so far as it went
in interfering' with selections and rejec
tions of pictures. And now on top of it
all comes the threatened revolt of the
artists.
The government whic-n directs the Art
Institute has heard soft mutterings ex
pand into significant and roaring grum
blings from the artist-jurors, and now
must meet on the other hand the wail and
assaults of those who heretofore have
gladly availed themselves of the privilege
and honor conferred by a beneficent and
kindly tolerant association.
Artists whose canvases adorn the walls
of the Hopkins Art Institute on Nob Hill
are having strenuous times. Aged wield
crs of the bru^h are shaking their heads
wondering what is going to happen next
and at the same time deploring the threat
ened rebellious charge upon an institute
which for many years has stood sponsor
for some of those who are now inclined
to t&ke up arms against it.
Course of the Government
. in Arbitration Is '.'
Defined.
James E. English of Califor
nia Selected as a Non-
Member Worker.
Head of the Realty Syndicate
Talks About Oakland's
Desire to Fix a Standard
Which They Say Does
Not Exist.
Italian Minister Speaks
About Labor Dis
turbances. *
P. M. Smith Says That the
Competing Ferry Line
Is Certain.
Flan to Form a Society
of Painters All
Their Own.
Meeting of the Demo
cratic Congressional
Committee.
DISCUSS PLANS
FOR CAMPAIGN
SAYS STRIKES
HAVE MERITS
ARTISTS FIND
NEW TROUBLES
Jews Will Assemble in Synagqigues and Later Cele
brate Deliverance With Feast of Purim.
HEBREWS AWAIT ANNIVERSARY
OF DAY ONCE SET FOR THEIR DOOM
CONTRACTS LET
FOR NEW BOATS
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SATURDAY, . MARCH 15, 1902.
OFFICERS OF THE HEBREW SOCIAL CLUB WHO HAVE CHARGE OF THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE BIG
MASQUERADE BALL TO BE GIVEN IN UNION-SQUARE HALL AT THE CLOSE OF' THE FEAST OF
purim. '; ' ¦ .- . ..• . . .
9
. Z^^^^V . She Thought About
ta^s**^^ J S J ft\ a oo< * *h*t "would
a 4 ''"'J*7^ '"v-^tnT/^ !§^«1 \ Agree "with Her.
' / n fB^^^SMr^l n\ An unnatural appetite for rich
ftfS/tr iWWftSr dSItl J .vNm and improper food is really kept
m?z fSBm&mm'' 1 4» by the use of such foods '
V '-^^MI'^ J L»i whereas a chanse to healthful.
CT£^""p> jC^-^V^ ' fc^il^ nourishing and scientifically
~**js^ __^^ V^^ v ~ i -.- /^ S * itliflifiszih. made food will correct the un-
¦Sg"*^^^* KnM " M '*" M *" M " M^ ==£uij--. " *"*"* natural appetite. A little woman
*^^-^» fagg-.- I up at Peekskill, N. Y., Margaret
223^ — ; Smith, P.O. box 193, says:
"I was such a sufferer from dyspepsia that life was a burden. I could
hardly keep from eating all sorts of pastry, cakes and other -rich 1 , foods, . al-
though they did not agree with me. nor in fact did any sort of food. I became
low-spirited and discouraged, was tO3 weak to work and very seriously
troubled with palpitation of the heart. . v- ."
"Drugs eeemed to make me woree rather than better. A friend said one
day: 'I believe Grape-Nuts food would cure you,' explaining that that food
was made with great care and intended for the prevention and relief of dis-
eases that were brought about by improper food.
"That was Saturday night, and all day Sunday I kept thinking about
Grape-Nuts, and the first thing Monday morning I sent for a package. I had
It in my mind that the food would look like nuts, and was disappointed when
I found it had to be eaten with a spoon. However, I followed the directions,
and made a meal of Grape-Nuts and milk, which I found to be delicious, and
for the first time in months I suffered no distress after eating.
"I at once began to feel hopeful that I might be cured at last. Since that
day I have used Grape-Nuts constantly, morning and night, and have steadily
improved in health, until now I am as well as I ever was in my life; weigh
ten pounds more than I did a year ago, have no palpitation of the heart and
can work all day long. >
"At eupper I have Grape-Nuts mixed with soft-boiled eggs. I make my
dinner on any kind of food I desire. One of the best things about this cure"
by proper food is that I no longer have any desire for the rich, indigestible
rubbish of which I used to be bo fond."Steamer Movements
VANCOUVER— Sailed March 14— Nor bark
Andromeda, for , Iqulque. ¦
LOS ANGELES, March 14.— That the Uni
versity of. Southern California soon will have
an endowment fund of $200,000 seems assured.
Those in charge of the raising of the money
report that $85,000 of the second $100,000 has
been subscribed.
count. date, standing.
'Alpers «. -.15,940 1195 14,745
Bfnt .-.. 16,132 1155 14,957
Eggers ?15,953 1243 • 14.710
Wilson ...16,517 1077 15,440
Coghlan 15,tSS6 768 15.918
Reagan 15,434 807 14,627
Walsh '........ 15.8S8 * 794 15.092
Finn 15.590 778 14,812
' There are only seventy-three more pre
cincts to be recounted in the election
contest. The Labor candidates are losing
steadily in the precincts now being count
ed, but their attorneys contend that the
losses will not be heavy enough to reduce
the lead they gained in the precincts up
to the time the recount of the votes cast
s-.'uth of Market . street was commenced.
The attorneys for Walsh and Coghlan
claim their clients have a safe lead. There
were nine precincts counted yesterday,
the Seventh, Twelfth, Thirteenth, Four
teenth and Fifteenth of the Twenty
eighth District, the Fifth and Sixth of the
Thirty-first ¦ District, the Eleventh of the
Thirty-second and the Seventeenth of the
Thirty-sixth. The losses sustained by the
contestants in these precincts were:
Alpers 84, Bent 24, Eggers 32, "Wilson 25,
Coghlan 45, Reagan 46. Walsh 46 and Finn
44. The following table shows the stand
ing of the candidates to date:
Official Loss to Present •
Enjoying a Safe Lead in
the Recount.
Say Walsh and Coghlan Are Now
ATTOBNEYS CLAIM TWO
CONTESTANTS WTLI* WIN
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer, j From. . - Due.
Mandalay Coqullla River Mar. 15'
Coronado.... Santa Barbara Mar. 15
Despatch.... San Pedro ..' Mar. 15
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 13
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara Mar. 15
Pleiades Seattle Mar. 15
Asuncion.... Tacoma Mar. 16
Victoria....'. Comox Mar. IB
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 16
G. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria Mar. 1«
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Ports. Mar; 18
Del Norte... Crescent City Mar. 17
Fclralna Nanalmo Mar. 18
Alliance Portland & ¦ Way ¦ Pts. .. Mar. 18
Eureka Humboldt Mar. 18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.. Mar. 18
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Mar. 18
Hermonthis.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. 18
Phoenix Mendoclno City Mar 18
Newburg San Pedro Mar 19
Feking China & Japan liar. 19
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 19
Bonita....... Newport & Way Ports.. Mar 20
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar 20
Australia Tahiti Mar 21
City of Para.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 21
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma Mar 21
Columbia Portland & Astoria Mar! 21
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports Mar 23
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar 2i
Alameda j Honolulu ....[Mar 25
The wreck has proved a financial beneflt
to the Market-street Railway, the waffle
man, peanut vender and the saloon men
on the beach.
The life-saving crew paid a visit to the
wreck yesterday morning. Captain Var
ney had little trouble putting a line on
board and another line was fastened on
shore to hold the lifeboat between the
wreck and the beach. A few members »of
the schooner's crew went on board the
Reporter and secured . their personal ef
fects. They reported that the vessel was
leaking like a sieve and was breaking up.
It Is expected that the lumber on board
the schooner will float ashore. The vessel
and cargo will be sold at auction to-day
at the Merchants' Exchange.
Every person who went out to the beach
carled home. a piece of lumber as a souve
nir of the wreck. A number of Olympic
Club swimmers attempted to reach the
side of the schooner, but the heavy seas
forced them to return.
Thousands of people journeyed to tne
ocean beach yesterday to view the wreck
of the three-masted schooner Reporter.
Cameras were seen in number and the
stranded vessel was photographed on
every side. Residents in the vicinity
waited patiently for the vessel to go to
pieces so that they could recover the
lumber that floated ashore, but they were
disappointed, for the' stanch craft with
stood the heavy seas that flowed over her.
The vessel shifted a trifle and is now
closer inshore. Captain Varney of the
life-saving station says she will come still
closer inshore. . •
Shifted Somewhat and Is Com
- ing Closer Inshore.
Ili-Fated Schooner Reporter Has
THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
VISIT SCENE OF WRECK
NEW PACIFIC MAIL STEAMSHIP, THE LARGEST VESSEL EVER BUILT
IN AMERICA, WHICH IS ABOUT TO HAVE HER. TRIAL TRIP AT NEW
PORT NEWS AND WILL THEN COME TO THIS CITY.
* ¦' »¦¦ ¦ r •: : .-• i
. MONTEREY, March 14.— Six sealing
schooners, all belonging to the Victoria,
B. C, Sealing Company's fleet, have come
into this harbor during the last twenty
four hours in a disabled condition, and the
last one in reports two others making for
port here as fast as the heavy weather
outside will permit. Four schooners of
the fleet sealing in California waters have
been wrecked In the past six weeks, re
ports Captain Goff of the Arietas, and the
masters of all the vessels here say that
never before has the fleet experienced no
disastrous a season on this coast.
The Penelope, Captain Heater, arrived
this morning wltn all her fore rigging
gone and otherwise badly damaged, hav
ing left here on Sunday on her third in
effectual attempt in two weeks to leave
Mcnterey Bay and put to sea.
The Ocean Belle. Captain LfcFee, brings
the most thrilling tale of disaster. Be
sides having .to battle with wind and
waves, she has had to contend against
fire. Her Chinese cook poured the schoon
er's entire supply of coal oil over every
accessible part of her and then set flre to
the deck house, not ten met ' from- where
a number of kegs of powder were stored.
As soon as the flames were discovered the
incendiary jumped overboard, and as all
hands were needed in fight fire no effort
was made to save him. It is believed he
was demented.
All .the schooners new here will remain
until the present heavy weather abatis;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Six Disabled Sealing Schoon
- era Put Into Port at
Monterey.
Crew of the Ocean Belle
. Has a Thrilling Ex
,- perience.
MONGOLIAN COOK
FIRES THE SHIP
.- ' ' ' TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
March : 15.
Meteor..... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pmSwalll
[aqua..;... Seattle direct 9 am Pier 32
Coronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier •£
Czarina... > Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier a
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor...... '5 pm Pier 16
Santa Barb Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt i 8 am Pier la
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ( 2 pm Pier a
Bonita Newport & Way Pts !» am Pier 11
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
- March 10.
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 9 am Pier 16
Lokme..... Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Spokane... San' Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 17.
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. | 2 pmSwalll
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier Ui
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
March 18.
Mandalay.. Coquille River .| 3 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 pjPler 9
Newport... Panama & Wav Pts 12 m|PMSS
March 19.
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
Newburg... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
State of Cal. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
March 2O.
Oregonian. Honolulu' direct Pier 20
Ventura. . . . Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
Alliance... Portland & Coos B Pier — •
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
March 21. •>
Amer.Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
March 22.
North Fork Humboldt > 9 am Pier 2
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound^ Ports 11 am Pier 9
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pmSwalll
¦ Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
" thorlty of the Superintendent. •
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-s.treet wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tides.
. •¦•• FROM SEATTLE. *
Steamer. For. , . Salla.~
B. Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Al-Ki.. Skagway & Way -Ports. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skagway &.Way Ports. Mar. 16
Dolphin. Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 18
Farallon... .. Skagway & Way Ports. | Mar. 20
CityofTopeka. Skagway & Way Ports. (Mar. 21
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. (Mar. 16
SATURDAY, MARCH 15.
Sun rises. '....'..:.. 6 :2l
Sun sets. ." .6:17
Moon seta ..0:00 a. m.
O Time | Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. -- — - Ft.
© - H W L W H W L W
15 2:50 6.1 9:52 0.5 4:55 4.1 9:42 2.8
16 3:47 5.0 11:05 0.4 6:17 4.110:50 3.0
17 4:58 5.012:15 0.3 7:28 4.3 .-.
L W H W ¦ ¦ L.W H.W .
18 0:10 3.0 6:10 4.0 1:17 0.2 8:25 . '4.5
19 1:25 2.0 7:31 .8.0 2:12 0.2 9:12 4.8
20 2:25 2.5 8:38 5.2 3:03 0.2 9:56 5.2
21 3:17 2.1 0:37 5.2 3:47 0.4 10:33 5.4
Harry Walters, William / Duriti. T. J.
Strange, Charles Crawford;;George;Law
rence and-Nels Johnson, bunko men, 'ar
rested . Thursday evening at 33 Sixth
street on complaint of 'Martin' C-. Luther,
a visitor from . the country, who claimed
that they had attempted to trick him ' out
of his money, appeared before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a -charge of va
grancy. -The cases had to ba dismissed,
as there wm no evidence to -sustain the
charge.
Bunko Men Are Byeleased.
To Mexico— 13.526 ft lumber, - 5 tons coal
1S2 gals wine. 2759 lbs raisins. 1730 lbs lard
1180 bbls 2 cs spices, 7 cs canned salmon 100
pkgs hardware, 46 crs potatoes and onions. l'j->6
lbs e pkgs dried fruit, 4076 lbs 1 cs bread.
114 pkgs paste, 800 lbs butter. -1934 lbs meals
372 lbs codfish, 116 ; lbs ham ; and ¦ bacon 200
lbs tea, COO lbs rice, 25 flasks quicksilver, 5500
The steamer Palena, which . sailed ' Thurs
day for Valparaiso and way ports, carried a
general cargo valued at $52,824, manifested
and destined as follows-: For Mexico, $7391;
Central America, $29,246; Panama, $3510;
Ecuador. $2528; Peru, $8355; Chile, $269; Eng
land, $1516. The following were the principal
exports: -
The Falena's Cargo.
Time Ball..
Branch Hydrographic Office, ' U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Can Francisco, Cal.,
'March 14, 1902. -', -
The time ball was dropped one second early
to-day. W. H. STANDLEY, .
* Lieutenant,*: U. S. N., - In charge.
A Cargo of Wheat.
The German ship Andorlnha was cleared yes
terday for Liverpool with 109,640 ctls wheat,
valued at $126,000. and 41,000 ft lumber as
dunnage, valued at $01 5. . . .
¦ NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the lett
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day -in the order of occurrence as to. time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to- the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus. ( — )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from tha depth | given - by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. '
The latest grain . charters are : . British ship
Rahane, wheat or barley . to Europe, 23s, a
decline; German ship Marie Hackfeld, same
voyage, 23» 3d;. French bark Ernest Legouve,'
Portland to Europe, 24s 6d.
The Italian bark Cavour loads lumber at
Everett for Callao at 45s, chartered prior to
arrival.
The British ship Inchcape Rock loads wheat
at Portland for South Africa at 25s; the Brit
ish ehlp Marion Llghtbody, wheat at same
port for Europe at same rate.
The British ship Laomene is chartered for
lumber on Puget Sound for Fremantle at 55s.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British ship Hyderabad,, which was pre
vented from going to sea on Thursday on ac
count of squally weather outside, sailed yester
day for Queenstown. .
Colliers arriving yesterday from the north
brought to port 6460 tons of coal. Coasting
lumber vessels that arrived carried altogether
1,004,000 feet of lumber.
Captain Perry has* taken . charge of the
schooner Novelty and Captain Tralnor, late of
the Novelty, has assumed command of the
schooner Churchill.
The ship Star of France and the bark Hlm
alya are to be sold by auction March 26, at 2
p. m., at the Merchants' Exchange.
The whaler Alexander' was yesterday placed
on the drydock preparatory to starting on her
annual cruise.
The French bark Max was yesterday towed
from the Fulton Iron Works to the Merchants'
drydock.
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mall steamship Colon was yester
day towed to Martinez, where she will be left
to rest her bones in fresh water until the Pan
ama trade picks up.
WU1 Best in Fresh Water.
One of the last steam whalers to get ready
for the annual cruise is the Bowhfiad. The
work of fitting her out was completed yester
dya and she is now almost ready for sea.
Last of the Whalers.
Arthur Watson, a sailor belonging to the
British ship ¦ Cawdor, yesterday tumbled down
that vessel's hold. At the Harbor" Hospital Dr.
Maher found that Watson's injuries consisted
of a lacerated scalp and a fractured collar
bone.
Falls Down Cawdor's Hold.
The steam collier Czarina arrived yesterday,
135 hours from Tacoma. The early part of the
trip was extremely stormy, the collier having
to se»k shelter In Neah Bay, where she re
mained for a considerable spell. She was
eighty-five hours coming from Neah Bay. She
brought 1100 tons of coal.
Czarina Has Rough. Voyage.
The British steamship Adato. which arrived
the other day from Manila and will sail to-day
for Portland, has changed commanders. The
change came In the nature of a pleasant sur
prise to Castaln Mclntyre, to whom it means
promotion to the flagship of the fleet belonging
to the Adato f s owners. Captain McClure is the
new commander. He arrived here from Glas
gow a few days ago and yesterday relieved
Captain Mclntyre. Captain Mclntyre goes to
Portland by rail to take command of the
Oceano.
Adato Changes Skippers.
ADEN — Passed March 13 — Spanish stmr Isla
de Panay, from Liverpool, '.for Manila.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived March 12 — Br ship
Achnashtr, hence Oct. 9. ' ' ¦ '
• GREENOCK- Arrived March .12 — Ger ; ship
Vasao da Gama. hence Nov 6. •
HARWICH— Arrived ; March 12— Br ship
Mooltan, hence Sept 28.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Sailed March 13 — Schr
Kailua, for Honolulu.
SUVA — Sailed Feb 6 — Schr Defiance, for Port
Townsend. ¦-¦ -'- » •. .' ¦'• V . .
- FREMANTLE — Arrived March ' : 13 — Bark
Gen Falrchild. from Port Ludlow.
. ISLAND STEAMERS. \"-' ; .
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived March 14— Stmr
Belgenland, from Liverpool; stmr Switzerland,
from Antwerp. . - ; • , .: •
GREENOCK — Arrived March 13 — Stmr Siber
ian, from ' Philadelphia. ' • \ . . -
CHERBOURG — Arrived • March 14 — Stmr
Kronprlnz Wilhelm, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen. :i"#*^*£^'«Sat&*2Jf*>»isf i *
HAVRE— Arrived March 14^-Stmr , La ¦ Bre- |
tasne, from New York. , ¦ j
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK- Sailed March 13— Br strrr'
Condor, for Valtjaraiso.
EASTERN PORT.
POINT REYES— Passed March 14, 8 a m—
Stmr Celia, hence March 13, for Albion.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived March 14— Stmr
National City, hence March 12. ;
SEATTLE — Arrived March 14 — Stmrs Dlrigc
and Cottage City, from Skagway; stmr Santa
Ana, hence March 9; • " ..•..,.
Sailed March 14 — Br stmr Oceano, for Port
land; Br ship Laomene, for Tacoma.
Arrived March 14 — Stmr Charles Counselman."
from Friday Harbor; schr Louise, from Ketchi
kan; Br bark Wanderer, from Tacoma. ¦ • ¦ -¦
Sailed March 14— Stmr Chico, from New Al
berni; schr Maid of Orleans, from Falrhaven. -
PORT BLAKELET— Arrivea March 12—
Bktn John Smith, from San Pedro.
Arrived March 14— Stmrs News
boy, hence March 11; stmr Aberdeen, hence
March 12; stmr Pomona, hence March 13. •¦-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 14— Schr Roy
Somers, from New Whatcom;- schr Eric, from
Taccma.
Arrived March 14— Stmr Ruth, from Port
Los Angeles; . stmr Despatch, from Redondo;
etmr Newbur*, from Grays Harbor; schr
Comet, from Port Blakeley; schr C A Thayer,
from Grays Harbor; . schr ¦ Maweema, . from
Grays Harbor: .schr Annie Larsen, from . Ta
coma; tug Rescue, with barge Santa Paula in
tow, hence March' 12; bktn Encore, from Co
lumbia River. . ..-.-'
Sailed March 14 — Stmr Brunswick, ¦ for San
Francisco: stmr Ruth, for. San Francisco; stmr
Homer, - for San Francisco; schr Bansror, for
Port Townsend. ...
SOUTH B*END— Sailed March 14— Schr ' Mil
dred, for San Francisco.- *
CASPAR — Sailed March 14 — Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro. • ¦-•..
REDONDO — Arrived March 14 — Schr Wm
Nottingham, from Ballard. ¦
SIUSLAW — Arrived March 12 — Schr Mary
Etta, hence March 3. ¦ • :
TACOMA— Arrived March 14>— Stmr Santa
Ana, hence March 9. . ' • , . . . . .
Arrived March 14-^-Stmr Edith, from fishing
cruise. March ; 13— Br ship Laomene, from
Seattle. . ¦ • ' , . - "
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived March 14—
Stmr Scotia, hence : March 12.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March 14, 10 p m— Weather
dear; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Friday, March 14,
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Columbia, Dosan, Astoria. -
Stmr Pasadena; Rasmussen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, .
Stmr South Coast. Dunham, . .
Stror Rainier, Hansen, Seattle.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, Kureka.
Br ship Hyderabad, Scott, Queenstown. .
Schr Berwick, Peterson, Rogue River.
CLEARED.
Friday, March 14.
6tmr Thistle, Peterson, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association. • • -
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. * .
Stmr Rainier, Hansen, Seattle; Pollard
Steamship Co.
Stmr Meteor, Jensen, Seattle ; A Jensen,
master. .
Br stmr Adato, McClure, Portland; Williams,
Dlmond & Co.
Br ship Andorlnha, Nicholas, Liverpool; Gir
vin & Eyre. • ..
Schr C T Hill, Mellberg. Unalaska; North
American Commercial Co. ¦ . '
Friday, March 14.
Btmr Rival, Olsen, 66 hours from South
Bend.
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, 15 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Luella, Olsen. 11 hours from Bowens
Landing. - ¦ - ¦
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 135 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson. 39 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 92 hours from Ta
coma. 4
Ship Santa Clara, Lindbercr, 6 days from
LadyBmlth.
Schr Western Home, Lambke, 3% days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Ktta B, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Korea will have her trial trip next
Thursday and will leave for this port as
soon after that as possible. She is the
largest vessel that has ever entered this
harbor and promises I to revolutionize
trans-Pacific schedules. "_
The Korea and her sister ship, the Si
beria, each cost $2,000,000. The Siberia,
which will be similar in every respect to
the Korea, will not be here until late In
the summer.
Twenty knots an hour is the speed
promised for the giant liner. She i* 572
feet long, ha* a beam of 63 feet and dis
places 18,600 tons with 17 feet draught. She
will accommodate 1450 passengers and is
equipped with engines of 18,000 horse
power. ¦ • • • , . _, ,
She is longer than the steamship China
by 132 feet. The height of her sides is
forty feet and the distance around her
rail Is nearly a quarter of a mile. Cap
tain Seabury f who has been superintend
ing the construction of the leviathan, will
be her first commander.
SAN FRANCISCO will be able to
claim very shortly the • distinction
of being the home . port of the
largest steamship ever bulft in
America. The Korea, built for
the Pacific Mail Company, has been com
pleted and will be here in time to replace
the Peru on the run to China, scheduled
for May 17.
lbs sulphur. 15 pkgs groceries ' and provisions,
10 bbls cement, 20 cs 330 sals whisky, 2fl
pkgs paints and oils, 17 coils rope, 729 lbs
cheese, 13 bbls flour, 34 pkgrs eteel and lion,
656 lbs potash, 2507 lbs tallow, 52 cs canned
goods, 11 bdls paper, 2 cs drugs.
To Central America — 1240 bbls flour, 10 cs
arms and ammunition, 73 pkgs bottled beer,
320 5bs bread, 9 bdls brooms, 114S lbs codfish,
832 lbs cheese, 1482 gals cocoanut oil, 12S cs»
assorted canned goods. 50 bbls cement, 19
pkgs dry goods, 15S6 lbs dried fruit. 47 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 1659 lbs 2 pkgs ham
and bacon, 21 pkgs hardware, 3 cs hats, 6C0
lbs lard, 124 cs liquors, 3000 ft lumber, 8155
lbs malt. 2 pkgB machinery, 2712 lbs mlll
stuffa, 949 Jbs nuts, 210 crs potatoes. 50 bdla
paper, 6 pkgs paste, 4 colls rope, 3001 railroad
ties, 144,800 lbs rice, 1911 lbs raisins. 1705
lbs eplces. 29 cs canned salmon, 800 lbs soda,
25 pkgs stationery and ink, 30.349 lbs tallow,
2257 gals wine, 100 cs 50 gals whisky.
To Panama — 730 bbls of flour, 15,295 lbs
sugar, 5 cs drugs, 10 cs canned goods, (>0;5
gals wine, 50 crs potatoes, 3 cs shoes, 843 lbs
lard. 578 lbs ham.
To Ecuador — 717 bbls flour.
To Peru — 195 pkgs machinery, 3022 raluroad
ties. 162.905 lbs malt, 106 gals wine, 245 lbs
dried fruit, 228 lbs spices, 6 cs canned salmon,
382 lbs ham.
To Chile — 3 bales carpets, 1 cs wall paper.
To England — 257 gals wine and some house
bold goods.
At the conclusion of Harris* remarks the
Senate at 4:30 p. m. went into executive
session and at 6:05 adjourned.
Harris of Kansas took constitutional
ground against the bill, maintaining that
it was a private measure to bestow upon
private individuals or corporations large
turns of money.
McLaurin of Mississippi followed For
aker. He was opposed, he said, not only
to the bill, but to the principles it repre
sents. Whatever is given by. the Govern
ment as a subsidy, McLaurin said, would
be simply a contribution to the dividends
of those engaged in shipping, instead of
for the purpose of encouraging ship
building in this country. He said there
had been no decadence in ship-building- in
America, all reports tending to show that
industry is now experiencing a boom
such as it has not had in fifty years. He
attacked the proposed United States Ship
building Company and called it a com
bination formed for the purpose of em
ploying labor as economically as possible.
Referring to his amendment, intro
duced recently, requiring the names of
persons, firms and members of corpora
tions that would be benefited by the bill
to b© made public McLaurin said that the
taxpayers, from whom the subsidy must
come, should have an opportunity to know
the individuals to whom their money is
paid. Speaking of that portion of his
amendment prohibiting Senators and
members from enjoying any of the bene
fits of the bill by reason of their Interest
in shipping, he said that the necessity of
eliminating one's interest when it conflicts
with duty to the United States is ap
parent. He cited in support of his posi
tion the charges brought against Embas
sador Clayton and said that a Government
official must not have his duty on one side
and his private interests on the other.
In proof of the greater cost of ships
constructed in America. Fora Her- read a
letter from President Baker of the Atlan
tic Transportation Line, showing that the
contract price for two ships built for the
company at Belfast. Ireland, was £292,000,
while the cost of two ships identically the
came in construction, built at Camden, N.
J., was £380,000. Foraker asserted that
the International Navigation Company —
the American Line — had made no money
by carrying the mails under the postal
subsidy act and did not care for a re
newal of its contract.
Foraker of Ohio said that while he ex
pected to vote for the bill, he was not en
tirely satisfied with it. Ever since he had
studied the question he had been of the
opinion that the most equitable and suit
able way to rehabilitate the merchant
marine of the United States would be to
inaugurate the policy of discriminating
duties under which the fathers of the
country made our merchant marine the
pride- of the country.
He -was of the opinion that under the
circumstances it would be impossible to
attempt to return to the policy of dis
criminating' duties. He had followed the
trend of legislation closely enough to
learn that it was highly necessary to have
a majority in favor of any proposition be
fore it was enacted into law. He had con
sulted with his colleagues in the Senate
and recognized the impossibility of secur
ing the majority in favor of the policy of
discriminating duties. Being .desirous of
building' up the merchant marine, he took
therefore the next best scheme for accom
plishing this result.
As to the relative cost of building and
operating American ships under the
American flag, Foraker said the prepon
derance of evidence was against the
proposition that vessels could be built or
operated in this country as cheaply as
they could be built and operated abroad.
"WASHINGTON",. March 14.— Throughout
the session of the Senate to-day the ship
subsidy bill was under consideration.
Suggestion Made for Some
Changes in the Pres
ent Bill.
Senator Foraker Dis
cusses the Subsidy-
Measure. 1
WARMLY FAVORS
AMERICAN SHIPS
¦ ; - . '. ¦ . ¦ "••'•¦¦ "¦ ¦ / ' •''¦'¦» ¦ , ' "\ • " •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 15, ' 1902.
Steamship Korea, the Largest Vessel Ever Built in
America, Is to Replace the Peru.
FOUR TIMES AROUND HER RAIL
MAKES A STRETCH OF A MILE
10
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* i«m»w» «••»•* •»»"* •*"* '• «•"•»»• ••
MAN rit.4xn.Hro.
(Main Lii<«. Foot of Market Street.)
tEATC _ tbou rxBitvAsr ». ma. — a*kit»
7:OOa Benida, fluUun. Elmlrs »ad Saon-
mento « ! W
7iOOa VsoatUlo, Wlaters. Rumioy.. ....... 7:53*
; :U«» Marline*. Sun Kanion. Vallejo. Ntpa,
C»lI»s<i{a»udH»nt» Ron* 0:33*
SiOOa D»ri 3 . Woodland. Knight. Landing.
Marj»»IUo. OroTlllo.. 7»»t»
8:A«* AtUiitlo Kxprera— Ogden and Raat »'-*»i ¦
H:O«»a Nilofl. Lathrop. Stockton ?i*»»
»!•»•» Milefl. Mendota. Banford. Viaallm.
rorftnillo Y .. 4«33»
S:3tf a ShMU Kxpr-w— D»»ti. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). WIUows, Had
Bluff. Portland. 7iS*»
¦ ¦:!•»* Sail .)«¦». JJ»ermo?e, Htoektnu.
lone. 8aoraiiiniito. Plaerrrilla,
M»rj»»!ll«, Clilcn. Uo.l Klutr 4iS.1»
i HsSo>a OakilaW. Ohlnraa.Bonora. Tuolnmn* 4:2S»
«:«»« a Hay ward. Nile* aud Way Statioua.. 1 • >»a*
•¦•OAVaUcJa la«23>
»:OOaLos Aniilai Ix»re»s— llartlties,
Tracy. Lathrop, Ht.ockton, Jlrroed
Fro«no ami Lob Anesles 7»83»
OtSOA V»1IM... MarllnazaiKl Way Htatlnnt 7:!»»r
I i»hm> a Th» O*erlaiiU XJmlted— Ogden. Ueo-
ver. Uiuaha. Chlen*. ..?'f 3 *
3iW«p lien Ida, Winters. naeram.nto.
WomlUml. KniKliU lAUdlllf.
M-ryifillr, ()m»lll« l«:3^»
StSOp Hayward, NUrs and Way St. Mom.. ?:33»
4iiMifMartln«T. Hail IUuiou. Vallejo,
Napit. CallHtoKii. H*nta Ilixa * l2 * A
4i«nr Nile-, LI»ermore. 3todttoD.Lo.il... I2.tf.1y
4i»>>r Hayward. Nile*. HaikJoM. Li»»rraor» t9:»3A
lilnpTlia Owl Umlt«d *- Tinno, TnUre.
\ ltok.raa.l<l. Haiigiia for Santa ISar-
bara. Ia>h Auxeles ¦:».¦»»,
Btnop Port Cosia. Twer, Lathrop, Stockton in s23 a
Si«»rl!4rt!n'i, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced.Fmno iai»3»
«:<»<> r Ha/war<L Nile* aud Sau Jove 7>3o*
ffltonr Vallejo lliS34
• i ««r Oriental Mall— Ogrten, Denrer.
Oiuaha. 8t Louis. ObleaKO «<89»
Ti«OrOr«|i>n»uil OalUnrnla Kxi-r«M,Hao-
lAmnit,,, M«rjH»lll«, Kn.l.Ui.B.
I'ortlaiitf. I'M,.* rioili.il ami East »'3*»
St«3rSan Pablo. Pork Coata, Martlaei
and Way Stations II:23a
t«»«3r VallM 7t3.->»
COAST IjINK (Narrow Un»x*).
(Tc«it of M»rh«t Stree*.)
•¦»•¦> a Newark.C.nteniile.Haii.loie.KrlCoii.
Boulder Criiek.HaiiiaOrtix and Way
SUtlon* «t»»»
fail itr Nawark. OenUtfllle. Hun .lose, New
Alnua.u, Feltou. Itnnltler Oreek, i
Santa Cru* aod l'rincipat War
8fatloi.» lffin«A
«i|l»r Newark. Hail .loie. T.o« Gato« f8:SOA
•••Sur Hunters' Train— San Jo»e aad Way
atattom H-'W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
mm Si J miCISCO-fMi *r lUrktt Strirt (SIi P ft—
t7:15 >:00 11:00a.m. 1:C3 3:J3 till*.*.
frtaOiUlll— fi«l tlJtMiw.T,— fii:08 Ja.M t3;0>
18:00 A.M. 12:03 8.03 4:08 r.M.
COAST LINE (llraaii B*n S »).
¦'.,. •'.'--. (Third and Townsend Sts.) -¦¦:''*. '.'¦
O« I »a San Jo»« and Way MUtlona.. ....... »t*»*
TiMA Hati Joie and Way 3tatl.ui*... t*f*k
/7i«»A N.w Alinaden _ / 4<1«9
••••ACoait Line Limited — Ssin Joaa.
Gllroy, Sallaaa, Ban Lnls OblipOL ¦¦
Santa Barbara. Loa Angelea and
principal Intermediate ¦tatiova.... ¦•*49V
¦•••a Man Joee. Tiea I'lnos. Haiata Orna,
PaeIKe Urove, Halina*. Ban Lnii
Oblspo and rrlndpal lutamedUW ,
RUkluiis ,. «i!0?
lOtHOASia JoaeaudWayatAUon*.. M . «:3«*
1 1 1 8l» a Sau Joia aud Way SUtlona S: I«a
t*i4Sp San Mateo. Itadwood, M.ol. Park.
Palo Alto. San ta Olara, gan .lnca.
Tres Pino*. Sauta Crux. Saliuaa.
Monterey ami Paolfle (Iron fI0>43A
•;»»r Saa Joaeand Way Statlaiia. Ii3«j>
. H»I3r SanJomaiirt I'rinoipai Way SUtlons 8«»»»
#«3»r Sunset Limited— MondAja, Wedaea-
days, Fridaja, for Los Angolet, El
Paso. New Orteaaa and New York.
Aiztres 8nadatys. Taesd»j» aad
Thursdays 1»i19a
!¦«••» Ban Joee. Lot Gatos aad Priaoipal
Way SUUons f9:0«A
StSOp San Joie aud Prlaalnal Way Station* «tSOy
•iX«r> San Jo«t and Way .Stations 7<S*»
Ttv«p New Orleaas Xxpreas — Saa Lois .
Oblspo, SanU Barbara, Lot Aa-
relea. D-mlnj. XI Paso, New Or-
leans and EU»» „ HtM*
<lll4»p San Joi. aud Way 9taHona 7>— 9
A for Moraine. P for A fkeraeoa.
t Bandar exoepted, t Swtday only.
__Jte>ttrta» only. / Iue»daj» and JWagL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 pw m. Thursdays — Extr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S :00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclsro.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40. i40.
5;05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 1901 1 Saa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wee It '
Days. I days. | Destination! days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
_ 9 . Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburff. 10:40am
Lytton,
. „ Geyservllle.
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pra
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30aml 10:40am 10:25am
<• «^. 8; 00an> Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm; 5:00pm 6:20pra
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am.
and
5:10pm 5:0Cpm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
Z : 30? m l 8:00am| ll0:40amll0:25am
g:30pm| 5:0Opm| Sebastopol. | 7:S5pm| 6:20pTn
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyservJUe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
ior the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
bprings. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell'*
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs'.
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport Usa;
Wlllits. Laytonvllle. Cummins. Bell's Springs'
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half ratea
Ticket 'office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H- C. WHITING. R. X . RYAN.
; Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgU
HIOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
„ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry T^niv*
San Fran. Foot of Market St. S~TK-t.
1:15 p. *" *• *"* »«¦ "*J- V55 »'
S£ r . Gibbon's Dispensary,
I JD |s «»ses. Lout Mannood. Debility or
|2^T"«?J»earlngon body and nilnrl and
3nt h« Dfc !*?»«»- The Doctor cures whea
Mothers fall.- Try him. Charges low.
Mr J k» SirS^Jl"" 1 *""* 11 **««*• Call or WJTll*
APVEBTISEMENTS.
Genuine CARTELS LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signffture of /^*^^S^!
Very sxeall mad as easy
f to take as sugar. /t ¦
SEE lrADTrtfQl F0RHEADACHL SEE
01111 CAKI tl\O FOR DIZZINESS. V
FOR BIUOUSHESS. rMMIMr
GENUINE HVFR for torpid liyer. GENUINE
H p| i LS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR JLlJjFl "R FALLOW SKIM. WRAPPER
WKA^^ilh[^^^S__|F0RTHEC0MPLEXJ0a " nni * *-"
25 W^lratayTegetal)le. / <^^gS^S
U^JUU^UM^^U
"IPK.I3STTEID PIT RED PAPER."
APVEBTISEMENTS,
& -
Skeens Painless Stricter* Cura eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
' Etart, Allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. "We
positively guarantst a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what xre say, and it costa nothing
to investigate. Our remedy U a direct local ap-
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely !
; harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
| any address, our interesting book, " An Honest
Talk,' 1 containing many testimonials, also, a
F © E? F «5 DAYS'
~ K&Ei TRIAL' TREATMENT.
D. A. SKEEM CO.122 Atlas Bank Bid*., Cincinnati,!!
GONORRHEA AND URINARY DI3CHARQIS
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
3 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
ISUSEOB OF ANATOMY?
\ ,Cf The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the
0 , arCTSNk ~^ atl ' L Weakn««e« or any contracte4 1
' «£;£»3 d>Je«e *»«lti».ljr e«r«4 by the olden
® lltS. 3F? i b P* allllst on the CoMt Eit. 3« years. Q
t fl§£* j| DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
\ f CK^3 Cenraltttion free ind itrictiT prirate. \
0 A J&OCH T ™»»»ent personally or by letter. Ai
f B If «» .Pm»«««CW« la every cM«ira<iemk«B. '
a r S II W w " te for Bsok - *¦"-«>»© rmr *r X
V " I IV KARIIIAGK, MAILED miE, ( A 9
A & Ur valuable ImoIc for mm) \
" DB.. JTOBD AN A CO.. lOSl Market St.. 8. P V
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
has b»»n* used for over SIXTT YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING, WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES th» CHILD, SOFTEN8
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is the best remedy for DIAB.
BHOEA. Bold by Druggists In every part of
the world. Be sure and ask for - -
MES. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle-
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS F03 MU.
. Established 18SL Coa-
asltation and prlvata b*o«
tttm at offlc* or by ouui.
Cure* sruarantMd.
731 MARKET ST.
BAN FRANCISCO. *V
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THJBB
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily,
Leave Market-stre et Ferry Depot.
| Local | Llm'dlOvrl'd Local
I Dally I Daily | Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 d
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7-18 d
*" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11©
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 t>
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalia... 3:39 p 5:00a
" Baker3fld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a ¦ "'
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:15p 0:0Op
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m dally
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in 8an Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francises; 1112 Broadway
Oakland. .... • ';¦ .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. -"-n"**
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, "9:30, 11:00 a. m.
1:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, »6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdavi
at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. > <-uraays
SUNDAY— »8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m 1-15
3:15. *4:45. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. ' * 10 '
Trains marked (*) run to San Qu«ntln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— '5:25, 6:27. 7:45, 8l35~ IO-?A
a. m.. '12:25. 2:15. J«3:35. 4:40. 5;3C I pV^m-
• EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wedneidaifm »tm
Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m. y8 mlaA
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 10:00, 11-45 « „,
1:40. »3:15, 4:45. »6:30 p. m. *" m "
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8^65 10-30
a. m., 12:35,. 2:45. 8:50. 5:10 p. m Ol3 °
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35- p *^« lne »oay»
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12-05. ->-i^
3:30, 5:00, 6:45 p. m. * "- 05 ' 2 - 15 -
THROUGH TRAINS.
sumns* m ' week and way
'•tatton!!'- 111 * Saturdaya ~ Dun can Mills and way
s ations** "^ Sundays ~ Duncai » Mills and way
bBS S day boats "* *•»» ™ ™ ;«
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!>' ! ¦ |
! What's in a Name i
ii ¦ ¦ '¦
! I . Like a racer in the chase, far to •
!!' the front, and forging ahead. Z
I Hunter I
'¦ . .- . . ¦ . i •
- is the leading whiskey S
!'¦' of America. J
!;¦ ¦.-•*. ¦:', ¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦; ." ' !
! ;? In a great run; the country over, *
! ! " . ; . . oii its • ¦ ' , •
! | Quality* Popularity, Reputation !|
!'. ¦¦<_. It comes up always on call. ' j
; CHEISTT « WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc.. ¦' ".' !i
i 223<t225Callfomla8t.,Sani'rancisco,Callf. M
i. Telephone Main 273. .• . i
NEW WESTERN; HOTEL,
KKARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
. modeled- and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. Eurooean plan. Rooms. 50c to $160 day:
$5 to $8 week; $3 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every, room; elevator runs all night, .
AJJ TEETISEMEirTS.
~ABOUT~C ATA RR fTieijRESr
The Reason Why Infcalers and Local
Applications Are Useless.
For many years catarrh was considered to
be a local disease and was treated entirely 'by '
local remedies, salves, ointments, powders,
sprays and Inhalers, and nearly all of these ¦
pave a temporary relief, but a genuine perma-
nent care was very rare.
¦
It Is true the most annoying symptoms, like
stoppage of the nose and throat trouble are
rurely local, but they are simply symptoms and
the real seat of disease Is far removed.
Catarrh is a constitutional disease, a blood
disorder, complicated usually with disease of
the liver, and to suppose that local applications
cf sprays, powders, inhalers, could ever reach
ihe real cause of the trouble Is ridiculous.
The sensible and successful treatment' Is to
remove the catarrhal poison from the system
by regulating the liver and purifying the blood
tnd this can only be done by an internal rem-
edy, which should consist of antiseptics and
remedies to act vigorously on the blood and
The best preparation of this kind which fills
all the requirements of a sale constitutional
treatment is Stuart's Catarrh Tablets com-
posed of Blood Hoot, Red Gum and slmHar
wholesome antiseptics, which are absolutely
cafe to take into the stomach and which act
upon the liver, stomach and mucous mem-
brane.
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets are large, pleasant
tasting lozenges, to be Flowly dissolved in the
mouth, thus reaching the mucous membrane
and wind-pipe and nnally reaching the stom-
ach
Dr. Edmondson, in speaking of the new
treatment for catarrh, says: "I have accom-
plished the most satisfactory results in all
forms of catarrh of the head, throat, bronchial
tubes, as well as catarrh of the stomach and
liver, by using nothing else but Stuart's Ca-
tarrh Tablets. I long since threw aside sprays
and inhalers as being inconvenient and at the
best mere temporary make-shifts.
"Stuart's Catarrh Tablets act immediately
¦upon the liver and blood and clear the wholo
eystem of catarrhal poison. They are pleasant
and very convenient to use. and they are not
only the latest, but I believe them to be the
best and certainly the safest treatment for any
form of catarrh."
All druggists sell Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
at 50 cts. for full Eized package.
A little book on cause and cure of Catarrh
i-iil<»d free by addressing the F. A. Stuart Co
y«rghall. Mich. *
I Bronchial Trochesl
Promptly Believe Coughs, Hoarseness, i
Throat and Lung Troubles. jj
Nothing excels thU simple remedy. |jEastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, March 14.— CATTLE — Receipts,
3000; strong and higher for steere, easier for
cows and heifers. Good to prime steers, $6 50
@7;- poor -to medium, $425®630; stockers and
feeders. $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 40@5 50; heifers,
$2 5C@5 75; canners, $1 25@2 30; bulls, $2 50®
4 75; - calves, $3@0 50; Texas ; fed steers, $4 75
©6. -.¦¦"--.--¦ ¦¦ : . -¦ ' ¦¦'• ¦¦'¦¦.. . • -
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 30.000; to-morrow,
44,000 estimated; left over, 5000 head; market
6@10c lower, closing weak. Mixed and butchers
$G@C45; good to choice heavy. $6 35@0 52y/;
rough heavy, $6 05(56 30; light, ?5 85@0 20 :
bulk of sales, $6@6 35. i >
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; elieep and lambs
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers
$4 75@5 25; fa.Ir to choice mixed, $3 75@4 40'-
Western sheep, : $4 78@5 65; native lambs. S4(E9
6 65; Western lambs, $5 25® 6 65. -
ST. JOSEPH,
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. March • 14.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 400: steady. '¦ Natives, $5@6 75; cows
and heifers, $1 50<?5 75; veals, $3@(J; stockera
and feeders. $4 25@5 25. . .,,
--. HOGS— Receipts, 7500; market 5@>10c lower'
Light and light mixed, $5 75@6 40: medium
and heavy, $6 25®6 DO; pigs, $3 50@4 85.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1800; Etrong. Western
lambs, $5 50@6 40; Western sheep, $4@5 75.
. New York Metal Market.
- r ¦ '' '.-—'¦',. ' i
NEW YORK, March 14.— Offerings of tiu
NEW YORK, March 14,— Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:
The week ends more favorably than It be
gan. This is particularly 'true of weather con
ditions and of affairs Industrial, which have
Improved greatly in various sections of the
country. Plenty of rains in the entire winter
wheat belt, and more especially in the drouth
afflicted Southwest, have given a needed im
petus to that crop, which has been likewise
favored by the succeeding mild weather. The
apparent advent of the spring season and it*
promise of earllness has been an important
stimulant to most linen of trade and ¦ industry,
which were thus enabled to throw off the fet
ters placed upon them by storms and the en
tailed interruptions to transportation.
There is less excitement but more strength
in iron and Bteel.
Wheat was buoyed up by the report of the
emnlleet reserves In i armern' hands - by ' the
Government, Bradstreet's calculations, based
on the above, pointing to a very small in
crease in the visible supplies In view of the
record-breaking crops in this country and the
world at large. This steadied prices for 'a
time, but they weakened later on the report
of the breaking of the drouth in the South
west and of supplies of moisture to winter
wheat in other sections.
The roost active export demand for some
weeks 1 pact developed at the decline and ex
cited some influence for later firmness.
Wheat, including: flour, exports for the week
aggregate 2.CO0.2C0 bushels, against 4,006,044
last week and 4,090,939 In this week last year.'
Wheat exports July 1, 1901, to date, 37
weeks, aggregate 187,168,621 bushels, against
142,172.145 last season. "'< i *^**b"aol^e
Business failures ¦ in " the United States for
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
DRESSED MEATS
San Francisco Meat Market.
Supplies continue moderate and the market
rules firm. Grain Hogs are getting scarce, but
dairy Hogs are beginning to coma in, which
balances the scarcity. * Prices are unchanged.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
Total • $43,706,200 37.8 '
¦ »Not included in totals because containing
other - Items than clearings. -
jNot included in totals because . of no com
parison for last year.
Blackeye Beans continue to advance. They
are in demand for shipment, and two or three
dealers hold all the stock. The other descrip
tions are as previously quoted.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 4C@2 60; Small White.
$2 75@3; Large White, $2 40@2 75; Pea, $3 50
<tC4- Plr.k, $2©2 20; Red, $2 25@2 50; Black
eye, $4@4 15; LI mas, $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys,
$3 50<S4 per ctl.
S13KDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 C5@2 75; Ttl
low Mustard. $3 25© 3 50; , Flax, $2 23@2 50;
Canary. 3Vjc for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
l0V4@llc;, California, 10@10%c; Rape, l^tP
2Vic; Hemp,- 3V4c per lb.'
¦ DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY — Wheat, $10®12 50; Wheat and Oat. $3
@12;.Oat, $S@U; Alfalfa, $8@11 i Clover, $7@
»• Volunteer, $6 50@9; Stock, $6@8 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10@65c per bale.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IMiC under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, S^S^jc;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8c for light:
Stags, cy.c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted Veal, 0c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 14c;
Dry XI p, 13c; Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brands,
15c; Shuefsklns, shearlings, 15@o0c each; Bhore
Wool, ."O@eOc each; medium, C0@75c; long
"Wool. SOc©$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
©3 for large and $2 25@2 50"-for medium, $1 75
U- for small and. 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry. SI 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1
@1 25 for Email and 50c for Colts.' Deerskins
— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c. .
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 6%®6o per lb;
No. 2. 4V&-C5c; grease, 3@3^c. ,'¦ .-,
"WOOL, — Nominal.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%©14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17 fcr shipment.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March 14.— There were lome
remarkable movements to-day amonsr the ob
t'.-jre Kjedaltles. but the Important represen
tative stocks were neglected and practically
Immovable. Some Important developments In
the money situation helped the stock market
to bear wits eg.uaalmity the forecast of a
movement of currency for the week which on
Jie ta.ee promise* to wipe out entirely tlie
clender cursilu* reserves cf the banks. The
rise ia the cell loan rat* above 4 per cent, the
bigheft of the year, 'indicated the pressure
upon th* money eupply. Announcement during
the mornJnfc of an additional deposit of half a
million dollars at tie Sub-Treaeury for trans
fer to San Francisco emphasized the influence
of the earlier drains reported. Altogether the
banks were shown to be loginjj to the extent pC
Upward of $<j,000,000 eince the last bank
statement, Including to-day* * transfer to £an
Francisco. Last week'* statement. It will be
remwr.bere<L ehowed surplus reserves of only
$3,1*58,425. During the day there came very
b'avy oCerirt* of Government bonds at the
Sub-Treasury for redemption. This wa« the
[direct r«?ult of the withdrawal of the Govern
t": ent's offer to redeem bonds after to-morrow.
Ihe tctai redemption to-day ran up to $2,479.
v»4, «ud es the payments are In caeu, they
K-fU chow for one day's average In to-morrow's
batik statement. Consideration wa« alfco
piven to the fact that a Standard Oil divi
-fiend of t/m r»er 6hare is payable to-morrow.
fn\-olvtRK the disbursement cf *20,O00,O<(0,
which can hardly be without effect on the
xnon^y market. T£e Increased pressure for
moiwy to-day also led to renewed borrowings
la fore'grn markets under which tfee exchann'?
rate yielded a fraction. Light was thrown on
the s-rnevalllnz scarcity of | commercial bills
la th* excharie* market by to-day'*
etat^iriect of the Fr-liruary exoort* of
agricultural pr-xjucts, which shown a <3e
crfaf* comrar«3 with la*t February of $10,-
M7,'.KjS. noiwittjEUndinK an increase In value
cf ootton fxportii of $2,.'iT»4.219. The state
ment of train exports for the v»et wpek shows
a cor.tinv.ation of thejw condltione. tlje outgo
of wheat falling to below 3.000.000 bu«heln.
'and th« corn e>;r>orts eho-winc only nominal
figures, eorr.ps.red with the correspond ing weeK
ot Ia>t y<>ar. It*-J>aym«?nt of foreSg-n ol>llea
tforp by gold exrwrts 1* only to be avoided,
then-for*. bj falling back on foreign credits. 1
Of ether <3<»velonmente tne uettlcment of the
Boston strike wa»! favorably (rit^mreterf, al- I
th'-UKii eome uneaeir.^i* «till prevails concern- |
lne thn eett!*m»nt of th* yearly-. terr3« with j
the anthracite miners. The Increase In the J
•Southern Railway preferred dividenu ha<l t»een'
«>xi»«^;ted wjttj preat conSdence but the etocks
cf that f-omrjany advanced on th* announc*
tnont, which also served to check a" selling
mnvtment In the general Uet. Th«"re were
•cms very sharp relap*«^ among minor • «?tock»,
¦which have been recently advanced on rumcre
cf cocsolidationc and ahsirpttona, but there
v.-ere other Mronjr r^'intf mi Klmtlar rumor*.
Tbe violent advance In the WertinRrhoune Elec
tric rtrck* en light trading had nothlnn in th-
*ay of nfwi to account for it. The Gould
rrcut> cf rtocks, led by Manhattan, were in
t notable «1eman3 at *trilcin» fra'.rs.
Th? W'nbasb debenture Es were active'and
tror.g. Otherwise the bond market wa« ir
r<>ri:lar. Totil cal«s. par value. $3,{*05,0OO.
T.'t.lted SuitM new four* declined »<,. the old
Toi. : -b i| an d the fives *A oer cent on the Ja»t
EASTERN MARKETS.
Batter Is rather cheaper. trh'.Ia Eggs are
rather dearer.
Meats stand about as before, with the ex
ception of Mutton and Lamb, which are dearer,
owing to scarcity. Poultry and Gams are un
changed and variations in Fish are few.
The Spring: Vegetables are still dear, aa sup
plies are still more or less lisUt. There Is not
much new In Fruits. " -.'i - '.''¦ *-2",
Cannel I ©13 00 Southfleld
Wellington -@11 00 Wellington $— ©11 CO
Seattle .... & 8 60 Coos Bay ...I—© 7 00
Roslyn © » 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC — .
Butter, choice, sq50<S<50 \ Common Ess»...15©—
Do, good 45@50l Ranch Eggs, per
Common 40@45 dozen ....... 17%@20
Cheese Cal 15@ — Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. 17 '#20 pound 15©20
Cheese. Swiss ...20330 Do, extracted.. 6010
MEATS, per lb—
Bacon 14S1S Pork 8ausages.l2%©15
Hams ..." 13©17 Smoked Beef ....17020
Lard 15©—
Th9 San Francisco Butchers' ProtectlTe As
¦odatkm announces the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef 10©lSiRoaat Mutton.. 1214515
Tenderl'n St'k.l5©17}i I Mutton* Chops. .12%@15
Porterh'se do.,17%@20 Mutton Stew 8@10
Round Steak.. 10® 12 >i Koast Veal ICXcClJ
Beef Stew S®1O Veal CutleU 15@TS
Corned Beef 8@10 Roast Pork ...12%©13
Roast Lamb loglS'Pork Chops -^*15
Lamb Chops 15@20i
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50-g'JO Pigeons, pair ...40@50
Young Roosters. Squabs, per pair.30©K5
each ....": — 75c©51 Rabbits, each ,.15<g2o
Old Roosters, ea. 50^73 Hare, each — ©20
Frwrs, each ,...50@75 English Snipe,
Broilers, each...40fgie5! per dozen .. — ©ft 00
Turkeys, per lb..l8®22!Jaclc Snipe..."— ©|2 50
Ducks, each 65@$1 Wild Geese per
Geese, each $1 6002 pair 75c@*l 00
Goslinga . ...— SJ2 M Brant, each .... 25*333
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Peara. | Grape Frutt per
¦ each '...25«30 dozea 50(g73
Almonds 15@20 Limes, dozen ...10^13
Apples <*© 5 Lemons, dozen ..20-930
Pecans — ©20 Oranges, dozen.. 2O.@OO
Brazil Nuts 20@ — Pineapples. each.30©50
Bananas, doa ..-.15@25 Raisins, per lb.. 6@15
Cocoanuts. each. — ©10 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2iiffl5
Dried Flcs. pr H>— ©10
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus . ...12^;5W Mushrooms. lb...23fW0
i ArtichoHes. dz—COcitf?! Okra. dried, lb..— ©rj
Beets, dozen 10© — Potatoes, pr lb..2;3^iA
Beans, white. lb. d» — Parsnips, per da.10©*—
Colored, per lb. 5® — Radishes, dozea
•Dried Lima, lb.. 6© 8 bunches 13<g20
Cabbage, each... 53 — ;RhubarT> l&aiC l i
Celery head .... 5JJ — i Sweet Potatoes.
Cress, dz bnch*..20®S0 ; per lb 2ft@ 4
Cucumbers. dat.$l 5O4J2 Sage, doz bnch3.25©30
Egg Plant, lb....S0®40|Strjns Beans, per
Garlic *» «! Pound lSSCO
Green Peppers. Ib.l5@25 Summer Squash,
Green Peas. lb.l0fiil2^i per pound. . ..10® 12 U
Lettace, per doz.l5<(i2o Sprouts, per lb. . 5<0 tf
Leeks dz tochs. .15.??20 Spinach, per lb.4 5®
Onions, per lb.SW.©i^|Thyme. da bchs.25#C0
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz.100-.
bunches 15©^5i tomatoes, pr Ih.l0®12ii
FISH— . .
Carp — 012!- Sea Pass :—©—
Catfish ....... 10(??— Smelts ... —©13
CodSsh 20SC? — Soles 12U-313
Flounders • ...12V4® — Skates, each ... *»u
Halibut — @ 13 Squid — @—
Herring .: 8@— Tomcod 10^12-'.
Mackerel — @— Tnrbot 20©30
Do, hoipe ..... — @ — Trout ...... .. — & —
Perch ..— ©— Brook Trout — ®—
Pcmplno ..—75c®$l 00 Whiteflsh ..: ...10© —
Rockcod — @20 Clams, gallon ...SO©—
RockfislT ... . — 020 ¦ Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh.... 1S@2O per pound .... sjjio
Do, smoked . . .15<?f-Jj Cra"5rflah .— ©12'->
Sardines — ® — Crabs, each — ©25
Shrimps ... ....10Q — Mussels, quart ..— @ —
Shad 15©— Oysters. Cal. lfc0.40€5:>
Striped Bass 15320 Do, Eastern.di.2&3U
Continued cm Page Thirteen.
' Another decline in Bran is noted. Middlings
and Rolled Barley continue unchanged. Hay
is weak -end arrivals are running larger than
of late; but there is no positive decline.
BRAN — ?15<gl5 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $li)@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28: Jobbing,
$28 50®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal,
(31@32;-. Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 50; ¦ Mixed
Feed. $1C®17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual . discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groata, $5; Hominy.
$4®4 25; -Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 23; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $O.S5@8 35;
In sacks, $6 50@S: Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $G 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50JJ
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50;
Oregon, ¦ $2 75©3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers, $3©
3 50.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening « 1% « % . « U
Closing. .....6 1% . 6 ?i « \i
PARIS.
Wheat— . . March. May- Aug.
Opening 2135 22 10
Closing .;...: .....2135 22 15
Opening"".. 26 20 27 30
Closing. 20 25 27 35
Articles — . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 51,000 20,000
Corn, bushels 88,000 28,000
Oats, bushels ........ .117,000 153.000
Rye, bushels 1.000 6,000
Barley, bushels ... 12.000 18.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market. was firm: creameries, 18@25%c; dai
ries,' . 18g23c. Cheese, steady, 10%@12lie.
Eggs, easier; fresh. 14@14%c.
Cash quotations were " as follows : Flour,'
steady, very dull; No. 3 spring wheat, ~\<i6
75%c; No. 2 red, S2@S3%c; No. 2 oats. 45%#
46c; No. 2 white, 47%c; No. 3 white, 46@46')4c;
No. 2 rye, 58c; fair to choice malting barley,
61@65%c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 08; No. 1 North
western, $1 72; prime timothy seed, $6 400
6 50; mess pork, per bbl. $15 30@15 35; lard,
per 100 lbs, S« 32%@9 35; short ribs sides
(loose), ?8 30@8 45; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), -7%c: short clear. sides (boxed), $8 65
®S 7Oc; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract trade, 58 76.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 75% 75% 74% 74%
July 70»£ 76% 75% 75«
September .. 75% 75% 75 75 J4
Corn, No. 2 —
May 62% 62% 61% C2%
July 01% : «2% 61% Gift
September .. CO 6OV4 69% 60
Oats, No. 2—
May 45% 46 45»4 45%
July .... 35% 36Vi 35% 35%
September .. 3OV4 30% 30% 30Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 40 15 45 15 40 15 45
July 15 62% 15 57% 15 62% 15 57%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 9 40 9 42% 9 40 9 40
July 9 50 9 52% 9 50 9 52%
September .. 9 62% 9 62% 9 62% 9 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May .... 8 40 8 42% 8 40 8 40
July :....... 8 47% 8 65 8 47% 8 52%
September .. 8 C2% 8 65 8 62% 8 05
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over California
and Nevada. The disturbance over Utah, Ne
vada tr.d Northern Arizona ia moving rapidly
«sj?tTrar(l. The northern disturbance still pre
vails from the Washington coast to the Bitter
P.oot Mountains and Enow with hiijh southerly
vlnds is reported generally over the northern
fcalf of the Pacific Elope. Squally weather is
reported along the Oregon coast.
The urr.jrfro.ture Is a.bou 9 degrees below the
normal In the great valleys.
Conditions ere favcrcble for heavy frosts Eat
crday morning generally throughout California.
Forecast made et Kan Francisco for thirty
boors ending midnight, March 15, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, with ehourera In northern
portion; heavy frosts in tho morning; brisk
eoutheriy wir.Cs in northern portion; light
northerly winds In southern portion.
Southern California — Fair Saturday; heavy
frosts in the norsiss; light northerly winds.
Nevada — c\ our: y t-aturfiay; continued cold;
fresh westerly xrinds.
£aa Francisco wid vicinity — Cloudy Saturday;
light northerly wind* changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH 14.
Flour, qr sks.. ll,833|Hay. tons 824
Wheat, ctls.... 2.890}Straw, tons 5
Barley 16,070 Wine, gals 03,300
Oats, ctls 400 Hides, No 329
Corn, etls »125|Pelts. bdls... : . 550
Beans, sks 441 Chicory bbls . . . 10
Mustard, sks .. 20 Qulcksll, flslcs. . 4.1
Onions, sks 787 ! Tallow, ctls .... B02
Wool, sks 9 'Sugar, ctls 2.SHJ
Bran, sks 314 Leather, rolls.. 122
Middlings, sks. 245!Ume. bbls .... 1SJ
Potatoes, sks... 4131
Chicago was dull with liberal receipts. The
shorts were trying to effect a raid, but the
brokers took their offerings, ' presumably , for
the packers, and the market held up better
than expected.
This market continues fiat at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per 1* for
heavy, 12%c for lieht medium, 13%c for light.
14 %c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
East^n sugar-cured Hams, 12%@13c; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 50@10
per barrel; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family,
*11 nO(gl2; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear.
522 50023: Mess. $18 50019: Smoked Beef.
13%@l4c per lb.
LARD — Tierces I quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10%#llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. 1114c; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%o;
3-lb tins. ll?ic. . . .
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tlreces,
U'/jc; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing new to report In these
goods. Prices are firm, and Apples and Apri
cots continue to show an ¦ advancing tendency
while Pears are reported scarce. |
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10%c for Royals and
10313c for standard to fancy Moorparka;
Evat>orated Apples, StSOc; sun dried, 5c-
Peaches. 6Vi@8',4c; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted
ISL^'^c: unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 6%@6c
for red and 5%Qfc for white; Figs, 3c for
black and 5®5?ic for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows -
SO-40's, «@6%c; 40-50"s, 4%@5Vic; 50-60's, 414
faTl%c; 60-70-s, 3%@4%c; 70-80's. 3^@3%c; b£
W?sT 2«@3>4c: 90-100-s. 2%®2?ic Sei lb.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6W
«7 : 3ic; Loose Muscatels, tiftc for 4-crown and
Me for seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5&c-
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and its
SVjC for bleached. Cluster!! — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 f-0; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
11 2501 35.
NUTS — Chestnuts. ll®12c: Walnuts. No. I
softshell. 9%c; No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell.
\)c- No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 10%®12c for paper
shell, 9010c for softshell and 607c for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5©7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts,
12©12>ic; Filbert*, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. ?3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll%@13c for bright and 10©
12c for llsht amber; water white extracted, 5^
tc: llt'ht amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%©29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
— s.
CHICAGO, March 14. — Corn strength domi
nated grains for the greater part cf the session
to-day. Local bulls took corn in hand shortly
after the opening and easily forced prices up
the better part of a cent. Many bears went
home last night with short lines,' expecting a
further'decline to-day on yesterday's weakness.
Cables, however, were remarkably steady, there
was fear of a general spread of the cold wave
in the Northwest and a leading bull started in
early to bail out the offerings in the pit. Feed
ing demand west was good and the West had
nothing to sell. Kansas City was reported bid
ding lc over Chicago in Iowa yesterday. Re
ceipts here were very light and the cash'situa
tion was much improved. The break in wheat
had. nothing but a temporary easing effect.
May closed firm, %@%c higher, at ti2Vi@<>2%c.
Wheat at one time during the session . felt
enough of the corn strength and the below aero
weather in the Northwest to acquire a firm
tone and sell above yesterday's closing price.
After the slump of yesterday the cables had a
very steady tone. Commission houses were ex
ecuting fair . buying orders early, shorts be
came uneasy and covered. The market was
fairly active and showed a fair amount of
strength up to noon. The coarse grains aided
materially in the situation, but later, when sta
tistical journals announced the Western condi
tion favorable In the -extreme, heavy selling set
in. St. Louie and the crowd were very bearish,
and prices suffered a Eerlous relapse. May',
which opened a shade to %@Y*c up at 75%c to
75%c and sold up to 75%c, dropped quickly to
a- weak close, %@%c lower, at 74 %c.
Oats were dull and ruled fairly steady. May
closed %c lower at 45%c.
Provisions were early weak In sympathy -with
a lower hog market. The late trade was dull.
May pork closed 5c higher, - lard a shade lower
and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
a S S 2 « 5
¦ a sa 33 »a ¦ g* • •£¦
STATIONS. 2. "=£5= & " C° «
5 =£5 S 3 : o 4 =
* 1 t • r
kPtoria 29. R2 44 30 NW Pt Cldy .26
baker 29.70 34 22 SW Snow .04
:arson 2S.98 30 22 W Pt Cldy T.
Careka 30.22 50 :JS N Cloudy .22
Fresno 20.10 CO 40 NW Clear T.
Hagstaff 29. C4 36 2S W Clear .06
Po«uello, lda.29.76 32 24 W Clear .06
Ln<lc-peiid«ice..29.S2 CO SO >T Clear .00
Ujg Anseles...29.«ti 02 44 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.82 <W 52 TT Clear .00 |
Portland 29.02 40 22 SW Rain .28'
F'.od Bluff 30.10 M 34 FE Pt Cldy .00
Rf-seburg SO. OS 42 24 SW Cloudy .44 1
far.ramer.to ..30.12 SO 42 S Pt Cidy T.
? alt Lake 24 .. ..
•an Frar.cisco.30. IS C2 44 W Clear .00
5. L. Obispo..«0,10 00 42 W Clear .00
Pan Diego 3*.O2 58 54 SW Clear T.
Ecattle 29.78 42 '.'A N Enow .18
RpcfrllK 29. C2 28 28- 8 gnow .04
Ncah Bay 29.74 40 22 W Pt Cldy .31
Walla WaUa..29.C6 44 :s2 BW Cloudy .02
\Vlr.nemucca..23.6i 84 22 SW CLcudy .00
Yuma 23.S4 70 40 NW Clear .00
Temperature — 1 a. m., 44 degrees.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — December — 12,000
ctls, 70-Xc; 61KK), 79%c.
Regular Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — There Is nothing sew to report in
this market. Firmness still prevails. Grays,
$1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Surprise, ?1 40
01 45; black. $1 12%@1 22% for feed and
$1 22%<&1 32% for. seed; red, $1 30@l 42%
per ctl.
CORN — Conditions have not changed for
Eome little time, either here or In the Kast.
The market is dull, as the high prices check
the demand.
Large Yellow, $1 3o@l 50; small round do,
$1 ;!5@1 50; white, ?1 35ifll 40 per ctl.
RYE: — Firmly held at 95CQ51 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 Co per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls,
$1' 12%; December — 2000,. $1 09.
Regular Afternoon Session — May — 14,000 ctls,
?1 12. . f
BARLEY — The market Is steady- an.l un
changed, with no new features.
Feed, 93%@05c for No. 1 and 90®92%c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, OG'/ic
®?1; Chevalier, 05c@l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were weak,
with lower futures atNParis. The Argentine
shipments fcr the week were 644,000 bushels,
against 1,248,000 for the same week last year.
Tho American exports this week were 2,900,000
bushels, including flour.
Chicago opened firmer on the light Argen
tine shipments and below zero weather fa the
British Northwest, and all markets werefa'crk
ing around stronger on a predicted coldJwave.
Yhcre "vere renewed complaints of danuig£ in
Kansas, where the rains have been only par
tial and insufficient and where there is in
addition talk of the Hessian fly. The crop
report of the Modern Miller was also another
bearish factor. Kansas has had no rain in
those sections where CO • per cent of the crop
is raised.
This market was dull and weak, but not ma
terially changed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 11%; milling,
?1 12%@1 15 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, March 14.— The following
table, compiled by Bradstreet, shows tho bank
clearings at the principal cities for the week
ended March 13 with the percentage of In
crease and decrease, as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York $1,325,264,825 7.0
Chicago 168,707,370 27.6 ....
Boston 136.371.517 ¦ 2.4
Philadelphia ..... 107,873,500 26.5
St. Louis ."". 50.680.699 25.9
Plttsburg 39,375,077 9.0 . ...,
Baltimore 22,947.009 6.0 • ....'
San Francisco.... 24.S43.623 12.7 ....
Cincinnati 20,31)3..'>00 17.7 ....
Kansas City l'J.244,244 24.2 ....
Cleveland 14,710,176 18. (i ....
Minneapolis 12,403,531 31. 8 ....
New Orleans 13,097.983 7.7 ....
Detroit 9.823.305 8.1 ....
Louisville 9,575,128 8.5 ....
Indlanapoli3 9,255,121 47.0 ....
Providence 0,944.400 11.4 ....
Omaha 7.3i«.W)7 8,5 ....
MUwaukee 7,O<»3,171 23.7 ....
Buffalo 5.0l5,50»
St. Paul.. A 5,446,216 i'S.9 ....
St. Joseph f,.013,4»4 50.9
Denver 4,639.567 7,6 ....
Richmond - 4.324,f>95 9.8 ....
Savannah 2,777,t}07 10.2 ....
Salt Lake City... 4,130,039 49.0 ....
Albany - 3,497.635 31.0 ....
Los Angeles 5,305.037 65.2 ....
Memphis 3,748,415 22.3
Fort Worth 2,172,413 23.0
Seattle 3,384,094 29.1 ....
Washington 4,331, 703 30.1 ....
Hartford 2.943. 6-10 29. S
Peoria 1.742.40S 55. 3 ....
Toledo 3.726.583 77.0 ....
Portland. Ore 2,917,923 37.1 ....
Rochester 2,063,043 SI. 1 ....
Atlanta 2,4(58,291 10.3
Des Moines.: 2.576.703 28.4 ....
New Haven 1,580,527 15.3 ....
Worcester 1,577,000 18.3 ....
Nashville 1,731,663 13. S ....
Springfield, Mass. 1,503,181 34.2 ....
Norfolk 1,406,936
Grand Rapids 1,424,522 8.7 ....
Scranton l,408,3C0 20.3 ....
Portland. Me 1,294,448 18.0 \..l.
Sioux City l,w«,or,2 44.3 ....
Augusta * 1,222,078 42.8
Syracuse 1.148,093 11.1 ....
Dayton, 0 1,436,810 34.0 ....
Tacoma 1,367,223 11.9
Spokane 1.305.352 61.8
Topeka 1,407,773 28.5
Davenport 1,059.340 8.4
Wilmington, Del. 803,415 1.8
Evansville 779,073 13.1
Birmingham 1,024,720 13.6
Fall River 1.O02.O96 63.8
Macon 725,000 11.3 ....
Little Rock 920,991 33.4 ....
Helena 545,044 15.8
Knoxville 705,384 3.8
Lowell 536,207 5.7 ....
Akron 590,000 22.0 ....
Wichita ' 595,888 6.2
Springfield, 111...,' C94.003 13.2 ....
Lexington 620,576 24.7 ....
New Bedford 534,612 45.1 ....
Chattanooga 520,820 20.8 ....
Youngetown 539,073 28.9 ...;
Kalamazoo ....... 474,602 16.0 ....
Fargo 549.163
Blnghamton ...... 372.500 9.4 ....
Rockford , 53S.674 4«.9 ....
Canton 7 395.000 32.5 ....
Jacksonville, Fla. ' 413.933 22.1
Springfield, Ohio. 379.909 14.8 ....
Chester ; 347,947 24.8
Qulncy 430,409
Bloomington 460,230 18.7 ....
Sioux Falls 275,026 25.5 ....
Jacksonville, III.. 205.197 62.6 ....
Fremont 189,062 28.0 ....
•Houston 12.340,648 49.2 ....
•Columbus, O.... 6,644,900 33.0 ....
657,449 12,5 ....
fWilkesbarre 714.949
jiBeaumont 402,839
Decatur 236,544
Totals, U. S $2,121,197,014 .... o.ff
Outside N. Y. . 795,932,189 16.5
CANADA.
Montreal .....:. $20,000,879 51.3 ....
Toronto .15,627,303 28.0' ....
Winnipeg 2,909,234 80.0 ....
Halifax 1.602,830 10.8 ....
Vancouver. B. C 804.315 6.9 ....
Hamilton 779.131 1.1 ....
St. John, N. B 064,054 11.9
Victoria, a C 418,480 15.5
¦{Quebec 1,014,400 .."
Ottawa 1,786,819
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight — k 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 80%
New York Exchange, sight — 05 .
New York?" Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Silver, per ounce — 64
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C2: minimum, 44; mean, 4S.
The folloinwg maximum and minimum tem
reratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston C4-24 Kansas City CO-iG
Cincinnati 52-33 Omslia 70-4S
Philadelphia O4-3S Chicago 44-30
Waefc ington OS-36 Duluth 00-44
Jacksonville SO-SS.Ft. Louis 44-30
New York «J4-34iSalt Lake City... 50-30
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50-S2
for standard, $2@2 50 for choice and $2 60<82 75
for fancy; Extra Fancy, $3; Seedlings, $150®
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
$l-50@2 in halt boxes; Malta Bloods, $2®
2 25 in half boxes; j Lemons, 75c@$l for
common and $1 20@l 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 50 for facny; Grape Fruit, $2@3; Mexi
can Limes, $6@7; Bananas, $2@2 75 per bunch
for New Orleans and ?1 25@1 75 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $o@4 per dozen. -
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for ordi
nary.
At the Orange auction four cars were of
fered s and readily disposed of at the follow
ing p'rices: Fancy Navels, $2@2 C5; choice
do, ?1 S3@2 20; standard do, ?1 25@1 85; stan
dard Seedlings. $1 20@l 40. Fancy Graps Fruit
was sold from $1 85 to $2 25 per box. In the
open market the feeling was weak, owing to
the large offerings at the .auction, but prices
were unchanged. A small lot of Malta Blood
Oranges came -In from Southern California per
steamer and were held at the quotation.
Lemons continue to mov* well under a steady
demand for all irrade3.
There is nothing new to report in Apples or
Bananas.
Deciduous and Citnis Fruits.
Last 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0.12 ::i.C2 40.13
Red Bluff 0.00 S7.78 22.17
Eacramento Trace 16.15 17.18
San Francisco ,.. 0.C0 16.52 18.79
Fresno Trace 5.83 10.2S
Independence 0.00 4.04 5.SI
Ban Luis Obispo 0.00 19.85 27.C2
Los Angeles 0.00 0.37 14.10
6an Diego Trace C.4<j 8.«0
WASHINGTON, March 14.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $174,700,402; gold, $94,-
SC5.000.
Condition of the Treasury.
The .following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared tvith those of the same date
last season, end rainfall in the last twenty
lour hours:
EAJC FRANCISCO. March 14. 1902—0 p. m
. ..
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
LIVERPOOL, March 14. — Wheat, quiet; No.
1 Standard California, Gs 3%d@Gs 4d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris,' quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, fine; cotton, uplands, 4 13-16d.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 14.— Consols, 94%@94%;
silver, 24%d; French rentes lOlf 25c; wheat
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;. English
country markets, firmer; hops. Pacific Coast,
steady, £3 10s@£4 10s.
NEW YORK. March 14.— Money, on call,
firm, at 3%@4% per cent; closing bid .and
asked, 3%@4 per cent, j Prime mercantile pa
per, 4%@5 per cent. Sterling, exchange was
easy, with actual business in bankers' bills at
$4 87% for demand and at $4 84%©4 85 for six
ty days. Posted rates, $4 86 and (4 88%.
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver,
54c. Mexican dollars, 43%c. Government
bonds, weak; State bonds,' inactive; railroad
bends, irregular.
New York Money Market.
A fair business was noted in evaporated
apples, with the interest counned to the lower
grades. The market is steady in tone and
prices are unchanged. State, common to good,
76$%C. prime, 9@9V4c; choice, 9%@10c; fancy,
10%@llc. In California dried fruits firmness
prevails in most descriptions. Prunes are
strong, with an active jobbing demand. Full
prices are asked for larger sizes. Apricots
and peaches move fairly well and firm. Prunes
— 3>4@7c. Apricots-'-Royal, 10®14c; Moor
park, ll#12%c. Peaches— Peeled, U@lSc; un
peeled. 8®10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5%c;' mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. - Futures
closed steady, 5 points higher; total sales, 17,
000 bags, including March, $5 10; June, $5 40;
July, $5 50; September. $5 70; December, $5 90.
WOOL— Steady. , . . • .'
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 2 29-32e;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 13-32c; molasses sugar,
2 3-32c. Refined, quiet.
NEW YORK, March 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
13,245 barrels; exports. 6995 barrels; fairly
active and steady, closing a shade easier" with
wheat .-''-.>
WHEAT — Receipts, 16,150 bushels; spot,
easy No 2 red, 84%c f. o. b.- afloat;- No. 2
red, *85%c elevator; No. 1 - Northern Duluth;
83%c f o b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, . 87c
f. o b.' afloat. For a time after the opening
wheat reflected cold weather talk in the North
west but as the advancing premiums checked
exporters and late reports scouted the cold
wave idea liquidation developed. This carried
prices in the afternoon to a low point aiid
the close was weak at %@%c ngt ..decline.
March, S0y.@Sl%c, closed at SO%c; May, 80%
@S1 11-iec" closed at 80%c; July, 81%@£2%c.
closed at 81&c; September, 80%@81%c, closed
at 80%c.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
Exports cf Canned Goods from this port dur
lr.g the first two months of the year were
£3,642 cases, against 102.232 during the eame
time in VML. The Philippine Islands head the
list of over-sea ports with 9127 cases, mofctly
for the army, presumably, though New York
took 13.1U8 cases.
Exports of Canned Goods.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. . X
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison ,.... 3,500 75% 75 75y 4
Atchison pfd ...-;-.. l.OUO M<& jujiz yo^
Baltimore & Ohio.. 700 105 104% 104%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 400 84% »4% 1)4
Canadian Pacific... G.900 114VJ 113& 113%
Canada Southern
Chesapeake & Ohio 400 45% 45% 45*,
Chi & Alton 600 30 35% 35%
Chi & Alton pfd 75
£ul i n 1 £ Louis. . . 500 6:i% C2% 62Vi
Ch Ind & Louis pf 300 78% 78% 76^
Ch> & Eastern III. 1W) 161 161 ICOVj
Chi & Gt Western. 1,300 24V, 24 24%
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 200 88 fc8 87
Chi & Gt \V B prd. 100 4314 45% 45
Chi & Northwest.. 1,800 230 22S 229
Chi R I & Pac 1.200 1C914 1«>% 1W»V4
Chi Term & Tran. 1)00 IS',* 18\4 18V*
Chi Term & Tr pfd 1,900 35 3l2 34
C C C & St Louis. 100 100% 100Ti 100i/ 2
Colorado Southern. 14.000 2SU 27U 27%
Colo South 1st pfd. 2.400 73 70% TliZ
Colo South 2d pfd. 8,400 45% 43% 4:,%
Del & Hudson 100 170«4 170'i 170V-
Del Lack & West .. 2S0
P« n & R G 490 43% 43 43
Den & R G pfd 91
Erie c,000 30% 36 37%
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 »;7^ 07»» 68^,
Erie 2d pfd.....'... 700 B4 53% 63?
Gt Northern pfd.. :;00 18<J*4 180% 185 Vj
Hockicg Valley ... 1,500 71 Vt 70% 70«i
Hocking Val pfd.. l.Oiio 8«*5i 80 S«
Illinois Central ... 100 140 140 130%
Iowa Central .. 2-jO 40% 49 4S%
Iowa Central pfd.. 80%
Lake Erie & West C7
L E & West pfd.. 100 133 133 129
Louis & Nashville. 3,MW 104% lui<& 10414
Manhattan Elevat. 55,200 131% 332 134
Met St Kailway... 2.40U 16S% lG7=i 1CS
Mexican Central... 3,200 COVi SO 30
Mexican -National.. - 4.100 20i' s 11F4
Minn &.6t Louis.. 400 lin?i n0W>110b
Missouri Pacific. .. 12,400 .9t>% HHV. ¦ 0'.)
Mo Kansas & Tex. S00 24% 24% 24 !i
Mo Kan & Tex pf ....- .... r>:{s.
New Jer6ey Central jss
Xew York Central. 2,r.OO 1C{ 162 H 1C2"-1
Norfolk & Westsrn 500 50'i B3M, 5o'I
Norf & West pfd.. ..... ...'. .... 30%
Ontario & Western 700 :\2*i 32% 32 Vj i
Penns>-lvania 12,500 151% ir.0% 15O : '7 !
Reading 4.5C0 55% 5i'^ 04^
Readins 3ft pM... 4/»0 hi b0-"i h\i% !
Reading 2d pfJ... 5,500 «7'/4 {;0«i Cti-i !
St,L& San JYan.. 300 61 C0% t-O^i
St L & S F 1st pfd s>
St L & S F 24 pfd 000 72 71% 7l=v.
St Louis S Wi 700 27 •>«* «<;£ '
St Louis SW pfd.. 5.S00 57^; 57% 57% !
Pt Pauj 3.8OO 164* l«Vi "l^vl I
ht Paul pfd * 1J.-3 j
Southern Pacific... 14,100 P,4"4 C4% C4'A '
Southern Railway. 31,100 ?Ay. 3-»i< XtiZ \
Southern Ry pfd.. 22.300 97 94% 8JJ4
Texas & Pacific 700 401'. 40 40
Tol St L & West.. ICO "2<A 22U •>'
Tol St L & W pfd. 500 40VI 40 .•»?:
Union Pacific 5.000 :>ST,5 cw !)*&
Cnion Pacific pfd.. 1,200 87 Vi SCT4 86%'
Wabash pfd 2,400 43V* 42« «S
AVhecling & LE... 400 20% 10% 137^
W&LE2dpfd... 100 32% 32? SIV^
W isconsin Central. 3,100 23% 22Jii *>2iZ
Wis Central pfd... 300 44% 44«A 44"
Express Companies —
Adams ............ ..... .... .... 202
American wm ."
United States "" no
Wells Kargo \ 100
Miscellaneous —
Amaigrmat Copper.. 22,700 €5% 64% C3
Am Car & Found.. 8,600 32% 31 % 31&t
Am Car & F pfd... 700 89'.-i 8:>U 88%
Am Linseed Oil J),200 24% 23% 23 T 4
Am Linseed Oil pfd 5,000 53% 05 ¦ 5«
Am Locomotive.... 2,400 S2>4 .11% 31K
Am Locomot rfd... ,600 '33 02% J)2V^
Am Smelt & Ref. .. K00 47 4r,U
Km Smelt S: R pfd. 1,300 SS% 68 ' OS'
Anaconda Min Co. 200 31% Z\'h MKi
Brooklyn Rap Tr.. ll.WKJ Crt C5 «5
Colo Fuel g-. Iron.. 3.000 05% 94 04
Consolidated Gas... 1,400 221 220 220
Con Tob pfd.ex dir 100 11C% 11G*« HO^i
General Electric... 400 304% 304 301
Glucose Sugar, tr 41
Hocking Coal 100 17 17 10%
Internatnl Paper... 1,000 21 20% 20V>
In Paper pfd.ex dlv 74 "
Internatnl Power.. 400 O8«4 98 I»8
Laclede Gas 90
National Biscuit... 1.400 1 4»% 43 41)
National Lead 5.800 '19% 17U 19%
North American... 1,800 105% lCC'J 104 '
Pacific Coast 73
Pacific Mail 300 49 48 49
People'* Gas 700 100% 100% 100«
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,100 41 40 40
Pressed S Car pfd. «v<tO R.1% 83 V. K.1%
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 2X5 235 232'
Republic Steel 4,400 18U 17'i 17%
Rp Steel pfd.ex dtv 1,100 74 72% 73
Sugar 15.100 120% 125% 12<5%
Tenn C"al & Iron.. 1,900 CK% C7% C8
Union Eag & P Co. 100 ir»-% 15% ib%
Do pfd. ex div... 100 78U 7S 1 /i 77^4
C S Leather COO 11<4 11% 11%
Do pfd. ex div... COO 81 80% 81
U S Rubber 100 lb% 15% 151J
IT S Rubber pfd 56
U S Steel 11.H00 42% 42% 42%
XT S Steel pfd 30.100 f!5 94% 94%
Western Union COO 91 00% 00%
Total salea 472.700 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U R ref 2s r«K ...109 L & N unif 4s..lO2H
U S ref 2s coup... 109 Mexican Cen 4s.. 83
TJ S 3s re« 109% Do let inc 33%
U S 3s couo ...103% M & St Louis 4s. 103%
U S new 4s rtg.139 M K & Texas 4s.. 00%
•U S new 4s coup.lSS^ Do 2ds 82
V S old 4s reg ...111 X Y Central lsts.lO.J%
TJ S old 4s coup.112 Do gen 3y.s ...10$
U S 5s res 103 N* J Cen Ken 5s.. 13d
U S 5s coun 100 Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4E..105 Do 3s -.... 74%
Do adjust 4s . . 93% Norf & W con 4s. 10.;%
Bait & Ohio 4»...1O4 Reading gen 4s.. 99%
Do 3%e »5«i St L & I M en 5s.HS%
Do conv 4b ...1O« I Kt L & S F 4s... »Sv4
Canada South 2ds.lO7% | St I. S W lste... »S%
Central of Ga 5s. 110% j Do 2ds ....... 80%
Do l»t Inc 78Vt;San A & A P 4s.. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7%j Southern Pac 4s.. 94%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84%.Southern Ry Cs..l21%
C B & O new 4s. 955i,: Texas & Pac lsts.120%
C M&St P gen 4s.l14%5Tol St I. & W 4s. 85
C & N-W con 7s.l37?ij Union Paciae 4s. .105%
C R I &¦ P 4s...ll2>4! X>o conv 4s 105V-
C C C&St L.gn 4E.104 j Wabash lsts . . . .118%
Chi Term 4s «9 Do 2ds 110%
Colo South 4b 94% Do deb B 74%
Denver & R G 4s.lO2% West Shore 4s... 113
Erie prior lien 4jS. C8% W & L Erie 4s.. 91%
Do gen 4s . . -'. • &?Vt Wisconeln Cen 4s. S)0
Ft W & D C lets.HS?4 Con Tob 4s .... 00%
Ilocking Val 4%s.lOS%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adamg Con 40( Little Chief _ 12
ai( c » *.» Ontario 7 7.»
Breece • 50 Ophir ... 04
Bnin.wick Con .. 03 Phoenix 08
Cometock Tunnel . 05 Potosi 08
Con Cal & Va...l 25 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra .. 00, Sierra. Nevada ... 10
Horn Silver .....1 40 Email Hopes 45
Iron Silver 72 Standard 3 35
L*adville Con .... W ,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Mone ..^ (United Fruit ..'. 91
Call loans ...3%@4 Westlnghee com. . 85
Time loans ...4 (HIM Mining—
BondB Adventure 21
Atcbf«"n 4s 102% Allouez 4
Cm I«m » Amalgamated ... 65%
I Mexican Cen 4... *1 Baltic' .45%
N E Gits & Cok«. M Bingbom 23%
Itailrcads— Cal & H«la ...600
' AtchiBon 75% Centennial 19%
n o pfd ' 9C Copper Range .. 45%
Boston & Albany. 204 Dominion Coal ..104%
Boston & Malne.194% franklin ..... 12%
liiton Elevated.. 172^ Isle Royale 18
KY N H & H..215 Mohawk ... .... 83%
Fltchburg pfd ..147 Old Dominion .. 20
Union Pacific .... 0S% Osceola ' 62
Mexican Central . 30 Parrot <«/%
MiBcellarieouh— Qulncy ... 130
American Su*ar.-J2C?4 Santa Ke Copper. 3%
p 0 v ta U" Tamarack ... ...187
Amer ""eS & Tel. 166 j Trlmountaln .. ..105
Dom I * Steel.. 4 Trinity 13%
General Electric .303 United States ... 1<%
M«* Electric ...30% Utah ... 22
Do "fd 96^» Victoria ... ..... 3%
•^ E Gas & Coke. 4% Winona ... 1%-
U S StSl ... *2Va Wolverine 51
I Do prd .........»*%
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 14;— Wheat, easier.
Walla Walla, 65@65%c; Valley, 66c.
.PORTLAND, Or.,~ March 14. — Sailed — Ship
Pax, for. Tacoma. .- ¦. . ; •
Northern Wheat Market
WASHINGTON,
TACOMA." Wash.. March 14.— Wheat mar
kets to-day were steady. Bluestem, 66c; club,
65c. ¦ . - .. ¦• ¦¦ -- . :
CHEESE — New, lOgiO&c; old. 9@llc;
Young America, S®lCc; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound. '.
EGGS — Ranch, 16c for selected large and
14 J ,A@15%c for good to choice; store, 13&<8>14o
per dozen. '
Receipts were 47,900 pounds, 14 tubs and 16
keg3 of Butter, 1615 cases of Eggs, 18,450
pounds of California . Cheese, pounds of
Oregon Cheese and - — pounds of Eastern
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 26@26%c per pound for
fancy, 25c for firsts and 22}£@24c for seconds;
dairy, 20024c; store Butter, 17@19c per lb.
Supplies of Cheese continue too large- and the
market is still weak.
Eggs showed no further change of conse
quence yesterday. All dealers reported plenty
of stock on ' hand, and some had mora than
they could handle., but the market was steady.
Dealers are still doing- some storing at the
present prices, but the recent advance makes
cold storage now considerable of a gamble. It
costs Sc per dozen to place Eggs in cold stor
age, figuring lc for the case, 2o for storage
charge, lc for breakage and lc for interest and
contingent expenses, so that Eggs that go Into
cold storage at 16c stand tha owner 21c when
he takes them out in the fall. An advance of
another cent would probably shut off the stor
age demand altogether. The- local consumptive
demand is', good, and occasionally a dealer
squeezes 17c for the finest ranch, if he delivers
them, ' but the great bulk of ¦ the goods do not
tell over 16c. The majority of the trails would
prefer to see the goods above the storage price,
as the storage purchases are taking a good
many Eggs away from the regular channels,
but 16c "appears all that the' public will stand
at the moment. . .
• Butter is weak, but the Impending decline
has not yet occurred. Stocks are ample for all
current requirements and buyers continue to
purchase from hand to mouth.
Buttery Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE. March .14.— Clearings, $608,154;
balances, $115,561.. '
PORTLAND, March 14.— Clearings. $395,715;
balances, $78,676. : • . ¦.
March 14.— Clearings, $225,326;
balances, $04,804. . , . ¦ . .
TACOMA, March 14.— Clearings, $171,000;
balances, $20,000. . .
Northern Business.
LONDON, March 14.— The offerings at the
wool auction were 14.273 bales. The attend
ance ¦njw very large. Among the offerings was
a superior selection of Merinos. American buy
ers were occasional takers of best greasy cross
breds at extreme rates. - . .
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK. March,' 14.— Cotton closed
steady, unchanged to 3 points higher.
New York Cotton . Market.
Silver Is 24 %d per ounce, the lowest since
September, 1897, when Japan established the
gold standard. There is an absence of demand
for the metal.
Rio Tintos sold at 45*S« and copper was %
down to 53% per ton. Yesterday's report re
garding tho Rio Ttntos depredation and re
demption fund proves to have been a misap
prehension.
The stock market to-day -was inactive and
featureless. American shares were merely
nominal., closing fractionally harder on New
York demand for Southern Railway and United
States Steel Corporation, the latter on fund
ing plans talk. *
NEW YORK. March 14.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2 11-1G per cent. The rate of
discount In the open market for 3 months'
bills is 2% per cent.
"""""" *.JA>eii">n> aj.m~i.vo.
Consols, money. 04 I-lCiM K & T 2111
Lo, account.. 91 3-16i Do pfd 55'
A? r \r. Oncla «Vi N Y Central 1«(5
Atchlson 77 4^-crrollc &"VYe3t.. 5S
Laltl & Ohio 107"i!ont & Western.. 33V4
Canadian Pacific. llil^ Railway... .Wrf,
CJJpa & Ohio.... 4C«'J Do prefd....... 98%
Chic Ot Western. 25 "Southern Pacific. 00U
£- M & St Paul.. 107 «iiUn'.on Pacific 101 V*
iJenver & R Grde. 44'ii Do prefd. SV>Vj
Do profd IKJiijU S Steel '43a;
Er JL e S7',i| Do prefd O«Th
Do 1st prc-fd <5ST£ ¦ Wabash 23 V,
Do 2d- preW .... 5o*A\ Do prefd 43
Illinois Central.. .143 I Spanish 4s ... 7D%
Louis & Naeli....lO8%' ~~
r.ar sliver, weak, Sivjjd per ounce. Money,
2?i«5f3 p«- cent.
LOXDOX CTXS1NG STOCKS
Official indications of farm reserves on
March 1 were not surprising as to corn, deal
ers anticipating that supplies would be only
about one-half last year's, but the statement
that 23 per cent of the enormous wheat yield
remained in farmers' hands was not calculated
to sustain values. Needed rains in, the South
west made the market look more favorable for
tl'e next crop. A sustaining feature was the
interior movement of only 2.681,891 bushels,
against 3,902.650 last year, while on the other
hand total exports from the United State3 were
but 2.59S.472 bushels, compared with 4,962,674
a Failures for the" weak were 232 in. the United
States, against 209 last year, and 34 in Canada,
against 33 in .1901. ¦ ¦''¦¦. ., \V :.-•-,.._
Consumers of Iron and- steel products are
still anxious regarding conditions during the
next three months.
Business in Boston was completely paralyzed
by the strike of freight handlers and teamsters,
which directly affected 40,000 men and indirect
ly rendered other thousands Idle by holding
back supplies of raw ¦ material. • Fortunately
this struggle was brief, but another will begin
on Monday at Fall River mills and other tex
tile plants in that vicinity." Outside of Massa
chusetts, however, the labor situation is ex
ceptionally free from controversy and even in
the coal mines there is less than the usual agi
tation, a3 April approaches. Distribution of
spring merchandise Is makin's rapid progress,
the most sanguine expectations being fully
realized In all sections outside the strike area.
NEW YORK, March 14.— R. G. JDun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
-SUMMARY? OF THE MARKETS.
The appearing quotations on Game were ob
tained when sales were made, but the demand
was slack as Is usual on Friday. Fifty-five
sacks were received.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hen3; Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks $5®
,5 50 for old and $0 CO@S for young; Hens,' $4 50
05 60; young Roosters, $6®7; old Roos
ters $4 25@4 50; Fryers. $5@5 60; Broilers,
$4 50® 5 for . large and $3@4 for small ;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and ili 751*
3 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails ana $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese, $1@1 25; Brant. $1@2 per dozen • Hon
kers. $3@4 50; English Snipe. $3®3 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 50@2.
There was no Eastern Poultry rscelved yes
terday. . Receipts of local Poultry, while not
heavy, .were more than sufficient for require- !
ments, . The market had an easier tone, but '
prices were no lower. !
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Dun's Review of Trade.
Canadian failures for the week number 31.
as against 23 last/ week and 28 in this week
a year ago. - ¦
the week nu:nber 221. as against 173 last week,
207 In this weak / last year, 190 ia 1900 and
305 tn 1S89. - ¦ ¦ ¦ '- '•_' •/¦ .
were made at lower prices and ! the closing
rang-e i ivas 520@26 30, which Ehowed a decline
of about 25 points. London declined 12s Cd to
£114 7s 6d for spot and £111 2s tfd for futures.
COPPER — Was quiet and unchanged locally,
with Lake at 12^,@12%c, electrolytic at 12&@
12%c ana casting at 12@12Vic. At London cop
per clcsjd 5a net lower, with spot at £53 17a tid
and futures at £53 15s.
LEAD — Was stead j- and unchanged here at
4%c, but London closed Is 3d higher at £11 10s.
SPELTKR — Was about 10 points higher at
$4 as at. New York, while London was un
changed at £17 15s.
IP.ON — Was steady but quiet and unchanged
locally. Piglron warrants were nominal: No. 1
foundry. Northern, $18 50019 50; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, $18 15; No. 1 foundry. Southern,
$17 5O@1S; No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $17 50
@13. . . — ¦ ,.
The English markets for Iron were lower.
Glasgow closed at 52s £d and Middlesbcro at
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1902.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
Chicago Grain Market.
11
.
Silver still bzver. Other financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat freights continue to decline.
Wheat dull and unchanged. Barley steady.
Oats, Com and' Rye as previously quoted.
Hay weak, Bran lower, Middlings unchanged.
Blackcyc Beans closely Held and higher.
Butter in gocd supply and easy. ¦ Cheese plentiful ,
Eggs firm at the recent advance.
Dried Fruits unchanged, but firm.
Provisions listless at previous prices, v -vy /
Meat market firm and but moderately supplied.
Potatoes and Onions firm and Asparagus higher..
Xo change in Poultry and Game. ¦
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Coal market as previously quoted.
¦¦¦;i;V — ' —
The Potato market was firm and active for
choice offerings. Oregon Potatoes are almost
cleaned out of first hands and the market will
be in good shape for the n4xt steamer, which
is due to-morrow with about 0000 sacks. Early
Rose ' are' lower under liberal .supplies from
Vancouver. New Potatoes sold at 3©5c per lb.
The Onion market is stronger on fancy stock,
but poor stock is hard to sell. Two cars were
received from Oregon. Australians are held
firm at the 'appearing quotation for shipping.
. Receipts of Vegetables from the Bay and
River were (53 bxs Asparagus, 079 bxs Rhu
barb and 07 eks Peas. - .
¦ Asparagus was higher, owing to the light re
ceipts and ¦ the demand for. Eastern shipping.
Receipts of Rhubarb are steadily Increasing
and it) is now sold by the box. There were no
String 7 Beans, Egg Plant or Peppers receoved
from Los Angeles. These y descriptions would
have brought good prices had they been on
hand. . Peas from Los Angeles were In good
order and rcct with ready sale. Tomatoes, and
Summer Squash showed effects of : the rain.
POTATOES— $1 10@l 30 for Burbanka from
the river; Oregon Burbanks. $135@1 70; Ore
ron Garnet Chiles, $1 35@1 50; River Re<J«.
SI 50@l CO; Early Rose, for «eed, $1 60@l 75;
j=mall Burbanks. for seed, $1 20@l 40; Sweets,
$1 M for Merceds. :-¦' ¦- :
ONIONS — Oregons. $2@2 2o for. the best and
$1 75@2 f or. lower grades ; Australian, $3 75;
Green Onions; 50@60c per box. - .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, - extra fancy,
22i-4@25c per lb; 15020c . for No. 1 and 10®
12%c for No. 2; Rhubarb, $1 2501 75 per bx;
Green Peas, -from Los -. Angeles, 6@7<r? Bay
Peas,"-G<j?8c; String BeansV from ¦ Los ; Angeles,
_, Including^. Wax; Cabbage. '¦ 40c per ctl;
I/os Angeles Tomatoes,' 5Oc@$l 25 per box and
51<2>1 50 per- crate; Mexican Tomatoes,' TBc®
51 25 per box for repacked; Dried Peppers,
10@llc per *tb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried
Okra, 12>4@20c per lb; Carrots. S5@50c per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 5O per dozen:
Garlic, HiJI^i&c; Lcs Angeles Green Peppers.
; Mexican do, 10@15c Egg Plant from Los
Angeles, ; Summer Squash from Lea Ange
les, SI 2j@1 50;. Marrowfat Squash, $10 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $10; Mushrooms, nom
inal.
Wholesale rates Irom slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6©7o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7%®8Vic; small. S%®914c per
P °MUTTON— "Wethers, 9@9%e; Ewes, 8@9c per
pound.
LAMB — Yearlings, 10011c per lb; Spring
Lamb, Miff 15c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. T%@9c per lb.'
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle :
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7V-c; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4^@&c; Ewes. 3&@4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 5C@2 75 per
head, or 5%@6c per lb liveweight; yearlings.
iy.@5c per lb. ¦ -'^ttnA^namiin
HOGS— Live Hoes, 200 lbs and under, 6@
6%c: 200 lbs and over, 6%@5?ic; feeders. 5%c;
sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 30 per cent, off,
and stags, 40 per cent. oft from the above quo
tations. ¦ ¦ •- ¦• .
'General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%<J?5c. QJMjjJH
. COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $o ; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $9 50;
Itoslyn, 5"; Coos Bay.' $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50:
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12
In bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthracite. $14:
Cannel, 911 p«r ton; Coke. $13 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton. according
to brand. >
Harrison's circular says: "During tho weelc
there have been six coal arrivals from Wash
ington with 18,290 tons; • four from British,
Columbia, 13,467 tons; two from Oregon. 1450
tons; total, 34,207 tons. . With the quantity at
hand this week there Is no scarcity of steam.
grades, but for household uses there is very
little arriving, hence full values axe main
tained; fortunately the ear marks of spring are
visible and the domestic consumption will
diminish. It is anything but interesting read
ing for- coal producers to scan the list of names
(140 in number) of thoso who are now utilizing
oil, who formerly consumed coal to produce the
necessary motive power for their factories.
This is for San Francisco alone; there certain
ly must be at least forty more industrials
around the bay that have likewise modified
their methods. This is a sorry outlook for our
coast collieries which produce only steam
coal3. Still the interests of the many must be
subserved, although it may be detrimental to
the few, as cheap fuel ia causing a large num
ber of factories to be established which were
never dreamed of formerly. Coal freight* from
Australia show no improvement, although the
pronounced shrinkage In outward grain char
ters should strengthen colonial rates. The
Wellington colliery is getting Into* shape to
send forward its regular output, and this will
relieve tha demand for domestic grades."
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
"tic; raw, 7-lc; cases, 5o more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and etc for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases. 9Cc;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon: pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels, 42%c; cases. 47 Vic;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%o fop Ceylon and
58 &c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13 Vie; Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star 20c; Extra Star. 21c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In
cases, 21'zic; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases.
20%c; 86-^egree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; in
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lti
bags: Cubea, A Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.SOc; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra Ci- 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D,"
3.55c; barrels. 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more;
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.73c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels, or Its equivalent.
AUCTION SALES
"AUCTION !__AUCTION !
Stock of the Flopes
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANATS IIATjE. adminis-
tratrix of the estate of JOSKPH P. HALE.
dece.iscd, we will aell at auction on Friday.
March i;l. 1D02, at 12:15 p. m., at room *2.
Chroctc'-o building, fifty-nine thousand nlnu
hundred and ninety <50,i»0) sharss of tha cap-
ital 3tock of the Flores Hale & Company. Tha
property cf the Florea Hale & Company con-
sists cf tour million <VJOO.0<X>) acres ot land
In Lower California. "
Terms of sale: Ten per cent on the fall
of the hammer, the balance on conflrmatioa
of. the sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale.
McGLYNN & MEN TON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
¦ __^ Chronicle Building.
&» WAIT! #
150 HEAD OF D. MILLER'S HORSES.
To Be Bold NEXT THURSDAY. March 2*
1902.
At U a. m. and 8 p. m.
All are found gentle, broken and will b»
guaranteed aa represented. We have testi-
monials from the best business houses In tha
city as to their value. It wCl pay you better
to srlve a fair price for a good horse than to
give a low price for a worthless animal. Horsea
! are now on exhibition at 721 HOWARD ST. ;
also at 1613 MARKET ST.. near 12th.
OCCIDENTAL. HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FINEST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING HOR3E9
ever brought to this market, weights from
1150 to 1500. all souni and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.THE SAN;FEA^GI8CQ CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1902.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MACE.
Al. GARDENER, who understands his busl-
. -. ness ; thoroughly,- with 25 years 1 of expe-.
.--rlence and , practical knowledge of all various
branches of horticulture and : art gardening,
.who shows the best references andidiplomas,
;. reeds situation; private place preferred. "• Ad-
dress ¦ LOUIS KNAUF St. Helena, Napa
County, Cal. . • ,
FIRST-CLASS gardener -German, with long
a experience in growing 'of flowers, vegetables,
; < ornamental bedding • greenhouses, wishes
. steady position; references. Gardener, box
. 41»0, Call office. . ____________
GERMAN man and wife , would like ,to . take
charge' of small place In the country; man a
' good farmer and well experienced in making
and keeping wines; wife a good . cook ; ref er-
ences .-• Address 237 Minna st.,»in rear house,
No. 14. > , -.¦.,--¦¦'.¦.- ,. . ' - ¦•
SCOTCHMAN, .aged 30 recently discharged
-¦. fromJJ.'. S. army, excellent character, desirea
situation as timekeeper watchman or gen-
,. erally. useful man in warehouse; small. wages
¦ : to start. Box 4442, Call. ' - .
FARM hand, a' strong-; willing young Swede,
age 26, .-wants position; good milker; handy
¦ with tools; knows how to raise vegetables.
.' Box 4446, -.Call.'--. ' ' " <'
CABINETMAKER and carpenter, age 45.
¦ wishes work in an Institution, hotel; any kind
of work. Box 4436, Call office. ¦. .
STEADY, reliable ¦ man wants position as
... -watchman and elevator man. 725 Utah st. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlge, 2200 Fillmore.
A : BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 1090
Valencia st. .;¦'--¦-• . .
TO exchange— A fine city lot for - upright
piano. 11 city Hall square.
' : / FINANCIAL. •
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust. Co. (Inc.) — We
have ' 42 'offices In operation;- new method ot
placing stocks and bonds; companies lncor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address' main office, 507-8-9 Parrott- bldg.
COMPANIES. Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold ; good projects wanted ; Inves-
, tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us.- Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post.
..,'^'^v ; _ F j LATS T ff LET ' . .-'-' ."--.. .
A BRAND new. '6 -rooms and bath.'i facing
park; low rents. 755 to 769 Sixth ave.; Me-
( Alllster, ,. Geary or Sutro cars to door; keya
opposite premises. . : . . ¦ :
A— REDUCED rents; swell new flats," facing
•Golden Gate Park; 6 to 8 rooms each. 500
to 529 Frederick st.. near Stanyan.
SWELL 1 house, 7 rooms and bath, on car line;
. Lftkeview; $12 5a W T. VALENTINE, 354
/Geary 'st. > . . -
4-RQOM flat; gas; cellar. 22 Sumner St.. , off
Howard, nr.'Sth;, water, and ashman free.
FLAT 4 rooms; rent $9. 1210 Stevenson St.,
1 or rear of 1711 Market st.
SUNNY upper flat; 4 rooms. 416% Hyde St.;
key at 418 Hyde. ' -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '
.FLATS TO LET PURMSHKO.
ELLIS; 647— Handsomely furnished modern
t>-room flat, for sale or rent, cheap. ¦
BUSH, 1060— Newly furnished modern flat; 8
rooms; rent reasonable. Call bet. 10 .and 4.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— Flats 4 & 2 rms.. pan-
. tries, closets, piano, garden $25,' $15; l.to 4.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
FLATS WANTED.
FUR- flat 6 or 8 rooms; desirable locality for
summer; reasonable; no chll. Box 4196. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4. ROOMS furnished in oak. $^5oTwltirNo. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A...WOLLPERT. 773 MisslonTsTT pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. T ~'
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP /WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 185
¦ Hotel Department. ¦
,2 n'-cre . waitresses, flrst-class - hotel, near
city, $25, fare paid; crew of. waitresses, flrst-
; "class country hotel,' $25, fare paid; chamber-
maid and wait, sorings, $20; chamberjnaid
and wait, short distance, $25;- chumbermald
to wait, choice place, $20; 2 waitresses, hotel,
•country, fare paid. $25; country
laundry, $30 and found; cook, email home
restaurant, $30.
Family Department.
Choice ' place, small American family, San
;, Mateo, $20: another ; place, San Mateo, $15:
cook, German .style, city, $30; working
housekeeper, $20-$25; second girl, choice
place, Oakland. $23, see party here; others.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
A FIRST-CLASS pastry. cook who understands
- German style of pastry cooking; choice pri-
vate boarding-house; $G5. CR. HANSEN
• &.CO-, 104. Geary, st.
WANTED— Man and wife, as milker and cook.
.dairy ranch; $00; man and wife for resort as
•cook and helper. $50; mother and daughter,
housework, for Santa Rosa, 333; 4 cooks,
'eome washing." $30; general housework girl,
?30: 10 hotel, and restaurant waitresses, $7
¦week and $25 month; 4 second girls, $20-$25;
French lady's maid. $20; chambermaid, pri-
vate family, $25; hotel, $15; 2 laundresses,
W5-S30: nurse clrl, $15;. 00 girls for house-
work at $20. $25, .$30; call to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
A— TWO neat young ladies of medium size
as salesladies In candy store; . $7 week to
begin. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
A WOMAN cook for institution (children's
home), $25; nurse, same place, $20; also
-' young' woman to assist In nursery and sew,
$1C. MRS, hi. K. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
GIRLS, Icarn halrdreKsIng; only 2 weeks re-
quired; course $5, Including massage, mani-
curing, wljrs, switches, chiropody, electrons;
¦ >60 per mo. assured after learning; positions
guaranteed; bring thlBad.. worth $1; day and
eve. cluss. S. K. HAIRDRESSING COL-
LEGE, 233 Geary St.. rooms 13-15. •
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
cf making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while learning.. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32 Vj Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Experienced operators on women's
muslin underwear; steady work; electric
power; cood pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket st. . ¦ :
YOUNG lady wanted for flrst-class ladles'
tailor establishment; good chance learn trade;
will pay. R. BEDROS. 528 Sutter St.
EXPERIENCED and ' inexperienced cirU for
folding paper; box factory. 'Apply 522 'Mar-
ket at. iVJ-'/ftH, 1
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House.
S25 Battery st. . ¦ „ •;
MACHINE 1 operators . to ! work In factory on
• children's wash suits. .656 Mission. 3d floor.'
A GIRT, to do light housework; wages $12.
Apply 404 Fourteenth st.
.YOUNG girl to wait at table; $6 a week. 120
Ninth st. ¦ ¦ , ¦.'¦. ... ¦ -.
GIRL wanted to assist in housework;; sleep
home; $15 per month. Jackson st. ' . ,
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hair dressers and ven-
tilators. , 40 Geary st. '
WANTED— Immediately,^ ambitious girls to
learn hairdressing from A to Z in 2 weeks
-" and take, charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month: course $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary st:. rooms 13-15. -
GERMAN or Swedish. Eirl; help with house-
work; small family; sleep home. 623 McAl-
lister St. -. • • ,.,..:.,.-. .£•¦
WANTED— First-class chambermaid and laun-
dress; must have good references. Apply 2123
. Buchanan st. ,, ; ,• v
FRENCH 'girl or woman, general housework;
- wage3 $20; board and lodging. S22 Mont-
i gomeiy st. - - . ¦
WOMAN, not too young, who can* furnish ref-
erences.' for a position of trust. Box 4452,
Call of flee. ' • . • ' , , •
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls; -lntx-
P e f ien ced Paid while 1 learning. 9 Hill st.;
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second, v ;
At i. P . a Si lficIlalrdressln SCollsgre,Murphy-bld.,r.91;
nairdresKing.massage.rnanicurinK.wigs.switch,
etc. ;course.;5;2 wks.;posltion secured ;day, eve.
LADIES wanted f or ' dramatic company. We
teach you. Box 4191,: Call office.
YOUNG lady to solicit shorthand class and re-
ceive course. free. Box 4103, Call office.
LADIES wanted, for dramatic company; we
teach you. Address box 4191. Call ; office.
WANTED-^-Experienced waitress ; 75c per day.
. with or without room.' 1805 Haight st. '•
(3 Si M -~ > i-> woni T? n as governess : state religion;
. salary $30. Box 2994. Call office. , •
cl jA s SIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore .
I^'CH office for, Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been : established , at lOOtf
.vaiencia St. , r . : ,...•• •
HELP WANTED— MALE— -Con. '
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10JO
Valencia st. ¦ .
HORSES AM), WAGOSS. *
CHESTNUT driving team of mares, ased 7
years, sired by Reno Prince; very gentle.
stylish, perfectly fearless, free from vice and
need no boots; broke single; easy to drive;
price very low. Apply to WM. G. LAYNG.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st..
near Thlrd.^ - • - '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons,
¦ harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
SANTA ROSA, salesyard— Horses, harness and
buggies bought xnd told, new stock always
on hand. 1490 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
SAN- Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Span of bays. 4 and 5 years; full
sisters; also buckbeard and harness. 2262
San Jose ave., Alameda.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey,harness,work,drivlng horses. 15th&Valencla
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
. camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNER; half interest livery stable: all new
rigs: account other business. 2125 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET. .
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$47 50— HOUSE of 8 rooms; large basement and
large yard. 1613 Bush St.. near Franklin.
HOUSES WANTED. 7
HOUSE wanted to be removed, near CaoD and
Twenty-fifth sts. Address box 4187. Call.
COTTAGE, small house, lower flat;. must have
yard; ans. at once. 27}£ Fourth, room 11.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
1 yard; fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore, 63 Portold.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin. "* faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great - success ; free consulta-
tlon. Room 30. Llebes building. 139 Post st,
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Toy Yorkshire terrier In neighborhood
of Vallejo St., near Buchanan; Is very old |
and was raised from a puppy by me; I would i
give a large reward for his recovery as I am 1
deeply attached to him. Kindly return to ]
2107 Vallejo st. __, |
— ' — ———————————————————————————— j
LOST — Saturday, between 11:3ft and 12. - on
Polk or Sutter st. cars, gold jeweled purse.
Return to 1966 Pacific ave. and receive liberal
reward. •
LOST — Diamond crescent scarfpin, 6 small dia-
monds; liberal reward. 217-219 O'Farrell.
LOST — In or near Orpheum, night of February
14, 1002, lady's gilt belt, with gold buckle.
- Finder please return to 636 Mission st. and
collect $5 reward.
LOST — A Scotch collie, female, tan, with white
marking, 6 months old. Return 2S4O Jack-
son st. and receive reward.
LOST — Small tan dog; license 1373. Return
608 Filbert st. ; reward.
LOST — In Mission, brown cocker spaniel. "W.
Price" on collar. Reward at 224 Capp st.
LOST — A pass book with the > Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of DA VIDE CAPELLO; No. 224-15S3.
The finder will please return to bank. .
LOST — Heart-shaped topaz brooch' set in, small
diamonds; valuable to 'owner account asso-
ciations'. Liberal reward office Palace Hotel.
FOUND — On beach at Giant. Contra Costa Co..
round-bottom boat, painted green outside.
Owner can have same by proving property
and paying costs. Ad. L. Leavell, Giant, Cal.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia -Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL^
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 18S7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; .tel. Bush 421. _.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. ~~
A — DR. O'DONNELIa world-renowned Epeclal-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt, op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
30 years' experience: instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell at.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office, 1228 Market St.; 30 years'
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 000 Market »t., op. 4th; fee low.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES.' original
method of treatment: maternity home; home
In confinement. 1120 Market St., S. P.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere »pe-
clnllst. 1007^ Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
for a good party to act as director In opening
the "Wabash Mine." near Amador, on mother
lode, near Keystone mine. Room 400, annex
to Call, S. F.
200 MONTEZUMA shares at 25 cents; sacrifice;
owner needs money. Box 4450, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand macWIneryTTiJtcINl
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-107 Fremont st.
10-K.W. WESTINGHOUSE generator..... $250
200 light generator, engine and boiler... $500
8 h.p. boiler and engine, centrifugal 4-ln.
pump, belt, p:p», tJc $«oo
v 25-h.p. boiler and engine, complete $250
4Sxl6 return tubular boiler $230
40 h.p. nre box boiler (locomotive) $175
6 h.p. vertical boiler. $(jo
H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
A— BUYS, sells or. rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st. -
BAR fixtures:, big stock; Installments; billiard
-and. pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
ONE 25 H. P. steam engine power lathe 14
.feet, complete with tools; good as new. Box
446i, Call, office. ,
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 33 bust- ele-
gant quality: condition finest; cost ' orlg-
lnally $225. for $100 cash. Box 3896. Call. .
FINE automobile: will exchange for 75 H P
" »25J ne K 1 2? t0 5T or real estate ' Address "box
•>wJ, Oakland.
A^-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny stj near Pin*!
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFTP
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery s£
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65. p^rtTT
land- Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
BRICK for sale; bats and filling free. Batterv
and Union sts. / ~-<*iiery
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery Mott\t
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont «_
ROLLER canaries, breeding cages and younc
reasonable: moving.. 918 Hyde St. *" uat "
ALL slzea men's shoes, slightly damaged hal-
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d [ st*.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried in *tnot
BAKER & HAMILTON. arriea »n stock.
ASK for 'prices on second-hand tyr>ewrlt*r« rnii
makes). ALEXANDER & COZflQ Montg'y.
12 H. P. engine,^almost new; only used three
months; very cheap. Box 4153. Call office
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movln* dIc
tures. BULLARD & BRECK/iar Proft ,t.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- "v.
to 50c. 563 Mission «t.. bet, lrt _£" 2d s^sT
NEW : home and Domestic sewing machine •
-good order; complete; cheap. 1015 MiasiSn.'.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. V, Tirtnv o«» Vr._Tr ".°
MISCELIiAXEOITS FOR SALE — Con.t
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 1 K> Beale st. ¦
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiWj
- bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HEU-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
"WILL Day cash and good prices for old seal-
skins: address at once; will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 3276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gent.*'
full dreas and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st.: phone Bush 4-St.
WANTED — Small Ice plant. li-ton- up. In
good order. Box 4477,- Call.
WANTED — Second-hand fireproof safe in good
condition. Box 44oS, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S.*1.
MONEY TO LOA5.
A^0HERM^^~M~URpllTr6oT^o5 Examiner Msf
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates. ........
.On First and Second Mortgages......
On Life Interests In Estates...
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Hr« Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate;
Financial Problems of al! sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONET
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. . (Inc.)
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent In' sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property ;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities Manhattan Loan Co.,
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6. PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate la probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business euewher*
R. McCOLGAN...
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
- cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room lft,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSE.N'
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. ' Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 8*1
Market at. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal ;
lowest rate: private, confidential. * ORMSBV,
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 0 per cent. In sums to suit in city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; se<>
' • ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son, 412 Pin^.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amourr;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room :i'i.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their nots.
THE TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bid?.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; menty
quick: lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 6.?L .
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party* no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. - Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 1719 Buchanan, nr. Sutter.
510 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
¦ party. St. Ann's bids.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72, 4th flr.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
Ins rent. MURDOCH. SU Pine st.
ON3 per cent on furniture: $5 a month on eac!»
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchant^' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. LICK. 110 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bid*.
MUSICAL IXSTRCMEXTS.
ALL must go without reserve. ~SaIe open*
. Monday morning at 8. First callers will s »:
. first choice of 150 pianos. Some special bar-
gains:
1 Sommer .....'.".»...... $"S
1 Antisell ..." $a»
1 Neuman (small upright) .....$S5
1 Sherman & Hyde ..i...$95
4 Chlckerlnga from $135 to $215 .
3 Steinwaya from .$135 to $395
87 Helnes from $185 to $595
30 new upright pianos exactly the same as
offered as bargains by others for $183 we will
sell for $98. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary St.. opp. Union Square.
A GOOD Idea In buying a piano is to be sura
that you are getting a reliable Instrument
from a reliable house who will be respon-
sible for It and see that it is kept in order.
There are so many fakirs abroad In the land,
and fake sales are so often resorted to. taat
a purchaser cannot be too careful. We setl
the Wlssner. Decker, Baumelater and other re-
liable planoa. Tou buy on the payment plan
If you wish. THE ZE.N'O MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 760 Market st. ¦
ALTHOUGH many seemtaxly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of price*
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can otter exceptionally fine pianos and tars-
o^T^?Jf? rtlnent °* best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway daaler*.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.: Broad-
way and- Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION. BAROAIN-HUNTXItS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 u».
Second-hand square pianos from $30 as.
Second-hand organs from $23 up: new upright
SON. 18 to 20 CFarrell. Chlcicertn*. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time"-'
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a. new peerless Knabo. at regular
price : costs you only 20o a. day to buy *
piano from us. KOHLER A CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1830.
EOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy piano*;
Lester pianos; Splelmann pianos; Ceclltan
perfect piano player; pipe organ*. 303. 310.
812 Post st.
SMALL upright. $38; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square Pianos. $35 up: A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, afmost new. $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 Bt& st.. Ivers & Pcnd -gts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; btH
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. B60 Hayea st.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Beautiful tone, high-
grade upright piano: golns East. 811 O'Far-
WE' offer for one week 12 beautiful piano* at
barjraln prices from $S3 up. P. W. SPEN-
CER St CO.. corner Sutter and Powell «t».
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward; values best In the city. PIERCE 1 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Churcn.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
*t the new music store or Th« "Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market St. :>:..-
AT auction prices, 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
MAHOGANY upright: nearly new; must b«
sold by Sunday night. 1643 Hyde st. 1
3 LEADING pianos. Stelnway, Ohickerlns.l^
• Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission^
WANTED — Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post st
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargain*.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post St.
BARGAIN, great «aerlflce; 2 uprights nearly
new. JQ3. SCBMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac#-_
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 18 pages, sent to any address In th»
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
$12 — STORE - and living rooms, suitable for
dressmaker. 2-3 Eighth st.
SUNNY offices just below Kearny St.. $10; also
large store. Keys t!36 Clay st...room 1.
OIL.
OIL tanks, Ind-hand, In good order; all sizes:
cheap. H. S. WHITE, 1.10-132 Beale St.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting &. tinting dene.
Hartman Paint Co.. ?.19 3d st. ; tel. Red i!521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates: get figures. J.
C. ROMAI.NE. 640 G. G. ave. : tel. PoIK US!-
PAL3IISTUY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. .The Vendome. 1104 Market
¦ st.; hours from S> a. m. to 10 p. tn.
MRS. H. .Ellen wood, scientific palmist and Ilia-
reading; 9 a.m.,9 p.m. 4S3 Geary, cor. Taylor^^i
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reada 1 to 4. 700 *
Post st.. corner of Jones; phone Potk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post;tel.BUck 561.
DPSIXESS CITAXCES— Contlnoed.
A CANDY store, manufacturing and Icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
30 minutes from city; present owner been
there 7 years: best of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A— SALOON on Third Bt., close to Market;' 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
A — PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market St., fine-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
i Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate '¦ Business
Agent.
RESTAURANT— $4000; one of the finest that
has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi-
ness man. Address box 4189 Call office. '
$525 — TAILORING on Market Bt. ; full value in
sight; good will; cause for sale, owner study-
Ing medicine; cheap rent. G. Newton.759 Mkt.
SALOON for eale; opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st.. north of Market.
$400 — SALOON; old established; transfer cor-
ner; low rent: long lease. Call office.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
A— . Near The. Call building.
Telephone Black I-8-O-0.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sal« on easy terms. Please call.
BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Please remember that I have three compe-
tent, courteous eober business men associated
with me and that we will gladly refer you to
' hundreds of people for whom we have done
buFlness to their, entire satisfaction. AVE
S£LL city and country ¦ property, lodging-
1 houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds.
'¦ WINSTON & WOLF— —
1020 Market st 1026 Market st.
¦ (Photocraph Gallery Entrance.)
16 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments.. $1150
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000
1 23 rooms; rent $05; must sell 1260
28 rooms; corner; cheap rent 1500
2!) rooms; rent $75; must sell 1200.
50 rooms; new; corner; rent $200; elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market et (Inc.) Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels, !
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant bouses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
' Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 323.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to selL list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices: in all parts of city.
A— 75 ROOMS, near Market st ..$6000
22 rooms, $1300; 20 rooms. $1400: 56 rooms,
J2000; 11 rooms, $400: 18 rooms, money
maker, $1800: 100 others, 6 rms. to 220, $200
to. $13,000. KRASKY & CO., 1049A Market.
23 ROOMS; all sunny: 2 floors; all full; steady
roomers; will sell cheap on easy terms. M. :
E. RIVES, 916 Market st. ; tel. Main 12S.
12 ROOMS; all sunny; running water; rent $50;
nice home on easy terms; money loaned. M. '
E. RIVES, 916 Market st ; tel. Main 12S.
McBRIDE & CO 765 Market St.— Some bar-
galns: $3300 — 33 rooms. $2000 — 32 rooms;
$750 — 16 rooms. $1300 — 21 rooms. $000 — 20 |
rooms. $550 — 10 rooms. 60 more houses, '
come bargains. In different locations. ' I
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1200 Markt.
FOR SALE^ — House of . 10 rooms and furnish-
ings; cheap. 449, First st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; 6pirlts speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m. ; SOc. 10S4 Bush st. I
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium: j
life reader; medical clairvoyant ; sittings, . $1; i
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. \
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing se- 1
ance 1 p. m. Sunday, SOc. 731 2Gth, Oakland. '
Mrs. Seal, eplritual and bus. medium ; tobacco I
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
~~ ; clairvoyants. "
mme. m. Bernard!
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
renings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic, I
love or "business troubles, consult this great me- >
<5Ium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4. r /69.
A — 50c and $1. PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth.
lock hair. C questions. 1007V& Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance |
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar- ¦
ket rt., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2<I; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction puar- i
anteed by mail; Fend stamp for pamphlet
. with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 23c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ Cth.
FREE! ~ FREE'- ' FTtEE!
PROF. BROCKWAY, PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis. St.. bet. Franklin and Gough.
P.eadlngs free between the hours of 9:30 and
II a. m. Other ¦hours, $1. - / :;
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily. 10 a. tn.
to C p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Hills; clairvoyant,
crystal ncer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given;- 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. PPRENGER. clairvoyant: full life read-
Ings. r>Oc. 1049 A Market at., room 12.
MRS.. JACQUE. trance, sittings & palmistry
$1; card reading. 25c & 00c. 309 5th st., r. 12.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant, card reader; rsst,
present, future; L. 25c, G. 60c. 52114 Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ]adl»H
25c. sents 00; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50o. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 202 Minna St.. nr.'4th.
CARPET ' ' BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bsat-
Ir.g Work.", 353-.'{57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 3521.
ADVANCE, Carpet-cleaninfr Co.. 402 Sutter Bt. ¦
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at; tel. Mission 2C3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
. vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CAFE AOMeT
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon . River points call or write C. F.
MOORE, 935 Market st. room 8.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor. 016 Market St.; advice free. TeL Bush
'_ 194; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market Et.
y COTTAGES TO LET. ~
HAYES. mSprirTcentral ave. — Cozy, modern"
sunny cot.: 5 rms.: yard, cellar; G. G. Park!
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGK3INSrM?M^rkTt%TrE^lm^
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 50; other'
fillings. $1 ; gold and ¦ porcelain crowns, $5
_up; plates, a full set of t«eth that look nat- I
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions' or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free- prices I
.cheapest and Kuaranteed; lady attendants
DR. GEOKOE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farre?! £
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th. r. 1. Flood bldg. : extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. *4 50
up; -office hours, it a. m. toft p. m. • Sun<lav<« 1
U to 2. J. W. THATCHER. I...D.S., Manger.' !
EASY Dental Parlors, « Turk Ft., cor. Mason—
_.s.pert painless extractors; skilled operators-
pas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
~or», D. D. S.. proprietor and manarer.
I PEXTISTS— -Continued. /
A NEW plate— rThe Whalebone— cannot break;
¦warranted, 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,. £0c
. plateB.-$5,'full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. • Chicago Dental Parlors, .24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pink ivory plates ; £ see my new
• .unbreakable bridge;- both warranted /lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown; 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr.? Larkin — Paln-
. less ext.j SOc; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1133.
PARIS Dental' Parlors, 2C5 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, ?4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrcll, late of. C Turk st.;
crown and bridge work ; gas specialist. ' '•
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st. : expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, .1841 Polk st. '-'-•¦ '
DRESSMAKERS^
MoDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
I Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
DOG HOSPITALS. ;
DR. CREELY'SC. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^AT^S^S^H^oTr^F^L^CrRrCAlTENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and ¦ shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night.. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, • arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; ,cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
' S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for. the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
! following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.'
I ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; we
had 0 positions last week, paying from $60 to
$75; typewriters free to .shorthand students.
S. F. Business College, 1230 Market st.
1 ACTING, elocution; specialties; Hallet Schocl,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar bulldingj 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1SG4. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Moot thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates . perfected.
¦TARR, expert accountant. 210 Parrott blilg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new CO-page catalogue free. ;305 Larkln' 6t
! SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
; of Languages.320Post;estab'd 1871:ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
j class, $1 month. 1S36 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, EOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth, st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
v etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, r.r. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good i
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 MariKet, nr.lOth;
-Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— nrght class. 424 Pine St.. j
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1SC3; new 80-pase catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
•Call, 16 pages, seni to any. address In the
United FtatPs or Corrida on* year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411 ia O'Farrell st ; tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeais.
Tei. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Office 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RF.LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment OJ-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. 516. :.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:t«»l.Black 5072.
EMPLO Y3IEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation
as a good cook; will do some washing and
go a short distance in the country; with good
reference. 40 Shipley st, .;. ;
WOMAN wishes work by the day after Wed-
nesday; best . ref erences present place. 009
Jackson st. , ¦
SWEDISH girl wishes a place to do general
housework and cooking in American family;
wages from $20 to $25. Box 3741, Call.
DRESSMAKER, just arrived from New York!
wishes work by the day or hour In respect-
able families/ 1325 Octavla St., cor. Geary.
RELIABLE woman as cook or assist In light
housework: Western Addition preferred.
Call at 13-11 Eddy St.; car fare expected.
COMPETENT young girl wishes sepond work
and pewing. Address W., Call branch office,
2200 Fillmore st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper in small family. Apply at 2015
Greenwich st.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing 'to
do at home. 149 Fourth st., room o. ¦ •
SITUATION as laundress! Apply at 2015
Greenwich St. , . .
COMPETENT German woman with 2 younjr
Blrls wants position In the country on a ranch
with Rood family, near a school: only for
cooking pnd general housework; no others
need apply; best ref. 132 Fourth St., room l>.
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
housework cr upstairs work. Call at 23.'l
California ave., between 20th and ,30th sts.
WANTED — By a competent woman, a position
as housekeeper or as attendant on an Invalid;
best of references. Call or address 745A
McAllister #?t.. S. F. No objection to Ala-
moda. Oakland or Berkeley.
DRESSMAKER and tailoress; good fitter anl
designer: understands her business. Box
4102, Call office.
A COMPETENT jrlrl wants situation at second
work; waces $25. Apply at 1S41 Buchanan
St., near Sutter.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires a posl-
tlon; good references. Box 3661, Call, Oak-
land.
GERMAN woman wants cooking or housework
by the day. COO Natoma st.
A YOUNG lady desirea situation to care for
Invalid, or companion; ref. Box 4444. Can.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; freo
bus and baggage to and from . ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 630 McAllister st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established -at .1006
Valencia Et. ¦. , ; ¦».
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
MAN and wife would like to run. a boarding-
house near school; wife good cook; man la
cooper, rough carpenter and : bridge carpen-
ter; have two boys 10 and 6 years old; speak
German and English. H. K., Melrose, Cal.
GERMAN young man, 16 years' experience in
restaurant and hotel work, . In business for
himself last 4 years, desires position of trust;
willing to go. to the country. Box 3739. Call.
STEADY young (man of 12 months' shop ex-
perience wishes position as apprentice in
barber shop; wages $5. Box 4474,' Call.'
WANTED—^Position on ranch by man and wife,
both young-, no incumbrances; cood'pay.
Box 41SS. Call.
STRONG young man, 26, , wants position as
fireman; wages , no object. Addre38 box
41S1. Call office, y . ¦ , ; '.¦'-. : ¦
FARMER and milker wants work.; J. KIECK-
jtft-BUSCH. 711 California st.
COMPETENT, man wishes position as (Station-
ary engineer; can run donkey; steady* work;
country preferred; steady; reliable." Box
4180. Call office. ;
STEADY, reliable young German wishes po-
sition as assistant bartender; has experience
Addross box 4464, Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, strong and willing,
can milk, understands horses and gardening,
handy with Mools, desires work anywhere.
Box 4177. Call office. .
COMPETENT dairyman and general' farmer
wants' position as manager; familiar -with,
milk and creamery business. Box 4461;' Call.
HOTEL and barman desires position • In .. the
¦country with hotel or summer rnsort ;' refer-
Piirw. Address box 41S4, Call office.' . ¦: .
SITUATION, wanted by "ja~panese ; in laundry
pond experience. Address KATSU INAMI
0U5 , Sacramento fit. ' " '•¦ ¦'¦¦\)L
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
* BUSINESS OFFICE of The San ; Francisco
"CelL ctroer of Market and Third streets: open
tmtil 12 o'clock every night Jn the year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open. until 9:30 p. m.
' '/ 300 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
63» McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. — •
: 818 Lerkln street; open until 9:30 p. — .
. 1841 Mission street: open until 10 p. — .
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
cntll 9 x>. m.
• : 106 Ele\-enth street; open until 9 p. m. s
; lOaC Valencia street; ot>en until 9 p. — .
Northwest .corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreeti; open" until 9 p. m.
2200 Fl'.lmore Btreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. j
MISSION~Lodge Ho.i(^,V'7^& A. M. »
. —Called, meeting THIS (SATURDAY) Jfc
''EVENING, at 7Vclock; third degree. Jtjg
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. >V'
ANNUAL' Meeting— Hutchinson Susrar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Fugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market St.. in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
'of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March 1»Q2. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. nw, . for the purpose of electing a board
"of directors to eerve for the ensuing year
.. • and for the transaction of such other busi-
' 'ness as maycome before the meeting. Trans-
¦ f»r book? will close on Friday. March 11,
. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
THJ5 California r>ebris Commission, having re-
, eeived appllcat/ons to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Lonpnecker. in the Taylor
Claim ard Hull Claim Mines, near Genessee.
Plumas Co., ¦ to deposit ' tailings in Indian
' ' TCreek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
•'from the Channel Found Gold Sllnlng Co., In
' their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
posit tailings .in a dry swale below the mine.
'. .rive* notice that a meeting will be held at
' : ¦ rpom 04. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal..
on March 24. 1902. at l:S0 p. m.
•'•-..•''-' ::'„,-•-';¦• AGEyTS WAVrEP>
" WASTED TIME— If you are a flrst-class so-
licitor and wasting your time in some line
not worthy of your ability and >energy, come
to us forenoons. 10 to 12. and we will phow
-you a proposition, the opportunities of which
' ¦ are as broad an your ability. J. S. CAN-
. NON, 313-320 Parrott building.
. WANTED — Salesmen, sal. or com., to sell "The
; • Merchants' Favorite Account File," a new
time ¦ & laborrsav. device; ready seller: no
'. ¦ can. Ad. Fremont File & Spec. Co.. Fremont.
P.. or call on L.W.Gllson. Golden West Hotel
J^^^
£I*LENDID < home open for a brunette girl 2
months old and a blonde blue-eyed boj r 0
month* old.. EMILIE FUNKE. 1416 Eighth
*t.. Alamcda.
WANTED— For adoption, a dark-eyed boy.
bptw*>en 2. and 3 y^ars of age; good borne.
Apply MRS. MEYER. 566 Minna St. I
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted :~Teadings
by trafl If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAw] ~~~~
IX. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
EaE-es, partnerships, attachments, collections,
«"tc. : lesal papers drawn: consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
. ADVICE free ; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet; |
1 ..' no rharre -without success; established 10 yrs. 1
'¦ G. W^HOWE. S50 Market st...cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
~. DAVIDSON. 027 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURfeTON. S19 Maiket at.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Itft'rt.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
. UICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
eft thing out; agency Columbla.Monarch.oth-
erg; repairing, tx-lls. pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
. WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 154«3 Market st..bet.Sth&9th.
KOU CHILDREX.
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children with lady with-
out children. 36 Brady, off Market, nr. 12tb.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
eunny yard;phone; nr.school. 1607 Calif o. nla.
BOOKS— SEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS cf ail kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BL'SIAESS CHAIVCES. ~
A— $300; RESTAURANT and 'chop-house; rent
$20; pood place; 1 block south of Market st.
Can R. G. WILKE, 26 V4 Kearny st.
A — $1400; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th «ts.; net rent $40; good paying business,;
fstab. years. R, G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — $2500; CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle ; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2<>» / 4 Kearny st. ' '
A— $4000; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; established years; rent $20; ttock of
first-class merchandise; will invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
Eition. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — $350; SALOON and dance hall on Kearny
Ft-; .1 living rooms and kitchen; rent $33.
Particulars at R. G. WILKE'S. 20% Kearny.
. A— $S00; BEST located saloon on water front;
¦ • elegant fixtures and a flrst-class paying- busi-
ness; rent $10; investigate and you will find
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26 V4 Kearny.
A— JS50; CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$16; ¦ surrounded by planing mills, lumber
yards nnd railroad Ehope; clearing above $100
per month. Call It. G. WILKE, 2tfVj Kearny.
A— SS50; HARDWARE and crockery store with
• plumbing ehop; on Fourth st., near Market;
sood business; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE,
2Cli Kearny tt.
SOME barrains— McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
:H".'O — Restaurant & oy«ter house; good.cheap.
fl-'&O— JJestaurant: good location; 10 more res-
• laurant*. $200— Saloon; $i00, $C00 $1200 ea-
lucnn. gl7!>, $225. $500 cigar stores.
LOOK out, laundrymen'. Eteam laundry; part
for nale; jjood chance. McBRIDE 81 CO.
7O.*t Market et. ; phone Red 3433.
fj*5 — CIGAR store. In good condition. Mc-
• BRIDE A CO.. 7C5 Market st.
A,~?ALOONS; CO to eelect from $350 up
: , Cigar stands 225 up
'.I>«'llcary stores ', . . 250 up
Orrvvries and bars 3.V) up
Ondy factories and stores 1100 ud
__KftASKY & CO., 1019A Market st.. room 10.
A SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY ~ ~
To open a cash grocery store on prominent
established transfer corner In Oakland; ele-
gant fixtures, cost nearly $1000; entire rent
Ponly $25 month; see to-day.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
J ' - 460 and 462 Eighth et.. Oakland.
KCALT & CARR, C Eddy st.. San Francisco.
room* 18 and 19: phone James 2771 — We cell
nil kinds of business opportunities, city and
¦country real estate. Call or write for our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
•A— <0 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500'
profits «2 to $8 dally; rents $6 to $125 month.
1 can sen you a Hrst-class eland at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 4S1-462 Parrott building.
' FOneale— $C00: cream City Bakery, restaurant
«n«l lodging; the only bakery in Ferndale; no
bakery within 20 miles; supply three other
towns with bread; ill health cause of selling-
rood, chance for the right party. Address
"<. r<»am City Bakery," opp. Postoffice, Fern-
oale, Cal. .
01 \ R New Alternating System of turf specula^
tion is the easreet and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO
__ Expert Handlcappere, 113 Stockton st. •
BILLS notefi. etc., collected in all parts of the
world. Cal. Commercial Guaranty Co 184
Crocker building.
CATT5 NOME — Owing to the pressure of other
»iUElnt*s the owner cf a rich claim, 660x1320
feet, adjoinln* Dexter Creek, offers rare bar-
gain; assessment work done: title perfect'
P *f tlculars TOMLINSON (k
CO.. 408 California st. . *^
PARTNERSHIP Interest In wholesale Jobbing
and manufacturing business; well estab-
lished; competent business man necessary to
i^*Si Cti ? e t, r!art: cavital required. $10,000 to
FJj.OOO; full investigation; principals only
_ Adft-egs boa 4175. Call office.
IK you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
• rcent. write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws)-
« limited number of shares at $100 each V*
g. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st.
fiW-PARTNER Jn No. 1 cash business;
rlear* $200 per month; genuine bargain P
B. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny 6t
. TOH sale cheap— Old-established business-
<-hance of lifetime for tailor; going . out of ',
business; low rent; Al location. 354 Geary.
MECHANICS' board and lodging house for i
taio. Box 44C0. Call. I
6ALOON. corner lot, property, etock and fix-
tures for fcalp'or rent; opposite railroad depot I
in Paso Roblesr. Address JOHN G. ENGEL
Paso Rcblri". Cal.
¦JTAN'TED— Elthrr to sell or buy a Email Iaun-
<5ry route. S*ox 44S0. Call.
DELICACY and liquor. store; must be sold- no
'¦ rcr.rAx i?7 nrn^/>rir-V c» '
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
AT C. H.' HANSEN & CO.'S ... 1104 Geary 6t.
WANTED FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK.
STATE OF NEVADA.
. : 500 railroad laborers /.."........ . . ..$2 a day
500 railroad teamsters ...... .'.....$2 a day
100' rockmen ..$2 a day
20 stonemasons .$4 a day
.-' ; 5 ; blacksmiths ...:............. .".$3 a day
1 blacksmith's helper ....$2 25'a' day
FREE FARE 3". SHIP DAILY
SHIP DAILY FREE FARE
.......... .7 A TRACK GANG
FOR NEVADA ...SHIP TO-DAY
, FREE. FARE FREE FARE
100 tunnelmen ........ $2. $2 50 and $3 a day
FOR CHATS WORTH PARK.. SHIP DAILY
FREE FARE. ..FREE FARE, ..FREE FARE
...... . . . . FOR CALIFORNIA .... : . . . . . .
f ' SECTION GANG. .
SHIP'TO-DAY FREE FARE
20 farmers, Napa, Santa Clara, Butte...$3O
Man and wife about place' resort $50
. ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
< Bookkeeper, flrst-class hotel: cooks, waiters,
¦.'porters, bell-boys and-, kitchen help; all-
round laundryman.
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104 Geary. 8t.
A— MURRAY «&. READY..... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A.M...
Horseshoer, camp, near city $2 50 day
Blacksmith for camp $65
Wagonmaker and wood worker, camp, $2 50
clay; fireman, $2 25 day; furnace man for
mine, $65: 2 tinners. .$3 day
MILKERS— SEE BOSS HERE
j 0 milkers, . same dairy, .north, $.'{5 and found,
see boss here 9 a. m. to-day: 5 laborers, near
city, no experience, $34 and found; 6 laborers,
fare 70c, $60; 3 milkers, city, $35; 12 milkers,
different country dairies, $30 and ¦ $35 and
found; 15 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
$26 and found ;'5 pruners, orchard and vine-
yard,'. $26 and $30; 40 woodchoppers. cheap
fares to this camp, I good timber, big wages,
"SOc to $2 cord, 10c to 15c,' ties.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
.Cook, small hotel, 45c fare,', $40 and found;
cook, small bakery,, country. $40 and found;
2 night and and oyster cooks; 6 cooks, $10
and $50; waiter for Nevada; 7 waiters, other
places; baker's helper: elevator boy, $12.
: MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S, 610 Clay st.
Man and wife, .private, place, country. .. .$40
.' Blacksmith and shoe, country shop $50
Driver for delivery wagon. $50
Experienced wine cellar man.
. 2 Eastern farmers ....'. ..$25
6 farmers and plow hands i .$30
3 milkers, Oregon $30, fare paid
Milker for Northern California .$30
German farmer for vineyard. 520
Cook, boarding-house, country..; $35
Buttermaker and milk. $35
House man who can cook. $25
2 woodchoppers SI 50 a cord
Fireman for dredger...... $40 and board-
. TO GO TO-DAY
10 laborers, sawmill, R. R. $26
4 choppers, same place $45
3 barkers, same place 535
THREE carpenters, country, $3 50 a- day:
¦ farmers for .Napa, Sonoma and Santa Clara
counties, $25 and found; milker and wife,
$60; 4 laborers, for company work, $20 and
found ; 2 blacksmiths, $40 and $50 and
found: lumber, sorter, $60; choreman, for
country, $25 and found; cooks, waiters and
others." J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. . .
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st.
Waiter, hotel, city, $30; waiter, country, $25;
young man for country restaurant, $15 . to
$20; elevator boy. $13; middle-aged man to
run elevator and tend to offices. $25; etc.
WANTED — An errand boy. 14. or 15 years of
. age; large manufacturing concern; light
duties; godd pay; must reside with parents
and hav& satisfactory references as to hon-
esty and respectability. Address "B," Call.
WANTED— Boss spinner and carder for a
six-set woolen mill in California; state
age, experience, married or single. Address
box 4471. . Call of flee. S. F.
YOUNG man to learn . the practical side of
electrical engineering and construction busi-
ness; must have $1000 to Invest, at good in-
terest, with best of security. Box 4476. Call..
WANTED— A steady man with $100 for a
plain, everyday business that will pay about
$70 per month; steady place; experience not
required. Apply 1016 Market St.. room la
ELDERLY man. strictly sober and honest, as
night clerk In lodging-house. $15 month and
room; no board. Box 4472, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS architectural draughtsman:
state experience and wages. W. E. WARE
Salt Lake City. >
BARBERS— I want to buy a 2. or 3 chair shop
in city or nearby town; must be first-class.
Address box 4479, Call office. ,
BARBER — Steady for short hours; call to-day.
708 McAllister, st.
BARBER— For Saturday evening and Sunday.
307 McAllister.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $5. 611
Castro st. ¦ - ¦
WANTED— A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. Sunset barber shop, 626 Market.
PANTS and vest maker for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED — Man familiar with paper stock cut-
tlng at 144 Union Square ave.
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter man; with re£
erences. BREUSS' Cafe,. 70 Third st.
YOUNG • man to go on road ; plenty of hard
work. Box 4478. Call.
DISHWASHER for restaurant; must under-
stand some cooking; $C a week. 126 Ninth.
B blx 3740° r Can work ' a S« d 1S to 1J> - A PP>y
WANTED— A bed maker; middle-aged man.
Call bet. 10 and 11, 614 Kearny.
WANTED— Flrst-class bartender at 16 Post
St.; references required.
YOUNG man as night dishwasher. 1201 Flll-
• more st., corner Turk. , ¦
BUTCHER wanted at the Golden West Hotel.
O.S-76 Ellis Bt.
Al DRAUGHTSMAN: steady job. Apply
¦METER & O'BRIEN, architect. Chronicle
building..
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corns., U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
i C n 2 r . a h ter V h / tween tnoatfesof 21 and 35; not
loss than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
< Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Offlco. 40 Ellin St.. San Francisco. -
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand: only requlreH S weeks; tools donated'
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LKGE, 035 Clay, st. - . •
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third »t. : 150 lar»te
¦ rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed-
catalogue mailed free; discount this month
Gordon's Barber College, I^os Angeles, Cal.
BARBER shop In outskirts of. town; living
rooms attached; cheap. B. STOLTZ 7'5
Market st.
WANTED — Young man in tin shop; learn
trade; aged 10.. Apply between 7 and 5) at
533 Mission st. ,. .--» •¦-¦-;
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
- ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms-
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— Apprentice boy, about 16, to learn
blacksmith trade. Box 4194. Call.
3 ARCHER . barber chairs ¦ for sale cheap. 323
i Grant ave. ...
WANTED— 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
PHARMACIST . who understands telegraphy •
wages. $60 and room. Address box 66 San
Andreas. Cal. . * . .
Wanted— Long straw collar makers; also one
l e T W J I ifJ£ a ; r Ch i ne hand t0 work on collars. P.
SHARKEY & SON, Portland, Or.
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man • with
some cash; no experience :necessary; $13 to
glo week; steady place. Brown, 1221 Market.
WANTED — First-class ' ladles' ' tailor: steady
work; $25 a week. \ P. VERDIER. 984 Geary.
F^RR^g O .; P 54i S 1Sa?g e t ; sf • : BELASC5:
EDUCATED man;' knowledge real estate, want-
.... ed ; cash bond. : Box 4449. Call office.
WANTED — Young man with $250: tend cash
:> restaurant ; $60 month. BROWN, 1221 Market*
WANTED— A' competent printer to take charge
; of a printing office. Address box 4456. CalL
WANTED— A good errand boy with references
; Call at Baron's. Ladles' Tailor. 24 Grant ave!
BARBERS — Two chair country shop for sale.
* 1 106 Ellis St. I , l : ¦¦ -¦.¦¦-
FOR- sale — 2-chair barber shop; good location*
reason for. selling, leaving city. Call 70 1 '
v: Howard St. ¦¦ * ; , ¦•'..,¦ ' -,. •
AT 630 Market St.— Ex-soldiers to file extra
pay claims, etc. O. E..HOWE. >¦¦
WANTED— Boy for wholesale.: Address. 1 stat-
• ing apre^and experience, box 4182, Call office.'
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, carpenters; and sea-
men for ships, at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
EXTRApay nowdueU.S. '.Volunteers. /Call
; or write Sherwood. 'pension atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
BOc up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th!
YOUNG men ' to ' learn barber trade : catalogue
. v mailed.;- S. F.' Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty., A. Bulll9.-,3, 40,"Phel_rI ,Lectures on the Tjan Religion.
FOREIGN POHT.
VICTORIA, :B C— Arrived March 14-JH B M
Btmr Phii»tpn, from Honolulu; Br etmr Trader,
Friday, March 14.' .
Schr James A Garfleld, McCarron.. 8 days
from WilUra Harbor. ¦.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN, 12 MIDNIGHT:
French bark. • • •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Joseph J. Tobin, ftn employe of the
Union Iron Works, was 'arrested • last
night on a charge of burglary. He occu
pied a room in the same house wjth Dan
iel St, Cl&lr. an employe of the Risdon
jlron Works, at 788 Illinois street. Tobin
[went home at noon, yesterday | and when
St, Clair returned at night he claimed
that $30 that he had left in his room was
mlpslng and caused the ' arrest of Tobin.
The latter had. about $30 on him when
taken into custody. . .
The redWence of Isador Rosenthal, 313
Franklin street, was entered by burglars
between 6 and 7 o clock last night, and a
quantity of female. wearing, apparel,- in
cluding a mink cape, was stolen. ¦
Accuses Tobin of Burglary,
THE HAGUE. March 14.— Princess
Alice of Albany started for. Potsdam to
day. Gossip connects her visit with the
reports of the coming- betrothal of the
Princess to the Crown Prince of Germany,
Frederick William.
Princess Alice as a Fiancee.
Fire Destroys Valuable Property.
WINSLOW. 111.. March 15.— Fire early
this morning destroyed "two blocks "o£
buildings In the business part of thia city.
The bank, postoflice, fifteen business
houses and several private residences
were entirely consumed. The loss is $125,
ooo. •
the tragedy. Goldstein had eonc out for
a few hours' shooting back of the town.
Another sanitary measure will bo the
Introduction of Individual drinking cup»
as a^preventlve against spread of dfi
ea»e. Vvhlch hais been recommended by
Health Ofllcer O'Brien, and the utilization
of filtered water for drinking purposes.
Roncovieri will introduce resolutions on
the subject at next week's meeting of the
Board of Education.- ;
LONDON, March 14.— The failure is an
nounced of L-ord Francis Hope. The pe
titioning creditor's claim wag £4000.
Lord Francis #op« a Bankrupt,
SACRAMENTO, March 14.— It la under
stood that Governor Gage will in a day or
two make known the appointment of John
Mackenzie of San Jose as Harbor Com
missioner at- San Francisco, to succeed
Rudolph Herold. ,
Herold's Tenure Hearing End.
PARKERSnURO, W. Va.; March 14.—
Seized with Huddan luunniiy, Lafe Yer
key of FH»t, DoderldgB County, last night
burieda hntchot In hl».wifc r B head and
ehoulders and then beat her brains- out
with a poker. After killing her he cut
his own throat with a razor and although
still alive ho will die. Ho. is violent in
spite of his injuries and has to be held
with ropes.
ICills Wife and Attempts Suicide
Juneau Merchant Killed.
SEATTLE, March \ 14.— The' steamer
Cottage City to-day brought down from
Juncau tho body of William Ooldateln, a
merchant of Junrv.u and formerly a resi
dent of Seattle, who was killed near Ju
neau on March 8 by the accidental dis
charge of a. shotgun. No ona wltneased
Bchool Director Roncovieri Is determined
that tho public achool children ahull have
full opportunity to keep clean. With. that
end -In vlow, ' Itoncovleri, us chairman of
tho (supply committee, purchased 1000
yards of Jincn yesterday to be cut up into
towola, besides Hcven.il Hundred pounds ot
soap for tho pupll«. The Director Is con
ferring with thti Health Board regarding
the artvlBablllty of the innovation.
Director Roncovieri Propos«3 Some
Innovations in Department, Includ
ing Individual Drinking Cups.
BOAP AND TOWULS FOB
> ;. PUBLIC SCHOOL PTTPILS
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS..
FRIDAT. March 14—4 p. t*.
Bld.Aak. Bid.A«k.
Alpha — «8 Justice 09 10
Xlta 0* °fl Kentuck .... 01 02
Andes C4 OSjLady Wash . — 04
Belcher ©« OT M«xlcan .... 20 30
Best & Bel... 22 23 Occidental .. 08 OS
Bullion. 02 0.1 Ophir 05 *;
Caledonia .. 4.1 " 43 Overman .... 10 XI
Chal Con 20 22 Potosi 11 53
Chollar 09 Id Savasce ;. 03 *M
Confidence . . SH AS Scorpion .... — ot
C C tc Va....t 25 1 M Se«r Belcher . — 01
Con Imperial — 01 Sierra Nev.. 14 IS
Con N Y..\.. 01 C2 Silver Hill... U 87
Crown Point OS 00 St. Louis .. — TO
Eureka Con .18 — Syndicate ... — C«
Exchequer .. — . 02 Union Con .. 94 25
Gould & Cur. 00 lit Utah W 0."
Hals ft Nor.. 2S SOlTcl Jaelut.. 1* X
Julia — Oil
1000 B«st * Bel... 22 500 Totoa! ....... \\
100 Caledonia.... *'i 300 Sava«e ...... m
250 Con Cal & Val 27 fSl>0 Sierra Ner. . a
300 Mexican 28 200 Union Con... SS
300 Best & Bel... 23 000 Ophir ...... M
100 Caledonia.... 43 . 300 Potosi ...... Xt
200 Caledonia .... <2' 2D0 81«rra N«y.. 14
100 Con Cal & Val 27 200 Silver Hill... 0C
' 200 Mexican SO 200 Union Con.. IS'
200 Ophlr 97 SOO Tel Jacket.. 17
150 Ophlr OO
Morning Seaaion,
200 Btat * Hcl.. 22; 100 Ophlr ...... 91
800 Cba.UenK« ... 21! 10U Overman .... 0t>
SOO Gould * Cur. 10 1 10O 81«rra K«r.. M
100 Mexican 2a 1 100 Y»t J»ckot.. IT
Afternoon Seaaion.
600 Belcncr 00 MO Ophlr u
S00 Bertt A Bel.. Vi SOO Ophlr M
000 Caledonia ... 4.1 200 8ava<» 05
000 Crown Point. 05 100 Sierra N«».. 14
300 Halo U Hat.. 29 SOO Union Con.. 94
150 Mexican .... SO 1OO T«l J«ci-*t.. w
Th« following were the aales in the Padflo
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Soaaton
MXKINOJTOCK8.
Th* followlnu wera th« mIm In tilt San
Franclaco Stock and Exchang* Doard yeater
Mornlnr Session. • ¦
Board —
200 Home 8 89
100 Home, a 00 a 8fl
1000 Lion 07
20 Peerleaa 4 BO
1000 Petroleum Center Off
2SO Reed Crudo 3s
v 100 Bterltnc i m
000 Sterling, ¦ 80 ..,,, 2 13
Afternoon Beailon.
1 Board—
100 Home. ¦ 00 a ffl
3«> Horn* a as
600 8i»rlln*. b «0 \ i~vi
PRODUCERS* Oil* EXCHANGE.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 14,— Klro'enrly
to-doy practically deatroyed tha flve-atory brick
bull'llnir ocnuplfd by tho Hundall Mattrowa
Company. l»aa »B0,0Wi. Philip 8top«l, foro
m«n, Jumped from a third-floor window. Me
«uffercd * broken Id and wua otherwise in*
Jurmi.
PHILADELPHIA,. March 14.— The r«flnlngr
bultdlnar of the Indiana Refining Company,
manuftu'turor* of cocoa butter, wa» deatroyed
by rtre thin morning. There were 100,000 pound*
of oil in tha building. Lo»» fUO.COu; fully In
iurad,
NEW YORK. March H.~ Norman B, Dike,
who was appointed Bherllt of Klnsa -County by
Governor Odell when the Governor removed
Charlea Ouden. ejexted Guden to-day from the
rooma occupied by him In the 8herlrt'a' offlce,
Ouden mads no renlatanes.
NEW YORK; March 1*.~ J. P. Korean " &
Co authorized a denial to-day of the report
that they are negotiating; a loan for $12,500,000
or any other amount for the Chilean Govern
ment.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
"Within a few days a corps of expert
bookkeepers and accountants sent out by
the Baltimore syndicate .will arrive here
from the East. On their .arrival they will
at once start In on the work of framing
a complete new set of books for the Mar
ket-street Railway Company, so that
when the syndicate takes charge on
March 28 there will be no confusion in the
keeping of the Recounts.
Attorney Atterbury of New York is
still busy making final arrangements for
the stockholders' meeting, which will take
place npxt Wednesday.
All the representatives of the Baltimore
syndicate in this city refuse to divulge the
name of the head ofllcial who will repre
eent the syndicate In this city. To all
questions about changes in the manage
ment of the road the reply ia made "that
there will be no changes for eorne time."
Prepared to Start Brand New
Set of Books. •
Baltimore Syndicate's Bopkkeepers
EXPERT ACCOUNTANTS
v^i'Si ¦ ABE EXPECTED DAILY
NEW WESTTERN HOTEL
M S Jlmcen. Manila
r Lajte, Ventura
P W Calbrick. B C
C M Cundlff, Mo
C Noeske. Astoria
E D Eekaxd & w, B C
|) Hitchcock & w. N Tt
'5 A Edwards A w.N if
Mlsa L Edwards, N Y
t A Hayes & w. Wash
"V Burgans & w, Was>i
T A Devary, B C
8 ricreneen. Wls
r Johnson, Fresno
C E Lay. Idaho ;
J J. Lynch, Nev '
R- Berterands, L Ang
\V H Kennedy, L An*
? F Sannks. Visalia
Mrp E Fish. L Ang
G W Dlnsmore, L An<r
J M Austin, w & 3 c,
Chicago
E J Pierce, Nebr
F A Anker. Ontario
I H Taylor & w, Colo
H L Vellne. Md
V J Edwards. Oakland
A Bird, Everett
J G Burger. Everett
G R Walker. Haywrdu
W C Bell. Kins City
T R Countryman. Colo
V B Wllllan-.a, Oakland
W H Dlekes. Nebr
I. .Woodland. Wis
HOTEL , ABBIVALS.
SANTA ROSA. March 14.— The prospective
couteat In the estate ef the late Warren Green
of Preston, who died last ia 11 leaving much
property, was settled to-day, when Mrs. Stella
Green, the widow, filed her formal notice of
acceptance of the $20,000 left to her by th«
will.
LOS ANGELES. March 14..— William Kelly,
charged with having held up and robbed E.
E. Powers, a well-known Attorney, waa found
guilty to-day. Kelly will be aentenced on Man*
day, and It la believed that hla prior conviction
of a felony will give him a life sentence lor his
last offense.
- PASADENA. Mareh W.— The elty Is to have
a $73,000 Young Men's Christian Association
building, it the plans of publlc-aptrtted citizen*
meet tucoe«M. Money Is being raised by popu
lar •ubacrtption. Everybody ia hdpin* th*
project, the young ladle* having started a
chain-letter aobacrlptlon syateni which ia bring.
\nii in many dimea.
SANTA BARBARA, March - 14.— Thomas
Badger, a carpenter, was Arrested here this
afternoon by Constable Stornl of this city and
Detective Steele of Los Angeles. He is charged
with complicity in the series of holdups la Los
Angeles a few months ago.
MONTEREY, March 1*. — Mayor R. F. John
son of this city has been appointed appraiser
of the • Monterey County property of the late.
Mrs. E. G. V. Cooper of San Francisco. The
property probably will aggregate more than
f l.OOO.OCQ in value.
MONTEREY, March 14.— A large mountain
lion was killed on the Murray ranch, near Point
Sur, this week by W. S. Portler of Bur. The
animal measured seven feet eight and a half
inches from tip to tip and had a splendid pelt.
NAPA, Mareh 14. — The stone building
housing the Napa Free Library, the gttt of
George E. Goodman, is completed. At a public
meeting In the opera-house last night title was
transferred to tte city. • |
SEATTLE, March 14. — l*he buildings of the
Pacific Wagon Company, at the .corner of Third
avenue South and Lane street, were ruined by
fire early this morning. . The damage will reach
a total of $20,000, I
VALLEJO. March 14.— The auxiliary hospi
tal at the navy yard has been completed and
is now In use. It will accommodate fifty
beds and will be reserved for contagious dis
eases. . • - •'/
VALLEJO. Mareh 14.— An order has been
received In the steam .engineering department
to construct two more boilers .for Manila. This
will make fifteen orders here for Manila this
year.
JAMESTOWN. March 14.— During a fight in
Stent last night James Martin stabbed Gilbert
Heney three time* with a knife, ; inflicting
wounds that are believed to be fatal.
SANTA ROSA. March 14. — Clarence Oollin3,
arrested at Geyservllle for burglary, has been
held to appear for trial. Collins Is an ex
soldier, having served in the^ Philippines.
PAN JOSE. March 14.— Manuel Bos* pleaded
guilty to-day to shooting quail out of season
and paid a fine of $230.
ALONG THE COAST
"On the Levee," Madeline Lakenan: "Mexl
ciir. Butterfly," Vivian Peterson; "Spanish
¦Castanet," ensemble; fling. Clare Fisher;
cocoanut dance. Vera Litz; Irish lilt. Gladys
-Cordy; waltz clog. Glady3 Hendy; up-to-date
lltUe Ruth Magulre; sleigh ballet, ensemble';
nsher's reel. Ivy Lyons; "La Cachuca," Inez
Rodriguez; "Coming Thro' the Rye," Jrens
Jo/hnscn; "Our Crackerjack," Reyna Belasco;
eon*, "Ain't Tiiat a Shame." Hazel ott; pre
mier dancer. Rena Whelan: TerDPichorean ar
tist, Sam Smoot: hornpipe. Hazel Dodge,- Jjg
and reel, ensemble; "Frolic of the Coon," Vera
Alborell; buck and .wing. Hazel Ott; waltz
clojr, Eddie Litz; "La Manola." Master Lorenz
Hltzeroth and Norma Browell; the "Bunch,"
ensemble; fascination. Hazel Dugan: nsher's
hornpipe. Ro>' Rcjcers; Highland fling, Marian
Murra: Polish dance, Veva Anderson; £pecial-
Uts, Carro True Boardman.
• The children will ¦ produce "Cinderella,"
a fairy spectacle in two acts. In the cast
are Eddie LHz; Veva Anderson, Mary
Weddle, JLester Felling, Roy Rogers, Vic
tor Killick, Marian Murray, Carro True
Boardman, Hazel Dodge,- Pearl Hickman,
Irene Johnson, Nellie Ingram, Hazel Du
gan, Marie Coffey, Lizzie Rolapps and
Myrtle Belasco. Incidental to the play
specialties will be given by Margaret
Rolph and Reyna Belasco.
The second part of the programme is as
fallows: '
The pupils of Professor O'Brien's Danc
ing Academy will give an entertainment
this afternoon in the Alhambra. • Theater.
There* are some clever performers among
the children. Little Reyna Belasco will
glye an exhibition of her wonderful buck
and wing dancing. The sale of seats is
large and a big attendance is anticipated
Pupils of Professor O'Brien's Acad
emy Will Appear This Afternoon
at the Alhambra. ¦
CLEVEB YOTJNG DANGEBS
TO GIVE AN EXHIBITION
John Lang went into John Ceresoto's
saloon last night while intoxicated and
held up the barkeeper with a razor. He
was afterward captured and taken to the
City Prison. He was fined for drunken
ness in the Police Court this morning.
OAKLAND, March It— Policeman Turn
er caught a runaway robber last night
after a lively chase. Turner had been sta
tioned in the California Fruit Preserving
Company's warehouse at First and Myrtle
streets to apprehend thieves who have
been getting away with a lot of canned
goods lately. The thieves showed up svt
midnight and Turner made for them. He
struck his head against a door as he went
out of the building, but kept up the chase.
After running a block he overtook Bert A.
Gross and arrested him. Gross' compan
ion was captured later by Officer Sherry,
to whom he gave the name of Louis Shir
ley.
Fleet of Foot in a Midnight
Chase.
POLICEMEN CAPTUBE ; .
- TWO BUHTAWAY THIEV£S
Officer Turner Shows Himself to Be
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. ..11214112% 4s qr c (new)130Vil3Uft
4s qr res 111^111% 3s qr coup. .108% 100 'm
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W Co. 7«%103 OcSSCo Sm.WT^ —
Bay CPC Os.107 108 j Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5a... .110}i .. IPa*cGIm49. «3% —
C Costa 5s.. — 111ft Pk&C H Cl.107 —
Ed L&P 6s.. — — TkAO R Os.117 120
Fer&C II 6s.H0 — Pwl-st R «s.H7 —
' Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR Bs. 95% 07
H C&S 5%s. — — S F & SJV5s.123Vj124>/5
Do5> 00% — Sierra CalCn.lOSViHO
L Ane R 5s. 121 — S P of A 6s
X.ALC06S. — — <190») . U&K —
Do gtd 6s. — ' — (1910) 114% USM
Do «td 6s. — !<»}, S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 102 104 <100r.>f«r A. 109 100%;
Do lcm 5s. 102 — (l!)u&)Sr BJ10 "HOfe
ilkt-st C 6s. 120% — UOOfi) 112% —
Do lcm 5».119% - fl912) . „ .122 $4.1221,
N R of C 6s. 111% — BP«f C»l 1st
Do 6s .....123% 123% c Kntd 5R..120 —
N Pac C 58.108y*10Sft Do stmpd.ni% —
N Cal K 5s. 112% — SP Br Caifc 14.0 —
Oak Gas 5s.tl5 — S V "Wat «s. — 111«
Oak Trn 6S.122H — r Do 4s 102%10Sfc
Do 1st c5b.H1 % — Do 4s 3dm. 101 *i —
Oak W G Ss.102 103 ' Stkn Gas Os.102 104
¦WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77% 78 Port Costa .. t3% OT
MartnCo 67 — Bprlnj Vm».. — J2S
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent X> * P. 2% — P«c Light... <5 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% .3% Sac E GARC 23 31
Mutual . — 3 S F G t £. 45 4& Vi
! O G L & H. 57 60 SPOLCO..H-
Fac O Imp. .33 40 Stktn O * JE 8 —
INSURANCE.
FirenT* TrAXSl ZKJ
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. S8% — L P & A... .168 170
California ..422 — Mer Ex ttlq). Ml* —
Cal Safe Dpwinti — S P Nationl.137% —
First Nationl — — •
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....19?5 2200 Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.325 —
Mutual Sav. 78 80 . Union Trust. — 2200
:S F Sav U..51S —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..165 175 Market »%10»
Geary — 65 ' Presidio ..^. — 50
POWKER.
; Giant ....... «0% 81 Vieortt ...„ S *
SUGAR.
Hana 3U 3% KHauea .... 9U —
\ Hawaiian .. 37% 40 Makawell ... 25 2W{
Honokaa ... 11% — Onomea .... 24 2SM
Hutchinson . — 13% Paauhfeu . _ 11% 12 h
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 1«4% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cat Fruit As. 97% 98 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 09%100 Par Paint ..18 —
Oceanic S Co 39 41
Morning Session.
Board —
10 California Fruit Canners... _.„ 97 50
15 Cal Sale Deposit.. .....117 23
125 Equitable Gas ............. .a 75
40 Giant Powder Con 80 2»
20 3 V Water, cash 92 2*
S10.000 Northern Ry of Cal Ss 123 69
Street—
(1000 Hawaiian C & S Co Ss 99 SO
! I2OOO S F & S J V bonds .123 75
Afternoon Session.
10 Contra. Costa. Water., "77 75
10 Contra Costa Water, b 10....... 7T 75
¦25 Giant Powder Con 80 6O
{Hi Oceanic S S Co S3 50
10 Oceanic S S Co m4 sa 00
10 Paauhan S P Co.: 12 cc
10 S F Gas & Electric Co :.... 45 i(O
50 S V Water..... B2 00
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds ..101 80
FRIDAY, March 14—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
All stocks were quiet on the morning Mis
sions, and prices showed no changes worthy
of note.
The assessment of 10c on Nevada Oil Com
pany was delinquent yesterday.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The first grand ball of the Union LaNnr
party, under the auspices of the executive
committee, win be given in KIntracht
Hall, on Twelfth street, on Saturday, th«
29th inst. Two gold watches will be
awarded to the most popular union gen
tleman and lady.
Union Labor Party Ball.
What effect this sale will have upon
other independent canners who had given
Hunt Brothers contracts for cans is not
known. Work on the new plant has been
stopped and all of the workmen dis
charged. The Hunts admit the sale of
their plant to tho trust.
The Hunts went into the market this
year and managed to purchase a lot of
tin. They then began the construction of
a large can plant at the foot of Oak
street, doubling their capacity and taking
a lot- of' contracts from the canning com
panies that are not in the combine.
The success of the Hunt Brothers in
getting their new can plant in working
order brought the trust to time, and it
has now purchased the factory that men
aced them. The sale price is said to be
$30,000, with a guarantee upon the part of
thjs trust that the Hunts win be able to
purchase cans for five years at a rate of
?2 a thousand less than the market price,
they agreeing to keep out of the can man
ufacturing business for. ten years.
Hunt Brothers, when they started to
fight the California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation, found themselves also fighting the
American TJan Company, which was in
harmony with the Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation. They also found themselves un
able to get cans on as. favorable terms as
the opposition combination, and they
were decidedly handicapped. They then
established a small can plant in Oakland
and managed to get a little tin and manu
facture a few cans for their own use.
The only opposition of any importance
that has developed to the American Can
Company, otherwise the "tin can trust,"
has been absorbed. The factory that was
in course of construction in Oakland oy
Hunt Brothers has been purchased by tha
American Can Company, and the trust is
now in supreme control of the situation
as far as tin cans are concerned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, March H.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Times says the Governor of Moscow and
the Minister of the Interior, M. Slpla
guine, have strongly urged that the »>J
students who were arrested recently in
Moscow should be deported to Siberia,
but that owing to the mild counsels of
the Minister of Education only fifteen or
the students go to Siberia, while the
ethers will be banished to various towns
and villages In Russia.
LONDON. March 13. — Cabling from
Odessa Sunday, March 9, the correspond
ent of the Standard says that the arrest
yesterday of a group of students bearing
red flags led to an attempted rescue ami
a. riot occurred, during which, it is ru
mored, a policeman and a rioter were
killed. One hundred and si::ty arrests
have been made and troops now patrol
the city to prevent a recurrence of the
disorder. . ; .
The cases of William Buckley, convicted
of murder in the first degree, and Charles
Donnelly, convicted of murder In the sec
ond degree, werp 'called before Judge
Lawlor yesterday morning on the motions
for a new trial and judgment was re
served till next Friday. The case of Mo
ran, another defendant, will be called this
mornins. ': ,v ;.
Detective Timothy J. Bailey then testi
fied to conversations he had with Duncan
after his arrest which were corroborative
of the statement made by the defendant
to Levings. The trial will be resumed
Monday.
Walter J. Fiatt was as positive as his
daughter Erline, who testified Thursday,
that Buckley was the man who fired the
shots into Rice's prostrate form. •
The importance of Wuth's testimony
was shown when W. H. Levings, a clerK
at police headquarters, was called and
testified as to a statement made to him
by Duncan the morning after the mur
der. In that statement Duncan said that
he had served drinks to Buckley, Moran
and Donnelly about 4 o'clock on the after,
noon of the murder: that «he left them
about 5 o'clock and took a car to go to
Twentieth and Howard streets to call
upon a friend; that he heard the shooting
and saw the 1 men running away, but did
not know them. .' ?:•¦;.
Wuth testified that about 6:20 o'clock
on the evning of October 11 he was look
ing 1 out of a window in his home at the.
corner of Lafayette and Howard streets
when he saw Duncan walking backward
and forward. He went outside the house
and Duncan' beckoned to him to cross the
street. Duncan told him, after they had
talked for a few minutes about the strike,
that_he was waiting for Rice. Two ot
three cars passed while they were talking.
Duncan finally hailed and boarded a car,
the presumption being that some one on
it had signaled to liim. The "witness said
another striking machinist named Stew
art could corroborate this statement
Wuth said he had gone to Hollister after
the shooting as he did not wish to ap
pear as a witness in the. case.
There was a surprise in store yesterday
for the defense at the trial of Edward
Duncan, charged with the murder of
George W. Rice, a non-union machinist}
at' the corner of Twentieth and Howard
streets, October 11. A new and important
witness, Charles C. Wuth, who at the
time of the murder was a striking ma
chinist, gave testimony of a damaging
character.
Fifteen Young Men Sent to
Sib3ria acd Others
in Peril.
for Rice on Evening
of Murder.
Says That Prisoner Waited
Special Concession Is Made
vl to Them by Purchasing
Hunt Brothers Dispos9
of Their Factory to
th e Combine. •
Two Lives Are Lost in a
Lively Conflict in
Odessa.
Charles 0/ Wuth Gives
Important Testimony
for Prosecution.
STUDENTS STIR
SERIOUS RIOT
WELDING CHAIN
AROUND DUNCAN
TRUST SECURES
THE CAN PLANT
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL., SATURDAY; MARCH 15, 1902.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
: The first city incorporated in' this coun
try with a ' charter and privileges was
New York, . which was granted its • papers
in 1(-6i. ¦ -.../ •-; ¦¦: .
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 14.— George
H. Reynolds,. who was a brigadier general
in the Confederate army, died to-day at
Lakeview, Ark.
G-eorge H. Beynolds
FEDERAL GRAND JURY VENIRE.— <Un»t.
ed States District Judge de Haven yesterday
ordered a. venire ¦• issued i-or seventy-five tales*
men, ¦ from which number . will, be selected a
Grand Jury of twenty-one members. -The ven-
Ire was issued returnable March 31 x at 11 a. m,
13
. At the regular r noay evening , meeting
of. the Unity Club'Emlyn Lewys gave a
lecture on the "Tjan Religion of India."
He said that the Tjans are noted .for
everything moral and they are never
found in ,. court, . all their - troubles being
'cettledi by arbitration. "-They . believe in
political freedom and consider a king . the
worst of dynasts, \ Although they are 'but
two millions in number,^ so -well are they
known for honesty, and integrity . that
two-thirds of .the financial business of In
dia passes through their hands. The aim
of their religion is to make .them as per
fect'a3 their "Arhut," or ideal.
LONDON, Ky.. March 14.— General T. T..
Garrard is dead , at his home near Man
chester. He served »a'an officer- in the
Mexican war and as brigadier areneral In
the Federal army during the civil war.
General Garrard lived on a farm given
his ancestors by Virginia patent and con
ducted the famous salt works.. He was
the patriarch of the Garrard ¦ trible of
f eudlsts, but the hope of hla life was to
see permanent peace established.
PERSONALS.
aN elccant Une of remnants for suits to order
SflS; with these ruits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other traits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
».t. between Sevectli nrd Eighth.
\VHT -rues-.? You can be certain of style and
fit by uslnc Standard Patterns; A.uril pat-
terrs end The Designer now ready. J w
E VANS. Domestic efflce. 1021 Market. nr.Cth'
PlX^TRlC light Ui every room— Winchester
" Hotf'.. 44 Third at., near Market: 700 rooran-
"3c to fl CO per uieht; $1 60 to *P. per weeU :
free 'bus ar.-i baggage to and from the ferry.
7~I\VHAT do you. think? O. BERMAN ii
E'.;:s. makes colored ehlrts to order; Jl each;
:ame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns^
: -WILL no lonsrer b«* responsible for the debU
of W former partner. H. Keoyor..
L : BERNSTEIN.
NOTE— March 12. 1902: A. Toso to-day buva J
fruit .store at 2^0 Fourth ct.. froa"L. F.
Sericano. ¦ 1 .. " " !
¦^ThiTE enamel iron beds. Flngle. thre»-cuart»r I
or double, $2 25. KASTEUN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. nrar Kroadway. j
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; flrst-class sham- |
poo. BOc: hair Cried In 10 minutes; switches i
wigs. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton gt. !
>.T less than cost, uncalled-for suits overcoat,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
taller. 721 Market st.
Kleetrolytic removal cl moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
•.eurir.g. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
ftPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
c!ectric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A. P. CHASE, Gllmpsle for sale; come and
g»e me. F. l. m. S.
A— IF your hair Is falling or yon are bald call on
Dr.G S.Moore.S32O'Farrell; eend for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' f xperience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna Et.
1'APERING room, walls. $1 50: painting. SI;
whitening. 75c. Painter. 315 Golden Gate av.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cai coetumer. 2g O'Farreli; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm,ete. 233 Geary.r.27.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& incles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric necdle.Dr.&MrB.Traverse.ll7U Market.
ALFREDUMS Egvpttan Henna: restores gray
hair to Its natural color; *1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKK
Instantly; 10c end 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit*. |7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
SJ'.efit Clothing Parlcr, cor. Bush and Dupont.
TJR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
h«i»t intti rur*. 2Vv all flmrglnts.
PHY9ICIAXS AXD SURGEON'S.
KUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation: no detention from buslneaa; all
private diseasea treated successfully; consul-
tatSon free. Dra. Forden & PorterOeld. 0 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady phyelcian and
eurgeon. et 1122 Market at.; houra 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O' DON NELL— Offlce and residence.
1C21*4 Market »t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PBOrEItTY WANTED.
WANTED— 1C0 acres or more general farming
land within 5 miles of ral'.road. G. R, W.,
rootn RO. Brocklyn Hotel: no agents.
PUOPOSALS.
rCOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Offlce of the
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, S2O
S&nsorne Ft., San Franclaco, Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountvllle. Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
prlatins' $25. WO therefor (approved March
£0. 15*01. Statutes 1901. page 623), and in
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directora of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invitea and advertise* for
sealed proposala for furnlahlng the materials
and performing the labor for the erection
snd construction of eald b.oepital building, at
the eald Veterans' Home at Yountville. Napa
County. In accordance with the plans, de-
ecrlDtlons, Li'.ls and specifications prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon auch
ecaled proposals will be let, made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the houra of 0 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
tn. of each and every business day from
the fiate hereof to the date of aaid contract
or contract*, at the offlce of the eald di-
rectors of eaid Veterana' Home, room 13
320 Eanson-.e et.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
Separate blda will be received and separate
ccntracta let and entered into aa herein-
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of said builginr. erection or structure
includisg- the furnl*hin« ot labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of the State in relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23, 1876
Statutes 1876-6, page 427), and the acta
amendatory thereof, that la to eay for the
following parta, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, ctone. terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
elating work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining
Bald work as herein provided lor compris-
ing the administration block, and the two i
front wards a» shown on eald plana, descrip- I
tlons. billa and epeciflcations, including the '
furnishing of materials and the necessary !
labor therefor.
The work ta to be done under f*he super-
vision and direction of Isaac H Small and
the buildings and grounds and the 'hospital
cororalttees of said Veterans' Home actinir
for and on th« behalf of its said board of
director*.
A separate contract will be let for as many
different kinds of work aa are hereinabove
•pecifled. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
and sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of hla proposal cr
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
it Mid proposal or bid ehail be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter :
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
hla or their contract or contracts, in accord- '
anee with said proposal or bid, and the plan*
descriptions, bills and epeciflcatlons, which
are hereby made • part of thia notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter.
Said sealed bida or proposals must be de-
livered to the sold directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there,
of. at the offlce of said directors room 13
820 £ansome et., in tbt city and' county of
Ran Franclaoo. State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. rn. of the twenty-
second dar of March. lt»02 which V hereby
designated «s the tlms and plara where the
said sealod bi<l« or proposals will be opened
toy ths said director^ of tha said Veterans'
Htm*, and ssid contracts let and made
Jf tn the opinion ct *ald board of directors
of the Mid Veteran*' Home tht arcrptance
cf tb» loweat of said sealed bid* ©r croDoaal.
rtwll not b« for the beat int»r«ata of iha
•Itat*. said board of directors hereby reservea
th« right te accept nny of said bl«fa or pro-
posals cp">*»d •¦ in thHr opinion may b* tar
th* t»ft Inter-tits of th» Stutr. un«3fr and In
• ceordsne* with and as provided by tht trrm.
of wttion 4 of th« Mid act entitled "An
act to rtrulata eontraeti on behalf of ihs
tftat* In rrlatfon to *r»rtlon of buJldlntv"
ftppnvH March S3. JS79, Btattttri m"<j
pag* «T>. or to rtfal any or all C f said
»««!r<5 bidj cr protioaala. ><uu,
For further Information and particulars
bidding contractors *r* hereby trferred to
the f'-r'-'.sry of the board of directors of m^
Vetrrtns' Home, At the office of aald board
of directors, aa n«r»lnabove «et forth.
By order of tb« board of directors of the
Veterana' Home of California.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
DetfO February 10. 1902.
SAN FrtANClBCO. Cal.. March 15, 1902.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived at thia office until II a. m., Monday,
Apn*. 14, 1&02, and then opened for "Doing
all the Printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Headquartern Department of California, dur-
ing the fisca! y*ar ending June 30; 190.1."
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production or manufacture, conditions
of quality and price (Including In the price
of foreign productions ot manufacture the
duty thereon) being equal. The United
States reserves the right to reject or accept
any or all proposal* in whole or in part.
information furnished on application to un-
aersirned. Envelopes containing proposals
rtiould b* marked "Proposals for Prlnting,"
e_n<J addresKfd to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General, U. a Army, Chief
Quartfrrm«j>t«?r.
AXD WAREHOUSES.
I'l KRCE.I'ODoT^H^IetcTB^^nT^Mc^laT^o^
offlce Post and Powell ets.; tel. Main 671*.
COLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MIs-
glon st.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
nEKXVS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market at.;
tel. Main IMP: chipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storuce and Furniture Moving Com-
peny. 23?0 Flllmore rt. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
•rviPE\VKITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
great BABOAnrsror; TTPEwnrfEns"-^we
tell better machinea for less money than any
lioua* In the city; rentals* $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. i:m California; telephone Main 206.
VEBETEH Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
type writer doctors ; -sstlrr.ate fr*s. SC9 Hansons. •
j- E AL ESTATE— CITY— -POIt_ SALE.
FOR solo cheap— Modern 8-room house, recep-
"°n hall, porcelain bath, conservatory, large
linished basement, fine marine view, overlook-
* n sGolden Gate Park; Jot 25x140; cost over
54UCO; will sacrifice for quick sale; leaving
city. See Owner, premises. 1278 Stanyan at.
2 LOTS. 20x120; cor. or A and Taylor sta.,
reasonable for each. Inquire SOO
Hayes gt.
$7000 — FOR sole or exchange, nice flats, well
rented. Box 4447. Call.
F °R "ale. at barcain— Point Lobos ave. lot*.
Address Ownrr. box 417S. Call office.
HEAL ESTATE—COUXTItY — For Sale
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Bmall tracta, $C0 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
can Francieco is pro wing rapidly; location
best for poultry and penera! farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 Calif onSa St.. for
pamphlets and Information. \
Santa Clara Valley. San Joae and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Marfcet. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orango. lemon, peach and prune
lands to ecll: right locality, big- money; easy
payments. IfiSALT £- CARR. C Eddy nt. •
SONOMA and Mendoclno county lands; writs
for circular. J. T. Peters. 11 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEJ?A. REAL ESTATE,
S1S00 — LOT and cottage of 6 rooms; $400 cash.
$15 per month.
$1140 — Corner lot. 2Sxl20; Santa Clara ave.
and Sherman st.
$700 — Lot 30-sllO; Santa Clara ave.; will
build on these lota on terms to suit. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
H G. MEHRTENS. 1520 Webster st.. Ala-
meda. — Real estate property bought and cold;
rare bargains this month ; send for list;
houses rented.
ALAMEDA FCRMSHED HOUSES.
ALAMEDA elegantly furnished residence of 9
large, sunny rooms, northwest corner. 1817
Clinton ave.. cor. Lafayette Ft., Narrow
Gauge Chestnut-st. .station, from April 1.
for summer months or longer. Apply at
premlsea.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$3750 — FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot BOx
156; near U. C. ground? and electric R. R.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estat*.
I :".¦,'. Berkeley Station.
$3200 — THOROUGHLY well built house of 0
rooma; window shades; combination fixtures;
corner lot: street work all done: cement aide-
walk; only 2H blocks from station and 1
block from electric railroad. >
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate.
Berkeley Station.
XE\v 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
newered: corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate.
91700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cott8ge, bath; atreet work done; city water;
sewered; lot 60x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
$1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, 30 Nevada block.
Ban Fr*nci»oo.
COTTAGE of 7 rooma and bath; hich base-
ment: eaay payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins et. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school: furnished cot-
tsse of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote. «tc. : ornamental grounds; frvilt or-
chard: 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F. ; rent $33 a month; price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCH— 2118 BWADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOOK THIS UP TO-MORROW! -
Seven new cozy homes of S. 6. 7 and 8 rooms
each, with latest style plumbing, tinting, etc..
etc.; all pretty and modern; lota 40 feet front
(or more if desired). • with elevated, eloping
lawn*, stone walks and street work all done;
terma $2C0 DOWN and monthly payments of
$25 and upward; located on Merrimac or Twen-
ty-eighth St., between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st.; handy to school, churches and elec-
tric cars, and within walking distance of town;
take Telegraph ave. or Grove »t. cars direct to
the property. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premlsea to-morrow, or GEO. W. AUSTIN, 460
Tenth et.. Oakland.
FURNISHED HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — For six months, a furnished mod-
ern two-story house of 8 rooms: Webster,
Oak or Clinton stations: near electric car pre-
ferred; will exchange for the above a furnish-
ed houee in Mill Vailey. Addresa box 4402,
Call offlce. ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALI2.
I FURNITURE good and cheap this xncnth. K.
I SCBELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
nectlnc rooms. $12; 2, $12; alngle rms.. $4-$7.
GEARY. 736 — Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; others; gas.
HAIGHT, 1S8 — Furn. aunny front alcove room;
kitchen; gas range; upper floor; bath; phone.
HOWARD. 640 — 1 or 2 front rooms, furnished
for housekeeping with bath.
HOWARD. 1003 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur. hkpg. rms: range; running water; $10.
LANGTON, 250%— 3 eunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LARKIN. 716— Two aunny furnished house-
keeping rooma.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521 — 2 or 3 rooms, furn. or
unfurnished for'housekpg; no other roomers.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front house-
keeping: and single rooma, 73c and $1 week.
MISSION, 848— Two rooma furnished complete
for housekeeping^ i
SIXTH. IIBA— (The Piedmont)— 4 connecting
rooma furnished complete for housekeeping.
EIXTH. 123J4 — I.«arR-« »unny front room, house-
keeping allowed; other*; rent cheap.
STOCKTON, 12W-Bunny ilnrle and douula
hou«ckeeplni» roomt in a modern hou»t»; pew
furn.; gan free; gaa >tovc; >B, 10, |«, »10, lilt,
TEHAMA, 22—2 housekeeping rooma to let;
rent cheap. /
TURK, iao — A neatly furnlahed room for
houfK-kccplng. ¦
CLASSIFIED advrrtlaemente and subicrlptlom
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaejnenta and
•>uh*crlpt!ona haa been eatabllahed at 1008
Valencia at.
RQOM8 TO LIST — Furn. and tlnfurn.
A— FTIEB printed Hit furnlihed rooms to letj
with or without board; we aave you walking
the afreets. Tourist Jt---r.ting Bureau, iu
Montgomery at.
ARGTLI3 Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
aunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister can to door; handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK Houae, 148 Sixth— Rooma,
25c to 91 per night; $1 25 to $5 perAweek, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. fl05— Large room, nicely furnlahed; run-
ning water; one or two gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA, 823 — Sunny suite or single
room; private family; references.
CHESTNUT, 202. corner Dupont — Sunny fur-
nished healthy rooma. ' -
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellla. cor. Maaon— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooma; prices reaaonable.
EDDY. C27— Large nicely fumiahed room for
1 or 2 gentlemen:' private family.
ELLIS. 321 fMozart) — Nicely furnlahed rooma.
3&c. $1 a« night; f 1 GO, $0 wk.; open all night.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 483— Several well furniehed rooms to
let, -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1221 — Pleaeant aunny
room furnished; German family.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family houte; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate eh&rgea; auit,Eingle;elevat.
HOWARD, «j»6— N«w house; free gas; running
water; frafn Jl 25 .week and up, • . ¦... ¦
HYDE. 4OS— Sunny front eulte, $17: also base-
mont rear suite, yard, laundry. 913.- .
ROOMS FO >H t!QUSEKEEPING---Con.
JESSIE. 3G3. near Fifth and Market — Fur-
nished rooms, (4 and $5. ' •
LARKIN. 119— Elegantly furnished rooms; en
suite or single.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
private baths ;ncwly furnished single rooma.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
NICE sunny furnished room, near Flllmore
and G. G. ave.; references. Box, 4107, Call.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elcc. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent . light,
reading-room. Bmoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to ?1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. SS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S. Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. »
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis, 24 Turk st.
TURK. 543— Large nicely furnished front room;
grate, ga», bath; light housekeeping if desired.
VALENCIA, 1122 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; new flat; dinner if desired; gentlemen
pieferred.
Vcndoroe, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newiy
renovated; furn. suite*. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call brtnch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nibscriptiona has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia «t. ¦ ¦
ROOMS AXD BOARD. -,
C^OP^RA^n^Tiomes7^Nosr~2 amT'ST'fcT
self-respecting, low-salaried working* girls,
$2 SO p«>r week, board and lodging; refer-
ences. Call at or address MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER. 045 Folsom'st.
MEREDITH. 213 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class beard; reasonable ;phone South $29.
VAN NESS, 915 — Large sunny rm: grate; run.
water; coilple, f45— -3 suit, terms; ex. board.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
. suites, tingle rooms; first-class table board.
JOHNSON. The. «05 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: tpaclous grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
eultfs; excellent board; terms reasonable.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 0-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACII1XES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, ecld, rente.1, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, hold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 1M. 205 4th.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: • '
Otto B. Jonnso-.. 24, JOOC Stockton Btreet,
an<t Anna P. Olson, '2Z; 1207. Hyde utreet.
Antonio Fernandez, 33, 1019 Washington
atreet, and Lorcnza Ornelas, 2(J, 1010 'Washing-
ton strtct.
Maesimlllnni? Perpoll,. 55, 2508% Bryant
street, and Anaia Leautier, 22, 020 Minna st.
Amandus F. Schumacher. 44. 3305 Twenty-
flret street, and Fnedencke M. Schumacher, ;
33, 33*K> Twenty-flnit street.
Ferdinand C. Apel, 31, 25 Rondell place, and
Iiedwig Ensreiiiardt. 2G, 725 McAllister atreet.
Antone W. Nyirtf.n, 25, 245 Bleuart btreet,
an! Efila W. Lonnback, 25, 710 North Point at.
Bernard Duulnn. 35. 2120 Lombard street,
an J Eucenie Lamazou, vr>, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIA6ES— DEATHS. ,
Birth, marriage and d^atb notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEA— In thia city. February 25, 1902, to the
wife of W. H. Lea, a son.
DIED.
Barry, James J. ) Jahn, Herman Jr.
lireiizmann, Robert Jones, Robert
Brown. Amelia V. Lanratadter, Jean-
Carey, John nette
Collins, Dennis W. Levingston, Dr. Marc
Connors, Katie Ma-mire, Annie
Cook. Catherine M. Mlnner. Ma mare t
'Crowley, John D. Muller. Herrman
Damon, Mrs. R. E.. Nelson, Lina M.
Denny, Joseph P. Peterson. Jennie M.
Detje, Martin HoEenetirn, Johanna
Farnan, James M. Wllkie, John G.
Hildebrandt. Dora "VVoest, John P.
BARRY— In this city, March 13, 1002, at his
residence. 417 Van Neea avenue, Jamea J.,
beloved husband of the- late Mary Barrv,
and father of Judge J. E. and Raymond
Barry, a native of Ireland, aced 08 years. ;
JCyFrlends and acquaint nnce» are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from hla late resi-
dence, 417 Van Ness avenue, tlmice to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high
moss will be celebrated for the repose o( hia
soul at 0:30 o'clock. Interment private.
BREITZMANN— In this city, March 14, 1002,
at his residsnee. 1511 Vallejo street, Robert,
beloved husband of Anna Ureitzrnann. and
father of R. J.. J. A., 8. C, Fr«da and
Claudine Braltzmann, -x native of Prenzlau,
Germany, aged 04 years 7 months and 7
days.
lOTriends are resDectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at his late realdence,
1511 Vallejo street. Interment urivate,
B1IOWN — Amelia Valentine, infant daughter
of Martin H. and the late Helen Uutii
Brown, aged 2 years and 1 month.
CAREY— In thia city. March 13, 1002, John
Carey, brother of Kearns and James Carey '
and Mrs. Elizie McClossey of Trenton, N. J.,
a native of Queens County, Ireland, aged 43
years. .
COLLINS— In this city, March 13, 1002, Den-
nis W., beloved husband of Jennie L.. Col-
lins, beloved father of Mary L. Collins, be-
loved son of James and the late Julia Col-
linB, brother of Mrs. Lulu Farrell. Mrs. Mag-
gie Collins and Ellen, Mary and James Col-
lins, and brother-in-law of John, George,
Lottie and the late Thomas Dwyer, a native j
of Montello. Marquette County, Wis., aneu
its years. A member of Mars Lodge No. ip2
Knights of Pythias.
(DTrlends and acqu-alntanet-p are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lati)
residence, 2748 Baker street, thence to St.
JJrigiJ'3 Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Crogs Cemetery.
CONNOIiS — In this city, March la, 10Q2, Katm
Connor*, a native of San KrancUeo, aged 21
COOK-^In thia city, March H, 1902, Catherine
M., beloved wife of V. T. II, Cook, an.]
mother of Mrs. O. D. Harper, Mra. \v, a
Ohronlater and' Fred, Charlea, Harry a,n<l
John Cook, a native of Ireland, ased 09
yi urn 7 montha and 11 >luy«.
, C^Frtendii O n4 acquaintance* nro invited
to attend tha funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at
1:43 o'clock, from tho raNldeucn, 225(1 union
direct. Interment prlvata.
CUOWLHY— In thU city, March 13, 1002, John
1)., beloved husband of tli« Info Hanorli
Crowley, and father of Mr*. M. K. Donleavy
«nd John, Daniel, W. V., C, J., Kathryn an<l
Terwa Crowley, a nalivo of Cuatletown
lierenaven. County Cork, Irnland, used 01
ycnrn. (Oakland Trltmna ploaa* copy.)
CSTFrlenda and ncqunlntaricea are rt*ptct<
fully InvltM to attend th* funeral to-day
iHiUiinluy), nt h.W o'clock, from hla Ut«
rtildtnce, 270 Thirteenth itreet, thenct to St
Joreph'a Church, wher* a H0l«mn nxiufem
high maaa will be celebrated fur th« repoav
of hln soul, rommenclna* at 0 o'clock. ]n>
trrmciit til. Mary'a Cemetery, Oakland, by
1) o'clork create boat,
DAMON— In Oakland, at .1700 Piedmont ave-
nue, March 13, 1002, Mm. lloietu Kvcrna
Damon, a native of Maaaachuactta, axed 71
years 7 monthi and 18 daya.
DENNY— In Stockton, March 14, 1002, Joseph
V, Denny, beloved aon of the late Timothy
and Mary Danny, and brother of Wlllinni
J. and Thomas F. Denny, Mrs. L. O. Malley
Mrh. W. Wrleht and tho late Charles A
Denny, a native of Ban Franclaco.
(C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DETJE— In Alameda, March 13, 1002, Martin
Detje, beloved father of Mr*. William Meyer
Mra. E. E.* Meyer and Martin Detje Jr.. a
native of Hamburg-, Germany, aged 04 yeara
& montha and 3 days. - X ¦
fXSrFrlend-s and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. .GALLAGHER CO.
lEuccecaor to 3 lanna<can ft Gallagher.!
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln Bchool,
Telephone South SO. -
Mt. Olivet Cemeteryj
NEAREST THE CITY, ' ¦- ,
Office, 916 Market Street.
. ¦ Telephone Hush 307. ..'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Eamuel MeFaddcn. 18 yeara manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
Mcllrearty. With the aamt company for 13
years; F. F. Ureen. late with J, C. O.' Con-
nor & Co].' have .opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
end KlRhth. Telephone South. 44 f ..
1 ..-; 'James wcginn,^ ¦¦:¦
Formerly with McGinn ' Bros,, j hai opened
new Funeral Parlors at; 214- EM<|y at./ beV
Taylor and.. Tones. Telephone Soutl) fiTtt. ¦ •
-•- ¦ . ¦' : ' i i
fully Invited tc attend the funeral to-day
/(Saturday), at HH30 o'clock, from the par-
loia of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eljchth. Inter-
ment Cypress T^awn Cemetery.
FARNAN — In Honcut. Butte County, Cal.,
March 0 1002, James M. Farnan. beloved
husband of Eva Donnelly Farnan, aced 42
years 11 months and 0 days.
HILDEBKANDT— In this city, March 14. 1002,
Dora' beloved wife of Charles Hildebrandt,
mother of Charle3 H. Hildebrandt, ana
crandmother of Dora, THlle, Charles and
Harry Hildebrandt, a native of Hanover. ¦
Germany, ared 70 years 1 month and It
days. Wheeling, W. Va.. papers please
copy.) • ' .
GTNotice of funeral hereafter.
JAHN— In this city, March 13, 1902,. at his
residence, 503 Powell street, Herman Jahn
Jr., beloved husband of Nellie Jahn, son of
Captain H. and. Anna Jahn, and brother ot
Mrs. Emma Holmes, a native of Hoboken,
N. J., asrjed 37 years 2 months and 17 days.
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral services
at the chapel at. Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
Sunday, March 10, at 3 o'clock.
JONES— In this city, March .13, 1002, Robert
Jones, belovtd brother of. Frank Jones, a
native of Llanrwest, North Wales, England,
ared 64 years. : . -" •¦':¦-.
! E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices :
to-day (Saturday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
parlors of Halsted & Co.. 040 Mission street.
Interment private.
LANGSTADTER— In this city, March 14, 1002.
Jeannette, wife of the late Seligman Lantf-
stadter. and beloved .mother pi Isaiah- S..
Daniel, Cecelia. Pauline. Adalino and LUlie ,
• Langstadter. a native of Paris, France, agea
74 years (J months and* IS days. .
(L3 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 10 o'clock, from ter late residence, l-lbO
O'Farrell street. Interment Home of Peace
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Thlra
and Townsend streets. .
LEVINGSTON— In this city, March 1-1, 1002.
' Ds^Marc Levinsrston,' beloved brother of Mrs.
D. L. Mayers, Mrs. A. Harris of New York,
Mrs. Martin Erwin and Belle. Esther and
Miriam Levingston, a. native of ' Bouth -Caro-
lina, aged 44 years.
ICTThe funeral will take place Sunday, at
9 o'clock shars>, from the family residence,
1301 Octavia street, corner O'Farrell. Fu-
neral and interment strictly private. Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MAGUIRE— In this city, March 12, 1902,
Annie, beloved wife of the late Georze E.
' Maguire, and mother of George and William
Magulre and Mrs. M. Dunn, a native of Bal-
timore, Mi, aged Bl years 4 months and 11
days.
(E7"Ffiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 30 o'clock, from the residence of her
" daughter, Mrs. M. Dunn. 234A Taylor street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a aol
emn requiem hieh mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
¦ 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
MINNER In Redwood City, March 13, 1002.
Margaret, wife of the late Captain Perry
Minner, a native of Ireland,
E7" Friends and acquaintance* are invitea
to attend the funeral Saturday, March 15,
1002, from St. Peter's Episcopal Church,
nedwood City, at 2 o'clock. 'Interment Union
- Cemetery, Redwood City.
MULLER— In thia city, March 13. J002. Herr-
man, beloved husband of Marie Muller, and
devoted father of Herrman Jr.. Freda . and
Carl Muller, a native of Bremen. Germany,
aged 40 years 10 months and 20 days. •,
tdTFrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, from Ms late resi-
dence, 100 Parker avenue, near Point Loboa
avenue. Interment Laurel Hill" Cemetery.
KELSON— In this city, March 14, 1002. Lina
M»v Nelson, beloved dauchter of Anton and
Liria Nelson, a natjve of San Francisco,
arced 10 months and 5 days.
PETERSON— In this city. March 14, 1002, Jen-
nie M.. beloved dauchter of Edward and
Martha Peterson, and slater of Delia, Pearl,
Arthur, Edwin and Rudojph Peterson, a na-
tive of San Franclfcco, aged 4 years 4, months
and 10 d'iys.
ROSKNSTIRN— In thia city. Marc»i 14. 1002,
Johanna, beloved wife of Dr. Julius Rosen-
vtlrn, and mother of Emily, Alfred and Eric
RosenBtirn, a native of Germany, aeed 49
years 7 months ami 2 daya.
[T?'Frien<i? and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S):30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, northeast corner of Sutter and Hyde
streets. Interment ctrlctly private. Friend's
are earnestly requested not to send flowers.
WII,KIE — On board steamship Anchoria. ft
¦Glasgow. Scotland. February 22, UKI2. John
<5eon?e. eldest son of the Jate Rev. John Wil-
kie, minister of Holytown, Scotland. •
¦WOEST— In this city. March 13, 1902, John
P., beloved husband of Alma Woe3t, and
father of Mrs. Edith L. Goodwin and John
• F., Harry B. and Laura F. Woest, a native
of Germany,, aced 40 years 1 month and 0
days. v - - ¦"
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission xtreet. be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
. Eighth and Harrison streets,
1IHK members of Lincoln Post Ko. 1, G. A.
11., ere hereby notified of the death of our
comrade, E.' W. Rushnell. The funeral ser-
vices will be held thin Sunday, Man* 16,
el 1:30 o'clock, under the auspices of King
F-olomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and A. M.,
Franklin Hull. Bush and . Fillmore . streets.
Comrades of Lincoln Post arc requested to
attend these services. By order of
G. T. JOHNSON.
Commander of the «Post.
Sfianahan Florisf Co,
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS /
Pr/ces^Pessonabfe.
107 POWELL ST.nmaELUS 2BE 5056City Attorney Holds Supervisors Have
No Bight to Remit Amount
to Corporation. •¦'¦• - ¦ V' .X
City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that there is no
statute which ; provides that when the
Tax Collector has made a mistake in fail
ing to supply the taxpayer with "proper
bills the taxpayer shall be relieved of his
personal responsibility of.seeing that his
taxes are paid. The sending of the bills
by the Tax Collector is an act" of courtesy
and not a legal duty and If the taxpayer
relies upon the bills sent by the Tax Col
lector rather than on. his own knowledge
of what property he owns, the State is not
so considerate as to grant him an exemp
tion from penalties or taxes.
The opinion is in answer to a petition
filed by the Virginia and Gold Hill Water
Company to remit the penalty for failure
to pay taxes on its franchise assessment
for the fiscal year 1901 upon the ground
that the Tax Collector failed to send
among other bills, the bill for the tax on
the franchise of the company.
MUST PAY PENALTY • :>>;
FOB TAX DELINQUENCY
INVOLUNTARY INSOLVENT.— E. A. Wil
son, ¦. merchant at Santa Rosa, filed In the
United States District Court yesterday hla
schedule In involuntary Insolvency. He owes
$5438 and has $2409 debts due on open ac
counts as assets. v .
Mrs. Fisk's Farewell Becital.
The last song recital of Mrs. Katharine
Fisk takes place this afternoon at Sher
man & Clay Hall. T»» snowing, a re
quest programme, will be e 1^^
"But the, Lord
"Come Kaggio dl Sol •••••• ;• "$££ t *
''Trauma' ••••/ Schubert
'The Traut • •• Rubinstein
'•The Asra ! Taubert
"Butzemann ••••' Lalo
"L'Esclare" ••••¦• -. - .
"Auf Wlederselm" . . • • : £ e ™}
"In a Bowerj; • • •§ £|™
:'.The .Rosary" . . . . - ; V.V.V.V.RnWn Goldmark
-The Minue't-V.". ¦ Falrlamb
"TSererffi-^/DonH-cVrv:::^^;
"vini»t«" * " ooaman
"The Discontented Duckling" ...„. . . Gaynor
Three arlM *rom "Samson and Delilah"......
: caint-caens
••**.' '"Fair Spring Is Returning."
."Oh Love of Thy Power."
"Softly Awaken My Heart."
Guard Aeainst Imitations.
To guard against imitations of our ceie-
Co., wholesale dealers, San Francisco.
Hand Covered With Boiling Tar.
Henry Merkel, an asphaltum roofer re-,
siding at 66G Brannan street, while apread
ln" boiling tar on the roof of a new build
ing at Eighth and Townsend streets yes
terday had his right hand arid; forearm
badly burned by the upsetting of a bucket
of boiling tar. He applied at the v Emer-
Kency Hospital for treatment/where DrB;
Sawver and Weyer.had to resort: to somo
nove'l methods to remove the tar' coatfng
before applying .proper/ remedies. Coal
To-Day's News Letter.
"Chetwynde's Madonna" is the title of a
striking little society story by Alary Hard
ing in to-day's News Letter. In the
Looker On department is related the in
side facts of the trouble in the Art As
sociation. • "How to Begin a Successful
Noyel" is a pleasing satire, and "The
Laundryman and the Lady" it, full of rich
humor. In "A Romance of Vaccination"
Wallace Irwin has surpassed his usual
verse- writing skill. "A Census on Kiss
ing" is very amusing, and in "Married
Flirts" some plain , truths are told. Be
sides these leading articles the. paper is
lull of all sorts of bright miscellany. The
editorials discuss the leading subjects,
and the. Chinese question is dealt with in
a vigorous way. Literary and dramatic
topics are well taken care of. The Town
Crier makes the unworthy squirm. •
Business is often transacted by busi
ness men at lunch. Cafe Ztakand. •
Wants Eight-Hour I*aw Obeyed.
The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
yesterday considered the petition of the
Pan Francisco Labor Council that* the
eight-hour law be enforced in city con
tracts. The committee decided to request
Secretary E. Rosenberg to appear at the
next meeting and specify wherein con
tracts are violated 'In this respect. The
till limiting the height of advertising
fences to ten feet went over for two
weeks. L. D. Owens, an advertiser, stat
ed that no fence higher than ten 'feet had
been erected for one year past, except one
to test the validity of another ordinance
on the subiect. . . . . .
Fraternal Brotherhood.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood had an entertainment and
dance ip Shasta Hall, Native Sons' build
ing, last night for members and their
friends. There were about two hundred
present who were entertained with a pro
gramme of eight numbers of music and
literary efforts, after which there was
dancing until midnight.
The first consignment Of Chinese labor
ers, for the Alaskan fisheries will leave
for the north this morning. About E00
Mongolians were rounded up yesterday
by the agents of the various commercial
companies and placed on board tho
steamer that will take them to their des
tination. During the next few days these
laborers will continue to depart until
abcut 3000 of them will have changed
their place of residence until the autumn
season. \
The departure of the horde of fishermen
leaves work for. the detectives and em
ployers to locate over 200 embezzlers,
•whose total defalcations amount to 120,000.
At present the agents have endeavored to
find the -whereabouts of these men, but
after the last vessels have been cut loose
from their docks the police will be asked
to search for those who are among the
missing that they may answer t«> crim
inal charges.
•It has been the habit for a number of
years past to advance money to the labor
ers that they may settle their debts be
fore the new year, as well as celebrate
that event 'in splendor. Each Chinese
signs a contract that he will sail before
a certain time and work until the end of
the season. This year the amounts ad
vanced were unusually large and In some
instances reached . $200. On an average,
however, $100 was awarded to each per
son who applied. When the system of
advancing wages was inaugurated -little
difficulty was experienced. The men put
in an appearance at the specified time
and adhered to their contracts, but within
the past three years many have pocketed
the money and disappeared.
When the agents came to round up tna
men auring tne P a*t week they Reived
information, which they verified that
ever 200 who signed contracts had de
parted for parts unknown and had no in
tention of going to Alaska. Nocrtaitaal
action can be taken against these men
until after the last consignment sails, but
St that time warrants w?ll be 'f^f'^
t^eir arrest. The demand for Chinese
labor throughout the country is said to
have been the cause for the many
breaches of contract. . .
Arbitrators Will Fix the Salvage.
J. Metcalfe, F. S. Samuels and Louis
Rosenfeldt have been appointed arbitra
tors to determine the amount of salvage
the Beadle- Steamship. Company and the
crew of the steam schooner Acme are en
titled . to for assistance rendered the
French bark Max, after her collision with
the Walla Walla. ; - ¦ , ••
California Club Ticket.
A second ticket for officers of the Cali
fornia Clyb has been announced for the
consideration of the members on election
?£ ?' a whlch v I s , i? ext Tuesday. Those on
the second ticket are: For president
""¦ J - & Scoville; vice president, Mrs C.'
Mason Kinne; second vice president, Dr
Dorothea Moore; directors-Mrs. W p
F^i?;? 1^- E -t L Campbell, Mrs. George
w n \f ra - J , acob Brandt. Mrs. Morris
Newton, Mrs. Aaron Schloss, Mrs. H.
Swain and Mme. Eznella TojettI
Favor Connor Water Ordinance.
Resolutions calling upon the Democratic
members of the~Board of Supervisors to
vote for a the Connor ordinance fixing
water rates was adopted by the Iroquois
Club last night after a short debate. The
resolution recites the fact that the Demo
cratic Municipal Convention favored In its
platform a reduction in water rates, and
the club demands that the Democratic
Supervisors stand by the pla.tf orm. The
Committee on Resolutions was Instructed
to prepare a suitable testimonial upon the
death of former Governor John P. Alt
geld of Illinois. William I. Brobeck de
livered an address on the Boer war.
Runaway Men Bring
Heavy Loss to Com
mercial Companies.
Smith Not to Be Prosecuted.
• J. Pollard Crowther decided yesterday
not to prosecute. J. Morgan Smith, the in
surance agent, who involved him in seri
ous trouble by giving him a bogus check
for $100, which he afterward passed. The
District Attorney cannot proceed in the
matter without the concurrence of Crow
ther. .
CHINESE SPURN
TIE CONTRRCTS
Tells of Andersonville Priaon
An interesting and Instructive lectura
r^r * ven , last , nl * h t at the Youn* Men'*
Christian Association by Frank W. Smith
wl.t? SOnv . 1110 Prlson -" The audience
was given a vivid description of the hor
rors and privations endured by the Union
K ? Wh0 were ca Ptured by the Con
52??« e8 and sent to Andersonvllle.
fr^oueSt°r d i an enterta ining lecturer and
hS? AVj? P S lause . *£ Beted hl3 narration,
and fh« tl^K? °£ whistling bulicts
?Afltat£ ?£ ?£ C ? nt ederate "ye'l" were
realistic In tho extreme.
address, during which he drew attention
to tho picnic that the Alcaldes will hav«
at Fernbrook on April 13.
Lindskog Benefit Concert.
A grand literary entertainment and ball
for the benefit of the widow and children
of the late H. M. Llndskog will be giver,
this evening at Turn Vorein Hall by the
friends of Mrs. Lindskog, who is left in
almost destitute circumstances. A good
programme will be provided, and it is
hoped that a substantial sum will be
realized for the worthy purpose. Follow
ing Is the programme: Selections, orches
tra, Professor Axel Pihlstrom, leader;
vocal solo, L. A. Larsen; fancy dance,
Hazel and Alice Meyers; recitation, Mrs.
L. Tully; vocal solo, Mrs. N. T. Grevsky
(lormerly Paraskova Sandelln); Russian
dance, Dr. G. Cornet: address. Dr. E.
Nelander; violin solo. Professor J. Haug;
"Kristallen den flna," folksong, Swedish
Singing Society.
The attorneys engaged in th» work of
settling the estate of the late Thomas Bell
are exchanging courtesies. Unfortunate
ly for the peace and dignity of the occa
sion, the compliments that are being ex
changed are touched with gall, the result
being bitter expressions, which may yet
be brought to the attention of the court
for inquiry as to the rights of the parties
Interested.
Attorney T. Z. Blakeman, counsel for
Mrs. Teresa Bell, administratrix of the
estate of her late millionaire husband, ob
jects to certain statements made by At
torney John S. Drum, one of the attor
neys for the creditors of the estate, and
particularly to his allegation that "the
substitution of Blakeman for Staacke has
been of no advantage or benefit to the
creditors."
I It happens that Staacke was removed
D. A. Socci, an art dealer of Manila, ia
having a lively time with the Collector of
the Tort and the United States Apprais
ers over a duty of $SO00 assessed against
a big- war picture he brought over from
Manila on the last trip of the America
Maru. The^picture, which is an immense
canvas, is held by the authorities until
the duty is paid or the Government
waives the right to collect it bn the
ground that the Philippine Islands are
American possessions.
Soon after the close of the war with
Spain Socci conceived the idea of having
the scenes attending the capture of Ma
nila portrayed on canvas. He engaged a
young Spanish artist named Santos Gon
zales to paint It. Gonzales had all the ex
perience necessary for the work and de
voted fifteen months of his time to it.
The picture, which is thirty-four feet
long by fourteen feet. wide, depicts the
entrance of the American troops into Ma
nila. Many of the portraits of the com
manders are sketches from life. One fea
ture that will make it doubly interesting
to people here Is the picture of the First
California Regiment, under the leadership
of Colonel James F. Smith. Colonel
Smith is mounted and his action is most
life-like.
"I have brought this picture to San
Francisco for exhibition," said Mr. Socci
at his apartments at the Palace Hotel
yesterday. "The picture is not for sale.
I could not even put a value on It, so I do
not see how the appraisers can charge me
a duty of 58000 on it. I thought that when
we bought the Philippine Islands they be
came American territory, and as the con
stitution prohibits the levying of duties
between one part of the United States and
the other I' think this exaction Is unjust.
I am gqing to follow the' matter -right
through to the highest court in the land
before I will submit to • what I consider
this most unjust imposition."
All day yesterday the wires were -kept
hot, Socc»'s lawyers , filing protest after
protest against the exaction of the $8000
duty. Unless the valuation is taken;' off
by the Collector of the Port an appeal will
be at once forwarded to the Board of
General Appraisers in New, York. Socci
may in the meantime secure the release
of the picture by filing a bond to cover
the duty. \ - -.. ¦ /«
Attorneys in the Bell
Estate Engage in
Wordy War.
Government Asks $8000
to Permit Entry of
War Picture.
ing the Abolition of Unnecessary
or Inhuman Torture.
Send Letter to the Warden Request-
Attorney Henry E. Highton, on behalf
of the California Prison Commission,
against cruelty in the State penitentiaries,
has sent a letter to Warden Aguirre of
San Quentin and Warden Thomas Wilkin
son of Folsom warning them against fur
ther, use of the straltjacket.
The attention of the wardens is called to
the fact that the infliction of punishment
unnecessarily cruel is a crime subject both
to civil and criminal action.
The commission intends that there will
be no -further use of the straltjacket
even if legal steps have to be .taken, in
order to prevent it. A watch is being
maintained in both prisons and at the
first instance of the use of the stralt
j«ek>t a warrant will be sworn out for
the arrest Of the warden and He will be
rigorously prosecuted. II is claimed by the
commission that In several cases where
the "Jacket has been used .the prisoner has
been maimed for life. All past cases of
cruelty, however, will be ignored if the
prison officials will be more lenient in
their treatment of convicts in the future.
PRISON COMMISSIONERS
OPPOSE STBAITJACXET
APPRAISERS PUT
ON HEAVY DUTY
BLAKEMAN SAYS
DRUM IS WRONG
Stork Pays a Visit to the Home of the
New California Jockey Club's
•President.
. The friends of Thomas H. Williams Jr.,
president of the New California Jockey
Club, showered- felicitations upon him
yesterday upon the advent of a son and
heir. . v
The auspicious event happened earlv In
the afternoon. The flags at Emeryville
seemed to flutter joyously when it bs
came noised about and the good wishes
of a host of people went out to the
mother and to hor first born.
The happy father was in a transport of
joy. Throughout the day and far Into
the night he was receiving and answer
ing congratulatory telegrams from all
over the country.
trom the executorship of the estate for
cause and to compare him with Staacke
therefore is regarded by Blakeman as be- I
ing both defamatory and injurious. He
therefore returns the lire in an affidavit
to be filed in which he says that Drum is
not only mistaken, but that he deliberate
ly utters what he knows to be a malicious !
falsehood when he says that he (Blake
man) has managed the Bell estate to the j
detriment of the creditors or any one else
interested tnerein. i
The trouble started some time ago ¦when
a petition was tiled in the Probate Court
for a discontinuance of Mrs. Bell's family
allowance. The petition was backed by
the creditors represented by Drown,
Leicester & Drown, who alleged that the
estate was being mismanaged and that
Attorney Blakeman was getting more out
of the estate in the way of fees than
should be allowed. The matter was set
for hearing by Judge Coffey on Tuesday
next and a lively session of court is
promised.
Declares Attack Unwarranted.
Attorney Blakeman declared yesterday
that the attack upon him was unwar
ranted. He has prepared an answer to the
attack upon him. which he will bring to
the attention of the court, and therein he
says that ho was instrumental in settling
the Robinson litigation for $40,971, all of
which went to the Bell estate. Drum, he
says, was one of the attorneys for tho
Robinson estate and opposed him bitterly
and he attributes Drum's animus to that
fact. To the complaint of the creditors
that Blakeman's office rent was being paid
out of the funds of the Bell estate, the
attorney replies that the statement is un
true and that Drum is well aware of the
fact.
Blakeman' charges that the greater
number of the creditors who are contest
ing the accounts of Mrs. Bell did so only
at the urgent Solicitation of Drown. To
a Call reporter yesterday he said:
It has been repeatedly admitted by many of
the creditors that the affairs of the estate are
being well managed by Mrs. Bell. The state
ment of the attorneys who represent them
that she has drawn too much money In the
shape of family allowance is untrue and un
fair. In the early years of the administration
of the estate she did not draw all that the
court had allowed her, and instead of drawing
$107,000, as stated, she In fact drew only
$70,000 since the death of her husband in Oc
tober. 1892.
Drown is one of . the attorneys for Mips
Thompson, who secured the Lag-una Rancho
from Bxecutor Staacke at half Its value, and
principally because of this transaction he wa3
removed as executor. The Bell estate la now
BUingr Miss Thompson for the recovery of this
fine property on the main ground that Staacke' i
connection with the foreclosure proceedings
¦was fraudulent.
Expect to Recover Thousands.
We expect to win this suit and recover more
than $50,000 for the estate. I charge that
Drown has contracted with the creditors he
represents to collect their claims on a per
centage ba?is, and yet In the face of this he
represents a client with whom the estate la
now In litigation. My fees never were exces
sive and I will demand a hearing: by Judge
Coffey when the matter comes up next Tues
day.
Blakeman says further that he may dis
close some of the inside facts relative to
the attempt of Staacke to 'compromise the
valuable .Robinson claim, in . which Drum
was interested as attorney, for $2500. At
that time Staacke swore that there was
nothing in the Robinson estate excent a
parcel of land, which was mortgaged for
more than it was worth. Blakeman op
posed the compromise and after eighteen
months of litigation, succeeded in collect
ing from the Robinson estate for the Bell
estate the sum of $40,971. . .
Altogether a. warm time Is looked for
when the attorneys gfet into court. Blake
man states that he will defnd himself
vigorously and that if somebody is in
jured in the operation he will not' hold
himself responsible. Meanwhile his rela
tions with Attorney Drum are strained to
the bursting point. Drum smiles and says
nothing. < »
oil was found to be the best liquid, as U
effectually- removed the sticky material
from the blistered surface.
SON AND HEIR IS B0BN
TO THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.
Jewelry and diamonds valued at $1000
were stolen from the apartments of Julius
Kruttschnitt, manager of the Southern
Pacific,' at the Hotel Richelieu, on Van
Xess avenue, some time between the hours
of S and 7 o'clock Thursday evening. The
theft was accomplished while Mr. and
Mrs. Kruttschnitt were at dinner. The
jewels were locked in the top drawer of
a dressing case in the bedroom, and this
was opened with a key by the thief, the
valuables extracted and the drawer re
locked. ,
Upon returning from dinner to the
apartments Mrs. Kruttschnitt opened the
drawer for some purpose and at once dis
covered the loss. There were missing two
gold watches, several diamond rings, a
diamond brooch and some other trinkets
of less value.
The robbery was 'reported at onca to
th : office of the hotel and ah effort was
made to keep the occurrence secret, but
it became known to several of the guests
and yesterday was a generally discussed
topic among them.
The police were notified by Mr. Krutt
schnitt and a description of the missing
valuables was given. A detective was de
tailed on the case, who spent yesterday
investigating the robbery. All of the em
ployes of the hotel who could In any
manner gain access to the apartments
were subjected to questioning. It was
evident from the nature of the theft that
it was either the work of an experienced
hotel thief or some one connected with
the hotel in a capacity that would give
an opportunity to know the movements
of the guests.
The police refuse to admit anything
,concerning the robbery, or even thit it
took place. '. ¦
Valuables Worth One Thou
sand Dollars Taken Prom
Apartments at Richelieu.
Kruttschnitt Family the
Victim of Clever
Thieves.
STEAL JEWELRY
AT DINNER HOUR
14
THE SAN FRMCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1902.
Alcalde Parlor's Dance.
The banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building was crowded last night with Na
tive Sons and Daughters,: the occasion be
ing a' social given by Alcalde Parlor of the
Native. Sons. Nearly three hundred took
part In the grand march. J.-W. Desmond
was floor manager' and he , was assisted
by the sociar committee composed, of A.
Rahwyler, Martin OVDonnell and L. J.
Hurley. During the evening Emillo Las
treto,. ths 'president, : delivered a short
A Suit ¦¦-.
toOnlcr^
Costa but little If. any jiBM®
more than a ready made jt*cil \w\m]UMU///,t
one and will give you far K^^wik^/
greater service and satis- T^^^^^^'/'/f-
faction— will look better, BpijrpSSP5£7 -:
hold its shape longer and ¦. Tl/MvMw?
will fit 'your figure prop- f/M\\\VVwM
er au'r terms lIlHSr '
One Dollar 1M
a. waek 7 f h],
make x»ur suits easy to % '. •Blj) |v
buy. ' 'a Jtf* ff
Open this (Saturday) \_S^M '''f
evening until 10 o'clock. 4UEV*ll!i u
Be sure of our name ••¦ ; '. ; ¦ ¦ • I '
and address, • •.''•'•
\2& ElllS St. AbovePttwel!
II mr% Xaru UhL /*&£ Ha iril@# \JO ter taffeta or
BOWS TIED FREE. PSJP B^ S 'gyl^ BOWS TIED FREE
— ~ : — o : j^ ¦¦ —*•"•. "^ •••¦' q ___
VV rtlO 1 m-J \r\ ¥ 1
The reigning fad— the GIBSON WAIST— and many other of the sea-
son's attractive novelties, given a SPECIAL BAY at SPECIAL PRICES.
65c ISilSll^Sh^eS 9 SALE OF CORSET COVERS:
colors and made with rows ot tucks and The cheaper numbers of these ! Corset
hemstitching. Covers are rande of good cambric, the bet-
98C JZ^^TacT^I?^. iX^ CORSET a COVERS S M
eT r on f V e^ tha r n or n Sii 8 h ort L 5C SS 8 ffitSSS 8 'wit I S'&.. Wih -
$1.20 entaL PONGEE WAIsS: 2OC CO ? S £ T C0VE «S, trimmed with
tucked front and back and trimmed with em &roidery.
four rows of lace insertion. A popular ~£S%C CORS^'^ COVERS, empire style
seller at $1 75 -' . .^itFW prettily hemsUtched. .
<C1 j±t=% To-day for MERCF.RIZED 2Rr CORSE7T CO\ r ERS, trimmed with
3>l»"*O CHAMBRAE WAISTS. the *f" numerous rows of fln™ VaTen
newest thing — looks • like silk. Entire ciennes insertion, usual 50c value
front and back tucked and trimmed with 4Op CORSET COVERS trimmed with
$1.95 65C, T s t?ley E 5i S mm?d Pl w,t^ Ct9 '
r^ mb o r r ae8 fln e Bn Va 1^cS 8 s' SSSS S£? ¦ SSS? «%.S5?°^ %$%£?.
broidered . or ' etitched^ust as you like. cT«»»m»«— . ' " : • '•
Price before and after sale day, $2 B0. SUMMED OVFR^lfTDTC
<CO Qft For THE CIBSON WAISTS. V1 *"«-« U V EK 3JUK 1 5.
tp^tO'O made up in. all the elegant _^ B ale to-day— many great values
materials offered this season, ' dainty bat- *2.S\C 60c LINEN OVERSKIRTq
istes, -stylish. grass linen, -light,. airy lawns, 1T^ W „, ,
etc. ; some inserted with fine embroidery 4NC JIL' 50 LINEN" CRASH own
and lace, others have the fronts formed *>* - SKIRTS, flounced and trimmed
sssra isgass^s . prlco l^Hr%&sz b^ .«--™
ONE SILK WAIST SPECIAL
-A $7.50 VALUE FOR $5. 4 5. . Hn^TFDV Uir '
«CBC zlK To-day for elerant SILK ( llUOlCKl jALE.
tT»O»T"tF. r WAISTS, made of flnest qual.- The new FANCY LISLE) Tva\rvwa
ity Peau do Sole, . Luclne and ot'ier new HOSE in all the latest colorinni inS S
silks-tucked and hemstitched [ ¦ - and black; were bought to b\ soM^ tor '"E^ 111 * ¦
trimmed in newest effects with buttons. - 75c. On sale to-day. ..!?.. OUC
In all the latest shades. . To-day you can buy ' 'the best a*l
- ; ; WRAPPERS. S^^S^li^^SJSS
pjQ_ For neat PERCALE .WRAPPERS, Onl y B Pairs sold to one person. .
OOw>. made with ¦ gathered- flounces. ircn fu/ip *
tabs over shoulders and trimmed with . . VElLlIiUJ.
¦«qV* To-day for PERCALE WRAP- ' 1I ££*%J!£fi} n ?\fi!? 85c and 1°= VEIL-
DUC PERS; "gdod . quality materials; ' J^i £'i.|JS c iS? %' ? ? 7 black O^r-
full 'flounce; attractively trimmed with "d white dot.- On sale to-day. .Yd -4OC
j^ For WOMEN S FLOUNCED SUMMER UNDERWEAR.
OOV WRAPPERS, made of prood^ per- j ugt received, about 25 dozen WOMEN'S
calei . trimmed with braid r- and bretelles BALBRIGGAN VESTS, entire fronti fln
over .shoulders; light, medium and dark ished with silk stitching. lowT i»iJ
colors; regular $1.25 value. sleeves, regular 50c value Sal« rxpmi
QftA" For best quality PERCALE to-day. ............ ...f.;?.. ' ° 25C'
«/Qv. WRAPPERS, extra wide, turn- We are ready to-day to show* you all the
over". cuffs r and collars;, pointed girdle: i .latest styles, fresh from fashion's realm in
daintily K trimmed • with linen lace and CHILDREN'S EASTER • BONNETS in,*
braid;; waist 'and sleeves lined; a popular WHITE CONFIRMATION DRESSES at
seller, at regular price, ?1 50. ¦ our usual popular prices, from $1 60 to'sio
v^-: CHILDREN'S CLOAKS. confirmation dresses in ail sizes
Will sell what we've left of our CHIL- QNE DRESS SKIRT SPECIAI
DREN'S CLOTH CLOAKS, at a reduction ""^ «*«*-^!-» >J*V11M •3**LV»1AL.
of almost ONE-HALF. They're made of jC4 OO J?^ * regular $6 WOMEN'S
. all , wool, kerseys, . tricots, cashmeres, etc., •' Cp~T« VFVT DRESS SKIRTS, made of
in short or long automobile styles. serges, camels hair or fine ladles' cloths:
Sizes 4 to '14 years. - made with 1 , swell . flare . and exceedingly
Sale prices on cloaks, ?1, $1.75, 92.25, graceful In shape; seams- finely stitched;
$2.uO, $.'!, ?5 andfO. . , O only, a limited, number, to sell. /
• WE'RE OPEN TO-NIGHT TTNTIL- 11 -O'CLOCK.
'¦'•;" ¦: , ' ¦ ¦ - -.'¦-. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦ - - - ' ¦ ¦• ¦ ' .
1 21 2-120 M AR K ET STREET,
• Between Taylor and Jones. . .
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY— MONDAY— TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 24 Ids . . $1.00
Market will advance. No llmiu
JAMS, Purity Brand, 3 cans... 25c
S^. Pb^' Strawberry. Blackberry. Cur-
Re* S***^!* 7 ' plum: flnest «""ty.
WEBB'S Cream Crrn, can ....|2Jc
«• J- .^bb Co. 1. the flawt Sa«ar Corlj.
CODFISH, Choice Eastern, 4 lbs 25c
Best Boneless. Reg. 10o 1b.
Taylor fine Old Whiskey, full quart. .$1.00
CHOICE CREAMERY BUTTER, square. .40c
Res. 60c ••«
FINEST CREAMERY, Our Speclar.square 45a£
Fine Butter Our Uott». Reg. KSc.
BEST MISSION E66S. dozen ..|7£?
Received Dally.' Re«r. 22%c.
KEROSENE (Star) OIL, 5-gaf can... $1,05
10o allowed for empty can.
BAKER'S BEST COCOA, Mb can 20c
Extra Barcain. Resr. 23c.
HOLLAND GIN. large ihl'e bot $1.25
Pure for Medicinal. Res. $1 60
PERFECT BLEACHING SOAP, 7 cakes- -25c
King or all Soaps. It will Wash Equally
In hard, soft or alkali water. Ree. 6 for 23c.
POTATOES, Salinas Burbanks, box. $!.6J
Reg. $1 83. Limit 1 box.
HEAD e RlGF, b 4l5s................25s
McbIaYErIyhISKEY, quart bot 85c
Old Sour Mash and is absolutely ture.
Reg. $1 15: by the gaL $3, reg. $4.
BEANS, Small White, '6 lbs .25c
Best quality. Reg: 5 lbs. 23c.
CATSUP, L Bros.' Brand, Pure, qt bot 12k
Reg. 15c.
BORAX FLOATING SOAP, 6 cakes 25c
White. Reg. Be cake.
PETITS POIS * reach Peas, 2 cans. . .:25c
Reg. 20c can.
TABLE FRUITS, 2Mb cans 12*2
Peaches, Pears, Apricots. Reg. 20c
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantage of these "special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles on all orders exceeding J5. Ask for
monthly orlce list— free.
1348-1394 MARKET STREET.
Opp. - Seventh. Phone S. 292. No Branch stores.
CCOOCOOQOOO9OC5>O«O«OO*I
e o
I A Big i
1 Purchase |
! At Keller's I
S ¦ ¦ v -- •
S •
2 AMERICAN SDITINfiS. I
! — — S
I S
O We have just received from an S
q, ta stern manufacturer a very ex- ©
O tensive selection of Tweeds se- •
O cured under very favorable condi- ©
O tions. q
• c T*M*i m^ns Men's Tailored a
O Suits ?5-oo to Sio.oo less than the &
« already low figures. Q
• It means that our Business ©
g Suits at $27.50 that were the best ©
O ) ' alu £«~ t . he citv wi!I be made up 2
Si for $22.50. .9
r ••'. ' •" ©"
© It means that our $.30.00 and ©
8 l 3^™ Suits wiI1 cost only*©
O f^o.00 while this big purchase 2
q holds out. . ':-y ¦ \ :.,_;, . : JJ
© .- •*- ; ' r ' : .. ', ¦ •
© The peblic are beginning to •
J find out that there is a distinctive •
5 neatness about the cut of our 2
Men's Tailored Suits that is S
9 growing in popularity hour by S
O hour. -• \ . • : i i 2
q The-principal reason is this: '!'-'"; 5-
We axe striking out for a new 2
q line of , action in Tailored Gar- a
O ments. We guarantee the same a
© perfect fit and the same perfect©
O work on the $22.5b suit that $ we ©
g make up this week as on - suits •
twice the price. • •
That's our. idea of popularity! ©
»¦» O
' " ' "•' •
2 We are determined to satisfy! ; ©
®j We reach out for the man that •
q wants a suit for a low price, made ?
(,; to his measure, that will fit. S
© 2
0 We invite inspection. $
• ©
v § 1028-1030 Market St. S
\q ALSO OAKLAND. §
%©••©•#••••©••••••••©
Women's Fabric Gloves
Silk and Lisle j Get Their First Big Showing
and Lace. I To-day.
They are full of style and comfort— so full they'll certainly be
much sought after by well-dressed women. Silk especially, will
be strong this spring and summer and in 2 and 3 clasp gloves.
These little prices will help to increase their popularity.
2oC— Usle gloves, 2 clasp, superior 50c — Milanese llsls arloves with Parts
quality; black, mode, tan, gray or point embroidery, one pearl claap;
white. . : ' . •>¦ mode, gray, white and black.
2J5c— Children's Berlin gloves, finely 6Oc— English lisle,. 2 pearl clasps, silk
finished with silk embroidery, 2 c.laspa, embroidered; mode, white, gray and
mode, gray and white. black.
25c and 50c— Lace gloves, newest SI .OO— Elbow length silk lace mitts,
styles; gray, mode, white, black; one black.
of the latest novelties. 81.25— Silk lace isltts, best length.
lite. Jouvin at $1.50 a pair.
One of Paris' favorite dress gloves. Renowned for its fit and wear; all
new and staple shades— tan, mode, brown, red, blue, gray, green, mastique,
pearl, white or black.'
We are sole agents for San Francisco selling.
Marvel Two-Clasp Piaue washable The Blanche Suede Gloves are fault-
kid' gloves, made of choicest • French Jess fitting gloves, with a style and nn-
kid. It's a glove that does not spoil |f n t u P«»o r to , many; mode, tans and
with perspiration or water; tan. mode, olack-Jl.50 Pair,
beaver, mastique, white and black— i^^fjjr/wy "^8^
Marvel Two-Clasp Overseam glove jByj&J&5&G&Gg^jm2a&
is a dressy lightweight. In all the new C./Uin*^^
spring colors-*1.75 a pair. -***^vao gqqo^^
ADVERTISEMENTS. -_ _ ___,;,__ \j_ __': ' . :.'.-;. .'..'¦.'¦-,.. ' ¦'¦¦' T -"->----
. If you wish the lightest, finest,
; sweetest, most healthful biscuit, cake .
and bread, Royal Baking Powder is
indispensable in their making. " are imUatlon bakIng powders> V-,
• from alum and sold cheap, which it is prudent
to avoid. Alum' in food -is poisonous.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK. ¦ ;
Hale's.
Hosiery
For children,
of real maco
and good— wt 12£c pair
The kiiid of a stocking and the
kind, of a price that's spreading Hale's
hosiery fame -wider than ever. They
are wide ribbed with twice as much
yarn at heels and, toes and knees
(where strain comes).
Jet black, all sizes.
Children's Lace Hose
6 styles, plain black with narrow lac©
stripe or black with wide lace stripe,
black with narrow stripe running round,
also red, white and blua fine ribbed nar-
row stripes; double heels and toes;
sizes 6 to 9. 25c.
Women's Hose 10c.
1200 pairs fast black cotton stockings,
longer and more elastic than the ordi-
nary stocking; made from two-thread
iraco. high spliced heels and double
toes; sizes 8^ to 10.
o
Candy Novelties
Fop Easter.
The candy store is full of many
original suggestions for Easter.
These Chocolate Eggs at 5c look
for all the world like real eggs, even
to the yellow centers; made of pure
cream and best quality chocolate
8^ 12611 Esftfs «« •»
Fancv Babbit Candv Boxes— also
chickens on nest egga, and boxes
that can be filled with small birds*
eggs, 6c, 10c, 13c, 25c, 50c, 75c, JLOO.
rv- ' r
Hale's. • ' I
Perfumery.
Hudnut's, first, last and all
the time. We know ql none
to equal it for its delicate odor.
So penetrating, so lasting", the
woman who uses it once keeps
on using it.
Hudnut's Extreme Violet $1.' 00
Bottle— The Russian violet, one-
ounce bottle, in handsome cartoon,
Hudnut's essence violette superba
and violet sec. ?o V."
Face Powder $1.OO Box — Hudnut's
violette superba.
Hudnut's Toilet. Cerate $1.50 Jar
—Makes the skin soft and velvety,
large size jar.
.Toilet Water :$1.5O Bottle— Royal
Hudnutinc, eight-ounce bottle.'
Toilet Water $1.50 Bottle— Hud-
nut's eight : ounce violet sec.
Hudnut's Sachet 50c Package —
Extreme violet, Peau D'Espagne
and heliotrope.
Glycerine Soap 5c.
Large oval cakes, highly scented,
makes an excellent lather.
Bath Sponges 12c*
Big ones for the price and good, too.