PANORAMIC VIEW OF CHARLOTTE. AMELIA. ST. ; THOMAS. AND
SCENEt ON OTHER ISLANDS •WHICH FIGURE. IN THE RECENT
VOLCANIC ERUPTIONS OF/MONTPELEE AND. LA SOUFRIERE, .
CASTRIES;' 5"/. Lucia, [May 14 —The British .steam
er .Savan/ Captain Huril<^arHve^f^e/this'morning^aiid
reports Mont Pelee tfcbcrstiWiii eruption. The trend ; of the
'flow from the volcano is to *'¦ the north.. The search- parties -re- \
¦ ,noying : the dead frotn St.' Pierre, have discovered- safes andmol
, • ten precious metaljiifcsjdr^ one-
is permitted to penetrate [into StllPicf^
nihg along the scafrontj and a cordon .of soldiers .has; been
placed. around the tozvn'. ¦ The, St:-. Pierre-Cathedral is all down
i.zviihthe exception of one tower, aiid '¦]'. of '; the : theater the zvalls |
¦alone arc now .standing... The. ¦ convent l ; which contained 200 girls -^
and " thirty-six nuns; has disappeared; as* lias. the' college, where, r
seventy- boys and fouenty-two , priests. and "professors.. were domi
ciled. ' Many thrilling and hairbreadth escapes from the. eruption :
of Mont Pclcc are reported. -, ;'.;-.: ,.J:
MONT PELEE STILL
SENDS FORTH LAVA
old crater closed, and water : fill^
ing it formed a beautiful blue
lake. For : many days Soufriere
labored 'inwardly.; in '1 a; manner
such' as was new to i the present
generation;. Then on 1 May, 5 (the
crater lake .. greatly dis
turbed.;;- 'It : >began =to boil ..and
'bubble^.like a'great : -£aidron. ! \^v.p ; '
Steam -from -'it; in : inf-
Continued on Page Three.
: £ For ninety years ; the old • volca
'no has 'been somnolent. : On [rare
occasions it has.grumbled'inter-
'naily,but it ihas been regarded as
¦ "Soufriere raises its ¦ head, 4048
feet : above sea ; level. It lies
at : the northern end i of I St. \:Vin
cent and; can be 'seen fully fifty
miles at sea on a} clear day. '('-
It-was morerthantwo weeks
a'goftliat-La Soufriere first gave
\varning that itwas about to give
a display ,ot fireworks j more, nia
jestic than has. been seen by-man
during.' the last; thousand, years^
'MAJESTIC DISPLAY.
mense clouds. The rumbling
beneath the mountain redoubled
in force, and; at 2 o'clock that af
ternoon Soufriere trembled . as
though it was in the throes of a
terrible agony. Then came a ser
ies of severe ; earthquakes that
shook V the entire island: That
night sulphuric . flames played
about the summit of the volcano,
giving it a \yeird : and terrible • ap
pearance. Steam continued to
rise in clouds, and the thunders
of ! the skies vyere joined with
those which came from the.bow
els of -Soufriere. All during
Wednesday .i the. splendid: phe - %
nbmenon; continued, '. giving
tliose who lived . in the near/ vicin
ity of the volcano ample timejto
make • their ; escape. All seem to
have V been Hypnotized, j and of
the thousands ; who were; there
only a;few hundred went; away, j
i Death was everywhere and in
its most terrible form. Light
ning came. from the. sky, killing
many who had escaped the mol
ten-streams that were pouring in
to the "valleys. For this great
tragedy the settings were won
derful. Soufriere literally rocked
in its agony v ; From its summit- a
majestic column of • smoke inky
black reached skyward. The
craters- were incandes
cent matter that gave forth pris
matic, lights as it rolled away
toward the sea.
WAVES OF. FIRlfe.
.Great waves of fire seemed to
hedge about the" mountain top*
Such tHunder. as has seldom
.been ¦ heard by \ man - cracked and
rolled tHrough the heavens. From
the earth. came tremendous deto
nations. These joined with the
s Ashes and rock, as well as lava
were carried skyward in this col
umn to deluge the island and the
ocean for : miles around. Grad
ually: the column mushroomed
at the top, .spread out into dense
clouds that descended. It was
noon on Wednesday when La
Soufriere suddenly opened send
ing six separate streams' of lava
pouring and boiling down its
sides. . ' . .. .
SENDS SIX -STREAMS.
harmless by ¦ the Indians, who
have told of the eruptions which
ceased long ago, and which they
have carried in their traditions.
From a distance dozens of cra
ters can be seen, now opening
and again closing near the crest
of La Soufriere. The force of the
eruption seems to be lessening,
but the danger is still great. The
most violent eruptions stopped in
the afternoon of May 10. •/. Many
searching parties are now out.
Seven estates have been ruined
beyond hope of repair. Two
chapels have been buried under
a stream of lava. Many houses
have been covered under masses
of ashes and lava, and; there is
hardly a spot in the. island that is
not under two inches to ten feet
j' After the eruption of r Si 2 the
FORCE OF ERUPTIONS.
By the explosion of 181 2 a
river that had existed ever since
the discovery of the island was
dried up. Down its channel here
now flows 9. swift stream of mol
ten lava which glistens like liquid
silver, an4 which. flows into the
sea within one hundred yards of
Georgetown. As the water and
the lava meet a great cloud .of
steam arises and the hissing can
be heard for miles.
threatening as to terrify the in
habitants. Smoke and flames
continue to belch from the cra
ter, over which there is an inces
sant play of lightning, forking
out from the column that reaches
so far up into the sky that the
eye cannot reach its crest.
Awful Din Is
Continued
Days.
Bodiesof Victims Are Buried
|^^|^^^^^^^tei|| of |I
Lava and Ashes.
Sugar Plantations Covering
Laid Waste.
Majestic Fury
of Elements
Described.
Kingstown is fifteen miles from
the crater which ejected, yet the
rain of missiles was almost inces
sant for three days.
From Chateau Belaire word
came that the distress there was
great. A call had been sent for
a clergyman, and one was taken
up by the Wear. Down the sides
of La Soufriere were floating
hundreds of streams of lava
which uniting and separating
formed a network from which
there was no possible escape for
any living thing caught within
its grasp. Already one thousand
bodies have been recovered, and
it is known that many hundreds
lie buried under ' the ashes that
are mantled over the island.
FUXFIIXS PROPHECY. ¦>
It is conservatively estimated
that two thousand have been.sac
rificed since the first eruption on
May 7. This includes all of the
Carib Indians, which means the
practical extinction of the race
that was found here "by Columbus
four centuries ago.
An old Indian prophecy that
the Caribs would be sacrificed to
the Fire God which they wor
shiped has thus been fulfilled. Of
the Caribs only a few individuals
remain on the islands of St. Lucia
and Dominica.
The British steamer Cermet on
Sunday ran^ through five miles of
smoke that was so dense that the
crew was almost suffocated. For
more than an hour the ship had
to be left to its own guidance.
Soufriere, though not so! ac
tive as it was last week, is stilj so
* ¦
COVERED WITH ASHES.
When Kingstown was finally
reached at daybreak it was found
panic stricken. The streets were
covered two inches deep with
ashes and stones that had fallen
during the night.
La Soufriere has been in activ
ity for nine days, and its victims
are numbered by the thousands.
A line drawn from Chateau Be
laire to Georgetown would di
vide the island of St. Vincent in
to halves. There is probably no
human being alive north of it.
1 EroxnJ5t. Lucia the erupGbtf*6f
* La -Soufriere was visible during
the night of May 7. The follow
ing night the steamship Wear of
the Royal Mail sendee in at
. tempting to force her way to
Kingstown ran into a floating
bank of ashes. For three hours
the ship was practically helpless
in a cloud of smoke and sulphu
rous gas denser than that which,
floated down from Mont Pelee.
FORT DE FRANCE,
Island of Martinique,
May 14. — St. Vincent
has passed through a
veritable baptism, of fire, and the
results are only less terrible than
those that followed the eruption
of Mont Pelee, destroying the
town of St. Pierre and its envi
rons, with their thirty to forty
thousand inhabitants.
From the special correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
From the special correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the
York Herald Publishing Company.*"
thunder all merging in an inces
sant roar that added to the panic
of the fleeing inhabitants.
This lasted through the night,
and the day and night following.
On Thursday morning a huge
column so black that it had the
appearance of ebony rose to an
estimated height of eight miles
front the top of the volcano. The
atmosphere was so laden with
sulphurous gas that life was made
almost impossible.
SUFFOCATED BY GAS.
It is believed that many of
those nearest to Soufriere were
suffocated by this gas before they
were touched by the burning
lava. Many .expected that the
entire'island would be destroyed
and the night of Thursday was
given up to prayers. All that
night the darkness was beyond
description save when everything
was made iight as broad day .by
the lightning which forked out
from the volcano. The eapth
quaked incessantly, the moun
tains shook, stones, lava and
great quantities of ashes never
ceased to fall. So terrible were
the thunders that it seemed to
the terrified that the universe was
being rent in pieces.
MUCH RUIN WROUGHT.
Friday brought a slight res*
pite. Soufriere became less agi*
tatecfc The lava streams did not
decrease, but the showers of
rocks stopped for a time. Then
those of stout heart ventured out
to take stock of the wonderful
ruin that had been wrought. All
areas of cultivation were found to
be destroyed, buried underbanka
of volcanic matter. Walabou
and Richmond plantations and
villages on the leeward coast
were wrecked. Walibou was
partly under water which had
been swept in from the sea by a
tidal wave. Five other planta
tions were gone.
;>-v Jon>IAlTS PERTSTT.
The Carib Indians hacl made
that portion of the island lying at
the base of Soufriere their coun
try. That entire district was a
smoking incinerated ruin. Ashes
were everywhere, no place being
less than two feet deep, and in
some places lava had rolled over
deep banks of ashes. Every In
dian had disappeared; If there i3
a survivor he is not yet known.
All vegetation had disappear
ed. Not a sprig of green was to
be seen on the island. Livestock
had .died. Houses had vanished.
Rivers were dry, and in their beds
rah lava.
Everywhere, north of Chateau
Belaire were dead bodies, some
half -buried, others showing that
they had been stricken down by
the lightning. A few seemed to
have been dipped in lava which
took form from them. Decom
position seemed to be almost im
mediate..
No One of the
Tribe Is
Spared.
Race of Car ibs
Is Ended in
Flames.
Survivors in
Danger of
Starving.
Suffocation Is
the Fate of
Many.
Prophecy of
the Indians
Fulfilled.
Equals the St.
Pierre Dis=
aster.
SIX STREAMS OF LAVA POUR FROM LA SOUFRIERE'S CRATER,
DEPOPULATING THE NORTHERN HALF OF ST. VINCENT ISLAND
AND BURYING TWO THOUSAND OF THE UNFORTUNATE NA TIVES
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 166.
f/i SAjST FK^NCISCO,^THXJRSpAY, MAY -15, 1902.
The San Francisco Call.BEAUTIFUL RESORT NEAR ST.
PIERRE THAT ESCAPED DE
STRUCTION.,.,
VALLEJO, May 14.— Constructor Bohra
received notice from "Washington to-day
of an allowance of $20,000 to make th«
necessary changes at the navy yard for
the substitution^ of oil for coal aa fuel.
Oil for Fuel at Mare Island.
SACRAMENTO, May 14.— Louis Birch
ler, a bartender in the "Shady Corner"
saloon, corner of Twelfth and S streets,
was shot and killed at 11 o'clock to-night
by. a man who is supposed to be a hobo.
Tho murderer escaped.
a Supposed Tramp, Who
Makes His Escape. .
Louis Birchler Shot and Killed by
SACRAMENTO BARTENDER
VICTIM OF 'A MTJRDEREB
Hill's Donation.
ST. PAUL, Minn., May 14.— President J.
J. Hill of- the Great Northern Railroad
has personally sent $500 to Washington f ot
the West Indian sufferers.
PONCA, Neb., May 14.— The fear en-,
tertained that there would be an erup
tion of Mount Iona. located near this
town, because of the renewed Issuing of
noxious gasep and smoke, has quieted
down". Although the gases continue to .
pour out no sounds have been heard
since Tuesday morning. The real cause
of the' disturbance in the hills has never
been known, but Is supposed to* be caused
by an underlying formation of limestone
becoming heated by contact with mois
ture. :
Gases From. Mount Iona.
Memorial services for the victims of the
St. Pierre calamity have been held in
every church in St. Thomas. They were*
attended by the Governor and other offi
cials, all of the foreign Consuls and tho
general public.
Herald and syndicate papers and the
United States Congress -for their prompt
measure to supply food and Hecessarle3
to the sufferers in Martinique and St.
Vincent. ' «.-
The water in Lake Dominica has
stopped boiling and conditions have be
come normal, the atmosphere being re
assuring.
Reports from, the island of St. Lucia
say that a large flre was seen last night
in the direction of Fort de France. Great
darkness and heavy rains are reported
firm St. Kitts. The extinct volcano there
remains in a normal condition.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., May 11-
Throughout the "West Indies great
praise i3 given to the New York
SAD SERVICE
IS HELD FOR
THE VICTIMS
mm OMINICA, B. W. L, May 14.—
of jjl A refugee who arrived her*
B n to-day on the steamship So-
S Mr lent re P° rts t P At St - I* ierre
JSL^^P has the appearnce of having:
been long under a fierce and
effective bombardment. No
lava reached the city, which was almost
buried under ashes.
Great fires were burning at St. Pierre
last night and are believed to have been
pyres upon which the dead bodies were
being destroyed.
All refugees bitterly denounce the Gov
ernor, who refused to permit a general
exodus from St. Pierre when Mont Pelee
began to threaten early last week. To
prevent a panic he had the city guarded,
by soldiers, who drove back all who at
tempted to flee.
The Governor and hia party tried to
leave Just before the final catastrophe,
but were caught by the sheet of flame
and all died.
The sulphur springs of Dominica are ac
tive, but little fear is expressed that ther»
will be serious trouble.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrleht, 1902. by the Herald
- Publishing Company.
People Driven
Back by
Troops.
Censured for
Preventing
Escapes.
Governor Is
Reported
Dead.
To-morrow mqrair,? commencing at 10
§ o'clock piere will .be held a solemn memo
rial service in the French church Notre
Dame des Victoires, on Bush street, for
the i€pos<> of- th«s souls of the 'victims of
the terrible catastrophe at Martinique.
Memorial Service.
Vesuvius Is Not in Eruption:
£ARIS,; May 14.— A dispatch from Na«
pies to ; the. Journal says Mount • Vesuvius
shows signs of activity. ¦ I^ava" is flow-
Ing from the' crater oh the Pompeii ftldd
while hot; cinders : are thrown up - from
time to time. • • . •
NAPLES, May 14.— The report publish
ed in : Paris that r Mount Vesuvius is' in
eruption is without foundation. • '
? ' rf> Jii iiifiyiilTiii ii i ' ¦ . ¦¦¦ ¦*•> Kr -\J<U9'jbBKKB
ROOT -'ACCEPTS OFFER.
. : WASHINGTON, " May " 14. — Secretary
Root . to-day accepted the r offer j of - Louis
;Klopsch of the. Christian Herald) to. send
1000 barrels' of flour to the Martinique suf
ferers and directed that' the flour be; car->
ried:on a Government : transDdrt Jto'.the.
stricken ViBlanders.fr The coffer to Bend
twenty trained- nurses will not : be ' acted
on, until: it. is .known (Whether they will be"
needed.': • ".*•.- : •' ¦ - -..-¦-'• ..-¦;. '- ; -.,
'/Earthquakes almost Invariably precede
eruptions of this kind, "-satid Dr.' Gregpr>\
"I 'surmise that there was a series of
earthquakes, ending in a" number of ex
plosions In the volcano, and then a final
bursting out of the main mass, which was
so destructive, It Is not likely that the
sea water had anything to do with tho
original explosion. The scttered rocks in
the mountain itself must have burst Into
a ; stream when' the pressure .was relieved •
The whole top of 'tho volcano", was first
.blown off.. Then the • mass exploded in
I midair, i falling as fire* dust, oh .the. city,
while , the mud and lava. poured over- the
orifice.'- It is quite Hk«ly that earthquakes
will follow now An the neighboring, and
sympathetic regions. : > :•<'
"As to the lava reported to have flowed
in three, minutes from the crater to. the
sea, I take, it to have been much mort>
likely mud, and hot water, C while* the lava
flow, being of thicker constituency, camo
later.::. I : expect to hear, that there '.were
heavy. rains at: the time of the explosion.
The whole chain of islands inUhe Carib
bean Sea is undergoing a change from an'
island to a continental structure, as ;i3
Japan. Earthquakes ,and volcanic ' erup
tions will ¦./; continue until this ¦" is com
pleted.: In time the whole chain will be a
new* continent,-, connected by, a land'sur
face throughout.'! i - ¦ ¦.
sity, believes that an earthquake t
pieceded the volcanic eruption in Mar
tinique, and that the archipelago' will; in
time become a continent. , ,; ';r
m tEW HAVEN, -Conn., May,. 141— Dr. ;
. /\/ .Herbert E. Gregory, assistant pro
'¦*• ¦» fessor of geology in Yale Univer-
Thompson took refuse'. In' 'his' cabin,
burying himself in bedclothes. At one
time he wirs uu to his neck in hot water.-
Oa,puizi ilusph wits fearfully burned and
uicu in six hours. The men who. were
taved fought the fire on the chip for
hours. Finally they took to a raft and
¦vvcre rescued by the French warship. Su
enct. The steamer Korona, from Barba
doesi, arrived at Martinique Friday moru
in«£ and went to Fort de France, taking
on Scott, mate vl the Roraima, and
Thompson, and leaving others in the hos
jjital.
The Governor, of Martinique and his
family had arrived in St. Pierre to attend
maes at is o'clock on the morning of the
fatal day. . UcaenU .services were' beins
licld. the i>eoi>le believing all danger had
passed, and the cathedral and city
churches tverc -.Oiled with worshipers -at
ll:c moment of the catastrophe. Pumice
f»ton<:3 in treat quantities are floating to
the southern shore of Guadeloupe. It is
reported that the Martinique inhabitants
w«re in a semi-paiiic a few days previous
to the ca-tAstrophe and were eager .to
leave St. Pierre. The uoverument ; as
sured them there was no danger and a
cordon of soldiers was established to pre
vent their leaving. ¦ Fort de France is paid
to be quite safe and no danger is appre
hended there. ¦ . . ',
ST. CROIX. D- W. 1.. May 14.-Charles
Thompson, second -purser of the
steamer Roralma. gives this report
; of the disaster at St. Pierre:
"The Roralma arrived at Martinique at
6 o'clock on Thursday morning. At" five
minutes before 8 o'clock there was a sud
den and report, and Mont Pelee
«uve yoA to an ugly mass of dark mat
ter, which, spreading over the entire cUy
mid, environs for about seven miles, sud
denly broke into a solid flame. This flame,
traveling with hurricane force, spread
ovtr the bay, enveloping all shipping in
a perfect maelstrom. A tidal wave twen
ty-live feet high passed ovef the burning
tsmps, snapping spars and funnels a±> if
they were pipestems. Fire, mud. ashes
ttna hot stone* rained upon the ltoralma's
Uecks. ' . •. - ,.-.,•-..
. The. loss. at St. Pierre of. the Grappler
the cable repair ship of the West India
and Panama Telegraph Company, was a
severe blow to St.. Thomas,': as nearly all
of the crew, was related there. Subscrip
tions have been opened to relieve their
destitute families, on behalf of whom an
earnest appeal has been made. ¦¦ ¦-¦'¦-:¦.' .-•
, ST. THOMAS. D. W. I., May. 14.-It is
reported here from the French Island of
Gaudeloupe- that pumice, stone in great
quantities is floating on the sea there and
at the British island of. Dominica, and
tuat much stone has been cast upon the
beaches of theae islands. ;- '
Severe Blow to St. Thomas.
- The situation in St. Vincent is veiled be
hind a wall of fire. Nobody can approach
the neighborhood of the volcano of Sou
friere, and Jt Is certain that air within
a radius of several miles of the fire
epouting mountain are dead^' Among the
other victims are the last of the Carib
aborigines of these islands. Word of the
destruction , of the Carib village which
was in a valley near the center of -the
death zone on St. Vincent was brought
here by Mr. Renshaw. a rich merchant
of St. Lucia. In the Spanish: islands the
aborigines were all killed off. but tho
British fostered the. remnant on St. Vin
cent and helped them to maintain this
village. There were only a few dozen of
them. So this 'Volcanic upheaval has
wiped a race from the earth, for there Is
not now a Carib alive in the world. There
is intense suffering all over St. Vincent.
The streams are filled with lava and peo
ple are dying of thirst. -•••' ' ¦
The neighboring Islands are doing- all
they can, and American, French and Ger
man warships, are rendering aid, but the
food question. is desperate, so enormous
are the masses of refugees who must be
cared for. None of those -who have
.crowded .into, Fort.de France has any idea
of returning to the slopes of the volcano.
Certainly nobody who is in Martinique
will ever live there after having seen the
scenes that are all about us. It" Is more
than doubtful if St. Pierre will ever again
figure on any map. It is no longer a city
—It is hardly a ruin— and it is not likely
to be rebuilt. The volcano is still vomit
ing smoke and fire over the city that was
erased from ' the earth in. a moment. St.
Pierre's dead are a multitude as great aa
tholiving that now make Fort de France
tho most crowded community in the West
Indies. ' • - •¦•¦;
ready densely crowded city. They
reach^ here on the" verge of starvation,
and many of them are badly- burned.-
FORT DE FRANCE, May 14.-Refu
gees-from the neighborhood of St.
Pierre continue" to flock to this al-
FOOD! FOOD!
IS THE CRY OF
THE REFUGEES
EARTHQUAKES
MAY CREATE
A CONTINENT
"I arrived here yesterday. 1 and found the
state of affairs much worse than had been
stated. The Administrator's reports show
that the country on. the east coast, be
tween Robin' Rock' and Georgetown, was
apparently struck and . devastated In a
manner similar to that which destroyed
St. Pierre, and 1 fear that practically all
Uving things in that radius were killed.
Probably 1600 persons lost their lives. The
exact number will never b« known. Man
agers and owners of the • estates, .with
their families, and several of the bet
ter class of people have been killed, j A
thousand bodies : have been found and
burned. One hundred and sixty persons
are in the hospital at Georgetown. . Prob
ably only six of this number will recover.
"The details of the disaster are too har
rowing for description. I. got at St. Lucia
a coasting steamer, which is running up
and down the leeward coast with water
and provisions. Twenty-two hundred per
sons have received relief.
"I have asked for medical officers from
Trinidad and Grenada. All the neighbor
ing British colonies are assisting gener
ously. Every effort' is being made to
grapple with th& awful calamity. 1 ; •- : ; ¦ ;
; "All the best sugar estates in the Carib
bean country are devastated and the cat
tle are dead. The eruption continues, but
is apparently moderating. Anxiety is still
felt. All the officers and residents are co
operating with me. The ladies are mak
ing clothing." "
Sir Frederic M.Hodgeeon, the Governor
of Barbadoes, forwarded to the Colonial
Office to-day the report of * the Colonial
Secretary, who has just returned from a
visit to St. Pierre. Martinique;- It: con
firms the worst^accounts of. the disaster:
The Secretary compares the ignited mat
tar, which destroyed everything within an
irea of ten miles long by six wide, to
burning sealing wax. He adds, signifi
cantly. • tljat the services of doctors are
not required,, as there are no wounded
persons. - * ' ''..,". ."" , -. ¦••'
Governor Hodgeson estimates that two
million tons of volcanic dust. fell on the
isla.id of Barbadoes. ,/ :'¦ t .. ; .. ¦
¦> T • QNDON, May, 14.— The. Governor of
'¦/.i- the Windward; Islander. Z, Sir Robert
-*^< Llewellyn, telegraphs to, the Colonial
; - ; ; Office from: the island of St. Vincent,
undei* date of Tuesday, '• May 13, as fol
lows: ¦ ..": . ¦ . '". . ; ' ; - : V ¦'.' : ¦•¦
ONE THOUSAND
BODIES FOUND
AND BURNED
The. Dixie. passed out by Sandy Hook to
sea at 11:04 o'clock. ' , .
; The Chamber of Commerce met to-day
C-«» ALL B U R E A U. 1406- • G
~ STREET, N. W.,' WASH
INGTON, May 14.-From Com
j mander T. C. McLean, com
f manding the cruiser Cincin
nati, came to-day the first offi
cial news that St. Vincent Is
also suffering- from the effects of the re
cent earthquake. This is Commander Mc-
Lean's message from Fort.de France,
sent to-day to the Secretary of the Navy:
"Arrived at St. Pierre this morning.
Came here message, assisting government
of Martinique. News of disaster St. Vin
cent. ¦ Have sent Potomac; will follow if
necessary." . -
The Sterling, laden with supplies gath
ered at Porto Rico, will arrive at Fort de
France to-morrow and will immediately
begin the distribution of relief. - It had
been believed that this ship was already
on her way, but apparently some delay
was experienced in loading her." ¦ •
• Brigadier. General Weston, commissary
general of subsistence, has furnished the
secretary of War with a memorandum
showing tnat tne Dixie carries Stores
costing $59,403 93. They weigh ; 900 tons
and will support 50,000 people for thirty
six days. ;
BTJFPAXO IS READY..
Rear Admiral Barker has notified the
Navy Department that tho Buffalo has
been unloaded and can sail at two hours'
notice. She will be freighted with sup
plies not gathered 1n time tor the Dixie.
Secretary Root has directed Major D.
L. Brainard, purchasing commissary.
Army building. New York, tp take charge
of private contributions. He will arrange
for their shipment to Martinique and St.
Vincent.
The House Appropriations Committee
is apparently not disposed to report the
resolution passed by the Senate appro
priating $300,000 additional for relief. Rep
resentative Cannon • and his associates
seem to be of the opinion that sufficient
money has been appropriated, especially
in view of the call made upon the country
for private contributions, 'and they hav,»
announced their intention of taKxiig no
action upon the Senate resolution until
the necessity for more funds- is shown
by further reports of the conditions in
Martinique and St. Vincent.
PROVISIONS NEEDED.
Lieutenant B. B. McCofmick, command
ing the Potomac, sent, the following from
Fort de France, dated yesterday: »
"Inhabitants St. Pierre, sixteen vessels,
totally destroyed. Surrounding villages
uninhabited. Island covered with de
struction. Ashes wflhlri live "miles Fort
de France. Provisions needed 50,000 ref
ugees within ten days., Inform command
ant San Juan."
Secretary Hay to-day received the ¦ fol
lowing cablegram from Consul Aymo in
answer to the Secretary's inquiry as- to
whether fresh water and supplies are
needed : . , ."> '. . . . • . . - ;
"Water not needed, but food imperative
for 60,000 refugees. . 1 have cabled this to
Governor of Porto Rico, answering his
query as to what was ¦ wanted. I shall
stay here to distribute supplies. The Cin
cinnati is here." ;
Adjutant General Corbin received .the
telegram from Sun Juan, Porto Rico, say
ing j.hat the collier Sterling would sail
•with supplies for Martinique.- The cable
gram says: . • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ "¦¦" •.
¦ "Collier Sterling will sail ft to-morrow.
J4lh. with • following stores, s Captain
¦Crabb, quartermaster's department, -in
charge: . Subsistence stores, in pounds,
sent as follows: 21,000 flour and ¦ hard
bread: 3099 beans: SOW rice; 5000 bacon;
1000 milk: 200u coffee; 5000 sugar; 2200 cod
fish and salmon, and 500 salt. Quarter
master supplies: 100 blankets; 3250 blouses
ana coats: 1200 hats; 11.000 shirts; 10.00J
drawers; 2000 shoes; 5000 stockings; 8000
trousers. Lieutenant A. Moreno, pro
vincial regiment, and Quartermaster Ser
geant Samuel L. Kemp accompany
Crabb. Lieutenant Colonel James A. Bu
chan, commanding Porto Rican infantry
regiment."*
PROMPT RESPONSE.
Practically all of these: who are named
by the President to serve on the Mar
tinique relief committee have wired their
acceptance and have indicated a willing
ness to enter heartily into the work of
raisins and recfcivinf contributions In aid
of the sufferers. Already large amounts
are reported as having been received and
the President is much gratified at th£
prompt response to his appeal.
Major Brainard, commissary of sub
sistence, U. S. A., purchasing commis
ury, Army building. New York city,' Is
designated by the Secr#tary of War', to
take charge otl any contributions that
may be made by the citizens of New
York and other cities • for the sufferers
in the French West Indies and which thfe
citizens' committee may wish forwarded
through- the War Deparmcnt. All stores
should be turned over to Major Brainard,
who > will , prepare the same for re-ship
ment, giving- receipts, and rendering ac
count of ' commissary -general of subsis
tence of all stores received I and j disposi
tion -mad*. ¦• . ¦ >.
cruiser' dixie sails.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The United
States auxiliary cruiser Dixie, which has
on board almost'SOOO tons of supplies, cph
sisting of provisions and clothing, for the
relief of the people on the island of Mar
tinique, passed, out of quarantine at 10:12
to-night for Fort de France. It is probr
able that the Dixie v/iU reach that place
next Tuesday. The vessel also carries 'a
number of surgeons and about $5000 worth
of medical supplies. - ? ¦ . •
Jessup named the committee of sixty
and announced that It would hold a meet-
Ing to-morrow t*. organize. ,
Hewitt's name heads the committee,
and . other • members ara Gustav H
Schwab, Levi P. Morton. Whitelaw Reid.
Cornelius N. Bliss, Jacob H. Schiff, Emi
A. Boas, DO. Mills. James Speyer, Isidor
Strauss. John A: McCall, Daniel S. La
aont. Robert S. Ogden and Bray ton Ives.
Cornelius 1\. Bljss announced the action
of the President of the United States in
appointing a national relief, committee,
and said the chamber's committee would
work In harmony with the national com
mittee. " ¦¦
in special session to "ratify the action
taken by its president, Morris K. Jesfiup,
for the immediate relief of the survivors
of the Martinique disaster by the pur
chase of the food supplies on the steamer
Mafliana and the sending of additional
supplies on the steamer Montabelle on Sat
urday, and to take further action for the
relief of the sufferers. ... ..
President Jessup presided and reported
what he had done. Abram S. Hewitt of
fered a resolution, wh|ch was adopted, de
claring that, "the Chamber of Commerce
of the State of New York, mourning for
tho dead and full of compassion for the
living thus suddenly reduced to a condi
tion of actual starvation, calls upon its
members to provide the means for imme
diate succor to its neighbors in their dire
distress, and with that end in View here
by constitutes a committee of sixty, to
be named by President Jessup, with pow
er to add to their numbers and appoint
their own officers, whose duty it shall be
tj provide at once for the forwarding of
the necessary supplies ' to be secured by
the ; contributions - of its members and of
such other persons as may desire to as
sist in this labor of love a"nd duty "
.The resolution indorses the'recommen
dation of President Roosevelt to Congress
for a large appropriation of money and
the provision of ships and supplies for the
relief of the stricken people. The secre
tary or the Chamber of Commerce is au
thorized to receive; contributions for the
relief work. . ' • "
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Government Vessels Are on
the Way With Supplies
for Sufferers.
WALL OF FIRE
THE BEARER
OF CALAMITY
POINT- A-PITRE, Guadfiloupe. May 14
—I have just returned from Martinique,
•where the- eruption continues, covering the
island with ashes which are in places
many feet deep. The rumblings of the
volcano aro heard continuously. St.
Pierre can now be approached. Troops
and a man-of-war have been sent there to
search ruins and bury the dead The
stench in the city Is awful. The streams
«:f lire that .destroyed St. Pierre came
irom the side of the mountain, which
opened and closed, leaving large and verv
gjC*<«r*yice8 r.ear Macuba and Grand
The sea during the catastrophe with
drew several hundred feet; coming back
beaming with fury. The officers in
charge of a boat making soundings off the
island report a depth of 4000 feet, where
formerly it was only 608, to the bottom
fumice stone and ashes cover the sea for
mnr.y hundred miles.. -,
The cablo rrnair steamer saved 500 per
sons who were surrounded by burning
lava near La Precheur. Many wounded
persons were found at Home Rouge
THE SEA WITHDREW.
Some of the walls of the houses that
Ktill stand crumble and fall at touch
Some idea of the terrible heat that poured
down from Mont Pelce may be had when
U is known that the iron rollers of the
Prlncl'e sugar mills were melted as
though they had been passed throujrh a
furnace.
ZTEGHO PBISONEB ! SAFE.
In all St. Pierre only a single human
being escaped the work of Mont Pelee
The- one is a negro murderer, who was
locked in a cell so far underground that
the gases, as well as the flames, failed to
reach him. There he remained for four
cays before his cries were heard. When
the cell door was thrown open he dashed
away toward the distant woods. Me is
fcelitved to have been crazed by the awful
experience through which he passed.
Anrned soldiers are now watching the
workers to prevent the robbing of the
dead bodies or the ruins. Vandals con
tinue to profit, but orders that have been
given to shoot down any person who is
seen robbing a body will put a stop to the
crime. . . .
Many of the bodies are carbonize* and
swollen. Some are encrusted with ashes.
Under one ruin perhaps only a single
bedy will be found, while not far oft will
be a group of a half-score huddled togath
erd. Searchers often while walking
through the ashes step upon what ap
pfcars to be a charred pillar of stone, only
to learn as it yields grewsomely under
foot that it is the trunk of another unfor
tunate. . . .
In the streets the ashes, and cinders
are in places six feet deep. Everywhere,
are the dead bodies, decomposing and
giving eff a stench that makes the work
ers faint. Although thousands have been
burned, bodies still remain to be cre
mated.
The dead are being burned, the pyres
fcelTi^T fed with petroleum and tar. Great
fires are kept going, which at night light
up the entire island, and which, being
seen at St. Lucia, led to the belief that
Fort de France had been burned. It is
impossible to give an adequate descrip
tion of the conditions existing in St.
Pierre. The fires in the city have burned
themselves out. making it possible to d!g
tlowri into the ruins, thus revealing the
horrors that have been buried.
IiEAD BODIES EVERYWHERE.
day brought in from his pas
torate, four miles north of here, stoned
as large us walnuts which, he said fell
there last night, doing considerable dam
age. Ashjes and cinders have been thrown
forth by Pelee, but the danger has not
again threatened St. Pierre. In the de
stroyed city the work among -the ruins
is being continued in an unsatisfactory
manner. The soldiers ' have to be. forced
to act, and hour by hour the danger of
an outbreak of pestilence* increases.
FORT DE FRANCE, Island of
Martinique. May 14. — Mont
Pelee has again been in erup
tion, but the fall of volcanic
matter has been away from
St. Pierre. A French <;ure to-
¦•¦. -....¦-•
Special Cable to The Call ana. the New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1U02. by the Herald
Publithins Company. • ;
Force Is Used
in Urging
Troops.
Work Is Slow
Among the
Ruins.
Mont Pelee Is
Again in
Action.
ST. PIERRE ESCAPES PRESENT ERUPTION
-. 'y BERLIN, May - 14.'— The Town , Council
•of: Berlin has unanimously recommended
to the, municipal authorities the immedi
ate donation of '40,000 marks for the relief
of ' the' sufferers in i the". West Indies. Bjj
sldes; this action of the Town Council va
rious other efforts toasfitet the West In
dian ' sufferers ¦ are belng^ made. */A. cor
poration Cot , Berlin 'merchants '.- has opened
subscriptions to this 1 end, and,the'Frank
furter. Zeitung has done .likewise in South
Germany. " >.-• : , i . . ¦ . v
• PARIS, May; 14.— The '¦ meeting ; tO'day
called by. the American Chamber of Com-,
mere* was well attended and over- 12,000
francs' was subscribed* in' a few minutes
: to 'aid' the; destitute people at Martinique."
Henry; Vignaud,- the United States Charge
' d'Affalres,'! presided. ¦.•; ;-'"¦¦ ••'¦'.,¦
:<• Former President - Kruger has sent a
message j of : condolence -to President Lou
bet, • in'; which " he r says ' that, • although
handicapped by. circumstances, be ; desires
to emphasize ¦ his sympathy by contribut-
from ' the j Martinique disaster.
if~j,OME. May 14.— The Pope has contrlb-
I-^uted 20,000 lire to.. the- fund being
*.V- raised" for' the relief of. the sufferers
POPE LEO JOINS
IN SUBSCRIBING
FOR SUFFERERS
The stench at St. Pierre is -terribly- of-,
f ensive. ; The streets are still obstructed
by huge piles of debris and dead bodies;
The work of clearing the, thoroughfares
will necessitate the employment of large
numbers of men for many months.
Mordlage Rouge, near St. Pierre, is
preserved, and ', Bassepoint and Maceuba.
are yet unhurt, but the volcano is still
active and smoke and ashes are still
blowing steadily northward. :The surviv
ing inhabitants are trying to. cross from
St.. 1 Pierre: to the island of Dominica, in
beats. Many drowning casualties are re
ported. . Assistance is ' constantly arriving
at Fort de France from all the neighbor
ing islands. . It has just'.- been officially
reported that there were 1600 dead up to
yesterday at St. Vincent.
.The church tower, built by the Jesuits
two centuries ago, of. heavy masonwork,
is now like a huge heap of old metal. -
Soldiers are guarding property from
prowling ghouls, .who are robbing the
dead. 1 ; They meet with severe punishment
when caught. • ¦
; :>_ Martinique, by the ¦ relieving
steamer Kenneth. The destruction there
is appalling. The streets are .two feet
deep in. ashes * and i cinders, which cover
thousands of dead bodies, scorched blacx
and; shiny as if. they ;had been plunged
into boiling pitch. Many of the ' dead
were never touched by the volcanic flre.
and some of the houses and woodwork de
stroyed show no signs of burning. At
Mordlage, in the southwestern Dart of
St. Pierre, the town hall is still standing
as. high /as the firsts story, while at the
fort, irf the northwestern part of St.
Pierre, the most massive stonework is
calcined. *-
y~T ASTRIES, Island of St. Lucia,
£ -y. . Tuesday. .May; 13.— A correspowl-
ent here has visited St. Pierre,
DEAD BODIES
LITTER ALL
THE STREETS
"While in neither case is there recorded
any great disaster approaching in seri
ousness that of Martinique and of St. Vin
cent, it will still be seen from the record
that the dangers in Panama are greater
vthan in Nicaragua, and in view of the
recent calamities in the "West Indies and
the great public interest aroused these
considerations will have great weight
when the canal bill comes to a decision.
The commission's report found that the
entire isthmus was a volcanic region, and
in general terms the region of volcanoes
te a region- of earthquakes. The records
for points along the proposed Nicaragua
canal show fourteen earthquakes during
the period. from the time" of the Spanish
conquest up , to 1886. The record for the
Panama canal for that time shows
tvrertty-elght earthquakes, of which
twelve took place in three years— 1882, 18S3
and 18S4— which illustrates the' incom
pleteness of the record so far as Panama
is concerned. Since 1886 there have been
no earthquakes of any importance along
either route. The only disturbance to
cause serious injury in Nicaragua was
that of 1S84, when the towns of Rlvas and
Grey town' received considerable damage
There were two earthquakes in Panama
classed aa destructive— one in 1861, when
the town, of Panama was almost de
stroyed, and another in 1882, which is still
well remembered.
"One has only to consider briefly the
facts of this story,", said Morgan, "to
become convinced that so far as earth
quake disturbances are concerned the
Nicaragua route is altogether the best.
The Isthmian Canal Commission went
ii:to the question very thoroughly and has
made up a -record of earthquakes, by the
Panama and Nicaragua lines which goes
to show that there 'has been twice as
many earthquake disturbances along the
Panama line as along Nicaragua. This
fact speaks for itself."
est in the discussion of the connec
tion between earthquakes, volcanic erup
tions and canal routes, and takes the
ground that the record of disturbances in
the isthmus is altogether in favor of the
Nicaragua route.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W. f WASHINGTON. May 14.-Sen
ator Morgan has taken great inter-
MORGAN SEES
AN ADVANTAGE
IN NICARAGUA
jng £00 francs toward .the Martinique fund.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. May 14.— The
Legislature to-day voted £1000 for the re
lief of -the sufferers of St. Vincent and
Martinique. During the debate Secretary-
Olivier said it was not certain that the
Imperial Government would even now see
the desirability, in the interests of the in
habitants, of evacuating the island of St.
Vincent. He knew Great Britain years
ago considered a scheme for distributing
the inhabitants among the other islands,
and thought the recent hurricane and
present calamity should decide the course
cf th« Government.
LONDON, May 14.— At the request of Jo
seph Chamberlain, the Colonial Secretary,
Sir Joseph Dlmsdale, Lord Mayor of Lon
don, has opened a fund at the Mansion
Hcuse for the relief of the victims of the
volcanic eruption on the island of St. Vin
cent.
The following telegram was received
yesterday from the President, notifying
' the Mayor of his appointment on the com
mittee: : : • - . ¦'¦ - - ¦ r '
•,:.." WHITE HOUSE. .. 1-.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 13, 1002. $
'Mayor. Schmitz, San Francisco, .Cal.: The
President has appointed you a member of a
committee. to receive and distribute funds for
the relief of the sufferers from the recent
catastrophes In Martinique and St. Vincent.
The appeal made to the- public to-day will give
you information on i certain matters of detail.
Your prompt acceptance will be most gratify
ing to the President. ¦- . ~
GEORGE B. CORTELYOU, Secretary.
¦ In reply the Mayor sent the following
telegram to the President:
George B. Cortelyou, Secretary to the Presi
dent, Washington, D. C. : Mayor Schmitz ac
cepts' the 'President' a appointment on the Mar
tinique and St. Vincent relief committee and
is proceeding immediately, and. energetically to
assist the President In his prompt and prac
tical effort to relieve ~the necessities and dis
tress or the sufferers in this overwhelming and
appalling calamity.
..'..,¦ ' ' GEORGE B. KEANE,
¦ • Secretary to the Mayor.
"'Following is a copy of the letter sent
"Wednesday • morning by. Actor James
Neill. now playing at the California Thea
ter, offering the services of himself and
company: in response to 1 the President's
#call • for .relief . for the Martinique suffer
.ers: '.- ; ;' p . ;. - .¦•¦•¦
*¦;-¦."; ,-.< ,: : . California Theater,. May 14.
.A. Sbarboro Esq.,. chairman San Francisco
Martinique j relief' committee — Dear Sir: . In
response to the appeal made by his Excellency,
the President of the United States,' and through
you, to the people of_ San Francisco for prompt
aid : to ' alleviate the* sufferings . of the unfor
tunate people ' at Martinique and St. Vincent,'
I take a special pleasure In offering the ser
vices, of myself and companyfor the purposes
of a "special entertainment: to be given at such
early, date as may. be deemed best. You may
.further'call upon my personal services as well
as. those of the members of the Nelll Company
in any, manner that may bring prompt assist
ance to the jgreat ¦ charity you-have in hand.'
Yours truly, , . . ". JAMES -NEILL, ¦
Dated Mayor*/ office, May 14, 1902.
To the People of San Francisco: ,The Presi
dent of the United States having requested me
to act as one of the committee to solicit and
receive aid for-, the survivors of
the dreadful catastrophe which has .over
whelmed the islands of Martinique and of St.
Vincent, and which, accompanied by an ap
r-allingr and almost unimaginable loss of life,
has rendered desolate the land to which those
who have escayed death's visitation must look
for sustenance, I do hereby call upon the hu
mane and charitably inclined and upon all
citizens - and residents of this fortunate city,
rich and poor, mighty and humble, to con
tribute at once to the extent of their ability
such sums of money, laree or small, as they
may be disposed to subscribe for the relief of
the sufferings and misery entailed by this hor
rlblff disaster: ' To be of any benefit the moneys
to" be Becured muet be raised- at once. Let
every one slve whatever he may find possible.
Our -whole nation, has been appealed to in this
behalf: I appeal to" the generous people 'of
San Francisco tq act at once and without
further solicitation or personal urging.
• For convenience and immediate dispatch, un
til further notice, subscriptions will be re
ceived at this office and at the business office*
of The fall Chronicle. Examiner, Bulletin and
Post. : All contributions will be suitably ac
knowledged. . A meeting of the relief com
mittee of San Francisco appointed by the Pres
ident will be - held Thursday morning for
further atftlon. • Meanwhile let no time be lott
and let San Francisco move promptly^ in this
sorrowful yet noble gcHMITZ . Mayor .
committee appointed .by
the President to' take the. matter , in
charge, consisting, of Mayor Schmitz.
George A. Newhall, A. Sbarboro, Robert
J. Tobin, Henry T. Scott and A. A. Wat
kins has been called for' this morning !n
the Mayor's office, ' when plans^ will be
arranged for the collection, of funds.
Mayor Schmitz heads the list of contribu
tors with $50, and Lev! Strauss & Co.
has sent a check for $500. The proclama
tion' follows:
TH| JBT ATOR SCHMITZ yesterday
/I SB issued -a proclamation urg
-. / \f B ' ing immediate contribu
/ ¥ Be tions for the sufferers at
j^ f fl Martinique and St. Vin
cent.^ j*. meeting, of the
Mayor Schmitz Appeals to
San Franciscans to Aid
the Afflicted.
THE SAN FKANiGISCO CALL, THUESDAY, MAY 15, 1902
2
¦ : ,' DB. PIERCE'S JRlTMTnyiES. :
f the-Imearjj
The human heart, that most wonderful -
of engines, is scarcely larger than a man's
fist. Yet in each twentv-four hours the
dual heart moves approximately six tons
of blood, equivalent to about two barrels
of blood per hour. And this continues
without ceasing, from the first breath of
infancy to the last sigh of age. Is it any
wonder that when continued extra strain
is put upon so delicate and busy an or-
gan, it should break down? Is it any
wonder that in this age of overwork
there should be an increasing number of
deaths attributed to heart failure ? ";.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the organs of digestion
and nutrition and purines and enriches
the blood. One of the ingredients enter-*
ing into the n Discovery w is one of the
best heart tonics known to medicine.
Thus while through the action of n Golden
Medical Discovery" the body is nour-
ished into strength, the heart is also
strengthened and an adequate blood sup-
ply is pumped to the stomach and kid-
neys thus improving the action of these
organs.
Sick people, especially those suffering
from chronic diseases, are invited to con-
sult Dr. Pierce by letter free, and so ob-
tain without charge, the opinion of a
specialist on their ailments. All corres-
pondence strictly confidential. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. .
" I had been troubled with catarrh of th« stom-
ach and heart trouble." writes Mr. W. D. Merch-
ant, of Tylersburjr. Clarion Co., Penna. "Had
doctored for some time without relief, then I be-
gan to take Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery. < I took seven bottles. Before I began to
take it I weighed 119 pounds, and now I weigh
.17$. I am working steadily and feel like * new
man. . I send you many thanks."
. . Dr. Pierce's. Pleasant Pellets cleanse the
bowels and stimulate the sluzziah liver,
,. ..._ ...Continued From Page One.
Army, orders announce that the leave
of , absence granted Captain Donald P.
McCord, assistant surgeon, Department
of California, Is extended one month. Sec
ond Lieutenant Robert D.' Goodwin, For
tieth Infantry,, is relieved from ,duty in
the Department of California and' will
Join his regiment. :<" ,
Navy orders announce that Cadets E P.
Finney, H. S. Klice, J. G. Myers, J. O
Richardson, J. C. Townsend, F. ,W. Ster
ling, R. R. Adams, H. A. Baldridge, C!
Bean, A. G. Howe, R. P. Craft and F. S.
Whitten will go to the Sola'ce, thence to
the Asiatic station. Cadets F. C. Martin
J. H. . Blackburn, E. J. Marquart and I C
S. Kerrick are ordered to the Oregon, and
Cadet T. L. Osburn to the Wisconsin.
Washington— John Roe, Winlock, $8*
Abram Casler, Vashon, $12; . Asher W.
Parker, Laconner, $8; Frederick A. Bates
Tacoma, $8. ,
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—Thomas H. White, Sacra
mento, *6; William York, .Vallejo, $6;
Charles M. Garwood, Napa, $8; Charles
Sheiton, Veterans' Home, Yountville, $12;
Thomas J. Robbins, Veterans' Home'
Napa, $12; Chester L. Eldred, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; James Martin,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; James
Rlley, San Francisco, $12; John G. Burns
San .Francisco, $8. Widows— Elizabeth
McKenzie, Sacramento, $12. .
Oregon— Increase— Levi Jones, Independ
ence, $10.
The following Increases In salaries of
postmasters In California were announced
to-day: Needles, from $1300 to $1500; Mon
rovia, $1200 to ' $1300; Newcastle, $1400 to
$1500; Newman, $1200 to $1300; Oakdale,
$1300 to $1400; Ontario, $1600 to $1700; Oro
ville, $1800 to $1900; Oxnard,. $1500 to $1700;
Palo Alto, $1800 /to $200d; Pasadena, , $2700
to $2900; Pleasanton, $1200 to $1400.
"WASHINGTON, May 14.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced: Postof
fice discontinued May 31: California-
Oregon House, Yuba County, mall to Dob
bins. Postmaster commissioned: Califor
nia—Albert Geisselman, Agua Caliente.
Postmasters appointed: California— A. H.
Wilson, Atlas, Napa- County, vice ' M. D.
W; Stockham, deceased. Oregon — Emma
Beaumont, Hutchinson, Baker ¦ County,
vice J. B. Hutchinson, resigned. Wash
ington—F. M. Halsey, Lake, Asotin Coun
ty, vice J. T. Morrison, resigned; C. V.
Swanson, Lithow, Cowlitz County, vice
Victor Carlson, deceased. : :
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
CF INTEREST TO . PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
: LOUISVILLE, May 14.— Churchill Downs re
sults: ... •'../•
First race, five furlongs, selling — Lulu Glaser
won, Ti3sue second, Laura Lighter third. Time,
l-.iKiVi,. . , ' .
Second race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling— Jessie Jarboe .won, Dolly Wagner sec
ond. Lena third. Time, l:4«V>i. .
Third race, six furlongs, s?lllnz— Binhelio
.won, Masterful second, lsobel third. Time,
1:1(5. ' • ,
' Fourth' race, handicap, seven furlongs-^-Toah
won. Abe Frank second, Martin Burke third.
Time, 1:21 Uj.
Fifth race,' one mile — South Trimble won.
Hunter Raine second, Harry New third. Time.
1-AlV,. : '
Sixth race, six furlonKS— Jim Clark won.
Imp. Labyia second, Operator third. Time,
l:.W%. . :
.CHICAGO, May 14.— Worth results: .
' First race.' seven furlongs— Dodie S won,
Ada S G second. Lemuel third. Time, 1:41.
. Second race, one milf — Guy H won, Oxnard
second, Domadge third. Time, 1:55 2-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Amirante won.
Botany second. Henry of Franstamar third
Time, 1:*J 1-5. • ¦
Fourth race, six : furlongs — Ice Kins won,
Kenilworth second. The Lady third. Time
1:22 2-5. ¦ - ,
Fifth race, five furlongs — Mountebank won,
Jerry Hunt second, ' Lady Idrls third. Time.
1:07 2-0.
"¦ Sixth race, mile, and seventy yards— -Prince
of itfrica won, Farmer Bennett second. About
third: Time, .1:50 3-5. . , •-«•»">"
. ST. LOUIS, May 14.— Fair Grounds results:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling
Gehe'lmnlss .won. Gold Ornament second Mal
toferin third. Time, :65%. ¦;.....-:. ' •„,._
• Second race.'.ive and a half furlongs selling
—Predominate won, 'Light Hunt second' Tenny
F' third. Time, 1:00%. - . .
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Hilee won
Father -Wentker. second, Semicolon third'
Time, l:14Vi. .' •
Fourth race, handicap, mile .and seventy
yards — Dewey won, .Petit • Maltre second. Lit
tle Scout third. ;.Tlme. 1 :46.
. Fifth race, mile and' three-sixteenths, pelllnc
—Odnor won. Brewer Schorr second. Satin Coat
third. • Time, 2 :00'$..' >
Sixth race. .mile, and twenty yards, selling—
Glenwood won, Free Pass second. Brown Vail
third. Time. 1:4B. --.
NF.W YORK. May 14.— Results at Morris
Park:/;';./' r ; •
''First irace, Knickerbocker, hurdle handicap
¦ mile find three-quartors, over seven hurdles-
Tankard won, McGrathlana Prince second
Semper Ira third. -Time. 3:18. Rowdy won'
but was -disqualified. , x - . ' *
- Second race, handicap/seven furlongs-
Northern; Light won,*- Irritable second. Pre
torius third. : Time. 1:2T.
. Third ' raco, six furlongs, selling — Mosmeto
won,- Wlnona- second, Dr. Preston third. , Tlm«>
1:15%. ; ••v.VSA' ..:-¦ * ¦ •> : ¦-.- -.- . - -.. ; . ¦ •".
• Fourth race,' the Lavreate, for two-year-olds
five furlongs — Charles Elwood won. Mary Street
second. Injunction third. v TIme," v :59%.
~> Fifth race,- five furlongs, two- year-olds— Irish
Lad won. Morca second, ; Merry, "Acrobat third
Time.- 1:00%: •¦•;(: •? . . „ ' ¦ ;
' " Sixth race. High- weight handicap, the Eclipse
course — Belvino won, Kanat second. Red' Path
third. :¦; Time. 1:13.
One, Two, Three Winners in the Big
Events Beyond; the
. • Rockies.
RESULTS OF THE RACES
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS
LONDON, May 14. — The House of Commons
to-day passed the second reading of the finance
bill by 224. to 134 votes.
MOKELUMNE HILL", May 14.— A beau
tiful cave has been discovered in running
a tunnel In the Iowa Consolidated mine
at Rich Gulch. A description of the cav
ern .was' brought to Mokelumne Hill to
day by ' Ami Laidet. the .foreman of the
mine. The. cave Is nearly 200 feet under
ground, and almost 250 feet from the
mouth of the tunnel. No signs of this
cavern. appeared as the work progressed
in the tunnel until Saturday morning,
when the miners found "that the last
round of- blasts touched 'oft the evening
before had -blown out all the face of the
tunnel, making a clear .opening into the
cave. I At least ten miner's inches of the
clearest water was flowing out of the
rough tunnel. There seems to be a'sub
terrancan leak in the cave, as every at
tempt to reach bottom by sounding has
thus far proved futile. . : ;
The cave is in limestone as far. as ex
plored. -It' is about thirty feet long, nine
feet wide and four feet high. The walls
are covered by highly sulphureted stalac
tites ¦-. having a • beau tif ul stelllf erous ap
pearance/showing all colors of thelrain
bcw. 'It contains three chambers, each
divided by . walls not more than three
inches in* thickness.' In /one of. these is a
horned stalagmitlc .figure— a devil, -fash
ioned by nature. . . - ..^
vealed by a Blast in the Iowa
Consolidated.
Subterranean Fairy Chamber is Re-
MINE TUNNEL PENETRATES
A BEAUTIFUL CAVERN
Bliss then' offered the toast "The Presi
dent of the United States," which was
drunk standing and with applause. Other
toasts were to King Edward and Embas
sador. Reid. The latter spoke at length
on. the". opposition to the sending of this
special embassy, and said: '.'But, gentle
men, whoever supposes from "this froth
on the surface, where the hunters for a
campaign issue have been spouting, that
the great body of the American people,
irrespective of party or race or section,
don't with heart and settled judgment ap
prove the purpose of the President in
sending . this embassy Is as ignorant of
this generation on American soil as he is
of the one that preceded Columbus*, dis
covery."
NEW YORK, May 14.— Whitelaw Reid
was the guest -of honor at a farewell ban
quet given at the Union League Club to
night In anticipation of his . approaching
departure for London, as special Embas
sador of the United States at the corona
tion of King Edward VII. The banquet
v/as attended by about one hundred gen
tlemen, Including many prominent tig
uies in politics, finance and journalism
Irom all sections of the country- Cor
nelius N. Bliss, chairman, read a letter
from the secretary of the late Archbishop
Corrigan, expressing the Archbishop's^ap
pieciation of Embassador Reid's public
services and regretting • that his present
indisposition would prevent his attend
ance at the dinner. Bliss said that this
v:as probably one of the last letters the
lamented Archbishop had dictated, as it
had been dictated within a few hours of
his death. ¦ '
of King Edward Honored at a
Banquet.
Special Embassador to the Coronation
. NOTABLE AMERICANS
BID REID FAREWELL
LOS ANGELES, May 14.— The Southern
Pacific Railroad, like the Santa Fe, will
Ignore the ruling of the Interstate Com
merce Commisslon-'on the question of the
railroad's right to send citrus fruit ship
ments over routes selected by the rail
roads, regardless of . the wishes, of the
fruit shippers.
Defies Interstate Commission.
Fresno Raises an Objection.
FRESNO, May 14.*-The Fresno Cham
ber of Commerce to-day voted to sever its
connection with the Snn Joaquin Valley
Commercial Association.- The chamber
does not approve cf the methods of adver
tising adopted by the association. Ben P.
Walker was chosen to succeed W. B. Den
nett as secretary of the Chamber of Com
merce. . .
« ? »
A woman never knows her own mind
until she wants something she can't get.
| Accused of Illegal Registration.
SAN JOSE. May H.-Two more arrests
for illegal registration have been made.
The accused men are Madison Green and
C. W. Range. Although both registered
In the city, they are said to be now living
outside the limits. The warrants were Is
sued by Justice Cobb on complaint of J R.
Farren. Ball wag fixed at $1000 in each
case. Their examinations have been set
for May 26. The arrests were made at tho
instance of the Citizens' Committee.
SEATTLE, May 14.— A wreck occurred
on the Northern Pacific this morning,
in which E. W. Shaw, a fireman, was
killed. Engineer W. H. Watson and
Brakeman Walton were injured and the
company suffered a property, loss of ap
proximately $50,000. The victims of the
accident were members of the crew of an
incoming freight train, and the wreck
lesulted from the neglect of the men to
observe a rule of the di% r islon regulating
the speed. of trains within the limits of
the Interbay yards. A southbound freight
ran into a switch engine at the end of a
short curve at Interbay, and Fireman
Shaw was crushed. to death, the remain
der of the crew escaping by jumping.
Fireman Killed in "Wreck.
Officers for the ensuing term were elect
ed as follows: President, E. C. Manning
of Los Angeles; vice presidents, A. C.
Peterson of San Francisco and Ida Stam
back of Santa Barbara; secretary, G. E.
Manning of San Francisco; treasurer,
Charles L. Tisdale of Alameda; State
board of examiners (appointed to co-op
erate with the allopathic board), Charle3
L. Tisdale and C. E. Buell of Los An
geles; alternate, G. E. Manning; censors,
Piiny R. Watts. G. E. Manning, F. B.
Kellogg, W. E. Waddell and H. L. Stam
back: directors. J. M. Selfridge, William
Boerick«, Charles L. Tisdale, A. C. Peter
son and Sidney North.
DEL MONTE. May 14.— The twenty
sixth annual session of the California
State Homeopathic Medical Society
opened her this morning and will continue
till Saturday. Those present number 200,
all parts of the State being represented.
Dr. William Boericke of San Francisco,
president of the society, called the body
to order:
Selected to Fill President's
Chair.
E. C. Manning of Los Angeles Is
STATE MKDICAL SOCTETx*
CONVENES AT DEL MONTE
Before Mrs. Barnes had finished telling
of their joint theatrical venture in Amer
ica, its failure and their separation, tho
court adjourned. She will resume her tes
timony to-morrow.
Mrs. Barnes began her testimony by
stating that she was 36 years of age and
the former wife of W. S. Barnes of San
Francisco. She then told how she went
to Europe with her "pickaninny band,"
exhibiting in England. Ireland and France.
While in Paris in 189-5 he was obliged to
have several contracts translated and
sought out the American consulate, where
she met 'the young Vice Consul, Clyde
Schropshire. Immediately a friendship
developed. She said they attended horse
races, fancy balls, champagne suppers and
other events. She declared that he had
given her a ring and promised to marry
her.
Mrs. Barnes was denounced by the at
torneys for the defense as an adventuress,
but she merely smiled at the Jury and
the twelve men took her side. When the
action to recover on the notes had been
disposed of the breach of promise suit for
$50,000 damages was taken up. Mrs. Barnes
was the first witness and she gave a vivid
description of the gay life she led in Paris
with Schropshire; of their romance, of
the shifting from glittering pleasures to
dark disappointments, financial difficulties
and separation.
SALT LAKE. May 14.— Mrs. Hattie De
laro Barnes, the divorced "wife of William
S. Barnes, son of General W. ,H. L.
Barnes of San Francisco, has. won her
case. A jury in the Federal Court to-day
awarded her k a verdict against Clyde
Schropshire. a Salt Lake lawyer, which
was even greater than she had asked.
Mrs. Barnes sued for $2195. alleged to have
been loaned Schropshire. The jury award
ed her this amount and gave her in ad
dition interest at S per cent from January
1, 1901, making the total $2632 06.
Mrs. Hattie Barnes Suc
ceeds in , a Suit at ,
Salt Lake.
La Soufriere broke forth again
Unless supplies are quickly re
ceived hundreds will starve.
While the violent eruption has
ceased the air is still rilled with
volcanic dust and ashes, creating
intense thirst and causing such
suffering as can hardly be imag
ined bv those not on the island.
HTJUDBEDS MAY STARVE,
Now there is a famine of food
and water. In Kingstown there
is a supply of water, but at other
places on the island the suffering
for want of drink is terrible.
hospitals there are 167 sufferers
now being cared for, with little
chance that any of them will re
cover.
Kingstown is safe, but George
town has suffered terriblv. In the
The dead are being buried
now as rapidly as possible, but
the conditions are such that pes
tilence can hardlyrbe avoided.
yesterday, but there remained no
more inhabitants in the north of
the island. Its explosions are
said to haw been heard for near
ly one hundred miles through the
Caribbean Sea. \
WASHINGTON, May 14.-General Gree
ley stated that the Board of Signal Of
ficers has recommended that the installa
tion,of the wireless telegraph stations.be
tween Nome*ahd St. v Michael be awarded
to Queen 1 & CoV of Philadelphia, the low
est bidders, who are to .put in the Fes
senden system, with which the, Weather
Bureau is experimenting. He also has de
cided to establish between Fort Gibbon
and the Tanana River, Bates Rapids, the
Marconi system, provided that satisfac
tory arrangements can be made.
cision for the Alaska. Wireless
Telegraph Project.
General Greeley Announces the De-
FIRM OF PHILADELPHIA | ¦ .
TO INSTALL. THE SYSTEM
WOMAN WINS;
LAWYER LOSES
SIX STREAMS OF LAVA
POUR FROM LA SOUFRIERE
A local newspaper man is positive he
saw Hadley in Hot Springs about January
18. ¦ The man got mail there as Hadley,
visited the news stands for San Fran
cisco papers and told a hotel clerk that
he had been on the San Francisco Exam
iner. He fitted the description given by
the San Francisco police.
A short time after the prisoner had
pone Detective Bryant, who had been im
pressed with the fact that he had seen
"Hatton's" face somewhere before, got
out the circular of the San Francisco po
lice and discovered that, the description
given in it coincided in a remarkablei de
gree with the general characteristics of
the man that had been released. Within
a few minutes after that the search for
the missing man began. I
The man whom it is now thought was
Hadley was arrested by Policeman Larra
bee near the County Courthouse Tuesday
forenoon. The prisoner, gave the name of
Hutchinson and begged .the officer, not to
take him to the police station. He said
that he was a: member of a theatrical
troupe now playing here and he did not
want to be locked up. Members of the
troupe have since said that no man an
swering the description of the prisoner
belongs to the troupe.
Hutchinson was simply locked up for
safekeeping, and as soon as he was sober
he was released.. .Late. Tuesday night he
was arrested again, this time by Pollce
njan Sneed, and gave the name of Hatton.
He was released yesterday morning.
¦A man whom the police now believe was
Hadley was twice arrested here . Tuesday
for drunkenness and was released both
times, on the second occasion but a short
time before his alleged identity was dis
covered. Officers were at once started in
pursuit of him, but so far have not been
able to trace him.
KANSAS CITY, !May 14.-Charles B.
Hadley, who is charged byuhe San Fran
cisco police with the murder of Nora Ful
ler, is believed to.be in, this city. The en
tire local detective force spent the night
looking for him, and : has not yet given
up the search. .;?,.. ij -
Special Dispatch,- to The Call.
There were numerous rumors about the
hall regarding the future policy of tho
organization. The . most persistent one
and one that was indorsed by several
leaders was that there would be no actual
leader 'of Tammany Hall for some time
to come. This was coupled with a rumor
that the finance committee would be abol
ished, as well as the chairmanship' of this
committee.' The chairman, who is now
I.ewis Nixon and was . Richard Croker.
has always been the leader of Tammany
Kail, and as such had the handling of the
funds of the organization in the political
campaigns.
Following the departure of Nixon sev
eral of the leaders remained for some
time in groups, chatting about the resig
nation and the possible developments. It
was announced that a meeting of the ex
ecutive committee of district leaders will
be held Thursday, at which time Nixon's
action will be acted upon.
He immediately left the room, followed
by an outburst of handclapping. • Once
cutside the meeting room Nixon would
only say to the newspaper men: ;
• "I am out as leader of Tammany Hall.
Shipbuilding is my business. 1 am out of
politics and am glad of It. I will devote
rhy ; time to my business of .shipbuilding
and will talk of that by the hour, but I
will not talk about politics hereafter. The
cause of my resignation is plain. I could
have won out and elected Feitner grand
sachem, 'but I would not appeal to
Cioker." , .'
There was a moment's silence when
Nixon had finished. Then Michael C.
Murphy made a very complimentary
speech in praise of Nixon. He did not
£,ay, however, that he wished him to re
main as leader. He said that Nixon had
done splendid work as the leader and had
the confidence of all the leaders. Nixon
Jumped to his feet as soon as Colonel
Murphy had finished and said:
"1 do not desire any vote' of confidence
v.-hatever."
The meeting of the district leaders was
called at the instance of iNixon, who on
Tuesday night sent telegraphic messages
to all of the thirty-seven. This action
followed a deadlock at the. meeting of tne_
sachems of the Tammany Hall Society
Monday, when Nixon's intention of re
taining Thomas L. Feltner as grand sa
chem was frustrated by a tie, there be
ing six of the sachems of .the thirteen for
and six against the retention, the thir
teenth, George C. Clausen, being absent.
The action at that time caused a gen
eral discussion of the possibilities, of
Nixon losing control of the organization
and the combination neaded by John F.
Carroll ousting him. Nixon, in an inter
view on Tuesday, "said' if he could not
have the confidence of the leaders he
would eet out. „ „
When Nixon arrived at Tammany Hall
to-day all thirty-seven leaders were pres
ent. As soon as the meeting was called
Nixon arose and said:
"Gentlemen, 1 have decided to resign
as leader of Tammany Hall. This resig
nation Is absolute and positive, and will
not be withdrawn. I wish it to take effect
immediately. I feel that I cannot retain
my self-respect anc! still remain the
leader of Tammany Hall. My -decision is
unalterable.';/
¦^ NEW YORK, May 14.— Lewis Nixon,
leader of Tammany '. Hall for nearly six
months, resigned that position to-day at
a meeting of the district readers, heldjn
Tammany Hall.. While the resignation
was not entirely unexpected, it was not
thought that Nixon would take such pos
itive action until a later date, first wait
ing the action of the leaders to see if
they "would give him a ..vote of confi
dence. Instead of .this he refused to al
low any vott of confidence, and went so.
far as to say* that he could .no longer re
tain -his s self-respect if he remained as
leader." , , •
Missing San Francisco 'Bookkeeper
j Charged With ! the Murder of
Nora Fuller May; Be Cap- :
. turedin the East.
Successor of Croker Refuses to Permit
. . His Colleagues to Honor Him
; '': \ With a Vote of Con
. fidence.
Man Arrested Drunksn
nass '¦ Answers Police .
Description. ; )%:
Officers'? of the New York
Political .Club Are
¦¦¦-,-- ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'•»¦
:. surprised.
Lewis^N;Xon Very Sud
denly Resigns the
• Leadership.
Kansas City; Authorities
Make a Startling
•
DETECTIVES
FIND TRAIL
OF HADLEY
TAMMANY'S
CHIEF GOES
OUT IN IRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; iMAY 15; 1902.
3
____".' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' • \ '.. \
<)W^^w< / t» J / ! Acts Berxeficially?
'-^¦¦^kr\ ' Bi-f /
&i)\^/^A :^/-^ ' 'Ssf /-N s y ru P of Figs appeals to the cultured and the
rX \/y^'/'i/- ¦'•$%$&&? II well-informed and to the healthy", because its com- ,_
j^r-^>'\t/j£' '¦'¦' '"¦ '¦- '"^glffii / * ponent parts are simple and wholesome and be- "
h~\''yf % ""Spi^^k/ cause it acts without disturbing the. natural func-v-:.
"f&S '^^^S^S^fe^^^^v. tions » as ft is wholly free from every objectionable;
y y .^jfffi^f "^^^^^^^'^k^^-h quality or substance. In the process of
A . s' : i?Wnw manufacturing figs are used, as they are
/ |||:* ; :lHK^^ Hgil;,' pleasant to the taste, but the medicinal
iP^M^^^^^^^^^^^^. Jzz$$ virtues of Syrup of Figs are obtained
- *^^^il^-'-^^^^^^^^P^^S f rom an excellent combination of plants
" tt&$ffl known to be medicinally laxative and to
W^^^^^^S^W^ff ' 0P' act most beneficially,
/#f jr%$ To get its beneficial effects — buy the
W\ ASI& genuine— manufactured by the
i/^^^W Louisville.. Ky. ftewYork.N.Y.
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. *'__ _ . t . .
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kid-
ney, Liver or Bladder Remedy,, will do for
YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
EAST ATLANTA, Ga., March 1st, 1901.
DR. KILMER & CO., Blnghamton, N. Y.
¦ Gentlemen— While it has never been my habit or Inclination to recommena
remedies the ingredients of which are not all known to me, it seems aa it I
should make an exception in the case of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root. My experi-
ence, so far as I have tested it in my practice, forces me to the conclusion that It
is a remedy of the greatest value in all kidney, Uver, bladder and other inflamma-
- tory conditions of the genito-urinary tract. I now take pleasure in prescribing
Swamp-Root in all such cases, with a feeling of assurance that my patients will
. derive great benefit from its use. I shall continue to prescribe It In other cases In
my practice with the expectation of good results. Very truly yours.
Gentlemen— I have prescribed that wonderful rerSedy for kidney complaint. Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, with most beneficial effect and know of many cures by It3
use. These patients had kidney trouble, as diagnosed by other physicians, and
treated without benefit. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root effected a cure. I am a liberal
man and accept a specific wherever I find it, in an accepted school or out of it.
For desperate cases of kidney complaint under treatment with unsatisfactory re-
sults I turn to Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root^ with most flattering results. I 'hall
continue to prescribe it. and from p«rsoral observations state that Swamp-Root
has great curative properties. Truly Yours,
/¦ . . . .
/ y»
(L. Bmtow Iri.h, M. D.) • _ ¦ ' AT - - -v
¦276 9th St. Borouahof / SJ - & fys* \
Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take and is used in the leading hospitals, recom-
mended by physicians in their private practice and is taken by doctors themselves
who have kidney ailments, because they recognize in it the greatest and most
successful remedy for kidney, liverand bladder troubles.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or bladder
trouble, or if there is a trace of it In your family history, send at once to Dr Kil-
mer & Co.,- Binghamton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root and a book telling all about
Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial 'etters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr Kilmer & Co
Bingrhamton, be sure to say that you read this generous offer In the San Francisco
Daily Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere Don't
make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address. Binghamton.- N. Y., on every . bottle.
i San Franciscan's Who Have Been Decorated
i With the Legion of Honor.
The Bunko Game of Old Madrid.
'¦ ' r-\ -i - ¦ - ¦
How "Confidence Men" in Spain Are Reaching Out for Susceptible
San Franciscans. .
Beautiful Women Who Will Attend King
| Edward's Coronation.
How Uncle Sam Captures Criminals.
By John E Wilkie, Chief of the Secret Service.
The Experiences of a Lady's Valet.
] Home Magic, Puzzle Pictures, Fashions and
Human Interest Stories.
Pat and Heiny in New Adventures.
** - , • ¦¦•'.¦>.¦ . • •
rjp«— ¦! i i ..¦nil ¦¦¦III 11— — -m»ji^»^^ MM """1T-*. , ¦T* g^Yf; '""" "^"^^^""^Ck '
Out-of-'own orders fcrmide-fo- flKliwll IHill ft in 1
order clothing filled— sa isfactor/ f HjC i||i S|;jj Ii JjJ IB
I fit assured through our self-meas- ii$|jwjrl lilfi lilij] 1
urinj system — write for samples. iiililrilfn 1*11 iiilli 2
! S.N. WOOD SCO. I! ii ID. s 0. Mills to the chair known as the Mills Professorship
of Intellectual and Moral Philosophy and Civil Polity .$50,000
Claus Spreckels for the purchase of books for. thi library .. 11,6/5
Dr. M.. Herzstein to found a chair in physiology '{. 8,000
Mrs. Phebe Hearst: for the purchase of books for an archi
tectural library ...... •;- 5,oo°
Henry Weinstock 'for the endowment of a lectureship in
; the College of Commerce • ? 5^oo
Mrs. Jane K.Satherfor the Sather Laiv Library, books
/ -valued at ..l...v... '•-
MUNIFICENT GIFTS ARE MADE
TO THE STATE'S UNIVERSITY
SCENES AT UNIVERSITY COM
MENCEMENT DAY AND DIS
TINGUISHED GRADUATE.
The Graduates
Show Ability
in Speech.
mencement day exercises was of a high
literary order and the speakers held the
attention of their auditors closely.
President Wheeler was received with
The display of oratory for the com-
Head of University Wisely Ad
vises Members of Graduat
ing Class Entering World.
STRONG SPEECH
BY PRESIDENT
Charges Husband "With Desertion.
OAKLAND, May 14.— Charging deser
tion, Mrs. Alma Wilson began suit to-day
against Anton© Wilson for a divorce. The
couple were married in 1883 and have four
children. Wilson is a waiter.
Imposes a Heavy Fine.
OAKLAND, May 14.— Mrs. A. D. Howe,
convicted qf practicing medicine without
a license, was fined $300 to-day by Acting
Police Judge Stetson. Her attorneys will
appeal.
DISCUSS LAW
AND MEDICINE
James Milton Mannon Speaks on
Legal" Education "and F. H.
Tebbe on Healing Science. .» :
Death of G. A. R. Veteran.
OAKLAND, May 14.— John A. Robinson,
foxmerly a deputy under County Clerk
Jordan, died this afternoon at his resi
dence in Fruitvale. He was a Grand
Army veteran. /
•Miss. Maria Helen Elizabeth Cooper
Cleverly Dea's With Drama
and the Alma Mater.
FAIR CO-ED
MAKES ADDRESS
Miss Maria Helen "Elizabeth Cooper
"was then announced by President Wheel
er as the speaker selected to address the
gathering as - s the representative of the
co-eds. . . Miss ' Cooper's subject was "The
Found Guilty of Contempt.
G. W. Meierdierks was fined $25 for con
tempt of court by Judcc Murasky yes
terday during the progress of a suit to
recover $415 on a promissory note,
brought by C. Larges against Dr. W. A.
Meierdierks. The line was the result of
a remark made by Mieredierks while he
wag testifying. ¦ He referred : to Larges.
wlvo Is his stepf?ther. as a "damnabl*
cur." Tlie witness apologized later In tha
day, both to the court and to his stex*
father and the fine was remitted.
Frederick Henry Tebbe, a graduate of
the medical department, spoke on "Medi
cine in the Twentieth Century." He said
that medicine- as practiced In the present
day was comparatively new. and that
not many years ago superstition and
charlatanism were connected "with the
great science. He declared that the
growth of other sciences had helped that
of medicine, though Its establishment on
a ,, scl entiflc /P iane had been tardily
achieved. The speaker dwelt upon the
ALAMEDA. May 14.— Oil is to be use!
for sprinkling the Webster-street road
way. Of late the thoroughfare has been
breaking badly at the surface and quanti
ties of the top dressing have been blown,
away by the wind. Sprinkling with water
did not prove satisfactory, and the City
Trustees have decided to try crude petro
leum, to preserve the roadway.
Oil for an Alameda Roadway.
ALAMEDA, May 14.— De Witt C. Storey
of 2328 Clement avenue, while riding a
bicycle this morning on Park street, near
the tidal canal bridge, was struck by an
electric car. He sustained a fractured
rib and" several lacerations of the scalp.
Storey is aged and quite deaf. He did not
hear the car until it was too late to get
out o^f danger. /^
Aged Cycler Hit by a Car.
OAKLAND, May 14.— George S. Mont
gomery and Carrie Judd Montgomery,
the philanthropists, were witnesses this
morning -in Judge Ellsworth's court,
where the Maria Way will contest is go
ing on. They testified that they knew
Mrs Way before her death and that she
seemed to them to be perfectly sane. Th«
Rev. P. S. . Brush of Alameda offered
similar testimony.
Montgomerys Testify in Way CaSC,
The. university can only be democratic while
it keeps In touch with the world about it.
And so, far more than any formal instruction,
do various activities about the State univer
sities keep them true to their mission. De
bating, which keeps college; students In touch
with the nation's problems; Journalism, which
keeps them In touch with Its activities, and
the, work cf college settlements, ! which keeps
them in touch-with that phase of- human- life
that university students ' above - all are prone
to ignore — all these and many more help our
State universities to fulfill their. mission. For
the ordinary student will : like an essentially
student > life unless he is forced out ' of . it.
He prefers to talk to his fellow students rather
than to outsiders; ¦ to be always • near college
ratheV than to live at some little distance from
it; to dlscusa college news rather - than • the
news of the world, and all this Is excused in
his eyes by the phrase "college loyalty."
But there is yet. another element "the in
innuence of which on.. 1 student life. In this
respect ftas been Ignored, and that Is our
intercollegiate athletic . contests.. v These . strug
gles are constantly growing more and more im
portant in the eyes of the students. It is" true
that. they inculcate democratic ways of think
ing, so far as students are concerned In their
relations with one another, for . it was soon
discovered that a college . which made social
position the basis , for ..selection" on football
teams would hardly ever have the. good for
tune . to gain the , prize. •• So that as : these con-
Our State universities as institutions arc
framed on the most' democratic lines. But
this is of but slight Importance compared with
the other Question, whether their Influence la
such an to make their - students democratic.
Jusf in so far as students are withdrawn- from
the life of the . world about them are they
prone to undemocratic ways of thinking, not in
regard to one another.- but in regard to. the
rest of the world. The more decidedly cut off
they are. from the world the more will they
regard themselves as ¦ a separate class, - and
from their creater educational opportunities ' a
sur>erior class. •. ' ¦
That our nation exists to serve as an ex
periment In self-government is never seriously
disputed, nor, on the other hand, seriously be
lieved. -But it is nevertheless indisputable that
a nation's succes3 lies not in its. material
liroKres3 or its -place in the so-called concert
of nations, but In ' its success in securing the
realization of Its ideals. It is for that a na
tion, lives.- Therefore, however great the temp
tation, i.ur national life must be essentially
democratic or else it is an utter failure. The
great problem then In our Stale, in fact, the
only problem, is the making actual and real
the demccratic^ideal. . •¦ .
And this ideal is all summed up. It. seems to
me, in two expressions — equality of opportunity
and the recognition of individual worth. . It is
aimed to give all an equal opportunity to make
the most of their lives, so far as can be done
in the case of any one life. And then, having*
made the starting: point the same for all, it
seeks to bring It about that the "race is tc
the swift," in short, that Judgment be made
on the basis of the man's worth — on what Is he,
not. what is his, whether that be an ancestry
¦or a country house.
'The means universally employed to attain
the idea! a nation has set up for itself is edu
cation. For it Is in the formative period in
the lives of each successive jreneration that
these ideals can be impressed upon them. Their
lives can then be so molded that whatever
makes for equality of opportunity and the
recognition of the individual will eeem neces
sarily the right courses of action. • Every na
tion has thus sought to make 'real its ideal.
And our State educational institutions from
the primary school to the university are but
expressions of our faith in the power of educa
tion to make each , generation more essentially
American in the best sens*.
'Monroe E. Deutsch^ the next speaker,
had selected for his address "The State
University as a Democratic Institution."
He spoke in part as follows:
OAKLAND, May 14.— The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners to-day,
passed on pension claims of $1000 each
drawn in favor of Mrs. Mary Ennis,
widow of the late W. C. Ennls, a fireman,
who died while fighting 1 fire last August,
and to the widow of the late Henry Ned
derman, a retired policeman. City Attor
ney Johnson said the claims were valid
but the City Council will first have to
establish a fund from which the money
can be drawn.
Says Widows' Claims Are Valid.
Monroe . Emanuel Deutsch De
livers an Address That Shows
Marked Ability of Author.
DEMOCRACY OF
A UNIVERSITY
its sure foundations, the ideal opens above It
an outlook, a heaven, a hope.
Children of many hopes, children of high
opportunity, go forth and serve.
To criticize doctor and saee may seem pre
sumptuous in one but. on the threshold of
education, I but : I believe modern . educational
tendencies are in grave danger of turning in
the * wrons direction. I believe the constant
emphasis laid . upon the money value of every
thing, from >readstuffs to food for gunpowder
Is even now felt within the sacred walls -of the
university, that should be the citadel » of mor
ality. Inspiring its graduates to higher living
fitting them to become leaders and helpers of
their fellows, ' not taskmasters and oppressors.
The real- purpose of an institution of learning
is to help men to realize that the right answer
to the ethical question what ought I to do is
in- terms of self -sacrifice and duty,, not dollars
'tnd cents.
It is of great value in making a man master
of his environment, but it should not aim to
constitute him master of his fellows, unless
It at the same time feaches him- what such
mastery entails. He who advocates technical
or - professional training that does not rest
upon a, foundation of real education — that is.
education that shall make Its possessor fully
aware of the duty, he owes to other men — is
an unconscious enemy to civilization, because
he subordinates the ultimate welfare of society
and the individual as well to the lower interest
of the individual.
He must act In accordance with his con
science, seeking Hsht from whatever source
possible. From the very nature of humanity
the former difficulty is easy of solution. When
a man is behind his generation, his inborn de
sire to adapt himself to society and be in
harmony with his companions will draw him
toward their, standard. His natural inclination
will bring him to the light. In the latter,
however, the very opposite Is the case. The
man ahead of his generation, will find himself
sorely tempted to make. the prevailing standard
of -worth his own. . If his desire tor rational
self-^realUatlon will not permit him to sur
render himself, we have our moral hero, out
Socrates, our Christ — men finding their reward
not in the plaudits of the multitude, but In an
approving conscience. ' : . ¦ ,.
The knowledge gained by study is valuable,
only to the extent that it helps the individual
to find his place in the world — to determine
his relations to other individuals and how much
his own private judgment Is to be Influenced
by theirs. He is still an individual and must
think for himself, decide for himself, act for
himself. If his thought, his decisions, hi3
acts are such as accord with the prevailing
tendencies of men around. him, then he meets
their approval and- eets along in the world;
if they are such as do not accord with current
public opinion, either because he is purely selC
centered, or cannot conscientiously subscribe
to prevailing beliefs, then he becomes In a
measure antagonistic to his fellows.
To each Individual comes a question bearing
with It the imperative demand for answer —
the question what ought I to do? And every
individual does answer it in one way or an
other, and in so doing he commits himself to
a; course of conduct destined to prove his sal
vation or his undoing.
In part the young orator said:
¦ "The Ethical Good in Education" was
the topic of the address by John M. Esh
leman, and it was.listened to with mark
ed attention, many of the faculty taking
notes of the speaker's views.
j. M. Eshleman Is Applauded for
Views Upon Ethical Signifi
, cance of Collegiate Life.
EDUCATION
HIS SUBJECT
Thoughtful men are saying that our flour
ishing modern drama is without moral or lit
erary value; that the original comedies pro
duced in English to-day deal not with the fact*
or problems or emotions of life, but with trivial
sensations and"""a make-believe world. Stage
managers in turn complain that there is little
use in appealing to the intelligence of the pub
lic — that- an audience wants to laugh. to~cry,
to shudder, but -not to think. However there
still are left a few true playwrights — Stephen
Phillips, for instance, is trying to make dra
matic poems succeed beside the latest frivolity
from giddy Paree. Plnero and Jones, however
morbid and unwholesome are many of their
themes, at all events are producing plays
which are not only actable, but are also read
able. Now If students are bent on stagin
contemporary drama why not produce Such
plays as give an effective picture of some real
aspect of life — if only to vary a farcical and
extra vaganzlcal monotony? Farces are all very
well In their, way— provided they are simply
fantastic, not puerile and vulgar. But a uni
versity, by its very nature, should concern it
self with that which has an undercurrent of
seriousness. And if university students will
produce plays and so connect themselves with
the dramatic movement of the day thev shnnM
not fall in line with the dramatic decadence of
the day. The burlesque, the bisque songs the
too gay Thanksgiving show— leave all those to
the commercial manager. They are nnt ?»,»
field of the university 8 The* latter should 'Jn
the one hand endeavor to. keep alive what H*
best in thfl ; drama of the past and should en
courage what is truly representative of tS«
present. Arid If both faculty and student
support such college theatricals the unlveVsHy
may assist in the formation of public taste and
in the production of a future EnirlUh rtU™
which shall be worthy ot the Fast ForTe*
mand creates -supply, not more on 'Change
than behind the footlights. v.nange
In America, while university faculties hjtve
given but slight assistance to university the
atricals, the students, left to themselves, have
kept up the custom in their own sweet way.
Where in the old days they gave a Senecan
tragedy, now too often they give opera bouffe,
with a splash of college color. I am not ask
ing that this state of things should be reme
died by an appropriation of money for the
sake of promoting the drama in this university.
On that side of the subject I have nothing to
say. Nor does any one desire that Greek and
Latin classics only should appear on the col
lege stage or that these should be given often.
But there is many a fine old play which forms
a part of the literature of our own language,
and which has sunk into undeserved oblivion.
Even Shakespeare is known far top little — a
modern presentation of "Romeo and Juliet" or
"The Tempest" gives more attention to the
splendor of the stage setting than to the play
Itself. Now It Is against this tendency on the
modern stage — the frame rather than the pic
ture—that the university should direct Its in
fluence, in so far as It concerns itself with
theatricals at all. The presentation of a good
play at college need not require a costly dis
play of scenery, but rather intelligent deliv
ery and harmonious setting.
Now the university is, and has been for cen
turies, the natural home of the drama. As
far back as the flf teenth century the boys In.
the German colleges were giving Latin come
dies. During the heat and storm of the Refor
mation the Jesuits wrote plays for their semi
naries and Introduced Luther as a comic fig
ure. Most people have heard of the old Straa
burg University, where the students presented
some drama yearly before magistrate and
guildman and courtier. The custom of giving
plays 'in English colleges was in force even
before the reign of Henry VII. and when
Elizabeth visited Cambridge in 1564 King's
College Chapel was transformed into a theater
and play after play was given by torchlight
in honor of the Queen.
No stene could be more impossible than that
In an American theater of to-day. And yet
the university, the traditional preserver of
what is great and good in our literature, might
well be proud of producing just a touch of en
thusiasm like that for plays that are good and
great. For plays and the stage are inevltabla
in modern life, and if they are vulgar and
commercial Just so do the people fall of proper
development.
The great actor Salvinl was once giving
"Othello" in a small Italian town. His au
dience watched every movement of the play
with growing Intensity. But when the catas
trophe came and . the Moor was about to
smother Desdemona the whole pit rose ln ;
wrath and horror and with execrations and
missiles drove him from the stage. /
Drama in the University," and was as
follows:
Our hone lies in a reaction from this apothe
osis : of the student campaigns- In Intercolle
giate contests. These contests may and do de
velop manly qualities, . but ¦ they do not de
velop- democratic. 'qualities.- ¦ Understand me,
everything is not awry; our State universities
are becoming V more democratic every year.
Every year 'the. number of college graduates
is increasing enormously and the caste feeling
Is constantly crowlnsr less. - More students are
working their, way through our colleges and
more graduates are- taking part in public af
fairs. *
tests ' grew ¦ fiercer, individual worth alone was
regarded in the selection of rival teams. But
however democratic this made students in their
relations to one another. It has produced the
opposite effect on the relations of students to
the , rest of the world.
Striking. Scene Witnessed on
Campus as Procession
f|||||||§||| Its; Way.
"The Importance of Legal Education to
the. State" was the subject of the ad
dress delivered by James Milton Mannon
of the Hastings law college. He de
clared that the people are the true legis
lators of the state, and that the laws de
pend on the consent of the people.
"Lawyers are required," he said, "t©
interpret the laws and frame new ones
when necessary. New laws are constant
ly demanded by the requirements of so
ciety, and the state is therefore inter
ested in having the w'ork well done. This
justifies the state college for the study of
law, for law is the foundation of all so
ciety. The judges are aided by the law
yers and the state must have honest and
competent judges and lawyers. Society
and the state are thus benefited by the
law college. More than half the mem
bers of political conventions and legisla
tures are lawyers, and If the state pro
vides for the education of its lawyers,
it is educating the state also, for the
legislatures represent the state. The law
school must" teach not only the laws, but
the reasons for them, and in sending out
from its halls well trained lawyers the
school is sending forth men who will in
fluence the law and frame new ones foe
the benefit of the commonwealth."
"To know the human body," he said,
"one must know the steps of Ha evolu
tion. Practical medicine is making great
advancement and has an assured place
in the realm of science-. by systematic
methods of research. The future -will
show that practical medicine must be
founded on facts, which is the goal we
are striving to reach."
BERKELEY, May 14.— Alumni luncheon
was held In Hearst Hall this afternoon at
2 o'clock. Some 350 graduates of the Uni
versity of California were present. T. A.
Perkins, president of the association, was
tcastmaster, and speeches were made by
Regent Charles S. Wheeler, Edward
Booth, Dr. Sarah I. Shuey, Miss Alice
Robertson and L. E. Martin.
rules laid down for the study of medicine
and the necessity of a keen knowledge
of other sciences to understand it.
Alumni Hold Luncheon.
I speak the voice of ~ the university too
when I bid you fashion and follow ideals'
Behind the outward pattern of things there is
a highest real in which all the real Inheres
and through which alone it can exist We
call it the Ideal.- It is the "pattern set 'in the
mount." There is Implanted In Us the power
to see It, the passion to reach after it. This
In our birthright as the sons of God/ Disdain
that birthright ". and our . lives become dull
mechanism. "A. man's reach is higher than
his grasp, else what's a heaven for.", "Man
llveth not by bread alone." The real clarifies
the Ideal inspires. The real provides life with
I speak the voice of the university there
fore, when in this high moment of your careers
I bid you seek unto the things that are real
Abjure childish things, the things of prejudice
vanity, caprice; of ignorance, superstition un
truth. Find the fact; that is straight seeing
and thinking. Face the fact; that is straight
courage. Live up to the /act; that is straight
living. Abjure prejudice, for that Is plain
slavery to the unreal. Crush vanity, for that
puts a shallow self-love In place of just self
estimate. Nothing Is so practically real for a
man as real knowledge of himself. Upon It
is founded the power to control , himself Win
success by dependence on the real not the
arbitrary. He that rests his hope 6f success
on "influence" builds' on the unreal and makes
his life a lie. ! The. clean life, the orderly life
the life that has liberty, that has In it the
peace of God, ! is the life which builds on the
real. . Indecision, unrest and slavery are the
fruits of the" He. The truth is the lieht and
the truth shall, make you free. :
TALKS OF REAL THINGS.
A\hat then does the university expect of you*
•\yiat docs she ask^f you? She asks that you
embody in your lives the spirit of her life
So far as you have been trained by methods
we call -scientific, it has been that you mi°ht
,knnw and value the real and abjure the as
sumed and visionary. So far as you. have be-n
trained by methods we call humanistic It ha*
been that you mlsht know and follow' Ideals
Both methods have been present in all teach
ing of all subjects. In some one predominates
in some the other, but they cannot ever be
utterly sundered one from the other. An edu
cation that does not make a man or woman
more objective in mental habit Is mistaken
an education that does not Inspire with ideals
is hopeless and vain. . v
Between university and life no fixed barrier
exists. Kducation If it is genuine is not mere
£P^V a O^ fOr wl fe ; U lB . the '"tensive practice
of life itself What you have been in your at
titude toward life and. duty here, you are likely
to be in the outer life. If you have been faith
ful to obligation here, you can be trusted to do
yaU /.* d S ty there - If you have s°usht to gain
credit here for work you have not done, you
ca .Vf y . w i th you e - bent - u ma y *>e a habit that
will lead you toward the deception of your em
ployers there. If you have played fair here
you will be just and. generous there If v 0U
en Cheei & gcnl P' here, you
will bring sunshine wherever you go will inv»
and be beloved. A university cannot "to be sure
make character, but it can shape it, and the
world has. therefore, fair right to judge us by
you; surely it will do eo. y
Members of the graduating class, candidates
for all the degrees:- We send you out to-day
into life. You go es our children, our own and
well-beloved. Whatever shall befall you in your
voyaging, whether of loss or of success will
have befallen us as well. In your misfortunes
or failures we shall suffer pain; in your pros
perity and in your triumphs we shall rejoice
You go as our products, our surest evidences'
proofs and vouchers. You are to be living doc
uments, known and read of all men. Concern
ing the University of California, its spirit and
its work, men will judge by what you do and
what you are.
SENT OUT INTO LIFE.
The various baggage as it lies there heaped
upon the pier does Indeed look motley enough,
and various are its labels; as it looks, too, on
the books (or cards) of the recording baggage
master, it is a motley list. For the time we
may be inclined in convenience to identify the
man by his baggage — but that will pass away,
for it is ultimately the man behind the baggage
that counts. A little later, and we shall Iden
tify the baggage by the man. We may classify
the outgoing colonists to-day according to port
manteau, hamper and pacit; we shall classify
the settlers a few years hence according to per
sonal health — of body, mind and morals — ac
cording to personal will, the power to do; ac
cording to personal character, the power to %e.
In olden time it was the wont when bands of
men went out to seek new homes and larger
fortunes in a wider Hellas that they should
take with them of the sacred fire from the altar
of the mother city, wherewith to light new
altars and new hearths; andxthese who stand
here now waiting for the ships that bear them
into life to loose their cables and" spread their
sails bear with them, each of them, I would
believe, whatever else they take, and however
diversely they have chosen, coals of the common
fire that burns upon the college altar. Whether
they have labored here for technical mastery
of one of the crafts, arts or professions of life"
or have studied to Identify the facts of nature
and set them in order by natural laws, or the
facts of human experience in history and set
them in order by social laws, or have studied
to know and interpret by sympathy the move
ments of the human soul as expressed in litera
ture and the other arts, whatever the curri
cula, the courses, the subjects they have fol
lowed, there runs through all the golden thread
of the university spirit: the inspiration to love
the true and hate the false, the bent to seek
after the real and push aside the assumed the
yearning to see the real in Its place with the
* ho ' e - t° lif t It into the transfiguration vision
of the Ideal. These three unite to be the very
ardor and life of the fire that burns on the
altar-hearth of the university. Many sub
jects, many degrees; one fire, one spirit, one
Some have paid more heed in) their prepara
tions for some special craft and carry with
them the special tools of their art and trade.
Such will make themselves immediately of use,
but they must look to it that they become no
easy slaves to the rule of thumb and the ruts
of routine. Some have collected their outfit
more in reference to the common needs of life,
as life coes. . Such may prove able to adapt
their lives more flexibly to demands as they
arise, and, if they succeed to mastery in any
field, display the larger power, but meantime
they must run the sore risks of amateurism.
WARNS AGAINST ROUTINE.
vice and blessing. They have given to the
emigrants freely of their household store — so
much, indeed, as each after his own skill and
foresight, and the size of his receptacles, could
select and stow. Some have' planned and packed
more carefully than others; there will be some
I fancy who, in the hurry of a late permit to
sail, have rolled a rather motley pack, and,
gathering some stray titbits at the last, have
tied them to it with a cotton string.
REGISTRATION GROWS.
The summer zoological laboratory at San
Pec'ro. through which important^ scientific re
sultr in the marine biological exploration of
the coast waters of Southern California wero
reached, was supported by the generosity of ths
Allowing friends of the university: Mrs.
Hearst. $500; Mr. J. A. Graves. Mr. Jacoj
Baruch, ?150 each; Mr. Henry W. O'Melveny,
Mr. William G. Kerckhoff, Mr. William G.
Rowland, Mr.- I.. N. Van Nuys and the Los
Angeles Terminal Railway $100 each; Mr. J.
H. Shankland. Mr. John E. Plater and Mr.
Charles M. Wright. $50 each.
The total registration for 1901-02 was 3380.
Of these 3144 were students in the academic and
professional colleges, 37 in the dairy course
and 700 in the last summer session. Of the
3144 students, 677 were enrolled in the profes
sional colleges in / San Francisco and 2470 in
the colleges at Berkeley. Of the 2470 stu
dents at Berkeley 1222 men and 1026 women, or
2248 in all, were enrolled as undergraduates,
and 118 men and 112 women, or 230 in all. Ms
graduate students. The registration in . the
colleges at Berkeley has increased more than
sixfold in the past twelve years. The number
of undergraduates in the University of Cali
fornia is now exceeded by Harvard alone of
American universities, and in total number of
students California ranks fourth, being ex
ceeded only by Harvard, Columbia and Chicago.
The anouncement of the various gifts
-was frequently interrupted by vociferous
applause and cheers were given by the
students for the donors.
• President Wheeler then addressed the
graduating class as follows:
Another college year hos rolled around and
embarkation day has come again. The galleys
chafe at the quays; knots and bands of pros
pective colonists swarm the piers more. Indeed,
than ever before on a sailing day. The last
larewells are being said. , There are tears and
regrets 'at leaving, but withal much pleasant
expectation for the voyage, much Inclination to
the risk* of roaming, much curious wonder
about the manners of the outer world, much
golden hope for what the new land has to
yield. The old folks of the mother city are
gathered to give their last words of cheer, ad-
"I will only add that, as the present offer
is intended to be a real increase of the total
resources now applied to the support of th*
Department of Philosophy. I assume that the
annual allowances made from the general fund
of your board in furtherance of the objects of
the department will continue undimlnlshed.
Further, I indulge the hope that your board
will second my addition to the original foun
dation by such increased allowances from your
general fund as will insure the continued
growth ar.d improvement of the department,
and a remuneration that will retain the high
quality of professional service required in its
staff of instruction.
"Continuing to believe that the vigorous
maintenance of such a department is among
the most important public objects of a uni
versity, especially one controlled and supported
by the State. I remain, gentlemen, very re
spectfully and cordially yours. .
* "D. O. MILLS."
Continuing, President Wheeler said:
Mr. Claus Spreckels has presented to the
university $11.U'<*5 82 for the purchase of books
for the library-' Mr. Spreckels' gift will at
once be applied to the purchase of works In
political science, finance and history.
Announcement has already been made .in the
past of the gift of Mrs. Jane K. Sather of $10,-
C00 as an endowment for the support of the
Sather Law Library. In addition to providing
this endowment Mrs. Sather has, since Janu
ary, purchased for the Sather Law Library, ap
proximately 2130 volumes, costing approximate
ly $3250. These books In connection with the
legal works already on hand provide for the
university a very good working law library.
Of the 2130 purchased by Mrs. Sather. 144"»
Volumes are American Reports and Digests; 541
volumes are English Reports and Digests, and
145 volumes are text books. Including all those
which are of the most importance. ¦—¦'
Dr. M. Herzstein has signified his Intention
of giving us $8<MA> to found a chair in physiology
and dots so on condition that the - Regents
maintain the chair and school, which I have
no doubt that body will do.
Mrs. Hearst has presented to the university
$. r 000 for the purchase of books which shall
form a nucleus for an architectural library. Of
this sum $2000 will be expended during the
coming year and $3000 during the year there
after. ¦ ".
Mr. H. Weinstock of Sacramento has pre
sented to the university $5000 for the rtidow
nient*of a lectureship In the College of Com
merce. The Interest of this endowment will
provide for an annual series of lectures dealing
with, the morals of trade.
INCREASE OF RESOURCES.
"Gratifled at this result, and aware of the
constantly increasing need of a greater Income
for the objects of the department. I take pleas
ure in offering to your board, as an addition to
the present fund of §100,000. the income of
which is devotrtl to this purpose, the sum of
fifty thousand dqllars ($50,000), for which I
inclose my check.
"To this increase of the original foundation I
attach no other condition than that imposed
upon the original trust in my letter addressed
to your board under date of July 7, 1S81. to
which I here beg to refer.
cheers when he rose to speak and at the
close of the hearty reception accorded
him, he addressed the gathering as fol
lows:
Since we last assembled here for the, com
mencement exercises we have been called upon
to mourn the death of three of our beloved
friends. The brave Hilton of the Civil Engi
neering Department has tieen taken from us in
the prime of his life; the Rev. Dr. Stebbins
has also been called from the sphere of his
calling and no longer shall we receive his
kindly advice; our beloved of all men, Joseph
Le Conte, is not here to meet us with his kind
ly personality. They have passed away, but
the work they achieved for the university will
remain for all time. -^
It is with ereat pleasure that I beg to an
nounce the receipt of many generous donations
to the university. The following letter was re
cently received by the Regents, and I will
read it. to you: <
"Mills Building, San Francisco, April 26,
1902.
"Tg the Board of Regents of the University
of California — Gentlemen: Nearly twenty-one
years have elapsed since the founding in. the
university of the chair known, through your
courteous action, as the Mills Professorship of
Intellectual aj!d Moral Philosophy and Civil
Polity. By your wise administration of the
fund which I was able to offer you for the sup
port of the chair and its objects, the fund has
itself been increased and supplemented by ju
dicious subsidies from your other resources,
has become the basis for the present large and
successful department of philosophy.
Harmon Gymnasium Is Filled
by Gaily Dressed Throng
of Visitors. •
BERKELEY, May 14.— The stu
dents who were graduated from
the University of California
to-day were tendered a fare
well reception, this evening in
Hearst Hall by President and
Mrs. "Wheeler. The affair closed
the college year and the college life of the
members of the class of 1902.
President and Mrs. Wheeler stood on a
Turkish rug near the center of the main
hall and the graduates flocked to them for
a parting chat. At the close of the recep
tion an informal dance was held. Th*
last evening the graduates spent together
as a class was a delightful one to them.
The lower hall was artistically decor
ated and refreshments were served there
in quiet corners.
Gives Recep
tion at Hearst
' Hall.
President Acts
in Role of
Host.
The favorites of the graduating class
were warmly applauded. The announce
ment by President Wheeler that the Le
Conte tellowshi:? had been awarded to
J. M. Eshleman,was greeted with cheers.
The winner will receive an allowance of
*>00 a year for three years, to enab'e him
to pursue his studies in Europe." Ber
nard Alfred Etcheverry of the College of
Engineering was awarded the university
goid me<?al he being deamed the most
distinguished graduate of the vear, and
he was given an ovation when 'President
\V heeler handed him the gift with a few
words of congratulation. 1
The presentation of the diploma con
ferring the degree of doctor of philos
ophy on Miss Alice Robertson of Seattle
T, a? . ! i' ev ° k f d a Ptorm of applause from
all sides of the gymnasium. This was the
only degree-of the kind conferred at the
exercises and Miss Robertson is the third
woman to secure the distinction since
the foundation of the university. She
passed through the college of natural
.sciences and at the recent examinations
prepared a thesis on "The Embryolcev
and Embryonic Fission in Cyclosiomii
tous Bryozoa." Miss Robertson won the
degree of B. S. in 183$ and M. S. In i8OT
Robert Burns Jr.. who graduated in "the
der ;l al « olle 5 e ;, was declared the winner
oi the Marshall prize for oral surgerv
The presentation of the diplomas and
certificates occupied nearly two hours
an .*LV he Proceedings closed with the ben
ediction. The full list of the graduatfng
Tuesday E published In Th « Call on
APPLAUSE FOB FAVORITES.
The graduates ascended to the platform
in classes, led by their respective deans.
Ihe name of eacn graduate was announc
ed by the dean and the "sheepskin" was
taken from the table by a member of the
lacalty and handed in turn to President
\v heeler, who then gave it to the grad
uating student.
The conferring of military commissions
on the officers of the university military
corps was performed by Adjutant Gen
eral Stone, while the diplomas and cer
tificates of the graduates were delivered
by President Wheeler.
The speeches of the various students
¦were listened to with close attention by
the vistors and each orator was greeted
with loud cheering. President Wheeler
also came in for a warm salvo of""Sp
plause when he announced many gifts
to the university and made a stirring ad
dress to the graduating class.
After all were seated President Wheeler
advanced to the front of the platform
end asked the audience to rise during the
invocation, which was feelingly delivered
by the Rev. James Copins Perkins, a
graduate of the class of '74.
The Regents, faculty, staff officers,
alumni and graduate speakers ascended
the platform, while the graduates were
etated in a space reserved for them in
the body of the gymnasium.
When the cheers from the campus' an
nounced the approach of the procession
the band struck up a lively operatic
march, and to its strains the professors,
students and distinguished guests entered
the building. As familiar faces were rec
ognized the vast audience burst into
cheers, and the applause continued while
the parade moved along the center aisle
and approached the platform.
IU" STATELY PROCESSION.
The procession rroved through the uni
versity grounds in stately manner and
was received with applause at many
points. While it was forming and mov
ing to the gymnasium that building was
filled to its utmost capacity. A military
band, under the direction of Wilfred
Yanke, played on the balcony.
I— i OMMENCEMENT day at the
[ : % State University at Berkeley
M yesterday will be long remem
4 bered by all who took part on
J account of the announcement
made by President Wheeler of
gifts . to the seat of learning
aggregating: $83,000 and for the large num
ber of students who graduated.
The applause of the thousands .who tilled
Harmon Gymnasium was - for both the
denors of the munificent gifts and tne 456
young men and women who were award
ed their diplomas and certificates.
Although the morning was cloudy and
threatened rain, nature smiled kindly
¦when the exercises began. Thousands of
visitors flocked to the university by early
trains, and the campus presented a series
cf striking and picturesque colors.
The sedate members of the faculty,
wearing their robes and college caps,
wended their way to the assigned meeting
place, each professor being distinguished
by the multi-colored bands\>f well-earned
degrees. "
Regents and alumni walked through the
grounds, wearing the conventional black
coats and silk hats, forming a back
ground for the gay colors of the dresses
of fair visitors. The graduates appeared
In the traditional university garb.
It was well after 10 o'clock when the
signal was given for the procession to
form in front of the university library
and march to the Harmon Gymnasium,
the scene of the commencement day ex
ercises.
Leading the . procession was President
Benjamin Ide AVheeler in his robes of of
fice; then came the regents,' two by two.
lollowed by the faculty, gowitd in their
robes and colored hoods; a splash of gold
Lraid and glittering side arms denoted the
approach of staff officers, representing
the chief executive of the State; then
came the representatives of the alumni,
dignified men and women, who. had in
past years participated in commencement
day exercises as graduates; next the long
line cf student graduates, each class be
ing led by its dean.
Cheers Greet
Announee
dments.
Thousands of
Dollars Are
Given.
Generous Do
nations by
Friends.
MUNIFICENT GIFTS AND AWARD OF DIPLOMAS MARK
COMMENCEMENT DAY EXERCISES AT UNIVERSITY
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MAY 15, 1902.
4GOVERNOR ODELL MEETS REPUBLICANS
AT UNION LEAGUE CLUB RECEPTION
GOVERXOR BENJAMIN B.
ODELL Jr. of New York was
given- an informal reception by
the Union League Club last night.
The club rooms at . the Palace
Hotel were comfortably filled and leading
Republicans of California met the chief
executive of the Empire State and ex-
; v ROBBED ' OF. $45.— Bursrlars r " entered •¦ the
room '•¦ of.; Herbart -.Whitestone, ¦¦ 74 1 Geary, street
sometime last night and stole $45 In cash.' v No
clew, to the robbers has been found. ' The police
were notified and are working on the case, r
PHILBROOK'S SUIT DISMISSED.— Horace
XV. Phllbrook, • wbo sued the Southern .Pacific
Company as the- former owner- of tho Evening
Post for $50,000 damages for alleged libel, re
fused to continue, the examination of jurors
yesterday until Judge . Kerrigan > had' Riven- a
decision on;the demurrer filed by. the.defend
ant."'The suit was i thereupon ; dismissed.
The : SupervisorsVrFinance ; Committee
met in'cxecutive session "last night, for the
purpose 1 of considering the, next tax bud
get. : The ? several- . items were considered
separately | and I agreements reached '. upon
i them, -But 1 the -.not *to
¦makeiits. action : public jUntil". the full; re
port is presented to the Board of. Super
visors;;;-:; ¦•'.: - >. ;:¦;¦; : :"•-.'¦-,'¦¦¦;:; r^~; '::¦'-.-
Considers ; Next Tax Budget.
Your: First - Duty ; to •. Yourself
Is to look after, your,, own comfort. . The com
fortable.trains^ of- the' 1 Nickel; Plate Road,' Chi
cago to 'New" York and 'Bos ton, "carrying Nickel
Plate' dining; cars,': in which ,' are served Ameri
can Club mpala at from 35c to $t each, always
pleaso-the traveling public. JAY ! W ADAMS
P.- C: s P. i A... 3T- Crocker building, San Fran
cisco.'.Cal.';"': •-¦••-. ;. H"'-; 1 ¦ ...... .
These suits were made by Hlrschrnan
Bros, of . New .York— best tailors in that
market— you ; can buy. one of these, men's
suits or. overcoats; for $5 85 at the Ly
ceum, 915 Market street, opp. Mason. •
1000 men's -all-wool -suits and 'overcoats,'
worth $15 00 each, and every one of them
for -.. ¦ .'..; ; . •
Men's All-Wool Suits, $5.85.
' George Ames, 27 years of age, a picture
framer by- occupation, . committed' suicide
last evening by, inhaling illuminating gas
nt^his- room, 26 ' Franklin r street. The"
fumes of gas were noticed by. the land
lady, who 'sought admission, to the room
and'.flnally. had thedoor forced. Dr. La
gan was called," but was, unable to resus
citate the unconscious man. .'
. : Ames ' had • suffered for several 'months
from'* an* incurable ; dlsease.' | Previous - to
lijs- Illness: he 1 worked. at Schussler Bros.'
picture; framing establishment on' Grove
street.: -He. Is -supposed to have a sister
residing in Oakland." "¦'¦":.','
Inhales Illuminating Gas.
SAN JOSE. May ; *4.— The rural deUvery
routes of Santa Clara County are to be reor
ganized and six additional carriers employed.
San Jose will get two of "the carriers andl^s
Gatos. Mountain View, Morgan Hill and
Sunnyvale oue each.
; ' The ' quickest • and most ' convenient ' Way in
and out of the- Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San' Francisco to
day'at D.a.'m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemtte to-morrow, at 5 p. m: %".
Call at Santa Fe. ticket office. 611 > Market
street.V for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. , > *'."¦¦, ¦¦ ' ,-¦"¦ .¦'•'. •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
: President; Mrs.' John Barton; first, vice presi
dent, Mrs.-F.'D.; Bates; second vice president,
Mrs. J. L..'- Martel; third vice .president, Mrs
•F. h ' G. Norman ;> treasurer.-; Mrs. William H*
Dick : Mrs. William . J.\I)utton:' as
sistant secretary, Mr«. Eugene Breese. Board
of trustees — William .H. Crocker . Georei*
Crocker, Charles ..E. Green, Charles F. Hari
ilon, .David :,IIewes,,-. Joseph Knowland, ;J. 'C.
JClrkpatrick," j Charles Nelson, ¦ S. ¦ B. Peterson'
A. W. Scott and Henry T. Scott. '¦ Board of
managers— Mrs." F. M.. Ames, Mrs. John Bat
ton,,;Mrs.-Kui:ene'Breese,'-Mrs. .F.' D-, Bates
Mrs. .William - H. - Brown. Mrs. - William H*
Crocker, ¦ Mrs.- O -.T. ¦ Deane, s Mrs. • A. R Du-
' Peru," Mrs.... William «H. Dick, : Mrs. William JJ
Dutton, Mrs. D. E. Friele.'Mra. Charles Good
all,, Mrs. rGeorge. A. 'Knight, Mp. ,C..T. Lager
crantz. Mrs. J. L.; Martel,- Mrs. ;C I T Mills :
Mrs. .W.,O. Mills. Mrs. ¦ F. G. Norman, Mrs-
M. 'R. .Roberts, -Mrs. E. J.Shaw, Mrs.A.'W.
Scott. ,-Mrs. George H. • Tyson, Mrs. . C. • C < Wads
worth, v- Mrs... George > B. -Warren, 'Mrs C ' S'
Wcnban, Mrs. -, William Willis and Mrs. K s!
Yemans. -•:. ' '.,¦:•¦• ¦ ¦. ¦-.--.¦ . ¦-. *¦ — .
The following officers were chosen:
! The directors of 'the Old People's' Home
met yesterday' ..afternoon at the home,
Pine arid ; Pierce streets, and elected the
offlcersand directors to hold office dur
ing the' ensuing year.-.". ' ;. - ;•
dent and", a Board of Managers
' is Named.
Mrs. John Barton . Is Elected Presi-
In. the case of August Stahl, of 1501
Twenty-fifth street, who was killed in
an elevator accident May B in the West
ern Sugar Refinery, the jury found' the
accident "due to the carelessness of both
the deceased and the person in charge of
the elevator." ¦_• , ¦ . ¦'
In' the case of Samuel Friedlarider of
615 .Taylor street, who Asphyxiated him
self with illuminating gas last Monday
in the Burlington Hotel, the verdict was
"suicide while temporarily insane."
Coroner Leland held Inquests yesterday
in several . cases. In, the. matter of the
death of El wood -WV Clark, 4 years old,
who was killed by being struck by a car
May 7, at. the intersection of . Mission and
Twenty-eighth streets, the jury returned
a verdict that death was the result- of
"an unavoidable accident caused by. be
ing struck by an electric, car. While we
exonerate the; motorman. we -recommend
the railway . comyany to adopt a fender
that will always bo in. place to save life
and avoid accidents." •.
Exonerated in Case of
Baby Clark, ' ,
Motorman of Mission-Street Line Is
> Miss Irene Geimann will give an enter
tainment this, evening at her dancing
academy In \ Golden Gate . Hall. Music,
singing; and fancy dancihg by the pupils
will -be the attractions. Among those who
will take part is Gladys Bunner, the four
yesr-old daughter of Policeman Steve
Bunner. She is said to.be the; most ac
complished : infantile "dancer in the city.
Miss Geiriiann herself is the daughter of
former-; Corporal. Geimann of the Police
Department, who is now dead. She Is
only' 15, years ,old, but: has been teaching
dancing for more than a year. •
Pupils to Give ¦ Entertainment.
OFFICERS SELECTED
¦> FOR OLD "PEOPLE'S HOME
Carl ton C. Crane, agent of. the New
York Central lines in this city, gave a
luncheon at the Bohemian Club yesterday
in ;honor of Governor Odell of New York.
The party at the luncheon was made up
of. Governor Odell, B. B. Odell, -father of
the Governor; Major H. K. Bird, State
Senator Ellsworth of New York and E. O.
McCormick and George F. , Richardson of
the Southern Pacific Company: ¦
Governor Odell and party will leave here
Friday for Del Monte, where they will're
main for a" week, and then proceed to the
Yosemite Valley.- Governor Odell ex
presses, himself as delighted with all he
has seen of California.
¦ >, . • .
ODELL GUEST AT LUNCHEON.
tire Stock at Auction. \
.To-day and several days the public will
have a rear chance to buy rugs almost at
any price. • ' • - . V
. The entire stock, of Mr. Mlhran, the
well-known collector and % dealer, will be
sold out" at bona fide auction,' as he
greatly needs cash for his collecting trip.
; Always ; great bargains have been se
cured at his departure sales; greater bar
gains /are. assured this time, 'especially in
rare rugs, for which his stock is^ re
nowned. ...'.. ¦ • ' -
Sale opens to-day at 2:30 p.m., at his
art rooms, 332 Post st.,' near Powell. •.
The Cause of His Selling Out His En-
MIHRAN'S HEGIRA.
SACRAMENTO. May 14.— The floral pa
rade to-day was the great feature of the
street fair and May festival, and was j
by all odds the most spectacular and Im
pressive demonstration of the kind ever
witnessed in this city. Thousands of
spectators lined the streets and lustily
cheered the many striking features pre
sented. It seemed that all the floral
wealth of the great Sacramento Valley y
had been employed in the decoration of
the numerous vehicles which formed the
line of parade.
One fact that impressed itself upon vis
itors was that while Sacramento excel* '
in beautiful flowers, it also excels in fem
inine loveliness. Queen Fay was gladly
acclaimed all along the line. She was
seated In a beautiful victoria, drawn by
four horses and lavishly decorated with -
white pampas plumes and pink and white
carnations.
There were many novel features In th»
way of decorations which called forth
the hearty applause ' of the multitude.
There was a: general suspension of busi
ness in the city this morning during the
parade.
To-night the Sacramento Driving Club
gave a parade of local driving horses.
There were many stylish turnouts in line.
The May Queen in the royal chariot
again made her appearance.
. The following prizes were awarded to
day by the floral parade committee:
Best float— First prize, Southern Facifls
Company employes; second. Oak Park Streec
Fair committee: third, Weinstock. Lubin A Co.
. Best coach-^Wasserman. Kauffman & Co
Best surrey with two horses— Mrs. T. W. .
Hlng.
Best buggy with two hors«9 — First prlae
Mrs. C. "W. Paine; second. Mrs. Albert EJku3
Best surrey with one horse — First prize, Mrs*
E. C. Hart; second, beat trap. Misses Ethel
Hall and Edwlna Crouch.
Best tandem, two or more horses— Mayor
George H. Clark.
Best novelty — First prize. B. C. Greer- «ee
ond. Miss M. C. Crouch.
Best automobile — First prize. E. A. Nlco
laus; second. Mrs. G. C. Simmons.
Best miniature vehicle drawn by don. eo*t*
or ponies— First prize, Mrs. J. C. Canon; sec
ond; Mrs. George Sherman. "
-Best lady on horseback — Mnr. G. Curtis.
Best gentleman on horseback — E. C. Flint.
Best* girl on horseback — Miss Emily M<v
Carthy. . . ,-•• - ;
Best boy on. horseback — Frank Prltchard.
Best novelty, in bicycles — First prize. Sacra
mento Juniors; second. Oak Park Wheelmen.
¦ "The conditions at • Naciemlento are
such,".. said he, ."that if several- thousand
men were located there typhoid and other
fever, -would; Inevitably, result;- .and I
thought the Government ought to 'be in
formed of this • before going ¦ further.'*
; Dr. Roberts, when ' seen . to-day, said
that he' wrote . the '. letter to President
Roos»evelt not from any interested motive,
for, as a citizen of Monterey, he desired
that , the post: be located here, but solely
because. he believed- it his duty as a citi
zen to do so. '. / • ' , • -
Whether- Bolger represents the Govern
ment or has been sent here by other in
terested ' parties ¦ cannot be ¦ ascertained,
but however that may be, it Is said ¦ to
be certain' that he. has left with -a pretty,
strong belief that Dr. Roberta speaks
from knowledge of tho locality of the
camp site. . . ' '.
As a result of this letter, M. A'. Bolger,
a detective from the Curtln . agency in
San Francisco, made his appearance here
last week, and since . has been, quietly
investigating Dr. Roberts' standing and
reliability, as well as carefully looking
into the, truth of the statements in hia
letter to the President.
The question was reopened by a letter
which Dr. J. L». , D. Roberts, a physician
of this place, wrote to. President Roose
velt shortly after the choice, of _the Na
ciemiento was announced. The physiciai
alleged that the. whole section included
in the 20,000 acres was unsuitable for a
camp of any kind on account of Its un
healthful conditions. The letter specifies
the undesirable features, asserting that
all the water was strongly impregnated
with ' alkali; that ¦ the district was fever
infested and the land too poor to be of
any use for. any. sort of agriculture," and
that the heat in summer in'that region
was intense. He based these statements
upon the knowledge of the region in gen
eral and • the ¦ Naciemiento in particular,
which he claims to. have gained in sev
eral years' of experience while prospect
ing, for oil in lower -Monterey and San
Luis Obispo counties, j In making tho
statements, he declared himself willing
and able to prove them. .«.:-i ; -
MONTEREY, May. 14.— The question "of
a site for- the permanent military post
and camp of instruction which the Gov
ernment ¦ purposes • establishing on this
coast, which was believed to have been
settled in the choice of 20,000 acres of tho
Nacimiento rancho in southern Monterey
and northern San Luis Obispo counties,
seems about to be reopened, and if state
ments made:to-day by those professing to
have- authoritative information are true,
it is likely the- Naciemlento location will
be abandoned. What other site will be
chosen in the event of the present one
being abandoned is not known here.
The- map of Ireland at the fair is. a
wonderful piece of work and is attracting
much attention. To visit the. fair without
seeing the map is to miss one of the best
features in the great exhibition. . '
* Visitors to the Mechanics' Pavilion need
not' ask if ¦ the, Irish' Fair is a success.
That it is', is apparent. : The Pavilion is
packed every evening, and last night was
no exception to the rule. -All of the booths
were liberally, patronized by the visitors
and a handsome sum was netted.
the Many Attractive. Exhibits
in the Various Booths.
Thousands of Visitors Nightly Enjoy
IRISH FAIR CONTINUES .
: TO DRAW BIG CROWDS
CORONER'S JURY SUGGESTS
USE OF RIGID CAR FENDERS
APPROVES OF HARMONY.
Governor Odell was received with en-
' I^et me say. sir. ' that wherever you ko you
will carry with you our best wishes for your
future success and prosperity. May the sun
ever shine on your pathway and future gen
erations follow the example of your splendid
C8.T66r. ¦ ¦ - - ;...-*
Think for a moment Just where- you' are
Why, sir, by the grace of God and the South
rm Pacific Railroad you have been taken from
Hell Gate and landed at the Golden Gate from
Fire Island to Angel Island; you are power
fully close to paradise, do you wajit' to go
Might I ask you, sir, to consider well the
advisability of following the example of Mr
H.irriman. that of remaining in California with
us?
changed pleasantries and political confi
dences with him.
The Governor of California was riot
present. Gage had sent his regrets in re
sponse to the club's invitation. But there
was good gubernatorial timber In sight,
and the moment of supreme Interest came
when Colonel George H. Pippy, president
of the club, presented Mayor Schmitz to
Governor Odell. Railroad Commissioner
Edson was also present and shook the
hand of Roosevelt's successor.
The reception began at 8:30 o'clock.
Colonel Pippy escorted the guest of honor
to the speaker's rostrum and introduced
him, as follows:
I take pleasure in presenting to you the mem
bers of the Union League Club, with* the assur
ance that you are most welcome here to-njght.
not only as the chief executive o£ the great
State of New York, but as a gentleman, pre
eminent in all that goes toward the making
of one of the foremost American statesmen
of the present dp.y. We assure you that though
many miles from New York, here you are at
home — our home. Is yours.
After the Knickerbocker quartet . had
sung and Marcus Blum's orchestra ': had
played .the members were presented'
singly to the guest of honor by Colonel
Pippy. At the close of the handshaking
levee- Colonel Pippy, Governor Odell and
Mayor Schmitz led the. way into the re
freshment room. They took seats at a
huge round .table in ; the corner and some
of the most prominent of the men present
gathered about them. The'rest of the
evening was spent in pleasant conversa
tion; -. ' • • •
spoke eloquently of boyhood days, "in Ills
own case spent" in .New York. He paid
tribute to the Empire State as. the State
of, romance and poetry,' though settled by
the most methodical and unromantic of
people, tho Dutch. He said to Governor
Odell that there could be no greater honor
for him, except to»pass. as Roosevelt had,
to/ rule over the destinies of the nation,
and the applause that followed was as
much in recognition of the presence of a
Presidential possibility as in approval of
the tribute paid in the same breath to
President Roosevelt.
NATURE'S BEAUTY
FEASTS THE EYE
CRITICIZES NEW
MILITARY SITE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WHO WAS GIVEN
AN INFORMAL. RECEPTION BY THE UNION LEAGUE CLUB LAST
NIGHT AT THE PALACE HOTEL. -
, .The proceedings were executive. It was
learned after the meeting that the con
tractors expressed themselves In favor of
remaining. neutral in the fight, and reso
lutions-to that effect .were adopted. The
contractors declared that' the fight now
going on was detrimental to the interests
of the community and that they would do
nothing to add fuel to the fire. It was de
cided'by the contractors to Ignore all
unions in employing carpenters, and as
long as. a' carpenter is a union man no
questions as to which union he is affiliated
with will be asked.
The troubles existing between the Buildj
ing. Trades Council and the. .local unions
of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners formed the subject of an ant
mated discussion at a mass meeting t of
the Builders'. Association last night. About
one hundred contractors were in attend
ance. President G. G. Gillespie was in the
chair and James McSheehy acted as sec
retary. ¦¦ .. : '". .¦ ¦ . ¦¦ . ¦ . ¦ 1:; ¦
tween the Rival Carpenters'
, . : Unions.
Refuse to Take Part in the Fight Be-
CONTBACTORS DECIDE
TO REMAIN NEUTRAL
The funeral of James Findlayson, the
aged pioneer, who died last Saturday,
took place yesterday morning from the
residence of Miss L. M. Ingargolia, at
•whose home he had resided for many
years. The funeral services were Impres
sively conducted by the Rev. Edward F.
Dinsmore, pastor of the Second Unitarian
Church. During the services the Knick
erbocker Quartet sang "They Are Gather
ing Homeward One by One," "Rock of
Apes" and "We Shall 'Meet Beyond the
River." The body was taken to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery and there cremated.
Findlayson's Body Is Cremated.
Pursuant to this alleged scheme Uhren
said that he was instructed to buy the
Btcck on margins, and that he purchased
1<K)O shares through a brokerage house on
an 8 per cent margin, and the brokers pur
chased the game stock from the defend
ants for $120,000. On April 10 he purchased
100 shares through another firm of brokers
on a 7 per cent margin, and on April 16
he bought 500 shares on an S per cent
margin through a third firm.
Uhren also declared that on April 23 he
•w as sent by Offenbach & Moore to Boston
to purchase 10,000 shares of the Rutland
Etcck on margin and that he arranged to
buy such stock, but that he received In
structions from his employers to caned
the orders.
An affidavit in the case was made by
Bernard Uhren, who said he was em
ployed by Offenbach & Moore as a clerk
and bookkeeper in December last, and
that on April 7 John D. Elwell told him
'that he, with the other defendants, had
a scheme to unload upon the public the
preferred stock of the Rutland Railroad,
which was practically all owned by Webb-
Meyer, and was under the immediate con
trol of Meyer."
The order of arrest was issued In a suit
brought by David Rosenberg • of New
York against C. L. Meyer. Robert Offen
bach, Benjamin P. Moore and John D.
3£:iwelL Rosenberg alleged that he was
damaged to the extent of $9200 by an al
leged conspiracy to unload Rutland pre
ferred stock at a price greater than it
¦was worth. The order of arrest was
signed by Justice piegrich on May 3.
"W hile the four named as defendants were
eued, all the names were stricken from
tiie order of arrest except that of Arthur
L. Meyer.
XEW YORK, May 14.— A. L. Meyer,
promoter of the Hackensack Meadows
Company and other companies, whose
stock certificates declined in price about
a. week ago, and against whom an order
of arrest was issued, surrendered himself
to the Sheriff to-day. Ball was fixed at
54000 and was furnished. Meyer was soon
afterward released.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 14.— The pro
visional government of Hay ti which was
established by Boiserond Canal, a former
President of Haytl, has pardoned the
Haytian exiles in Jamaica, who are ar
ranging to charter a steamer and proceed
to Port au Prince at the earliest oppor
tunity. According to reliable informa
tion which has reached here there will
be a continuation of the present serious
trouble in Hayti. The party supporting
Fouchard:in his claim to the Presidency
of Hayti is determined to make \ an ef
fort to get into power. • .
s The northern revolutionists have slezed
the ¦; customs houses ". of ! Cape . Haytlen,
Port' de Palx. arid' Gonalves;' and are J colr
lect/ng duties.- Protests against; this- ac
tion on the'; part of GeneralFirmin have
been entered by the national' bank and
the diplomatic corps. , - -
, A '¦ severe" \ engagement • between " the
northern i revolutionists and-the : southern
forces, meaning the troops from Port au
Prince and the cities of its vicinity, is
expected to take place to-morrow or the
day. after. A steamer from Kingston,
Jamaica, .is- expected here to-day or
Thursday, bringing a number of Haytians
who have been in exile. Among them are
Foucliard and Senoque Pierre, two more
candidates for the Presidency.
' The French steamer Olinde Rodriguez,
on which ex-President Sam . embarked
yesterday, is still in the harbor of Port
au Prince." She was to have sailed yes
terday, but was detained by the French
Minister,- M. de Prese. She will remain
here until a foreign warship reaches Porr
au Prince. The absence of a foreign
warship is causing great uneasiness in
the foreign' colony here.
After the embarkation of General Sam
all the -political prisoners here were re
leased and last night they, with groups of
drunken soldiers, paraded the streets.
Shots were fired from time to time, and
it was feared that the plundering of
stores and residences would follow. The
provisional government constituted by
Boiserond Canal, a former President, is
attempting to control the situation, but
General Saint Foix* Colin, the district
commander; General Kebeau, the chief cf
police, and Polinice, the communal mag
istrate, are the only officials who appear
to be exercising authority. They formed
a :corps of respectable citizens yesterday
and succeeded in disarming most of tne
dangerous characters. As a result the
night was much quieter than it would
otherwise have been. . .- . ¦
;PORT.AUPRINCE ( Hayti, .May. 14.—
Admirals Killick, commander of r the Hay
;tian^ fleet, iha's" started 'for' Cape* Haytjen
with the Hay tian warships Crete-a-Pierot
'aiid ; .Toussaint .-¦¦ Liouvertier,, '.havins- "de-'
clared, himself ¦ in favor; of General'Fir
mln,\ the former: Minister of ;'Haytir at
Paris, • who is the head of the Xrevolu
tionary forces in the northern part, of the
island.-" / ,- ;''¦-'¦,¦ • •• . •¦ ¦•— •;>;• • :
There were calls for General Barnes, and
after Colonel Pippy had urged him to re
spond- he began by relating again the
story of the epitaph;, ending, "I expect
tjiis, but not so soon." ;General Barnes
GENERAL BARNES SPEAKS.
thiisiastic applause. He responded briefly
as follows: '¦ ¦ - ~ ,'
\ If there had been no other reason for/me to
visit California than the magnificent, eloquence
o; my friend Hafrlman. formerly of New^York,
i - but . now of San Francisco, that would * have
L been sufficient. ' -. . -V*'--'
.1 am very glad to be here to meet the mlll
! tant 'Republicans of California.- It has been
• ' my lot" to be intimately associated with • lead
' inir .Republicans in New York. We have given
" men to the country — as I have been ¦ reminded
* since--; I' have .reached San Francisco by men
who know the history of New York better than
some' of 'us from, that State — we have: given
. ir>en to you who have done their part well. -We.
still have one of whom we are very proud; one
.' who, though called upon suddenly through un-.
fortunate circumstances that we all regret most
deeply, is" doing his duty in a manner creditable
to the: man, to the State and to the nation.' .
Harmony ', Is essential in the ranks • of the
party,-' arid though you may have papers, -as
¦ we have, that assert the lack of it, I am glad.
* ti) find that when it comes to business . and
voting Republicans here are in line as they
are in New York and in every other State of
the tJnion;. , : '. • . . " / ' .
I thank you ' for. your • cordial reception and
hope that I shall be able to come back again.
Foreigners Worried .-Because
"of the ; Absenc9 of
' ; : ; -Warships- ¦.- ¦
Associate of Webb in Stock
Transactions Surren
dera
Situation in Troubled
Hay ti Gr ow3 More
Serious.
Meyer of New York for
a Brief Time Is in
Custody.
RIOTERS RULE
IN THE CITIES
SHERIFF HOLDS
THE PROMOTER
> ' ¦ \ . \- ' ' ¦ -' i ' ¦¦¦"¦' ¦'¦¦¦¦"• -'•••'¦' ¦¦ ¦ " ¦
THE SAX FK ANCISCO CALL, THimSDAY,';MlY 15^ 1 902.
New York's Distinguished Chief Executive Expresses Pleasure at Having
Found Harmony in the Party, and Sits at Table With Mayor Schmitz,
Gage Having Sent Regrets in Response to an Invitation to Be Present
5
Established 1823.
1 1 fll HI
i-silf ¦ WHISK EY
mm oil V"*« •»
¦ ¦ JAKE JOSEPH, Representative, 800 Battery Street. Bsnx FraacLsca* " *
: _[_^ : _____-_ ¦ ADVEBTISEMENTS.
pSTOpD^lF PERUNA
To Health and Usefulness Were These
Two Grateful Women,
leucorrhcsa, which grew worse, and /, /Xr^^zi*$j^ \
as a result of hard work I contracted ll W "^^^ji u
a stubborn case of '¦ inflammation of • ji , a- 2 '^^ ! \
tho womb, /-tried several doctors, I \\
out oof no oozferm Upon tne aavice i i ~~~~ ~~ ~~ ' \
of friends / oeoan the use of »eruna» ¦ Q» v^^ ¦ * V^y \
I took nmo bottles of this far-famed \ ' t£^j} • I
medicine, Peruna, and after many . Pv I
fruitless endeavors have finally re- \ Ifeg'Bggggjggr ) /
gamed my health. I can recommend v\ I I l^^^^^^^^^^y! .-> _ //[
"MRS. AUGUS1 A BOETTCHER. '
\"1 thank Dr. Hartman andiPeruna next i *""^"""^-*>rt tfjr
to God for nay health, and whenever and xSNJ^J John TfaVVYWx^C
wherever I have an opportunity I -will IvQ»* l^r^
1 ecoramend' Peruna, and I shall never be __^*-^£r
Tvlthout it In uij house, for I know by ex- . .
perlence that it Is si good medicine, with-
out which one should not be. I experl- more organs o£ the female pelvis,
ence no pain as usual before menstrua- , No wonder women talk about Peruna.
tion, and feel a great change in my condi- No. wonder they thlnlc it is the great-
tion, as I can do my own housework. May est medicine In the world.
God keep you for a long time to help suf- Peruna cures the catarrh wherever lo-
fering mankind." • - ¦ cated.
MRS. JOHN KAHRING. Peruna is not a guess nor an experi-
TV'omen are subject to pelvic catarrh. ment— it is an absolute scientific cer-
This condition has been called all sorts tainty.
of names and is often referred to under Peruna has no substitutes— no rivals,
the general phrase, female diseases. Insist upon having Peruna.
Peruna cures these cases. ' • If you do not derive prompt and satla-
Peruna cures them because it cures factory results from the use of Peruna.
catarrh wherever located. write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
The nature of most of these ailments Is full statement of your case, and he will
cstarrhal. • be pleased to give you hia valuable ad-
Catarrh .is liable to attack any organ vice gratis.
Of Tf tl } e body -. „ „ . , -' J ; Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tho
It is especially liable to attack one or Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
ATI V V, WV I STi-NT V. hi 'I'tt
"AT SLOANE'S"
Annual Clearance Sale.
Furniture...
Large line of Brass and Iron Bedsteads, 3 ft, 3 ft. 6 and
4 ft 6 sizes. To close at prices ranging from
$5.00 Each and Upwards.
Immense assortment of Bureaus, Chiffoniers and Dressing
Tables in all the popular woods and finishes.
Sole Agents...
Ostermoor &. Go.'s Patent Elastic , .
Complete match, sets of Diaing-Boom, Furniture, consist-
ing of Sideboard, China Closet, Buffet, Extension Table and
Chairs, also odd pieces of Din ing-Room Furniture, which we
offer to close at reductions of
25 to 50 Per Cent. y
Xiarge assortment of Parlor Suites, Davenports, Easy Chairs,
and Rockers and many odd piece? suitable for Library and "Liv-
ing-Room, offered at large reductions.
Drapery Department,..
Desirable Furnishings for city or country homes;
Special inducements in rich, and novel effects:
Figured and Boidered Portieres.
Ruffled Muslin Curtains.
Lace Curtains.
Largest stock on the Coast from which to select.' We in-
vite inspection of stock and comparison of prices.
¦ »
W. & X SLOANE & GO.
Carpets. I Furniture. Upholstery.
114-122 POST STREET, SAW FRANCISCO.
and enjoy the convl'orts
oPaL>vell-^ppoiivte4^ -"Jri
Konve ak.rvd tKe corv- - jf I ?
veniervces oF<i Fashion* > C " "
able club. < 4i ' V 0 "^
' 641- Market- st*.
*t • ¦ : __•:¦, , Special information supplied ,f daily .-; to
business i houses r and "• public men by the
Piess" Clipping. Bureau (Allen's) ,v 230 Cali
fornia^ street. :• Telephone Main -1042. ?
, vTownsend's California ; glace. fruit,. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched- boxes or Jap. bask
etg/i'A. nice present T fox * Eastern friends
K»Market-st., Palace Hotel building. • :
remarkabla building:, the illustration of which. is reproduced fromHar-.
pperVWeekly.Usjbeing -erected in New York at the southern junction of
I Broadway and Fifth avenue. It la to have a height of twenty stories dbovc
il '.;.-. the ground on a plat of land moat difficult tor construction ' plirposes Not
,'only.in its appearance; but in its mechanical construction, -the great build-
ing is like the, prow of an enormous steel'shlp.'. ; . ¦-¦ . - - ,
In this increasing prosperity the workingmen of
the city can find ample reason for sustaining, the Re
publican policies of protection and sound money.
Prosperity of course depends mainly upon industry
and thrift, but without well ordered legislation" for
the protection of industry and the maintenance ..of
the value of the money in which labor is paid even
the most industrious and the most thrifty cannot be
sure of earning enough to live in comfort/ much less
saving anything. -The workers of America were as
industrious and as thrifty, during the panic years as
It is to be borne in mind that an increase of sav
ings deposits signifies something more than ap
pears in the figures themselves. For a considerable
period there has been a notable • activity in the
building trades of the city,- and while there is no way
of estimating accurately how much of. that activity
is due to the building of workingmen's homes, or
how much of the savings of the wage-earners, has
been expended in that way, it is certain that the ag
gregate amount has been large. Moreover, other
large, sums have been employed in paying off debts
and mortgages upon homes erected by workingrnen
in former years. Finally, the . general increase of
prosperity has raised the standard of living; and the
great mass of the laboring population of the city has
lived better during the past year than during' the
period that followed the financial panic and indus
trial depression which were so disastrous to the
country. The bank deposits represent the savings
over and above those increased expenditures. "
Deposits in, savings banks represent in the mam
the prosperity of the working classes. It is true that
others than wage-earners sometimes make such de
posits, but as a rule it is the wage-earners or the men
and women of small salaries whose savings go to
banks of that character. An increase in . savings
bank deposits is therefore an unfailing register the
welfare and advancing wealth, of the labor of the
A GRATIFYING proof of the prosperity of
San Francisco is found in the report of the
Board of Bank Commissioners that there is
npw on deposit- in the savings banks of this city
$1,046,068 more than at the' close of last year. The
total amountf due depositors by these banks now
amounts to $t34.476>55° 77-
A PROOF OP PROSPERITY.
In the investigation into the conduct of, the Amer
ican army in the Philippines' ' which has been in
progress in Washington, it is said that the service
tends to derange the mind of the American soldier.
Perhaps after all this is the only rational defense of
the water cure. - .
As all efforts madeby our State Department since
the days of Olney have,becri met with so much ob
duracy on the part of the Russian Government 7 that
no encouraging results have been attained, it. seems
clear that more vigorous .efforts are necessary.
There i$ no reason why an American citizen -in
Russia should not be as well treated as a Russian is
treated in this country;. and, as we make no distinc
tion; of race or religion in our: citizenship,- we should
not permit others to make such distinctions. All
ttiat we have to' ask of the Russian " GovVr'nrrient';.' is
khatthe validity of the American passport -shall be
recognized no matter, by whom it.isborne.~ The is
sue is an important one, and. it is"_ gratifying;-: that
Congress has taken it up and roused the 'State De
partment; to :fenewed , efforts c to put ,an' end [to the
wrong.
It is conceded, of course, that Russia has. a fight
to exclude undesirable immigrants or travelers from
her soil. The United States refuses to. admit'Rus
sian anarchists, criminals or paupers, and Russia has
a right to exclude similar classes . of, Americans
should any of them desire to go to- that country.
That principle, however, does not apply to the' case
before us. The injustice of the course of the'Rus
sian Government lies in the fact that "discrimination
is made against certain persons of American birth
and citizenship not because they are criminal,-dis
eased or indigent, but solely because of their race'and
their religion. Against such discriminations it
would seem that we have not only a right to protest,
but that it is our duty to do so.
The report raises a problem for American consid
eration. It is no defense for wrong done to an
American citizen to say, that citizens of .other .coun
tries are treated just as badly,: nor should the appar
ent willingness of other countries to submit to the ill
treatment of their citizens be regarded as an excuse
for an equal willingness on bur part. The reference
of the Secretary to the treatment of Jews of other
lands is therefore irrelevant to . the issue/ Our sole
concern is with'the mannerin which that class of
American citizens arc treated by a Government
which for a long series of years has continued,
against our protestations, to act harshly and unjustly.
ir^ EPRESENTATIVE : GOLDFOGLE of New
p^, York recently procured the adoption by the
•¦¦ 'X House of a resolution calling upon Secretary
Hay for information concerning alleged discrimina
tions on the part of the Russian Government against
American citizens of the Jewish race. In . response
the Secretary has informed the House that "since
Secretary Olney's effcrts to secure equality of treat
ment for American citizens in Russia the position
of the State Department has not changed and its
efforts have been continued. They have not, how
ever, been attended, with encouraging^ success." The
Secretary added that he" has "no reason to.;believe
that American Jews are treated, by the Russians in
any way differently from the Jews of other nations.
Resources — Bank premises. $2,163,103 UC;
other real estate, $2,465,158 42; miscellaneous
stocks and bonds and county warrants, $7,6(J0,
03S 00; loans on real estate. $3,903,715 63;
loans on stocks, bonds and warrants, $17,28.",
662 11; loans on other securities, $4,603,633 91;
loans on personal security, including overdrafts,
$22,849,220 46; money on hand. $13,531,261 07;
due from banks and bankers, $19,523.572 25;
furniture and fixtures, expenses and taxes and
other assets, $3,270,423 77; total resources, $97.
346.616 60.
Liabilities— Capital paid In coin. $10,403.
651 05; reserve fund and profit and loss. $15.
408,490 34; due depositors, $60,287,841 01; due
banks and bankers, $7,436,472 7S: other liabil
ities. $3,805,161 42; total liabilities, $97,346.
618 60. • "
The statement of resources and liabili
ties of the local commercial banks, as of
ficially reported April 20, is as follows:
The financial condition of the eighteen
commercial banks of San Francisco Is
said by the Board of Bank Commissioners
to be better than at any previous period
In the history of the city. That the city
as a whole is very prosperous is evidenced
by the fact that there was on April 30 on
deposit In thesd institutions $4,742,293 2D
more than on December 31 of last year.
$4,742,293 25 in Deposits Since
Close of Last Year.
Eighteen Commercial Banks Gain
RUSSIAN INTOLERANCE.
; San Francisco may well study- this empire of
wealth that has its commercial drainage to her har
bor, to her docks and warehouses. It will be an
enlightening experience for her business men and
will be appreciated by all the communities that are
visited. If there be Eastern business men or in
vestors sojourning among us, by all means let them
be invited to join the party. They will; get needed
knowledge. In the vast orange groves of the SacraV
mento they will smell the blossoms and see the form
ing fruit They will see the vineyards and .the or
chards, the wheat just heading and the bearded bar
ley yellowing for the reaper; They will see the cop
per and gold mines in action, the forests ripe for the
saw, and around it all an inspiration in the sunshine
and scenery that may be. enjoyed only^in California.
All this is framed in scenery of a beauty 1 and maj
esty that has -no rival, and is under a climate that no
la.nd can match. Every day in the. year that valley
is producing, something of value to commerce, and
the toil that develops it is performed under such
physical conditions -make it seem like the
pleasure of recreation to workers under the hard arid
exhausting climatic conditions of the East.
The next tour taken is to include the vast and rich
Sacramento Valley. It is better stored with natural
wealth than any similar area anywhere on the sur
face of the earth. From the gold and copper of its
upper stretch to the fruits and farm crops of its delta
lands that valley is a world in itself. There is no
want of man for the necessaries of life and no long
ing for its luxuries that Sacramento Valley cannot
supply.
The plan adopted cf sending the business and pro
fessional men of San Francisco on tours around the
State, to meet the people, study natural resources
and hail the men whose labor and enterprise are cd
vcloping them, promises - to add to commercial
knowledge the desirable element of personal and
sympathetic contact. All this may sound strangely
to an Eastern man, who has not in mind the vastness
of California. To travel over it, study its resources
and meet its people is as if a committee of New
Yorkers start on the road to study the country and
meet the people from their own city to Charleston,
S. C. In this desirable and pleasant survey of Cali-.
fornia these social and* commercial tourists come in
contact with a far greater variety of resources and
kinds of production than is found between New
York and Charleston. The methods and means of
development they will see are immensely greater in
number. Some of them would be as novel to a New
York business man as the processes of a modern
physical laboratory.
commerce of this city, and through them almost en
tirely has come the impression of the resources of
THE Promotion Committee, under the auspices
of the State Board of Trade, is doing a most
desirable and^necessary work. San Francisco
has had too little personal touch with the rural
parts of the State. The fields and orchards and vine
yards, the forests and mines, have poured into the
GTTY SHOWS WONDERFUL
FINANCIAIi PR0SPEBITY
TOURING THE STATE.
I. H. Tuttle of "Watsonvllle, president of
the Pajaro Valley Board of Trade, la
spending a few days in the city.
Frederick Beaudry, a mining man of
Colorado, is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
B. Cussick. & lumber man of Chico, is
at the Grand. . v-v-v-^
J. C. Steele. a mlnlngr man of Carrville,
is at the Grand. . _
George Schwln, a merchant .'of Huron,
is at the Grand.
J. H. Batcher, a merchant of Sacra*
mento, Js at the Grand.
Thomas Derby, a mining man of New
Almaden, is at the Palace.
F. A. Hihn, a well-known capitalist ot
Santa Cruz,' Is at the Palace.
A. G. Wells, the Santa Fe representa
tive in Los Angeles; is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
In advocating the new food the \Wisconsin. says:
"The horse is; the cleanest of. all animals, and there
fore his meat, is not unhealthful. We have had some (
experience in' horse beef and know what it is. In
1870 we were shur'up'for two months in the siege of
Paris, and horse beef was. served. up by not a few of
the restaurants under the title ; of .'fillet, de mouton.'
It is a palatable diet, but inasmuch as there, is "no
fat in the beer it is not' very nourishing. Meredith
M. Read, who was our' Consul General at the time
in Paris,- told us N^iat he lived during the whole siege
on' horse beef: It satisfied hunger, butvwas not a
nourishing diet. That is really the only objection to
horse meat. The animal before* being slaughtered;
was carefully inspected by a. veterinarian, and if pro
nounced free from disease it was sold to the public. \
It is . strange there should be any prejudice against
horse • beef. The animal in all its habits is nearly'
"human— it is> so cleanly." \ j$ \"S. .-;
We present, the suggestion for what 'it', is'. worthy
To Californians of course it is of no value except as
a topic of current interest illustrating life in the East:
In this State we are not likely to be forced to eat
horses. If the worst comes we can live on prunes.
Still jj) is instructive to^note that since Chicago or
ganized the beef trust and raised prices Milwaukee
shows the country how to get^a horse on the trust.
There is one statement of the' Wisconsin, however,
that needs explanation. It says the "in all its
habits' is nearly human."- Is that -regarded in Mil
waukee as an argument for eating it? ...
Not one of the many suggestions has found much
favor. Fighting the trust- is a long'process and.peo
ple cannot wait breakfast and. dinner .until- the. trust
is busted. ;A diet -of herbs does not Suit the Ameri-.
can taste, and the adoption of it in "this ; instance
would seem too much like: a surrender to .'the" fust:
for it to be accepted even> with: as much grace as ,
might otherwise have been accorded ,it. Finally, the'
country has no desire To raise the-Belgian liare busi-;
ness again. One wrestle with' that rage is enough.'
In this dubious condition of the public mind ttie Mil-'
waukee Wisconsin comes forward with a solution of:
the whole problem. ; It proposes that the pe<5ple use.
horse meat. ; \ •¦:-.' •>.*;.¦> ¦¦¦¦','•;'¦
SINCE the rapid and unexpected rise'in" the price
of beef there have been many counselors ad
vising the American people how to bring the
price; down again, or how to live and wax fat despite
of it. Some assert that the increased price is due-,tb
an arbitrary act of the beef trust and they applaud
the- President, for trying to bust it. Others declare
the, real cause of the advance, is an excessive demand
for beef, and they recommend the wholesale adop-^
tion of a vegetarian diet. "There' are others who sug
gest use of different kinds of meat, and among them
are some who seem to be trying to revive; the Bel
gian hare craze, so insistently 'do they- urge the. value
of the flesh of ..that ..creature „ as a. .substitute, for
everything the ox can supply, from, an oxtail soup
to a bullshead breakfast.
ONE ON THE TRUST.
THURSDAY....'. .......MAY 15, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
liitttt All Comaudettieu to W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
""~"~~ TELEPHONE.
Ask" for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICES... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOSIS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
delivered fty Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including; Postage!
SAIX.T CALL, (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DA1LT CALL, llnclullns Sunday). S months S.OO
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). S months... 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *3o
6UNDAY CALL. One Tear i 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1-0°
All postmasters are authorised to recetT*
subscriptions.
ewnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall cubseribers in ordering change of address should be
particclar to rlvt both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to tnsur* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE . ..111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGKESS.
Kuirer Ttttlg* Advertising. Xargnetta Building. Chicago.
(Lena- Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX...... Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVB: "'* v
fcTEPHEX B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
XEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaldorf-Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray H1U Hotel. ' " '.¦ * >'¦
BRAXCn OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:20 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until » o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 8 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
¦ Superintendent Geary of the Philadelphia Hospital
for the Insane recently stated at a hearing of a spe
cial legislative committee that.60 per cent of his pa
tients are tainted with insane blood, and urged legis
lative action in the direction of a rigid marriage law
to prevent the marriage of persons affected ;in . that
way. Should such a law be enacted the Justices of
New Jersey would have a bonanza. in marrying Penn
sylvania couples. .>- ¦> ' ¦'¦ ,
The barks Andrew "Welch and Alden
Besse yesterday ended a remarkably close
race here from San Francisco. They left
the Golden Gate twenty-one days ago, the
, Alden Besse about two hours and a half
ahead of her rival. They arrived here In
just about the same relative positions as
to time, after twenty-one days of sailing.
The Welch" passed the other at one point
during their voyage, for she arrived off
the coast of Maui on the 3d, leading the
other vessel. Between Maul and Hono
| lulu, however, the positions changed and
j the vessel which left San Francisco two
J hours and a half ahead arrived at Hono
lulu two hours and a half ahead. .«*
. Dr. A. E. Nichols, a well-known den Mat
here, filed a petition in bankruptcy on the *
3d, showing personal debts of about $20,000
and no assets excepting a small amount
of personal property, which h© claims as
exempt from execution under a law
passed by the last Legislature. He was
declared a bankrupt to-day by Judge
Estee in acordance with his petition ana
j a referee was appointed to look after the
interests of the creditors, Over $5000 of
Dr. Nichols' debts are running account*
with local mercHanta.
Another inquiry has been received here
about tua-tua, the plant which has been
reported from Tahiti as a cure for leprosy,
and with which the Hawaiian Board of
Health is preparing to make experiments at
the leper settlements as soon as enough of
the plant shall have been grown. This
time the inquiry comes from a leper in
Brazil, who asks that some of the plant
be sent to him.
HONOLULU, May 7.— The fiftieth an
niversary of Hawaiian Lodge No. 21, Free
and Accepted Masons, was celebrated in
the Masonic Temple here on the night of
Monday, May 5. The rooms and hall -were
thronged with guests. _
The ceremonies were conducted by wor
shipful Master Frederick Whitney.
Seated with him on the dais were Judge
Morris M. Estee, past grand master of
the Grand Lodge of California; K. Oscar
White, master of Lodge Pacific, and Wal
lace R. Farrington, master of Lodge le
Progres. An interesting historical ad
dress of the Hawaiian Lodge was given
by Past Master John A. . Hassinger. who
began with a sketch of Honolulu in the
early days and concluded with conditions
of to-day and an account of recent Ma
sonic ceremonies.
The Republican Central Committee,
after a discussion that has lasted several
weeks, has finally adopted primary rules
for the coming election. The discussion
was oVer the adoption of a rule allowing
all persortfe who wish to enroll themselves
on the precinct clubs to cast a vote up Or
the time of the closing- of the "polls, and'
placing . restrictions, such as requiring a
pledge to support the Republican party,
as a prerequisite for voting. Those who
favor the former plan prevailed, largely
on acount of the last convention having
declared for such a plan. The general
system of rules adopted makes the pre
cinct clubs the unit of the party and con
fines voting in the primary elections to
those who are on the club rolls. The
home rulers are preparing to adopt a
similar system. ./; \
Special'Corresnondence of The Call.
In the latest report of testimony offered by the
Cuban free-traders, under the instigation of the War
Department, is the evidence of Mr. Kelly, "exten
sively interested in Cuban sugar-growing." He
swore that the Cuban sugar-growers would be the
beneficiaries of free trade, and that the refiners would
not gain anything from it. This, of course, is in
tended to relieve the issue of any incubus that "might
be caused by the interest of the sugar trust. But it
does not remove a .single offensive feature of the
fantastic proposition. It simply brings the issue;
again between the American and Cuban sugar
growers. , '
The American farmer pays American wages and
American taxes. He is paying now the cost of the
war which gave Cuba her independence and will go
on paying pensions on the same account for many
years to come. The benefit given to the Cuban
planters is taken out of the pocket of the American
farmer. But the Cuban .planter pays neither Ameri
can pensions and wages nor American taxes. He
<Joes not pay a dollar of the cost of making his isl
and independent. The only way to get anything
from him for all that was spent to make him free is
by putting a tariff on his sugar and tobacco. But
the Secretary of War and Economics says that we
are under obligations to the Cuban planters and 'they
are under none to us! If this view had been sug
gested before the Spanish war Weyler would still be
Captain General and the Secretary of War would
not "be dividing with him the horror of reconcentra
tion camps and the butchery of children.
As far as our domestic production of sugar con
cerns the farmers the Secretary of Agriculture should
be heard, for the taxpayers maintain his department
by a large expenditure for the purpose of having at
hand expert knowledge for the benefit of the tillers
of the soil. The past reports of the Secretary of
Agriculture show him "To be enthusiastic for beet
sugar as a conspicuous addition to our farm crops.
As a fiscal question the Secretary of the Treasury is
especially charged with expert functions in regard to
the tariff, which it is proposed to reduce or. abolish.
The committees of Congress in charge of the ques
tion have not called the Secretary of Agriculture nor
the Secretary of the Treasury. But the Secretary of
War seldom sees a day when he is too busy to favor
Congress with instructions upon a question that
does not belong to his department at all, and with an
immodesty that is mere than zeal invades the func
tions of two departments in a matter which is their
business and not his. k •
Suppose the case were reversed and the Secretary
of Agriculture were daily issuing orders to Congress
respecting things that belong to the War Depart
ment. There is openly expressed disgust and horror
at the military methods employed in the Philippines.
Suppose the Secretary of the Treasury should take
advantage of this feeling uttered by Senator Lodge
and Representative Sibley and other' Republicans
and proceed to instruct Congress to order the War
Department to reverse its policy, would not the Sec
retary of War demand the resignation of Wilson and
Shaw, or resign himself?
Everybody knows that that would be the result
of such a game of cross purposes and interference in
the Cabinet. Then why does not somebody resign
when Secretary Root daily goes outside of his duty
on anterrand that not only humiliates two other
members of the Cabinet but threatens the prosperity
of the country and the supremacy of the Republican
party?
The frequency and effrontery with which an im
proper thing is done may make it safer to do by
getting the people to accept persistence for pro-"
priety, but all the \ people cannot be fooled, and
those whqjcannot be will finally dictate the admoni
tion that will reach the responsible party ' who
needs it.
WE have had occasion to call attention to the
impolitic utterances indulged .in by the pro
moters of free trade with Cuba.' The De
partment of War and Economics, through Mr. Sec
retary ¦Root^ has ceaselessly urged free trade upon
the, Republican party:- It had been supposed that un
der the administrative organization of our Govern
ment such questions . belonged to other Cabinet
officers.
ABOUT SUGAR.
NEW YORK'S LATEST
IN BIG SKYSCRAPERS
they are now,; but they could, not find continuous
employment' at good wages, and the result was that
instead of increasing their deposits at the banks they
were in many instances compelled to draw upon the
savings of former years. *The lesson taught liy that
experience should not be forgotten. The men who
are making deposits iji the savings banks under the
beneficent influence of protection and sound money
should on election day deposit in the ballot-box
votes to maintain those policies.
HAWAII'S MASONS
HONOR FIFTIETH
ANNIVERSARY
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 15, l»02.
6
TWEITIEt H CEITORT COOK BOOKS
tSBS"ilWas»'S#fcwCB^<tfttaHBw^HB3W
A car-load of Coolc Books
has Just arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the bnslness office
of this paper. All Call »nl>-
, scrlbers are entitled to a copy
of this srreat Cook Book at
the premium price ol fifty
cents.
; An additional charge of SO
cents to pay expreitsagre win
be required from out of town
subscribers ordering by mall. ¦ "
Do Your Feet Ache
And burn, and make you tired all over? Allen's
Foct-Ease makea the shoes comfortable, resta
and cools the Teet and make3 walking easy. At
all druggists and shoe stores, 25c. Sample sent
Free. Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Hoy. N. Y.
The Northern Pacific Railway' Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lawiston
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATE1.ER.
G. A., 647 Market St., S.'F.
f? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
" i m ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townaend's.*
, ¦ m » —
Prunes stuffed with aprlcota. Townaend'a.*
Note 81 4th (front barber and grocery),
gen. eyeglasses, specs. 10c to 40c 9 to 5. •
Electricity has infringed on the sphere
of Indian coolie labor. It is made to work
the punkahs with much better. effect than
the coolies do or can. The question that
troubles the Indian Government is what
is to become of the natives, who are in-
capable of any other work.
Cull ¦nbaerlbers cont«mt>lftltnfr n changr* ol
(. ca 4A e Bce daring the lammer month* can hare
their paper f«r**-»rded l>r mall to tlicir uerr
addresses by notify tuff The Call Business Oftlce.
llits paper will also be on sale at nil summer
resorts and Is represented or a local ngent In
nil towns on the <*oa»t.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LE AYiSG TOIH FOB. THE SUMMER
STATEMENT Op CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of April, 1902.
April 1,... O1.KSO April 1C SH.070
April 2 OO.KOO April 17 50,570
April 3 .00,140 April 18 00,300
April 4 GO,2OO Apr.l 10 00,400
April 5 00,440 April 2O. ...... . .71,100
April O 70,050 April 21 50,750
April 7... ...... 00,110 April 22 50,400
April 8 00.530 April 23 5O,T4O
April O CO,2JH> April 24 OO,57O
April 1O 59.ONO April 25 O1,1OO
April 11 50,700 April 2O OO.OOO
April 12 00,050 April 27 .7U.7OO
April 13 7O.SOO April 2S 01,000
April 14 00,180 April 20 OO.43O
April 15 00,250 April 30. 61,370
Total • 1,855,710
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. S _„
CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO, i BS "
On this J2th day of May, l»02 personally appeared before
me, William T. Heee, a Notary Public in and for the city and--
county aforesaid, \v. ' J. Martin, who being sworn according
to law declares that he is the business manager of The San
Francisco Call, a dally newspaper published in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California, and that there
were printed and distributed during the month of April, 1902, ¦
one million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand seven hun-
dred and twi «1. 835.710) copies cf the said newspaper, which
number divided by thirty (the number of days of issue) gives
an average daily circulation of C1.S57 copies. .
63AL.. I • TV. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and ew&rn to before »me this 12lh day of May,
Notary Public In *nd for the City and County Of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels build-SOME OP THOSE CAST FOR PARTS
IN THE RENDITION OF "ESTHER,
THE BEAUTIFUL QUEEN/' •
STANFORD UNIVERSITY/ May 14.-In
accordance) with 'the ; custom 'established
in"- Stanford's? ; opening- 1 year,- to-day was
observed as memorial day as a tribute, to
Leland : Stanford'. Jr.; '.who:. was born, on
May : 14, • 186S.- -Exercises were 'held in the
university" chapel, to-night. .
Memorial Day at Stanford.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden/May 14.— The
Social Democratic party _ has decreed a
general ' strike in support ; of ; the suffrage
movement. -AH its: adherents throughout
Sweden will, stop work to-morrow, when
the debate on the suffr^ige bill commences
in the Rigsdag.. * >• .,..,, v ; .
The strike .will continue throughout the
debate and probably last' three days. It
will Involve most; of the, industries, only
such work being carried out , as Is essen
tial to the life ;, and health . of, the com
munity. The newspapers of several of the
cities will suspend publication during the
strike. ¦ '-•'¦¦¦ - ¦¦. :; : ¦ ¦ :¦. -. ¦.-¦-.-¦¦;¦ «¦-.
Even Newspapers Will .Not
¦ ' Be Published, . • ; :
Suffrage; Movement the Cause and.
SWEDISH DEMOCRATS ' . ;
ORDER A BIG STRIKE
On April 11 the cutter Rosa was wrecked
near Grampus Rock in the outer portion
of Pago Pago harbor. Light and variable
winds prevailed at the time and in making
a tack the vessel missed stays and drifted
on the reef. The owner of the wrecked
cutter laid an information I against - the
master for cutting away the ship. He was
tried in the High Court of Tutuila before
Captain W. W. Kimball. U. S. N.. and
Judge Gurr. A commission was appoint
ed, • consisting of officers of the ,\f:-> S. S.
Abarenda, to inquire into the cause of the
wreck. Upon the rep6rt of : the "commis
sion to the court the f. accused was dls-.
charged. .. :
TUTUILA,, Samoa, April 30.— A "United
States collier arrived in Pago Pago laden
with coal for. the naval station on April 26.
cial Procedure in a Par- Away
. , Samoan Town. .
Interesting Case Enlivens the Judi-
WRECK OF A CUTTER (
CAUSES LEGAL DISPUTE
3 A telegram, was received by Mr. anl
Mrs. Wheeler from Mr. and Mrs. Georgi
this morning : announcing their safe ar
rival 'in : Seattle... They are in ignorance
of . the : manner . in which , the name of
Georgi was used in an endeavor to obtain
money from his. father-in-law. "
; As a result of inquiry at the offices of
the -steamship company Wheeler ascer
tained that- his | daughter and son-in-law
had taken passage on a vessel -bound for
Seattle -on; Sunday morning and had. been
at sea- a day and a half .when his inquiry
was made. . • Wheeler went to the Win
chester HotelJ but could gain no informa
tion there, as to the identity of the person
who* sent the message asking for money.
Wheeler regrets that he did not place the
affair in the hands of the police of. San
Francisco and • forward the money from
this city. In order, that ¦; the culprit might
have been captured. .
On Sunday; evening Wheeler received a
telegram dated at San Francisco and pui
porting. to have been signed by Georgi
asking that the; sum of $30 be sent him at
once in care of the Winchester Hotel, and
explaining that he and his wife had failed
to catch , their boat, ; which sailed at an
early hour that: morning. \ Wheeler be
came suspicious of the genuineness of the
message, and after a consultation with
Sheriff Frank P. Grace he went to San
Francisco to make & personal investiga
tion:. . • :• . ¦ . ¦':
SANTA ROSA, May 14.— An unsuccess
ful attempt was made on Sunday evening
by some one in San Francisco to defraud
George 'W.' Wheeler, a merchant of this
city, by. means of a telegram. On Sunday
morning Wheeler's daughter and her hus
band, Ralph A: Georgi, departed from San
Francisco for Seattle. When they left this
city on Saturday afternoon they had suf
ficient money for. all. their needs and a
comfortable .balance. . ,'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fails to Defraud Mer
chant ( Wheeler of
Santa Rosa.
The naval appropriation bill occupied
the attention of the House throughout the
day, Dayton of West Virginia speaking
on the need of strengthening our naval
battle line, while Kitchen of North Caro
lina, Fitzgerald of New .York, Metcalf of
California and Maynard of. Virginia
strongly advocated the building of war
ships in Government navy yards. The de
bate took a wide range at times, Rhea of
Virginia speaking in criticism of the ad
ministration's Philippine policy. . .
Elliott of South Carolina presented the
advantages of the proposed Appalachian
forest reserve.
Rising to a question of personal privi
lege, Mahon of Pennsylvania Indignantly
denied statements contained in a circular
sent to members alleging that certain
contributions had been made to his cam
paign expenses.
bulk of the evidence upon the subject was
in support of the carriages.
For some time the Senate' had under
consideration the bill providing for, the
construction of a union railway station in
Washington. A vote upon the measure
will be taken to-morrow.
Purely Parliamentary,
However, and in the
Senate.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— During the
greater part of the Senate session to-day
the fortifications appropriation bill was
under consideration. Proctor of Vermont
offered an amendment providing that no
part of the appropriation made should be
used for procuring disappearing gun car
rlages. The amendment precipitated a de
bate, which continued for two hours and
had not been concluded when the measure
was laid aside for the day. -
Proctor led the fight against the disap
pearing carriages, declaring that they
never would be effective, and thatv in
actual war It would be shown that they
were a lamentable failure.
Perkins of California warmly defended
the War Department ln adopting the dis
appearing carriages, maintaining that the
Preceding the cantata, M. E. Griffith, of
well-known ability, -Trill .deliver a recita-
celebration of last year. Following Is^he
cast of characters for the cantata:
Esther, the Queen ..... ...Mrs." L. Carbonl
Ahasueras, the King James Bacigalupl
Hainan, the King's counselor and overseer ...
of the realm Francis Farry
Mordecai, a Jew Manuel Carrera
Zeresh Hainan's wife Sadie C. McGrath
Mordecal's sister Kathryn Mullln
Prophetess . : Mary de la Fontaine
A Median Princess ...Eva Fltzpatrick
A Terslan Princess Mary de la Fontaine
Scrlbo Alphonse Ruth
Beggar Edward Millar
High priest L. Carbonl
Herald Antolne Perelra
King's pnges, Queen's pages, Persians. Jews,
guards, etc. '
BATTLE BEGINS
OVER THE GUNS
evening for the benefit of the par
ish library. The cantata, "Esther, the
Beautiful Queen," will be presented and
more than ordinary interest attaches to
the production, as this will have been the
first time when ladles appeared in any en
tertainment held in the college hall.
"The Passion Play" of last' year was
written without feminine characters in>
the cast for this reason. The one exceD
tlon that might be noted was the appear
ance of Miss Laura Linville in vocal, num
bers on the occasion" of the golden jubilee
SANTA CLARA, May 14.— The young
people of St. Claire's parish will
give an entertainment in Santa
Clara College hall on Friday
WASHINGTON. May 14.— These confir
mations by the Senate are announced:
Alexander O. Brodie. to* be Governor of
Arizona; Montgomery Schuyler Jr of
New York, second secretary of the em
bassy at St. Petersburg, Russia; Crate
W. Wadsworth of New York, third secre
tary of the embassy at London; S G
Reynolds of Billings, Mont., agent for tha
Indiana of the Crow agency. In Montana.
the estate of one Waterson was in the
hands of Public Administrator Boland I
presented my bill." The physician prom
ised to return the money within a few
days, but failed to do so, hence the
search now being made for him by Lick.
Confirmed by the Senate.
CONFIDENCE MAN
LOSES A VICTIM
tlon, Paul McGeoghegan, who has a sweet
soprano voice, will sing "Fiddle and I,"
Miss Eulalia Ruth of Notre Dame Acad
emy will recite "How He Saved St. Mich
ael's" and Miss Irene Campbell of San
Jose will contribute a violin solo, accom
panied by Miss Maud Campbell. The
Santa Clara College Orchestra will accom
pany the singers in the cantata and the
Sodality Club Band will give selections
during the evening.
Those who will participate in the can
tata areas follows:
Scpranos — Mrs. L. Carbonl, Misses Lllllo
Ruth, Hannah Ruth. Mary de la Fontaine. Kate
MulHn. Mary Nuttman. Viola Salbergr. Llllle
ritzpatrick. Dorothy Cronln. Helena Scanlan,
Eulalia Kuth.
AHos — Miss Eva Fltzpatrick. Rose Ruth. Sa
die McGrath. Margaret McGrath. Hannah Nutt
rr.an. Rose Ellson, Mary Galvin.
Tenors — Messrs. M. Carrera. A. Pereira, M.
Perelra A. Ruth, J. Koehle. J. Bacigalupi, O:
de la Guarda, E. Ellson. F. Aqulslapace, M.
Grirez A. Grlsez. F. de la Fontaine.
Bassos — L. Carboni. F. Farry. J. Martinelll,
E Miller, J. Salberg, Thomas Sweeney.
The company Is subsidized by the Span
ish Government, and. In view of. the pres
ent condition of the treasury, it would
gladly cancel the arrangement. Indeed,
the question of its cancellation haa al
ready been warmly debated ln the Cham
ber of Deputies, but the subsidy was- fin
ally continued, owing to patriotic motives.
The same argument, perhaps, may im
pede the reported negotiations of Morgan,
as the sentiment that still exists hero
against the United States may be an Im
portant factor in the matter.
Officials of the Trans-Atlantic Company,
however. Informed a correspondent that
while they have not yet received pro
posals on the subject, they would not re
ject the Idea of discussing the matter If
Morgan comes:
MADRID, May 14.— It is reported hers
that J. Pierpont Morgan Is coming to
Spain in order to negotiate for the entry
of the Spanish Trans-Atlantic Company
Into the Atlantic shipping combine.
"I treated a man named Waterson,"
said Estes to Lick, "and when I saw that
Lick became very much worried over
his investment when he read in The Call
of Waterson's reappearance and immed
iately started looking for Estes. The doc
tor told him that he sold him the claim
in good faith, believing that he was re
ally entitled to $350, particularly as the
claim was approved by Public Adminis
trator Boland.
The strange part of the affair is that
Waterson. says he never received any
medical treatment from Estes, though
the physician's bill shows that he treat
ed Waterson for four months for nervous
prostration. Estes sat up with Waterson
at least half a dozen nights, he states in
his bill, and charged for those services
at the rate of $25 per night. He also
made .him several visits at $5 per visit.
Estes also renders a bill for quantities
of chloride of potash and' chloral hydrate,
which he claims he furnished Waterson.
E. "W. Lick, who keeps a piano store
at 116 McAllister street, and also lends
money, is searching assiduously for Dr.
Melville B. Estes of 209 Eddy
street, ) who sold him a claim
for $350 against the estate of 'William
Waterson. Waterson is the cobbler who
was reported dead, and the claim Estes
held against his estate was for medical
services. The claim, which was for 5330,
was approved by the Public Administra
tor and would have been worth more
than the sum Lick paid for It had it (not
been discovered that Waterson was ln
the land of the living. The remains
found in the bay had been erroneously
identified as those of the cobbler and
buried under his name.
MORGAN'S HAND
REACHES SPAIN
LICK INVESTS
IN POOR CLAIM
ST. CLAIRE'S YOUNG PARISHIONERS
TO RENDER CANTATA OF "ESTHER"
GIVES PRAISE
TO THE MARTYR
Roosevelt Lauds McKin
ley at a Cornerstone
Laying.
Melodious Recital,of the Story of the Beautiful Queen, Programmed for. Fri
day Evening, Will Mark First-Appearance of the Fair Sex as Principals
in an/Entertainjnent^.6iven.. ih-Jhe v Hall.^of.:SantV_ b Clara .College
Impressive Ceremony Held
at Site of Memorial
College'
WASHINGTON, May U.-In the pres
ence of a large audience President Roose
velt to-day laid the cornerstone of the
McKinley Memorial Ohio College of Gov
ernment of the American University; lo
cated a few miles outside of this city in
the northwestern part of the District of
Columbia. When completed the building
will be devoted to studies embracing dip-,
loxnncy, municipal government, arbitra
tion, civics and international law.
On the platform besides the President
were Secretary of Agriculture Wilson,
Secretary' Hay, Senators Hanna and Dol
liver, Bishop Willard F. Mallalleu of
Massachusetts and many men prominent
in educational and church work.
Senator Dolliver. of Iowa spoke briefly
of the life and character of the late Presi
dent McKinley and said that it was fit
ting that his name should be connected
witn a school of public science. Senator
Hanna, wnose voice trembled with emo
tion, said in part:
"That cornerstone has beneath it a ;
foundation more enduring than granite.
It is immortality, and that was the~ foun
dation of McKlnley's life. Upon this sub- j
ject I cannot sneak as 1 would, my
friends. The memories which come to me j
on an occasion like this are too painful j
to dwell on. Our beloved President is i
here to-day in spirit and if that sacrifice
were needed that we might search our
hearts to learn /ivherein we could do
higher and nobler deeds— if that example j
were necessary to inspire the young men
of this country to broader and more lib
oral and higher motives of social and gov- !
ernmental life, then indeed: 'His will, not
ours, be done.' "
The speechmaking closed with a brief
address by President Roosevelt, who said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen— I am to say but
a. word. Nothing more may be said than
has been said already by those who have
addressed you this afternoon — the states
men who worked with McKinley and the
pastor under whose ministrations he sat.
It is indeed appropriate that the Method
ists of America— the men belonging to
that religious organization- which fur
nished the pioneers in carving out of the
West what is now the heart of the great
American republic — should found this
great university in the city of Washing
ton and should build the college that is to
teach the science of government in the
name of the great exponent of good and
strong government, who died last fall:
who died as truly for this country as
Abraham Lincoln himself. I thank you
for having given me the opportunity this
afternoon to come before you and lay
the cornerstone of this building."
The President then, with a trowel in
hand, threw in the mortar and the stone
was lowered into position. At some later
date it will be raised sufficiently high to
permit the placing of a number of relics
in th~^inc box within. The doxology was
sung at the President's request and the
services closed with a benediction.
Legation Position for Coolidg-e.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— John Gardner
Coolldge of Massachusetts has been se
lected for appointment as first secretary
of legation . at Peking, . succeeding
Squiers, who is to be United States Min
ister to Cuba. , Coolidge is a great-grand
son of Thomas Jefferson, being a 'grand
son of Mrs. Randolph, Jefferson's daugh-,
ter, and soir of "Thomas Jefferson Coolidge
of Boston. He was Vice Consul of the
United States at Pretoria v.hen Adelbert
S. Hay filled the office of Consul.
¦.•..¦.....¦...<¦•>•-........•¦¦¦ ¦-.¦
THE SA^ FEA^CISCO CALL, THTJRSDAY, MAY 15, 1902.
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BINGWORM AND DANDRUFF.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestifer-
ous Germ.
Ringworm' 'and dandruff are somewhat
similar in their origin; each is caused by
a . parasite. The germ that i causes dan-
druff digs to the root of the hair and, saps
its vitality, causing falling hair and^flnal-
ly . baldness. Without dandruff there
would never be baldness,' and to' cure dan-
druff it Is necessary to kill the . germ.
There has -been > no hair preparation that
would do this until the discovery of New-
fcro's Herpicide, which positively kills the
dandruff germ, allays itching .instantly
and makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
At all druggists. Take no substitutes!
There is nothing "just as good."
This signature is on every box of the gennlnf
Laxative Bromo-Quinine TabW
tb j remedy that cores a cold la ono day.
How to buy furniture
and carpets
l/Sr I Lll CJ __I L I tlO C 1 */
money
o — j . , ]_
I We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest — six per cent And you can pay tjs
.backUittle by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the ..first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you . ten per cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit
All you pay us is six per cent 7^
For example: If your purchases amount to $100.00
we will charge you $io6.oo— which is a six per cent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
. and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6145 per
You save four per cent You have the frxeat privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the "installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think?
Gould, Sullivan S Co.,
(BEM0VED TO)
Room 1403 "Call" Building,
TcL John 2336. „ Corner Market and Third Sts.
___^ ' AJVEBTISEMENTS. \P?3&i
> 818-820 AVARKET 5T, 5AK FRANQSQa \
| SPECIAL SALES OF |
: VAST IMPORTANCE |
I A Glance at the Following Will Carro ©
I Conviction. f |
j WOMEN'S HOSIERY. MEN'S GOODS. 8
> Fine Black Usle Open-work Hose Fine Embroidered and Fancy Striped O
» _••• „••:;•••• ••••* HP 0 Hose, reinforced heel and toe, reg- m
( Cotton Polkadot Hose, were 2oc, ular price 25c j our price this Jk
, now 10c week 15 C •
I ¥ A T\TT5«» DKI TC Men's Fancy Golf Shirts, toest work- •
LAU1E5 DELI J. rnanshlp, beautiful patterns, were ®
, Stitched Silk Moire Belts, steel stud- iu?'.., noW n V," "i; _«.....«.65e •
ded, worth 75c. now at 49c 1 ' 1111 / 1 ?, Hemstitched Hand- •
Plaited Silk and Satin Belts, hand- rc^ 5.'™ if? 1 " , la , ul J drled ' regular 9
> some front and back buckles, 25c ' b1^ value a t 2 for 25c «
! h .^v.!°?.. a ?. d .&9c?4 s 9V59c A NEW _0AP, "LEM0LA." f
! JEWELRY BARGAINS, A s£ST-Sfde l SS-i ff jiuSTSiSa |
• An Alarm Clock that never sold for' ons - 3 cakes ln a box 25c 0
• less than 75c; our price for Thurs- . DTD1\ f A /*~JC A
I day and .Friday 50c DlKU LAUEj. Jf
l Chain and Beaded Chatelaines and HENDRTX BRASS. 2*
> Purses, 100 styles to select from; 11^x9. cut from 83c to 65e S
, prices for this week from 12%x9^4, cut from Jl 00 to ....85c S
» «;;v;"-;, ...........25c to $1O 13x9%, cut from $125 to Sl.OO X
' Belt Buckles, all styles and shapes, 12x1-1, cut from $3 25 to SiVk ©
• that were $1, $150 and $2, this PAINTED CAGES " * «*»*•••» q
i _week .................. 50c 9%xl4, cut from 73c to ,.6Oc •
i Regular 25c Sterling Silver Novelties, 10x15, cut from SI 00 to .. 75e A
i each 12%c 12x16, cut from Jl 35 to '.$1.00 X
i - 1 ' - ~
I BOOKS. BOOKS. I
i Cook Books by Fillippini, "25 Tears with Delmonico" ....' . I5 e S
i Woman's Exchange Cook Book, oil cloth bound, 528 pgs, cut from'$i"to"5»c a
1 Pocket edition Unique Encyclopedia, worth its weight in gold, this week 5c 2
, Kipling's Books, cloth bound, 18 different volumes, cut from 35c to 10c S
> 2
GO-CARTS AND BABY CARRIAGES. I
, Our new line of 1902 models now in and ready W Inspection. «
, Beach Carts $2.00: same with rubber tires S2 7«i 2
Enameled Gear.. S3. 50 to $10.00; Reclining $5 75 to slt'oo •
I Baby Carriages, hood top .., ..?. .is.50 to HsiOO •
Ovr Leader Carriage, With Bubba* Tires. .....*. %9JS0 $
oo©©«oooooo«©0ooo»©ooo©oooo©©oo©eooooooooaa2
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
•X)F COURSE. MY BOY. YOU'RE RIGHT."
A GREAT SHOW IS
THE
SINGING GIRL
TO-NIGHT. MAY 15— MACHINISTS* NIGHT.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
t ,
• •..TO-NIGHT ALL THIS
• ••• m. vr iMVllt 1 , WEEK ••••
bargain t#-^ r^axy-
MATINEE * V_>-O/\ IT,
25c AND 50c
USUAL BIG HOUSES— Charming Performance
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Company— Presenting Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama,
ARISTOCRACY
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
25c. 35e. 5Oc. 75c.
___, Next— Sunday, May 17,
THE NEILL COMPANY will present Augustln
Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
m SEATS THURSDAY.
Powell eL. near Market.
EVERY NIGHT THIS AND NEXT "WEEK!
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES j'ROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And Hit. Company,
In HIS GREATEST SUCCESS.
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
Ey Eebtrt Xmh&II. mthor of "A Ecyil Family."
Seats for Next Week Now Ready.
pmppc Evenings. $2, $1 50. $1. »5c, 50c. 25c
1 IUVIO Matinees, $1 &0, $!. 75c. 60c. 25c.
VAUDEVILLE NECTAR!
Xew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Mlh.
Chester's Statue Dog; Kelly and i
Kent, and The Biograph. Last '
times of Julia Heinrich; Raymond ;
and Caverly; Hilda Thomas and
Company, and the Florenz Troup?.
Preserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY NIGHT— THE BIGGEST HIT YET.
America's Greatest Author- Actor .
EDU/ARD HARRIGAIV
In Mr. Harrlsan's Clever Comedy,
"Reiily and the 400."
One of the Funniest Plays Ever Wrlttenl
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
Next Week— "W'ADDY GOOGAN."
FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Faxrell. bet. Stockton and Powell atm.
Telephone Main 231.
Come j Ticket
To Our I Office
ANY NIGHT YOU CHOOSE.
SEE THE "STANDING ROOM ONLY"
Sigrn displayed at every performance.
Yet, only 76,800 people out of this city's
850,000 have seen the gTeat burlesque.
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
But Tiiey Will All Come.
KOLB. DILL. BERNARD, AMBER. BLAKE
HERMSEN. COLEMAN. HOPE. EMERSON"!
and our delicious chorus compel admiration
and attendance.
&JELASCO AMottALES*fjff{g£
' 4 * r " MfEZt CfZY tUUt
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Greatest Melodrama of the Century,
THE WORLD.
"With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Spec-
tacular Effects Unsurpassed.
Next Friday Evening — Testimonial Benefit to
ANNETTE MARSHALL.
Seats on Sale.
PDITPC Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 5Oe
JG1CLJ Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
First appearance here of MISS FANNY
McINTYRE. -,
LABT FOUR NIGHTS.
THE FUICNTEST SHOW OF THE SEASON!
W«5^ MATINEE
THE /^V^JT \
I Vj/fl 1 SATURDAY
FARCE I /^Hf* I
COMEDY. V^ .SOl
Wyf/ SUNDAT
PRICES— Evenings. 15c. 25c. 35c, BOe. 73c,
Matinees, 15c, 25c. 35c and M»c. All Reserved.
Monday— "THE BRIXTON BURGLARY."
THE CHUTES
Pulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVER Y~ AFTERNOON* AJfD
EVENING.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BBAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE!
LADIES' HURDLE SACK, RACE!
To-morrow, NATIVE DAUGHTERS' NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
B/\S1B_3/\LL-.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. iL
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCIS0O~vs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK.
Eiirhth and Harrison Bts.
Advance Sale of Seats, & Stockton et.
Wfl&Uy Gall $1.00 perYi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M CELEBRATED *Hj
l_fc |,STOM ACH gm
-This medicine will purify the
blooJ, restore the appetite, make
the liver active, and posi:i\eiy
cure Flatulency, Belching, Headache,
Indigestion, Dyspepsia and Consti-
pation. Try a bottle and be con-
vinced.
THE TOWN CRIER
Couldn't, make an announcement that
would please the public better than when
we tell them that their laundry work will
be done to ; perfection and the United
States J^aundry can't be* competed with
anywhere in the country for the perfec-
j tlon'of its work.^ We defy competition ln
this line, because if there was any better
methods we would have them at once.
Try the _____
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave,
Do I O n fk Desirable location,
1 til Civ w unsurpassed cuisine,
u n'tqu aled scr-
/Ifln v * ce ' an( * modern
iBlIU conyeriicnces are the .
-, >1" ¦ attributes that have: .
Bimnn made these two ho- ¦
UlCtliU tels popular with
__' .j tourists and ytravel-
FiArPIC ers who visit San'
llUlWld Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces andjooking,
There Is no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered In »ny ' Quantity.; Country ord»r»
kollclted. 1\ A. UcUONAI.P. 813 i'olao— »fc j•WELL-KNOWN CHARITABLE WOMEN WHO GIVE TIME: AND HONEY
TOWARD I THE ADVANCEMENT OF CHRISTIANITY ON THE FRON
TIER, AT HOME AND IN FAR-OFF FORIBGN LANDS. V 7."
- A benefit entertainment will be tendered
to-night to Joseph Walls, a pioneer resi
dent of Hayes Valley, at Mowry's Hall,
Grove and Laguna streets. A splendid
musical programme has been arranged
and some of the best local taient will ap
pear. Those n charge of the affair have
been faithfully working for .its succes3
and have spared no efforts to make a
grand showing.
Benefit for Aged Pioneer.
George L. Bender of Bender Bros., lum
ber men, was arrested yesterday on a
warrant charging him . with obstructing
the street. - He was immediately released
on bail. The complainlpg witness is Vv.
H. Griffin of the Board of Public Works
and he alleges that the firm has been ob
structing the street at the foot of Third
with piles of cordwood. The case will be
made a test one.
To Be Made a Test Case.
. Hartmeyer grabbed hold of the two
men and compelled them to accompany
him to the Hall of Justice. He explained
to Lieutenant Martin why he had them
'in. custody and Policeman Dougherty was
.instructed to take them to the prison, where
they: were booked on a 1 charge of grand
larceny. They gave their names as Fred
Ross and Charles W. Ryan and said they
both came from Ohio. Detective Bain
bridge recognized Ross as one of the sus
picious characters who were gathered in
during the late President McKinley's visit
to this city. It is supposed he came here
then from the East. Nothing is known
about Ryan.
There was a crowd in front of a saloon
on Market street, . between Third arid
Fourth, yesterday afternoon looking at
the bears in the window, when G. W.
Hartmeyer, who says he is a former de
tective from Chicago, thought he would
play the "sleuth." He mixed among the
crowd and in a few minutes felt a hand in
his hip pocket, where he kept a purse con
taining stami^s and cards. He waited pa
tiently till the hand was withdrawn. Then
he turned swiftly confronting two young
men, one of whom dropped the purse to
the sidewalk.
His Pocket.
Two Young Men for Picking
G. W. Hartmeyer of Chicago Arrests
SUCCESSFULLY PLAYS "
f SLEUTH IN A CEOWD
The greatest need in the Polytechnic School
i£" the readjustment of the chemical labora
tory. Additional land should ,be sacured for
the accommodation of the SouthVKnd School or
else a site secured three blocks away.
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
M. A. Kyan, Mrs. A. Holden, Miss M. C.
Sutherland, Miss Jennie Culien, Mios
Lydia Hart and J. P. Baloun.
¦That a. new building be provided as soon as
possible for the ¦ Commercial School: Sixty
pupils have left the school to take positions on
the principal's recommendations. ¦
That three additional rooms be constructed
iu the Hamilton School. ¦
,. That the Jefferson School be provided with
new sheds and bulkhead and the rooms re
tinted. . - , . . . - .
That new blackboards *,be provided in the
Si>rln;r Valley School. *
Schools should be provided with suitable
maps, proper shades and the grammar schools
with dictions ries and Haws.
Superintendent Webster filed his month
ly report on. the inspection of several
schools and made the following recom
mendations: • ¦
The recommendations of the Board of
Examination that certificates be granted
to -a number of. teachers whose names
were published . In Tuesday's Call were
adopted. - , <-.
The resignation of Miss, A. Nelson as,
teacher in- the Haight School was ac
cepted. -¦ : ¦-> •¦-¦..
The Board of Education adopted a reso
lution yesterday in which it finds that the
charges of inability : to maintain .proper
discipline at the Polytechnic High School
made . against William Zimmerman, a
teacher in that school, were fully sus
tained . at an investigation. Zimmerman
was relieved from further duty at the
Polytechnic School, but will continue as
German teacher in the Girls' High School.
He will suffer a monthly reduction of $40
in salary by the. board's action. The
cnarges were preferred by W. N. Bush,
principal of the Polytechnic School.
Residents and property owners of Sun
nyside petitioned the board to find a more
central location for a school in that dis
trict than bloclc'ia, and requested that the
site be somewhere near the old power
house. A .committee ; of • three waited on
the board after adjournment and' urged
action on the petition, which was taken
under advisement. •
Webster Calls Attention to
a Number of Needed
improvements.
Board of Education De
cides Case Against
Zimmerman.
Woman's Home Missionary Society Shows a Solid Foundation and Vitality,
and Its Untiring Efforts in Educating and Training .Chinese Children
Are Ma.de Apparent by an Exhibition Given by Juvenile: Mongolians
PEOPLE INTERESTED IN GOSPEL WORK
GATHER TO HELP THE CAUSE ALONG
FURNISH LAVISH
ENTERTAINMENT
Ladies of Sacred Heart
Parish Give a Ket
tledrum.
Success of tlie Affair Is Much
Greater Ttan Was
Expacted.
Toe ladies of Sacred Heart parish enter
tained nearly 2000 guests last night at
their kettledrum party in the old Sutro
house on Hayes street, near Flllmore.
The affair was successiul in every par
ticular, much more so, in fact, than had
been anticipated.
The house was elaborately decorated
with bunting and flowers. Refreshments",
which called forth much praise for the
culinary abilities of the ladies of the par
ish, were provided In lavish abundance. A
pleasing musical programme furnished en
tertainment throughout almost the whole
of the evening. The committee In charge
did everything possible to make the occa
sion a very agreeable one. Aside from
the mogrammed features of the affair,
Uie quests were afforded the opportunity
to tnjoy themselves informally in con
versation and parlor games. The even
ing closed with a dance.
Tlie proceeds from the party will be
used in defraying the expenses of mov
ing the building and fitting it up for a
parochial school. It was stated last night
by those in charge that more than the
amount desired to accomplish the in
tended purpose was raised.
The musical programme consisted of a
vocal soio by Robert Lloyd, piano solo
by Miss Alice Devine, vocal solo by Mrs.
John Madden, violin solo by Miss Rose
Lane, vocal solo by Miss Grace.de For
rest, humorous specialties by William J.
Hyies. vocal duet by Mrs. L. P. River
arid Miss Gertrude Hopkins, cornet solo
by Dr. Edward Beach, vocal solo by Mrs.
JSdward Burns and> vocal solo by William
O'Brien. Every number on the- pro
gramme received an emphatic encore.
Father Hugh Lagan, pastor of the par
ish, abiy assisted by Mrs. John Mahony,
Mrs. Daniel Sullivan and Mrs. Kate Sup
ple, had the general oversight of the ar
rangements and the conduct of the party.
To ihem and to the members of the fol
lowing named committees is due the credit
for the astonishing success of the affair.
Music — Mrs. J. J. Donnelly, Miss Kate Sup
ple, Mrs. Gerald Fitzgibbon. Mrs. J. Mahony,
Mrs. D. Sullivan, Miss Gertie Hopkins, Mrs.
J. Rivers and Mrs. P. McCormack.
Floor— Ignatius D. Dwyer, director; F. J.
Mon&han. F. A. McCarthy, G. A. Sullivan, J.
E. McCormick, L. I. Boland, James Welch,
Charles Keenan, John Dowling, H. *J. Mahony,
W. I. Sullivan and Frank Lawlor. ¦ ¦ '
Refreshments — Mrs. M. Palmer, Mrs. M.
Murphy, Mrs. J. Dunlevy, Mrs. D. Leary.
Mrs. j. Fitzhenry, Mrs. L. Deitmar, Mrs.
Butler, Mrs. Nowlan. Mrs. J. C. O'Connor,
Mrs. M. Klink, Mrs. M. Rollins, Mrs. P. Mc-
Cormack. Mrs. Feehan, Mrs. J. Fleming, Mrs.
La Comle. Mrs. Gilmore, Mrs. Supple and
Mrs. Deering.
Gentlemen's refreshments — F. Deering, T.
ICowlan, IL Meehan. T. Fallon. I. Dwyer, T.
Brennan, J. C. O'Connor, F. Monaghan, Cap
tain McCarty, J. McCarty. D. Supple, W. Kee
na.n, R. Lawlor. J.' Costello. J. Fleming-. J.
Ward. G. Sullivan and Ccptain Fitzpatrick.
Deccraticn — Mrs. J. Walsh, Mrs. G. Fitzgib
bon. Mrs. K. Stafford. Mrs. J. Corbett, Mrs.
J. Duffy Miss M. Feehan, Miss M. Finn, Mrs.
J. Fleming. Miss K. RollinB. Mrs. P. McCor
mack. Miss N. Ambrose. Miss K. Supple, Mrs.
J. Wallenslander, Miss L. Dyer, Mrs. Webster,
Miss C. Lawlor, Mrs. D. Sullivan. Miss T.
Ltyme. Mrs. J. Mahoney, Miss M. Rajan and
Miss M. Biagley.
Reception — Misses M. Rag-an, L. Fitzslm
tnor.s, K. Lynch. M. Fitzgribbon. G. Bohan, A.
Kallon. V. Winters, M. Maloney, M. Dundon,
N. Hubert. M. Gallagher, M. Rirer, J. Mc-
Carty. C. Leary. A. Murphy, K. Arnold, M.
Feehar.. M. Supple. A. Fitzpatrick, K. Dalton,
N. Manyan. N. Mahoriey. K. Allen. K. Sup
ple, K. DuntJon, N. Ambrose. T. Byrne and
Mrs. J. Mahoney.
?OIIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
WILL BUILD A HOME
Sequoia Lodge Takes the Initiative
to Provide for Incapacitated
Members.
Sequoia Lodge No. 1SS, Knights of
Pythias, at its regular meeting held last
Tuesday evening took the initiative in
putting in tangible shape a movement to
build a home for the members of the or
der who can no longer continue in the
struggle for life or who are incapacitated
by sickness or age from following their
I'.sual vocations. It was considered an
cfportune time to engage In an active
campaign for this important movement
on account of the convening in this city
en next Monday evening of the Grand
Lodge of the domain of California, with
Us 4J0 delegates representing 200 active
lodges and over 13.000 members.
The home is to be a refuge for all en
titled to its benefits within the States of
California; 'Washington. Oregon, Idaho,
I2Ceyada. Utah and Montana, and an insti
tution that will be a monument and an
henor to. the grand principles of frater
nity and benevolence which this order ex
emplifies.
The members present subscribed the
sum of $1000 as a nucleus for this fund,
and the chancellor commander. Dr. R. E.
lJur.ktr, in addition to a money subscrip
tion, announced that he would donate a
s;ite situated in one of the ideal spots of
California, in Alameda County, near the
tewn of San Leandro, the site to consist
of as much land as may be necessary to
bu!!d a home worthy of the order.
A committee consisting of Gustave
Pohlrr.ann, W. J. Smith, I. Schwartz, Er
i:c-st Duden, H. "W. Levy, Frank Stohr
and Dr. R. E. Bunker was appointed to
tr.ke the necessary steps for the prelim
inary work of organizing and outlining a
ir.cde of procedure for obtaining the co
operation of the lodges and members of
the order west of the Rockies. This com
mittee will meet Saturday evening and
prepare a plan of action.
The lodges of this jurisdiction have been
raying a per capita tax for a number of
years and have accumulated $8000 in a
fund for this purpose, and at the session
of the Grand Lodge to be held next week
no doubt this fund will be combined with
the fund now being raised.
Sequcia Lodge is preparing to Initiate
Mi,yor Schmitz and Chief of Police Wltt
rcan. The candidates will be Initiated In
the page and esquire rank at the next
meeting of the lodge. The knights' rank
will be exemplified in amplified form on
1-iiday evening, followed by the evolu
tions of the drilled teams of Unity, Ivan
. hoe and Bay City lodges of San Francisco
End Dirigo Lodge of Oakland.
Three suits were begun In the Justices'
Court yesterday by Jules C. Gamage
against Charles Green and Silas Green,
saloon proprietors at 15 Powell street. The
eults were brought for $114, $85 and $175
for services rendered by the help. D. A.
Curtin also commenced suit against' the
firm for. $118 76 for goods furnished by
Eacigalupi, Rossi & Co.
Green Brothers Must Pay Debts.
THE fourteenth annual meeting of
the San Francisco District Asso
ciation of the Woman's Home Mis
sion Society of the California Con-
ferer.ee took place yesterday at
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, Capp
and Twentr-first streets.'
The morning session opened with prayer
delivered by Miss Cedora Cheney.
Words of welcome were cordially ex
tended the delegates by Mrs. Jennie C.
"Winston. She said that the district was
especially distinguished for its officials,
yet, while they appreciated their strength
and influence, they looked for a time
when women of leisure would assist in the
good work. The speaker drew a compari
son between the merchants who visited
the San Joaquin Valley recently with the
object of promoting a stronger business
relationship, and said that their "district"'
was called upon in the same way— to ex
tend its Influence as a promoter of the
Home Missionary Society. More auxil
iaries meant more money for Christianiz
ing the heathen and assisting in the
spread of charity.
Mrs. C. B. Perkins, recording secretary,
reported her work during the year.
Mrs. M. A. Lakin, corresponding secre
tary, wished it was possible to receive
quarterly reports from all auxiliaries. One
soldier, she said, could do iittle in battle.
It needed the whole force to do effective
work, and she besought strong and unani
mous exertion on the part of the auxil
iaries.
Miss Elizabeth Crummie. treasurer, re
ported that the society was free from
debt and the finances of the organization
were batisfactory. though there were sev
eral auxiliaries yet to be heard from. The
leport was received with applause.
Reports were made, all showing that the
greatest energy Is being displayed in the
1 espective departments. Mrs. C. G. , Da
vi« presented her report - on "Juvenile
Work"; Mrs. H. E. Milnes on "Mite
Boxes"; Mrs. William O. Discho. "Lit
erature"; Mrs. William Abbott, "Publica
tions," and Miss Mary E. Robertson,
"Systematic Giving." •":.-; ,¦•
YOUTH TAUGHT INDUSTRY.
In connection with the report on Juvenile
work the president pointed out the advan
tages of the "Mothers' Jewels" work and
sought a contribution of 10 cents a year
from each child, which went toward the
support of the home where many of the
children were , orphans. Each child, said
Mrs. Winston, was indulged In his or her
preference as to work. If a boy of the
"Mothers' Jewels Home" -shows an in
clination to follow farming as a living he
Is trained In that direction, and the whole
FINDS CHARGES
ARE SUSTAINED
THE SAN FBANGISCO GALL, THURSDAY^^ MAY -15, 1902
; Joseph I. Dimond has been '¦' appointed
receiver for the Richelieu saloon pend
ing thfe result of the trial of. a suit for an
"accounting commenced yesterday '.. against
Charles Newman by Herbert ¦• Choynski,
a lawyer. Choynski claims to be a part
ner of Newman's and alleges that the lat
ter has converted the profits of the saloon
to liis'own use.' ' .
Choynski ' Claim's Half -Interest.
The consideration of » ; the -question of new
school houses win be taken up at a mass meet
ing to be held at Metropolitan .Temple.- ,
Resolved, That the secretary and general su
perintendent be and Is hereby instructed to nle
this resolution with the Board of Supervisors
in the name of this association. • , -
Resolved, That we most earnestly petition the
honorable Board of , Supervisors to levjs. a -spe
cial hospital. tax of 7% cents outside of the dol
lar limit on each- $100 of property valuation
in the next i fiscal year, this amount to be de
voted to the erection as speedily as possible of
a new City - and • County ¦ Hospital for the care
of -the city's needy sick.
Whereas, The cost of a new hospital cannot
be provided, for out of: the proceeds of taxa
tion levied under the dollar limit; and ¦'
Whereas, The charter provides for a special
taxation to meet emergencies; be it ,;,-;
1 Resolved, That we believe that such ah emer
gency exists. . " •¦- >rv -*-
"Whereas, There Is a pressing need for a new
City and County. Hospital to take the. place of
the present inadequate and unsanitary institu
tion, which Is a crying shame and a disgrace
of the citizens of San Francisco; and ' .
At a meeting of the board: of directors
of the San Francisco Retail Merchants'
Association held at 606 Montgomery street
yesterday, President F. ,T. Knoles presid
ing, a resolution favoring the levy of: a
special hospital tax of 7^ cents on each
$100 valuation outside of the dollar limit
was introduced by Director John Bar
duhn and adopted. It Is as follows: ,t V>
APPROVES EXTBA LEVY f'-v.'i
FOR BTJLLDING HOSPITAL
President, Mr?. F. D. Bovard, San Francisco;
vice president, Mrs. E. D. McCreary, Santa
Cruz; recording secretary, Mrs. F. C. Evaii3,
San Francisco; corresponding secretary, '. Mrs.
M. A. Lakln, Palo Alto; treasurer. Miss Eliza
beth Crummie, Los Gatos; secretaries : of bu
reaus, publications, Mrs. William Abbott. San
Francisco; mite boxes, Mrs. 1 H. ! E. Milnes,
Santa Clara p systematic giving. Miss. Mary E.
Robertson, Mayfleld; mothers' jewels/Mrs G
M. Barrett, San Francisco; literature, Mrs.
William O. Dlscho, San Francisco; supplies,
Mrs. John Coyle, Alameda; Oriental work,. Mrs
L. .P. Williams, San Francisco;' deaconess
work, Mrs. W. C. Baker. Srin, Francisco;. In
dian work, Mrs. S. F. Harrison, San Fran-
Dr. W. W. Case, presiding elder of San
Francisco district,' said he was impressed
with the work of the wCmen, young wo
men especially, in the missionary work,
and regretted so few young women could
glve : an intelligent account of the mis
sionary fields, our misslonaries^and their
work. . It was , the world's salvation. He
hoped that the assemblage would help
him to bring men to the front.
Deaconess • Gray spoke on Japanese
work, and in course of her remirks re
gretted that the same amount of laber
was not given in the direction of edu
cating Japanese children of the city as
was bestowed upon Chinese children. Two
missionaries had told her that -Japanese
and' American men were trafficking in
Chinese women, and the society was do
ing great work in the matter of rescu
ing the slaves. The deaconess deplored
that any such condition should exist. •
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year:
WOMAN'S WORK GOOD.
The deaconess* hour was conducted by
Mrs. L. J. Sims, and proved to be one
of the very instructive portions of ¦ the
day's ceremony. The account of the
missionary, work done at the Presidio was
graphically described { by Mrs. Lincoln,
who Is deaconess there. She told of Lie
assistance given sick soldiers, even to
writing and mailing their letters to rela
tives, and decorating the tables in the
sick wards with flowers and supplying
magazines, all work that was accepted
with deep gratitude by the men. i»irs.
Lincoln pleaded for a stamp fund for the
(benefit of invalid soldiers. The idea was
considered, and many present were en
rolled as monthly subscribers to the
fund. f
At the afternoon session Deaconess Mi
ner of British Columbia, Dr. and Mrs.
Larkin and Miss Lillian Marks, the socie
ty's missionary from Agsmere, India,
were t introduced.
Miss Marks spoke feelingly of her in
terest in the home and foreign missions.
Mrs. Hamilton, wife of Bishop Hamil
ton of San Francisco, was also Introduced
during the afternoon session.
The Richmond auxiliary was formally
received into fellowship with the San
Francisco District Woman's Home.
At the close of presidents' hour the
morning, session terminated with noon
tide prayer, and about fifty of the ladies
present partook of a bountiful and dain
tily served luncheon, served in a room ad
joining the church.
Presidents' hour was not the last of
the interesting events of the meeting,
for it was taken up with the reading of
a series of concise and useful reports
from each auxiliary.-
Mrs. A. C. Bane spoke on the subject
of "Systematic Giving-," and protested
that God had not set an example in char
itable or church work in the form of
church fairs, church dinners or "rum
mage sales," for the Lord, she said, aid
not ask for offerings only of the first
fruits. A "rummage sale" meant the go
ing to one's closet and getting disused
and old garments which were sold. God,
said Mrs. Bane, would never set his seal
on that method. She advised tithings
and free-will offerings and spontaneous
gifts.
SYSTEMATIC GIFTS.
Mrs. Winston announced that very
shortly their missionaries would be called
upon to exert their energies in the Philip
pines in view of the great and still grow
ing influence of the Methodist Episcopal
church in the islands.
The report on "Mite Boxes," presented
by Mrs/ H. E. Milnes, showed an advance
forward in the collections. The aggregate
membership of the twelve auxiliaries was
something like 300, who have placed 214
boxes in the hands of the people. The
total amount realized was $134 85. Last
year, with two hundred boxes, but $70 was
collected. ¦
aim is to inculcate in the children habits
of thrift and industry.
The evening session was largely attend
ed, and the addresses made by the Rev.
Or. Coyle and the Rev. Dr. F. M. Larkin
were listened to with profound attention.
Dr. Coyle gave an Interesting and graphic
description of the hardships endured by
the missionaries who penetrate the moun
tain fastnesses and overcome almost in
surmountable obstacles to carry the Gos
pel to those who are practically cut off
from the world. Dr. \Larkin spoke in sim
ilar strain, and won I the sympathy, of his
hearers for the missionary.
IS The delegates and their friends will at
tend an entertainment at the Howard
street Methodist Church \ this- evening,
when stereopticon views will . be shown.
There will also be a musical programme.
The public is invited. • ' : , V
First Methodist Church, Alameda— Mrs. Den
nett, Mrs. W&tterson, Mrs. Cayle and Mrs.
Forsyth. ¦. • . ¦
Simpson Memorial' Church — Mrs. Matheson,
Mrs. Beard, Mrs. Perkins, Mrs. Nelson, Mrs.
Stephens, Mrs. Williams. Mrs 1 .' Hamilton, Mrs.
McElroy, Mrs. Slmms and Mrs. Barrett.
Santa Cruz — Mrs. Dr. McCrary.
Palo Alto — Mrs. Lakin. * * ¦ • ' .
Santa Clara — Mrs. E. C. Eaton, and Mrs. H.
E. Milnes. .' •
Richmond Methodist Church — Mrs. Van
Zandt, Mrs. pills, Mrs. Channing and Mrs.
Lloyd.
Trinity Church — Mrs. Buck and Mrs. Coles.
First Methodist Church — Mrs. Baker. Mrs.
Johnson, Mrs. Fish and Mrs. Channing.
Grace Methodist Church — Mrs. Studley, Mrs.
Ayers, Mrs. Cooleson, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Bauer,
Mrs. Rock, Mrs. Nlckerson, Mrs. McLellan,
Mrs. Canhan, Mrs. Telye, Mrs. Coffin, Mrs.
Roberts, Miss Nlckerson, Mrs. Larkln and
Mrs. Davis.
Central Methodist Church — Mrs. Smith, Mrs.
Fellows, airs. Bovard, Mrs. Heath and Mrs. :
Thomson.
During the afternoon ' session several
Chinese children, beneficiaries - of the
Methodist Episcopal church and the "Wo-;
man's Home Missionary Society, were
called upon to sing and give selections
on the piano. Their musical cultivation
and proficiency came as a delightful sur
prise to .many. of. -the assemblage. . . .
A vote of thanks was given- the com
mittee on arrangements for the hospita
ble reception tendered the visitors and
delegates, and a vote of thanks was also
extended to The Call for the deep interest
taken in the proceedings of the Woman's
Home Missionary. Society.
The following delegates were present: '
CHINESE MUSICIANS. "
cisco, and Hawaiian work. Mrs. W v S. For
syth. Alameda.
8
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOTTND.
An Dnepaled Record.
PAIIE'S CELERY
COMPOUND.
The Only Medicine That Can
Point With Pride to True
and MamMs Cures.
ITS PRAISES SOUNDED
BY ALL CLASSES OF
OUR PEOPLE.
A Spring Medicine That Quickly
Purifies the Blood and
-Banishes Disease.
Paine's Celery C?r;»:>ound can with pride
point to a long urd wonderful list of
cures effected fh thi.- and other lands. In
fully ninety cases out of every hundred
it has been successful in overcoming and
banishing treacherous and long-standing
diseases and ailments. '
The great work of disease banishing
and life saving so happily accomplished
by Paine's Celery Compound has not been
confined to any particular class of people.
All ranks and conditions of our popula-
tion — among which are found city toilers,
hard-working f armers.feusiness men, cap-
italists, clergymen, lawyers, physicians
and legislators owe their lives and pres-
ent good health to the curing virtues of
Paine's Celery Compound.
No other medicine in the world to-day
has- been so much talked of, so highly
recommended by medical men, so gener-
ally indorsed "by our best people as
Paine's Celery Compound. It truly de-
serves all the good words spoken in its
favor.
May is the great month for recuperating
and building up the weakened and dis-
eased system. At this time we press upon
the ailing, the , nervous, the rheumatic,
the neuralgic, the dyspeptic, old and
young, the necessity of using Paine's Cel-
ery Compound. To those 'who are suffer-
ing and , despondent owing to the rapid
progress of bloo^l troubles, kidney disease
and liver complaint, we say, "use the
great health giver at once if you would be
speedily restored to health." The virtues
peculiar to Paine's Celery Compound are
as potent and true for you to-day as they
proved powerful and effective for your
friends and neighbors weeks and months
ago.
B'WAi?" of imitations of Diamond Dyes.
Ask for and take only Diamond.
j Dr. Talcott & Co.
Afflicted men need not worry.
I Come to us. Our methods have
cured and restored thousands an-
nually. Advice, colored chart and
book, sealed, free by mail or at our
office.
997 Market St., cop. Sixth, S. F.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Cp 1061 )Um: ST. tat. 6&47tl, C.r.CiI, A
\ itjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
W zOrSk World. Weskneues or any contracted B
m. ¥&*£$% * M «,l"«"'" l r «rmt by the oldest f
6 1*361 0 i>P=ciilist on the Coast. Eit 36 years. Q
1 tijSRf ft DR - JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ WtitSffBa Qoiwulution free and ftilrtly prirate. \
0 m BE? H Traatinent personally or by litter. A O
\ If WH Pwitiw Curt in every cue undertaken. \
OFU Wth Wr >te for Book, PBILOROPnY of A
Y ¦ (I ly* UARBM6E, MAILED FREE, fAF
X n IL valuable book for men) \ \
f Dii. JORDAN A €6.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. Y
138 fiBS3Ea mm ' *™^ jSH hEBd9S H
ia - iBE^BI w^kW fl ' BBBB^^ A
DR. HALL'S REINYiGOBATORJRnS
Stops all losses In 24 hours. Five K?ItT**>I1i3
hundred reward for any case we EESI i£u
cannot cure. This secret rem- fl H
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, H^jj nan
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. H$fl mm
Strictures, Drains. Lost Man- WjjA |J*llj
hood and all other wasting e(- tSflB f&i
tects of self-abuse or excesses. rSHtWmSn
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; suaraateed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad,
way. Oakland. Cat. Also (or sale at 1073K
Market St.. S. F. Bend for free book. ¦> ¦ ¦
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Train s~Daiiy.
L»av MarkHt-«trtet Ferry D»pot.
. Local Hm d Ovrld Local
Daily Daily Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a .-6:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced.. 12:25 p 1 :17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p :t:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• VlEalia.. 3:30p ... 0:00a ......
"Bakersfld t»:13p 6:20p 7:45a
•• Kan. City ... 2:40 a 7:30 a.......
" Chicago.. ...... .Kg:*S p 0:00 p .'
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is th« California Um-
¦ lted. carrying ¦ Palace Sleeping Cars an'J
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local Jlrst-class ¦ passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train Cor.
j*spondlng train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresni
local. Corresponding train arrtves at 12 -ao
p m-'daily. > f ¦,-.¦¦
' ,-8-p. n>. in -the pvprland Express with
through ' Palace and ' Tourist Sleepers ' ani
Free ReclJnlng Chair Cars to Chicago; also
palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 n m.
aaiiy. ••;.¦ ¦. .• - '
• 1 :20 a. in. is 1 Bakerafleld Local. ; stoppine
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m" dallv
Offices— C41 Market. street and i n p er ~
Depot. -8an Francisco; 1112 Eroadway
Oakland. .'
V^r^L ¦^ r * Oibbon's Dispensary,
M*>«F*£M 6-' J KEAKSTST. Established
l«n* 1^ti l " 1S5i f ««""'«'. treatment of I'rlvitte
iaL*-^>-^M I)ist ' Hses> I ' ost i- I »»'-< ) <Hl- Oeliiiityor
Wff§^SirS' 1ivpn8 " wearing 011 body ami inlmt and
. «W^^»^iS skln Diseases. The Doctorcures when
*wS%wl* r 3'Su nt '' prs ' n " - ' lry h' m - <'hargfB low.
srti3i-3»iilf«>«l. Cull or write.
. J»r. J. V. tiiBBOS, Kan Francisco, Cal. '
BATErWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN -PACIFIC
Trains leave and are dao to arrive »t
;~ii- SAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
leiti — From Af sii. 20. 1902. —
7.00a Benicla, Suisua, Elinlra and Sacra- ~*
meat > 6.55i»
7.00a Vacaville, Winter*. Kunisey 7.55r
7.30a Martinez, San Hainan, Vallejo,
Xapa. CallsUsa. Santa Uo.sa. 6-257
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvtlle, OrovlUe 755?.
8.00a Atlantic Express— Oijden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lnthrop. Stockton 7-2ir
8.00a XUes, Mendota, llanford, Vlaalla,
4- Portervlile 4.55r
8.20a Shasta Express— Davis. ¦Wilrtams
"(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
lied Blnff, Portland 7-55r
8.30a San , Joae, Lirennore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysvllle, Chico, Hed Bluff 4.25P
8.30a Oaftdale,Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.2Sr
9.00a Vallejo 12^5»
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Trucy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Ilij-mond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Statlona 7.&5r
tiO-OOA U*yward, Nilea and Way Stations. 1 12-55*
10-00 a The Overland Limited — Ogdeu,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25*
tLCOP Sacramento ItKer Steamers t1l.0Q*
3.00p Benicla. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kni^hta Landing,
Marysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
* 3.30P Hayward, Hiles and W»y Stations.. 7.55*
4 00p Martinez,San Ramon, Val!e]o,Napa,
Celistoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4-OCp Xlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12-25*
4.30P Hay\»ard,KlIes,SanJo9e,Livennore ta.55A
4 30* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Balcersfleh!, Santas for Santa
Barbara, Los Anseles 8.55a
5.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6.00* Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
. .. ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25*
t5.30* Xlles Local 2?§ A
B.00P Hsyirard.Xile9 and San Jose -?-§§A
tS.OC* Vallejo •• 11.25a
6.0C* Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago - 425*
7.00* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations '!•?§*
J7.00* Vallejo ••••• 7.65*
8-05* Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding. _
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. 8-|5a
19.10* HaTward^ndNlles.. tii-SSA
COAST LINE (Sarrow «»¦&•}.
' (Foot of Marlcot Street.)
J7.45a- Santa Crnz Excursion J8.05*
8.15a Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa _'__
Cruz and Way Stations 550*
t2.15* Newark, Centerrille. San Jose.
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1 °-§9-*
4.15* Newark, San Jose, Los Gatoa t8 -£2 A
! 64-1 5p San Jo?e. LosGatoa. SanteCrnt... e8-50A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3-00 5.15 p.m.
Trom OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:00 iS'.CO
t8:03 10:00 a jt. 12 00 200 4-00 *.x. -
COAST LINE (Bro«dfian<ej.
(Third aafl Townsend StreeU.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 64 Oa
m |700a San Jose and Way Station* tS.COA
7.00a New Almaden /4.10*
J7.15a Monterey Excursion J8.30F
8-00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,- >, ,
Gllroy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and.
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Joae. Tres Plnos, 8anta Cruz,
Pacific Grave. Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-10*
1 0.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
ai.30* San Jose and Way Stations a/.00*
12.45* San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Saltnas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove t104Sa
3.30* San Jose. Del Monte. Pacific Groye,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30*
+4.15* San Jose and PrlncipalWay Stations 5-30*
+5.00P San Jose. Los Gato* and Principal
Way Stations +9.00a
5.30p San Jose and PrlncipalWay Station* 6-30*
6.30P San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orlcana Express— San Lais
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deming, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10.30a
«11.45l»San Jone and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
- t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
6 Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
. Sunday only.
CALlfOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAM ' FRANCISCO AHJ N0RJ3 PACIFIC
RAIIiWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of 31a.r1s.et St.
SAX FHAACISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
¦WEEK' DAYS— 7:30. 0:0O. ll:0O a. m.: 12:3».
3:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m. " ""
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20" p. m. .
SAN llAPAUl. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:C5 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 6:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arriva
San Fraaclacoj May 4. 1902. |San Francisco
Week | Sun- I .Destina. I Sun- I Wee*
• Days. I days. | tlon. | days. ] Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacio 0:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p »:30a and 10:40 a 10:2O a>
6:10 p 5:C0p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
7:35 pf
7:30 a 8:00 a Fetaluma 10:40 al 8:40 a
8:3Cp 9:30a and 6:05p|l0:2Oa
8:10 p 8:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p( 6:20 p
Fulton . '
1:80 a "Windsor * ' 10:20*
8:00 p Healdsburs . 10:40 a
• Lytton . . . i-Jr.i
Geyaervllla
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 6:20 »
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah ) 7:33 p| 6:20 »
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WUlit3 [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuerneviUe I 7:35p|10:20a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40 a| 6:20
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I »:10 al 8:40 »
8:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 at Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p[ 6:00p| |7:3api6:20p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle; ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelaeyville.- Carlsbad Springs, Soda. Bay, Laks-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Lour*!
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, LJerley'i.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle, Orr'i
Hot Springs. Half-Way House, Comptcha.
Camp Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort-
Bragg, Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. LaytonviUe. Cummlngj
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Pepp«r*
wood, ' Scotia and Eureka. - -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets) at
reduced rates. . •
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all polata
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldlnc
H. C. WHTTINO. B. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. -
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Saasallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, .'1802.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBTC
AND SAN RAFAEL. '
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. »7:45. 8:48. 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20, *1:45. 3:18. 4:15. 5:13. *S:UL
«:45. 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:48 a. m. doc* n«3
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. «9:00. »10:0O, 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. *l:30. 2:30. *3:45, 5:00, 6:00L
1:30. 9:45. 11:45 d. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin. ''•
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40, 8:15. •9:^
11:00 a. m.. 12:23, 2:15. »3:30. 4:40. 5:30, *UA.
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00, •S:0O. 9:30. «ll:C0 a. m^
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15. *3:30. 4:13. *S;4S, 6-4a!
7:30. 10:13 p. m. ***
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin. :
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40, »:40 7:45, 8:25 S^ia!
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:00. 8:1(J. 5;20t M?
10:15 P. m. - 4UW
6UNPAYS— «:30, 7:55 10:05. ll;io ».
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:43. 5:00. 6:03. 7:13. loTii
*' m- THROUGH TRArNS.
7:43 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and wav
stations. . .
- 6:15 p. m. week days . (Saturdays excepted>
—Tomalcs and way stations.
8:00 ». m. Sunday s— Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal HoHday boats and trains will rua oa
Sunday time.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausaiito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
mi: st :;c, u rr-" s; si
11-30a • ™ e * kI> »y«"' 1 r- j-v»i>
.;...„.'. 1:30 v. "T»r«lBFTHJIL?«S- fcaor.rZ"
.....„„ 2:30?. Op«»nii»j«rm»«*. 8:15 r *;
SATUB31TS 03LI— b«T* Tvma 0:30 r. arrif* Sn rnaelw> 11:3» p.
Ticket Oawa. tSl MAltS£T STREET »uj 3ACSAL1TO KRRT.
ieelly Gall $L09 jsr'Yeai
1 ¦' SHkMBJSBRL^LHHTJBflEB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
re, soy.. ROSER
Grand-Nieco of Ex-President
¦ James K. Polk, Writes to
Mrs. Pinkham Saying:
; " Dear Me3: Pixsham : — I have been
married for noarly two years, and so
far have not been blessed with a child.
I have,' however, suffered with a com-
plication of female troubles and pain-
ful menstruation, \intil very recently.
MES. IDA L. v ROSEK.
: I ' ' The value of Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound -was'
calledto my attention by an intimate
friend," -vthbsjj life had simply been a
torture 7 with inflammation and ulcer-
ation; and a few bottles of your Com-
pound cured" her ; she. can: hardly
believe it herself to-day, she enjoys
.such blessed ", health. I topic four
bottlas of your Compound and 'consider
my3elx cured, I am* once more in , fine
.health . ari3. spirits ; my '¦ domestic and
official duties all' seem "easy now, for -I
feel ..so sti-onn* I cari do N three - times ;
what I used to do. You have a host of
friends in Denver, and among" the best
count, Yours very . gratefully ,V— Mrs. ;
IsaL. Koseh, 326 18th. Ave., Denver, j
Col.?'— $5000 forfeit If above testimonial Is not
'genuine. . :"\; ¦ '. '¦ ¦ ' ' - . "
If you ure ill, don't hesitate to
pet a bottle of tiydiaE. Pinkham's
yegetabl'e Cdmponnd at oncfe^
and. write to 3VIrs. Pinkham,
Lynn, Mass^ for special iad.vice— .
it is free.-
California figs and iSf c||fif JF^ treated by our
GOOD HEALTH IN EVERY CUP
The blended fruits and grain give the true coffee- flavor and
color to Figprune Cereal. Best Cereal^Coffee. ¦.¦',¦¦
— ¦ ~ACTRESS WHO WILI. APPEAR
IN LEADING ROLES AT THE
CENTRAL THEATER.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— The will of Sol
Smith Russell, the actor, waa filed to-day. The
estate, mostly realty. Is valued at $100,000.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed .May 14— Stmr; Belren
land. for Queenstown and Philadelphia; stmr
Oceanic* from. Queenstown' and New York.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Mav 14— Stmr Moltke,'
from New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg,
and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 14— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.' .
. SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May - 14— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 14— Br bark Pax, for
Cape Town; stmr Umatillo, for San Francisco;
Br Etmr Oscar, for Victoria; stmr Al-Kl, for
Tacoma; stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
DOMESTIC PORT.
Stmr 'W H Krueer, Ahlin, 72 hours from
Tlllamook; bound to Redondo; put in to land
pa£gene(rs. ¦ • : -_ . ¦ . .
Wednesday, May 14.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
C A Brlgrgs, Seattle Mrs C V Cummimr &
G R Fuller. Seattle daughter, Pt Rlchmd
A R Sutherland, Denvr f Powers & w Bakrefld
A Booz & w. Phlla N J Eachers, Marysvil
J Bullard, Oakland J Newcomb, Marysvil
J M Jacob, Denver S Prity, New York
F E Jacob. Denver Miss C Pedrott, StRosa
J L Jones, Texas Miss E Pedlson, StRosa
J D McEwen, Mexico A Winter, Orejron
J M Eptus, New York J A Lake, Orejron
D Head, Wisconsin 'D Summer Oregon
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
Charles P. Thurston is suing Cora E.
Thurston for divorce for desertion. ; They
were married at Los Angeles In May,
18S6. * . ¦''•-'•.-->
Judge Murasky granted Martha J. Mar
shall, a divorce from Manuel Marshall
yesterday for neglect. :,- ¦ V '¦¦¦'.
Florence Homan, who Is being sued for
divorce by Edward Homan, proprietor of
the Midway Plaisance, filed an answer
to her husband's complaint ¦ yesterday.
She denies that she ever treated Homan
cruelly. and_in a cross-complaint alleges
that her husband deserted her without
cause In AdHI of last year. She alleges
also that Homan, In association with the
people whom he employed at the Mid
way, has caused her great humiliation
and suffering ¦ .,
Fannie Henry is suing John Henry for
divorce for desertion, alleging that he
left her in January, 1894, ten months af
ter their wedding.
A suit for divorce was filed yesterday
by R. H. Patterson against Clara Patter
son on the ground of infidelity. Theodore
Gertanner is named as co-respondent.
Anna Charlotte Fergusson is suing Paul
E. Fergusson for divorce, alleging that
he has. treated her cruelly since their
marriage in September, 1900. Fergusson,
alleges his wife, has greatly humiliated
her by borrowing money from her Rela
tives and friends. She alleges further
that he frequently remains out all night,
thereby causing her a great deal of
worry.
Ida Florence Fiest, who was married to
Henry Clay Fiest in August, 1899, brought
suit for divorce yesterday on the ground
of extreme cruelty. She alleges that her
husband caused her great suffering by
accusing her of driving his two children
by a former marriage out of their house,
and by cursing and abusing her. She al
leges further that three months after
their marriage Fiest took her engage
ment rinjr and sole" it for $140, and kept
the, money. On another occasion, alleges 1
Mrs. Fiest, her husband came home at
6 n. m. and compelled her to- get out of
bed and go with him to the Morgue,
where he Insisted that she should gaze
upon the bodies on the slabs.
Mrs. Fiest Says Husband
Made Her Gaze on
the Dead.
WEDNESDAY, MAY &.
City and County of San Francisco to Louisa
Greenewald. lot on NE corner of Clay street
and Van Ness avenue, N 140 :8W. E 120 S
13, W 11, S 127:8U, W 109; $ . '
Peter and Mary Owens to John M. Duke lot
way? N Ot BrOad "
w E i st if te /i of . T homa f v H - Welch (by Sarah i-
Welch, administratrix) to Terrence Tyndall lot
W 2 S 5: 1 {S e by f S E ffi & " W ° f BUCha " an '
Bridget J. Hayes to W. J. Bowman, lot on
SW corner of Halght and Webster streets, W
,110 by S 55; $10. • •
John Keane or Kane to Mary I. Lovett lot
on N line of Golden Gate avenue, 45 E of Fill
more street. E 25 by N 90; also 1A on N line
Zr ,£ Ifteen tn street. 51 E of Natoma, E 24 by
N SO; also lot on S line of Jefferson street 37-6
Of ,, Broderlck - W 25 by s 112: «: a!«° lot on
SW line of Morris (Park) avenue, 175 SE of
Bryant street. SE 25 by SW 75; also lot on E
line of Connecticut street, 425 S of Natja. %
25 by E 100; also lot on SW line of Harriet
street, 225 EE of Howard, SE 16:6 by SW 76
ne S c O t,c O u\. On E S C 0 ln b e y°S 5 ° £g fe*j
esfa 0^ ifbe^. SJaKS? T aSd™ SS
Brandenstein. Julia and Virginia Strassburger
Samuel M.. Charles W. and Albert M. Rose£
baum to Dennis T. Sullivan, lot on N line of
145 E- of Pierce. E 30 by N
Edward B. or Edward and Elsie L. Jennings
to Thomas B. Lynch, lot on the SW corner of
Devisadero and Grove streets. S 34:0 "by W
Caroline A. and Jerome Millard to Winiam
D. Joiner, lot on the W line of Broderick street
132:7% S of Sacramento, S 27:6 by W 82-6- $10*
William K. Van Allen to Felix Marcuse -lot
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, May 14.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles L. Edholm,
over 21, and Llzette W. McCully, over. 18,
both of Oakland; Daniel Pinkney, 39, and
Ella Boles, 32, both of Mission Ban Jose;
Francis J. Jamart, 32, and Helen H.
Kicolin, 29, both of San Francisco; Henry
C. Falster, 24, and Elizabeth E. Simons,
IS, both of- Oakland; Alexander" Wilson
over 21, and Clarita S. Thomas, over IS,
both of Oakland.
on the S line of Sacramento street, 100 W of
Lyon,— W 27:0, N 132:7%, E 27:6, N 24:7Ti
W 14:3%. N 26:4%. E HU%, N 81:6%; $10.
Homer S. and Millie B. King to Martin J.
Heller lot on the S line of Jtackson street, UO
E of Laurel, E 77:6 by S 127:814; $10.
Wells, Fargo & Co. (corporation) to same,
same; $10.
Thomas C. and Margaret E. Maher to Haz
bartl Bon, lot on the S line of Twenty-third
street; 100 E of -Guerrero, E S5 by S 114; $10. -
Emma Hoffman ¦ (Rohrs) i -. and George D.
Rohrs to Meta Kohrs, lot on the NW corner of
Han Jose avenue and Valley street, W SM>. N
20:(J, E 9l>, SW 26:«; $10. , ¦
John H. and Sarah M. Kruse Jx> Frank W.
and Josephine Dewey, lot on the S line of
Duncan street, 270 W of Sanchez, W 25 by s
114; $10. .
Mary, John A., Thomas .M. and Mary M.
Calnan to Michael J. Calnan, lot on the S
line of Twenty-ninth street. 180 W of Noe,
W 25 by 8 114; $10.
John H. and Ellen • G. Grady to Theodore
Relnke, lot on the NW corner of Alvarado and
Castro streets, N 50:0 by, W 105; $10.
Same to Richard Colbrandt, lot on the W
line of Castro street, 60:6 N of Alvarado, N
20 by W 115; $10.
James Y. and Jessie Eccleston to E. A.
Heron and Myron T. Holcomb lot on the E
line of Stockton street, 137:6 N of Bush, S 40
by E 110; $10.
George A. epd Mary J. Bromley to George
Haas Realty Company (corporation), lot on the
N line of Ellis street, 175 W of Taylor, W
25 by N 137:0 (rerecorded); $10. ,
Daniel E. and Addle S. Friele to Anthony
O. Rossi, lot on the W line of Jones street,
82:0 N of Jackson, N 30 by W 87:6; $10.
Alfred and Sophie Rochebrune to Esoer and
Nathan Dusenbery. lot on the N line of Geary
street, 68:0 E.of Leavenworth, E 68:9 by N
137:6; $16,000.
Fanny Dusenbery (wife of Nathan) to Samuel
Dusenbery, lot on N line of Geary street,
103:1% E of Leavenworth, E 34:4% by N
137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Nathan Dusenbery to same, all -Interest in
same; $1. . •• '
Samuel Dusenbery to Nathan Dusenbery, all
Interest in lot on N line of Geary street, 63:0
E of Leavenworth. E 34:4% by N 137:0; $1.
Rose and Samuel Dusenbery to same, same,
quitclaim deed; $1.
John Fisher to Frederick Runge, lot on W
line of Iowa street, 160 S of Yolo, S 25 by W
100, quitclaim deed; $1.
J. Frank and Mary E. Ball to Harriet Par
doe, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 150 S of
Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
: Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to J."
Frank Ball, lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 223
S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Same to Wllhelm and Anna Joregnsen, lot on
E line of Fifth avenue, 250 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120; $10.
J. C. and Pauline Rued to William P.* Red
ington, re-record 1943 D. 400, lot on SE corner
of Twentieth avenue and Lake street, E 67 :C
by S 100: $10.
.William H. and Ada E. Mathews to Penola
Papst, lot on NW. corner of Twelfth avenue
and Clement street, N 50 by W 120; $10.
J. W. and Annie L. Wright to J. W. Wright
& Sons Investment Company, lot on SE corner
of Twenty-ninth avenue and R street, S BOO by
E 120; also lot on SI5 line of London street, 150
NE of Persia avenue, NE 150' by SE 200. lots
3 and 6, block 12, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles Frey, lot
on S line of Montana street, 27C W of Ply
mouth. W 25 by S 125, block S, Railroad Home
stead: $10.
William C. and Hulda' Hildebrandt to Oscar
Heyman, lot on NW line of Buena Vista street,
205:4 NE of Courtland, NE 51:4 by NW 70. lots
203 and 294, Cobb Tract; $10.
• J. W. and Annie L. Wright to Joseph A.
Migliavacca, lot on S corner of Brazil and
Vienna streets, SW 300 by SE 100. lots 1 and 2,
block 64. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
John Wilson to Lena Wilson, lot 1, block 10,
Sunny Bide; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles Stubbs (owner) with W. R. Kenny
(contractor), architect none — All work except
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a three
story and basement frame building (three flats)
on' lot on N line of Fourteenth street, 76 W
of Treat avenue. W 25 by N 83.535, M. B. 18:
$4080. . - ...
Henry. Charles, George P., Minnie anj
Louise HufBchmldt and Louise Buck (owners)
with Johnson & Secor (contractors), architect
E. J. Vogel — Concrete, cement, carpenter 'work
hardware, glass, electric work, plastering and
tinning for a three-story frame building (three
flats) on lot on S line of Post street. 220 W
of Leavenworth, W 27:6 by S 137:0; $12,070.
Same owners with Frank H. Mills (contrac
tor), architect same— Plumbing, sewering, gaa
and water piping for same on same; $1400.
Forty-First District Republicans.
The Forty-first Assembly District Cen
tral Republican Club held its first meet
ing last night at Steimke Hall on Octa
via street.
The following 1 committees were appoint
ed to conduct the campaign work:
Executive committee — Sheldon G. Kel
logg, Lester G. Burnett. Maurice Brandt,
Arthur G. Towne, W. J. Dutton, G. A.
Murdock, E. J. Pringle and Stanley
Forbes. Admission committee— E. B.
Culler, H. C. Beatty, S. M. Ehnnan,
Alorzo Trueworthy, A. W. Voorsanger,
A. S. Johnson and H. L. Barker. Finance
committee— S. M. Ehrman, Wakefleld Ba
ker, F. C. Selfridge, S. C. Irving and
George Stone. Auditing committee — T. C.
Selfridge, J. J. Scoville and Charles W.
Gould. Statistic committee — Lester G.
Burnett. The officers of the club are:
Horace Davis, president; Colonel J. C.
Currier, first vice president; Julian Sonn
tag, second vice president: Ralph C. Dan
iels, secretary, and A. E. Buckingham,
treasurer.
Reprieve for a Murderer.
SACRAMENTO. May 14. — Governor
Gage to-day reprieved the death sentence
of Bert Ross, convicted of murder In San
Luis Oblspo County, to August 19, to per
mit the determination of the case now on
appeal in the United States Court.
tcr will give a testimonial farewell benefit
to its > popular leading- lady. Miss Annette
Marshall, who will take leave of the thea
ter for a season. "The World," a spec
tacular melodrama, Is the bill of the week,
and Is serving to astonish and delight the
Central clientele with its startling me
chanical illusions and electrical effects.
Next week in the new bill, "Woman
Against Woman," Miss Fannie Mclntyre,
the new. leading lady, will make her first
appearance.
"Reilly and the 400" is delighting good
bouses at the Grand Opera-house this
week. Mr. Harrigan is of the very best
in his line of work and has a valuable
medium for the exercise of his peculiar
talent in "Reilly and the 400," also a
product of the author-actor's clever pen.
!he Grand Opera-house stock company
does very good work In support, and the
bill is amusing large numbers of play
goers. "Waddy Goc-gan" will be the next
bill and the last of the Harrigan engage
ment. Miss Maude Fealey, youngest lead-
Ing lady on the stage, will follow in "The
Little Minister."
A night with the Elks, to take place at
the Grand Opera-house next Tuesday,
promises to be a gala affair. In addi
tion to Edward Harrlgan and the Grand
Opera-house company in "Waddy Goo
gan," star attractions from the various
theaters will appear. The sale of seats
is now progressing at the box office, with
an Immense demand, and the audience
promises to be large "and fashionable. The
members of San FrancJsco Lodge No. 3
are working with, might and main to
make the affair a success, and many sur
prises will be offered during the perform
ance.
"The Singing Girl" still draws crowds
to the popular Tlvoll Opera-house, and
there is no\ foretelling the end of the
run of this pretty opera. The people are
all well placed, and together with the
orchestra and chorus make the piece go
finely. To-night is "machinists^ night"
at the Tivoli. After the present opera
comes "The Toy Maker/' which scored
such a hit with everybody last year. It
will be given with an enlarged cast, new
properties, songs and verses.
There are still overflowing: houses at
every performance of "Fiddle Dee Dee,"
and the next -Weber and Fields pro
gramme is already exciting much inter
est.
Lew Sully Is making-. a laughing hit" at
the Orpheum this week, as are also Ray
mond and Caverly and James F. Kelly
and Dorothy Kent. Mile. Chester pre
sents one of the prettiest acts ever seen
In this city with her statue dog:, and Mr.
and Mrs. Kelcy are pleasing -witft "In
Trust." ¦ Julia Helnrlch, the eminent con
tralto; Hilda Thomas and Lew Hall^ in
their amusing 1 skit, ."Miss Ambition," and
the Florenz troupe are In their last ap
pearances.
? .' i • -. •
The members of the Metropolitan Lifa
Insurance Company are going to give
their employes and the visiting: officers
of the company a monster entertainment
on Saturday afternoon at Fischer's Thea
ter, when "Fiddle Dee Dee" will be given,
with a few additional features tnat will
prove extremely interesting. to the other
patrona ' of the house ! on that afternoon
The company haa purchased 300 seat3 and
all the private boxes, and there is to be
a- big banquet following the" theater
party.
At the Chutes Theater a capital, bill
is offered this week, including the Wilton
brothers, the Hoste brothers, the Clipper
quartet, Gorman and Keppler, the Petch-
Ing brothers. Grant and Grant and Colo
nel Edward^Beaupre, the .tallest man
ever known. •- To-night the amateurs and
a hurdle sack race for ladles.
•jr. /Tf ISS FANNY McINTYRE, the
AYfll Central Theater's new leading
i W \\ la( * y> tnlnlcs Manager Fred
JL V JJL Belasco one* of the cleverest
contract-makers in the country.
She stated yesterday that Belasco painted
San Francisco wuh such glowing colors
that without a minute's hesitation she
packed her trunks and boarded a train en
route for this city. Miss Mclntyre confi
dentially whispered that she was told by
Belasco that she could study her parts
under the pines. Since he£ arrival MSs
Mclntyre has been given the principal
role In the celebrated emotional drama,
"Woman Against Woman," in which she
makes her initial appearance next Mon
day night. With a fourteen-page manu
script in her hands the leading lady went
in search of the pines, but was informed
they were growing in Golden Gate Park.
A3 she could not tell a pine from a spruce
tree, she decided to study the role in her
room. She therefore laid- in a stock of
sweet peas, and whenever she tired of
her lines a whiff of these fragrant flowers
inspired her to go ahead with her studies.
MissMcIntyre has a pleasing personality
and possesses magnetism. She says love
scenes are her long suit, and she dies beau
tifully on the stage. / She expresses the
hope that the gallery gods will not inter
rupt these emotional scenes by untimely
interruptions, as they might throw her
out of her stride.
"Back in dear old Philadelphia,"- she
said, "the gods and myself became aw
fully good friends. Why, they used to
call me Fanny, and of course I could not
object to this familiarity, as they were
all my friends. I played frequently in
Boston, but I found the people a little
'up stage.' You know I mean they were
too refined— too critical— but nevertheless
I made good. I do hope I will please local
audiences. I'll strive to do my best, and
if personal effort will bring success I will
surely become popular.
"You have no twice-a-day theaters
here, but you will have them, of course,
before long, for I am told that the Ori
ental trade is going to make of San Fran
cisco a veritable New York of the West.,
Well, a , twice-a-day .theater Is not so
much of -a pleasure to the.-actors as it
may be profitable to the houses, perhaps,
although one gets used to the every-day
matinee after all.. At Forepaugh's in
Philadelphia I played for over a year
twice a day, and I had a like experience
at the American Theater, New York. I
made a starring tour with Wilton Lack
aye through the large cities of the East,
and that was comparative ease and en
joyment. I appeared in 'Lover's Lane', at
McVlcker's in Chicago and gave a season
of 'Cymbeline' in St. Louis, playing Imo
gen. My repertoire In the East Included
'The Sporting Duchess,' 'The Little Minis
ter,' 'Under the Re.d Robe,' 'Aristocracy,'
'Camille' and a host of other popular
plays. I know I shall be enamored of San.
Francisco. "If Calif ornians are . all like
those I have met in the East you can't
help loving them. I suppose the climate
here makes them that way— for they are
pleasant, cheerful, agreeable, delightful. I
Imagine that I, too, shall be singing the'
praises of this Western land before long."
John Drew in "The Second In Com
ir.&nd" has made the turn in the long lane
cf his career. Potent always for pleas
ure, he commands in the role of Major
Christopher Blngham a power of pathos
that fully equals his rich comedy gifts,
and has created a figure that will stand out
distinctively among the few distinguished
portraits of the day. He is very well sup
ported in the interpretation of Captain
Marshall's play, . Guy Standing as his
lucky rival; Ida Conquest and the rest of
the cast fulfilling all needs. The houses
have beep commensurate with the attrac
tions of the play and players, and to sup
ply the demand for seats there was given
an extra matinee yesterday and another
has been arranged : for Wednesday next.
Mr. Drew remains only two weeks. Miss
Kathryn Kidder in a revival of "The
Country Girl" follows. .
The Neilis are being seen to particular
advantage this week at the " California
Theater In Bronson . Howard's • comedy,
"Aristocracy." The company has spread
Itself on the production, in which are to
be seen some of the handsomest costumes
that have been shown on the local stage.
Mr. Nelll has the role of Jefferson Stock
ten, and does much for the part, being
ably supported by Clifford Dempeey, who
is a very persuasive, princely villain. Miss
Chapman is more than commonly, good—
which is saying not little— as Diana Stock
ton, and Miss Stone, the beauty/ of the
company, acts and looks the part of Vir
ginia Stockton very becomingly. "The
Lottery of Love," always a favorite with
auoiences; will ' be next week's bill. . Tho
usual Thursday afternoon bargain • mati
nees are on.
"Lost 24 Hours" is making Alcazar audi
ences very. merry this week. . Next week
the popular little theater will have
possibly ; the i most • amusing ; of the
vtry recent farces In "The Brixton
Burglary," by Fred W. Sidney. It haj
been the farcical ¦ success of London and
New York for two seasons, and Is certain
to f be much ; appreciated ¦ by ¦ local play
goers. The management is to be congrat
ulated I on securing such - an excellent' at
traction, : and will no doubt reap, the bene
fit of its enterprise.';. The /farce will ; re
ceive unusual care in its putting on, and
there are to be some stunning gowns.:
Next Friday evening the Central Thea-
* FIREMEN RESIGN.— The following firemen
sent in their reslsmatlons yesterday: .W.
Blackmore, A. Leof, C. S. Lawrence, P. J.
O'Dopnell, R. Levy.F. Koapman. H. EskerseD
and.J. Rlley. M. Yohl of engine 2 was dis
missed for neglect of duty. .
FERNBROOK PARK, which Is em- i
bosomed among- the densely wood
ed hills surrounding: Nlles Canyon,
was the scene of a delightful fam
ily picnic yesterday when the mem
bers of the San Francisco Hay Dealers' As
sociation and their friends betook them
selves to the picturesque park to enjoy
their annual outing. The Hay Dealers'
Association is but a small organization,
composed of scarcely more than half a
hundred members, yet it enjoys a wide
popularity. Although yesterday's excur
sion to the hills was not given to raise
money and no attempt was made to swell
' the attendance, there were In the neigh
borhod of 1000 picnickers present.
The boat for the park left this city at 9
o'clock in the morning and when the peo
ple reached the other eide of the bay the
rain was pouring heavily. Long before
the train, reached its destination, how
ever, the sun was shining brightly and
the day turned out a beautiful one.
After the excursionists had reached the
park and the heavily laden lunch
baskets had been lightened of their
tempting contents, the picnickers pro
ceeded to enjoy themselves. Excellent
music was provided, and while many
danced, others formed themselves into
parties to climb the steep hills in the vi
cinity in search of wild flowers and ferns,
which had been freshened and made more
beautiful by the early morning rain.
But wen the delights of Fernbrook
Park, clothed in all the beauties of spring,
could not allure the minds of some from
their business. Early in the day It was
reported that Ed Aigeltinger, Philip Ans
pacher and Captain Pete Demlng had be-
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
After the regular programme of races
had been completed. Mrs. Ed- Algeltinger
and Mrs. Ernest Beringer were induced to
run in a special race for fat ladles. The
race proved so exciting and so evenly
contested that the judges were unable to
select the winner. Both the ladles wert
highly complimented on the graceful rrian
ner in which they acquitted themselves.
When 4 o'clock, the hour for departure,
arrived, it was with the greatest reluct
ance that the merry hay dealers boarded
the cars to be taken back to the city
The picnic, from the time the boat left
the pier in the morning: until it returned In
the evening, was a complete success and
will long be a memorable event In the an
nals of the San Francisco Hay Dealers'
Association.
In the first race, which was for mem
bers, Fred <Jrant was looked uoon, by
himself as a certain winner, but the other
young men who entered unfortunately
proved more speedy and Mr. Grant was
left to bring up the rear, which he did in
a very able manner.
second, Grace Josephs; third, Edna Murphy;
lourth, Ethel Murphy.
COMPELS WIFE
TO VISIT MORGUE
The results of the races were as follows:
Members' race— First. "W. H. Egan: second,
Frank H. Soxners; third, Lawrence A. Myers.
.Young- men's race — First. R. J. Somers; eec
ond, G. Eng-ersahl; third, L. W. Peters.
-Married ladies' race — First, Mrs. Fred
Brooke; second, Mrs. Fred Lauderwasser; third,
Mrs. Josephs; fourth, Mrs. Fred Grant.
Young: ladles' race — First, Victoria Matroni;
second, Alice Bronsen; third, Pauline Vermeil
i Race for boys — First, Ferdinand Ballard; sec
ond. J. O'Rouke; third, T. CRouke; fourth,
I. PlUe^rini.
Race for little girls — First, Laura Vermeil;
come lost in the woods. A posse was im
mediately organized and a vigorous
Bearch was commenced. The friends of
the missing- merchants, after searching
for more than an hour, were Just about to
give up when the three irrepressible hay
dealers were found in a neighboring hay
field bargaining with some farmers in an
attempt to corner the Niles hay crop.
In the afternoon the races and the tug
of war between the married men and the
single men furnished amusement for the
crowd. The races were few, but those
¦who were fortunate enough to win were
given handsome prizes. ¦
CHARACTERISTIC POSES OF SOME OF THE PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO HAY ASSO
CIATION, AS SEEN BY A CALL CARTOONIST WHILE THEY ENJOYED THEMSELVES YESTERDAY ON
THEIR ANNUAL EXCURSION AND PICNIC HELD AT FERNBROOK PARK.
Other topics than the organization of
the convention have recently claimed the
attention of the machine managers. The
increasing weakness of Gage as a candi
date for Governor and the apprehension
in machine circles that he could not win
out in November if nominated cannot be
passed over lightly. Comment is made
everywhere that a term of four years as
Governor is high reward for the best kind
of party service. The suggestion that
Gage should hold the office eight years
is not acceptable to thousands of voters
who take but little interest in general
politics, but who have pronounced opin
ions in the subject of fair dealing In pub
lic affairs. California has had many illus
trious Governors, but a term of four
years was deemed sufficient honor for the
greatest and best. The current of talk
has suggested a change in the boss pro
gramme. Two months ago It was high
treason in the boss camp to discuss the
danger of Gage's defeat. Now such talk
is common. Gage has been told of his un
popularity. Of course, he does not like
to hear about it. He would rather hear
Dave Kevane, Ben Fehneman, Alec Tru
man and Johnny Mackenzie tell him that
the. people are so proud of his ability as
an executive that they want him to serve
as Governor for life.
Immediately after primary election,
August 12, the machine politicians will
claim everything. Candidates for nomi
nation to the offices of Lieutenant Gov
ernor, Controller, Secretary of State,
Treasurer, Attorney General, State Print
er, Superintendent of Schools, Surveyor
and Clerk of the Supreme court will be
urged to hand over to the bosses what
ever stiength they possess in several dele
gations.
The boss cry will be: "Hurry up ar.d
get aboard the band wagon." The chances
are three to one that every candidate
joining the boss procession will be turned
down by the convention. In the first
place, the stalwart Republicans who are
battling for good government are as well
organized as the boss forces. Indications
point to the election of Hon Jacob H.
Neff as chairman of the convention. The
bosses have not openly named their can
didate, but certain movements in the
boss camp disclose the identity of the
statesman slated by the machine for the
work of presiding over the convention.
Thl3 year the Republicans of California
are more earnest than ever before in
their demands that the delegates to the
convention shall be chosen by the voters
of the party. Every scheme of the bosses
to pack the convention with appointed
delegates will be exposed and resisted.
The machine manipulators did expect to
apply to the State convention the system
of tactics which gave them the upper, hand
in the late Republican Municipal Con
vention in this city. The day after the
primary election in San Francisco the
bosses began shouting that Crimmins,
Herrin and Burns had the convention.
Candidates for ' municipal office were
advised to turn over to Burns the dele
gates representing their individual
strength. The silly aspirants who were
entrapped by this game got the rough
end of the bargain. Several were defeated
for nomination and others nominated and
defeated at the polls. ' .
For the first ttonelin many campaigns
the Democrats may be compelled to put
their State ticket in the field before the
Republican convention . adjourns. A3
the primary elections under the law can
not be held until August 12, the nominat
ing conventions cannot very well assem
ble before Monday.' August 25. Many Ra
publican politicians favor September 1 as
the time of meeting, in order to give am
ple opportunity for the transmission of
returns from far away Assembly dis
tricts. As a rule the Republicans are
more methodical and orderly in the work
of preparing for a convention than the
Democrats.
Willoughby became known to the great
naturalists of both America and Europe
through his study of natural history. He
went all through Alaska, picking up cu
rios and unearthing- the bones of the
great mastodon and other extinct ani
mals, sending some of the most valuable
of these to the large museums of the
world. A collection sent to the World's
Fair at Chicago was of great value to
the students of natural hfrstory. His
knowledge of Alaska and its natural re
sources made him much sought oy ex
ploring parties. He was the discoverer
of the Silent City, one of the greatest
phenomena of the world. It is a perfect
picture of a city without an inhabitant—
a mirage over Muir Glacier.
Despite his once great wealth, Wil
loughby had little at the time of his
death.
The life story"of the aged pioneer dates
back with the history of the first white
rr.en that crossed the mountains to the
Pacific Coast. -He crossed the plains and
mountains f/om Missouri to California in
IMS, and was on the coast at the time
of the great strikes of '49. ¦ He was suc
cessful with others at that time. After
the excitement in California he followed
the coast north, landing at Seattle in
1S5S, and went with the Thompson ex
pedition that followed the Indians east
of the mountains. On the return of that
expedition he went into British Columbia
and was one of the discoverers of the
Caribou region, where he made a big
stake, washing out $125,000 in gold in a
few davs. A
From Caribou he went to Cassiar aifft
was one of the discoverers of that re
gion. He spent three years there, mak
ing a big strike. In the early sixties he
went to- Alaska, locating on the - coast
near where Fort Wrangel now stands.
He discovered the bay Vnereon -Juneau is
now located, Berners Bay, Sumdum,
Sheep Creek, Hunters Bay and other good
fields. •
SEATTLE, May 14.— Richard G. Wil
loughby, known along the coast as "Dick"
Willoughby, one of the oldest pioneers
of Alaska, and a man who was one of
the makers of the early history of the
Pacific Coast and the Northwest, died
here this morning at the age of 75 years.
Willoughby came to Seattle last fall from
Alaska and has been ill since that time
with a comDlication of diseases.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Calif ornians Do Not Desire
Eight Years of His
Gageship.
Death Finds Him With Little
of His Great Fortune
Remaining.
"Dick" Willoughby's In
teresting Career Is
Ended.
Open Talk in .All Camps
That Gage Is Losing
Strength.
MACHINE FORCES
SHOW WEAKNESS
PIONEER CROSSES
THE LAST DIVIDE
NEW LEADING LADY OF CENTRAL
HOPES TO PLEASE LOCAL PUBLIC
"The: Brixtonr Burglary" to Be Produced at the
Alcazar— Benefit to Miss Marshall— Neilis Are
s Crowding the California— Tivoli Draws Throngs
HAY DEALERS DISPORT THEMSELVES
AMONG FERNBROOK'S SUNNY HILLS
Prominent Merchants Forget the Cares That Infest the Day and Attend
Picnic in the Country, Where Time Is Enjoyably Spent in Games,
Racing and Dancing, the Weather Being Fine for Outdoor Sport
THE SAN FBAKOIS.CO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 15, 1902.
9
GBAPE-NTTTS.
MEAT QUESTION SETTLED.
Bight Food to Take Its Place.
"The shortness of the meat supply and
the high price of steak Is not an unmiti-
gated evil. On the contrary, it is a prob-
able blessing:," eays the Brooklyn Eagle.
"It meat could be raised to a price that
would make it prohibitory It might still
be of grood result, because It would teach
those. who depend almost entirely upon It
to widen their dietary and learn to enjoy
many rood things of which they are now
Ignorant. To many, especially in the cities,
there are but three foods— meat, potatoes
end bread. The weary monotony of this
programme, the unsatisfied but Indefinite
longings for a widening of It, affect appe-
tite and surely affect spirits and temper.
"The laborer goes to bis work filled
with meat, potatoes and bread. At noon
be finds cold meat and bread In his din-
ner pall, and at night he Is confronted by
meat and potatoes, sometimes separate,
scmetlmes combined Into a greasy etew,
sometimes chopped Into hash.
"This kind of thing fills him, but in a
finer sense It can hardly be said to feed
him. Physicians have discovered that; a
limited and unchanging diet lowers vital-
ity and health."
Such a time as this gives every one an
opportunity to test the value of Grape-
Kuts as a food and prove to themselves
that It more than takes the place of meat
and really furnishes more nourishment
for the body and greater strength and
vitality for the brain and nervous system;
It is also an economical food that reduces
the cost of living to the minimum.
Grape-Nuts are probably entitled to the
claim to be the most perfectly adapted
food for human needs how extant. The
meat eater and the vegetarian are alike
charmed with Its crisp taste and the deli-
cate flavor of grape sugar, and the care-
ful housewife is attracted by the fact
that there are fourteen portions in a 15-
cent package. ¦ V
TWEHTIETHCENTURYCOOKBDOKS
A /car-load of Coolc Dboki
has JuHt arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at .' th« bnilneti office
of. thin paper. ; Alt Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of thls^ treat Coolc Boole at
.the premium price of : fifty
cents.
An additional . enargre of SO !
cents to' pay expreiiage will *
; be 'required 'from out of town .
subscribers ordering by 'mall.
AJVERTISETYT-rTNTS.
Heatftjr', v r
Disease
retards the circulation/ weakens
the stomach, deranges digestion,
pollutes the blood, destroys the
nervous force and saps the
vitality of the whole system.
It causes pains in the side, pal-
pitation, shortness of -breath,
smothering, dropsical swellings,
sinking spells, and frequency
ends ail suffering in sudden
death. Whv tempt . death
when a cure is within easy reach?
, • "My head would get so ; hot" it
. seemed • to-be burning up, . while -
: my feet were like ice. My limbs
would swell and get numb. I
had to sit in a chair day and"
night for months and my heart
throbbed and pained me terribly.
Alter using three bottles of Dr. \
Miles' Heart Cure I could do %
good dafs work." ?
. .. . ¦ ' . ' J. M. Macult.
:• Shippensburg, Pa. 1
Hca.j?t Cute
never fails to relieve, and fe^
cases arc too severe for it to
cure. Sold by druggists on
guarantee. -t '
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elihart, Ind,MEMBERS OF THE STEREOTYPERS 1 UNION WHO HAVE IN CHARGE
THE ARRANGEMENTS FOR THE PICNIC TO BE GIVEN BY THEIR
ORGANIZATION AT FAIRFAX PARK.
The club has appointed Fred T. Elsey,
Louis Lefevre, Milo Hlckox.P. H. Rosen-
Professional bouts were Introduced orig
inally for purely financial reasons. The
club was in need of money and the re
ceipts from these monthly contests were
of material gain. Now conditions are on
such an excellent footing that the direc
tors feel. they can abolish professionalism
and return to strictly amateur affairs.
' The board and the club members were
very much disgusted 'with the "fluke" last
month; when "Spider" Welch and Tommy
Gilfeather refused to fight because they
were not satisfied with the house re
ceipts. This action haa in large measure
contributed to the opposition to profes
sionalism- that has been aroused.
The club has arranged a match between
Rufe Turner and Herrera for June 3 or
thereabouts. That this will be the last
professional engagement made by the di
rectors is probable, as immediate s.teps
will be taken for a final decision.
Although no decisive vote was taken,
the directors announced that the club
members would immediately be given op
portunity to express their opinion. Little
dcubt is expressed that the members will
agree with their directors.,
Professional boxers are to be eliminated
from the Reliance Club. The ring events
in the near future will be confined to ex
hibitions by strictly amateur talent. Such
was the sentiment unanimously expressed
by the board of directors at a meeting last
night, when the matter was very thor
oughly canvassed. • •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
Reliance Club Directors
Are Ready to Make
a Change.
WILL SHUT OUT
PROFESSIONALS
George Martin, who was arrested Tues
day, night on a charge of assault to mur
der for shooting L. P. Matkin at 907 Har
rison street, the residence of Mrs. Marie
C. Darfler, Martin's sister, appeared in
Judge Fritz's court yesterday. He was
instructed as to his rights and the case
was continued till to-morrow.
Martin Appears in Court.
The California Bowling Alley Company
will open its new alleys • to the public
to-morrow night. The alleys are at the
corner of Stockton and O'Farrell streets
and are expected to prove among the
best in the city. They are equipped with
all the latest implements known to the
sport. There will be . a private view to
night, admission being- by card.
New Bowling Alley.
Time— 1:15.
Halmetta, Mytnrox, MarascMno and Yellow
stone also ran.
The Gaffer." El Rey and Katie - Walcott also
ran. •
"Fifth race, six furlongs, for three-year-olds
and upward; 'selling; purse, $150:
The Miller, 109 (Kelly), 5 to 1 1
Gibraltar, 117 (See), even 12
Tlburon, 109 (Frawley), 2% to 1 3
Tom Slavin. H7 (Bennett), 8 to 5 2
Billy Moore. 116 (Bell) 8 to 5 a
Time— 1:20.-
SAN JOSE, May' 14.--George Reeves, the or
chardlst of Union district, who was . badly
mangled in a dynamite . explosion yesterday,
died last night in the County Hospital.- 1 ,
Kan's Menlo Prince; Alameda Kennels' Harvey
M vs. A. Vanderwhite's Lear King; S. A.
Smith's Petronius vs. P. C. Blick's YeHowtall;
L,. i LaKomoslno'a Colma Lad vs. A. - J. ¦ Ernst's
Rich Ararosy. > :¦" . -".-. . . .. .• -..•¦•..•"•¦.. ¦...•¦¦,-.;¦
LONDON, May 1 14.— In the 'race for tho
Newmarket stakes (of 30 sovereigns each,
with ' £2000, added,- for three-year-olds)' at
Newmarket to-day • Ard Patrick, ridden
by Cannon, was the first horse home, but
Clem. Jenkins, the American jockey, who
was on the second horse, Fowling: Piece,
lodged an objection on the ground of
bumping; and boring. The .. objection waa
sustained and the race awarded to Fowl
ing . Piece. t» Royal Lancer and Cheers were
second' and : third, respectively.
American Jockey the "Winner.
Delmas made ; a . grandstand catch of
Dunlevy's hard drive in the fifth. If he
had not got under if so quick it would
have been a clean three-bagger.
Dunlevy gave a fast exhibition of base
running in the final round. He , led off
with a double and was sacrificed to third.
He started for home as. soon as Whalen
threw the ball and Gorton's ' neat . bunt
scored him. , , ¦
The score yesterday was an exact re
versal of the one by which Oakland lost
its first game to the Ponies three weeks
ago on the same diamond.
Hodson made his first hit of the season
yesterday. It was a clean single out, to
left field. "Hoddie"" also scored a run,
which, stamps htm as the shining light
of the game. ; * .
Pete Lohman's hit, which scored
Francks in the fifth, is of the same brand
as that which won the game for Oak
land last Wednesday, a -little pop fly,
dropped in back of second.
Big McCreedle cured up the boll on his
neck and got into the game by making
three hits out of four trips ; to the bat.
It does some people good to be sick for
awhile.' ¦ . ¦ ' . > v
•The Ponies will soon be shy an out
fielder.: • Lawler is going back to the
woods of Connecticut as soon as he pays
Harris what he owes him in work.
Walters was in the hospital class yes
terday and could not play. Are the Oak
lands going to be all cripples again?
Baseball Notes.
• Open stake, slxty-f our .entries — T. • Jolley's
Little May vs. Yosemlte Kennels' Mose; P.
Iteilly's Pretty Face vs. P. Reilly's Lord (Jra
nard; T. Jolley's Master Whalen vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Fly by Night; W. Johnson's Articulate vs.
P. M. Clarkson's Flower of Gold; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen vs. E. Geary's Fannie Hughie;
P. J. Reilly's Rosle Clalr vs. F. C. Mack's
Delia M;A. Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald vs
P. J. Horgan's Partial Eclipse; G. Coombe's
Rustic Arbor vs. A. McLeod's Royal Friend-
F. A. McComb's Otto vs. W. C. Badger's Alerf
W. C. Badger's Fearless vs. F. C. Mack's
Woodcock Boy; J. S-. Rogers' Orebus vs. J
Vinal's Little Fullerton; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. O. Zahl's O'Hara; J. W. Fahey's October
Lad vs. L. J. Hoffman's Jim Douglas; F. Jones'
Tyrone Prince vs. M. . Kerrigan's Prometheus;
J. S. Rogers' Glaucus vs. Pasha, Kennels' May
Hempstead; W. Calm's Imperial vs. P C
Blick's Advance Guard; A. R. Curtis' Dragon
Fly vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's Pepita; D. Dillon's
Challenger vs. F. P. Clark's Jennie G; F P
Clark's Ramona Gold vs. A. W. Jones' Dexter
B; W. Cairn's Melrose vs. T. Mlllerlck's My
Selection; J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells vs. Ala
meda Kennels' Clarice; Chiarini Bros.' White
Hat vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's The Jewess; J
Kitchen's Honor Bright vs. W. Cramer's Golden
Age; J. Tracey's Master Glenwood vs. D J
Healey's For Glory; T. Mailer's Bad Boy vs. O
Zahl's Miss Wilson; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto
vs.-F. Jones' Lady Newark; C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nelby vs. IT. Cox's Crockett Hill; T. Jol
ley's Toronto vs. P.M. Clarkson's Miss Brum
xnel; F. P. Clark's Royal Anne - va. J. Raa-
Special stake, 32 entries — J. L. Ross' Fonte
noy vs. J. L. Ross* Game Boy; A. R. Curtis'
Anchor vs. Pasha Kennels' Rocker; E. Geary's
Fenii vs. , C. O. Peterson's Haphazard; E.
Geary's- Palto Alto vs. CO. Peterson's Silver
Cloud; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey vs. E. Geary's
America; J. Carroll's Cascade vs. A. R. Curtis'
Narcissus; Pasha "Kennels' Royal Archer vs. E.
Geary's Roy Hughie; A. R. Curtis' Luxor va.
F. Jones' Harlean Gladys; -Alameda • Kennels'
Lilac vs. T. J. Cronln's Vandal; A. R. Curtis'
Lost Chord vs. A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox; E.
Ready's Full Moon vs. A. R. Curtis' Old Iron
sides; T.-J. Cronln's Tralee Boy vs. Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist; G.Sharman's Little Sis
ter vs. Chiarini Brothers' Santonin; O. Zahl's
Homer Boy vs. P. ¦ Doyle's Liberator; J. P.
Thrift's Brutus vs. G. Shannon's Sir Pasha;
P. M. Clarkson's Sofala vs. J. L. Ross' Loyal
Lad. . , : . •
Puppy stake, 16 dogs — A. R. Curtis' Miranda
vs. J. Regan's School Boy; A. Vandenburgh's
Jack Short vs. A. R. Curtis' Media; T. Sulli
van's Maid of the Potrero vs. J. Regan's Flora
Belief E. Geary's Una vs. "J. Sullivan's Slie
venoman; Aeneid Kennels' May Morning vs. A.
Vanderwhlte's Hot Slugs; J. A. Adams' Herpi
cide va. T. Sullivan's St. Simon; Chiarlnl
Brothers' Concord Boy vs. J. Sheridan's Don't
Know; T. Sullivan's Diamond Medal va.
Chiarini Brothers' Cosette.
Sixteen young greyhounds will have
their inning at Union Coursing Park on
Saturday, many making their fiirst ap
pearance on the field. A special stake of
thirty-two high-qlass dogs and a sixty
four-dog open stake complete the Sat
urday and Sunday card. The draw last
night resulted as follows:
Golden Gate Council No. 34 of the)
Young Men's Institute treated its mem
bers and friends to a minstrel show in
Native Sons* Hall last night. The enter
tainment was provided by the Golden City
Minstrels and the Manhattan quartet.
The several numbers were well rendered
and warmly applauded. After the pro
gramme there was dancing until it was
time to take the last car for home. The
function was under the direction of A. J.
Sullivan. J. T. Keegan, A. Hennessey, I*.
F. Guedet, M. Whalen. W. O'Brien J
Roach, J. A. Dunlevy, C. O'Brien, D. E»
Hayden and President T. J. Maroney.
Golden Gate Entertains.
Ean Augustine. Master Cal. Intrepldo and
Casdale also ran.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, for four-year
olds and upward: pume, $12.V eelllng:
Mamie Hildreth, 112 (Bee) 7 to 3........... 1
Alaria., 120 (Fogg), 2 to 1 2
Almoner, 115 (McCarthy), 10 to 1 3
Time, 1:09%.
El Bcbrlno, Tibs, Billlsla and Troy also ran.
Second race, one mile, for three-year-olds and
upward: purse $ 125. ' • - .- ..
Swiftllght, 105 (Frawley), 2 to 1 1
Knocking*. 105 (Wickline). 6 to 1 2
ltoulette Wheel, 110 (Roes). 6 to 1 3
Time, 1 -.46.
Tonopah. Major Hooker, Dawson and Sam
Green alto ran.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, for four
year-olds and upward: purse $125.
Nona B, 113 (Bennett), 15 to 1....... 1
Time, 1:10.
WIN1TERS AT SACRAMENTO.
Nona B Takes a Purse at Odds of Fif
teen to One.
SACRAMENTO, May 14.— The track at Agri
cultural Park was slow, but the races were
good, four exciting finishes rewarding the spec
tators. Weather fine, attendance good and bet
ting heavy- Summary:
First race — Five and a half furlongs, for
maiden three-year-olds and upward, selling;
purse $125.
Uonee, 114 (Wlckllne). C to 1 1
Canderos. 118 (McCarty), 7 to. 10 2
Jennie Miller. 112 fFeary). 8 to 1 3
PUPPY STAKE
FOR GREYHOUNDS
California and Northwestern pier - at
short intervals and special trains have
been chartered , to carry the merry
makers to the picnic grounds.
Al Young knocked out B. Rlordan in the
second round. He sent his opponent down
with a' left to the body, and when he
stood up put in, the finishing touch.
J.F. McCarthy knocked out Dan Barry
with a short arm jolt to the solar plexus.
If seemed Barry was feigning. he was in
jured, but it took some time to restore
him 1 to consciousness. •
. joe Angell. stopped J.. M. Lundie in the
third round of their .bout. < This was a
repetition of what he did the -previous
night at the Hayes Valley Athletic Club.
Lundie had a decided lead for a time, but
finally succumbed to a succession of body
blows. . ,'¦ . . *-
The members of the Olympic Athletic
Club entertained, the. Burlingame Country
Club men last night in their Post-street
gymnasium. The entertainment was in
the nature of a boxing tournament. It
was of the highest class and replete with
npvelties. The attendance was both large
and representative, including many prom
inent members of both organizations.
The first surprise was the appearance of
Bob Fitzsimmons in the ring in a bout
with Tom Wiison, his sparring partner.
It was far from being the stereotyped ex
hibition. The size of: the gloves alone
prevented Ftiz from doing terrible execu
tion There were a lot of knockdowns
seme' genuine and some only feigned.
Twice Fitz's left glove traveled a distance
o* four Inches and landed with such foi je
as to send Wilson down. Fitz-was as
full of fun as a schoolboy and showed all
his wonderful agility and cleverness with
the 'gloves. At the end of the third round
each landed make-believe knockout
nunches and went/ to the mat. In response
to insistent calls for a speech Fitz said:
"Gentlemen, I thank you for the
warmth of your reception and .the sin
cerity of your applause. It tells me you
are all my friends. 1 I have, come 3000 miles
to assist Mr. Jeffries in making a match.
My forfeit is up and Mr. Jeffries should
put up his. I can assure you I am confi
dent of winning the championship and will
do my best to do so." -
Four youthful boxers were turned loose,
blindfolded, in the ring at one time. This
was the comedy touch which relieved the
strenuous aspect of the remainder of the
card Their efforts to locate one another
drove the spectators into convulsions of
laughter. • _ „ ' • •••••'
Heavy-weight Sam Berger scored a
clean victory over Andy Gallagher. ~ The
latter's seconds threw up the sponge in
the third round to save him unnecessary
punishment. The fight was full of hard
hitting on both sides. .
Barney Driscoll was awarded the" deci
sion over Monte Attell after four rounds
marked more for earnestness than for
brilliancy. Driscoll had the lead over At
tell for three rounds, scoring one clean
knockdown. Attell outstayed his oppo
nent, having all the better of the fourth
round. The judges disagreed and Referee
Williamson cast the deciding vote.
E. Anstett made a punching bag of -M.
F. Frayne for four rounds. Gameness was
the chief quality possessed -by the latter.
J. M. Collins was awarded the decision
on points in a. bout with- Fred Landers.
For a short- time it: seemed thls^ bout
would end in an unpleasant scene. -. An
official of: the club tried to stop Harry
Foley, who was seconding- Landers, from
coaching that boxer. " Foley wouid. not
desist and an attempt was made to eject
him. He called Landers " from. . the ring.
During the minute intermission, the mat
ter ; was smoothed ¦ out and the bout.pro
ceeded to. the end. ».«-...: y.-.rr. -
Three-base hit — Slagle. Two-base hits—
Roach, Toman. First bas« on errors — Sacra
mento 2. First base on called balls — OH
Thomas 2, off Slagle 2. Left on bases — Sacra
mento 3, Los. Angeles 7. Struck out— By
Thomas 1. by Slagle 2. Hit by pitcher—Rebsa
men. Double play— Toman to Hanlon. - Time
of game — 1:35. Umpire — O'Connell. Scorer —
Rutherford.
SACRAMENTO.
„. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen, 2b ..3 0 1 0 4 2 0
Doyle, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 00 0 25 0
Rebsamen, cf 2 0 0 0 4 ' 0 0
Graham, c 20' 0 0 2 3' 0
Kagan, lb 3 O 0 0 5 0 0
Unglaub, s. s 2 00 0 2 3 0
Wagner, If 3 00 05 0 0
Thomas, p 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 26 0 1 0 27 13 "0
LOS ANGELES. ;
Toman, s. s ...4 0 2 0 67 1
Hannlvan, If 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 0 0 3- 1- 0
Householder, cf . . . . - 2 1 1 1 10 0
Itellly, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Roach, c 4.0 1 0 2 30
Waddtfll, rf 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 2 0 13 1 0
Slagle, p 4 1 2 0 0 2 0
— — — — — P _ _
Totals ..34 . 2 0 1 27 10 . 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento .... 000 0 000 0 0 — 0
Base hits... 1 . ...0 : 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1— J.
Los Angeles 0 10 0 0 0 0 1 0 — 2
Base hits .0 1 111 10 3 1—8
SUMMARY.
SACRAMENTO, May 14.-Slagle was the
whole show to-day, as he shut out the
Senators and allowed only one scratch
hit, made in the ninth inning by Hulen,
who drove a stiff one at Raymer and beat
his throw to first. Thomas pitched good
ball and was accorded errorless support,
but his outfield was so slow on its feet
that ordinary flies that should have been
captured were turned into two and thr»*
baggers. The score:
Holds the Senators Down to One
Scratch Hit.
SLAGLE A "PHEN0M."
Monroe was detained at the hospital till
about 10 o'clock, when he was taken to
the City Prison by Captain Spillane, He
was able to say that he had come from
Yankee Hill, Tuolumne County, •where he
was a miner, but he had no recollection
of where he had been stopping in the
city, believing that he wa3 still at Yankee
Hill. A dispatch was sent there as to his
condition and asking that some one come
here to take him back home. He will be
detained at the prison till that time. He
is 72 years of age.
John Monroe, an old man. was found
lying on the sidewalk at First and Mis
sion streets about 2 »clock yesterday
morning by Policeman Clancy. Monroe
had a cut on the back of his head, evi
dently from falling on the sidewalk, and
Clancy sent him to the Emergency Hos
pital in the patrol wagon. When his
pockets were searched there $363 20 In coin
and a bank book showing a deposit of
$361 50 with a savings bank In this city
were found. . ;*v* ¦',¦• •-..'
Now Being Detained for
Safety.
Had Fallen and Cut His Scalp and Is
OLD "MTWV'T*- DISCOVERED
LYING ON" SIDEWALK
THE fifth annual picnic of the
Stereo typers' and Electrotypers*
Union No. 29 will take place- at
Fairfax Park, near San Rafael,
next Sunday. It will be one of the
most elaborate affairs of the season and
a large delegation from sister unions will
be present.
Specifd games and gate prizes will be
distributed to the lucky ones. A feature
of the picnic will be the distribution ot
children's prizes. All kinds of races and
games have been carefully arranged by a
committee appointed for that purpose,
and a pleasant time is promised all who
attend.
The following committee of arrange
ments has been selected by the members
of the union: E. Dengel, Abram . Caley,
J. P. Fitzsimmons, Charles Bishop and
James J. Smith. Boats will leave the
Shows All His Old-Time
Cleverness and Agility
, in the Ring".
helm, Paul T. Carroll and Emil Fritsch a
special committee on new membership.
President R. M. Fitzgerald has named
other committees as follows:
Entertainment — M. W. Jellett (chairman),
and two additional members to be named ty
himself.. ,', .'
Boxing' exhibitions — -PI J. Cadogan ,"(chair
man) and C. M. Davis.
Finance — P. J. Cadogan (chairman), Felton
Taylor and M. "W. Jellett.
House — Felton Taylor (chairman). J. M. Jel
lett and C. U. Davis.
P. J. Cadogan has been re-elected treas
urer and Frank M. Cerini secretary of the
club.
KENTUCKY BRED SADDLE
MARE WHICH MILLIONAIRE
SPORTSMAN WILL RIDE.
"FITZ" BOXES
AT OLYMPIC
Mr. Oelrichs will be seen in the park
mounted on a lovely brown mare. He has
purchased from Francis J. Carolan, mas-
He has abandoned the bicycle and the
automobile and has gone back to first
principles. He was told the gentle exer
cise obtained through riding regularly
would keep him in health and at the same
time provide a diversion which has been
enjoyed the world over, and never palls on
its devotees.
side of a horse was good for the
inside of a man, especially when that
man is a bon vivant, and he was quick to
perceive the value of the advice.
HERMANN OELRICHS has joined
the ranks of equestrians. The
well-known millionaire sports
man was advised that the out-
ter of Crossways, Burllngame, his Ken
tucky-bred saddle mare Diana. She is a
deep rich brown in color, stands fifteen
hands two inches in height and is up to
carrying . a man of. greater weight than
her new owner.
This mare was shown in the ring at the
Tanforan horse show and was greatly ad
mired. She has all the gaits peculiar to
the single-footer and is as gentle as can
be. At present she is as sleek as a mole,
but high in flesh from lack of work.
. Mr. Carolan took so deep an interest in
Jds polo and race ponies and in his hunt
ers that he made but little use of this
mare.
Mr. Oelrichs has not let his friends into
the secret as to his riding costume. It is
not expected he will don the scarlet coat
and the hunting cap of the men who fol
low the hounds. He will- compromise on
something comfortable, in keeping with
his ideas on correct dress.
Three-base hit— Nordyke. Two-base hits—
Lawler, Dunleavy. Sacrifice hits— Devereaux
Francks, Gorton. First base on errors— San
Francisco 1. Oakland 2. First base on called
balls— Off Whalen 2, oft! Hodson 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 8, Oakland 4. Struck
out— By Whalen 3. by Hodson 2. Double plav
—Francks to Mohler to Streib. Time of same—
One hour and forty minutes. Umpire — McDon
ald. . 1
SUMMARY.
Oakland 0 1 0 0 .2 O— 1 -0 1 5
Base hits ,O 2 0:1 1 12 0 1—8
San Francisco. ... .0 0 0-0 0 0 1 0 0 1
Base hits .....; 0 0 l'o 1 11 2 1—7
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shugart, 3b ..4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Leahy, c 4 0 1 0 3 31
McHale, If 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 1 1 0 9 0 1
Holly, bs 2 0 0 "0 3 2 0
McNichols, 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Lawler, rf ......... 4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Delmas. cf 4 0 10 5 0 0
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals, 34 1 7 0;27 11 3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lohman, c 4 01 0 2 1 0
Mohler, 2b 4 0 0 0 4 3 1
Streib, lb 4 0 0 0 11 0 0
McCreedle, rf 4 1 3 1 4 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
•Dunleavy, if 41 1 0 30 0
Francks, BS........2 1 1 1 •> 7 ¦ ' 0
Gorton, cf .•.'.; 3 1110 0 0
Hodson, p.. 3 i 1 00 3 0
Totals 31 5 8 ~3 27 15 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
The. crowd was unusually large and all
the seats were filled. It was the largest
"Wednesday crowd , seen yet, and it was
also a quiet crowd, resembling a Sunday
school class more than a gang of base
ball rooters. The score:
, The grounds were in better condition
than at any other time this season, and
the game was . a little faster than the
ordinary kind that they bring off in Oak
land. Francks gave a brilliant. exhibition
at short. He accepted nine hard chances
without a.- single error. Mohler was the
only Oakland baby to make a misplay,
and as it was not serious he was par
doned.
Oakland scored in, the second on a pair
of clean singles and a sacrifice hit. They
got two more in the fifth, aided by two
bases on balls, a hit by Lohman. and
Nordyke's error of McNichols' throw to
first. Two more came In during the
seventh and ninth on a two-bagger by
Dunlevy, two clever sacrifices, a single
and Leahy's error.
Chlmmie der Whale passed out the
goods for Hank, and his offerings were
never too mysterious for Oakland to
solve. Chimmie's support was not gilt
edged, and , errors figured conspicuously
in letting two of Ewmg's stars trip over
the rubber. On "the other hand, if the
Ponies wanted a run they were com
pelled to work overtime, for errors never
came to their assistance; and for all their
work they only accumulated 1 point,
while Oakland hammered out 5.
The seventh was the only round to pro
duce a Pony run. The ever-reliable Nor
dyke auspiciously opened it with a beau
tiful swat to deep center field. Holly drew
,a pass and McNichols flew out to Mc-
Cr,eedie, Dyke scoring on the throw. He
Just barely scored, and many were of the
opinion that he was. a dead one. That
was all the locals got, and the crowd re
marked they were fortunate, which was
an appropriate remark.
The Ponies never had a chance to wal
lop Hodson yesterday at the Oakland
grounds. The little chap was there with
chimes, and the Harris aggregation could
not make the bells ring, either. Oakland
put up its usual high art game in the
field, and at the bat they landed some.
It was not a particularly brilliant affair,
but it was enough to show that Ewing
had it on the Ponies all the time.
Make Critical Errors and
Fail to Hit Ball at
Proper Time. *
Ponies Come Near Being
Shut Out on Oak
land: Field.
HODSON FOOLS
LOCAL MEN
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY/ 15, 1902.
Widely Known Millionaire Sportsman Abandons the Bicycle and the Fiery
Automobile and Becomes an Equestrian, Thus Securing at Once the
Highest Form of Exercise as Well as One of the Most Graceful
HERMANN OELRICHS TAKES TO RIDING
AS AN AID TO IMPROVED HEALTH
Their Fifth Annual Picnic Will Take Place Near San Rafael Next Sunday
and Will Be One of the Most Elaborate Affairs of the Season.
Large Delegations From . : Sister Unions Will Be in Attendance
STEREOTYPERS AND ELECTROTYPERS
TO HOLD OUTING AT FAIRFAX PARK
10
l[W]f The crutcli is a poor substitute for legs, and affords a very
II \\vf -inconvenient and. tiresome mode of locomotion — there is no more.
Mi P at^ et^ c sight than a person slowly and painfully moving along the
\tJTi street supported by these artificial limbs.
iX When Rheumatism settles in the bones and muscles of the legs,
// \! it is safe to predict that the victim will eventually become helpless
JJ \ and crutch-bound. The corrosive, irritating matter that is deposited
\ in the joints and muscles causes the most intense pain, the knees
and ankles swell, and when the natural oils and fluids that lubricate
these parts are completely destroyed the joints become locked and
'•$ the muscles drawn and stiff, and crutches a necessity. • .
The acid poisons that produce rheumatic pains form in the blood, and are
distributed through the system, and lodged in the arms, shoulders, hands,
back and feet, or other parts of the body — resulting often in total disability.
A permanent cure "of Rheumatism can be effected only by a complete cleans-
ing of the blood, and no other remedy so surely accomplishes this as S. S. S.
It neutralizes the acid effects, purifies arid invigorates the stagnant blood,
and the gritty particles are -vrashed out or dislodged mmm< - '^^ __
by the new rich blood, and relief comes to the |^S |C^ fCN
pain-racked sufferer. . S. S. S. . leaves no morbid, >^V >^V >^\
irritating matter in the blood to reunite and produce K«^) K-^J
another attack, but expels every atom of it from v^™^ x **^ v *-^
the system. -S. S. S. is a purely vegetable remedy, and does not 'impair
the digestion or general health like alkali or potash remedies.
Write for' our. special free book on Rheumatism, and if any medical
advice or other information is wanted/ our physicians will gladly furnish
it without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, 6A./* -
| The Man for Me!!
| fi^jh The Happy Man! |
© ISlSli e an W'th Force! 8
•¦ iCIF The Man Wt^ Grit! i
S jC!^\[- ' The man whose look and ao S
•.^ f \ tion show him to be one of na- •
© |)k!^e< Jture's models,, the man who ©
• • A grasps your hand with a strength §
• iw/X\s \y \\ys1L and a smile that say> "* am a §
© Slilk man -" Show me the man with o
• Jjffl^^T^^Slia confic ! ence m himself, the man §
S W^^^SS^Si^ who does not he sitate to do what §
S mm/^lMwBK he thinks is ri s ht > and l win show g
• ; UB&' • ij ' V . . you a man you can trust. ©
S I ADMIRE MEN OF POWER! !
|-4 n e d f£c^ 5
• hesitating, sleepless, falling in memory, losing self-confidence w^ak m^eaf t •
O and stomach, losing youthful ambition and courage. Men likeThat or Se O
9 with pains in the back, rheumatism, sciatica and those o?her troubies wh?ch S
e follow a loss of nature's vital power. I can cure.^1 can make ? thlnTfMl S
• ,. t ssf ! S' t cJi!i,s;s°" fl "» ta "™^^ y^sWor^i •
i dr. M.c. Mclaughlin, "°v^zr- I
• ¦ Office Hour»-8 a. to 8:30 p. m. ,10 a.m. to 1 p. m. Sunday. •, I heard the officer's testimony' about the $150
and was amazed at hearing him say that he
acted under orders of the Chief of Police, which
I knew to be an outrageous lie. Subsequently
Levings said to me: "There is not a word of
truth In what they say; they are trying to job
me." to which I replied: "Don't tell me any
thing like that, because I know better- there's
been no job put ud on you." This is the only
conversation I ever had with Levings. Regard-
Ing the article In the Examiner I wieh to say
that it Is utterly and absolutely false from be
ginning toend. - •- . I ...::-
. Mrs. Darling- told me that a police of/Jcer had
told her that he -could "square" the case for
$150 or get the defendant off with petty -lar
ceny. She said a police officer agreed to come
the next evening (Tuesday a week ago). I told
her not to give him a cent, but to arrange It so
Douglass and another man could hide and wit
ness the affair. Douglass and the young man
went to Mrs. Darling's and you knoW what oc
curred.
General E. S. Salomon, who was quoted
by -Livings as having said that he with
drew from the defense of Crothers, or
McWilliams, because he thought a con
spiracy was being formed against the
patrolman, yesterday made a statment to
Detective Ryan regarding his knowledges
of the case. Salomon said in part:
Salomon's Statement.
I allowed him to go to the room and he
e< arched everything, going all through his pa
j-erfc and effects, and then came back to the
cozy corner room and rat and talked to me
*nd aeked me how long I had known the boy's
family, and asked if they had means. I told
bim that they had not; that his mother wg«
poor but highly respectable and I had known
her a long time, but knew very lutle of the
boy. I told him I could not possibly believe
the boy guilty and arked if he had positive
proof. He said he was guilty and that he had
puch a "cinch" on him that he would sett ten
or twelve years across th* bay. I said- "Oh
my. that will kill hi«-mother; what will "l do?
Th-j disgrace ." I th»n ask€d him If I could
Me the boy. and he raid the boy had not been
charged yet. 1 asked what's that, and he told
niff that he had not been brought up beforr the
X,T- but wou1d be brought up the following
a.or.aay morning and charged. I eald
\\ on t you wait until I can communicate with
ii. s K-oplt and jret a lawyer, etc.. as I. do not
Vv.cw anything of the circumstances?" He said
He could do bo as a lavor to me. although )t
nzi, unusual. I asked if I could have an In
tcrsiew with the boy and he said: "Yes he
would phono me the n>xt day" <Mondav>. ' h»
then left and phoned me Monday a little brfori
32 and tvA me to be down there at 12. X went
jiowr. to the Hall of Justice and inquired for
him. but h.' van not there. He was found in
a few minutes and took me lipstairs to sea
the prisoner. I saw him and as::ed«.him about
the- case and he told me he was innocent. I
told him innocent or guilty to tell misihe whole
SAID HE HAD A CINCH.
t Mj ' r - arne ls Mr*. Elizabeth V. Darline and
I T'-rldf fet 913 Ellis Etr<v»t. I flm bVcanfe ao
5" a!r i ed w i5 h Off £ cr L^insts whw TZ caned
• £w - v a *° u eu n da y afternoon between :s
and 4 o clock. wh*n he said that he was sent
to me by Captain Beymour. I *al<I- "In retard
to what?" He «i<l: "\ Ve n. there Is a young
man namc-d Mc\Vi!li a m 8 whom I understand
ha* a room bore." I Ka id: "X o there Is no
FEio. Well he is arrested and is in trou
ble under the name of McWilliams but his
real name is Johnnie Crothers. I arrested
him for obtaining cigars under falge represen
tations and caught him with them." I ea id
i«?s, I know him and his family well- hla
mother Is a dear friend of mine." Then he
Bald that Cai-taln Sej-inour requested him to
tcarch his room to see if he could find any
evidence against him. or any stolen property
and to get a statement from me as to what I
knew about him.
Ortv-!s<r^ 'T Ett! i Ca I>taln of Detectives.
r«X r"t- U i Ac U n * und€r instructions and ao
«Hfci*aied by Dttectlve Sergeant T L Ryan
*•<; v,-cnt to BU Eddy street at li-40 am'
EfcffS! to J n^view Mrs. Darling In re":
Cffl^Li'S of bribery made against
<S5-?n__ H\- L ? rlng * ln Po »ce Court No 1
52 q ift, .». e * made the foll <>*- f ni? state
rtmfl Mr! n w, Ktatem<?nt ™« made and
Inl ™ T*' . Dar , lln S "quested Detective Rvaa
sn4 myself to view the premiss wherein "the
f ™n 2 n ? n % look place - whicl » we EubVe-
Qaeatljr did. Respectfully T L RY\N
O. H. HETKEMAN Servant.
Stenographer Police Department.
MBS. DABLING'S STOBY.
Kelly represents A. Seymour, a cle-k
U himpsons drug store, who was arrested
ecme days ago by Levings for sellinc
cocaine without a physician's license!
lxeily claims that Levings arrested his
thent May € «nd that on May 7 Levings
came into the drug store and tried to
fii-nd Seymour up for $10 on the pretext
that It was only a borrow. Seymour told
Levings that he could not let him have
Hie money, and while they were discuss
ing the matter Simpson, the proprietor
came m. Simpson let Levings have the
V £ e K t nd , th^ Iatte »" came around and
laid it back the next day.
-*'£l et , T Wit . tman ¦"•"! ' bring charges
t c } * P^ii Lc ;: tn « s .**. the n ext meeting of
tl.? Police Commissioners.
Mrs Darling, the most important wit-
Ji'-es in the case, was unable to attend
Sited K$T T P y ' £ Ut CaptaSn Seymour d£
If. 5l,?l tectn 'e Rran and a stenographer
° ffiC liKC h}Cf ° f r ° nce - San Fran dsco, May 14.
The case then went over until next Sat
uraay. In the meantime damning evi
dence on other charges of extortion is be
fcmning to. accumulate against Levings.
Aftei the accused policeman left Judge
slogan's court he walked into the corri
at-r. where he engaged in a disgraceful
Wordy war with Attorney Kelly, during
whicji Kelly made the staement that Lev
• s ? n would have to answer other charse«=
ct attempted extortion. V
At this juncture Judge Mogan asked if
Ltvings mentioned the name of any par
ticular Judge. The witness replied, "No.
ho did not."
An adjournment was then taken until 2
o'clock in the afternoon, at which time
August Augenblick Mas called to the
Kand. Augenblick is a liquor dealer, and
Crothers was employed by him at the
lime of his arrest. Augenblick testified
that Livings called upon him and tried
to get him to induce Mrs. Darling to pay
to him the sum of $150 to drop the case.
Au^enWick. stated that Levings was -will
te£ to reduce the charge to petty larceny
ii Mrs. Daring would put up 5150. Levings
said a portion of the money was to go to
the Judge.
John A. Douglass, a clerk in General
Salomon's law- office, was next called as
a witness. He in substance substantiated
The Ptcries tcld by Klemmer and Mrs.
Darling. Douglass testified that he was
behind a glass door in Mrs. Darling's
house when Levings made the proposi
tion to "square" the case for 1150.
C0BE0B0SATIVE TESTIMONY.
If Levings had been trying to extort
money from Mrs. Darling or anybody
else," explained Chief Wittman, "I knew
inat the facts would come out at the
trial, so I told Levings distinctly that I
would insist on a vigorous prosecution of
iht case."
Chief Wittman further testified that
when Levings told him of what occurred
at Mrs. Darling's house he informed Lev
ings that he would insist upon a vigorous
1". rot-ecu tion of the case, and. that if there
~tt a Job of any kind in it it would come
out In court. Chief Wittman also stated
mat Levings was detailed on the case by
Lieutenant Birdsall.
When the case of Crothers was called
lor further prosecution yesterday morning
Chief of Police Wittman testified that at
the time Levirgs made the arrest he was
not acting under his (Wittman's) orders,
and -that Levings visited Mrs. Darling's
house entirely on his own responsibility.
\\ lUman said that he knew nothing about
l.e-Anss' visits to Mrs. Darling until Lev
ings called him out of the meeting of the
Police Commissioners and told him that
ilrs. Darling and her friends were trying
to job him.
Policeman L. L. ~ Levings, accused of
trying to extort money from Mrs. C. E.
barling to "square" the case of J. E.
Croihcrs, charged with having stolen a
ease of cigars from M. A. Gunst & Co.,
had an unpleasant time of it yesterday
before Judge Moxan.
Mrs. Darliug Gives Details of
Alleged Attempted
Extortion.
"Well, what have you done, Mr. Levings?'.' I
then said. "I see you booked - the boy for
grand larceny," and he said, "What could I
do — did I not explain to you he would have to
plead guilty to petty . larceny?" He said^he
had fixed and arranged everything with the
Judge, but that I had nearly upset his plans
and that if I weren't careful I would upset all
his plans. I said I had nothing to do with
any lawyers going down to see the boy. I
then said, "Now to the point." I said, "I've
got this money," looking him squarely in the
face, but can't you do it for $100? These peo
ple are very poor," and he said, "No"; that
ho had already fixed it with the Judge, which
would cost $50, and that It was worth his
position or risking his position If this was
found out, and -that he would not give up his
position for over $1500, and that Wittman had
already begun to get suspicious because he had
not charged the boy. Then I said, : "W r ho is
the Judge?" and he said, "Don't ask me any
names. All you have to do is to give me the
money and the case will come ud to-morrow
and the boy will be serving his time, six
months, to-morrew at 11 o'clock." I said,
"What guarantee have I If I give you $150
and the boy does not set off with petty lar
ceny.and gets ten years instead?" I then said
I would go out and get the money. Before he
could reply he stood up and sot nervous and
confused and said to me, "Wlmt have you pot
in there? I Bee a shadow of a head on the
door." and at that Douglass and Klemmer
stepped in, and Mr. Klemmer said to me,
"No, you won't give him one nickel. I am
that boy's friend and am putting up the money
for him and I don't propose to see you black
mailed." It looked as though there was going
to be trouble and so I stepped back and heard
no more of the conversation until I heard Mr.
Lev-ings say. "Good night, Mrs. Darling," In
a very sarcastic manner.
During- one of my conversations with Lev
ings he told me he had a "pull" with" the
Chief and that he was the Chief's right-hand
man, and told me he had originally been a
newspaper man. On Monday evening at my
house he wrote his address on an envelope,
which I herewith hand you (and which Is
hereto attached), stating when I had the
money to call him up at that address. I make
this statement freely and voluntarily, without
ahy promise whatsoever, and declare the same
to be the truth word for" word Just as the
occurrences above mentioned took place.
(Simed) E. V. DARLING.
Witnesses: O. H. Heynemann, Detective T.
L. Ryan.
At the second session of the Subsidiary
High Court of the Ancient Order of For
esters of America, held yesterday, a dis
patch from Past High Chief Ranger S.
McMullin of- Reno, Nev., congratulating
the order on 'the advance it has made in
the last two years,' was read. •
A. Li. Cauvel of Walla Walla, F. W:
Matteson of Stockton ¦ and H. Way of
Eureka were :. appointed; a committee to
prepare a fraternal greeting to be for
warded to the Grand Lodge of Odd Fel
lows, now in session in this city.
There was a prolonged discussion of the
proposition to admit the Companions of
the Forest to the privileges of the en
dowment feature of '• the order. It was
•argued that the mortality among women
ls.no greater than among men and that
therefore the women were not greater
risks. After a full consideration of the
matter the proposition to allow lady com
panions to participate in the fund was
carried by a vote of 142 to 8.
At noon the Orand. Court officers and
"delegates were escorted to the Mint steps,
where they were photographed in a group.
At the afternoon session the proposition
to abolish the office of permanent secre
tary, as at present. existing, and make the
office elective, was discussed and it was
fecided not to make a change.
By a vote of the High Court the sum of
$100 was donated to the fund, for the Mar
tinique sufferers and the permanent sec
retary, John Falconer, was instructed to
send a circular letter to each court in the
Pacific Court Jurisdictibn requesting do
nations to that fund.
In the i evening the High Court officers
gave instructions in the initiatory and
secret work to the delegates.
- To-day the. officers for the ensuing term
will be chosen and in the evening there
will be a banquet in the A. O. F. building.
we waited a considerable lejigth of time,
when the bell rang at about 8:30 or 8:45 and
Officer Levlngs came.
I came out to receive him.' My- Jap opened
the door and took him in the parlor. I had
arrangements made with Klemmer and Doug
lass that they should stand behind the door
and listen to every word- said. They could
hear distinctly every word said. I said first..
LEVINGS IS CONFRONTED.
Mr. Klemmer overheard this conversation
word for v. r ord, as I wut him where he could
hear It, as I wanted a witns-sa. I am not sure
whether Mr. Au*tenbllck listened or not. On
Tuesday, the following day, Levlngg phoned
me about 1 or 2 o'clock that the boy had been
charged, and said, "Are you ready and are ail
arrangements madei because I- don't want, to
ri»k cominjc up there?" I. said, "Yes; if you
mean business and are sincere I'm ready for
you." He said he would be here in the even
ing. In the meantime Mr. Augenblick had
seen General Salomon and Mr.' Douglass and
sent them to see me. The young man Klem
mer brought .tthem up to my .house .after they
had Interviewed fin nrlaoncr. Mr. - Klemmer,
Mr. Autrenblick and the prisoner had told Mr.
Douglais and General Salomon about the prop
osition of money made by Officer Levlnics . to
me. They came up h*re apd had an hour's
Interview with me. ¦ I repeated to them word
for word the conversation I had with Officer
livings relative to the money, and they aeked
me if I had a witness. Mr. Klemmer spoke
up and said, "Yes; I heard every word of it —
every word of it." I raid, "He Is to be heri?
to-night (Tuesday), as he call* it 'for the
dough,' and it remains to be seen whether he
calls for It or not." They then told me he had
charred the boy with grand larceny Instead
of petty larceny, as he had promised; and I
sa.14 that he could not be charged with petty
larceny as long a» the boy would not plead
pulltv. but that he had agreed to fix It with
tha .Tud*<» to reduce the charge to retty I lar
«-<•-- • •«?.?*•• next tr'il of the. ess*. Then Gen
eral Salomon said that I must have witneRse3
here this night when I tender him the money,
and be agreed to have Douglass and Klemmer
i.v.t. 'jm.ii incy left. <. Mr. . Douglass then re
turned In the evening at' about 7 M0. 'Mr.
Klemmer cams in a f*w minutes afterward.
I then went to Mr. Augenblick, the
boy's employer, and Stated, exactly to
him what the officer had stated to
me. The reason I did this was that
Mr. Augenblick had given the boy a very good
reputation and was willing to take him back.
Mr. Augenblick accompanied me overt to Mr.
Gunst's place on Kearny street, where I in
terviewed him and his partner, who treated
me very nicely. . I pleaded for the boy'« moth
er's sake and not for the boy, and told them
of their poverty, etc. I did not mention to
Mr. Gunst or his partner any conversation had
with Mr. Livings, but did repeat the entire
conversation relative to the 'money proposi
tion had with the officer to Mr. Augenblick.
He told me in response not to make any prom
l&es; that .he would come up in the evening
and see me. and asked me what time the
officer would be there. I told him. I then
came home. Mr. Augenblick called first .that
evening. My Jap opened the door at about ten
minutes before 8 (Monday). Both Mr. Klem
mer and Mr. Augenblick were in the dining
room when Officer Levings came— at about
8:30. Before Mr. Levings came Mr. Augen
blick said to me that I should have the officer
state the price that he wanted to "fix" .the
case, and I said, "Yes. I. will do that." Mr.
Kletnmer was- present at the time. Then the
officer came and I met him In the conversa
tion hall. He sat there, *nd I said, "Well,
what have you done?" He said. "1 have every
thing arranged, and if you have the 'dough'
I can 'fix* it, but if you have any one Inter
fere, such as shyster lawyers, and get the boy
not to plead guilty, I'll wipe my hands of
it, as Chief Wittman would begin to get sus
picious, as the boy should have been charged
before this." I said to him: "What is the
limit of ths money required?' And he ea.li!
that not one ntckel less than $150 would do, as
he had to "fix" the Judge. He further said:
"I will charge the boy In the morning-, as
there is no time to be lost, a3 things would
begin to look auspicious." I said: "I will
hear frcm his Jeople to-morrow (Tuesday) and
will have the money for you,' and asked him
what time he would be were. He said he
could not come in the day, but would come
the same time to-morrow evening (Tuesday).
He said: "Now, leave the rest to me; don't
interfere with It; yofl make the boy plead
guilty tcr> petty larceny and have the 'dough'
here to-morrow, and J'll have the boy in the
County Jail to-morrow by 12, serving his
time." I said, "All right," and he left.
WANTED THE "DOUGH."
He asked rae to send this to his aunt and
that he could square the case for $50. I ' sent
the telegram and also phoned and also "sent
a letter with a special delivery stamp, which
the boy wrote. After leaving the boy Officer
Levings came over and escorted me down
stairs (he was not present at the time I had
the Interview with the boy in the prison), and
he said, "Well, he's guilty, all right." I said
"I don't know about that: I am going to do
all I can for him, for the sake of his mother "
He then said to me: ."If he will only have
sense enough to plead guilty to petty larceny
(as he has been in trouble before) It could
be 'fixed' for very little, ana he would only
have to serve six months, less two for good
behavior, in the County Jail, instead of ten
or twelve years across the bay." I said:
"What do you mean by 'fixed' " ? He said
that for a. very little money, for a very lit
tle consideration, that he had the pull and
influence, that he could fix it by charging him
with petty larceny. I then said: "How much
will it take?" And he said: "Find out how
much you can get." I said I would think
it over and let him know. He told me he
could not tell how much It, would be to "fix"
the case. He said: "I can't talk to you
down here, but I will come up to tee you;
what time will you. be home this evening
(Monday)?" I said I would be home any time
and that he could come up. and that I would
then tell him definitely what I could do, as I
intended to leave no stone unturned to help
tha boy. Iasked htm if he would phone me,
and he said It was best not' to; that he would
be up there that night. 1 lert Him at the Hall
of Justice about 1 o'clock.
In addition to locating and incorporat
ing the claims, the party established
small trading stations at Toteca and Su
mutingni. which, are on the river several
miles above Managua, the capital of the
republic.
facts so I could communicate with his peonle
at once He went into the details of the af
lair which convinced me he was not as guilty
as Officer Levtngrs told me he was. The bov
?*¦ : v *?"" ow - Mrs - Darling:. I am Innocent o"f
this, but can square this thing for a little
lr5OI Jj y «' , He sald that the officer (Levings)
could fix it if he would agree to plead guilty
to petty larceny, which would give him six
months In the County Jail Instead of ten of
twelve years across the bay. The officer asked
the boy how much money he could rai«=e The
boy said he did not know, but would have a
talk with me to communicate with his people
The boy then wrote the following telegram,
which he aeked me to send (original of which
Is hereto attached): "I am in trouble in Hall
of Ju6tlca, innocently accused. I can square
the whole thing for $50. Send me that amount
by telegraph to Mrs. Darling. 013 Eddy street.
P. E. Crothers."
To Mrs. M. Tt. Small, Twelfth and K streets.
Sacramento. •'.-¦ .
¦At Panama they secured the services of
Roderick McKinnon, an 'expert • miner,
who w«^s the oflly survivor of another
less fortunate expedition. Taking , with
them a tiumber of natives as guides and
laborers, the three white men covered on
their trip a great stretch of practically
unexplored territory.
Hornlein states that there is a great
deal of gold in the country, but that the
facilities for mining are meager and in
adequate. To conduct a paying business,
he says, It is necessary to invest a .large
amount of capital. The backers of the
enterprise, who wish to withhold their
identity from the. public for the present,
have expressed themselves as satisfied
with ¦ the ..results ; which have been at
tained by. the young men, and have ar
ranged to finance the. scheme. Machinery
and other- necessary equipments will be
purchased immediately and shipped to
Nicaragua where. Nicol, who remained
behind, will receive and set up the ap
paratus. Active work on the mines will
not be commenced until November on ac
count of the difficulties incident to the
rainy season.
Hornlein, in company. with J. M. Nicol.
left this city last January ' for Central
America iri the interests of a number of
local capitalists. It has long been known
that there are extensive gold deposits in
Nicaragua, and those- interested "in thq
present enterprise determined to conduct
an exhaustive research for some rich "gold
district which would be easily accessible;
Hornlein and- Nicol were supplied -with
plenty of capital and directed to spare
neither trouble or expense in attaining
the end desired. .; ¦-• •
Alvin E. Hornleln, deputy clerk of the
Supreme Court,; returned to this city on
the steamer Guatemala yesterday from
an extensive prospecting tour over tho
northern half of- Nicaragua. He states
that he and his companions have- located
several valuable gold claims in the moun
tain districts X)t that country, and that at
the dose of the present rainy season they
v.1Il begin to operate the mines on a large
scale. ¦ . . . ••¦ . • ;; ...'.- . . " ; ¦
Second Session of the Sub
sidiary High Court
Is Held. » •
Witnesses Corroborate
the Statements of
Klemmer. @
Mining on New Discoveries
Is to Commence in
November.
Foresters Agree . That
Companions Shall
Be Insured.
Alvin Hornlein Locates
Several Claims'in
Nicaragua.
TELL STORY
OF LEVINGS'
BOLD GAME
VOTE PRIVILEGES
TO THE LADIES
RETURNS WITH
TALES OF GOLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, : MA^ 15, v 1902.
11
[RUM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
/ .
A car-load of Call Superior
AtlaacM lias arrived and they
are now ready tor diatrllm-
tlon. All Mnbacrlbersi to The
Call are entitled to a copy ot
tlifsj great book at tlie prem-
ium rate of f 1 CO. Oat of
lonn subscriber* desirfae a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium tvUI be snppllcd on re-
ceipt of $1 SO. All mall
orders will be ahipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
ID '
Only those who use it
know the luxury of it..
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world. . /
-Established over ioo years.
\ ¦IIIMIIIISIIIWIMl|»S__ j^2^^|^^l
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND -YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the TuolUmne
Big Tree Grove.. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2^ hours first afternoon and
it hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte' Valley
B r>. m. Send for illustrated , folder. WM J
WHITE Gen-1. Agent, 630 Market st., opposite
Palace Hotel, S. • F. : t*I. ¦ Slack 3571.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
. Fishing; boats: excellent table; climate per-
fect;-. 10 mlle a from Truckee, In an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler office 20
Montgomery st.',, or . MRS. H. M.' CLEMONS
Truckee, . Cal. _ ¦ ¦ ¦
' . JOHANMSBEftG. -
N THE NAPA REDWOODS: NEW. HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air;' hunting,
fishing, ' swimming- and boating; terms-reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR., prop., ¦: OakVllle, Napa County,- or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.-
I ...NAPA ... J Ka Pa County, J
I SODA SPRINGSJ Cal - g
rr OR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
»* Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths.' Shetland Ponies and Bur-
' ros for Children. Two trains daily, 7 :30 a. m.
and 4 p. m. Address i /
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, | Napa Soda Springs.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND/
3 l / 2 Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantasres. attractions end amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna, Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most onenomenal
fishing" and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; " Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ide*l Camu Life: Com-
plete. Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dnncinc. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Touris,t Informa-
tion Bureau. 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco. Cal. ___^_
HOT SPRINGS
For rest, health and pleasure, scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver
and Stomach Troubles stands unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs. Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds. Trains leave Third
and Townsend streets 0 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
dally. . For pamphlets and rates address
R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor,
s ' Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
INFATUATION,
•Like paralysis, may be all on one side, but
when It takes effect on both ' sides it's a
dead gone case. - .
mi SPRINGS, Napa Co.,
Infatuates its patrons and cures paralysis.
Write for booklet.
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.'
• '¦¦•¦ ' •
(SHASTA" REGION.). '. .'
Sets best table in. the north (no Josh), $12 per <
week; tenting for housekeepers.
'. '.. .-..':.¦ . . h. o. wickes,
Castella, . Shasta Co., Cal.
CAMP CURRY!
Personally managed and the cheapest 11-day
trip to Yosemlte offered; $49 yla Big Oak Flat;
$45 50 via Santa Fe route. No extras for
meals, sleeping car, side trips, Big Trees or
anything.
rOSEM/TE,
GRANT'S.
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, . croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg. First floor, one person in room, $£> per
week; two In a room, $16 per week. Second
rlcor, one person in room. $8 per week; two ln
a room, $14 per week. Will also furnish tents
to those desiring. Single person in tent, $tf
per week; two In a tent, $10 per week. Buy
tickets to Grant Station. Address MRS. A. F.
GRANT, Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
fv _- H ____. J _„_, _ M In the heart of the Santa
Rowardennanj-^rrvj"
for a daily talt water swim. Redwoods and aea breezes
— a Wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
! Peck's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben I.omond, Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
TibUron ferry, 7:30 a. m., 3:80 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. . Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery ft., or A. V.
MORSE, Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting: nev
tennrs court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Gulphur Springs are known to all.'" Send
for new pamphlet O. j WEISMAN. Midlake
P. O.. Lake County, or call at^offlce of C. N.
W. R. R. Co., 050 Market st. . .
HOWELL MT, ) WOODWORTH'S
Residence of 27-year3; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etd. No tog. TermB $7
per week. Address W00DW0RTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena, Cah ., : .
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known ; as California Hot Springs.' So-
S norna Valley. No staging; via C. It. Ry. or S.
PR. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$110. Telephone: many Improvements;' $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agua Callente. Cal. '
HOPriN SPRINGS.
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on tho hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett "Spring, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Plearant View is attain run by the • owner,
MRS. HOPPIN.- -
SARATOGA SPRINGS
¦ Better than ever this year.' Booklet. and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R; offlce, e5rt. Market,' or John Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. ¦ ;
LAWRENCE VILLA.
: Town ¦;-. Home," Bonoma.. Will meet guests.
Pleasant- location: ~ Plenty shade; : nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Bonoma. Sonoma County, Cal;
* . HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,
Ean Mateo, Cal.. • is now under .new rnanagc-
. men t. livery thing ¦¦ first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. . Clubhouse, '. bowling alleys, billiards,
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
Ing, etc. Rates on application. WRENN / &
SPAtJLDINQ. Proprietors.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta highest point in Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone . Monday... Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves 8. F.O a.m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.-
HOTEL LA HONDA.
fStTUATED IN ¦' THE REDWOODS. GOOI>
*- 'trout fishing. Season now Open. Long dis-
tance phone. - MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda.
6an ; Mateo County, Cai. .
Springs
.LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Care for Stomach, Liver and Kid*
ney Tr sables. Kot what I say. but wtut tis
people say. . . - . :¦
RECOMMENDED BT THE LEADUfO PHT-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
. . Elevation, 3300 feet.
Hates, $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Tickets at S. P. office, foot ot Marist street,
direct to the Springs.
DR. W. B. PRATHER. Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM A CO.. 222 Sutter street.
B. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. E.; stage from
Uklah. Call or address
WITTER.P.O.,Lake Co., CaJ.
Main office and water depot. 818 Market-
street, room 64, city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager. •
SOLID C031F0RT HOME £S5S? v %> l ?r
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Lars*
orchard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold batha.
Spring water. Rates, $t week up. Stage meet*
trail). SCHULER & SCHEBEN. Napa. Cal.
VICHY SPEI1TGS— 3 miles from Ckuu.
? Mendoclno Co. Natural el«ctrto water*,
champagne baths. Only/ place ln tha world ot
this class of waters having continuous flow ot
natural warm water diract from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first cla-s*.
J. A. REDEMEYER ¦£ CO.. Props.
RICHARDSON'S -SPRINGS — Tea
miles from Chico. Cal. Noted for being a
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
eto. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prep.. Chico. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable ln Lake
Co. : contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful eures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; nsw
gymnasium, bowline alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-tria tickets. 8. P. offlce.
t8. J. A. HAT8. Prop.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room In county; new myrtle cottage: hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennlo, bowling; free teams daily to
our mineral sprinsa. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE. IS miles from Caxa-
dero. — Grand redwood as* mountain scenery;
good trout? fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Daily mall, sta^e from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R. and stage. $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttringer, Sea View. Sonoma Co., Cat.
MONO THE PINES— ALTITUDE 201* FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of cream.
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Camping grounds.
Telephone. Rates $0 and $7 per week. Address
Robt. F. Warham. Applegate. Placer Co., Cal.
HOTEL- DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mrs.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 60. M. 3.
COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RAXCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located ln th* SanU
Cruz Mountains. C miles from Capltola. Good
table board, bunting and fishing. Address C
D. 'WEBB. Soquel. CaL
OCEAN VILLA. HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
Santa Crux. Good fishing, beating, batn-
inir dancing: electric lights: extensive grounds;
free bus. Rates $7 to $10. CLARK & ELSOM.
OOMS AND BOARD IN SCENIC PARK
Tract, for summer boarders; prices reason-
able. Address 2314 Hilgard ave.. Berkeley.
Cal.; tel. -Mason 1223.
THE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishtflg. Best deer hunting ln the State,
$7 to $3 per week. Jerry Lierly. Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort «n
Boncifonte drive. & miles from Santa Crua:
daily mall, fishlnc. home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cru».
ANN AD ALE FAB3I. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to lee.- fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. ! H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Posto£flce. . CaL
GARDEN CITT SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, ma*-
fags. X-ray. YFrite for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano. Sonoma
County, Cal. Terms. $1.00 p«r- day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot rala- .
tral springs near by. Peter Gouallhard'ou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL snd cottages: 75 rms.:
Santa Crui. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Frea bus. Long dlst. nhone. Fred Barson. Prop.
KING'S RANCH- Six miles from Caxadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Term!". $10 a week; Xamily
rates. Address VTM. KING. Cazadsro.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guerne villa.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and inmroved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. OuernevUIe. Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, home - cooking, $3 per week.
P. DISQUE. Loa Gatos. Cal.
STAGE LINES A1ID LIVERIES.
AKEPORT^AND BARTLETT SPRING3
STAGE LINE. — Hopland to BarUett
Springs, via ¦ Lakeport. carrying passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stages
connect with trains at Hopland. Leave Hop*
land at 12:30; arrive, at Lakeport at 3:30; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-hors*
14-passenger tourist wagons,* made to order for
this stage line, with 'all the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through th»
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's, Wurr'v.
Eellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train, 34
and Townsend sts.: 0:20 a. m. from San Jot*
Add. V/ ALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. CaL
17 IRI B CTAPT EC Uklah. Tourists, eamp-
CAULCMAliLcOcrs. hunters. Write t«
H. A.-Eldrad.for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregcrio, dally all year; twice s> day to Ha'.N
moon Bay. Lvs. San Matefr 10a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WTL-
llts — Tourists, campers, hunters, writ* J.
H. Smith. Uklah. Bmlth & Taylor. WllMts. for
any kind of a turnout. •
HUMBEIiT STAGES— Short route to th»
Geysers; 3 hours' staging. Flrst-ctaea livery
stable ln connection. C. E. Hnmb'ert. Cloverdale.
GILROT Fashion Livery; good service; reaa.
rates. Ofc. Gilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayocte.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposita depot.
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
ANTA CRUZ— San Lorenso SUbU* ftf^
lah rls». Re&ona&l* prism _-_^_ ..
liiuiiJLi liiiii or lull u o
AL\VAY^G]PEN.
Ths famous health and ."'Pleasure resort ot
Lake County. Finest .waters for.-, the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALAKIA; RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. ': Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMIN-.J TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trip j
in Mountains or Valley. -.'•¦•' : : - :*..;;'. - : ;
NOTE SPEClAfc ? RATES.J
One person In room, "small hotel" .'$l6 per week
Twopewons in room, "smaU hotel".$l» per week
Ono Deraon in room, "cottages"... $11 per week
Two persons ir. room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person ln room, "MAIN HOTEL"....* '
i $12 and S14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"... :
„ ..' $20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets., photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, .or The Traveler. of-
fice, 20 Montgomery., st., -or writer direct ' to
CRAIG & WARNER,. Highland Springs, ; Lake.
Co., . Cal. . -..-_: ¦.;.:..--;.¦;..'.'.!.-¦
Cr~ ' ' : ' : "- \ '"-" : • : '-'--" : "'
BARTLETT SPRINGS^-
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATFS Hotel 510 to $15 p-r week. iHousa-
nAlLO. keepicg Cottages $3 to $15 pfr week.
Bend Tor illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co. t
AMUSEMENTS. o •¦• „
GEORGE WATSON, manager Of amuse-
ments; .Hahn'B Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet. Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Plnff P6ng,
LlVery, , Burros j Swimming Tank,. 20xS0;
Hot Water, Vapor, Tub, Mineral t and
Roman- Baths; competent ¦ Massaglsts;
Guides,- Dogs and. Horses for Hunting and "
Fishing; Shady Drives and Walks. ;
BARTLETT/SPRINGS CO.. "•
- ¦ P.. O. Bartlett Springs. •:,>• '• .'
Or, No. 2 Sutter Street. San Francisco.
O . , ' .... .. . ¦ ., V ; gi
0 If A f*r*t% HOT SPRINGS, SON0-
¦3 K M tJtrS MA county: omy 4^
\JM\rlUU%J ; hours from San Fran-
- -Cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtue* ;
best natural hot, mineral water bath, in State;
boating and swimming In Warm Springs Creek;
good trout' streams; 'telephone, telegraph", -dally
ms.ll, express. and San . Francisco . morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning, and after-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 8:30 p. m. .Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rales $2
a day or fl2 a week.'-. References, any guest
of tha rast seven years. Patronage of . 1001
unprecedented. Information- at- San ¦ Francisco
office. 12t Phelan bldg. ; Tourist. Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery St. :~ also at Traveler
t-ffice, - 20 Montgomery St., 5 or of J. ¦ F. MUL-
GIIEW. Skaggs. Cal. _ . -
ftyron J$ot Springs
GB^ CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.— New
hotel open May 1. All mod«rn improve-
ments and most perfect appointments. Fine
suites with mineral bath attached. These
wonderful waters and hot mineral and mud
baths cure Rheumatism and Malaria with-
out fall. Address MGR. LEWIS. Byron
Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
36 Geary St.. city. t .
W The seaside re«ort of Central California—
¦ enlarged and improved — rate« per day fi snd
1 upwards— open May jift — fine orchestra.
H Address for hotel, R. M. Briare. For cottages
¦ F. Reanier, Capltola, Cal. For general infor-
D mation, Peck's Information' Bureau, II Mont-
1 Jk_ g° m e f y Street, San Francisco*, Cal. : '
ORCHARD SPRINGS SSZS53
C. P. R.R.. lie mil*, from S*n Frucltco. Noti>«inr Pli: n
? U !t*.r? tr ***» *"* li , i "»«'y. w»t*r. moaat.in »ir. frnlt mud ellr»»t«
ta C»IlfoTBi». Idwl foreit. eronndi »i,rt «nrronndlni.. f S a week
Send f.r booklet. ORCHARD SPRlN GS, ColtJ, cj.
- THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitfs
„„.„¦ School will be open to summer
iMOlNLO guests during June and July.
D iDV Buperior climate, excellent
rAKn, table;, reasonable prices. Ad-
dress IRA G. HOITT.
SEIGLERSPRIi«GS=H^
era unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stom-
ach diseases. Swimming, billiard!!, dancing; $8
to $12 week. Offlce, 11« Grant ave., or Selgler
Springs. Lake Co.. H. MeGOWAN. prop.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, v
. Nearest place to S.'F.. 2\< t hours; 5 -miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur, baths; cure rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. 'Lake- for .boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo. Cai. -
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell' Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; daily
mall; croquet; re?, bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $3 pet* week. ¦¦¦ Writ*
MRS. J. H. QOETBCHE. Angwln. Cal. ;
KLAMATH HOT SPR1NCS. .
S Finest fishing, hunting and health report on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.-
Rates. ?2 and '(2 SO per day; $10 to. $14 per
weak. Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery st.,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswlck. SIsklyou
County. Cal.- " ' ¦/ : ; ' ...< .
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
¦ Near the- ocean. Fishing in , only mountain
trout stream In San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
Pur.lBsima, San Mateo Co., Cal. .;¦ ¦ • •
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming: resort In 'tha Santa Crua iltj.;
2 hours from 6an Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimminsr and all sports: table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on tho coaat; open
all, the year. . A, • S. OLNET, Manager. ¦ : .
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; bost- medicinal
watars in the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendoclno Co., Cal.
FOREST HOTEL,
. ;v- V'.-; ¦• 'A1MA.- : ,
Santa- Cruz Mountains.- Good trout '- fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. -B. BO^IME. Prop.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los : Gatos. ' | First-class hotel; large^grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amuaements.
Opposite ' depot. ¦ Malpas &' Cosgrove. • .-
HOTEL EL MONTE,
;. V LOS QATOS.
¦. Under new management. ' Novr open far
business. Rates. $8 to $16 per weok. , - ,
/¦>,. TROUT FiSHINC.*
' ' Best jn State at'. BOCA, CAL.
For - information address Boca ' Hotel. ¦ Boci,
Nev. Co.. Cal.. on '.TRUCKEB. RIVER.: .-:;..
TAMP T A VI ftR HOTEL, camp cottages
Wailll, 1AILUH and. grounds, private pic-
nics,' bowling . alley,' tennis, .boating, trout fish-
Ing, -telephone. 'Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H.' G. MARTIII, . Proprietor.
WISDOM CONSISTS in doing the right
; thins at tbe rlffhttlme. ,
WE AHE .. AIL WISE-aftex— ard-
¦Vwhen it;is too late. • ¦ - : ¦-.; 7
THE TIME to take care of your health
is when yttti have it. . . ;; '. :
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get Int© a
rut or. groove, either physically or men-
v tally.^ . ' : h ¦-; : - :i ¦-.; .::¦."•_._. ; ;
BREAK the monotony that makes so
many men and women old lone: before
thfcirtime.v . ' •¦""'• ¦': -
TAKE an occasional trip. .• — -
THE COUNTBY' along the California
Northwestern Railway is not the only
place to visit, but It certainly Is the
.best. • ] - .' ; ! .; ¦ . ; .
ITS LOCATION between the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious cli-
> mate which invites living in the open
; : ;air, and fills up the system with re-
"" newed energy.
CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book issued by the -California
North-western ¦ KallwaT ComvAnyr.
(The Picturesque Route of "^California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels. Min-
eral Spring Resorts,' and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $6.00 to
$8.00 per week. . " :.\' a
Ticket Offices, -630 Market St.. (Chronicle
Building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St General Office, Mutual Life
Building-, Sansorne and California Sts.,
San 1 Francisco. '
H. C. WHITING; Gen'l Manager.
R. X, RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
'¦'¦ TJf\T% '.'•' ' '-Nature's own seleo-
' r^i I W ¦ ' tJ<JI > tor •* health and
:.?*.*'*»'. pleasure resort be-
*««-¦ » -m rw-ifJT ¦ c *-use of th« curatlr*
riJrf.A I I- f*| ¦'- properties of its mud
SAiUAJj X MA . and sulphur baths for
' . m^»v' ' rheumatism, insom-
1 . :S\LJmJ llver.kldney and blood
••¦ diseases.. Has every
TNT "C A CT 7T\TU natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F, Atf.
EL SONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appolntel hotel ln Rus*
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating:; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. E. C CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor. • ¦ ¦
WILBUR KOT SULPFUIR SPRINGS,
Eulphuf Creelc. Colusa Co.." Cal., 28 miles by
stage west of "Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature us
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
fckln diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercurjr In system, dyspep-
eia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-stOi-y
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART
Proprietor. ' ' • ._
gfP TOCALOMA m arjn
¦ Bcrtrand Hotel; first-class accomodations ;
reasonable, rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MAKLOVK & WIFE (formerly Mrs
Leach), Proprietors.
" RUSSIAN RIVER. HOTEL.
: One mile from fatuous "Boheiulan Grove";
new management* all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
miik, cream and best of everythlng.i Address
C. F. CARH. Manager, Russian Hive*- station,
via Duncans Mill?. Cal. ¦ ¦ ¦
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSX-
tlve cure for -rheumatism, stomach troubla
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains.. Board, including baths, Ss
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Ilelena. Cal. '
THE GEYSERS. Vi'
. (Sonoma^County.) New management; rcoms
plastered ar.d hard finished; new furniture;
i-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing > ear
round; white help only; best llverr: cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE OPENS MAY 15th.
With ' many - additional - attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT
PAVILION.- RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. >
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO..
¦ ' Tallac. Cal.
Note — Positively no consumptives taken. .
BRCCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
,.. ; OPEN JUNE 1. ...... ;'
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take- . ---:.'••«.
* .'- THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO ;
Ovar our short cut. It meets the' morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
LAKE TAHOE.';
Laheside Park. Now open. Hotel, cottages
na* tents. Delightful camping grounds near
steamer landing; furnished tents to rent. For
descriptive circulars and terms address E B
Smith & Co.. Statellne P.O.. El Dorado Co., Cal!
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially rur-
nished cottages for campers. Writs' lor particu-
lars and. rates, D. CORRILLAND. proprietor.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. • Every thlnr n«w. 'Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing. " hunting. • Boats flshln*
tackle: saddle horses at moderate hire- *2 tt-r
day or $10. $12, • f 14 p«r week. Pcstoffloe. tel.
A. L. Frott. Rubicon Park.. Lake Tahoe.' Call
DEER PfRK INN AND COTTAGES
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; €507- feet elevation. 'Mineral sprlnga.
Take C p. m. train. S.F. Send for booklet
J.B. SCOTT, Deer Park, Cal.
""¦==-¦ -i-C^i^ «e->s5gs 1 **'" -£f*2§5&£- - <^S^^'~^^^^^^^^^° r '"'' * '''•¦• 'Z^^^Zi '¦' '"'VESSEL ' WHICH ARRIVED
YESTERDAY AFTER LONG
VOYAGE FROM HONOLULU.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Mrs. K. Witts, chairman. W. P. P.: Mrs.
E. J. Williams, W. P. P.; Mrs. S. E. Johnson,
W. P. P.; Mrs. S. Atkinson, W. P. P.; Mrs.
N. J. Stickney. W. P. P.: Mrs. E. Harries.
W V. P.; Mrs. A. Creba. W. P. P.; Mrs. P. A.
Williams, W. P. P.: Mrs. H. Williams, W. P.
P. : Mrs. R. Craumer. W. C. ; Mrs. R. Fisher,
Mrs. Ev Harrison. Mrs. J. Putney, Mrs. A.
Hemings, Miss Ethel Atkinson (organist) and
Mrs. M Jewitt.
Trustees— Mrs. S. Atkinson, S. .E. . Johnson
and M. Gulnan. .
Reception committee — Mrs. N. J. Stickney,
MrsE. J. Williams. Mrs. S. E. Johnson. Mrs.
A. E. Creba, Mrs. E. Harries. Mrs. E. Harri
son. Mrs. R. Craumer, Miss M. Barber.
Floor committee — Burnaby Lodge: P. C.
Woodhouse, floor manager; W. G.' Johnson. G.
E Fisher. Pickwick Lodge: S. Creba, H. J.
Ford. J. H. Coates. .
Empress Victoria Lodge No. 142, Order
Daughters of St. George, will give its
first anniversary entertainment and ball
In aid of the widows' and orphans' fund
this evening at Union-square hall, ihe
lodge was instituted in May, .1901, the
membership being made up of English
women, their daughters and granddaugh
ters or wives of the Sons of St. George
in good standing. The following pro
gramme, prepared by Mrs. E. J. Williams
and Mrs.; A.. Johnson, will be rendered:
Overture, orchestra; remarks,- Chairman Dr.
Z. T. Malaby; vocal solo. Miss Glllespie; song.
AV. Walker; dance. Miss Frances Robinson;
vocal duet, the Misses Williams of Oakland;
cornet solo. Miss Hazel Bone; duet. Messrs. W.
Walker and H, Williamson; vocal -solo. Mrs.
Ellen M. Marks; dance and song. Miss Maude
Sharp; song, Hugh Williamson; accompanist,
T. Nowlan. ¦
The following committees have the af
fair in charge and are working hard to
make it a success:
brate Its First Anniversary
This Evening.
Empress Victoria Lodge Will Cele-
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE
TO GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
Genevieve Parlor's First Hop.
Genevieve Parlor, the baby of the local
parlors of the Native Daughters of the
Golden "West, will give its first hop on
Saturday evening next In South San
Francisco Opera-house. .
The Golden Gate Park Emergency Hos
pital will be opened to-day by order of
the Board of Health. Chief Surgeon Ed
win - Bunnell of the emergency service
made the following assignment of sur
geons yesterday: Dr. Thomas D. Maher
is reHeved from duty at the Harbor Hos
pital and assigned as surgeon in charge
at this Park Hospital, with Drs. G. H.
Boskowitz and W. P. Harvey as assist
ants; Dr. J. V. Leonard is assigned to
duty at the Harbor station, in place of
Dr. Maher. 'For the present there will be
no stewards assigned to the Park Hos
pital, but three matrons will be provided
for the station. The building is situated
on Stanyan street, at the - southeast cor
ner of the park. .
Park Hospital Will Open To-Day.
This deal gives Mr. Hammond and his
associates control of all available timber
land in' the northern part of Humboldt
County.
This tract contains over 2,500,000,000 feet
of standing timber and embraces an area
of over 35,000 acres. In the amount of
money Involved and the stumpage con
veyed this transaction is, with the excep
tion of the Weyerhauser syndicate pur
chase in -1899 from the Northern Pacific
Railroad, the largest single transaction In
timber ever consummated on the Pacific
Coast. ' . ¦ .
NEW YORK, May 14.— The largest sin
gle transfer of timber lands ever made in
California has just been consummated by
the sale of the lands of the American
Lumber Company, on Redwood Creek, in
the northern part ' of Humboldt County,
to A. B. Hammond of San Francisco and
his associates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
This charge to the jury knocked tlie
I rops completely from under Ihe defense,
and the jury, after an absence of fifteen
minutes, returned to the courtroom with
a verdict of guilty as charged and a unan
imous recommendation to the mercy o*
the court, Duffy being a respectable look
ing young fellow.
The case was conducted for the Govern
ment by United States Attorney. Marshall
B. Woodworth and Third Assistant United
States Attorney Ben I* McKinley. The evl
uence showcl that Mr Foo arrived on the
Coptic 011 July sr> of last year In transit to
-the City of Jlsxico. His application to
pass i!iiviii|Mi. ihif. country was denieJ en
August 1 of the same year and he was
placed by the steamship company in the
detention shed, pending appeals and fur-,
ther proceedings. On January 30 of this
year an application was filed on his behal"
on the ground that Ma Foo was a native
of the United States. On the same date
Ma Foo was delivered to John Duffy by
M. S. Blackburn, Government watchman,
to be placed by Duffy In the custody of
the United States Marshal. Duffy took
Ma Foo in his express wagon to a photo
graph gallery on Kearny street and had
him photographed. Shortly afterward he
brought to the Marshal's office not Ma
Foo, but an old and decrepid Chinaman
who gave that name. The fraud was dis
covered by Deputy Marshal George H.
Kurnham, who happened to be in the pho
tograph gallery when the real Ma Foo
was brought in. "When Burnham found
the false Ma ' Foo in the Marshal's
office he was thunderstruck and immedi
ately reported the facts to United States
Attorney "Woodworth.
Duffy was ordered to appear for sen
tence on Friday morning at 10 o'clock.
Judge de Haven began by saying that
the presumption in the case of a China
man coming* from Hongkong to the United
States was that he was a subject of the
Chinese empire and not entitled to land '
in this country, and the burden of proof,
was upon the Chinese person to show that
he had a right to land. The Jury should
nut be governed by thej allegations of the
applicant in his petition for the writ of
habeas corpus.
The fact that the applicant" alleged that
he was a citizen of the United States
should not raise any presumption . what
ever that such was the fact. With regard
to the further contention of Duffy's coun
sel, Bert Schlesinger, that there could not
be any aiding and abetting the escape of
Ma> Foo because he was taken from the
detention shed at the Mail dock instead of
from the steamer Coptic, which brought
him here, Judge de Haven instructed the
jurv that Ma Foo had not been landed In
the United States so long as he remained
in the custody of the company owning the
sicamship which brought him to this port.
If. be had been detained in the detention
shed awaiting the determination of his
right to pass through this country in
transit or to remain here as a native-born
American, he had not been landed v/ithln
the ltftan'n" of the law.
The law defining the status of a Chi
nfse person seeking: admission to .the
United States was laid down tersely' and
clearly yesterday by United States Dis
trict Judge de;Haven when delivering his
tharfie ;o the jury in. the case of the
United States of America against John
Duffy, indicted for aiding and abetting in
ths Illegal landing of Ma Foo, a Chinese
person.
boldt Forests in New
¦ Hands.
Control of Northern Hum-
Burden of Proof Always Upon
Applicant to Establish
• ? His Rights/ A "
San Franciscan and As
sociates Make a Not
able Deal.
He Defines Legal Status
of Chinese Applying
for Admission.
JUDGE DE HAVEN
ON EXCLUSION
PURCHASE VAST
TIMBER TRACT
THURSDAY." MAY 15.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Hetght3 of . High and ' Low
¦ Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the . Superintendent. -
•NOTE-7-The high and low waters occur at
the city 'front .(Mission-street ' wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later; than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and , Tide.
¦,f Leslie"; M. Shaw, • Secretary ; of .the Treas
ury, has , issued *a"- circular, copies of
which ; have been received ¦ by. -.Customs
Collector Stratton,: suggesting that in or
der . to ? avoid > complaints • as 5 to » the ; soil-
Ing," of- personal"- effects ; • being, 'examined
lor '< dutiable ; purposes,' T customs inspectors
should 1 wear .white.; cotton • gloves 1 while
engaged", in.' such work; !
White Gloves . f 6t; Inspectors.-
Branch . Hydrographio . Office, ¦»• U. S. M.; Mer
chants' Exchange, .- San -Francisco, .Cal.,
• ! May 14/1902.' - .V- ' -¦ ¦ ¦. . \ .'¦•
' The Time Ball on 'the tower of '. the Ferry
building ; was - dropped exactly at ' noon to-day.'
i; e.: at noon 'of the 120th meridian. 1 or at 8
p. mi,- Greenwich .time.
. • ¦ ,\V.' H. STANDLEY, ;
: Lieutenant.' U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
: NOTE— In the above, exposition of - tho tides
the - early morning tides are - given in . the left
hand column and tho, successive -tides of the
day In the | order, of occurrence as to time ; tTfe
fourth; time column gives the. last -tide of the
day, except when there . are but three tides, a?
sometimes v occurs." The heights given are in
addition: to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the riumber
given is •¦ subtracted ; from . tho depth ' given :.by
the charts. • The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. • .
.PORT TOWNSEND— Passed outward May 14
— Br ship Arctic Stream,! for East London; 'Br
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 14— Stmr
San Pedro, hence. May 11 ; bktn Katie Fllckin
ser. from Port Loa Angeles; schr W J:Patter
eon." from San Pedro. ..- • . • . •• v -
. NEAH BAY — Passed out May 14 — Stmr Mel
vlllc Dollar, from Tacoma, for San Pedro; schr
G W Watson, from Port Blakeley, for . San
Pedro;. Br bark Peter Iredale, from ¦ Tacoma,
for Queen6town; Br ehip , Arctic Stream, from
Tacoma, for London. . . •¦.-¦¦. . ¦¦• .
DOMESTIC PORTS,
POINT LOBOS, May 14. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
May 11. lat B0 . N, . Ion 6 W — Br ¦ ship Ellis
land, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
April 24 r lat 1 N, Ion 23 W— Br bark Iverna
from Tacoma, for Cardiff. .
Stmr Edith, Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Coronado. | Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, .
Btmr Whltesboro, Olsen, *.
Ship St Francis. Murray, Puget Sound.
Bark James Nesmltli. Warner, Puget Sound.
Schr Volante, Arrey, .
Wednesday, -May 14.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow, San Pedro.
Stmr Eureka, Jeesen, Eureka. •, :, '•'.;" ¦ ¦'
Stmr' Coquille RJver, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr .Luella. Madsen. ¦ Caspar.
SAILED.
Wednesday, May 14.
Stmr State of . California, Thomas,' San
Diego: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br ship Bermuda, Korff, Queenstown; Girvln
& E; re. • - .
Bktn Archer, ' Calhoun, ' Honolulu; Welch
& Co. -... - - ,.,-¦.
CLEARED.
s,* : :";.'.' ¦"•* .". Wednesday, May 14.
Ktmr . Navarro, Devltt, 30 • hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, 32 hour* from Eurek*.
Stmr Lnella, Olsen, 40 hours from Redondo.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. ' 33 hours from
Ventura. ' • .
Stmr. Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, BO hours from
San Pedro and way ports.
Stmr S-'anta Barbara, Zaddaxt, 29 hours from
Santa Barbara.
Br stmr Guatemala, Harris, 42 days from
Valparaiso and way ports.
Ship ¦-Tames Drummond, Nason, 73 days from
Z&mboan^a. . .
Ship Paramlta. Backus, 85 days from New
castle, Aus. ¦
- Ship A J Fuller. \Haskell," 27 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn Wrestler. Nielsen, SI days' from Ka
hulul. • ..
Schr Fortuna. OUen, 4% days from Eureka.
Schr Marion. Topfer, .21 days .from .Tacoma.
Schr J M Weatherwax, Backman, 19 . days
from Tacoma.. . ' •
Schr J G Wall. Andersen, 7 daye from Eu
reka.
Schr Churchill, . Rosendall, 17 days from'Wll
j lapa Harbor. - -
i Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevig, 8 14 days from
I Eureka. !
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The British ship Bermuda was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with S9,22t
centals wheat, valued at $102,620. and 24.000
feet cf lumber as dunnage, valued at $360.
Wheat for Europe.
The rate of reinsurance on the American bark
Yosemlte. now out 143 days from Newcastle.
Australia, for Guaymas, wa* yesterday ad
vanced to 60 per cent.
Reinsurance Bate Advances.
Th« Harbor Commissioners at their regular
meeting held yesterday afternoon decided to
construct a drydock at an expense of $200,000
and ordered the chief engineer to prepare
FpeclBcatlons and' advertise for bids. The dock,
if built, will probably be located at th<» end
•if Center street. The San Francisco Ballast
Company want a location at the foot of Powell
street for ballast bunkers with a capacity of
1000 tons. The engineer said that it- would
cost $C500 to construct a suitable foundation
and suggested that if the request was granted
the owners be required to build and maintain
the foundation. The matter was laid over for
further consideration. . . . .
Will Build Drydbck.
George Bender of Bender Brothers, Third and
Berry streets, was arrested yesterday . at the
Instance of the Board of Public Works on the
charge of obstructing the streets. The Benders
rent their office premises from the Harbor Com
mithioner?. They have occupied and paid rent
for their present location for more than seven
t<*en years. The city claims 100 feet of the
prrmises rented by the Harbor Commissioners,
and as Bender refused to vacate until so or
dered by his landlord, the State, the city had
him arrested. After being balled out Bender
appeared before ; the Harbor Commissioners,
who promised their assistance In fighting or
compromising th« case. Bender informed the
board that his arrest was the result of personal
malice. The matter will come before Judge
CabaniES to-day.
City Arrests State's Tenant.
In r>ort Ar>rll 22, loading— Ship Elwell, for
Acapulco; Br bark Barpssa, for Honolulu; ship
Columbia, for Honolulu: ship Hawaiian Isles,
for Honolulu: Br ship Dimsdale. for Oregon;
ship Colony, foi* San Francisco; Fr' bark Com
mandant Marehant, for San Francisco; Br ship
Earl of Dunmore, for San/ Francisco; Dutch
ehlp Europe, for San Francisco: Br shin Gen
Gordan, for San Francisco; Danish bark Lau
ra, for San Francisco; ship John A Briggs for
San Francisco; Br shin Lord Cairns, for San
Francisco; Br bark MelanoDe. : for Ran Fran
cisco; .Br ship Os borne,, for San Francisco. •
DEAL— Passed May 13— Br ship Carmedd
Llewellyn, hence Jan 1, for Falmouth.
GRIMSBY— Parsed - May 13— Ger bark Tar
penbek, from Oregon, for Hamburg. ¦
OCEAN STEAMERS.,
. HONGKONG— Sailed. May 13— Stmr Gaelic
for San Francisco. ••-'.'¦
NAPLES — Arrived May- 14— Stmr Kaiserln
Maria Theresa, from NeV York, for Genoa •¦•• r
! QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 14 — Stmr
Haverf ord, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool
H NEW YORK— Sailed May 14— Stmr St Paul
for Southampton;. stmr South wark, for Ant
werp; stmr Germanic, for Liverpool.'
J : • V ' ¦ - "¦ : ¦•' :¦ '¦¦¦'¦
AGNES— Passed May 13— Br stmr Pak
Ling, from Hongkong, for Liverpool. » .
: NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed April : 17 Br
ship Fanny Kerr. for San Francisco. April 13
— Br shit) Port Caledonia, for San Francisco,
brie Geneva,- for Eleele. April 17— Br bark
Auldgirth, for San Francisco; Br ship Eulo
mene, for Sen Francisco. ' April 21 — Br ship
Port Crawford, for San Francisco. .. ;.:¦•"•
FOREIGN PORTS.
HILO— In port May 5 — Ship Falls of Clyde,
for San Francisco; bark Martha Davis, for San
Francisco. . . . ¦
KAANAPALI— Arrived April 27— Bark C D
Bryant, from Tacoma.
MAKAWEL1— Arrived May C — Schr Allen A
from Everett. May, 2— Bark Edward Mar,
from Honolulu. \
KAHULUI— To sail May 7— Br ship Kinross,
for Oyster Harbor; Br bark Antlope, for Oyster.
Harbor. . . • - : . ' -.
HONOLULU— Arrived May 6— Stmr Callfor
nian, from Seattle. May 3 — Schr Robert Lew
ers, from Port Gamble. May 4 — Bark Alden
Besse, hence May 13; bark Andrew Welch,
hence May J8j schr Kailua. from Newcastle,
Aus. Mav fi-^-Stmr Ventura, from colonies.
May 7 — Br utmr Doric, hence May 1." ' ¦
Sailed May 4 — Stmr Alaskan, for-Kahului;
schr Frank AV Howe, for Port Townsend. - May
6 — U S stmr Albatross, for cruise.
To sail May 6— Bark Nuuanu, for New Tork,
via Kahului. May 7 — Stmr Sonoma, for Aus
tralia; Br stmr Miowera, for Vancouver.-
ISLAND. PORTS.
Sailed May 14 — Schr J B Leeds, ( for San
Francisco; stmr Pomona, for San Fluncisco;
stmr Madrona, for San Francisco; stmr South
Coast, for San Pedro; stmr Brooklyn, for San
Francisco; stmr Alliance, for San Francisco-.
COOKS INLET— Arrived April 18— Ship Cen
tennial, hence March 24. . .
REDONDO— Arrived May 14— Stmr Noyo,
from Fort Bracz.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 14— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 13.
. EUREKA — Arrived May • 14— Bktn Mary
Winkleman, from Honolulu; stmr- North' Fork,
hence May 13.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 14— Schr Jennie
Wand, from San Pedro; schr Jes3le Minor,
hence May 9. .
Sailed May 14— Schr Western Home, for San
Francisco. . . .
Arrived May 14 — Stmr Robert Dollar, hence
May 10; schr Americana, from Oyster Harbor.
POINT RETES— Passed May 14, 5:30 p m—
Stmr W* H Kruger, from Tlllamook, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 14— Br bark Brunei,
for Queenstown.
Pat eed inward May 14 — Schr Americana and
bktn Retriever, from San Pedro; stmr Eureka,
from Seattle, for Honolulu; stmr Despatch,
hence May 10. for Seattle; stmr Robert Dol
lar, hence May 10, for Seattle.
Sailed May 14— Schr Compeer, for San Fran
cisco. .< • . •
Passed out May 14— Br stmr Manauense, for
San Francisco. . .- - -, ' !
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived . May 14— Ship
Spartan, hence May 1. ' - ¦¦¦¦•-¦ '
PORT HA DLOCK— Arrived May 14— Bktn
Retriever, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived . May 14— Stmr Al-Ki,
from SkaKway; stmr. City of Puebla, hence
May 11 : j=tmr Despatch, hence May 10; stmr
Tampioca, from Tacoma.
Sailed May • 14— Br. stmr Manauense.- for tit
beria.
bark Peter Iredale, for Queenstown; schr Car
rier Dove, for Esquimau.
-The Pacific Steam - Navigation- - Company's
Guatemala arrived yesterday from Valparaiso
with a large cargo and a score of cabin pas
sengers. The Guatemala called at Panama,
and when she left things were apparently in a
Peaceful condition, although the Government
forces were prepared for trouble - at any time.
The Guatemala, passed the wrecked freighter
Cheribon and reports that part of the latter" s
cargo lias been saved and that most of it got
off in marketable condition. .The Guatemala
left Valparaiso forty-two days ago.
Guatemala Arrives From Valparaiso.
Quite a fleet of windjammers appeared. oft
the harbor early yesterday morning and seven
of them managed to make port before sundown.
The first to pass in through the Golden Gates
was the ship A. T. Fuller, twenty-seven days
from Honolulu. She brought 47,350 bags . of
sugar. Head winds throughout » the passage
were responsible for the long voyage. The
barkentine Wrestler, thirty-one days from Ka
hulul, was another vessel that fought her way
from the South Seas in the teeth of northeast
erly winds. The cithers of the sailing fleet that
arrived were: Schooner Marion, twenty-one
days from • Tacoma ; schooner J. M. Weather
wax, nineteen days from Tacoma; ship Para
mita, eighty-five days- from Newcastle, Aus
tralia, and the schooner John G. Wall, seven
days from Eureka.
Fleet of Windjammers Arrives.
lingford. Captain A. O. Benjamin. Miss S.
Macquarrie, Miss L. Macquarrie, Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Westrope, Mrs. H. Hayward and child.
Miss Byrne. J. T. Morgan. Mrs. T- S. Kay and
child, F. Holmeck. J. Murray, C. F. Helen,
Mrs. Helen and daughter. J. J. Sullivan, E.
J. Cotton, Mr. and Mrs. F. Hanson and child,
H. R. Davis.
Oceanic Steamship Company's
j 1 Ventura, which arrived late on
I Tuesday evening from the anti-
J| podes and Honolulu, brought
across the Pacific the largest num
ber of passengers ever carried over this
ocean by one liner. She had in all 256 pas
sengers and the majority of these were
In the first cabin. Of the total number 130
are loyal colonials, bound for London to
take part in the ceremonies attendant
upon the coronation of King Edward VIL
To add to the pleasure of the entertain
ment of its passengers the steamship
company shipped at Sydney a band of
musicians, and as the weather was sum
mery all the way across, the voyage was
enlivened by frequent hops and other en
tertainments, in which the band was a
star attraction.
Major General Viscount Downe of the
English army, attended by three ser
vants and accompanied by Colonels Hunt
und Hotham and Captain Clysscs Carr of
his sialt", was a passenger on the liner.
General Downe is returning to England
alter protracted service in South Africa.
He took a prominent p rt in all the social
festivities and was voted by the American
passengers as a "good fellow, if he is a
Nichols returned from Honolulu
on the Ventura.
Among these on board that are bound
for England were a number of big steam
ship men. Alan Anderson is a member of
the firm of Anderson & Greene, agents in
Australia for the Oriental Steamship
Company: Charles Ransom is manager of
the Northern Steamship Company of New
Zealand and A. Forsyth is manager for
Burns, Philp & Co., managing agents for
Australia for the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany.
G. Gow, who was also a passenger, is
superintending engineer for the Northern
Steamship Company and is accompanying
Manager Ransom to Glasgow to inspect
seme ships now being built for the com-
Ca'iJtain VF. Matson of the Matson Navi
gation Company, who went down to HHo
on the steamship Enterprise, returned on
the Ventura.
Mrs. Sebree, wife of Captain Sebree, the
commandant at the Pago Pago naval sta
tion, was at the Samoan port when the
Ventura passed. Mrs. Sebree left here for
Pago Pago on the Ventura, but. breaking
her kneecap while ascending the saloon
companionway, was landed at Honolulu,
where she remained in the hospital un
til the next steamer. She has reached
Pago Pago, but is still an invalid and un
able to use the injured limb.
The passengers were:
P'rom Sydney — Major General Lord Downe.
Colonel John Hotham. Colonel J. L. Hunt.
Captain Ulysses Carr. Alan Anderson. T. H.
tJuckley. Miss Inez Bensusan. Mr. and Mrs.
VC. T. Cadell, Miss Hilda Cadell. F. Croaker,
ilr ard Mrs. B E. Cohen. James Duncan, \V.
L Daniell. Miss E. C. Daniell. Miss L. C.
Daniel!. William Fletcher. W. E. Fisher,
Adam Forpyth. R. W. Fenton,' llamllton E.
«^crdon, Mrs. M. Gunther. Miss E. Gallaghan,
S P. Hope. Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Hart and in
fant, Mrs. M. Stanley. Kendall W. Johnson,
Peter Kleemo. Mr. and Mrs. J. Lawler. Miss
F E Lew-is. Miss A. U. Delmer. R. Morrison,
Malcolm McLean. Miss M. C. Magarcy. C. S.
Vennell. Mr. and Mrs. R. Riano and child.
H. Kussell, F. Rathborne. Mrs. Lucy Ross
Heid. Mr. and Mn=. A. R. G. Sasse. Miss L.
R. Skenp, Rudolf Schneider. G. H. Short, Mr.
and Mrs. H. J. Somerset ar.d infant. W*.
Straugrhan, Mrs. M. Thompson, Miss E. V.
l.'ridgf. F. Wiuenoone. Private J. Balls, Driver
J. Legge. Private Williamson.
From Auckland — Mr. and Mrs. A. Athas,
Miss Elsie Athas. X. M. Brigham. C. H. Crump,
l£ P. Chapman. George Gow, James H. Gun-
Ron. Otto Harms. Miss J. E. Henson. Rev.
Father Hegarty. G.. Johnston, Mr. and Mrs.
T. H. Lowry, Mrs. F. Leary. Masters D. and
E. Leary. Mr. and Mrs. J. Mate and five chil
dren. Miss E. Mate. Mr. and Mrs. A. McLarh
lan. Mrs. M. Maltman. Mise Annie Maltman,
1T!es Clara Maltman. Mr. and Mrs. D. Robert
son. Mr. ar.d Mrs. C. Hanson, Mr. and Mrs.
T. de Schryver, Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Young,
Mr. and Mrs. T\ A. Ritsnn. J. R. Ritson. Miss
Grace Ritson. Mr. and Mrs. J. E. H. Spencer,
child and maid: c. A. Wilkinson.
From Honolulu — T. E. Hudson. Mr. and Mrs.
A F. Morrison. Captain Mstson and wife. Miss
Tvlatscn. Mis* Camr>t*-II, J. A. Bucli. J. F.
Coffee. M. T). VgmvdM, Dr. and Mrs. A. G.
HorSgin*. Mis? IT. Latidegror* 1 . Bishop Nichols,
¦aiis-s XirhoJf. C A. Durns. .T. Stewart. TV. G.
Smith. R»v. O. Tomkins and wifp, Mr. and
Mr*. TV. F. SohPideckor. Mrs. F. R. Winslow.
?.«>*•. Prinrp. J. x. Wallinjrford. R. K. Wal-
VENTURA BRINGS MANY LOYAL COLONIALS ON THE WAY
TO ATTEND THE CORONATION OF KING EDWARD
THE SAN FRANCISCQ; GALL, THURSDAY^ f MAY 15j 1902.
Movements of Steamers.
' ROTTERDAM — Arrived May 14 — Stmr Rhyn
dam, from New York.
- GLASGOW — Arrived May 14 — Stmr Furnes
sia, from New York. I
TO ARRIVE
12
Steamer, f , Destination. I Sails. Pier.
"^ ¦.-."• "^ Mar '15." "
Westport. . . Bear -Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor ..;. 6 pm Pier 8
Lakme. .'.'.; Humboldt ... '.' 9 am Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 16.
Alliance... Portland & • Way.. 5 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
S.Barbara. Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia...'. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I May 17. .
Arcata.... . Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
ChfhaJls... Grays Harbor. Pier —
Pcmoria JHumboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Guatemala: Valparaiso .& Way. 12 > m Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Peru. China & Japan .... 1 pm PAISS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier 20
May 18. •
S. Monica.. Humboldt- 4 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego. & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 10. ,
Euroka... . Humboldt .. 9 am Pier 13
Argo Eel. River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
May -20.
Dora Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 34
J. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.. 10 am Pier 2
May 31.
Acme....... SiuBlaw River . .' ...Pier —
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 22.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney .& Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin ...... Pier —
May 23. -
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• May 24.
Rival . . Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
I.
Due.
South Coast.. Humboldt May 15
S Barbara... San Pedro . . . May 15
Serapis.:.... Hamburg & Way Ports. May '15
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 15
Phoenix Mendocino City t May 15
Minoola. ..... Seattle May 15
Aicata.... ... Coos Bay & Port Orford May 15
Pomona Humboldt May 15
AUIanc*:..'... Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena.. i Point Arena May 15
Santa. Rosa.v San Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Bor.lt a ". . Newport & Way Ports. May 15
Rainier AVhatcom "¦ . . . .• May 16
Sequoia ...... Huencme .'...|May 16
Mackinaw... Tacoma ...'. |May 17
Cftphalls. .... San Pedro Ms." 17
Meteor. ...... Oyster Harbor May 17
Eureka....... Humboldt ...May 17
Coptic China & Japan May 17
Umatllla . Puget Sound Ports May 17
Santa Monica San Pedro May 18
Arse... ...... Eel River Ports ...May 18
Cref-cent City Crescent City ....; May 18
North Fork. . Humboldt * May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.: May 19
State of Cal.. San. Diego & Way Ports. May 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 19
Columbia Portland &' Astoria * :... May 20
San Pedro Grays Harbor JMay 20
Acme Siuslaw River May 20
Victoria . . . ; . Oyster Harbor ... . . May 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor :...... May 22
G Dollar... . Grays Harbor ......-..'. May 22
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .... May 22
Steamer., For. . . . ; Sails.'
Cottage City. Skagnay & Way i Ports. May 35
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Fts. Hay 15
Dolphin Skagway & AVay Ports. May 19
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way; Ports. May 20
Farallon. .'. .. Skagway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. May X',
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct May 25
Sun rlsag . r. ............. ... . .4:5"»
Sun sets ;....'....:.... 7:12
Moon sets .......................... 1 :05 a.m.
0 ITirae ITimel • ITimel ITlme
£..) Ft. I Ft. Ft. I Ft.
• [LWI j |HW[: |L Wf\ |H W
15 0:00 *2.5 5:551 4.3 12:04 0.0 :7:02| -0.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 '4.2 1:04 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:00 1.5 8:251 4.3 1:52 1.0 8:32 5.7
IS 2:55 1.0 0:27 4.4 2:30 -2.0 9:12 6.U
lft 3:30 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:lfi 2.4 0:49| 0.«
20" 4:20 0.3 11:12 1 4.4 -3:54 "-2.7 10:221 ¦ 5u
21 5-.0J)— 0.1 11:59 ' 4.4 .4:31 2.« 10:511 .G.-!
22 5:36]— 0.2|12:44 .4.4 5:07| 2.9|U:20| . : 5.3
Steamer, f , Destination. I Sails. Pier.
"^ ¦.-."• "^ Mar '15." "
Westport. . . Bear -Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G. Lindauei Grays Harbor ..;. 6 pm Pier 8
Lakme. .'.'.; Humboldt ... '.' 9 am Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 16.
Alliance... Portland & • Way.. 5 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendoclno City 3 pm Pier 13
S.Barbara. Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 2
Sequoia...'. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
I May 17. .
Arcata.... . Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
ChfhaJls... Grays Harbor. Pier —
Pcmoria JHumboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Guatemala: Valparaiso .& Way. 12 > m Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Peru. China & Japan .... 1 pm PAISS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul ...... Pier 20
May 18. •
S. Monica.. Humboldt- 4 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diego. & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
May 10. ,
Euroka... . Humboldt .. 9 am Pier 13
Argo Eel. River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
May -20.
Dora Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 34
J. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.. 10 am Pier 2
May 31.
Acme....... SiuBlaw River . .' ...Pier —
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 22.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney .& Way Pts. 10 am Pier 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin ...... Pier —
May 23. -
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• May 24.
Rival . . Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
Steamer.
From.
I.
Due.
South Coast.. Humboldt May 15
S Barbara... San Pedro . . . May 15
Serapis.:.... Hamburg & Way Ports. May '15
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 15
Phoenix Mendocino City t May 15
Minoola. ..... Seattle May 15
Aicata.... ... Coos Bay & Port Orford May 15
Pomona Humboldt May 15
AUIanc*:..'... Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena.. i Point Arena May 15
Santa. Rosa.v San Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 15
Bor.lt a ". . Newport & Way Ports. May 15
Rainier AVhatcom "¦ . . . .• May 16
Sequoia ...... Huencme .'...|May 16
Mackinaw... Tacoma ...'. |May 17
Cftphalls. .... San Pedro Ms." 17
Meteor. ...... Oyster Harbor May 17
Eureka....... Humboldt ...May 17
Coptic China & Japan May 17
Umatllla . Puget Sound Ports May 17
Santa Monica San Pedro May 18
Arse... ...... Eel River Ports ...May 18
Cref-cent City Crescent City ....; May 18
North Fork. . Humboldt * May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.: May 19
State of Cal.. San. Diego & Way Ports. May 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 19
Columbia Portland &' Astoria * :... May 20
San Pedro Grays Harbor JMay 20
Acme Siuslaw River May 20
Victoria . . . ; . Oyster Harbor ... . . May 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor :...... May 22
G Dollar... . Grays Harbor ......-..'. May 22
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .... May 22
Steamer., For. . . . ; Sails.'
Cottage City. Skagnay & Way i Ports. May 35
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Fts. Hay 15
Dolphin Skagway & AVay Ports. May 19
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way; Ports. May 20
Farallon. .'. .. Skagway & Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. May X',
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 25
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct May 25
Sun rlsag . r. ............. ... . .4:5"»
Sun sets ;....'....:.... 7:12
Moon sets .......................... 1 :05 a.m.
0 ITirae ITimel • ITimel ITlme
£..) Ft. I Ft. Ft. I Ft.
• [LWI j |HW[: |L Wf\ |H W
15 0:00 *2.5 5:551 4.3 12:04 0.0 :7:02| -0.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 '4.2 1:04 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:00 1.5 8:251 4.3 1:52 1.0 8:32 5.7
IS 2:55 1.0 0:27 4.4 2:30 -2.0 9:12 6.U
lft 3:30 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:lfi 2.4 0:49| 0.«
20" 4:20 0.3 11:12 1 4.4 -3:54 "-2.7 10:221 ¦ 5u
21 5-.0J)— 0.1 11:59 ' 4.4 .4:31 2.« 10:511 .G.-!
22 5:36]— 0.2|12:44 .4.4 5:07| 2.9|U:20| . : 5.3
a T>VEBTISEME1TT3.
SSGK HEADACHE
Positively cored by these
' Idttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Moutn, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price- ,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
' kj- ¦ Steamers Ieare Broadway
W*. TVharf. San FVanclsco:
For Ketchikan. Juneau.
EgSfS^—. Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 ».
; |fr«|r?£5?»[ m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26. 31.
I f^T^l^rai pany'a steamers at Seatt'.a.
**«BMrsS|«1 For Victoria. Vancouver.
I *¦ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. "Whatcom—
II a. m.. May 11. 16. 21. 26, 31. June 5. Chaw
at Seattle to thU Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at SeatUe or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry ;
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12. 17, 22. 27. June 1.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angela an<J
Redondo). San Dleso and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and K«it
Sau Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Huenema ana
•Newport ('Bonlta only). '• _
Coos Bay. 9 a. m./ May 14. 22. 30. Jun» T.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26. June 3. .
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose ael
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa Ko«a-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a, m.. 7tB each,
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
PJght Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
Insr dates.
TIC^TTT — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C D DUNANIT. Gen. Pass. Affent.
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market gt.. San Francisco*
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca |
FOR— —
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR 9 P. M.. JUKE 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter durtns the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th«
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, apcly TICKET OFFICE. * N ewi
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
O. /?. & TV. OO,
-ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, as
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23. June 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO: W. ELDER Sails /. ..
May 13, 2S, June 7. 17
Steamer vails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
*P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
I First-Class Steamer (1
CENTENNIAL M
3000 Tons Capacity, to '£l
i NOME n
| Sails May 20, via Seattle, 28. ||
PS $5O.OO. g
I Quick Time. Finest Service. N
I CHA8. CONKLIN & CO., Afjents. B
fl 710 Market Street. g
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WXLL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG. calUng at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May »th, 190a
ES AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4ta. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.........Saturday. June 2Sth. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. F«
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Asent.
jiamburg-Jtmerican.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
FLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
A. Victoria ...May 22 1 Columbia June 3
F. Bismarck May 23|A. Victoria. ...June IT
TWIN'-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLTMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee May 20 (Pretoria ... June 7
Pennsylvania ..May 27|Moltko June 10
Hamburg-American Line. 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Aarents for. Paclflo
Ceast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May 17[COLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA May 3l|TUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for C«n-
tral and South American passenger serVie*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
. BALFOUR. GUTHRIE AkCO.. Gen. Agents.
fla>A2l*lIO K. K A"A """"*' 3A:J0^ ¦ JM
iiceanie&sxo, skssss
SS. VENTURA, for Ko:i->lulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. :Thurs., May 22 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu 1 .
-Saturday. May. 31, 2 p. m.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•• ..Sunday. June 9. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPBICKELS 4 BEOS. CO., Geml AjlS., 329 Mar JK
Gen'lPass. Cfflcs,' 643 MaiEst Si, Pier Ho. 7. Pacfflc St.
AMERICAN' LINE.
_NEW TORK. . SOUTHAMPTON.., LONDON.
Phlladel.May 28. 10 am St. Louis. June 11. 10am
St. PauU.June 4, 10 am Phlladel. June IS. 10 aia
RELl STAR LISE.
NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kensinsn.May 2S. noon] Krieslanil. June 11. noon
Zeeland. ..June 4, noonlSouthwrk.June lS.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.G.A.P.C..30 MontgonVy at
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leavas
VaVleJo 7 a.m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.'. except
Eubday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 54
cents. Telephone ' Main 1503. Landing and
ot»ce. pler 4 2,»MJsslon-street dodk HATCH
: CRUM 1^ SUPERIOR ATLAS,
• . ¦ ' ¦ ¦ -¦ ¦» -¦ t ¦_.-.'
¦':'¦' A car-load of Call Superior ' •
Atlases has; arrived and they i
'arc now • ready for ¦] dlstriba- '• ;
tlon. ¦ AH subscribers, to The :
[ Call are entitled to a. copy of
this creat book at < the prem-
fnifi .- rate ,,of * $1 ; OO." ; : Out of "
town subscribers deslrlnMT. »
coiiy of ¦ this splendid prem-
ium will r be supplied on re-
ceipt of $1 50. : AH; iaaU
orders will, be. shipped by; cx>
-press at «ab»crlber'» expense.':
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Off Colour?
Practically the whole English
; speaking population of the
.world keep themselves in
condition by using
Bepcham's
Pills,
v Sold Everywhere— In boxes 10c and 25c.
; Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Can
|| Do it— Costs Nothing to Try. .;
I ' A now tasteless dlscorery which can be given in tea,
eoffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. c. T. U. and all '
tamperance worker*. - It doe* It* work so silently and
¦urely that while the deroted- wif e, sinter -or daughter :
look* on, the drunkard Is reclaimed even against hlr will
and without his It now led ere. Send y cur name and addrets
to Dr. J. W. Halnes, m* Qlenn Bklir., Cincinnati, O., and .
he will mall a trial paekacre of .Golden Specific free to
f how how easily It Is to cure drunkards with tali remedy.
• Full-sized . boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale in San Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO.,-
417, Sansome st. ; ¦. ¦ .¦ . •
RUPTURE i
< ;lB^^®^lL*^» c UREDby Dr.Pierce'a J
tl C^*?S^^~ Nothing like it. Comfort & ffif
l1'~"^^ffii ; V < security 1 A Perfect Retainer. && |
H /an. %" . do «» tn« workl;«^7 Call or Xm
\&l ' />£/ Y write/orfayfor"BOOKLKTK0.1," K*B
on*. dr^ ss: Magnetic E.Tross Co., Em
206 Post Street, Sau Francisco, Cal. B&-S
or 33 W. 24th St., New York, totloa this p.ptr BSm
Weak Menand^W^
SHOULD ': USE DAMIANA ' 3ITTERS. . THE
. ., Great ' Mexican Remedy; gives health and
¦trength to aexual organ*. .Depot; 323 Market.'
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AUCTION !
VON RHEIN R. E. CO.
613 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THIS DAT.
THURSDAY, MIW 15th
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor* Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
— 137:6 " " j
. ' ; — t
¦f. — : I
' ' 5 l
27:8 27:6 27:6 27:6 27:6
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OF JUDGE W. a
VAN FLEET.
27x127:8^-2721 Paclflc. "W of Scott: J2 roomt.
3 baths: hardwood floors: furnace, range, bil-
liard room, reception hall, etc.
CALIFORNIA-STREET RESIDENCE.
27:6x132:6—2914 California, sunny side, west
of Broderick: 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc;
good yard.
COR. JONES AND ' FILBERT— RENTS $63.
41x70 — NE. car. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
marine view: bank mortgage can remain: 980-
996 Filbert. .
LEAVENWORTH, NR. ELLIS— Rents $57 50.
22x82:6 — 310 and 312 Leavenworth. For ab-
solute certainty of advance In value no location
superior to this.
McAllister— store, flats— rents $65.
,28:9x137:6—1015 McAllister, W. of Buchanan;
rents $65; can "be greatly increaeed by a mod-
erate expenditure.
1574 POST, EAST OF LAGUNA.
25:10x{K> — 77:1 ft. E. of Lagruna; sunny lot;
adapted for flats or dwelling; improvements no
a U6 21st-STREET FLATS— RENTS $30.
25x100—2932 and 2934 21st St., N. line, east
of Treat ave.; each flat 5 rooms and bath.
-S. W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.
100x100. with store and residence improve-
ments — 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth St., or will
sell corner. 55:6x100 and adjoining lot on
Seventeenth St., 44:6x100.
BUILDING LOTS— CASTRO AND 19th STS.
45x80— West line of ' Castro, 30 feet N. of
19th, In 1 or 2 lots; also 45x75, N. lino of
19tfc, W. of Castro, In 1 or 2 lots.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115. west line of Diamond.
310 feet S. of Twenty-flrst street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
30:6x117:6 to an alley — Mission sunny belt;
east line of Dolores, 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolcres is one of the widest streets In the city.
GEART-STR ET CORNER — RENT S3*. •
25x92 — 2295 Geary and 1316 to 20 Broderick:
suitable for grocery; $3000 bank mortgage can
remain.
OCEAIT TBAVEH
'JLJi S. MAIL ROUTE. ':¦"¦/}''
Wa^~ SAILINGS. :
gp NORTHERN. COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Us first-class steamers, carryln-
United States malls, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
From San Francisco-
S. . S. DORA .....'. ...TUESDAY. Mar 20
S. S. ST. PAUL. ...June 3
S. S. PORTLAND..... ,j u iy i
From Seattle.
G. S. OHIO ...." June 3
S. S. INDIANA j U ne 7
, Connecting at Nome . with I steamer Saldie.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Blult City
Oolovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St!
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points
: For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
,645 Market st.. San Francisco, '
I • Or EMPIRE . TRANSPORTATION' CO
j Pugret Sound ¦ Agent, Seattle. Wash.
TJ A1UT17 N. A. X &T. Co.'s
I^UIVIJlV Steel Steamship
POANOKE
Sails from Seattle about .June 1st
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred ¦ free to Seattle. • •-
. Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agents,
'523 Market. St.. S. F. :
COHPAQNIE GSKERALE TRANSATLANTIQII3
WKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . .^.w,"
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of 4Rft$^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., trom Pier 42, »3S«aas3
, North ' River, ¦ foot > of Morton street.
• First class to Havre; $70 and upward. . Second
class to Havre.:- $45 - and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, - 32 ' Broadway (Hudson - building). . New
York. -¦:.: J. P.". FUQAZI & -. CO.; Paclflc Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, - San Francisco.'
. , Tickets told by all ' Railroad \ Ticket Agent*.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j,
7—^~-jjj
How To Do It
Everything salable should be
mads right and kept right.
Hunter
Whiskey
is made right In quality and
f*:;!,-. purity. It is. kept right by
perfect ageing, and its superb
flavor is a natural result.
Under Any Test it is The Best.
1 '- SRSSIT^.y 1511 °ommiskion co.. me
i =3 &2» California 6t.. 6m Francisco, CaL
Telephone Main K3.
Dr.lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a century.
/ - ¦
BT We will send the mar«elou« French Kemexiy J»
A 'ytZ^Sb CALTHOS S
3 jChM C %J\ TBXt bj Mill, ( no C O. D. er Pre> H
B tytn mm I%\ uripUou Bckcaa ) asi a l'gtlly ex- H ¦
¦ Yf-tfs —^ \ eentsd guranwc thu CALTHOS will ¦
avX&l't&x CTflP -w^w«"^ ¦
1 V.^Aw ,>&? PIIRP 8^r»«*»"*~«. ¦
at \t tlV^' UUIlC Vtrittwlt mat E
[-3 fe^ vr I DCCTflDC L««t ¦ n
H ' Use Hand pay if satisfied. E
g Address VON MOHL CO., 477 B. H
g^ BcAe tmerlcii Agento, CIXCIXXATL O. Jj
adi eignxtare is on every box of the genuine ¦
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieu
U»# remedy that cores a cold In one dvNezv York Stock Market.
KEW YORK. May J4.— To-day* « small i
ckir.jjr-fc in prices of stocks are mostly eains,,!
EASTERN MARKETS.
k j — — ___ — .j.
CHICAG6. May 14. — Yesterday's bulls at the
opening of the wheat pit to-day showed that
they had forgotten all about yesterday's bull
ish Government report. The cables showed no
response to our strengyi, and above all the
weather was very favorable. Bains fell copi
ously In Kansas and Nebraska, and the spring
wheat country in the Northwest was clearing.
A local statistician made a report Indicating
a yield of 410,000,000 bushels, quite at vari
ance with the Government estimate. Th»se
factors started July a Ehade to %cq Vic lower
at 76%c to 76c, and depressed it early to 75%
<g/75-7ic. Corn strength and reports of good cash"
business brought a good j reaction and prices
for a time held firm near last night's close
Trade, however, was light, the outside specu
lator was not in the market, and there was
some fair selling by yesterday's buyers. Part
of the reaction was due to short covering
Gradually prices slipped back. The close was
weak, July %c lower at 75 1 ,4@75%c.
Corn was the leader of the pits In the matter
of strength. Cash business was good, St. Louis
bought here, and cables were firm. July
closed firm, %c up, at 63%c.
Oats were influenced by .selling by the lead
ing bull operators. July closed weak: %®%c
lower, at 36%@37c- . •". • 7.1-ffr^r:
The strength in . provisions •was that of re
newed buying and support by. packers', started
by a strong hog market at the yards. July
pork closed 12%cup; lard and ribs each 10c
higher. • .
The leading futures raneetl as follows: 1
Articles — . ' Onen. High. Low. - Close
Wheat No. 2 — .
May 76 . 76% - 75% 75%
July •¦• ••• ™% 7S% 75V5 75%
September 75%- • 75% 73% 74(2
December 76 70 75 75^,
Corn No. 2— ¦ : - . •• ™
May ...';........ 62% C3'/t 62 %' C2Y-
July • 03 03% . C2%: 63 vt
September..... 61^.- 62 .' (Jl 6i £
Cat3 No. 2 — . * ' :
May , 43% 43%. 43% . 43%'
July (old) 35. 35% 34 % "35^
July (new) 37 37% 30% - 37
Sepl (old) ..... 29% ... ¦: 29% •. 20 (?•¦'•'¦ JMfe"
Sept. (new)..... 31% 31%. ' 3014 " '31-
Mess Pork, per bbl — - 1
May..- ....17 -DO 17 50' .17 45 17,45 ff
July. 17 52 & 17 ti0,\ • 37 52% 17 60-
September ...... 17 53 17,65; 17 52% '17 iSJli
» Lard, ver 1C0 !uh— : V . . -.-.,'.' >
May .:........ ..10 37% 10 42% .10 37% 10 42V>
July . . : ... .10 37% 10 45 10 37% 10 i> %
September-... -'.10 40 10 45 «? 10 35 10 35
Short Ribs, per 100- lbs— " . . , .
May . . . . . . . 0 77% !> SO 9 77%" 9 SO
July ...;.. 9 75 9-75 9 77V. 9 80
September . 9 75 9 82% 9 75 ' 0 80
¦ Cash quotation* were > as follows: Flour,*
steady; No. ' - fiorins - wheat, 75%@77c; : No. 3,
• Chicago Grain Market.
• WHEAT — The foreign markets t were steady
to firm, but news from France was rather bear
ish. - All* Europe apparently has fine crops this
year, and they are virtually safe. «
Chicago declined %c and there was genpral
selling on rains over Kansas and Nebraska.
The demand was moderate. The Southwest
bought freely, but the local bulls unloaded.
There was talk of Cudahy's accumulating
a long line. Something like 250,000 bushels were
taken for export. - \
This market was firm and slightly higher,
both on and off call. , ' ¦
! Spot ' Wheat — Shipping, $1 13% ; milling,
$1 13 ser ct. ,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ! Session— 0:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctla, $1 12%: 10.000, $1121*.
Second Session— May— 2000 ctla, $1 14%; 2000,
?1 14%; 2000, $1 14%. December— 4000", $1 13%;
8000, $1]3%; 10,000. $113%;. 2000, ?1 131.4
40C0. * 1 13.
Regular Morning Session — December — 16,000
ctls. .$112%; 2000. $H2 ] A.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 12%: 10.000. $1 12%.
BARLEY-^-For bright Feed 51 was reported
paid yesterday morninsr on .'Change, but the.
market is hardly up to this figure as a quota
tion. ...
Feed, '-07%@0S%c for No. 1 and 05@96%c.for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, SI;
Chevalier. ; $101 20. v -- -
.• . CALL BOARD SALES. *
'¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.'
Second Session — No sales. .
>. Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls.
99c. . . . ' • - ¦ V •,. .
Afternoon Session— December— 10,000 ctls
SlV-c. 'July, new— COCO, 85c. .
:¦ O"ATS— The feeling is very bullish in this
market and ' prices are slightly higher again.
The markets up, north are reported active and
excited under purchases for British Government
account, and It is rumored that some of those
orders have been filled here. At any rate,' this
market is stiff, and in view of the demand up
north and the consequent rise In prices there
dealers here do not look for any more northern
receipts in ' this market until . the . new crop
comes forward. The - local ' demand Is reported
dull.- . " ¦ -->.•
,• Grays, 51 35@1 45; whites, $1 32«@l 50-
Surprise, $1 45@1 50; black, 25@1 35; red
$1 32%@.l 45 per ctl. . ¦¦ , ..
¦' CORN — The house which , has lately . been
¦ buying up all the spot' stock is now thought to
have I practically cornered the market and Is
asking ¦ top prices. .White Is very scarce, and
the quotations are- nominal. • Large yellow, $1 45
@1 50: small round do, $1 50@l 55; White SI GO
©I 02%. . ' - ¦, ' -
*1 B0&1 55;. White, $1 0C@l C2&. .
- RYE— OO@!)E>c Der ctl. •-•¦.: . -, ..
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 .per ctl asked.
" ' : Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family ¦' Extra's, f 3 50®
3 75. usual' terms; Bakers' Extras. S3 40@3 50:
Oregon. - $2 7G@3 25 ; per barrel for. family and
Exchange and Bullion.
• Sterling Exchange and Silver are still lower.
Sterlinf Exchange, 60 days..... — $4 85
Sterling Cables, sight — . 4 88
Sterling Cables 4 89 j
New York Exchange, sight..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 171.4
SilVerT'per ounce ; . . . . — 51 Vft
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....'... — ; 45Vj
Wheat .and Other Grains.
TEADE ON A SOUND BASIS. BC'T PRU
DENCE IS NECESSARY.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
•'Last week's collapse of certain speculative
bubbles has materially improved the situation
on the Stock Exchange. It has induced a clossr
scrutiny cf collateral on part of the banks,
lorced considerab'.p wholesome liquidation and
aSorded a desirable- and much needed check
to reckless wildcat speculation. The creation
of new securities having scarcely present or
prospective value of any sort was going on at
a race that threatened dangc-r to the entire
financial community; and serious results were
unavoidable unless such manipulators were
premptiy crushed. The only power capable of
dealing v.-ith these forces was the banks; and
to them must be given the credit for putting
ou the brakes judiciously at the time of emer
gency. The remedy was uncomfortable fer
ihose who had ignore;! the dictates -of common
1 rudence. but \he experience has, 'been bene
ficial to the large majority of interests. Hence
lorth we are likely to witness more caution re
garding shadowy enterprises.
"Whil<? there has bwn more or less irres
uiariiy in the stock market since the above
events, due chiefiy to uncertainty concerning
the money situation and the coal strike, still
the market exhibited good rallying powers after
all de-clines. Underneath all visible Influence?
there is a confidence among the holders of good
railroad stocks which effectively prevents any
material declines and is the basis of upward
manipulations at every opportunity. Holders
of such securities will not sell even at prestnt
high prices; their reasons plainly being the ex
traordinary continuance of good earnings and
the feeling- that the concentration movement
among the railways will in some occult man
nor benefit their particular property. While
this substantial form of optimism governs the
groat mass cf stockholders, it is useless to ex
pect any general reaction in the stock mar
kut. We are quite likely to see more frequent
fci-oRks as a result of speculative excesses, but
no general liquidation or selling* of good rail
road s-tocks is possible until something hap
;xtj3 to modify or destroy this underlying op
timistic spirit.
"At present the governing factors in the sit
uation are these, in their respective order — the
\ioney market, the crop outlook, the railroad
tuation. the iron trade and business condi
cnr. The monetary situation is not entirely
free from concern. Bank reserve* are low,
lnans gieatly expanded and the development o"
other weak spots during the summer would
cause no surprise. Funds must soon return
' more freely froni the interior, which, in con
nection with forced contraction of loans, would
strengthen reserves. Money, however. Is hard
ly likely to remain as easy as at one time ex-
IKCteo.. for considerable gold exports seem in
evttable. ov.-ing to American investments
abroad and to less favorable trade balances, re-
M:it;ngT from diminished exports and increasing
iir.iorts. As to the crop outlook, there la noth
ing very positive in either direction. Favor
able rair.s have fallen in large sections of the
¦\\'tst. and should the yield be up to an aver
agi we may expect no cessation of present trade
ftcCMty in the West. . Our railroads are still
iraking sjilendid returns and generally show
ing increases about 10 to 12 per cent ahead of
the large figures of last year. This is the most
convincing evidence of continued general pros
perity. Still, the main source of strength of
the better class of railroad stocks is the fact
that imrK)rtnnt merger plans are under consid
eration; and. though the Northern Securities
case has somevi hat delayed such schemes, their
final consummation is ultimately looked for.
Th<? iron trade continues taxed to the utmost,
and the furnaces hold orders that will keep
them fully employed to the end of the year.
As for the general trade outlook, that is en
couraging. Here and there reactionary symp
toms are developing. hi?h prices for raw mate
rials and labor having materially increased
cost of production until a point has been
reached where profits are receding and con
svmr>tion is being sensibly checked. There is
no sipn of general reaction in sijrht. but that
the indications of a turn in the tide are mul
tiplying must not be ignored.
'"In brief, we have a number of influences in
favor if higher prices such as cited above; on
th3 oth«»r hand, unfavorable developments in
[;he money or crop situation would precipitate
Fharp reactions and quickly subdue Jhe present
bullish undertone. Opportunities for quick
turns will be plentiful, but the only safe course
will be to sell on pronounced rallies and buy
only on decided breaks."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 14, 1902—5 p. m.
The followins maximum and minimum tem
peratures were rei>orted from stations in Cali
fornia to-day: •'£-s* i S
Eureka C2-50; Independence 72-40
P.ed Bluff €6-52 j Sacramento 64-48
Fan Francisco eO-52|San Diego 62-56
Fresno 70-50iLos Angeles 70-50
San Luis Obispo. .CS-421
THE COAST RECORD. ~~
2 =333 5-3. «• 2..
STATIONS. j? 5 § • g : § jp j?.
f II i a ¦ I
: • ? • : :
Artorla 30.00 58 «> S\V Cloudy Tic
Baker 29.60 64 50 NW Cloudy .Ot',
Carson 29.94 54 3<J \V Clear .02
Fureka 30.14 «2 50 W Cloudy .06
Fresno 30.04 70 50 W Clear .01
Flagstaff 29.78 64 32 SW Clear .0<)
Pocatello, Ida 52 CO
Independence..^. 80 72 46 NW Clear .00
Lob Angeles.. 30. 02 70 50 SW Clear .C-J
Phoenix 29.82 86 62 W Clear .0.1
Portland 30. 00 70 50 NW Rain .48
Red Bluff 30.02 60 52 SE Clear .00
Roseburg ....30.00 64 50 SW Pt Cldy .02
gacramento ..30.06 C4 48 SW Clear .W
Salt Lake 29.76 76 56 N Cloudy T.
San Francisco.30.14 60 C2 W Clear .02
J=. L. Obispo.. 30.12 68 42 W Clear .00
Kan Diego ::'J.<H «2 C6 W -Clear .04
Seattle 29.96 54 «> 8 Rain .14
Spokane 29.76 76 52 SW Cloudy .00
Neah Bay 2H.94 58 42 SW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla.. 29. 91 64 50 S Rain .10
Winnemucca ..29.86 58 42 SW Pt Cldy -OS
Yuroa 29.80 86 C2 W Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
' The pressure has risen steadily over northern
Califcrn'a and Oregon. A marked disturbance
t»»erlics Ctfh. but Is apparently working slowly
southeast ward over New Mexico. A thunder-
Ktorm is reported at Modena and high eouth
er!y winds are blowing in Southern Utah.
Rain has fallen in small amounts over Ore
gon, Washington. Northern Nevada and the
extreme northwestern portion of California.
The temperature has fallen 24 degrees in the
past 24 hours at .Salt Lake City. In the Sacra
mento and t-an Joaquln valleys the tempera
tures ccntir.ue about 10 decrees below the nor
mal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endir.ir midris-ht. Hay 15. T002:
Northern California — Vr.ir Thursday; some
v.hat warmer; !i?;n southerly winds la the in
terior; briKk westerly winds on the coast. '
Southern California — Fair Thursday; warm
er; light northerly winds inland: briEk wester
ly winds en the coa^t with foj In the morning.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; warmer; brisk
westerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
LOCAL MARKETS.
Local securities were quiet again on the
morning session, with a decline in Giant Pow
der at $76@75 50. Alaska Packers sold at $160.
The oil stocks were Inactive, with a slight falU
Ing back In Sterling. This company is about
to begin work on a new well, and one string
,of tools will be kept going steadily in order
\o keep pace whh the Hawaiian contract which
begins In July. . • .
In the afternoon Giant Powder declined still
further to *75.
' The California-street Cable Railroad Company
paid a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
yesterday, - ¦ . -
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will -pay the regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per share May 20.
The Jersey Island Packing Company of San
Francisco has levied an assessmentTof $5 per
share, delinquent June 13,
The following quotatlons'for the United Rall
xoads of San Francisco -were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock. $24@24 75; preferred
$50 25«?59 50; 4 per cent bonds, $91®92- sub
scriptions, $100 50@101. ' ¦
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 14—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. ' : Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup., .111 111% fs. qr cp(new)137%138
4s qr reg 111 111% 3s qr coup. ..108%100
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 92% — |Oc SS Co 5s. 97%100
Bay CPC 5s. 108% 108% | Omnibus 6s. — 130
Strawberries showed little change. Receipts
were large and the threatening weather in the
morning put a check on the demand. Goose
berries are mostly small and sell slowly.
Only strictly choice offerings of Cherries
commanded the top quotation. There is a lot
of small stock coming, which tends to weaken
the market.' Another consignment of Apricots
was received late in the day from-Yuma, Ari
zona. Eleven crates came, in and the fruit was
of fair size and good quality. They were of
fering at $3®3 50 per crate, but no sales were
reported. : ¦ . • "; - . ' - ;
At the! Orange auction 2 cars of extra choice
Na^els^were sold for $2 70@3 05 per box and
1 car of small Seedlings and Mediterranean
Sweets brought 60<g90c. The open market was
quiet. Prices were unchanged, but sales were,
few. Other fruits were unchanged.
STRAWBERRIES — $507 per chest for'Long
worths and $3®>4 for Malindas; crates from
Watsonville, 60(gS5c, with seme large crates
higher; from Florin, 50@75c.
GOOSEBERRIES — 10@75c per drawer.
' APPLES — $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality.
CHERRIES — White, • 60@65c per drawer;
Black 40c@$l per box and drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@3 25,
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 25
(52; Mediterranean Sweets $1@2 50; Valenclas,
$2 50@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50® 2 50;
Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 75c@$l and.$l 25
®1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 75c®~$2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
/Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Stocks of fruit are now so small that the
quotations, except for Prunei, are largely nom
inal. Mail advices from New York say:
"There is . a better movement and feeling in
raisins with loose 3-crown grade held at from
6%c- to 6%c. Stocks are- said *to 'be concen
trated in, few hands. California seeded is
about" steady with business reported In small
lots at 8%c for fancy in 1-lb cartons.- .: Some
holders, however, ask up to 8%c for small lots.
Choice Is available at from 8c to S%c accord
ing to quality and ' holder. In Valencia lay
ers 7%c to 7%c is quoted. The movement is
light. In prunes the feeling is quiet and shows
easiness except on 4,0-50s in new Santa Claras.
There are 'sellers, however, at C%c, but most
holders ask %c higher. Old fruit is pressing
on the. market and. prices are irregular. Late
reports from the coast as to damage to the new
crop are taken with reserve here. . Little or no
interest is taken in offerings of new. apricots
at 7%c for choice Royals in 25-lb boxes. A
fair trade is noted on spot within quotations."
FRUITS— : Apricots, CiJilOc for. Royals and 10
©13c for standard to. fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 8®9c; sun dried, 5@5%c; Peaches,
«%@8%c; •Pears.'-. 0@»c; Plums, pitted, 5@6c:
•unpltted,' 1%@2%c;. Nectarines, 5%@6c for red
and-5V'@<>c for white: figs.»%@4%c for black
and 5%@6c for white. \
¦ PRUNES— lflOi; crop are quoted as follows:
SO-403, OtflSesic; - 40-50s, 5@5%c; - 50-COs, 4%
@4%c; 60-70s. 4@4%c; 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80
5os. 3©3%c; 90-lOOs, 2%®2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@-%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials $3-
Dehftsa, ' $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,'
$1 25@1 "5- .
¦-. NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2 •6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, Oc; No." 2 7c-
Almonds. '10%@12cior papershell, 9@10c ' for
softshell and C@7c for. hardshell:! peanuts, 5®)
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12®>12%c; Fil
berts, 12®12%o; Pecans. ll@13c; -Cocoanuts.
$3 60®5. '
HONEY — Comb, ll£P12c for bright and 9@llo
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5% C ; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
-, BEESWAX — 27%@29c per lb. ,-v.'
¦ • Chicago was higher, en . the day',' though the
market weakened, off 'at the "close under larger
offerings. The '"strength : was on speculative
account. ¦¦- The demand was only fair. '\
The -San Francisco market continues quiet,'
as, the high prices tend to check the consump
tions . . ' '. ¦ \ ¦'•¦•• . . . *
; CURKD - MEATS — Bacon.",- 13c . per lb - for
¦¦'•¦/---¦-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
STOCK MARKET.
LONDON. May 14. — Consols, 05 5-16; silver,
23%d; French rentes, rflOlf 2%c; wheat cargoes
on passage, nominal and • unchanged; No. 1
standard California, 30s 3d; Walla Walla,
30s 6d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, May 14.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 5d®6s 5%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet; weather in England,
fine. ¦ •
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-32d.
Foreign Markets:
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 14. — Wheat — Unchanged;
Bluestem. 60%c; Club,, 65%c.
PORTLAND, May 14.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la. C5%@66c; Bluestem, 67c. .
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
NEW YORK, May 14. — FLOUR — Receipts,
14,000; experts, 10,390 barrels; market fairly
active and firm, without change.
WHEAT — Receipts, 81,500 bushels; exports,
15,998 bushels. Spot easy. No. 2 red, S3%c
elevator; No. 2 red. 8S%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 84%c f. v o. b. afloat; No.
2 hard Manitoba, 88 %c f. o. b. afloat; option
opening weaker because of bearish crop news,
rallied- later and became quite firm. The buy
ing motives were strengthened in corn, small
interior receipts and a scare of shorts. In the
last hour prices broke through realizing saled
and a reaction in corn, closing %c net lower.
May. 8iy>@Sl%c. closed 81%c; July. 81%©!
82c, closed, at 81%c; December, 80%@Sl%c,
closed 80%c.
HOPS — Strong. Common to choice, 1901
crop. 17@21c; 1900 crop, 13fl/15c; Pacific Coast,
1901 crop, 15%@19%c; 1900 crop, 13@15c.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady. No. 7 invoice,
5 7-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12c. Fu
tures closed steady, net .unchanged to 10
points higher. Total eales, 27,750 bags, in
cluding: June, 5.10c; July, 5.15@5.20c; August,
5.30c; September, 5.40c; October, 5.45@5.50c;
November, 5.55c; December, 5.65c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 2%c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 7-16c; molasses sugar,
2%c. Refined was steady.
DRIED FRUITS. 1 .
NEW YORK, Maj; 14.— Evaporated apples
show considerable strength on' export demand
and limited offerings, and prices are generally
quoted at an advance. Choice and fancy are
In fair Jobbing request. State common to good
7(5:;c; prime, 9@9%c; choice, 10@10%c; fancy
10%@llc. '
Prunes • hold steady with a fairly active
movement for jobbing and export account on
large sizes. Small sizes and old fruit barely
steady and dull. Peaches and apricots are
steady and in jobbing request.
PRUNES— 3$. @6%c. . N
APRICOTS— Boxed. 10%@14c; bags, lo"%©
• PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 8%@
lie.
Flour, qr sks,.. 22.74H Hops, bales... . 8
Wheat, ctls 1.36C Wool; bales 7.54
Barley, ctls 4,09<! Tallow, ctls.... 7.14
Oats, ctls 520 Tallow, ctls 934
Corn. ctls. 915 Hides. No 7I6
Beans, sks 1,369 Quicksilver, flks 23
Potatoes, sks... 720 Lime. bbla... ... 18">
Hay. tons 32t?;Chicory. bbls... io
Middlings, sks.. - 515; Wine, gals 83,950
Bran. sks. 1,015 Leather, rolls... S3
Onions, sks 337 Sugar, ctls" 578
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 14.
Receipts of Produce.
New York Grain and Produce.
SEATTLE, May 14. — Clearings, $048,531:
balances. $159,022. :
PORTLAND, May 14.— Clearings,, $508,361;
balances, $80,948. ....
TACOMA, May 14.— Clearings, .$191,861; bal
ances, $27,440.
SPOKANE, May 14.— Clearings, $272,310;
balances, $25,416.
Northern Business.
EGGS — Ranch. 18@lS%c for fancy and 16@
17 %c for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy. lS%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@lS%c; store . Butter, 14@16c
per pound.
CHEESE— New. 8%@9%c; old. 9@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
Receipts were 30,200 pounds, and 196 tubs
of Butter. 1447 cases of Eggs, ; cases . of
Eastern Eggs. 37,300. pounds ' of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
'.' AH descriptions under this head remain with
out change. Butter and Cheese continue plenti
ful, and packing of the former is going brisk
ly on. Eggs are in ample supply and the feel
ing in all grades is weak, except especially
fine' large ranch, which are not overplentlful.
Stocks of store Eggs continue to show signs of
accumulating.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
C C G&E 5a.lO5 105% I Pac G Im 43. 07% —
Cal-st 5s 119 — " Pk & C H 6s.lO7 HO
C Costa 5s... 110% — Pk & O R «s. — 125
Ed L & p Cs — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 63. — 123 Sac EGR os. — 102%
Geary-st5s.. — — SF & SJV5s.l21 —
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s. — 116>i
Do 5s — 99 S P of A 6a
L Anr R 5s.llS%119% (1009) 113% —
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1910) — —
Do gtd 6a. - — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 103% (1005)Sr A. — — <;
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1906) — —
Mkt-st C fis. — 128% (1912) 120 '—".•;
Do lem 5s. 120% — S P of C 1st
N R of C C3.112 — c gntd 5s. — — '
W D» 5s 121 121% Do 8tmpd..lO9% —
N Pac C 5s.. — 110% SP Br Cal 6s — 140
N C n 5s... 114% — S V Wat 6s. — lit
Oak Gas 5s. .ll.t 113V, Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 124 — Do 4s 3dm. — 102#
Do 1st c5a.ll.'! " I15 Stkn G&E6S.1C3 104
Oak W O 5s. — 104%
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77 Port Costa. . 63% Cft
Marin Co 58 — Spring Val.. 81 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2Vi — lPac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%|Sac E G&R. 31% — .
Mutual 3% 4%'S F G & E. 44 44%,
O G L & H. C2% — S F G L Co. 6% 5V4
Pac G Imp.. S9% 40%'Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'3 Fnd.260 2T0
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 — First Nationl — ¦ — i'j
Anglo-Cal .. 00% 91 L P & A 168% —
Bank of Cal.425 430 Mer Ex (Uq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp.121 — S F Nationl. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.340 S9O
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1830 — >¦
S F Sav U.525 — >
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 180 JMarket 09%100?4
Geary — 60 |Pre3ldlo 38% -r
POWDER.
Giant ....... 74% 75 IVigorit ..... 3% —
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea — QK,
Hawaiian ... — 40 Makawell ... 23% 24
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea 24 25
Hutchlnson . 13 — Paauhau ... 12% —
— . " MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159% — Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 102% Pac C Bor. .165
Cal Wine As.100%100% Par Paint... 28 —
Oceanic S Co SO 32
Morning Session.
Board—
50 Alaska Packers' A»sn 160 00
30 Cal Wine Assn 100 50
50 Giant Powder Con 76 00
50 Giant Powder Con 75 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 12 50
10 S F G & Electric Co 44 00
20 S V Water 01 C2'/4
10 S V Water 91 50
, Street—
40 S V Wattfr 91 50
* Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packer' Assn 160 CO
65 Giant Powder Con 75 00
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 1.1 00
5 Hutchinson S P Co 13 25
125 Makawell 23 75
100 Makawell. b 2 23 75
10 Paauhau S P Co 13 00
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
$2000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 118 00
Street —
$70CO S P of C 6a (1912) 120 75
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
500 Aztec 1 00
100 Home 3 55
2C0 Junction 20
10O Monte Cristo 1 37'£
10 Peerless ,. 9 12%
50 Petroleum Center 14
2000 Petroleum Center 13
200 Sovereign 37
5C0 Sovereign .1 38
x 60 Sovereign 1 39
7C0 Sterling , 1 92%
500 Sterling, b 10 1 95
MINING STOCKS.
•Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock an^ Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
11C0 Caledonia ... 97| BCO Mexican .i... B2
100 Challenge ... 20| CCO Ophlr 143
100 Con C & Va.l 5O 1400 Overman 30
100 Gould & Curry 14 1000 Potosi 30
400 Hale & Norc. 24 ICO Sierra Nev. . 27
200 Hale & Norc. 25 3CO Union Con 23
Afternoon Session.
50 Belcher 07i 10 Ophir 145
450 Best & Belch. 20 700 Overman .... 24
fi(>0 Caledonia ... 80,1000 Potosi 33
100 Caledonia ... 81 . SCO Sierra Nev. . . 2S
100 Hale & Norc' 25 ICO tTnion Con... 28
200 Justice 05 200 Yellow Jacket 23
500 Mexican 53
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
• 200 Best & Belch. 21 1 2CO Gould & Curry 15
100 Caledonia. ... 8T>; 200 Mexican .. B-*
100 Caledonia ... 00) 2C0 Mexican 53
100 Caledonia ... 91 2C0 Occidental ... 21.
100 Caledonia ... 95 SCO Ophlr 150'
250 Caledonia ... 00; 400 Overman .... 2!»
600 Caledonia ... 97 j 400 Overman .... 28
100 Caledonia ... 99 600 Overman -.... 30
500 Choi lar 18 (5OO Potosi 30
500 Chollar 17 50O Savage 14
100 Con C & V.I 47% 200 Union Con... 2S
300 Con G & V...1 50 500 Yellow Jacket 24
800 Challenge ... 20
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 20. 300 Occidental ... M
100 Caledonia ... 88 200 Ophlr 147%
100 Caledonia ... 87 20O Overman .... 27
BO Caledonia ... 8« 40O Overman .... 28
200 Caledonia ... 82 80O Overman 25
1000 Caledonia ... 80 400- Overman .... 24
200 Caledonia ... 84 475 Overman .... 23
100 Con C A V.I 47% 1400 Potosi ... .3.1
500 Con Imperial . 01 j 50O Seg Belcher. . <Xt
100 Mexican Mh ICO Union Con... 2S
1200 Occidental ... 23 1 200 Yellow Jacket 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. May 14— 4 p. m.
Bid.' Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 04 08
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 ©3 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 07 08 Mexican 51 63
13est & Belch. 20 SI Occidental ... 24 25
; Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 45 1 50
i Caledonia ... 7S 80 Overman 24 23
Challenge Con 18 20jPotosi 34 35
Chollar IS 10 Savage 14 15
Confidence ...'61 65;Scorplon '— 04
Con C & Va.l 43 1 50;S*s Belcher.. — 03
Con Imperial. — C2iSlerra Nev... 27 2tt
Ton New York — 02 'Silver Hill... 44 45
Crown Point. 06 08jSt Louis — OS
Eureka Con.. 18 — jSyndlcate — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 'Union Con.... 29 23
3ould & Curry 14 15 Utah 02 04
Hale & Norc. 24 25 Yellow Jacket 22 23
Julia — 04>
LONDON, May 14. — The offerings at the
wool auction sales numbered 19,812 bales to
day. Competition was keen and some sorts
were higher. Fine scoureds were in good de
mand for the home trade, France and Ger
many. - Cross-breds were in spirited demand
and a few were taken for America.
London Wool Sales.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 75@2 25; Ducks. .$4@
4 50 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4
@5; young Roosters, $t;<3S; old Roosters, $4@
4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers. $3@4 for
large and $1 50@2 for small: Pigeons. $1 75@
2 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
No more Eastern Poultry came in and the
receipts of California were light. Good-sized
young stock was, in demand at unchanged
prices, but the market was dull for most de
scriptions. There are too many small Broilers
coming in and they are hard to sell, even at the
low figures. . * .
There were no changes in Game. Twelve
sacks came in. . : -
Poultry and Game
WASHINGTON, May 14. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able • cash balance, $1S6,231,47O; gold, $97,
865,293. .. ' ... .•
Nezv Yj)rk Money Market.,
NEW YORK, May 14. — Money on call 'was
firm at 4@6 per cent; closed offered at 4 per
cent: prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent;
sterling exchange was weak, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand
and $4 84 for sixty days: posted rates. $4 85@
4 85% and $4 87V>@4 8S; commercial bills,
$4 83% @4 84%; bar silver. 51%c; Mexican dol
lars, 4lV>c; bonds — Government, easy; State,
inactive ;" railroad, firmer.
; Condition of the Treasury.
Stocks were idle but firm to-day, awaiting
the result of the peace conference in South
Africa. The American department was very
quiet. London at present is quite' apathetic,
in view of the high level of prices, and would
buy only on a considerable drop in quotations.
Union Pacific advanced sharply on buying by
the. Gates interests. Eight dollars a share is
given fre°ly for a double option to the end of
August, rrhe general list improved reluctantly
and the upward trend stopped when New York
orders ceased. Call money rates ran up to 2%
on settlement demands.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: -
London Market.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany cuotea aa follows, cer pound, in 10O-lb
bass: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c: Qry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (ICO-lb baes only), none:
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.S5c:
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c
barrels; 10c more: half -barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 60c more: CO-lb bass, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos— Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL. — Water White Coal, Oil, in bulk,
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in casss, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 69c per gallon in cases and
63c In drums and iron barrels.
OIL»~Callfornia Castor Oil, in cases'. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled,
78c; raw. 76c: cases. 5c more: Lucol, 68c for
boiled and C6c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c: cases, $1;
China Nut, 57%®68c per gallon;- pure Neats
foot, In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58 %c for Australian.
. COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyh, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, $8 50: Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13*25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Antiiraclte Egg, — j — ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Car.nel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 20C0 lbs and $3 50
per ton. according to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July. 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c.
General Merchandise.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1400; steady. Natives, $5 50@7 25; cows
and heifers. $1 50<J0 75; veals, $3@6; stockers
and feeders. $2 50@5 50./ . -. .
HOGS — Receipts, 6000; market 5c higher.
Light and light mixed. $6 90@7 25; medium
and heavy, $7 15<g7 21 Yr. Pigs, $4 25@5 25.
¦-SHEEP — Receipts, 1700; strong. Western
lambs. $6 25@6 90; Western sheep, $5@6 25.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, May 14.— CATTLE. — Receipts,
13,000; active, 10c higher. Good to prime
steers. $7@7 (50; poor to medium, $5@6 80;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@5 40; cows, $1 50
@6; heifers. .$2 50@6 50; canners 1 ,' $1 50@2 50;'
bulls. $2 75@5 75; calves, $2@0 35; Texas fed
steers, $5 75®6 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, 4000; market 5@10c higher.
Mixed and butchers', $6 95@7 42%;' good to
choice heavy, $" 35@7 50; rough heavy, $7@
7 25;v light, $0 90@7 20; bulk of sales, $7 05
@7 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000; market sheep
strong for choice; lambs, steady to strong.
Good to choice wethers, $5 75®/ti 30; fair to
choice mixed. $5 25@5 75; WeBtern sheep, $5 35
@6 30; native lambs, clipped. $5 25®U 60;
Western lambs, clipped, $5 50®« 05; Colorado
wooled lambs, $6 75@7. -: ,
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The Business Outlook.
but the firmness of the market was passive
and had no positive element in so far as could
be perceived. The trading fell near to the
p^int of stagnation and the day's total tran
sactions were smaller than for many months.
Union Pacific made some show of strength -and
was far in the lead cf all other stocks in point
of activity. Gossip was in circulation of an
Intended increase in the dividend rate on the
stock. Action on the dividend Is not expected
until July and it Is natural to suppose that
the course of the winter wheat and corn crops
between now and then will have a bearing on
the dividend action. The course of these crops
is Just now the subject of greatest uncertainty
in speculative circles and this uncertainty was
a large influence in the speculative halt in the
stock market which took place tb-day. "An
other cause was the anthracite miners' con
vention, which was in session at Hazleton to
decide whether to make the conditional strike
of the miners permanent. No light was thrown
on this question before the- close of the day,
but the coal stocks shared generally in the
firmness of the market. Another feature of the
day was the wide recoveries scored by some of
the high-priced stocks, which fell violently un
der the liquidation Monday. There were other
high-priced stocks in the inactive list which
sold to-day at wide decl'nes from the previous
sales. The money market was much quieter
to-day and there was no seeming difficulty in
obtaining call loans at 6 per cent or ' under.
The process pt borrowing in foreign money
markets was continued to-day, as. indicated
by the further decline in the sterling exchange
rate. The completion of some large syndicate
transactions and bond subscriptions which have
been In progress recently took part in re
lieving the moapv market and lightening the
pressure to tell stocks. The sub-treasury re
quirements en the money market are much leas
than last week, partly owing to increased pen
sion payments.
Bonds were dull but firm. Total sales, par
value. $3,270,000.
United States 3s declined % per cent on the
last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — , Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 7,400 79% 78% 78%
Atchison pfd 1,000 97% 97% 97V'
Bait & Ohio 1C0 106% 106% lOK'i
Bait & Ohio pfd 95
Canadian PaciSc .. 12,700 128% 128% 12M%
Canada Southern .. l,:;00 95 93% 94
Ches & Ohio 1.100 47% 47 47%
Chic & Alton 1,500 30% 35% 36%
Chic & Alt pfd 75%
Chic Ind & Louis. 2. 500 78% 77% 7S
Chic Ind & L pfd.. «800 • 80% S5% 86
Chic & East 111... 1.2U0 165/ 1(!2% 164%
Chic Great West.. 7.100 30% 2S% 29%
Chic & G W A pfd 88
Chic & G W B pfd. 500 49% 49% 49
Chic & Northwest. 1,500 253 248 2.">0
Chic R I & Pac... 3<!0 174% 17:}% 173%
Chic Ter & Tr 700 21% 21 21
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 1,900 39% 39- 39
C C C,& St Louis.. 600 100 105 104
Colo Southern 400 30% 30 29%
Colo Sou 1 st pfd 71%
Colo Sou 2d pfd 43
Del & Hudson 1,000 177 176% 176%
Del Lack & West C 275
Denver & R G 41%
Denver & R G ptd .'.'... .... .... 90%
Erie 4,000 37% 37 37%
Erie 1st pfd 100 C8 C8 C8%
Krie 2ci pfd 53%
Great Northern pfd 182
Hocking Valley ... 100 82 S2 81%
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 90% 90% 90%
111 Central 2,000 152% 152 152%
Iowa Central 200 4<i% 4i> .45%
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 84% 84 S3U.
K C Southern ll.WO 31% 30% 31%
K C Southern pH. 1,100 «l " 00% 00%
Lake Erie & West. «U%
Lak» Erie & W pfd 120
Lcuis & Nash 3.8CO 143% 141% 141%
Manhattan L 12,000 133% 132% 132%
Metropolitan St Ry 800 14S% 147% 14S
Mexican Central ... 4,800 2S% 27% 28%
Mexican National.. <jOO lH'-U 18% 15%
Minn & St'Louis.. 200 110% 110% 110
Mo Pacific r. 4.700 101 100% l<>0%
Mo Kan & Tex 7,800 25% 25 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 900 56% 56% ' 56
N J Central .- 1S6
N Y Central 1,100 157 156% 156%
Norfolk & West 57
Norfolk & W pfd 89%
Ontario & West 700 33% 33 33
Pennsylvania 4,900 150% 149% 150
Reading 46,400 (>5 04% ~C4%
Reading 1st pfd 100 84 84 83%
Reading 2d pfd 2,300 «!>% 69 IZ>%
-Ft L & S F flOO . 67 f>«% 60%
StL&SFlrtpfd. 200 83% 83% 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd 72%
St L Southwest 200 27% 27% 27%
St L Southwest pfd 1,700 60 R9 (iO
St Paul 14,200 1C9% 168% 109
St Paul pfd 189%
Southern Pacific .. ft.OOO CC% <io% 65%
Southern Railway.. 5.800 37% 36% 37
Southern Ry pfd... 1,3iiO 05% 95% 05
Texas & Pacific... 500 41% 41% 41%
Tol St L & West.. -100 21% 21% 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 38% 38% 38%
Union Pacific 81,000 105% 104% 105
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.100 87% 87 87
Wabash 1 1.200 27% 26% 26%
Wabash pfd 1,700 45 44% 44%
Wheel & L Erie... 100 22% 22% 22
W & L E 2d pfd... 200 30 30 35%
Wisconsin Central.. 1,300 21.% 2G% 26%
Wis Central pfd... 200 . 4S% 48 48
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American ' 220
United States ¦ 115
Wells Farsro .... 205
Miscellaneous- —
Amalgmat Copper.. 14.000 . CS% 67% C8
Am Car & Fndry.. 700 30% 30 30
Am Cp.r & F pfd.. .... 89
! Am Linseed Oil 400 24% 24 24%
Arc Linseed Oil pfd 52
Am Locomotive.... 700 31% 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd ."00 93 93 92 »~
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1,300 i.0% 46% 40 '
i Am Smelt & R pfd 06
Anaconda M'n Co.. 300 112 1J2 111
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2,200 O<;% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 8.200 302 100% 10f-"4
Consolidated Cats.. 1,200 223 222% 222%
j Cent Tobacco r>fd 120%
General Electric... 300 S23 C22 321
Hocking Coal POO 19% 19 19
Intematnl Paper.. 400 21 V> 20% 21%
lnteml Parxn- pfd.. 200 74% 74 79%
: Intematnl Power.. . 100 03 U3 ¦ 02%
* Laclede Gas' -.... 87
National Lead 100 20 20 19%
North American... 1,500 124% 125 123'
Pacific Coast : (T7
Pacific Mail 300 33% 39 3S%
People's Gas 2.2C0 102% 301% 102%
1 Pressed St**-1 Car.. Wi 4»% 43% 4. - {»i
Pressed S Car nfd.. 400. 84% 8t 84'
Puliman Pal Car 235
Republic Steel .700 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel nfd. 400 73% 73 72%
Sugar 3.S00 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2,200 0«% «.'',% CAV.
j Union Bag & P Co. 200 15% 15% 15%
Union B&P Co ufd - .... 82
TT S Leather 1,100 13% 13% 13%
TJ S Leather pfd... 200 8-1 84% 84
TT S Rubber 100 10% 16% Ifiy.
IT S Rubber pfd 58 "
U S Steel 8,400 41% 41 '41
IT S Steel pfd 5,100 91% fll 01
Western Union 300 91% 01% 01%
Total sales .370,000 shares.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...l09%L & X Uni 4s. ..103
U S ref 23 coup. . 1 0-.»% ' Mexican Cent 4s. 83U
i; S 03 reg: 10S iMex Cent 1st inc. .'53 ¦
U B 3a coup 108 Minn & -S L 4s...lOt s i
U S new 4.-; regr. .137% Mo, K & T 4s... 101
U S new 4s coup:137% Mo. K & T 2d3.. S2%
U S old 4s reg...lll |N Y Cent lsts 10t%
V S o!d 4s coup": 111 -N Y C *en 3%s..lO9
t: J? fa rag 105% IN J Cent cen 5s. 138 '
U S 5s coup ITiE'ilN Pacific 4s.. 101%
Atchison sen 4s. 103% N Pacific Ss. . 53%
Atchison adj 4s.. »4 jN & W con 4s... 101
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102%: Reading cen 4s.. !)0>^
Bait A Ohio 3%h. 06 ¦£ L-& I M con 58.116%
B & O conv 4g...IC6%:s L fir S F 4s 9!> "
Canada .So2ds.. .108%'St L Swstrn 1st«. 97%
Cent of Ga Of 100 >Pt L. Swstrn 2us. iU%
Cent Ga 1st Inc. S5 -S At A P 4s... 1)0
Ches A Ohio 4%s.lCS : So Pacing 4? (15 Ji
Chso & Ait 3%«.. H-Svj, So. Railway 5:3... 122
C. B & O new 4s. '•'<". Tfy.Sz Vr.r 15US..121
(', M&S P sen -is. 115 ,7c!. Ft L & W 4s. S-{
C & KW con 7s.'. 134 jUnior. Patiflc 4s.. 105%
C. It I & V -ls...r.lM: U Pr.c conv 4s... 107%
C.C.C&S L fc'f-n 4*.J#3%i Wabafih Jsts . . . .11!)V-
Chso Terrn 4s.... NT jv.'ab?^h 2.1t .....111%
Colo & So 4s.I... S*5 |WnbaFh deb B... 76%
1> & H G 4s... "...104 West Short 4a.T..114%
Krie prior lien 4s: 100% I W & L E 4s 93%
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$1 75® 2 per box, $1 25® 1 50 for No. 1 and 85c
®$1 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25@50c per box;
extra fancy, 85c® $1; Green Peas, 50@85c per
sack; Garden' Peas, $1@1 25 per. sack; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 3@4c per lb, Includ
ing Wax; from Vacavllle, 5@7c; Cabbage;; 75@
90c per ctl ; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25@2 per
box and crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 50@2 per
box for repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots. $1 per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75c per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 tor large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, 10@15c; Mexican
do, 10@12%c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles, 8@
10c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75c@
$1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $15@20.
j POTATOES — New - Potatoes. 2@2%c per lb;
old, $1 25@1 e5 for Burbanks from the river;
from Oregon and Washington. $1 75@2; Oregon
Garnet Chiles. $1 50@l t!5; River Reds. $1 30'rtf
1 50; Early Rose for seed, $1 (>5@1.75; Oregon
Burbanks, for seed. $1 65@1 75; Sweets, job
bing at $2@2 25. . ....
ONIONS— Oregon, $2 25; Australian. $3 50®
3 75 second hands: .new red, S0@90o»per sack;
Silversklns. 75c@$l per box.
The market, for' fresh vegetables was dull,
and all kinds were plentiful. Asparagus was
lower land a 'considerable quantity of the No.
2 was sold to the canners at prices within';the
quoted nSnge. The market is. overstocked with
Peas, asHhe canners have not been buying for
the past two days. ( • Receipts of Los Angeles
vegetables were moderate and most descrip
tions were quoted lower. Tomatoes from . Los
Angeles were in poor condition. Mexican To
matoes are cleaning up well at steady prices.;
New Onions were offering freely at the quo
tations. ¦ Old were unchanged. . The steamer
from AjMtralia brought up 063 crates. .
' New Potatoes were steady and moved off well
under a brisk local demand. Old Potatoes con
tinued dull. Burbanks from the river were
quoted lower and there was very little demand
for Oregon. Seed Burbanks : continued firm and
active. '• ¦ • .- • • • < . ,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are -for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less M
per cent shrinkage for ! cattle : .
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7Vic; thin Cows, 4@5cper lb.
CALVES — 5©5%c.per lb.<gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, - $2 50@2 75 per
luad or 4%@5c per lb livewelght; yearlings, 4
&4%c per lb.
- HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, t>$ic.
200 lbs and over, :6@0%c; feeders, 0®6%c;
sows 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent oft
and stags 40 per cent oft. from the above quo
tations.
Wholesale rates " from slaughterers • to dealers
rre as folloows: • • '
BBEF— 7©7%c for Steers and 6%@7c per lh>
f or Cows. '
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%@S%c; Ewes. 7%<5
8c per lb. . . . ¦ . • • • - ,
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9©10%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There is no further chang* to report.
DRESSED MEATS.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The cotton market
opened with prices 4@7 points higher: and
closed very steady with prices net 6@25 points
hgiher. ¦ •
New York Cotton Market.
Iron was firm here and abroad. ' Glasgow
closed at 53s 9d and Middlesboro at 48b Od.
Locally pig iron warrants were nominal. No.
1 foundry, Northern, $19 50@20 50; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, $1!) 50@20 50; No. 1. Southern
foundry, $18 50@19'50; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, soft, $18 50@19 CO.
Spelter was quiet, steady and unchanged
here at $4 45 .and at London declined Is 3d
to £18 10s. .
Copper was steady at New York, with a sale
of 200,000 pounds lake for June delivery at
$12 25. Standard copper was quoted at $11 65@
12 for spot, lake at $12 12%@12 37%, electro
lytic at $11 85@12 and casting at $11 75@12.
The London copper market stood at unchanged
prices at £54 5s for spot and futures. .
Lend was steady but unchanged here at
$4 12% 'and. £11 12s 6d at London.
NEW YORK", May 14. — A sale of twenty-five
tons for June delivery of tin .was made here
at $29 75, the market closing steady, with spot
at $29 90@30 10. At London spot tin declined
lCs to £130 5s and futures dropped £1 10s to
£131 15s." ' ,
New York Metal Market.
¦ There is nothing -new to report in Beans.
Supplies -.in dealers' hands are light and the
market is firm, but quiet.;" .
BEANS— Baj-os. $3@3 .15; small White. $2 50
@2 CO; large White. $2 50@2 CO; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Pink, ?2 15@2 30; Red, ?2.50; Blackeye,
$4 90@5; Limas, $3 C5@3 75; Red Kidneys, ?3 50
(S3 75 per ctl. ' ' %
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard,; $2 5C@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. ?2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%felJ.%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape. %%&
2'4c: Hemp. 3%c per lb.
• DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 C0©2j Green. $150
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds,
LIVERPOOL^
Wheat— ! May. July. Sept.
Opening ........ C l«i* .6 1% 6 3%
Ciosins - .0 1% 6 1% 0 3%.
, PARIS.
/Wheat May. Sept.-Dec..
Opening 22 00 20 35
Closing 22 00 20 40
Flour — -¦ -' . f ¦
Opening 26 70 \ 26 35
Closing ..20 70 26 40
Foreign Futures.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS-
Cons for money.. 951J1N Y Central..... iei
' Do for acct 95-4 N & W 59
Anacojida 5% Do pfd 92%
Atchison SI 1 /* Ontario & West.. 34%
Do pfd 100'i Pennsylvania .... 76%
Bait & Ohio \CQ\ Reading 33%
Canadian Pac ...131V- Do 1st pfd 43V4
Ches & Ohio 48^i Do 2d pfd 35V4
Chic G W 31 Southern Ry 3S!,4
Chic M & St P...17414J Do pfd.... 97%
D & R G..J. 43%! Southern Pac .... G7%
Do pfd...*T.... 93% Union Pac 108%
Erie 3SVi Do pfd 00
Do 1st pfd 67% U S Steel 42%
Do 2d pfd 57 Do pfd... 93%
111 Central 156 Wabash 27%
Louis % & Nash 146% Do pfd. : 45
M K & T 26 Spanish Fours ... 78%
Do pfd 60 -»..
Bar silver, dull. 23%d.
Money. 2%@2 : J4 per cent. >
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 11-10 per cent. -v.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - u S Steel..'...... 41 .
Call loans .5^(5 Do pfd '..91
Time loans.. :...4Vj©3 Westng Com ....105 .
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison 4s ..102% Adventure ... 23
Gas lsts 31% Allouez 314
Mex Cent 4s si>4 Amalgamated . .'. C7%
N E G & Coke.. CG% Bingham :5G^
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.555
Atchison 78% Centennial 19
pfd 97% Copper Range 5S%
•Boston & Albany. 2G2 Dom Coal. 137
Boston & Maine. .1517 Franklin 11 -
Boston Klevated.,104 Isle Royale 14
N Y N H & H 2.{2 Mohawk 39
I'nion Pacific ...105% Old Dom 19
Mex Central ..... 2S Osceola l>2
Miscellaneous — Parrot 26
Am Sugar 127% Quincy 125
Do pfd 118 Santa Fe Copper. 2\f 3
Am Tel & Tel 18<J Tamarack 171
Dom I & S 5ti\i Trinity 12%
Gen Electric 321 United States 20y 4
Mass Electric ... 44% Utah 21
Do pfd 97% Victoria 4%
N E G & Coke... 4 Winona 2%
United Fruit 107 Wolverine 54
Daly West... 43 United Copper 35%
XEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 11
£ Ilce • • -51 Ontario . 7 5U
"reec- ' 60 Ophlr.,;. ...I".'i5
Brunswick Con.... 11 1 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel ,. 05% Potosi . 25
Con Cal & V a 1 4lt:Savage . 10
Ueadwood Terra... 75|Slcrra Nevada 20
Horn Silver 1 40! Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver 72|standard S 30
Lead villa Con..... 05'
Eric ren its...... 8~M Wis Central 4s... 93%
F W &\D C lsts. 114 Cont Tobacco 4s.. 66
Hocking V'al 4%s.ll0V> I
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
78'/>c; No. 2 red, 74%c; No. 2 oats, 44c; No. 2
white, 40%c; No. o white,' 45V4@4^e; No. 2
rye, (JO%c; fair , to choice malting barley; 6959
72c: No. ¦ 1 flaxseed. )?1 GO; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 77; prime timothy, seed, - $G CO; 1 imess
pork, per bbl. $17 45@17 50; lard, perlOO lbs/
ifilO 40@10 42V 4 '". short ribs sides' (loose), $9 75
©9 S5; dry salted shoulders, (boxed), ¦ S@S%c;
short clear rides (boxed), $10 25@10 35; whl3
ky,'basis of hijrh wines, $1 o0; clover, contract
Erade, - ?S 35. -~ ¦ .'.-'¦
¦ Articles^ ~ .' : - - - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, : barrels . ... .". . . ;'. '. 24.0U0 v 30,000
Wheat, bushels ....". 59,000 • 114,000
Corn, bushels ...101,000 200,000
Oats, buahels .....242,000 257,000
Rye, bushels 1,000 . 49,000
Barley. bushel3 ¦ 49,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchanse to-day. the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@22c; dai
ries,- lS®20c. Cheese, steady, 12@13c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 14%c. ¦*
heavy, 13'-ic for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14Vke; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%® 14c; Mess Beef, $9tjO 50 per
bbl; ' extra Mess. $10@10 50; Family, $11@
11 50; prime Mess Pork, $15 50@16; extra clear,
$23: Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@
12 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $1 75; Smoked
Beef, 13»,i@14c per lb.
... LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c for, purer half-barrels,
pure,12%c; 10-lb tins. 13%c; 6-lb Uns. 13ftc;
U-lb tins. 18%c. -.¦-., ••
COTTOLENE— -One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barreis, lO&c; one tierce, 10-%c; two
tierces, lOftc; five tierces, 10%o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Cull3 and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. ¦ Heavy salted
Steers, 10>4@llc; medium, 9%@10c; light, 8@
9c; Cow Hides,-0c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light; Stags, CVa@7c; Salted Kip, 8%@9c;
Salted Veal. 9@0%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry
Hides, lo@10V'.c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry Kip. 11®
13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c: Culls and Brands. 15®
l(ic: Sheepskins. Ehearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 40@B0c each; medium, C5@75c; long
Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
@3 for large .and $2 25@2 50 for medium, $2
fcr small and 00c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium, $1<®1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins, — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted- Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 32%c. ¦" Goat- Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
S5c. >
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5&@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4V-@5c; grease. 2%©3>ic
WOOL— Spring— Northern free, 14@lGc; do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free, 13@15c;
do. defective, 12<S13c; Southern, 12 months. 0@
10c; do. 7 months. 0@llc; Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12©15c per lb.
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14o per lb for
good to choice. -
San Francisco Meat Market.
/ » - . • ¦¦ . - ¦ . . . ¦ .« -
$3<?T3 50 for. Bakers 1 ; "Washington^ Bakers'. $3®
3 CO. -
" : M1L.X.STUFFS — Prices ' in ' sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $J per 100 lbs;. Rye Flour. $3; P.ye Meal.
$2 7l>; : Rlce Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25- Hominy, tl(8>
4 25;" Buckwheat Flour $1 50@4 75; Cracked
"Wheat, $:! CO: Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour,. $3 25; Rolled Oata (barrels), $7 35@9; in
sacks. $6 S5@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50: Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas,' $G SO per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
All descriptions under .this head remain as
previously ouotetd. ' .
BRAN- $17018 00 per ton. - , ...
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 per ton.*
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $20 50@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the miil, 525#2<i; job
bing $20 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. ?30 50<g 31 50; Cracked Corn, ?31@.TJ;
Mixed Feed, 51C@17: Cottonseed Meal. $2ti 5o.
HAY — Wheat, - $9® 11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$'3 50011; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa. $S@U; Clo
ver, ?7@9; Volunteer. $0 50@S 50; Stock. $t@3
per ton. •
STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
THE SA^ FEANCI^CO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 15, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
Loral stocks mid bonds still quid.
Silver and Exchange slightly weaker again.
Wheat and Barley futures rather firmer.
Oats very firm in all positions.
Corn market practically cornered and held high.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Nothing uczv in Beans and Seeds.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
New Takers doubt stones of California fruit blight.
Provisions dull, but firmly held.
No further change in live and dressed Meats.
Nczv Potatoes in good demand. Old Potatoes dull.
Unions and summer V egetables offering freelv.
Poultry and Game as prci'iously quoted.
*' Fresh Fruits shozv little variation.
HBBBBBBBBBBBBSQBBBBBBlHH3BBaB!BBB9BBBBBBBBBBBBa
Q f'f WE OFFER FOR SUBSCRIPTION 1
i ' .•¦¦'? H
m First General Mortgage 4 Per Cent Sinking Fund Gold Bonds of the f£
m ; ¦'..-' ' . -. . . ¦ §
S" ¦ \ ¦-..-¦.fe'. : : >, - ¦'•-¦,-•¦•' ¦ B
S Principal payable on April 1, 1927. Coupons payable April 1st and Oc- S
S . tober 1st, at 92%. and accrued interest from April 1st \ if,
g The authorized issue of Bonds will be .$35,275,000 «
U There will be reserved to provide for. the present outstand- gg
B3 ing Bonds of the former street railway companies and gj
B for further improvements '..X 915,275,000 B
§ -: The present net income of the United Railroads of San Francisco is ¦
™ ample to insure regular semi-annual payment of its coupons and leave a *
hi surplus for a liberal Sinking Fund.
H Subscriptions will be received on 3
I THURSDAY, MAY 15th, 1902,. AT TEN O'CLOCK A. M., AND S
B CLOSE AT THREE O'CLOCK P. M. OF THE SAME n
B DAY, AT THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK' OF a
B SAN FRANCISCO, AND MESSRS. ANT. D
¦ BOREL & CO., SAN FRANCISCO. B
Eu ' Twt" p >iiiiiim vwMWii "wibwl»»moh'-JIUi 1 '."¦>'¦• H
EJ Subscriptions must be accompanied by deposit of FIFTY DOL- jjj
E3 LARS PER BOND subscribed, which deposit will be, returned on any a
¦ bonds not allotted/ the right being reserved to" award a" smaller amount B
g' than that applied for. -. v B
S. . . • ISAIAS W. HELLMAN. g
I . ' ANT. BOREL & CO.. g
H Sari Francisco, May. 12, 1902. Financial Agents. q
flSBBBBBBSBBBSBSBBBSBBBaBBBBBBBBaBBaBBBBBflBBBB
AUCTION SALES
FIRST SALE fc*
At STEWART'S HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD ST.
Fifty head gentle and thoroughly city broken
horses from 100O to 1700 pounds; also one com-
plete camping outfit. Horses now on exhibition.
Sale begins at 1 p. m. Monday, May 19. 1902.
Telephone Main 1150.THE SAN TRA^CISGO CALL, THURSDAY^ MAY 15, 1902.
14
v- DENTISTS. '/_ ) : _: r^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly f teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up ; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
© to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5. full set; all work painless and war r
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 60c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, . 14 Geary st — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st. - - - ¦ ¦ ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery Schcol ;
corset-making taught ; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st. nr. 7th & Howard.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. -24 Post St.. S. F.;
. catalogue free. ¦ . •
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ness College. 1236 Market Bt.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market St. '_
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. .
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ADDRESS Ayers' Business College. 723 Mar-
ket st. for their new catalogue; it Is free
and the nicest ln the State. '•> '
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, .elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
aye., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg.. penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFlllppe's Academy
of Languages,320Post ;estab'd!871 ;ablest profs.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free: mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
struction ; Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelllgsnce Offlce-^Furnlsh most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1283 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
EMPLOYMENT _WANTED — FEMALE.
A — SWEDISH woman with a child; good cook
and housekeeper. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter St. •
AN experienced American woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper in rooming-house, or
would take charge of linen room ln hotel;
best references; no triflers. MRS. WIL-
LIAMS. 11 Polk st.
GERMAN lady desires position as lady's maid,
nurse or stewardess on steamer or sailing ves-
sel. Call afternoons or address MRS. S., 00
Shipley st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call at G8 to 76 Ellis St., room 131,
- between 1 and 4 n. m.
YOUNG American woman, laundry and sweep-
ing; first-class laundress and light house-
cleaning; good reference; $1 50 day: Call
phone Fell 3161.
SWEDISH cook, with four years' references,
wants a. situation; is young, strong and will-
ing; wages not under $30. Call up Main 5472,
or write to MINNIE W., 425 Sutter st.
ELDERLY woman desires a position to. assist
with light housework and children; city only.
1111 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl for second work and waiting; no
objection to country. Apply at her present
place. 2440 Pacific ave.; reference.
CAPABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing, Ironing or cleaning. Call at 170
Seventh st. ;' no postals. |
AMERICAN lady, with girl 8 years, wishes a
place in family; city or country. 948 Mission,
room 1.
YOUNG widow with 2 children as housekeeper;
city or country. 3056 Twenty-fourth st
GIRL wants situation in small private family;
plain cooking. 2222 Post st
EXPERIENCED person who understands Ger-
man or American cooking, downstairs work
preferred, or will take housework. • 417
Clementina st. between Fifth and Sixth;
wages $25 to $30.
MOTHER and daughter wish to take charge
of a house during summer months; can give
references. Address box 918. Call office.
BY Protestant woman, a position as house-
keeper in private family; is fond of children
and good manager. Box 822, Call office.
DRESSMAKER would like engagements by the
day; $1 75; good Jit guaranteed. Box 820,
Call office.
YOUNG woman, first-class English and Ameri-
can cook, wishes situation in small family,
where second girl is kept; $30. Box 923, Call.
COMPETENT young woman desires position as
housekeeper or second girl. 1133 Guerrero st,
near Twenty-fourth.
YOUNG woman wishes chamberwork. Call at
286 Shipley st.
MOTHER and daughter wish positions in coun-
try; useful in all kinds of work: hotel,, re-
Bort or mining camp. Call branch, 2200 Flll-
• more st. ... ' '
SITUATION wanted in a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. Please Call'
Park Hatel, 26 Turk st. *
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 2Dc to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; freo
bus and baggage to and from terry. -
WANT ads and subscriptions taken fof The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 6U9 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established I at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ . ' ' - /
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subacriptiunj
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT. WANTED—. MALE.
YOUNG man from the East, experienced in the
chemical line, also knows how to manufacture
1 liquid fruit essences and bon bon flavors,
wishes position; have fine formulas for mak-
ing essences and flavors. ESSENCES, 724
Mission Bt. : : -' • ' ¦ ¦-' .- ..
YOUNG man, has served in Russian army, as
barber surgeon, wishes position In. doctor's
office; something new and more income. -Ap-
ply at once, J. E. AHLMAN, box 1773,' Call.
STRONG young man, aged 23, quick, active,
, willing to work; all-around driver, rider,
hostler; references. Box 1777, Call office.
TWO young men want work; handy, with tools*
wholesale house or factory preferred. Box
830. Call office. - \
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position
In a law office; object, to read law. Box
1774. Call office. , ¦ . ' .- ~ ?
GOOD Japanese cook wants a situation ln fam-
ily; $7 to $S week. 1908; Polk st; tel. Sut-
.- ter 2088. . . ' ; ; -- :> . ¦. ,- . ;¦,- ;.•-. : .
SITUATION as barkeeper by a young -man;
city or country. Box 1776, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED~MALE;_
YOUNG colored man would like a place to work
for a doctor ¦ or any private " family. 1412
Powell st. ." .: ¦ . - ':
POSITION wanted: experienced Eastern elec-
trical . engineer of university and technical
education; good references. Box 912. Call.
STRONG and willing young man of 21 would
like a. position in a .wholesale house where
there is chance of advancement. Box 916. Call.
GOOD hotel cook . sober and reliable, wants
place in country hotel. Address W. C. COL-
LIER, 10 Chelsea place.
AN Al surgical or medical nurse with physl-
clan's ref.; rates $1 50 per day. Box 1770, Call.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise; electric*, execution,
. strenuous imperturbable. ¦ N. R. G.. box
1011. Call office. '¦ -, ' ¦ " - - '¦
POSITION in hotel by man and wife; good all-
round hotel people; woman housekeeper, din-
ing-room or chamber work; man clerk, stew-
ard or. bartender. Address box 028, Call.
WANTED — Situation by young married man
as watchman, night or day, drive delivery
wagon S or general work ¦ in wholesale house;
good references. Box 028, Catl office. '
i THOROUGHLY practical wallpaper man wanU
, dtuatlon as jobbing or retail salesman; 10
years' experience with best Northern Pacific
rirms. Box S17, Call office. ......';¦
A PRIVATE stable or a few gents' roadsters
to care for, by an experienced trainer. Ad-
dress room 619, Winchester Hotel.
TEMPERATE able-bodied youngr man wishes
work in Alaska at mining. C. McGUFFIE,
S36 Illinois st. . . -¦
YOUNG Japanese pharmacist wants position to
do any kind work in drug store or laboratory.
Box 816. ' Call office.
WANTED — A young man wants -a position ln
laboratory. Box 011. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements -and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
! FINANCIAL. *
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks-and bonds sold;
investigate our 6 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; clocks underwritten 'on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st; established 1802.
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat, 7 rooms and basement rooms;
fine marine view. 2362 Vallejo st; key at
2364.
FLAT of 3 rooms; yard; cheap. 225-225^
Eighth st, near Howard. ' '
PIERCE. 2935 and 2937— $32 60 and $35; ele-
gant new 6-room flats, Just completed.
$20— SUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms,- bath and
yard. 16 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
ELEGANT top flat; 0 rooms and bath. 735
Minna st, near Ninth. ¦
PINE, 2132— C rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner, 2134 Pine.'
TWO flats of 3 rooms each; rent cheap. 3
Hampton place, near Third and Folsom sts.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
721% GROVE st— Furnished flat, 5 rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; piano; call after 10.
FLATS' FUR SALE i uU.MSHUU.
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an, 8-room modern sunny flat near Van
Ness ave., on Eddy st Address box 994, Call.
$375 — A, COZY flat of 5 rooms; beautifully fur-
nlshed; rent fM- S07 Ellis St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms; complete; new;
cheap. 8 Pine place,- off Pine st, near
Mason, upstairs...
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
OAK parlor set, oak chairs, bed-room fur.,
couch, hat rack, etc. 2S24 California st.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale, cheap. 17
Russ st.. flat 8. . - . - ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture. for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. # WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
p'rice for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will {
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave. j
' ' *~*~— ¦ - — i
HELP . WANTED — FEMALE.
1 AT~c7^. HANSEN~&"cO.'S.TT"429~Bush st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
A crew of waitresses, hotel, Arizona free
fare $25 I
3 waitresses, first-class hotel, near city.;. $25 ;
Chambermaid to wait, summer resort, short
.distance $20 ¦
1- Waitress, Mariposa, fare paid $20 !
Waitress, Watsonville ......$20 i
Fancy ironer, short distance $28 and found j
Waitress, Santa Cruz $20
Cook and waitress (man and wife), country
hotel, see party here, 1) a. m |C0
Waitress, city hotel, choice place.. $25 & fd
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Woman with a child, country, $15; cooks,
housegirls; city and country; waitress, pri-
vate lamlly. short distance, $30, references;
houseglrl and cook, Gilroy, fare here, $25;
houseglrl. Pacific Grove. $20; ranch cook,
$25; others too numerous to Itemize
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
A REFINED nurscKlrl to take care of one
baby, 20 months' old, $10; to go to Lake
Tahoe; room,- and board in the hotel; fare
paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush at.
A GOOD strong woman for general housework
for a nice American family; plain work; good
plain cooking; to go to New Mexico; $30 and
fare paid; party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 42« Bush st.
WANTED — 4 cooks, $30. $35, city and country;
4 parlor maids and waitresses,- $25; 8 second
girls, $20, $25; 4 cooks, small hotels, coun-
try, $30, $35; 2 houseglrls, BerkeWy, $25;
' cook, Oakland, $30; 3 waitresses, summer
resorts, $25; 2 waitresses for country hotel,
fare here, $25; 2 nurse girls, $15. $20;
laundress for Institution. $25; cook for chil-
dren, $25; French second girl and seamstress.
$30; chambermaid and seamstress,' $25; a
large number of girls for housework, city
and country, $25 and $30.- Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. ,
WANTED— A first-class German cook for 2 In
family; across the bay; $35; no washing.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A HEAD waitress, springs, north. $35; head
waitress, mountain resort. $30, fare paid.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WAITRESSES for first-class springs and re-
sorts, to start soon $25 and $20. MRS. M.
E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ¦
PANTRY woman, resort, $25. MRS. M. E.
DAY. 335 Geary st. '•¦ . .- ¦
NURSE, one baby, t) months' old, $30. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
3 Ironers, $30: 2 manners, $25 ; housekeeper,
$25; waitresses, $22 50. . ,-. : -.."
WOMAN to cook on a, ranch; $30; see lady
hero this morning; wages $30. MISS PLUN-
' KETT, 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdresslng, rnanl-
¦ curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; brln^ ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class: be-
ware of imitations; ours first and only college
of the kind on Pacific Coast. College. 233
y Geary St., rooms 13-15. ¦ ¦ ¦¦
WANTED — Good cook for; San Rafael; must
understand German or French cooking; no
other work, only cooking; wages $35; 2 in
family. Address P. O. box -45, San Rafael;
references. ; . • . . .
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. .
0 RESTAURANT waitresses,^:- $7 and $8 per
-week; ¦'. chambermaid, ; assist ; waiting, $20,
¦ country, see party here 10 a. m." Coast Emp.
Co., 502 Taylor st, phone Black 2194.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work; ¦> American family; wages $25. . In-
quire after 9 a. m,, 712 Cole st, near Waller.
WANTED — Experienced ' dry ' goods -wrapper.
Apply between 8 • and 11, ' a. : m. ' at HALE-
BROS.' .-,-" > .
WANTED — Experienced seamstress on coat and
skirt alterations. -Apply, between 8 and 11 a.
-' in. at: HALE 'BROS.' :'¦ ¦- ¦ , : .
A GIRL for ' housework and plain • cooking and
.assist In bakery. ' Apply 1794 Halght st.
GIRLS 'wanted. COLOMBAT'S Fringe- Fac-
¦ tory. ( U3 O'Farrell st. .; ; : ; ¦ , :
WANTED—^A good , cook; . to hel p with house-
work; good waces. 841 Hyde | Bt. •' ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Business Is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. (upstairs).
I Office near Call building.
Our telephone— Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
All houses fot sale on our installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
38 rooms, rent $80.... $1800
26 rooms, rent $60 $1300
WINSTON 28 rooms, rent $45.... $1100
• & 35 rooms, rent $65.... $2000
WOLF. 35 rooms, rent $80 $1000
1026 24 rooms, rent $42 $1300
MARKET ST. 20 rooms, rent $50 $S75
100 roams, rent $200 $6500
GOOD transient house; new iurniture $1800
36 rms.; mechanics' hotel: man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent.. 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et
We have' rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms: good location; Al furnished.. $S50
20 rooms ; sunny ; good renter 050
S rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rcoms; rent $37 50; make offer 000
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
S00 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
800 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains ln hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and. prices; ln all parts of city.
i • Money loaned, l 1 ,^ per cent.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to Inspection; kindly call at?
office.
• G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
017 Market st. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phene Mint 1911.,..
S5 ROOMS: rent $65: lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears
$125 a month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. For
particulars address box 1724, Call.
12-ROOM house for rent, cheap; or will take a
partner, one to run the business, as I wish to
go away; all rented and furnished for house-
keeping; clears $35 above rent, with 3 large
living rooms. Box S26, Call.
9 ROOMS; rent $45; good house; nice lawn;
' desirable location; new furniture; on account
of departure must be sold; price reduced to
$650. Address box 996. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10
(Glascow block).
LARGEST LIST— Lowest Price — Best Terms.
A. H. RETSLOFF.
900 Market, cor. Ellis (phone John 531).
NEWLY furnished paying house on Third st;
rtnt cheap. Inquire at S42 Howard st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 605 McAllister; 10c: Prof. McLaugh-
lin's marvelous demonstration of hypnotism.
BROCKWAY'S 6late writing and test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c. Readings daily 1052 Ellis st
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night S o'clock; only rriends admit-
ted. 10S4 Bush st; $1; Phone Larkin 4133.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $i;
letter $2. 1104 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
AESTRYA benefit: grand materializing seance;
8 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test toall to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The Great Reader of Human Destiny.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
THE FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT
AXD PALMIST EVER IX SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
Extraordinary clairvoyant power, combined
with his superior knowledge of occult forces
and the science of palmistry, enables him to j
read human destiny with unerring accuracy. |
He advises you whether or not you will be
successful in mining, business, speculations.
Investments, lawsuits, love, marriage, etc. He
tells you why you have poor health, poor luck,
unhappy homes, broken engagements; why
you are a failure in business, ln love, mar- I
riage, employment, games of chance, etc. By
proper advice he reunites the separated, . re-
stores lost affections, how to marry your
choice; makes you successful in your busi-
ness, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines, so that
success is sure." He has assisted thousands to
HEALTH. WEALTH and HAPPINESS who I
had given up in despair. WHY NOT YOU? |
Palmistry Taught, Mediumlstlc Persons De- I
veloped. 127— Ellis st.— 127.
___________
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
ln person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 50c — 5Oc — NO HIGHER. '" ~~
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs: reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fail call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist, Mme. J. Lyons, 1Q16 Market, parlors 8-9.
• MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles 50c,
| gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1" 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320A Ellis; clairvoyant. [
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without i
ques. ; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.*m.to 8 p. m.
j YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
¦ I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
i PROF. J. MYEKS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1200 Market
st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MME. RAVEXXA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
PROF. JOHNS, true palmist and clairvoyant;
card reader; ladies 50c; gents $1. 136 Sixth.
'¦ MME. ODELI\ clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
' read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521 V» Eddy.
MRS. HUBBARD, 100 Oak— Circle Tuesdays &
Fridays, S p. m.; Wed., 2 p. m. ; read, daily,
CARD reader and clairvoyant'; 25c. 1601 Mis-
sion St.: hours 1 to S.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings BOc. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
PROF. DESTINE, the first registered life
reader ever In San Francisco. 127 Ellis St.
25c — SPECIAL, one week. -PROF. MILES,
clairvoyant palmist. 1010 Mission, nr. 6th.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card roader; ladles
25c; gents 50;. readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor -work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
in? works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3^c yd ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet.8th&3th;tcl.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
•HCDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CITY Steam Carpct-beatlng Works. G? H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEIXERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No ': charge
unless cuccesBful. Room 310. »27 Market st
COTTAGES FOR SALE. . ,
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath, for sale; to b«
moved from lot on Steiner, bet - Oak and
FeU. H. GEILFUSS & SON. 120 Fulton st.
SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hares street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin street; open until 8:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
J096 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena '
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. ana A., _*
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be A
held in Commandc-ry Hall. Masonic Jgft
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «EEr
May 15, 1902. at 8 o'clock. Degree 9.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — *.
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _J_.
EVENING 7:30 o'clock. M. M. de- CJR
gi-c-e. By order of the H. P. v »
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and A. _
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) JJ\*
EVENING, May 15, at 7:30 o'clock. VLJ^
Second degree. By order of the Mas- • ~
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec
FinELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. ¦
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- ,J\_
UAT) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. »LX
Second degree. Fellowcraft Masons / i
cordially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Sec.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. _ .
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS __\_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at "^O^X
o'clock for second degree. By order ' V i
of the Master^ E. C. HARE. Sec.
IX5RIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. _
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#_,
EVENING, at 7:^0 o'clock. Third 17 3T
degree. Master Masons are cor- / V '
dially invited. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F. — Officers and §___Sl
members are requested to attend
meeting THURSDAY EVENING. '»'»•«'
May 15. at 8 o'clock. Initiation.
F. MERRIEUE. N. G.
A. LEON AURADOU. Secretary.
MASS meeting of the residents of Golden Gate
Valley, under auspices of the Golden Gate
Valley Improvement Club will be held at
Steimke Hall. Octavia St., between Green
and Union. FRIDAY. May 16, 1902. at S
o'clock p. m. MAYOR SCHMITZ and other
prominent speakers will address the meeting.
ANNUAL Meeting— The resmlar annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
1902, at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock d. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS WANTED. ¦
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott bldg.
CANVASSERS for the Home Vegetable Slicer.
Call 1073*4 Market st.. room 7.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room ;
C13: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mcrt- :
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections, ¦
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no ;
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: -open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st. !
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.: consultation free; no fees In advance. •
BICYCLED — For Sale or Exchange. |
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 3c5 Market, liRiS to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOCS, ETC. u , JLJ^
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE— :
335 and 337 Kparny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home with reflned family (2 adults) foi
child going to school, to board. $7 per month.
Phone Polk 2797; references exchanged. ,
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per month: estab.
years: the best Investment ln any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $S00; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
best located restaurant on ' Sutter st. ; sick-
ress compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $S00; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $750; CORNER delicatessen /;tore with
3 nice living rooms, In the choicest location
ln the city; rent $25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— $275; SALOON, with hall, in first-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. R.; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
A— $1250; HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage: all latest improve-
ments: first-class location. See li. G.
WILKE. 20»4 Kearny st
A— J950: SALOON tn wholesale district; rent
$42 60; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — f2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et. ; established Jor years and known as flrst-
( l&±s paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $y9; investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 2G^ Kearny st
A— CROCERY and bar; north of Market st;
good trade; living rooms, etc. • • • Butcher
t>hop in the Mission; horse and wagon; ice-
house, etc.; price $850. • • • Coffee and
lunch house ln central location; owner wishes
to leave city. • • • For particulars call
on JOSEPH STRAUB, S50 Market st
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, ealoons, hotels, cigar stands and
many ether business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
chanse. Call or write for our free list. HEA.
LY & CARE Realty and Mining Co.. 713
Market et., room 406; tel. James 4121.
$150tt— AN elegant oyster and chop house; best
location; clir-ap rent; dally receipts guaran-
teed $35 to $4<J; sells at sacrifice on account
cf sickness; look at this before buying else-
where. Apply P. S. DE LUCA. 31S Kearny
st., room 1.
A— 5300: PARTNER wanted ln established
buttons; $1S to $23 a week; too much work
for one; no night or Sunday work duties
light and easily learned; trial given before
_Jjuyin|^ „ G«ary st, room 1. ¦
RESTAURANT— $100 cash and $200 on time-
rood business for man and wife. McBRIDE
& CO., 7C5 Market st
AX employment office established 13 years-
M^CULL^^£££? h - Ca " 8t
GEXTLF.MAN or lady who can reach people
w:th money to Invest ln a company owning
a mountain of low-jj— ide. goid-bearlne ore
euperlor to Treadwell mln« of Alaska- di\-I-
dends will run lifetime thinning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest in a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg^San^Franclsco. Cal.
WANTED— Tailor to buy merchanrtallor "store
not far from city. Apply 619 Market St.. bet
S and 'J a. m. '
EESTAURANT for sale; everything new Hv-
ing rooms; bargain; cause of sale sickness.
Corner Sutter and Devisadero cts.
WANTED— Paying grocery and bar or ealoon
ln Cood location. Box 1772. Call office.
HOWARD and 19th — Grocery and bar- 4 Hvlic
rooms; stable; rent $15; price $300.
EALOON with rooms; Bmall rent; night and
day trade; $350: no agents. 70 Jackson st
RESTAURANT for e_le— Cheap. 133 Second
street.
COFFEE house- among larg« hotels; open all
nl;ht; a fine transient location: established
15 years; this !s a preat chance for a man
end -n-lfe: & furnished flat connected; rooms
a!l rented; no agents. Box 1771, Call office.
GENTLEMAN, middle-ace, married, occupying
position trust, wishes •engagement; acquaint-
ed entire Western coast; highest personal and
mercantile references. Box D13, Call office.
AN old-established restaurant: guarantee $100
per month: centrally located; must -sell at
sacrifice; going north. Bex 963, Call office.
$100— TOBACCO and cigar store with living
rcoms; rent $13; must cell. Apply 140 Firrt.
GOOD Inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Lc&venworth st
HORSES AXPJWAG^XS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600: well-
- matched teams, thoroughly broken: come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 24t»
Third st WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arca'de Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction s.ales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The famous- Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORM3BY.
2C Montgomery st.
FOR pale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived,
several, fine road and business hom-s. netr
buggies and harness. 1490 Market, ccr. lit—
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate av».
. NEW 5-ton platform spring wagon. 4 feet 1
inch wide by 12 feet Ions; bargain. HUNT.
HATCH & CO.. Eleventh St.. Oakland.
RUBBER-TIRE "buggy, Surrey, boulevard and
pony cart; in good repair. O'BRIEN'S. Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Good business buggy at 1375 Eddy
street.
TEAM of big ranch horses. $100; youngr. gentle
stud, will ride or drive. $50. 79 City Hall ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, b.uckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list nouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma--*
son, between Clay and Sacramento. App!£^
10 Ewer place. \~|
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner st.
near Eillls.
HOUSES TO LET— -FURNISHED.
COMPLETELY furnished. 1824 Paciflc~st7~cor7
Gough, from June 1; 10 rooms; sunny; marina
view; for 3 months or longer; $110 per month.
Inquire MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgom-
ery st.
FURNISHED, for not less than one year, or
will sell at a sacrifice; modern house. 12
rooms, bath, etc., including 2 kitchens suit-
able if desired for 2 families: fine order; larsr»
garden; reasonable to reliable parties. 12!>
Liberty st., near Twenty-flr3t and Guerrero.
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY.
MEXLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage. 7 rooms.
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
INVESTMENTS. ~
SPLENDID investment — Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract heart of town,
suitable to cut into lots. - THE INVESTOR3
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery at. S. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — One chestnut sorrel mare with long
tall sweeping the ground, attached to a
black business cart; harness; with San Jos»
saddle; liberal reward. HALEY BROS..
1081 Union st.
$10 REWARD; lost, Monday evening, at ferry,
small Scotch terrier: very old; had on collar
and license tax; answers by the name of
"Tuesday." Captain MARSHALL. 34 Eddy.
STOLEN — The young man who took a cherry-
- handled umbrella Wednesday a. m. at. 428
Montgomery st. will avoid arrest by return-
ing the same at the counter.
LOST— A pass book with the HIbernia Savings \
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ln the 1
name of MICHAEL S. GUNNING, No. ISO- /
1338. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Gray maltese cat marked with white.
wearing leather collar and blue ribbon. Re-
turn to 425 Buchanan st. ; reward.
LOST — 1 diamond, 1 pearl set goid ring: re-
ward. Box 834, Call.
LOST — Gold plain locket; monogram L. V. ;
liberal reward. A. HOFFMANN. 13 Third st.
$5 REWARD— Small Yorkshire terrier; name
"Bobs." Return to 21 01 A Webster st.
LOST — Pearl sword pin. Return 253 Spear st. ;
reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needa old gold
and silver to make new watch cases. -
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order: also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
•shades. J F. Hotter. 721 Mission :teI.Main ISO.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or ln trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinat»
cases; free, confidential advice on all subecta
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt, op. 5th.
MRS. IX KOHL — Well-known reliable ladies*
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to J>. IWtfft
Market st., opp. Fifth and near Powell..
MRS. D. WYETH — Well-known ladles' special-
ist. 30 years' experience; home ln confine-
ment. 728 Post St.. bet. Jone3 & Leavenworth.
MRS. SWEET. 603 Guerrero, nr. ISth, a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.'
experience ln midwifery cases, takes ladies be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm. _
&board $5 week; all who are sick or In troubl* f
consult me before going elsew're. TeLBlue41_,- r
DR. AXD MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment Moved from
1228 to 112C Market st. "
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital: home fcr infants frea;
feo low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLE^J. HIS Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market st. near SixtX
treats ladies only; relief ln all cases taken.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 page*, ln wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FORJALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlneryTTiclS?^
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 185-197 Fremont St.
8 FINE oxidized Iron fixtures and fittings for
Welsbach lights, with shades and chimneys-
these were expensive fixtures, but will sell
k cheap, as they have been replaced by electrio
lights. Apply at 2800 California st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new. cost
&£ £" TO en c5ii°Smif r * 10 ° caslu
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma*
ch'nery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants S2 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4^7 -Montgomirl.?
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y. I
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st. >
BO r A^.?i. T l aunche *- rowboata carried la stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllm3. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SA .rF5~^ New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boiler*
go to P-J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co., 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BUL_»RP & BRECK. 131 Post st
CI i*\} P £? T * na best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MISCELLANSOP3 WANTS.
AN old English blackletter Bible, also Testa-
ment bound in leather, one had brai-s clasps,
once property of Sinclair Klrtley. lawyer, of
St. Louis and Sacramento a "49er contains
, family records. P. M. Cooke, Colonial Hotel.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office, 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 4S4.
WANTED — A good second-hand mimeograph.
. Apply to VAL. A. DEASY. 632 Market rm.8.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins- j
send postal; will call. Box 49C0. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all slBes. any
condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks..41STur_
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL.
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. ! 32% FREMONT
BT.; MR. DAVIS.
Hairdressing-, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
' and with private customers, ?50 to $75 mo.; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 34.
WANTED — A lady stenographer; one with
some knowledge of bookkeeping preferred.
[ , Box 1775, Call. : •
YOUNG woman to assist with cooking and
housework; no objection to woman with
young child. ¦ 21)00 Bush st.
WANTED — French chambermaid; city refer-
ences; call between 10 and 2 p. m. 1102 Van
Ness ave. . . -. • , .
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
aeeertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
HONEST girl, about 16. light housework; fam-
lly of 3; $12. ,1722 Devisadero st., nr. Sutter.
LADY compositor wanted at 51C Commercial st
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework.
1410^ Geary st.
WANTED — Girl to care for child. Call tn
morning at 1104 Ellis St., cor. Gough.
WANTED — Lady piano player for roadside
house in country. Box 924, Call office.
APPRENTICE wanted on tailor-made suits.
1610& Bush st. '
LADY from 45 to 55 years will treat free for
wrinkles; no surgery or electricity used. Har-
ris Institute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter st,
Bowhay building.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers' on vests,
and finishers on pants. BELASCO & H AR-
RIS CO.. 541 Market st ¦
VACANCY to- be filled at once by woman of
ability; rare opportunity for right party.
Box 920, Call.
WANTED— Al cloak and suit saleslady; state
salary wanted and where employed. Box
910. Call office. ¦ ,
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
small family; no cooking. 1831 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists;
good pay. A. & H. HOFFMAN. 723 Market.
WANTED — Shoe fitters on dry and wax thread
work. 26 Main st. **
WANTED — Presser on wool and silk waists.
San Francisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market st.
WANTED — Girl to work ln a small restaurant
258 First St., near Folsom.
EXPERIENCED operator on gents' custom
and stock shirts. .Rogerson's, 535 Valencia st
PANTS operators wanted bv S.' N. WOOD &
CO. "Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. . Apply at factory, 27 Geary st
WANTED — Experienced shtrtmakers. EAG-
' LESON & CO.. 535 Market ft. . - •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call br»nch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st • '
HELP WANTED MALE.
A— MUR.RAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848
. . .Leading Employment and Labor Agents. . .
Office Open 7 a. m. . . \
3000 Railroad Men...:..
To Salt Lake Division. Ta Palisade. To Reno.
To Wadsworth. To Elko. To Moleen, etc.
S. P. R. R To Nevada C. P. R. R.-
S. P. n. R To Nevada C. P. R. R.
Free Fare. —
, Come One, Come All
«75 teamsters— Free... $2 25. $2 50. $2 75 day
67 rockmen — Free.. *2 50 a day
60 drillers — Free.... $2 50 a day
759 laborers — Free $2 a day
76 car dumpers — Free.... $2 25 a day
79 concrete laborers — Free $2 25 a day
Fare... Ship to-day on the above work... Free
.... .S. P. R. R-— C. P. R. R
:. SANTA FE R. R
20 laborers' for Santa Fe Company's own
work on the different divisions — Free lare
MECHANICAL HELP
Farmer and wife, see boss here, $53 and
found; gardener, institution, $20 and found;
can washer, city, $25 and'tound; 25 carpen-
tei^, city Jobs, $3 to $3 50 a day; 3 carpenters
for a mine company, north, $90; blacksmith,
company work, country, no shoeing, $2 75 a
day and found; 16 blacksmiths lor other
Jobs, $2 So to $3 50 a day; cabinetmaker,
city, $3;.2 crane men for steam shovel, Ne-
vada, $00; bench hand, country planing mill,*
$3 a day; 2 carriage -painters, $3 a day. '.;,.'.
........ MISCELLANEOUS .V..?,.
Brick burner, man used to burn without oil.
$75; 5 stablemen. $50, $60; man to help
gardener, German. $-5 and found; boy es
clerk for country hotel, $15 and found; let-
terer and designer, stencil work, $10 a week,
'etc • •••
SAWMILLS AND WOODS
Screw turner, sawmill, $50 and found; screw
setter, sawmill, $70; pond man, fare $2, $i5
and found, gcod Job; shingle packers, thingle
sawyer, woodsmen, 215 laborers to ¦ work In
sawmill yards and woods, $30 to $05 ar.d
found fare paid; 10 lumber 'pliers, $30 and
found,' fare paid; 10 men fcr sawmill, Hum-
boldt "•
1 RANCHES— FARMS
8 men to run mowers. $40 and found; 75 hay
makers, $30 to $40 and found; 15 ranch taam-
i sters, $30 and found; 2S farmers, steady Jobs,
$2G to $35; 15 choremen and chore boys. $20
to $30 and found; 13 chore boys. ¦ private
places, $10, $15 and $20 and found; 10 fruit
thlnners and pickers, $30 and found; German
farmer for park, $25 and found; 30 men for
a large syndicate ranch, $30 and found; 18'
milkers, $30 to $40 and. found; 4 butter-
makers, 3 cheesemakers: choremen. private
place, make a little butter, $25 and found
MINES^QUARRIES — LABORERS . . . .
4 miners, 8 hours, $00 and found; 15 laborers
for' mines; 25 quarrymen, $60; 10 laborers,
I city $1 75; S laborers. .$1 40 a day and
found; 12 laborers, city $42 and found; 10
laborers, factory work, $1 50.
. .......... HOTEL
BAKERIES - ETC.. ETC.
Camp cook, $9 week; cake baker, country
shop $45; boy to learn bakery business, city;
bakers' helpers, $25 and $30; bakery wagon
driver..
Cook, ranch. $40; camp cook. $40; cook, four
men on farm, $20; cook, sevan men on fruit
farm, $30; IS cooks, . country and city Jobs;
cook, country hotel, 20 boarders, $40, easy
Job; 14 porters. 15 kitchen hands,' 10 dish-
washers, etc.. '.
- Hundreds of other positions not advertised.
Call and read our bulletin boards
MURRAY & READY. . .. . .634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL cook and wife, $S0; short order cook,
country, $40 to $50; night cook and waiter,
$35; hotel cook, $60; 2 cooks for men, $25 and
$40; restaurant waiter, country, $30 and
found; ! dishwashers, vegetable men and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento Bt. ¦-
CREAMERY butter-maker, $50 and -found;
laundry wagon driver, $25 and found: deck-
hand, for dredger, $35 and board; 20 laborers
for city, $2 day; 20 laborers for quarries and
mines. $2 day: 50 laborers about mill and
woods, $1 75 to $2 25 day and $30 and $35
and board; 3 lumber graders, $2 50 . day;
farmers, $1 25 day and $25 and $30 month;
milkers for Del Norte, San Joaquln. San Be-
nito and Sonoma counties. $30 and ~$35; 2
farmers and wlves,«$45 and $50; milker and
' wife, $45; 2 teamsters, $1 25 day and board;
choremen; stableman, private family, '$55.
and others. J. F. CROSETT &• CO., 628
Sacramento st. '- -.,¦
MILLER, SCO and increase; young man to learn
creamery business; blacksmith's helper, city,
" $2 day; 8 carpenters, city and country, $3 50
day: donkey engineer. $3 day; spooltender,
¦ $2 50 day; butcher: cari-iase painter, $2 50
to $3 50 day; carriage woodworker, $3 to
$3 50 day; edgerman, $3> day; shirt ironer.
$35 and found; ranch blacksmiths, $40 and
$50 and .found; boys for factory, 75c to $1
¦ day; harness-maker, country: boy to assist
Janitor. $30, and others. J. F. CROSETT v &
CO., 623 Sacramento st. ,
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St., near Call bldg.. phone Bush 405.
¦. . . ; RAILROAD LABORERS . .
-....FREE FARE ..FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. .$2 25 day
50 concrete men.... .'..' $2 25 day
'. Office fee. ' ?1 ..'...' :.... No other expenses
.......... FOR LUMBER WOODS / . ...
1 head logger for donkey.. $65 and board
2 crcsscutters... $10 per month and board
1 4 woodsmen. ?40 per month and board
¦ ' 6 ewampers. ....... .$33 per month and board
6 graders on road — $35 per month and board
2 doggers.. .... ..$57 .10 per menth and found
• 2 hook tenders. ..$57 CO per month and found
10 lumber pliers. ........ .$2 to $2 23 per day
Teamsters and laborers. ' city ....... $2
. 6. paving-block- makers.. ..$2 25 per day
Fare - $1. I bach I or board where they please.
: ..All kinds of hotel and restaurant .help, city.
. CAL. : EMP. ¦ AGENCY. 50 Third st.
MAN ¦ and wife for hotel in country; . grood
¦wages; see lady' here this morning. MISS
, PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
Man to cook on; a ranch; $30 and found; see
lady here this morning.- MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell. -
MAN »and wife for a ranch; good wages to
right people;; see boss here at 10 a.;m. to-
day. J MISS J*LUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, near
...¦iPowell." . • ' . -.-¦;•'
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Cook,' $14 a
- week;: assistant cook, $30; lunch cook; vege-
table man, $30; assistant gardener, $1 a day
and found; teamster on.a ranch, $1 a day;
gardener and milk 2"cows,',?25; man to milk
cows and do chores, $20; dishwasher, $30, etc.
! BUSHELMAN: steady Job; good salary. PAU-
I SON. & CO.; 200 Kearny st. ,
: .' ¦ > : --~- :¦' :". ' ¦ "-¦' . V ¦ ' ., . ' -
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 420 Bush st.
• New Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men $2 to $2 25 a day
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen, machine men, drillers, muck-
ers and outside laborers, $1 75 to $3 a day.
An electrical engineer and machinist who can
set up machinery and run it for a tunnel,
$100 and found.
A bookkeeper and timekeeper for a railroad
camp, experienced business man, camp expe-
rience preferred, see \ party here.
5 plain ca.-per.ters for R.'R. camp $3 day
3 blacksmiths. R. R. camp $3 day
Track foreman, railroad $3 day
C. R, HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Wanted for summer resort, night clerk, as-
sistant clerk, head porter, colored head wait-
er and craw, chef and crew, all-around laun-
dry man. plain work. ~"
A wcrking head waiter, country hotel; C wait-
ers, $30; second cook, $70; hostler, summer
resort, $30, free fare; cashier, restaurant,
city, $30: 20 kitchen hands, dishwashers and
. others, $20 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush st.
A — MAN and wife for ranch, $60, see party
here. *
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary~st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
2 "orters, $20; head waiter, $50; porter,. $25;
bellboy, $15.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate, habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st, San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
BOY to drive butcher wagon, ref. ; boy to work
about hotel, country, $15. see party here 10
a. m. -, elevator boy. $15, room and board,
ref. Coast Employment Co.. 502 Taylor st,
phone Black 2194.
BRICKLAYER to set up furnaces and ranges;
must be a clean, quick worker, sober and re-
liable and be willing to work at shop work;
steady Job; fair wages. Box 833. Call office.
WANTED — An office man for keeping petty
account ledger; must be accurate. Call, with
application ln writing. Superintendent The
Emporium.
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — To-day, steady sober man for light
Indoor business; must have $200 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around.
For particulars see STRAND. 1007% Market.
$100— PARTNER ln a good paying cigar store;
rent $10; located in a wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work. Inquire 257 Fourth
st. near Folsom.
BOY 14 to 16 with some experience ln men's
furnishing goods store to do errands, make
himself useful. GIBSON'S, 1204 Market st.
3 GOOD advertising solicitors; experience un-
necessary. Call before 10 a. m. at 501 Geary
St., room 55.
WANTED — Restaurant cooks, waiters, porters
and kitchen help; no fee. Apply at 526 Mont-
gomery st, room 1.
EXPERIENCED men's underwear salesman to
act as manager and trim windows In thia
city: reference. B<Sx 821. Call office.
WANTED— Miners for Alaska; $6 a day and
board; must pay your, own fare. Apply at
Golden Gate Mining Co., 425 Montgomery st.
WANTED — A thorough experienced clothing
and furnishing goods man; references wanted.
62-66 Third st
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and
push; gocd opportunity for right man. F. i
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. *
WANTED — Boy to work in laboratory. Apply
40 Ellis st, room 30.
: ERRAND boy; must know the city. Union
Photo-Engraving Co., 144 Union Square ave.
i WANTED — Salesman with experience in drug-
; gists' sundry line. Address box 832, Call.
j WANTED — First-class painters at 463 Geary
| st., near Taylor.
! FIRST-CLASS, sober bedmaker wanted at 140
Third st; call at 9 o'clock.
i GOOD bushelman wanted. Room 115, Phelan
| building.
; COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
j Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
j WANTED — Cabinet-makers. Home Manufac-
j turingr Company. 556-55S Brannan st.
i .
i WANTED — A couple of good reliable men for^
J nailing. TOGO Bryant st
j WANTED — Boy of 16 or 17 years, residing
i with parents. Box 1745, Call office.
! FIRST-CLASS presser on custom coals, $25 per
\ week. 40 Ellis st.. room 64. .
. ERRAND boy for drus store; give age and
j residence. Box 1779. Call office.
! A GOOD tailor for busheling. 827 Sutter st,
; near Leavenworth.
¦ WANTED — A lunch »cook. Apply H. TIET-
I JEN, NW. cor. Third and Berry sts.
! WASTED — Dishwasher ln small restaurant.
j 603^ Post st
J WAITER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos ave.;
j ?5 per week and found.
| DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos
: ave.; $15 per month and found.
j WANTED— A good tailor for busheling. 625
| Commercial st.
| MAN to help ln kitchen; $15 and found. 507
¦J Mission st.
I '
i GOOD cook wanted. ' 521 Kearny st
I WANTED — A blacksmith helper. 437 Fraii-
I Cisco st
I WANTED — An energetic and reliable city
salesman, thoroughly experienced in the re-
tail liquor trade; salary and commission.
Address P. O. box 2555, stating references
and experience. . ¦
WANTED — All-around printer; must be good
job and ad. man, rapid, willing and under-
stand presses and presswork, both cylinder
and platen; no boozer need apply. Address
\V. J. HILL, Salinas, Cal., stating age, quall-
] flcatlons. etc. | . ,
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not. over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruit ins
Office. 40 Ellis et. San Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBEK COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
50 , MEN for work at Nome; $5 a day and
| board; steady Job; reliable company. 523
I Market st. .
YOUNG man 'wanted as collector; must have
• good references. Box 914. Call.
| WANTED — Barber; young man. 1305 Park
st, Alameda. opposite Park Hotel.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop; central; good trade;
snap. Box S19. Call. .
WANTED — A strong, steady boy for carrying
¦ out orders or to make himself generally use-
ful ln bakery. Ill Larkin st.
WANTED — Boys, girls, young men and solder-
ers. Apply American Can Co.. factory Sev-
enth and Townsend sts., city.
STRONG boy to assist as fireman ln planlnir
mill. 237 King St.. near Third.
COAT-MAKER wanted; call early. 1274
Union st.
BARBER shop for sale, with 2 living rooms-
rent $10. 021 Harrison st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale in San Jose
Inquire of STOLTZ. 723 Market st S F "
j or 140 , Powell st.
i McDONALD & PERRY, new and second-hand
United States army. shoes. Hil Third st.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
I yrice. 56a Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
i to-COc. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
S 2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
j sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED— Solicitor. 'Call at 1322 Pacific st
between 8 and 10 a. m. ¦ " .
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st '
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. room 40. Ph«lan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post Q.A.R.
B0 2« MEN to ,. buy o^ ew and 2 <*-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 0^3 Howard st.. nr. 5thl
WINCHESTER House." 44 Third st. near MarJ
. ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements acrt
subscriptions ; has . been established at loau
I Valencia «t. I - .
'¦ :.'. ' '¦' ~". HALLS TO '-. LET.
FOR « n t-Te"tonia —ftll/1332 Howard St.. bet
,9th and 10th. for a term of years; barroom
large and small halls and all fixtures connectl
It t nei *wlth. For particulars, address y.
' HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 400 Eighth.Loaves Large Estate
¦ -The 'estate,; of the late Edith Dorothy
Creede has been appraised at $53,017 3O. T It
consists of .'real estatei.in . Los'Angeies,
•worths $35,000; improved . property in.thia
city, : worth; $8560; -personal property+val
ue_4. at ¦ $958 60, ; and $8558 80 cash. , • ,y ; i . '
OFFICIAL.
The Original Xittle Louisiana Com
; i pany [oi j. San ' Francisco. .;'¦ '
; Established January^ 1887.
SPECIAL "NOTICE TO .THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes are
placed -before the public from time to time we
would respectfully ' call the attention of < pur
chasers of. tickets to see. that their tickets read
as 3 follows : . ¦
THE ORIGINAL" LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
'¦ PANY OP SAN FRANCISCO. ESTAB- V
_ . . LISHED JANUARY, 1S87. / . . . '¦'¦
. l Each coupon .will , bear the initials in large
letters, M. & F., on the face of the tickets
¦The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by- the HONDURAS NATIONAL LOT.
TERY COMPANY. Drawing May 10 1902
No. 1727 wins' $7500 00; sold In San Fran
clsco,' Cal. No. 28, 830 wins $2000 00; sold m
Suisun Cal.. No.".45,3tJ5 wins $1000 00; sold^ln
San Franclscd, Cal. l- No. 80,074 wlhs $500 00
sold in" San Francisco, Cal. : No* 11. .'534 and
75,601 each wins ' $250 00; ' sold in ¦ San Fran
cisco. Cal. ' Nos. 53,6.17/ 79,003, 80,143, . DO 0;!>
and 07,547 each wins $100 00; gold In San Fran
cisco, Cal. . -- - ¦¦ .¦¦•_ ¦ . ' m :i
—OF THE——
NUMBERS
Honduras laiiooa! Lottery Co.
; , (LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.)
PATENT APPLIED . FOR.
Single Number, Class "E,".' Brawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C A.,
Saturday, May 10, 1902. .
No. ; Prize. |No. Prlze.JNo. Prize.
.'.119..;.. 16 240..... 16 359 24
424..... - 24 450..... 16 454 16
4«2..... 80 -765 . > 40 063..... 16
1109. 16 1122 16 1560 ltt
1018 16 1727 30000 1S33 24
1SHI9..:.. 24 2033..... 40| 24«4 80
2736 40 2749 16 2S01 10
-2S29..'... Hi 2844...... 10 3064 1«
3097 24 3162.:... 24 3273..... 40
3448 16 3494 16 3526...... 24
3838..... 120 3841 16 3S2S 16
3944..... 16 3956 24 4030 10
4097..... ,16 4153 10 4200 16
4207 IS 4225..... 24 4269..... 16
4513,.... 40 4547. 16 4588 80
49*9..... 16 5000..... 24 6021 80
5119 40 5201 . 80 5206..... 40
5305 40 5«58 80 5«90 16
5751..... 40 5771 40 5800..... 24
5S56. 80 5862..... 16 C019 16
6186 24 6256 24 6296 40
6321..... 40 6410 24 6418 : 120
6427..... 16 6598 . 24 6812 16
CS55 16 7033 24 7058 2*
7172 120 7272 c 24 7527 40
7534..... 16 7570..... N 16 7633...... . -16
7B06 16 7706 16 7741 80
776S..... 24 7S00 40 8014...... 16
8120 16 8147 16 8197 ' 16
8559 80 8634..... 24 8661..... . 24
8C85 16 8837 1C 8858 16
9001 24 9100..... 24 9139..... SO
9150 24 9320..... 16 9442 16
10039..... 16 10158 40 10236 .24
10699.1... 40 10750 24 11024 .".'40
11043 16 11139 16 11175 24
11183 16 11244..... 16
11264 16 11334 1000 11511...... 24
11649 40 11570 80 11661....: 16
11676...'.. 16 11706..... 24 11856 16
12210 16 12243 80 12258 16
12S25;.T.~. 16 12406 16 124S8 * 1«
|12590 16 12627 80 12725..... 40
13057..... 1613104 16 13239 .24
13251 24 13281..... 16 13463 130
1J.&JS ., 40 13549 40 13669 80
1.S800..... • 24 13954..... 16 14065 40
14©S£:.... 16 14105..... 24 14188 16
14219 16 14233 40 14236 .16
1424*..... 24 14380 "24 14456 80
14576..... 16 14698 24 14757 SO
¦1-1S42 -40 14849 1*14877 16
14S0S 8014996 V, 15W) 40
15107..... 1615170 24 J52i>J..... 10
15270..... 16 15428 16|15tU. Si
154W. 24 15470 16 154*7 4«
15631 24 156<W 40 15697 16
15747 . 40 15851 16 15908 40
15842. 241COO2..... 40 16014 16
ieO92..... 1616226 4016439..... 24
16675..... 2416714..... 24 16880 24
16953 80 17008..... 16 17143..... 16
17181 16 17200 40 17326 40
17334 16 17347 40 17542 16
17027 16 17737 16 17753 16
37789 "24 17817..... 24 17825 . 1«
; 17SS2 24 18018 . SO 18154 16
18195 24 18287..... 24 18302 16
18409..... 120 18418..... 16 18410 40
118193..... .2418521.:... 16 18689 1«
18787..... 40 18S02. 40 18803 16
1M)76 16 19111 4019130 - lft
19344 " 1610378..... 40 19388 24
19453 . 40 19464 16119866..... 24
19927 . 4019951 16|19983 40
20014. 24|20062. 24 20063 16
20159 1620185 1620222..... 24
20339 4020386 4020405..... 18
20538 1620573 24 207B5 16
20050 1021055..... 16 21132 16
21176 8021313 1621321..... 40
21384..... 16 21398 . 24121550 16
21567 16 21585..... 16121606 40
21G56...:. 24 21797 80 21818 40
21943 16 22012..... 24 22026 18
22085 10 22093 24 22276 80
£2315 1622326 4022416..... 36
22U70 - 16 22740...... 16122838 24
22855..... 24 22961 24|23095..... 24
23107 24 23153..... 40|23277 24
23333..... 162S484 80|23506 24
23507 1623717 24123728 16
23824..... 24 23834 40]23920 24
23938 24240S9 24124235 18
24444 24 24599 16|24605 40
24S0S 16 24924 16124996 40
25012 24 25197 16|25220 24
25302 24 25600 80 25660 16
25C94 8025865 24 25933..... 24
26061.'.... 24 26247 -1626384 16
26456..... 24 26557 ,.16 26584 24
20889..... 1627065 1627068..... lfi
2709C 4027102 24 27165 10
27700..... 16 27732 80 27733 1C
27S15 24 27840 24 27918 16
27923 16279S5 80 28013 24
28032 8028*125 16 28127 40
2S207 8028209 16 28255 120
28323 24 28493 80 28531 80
28549 24 28568..... 24|28806 40
28830..... 8000 28904 ' 24128910 10
28958..... 1629108 16 29125 16
29251 24 29254...... 40 29299 16
29315 * 2429483 25 29527 21
29590 ' 24 29717..... 24 29801 16
29967 . 24 30011 16 30128 16
30225 16 30245 - 24 30296 24
30320 40 30321 "24130428 120
30427..... 16 30456 24|30502 16
30510..... 4030621 16130700 16
30701 80 30796 16130848 16
£1021.;..'. 16 31131 40131214 . -16
31272. 40 31308 16131334 16
61370..... 8031403..... 24|31527..... 16
81533..... 8031628 16131965 24
32007..... 1632037 16|32071. .. .. 40
82198..... 40132254 80 32463 16
32571 . 16 52601..... 24 32844 80
33007. 16|33077 16133140 16
83358..... 1633385. 40133399 40
33510..... 80 33846 40 34021..... 40
34264 16 34461 16 34465..... 40
34500 16 34500 40 34519 16
34711 2434755 40 34770 24
34850 16 : '¦' r?-"
35167 40 32209 80 35235..... '' 18
35241 1635254 . 1635313..;.. 4Q
35329..... 1635357 40 35439 40
35662 24.35700 40 35819 ' 10
35874 1635917 1636022..... 24
3G577 16 36806.:.*.. 16 36965..... 40
37335 16 37500 24 37540 80
37559 1637630 4037710..... 16
37719 1637720...... 24 37830 24
37876 80 37893 ' 16 37038..'. . 24
37053 -.1638083 24 38123 120
38299..... 120 38493 40 38640 40
38602 24 38655..... 24 38097 40
38699..... 1638700...... 1638896....' 40
39074..... 10 39139...... 8039187 40
39283 ' 80 39292 16 39313... . 24
393S3 80 39410..... 16 39445.. . 4ft
39502 2430568. 120 39598 40
39726..... 16 39704.^.. 16 39871 24
S&909 . 2440020.7... 1640081... .. 40
40076 1640128 40 40235 16
40459..... 1640535 24 40563 24
40570..... 16 40572 24 40797 16
40823 16 40832.,... 16 40870 40
41052 24 41185 1641236....! 16
41285 1641384: 16 41397 10
416U4. 40 41741.... i 40 41803 40
41S14 24 41872 40 41998 ! 24
42331..... 16 42574 40 42600 24
42610 1642622 80 42628 40
42787..... .2442893..... 2442977..... 16
43031..... 24 43034.*.... 16 43085 16
43204. .... 24 43330 24 43430. .... 24
43570 16 43627..... 16 4.1630 24
43709 1643733 ¦ 16 43824 120
43826 16 43839 16 43»80 16
44017..... 1644OM 24 44061. .... 16
44108 16(44155 24 44197... . l«
44297 1644304 24443S5....! £«
44401..... 80 44430 16 44450 16
44505. . . . . 24 44521 24 44579. . ! ' lfl
446SS..... 24 44691....." 40 44744 • 16
44887 40 44928...:. 16 44978 gS
45076 24 45092 24 45173..... 40
452AS..... 1645346..... 24 45365. .... 400O
45380 ' 1645406..... 40 4560* ! SO
45656 24 45675 16 45722. 18
45749..... 24 46047..... 24 46279...:! 40
4«464. 16 46676..... 24 46S52 80
46948.."... 16 •
47183...... 16147380...;.- 24 47388 40
47S02..... 24147803::... 1C 47036.... 24
47009..... 40148302..:.. 16148423.... 24
484S0 16148647..... • 24|48649....I 1«
4S705 16148969 16[49112 36
494T.0...... 80149724..... 16149804. .. .! - 80
4PS27 16I4D0.-59..... -80150203 80
50207..... 80150243 40(50244 . 16
C0571 - 24150620...... 16150639... * 24
50768..... ; 16150806 24150821.:..! l«
61069.7... 24151300..... 24151336 1C
5137S..... 24151404..... 16151514....! 16
6IC05..... 16I5171B. 16131958. . «*
52163.:... 80152320 16152350..... - 1<J
C2396. . 40152406 40152419..... 12O
52454..... 2415263:: 16152679..... 24i
5275?...... '80152922..... 24152992 16
TmCSO.... . 120153075. .4015.1090 16
53223. .... 16153205.' . . . . 16153324 •>*
B3591..... ¦ 40153637..... 400153650 2*
53772 40153820. .... 16I539C0 .' 16
54130. 1«:5427S: 80'54«45 40
54076 80154715. 40154727...:. 24
54S0T.... *. 16154810 J6I54933 24
55094.;... 24 15MW0. ;;.-. 80155285 *4
rC.298 . 1GI55315 40155442 2*.
55443 24I5550S.-. : 4OI55fi23 40
55743..... 40155766..... 24I55S14 20
W5OG6..... 24156039. .".. -. ¦ 16(50349 ja
56370 2415*5304..... .40156566 24
r.C6»6..... n 24136944 24I5WW5 " ift
S6A50..... 16157243 16157295 .. 40
57:529 40157449..... 40157519 i 8
57526...... 24 57574..... .80187582 80
57070...,. - 24lB7ft83...... 24158011 go
W?023.r....: .16158032.:.:.-' 16158140..... 40
BS620. .... 24I5S667. : . . . 80 58782. . . . . ' iu
R.SS37..... 241 ¦ - ¦ .
G9233.-.-. . . - 40I503C5. . : . . 24 5039S. : 40
CM15...... 16155341..... 16 5.T6C0. :;..• 1A
53634...... .40150746.;.... 40 59050..... 24
fi0O78 40160244..... 16 C0312 ' ->4
60354. -. ... 16|6(rtflt...>. 24 60402..... 16
60463.'.;/. ¦!. ¦¦ 161 60S85. ¦...•.' 2460715..... 24
60739..... "\ 40160819..... 16(01006... 24
61017....: -24 61076..... 16(61106.:.;; 8U
•01378.!".!-.- 24 01434.:... "40|61627..... "' IB
fil842..... 161018+4..;.. 16M891.-...." -16
61033. ; ... ; 16162008. . . . . 120!»12129 .16
62142 . 16I62.TT3..... lfi«237»..... 80
B2710 . 10162753.- -24162761 24
62819 -24lO28.",2..... 10| 63041 ;...., 18
C-U10..... 40 63223..... 24
C3290 ..... 40I0.M80 ..... lfi KiUi .'. ... 04
034(ifl. T.'. . llKlrASai. .... ' : 24 63908. . .". . 40
0:190!)..... 40IC39-U;.... 40|«M050 .1(1
64205.:-.:.' 16164276..... 24|64349..... 4a
64421. ..r.- 24164434..:.. . 4ft)M62»..... l«
64691...... 40r«4795..... 24|ftt7»9. .... 16
fi497«.. ..'-¦. -24164900..... lf.lB5.TB..... 24
65449..'... 16165477..:.. 40165338 -SO
Frank Kuschel. being duly sworn, deposea
and says he resides at 289 E. Houston street.
New York City, and that he is the bona fids
owner of one-half part of ticket No. 98511. class
D, of the Honduras National Lottery Company,
the drawing of which was held on April 12.
1902. at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., which
number won the second capital prize of $8000,
and that he received the money In full.
(Signed) FRANK KCSCHKL.
. Sworn to before me this 24th day of April* '
1902. .: .¦¦">•
(Signed) MAX WUSTROW,
Notary Public, Kings County.
Certificate filed in New York County.
$2000 FOR 80 CENTS.
State of Missouri, City of St Louis.
'William Kelly deposes and says that he re
sides at Moberly. Randolf County, Mo., and
that he is the rightful owner of one-fourth tick
et No. 98511, which drew the second capital
pi iz^-of eight thousand dollars in the Hondu
ras National Lottery Company (Louisiana State
Lottery Company), drawing of which took
place on Saturday, April 12. 1902, in Puerto
Cortez. Honduras, C. A., and that he received
to-day in this city the amount of his prize in
ful! without any deduction whatever.
(Signed) - WM. KELLY.
Witness: "WILLIAM C. BEJJZ.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 21st
day of April, 1902.
(Signed) CHAS. E. HANNAUER.
'. . Notary Public.
$7500 FOR 50 CENTS.
•.'.' ¦¦••;'• »' Philadelphia. Pa.
I cm the bona flde owner of one-quarter
ticket No. 09500. class D. of the Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company (Louisiana State Lot
tery Company), said ticket drawing first capi
tal prize of thirty thousand dollars (?30.0C0) at
drawing held at Puerto Cortez. Central Amer
ica, on April 12. 1902. and the full amount was
paid to me in Philadelphia, without discount or
expense.
(Signed) . CHESTER ANDERSON.
2036 Morris St.
Sworn and subscribed to befqre me this 22d
day of April, 1902.
(Signed) C. TV. CROASDILL.
; Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 23 CENTS.
: . State of Illinois. County of Cook.
George W. Robinson, of the city of Chicago,
being duly sworn doth depose and say that he
the undersigned Is the bona fide owner and
holder of one-eighth ticket No. 90500 in the
Honduras National Lottery, Company, which
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars at the drawing which took place at
Puerto Cortez on April 12. -1902. and that bo
received the full amount of thirty-seven hun
dred and fifty 'dollars, being one-eighth of the
wbolo ticket. '?<W*/r;rMjtaBMMtoBqftatofMpj
.(Signed) . GEORGE W. ROBINSON.
• No. 32 Thirty-third place, Chicago. III.
Sworn ' to before me this 2-t th day of April,
A. D. . 1902.
(Signed) MRS. KATHRINE GRAHAM.
• J Notary Public.
. Originals of foregoing affidavits held •-¦ by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company}.
State o# New York. City of New York.
$4000 FOR $1
M. Jackson of this city, residing at the Dene
chaud Hotel, being duly sworn deposes and
says: That he is the bona fide owner and
holder of a one-half ticket. No. 99500, Qf tha
Honduras National Lottery Company which
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars in the drawing of said lottery, held on
April 12. 1902, in Puerto Cortes, Honduras,
and that he has received payment thereof In
full.
(Signed) - M. JACK8ON*.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st
day of April, 1902.
(Signed) H. QENERE9' DTJFOXJB.
Notary PubUa. ¦
State of Louisiana. City of New Orleans.
$15,000 FOR $1
(Signed) W. S. CABELL. Commissioiwr.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing.- class E, Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above aro the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed la the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding- to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras
C. A., this Saturday. May 10. 1902.
Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
in? with 80, being the two last figures of the
number drawing the second capital prize of
$8000— $8. '
I Nine hundred and ninety-nine numbers end
ing with 27. being the two last figures of tha
number drawing the capital prise of $30,000—;
$8- ---.!' v ,
TERMINAL PRIZES
One hundred numbers from 45315 to 45415, ln
clurive, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing the capital prize of $4000— $16.
One hundred numbers from 2S7S0 to 28S80, In
clnslve. being CO numbers on each side of the
number drawing: the capital prize of $8000 — $24.
APPROXIMATION" PRIZES,
One hundred numbers from 1677 to 1777. !n
clvelve, being 50 numbers on each side of the
number drawing- the capital prize of $30,000 —
$40.
No. Prize. )No. Prize. |No. Prize;
tioUll..... 40 65604 itiiGJTIS SO
65812 . 16 65912..... lti|««033 16
ettntJ 16 «t«55 i«i««447 i«
<5O476..... - 10l6tt4S5 4016&1S7 4O
6C502.....' ltS 6B603..*... 40(6t>ti30...... 1«
66720 80)66727 16|C«>44. .... 1«
67033 , • 40J67137.:... ieit>7ie7 40
67182 16 67201..... 16|t>72U5 2i
67409..... 40C7OOS 16i6S001..,_.. 24
68067 1««S17S..... S0|«S214...». 40
68241 21I6S370 24|US54ti 40
68579 16|68U29 lU|6St532..... 1U
6SS17 40168840 241C8S72. . ... 8O .
68821..... 166S071 l<J|ta>lH>. .. .. 1«
69192 16|t>0347 16169350 IS.
69400 16I6947S 40| 69503 ..... ltt
69330 - l$[695i)5 16|69662 16
69679 86169768 80|70018 16
70O77 24 70228 40|70243 21
70601 16170627..... 16|T0«S8 IK
70723 40170728 16|7O79O ' ltt
70902 . 16 70039 16|71080 16
71171 2171497 40171711 IB
71777 24 71874..... 16171SS2..... -4
71917..... 24 72051 16|
72080. 24|72098 80|72197..... IB
72200 24|72367 16|72448 ltt
72493. 16172509 241725S5 24
72«04 24 72742 ; 16 72755 "40
72784 18173059 24 73165..... 24
73428 80173648 24 73663..... ltt
7S690 24 73S15 16173829 24
73SS0..... 80)73887 24 74109 80
74124 16174192. 40 74209 ¦ 2»
743S5...... 16 74390 16 74402 16
74503 1674336 40 74544 1U
74610 80 74758 24 74767 24
75184 24 75195. 24 75277 40
73314...... 16753S0 16 75601 1000
75676...... 16175744 40(75773..... 18
75952 24 75969 24|75990 ltt
76019 24 76166 40| 76220.;... 24
76250..... 40 76323 16|76361 J«
76459 1676596 16|76723 1«
77190 16 77317 24 77443..... ltt
77482..... 40 77610 24 77676 40
777S2 24 777S3 SO 77787 80
77838 40 77891 24|77919 24
78002..... 40 7S105 120|78206 18
78347 . 24 78353 80 78442..... 24
78645 4078682 16 79008 40»
79330 24 79409 / 40 79446 4O
79754..... 1679779 16 79847 40
79986..... 8080074 2000 S0143 4C0
80172 8080275 80 80363 24
S0417 1680427 40 8053S '24
80751 4080865 40 80887 18
80918 16 80920 24 80922..... 10
81037..... 16 81050 24 81101 80
81116..... 40 81121..... 4081161 1«
81345 1681407..... 16 81S82 21
81934 24 819S5 16 82164 ltt
82296 1682367 16 82383 120
82453.*... . 2482462..... 16 S2464 40
S2514 2482579 16|82580 80
S2601 80 82661 16 1 82(574.... . 10
82702 40S3201 16 83275 120
83431 1683438..... 16 83519 40
83703 1683705 16 83741 4O
83S62 18S4041 120 84091 40
84304..... 16 84346 . 16 84514 40
84590 16 84832 16 S4725....~.V 24
83104 18 85126 24 85186...... 1«
85264 24 85294 40 85430 16
86004 16*86024..... 24 86032 18
86121 .- 24 86197 16 86229 . 15
86334 16 86340 16 86408..... 24
86833 4086963....'. 24 S7144 24
873U 24 87432..... 16 87549 16
87600 24 87618 4088008..... ltt
8S0C9 . 1688082 40 88159 120
88483 .16 88547..... 24 88662 24
88663 24 88731..... 4OS8774...»« 120
88823;.... 24 88943 1688946..... 40
89039..... 24 89180. i... 16 89360 40
8B3S2 1639389 2489413..... .24
89503 8089600 16 89703 16
89789...., 16 89793 80 89828 40
89878...., 1689939 16 89954 80
89071 1690016 40 00035 400
00053.-. ..*• 8090082 • 16(90170 . 1«.
90204 « 2490206 24 90241..... * 16
90244 80*90299 40 90351 16
90395...,, 2490571 16 90776 16
90780..'!.. 16 9CS94..... 80 91031 16
81123..... 24191138 16 91255 80
91371 24 91443 16 91317 16
91546..... 1691577 80 91739 80
91744 120 91967 24 92018 80
92067..... 80 92131..... 16 92289 16
92308..,.. .1692325 40 92687 16
92693 16192759 16 92769 16
92776 1692797 24 92SC3 16
92890 16 92991 120 93016 16
03100 , 4093124 24 93223 , 16
93330 2493331..... 2403354..... 4O
93494 2493615..... 16 03650 40
93738..... 1693773 80 93906 1G
935)10 t 1693923 16 93968 18
94013 24 94046 16 94051 16
94064 24 94170..... 24 94224 18
94270..... 1694307 24 94381 80
94402 1694460 24 94621 10
94673 16 94695 24 94826 24
94839 t 40 9"4850 24 94864 24
04972 16195067 16 95082..... 24
95125 1695228..... 16 95252. 4O
95257 » 24 95275 . 24 95541 18
85570 -1696808..... 120 93896 Iti
95001..... 16 96044 16 96136 24
96236..... 16196254 i 2496327 16
96389 40196401 24196421 16
96442..... 16196460 24190497..... 16
96823 , 16196987 16197098 .40
97256 a 16 97S25 120 97410 120
97443 . 4097547 400 97569 16
97626 24 97636 24 97646 1«
97816 24197835. .-... 40 98070 40
98388 80198470 24 98565 24
98601...... 1898644 40 98863 . 40
08944..... 16198951 16 99014 40
99019 16199069 24*99281 40
99318 -24(99348 16199438 24
99461 . -»6|99622 40 99711 18
99735 -1(98742 40199748?.... 16
THE SAK FRANCISCO ; CAJuLi, THURSDAY, MAY 15, 1902.
15
TO LOAN.
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery 6t., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
* On undivided interests In real estate.
fr On estates in probate.
¥ On legacies. . ' ".
VO DELAT.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY, eoi-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates .. ..
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests' in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate"
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes
IF TOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. C01-O02 Examiner"
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc ) "
fSOO.OOO at BU and 6 per cent in sums to suit-
City. Oakland, Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT proposition, any amount; <i per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 1C
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan In cum* to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block). '..'.¦
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Getry et.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
>V.beral advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
"-.west rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market Et.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON* real estate. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 34
f 10 TO *100 loaned salaried people without re-
eurity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; t>apy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
¦* t:al. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
£. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their" note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
CN furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
1ILFVING. C16 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.L1CK. IK". McAllister st.
i<* ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phor.g Black 1709. room 81. C Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people without security.
• HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Eic. 431 California.
ONT per cent on furniture: S5 a month on each
S10C0: any security. 302 Montgomery Et.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. CC3 Examiner bldg.
LOAN'S nicnoy en salary: no indorser; Eastern
plen. Western Loan Co.. 309 Pheian bldg.
f&KESICJJb INSTHUMEVrS^^
/.S r.e are closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency en account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hailct & Davis $300 styles for $165; 200
pianos. CO different makes to select from;
tome tpeci^l bargalrs :
J Bourne $47
1 Weber C5
1 Knabe 9.%
1 Marshall 133
3 Smith & Barnes $155 to 240
2 Etetnw»y J 263 to US5 !
3 Heine 235 to 3S5 i
2 Oh'.ckering 185 to 280
Z, Organs 15 to 35
nests, S'2; installments, $3. or your owa
terras. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall.
• 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In lise way of prices
nr£ terms upen pianos, r;4&se bear in mind
t1:at we can not only duplicate them, but can
c'Tcr exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arfortmeTit cf best makes to choose from
fKKRMAX. CLAY & CO.. Eteinvray dealers.
cor. Kcarry and Sutler rts., S. F.; Broad -
vray and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ANY piano told by us taken back any tlrae
within 2 years an<J full, purchase price al- I
lov/ed cu a new pe*rles» Knabe. at regular
5'rice; costs you only 20c a day to buy a i
p:ano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
OTarreil Et. : established 1S50.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— ~
Second-hand upright pianos from $">5 up.
Socond-fcand square pianos from %TA) up.
Stcond-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
piar.es from $175 r.p. BEXJ. CURTAZ .t
SON*. lC-to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
and Hair.iin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains xvhen you are
enabled to get value received. You get more I
than that in every piano purchased from us. I
We st;i the Wissner. Uaumeister and Stod- i
ard. TBK ZHXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
7«) Market st.
SACRIFICE:— Latest stjie upright, slightly
tispd. 1« McAllister st.. near Jcaes. ;
?S0 — QOSSXTOOD piano JV.r tsaie; cost «4O0; on
£5 installments. l."00 Gough, near Geary.
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
t'rar.d upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
A". rs .\: may w.-int a uiano for rent. SCOTT-
Y_'~t-*nTAZ I'lAXO CO.. f>CO Hayc« et.
5"HE TVILKY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market st.
Pteck. Hverctt. Ludwlg and ether good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer ptaao. must be
•sold at cr.ee. Hoom 2. 237 Geary . sL
A FIXK Rtetavay upright. left on sale; no
a reasonable , f»er refused. 235-237 Geary st.
fr'XAP — 2 only. new. $450; hiKrh-crads upriirht*.
- dropped froa c£taloR-jc.$2.%0. Bruenn.20SPost.
BXttOJS MAT"ZV. 30S-31 0-312 Post St.; Sohrner
ot!i«r pianos and pipe organs.
EtTTRRIOS violins, zithers, old and new. H.
"NTT'LLrK. maker, repairer. 2 Latham p'.ac*-.
OFFICKS AXD STOItKS TO' VIST.
LARGE, roorr.y store. ' nice living rooms. 637
O*F«rreil £t.. near Hyde.
ibTORIS v.-ith large basement, below Kearny;
p-!*r-rations to suit tenant. C36 Clay, room 1.
r AIVTERS AXD DECORATORS.
FIHST-CLAES work; low rates; get figures. ¦ j'
C. ROMAIN'E, 040 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1123.
palmistry.
m^^~gTT.^e~ee^a1£j~^^
Pest St., corner of 'Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Teyicr £t.. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
rERSOXAtS. ,
WANTED — Information concerning the pres-
ent whereabouts of PIERCE POWER, who
left Boston some time about 1855 or 1860 for
California, and engaged, it is supposed, 1
the fruit growing business. He would now
be about SO years old. Kindly send informa-
tion to Advertising Department of The Call.
Ban Francisco, Cal.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundrea* of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co.,
2-'J04-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 2S2. San
Francisco.
(AN elegant line of remnant* for cults to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
Bf pants free of charge; ether suits on Install-
ments. (1 -weekly. . L. LEMOE. 1117 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts.
Khirt waists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
suits, overcoats, hat*: call, open account at
our new- store. C K. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms.
20c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to end from the ferry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
f.rst-claes bair work; hairdreeslne. 25c;
shampooing. 5Oc G. LEDERER. 123 Etock-
ton st.
RAG carpet* wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs. 6i!k portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 70S Fifth, Oakland.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; fl each;.
game fcs white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
iLtSEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 3, his-
tory greatest game ever played: 10c postpaid
g. R. Church. 307 Sanaome 6t.. San Francieco.
X'QW ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
-.il the newest designs for eummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market Et.. near ¦ Sixth.
AT :•?££ than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
y-d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
UUor. 721 V.s.rktt st. - ¦' ...
s iiON'EY Joaned at low interest; cold, silver,
•Hamonds pearls and precious stones borght
<t W. J. HHETKAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
BABY girl ebont 1'4 years old wanted for
adoption; rood home and care. Box £35,
Call office.
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Unf urn.
BURNl*H : T7^2c' : Marlcet (old No. 13&4)— Fur^
nisheti rms., suites, single; also. unfurnished.
BUSH, 1610%— Elegantly furnished rooms, $7
and $9; use* of gas, phone, bath, kitchen. .-•
CLIFFORD, '204 Ellis, • cor/*v Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. :
$10—3 ROOMS and yard.' 225 and 225% Eighth
¦St., near Howard. : 1 •' - * ¦ ' ¦¦ '•¦ ¦-¦
ELLIS,' 321- {Mozart) — Nicely f urn. rooms, '35c,'
$1 DO night; $1 50. "$6 week;- open all night.
_ ___ — i — . . . /
FILLMORE, 1615— 3 unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, ' 810— 5 rooms and- bath; new; reno-
vated. .. ., ' • ¦ ' •¦ -
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
cd suites and single; travelers accommodated.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front rooms. $% and $8;
. sunny back housekeeping suite, §9. . . . : . v
MARKET, 1032— A nicely furnished .sunny
front, room, $2 a week; Other • rooms : $1 25
single; $150 double. • ¦ . -. . " »..,->.
MARKET. 1344 — An elegant suite of sunny
rcoms. suitable for doctor. The above house
has changed hands. .-.'¦¦
MASON, 219— Elegantly furnished rooms;
'suites and single. -J ¦' " . •. : ;
MINNA, 667. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
¦ window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 845 — 2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; big sunny yard. • .
MISSION,. 1514, nr. 11th— Single sunny front
rooms; private family; $1 25 a' week. - r"
NATOMA, .282, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished"
rooms; water, sink and closets; rent $6. •
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms , and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, - week, mo.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN i Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
. near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements' and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
. iencia st. . - ; - ¦ •
- ROOMS AND BOARD. .
CORBIN, The.' 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely, furnished rooms; single and
suits; all sunny; table first cftss. .
SCOTT. . 1601, • corner Post— Large sunny rooms
with board;, table first-class; telephone, bil-
llard table, : ali the comforts of a home. •
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table;. popular rates.
IRVINGDALE, 62(5 Eddy — Sunny . rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. : 420 Eddy— High-class . house;
i furnished suites or single; steam heat. ¦
THE, HEATH. 312 Eddy St.. is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN .NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny'
suites; single rooms; first-clg-ss table board.
ROOMS ''AND BOARD WANTED.
BY a gentleman, board and room; private. Ad-
dress boK,1778, Call office.
; ROOMS ,WANTED.
2JUNFUR. rms.. Bush, bet. Hyde and Powell;
2 gentlemen; state price. W. S.. box 823. Call.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECT roN
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 65S0."
AND WAREHOUSES.'
HERCE-RODOLPH Storage '& Moving Co , of-
fice Post and .Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 810
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
.; tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and .Furniture Moving Com-
ps.ny. 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
SEAVINGJUACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard '$204. 145 Sixth.
TO LEASE. ,
TO LEASE— Kenllworth Inn ; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from
E>an Ff anclseo ; completely "furnished ; in good
conalUon; 40 rooms;, steam and hot- water
bathe; electric!, lights; heaters throughout-
elevators, etc.: rent low, - Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 30 Montgomery St.; or ROBERTS
: Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
' "TYPEWRITERS ;"AND SUPPLIES.
GREATMBARGAINS i^T^YPEWRiraM^W^
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $;>. ' The Typewriter
Exchange. C3<» California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sanaome.
jxf^y*i^ T j.^j^j!jj?.,i^.^ E " GRApH|xG -
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-
eographlng. 027 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 1530.
M ABBIAGE~LICENSES^
The following marriage licences were issued
yesterday:
James A. Bliss,' 21, Oakland, and Katherine
E. Gill, IS, Oakland.
William B. Barry. 25/809 Castro street, and
Clarissa V. Seaward, 22, t>52 Church street.
George R. Wolf, 'Si. Alameda, and t Sophie
E. Kammerer, ¦ 22, 1110 Broadway. ' ,- -,•
Henry A. Whltley, 30, city, and Ariel L.
Heanan, "0,* city. •
Frank Vagrettl, 38, Monterey, and Teresa
Broggio, 28,' Monterey.
Ezra M. Wallace, 20, 32 Fell street, and
Pauline H. Pettls, 20, 736 Shrader street.
A. Gaorg J. Kreplin, 23, city, and Mathilde
A. C. J. Sahlmann. 25, city. ¦• .
"Henry A. Mathey, - 25. 1545 Steiner street,
and Eva Nelson,- 20, 7- Blake street. **?
John Izzard, 33; San ' Mateo, and Augusta S.
Anderson,' 33, city, i
Albert L. Howard, 39, city, and Roas A.
Sllvon, 25, city. ' \ -
'• Henry "E. Schuck, 28, 1728 Lyon street, and
Eugenie 1 J. Loustalet, .16, 232 Ninth street.,
Jusie M. Lulz, 22, 65 Jackson stre'et, and
Anna S. Lulz, 21.--65 Jackson street. ':
JuIoh L). Pettlsaon, 25, 505 Bush street, and
Scholactique Marchand, 21; 505 Bush street.
BIRTHS- : -MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will r.ot be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have' the same published. _
Bpik
ETIENNE — In this city, April 30,. 1002, ,to the
¦wife of J. ¦ M. Etienne, a daughter. . \
PAPE-^-In this city,' May 10, 1002, to the wife
I of Auirust , H. Paue, ¦ a son.
•POTTER — In this city, April. 2li lf>02, to the
; wife of Stephen A. Potter, a daughter. .
SMITH— In .Bay* View, May : 5, 1902, to. the
¦ wife of E. Smith, a daughter.
. MABBIED. ~~
TUCKER— BURGESS— May 14, 1002," by the
Rev. W. 3.' Peters, .James E.' Tucker and
Bessie ¦ Burress. .. ! - . • 1 -
SDIED. ~ ~
Best, Jacob' Loughran, Thomas
Brady, John: ¦¦• McCarty. -William
> Braun (Infant) . .Moore;. William H.
; Carr (Infant) ..¦• ¦.-•. Murray, -Daniel
' * Clark, . Carrie • - r .-,: ¦:¦¦', Nielsen, Knud E. *
Coblentz,. Gustave ' .".' Ouenshaw. Geo. R
Cooney, .Margaret ¦' Pagano. Emellna
.Corran, Huzh Perry, George H.
Freeman,', Susan H. .. Peterson, Theresa H
Jacoby, Isaac N. . • Sheild, Ella
Kane, * Ann/ M.",- Smith, Mrs. Alice E J
i : LafKen, ' Christina - Vorrath, Carl C.
.'•'-. Lewis,- Ann E. .. -_ . "' ;
BOST— In this cityi May 14, 1002. ' Jacob Bost
¦beloved husband of the late Frances Bost
and. father of Mrs. Mary Garner. John M
. Boat. ¦ Mrs. Ella , Surgife^MrH. j Rosa: Sursuy
and W. C. Bost, a native of North Carolina
• aged 87 yeais.7 months and 4 days. .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respe-t-
fully' Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock. . from the fun»ral
'.parlors of Charles H. J. . Truman & Co., 10ft)
HEWRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• - (Successor ' to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
- ¦••-' DANlifL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. . -
FUNERAL DIRECTOP.S ; AND . EMB ALMERS
-". -20 .Fifth at., : oppoulte Lincoln -School.- .--
;.- "::.:- .Telephone '. South 80..- • ¦
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
:.';>'. •- v NEAREST.' THE -CITY. ' ' J
Office, 916 Market Street.
¦¦¦•¦""* Telephone Buah • :t67. / ; •¦*
KEW; FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M. J.
¦ McBrearty, with ¦ the same company for 10
' years ; P. ; F. - Green, . lats ,wlth J. C. O'Con- :
nor & Co.. ¦ have opened new. Funeral * Par-
lors at ; 1171 . Mission : at..- -between .Seventh
; and Eighth. . Telephone South i 44. •• .-. --,
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR SALE.'
G. H. UMBSEN & CO, '¦•' : '¦'.'.'. ••''¦ '~~^\'
14 Montgomery st.
,A U C T I O N
A U C T ION
AUCTION
''•:•'?." /• A U C T I ON" *¦-.:•£'.'
AUCTION v
auction ::
Of Residence, Investment and Unimproved
Properties at our salesroom. MONDAY, May 10,
1902, at 12 o'clock noon.
FORECLOSURE SALE. " : '•
The Following Three Properties Must Be Sold:
¦ NO..1.". :. ¦ ,. ' "¦ . V
2811 -2S13 Green St.; near Baker — Two sub-
stantial and well-built flats of 6-7 rooms and
bath each; rents $33 per month; lot 31:6x125.
- ' ALSO . .' / -
Two choice buildings lots, 25x125 each, and
cottage of 5 rooms; rent $10; lot 25x125, Irxeg-
ula*. Terms — One-third cash, balance 1, 2 or 3
years at (5 per cent. " . - . ..--..
No. 2. '-".-¦ -.-•
2S00-2802 Gough sU, NE. cor. Filbert— Two
flats of 6 rooms each; rent $30 per month; lot
30:1x110. ,
ALSO—
Six baHding lots, 25x110 each. Terms— One-
third cash, balance 1, 2 or 3 years at 6 per
cent. -* . ¦ ¦
No. -3.
2601 Post St., SW. cor. Lyon — Improvements
consist of store and dwelling; lot 30x92:6, Ir-
regular. Terms — One-third cash, balance J., 2
or 3 years at 0 per cent. ¦ .' < ¦
HOWARD-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY. :
1120 Howard St., north l.lne. near 7th — Sub-
stantial 3-story and basement building," con-
taining store and two flats of S rooms each;
rent 507 50 per month: lot 25x90.
CHOICE RESIDENCE, LOTS. ¦ "
SW. cor. Union and Scott sts.' — Four desir-
able residence lots, .27:6x110 and 137:0; this, lo-
cation Is rapidly becoming very choice residence
property,
Washington st., south line, between Central
ave. and Walnut st. — Four desirable residence
lots, 27 : 6x127 :«U each; these lots are nicely
located and command a marine view.:--'
• Washington st., north. line, between Lyon st.
and Central ave. — Two choice and select resi-
dence lots, 25x102:8% each. . ¦-.- -
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
U69 Hayes st., near Stelner — An elegant two-
story and basement ' residence,' containing 15
rooms and bath, handsomely finished and so ar-
ranged that It could readily be occupied by two
families; gas separate for each floor; large at-
tic; key lot. 25x137:0; sun all day. ¦ •
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2530 Washington st., north line, near Stelner
—Baj'-window residence of 10 rooms and bath,
beautifully situated and opposite Lafayette
equare; an excellent residence location; large
lot. 44x102:8%. . .
¦ PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS, i .
NE. cor. Jackson st. and Central ave. — This
choice corner. 81:2x127:8%. we will offer In
Fubdivlslons;, nicely elevated and commanding
an unobstructed marine view.,
BROADWAY-ST. INVESTMENT.
1117-1117>/4 Broadway, near Jones st.— Good
Improvements: consist of 3 flats of 3-4-4 rooms
each; rents $23 50 per m<5nth; brick foundation,
Etone walks, etc.; bank mortgage of $1300 at 6
per cent can remain. '
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Twenty-fourth st., north line, between Dia-
mond and Douglass — Desirable building lot,
£5: 10x114. "? .
For catalogues and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. \
ALAMEDA ADYERTISEMENTS. )
¦ n alameda'rf.at. estate.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered in Alameda; fine home S rooms and
bath; lot 62x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-8t.
stations; a snap. ALAMEDA' LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
$4500 — OFFER wanted; bank foreclosure; must
be sold immediately: splendid residence on
San Antonio, near Union; rent. $40- lot 42x
ir>0. EDWARD J. HOOPER. 26 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
EAST front bay-wlndov.- ; porcelain baY* and
electric lights; suitable for -couple? with
board, $5 per week. ' Box 4276, Call , office,
Oakland. ~ s
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IT Is very convenient to be able to get hot
water without having to light a fire; it can
only be done .with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
I will sell you a well-built 9-room hcuse,
with window shades, combination' "fixtures;
fine corner lot: and throw Jn a "Sunshine
/ Water Heater," -all for $3500. '
< JOS. J. MASON, rfraal Estate. Berkeley Sta.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms,' medern convenience, bath,
-etc:; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAIT ESTATE.
FOR sale— 5 acres, Ros>«. ave. and High st..
Frultvale. A. R.' HARRISON. 78 Geary st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH. $0 monthly; cottage of 3 rooms;
good barn, chicken houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard; :.t fine lots, 75x100; street
macadamized; school, church. Town Hall and
observatory and 2 grocery stores; over 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no
fegs nor raw winds here; 2 blocks from
boulevard and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has tine grand view; price
In all, $800; a fine bargain. Call or send for
circular, 455 7th «st., opposite Broadway sta-
tlon; Oakland; carriage free. - ¦ • .
¦*.'";-•. H. Z./JONES, Owner.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H?
ECHELLH AAS. 408 Eleventh st . Oakland.
nOOMS^FOUHOUSEKEEPIXG.
ARIEL and sclar flats, 025-KJ1 Turk— HoVand
cold water baths, el ecu lc lights, free; fUr-
nished or unfur.; tel. Eust 312, Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12, to $20. . ;
EDDY, 510 — Parlor suite, nicely furnished;
bath; range and running water; reasonable.
ELLIS, 538 — Sunny front basement floor, 3
r.ooms; also sunny front room for light hskpg.
FIFTH) 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 and
bath; $20; also 2. $15; 1, $S; single, $4.
FILLMORE. 221 2, near Clay— $10; 3 large
j sunny unfurnished rooms; nice yard.
I FOLSOM, C20-^Large furnished rooms on first
i floor; large grounds for families with children.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome sunny bay-window
parlors, exclusive of kitchen, $18.
GROVE, 70S — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping;' bath and gas.
HOWARD, 1214— 2 or 3 large sunny f partly
furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap. :
HYDE. 40S — Sunny parlor suite & kitchen; $18;
also basement suite, yard, laundry; other suite.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny back room, furnished for
housekeeping. $8; small room, $1 50 week.
JOICE, 18, off noith side Pine, near PowelT^
3 sunny unfurnished rooms, $10.
MINNA, 4MB — i rooms | furnished for house-
keeplng; lower floor; separate entrance.
OAK. 117 — Large single room, $5; 2 suites, $14
and $8; all complete for housekeeping; gas;
range.' . . . ••.
OCTAVIA. " 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
• room; kitchen; sink; pantry; gas stove; bed-
room, $7. ...
SEVENTH.' 178 — Nicely furnished sunny housed
keeping rooms; bath, stationary tubs;- yard.
SILVER. 1C5, near Fourth — 2 furnished room&
for housekeeping; -cheap.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; newly furn.;
double h's'k'p'g rms. ; free gas; atove; bath.
THIRD,' 415B-rNicely fxfrnished rooms; houBe-
- keeping; gae; range; bath; also single rooms.
TREMONT ave., 1C2— 4 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; for housekeeping, with bath, piano,
gas ' rante; ! lower , floor; $25; references re-
quired; no children. .
VALENCIA, 1208 1 /*!— 2 sunny housekeeping
' rooms: rent $10.
VALENCIA, 1232 — 2 sunny rooms furnished for
.housekeeping; gas; stove; 'bath. .,.•;."-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and Fubscrlptions
received, at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10JU
Valencia st. - ¦'.'- ¦-":. . -•
ROOMS TO LET~Fnrri. and Unf am.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant!
sunny; 75c day upward;- McAllister ears to
door; handsomest, grill room in California.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 - Sixth— Rooms.
- 25c to $1 per night; *1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. •'
AT. Grand Southern, 7th and. Mission— Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; ¦ 50c; to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 v week; parlor :. elevator., .
A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell. . corner Geary—
Sunny rms. ;• single, double; mod. conven'ces."
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
\ week or month ; bath ; phone. . 332 ., Stockton."
LIQUOR habit — A hew, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. "Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose, Cal.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.O.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costurncr. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS : hair* and moles removed by
¦electric needIe.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists' %
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR LAM0TTE*S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. ,
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.^
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
ho operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dr«. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 '4 Market Et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. ,
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon)
June 3, 1902, and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter; to furnish the annual sup-
ply of coal, coke, wood and charcoal at the
Navy Yard and Naval Hospital, Mare Island
Cal.. the Naval Training Station, San FranI
Cisco. Cal., and the Navy Yard, Puget
Sound, Bremerton. Wash. Blank forms of' pro-
posals will be furnished upon application to
the Bureau, to the Commandants . of the
Navy Yard. Mare Island. Cal., or Puget
Sound. Bremerton. Wash., or to the Navy
Pay Office. San Francisco. Cal. A. S. KEN-
NY, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
PROPOSALS will be* received at the Bureau of
Supplies (and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June 3. 1S02. and publicly opened Immedi-
ately thereafter, to furnish 905.607 pounds of
steel shapes. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the Navy Pay
Office* 1 . New York and San Francisco. Cal.
or to the Bureau. A. S. KENNY. Paymaster
S. N.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. May 12. 1902— Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m.. May 26. 1902. for furnishing such quan-
tity of bituminous coal as may be required
from time to time during fiscal year com-
mencing July 1. 1902. for supply to vessels
pertaining to the Quartermaster's Depart-
rm-nt ai Portland, Oregon. Information fur-
r.ished here or at Depot Quartermaster's Of-
fice. Portland. Oregon. U. S. reserves right
to reject, or accept any or all proposals or
any part thereof. Envelopes containing pro-
posals should be marked: "Proposals for
Coal at ," addressed J. W. Jacobs,
C. Q. M.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our Sunset Lots Have no Equal!
3.500 to $1000 — On graded and sewered streets;
superb view; §10 monthly.
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard lots;
$5 monthly.
Sunset Branch Office. Ninth ave.,' near H st.
$400 to 5S00 — Richmond lots; no one can
b<--at us.
$1000. S14O0 to $2500— Modern cottages; all
bargains; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM.. REAL ESTATE
'M Montgomery st.. room 11.
Rents collected; full 'charge taken of property.
$43.f~> — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fin«
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$41,000 — Good Investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$12,500 — Washington, nr. Webster; '50x127:6;
desirable residence lot.
$10,000— Webeter. nr. Washington; 50-ft." front;
suitable for physician, i,
$10,000 — 3 runny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate. Park; grand view; rents $105.
$5.250 — Fine 5 and <J room flats; on Stevenson
St., near Thirteenth; Tent $45.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st., near Lyon;
fine adjoining lot. 27:0x100, for $3000.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., II and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch oflice. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave. • .
I DECIDEQ BARGAINS,
I Lota ?150 and $250 each.
On $5 and $10 monthly payments.
You Will Be Astonished.
Inspect our level lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Selling very fast.
Near Mlssion-st. Electric Cars.
Don't Waif.fSee Them To-day.
No Grading; all Fenced; Spring Valley Water.
Get off cor. Mission st. and Brazil ave., walk
short distance to our lots.
SOL CETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
$5000 — ELEGANT new residence of 8 rooms and
bath (5 chambers), gas and electric light;
furnace heat; lot 25x114. Apply on prem-
ises. 232 Liberty sst.. nr. 21st and Dolores.
A FINE rooming house; nets $300 per mo.;
rent $60; price $4500; easy terms. WELLS
& SAUNDERS. 030 Market st.
SPLENDID hotel and bar;- rent $75; income
: $250; price $2500: easy terms. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. 630 Market st.
"OCEAN VIEWJs booming; finest car service
In the world: every 10 minutes.
You will never secure a suburban home In
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
Ktages and building lets at a bargain.
THIETLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable.' at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery St., or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
BARGAIN — New 5-room house, all modern im-
provements; high finished basement; on car
line; small amount cash, balance like rent.
Owner on premises, Chenery & . Fairrnounl.
HOUSE and two lots: 4 rooms, basement; near
electric care. Address box 049. Call office..
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
1EAJL ESTATE--. COP.*TRY~rorjSaIe
$10,000 — THE prettiest orchard home in Santa
Clara Co.; good enough for "Harriman"; ele-
gant buildings; on electric car line; easy
terms.
$950 — Splendid chicken ranch, near Peta-
i iume, of 10 acres; easy terms.
$2500 — Elegant orchard and chicken ranch;
rplendid buildings; income $1800 per annum.
WELLS. SAUNDERS & CO., (330 Market et.
FOR SALE-^ miles from Hay wards, $2800;
120 acres hill land. '/4 plow land, H pasture;
plenty wood and water; small orchard; house,
barn, chicken houses, wagons, farming im-
plements, 10 head of cattle. 2 horses. 75
chickens. Apply to S. D. WARREN & SON.
Haywards.
' FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is, growing rapidly; location
best tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California et.. for
pamphlets and information.
UNHEARD-OF bargain; beautiful home in
choicest part of Santa Clara Co.; elegant
two-story house; large barn and outbuildings;
abundance of water; will give $1500 for this
year's crop. For full particulars address
box 017. Call office. .../¦•
FARMS, ranches, city, and suburban property
for sale and exchange: unimproved lands In
large and email tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties..Write for cur print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARn, Realty and Min-
ing Co !! 713Market ; i\_40e£tel : James4 1 21 .
Eanta Clara Valley.' San Jose and Pcrilncular
properties, fiee WOO8TIEU. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. 8. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMON'S & SON, Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. ' 10 pages, sent to any address ¦ In the
"United States or Cnnwda nne year for $1. .
SABSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITp Land and Ferry Company offers
at low prices and easy terms • lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
¦ and business property: 30 minutes from San
Francieco; climate and scenery superb; can't
be excelled: call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON, . 323 -Montgomery et..
or at office of company, Sausallto.
;• Mission Btreet, between Fifteenth and. Six-
. • teenth. . Interment " Cypress ' Lawn Cemetery.
* by carriage. •' :'\ ' . • .' - ¦¦ -
BRADY— In this city. May 13, 1002, John, be-
loved , husband ; of ¦ the late - Frances Brady,
- and father of Mrs.' Holden and the late Hen-
rietta Moore, ., a native of .County .Armagh,
Ireland, .' aged 75 , years. ¦ (New -York • papers
.'• please ! copy.) . / ; ¦ .- - .¦ ' ~
' tC?" Friends are respectfully invited to at-
- tend the : funeral - to-day . (Thursday), ' at
S :30 o'clock, from the* parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, .'1171 '*. Mission street.
• • thence . to St. 7 Joseph' s Church, "where a sol-
, emn requiem high - mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross. Cemetery. •
BRAUN— In this city, May 7, 1902," infant son
' of , John and -Mary . Braun, a ¦ native of San
Francisco. ¦ ' - * ¦ ¦' ; • . • ¦ ¦
CARR— In this city. May 10, 1902," Infant son
- of William J. and Carr, a native "of
San Francisco. .
CLARK— In this c.lty, May^" 14, 1902, Carrie,
-.' beloved wife . of Brendon Clark, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry. L. Fink, sister of Mrs.
Fred Rebaut -and Ernestine, Julius * and
-'• Henry Fink, and niece of Julius Fink, a na-
> tlve of New .York, ased 24 years 11 months
and 14 days. (New York ] and New | Jersdy
papers ¦ please copy.) -.¦ . ¦/. ¦ .- •- . • . •.
CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 627 Hayes street, thence to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from
I Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. /
COBLENTZ— In .this city. May 14, 1902, Gus r
tave Coblentz, relict of the late Metarule Cob-
lentz, father of Mrs. i Max ¦ Frankenau * and
and George Coblentz, and brother of
David, Felix and Sam Coblentz, a native of
¦ Lixheim, Lorraine, aged 65 years 4 months
and 12 days." . . ;
. 1C*?" Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Bay City Lodge No. 71. I. O. O. F..
and Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully Invited to attend- the funeral
Friday, at 0:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother. 122 Brodertck street, . corner
Of ,Patre. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
COONEY — In this city. May 13. 1902, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Daniel Cooney,
and mother of Daniel, Frank, Andrew and
-William ¦ Cooney, ' Mrs. L. Juzlx, Mrs. ., M.
Cloney and the late James P. and : John P.
Cooney, a native of Roscommon, Ireland.
• ' (Boston, ' Mass.. papers please copy.) " : ¦ ;
C^Friends and ; acquaintances ¦ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
• residence, 68 Hancock street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a high requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
.soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . , • • . . ' :
CORRAN— In this city. May .11. 1902, Hugh
Corran, a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
E*?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of | Bunker- & Lunt, 2600 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
. third. . Interment National Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In this city. May 14. 1902, Susan
H. Freeman, beloved mother of Edwin W.
. Spence, a native of England, aged 61 years
.7 months and 4 days. ' .
JACOBY— In this city, May 14, 1902, Isaac
N., beloved husband of - Mathilda Jacoby,
. and father of Mrs. ¦ Hugo Abrahamson of
Oakland and Phil I. and Sam Jacoby of San
Francisco. . a native of Germany, aged 65.
years. (Los Angeles papers please copy.) -
• . ICNotlce of funeral hereafter.' • ¦ <
KANE— In this city, May 14, 1902. Ann" M.;
beloved wife of James Kane, and devoted
mather of John, James and Thomas • Kane
and Mrs. C. F. Dunn, a native . of County
Longford, Ireland, aged 60 years.
cyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:,'tO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1600 Church atreet, thence . to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will' be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 6* clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LARSEN— ln.this city. May 14, 1902, Chris-
tina Larsen, a native of Norway; aged 75
years 5 months and 24 days.
E3*"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
• to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at Our
,. Savior's Scandinavian Evangelical Lutheran
Church/Howard- street, near Twelfth.- -In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.- Remains at
the Darlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
LEWIS— In this city. May 12, 1902, Ann Eliza-
beth Lewis, a native. of England, aged 66
years and 2 months. ¦ (Bridgeport, • Conn.,
papers please copy.) '
ETFriends "and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. W\ Martin & Co.. 31« O'Farrell street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
'. o'clock • train from Third and ., Townsend
streets. . ' ' ¦'
LOUGHRAN— In this city. May 14, 1902,
. Thomas, I beloved husband of Lizzie Lough-
• ran, and father of Llllie, Harry, Thomas,
Eva, Ella and Willie Loughran and Mrs.
" Stephen Fay, a native of County Tyront,
Ireland, aged til years and 28 days.
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter. '.
McCARTY— In this city. May 14; 1902, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary McCacty, and
father I cf William Jr., Joseph W., Eugene
G. and Jennie McCarty and Mrs. Annie ¦ J.
Graham, a native 'of County Down,. Ireland,
aged 06 years.- '-. -¦- - .-¦¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦ • ; '•¦" '- : • ;-
ETRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 707 Mission street. Notice of fu-
neral hereafter.
MOORE— In this city, May 13, 1902, William
.Henry Moore, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 6S years. ','¦¦ . • -... •. . . ..»
(DTuneral services to-day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray &
CO., 641 Sacramento street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill • Cemetery..
MURRAY — In thl3 city. May 14, .1902, Daniel,
, beloved son of the late John and Ellen Mur-
ray, and brother of Mrs. James I. Whearty,
Mrs. William Burke and John E. Murray, a
native of San Francisco, aged 26 years and
' 8 months. •
NIELSEN— In Oakland. May 14, 1902. Knud
Emanuel Nielsen, beloved brother -of N. P.
Nielsen and Mrs. .Marie ' Voer of Denmark,
a native of Copenhagen. 1 Denmark, aged- 33
years 7 months and 15 days.
OPENSHAW — In Alameda, May 14, 1902,
George Richard, beloved husband of Kittle
.Open«baw, and father of Raymond, Irene
and Martha Openshaw, a native of Auburn,
Cal.,. aged 39 years 5 months and 5 days.
PAGANO— In this city, May 13, 1902, Eme-
llna, dearly beloved . daughter of Vincenzo
and Maria Pagano, and sister of Clementine
and Realto Pagano, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 0 years 2 months and 4' days.
(CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend - the funeral services
' Thursday, May 15, 1902,.at 1 o'clock, at her
late residence, 6 Pollard place,' off Vallejo
street, between Dupont and Kearny. Inter-
ment New Italian Cemetery. . : .
PERRY — In this city, May 14. 1902. Georga
Henry.' beloved son of George M. and Helen
B. Perry, and brother of Lilian,; Napoleon,
Violet and Daisy Ethel Perry, a native of
San Francisco," aged 6 years 8 months and
12 days.
PETERSON— In this city, May 14. 1902, The-
resa H.,- beloved wife of Henry Peterson,' and
. sister of Rapha, Byron and William Wood-
worth, a native of Watsonvllle, aged 34
years 8 months and" 8 days. (Watsonvllle
papers please copy.) / '.
SHEILD— In this city, May 13, 1902, Ella
Sheild, wife of -G. N. Sheild.. (Sacramento
and Tacoma papers please copy.)
SMITH— In this city, May ,14, 1902. at the
residence ¦ of her daughter, Mrs. W. H.
. Eadon, 418 Thirteenth street, Mrs. Alice E.
Smith, beloved . mother of Mrs. S. M. . Barry,
Mrs. W. H. Eadon, Mrs. G. - F. Gallagher
and A. F.. A. J., E. H. and the late C. J.
Smith, a native of Limerick, Ireland, aged
71 years. • . . •
IC*rinterment private. Please omit flow-
ers. . . ¦ - -
VORRATH— In this city,- May 1 14. 1902, Carl
, Christian Vorrath, beloved husband of Chris-
tiana Vorrath, brother of Mrs. Henrietta
Witt, and - brother-in-law of Henry L. ¦ Sani-
- i ml, a native of Germany, aged 73 years 7
¦ months and 8 days. • A member of Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., and Cali-
fornia Stamm No. 70, U. O. R. M. .
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2' o'clock, from : his late resi-
¦ dence, 2100 Taylor street, between Greenwich
' and Lombard. Interment I.' O. O. ' F. Ceme-
. tery. Please omit, flowers.
FlonstCo;
f "- / ARTISTIC FLORAL. DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . / \ . ':
107 POWELL ST.k»rELUS 2S5E 5056YELLOW' DOG WHOSE DISFIGUREMENT BY AN AUTOMOBILE HAS CREATED CONSTERNATION AMONG
THE. "HILLITES" AND "TOTVNITES" OF SAUSALITO AND FRIENDS OF THE PRINCIPALS WHO ATTEND
ED TRIAL OF THE OFFENDING CHAUFFEUR ON A CHARGE OF CRUELTY TO ANIMALS.'" 1 • : ' •
-Ruberta Bennichsen., a little girl, who
lost a foot by being run over by a Kearny
street car, was awarded $2500 damages by
a jury in. Judge Kerrigan's court yester-.
day.-. She sued the Market Street Railway!
Little Girl Gets Damages.
Adam's' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Small, delicious chocolate-coated ' pellets for
constipation,' biliousness, sick headaches, dys
pepsia, 10c; 26c ¦',.. if, .'¦ .' ¦ ¦ •• .
Policeman. Fined for Drunkenness.
Policeman Quarles of the Southern , sta
tion was ' found . guilty v, of . drunkenness
¦while on* duty by the Police- Commission
yesterday afternoon ; and ¦ fined $100 in ad
dition • to being severely = reprimanded by
Public Administrator -John i Farnham
yesterday tendered his resignation as spe
cial administrator of the estate of James
Findlayson. the capitalist,: who died , 'at
San Rafael a few days ago.. He gives as
his reason for resigning the fact that
Findlayson was a resident of Marin Coun
ty and that the granting of letters of ad
ministration upon the estate to the Cali
fornia Safe Deposit and Trust- Company
by the Superior Court of / that county
makes hiajetters void. . ..
Farnhan* Gives TJp Letters.
Charles H. Baker, printer. Clay street,
pleaded guilty before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday to a charge of aiding and abetting
a lottery by printing tickets and was
fined $100. which was paid Into court.
Charles Holbrook and ; B. B. 1 Cinega, who
were arrested at the same time, ¦, were
more fortunate, as their cases were dis
missed on the showing that they were
merely employed in the printing office.
The place was raided last week by Lieu
tenant Martin and posse and a large
quantity of lottery tickets, stones and
plates were seized.
Baker Pleads Guilty.
Under a recent order the nearest range
allowed for target 'practice In the Medi
terranean fleet (British) Is 5000 yards. The
maximum is set at 10,000 yards.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
et any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street. CoO Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
One Year for Boyle and Dunlap.
Oscar Dunlap and Thomas Boyle, .-who
were convicted last Tuesday of stealing
a handy Billy pump from the Mare Jsl
and. Navy Yard, were sentenced yester
day by United States District Judge de
Haven to one year's imprisonment at
hard labor in the penitentiary at San
Quentin.
This refusal to issue the order, places
McComb and Fredrick in the same posi
tion they have occupied ever since their
appointment. Until the ' Supreme Court
affirms or sets aside .the decision of Judge
Sloss they will both continue- to act as
Justices' Clerk. In the meantime Presid
ing Justice" of the Peace Joachimsen will
sign all documents ordinarily signed by
the Justices' Clerk.
Judge Sloss decided-yesterday that the
appeal taken from his decision by Powel
Fredrick stays all proceedings arid denied
the motion made by the attorneys for
George McComb for an order for a war
rant directing the Sheriff to oust Fredrick
from the oflice of the Clerk of the Justices
of the Peace. . :^
Refuses to Issue Order to
Sheriff.;
Judge Who Ousts Mayor's Appointee
Men's all-wool suits and overcoats, lat
est syles. worth $15 00, are being sold for
$4 65 by P. C. Kelly, assignee of the Bos
ton Clothing Co., -773 Market street, rear
Fourth. •
$15.00 Men's Suits and Overcoats for
$4.65.
_ Every grocer of prominence In this
community" took a day off yesterday and
hied himself to Schuetzen Park to attend
the thirty-first annual' picnic of the Re
tail Grocers' Association. The men who
deal in dry and wet goods forgot their
business ' cares for. the day and joined in
the merrymaking/ It was an ideal day
and thousands of" people took advantage
of the weather to attend the outing.
Every train bore its share or pleasure
seekers, and by ' noon- the park was
crowded with picnickers.
A band rendered popular dance music,
and the pavilion was crowded the entire
day with devotees of the light fantastic.
There were games of every kind and
prizes for everybody. The races were
highly exciting, and enough goods to
stock a grocery store were awarded as
prizes. The success of the outing was
due. to the following committees: •
General committee of arrangements — Eugen»
McCoy, president; H. G. Lackmann. vice presi
dent: J. C. Stammer, secretary: P. A. Buckley.
T H Corcoran. J. Salomon, Joseph A. Stulz,
B. A. Schmld, J. S. Elliott, H. Elmers, J. M.
Sullivan. Geors* Alpera, J. P. O'Keefe, D. F.
Keefe, J. W. Kins. A. Watkins, J. J. Crowe,
C. H. Lunsmann, H. Rawe.
¦ Reception committee — John Lackmann, chair
man: D. Hughes. J. Stulz, T. Salomon. A. W.
Lehrke, P. H. Buckley, , William Warnke, Jo
seph H. Robinson. William Ring.
. Honorary reception committee — William duff,
chairman; Andrew Patrick, E. J. Luhmann, E.
Gulttard. J. E. Godley, E. B. Blood, S. Suss
raann, Frank Weisman. W. M. Kratz, J. Levy
Jr., . A. Lorsbach, B. Snell, Fred Stroh. F. H.
Tyler, J. Marony. It. D. Redgesky, S. Schwab
acher, Dan O'Callaghan. I. Martin.
Games — J. W. \Kins, chairman; W. W.
Hewitt. Judge of games; P. J. Kennedy, an
nouncer; Joseph Handmann, starter; S. T.
Blake, Joseph Nesbett, Con Grau, . N. Marlsch.
A. H.j Powers, J. J. Crowe, Louis Baudoln,- M.
Moeller, H. Roesler," Henry Hauerhusen, E. J.
Sweeney. " ' ¦
Ladles' guessing contest — J. Salomon, chair
man; Louis Rlechers, J. C. Owens, W. A. Ren
nie, B: Fredrlcks.
Wheel of fortune — Charles Lunsmann, chair
man: J. H. O'Brien. E. F. Ott. A. Watkins. J.
S. Elliott. J. Mitchell, H. Lackmann.
Shooting gallery — H. Elmers, chairman; M.
Meyer. B. A. Schmidt. William Doell.
Bowling alley — H. Rawe. chairman; C. Claus
sen. Henry Meyer. John Dickens, J. Meisener.
E.- I. Flieser. ... .
Clerks* and members' drawing — D. F. Keefe.
chairman: G. H. Holzlander. C. Taft, E." Dunn.
Floor committee — T. H. Corcoran, chairman;
W. W. Borllnl. WHUam Hooper. Ed Broderlck.
Fred Griffins. Frank Hillenbrand. Louis Hoff
man. k WllItam Owens, • Thomas Connolly. Alex
King. A. W. Schrpeder. • '
Following is the result of the races:
Boys' \ace, under 10 years — First, Roy Ter
rill; second. Henry Shoemaker; third, Harold
Palmer. '. . !
¦ Girls' ' race, under 10 years — First. Eileen
McKInnon: second, Elsie Sullivan; third.
Gladys Colletz. ¦ .¦-.•:¦-• v.- ¦•
.Boys' 'race, '10 to 15 years — First. S. O'Brien;
second, J., Murphy; third. C. Robertson.
"-¦ Girls' ' race; '. 10 to ' 15 years— First. Mamla
Leddy: second, "Kitty Grady; third. Louisa.
Schulker. . ¦'.¦¦' ' . ¦ • . \ ;
'Three-legged: race, boys under 17 years —
First." Craig and Dugan: second. English and
Murphy; thlrdr Hammersmith and Sherman.
•/Mule race — First. John Hadman; second, A.
King; • third. J. Simmons.' ¦ .
-¦ Young • ladies'' race — First. Gertrude Banks;
second, 1 Venle Delmas; third, Gertrude Walker..
' 'City salesmen's drinking > contest — First. J.
:Handman; second, William Spear; third. Alec
Pape. - • ¦ - . •.'¦-'
¦Men's: race, professionals^ — First.' M. Short;
second, J; Farrell: third.; Alec Pap«. .'.-..,
¦¦ Married '. ladies' .race — First.. ' Mrs. Violet
Kelly; second;. Mrs. C. •Wledeman; third. Mrs.
Cooney. "¦ , , \ : '¦'-':¦'",' '-• t
f Clerks' race — First, A.' Stone; - second, -'T.
Lavin; third. T.- Jones. . • ' :. ¦ , • .-
Horace G. Platt is still' president of the
Geary-street road, and will undoubtedly
remain in office until the franchise ex
pires next year. It is generally believed
that the company will apply for a new
franchise, and that it will make an offer
of $75,000 for an additional twenty-five
years' franchise.
AH the officers of the United Railroads
have resigned from the Geary-street
line. In the future Richard Derby will
act as secretary, and E. C. Wright as
treasurer of the company. George A.
Grimes, formerly with the Sutter-street
line, has been made superintendent of
the Geary-street road, his appointment
going into effect to-day. , . • i
The stockholders of the company held
a meeting yesterday afternoon in the of
fices of the Pacific Improvement Com
pany, and it was decided to immediately
make some changes. Most of the Geary
street Railway stock is at present held
by the Pacific Improvement Company,
and for motives of economy the street
car company and the Pacific Improve
ment Company will occupy the same of
fices. -
The Geary-street Railway Company will
from to-day operate its road separately
and will be no longer connected with the
United Railroads of San Francisco.
The arrangements went like clockwork
yesterday. About 3:30 p. m. five hack's
for the Harriman party drove into the
Palace Hotel courtyard. The carriages
were soon filled by Mr. Harriman, his
family and invited guests; and away they
went, without a moment's delay.
Assistant President Julius Kruttschnitt
•will accompany the party, and at each
division the superintendent of the district
will meet the train and remain with it un
til it Is out of his territory. Superintend
ent W. S. Palmer with his private car
will go with the party as far as Sacra
mento; from there to Dunsmuir Superin
tendent R. J. Laws will be responsible
for the party, and to Portland Superin
tendent L. R. Fields wiJl be on the train.
President Harriman does not believe in
planning things ahead of time — he acls»
on the impulse of the moment Yester
day morni:ig- he decided that he would
leave at 4 in the afternoon. The word
was given to Superintendent -of Transpor
tation Richardson, and the special train
bearing the president and his select
party pulled out of the Oakland mole on
exact time.
President E. H. Harriman of the South
ern Pacific Company left this city yes
terday afternoon at 4 o'clock. He will
cpend several hours in Stockton to-day,
and then journey to Sacramento. He will
leave the Capital City late to-morrow
e\fning and go from there to Portland.
From this city on his Itinerary has not
been arranged. Traffic Director J. C.
Etubbs will meet him at Ogden and
travel with the party at- far as Chicago.
Delightful Day Is Spent
at Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael 1
Will Visit Stockton and
Sacramento on Way
to Oregon.
Severs All Connections
With the United
Railroads.
GROCERS ENJOY
ANNUAL OUTING
GEARY-STREET
ROAD CHANGES
HARRIMAN GOES
TO PORTLAND
the defendant the "Townites.V .who are
Mends of the pool sellers, will vote
igainst him at the coming election. He
is doing } some deep thinking.
In the .meantime the "Townites" mourn
the yellow -dog. while the "Hillites" cry
long Hve<the automobile." • ¦
Justice .Bellrude took- the case under
advisement. He is virtually between the
"devil and the deen sea." If ¦ he decides
against Larzalere the "Hill" people won't
patronize his bus, and if he exonerates
Pistolesi played to the gallery, 'which
was represented by the "Townites," but
the "Hill exclusives" scowled . and hissed
him from reserved seats. in. the orchestra.
Pistolesi had^ 'sweet revenge, however,
when Larzalere took tha, stand. He tan
gled ¦ that society gentleman, up and then
tried to force- him to give the name of
the ladies who were with 'him. when 'he
bumped the cur. Larzalere ; declined
whereupon Pistolesi arose and -Scanned
the room and pointing out a lady asked
if she was in the wagon/ The "Hill set"
took the cue and left the court room in a
body. The spectators then gave the
Prosecuting Attorney the merry "ha ha."
tice Bellrude, going up the hill -last Sat
urday night with a— (load). The' audi
enco laughed boisterously until it was
explained' that Judge Bellrude had a
crowd of people in his bus. Case | testi
fied that he shot the dog to end its suf
ferings, whereupon Langhorne asked for
a dismissal of his client on the ground
that-Case killed the animal and not Lar
zalere. The motion was denied.
rHEDIlICK'S APPEAL STAYS
EXECUTION" OF THE ORDER
When the case was called the room was
crowded with "Hillites" and "Townltes."
The former occupied the Jury box and
Surroundings, while the rabble went way
back and sat down on benches. Young
men with .varl-colored neck-cloths . or
stocks and hair parted to a nicety chap
eroned the. "Hillites," who were repre
sented in the presence of Rev. Mr. Wil
son, Mrs. Starkeeler, Mrs. Kilgarlff. Mrs.
Hickman, Miss Maud Miller, Miss Marian
Harrison, Miss Zelda Tiffany, Mrs. Ber
ry, Miss Grace Miller, Miss Anna Sparry,
Mrs. Mason, the Misses Mason, Mrs. Cap
tain Draper and the latter's bull pup
"Sapho." Mr.' Kilgariff thought it was
a society function, so he came in full
dress. "Billy" Harrison laughed ; so
heartily at one of Prosecuting Attorney
Pistolesi's sallies that he took a tack
somersault out of the jury box mussing
his hair.
Defendant Larzalere was late in court.
He had been playing ping-pong and for
got the hour set for the trial. Although
ne possesses an "automobile face," no
one would accuse him of being the "mur
derer" whom the Prosecuting Attorney
tried to make- him. appear, to be. Judge
Langhorne defended .Larzalere and he
helped on the fun by stirring up City
Attorney Pistolesi with caustic repartee:
Whenever counsel made strenuous ob
jection to a- auestion asked witness. -the
court would settle the matter by judicial
ly saying "cut it out.". The question being
"cut out," the attorneys would start over
again.
Dr. E. E. Case, the prosecuting witness,
is poundmaster, dentist," land agent, sec
retary of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, public executioner
and general Poo Bah of Sausalito. He
created consternation during the trial by
saying he saw the eminent jurist. Jus-
• putated the tail of a yellow dog
there last Saturday. It was unusual
amusement, for the residents who crowd
ed the court room last night. His Honor
Justice J. S. Bellrude drives the town
bus in the daytime and dons the ermine
at night. . .
THE last circus that visited the I
town of Sausalito was not half as,
funny as the trial of H. B. Lar
zelere, the automobillst, who am-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, THURSDAY, HAY lo, 1902.
AUTOMOBILE AND YELLOW DOG MIXUP
EXPLOITED IN A SAUSALITO COURT
16
DEPENDABLE SHOES*"" 1 *"^
I Good Shoes— without style— may be I
had in most any store, at some price. I >
Some style, without goodness, may I
be had in some $3.5O shoes. . I ¦ .-
g But the blending of Walk-Over qual- J
ity, with $5.00 style and fit— at $3 50
/y\ — is only found in the Walk-Over 'Mr.
. w* Shoes. vpi\
E Shoes to-day must be "crea- rJ'|\
<i3 * spJ tions M of the best craftsmen in the f^ijg
business— then quality. Any shoe— with "^^PS
however much style— that lacks honest mak-
ing, will soon look as though it had gone
through a wet day.
Shoemakingr, that is in any way wrong,
in shape, or in finishing, or at all short of what
it ought to be, is altogether wrong!
There is no half-way dj E^O
I in good shoemaking— it is y J«w |
I either all right, or all wrong. . Jk N eyer " I
I Why pay Five and Six >ess I
I Dollars? for men—for women. |
V— WALK-OVER SHOE STORE, -^-^
F. F. WRIGHT & SON.
'tfPP0£ 924-26 Market Street- E ° m « e m
BargainsH
—A BIG—
Hosiery Offer
TO-DAY ONLTlOc a pair for WOMEN'S
L'Oc QUALITY HERMSDORFF HOSEX;
all sizes: double heel and toe: extra
length. A rare chance! Don't miss it!
WOMEN'S WRAPPERS.
£*PZr> For pood $1 .00 PERCALE WRAP-
OOC pers. They're made with full
Spanish flounce, bretelles, " turnover, col-
lar, girdle belt and are neatly trimmed
" with braid; lined to Tvaist; sizes 32 to -fl.
CHILDREN'S DRESSES.
Pkfh/' F °r dainty $t-°0 WHITE LAWN
9J\J>y* DRESSES. They're very
. made with • yoke of allover embroidery:'
bretelle* over- shouldersr" neck. | sleeves
¦ and yoke trimmed with embroidery, edg-
ing; skirt full . s-.nd finished • with deep,
hem; sizes 18 to o4. • •..• . : ; ¦ Y
(\CSy-, For GOOD HEAVY PERCALE
VfOV* dresses; pretty shades — fast col-
ors. . We have them in sizes 4 to 12:
made with box-plaited front and vest . of
white" pique: bretelles edg-ed with'-Tor-j
chon lace; full skirt 'finished" with'- 1 deep
hem. They're wqrth $1.00. - : , •
CHILDPEN'S PIQUE CAPES. .
<£1 PC A For $2.50 QUALITY- WHITE'
t])l«OU PIQUE CAPES;, made with
graceful ripple effect: lined - with . fine'
Marseilles-rand trimmed with three ruf-
¦ fles at 'wide embroidery.
¦ V WOMEN'S WAISTS.; -
d OH F°r new lot • of ' EXCEED.
t]> 1 • Z, \J INGLT STYLISH WAISTS ;
a regular $2.00 quality and are made of
-fine grass : linen ¦ or lawn - 1 in i delicate
shades of pink and blue: trimmed, with
clusters of tucks and rows of Valen-
ciennes lace Insertion; all. sizes. ;
WOMEN'S! "OUTING" SKIRTS.
«t ' I S; f\ For !S STYLISH : CO:VERT
tj) 1 »t> \J : CLOTH ' SKIRTS. ; Something
new'. ..Entire, skirt tucked; .made -vvlth
deep flounce and trimmed with-i/4-lnch
wide bands- of same material..* '-A good
$2.00 value. . if. * ' ?¦'>, ¦¦ -: •', . . .
W0MENS GOWNS: /
AC\n For 75c/ MUSLIN-GOWNS; .made
TrvfV^ with .laree sailor collar." extra
. ' front yoke • portion • of, wide embroidery.-'
, collar and sleeves are daintily-, trimmed
with ruffles • edeed .with
. linen lace.- ' ¦¦ ¦ , '• •/¦¦>•• v '-t,v^ ¦•:0\-- ¦
EMBROIDERIES.
OAp A yard' for 10-inch wide 30c to 40c
Jm Uy . QUALITY- EMBROIDERY. "SK
..;¦¦¦. fln^' assortment of beautiful- designs from
. .which- to choose. -' '¦¦¦¦¦¦.''¦ . '¦ > ¦
RIBBON SPECIAL.
1 f| A' ¦ For .".-inch . wide 20c QUALITY
IUt LIBERTY SILK RIBBON, in all
the new shades.' 1 ;. . ... ,'¦
1212-1214 MARKET, STir
. ; ¦";-' Between .Taylor" and ; Jones. '
;' >; 'WE: : CLbsE: AT , ; 6;. O'CLOCK. :
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. r")^
. ¦ ¦ • i . ¦
Splendid Offerings in <
Ladies' Undermuslins I;
Exceptional values in very fine qualities — An assortment
consisting of the most artistic undergarments of muslin,
cambric and long cloth, prettily designed and daintly trimmed
with laces and embroideries— A great opportunity for those
leaving the city to replenish their wardrobes. •
Splendid Values in Gowns, muslin Good Muslin Drawers, handsomely
and cambric, 65c, 75c, 90c trimmed, 50c, 75c, $1.00
Very fine cambric and long doth Choice Muslin Skirts, elegantly
Gowns, $1.15, $1.50, $1.75 trimmed flounce, Ji. 50, $2.75, $3.75
Fine Corset Covers, 50c, 75c, $1.00 Pretty Chemises, 50c, 85c, $1.15
Choice Down Cushions
Just received a new shipment of those superior quality
Down Cushions — guaranteed oderless and free from dust,
which we are now offering at the following special prices :
Size 20 x 20 inches .....70c Size 24 x 24 inches 95c
Size 22.x 22 inches .....80c Size 26 x 26 inches $1.25
1 ¦ ¦ . • .
Sale of Shawls
We offer to-day a sample line of Knitted Wool Shawls at
away below regular prices — A manufacturer sacrificed
them to us at a very big loss. Every one is a different weave—
every one is brand new and in perfect condition— Some are
beautifully fringed, some plain; in colors, White, Black, Pink,
Blue and Red. They are the greatest bargains ever offered in
Shawls and certainly willnot last long at these prices : •
35c, 50c, 65c, 75c, $1.00 and $1.25 Each
Sheets and Pillow Cases
Ready to use, made of a good standard quality of bleached
muslin, with two-inch hems— suitable for hotel or family use-
Best values ever offered at these prices :
Sheets 54x90 42^c Sheets 81x90 , 57^c
Sheets 63x90 •--•59 c Sheets 90x90... 65 c
Sheets 72x90 ....52^ Sheets 90x99.. 70 c
Sheets 72x99 55 c Slips 36x45.. i2*c
Ladies' Bathing Suits
Here is an exceptional opportunity to obtain a Bathing Suit
for your summer vacation— We are selling a first class .stylish
suit for two and a half dollars — In appearance and shape it
cannot be distinguished from an expensive suit — d>r\ [~/-\
comes in striped Duck, prettily trimmed — Special at CfXZ.OU
[| Kearny and Suiter Sts. ||
: ;Hale's. I | J5*!f!?: :
llr &f Anniversary Month at Hale's. w° 'ft.. I
»\ ' ThiKP FitihfftidpiripQ v\
wW t \ * lllfijv LrlIIR/lUIUWlI&3 M.^ \
• te^ \ we are selling this week are too good to keep />>ift4- *
' i«^ v/ S^ about. So many thousands of yards^ — per- \$ m\j
haps half as many as we started with Monday-— |$/Z%/
Vffiwl'f'j all nice patterns. >/'$*?(
' fjv''l\* Hard to get as fine a selection, even in I z*k\
¦yT-l regular stock for t\tfice as much money. The / '*&]
w \ c em^ ro^ e " es are 2^ c - The ioc ones are 5c. 1 1'jT
\ o V /The I2^c and 15c ones are jV-c and so on. \
S°cf V B u t to add unusual interest to the occa- \
Uj 9 \ sion to-day we put on sale v^Va -"
'Jjgj This at 8k. WF
/ W\l Several hundred yards of edgings and in- v\
I oftf sertions that have been soiled from window and A
I o f interior display. Fine dainty edges, others j%
j \y wider and coarser ranging from 1 T A to 4^ &! ,
Uv| inches, insertions 1 K to 254 inches. Many of fe* ,
¦ yy them are worth as high as 2oc r but that does " «,'*/
V . not matter, they'll all be closed out now at one $&/
g — — : . : o
20c White Apron Lawn 15c.
Offered to-day to emphasize the white week. 40 inches wide,
fancy striped borders. . .
Quite as unusual is this —
White Victoria Lawn, 10c a yard— 40 inches wide, a soft quality.
© — ; ¦ . — . 1 — 1 o
Kitchen Things of Wood
are spread out in great shape downstairs. A big window is full
of them. There^are even /
So Many Extra Values
a few of them get into the paper. We want you to come
downstairs to-day and profit by this effort.
Washboards ISc — Medium size. Sewing Table 69e—-The kind that v
Ladder Chairs $1.35 — Light oak, fold up, have a yard measure on 7
folded up it's a chair, unfolded it's the side, finished in antique oak.
a ladder.- ii; r ; , Folding Ironing- Tables 08c
20c Slaw Cutters" 10c— 6x17 Strong— the kind that don't wob-
inches. " "^ " ble — made adjustable to any height.
15c Gas Torches 8c. • Wicker Hampers OSc The very
Towel Rollers 10c— Light oak, var- thing for soiled clothes, closely
nished. and strongly woven— 24 inches
Wooden Salt Boxes 8e.: :. • high, 16 inches across.
5O Feet of Galvanized Wire Clothes Line 10c.
It's a. good every-day kind. The first time we. have offered it at ioc
TlYlarket Street, J 1P5& la? | Market Street, j
X Opposite Golden I /jQp JBB^*^ C3r^^w9 f . I Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. -^gC^pOO/> 0000^*^ 1 Gata Avenue. I
1 W LOUIISd
We are going to have our two-day
>pecial .sales on Thursday and Fri-
day, from now on — store becomes
too crowded on Saturdays— we can't
accommodate .our regular < custom-
ers. We have selected some ex-
ceptional- special values to inaugur-
ate v the change.
"Xiadies* tan Russia high or low shoes
as pictured above, with: extension"
soles on a swell last, for summer
wear, every, pair guaranteed; special
for Thursday and" Friday. .'..... SS.15
(Indies' flno vici kid, low - or high-
shoes, with kid or patent leather tips,
hand-welted soles, with v either low
or military, heels, every pair guar-
anteed; .special for. Thursday and
Friday .*.............. ..$3.15
Ladies' patent leather, low or high
shoes. Imported material "in all
patent leather or wlthrdull mat kid
tops, extension or < turn soles, stylish
toes, our regular J^ 60 rvalue; special
for Thursday and Friday.. ....$2. 85
¦Children's and- misses' kid button
or lace shoes, either with light or
extended soles, patent leather tips; a
dress shoe that will wear well; special
for Thursday and Friday, sizes 5 to 8,
05c: 8^ to 11, Si.lo, and 11% to 2..
-•• •• Sl.36
Children's and misses* patent leath-
er oxfords, stylish extended soles, the
cutest you ever saw, just like mam-
ma's;, special for Thursday and Fri-
day, sizes S% to 11;, $ l.HO, and . 11*4
¦ tq^2 v :..... ............ : .......;....\$1. SO
Men's patent leather oxfords or lace
shoes, light soles and stylish toes, a
dressy shoe for Sunday wear; • special
for Thursday and Friday. . . .. -S3. 15
Men's vlci kid or box calf low or
high shoes, full- round tofes. Goodyear
welts, both '¦ neat and stylish, our reg-
ular $3 50 value; special for Thursday
and Friday ........... v.... .#3.85
'•Boys' and youths'- vici kid lace
shoes. 1 soft • tops.-., stout soles, dressy
and durable. -every, pair guaranteed;
special for Thursday and Friday, sizes
9 to 13, $1.40; 13& to 2, *'$1.G5.' and
2^. to 514..;..-...-.......... ...gl.85
Boys* and youths' patent colt lace
shoes, a shiny leather. 'like,
patent leather, only. It wears niuch
better; special for Thursday, and Fri-
day, sizes. 9 to 13. 81:85; 13^ to 2,,
$2:15, and 2\A to &u .......... S2.35
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— raiBAY— SATURDAY
RANCH ECCS, dozen 20c
Tbe very choicest.
Regularly 23&
CREAMERY BUTTER, square -SSc
Our usual fine Jtrade,
Elsewhere 40c.
SPICED MOLASSES DROPS, IblOa
Ma.de by National Biscuit Ox - »
Very delicious. Regularly Iflo. : J
SOCIAL TEA BISCUIT*, pkg ...IOC
A sweetened Biscuit: desirabltt lor
all occasions. Regularly 15c.
MINCED CLAMS, 3 tins 25c
Delicious for Soup and Cfco^rder.
Regularly 10c a tin. -— ; ;¦ :'
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bottle-. ISO
Our celebrated "Ideal** brand.
Regularly 20c ; ,-
SWEET PICKLES, pint Jar 2CO
' Heinz's best known brand, and of
finest quality.
ROSEBUD WHISKY, bot.90c, gal. $4
The highest grade of whisky produced
. In America. Regularly : ¦ -
$1 25 and $5 00.°
RIESLING, gallon 40c
A choice Table Whit* Wins.
Regularly 60c. >'v" * /-'•"-•'¦
¦ COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
Catalogue cheerfully 'furnished on applica-
tion. mmmmm _^^ mmmmt ; -_ v-
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 6522.
¦ Makes your Eye-Glasses as R
a the. oculist' intended— B
B Helpful, Restful, Becoming, fi
B With Clips that hold, yet do g
W not wound the nose. M
' i •
For Stomach Disorders-
Cout and Dyspepsia
drinx
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
.,<'. 220 BROAIXWAT. N. T.
E-nU-SA
Cures Piles, or $50 Forfeited.
No 'Mercury or Opiates.
ALi;^UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
iiffju"- .. 'Weak Eye* Str«njithencd. X
4j^!?S5«3ti Painful or inflamed eyes in-
1^^S#»3b^ «antly relieved withGKORGS
s& If ..'. *5« MAYERLE'S 'German Ey»
*5j?S— SjS^f Water. BOo, at 1071 Market
- et - Tel - South 67 2- Non« «en-
¦ .•*»•"• utae without this- trademark
-¦* %¦'¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ftJMIl lllJl . »»