SAN > FR&KCISCO,^ |MONDi^^EGH||l^ , 1902.
SEYMOUR IN KANSAS CITY, WHERE
NORA FULLER SUSPECT IS IN JAIL
Russian General Is Dismissed.
.LONDON,' March 10.-A; dispatch , to
the Dally ': Chronicle- from Berlin pays
that ,• the Russia"n : general,' IGribski/ who
was responsible v for : the- massacre .at
Blagovestchensk, has' been- dismissed
from the army.*-'- •
NEW YORK, March 9.-At a price said
to have been$oOO,000, J. Pierpont Morgan
has purchased the great Garland collec
tion of porcelains and it is to remain it:
this country. For years the Garland col*
lection ha3 open one of the most notable
art treasures in the Metropolitan Museum
of Art. By connoisseurs it is regarded aa
possibly" the finest in the world.
¦ Many single pieces would easily bring
$50,000 as a first bid. One inparticular in,
the "Red Hawthorn" vase. It is jet black,
with enameled peach blossoms scattered
upon it. There is nothing else liko it m
the world. It is a strange fact that mod
ern art in ceramics. cannot com© any
where near the reproduction of these an
cient Chinese pieces, either in quality ox
«cl3r
' • It\wllfbe news, to most Democrats that
a f.well defined movement' has. started to
make Judge Alton B. Parker, Chief Judge
of, the Court of. Appeals of New -York, the
Democratic V candidate ;for_- Governor. •''.: "of
New 4 York' next fall, and, ;if he be. sue-.
CALL .;' BUREAUV:i406 G. STREET, X.
W. , WASHINGTON, . March , 9.— Governor
Odell's 1 visit to President Rooseyeft ¦ is
only one of "¦ the ¦ many, moves . now being
made on 1 the . political chess bqard- looking
to^'the campaigns of ': 1902; and : 1P0 J.' ' ;The
Governor returns" with the assurance that
in his v campaign for 'a rehominati'on he
will -have ,the' suppdrt of -the President.; - ;
Speciai Dispatch to: The Call.
ODELL GAINS
THE SUPPORT
OF ROOSEVELT
MORGAN PAYS
HALF-MILLION
FOR PORCELAIN
The Senators contented themselves
with . angry- glances,'! and, \ without, yield
ing, an inch. they, moved past each other
and In a few minutes the car. had placed
them at a safe distance. A lobkof dis
appointment was evident' among the pas-:
sengers. ¦'. '¦. ' . . v : . ; _';,\/ .'¦.:¦- .'; >-|j
TTTTTTTTTrrTTTlTI i >*1_* *J TT^rVt
riding was better than walking and pro
proceeded : to? take the same, car for his
home. The. two :; Senators, whose feud
waxes fiercer s dally. came . face " to face
for the first .time, since their, collision in
tho Senate : chamber. "Neither had seen
the. other until , they;, found themselves
wedged, together in the door. • Both
looked tip , and as their eyes met pas
sengers, leaned; forward in an expectant
manner. ¦...;:.;• ".-'.¦• . . \ ¦/. '
/> New. York ' ista. be the battlefield In
1P04." .and. .. th'i3 V fall 'the - control/ of the
HousV.will : depend; on: results'in tjat
State, and in Ohio,- Indiana. Illinois and
Wisconsin; ;. In 'these fiVe' States the Re
publican party is; rapidly getting into- a
losing condition because of '. factional
troublcs.-which are splitting the organiza
tion wide open. Of all ;these States, New
.York Is the most important this year. If
it should be saved out of ; the '•.wreck the
loss of the House .would not- be fatal. If
W. goes , Democratic ; in ; November, it will
be-an' almost certain: augury; 'of Republi
'can defeat :at; the' polls in liWi. -
cessf.ul.\ the. Democratic candidate for
President in 19041 , It will be news to most
Republicans- that *the leaders of their
party are rnakf rig little concealment of;
their fear that. at the State and Congres
sional elections -this fall the campaign of
1STK>, which was the forerunner of 1502,
when the Republicans; lost control of the
House", may be repeated. :.'••¦ ;¦*-
RUSSIA PREPARES FOR WAR WITH JAPAN AND THE FAMILIES
OF CHINESE MERCHANTS ARE ORDERED TO QUIT PORT ARTHUR
MONDON, March 10.— In a dispatch dated Shanghai, the correspondent of tte Arthur de
' dare they have been ordered to remove their families from Port Arthii^
war with Japan. - % ' /¦[;.[ •.-.. x $M^^MWM^WMBM&^0. . ¦
NO BLOODSHED
WHEN TILLMAN
SEES McLAURIN
As the car. reached the corner of F, and
Ninth streets' Senator " McLaurin started
to get off. "Just at. this "moment his coir
league, Senator Tillman,' concluded that
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
.TV., WASHINGTON, March 9.— Coming
from the. capitol ' a few days ago, occu
pants of a street car became agitated
when they, discovered they were fellow
passengers with Senators Tillman and
McLaurin. Many of the; passengers
thought that in.'addition to their ride they
were to be treated to a "scrap" between
two . South Carolina Senators, in which
there would be no "ceremonious Inter
ruption." ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRAVE AT LAST
TO CLOSE UPON
MINSTREL RICE
New Tork. sent word that the body of
her husband was to be sent to her. Word
was. received to-day that her long strug
gle to raise funds had been unavailing,
but that the Actors' Association had sub
scribed enough for a modest funeral. A
letter from Mrs. Rice, received . here to
day, tells of many rebuffs she met when
asking frimds for financial aid.
A fund was started here, to-day by
hotel m»n to erect a monument over the
grave of Rice in ¦ Greenwood Cemetery.
.All traveling companies playing here are
being askprj to contribute.
Sp«ciftl Difpatch to The Call
HOT SPRINGS. Ark.. March D.-After
eleven days of negotiations, the body of
"Billy" Rice, the minstrel, will be con
signed to th«» grave to-morrow, and the
one-time JlO^O-a-ueek entertainer will
have a JDO funeral at the expense of the
Actors' Fund, which has finally taken
charge of the remains.
Since March 1, when Rice died penniless
In a small roomjn a hotel ""here, the un
dertakers who cared for the body' have
been trying to find some one to pay the
costs of a funeral. The local lodge of.
Elks had arranged for the interment,
Mrs. Rice, who is playing a small
t*art in "I>ubarry" at the Criterion in
v
Battle Impending in Venezuela.
~~ NEW YORK, March 10.— At the request
of the German Orinoco Asphalt Company
cruiser Falke has sailed from Trini
dad for Pcdernales, Venezuela, to protect
German interests there, says a" Pout, of
Spain (Trinidad) dispatch to. the^ Herald.
A battle between the Government and in
surgent troops^s impending in Pcdernalcs.
or not the person now held in
confinement will be brought to
San Francisco to be arraigned
for the startling crime.
The fact that the Kansas
City authorities had a suspect in.
the Fuller murder case was
known to the heads of the San
Francisco Police Department a
be justified by competent police
authority, is in jail at Kansas
City under suspicion of being
the much sought criminal. Cap;
tain of Detectives Seymour of
San Francisco is at present in.
Kansas City, and upon his de
cision regarding the identity of
the suspect will depend whether
THE man who decoyed
Xora Fuller front her
home on the nth of
January and strangled
her in a vacant house on Slitter
street may be in custody. Some
one wno answers the- descrip
tion of Bennett nr Hawkins so
closely that his arrest was felt to
week ago. Much telegraphic
correspondence ensued between
the two departments, arid last
Wednesday Captain Seymour de
parted for the East on the At
lantic express, leaving this city
at 7:30 o'clock- in the. morning:
His destination 'was a closely
guarded-secret, and -Chief Witt
man allowed the .impression to
wired to hold the man and that a detective would start at once for Kansas City.
/There is a detective here answering the description of Captain Seymour of that city.
% * •¦..¦¦..¦
The San Francisco Police Department has been notified and Chief Wittman has
KANSAS CITY, tfio., March 9. — The police here have a man under arrest
answering the description of Bennett, the supposed murderer of Nora Fuller.
It can be stated positively;
however, that ¦ Seymours desti-
¦ -Last night the Chief called, the
representatives of the press into
his office and informed them .that
he had heard from Captain Sey
mour. What the purport of. the
message was. or where Seymour
was when he communicated with
the department, was not made
known. The . Chief further ad
mitted that he had been in com
munication • ; with V Captain Sey
mour ever since he had 'started
on his hurried journey, but he ab
solutely refused to . give -further
information.
prevail , that the head of the 'de
tective force had j gone north.
"That- the murderer had found
his 1 - way back > to M issouri after
the /commission : of; the j:rime
suspicion of having: murdered
Nora Fuller. .What ground*, the
Kansas City police have \ for , be
lieving that the man . they- hold
perpetrated the crime is held rig
idly secret. At least their rep
resentations were of. sufficient
weightto induce the Chief of De
tectives to S rush half-way across
the ¦ continent -to .investigate the
matter; and such journeys are
riot taken. for light reasons.
nation when lie left" this city was
Kansas City, and he went for the
purpose of seeing, and talking to
the man who was in custodv on
From what little is known of
Bennett's habits it is a reasonable
supposition that he was a travel
ing man and not a resident of
this or adjoining States. The
publicity that was given to the
murder in this section would
seem to preclude the possibility
of the criminal being overlooked
if he belonged in this section.
Therefore the arrest at Kansas
City and its attendant circum
stances promise -well in the ab
sence'of definite information to
would fit well with the most
reasonable theories that have
been propounded regarding the
commission of the murder.
Police of Eastern City Maintain Mysterious Silence and San
Francisco Detective Observes Strict Secrecy as j
to His Identity and Mission.
Prisoner Answers in Every Particular the Description of the Alan
Bennett Who Lured the Young Girl From Her Home
to Suffer a Horrible Death.
MURDERED GIRL, AND DE
TECTIVE^ WHO HAS GONE
AFTER SUSPECT.
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCI.—XO. 100.
PRICE 'FIVE CENTS.The Armenian language at present In
use among that oppressed people is said
to be a close- approach In construction to
the Syrlac and <Jreek.
Object to Sunday Funerals.
TRENTON; N. J.; March 9.-f The Tren
ton Coachmen!s' Union at aL meeting. lasf
night decided >, not; .to • drive at "Sunday
funerals. In 1 this move they have • tne
support of -all the undertakers of the
city but one, who held a funeral to-day
His : drivers will be expelled from •- the
union. 'An agitation against Sunday
funerals has. been going on Jn; this city
for" some v time/ and has the indorsement
of the -clergy. >¦ ¦¦<¦¦.:; ¦> . •¦.• ;
Collars and ' Cuffs .Go ; TTp; in Smoke.
v'BENNINGTON,. Vt., J' March .9.— The
main- building j of the Unity- Collar, and
Cuff- Company^ in North Benhfngton.'was
burned to-day. Loss; $60,000. - * v -.
FAY LAST SAD TEIBTJTE
TO THE WRECK ''""VICTIMS
Hundreds Attend the Funeral Ser
• vices of Engineer Mast and Fire
man Bertsch.
, EL PASO, Tex., March 9.— Engineer Al
Mast., and' Fireman Bertsch, the only
two victims of Friday's Sunset limited
, wreck whose bodies were recovered from
The blame for the" .wreck has ; been
placed on | the conductor of | No. 6. It Is
alleged he failed , to folio w orders. - No. 8
had" the right of way to Douglas. ~ V
.-•-•¦: ¦ • ¦¦¦¦¦- ,¦¦¦¦¦¦•.
The trainmen on the rear coach of No.
8 s and the fireman and engineer > of No. 6
saved themselves by jumping. The shock
of. the collision threw Eberhardt through
the roof of ¦ the coach. The coaches, of
No. 8 were piled into a- confused 'mass,
took' fire and were slowly consumed.-- The
engine. of No. 6 was badly crushed. and
disabled.. ..:'¦; . .. ..- ¦ '- ¦ .¦ ¦' - : ¦:¦ ¦
The collision." occurred at Lowell, one
mile . west from Bisbee. -; Train Noi - 8,
backing into the junction of ; Don Luis,
met' No. (i coming to ; Bisbee from Doug
las. They wervi" not much more than 100
feet apart when the trainmen first saw
their. danger and the two trains crashed
together at full speed. -¦
BISBEE. Ariz., March 9.— Two cars and
the special coach of the general superin
tendent .were burned yesterday after, a
collision near Bisbee on the El Paso and
Southwestern . Railroad. J. Eberhardt, a
passenger, and several trainmen were In
jured. Eberhardt's skull was fractured, a
/.That night, a Mexican: officer formally
waited on Clayton, and, in behalf of. one
of the belligerents, challenged himito a
duel. Clayton explained that he could not
flght, his commission in the United States
army forbidding in the strongest. way any
such performance. - : r
¦- r Clay ton was expelled from all the ' cl ubs
In the. City of Mexico. - At the same time
a prominent official intimated to the | Min
ister that" hia son's position in" society in
the Mexican icapit&l had been compro
mised and that the wisest course for him
was to withdraw. :• .' ' ' .
During the Christmas holidays young
Clayton became : engaged in an argument
with a Mexican officer concerning Ameri
can politics in the Orient and tho Antilles.
.The- Mexican said some things which
Clayton resented. Finally the lie was
passed' and' the -entire company became
involved, in blows. -. - ¦. • \*- "¦¦ -'
WASHINGTON,' March 9. -Lieutenant
Powell Clayton Jr M ' son'of the Minister
to Mexico, was recently detached fr^m
the embassy and assigned to cavalry sta
tioned at Fort Myer. ' Concerning ¦¦; the
change there is a story not told in the
military records.;, .j-' . -
• ; - " -r-. .''" -..¦-¦- -V) ¦¦¦¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
It was reported March 7 from Peking
that the Chineser court had ordered
ihe immediate .release of this priest-in
order to forestall the, entry . of • foreign
troops in the district of Jehol, which is
rich In . gold mines. .
An oihciai ut the Foreign Office de
clares thai the Russians nave already
dispatched 50u troops, to Jehol from tha
Mauchurian border.
The trouble began over the settlement
of the claims of native Christians, and it
resulted in rioting oetween the Christians
and the non-Christians. . Brigands took
advantage of this to plunder the country
and the Russian i telegraphic i connections
were lincldentally cut. The •' Foreign Of
fice says that the captured priest Is a
Belgian.
PEKING, March 3.— Chinese officials
are greatly, disturbed over the conditions
around Jehol (Chengte), about 100 miles
northeast of Peking, where bandit sol
olery have captured a priest.
Minister Glayton ? s Son
v Loses His Social ; ,
Several Persons Injured
in a Disaster in
(.:, Arizona.
Officials Are Alarmed
Over the Outbreak
<at Jehol.
TRAINS CRACH
AT FULL SPED
AVOIDS A DUEL
WITH MEXICAN
- The first note. presented to the Porte by
the United States^legation • at Constanti
nople in the matter of Miss v Stbne's cap
ture by brigands demanded .the punish
ment of 'the,' guilty parties. The , Porte
in replying, repudiated responsibility.
.CONSTANTINOPLE, March^ 9."— The
American Legation here to-day ..pre
sented to 'the Porte the text of the note
referring to the capture of 'Miss Stpne.
It Is pointed out in. this : note that a3
Miss Stone was captured, the
paid and the prisoners delivered in Tur
key /the brigands must be within' the
Turkish frontier and should, therefore be
captured.' ; '-¦ * '¦'>¦ ' • "¦¦¦=•• '
The note denies that the authorities
were ever required to lessen "their '.vigi
lance'on-the frontier and asserts' that
only the "movements of the troops in the
interior" were interfered- with: * : ¦-¦•¦• .
DEMANDS THE CAPTURE ; ,
CF THE TURKISH ¦BRIGANDS
MACON, Ga., March 9.— Assistant Unit
ed States Attorney Ackermann, who has
returned fFom Savannah, says that the at
torneys fcr Captain Groen and Charles
Gaynor. charged with conspiracy .to rob
the Government- in connection with the
Savaxmah harbor workf. express them
selves as greatly mortified over the dis
appearance of the!r clients and are whoijy
without advice's as to their whereabouts;
Acfcermann says the officers cf the court
have no fear that the men can find a safe
hiding place • anywhere, as they believe
the countries with - which the - United
States has no extradition treaties, would
almost certainly surrender them on the
ground of comity.
yovcrrment Officials Confident, Hov:
fver, of the Capture of Captain
. Green end Companion.-
AUTHORITIES ARE UNABLE
TO TRACE THE FUGITIVES
"It was just like being on a wild buck
ing Texas mustang for us fellows In the
berths. They jumped up and down, put
us on our heads and feet by turns, and
then the coaches rolled over and over
We scrambled "out and left the wreckage
to burn. In about an hour there was
not a thing left of that train except iron "
H. I. Todd of Frankfort. Ky.. said- "it
was indescribably awful. Of -course, those
poor fellows in the day coaches got it
worst. Four or five coaches were piled
right on top of one another In a heao
When the cars telescoped some of those
in the smoker were crushed to death or
pinioned in the wreckage, only to die by
flre." The crew Is entitled to great credit
for they worked at rescue heroically " '
\\ hen I - found that I could not move and
that I had not been Injured I called for assist
ance, and Mrs. Lynch was the first to answer
me, I could see J injured men and women
seemingly all around me, and for a' moment
I could not think what to do. Then some man
came and broke the window near where I was
sitting:, and soon after that Mrs. Lynch and
myself were, drawn through It into the open
air. We were none too soon, for by that time
the train - was on fire . and the forward cars
were burning briskly. I could not describe
the 'scene of horror, but I shall never forget
it. 1 do not know hovr many were killed, but
I think there were more than twenty.
C. F: Poff of Parsons, Kans., who was
er route to Los Angeles, said:
I occupied a section directly opposite that of
Mrs. F. Lynch of Louisville, Ky. She was
one of the -injured, and bat for the help ot
several men both of us would have been burned
to death. "When* the crash came I seemed to
be lifted off my seat, and it was fortunate for
me that I was, for otherwise I would have
been caught in the broken seat and held as In
a vise. Mrs. Lynch was thus caught, and her
limbs and back were painfully injured.
' Mrs." Robert Domanguse of Los An
geles, .wife of ex-Assistaht City Auditor
Domanguse, was aboard the ill-fated
train' and, although' she sustained no in
juries, her escape from death was almost
'miraculous. She said:
LOS ANGELES, March 9.-rThe South
ern Pacific train that took the place of
No. 9 that was wrecked at Maxon, Tex.,
Friday morning, arrived at the Arcade
station in this city at an early hour to
day. ; Among the passengers were a score
who had passed through the wreck. Many
of the passengers asserted that the lists
of the dead and injured that have been
published are incorrect, in that the num
ber given is too small.
aster Tell of the
Passengers in Tex?.s Dis-
CHICAGO, March 9.— Rev. Jeremiah J.
Crcwley. tbe " Roman ¦ Catholic clergyman
v. ho v. as the central .figure in a sensa
tional scene here' on November 3. when
the -lights in VLoHy Name Cathedral were
turned out and the celebration of high
mass vas etopped in an effort to. force a
b«n of excommunication against Father
Crowlty, has' • returned to Chicago., and
pave' evidence to-day of his rehabilitation
an a -priest by celebrating high mass in
the Church of the Immaculate Concep
lion. at .Schiller street and Xorth Park
f venue. Father Crowloy arrived on
Thursday from Washincron. where he
conferred with Cardinal Martinelli.
Church of , the Immaculate
Conception. ,.
Celetrates Solemn High/ Jtass in tlxt
FATHER CROWLEY RETURNS
TO HIS DUTIES IN CHICAGO
DEATH'S LIST
MAY BE LONGER
"Theater-going," he said, "is a matter
of conscience. I do not say, nor does our
church say, 'Thou shalt not,' but there
are some instances where to remain, si
lent is unthinkabje. During, the last week
one of the lowest, vilest and most im
moral plays has been thrust upon '• the
public in the name of art. The plot is im
possible, tne moral is immorality, the act
ing is poor. . An evening paper, in a" com
mendable and fearless editorial, says that
the play is simply Impossible as well, as
indecent. Not a redeeming feature, not
a pleasant thought, scarcely a bright line
throughout, badi utterly bad, vile, fit only
for the gutters of' Paris, where it-belongs
and whence it was taken;' damned from
start to finish by the author, and eter
nally damned it should be by all self
respecting people.
"The strong language of that editorial
should follow that: accursed- production
untilit is driven from the stage.' The sa
lccn-keeper is far- more honorable and
more desirable than these piayers .who
thus: insidiously creep Into a community
in the. guise of honorable people and then
outrage the trusting public with such
damnable portrayals ojf ..immorality."
LOS ANGELES. March 9.— The Rev.
Aquilla Webb* to-night: at the First Pres
byterian Church took occasion to score
the new play, "La Madeleine." "V.
Los Angeles Clergyman Uses Vigor
ous Words Against a Theatri
cal Production.
1 * /
SAYS "LA MADELEINE"
IS A WICKED PLAY
the ruins, were buried here to-day. Th«
luncral of the dead engineer was held
irom the Episcopal Church, and the edi
fice was inadequate to contain the crowd,
some 300 being turned back at the door.
The Knights Templar took a prominent
part in the ceremonies, the deceased hav
ing been a prominent member of that or
der. Almost equally as large a crowd
attended the funeral of the dead fire
man, which was held from an undertak
ing- establishment.
The wreck victims at the various hos
pitals and hotel3 are all reported by the
physicians to be on the road to recov
ery. There will be no further fatalities,
although some of the injured were seri
ously maimed and scalded. I
Cecil Rhodes Is Improving.
CAPE TOWN, March 9.— Cecil Rhodes,
who Is suffering from peritonitis, passed
a good night and is better this morn
lng. ¦ ? • • '
CHINESE THUGS
SEIZE A PRIEST
[" T[ ROUSINGmass meeting" cf' the
I y\ churches interested in the work
! /s!\ of the Young Men's Christian As
1 A)\ sociation was held at the First
Congregational Church yesterday
! afternoon. The gathering was held for
the purpose of rousing general interest in
the- jubilee of the association, which is to
be held next year and Incidentally to raise
funds for the liquidation of the heavy
I debt owing on the association bulding.
There was no vacant seat in the audi
i torium at 3 o'clock when Rolla V. Watt,
j president of the association, called the
meeting to order . in a brief address.
I Seated upon the platform were Rev.
George C. Adams, pastor of the First
j Congregational Church; Rev. W. Kirk
Guthrle, pastor of the First Presbyterian
Church; Rev. Frederick W. Clampett,
rector of. Trinity Church, and Secretary
H. J. McCoy of the association. The vice
-presidents were: \
C. "K, Bi«hcp, J. H. Wadsworth. Edward
Coleman, Mayor Schmitz^ Robert Balfour. Wil
Ham Alvord. Georse A. Pope,. William If.
j Crocker, Jude-e W, W. Morrow, David Starr
Jordan, W. Frank Whittier, John F. Merrill.
Georre Stone. Antoine Borel; Colonel Jacob U.
RawJes, Claus t-nreckels. Jacob H. XefT. John
C. Coleman; Benjamin Ide" Wheeler, Hartland
Law, 21. D., Charles Holbrook. B. A. Becker,
Charles Webb Howard, Homer S. Kin*. Dr.
W. F. McNutt, F. W. Dohrmann, Henry
Payot, Major W. B. Hooper. W. P. Redington.
Robert Bruce. Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., C. B.
Perkins, Thomas G. Crothers, W. H. Taylor,
! A. B. Forbes. N. P. Cole, B. C. Wright, Wes
j ley A. Jacobs. C. W. Pike, Judge W.. H. Beat
ty, Georee C. Bcardman, L. J. Truman^ J. C.
j Campbell, C. S. Wright. Tirey L. FonrTS. F.
j Bufford. W. J. Dutton, August F. Rogers,
1 C S. Holmes. Richard Burr. Thomas Hodge.
I A. S. Johnson. Wallace Bradford, James Hors
! burgh Jr., Dr. R. L. Rig-don, AJ JV. Scott. Dr.
' K. E. Kelly. J. G. Levensaler, Herbert Law,
J. V. D. Middleton, M. D., A. P. Black, 1
I WlUard Beam. F. B. Carpenter M.D., Captain
' John Bermin<rham. E. S. Pillsbury, Samuel '
J Martin, C. A. Maydwell. W. W. Chase, F. A.
I Hyde and Georee R. Sandersah,
s President Watt, in calling the meeting
I : . ¦'¦.-.
Rev. Mr. Guthrie, who was next in
troduced, said that to him the term Y.
M. C. A. always was a most happy one.
It represented the two greatest things
Young Men and Christianity*.
In closing Rev. Mr. Adams referred to
the debt of the association and the ef
forts being made to remove the burden.
He hoped that all who are Interested in
the moral progress of our ! young men
would put their shoulder to the wheel,
as it were, and assist in the grand work.
When Christ organized the apostolic church
of which each denomination claims to be the
direct representative, he called for men with,
the true spirit of God In their hearts. Every,
business man in San Francisco who employs
labor is looking for Just such men.' It is the
happy orovince of the Young Men's Christian
Association to turn out .that kind of young
men. The association ls> training men to. hon
orable citizenship. It ia doing a magnificent
work in training: men for the intelllKent per
formance of the ordinary duties of life. It
is a grand ghurch, one that should receive, the
support of. every self-respecting man- and
woman. '
to order, said that the Young Men's
Christian Association was in no sense a
social club, but a place where homeless
young men might receive Christian com
panionship. To these young men it was
in many ways a real home. There was a
huge debt on the structure, and the in
terests of the members demanded that it
be cleared .a way. . The. meeting was called
for the purpose of creating an interest
in the work of - the association among
church workers of every denomination.
A dispatch was received from ¦ Mayor
Schmitz, who was to have addressed .the
meeting, announcing that he was unable
to leave Mount Hamilton in time to be
present. Rev. Mr. Adams delivered a
stirring address. He took issue with
President Watt, . who said the Young
Men's Christian Association was not a
church. The speaker said it. was in a
large sense a church, inasmuch as it'rep
resented the united efforts of all *the
churches of every form of belief. Resum
ing, he said:
NEW; YORK, March 0.— Despite the al
leged promises of the saloon-keepers that
to-day should be the dryest Sunday on
record, so far * as New York was con
cerned, the' man or woman who wanted
a drink had little or no trouble in pur
chasing it. About the only difference in
getting one was that the thirsty man
was not allowed to stand at the bar and
in -many instances' he. was forced'to sit
down' to the "property sandwich" left
over from, the earlier days of tho Raines
law reign.'
But for all this it might easily be
termed a quiet Sunday. A tip was given
to the crowds that usually hang about
the saloons that their presence was not
desirable. In consequence the usual
hangers-on kept out of the way. Cap
tain Sheehan was active in the tender
loin district and before the day was well
along his men had arrested several bar
keepers. • .
In the upper west side portion of the
city the orders for a dry Sunday were
observed to a certain extent. On 1 - the
lower east side of the city it Is doubtful
if one saloon out of 500 was closed. In
most instances a man could walk into the
side, door without, any trouble. Along
Seventh avenue and on the Bowery bar
rooms that probably have not been closed
a single day in years did no bar trade at
all. In many instances the proprietors of
these places had impromptu bars rigged
up in the back rooms'' and served drinka
there. *¦
Brinks by the Side-Door
Route.
Thirsty Residents Connect With
I SUNDAY CLOSING IN NEW j
.YORK PROVES A FARCE;
Secretary McCoy briefly addressed the
iheeting. He spoke of his; twenty years'
connection with the local association, and
referred to the great work being done in
the education of the young men of San
Francisco. The assets of a city were not
Its buildings, its banks or;rallways, but
its young men. He closed with a stirring
plea for financial 1 aid in order that the
building may be dedicated next year and
the mortgage publicly burned. ¦
A collection was then taken up, but the
amount was not -reported. This closed
the programme." During the I meeting
solos were sung by H. H. ; Barnhart and
a male chorus rendered "The Heavens
Are Telling." Benediction was pro
nounced by the Rev. Mr. Guthrle.
' Greece and Rome . had their mighty armies
and- navies, but what- are they now? They
failed in those days to realize that prosperity
comes only with sound citizenship and sound
leadership. The Young- Men's Christian Asso
ciation makes Rood citizens, noble Christians.
The term Y. M. C. A. means to me simply "You
Must Consecrate Ability." It is by conse
cratine ability that, real success in life is at
tained. If I know that the engineer 'or a
train by which I am to travel is a man of
moral rectitude, I enter upon my Journey with
out fear. The influence of the Young Men's
Christian Association is the one great power
whose influence Is always felt in a great city.
What is doing more for the purification and
elevation of our young -men than this great in
stitution? There is a tremendous power for
evil in San Francisco with its 3200 saloons, its
theatrical enterprise, by which posters are
posted upon the walls, which if viewed by a
young man in the presence of his pure sister
will bring the blush of shame to his cheek.
Let us make the association stronger. let us
build it up, for it consecrates our young men
and to them we look for the material advance.
ment of. our prosperity.
Rev. Mr. Clampett delivered a brief ad
dress. He said that in the war now
waging between the British and Boers the
constant cry was "Men, men." Esgland
knows that if she expects to win she
must have men and the Boers also real
ize that they require more men to render
success certain. What is true in Africa
is true in every large city of America.
The question which confronts the future
greatness of San Francisco lies in the
character of its young men. Continuing,
he- said:
Robert Balfour, one' of the, warmest
supporters of the association,- and who
has given about $100,000 to the institution
in the past, was called upon for some
remarks. Balfour modestly concealed his
part in the work done by the association,
but paid a warm tribute to the manage
ment. -He reminded his hearers that it
was the duty of every citizenVwho had the
welfare of his fellow-men really at heart
to aid* the association 'in some way. "He
caured laughter* by .the remark that if
the old law.asHo.^the-' payment of-tithea
were to be enforced fthere- might be many"
in the audience who would: have to draw
big checks to pay up their arrearages.
He expressed the hope that all would
contribute toward paying off the debt on
the building, even though in insignificant
amounts, and thus show their apprecia
tlan of the Christian work that is being
done. , - 4* " ¦ •• , ¦ , # .'¦¦ - •
Tribute to the .'Management.
~You should not' withhold- your assistance
from the work being, done by the association.
You should not ; sit far 'back arid allow only
the rich men' of the.-'cKy .to ' ¦, support an in
stitution In which you. are peisjnaRy, so vital
ly Interested. '.All should ¦ cb-cperate In - th.*
great work of keeping the- Young Men's Chris
tian Association out of debt.:' The father who
has reared his own.; son to -proud manhooi
should help to rear .other' men" f' sons to thu
same estate. Give the. association your per
sonal eymoathy. ¦ Visit tha' building; take an
interest in its. affairs and'' make a cood In
vestment In righteousness.'. V
in the world— young men and Christian
ity. He referred. to the Young Men's In
stitute as being ah excellent organization,
which is doing a> noble work/ but it al
ways seemed to" him - that, it was losing
something in not having' 1 " the name of
Christ associated with. it. -In conclusion
he sa!d: ¦•.:.. ¦ . ' .
PROMINENT SPEAKERS AT THE
MASS MEETING- -AT THE FIRST '¦'
CONGREGATIONAL, CHURCH. • ; .
"This policy was by no means a new oc
currence in the traditional relations of
amity which exists between Russia and
the United States, and the events of the
Spanish war proved the sincerity of Rus
sia's purpose to maintain undisturbed the
friendship which, has prevailed for more
than a century, and which above all was
displayed during the war of secession."
"Adhesion to such a note would have
been contrary to- the attitude which Rus
rrta. faithful to the principles of scrupu
lous neutrality, did not cease to observe
during the entire Spanish-American con
flict.
"The. Russian Government did not give
approval to this proposition., because thi.,
second collective note had not as its ob
ject, as had the first, an amicable appeal,
but tended to express. disapprobation of a
policy of the United States.
"The message of the President was
subsequently presented to Congress, and
visibly aggravated the state of things.
It was at this moment that the British j
Embapsador suggested the idea of a new ]
step by the powers. At a meeting held !
at the home of Lord Pauncefote, on April
14, 189$. he proposed to fiis colleagues to
address to their Governments a tele- i
gram which he had prepared in advance, !
ihe text being in English. This telegram, I
translated at the British embassy into
French, was sent in accordance witn the
proposal of the British Embassador to
ihe respective Governments.
T*OT£ CamTEYED A THREAT.
"It stated that, in view of the attitude
<^f Congress; the chances of conserving
the peace had diminished, and that the j
eeneral opinion prevailed in the United
States that war would be approved by
the great powers. The moment had ar- i
rived to dissipate this erroneous notion j
and to direct the attention of the Federal !
Government to the latest Spanish propo- i
eitions. The telegram . also expressed the i
view that armed intervention by the '
United States would not appear justifi- j
able, and that it would be advisable to i
give the greatest publicity to the com- I
munication to absolve the civilized world '
cf moral responsibility.
"The Russian Government did not give
to its Charge d' Affaires in Washington
authorization to join in this collective
note until fully assured of the eminently
pacific and humanitarian character of
'his representation, and only then when
the adhesion of all th- other powers had
been obtained.
"On April 6 the representatives of
Germany, Austro-Hungary, France, Great
Britain, Italy and Russia were received
uy President McKinley, to whom they
presented a collective note, in which a
pressing appeal was made to the senti
ments ct humanity and moderation of
the President and -tho American people
in the hope that an amicable . settlement
of the questions in dispute could- be
reached.
"The pour parlers exchanged by the
American and Spanish Governments on
ine subject of the pacification of the
island of Cuba, having taken am alarm
ing turn toward the end of the month of
March, the great powers decided' to pre
sent to the Government of the United
States a note in favor of the maintenance
cf peace.
PAUNCEFOTE TAKES THE I/EA-B.
CALL BUREAU. HOG G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 3.-Embassa
dor Tower has forwarded to the State
Department a statement made by the
Russian Government regarding its atti
tude in the Spanish-American war which
confirms Germany's charge that Lord
Pauncefote, the British Embassador. at
tempted to induce the powers to express
their disapproval of the policy of the
United States. The statement also shows
that Russia, before and during the war,*
observed a policy of strict neutrality. It
'¦s to' this effect:
.'"The European prese has occupied it
>elf recently with a discussion of the at
:itude of the great powers In connection
with the -Spanish-American war. It will
be. perhaps, interesting to repeat certain
tacts which relate to the diplomatic ne
gotiations of the months of March and
April, 1S9S.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DeclaresHe Led Move'
ment Against This
Country, t
Shortly afterward his food gave out, and
for the last nine days he has been without
food other than some dry flcuir which he
could not bake/ He arrived at San Juan
yesterday, and being mistaken for a
whisky smuggler, his .sloop wa3 seized.
When off the- latitude of Mendocino the
mariner 'sighted a large piece of black
painted wreckage like the side of a sailing
vessel. . .:...• . . .
On the 17th another southeast gale was
encountered, and In this storm the vessel
tC^ thrown so far over on her beam that
the log and much of the provisions of the
sailor were lost. .He was spoken next day
by a British ship which he believed to
be bound for San Francisco. The vessel
bore ' down toward him and the master
hailed him and aeked him if he wanted
assistance. He said that having gone so
far. he would try and save his sloop, and
when some hard tack and matches had
been thrown him he watched the ship
sail- away as the sailors gathered on the
poop gave him three cheers.
The winds carried him through moun
tainous seas with no companion but his
black dog until he was driven below the
latitude of. San Francisco, where he ex
perienced a westerly wind which carried
..him northward. He was spoken on Febru
ary 11 off Cape Mcndocino by. the bark E.
K. Wood, and next day a hurricane raged
in which he was n^arljr lost.' His three-,
ton siocp' was turned on her beam end
and her ballast was shifted, but the vessel
was ultimately righted, and although buf
feted by the -heavy seas the craft weath
ered the storm.
Charles Anderson, a Swede, is-the man
spoken off "Mendocino by the bark E. K.
Wood,' whose master reported that he
learea the mariner wouia be Urowned in.
the gales which tollowed. He left tJitka
on tneiast day of the old year and in
tended to come down the inside passage,
but was blown to sea by an casteny wind,,
and with heavy southeasters raging con
liually he triea in vain' to beat in shore
ward.- '.-;•. .
\ VICTORIA; B.C., March 9.— The steam
er, Queen City- arrived to-night, bringing
news .of the finding of a ghastly relic of
the Condor disaster In the shape of a hu
man hand at Uculet, together with a boat
hook belonging to some ( lost vessel,
brought as a passenger a lone mariner
who left Sitka In a cockleshell sloop of
three tons and was at sea until yesterday,
when, after a terrible voyage, he reached
San Juan, .where the customs officer sseized
his vessel. • . • •
Spedar Dispatch to The Call.
Issues Statement Ac=
cusing Lord Julian
Pauncefote.
LONE SKIPPER
OUTSAILS STORM
RUSSIAN
SLAP AT
ENGLAND
Czar Reopens Ameri
can=Spanish War
Dispute.
Gale Sweeps Him Down the
Coast but He Reaches
Port.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Voyage.
Swedisja Mariner Sur
vives Perilous Ocean
MINISTERS URGE YOUNG
TO PURSUE RIGHTEOUS COURSE
Churches Hold .. 'Mass-fleeting to Arouse Interest in
Coming Christian .--Association \: Jubilee..
THE SAN FRANGISCK) GALL, MONDAY, MARGH 10, 1902.
2
Magic.
The way. Salva-cea .cures '.Piles,
I Spring Medicine
There is no other season wheneood
medicine is so much needed as in the
The blood is impure. • weak and<iiv.- j
poverished — a condition " indicated by]
pimples and other eruptions on the'
..face and body, by deficient vitality. loss '
; of appttite, lack of strength and want of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Make the blood /pure, vigorous and,
rich, create appetite, give .vitality,
strength and animation, and' cure all
eruptions. Have the whole family be-
gin to take them to-day.
;'."• Food's Sarsaparllla promises to*
cure and keens the promise. ' ' - '
JOHN J. FCXTON CO.
Disease
Ferry Drug Co. De-
ports a Case.
HEARING THAT THE FERRY DRXTO
11 Co. of No. 8 Market street, one of the
local agents of tha Fulton Compounds, had
a remarkable cas* to report, we last Friday lrt
terviewed the proprietor. His statement. wh!^k
he will verify to all inquirers, is as followa*-^^
"About two months ago a man came tnto
my store in an extreme condition due to
Bright's Disease. Ha was so swollen with the
dropsy that hia shoes were silt, his hantfr
were puffed and he was so ill that I did not
cee how he could live a week. I advised that
he go to bed and send for a physician, and
suggested the Fulton Compound. Be did as ad-
vised, calling in one of this city's best phy-
sicians. He went into convulsions that same
night, and the Judgment of the physician was
that he could not iurvive twenty-four hour*.
He rallied, but the physician told htm noth-
ing could be done and r declined to take his
money- for further treatment. At this junctura
he was put on the Fulton Renal Compound,
the physician acquiescing. He la now up and
around, the dropay has disappeared, his
strength Is returning and he was la my store
last nfeht (Thursday, Feb. 27), looking normal
In all respects. He was very grateful for the
suggestion that saved his life. It was a most
remarkable recovery, further details of which
will be willingly related."
Medical works agree that Blight's Disease
and Diabetes are Incurable, but 87 per cent are
positively recovering under the Fulton Com-
pounds. (Common forms of kidney complaint
and rheumatism from uric acid offer but short
resistance.'* Price. $1 for the Bright" a Disease
and SI 50 for the Diabetes Compound. ¦ Interior
agents will be made as 1 fast as possible. John
J. Fulton Co., 420 Monteomery street, San
Francisco, sole compounded. Free tests raaiA^k
for .patient*. Descriptive .'.pamphlet* maileo*
Dr. , Pierce's great medical work, the
Common Sense Medical Adviser, is sent
free on receipt of stamps to pay expense
of mailing only. This work" cpntains
more than a thousand large pages of
valuable medical information. Send 31
one-cent stamps' for the cloth -bound
volume, or only 21 stamps for the book
in paper covers. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
FREB TO WOMEN.
Accept no substitute for " Favorite Pre-
scription." The substitute medicine is
only the shadow instead ' of the sub-
stance and is pressed on the customer
because it pays the dealer a little more
profit than is paid by a high -class
standard preparation like w Favorite Pre-
scription."
It is hardly possible to overestimate
the value of this free consultation by
letter with Dr. Pierce. In numerous
cases such as Mrs. Spooner's, when local
medical advice and treatment had failed
to give relief, a letter to Dr. Pierce has
been the means of restoring perfect
health. ' »
Sick and ailing women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is sacredly secret and
the written confidences of women are
guarded by the same strict professional
privacy observed by Dr. Pierce and hia
staff in personal consultations with
women at the Invalids* Hotel and Surg-
ical Institute, Buffalo, N. Y. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE PRIVILEGE OP SICK WOMEX.
No woman should delay the use of
" Favorite Prescription " if she is suffer-
ing from* womanly disease. The longer
womanly disease is neglected the greater
its effect on the general health, and the
slower the cur^. There is no object
in experimenting with other medicines
when the expeYience of thousands of
women proves that "Favorite Prescrip-
tion " is the surest and safest of put-up
medicines for the cure of disease pecu»
liarly womanly.
the doctors did me no
good. Finally I wrote
to Dr. R. V. Pierce for
his advice. He an-
swered in a very kind
letter, instructing me
what to do. I followed
his advice, and to-day
am a well woman,
thanks to Dr. Pierce."
or pay expensive fees in order to be
cured of womanly diseases. Hundreds
of thousands of weak and sick women
have been made well and strong by the
use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription.
It establishes regularity, dries the drains
which weaken women, heals inflamma-
tion and ulceration and cures female j
weakness. It makes weak women strong
and sick* women well. : ., .....
"A few years ago I suffered' severely
with female weakness and had at times
dreadful, pains,',' writes Mrs. V. Brown,
of Creswell, Harford Co., Maryland. "I
went to my doctor, and he gave me
medicine which did me good'for a while,
but I would get. worse again. I had a
sick headache nearly all the time; was
so weak ] around my waist could hardly
bear anything to touch me. My feet
would keep cold and I could hardly do
my work. I would work a while and
then lie down a while ; was completely
run down. Suffered from disagreeable
drain -and also severe pains at times.
After usinc five bottles of Dr. Pierce's*
there's no need to stop work
/anguid of movement, and he realizes
that these were but a few years ago as
bright and happy as their younger fel-
low-workers. It is natural . to ask the
cause of such a physical change, which
is not to be explained by the stress and
strain of (5aily labor, because there are
not a few who, in spite of years of steady
work, retain the girlish attractiveness of
face and figure. Perhaps the most im-
portant cause of this change is to be
found in the prevalence of ailments
peculiarly femine, which drain the vi-
tality and sap the strength. If the truth
were known it would be found that these
worn-out women had been working
under physical conditions, which, if a
man suffered them would be enough to
send him to bed. With throbing head
and aching back'the wage earner plods
on, feeling that she cannot afford either
to rest or pay a physician's fees, and
every day sees her grow more weary and
more weak.
stop for the day, will baye been struck
by the number 6f graceful r|id"handsome
Eoung girls among the throng. Light
earted, smiling, mirthful, it is hard to
realize .that they have just left a day's
fatiguing work, \ But anothen sight at-
tracts the onlooker. He sees groups of
other women, thin of form, dull of eye,
! Any one who has lived in a factory
town and has seen the tide of human life
; which floods the streets when the mills
The Graceful and Handsome
Women who Work at
the Loom.
"FACTORY GIRLS."
Spooner, of Lakeview,
Montcalm Co., Mich.,
Box 288. "I was sick
four months and the
medicine prescribed br
hundred have failed of
a complete cure, and
even in these cases
there has been marked
relief and improve-
ment ; the headache is
less frequent, the back-
ache less severe, and
household duties long
laid aside are under-
taken anew with com*
fort and satisfaction.
"I can truthfully say
that Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription is a
wonderful medicine and
deserves the praise given
it," writes Mrs. Emma
IT ALWAYS HEWS
and almost always cures. This state*
ment is based upon the fact that of
the hundreds of thousands of women
who have used "Favorite Prescription*
ninety-eight per cent, have been per-
fectly and permanently cured. Only
two women in each
Favorite Prescriptioti,tliree of his 'Golderf
Medical Discovery ' and one vial of Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, and follonring
the advice you gave regarding the ' I/>-
tion Tablets,' I can truly say that I am
cnred. The doctor said it was uterine
disease I had."
The sick woman who begins the qsq
of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescriptioa
begins the cure with the first dose she
takes. Women who have suffered for
long years and found no help from doc-
tors or other medicines have found a
perfect and lasting cure in the use of
"Favorite Prescription."
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.DEATH ENDS. SUFFERING
OF THE WOUNDED MOTHER
Woman Who Was Accidentally Shot
by Young Daughter Dies in
Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, March 9.— Mrs. Nettie
Hycks, who was accidentally shot by her
16-year-old daughter Mollie at the family
residence- in the Lowell addition a. week
ago, died last night at the Bakersfield and
Kern Hospital, where 'she had been re
moved for treatment. Sloughing of the
tissues in the* back of the throat where
some of the shot had lodged brought on
a secondary hemorrhage which resulted
in the\ death of the woman, who was
thought- to be on the road to recovery.
The daughter who accidentally fired the
shot is prostrated over the fatal termina
tion.
ESTATE OF HTJGH TEVIS
WORTH OVER A MTLLIOIT
the County Clerk's Offics
at Salinas.
Inventory and Appraisement Filed in
SALJISTAS. March 9.— The inventory and
appraisement of the estate of the late
Hugh Tevis, who died in Japan a few
months ago, wag filed yesterday with
County Clerk Kalar. • Following is the
valuation:
Real, property, . $26,067 92; cash, $584,
293 48; promissory notes, $24,760 93; stocks.
$52,050 50; bonds, $504,190; life Insurance
policies, .$12,000; total valuation, $1,203,
362 38.
Cholera Breaks Out in Mecca.
! CONSTANTINOPLE. March 9.— Cholera
has breken out at Mecca.
silver dollars or any multiple thereof and a
demand for their redemption, shall exchange
gold coin for the same. - -
No bank note of denomination less than $if)
will be issued and the Secretary of the Treas
ury shall not issue a silver certificate of a
denomination greater than ft, and thereafter,
upon the presentation to him of one hundred
By and with the consent of the' board of con
trol banks may have more than one place for
doing business, being authorized to establish
themselves in the various cities of the country.
The United States will be divided Into clear
ing house districts to facilitate the current re
demption of the bank notss, so that the amount
of notes outstanding at any time always will
be co-ordinated with the amount of trading to
be done, precisely as checks and draft3 reflect
the amount of commercial work being carried
on.
This 5 per cent guarantee fund and the tax
upon the bank notes will be used to protect tha
bank notes and the excess of such taxes, with
the Interest on Government deposits, will be
used to pay oft the United States notes which
the banks assume to currently redeem.' It la
asserted that the whole $130,000,000 of United
States notes which the banks have assumed to
currently redeem will be paid off in thirty years
out of the taxes collected upon circulation and
interest paid by the banks upon Government
deposits. .
As the notes are taken out for circulation th«
banks will deposit with the Government a guar
antee fund of 5 per cent of the amount of the
notes so issued. The national banks hereafter
will be required to pay interest upon the Gov
ernment deposits at the rate of 1 per cent per
annum.
The purposes of the bill are: To transfer
from the Government to the banks tne respon
sibility of protecting the necessary gold re
serve and tne burtUn of futiusii.iik; *oi<1 tor
exportation, thereby savins our ciimiiie.es from
the destructive apprehensions growing out oi
raids upon the, gold In the Treasury; to pro
vide a currency always repsonsive and equal
to the demands of trade everywhere ana to
equalize and lower the average rate oC Inter
eat in all parts of, the United estates; to secura
for American enterprise and Amertcan capi
tal the privileges and option of engaging in
international banking unuer nauonai law and
so lay a foundation upon which to build an
American merchant marine; to remove the last
vestige of the doubt with regard to our stand
ard of value.
The measure provides for international bank
ing and a division of banking and currency is
established under a board ot" control, instead
of a single individual in the person or the
Comptroller of the Currency, as heretofore.
If the measure now introduced should be
come a law it Is confidently b^icved that the
national banks will assume tne current re
demption in gold coin of $i:J0, 000,000 of United
States notes. In consideration of the obligation
assumed by the national banks they will have
the right, during the succeeding five years, to
issue gradually as business may require an
amount of bank notes equal to CO per cent of
their paid up and unimpaired capital; pro
vision being made also for an emergency cir
culation.
WASHINGTON, March 9.-Chairman
Fowler of the House Committee on Bank-
Ing and Currency to-morrow will intro
duce an important financial measure
framed by the Republican members of the
committee after conferences extending
through the last two months. It brings
togetner into one financial measure a
number or questions wnicnr^have been
urged heretofore. Jj'owier explains two
purpose ot tne bill as follows: '
Throws Upon Banks the Bur
den of Protecting Gold
Reserve.
' Kerch Kuykendall ¦was one of the ore
thieves captured in the Independence mine
after a battle with revolvers 700 feet under
ground. Engley and Attorney Hodgson
are under arrest, charged with procuring
witnesses to swear falsely in Kuykendall's
behalf.- Engley was Attorney General of
Colorado under' "Bloody Bridles Walte.
A few hours after the funeral Engley
met John^. Fraser, superintendent of the
Western branch of the Pinkerton agency,
in the bar of a saloon. Engley thew open
his coat, drew a six-shooter and was
about to. level it at Fraser when a by
stander wrenched It from his hand. Fra
ser. walked out of the saloon while Eng
ley poured a torrent of abuse upon him.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., March 9.— A
sensational, scene occurred yesterday at
the funeral of S. E. Kuykendall, who died
last Wednesday on bearing that hla son.
Kerch Kuykendall, had been convicted of
attempt to kill Lee Glockner. Former At
torney General Eugene Engley. resting
one hand on Kuykendall's coffin, raised
his right hand and swore that he would
drive every Pinkerton man from camp or
die. trying, "v
"They have murdered the man who lies
here," he cried. "God have mercy on me
to help me keep this oath." i
Kerch Kuykendall was released by the
Deputy Sheriff who sat beside him. long
enough to take . the same oath of ven
geance on the detectives.
Brecla.1 Dispatch to The Call.
New Bill Will Be Intro
duced in the House
To-Day.
Holds Detectives Responsible
for Death of a Crimi
nal's Father.
Former Attorney Gen
eral of Colorado Vows
Vengeance.
FINANCIAL
MEASURE IS
COMPLETED
DECLARES WAR
ON PINKERTONS
¦WASHINGTON, March 9.— The atten
tion of Secretary Wilson of the Agricul
tural Department was called to-day to re
port* that he contemplated soon resign
ing from the Cabinet. The Secretary
treated the subject lightly, declaring that
It «a« news to him and adding In reply
to a specific Inquiry, that he had no In
tention of taking the step suggested.
Wilson Not to Resign.
Woodmen Prepare a Big Festival.
SAN JOSE, March 9.— The Woodmen of
Santa Clara County and all over the State
are looking forward with great interest
to the big gathering which is to be held
at Turn Verein Hall in this city on the
evening of March 22. ¦ It will be the big
gest "log-roliing" ever held in the county,
and prominent officials of the order in the
State will be present. A class of 300 can
didates will be initiated. The dozen camps
In this county have been conducting a vig
orous campaign for the past two months
for new members. ,Camp Alamo of this
city Is to furnish 200 of the number, and
the outside camps will bring In the other
100
Booksellers who supply English schools
; report that there has been in re'Cent years
'a very great increase in the demand for
German school books. ....
Harriman Party Grows Cautious.
EAGLE PASS. Texas, March • 9.— Tlw
Harriman special pulled out of .Ciudad
Porflrio Diaz after a atop of a half-hour
and' tied up at Monclova to-night.- Day
light runs only will be made. General
Manager Johnson of the Mexican Inter
national joined the party here and will
accompany it over his road .
If this - claim could be made good, it
would be decisive in the coming confer
ence. - But Payne and his associates,
.while giving no .figures, do not concede
the strength claimed by the opposition.
When seen to-night, Payne declined to
say what the committee plans were or to
make any claims, but said he 'was en
tirely satisfied with- the situation. One
of the leaders of the opposition element
said that the main effort on Tuesday
night would be to defer all action, at
least to, the next session of Congress.
WASHINGTON, I March ;\ 9.-Sunday
brought something of a lull in the agita
tion, over Cuban reciprocity," although the
elements for and against concessions con
tinued to prosecute their plans in antici
pation of the struggle on Tuesday night,
when the fourth conference, of House Re
publicans will be held. During the 'day
there were no formal meetings, but lead
ers on each side held many informal* con
ferences. : / .
-The tactical plans of the Ways and
Means Committee are largely committed
to Representative Long of Kansas, who
was busy prosecuting his canvass. Long
was in consultation during the day with
Speaker Henderson, who is taking an ac
tive interest in having the Ways and
Means Committee supported, on the
ground that the opposition is > one . which
to some extent affects the regular organi
zation of. the House. The various consul
tations, however, did not lead to any new
developments in the situation. Those
who oppose the Ways and Means Com
mittee continued to assert that they had
a. list showing 108 Republican members,
with : some twenty-five others doubtful.
"1 met Senator Hanna.' there three
weeks ago," said he. "I don't think I
over saw him looking better in his life.
He is rosy-cheeked -and looks as fresh
and fit for campaign work as most of the
younger men in the ranks. ' And • he is
hard at work as ever, though the great
sorrow that has come into his life by the
death of President -McKinley will never
go out of it. •¦ .. " .' ¦ . • \
. "Roosevelt Is pleasing the people beyond
a doubt. His honesty and sincerity are
winning much for him. Will he have op
position in his party for renomination?
.Well, that's more than I care to answer,
except to tell you that anything Is likely
to happen in politics. This will be a
strenuous year in Republican campaigns
Gubernatorial and municipal, all over the
country. . .
"The Democrats In Congress are doing
their hardest work. and what they accom
plish there this session may be counted
upon as evidence >of every particle of de
veloped strength in their ranks. On that
will depend their chances In the next
campaign."
He is here principally on account of the
building of the new Salt Lake railroad.
though he is willing: to discuss almost
anything but the plan6 of this road ¦ and
the possibilities of Senator Hanna receiv
ing the nomination for the Presidency in
1904. He says that what resulted from
his being interviewed on the question in
London will be- about- all from him for
some time.
LOS ANGELES, March 9.— Perry S.
Heath, former First Assistant Postmas
ter-General and present secretary of the
National Republican Committee, pro
prietor of the Salt Lake Tribune, oil and
railroad magnate "and one of the best
known Republicans In the United States, 1
is at the Angelus.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The body found to-day was that of a
man about 45 years of age and it had
lain in the water for perhaps thirty days.
Every pocket In the clothing worn by the
corpse had been rifled and the skull and
jaw had been crushed . in by a blow.
There was not a paper on the body by
which it might be Identified. The wounds
in the head made it certain that the man
had met death at the hands of a gang of
murderers and robbers, since his death
had been brought about exactly as in the
case of the four victims previously taken
from the river. The skull of each had
been crushed and valuables which two of
them were known to have had were miss
ing. The pockets bore evidences of hav
ing been rifled in each case. '.'/;/
ST. LOUIS, March 9.— A special to the
Republic from Beaumont. Texas, says the
body of a fifth victim o^a gang of mur
derers and robbers was taken from the
Neches River in the eastern suburbs of
Beaumont to-day. The first of the bodies
was recovered in the early part of Janu
ary.
At the finding of the fifth body every
officer In the town was set to work on the
mystery and this afternoon eighteen
hoboes who have been living In the river
bottom near the city were arrested and
locked up on the suspicion that they are
at the bottom of the series of robberies
and murders.
Texas Police* Recover
Another Body From
Neches River.
Fight on Cuban Reci
procity Promises to
Be Close.
Republican Committee
Secretary in Los
Angeles. >
BOTH FACTIONS
CLAIM VICTORY
HEATH TALKS
OF POSSIBILITIES
FIFTH VICTIM
OF MURDERERS
"It is an elementary rule of criminal
law pleading that two or more separate
offenses cannot be joined in a single
count. The indictment is also defective,
for the reason that the letters are not
properly pleaded. There is no direct al-
' Attorneys who practice in the Federal
courts are commenting on the rebuke ad
ministered from the bench by Judge de
Haven, when last week he quashed the
indictment against Mains. In- granting
the motion of the defendant that the in
dictment be dismissed Judge de Haven
said:
the mails for fraudulent pur
poses, is likely to cause an investi
gation by the Attorney General, as
to the method in which the office force is
conducting itself, if such an investigation
has not already commenced.
rHE faulty manner in which
indictments were recently
drawn by the Assistant
United States District Attor
neys in the case of Charles
R. Mains, charged with using
McKinlay is recognized as one of the
best of political orators and his voice
has often been heard in public gatherings.
Even his friends say that he spends more
of Uncle Sam's time in preparing cam
paign speeches than he does in preparing
Banning is said to be quite an authority
on race horses and considerable surprise
has been expressed that he was often
seen at the race ¦ track during official
hours. •.
BANNING IS A SPORT.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney E. J. Banning was in charge of the
case for the Government, and it Is freely
stated in legal circles that he may possi
bly be "removed from office If the Attor
ney General becomes too inquisitive. The
conduct of Duncan E. McKinlay,, who is
an assistant in the United States Dis
trict Attorney's office, Is also likely to ba
the subject of investigation. Banning
and McKinlay are both young men, but
it is a subject of ordinary gossip in the
Federal building- that they do not devote
as much time to their' duties as Is ex
pected of them by the Government.
legation as to the substance of their con
tents." .
E. J. Banning Said to fie 'Ardent Patron of
Sport to Neglect of His Duty.
After dining with the Vanderbilts the
Prince attended an informal reception at
the New York Yacht Club. When the
Prince and his suite entered Commodore
Lewis Cass Ledyard conducted the vis
itors to the "model room" of the club,
where the Prince examined the models of
the different cup defenders, the trophies
of the club and the America's cup. To
the latter Prince Henry devoted some
time, admiring it greatly. Later he was
shown through the clubhouse and a light
lunch wa« served. The Prince returned
to the Waldorf-Astoria at 11:50 p. m., ac
companied by Admiral Evans and Count
fachmidt von Schwlnd. He immediately
retired to his apartments.
At the concert given by the Armstrong
Association to Prince Henry Booker T.
Washington, the colored leader, was pre
sented to Prince Henry. 'The two chatted
for two minutes, during which time the
Prince asked many questions as to the
negroes. He asked Mr. Washington for
a book of nej?ro melodies and the latter
promised to procure one for him.
Talks With Booker "Washington.
During dinner an orchestra played a
selected programme.
Prince Henry will visit Philadelphia to
morrow. Accompanied by his party, he
will leave for that city on a train over
the Pennsylvania at 8 o'clock. He is to
be officially received by the city, shown
through the Cramps' shipyard and given
a luncheon in the Union League Club. He
will return to New York at 6:30 o'clock,
and In the evening will give a farewell
dinner to those who accompanied him on
his American tour.
Mr. and Mrs. Ogden Mills. Mr. and Mrs.
Lloyd Brice, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Case Led
yard. Mr. ani Mrs. Edmund Baylies. Mr and
Mrs. Orme Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. Morten
Frewen, Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Mackay, Mr.
and Mrs. Edward C. Post, Hr. and ' Mrs.
Drexel. Countess Gray, Mrs. Nathaniel Thayer,
Mrs. Cass Canfield Mrs. Francis K. Pendle
ton. Mrs. Richard Cambrill, Mrs. Lewjs Chan
ler, Mrs. Dana Gibson. Mrs. Oakley Rhine
lander, Miss Beatrice Mills, Miss Alice Bab
cock. Miss Jay. Miss Burton, Mlas Anna Sands,
Miss Barney, Miss Bishop, Admiral von Tir
pltz. General von Plessen, Admiral von Elseh
dechter, Vic© Admiral von Seckendorff, Cap
tain von Muller, Captain von Gramme, Count
Quadt, Commander von Rebeur Paschwltz,
Lieutenant Commander Schmidt von Scbwlnd,
Baron von Kapherr, David J. Hill, John Jacob
Astor, Ed^erton Winthrop. Stuyvesant Fish,
August Belmcnt, Robert Gerry and F. L. Polk.
The dinner given by Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nelius Vanderbilt in honor of Prince
Henry began at 7 o'clock. The Vanderbilt
home on Fifth avenue was handsomely
decorated and brightly lighted. Mrs. Van
derbilt received the Prince and his stalf
and then presented ner guests. Oval
shaped dining tables were placed in the
dining-room and conservatory, and there
the dinner was served. Mrs. Vanderbilt
had Prince Henry at her right and Em
bassador von Holleben at her left, and
Mr. Vanderbilt had Admiral Evans at his
right and General Corbin at his left.
Others at the table were:
At the Vanderbilt Dinner.
Sam Kelly, a strike leader, boarded a
car to-day and abused a conductor. A
tight with the guard followed and Kelly
was clubbed on the head with a rifle
butt. He was badly cut and when car
ried to the police station was covered
with blood. Later he was bailed for ap
pearance In court to<norrow. The gen
eral opinion regarding the arbitration
committee's decision is that it is entirely
in favor of the company. It is said the
company is satisfied. The strikers here
are waiting Richmond developments, and
if there is a strike there the strike here
will surely continue. The city is quiet
to-night and the striking electrical
workers have nearly all returned to
work.
great crowd saw the departure from the
hotel and the arrival at the club, but there
were no special demonstration?. An elab
orate luncheon was served and there was
an interesting discussion of the Prince's
trip through the country.
NORFOLK, Va., March 9.— From pres
ent indications the strike' is by no means
over. It is very probable that the strik
ers will not accept the terms of settle
ment named by the arbitration committee
of the Chamoer of Commerce last night.
Neither company nor strikers have de
cided to accept the decision. The main
objection of tne strikers is that they are
required to work with non-union men;
only £5 per cent will be employed and
tnat they must sign the surety bond. The
cars ran to-day under military guard
and to-night the guard was doubled. The
riot last night was the fiercest since the
strike started and several soldiers and
citizens were injured.
posed Terms of Settlement.
Railroad Men Will Not Accept Pro-
STREET CABS ABE GUARDED.
willing to devote their time daily from
9 a. m. to 4 p.- m. in return for their sal
aries.
E. J. Banning has served as assistant
United States District Attorney since
November, 1898, when he was appointed
by Judge Foote, who was then head of
the office. Marphall B. Woodworth was
appointed an assistant at the same time,
and his careful' attention to duty was
finally recognized, when he was made the
successor of Frank D. Coombs as District
Attorney. In February of last year Ban
ning was reappointed to his present post,
but it is problematical if he will bo al
lowed to serve out his term.
Duncan McKinlay hails from Santa
Rosa and was a painter for many years
before he essayed the study of. Black
stone and Kent. He has stumped the
State many times for political candidates,
and In 1896 he was placed on the electoral
ticket - by the Republican State Central
Committee to fill the vacancy caused by
the resignation of Colonel Crocker. Mc-
Kinlay is 46 years of age and is a force
ful speaker, and it is generally admitted
that if he devoted as much time to hid
duties as. an assistant District Attorney
as he does preparing speeches there
would be a bright prospect of his legal
ability being substantially recognized.
.There is a. well defined feeling in the
Federal building and in legal circles that
unless Banning and , McKinlay pay more
attention /to their duties there will be a
shake-up in the office of the United
States/ District Attorney, and Marshall
B. Woodworth will be given assistants
SHAKE-UP MAY COME.
Woodworth cannot be held responsible
for 'the faulty indictment ". drawn . in the
Mains 'prosecution. ; He is' not. expected
to revise the- work -of; his assistants. If
he had time to do thi3 the presence o£ the
assistants!: and the payment' of their sal
aries could be -dispensed with . and the
District -Attorney could do '*. their' work
himself. . , ' - ¦¦¦¦¦ - ! •¦ • (
United • States District Attorney Mar
shall B. ."Woodworth is one of the hardest
workers ¦ in the Federal building, and in
giving, hirn .assistants- the Government
naturally supposed that they could bo
relied upon to attend to their duties in a
capable manner. ' ' .
In the last j few^ weeks emphatic pro
tests have been registered by attorneys
as to ."¦ the'' business methods of
Banning and McKinlay, a frequent com
plaint, being that they are not to be
found in their offices .when they should
be there. . , .
brief a for the ; Government.
D. E. McKinlay Keeps
Busy on Stump
Speeches.
ASSISTANT UNITED STATE3 DIS
TRICT ATTORNEYS WHOSE CON
DUCT MAY BE INVESTIGATED.,:
The leaders of the strike assert that
the men will not sail to-morrow and that
the ships will be powerless. In the mean
time the owners are arranging to secure
other supplies of men and crews for the
hhips should this be necessary.
The sealers held * a big meeting last
night to discuss the matter but no de
cision was reached. The men suffer from
•ack of organization.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.', March 9.-In the
matter of the strike of the crews of tfie
sealing fleet, numbering about 3000 men,
who yesterday demanded $4 per hundred
weight for the catch Instead of $3 20. the
irevious scale, the sealing merchants
:ast nijht determined not to accede to
any of the terms submitted by the men.
The merchants intimated iftat the price
for seals would be at least $3 20 per hun
dredweight, the same as last year, but
declined to indicate whether an advance
was likely. The authorities say that the
condition of the foreign markets renders
an advance improbable. •
Regarding the other claims presented
by the men for better accommodations
and other minor concessions, it is under
stood that the merchants are willing to
make reforms next year but declined to
alier existing conditions under threat' of
strike. The matter is now at a deadlock
and both sides are working hard to score
a victory. The owners and captains
claim that the strike has virtually col
lapsed and that all the men are ready
to sail to-morrow, being satisfied that cer
tain modifications will follow.
Striking Sealers and Employers Un
able to Settle Their Trouble.
BOTH SIDES STAND FIBM.""
The luncheon at the University Club was
given by the committee named by Presi
dent Roosevelt to arrange for the visit
of the Prince and escort him on his tour,
and the hosts were General Corbin
Assistant Secretary of State Hill, Admiral
Evans, Colonel Blngrham and Commander
Cowles. The party left the hotel at 12:45
o'clock with mounted police as a special
guard for the carriage of the Prince. A
The Arton Society presented to the
Prince an illuminated address, and an
nounced that during the day a cable mes
sage suitable to the occasion would be
drafted and sent to the Kaiser.
Message to the Kaiser.
"I never heard sweeter or softer music
from a male choir. I have heard other
music in this country which has given
me great pleasure, and It has brought me
to the conclusion that music is born in the
human heart without regard to race or
color. You should cultivate music not
only as a boon to yourselves, but for the
benefit of others."
The concert took place in the Astoria
gallery and began at 11:30 o'clock. The
Prince sat in the center of the hall, sur
rounded by the members of his suite, the
American escort, Embassador von Holle
ben. Consul General Buenz and Consul
Geissler. The choir sang the "Preis Lied,"
and after that, by request, an extended
programme, wnich Included "Old Ken
tucky Home" and "Dixie." The conclud
ing number was "The Lord's Own Day,"'
and it was rendered very effectively. The
Prince was delighted with the serenade.
and after shaking hands with the officers
*t the society addressed the members
triefiy in German. He thanked them for
what they had done for him and congrat
ulated them on their excellent musical
ability. He said In part:
It was the Ariou Society of Brooklyn,
winner of the Kaisers prize at the sing
ing festival in Brooklyn in 1900, which sup
plied the morning concert at the hotel, it
iiad been originally arranged that the
singers should serenade the Prince aboard
the Hohenzollern yesterday, but in the
change of plans the serenade was aban
doned. The Prince met Dr. W. J. Scildee,
chairman of the music committee of the
society, at dinner last night and ex
pressed regret that he was not to have
a. chance to hear the club play. The doc
tor said it might etill take place in the
hotel, and the Prince approved the idea.
It was midnight, but a few. hours to ar
range the affair remaining. Telegrams
and telephone messages were hurried out
to the members, and by 11 o'clock 150 of
them had reported at the hotel.
Sweet Singing: Pleases Prince.
When the Prince bade farewell to the
company at tha Vanderbilt home he went
to the New York Yacht Club for an in
formal reception, and the hour was late
when he returned to the Waiaorf- Astoria
for the night. He tound time between me
lour main events on his programme tor
the day to receive a delegation represent
ing tiie Commercial Club of at. i-aui and
several callers, and to finally complete
the arrangements ior the iasi two aays'
stay in this country and his departure lor
home. He had Intended to be present at
the religious cervices on the Imperial
yacht Hohenzollerii in the morning, but
the case of scarlet fever which developed
a. few days ago changed that plan. In
stead he remained at the hotel, arising
late and breakfasting at his leisure.
2CEW YORK. March 9.— Prince Henry
was the central figure to-day in another
round of entertainment arranged In his
honor. He first listened to a concert In
the Waldorf-Astoria, largely made up of
his favorite American songs, the concert
having been arranged at his request.
When that was over he drove to the Uni
versity Club to a luncheon, which was not
concluded until the middle of the after
noon. In the evening he was a guests at
a. dinner of Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Van
derbilt and met a large party made up
of yorsoris of social prominence.
Delights Him With Popular
German and American
Airs.
Superintendent Russell when inter
viewed to-night said the length of the
tie-up was indeiinite and that not a train
was moving with the exception of the
mails. ,
Trouble has been brewing for some
time, but not until to-day was any de
cisive action taken by the trainmen. A
committee from the Brotherhood waited
upon Superintendent Russell and de
manded that the discharged crew be re
instated, and upon his refusal a strike
was declared, which went into effect at i
o'clock this afternoon.
The trouble orsinated over a train crew
being- discharged some ten days ago be
cause ihey refused to run around an
other crew.
BUTTE, Mont., March 9.— A special to
the Miner from Missoula Bays the Rocky
Mountain freight division of the North
ern Pacific from Helena and Butte to
Hope, Idaho, is tied up by a strike de
clared by the Brotherhood of Railway
Trainmen and the Switchmen's Union at
a meeting held here last night.
Brooklyn Singing So
ciety Serenades the
Visitor.
Refusal to Reinstate Dis
charged Men Causes
the Trouble.
Rocky Mountain Division
of Northern Pacific
Is Tied Up.
ARIONS WIN
PLAUDITS OF
THE PICE
FREIGHT TRAIN
CREWS STRIKE
i : ¦-¦¦¦¦-....¦•.'•¦ \
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1902.
INVESTIGATION MAY CAUSE
SHAKE-UP OF ASSISTANTS OF
FEDERAL DISTRICT ATTORNEY
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
" PILLS *&
Tar Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in tbe Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling: after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills
Plusbings of Heat, Ooss of Appetite, Short-
ness of Breath, Costivencss, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frig[htful Dreams,
and all Nervous aad Trembling: Sensations,
*£ , THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN
TWENTY MWJ1TES- This is no fiction.
Every sufferer rs earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and they will be ack-
nowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL.
BEECH ATI'S FILLS taken as direc-
ted, will quickly restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruc-
tion or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver.
they act like maglc-^ few doses will work-
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring the lone-
lost Complexion, bringing back tbe keen
edge of appetite, and arousing -with the
Rosebud of Health, the whole phv-
•lcaJ energy of the human frame Thesa
are "facts" admitted by thousands, in all
classes of society, and one of the best guar-
antees .to the Nervous and Debilitated ia
that BfcECHAM'S PILLS havetho
Largest Sale of any Patent
Medici nes in the World.
Beecham's Pills hare been before
the public for half a century, and
are the most popular family medicine.
>"o testimonials Are published, as
Beecham's Pills
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Prepared only by Thomas Beecham,St.
Helen*, EnSt and 365 Canal HU. >«ir
York.
Sold ererrirhere in boxes, lOc. and 25c
1B«^ FAVORBTE
fl FOR WE4K WOMEN .
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
I ti A GRKAT KESTOKATIVE. IXVIGORA-
• tor «nd Xervine.
The xtost wonderful aphro<JI«iac and Rpeclal
fonic lor the Sexual Or^an*. for both nrxrs.
The Mexican R..-medy for Diseases of tbe Kid-
ley* and Bladder. M) r on Its own merit*.
NAEER. ALFS & imUNE. Arents.
' £23 Market «t.. S. F.— <sgnd lor Circulars.)
Fhls tfgna&are ia en every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
& » remed/ that core* a eoM la ooexicj.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
I Is Responsible for Many Dangerous Diseases— A I
I Vigorous Stomach Is the Great I
I Natural Safeguard. - I
Q Few peoplo seem to be aware of tbe Can- A strong digestion, means good rich blood; H
p gors of weak, defective and disordered dlgts- good blood meanslMtroni, well-nourished In
i tlon. Health reports do not giro It as a body, capable of resiitlns disease. H
Eg caus* of death because some other disease Dyspepsia or indigestion is a eoamcn tq
g sets in to work destructive changes, only complaint. Then Ij hardly a disease that is n
9 made possible by the imperfect digestion, not attended with or complicated by impaired pj
I andthe death is credited to them. / digestion. Dr. Abernathy. a noted EnnlUh H
H Typhoid fever is credited with many physician, once' said: "ZSlne-tenths of all Ij
I deaths, yet were digestion always perfect diseases come from the stomach." There 1 1
I there would be no typhoid fever. Doctors are many cases of in health of which lm- I]
11 call typhoid "enteric," meaning bowel feTer. perfect digestion Is the unsuspected caose. I j
H It Is due to a germ that In food or drink Is Often the prominent symptoms of dyspepsia, SJ
m swallowed. It reaches the bowel only by as gastric goneness, f eellaac of weight la the If
| way of the stomach.. It cannot live In the stomach, digestive discord or gastro-Intes- m
1 secretions ot a vigorous stomach. Normal tlnal turmoil, bloating or dlstentlon of the h
| gastric juice would destroy and digestif. If itomach, belchlnx of wlad, sour or watery £|
II the stomach Is weak and Inactive disease risings, Tomlttog after food, etc., are lacking; f
| germs may succeed in passing on Into the but there are other symptoms not usuaXy If
3 bowel, in the secretions of which they thrive attributed to dyspepsia. There may be *
H and we suffer from the diseases that they headaches, sleeplessness, generally "played- 1]
|| engender. Thus a good digestion is a great out" feelings, nervousness and depression, |1
Q - safeguard against disease by destroying dan- oppression about ths heart, loss of flesh, a I]
H gerous germs that in food and water ester run-do^n condition hard to account for; and t
H the body through tbe stomach. , many vague. 111-deflned or obseure symptom t j
Eg Consumption Is credited with nearly oae- that are really due to defective digestion f-f
n sixth of the deaths of adult persons. .No ' There aro many remedies on tbe markal nj
Kj account is made In the mortality reports of for Impaired or perverted digestion but none m
Eg the fact that the "chronic starvation" due to are so economical, so safe, so effective, so ' fa
H dyspepsia had so weakened tbe half-fed popular- as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. I
9 tissues and reduced their vital force and Whether the dyspepsia is of long standing fa '
g power of resistance as to predispose to the or is merely a case of temporary indigestion. Pi
H ravages of consumption. • they give prompt and pronounced relief. {
1] - Fevers due to toxines or ptomaines de- Their continued use will euro all forms of K
Eg veloped in the body from putrefactive digestive inefficiency. £
H changes In rotting, half-digested food are By promoting perfect digestion Stuart's u
gj credited with many deaths. No thought Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves, S
H seems to be given to tbe fact that dyspepsia refreshing sleep, puro blood, sound and I
SJ was the real cause. People do not seem to healthy flesh; make the skin clear, the eyes K
m realize that imperfectly digested food putrl- bright, the mind cheerful. They give vigor I
a lies, decomposes, ferments and develops and vitality to tissues and functions that 1
H peculiar poisons that are absorbed Into the enable them to resist an manner of disease, f
Kg blood causing dangerous fevers, polsor.tng Germs aad microbes swallowed In food and [
n tissues and overtaxing those organs that drink are destroyed by the gastric Juice aod m
m have to eliminate It. thus many diseases are prevented. No por- f ¦
tj Many other facts can be cited alooz this ttsns of food escape digestion to rot In the I
rj line, but enough has been said to convince bowel below and generate toxines and L
fa thoughtful peoplo that tbe discomfort or ptomaines that win poison the blood aod t
M actual distress occasioned by dyspepsia is of tissues and menace life. \ ¦ ,
a little consequence compared with the actual Stuarts's Dyspepsia Tablets are easily and j
In dangers to which it exposes one. cheaply obtained. They are for sale at all
¦ Every organ aod tissue of the body drug stores at Jto cents a box.
H depends on the stomach for nourishment Send to F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall, MldL, j
H and renewal that will prepare It to perform for their book on stomach diseases. It to j
B satisfactorily IU function and resist disease, free; a postal card will bring it. J
<Just how the controversy will be Settled no one
knows. It seems to bo a.very abstruse point, one of
those things involving eternal principles which never
can be settled until they are settled ; right. . If there
were any way of bringing it into court the Justices
could of course promptly find constitutional grounds
The racket this time is between the Embassadors
and the Justices of the Supreme Court. The officials
of the Capitol in assigning places for the various dig
nitaries who were to attend the memorial ceremonies
gave the members of the Supreme Court seats in
front of the Embassadors, and now the Embassadors
and their wives are offended at the wrong done to
their high station and the august personages they
represent. It has even been announced that they .will
as a body insist that something be done to fix the or
der of precedence so that. they shall not be humili
ated hereafter.
By some strange perverse way of fate the irritations
of Embassadors and the discontents of Americaiv
dignitaries over their' relative rank break out more
violently on funereal occasions than at any other
time. The first controversy among them that was
big enough and loud enough to attract public atten
tion broke out at the time of- the dedication of the
tomb of General Grant. Around the last resting
place of the illustrious dead there was a scramble, for
precedence among the living. When a few days "ago
all official Washington assembled in the halls of Con
gress to hear Secretary Hay pronounce his eulogium
upon McKinley the old irritatiort reappeared. This
time the matter is said to have reached a climax, and
it is announced, that something has to be done to
settle once for all the degree of precedence that is to
be conceded to representatives of royalty whenever
we have state occasions of republican pomp at the
national capital.
EVER since the United States was honored by
foreign nations by the substitution of Embas
sadors for Ministers at Washington there has
been more or less disturbance at ..the, capital
concerning the grave and serious consequences of
the change. Ministers represented nothing but Gov
ernments and states, but Embassadors represent sov
eignty, royalty itself, and from that fact flow forth
endless troubles.
POMP AND PRECEDENCE.
The recent report that the Rothschilds have bought
the London Times can hardly be true. They have
no need of a paper, and if any- noted newspaper
should pass into their hands it would soon lose its
influence as surely as the old New York World lost
when it passed into the hands of Jay Gould.
The Pacific Coast was not exempt from the busi
ness restrictions imposed by the weather. It is sel
dom that * stormy weather prevails over the whole
country, and, in fact, the condition is not witnessed
once in a decade, but such was the case last week.
A great quantity of farm produce which should have
found its way to San Francisco is still in the coun
try awaiting shipment. The submergence of the Sac
ramento River lowlands has upset the market for
beans, potatoes and other vegetables, and swollen
streams and breaking bars, up north have seriously
hindered the shipment of dairy products to this mar
ket The outward movement of goods from this city
has also been 'materially diminished. In fact, the
whole list of market quotations might be specified
as "upset by the weather." The interruption to trade,
however, causes no complaint, and is indeed regarded
with a complacent eye by farmer and merchant, who
are rather disposed tc take the jocular view of the
ranch hand, who, kept from his work by the storm,
looks out of the window through the curling smoke
of his pipe and remarks cheerfully: "More rain,'
more grass, master." The country is drenched and
what is not water is mud, but when the harvest comes
later on the State will see a sight that will fill it v/ith
satisfaction. A wet winter makes a full purse, and
it is the condition of the purse, not that of the sky,
that affects the prosperity of the State. Judging
from the current weather California will need a
bigger purse this year, for the one she: is carrying
row, capacious as it is, will probably be too small.
The wild and woolly West, with its pistol-wield
ing, wild-tearing inhabitants of both "j sexes and
memory sacred to romance, is about to lose some of
its laurels. The Legislature of Virginia is, about to
consider the propriety of permitting women to carry
the persuasive revolver. Hf§B
Still, in spite of these serious drawbacks, the coun
try did a good business. Eastern markets reported a
quickening demand for textiles, cotton and cotton
goods in particular, the strength shown by this class
of goods being the feature of the week. The West
and Northwest, as usual, sent in the best reports,
specifically in regard to clothing of all sorts, from
millinery and dry goods down to the coarser de
scriptions for farm and camp wear. Dairy products,
lumber, coal, iron and wooden building materials all
sent in reports of active markets, and all current
feigns favor the indication that, taken as a whole, the
general business' of the country is better than at this
time last year. The spring demand has been first
rate all along, and with better weather largely in
creased activity is confidently expected. The weather
is but an incident after all, and even if it docs cut
down trade, it is only for the moment, and in no
wise retards the commercial progress of the' coun
try, the expansion or contraction of which is due to
much deeper causes than the condition of the
weather.
THE week just closed, like its two or three pre
decessors, was characterized by storms ex
tending over the major part of the United
States and interfering with business in all sorts of
ways. They hampered railroad transportation, and
thereby cut down the railroad earnings, checked the
movement of produce from the farms to the distrib
uting points, prevented wholesalers and jobbers
from replenishing their stocks, and in the iron re
gions dosed down many plants and injured a good
deal of costly machinery. Under these circum
stances it is no wonder that the country's bank
clearings should show a decrease of 7.9 per cent for
the week, as compared with the corresponding week
in 1901. The telegraphic facilities were particularly
demoralized by the elements, and throughout the
whole week the service between Chicago, New York
and the intervening markets was feeble, slow and ir
regular, and messages were only taken subject to
dela}\ Those portions of the country not visited by
lhe?e severe rain or snow storms complained of dry
weather, and Kansas reported high winds with a
great dust storm, while Texas and Oklahoma re
ported that unless rain came quickly the winter wheat
crop would be a small proposition during the com
irg season.
THE WEATHER AND BUSINESS.
Our letter carriers deserve well of the Government
and of the public. It is but just that they be fitly
remunerated. The increase of. pay provided by the
bill before Congress will be small. No valid argu
ment can be raised against it. Its enactment should
be assured by an overwhelming majority in both
houses.
It is not too much to say that the people of the
country are overwhelmingly in favor of this bill. We
have not noted in our exchanges a single expression
of opposition to it. The issue, however, should not
be passed over with a mere tacit approval. The com
mercial and industrial organizations whose members
know so well the value of the free delivery, system
and the work of the carriers should actively assert
themselves in support of the measure. There is no
reason why each and all of such bodies should not
adopt resolutions in favor of the bill and forward
them to Congress. It is a matter well within the
scope of the work of such bodies, for commerce and
industry are in a large measure dependent upon the
efficiency of the postal service.
It is to be borne in mind that the carrier has to
provide his own uniform, and that it must be neat
and attractive. He is not permitted to wear old,
faded and threadbare clothing for the sake of prac
ticing economy. Neither, can he live cheaply and re
tain the vigor required to take day after day the long
tramps up and down the streets in the performance
of his duties. He must be well clothed, well fed and
well housed, for his work exposes him to every va
riety of inclemency of the weather in summer and in
winter.
The letter, carriers bill now before Congress can
not be /charged with erring on the side of extrava
gance. It is, indeed, a very modest measure. It
proposes no more than the creation of an additional
grade of the service for which the payment shall be
$1200 a year. That sum is certainly none too much
to pay for the labor of men who have passed through
so long a preliminary service, who have acquired so
much experience of value to the Government and to
the public, and whose tasks are so arduous and so im
portant.
These figures hardly need comment. They carry
their meaning on their face. Here are a set. of Gov
ernment employe's required to work, rain or shine,
in the open air, exposed to every sort of weather, at
a task requiring a high degree of fidelity, intelli
gence and physical endurance, who have at no period
of their service any adequate reward for the labor
performed.
Of all classes of persons in the employment of the
United States, letter carriers are the most inade
quately paid. Under the present system the letter
carrier enters the service as a substitute at $100 per t
annum. He serves anywhere from three to five years
on the extra or substitute list, delivering special de
livery letters and working in the place of regular
carriers, and during that period he does not earn on
an everage more than $25 per month. When, after
such a long apprenticeship he is appointed a regular
carrier he receives for the first year $5oo, for the sec
ond year $800 and for the third year $1000. It takes
the average carrier about eight years of service to
reach tl\e $1000 grade, and after that he can go no
higher.
Arguments in favor of increasing the salaries of
Justices of the Supreme Court, Congressmen and
other high officials are based, after all, only upon a
claim for an increased affluence and dignity of social
position. It merely means adding a little more of
luxury to their lives, for their salaries are already
ample to enable them to live in high degree of com
fort, to save money and to provide by insurance for
their families. The argument for an increase in the
pay of letter carriers on the other hand is based upon
a claim for plain justice. It is no more than asking
remuneration for the work performed and an income
equal to the needs of a comfortable livelihood.
WHILE Congressmen are meditating the ad
visability of increasing the salaries of Jus
tices of the Supreme Court and their own
salaries as well, the people should not, permit them
to overlook the claims of the letter carriers to a
juster and more adequate reward for their services.
There is a billnow before Congress for that purpose
and the country should see to it that it be neither
defeated nor neglected. , ; ; '
JUSTICE TO LETTER CARRIERS.
The Tillman-McLaurin affair is closed so far asthe
Senate is concerned.^ Virtually : the. matter has been
referred to South Carolina for action.
DIVORCE— W. O. S., Auburn, Cal. If
a woman is a resident of Washington and
wishes to apply for, a divorce she may do
jpo, provided she .has been' a resident of
the State] for the required time, namely
one year, \ and 'has .sufficient grounds, to
bring the matter. Into court. In that event
the court will direct a copy of the sum
cions to be mailed to the last known resi-
A writer In Lipplncoo's tells the follow
ing lesend of the ring- which the Arch
bishop places on one of the fingers of the
Britl3h ruler, as part of the coronation
ceremonies:
" 'The wedding ring of England' Is of
plain gold, set with a large table ruby
on which the cross of St. George la en
graved. Legend says that this ring be
longed to Edwaj/I the Cdnfessor, and that
he bestowed 1/ on an old beggar who
asked an alma of him, he having nothing
else at hand at the moment. Soon after
ward two English pilgrims lost their way
in the Holy Land, and were succored by
a 'fayre olde man,' who on parting said
to them: *I am Johan, the evangelyst;
and saye >< vnto Edward yovr King,
that I grese him well by the token that
he gaff to. me,, thys rynge. with hys one
handes.* Certain it is that James II, when*
detained by the fishermen of Sheerness on
his first attempt to flee the country, in
16SS, contrived to hide a ring, called 'the
coronation ring,' in his clothing. This
was a favorite ring of Mary Queen of
Scots, and was sent by her at her death
to James I, finally coming into ttte pos
session of George IV through the chan
nels by which he obtained all the remain
ing papers of the house of Stuart.
"The Archbishop puts the ring on the
fourth finger of his Majesty's right hand
saying: 'Receive this ring, the* ensign of
kingly dignity and of defense of the
catholic faith.' "
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.'
1 n ¦
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsends.'
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bs-i
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
633 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 104i •
Queen Elizabeth deffghted in the odor of
violets. In the season she wore a bunch
of these flowers at her throat or girdle
and at all times kept this perfume on her
dressing case.
• What you pay for extracts la important, but
what jou get la ten times more Important. Bur
nett's Vanilla cost* more because It's worth more.
¦ If one were to judge from the news of each day it
would be natural to decide that New York has trou
bles enough without the addition of new' devils of
which she did not suspect. But the great city now
harbors a preacher who positively refuses to marry
any woman who promises to obey the man "of her
choice. It is to be hoped .that, the reverend gentle
man will stay, where he is. ' . ,
CAPITALIZATION— G. S. W.. City.
Benjamin Drew, in his. "Pens and Type."
on the subject of capitalization, says:
"Names of persons, of things personified,'
of nations, countries, cities, towns'
streets, ships, etc., should be put up"
and, directly answering your query, says
"He is familiar with the German, French^
Russian, Bengalese, Chinese and Grebo
language." Some nouns and adjectives
originally proper have, - by usage, the
common form, as: "He wears russia
leather boots, morocco gaiters and a fez
cap when dancing the german."
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest Winter
Resort in the world, offers best living climate
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado C»I
DIVORCES— B. D., ; City. The j law of
California is that; any one divorced can
not within a year, if. a, resident of the
State, marry again: The divorpe laws of
Honolulu are not governed by the divorce
laws of California, but if a man was di
vorced In- Honolulu he could not come to
California and be married again within a
year from the date of the decree of di
vorce. ...
CASINO— E. J.D.. Eureka, Cal. In the
game of casino sweeps do not count first
¦unless the players agree before the game
that they shall.' Where', no agreement
exists before' the play the count is cards,
Bpades,. big, casino,- little casino, aces
and sweeps. The. law of casino Is that a
player cannot build from the table.
I : As Prince Henry did not have time enough in Chi
cago to see everything, the reception committee
hesitated a long time whether to show him the stock
yards or the university. Finally they decided to take
him to the seat of learning, and now there is civil
war in the city and a mourning among the magnates
that the Toyal visitor goes away with" the false im
pression that Chicago is more devoted to 'culture
than to lard. .
NAVAL ACADEMY— W. R.. Boonville,
Cal. Applicants for admission to. the
United States Naval Academy at An
napolis are examined mentally by the
academic board in reading, writing, spell
ing, ! arithmetic, geography, English
grammar, United States history, world's
history, algebra through quadratic equo
tations and plain geometry (five books of
Chauvenet's geometry or an equivalent).
Deficiency, in any one of these subjects
may be sufficient to Insure the rejection
of the candidate.
A LEAKY ROOF— L., City. If you had
a house built and the party who built It
guaranteed that he would make the roof
rainproof and he did not do so you un
doubtedly have grounds for an action
against him for failure to carry out his
contract and for damages, if any follow
ed by reason of the leakage..
RUNNING RECORD— D. W. E., Rich
mond, Contra Costa County, Cal. The
running record for 100 yards is the follow
ing: 9 3-5 seconds, B. J. Wef ers, Wash
ington, November 7, 1S96; 9 4-5 seconds, W.
P. MePherson, Auckland, February 7,
1S91. and J. H. Maybury. Chicago, 111..
June 5, 1897; 9 3-3 seconds, B. J. Wefers,
Lowell, Mass., July 5, 1897. This Is the
amateur record. According to the books
there is no professional that has beaten
these records.
MRS. MOORE— A. N. S.. City. This de
partment cannot explain why the class
of people named in your letter of Inquiry
allowed the remains of Mrs. Hammond
Moore, who committed suicide In Stock
ton, to be burled In the potter's Held. This
department has not the time nor opportu
nity to canvass the different' individuals
and ask them why they did not contribute
to a fund for a different burial plat.
England's Weeding ; Ring.
WATER ON THE BAR-T. J. M., Sierra
City. The soundings on the bar at the
entrance to San Francisco Bay on a di
rect line from Fort Point to Lime Point
are: Commencing from the .Lime Point
side, 8, 15, 53, 47, 54, 26 and IS fathoms.
Incoming vesels do not have to wait out
side for the tide to rise. The figures show
the depths at the average of lower low
water. " •>. y
CIVIL SERVICE — A. S., City. By
watching the columns of The Call you
will learn when^eivil service examinations
are to be held. Such are not announced
until a short time before the date for ex
amination. If you are an applicant In any
department you will be notified by the de
partment of the time.
PAR VALUE OF STOCK— H. M., Hoi
lister, Cal. From the printed stock quo
tations one not owning stock In any of
the companies cannot tell what the par
value of, the stock is. Such information
may be obtained from stock papers or
from the secretary of»each company.
SPRAYING TREES-A. S., Aukum. El
Dorado County, Cal. There are a num-.
ber of sprays for fruit " trees as pre
ventives against, the ravages of insects,
but as you do not designate the kind of
trees that 'are ¦ affected this department
cannot answer the question.
CENSUS FIGURES-Subscriber, City.
The census figures that will give the pop
ulation of San Francisco by race and
creed may be had by writing to the cen
sus bureau at Washington, D. C, but
none such have yet been published.
A POEM— R., Placerville, Cal. This cor
respondent wants the name and the name
of the author of a poem in which occurs
the following. Can any of the readers of
this department furnish the information?
Shtr was as white and pure an snow.
But like the snownake" from Heaven she fell.
ELLA WHEELER WILCOX-Subscri
bor, Napa, Cal. Ella Wheeler Wilcox was
born at Johnstown Center, Wis., in 1835.
tihr was married in 1884 to Robert M.
Wilcox. Her residence is "The Bunga
low," Short Beach, Conn.
LICK OBSERVATORY-G. H. I..- City.
The Lick Observatory, on Mount Hamil
ton, is open every day In the year, but
on Saturday nights only. are visitors per
mitted to look through the great tele
scope.
LATIN QUOTATION— Puebla; Oakland,
Cal. The sentence Is not "Hume a tuis
arcebis," but is "Tu Jupiter hunc a tula
arls ceterisque templis arcebis." ("Thou,
O! Jupiter, will prevent this one from
your altars and temples.")
A BILLION— A. S., City. According to
the French notation a billion is a thou
sand millions, or 1,000.000,000. According to
English notation It is a million of "mil
lions, or 1,000,000,000,000.
CONGRESSMAN— E. S.. City. There is
& Congressman from Kentucky by the
name of Charlea K. Wheeler, but there is
none by the name of Wheeler from Ter.
ne&see.
DATES OF THE PAST— A. M., City.
The 17th of February, 1881. fell on Thurs
day; the 4th of January, 1887, on a Friday
and the 27th of September, 1890, on Satur
day.
SILVER MINE— D. S., May, Cal. ,This
department has no other Information than
that contained in the published dispatch
relative to the silver mine named.
FOUNDERING OF THE VICTORIA—
B., Oceana, Cal. The British ship Victo
ria was run down by the Camperdown
June 22, 1S93, at 4:31 p. m.
POSTAGE— J. T. G., Calistoga, Cal. The
bill authorizing the reduction of postage
In the United States from 3 to 2 cents was
signed March 2, 1883.
BENT— N. N., City. It is correct to
say or write "the knife is bent," but in
correct to. say or write "the knife is
bented."
HALF OF '59-Subscriber. Healdsburg,
Cal. A half-dollar of : 1859 does not com
mand a premium.
BORNHOLM— S. R., City; The Island
of Bornholm in the Baltic belongs to Den
mark. . .
DIME OF '49-S. E. R. A United
States dime of 1849 is not a premium coin.
ONE IN 1887— C. H. B., Brentwood, Cal.
The 10th of June, 1887, fell on a Friday.
BUILDING SCHEME— B., Elmhurst,
Cal. This department does not answer
questions as to the reliability of Individ
uals or firms. As to the building scheme
alluded to in letter of inquiry, why not
ask the promoters for references and then
consult the parties referred to?
R. R. Cable, president of the Rock Isl
and road, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Palace. His visit to this city is
only for pleasure, he said last night, and
has no connection with railroad business.
dence of the husband in case he Is not
within the jurisdiction of the court in
which the suit is commenced.
Mrs. Ida A. Lewis and her daughter
and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Bruce
Bonny, returned yesterday from an ex
tended trip to Europe, and have taken
up quarters at the California.
S. ' R. Hopkins, one of the principal
owners in the Tonopah mining district
recently opened up in White Pine County,
Nevada, Is on the register at the Russ
House. :,-% •¦¦"-
Captain George BlockJinger of | the
United States navy arrived in this "city
late Saturday night and secured apart
ments at the Occidental Hotel.
Thomas O. Toland, one of the State
Board of -Equalizers, was in the city for
a few hours yesterday, departing for his
home in Ventura last night.
W. J.. Pendray, a merchant from Vic
toria, B. C, and his wife are visiting
this city and are registered at the Lick
House.
Dr. Frederick Lange, heavily interested
in the mines at Mazatlan, Mexico, is reg
istered at the Occidental Hotel.
J. B. Beresford, auditor of the Cudahy
Packing Company, with offices at Omaha,
:s stopping at tha California.
W. L. Carter, a well-known jeweler,
whose business is at Santa Rosa, is at
the Occidental Hotel.
Captain \F. B. Zahn came over from
Mare Island last night and is stopping
at the Occidental.
Dr. David Powell and Judge la. T.
Crane of Marysville are registered at the
Lick House.
L. J. Rose Jr., con of the horseman,
arrived from Oxnard yesterday and is at
the Palace.
Don Ray, a merchant of Gait, is at the
Lick.
"I'd like to talk to you about a min
ute," said the strangtr with the butting
valise In a husky voice, as he leaned over
the railing. "I am handling all the
standard authors."
"If I were one of them you'd have to
have cleaner hands than you've got now
or there would be a fuss," replied the
man Inside the railing, glancing at him a
moment and turning again to his work —
Chicago Tribune.
"Have you named the baby?" asked the
admiring neighbor.
"Not yet." said the proud young moth
er. "We're going to christen hfm Sun
day."
"Dear me! What an odd name!-; I'd
almost as soon call him after Robinson
Crilsoe's man Friday and be done with
it."— Chicago Inter Ocean.
The Social Student— I have noticed that
the men who discover the workingman's
grievances are not the men who work.
The Workingman— Of course not. It ia
because they do not have to work that
they find time to look up grievances
-* hich otherwise nobody might discover.—
Boston Transcript.
Casey— "Well,, ye can't prevlnt what's
past and gone.
Cassidy— Shure, ye could av ye only
acted Quick enough.
Casey— How could ye?
Cassidy— Shtop it befoor it happens.—
Philadelphia Press. -
"I think it was the most touching play
I ever saw, yet there sat Maud Gariing
horn, as dry-eyed as could be.*'
"Because she knew she'd have to be
dry-cheeked when she came out under^.
the glare of the electric light."— Chicago
Tribune.
"What we want," said the First Pa
triot, "is honest elections."
"I should say so," agreed the Second
Patriot. "Why, Heeler promised me $30
for my influence In my ward, and now
he says he never agreed to give me more
than $10."— Baltimore Sun.
"He gave me a message to deliver to
brother George," she exclaimed demurely.
"Was it necessary to kis3 you in order
to do that?" demanded her mother. ¦
"Yes," she answered; "it was a sealed
message."— Washington Star.
Neighbor— The baby suffers from sleep
lessness, does it?
Mr. Jeroloman (haggard and hollow
eyed)—I didn't say It suffered. It seems
to enjoy it. I'm the one that suffers.—
Philadelphia Times.
"Some cbillun," said Uncle Eben. "is
pow'ful good jes' befo' Christmas, Jes' de
same as some grown folks is pow*ful good
when dey's lookin* fob. office."—Washing
ten Star.
• "Of course she has her faults."
• "Has her faults! Say, she's got more
faults than a new torpedo-boat."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The proposal to loan surplus money in the treas
ury to f national banks for T per cent is almost cer
tain -to excite antagonism. There is no apparent
reason why the Government should lend its money
at so low a rate of interest. It cannot borrow for
that, and should not lend for less than it has to pay.
It will be seen that the banks which agree to re
deem United States notes are authorized to Issue
asset currency up to 20 per cent of their capital sub
ject to a tax rate of one-fourth of 1 per cent, whereas
those that do not enter into that agreement are to
pay 1j4.per.cent. There is- therefore an advantage
of 1 per cent in favor of the banks of the former; class.
How far that will be an inducement remains to be
seen. . ' "•;
For the purpose of supplying an asset currency
it is provided that national banks may at the end of
two years issue circulation equal to 10 per cent of
their capital, and thereafter may increase the amount
by degrees until at the end of five years the total
issue is equal to 60 per cent of the capital. The tax
on each of the issues after the first 10 per cent is
to be at the rate of 1% per cent. The notes are to
be guaranteed by a fund consisting of. United States
bonds or gold coin equal to 5 per cent of all notes
outstanding, and the fund is to be used only for the
payment of notes of failed banks.
-Banks that agree to redeem United States notes
equal to 20 per cent of their capital are required to
surrender to the treasury an amount of United
States notes equal to 10 per cent of their capital,
which notes are to be canceled and destroyed. It
is explained that 20 per cent of the present national
bank capital is $130,000,000, the exact amount of
United States notes for whose redemption the banks
would be responsible if every national bank assume
its share of redemption. One-half of that amount,
$65,600,000, would at the same time be presented to
the treasury for cancellation, thus in the aggregate
relieving the treasury of the burden of redeeming
$195,000,000 of notes and so put an end to any fear
of a drain of gold.
In the summary of the measure given by our
special correspondent at Washington it is .stated:
"Any national bank that shall assume the current
redemption in gold of an amount of United States
notes equal to 20 per cent of its capital, may, with
out depositing United States bonds, : immediately
issue an amount of bank notes equal to ioper cent
of its capital; and at the end of one year it may issue
an additional 10. per cent. On each of the issues it
shall pay a tax at the rate of one-quarter of 1 per
cent per annum, but should it^cease to redeem United
States notes it will have to pay a tax of 1% per cent."
The features of the bill most likely to meet with
antagonism are those relating to the assumption on
the part of the banks to redeem United States notes,
the issue of asset currency, and the loan of public
money to national banks upon a payment of 1 per
cent interest. The provisions of the bill upon those
points therefore deserve careful attention.
The bill purposes to effect the desired reorganiza
tion by creating a Board of Control, to consist of
three members, who shall have supervision of all
national banks and perform the duties now vested in
the Comptroller of the Currency; by national banks
assuming to redeem currently $130,000,000 of United
States notes: by. permitting "national banks under
suitable restrictions to issue asset currency propor
tioned to their capital; by limiting issues of silver
certificates to five dollars or less; by increasing sub
sidiary coinage; by providing for' the exchange of
gold for silver: by permitting national banks to have
places of business in^any part of the United States,
colonies and foreign countries; and by requiring na
tional banks to pay interest at the rate of 1 per cent
on all deposits of public money.
BY the Repubjican members of the House Com
mittee on Banking and Currency an agree
. ment has been reached upon -a general bank
ing bill designed to reorganize our monetary sys
tem. The issue is one of the most important to come
before Congress . at this session, and the time is
propitious for dealing with it. Banking and- currency
reform must be undertaken sooner or later, and it
is evident it will be better to enter upon the work
now while business is flourishing and our financial in
stitutions are subject to no strain, rather than to wait
until, some disaster comes and then be forced to
enter upon it under the pressure of public excite
ment and financial disturbance.
BANKING AND CURRENCY.
When two Senators got into a heated altercation
the other day Tillman rose and said to them: "If
you gentlemen are not careful you will get your
selves into the same fix I was a few days ago." The
Senate smiled, order was restored, and the debate
ceased to be exciting. The incident is a striking' il
lustration of how' the scandal of one day becomes
the merry jest of another.
A. great amount of money is being expended in reconstruct
ing obsolete types of armored ships in the French navy. The
Caiman, of 7239 tons, built in 1885, has received new .boilers
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Six armored cruisers of 10,200 tons displacement are to be
laid down during the present year for the British navy. They
are of an entirely new type. 1800 smaller than the Aboukir
class, and exceed the Monmouth, or county type! by 400 tons.
Their length is 450 feet, breadth 67 feet and draught 24 feet
6 inches. The engines are designed to develop 22,000 horse
power, giving a speed of twenty-three knots, and the normal
coal supply is 800 tons. The armament will consist of two
7.5 inch, ten 6 inch and thirteen smaller— probably twelve*
pounder, quick-firing guns. One of these ships, the Devon
shire, 5s to be built at Chatham dockyard, and five, named
Hampshire, Argyle, Roxburgh, Antrim and Carnarvon, are to
be built at private yards. :
The long-delayed gunnery experiments on the old battleship
Belleisle were carried out February 19 off the Isle of Wight.
The forepart of the vessel had been reconstructed to represent
sections of the latest armored cruisers, with bunkers, water
tight compartments, protective deck, etc. On -one side "the
armor, six Inches thick, represented the Drake class; the other
side, four inches thick, is Identical with the 9800-ton cruisers
known as the "county" class. These sections or targets were
painted In black and white and were twenty feet square. The
ship, drawing fifteen feet, was anchored In sixteen feet of
water, so that in case of filling she could not sink very far,
and two gunboats opened fire at a distance of 1250 yards
against the Krupp armor targets. The gunboat Pincher at
tacked the six-inch plate with a 9.2 inch gun, and the Comet
directed her six-Inch pruns against the four-inch section.
Armor-piercing projectiles with cordite - charges were used.
Photographs were taken of the damage done between each
two rounds, and while the details of the trial have not yet
been made public, it is generally understood that the six-inch
plate resisted the 9.2 inch gun, while the thinner target was
demolished by the six-inch gun. After a dozen rounds the
object of the experiment had been attained and the ship was
towed back to Portsmouth.
THE salary of, Philip Watts, successor to Sir William
White as Director cf Naval Construction in the Britisn
navy, has been fixed at $15,000 a year, in addition to
which he receives $225 as chief examiner at Greenwlcn
Naval College. The office force of the constructive and
designing staff has increased from thirty-five in 1882 to ninety
eight at the present time, and the total salary list from $79.
665 to $181,%0. Twenty years ago there were only ten naval
constructors and fourteen draughtsmen; now there are thirty
nine constructors and forty-two draughtsmen. The salary of
the Director, which was $7500 while Sir Edward Reed and Na
thaniel Barnaby held that office, was raised to $12,600 In order
to induce William White to accept the position, and now the
Admiralty has been forced to increase it to $15,000. The Chief
Constructor in the United States navy receives only $5500 a
year and his assistants number only four naval constructor*
and about forty draughtsmen.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Captain J. B. Coghlan, at present captain of the Brooklyn
navy yard, is a strong advocate for building ships In the navy
yards. He admits that such work will probably cost more
than if built by contract, but that the results would be more
satisfactory. He Is quoted as saying: "The Government can
build a far better ship for itself than a private concern can
build for it. The navy must have the best, and, therefore, I
am of the opinion that the Government should be willing to
pay the extra price and get the extra quality." Captain Cogh
lan was for several years attached to the Mara Island yard,
and had charge by turns of the ordnance, equipment and
yards and docks departments. He is as popular ashore with
the workmen as he is with the sailors on board ship and ha
has all the business qualities in which naval ofHcers as a class
are usually deficient. His arguments in behalf of an efficient
navy are, therefore, of more value than the opinions of most
other officers.
M. de Lanessan. French Minister of Marine, has at last
succeeded in curtailing the power of the head of the
naval general staff to reasonable proportions. This of
fice waa created originally in order to insure tha con
tinuance and development of a progressive- naval ¦ pol
icy independently of the frequent changes of, ministry.
Every department of the Admiralty was put under his
control and the Minister became little more than a figure
head. The chief of staff having to attend to so great a mass
of details found no time to consider the question of national
defense, which was the chief object for creating that office,
and M. de Lanessan quickly discovered the absurdity of tha
situation and also resented the diminution of his own author
ity. He has therefore returned to the old order of things by
depriving the head of staff— who is an admiral— of all author
ity over personnel and material of the fleet, and making the
various naval bureaus directly responsible to the Minister.
It Is a sad setback for the clique of officers that wanted to
run the navy- A similar proposition to that which has been
tried and found wanting in -France Is being agitated by prom
inent ofllcers in our navy. Crowninshield, Sampson, Chad
wick, Taylor, Evans, Bradford and Higginson favor a general
staff,' with the admiral of the navy at its head, which would
practically run the whole business and leave nothing for the
Secretary to do except to sign his name. Such a board is now
in existence, but has not yet developed into anything very
serious or obnoxious. It is, as yet. only advisory to the Secre
tary and affords an excuse for shore duty for officers of tho
line. $*V
and two 10.8 inch guns of thirty-five tons In revolving turrets
substituted for the original 16% inch guns of seventy-five tons
In stationary barbettes. The reduction of weight by this
change in armament and gun protection is 432 tons, which will
raise the. 19% inch armor belt ten inches. The 10.8 inch gun
although lighter by forty tons than the discarded l$y 2 inch
has greater penetrative power and will demolish an Iron'target
33.? inches in thickness, whereas the capacity of the old mm
was only 29.4 inches under like conditions.
DIRECTOR OF NAVAL CONSTRUCTION
IN ENGLAND GETS A BIG SALARY
Perhaps the adoption of that' order will be satisfac
tory. At any rate it is Washington's quarrel, , and . it
is to be hoped she will settle it without starting a
war which the whole country will have to fight out.
for giving themselves precedence. Were -it j left' to
international .'. arbitration.^ the diplomats would as
readily find law and authority for giving Embassa
dors the right of way. However, it is to go to
neither of those powers for settlement. Perhaps the
President will have to solve the whole thing. 'It has
been reported that a public . officer, name not given,
says that according to all rules of etiquette observed
by foreign Governments, and which should be ob
served here according to' the arrangement of bur offi
cial machinery, the order of precedence should be as
follows: The President, Vice -President, Embassa
dors, Chief Justice of the United : States Supreme
Court, President of the Senate,' Speaker of the House
of Representatives, Justices of 'the Supreme ; Court,
members of the Cabinet, "Foreign Ministers, Senate,
House of Representatives.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1902.
MONDAY MARCH io, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ittrm AH CtB»Bnie»tioni to W. 8. MAKE. Hantger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE!.. Telephone Pre«iiS04
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORLSX BOOMS 217 to 221 SterenBoa St.
Telephone Press 202.
DelHrered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per WeeF*
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.,
Terms by Mall, Inclndlne Poatagret
DAJ1.T CAXZi (including Sunday), en* yew $6.00
DAILT CALZ> flnclnfiing Sunday), 8 month* 8.00
DAILY CALX. (Including Sunday). 8 moaths 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Single Month We
6TOT>AT CALL. One Year 1.59
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1.00
All pot(mB>tm are authorlced to receive
subscription*.
6uEpl» cedes will be forwarded when requested.
Ifafl iwbeeribers In ordering change of 'address should te
particular to sir* both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to issar* a prompt and correct compliance with, their reqnt»t.
OAKXA3TD OFFICE 1118 Broadwny
C GEORGE KROGXESS.
I»B1{U Foreign AlrtrtUing, K*rqnett« Building. Chic»s».
Oaona- Dletanca Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAKLTOX Herald Sauare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SS11TU SO Tribune BnllalnK
NEW TORK NEWF STANDS :
Waldorf -Aetorla. Hotel; A. BrenUno. 81 Union 6<ra«.re;
ICcmr Em BoteL-
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
ncuiuui Hboae; Auditorium Hotel.
WASBTBGTOX (D- C) OFFICE. . . .1406 G SU *• W.
MORTOX E. cnAXE, Correspondent.
8EAKCR OFFICES C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, cpea
oata 9:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open untu 8:80 o'clock. 033
u-atiw^ open until 8:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
8:80 o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
4
I Grand Opera-house — "The House That Jack K-^i'.t."
Fischer's Theater— "The French Maid."
California— "The "White Slave."
TlvoU — "The Serenade."
Central — "Oliver Twist."
Alcazar — "A. Coat of Many Colors."
Colombia — "Arizona."
Orpheom— Vaaderine.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
cvenlne- •
£hermas-Clay Hall — Sons Recital. Tuesday night, March 11.
¦Woodward's Pavilion — Winter Circus.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
A Iff trSEME JJTS.FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front tMlssion-street wharf) about
twenty-five mlnutea later than at Fort Point'
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon, and Tide.
V.'t ter Front Notes.
Seven Oregon pine masts went adrift
yesterday morning from Simpson's lum
ber yard. One of them was recovered at
Sausalito. The others are still adrift.
The German ship Marie Hackfield ar
rived yesterday, seventeen days from
Honolulu.
A boom of 120 piles which -went adrift
from Hunters Point during the last south-,
easter was discovered yesterday at I3ayy
Farm Island. The natives were holding
the piles for ransom at $3 apiece, but
Street & Co.. the owners of the piles, ef
fected a compromise and recovered 100
at $1 each. The holders of the remaining
twenty refuse to reduce the ransom.
Street & Co. will to-day institute search
warrant proceedings.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, March !>.
Muir CiuaJala, Olsen. 26 hours from Eureka.
Ktmr Ban Pedro, Jahnsen, 110 hours from
Grays Harbor.
t-imr North Fork, Fosen, 45 houni from Eu
reka.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Jiitict
• 'Ml »tmr Palena, Moon, V.'J days from Val
paraiso, etc.
Uer utmr I»l«, Qrooth, 4 days from, Comox,
B Cj uut In to finish loading.
Nor ctmr Tltanla, Egenes, D>£ dayi from
Nanalmo.
Ktmr laqua, Ounderson, 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Ktmr Rainier. Hansen, 115 hours from Now
What cum.
Htmr State of California. Thomas. 44 hours
from Kan L>!«*ko and way port*.
Btmr Banta Crux, Nlcolion, 77 hours from
Ban Pedro and way ports.
Hhlp Krnnrbec. l*nnt\ IS days from Scutttn.
Hrhr An-hle nnd Foiulr, skipper, 3 days from
Ilowrni* landing.
Bchr l.n.-imTiii", Jensen, 13 days from Grays
Harbor.
Hchr Wm OUen, Rovrlk. JO days from Port
ninkrley.
Hchr <"oqullle, Anderson, hene<» this a. rn.
I?usfes the Argyll.
The steamship "State of California,
which arrived yesterday from San Diegro,
passed the steamship Argyll about • 200
miles from port. The Argyll comes direct
from Panama.
The steam collier Edith, which arrived
Saturday night, had a rough trip from
Seattle. She encountered heavy south
easterly gales throughout the voyage,
which occupied seven and a half days.
One of her starboard boats was smashed
by a sea.
Edith Hakes Long Trip.
POUT TOWN8EN0— Passed in March 9 —
Stmr City of Seattle, from Skagwuy, for Seat
tle.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 8— Br «lilp Bann,
i from Junln; wtmr City of Seattle, from Skag
way; stmr John S. Klmball, hence March 6.
Sailed March 0 — Stmr Prosreso, for San
Francisco; stmr Charles Nelson, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LUDLOW- Sailed March 8— Schr
Courtney Ford, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Mnrch 0— Fr bark Ven
dee, from Newcastle, Kim; Fr bark KrneHt
Lfgouve, from Mauritius Chll bktn Altu, from
Honolulu; bktn Ella, from Honolulu.
«all«i March U— Nor stmr Thyra. for San
FmncUcn; lir Htmr Indravelll, for Hongkong;
Himr Columbia, for Hun Francisco; stmr Kl
nior*\ for Tlllamook.
PORT LO3 ANGELES— Sailed March 0—
Btmr Han M.«ti'i>. for Nanalmo.
UltAYH HAKHOR— Arrived MarcU l>— Stmr
Chehalls, heneu March U.
Sailed March U— Schrs Jesxle Minor and
James A. (Sarncld, and stmrs Newburg. O. C.
l.lmiinuT and Grace Hollar, for Han Kntnclsco.
NKA1J HAY— Passed out Mnrch 0— Hhlp
Pnntn darn, from Oyster Harbor, fur Han
Krunt'lsco; stmr Crirlnu, from Heuttle, for Ban
Frunclnc'o.
Pnsied In MhitIi II— Stmr Mackinaw, henc*
March (I, for Tacumu; atmr Asuncion, hanra
M»rch 0. for H<-attl«; utrnr Nome City, from
Vatdra, for Heal tie.
KIT HICK A— Arrived March 9— Btmr Pomona,
henca March 8; bktn Ruth, hencs March a.
Hulldl March 0— Stmr Alliance, for Portland:
¦tmra Houlh Co**t, Homer nnd llrunowlck, und
Bchr Eureka, for Han Kranelseo.
HAN PKDRO— Arrived March 0— Bchr Lot
tit Oamin, fn>tn Kureka.
HOUTH IJJCMD— Arrived March 0— Btmr
Illvat, hence March 0; schr Challenger, from
Pan Pedro.
COOH HAY— -Arrived March 0— Btmr Arrata,
hence March 7.
TACOMA— Hailed March 0— Stmr Charles
Nelson, for Ban Francisco; bark Jnvcrkln, for
Quoenntown. tor order*.
Arrived March 0— Hark Th»kla, from Seat
tle; stmr Oceania, from Manila.
OCBAN 8TKAMERS.
NEW Y0HK— Arrived March 0— 8tmr Pre
toria, from Hamburg; atmr L'Aquultalne, from
Havre.
K1NSALK— Passed March 0— Stmr Georgia,
from New York, for Liverpool.
PHAYVLK POINT — Pawed March 0— Stmr
Ilnverford. from Antwerp, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN—Arrlved March l>— Stmr
Altonla, from Huston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed March 0 — Stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool, for New York; stmr Merlon, from Liver
pool, for Boston.
HORTA— Arrived March 0— Stmr Etrurla,
from New York, for Liverpool.
ANTWERP— Sailed March »— Stmr Zealand,
for New York, and passed Lizard 0 am.
MOVILLE— Sailed March 0— Stmr Furnessla,
from Glasgow, for New York.
MALTA— Pasned ' March 0— Stmr ' Hyson,
from Clyde and Liverpool, for China, Japan
and Seattle.
HAMBURG — Arrived March 9— Stmr Seo»
trals, from San Francisco, via Montevideo, Kt
Vincent, C V, and Havre.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBO8. March 9, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wlnA»NW, velocity 24 mile* per hour.
Sunday, March 9.
Stmr Georjre Loomis, Brldeett. for Ventura.
Stmr Spokane. Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, for Guaymaa.
.Stmr Hanta Ana, Strand, for Seattle.
Stmr Oeorge W. Elder, Randall, for Astoria.
Bark Amy Turner, Warland, for Hilo.
Bark C. D. Bryant, Colly, for Tacoma.
Bark Harry Morse. Reynolds, for Astoria,
nktn Irmeinl, Schmidt, for Honolulu.
Schr Gotoma. Olsen, for Coos Bay.
Schr CoQuelle, Anderson, for Coquille River.
Br bark Pomona, Crosby, for Queenstown.
I'r bark Alice, Durand, for Queenstown.
¦ TELEGRAPHIC. '.
SAILED.
WASHINGTON, March 9.— The atten
tion of the Senate will be divided again
this week between the ship subsidy bill
and the bill providing for the punishment
of persons who assault or kill the Presi
dent of the United States, the former
holding the place of unfinished business
and the latter coming in for considera
tion when . there is no one prepared to
ppeak on the subsidy question. Among
for CoQuille River: returned on account of
shipping two heavy seas while crosslnfc the
bar.
Uer ehlD Marie Hackfeld. "Wuhrmann, ICt
days from Hamburg, via Honolulu 17 days.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Crangle, ltf days from
Port Gamble. : .
Senators Mallory and
Vest "Will Speak on
the Measure.
Emile X. Dresser, a sailor on the
schooner Archie and Fontle, which ar
rived yesterday from Bowens Landing,
was on March 6 thrown against the bul
warks during a heavy southeaster. His
shoulder was dislocated. He was taken
to the Marine Hospital for treatment
soon after the schooner arrived.
Seaman Dislocates Shoulder.
The French bark Ernest Legoure ar
rived yesterday at Astoria. She was 121
days from Hobart, and was beginning to
look like a candidate for the "missing"
list. She has been on the reinsured list
for some time, and on Saturday her rate
was advanced to 30 per cent.
Overdue Frenchmen Arrives.
»on aracod at tho ml-eareme ball la*
w«Mik wns (rrofttly nrtmlrud. Tho rtucurla
laco ovoniklrt of blnok and . whltn li
especially wovon to produce panol offocts
Under the laeo In a Bklrt of whlto satlr
with white chiffon flounces edged will
those who have announcod their Intention
to apeak on tho mibsldy bill In Senator
Vest, but the condition of his health,
which remains far from robust, may pro
\ nit his addrcenlng tho Senate. Senator
Mallory will als'o talk on this subject, but
beyond these no not addresses have been
announced. However, there undoubtedly
will bo a number of short speeches on the
bill.
No prepared speeches on the Presi
dential aBsault bill have been announced,
but there is no doubt that lawyers of
the Senate will continue to find more or
less to Bay about it whenever opportunity
shall offer. At odd tinies the calendar
Will be taken up. Altogether tho week
does not promise to be an exciting one in
the Senate.
The House this week, after discussion
of the bill to classify the rural free de
livery service and place carriers under
the contract system, will devote its atten
tion to appropriation bills. The postofflce
appropriation bill, which will be taken up
first probably, will require three days. It
v/ill be followed by the rivers and harbors
bill. It is regarded as a foregone conclu
sion that tue rural free delivery bill will
be defeated when the- vote is taken to
morrow.
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide ot the
day, except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. Tho heights given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO AHRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Three Thousand Klon
dikers Send Petition
to Ottawa.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DAWSON, Y. T., March 9 (via Vancou
ver).—The miners of the Klondike, indig
nant at the treatment they havo received
from the Dominion Government's Depart
ment of the Interior, have appealed to
the Earl of Minto, Governor General, for
the cancellation of the agreement of the
Treadgold concession. A petition slgnecl
by 3000 business men of Dawson and gold
mining operators from the creeks was
sent out yesterday by special messenger
to White Horse, and from there will be
mailed to Ottawa.
The attention of the Governor General
himself and Sir Wilfred Laurier will also
be brought to it, and by this means the
miners hope to obtain redress from the
encroachments of the English company
that would monopolize their water sup
ply. Four well-known business men are
on their way- from here to "White Horse,
thence to Ottawa to present the whole
question to the Government.
Treadgold himself is expected to arrive
hero within a month ' and may come
through with Governor Ross. If an ab
solute reversal of the order cannot be
eftected the Dawson delegation will seek
a reprisal by tying the company down to
the narrowest limits.
One of the most Important mining
finds of the winter season was made last
week on French Hill, near Hunker
Creek. In bench claims large deposits of
cassiterite, or what is practically pure
tin, have been found. The discovery con
sists of nuggets of metal, ¦which also car
ry gold values. The discovery was nrst
made ten days ago, and last week other
tlnda were made on a half-dozen different
properties, so that valuable deposits may
be opened up.
J. VV. Kerry of Seattle owns one claim
and will put in a machinery plant. Other
pold ilmls have been made on bench
claims. The newest quartz deposit to be
operated thia season will b« the Lone
Star, owned by Americans, who have a
large stamp .mill- erected. Miners who
hi.vo been last In th« camp say that
there will be u large development In
• iiiiirtz niluliur this year. Alrcudy esti
mates are being made of the Bcanon'd
clean-up from the amount of work done,
nrd tho clean-up will probably bo at least
$5,000,000 more tnnn lQHt year.
EVANGELIST LECTTJBES ON
GREAT JUDGMENT DAY
C. Fenwlck Heed Speaks Before Large
Audience nt the Strangers'
Sabbath Home.
Evangelist C. Fonwlck Rood spoke luHt
night at tho StrnngorB* Sabbath Home,
Ml llownnl ntrcot. Tho wubjpct of hi*
Hormon wnn "Tho a rent Judffment Day."
Tho Rov. Dr. Reed, It Ih claimed, created
a Hflnsntlou with thia luirmnn In Chicago,
Mlnnenpolla nnd Tampa. Ho wild In part:
Bomo any then* will b« no Judgment tiny.
It U trun dm i drcurnstunciui on this enrth
would tend to nmko uno bcllovu that thin \v»rc
inn, but thank Hod It Ih nut. tiiIh murdcrttr
whn nuciuwd from I ho uuthorltltm— think you
that ho will iwiiji." judgment? Think you that
thH man who robs a young Klrl of her virtuo
will cscnpa imnlnhrnvnt? Ah, no! A mini who
Mole nlno cents from the ooatofttre at l>
o'clock In the morning la apprehended and
by (I o'clock in thn wenlng ho la on hln wuy
to the penitentiary to acrvo six ycara, but
the man who ittnle a womun's virtue getM only
alx months. Is virtuo cheaper than nlno cents?
A poor man who stunts a loaf of bread to keep
from Mtarvlnu In arrested for petty larceny,
but the capitalist who appropriates $N0.00O
Kocn to Canada, on a vacation. Will there be
no day of judgment for these? You will nay
thnt you cannot ncare a penton Into religion—
you ennnot senro a man Into being good. Ah,
yes,' >ou can; why. there arn men in San
Francisco who would not be honeat over night
if there was no law. If they were not afraid
of the consequences.
Theru is a Judgment day and all will be
present there; This day cannot take place till
the end of all time. So let us be ready when
the day comes and have nothing against our
names.
Mr. Reed also pointed out the evils of
eard-playingr, dancing and going to
theaters.
Steamer. , F °r« Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 12
Ctrigo Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 14
B Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 15
Al-Ki.......i Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skngway & Way Ports. Mar. 16
Sugar Refinery to Be Built.
¦ LOS ANGELES, March 9.— The Los An
geles Sugar company has about com
pleted the preliminaries necessary to the
construction of a large beet sugar re
finery before the close of the present
year. Affairs have reached the point
where the, company is awaiting the final
decision and report of the attorneys of
a company, of English capitalists at New
York. The company is expecting to re
ceive thia report any day, and, if favor
able, work on the construction of the re
ttnery will probably be started at once
The factory will be located in Antelope
Valley, probably in tho vicinity of Palm
dale, though tho site haa- not been defin
itely decided upon,\ The plant will cost
about' $000,000 and will employ about 200
workmen. ...
Will Produce "Patience."
The St. Patrick's Choral Society, under
the direction of Miss Mary Short, organ
ist of St. Patrick's Church, has in prep
nratlon Gilbert & Sullivan's comic oper
etta, "Patience." The production will
take, place at the Native Sons' Hall on
the nights of April 9 and 10 and will be
for the benefit of the new schools of the
parish. The following named will appear
in the cast:
Misses Etta Welch, Genevleve Sullivan.
Frances Hausmann, Lilian Byrnes, Margaret
Anthony, Ella Canning, Cella Ferney, Ethel
Brown, Ella Barry. Catherine Blake. Loretta
Smith, Nellie Tehaney, ; Fredrica Reid, May
Lyne, - Elizabeth Fuller, Lilian Noonan, Eva
Cannins, - Mollie Glover, Nonie Sullivan, Kate
Puller, Eleanor Sheeny, Libbie Brooks, Mary
Fitzgerald. Mary Hegarty, Susan Brooks,
Agatha Glover, Mary Anthony. Kate McGuire.
Kate Robinson, - Louise Wiskotschill. Gertie
Cronln, Kate Cuslck, Messrs. Roy B. Kay,
John H. O'Brien, James C. O'Donnell, A. F.
Schleicher, Eugene Bournlzeau, John O'Brien,
John Grlfnn, Maurice Corridan, Thomas Leach.
Ignatius Kerr, George Shields, Thomas Fay,
James Casey, James Butler, James , O'Brien,
James Smith, John Doherty, Harry Smith,
Walter Hancock, Dennis Casey, Michael Don
aigan; James ; McBrearty and ' Thomas O'Brien.
MRS. HARRY MACFARLANE
WHOM RUMOR SAYS CUPID
HAS DESERTED.
(Photo by Taber.)
The Chilean Hteamehlp Palena of the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company ar
rived yesterday from Valparaiso. She
brought a number of puHgengeru, mostly
tourlHtK, and about 900 ton* of freight.
Her cargo included rubber, hides, wines,
roffc* wnd gold dust, valued at $100,000.
The PhlludHphla was at Panama when
the I'iiliim left them, and the Wisconsin,
bound for San Francisco, wna at Acopulco
In company with the Chilean vessel.
Among tho pascngers were:
Mrs. BUM DutU, Mrs. Funny Routh, Mm.
F. rnrk-r. Mm. Hoc* nrryfuw. K. 1*. Jamxk.
Ml»» Nriu«< O. jtHt.-K. C. C. Cunhlrnr. W. Won
hrller, )Mwnnin L.p|t«, jRxne* M. I'rarnon, John
Kouth, E. C. Parker, O. Dreyfui. J. W. lllg*
clnbottom and Mis* Throdora Thompson.
Pnlcna Comes Fron' Valparaiso.
When the steamship City of Pucbia
dropped her anchor In the harbor late on
Saturday night the passengers sighed
with relief and officers and crew rolled
Into thoir bunks for their first sleep since
rounding Cape Flattery. The Puebla was
seventy-two hours coming from Puget
Sound, nearly twenty-four hours
than the time usually occupied in mak
ing the passage. She encountered the
heaviest weather of an exceptionally
stormy season. All the damage sustained
was the smashing in of two ports, but
that she arrived at all is to the passen
gers a marvel which will furnish them
with topic nf conversation for many days.
The wind blew with tert-iflc violence, and
during the worst of the storm, when not
hove to, the steamship was staggering
along: at not more than a three-knot gait
Some enormous seas were shipped, and
time and again staterooms and even din
ing saloon were flooded. All hands were
kept constantly on duty, the services of
the sailors being repeatedly required to
bale out the water that time and again
forced its way Into the passengers' quar
ters. The Puebla anchored In quarantine
about 11:30 Saturday night. She passed
the doctors and was allowed to proceed
to her dock early yesterday morning.
Palena Brings -Freight and
Passengers From
Valparaiso.
Steamship Arrives From
Sound Twenty-Four
Hours Late.
SHIPPING BILL
HEADS CALENDAR
WAS ever a woman more the talk
of the hour than Mrs. Edward
Moore Robinsonl There . i3
scarcely a well-known drawing
room where she Is not discussed
and admired. Mrs. Robinson has come
out from Philadelphia with her little boh
to. visit her Bister, Mrs. W. G. Irwin,
bringing with her a retinue of maids and
no end of lovely gowns. Notwithstanding
the fact that this Is tho Lenten' season,
this popular matron is being feted con
stantly. There is scarcely a luncheon or
dinner she will eat privately for some
time to come. And it is not at all sur
prising, for those who know her most in
timately say that her splendid gowns ar«
not to be compared with her goodness
of heart and sweetness of manner— that
Bho has a most lovable nature.
But 1 must say a word about the Paris
creation in which Mrs. Robinson appeared
at Mrs. Kleanor Martin's tea laat week.
I The material was the rlcheat of silken j
j gray velvet cut bo simply but with grace
ful lines that suited the wearer's figure
I to perlectlon, and trimmed with satin
folds edged with cord. The skirt was
that artistic poster style that our best
dressed women are raving about— that
clinging and flaring effect, very close ttt
ting from the hips to the knees, then flur
¦ ing out in swirling flounces. .
Gray is especially enhancing to Mrs.
Robinson's blondo beauty, and she does
not lose eight of this fact In choosing her
wardrobe. At Mrs. Irwln's informal tea
a day or two aj?o she uppeared In a hand
some gray gown with garniture of pink.
Still another pretty gown is of gray
crepo de chine, the bodice and skirt of
which are elaborately trimmed with white
lace embroidered in steel spangles, gradu
ated in size. There Is a deep yoke in the
skirt of this trimming and wide flaring
flounce of it about the feet.
Perhaps tho most artistic and strikingly
original gown is of nhlmmering panne
satin of a pale blue-gray tint. The bodice,
yoke of skirt and trailing flounce have
rare white lace Inserted In a rone pattern
and each petal nnd flower outlined in
"ppalllPteH, the French would call thorn,
but lu tho nverngu American thuy would
in- ln:«t • rlt-Ms gray Requina. Thoro i» a
richness about tho shaded grny npannlrm,
an elegance about lha lace und a Parisian
itir about the ensemble that make» us
wish Mrs. Robinson would wear ihla
K"wn at every function until we aro sa
tiated with its beauty.
That Worth creation which Mn. Robin-
MINERS APPEAL
FOR PROTECTION
Who would think, to seo Miss Edith
Preston nauntorlng gracefully along the
street in her simple tailor gown and hat,
that she is making preparations for that
important ovont, her wedding, , to tako
pined Kafitor Monday? MIsh Proston has
net forgotten this momentous event; that
im just her way of doing things; and
thosifl who know her beat and enjoy her
confidence assert that she really accom
plishes a grout deal of work in that trun
iiuil und caru-freo way of horn. If Miss
Preston looks as beautiful us she did at
lu<r sister's wedding recently sho will be
tho all admired.
SA^LY SHARPS.
Isn't it strange how quickly Cupid for
sakes those he has settled for life and
t-ecms to forget his past triumphs aa ho
speeds away for new hearts to conquer?
l'eople are Haying in the Islands that Cu
pid has left ' Harry Macfarlane and hi*
Lride of last summer, Polly Dunne, to
their own devices. Rumor has it that the
beautiful bride grew tired of .playing
blind man's buff and took occasion to ex
plain the fact to tho groom in words he
could not fall to understand. At any
rate, Mrs. Macfarlane has left Honolulu
fnd gone to her ranch for the preserit,
tired of play. Do not stay too long, mi
lady, for eyes in the tropics are very
brown and deep and dark and velvety,
vvhile the rare moonlight nights bring out
the poetry, especially when a man is a
native of that wonderful clime.
Now that we are on the subject of tho
ball of last week, have any of those dis
cussions be*?n settled yet as to who looked
the best? Mrs. Walter Magee Jr. was cer
tainly a beautiful picture in her costume
as "Night." with a clinging princess gown
t<£ silver spangled net over Dlack chiffon.
On the trailing flounces here and there
were silver owls, moons and stars, heav
ily embroidered. Tiny silver stars dotted
the gauze drapery that fell from one arm.
In one hand she carried a large sliver
crook. The . hair was powdered and
tiprinkled with diamond dust and the hair
ornaments were magnificent diamond
«tars. Perhaps the most "fetching" orna
ment Mrs. Mageo wore was a miniature
incandescent lamp, hidden in the lace on
her bodice. At the desired moment Mrs.
Magee could press a switch In her left
hand, and anon the light would shine out
to the n.ew comer. These light palpita
tions caused no end of merriment to the
inquiring friends and their fair necro
mancer.
black tulle ruchings at the bottom. The
bodice is of the lace over white satin,
with a garniture of turquoise blue panne
velvet. There are shoulder straps and
girdle of rhinestono trellis w.ork.
STORMS DETAIN
CITY OF PUEBLA
ORTHODOX JEWS
PLAN A TEMPLE
United Congregation of
Keneseth Israel Cele
brates.
Addresses of Encouragement
by Many Noted Jewish
Divines.
Congregation Keneseth Israel held a
ceiebratlon yesterday afternoon commem
orating tho consolidation of the two
former congregations, Nevah Zedek and
Beth Menachlm Streisand, and some of
the most noted Jewish divines In Califor
nia were present to voice their wishes of
prosperity to the new organization.
The charter of the new congregation
was received last week, and the members
of the two component organizations were
merged into Keneseth Israel, with head
quarters at the synagogue at 353 Minna
street. It Is the intention of the new con
gregation to construct a handsome new
synagogue, and a lot for that purpose
has been purchased on Rausch street, but
It has been determined that a larger area
will be necessary to accommodate the
proposed building, bo an effort will be
made to secure a parcel of ground adjoin
ing. The new synagogue will bo the chief
worshiping place in this city for the or
thodox Jews.
Dr. J. Voorsanger, pastor of Templo
Kmanu-EI, was the first speaker. His ad
dress was scholarly in the extreme. Ho
congratulated the congregation on its In
tention to erect a house of worship, and
reminded those present that the basts for
such an undertaking must not be for the
Surpose of accommodating a larger mem
ershlp or of securing a more extended
ability to pay its debts, but should be for
the greater devotion to God. Kvery man
tn Israel, he wild, should bo a man of
knowledge, und In the extent of knowl
edge the strength of the new congregation
would lie. Tho lesson to bo learned from
tiil.«< union, he said, was not to acquire a
larger attendance nor to pander to human
grandeur, but to bring tho hearts of men
und women together Tn a fitting placo to
worship God earnestly, honently and
humbly.
Dr. Nlnto. rabbi of Sherlth Israel, had
¦onto plain statement!* to make to the
new congregation, and he made them in
IiIh usual pointed manner. H*> told them
they would havo to bear the tlrst burden
of the cost of their now temple If they
expected to secure outsldo aid for Its
completion. The small giver, if he gave
with a free heart, was as much to bo ex
tolled iih the one who contributed largely.
It mado no difference, he said, to society
at large whether the congregation wor
shiped In a structure built of marblo and
granite, or poured forth Us devotions In
a place where the cublo air ordinance
was violated. What was demanded was
a consistent following of tho ancient
teachings of Judaism and the inculcation
of thesu principles Into the rising genera
tion. When the spirit of this endeavor
became manifest in tho new congregation
It might look to outsiders with confidence
for assistance In providing such accesso
ries as were necessary for carrying out j
these ends.
Dr. Levy, rabbi of Beth Israel, had
words of encouragement for the most or
thodox congregation in the city. He said
he was willing to help secure funds for
the new temple by giving his time and
influence to the cause whenever it should
hecome apparent that the members were
in earnest in their professions. He scored
those who talked of reforming Judaism,
saying that the religion of the Jews was
God-given, and there was nothing in it
that permitted of reform. ¦ The wealthier
Jews, he said, made a. profession of het
erodoxy because such a course was fash
ionable, but for himself, he said, the best
measure of his energies would 'be devoted
gladly to the furtherance of a plan for
securing a fitting place of worship for
those who retained uncorrupted the an
cient doctrines of Judaism.
Dr. Isidore Myers and M. Friedlander
also delivered addresses of congratulation
and encouragement and a generous sum
was pledged by those in attendance for
the furtherance of the building proposi
tion.
POSTOFFiqE WORKERS
WUJCi HAVE AN OUTING
San Francisco Branch No. 8 Will Give
Picnic at Schuetzen on
April 6.
At the last regular meeting of the San
Francisco Branch No. 8, United National
Association of Postofflce Clerks, Presi
dent Michael appointed the following
committee to make necessary arrange
ments for ijs annual outingr and excur
sion: James E. Power, chairman: Robert
L. Apple, treasurer: William E. Murphy.
Jioulrt Derre. Robert Kerrlson, Frank
Schuler. William Morrison. E. E. Sawyer,
Frank Haase. John A. McGee, Joseph
Cone, David Foley and Warren King.
The committee has chosen Schuetzen
Park, San Rafael, as the grounds and
looks forward to a very successful picnic.
8ome valuable Rate, game and ratllo
prizes will be given out.
Bobbed of Five Valuable Rings.
Mm. T. II. Fellow, residing at 1015 Mar
ket street, was robbed oC a purse con
taining flve valuable rings yesterday.
Sho and her husband were out driving,
and while near tho Cliff House tho horHo
becatno unmanageable. 'L'ho couple left
tho buggy and a crowd gathered. Somo
unknown person abstracted th« purse
containing the rlnga from Mrs. Fellow's
pocket during the excitement.
HA N D SO ME LY GOWNED M ATR ON
FROM EAST CHARMS SOCIETY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAECH 10, 1902.
MONDAY, MARCH 10.
Bun rises g : 2Q
Bun sets 6*12
Moon sets 7 :07 p. m.
t3 Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. FL Ft. Ft. I
SLW HW L.W HW
10 15:22 1.4 11:4» B.2 5:47 1.0 "7777 .7777
H W I, W H W L W
11 0:15 5.1 6:09 1.112:33 6.0 6:20 1.4
12 0:47 6.2 6:55 0.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 1.8
13 1:22 6.2 7:4U 0.7 2:28 4.6 7:40 2.2
14 2:01 6.2 8:4(5 0.0 :i:36 4.2 8:40 2.«
15 2:50 5.1 0:52 0.5 4:65 4.1 0:42 2.8
10 3:47| 5.011:05 0.4 «:17 4.1 10:56 3.0
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are riven In the left
Steamer. From. I Hue.
Phoenix Mendoclno City Mar. 10
Argyll New York via Panama. Mar. 10
Mandalay.... Coquille Klver. Mar. 10
Maria. ..;.... Nanalmo Mar. 10
Empire Coos Bay Mar. 10
8. Portland. . C003 Bay Mar. 10
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Mar. 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports... Mar. 10
Meteor Tacoma Mar. 10
Pomona...... Humboldt Mar.lt
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 11
Amer. Ma.ru.. China & Japan Mar. 11
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 11
Lakme Portland & Astoria Mar. 11
Proi?reso Seattle Mar. 11
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 11
Victoria Oomox Mar. 11
Crescent City Crescent City Mar. 11
Pleiades Seattle Mar. 12
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. i»
Konlta Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 12
C. Dollar. . . . <5rayn Harbor Mar. V£
Ooronado. . .. Santa Karburu Mar. 13
Queen Pug't Hound Ports Mar.' la
Kuri-kK Humboldt Mar 18
Spokane Han Diego & Way Ports. Mar. la
Point Arena.. Point Arena Mar. i;<
Hermonthls.. Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. IS
O. W. Elder. Portland & Antorln Mur. 1(1
Huntu Cruz... Han Pedro ft Way Ports. Mar 16
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 17
l^rliinnw. ... N«w York via Panama.. Mar. is
Umnttlla ihiRft Sound Ports Mar. 18
N»«whurK Ban Pedro Mar. 18
Pfilclnn. China & Jit phi Mar. Hi
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. Destination. Bulls. Pier.
Mil roll JO. "~
Ran Pedro. . orays Harbor .... 0 pm Pl«r 3
ISureka.... Humboldt 0 urn Pier U
_. ; March 11.
Pnornlx. ... Mcndoclno City.... 8 pm Pier 13
North Kork Mumboldt H ani Plt>r 2
l»l». ....... jinmburir A Way Pier 27
Hnntatrua Han j>«dro A Way.. » am Pier 11
ninrnh IX
Kmplro.... Coos Hny 12 in PI or III
Kulnlrr.... Heattle A N. What. B »ni PUr 2
Meteor Heattlo ft Turoma.. R pm I'lnr —
HtotnofCal. Run UteKO & Way.. I) um|Plor 11
Pnlciia. .. Valpnralso ft Wny.. Yi 'm|Plar lu
Mnndalay.: C?qu»l« I«w .... 10 am Pier 2
City Puebla PuK't Bound Ports 11 urn Pier u
>Inr«*li 13.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier I)
Inuua Si'ultlo rtlrfct 0 am Plor 2a
O. Mndauei Orays Harbor » pm Pjcr 2
CoronaJo.. (Jniyn Harbor 15 pm Plnr 2
Coptic.....' China & Japan.... l pm PMS3
Murcli 14.
Arcata..... Coos H. * ft. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Czarina.... Seattle it Tacoma.. 0 pm Pier S
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland ill am PUr 2*
jlarcU 3 5. |
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. ...... | 2 pm Pier a
Conlta Newport tt Way Pt» :» am Pier 11
I nitmn Astoria & Portland. Pier —
oWlar.y Orayj^Harbor >>;;.. 5 pm Pier 2
Aro-vii N. Y. via Pttnuma. 2 pm Pier 10
Sueen Pujf^t Round I'orts. 11 am Pier W
Klval. '.'.'.'.'. WUIapa Harhor.... 5 pm Plor 2
March 18.
Newbunr... Grays Harbor fi pm Pier S
Newport. .. Panama A Way PtB 12 m PMS3
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
AlUanco. . . Portland fc Coos Tl Pier —
5
AMUSEMENTS. ,. <
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Tin: Masons triumphant success-
Augustus Thomas" Pwleas American Play,
Tf 'I "- :;
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY.
Next Monday— BLANCHn WALSH In "LA
MADELEINE."
u w Vs/ Hfy*Mr y***^! Q
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
A TREMENDOUS RUN ASSURED.
For the. Hit or the
BOSTOAf/AiVS.
THE
Serenade!
THIRD WEEK— GRKAT *HOW.
SECURE BEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
EVENTFUL VAUDEVILUANS!
PAUL CINQUEVALLI; TROTJBA-
DORS TOULOUSIANS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 0 BLACKBIRDS;
THE AUERS; EVA MUDGE;
BILLY CLIFFORD; THE TEN
NELSONS, AND THE BIOORAPK,
SHOWING PRINCE HENRY'S
RECEPTION.
Jlrservrd Heats. »<•; TUlrony. 10c; Dox
Puts and Optra Chair*. 60c.
MATINEES PATUnDAT AND SUNDAY.
TO-N10HT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
FAREWELL WEEK of
GEORGE OBER
In Gfo. H. rtroadhurrt's Latest Comedy,
The House That Jack Built.
One of the Funniest P!ay» Ever Written.
POPULAR PH1CES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next "Wpfk — MELBOURNE MACDOWELL.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
GRAND REVIVAL.
THE WHITE
C| A \/ T? Bartley Campbell's
OLrtV i-*. Beautiful Play.
•FEE THE OLD SUCCESS ONCE MORE."
Next Sunday Nitrht — HOWARD KYLE, pre-
Eentins on m scale of magnlScence,
"NATHAN HALE."
By Clyde Fitch.
PEATS THURSDAY.
ziL'f M M AT R a^AT
*k *¦*,,¦ a tt • lja i H a » L«* r
Belasco & Thall, M^rs.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Great New York Comefly Success.
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
By the Author of "An American Citizen."
NEW SCENERY— STRONG CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Beats on Sa1« Six Days In Advance.
PRICES I5c, 25c. 35c. EOe. 75c.
Next— "ON AND OFF."
HE LAS CO A"oTnAlCS jri£ityer
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Crea.t Revival of Charlei Dlckcn«\ Immortal
Btory,
OLIVER
TWIST.
A Tremrndout < "« «t — X Hlg J'rodurtlon.
rJUClM— IC\enlnr»«--l«"' ir»c. 2f.r, Z&c, tOe.
M«tlnr«-»— JOi-, lir, 2&C.
Ni:XT MONDAY— jImmy IIHITT aa th»
Howfry lloy In "TOO HOW'UUY
Airrnu imhk."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AKTCKNOON AND BVENXKO.
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL!
V/c.ods and Moss; Jessie Dale; Zoo
Matthews; Hose and Jcaiiettr;
Winchermann's Bears; New Mov-
ing Pictures.
Aquatic Sports on the Lake.
THURSDAY NIGHT
—^HE AMATEURS
R Telephone for ppatu — Park 23.
WrNTERJIRCUTi
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
—Valencia and Fourteenth Sts.—
Entire Change of Bill.
A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OF
SYNDICATED SHOWS.
ETARTLING ARENA FEATS.
GREAT DUXBAR TRIO.
SUPERB TROOP OK TRAINED ANIMALS.
ADMISSION 23 Cts. CHILDREN 10 Cts.
PALACE and ~~j
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels Is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offlces, banks and thea-
tera. Street cars to all parts of tho
r city — depots, ferries and parks-
pats the entrance.
American and European plans.
AMUSEMENTS. '
[Fischers Theatre
IT IT THE
BEGINS SECOND
TO-NIGHT. II WEEK.
THE FRENCH MAID.
A Fjilcndld Chsnite of ihc SONGS, DANCES,
HPEC1AL.TIE3.
Our Popular Prices — Night, 20c nnd 50c.
Matlnr**, Saturday and Hunday, S!ftc to Any
Part of the Theater. Children to the Matl-
N>xt 'Monday Nlfrht— "LITTI^K CimiSTO-
PHKH," the Funniest, Cleverest Musical Bur-
lesque Ever Presented Vpon Any Stage.
Heats now on sale for the next two weeks.
sl^^ RACING
L *2^"^^~~'*>>' ' NVcek Day —
fST Rain or Sblne.
{scW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUd
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 P. xa. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:U0. 1. 1:30. '£, 2:30 and 8 p. in., connecting
with trains stopping; at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
lerry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Sevrnth and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alatneda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteentn
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in flfteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. rn. and immediately after the last i
race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Becy. and Mgr.
KATHARINE FISK
THE FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
"< T \ '<, TO-MORROW NIGHT
And FRIDAY NIGHT."
Matinees Thursday, and Saturday.
Seats — 75c, fl and $1 50, at Sherman, Clay
tc Co.'s.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAKE HAIR PREPARATIONS
Do Hair No Good, but Often Cause It
Many hair preparations aro "fake" be-
cause they aro merely scalp Irritants.
They oft**!! cuuso a drynoss, making the
hair brittle, and, finally, llfolesn. Dan-
druff is tho cause of all troublo with
liiilr. It In a fferm tH«cn8«. Tha ferm
makes cuticle »cul«n as It digs to the
root of tho hair, where It destroys the
lnilr'si vitality, CHUstmr the hair to fall
nut. To cure dandruff the germ must be
killed. "Destroy the cauao. you removo
the effect." Newbro's Herplcido la tho only
hair preparation that kills the dandruff
cerm, thereby leaving the hair to grow
luxuriantly.
AD V EUTT^T.TVTF.TSTTS.
TELEPHONE -r-S^S a&¥TE& '•'
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS ,
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
EGGS, finest table 2 doz. 35a
Every one guaranteed. Reg. 20c doz.
TEA lb. 48c
All our hlgh-grado 50c Teas.
10 different kind*.
OLIVE OIL, L. L. & Co.'s. bot 50c
Reg-. Cue. Imported Italian.
COCOANUT }i-\b. pkg. 15c
Schepp'B. Reg. 20c.
Known as the beat.
LENTILS, German 1% lbs. 25c
Regr. I0c.
ELECTRO SILICON . 4 boxes 25c
Reg. 3 for 25c. Unrivaled polish for
silver and plated ware.
PINEAPPLE, fi a y& tin 15c
Extra Singapore. Regr. 20c.
"4711" SOAP, box of 3 cakes 45c
Transparent Glycerine,
Whit© Rose or Lily of tho Valley.
Reg. 20c cake.
DANDRUFF CURE, bot 49c
Johnson's. Guaranteed to cure or
money refunded. Res. C0c.
BRILLIANT1NE, \3gXf 48c
Rejr. 43c. Imparts luster to beard -or
hair.
CLARET, Ponte Canet doz. qts. $4
Res. $7 CO. J. Mich risen & Cle.. Bor-
deaux. 20 canes only at this pric*.
COGNAC, Flt T u nr d t e . F s'S I n r ce ' bot $1.35
Reg. SI 75. Has ago and quality par
excellence.
MALT WHISKY, JJjpgE bot. 45c:
A medicinal article.
WHISKY, Mellow Rje.
A high, grads blend of old whbklcs.
Reg. it bot. 7Cc.
3 bots. »iS.
Reg. 14 gallon, 93.
GASL1G1ITLR, Including box of pis
tapers, re;. 35c, 25c
DUSTPAN AND BRUSH, 25c
Reg. 25c.
LIGHTNING EGGBEATER, ft* We
Smoke ARAGONA or VELAS-
QUEZ Clear Havana Cigars. Nona
better.
If early everybody seems to be taking Prof. Man'
/on's uald Care whenever a cold appears. It -
relieves the head, nose, throat and lungs to quidcly
that a cold need no longer be a forerunner of jrippe,
diphtheria or pceumonia. A vial of the Cold Cure
is like a life insurance policy. Every one of his
remedies U an sure. Mostly 25c. rial. Guide to
Heal'h free. RJnmwB. Nrw YorV and Philadelphia.
®HW, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLH
have been In usa«over fifty;
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th*
worst cases In old and younc
arising from effects of seir-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lam» Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, rrnntness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, mm* Vartcowte- or con-
stipation. Stop Ner *J IJ yous Twltchtoyof
Eyelids, Effects are £Z,2Z m Immediate. Im-
part vi*-or and pote CMT> ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a curs Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. StlnauUU
the brain and nerve centers: OOo a dot; 0 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to ear* or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 4O Bills St.,
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DHUO CO., M
and 40 Third street.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat#
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
\ ,Cf T1 >a Larrett Anatomical Mumob In the \
O aflri' World, toaaknnwt w iny e*iu»ctc4 J
Z. SaCH *n«e M>'U»lynrWk T Uie<MMI f
O / 3t [ I Sp«eUlUt oa ttte Cmsl Etc. j» yuri. Q
A fl*3f A OR. J3RBAN-DISEA3SS OF MEM A
\ f ffv-^ M CotmlutUn r>e« aaa MrtctJ* pt\nxa. \
§ I Tiwll Treatment p'uorully *t br 1ett«r. A 4
rlfl I PttiU** C-urt in ciary cai«ua J.rtiisn. ¥
ktn I A Wrft9f.rBo.it. rsMI.O««rs|Y.r A
T * II ] ." MJk.nniA.titc. mailso rnxn, (\f
A I* l» T«!iiaWla b»ok fot mm) \
V B& JOBDUf 4t CO.. 1051 MarkstMt.a W. f
HdIhbS nf be! uToH
la 4i r I ' I SB IrM A*SH
W. T. HESS,
NOTART P0BM0 AND ATTOBNIT-AT-LAir.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Cl.tui Sprockets Bids,
Telephone Main 0&J.
Residence. 831 CallfornU St.. below Powall.
Residence Telephone. Jamea 13OJ.
H In the night— the passing of the swift and luxurious
|I gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
|g San Francisco to Chicago in three daysJEFFRIES COMES
TO AWAIT BIDS
JUVENILES PUT
FAST TENNIS
Excite Unusual Interest
on Golden Gate
Park Courts.
The second of the tennis tournaments
for juvenile players was not finished yes-
VARI0U5 PHASES OF SPORT FURNISH ENJOYNMENT TO DEVOTEES
The Golden Gate Gun Club held its
regular monthly handicap bluerock shoot
Referee Decides Fred
Feudner and Forster
a Tie.
GUNMEN DISPUTE
A CLOSE SCORE
'D. Walsh's white and fawn greyhound
Sacramento Boy proved the victor over D.
Defeats Sisquoc inSpecial
Courses at Union
: Park.
SACRAMENTO BOY
IS THE VICTOR
Up to and Including March 6 the New
California Jockey Club has distributed
California Jockey Club
Gives Thousands
to Owners.
MORRIS STABLE
HEADS THE LIST
SOME WELL-KNOWN RIFLEHEN CAUGHT IN CHARACTERISTIC POSES YESTERDAY AT SHELL MOUND RANGE.
Shah Ashre* of Persia was left-handed
erjd had a special saber, made to suit this
peculiarity.
¦
Every day, during March and April the Santa
Fe will sell one way tickets from Boston," New
York, Philadelphia, Washington, ' Pittsburs
Cincinnati, Buffalo, Chicago, Kansas City st
Louis and all other points in the East at the
lowest rates ever made one way to the . Pacific
Co&st. r If you have friends • io come ' put your
money in the -hands of any Santa. Fe Agent
who will arrans* f O r the trip.
Cheap Kates to California.
Ff teen teams of bowlers meet to-night
in the American alley. In a special tourna
ment. Three prizes are offered for the
competition. The teams entered are as fol
lows:, •
¦'" Hamilton and Dcinke; Hegen r and Ettinger*
Gonzales and • Kilmer; Burn and Heffernan:
Mayer and i Smith: . Crawford . and ¦ Mlnott:
Reeves and .' Colonel ' Crawford •,. Gantner and
Lowney;.; Dowllne and Kenzte: w Simpson and
Jackson ; Muller and Du Py;. White and Clin
ton ; Blondin and Pike ; Augirre ' and . Parlso tt :
Loesell and Toman.
Bowlers in Tournament.
. OAKLAND, March 9.— First prize in the
final of the Coquelicot Tennis Club's open
tournament was won to-day by William T.
Frost. Those who contested to-day, were
Frost. E. M. Otis, C. Delaney, H.-H.-Ho
gan, the 'respective ' class winners ; '. The
scores were as follows:. -
Frost defeated ¦ Delaney, handicap "U of
30." 6-0,-6-2, 6-2. . ¦ . -.-'¦.*
Otis defeated Hogan, handicap "% ¦ of 30,"
6-2. ¦ 6-2, ™ 6-1. ' - . ¦ . • . .
Frost defeated 'Otis, handicap "15," 6-0 ' 3-6
6-3. 6-2. . V. .°'
Coquelicot Club Tournament.
NEW YORK, March 9.— William C.
Whitney's crack filly, Endurance , by
Right, is. ill at Mr. Whitney's farm,
Westbury, LV. I., with . influenza. 4 While
the' aliment Is not considered serious in
the case of this, high-class, filly there Is
some concern over her condition.
Endurance By Bdglit Is 111.
The Empire Gun Club opened Its season
of blue rock shooting yesterday at Ala
meda Point. There was a large attend
ance,'but it was found impossible to do
more than preliminary practice shooting.
The recent rains rendered It Impossible to
keep the trenches sufficiently dry to carry
out the entire programme. The regular
events were postponed until the 23d inst.
The following scores were made in ten
bird matches:
' Webb 7. 10. 0, 8. 8, 8, 8, 8? 8; Frank 6 8
4, 4; L. Baird U. 7. 7; Fish 3 8, 4? 7 6 ' «
8. C. f.; Cullen «. 8, ?»; William Ireland 7 i
«. 8. 5. 6; J. "B. Hauer 7, 8. 7. 7. 5, 8; Swales
O, ». 8. «. B, 0. 7. fl; Reed 4, 10, SB 6 S"
L«po!<3s 4. 4, 4, «, 7, 7, 6. fl; Juster 5* 7 9'
8, 0; Walker 0; Harrison C, 5 7 6 7- Lpvpi'i
8. 7. *; Frank Howlett 8. 6,' 8, 10 6 7 V
Allen 7, C, 7; Searles 10, 9 » 9 •"•''"'
Twenty-flve-blrd pool— Levell 19, Harrison
17. Searles 17. Hauer 21. Fish 19. Juster 15.
Jones 14,. Webb 2.5, Swales 21. Ireland 1«
Baird 12, Reed 19. Webb wa* 'high £?„ in
this event and won first money. $4 50. Hauer
and -Swales, beta* tie - for second money, di
vided (4 60.
Empire Club Shoot.
BERKELEY, March 9.-Three baseball
games are scheduled to take place on the
University. of California diamond during
the coming week. To-morrow afternoon
at 4 o'clock the alumni will meet the reg
ular nine. As the old ball tossers will
have Moskiman and Smith for the bat
tery they expect to play a better, game
against the varsity than they did last
week, when a big score was made against
them.
On Wednesday afternoon at 4 o'clock
the annual game between members of the*
university faculty and the Skull and Keys
Society will be played. In this contest
the players will be costumed according, to
a long-set custom. The game always at
tracts large crowds.
''¦ On Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock the
varsity will, play the Olympic Club.
Baseball, at Berkeley.
A meeting of the Automobile Club of
California ' was held yesterday at Cliff
House. Luncheon was served in, the larRe
reception room. The members discussed
the question of securing: additional privi
leges for the chauffeurs of this city. Pres
ident F. A. Hyde stated that the reck 7
lessness or misconduct of one or two auto
mobilists would prejudice the minds of tha
public and of the Commissioners of Golden
Gate Park against the self-propelled car
riage and would indefinitely postpone the
granting of further privileges. • .
A design consisting. of a winged bear
surrounded by the words "Automobile
Club of California" was exhibited, and
may be adopted as the badge to be worn
on the cap of memtfers.
The following automobilists attended the
meeting: P. A. Hyde, president of the
Automobile Club; R. C.-Lehnle and wife,
Joseph llolle and Ej. Matthews, T. J. Hen
derson and wife, Dr J. Barbat . and F:
Sargent, Dr. Fred Rclnhart and Oliver
Llpplncott, J. Dalzoll Brown and •wife,
Miles T. Baird and wife, and several other
chauffeurs were out in their machines for
spins. . ,
Automobilists Seek Privileges.
CONTESTANTS. ' 200 j 3<K> [ SCO '
Captain Nippert 37 13 12
Lieutenant Varney, 20 15 13
Sergeant Ea«m 21 '21 15
Sergfant Homer „ 17 J4 17
Sergeant Millican IS 14 . 37
Corporal . O'Connor. ........ 18 ]l »
Corporal Schloes '£\ Jl j:-{
Corporal Schwlnn . ... »» j(j 5
Corpcr&l Locke _ 15 17 \\
C H. Jensen 6 2 14
M. C. Bose 17 7" 7
H. H. Hlldebrand in « 10
E. R. Sablatscben 11 13 8
C W. Ridgway........... 7 0 0
L. Guerin 2X 1» 20
P. J. Boyens 17 13 4. ¦
TV. H. Rantt 1 17 i» i 8
G. H. Smith 19 13 g
li. C. Anderson 15 11 13
B. Gordon 4 12 6
WTJ W. Jones.............. 17 ft 4
A. M. Samuels 16 13 2
G. W. Brtttson « 5 0
C. A. Morris 5 0 4
\V. Vanna 3 1. 3 ; 0
H. Marsan 0 0 3
A. C. Lein 16 ' 5 4
L. L. Llewellyn.... 18 ltt 0
G. Gemballa 23 10 2
J. Bickford 20 22 21
A. H. Irving 24 20 22
G. C. Homer .10 8 tf
•Battery D.- First Artillery. National Guard
of California— A. Kamer 17, G. W. Kuehn 19
A. Brooks 22, C. 3. Muad 22, C. Munion 19
Captain T. J. Cunningham 23, j. r. Castro 19
F. V. Keeeling- 14 L. J. Reubold 25, C. C.
Ptory 13, F. X. Turton 24, L. Blot 10 L.
Hacoulliard 10. W. Brldgeman 16, H. K.*De
jianKher 21, E. A. Shepard 16, L Cavasso C
. A « *£"??,?*. 10 \ A « nnnen 18 > «•' f. Derninr
20. R Dellwl* 15. II. O. Belize 15, R. Pe
razzo 17. J. P. Whitney 18, Corporal kelly 15,
Corporal Montroe* 0, J. Ilersey 16, R. Heigh
3 0. Muntcian Wilson 10, W. Bryan 15, J. Lane
1!». TV'. Thomas 18. D. C. Brown 20. J. Laun
Ifi, B. Clark 17, Corporal Johnson 22. J Berry
11. T. Flynn 9. F. Brush 17, A. Anderson 14.
II. Henry 17, P. Bromberjer 17, A. Broden JO.
K«rseant Kftnp 19. O. C. Nutting 24.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot
S-reear.t O. W. Mitchell 41. F. Schohay 34 M
l^srto S3, C. Schneider 85, C. Iverson 2C H*
Marzolf :n, A. Dietrich 13, C. II. Kornbcck 3«
I>r. XV. A. HrWr&Wrku 37. H. Gaetjen 35
Fan Krancifco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, A. P«pe 441; first
«-la*g, ' John Gefken, 400; neccnd class Otto
I,»>mcke, 405: third class. Captain John Thod*.
::v3: fourth class, H»nry Mejvr, ST«; beat first
?¦¦hot. Captain John Tliodo, 2."; b»st last shot
F. HojimI. 25.
Nonifioutschfr Rchuetzen Club, monthly
buUacy* thont— D. Palneld .".<50. K. C. Rust 483
II. Mej-cr MO, F. P.- Schu*!*r T.4S. J. Grfken
<:<:0. XV. Oartn* <;»«. J. <!<? Wit 7<M H. lluber
MO, F. Koch 891. VP. C. Morken 000, A
Moflter 10»)4. L. X. Itlt7.au 1109.
Ooidcn Gate Rifle Pistol Club, monthly
ir.eOal fhool, rifle, handirati — W. F H!ar^»
VXK. IWi. 21*; M. F. Blame 2W, 213; A. Gehr*t
fix. 222. 221': W. G. Hoffmann 224, 'J19. Oold
ir.crtal— F. ¦ K." Mason 2:!*. 227: J. F. Brldwt
:?C0. Silver mpda! — A. Thcd« 15H. 182" O
Brrrncr 20», SOS. GilmJerrraun trnpbv M f'
r»!nsr<> 211. F. K. Mas=cn 2%. W. G. Hoffmann
2<0. A. Gohr* 220. Revolver laadlcp-™™
Gorman !>0. Kit. SO: F. S. Wasfcburn SS 87'fc.V
3. W. Tonu»kins 79, 78. 73: .1. KnJlmarri 7»'
PiFtol handicap — J. E. Gorman 33 02- F s'
Waehburn M. 82. '-M, K2; M. F. B!a«»'<M ' rV
73; .7. Kul!vn3nn S2, fi2 ¦ 7(i;' W.. F B1s«sp Kl'
M. s.2; C. O. Wheeler 78. *>'a-5e o.>.
Cei-manla Sehuetzen Club, monthly medal
Fhoot — Tlrft champion class,' F. E. Maton 227
2'#>; «-con4 champion class. O nremer ""V
VA2: first. clays. J. Gcfken 215: 5*con.l claw
O. H. Bahns 204: Vr'.rA class. J. BewU!«>r lSl
best fitrt shot. H. Hvber 2+: h?et Ian shot
F. E. Mason ?ri. • .
J. Harlow and T. Leach... 21 21 18 16 21
J. Riordan and R. Murphy.. 13 14 21 21 20
T. J. Mullen and H. Lederer.21 21 20 10 21
I)r. W. .Meyer and A. Elberg.18 19 €1 21 20
T. J.' Mullen and H. Lederer.21 21- 20 ' 10 21
Dr. W. Meyer and A. Elbergr.18 10 21 21 20
F". Smith and TV. Johnson... 21 13 21 15 21
a. Green and J. Fairbanks.. 12 21 11 21 10
W. Kavanaueh and J. Brady... 21 21 18 21
H. H. Lissner and Martin LeveylO 15 21 17
T. Serre« and J. Flynn .21 16 21 20 21
E. White and W. Mitchell.. 14 21 18 21 19
M. Levy and P. Basch.. ...........21 21 21
D. O'Brien and M. Berwln.... 16 14 17
G. ' Hutchinson and P. Hdtchin
son ..21 18 21 21
W. Kelly and Al Pennoyer 13 21 15 20
The handball games • at San Francisco
court yesterday resulted as follows:
E. Barry and P. Talo ...'.21 15 21 21
D. Resran and M. Klrby... 18 21 16 10
Handball Matches.
Several Craft Driven on the Mud by
Recent Storms Are "Hedged"
Off Into Deep Water.
As the day for raising the bridge at Tlb
uron approaches the yacht owners of Co
rinthian Tact Club are beginning to work
upon their boats. The recent storms
caused several of the yachts to drag their
moorings and drove them hard upon the
mud flats bordering the lagoon. At high
tide yesterday the yawls Spray and Frolic
and the sloops Aeolus and Merope were
kedged off'" into water deep enough .to
float them comfortably. The big sloop
Rover is still hard' and fast on the mud
and .will remain there until a higher tide
affords an opportunity to try and pull her
off. »
As the owners are late In beginning the
work of fitting up their craft for the rap
idly approaching season, they will have to
work hard for the next few weeks to get
ready for the opening day. It is probable
the drawbridge into the lagoon will be
raised on the evening of Saturday, March
22, to get the arks which have been in the
lagoon during the winter out into the
cove. If this is done some of the yachts
will take the opportunity of coming out
of the lagoon at the same time.
The challenger launched on Saturday
at Folsom-street wharf No. 2 is now lying
off the San Francisco Yacht Club house
at Sausalito. The , work of rigging her
hull will at once begin, the contract hav
ing been taken by Lang, the boatkeeper
of the club.
TIBURON YACHTSMEN
SPEND A BUSY DAY
Park and Beach. Thronged — San
O ? Callaghan GivesThrilling Horse
manship Exhibition at Cliff.
The air was keen and bracing at the
| park and cliff yesterday, but not cold
1 enoug-hto mar the warmth of the sun
shine. Probably the largest crowd seen
at the ocean side this year was In evi
dence, swarming over the beach and flll
ir.g the Cliff House and Sutro's Pavilion.
At the park the crowd was large and
the weather perfection. The drive was
cne of the largest seen there in many
mcnths. The street railways were taxed
t» their utmost, every car being packed
to the steps. The tennis courts a tforded
amusement to many.
An exhibition of horse-handling by Dan
O'Callaghan was the principal event of
interest at the cliff. Several hundred
people expressed their approval of the
show by encoring Mr. O'Callaghan. He
was assisted by several policemen, an ex
cited equestrian, who thought he knew
tiK much about horses as Dan did, and as
many onlookers as could break into the
ring. The trouble occurred just off the
back piazza of the Cliff House. The horse
won.
Dan drove up behind his 2:20 pacer and
found a friend struggling with a balking
trotter. The animal was of swell ap
pearance, but it didn't care to j move, ex
cept with a backward and forward see
saw motion very dangerous on the slope.
Dan qulckry turned his own horse over to
a groom and came to the rescue. Horses
will do anything for him— except go. He
made his friend get out of the pneumatic
tired buggy and he himself got up behind
the plunging brute.
Ladles screamed and the policemen
side-stepped. The man behind the heels
ret his teeth and grasped the whip. Only
the horse looked happy.
"Gimme a gin liz," said Dan, as the
buggy went clattering backwards Into the
main hallway of the Cliff House, with the
frolicking horse close up, and the waiter
came running out, while the crowd that
had melted to make a lane began to close
in again. Before the tamer could get his
order filled the horse was trying to climb
the bluff, in front of the heights like a
coat. Then he did a waltz, sat down for
a moment and, rising, set his fore feet
and walttd.
• The show lasted half an hour, with' an
imminent prospect each minute of the
horse or Dan receiving a broken neck.
A hostler led the animal to the sheds.
It looked back and flapped one ear at a
tall man in a gray ulster, who was lead-
Ing a large crowd Into the depths of the
Cliff House. ,; .-• '
"Bay, Dan. that horse of yours Is a
pretty bad one, Isn't he? Why don't you
invest in something that will take you
home after it bring* you out here?"
The late arrival got no reply to his re
mark. He was no? even asked to take a
drink, and he went out in front to hear
the sea lions bark.
PERFECT WEATHER DRAWS
GB.EAT CIIOWD OCEANWABD
AS usual on the second Sundays of
the month there was a large at
tendance of marksmen yesterday
at Shell Mound rifle ranges. The
weather was clear and the air
perfectly calm, affording the shooters
every opportunity to show what they
could do. The scores in general were
Kood, In some cases much better than
the average.
L. J. Reubold of Battery D, First Ar
tillery, Xational Guard of California, hit
the bullseye five times In succession with
the rifle at 200 yards. G. C. Xutting of
the same organization was a cloBe second
with 21. A. H. Irving of Battery A
scored 24, 2i) and 22, respectively, on the
200. 300 ar.d oOO yard targets.
The other clubs present were the Ger
mania Sehuetzen Club, San Francisco
Schuetzen Yerein, ?Jorddeutscher Schuet
zen Club, Independent Rifles and the
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club.
The days scores were as follows:
Battery A, First Artillery. XaUonal Guard
cf California, monthly medal shoot:
National Guardsman Is
Effective at Two Hun
dred Yards.
REUBOLD SCORES
FIVE BULLSEYES
COCKS BATTLE
NEAR A PRISON
$307,800. Among owners whose horses
have contested for stakes and purses at
the track across the bay the stable of
Green B. Morris heads the list, with
$25,430 to its credit. To this sum must be
added the $150© won by Artvis, when that
colt captured the Bell stake on Saturday.
Thus it will be seen that notwithstand
ing an occasional "kick," the veteran
trainer should have no regrets for com
ln*T out to California during the winter
season. Compare the winnings at Oakland
with those at New Orleans, and It is like
purchasing a ticket for the concert at
.the conclusion of the show In the big
tent. From the inception of the racing
season In November no purse offered has
been less than $400. If owners are not in
good condition financially, they have no
body to blame but themselves. Following
is a list of stables that have won more
than $1000:
a. B. Morris f 25, 430 Matt Storn .... 1.040
Burns Jk Water- J. McOovera .. 1,3.55
house 18.7C0 George Miller... 1,310
Caenar Young... 17,825 George W. Miller 1,005
W. U Jennings F. W. Doss 1.S75
& Co 14,080 P. Howley 1,875
K. J. Baldwin Dan CKeefe. ... l.f>75
, & Co «.«T,0 Mrs. P. E. Jones 1.775
James Coffey.... «,65O K. K. Kdwarda. 1,735
W. H. Ketche- H. I* Jones.... 1,700
man 6.11." J. \V. O'Neal &
J. F. Schorr.... 6,04.'. Co 1,650
C. Llnd 6,300 Ray Wilson .... 1,625
H. K. Kowell... 6,370 II. L. Frank.... 1.C20
P R>an S.lSO p. D. Weir 1,603
Kzell & Lazarus 4,8U0 Curl & Co 1,573
J. O. Brown & Mallowmot Stock
Co 4.7C0 Farm l,M0
J. P. At kin.... 4.4SO John Weber ... 1.310
B. Sohrelber.... 4.1E5 H. I. Wilson... 1,490
O. Summers & T. T. Rector.... 1,475
Co 4,105 J. Conway 1,430
J. If. Crane 4,145 D. C. McCarty.. 1,450
Chlnn & For- K. Lannlgan ... 1,423
sythe 4,020 J. U Clayton it
J. Gibson 3.8.S5 Co 1,350
R. A. Smith... 3..100 Montana Stables 1,325
T. II. Steven*.. S.2O5 M. J. Daly 1,250
C. T. Boots..... 3,060 P. Moore & Co. 1,250
W. P. Magrane. 2,950 W. C. de B. .
D. Cameron ... 2,910 Lopez 1,205
S. McNaughton. 2,075 J. H. Rothert.. 1,180
P. McGulre .... 2,810 A. J. Stemler &
T.H.Ryan 2,730 Co... 1.175
W. M. Rogers.. 2.6»0 W.lB. Sink Jr. . 1,130
J. C. Nealon.... 2.650 Nichols & Bow-
J. Gardner .... 2,600 ley 1,075
J. Burrows 2,805 W. E. Applegate 1,055
G. W. Snider & C. J. Foy 1,050
Co 2,480 C. O. Ray 1,030
A. B. Spreckels. 2,325 George Webb... 1,02ft
L.. V. Bell 2,290 S. Judge 1,025
James Wilson.. 2.275 Burlingame Stock
G. W. Baldwin. 2,015 Farm 1,020
Following are the weights allotted for
the Bennings handicap, over seven fur
longs, to be run at the Bennings meeting;
Unmasked. 5 120 Price 3 103
Charentus, a 121 Red Damsel, 3 102
Red Path. 5 119 Annoy. 5 102
King Barleycorn. 6.110 Essene, 3 101
Pigeon Post, 4 117 Sllddell, 3 101
Boney Boy, 6 117 Man o* War, 3 100
Invasion, 5 116 Biff, 4 .100
Speedmas, 6 115 Panther, S 100
Margraviate, 4 111 Browndale, 4 100
Termless, 4 112 Rightaway, 3 ......100
Merriment. 3 Ill Sir Solomon. 3 99
Ohnet. 5 10ft Konsoluca, 3 99
The Hoyden, 3 1C9 Maru, .1 8S
Flintlock. 3 108 Lady Godiva. 3 98
Cormorant, 6 IOC Himself, 4 96
Happy, 3 ..10C Greek Dollar, 3 96
Hampshire. 4 104 Caithness 3 95
Carrington, 3 104 Frank Morrison, 4.. 95'
Trump. 3 103 Bastile. 5 95
The entries for this afternoon's events
are as follows:
First race — Futurity course; selling; four
yenr-olds and upward:
3401 Onyx 110 3405 Lomond 113
3388 Alturas 110 3377 H. Thatcher.. 110
3405 Burdock 110 3404 Urchin 115
3405 Kl Rey 106 33S3 Intrada 104
3401 Little Gun.. ..101 3405 Cath. Bravo. .104
3339 La Calma 104 3307 Casdale 110
3383 Pupil 110
Second race— Six furlongs; selling: three
year-olds and upward: .
3400 B. Bohmans'n.102 3377 Irate 100
3412 Invictus 102 3227 Our Lizzie.. ..109
3396 M. >Hildreth..lOC 3341 Scallywag ...102
3405 Talma- 105 3406 Clarando 103
S539 El Mldo 105
i
Third race — Three and a half furlongs;
purse; two-year-olds:
(3342)T. Mitchell.. .108 3379 Oroslus 106
Donaml 10C 3385 Hudson Ill
(3329)NIgrette 108 Dutch Pr*cess.lO3
Dug Martin.. .106 3379 Discharged ..103
(3072) Bell Reed.... Ill .... Katanga 103
(3379)Delsegno Ill " —
Unlawful Contests Are
Held in San Quen
tin Barn. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, March 9.— Even though
cock-flghting is supposed to be an obso
lete pastime here and although there is a
stringent State law forbidding such sport,
thirteen different contests were pulled oft
in this county to-day.* These events were
witnessed by fully 300 spectators and not
only did the several birds fight to gain
valuable prizes for their owners, but a
great deal of money changed hands at
the betting 1 ring.
There was no police Interference. Many
prominent San Francisco sporting peopla
were present, as well as several Marin
County officials and Sacramento citizens.
Birds from Oakland, San Francisco and
Sacramenta were pitted against each
other. The combats took place in a barn
within about one hundred yards of the
North Pacific Coast Railroad and less
than a quarter of a mile from San Quen
tln Prison.
The matter was kept quiet until yester
day, although for many months the own
era of two of the best rated birds in the
State have been trying to pull oft a main
Various places were suggested, but finally
the neighborhood of San Quentin was de
cided upon. All arrangements » were per
fected for a regular cock-fighting car
nival.
This morning a large crowd went over 1
from San Francisco. Stages met the i
visitors at Greenbrae, conveyed thenv*
through the State Prison grounds to the
amphitheater a short distance beyond and
at 1 p. m. the first main was started
From that time until after 5 o'clock thorl
oughbred cocks were matched, money was
bet and birds were slaughtered to the de
light of the spectators.
The chief event of the carnival was the
main between Kenilworth of Sacramento
and Lucky Shot of Oakland for a
purse. After a vicious contest Kenil
worth drove his long steel gaff clear
through his opponent's head, thus ending
the match.
Sheriff Taylor to-night asserted that he
was In absolute Ignorance of the affair or
most certainly would not have permitted
It. He further stated that there will be no
F e £. UI 7. en . ce ot an y such brutality In his
jurisdiction.
Jewish Juvenile Carnival.
A Juvenile fancy dress carnival and
vaudeville entertainment is to be riven
on Sunday, March 23. at Golden Gate Hall
un . e «, tne aus Plces of th« Willing Work
ers Club. The Rev. Dr. Isadore Myers
and a committee of the club are makinsr
preparations for the carnival, which Is to
be given In old-fashioned Jewish style.
Fourth race — Six and a half furlongs; sell
ing; four-year-olds and upward:
(337S)Mlsslon 10S 3398 Dorian 105
3400 Gusto ; Ill 3409 True Blue. ...108
3399 Dunblane ....111 8376 Impromptu ..108
Fifth race — Mile and a sixteenth; selling;
four-year-olds and upward: V
3388 The Gaffer... 80|(S404)L'dy Medl'smelOl
3.197 Billy Lyons... 99 (3339)Kllgar 109
3406 Gr'd Sachem. .1031 3403 Sea Lion 106
Stxth race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
(3400)Horton 1031 3306 Bassenzo 04
3374 Waterscratch S3 8381 Klckumbob .. 06
8301 Educate ..... Oil 8376 Wyoming ....108
Selections for To-Day.
First race — La Calmm, Pupil, El Rey.
Second race — Irate, Our Lizzie, Bill Bohman
son.
Third race — Bell Reed, Nlgrette, Tarn
Mitchell.
Fourth race — Dunblane, ' True Blue, Im
promptu.
' Fifth race — Lady Meddlesome, Grand Sachem,
Nllgar.
Sixth race— Horton, Waterscratch, "Wyoming.
Would as Soon Fight as Eat.
August. Beisel unwittingly started a
"rough house" in his room at 328 Third
street yesterday morning when he re
fused to divide his breakfast with a
quartet of callers. His visitors resented
the lack of hospitality by assaulting him
and the landlady. Mrs. Katie Rosenber"
and a fellow-roomer named Ferry camp tn
his assistance. During the aUrring time
that ensued Mrs. Rosenberg was seVerely
kicked, and the male portion of th» de
fending force was badly battered un
Officers Winzler and Tracy arrived in
time to catch Thomas Carroll and Pat
Brady, two of the unbidden guests but
the other two escaped, clrroll was
charged with assault with a dea^ty
weapon and Brady with disturbing the
Dea.ce. - °
yesterday at Ingleslde grounds. The
shooting for one of the Olympic cups,
confined to members of the old Olympic
Gun Cub, was. a feature of the day at
the traps. In addition to the interest In
the event a sullen argument as to a cor
rect decision was indulged In by Fred
Fcudner, who claimed 43 kills against 42
for Forster. The referee decided Feudm'r
had but 42 kills, which decision made it
a tie between the two men. Street, who
kept the score, had Fcudner officially
credited with 43, and Feiidner and many
others were positive that he, Feudner,
had that many to his credit.
Members of the club tried" to induce
Feudner to agree to the score a» correct
ed. So positive' was he that the score and
hlH own count agreed that it wa« Home
time before he could be induced to con
sent, under persuasion, to shoot It off
with Forster at the next monthly meet
ing, on the second , Sunday in April.
Street, who kept the score, made strong
proteat agalnut the want of system on
the grounds. It applied to the habit of
thundering ciuefttioiis at the score keeper,
ami otherwise interfering with him at
tlm<» when lie should be left entirely to
lila olllriiil duties. Whatever interference
or interruption there might »be at these
matches it Is quite evident Feudner's
count and the figure* of the Bcore keeper ,
agreed. Feudner was at first marked
with a score of 43. The incident left an
unsatisfactory impression.
Following were the day's scores;
Club Bhoot, 25 birds 1 ;,
O, Feudner 11111111011 11111110111011— 22
Nauman 1111111110111111111011111—23
llalKht looilllouoioiUOlUlllll— 19
Golcher 11J11H1011110U111111111 — 1KJ
K. Forster..: 1110101O1101O111111111111 — 20
Bekeart O0111111111O10O1111101111 — 19
F; Feudner, 1101011111101011111110111—20
King 1101110011110101111110111— ltf
Slade 1111011111111101110110111— 2L
ICerrlson 1011110010101011111111111—19
Sweeney 1111101001010111101100111—17
Neustadter .1001110111111111111111111 — 22
Dr. Derby 1111111001111111111110111 — 22
Mijrdock 1111111111110111000111110 — 2i>
Eugene Foreter. ..0110010101111111111011111 — 19
Shields 1111011011111000111001111— IS
Urake 0100111001101101110110011—16
McMahon U001110U10110100111U11— 18
Gould 0101011011101110011011111—17
Wands U01111110101100U1110110 — 18
Donohoe 1111111111001101011011101 — la
Cup event, flrty targets — Otto Feudner SO,
Fred Feudner 42. AV. Golcher iiO, E. Forster
42, C. Haigrht 35, F. King -38. Dr. Derby 3S,
Slade 89, Neustadter 41, A. M. Shields 35, C.
C. McMahon 38,- C. Nauman 44, J^-Sweeney 39,
A. R. Jackson 37. The latter three shot for
birds only, being; non-members of the Club.
Several pool and practice shoots at twenty
five targets each resulted as follows: O. Feud
ner 2.'5, Nauman 22, A. R. Jackson 12, Haight
1».. Golcher 18, Bekeart 22. Shields 19, F.
Feudner 17, King 17, Derby 17, Kerrison 22,
Iverson 23, McMahon 18, Neustadter 21, Zaner
21, Sweeney 18, Gould 15, McMurchy 22, For
ster 21, Wattles 18." Drake 10, F. Feudner 22,
Derby 18, O. Feudner 21, Feudner 16, "Wattles
17, Shields 17, "Wagner 7 Iverson 20, Jackson
19, McMurchy 2.'5, Xauman 23, Robinson 22,
Sylvester 21, King 20, O.. Feudner 2.". Iver
son 17, Wattles 16 Derby 13, McMahon 21.
O. Feudner 23. Derby 20, King 23. Donohoa
12, King 21, Shields 19, Zelner 21. Iverson 1C,
Nauman 25, King 15, O. Feudner 2.1, Haight
IS, Iverson 20.
¦ During the day Nauman won eight sil
ver bars. E. Forster and Robinson one
bar, Fred Feudner two, Otto . Feudner
two, Bekeart one and Iverson one. Nau
man and Otto Feudner each won a gold
bar. . . • - ¦
Kid McFadden and "Spider" Welch
Will Meet in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March K.-The Reliance
Athletic Club officials announced to-day
the card of boxing events for the even
lug of the 25th lnst. "Kid" McFadden will
meet "Spider" Joe Welch in a fiftet'n
round contest . for the featherweight
championship of the Pacific Coa«t. The
men will meet at 120 pounds, ringside
weight. This fight promises to be a good
one. Jt means the winner will be able
to make several good matches this sea
son, and each man is anxious to be de
clared the victor.
Frank George of Kay City Athletic
Club will meet Will Bevert of Reliance
Club in a ten-round content at 135 pounds.
Cyclone Kelly will go .six rounds with
Billy Woods, the Lob Angeles colored
fighter. These men will nght at 155
pounds.
This is a strong list of fights, and will
recompense for the poor contests of Fri
day night.
KELIANCE CLUB BOXING.
arrived yesterday from Chicago. The
champion and his brother did. not come
to this city. They' left the train at Port
Costa and went direct to Los Angeles.
After spending a few days with their
relatives In the south they will return
to this city to await the opening of bids
.for the proposed . championship right be
tween Jeffries and l'*iizslrmnon.«.
The bids ars to be submitted in dupli
cate and will be opened simultaneously
in this city and in New York on the ]*>th
him. . It neem« generally conceded the
heavyweights will meet in this city early
in Way.
Sport promoters of Los Angele* and
come i.-Hles In the Northwest have hIkjiI
ned their Intention of bidding, but the
targest returns could undoubtedly bo ie
cured in thi« city.
Jeffrleg Ik reported lit to undergo a xt
vere countc of training. Fitzslmmons
baa already commenced taking light ex
¦ it !*'- In anticipation of hi? attempt to
regain the championship. H<« will be
trained for his light by George Dawnon,
once a noted boxer.
terday on the park courts. Four boys are
still left to .play, for .the prizes. Dodge
reached the finals and Marr the semi
finals. The winner of the match between
Griffin and B, McFarland will play Marr.
Sixteen boys entered and the handicap
ping was .good, all the. matches being
close. Following is a summary of the
play up to date:
A. McFarland beat B, Sauii'lern, 0-.'5; R, Page
i 1 .- 15) beat llull.-rin (gcratclO, (!-¦": IJuUse
brut Martin, (M; O'Brien (scratch) beut.Boet-
Icke (owe <j 1'.) IM; -Griffin (owe K.) beut
ttlurdan (own >/i 15), (1-4; O. Mi-'KHrlumI beat
J-.i (i.-irdi-, 0-4; Marr (owe 15) beut Cunnt-1 (owe
Vi 15), V-4; AyreM (.owe >i . 1&) beat Kon»
(¦cratch), O-l.
tfecgml round — Fagv <'£ !•") beat McFarland
(scratch). <>--'; Dodge (owe '.j IS) beat O'Brien
(Hcratch). 0-8; (Srllfln and IS. McKarlami, not
played; Marr (ov/v. !.'>) beat Ayres (owe ',» I'm,
Hsml-finaU— Dodjje (owe }4 35) beat J'us»
('ii IS). U-'2; Marr to play the winner of the
<jrlff1ii-McFarlun<l match.
The tournament will he. finished cither
to-day or to-morrow. Three prlzf» have
Iwn uttered.
Home ••xcltinK practice matches were
played >¦«•»< terduy on th« California Club
court*. Harold Crowell and Grant Smith
and Lmimmond MacOuvin and VV. B. Col
lier furnished the. most Interesting of the
day. Crowell w«j< in line form and caused
quite a surprise by beating Smith, Tho
latter usually disposes of ills opponent
easily; but Crowell played the best game
.':•- nan put up In years. Smith had a big
lea<l in the deciding set, but let up some
and after a elo»e struggle Crowell won
out. The score was ii—2, 2— C, 12—10. Mac-
Oavin'K speedy drives and hard smashing
proved too much for Collier. The young
collefdari was at his best and had his op
ponent beaten at every stage of tne
game. The score was 6—1, 4— C, C— 3, 6 — 4.
Other matches resulted as follows:
Hay Cornell beat- Herman Powers, 0-2, 0-2,
2-tt; Clyde Heal and K. M. Beal tied, 7-5. 6-7;
Jack Gibson beat Harry Roife, 6-4, 4-8, 7-6,
1-0, 6-4; Chet Smith beat Charles Kufhn, ti-1,
9-7; James Code beat Punnett,/tf-2, C-4. 0-2;
A. Duncan beat Dr. Noble, 0-3, (5-3, 0-8, 0-2;
A. Worthineton beat Klink, 0-2. 6-4, 7-5, U-3.
In doubles Chet Smith and Charles Kuohn
bf«t Herman Powers and Dr. Lane, 4-tt, 7-5,
7-5; the Armsby brothers beat L. E. Wood and
Ralph Stubba, (5-1; Gustav Sutro and AVllllam
Burnell tied II. Powers and Dr. Lane, (5-4.
4-6; L. E. Reynolds and G. N. Armsby beat
L. E. Wood and E. R. Armsby.. S-C; Hideout
and Code beat Punnett and Allen Powers, ti-2.
4-G, 6-4; Hldney Salisbury and Orville Pratt
beat George Whipple and William Collier, 7-5,
0-8, C-4.
The University of California doubles
try-out set for last Saturday was post
poned on account of rain. The best two
teams in college will compete. They are
Drummond MacGavin and Fred Brown
and Reuben Hunt and George Baker. The
match will be played next Saturday if the
weather permits. --.¦¦-
J. Healey's Sisquoc In a sensational
match yesterday at Union Coursing Park.
Not since the Connemara-False Flatterer
match of some years since has. any event
so stlr/ed the coursing enthusiasts.
It would be almost impossibly to bring
together a brace of greyhounds more
equally matched. The hare bending
[ slightly to the right or to the left meant
much to either dog. In the first course
thjB hare eurned on to the right and Sis
quoc, being slightly favored, won by a
score of 3 to 1.
In the second trial Sacramento Boy was
the favored one. He showed the speed
and won by a score of 12 to 2.
The third course was a spectacular one.
The hare went straight across the field
with the fleet dogs in hot pursuit. They
ran like a double team until the hare,
bearing slightly to the left, favored Sac
ramento Boy for the llr«t turn. The dos
from the capital city scored 9 points to
his opponent's 1 in the subsequent work
on the hare. The fourth and deciding
course was won by Sacramento Boy by a
score of & to 2.
These scores hardly give an Idea of how
closely matched were the dogtf. They were
usually lupped on one another. The win
ner is so clever that he hardly guve his
opponent a chance to score a point once
they were within striking distance of the
hare.
"Jim" Sweeney sent Sacramento Boy
onto the Held in superb condition. The
admirers of Sisquoc had reasonable ex
cuses to offer for his defeat. Two weeks
ago he won the California plate stake
atter a hard day's running. Some months
since he was run to a standstill at 1'eta
luma, and has hardly recovered from the
effects of his exertion.
The match attracted an unusually large
attendance. A number of coursing en
thusiasts came down from Sacramento
to. see their representative perform. Peta
luma, the home of Sisquoc, was also well
represented.
The special stake" was won -by T. J.
Cronin's Vandal. He defeated .Merrimac
in the deciding course by a score of 6 to 5.
Merrimac had run 189 seconds to his op
ponent's 78 before they started for the
final. He had a severe run In the semi
final round. During the course Merri
mac fell heavily or he would undoubtedly
have won. / • '
Forest Queen won the open stake from
Regal Attire. The latter also had 'a se
vere run in the semi-final round, scoring
twenty-six points to two for Crockett
Hill.
Emin Pasha youngsters, maintained
their reputation for extreme speed while
young. Two of this breeding finished first
and second in the puppy stake. Julius
Morn's McHenry beat !«'. Rodgers' Glau
cus for the big end of the purse.
The favorites were generally successful
throughout the day.
The detailed results of the day's sport,
with Judge John Grace's official scores,
follow:
Special match: First trial — D. J. Healy's
Sisquoc beat D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy, :$-l;
second trial — Sacramento Boy beat Sisquoc,
12-2; third trial — Sacramento Boy beat Sis
quoc, 9-1; fourth trial — Sacramento Boy beat
Sisquoc, 5-".
Puppy stake: First round — J. Horn's Mc-
Henry beat J. W. Fahey's October Lad. 3-2;
F. Rodsers' Glaucus beat H. Perigo's Belfast,
C-4.
Deciding course — McHenry beat Glaucus, . 4-0.
Special stake: First round — H. H. Gray's
Rona a bye, Tlburon withdrawn; A. R. Cur-
Us'- Charta beat E. Geary's Fannie Hughle,
5-3; Alameda Kennels' Merrimac beatyiA. R.
Curtis' Old Ironsides, 8-0; P. J. Reilly'S Royal
Union beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 2-1; B.
Sllva's Master Rocket beat A. R. Curtis' Fly
ing Fox, 5-3; Chlarinl Bros.' Tame Tralee beat
P. Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant, 13-8; Alarheda
Kennels' A. J. Martin beat E. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha, 4-2; G. Sharman's .Little Sister beat
J. DowlinK's Sir Lawrence, 10-2; E. Geary's
Ireland beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete,
5-2; E. Geary's Fenll beat F. Jones' Wedge
wood, 2-1: A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat Chiarini
Bros.'. Santonin, 12-5; J. t>. Ross' Fontenoy
beat G. Nethercott's Freda C, 6-1; T. J.
Cronin's Vandal beat E. Geary's Fair Oaks,
5-3; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Chiarini -Bros.'
Dewdrop, 7-1; A. R. Curtis' ¦ Narcissus beat C.
Pickard's Bright Gold. 5-0.
Second round — Charta beat Rona, 5-2; Merri
mac beat Royal Union, 8-0; Master Rocket
beat Tame Tralee, 7-3; A. J. Martin beat Lit
tle Sister, 3-2; Ireland beat Luxor, 15-0; Fon
tenoy beat Fenli. 6-2; Vandal beat Homer
Boy. 3-0; Narcissus a bye. • • •
Third round — Merrlmae beat Charta, 6-3; A.
J. Martin beat Master Rocket, 3-0; Fontenoy
beat Ireland, 4-2; Vandal beat Narcissus, 6-0.
Fourth round — Merrimac beat Fontenoy, 17
13; Vandal beat A. J. Martin. 4-0.
Deciding course — Vandal beat Merrimac, 6-5.
Open stake: First round — J. M. Carroll's
Cascade beat B. Sender-man's Comlque, 5-0;
L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy beat F. Rosenberger's
Lady Chlqulta, 12-2; Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Admirer beat W. C. de B. Lopes' « Jewess, 8-0;
Pasha Kennela' Regal Attire beat Kelly &
Hanley's Lushmagh Lad, 12-6; W. Cairns' Im
perial beat J. Connolly's New Moon, 4-2; J. H.
McNeil's . Elackhawk beat Alameda Kennels'
Clarice, 6-4: T. Cox's Crockett Hill beat M.
Fahey's Home Rule, 19-13; T. Burke' s John
Heenan beat M. Nealon's Aeamemnon, 18-S;
Paoha Kennels' Real Aristocrat a bye; Pre
clta' Maid withdrawn;, F. Rosen berger's My
Nell beat J. Hurley's Shylock Boy, 8-a: J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen beat M. Nealon's Fred
Freedom, 22-10: E, Geary's Little Jim beat
P. J. Reilly's Honesty, 10-B; P. M. Oarkssn's
Miss Brummel beat J. S. Badt's Tovlna. 3-2;
E. N. Whlteslde's Flower Friend beat H. H.
Gray's My Dog, 12-4; W. Johnson's Articulate
bent F. MlchlUk's Strayaway, 0-4.
Second round — Cascade beat Boodle Boy. 7-4:
Imperial ' beat Reckless . Admirer, 2-0; Regal
Attire beat - Blackhawk. 3-2; Crockett Hill a
bye, John Heenan -withdrawn: My Nell 'beat
Real 'Aristocrat. 10-7: Forest Queen beat Lit
tle Jim, : 3-2:' Miss Brummel beat Flower Girl,
11-2; Articulate a bye. y'~\
Third round — Regal Attire beat Cascade, 11
7; Crockett Hill . beat Imnerial. 5-2; Forest
Queen beat My Neil, 5-0; Miss, Brummel beat
Articulate,, 4-2.
. Fourth round — Reral Attire beat Crockett
Hill, 26-2; Forest Queen beat Miss Brummel
6-1. •¦''iw3 i . | <w>aMff | ii i^aatfTjii<wauii
;.; Deciding course — Forest Queen beat Regal
Attire, 5-3.- .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MABCH 10, 1902.
2 James J. Jeffries, accompanied by his
brother "Jack" and J. P. ("Kid"} Eagan,
Apparently Sanguine of
Fighting "Fitz" on
This Coast.
6
AD VEBTISElQflfTS.
i\
FOR -^
DRINK *
WHY ? I
Bccau3o it will positively cure it, with
more safety than any other remedy •
known to tho medical prV easion.
B® G®§*®fuff P
h ?T, eV^> that yo ? get n «nyadi Janoa.
JZJX?}? d 1° H'myadi Water.
ofte'Aa'rmful: Oaly Va!uele^. but aro
Your Physician Will Recommend
I Look at the Label. » It is Blu« f
ynth red center. IConfirmation of Bishop Montgomery.
SANTA CRUZ. March 9.— In the pres
ence of a large congregation at the Cath
olic Church this afternoon Bishop Mont
gomery administered the sacrament of
confirmation to about 150 young people.
BAKERSFIEL.D, . . March 9.— During an
altercation last night between D.\Benlda
and P. Pico, Benlcla was seriously
stabbed, an artery In- the- arm being sev
ered./.He was unconscious when removed
to the hospital. The attending physicians
say -he will recover- ¦•••.¦ . .
Quarrel Results in Stabbing.
ST. LOUIS. March 9.— Mrs. Minnie Mad
dern,Fl8ke, the actress who was injured
in the Grand Opera-house last night, left
for Indianapolis this afternoon with her
company. Inquiry at the Planters' Hotel
where Mrs. Flske stopped while here, re
vealed the fact that her iniury was- slight,
consisting only of a bruise oi* tho head.
Mrs. Fiske*s Injury Slight^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
H E Meilman, S Rosa
J Hoi den, S Boca
J H Wiaecap, Denver
R Currrminrs & w, L A
C M Kelly & w. L A
Town. S Dak
Schroder. S Dak
G W Ed«m. Sacto
P H JCewberry. 8 Jo»e
I B Overboidt Iowa
M J>enar<j, JJ T
O Hultquiet &.w. 111
F Ohraan, Chicago
E Betrandws, Oakland
E W McKenna. Seattle
G B Bretnon. fiacto
H J Heads, Chicago
B Stokes, Chicag-o
SAN RAFAEL, March 9.— Jean ; Peyro
tet of San Francisco was arrested here
this afternoon by Constable Tralnor for
killing . robins. Peyrotet was seen ' with
the birds in . his possession while just
about to leave the city via the California
Northwestern train at 5 o'clock. Peyrotet
arrived in San Rafael for. the purpose of
hunting early this morning, and succeed
ed In slaughtering many robins. He 'was
taken before Judge Rodden and deposited
a large cash bail to appear for trial,to
morrow. '.-¦. •¦ • ¦.' .- ;:s:"*vi,'
Arrested for Killing Robins.
CHICAGO, March 0.— The Chicago Post
efflce Union of the American Labor Fed
eration at a meeting to-day drafted an
appeal to President Roosevelt and Post
master General Payne, asking their as
sistance in behalf of the clerks? efforts to
fcecure lefdslation for an eight-hour day
and an increase of pay on a graded scale,
ranging from $C00 .to $1200. This action
rras taken because the clerks desired to
comply with the recent order of President
Roosevelt prohibiting Government em
ployes from petitioning or in any way at
tempting to. influence legislation by Con
gress. The resolutions will be forwarded
to Washington -at once •
APPEAL TO PRESIDENT - y'
f IN BEHALF OF THE CLERKS
Yesterday a man named O'Donnell was
arrested and sentenced to one month in
prison for trying, to prevent this farmer
from selling hay.'
DUBLIN, March 9.-The belief that the
United Irish League is about to be pro
claimed caused great excitement at Kll
rush; County Claire, to-day, and the ar
rest of two men named - Crowley and
Eustace, who were charged with moon
lighting and firing into the house of a
woman who had purchased, hay from a
farmer who was under the ban of the
league. -
FURTHER LAND TROUBLES
IN THE COUNTY CLAIRE
The floe is in the direct path of vessels
sailing to the Orient, and as it is quite
extensive, is dangerous to navigation.
The captain of the Oceania says the ice
is from four to six feet out of the water
and that some - of the '. bergs are many
feit across and cannot be seen until, a
vessel is among them. This -is the first
time that ice has been seen off the Jap
anese coast in that vicinity and it . is
thought the ice pack in the Arctic has
broken earlier than usual, and that ft in
dicates an early spring in the north.
Japanese Coast.- •
PORT TOWNSEND. t Wash. f . March r J.-
The British steamship Oceania, ' arriving
Saturday, reports to the local United
States Hydrographic office having en
countered an immense ice floe about 200
miles off the Japanese coast, abreast of
the entrance to Tsugar Straits. So ex
tensive was the Ice floe that 'the steamer
was compelled to change her course and
steam for several hours to avoid coming
in collision ..with the ice.
B? itish Steamer Has Difficulty in
Avoiding Collision Off the
GIGANTIC ICE FLOE
IN TRACK OF VESSELS
As &oon as it, became, known who the
guests were the hotel proprietor decided
upon a country dance, and dug up an old
violin in the garret. Mayor Schmitz pre
sided over the fiddle, changing- wilh
Roncovieri. Mountain messages had been
dispatched to the various cattle ranches,
and in less than one hour a goodly crowd
from the homes of Halls Valley in the
Mount Hamilton hills was tripping the
light fantastic to the Mayor's music. .
The greatest jollity prevailed . and the
residents of. the Smith 'Creek country
declared the occasion and the music the
finest they ever enjoyed. Mayor Schmitz
and his party returned to San Francisco
to-night. ;'
SAN JOSE, March 9.— Mayor Schmitz
has won the hearts of the ranchers of
the Mount Hamilton hills. The pacty of
San Franciscans with him decided' to re
main" on Mount Hamilton because of a
snow storm and spent last night at the
Smith Creek Hotel.
San Francisco's Executive Plays at a
Hotel Dance on Mount V
Hamilton.. ¦
MAYOR'S VIOLIN MUSIC \
ENRAPTURES RANCHERS
Raymond Yeo and George Gray, high
waymen, who were caught in the act 0/
robbing Charles D. Hoffman and John
Hausen at Fifteenth street and Julian
avenue at 1 o'clock this morning, are in
Jjistody at the Seventeenth-street Police
f The arrests were made by Officers Reil
f and Pendegast. assisted by E. D. Horn
and IL Harrison, who live at Fifteenth
street and Eryant avenue. Horn and\
Harrison were on a passing car at the
time of tho robbery and saw one of the
robbers running away. They held him. un
til the officers came up and turned him
over to them.
Hoffman is a barber at 1724^ Market
street and Hausen is a eook a.t the Rail
road Hospital. They were on their way
to their rooms, and at the corner of Fif
teenth street and Julian avenue wer© ac
costed by the highwaymen and ordered to
throw up their hands. THey complied,
and while one of them stood guard, the
other went through their pockets. A
small eum of money was obtained from
Hoffman an<? about $W and a gold watch
from Hausen. As soon as the highway
men had obtained their plunder they
Htarted to run and wej-e seen by the po
licemen, who gave chase.
When the robbers were caught part of
the money and the watch were found on
them. One of them had thrown a $20 piece
away during the chase and It is thought It
went into a sewer. Neither of the robbers
had any weapons on them when captured.
POLICE AND CITIZENS
CATCH TWO ROBBERS
This statement Is reported to have been
made by Mr. Morgan in conversation with
Admiral von Baudissin and others, just
after Prince Henry had taken his de
parture from the clubhouse. Commodore
Ledyard immediately repeated tho an
nouncement to club members present and
it was received with hearty cheers.
Under boat-to-boat conditions all ques
tion of class is waived, so that Emperor
William may have a chance' to race his
new Yankee schooner yacht Meteor
against the America's cup holder.
NEW YORK, March 10.— It is said that
J. Pierpont Morgan announced, at the re
ception given to Prince Henry by the
New York Yacht Club, that he" would put
Columbia, the America's cup defender of
1901, in commission and send her across
the ocean to race against anything afloat,
boat for boat.
Pierpont Morgan Challenges the
World to a Boat-for-Boat
Match.
WII/L RACE COLUMBIA ,
.;• AGAINST ANY YACHT
bia Receives a Letter Contain
ing Warning.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 9.— A threat
ening letter was received yesterday by
the wife of Premier Dunsmulr which
Ftated that she had better have the Pre
mier remain away from a political meet
ing held last night, as a man was going
to that meeting armed with a revolver
'or the purpose of shooting the first min
ister of the British Columbia Govern
ment. The Premier turned the letter
over to the police, who decline to make
public its contents.
The Premier paid no attention to the
letter and attended the meeting, which
was the most exciting political one ever
held in British Columbia, as the -cam
paign which concludes to-morrow is the
nercest 'election tight .the province has
ever seen. Colonel Prior, the Govern
ment candidate, addressed the meeting
and the opposition candidate, Bodwell,
packed the meeting with his supporters,
who hooted, shouted and interrupted
every other minute. The Premier sat in
his place throughout the excitement,
however, and spoke after the Govern
ment candidate, when he told the large
audience of the threats that had been
made against him. He said he was not
the man fb be frightened by ?uch
threats. . . ¦¦''¦' \
Wife of Dunsxnuir of British Colum-
THREATS AB.E MADE
'^AGAINST THE PBEMIEE,
MANILA, March 9.— Colonel James For
ney of the marine corps, will preside at
tho court-martial to try Major Littleton
W. Waller and Lieutenant John A, Day
of the marine corps, March 17 next, on
the charge of executing natives of the
Island of Samar without trial. The court
matrial will be composed of army ofneerti
and officers of the marine corps. The
charges specify that -Major Waller „ and
Lieutenant Day killed three native steve
dores en the streets Of Baeay, island of
Samar, without V trial. The stevedores
were among those who accompanied the
disastrous expedition of Major Waller
and a detachment of the marines to the
Interior of Samar last DecemSer.
It is claimed that these stevedores
mutinied and. proceeded to the foothills,
whero they dug camoles (a variety of
sweet potato), and that they later con
cealed and refused to turn them over to
the Americans, saying that when the
marines died of hunger they should halve
a good supply of. arms 'and ammunition.
Sympathy is expressed for Major Wal
ler, who at that time was suffering from
mental and physical strain. Lieutenant
Day apparently obeyed Major Waller's
orders.
Lieutenant HowJand of the Twenty
first Infantry, an aid on the staff of Gen
eral Wheaton, who was sent to report on
the state of affairs In Rizal . provlnco
after the recent outbreak there, reports
that the insurgents have now been dis
persed and that. the soldiers and consta
bulary are closely pursuing them. There
is but a; small force of insyrgents In tho
province, and they are greatly over-offi
cered. It. is clear that the insurgents in
Rizal province had no idea how quickly
the troops and constabulary could concen
trate and break their power. Complete
harmony exists between the American
soldiers and the native constabulary in
this district, and both have done excellent
work during a short campaign.
The troops consisted of six officers and
230 men of the Fifth Cavalry.
PARIS. March 9.— Anxious to dispose of
the budget the Chamber has adopted the
unusual course of sitting on Sunday and
held two lengthy sessions' to-day.
The Chamber passed a law, imposing a
tax of one franc per 100 kilograms on.
petroleum.
In. course of the discussion of an amena
ment to the naval estimates M. Aimond
declared that the United States hart
adopted for the construction of armored
cruisers of the same tonnage and speed
as those Included in the naval programme
of France. '-'' V : - : ' •'-'<
The budget for 1902 was finally adopted
by a vote of 398 to 64. and the Chamber
then adjourned.
Trench Budget for the Present Yem*
Is Adopted by an Almost
Unanimous Vote.
CHAMBEB OF DEPUTIES
HOLDS SABBATH SESSION
Ray was locked up in the "tanks" and
lo-day the District Attorney will be con
sulted as to what charge to bring against
him.
When the owner returned the grocery
man asked him if he would sell the vio
lin, and if so at what price,- and the own
er replied that he would sell it for $20.
The groceryman gave him the money and
the owner left, after having another
drink. The second man did not return
and Saturday the groceryman found that
the violin was dear at $L He notified the
police, and a man giving the name of
John Ray was arrested yesterday morn
ing and identified by the groceryman- as
the owner of the violin. -
Friday night a man entered a grocery
and saloon on Polk street, near Wash
ington, and, after having a glass of beer,
asked the groceryman if he could leave
his violin there a few minutes, as he had
to make a calland did not wish to take
the instrument with him. The grocery
rnan was obliging and the man left. A
few minutes later another man entered
and, seeing the violin, took it up and be
gan to carefully examine it.
-'Say," said the man, "this Is a magni
ficent violin and I would like to buy it."
The groceryman told him it belonged
to a stranger who was to return for it
in a few minutes. "Well," said the man,
"I can't wait just now. but when the
owner returns ask him if he wants to sell
it and I will give $50 for it."
A trick that was successfully played
here some years ago by two men has been
revived. A large number of saloon-keep
ers and grocers were victimized at that
time and the operators succeeded in mak
ing their escape, i
At an enthusiastic meeting of the St.
Patrick's day convention yesterday after
noon a suggestion was made that a per
manent parliament, consisting of repre
sentatives of the local Hibernian socie
ties, be formed for the consideration of
questions of interest to the Irish Catholic
people. The revival of the Celtic lan
guage and of Celtic customs among the
sons of Erin has created a necessity for
such a central body. The delegates to the
convention were instructed to obtain from
the societies which they represent power
necessary for permanent organization.
The suggestion was received with con
siderable favor, and there is little doubt
that the parliament will be speedily
formed.
At the meeting the entire programme
for the St. Patrick's day celebration was
announced. It will consist of Gaelic songs
and dances and orations, both in the af
ternoon and evening. J. S. McCormick i
will act as president of the day and will
deliver the opening address. Besides the
songs and dances there will be a recita
tion by Thomas Hickey. Rev. Father Nu
gent extended an invitation to the con
vention to attend St. Brendan's Church
in a body on the morning of the celebra
tion. The invitation was accepted. On
that occasion Rev. Father Concannon of
Stockton will deliver a sermon in Gaelic.
It was proposed that the members of
the various Irish societies be given the
preference in the purchase of tickets of
admission to the Alhambra Theater, where
I the exercises are to be held. It is feared
I that the theater -will' not be capable of
containing the crowd. The proposal was
referred to a committee. Remarks were
made by Fathers Dollard. McMahon and
Nugent, and Jeremiah Deasey delighted
the delegates with several Gaelic songs.
The passengers on the Etruriaare look
ing longingly toward the shore and wait
ing for to-morrow, when they will be ablo
to 1 land and become acquainted with
Horta and the island of Fayal. ' ;.V
The Etruria will wait here for the ar
rival of the royal mail steamer Elbe,
which left Southampton for Horta yes
terday. The Elbe will carry the. Etruria's
passengers to England. The Etruria .will
be - towed home by two tugs which are
now on the way out for this purpose.
The Etruria was hoping to communicate
with the North German Lloyd steamer
Kronprinz Wilhelm by wireless telegra
phy, but her best wire' broke in several
places and she. was unable to repair it
until the weather had Improved, when it
was too late. After the accident the
passage of the Cunard liner was entirely
uneventful and there occurred nothing
beyond the daily runs of the vessel, which
ranged from 60 to 100 knots.
Upon examination it was found that the
ship's propeller had broken off outside
the tube and that the rudder had been
carried away by the propeller. The Etru
ria then sent up rockets, which were seen
by the British steamer William Cliff. The
latter bore' down and was alongside in
fifty minutes after the accident. She
stood -by until daylight, when, after sev
eral attempts, she succeeded in passing
a hawser aboard the Etruria. The tank
steamer Ottawa arrived on the scene at
this time. The. William Cliff then at
tempted to tow the Etruria. while the Ot
tawa attempted to help her. The haw
ser, however, broke. The Ottawa stood
by for two days and then left for Fayal.
bearing the second officer of the Etruria
to report the accident and obtain assist
ance. ¦ In . the meantime the crew of the
Etruria had made every effort to rig a
jury rudder. The first of such rudders
was carried away immediately. After
further efforts, lasting for two days, a
second jury rudder was successfully ad
justed and .is still in position.
The passengers of the Etruria were sat
isfied they were in no danger and they
praise the conduct of the captain and the
crew. ¦ Afterward the passengers amused
themselves with the usual deck sports
and concerts were held dally.
HORT^ Azores. March 9.-The Cunard
line steamer Etruria anchored here at 6
o'clock this evening. All on board are
well. Etruria had an uneventful
passage, except for the breaking down,
which occurred during the dinner hour of
February 26. When this occurred the
Etruria had only just finished speaking
by wireless telegraphy with the Cunard
er Umbrla. After the accident was-dis
covered the Etruria called the Umbria
for an hour, but without success.
The observation train which' the South
ern Pacific recently inaugurated around
the bay from Oakland to San Francisco
is proving quite popular. It was recently
only run on Sundays, but after , the ISth
the service is to be | twice a week, and.
there is hopes that before the summer is
over it will be a daily.
Thursday — Campbell day: Packing house
picnic and scenic tours in the heart of the or
chard district, arranged by. Campbell (Board of
Trade. St. James Park band concert, In San
Jose, In evening. . .. ¦,
Friday — San Jose Will entertain with excur
sion* to Santa. Clara's old mission, Alum Rock
Park and Mineral Springs. Palo Alto and Stan
ford University, Berryegsa and other points of
interest. Moonlight music excursion to Alum
Rock canyon and hot springs by electric rail
way ¦¦¦¦¦"¦. '.r; ¦ ¦ ¦ '" '•• ;
Saturday — Mount Hamilton and Lick Obser
vatory. Morning excursion -leaves ¦hotels 7:30
o'clock and afternoon excursion at -; 12:30
o'clock.' . ... • ' • • ¦ "._•'.
"Wednesday — Los Gatos Day: Sight-seeing
programme around the beautiful orchards of
the G«m City Under the management of Los
Gatos Board of Trade. • •
Tuesday-"— Sara toga day : I Picnic and general
celebration amid the foothill orchards about
famous Congress Springs under auspices of
Saratoga Improvement Club. - .
Monday, the first day of the festival,
is to be a aort of reception day all. through
the valley. Visitors will.be taken about
and introduced and made to feel at home.
The rest of the programme is as follows:
The Santa Clara County Improvement
Club, assisted by the various sections
which are to entertain during the festival
week, is extensively advertising the
event, and it is expected thousands of
visitors will be here. One new thing
about the blossom festival is that it is
not to be all in one place, and those who
attend will have an excellent chance to
see the entire' county.
SAN JOSE,. March H.— Santa Clara Val
ley is rapidly assuming her floral garb
for the blossom carnival which is to be
held throughout the valley during the
week commencing March 17. The apri
cots and peaches are just beginning to
bloom and another week of warm weather
will see the prunes breaking into bios.- <
som. If there is no cold spell Santa Clara*
Valley will be at its prettiest, . and its
thousands of acres of fruit flowers and
the redolent breezes will wejl repay those
who come to enjoy the festivities.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WILL ORGANIZE
A PARLIAMENT
LINER ETRURIA
SAFE IN PORT
PLAY THE VIOLIN
TRICK ON GROCER
nARYSVILLE. March ?. — The
sudden and tragic death of the
Rev. Father Twomey, pastor of
• the Smartsville Catholic Church,
which occurred Saturday morn
ing, while he was attempting to ford
Mulcahey was not hit- and following up
his men he captured them after they had
taken refuge in an excavation for a new
building, ' „
Two footpads, Robert Garner and Wil
liam Cole, who had held up a citizen on
Bush street, near Powell, and robbed him
of $21, at 3 o'clock this morning, got the
"drop" on Officer Mulcahey when he
headed them off, and took his revolver
from him. The officer pluckily followed,
and after running along Bush street to
Grant avenue and turning into Berry
street, the fugitives turned and emptied
the chambers of two revolvers at the po
liceman.
Armed, Pluckily Follows and
Captures Both Fugitives.
Officer, Though He Had Been Di*-
TOOTPADS FIBE UPON
POLICEMAN MTJLCAHEY
Bishop Spaldlng was well known among
the Western Indian tribes, and 'has per
formed successful missionary work with
them. He established the first Episcopal
church in Arizona— the one at Prescott.
THE LATE BISHOP JOHN
FRANKLIN SPALDING OF
COLORADO DIOCESE.
BLOSSOMS WILL
SMILE ON REVEL
John Franklin . Spalding was born In
Belgrade, Maine, August 25. 1S28. After
attending Bowdoln College and the gen
erai theological seminary, he was or
dained to the priesthood of Christ church,
Gardner. Maine. He subsequently held
the parishes at Old Town. Maine; Lee.
Mass. : Providence. R. I., and at Eris,
Pa. He was -elected Bishop of Colorado
and Wyoming and New Mexico in Octo
ber, 1873.
When he first came to the West there
were but seven Episcopal churches in his
diocese. Now there are more than a hun
dred in Colorado, alone, and nearly all of
them were started by- Bishop Spaldlng.
New Mexico and Wyoming were set off
as separate dioceses more than twenty
years ago, and Western Colorado was se
gregated ten years ago.
t~— sa RIE, Pa., March 9—Bishop'Spald
jV ing of the Colorado diocese of
the Protestant Episcopal church
'died to-day at the home of his
son in this city, of pneumonia, at
the age <5f 74 years. ,;
Dry Creek, a f<pv miles from Browns Val- j
ley, in Yuba County, came as a shock to I
til who learned of the sad event and ha3 j
caused sincere sorrow. *
The details, as brought out at the Coro
ner's inquest, are substantially the same
as those published in The Call this morn- )
ing. Father Twomey left Smartsville be- j
tv/een 7 and S o'clock Saturday morning j
j»nd was to have preached at Rackerby j
to-day. He started by way of the Peoria j
schoolhouse. expecting to hold service j
there at 10 o'clock Saturday.' •
It was necessary to cross Dry Creek!
where there was no bridge, and in at
tempting to ford the ljttle stream, which
was flowing bank-full, tho. buggy was
capsized. The clergyman was carried to
his death under the capsized vehicle.
After a few minutes the rushing waters
moved the buggy in such a manner as to
permit the imprisoned body to escape and
it was carried two miles down 'the stream
before it was recovered, having been in
the water more than thirty hours.
Father Twomey was loved by all the
residents of the foothills irrespective of
creed. His religious field was large and
his success was most encouraging. A
large concourse of sorrowing friends will
attend the funeral, which will occur, in
Smartsville Tuesday morning at 10:30
c<;lock: - . -. . ¦_ . . _
LATE POPULAR PRIEST OF
SMARTSVILLE WHO WAS AC
CIDENTALLY DROWNED.
LOS ANGELES, March 9.— Fifty-eight
hundredths of an inch of rain fell here
during the past twenty-four hours, mak
ing .63 of an inch for tne storm. The.
precipitation was very gradual and did
great good. The total thus far this season
it 9.34 inches. Everything in the line of
crops looks promising. The numerous
showers during the past month have
brought up every port of vegetation. Pas
tures are splendid and there is a good.
supply of water for irrigation purposes
in sight. Prospects are good for further
showers to-night.
SAN BERNADINO. March 0.— The San
Bernardino Valley was treated to an
other downpour of rain last night and this
morning. The rain began about 6 o'clock
Saturday evening and continued until 2:3")
o'clock this morning. Good crops are now
assured, even if there is no more rain,
but another shower a month from now
would guarantee a magnificent crop of
grain. The record for the season is 8.7*
inches.
SALINAS, March 9.— Nearly every day
during last week this vicinity has been
favored with rain, making the total rain
fall to date, nine and a half inches.
SANTA MARIA. March 3.— The rains oT
the last two weeks have put a stop to
Irrigation on the sugar factory property.
Much of the ground is so wet and sof;
that planting will have to be deferred.
Some of the low lands have been flooded,
so that they will have to be replanted as
soon as dried sufficiently.
SANTA ANA, March 9.— More than .75
of an inch of rain fell here last night,
and crops, of all kinds are now as
sured. ¦
REDLANDS, March •.— Nearly half an
inch of rain fell here last night and this
morning.
BAKKRSFIELD, March 9.— This morn
ing it appeared that the storm had passed,
but by noon there was a steady fall.
In Cuyamaca reservoir the gatujre
showed niijjeteen feet and four inches. La
Mesa reservoir has thirty-seven feet and
the reservoir of the Escondido irrigation
District has more than fifty feet and Is
rising at the rate of nearly a foot a clay.
The reservoirs at Upper and Lower Otay
are also receiving their share.
Here there: .was a mist all night long
and two or three heavy showers this
morning. Iri' the mountains rain com
menced, falling as early as 10 o'clock last
night and kept it up until this forenoon.
The report was from a quarter o£ an Inch
at places near the coast and in the Cajon
Valley to 2.60 inches at Cuyamaca, The
water is running into all of the reservoirs
except that of the Sweetwater. and a Rood
supply for irrigation is assured.
SAN DIEGO, March 9.— Last night and
this morning the. city and county were
visited by a generous fall of rain which
amounted to a auarter o( an inch in the
city and four times that amount in the
mountains. The total oC the fall in San
Diego is now 4.94 Inches.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The French Maid" is in its third week
at Fischer's Theater and is pleasing the
large patronage. The company is rapidly
growing in favor, and the next production
is looked forward to with much interest.
"Little Christopher." a clever musical
comedy, is to follow.
"Oliver Twist," the favorite old drama,
will be the attraction at the Central
Theater this week. The cast will include
Gc-orge Webster as Fagin. James Corri-
Kan as Bill Sj'kes. Annette Marshall as
Nancy Sykes. and Georgle Cooper as
Oliver. The piece will be well staged and
should see the usual good houses the
Central enjoys.
The Tivoli is still pleasing large audi
(coces with "The Serenade." It is splen
4"Iidly sung, staged and acted, and a pro
icuction that is rarely equaled at populax
prices. Th«»- Tivoli clientele appreciates
its good fortune in being able to hear and
Bee the best in comic opera so well pre
sented, and keeps the house, always well
filled. "The Serenade" is booked for a
long run.
The Grand Opera-house will also be to
the fore this week with a new play, one
of the Broadhurst farces, "The House
That Jack Built." This is also the last
week of the successful season of George
Ober. The "Jack" of the farce is a Doc
tor Jack, an eccentric who has been
building a house at Hastings-on-the Hud
son for some seven years. As it nears
completion he sends out invitations to a
house-warming and then finds that the
reception room cannot be completed in
lime, the paper hanging still being un
finished.
Doctor Jack has a socialistic daughter,
p.nd an English baronet who has fallen
in love with her. learning of her socialis
tic leanings, impersonates the tardy
paper-hargers brother, whereupon she
duly reciprocates the baronetic affections.
Melbourne McDowell and Florence
Stone, in a Sardou repertoire, will begia
an engagement next week.
"Arizona" begins to-night the second
and last week of its engagement at the
Columbia Theater. The play is pleasing,
the company good, and the production ,
on the whole a worthy one. Grace Ellis
ton as Bonita does good work, and Har
rjson Armstrong as Canby is very well
cast:
Next week comes Blanche Walsh with a
new play by H. \V. J. Dam. entitled "La
Madeleine." "La Madeleine" is a drama
of to-day of the Parisian half-world, the
heroine a demi-mondaine regenerated by
a pure love. Miss Walsh brings with her
a large company, numbering thirty mem
bers, and much scenery for the new play.
She will also present "Janice Meredith."
The Alcazar is out with a new play to
night, by Madeleine L,ucette Ryley. "A
Coat of Many Colors," that is said, to
have had much success in the East. Mlf?>
Rylcys former plays, "An American Citi
zen" and "Christopher Jr..'" were warmly
received here, and a new play by the
same author will doubtless receive a
hearty •welcome. The scene of the plav
is Xew York, the time to-day, and the
story has a strong love interest. The play
will be produced with the adequacy that
is a feature of Alcazar productions, an<3
has been carefully cast.
Th<^ Orpheum bill for this week Is un
usually attractive. Every number on the
programme received the heartiest kind of
bjtptause from tne audience last night.
Paul Cinquevalll. the juggler, is a won
der. His performance surpayes anything
of the kind seen in San Francisco for a
long time. With billiard cue-?, balls and
pool pockets which :irc fastened on va
rious, parts of his body he accomplishes
feats which are truly amazing. His work
with a heavy steel ball make? the onlook
er fcoicj his breath in astonishment.
. Lps Troubadours Toulousians. four in
number and <lrts£od in the costume of
the rur?l districts of Southern France,
sing in a mr.nner to evoke long continued
applause. The six blackbirds are a sextet
DC colored entertainers, who present many
novel and Birmslng features in "coon"
work. The three dancing Dawsons do a
great tleal of clever footwork which is
highly pleasing to the audience. The Nin i
Nelsons are as great favorites as ever
- and begin the rew week with several new
acts. Billy "Single" Clifford has no
trouble in keeping his hearers convulsed
with laughter. The Auers. with the.r
ragr pictures, and Eva Mudge. in her
lightning changes, are also great enter
tainers.
1 he California Theater has an interest
ing offerir.p this week in "The White
Slave." a classic among Southern dramas
that has been en the road continuously
lor untold years, and that numbers In iti
cast at least one member of the original
production. That it has still power to
dra-T was shown by the fairly large
house last night. t,hat seemed to enjoy
heartily the thrilling; story of the "White
Slave" and the ne^ro eccentricities and
scrips with which tne play is plentifully
besprinkled. There are two colored quar
tets that add much to the performance
and that sing quite musically a number uf
quaint "coon" songs.
Ruth Macaulcy essay r. the namo and
;.T.rt of Lisa, the white stave, and is suffi
ciently ••weepy" and sweet in the role.
Kate Campbell, as Daphne, tho octoroon
luietress ox I^aey. the villain, acts clever
ly, and Loduski young has a ••coon" ac
cent that tells. .Other rckmJ "colored"
vrork is done by Jennie Christie as Mar
tha.
The villain of the piece. Lacy, who buys
the white slave at a kind of bargain sa!e.
h> takingly pictured by J. Hay Cossar,
who makes tr.e most out of a pood part.
David Hartford has the hero role, and
does fairly well, arid Mr. Stich. the fam
i.y lawjcr, is played. to-day by Frank N.
L>rew. a? !t w;is played twenty years ago.
His wcrk was much enjoyed. The rest
nf the company plays woil up to the prin
cipals and the piece is nicely staged. It
Fhoutd see a go*! week's business.
HEADY TO BEGIN
COURT-MARTIAL
The Chicago trouble could have been settled
very early in the fight but 'for the politicians
and when It was finally settled It was neces
sary to insert a clause in the constitution of
the Building Trades Council and the District
Council of Carpenters eliminating politicians
and officeholders as delegates to the councils.
(Signed) The Executive Committee of Car
penters' Union No. 483.
. L. D. CORDON. President.
J. MAHCUS BURKE, Secretary.
We will cite the instance of the West Const
Furniture Company, where It was necessary
before a settlement could be made to have
McCarthy entirely eliminated from the ar
rangements owing to his brutal insults to. the
members of that firm. . .
The abuse of power by these officeholders
led up to the destruction of the Building Trades
Council of Chicago. The same abuse of power
Is being manifested In the Building Trades
Council of San Francisco to-day.
The conditions In the Building Trades Coun
cil to-day are exactly the same as they were
in Chicago before the great building trades
strike, which resulted so disastrously for both
the employer and the employed. The offices
of the Building Trades Council and also of the
District Council of Carpenters were filled by
municipal officeholders and politicians, who
held their positions through Ed. Carroll, who,
like McCarthy, was a Civil Service Commis
sioner and president of the Building Trades
Council.
Politicians Dangerous Element.
AVe will state that .at no time has No. -18:J,
In the eleven years we have been affiliated
with the San Francisco Labor Council, referred
any matter whatever to that' body pertaining
to the building industry. On the contrary, we
have always worked faithfully with the Build
ing. Trades Council and .Carpenters' District
Council, and until this objectionable clause In
the constitution of the Building Trades Coun
cil was inserted held . important positions on
the committees of both councils. The utter
falsity of McCarthy's statement that "our af
filiation with the Labor Council could in any
way Involve the building trades In any utrlkc
or other difficulty of the Labor Council; or
any of Us affiliated unions Is shown by the
fact that the Labor Council, under its consti
tution, has no authority to order a strike In
any trade or calling, and no one knows that
better than McCarthy, who . has been a dele
gate to the Labor 'Council until he discovered
that he could not dominate that counclL
Declare McCarthy jLs Ambitious.
McCarthy Is now reaching out for the car
penters', and in order to accomplish this under
taking had h clause inserted in the constitu
tion uf the UuiiiiiriK Trades Council in July.
1901 making the conatltutlon of the Building
Trades Council supreme over tho . constitution*
of all international union?. . This • belns in
direct conflict with the laws : of the- United
B-oiherhctxl of Canxrnters and Joiners o{
America, Union No. 1*>, with its «00 mcrn
beie reiexred the whole matter to its general
executive board in .Philadelphia.
This board decided that under the laws it
our brotherhood no union of the brotherhood
could subscribe to section/ 3. article 2, of the
Building; Trades Council constitution.
The carpenters" district council, composed ae
heretofore stated, passed a reoolutlon .dis
regarding the decision of our general execu
tive board and requested the Building Trades
Council to enforce the objectionable constitu
tion on our members to the extent of prohibit
ing them If possible from obtaining employ
ment. This fact -was made known at our head
officts and J. F. Grime*, a member of the exec
utive board, has be^n detailed to visit San
Francisco and try to adjust the matter in an
amicable manner. Mr. Grimes will be in. San
Francisco on Wednesday.'
In the meantime we will state that but few
of our members are losing employment through
the action of the Uuildlng Trades Council.
To the Editor: An article appoared in the
Sunday edition of Th^Call purporting to have,
como lrom the San Francisco - District Coun
cil of Carpenters and wftleh is supposed by
these not conversant with the facts to repre
«ent the views of the union carpenters of this
f.ny. it ie ho entirely devoid i of truth 7 as to
require aii.nns?*."' '¦"• : 'V ." ¦¦ .-••¦ :-.
YvSjle the article in quest ion purports to be
the -"utterance of the district council, it in
in fact merely the statement of one Patrick
M AlcOai tuy.' '1 h'«- CRn bf: shov;n 1> V the tact
tnat on :-n turday. March .*, McCartny ve
peaip.d almost word for word the entire ar
ticle on the floor of the Builders 1 Kxchange
"before there could have been any opportunity
for the dWirlct council to have met in regard
t© the matter. \Ne do not deny that the diu
trict council sent out this 'statement; but we
do sav that the district council is largely
made up of men who are under the thumb and
at the beck and call' of McCarthy at all times.
We 70 lurthc-r in this matter; we say,' and
we can prove, tnat trie Building Trades Coun
cil has degenerated into a. boay of the same
.character, Oeins largely. . composed .. at men
who are noliiins political jobs under the influ
ence vt McCartny. A large proportion of the
deic?ates to tho latter -boay, lnetuumg mani
oc tne ui fitters, arc at the present* time in tu<j
employ ot ino city. and cuunty. and they have
been i>ut tlit-re tnrough the influence of Mc-
Carthy yiliodi endeavor it is to contract the
unions in tiic bu.idicg trades l"or, his o?.ti
political ambitions, ruliy one-third of th<*
unions of the building trades at the present
time are controlled by McCarthy, on account
of their having no national head. They are
at th* mercy of McCarthy and his political
etsoe.ates and are virtually owned ¦ by them.
Many pt these timers have no national bodies
whiic other weaker ones have been forced out
of their national bodies. . -
The following communication has been
received in reply to the, statement of the
District Council of Carpenters and Join
era regarding U-e differences between the
Bullrhng 'ITaaea council anil the San
•fr.inci.--co juabor Council; wnicn appeared
in 'Sunday's Call:
to Statement of Dis
/ trict Council.
Union No. .483 Makes Reply
Vegetation Flourishes and
/I;. Pastures Are Much
Improved.
Orpheum's Bill of Unusual
Merit— "Arizona" Plays
to Big Houses.
Carpenters Express Dis
pleasure at Existing
Cr nd'.tions.
Frank N. Drew Pleases
as He Did Twenty
Years Ago.
Reservoirs ill Southern
California Filling
Rapidly.
RAIN DELIGHTS
IRRIGATIONISTS
BLAME POL ITICS
AND M'CARTHY
Sad Drowning of Father Twomey Causes
Sorrow Among People of Yuba County.
PARISH MOURNS DEATH
OF ITS BELOVED PRIEST
"WHITE SLAVE"
RETAINS CHARM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1902.
at the Age of Seventy-Four.
Noted Episcopalian Succumbs to Pneumonia
DEATH SUMMONS BISHOP
SPALDING OF COLORADO
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y will satisfy a hungry-
baby. It is what he u(.
wants. . Send postal fc
for a free sample. jK
MELLJN'S FOOD COMPANY, , jjoT
BOSTON, MA55. mm J$
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOS ME*.
Established 1SS1. Co»»
¦nltation and private b*«s
*re« at offlca or by auut.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SL
SJLN FRANCISCO. CJLU
RADWAY'S READY IIELIF.F haa stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years as a
Fain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and alt pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Fains. All dracstats.THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, MARCH '10, 1902.
8
BAN FBAXCISCO CALL.
nUKINHES OFFICE of The San FrancUco
C«il. corner of Market and Third streets; open
«-n«H 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BHA NTH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. in.
"•"ft Hay** street : or>en until 9:30 p. in.
CZQ McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. in.
"'% Larkln ttreet: open until 9:30 p. tn-
if»41 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. ta.
2201 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 i>. m.
1«« Eleventh street; open until 8 P- n>.
ipyc Valencia street; ooen until 9 p. m.
Nortl-.we?t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open Until 9 p. ITl. •
r?iW> FHln-nr* street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. °A
\f--TLVM of <}ofdeii Crate Commandery »
No. 1« K. T.. <",2r, Sutter M.— Special Tglf- 1
a,.serrbly THIS EVENING at 7 fj
uViock. Order of Red Cross. AH
Cnters &re courteously Invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THnO. FROLISH. Recorder.
t^x~if.-itANCIS 00 Chanter No. 1. Royal m
Ar. -h Masons. mct5 THIS EVENING.
rt. A. dr;r«. VV>\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. '~ y
OOCOTEKTAti Lodge No. :£. F. and m
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY* EVENING £fc
?t 7 ::v> oVIock. Second P"d third A"- J\J\
tr^rs. By «rd<?r of the W. M. f *
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. m
& A. M.. 1R3-9 Fillmore et— First <5<»« m J\-
pr*° THIS EVENING at 7:."0 o'clock. jCjf
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. r^fy
ST. ANDREW'S Society — Op*n meet- » CTv
ire THIS iJinXDAT) FA'ENING. 5V, MOJ
Members and frien<Js cordially In- ""SkXSs
•liteil. . _*¦*•¦»¦%
_ LITERARY COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
c!ved applications to mine by the hydraulic
proe**? from J. M. Longnec°k»r, In the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, near Genessee,
PJumas Co., to deposit tailings In Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., In
<helr mine near Lincoln. Placer Co., to de-
posit tuliings in a dry *°«-ale below the mine,
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room 04. Flood building, San Francisco, Cal.,
en March 24. 1902. at 1 :30 p. m.
NOTICE to Stockholders. Market Street Rail-
tray Company — The Union Trust Company of
Ean Frencisro Is authorized to receive unt:l
next SATURDAY. March I5th. 1902. for de-
posit all and any shares of the stock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
fame terms and conditions on which It now
hoi 4s more than three-fourths of the capi-
• tal stock of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
at ea.id shares.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Cashier.
Pan Francisco. March 7th. 1902.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Modern Home Realty Co.
Call bet. 8 & 12 a.m.. rm.-43S. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: reading--!
by mail U desire 1. Raymond. 227 Taylor *t
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINC, atty.. Examiner building:, room
«13; all ca6es; damages, estates,, wills, mort-
gages, partnerthlpe, attachments, ;ollectlons,
etc.: legal* papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges ; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without rucces«; established Id yrs.
q. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. «27 Market st. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees:
¦ 11 ca*e«. J. M. THURfcTON. S19 Matket et.
L. P. CLARK. Emma EpreckelB bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BASEMENTS TO LET. ,
A— NEAR Market st; large roomy store: con-
crete basement: splendid opportunity. SPECK
& CO.. 66'7 Market st. ¦ :
BICYCLES For Sale or Kxcliangre.
ALI^EN is celling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out: agency Columbla.Monarch.oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pump*. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..betsth& 9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ICURSE wishes childern at lowest terms: large
eunny yard:nhone: nr.school. 1607 California.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 114'J Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES. .. °S.j
A^f 1400? FAlloON7~vicinTtj- : of Market" lend
4th «ts. ; net rent $40: good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — Sf2.">00: CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle: leasa: place clearing above $250 per
' mon'.h ; death In family cause of sale. J=ee
. K. a. WILKE. i-b'i Kearny st.
A— £4000: DELICATESSEN and fancy gnwry
Ftore: established years; rent $20; stock of
•fifFt-class merchandise; will Invoice $3000:
business known as a first-class paying propo-
: sition. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»£ Kearny st.
"A— *35O; SALOON and dance hail on 'Kearny
: St.: 3 llvine rooms nnd kitcht-n : rent $.15.
"Pfeitlc-clars at R. G. WILKKS. 26'4 Kearny.
A — $S0O: BEST located saloon on -water front;
elegant fixtures and a first-class paying busi-
ness; rent $40; investigate and you wi!I find
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26"tj Kearny.
A— *125; RESTAURANT
<Jood business .'
... Slcknetf cause of a real bargain ...
R. G. WILKE. 2SH Kearny st..^-sT-»
A $25f>: CIGAR st?nd. with laundry office, en
- Third rt.: rent '$17 CO; daily receipts $10
• and more. All pcrtlculars or R. G. WILKE,
•JOS Kearny M.
A-*R5O; CORNER rajcon with 6 rooms: rents
$15: ™rroun<1«d by planing mills, lumber
)~V4* and railroad shop?: clearing above $100
pea month, rail R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny.
gAVfttO: HARDWARE* and crockery store with
plumbing shop: on Fourth «... near Market;
trmd bu*iner«: rent .°t?0. Cail R. G. WILKE.
"?J 1 - K«-«rny ft.
A=^SU0O: CORKER ?alcon with room- and
rr.rrcer.'H". lunch. Ftirrounded by breweries
tiTui malt hcus«-s; r~nt $37; clearing above
¦ *1MO per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 26°&
K»arny rt.
• A RESTAURANT north of Market doing fine
• business-: present owner Ruing East: must be
' rold" at once. ItOHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A LODGING-HOUSE on Market, clearing $1KO
' ' a. month: ftn~ furniture; r>"i years' lease:
rooms all rented; POCO. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A PALOON un prominent corner: 6 years' lease;
tvell stocked: must b« sold :Jf20i)0. ROHLFS
<O.. 41 Third rt. V^"/
A "HALF-INTERKST in best livery stable in
-¦Mission: ;< years' l«-ase. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
>.?A— SALOON on Third st. close to Market; 2
..y'.ars" le.i£e; fine fixtures: $1000 stock; good
"ic-as-cn sMiing: $2750.. liohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
A- -PHOTOGRAPH gallery on MiirkeFfi~fine^
ly fitted ur>: defrig fin* business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO.. 41 S<!._
A — RAKKRT -with 11 rooms attached; present
. o*n«-r been there 16 year*; all utensils for
baking: $12S" ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
.A- -WHOLESALE and retail liquor store on 3d
*t: stock will invoice $2500; cheapest rent on
Mrcrt; want partner. HOHLFS CO.. 41 Sd.
f'MF. rsreains— MoRF.IDE «- C«J.. 7C5 Market.
K2-J-S-- Hest eu rant & oyster house; Rood.cheap.
1* *"Vt — IteEtsurant: cood location: 10 more r»-
taursntf. $2<1O— Saloon: $4iX>. $600. $1200 sa-
loons. $175. S'^Si. $V)<! cigar stores.
LOOK out. Uundrymen! Steam laundry; part
for FBle; good chance. ' McBRIDE & CO.,
7« .I Market f t . ; phone Red 3433.
. ti'o — CIGAR store. In s:ood condition. Mc-
nnWiiZ ft «C. 7a-. Market St.
A — to C'CAR stand*: prices $75 to $1500:
profits t2 to $« daily: rfnts $6 to $125 month.
I -can s*l! you a llrst-'isss stand at invoice.
HEDGES. 4*1-4<d2 Parrott building.
A— $3Qu: ¦ PARTNER -Ranted; suited to steadv
young man ra'.isfied wltli ?1S to $25 a wee*.*:
...".* no :«sper»eoc* rr?q-Jire<]; trial given before
having. 25 <5eary st.. room 4.
tVf\ — GROCERY More; splendid location Oak-
\*n<l; cheap rent; old -established place; feei!*
only on account departure: positively a bar-
P? n. Apply P. D. DE LUCA & CO.. .J18
Kcarry **
HEALTH- CARR. r, i;<Jdy Ft.. San Francisco,
room* is ar:o 19: phone James 2771 — We sell
\>!I kinds of business opportunities, city and
.•rotmtry ml mat*. Cull 'or write for our
sprinted list proi«ertie* for fal«» and exchange.
A— SC30; CORNER saloon: b*st In city; 100
others Sl.'irt to $'i000. STRAND. 2C9 Kearny.
$2?."— <-IGAR *land near City Hall. KRASKY
*- CO.. KVWA Market St.. room Hi.
EAISjOX — A small <"oni»r (or sale; good stand,
frujulre *t 1*3 "fifth «t. : no agents; (450.
*-.v«) WILL bay a -firot-claen grocery without
1 ar. Including horfe irt4 wagons ;: established
12 yearg. Box *406. Call office.. ;.
'• V.KML ' ' r»tmtf «n<I business - chance •" office for
- *sfe: rent $12 £0; ' large «pace at ¦ foot of
flairs; fine location. 921 Market tt.
nELP WASTED— MALE— Con. |
WANTED— Young or mUMle-affPd man with
push ability, office experience and cap.t.il
to take a position- In office and learn tha
management of the business; only responsi-
ble party need apply; can Invest money ani
become member of firm later on If they
choose. Box 4163. Call office.
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
men and laborers wanted for railroad con-
. tract Wadsworth. Nev.; wages, $2 per <1ay;
board $5 25 per week: $2 deposit required;
company will refund samp after _U days. E.
B. & A. L STONE CO., 000 Broadway, OaK-
land." Cal. " .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S navy- able-bodied, unmarried men of_ good
character, between the ages of 21 and ...>: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over G feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Cftlce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTKD — Young man about 30 years of age
for office work; must be good at figures;
first-class reference required; state experi-
ence anci salary expected. Address box i4J°j,
Call ofnee.
WANTED— In large shipping office, young
mpn; must be experienced and efficient ste-
nographer and have general knowledge or
office work. Reply box 4119, Call office; state
experience and salary expected:
MEN to learn barber trads: barbers In demand;
only requires S weeks; tools donated: cata-
1 lr*ue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
C35 Clay st. ....
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : l;iO large
rooms; 25c per night; gl to $2 per week.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated: situation -guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED — Flrst-claFS dress goods salesman
and silk salesman; state age, experience and
salary expected. Apply box 3704.
WANTEI*— 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
GOOD all around shoemaker; bring bench tools.
1320 Park St.. Alameda.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army sho?s,
SOc up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. oth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R. I
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia et :
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every "Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY, on hand arid for sale or trade.
- well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
HEAVY double team strong almost new plat-
form wagon, 16 feet long; suitable wholesale
Ciouse; heavy expressing. Owner. 8 to 9 a.
m., 1A Seventh st " .
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold: new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st. corner Elsventh.
FOR SALE — Cheap: .elegant ladles' driving 1
horse: can be seen at PETERS' Stable, 1314 j
Grove st, near Devisadern. ' ;
FOR SALE — At* a bargain: fine business horsa i
and buggy. See at PETERS' Stable, 1314 '<
Grove St.. near Devlsadero. ' ;
SAN Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses- j
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to I
M. L. FANCOAST, Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DON'T buy new or second-hand wagons until
you see *our stock buggies, $10 up; -wagons.
515; surries. $25; largest stock; lowest prices.
2170 Market Bt. ¦
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.driving horses. I5th& Valencia.
ALL fcinds of wagons, buggies, carts, .harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
2 BUSINESS buggies, good as new": a bargain.
137ft Turk st. : ' • : .
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$47 50 — HOUSE of S rooms; large basement and
large yard. 1613 Bush St.. near Franklin.
. HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms; large basement;
yard; fine location: Portola. off Waller, bet
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. C3 Portola.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT^
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success: free consulta-
tion. Ro*m 33. Liebes building. 139 Post.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Saturday afternoon, March S, In Sher-
ran & Clay Hall, Sutter St.. or on street,
jr.'nk fur tippet Leave at Call office and ob-
tain reward.
STRAYED or stolen — Saturday, March 8, a
yellow St Bernard doc. license 4346. Return
to 1007 Castro st; reward.
LOST — Small open-face gold watch, blue-enam-
eled back, In chamois cover. Return to 822
Alvarado St.; reward.
LOST— February 21, pug dog. San Francisco
license. Return to 1290 Van Ness ave. - and
receive reward.
LOST— St. Bernard Cog. 10 months old: new
collar. Reward at S43 Thirtieth st.. Oakland.
FOUND — Small purse containing sum of money
at 15th and Market Apply 3435A Sixteenth.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nia Watch Case Co.,220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MARRIAGE bureau;- est. 1S37; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
3IA.TTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
' Brass. Iron, beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cates taken; the most difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all eubjects
of a delicate nature; by consulting him sava
time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist-
30 years" experience; instant relief guaran- j
. teed; home before and during confinement: I
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st. ' '
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3 i
. at .the old office. 122$ Market St.; 30 years' j
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience In S F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 906 Market s:., op 4th; fee low.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES* original"
method of treatment: maternity home; horns
Xin confinement 112^ Market st. S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and Uurins
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN, ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 10071J Market: avoid delay; $10.
.DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockto^ st.. opposite •
" Union square; all diseases cured by herbs. '
— FOR SA1LE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery M c nT
/. TOSH &-WOLPMAN, 195-107 Fremont st
35 H. 1\ economizer boiUr and 30 H p « n
5!" e> T? 4W l; 25 ~ H ' r - bolIor and engine. $2>v
2Vs ,, H^ ,7- Orion < al Kas-oline en E tn<», $— :
small boiler feed pump, $20. II. s. "WHITE"
130-132- Beale st. '
A ~; BUY I* .f el13 or rents sear, machinery en-
H^^fe^l^H pufle r-
B fd fl p^T^^ e^e^o^SxB
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co. (S5 Mlsskm
PATENT on new. powerful and light engine
-s^jssrs.
K5^PI.0VME\T WAXTED—FEMALE.
WANTE!>-Dy rcllabhTwonian. light work of
any kind; good demonstrator: good sales-
woman; understands batr work, ecalp treat-
, nif-nt. shampooing singeing, bleaching and
• hair dyeing; facial treatment, steaming, etc.
Address M. box 4131. Call office. . ; ¦• ,
YOUNG lady," bereft of mother, will exchange
sei vices morning and evening In quiet fam-
ily for board and room (unfurnished); refer-
ences; elderly couple preferred. Box 440S,
Call office. - ' :- '".
FRENCH girl wants place for chambcrwork
nnd sewing : good references. H. P., box
412!). Call office. ¦-- - . ' ' . ¦ ¦
COMPETENT , colored woman wishes place In
small family for' cooking and downstairs
work. Please call at 933 Sacramento st.
COMPETENT woman wants position to do
laundry work Wednesdays and Thursdays;
wages $1 75. Call (512 Treat ave.. nr. 10th st.
POSITION as housekeeper in email family.
305 Larkin St., room 00.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st., near.Mar-
ket— .200 rooms; 25q to $1 50 per night; $1 50
t^$C week; convenient and respectable; free
l^^ and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fill more.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscriptlcns has been established at lOOrt
Valencia st. - ' ¦ '
EMPLOYMENT .WANTED— MACE.
INDUSTRIOlJsToung^man. strong and willing;
- fan milk; understands horses and gardening;
handy with tools; desires work anywhere.
Box 4177. Call office.' |
A GARDENER, German, desires position; ref-
erences from home and abroad. Box 4174,
Call office. , " '
FRENCH girl having her mornings to spare
would teach French to children. Address
Teacher, Call branch office, 800 Hayes st.
GOOD baker wants a situation;, country pre-
ferred. Box 4176, Call office.
WANTED— Position by lumberman; had. expe-
rience In all branches of the business; Is also
pood accountant; had experience as manager
six years: competent to take charge, of busi-
ness; city or country.. Address box 4120, Call.
SINGLE man, good appearance, wishes position
with good house, with view as city sales-
man; small salary at- start; references.. Box
4157. Call, office.
MAN, wife and boy, 18 years of age, -want a
job on a ranch near the city; man and boy
can milk 45 cows; wife is a good cook. Hel-
vetia Hotel. 431 and 433 Pine St.
A GOOD reader, correspondent and nurse of
traveled experience wishes to attend on an In-
valid; no objections to country; Al refer-
ences. Box' 4151. Call office.
GROCERY clerk, youns man, thoroughly . ac-
quainted with grocery business, would like
a position In merchandise store; country pre-
ferred. Box 4150, Cail office. >
WANTED — By a first-class all around machin-
ist a position as foreman in some manufac-
turing . business;, has had experience; good
references. Box 4154, Call office.
"WANT position as porter in wholesale or re-
tail store; have horse and wagon and will
also do delivery for same store. Answer by
mail, box 4161, Call office.
MAN, steady, experienced (34), handy with
horses, carpenter's, painter's and mason's
tools, wants work anywhere. Address box
411. r >. Call office.
POSITION wanted by a steady, sober man us
foreman In milk dairy; not afraid of work.
Box 4402. Call office. .
EXPERT accountant 28 years old, 10 years In '
last position, desires any kind of clerical
work; best references. Box 4165. Call office.
I EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes situation;
steady and reliable; references. C. 28 West
I Mission, ft.
j STEADY, reliable man wants position a»
waiter. 725 Utah st.
j YOUNG Japanese boy wants position at house-
work; speaks English. T. TAM, 515 O'Far-
rell st .
POSITION wanted — Young man .wants position
as porter In wholesale house; city references
as to character. Box 4121. Call office.
GARDENER. English; practical; references.
Box 4114, Call office. '
COACHMAN and gardener, English; refer-
ences. Box 4113.. Call office, j ¦
FIRST-CLASS coachman; -handy man about
place. Box 3658. Call, Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. •,
FINANCIAL.
RAcTHc^ljn^erwrTt^^
have 42 of flees in operation; new method of
placing stocks. and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main of flee. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated 'and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest:- Co., 326Post
; flats to LET - _ :_ _
ELEGANT sunny corner flat. 2502 Sutter St.,
corner Broderick: rent reasonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished modern flve-rootn
flat for sale cheap. 647 Ellis st
FLAT, 5 rooms, $11; cottage, 4 rooms, $10.
Key (-23 Second st.
¦FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 3907 Twenty-
fourth st
TO LET — Rear flat. 4 rooms. Inquire 418
Hyde Et.
l'TLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— Flats 4 & 2 rms.. pan-
tries, closets, piano, garden $25, $15; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale Rt a sacrlfice^ — Fine furniture of pri-
vate house, now In storage; cash or install-
ments. Box 4125, Call office.
4 ROOMS furnished «in oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE W ANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Bt, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK guede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept in repair. . 121 Grant ave.
ItELP AVAXTED~FEMAIiE.
MRsTmTe." DAY "&"cb7?rr!\ Phone^SaiiTl575r
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 waitresses, first-class commercial hotel,
$25 and found, fare paid, see party here this
morning; 2 waitresses, north, $25 'and found,
fare paid: 8 waitresses, different country
hotels. $20 and $22 50, all fares -paid; wait-
m-8 and chambermaid, $20 each, country,
fare paid: 6 waitresses, first-class city ho-
tels. $25 and $30; 2 restaurant waitresses, $7
week, no Sunday work; 3 chambermaids, to
.wait, $20: chambermaids, $17~*5O and $20;
' pantrywoman, country hotel, $20. fare paid.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Girl ' for housework, 3' In family, $30, short
distance, eee lady here; housegirl, 2 in fam-
ily, city, $25; cook, small family, no wash,
S.tO; nurse, one baby, $20, $25; 6 houseglrls,
¦ $20 and $25; houseglri; country, $20, fare
paid; .second girl, $20; 4 young girls to as-
/ slst, lleht work, $15.' MRS. M. E. DAY &
. CO.. 335 Geary St. • -
HOTEL housekeeper, must be experienced, $30.'
MRS. M. E. DAY & qO., 335 Geary St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & c67s.. Phone Grant 1S5
? HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Walter and waitress, country hotel.. $K»
Waitress, short distance, see party here.. $20
Chambermaid, to wait, summer resort $20
Chambermaid, plain place, north ::.$&)
¦ Waitress, nice country hotel.. .$22 50
"Waitress, first-class place, city .....$."<O
Dinner waitress 50c day
Waitresses, city and country, f! . . . . .$20, $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........
'3 nice places, small families. Oakland, $20-
$25; hauseglrl, . Mountain' View, $20; 20
houseglrls. city and country. $20-$25; second
girls, city and country. .'
C. P.. HANSEN & CO. ". 104 Geary st.
3 MORE extra waitresses, short distance, $1 50
¦". day and free fare. C. R. HANSEN ,& CO.,
lOt Geary st. . , ¦
TWO Infant nurses. $20 and $30; German sec-
ond clrl, $25; -nurse, - erown children, and
sewing;' chambermaid, hotel, $20: waitress,
$25, ' and a number of girls for housework.
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton et. . , /
WANTED— Girl for ' Beneral * housework ; small
family;, wages' $20. Call • at 2515 Broadway,
near . Scott, after 10 a. m. . t - v ¦, ¦«¦
GIRLS wanted lor dressmaking at 1407 La-
suna st. .-• -
WANTED — Apprentices and finishers on ladles'
tailoring. Call at 622 Larkln st. ¦
"WANTED — A eirl to do housework and. plain
cooking. $25 Golden Gate averhie, upstairs.
EXPERIENCED. apprentice ; on -custom coats.
¦ • 8 ; Geary court, .oft Geary St.. near Jones.
A GOOD , talloress who knows how ; to , make
good button holes." - 927 Market, room • 62."..
WANTED — -A nurse girl for baby; good. wages.
Apply 3374-Sa'Cramento st. . .
UPSTAIRS' girl; German. - 2930 Sacramento
-St.- cor. Broderick.; . ; ', •'." ,
GIRL for housework- and assist' cooking. . Ap-
ply 'after 9 at 522 Golden (Gate. ave.
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses for Hot«l : Mon-
; . . trosc, corner Van ' Ness ' ave.', and Geary ; at. ;
- BtJSiyESS CHASCES— Con tinned. I
JOSEPH ETRAUB.
S50 Market St.. corner Stockton.
* Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Aeent
Property Bousht and Sold.
Rents Collected." l
--'-> f< Ixians Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent. I
A — Oyster and chop house »t Presidio: owner 1
to leave city; a bargain at $350.
A — Restaurant and delicacy store: doing fine
business; owner Blck; good location.
A — Grocery and bar on Elli* st.; good place and °
cheap rent Price $1600. !
A — Cigars, notions and laundry office; rent $18;
2 rooms In rear; receipts $C. Price $300.
A — Lodging-house pouth of Market st. ; $350.
A — Grocery and bar in the Mission: owner can-
not take care of the place; rent flS; 4 living
rooms in rear. Price $900. ]
A— Saloon near Market st. Price $1500. j
A — Grocery and bar on Golden Gate ave.; owner j
¦ retiring from business. Price $2500.
A — Partner for a saloon on Kearny st.
A — Grocery on a Rood corner on MiEsion st;
owner has other interest*; fine place for j
man and wife. Price $2000^ i
WANTED — Young or middle-aged man. with ]
push, ability, office experience and capital,
to take a position in office and learn the
management of the business; only responsible
pajrty need apply: can Invest money and be- j
come member of firm later on If they choose.
Box 4163. Call. J j
IF you are seeking safe and profitable, invest- I
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoll- j
•tan Horse Owners' tCo-operatlve) Association ;
. (incorporated under New York State laws) : 1
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N. .
S. HAND. Secretary, 113 Stockton_st j
$400— PARTNER wanted; light manufacturing!
business; lots of orders on hand; owner prac-
tical workman: well known and reliable: no
experience required; sure profit .of $100 a
month to each. Apply 632 Market St., r. C.
FOR LEASE to a reliable party, the WM.
TELL HOUSE; furniture for sale. Further
Information inquire at 3!7 Bush st, room 12.
FOR sale — Retail hay, grain, coal business: es- j
tablished on main thoroughfare for 15 years;
fine location; cheap rent on lease: capital re-
quired about $1000; principals only. Address
box 4122. Call office. j
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever i
devised: average monthly profits over 80 per •
cent; explanation free. If. S. HAND & CO.. i
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st. [
SALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fix-
tures for sale or rent; opposite railroad depot 1
In Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL,
Paso Robles-, Cal.
$250 — STEADY man as a partner in an old
reliable road house/: worth double the amount
to-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine St.
PARTNER wanted; capital $300 to $500. Apply 1
120 Sutter et., room 52. ;
$250— RESTAURANT and oyster house; good j
paying business: account sickness. 411 4th. 1
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — SPECIAL; 20 rms.; cor.; clears $165; $500 j
cash, bal. easy terms; price $1600. Retsloff. i
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms: i
70 rme.; elegant; Jong lease; clears $4OO.$6SOO i
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 400 •
20 rooms; clears $125: payments 10W !
16 rooms; Eddy st. ; reduced to ,. 000 !
6 rooms; flat: bargain 200 '
22 rooms; 3d st: clears $100; payments.: 700 ,
10 rooms; Jones-st. corner; only 275;
7 rooms; bargain ; easy terms «00 j
17 rooms; clears $75; only 250 i
10 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450 I
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
900 Market st.. cor. Ellis, room 12. '
A— Near The Call building, i
•Telephone Black 1-S-0-.1. !
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. r-ns 1-2 •
MONEY TO LOAN. " !
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office, i
>A11 for sal-s on easy terms. Please call. ;
BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Please remember that I have three comjw- I
tent courteous, sober business men associated')
with me and that we will gladly refer you to i
hundreds of people for whom we have done !
business to their entire satisfaction. WE }
SELL city and country property, lodging- '
houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds. j
— — WINSTON &. WOLF — !
1026 Market st 1026 Market st. ',
<Photograph Gallery Entrance.) j
16 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments. .$1150 '
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000 !
23 rooms; rent $65; must sell 1230 ",
,"»i rooms; corner; cheap rent 1500-
29 roomsr rejit $75; must sell 120<»
i 4S rooms; new; "corner; rent $200; elevator, j
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ~" i
S50 Market et <Inc.) Phone Davis 281. !
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels, ¦
business chances and real estate.
"We furnish vacant houses and j
Loan money »t lowest rates.
Something new every day-t
New houses to lease.
A CAMERON~&TcX"-~ ~~ j
85') Market st. and S Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328. :
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business I
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit :
you: have bargains In hotels, lodging-houses, i
flats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city. |
KRASKY & CO.. 1040 A Market Ft. i
• A — 20 rooms: sunny side of Ellis St.* $750 ,
rash. bal. easy payments; snap. ;
$ISOO — Transient house, near Mkt. & Taylor, j
20 rooms: near CityyHaM; rent $50 $1400 !
22 rooms; on one floor; new carpets; owner i
leaving clt,y; bargain. j
23 ROOMS: all sunny: 2 floors; all full; steady !
roomers: will Fell eheav> on easy terms. M. !
. E. RIVES. 916 Market st. ; tel. Main 12SJ I
12 ROOMS: all sunny: running water; rent $50; I
nice home on easy terms: money loaned. M. |
K. RIVES. 016 Market F<L : tel. Main 32S. ;
McBRIDE k CO.. 765 Market st— Some bar- ;
gains: $3300—33 rooms. $2000-32 rooms; |
.$750—16 rooms. $1300—21 rooms. $600—26 I
rooms. $550 — 10 rooms. 60 more houses, ¦
some bargains, in different locations.
A — NOTICE — We have roomlnc-houses. all !
size* and prices. In all parts of the city: get :
our list first MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
SNAP — Flat of 6 rms: suit, for bus.; only $273.
Part cash: furniture worth $500
McBRIDE & CO.. 763 Market st j
MCALLISTER, 7«9— 10 rooms, all full, newly
furnished; clears $40; price $750.
$S50 — 21 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent f4"..
KRASKY & CO.. 1049 Market St.. room 16.
SPIRITUALIS31.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl.. Sun.. S p. m. ; 50c. 10S4 Bush ftt
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter., $2. 11134 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
i EDWARD EARLE, 32S Ellis; readings dally;
I phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
i KATIE HKUSSMANN. business sittings daily.
i 1774 Fifteenth St.. near Guerrero.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
! Meyer: sittings daily: test to all to-night; 10c.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and buoiness medium, permanently
located at 17 Third -St.. next Examiner bldg.
Sh» reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
1 ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you -will be toli! how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45&>.
A— 50c and ?1. PROF. "WELLER, clairvoyant.
. scientific palmistcard reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic trouble?,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or weman you love; mail 81; nend date birth,
lock hair. 6 questions. 1007V", Market, nr. Cth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is. permanently located at 120C Mar-
kft Ft. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 2Ti ar.d
"<~>: take elevator. Perfect -satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, .the great clairvoyant, tells
paM. future:, never fails; has the jrreatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture future- hu«-
band or wife; fee 25c and up: satisfaction to
everybody; open Sun., 10 to 8 p. m. 215 <£ Cth.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
pRlmlst. permanently located 1148 Market, op-
poslu» Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. in. •
. to 5 p.m. - Sundays, from 10 to 12 a.m.
I A— MISS M.- Wlf.LE. 336A Ellis'; clairvoyant.
j crystal f»r: reads your life correctly without
quea. ; full names: 50c-$l ; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
! MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
I advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
I MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant ami
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c.G. 5Oo.
11ME. WALTERS, great card reader; la'. 25:
gents SOc. or»l Mission, neat- »Sth; open Sun.
MRS. COLBY. 1041% Valencia— Trance sittings
daily, prior to her, vacation March 22.
MME. CATtraafNE DEAN, .dentine card
reader. 122 Sixth ft. office 2. • . ¦
MR?. JACQUE. trance. Bluings: palmTstry &
card leading; 26c & 00c. 3U0 Cth et..r. 12.
HKLi» WAXTEP— FRMA1X— Cnn.
A GERMAN plrr~for~co4klng. light housework
and plain Ironing; wages $25; also a German
girl for upstairs work" and to help with older
children: wages $20 to $25. 1-S17 California.
WANTED — -A competent girl to do cookins In
a small family; references required.' Apply
at 1910 Washington et., bet. 12 and '1 o'clock.
WANTED— Young , Kir! for housework an.1
plain cooking. Apply 10 to 12 a. in., 1322
O'Farrell st. ¦_
A GIRL wanted for housework: .sobd plain
"cook; no washing; $20. 233 Third ave.,
lUchmond district.
YOUNG girl wanted to take care of baby;" one
who prefers a good home before high wages.
Call at 2090 Mission st, cor. 17th... In store
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct inexperienced hands- the trade
of making overalls free of charge: will b«
paid while, learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32& Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Immediately. 3 ambitious Jrirl-j to
learn hairdresslng from A to Z-ln 2 weeks
and take charge of private -customers where
you can earn $50 per month: course $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15.
BUTTON-HOLE maker; steady work at best
wages; must be first class. BELASCO' &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St. . >
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid whlls |
• learning. BELASCO & HARRIS^CO.. 641
Market st. * ' '
OLD-ESTABLISHED firm of this city can give
two experienced business women an oppor-
tunity for lucrative employment Box 415S.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED "operators on overalls; Inex-
perienced paid while learning. 9 Hill st,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
SALESLADIES and makers for millinery; we
want the best and we will pay the. highest j
wages. 130 Sixth gt.
WANTED— Young girl for plain cooking; small
family; wages $.20. Call 1615 Scott, bet. 9-2.
WANTED— Pants finisher; only first-class need
apply. 1000 Harrison St.. corner Sixth.
STRONG young girl for general housework;
$15. 2036 San Joso ave.. Alameda. !
WANTED— First class millinery saleslady.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.. at Hale Bros.
GIRL for housework; sleep home If preferred.
° 3704 22d St.; Castro-st. cars; wagew S10.
FIRST-CLASS waist finisher; also an appren-
tlce. 610 Eliis st " . ' / ,
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion;
salary $30. Box 2994, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200, Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements anS
subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A — MURRAY & READY Phone Main SMS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.Office Open 7 a. m
3 machinists, country,' fare $1 $3 day
Shingle packer. Santa Cruz County; gardener,
private place, country, $30, see boss hera
Monday '.
Farmer and wife, $40 and found, see boss
here; 3 dairymen, butter and cheese makers:
5 choremen and boys; 5 pruners, orchard and
vineyard; 6 farm hands and teamsters.
Youns man to drive delivery wagon, city;
milk wagon -driver, $50 and room; book-
keeper and stenographer, country.
. . WOODCHOPPERS— REDUCED FARES . .
50 more woodchoppers, good camp, virgin
timber, level ground, big wages
Redwood, SOc Hardwood. $1 50
Pine, $1 25 Ties, 10c each
/ •
Dishwasher, springs, open year round, $23,
fare paid; chef cook, country hotel: 5 cooks,
hotels and boarding-houses. $40, $50 and $60
and found; 7 waiters, hotels and restaurants;
kitchen help, etc. . S
MURRAY & READY, C34-C30 Clay st.
A — ROBERT LEINBERG, teamster, please re-
port. MURRAY &jREADY, 634-030 Clay St.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st.
FOR THE REDWOODS— STEADY WORK
C choppers $40 to $45 and board
4 barkers. $35 and board
10 railroad laborers. S26 and board
All ab6ve for same saw mill company.
Buggy washer, country stable. $30 to $35 and
found; Swiss milker, near city, $35; German
or Scandinavian janitor for Institution. $25
and found; 2 woodchoppers, gum trees, $1 50
a cord; choreman and wife, private place,
$40; 2 coal ¦ miners; fare advanced, $2 75 a
day; 10 farmers, orchard and vineyards, $25
and $30; coQk for bay boat, $45; butcher boy,
city shop, . $30; 10 redwood tie and post
makers
COOK and wife, $55; oyster fryer. $40 to $45;
second cook, qountry hotel, $35; ranch cook.
$12 50; 2 dishwashers for country. $25 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C28 Sacramento et.
JANITOR for institution, $25 and found;
- milker, $35 and found; carriage woodworker,
$3 to $3 50 day: coachman, $30 and found:
.choremen, $10 and $20 and found; milk
wagon driver, $50 to $55 and room; 2 vine-
yardists, SI day and board; 2 woodchoppers,
$1 25 cord, tools advanced; trimmer for mill,
$G0; lumber sorter, $60; blacksmith for coun-
try shop. $50 and board, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third/ st. ; phone Bush 405.
SAWMILL AND LUMBER CREW.
20 lumber pliers $20 per month
iiO experienced lumber pliers... $20 per month
20 experienced lumber pliers... $20 per month
• 1 pond man $00 per month
Head trimmer SfiO per montn
2 lumber graders... $2 BO per day
1 section foreman '. ?2 50 per day
- bridge carpenters $."! per clay
"- 20 redwood tiemakers, 10c to lGc, 3 jobs,
tools and fare advanced.
MAN and wife for small commercial dining-
room: $45; good room; choice place. MRS.
M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st.
A PORTER for summer resort; $20: long'sea-
son. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A WAITER, commercial hotel: $25. MRS. M.
E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience-required. L. LEVY, Battery and
. Jackson sts. •
BARBER shop for sale — Averages from $120
to $130 per month: established 8 years; shop
and flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for fam-
ily of 4; rent $15: price $250; $100 cash, tho
rest $10 per month at 4 per cent interest
1035 Gucryero st.
BARBERS — 2-chair barber shop for sale: llv-
lng-room in rear; price $150. Address box
. 4173, Call office. * ¦
BARBERS' revolving chairs: several Kokens
& Koch's Columbia, slightly used, cheap.
STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
COATMAKER wanted to work Inside; piece or
general tailoring. 1282 Folsom st.
BOY wanted. Slalls 1 and 3, Union Square
Market. -
WELL located 2-chalr barber shop,, rent $8,
$75; leaving city. Address box 4179, Call.
BOYS, 30 to 14 years, to distribute circulars.
Room 21, 1236 Market st. ' ¦
STRONG boy wanted to work In furniture
store and on wagons. 2304 Fillmore st
"WANTED — Barber: steady extra man. 237^
Fifth st. .. ¦ . -,.-
WANTED— Tinsmith that understands roof-
In?, at C7S Geary st. ¦_
DISHWASHER wanted at 107- Berry st, near
Third; call early. . '
BAKER wanted; second hand on bread. 480
Hayes st. . . . ; ; .-.-'-.'
BOY wanted to work In store; between' 15 and
17° years: must live home. 05 Third st ¦
"WANTED — A young man between the ages of
IS and 18 years to run an elevator: one who
has had some experience with an electric ele-
vator preferred. Apply 7:30 o'clock. Monday
morning, at 71S Market st., S. N. WOOD &
CO. - - 1
WANTED — Young man who has had experl-
.ence at office work: must be good at figures;
first-class local references • required. Apply
_at HALE BROS.' , . ,
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ¦'¦¦ ';.' •-¦¦¦'.
WANTED — Steady man with $125 cash; no ex-
perience required; permanent place; will -pay
' $05 per. month. Apply 1016 Market, room 10.
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
. some cash; no experience necessary; -$13 to
" $15 week; steady place. Brown, 1221 Market.
A' YOUNG man. . quick at figures, bookkeeping
and typewriting; one with restaurant ex-
¦ perience preferred. . Box 4117, Call. '
WANTKD — Young man with $90; tend cash
restaurant; $40 month. BROWN, 1221 Market.
YOUNG men, blacksmiths, carpenters and sea-
men for ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
"WANTED— Flrst-clas3 ladies' tailor: ¦ steady
-work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 984 Geary.
WANTED— Butcher boy to drive wagon. 1010
': Fillmore st. ¦•. \ .-
EXPERIENCED under nrcsser on vests. Ap-
ply S N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
AT 630 Market st— Ex-soldiers to file extra pay
. claims, etc. - O. E. HOWli.'
GOOD talkers; salary and commission. Call
' at room 45, 810 Market st.
1 P- ' -
STEADY man. with $150 cash; no experience
/ required ; $15 week. ' 035 Market St.. room 12.
WANTED— Experienced - domestic "salesman
Apply box 3703. Call office. -
cl '.* t n vn v \y ff s—Cq^jM r.i^L^^. I
MRS. LA VON. ¦ wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no payj. 28c anil f>Oc. 704 /Howard, cor.^ld.
PRINCESSJISHMAEL; Egyptian clairvoyant:
accepts engage, prlv. parties. lOOSVi Market.
MRS. B._Bauinann. well-known "fortune teller,'
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 O' Fan-nil.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card rp.ader: ladles
25c: gents 50c; reading."! daily. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from I>oulslana;
only 10c; from I to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4tK.
CARPKT nEATIX.G AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
fng Works. 353-357 Teliama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
renovated, rolaitl. 104 14th St.: tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main .",94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop-
RIIDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.MlFsion 2G3.;
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
S.'J3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 12G.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th fit.: tel. Mission 74.
CAPE NOME.
FOR) freight and pasyage to Capo Nome and
Yukon River -points. Call or write C. V.
MOORE. 935 Market st.. room 0.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. (5th
floor! 91<5 Market St.; advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body- of. attorneys. »______
ATTACHMENTS and collections. R. W. KING,
attorney. Examiner building. 6th floor.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTT A GE S W AIVTE D.
ARMY, 3C24, between San Jose ave. and Guer-
rero Ft.— Cottage, f» rooms and bath; rent $1.V.
DENTISTS. .
A-DR. T. S. HIGG1NS, 027 Market st, Emma
Spreckel3 bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings,' $1 UO; other
fillings. ?1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up: plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural end guaranteed, $5 up. ' - "
Painless extraction.
, I do first-class work only and guarantee It.'-
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges |
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free: prices
f-heapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SCO Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our f=peclalty:gold
crowns $3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st, cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
pas given: lady attendant." R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fllllngs.COc;
plates $5,' full Eet; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago . Dental Parlor?. 24 Sixth st
SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; botb warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2;. fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 0 "Turk Ft.;
crown ,and bridge work: gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St. : expert
workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth' without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. .
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkln— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1185 j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking: fits guaranteed;
$S up. 769 McAllister st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^AXD^SC^JOCJL^O^^L^CTmcTLTENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F.;
catalogue free.
i AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; '$50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
'. spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
i new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
j HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
! S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
j all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
; engineering; day and night: catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
; Stanford professor. . Phelan building.'
! A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court sd-
i vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHE1J-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
[ following? Life scholarship- $50; catalogue.
! WANTED — By a gentleman from Paris and
i graduate of Berlin University, lessons in
1 English in exchange for those In French or
. ,Gc-rman by capable gentleman. ,4143. Cali.-
I AT the last test at S. F. Bus. College. Miss
Stevenson wrote 2C2 words a minute, new
i la-.v matter: read perfectly: Gregg shorthand
| is tho fastest •» ;
! ACTING! elocution, specialties; Hallet Schocl,
! associated with theatrical agency securing po-
i sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell Et.
j ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
! vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S84. Van
; <ler Naillen School. 11.1 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
; ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
1 beginners and college graduates perfected.
I TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bide.'
I CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
j modern methods: positions for all graduates;
! new 60-pags catalogue free. 305 Larkin tt.
i SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages,320 Posf.estab'd 1871 :a blest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
! class, $1 month. 1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
j MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
j lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth pt.
. ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping.' grammar, wrltlnpr,
j etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
j SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
j VIOLIN, mandolin.- guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $0 mo.
! ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY . an i
ILLUSTRATION— night clasg. 424 Pine gt
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S03: new SO-uage catalogue free.
E3IPLOYMESIT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
1 and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta, 12"3 Page. cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 420.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeais.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlee. 415 Stock-
• ton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help. .
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
I waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S3.
JAFA:n°O6E Intelligence Office — Furnish mofct
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 PoweH.nr.Sutter;tol. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT - WASTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; Rood worljer; first-
class laundress; can do almost any kind of
wash; strong- and willing; work by the day.
728. Howard St., room 4; , wages $1 25.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, with . best refer-
j ences, wishes a position; . private- family or
j line boarding-house;, cltv or country; wages
$50.' Address box 4180, Call office. .-.•'-..
A SITUATION -wanted by a woman to do gen-
. era! housework and . cooklns; would eo a
ehort distance in the country. • 1236 Bush st.
NEAT German girl wants position as plain
cook and for general housework; wages $20.
Address T., 1090- Valencia st. ', |"
YOUNG girl wishes ' to assist at housework^
wages $15. Call 408 Minna st -, :.'.' ' I
WANTED— By young- women of "good family
and education, position as secretary, com-
panion or governess; references exchanged.
¦ Address box 232, Hanta Barbara. '
STYLISH dressmaking in ladles' and children's
clothes by an experienced- dressmaker In the
late designs; also dresses, renovated. 1237
Webster st.,' near Ellis; references;-..
MIDDLE-AGED colored woman wishes a posi-
tion to take; care 'of a child at home' or at
party's home through the day. Address 124
William st., city. --. - * - -¦'
REFINED Swiss -girl . wishes a , situation '.for
upstairs-work and sewing or taking care, of
grown children; American family preferred:
city references.' "Address I. II.; 40COA 17th.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE—Con.
A— SEALSKIN* "laeket for xa!e ror $05. Port* "
land Lean Office. -3 Stockton st
FOR »ale^steam~b^ilcr. 12x12. r.t Tannery.
Seventeenth and Carolina sts^
~FOH Hale — About 50. gal- country milk dally.
Address Del Hanibrf PafrT.lMartt°°>ea. _
j 12 H. P. engine, almost new: only useJ thr«#
[ munths; very cheap. Fox -J1S3. Cafl office.
LADY>S Crawford wheel cheap. 07S Fine ?u
INCUBATORS? ; 3 Petalumas: cheap. Inquir*
C. M. ULACK. 31S3 Mission St.
QUANTITY of high grade tailors' cloth pl*t.-»
gcods. IOC." Mission st... opp. new Postofflce.
13.-U0 Gordon. $125: we buy. sell or trails in
materials. HOAG. 151 Second st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
EAKEr. & HAMILTON.
ASK for price-? on second-haml typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 llont'gy.
1IAGIC lanterns, new and 2.1-Hanri moving pic-
turcs. EULLARD .t BRECK, 13t Pest st
"Wall paper 3o. worth 10c: parferhansjng. pair.t-
lrs. Merlran. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home ami domestic sewln«j machine;
good order: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, al! sizes, n»w and 2d-hand
1 and launches. .1. B, DOAK. 300 Mission -st.
ENGINES and bnlWs; second-hand machinery*
J. BURKE. 139 Bgrtle st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand motlern engines and bolters
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE KEK-
MAN SATE CO.. 417-42." Sacramento it.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for oli seal-
pkins; address at once; will rail anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 3270. Cal! office.
BIO prices paid for sealskin coats; also ger.t*'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st. : phone Bush 1S4.
10 ENAMELED baths, 10 sinks. 10 boilers. 1O
tank closets; new or 2d-hand. Box 4401. Call.
TILTON .wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrl/.-tl goods. 154 Oth at.; tel. Jeasi? 2S51.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AlHERllXTMURPHr, ebl^6«2 Examiue'r MS
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages
i On Life Interests in Estates „
Property Bein^ Held in Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
• Life Insurance Policies: Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See'HERMAN MURPHY. 601-603 Examiner.^
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc>
S^CO 000 at 8V. and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate ar.d legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
1 HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in rea.1 estate In probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business e!sewher»
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3...'
ANY proposition, any amount; e per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loana. Room If!.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st; phene Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S4'l
Market st; tel. Main IC44. Branch 10 Thlrrt.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no lemoval;
! lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
• 26 Montgomery st, room 7, opp. Lick House.
I ON .real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture cr pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary st, room 30.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden-
.tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 117U Market st. room 6.8.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privat*
party no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S, Conservatory bid?., 301 Jones.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan: stop pay-
ing rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st.
OX2 per cent on furniture: S3 a month on each
S*0OO; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party, St Ann's bldg.. (J Eddy, rra. 72. 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants', Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MCRRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
rooval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money t»
buy it. A- E. RL'DELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan -Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
3IUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL must so without reserve. Sale^ open*
Monday morning at 8. First callers will get
first choice of 150 pianos. Some special bar-
gains:
1 Sommer $*>s
1 Antisell "$39
1 Neuman (small upright) !!$85
1 Sherman & Hyde
4 Chickerings from $135 to $2-35
3 Steinways from $135 to $395
37 Heines from °|185to-$390
30 new upright planes exactly the same as
offered as bargains by others for $183 we will ,
. sell for $0S. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINB PIANO CO..
¦ Geary st. opp. Union Square.
A GOOD idea in buying a piano ~ls to be sur«
that you are getting & reliable Instrument '
from a reliable bouse who win be respon- Z
elble for it and see that It Is kept In order.
There are »o many fakirs abroad in the land,
and fake sales are so otten resorted to. that
a purchaser cannot be too careful. Wg sell
the Wissner. Decker. Baumeister and other re-
liable pianos. You buy on the payment clan
if you wish. THE ZENO 2IAUVAIS MtSIC
CO., 760 Market st
ALTHOUGH many seemlnsrly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but
can offer exceptionally fine pianos and larz-
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.- Broad*
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '
Second-hand upright- pianos from $33 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ ft
1°S- 1 ?, to 5? O'Far?ell. Chlck-ringl mLou
& Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
AN £ V p ia n° S <>1<1 by us taken back any tinv»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowad on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O Farrell'st.: established 1SC0. *
EOHMER <« CO. pianos; Byron JIauzy pianos:
pester pianos; Epielrr.ann pianos: Cecillan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 30S. 310.
iU2 Post at.
SMALL upright. $33; large cabinet grand up-
«ght. $150; square pianos. $35 up; a. R. i
Cameron, walnut rase, almost new. 527.\. ¦
; Bowers & Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivors & Pond astar^
"WK offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos >it
bargain -prices from $S3 up. F. W. SPEN-
CEU & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell st3.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $100 up-
ward: values best In the city. PIERC°E°.->
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pj£nos r.ow on display
at the new music storo of Th6 'WUey B. Allsn
Co., 931 Market st.
AT auction prices. 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap- new airi feeond-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 171t» Market.
PIANO free- party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell It Room °>3. 23j
Geary st. .
¦yVANTET* Four good squares for halls.
BYRON MAl'ZY. 310 Fost st.
n p. T^ECTRI r> "flf-pl.Tying pianos; barffaln.-!.
* BYRON MAL'ZY. 310 . Post 8t. ;
HANDSOME ."-pedal upright piano: sarriflro
account unfor^cen pircum?ta-.ices. ..— Eddy.
tEFT on sale ?r>5 mahogany case Neumann
Piano. Room 3S.1Z35 Geary. at. .
FIXK uprTsht~p!ano. $1W; Rood crder; very
etwp: no Tagent^jieift Uirkln «t '*££;'{¦
Tt\nr. \IN grest sacrifice ; 2 uprights, nearly
nfw. JO5"SGHM1TZ & CO.. 1C McAUIrter.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargam^.
STTLI.~^enting new pianos. $•". per month.
BCOTT-CUKTAZ Pl»no_Co 1: _BC0_H3yMJt L^
SUPERIOR violins, zithers. ol« and new H.
MULLER. waker^ repairer. 2 Lathan^plac^
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly f
rail 1ft pases, sent to any address In ta»
United States or Canada one year for H.: ¦¦ -\- ¦¦ HJEIID . STAH -XiZmS. ? ¦&*£*
NEW TORK— ANTWERP— PARIS. . .
Vaderland, . Mar. 12, noon Haverford. Mar.20,noon
Kens'gton, Mar.lD.noo.ilFrlesland, Apr.: 2, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION' CO..
J y . CHAS. . D. TATLOR. ! 30. Montgomery jt.
AMBHICAN IjXIVB.
- NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
Bt.^ Paul. Mar.-12.10 «-.jp|Philadel..Mar.28.10 aj»
St. Louis.Mar.19.10 amlst. -Paul. Apr. 2. 10am
OCEAN TBAVEL.
The worst punishment of all was meted
out to Tsai-I Prince ; Tuan and Tsai Lan
Duke Tu-kuo, who were , sentenced to be
brought before the -Autumnal Court of
Assize for execution.'- .It was agreed that
if the Emperor saw fit ' to grant ; them
their lives they should 1 be expelled to
Turkestan land there. imprisoned for life,
without the .possibility of a commutation
of punishment. Life < imprisonment in
that country Is so much worse than death
that convicts Invariably choose the latter
when ¦ permitted » to - make a- choice.'' ¦
"When we get hold of a bold, bad man,
such, for instance, as "Little Bobbie" Van
Wyck, all we- can say is "Go way back
an' sit down." In China the imperial edict
is, "Go and commit suicide." 'It may be
that occasions : arise when: the I "Little
Bobbles' don't'obey; but in. China -when
a mandarin is told to commit suclde he
puts his house In order and executes the
sentence of the court. Because of the
troubles in Peking two' years ago, which
led up to a concert • of -the pow
ers with . coersive sentiments, Messrs.
Tsai Hsun, prince :. Chuang, *"¥ing-
Nien, President^ of j'the ' Court of
Censors, and . Chao>s.,Shu r Chlao,, Pres
ident -of the ' 'B.o.ard£of>: 'Punishments,
were condemned ¦ to > commit ; suicide. The
edict ! was issued onUhe ; 21st of February.
Prince Chuang killed-himselfion that day,
while Ying-Nien and Chao Shu-Chlao took
their lives on the ,24th.«There • is a • grim
ness about this that; appeals "to the imag
ination. In America^ every -man .Is the
architect of his* own* fortune- (with a lit
tle outslde~a.ssistance)^but ln!ChIna. every
man may be his own-iexecutioner. «, I, am
waiting for, Mr.^Rockhlll to tell us 'more
about' these official "suicides.- . .
Often Given and Always
/Obeyed..
"Go and Commit Suicide" Is an Order
STKANGE PUNISHMENTS ;
IN VOGUE IN CHINA
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ~ '- J 
, SAN FRANCISCO, March 8, 5 p. m.
The v following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same .date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ...0.22 29.05 38.17
Red. Bluff ....... 0.50 27.78 22.05
Sacramento ...0.10 lti.15 ¦ 16.70 '
San Francisco ... 0.15 16.53 1.8.01
Fresno-. 0.34' 5.83, 9.94
i Independence 0.05. 4.04' 5.70
San Luis Obispo. . 0.22 19.85 27.04
Los Angeles .... 0.5S . 9.35 13.66
San Diego ....... 0.30 - 4.97 8.58
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 45; mean, 51. ¦ v .¦ ¦
THE COAST RECORD.
• ! O 2. K - O ." » ~^j
' ? --2 d^- -iff 2
STATIONS." ; § \\l\l% \\ €
. :.. $ I ' : "- i ¦ v §
: ? ? • • . .
Astoria ......30.10 50 38 S -Rain 7l2
Baker 30.08 42.32 N Cloudy .04
j Carson 30.02 40 28 n' Pt Cldy .02
Eureka 30.26 52 40 NW Clear .22
Fresno 30.08 .58 46 >f\V -Clear .34
Flagstaff ....29.74 44 28 . S Cloudy .10
Pocatello, Ida .. 32 ..... .
Independence .29.86 52 36 N Clear .05
Los Angeles.. 30. 04 58 50 NW Rain .58
Phoenix :29.80 72 48 SW Pt Cldy T.
Portland 30.16 52 42 " SW Cloudy .01
Red Bluff ...30.14 &S . 44 NE Clear .50
Roseburg 30.20 50 42 , NW Pt Cldy .01
Sacramento ..30.12 54 44 , NW Pt Cldy .10
Salt Lake ...29.82 44 44 NW Cloudy .02
San Francisco.30.10 56 44 W- Clear- .15
S. L. Obispo.. 30. 12' 58 44 AV Pt Cldy .22
San Diego ..J30.06 58 ' 46 NW Pt Cldy .30
Seattle .. 30.0t? 48 38 S- Cloudy .02
Spokane 30.00 48 34 SW Pt Cldy T.
Neah Bay ...29.04 44 38 SW Rain .34
Walla-- Walla. 30.04 54 40 SW Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.O* 42' 30 NE Snow .01
Yuma 29.88 72 40 W Clear _T.
Temperature at," a. m., 46.
WEATHER .. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
" FORECAST. >
Light rain has fallen during the day over
Washington,' Oregon, Arizona and Southern
California, and light 'rain and snow in Utah
and Nevada. ' ¦•-.•. . .'
The pressure has risen rapidly over the Pa
cific Slope and fallen east of the Rocky Mount
ains. •
The temperature has fallen over Utah, else
where ' on the Pacific Slope the changes have
been slight. . .
Forecast made at % . San Francisco for thirty,
hours, ending midnight, March 10, 1902:
Northern California — Fair Monday; fresh
northerly wind. - j
Southern California — Partly cloudy Monday;
fresh northerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, with snow In the mountains
Monday: brisk northwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
fresh northwest wind. G. H. WILLSON.
¦ ' Local Forecast Official.
THE SA^| FBAXCISCQ: GALL, MONDAY; MARCH; 10, 1902.
9
~ 'Railway raAviar^
SOUTHER N P ACIFIO.
*»s riuxt'iM'n.
«MaiuJ.ii«« 4 Foot or Market Stt-eU '
IKAT* — Fll>"< FURCAlK 9. Itfl — ARIWTS
/•iOOa Kiiitri*. Kuisuii, Kluilra tuJ ctcr*
tu«ii>>... .„ • 5-i»
'iOOa Vac.* ilia. V.'i t r\ Ritnt** . «x33»
' . i3i»a M vrili.i*v, .-• in l:»iium,\ »lif J<>. N&i'*.
• v inli«iiv»wi'wnw •*••«•• '.....- *tS3r
S:U»a |li»Ti«, W.MMilitr-.I. Kiii«lit#l,kiuliUK.
.%: .rjMill*. • >r«>» IJ1— ...i. 7>A»r
*:«>••, AtUntl<- Ktvrem-DvW ami I'ast *•>«£*
»su«* Nil**. I.dhr .| . Sl.-c-ioi "»»•»#
fi:<»oi .ml*. M.Mk.tn. lLi.fu«d. V:««Ii*.
.' 'I'mfe-Tilli'.... v . .'..'.¦ ... .. 4:53»
*i:iim s)m- 1 rt t> . -•.,-! >,,i>. Willunmrfor
l.nrll.ll S. TiLi-.H?. u'ilinva. 1U.I .
- . ISUilf. l\.rtli>«l .. ?i»S»
»i:mi» s»h .»..«-. l.iTr-rhii>rr, Slunk ton.
? I..!,*. M»rmm.»i... l-l.ic-rvllle.
. M-.rj*»lll-, <;lilo.. lt-t.| ltlu<r 4:S3»
ftsXM n»kit»;<.CI>i>n>M,.H<.|ii»r* iiioli:mne 4:'**t
ViVn\ llnrnnrtl, .Niliiumi Way Swlloi.*.. I Ii»3a
Vi««>a VaRrjo... ...: :..'..; I ar33»
l»io«» l.iw A us j' 9* Eivrexs— M»r*l»«ir,
Traef. l.Hti.r..,. HtcMtWtti. M,rc««l
l'rK^M.. «mt I^« AnEo'r* «... 7 :Mll
!»::i»» V»|l~).>. IWIkMtwM Wny Srallmi* «!•"»¦"»»
ittjWW^Tlm.OTrtUn.l Mu.lred— «>gd«iK l.'»o- ' -
¦ ' t«r, iitnaha. Chlntgn. :.,.;....>... »!a.-J»
tl:0«r Miicriim.m!" Ititur Mi»»hi.ti«.. ... >ll:Ot>»
. 3:«<>i- II. ui. Li. WiiitPM. Hucriuiifiito,
\V..,..iu,,.I. Kiilkl>U l.mtillnK.
M .. ry»«ill.-. < >¦ .nlll« I ?»: »1 »
, 8:nitr llaywuril, Nil<'«*i»l Way Htitli>r.a.. • ?I.13»
/ 4.IMH - Mui'tiiivr. Shi. IU.i.o... Val'.vjii.
N»|-» I'iiiivi.i;*. s,...»» ll.m* itil
' 4JOUP NJ!o». Mfcrmore. SMir.kt.iii. LihII... I* Mr '
4>:t->r lUjwunl. Mliw, *»n l.w, I.I.- rinore !»:•¦»»»
4:Vnp Tim <l«l Minit^l *- Ki«M.,,Tiil«rf,
: «UkerB(l«lil. SAiigtm for .Santa l!»r-
liitra, l,im AiiKnlea'.. '.. HiS<1%
nionr Porr<;<ista, Tr*ry. I a'hroj>. St'rktnn IimV9a
Stttftr Martln>z. Antiuch. Stocktun, M«r-
ood, Frwno tS<91r
SKHtp ||»r<.»r<i. Nilen ami Haii Jnw....... ?:»**
. JB-.OOr V»ll«Jo "11185%
• i«l»r Oriruial Mall— «'«rten. Donrer.
<)iii»Ii». St. Louis. '.'liloagii *l83»
7ittl»r OroKnnitnil t'»llruriiU Kiinnn.Ni*.
r»i.i«nt.i. MarjHtllU. KwI.IIik.
I'm IIhimI. |-ii M at .Hoiii.i1 »ml East i'33»
¦ in.-VrSar. 1'aulo. Port Conta, llattlaaa .
a..rl Way HUtliinl lliSS*
|gto.ir va»>)... .¦ :-......- .?»»*»
COAST IilNE <."»»rr»w V*»fh
'¦' ( foot »>f II TUnt Stra«>.)
aiirj* N«irark.(ViiUr.llle,HanJ*»,lffltois ,
UoiiUlorCrrok.HaiitaCiuiaud W«y
Htatlom •)••*
Itilnr Newark, C'e.iter?lll«, Han .1 ¦>¦« NaW
.AIiuaJ«». Ktilfini. llmtUTsr Ore«k,
Haute Crux ami 1'tlnelpal Waf
Station* ,. tAilt**
4tl*r Newark. Hau Joao, I.oa Oatoi. ...... t9:3t»4
«».3»r Hunters' Trait. -Sab. Jose aad Way
Butlom..... .....:. f7Jtn
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
torn SIS FRASCISCO— Fjov if Muktt Strnt (Slip 8>—
f i:15 tf 00 11:00A.M. 1:C3 3:00 MlMt.
fmoOllUm— riil«rBfi>iw>>.— tn-.OO taM f3;C#
10;00».m. 12:00 2.08 «:88r.M.
COAST UNE (llroail Uaagt).
(ihlrit and Townnaml SU.) - -
•:I»a S»n Jose and W>Ttttattoaa... u .... «s4»a
7s«Oa Man Jo«e ami ffi» Stntlom fSl*«*
/7i««i New Aliraden v /4il«»
•iOOa Coast Line Limited — Ban Jo»«, . /
. * Gilrny. Salinas. San Lni» Obispo, •""¦
Santa Barbara, Lou . Angeles and
principal lntermedUteiUtioTii.... 10i43» '
¦•••a Han Jom. Tras I'inos. Hanla 4!ru«, '„¦ U
, Paeliia Uroi*. Salinas, flaa Lais
¦ ' ' Oblspo ai«l Principal lutermedUt*
Ntaklmii «llOy
IOiSOa Ssa Joie and Way Station*...: CiSO*
lltUOA Ban .Into him) Way Station* llMt
- t»:«5F fian Matro, Kadwoo<l, Menlo Park, «V .
Palo Alto. fJaoU Clara. San Jns*.
• •. ¦ Tre« PIdob, Santa Rms, Sallnam. .
MoiuoreyniM PaglHo GroTS fl«r48*
¦ :»»r H» n Jo»a and W»r Station*. IiB*S>
MtlSr San Jossand PrinclpaJ Way Buttons ».»•»
4tO*r Sunset limited— Mondayt, Wednes-
- . dsji, IMdats, for Los Angeles,. 13
Paso, New Orleans and New York. ¦ .
S ¦';¦•. Arrtrea Snndajs. Tnesdaya sad
' ThnndsT* •>•••"••••'•••'•'•••••••• *•'**•
MiOOr San Jose, Los Qatos and Pilacipml ' *
Wa, SUtiooa t»i««»
Bi30F3au.IoaaaBdPrtnofpaIWa» Stations *:3.»r
¦ *i.1ftf San. lo*a and Way .Station*.....*.::. '?•>•*
' tt*9t Kew Orleans Expremi— flan Lois .
¦ : * Obiapo, Santa Barbara. L©» Aa-
tsl«s, Damiof. El Fun, Nsw Of
loans and Ea»c .................... llr*«a
0tU4»r San Jom ay.l Way 8tmtlons.. 7»»*»
- A for Morning. . P for A f ternooo.
t Bnnday excoptad. . t hnnday onl* _^
. aBatgrdsj onlr. / Tuesds-f* sad Frtdafs^.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave. Market-street Ferry Depot. "'
i Local Lirn'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Daily Dally Dally
Lr. San Fran 7:20a 8:0©a S:0O p 4:19p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a U:10 p T:18 p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:llp
""Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:13 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 pf »:27 p 8:68 a ...*..
"Visalia... 3:39p| 5:00a .....#
" Bakersfld 6:15p 6:20p 7:45a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
- Chicago 2:15 p »:CO p ...... ,
.. a for morning, p for afternoon. . „
8:00 a, ra. train is tne California Lim-
ited, earryins; Palaeai ' Sleeping Cars and
Dining; Cars through to Chjcago. Chair Car
runs to Bakerifleld for accommodatioa of
local first-class passengers. No- second-
class tickets ars honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4:20 P. m. la Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. in", dally. •
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and)
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which eats out at Fresno.
Correspondiny train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. ra. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 041 Market street and in- Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ;
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEKN RY. £0.
.LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Franclaco to San Rafael. ¦
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; IMS.
3:30 5:10. 8:30 p. m~ Tttqrsdays ¦Frtt*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Blstr* trlpa
at 1:50 and 11-.3O p. m. «««..«,
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9*4o. U:0O a..m.; 1:3* 3&K
6:0O, 6:20 p. m. ' . . ¦ ;
San Rafael to San Fraoclaco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 svm.:
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips 'at 1:55 arid 6:35 p. m. . .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. m. j ' "
Leave I In Effect I Arrtv*
San Frandaco. |Apr. 28. 19011 San Frandico.
Week \ Sun- 1 | Sun- f Week
Days. I days. | Desttnatlon [ days. 1 Days.
- 7;3Cam 8:00am Novato. 110:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10 :23ant
& :10pm S:0Opm Santa Rosa.t T"35pm .6:2Opm ;
' . Fntton. I
7:30am . Windsor. . 10:23aa»
5:00pm Healdsburgr. lOUOaas -
| Lyttnn.
Geyserviile, ' -. . • -
3:30pm J»:00am Cloverdale. 7*^5pm « :20pm
¦7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am.
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm « :20pm
7:30am .'•' ' ~~' •¦-' 10:40amjlO:23am
8:00am Guerneviile. 7:35pm{
3:30pm S:00pm ¦¦"¦I «:20pn>
7:30am 8:0Cam Sonoma 9:13amj 8:40am
and I .
&-:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:C5pm! 0:20pra
7:30am| 8:CO»ml " 110: 40am j tO;25am
3:30pn>| S:0Opml S«bastopol. I 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark tV>st
Springs and White Sulphur Sprines; at. Fulton
for Altmrta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserviile for Skan» Sprints; at Oiverdala
for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. HlsMand Sprtnjr*. KelseyviUp. Carts-
bad Sprtnirs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Kprings; at Ckiah for.Vlehy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John' Day's. -Riverside. Llerley's. Bujknell's.
.Sanhedrin KrUhts. HuUvllle.Orr's Hot 3prlngs.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bra<ic. Westpcrt. Usal.
Wllllts. Laytonville. Cumralnj, Bell's Springs,
Harris Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eurjka.
Saturday ,ta Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates'. . ' .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San- Rafael at hair rates. : -. .-¦
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronlsl*
btiiWlng. • ' ' ¦¦'..-
H. C. WHITIXO. . , R. X. RTAN.'
Gen. Manager. Oen. Pass;. Agt.
• . . ..•»•. - . . ¦
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
• Leave > Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. - Foot of Market St. San Fran.
»*50a. 8:00a. -4.. B!mh . hw , « TJ0 !«*» «*• '*•« A.
i l:i;» p. * "•' w " k t***"**; feaa p.
. ¦ r»r«. S»k Tnmifre* M 3u™mtt *mt iMn. »1 .V.: I .
SakctOfiCM. C!I HAJUU'S STilXXI ud SACSALrrO TZSXX.
a Dr. Gibfcon^s Disp^usary,
629 ICEAKHX 2ST. EstaMb-bed
tit IS34 for the treaCm>-nt nt itivhw
Diseases. ijntManiivnd. Debiilt.r or
itls»as«.weartng:i»ii hodraml aiiml <iii(i
SklnDiaeftscs. The Doctor enmwu+n
ftthersfa.il. Try him. fHnn**** Jow.
«nr*«tra»ranl*>«-d. Cnll&rwrlM
l>r. J. Fs WlttBOA . bau Frauclaco. CaL • • .
MIXES AXD *"*J* G^
THE .eranfisft chance ever offered u? now op*n
fcr'a good D^rtJ to act as director In open
'ti£ the •¦\Vahaj-h Mine." near Amador. on
mrtlier l^d". near K>$«trt>e mine. Hoom 40ti
arrs*x to Call. ?• F- —
Oro r>. CAMT'EKLl,. huryr.Examiner hlc. S
T-". : fctanrh BfBo. Nom*. Alaska, ma sun ll>02
UK»W< '!•> *M> M'OHKS TO l,E T.
i:mtTTpRFCKEJ^s ti»?Z ;>27 Market TTTof^
firrs n-ith l!£ht. boat and janitor. BIS to f2u.
O PHTOX A G ARPIKKR.
H.ii^F Ftor» to let: puitabie f^r any business.
JflCS Mission St.. opp. new Postcfflce. . .
!'ACIFIC. "2S. near Sansome— Handsome larse
flore: cheap.
}-('\"N"V offiff* Just Wow K>arny 5t.. Sin.
also lur-c ft"r». Kfv> CW, C]av sit., room 1.
OIL. '
OIL tanks. "Bd-liand. In good order: all sizes;
.-hrap. U. S. WHITE. 130-132 Regie «t.
IV.lXTEItS A\» DECORATORS.
FIRST -CLAPS work: low rates: net figures." j
¦ C. ROMA INK. <»4O G. G. ave.: tel. t'o!k 1C|
P>Af*KRDCG room. wall*. Jl f»0: jmintlne. $1 ;
whitening. 7.V. Pair.ter. ::!"» Golden Gate av.
rALJlISTUV.
HHS. K. PKAKCK. r,ciemiflc buTii^s^paTmlsT.
jmrlors 12 and l-I. The Vendome. I lot, Market
ft.: hours from 'J a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. <J. L. NEERGAARD reads I to 4. TOO
Post 6t.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
Ji. JKROMK FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor yt. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
I'ARTXERS WANTED.
PARTNERSHIP inter^rTn^h^Usale^jobbing
and manufacturing business, well estab-
lished; competent business, man necessary to
take active part; capital required. $10,000 to
*15,G00; full investigation; principals only.
Address box 4175. Call office.
PERSONALS.
CLOSING out my old warehouse on account of
removal; 2(XfO gals, old port and sherry, $1
per gal.; 500 cases champagne, vintage "95»
$10 per case; 282 cases of California cham-
pagne. $6 per case; Walnut Grove whisky.
$2 per eal. ; very old McBrayer whisky, $3
per gal.; 11<X) bottles champagne, quarts Me.
pints 35c; wines by barrel at reduced rates.
FERDINAND HOLTUM. 517 California St..
phone Black :»«; established 1SS5.
INFORMATION WANTED.
The executors of Charles Winter want to
¦ find his son, John Winter, aged about 52
years, machinist, formerly of Newark, N. J.
Said John Winter was last heard from In
San Francisco, Cal. Address THEODORE
WESTERMAN. executor, Newark, N. J.. or
Chief of Police. Newark. N. J.
January 2S. 1902. '
NOTICE TO ALL MT CUSTOMERS — I have
opened a new. fine store for dry cleaning
works, imported iaces and embroidered linen
a specialty, on 1927 Polk st.. near Pacific
ave.; formerly Van Ness ave., corner of i
Bush st. Tours respectfully, MRS. J. DORA ;
KIRCHNER, nee Epindler; tel. Larkin 4013;
2S years' experience.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
fl5: with these FUits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ment*. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
rt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Ft., near Market: 700 room*; ]
25c to $1 50 p-r nl«ht; $1 50 to $6 per week; I
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry, i
WHY guess? You can be certain of style' and !
fit by using Standard Patterns; March pat- ,
terns and The Designer now ready. J. WJ ;
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Gtlj. '
A— WHAT do you think? O. * BERMAN, To
E!li6. makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns. '
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quartor
cr double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
HAIR dressing, any style. 25c; first-class sham-
poo, 50c; bair dried in 10 minutes; switches,
¦wigg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market et.
Kiectroiytic. removal cf moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mlys C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Nesn MISS A. V. DOYLE.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G S.Moore..">>2O'FarreH; eend for circular.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, -hot air
treatrrvent for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary.r.27. j
SAFEST method; electric massage; ladies only;
50c treatment. 1st free. Call, add. 334 y, 10th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates;" 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle epeciallsta; enperfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr8.Trav&rse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
Instactly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brlgga — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9e8 Butter; tel.Larkln3173 .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 00; dress pants. $2 30. :
MlEfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dunpnt. j
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAIXT. the
best c«<m cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
a bsolutely~fr^e^6S;s1El~tation— ai"i
diseases of men and women treated success-
fully. Prepare aJl medicines myself. DR.
- FORDEN, No. 6 Turk St., corner Mason.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
turgeon, at 1122 Market gt.; hours 10 Ao 8.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence. '
102m Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
OFFICE of the Contra Cc*ta Water Co.. room
16. eecend floor. Mill*' building. San Fran-
cisco. March 4. 1902. Dividend No. 198 of
42 centa Der share on the capital stock of
the Contra Ccata Water Co. will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16, sec-
ond floor. Mills building, on March 15, 1902.
Transfer books will close on March 10, 11)02.
at '¦'. p. m.
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Ccm-
rcr.y. Con.; a dividend, No. 30. of aeventy-
flv# cent* <75c) per rhar* on the Issued capi-
tal Hock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, reams
2O2. 304. 206, Hayward building San Fran-
cisco, on March JO. 1802. Transfer t>.->oks
r!o*e March 3. 1902. at noon. J. R. LEAV-
ELL. Secretary.
SHERIFF'S SALE. ~~~ ~~
SHERIFF'S SALE — N. CLARK & SONS (a cor-
poration), plaintiff, vs. WILLIAM PATTER-
EON et al.. defendants; No. C5.825; Superior
Court. Department Ho. 7. Order of sale and
decree of foreclosure. Under and by virtue of
an order of sale and decree of foreclosure,
iisued out of the Superior Court, Department
No. 7. of the City ar.d County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, on the tith day
of February. A. L>. X'M2. In the above en-
titled action, wherein N. CLARK & SONS
<a corporation), the above named plaintiff,
obtained a Judtment- and decree of fpre-
closure ajjainyt WILLIAM PATTERSON.
CAROLINE T. WILLIAMSON (formerly
\ Caroline Trcnholm Butler) and UHOMAS
WILLIAMSON, her husband, defendants, on
tee 14th day cf January, A. D. 1902, which
eaid judsrr.T.t and. decree was on the 16th
dcy of January. A. D. 1902. recorded in
judgment book 6C of said court, at page
187, I am commanded to sell all that cer-
tain lot, piece or parcel of land, situate,
lying, and being in the City and Ccunty of
fian Francisco. State of California, and
bounded and described as follows: Com-
mencing at a point on the northeasterly line
of Eighth avenue Fouth, distant thereon one
hundred <lfifjj feet southeasterly from the
eouthfasterly line of N street south; run-
nine thence southeasterly along eaid north-
<BEterly line of Eighth avenue south on«
hundred <10ii) ;>«¦. thence at a right angle
ncrthrayterly one hundred (100) feet; thence
at a right anrle northwesterly one hundred
(100) feet, and thence at a right angle south-
westerly cn<? hundred (100) feet to the point
of ••commencement. Public notice is hereDy I
given that on TUESDAY, the 11th day of
March. A. I>. i:»O2, at 11 o'clock a. m. ot I
that Uay. in front of the City Ha!!. McAl-
Ilii-tcr Ftre»t wing. In the City and County of
San Francisco. I -will. In obedience to said
order of eaif and decree of foreclosure, sell
the above described property, or «o mucn
there.if as may be neeeswiry to raise suf-
ficient mon«>y to fatisry >aid Judgmtnt. with
interert airj certs, etc.. to the hitrheet and
b<-ft bidder. !?r lawlul money of the United
ttates.
"JOHN LACKMANN. Sheriff.
fian T'rancisc^. February 17, 1U02.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SLTHLIKs.
CHKAT BARGAINS IN TVPEWRITEnS-^V>
sell bt-tter machines for less moner than uiy
howp in the city: r«ite!s ?;. The Typewriter
Exclianc*". Ti-S'S California: t'leplionc Msln 2««5.
WEHSTKU Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
Uiiew liter doctors; cftlrrjite Irte. 2(0 fcanscme. 1
GJ'Frlenu's and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltid to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
. of H. P. Petersen, 228 McAllister street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street.' where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
retiose of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross -Cemetery.
SMITH— In Oakland, at' .536 Twenty-seventh
street, March 9, 1902, Freda, beloved
daughter of George and Anna Smith, and
cister of Anna and Fannie Smith, a native
1 of Oakland, aged C years 2 months and 10
days. ¦ -• j .
HEAL KSTATE— CITV— KOH SALE.
i EASTOX. ELDHIDGE & CO,
t;S MARKET ST.
TUESDAY .' March 11. 1002
At Our Salesroom. No. KiH Market St.,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
GOUGH-ST. CORNER MANSION. \
Northeast cormr iNo. HOC) Gough and Kill's
fts. ; a fine, la:ge. elesant rnod.rn residence
14 rooms, finished attic; modern plumbing, etc. ;
mn and light in every room; corner lot. 65x
lU3:l>i.
DOWN TOWN IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side of Sherwood st. (Nos. 9 to 15A In-
clusive), loO tasl of Third st. and north side
of jfatoir.a st. (Sor. 20-22). 140 feet east of
Third st.; Un tenements In good condition,
renting for ?:tl2 per annum and always tented;
this, property lias a frontage of «O feet on Sher-
wood st. and a frontage of 20 feet on Natoma.
and being 110 feet in depth.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
South side of O'Farrell st.. 163:6 feet east
of Larkin; a fine let »-ultable for high class
Hats; omy 10 minutes' walk from Market St.;
lr property improved will pay 12 per cent;
present old improvements rent for $50 per
month: lot 25x137 :ti feet.
BRTANT-ST. CORNER.
Northeasterly corner of Bryant st.'. and Stan-
ley place, rast of Second St., Nos. 33G-33S-340-
342 Bryant Ft. ; Nos. 37-45-4" Stanley place,
and Nos. 1-2-3 Stanley court; r.tore ana throe
cottages on Bryant St.. two-story house and two
flats on Stanley place, two flats and cottage on
Stanley court; bringing in a rental of $1404
per annum; corner lot 87:Cxl00 feet. .
WESTERN ADDITION HOME
South^Slde (N'o. 1^7'J) O'Farrell st.. S7.6 feet
east of Scott; modern, well-built house t> rooms
and bath; key lot, U7X49 feet.
BRANNAN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Southeast line (Nos 409A to 409B) Brannan,
75 feet west of Third st. ; , new modern three-
story frame building containing a . store with
6 rooms and two flats, 9-6 rooms and bath; lot
30:6x75 feet.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE. -
South side (No. 1077) Page St., 82:6 feet
: east of Broderick; modern residence. 8 rooms
and porcelain bath, etc.; key lot, 25xS7:6 feet.
SEVENTII-ST, IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East 6ide (No. 547) Seventh st.. 275 feet
south of Bryant; improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 25xS5 feet.
ALSO
East side (Xos. 551-553) Seventh St.. 300 feet
south -of Bryant; improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 25xS5 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS LOT.
¦West side of Church st., 57 feet north of
Twenty-sixth; fine large lot: level and ready
for building. ¦ .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S Market st-
FOR sale — Fine new Mission home; big lot, 57x
.120: 7 rooms and bath: here's a bargain; must
be told; worth. $6000: make an offer; splendid
locality: grand view; car lines close. CONK-
LIN, FULLINGTON & COv. 710 Market st.
BARGAIN; 9-room house; sanitary, plumbing;
fine order. 1711 Broderick "st.. bet. Bush
and Pine.
2 LOTS. 25x120; cor. of A and Taylor sts.,
Colma; reasonable for cash. Inquire 300
Hayes st.
NEW house. 6 large rooms and bath; modern.
658 San Jose ave.. corner Valley.
$5C00— SACRIFICE: nice flats; near Liberty
and Guerrero sts. Owner, box 4171. Call.
REAL, ESTATE COCXTRY— -For Sale
-FOR SALE NEAR SAK FRANCISCO— -
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatt Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlets and Information.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly.
: free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
: tcrtbing all classes of country property, after a
; personal Inspection, for sale and exchange by
N D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 0 Geary Et.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Pcn!nsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
$800 — 7-ROOMED house; 50- foot lot; near
beach. Santa Cruz City; or exchange. Box
4409 Call office.
WOSt sale, at bargain — Point Lobos ave. lots.
Address Owner, box 4178. Call office.
LARGE timber and coal pror>osition: Coos Bay.
Want It? EMMONS & SON. Mills building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lft pages, in wrapper fcr mailing. >1 per year.
PROPOSALig.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Office of the
Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
Eansome Et.. San Francisco. Cal. — Under and
In pursuance to an act mtltled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountvilie. Napa- County. Cat.." and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26, 1901. Statutes 1901. page S23). and tn
accordance with the resolution of the board
cf directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
icrnia. adopted October 12, 1U01. the board
rf directors of the Veterans* Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
'. cealed- proposal, for furnishing the material* |
• nd performing tne labor for the erection |
end construction of said hospital building, at ,
, the taid Veterans" Home at Ycuntvllie. Napa
I County. In accordance with the clans, d*.
?crlptions. bills and specifications; prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such ,
*ealrd proposals will be let. made and en-
tered into: said plans, descriptions, bills and
rpecificatiens can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. ra. and 5 o'clock p. 1
m. of each and every business flay, from j
the date hereof to the date of cald contract ,
or contracts, at the office of the •¦aid di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
820 Eansome st.. San Francisco. Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separate
roctracts let and entered Into as herein
above eet forth, for each of th« following
parts of eald building, erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as'required by an
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts i
en behalf of t«ie State In relation to erection
of buildings" {approved March 23 187fl,
Statutes 187S-C. page 427). and the acts
¦mendatcry thereof, that Is to «ay for ths
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including all
trick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plaitrrlnr. elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
flatinr work, and
Flith. for the painting and graining
Eaid work as herein provided for ccmprls-
lcg the administration block, and the two
front, wards as shown en said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and »pecincatlon». Including ths
furnishing cf materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The work 1« tn be <Son» under the oup-r-
«lrlon ar.d direction of Isaac H. Small and
the bulldlnrs and rround* and the hospital
committees of eaid Veterans' Home, actinic
for and on th* behalf of its' taid board of
ilrectorf.
A «parat» contract will be. let for as many
different Hrd* r,t work as are herelnabov*
t peeiflert. No bid or proposal will be received
cr considered unless accompanied with a good
and eufnclent bond of raid pr«r>oser or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with ruffldent euretle*. conditions] that
Jf raid propo«»l cr Wd *hall be accepted Ihs
party propping or bidding will duiy enter
Into a proper contract and faithfully perform
hU or their contract or contracts. In accord-
• nee with mM rropo«l or bid. and the plans,
(".eecrlptlon*. bills and specifications, which
• re hereby made a part of thin notice and
cf any contrart to be let hereafter.
Said *eal*<J Md* or proposals mast be de-
livered to the *a!d directors of th« Veterans'
Home cf California, or .<• the secretary there-
,»f. at the office of iaM directors, room 18,
?20 Fansoroe. st. In the city and county of
fen Frandwo. State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 o. ra. of the twenty-
»»cond day of March. 1902. which in hereby
«;e*lgnated as the time and place where the
raid eealed b!ds or proposals will be opened
hv the raid director* of the said Veteran*'
H<-m*. «nd raid contracts let and made.
If In the opinion of said board cf director*
rt th* raid Veterans' Home the acceptance
rf tfce lowest of «aid sealed bids or proposals
»hall not be for the best interests of the
Fiate. *ald board of directors herebv reserve*
the rlsht to accept any of said bids or pro-
r«-*pJs op"i)»d as In their opinion may be" for
the best interests of the State, under and in
¦ "•corflance with and as provided by the terms
at »»ctlon 4 of the eald act entitled. "An
. n't Jo reflate contract" on behalf of the
Ftate in relation to erection and building*"
• •pprcvwi March 23. 1876. Statutes 1875-0.
t«r» <"7V or to reject any or all of said
iralM t«M« «r oroDOsal*.
F«r fartb'r Information nnd particulars
I tddlne »-«ntra«»tnrs «re hereby referred to
«he Mtrftjry of the bop.rd of <lirect9r» of «aM
V»t»ran«* Hcm». at the office of eaid board
cf directors, ws herelnabove set forth.
By order of the board of director* of tli»
Veterans* Horn* of .California.
J. J. KCOVTLLE. Secretary.
Hated February 10. 1002.
OFFICE «f 'C. Q. ' M.. Vancouver Barracks.
V.'aFh.. Man*h'«. 1002. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will lv» received here until 11 a, m.
>. pril 4. lf»02. and then opened, for the con-
Ktruction at Vancouver Barrack*. Wash., of
a Eubsl5t?nce rtorchru*e. For fell informa-
tion, plans and ppeojflcations apply to this"
office. United State* reserves rtght to reject
or accept any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
. should be marked: •"Proposals for construc-
tion of a subsistence storehouse at Vancouver
n«rrack». W*rh " »»n<1 addressed to under-
iMrrM. J. W. JACOBS. C O. M. ' •
CO rQTTAHFS asphalt 'roofinr. Building. Dry-
£.r.t ar.d Ellejy «ts., near. Second.
' ''./ROOMS AXD BOARD.:
A— FREE printed list furnished rooms to let;
with or without board; we save, you walking
' 'Mhe - streets. • Tourist " Renting • Bureau, 10
• Montgomery. st.« . ¦ : •
MEREDITH, 21S Turk— Sunny., front rooms;
V electric lights;- hot:and cold water: modern;
.. "first-class board;' reasonable ;phone South 82l>.
MISSION 1520 — Sunnyfront room with board,
¦for gentleman; private family.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished - sunny
suites, tingle rooms; first-class table board.
COR3IN (The), 836' Sutter — Nice sunny room
for one' or two gentlemen; excellent board.
HERMANN. 61 — Rooms and board, with bath,
for gentlemen; reasonable. . . y>-
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel.fur.
-, suites or single; board optional: steam heat.
j JOHNSON. The, C05 O'Farrell — Nice horn*:
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson -Mansion)— Select
family hotel ; exceptional table; popular rates.
CROCKER. The, 015 Leavenworth — Sunny
rms.; sin. and suites; ground and tennis crt.'
NIARA.' 0t5 Taylor — Sunny front j and back
suites: excellent board; terms reasonable.
•ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTER.
BOARD and room In private family; couple
with one child. Box 3717. Call office. ,
HOME for 2 clrls. » and >.14. Abply after 2
p m. to MRS. MAY. : 424 Dupont st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — Room by middle-aged gentleman;
private family; homelike. Box 4135, Call. .
| SPECIAL NOTICES. , .
; f~SAMUEL BERLIN, wish to notify the pub-
lic that my wife, ANNIE BERLIN, having
- left my bed and board, that I will not be
' responsible for any debt contracted by her.
• SAMUEL BERLIN. -,
j BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections/made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
I ALL kinds bought, scld, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone. Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-'
pairing; iowest rates. Tel.. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AXD "WAREHOUSES.
PIERCK-MODOLPH Storage and Moving Co-
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
slon st. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
¦ psny. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and ! death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorred with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JEFFS— In this city, February 28, 1902, to the
wife -of H. J. 'Jeffs, a 'son.
WELSH — In this city, March 7, 1902, to the
wife of D. W. Welsh, a daughter.
WHITE-^-In South San Francisco. March 3,"
1H02. to the wife of J. J. White, a son.
MARRIED.
! FORREST— CLARE— In Redwood City, Cal.,
January 31, 1902,- by the Rev. A. A. Mac-
kenzie, John R. Forrest and Ethyl E. Clare,
.both of San Francisco. — ...- ,.
~ DIED.
Allan. Charles F. . Horn. Mary A. V.
Barclay, Mary E. Lancaster. Thomas
Barlow. Catherine L. Lane, James
Day. Thomas B. Lennon, Catherine
Easton. Charles , Linn, Jacob
Fahey, Mrs. M. Lucas. John W.
Freudenthal; Cecelia McCann, Ellen
Foppiano, Peter Maharan, -Martin
Gritflth. Edwin L. Parks, James
Hawkins, Hazel Reles, Anna
Hogan, Amelia D. Smith, Freda
ALLAN— .In this city, March 9, 1902, Charles
N Francis! Allan, eon of Josephine C. and the ;
late A. ID. Allan, and brother of A. D. and
Jesse C. Allan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years a months 'and 7 days'.
• ICTFuneral strictly private. . .
BARCLAY— In this city, March 8, 1902, Mary
, Elizabeth, beloved wife of Peter T. Barclay,
¦- Uaushter-of--Mrs-»-Br-Jr"WhHe." and'mGther
of Mabel E. Barclay, a native of Portland,
Oregon, aged 50 years 2 months and 2 days.
fc?"Frlends are Invited - to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday), at
• 10:30 o'clock, "at her late residence, 1723
Sutter street. IriHerment private.
BARLOW— In this city, March 9, 1902,
,, Catherine L., beloved wife of William G.
1 " Barlow, and mother of Mrs. L,llla M. Kins-
man and William G. Barlow Jr., .a native
of Scotland, aged 46 years 1 month and 17
days. : V . » . ¦ ..
DAY— In East Oakland. March 9. '1002, Thomas i
dearies Day, beloved husband of Towena
Violet Day, and brother of Mrs. i Frank J.
• Symmes, a native of Brooklyn, New York,
a^ed 57 years.
IG?" Funeral services will be held at his late
residence, 1751 Ninth avenue. East Oakland,
at 2 o'clock, on Wednesday. March 12.
EASTON— In this city, March 8, 1902, Charles,
belovc-d husband of Jane Easton, and father
of Charles, "John, David. Jane, Margaret and
Anne Easton and. Mrs. H. Midlehoff and Mrs.
E. Taylor, a native of Edinburgh, -Scotland,
aged 71 years and 10 months.
iny"Friend3 are invited to attend .• the
funeral tormorrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock,
from his late residence, 610 Buchanan street,
where services will be held. Interment Odi
Fellows' Cemetery. .
FAHEY— Near Cornwall, Cal., March 9, 1902,
Mrs. Margaret. Fahey, beloved wife of Wil-
liam Fahey, and mother of Phillip, Richard,
William, John, James, Mollle and Margaret
Fahey, aged 65 years 4 months and 9 days.
(C?"A solemn requiem mass will be helu
at Antioch, at 11 o'clock, Tuesday, March
11.
FOPPIANO— In this city. March 8, 1902. Peter,
dearly beloved son of Nicholas and - Emella
Foppiano. and crandchild . of •¦ Pietro Fop-
piano 'and Mrs. M.tria. Baciealupl. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years 7 months and
10 days. '
EyFrlends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to 'attend the funeral services
Mcnday, March 10. at 1 o'clock, at his
parents' realdencc. 522 Green street, thence
to Miynt Olivet Cemetery. .
FREUDENTHAL— In -this city. March 9, 1902,
Cecelia M.. dearly beloved wife of John H.
Freudenthal, and devoted mother of Fred
J.,- Cecelia M., Harry' T.. ( Annie M. and
Albert C. Freudenthal,- Mrs.jG. Edwards and
Mr«. R. Cain, a native of London, England,-
aged 53 years 11 months and 11 days.
GRIFFITH— In Rome, February 2, 1902, Ed-
win L. Griffith.
E7 Funeral will take place Tuesday. March
.11, at 11 o'clock, at Trinity Episcopal
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets. In-
' terment private. Please omit flowers. •
HAWKlNS-tln Hollister, Cal., March 5, 1902
Hazel, beloved laughter of Mr. and Mra.
. W. E. r Hawkins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 9 years 5 months and 10 days. .
HOGAN— Entered Into rest in thia'dty, March
9, 1002, Amalia Dobriner Hogan, beloved
wife of Robert Hogan, a native of Manhelm
.Germany, aged 48 years. (New York papers
please copy.) ' ' .- ' . • .
ETFuneral Tuesday, March 11, 1902. at 1
o'clock, from the family residence, 1614
• Eddy street. Funeral private. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. / r
HORN — In this city, March -7, 1902, Mary A
Veronica Horn, beloved wife of Joseph Horn'
mother? of Jennie Horn, daughter - of Jan*
A. and the late Patrick Boylan, and beloved
sister of James Joseph and John P.' Boylan.
fa native of San Franclaco, aged 39 years 1
month and 21. days.
~ ICTFrlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
•' dence, . 344 Clementina -street, near Fifth
. thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
. (Successor to 7Iannagan & Gallagher.* ¦
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -4*4 •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
.20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
• .' Telephone ". South 80. •¦ v .
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
. , NEAREST THE CITY.' ,
Office, 916 Market Street.
, Telephone Bush 367. .' ,,'-fv'r.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
, Samuel McFadden." 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M. J.-
McBrearty.' with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co. . have i opened new Funeral Par-
lor* at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Elgnth.STelephone South 44. . ..'-:- ,-,¦
CHAS; H. J. TRUMAN & CO:;
' ' Funeral • Director* and Embalmers, -
Now Occupy Their Own; Building,
. 1009 Mission street, .between 15th and 16th.
" Telephone Mission' 109. ¦
I REMQVED5
I' - MCGINN BROS., v
I ' FUNERAL DIRECTORS i and EMBALM-
I ERS. to. 224 and ; 226 McAllister st. (For-
1 merly. of JM^Eddy st. * Tel. South 252.) 'n'W
ALAMEDA ¦¦¦AI)YF.RT1SEMEXT5 : .
M, \ llRDX UK. \ I. RST \TE.
?2( ; "i0 — XEW comr-l't* cottage 'cf C rooms;
- Weber ; Ft.: fine location; ¦ everything .- first
class; lot 5CxT2«l; $1200 cash: - terms.. •
New cottage of 5 rooms; lot. 40x120; #2200;
terms J. II. YOUNG, builder, 1243 Park at.
JHRiaiLiiV AbVHRTlSEMENTS
II K K K i:t . K V >» <?. \*' KST 'ATE. ¦_ j V.
$3750— FINE 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot-OOx
15U; near U. C. grounds and electric R. R.
JCS. J. MASON. ' .
'.•/. -*¦ . ' Real Estate, . -
¦ Berkeley Station. '
?3300— THOROUGH L Y well built house of 9
rooms; window shades; combination fixtures;
"i corner lot; street work all done; cement side-
walk: only 2V> blocks from station and 1
¦ blcck from electric railroad. ' ' -. ;¦
JOS. J. MASON,
\ ' Real Estate, ,
¦ ' -•» Berkeley Station.
NEW 5-room cottage: bath, mantel, basement;
sewered: corner let. 40xlCO; Golden Gate.
H700 — ifOOO rash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath: street work done; city water;
pewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train.
. $1750 — $5oO cash balance flat loan. 1 Pacific
Home Building: Company. SO Nevada block.
San Francisco. - . . , ' •¦'¦•.'¦
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath : hjnh ¦ base- ¦
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pases. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FRUITV ALII A DVKRTtSRMENtS
FRUITVALE HEAI, ESTATE.
AN nnparallele«l opportunity; 200xi:'.0- feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
T etreet cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of C rooms; f table, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds: fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35. a month: price $4000.
Apply .T. K. FRF.ITD. Mills building, or H.
. A. PT.yiTVITR. FnmvnlP Station.
FRUITVALE HOUSES.
A COUNTRY home, with large grounds, mod-
ern house, four or five bedrooms, for rental
summer months. A. B., P. O. box 2697. '
i OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— ili8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! BUY BEFORE THE RISE.
Bargains Offered by
I GEO. W. AUSTIN, 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms, hot and cold
water, hall, porcelain gink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny side; street work and
walks complete? near ckrs and school; terms If
desired; No. 1743 Filbert st., near Twenty-
sixth; go and see it to-day; owner will.be
1 there.
$1000 — Choice vacant; lot 60x150, right on
Broadway, close to the new Santa Fe route
end terminal; elevated ground and choice
building site; eee It at onc«.
$3000 — Elegant new home of 7 rooms; com-
plete in every detail; lot 35x140 feet (note the
! sire); sunny side, right close to prove st.
$750 — Choice building lot 40 feet front: 2 feet
! above the street grade; all street: work com-
plete; choice new location :• surrounded by new.
pretty homes: close to churches, school and
cars; property advancing rapidly; this 1« a
snap; look It up to-day; Merrimac or Twenty-
: eighth st., between Telegraph ave. and Grove
si.; terms can be arranged. '
$6500 — Choice corner lot 60x110; the best in
: Oakland for flats; close to narrow-gauge depot;
cottage 7 rooms there now; a big bargain.
GEO. .W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth st.. Oakland.
1 A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Tha Weekly Call.
. 1C pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 peryear.i
OAKLAND FITHXITLRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this menth. H.
SCHELLHAAS, 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIELTand'sOLAR flats, 525 aiid~531 Turk^stT;
first-class; new bldg.; housekeeping, suites.
BELL. The, 1773 Market — Sunny parlor suits;
grate and kitchen, with gas range; $22 50.' '
FULTON. C71 — 2 furn. rooms, complete for
bousekpg. ; separate entrance; no children; $i>.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Lower floor. 2
sunny front rooms, with kitchen; gas range.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404^ — Sunny front rooms
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 10U3 — 2 sunny connecting com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; range;
running water; $10.
HYDE. 408 — Nice suite, furnished for house-
keeping, $15; also rear basement suite, yard,
laundry, $14.
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week: .
MISSION, 830—2 rooms for housekeeping, with
gas range. V
NINTH, 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; gas; stove; reasonable.
OCTAVIA;. -140.1, corner Geary — Sunny . fur-
nished —bay-window; closets; gas; stove;
housekeeping. .
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; fine new fur-
niture; single or double rooms.
WEBSTER. 1241—3 housekeeping rooms, with
bath; German family. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription^
. received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office lor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia at.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant-
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door: handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to (5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Furl
nlshed rms., suites, single; al»o unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Elegant furnished back parlors;
suitable for man and wife or 2 gentlemen.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1 50 night: $1 CO. $« wk.; open all night.
FOLSOM, 2422 — Sunny bay-window suite rooms;
use of bath.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnigh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges;sult,slngle;elevat.
GRANT, 245^— New bachelor apartments; fur.
or unfur.; suitable physician or dentist; refs.
GEARY, 483 — First floor, several rooms suit-
able for medical man; also single rooms and
suite for housekeeping; further, basement
floor with kitchen; all well furnished; gas,
bath, phone. ; .
HAYES.' 373 — Nice furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private ¦ family. ¦'.
LAGUNA, 1310, near Ellis — Three sunny corner
unfurnished rooms; running: water; gas; rea-
sonable. : .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome siiites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, C67, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per ween; transient. -
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnifhed rooms and
' offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, 1539 — Extra large front' rooms; reason-
i able; private; every home comfort.
POST, 217 — Handsome suite of j rooms: also a
sunny single room; reasonable; bath, phone.
POWELL, 131— Front room to let near Bald-
win lot.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies', par-
lor: rooms, per night. 35c to $150; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on .ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water/ baths.
SACRAMENTO, 2506—2 sunny, front rooms,
unfurnished, for housekeeping.' |
SACRAMENTO. 2511— Elegantly furnishe*
front and back parlors; terms reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S ' Eighth - st./
near Market — 'Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences 'at
• ; Hot«l St. Denis. 24 Turk st. ;. ¦
SUTTER; 300— Nicely furnished rooms, $160
per week and up; transient ,
TURK, 303 %— Sunny room, bath and gas; cen-
t rally located. . -..«' :-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH nfflce for Call advertisements and
»ubscr"pt.ons has been established at- 1096
Valencia st.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE..
25 head of trotters and pacers: as good as ever
offered at public auction, and must be sotd-
without reserve at the Mascot Stable. 1108 and
110S Golden Gate ave. Pedigrees and descrip-
tion given day of sale, FRIDAY, March 14th.
at 10 a.' m.
1 OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Jl "Steamers leave Broadway
Kaavl Wharf, San Francisco:
IfBHJ&rw. For Ketchikan, Juneau,
Pkagway. etc.. Alaska— 11
KOiS2£c5Sii a. m., llarch 7. 12. 17. 'JJ. 27.
BS»&33'*a! April 1. Change to ccm-
: EfSSSrJl-eSl! pany's steamers at Seattle.
' /***«SE^S^C.{ For Victoria, Vancouver.'.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. New \Vhat-
eom— 11 a. m.,~ March 7. 12, 17. 22, 27, April t.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and Q. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..;
March 8. 13. IS, 23, 28. April 2.
For i San Diego, stopping only at Santa
{Barbara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo
'(Los Angele*)— Spokane, Sundays. 9 .a. m. ;
State of California, Wednesdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport CBonita only). •
Bonita. 9 a. m.. March 7. 15. 23. 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., March 19. 27, April 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (<Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. -.'... ¦ a
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. -
TICKET OFFICE — * New . Montgomery ;
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco. •
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
— — FOR— —
SENATOR ......;.. JUNE I
STATE OF CALIFORNIA....:..- JUNE 1
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th*
steamships Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Nome last year, Una-
irg all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rate* apply
Ticket Office* 4 New Montgomery st. (Palaco
Hotel).-
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. G#nL Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
OR .&'N. CO,
Only Bteamahlp Lino *a
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lins from Portland to at)
points East. Through Tlckats to a!!
point*. r>H ra'1 "i* Kteamnhip ani pall, nt
LOWEST lEt-A-MVES.
STEAKEB TICKETS INCLUDE BSBT3 sal ME Atl
ES. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. .4. 14. 24. "April 3
SS. GEO W. ELDER Sails.:
.Feb. 27; Mar. 9. 19, 29, April 8
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D.* W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Monry. 3.F.
TOYO KISJN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets.- at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with eteamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing. • ¦-- £- -v
SS. AMERICA MARU......-V
Friday; March 21st. 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
,'. Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For.
freight and passage apply at company's ofnee,
421 Market street.- corner First. -
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and 'South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. '
PALENA . . . .March 12 TUCAPEL April 19
SANTIAGO :. March 28 GUATEMALA — • — :
•These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger : service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office, 316 California street.
j BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. . Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., March 20 10 a m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti "
: •- . Saturday, March 29, 10 a. m
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ...,
..;. Saturday, March 29, 2 p. m.
i. D. SPHECXELS k BROS. Cff., Baurai Hjsnts, 327 Market St
Pjo'l Passsngir Office, 643 Market St., Piir lo. 7. Pacific Jt
» -
PANAMA R, R, 5^
TO HEW 'YOBX VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, |40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, Mar. 17
S. S. Leelanaw : sails Monday. .Mar. 24
S. S. Argyll ' sails Tuesday. April 28
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. in
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 . Market it
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent. »
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
Fcr passenger and express rates appty to
TRANS-ALASKA.- COMPANY.
Crocker building.
Operating stage Uses ' between lllamna Bay
and above points. * : ¦ -,¦•- -
C0MPAGNI2 CINX&aJ.'S TEAN5ATLANTIQTI*
"DIRECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS.; -^»^
bailing every Thursday, Instead of -tfflffio*
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from pier 42. tSPMsmi
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ASA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZt & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, i 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets. gold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
• Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and b°:3o p. m.. except Sun'
day. - Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., exc«p:
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* 50
cents. . Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Uiasion-atreet dock. HATCH
BROS. . '
¦ BAIItWAY TRAVTEL.
.>"iv*.'f-Ji> Sausalito F*rry
- Commencing September 23, 1801.
FROM SAN FRAN CISCO TO MILL, VAiLEX
. AND SAN RAFAEL. -.
. WEEK DAY*-6:55. 8:30. »9:30. 11:00*. m,
•1:45 3:15. 4:15. 8:15, »6:18, 0:45 D. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and. Sun
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. ' ..>•
SUNDAYS— •8:0O.»10:0O. »ll:30 a. m.. m Uli.
3:15 "4:45. 6:30/ 9:30 p. m. -
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27, 7:45, 8:33/ 10.13
a '12:25. 2:15, «3:35. 4:40. 8:30 p. m.
"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesduy*
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 0:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. n0:00, »ll :45 a. m
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45. "6:30 p. m. .. -
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6t45«j45. 7:55. 8:64. 10;3»
a ir 12-.S5, 2:45.3:50. 8:10 p. m. .
"EXTRA TRIPS on . Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12.05. 2:13.
3:30 6:00, 0:45 p. m.
" THROUGH TRAINS. -
' 6fS5 a. 'nt week day a — Cazadero and way
stations. ' ¦ > "^
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.- . : • ' ' -
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and vay
stations. ¦ - -' . " ' ' ¦•"'..". •'¦>'-
r Legal n.Hcay toats and trains will run on
Sunday ,t\zM.J .. .... . ......... .
I EyFriends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully/invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Menday)r. at 9 o'clock, from her- late resi-
dence, 02 Porter street, off Crescent avenue,
thence to St. John's Church (Old St. Mary's
College), where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
..Cross Cemetery. .i . /
MAHARAN— In this city, March S, 1902, Mar-
tin . Maharan, beloved son of Martin and
Mary Maharan. and brother of John ana
Peter . Maharan, Mrs. Mary Lanerey, Mrs.
• George McKenna and Mrs. W. Savage, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged • 32 years.
' CT Funeral services Monday, March 10,
¦3902, at 1:30 o'clock, at the mortuary chapel
: of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. In-
termtnt private. Holy Cross Cemetery. -¦
PARKS— In this city, March 9, 1002, Jamss
Parks, a native of Ireland, aged 63 years.
RELES — In this city, March 8. 1802, Anna
Reles, beloved wife of Petsr Reles, mother of
. Anne Reles, and sister, of Casper and Charles
Renner, a native of Switzerland, aged 18
years and 6 months.
C7*Frienda and acaualntances and mem-
' bers of Golden Wave Chapter No. ' 103, O. I E.
. S., of San Leandro, are respectfully Invited
to attend the funeral services Tuesday,
March 11. 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at Masonic
• Temple,' corner of- Post and Montgomery
streets, San Francisco, ' under the' auspices
of California Lodge No, 1, F. and A. M.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
McCANN — In this city, March 8, 1902, Ellen.
¦ beloved wife of Arthur McCann. and devoted
mother'of , Mrs. H. K. Kelton. Mrs. J.' J.
1 Ryan, Mrs. J. F. Duffy and ¦William, Susie
. and the late Henry Linnane, . a native of
County Waterford, Ireland, aged 54 years.
ICFuneral to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock,
• from his late residence, 62l San Jose avenue,
near Twenty-seventh * street. ', Interment
, Mount Olivet Cemetery by electric funeral
¦ car. ' • , - .
LUCAS— In Frultvale, March 0, 1902. John
William,, beloved husband of Henrietta
Lucas, and son of the late John B. and
Mary M. Lucas, and brother of "Walter E.,
Charlotte E. and Kate L. Lucas; a native of
New York City, aged 53 years.
• (CyFriends of the family are invited to at-
tend the funeral : to-day (Monday), at 8:30
. o'clock, from her late residence, 310 Capp
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, where a solemn requiem high ma«
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9, o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
Cross • Cemetery. , .- ¦ '
LINN— In . this ' city, March 8. 1902. Jacob,
J dearly beloved husband -of Pauline Linn, and
devoted father of Charles H., George. \ John.
Edward, Marguerite and ¦ Annie ! Linn, Mrs.
Frank Cheever. Mrs. John Cox., Mrs. Frank
Klobloch and Mra. Otto Knobloch. a native
of Alsace, Germany, . aged • 72 years and S
" days. . , " - ', ' •
tCT'The funeral will . take place to-day
..(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7C7 Mission street.
* Interment : Holy Cross Cemetery by 11:30
'' o'clock train from ". Third and 'Townsend
'.' streets.' .;.'.-. ; .. .¦...
LENNON— In this city, March 8. 1002, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Joseph Lennon, a na-
tive of Athlone, County Roseommon, Ireland,
ajed W> years. ' - . ".
:¦¦ avenue," between ' . Jones ¦¦: and • Leavenworth
¦' streets, where .> a requiem high mass will bo
".; celebrated - for the repose of- her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery.-, '• •: " .; '¦. '
LANCASTKR — In % this city, March 9. 1002,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Lancaster.
a native of England, aged 51 years 8 months
, and 18 days. • ¦ , , .'•>
LANfe— In Oakland, March; 7,-1902, James
Lane, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. -Beklns Van and *, Storage Co. will . move
your roods in city or country. 630 Market. •
•The farewell performance ' which • waa
given last night at Union-square Hall, by
Miss Lillian I^evey. preparatory to her
departure for the East, proved a flatter-
VJF success - The hall was well filled with
Miss Levey s friends and admirers and
an ' excellent programme: was rendered.
,\v nen : Miss* Levey made her appearance
she was received with an outburst of ap
plause,, and . several beautiful floral of
ferings .were presented to her. She ac
i. , ner5e lf In a manner that; auguM
we l-,, f or. her success before the Eastern
footlights.. ¦ • ¦¦*.•.•
Testimonial to Miss Levey.
When I You Buy
A skirt binding be' sure that you find thu
tfftde mark S, H, '&JI, on the back. It
is a-guarantpe of etyl* and quality. «
B. F.' Troutt. proprietor of n lodging
house at ll.T5ast «troet. broke both wrlpta
yesterday while attempting to board tho
ferry at the Oakland molp. He waa late
)n rpachltiK thn mole. 1 and when he ar
rived; the. deckhands had- begun'. to ralPo
the apron .from the slip. This did n«it
deter him from trying to board the boat.
He .jumped for * : H nnd landed on. his
hands, snapping both wrists 1 like pipe
stems. ; -:He was brought over to, the city
and ; taken to the Harbor . Hospital, where
the fractures wero reduced. <,\ ;
Broke Both Wrists in Hie Haste.
No statement could be, obtained > from
the TltaniR last night further than that
the accident had..- occurred and .that the
pilot boat was at fault for: running ,toq
close to the big and heavily lnden fiteam
shlp. It is not known who. was -iff. com
mand of the Grade S at the Hme of the
.accident, Th* pilot boat- will return ¦ to
port some time" to-day. :. :
The Titania was off the lightship about
6 o'clock last night 'when the pilot boat
Grade S ran alongside, collided with the
Titanla and lost her bowsprit. : Olsen was
standing on the forward hatch ton the
starboard side when the main boom of the
GraHe S swung over the low. rail of the
Titanla. and struck Olsen on the head.
Both boats swung away on their course
and Olsen lay where he fell. *. .
The stricken man was picked up at once
and it was found that his skull was frac
tured. He was placed In his cabin, but
died before any help could b<* summoned.
As the vessel had to be detained in quar
antine over night the body was kept on
board. .- >'
As the Norwegian steamship Titanla,
Captain. Egenes, was nearlng port last
night an accident occurred which resulted
in the death of First Mate Claus Olsen.
The Titanla, which Is five and a, half days
from Nanaimo with a cargo of 5200 tons
of coal, consigned to John Rosenf eld's
Sons, went Into quarantine Immediately
after arrival.
-The Western Labor Union claims con
tiolof the labor movement west of the
Missouri Klver. . and disputes with th«-
Amerlcan Federation of jL-abor the con
trol of the labor organizations in that
district. It is particularly strong in the
mining regions of Colorado, Idaho and
Montana, and has been reaching out for
unions to embrace within its jurisdiction
in Oregon and . vvasnlngton.
Between . the American Federation of
Labor and the .Western ¦ Labor Union
there Is a wide breach. It is said by
thost; in a position to know that when
JtJt D. Pierce, national organizer of the
American :•. Federation of Labor, who
(•oused such a' iuror. in labor circles In
this. city a. year ago, attempted to invade
the territory over wnlch the Western La
bor Union claims jurisdiction, life was
iiiade.eo miserable for him that he was
Klad to gft, out ; of its territory."
it la said that Plerce-was driven from
town to town. The climax was, reached at
Denver, where Pierce started a/ campaign
of organization. In order not to attractat
t}.'Ptlon Pierce nnd his wife took apart
ments^at a private boarding-house iln the
outskirts of the city. It was ; not long
l>efore he 1 was found out and Pierce waa
forced. 10 employ bodyguardp. Threats
wero made.,' nnd he \vas forced to go to
one of .the .'leading 'hotels, where he
would hft'fiura of ample protection, pre
paratory ¦ to closing up his business and
Wtting out of town at th« earliest oppor
tunity, Mr-Donald and hl» adherents dirt
rot want uny lnt««rferpnoe on the part of
a repi-f-pe.ntHtlvd of the American Federa
tion of Labor,.
McDonald had not made his presence
In ths elty known at labor headquarterc
up- to a lui-* hour infit. nlBht. ,
'We wnra rid viced that he wan lieadud
thin way." Hold Prenldent Ooff of tho Bnn
Krenelsco Lnhor Council, "but did net
Know that h« hml arrived. He may. try
to Eft pome union or other In thin eity to
«il)TI"lP'With|hiB orgaiilRfltlon. but we do
not fcflr any'dlgafteeflon. He in probably
fore 1 li<?eftu*e Ro8?nl)t!rs organised a
Hmte KerK-rntlon In Wnsnlngton last fall.
MeDnnnld rinjniB that Btnte ao hlo exclu
sive territory.":
Ouy L«throp, ! secretary of the, fltato
rederntlon of Lnbor.'eald he. had heard
iiolhin(f of the arrivftl of McDonald and
could conceive: of no rcaion for hl« vlitt.
_At the^hcadfluarteri of the BulldlnK
' Trn J iG i "C rt »nffl a«(lmllar Htfltement was
mftde hy «hone In authority.
Daniel j McPonald, president of the
Western' Labor Union, with headquarters
liiButte, Mont., arrived In the city year
turday morning: on the steamer City of
1'uebla. McDonald has been making a
tour of the Northwestern States in the
interest of the organization of which he
Is the head. What may-be the object of
his visit to this city Is not known.
LABOR LEADER
REACHES CITY
William Staples of Beni
cia Accuses a Former
Soldier.
CJ E. Rankln. a former soldier, was ar
resned yesterday morning by Detectives
Regan and OConnell and Policeman \V.
H., Young and booked at the City Prison
en a charge of robbery. The complain
ing witness is William Staple?, a visitor
from Benjcia.
Staples met Rankin late Saturday night
on Market street after he had left the
Orpheum and they had roveral drinks to
gether. Rankin induced Staples to go
with him to a houre on Fifth street, and
when they reached the third etory Staples
alleses that Rankiu struck him a violent
blow on the chin, knocking him dov.-n.
Staples jujxped to his feet and v.as asain
knocked down and out. When lie recov
ered consciousness he discovered that his
Hva^ch and Jli had been taken cut of his
; jjotkets.
B ¦Staples notified tho police, giving an ac
curate description of Kankin. and the ofli
cer» found him in a room at 1 Fiftn street
ori» the third story near where Staples
claimed that he was knocked down and
robbed. At the City Prison Staples iden
tified Rankin, but the officers could find
nottrace of the watch or money.
Jphn M. Johnson, a I'mer-noreman living
atfll26 Howard street, reported to the po
'lice yesterday that while he was walking
along Howard street, betv.-een First and
: Fremont, about S o'clock Saturday night
twp men approached him. One struck him
twice on the head v.ith some blunt in
strument, knocking him dov.n, ftn<] both
tried to go through his pockets-. He called
'for help and both men ran alonjr Howard
Street in the direct Ion of the water front.
s Johnson was unablo to pive any accurate
;¦ description of the men. only that one was
: tall and flim and the oth*r short.
Angejo Sivori. a butcher living at 1418
EKBirny street, cot into r. fi-jht with pome
mQn-ln a saloon on Pacific Ftreet. near
. Kearny. about 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing and had to be taken to the Receiving
Hospital for treatment. Wnlle at the hos
pitt'l he £3 Id hr- had boen robbed of $59
rr>*£ th« men wh^ Bamtaltfid film, but he.
made no mention of lopine any money to
F^ iceman Carmichaei, who took him
jhfre in the wagon. '
SWINGING BOOM
KILLS THE MATE
At the youn^ South American's desire
the bartender at a saloon at the north
v.*est corner of Seventh and Franklin
streets. Oakland, had started a grama
phone record of the Spanish song, "La Pa
loma." While the machine wss reeling
off the tuneful air the stranger, who was
standing near the machine,. drew a pistol
suddenly from his pocket. Before any of
the crowd of bystanders at the bar could
WITH the strains of a. sweet
Spanish melody softly ; -sound
ing In his ears. Carlo.s S*|an
ullo. a young Colombian
refuge, despondent and weary
of. life, fired a bullet Into his lungs Sat
urday night in the hope of ending a life
that had become burdensome to him. The
suicidal deed was committed in the midst
of_ revelry and sport, nnd was strangely
flavored with tnAt touch of the romantic
which is the Latin predominating charac
teristic.
As to the antecedents of Suanullo little
ctuld bo learned, his condition forbidding
conversation. From his disconnected-ut
terances It, is 'supposed the wounded
young man had fled from his native land
because. of the revolution. It was sur
mised that he might have been an active
participant In some of the disturbances
and had exiled himself in order to save
his life. But there was no doubt that he
was burdened with troubles, for, in his
broken way, Suanullo told the surgeons
that he was penniless." hungry and worn
out when he decided Vo end *his burden
some existence. . " •-'•;
roach him Suanullo. placed the revolver
at his breast., waved a .farewell to tin**
startled onlookers, pulled the trigger and
sank to the floor.
Quickly the police ambulancey was sum
moned, the wounded man being hurried
to the Emergency Hospital. The bullet
had penetrated the lett lung, missing tho
heart, at which the despondent man had,
fired. Pneumonia developed during tho
night. The surseons do not think their
patient can recover. .
ROBBERS ARE
ACTIVE AGAIN
Colonel J. r B. Wright of Sacramento was
not present and Major Frank McLaugh
lin was at Santa Cruz, , and both these
gentlemen emphatically say that they
would not havo attended a Gage love
feast even if they had been in the city
Robert Northam was In the Southern
citrus belt on Saturday evening and did
not dine with Governor Gage at the PaJ
ace, and there are others yet to be heard
from. ' r-aj^f;^
Many of. the members of the Governor's
staff expressed their Indignation yester
day that the Gage- forces should have
represented that they were present at the
banquet.- The names of the purported
guests were given: out -to the press by a
Gape, henchman and published in good
faith.
Th<» banquet tendered to Brigadier
General Oeonre Btone last Saturday even
ing at the Palace Hot*-*l wan not the
brlltlant success that It was claimed to
have bern. In fact, Instead of be.lne a
tender of respect by his Bssoclat" offl
ci-T-e. It turned out to be a love feast for
Governor Gage.
Mcmbrrp of Staff Are Indignant That
Their Names Were Mentioned
Without Authority? •
DENIES HAVING DINED
WITH GOVERNOR OAO£
"I hav« nothlncr n*?«lnr-t McComb, hut
ht> le m Republican, «nd I being a, Perno
•cr»t lun In nt position to assert trmt I
•m fnthuslnMleallj" In fnvor nf Mr ron«
nrmntlon. UU* DuvM R Hill. I »m n
Democrat, and that Is all I can gay."
Supervisor Booth said Uht nljrht that h«
was a Democrat nod that cxplnlned tb«
tiltuatlon so fur »» he was concerned. no-«
pumtne. h<* said:
"Inasmuch as the Superior Court has
declared the sertlon of the charter rela
tive to the appointment or Juj-tlpes' Clerk
void and has paid that the power to an
point lie* with the Justices, l believe that
the Supervisor* ought to confirm any ap
pointee of the Justices. It Is presumed
that they are good mm and merely, be
cnuse they appoint n liepubllcan.and be
cause. I urn a Democrat Ih no valid reason
for rejertlnn their nominee, t am con
vinced they will not appoint a Democratic
clerk an<1 I am disposed to mike no
trouble. For these reasons I will vote for
McComb."
Supervisor Comte favor? the conflrma
t'on of McComb's appointment and states
positively 'that he will vote for him lie
paid last night:
"1 have- not a? yet inquired Jnto Mc
<7nmb'e qualifications and cannot there
fore say how I will vnt«? on confirmation
I dr. not do this on party grounds; but
Mrrinly n<-cau?<? I wish to survey i..c
ground before committing mypr-lf on the
question. If It is shown that the business
of the Justices" Court will be facilitated
by the appointment of McComb, I will in
all probability vote for him. Until I con
sider th<> matter further I cannot say Just
how I wil! vote." .
Supervisors Braunhart was non-com
mittal. He said:
Braunhart Non-Committal.
"I am opposed to the confirmation of
McComb on party grounds. I have no
. partlaular objections to him., but I be
lieve it to be the duty of the Democratic
Supervisors to insist unon tho appoint
ment of people of their own political faith
or. refuse to vote for any other. That Is
the only cours? for a consistent Demo
crat and for that reason I will refuse to
cast my votp to confirm ae nominee of
tbet Justices."
Supervisor Connor said
. Supervisor H. U. Brandenstein declared
that h*» was not prepared to state wheth
er he would vote for or against McComb.
He said that the selection of McComb
was a surprise, to him and that he would
have to take time for consideration be
fore deciding which way he would cast
his ballot. \
Supervisor A. A. d'Ancona stated last
night that if the matter of \ McComb's
election is brought up at the meeting of
the Supervisors . this afternoon he will
votj? against him. He said that he would
favor referring the election of McComb
to the Judiciary Committee, and that he
desired time to, investigate the* qualifica
tions of the man whom the Justices had
selected. D'Ancona further said that' he
is unacquainted with McComb, and' that
the action of the Justices was a surprise
to him. -
The question that will be asked In po
litical circles to-day is: Who are the
Democratic Supervisors likely to vote
for a candidate for office put forward by
Boss Crimmins and his gang? -
Interviews were eotight last night with
the Democratic members of tho Board
of Supervisors . as -to the prospects pi"
McComb being confirmed. Some of the
Supervisors were non-committal, and only
one. Comte, stated he would vote for
McComb. '
The Democratic Supervisors are Booth,
Brandenstein. Braunhart. Comte. Con
nor. Curtis and D'Ancona. rvhl e the
Labor members are Loughery, ; Lynch,
MiCUilan and Wynn.
In plating the name of George S. Mc-
Comb before the Supervisors for oon
riiniatY-. t;ie Buss Crimmins organization
are r» .i?*; upon the Republican members
of thr hoard and hope to secure somn
Demcirnts to help them -out. The boss
and his henchmen do not look for "any
35-sistancc fToirrthe Labor Union Super
visors.
Supervisors Alpers, Bent. Eggers. Pay
ot. Sanderson. Wilson and lioxton. are
claimed by the Crimmins "push" as be
ing ready to vote for McComb. thus mak
ing it r.fcrEPary to secure the votes of
three Democratic members of the board
to *lrct him.
Rely on Republicans.
When Williams was" removed from office
by Mayor Schmitz and Powel Fredrick
was appointed in his place, McComb stood
stancbiy by Williams m his fight to re
tain omce. He was with Williams when
the latter was ejected by the police from
the office of the Justices* clerk on the
order of the Mayor, who had already
placed Fredrick in charge of the office.
That McComb's selection by Justices
Daniels, Dunn and Long was ordered by
Boss Crimmins is not unlikely. Although
the negligence of Williams was palpable
to every one who visited Ijis office, the
Justices of the Peace took no steps - to
remove their clerk until the matter wa3
brought to an issue by Mayor Schmitz.
Even then the Justices arrayed them
seleves against the Mayor, and in a mid
night meeting elected Joseph Windrow as
their clerk and refused to recoRiiize Powel
Fredrick, the Mayor's appointee. The
many documents tiled-with Windrow "by
attorneys were rendered null and void
when Superior Judge Carroll Cook held
that Windrow's appointement was illegal.
In the selection of McComb as clerk to
the Justices' courts the hand of Boss
Crimmins can be seen? McComb Is a
Crimmins man and the three Justices who
selected him are affiliated with the Crim
mins organisation.
As the three Justices formed a majority
the consent of Justices Joachimsen and
Groczinger was not required and they
were not present at the meeting .
George S. McComb, formerly employed
as a deputy in the office of the Justices'
Clerk, and who was removed from office
when E. W. Williams; was ousted by
Mkyor Schmltz was selected yesterday by
Justices of the Peace paniels, Dunn and
Long to be the cjerk of their courts and
his name will be presented by. the Justices
to the Supervisors for confirmation! •
Will Ask the Board to
Confirm Choice
<• *Tk
nf Hos^
Dr. Levl Cqopt Lane «pent ten years of hl»
Ufa In alone colleettnf tha nite* for hla treat
work on "Hwgery of the Hend and Neck."
Th« Mar ot duty light^rt his way In Ufa an.1
ho w»lk«d Hirttlghi on till he accomplished hli
piHTose. ]{« was an , brave «« a Hen and
would never nubnMt to a wronp. Ills jtreat
knowledge vuvu him •¦mitiniis and net bold.
Ht took n<? eh-mem and h» never Yeenmmendefi
an rifif-rnilnn ufilets ht> warrflnvlneed that .tha
knife war tha Uit raiort. it* was lurroundi-d
by an etmoBphar* of dignity In all Mr work,
s**t in inn frlntuip and aoqimlntaneet he was
ehttrmlng. If, m Carlyl" *a)-s, ulneerlty is th«
Ghl»f of human, f|U(il!nentlon*«, then our friend
was Ineitlmahly endnweti, He w«s true to his
friends. He showed a rellplous loyalty to
them, which they will ever hold In 'their hearts
a« a remembrance that words cannot expire*.
lie spoko of Dr." T.ane as an original
Burgeon \ in many respect* nnil one who
In certain capes had no uuperlor. In eloa.
Ing the speaker ualdi
Great Surgeon and True Friend.
In impressive language Dr. Taylor spoke
of the great-surgeon who recently passed
nway ami In whose memory tho gnther-
Jng had nssemhlf-d. He told "of his re
markable skill as an operator and puld p.
tribute to his kindly heart and unselfish
devotion to hln profession.
Tho choir then sang Schubert's "Great
Is Jehovah," and Dr. Edward R. Taylor,
president of the college board of mana
gers, delivered the closing nddross, his
subject being "Dr. Lane aa Surgeon and
Man." •
Content With Life's Work.
In 1882. in grateful remembrance of his un
cle, he dedicated this superb college and later
on made many valuable additions to It. His
last -Rift- was made six years ago in the en
dowment of a fund to secure the presence here
of distinguished men for an annual series of
lectures. The enduring gratitude of the. pro
fession must be given to . Dr. , Lan« for this
alone. It is given to few men to be great as
Dr. Lane was, and all humanity Is bettered
by his life. He realized a few weeks ago that
hi* .work was finished and he told me that he
had gratified every wish and that he was con
tent, . • .
His ambition In life' was to found a great
school of medical learning. He laid the foun
dations of thts building in a quiet and unher
alded manner and there was considerable spec
ulation as to. his' Intention. He met* with op
position from the residents in the neighborhood
and was . compelled to resort to the courts.
Even personal threats were made against Dr.
'Lane, but he finally subdued his enemies and
intelligence succeeded Ignorance.
The speaker told of the time spent by
Dr. Lane in the navy and how in his
search for knowledge he had studied in
European hospitals and colleger, winning
the highest rewards. Of the career of
Dr. Lane in San Francisco, the speaker
dwelt at length, arid in conclusion said:
Dr. Cllinwood spoke of Dr. Lane as he
knew him In his life, and then gave a
brief account of his career. He told of
the sturdy Quaker stock' that, he came
from and how he had laid the foundations
of his work by constant application to
study. The speaker dwelt upon. the great
friendship that had existed between
Lev! Cooper Lane and his uncle, Jacob
Cooper, during their ureumes. He told
how Levi Cooper Lane had paid his way
through college and lived on 25 cents a
•week and of the honors he had won in
competition. ¦ •• •
The anthem of Mendelssohn, "Be Thou
Faithful Unto Death," was then ren
dered and was followed by an address on
behalf of the faculty, delivered by Dr.
Charles N. Ellinwood.
Dr. Chester Rowell of Fresno, was' un
able to be present to deliver the address
on behalf of the alumni, owing to pro
fessional duties.
Speaks on Behalf of Faculty, f,
W. D. Blake of the class of 1902 de ;
llvered a short address on behalf of. the
students of the Cooper Medical College,
and offered a deep tribute of gratitude
for the munificent- gifts' of the late Dr.
Lane in the foundation of the college and
Its endowment. for the benefit of the seek
er after medical and surgical knowledge.
I was associated with him in the affairs of
this college and it Is fitting that we should
gather in this building and render tribute to
his many characteristics and sterling qualities.
His knowledge covered almost every field of
learning and he possessed a wide range of in
formation. He spoke many languages and was
well-versed in Latin and Greek and It Is a mat
ter of tradition that he wrote hts 'thesis in
Latin when he took his examination as a sur
geon in the navy.-- He once said that he nevtr
needed recreation to escape from .his work,
for his work was always a pleasure to him.
He was never a well man, but like a stole he
nfcver spoke of his ailment. For twenty years
he contemplated the foundation of this col
lege and he bent' all his energies In that direc
tion. He was free from ostentation and dis
play, and despite his great practice, he was
always calm and impressive. He was a man
of vigorous Intellect and sturdy character, no
ble in his aspirations and prompt in judgment;
he was firm in "action, yet modest In all, and
with Hamlet, I say: "He was. a man. Take
him for all in all, I shall not, look upon his
like again."
Dr. Gibbons dwelt on the career of Dr.
Levl Cooper Lane, and told of the intense
devotion he had shpjfred to his work dur
ing the last forty year. In part he said:
.Tribte by Dr. Gibbons.
The exercises opened with the rendi
tion of Mozart's "Lacrymosa" by an octet
of voices under the direction of Organist
Wallace Sabin, and the introductory was
delivered by Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., the
dean of the college.
Dr. Henry Gibbons Jr., dearf of the col
lege, presided, and the faculty was repre
sented by Dr. Charles N. Ellinwood, Dr.
AaoiphBarkan, Dr. Clinton Gushing, Dr.
J. O. Hirschf elder, Dr. W. A. Gardner,
Dr. Stanley Stiilman, Dr. W. F. Cheney,
Dr. Emmet Klxford, Dr. W. Ophuls, Dr.
W. E. Garray,- Dr. W. N. Hanson and
Dr. A. H;- Taylor.* Dr. Edward K. Taylor,
president of the. college board of direc
tors, was also on the platform, as were
Dr. John M. Stiilman, professor of chem
istry,-and Dr. Lyman H. Wilbur, assist
ant professor of physiology at Stanford
University, and Thomas Price. - ¦ •
. The entrance to the hall was draped in
black and the interior of the building was
lavishly decorated with palms, ever
greens, flowers and laurel. The bust of
the lamented founder of the college was
almost hidden in a bower of laurel, while
the chair that he used for many years at
lectures occupied the center of the plat
form and was surrounded by a wealth of
lilies and other blossoms. .
The gathering in Lane Hall of the
Cooper „ Medical College was .a notable
one and Included the majority of the med
ical men in San Francisco. The students
of the college were present in large num
bers and the general , public was' well rep
resented. '.¦'<*•'.;.'!
Glowing eulogies and tributes of affec
tion were the' features of the memorial
exercises _ held yesterday afternoon in
honor of the late Dr. Lev! Cooper Lane
in" the auditorium of the 'college that he
founded and which bears his name. Dr.
Lane died on February 18 last.
Long, Dunn and Dan^
iels Hold a Sabbath
Conference.
Exercises Are Held in Hall
of College He Built and
Endowed. '¦)<
Justices of the Peace
Meet and Select
a Clerk, v
Medical Men of This City
Eulogize the Great
Surgeon.
HONOR MEMORY
OF DR.L.C LANE
TO SEND
McCOMB'S
NAME IN
Spanish - American Exife Shoots Himself
While .Listening: to "LaPaloma. ".;=•-
BURDENED WITH TROUBLES
SUANULLO SEEKS DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 10, 1902.
SPANISH-AMERICAN REFUGEE WHO SHOT HIMSELF WHILE LIS
TENING TO THE PLAINTIVE STRAINS ' OF "LA PALOMA," BE-
V CAJJSE HE WAS LONELY AND POVERTY STRICKEN.
Baltimore has no. fewer than 80,000rcol
°«d; inhabitants - and ¦ . Louisville ¦ fewer
than 40 1 000;> St.- Louis has. 35,000. •¦ .
'Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flask. r Richard •'* Co.. 406 Clay.
George Eastman/ 516 Valencia',strcet. re
ported to " the police yesterday that when
he reached his home Friday night shortly
before mldnlsht there, was a -burglar In
the, house. As : he "opened his bedroom
door a* man ran down: the- stairs." and out
lnto^the Ptreet.' ' Eastman": followed him,
but soon lost "sight of him. He was tun
able,to give a' description of the' man.
Burglar Ran Away.
(Seo. Mayerle, German Expert Optician,
1071 Market. ' Look for eye with a crown
10
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS I
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'J" tOOTMNG SYRUP
has betn used for over SIXTY/ YEARS hr
MILLIONS of MOTHEKS for their CHILDREN'
•WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAY3 all PAIN: CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Drus-Rists In every part of
I the world. Be sure and ask for
MAS. WINSLOW'S SMOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle
jCH\ n RBI A' Ammunition and Sporting:
W MB HKifltL*' Gtods. Largest Stock. Low-
I m I n Ba3 est Price '* Until ci.iso or
HBH llna V hunting 'season win offer
VbL9 W--9 B M IMg suns at reduced prices.
.^^i '" r ' Send for catalogue.
SdHEVEABAltBiIRCO..
739 MirkttSt tad 611 Xnnj St
ADVERTISEMZXTS.
JJJO FOURTH STREET.
TKLrPHO.Vn HOWARD JOSrt.
SPECIALS FOFTHIS WEEK.
,24 lbs BEST GRANULATED SU8AR.. $1,09
4-lb pkg PREPARED BROWN FLOUR. ...10c
Tor ri.m-.t--t Deitnn Orown Hr*n«, n*§ , 20?
HOME-MADE JELLIES, IB-OZ.JW...:. |3o
'-MISSION E66U doz ". 35c
HAMS, Eastern Su-ar Cured, per lb . . I2ic
CREAMERY BUTTER, per square ... 40c
E ¦*«•«• here f>Oc;
TABLE FRUIT- Peaches, Pears a ;d Apri-
cots, p2r can. . ... . ..{.... jOc
In Heavy Pjrur.' Reg. 15e. vV * r
' BAtTIKORZ QYSiERS.- 3 cans. -."... 25c
Per Dosseri, 90c. - ;
FELS-NAPFHA SOAP, psr cake 5c
llfg. 10c. i
FAMILY FLOUR, per sack ,....80c
V.'hiU-. as- Enow.
FAKCAKE FLOUR. 3 {.kgs 25c
nejr. 10c.
, . — __ . .
This signature la on ererjr box of tho genn&ia
Laxative Bromo«QuinineTabieu
ib-i remedy tt*t corea a> eoW la «ao <Uy,
In nnil naf iBi»iiMMiinm»iniiiir-i— ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ «n ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tj.corcMn&co.
SPECIAL CASH SALE
TO-DAY.TUESDAYand WEDNESDAY
BUTTER, par squsre 50c
• W« hiindl" nethtn* but, the flnpst,
E6QS, • ' Cx i r u a 0 R;, ey per dozen I7ic
W« r»e«lvi»; direct from Hlihlsnd Teultry
Firm. ¦: .,, • '
SCOTCH OAT?rtft«tt»V..ipkglOo
Pr»par«(! frem|t«>k'trft ¦ white . oati. H(g,'
CH0C0LVIE ) i|ib;^ 1) .t3n25c
Wtrranted 1 pwre cocoa arid' sugar. ,,,'.,¦
rlfg. SOc. . ' , '¦. , .
0YSiERyv; B L^.^ kt 3cans50c
Quality ! tuiiranf&ti. Rf g. inc. ,
CLAMS, D^^? ;; 3 cans 25c
Full dlrtetlotiH for making soup and fchow-
d-?r. n*g. 10c
PEARUNE, fe^^T 3 pkgs 25c
Makes wnshlng pai«y. Ro-y. ',10c.''"" y •• •
SAND SOAP, Ja s c?S?Ai'B cakes^5c
The fln<-Et mad<>. Tltg. C for 2.V.
TEA, any seiectioniconW^otl^Oc
Extra- fine value.
Keg. COc lb. LtmltS lbs.- - *¦ :,
SUGAR, Ext^ lne 24 Ib5 SI.00
Remember we handle nothing but'puie
cane. . ¦>, , ..-.'¦¦
WHAT TO; SELL WE GUARANTEE '"OH
MONEY BACK. - i *:
1201 yalencIa street.
Phone: Mission ;&«' .. BB.'cor.';.Twenty^thlrd/'
BQWEN
& CD.
Eggs
Every one guaranteed dot ICC
".:^-T e a
Oolong-English breakfast-Assam
Ceylon — basket fired Japan-green
Japan — family mixed — gunpowder-4CC
new blend — Ningchow Congou —
reg'ly 50c lb
Stuffed olives
Teyssonneau olives farcies— 0 fa r C cr
(stuffed with anchovies) 55 C
reg'ly 30c— 50c bottle y 45^
S af e t y matches
Safe around children— heads doji't „-„
fly off-36oo matches-5 doz boxes 2 5 C
C 1 a re t.
Mountain Zlnfandel— a pure rich yl£
fruity wine— reg'ly 50c gallon 4 OC
Whisky
'•e'ly tpeefal
Old Crow bourbon-1805 Si 25 bot $1
Hermitage rye 1894 $5 gal $4
Bull Dog-rye or bourbon-full qt $ I 25
Creme de Menthe
Marie Brteard & Roger— green 65c
reg'ly pfs 75C-qts $1 40 J 1 20
S c h i e d a m gin
Old Holland gin—finest In the # , - -
world-reg'ly $1 50 long stone jug* x 3 5
C h c r r i c s
In mansquln-dellghtful Durand 50c
flavor In punch— cocktails- - -„
lemonade-reg'ly 60c quart D<StO55 c
Sauerkraut— Magdeburg— 4 lbs 25c
DuUGurken " 1 gal 25c J
Spaten Brau Munchen ptntsand quart-*
Llsterlne— large bottle 65c
' Catalogue — free
Big illustrated price list
432 Pins 232 Suttee 2800 California
\ San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Street*, Oakland
0OLDBERG
BQWEN
SCO,
. flloflflaj Tuesday Wednesday
Ha m s
Old Dominion— finest eastern— T -i-
sugar cured— reg'ly i6c lb 1 3 2 c
G o o s e liver }
Teyssonneau— puree de foies gras-
popular sandwich paste — 2OC
reg'ly 25c can
¦ c R o y.a n s
Sardines in oiKvJth truffle—
pickle — vegetables— garlic — far -y rr
appetizing dainty little fish-
S n r 1 m n c
VJ ¦ IX X X XXI LJ o
Pansy— serve on small 3 for 25c
lettuce with mayonaise — Jib can j cr-
reg'ly ioc— 20c .
r e s e r v e s
Strawberry — raspberry — plum — l
blackberry greengage — 2OC
reg'ly 25C-1 lb jar ..
Marmalade
Kelller — Dundee— slightly - r._ . -.-
bitter-reg'iy2 5 cjar 2 tor 45c
¦ B o u i 1 1 o in.--
, f
Anker beef capsules— celery „ _ r
flavor— reg'ly 30c box of ten ~5 C
Talcum powder
Colgate — purified— violet odor — _ _ e
reg'ly 20c can i *J*'
Asparagus
Bouldjn Island— Sunbeam— e
enough for fourreg'ly 35c can 2 'or 45 C
Asparagus tips— reg'ly I2>^c can IOC
;L u c c a oil
, Sublime— our Importation from , --.„
Italy— reg'ly 60c. quart bottle 5 OC
M a pi e syrup
Hazen— pure Vermont sap— r _
reg'l/ 75c M gallon can U 5 C
A p pies
r x
New York state— cheaper -
than fresh fruit-* 2 for 25c,
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
We- announce -the' ODsning this week of an
ELEGANT COLLECTION OF
HIQH=CLASS
WarD Print Persian and Dresden Effects, in
White Shot Pin Dot Taffetas,
Gun Metal and Steel Monotone Effects, in
Herring-hone and Dotted Striped Taffetas,
Two-toned Extra Heavu Brocaded Duchesse
Satin and Rep Silk Effects, mostlu in light
and evening colorings.
SFECIAL.
50 pieces METAL PRINT DOTTED VEL-
VETEENS, in Black and White, Navg
and White, Red and White and Brown
75c Yard.
SFECIA L.
20 pieces Silk and Linen SATIN STRIPED
BATISTE, in natural linen colorings, with
colored satin stripes.
Best Qualitu JAPANESE CORDED WASH
SILKS, a most complete and varied assort-
ment of colorings, also plain white,
/ 5Oc Yard
I Mall orders promptly and carefullu executed -
and samples forwarded tree to ang address.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVE3TISE3HENTS.
¦ ''.'.,.-
- I'J 111 \ I Si^V i ? **JL- %. i Y A^ I
ft V/fiTliKw 'T'¥»%»
Alway-.
SOLD EXCLUSIVELY AT
50 Tliird St
Sccoai Shos Store From Markc .
SAN FRANCISCO.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
J Expert opticians to serve 1
M Factory on premises, i
|! One of the few places where I
ra proper attention is given to |
S the fitting of glasses. 1