PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
; VOLUME XCI—KO. 163.
Prom the special correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald. ¦ Copyright,
2902, by the New York Herald Publ ishing Company. • .
5T. LUCIA, May. 1 1. — The first relief parties have ventured into the
streets of St.. Pierre. It , was not expected that . survivors ' would : be
found, and so there has been no disappointment at < the mournful ! re
ports that have been returned. • <¦
All of the earlier stories of the disaster .worked; by - Mont,; Pelee i have
been verified. The destruction of the city is complete. Not a buildirigVre
mains standing. The desolation is beyond description.
Piles of dead in the vicinity of the site of the cathedral tell a' story of
the attempt to find sanctuary, and refuge in the great structure of ¦ worship'.
Men and women, panic-stricken at the cataclysm, , turned < in the moment of
their despair to the cathedral and were apparently overcome before they
could reach its doors. ' ;
So far the search has 'been hindered by the -fires that are still raging and
the investigators are in gneat! danger. '-* Mont Pelee is 'active,' but the erup
tion is subsiding. In St. Pierre every form^of life 1 . apparently: ; has been de
stroyed. It will be impossible to penetrate to the ceriterfof the ruins for sev-'
eral days. 'JuSf'?,',t \ "•¦ ¦¦'¦¦¦ ' : .'•-- ¦{¦¦ \ .¦¦ '../¦''¦"'"¦¦,'.-" ¦'-.-¦¦
>v '. From the positions- of the bodies, the opinion is fp'rrhed that, many. were,
overcome almost before they -realized the -/extent of the ; peril.' ':'< Many of , the
bodies are in life-like positions/ as' though "de'athhaS come with' a breath,
as; indeed may have been the case. . . .J.: .; ; "' T - •¦ :v ; 1>~ \ • ...
:«! > Many of the bodies are so burned as to -make identification impossible,
btit in other, cases the opposite is the case. • Seme ihave. been identified ; by
the searching parties, which are under military "control, ¦ and are conducted un
dcir orders. . /'•'.., \-\ y. '¦ '. ; ; !-. • >'V/-,"/- : ;-^ '.'.'.'.' •.•- ".- ¦:¦¦¦' '¦[ :-' ; ' : -^ ¦ -'-'¦¦'
. , ' . The scenes in St. : Pierre are heartrending.^; : Steps, have been - taken v to
. . .- . . * . ¦ .- . • • *«"
prevent disease resulting from the disaster. Burial parties are woikingnight
and day, but it is impossible that the dead can be cared ior as their friends would
wish. ¦ .. ¦ ¦ '. •'¦ $U$\ " ¦ '.'-¦ '..,¦• ¦ I
Stricken Island Depends Ion World's Charity.
Military rule is established* in j the town to prevent vandals from work
ing. Such property as has not been destroyed will be protected.
( '¦-'¦ One of the great misfortunes arises from the fact that the storehouses of
provisions have been swept out of existence. Martinique must depend upon
the charity of the world to prevent a food famine. Already food is exhausted
at Fort de France, whichhas been overrun by refugees from the country. Ap
peals have been sent to the neighboring islands for assistance and food may
come in to-morrow. Meantime the few provision s'tores are under close
Continued on Page Three.
HAVEN TO WHICH THE MARTINIQUE ISLANDERS WHO ESCAPED HORRIBLE DEATH IN MONT PELEE'S RAIN OF FIRE ARE NOW HURRYING.
FIRST PARTY LANDS AT ST. PIERRE
AND EXPLORES DEVASTATED CITY
to be used to the best advantage.
list of dead will be much greater. When the news ol 'the \disaster was first received The j Call and rihe^New+Yofk Herald, together with the Boston Herald and Inquirer,
Chicago Record-Herald, St. Louis Republic and Cincinnati Enquirer, leading newspapers^ correspondents*
artists and photographers to St. Pierre. This:vesselisnow at;sea under orders to touch at San Juan; Puerto} Rico, for orders. The syndicate, through the Herald, by means of this vessel,
will undertake to forward any relief that the charitably 'disposed ["may care to offer. Cash contributions: wj I I be -received J by ihe syndicate and will be transmitted through the Herald by cable
to San Juan, where the money will be expended for supplies} mqs^ needed by the syndicate's ship
and delivered to the local relief committee. Subscriptions will^ be} received; by the syndicate, to be: forwarded tp^ the Herald, u Juan in time
OFFICIAL advices and cable dispatches from The 'Call; and: Herald's correspondents fully cohfirml the} worW reports 6t T the terrible catastrophe which has befallen the inhabitants of the
islands of Martinique and St. Vincent. Harrowing [tales oi \- suffering are reported by all corresponded^ at once afforded the
SUFFERERS MAY BE GIVEN AID THROUGH CALL-HERALD BUREAU
SAJS; ;;.MpNDAY^MAY,rl2,:;i9O2.
The San Francisco Call.THE SAN FRAISiCISCOCCALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
From the special correspondent of The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1902, by the New York
... Herald Publishing Company. '. , ...
Those Who Escaped Death in Fire Are
Now Without Food or Water.
scenes; in st. pierre and
' yiCINiTY,.;.BEF6RE.;.ERUP
"Tl'ON OF MONT PELEE. . '¦
The captain reports that on Friday
he attempted to force his way with the
Korona into the harbor at«St Pierre,
but was compelled to give up the at
tempt, owing to the intense heat and
the smoke, which hangs in a dense
cloud over the island. He did get
The steamer Korona of the Que
bec Line, a sister ship to the Rorai
ma, has carried Mr. Scott, first officer
of the Roraima, and eighteen others
saved from the same vessel, to Domin
ica. •¦ ¦.¦¦¦.*_¦-£
SEES NUMEROUS BODIES.
Showers of hot mud and cinders have
served to keep those in Fort de France
in constant terror, though no "actual
damage is known to have been done
there. Mont Pelee continues in active
eruption, though with weakening force.
5T. THOMAS, B. W. I., May
ti. — Famine' "now threatens
to add its horrors to the sit
uation in Martinique. From
the country districts the in
habitants are flocking into' Fort de
France and all are panic-stricken.' Food
has already become scarce and the sup
ply, depots are under militajy. guard.
Terrible suffering can be. averted only
by the early arrival of provision" ships.
St Pierre had ever served as the store
house of the entire island. .Reserve
supplies were kept there, and, with the
complete destruction of that city, starv
ation became an immediate menace.
Fort de France, with a population of
about I2,ooo, has been little more than
a great military post, so that it is now
unable to give more than shelter to the
refugees. , " " . . . ¦
WRITERS AND
ARTISTS OFF
TOST .PIERRE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK; May 11.—
Realizing the eagerness zvith
which Hie public awaits full
details of the Martinique cat
aclysm, the San Francisco
Call, the New York Herald
and several other leading pa
pers of the country chartered '
a fast steamer to carry cor
respondents and artists ip ill
fatedSt. Pierre. This vessel ¦
•left Norfolk to-day for Mar
tinique, via San Juan, :
Porto Rico, where it zvill
pick up Call-Herald-corre
spondents who zvent in ad
vance. In order to make con
nection with the steamer,
which was coaled and pro
visioned in a hurry, it'zvas
necessary to charter a special
train from Washington to
Norfolk. It is expected the
steamer will reach St. Pierre
or the \ immediate vicinity
about May ip or 20.
SWfept ¦" Sf. Jierre ; and . the surrounding • lo
cality. . Just what nature the aid ren
dered will assume has not yet been de
cided. - " x ""¦'•¦
NEW' YORK; May Hi— A meeting of the
members of the Chamber of ,-i Commerce
will be held Wednesday, at which action
will be taken, looking toward the relief of
of the : calamity/ that has
i NEW" YORK TO SENT) AID.
WASHINGTON,. May 11.— The State De
partment received ,' a cablegram to-day
from. the United States'; Consul at Guade
•loupe stating that he - would leave for
Martinique to-night. The 'State Depart
ment cabled Consul Ayme yesterday ¦ to
proceed at once to Martinique and report
upon, the situation there, but it is thought
at the . department', that his instructions
have ndt» reached him and that, realizing
the need of prompt action, he Has gone to
Martinique. .of his own volition., "v..
STARTS TOR MARTINIQUE.
"arriving there report that many, fcer-
Bons were', drowned while crossing -to
Dominica from the island of Martinique;
where some of the out parishes havebeen
inundated. -
The eruption of- Mont, Pelee, on Mar
tinique, continues. The. lava is progress
ing _ northward. The whole, northern "re
gion is now, a, rocky waste, denuded of
vegetation: . ¦ • • . • r
. Reports from the island of St. Vincent
say -that up to the afternoon ,of Friday
last more .than 200 deaths had occurred
there, owing to the volcanic outbreak in
that • island. Definite news; however, is
lacking/ Many estates were destroyed,
and steam and ashes were belched , forth
from 7 o'clock in the. morning until, 9:30
o'clock at night. . The eruption is. now,
invisible* at Kingston. Huge dust clouds
were blown eastward. . • '•• ' ,'
Great distress preyails at\St. -Vincent,
ST. THOMAS, D. W. X, May H.—Ad
vices received here from the" island
.; of Dominica to-day say that bbats
.The Roraima. would. have escaped had.
the explosion been delayed a few min
utes. The vessel's anchor was lifted and
the engine was ready to start when she
was overwhelmed. -The sea was trans
formed into a steaming caldron into
which the sailors sprang, crazed by their
Nothing new concerning the. original
disaster, has yet been learned. It is
known that eighteen vessels were in the
harbor on the morning of May 8. when
destruction fell upon St. Pierre. These
included four American sailing ships.
All were destroyed save the Roddam.
They were simultaneously swept by ; the
great cloud of = flame and.sank at anchor.
close: enough to see that -Mont Pelee
was still active. Numerous half. burned
bodies were observed, but none were
picked up.-* 1
MANY DROWN
IN CROSSING
TO DOMINICA
11 tEWYORK, May 11.— The Commer
./\f clal Cable Company has sent, out
. the- following notice:
' "Wexare advised that the cable
tween , . Martinique and - Paramaribo. Is
now working and communication re-es
tablished with Martinique, via Madeira,
Tenetiffe and Nornha." . ¦_¦!-¦¦
The Weetern ; tJnion Telegraph r Com
pany's central cable office" has received
the following notice:
"The cable is O. K.'to Guadelupe. Cable
to St. Vincent interrupted. Messages go
by. first 'opportunity to Dominica or St.
Lucia."..- •., . . Jr-.'rAii'.:
MARTINIQUE
CABLE AGAIN
IN OPERATION
The • British* royal mail steamer Solent
has gone from Barbadoes to Martinique,
with supplies and doctors. From the isl
and of Trinidad the British royal mail
steamer Kennell- has gone to' Fort de
France. The British second class cruiser
Indefatigable is on her way from Trini
dad to St..Vincent.with stores for the re
lief of the sufferers there. It is reported
there, that Fort. de France,. Martinique" is
threatened. Great tension prevails every
| where throughout the ;West Indies.
where.there are many injured persons. It
is-- Relieved that about 500 persons have
lost' their" lives at St. Vincent.' The'ma
jority of • the . corpses are still unburied.
Reports from Barbadoes and Grenada
«re that on Thursday the heat was al
most unbearable. The sky lowered un
til at 3 o'clock darkness was absolute.
Distinct reports like those of great can
non were 'heard from the direction of
St. Vincent. A,shes fell constantly,
making it difficult' to live in the open.
La Soufriere did not cease to roar
during the night of May 7.' Thirty
deaths were reported on May 8. Vol
canic dust continued falling, giving the
entire island of St. Vincent a deep man
tle.
Richmond Park and the estate of
Walibop were destroyed. Chateau Be
laire district was covered two .feet deep
with ashes. Earthquakes were contin
uous. Kingstown seemed to.be threat
ened and fear, was' upon all. i.
From St. Vincent have been received
meager reports of the disaster in that
island. Warning of j the activity of' La
Soufriere was had on May 7. All. that
day disaster seemed to fill the air. The
skies were heavily overcast, deep thun
der was almost incessant, while light
ning, of the most vivid ; nature never
ceased to play. From' the mountain
came the. mutterings that sent panic to
the hearts of all dwellers on the island
Smoke rose in huge columns and vol
canic dust filled the air. At 4 o'clock
in the. afternoon it was as dark as mid
night.
ST. VINCENT'S WARNING.
sufferings. Twenty-one . cabin passen
gers lost their lives. •
OF course, this action is contingent
upon : the assent of France, but that
Government will, undoubtedly grateful
ly the charity of the United
States. M. Cambon, the French Em
bassadof, said this morning that; as sup
plies, from, this ;country, could reach the
island more quickly than from France,
undoubtedly the people of the French
repubUc would appreciate any relief that
this country would afford. At the same
time, Secretary j Hay will recognize the
sovereignty of ., France by notifying the
Paris authorities ' through Embassador
Porter of the readiness of this Govern
ment to extend relief to Martinique.
France's acceptance being merely a mat
ter, of 'form, the work of shipping sup
plies will Vnot for. a- moment be. inter
rupted.
- Officers of the army and navy will be "
detailed^ to. supervise-, the distribution of :
relief and their instructions will be strin
gent to co-operate, in every way with the
Frenclv authorities. ' If considered desir
able, the supplies, will be turned over 'to
the acting /Governor General of Mar
tinique. There is not to be the slightest
friction* between the American and
French authorities if it^can' be; avoided.
J^& ALL BUREAU. 1406 G
S STREET, N. W., WASH
|I- ~y INGTON, May 11.— In an-
ticipation of the passage by
. the House of the Senate. bill
appropriating $100,000 for relief, of suf
ferers from the eruption which has dev
astated Martinique, the War Depart
ment will take immediate action. for the
purchase- and transportation of supplies
to the distressed islanders' It is the ex
pecfation of the State Department that
Consul Ayme, who left Gaudeloupe yes
terday for. Martinique, will return-to
morrow to his post and that it will be
advised by to-morrow night of the ex
tent of the injuries inflicted by the vol
cano and character of the relief that
should be forwarded. As soon as this
information is at hand. Brigadier Gen
eral Weston, commissary general, will
be directed to collect . stores at New.
York. They will be immediately loaded
on an army transport, or, more^ proba
bly, on the Dixie, the naval training ship,
which Secretary Moody was informed
to-day would be ready to sail on Tues
day. As food is probably the first need
of the people, the Dixie will be hurried
with.it to Martinique. The transport
Sedgwick, which is at New York, will,
if she can be got into condition in
time, convey clothes, lumber and such
other' supplies as the information re
received by the State Department may
show to be necessary. v
PERMISSION FROM FRANCE.
' The Administration is hopeful, in
view of the extent of the disaster and
the fact that France and Great Britain
L In .view of the distress, which exists
in St. Vincent, "an effort may be made
by the State Department to have the
bill for the relief of Martinique so
amended that it- will enable the dispatch
of supplies to British islands. as well.
This will be done in order to prevent
any legal technicalities being raised by
accounting officers.
AID FOR ST. VINCENT .
No word reached the State Depart
ment to-day regarding the conditions
on Martinique or on the island of St.
Vincent, which is also said to have suf
fered from an earthquake. Cable com
munication with St/ Vincent, as well as
with Martinique, has been interrupted,
according to information . in possession
of the State Department, and this prob
ably accounts for the fact that the Unit
ed States has not heard from Ernest A.
Richards, its consular agent at that
point. Mr. Richards is not a citizen of
the United States, but a British subject.
He was born in St. Vincent and has al
ways resided in the island. He was ap
pointed' consular agent upon the •rec
ommendation- of the American Consul
in Barbadoes. • -
The preservation of order in Martin
ique will probably be a matter of some
importance. The French man-of-war
Suchet, which is at Fort de' France, will
undoubtedly land officers and men
should their presence be required. . The
cruiser Cincinnati, which is expected to
sail to-day from Santo Domingo, will
arrive at Fort de France bv Tuesday
night, and Commander McLean will
tender the use of parties from his ship
if the French are unable to prevent law
lessness. The men sent ashore will re
»pect the sovereignty of France and will
co-operate in every way possible with
the French guards. There are warships
flying. the British and Danish. flags in
the waters of Martinique and they, too,
will aid in every way, -it is believed, in
preserving order and in giving such re
lief as is possible to the people who are
actually in need. - -p- :
It was suggested to-day that the trans
portation of relief might be more ex
peditiously effected by using San Juan
as a base. Governor Hunt 'could send
such supplies from Porto Rico as could
be gathered there and then could fol
low the supplies purchased in this coun
try. ) -::\,:y ';
"marines may be landed
under the instructions, which will be is
sued by the War and Navy depart
ments. ....••
cannot promptly send relief from En-,
rope, that the House will act to-mor
row, upon the relief bill. As soon a*
passed it will be conveyed to* the White
House, where it will receive the immed
iate approval of the President. If it i3
determined to send supplies to St. Vin
cent,'the Dixie or some other vessel
will be ordered to proceed to that isl
and. ¦ •:-:-: :¦¦}•
PARIS, May U.— President Loubet has
contributed 20,000 francs and the Cabinet
has donated 5500 francs to the fund being
raised here for the sufferers by the St.
Pierre disaster.
LOUBET'S CONTRIBUTION.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
United States Hastens to Send Supplies
to the Suffering Islanders.
DREAD TALE of probably the most awful disaster in the history ojuthe^ town of St. Pierre and its 40,000 inhabitants, in the
ff island of Martinique, by a tepriblesto^mo^ lire resultant b^ Only meager details of the horror of thecat
• M. aclysm and tjie terrible sufferings of those wh^ to rescue lives from the
seething sea: of flame have been received/ from t^ the volcanic mountain La
Soufriere also remains to be related. : ' - t , . . - - " ' > \
To obtain and publish these details TI^ Call ha^ made extent the nearest to the island of
Martinique, have received instructionsby. cableto go at once t^ the way -on^tlie, fastest steamships.ply ing the Caribbean Sea.
Special correspondents at Porto Rico and St. vThomas, contiguous to "and at^the northern end of -the chain o? islands ...forming the Lesser Antilles, also have received cable
orders to hasten to Martinique by the first steamers sailing for the Islahldv v ¦; ' "
These correspondents wilf be reinforced b^ York Friday night under
orders to spare no expense in making the "quickest possible 1 trip; to "Martinique^ selected for the work, who
departed from the Eastern metropolis on a steamship speci§lly^c^artered^tom great special staff Will be supple
mented by the best efforts of a large number- of first-class sketch artists an^ of the camera and
the pencil the terrible scenes of devastation. ~A^ The special corre
spondents will begin cabling their reports as soon as they reach their destinad^ assured that the best and most complete details of the
most stupendous calamity of many centuries wHl be ¥^ de France and other
points ad]scent to Martinique are cabling toVThe Call air news from the stricken^islahd,^ ; ; ;: \
WRITERS AND ARTISTS SPEEDING TO ST. PIERRE FOR THE CALL
FAMINE ADDS TO MARTINIQUE HORROR
2
JOHN J. FULTON CO.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Make the blood pure, vigorous and
rich, create 2ppetite, Rive vitality,
strength and animation, and cure all
eruptions. Have the whole family be-
gin to take them to-day. ,
'Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeos the oromlse.
Spring Medicine
There is no other season when Rood
medicine is so much needed as in the
' Spring.
.The blood is impure, weak and im-
poverished — a condition indicated by
pimples and other eruptions on the
face and body, by deficient vitality, loss
of appetite, lack of strength and want of
animation. ; ; ; " ;^ .
. "To the John J. Fulton Co., Mills Build-
f ing— Gentlemen : Last January I was pro-
nounced hopelessly ill from Bright's Dis-
ease by one of our leading physicians. H«
suggested, aa a last resort, that 1 might
try Fulton's Renal Compound. I had
dropsy, heart trouble and had had nine-
teen convulsions. I have taken the rem-
edy continually since January. I have
gained thirty pound?, in weight; my
dropsy has entirely disappeared, my heart
action is normal, I sleep and rest well, and -
the albumen is reduced to a trace. Your
medicine has saved my life. Publish this
anywhere, I hope everywhere, that oth-
ers may be saved. Yours gratefully,
"WM. STRICKLAND. "V
"7 Maple St, Oakland, Cal."
Medical works agree that Bright's Di«-
ease and Diabetes are incurable, hut ST
per cent are positively recovering under
the Fulton Compounds. (Dropsy, Bladder
Trouble, Rheumatism from uric acid, anj
the minor kidney diseases are soon re-
lieved.) Price. $1 for Bright's Disease
and Jl 50 for Diabetic Compound. - Free
tests made for patients. Descriptive pam-
phlets mailed free.- Call or address John
J: Fulton Co., Mills building, Montgomery
St.. San Francisco. . .
Our remedies can also be obtained from
following. San Francisco druggists:
OWL DRUG CO., ;
FEKBY DBTJG CO.,
D. M. GOVE,
ST. NICHOLAS PHAEMACY,
BOYKEN'S PHARMACY,
: LION DRUG CO.,
C. L. BARaiNGTON,
KIBBLER'S PHARMACY,
J: J. MAHONEY,
• E. W. •¦; JOY,
POTTS DRUG CO.,
. GEORGE DAHLBENDER, •
E. HAPPERSBERGER,
CHARLES D. , ZEILE,
. . NEWTON'S PHARMACY,
J. H. WINTER,
CITY HALL PHARMACY,
FRANK T/^GREEN.
Bright's Disease and Dia-
betes No Longer Fatal.
SAVEDContinued From Page One.
The city reeks with a horrible odor of burned flesh. /In one instance
an entire family of nine persons were found/ all tightly locked in each other's
arms.
Those who have come back here from the city report that the streets and
all the neighborhood around are now incumbered in all directions by heaps
of bodies. Most of tlie dead bodies thus far seen were naked7 their cloth
ing apparently having been burned from their bodies like so much tinder, while
they themselves were roasted to.death. In the vast majority of instances fires
seem to have been the sole cause of death.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, May 11. — A landing has been suc
cessfully made at St. Pierre and the work of exploring, the ruins ot the devas
tated city has begun. Although it will be several days before the full extent
of the havoc wrought can be ascertained, enough has been learned to indi
cate that the very worst anticipations are more than realized.
The hands of the clock had ; stoped at precisely ten -minutes to 8 o'clock,
showing ithat it was at that moment that the city was and all
the thousands|of people, within, it and in its environs were destroyed..
Clock's Hands Supply an Imported
Along the .water front there are a few walls' standing and the. ruins of the
Custom-house were found. ; The face and hands of the clock on the- hospital
were not destroyed and arid they furnish an important record, in the history, of
this terrible catastrophe. V ;
The entire quarters of the fort and of the Carbet are completely leveled to
the ground, forming nothing but heaps of ruins^ covered thickly over with
ashes, cinders and masses of mud and lava commingled. What horrible reve
lations of the havoc wrought to. human life which these mounds are yet to
reveal can hardly be imagined. Iri;these two quarters of the city not atrace
of th^ streets that existed there csn be seen; They are r r buried completely
out of sight, as were those of Pompeii. v
DEAD ENCUMBER STREETS AND BYWAYS
IN ALL PARTS OF DESTROYED ST. PIERRE
guard by the soldiers. In the country there is no fopd and it is believed that
thousands are starving. As soon as food can be obtained, relief parties will
be sent out from Fort de France.
Almost the first thing done' was to make preparations for the crema
tion of the dead. Fatigue. parties of soldiers built enormous pyres of wood
and branches of trees, upon which they heaped the bodies by scores^ and
burned them'as rapidly, as possible. To facilitate the combustion and to de
stroy as far as possible the awful odor of burning flesh which came from them,
the impromptu crematories were heavily soaked with coal tar and petroleum.
The total number of dead is now estimated at fully 25,000. The disaster,
itself took place within thirty seconds, and. in that half-minute the vast ma
jority of all these people were killed. *
Steamers are also going back as -rapidly as possible to the scene of the
disaster, carryings with them provisions and clothing. The 450 persons
brought here by the cable ship Pouyer Quertier were from the neighborhood
of the village "of Precheur/ 'They were entirely without shelter when found,
but none of them were burrred or injured.
Every ship in the harbor at the time of. the disaster, with the single ex
ception of the English steamer Roddam, was burned, and all on board were
lost, excepting one captain. feSSfi
v In relating his escape, this captain says that the only way in 7 which he
managed to save his' 1 life was by repeatedly diving. He was an expert swim
mer and was able to remain under water for a considerable length of time. .
He returned again and again to the surface, barely exposing his face fora mo
ment or two to the terrific heat and thus getting enough breath for another
long dive. .• ' "
\ I'll '1t« t ,..« •• »'«••€' •«--.*.
As much help as possible has been sent to the surviving people in the vi
cinity of the city. Steamers loaded with half-crazed men, women and
c hi Id renjrorn districts in the neighborhood of St. Pierre are constantly arriv- i
ing here. v ' .
Hurrying Provisions to the Sufferers.
At the last accounts from St. Pierre the work of exploring the ruins for
the treasure buried beneath them was going on at the same time with the in
cineration of the dead. The vaults of the Bank of Martinique had been opened
and all the securities, notes and cash were found intact. They were all se
cured, and, together with otljer treasure, have been brought\here to Fort de
Tot Additional Martinique News
See Page Four.
FIRST PARTY TO LAND AT ST. PIERRE FINDS BODIES ENCUMBERING THE STREETS
PERISHED ON THE BORAIMA.
NEW YORK, May H.— In the office of
the British Consul in this city is a list of
' It is reported that. Fort de France, Isl
and-of Martinique, is threatened, con
cludes the correspondent, and there is
frightful tension everywhere..
The latest news received here from St.
Vincent, continues the - correspondent;
says the, number of dead there is sup
posed to reach 500, the majority of whoir
have not been 'buried.
/Some of the outlying parishes of. the
island of Martinique have been inundated.
The whole northern portion of. the island
is burning. It has been denuded of vege
tation and is a rocky wilderness. \
f ONDON, May 12.— A dispatch to V-.~
'§ Times from St. Thomas, D. W. ?.,
"^""^ says that St. Pierre was destroyed
in the twinkling of an' eye and that not
forty of the inhabitants of the city es
caped.
DESTRUCTION
OF ST. PIERRE
INSTANTANEOUS
"Then came the deluge of hot stuff
sweeping over the town, demolishing
houses, trees and all vegetation. There
was a terrible hissing and roaring. We,
could see the natives running aimlessly
about. Many of them ran for their houses
and others, made straight for the sea,
where they were engulfed by the torrent
"We had been hearing for several days
that Pelee was rumbling, smoking and
spitting occasional fire," said he. "but we
felt no anxiety and were desirous of mak
ing port, as we had just run through a
heavy thunderstorm. Our stevedores were
busy hustling the cargo when suddenly
there was a deafening explosion and the
earth trembled violently. We all looked
toward Pelee and I saw the most appal
ling and terrifying sight of ray Hfe. I
thought the end of the world had come.
A great sheet of flame leaped from the
mountain top, followed toy spurts' of flame
and smoke alternately like the puffing of
a locomotive on a dark night. Then an
other great sheet of flame leaped hun
dreds of feet Into the air, followed by a
great lot of smoke and lava. It continued
to spout forth lava and emoke for appar
ently a minute or two. though I suppose
actually it was only a few seconds.
Publishing Company.
DOMINICA, B. "W. Ly May 11.— An offi
cer of the steame;/Ttoraima, who has
arrived here to-day, told the story
of his dreadful experience in the har
bor of St. Pierre.
Epc-ial Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copj-riffht. 1902, by the Herald
"I insisted on going on deck, for I be
lieved I. was not much hurt, only stunned
and burned about the face and hands.
The captain had been badly scorched. -His
face was hardly # recognizable and his
clothes were ash-covered and charred, but
I knew him by his lumbering gait. He
cried' out for a boat to be lowered, but
this was impossible, for the only ones
left had big holes burned in their bot
toms.
of lava which swept over their heads.
Many of them went under with pitiful
screams; others tried to fight their way
to . the vessels, but before they
had made any headway the terrible deluge
was upon' us, too. Hot stones and mud
clattered and splashed upon the decks and
rigging. The tarred ropes and our sails
were soon blazing.
"Then came a great tidal wave,' which,
careened our ship. I thought sure we
had gone clear over, but the Roraima
balanced herself, and then settled back
to rights with a great lurch. Our masts
and funnel were swept away. Only two
lifeboats were left. I was almost killed
by being dashed against a stanchion. It
was several seconds before I could real
ize anything. Some stevedores were
i bending over me, and rocks and ashes
were raining down on the deck all about
me. I was then hauled into the steerage.
Many sailors, who had sought safety
there, were uttering agonizing shriek's
with the pain of burns. They were roll
ing about, one on top of another. When
a stevedore finally came to help 'me to
a better place several corpses were piled
on ton of me.
Among the deaths are whole families
whose corpses are in several places Still
lying unburied. The dead will be inn "
terred in trenches. . , ',
Several districts have not yet. been
heard from, and the scene of the erup
tion is unapproachable. Every hour
brings sadder news. The nurses and
doctors are overworked.
It is impossible to give full details at
present. As a result of the disaster\on
this island all business has been sus
pended for three days. The . public
mind is still unsettled, fearinsr further
disaster.
is feeding numbers of sufferers from the
outbreak". Great physical changes have
taken place in the neighborhood of La
Soufriere.
that a man who has just returned
from the boiling lake district of that isl
and went within a hundred yards of th«
lake and found that the water had dis
appeared and that from a vent ten feet
in diameter in the center was a column
of steam that rose to a height of thirty
feet before spreading into the atmos
phere. That district otherwise was ap
parently unchanged, but the sulphur
gases were very strong. <- >•
ST. THOMAS, D. TV. I., May 11— A
dispatch just received here from th*
island of Dominica, D. "W. I., says
GRAPHIC TALE
BY SURVIVOR
OF RORAIMA
BOILING LAKE
ON DOMINICA
SPOUTS STEAM
"The surgeons in the hospital held out
hope for recovery of the rest of our men.
but several of them are terribly injured
and will he maimed and disfigured for life.
"It was a living hell on earth 'and
enough to make lunatics of us all. I fear
that at least one man in the hospital is a
raving maniac. He is a native of Porto
Rico, 1 speaks little English and his rav
ings are unintelligible, but he appears to
be bereft of his senses, and cries con
stantly, 'El Terre Moto, El Terre Moto.'
As for, poor Captain Muggah, God grant
that he is at least out of all the suffering
of this world." »
"Finally, after hours of terrible suffer
ing and suspense, we saw a vessel pick
ing her way cautiously through the sea to
us, and blowing blasts of encouragement.
She was the French man-of-war Suchet.
All of the Roraima's men were dead but
sixteen and one died while he was being
transferred to the Suchet.
"When, finally, the fury of Pelee had
somewhat subsided I looked landward.
Nothing was visible. through the mist of
smoke and ashes but a desolate stretch
ot gray lava, with patches of fire. Burned
treetops stuck out above the lava and
piles of ashes. Not a house could be seen
or a native alive. Many corpses were
floating in the water, burned \ horribly
about the face. - .'..'.
"When we lookpd for Captain. Muggah
he was nowhere to be found, but a native
stevedore, who spoke English imperfectly,
gave us to understand that he had
jumped overboard and, swam toward a
raft with; stones and lava showering all
about him. They say he succeeded in
reaching the raft, but must have perr
ished, as we have heard nothing from
him. . ¦
- "The «a- was -rf&ss&ift into grtat billows
and the lava hissed^Hike : a, thousand
snakes. Blinding, steam arose on all sides
of the vessel: I could nowhere see
a sign of any other vessel arid, believe all
but the Roraima went down. ' I always
said ¦ she could outweather any craft in
the At'antic.
'the men of the crew of the Roraima, as
taken from the ship's articles. Some of
the boat's crew were shipped at Barba
does on the vessel's last run out, so that
may be made eventually, but as it
stands the men. believed to have died are:
James- Adams, waiter, Brooklyn; Andre
Andrano, fireman; Juna Augum, trimmer,
Manhattan; * Micelle Araillo; Emanuel
Beluardo, Brooklyn; Francis Benet, fire
man; Edwin Bowman, assistant cook;
Eugene S. Brown, purser; Juan Calo, fire
man; Francisco Donaldo, seaman, Brook
lyn; D. Francisco, Brooklyn; Andres
Buo; Giovanni Galero, Brooklyn; Pelee
Garme, trimmer; M. G. Galegq, fireman;
Aleffi Gulajine; M» Mabeal, waiter, Hobo
ken; W. Houston: M. Julien, Brooklyn;
Gustave Landon, quartermaster, Manhat
tan; George T. Muggah; James M. Tear,
chief engineer, Newark; John Morris,
fourth engineer, Brooklyn; Emanuel Nor
dlgo, able seaman., Brooklyn; Rafael Pe
rez, fireman; Antonio Salareo, fireman;
Giuseppe Salonico; Arello Salverterre; M.
Sanchez, fireman; W. Souchey, chief
steward, Brooklyn; Santo Vindegren,
Brooklyn; Charles Wilhelmi, waiter, Man
hattan. ;
GEORGETOWN, ONE OF THE ST.
VINCENT ISLAND TOWNS THAT
: IS ALSO THREATENED.
The lava destroyed several districts,
with their livestock;. people are fleeing
to this town; streams are dried up and
and in many places a food and water
famine is threatened. The Government
FAMINE NOW THREATENS..
The crater is still active as this dis
patch is sent and great loss of life is be
lieved to. have occurred.
On the morning of Friday there was
a fresh eruptipn and ejections of fiery
matter, more dust covering the island,
in some places two feet deep. }
SCENE AWES BEHOLDERS.
; At midday the craters ejected enor
mous clouds of steamy vapor, rising
majestically eight miles high and ex
panding into -wonderful shapes, resem
bling enormous cauliflowers, gigantic
wheels and beautiful flower formations,
streaked up, down and crosswise with
vivid flashes of lightning, awing the
beholder. The mountain labored to rid
itself of a mass of molten lava,
which later flowed over, in six
streams, down the side of the vol
cano and the greater noises fol
lowing united in one continuous roar
all evening, through the night to Thurs
day morning, accompanied by black
rain and falling dust.
. tw- . IVINGSTON. Island of St.
' B Vincent, B: W. I., May.io.—
¦ '. B .' After numerous earthquakes.
jj|[ during the /preceding ' fort
' night, -accompanied by sub
terranean noises in the direction of La
Soufriere volcano, on . the northwest
part of the island, a loud explosion
from the crater occurred- on -Monday
last, arid the water in the crater lake
ascended in a stupendous cloud of
steam and exploded heavily.
The noises grew louder continually
until Wednesday morning, when the
old crater, three mile's in circumference,
and the new crater, formed by the last
eruption. 'belched smoke and stones,
forcing the residents of Richmond Val
ley, beneath the volcano, to flee to Cha
.teau Belair for refuge. ' • .
The thunderous noises, which were
continually,' increasing, were heard in
neighboring islands, 200 miles away.
St. Vincent's Dead Are
Interred in Long
Trenches.
"I almost neglected to tell you of the
fate of twenty poor negroes. We had
brought\with us on the voyage twenty
negroes as stevedores. Only six are
now alive, many of them having jumped
into the sea in their terror. Here they
must have been literally boiled to death,
for the water was as hot as fire. Among
the dead are the Roddam's first and
second mates, the supercargo and' chief
engineer.'*"
"House after, house was consumed
like a match box. Many houses there
were built of coral and of course these
were not destroyed, and when excava
tions are begun I have no doubt the
bodies will be found in more or less
well preserved condition, although
ch-rred. I look for a repetition of the
scenes at Pompeii, described by Lord
Lytton. ¦ ¦
and the sea was lashed by hissine show
ers of hot lava. '
SEA'S WATER BOILING HOT.
kinds.
"It grew as dark as night and the air
was stifling. After two hours of hard
work we managed to get out of danger
by literally crawling along through the
sea.
"We could see no signs of the other
vessels, with the exception of the Ro
raima, which was apparently being rap
idly consumed by flames. The screams
of her crew were pitiful, but we had lit
tle time for sympathy with our unfor
tunate neighbors. ¦>
"We began a search for the dead
aboard and treatment of the injured.
The odor of burnt flesh was sickening.
I hope to God I may never again have
to pass through such an ordeal. We
brought nine men on deck. One was
d?ad and the others soon expired. We
applied oil from the engine room to
their burns and such other remedies as
our surgeon had in his medicine chest.
Their agonizing screams were pitiful in
the extreme.
DEAD I/YING ON THE DECK.
"When we reached St. Lucia we pre
sented a sickening sight. The dead,
eying and injured were lying about pro
miscuously on deck, ash-covered and
grimy — burned sometimes almost be
yond recognition. Eight have since
uied. making ten dead in all and sev
eral in the hospital are expected to die.
Yesterday we found the corpse of a
poor fellow in the forecastle peak,
where he had climbed, no doubt half
crazed by fear and his injuries.
"I can hardly see how a soul escaped
destruction in St. Pierre. The city
seemed to be walled in by fire from all
sides. The day was changed to inky
night and only the lurid flames, leap
ing and darting from Pelee crater like
forked lightning, illuminated the sky in
fitful spasms. Terror-stricken whites
and natives could be seen runnine wild
ly about, holding various kinds of im
provised shields over their heads in an
endeavor to ward off the terrible show
er of fire, chunks of incandescent rock
and lava, hot mud and ashes. Mont
Peiee bellowed like a thousand mad
bulls, the earth trembled violently
ENGINES NOT DAMAGED.
"We slipped anchor and got away.
Fortunately our engines were not dam
aped, and the engineers, being below
<leck. were among the few who were
not injured. We found it difficult to
steer, because the rudder was jammed
up with lava, rock and debris of all
ST. LUCIA, B. W. I., May u.
—An officer of the British
steamer Roddam. who, badly
burned and suffering intense
ly, is being cared for here,
was able to-day to give the first co
herent story of the thrilling escape of
his vessel from destruction, when sev
enteen other" ships in the, harbor were
burned and sunk.
"Early on the morning of May 8,"
said he, "Mont Pelee was throwing out
smoke and ashes and an hour or two
later, after we had hardly anchored, the
volcano belched forth -an enormous
quantity of fire, smoke, steam, mud and
ashes. A loud rumbling preceded a
heavy explosion that fairly made our
ship tremble and rattled down all the
dishes in our saloon and galley. The
water : around us whirled, eddied and
foamed. A great wall of lava swept
down the mountain side, over the town
and into the bay. It struck us broad
side and almost overturned the Rod
dam. The officers and crew sought
shelter in the cabin, forecastle and the
holds. Burning embers were blown
into the chart room, scorching and al
most suffocating me. Although terribly
burned, I fought my way through the
smoke and suffocating fumes.
_
from tiie special correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the N«*w
York Herald Publishing Company.
-A great ; waterspout' was seen this
morning.aboutsey-eh miles : off the west
coast of St. Lucia and on a line between
St. Vincent and | St Lucia." The surface
of the sea is >¦ gray with the ashes that
continue to sift from the- skies. For the
first time infour-days the sky here to
day was clear ami the sun shone. The
sulphur springs and the semi-extinct
volcanoes of this island are boilinz in
a normal manner, but they are beinsr
anxiously watched by those livintr near
them. The first display of unwonted
activity would be followed by a panic
. Kingston ; was reported as*, safe this
morning by a steamer that has iust zx
rived here. The city does not seem to
be threatened with destruction, though
pebbles and ashes fall without ceasing,
keeping the- inhabitants 'within doors.
Cinders, still burning, fall upon Kings
ton' after .each more violent eruption
of; La Soufriere. The inhabitants are
panic-stricken. and are prevented fleeing
from the city- only by the fact that they
have. no, place to go to. . ',
It is impossible to. estimate the loss of
life, but it is already so great as .to be
appalling and the death list is constant
ly increasing. Early reports placed the
loss of life on St. Vincent at more than
400, and that estimate must x no\v be far
below the real total. Flames are lit
erally sweeping the entire northern end
of St. Vincent. A great area has been
isolated by a flow of lava, which has
reached across the island. The clouds
of smoke overcast the skies in every di
rection and ships dare not venjture near
the coast. - , .
St. Lucia. \V. I.,
M May II. — St.. Vincent is still
B * threat€ncd..with the destruc-
, tion which fell upon St.
Pierre. -La Soufriere is still
in violent eruption. Terrific detona
tions'follow one another so closely that
they form one incessant rumble. Great
columns of steam, smoke and ashes
shoot into the air so high that no eye
can see where they break. -These are
lighted up by tongues of flame that fre
quently spread over the country, carry
ing death to every .living, thing.. For
many miles to the southward of La
Soufriere the country is under constant
bombardment. Large stones fall from
the darkened skies, adding to the de
struction .worked by the heat and the
clouds of ashes.
Officer of the Rod
dam Describes the
Horror.
Loss of Life on St>
Vincent Increases
Hourly.
KINGSTON
THUS FAR
ESCAPES
PITIFUL
SCREAMS
OF DYING
SOUFRIERE IS STILL BELCHING DEATH
THE SAN rKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
3MANILA, May 11.— Another, case of
cholera has occurred on board the United
States army transport Warren. The ship
and her passengers will be detained in
quarantine for an additional five days
Cholera on'a Transport.
THE HAGUE. May lL-The bulletins is
sued at Castle Loo concerning the.condi
tion of Queen Wilhelrnina have been re
duced to One a day, and it is expected
that they wjll soon cease altogether, j The
marked improvement In her Majesty's
condition continues and. the.»constant at
tendance of her physicians Is no longer
necessary. . . ... .?
Wilhelmina Bapidly Improves^
SIX PARTIES
OF REFUGEES
ARE MISSING
REDLANDS, May 11.— This afternoon
at Mentone, a small village three miles
north of Redlands, the two-year-old baby
of Frederick Huile was shot and killed by
its uncle of the same name. ..The uncle
was handling a 22-caliber rifle, when the
weapon was discharged, the ball passing
through the child's stomach and lungs
and imbedding itself in the wall. The
baby died In half an hour.
Baby Is Accidentally ,Shot.
SANTA ROSA, May 11.— Judge Burnett
has sustained the demurrer to the second
amended complaint In the suit of, the
Healdsburg Lighting Company versus the
city of Healdsburg. This is an action" in
which the plaintiff sought to .recover the
sum of 530,000 damages from the city of
Healdsburg on account of the removal ol
its poles and wires by order of the city
authorities. Of this sum $20,000 was aske<l
as damages to property and . the re
mainder as putative damages. Some
months ago the defendants demurred to
the complaint of the plaintiff and the de
murrer was sustained by Judge* Burn<»ti.
A second amended complaint was filed
and It has met a like ¦ fate. '^ f ¦ •
City of Healdsburg Again Victorious.
' The'Grenada passed Martinique on May
5, after hearing of the rumblings on- that
island and St. Vincent, and some of the
officers of the boat were on ,the look
out for eruptions of fire as ¦ they passed
the long chain of islands. News. of the
rumblings' on St. Vincent and Martinique
./VrEW YORK, ; May 11.— Captain Mur-
JyJ chisen . of the . British steamship
..7 Grenada, which arrived to-day from
Trinidad arid Grenada, "says that
while at Grenada reports ; from Mar
tinique were at hand stating' that Mont
Pelee was in active eruption on Saturday,
May 3. . . r ; . ¦ ¦. ,- •. . ,.-.: ¦; ¦ ¦
PARIS, May 11.— Even now, when
fuller, details of the Martinique dis
aster are arriving, , the Parisians
show few outward signs of interest in the
affair. ¦ From the appearance ; of the
streets, the cafes and mother, public re
sorts,' it would never be supposed" that
half 'of one of France's most flourishing
colonies had been wiped out" of 'existence.
A small crowd gathers daily at' the Min
istry of the Colonies waiting for bulletins,
which are posted as the West Indian dis
patches 'arrived This crowd is composed
The Colonial Office announced '?¦ to-day
that, in addition to the British cruiser In
defatigable, ordered to St. Vincent from
Trinidad, the British' third-class cruiser
Pallas has been ordered to St.. Vincent
from Jamaica with .supplies for the suf
ferers on the former island.
"In continuation of my last telegram,
my intention was to go to St. Vincent In
a small toasting' steamer; but-I_was
istrongly advised not to attempt the trip,
as the steamer narrowly escaped ' belrig
wrecked yesterday, and as theVw^ather
was looking- very bad in that direction.
The island is invisible, owing to a dense
black fog, cinders. -and sand.- I am very
anxiously awaiting the arrival of a .war
ship." ..';.=•
r ONDON, May 11,— Sir Robert Llew^l
1^ lyn, the Governor of the Windward
"^""^ Island, has cabled to the Colonial
Office from St. Lucia as follows: •
NAPA, May 11. —Word was r<?ceived here
this afternoon that Sheriff Dunlap and
Constable Allen had captured Antonio
Tavano, charged with the murder of
Charles Englehardt, last Thursday night
at Pine Flat. Sonoma County, They will
bring their prisoner to Napa jail to-hight.
The Sheriff'^ posse got on- Tavano's track
st Calistoga Saturday night. Tavano ad-
ESltted he was the man wanted and made
no resistance. He was worn out from his
travel through the mountains.
Officers Find Alleged Murderer.
CLOUD STILL
HANGS OVER
ST. VINCENT
LOUD NOISES
ARE HEARD
BY SAILORS
Official.
VALPARAISO, Chile, May 11.— A new
invasion of Chilean territory by "Argen
tine troops is reported, but lacks official
confirmation.
Negotiations for the limitation of the
Chilean-Argentine armaments are being
conducted with a satisfactory outlook. '
ITew Invasion of the Country Report
ed, but News Is Not
RUMOB SAYS ARGENTINA
TROOPS ASE IN CHILE
President Roosevelt has sent a dispatch
to President Loubet of France expressing
the regret of this nation over the catas
trophe^ ¦ . •
tatives In the "West Indies touch
ing the. disaster at St. Pierre. Consul
Ayme at Guadelupe reported, however,
that 'he expected to leave for Martinique
to-night, and - he will communicate
promptly what he learns to the depart
ment. The Navy Department also was
without any communication to-day from
the cruiser Cincinnati, whose commander
was directed to proceed from Santo Do
mingo to Martinique to render such aid
as was possible. Nor has anything been
heard from the Potomac, which was at
San Juan, and whose commander was
given authority to go to the stricken is
land. -. .
1 V r VSHINGTOX, May 11.— Nothing
W/l/ came to the State Department to
r • day from the Consular represen-
PARIS IS NOT
DISTURBED BY
THE DISASTER
At the New York Club to-day several of
the guests discussed the feasibility of
making a trip at once. Of the big sea
going yachts now out of commission, it
was believed work would be commenced
on more than one to-morrow, to get them
in readiness for the trip. Everybody who
discussed the subject expressed a desire
to make the trip to witness one of. the
most extraordinary spectacles of recent
times. Even should the eruptions have
ceased by the time Martinique and ; St.
Vincent have been reached, the sights to
be seen there wouTd, it, was thought, well
repay anybody for the trip.
m t EW YORK, May 11.— The steam
J\l yacht Aquilo,. belonging to "William
P. Eno of New York, is . now on
her way with her ? owner and a
large party of guests bound for Mar
tinique and St. Vincent to witness the
volcanic eruptions, having left this port
on Saturday afternoon. The indications
are that she will -be followed by a large
number of steam yachts, belonging at this
port. : . . '. •; .
The French cruiser Tage, flagship of the
Atlantic division, from New Orleans.
The Danish cruiser Valkyrien, from St.
Thomas.' •" - ' . ¦¦" •
m^ jrEW YORK. May 11.— These war
f\t vessels have been ordered by their
•* governments to the scene of the
Martinique disaster, with instruc
tions to; do all they can to rescue and
give aid . to the survivors :
The _ American cruiser Cincinnati, now
on- her way from- San Domingo.' ,
The American navy tug Potomac, on the
way from San Juan, Porto Rico. .
The American training ship Dixie, pre
paring to sail from the New York Navy
Yard. ;.
The American transport Sedgwlck, pre
paring at New York to carry clothing and
supplies for the islanders.
The British cruiser Indefatigable,' from
Trinidad. . V
The French cruiser Suchet, now In
West Indian waters. , '
The . French cruiser D'Assas, from
Brest. ¦ , . * . > ¦
YACHT SAILS
FOR SCENE
OF CALAMITY
WAR VESSELS
ORDERED TO
THE ISLANDS
Batteries — Currie, Ewing and Bergen; Do
heny and Smith. Umpires—rPbwers and Brown.
CINCINNATI. May 11. — Doheny pitched
superb ball and let Cincinnati down with six
hits and no runs. The playing of Plttsburg
was good, while that of Cincinnati was very
poor. Error after error was made behlnpT Cur
rie until the crowd became disgusted. ; Score:
R. ' H. ":' E.
Cincinnati 0 C-' C
Plttsburg i . 10 • 10 0
ST. LOUIS, May 11. — The New Yorks won in
their half of the ninth inning by slugging
Wicker's slants with vengeance. Four singles
and three runs were counted for New .York
in this inning. The game was p'rettlly played.
Attendance, 7800. Score:
R- H. E.
St. Louis 4 10- 1
New York 5 10 0
Batteries — Wicker and Nichols; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire — Cant i lion.
CHICAGO. May. 11. — Brooklyn shut out Chi
cago in a closely contested game by opportune
hitting. Newton was in excellent form and
had his . opponents completely at his mercy.
Attendance, 17,000. Score:
R. ¦¦¦ . H. E.
Chicago 0 3 . 1
Brooklyn 3 9 1
Batteries — Taylor and Chance; Newton and
Ahern. Umpire — Emslie.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
DETROIT, May 11. — Mullin pitched a great
game for seven innings, but m the eighth and
ninth Chicago hammered out six runs and tied
the score. Yeager was substituted in the mid
dle of the ninth inning. In the tenth Mc-
Guire got a base on balls, Buelow ran for him.
He was advanced to Feccnd by Casey's Infield
hit and scored on Harley's two-bagger into
the crowd, winning the game. Attendance,
7500. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 10 20 2
Chicago 9 10 5
Batteries-^Mullin. Yeager and McGuire; Pat
terson, Piatt and Sullivan.
NEW YORK, May 11. — The Boston Ameri
oan tongue team played an exhibition game
with the Hobpken profeEsiopal nine at ?Ho
boken to-day and was defeated by a score
of G to 3. .
CLEVELAND, May 11. — There was no at
tempt to play a game of professional baseball
here to-day by the Cleveland American League
team. The baseball people decided not to op
pose the SheriH'€ determination to stop any
attempt at a game and President Kilfoyle of
the local team said that in deference to the
court before whom the argument for an in
junction was made and which has not "yet
rendered a decision, no game would be played.
to Run Counter to an Order
of Court,
SHERIFF PUTS A STOP .
TO BASEBALL GAME
.American League Officials Decide Net
WHITE HOUSE
SENDS A NOTE
OF SYMPATHY
Lieutenant Harding sailed from New
York a few months ago on the Alabama
in a fleet that was sent to Colubra to
erect fortifications. Later the fleet re
turned to the United States, leaving
Harding in command. Mrs. Harding
sailed from New York on the Ponce a
month ago to join her husband.
S. A., who "has -been in "charge "of
the work of fortifying the island of Colu
bra, about 100 miles from St. Pierre, and
his wife have been lost in the recent vol
cano. •
"My brother has been in the habit of
writing me weekly," said Harding to-day.
"I have not heard from him for some
time, and fear ha may have been in Mar
tinique." , . . . .
j* ANSAS CITY. May 11.— James Hard
t\ ing, a local attorney, -fears that his
-* »¦ brother. Lieutenant S. Harding, U.
FEARS LIVES
OF RELATIVES
WERE ENDED
Colonel Barry, when seen, spoke in the
same strain. "Mr. • Findlayson and myself
had been close companions for years,"
said Colonel Barry. "We lived together
and I transacted all of his legal business
for him. He was never married to my
knowledge, and I don't anticipate that
either a widow or an heir will turn up to
lay claim to his wealth."
The funeral will take place Wednesday
morning at 9 o'clock from the residence
of Countess Ingargolia, 905 Eddy street.
These arrangements were made at the re
quest of Findlayson's relatives. The body
will be interred at Cypress Lawn Cem
etery.
"Uncle James was only a friend of
mine," said Countess Ingargolia, when
seen last night at her elegantly furnished
flat on Eddy street. "We all called him
Uncle James, and perhaps that is the trea
son why my position in this matter has
been strangely misunderstood. I do not
intend to be a contestant for nig wealth,
and I am grieved very much to think that
such an impression has gone abroad.
When Mr. Findlayson took sick I went
to his bedside simply in the capacity of a
friend. The statement that I demanded
his keys and papers is absolutely untrue.
I -wanted to see his interests protected
from designing persons while he was alive
and now that he is dead I hope to see his
last wishes acknowledged and expressed
in his will carried out to the letter. Mr.
Findlayson's sister knew the friendly in
terest I took in Uncle James and the fact
that she desires the funeral to take place
from my house is convincing enough to
show that my position in the matter was
never for a moment misunderstood by
those who held him dear."
COUNTESS IS GBIEVED.
Colonel Barry was the custodian of
Findlayson s absolute confidence. He
Knew his history well, and in ' business
ueals Findlayson often sought his advice.
-That," explains Colonel Barry, "is the
extent of my interest in this case.'
So it in now "up" to the known rela
tives of Findlayscn unless, of course, a
widow or an heir turns up to press a
claim to some of the wealth of the dead
the will, which will probably be
filed for probate in the next few- days,
Findlayson has provided for his two sis
ters llrs. William Patterson of this city
and Mrs. McKinnon of St. Louis. He
left them each the sum of $20,000. To a
certain Mrs. Mascn, who seems to be
unknown to the friends and relatives of
¦Findlayson, he bequeathed the sum of
515 000 A nephew, who lives. in Canada,
is mentioned for $3000. ' Two nieces of
the dead man, who reside in Alameda
County, were cut off without a penny.
The residue of the estate is to be di
vided among ten charitable institutions,
including, it is said, the Children's Hos
pital, the Jewish Orphan Asylum and
the Old People's Home. The bequests to
the charitable institutions cannot, ac
cording to law. exceed one-third of the
value of the estate.
Those who knew the affairs of Findlay
son say that since he made the will, fite
vears ago, his estate has increased enor
mously in value. If this is the case the
relatives mentioned in the document will
receive larger amounts than was original
ly bequeathed them by Findlayson at the
time he made his will. ¦
SOUGHT BARRY'S ADVICE.
Neither Cocntess Ingargolia nor her
legal adviser, Colonel A. C. Barryv both
of whom were intimate friends of the
late capitalist, James Findlayson, will
be factors in the threatened cocntest over
his vast estate. This much of tlie tangled
squabbte ov*>r the dead man's "wealth
is straightened otft by the positive state
ments of Countess Ingargolia and Colonel
Barry that thev do not intend and never
did intend to participate in any way in
the struggle which has already com
menced in the courts. Countess Ingargo
lia readily admits that the dead man
was not related to her in any way, and
states that she has no interest in the
future disposition of his property. She
explains her interest in his welfare while
BliVC by saying that he had roomed at
her house for the last seven years, and
that he was "just like one of the fam
ily." It was her habit to call him
••Uncle," just as it was that of others
who lived with him under the same roof.
Colonel Barry states that he has been
a lifelong friend of the deceased, and
that he once drew up a will for Fmdlay
eon, which the- latter subsequently de
stroyed.
The Temps, in an editorial . this morn
ing, remarks that so many matters of
public interest have occurred this week
railroad accidents, the disaster at Mar
tiniques, a huge swindling case and the
elections— that they neutralize each other,
while, had they come singly, each one
would have monopolized the public mind.
The only signs of public mourning are
the half-masted flags over the Govern
ment buildings. The people present their
usual holiday-making appearance.
of natives of Martinique, a number of
whom are attending the Government
schools here, reporters in quest of news
and women with relatives at St. Pierre.
It was latterly Iropa, yesterday Tucaca
and to-day Carupano, where women and
children, without defense, • were merci
lessly transformed during several hours
into food for powder. The mothers of
Carupano send to their sisters of the
United States a cry for sympathy and im
plore their assistance.
Never before have I seen such carnage
which was wrought by shells from the
three gunboats and by the firing of the
troops. Many persons were killed in the
town, but I am unable to give an approx
imate number. Foreigners in Carupano
are without assistance from their re
spective governments, notwithstanding
their appeals. .
I have been asked by the foreign colony
and unprotected Venezuelan families to
request the Herald, in the name of
humanity, to protest against the shelling
by Castro's forces of commercial towns
without giving the notice required under
the rules of civilized warfare.
PORT OF SPAIN, May 11.— I have just
returned from Carupano, the Venezuelan
seaport town which was attacked by land
and sea on May 6 by Government troops
and gunboats without twenty-four hours;
notice having been given, so that non
combatants could leave the town. .
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1902, by the Herald
Publlshine Company.
i The latest reports received here showed
that lava continues to pour down the
slopes of the mountain, slowly engulfing
the whole north side of the island, while
fresh -crevasses ar« continually opening.
The work, of^relief is progressing here
on the most extensive scale possible, but
in anticipation of disturbances the treas
ury building and the warehouses are
guarded by troops. ,
The .450 survivors who were brough t
here- yesterday from the vicinity of St.
Pierre .-by-, the French cable repair ship
Pouyer Buertier came from the town . of
Le. Precheur, where, surrounded on all
sides by flowing lava, they -were nearly
roasted-, to death and expected moment
"arily to be engulfed.
.The inhabitants of Fort de France were
panic-stricken the morning of , the disas
ter, when "the sky suddenly blackened un
til it was as dark; as midnight. The sea
shrank back thirty ..yards and hot, rain
began to fall, while, gravel the size of wal
nuts poured down on the town. This last
ed about fifteen minues.
Throughout .Thursday \ the- heat, in the
vicinity of- St. Pierre was so intense and
the stream, of flowing lava was so unre
mitting. that it was impossible to ap
proach the town|d~uring the early part of
the day. As evening approached the
French truiser Suchet, after a heroic bat
tle' with the heat, suffocation and sulphur
fumes, succeeded in' making a dash to
ward, the shore, nearing the land close
enough to ' enable her tq take off thirty
survivors, of » the disaster, all of whom
were terribly burned and. mutilated. St.
Pierreat that time was an absolute smok
ing waste; concealing ; 30,000' corpses, whose
rapid decomposition necessitated in some
flases instantly completing their crema
tion, whieb'was only-partly accomplished
by tlie lava/.'. ' i ¦ ' ,' .
„' A commission was appointed'- by the
Governor to investigate the outbreak and
it returned , a ; reassuring report on Wed
nesday evening. But about- 8 o'clock on
Thursday morning a shower of fire rushed
down on St. Pierre and. the coast from Le
Carbet, which, had a population of 6000, to
Le Prechem, • which had a' population #f
4000, burning up everything in its path, r .
The crater of . Mont Pelee has been
"wearing its; smoke cap" since the 3d of
May,: but "there ¦¦.was nothing until last
Monday to indicate that there was the
sligntest danger. v On that: day a stream
of boiling, lava burst through the top of
the crater and plunged into the valley of
the river Blanche, overwhelming the Gue
rtn sugar works and killing twenty-three
work people.and the son of the proprietor.
St. Pierre . (ten. miles away) con
tain^ further .details* of/, the -terrible
volcanic upheaval^ which /resulted in the
utter, destruction of that town and .the
death of nearly, all of its inhabitants. ..
. y^ QRT DE; FRANCE, Island of Mar
#""* Unique," May 11.— Advices • received
here -'to-day';': from the vicinity of
Families in Unprotected Towns Ap
peali to the United States to
Prevent Further Attacks
-. on Non-Ccmbatants.
Deceased Capitalist Leaves One-
Third of His Vast Estate
to Charitable In
stitutions.
James Findlayson Makes Am
ple Provision for His
Relatives.
Venezuela's Soldiers Cruelly
Ignore the Kules of
Warfare-
McGrath further said that a ship of the
Trinidad line, plying between the same
ports as the Grenada, would arrive in
New York a week from Wednesday, and
in "all probability would have plenty of
news of the disaster.
"The people in Grenada seemed to think
a great deal about the noises while we
were there," said McGrath', "and from the
talk I' heard I judge they were frightened.
We put out from. Grenada on the 4th and
passed Martinique about 8 o'clock the
next morning. Our course carried us
about fifty miles from the island, and
as the morning was clear,, we could see
the mountains in the distance. The whole
chain of islands down there are likely to
go off like that at any time. I tell you
it is a bad place, and I wonder anybody
lives there." - •
McGrath said that the news of the dis
aster on Martinique first reached the
Grenada while off Sandy Hook. He was
not greatly surprised. • .
leached the captain while the Grenada
was at Grenada, an island directly south
of St. Vincent, and he spoke of it to
the second officer of the ship, James Mc-
Grath. .
The result of 16S reballots out of a total
of 174 shows that 128 Ministerialists and
forty anti-Ministerialists have' been elect
ed. The Ministerialists gain nine seats
in the Chamber as a result of the rebal
loting. The Government majority is ma
terially strengthened. The Dreyfus
champion, Joseph Reinach, Republican,
whose reappearance in political life was
one of the features of- the elections, has
been defeated in his district of the de
partment of Basses-Alpes.
The -Deputies elected include Clovis-
Hunues, the Doet Socialist, while Vivani
and Allemans, Socialists, were defeated.
All the Ministerialists In Algeria were de
feated. ' ' .
The reports indicate that the reballot
has been favorable to the Government, as
half the Ministerialists, including Legues,
the Minister of? Public Instruction; Bris
son and Jules Siegfried, former Minister
of Commerce, were elected. Paris has
elected . nineteen Ministerialists and nine.
anti-Ministerialists, the latter gaining
three seats in the Chamber.
The only serious election disturbance
reported occurred at Marseilles, where
the ¦ quarters of J the- fusion 'committee
were mobbed. \ . j Windows were smashed
and pistols were discharged. Nobody was
Injured, ' and some arrests were made.
Paschal-Grousset, Ministerialist, a re
tiring Deputy, who was re-elected in
Paris, died of apoplexy this evening.
Lorthiois, Liberal-Republican; who was
elected at Lille, died shortly before the
polls closed. :
PARIS, May 11.— The Parisians in those
municipal districts where reballoting was
held to-day for the election of members
to the Chamber of ' 'Deputies crowded
early to the polls. They voted quickly,
and then j proceeded to enjoy * themselves
in their customary Sunday manner. The
voting was- especially heavy, and there
was much animation, especially in the
Twelfth district, where the Nationalists
concentrated their forces in an effort to
defeat the re-election by reballot of M.
Millerand, the Minister • of Commerce.
Millerand, however, secured a small ma
jority! * -.
Throughout the evening the boulevards
and .the streets in the neighborhood of
the newspaper offices were so crowded
that trafhc was suspended. .The excite
ment continued until a late hour, but the
crowd was good natured and orderly.
But one disturbance ¦ occurred — that at a
voting place in the Rue la Cordaire, after
the polls were closed. Thibeaud, a de
feated , Nationalist candidate, was in
jured. . . / " ' ,
SHAMOKIN. Pa., May 11.— The local of
ficials of the mines in the Shamokin dis
trict owned by the Philadelphia and
Reading Coal and Iron Company, the Un
ion Coal Company and the Mineral Rail
road and Mining Company were notified
by their respective companies last night
not to hire men to cut coal during the
suspension of the United Mine "Workers.
Samuel Nedroy, a representative of the
American Federation of Labor, said .to •
day that the federation would render all
possible aid to the miners.
Shamokin Mines to Suspend Work.
It was reported to-day that an effort
will be made to start up the Cranberry
breaker, operated by A. Pardee & Co.,
with non-union stripping, so that all the
coal that was not sent to the surface .on
Saturday may be prepared for market.
The stripping men to-day, however, say
that they will under no -conditions take
the places of strikers at the mines.
Meetings of the United Mine • Workers*
locals were_ held In most of the mining
villages in the Hazelton district to-day,
and delegates were elected to the coming,
convention. It is impossible to ascertain
the attitude of the locals on the question,
as the meetings were secret.
. The Lehigh Valley Coal Company an
nounced to-day that it will give employ
ment to all men who report for work to
morrow. • v^t : • '
HAZLETON, Pa., May 11.— Anticipating
the action of their employes, two of the
individual coal companies in this -region,
Coxa Bros. & Co., operating the Beaver
colliery, and Calvin Pardee Sons & Co.,
owners of the Lattmer mines, have noti
fied their employes that they need not
report for work until ordered to do so.
These companies, it is believed, expect
a long struggle.
Meetings of all the locals will be held
to elect delegates to the Hazleton con
vention.' The sentiment among the more
thoughtful and intelligent miners is op
posed to a continuance of; ,the strike.
These men will use as one qt their chief
arguments the significant fact that the
companies' mine officials are not soliciting
their merv4;o vote against the strike, while
at the same relative time in the fast strike
these same officers were working day and
night to discourage the men from strik
ing. The story that the Morganlzed fleets
will be used to. import coal and prevent
a famine does not cause President Mitch
ell any evident concern. He dismisses it
with the remark that the United States
is now exporting coal to all parts of the
world.
. The strike has already made itself se
riously felt in other lines of work. The
railroads have laid off four- fifths, of their
coal train crews, in all about 800 men, and
the Erie shops at Dunsmore, where mine
cars are repaired, will be shut down In
definitely to-morow, throwing .' 300 ' men
out of work. J
SCRANTON, Pa., May 11.— There will be
no coal mined in the Scranton end of the
antharicte region to-morrow. Even though
the strike order was not certain of being
religiously obeyed there would be no min
ing, as the companies have agreed that
no attempt would be made to operate. The
companies will not admit that the agree
ment to refrain from an attempt at op,e
rating is eventually to resolve itself into
a lockout should events at Hazleton make
such a thine possible. .
The Colonial Minister has
a relief distribution committee, con
sisting of himself and M. de Crais.' for
mer Colonial Minister, the colonial
members of the Chamber of Deputies,
the colonial Senators and a number of
commercial men. The first meeting of
this committee will occur on Tuesday.
The British Embassador. Sir Edmund
J. Monson, called at the Elysee Palace
this afternoon and communicated to
President Loubet personally the sym
pathy of King Edward. v . .
The candidates - for election to- • the
French Chamber of Deputies who per
ished at St. Pierre-were MM. Percin
and Le Clerc.
The waves of lava are still reported to
be flowing northward. They have ex
tended even to Le Carbet.
A French cable official who went to
St. Pierre reports that the company's
office has been burned to the ground
and there is no trace of the staff. This
official adds that the cremation of the
bodies of the victims has begun and
that the cable steamer Poyeur Quertier
is proceeding to repair the northern
cable.
LAVA STILL FLOWING.
W"^ARIS, May u.— The Temps
§ Jfy to-day, referring to the <Je-
M struction of St. Pierre, says:
M "We believe, from the jnfp'r
mation received here -from
the island- of Martinique (meaning,
doubtless'' the official dispatches), that
the disaster surpasses all that imagina
tion can conceive. . The whole north
ern portion of. the island is laid waste.
Three large communities, exclusive, of
St. Pierre, have been destroyed.. The
victims comprise two candidates for to
day's balloting for members, of : the
Chamber of Deputies." v : '
i A dispatch received here to-day from
Fort de France, Martinique, says: "All
the hills surrounding. Le Carbet and.Le
Precheur (near St. Pierre) are covered
with refugees, to the number of about
5000, who are being taken away gradu
ally. In the meanwhile provisions are
being conveyed to them. .
Of the thirty persons who were orig
inally rescued by the French - cruiser
Suchet, the majority were fearfully
burned and nine died while on their
way to the hospital.
"The corpses, which are heaped on
the ruins of St. Pierre, are not only
completely naked, but are frightfully
mutilated." . -^
CRUISER VISITS ST. PIERRE.
The Minister of Marine. M. de Lari
essan, to-day received a cable dispatch
from the commander of the French
cruiser Suchet, 'dated at Fort.de France.
Martinique, saying that he conducted a
search at St. Pierre yesterday. The
captain reports the town is now a mere
heap of smoking ruins, under which the
victims of {he catastrophe are buried.
'The Suchet was able to convey some
of the inhabitants of Le Prechemv.to
Fort de France, but could not reach the
northernmost part of the island, on ac
count of the dense rain of ashes; . •
The captain of the "Suchet further, re
ported that the Mont Pelee volcano still
had a threatening aspect yesterdav
evening. Subterranean roarings, were,
heard, flashes of flame frequently belch
ed from the volcano . and stones were
thrown cut -with immense force. ¦•¦;¦.' :{
A dispatch "received at the Colonial;
Office here to-day from Fort de France
says there is no doubt that Governor
Mbuttet and the commander of the
troops at St. Pierre, Colonel Dain. are
dead.
Other dispatches confirm the reports
that the .American and British Consuls
and their families perishecL ; 7 >.
M. Bloch, Inspector of Finance, *an<i
M. Laborthe, the Colonial Minister's*
secretary, who have. been dispatched by
the Government to Martinique, sailed
from Brest to-day on the French crui
ser D'Assas, which carries moneys pro
visions and other, stores for the . relief
of the Martinique sufferers.
The^ Government Candidates
Score Some Victories
in France.
Operators Agree Not to At
tempt to Open Any of .
the Mines.
Terrible Carnage During
Bombardment of
Carupano.
Countess Ingargolia and
CoL Barry Explain
Positions.
WAVE OF LAVA
FAST COVERING
ENTIREISLAND
Exciting Scenes During
the Balloting in
Marseilles.
Coal Train Crews and
Car Repairers Are
Laid Off.
PELEE GIVES i
WARiyiNQTHAT
IS UNHEEDED
The Standard in an editorial this morn
ing says: "It is only too clear that the
area affected is larger than known at
first. 'If Dominica and St. Lucia have
not suffered greatly there is . reason to
fear,, that their turn may corne, nor is it
Jiy any means certain that corresponding
? crmvulsions have not occurred or may not
soon follow , on the mainland -of ; Central
and South America. In the presence of
such forces man is helpless, and we can
only prepare to relieve the survivors as
-speedily as possible. The United States
has set us an honorable example." - .
counts . of the volcanic outbreaks in the
West Indies \ which have . reached London
leave only a • shadow of hope that the
later details will greatly minimize the. ex
tent of the catastrophe, and' the fear is
beginning to seize the British papers, that
even worse news may come. v. i 'r
MERCILESS
TROOPS FIRE
UPON WOMEN
THEY DO NOT
INTEND TO BE
CONTESTANTS
STRIKE EFFECTS
OTHER WORKMEN
SOUFRIERE STILL
BELCHING DEA TH
Continued From Page Three.
PISTOLS ENLIVEN
THEIR ELECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
alarm, especially " as dispatches
from the island of Dominica,; forwarded
Sunday, Reported that La Soufriere vol
cano in St. Vincent was still in active
eruption. Four small boats', loaded with
refugees from Grand Riviere, Martinique,
have arrived at ¦ Dominica in a pitiable
condition!; They . repprt that six ,- other
boats left that village at the same time.
It is not knpwn., what; became of them.
The very slight discrepancies in the ac-
LONDON, May 11.— The" latest reports
received here say, that the state of
affairs at St. .Vincent creates grave
4
RED STAR LINK.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
KenslngifcMay 28. noon] Friesland. June 11, noon
Zeeland. ..June 4, noon I South wrk. June lS.noorx
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.O.A.P.C..30 MontgonVy St.
AMERICA?! IJ2IK.:~AT, '
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON,
Phlladel.May 23, 10 am 3t. Louis. June 11. 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 am Phlladel.June 18. 10 am
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de' Vapores
To^ Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Dier'io, 12 m.'
2V A^S MALA "^ ay "(COLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA .....May 3l|TUCAPEL ../..July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
an^ 1 ?l 3 ??J Bep offtce - 316 California street. ¦
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
Many a San Francisco Citizen Finds
the Struggle Hard.
With a back constantly aching.
With distressing urinary disorders.
Daily existence is but a straggle.
Xo need to keep it up.
Doan's Kidney Pills will cure you. •
Ban Francisco people indorse this claim.
George Tauscher, stationary engineer, 16
Jackson street, says: 'From childhood, I
might say, I have had more or less kid-
ney complaint, but for the last fifteen
years It was more pronounced. My back
ached more painfully, and when I caught
cold the aching was greatly aggravated.
As might be expected when the kidneys
were not performing their functions prop-
erly, extra work was placed on other or-
gans of the body and my stomach gave
trouble. Going to the No Percentage
Drugstore, 849 Market street, for Doan's
Kidney Pills, I took a course of the treat-
ment. If it had not radically disposed of
the last attack I could not be Induced to
recommend the preparatlbn.-'
For sale by all dealers, price 50 cents.
Mailed by Fpster-Mllburn Co., Buffalo, N.
Y.. sole agents for the United States. "
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no other.
I HARD STRUGGLE
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
LJ. S. MAIL ROUTE.
'¦aBH^ "SAILINGS
\\ t NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrying
United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
. _ . As Follows:
from San Francisco
f. f . , DORA. . . ; TUESDAY. May 20
S. S. ST.- PAUL ; ». . . . j, .June 3
S. S. PORTLAND July i
. ! From Seattle.
5. S. OHIO .........JuneS
S. S. INDIANA ....... ............ r ;...;june 7
Connecting at • Nome with steamer Saldie
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff CItv
Golovin and St^ Michael, and connecting at St."
Michael. with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points
For freight and passage apply ta
... , NORTHERN .-COMMERCIAL CO
645 Market st., San Francisco
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO
Pyget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash. -
OCEAN
O. R. & N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Ltne From Portland to AH
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, as
LOVViiS'X 1 XV^VX*33SI.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3. 13. 23. June 2
SS. GEO; W. ELDER Sails May 8, 18, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st, 11 a. m.
D. W, HITCHCOCK, G«n.Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. Xo cargo received on board on day of
•ailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1903
ES. AMERICA MARU
, •••• Wednesday Jub» 4th. 19C3
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 25th. 1J*O2
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
treisht and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
TV. H. AVERT. General
«t«ms-=
....- Sunday, June 9. 10 a. m.
I. D. SPRECOLS k BROS. CO., General ink, 329 Martot
Gen'IFass. Office, 643 Market st, Pier so. 7. Pacific St.
S3. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
. land and Sydney. .Thurs., May 22 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu .-.
..Saturday. May 31, 2 p. m.
S3, AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
PANAMA B. R.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Tuesday, May 13
5- S.
S. S ;. ...;... .......
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 "llarkst st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
10 'Market st.. San Francisco.
C. D- DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Aarent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., G«n. Agents.
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR » P- M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M.. JUNE 7
And fortnljthtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CJTY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom*
folder, apply TICKET OFFICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
FOR— —
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
C. D. DUNANN, Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'ljjj. Steamers Ieav« Broadway
law-. Wharf. San Francisco:
WgaSai For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
. H®PC5!>*k. Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
i£fB^fc5?l ra- Ma y "• 1S - 21 - 26 - 31 -
' l&»K*Kra^r\q Ju " e 5 - Change to cora-
' E3KS2£?*':-£U pany's steair.'ra at Seattle.
/•"^EgSisastSl Tor Victoria. Vancouver.
*" Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
'¦% coma, Everett, Whatcom —
11 a. m.. May 11, 16, 21. 26, 31. Juno 5. Chanya
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
May 12, 17. 22. 27, June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port 'Los Angeles ana
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sau Pedro) Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Obispo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Huensme and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. June T.
Bonita 9 a. m.. May 10. 18, 28. June 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.)— >10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates : . .,,
TICX"PTT rt-RVJdJ — i New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
It's eas/ to dye with Diamond Dyes
Simple. Durable. Economical.
WHAT YOD DO, DO IT WELL.
This Is Important for Health
BQilding in May.
To get rid of rheumatism, neuralgia,
dyspepsia and nervous complaints it is
wisdom to use Paine's Celery Compound,
a medicine that proceeds at once to make
the appetite normal, sleep natural and re-
freshing, the nerves strong, as a founda-
tion for building up health and vigor.
If sick people in May look for a true
nerve strengthener, an honest blood 'puri-
fier, a reliable diuretic, that will restore
strength, renew vitality, regulate the kid-
neys, liver and bowels, they should at
once make use of Paine's Celery Com-
pound and note the speedy and pleasing
results that flow from its use.
"What you do, do it well," is the golden
rule of business life. This rule and far-
reaching command can be profitably ob-
served in many other conditions of life.
In sickness "and suffering It is all-impor-
tant that "what you do" to banish dis-
ease and restore lost health should be
well done. While prudence and common
sense will, in nearly evert instance, di-
rect you aright, the experience of your
friends and neighbors and the thousands
rescued from sickness and suffering will
point directly to Paine's Celery Compound
as the infallible health giver.
People who think they will get rid of
troubles such as rheumatism, neuralgia,
dyspepsia and nervous disorders by medi-
cines which have not yet passed the ex-
perimental stage will be sadly disappoint-
ed and find their sufferings increased.
Should Convince You of Its
Value.
Thousands of Cures Made
Paine's Celery
Compound
PAINE'S CEXER.Y COMPOUND.
OCEAN TRAVEL
. 9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun'
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. l«avt»
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fax* 3d
cents. Telephone . Main 1508. • Tending and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock.- HATCa
BROS.
FOR U, S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
COMPAQNIE 6ZKEHALE TBANSATLA5TIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .Ill'
Sailing every Thursday, instead of J*«W^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «*a»zSl
North Ktver.. foot. of. Morton- street, i
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
cla " to Havre,, f45 and upward. GENERAL,
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson buildins). New
York. J. F..FUGAZI.&, CO.. Paclflc Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets- sold by •. all Railroad Ticket AjenU.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
Bitious and,Nervoius Disorders
Sick Headache and Constipation.
on the Skin,' Disturbed Sleep, Frigfitfli L Dreamed aH ?Np;£? tlyen i s Sf Blotches
Sensations, etc. The First Dose will give £S3S J'tiSnty min?,J?%£- Tre ? b !ins
. Every sufferer is earnestly invited to trr a Box^f S Pilff " 3 1S * J? no fi # on -
acknowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL. ? - - ffiis, . and • they will .be
. : BEECHAM'S PILLS taken as directed, will quickly restore fpm»i H ' ,"
health,^ They promptly remove any obstruction^or irVefnl*ri£^f It 3 to com Plete
QUickly.ielp a WEAI^STOMACH. lAfPAIRED ? DIQEStYoX ffsO&ERl^LrVF^
. Prepared only by THOMAS BEECH AM St Helena ' En^ -«h *« * >v "* wc * cu LIVER.
¦.:.. ;,..>, Sold ever^« 1 H l^^THE SA1S T FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
TO ARRIVE.
MEMBERS OF CALIFORNIA
ASSEMBLY OF REBEKAHS
WHO WILL. BE ADVANCED.
TO SAIL.
¦WASHINGTON. May 11.— Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador, continues
quite ill here and his condition is giving
the family some concern. He is suffering
from asthma and stomach and other
troubles, and owing to his advanced age
his system falls to respond as readily to
treatment as was hoped would be the
case. '
Conditiion of the British Embassador
Is Giving His Family and
Physicians Concern.
LOED PAUNCEFOTE
.IS SERIOUSLY XLL
BEZIERS, France, May 11.— Barnum &
Bailey's circus was the cause of a serious
riot here this afternoon. The crowd seek
ing admission to the performance was
greater than the tent could accommodate
and those who were unable to enter be
gan stoning the circus employes, five of
whom were injured, one probably fatally.
The crowd cut the tent ropes and several
thousand persons forced their way to the
arena. The police were powerless and
troops were called out and finally restored
order. The circus had similar troubles at
Cette and Nadbonne. \
Out to Quell the Dis
turbance.
Police and Troops Are Finally Called
CIRCUS PERFORMANCE
CAUSES SERIOUS RIOT
Robert Palmer Sr.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 1L— Dr. P. C.
Palmer, one of Kansas City's best known
physicians, has fallen heir to a share in
the estate of a millionaire uncle who died
recently in California. The, name of the
deceased relative is Robert "Palmer. He
passed away at Havilah, north of Los
Angeles.
It was through a peculiar circumstance
that Dr. Palmer learned of his uncle's
death. A brother of the doctor, Albert
Palmer, died in Topeka, Kans., a week
ago. On the body of Albert was found a
letter signed by Robert Palmer Jr., a son
of the California magnate. This letter
was very brief. It announced the death
of Robert Palmer Sr. and said:
"Father has remembered all of the rel
atives in a substantial manner in his
will."
Dr. Palmer will go to California at once
to look after his interests.
as a Beneficiary in the Will of
PHYSICIAN FALLS HEIR
TO SHARE IN AN ESTATE
Kansas City' Practitioner Is Named
Upon the arrival of the police, who
were attracted . by the frenzied yells of
the murderer, Bressano .turned hla at
tention to his would-be captors. He wa3
not subdued until he was knocked sense
less. At police headquarters he . ac
knowledged the murder, and said he felt
better for having committed it. It is
believed that trouble over a woman led
him to kill Tornish.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Mav 11. — Law
rence Bressano, a fireman In the At
lantic Hotel, creot into the meatroom this
morning and sDllt the skull of Michael
Tornish, the chef, with a meat cleaver.
Hi £nen took a large butcher knife and
slashed the body. He afterward jumped
on it and danced from the head to the
feet.
cious Crime and Battles With
the Police. ;
Hotel Fireman Commits an Atro-
DANCES ON THE BODY
. OF A LIFELESS VICTIM
"WASHINGTON, May 11.— Senator Raw
lins, senior Democratic member of the
Senate Committee on the Philippines, to
day expressed the opinion that a vote
cculd be reached on the Philippine gov
ernment bill toward the end of the pres
ent week. Other members of the commit
tee think the date of the vote may be
postponed until some time next week, but
none of them place the vote later than
the 24th inst.— two weeks hence. They
say that whenever the debate is exhaust
ed they will agree to vote, but that they
object to naming a day for a vote until
they are quite certain that there Is noth
ing more to say pertinent to the subject.
The consideration of the bill this week
will be interspersed with consideration of
appropriations bills, Monday being set
apart for the fortifications bill and Tues
day for the agricultural bill. Neither of
these measures will consume a great deal
of time, and on each day it is expected
there will be time left for the considera
tion of the Philippine bill. Senator For
aker has given notice of a speech on the.
Philippine subject on Monday, and Sen
ator Stewart will speak Tuesday, both In
support of the pending bill.
Senator Spooner also probably will be
heard on the bill during the week. Among
the opponents of the bill still to be heard
are Senators Clay and Money. It is prob
able that considerable debate will grow
out of the speeches of Senators Foraker
and Spooner. Senator Lodge has given
notice that on Tuesday he will move to
met at 11 o'clock each day to facilitate
cpnsideratlon of the Philippine bill.
To-morrow is District of Columbia day
in the House. Special orders have been
made for the consideration of several WH3
to follow the disposition of District busi
ness. They include the bill to authorize
the issue of passports to residents of our
insular possessions; the Adams bill for
the reorganization of the consular service,
and a day for the consideration of war
claims. The conference report on the om
nibus claims bill will also be considered
this week. Such time as remains will be
devoted to the naval appropriation bill.
Lively. Debate Is Expected
Before the Action Is
Taken.
Philippine Bill Vote May
Not Occur for Two
Weeks.
SENATORS LOOK
FOR MORE DELAY
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — Th« higrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five, minutes 1-ter than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United Statea Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hlch j and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
MONDAY, MAT 12.
' ' A ear-load of Call Superior
Atlases baa arrived and they
are now . readr „ . for ¦¦ distribu
tion. AH : subscribers *to'\Tlie
Call are .entitled to a copy of
this srreat book at the preiu
lam:; rate '. of ?: $1 . BO. ,-. ; Oat ¦'of
town snb ncr lbcrn ' desiring; n
copy of ¦ tills splendid prem
ium will be supplied :< on '.re
ceipt of $1 ; 50. 'All -'mail
orders will be snipped by ex
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
i Insurance', tables, show -that In Germany
only one person in 10,000 reaches 'the • age
of 100. years.- -
Queen Victoria was " an ancestress of
eighty-six direct descendants, of, whom
seventy-three are still living.
land is: In Great Britain, 342; Japan, 300;
Italy, 276; Germany,' 270; Austria, 225;*
France, 187; i Hungary, 154; Spain, 92;
United States,'22;. Russia, 15. . /
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tidea
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. . except when there are but three tides, as
ccmetlmes' occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United Statea
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
t'.gn precedes the height, and then the number
jrlven la subtracted lrorn th« depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters. sffi9-%£M
BOSTON, May 11.— Miss Madelon Cauf
man of the "Railroad Jack" theater com
pany, which closed an engagement at the
Lynn Theater last- evening,; shot a man 1
who was ; peeping, through : the window of
her dressing room. 'She was dressing for
the last scene when she saw a man's face
pressed against- the. window glass. She
told him -to leave, and when he declined
to do' so Miss '; Cauf man took a revolver
from a. trunk and fired three shots at him.
The man uttered, a cry. of pain and dis
appeared.". There were spots of blood lead
ing from the rear of the theater. to Sum
mer street. . showing the way in which "he
escaped . after he had been shot.
Actress Shoots and. Wounds a Man
Who Was Peeping Into Her
• '• Dressing Room.
SHOWER OP BULLETS
GREETS "PEEPING- TO»T"
Independence No. 197 — Emma O'Connor.
Plfcsanton No. 198 — Pauline Kruse.
Silver Wave No. 199— Jessica Wilson.
Golden Rod, No. 200— Mattie Talbott.
Sanger No. 201 — Lena Poole.
El Modello No. 203— Flora A. Peet. 0?
Arbutus No. 204 — Laura Talbert.
Cornelia No. 205— Nellie Gibson and Sarah
Smith. , ¦
Clover Leaf No. 207 — Maude Tate.
Fall River No.' 209 — Ellen Klnyon.
San Luis Obispo No. 210 — Cordelia A. Mc-
Cabe and Katie Nichols.
Friendship No. 211 — Grace Plckford.
Woodwardia No. 212 — Clara J. Tunstall. .
Ysabel No. 213— Phoebe Brooks.
I Loyal. No. 215— Thursey Barrett, Eola M.
Cyrus, and Fannie' Daniels.
Natalia No. 216— Carrie Thrall.
Oriole No. 217 — Gussie M. Sheafor.
Gold Quartz No. 219— Nettle Jordan.
Valley Queen No. 220—
Olive No. 222— Nellie L. Densmore.
Ada No. 223— Marcella W. Black.
Rose No. 224^ — Ella D. Morgan.
Mission No. 225— Margaret Duncan, Mary
Hurst and Helen F. Larimer. '
Petaluma No. 226 — Estella Freeman and E.
T. Smith.
Fern No. 227— Mary O. Lelghton.
Mount Diablo No. 228— Jettie Jaquith.
Starlight No. 231— Lizzie Fraser.
Sacramento . No. 232 — Lavlnla M. Broughton
and Mamie' Davis. . . - .- •
Orinda No. 233 — Alice B. HInman.
Crescent No. 234 — Lavica Manchester.
- Covlna-No. 23(5 — Catherine Coolman.
Chrysolite No. 236 — Lovina Peterson.
Paloma No. 237 — Anna M. Howe and May
¦Utterback.
Jubilee No. 239— Minnie F. Dobbin, Ga
brielle Gress and Alice Hall. •
Mi la No. 240— Kate Boyd and May J. Cdt
trell. • .-.¦-.
Aurelia No. 241 — Alice M. Hays and Emma
L. Stewart. • -
Amlcita No. 242 — Bessie Bunny.
Phebe No. 243 — Clara Johnson, f ,
Keystone No. 244 — Mae Cobb.' ¦¦ ¦ .
Sierra No. 245 — Elizabeth Jefferda and Jes
sie Laughrey.
Aurora No. 246— Edna Johnson.
Tbrosa No. 247— Bell Buck and Marls John
ston. -, • .
Lagunlta No. 248 — Helen L. Clark.
: Woodland No. 249 — Louisa Mezgar and Ab
ble Murray. ¦ . . . .
. Palm No. 250 — Zella Sampson.
Idlewild No. 251— Susan E. Clelland. >
Davlsvllle No. 253— W. S. Wright.
Eola No. 256 — May Russell.
Carnation No. 257 — Edwin W. Smith.
Woodbridge No. 258 — Annie Vickerson.
• Big Oak No. 259 — Charles Perry Hall. ."
'* Berkeley No. 262— Blanch M. Whlteman.
Zephyr No. 263 — Elva R. Summerfleld.
¦ Florence Knight No. 264 — Abba A. Le Molne.
Silver Leaf No. 267— Jennie A. Glllespie.
Mystic Jewel No. 82 — May E. Wilson..
Arbor Vitae No. 83 — Gertrude Baldwin, Nora
Brown, Etta, Koll, Elizabeth Robinson.
/Orange Grove No. 84 — Millie Hlsgins. Mary
A. Graham, Martha Voorhees.
Reita No. 85 — Ella D. Prince.
Silver Spray No. 86 — Hollis K. Giberson,"
Nellie Peck. " '
Golden Sierra No. 87— Annie Johnson. .." .
Calaveras No. 88 — Amelia Schrag.
Live Oak No. 80 — Lou M. C. Locke. '
Oriental No. 00 — Harriet Beckley, Abble
Ewlng. Nellie Stlckney, Mattie Webb.
Bloomfleld No. 91— Kate Oliver.
Magnolia No. 04— Alice Atwood. . !
Gem of the Valley No. 95 — May Dobbins.
Rainbow No. 97 — Etta Stewart, Annie Veith, .
Susan Wakefield. •
Hydesvllle No. 98 — Lillie E. Feenaty.
Verdant No. 00 — Mattie Poppe.
Centennial No. 100 — Helen Campbell, ¦ Maggie
Thompson.
Social No. 101 — Phllinda Spencer.
Mlzpah No. 102— Ethel Staunn.
Cambria No. 103— Laura B. Warden.
Golden Link No. 105 — J. Elinor Kenning.
Delia No. 106 — Sarah Jehu. . ..
Alameda No. 107 — Mollie Barnes, . Nettie
Biers.
Sunset No. 109 — Myrtle E. PettingelL
Golden State No. 110— Jennie P. \ Purvis,
Martha M. Wood.,, ¦
Lady of the Lake No. Ill — Rosa Burgess.
Golden Star No. 112-*-Amella Petersen. ¦
Ferndale No. 115— Christine Nissen, Mary
Jane Spillers. _ . .
Harmony No. 116 — Elizabeth Sltton.
Azalea No. 117— Cordelia Halley, Alice Pul-
Enterprlse No. 118— Minnie Myrtle Woods.
Neva No., 110— Adelaide Denney, Melissa
Fuller, Mary Hoskins, Kate Kinkead, Elizabeth
Mocking. '¦ ' ¦ •"
Northern Star No. 120 — Sarah Conn. .
Pasadena No. 121 — Ida B. Compton. {
Empress No. 122 — E. A. Minor.
Danville No. 123 — Mary McGulre. '
Sequoia No. 124-^Rosa A. Agostlni. . -
Queen of the Lake No. 125— Louise Barnert.
Pleasant Grove No. 126— Margaret Kirk
patrlck.
Elwood No. 127— Maggie Dam and LlMo
Enochs. -
Eureka No.' 128— Martha E. Krieger and
Lizzie M. Ward. . ; : . . ';. ¦ . . .
Citrus No. 129 — Azalia Adams and Lizzie
.Laswell. ¦ ' .
Walhalla No. 130— Marie Hocking and Dora
von O»?ssen. . . .•...-¦
Martha Washington No. 131 — Cora F. Esty
and Lizzie Mason.
Rei No. 132 — Frances Bryant. ....
Oro Flno No. 134-^-Annie Hablshaw'.
" Mountain Queen No. 135 — Margaret Freutel.
. Elk Grove No. 136 — Stella Kennedy and
Ada Webb. . . - . : -/..,,
Anna No. 137 — Emma McAuUff.; ';¦, '.-,.-
Mount Shasta • No. 138—^Willie Fisher and
Eldaah Thierkoft.
Plymouth No. 66— Carrie Tiffany.
James L. Rldgely No. 66— Maggie Robblns,
Mallnda Shaeffer. " ' . '
Golden Rule No. C8 — Angeline Mclntosh.
Hesperian No. 70 — Elizabeth C. Cutter, Cas
sle Robertson. -
Mountain Rose No. 71 — Lizzie Grant.
- Oak Leaf No. 74 — Mary , G. Coulter, Fannie
L. Gamble, Llllls Le Baron, Mary Stump.
Cypress No. 75— Matilda Bergschicker, Annie
H. Howes. ¦ .
Col fax No. 77— Mary Sherwood.
Liberty No. 78 — Florence R. Keene.
Morning Star No. 79— Kate Calvin. .
Vacaville No. 80— Jennie Bethune.
Rohnerville No. 81— Mary Grear.
' Petrolia No. 59 — Jennie Hales.
Beulah No. CO— Grace Christopher, Christina
Taber. . ¦ ,.••¦-.. .
Novara No. 61 — Mary Latour.
Paradise No. 62 — Hattie McCabe. Lydla Tay
lor. Lillie Tuttle. Lois Wyckoff.
- Excelsior No. 63 — Martha E. Smith, Annie
Trealease. ' . . .
Eastern Star No. 56 — Maggie rffamlette.
Ocean Queen No. 58— Edith Christ, Peter
Pearce. . .
Movements of Steamers.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— United States
Embassador von Meyer at Rome cabled
the State Department to-day to the ef
fect that Consul Pearson has informed
him of the arrest of Clara Taylor, the
woman charged with the abduction of her
niece, Margaret Taylor, and of her lodg
ment In jail at San Remo.
Kaiutschou, from Hamburg, Southampton and
Cherbourg.
QUEl^NSTOWN — Sailed May 11 — Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
Clara Taylor in Italian Jail.
BALTIMORE, May 11.— MOre ' than 900
paintings and objects of art were, bought
in Rome by Henry Walters, owner of the
famous art collection here, during a re
cent trip abroad, and will be sent. to; this
city In June. .The collection is especially
valuable in early Italian paintings. It
has been gathered piecemeal for many
years by the Rev. Marcello ' Massarehti,
a priest, who has an apartment in the
Vatican. -Walters paid $1,000,000 for Uhe
collection, which includes two marble sar
cophagi of ancient Rome, found a few
years ago during the excavations in . Via
Salena. .' ' ; . ,
Dollars for Canvases Owned
by Italian Clergyman. ,
Henry Walters Pays One Million
PURCHASES COLLECTION
OF VALUABLE PAINTINGS
.. #'
THE next session of the California
Assembly of the Rebekah branch
of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows will open to-morrow
morning in Memorial Hall, Odd
Fellows' building. It will be made up of
representatives from all parts of the State.
The reports to be presented will show a
remarkable increase for the year and the
' best in many years. It will also be shown
that fifteen new lodges have been insti
tuted during that period and that there,
has been a very perceptible gain in
finance.
Mrs. Ada Madison of San Diego will. be
advanced from vice president to presi
dent, to succeed Mrs. Nellie Michell, and
Mrs. Alma Isabel Jensen of this city, who
for the last, year has been warden, will
be advanced to the position of vice presi
dent. The contest will be for the office of
warden.
The following are the officers of the As
sembly:
Nellie Michell, president; Ada Madison, vice
president; Alma I. Jensen, warden; Mary E.
Donoho, secretary; Anna M. Liese, treasurer;
Dora L. Gardner, marshal; Jessie w. Fargo,
conductor; Jennie Katzenstein, chaplain; Helen
Traves, Inside guardian; Jennie Rasmussen,
outside guardian.
The delegates to the Assembly are:
California Rebekah Lodge No. 1 — Sadie J.
Kahn, Annie W. Lewis.
Naomi No. 2 — Jennie T. McGovern, Mary L..
Morrill. ,
Millville No. 3— Irene Reineke.
Fair Oaks No. 4— Marie P. Chrlstensen, Mat
*Deborah No.' 7— Hattie E. Jones, Elvira R.
P °Rfsing Star No. 8— Carrie Aiken, Lizzie
Dolan. Vesta Mannlx, Pauline Napier, Anna
Esther No. 9 — Laura Freeman, Annie George,
Emma Trathen, Sarah Williams. •
White Rose No. 10— Annie >M.Dygert.
Absit Invldla No. 11— Belle Gartner, Maude
No. 12— Georgia Gallett, Jennie
Gronberg, Albertina Salback.
Elmwood No. 12— Ida Schneider.
Josephine No. 14 — Helen G. Adams, Damaris
Shnmplin, Luella Smith, Cora S. Vale.
Myrtle No. 16— May Chappell, Roslna M.
Hetzburn. Nellie Sanford. ™. „ „,/
Oakland No. 16— Grace Elaine McPhail. Etta
Myers, Emma E. Shaw.
Isabella No. 17— Annie Bradley, Jessie W.
Fargo. Susie J. Harris, Annie Piper, ¦ Etha
Rostron.' Jessie Vrooman.
Cherokee No. 18 — Jennie -Davies. .
Templar No. 19 — Geneva Ashworth, Dora
Baker, Lizzie Berry, Winifred Dowle, Maggie
Florin No. 20 — Hattie Smith, Albertina
Straight.
Evergreen No. 21 — Mary C. Miller.
Stvlla No. 22 — Delia R. Blakeslee, Lizzie L.
Coombs, Marian C. Hill, Irma Rikert, Lue
Tripp.
Ivy No. 23 — Hilda Fine. Minnie E. Newman.
Unity No. 24 — L. Ellis ) Forsythe, Nettie
Whitehurst
Juliet No. 25 — Gertrude Holabird.
Hayward No. 20 — Clara B. Brunner.
¦Plumas No. 27 — Martha L. Zuschlag.
Fidelity No. 29 — Lillian Agnew. Nannie Fox,
Alta Orr, Mary Sherman.
Leona No. 30 — Lelia Beach, Ethel Jordan.
Germania No. 31 — Georgiana Schadt Riley,
Helena Schornbachler.
Golden West No. 32 — Kate -Randolph.
Hope No. 33— L. H. Dewey, Mary , V.
Freshour.
Clara No. 34 — Jeannette Barlow, Eda Lovell,
Gussie Starr.
Evening ; Star No. 35 — Eleanor C. Dannen
brink.
Oieta No. 36 — Henrietta Neflf.
Helena No. 37 — Adah J. Anderson, Ida M.
Finch. Agnes Belle Hall. Carrie Klngsley.
Triple Link No. 38— Mary C. Norris.
Western Star No. 39— Carrie O. Massey.-
Ora No. 40 — Lena Marsac, Minnie Patton.
Lebanon No. 41 — Tenla Brueck, Ella Horn
age. Lena Lambert, Sarah Roblin, Mary F.
Thorndlke. • .. •
Violet No. 42 — Emma/Lacey, Anna Wyatt.
Clear Lake No. 43-=-Emma Kesey.
Sebastopol No. 44 — Kate E. Barnes.
Crystal No. 46 — May Davisson, M. E. Mc-
Cloud.
Kern No. 47— Sophie \ E. Batz, Ada L. Cros
land. ' •
Olive Branch No. 48 — Sarah A. Wentworth.
Hermenia No. 49 — Anna J. Carlson.
Jackson No. E0 — Anna L. Clark. Annie May.
Kings River No. 51 — Emma Monf ort. ..
Ruby No. 52 — Ida E. Davis, Annie L. Hunt.
Fowler No. 54 — Lena M. Rose.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Asto
ria, irom Glasgow and Moville; stmr Kama
rania. from Nai>!*s; stmr Lljruria. from Na-
I'.os, <>nca anc: Fayai; stmr Xoordam, from
Rotterdam and Boulogne Sur Mer.
jjailed May 11 — Stmr Mlnnehaha, for Lon
don.
HOLYHEAD— Passed May II— Stmr Phila
delphia, fret- Boston, for Liverpool..
PRAWLE POINT— Passed May 11— Stmr
Kensington, from Antwerp, for New York.
LIVERPOOI — Arrived May 11— Stmr No
madic, from New York: etrar Umbria. from
New York, via Queenetown; etmr Mercon,
from Boston, via Queenstown (latter not pre
viously,).
GIBRALTAR— Arrived May 11— Stmr Kal
«erin Maria Theresa, from New York, for Na
ples and Genoa, and proceeded.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 11— Stmr Lauren
ti£n. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 11— Stmr Kal
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA— Arrived May . 11— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skag-way.
LADYSMITH— Arrived May 11— Br •tmr
Victoria, hence May 7.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 11— Schr
Carrier Dove and Nor «hip Antiq.ua, from
Callao.
Passed in May 11 — Schr Soquel, from San
Pedro, for Port Blakeley.
Sailed May 11 — Ehic Roanoke. for New York.
NEAH BAY — Passed in May 11 — Schr Oli
ver J. Olsen, from Callao. for Puget Sound;
brig W. G. Irwin, hence April 30, for Roche
Uarbci.
Passed out May 11 — Schr Forester, from
Denman Island, for Santa Rosalia: EhlD Roa
noke. from Seattle, for New York.
BANDON— Sailed May 10— Schr Gem. for
San Pedro.
Arrived May 11 — Schr Coquelle. from San
I'edro.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 11— Ship
Cnarrafcr, for Comox.
In bay May 11 — Br ship Sokoto.
COOS BAY — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Arcata
i enc- May ».
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 11 — Schr En
deavor, from Tacoma.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Ful
ton hence May 10.
/ ASTORIA— Sailed May 11— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 11— Bark
Palmyra, from Iquique.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 11— Schr
Defiance, hence May 4.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 11— Schr Webfoot,
hence May 4.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 11— Bark
Palmyra, from Iquique.
TACOMA — Arrived May 11 — Stmr Mack
inaw, from San Francisco; Bchr W. K. Jew
eit. from San Pedro.
Sailed May 11 — Bktn Portland, for San
Francisco; stmr Brooklyn, for Portlani and
Son Francivo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT, May II.— The tug Astoria ar
rived last evening after making- an unsuccess
ful attempt to Dull the. Br bark Baroda off.
The Baroda went ashore en Auk 29, 1901, nine
miles south of Coquille River.
MISCELLANEOUS.
POINT LOBOS, May 11 — 10 p. m. — Weather
hazy, wind west; velocity, 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Sunday. Hay 1L
Stmr Geo. Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Sur.r Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Chehaiis. Thompson, San Pedro.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen. Eureka.
Simr Citv of Puebla, Je:>son, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Etmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen. San Pedro.
Stmr South Coast, Jamieson, .
Bktri Irmtard, Schmidt. Honolulu.
Schr Glen, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern. Ventura, in
tuw of tug Rescue.
Stmr Chehails, Thompson, 61 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound to San Pedro. Put In to
land c en2crs.
Stmr Giuty, Leland, 20 hours from Mosa
Lar.discr-
Stmr National City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort PrasC
Stmr Huth. Erickson, 55 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. 25 hours from
Eureka, bound south. Put in to land pas
ser.^ers.
btrar Aberdeen, Higgms, 43 hours from San
PeUro.
Stmr Pleiades, Furrington, 3*4 daya from
Ladyfmit-h. ' *•- '
Strr.r Whitesboro, Olsen. 14 hours from
Greenwood.
Scfcr Lizz'e Vance. Olsen. 11 days from Co
lumbia River.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Sunday, May 11.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 40 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Del Norte, Green. 34 hours from Cres
cent Cftar.
Shipping Intelligence.
A.RRIVEI
The steam schooner Ruth arrived from San
Pedro with a good passenger list yesterday
afternoon. After coailr.g she was boarded by
other passengers, including five sailors for the
barkentine Joseph L. Eviston, now loading
lumber at Eureka. The Eviston sailed from
this port a few days ago for Eureka to load
lumber for Australia and while at that port
five of her crew deserted. The Ruth departed
during the evening. •
Schooner Ruth Arrives.
Crowds Visit the "Wisconsin.
Large crowds visited the United States bat
tleship Wisconsin yesterday afternoon and the
owners of launches and light shipping reaped
gulden rewards in consequence. The magnifi
cent warship was in gala, dress for the recep
tion of visitors and the Jackies exerted them
selves to the utmost to render the visit of the
San Franciscans enjoyable. It Is estimated
that 3000 people visited the battleship during
the afternoon.
BERLIN, May 11.— The Incidents in
Wall street absorbed the entire attention
of the -market here during the past week,
and the German boerses were chiefly un
der the influence, of New York. "While
the domestic boerses had a week of light
transactions values were generally firmer.
The securities of foreign governments
were firmer, but Chinese weakened upon
reports of Increasing disorders in China.
LONDON. May 1L— There was little
business on the Stock Exchange during
the last week, yet prices were well main
tained and the trade was cheerful. There
is talk of the certainty of peace in South
Africa and its favorable effect upon
prices. In the meantime, however, prices
were stationary, and there have been no
transactions of importance to report.
Americans were weak and uncertain as
a result of apprehension concerning the
strikes and in spite of a favorable crop
and traffic report. Mines were stagnant.
Uncertain Owing to the Possi
bility of a Strike.
American Securities Are "Weak and
I0REIGN STOCK MARKETS
SHOW LIGHT TRANSACTIONS
The MarshSeld left the Howard-street wharf
at 10 o'clock and returned at 3 p. m. The
schooner is provided with an oil-burning ap
pliance and is the only vessel of her class on
the bay so equipped.
The new steam schooner Marehfleld made her
trial voyage yesterday, with results satisfac
tory to her owners and builders. The vessel
was built for the C. A. Hooper Lumber Com
pany and will be used In the lumber carrying
trade. A large party of invited guests enjoyed
the trip outside the heads and up and down
the bay.
Makes Her Maiden Voyage.
McCune is a former partner of Marcus
Daly, and is largely interested in mines
ir. Utah and Montana, besides owning
heavily in the Cerro de Pasco copper and
silver mines in Vzvn and having large
interests of other kinds. Green is a
youthful mining stock broker.
A telegram has been received from New
York saying that Miss McCune, despite
her father's threats of disinheritance,
was married' there Friday to Philip Er
nest Green of Salt Lake, and that the
bridal pair were preparing to take a
European trip.
Twice they had been foiled in their at
tempts to wed. Once an elder brother
interfered and took the prospective bride
oft the train. Another time the father
sent his daughter off to Peru, where he
is engaged In developing the famous
Cerro de Pasco mines with J. B. Hag
gin of New York and other capitalists.
It was upon her return from Peru that
Miss Mccune was met by her sweetheart,
and the wedding resulted, i
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, May 11.—
Miss Jacketta McCure, the young daugh
ter of A. W. McCune. a millionaire min
ing man of Salt Lake, was given the
choice of a fortune or the man she loved,
Cupid won. . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Baroda was bound from Callao to
Portland, and was in ballast when she
struck the sandy shore in a heavy gale.
Since that time, nearly two years ago,
crews of men have been engaged in ef
forts to release her, but to no avail. Tfie
Baroda is a fine ship, and her owners
cpent much money in their endeavor to
save her. The failure of the Astoria
to. release her will doubtless be the last
attempt, so that the vessel will now be
left to her fate.
Telegraphic advices received at the
Merchants' Exchange yesterday givo the
information that an unsuccessful attempt
was made Saturday night by the tug As
toria to pull off the British bark Baroda,
which went ashore nine miles south of
the Cocuille River on August 29, 3901.
Every effort was made to release the
vessel from the bed of sand into which
the bow \ras piunged, but she could not
be budged, and she was finally aban
doned to her fate.
Lompoc No. 139 — Mary Miller. / .
Sycamore No. . 140 — Lucinda Faust and Jus
tine Whitney. - -.¦-. ...-..•-, ¦ .
Silver Gate No. 141— Ruth Allyn, Fannie
Hunt and Evie O. Thompson.
Alvarado No. 142 — Margaret Wales.
Emery No. 143 — Mary Kamsey.
Arroyo Grande No. 144 — Maude M. Whlteley.
Philoteslan No. 145— Ellen E. Smith.
- Forest No. , 147 — Sarah C. Marvin and Abble
Stewart.
Juanita No. 149 — Rosa L. Tabler.
Carmel No. 150 — Annie Parry.
Monrovia No. 151 — Nellie Sandefur.
Concordia No. 152 — Elise Chrlstmann.
Konockti No. 153— Grace Keithly.
' Llvermore No. 154 — Emma B. Coffman.
Sunshine No. 155 — Alice Boggs.
Ramona No. 156 — Nettie Schneider.
Diamond No. 157 — Sue E. King.
Fresno No. 158— Flora Ford and Helen
Traves. •> ' -
Madera No. 159 — Mamie Clark.
Capital City No. 160 — Frieda Harblnson.
Kittle 'Kestler and Lizzie Wulff.
Amity No. 161 — Ida M. Allen. Hattle Hud
son, Laura Lowrie, Mary E. Macphee and
Leila M. Zeigler. - ¦ . j
Flora No. 102— Alta Anderson and Jeanette
Jefferson. -
Willows No. 163 — Anna Blelar and Lulu
Burgi. • ¦ :•
Fedora No. 166 — Ida Marvin.
Russian River No. 167— Hattle Lloyd.
Woodbine No. 168 — Julia Syme.
Sodality No. 170 — Mary E. Meredith.
Durban No. 171 — Carrie P. Parker. ,
Una No. 172— Delia Hardesty and Ella
Pealer.
Samaria No. 173 — Claire Ludwig.
Volcano No. 174 — Minnie H. Goodman.
Mystery No. 175 — Mary M. Rihn. •
Far -West No. 176 — Marl C. Sarowski.
May Queen No. 177 — Emma A. Holbrook.
Chrysanthemum No. 178 — Mary Lohman.
' Alma No. 180 — Hannah Flshman.
Pearl No. 181— Mollle Bohler.
Heliotrope No. 183 — Abbie C. Avis and Nora
Hlnrnan. ¦ -
Flower City No. 184 — Pluma L. Bates.
Sapphire No. 185 — Eva Frances and . Addle
Garland.
Blue Mountain No. 1S7 — Lizzie Nixon.
Acme No. 18U — M. E. Armstrong. .
Janesvllle No. 190— Annie Sharp Agree.
Orland No. 191 — Delia Keager and Nettle
Scrlbner. \
. Aqua Pura No. 193 — Mamie Clark and Helen
Robertson. .
Columbia No. 194 — Florence Henry, Emma
Herzoe and Elnora Tilden.
Salt Lake Girl the Bride of
a Youthful 'Stock
Brcken
Schooner Marshfield Makes
Maiden Voyage With
SUCC3SS.
Millionaire's Daughter
Weds Despite All "
Protests.
Tug Astoria Tries to
Full Her Off Bar,
but Fails.
BARK BARODA
IS ABANDONED
CUPID LAUGHS
AT THE THREAT
Session in Which Prominent Women From All Rarts of Are to
Participate Is to Be Commenced To-Morrow in Odd Fellows' Building.
Officers' Reports Expected to Show Great Increase in Membership
DELEGATES FROM REBEKAH LODGES
ASSEMBLE TO BEGIN DELIBERATION
5
Steamer. | • For. I Sails.
For.
I Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrlgo Skajjway & Way Ports. May 12
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. May 14
Cottage City. Skarway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa. Ana ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 16
City Topeka . fikagway &. Way Ports. May 20
Exep.lnlor.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May 25
J. S. Klmball Nome direct May 25
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
" May 12. ' ..
Rival Wllhpa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pltr 2
Pcmona. ... Hurnboldt l:3upPier a
May 13.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Prentlss Humholdt 9 am Pier. 18
S. Barbara. I Seattle direct 12 m Pier 2
Argo iEel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Leclanaw. . a. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2 1
31 ay 14.
Wt-etport.. Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka HuanboMt 9 am Pier li
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 15.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Kan Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
May 1O.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. |
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mjPier'lO
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul Pier 20
May IK.
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance... Portland & Way Pier —
. May 10.
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
May 20.
Dora Nome & St. Michael Pier —
J. Klmball . I Nome via Seattle Pier
May 21.
UmatlIla...'PuKet Sound Ports. 11 arnJPier 9
Destination.
Steamer, i ' ' From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
; ;
G.C.Llndauer I Grays Harbor IMay 12
Coos Hay San Pedro &. Way Ports. IMay 12
J. S. Ktmball 'Seattle & Tacoma |May 12
Prentiss ]San Pedro ! May 12
Argc |Eel River Ports |May 12
Arctic Humboldt IMay 12
Euieka Humboldt |May 12
Queen fuget Sound Ports (May 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports.|M*y 12
Crescent City Crescent City JMay 12
S. Barbara.. San Pedro |May 12
St. Paul Oyster Harbor |May 13
Guatemala... (Valparaiso & .Way PortslMay 13
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... | May 13
Serapls I Hamburg & Way Ports. | May 13
Arc* la ! Coos Bay & Port OrfordiMay 14
Meteor 'Oyster Harbcr IMay 14
Pomona tHumboIdt May 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria iMay 15
Rainier Whatcom .....IMay 15
Bontta Newport Jfc Way Ports. May 15
Coptic, China & Japan I May 1<
Umatilla Pi-get Sound Ports IMay IV
North Fork.. Humboldt '. ...|Mayl9
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. IMay 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 20
QtyPuebla.. Pugct Sound Ports | May 22
Sun rises. .' '....... .5 :02
Sun set*.. ..7:10
Moon eetB : 11:49 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• • H W. L W ' H W L W
12 2:10 5.1 9:10—0.3 4:29 4.9 9:34 3.1
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 C.I 10:65 2.9
14 4:34 4.4 11:08 0.6 6:13 C.2
L W ¦' H W L W H W
15 0:00 2.5 6:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:04 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:00 1.5 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.618:32 5.7
18 I 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 6.6
19 | 3s:w 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:10 2.4| 9:49| 5.fl
Steamer. | • For. I Sails.
For.
I Sails.
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrlgo Skajjway & Way Ports. May 12
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. May 14
Cottage City. Skarway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa. Ana ... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 16
City Topeka . fikagway &. Way Ports. May 20
Exep.lnlor.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May 25
J. S. Klmball Nome direct May 25
Sun rises. .' '....... .5 :02
Sun set*.. ..7:10
Moon eetB : 11:49 p. m.
O Time Time Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• • H W. L W ' H W L W
12 2:10 5.1 9:10—0.3 4:29 4.9 9:34 3.1
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 C.I 10:65 2.9
14 4:34 4.4 11:08 0.6 6:13 C.2
L W ¦' H W L W H W
15 0:00 2.5 6:55 4.3 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:04 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:00 1.5 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.618:32 5.7
18 I 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 6.6
19 | 3s:w 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:10 2.4| 9:49| 5.fl
Steamer, j Destination. Sails. Pier.
" May 12. ' ..
Rival Wllhpa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pltr 2
Pcmona. ... Hurnboldt l:3upPier a
May 13.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Prentlss Humholdt 9 am Pier. 18
S. Barbara. I Seattle direct 12 m Pier 2
Argo iEel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Leclanaw. . a. T. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2 1
31 ay 14.
Wt-etport.. Bear Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka HuanboMt 9 am Pier li
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
May 15.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd|12 m Pier 13
State Cal.. Kan Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
May 1O.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17. |
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mjPier'lO
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul Pier 20
May IK.
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance... Portland & Way Pier —
. May 10.
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
May 20.
Dora Nome & St. Michael Pier —
J. Klmball . I Nome via Seattle Pier
May 21.
UmatlIla...'PuKet Sound Ports. 11 arnJPier 9
Destination.
Steamer, i ' ' From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
; ;
G.C.Llndauer I Grays Harbor IMay 12
Coos Hay San Pedro &. Way Ports. IMay 12
J. S. Ktmball 'Seattle & Tacoma |May 12
Prentiss ]San Pedro ! May 12
Argc |Eel River Ports |May 12
Arctic Humboldt IMay 12
Euieka Humboldt |May 12
Queen fuget Sound Ports (May 12
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports.|M*y 12
Crescent City Crescent City JMay 12
S. Barbara.. San Pedro |May 12
St. Paul Oyster Harbor |May 13
Guatemala... (Valparaiso & .Way PortslMay 13
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... | May 13
Serapls I Hamburg & Way Ports. | May 13
Arc* la ! Coos Bay & Port OrfordiMay 14
Meteor 'Oyster Harbcr IMay 14
Pomona tHumboIdt May 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena. . Point Arena May 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria iMay 15
Rainier Whatcom .....IMay 15
Bontta Newport Jfc Way Ports. May 15
Coptic, China & Japan I May 1<
Umatilla Pi-get Sound Ports IMay IV
North Fork.. Humboldt '. ...|Mayl9
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. IMay 19
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 20
QtyPuebla.. Pugct Sound Ports | May 22
TELEPHONE
222-224 SUTTER ST.
25% REDUCTION
LAST SPECIAL SALE OF
House Furnishing Goods
and Kitchen Utensils.
FOR THIS ENTIRE WEEK.
STOCK MUST BE REDUCED be-
fore the consolidation with Goldberg,
Bowen & Co. can be consummated.
This Is one of the greatest opportuni-
ties ever offered, considering that all
our goods are of the highest grade,
latest designs— not shop worn— and in-
clude entire lines of
Genuine Agate Door Mats
"White and blue Baskets
Enamel. Tin Brushes- clothes,
"Wooden, Nickel hair and tooth,
and Hardware Brooms
Carving Sets "Whisk Brooms
Cutlery Clothes Wringers
Chamois Skins Oil Cloth
Sponges Pails
And thousands of other useful arti-
cles. On Refrigerators and Freezers
the discount Is 10 per cent only.
No goods of this sale will be ex-
changed, taken back or sent on appro-
bation.
GROCERY SPECIALS.
EGGS, Finest Table, doz. 20c
Reg 23c
COFFEE, Kona, 2 lbs. 35c
Delicious aroma. Reg. 23c lb.
From Sandwich Islands. Last time
at this low figure.
FLAVORING HTRACTS, Vanilla,
Lemon or Almond,
Our best quality.
Reg. 50c 5-oz. bottle now 35c
Reg. 25c 2-oz. bottle now SiOc
VINEGAR CIDER, re?. 35c gal. 25c
"White wine. Res. 50c gal 3Sc
TAMALES, IX L can 18c
Boneless chicken. Reg. 12^c.
Extra boneless chicken. Rg. 20cl5c
CHICKEN LIVER PATE, I X L, A 25c
Reg. 25c tin. Equal to Imported.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCITEI>
AT_THESE PRICES.
JfyC>3*2&^&LM "msdy, for Gonorrhcf*,
%^^?>itBCe^ral &??*• 8 P«»n»»torrhoea,
JSSgar CURES ya Whites. unn»tar»l dut
£%8t '>l u * dari. charges, or any infl&mmi.-
trQrf Ouuutnt w * tion. Irritation or ulcera-
9- -f rTmnt fn. *l os °" Bineoas mem-
te\THEEy,'.M3 Ch^ICAlCO. SoTd b^ D^rS'*
«?*«V riHr>u«iTt n BSC3S Sold D T *»ms^rlit»,
W&L v L± Wri T sent ia plaln w^^ r «
2&dJ^k «• * A. JSja by exprew, prepaid, for
fv°°-, or 3 l>o " lei1 ' i -
> fl Circular tent on request.
a visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
¥ £V 1051 MA22i: S?- **¦ 6&*7&, S.F. (X ,
\ iSf e L»rteit Anatomical Museum In tke
§ «?8fe5v ™ OTUL W=>kne««s or any contracted ,
t ffiSiS« *»e«e *mmiU**t-j carol b> tke aldest '
• ISSl SpedalutoatheCoait E.t. £ yea« (
4 l^^i DR * JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN <
\ f €S?^S Consaludoa free tod itiietly prirate.
V I H Tr »» tI0ent penonalljr or by letter. A ]
\ S W n H f—tttn* Cwr* in erery case undertaken. '
aril |l £f> Write for Book. rHILOSOrnV of ,
T fl II* ¦*I«"1A«« > HAIUO FJtXS. ( a(
> Q, li- "luable book for men)
f OB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St. 8. P. 4
®VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of th»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the*
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lama Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, » j-^ Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner f"^ II vous Twitching oC
Eyelids, Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *•¦"•¦ ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; tt for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis st..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO. 3J
and 40 Third st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[1 _?PATEjS3TSf "j
MARKET ST.S.F
UTEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Uellin'a Food Company, Boston, Mass.
and good fresh
milk make a com-
bihation that is
like mother's milk.
Send for a free sample ofMelltfs Food.
cip Sm^amX^
\A/. X. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC AND ATTOBHIT-AT-LAW. '
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Main 983.
P.esidence, 821 California st. below PowelU
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J« CWILSOX & CO-. Telephone* Mala 18*4.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IW PftVfcS * Tft Shipping Butchers> 1O«
JA> DUIEi tt WU day. Ttt Mala 129*.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELU3L
' 418 Front st.. S. F. Pbone Mala 1"1».
PRINT INa
£• C- HUGHES. fill Sansom* «.. 3. B>.
i PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. QB9
. 83 . First street, flan Tnact»c».
WeeHy Gal, $1.00 w Year
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO years aa a
Pain Remedy. It instantly, relieves and quickly
cures . all Colds. Sore Throats, - Influenza, Dron-
cbltls. Pneumonia, " Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache, ; Toothache and air pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All druggist*.
¦9 , jBS - 11^3 ral f%, ' fj^f %#H £^
Most hair preparations are merely scalp
irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When
hair is brittle. lusterle«s and begins to
fall out. the dandruff germ is getting in
ltf? deadly work at the root, sapping the
vitality. Since science discovered that
dandruff is a germ disease there has been
only one preparation put on the market
that will actually destroy the dandruff
germ, and that is Newrbro's Herpicide. It
allays itching Instantly, destroys the
germ, and the falling hair stops, and hair
rrows luxuriantly. Ask your druggist for
Herpicide. It allays Itching Instantly;
makes hair grow
Scalp Irritants, of No Value.
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
2IISCALLED "HAIR TONICS."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
.<gljj|S% CONTRACTED
§Mf \ DISORDERS
y&3z3 /*^P"ni, Cause oi
K5§| *?f "WEAKNESS"
*^? m. SflWlI Fully one- fourth
X'^Sifi^aSf'Slar "weakness" are a
1 direct result of ne-
PV^ gl«cted or lmprop-
i v 3kJB«W£ erly treated con-
y \ I I V tracted disorders.
r /V I J\ 1 The inflammation
/ V^». L*-M \ I sraudally works
/ p»o'""*SPf \ I backward and cen-
# I \ / ters In the prostate
\ VBL / eland, bringing
• •*• functional derange-
O. C. JOSLEN. M. D., ment. I cure con-
The Leading Specialist, tracted disorders by
I ' original and ad-
vanced methods. My cures are thorough
and permanent, and are accomplished in
but a fraction of the time other treatment
requires.
"LIVE ALX. TOUR TEARS A MAN." a
pamphlet that every man should read.
Bent free UDon request. Consultation free
at office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1049 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernia Bank.SACRAMENTO NEWS (IND.):
» !J *£ ? e ap P ar l nt tha * Mayor Schmitz Is
a candidate for the Republican nomination
for Governor. The Mayor says that he Is not
a. candidate but adds the coy reflection that
in his opinion no citizen has the right to re
fuse public employment when his fellow citi
zens call him. Incidentally Abe Ruef his
personal friend and legal counselor Is prepar
ing to put up a fight at the primary in
Schmitz's interest, although his work is thin
ly disguised as a movement against bossism
Mr. Schmitz can do more for labor as Mayor
of San Francisco than he could as Governor
b^*- ,- of ,_ cour8e . n « ha a the right to aspire to
the higher honor if he wants- to and it may
ba observed, he would be triumphantly elected.
CaL" glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsead'a*
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. X nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The toothbrush plant grows In Jamaica.
By cutting a piece of the stem and fray
ing the ends, the natives make a tooth
brush, and a dentriflce to use with It ia
produced by drying and pulverizing the
dead stems. .
ft Going to Thunder Mountain P?
Tha Northern Pacific Railway la th« best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlatoa
and Stiles. Idaho, there are good wagon road*
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
tfce trails Into tbls district are most accessible.
For rates, etc. address T. K. 6TATEU5B.
G. A.. WT Market St. S. F.- * "
Quality makes price. Were Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts tta prlc»
would be the same. Once tried always used.
The supporters of Governor Henry T, Gage
for renomination lay great stress on the popu
larity of their candidate and his consequent
strength with the voters — with the "rank and
tile" as they put It. This popularity is
based, according - to the rather few journals
who are supporting the Governor, chiefly upon
the economy of his term, and secondly upon
his "fearlessness." That their confidence, or
alleged c6nfldence, is very seriously misplaced
there isn't much reason to doubt. Economy,
while always praiseworthy in all men, par
ticularly those in public office, has many sides
when applied by an executive - officer. "In
whose Interests was economy exercised?" for
instance might be an awkward one to answer.
Governor Gage's administration has been
economical, it is truer but not to the detriment
of himself or his friends, which is equally true.
And where a man has as much opposition in
his own party as has developed against. Gov
ernor Gage, such matters are pretty sure to
be sifted .thoroughly. "Fearlessness," . while
perhaps an admirable trait in any man, . is
liable to be applied along entirely wrong lines.
For instance. Governor Gage demonstrated his
"fearlessness" by supporting Dan Burns for
Senator, but who can say his attitude was not
a most serious and hopeless blunder? Can the
virtue of economy overcome the effects of such
exhibitions of "fearlessness?"
•The Herald has no desire to unduly criticize
Governor Gage. This paper supported him
loyally four years ago, and wpuld be pleased
to do . so again under similar" circumstances.
The conditions now. -however, are altogether
different. Instead of a united party back of
him,. Governor Gage would this time be sup
ported by a split and unenthusiastic one. In
stead ' of ' the independent candidate - of four
years ago, which ¦ was ¦ his greatest claim for
popularity, he would be recognized as the can
didate of the railroad and the Burns machine.
Instead of being the -candidate of a party de
termined to oust their opponents from office,
he would ' lead a party disheartened , by the
misfortunes of his-: own administration. -Can
the Gage supporters see any difference in these
conditions?" Can they understand how Penn
sylvania, .with .many times the . Republican
majority given to Gage, has elected a Demo
cratic Governor?- Or how the same thing, was
accomplished in Iowa?. .. .
' ¦ », ¦
VISALIA DELTA:
Governor Gage I has | again - demonstrated - his
unfitness for the high official position he occu
pies. This • time \he has ' done an „ injury to
Tulare County by sparing Donlan, the con
victed murderer. . Donlan had a fair trial, and
he was convicted. The Supreme Court sus
tained the ' lower, court, . and Donlan was taken
to the penitentiary to - meet - the ignominious
fate - that . he . deserved. ¦-_ Donlan's trial cost
Tulare County about $2000. He was as guilty
a wretch as ever got caught in the clutches
SANTA ANA HERALf>
The San Francisco Call strongly favors Lieu
tenant Governor Jacob H. Neft as chairman
of the Republican State Convention, contending
that while the party is battling for good prin
ciples he should by common consent be elected
chairman. Republicans are willing to trust
Neft. . _. '
AUBURN REPUBLICAN:
In times past it has been found necessary to enact
laws to prevent frauds in the sale of butter and sev
eral other articles 'of food, and it may yet be neces
sary to resort to legislation to put a stop to the petty
swindling that is too often .practiced in the selling of
small fruits. California has every year an abundance
of good fruit that goes to waste because there. is no
market for it,' and consequently' there^ can be -no ex
cuse in this State, .at least, for filling baskets with
worthless fruit arid selling it. under a false appear
ance given by a layer or two of fine and attractive
fruit on. top. . \ .
For one reason or another the fruit business does
not conform to the doctrine that prevails generally
among. business .men and which is embodied in the
proverb, "Honesty is the rbest policy." It is difficult
to find fruit stands where the various baskets can be
relied upon to have just as good fruit at the bottom
as at the top. Perhaps it is the fault of the producer,
perhaps that of, the packer, perhaps that of the seller;
but nearly always the fault is there,' and the basket
which makes such an attractive showing on the
stand turns out to be a mockery and a fraud when
the housewife takes it home and empties it to see
what she got for her money. \
Probably it would be too much to expect that man
kind will ever pack fresh fruit exactly on the square.
Everybody likes to make the best appearance possi
ble, not only for himself but for his products and for
his wares; and consequently the outward show is
nearly always better than- the substance within. It
is, however, a matter- of common- experience that
those persons succeed best in 'the long run who do
not carry their efforts to make a good show so far
as to produce an actual deception. In well nigh every
line of business it has been found that the dealer
whose goods come nearest to being just what they
appeai;. to be. has the; firmest hold upon the market,
retains the best custom and reaps the largest profit.
WITH the return of the season when straw
berries and cherries appeal to the appetites
of .the public from the fruit stands, there
returns also the old vexation of spirit caused by the
fact that the fruit in the bottom of the baskets but
seldom sustains the promise of the fruit on top.
PETTY FRUIT SWINDLES.
KING CITY RUSTLER:
"With the "elevated political Ideals" of the
present national administration a better time
could not be chosen than now for the Repub
lican voters to unite for Governor on a true,
clean, vigorous and aggressive man with a
record of many years of honest, unremuner
ative fealty and zealous labor in the party's
cause; one who has the intellect of a Clay the
oratory and magnetism of a Webster and" the
honesty and self-abnegation to serve th* peo
ple of this glorious State as a public servant
who would use hia office for the most good
to the greatest number and "not as a patronage
distribution station with the sole aim of fu
ture self-emolument.
Such a man is the Hon. William R. Davis
of Oakland, Alameda County. The better
element of the Republican party knows
him well. Four years ago the unsubsidlzed
press of the State called loudly on the banner
Republican County to pledge its delegations
lor him, but Pardee and Dalton mazuma com
bined to overthrow the "better element" can
didate at that time and the little push poli
tician won out. ¦
FRESNO REPUBLICAN:
Personally the Governor haa been making
enemies ever since he has been in office He
is tactless, arrogant, impatient and . inconsid
erate. He has not kept his promises, nor
shown regard for the responsibilities of his
high office He has alienated the friendship
of practically all the free newspapers and most
of the free public men of the State. He has
sought to court favor with the thoughtless by
wholesale vetoes and has then forfeited even
that claim by approving much of the most
vicious legislation foisted on the Legislature
by the very pernicious influences from which
he drew his own political inspiration He has
in fact, done everything In his power to ren
der himself an impossible candidate and now
invites the Republican party to Joint Itself
to the fortunes of that impossible candidate
and go- down -to defeat with him. *
The Republican party will not do it. The
machine may send as many delegates as it
can to the State Convention and deliver all
the votes for Gage, but the people, on the
final test, control even a State convention and
the people are opposed to the Governor Call
fornia is Republican. It believes In ReDubli
can principles. . is at this time exceDtionallv
interested in Republican policies, and It Tants
a Republican Governor.. The people know
that if the Republican convention renominatea
Governor Gage the only hope of Republican
success is the remote chance' that the Demo
cratic convention will make even a worse mis-
VIS ALIA DELTA:
As time passes it ls becoming more and mor«
evident that It would be fatal 1 to the W^n"
terests of the people of this State to renomU
nate Mr. Gage for the office of Governor On
position to his candidacy is so widespread and
ls crystallizing so rapidly that to force his
renomination by the influences now at work in
his behalf would seem to be equivalent to the
defeat of the Republican ticket. Nearlv »H
the leading newspapers of the State have
°1 e . I ? ly .i, de r lared a « alns t . his renomination?
while the. farmers and fruit growers are ap
parently determined not only to try to prevent
his renom nation, but to vote against him at
the polls if necessary to prevent his election
Such being the case It behooves the peopY* of
the State to unite uoon some good man for
whose nomination and election they can con
scientiously and enthusiastically work
INDEPENDENT AND
DEMOCRATIC VIEWS
Comments of the Independent and Dem
ocratic newspapers are Interesting, espe*
daily th.e remarks relative to Mayor
Schmitz. Here are some specimens:
LOS ANGEUES EXPRESS (IND.):
There may , be. in' Mayor Schmitz the making
of a valuable public servant, and as this ar
ticle ls none too plentiful in this or any other
State the i Express devoutly hopes such /may
prove to be the case. This remains to be demon
strated, however, and what better opportunity
to give the citizens of California object les
sons than from the executive . chair of the
rhtpf r\tv nf tlu nnrlht - a »»«_ v ¦__ -•
Boston is a little bit ruffled in, her serenity by the
census showing of . a decline in her manufacturing
industries, the value of whose product was 2 per cent
less in 1900 than it was in 1890. Moreover, the num
ber of wage" earners in manufacturing industries in
the city decreased from 78,000 to 72,000 during the
same decade. . .
Even the project of imperial federation received
little of his favor. He did not, indeed, deride it, but
he uttered a; warning -against .making haste to attain
it. "We cannot/ he said, "safely interfere with the
development of our relations to our daughter coun
tries. I look with apprehension on any attempt un
less backed up by a strong mass of public opinion to
anticipate events or foreclose precious results which,
if we are patient, are in store for" the empire." ri-:'.
Such a. statement will hardly be well received by
those sanguine colonial statesmen who have
seen in the imposition of taxes on the im
portation of • grain into the kingdom a chance
for them to arrange a preferential tariff in
favor of colonial grain. 1 - Representatives of ; the
various colonies. are to be in London to attend
the coronation and a conference will then be held un
der the direction of Mr. Chamberlain for the purpose
of devising ways and means to bring the kingdom
and the colonies into closer relations. As the colo
nies have shown more desire for special privileges
in the British markets than for anything else, the
speech of the Prime Minister will dampen the ardor
of the delegates. -
In short, the success of the British arms in South
——¦— ¦MfaJMiMM— HIM— imTOl— mrfimi n ii'i* ¦ ¦ . i» u it., fan. J
The Irish demand for home rule is treated by the
Premier even more curtly than the demand of the
Boers for a large measure of self-government. He
spoke of the various Irish demands: as ""insane, sui
cidal projects of imperial disruption." He did not
deign to give extended consideration to any of those
measures, and scoffed at the statesmen who advo
cate them. ¦ . , "
For those who have hoped that a speedy peace
might be attained in South Africa and arrangements
made for allaying old antagonisms, the speech of the
Prime Minister is distinctly discouraging. He refers
to the uprising of the Boers as a "flagrant outrage
upon his Majesty's dominions." He declares the
Government will not recede one inch from its orig
inal demands, and said the country must not expect
'"the ashes of past conflicts to be extinguished im
mediately." v That is a hard saying, for it signifies
no intention of doing anything to restore peace on" an
enduring basis and sounds like an effort to prepare
the country for- a policy of repression in South Africa
that would mean something like the establishment
there of an absol«te despotism.
It was noted that the tone and the manner of the
Premier were quite different from what they have
been for some years past. As the dispatches put it,
his address was "not pessimistic," as most of his late
speeches have been. Evidently he sees daylight
ahead in South Africa, and feels bold. He even went
so far as to say that had he been able to foresee, be
fore the outbreak of the war what would come of it,
he would still have pursued the same polky. In fact,
he seems to have been quite well satisfied with the
position of his Government. "We have suffered,"
he said, "but we have won."
LORD SALISBURY'S speech before the Prim
rose League holds out little promise to those
who have expected the British Ministry to act
with moderation and wisdom in dealing with the
problems of the empire. From first to last it was a
declaration of antagonism to every liberal sugges
tion. The Boers, the Irish, the aspiring "colonists
and the home reformers were alike_told that the Gov
ernment will concede nothing. Salisbury in fact
once more spoke for the stern and unbending Tories
of the kingdom and gave notice to his opponents
of every kind that he would grant peace upon no
terms other than unconditional surrender.
NAPA REGISTER:
Since Mr. Garrett's transfer from the Ex
aminer to the Post, the latter paper has been
constant in its editorial praise of Hearst jour
nalism and in Its service to the machttie that
seeks Governor Gage's renomination. In this
it but exercises a privilege open to all advo
cates. It overdoes the thing, however, and
makes itself ridiculous, when it • . • •
classes as "dissatisfied chicadees" all repre
sentatives of the country press who are not
In fun acccord with a few programmers intent
on putting things up for Republicans fully
competent to act for themselves. Such papers
as the Oakland Enquirer, the San Jose Mer
cury, the Fresno Republican, the Pomona Pro
gress, the Modesto Herald, the Orovllle Reg
ister and dozens of other straight-out'Repub
lican papers we might mention are not dealers
In machine-made politics. They honestly re
flect the views of writers who are ruled more
by patriotic than personal motives, and they
represent a standard of ability unsurpassed
even in the big newspaper offices of San Fran
cisco.
The recent rains over the great wheat belt have
.materially changed the national crop outlook for all
cereals. While they came too late to completely
restore the crop in ill sections, they have done so
much good that no more talk of short crops is heard
except in the Southwest. Seeding in the Northwest
• has-been set beck by wet weather, but this ad
verse condition is not sufficiently serious to affect
the market.
Conditions in California continue flattering. With
us the business outlook is always largely a question
of crops of grain and fruit. The prospects for both
.are more than good, though the yield will hardly be
as enormous as anticipated a month ago, owing
largely to the cool spring. Hay is of good color,
but the staple will be shorter than expected, and
high water along the Sacramento River and dry
-weather in the southern bean districts have tended
to cut down the potato and bean output, and almost
all fruit sections are sending in reports of a dropping
of the yorng fruit, more or less serious. Pears and
prunes are suffering fiom an unknown blight, severe
in some districts and insignificant in others, and
-while no' scarcity in either is feared, the yield will not
break previous records, as was thought up to a few
days ago. All the other crops, as far as known, are
looking very well. The country merchants are send
ing in good reports, and the banks all over the State
are abundantly supplied with funds. Collections are
fully up to the average and failures are few. Build
ing operations are as brisk as ever, especially in San
Francisco, which is enjoying quite a boom in this
line, and Eastern people are coming to the State : n
large numbers. The outlook for the State could
hardly be more flattering, •
ii him 'B MnrfWinmillMinlll MiilMHi - ~ .
COMMERCIAL reports from all over the
country continue cheerful. They indicate
that the volume of distributive trade through
jobbing and retail channels is as large as at any time
curing the past three or four years of business activ
ity, with no signs of diminution. Manufacturing is
especially brisk, the only exception being in the
woolen trade, which is tied up at several centers by
strikes. This has caused a halt in the demand for
raw wool, and though the market is still firm the
buyers are now indifferent, and are no longer fall
ing over each other tc buy, and are no longer con
tracting for fleece while it is still on the sheep's back.
Prices, however, range higher than a year ago, but
the clip promises to be large. In iron and steel the
conditions are opposite those in wool, as buyers -who
have been expecting a lull in the trade, with a cor
responding break in prices, are now competing with
one another to secure tardy supplies, and this is re
ducing stocks of the raw material and pushing the dif
ferent mills to their full capacity to fill orders. Pro
visions are quoted firm at the great Western centers,
and the price of beef is so high along the Atlantic
Coast that the labor organizations are boycotting
the trust by signing pledges not to eat beef for thirty
days, and some of the State Governments are taking
the matter in hand through the courts. The railway
earnings, which are a good barometer of the condi
tion of general trade, continue to show an increase
over last j'ear, the gain in April being 10.6 per cent
over 1901 and 35 per cent over 1900. Prices of com
modities on May 1, according to Dun's index num
ber, were at the highest point of recent years, gain
ing 6.3 per cent over the same date last year, though
6ince May 1 a recession has been noticeable. The
bank clearings last week reached the enormous total
of $2,952,000,000, of which $2,073,000,000 is credited
to New York, the rest of the United Stakes making
an exhibit of $878,000,000. The failures for the week
were 218, against 187 for the same week last year.
SALISBURY'S SPEECH.
CHEERBUL TRADE CONDITIONS.
i r-a« r fJ"t 0ne . lna . n w who ia ke ej>»ns Governor
fclfmitr^^^ £!?^ ™« man * *«-°r
VALLEJO TIMES (DEM.)
of the law. But he has been saved, and the
course . of the law • has been circumvented.
There are mighty few people in Tulare County
who have had any respect for Gage since he
has publicly demonstrated his smallness. And
now Tulare County cannot forgive him for his
gross misuse of . official power.
FRESNO MIRROR:
The Tulare Register says that from the tone
of the Democratic press one might infer that
about hair the Democrats in California wera
waiting for the opportunity to vote for Henry
T. Gage. Such an inference would be incor
rect. What the Democrats are waiting for ls
an opportunity to vote against Gage for Gov
ernor.
LOBI HERALI>:
When Dan Burns Issued his manifesto on his
return from Mexico, declaring with all auto
cratic importance that he had decided that the
Republican party again wanted Gage to be
its gubernatorial nominee, he displayed an as
sumption not astonishing but an arrogance
that is extremely offensive. - It3 first effect
was what Burns contemplated — the disconcert
ing of rival forces and the terrorizing of that
class of practical politicians who are always
on the scramble to get on the side of the win
ner. But the reaction has already set in. and
In earnest. The unorganized opposing forces —
the Republican voters, from whose ranks dele
gations will be formed— will see Burns' great
bluff and go him several better.-
Dan Burns made a great mistake and the Re
publican State Convention ratified the blunder
when it nominated Estee in 1894. when there
was less, party opposition to him then than
there is and will be to Gage. The Governors
administration has earned too many aggressive
enemies and made too many indifferent friends
in his own party to make him a strong leader.
Left to its good sense and calm judgment
the next Republican convention could find un
erringly a score of distinguished gentlemen, in
any one of whom the great public conscience
would recognize a stronger and more accept
able candidate than Gage.
Can any one deny that Burns* purpose is to
cram Gage down the throat of the party? Al
ready he has inaugurated his game of "pure
politics" in San Francisco and it will not be
long before he attempts to stink thfi rural
parts to death with this same sort of fumiga
tion.
The kind of a man the great mass of Repub
licans want for their leader is one who can
UNIFY the party. Let him be a man who
can secure the nomination without intrigue
and squarely upon his merits and his political
strength. Such a nomination would be an
honor second only to a triumph at the polls.
The people still love to hug the delusion that
this is a government of the people, for the
people - and by the people.
PASADENA NEWS:
According to our humble opinion. Governor
Gage will surely be defeated in November, as
Estee was, if his nomination is forced by the
bosses and corporations. ,The Republican party
has too glorious a history to be dragged into
base uses.
«
REDLANDS CITROGBAPH:
The revolt against the boss domination of
Colonel Burns is widespread and deepseated.
In traveling over the State we find It every
where. Men have told us that they had noth
ing particular against Governor Gage, except
that he was controlled by Colonel Burns.
It is this widespread feeling that the wise
political leaders will take into account when
coolly calculating the chances of winning out
in the campaign this fall. Conceding the fact
that the State is 20,000 Republican, the change
of only a few votes in each precinct In the State
against the Republican nominee will change
the 20,000 majority into a 10,000 minority. The
feeling was noticeable in the Estee campaign —
and defeated one of the best men California
ever had. The feeling ls stronger to-day than
ir was then, and the same result will follow
If Governor Gage is renominated. ¦ -
Victoria was accounted a thrifty sovereign in her
day, but it is said King Edward is more economical
still. He has put labor saving machinery into the
royal palaces, dismissed superfluous officials and ef
fected a saving of something like £25,000 a year by
his various economies^ The coronation will, of
course, require him to be liberal in his expenditure,
but after that it is believed he will settle down to
save money. , In fact, it would seem that since he
is too old to have a royal time of it he has decided
to be strictly business.
MONDAY MAY 12, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
tittttt All CcKSnuicitiont to W. 8. LEAKS, Min&ger.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..BlnrUet and Tlilrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
Ton With the Department You Wish.
Delivered tiy Carrier*. 15 CentN Per Week.'
Single Copied. R Cent*.
Term" by Blall. Inclndtnt? Postage I
DAILY CALL. Onduding Sunday), one year $«.00
Daily CALL. ancluSlnc Sunday), 6 months 8.09
DAILT CALL Cincludins Sunday). 8 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „ 65o
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All poitmaiterti are authorised to reeelre
¦subscriptions.
E&rsple copies will .be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address eboold be
particular to rive Voth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prospt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KIIOGXE5S.
Kua£er Foreign Advertising, Mtrgsette BttUdiag. Chicago.
{Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOS Herald Sqaare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. ¦ '
CHICAGO- NEWS STANDS:
Ehenn&n Hcase; P. O. News Co.; Greet Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAKCH OFFICES 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
entll 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission. op«n until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. xn.
"Since the case of Fredrick is to be appealed to the
Supreme Court, it is to be hoped that tribunal will
give it a prompt hearing and bring the controversy
to a conclusion as speedily -as possible. An issue
of this kind that affects large public interests should
be entitled to right, of way on the calendar. The Jus
tices of the Supereme Court are to have much work
to do with the charter before it is licked into, shape
and the validity of its provisions definitely settled,
and consequently they, should be ready to take up
the work without delay and carry it forward as fast
as the test cases come to them.
It is probable that for a long time to come the
courts will be engaged in determining just what pow
ers the charter has legally conferred upon the various
officials of the municipal administration. Other
clauses than that reviewed by Judge Sloss in this
case will doubtless be found void when brought to
the. test of law, and the valid powers of the Mayor
be found -to be much less than is now claimed for
him. The community will suffer nothingby clipping
off some of the extravagant pretensions of the may
oralty office, for the elimination of 'them will be
nothing more than a return to that system of a divis
ion of governmental authority to which the Ameri
can people have been accustomed in every kind of
government from that of a municipality to that of
a nation..... _. ._.; . .. ._. ....-_ ..
This decision is . founded in reason as well as in
law. It maintains a doctrine which will receive the
approval of a large majority of the people It was
never the intention of the voters of San Francisco
to establish a Lord Mayor with something like uni
versal power of appointment and removal; and con
sequently it is gratifying that the extreme claims of
the Mayor in that direction are. refuted by the courts.
The decision of Judge Sloss is that the "provisions
of the charteV relating to the appointment of a Jus
tices', clerk are void." He also held that the conten
tion that the approval of the Mayor is necessary to
the election of a Justices' clerk is, unfounded. In
that connection he said: '"Acts which are not legis
lative in their character. need not be passed by or
dinance and shall not be subject to the veto power.
An election or appointment to -office is. not an ex
ercise, of legislative power, and therefore becomes
complete upon the passage of the resolution.^ ap
pointment. It is to be remembered that the veto
power is to be strictly construed and not extended
by application."
It is understood that an appeal is to be taken, to
the Supreme Court and it is of course advi/able that
it should be so. At the , time the charter was under
consideration The Call 'predicted .it would be found
defective in many ways, and the 'prediction has been
already amply fulfilled.; It is evident that there are
many . clauses of the instrument that are of doubtful
validity, and; the -.sooner .they are brought to the. test
of -the highest . court the better.
'• t UDGE SLOSS in his decision in the contest for
' I the office of clerk- in ; the Justices' court has put
W limitation upon the. •powers claime'd by the
Mayor. He v has declared the claim of Powel Fred
rick to-be entirely -without .right and rtfs ordered
that possession be given to the contestant McComb.
THE MAYOR'S POWER.
Professor Henry .Thurston Peck says of Balzac:
"My belief is; that at the last his name will be placed
higher;'stni:thah;'Shakespeare's- ; -at r the very apex of
literary fame." .Now where is that Chicago professor
who' ¦ said Rockefeller /is greater 'than Shakespeare?
Fellows who talk. like that ought to travel together,
so' that neither ; can '.be accused of being the biggest
fool on earth. '. ".. ' :
HUMBOLDT STANDARD:
The Humboldt Citizen Is liable to ask some
questions which the leading Democratic paper
in this State will not readily answer. Here
is one which appears in its first number:
"We would like to know why the Examiner
did not give us a full report of the proceed
ings of the late meeting of the MonticelloClub
at San Francisco. This club, as its name in
dicates, is a Democratic organization and many
prominent Democrats are members and were
ptes'ent at- the meeting, and many fine speeches
were made. The Call and other prominent
Republican papers gave the proceedings a fair
notice, with a brief synopsis of what was said
and done. The Examiner claims to be a Demo
cratic paper, and its patrons and readers are
mostly Democrats. Yet it did not say one
word about the meeting. The Democrats here
say: 'Why. is this?' "
Simply because the Examiner is a Hearst
ling which is Democratic when it chooses to
be, or when the proprietor can dictate. In its
rul'j-or ruin policy it determines not to give
-publicity to anything certain Democrats may
do because it cannot control them. It fought
Stephen M. White with- virulence and men
dacity because White was too great a man to
bow to the decrees of Willie Hearst. It re
'fuses to publish the proceedings of the Mon
ticello Club, because that club contains men
of independence and character who will not
bend the knee to Hearst. Gavin McNab and
other Democrats, whose shoe-lachets the Ex
aminer is not worthy to unloose, despise the
Examiner and will not be driven to do Its
behests, hence the newspaper which claims to
publish all the news prints yellow rot and
leaves the Republican "papers of San Francisco
to report the proceedings of such a notable
gathering of able. and influential Democrats as
the Montlcello Club.- Such is the Democracy
of the Hearstlings. ,\
¦ ... . . .
IT is evident from the tone of the Republican press and the comment of leading public men of the State that
Henry T. Gage's chances for renomination for Governor have gone glimmering. The elation in the Democratic
camp has also died out. Early in the campaign Democratic statesmen were led to believe that the Burns-Herrin ma
chine would be strong enough to control the Republican State' convention and place Gage at the head of the ticket
There was an immediate rush of Democratic aspirants for gubernatorial honors because it was generally recognized
that Gage would be an easy mark for the opposition. Subsequent events have convinced the Democratic leaders that
the Republican convention cannot be programmed to nominate the machine candidate. It is now generally under
stood in all the camps that Gage is practically out of the race for renomination. The machine possesses some
transferrable strength, but to whom it will be given is a matter of conjecture in political circles. As the comments of
the leading newspapers of the State are readable The Call presents another collection, as follows:
NILES HERALD:
The Republican press of the State from
north to south is almost unanimous in the
belief that the renomination of Governor Gage
for a second term would be unwise and could
result only in the defeat of the Republican
ticket. The Democratic papers, strange as it
may 'seem, are in favor of his renomination.
It can be surmised that the opposition believes
ho would be the easiest candidate to defeat this
fall.
The Republican party owes it to itself and
the people of the State to throw off every thing
wh.ch could be construed to favor the basses
or their desires. If success is expected at the
polls the people must be allowed to have free
dom in selecting the ticket and only men who
are free from boss influences nominated.
If this ls done Governor Gage will be retired
and with a strong man at the head of the
ticket the Republicans will carry the State by
a majority equal to that of two years ago.
SAN DIEGO TRIBUNE:
There is nothing more evident in State poli
tics at the present time than that the best
element of the Republican party, which stood
so stanchly by Governor Gage is his battle
for election in 1898. has become so disgusted
with the manner in which he has turned over
the administration of State affairs to the gang
that runs the "machine" that his renoraina
tion for the office would result in the defeat
of the party in the coming election. It is
openly asserted that- such a renomination
would. result in party division. Whether or not
the "machine" will, by its cappers, be able
by hypnotic methods to foist him upon the
party in the coming campaign, depends upon
unity of action by those who desire clean poli
tics . sufficiently to administer the rebuke his
administration of public' affairs merits.
No effort is being spared by Gage and his
tools to secure his indorsement for another
term. The danger to the party is that unre
mitting work on the part of the gang for its
own political existence may score a victory
ovei- the decent element among Republicans
solely by reason of .the latter's failure to- see
the fact, that the machine is strong enough
to control the situation unless active and com
bined effort is made to block the game. There
can be no uncertainty in the ground rumble
that has followed the opening of the Gage cam
paign—its meaning is definite. The better
class of papers throughout the State are re
flecting popular opinion in their denunciation
of the regime that has become nauseous.
Governor Gage is determined to saddle him
self and his gang upon the public for another
term. His hope of winning as the exponent of
Republican principles has been abandoned and
he has. nought alliance' with the Democrats
and the straggling elements, depending upon
the "practical politics" of his spoilsmen to
foist him upon the nominating convention and
his unholy entanglements *to carry victory at
the polls. He is so manifestly using the
power of his office to secure his renomination
that he has disgusted even his former most
ardent supporters.
There has been talk of having the county
committees appoint the delegates to the nom
inating convention from those counties where
the primary laws are not in force. The State
Central Committee has put itself on record as
opposing this. Should" the Gage combination
succeed in overriding the recommendation of
the State Central Committee and get control
of the Convention, the voters will administer
a rebuke at the polls that will mean the de
feat of the State ticket.
In addition to the general feeling of repug
nance to the administration methods of Gov
ernor Gage, there is a feeling of resentment
In the southern end of the State because of
the petty spite which actuated him in his veto
of the appropriation made by the Legislature
for the- completion of the San Diego State Nor
mal School. The present unfinished condition
of this institution, which has reached the limit
of its growth until further appropriation shall
be made, is a monument not to the spirit of
"economy" 'upon which Gage's adherents seek
to dwell, but to a spirit of malice.- Such
"economy" does not commend itself to the
friends of public education.
POMONA TIMES:
The Sacramento Leader favors E. B. Edson
of Siskiyou for Governor, and says in this
connection :
"With the present temper of the Republi
cans the renomination of Governor Gage would
be suicidal. • ••••¦ in the face of known
conditions Republicans must /Concentrate on
a candidate other than Mr. Gage or else be
up against certain defeat.'* « '¦¦¦
With the exception of France our own Govern
ment is the only one that has taken any step toward
the relief of the sufferers. In that fact there is
nothing surprising. We have long led the world in
the works of humanity and of charity. Great Britain
and Russia and China have had occasion to be grate
ful to us for help given to their famine-stricken sub
jects. What we will do in this case, therefore,~is
nothing new on our part. We are not only the rich
est but the most liberal and most humane 'of the
nations, and the banner of the Stars and Stripes has
been hailed with joy by more of the stricken people
than any other flag that ever floated beneath the sky.
The prompt action of France was, of course, due
to the fact that Martinique .is a French island and
thousands of its inhabitants have kinsmen in France.
The French Colonial Office has been authorized by
the Cabinet to expend'all the money required to suc
cor the sufferers, and' a commissioner at once
steamed from Brest for the scene of the calamity.
He carries with him m'oney and supplies and will be
followed, of course, by further supplies at once.
France is as yet the only government; .that
has acted, but the Congress of the United
States would have acted on Saturday had it
not .been that a relief bill passed by; the Sen
ate was delayed in the House of Representatives
by the action of one man, Underwood of Alabama,
who objected to taking it up on that day. There can
be little doubt that it will be passed to-day and that
as speedily as possible aid will be sent to the' stricken
people of the devastated island. In fact, the Presi
dent has not waited for Congress to act, but has al
ready ordered the cruiser Cincinnati to proceed to
the island and investigate the extent of the disaster
The greater portion of the relief will, of course',
come from private contributions. In fact, The Call,
in connection with the New York Herald' and other
allied papers, has already arranged to send relief.
A ship has been chartered for the work and is. now
at sea with orders to touch at San Juan, and Porto
Rico. Contributions to this relief fund will be trans
mitted by cable to San Juan, where the money will
be expended for the needed' supplies and at once
hurried forward ' on the chartered steamer to the
stricken island. ' ....
OVER the desolation of Martinique charity has
at once spread its wings, and swift ships car
rying supplies will soon convey to the sur
vivors of the disaster every help that human hands
can give. We are thus to have another illustration
of how greatly and grandly the sentiment of human
ity has developed in our time, and how prompt men
are becoming to relieve the distress of their fellow
men in every part of the globe. ¦, . ,_; •
GAGE'S CANDIDACY
GOES GLIMMERING
Africa and the approach of peace have not improved
the. temper of Salisbury. He has become exultant
and in his exultation shows nothing of magnanimity.
He is no longer a pessimist as regards the empire,
but his new optimism is anything but promising to
the world or to his country.
RELIEF FOR MARTINIQUE.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, M
Professor Wendell of • Harvard, who has ..been,
noted of late for repeated attacks on' the American
press, has met with retribution at: last." He has been
called toUecture at Oxford arid will have to put up
with -British pape 1 -" .
6
to the satisfaction of his fellow suffragists hla
ability and capacity to govern wisely and well
a municipality like San Francisco he may be
called to assume the direction of affairs in
the State, a consummation not distasteful to
all law-abiding, order-levins citizens of this
great commonwealth.
•
BAXER&FIELD CALIFORNIA!*
(DEMOCRATIC):
with Eugene E. Schmitz in the field as a
candidate for the Republican nomination for
Governor, even Gage will have to look to his
laurels. If the Mayor goes into the fight with
the backing of the labor element, which ht»
undoubtedly will have, he will prove a danger
ous antagonist.
• • •
Mayor Schmitz is becoming an astute poli
tician. He has an ambition to be Governor,
and he realizes that he can only accomplish thin
through the Republican party, of which he has
been a life-long member. It is not surpris
ing, therefore, that he should desire to make
his peace with that organization, nor that he
should, address a gathering of Republicans ad
his fellows.
Up to this time the Examiner has modestly
gathered in the credit of electing Schmitz; as
a matter of fact it did nothing of the kind.
In a leading editorial it advised the voters
of San Francisco to cast their ballots for
Tobin and at the same time It averred that
Schmits would be the creature of Abe Ruet
if he were elected. After the vote was count
ed it modestly reprinted extracts from fawn
ing interior papers which gave to the Exam
iner the credit of having achieved a great
political victory in the metropolis. But the
Mayor knows better, and he is apparently not
consulting that paper as to his political course
or as to how the city of San Francisco shall
be governed. He is, when all is said, a pretty
big man, and an independent one, and being
the latter, if he does not soon have the Exam
iner at his heels all signs fall.
SACRAMENTO BEE (IN1X):
The discovery has been made that Governor
Gage had no authority in law to offer a re
ward of $500 for the arrest and conviction of
the assailant of Thomas Garrett in San Fran
cisco.
?».F ase J 1 * 3 no authority in law for many
things he docs— absenting himself habitually
from the seat of .the State government for one.
It is a satisfaction to know that the work
ingmen of San Francisco have at last come to
realize that Gage has simply been endeavoring
* iV e P£ Iltlca l capital out of their troubles.
r,,Ki S £ Bee ,_ man y months ago informed the
Public, Gage had nothing whatever to do with
w a v d B Justm f nt />* the strike in San Francisco
or th y fk In aCt * he was not the champion
of the labor unions in what he did undertake.
n Well , k^ wn , t!> those ""n»iar with th»
conditions of the time that Gage had practl-
Se 'trouble? *° **" ° Ut the mIlltary '° 9
Gage's work in the strike last year was con
spicuously -coarse." It is email wonder that
hfs °ve r £ el ?n d h C ! ined , t0 be ca tspaws for him
cheUuS o^of^eVeV" ""> •»*«»*««*»
nt J-? ere r Wa £ never a worse autocrat in the
LOS ANGELES CAPITAL (IND.):
reSnTtion^o? &£« iTy S^fTS^
h n i skbmljj^^
« n< V h fOr P rom °"o° 'o«r years hence A word
Prove^M!*' aDd Pardee »-W\to3«
Kue'S^nv^n 6 . RePUbUCaa V *«°^
• • •
Garret McEnerney has come and gone and
lie life. McEnerney was abroad recently and
make a rattling campaign. His nomination
?hTSu o a £ pear3 at time to ** °«°Sr
REEDLEY EXPONENT (X29D V
a tni1i,££ P »nH Can K Pa i ty ls as harmonious as
a bulldog and a badger when both want to
hold possession of the same barrel PoorGov
ernor Gage ls being roasted to a turn thSs
2Ui. tO T? ul ? K * hIm^ et «« the track tor oS^
SSSr«^f to 5S. %&?&SrZ5 "SSU? £
ssrs: ffids^ ?»• ' Ga *° «*~ <-
immirian 11 £, rancisco Ca " »ays the sagacious
politician knows enough to percelv* that
Gage, who won out in 1S0S as the p-ople's
candidate, cannot win this year as the rail!
road's candidate. In 1S08 the forces of «,,
SE? W *P UlUted tO P roi "ote the election of
Gage. Money was contributed by the mer
1110 ba^ kS ; the cor Porations. labor or,
ganizations and industrial institutions. 1h«
the r flag S ° n aa y ° UDS * nd Old rallled aro * d '
— • — -1— '
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
Call subscribers contemplating a chance ol
dMldencr during the summer months can have
Cfcelr paper forwarded by in all to their new
¦ ddreasea by notifying- The Call Business Office.
Tlila paper will also be on stale at all summer
resorts and ia represented oy a local agent in
all tovrns on the coast. t
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER
Grand Opera-house — "Reiily and the 400."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
Cal i f orn ia — ' "Aristocracy. ' '
Tivoli— "The Singing Girl."
Central — "The World."
Alcazar — "Lost "1 Hours."
Columbia — "The Second in Command."
Oriiheum — Vaudeville. »
Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
AMUSEMENTS.
By W. H. Horn — Thursday, May 22, German Government
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SALES.
A. car-loan or Call Superior
Atlases lias arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. ' All subscribers to Th»
Call are entitled to a copy of
this great book at the prem-
ium rate of # t SO. Ont of
town subscribers ties trine a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt of fl SO. All mall
orders will be abipped by ex-
press at subscriber'* expense.•Wedding cake is replaced in Holland. by
' sweets called "brindzulkers.". -.•..':;.;;;.•;¦¦•.;
_'The culckefit and most convenient way ' In
and out of tlw .Tosemito- Valley -la by way at
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at' » a. m. on, the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.v - •
¦ Call at . Santa Fe • ticket .'office, 041 Market
street, ; for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. . ¦ . : • - . «
Yosemitc Via the Santa Fe.
At the' Lyceum, "where the Hlrschman
Bros.' clothing stock is now being placed
for the sale on Thursday.vThis will be the
greatest clothing sale ever held in this
city. Suits and overcoats that are worth
$15 each and every one of them .will ba sold
for 55 S5. Stylish, made of all wool mar
teri&l-by the best union .-workmen in
America.' Tweeds, serge, casaimere, black,
blue and fancy cheviots. This, splendid
stock of men's clothing will be sold; be
ginning Thursday, 'only two days hence.
Why not wait and save more\than 50 per
cent on fine made men's clothing that, will
be sold at. the Manufacturers' Sale of
Clothing.' 915 Market St., opposite Mason.*
Everybody Working Hard
Flaubert's "Madame Bovary" was on« of his
greatest works, as it dealt with the human in
terest question, "What is going to become or
a woman who Is educated beyond her sta
tion?" M. Le Roux advised women to take
more Interest in the business of their husbands
and to endeavor by this display of Interest to
attract them from the coarser side of life to
its finer influences. "Men cannot hope, how
ever," said the chivalrous lecturer, "to reach
the high moral and Intellectual refinement of
women.' '
BERKELEY. May 11.— M. Hughes Le Roux.
the French lecturer, epoke yesterday afternoon
at the University of California on Flaubert as
a painter of Northern France. Flaubert, he
said, cave his life up wholly to his art, ssid
his novels had a great Influence on French
and other writers.
So Doing.
II. Hughes L*e Eoux Says They Could
Please Their Husbands by
W0ME2T SHOULD TAKE
INTEREST IN BUSINESS
Chief A. M. Macpherson, ex-Chief Angua
McLeod, First Chieftain J. A. McLeod
Piper Nell Lindsay and William Mitchell
and D. D. McRae of the music committee
made a trip to. Sacramento last week with
the object of" inducing the Caledonian
Club there to send as large a delegation as
possible to the games and they were emi
nently successful in that respect and
were entertained at a banquet. The games
committee has also - been notified that
large delegations will be present from
Stockton, San Jose, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Fresno, Los Portland, Seattle
and other cities. -. .
nual Games From Cities
' Along the Coast.
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club has determined to make the annual
games to be held at Shell Mound Park,
May -30, the event of the season, and ali
who attend may expect a good time! The
programme contains forty events, more
than two-thirds being open to all comers.
Among them are races, vaulting with the
pole, high and long jumping, hop-step-and
jump, throwing the heavy and light ham
mers, tossing the caber, putting the stone,
tug-of-war, Highland dancing in costume
for men and boys and girls, and bagpipe
competition for a valuable gold medal. A
prize will be given the best dressed'High
lander in full and plain . costume. The
prices have been doubled in all the events
so as to attract competitors from a dis
tance.
Large Delegations Coining to the An-
Young O'Brien, who lives at 14 Dear
born street, boarded a blue trolley car for
the Cliff, and when the car had reached
Fifteenth avenue and H street a sudden
gust of wind took his hat off. In his at
tempt to regain the hat O'Brien fell from
the car and struck his head against a
telephone pole. He was Immediately
picked up, but was unconscious, and was
removed to the Emergency Hospital.
When examined the boy was found to
have sustained a severe concussion of the
brain, and the surgeons are doubtful aa
to whether he will live.
While on his way to the Cliff yesterday
¦with two friends Frank O'Brien, 15 yeare
of age, was severely injured in jumping
from a moving car.- .', ,\. -'-r-
Trying to Regain His Hat on
Way to the Cliff. •
Frank O'Brien Is Severely Injured
BOY FALLS FBOM CAR
AND STRIKES ON HEAD
The Bee Hive Shoe Company.
Ladles' $2 50 shoes for 51 at the manu
facturers' sale of shoes, 717 Market St.,
near Third. •
The members of the San Francisco busi
ness men's excursion party are still
laughing over the witty speech that San
ford Bennett of the San Francisco Board
of Trade made at the Bakersfleld roof
garden* meeting. , He said that he had at
home desiccated canned speeches; told
of his experience In mining, and then
came to. his experience as a member of
an pil company. At first he was in what
Mr3. Partington would call "Indignant
circumstances, but finally he .became
more wealthy and wa3 a stockholder and
director. He was in the Blooming Idiot
Oil Company, with $1,000,000 capital, fifty
suckers and dead sure to strike oil.. "We
bored , through four distinct strata of
stockholders,'- asserted . Bennett. But
¦when he had finished joshing he congrat
ulated Bakersfleld heartily on Its embar
rassment of. riches. 7
The San Joaquin Valley is In its best bib
and tucker. The spring time glow is every
where spread upon its verdure. The latch
string was out. The city man walked in with
out knocking and was received with manifest
cordiality. The people of the great Kan Joa
quin know and like the city merchants better,
and vice versa, and the merchant has a much
wider range of knowledge of I the possibilities
of that portion of the State and • Is therefore
freer to take up co-operative development,
which means a. greater and more glorious
commonwealth. • •
Just appreciation or the wonderful . develop
ment of the Kern oil fields cannot be had
without a personal view. The rapid utility
of electricity and the natural water power which
supply the energy for lighting and • power
pumping lor Irrigation and other use is now
more widely known. The city man can now
talk and write more intelligently on the • mar
velous possibilities of California. A similar
excursion should be taken up . the Sacramento
Valley before its harvest is completed. The
better we all know each other the better th.i
result will be for all.
C. M. Wooster of the Santa Clara Val
ley Improvement Club said:
SANTA CTLARA SPEAKS.
The new Mrs. Bonnet (nee Merrill), the
talented bride of Theodore F. Bonnet, is
gaining beauty every day. A sweeter face
Michael S. Alexander predicted great good
to come from the excursion.
The promenade concert at the Hotel
Mateo's Eden-like grounds produced no
end of lovely women and escorts. Stun
ning gowns were everywhere in evidence,
and with a good musical programme and
4000 Incandescent lights the esthetic
sense, was more than appealed to. The
gowns worn by a party from the city, in
cluding the Walls and Miss Grey, were
greatly, admired. Mrs. Wall wore a cloth
gown of navy blue with a pencil stripe of
white, trimmed with stitched bandB of
blue taffeta, and red embroidered vest.
Her modish hat was a flat Parisian crea
tion, with a wealth of lace falling on her
hair to the shoulders.
NOW that ping-pong has become
necessary to happiness In the so
cial world it is remembered that
when Dr. Humphreys of Honolulu
passed through this city last De
cember on his return from England he
prophesied that In six months America
would go crazy over ping-pong. He said
they were playing It with unwonted en
thusiasm abroad and that it was bound to
become a reigning fad. It Is certainly a
fascinating game. I am not surprised
that an occasional meal has to be eaten
off the.mantel while the dining table is in
use. . Nothing could be more - practical
than to have a table made for ping-pong
purposes. The Hotel Mateo managers
have had one specially made that Is at
tracting no end ; of favorable comment
and placed conveniently in the parlor. It
Is made a little like a billiard table, only
having exact ping-pong dimensions and
covered with red felt. The crowning fea
ture Is the rim of wood, two Inches high,
which keeps the balls from rolling off so
easily. Of course, they bound off repeat
edly, so the players are sure of sufficient
exercise without any unnecessary scram
bling about the floor after balls.
I will venture to say that Mrs. John F.
Merrill had less arguing to do than any
woman at the convention in Los Angeles
last week. Of course, she represented the
Century and Alden clubs most conscien
tiously, but aggressive methods are not aT
part of her policy, yet she certainly gets
favorable results. One observes that
while Mrs. Merrill Is prominently identi
fied with club work 3he never forgets
that her husband and children come first,
and that the same harmony pervades her
home that attends her work outside. Her
children have inherited their mother's
beauty, and are so charmingly trained
that any one might well be proud of
them. Then, too, Mrs. Merrill belongs to
the clubs that do loving and philan
thropic work. I believe she is a director
in one of the hospitals, an associate mem
ber of the Alden Club and of the Interna
tional Sunshine Society (of which the
Alden Is a branch), and honorary presi
dent of the Little Marguerites, as well a«s
the Chrysanthemum Auxiliary, both of
which support a bed in the Children's
Hospital the year round. Gladys Merrill
la an active member of the Chrysanthe
mums, while Ruth works for the\Margu-°
rltes, so you see their mother is includ
ing club life in their bringing up. Surely
men would not rail at club women if they
were all like Mrs. Merrill. • .
SALLY SHARP.
CALEDONIANS PREP ABE
INTERESTING PROGRAMME
Everybody Is glad to have Miss Pearl
Sabin back again. She returned last week
from a prolonged stay in Chicago with
her family. The Sabins were delightfully
situated at the Auditorium Hotel in that
city, where they have many strong
friends. Miss Sabin Is one of" those
charming girls that no end of attention
could spoil. She Is always sweet, sympa
thetic and lovable. It Is needless to say
that no social function yet to be given
would be complete without her.
Is rarely seen/and her figure Is charming.
Mr. and Mrs. Bonnet made a very short
wedding trip owing to business interests,
and they are therefore taking little trips
to near resorts of interest every Saturday
to Monday. This week they were at Hotel
Mateo.
POPULAR SOCIETY GIRL WHO RETURNED LAST WEEK FROM CHI
CAGO, WHERE SHE ENJOYED A PROLONGED STAY WITH HER
FAMILY, WHICH NOW RESIDES IN THAT CITY.
..•-»....¦¦¦ ...
Mrs. M. E. Blanchard will give two re
citals next week at the First Unitarian
Church, corner of Geary and Franklin
streets. The first recital will be given
Tuesday evening next and the second on
Saturday afternoon. May 17, and both are
given under the auspices of the Channing
Auxiliary. /Mrs. Blanchard's excellent
programmes are as follows:
Tuesday— (a) Ognl Pena Piu Spietata, (b)
StizzoBO, Mlo Stizzoso (Pergolesl, 1710-1736)
<c JL"T he Raven «" (oW EnglUh ballad), (dr
"The Lass With the Delicate Air" (Dr Arne
1710-1778). (e) "Splnnerliedchen" <Vo"lktlied
1842); (a) "Ruhe Sussliebchen." (t>) "Sandl
raannchen" (Brahms), (c) "Auffrage" (Schu
mann), (d) "Hark. Hark the Lark," Shake
speare (Schubert), (e) "Good Morning" (Grieg)
(a) "Hevelllez-vous" (Godard), (b) "Bon Jour
Suzon," (c) Arioso (Dellbes); (a) "in Picardie"
(Foote), (b) "The Kose Leans Over the Pool "
Arlo Bates, (c) "The Miller's Daughter " Ten
nyson (Cbadwick). (d) "My Boy Tammy" (old
Scotch), (e) "Nereid's Lullaby," (f) "Wild
Hunt" (Johns). na
Saturday— (a) Lungl dal 'Caro Bene (SeccHl)
(b) "My Mother Bid Me Bind My Hair"
(Haydn) (c) "The Secret." (d) "Who Tig
Sylvia?" Shakespeare (Schubert), (e) "Seelie
??,"".. ( X^ t tr stucken >: (a). "The Water
Lily," (b) "Serenade" (Richard Strauss) (c)
"Aus Melnen Groesen Schmerzen," (d) "Mad
chen Mit dem Rothen Mundchen" (Franz) (e)
"Von Ewlger Llebe" (Brahms); (a) "Deserted"
(McDowell), (b) >."Love Is a Sickness Pull of
Woes" (Parker), (c) "Legend" (Hermann), (d)
"In the Merry May Time" (German) te)
"Husheen," (0 "Haymaking" (Needham)- (a)
"Viens Aurore," (b) "Margoton" (old French)
(c) "C'est Mon Ami" (Queen Marie Antoinette)'
(d) "Hal-lu-li" (Cocquard).
This week's programme at the Chutes
promises to be unusually good, including,
as it does, the Wilton brothers, triple
horizontal bar comedians; the Hoste
brothers, eccentrics; the Clipper quar
tet in "Uncle Eph's Dream," the Petch
lng brothers and their musical flower gar
den, Gorman and Keppler, the comedian
and the dancer; Grant and Grant, colored
entertainers, and the animatoscope with
new moving pictures. The crowd in at
tendance yesterday was immense.
• ? •
To-night begins the sixth week of the
great success, "Fiddle Dee Dee," at
Fischer's Theater, and preparations are
going on for the record run of a hundred
nights of this very funny burlesque. New
specialties will again be added to-night,
and next week there will be two new
artists added to the excellent cast at this
house. There Is already a big demand for
seats for the second of the Weber &
Feld's plays.
The pJece has made a distinct hit. Annie
Myers in the title role, now her initial
nervousness has worn off, is singing with
all her customary vim and voice. Edward
Webb, who makes a delightful team with
the Tivoli soubrette, is excellent as ths
singing girl's brother, and Ferris Hart
man as Prince Pumpernickel, though not
cast to best advantage, gives an exceed
ing clever sketch of the old man. The
ensembles are excellent, the costuming
smart to a degree and the rest of the cast,
as usual, highly effective.
McCormicfc got them to return with-fcim
to the Morgue and they shook the body,
when a perceptible sound, resembling a
long drawn out groan came from the
corpse. Fennel nlaced his hand over the
dead man's heart and found that it was
not cold, although there was no pulsa
tion. Later a mirror was placed over the
mouth, but there was no sign of respira
tion. The conclusion T/as thereupon
reached that the man was really dead,
but no one could account for the groans.
The body remained for some hours -with
out turning colcl.
Corran was a former soldier, about 35
years Of age, and arrived from Manila,
about two wee"ks ago on the transport
Grant. He registered at the International
Hotel on May 1, and started in to drink
extensively. Late Saturday night he be
came ill and Dr. Elliott yras called in.
He found that the man was suffering from
delirium trements and ordered his re
moval to the Emergency hospital. Shortly
before noon yesterday Steward Egbert re
ported to Dr. Bunnell that Corran ' was
dead and the Morgue officials were noti
fied.
They conveyed the body Of Hugh Cor
ran from the Emergency hospital, and
as they were carrying It from the "re
ceiver" to place it on a slab in the Morgue
Fennel said to Murphy, "What are you
grunting at?" and Murphy retorted. "I'm
not grunting; it's evidently that fellow,"
indicating the corpse. They looked into
each -other's faces, dropped the body and
ran upstairs to notify Chief Deputy Mc-
Cormick. They were as pale as ghosts.
Deputy Coroner Jacob Fennel and Mes
senger James Murphy were scared out
of their wits yesterday afternoon.
Body of Former Soldier It
Gives Signs of Life. ':.
While Removing Supposed Dead
OFFICIALS AT MORGUE
STARTLED BY GROANS
Play Is Cleverly Given
Before Big Audience
at California.
- "The Eingln? Girl" begins its ' second
week at the Tivoli to-night, with every
prospect <Jf continued excellent business.
"The Wor'd." a spectacular melodrama,
r/IIl fce the Central Theater's bill this
week. "The World" is one of the kind
of shows upon which th» Central spreads
Itsoir, and will be put on with the/utmost
elaborateness of scenic effects. Many
electrical and mechanical wonders are
promised, and the dmraa provides oppor
tunity for all sorts of p-cenlc splendors.
The plot is of the usual Central sort, with
expkiEiors at sea, insane asylums and the
river r J"hanies fcr local color, and the
«tory concerns it?r-lf with a disinherited
ecri. his elQer brother, heir to the f amtl /
tftlMSons, and the fight of the disinherited
to obtain possession cf the millions.
Rural drama gives place to farce com
edy at the Alcazar Theater i this week,
with "Lost 24 Hours" for the bill. The
play is bright and affords many laughter
producing situs.Uor.E, in which the clever,
company shou'd be *een to much advan
tage "The ErJxton Burglary." one of
the funniest of modern farces, and with
a complex of seaj=r»ns' honorable record in
London and the Cast, will follow. It w!ll
b« one of the events of the Alcazar sea
son.
The Grand Opera-house will have
"ReilJy and the 4W," another sterling
comedy by Edward Harrigan, as bill this
week. The Harrigan engagement is prov
ing a most successful one, and any one
desirous of seeing the older comedian and
older comedy at their best should see
Harrigan in one of his own plays. "Reiliy
and the 400" is a title that happily sug
gests the contents of the play, and Mr.
Harrigan has a character therein that is
one cf his most taking creations. The
support rendered by the house company
will be amply effective and the staging
sufficient and handsome.
To-night at the Columbia Theater the
distinguished actor, John Drew, begins a
two weeks' engagement with "The Second
in Command," the latest effort from the
clever pen of Robert Marshall, author of
"A Royal Family." In the play Mr. Drew
has a part that is said to suit him ad
mirably, that of Major Kit Bingham, who
is "second in command," in love, in war,
in all the various successes that make life
worth living. The famous player will be
well supported, his leading lady. Miss Ida
Conquest, being among the most favored
stage liphts with local audiences. The
play will be staged with the usual hand
someness of the Frohman productions.
Mile. Chester's $10,000 statue dog proved
a marvel of canine cleverness. The dog,
which Is snow white in color, appears
with its mistress in a series of novel btat
ues. It is one of the best acts that has
been seen here in years. Lew Sully, the
popular story teller and parody singer,
kept the patrons of the show laughing
the entire fifteen minutes he held the
boards. The Florenz troupe of wonder
ful acrobats did some amazingly clever
tumbling.
Raymond and Caverly, German come
dians, were exceptionally good. Miss
Julia Heinrich, the proud possessor of
one of the most beautiful contralto
voices ever heard in this city, made her
final appearance on the vaudeville stage.
Miss Heinrich leaves for Europe very
shortly. She rendered "A Summer
Night," "Send Me a Lover, St. Valen
tine," and "Oh, That We Two Were May
ing," in a manner that moved the big
audience to merited applause.
The bill presented at the Orpheum this
week is exceptionally good. The hold
over performers appeared in brand-new
skits, sketches aca novelty turns, which
licigtiiened their popularity. Hilda Thomas
ar.d her partner, ixm Hall, rendered a
highly pleasing musical comedietta,
wnich was fairly studded with laughs
and clever work. In this amusing sketch
Miss Thomas' versatility is given a wide
sway.
James F. Kelly and Dorothy Kent ap
peared in their musical farce entitled
"Ginger Snaps." Their work was out of
the ordinary, and they recorded a hit.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Kelcy essayed what
was termed a "bright travesty," entitled
"... Trial Performance"; but neither the
lines nor . the situations were amusing
enough to show the ability of the clever
team.
riank Mac Vicars was another among
tlu iiiippiiy cast, ana gave a very clever
sketch or tfte Due ae Vigny Volante.
tais proposal as to a menage a trois on
ins ue&iest inend's weading day ajid his
suusequent conversion to a. comparative
mommy— represented by a return to
¦MciitrUe, {suzette or some other Parisian
ijnaeue— are really funny, and would be
Liucn t'ur.nier if the international car
cature were not Quite so iil natured. The
rest of the cast tulliils its not very oner-
CilU duties with satisfaction to the audi
ence and honor to itself. It should not
De forgotten that the women are very
.stunningly gowned and the piece staged
:;anu£omeiy.
>Uss titcne has a good opportunity as
Virginia oiockton, ana ioo&.s very hana-
in her court gowns, bhe played in
a direct, simple fashion that made its
MiarK..
Mr. Neill had the role of Jefferson
Stockton, the Californian millionaire, who
comes to grief through his adventure into
the English aristocracy, and did some
good work in the part, though it is not
by any means his happiest role. As the
aristocraxic scamp. Prince von Halden
v.-aid, Clifford Dempsey does some ad
mirable work. He lias manner, poise and
a good deal of temperament, and his
scenes with Miss Chapman (Mrs. Stock
ton) and her injured husband had both
thrill aiid conviction. Miss Chapman
shout; brightly as Mrs. Stocuton, show
ing her usual tact and charm, as well
as a. more inan common emotional power.
A good house greeted the Neill Com
pany last night at the California The
ater in Bronson Howard's comedy "Aris
tocracy," and gave a well-earned meed
of applause to its good acting. The play
Is a trifle antiquated in atmosphere, the
atric and unreal, but it has its moments.
The strong third act redeems it, and, as
it was done last night, was invested with
both truth and power. The casting of
the play throughout was unusually for
tunate, and was conspicuous for two or
three exceptionally good impersonations.
The first excursion of representative business
men of San Francisco to the San Joaquin Val
ley has accomplished much to bring . about a
closer relationship .between the metropolis and
the interior. The party made seven stops en
route and on every side was greeted most cor
dially and royally entertained. Many, in fact
the majority of the excursionists, had never
before visited this wonderful valley, and espe
c\ally under such favorable conditions. Drives
were taken Into the country and the genial
hosts took especial pains to point out the re
sources of their several localities. Grand are
these resources, the opportunities for profit
able Investment being everywhere apparent
When the world at large has been informed of
what the San Joaquin Valley has to offer th*
people necessary to its proper development win
flock to this garden spot by thousands. The
California promotion committee has undertaken
the proper advertising of this State, with the
co-operation of the Interior, which such excur
sions aid so much in bringing about. The
California promotion committee will arrange
other excursions in the near future. to differ- !
ent parts of the State, as it has been practi
cally demonstrated that they are in the right '
direction.
Walter M. Castle of the promotion com
mittee said: .w
In my opinion the benefits ' to be. derived
from the San Francisco business nfen's ex- '
cursion to the San .Toaquin Valley pities can-' ;
not be overestimated. The exchange; of cour
¦ tesies between the members of the mercantile I
organizations of San Francisco and the, Boards
of Trade and by business men of the valley,
the exchange of business views and the at
tentive consideration of th* requirements of
our friends and next door merchants eloquently |
pointed out to us through the able arguments I
of their orators, cannot fall to produce unquall- !
fledly good results. Aside from all this the fact t
remains thnt San Francisco has shown by.tho I
action of her representative business men a |
spirit of open-handed and i full-hearted sym- ;
pathy with and for, these upbullders of our
magnificent San Joaquin Valley that cannot i
be suitably expressed in words. '
Among other classes of business men
the same sentiments" were expressed.'
PROMOTION COMMITTEE,
—ufus, P. Jennings of the promotion
committee said:
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade said:
The business men's excursion to Bakersfleld
and the upper San Joaquin Valley, under the
auspices of the different commercial organiza
tions of San Francisco, was a success. It
was pleasurable, profitable and educational.
Besides affording the opportunity for an out
ing and relaxation under the most favorable
conditions for men who are usually confined
and burdened with responsibilities it gave
those same men a chance to meet many of
their interior patrons face to face and exchange
friendly greetings, and what la more Impor
tant U gave the business men of the metropolis
of the State a chance to see and learn more
of the State's great resources and possibilities.
Those who went on this excursion and saw
the oil fields of Kern, the orange groves and
prune orchards of Tulare, the rich and varied
resources of Kings, the great raisin vineyards
of Fresno, the wine and orchard and raisin in
dustries of Madera, returned with increased
faith and pride in California, because more
profoundly impressed with its prodigal rich
ness and wonderful possibilities. Their confi
dence in the State of their home could nol
help but be Increased by the scenes of pro
ductiveness that greeted them on every hand.
Confidence inspires enterprise, enterprise be
gets Investment, Investment puts money in cir
culation, leads to the development of latent
resources, gives stimulus to all kinds of busi
ness and makes better timeB for everybody
Such excursions are good things because they
afford the men of business a chance to know
the country on which their business feeds and
I am sure the better San Francisco business
men know California the mo-re confidence they
•will have in their city and their , own Invest-
I ments.
EXCURSION A SUCCESS.
Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, said:
Our excursion has been a remarkable suc
cess and will do a great deal toward cement-
Ing ties of friendship between the country and
the city. Everywhere we received ovations.
The people we visited were heartily glad to
see .us. The only regret expressed was that
our stay was too short and we had to prom
ise to come again and stay longer. The visit
to the country was a revelation to many of
cur party who had not visited the San Joa
quin Valley, and had no idea of its immense
and diversified resources. Millions of dollars
could profitably be invested and thousands of
laborers be employed In developing the indus
tries of the country visited. The people of
Bakersfleld, Portervllle, Vlsalia, Tulare, Han
ford and Fresno view with pleasure the move
ment initiated by the business men of San
Francisco to promote the industry and popu
late the country and will co-operate with us
in the movement. They all believe they live
in the best part of the State, but all are willing
to work lor prosperity of a Greater California.
The benefits that arise from having the
San Franciscans personally acquainted
with the people and the several localities
In the interior having been made manifest
by the San Joaquin Valley trip, the idea
was entertained readily that the same at
tention- that has been paid to one section
of the State was due to others. At the
same meeting it was voted to send to the
communities that entertained* the visitors
on their trip through the San Joaquin
Valley the thanks of the visitors. Lead
ing members of the business men's party
were' interviewed concerning the San Joa
quin excursion.
REPRESENTATIVE MEN SPEAK.
President F. J. Symmes of the Mer
chants' Association said:
Tne merchants' excursion to the San Joa
quin Valley is completed and may be pro
nounced a irasrniflcent success. Never before
has such a body gone forth from San Fran-
I clsco on euch a. mission. The object was en
tirely an unselfish one. It has been profound
ly impressed upon us that the State fe greater
than the city and that the' nobler object of
working for others and building up the Inte
rior is sure to bring -a little later prosperity
directly to o'-r own doors. It was a. pleasant
mission to ko forth to the Interior of the
State and say to the citizens of various cities
and towns that we have twenty-ttve hundred
dollars a month which we intend to devote to
makinjr known to the world the advantages
of California, regardless of. sectional interests.
It was net known that we went out to otter
any such advantages to the interior and yet
our receDtlon «t every point was most cordial
ami sincere. Good men and fair women greet
ed us with fruit and with flowers and with
kind words till we almost felt that we must be
some Eastern or foreign delegation to a Chris
tian conference or a woman's convention. We
learned another lesson, also, that such a jour
ney of the merchants of our city has another
value beyond the stimulation which we feel
was riven to those with whom we came In
contact. We learned to know and enjoy each
other better and made it easier to do another
good and unselfish deed in future.
Vice President Charles Bundschu of the
Merchants' Association said:
The merchants' excursion through the San
Joaquin Valley, Including the carnival at Ba
kersfleld, is an incident to be long remem
bered by all who availed themselves of the
opportunity afforded. With the various im
prossions of the Immense natural resources
and development of this central district of
California, with its good cheer and good fel
lowship, this first exDeriment of a united ef
fort In the direction of practical promotion
must be pronounced an unqualified success. A
congenial body of wide-awake business men
was finally Induced to join the excursion and
the majority considered It a sort of personal
sacrifice or individual concession. But they
received in return more than they had antici
pated. The kind and heartfelt appreciation
of the people we met wherever a short i stop
could be made: the desire that was expressed
in many ways to assist in the promotion of
common interests forcefully reminded the mer
chants of San Francisco that the metropolis
must take U;e lead In establishing friendly
relations between the city and the country.
We tender to all who befriended us ! on our
trip our sincere recognition for the instruction
i and gratification we experienced and enjoyed.
The San Francisco business men who
toured the San Joaquin Valley last week
decided on the homeward journey that a
similar compliment was due to the Sac
ramento Valley. A meeting was called
in one of the cars while the business men
were speeding through Contra Costa
County, at which President F. J. Symmes
of the Merchants' Association presided.
No date was fixed for the tour through
the Sacramento Valley, nor were any de
tails arranged, the proposition being then
entertained for the first time.
Colonel Pippy perceived that an infor
mal reception at the rooms of the league
wouhi be more agreeable to the Gov
ernor than a formal banquet,^ hence the
receptive function was slated. Colonel
Pippy names Wednesday evening at 8:30
o'clock. Every member of the club will
be permitted to invite two guests. The
night is not to be filled with oratory.
There will be but two speeches. Colonel
Pippy will welcome the Governor to the
league and the latter will respond to the
greeting. Introductions will follow and
conversation ensue. ,-j-
It is understood that Governor Gage,
Mayor Schmitz and several others will
be specially invited to attend the recep
tion and meet the Governor of the Empire
State. Colonel E. F. Preston. , Senator
Thomas Flint, E. B. Edson, Dr. Pardee
and Senator W. M. Cutter, well-known
Republican aspirants for the honor of
serving California in the executive chair,
are all members of the league and ent«
tied by right of membership to join in the
greeting. Moreover each one may invite
two of his moat ardent supporters to
attend the function. An informal meet
ing, where one may smoke and talk and
, listen, is Governor Odell's notion of a re
ception, and the club will endeavor to
meet his views.
Governor Odell and party wentto San
Mateo yesterday and remained there for
the night. The Governor will return to
San Francisco this morning.
Governor Odell of New York and Colo
nel George H. Pippy, president of the
Union League, met at the Palace Hotel
yesterday and talked of Innings and out
ings. The Governor announced that he
would leave San Francisco next Thurs
day. He said he would attend E. H. Har
riman's dinner at the Paciilc Union Club
to-night, and indicated that his time Tues
day or Wednesday evening was^at the
call of the Union League Club.
Speeches Are Limited — Gov
ernor Gage and Mayor
Schmitz Invited.
Leading Citizens Tell What
San Joaquin Tcur Has
Taught.
Informal Reception to
Take Place Wednes
day Evening.
City's Business Men Have
Trip to Sacramento
in View.
NEILLS APPEAR
IN ARISTOCRACY
The rest cf the programme was con
tributed by Miss Lillie Levey and Laura
Spiro. At the close of the entertainment
dancing was enjoyed until a late hour.
Miss Celia Celler, a very popular ama
teur, scored a big hit with her songs and
sketches. She gave evidence of being
possessed of talent, and with proper de
velopment she will be able to enter the
professional ranks as a vaudeville artist.
Her parents are opposed to such a course,
but friends are trying to overcome their
objections. The young lady may soon
make her debut.
The entertainment opened with an over
ture by SicheKs orchestra. This was fol
lotved by specialities by Melville Coakley,
a precAcious lad, who gave imitations and
cad other stunts. Little Maud Sharpe and
Queer.Ie Tilton also did some specialties.
\\ alter and Hazel Lyons contributed a
farce entitled "A Pair of Lunatics." They
acted well and were given generous ap
plause.
lit entertainment in Union-square
Hall last evening. A programme of
rare excellence was rendered and greatly
enjoyed by the audience which crowded
the balL Miss Cohen rendered a number
of songs and danced herself into the good
graces of those present.
THERE was a generous outpouring
of friends of Amy Cohen. the*thlld
artist, who was tendered a bene- v
MERCHANTS WILL
EXTEND JOURNEY
UNION LEAGUERS
TO GREET ODELL
PROPHECY REGARDING
PING-PONG FULFILLED
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, luus.
MANY ATTEND BENEFIT
GIVEN TO AMY COHEN
CLEVER AMATEUR WHO
SCORED A HIT AT BENEFIT
ENTERTAINMENT.
7
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
FISCHER'StieaterI
O'Farrvil. bet. Stockton and Powell au.
Telephone Mala 231.
The ~^~ Begins
46th - Th!«
Performance Evening!
WE MAY HAVE TO RUN IT UP TO
—^ONB HUNDRED
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
IN ITS SIXTH WEEK.
And Something New Every Monday Ntgfci.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
AND ONLY 25 CENTS.
Nlffht Prices — 28c and 50c. Children at V»>
. Ineea — 10c.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth AreatHt
VAUDEVILLE EVERT ATTERKOOIf AMD
BVENINO.
WILTON BROTHERS; HOSTS BROTHERS;
THE CUPPER QUARTET: GORMAN AND
KEPPLER; PETCHINO BROTHBM;
GRANT AND GRANT AND NEW MOVDtO
PICTURES. ,
DON'T FAIL. TO SBH
COL. EDWARD BBAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on BartV
ADMISSION. 10c CHXLDRSSt 9m.
- Phone for Beats— Parte ¦ 23.
The Weekly CaB.
AfHEATRE 'AV
TO-NIOHT (MOND.AT) — The Farce-Comedy,
MATINEE
ONE /^V^ j»»*\
I Vj/a 1 SATCRDAT
WEEK I jrM* I
ONLY. \gA*><0) AND
vfa * t GUV SUNDAY.
"Oh! what a tar.Kied web we w«av«.
When flist we purooae to deceive."
PRICES— Even Insrs. 13c. 25c. 33c. 80c. 73o^-
Matinees. 15c, 25c 35c and 50c. AH Reserved.
Next Monday— THE BR1XTON BURGLART.
..TO-N1CH r alL this
• •»• ¦ Vr I'JvJW I 9 WEEK *•••
USUAL BIG HOUSES — Charming Performance
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Company — Predentinjr Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama.
ARISTOCRACY
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY.
25c AND 50c.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY.
25c. 35e. OOc. 75e.
¦ Next — Sunday, May 17,
THE NEILL COMPANY will present Au*u«tl«
/ Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
SEATS THURSDAY. - - >
: _ ¦ <1 *^" 4W39E CiTY itMt -. ¦
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Greatest Melodrama of the Century,
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Sp«o-
tacular Effects Unsurpassed.
First Appearance at This Theater of the Clever
Tounc Actor, JULIUS McVICKER.
Next Friday Evening — Testimonial Benefit to
ANNETTE MARSHALL.
TDTTCv Evenings....' 10c. 15c, 25c. 35c, EOo
iBlvEJ Matinees lCc, 15c. 23a
Next Week— "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
Powell st. r near Market.
two weeks, TO-NinHT f
BEGINNING * vJ-illUIl 1 I
JTXVO MATINEES EACH WEEK.
WEDNESDAYS and SATURDAYS.
CHARLES i-TlOHHAN Presents
JOHN DREW
And Hl» Company,
la HIS GREATEST SUCCESS, Y
THE oECO^D iti COiiiMAND
r> By Robert Marshall.
„ Author of "A Royal Family," etc.
ppifce Evenlntrs, ?2. $1 5O. $1. 73c. 50c. 23c
i IViWEO Matinees, fl 50, $1. TSc. 50c. 23c.
VAUDEVILLE NECTAR! •
Lew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Mile.
Chester's Statue Dog; Kelly and
Kent; Hay mend and Caverly; Hil-
da Thomas and Company; The
Florenz Troupe; The Biograph, and
Last Week of Julia Heinrich.
Reserved Seats. 2?.c; Balcony, 10c: Box
Sea to and Opera Chair*, fife. ?\;.;.-
8 a f
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
AN ENORMOUS HIT SCORED
BY
THE
SINGING GIRL
1 YOU WILL MISS
A GREAT TREAT IF YOU FAIL TO SEE IT.
THURSDAY, MAY 15— MACHINISTS' NIGHT
POPULAR PRICES— 23c, 60-. 7oC.
Telerhone Uu.«h 0.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT tad EV£ .1 ZYE3IM3 THU WSE£
America's Greatest Author-Actor
EDWARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harridan's Clever Spmedy,
"Reiliy and the 490."
One of tha Funniest Plays Ever "Written.
POPULAR PRICES — tOc. 13o. 25c. 50c. TSc.
Good Orchestra S»ata All Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK -"WADDY GOOGAN"
AMUSEMENTS.
advertisements:
A oar-load of Cook Hook*
linn ju«t arrived from Chlcairo
ami they arc ready for dtsirl-
bntlon r.t the business office
of thin paper. AH Call «ub-
Ncribera are entitled to a coity
of till* ifri'At Cook Book at
the premium price of 'fifty
cetilK.
An additional ehnrgre of i.'O
centM to pay expresnasrc will
be required from out of town
¦ubKcribers* ordering by mail.
;|lftiiClotlies
wilJliiplli 5* hl^clM 1 *
4mffaffiMffl? ¦'•'•'' durable and
E»&i ; :: stylish otothine
vxM/fffl/Mtei :ls at a reason-
W"Wfflfa'$mt>' ;i = will nnd our
WWtitfiwffiwk'^ suitings up-to-
'^MW/Mwm.'^ tailoring per-
v W*$m~'tm "" We will
;ii:ii||ji^^a^Mijs;!i; - make you a
||I|m|||| One Dollar-
j*:):j:'r".^ »J ''*y'.f'" -¦'***¦ "" O , WPPlT
'' tftvM and you may
¦ '/¦ £ $%& wear It while
• ¦ p jftk • paying for it.
I SMITH tO.,
128 ELLIS ST.,
above Powell, San Francisco.
FURN1TUBE AND HOUSEHOLD
GOODS ON CREDIT IF • YOU
LIKE. . ..'•.-i
|||M 1 -*
¦ /¦I/Iff* Desirable location, »
I Uluvv unsurpassed cuisine,
. j unequaled ser-
3 fin • y i cc and modern
Mil II conveniences are the
~ ' attributes that have
S? V *& fi n made these two ho-
UiatlU tels popular with
Y» . -s tourists and travcl-
HaTPIC ers WRO Vli i* San
liUlWld Francisco.Numerous Organizations
Shoot at Shell
Mound.
Greatest Battle in- Many Years Is Fought at Recreation Park— Francks
Gets Two Home Runs Over Center but the Last Does Not
County as Dunleavy Scores ginning Tally— Is Baited Freely
OAKLAND TEAM INCREASES ITS LEAD
BY TAKING TWO GAMES FROM ANGELS
MANY EXPERTS
AT THE BUTTS
GARDEN CITY WHEELMEN WIN HUNDRED-MILE RELAY RACE FOR THIRD SUCCESSIVE YEAR
Bluer ocks galore were shattered at
the Ingleside bluerock traps yesterday
in the regular monthly Inanimate target
shoot of the Golden Gate Gun Club.
In the shoot-off of last month's tie be
tween Otto Feudner and C. A. Halght
for the Olympic Gun Club cup Feudner
succeeded in winning by a, score of 43
out of a possible 50. Of his first twenty
flve birds he lost five, and out of hia
second twenty-five he allowed but threa
to remain unbroken. Haight did not
shoot ud to his usual good form. In his
first twenty-five birds he got but eight
een, and in his last twenty-five ha
missed twelve.
Probably the most Interesting event
of the aay was the race for an
other of the Olympic Gun Club's
cups, open only to former mem
bers of the club. The contestants
were handicapped according to their mer
its, and each shot at fifty birds. Neu
stadter and Derby stood at the sixteen
yard mark, Is'auman at the twenty-yard
mark and Haight at the eighteen-yard,
mark. All made 44, and were therefore
tied for the trophy. In the shoot-off
Neustadter won with a score of 23.
In the handicap event Golcher, Nau
man and M. O. Feudner won silver bars.
In the club shoot, which was a twenty
five bird race, the contestants were han
dicapped. The handicaps and the scores
made were as follows:
Twenty-yard handicaps — Fred Feudner 18,
Sweeney 10. Otto Feudner 22, Nauman I*.
Elichteen-yard handicaps — Murdock 19, Slada
20 Edgar Forster 20. Wands 17, Otto Feudner
20, Haight 22, Robinson 19.
Sixteen-yard handicaps — Neustadter 19.
Golcher 2i; Wattles 10. Derby M, McConnell 20.
Fourteen-yard handicap— Gerstl« 17.
In the Olympic cup race each contestant snot
at fifty bluerocks. The scores and handicaps
wore: Neustadter. 16 yards. 44; Golcher. IS
yards. 36; Foster. IS yards, 37; Halght. IS
yards 44; Nauman. 20 yards. 44; Gerstle. 14
yards 34; O. Feudner. 20 yards, 43; Tano, 18
yards. 30; Derby. 1« yards. 44.
In the following thirty-bird handicap race all
the entries shot at their first fifteen birds from
the sixteen-yard mark, and for the second fif
teen they were handicapped according to the
first scores.
Scores made for the sixteen-yard -mark were :
Golcher 14. Xauman 13, F. Feudner 13. Neu
stadter 13. Wands 13, O. Feudner 12. Tano 12.
Slade 12. Derby 12, Klevesahl 12, Murdock 13.
Robertson 12. Halght 11. Sweeney 11. Wattles
12. Williamson 11, Gerstle 8. McConnell ». Ed
Feudner 9, Jensen 5. ,
In shooting at the second fifteen birds the
handicaps allowed and the scores made were
as folows: Golcher, 20 yards. 12; Xauman,
18 yards, 15; Fred Feudner. 18 yards. 13; Nen
stadter, 18 yards, 10; Wanda. 13 yards, 10;
The fast sloop Harpoon will defend the
Ptrpetual Challenge cup in the race
against' the San Francisco Yacht Club'3
Challenger. Yesterday's trial of speed
between Harpoon and Presto settled that.
Harpoon beating Frank Stone's sloop by
7:01 minutes, corrected time, over the
Corinthian course, estimated at fourteen
miles. The two boats were sent across
the line to an excellent start at 12:30 p.
m., and at the Presidio sboal buoy Har
poon had gained five and a half minutes,
rounding it -at 1:10:45, while Presto did
not round it till 1:16:15. Both boats made
short tacks out to the buoy, but Frank
Stone lost at least two or three minutes,
as he did not succeed in rounding the
mark till his third attempt. He had reck
oned on the wind hauling somewhat after
the Fulton Iron Works were passed, but
as this did not happen he lost ground.
Blossom Rock buoy was rounded by Har
poon at 1:26 and by Presto at 1:32, show
ing-Harpoon to hav^ gained six minutes
actual time since the start. The leeward
stakeboat at Southampton shoal was
rounded by Harpoon at 1:43:30 and by
Presto at 1:51, Harpoon being seven and a
half minutes in the lead. As Presto's
time allowance was only 6 minutes 50 sec
onds, the race, barring accidents, was al
ready won by Harpoon. The winner
rounded Presidio shoal buoy for the sec
ond time at 2:54, and Presto rounded It at
3:06. Harpoon finished at 3:09:13, and Pres
to crossed the finishing line off Meiggs
wharf at 3:23:04. Harpoon thus beat Pres
tol3 minutes 51 seconds, actual time, or 7
minutes 1 second corrected time. -
Presto was sailed by Frank . Stone, the
members of his crew being Douglas Ers
kine, J. H. Hopps, George Harrold, L.
McLean and F. E. Schober. Harpoon was
sailed by Fred Russ Cook, • the members
of the crew being -W. H. Toepke, J. H.
Sharpe, Frank Simmen, Fred Myers and
H. T. Frost. There was a fair breeze,
which llghtned somewhat toward the end
of the race, a smooth sea and a full tide.
Harpoon's steering gear met with a mis
hap during the race, but it was soon put
right and caused little loss of time. Har
poon carried a new staysail and main
sail, the latter presented by the Corin
thian Yacht Club. .
The race was watched by a large part
of the Corinthian fleet. The Challenger
was also out in the channel and had a
brush with several of the Corinthian
fleet, it being reported that she was
passed by the sloops Emma, Aeolus and
others.
The details of the race are shown In the
table:
Golden Gate Clubmen Hold
Their Monthly Matches
at Ingleside.
Vessel Will Defend Perpetual
Trophy Against The
Challenger.
Fred Cook's Sloop Beats
Presto by Handsome
Margin.
Defeats C. A. Haisrht for
Olympic Gun Cub ,
Trophy. ;
HARPOON WINS
SECOND RACE
FEUDNER WINS
IN SHOOT-OFF
THREE MEMBERS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO BALL TEAM WHO HAVE
WON THE ADMIRATION OF THE FANS BY THEIR GOOD WORK BOTH
IN THE FIELD. AND WITH THE WILLOW.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Jose
won yesterday for the third successive
time the relay race trophy which the
clubs of the California Associated Cyclists
have been competing for during the past
five years.
The Bay City Wheelmen and the Olym
pic Club Wheelmen each won it once. Un
der the conditions of gift is now becomes
the property of the oarden City Wheel
men. •¦'-;
The race yesterday was conceded to be
between the Garden City Wheelmen and
the Bay City Wheelmen. George Wyman.
representing the latter club on the first
ten-mile reiay, had a tempestuous jour
ney. He ran into a rut soon after the
start, falling and injuring his bicycle. He
hurriedly put it in order, but near the end
of the relay the chain slipped off and he
was again thrown. He lost a minute and
a half at this vital stage of the race.
Carl Limberg of the Garden City Wheel
men landed in San Jose two minutes
ahead of Frank Pearne of the Bay Cities.
The San Jose men gained steadily up to
the eighth relay, where they were five
minutes ahead. J. Hobson of the Bay
Cities gained two minutes for his club on
the ninth relay.
Lace Downing of the Garden Cities, the
fastest amateur on the coast, started the
tenth and last relay with a safe lead. H«
finished three minutes and thirty-six sec
onds ahead of Fred West, the Bay City
rider. *
This cup having been disposed of, Eu
win Mohrig, T. H. B. Varney, Daniel
OCallaghan, J. Holle and Leavitt &
Bill have expressed a desire, to offer a
trophy to take its place and perpetuate
the race. The unofficial returns of the
race follow:
FIRST RELAY.
Larkin and McAllister Streets to Sierra Point.
SECOND RELAY.
Sierra Point to San Mateo.
THIRD RELAY.
San Mateo to Seven-eighths of a Mile North
of Menlo Park.
FOURTH RELAY.
Menlo Park to One Mile South of Mountain
View.
FIFTH RELAY.
Mountain View to Agricultural Hall, San I
Jose.
SIXTH RELAY.
Agricultural Hall to Alum Rock and Jackson
Avenues.
SEVENTH RELAY.
Jackson Avenue to One Mile South of "Warm
Springs.
EIGHTH RELAY.
W«rni Springs to Two Miles North of Cen
terville.
NINTH RELAY.
EnOlnff on the Base of the San 3>andro
Triangle.
TENTH RELAY.
The Base of the Triangle to Central Avenue,
•'••'¦ Alameda.
Tear. Won by— ??.?•» *
1KW— Acme Bicycle Club 5:48:51 2-5
1894— Garden City Wheelmen 6:22:21
jS95 — uay City Wheelmen 4:50:5«
lS»(i — Bay City "Wheelmen 4:50:12
1S97— Bay City Wheelmen 4:4'J:1
18<jb — Bay City Wheelmen 4:05:1.*
ISajj — Olympic Club Wheelmen 4:40:24 2-5
1900 — Garden City Wheelmen 4:51:1b 4-5
1!X)1— Garden City Wheelmen 4;42:30
1902 — Garden City Wheelmen 4:4t:3« 3-5
RESULTS OF RELAY RACES.
Utter Collapse of Arrange
ments for Getting Offi
cial Returns.
Members Make Fastest
Time on Eight of
the Relays.
WINNING TEAM
A STRONG ONE
PARIS, May 11.— In the racing at Long
champs to-day W. K. ¦Vanderbilfs Nettlo
was unplaced in the contest for the prize
Duaru, and -his Flash I failed ¦ to secure a
place in the contest Prix -de Viroflay. .-
Vanderbilt Horses Lose.
PARIS, May 11.— In the bicycle contests
held at the Pare des Princes to-day Tom
Linton, the English cyclist, broke the
world's record for distance covered in one
hour on a bicycle. He rode 71 kilometers
and 995 meters in this time. Robl. the Ger
man cyclist, was two laps behind Linton
and Harry Elkes, the American, was
third.
New Hour Record Established.
Totals '..47 4.7 4 39 18 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..... 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
Base hits 1200 12102011 0—11
San Francisco . . 100000000000 3 4
Base hits 201010. 110000 1— 7
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — Leahy. Two-base hits
Leahy, Hulen. Sacrifice hits — Lawler. Un
glaub. Holly.' First on errors — Sacramento 2.
San Francisco '. 4. First . base on balls Oft
Thomas 3, off Meredith 3. off Whalen 2. Left
on . bases — Sacramento 15, . San Francisco 8
Struck out — By Thomas 6, by Meredith 3.
Hit by pitcher — Wagner. Time, 2:40. Umpire
— McDonald. . Scorer — Rutherford.
Leahy, c 6 2 4 1 7 0 0
McHale, If 6 12 1 3 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 1 " 0 2 15 10
Holly, ss 5 0 00 3 3 0
McNlchols. 2b 5 0 0 0 2 6 0
Lawler, rf .5 0 .0 0 2 0 0
Delmas. cf ..../.... 5 0.0 0 50-0
Meredith, p ..3 0 0 0 0 2 0
Whalen, p... .2 0 00 1 1 0
Totals ..49 1 11 1 39 18 6
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R.BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shugart, 3b 6 0 10 1 5 2
Ponies Defeat the Senators in Sen
sational Contest.
SACRAMENTO, May 11.— The game be
tween the Senators and Ponies to-day was
a hard-fought contest, the score standing
1 to 1 up to the beginning of the thir
teenth inning, when over-anxiousness on
the part of the Sacramentos to win the
game resulted in a bunch of errors that
allowed three of the Ponies to cross the
plate and the game was over. Thomas
pitched thirteen innings of superb ball, al
lowing but seven scattered hits, and it was
through no fault of his that the game
went abroad. Meredith stayed in the
game for seven innings and then retired
in favor of Whalen. Score:
SACRAMENTO. ,
TT ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen. 2b 6 0.20 3 2 0
Doyle, If, rf 7 0 2 1 3 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 10 2 3-0
Rebsamen, cf 6 0 0 0 2 1 1
Graham, c 4 •. 1 1 0103 2
Eagan, • lb 6 0 2 0 14 1 1
Unglaub, ss 5 0 10 3 4 2
Lagomarsino, If 2 00 0 0 00
Thomas, p.... 6 0.1 01 4 0
Wagner, rf 3 0 ' .1 ,0 1. 0 0
THTItTEEN-INNTNG GAME.
Base hits...;.. 4 .1 1.0 0 0 3 2 x— 11
$ '•;-£.'• SUMMARY. •.-,---' -n <& ¦•
.Two-base hits— Streib (2). Lohman, Reilly.
Toman, Householder, Dunlevy. Sacrifice hits —
Walters. Mohler, Francks,' Gorton. First base
on errors — Oakland 4, Los Angeles 2. First
base on called balls— Off Schmidt 1. off Mc-
Partlln 1. Left on bases— Oakland 6, Los An
geles 4. Struck out— By ¦ Schmidt 5, by Mc-
Partlln 1, Hit by pitcher— Raymer. Double
plays— McPartlln to Reilly to McPartlln; Mc-
Partlln to Toman to Hanlon; Mohler to
Francks to Streib. Wild pitch— Schmidt.
Time of game— 1:45. "Umpire— O'Connell.
OAKLAND, May It— Tony Jordan, two
months old, eon of Mr. and Mrs. John
Jordan, residing at 643 Kennedy street,
died suddenly to-day.- No doctor was, in
attendance. The Coroner took charge of
the case. Mfffll
Sudden Death of an Infant.
NEWARK. N. J.. May 11.— At the Valls
burg cycle track to-day Frank L. Kra
mer captured both the half-mile open and
the one mile handicap. In the latter he
made the remarkable record of 1:57 2-3
for the mile, the fastest time ever made
by the winner of a handicap.
Roman Athlete beat Gilmore. 5-1; Homer Boy
beat Sir Pa3ha. 6-1; Game Boy beat Libera
tor, 4-1; Tralee Boy beat Flying Fox 3-2;
Lost Chord beat Santonin. 5-0: Anchor beat
America. 4-1; Rector beat Roy Hughie. 8-0.
Third round — Palo Alto beat Roman Athleta.
3-2; Homer Boy beat Anchor. 3-0; Rector beat
Game Boy, 3-0; Tralee Boy beat Lost Chord,
3-2.
Fourth round — Honvr Boy beat Palo Alto.
2-1; Rector beat Tralee Toy. 5-2.
Deciding course — Rector beat Homer Boy,
3-0.
Cycler Cramer's Remarkable Mile.
The game at Recreation Park was a
wonder. It was the greatest game in the
history of the present league and 8000 peo
ple who revel in the sound of the merry
base hit adorned the stands and bleachers
and lined up against the fences to pass out
a few bundles of shouts for, the favorites.
Everything that goes to make baseball
worth seeing was scattered among those
nine fierce innings. Double plays, home
runs, fast fielding, glaring "errors and ex
citing base running, were exploded ! at
short intervals, and all combined had the
immense crowd verging on the hysteria
stage. ...
Buck Francks, whom everybody knows
and everybody likes, was the main guy of
the performance. He walloped the ball
over the fence on two occasions, and' did
the swellest- kind of -work at short.
Though he made two- homers, Francks Is
credited with but one in the score.-, The
last was . made at the end of the game
when Dunlevy was on' : first.' When
Dun. scored the' game was over; and
Francks' four-cushion swipe counted for
naught. However, the fans will remem
ber, that he did the turn. and will not for
get him the next time he. toed the scratch.
The Angels made their two in the initial
round. Toman benefited by Cristall's gen
erosity and walked to first. Raymer
forced him at second and Householder
drove one to Mohler, who threw badly to
Francks and . both runners were safe.
Reilly drove a stiff, single, out to center
field and Walters let it pass him. Great
excitement prevaled when Raymer - and'
Householder ambled home, but Reilly was
caught at the plate in the mixup.
Oakland did its first run-getting stunt in
the third in a. peculiar maze of mixups
'and mishaps and unaided by a single safe
hit. Francks got a ¦ chance on Toman's
error. Gorton bunted and reached first on
Jones' misplay. Cristall -hit to Jones;. who
threw to catch Francks at. third.' There
was a general bustle in trying to catch
the wily 'Buck, who finally escaped and
reached the plate in safety. Gorton, how
ever, was out, for both he and Francks
touched the third sack at the same time,
and somebody had to suffer, so it I was up
to Gorton to bear. .the loss. :
¦Both pitchers did magnificent work.- No
Both contests went to Ewijig fairly and
squarely. Not a bit too fairly in the
afternoon, for he was bunkoed out of
one run by a close decision at the plate.
Jack O'Connell is human, just like every
umpire, and those who saw the play for
gave him when Oakland won out because
they were the better horses. The score in
the morning was 7 to 4 and in the after
noon 3 to 2.
Cal Ewing and nothing but cha
grin and remorse to one Morley. The ban
ner of mighty Oakland waved on high and
also on the low down, while the would-be
champs from the sunny south looked like
a lot of foolish youths who tried to rush
a bargain counter.
THE 'beautiful summer weather
which invaded both the Oakland
grounds and Recreation Park
yesterday brought happiness to J.
The annual tournament for the cham
pionship of Northern California will be
played at Sacramento, commencing to
morrow. The final matches will be played
on Friday. The entry list is already the
largest ever known in that part of the
State. There will be three events— men's
singles, men's doubles and women's
doubles. All the towns of the northern
part of the State will be represented. The
greatest rivalry exists between Sacra
mento, Woodland and Penryn.
Griffin and i Janes beat Lielach ¦ and Cum
mlnB6, 6 — 4, 6 — 2: Webster and Black beat
Reading and Jackson, 6 — 2; Dickinson and
Grifnn beat Bates and Tbierbault, 4 — 6, 9 — 7,
6 — 3. 6 — 3. In elngles Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap, two of the best players in the park,
furnished by far the best match. Each won a
set, the score standing C — 4, 4 — 6. Black beat
Whittle, 6—3. «— 2. and La Garde, 6 — i.
The park courts are more popular than
ever, and many players were unable to
get a court to play on yesterday. At
present there are ten courts, but twice
that number would hardly accommodate
the players who assemble on Sundays.
Following are some of the matches
played: , .
Dr. Noble and A. Worthington beat Bull and
Daily, 1— «, 6—2, 8—6. 7—5; Collier and Smith
O'Brien beat Frank Strinsham and George
Whipple, 6—4, 7—5, 6—4; J. G. Gibson Jr. and
Beyfuss beat Gorham and Cutler, 11 — 0, 9—7.
A. Mel rose beat Dr. Noble, 6 — 3, 6 — 2;
Harry Gorham beat Leonard Cutler. 6—1, and
Jack GibRon, 0 — 0: Charles Kuehn beat Gib
son, 14—12; Ralph Stubbs beat Leonard
Wood, 8— «, 4— «, 6—4; Harry Rolfe beat Alec
Beyfuss, C — 4 5 — 7, 6 — 3, and Al Kenyon, 6 — '2,
4 — 3; Joe Daily beat Kenyon, 0 — 1, 6 — 3.
In doubles the matches resulted as fol
lows:
Some fast matches were played on the
California Club courts yesterday. Most of
the cracks were absent, but the lower
class men were out in force. H. W.
Crowell and W. B. Collier, the veteran
team, had their hands full when they
took on Orville Pratt and Sherwood Ad
ams. The latter hardly class with their
opponents as a doubles team, but Collier
and Crowell had to play their best to win
from the youngsters. The losers played a
dashing game at the net, but their op
ponents were too steady for them, and
finally *von out after two close sets. The
score was 7—5, 6 — 4. Drummond MacGavin
was in fine form and won three straight
sets from his father. The latter has
played only a few times in the last year
and could do nothing with the swift
ground strokes of his son. The score was
6—0, 6— L 4—1. MacGavin Sr. plays a
graceful game, but is unable to cover the
court like the younger men. Crowell is
showing more improvement at present
than any of the other cracks and is now
well up In the first class. He beat Collier
rather easily yesterday, the score being
6—1, 7—5, 3 — 4. Up to a month ago Crowell
rarely won from Collier, but lately he has
been taking him into camp without much
difficulty.
In singles the following, matches were
played:
Played. Wen. Lost Pet.
Oakland 27 17 10 .CW
Los Angeles 29 16 ' 13 .652
San Francisco ... 28 14 14 .500
Sacramento 20 3 18 .308
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Youngsters Put Up Hard
Fight Against Vet
eran Team.
-.Palo- Alto showed- in great form and
looked a likely candidate for first" honors.
In the fourth round, however, after lead
ing Homer Boy, it hesitated Just long
enough to allow the Boy to pick up the
game. Palo Alto's backers tore up tickets
that called for three to win one.
Sacramento Boy was beaten in the first
round by Gilmore at 1 to 6 in a fluky
course. . ;
Following are the day's results, wlt,h
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake: Second round— A. Vander
whlte's Lear Kins beat A. J. Ernst's Rich
Argosy, 7-2; P. J. Horgan's Musket beat Chl
alrini Bros." White Hat. 4-2; E. Reddy's Full
Moon beat H. L. Meharry's Roxana. 11-8; P.
M. Clarkson's Golden Garter beat E. Geary's
Little Jim. 5-2; E. Geary's Fenii beat F. A.
McComb's Otto, 6-1; J. Kegan's Menlo Prince
a bye; Aeneld Kennels' Fine Fire beat T.
Mahcr's Bad Boy. 4-2: J. H. Bishop's Argyle
beat Pasha Kennels' - May Hempstead. 3-2; C.
O. Peterson's Haphazard j bent >V. Johnson's
Articulate. .4-2; O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat
J.:F. Rogers' Glaucus, 5-0; J. Carroll's Cas
cade beat P. M. s Clarkson's • Flower of Gold.
3-2 ; F. Jones' Tyrone Prince beat F. C.
Mack's Delia M, 4-1; E. Geary's Fair Oaks
beat J. W. Fahey's October Lad. 4-0; A.
Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald beat J. Seg
gerson's Gold - Hill. 3-2; E. Geary's Bonnie
Hughie beat T. Jotter's Little May. 4-1; J.
Hurley's 8ugarcane beat D. J. Healey's For
Glory. 7-5.
- Third round — Musket beat Lear King i 6-4;
Full: Moon a bye; Fenii -beat Menlo Prince.
2-1; Argyle beat Fine Fire, 4-0; Haphazard
beat Miss Wilson, 3-0; Tyrone Prince beat
Cascade. 4-0; Fair Oaks beat Flora* McDonald.
4-2; Sugarcane beat Bonnie Hughie. 4-3.
• Fourth round — Musket beat Full Moon. 2-Ot-
Fenll beat Argyle. 4-3; • Haphazard beat Ty
rone Prince. 3-2; Fair - Oaks beat Sugarcane,
5-0. . ¦¦¦¦> ¦ • . ' ¦ . t
.Fifth round— Musket beat; Fenii, 3-1; Hap
hfarard heat Fair . Oaks, * 8-7. - • •
Deciding course— Musket beat Haphazard,
4-0.. . / •-•
Special stake : First round — A. R. Curtis'
Narcissus beat E. deary's Ruby Sankey, 7-2;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat T.-J, Cronln's Van
dal, 8-0; Pasha Kennels' * Roman Athlete beat
F.: Jones' Harlean Gladys, 5-0; C. G. Whal
lon's Gilmore beat D. Walsh's Sacramento
Boy. 3-1; G, 8harman's Sir Pasha beat J. L.
Ross' I Loyal ' Lad, . 7-1 ; O. Zahl* a Homer Boy
beat C. O. '. Peterson's Silver Cloud, 10-0; P.
Doyle's Liberator beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist. 8-0; J. L. Ross' • Game Boy a bye; T. J.
Cronin's Tralee . Boy , beat Pasha Kennels' |
Rural Artist, 4-2: A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox
beat Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers. 4-0; A.
R, Curtis' Lost Chord' beat Chiarlnl Bros.'
Dewdrop, 7-6; Chiarlnl Bros.' Santonin beat
J. L. Ross' Fontenoy, 3-2; A. R. Curtis'
Anchor, beat J. - Dempsey's Jingle Bella, 3-0;
E.-, Geary's . Roy Hughle i beat • G. Sharman's :
Little Sister. 5-2; : E. Geary's America beat
Pasha ' Kennels', Rocker. 4-3; 'A. ¦ R. Curtis'
Rector beat E. Geary'" • Ireland, ¦ 5-2. ' . ' ;
.- Second round— Palo Alto beat Narcissus. 6-1:
A. R. Curtis' Rector won the stake,
beating Homer Boy in the final by a score
oi 3 to 0.
The special stake resulted in great
coursing. The talent figured wisely in this
event and called all but four of the
courses.
P. J. Horgan's young greyhound Musket
took first honors in the open stake at Un
ion Park yesterday. Musket is by Magnet-
Manila and is nineteen months old. When
it is considered that this is Musket's first
time out its performance will be recorded
as . a sensational one. The young dog
went through the stake like a campaigner
and made an almost incredible showing
against its more experienced and seasoned
opponents. Form players found it an ex
pensive indulgence to place their money
against the newcomer's chances. In its
five, courses Musket was quoted four
times on the short end and once at even
'money.
White Hat. a 1 to 5 choice, was Mus
ket's first victim. Then followed Lear
King at 3 to 5. Full Moon at even, Fenii
at 1 to 3 and Haphazard at 3 to 5.
Musket led every hound it met, and
closed its clever performance by winning
the final without allowing Its opponent to
score.
The Rev. Mr. Leavitt said in the course
of his sermon: "To-day many of the
United Commercial Travelers are present
and I may not have a chance of speaking
to them again, therefore I would wish to
remind them of the influence they wield
especially on those with whom they come
in contact in the country, the towns and
the hamlets. They set the style which .s
followed by the young men of the places
they visit, therefore they are in influence.
I would say this to you gentlemen: On
your travels you have a chance to make
the country better, for you are looked ap
to by the country people. Your stories
and your methods, good or bad, are lis
tened to and are watched and copied from
one end of the country to the other and
therefore, it is essential that your acts be
upright on your journeys throughout the
land.
The Grand Council of California of the
United Commercial Travelers of America,
in response to an invitation of the Rev.
Bradford Leavitt, attended the First Uni
tarian Church. Franklin and Geary
streets, yesterday morning.
Bradford leavitt as to De
meanor on Journeys.
Iiisiten to Counsel . From tlie Rsv.
COMMEBCIAI. TRAVELERS
HEAR PROFOTTND SERMON"
Young Hound Wins
Stake Honors at Its
First Trial.
MUSKET PROVES
A FAST COURSER
O. Feudner, IS yards, 12; Tano, IS yards, 12;
Slade. 18 yards. 11; Darby, 18 yards. 10; Kleve
oahl. 18 yards. 13; Murdock. 18 yards, 9; Rob
ertson. 18 yards. 13; Halght. 16 yards. 15;
Sweeney. 16 yards, 10; Wattles. 16 yards. H;
Williamson, 16 yards. 11; Gerstle, 14 yards.
2; McConnell. 14 yards. 12; Ed Feudner. 14
yards, 11; Jensen. 14 yards, 9.
In the foregoing event Nauman won first
with a total of 28, Otto Feudner second with
27 and W. J. Golcher, Fred Feudner and C. A.
Haight tied for third with scores of 26.
' *•¦: )'''.: AB.RJ BH. SB. PO. A. E.
•Walters, c. ; t . . . '. 4 . 1 1 ; 0 • 4 00
Mohler. 2b. 3 0 .0" 0 ?0 3. 0
Streib, lb....... 31 2 1 ' 11 . 0 1
Lohman, c. ......... 4 1 2 tt 1 5 0 0
Devereaux, *3b...;... '4 -1 2 0-- 2 1 0
Dunlevy. 1. f .. .'...:. 4 ' - 2. ¦•' 1 0 ' 0 0 1
Francks, »., s..'.....:3 0 -1 ; » 0 2 CO
Gorton, r.f. .'.. '3-0 -Oi.-O 3 0 :.O :
Schmidt, p.......... 4 1 : -2 -0 0 2 0
Totals '.'.....„... 32- 7 11 .1-27 12/ 2
' . LOS ' ANGELES. . • . / . ,
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, b. s... ...... 4. 1 1 0 1 .7 -I
Slagle. 1. f .....3 0.0-0 2 0 0
Raymer, 2b. ...32 1 . ; 0 '.-': S 3 0
Householder, c. t.... 4 1 3 0 0 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 2. 1
Anderson.: r. f.. ..... 4 •••0 0-0. 0 0' 1
Roach, c. ..:...-..... 4 . 0 0 . i'O 4 0 0
Hanlon, lb ..4 0 0 10 1 0
McPartlln, • p. ..3-00 0 3 • 3 .1
Totals .. ...... ...32., 4 ,6 0 24" 16. 4
.'RUNS AND. HITS BY .' INNINGS.'
Los Angeles;;:;'. ''OV0 • 2 " <K 0 tO'.'.'o. o' 2— 4
Base hits.. .... 1 : 1 2 0 0 . 0 . 0 0 2-^-6
Oakland ........ 4 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 x— 7
OAKLAND.
Los Angeles 'made some 'costly errors
which helped in their downfall,' one of An
derson's in the' first "•¦¦ being j particularly
critical . for, them. . Schmidt did ". a clever
and fancy, maneuver In the, first by throw
ing out a runner at second when it looked
as though he was about to /have a balk
called on him; < The score:
The ; Oakland team had its ; crowd ; with
them in the morning- fracas across the
water and landed on the offerings of old
•Slowball McPartlln at the outset and bat
ted In four runs. Schmidt was a puzzle to
the Angels and had them guessing nearly
all' the time.- . '. V
McPABTLIN HIT HARD.
Home run — Francks. Two-base hits — Hanni
van. Sacrifice hits — Gorton, Jones, Toman.
First base on errors— Oakland 2. Los Angeles
2. First base on called balls— Oft Cristair 3,
off Jones 3. Left on bases— Oakland 4, Los
Angeles 3. Struck out — By Cristall 1, by Jonea
2. Double plays— Mohler to Francks to Streib;
Cristall to Mohler to Streib. "Wild pitch —
Cristall. Time of game— One hour and flfty
flve minutes. . Umpire— O'Connell: .. '
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles ......2 0 0 0 0 0.0 0 0—2
Base hits .: 1 1 11 1.0.0 10—6
Oakland .0 0 1 0 0 0 10 1— S
Base hits ...0 0 0.0 0 2 2 1 2—7
Totals ..........29 2 '. 6 -. 0 »26 10 2
•Two out when winning run was "scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 3 0 0 0 ; 2 2.1
Hannivan, If 4 0 1 0'4 0 0
Raymer, 2b 4 1.003 50
Householder, cf .... 3 1 0 0^2 .1 0
Reilly, 3b 4 0 2 0 3 3 0
Anderson, c 3 0 1. 03 3 0
Roach, rf ..../ 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb ...'% 0 1 0 7 1 0
Jones, p ..; .201 02 1 .1
, AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, cf 3 0 1 0 . 0 0 1
Mohler, 2b .: 4 0 0 .0 5 5 1
Streib. lb 2 0 0 0 .12 0 0
Lohman. c 3 0 10 1 1 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 0'0::0 2 0
Dunleavy. If 4 1 111 1 0
Francks, ss ..3 2 2 ' 0 ;4 6 0
Gorton, rf 2 0 10 3 2 0
CrlEtall, p ..... 3 0 1 0 J. 2_ _°.
Totals'... ..28 ~3 7. 1.27 18 2
LOS ANGELES. "
OAKLAND.
Both Cristall and Jones pitched in grand
form, not a hit being made off the former
till the sixth. Cristall kept all his safe
ties scattered and never did he allow more
than one in a single round. Mohler played
his usual brilliant game around second
and Hannivan showed up fast in left field.
Reilly also accepted some hard chances at
third and was the only one among the
Angels to make more than one hit. His
first safe crack brought in the only tallies
for Morley. The score:
more scoring was done until the seventh,
when Francks made himself a. great man
by lifting a sky-scraper over center field
fence. This tied the score. In the last
agony when two were out and the fans
looked wise and said it was good for about
'steen innings, Dunlevy drove . a pretty
single into right and Francks ended his
day's brilliant work by shooting it over
the left center field fence for the home
run he was buffaloed out of.
The close decision happened in the sixth,
with two gone to the benches. Walters
had singled over second and Streib had
taken four bad ones, when old Peter lined
out a beauty to center field. Walters
made a fine slide at the plate and was ap
parently, safe before Anderson • received
Householder's throw, which was a sort of
a gold brick. OlConnell did not see Wal
ters touch the plate and Anderson put the
ball on him after he was In, so the umpire
called the runner out. .. :
TENNIS CRACKS
IN GOOD FORM
Shell Mound Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
bullseye shoot — A. Nlehaus 26%. F. Schullerts
34, L. Siebe 35. J. Cobby 37U, W. Siebe 49. H.
Puckhaber 49*4. J. RIngen 53%, W. Kenney 65,
A. Ramm 81. A. Poulsen 91, Dr. Burt Roche
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rifle — Gold medal, J. F. '. Bridges
219, 221; J. Kullmann 214, 219. 213, 208;. H.
Hlnkel 206, 216. 203, 204. 200; G. Tammeyer
215; silver medal, A. Thode 166; handicap, M.
F. Blasse 211, 215, 213, 206; GHndemann
trophy, M. F. Blasse 211. ,
Revolver — Silver medal, J. W. Tompklns 80,
71. 73, 75, 77, 79, 75, 71, 78. 89, S3; handicap,
J. R. Trego 84, 75, 79, 84. 83; H. Hinkel 80,
82; J. E. Gorman 93, 95, 94; pistol, J. E. Gor
man 95.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, highest score,
August Pape 448; champion class medal, Her
man Huber 412; first class, not filled; second
class, August Jungblut 405; third class, Henry
Tietjen 35«; fourth class, A. Goetje 364; best
first shot, F. Brandt 25; best last shot, Herman
Huber 25.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot — L. N. Ritzau 202, J. Gefken 38(5,
F. P. Schuster 514, William Doell 745. F. Koch
940, H Huber 946. F. C. Rust 980, O. Lemcke
1002. G Schulz 1195. D. Heiee 1197, D. Sal
field 1229.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
Shell Mound rifle range- attracted . a
large number of shooting enthusins Li
yesterday. Varying winds and uncertain
light precluded the possibility of any
record breaking, but the scores were
very good en the whole. The day's events
were confined to the regular monthly
medal contests of the Independent Rilles,
Germania Schuetzen Club, Battery D,
First Artillery, National Guard of Cali
fornia; Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club,
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein and
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club. The
results of last week's bullseye shoot of
tin Shell Mound Ritle and Pistol Club
were also announced.
The day's scores follow:
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
Lieutenant H. Kchlichtmann 37, Sergeant G.
Mitchell as. Sergeant C. Andrews 40, C.
Granz ."IG. B. Hilken 32, Corporal J. Peck 25,
Lieutenant H. Hansen 11. C. Schneider 27, b.
Lawler 6.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, H. Huber, ?JH;
second champion class, R. Stettin, U07; first
class, J. D. Heife, 219; second clasp, D. Salneld,
L'lXj: third class, J. Beuttler, 185; best first
ehot, H. Huber, 25; best last shot. Otto Ure
mer, 25. '
Geimania Club competition shoot — D. 13.
Faktor 72, H. Huber 71, J. D. Heise 71, C.
Pape 70, A. Gehret 70, F. J. Schuster 0V>,
Otto Bremer CO, A. Jungblut «7. Trophy shoot
— A. Pa.ie 1*27, H. Hubeer 21U, A. Gehret 214.
J. D. Heise 212, V. B. Faktor 210, L. N.
Kitzau 200. •
Battery A. First Artillery. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot:
Day's Events Are Confined
to Monthly Medal
Contests.
8
D
:r a:
Lt
L'B.
Actual
Time. Hiding
Time.
Me
W
be
es;
br<
aid. G
¦oetz,
p., C.C
;an, E
an, O
vlous
G. C.
s.
ti
c
W..
r.w.
ie cv
. 28:
9:37:00 27:00
9:3S:00 28:00
9:35:00 28:00
9:3S:30 28:30 .
9:38:45 28:45
er this relay — Gail Har-
)S. 1S96.
R
)E1
I Actual
Time. Riding
; Time.
T,
A
C.
A
K
r
c
L
jlmas
irl. C
>ngr. 1
!rg, <
arney
s, G.<
Z.C.C
B.C.T
OAV.
IT. S.I
CL"B
VV.".
F.V
R'
.1 10:05:00 28:00
. 10:06:00 28:00
. 10:06:30 2S:00
. 10:09:00 30:15
. 10:09:30 31:30
B
time
over this relay — Tony
r.. 26:
i:23, 1S98.
iER
CLUB.
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
B
n
3
H
I
es, G.C
ean. B.
aughlin
at. O.W
x>ck, S.
. 10:31:15 26:15
. 10:33:30 27:00
t. 10:34:38 28:38
. 10:39:49 30:49
. 10:49:00 39:30
i over this relay — E. P.
nes. <
:06. 1899.
V> ., *iO.'
>ER .
AM
CL
'JJ,
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
Marty
\ Du'
ilcNu
10:59:00 27:45
11:01:00 27:30
{ 11:04:30 30:08
CV I
vc
he
l •• i
over this relay — L«ouli
0. 1899.
*IDER AND
CLUB.
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
;. 1/mberg, <
*". Pearne, B.
Z. E. Bergma
J. Cushman,
I. Williamso:
Best previo
G
!.C
an
S
3D,
5U
J.CW. ..
aw
ti, C.C.C.
J.F.W...
i. O.W..
is time
. 11:21:00 1-5 22:00 1-5
. 11:23:00 4-5 22:00 4-5
. H:2S:00 3-5 23:30 3-0
. 11:30:00 23:30
. 11:30:00 1-5 23:27 1-5
over this relay — J. E.
iVing. G. C. "
V.. 23:30
9. 1901.
RIDER
I AXI
CLXTB
| Actual
i Time. Hiding
I Time.
3. Dow
3. New
U E. C
U Mey
CV. Lan
rains.
rilfton
>ere, 5
ne. O. 1
(
]
1.
G.<
B.<
c
'.F
V.
c.w.
:.c.c.
11:49:30 28:29 4-1
11:52:50 29:49 1-8
11:58:58 «0:57 2-1
12:00:55 30:55
12:01:10 31:09 4-t
Bert
prevlc
i tlmt
over this relay — Burton
IK. G.
27
:10. 1901.
Actual
RIDER AJTD CLUB. Time. Riding
Time.
A- Cameron. G.C.W.. 12:23:30 34:00
J.P.Eim'nds Jr., B.C.W 12:27 30 34:40
IL Bent, O.W, 12:35:20 34:10
J. TVllliams, C.C.C 12:35:31 36:33
O. Malech, S.F.W 32:37:40 36:45
Best previous time over this relay — H. D.
Bean. B. C. "W.. 28:04 3-5. 1900.
Actual
RIDER AND CLUB. Time. Riding
Time.
Homer Laine. G.C.W. 12:54 30:30
E. A. Rusac. B.C.W.. 12:59 31:30
W. 6treet, O.W 1:06:30 31:10
W. Hambach. C.C.C 1:06:30 30-69
A. Robert*, S.F.TV 1:03:00 31:20
Best previous time over this relay — A. P
fcsacon, R. A. G, 27:10, 1897.
RIDER AXD CLUB. Time. Riding-
Time.
3. B. Waetie. O.C.W. 1:24:43 30:43
r. Hobson, B.C.W 1:27:05 28-05
W. Brown. C.C.C 1:37:02 30-32
K. T. Smith. O.W 1:37:05 30:35
V. B. Borree, S.F.W.. 1:40:02 39:53
Best previous time over this relay— Eml'
Jlbrecht. B. C. W.. 29:10 1895.
IIDER AND CLUB
Time,
Actual
RldJngr
Time.
Uace Downing. G.C.W. 1:54:37 3-5 30:54 3-5
RYed West. B.C.W 1:58:13 3-5 31:08
SV. Lucio. O.TV 2:07:06 30:01
E. A. Mitchell. C.C.C 2:07:06 30:04
M Knox. S.F.W 2:10:05 30:03
Best previous time over this relay — Lae«
3owalns. G. C. W.. 1801.
1 YARDS.
yAMES - t ssrsarps:
Captain F. A. Nippert 23 15 10
Lieutenant "tt\ A. Varner..' 23 15 10
Lieutenant J. A. Eason 19 22 20
Corporal C. J. O'Connor 10 12 8
Corporal D. G Schloss 22 10 19
Corporal H. C. Schwinn 11 17 11
H. H. Hildebrand 1* 18 4
O. H. Jensen 9 9 21
M. C. Bose 0 4 2
L. Guerin 24 18 2
F. F. Brown 17 21 10
W. M. Clark 15 0 2
¦tt\ A. Rantz 18 17 9
G. H. Smith 25 20 6
E. Sablatschan 14 » 13
J. Hayes ' 2 4 7
G. K. Johnston 21 14 10
R. C. Anderson 17 21 7
N. TV. Jones 14 15 9
C. A. Morris 0 4 5
A. C. Lien 12 6 4
SECOND RACE BETWEEN PRESTO AND HARPOON. .
~ " ' : i Sailing : i '
TACHT. Length, Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
Feet. Time. Time. Time. Time.
YACHT.
H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S.
Harpoon ..T. 32. 8T 12:30:00 S:09:13 2:39:13 2:39:13
Presto 28.00 12:30:00 3:23:04 2:53:04 2:40:14
The event was in charge of the regatta committee, E.
and T. J. Kavanaugh. - -
B
Learning, P.
J. Martinstei
1 YARDS.
yAMES - t ssrsarps:
Captain F. A. Nippert 23 15 10
Lieutenant "tt\ A. Varner..' 23 15 10
Lieutenant J. A. Eason 19 22 20
Corporal C. J. O'Connor 10 12 8
Corporal D. G Schloss 22 10 19
Corporal H. C. Schwinn 11 17 11
H. H. Hildebrand 1* 18 4
O. H. Jensen 9 9 21
M. C. Bose 0 4 2
L. Guerin 24 18 2
F. F. Brown 17 21 10
W. M. Clark 15 0 2
¦tt\ A. Rantz 18 17 9
G. H. Smith 25 20 6
E. Sablatschan 14 » 13
J. Hayes ' 2 4 7
G. K. Johnston 21 14 10
R. C. Anderson 17 21 7
N. TV. Jones 14 15 9
C. A. Morris 0 4 5
A. C. Lien 12 6 4
SECOND RACE BETWEEN PRESTO AND HARPOON. .
~ " ' : i Sailing : i '
TACHT. Length, Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
Feet. Time. Time. Time. Time.
YACHT.
H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S.
Harpoon ..T. 32. 8T 12:30:00 S:09:13 2:39:13 2:39:13
Presto 28.00 12:30:00 3:23:04 2:53:04 2:40:14
The event was in charge of the regatta committee, E.
and T. J. Kavanaugh. - -
B
Learning, P.
J. Martinstei
D
:r a:
Lt
L'B.
Actual
Time. Hiding
Time.
Me
W
be
es;
br<
aid. G
¦oetz,
p., C.C
;an, E
an, O
vlous
G. C.
s.
ti
c
W..
r.w.
ie cv
. 28:
9:37:00 27:00
9:3S:00 28:00
9:35:00 28:00
9:3S:30 28:30 .
9:38:45 28:45
er this relay — Gail Har-
)S. 1S96.
R
)E1
I Actual
Time. Riding
; Time.
T,
A
C.
A
K
r
c
L
jlmas
irl. C
>ngr. 1
!rg, <
arney
s, G.<
Z.C.C
B.C.T
OAV.
IT. S.I
CL"B
VV.".
F.V
R'
.1 10:05:00 28:00
. 10:06:00 28:00
. 10:06:30 2S:00
. 10:09:00 30:15
. 10:09:30 31:30
B
time
over this relay — Tony
r.. 26:
i:23, 1S98.
iER
CLUB.
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
B
n
3
H
I
es, G.C
ean. B.
aughlin
at. O.W
x>ck, S.
. 10:31:15 26:15
. 10:33:30 27:00
t. 10:34:38 28:38
. 10:39:49 30:49
. 10:49:00 39:30
i over this relay — E. P.
nes. <
:06. 1899.
V> ., *iO.'
>ER .
AM
CL
'JJ,
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
Marty
\ Du'
ilcNu
10:59:00 27:45
11:01:00 27:30
{ 11:04:30 30:08
CV I
vc
he
l •• i
over this relay — L«ouli
0. 1899.
*IDER AND
CLUB.
Actual
Time. Riding
Time.
;. 1/mberg, <
*". Pearne, B.
Z. E. Bergma
J. Cushman,
I. Williamso:
Best previo
G
!.C
an
S
3D,
5U
J.CW. ..
aw
ti, C.C.C.
J.F.W...
i. O.W..
is time
. 11:21:00 1-5 22:00 1-5
. 11:23:00 4-5 22:00 4-5
. H:2S:00 3-5 23:30 3-0
. 11:30:00 23:30
. 11:30:00 1-5 23:27 1-5
over this relay — J. E.
iVing. G. C. "
V.. 23:30
9. 1901.
RIDER
I AXI
CLXTB
| Actual
i Time. Hiding
I Time.
3. Dow
3. New
U E. C
U Mey
CV. Lan
rains.
rilfton
>ere, 5
ne. O. 1
(
]
1.
G.<
B.<
c
'.F
V.
c.w.
:.c.c.
11:49:30 28:29 4-1
11:52:50 29:49 1-8
11:58:58 «0:57 2-1
12:00:55 30:55
12:01:10 31:09 4-t
Bert
prevlc
i tlmt
over this relay — Burton
IK. G.
27
:10. 1901.
Actual
RIDER AJTD CLUB. Time. Riding
Time.
A- Cameron. G.C.W.. 12:23:30 34:00
J.P.Eim'nds Jr., B.C.W 12:27 30 34:40
IL Bent, O.W, 12:35:20 34:10
J. TVllliams, C.C.C 12:35:31 36:33
O. Malech, S.F.W 32:37:40 36:45
Best previous time over this relay — H. D.
Bean. B. C. "W.. 28:04 3-5. 1900.
Actual
RIDER AND CLUB. Time. Riding
Time.
Homer Laine. G.C.W. 12:54 30:30
E. A. Rusac. B.C.W.. 12:59 31:30
W. 6treet, O.W 1:06:30 31:10
W. Hambach. C.C.C 1:06:30 30-69
A. Robert*, S.F.TV 1:03:00 31:20
Best previous time over this relay — A. P
fcsacon, R. A. G, 27:10, 1897.
RIDER AXD CLUB. Time. Riding-
Time.
3. B. Waetie. O.C.W. 1:24:43 30:43
r. Hobson, B.C.W 1:27:05 28-05
W. Brown. C.C.C 1:37:02 30-32
K. T. Smith. O.W 1:37:05 30:35
V. B. Borree, S.F.W.. 1:40:02 39:53
Best previous time over this relay— Eml'
Jlbrecht. B. C. W.. 29:10 1895.
IIDER AND CLUB
Time,
Actual
RldJngr
Time.
Uace Downing. G.C.W. 1:54:37 3-5 30:54 3-5
RYed West. B.C.W 1:58:13 3-5 31:08
SV. Lucio. O.TV 2:07:06 30:01
E. A. Mitchell. C.C.C 2:07:06 30:04
M Knox. S.F.W 2:10:05 30:03
Best previous time over this relay — Lae«
3owalns. G. C. W.. 1801.
An additional charge of SO
centd to pay , expr ensagre trill
be required f rout on t of tovrn
subscribers ordering- by mail.
A car-load' of . Cook Books
ha* Jnnt arrived from Chicago
and they are ready" for distri-
bution at the business \ office
of this paper. All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to it copy
of this erent ' Cook: Boole at
the premium price A of fifty-
cents. ¦
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
I The World's S
I Cure for
1 IMMEDIATELY
1 UPON
ARISING
I DrinR One-Half
a Tumblerful of
I Hunyadl J&ios
I , Natural Laxative Mineral Water.
H When buying S>e sure
H stnd . ash fox*
Hunyadi JANOS
| (FULL NAME). y
1 If you asK simply for
| Hunyadi "Water you.
I may be imposed upon.ROME, May 11.— Thirteen persons were
killed in a landslide at Marola, province
of Emila,- to-day.
Thirteen Killed in a Landslide.
.WAITER'S . NOSE i- Thomas
Leonard, a waiter at" th« City and County
Hospital; .*' was found . on ¦ the water front yes
terday .morning with 'his noee .broken ... and
otherwise from sundry ; cuts, bruises
and abrasions. •, He was -taken' to -the Central
Emergency ; Hospital for • treatment. - Leonard
was ¦ intoxicated when the injuries were re
: --f ? celved.^;:.\'.; ¦•¦>¦ p : i^3^S^^^gU&
ARRIVED.
Sunday, May 11.
Stmr John S. Klmball. Thwlnj. 80 hours
from Seattle.
¦ Stmr Gualala. Weber. 11 hours from Bowens
Landln;.
Schr Mary C. CamDbell. 10 hours from Bo
de-a.
Schr Una. Harking, 15 days from Port Blake
ley.
Schr Balnbrldge, Baumann, 0 daya from Port
Blakely.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELT- Arrived May 11— Bchr
Soquel.from San Pedro.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
100-yard race— A. Young, first; second, C.
Sundburg. ,Tub race — C. Sundburg, first,"
second, E. : Hanson; third, .W. Conroy.
Spring board diving— W. Conroy, first;
second. E. Hcinze. Fifty-yard race— W.
Stockton, first; C. Sundburg. ' second;. E.
Kelnze,, third. High diving— W. Stockton,
first; seco/fll. C. Sundburg. - \
The results of the aquatic contests at
Siitro Baths yesterday were as. follows:
Eutro Bath Races.'
' The Mission Turn Vereln, assisted by
lta singing section, gave its annual pic
nic, yesterday at Glen Park, Sunny«lde.
Games were'played and races were run,
but the chief amusement of the outing
was the bowling contests for prizes.
The committee who had charge consisted
of C. F. Sperling. F. W. Crone and J.
Schaefer.
Picnic at Glen Park.
The Knights of the , Red Branch gave a
"sacred song service" in aid of the organ
fund of. the Welsh- church at their 'hall,
1132 Mission street, last night: The con
cert was an excellent one and was given'
under the direction of Mrs. Brace.' The
programme as rendered was: " ; v
Congregation, "All Hail the Power"; trio,
selected, the Mleses Pierce; solo, : "Awake, -Ye
Sons of ¦ Light and- Glory" (Randeggar), Mrs.
George Norton; duet, "The Lord Is My Shep
herd" (Smart). Misses ; Florence ! Perkins and
Mabel Gordon; solo, . "The Better Land".
(Cowen) Miss Florence -Perkins; congregation,
"How Firm a Foundation": solo, selected*
Robert . Hughes; trio, i "Lift Thine Eyes"
(Ellgh). Misses Perkins and Gordon and. Mrs.,
Urace; solo, "The Golden Pathway'.' (Grey),
Miss Mabel. Gordon; quartet. "Come, Hply
Spirit" (Buck), Miss . Perkins,*.: Mrs. -Brace,
Messrs. Gordon' and Hughes; congregation,
"Come. Thou Almighty King";' solo, ¦•"Ave
Maria" • (Millard). -'. Mrs.'' K. - Raymond ' Brace;
quartet, selected; song, ''Just . For To-Day,"
Owen John Williams; trio, selected, the 'Misses
Pierce ; remarks by • Hugh J. : Lloyd ; off ertdry,
.'.'The Lost Chord," Miss 'Margaret Davies;
trio, "Savior, Brenthe>an Eventnc Blessing.".
I Misses ; Perkins and Gordon and | Mrs. . Gordon;
congregation. ; 'Onward, Christian ; Soldiers."
Interesting Programme at
: Their Hall.
Knights ,of ,th« Red. Branch Have an
The beach- afforded an outing to many,
but the crowd was small compared to that
In the park. A keen west wind was blow-
Ing.
The largest crowd that the park has aeen
this season thronged Its numerous ..wind
ing ways and occupied every seat around
the music stand yesterday. The weather
was perfect. '.
- Leader Stelndorff of the Park Band de
livered a fine programme, the march com
posed by: Mayor Schmitz bringing forth
such tumultuous applause that an encore
was in order.
IMMENSE CROWD THRONGS r
. , WINDING, WAYS OF PARK
GIVE SACRED SONG SERVICE j
IN AID . OF THEIR CHURCH
PORTLAND, Or.; May 11.— About 8
o'clock this evening a longshoreman
known a3 "Cockney George" was shot
and instantly killed by a man named
James Williams. The men had* been
drinking together and a quarrel waa
started over the question of supper. "Wil
liams, becoming angry, went into a room
adjoining that in which the quarrel oc
curred, and getting possession of a rifle,
returned and shot "Cockney George"
through the heart. Williams escaped,
but as he is well known, his arrest will
probably soon be made.
Drunken Quarrel Ends in Murder.
SAN RAFAEL, May H.— The Ukiah ex
press train on the California Northwest
ern Railroad wag attacked by a few in
toxicated persons near Schuetzen Park
this afternoon. They threw stones
through the car windows, causing much
damage and injury to the passengers. The
train Is not scheduled to stop at Schuet
zen Park, but on account of a junction
with the North Shore Railroad must stop
at the crossing. Just as It approached the
platform of Schuetzen a number of hood
lums waved to the engineer to stop, and
as he paid no attention to the signal they
showered him with stones.
Shower Stones at a Train.
Owing to a break In the cable, the cars
on the McAllister-street line were stopped
last night. The break occurred early in
the evening and was occasioned by a col
lision between a car, which a grlpman was
running into the car house, and a bumper.
The strain on the wire rope proved so
great that It parted, and the citizens re
siding In the vicinity of McAllister street
had the pleasure of walking to and from
their homes. '. ', „ „, .... i
At the corner of Polk and McAllister
streets, where the car men were engaged
in removing a kink from the Mf»Aim4er
street cable, a very peculiar accident hap
pened. The men were using a crowbar
In tearing up the Iron rails that guard the
cable. They were using the bar as a
lever and were . placing considerable
weight upon it. In some manner the Iron
bar was suddenly released from the ten
sion and was hurled through a plate
glass window of a nearby store.
Citizens Enjoy a Walk in the Moon
light To and From Their
Homes. :
broken cable stops ) .
McAllister street cars
St.- Domlnic'8 Church was crowded last
evening, when the Rev. Father J. L.
O'Neil delivered another of his lectures in
connection with "The Retreat for Men,"
conducted under the auspices of the Holy
Name Society, established in St. Dom
inic's Church.
The Rev. Father Pius Murphy and
"many other of the clergy were present.
The object of the retreat has been to
offer extraordinary opportunities for hear
ing the word of God, for worthily receiv
ing the sacraments and for advancing
the Apostolate of the Holy Name/of
Jesus. . • '•"".'•'
For eight evenings Father O'Neil has
addressed ¦''. congregations, which have
been larsr* and devout. - * , '
Last evening the special exercises and
series of lectures were brought to a close.
They commenced with a solemn reception
to the Holy Name Society, followed by
the discourse, "Be thou faithful unto
death." '
The Rev. Father O'Neil Said that • it
was essential to lay a foundation of
strength in re^glon, not such a, one that
was temporary, but one that must be
lasting. He besought his hearers to fol
low righteous lives and in every sense
clean and circumspect lives. Men, he
said, should avoid all vain amusements,
idle conversations and useless reading
and apply themselves earnestly to the
great affair of. 'their eternal salvation.
Only God knew how near we were to
eternity, and those who have at any time
led others to sin, said the lecturer, should
repair the past by leading others to God.
The series of addresses has been attend
ed with marked success and the dis
courses have been delivered before many
hundreds of men and youths. , -'.-¦
The resolution was adopted by a unani
mous, vote, and a committee will take
charge of the matter.. .^- ¦-.-;;« :'-
'The stars and ' stripes monument In the
church known as Holy Trinity of the Mlnorles,
London, ' England, bears the Washington arms
— the eagle and the stars and stripes — and the
tlve-pointed stars and red stripes are presumed
to have suggested the design lor the American
flag and. since this monument marks the
burial . place of Elizabeth Washington, s of the
family-from which George Washington 'directly
descended,- ' its maintenance is of deep Interest
to "tho Sons of ( the American Revolution, and
it should be most carefully safeguarded. Rev.
James F. Marr, rector of the parish, has writ
ten that an annual expenditure of $250 Is neces
sary for the maintenance of the monument and
the accommodation of American visitors to the
church. ' and has also announced that the co
operation of the Sons will be gladly, accepted.
Therefore, be , It : -. .-../.
Resolved, That the president be and hereby Is
requested to appoint a committee of three on
the stars and stripes monument, with full
power to .act.; who?e duty It shall be to in
quire into the conditions of church and monu
ment and who shall, If the inquiry proves sat
isfactory, arrange for subscriptions from the
.State societies- to the aggregate amount of
$250, with ¦ the understanding that the money,
•will be forwarded to Rev. ¦ J. F. ¦ Marr, or the
church authorities, for use in the maintenance
of ; the monument and the accommodation of
American visitors to the church.
Some time ago William M. Bunker, past
president of the California Society, while
In London, visited a church known as
Holy Trinity of the Mlnorles. > He was
shown a marble slab, about 3x6 feet In
dimension, erected to the memory of
Elizabeth, niece of Lawrence Washing
ton, the latter an ancestor of George
Washington, and surmounting this slab
he saw a shield on which are the Wash
ington arms, the eagle and the stars and
stripes, the origin of the American flag.
It bears the five-pointed stars and the
broad stripes which gave the. idea for the
flag of the United States. He concluded
that what he designated as the "stard
and stripes monument" ought to be pre
served by the American people, and par
ticularly by the Sons of the American
Revolution, so at the session. of the con
gress named he Introduced a resolution
in the following words, after having
made a patriotic, address:.. .
Colonel A. S. Hubbard of the San Fran
cisco Society of the Sons of the American
Revolution received a detailed account
of the session of the congress of the dif
ferent societies held at Washington. D.
C, on the last day of April. From this
it appears that California has again come
patriotically to the front. It was in Cali
fornia that the first society of sons of
heroes of the Revolutionary War waa
started ;. it was California that first start
ed the association outside the'llmlts of the
State, and now It lsCalifornia that is first
in a movement to preserve an historical
monument in a foreign land.
His Series of Discourses
Meet With Hearty
Response.
Original Design of Flag
Is Found in Old Eng
lish'Church.
AMERICAN SHRINE
ACROSS THE SEA
H. A. Butler and R. E. Thurman, presi
dent and secretary, respectively, of the
District Council of Carpenters and Join
ers, which owes allegiance to. the Build
ing Trades Council, prepared an answer
last night to. the statement issued Satur
day night by the new District Council of
Carpenters and Joiners pertaining to the
dispute that exists between the two or
ganizations.
It is asserted In the answer that the al
legations made In the statement of the
new District Council 'to the effect that P.
!H. McCarthy had ihe constitution of the
Building Trades Council changed in order
to disrupt the brotherhood of the State
are false. It Is also asserted that the con
stitution of the Building Trades Council
was misquoted in the new council's state-
Mr. Butler and Mr. Thurman In their
answer declare that Union No. 1082 and
also the new Council of Carpenters and
Joiners exist in direct violation of the
general constitution. It is emphatically
denied in the answer that P. H. McCar
thy is responsible for the existing trouble
or that he Is using his position to ad
vance his political Interests.
Building Trades Replies to
Rival Organization.
Council of Carpenters Affiliated With
NEW YORK. May 1L— Rear Admiral
Barker, commandant of the Brooklyn
navy yard, said to-day that he had re
ceived orders to get the converted cruiser
Dixie ready for sea at the earliest possi
ble moment, but that no orders for sail
ing had been received and he had not been
informed officially that she was going to
St. Pierre. It will not be possible to get
the Dixie ready before Tuesday, perhaps
not until Wednesday. The vessel, which
returned last Friday from a ten months'
cruise with a crew of apprentices and
landsmen, Is in command of Captain
Berry.
DIXIE SOON TO BE READY.
PARIS, May 12.— The Gaulois, referring
to the vote of $100,000 by the United States
Congress for the aid of the Martinique
sufferers and the sending of an American
cruiser to the island, says: "Of all friend
ly manifestations, the most brilliant and
the most touching are certainly those of
the United States. The great people be
yond the ocean have again proved that
feelings of humanity and generosity ara
among, the noble qualities upon which
they pride themselves. This fine exam
ple of human solidarity touches us pro
foundly and we are happy to note It in
this unforgettable circumstance."
GRATEFUL TO AMERICA.
ANSWER IS MADE TO
MCCARTHY'S OPPONENTS
IRVINGTON. May 11.— Anderson's
Academy will observe its Arbor day on
the 17th, inst. This will be to the academy
what commencement days are to other
educational - institutions. There will be
an address by Dr. George C. Pardee and
a flag unfurled from the pole erected by
the alumni of Anderson's to the memory
of two Oakland boys, members of the class
of '96, who fell victims to the Spanish
War. The graduating class will plant its
tree with appropriate ceremonies, making
the day unique among events of tho
kind.
UNIQUE CEREMONIES
FOR COMMENCEMENT
FATHER O'NEIL'S
LECTURES END
SACRAMENTO, May 11.— The third
annual street fair will open to
i morrow and continue throughout
the ' week. Queen Fay, will as
' cend her throne for the first time
to-morrow night, attended by her maids
of honor and courtiers. It is expected
that the spectacle will be a brilliant one.
On Tuesday she will appear with . her
maids in the floral: parade, which.- will be .
the greatest event of the week.V^
. C. M. Goethe, Lord Chamberlain to '
the Queen, by power of the authority
conferred upon him by her Gracious -
Majesty f Fay I, Queen of the Carnival
and sovereign of Sacramento and tribu
tary provinces, has commissioned the
following officers and attendants upon
her Majesty: Prime Minister, John V.
Powers; courtiers— P. A. Woods, Bert
The street fair buildings and . decora
tions have been completed, and,, lighted
by electricity, they present a truly daz
zlinp picture. The classic architecture of
the State Capitol has been carried out In
the arches and the columns which bor
der the streets, and the idea has been
to make the effect agree with the Cap
itol, the grounds of which are immedi
ately next to the street fair structure.
A large number of visitors arrived by
the various trains into Sacramento to
night, and It is expected that by Tuesday
there will be many c thousands of strang
ers here. ;~','2r-.'
Austin, Fred Biewener, Cluness Goethe,
Bernard 1 Wiseman; crown bearer to the
Queen, Anna Weinrich; pages— Edward
Cook, Traver Goethe; heralds— J. P. Still
waugh, A. Albert; guards— Albert Smith,
Frank Brown; attendant to Lord High
Chamberlain, Leo Fletcher. ¦ . i
PRINCIPAL ATTENDANT TO* QUEEN;. FAT, WHO WILL* FOR THE
FIRST.TIME; TO-NIGHT,: ASCEND HER THRONE AND RULE OVER
THE BIG STREET FAIR AT SACRAMENTO.
It being" the second Sunday in the
month, the members of the Gentlemen's
Sodality of the Immaculate Conception
of the Blessed Virgin Mary assembled in
their chapel yesterday morning, and went
from there In a body to receive holy
communion at St. Ignatius Church.
This society, which was established in
1861, has now grown so large (the Gen
tlemen's Sodality now numbering over
750 and the Ladies' about 1200) that it i3
the intention to very soon remove from
the present quarters. The . sodalities pro
pose to amalgamate and erect a build
ing at a cost of something like J75.C00
on the lot adjoining St. Ignatius Church,
the funds being raised by subscription
from the members of the combined so
cieties.
. The libraries of the two sodalities will
then be merged into one, giving them
over 20,000 volumes.
The officers of the club are: J. R. Kel
ley, prefect; Mr. Fltzpatrick, first as
sistant prefect; Mr. Coulson, second as
sistant prefect; Mr. Digman, treasurer;
Mr. Welbank, librarian; Mr. Pope, sec
retary, and Mr. Fenton, assistant secre
tary. >
The Rev. Father Hickey is the spirit
ual adviser of the sodality.
Cost of Many Thousands of
Dollars.
Society Will Erect New Quarters st.
GENTLEMEN'S SODALITY
TAKES HOLY COMMUNION
WASHINGTON, May 11.— Because it
may seem to condemn the friars the Pope
is opposing the proposal of the .United
States that he authorize the sale of
churchy lands in the Philippines. This is
the real obstacle in the way of the pur
chase by this Government of property
owned by the clerical orders.
When Governor Taft vislt3 the Vatican
he will suggest the appointment of a
mixed American and church commission
to appraise the lands, the price they agree
upon to be paid by this Government. Up
to this time the church has shown a de
cided unwillingness to part with Its prop
erty. An investigation made by Arch
bishop Chapelle showed him, it 13 stated.,
that but a small percentage of the friars
were guilty of excesses and that they
were for the most part upright, honorable
men. He opposed any action that would
tend to give the impression of condemning
the friars, and his views have been
adopted by the Pope. Nevertheless, It la
necessary in the interest of good order,
the authorities here say. that the friars
should not return to the Philippines. Gov
ernor Taft's mission to ,the Vatican is a
most delicate one. and the President and
Secretary Root will be highly gratified If
it meets with success. -
POPE IS NOT WILLING
TO SELL CHUKCHI LANDS
The fire probably originated because of
a defective electric .wire, but the exact
cause will never be known. The powdered
dust arising from the wood-worKing ma
chines coated the interior of the old build
ing and exploded with the first contact
of flames. The entire building was blaz
ing before the alarm, could be given. A
train of cars partly loaded with boxes,
standing In front of the building and the
otflce, situated a hundred feet distant,
were almost instantly on fire, together
with scores of towering lumber piles.
It was the closely >plled lumber 'and the
compact bundles of box material which
caused the fire to last so many hours. A
number of larger piles of lumber have
blazed fiercely all day and are lighting the
town to-night. There was not a. breath
of wind, and although many houses were
scorched on Main street and several
caught fire, no losses occurred except to
the lumber company. More than a million
feet of lumber was saved, although many
of the piles destroyed were but a few feet
distant. The flames rose vertically to a
height of 200 feet and were seen at Clarks
Station, Nev., ninety miles distant. A
dozen times the town seemed doomed, but
there was an abundance of water and the
men fought as only those can who fight
for their homes. .
The loss is certainly $200,000. It is be
lieved the insurance was $20,000, but the
policies are in the San Francisco office of
the company. To-morrow morning the
company will commence rebuilding. Con
tracts had been made in advance for mil
lions of feet of boxes and millwork and
it is believed the new factory will be run
ning next month.
TRUCKEE, May 11.— Six acres in the
central portion of Truckee were a raging
mass of flames for seven or eight hours
this morning. The extensive box factory
and planing mill of the Truckee Lumber
Company, around which the town was
orisinally built, was totally destroyed and
with it went the office with everything
it contained and a number of warehouses
and dryhouses filled with boxes,, seasoned
lumber, glass, windows, doors and build
ing material. One million feet of lumber
piled on both sides of the river waa also
destroyed. ' .
Rodden had been asked by a friend,
who was suddenly ordered out on an
overland train as fireman, to get his
jumper and overalls and bring them,
down to the train. The fireman friend
did not have time to go home and get
his garments, and Rodden agreed
to do this for him and to meet
the overland train at the land end of the
mole, so that the fireman might have
them on his trip. This Rodden did, meet
lng'the overland train a few minutes be
fore 7 o'clock. The overland slowed
down so that Rodden could hand the
bundle of clothes to the fireman. Rod
den passed up the garments, said good
by, got his thanks and,<etepped back on
another track aa the heavy overland
train began to pick up its speed. As he
stepped backward he stepped directly in
front of the Alameda local and was
ground to death under Its wheels.
Rodden was 40 years of age, and leaves
a wife and four children living at 1687
Eighth street. Engineer Smith of the
Alameda local says that Rodden stepped
back from the overland train almo3t di
rectly in front of his engine, apparently
not thinking that the Alameda track was
bo close to where he was stepping, and
as the train was very near him It was
impossible to stop.
James Rodden, an employe of the
Southern Pacific Company at the West
Oakland yards, was struck and instant
ly killed by the Alameda local train at
7 o'clock this evening while trying to do
a small favor for a fellow employe of the
company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, May 11.
Delivers a Bundle to a Friend
and Steps in Front
of an Engine.
Millions of Feet of Lumber
and Big Planing Mills
Are Destroyed!.
road Train.
James Rodden Meets His
Death Under a Rail-
Flames Sweep Over Six
Acres in Center of
the Town.
TRUCKEE FIRE
LOSS IS HEAVY
KILLED WHILE
DOING A FAVOR
AIRSHIP BEARS
THEM TO DEATH
Explosion of Sevros'
. Machine Kills Two
Aeronauts.
Serious Accident Occurs Dur
ing Experiments in
. i Paris.
PARIS, May. 12.— The airship belonging
to Senor Auguste Sevros, the Brazilian
aeronaut, made an ascension this morn
ing. The airship exploded and Sevros and
one of his assistants who was on board
were killed.
Senor Sevros' airship, called La Paix,'
had made two ascensions at the Vaugar
arsa Aero station since May 4. Upon both
occasions La Paix was held by a rope at
the height of forty metres. In this posi
tion the airship maneuvered for a short
time successfully. . ; -. * .. •, •"•• .
La Paix was not unlike Santos Dumonfs
airships In appearance, but it differed
from them in many details. The. gas
capacity of La Paix was nearly four times
greater than that' of Santos Dumonf a
balloons. It had three . main propellers
and two smaller ones, used for steering
and in ascending and descending.
The two petroleum motors of La Paix
were of twenty-four and sixteen, horse
power, respectively. After the , ascension
of May 4 Senor Sevros said he would not
make another trial -until there was per
fectly fair weather, and that he would
then attempt to, extend his flight. Upon
this occasion Seoor. Seyros and; two as
sistants went up in the airship. - , . -
Auguste Sevros has occupied himself
with the problem of air-flying - for more
than twenty years. In 1881 he carried' out
some interesting steerage kite ' experi-.
ments in Brazil. . In 1884 he, constructed a
large steerable balloon, but the results
with this were not satisfactory. Sevros
was at one time deputy -'and president o*
the budget committee In the Parliament
at Rio de Janeiro. He ; was born abdut'
forty years ago. , • •¦ ¦.
SOUTHERN WOMAN OWNS
IiARGE - PICKLE WORKS
Mrs. E. G. Kldd, owner of the -well
known "pin money" pickle works of Rich
mond, Virginia, arrived at the ' California
Hotel yesterday, having attended, the re
cent convention of Women's Clubs in Ix>s
Angeles. . - : * .' '
Mrs Kldd is prominent in business cir
cles in the South. During the civil war
her husband fought for the Confederacy,
and his fortune was swept away. His
wife went to work ana sold pickles of her
own manufacture for "pin money." « She
became so successful that she now con
trols a large force of employes and some
time ago purchased -the estate that her
husband, lost through the civil war.
JOYOUS CUBANS
WELCOME PALMA
President - Elect of the
Republic Arrives
in Havana.
Citizens Honor the
' Executive.
Thousands of Enthusiastic
(HAVANA, May 11.— At 7:30 o'clock this
morning a large Cuban flag was hoisted
over Morro Castle here, a signal that the
steamer Julia, with President-elect Palma
and his party on board, had been sighted.
Cheers went up from the thousands who
had awaited the Julia's arrival since day
break — cheers for the new President and
for the flag which was hoisted over the
famous fortress for the first time.
It was a moment of exultation for the
Cubans, and the fact that the Stars and
Stripes floated from its customary flag
staff beside the Cuban flag over the castle
did not lessen their enthusiasm.
A great fleet of vessels that had gone
out to escort the Julia in returned two
hours later. As the Julia entered the har
bor bands stationed along the water front
played the Cuban national hymn, steam
ers saluted continually, there were cheers
from the crowded wharves and church
bells were rung. The procession entered
between rows of decorated tugs and
barges. The several warships In the har
bor also were decorated. Near by the
Stars and Stripes floated over the wreck
of the Maine, and under this flag
streamed a black • and white pennant,
placed there by the Cuban commission in
charge of the festivities.
At the wharf the President-elect was
welcomed by Vice President Esteve and
Senora Durce, each delivering a brief ad
dress. A feature here was twenty- three
youngr Cuban women dressed in costumes
representing the American republics.
Later the President-elect was escorted
by members of the Rural Guard to the
palace, where he was received by Gov
ernor General Wood. From here the
President-elect proceeded to the Munici
pal Council building, where speeches were
made by the Mayor of Havana and Senor
Zayas. The latter welcomed Senor Palma
in behalf of the people of all classes and
all political beliefs.
Replying, Senor Palma said that his re
ception was a gratifying experience, and
judging from, what he had seen since his
arrival in Cuba the people were unani
mous in support of the incoming govern
ment. This, he said, boded well for tho
republic. General Wood accompanied
Senor Palma to the residence of General
Maximo Gomez, where he will reside un
til his inauguration, May 20.
A breakfast was given by the Municipal
Council in honor of the President-elect,
and in the evening a dinner was tendered
him, General Wood and General Gomez
and other prominent Cubans being pres
ent at the latter function. Mrs. Estrada
Palma will be welcomed officially when
ehe arrives from New Tork to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO PRESENTS A PRETTY
PICTURE IN HER HOLIDAY GARB
Queen Fay Will Ascend Her Throne for the Firsy
Time ' To-Night- Attended by Her Maids of
Honor and Goiirtiers, :and Will Welcome Guests
DOES NOT LOOK
FOR SETTLEMENT
London Times Gives the
Detaiis of the Peace
Negotiations.
Fears the Election in Buray
Will Greatly Influence
tho Boers.
LONDON. May 12.— The Times this
morning relates the course of the peace
negotiations as follows:
"On the receipt of the Dutch correspond
ence intimating; that Great Britain was
ready to listen to proposals from the
Boers in the field, acting President of the
Transvaal Schalkburger came to the
British lines and asked permission to con
sult with Steyn, former President of the
Orange Free State. This led to the Boer
delegates going to Pretoria. Their first
proposal to Lord Kitchener and Lord Mil
ner, the British High Commlsisoner In
South Africa, was that the republics
should merely concede all the demands
made by Great Britain regarding the fran
chise, etc., before the war.
"The British Government, in reply, re
ferred them to the Middleburg conference
as the maximum of possible concessions,
and refused permission to the Boers to
consult their friends in Europe. Eventu
ally, while refusing an armistice. Lord
Kitchener undertook not to molest the
burghers while they were actually hold
ing meetings with the commandoes to
authorize the leaders to negotiate on the
basis of the surrender of Independence,
but they were told it was useless to re
turn to Pretoria without being armed
with full powers to negotiate.
"Schalkburger assented to this, but
Bteyn's a<»quiescence seemed doubtful.
"Mail advices received from Pretoria,"
continues the Times, "declare that Lords
Kitchener and Milner promised generous
compensation for burned farms, raised no
difficulty with regard to the question of
amnesty for rebels, and did not present
insuperable difficulties."
The Times in an editorial on this mat
ter is not hopeful that peace -will be the
outcome of such negotiations and fears
that the result of the election of a mem
ber of Parliament for Buray, Lancashire,
will Influence the Boers to further resist
ance.
Arrested for Burglary.
John Stafford, 19 years of age, was ar
rested last night at his residence, 228 First
street, by Officers Tillman, Herlihy and
Cavanaugh on a charge of burglary. He
•was Identified by Mrs. Upstein as one of
the burglars whom she saw break into
her husband's eecond-hand store at 538
Mission street yesterday afternoon. The
officers who made the arrest found a bag
of burglar's tools in Stafford's house.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
9
A Benefit
if it teaches you that
Better health
Greater strength
Keener brain
come from
Grape=Nuts
Try the change arid "cut out" 'meat for breakfast.
Our word for it you will feel "Fit as a Lord" in a week's time
by breakfasting on Grape-Nuts and cream, a little fruit and per-
haps one or two soft eggs.
If you ever try this experiment you will always bless the day
of high beef that waked you up.
There's a reason why Grape-Nuts furnishes power to the body
and brain. The food contains selected parts of the field grains
that furnish phosphate of potash in a natural state that can be
assimilated by the human body ; this joins with the afbumen of
food and forms the soft filling of the brain and nerve centers.
Feed skillfully and you can "do things."
The greatest brain workers in America eat Grape-Nuts.
Ask one or two, they'll tell you.
You meat eaters who are ailing in any sort^of way might take
a valuable hint from the following statement of Chief Chemist
Wiley, of the Agricultural Department, in the Daily Press, from
which we give the following extracts: —
. *
"There is no doubt of the fact that meat-eating is not essential to hitman life
and that men can be well nourished without resorting to a flesh diet.
"I think the statement may be accepted without question that, as a rule, we eat
too much, not only of meat, but of all forms of food. The question of limiting the diet
is based primarily not ori/thc principle of economy,' but on the requirements of hygiene.
"At the early breakfasts which Americans are wont, to indulge ini that is, a-
hearty meal before going to their daily work, the omission off meat is tobe earnestly
odvi*>cd.
*' It is well known that men who are nourished very extensively oh certain cereals
arc capable of the hardest and most enduring labor. Meats are quickly digested, fur-
nish an abundance of energy soon after consumption, but are not retained in .the
digestive organism long enough to sustain permanent muscular exertion."
You will feel the Energy of Grape-Nuts longer than any msal
of meat.
Remember Grape-Nuts food costs about one cent" per meal for
each person and all grocers sell it.^ .
; Made at pur: food factories of Postum Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
GRAPE-NUTS.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, M|NDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
10
CLAIRVOYANTS Continued/
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
- palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. -148 6th, r. 14.
25c— SPECIAL, one- week. PROF. MILES,
clairvoyant, palmist. 1010 Mission, nr. 6th.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by malL 125 TudC st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmistry;
truth or no pay,; 25c up. 1149 Mission st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. JENNIE REYNOLDS, life reader, late
} of Los Angeles, is now at 1008% Market st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
liig. works, 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphclster-
ing.1213 Market, bet.8th&9th;teI.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OEFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
S* TO LET.^^^^
REAR house of 5 sunny rooms; rent reason-
able; call forenoon. 4220 24th st, nr. Castro.
DENTISTS. N " •'
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up ; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; "office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. -THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate; — The Whalebone — cannot -break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50o;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor.. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk, st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. ! ;
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st. . •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsot-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch st., bet. 7th and 8th.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHO^Tc5 r^ECrRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st. S. F.;'
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 In April; kills book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl- j
ness College, 1236 Market st. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by official court reporters.
1382 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining i
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or. any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ?¦
A — $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market St.. pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses ; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hal L .i
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TASR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
- modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell at.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term -shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH, French, etc. Prof. DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;eEtab'dlS71 ;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
"by taking 20 lessons, 60c lesson. 1484 Market
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual ln-i
struct Ion ; Pitman system ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.' 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher.. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutt*r;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce — Furnish mest"
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516. ,
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501. v^ v,
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 vears.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay..
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A — YOUNG Swedish woman wishes to cook for
a number of men; references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st ¦£
A— SWEDISH housegirl ; good cook: city or
country; refs. MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED American woman desires work
by the day; thoroughly competent; will do.
most anything; strong and willing; good
worker. 827 Howard St.. up 1 flight of stairs,
room 10.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or oook
for men. Call 68 to 76 Ellis at, room 131,
between 1 and 4 p. m.
PROTESTANT woman, neat housekeeper,
wishes light housework In private family;
steady end reliable; salary reasonable. Ad-
dress box 1768, Call offlce.
RESPECTABLE girl wants place In • small
family; plain. cooking: wages from $12 to $16;-
references. 1022 Larkin st.
GERMAN . woman wants work by the day at
washing or cleaning. Call 1018 Howard st,
top floor. '¦--. : .r*.
MIDDLE-AGED .lady wants position to • do
kitchen^ work; 'a good cook; no cards an-'
swered. 819 Minna st. - .
BY ¦ lady of experience to accompany family
at springs and- care of Invalid or children;
wages no object. Address 2939% Clay st.
SITUATION wanted by lady . Just graduated
from a! leading business college? to do offlce
work or assist bookkeeping. Box 813, ' Call.
WO_ AN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress and house cleaner; thoroughly under-
stands general housework; good city refer-
ences. .2216% Flllmore st.
YOUNG -woman wants washing or . chamber-
work In rooming-house. MRS. D., 845 Mis-'
sion st. ' ¦ . •: ; ;
A WOMAN, good oook. wishes a place as cook
for men on ranch or, mining camp. Box 9S6,
Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wishes work: bookkeeping, type-
writing. Address box 989, Call. ¦
EXPERIENCED lady wishes the • care of in-
valid; best of references. 1850 Folsom at. *
SITUATION wanted in a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. Please call
Park Hotel, 26 Turk st. -, '.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third at; near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $l 50
to $6 week ; convenient and respectable ; free
bus and. baggage to and from ferry.
WANT adn and subscriptions ¦ taken . for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister stvr,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
BUSINESS CHANCES— -Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB .'...850 Market Et
Partner In an established and paying print-
ing business. • • • Party with $5000 to
invest in a manufacturing business. • •¦ •
Branch bakery on Eighth st, suitable to add
a stock of notions, etc. ; price $300. ' • • •
Good paying butcher shop in the Mission; a
bargain for $850. • • • Saloon with 14
furnished rooms upstairs; everything occu-
pied ; price ' $1800. • • • Grocery and bar
in Western Addition; price ,$650. • • •
Restaurant south of Market st. ; owner going
cortli; price $275. • • • Party to take an
flctive Interest in a paying manufacturing
business which is to be enlarged; must take
care of books and handle cash. • • • Ba-
ktry baking S barrels dally; store trade $50
daily; 4 horses and 2 wagons; ill-health
cause of sale; rent $50; price $3000. • • •
Call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wine house, good bar
trade, family and otherwise: owner retiring;
ar. assured income for any one. For particu-
lars call on JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market.
WANTED — A good, practical salesman to take
a half interest and to represent a manufac-
ture of an every day article In San Fran-
cisco; good profits and requires but little cap-
UaL Call S65% Market st., room 1.
FOR sale — $1200; a family liquor store; fir.est
installation; eood stock; twenty-five years
established: 3 livinsr rooms; rent $25; cause
of selling change of business-. 617% Valencia.
FOR sale — A first-class established business, a
fruit and grocery store and horse and wagon,
on account of sickness: cheap. 2102 -Howard.
FOR rent— -Hotel, cottages, orchard, vineyard;
furnished complete; Santa Cruz Mountains.
Bex 9C0. Call office. ¦
AN old-established restaurant: guarantee $100
per month; centrally located; must sell at
sacrifice; going north. Box 963, Call office.
WANTED — To rent dining-room in small hotel
or large rooming-house with boarders; refer-
ences exchanged. Address box 809, Call office.
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
cation: business part of city; no agents. Box
1629, Call office. V.'-' ¦
j . . — . ¦
j FOR sale — Cigar stand: transfer corner; goods
at cost and value of fixtures. Call at 1198
Folsom st.
THE Lurline Lunch and Coffee Parlor, near
Lurllne Baths. 1009 Larkin st.
FINE chance for 2 men to buy an established
business. 203 Fourth st. ¦ --¦
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth st. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments.
12 rooms; transient $550
9 rooms; partly furnished -i!5
SO rooms; $20C0 cash, bal. payments 3200
G rooms; nicely furnished; only 175
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1700
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only... 225
9 rooms; corner; very good. 375
A. H. RETSLOFF. phon/ John 531.
Rms. 7-S, 900 Market at, cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS; downtown; clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF, 906 Market.
* Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone—Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
• Ll6t your houses with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our Installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house: new furniture $1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent.' 6500
300 rooms ; corner house ; for men l B000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent.. 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $63; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
— >. Money loaned at 1 per cent
! ' Hotels, houses and fiats, 5 to 200 rooms.
! EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
88 rooms, rent $80 $1800
26 rooms, rent $60 $1300
WINSTON 28 rooms, rent $45 SITOO
tc S5 rooms, rent $65 $2000
WOLF, 35 rooms, rent $S0 $1000
1028 24 rooms, rent $42 $1300
MARKET ST. 20 rooms, rent $50 $875
100 rooms, rent $22 $6500
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts cf the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .?S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter..... 050
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
IS rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean Money at lowest ratea. .. 0 iY4 ;
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. .
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton at,
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, IiEt with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent . ' ¦ iV '
BARGAINS and many choice Investments In
first-class lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to inspection; kindly call at
offlce.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. bet 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911.
LODGING-HOUSE. 20 rooms; rent $65; price
$000; terms. MORRISON & CO., 26 Monfgy.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montg'y. r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms: j-ent $75; eleva-
tor; all outside rooms; sell on easy terms;
Investigate. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.
85 ROOMS; rent $05; lease; good corner house:
tenants mostly worklngmen; house clean
S125 a month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. For
particulars address box 1724, Call offlce.
16-ROOM apartment house; rent $40; this house
Is nicely furnished; rooms command good
rents; bargain at $650. Address box 1722,
Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on ue; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis at. room 10
<Glascow block).
75 ROOMS; best paying 1 transient: Kearny st;
lodging-house; 3 years* lease. Box 868, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S date writing and test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c. Readings dally 1052 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock; only friends admit- i
ted. 1084 Bush St.; $1; Phone Larkin 4133. i
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell at: Ellla car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. -medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test toall to-night; 10c.
clairvoyants.
mme. m. Bernard] ' ~~< !~
the famous
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldgr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be : told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human destiny; first registered clairvoyant
and palmist ever In San Francisco; extraor-
dinary clairvoyant power, combined -with his
superior knowledge. of occult forces and the
science of palmistry enables him to read hu-
man destiny with unerring accuracy. 127 Ellis.
A — ISM A K, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
- $5; Bend lock cf hair, date and year of birth.
A— 50c— 50c— NO HIGHER. ~~~
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fail call on world's greatest medium and palm-
lBt Mmc. J. Lyons, 1016 Market parlors. 8-3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
¦ reader, born. with double veil — secend sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. • 126 "Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; C0c-$l;. 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
; advice; names given; 25o up. 5 Fourth' st
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
,read accurately; L. 25c;. G. 60c. 521% Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. '25c-
genta 60c 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun!
JHEUP WANTED-— MALE — Con.
a".Z~. . ..V.7T.. ......^ . . . .MURRAY & READY
Phone Main 6848 .634-636 Clay - st
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office Open 7. a. m.. Ship To-day Free...
; 6000 men' .."....... '. 5000 men
"Wanted ....Flvo Thousand Men "Wanted
Ccme One Come All
Free to .......".
Beautiful Sierra Nevadas and •
SALT LAKE-NEVADA DIVISIONS
..Climate the best; fresh and invigorating..
. . . .First-class Food and Accommodations. . . .
Steady Work Good Wages
You Will Suit Great Crowd3 Going
Are You? ...... Are You? Are You?
For S. P. R. R.. Santa Fe R.R., C. P. R. R.
¦350 drillers, Nevada - Free fare
25U hammersmen. Nevada Free fare
lSK car dumpers, Nevada .........Free fare
453 concrete men, Nevada Free' fare
C crane men, $00, Nevada Free fare
1605 teamsters, Nevada ...Free fare
1603 laborers. Nevada ..;... Free fare
86 carpenters' , helpers. Nevada.... Free fare
43 masons' helpers, Nevada.. Free fare
191 rockmen, Nevada Free -fare
07 laborers to mix concrete, Nevada.Free fare
Wages . . $2. $2 25. $2 50, $3 day . : Wages
2 steam shovel engineers $125
1 Fee $1 Fee .....'. No other expenses
NOW TO THE :...
GREAT SANTA FE R. r R.
63 laborers, etc., tor track work, board in
-hotel
.....FREE FARE FREE FARE
- MINES MINES
GOLD, SILVER, COPPER, etc., GOOD JOBS
29 miners $82 60
- 84 laborers, no experience required, $60; and
all other help used in mines; come, see.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
AGAIN WE SHIP TO
88 DIFFERENT. ..... SAWMILLS & WOODS
197 laborers, no experience, you'll suit. $30 to
$35 and found; cut-off sawyers, snipers, Al
men; swampers, shingle packers and all other
classes of help used In woods, mills, wharves
and yard, $30, $35. $40, $50, $60,570, $80, $90.
....CALL EARLY CROWDS GOING
i FREE FARE MECHANICAL DEPT.
29 blacksmiths, see boss to-day, Monday, for
shops, camps, mines, ranches, foundries, $2,
$2 50, $3 day -and $50 to $82 and found
6 blacksmiths' helpers $2 and $2 50 day
12 carpenters, shop, house, boat and 5 rough
carpenters...... $3 50. $3, $2 50 day
3 bench hands, planing mills $3 day
3 wood workers, lathe hands; 3 carriage
painters, $3; 5 men to make wire beds; ma-
chine men; cabinet-makers; 3 boat carpen-
ters; blacksmith, boat work, $75 to $82 50
and found, free fare, see boss here
i HAYMAKING
TO FARMS AS USUAL. .. .VINEYARDS
Orchards, dairies, stock ranches, hop, vege-
table and other gardens we are shipping hun-
- dreds of men •. ...
564 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, $28 to
$35; 64 milkers, butter and cheese makers,
$30 to $40
Coxae 25 -choremen and boys.... Come, See
.86 haymakers and mowers, etc.. $125 day
86 haymakers and mowers ,..
• ..$125 day and found
' 4 farmers, dairymen and wives, $45, $50 and
found; 3 can washers; choreman, cheese fac-
tory. These places are located all over Cali-
fornia,- Arizona. Nevada and other States.
SOMB FOR BANKS. SYNDICATES, ETC.
We Supply 4362 Farms
For San Francisco and all parts of Cali-
fornia and other States, we want 386 labor-
- ers and teamsters, some board home.
$2 25. $2, $175 day. $30, $40 and found
26 1 scraper teamsters $30 and found
5 nandy men ..4 sack sewers
..Koustabounts, choremen, boy for grocery..
STABLE— LIVERY— PRIVATE, ETC.
26 stablemen, harness cleaners, buggy wash-
ers, etc., livery and private, 850. $60— $30. $:iS
and found; 3 milk wagon drivers; 15 section
R. R. hands; 29 quarry men, $60; sexton for
Catholic church: gardener
HOTEL, BAKERY. LAUNDRY. SALOON
AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS.
SS cooks, 1st, 2d. 3d, for hotels, cafes, res-
taurants, R. R. houses, mines, R. R. camps,
hospitals, etc., in Arizona, California, Nevada,
Washington, Oregon etc., $65, $60. $50. $45,
$35. $30, $25 and found; bedmakers; 28 dish-
washers, kitchen hands, etc., $20-$30 and fd.
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS— PORTERS
1st. 2d and 3d hand bakers; 2 roustabouts,
usual wages; hundreds. of other position. If
you want work come, see
Work for MURRAY & READY,
Everybody 634-636 Clay at
WANTED — All-around printer; must be good
Job and ad. man, rapid, willing and under-
stand presses and presswork. both cylinder
and rplaten ; no boozer need apply. Address
W. J. HILL, Salinas, Cal., stating age. quail,
flcatlons, etc. ¦ . -^^^^
WANTED — Strictly sober, reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business;
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; '30
days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st
$75 — PARTNER in cigar store: no nisit or
Sunday work. Call at 257 Fourth at , near
Folsom, In cigar factory. ___^
BARBERS — For sale, fine hotel barber shop
with 3 chairs; $250. For particulars see
MRS. CAFRA, 470 Jessie st, near Sixth.
WANTED — Miner for Alaska, $6 and board;
must pay fare. Box 1762. Call offlce.
WANTED — A plumber at S7 Fourth at ¦'->--
BOY wanted. Stalls* 1 ¦ and 3, Union Square
. Market -
COOK wanted. 141 East at. }
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third at
FIRST-CLASS bartender; must be well recom-
- mended. Apply 12 to 2, 809-811 Kearny at.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3056
Twenty-fourth at.
WANTED— Al second cook. California Rea-
taurant, 106 California Market; call early.
3 LABORERS. Fourteenth ave. and N at
south. . . ¦
BOY to- help a plumber: 1017 Folsom at
2 YOUNG men, $7 a week. A. SLIM, Win-
chester Hotel; apply before 12 m. .>
McDONALD & PERRY,' new and second-hand
United States army ahoea. 241 Third at.
$75 — PAYING barber shop; 2 chairs. For par-
tlculars apply at 828 Bryant st
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' . ¦
WANTED — Flrst-class wash goods - salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' ¦
WANTED — Bright boy from 18 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'. ;
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
. character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
¦ less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
. Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
YOUNG man of good address who can furnish
California references can obtain - steady em-
ployment as solicitor ' for a large fraternal
organization; salary or. commission will be
paid to the right party; must' be & good
talker.* Address box 992. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. -
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay at '. "
WANTED — A sticker hand, a band sawyer and
shaper, carpenters. ¦ Eagle Planing Mills.
Franklin and Fourth- sts., Oakland.
WANTED— Boys, girls, young men and solder-
ers. Apply American Can Co., factory Sev-
• enth and Townsend sts., city. "
.WANTED — Man of some experience to handle
agency work with prominent , bulldlnz and
loan ass'n.; city; liberal contract. 995, Call.
opportunity for gentleman and
clever boy to begin dramatic career. For
s conditions, -. address , "Star," ¦ box .884. Call.
WANTED — Good accordeon player for oountry
dance hall; wages $30 and found. Box 15L
Benlcla, Cal. , ;
BRIGHT young man aa partner in profitable
¦ brokerage offlce; $200 cash required; good
chance to aultable party. 318 Kearny, r. 1.
WANTED — Boy about 16 for wholesale house
Address, stating age and experience, box
. 1745, Call office. ' • , -,.*.. -
WANTED — First-class wrapper. S. N' WOOD
6 CO., 713 Market at. • wwuu
WANTED— A man to cook for 4 or 8 men;
wages $15 a month. Call 600 Halght at.
• WANTED— Man as gardener. Apply 101 Bart-
lett st. . . . :
BOY to learn the harness " making: trade. 12SS
• Folsom st. ,.-... ..-_..
WANTED-^MIlitary tailors a£ 2820 Greenwich
street . ;
WANTED— Young men' to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard at.
DISHWASHER; first class. Capital Restau-
rant 206 McAllister st .
1000 MEN wanted to buy army shoes at 75c a
pair. £ 1155 Market '. st
. ALL sizes men's shoes, . slightly damaged, half
price. '563 Mission at. betUst and 2d ats.
GET your, shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to DOc. 563 Mlsafon'st;, betrlst and 2d sts.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 84. lone. Amador Co.. Cal.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Solicitor. « Call at 1322 Pacific at,
' .-between 8 and 10 _'_.-_ .' ¦ -
SAIDORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of TheEan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year. '¦; -•*-
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. in.
10(5 Eleventh etreet; cpen until 9 p.m.
3096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-secOnd and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m. ¦
M—ETIXG KQTICBS.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery _^
Xo. 16, _. T.. «25 Sutter st. — Special TC44
Assembly THIS EVENING at S O
oclock. Order of Red Cross. All «y
fraters are courteously invited. '^
H. D. LOV ELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. ' r
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\ 'EN- _jfV_
ING. Degrees 5 and <i. l£3£
U. G. PRINCE, Secretary. /XT'
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and «~"
A. M.— THIS EVENING _i%_
at 7:30 o'clock. First degree. By or- jfLSC
der of the Master. f^P 1
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ~m~
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- l\
DAY), May V2. VMC, at 7 :M oclock "5O?
p. m. First degree. By order of the /Xri
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. —
and A. M., 1839 Fillmore st. — First JL
degree THIS EVENING at 7:30 V _•
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR, Sec /^r^
NOTICE to representatives and <s- s *iW'*».
delegates — Excursion to I. O. O.
F. Orphans' Home at Gilroy,
MONDAY. Mey 12. 1902. Train "WVfF* 1
leaves Third and Townsend ef.e., 9:30 a. m.,
stops at Valencia Station ; round trip $2 25,
children half fare. Tickets on sale Monday,
6:30 a. m. at both stations.
MARY E. DONOHO, Sec Reb. Assembly.
MAGNOLIA Lodjre No. 29, I. O. O. .^KBgfc,
F., invites Grand I^odge olCcers *§^'*7n!2Ci
and representatives, members of r&j&SsSF
lodge and order to its meeting -*W!lw v
TUESDAY EVENING. May 13. when
Brother Past Grand W. I. BliOBECK will
lecture on. the "Origin and History of Odd
Fellowship."
HORACE W. HANNA. Noble Grand.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
THE Board of Medical Examlners k of the State
of California will hold a special examination
at examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission, City Ilail, San Francisco, Cal.,
commencing TUESDAY, May 27, l»02^ at
10 _ rr_ ..-'
CHAS. C. WADSWORTH, _¦ P.. Sec
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Vereln — Officers and
funeral committee are hereby notified to as-
semble at Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter at.,
TUESDAY. May 13, at 12:30 o'clock, to at-
tend the funeral of our late member, MRS.
CATHERINE CHR1STOFFE-L. By order of
MRS. L. GALL. President
ANNA MAAS, Secretary.
ANNUAL _eetins — The reruiar annual meet-
ing of the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
1902, at the hour of 3 o'clock o. m., for the
purpose of electing; a board of directors to
etrve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other- business as may cone be-
fore the meetii:_. Transfer books will close
on Friday. Hay 16. liXC, at 3 o'clock d. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office, 327 Market si... San Francisco, Cal.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine jby the hy-
draulic process from II. L. Clark, tn the
Gold Point mice, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit taKings in the dam of the
Golden Needle mine in Dry Creek, and from
1>I. P. Beever, In the Castello ; mine, at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at rocra 04, Flood buildlne. San
Francisco. Czl.. en May 19. 1902, at 1:30
Pl m.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
n. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room ,
613; all cases; damages, estates,' wills, niort- j
sages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. ; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges: open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs. '
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st., cor. Stockton, i
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
1IICVCLES For Sale or Exebanee.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and SOS Market st.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
V.'ARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.-
cages, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.,betSth_)th.
I'.OBISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny Et.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
Largest and best appointed place tn the country.
BOARDI\G FOR CHILDREN.
A HOME for children: healthy location; large
grounds and tcod care. Address MRS.
MILLS, _ Palmer et., San Mateo cars.
GERMAN lafly wishes one child to board. 150
Chenery st.
BOOKS NEW AAD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
beet located restaurant on Sutter at; sick-
ness compels owner to take good man as
partner or cell the whole business. ! See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt
A — $800; RESTALTRANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26i£ Kearny et.
A— $750; COBNER delicatessen store with
3 nice living rooms, In the choicest location
in the city; rent $25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A — $276; SALOON, trith hall, in first-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. R. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1250; HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
menta; first-class location. See R. G
WILKE. 26% Kearny st _^
A— 4950: SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$42 60; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying- business; only reason
for sale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
at. ; established for years and known as first-
claaa paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $99; investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WTLKE. 26% Kearny st cnance -
GOLDEN opportunity for man and wife or a
steady man; coffee house on Kearny st. ; open
all night, with 7 furnished rooms and bakery
attached: this Is positively a grand, safe
paying investment; will take half its value
as the owner must leave the State lmme-
uiately; don't miss it. BUSINESS BOARD
OF TRADE. 326 Pine Bt.
WK have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or -write tor our fr«« list
HEALT _ CARR Realty Mining Co 713
Market at, room 406; tel. James 4121. *
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit;
full investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBP.IDE & CO 'S 7«',
Market at. ¦ '
NURSERY and florist buslnetss for sale or ex-
change for Oakland, Alazneda or Berkeley
property; owner must leave the city by July
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
poasession. CARLSON, 500 Haight Et.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In established
buslnets; $18 to ?25 a week; too- much work
for one; no night or Sunday work; duties
light and eaeily learned: trial given before
buying. 25 Geary St., room 1.
DE FREITAS & SIMS, 413 Kearny et.. Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy sell
and make quick exchangea In real estate.
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
. loaned on furniture at lowest rales.
A— MfiO: DELICACY store; receipts $20 day;
bargain to-day. STRAND. 1007% «Market st.
A — $160: PARTNER in commission business;
clear $150 month. STRAND, 1007% Market
MUST cell; butter factory doing fine business;
am expert butter maker will remain with
btjrer. Cal. Business Acsn., SS5% Market st
AN employment office established 13 years;
will sell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CCLLEN'S. 325 Sntter Bt
WANTED— To bay French bakery in Oakland
or San Francisco; etate price. Addresa box
427B, Call office, Oakland.
MAN In painting business can make some
B0M7. P&rtlculars _0 Montgomery, rm. 20.
_EMPL9YMENT . WASTED—MALE.
A— MIDDLE- AGED Swedish man wishes ¦ any
kind work; refs., MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
MAN 1 23 years, educated, neat appearance,
¦ wants work; formerly a sailor; highest refer-
ences. Box 1763, Call office. .:¦-':' .
EXPERIENCED salesman in curtains, l por-
tieres -and housekeeping dry "goods; capable
of taking charge; exceptional references;. long
"employed with good city houses. Addreaa
box 811/ Call office.- *
WAI^TED — Work as bookkeeper , or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise; electric execution,
strenuous, . imperturbable. N. . R. G.. box
1011. Call offlce. . . : _¦
STRONG young man from the East, age 23,
quick, active, willing to work at any honest
employment, desires position : with good
Christian family. Box 971, Call offlce.
ELDERLY man would like to take care of
horses or cows and make himself useful about
the place; city or country; references if re-
quired. 278 : Natoma st. ' _
GARDENER wants a position in private place,
N country; wages $25; references given; under-
stands care of chickens and can milk. Ad-
dress box 958, Call offlce. ¦ .- «¦
TEMPERATE able-bodied young man wishes
work in Alaska at mining. C. McGUFFIE,
836 Illinois st ¦ • • ;
WANTED— Situation as watchman by* a sober
married i man; references. S. F. <R., 918
Buchanan st. , .. . ¦ .
COACHMAN wants situation; thoroughly un-
dcrstands his business. Box 981, gall.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore..
A BRANCH, offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. " :; ' •'¦••¦"' '¦ '_
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
.licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold!
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises ; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of flrst-class
propositions ; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
St.; established 1892.
FLATS TO LET.' _ _._ _'_ _;^.. '
NEW aunnv corner flats of 7 rooma and bath.
SW. corner Waller and Carmelita ata. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flats of 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
very cheap; 1112-14 Fell st Apply G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
WASHINGTON, 3193— Corner flat; new, sunny;
8 rooms and bath j, fine city and marine view;
rent. reasonable, to' desirable tenant; open for i
inspection from 9:30 to 5:30. SPECK _ CO.,
C67, Market st. . . . .__
PACIFIC ave., 2922 — A choice modern sunny
upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
beautiful marine view. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. f . . ¦
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, near Jones and
Bush ; rent $25 ;-, furniture $400. Address
box 867. Call,. offlce. . . "¦
¦O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
bath, yard, basement;- reasonable to a good
¦ tenant. ...-¦-• .
UPPER flat, 7 rooms and basement rooms ;
fine marine view. 2362 Vallejo Bt. ; key at
2064. - - ' ¦
ELEGANT , new sunny upper flat of 10 rooma
and bath. .870 Eddy St., near Van Ness ave.
FLAT of 3 rooms: rent $10. 18 Lewis St., be-
tween Taylor and Jones, Post and Sutter. |
FLAT, 6 rooms and bath. 1618" Sanchez st,
near Twenty-ninth, with or without stable.
HAYWARD. 2. off Harrison, near Eighth—
Sunny upper flat, 3 rooms; rent $7 60.
MAGNIFICENT 8-room flat, with bath, laun-
dry and storage rooms. 730 Eddy st
NEW flat, 4 large rooms, bath and laundry.
Apply 349 Liberty st
NEW elegant flat, 7 rooms, finished attic and
basement. Fourteenth and Guerrero sts.
SOUTH PARK, 53 — Clean modern sunny upper
fiat of 6 rooms and bath; $25.
UPPER flat, 4 rooma and bath. 7 Tonningsen
place, off Howard st, bet. 12th and 13th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO L_T FURMSUBD.
SUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms; nice, neat, com-
. plete. 3726 Twenty-third St., near Dolores.
FURNISHED 5-room flat bath; flrst-class. 130
_ddy:st. ! ¦ - ¦ ¦ " ./.-•'¦'„--' -¦¦ ¦ ••
FLATS FOR SALE- — FURNISHED..
THE new and up-to-date furniture and carpets
of an 8-room modern sunny flati near Va\
Ness ave., on Eddy 8t. Address box 994, Call:
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat, all new, for Sale
cheap; party going East. 2936 Sixteenth st.
FURNITURE WAJVTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
• price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. .
SPECIAL sale DanichefC glove, own make, at
90c. 121 Grant ave.. •
_ HELP WAXTED— -FEMALE.
A^C?rT"h^^SEn"_"coT'sT...".'.\42» Bush st.
HOTEL- DEPARTMENT
Head pantry woman, springs ....$30
Waitress, institution, country, found and
washing and $30
Waitresses, small country hotel, two girls. $£T>
2 waitresses, watering resort near clty....s20
Woman, general work, seaport hotel $25
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, 1 south $20
2 waitresses, small country hotel...-. $20
Housekeeper, rooming-house, some capital. $30
Cleaner, institution, city..- $20
2 chambermaids, city. $17 60-$15
Cook, summer resort, fare paid $40
Laundress, same place $30
Waitresses, Stockton,. Watsonville, Pleae-
anton $20
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare.... $23
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, country, fare here, $25; house-
girl, country, $25, fare paid: second girl, nice
American family, Oakland. $25; housegirl.
nice, place. Martinez, party here, $20; house-
girl, Mountain View, Santa Clara Co., party
here, $20, and many places for girls ¦ and
women to select places for housework, second
work, city and country, best of wages
/ C. R. HANSEN. & CO.. 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
MRS. M. E. DAY... -.Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, flrst-class resort, near city, $25:
3 waitresses, same commercial hotel, $25; 8
waitresses, different commercial hotels, , $25
i and $20; 20 waitreses, flrst-class springs and
. resorts, to go in the next few days; 3 cham-
bermaids to wait,, resorts, $25; woman cook,
springs, $35; cook, small hotel, $35. .
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, 6mall American family, $30; 2 second
- girls, $25; houseglrls, city and country, best
wages. ,
MRS. M. E. DAY. .335 Geary st
A — LAUNDRESS.'. $30: cook, $35; ' cook and
second girl for family of«2, $30 and $25;
¦ ranch cook, $25; hotel cook, $35; 6 second
'girls. $25 each; seamstress and lady's maid,
y$25; housegirl, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 8uttr.
HAIR ventilator and worker, city;. 4 cham-
\\ bermatds, city. $20; 3 waitresses, springs,
/ $20, fare advanced; 6 waitresses, city, $20;
COAST E5IP. CO.. 602 Taylor st; phone
. Black 2194. • '-.. . ¦ . - t
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
4 ironers, country hotel, $25 and found.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY • TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
' YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
' LEARNING; ; STEADY "WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
JST.;MR. DAVIS. ¦¦¦\:-.i '
PANTS finishers, 75 ctsa pair; steady work.-
858 Howard st, bet. Fourth and Fifth, over
, handball court. • ¦'-.¦. . .:.'.- ''
EXPERIENCED Infant' s nurse wanted ; ref er-
. ences - required. Apply ' this . morning, 2330
. Washington st , ¦ „. '
SMALL 'girl ¦' or: woman to assist- with light
housework ;% sleep home , preferred/; 264 San
Carlos ave., off Misison, - near Twentieth.
WOMAN, middle-aged, .with refs. ; ;used to ln-
'¦. valid; eood home, small salary. Apply box
1766,^Call office.^ . :. ..;.:... , ... ; -, .; . ... .
*GIRL for general ' housework and plain cook-
. ing: small -. family;, good wages. 770 McAl-
¦; lister st ¦.,.-¦ : -, -'.-. . . * - ' . ¦ '• •
FINISHERS on ladies' cloaks and suits. L.
¦ HORVITZ..230 Sutter st. •„... • ? . -> v
WANTED— Girl for general housework, $15.
Apply 1830 O'Farrell st '* ¦ v r .; ':.'¦
RELIABLE glrr for second work, ¦ assist with
• •. baby.: 2520 Green et.;,; near Scott. .' - ' <T .",/
GIKL for general '. housework and cooking.' Call
bet. 9 and; 12. ;1287.O'Farreir Bf
WANTED— Girl; for- general housework : and
cooking. -1613 Bush efc ¦
7; HELP WASTE^MALE— gonL__
WANTEDr-Afe— energetic. Intelligent gentle-
. men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
'¦ cial proposition; successful candidates earn
JlOOfifR&CO mo.; salary and liberal commis-
BionTBRd. 'Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
' to 4 p.- _.," except Sunday. St Nicholas Hotel.
•room '237,. 1606 Market st
/y . ¦ ¦
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
big. * Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
5C0 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; sollns 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia, at. - -¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2-00 Fllbnor*.
HORSES AXD \VAGOyS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine york, driving and «ad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them' at Occidental Horse Exchange. 248
Third st WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT cf horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. /
RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
2C Montgomery st. : ¦
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses.- new"
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College— Fourth aea-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. "Sec.. 610 Golden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, wr- 1
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
/^^ HOUSES TO LET. ___
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for eir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath, $13; Olive ave..
between Polk and Van Ness. Geary and
O'Farrell. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market at. '
NICE bay-window house. 9 rooms and bath:
12th st; between Mission and Howard; rent
' $40; key at comer. Apply to C. S. CAPP _
CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st
TO let — Fine 8-room house, with bath and larg»
basement: 1181 Oak st, near Devisadero;
rent $27 50; by CHAS. QUAST..403 Pine at;
toy at 1183. next door. " v
COTTAGE six rooma; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. '
1514 OCTAVIA at. near Butter 1 — 8 rooma and
bath; sanitary plumbing; very desirable; rent
reasonable. -
TO LET — 11-room house; modern lmpi'uva-
mfnts. 2510 Pine st. '
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner at.
near Elllla. /
A WEEK'S news for 9 centa — The Weekly Call.
16 pagea. in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET. — FUHXISHED.
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room house; Sacra-
mento. near FlUmore. Box 1744. Call.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beuiah st. near the park. - -
¦ HOUSES TO LET-— COUNTRY.
M—KLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms,
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall. 1332 Howard St., bet
9th and for a term of years; barroom,
large and small balls and all fixtures connect,
ed therewith. For particulars address 3*.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 408 Eighth.
IXyESTMESTS.
8PLENDID Investment — Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTOR?
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st. S. F.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
$T^R_lwABX_^$Sl — -— ~~~~~
Yawl boat, painted green, builder. G. W.
Kneass, stolen from schooner Alazneda while
lying at Goat Island, May 6 or 6. Return to
the Patent Brick Co.. Berry St., bet 5th
and Cth, San Francisco.
LOST — Saturday evening. May 10, purse con-
'• taining roll of paper money and diamond bar
pin; liberal reward paid to finder. Comma-
nleate with box 1767. Call office. -
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savins*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th*
name of MICHAEL S. GUNNING. No. 180-
1898. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Saturday night, lady's gold watch and
fob; Inltla'.a B. J. on case. Reward If re-
turned to 623 Davis st. or 140 Chenery st.
LOST — Diamond stud on Haight-st car Sun-
day afternoon: "finder return to G. W. ROSS.
1620 Bush, and receive reward of $50. ¦
LOST— A lady's cameo belt pin; very old de-
sign; reward. Return to Call offlce.
LOST — Brown cocker spaniel male pup near
old St Mary'* College; reward. 718 Folsoci.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old gold,
' and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AM) PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
at; tel. Bush 421. .
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shadee. J. F. Hotter, 721 Mission :tei.Maln 730.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enrlnes, 2d-hand machinery. Mc£N-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at
1 DOUBLE friction drum hoist $300
1 single friction drum, hoist 200
1 clutch link motion drum hoist, with
•boiler : - ..^ 800
1 triple throw . Knowlea pump 150
1 Dow steam pump. 6" sue. 4" dia...... 150
1 10 H.P. motor (220 volts) 150
1 200-light dynamoJ... 250
1 10 H.P. boiler & 8 H.P. engine complete 130
1 6 H. P. boiler p.nd engine complete.... 125
1 20 H. P. Atlas boiler and engine 850
1 40 H. P. Atlas boiler and engine. 350
1 3 H. P. gasoline engine complete...... 90
1 8 H. P. gasoline engine ....225
Second-hand -water pipe and, belting. ..
. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale at.
IRON sidewalk doors with castiron framas;
second-hand, but equal to new, and at only
half cost: Iron gratings. P. H. JACKSON
_ CO., 228-230 Flrat at ¦
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, ehaftlng. pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: bis stock; Installments; billiard
and - pool tables; easy terms or rented. The>
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, aame as new, coat
$250, will sell if taken at once for $100 caah;
bust 38. Box 1728. Call offlce.
WANTED — To aell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter «t
A — $3 60 Derby and Fedora hatB, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 "5. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery at
•20 WILCOX & GIBBS automatic sewfng
machine: good order. 1571 Market, nr. 12th.
4jc H p Hercules marine ras engine; Rood as
new;' cheap. J. A. Thomson. 107 Fremont-;
AUTOMATIC sewlns machine: W. & G.; good j
• order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale at.
BO\TS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER - HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllma. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES^ — New and second hand. THE H_R-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machlnery.engtnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMaaters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co., 619 Market at
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pie-
tures. BULLARD ft BRECK. 131 Post 9t.
- MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland loan
Offlce, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 48-1.
WANTED— Four good work horse^f harness
and four-ton wasron. J. E. KERR. room 7.
first floor. Mills bldg.
-I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
'send postal: will call. Box 4960. Call offlce.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all ilsea, any
condition. Faraswor__lect/icalWks.74lST__
HELP WAMTED. — FEMALE— -Con.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 32}a FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
NEAT girl; must be a good cook; good wages.
1180 O'Farrell St. , \ -¦ . ,,
HOUSEWORK girl' 3 adults, no washing; sleep
home.- Flat 1206% Polk st; near SUtter.
WANTED — An • apprentice on custom coats;
good pay. 744 Folsom st. ¦' '.
EXPERIENCED operator on gents' custom
and stock shirts. RogerBon' s, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Girl to work in a small restaurant.
258 First st.
LADY wanted for vests; to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. .
GOOD waitress wanted. ¦ 134 Third at s ; u ¦— i
WANTED— Nurseglrl. Call between 9 and 12
¦ at 2321 Buchanan st. corner Washington.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
no washing. 1400 Van Ness ave. /
GIRL for housework; German preferred; wages
$18 to $20. Corner 24th and Sanchez, bakery.
WANTED— Girl aged 14 for housework; good
home. Call 5 p. m. at 287 Clementina st
NEAT young girl to assist In housework. Ap-
ply at 1429 Webster Bt .
WANTED— A good finisher on custom coats;
good pay. 927 Market at, room 623.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. 623 Haight st : • :
YOUNG girl for housework. Call at 770 Cole
street. '. . -
TALENTED amateur performers." Apply at
Chutes 6 p. ,ro. Wednesday; salary no object
WANTED — First-class suit and waist seam-
stress. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS."
WANTED— Ventilator and hair worker. Apply
between 8 and 11 a-.m.^at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m.-at HALE BROS'.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers, paid while learning ; constant work
summer and winter. G. . W. REYNOLDS,
697 Mission st.,. corner Second.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork;: splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
_ADY from 45 to 55 years will treat free for
wrinkles; no surgery or electricity used. Har-
ris- Institute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter st,
Bowhay building.
WANTED — Active young woman to learn wait-
ing at table; first month, $15; second month,
$20;. third month, full pay.. , 725 Market st.
WHOLESOME. Intelligent lady over 25. of
good character and standing, for high-grade
position. Box 085, Call office.
WANTED — Lunch and dinner waitress, 6 hours
a day. $25 per month; also regular waitress.
725 Market st
SEAMSTRESS, plain eewing. 1817 Devlaadero
street ,
APPRENTICES, girls; plain aewlng. 1817 De-
visadero street. , '
IMPROVER and young girl to learn^flresa-
maklng. MME. NELSON. 1017 Geary at
FIRST-CLAB8 finishers. 22 Grant ave.
WANTED— Waitresa at 1007 Market at.
GIRLS wanted; must have experience at past-
ing. Apply trunk factory. 17th and ShotwelL
EXPERIENCED blanket weavers wanted. Ap-
ply Santa Rosa Woolen Mills, Santa Rosa.
BANDERS and binders on Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co., 35 Market st. • .
GLOVE makers wanted. Carson Glove Co.,
35 Market st .
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD _
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary at : -..•
PANTS finishers wanted by 8. N. WOOD _
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary at "i -'->
WANTED* — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535' Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FlUmore.
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ' 1096
Valencia st.
, HELP WAXTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S..... .429 Bush at
.... :new. railroad work
Free Fare ' Free Fare
• FOR NEVADA
600 teamsters $2 to $2 26 a day
600 laborers. „ $2 a day
500 rock men... $2 to $2 25 a day
500 concrete men ..$2 25 a day
10 carpenters $3 a day
*3 blacksmiths ...$3 a day
Steam shovel engineer ".$125 and found
2 steam shovel cranesmen $90 and found
....... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK ...'
600 tunnel men, machine men, drillers, muck-
ers and outside laborers $1 75 to $3 day
Ship To-day
Free Fare Free Fare
2 foremen railroad work, $3 a day; 6
blacksmiths, oountry shops. $2 to $2 60 a
day; blacksmith for summer resort, $40 and
found; 5 farmers for an orchard, $25; 60
stablemen.- farmers, milkers, choremen and
others, $35. $30 and $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, country hotel, $60; steward and
head waiter, country hotel. $40; head waiter
and 2 waiters, country hotel. $35 and $30;
10 qooks. city and country, $50 to $70; dish-
washers, kitchen hands and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO .... 429 . Bush st.
FARMER and wife, $45; 2 men for haying,
$1 50 day; milkers, $30 and $35; farmers,
$25 $30 and $35; farmers and wives, $40
and $50; choremen, $10, $15 and $20; stable-
man, private family, $55; 2 milk wagon
¦drivers, $50; teamsters, $1 25 day and board:
laborers for mine, $2 day; laborers for mill
, and woods, $30 to $35 and board ; I lumber
f pliers, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st
BLACKSMITH'S helper, $35 and board; ranch
blacksmith, $60 and board; 5 carpenters,
for country,' $3 50 day; '3 machinists.
$3 25 day; car repairers, $2 25 day; ranch
blacksmith, $40; jobbing blacksmith, $2 50
day; pump man for mine, $2 50 day; coal
miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day; furnace man for
mine; circular sawyer, small mill, $2 25 and'
board; 6 boys for factory, 75c to $1 day;
edgermen, bench hands and other mechanics.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
HOTEL cook, $45; lunch cook and porter, $25;
2 hotel second cooks, $30 and $40; restaurant
cook, country. $50; cook for men, $40; wait-
ers, dishwashers, bell boys and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY^ ~
69 Third st, near Call bldg.. phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
....FREE FARE. FREE FARE....
100 teamsters. Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
50 concrete men'. $2 25 day
Offlce f ee, . $1 ...No other expenses'
Setter or screw turner, sawmill, Slskiyou
"County $50 per month and found
2 doggers...- $57 50. per month and found
hooktenders...$57 60 per month and found
10 lumber pliers ...$2 to $2 25 per day
Camp cook, city per month
Camp cook 'for. 5 men. ....'.. ........$25
Teamsters and laborers, city. . ........... .$2
6 paving-block makers .$2 28 per day.-
fare $1, bach or board where they please.
All kinds of hotel and restaurant help, city.
.......CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third at ;
ANDRE'S Offlce. 816 Stockton St. — Coachman^"
$40; Jobbing gardener,$25 and found; 2 farm-
ers for Sonoma ¦ County, $25; 2 nig-ht -wait-
ers, $35 and $45; waiter, small; place, $7 a
week; young waiter for dining-room- In In-
stitution, ¦; $20; bedmaker, $20"; Frenchman to
help in kitchen, $20 and, found; man and
wife, country roadhouee, $45; washer, ate&m
laundry, country, $40. • '•-.-¦ #
A — STEWARD, $75 a month; elevator boy, $10,-
. room and board; colored waiters, city, hotel;
4 musicians.' with own instruments, for road
show.. COAST EMP. CO.. 502 Taylor st;
phone Black 2194. . . _
A — HOTEL. GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12/
' Dishwasher, $25; potwasher, $25; vegeta»a
cook, $30; yardman, $25, country; housenjan,
city. $25. . .'¦• '^ ¦-
MAN who; understands care- of- palms-, and
potted ' plants ; ' must . have California experi-
" ence ; call 11 a. m; Monday. • ' .
MRS.M. E. : DAY... ¦:........ 335 Geary st
MAN and wife, small i ranch, $45. Apply; to
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
WANTED— Strong boy living at home. Call
at 110 Clay st; SAMUEL BLOON & SONS.
FIRST-CLASS union barber wanted;, steady
Job;'$15 per .week. 1048 McAllister st. :
BARBER, "union. . $20 a week. • 611 Castro. st"'
BARBER wanted : young . man ; short . hours ;
.; steady .work.' ; 213 Sansome st. . .:. «
SHOE?.IAKER' wanted; flrst-class man wanted
for repairing; steady, work. Box 1764, Call.
WANTED — Night' waiter for after ; theater. ,
¦ 111-115 Larkin st. ; - '. . ,. ¦" • - '
WANTED— Lunchman • for a few hours even-
,r ings. :¦ 111-115 Larkin st. - , .
.WANTED— Colored : errand boy. - Apply at 103
. Powell . st'iBSSBM— IMjS8Bafi8B^gPMfl_aBB3MMl
MAN- wanted ' who * understands cooking. - Call
early at 16 Market stFESWICK, May 11.— Frank W. Ranney
was almost roasted alive at the smelter
here this" morning. A" train' of slag pots
had just come back to the furnace from
the dumping ground, and it was Ranney's
job to pull out the shells and break up the
slag for charge wheelers. The shell was
hot and stuck. Ranney turned the hose
on It to cool and loosen lt. There chanced
to be some redhot metal in the bottom,
and when water struck it there was a
terrific explosion. A piece struck Ranney
on the f orehad and knocked him sense
less In the molten metal that poured out
on the floor from the tipped up pots. The
clothing was burned . from his body, and
when his gloves were pulled off his fin
gers came with them: • Ranney lived -five
hours. He has a $30,000 farm in the south
ern part of California. He was one of the
oldest employes, in years of service, with
the Mountain Copper Company. He leaves
two children living at 237 South - Bunker
Hill avenue, Los Angeles.
Workman Is Terribly Burned by
f Molten Metal' a^Keswick
Smelter.
DIES AFTEB HOUBS
OF TERRIBLE AGONY
TACOMA, May 11.— There are three
traveling men who will not again venture
to cross Puget Sound in a rowboat soon.
While making the trip from Lopez to
Friday Harbor ,in a rowboat early last
week they ran straight into a school of
blackflsh which was followed by three
large whales. Had it not been for the
fact that the whales were more than
busy devouring the black fish, of which
they were in rapid pursuit, the trip would
probably have resulted disastrously for
the rowboat voyagers. When they reached
Friday Harbor they were nearly exhaust
ed, and declared it was doubtful several
times whether they would ever reach
land. Almost before they knew it they
had rowed into the midst of the black
fish and whales, the latter being so close
that the water around" their boat was
greatly agitated. The fumes from the
spouting whales was nauseating. Several
sportlly inclined men of Friday Harbor
took a. steam launch after the arrival of
the traveling men and viewed the mon
sters at a safe distance. The traveling
men who thus uarrowly escaped were D.
M. Peeples of Seattle, H. C. McAllister
of Chicago and R. F. Clark of New York.
Etiperience While Crossing
Puget Sound.
Traveling Men Tell of an Exciting
THREE WHALES PTJBSUE
'¦'/¦ SCHOOL OF BLACKFISH
5 The news of the drowning of the two
girls was immediately brought to town,
and an effort is being made to, recover the
bodies. A guard has been placed at the
dams further down the river, where it Is
thought the bodies will float with the cur
-Tent.
The water where the craft went over is
flowing in a mass ten feet wide and as
many feet deep. The, great volume of
water swamped the boat almost instantly.
-The women were never seen after the
boat passed . over the dam. Young Von
derhyde managed to reach a rock in the
center of the river, where he clung for
over an hour until help was procured and
he was rescued by the aid of a rope. The
other boy managed to reach shore ex
hausted and bruised.
The two young women, in company with
their brother George and William JCattle
man, were fishing from a boat and ven
tured too near one of the mill dams. The
river has been out of its banks for the
past week, and this great volume ot
water drew the boat toward the dam. The
young men fought for their lives and
those of the girls, but were finally ex
hausted. The boat with its terrified pas
sengers-was drawn over the dam.
.CARSON, Nev., May 11.— Early this
afternoon the two daughters v of George
Vonderhyde, Misses Ada and Lola, were
drowned in the Carson River at a point
three miles below this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Strong Current Causes a Dis
aster to a Fishing
, • .; Party.
Young Girls Lose Their
•Lives in Carson
River.
WATERS WHELM
TWO SISTERS
* THE COAST RECORD.
Tem'perature at T a, m., 52 degrees.
rag SO •»¦ 51
S 3 3-83 53 %l e
STATIONS! g «|ll :S .f~ S
•v R S. : ft •?. %
A 5 -.5 i • P
• ** , • • •
Astoria ......29.94 53 48 SW Cloudy 3
Baker .......29.84 66 42 NE -.Cloudy .00
Carson 20.74 CS 38 SW Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 62 50 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 80 52 NW CTear ' .00
Flagstaff ....29.72 66 40 SW Clear : .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.70 70 60 S Clear .03
Independence '29.70 78 48 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 86 74 52 W Clear .00
Phoenix ......29.04 91 06- W • Clear .00
Portland . 29.90 02 48 NW Cloudy .03
Red Bluff..... 29. 84 74 52 SE Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg ....29.86 66 48 NW Cloudy T.
Sacramento ..29.88 70 48 S Pt Cldy .00
Salt Lake- 29.70 .72 ME Clear i T.
San Franclsco.29.98 62 52 W Clear .00
S L Oblspo. .29.94 70 48 W Clear ¦ " .00
San Diego 29.88 62 58 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle ...29.96 62 V .-. SE Cloudy T.
Spokane 29.94 64 50 SW PtCldy .00
Neah Bay 29.92 52 44 E - , Cloudy .S3
Walla Walla.. 29.»0 68 60 NW PtCldy .12
Winnemucca .29.72 72 40 W Clear .00
Yuma ........29.66 92 58 SW Clear .00
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 11—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day: . " ,. .
Eureka 58-5CJ Los Angeles 74-52
San Francisco.. ..62-52 Sacramento 70-48
Independence ....78-4* San Luis Oblspo. .70-48
Red Bluff 74-5i San Diego C2-53
Fresno.. 80-5£t , :
Weather Report.
NEW WESTERN. HOTEL.
H E 1 Becker. Los Ang
p ¦: E Woodruff&w. Or
W P Jones, Or .
H C ' Bonderlln. Colo ..
W G -Lamson."- Boston
RE Lamson. Boston -
S P Roner Parck, N Y
F Thompsoji&w.- S Jose
J Brown, Oakland
Wm R Haley, N S
R ¦ A\ Bobbins, • N S
Miss A Robblns. N S
W F Walker&w Bostn
C C Hall, Pleasanton
I E Jordan, Denver % •'•
W 8 Hayes, Crockett
P M Peltler&w, Colo
S ;.W- Hubbard, , Minn- •"
G Lorentz, Aurora,Neb
T Clayton, wife & son,
- Stockton ¦ ¦" ¦
E Bullard. Seattle
HOTEL : ARRIVALS.
Generally cloudy weather prevails : over the
northern half of the Pacific Blope and fair over
the southern. Light scattering showers are
reported from - Washington, Oregon and the
Rocky Mountain region. A thunder storm oc
curred at Pocatello. ,4 :¦ , .
The pressure has fallen slightly over the
plateau region; in other districts It. has re
mained nearly stationary.' It is below the
normal 'over the . Pacific slope. .
The temperature changes have been slight
in all districts. . Normal temperatures prevail.
¦Forecast made -at San Francisco for twenty
four hours ending midnight May 12:
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday,
probably with ehowers on the northwest coast;
fresh westerly wind. " ' - -
Southern California— Fair Monday;- fresh
west wind. ' '
Nevada — Generally cloudy Monday, probably
showers In the mountains; fresh southwest
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Monday; fresh westerly wind. - *
G. H* WILLSON, , Local . Forecast Official. .
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
11
AUCTION SALES
5^ AUCTION SALE
OF
STANDARD BRED AND GENERAL PTJB-
POSE
HORSES
108 HEAD OF MARES AND GELDIXG3.
((Bred at Rancho del Paso.)
TO BE SOLD together with
70 HEAD YOUNG MULES
At THE AMERICAN RIVER BRIDGE.
In the Suburbs of Sacramento, on *
THURSDAY. May 15. 1902.
And Continuing' on Succeeding Days Until All
Are Sold.
Sale Commences at 10:30 a. m. each day.
Terms Cash.
Write to JOHN MACKEY. Supt., for cata-
logues.--
FRED H. CHASE and W. H. HORD.
Livestock Auctioneer*.
£5 300 HORSES £r»
WILL BE SOLD AT 1140 FOLSOM STREET.
Carload EVERY TUESDAY until sold. These
horses are from the Plllis grant, and are all
broke and gentle, and weigh from 900 to 1400
pounds. Sale commences NEXT TUESDAY,
May 13. Also a choice lot of camp, peddling
and express wagons, buggies, carts and harness.
A CARLOAD OF CHEAP YOUNG HORSES.
Suitable for express, bakery and milk wagons,
consigned by Christie Ranch, Sacramento.
FRED H. CHASE- & CO.. 1732 Market st.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
IE7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at Q:30 o'clock, from the residence
of . her daughter, Mrs. J. J. Nlckolson, 125
Valencia street, . thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated ' for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Friends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services to-
morrow at 1 o'clock, at his late
¦ residence, 5G5 Greenwich street, - thence to
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TULLY— In this city, May 0, 1902, Margaret,
beloved^wife of the -late Hugh Tully, and
mother of Sister M. Bantist and Mrs. J. J.
Nickolson, a native of County Tipperary,
Ireland, aged 81 ytfars.
CE7"The funeral will take place to-day
- (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
y deDce, 3075A Twenty-fourth street, thence to
St. Peter'B Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing ' at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy' Cross Cemetery; ~ - * : .-. ¦-
SHANNON— In Oakland, May 10. 1902. Mar-
garet M., beloved daughter of Robert and
Margaret Shannon, a. native of Oakland, aged
2 years 9 months and 10 days.
C7FUneral and interment private. Please
omit' flowers.
SHELLEY— Irf this city. May 10, 1902, Helen,
beloved child of S. S. and Mary Shelley, a
native pf San Francisco, aged 1 month and
2 days.
SKINNER— In this city, May 11, 1902, George
A. W., dearly beloved son of Alexander ana
Mary Skinner, and brother of Charles A.,
May L., Annie F., William N. and Hazel
V. ¦ Skinner, a native of San Francisco, aged
20 years 1 month and 11 days.
ETFriends and .acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral sen-ices
at 635 Webster street, San Francisco, Mon-
day, May 12, at 2 o'clock.
QUINN— In this city, May 10. 1902, Mrs. Anna
Qulnn, j dearly beloved mother of Maurice,
Daniel, William and Frank Quinn and Mrs.
M. S. 'Davidson, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years. (Boston, Mass., papers please
copy.)
Cr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral . Monday,
May 12, at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1547 Pacific avenue, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem ' high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 9:30 - o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . Please omit
flowers. •;•'-¦
MARKS— In Oakland,'- May 11, 1902, Morris
Marks, beloved brother of Mrs. J. Samuels
- nnd Mrs. D. Aaron and the late Aaron
i Marks, a native of , Exin, Germany, aged 52
years and ll^r.onths.
NICKERSON— In Oakland, May 11. 1902. at
818 Sixteenth street. Lydla L. Nickerson.
mother of Mrs. S. C/ Howard, formerly of
\ Quincy, III., and F. E. and W. H. Nicker-
son and Mrs. Joseph ¦ Gerrie . of Chicago, and
grandmother of W. C. Howard, a native o*
New Hampshire, aged 82 years and 11
months.
NORTOfJ— In this city, May, 11, 1902, Reuel
Dana, beloved son of Dana and Anna Nor-
ton, a native ! of San * Francisco, aged 3
months and 21 days.
PETERSON — At Lytton Springs, May 10, 1902,
Henry F." Peterson, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 42 years 3 months and 12 days.
. E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday) at 11 o'clock, at her
late residence, 2934 Folsom street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. . - ¦.
MAHONEY— In this city. May 9, 1902, at the
residence of her brother, D. I. Mahoney,
Mira, the daughter of the late Denis and
Msrcaret - Mahoney. - ' ' . '
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited - to . attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from. her. late resi-
dence, 328 Francisco street, between Powell
and .Stockton. Cremation : Cypress " Lawi
Cemetery. .
LYONS— In this city, May 11. 1902, Thomas
• Lyons, beloved husband of the late Mary
Lyons, and dearly beloved father of Annie,
Daniel H. and John J.. Lyons and Mrs. J. H.
¦ Dunn, ; a native of Ireland. '
McCULLOUGH — In this city, May 10, 1902,
Mrs. E. J. McCullough, relict of the late
Hugh McCullough;. and beloved . mother of
Mrs. J.. H... Cattran and AVilllam K. and
Maurice McCullouxh, a native of New Ber-
lin, Pa., aged 72 years 11 months and 2
. days. ¦ (Wllke8barre papers' please copy.)
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day . (Monday), . at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, .1266 Fruitvale. avenue, near
East Fourteenth street, Fruitvale. Inter-
. ment Mountain View Cemetery.
LUDERS— In this city, May 9, 1902, Emma
Luders,' beloved wife of Otto Luders, and
mother of Rudolph Luders, a native of
Rostock, Mecklenberg-Schwerin, Germany,
aged 61 years 7 months and 27 days.
" • ICTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral services
to-day (Monday), at. 9:30 o'clock,, at the
funeral parlors of Valente, Marini & Co.,
1524 ..Stockton, street, between. Union and
Green. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. !
KLUMPP— In FruiU ale. at 1266 Fruitvale
avenue. May 9, 1902, Mrs. Pauline Klumpp,
widow of William Klumpp, and mother of
Hermann, Otto, William, Rudolph, Arthur
and Emit Klumpp and Mrs. Dr. II. E. Muel-
ler, a native of Germany, aged 72 years 6
months and 11 days. ¦• - ¦;.
CTTuneral and interment strictly private.
KERR— In this city. May 10. 1902, David,
dearly beloved son of William and Louisa
Kerr,' and loving brother of William Kerr,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 6
months and 10 days. ¦" , - ¦, - . ' ' -
E3"Funeral private. ..... ;:'-.; .
HILL— In this city,. May 10. 1002, Robert Lan-
der Hill, son of Boyle Travers Hill of Mount
Boyle, Cork. Ireland, grandson of the late
Sir Robert Lander, Baronet of Kings County,
Ireland, and father of Otto, Percy, Birdie
and - Ethel Hill. Mrs. May Markland and
the late Mrs. Dorothy Markland of San
Francisco, a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
E7"Funeral strictly private. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery. • . t . . .
JEWELL— In this city, May 11, 1902. Edward
Harris Jewell, beloved hubsand of Elizabeth
Jewell, and father or Mrs. E. M. Be»t, Mrs.
A." D: Pratt. Mrs.' Li Mulholland and Mrs.
L. Wlttmer, . and grandfather of Edwin.
¦Ethel and Walter Wlttmer, a native of New
York, aged 71 years 6 months and 22 days.
. San Diego and Morris, Sidney and Palmyra
Goldtree, . a native of •', Germany, aged 64
years. . ,-- .
E7" Funeral and interment strictly private.
By request, please omit flowers.
HELEMS— In this city, May 10, 1902, Edith
. -B.. beloved daughter of Emily J. Heiems,
aged 27 years. •'•; > -
'" PERSOXALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; lt cured hundreas of ailing women In
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 2S2, San
Francisco. • "1
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. . .
ELECTRIC light In every rocm — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms,
2T>c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $C per week;
fiee 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
first-class bfiir work: hairdreseing, 25c;
shampooing. 50c. J G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ton st. '
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT "less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trcuser«< at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor, 721 Market st. •
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth Bt. :
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr. G.S.Moore, 332 O'FarreH;send . for circular.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous halrj
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrt>. Briggc — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by. electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical' costuanef. 26 O'Farrell: country -orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c.- All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dr«s. Forden & Porterfleld. G Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
630 Market Street.
Pierce and California — Double corner, 50x120,
rrith six neat modern houses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th — Lot- 25x100; fine view.
Jones, near Jackson — Large lot and 7-room
hcuse: very cheap.
California et., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
hcures. 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage.
Geary St., opposite Hamilton square — House.
2 stories, 7 rooms -and bath; lot 22:6xS2:6.
Eureka St.; between 17th and 18th — Lot 50x
120. •with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
end stable; $4000.
Eureka Et., between 17th and 18th — S flats, 7,
and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$6000.
O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
27:0x120 to rear street, with 4 houses; -well
rented.
Arlington, between Natick and Roanoke — Lot
43x51 to 59 feet; only $400.
Golden Gate ave., between Pierce and Scott —
2-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister et.. between Pierce and Scott —
Firio lot. 25x137:6.
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st.; easy terms if desired.
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
Turk, between Buchanan and Webster — Lot
51x120. with six houses and flats; all rented.
FclEom. bet. 3d and 4th — Large lot; old im-
provements; rents $100; suitable for a hotel or
factory.
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent view and large lot; for
eale or trade for city property.
Tvro lots in Holladay May A cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 16th — 25 or 60x100.
Cheap lots In Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot; near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Baker and Lyon— Cot-
tage, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
CHEAP lot. $1275; Pierce, near Union; 28x82:6;
for 2 fiats; easy payments; $150 down, in-
stallments to suit; electric cars will pass in
front; a few steps from the Union- Bt. cars.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
KEW residence near the Presidio; sunny side
of street; half a block from Unlon-st. cars;
fine marine view; houses going up all around;
lot 25x107:6; only $3175; easy payments;
stone pavement; street bituminized; $800 first
payment. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
IF you are looking for lots to build flats on gc
and look at those 2 corners, NW. cor. Brod-
erick and Filbert, 08:2x75, $3000; SE. cor.
Webster and Filbert. 25x100, $1675; easy pay-
ments. W. J. GUNN, 630 California st.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable, at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILETT 322 Montgomery St.. or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
BARGAIN — New 5-room house, all modern Im-
provements; high finished basement: on car
line; small amount cash, balance like rent.
Owner on premises, Chenery & Falrmount.
TO let — Cottage; stable; 2 chicken-houses; 210
Chenery St.; lot 160x320. J. B. LEWIS, 436
Montgomery st.
NICE cottage out In .Mission; driveway and
stable attached; modern improvements. 213
Guerrero st.
HOUSE and two lots: 4 rooms, basement; near
electric cars. Address box 949. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
BEAUTIFUL suburban home 'about 15 acres,
Ean Leandro road. Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings,, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
eemi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and email tracts In Alameda, San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121. -
'• FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCX)
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
k to The Cotatl Co., 302 California Bt., for
v pamphlets and Information.
Eanta Clara Valley, San Joee' and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. Sc San J.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 peV year.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALiAMEp A REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alameda Land Company, ». .
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered In Alameda; fine home. 8 rooms an'l j
bath; lot 62x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st.
stations; a snap. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park st, Alameda.
$2000— NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 40x120; eouth
frontage.
$1080— Lot 40x120; Santa Clara avenue,
near Morton st. ; will build to suit. /
J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park St.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IT Is very convenient to be able to get hot
water without having to light a fire; it can
only be done wltn the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
I will sell you a well-built 8-room hcuse,
with, window shades, combination fixtures;
fine corner lot; and throw In a "Sunshine
Water Heater," all for $3500.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Sta.
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath In the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid view; Iaree lot: an ideal place for
a poet; only $3200. . JOS. J.- MASON. Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. ¦,
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
. etc.;; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICE sale — $5000 modern 8-room house;
Fruitvale; light; sunny; splendid view; $3500;
owner leaving. Apply 906 Broadway, rm. 23.
FOR rale — 5 acres. Hose ave. and High it.,-
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
MEDICAL. '__"
A-DR. O'DONXELL. world-renowned speclal-
* st - — Ladies, a'.l who are sick or In trouble,
oottFult th«r specialist on female complaints;
nur.ttrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; ihe unfortunate helped; relief In all
vases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved ihourands of most' obstinate
catts; frre. confidential advice on all Fubwts
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
XELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. ,5th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles*
«l>e<rlallft; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement: hours 9 to 6 and 7 to S. Re-
nte ved to 1C0SV& Market st.,- opposite 5th «t.
a: US. D. ¦WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
Irt. 30 years' experience, removed to 1008 U
Market St.. cpp. r.th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. BWEET. tW Guerrero, nr. I8th a grad
uate cf Royal University. Berlin, has 25 yrs '
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
lci-e and during confinement: best motherly
care; Infants adopted: confinements, $15- rm
& board $ 5 week; all who are sick or in trouble
K consult m.? before going cleew're. TeLBlue411.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S to 1126 Market St.
MKS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
!fct; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
_ f y_l OTr - 90G Marfc** st.. opp. Emporium.
trRS. D ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home b«fore and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
L ' R - ROSEN. 1007% Market St.. near Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIKS— Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
pnee ?2. Gleason's drug 6tore.Clay & Kearny.
DR. XG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Lr.lon Sqnare; all diseases cured by herbs.
__^_^JM1XES AXD MIXIXG.
rTWOj half -interests in two of the best mining
claims In Nome district. Alaska; party will
leave here the 20th of May; must have money
to operate. Box 330. Call office.
MO\EY^ TO JiOAlf.
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. - .
On undivided interests In real estate • ¦ • :
On estates in probate.
Cm legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 551G.
R. JicCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery et.. room 3.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN' MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6Vi and 6 per cent In sums to salt;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
tecond mortcaces. life Insurance and securi-
ties ; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terest* in real estate and legacies: will pur-
t base above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
AXY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
tiate. Interest in estates. legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle bis. GEORGE E. OLSEK.
1IOXEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
'.icusehold furniture, etc., at lowest rate of
interest ; private and confidential. TOMLIX-
SOX & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
Mi'XICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et. ; phone Red 1603.
'.IIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
i'heral advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st. ; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
• XY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
!nwest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
2G Montgomery Et.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
\ PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WKITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
s. F. DISCOUNT AGENXY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
¦ -X furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
: •¦ >\VE£T rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
'CI.FVIXG. C16 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
¦ iX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
; 10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. 5th fir.
' % OX furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
•J. A. LAKE, Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
<JXE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
*1000; eny security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
OAJ?H loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no lndoreer; Eastern
p!an. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL. IXSTRCMEXTS.
AS we are closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency on account of the sale of that con-
(cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
Ecrr.e epeclal bargains:
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber .1 65
1 Knabe , 95
1 Marshall 135
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
. 2 Steinway 265 to 885
:< Heine 233~to 3$5
2 Chlckering 195 to 280
5 Organs 15 to 35
Rents, $2; installments, $3, or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
rrd terms upon pianos, please bear In, mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment cf beet makes to choose from
SKERMAS. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers]
cor. Kearny and Sutter ets., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
AXY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price ; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Fajrell st.; established 1850.
. ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new uprieV.
pianos from $175 up. BF.NJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains when you are
enabled to get value received. You get more
than that in every piano purchased from us.
We cell the Wissner. Baumelster and Stod-
ard. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
769 Market St.
WANTED — Use of piano for Its storage, with
option of buying. MRS. HALE, 1012 Leav-
er, worth St. ¦ :
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.
Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at once. Room 2, 237 Geary st- ,
A FIXE Steinway upright, left on Bale; no
reasonable offer refused. 233-237 Geary st.
SJ^'AP — 2 only, new. $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from cata.logue,$250. Bruenn,208Post.
$17P;sxeat sacrifice ;almost new upright. Schmitz
& Co..,ie McAllister ct.. next Hlbernla. Bank.
BYRON MAUZY. 3W-3I0-312 Post st.; Sohmer
tnd other pianos and pipe organs.
Et'} ERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. 5!
MT.'LLrR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FIXE, roomy, new building, FUitable for whole-
sal* house; in the new buslnc-ss district; con-
taining 16.0C0 square feet; low rent. fiPECK
& CO.. 6C7 Market *t.
STORE and 3 rooms; Mission st., between 12th
and 13th; rent $15. Apply to C. S. CAPP Sc
CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market et.
TO LETT — A store at 1105 Buchanan st., near
Oclden Gate ave. Inquire 1Q61 Golden Gate.
LARGE, roorr.y store. C nice living rooms. 637
O'Farrell St.. near Hyde.
fcTORE with large basement, below Kearny;
elteratlons to suit tenant. 63C Clay, room 1.
PAIXTERS AXD DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures.' j"
-_C. ROMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY. ~7
*IME. G. L. NEEliGTATlD^readTTTrT 700
Port St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
M. JEItOME FOSELLI, scientific palmier,. 515
Tailor Bt.. bet. Geary and PoEt;tel.B!ack 56L '
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
Local' Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
: Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lt. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
'Ar« Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 9
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:85 p 3:15 a 10:54 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
' •• Visalia.. I 3:39pi 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a. ......
** Chicago. 2:15 p 0:00 p
a tor morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. daily.
8 p. m. Is the Overland Express/^with
through Palace and . Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
palace Sleeper, which cats out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
' Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; > 1113 Broadway,
_Oakland.'
S SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $ 4;. collections made;
city or country; PACIFIC COLLE(J' v «v>i
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tejf 55S0.
STORAGE
PIFRCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co , of-
fice Post ' and iPo well sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671:
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market "st ;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. • - •¦•/ •
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281. '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE — Kenilworth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley; 60 minutes' ride from
. San Francisco; completely furnished; in good
condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc. -.rent low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery St., or ROBERTS !
¦ Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
TYJ?EJVRITEItS : AND SUPPLIES.
G^EATTBTRG^^sntN^^pTEWRIT^S^W^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWHjPTING AND MKMjEOGRAPHiyG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eographliig. 927 Mark t. rm. 305; Howard 1539.
J . DIVIDEND NOTICES. -
-C. t ; — '
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16, second floor. Mills building, San . Fran-
cisco. May 6, 1902.— Dividend No. 200 of 42c
per share on the capital stock of the Contra
Costa Water Co. will be payable at the office
of said company, room 10. second floor, Mills
building, on May 1C, 1902. Transfer books
will close on May n, 1902, at 3 p.\m.
EDWARD McGAR Y, Secretary.
BIRTHS— MABRIA6ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
[-mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
| in at either of the publication offices and be
! indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
/ BORN. '
LOWENTHAL— In this city, May 10. 1902, to
the wife of Max Lowentbal (nee Baum), a
daughter. . " . ."-.•• ' - -
Barfred. Edward A.- Jewell, Edward H.
Bradley, Evelln ' Kerr. David • •
Campbell, Mary F. Klumpp, Mrs. P.
Christoffel. Catherine Luders, Emma
Compagno, Catherine Lyons, Thomas "
Dahl, Albert T. McCullough, Mrs. E.
Dunphy, John Mahoney, Mira
Ennis, Susan D Marks, Morris
Flaherty, Margaret ; Nickerson, Lydla L.
Finlayson, James Norton, Reuel D.- ¦ '
Frerichs, Louis . Peterson, Henry F.
Furlong. Mary A. Qulnn. Mrs. Anna .
• Garrity, Richard I. Shannon, Margaret
Goldtree, Nathan Shelley, Helen .
Heiems, Edith B. Skinner, George A.
Hill, Robert L. Tully, Margaret
BARFRED^-At South San Francisco, May 10,
1902, Edward Anton Barfred, a native of
Copenhagen, aeed 64 years. .-- .
IC7"Friends and acquaintances and mem-
ber of George H. Thomas Post No. 2," G. A.
R., .are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral Wednesday, May 14, 1002, at 1
o'clock, from Improved Order of Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R. Remains at
the irarlors of the Gantner & Guntz Under-
taking Comnany, 1209 Mission street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth. Interment . Na-
tional Cemetery. ¦ ,
BRADLEY— In this city. May 11, 1902, Evelln,'
dearly beloved daughter of John and Mary
Bradley, and sister of May, John and .Willie
Bradley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years 7 months and 1 day.
£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, .from the residence
of her parents, 328 Linden avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
CAMPBELLi — In this city, May 9, 1902, Mary
F., beloved wife of the late James Campbell,
and aunt of Mrs. G. Bkelly and Harry and
Bert McCarthy, a native of Ireland, aged C2
years. ; ¦,...,-¦- -
KyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 12, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Chattanooga street, thence to St.
James Church, corner of Twenty-third and
Guerrero . streets,- where a solemn requiem
high mass will be' celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CHRISTOFFEL— In this city, May 10, 1902,
Catherine, beloved wife of Jacob Chrlstoffel,
a native of Altona, Germany, aged 51 years
3 months and 12 days. - . ¦ . .
COMPAGNO— In this city. May 10, 1902, Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wlf«s of Lorenzo, and
mother of Emanuel, Salvatore. Joseph, Pas-
qualle, Antonio and Rose Compagno, a na-
' tive -of Italy, aged 47 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 12, 11)02, at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1423^4 California" street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, . where mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment New Ital-
ian Cemetery.
DAHL — In East Oakland. May 11, 1902, Albert
T. Dahl, husband of Emma Dahl and son oi!
Mrs. Thora Dahl, and brother of 'Walter A.,
Milton C. and Miss Gerda M. Dahl, a native
of Wisconsin, aged 31. years. and 19 days.
DUNPHY — In Alameda County, Cal., May 10,
1902, John, relict of the late Mary Dunphy.
and father cl John Dunphy, a native of
Harbor Grove, N. F., 1 aged 44 years. • ' -
ENNIS— In Sacramento, Cal., May 8, 1902,
Susan D. Ennis. mother of Scott F. and
Daisy J. Ennis, and sister of Mrs. D. H.'
Watklns, Mrs. Alice A. Love and George K.-
and William W. Coates, a native of New
Orleans, La.
•PLAHERTY— In South San Francisco, May
10, 1902, Margaret Flaherty, dearly beloved
wife of Patrick Flaherty, and beloved mother
of Patrick J., Michael F. and George S.
Flaherty and Mrs. H. Gardiner, a native* of
Ireland, aged C5 years. '
ET'The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1549 Twelfth avenue south, between
L and M streets south. South San Francisco
thence to All Hallows' Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment -Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers. ,
FINLAYBON — In San Rafael, May 0, 1902,
James Finlayson, a native of Canada, aged
(38 years. • . ... .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May 14, at 10 o'clock, from 905 Turk
street. Interment Cypress. Lawn Cemetery.
FRERICHS— In this city, May 10. 1902, Louis
Frerichs, beloved, son of Johanna and the
late Henry Frerichs, and brother of. Harrv
and Lena Frerichs, a native of New York,
aged 34 years and (i months. , . ¦ . .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May J2, at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr& Co., 1137. Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
FURLONG— In Vallejo, Cal., May 11, 1902
Mary A., beloved wife of the late Richard
Furlong, end lovlns motherof Richard Fur-
lor.g, and sister of Mrs-,. E. Doyle and John
and Thomas Brown, a ¦ native of County
Wexford, Ireland, aged 48 ¦ years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. Vincent's Church, Val-
lejo, where a solemn ' requiem mass will be.
celebrated for -the rcoose of her soul, com-
menclntt at 9:30 o'clock. ;
GARRITY — In, Sausalito, Cal., May 10 lOO 1 *
Richard I., beloved son of Mrs. Mary Gar-
rity, and brother of Mrs. J. A. Fay, aged
30 years 10 months and. 10 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), 0:30 o'clock, from his late resf-
dence, thence) to St. Mary'3 Church » (Sausa-
. lito), where a solemn high mass will be cel-
ebrated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cing at;10 o'clock, interment .Sausalito.
GOLDTREE— iln this i city, May 11, 1902
Nathan, beloved : husband of Auiruste Gold-
tree, and father of Mrs. L. Blockman of
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. •.
FUNERAL DIRECTOP.S AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., oppoulte Lincoln School.
N -..: • Telephona South 80.'
~~~ ~~~T < ] ' 7 ' ! — ; 7—
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. '
Office, 916 Market Street.
1 - - Telephone Buih 367. ' %
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J.-C. O'Con-
. nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
' lors at ; 1171 Mission „ St.. between Seventh ,
and;EiKhth. Telephone South 44. .- •
: JAMBS MCGINN,;" I
; Formerly .with - McGinn s Bros., has opened I
,'new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddyst., bet.' I
"Taylor and' Jones. : - Telephone South 576. • : .'. I
Via Sausalito Ferry,
-- Commencing April 27. ltidU.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLKY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
. WEEK DAYS— 6:45, »7:45. 8:45, 9:30. 11:00
a. m., 12:20, »1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »tJ:l3
6:45 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. doe* not
run 'to Mill Valley.
6UNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. •9:00. •10:00, 11:00.
11:80 a. m.. 12:30, n:30. 2:30, »3:45. 6;00, 6:oo
7:30. tt:45. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40, 8:15, •9:30,
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. *3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6:43.
10:15 d. m. .---..- . .
SUNDAYS— 6:00. «8:00, 9:30. Ml:00 a. m.
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:15. *&:*&, 6:4a!
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40, 6:40 7:45 8:25. 9:l\
11:10 a. m., 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 0:10. 5:20, 7:10,
1O 6UNDA™"S— 6:30, 7:55. ~-10:05. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 8:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. 10:40
*-'""• ."." . - THROUGH TRAINS. "
7:45 a. m. week days — Caxadero and way
stations. - ' ' , -
- 8:15 p. m. -Saturdays — Cazadcro and way
stations. • "^nMsashiiM
6:15 p. ns. 'week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a... m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run. on
Sunday time. . . ¦ -, - -. . ", -:,-\: .
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
BAULWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are dsr to arrive at .
SAN FKAXCISCO.
(Main Line, Toot of Market Street)
I.IA.TI — FBOM APBKL 20. 1902. — ABMTB
7.00-t Benicla, SaUuo, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 6.55r
7.00* Vacavllle, Winters. Ramsey 7. Sir
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Xapa, Callstoga, Santa Rosa. 625p
8.00a Davls,Woodl«nd, Knights Landing,
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7S5p
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2Sr
8.00a Xlles, Mendota, Haaford, Visalia,
PorterTllle 4.55?
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams •
(for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
Red Blnff, Portland 7.55?
8-30A San Jose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysvllle, Chlco, Red Blu3 4.2S>
8.30a Oakdale,Chlne»e,Sonora,Tuo!umne 4.2Sr
. 9.00a Vallejo- 12.25r
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,/
Tracy
KaymoQd.Freino and Los Angeles 8-25 a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7S5f
tiO.OOA Hayward. Nlles and Way Station*. t1 2.56? -
1 0.00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago... 525?
t1 .OOP Sacramento River Steamers.. tl 1 •OOr
3-OOp Benicia. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knight* Landing, \
MarysTllIe, Orovllle 10.55a
3.30p Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7. bar
4. 00p Martinez, San Ramon, VafleJo,Napa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa. 3.25a '
4. 00p Nlles, Livermore, Stockton. Lodl.. 12.2Sr
4-30> Hayward,NUes,SanJo«e,Llyermore t8.55±
440? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Talsre,
Bakersfleld, Sangus for Santa
Barbara. Los Angeles 8.55a
6-00? PortCo»ta,TracT,Lathrop,Stocktoa 10.25a
B.OOp Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t5.30? Nlles Local 7.25a
6.00p Hsyward, Nllcu and San Jose....... 7.S5a
tS.OOP Vallejo 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mall-* Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Lonls, Chicago . ...... 4.25?
7.00? San Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and War Stations 11.25a
J7.00? Vallejo 755?
8-05p Oregon & California Express— Sac- - ¦:¦'.>
;t»X> ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland, Pugct Sound and East. 8-55 a
re.iO? HaywardandNllea.,. t11.55A
COAST LINE Oarrow tiangej.
(Foot of Market Street.) ' '
}7-45a Santa Cruz Excursion 18-05?
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5-50?
• t2-15? Newark, Centerville. San Jose,
New Almaden. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 10-50A
4-15? Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t8-6OA
64-15? San Jose. Los Gatos, Santa Crni... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 3)
— tT : 15 9:00 11:00 a.m. LOO 3-CO 5.15 p.m.
From OAJtLAND. Foot of Broadway — +6:00 #:»
tS:Oa 10:00 a.m. 1200 2-00 4-00 p.m.
COAST LIN E (Broad «an S e).
(Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a'
t7-0OA San Jose and Way Stations -T8.00A
7.00a New Afcnaden.. fAAOr
{7.15a Monterey Excursion 28-30?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gtlroy. Salinas, San Luis Oblspo,-
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45?
9.00a San Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Lnis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations J 4.10?
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 83Sa
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
ai.30? San Jose and Way Stations a7.00?
T2-45? San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
PInos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del .
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove t10.45A
3-30p Ban Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Crnz and Way Stations 7.30?
t4.15? San Jose and PrtnctpalWay Stations 6.30?
t&.OO? San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations t9.00A
5.30? San Jose and PrlndpalWay Stations 6-30?
6.30? San Jose and Way Stations „ 7.30?
7.00? New Orleans Express — San Lnta
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An- .--•¦- i;
geles, Demlng. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East. 10.30a
«11.45p San Jose and Way Stations '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. - : .. , . ; !
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
b Saturday aad /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only. ' '• • .
ClLlFOfiMA NORTHWESTERN RL CO
t LESSEES
SAN ' FRANCISCO AMD NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAITT.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:3a,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Bxtrs trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 8:20 p. m. -
SAN nAKAUL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:S5.- 7:60. 8:20. IIjIS
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturday*
— Extra trips at 2. '05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 8:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ean Francisco] Mar 4, 1902. |San Francisco
Week I 8un- I Destlnax I Sun- I Wee*
Days. I days. [ tlon. | days. | Days.
f-.SOa 8:00 a Ignaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20 &
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
. 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 al Petaluma 10:40 al 8:40 a
3:3Cp 9:30 a| and 6:05 p|10:20 a
6:10 p) 5:00 p| Eanta Roaa 7:35 pi 8:20 p
Fulton t
7:30 a Windsor 10:20*
5:00 p Healdsbure 10:40 a - - '-
Lytton
Geyservllto :.;.'.;
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al . Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 6:00 pj Uklah \ 7:35 p| 8:20 v
7:30 a) 8:00 a| ' Wllllts | 7:35 p|. 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guerneville * [ 7:35p|lol20a
3:30 pi 5:00 p| - [10:40 a| 6:20 i>
7:30 al 8:00 a! Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40%
5:10 pi 6:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| Sebastopol 110:40 a |io72O si
»:3Op| 5:00 p| | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West 'Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla ; at Lytton - for Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and BoonevlUe'; ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelsey vllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Laka-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah 'or -Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurtl
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvlile.. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Half-Way House, Comptche.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Sher-
wood , Cahto Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Pepper-
wood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to - Monday round-trip tickets ¦ at
reduced rates.
-. On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦
Ticket office. C30 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
•H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen- Pass. Art.
SDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABJiY ST. Established
in 1834 for tU» treatment of Private
Diseases, I.OMt Manhood. Debility or
disease wenrlnron hodyanil mlml and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcnres when
others fall.- Try htm. « 'barges low.
*'nrr> S u»niM t red. Cull or write.
Dr. JT. *-. UIBBUX, san Francisco, Cat .
T1OUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ ~- Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. . San Fran.
Week Sim- Sun- Week
Dav »- davs - .*.**. -bm. .r^L* da y s - 5^
9:30a. 8:00 A. „,.» rttomiM i» T « at t-o 12:15 p. 9:15a.
6:15 p. 10:00 a. ' w- rl,. m . J 3:30 p. 5:5or.
11-30 A *-"-' w * tkl> »i 1 •»'»•.. 4-50 p
:r.r.: i;3o ?: "takes of tihlput 5:50 J; ;;;;r
2:30 p.. Op"*""* jo**™*. 8:15 p
SATURBXtS WLT— Lf.Tt Tlrem y.X r. .rri». gaa FranolMO 11:35 r.
' Tfck«l OOom. «Jl X ARSJtl SIREE'T^nd 8 AVSAUTO 7ZBKT.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAKD REAL ESTATE.
OAKLAND HEIGHTS— We have one of the
latest, modern, most convenient homes in
this beautiful section." close to Perry st.,' that
will be sold at a bargain; the house has a
rooms; everything finished In first-class style
and has a large lot; street work all done;
cement walks; owner has accepted "" a
permanent position In another part of the
State, and has reduced the price from $4000
to $.3000 for immediate sale. Call and we
will show you the place-. See us If you want
to Invest. Better cut this out for investiga-
tlon. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 471 Twelfth st.
FOR SALE — House ten rooms, large lot. 10
blocks from P. O. ; a bargain; going to leave
town. Call at 1724 Webster St., Oakland.
E. E.-BUNCE, 952 Broadway — 12 small farms
for sale; investigate; quick for bargains. E.
E. BUNCE, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ARIEL and sclar flats, 525-031 Turk — Hot and
¦ cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nished or unfur. ; tel. East 312, Sutter 41.
"BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny sulte», with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
EDDY, 724 (middle flat)— Fine front room,
newly -and well furnished; eun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 or- 4 adults; reasonable.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $12;
3, $20; 2 beds; also bath; single, $4 up.
! FOLSOM, 863 — Large sunny bedroom and con-
necting kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny partly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
LARKIN, 819 &— Large furnished room light
housekeeping; gas stove; $12 month. . .
MINNA, 281. cor. 4th — Furnished sunny house-
keeping; complete; cheap.
OAK, 117 — Extra fin? sunny suite, $16; suite,
$S; single, ?3, $7; all complete for housek'pg.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary — Large sunny room
and kitchen; gas stove; sink; bedroom; $7.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house: newly furn.;
double h's'k'p'g rms.; free gas; stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch . office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ' at 10'jU
Valencia st. . .
ROOMS TO LET — Forn. nnd Unf urn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In. California attached.-
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 50 nlffht: $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary —
' Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands;
•renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles;. day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1105 — Parlor floor, 4 large rooms, well
furn., suitable 2 physicians, or small club.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EARL House, 310 Stockton st.' — Chans p d
hands; elegantly furnished sunny suites; also
single; day, week, month; phone Brown 161.
ELLIS, 821 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
FOURTH, 607 — Sunny front bay-window rooms
nicely furnished; new house; $4 up.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave,, 758 — Lanfe sunny room;
running water; bath; phone;- reasonable.
HOWARD, 728 — Sunny single room, $6; large
one for 2; reasonable.
HOWARD, 959 — A nice front room for two; $8;
private family.
HOWARD, 1258, near 9th— Newly furnished
sunny rooms, $6 r.nd up; adults; quiet.
JESSIE. 303. near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed rooms, $4 per month and up.
MARKET, 1032— A nicely furnished sunny
front room, $2 a week; other rooms; $125
single; $1 50 double.
MARKET, 1344 — An elegant suite of sunny
rcoms. suitable for doctor. The above house
has changed hands.
MASON, 219 — Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites and single.
MINNA; 667. corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; /transient.
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh — Single fur-
nished front room, private family, $1 25 week.
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth — 2 unfurnished
rooms; water, sink and closets; rent $G.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POLK, - 1539 — Large front room; running
water; hot bath; $3 per month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; -week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
- floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUNNY furnished rooms to let In private fam-
ily for 1 or 2 Rerun; Harrison St., near
Fourth. Box 810. Call office.
SUNNY room In private family, with or with-
out board. 228% Eighth St.
BUTTER, 943— Unfurnished, beautiful connect-
ing rooms, closets, gas, suitable for two; rear
house; entrance not objectionable; appreciated
if seen; alcove separate If desired; light hkpg.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia st. «
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE Co-operators — Nos. 2 and 3, at 645 Folsom
st. and 4 and 5 Vernon -Place, are to be re-
furnished next week. These are nomes for
self-respecting, self-supporting girls with
small salaries; terms $2 50 and $3 per week.
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS, «45
Folsora et.: phone Red 6123T Miss Flora Bel-
linger, manager.
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
.. ¦worth — Nicely furnished rooms; j single and
suits; all sunny; table first .class.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE, 026 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy St., is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.-
..,___ -,,'-*_. -
BOARD and room In private family by young
attorney. Box 1765, Call office.
~ PROPOSALS.
ultfTvi^SIT^^^cTlffOTnlaT^
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned tllat
realed proposals or bids are solicited for
Informing the labor and furnishing the ma-,
tcrials necessary to the erection of .an addi-
tion tc the Bacon Art Gallery and Library
Building on the grounds of the University
of California at Berkeley, Alameda County,
and said bids or proposals will be received
* at the office of the secretory of the Board
of Regents, room 16, South Hall, Berkeley,
' Cal., -at or before 2 o'clock p. m. of the 15th
of May, ,1902. And notice Is hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of said
building- have been made and adopted and
ere jtlaced In the above-named office, whore
the same may, be seen and examined during
esch day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until the said 12th day
of May, 1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the .same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser . equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that, !f said bid or proposal shall be accepted
thf- party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
ar.d obligations !n accordance with said pro-
posal, and plans and. specifications, which
chall be and are hereby required to b'e a part
of such contract. The right to reject any and
all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an ' ace
entitled, "An act to amend an act entitled
"An act to create and organize the University
of California,' approved March 25.1808 and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1572. relating . to . the con-
struction of buildings," approved March 3,
1S97. By order of the Committee' on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents. "W I
A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.CALL CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSIONS OF MANNER IN WHICH SOME OF THE PRINTING PRESSMEN AND
THEIR GUESTS CONDUCTED THEMSELVES YESTERDAY AT PICNIC AT HARBOR VIEW, AT WHICH
MERRY-MAKERS DANCED AND ENJOYED THE OZONE DOWN/BY 'iaE BAY.
The second annual picnic of the French
Laundry Workers* Union No. 23, S. W.
and ¦ L. W. International Union, was held
yesterday at Germania Gardens, Presidio.
There was a large attendance and games
and dancing were enjoyed throughout the
afternoon. The "tombola" caused no end
of excitement, and chances of all descrip
tions were ' taken- from winning a gold
watch to a pjfrrot. Miss Mary Williams
had charge of the "tombola," and the
committee on i games and dancing was
composed of Louis Lamotte. Yvies Loza
hie, James Bouscat. James Domecq, J. P
Lafon and P. Poutous. .,
Laundry Workers' Picnic.
S £>ngsho G r a e! la8:her ' »™ L « and
Finance committee— Michael Casey, Gus
Hordes John McLaughlln. Daniel Keating and
•lonii Harper.
_ Floor manager— Val Reilly ; assistant floor
manager — Edward Burns.
_ Floor committee — Dave Carroll. James Mc-
Namara. Thomas Maher, James Kennedy Pat
rick Mullane and Patrick Morrissey.
• Game committee— Joseph Sullivan, John
Stewart. John Hardes. William Quirfelt Wil
am Langley, Ward Miller. William 'McAl
lister. M. Richards, Harry Rasmussen, Thomas
Daly and Charles Byrne.
Order committee— Fred Beck. Philip Leggett.
John Rogers, James Marron, John Lynch Don
P?,!", 1 ,' 11 *' x R1 chard Hcnnessy. Dave Llndower.
A\ llllam Heath. Ed McLau B hlln. William Spll
ler, George Hopkins, Thomas Jolly J j Casey
Thomas Patton, F. C. Smith, George Mattley
Joseph Burks, Alfred Hargraves, Charles
Regan, George Barton, D. E. Stephens William
Shelly. Frank Dunn,, Michael Tandy, John
Si!"? 11 .? 8 '' Henry.' Meyer. Harry Cornett. John
Mitchell, Henry Williams, Denis Casey
George Doran. Joseph Fredericks. Frank Con
roy. Frank Helwett. James Murphy, R Mc-
Carthy, F. Knorstman. Harry Smith Charles
Hardes, John Green,and William Coyne.
The committees were as follows:
flrIt We T ft T « c tv for 8hlp ' 8 clerks— Ed Kelleen
third McManus second and John Connors
Tnhn' r o^. I Jl h ' race ' J for oM m en— L,. Markey first,
John Smith second and J. S. Burns third
ii, m OUr i W i" ll n!?f e ' for committeemen— F. Wll
per third and \al Reilly fourth.
; te *2. th race - for committee of arranre-
2 n S d nt £T f F i? n n A i arke J: flrst ' Ed HannonlSSSd
and Pat Gallagher third.
flr !i lev |, n th race, "for fat men— W. H. Egan
SSfly 'SurtK " 8eCOnd> °- Keatln * thlrd - H -
ow?i h » r , ac ? '. 'onKshoremen— H. Rose first,
Jo h e a wLt 1 o I n r f k ou?th eCOIld ' GeOrge Han8en thIrd '
Eighth race, for members anly, best two out
of three heats, final heat— J. Rooker first,
Geor B e Melleen second. J. Reilly third, J
Heeney fourth and T. McLaughlln fifth.
Mnth race, for fat ladles— Mrs. T. Jolly
n«llV thl'd Sad ' e Anderson 8ecOnd . Mrs. con-
Sixth race, three-legged— Murphy and Sulli
van Hrst. Rooker and Forbes second and Mc-
Donald and Jessup third.
• Seventh race, for members' wives— Mrs. Cot
?u'iii"' 1 ' Mrs - McGu »re second and Mrs. Treanor
third.
Fourth race, for young men. run in three
heats, tlnala — Joe Sullivan first, George Me-
Fadden second and S. O'Brien third.
Fifth race, for married ladies— Mrs. N. Almie
nrst, Mrs. J. Brown second and Mrs. K. L.
Jackson third. ¦
• ¦'-¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
LrrubKlstc, 60c Haste. Richard & Co.. 40U Clay.
Be sure and see F. P. Sauerweh's noted
Indian painting at. William Morris' art
gallery, 248 Sutter street. Admission free.*
CRUSHED BET\VEEN TWO WAGONS.—
John Lamont, a; i lumberman, while ¦ loading
lumber at Sixth and Channel streets yesterday
forenoon, was pinned between' two wagons and
recllved ; Injuries which necessitated his re
moval to the: Emergency Hospital. . The ¦ in
jured ' man resides . at S the Excelsior lodglng
hefoee. Sixth and' Brannan streets. It is feared
that his injuries may prove fatal. .. . .
The police were notified yesterday that
the butcher shop of J. Gercoli, 1808 How
ard street, had been entered by burglars
some time Friday night ~ or - Saturday
morning. The telephone box had been
broken open and. 75 or 80 cents stolen, be
sides $1 50 worth of meat. Entrance had
been effected by forcing open a window in
the rear. - - . ,
Burglars in a Butcher Shop.
¦'• .Cafe Zinkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. , . *
.The United South, German Societies held
a very pleasant^ day and moonlight picnic
at Shell Mound Park yesterday. Athletic
sports and . dancing formed . the chief
sources of amusement for • the occasion.
The arrangements were, in charge of. Her
man Huber, A.* Stler., • . C. ¦ Fromme, J.
Hager and E. Noll.
German Societies Hold Outing-.
Bekins Van and Storage Co. have 100 locked
rooms for household goods. Office 630 Market. »
The well known druggist has been en
joying a tour of the\world with a party
of friends. They left' New York on May
15, 1901, In Emerson's yacht Margaret and
visited Europe and then proceeded to the
Orient. The yacht was sent home from
Singapore and the tourists came to this
country on a regular liner. .The party
will visit the Yosemite and Yellowstone
parks and proceed East in a private car.
The tourists are I. E. Emerson and
valet, Miss Margaret Emerson and maid,
Mrs. E. P. Jenkins, Miss M. L. Jenkins,
Dr. Smith McKim of Baltimore and Mr.
and Mrs. Gerard Stuyvesant , of New
York. •
"That stuff you gave me," said the cus
tomer, "is the greatest thing I ever came
across. You would make a fortune If
you put It on the market."
Emerson replied that he would like to
do so, but that it would take considerable
ca'pital. The result of the conference was
that the druggist formed a business com
bination with the wealthy man whose
headache he had cured. '.'Bromo-seltzer"
was put on the market and -well adver
tised, and the sales quickly reached enor
mous proportions and Emerson accumu
lated a fortune. .\ >
In about half an hour the customer re
turned and asked for another dose of tht
headache cure. He was accommodated
by Emerson and sent ori his way rejoic
ing. The next morning the wealthy man
again visited Emerson and advised him
to put the headache cure. on the market.
Emerson at that time kept a drug store
and was asked by his wealthy patron to
mix him a cure for | a headache. The
druggist did as requested and his cus
tomer left the store.
The fortune that Emerson has made
out of "bromo-seltzer" had Its foundation
some few years ago In a headache that -a
wealthy merchant of Baltimore was suf
fering from one spring morning. * • \
I. E. Emerson, who yearly sells many
tons of the famous "bromo-seltzer," Is at
tne Palace Hotel with a party of guests,
having arrived from the Orient on Sat
urday on the steamship Peru.
It is understood •' that Quartermaster
Hanley is- the unanimous- choice of the
delegates for the post of division com
mander.' . .: ' ;¦ ¦-.:¦¦ ¦--¦• .-."
In addition to the election of officers
the encampment will consider, the resolu
tion adopted by, the last State convention
of the Grand Army of the Republic ask
ing the Sons of .Veterans to hold their
encampments at the same Urne and place
as those held by the Civil War survivors.
Arrangements have been made for the
members of the Sons of, Veterans' en
campment to take an excursion on the
bay to-morrow and to partake of a ban
quet in the evening'. ;»'.•'
The present otticers of the Pacific Coast
division are as follows: - Division com
mander, C. E.-Washburn,- Los Angeles;
Benior vice commander, E..M,. Selby, Ven
tura; junior vice commander, F. E. Mun
eey, Los Angeles; adjutant, J. A. Medlar.
Los 'Angeles; quartermaster, Frank R.
Hanley, San Francisco. ¦
It is expected that more than 200 mem
bers of the division will be present this,
morning, when *j the ¦;, roll Is called, and
many, Important' matters are to. come up
for discussion. : . . ' .
i i A ; number of delegates arrived in this
city yesterday and registered at the divi
sion headquarters at the "Grand Hotel.
: The division comprises twenty-one camps
located in the States of California, Ore
gon, Nevada, the Hawaiian Islands and
the Philippines.;
The annual division encampment of the
Sons of Veterans' will open this morning
at Red Men's Hall, on- Post street, under
the auspices of Fair, Oaks Camp No. 15 of
Sari . Francisco.
Annual Gathering Opens
To-Day at Red Men's
, Building.
George Hunter, an ironmolder living at
Fifteenth and Howard streets, got mixed
up in a fight in Fred Ahren's • saloon
Fourteenth and Natoma streets, early yes
terday morning, and was struck on the
head with a beer glass, which cut hia
scalp. He was taken to the Emergency
Hospital. John Crowe and Arthur Nagle
who took part In the fight, were arrested
for disturbing the peace.
Fight in a Saloon.
I. E. Emerson of "Bromo
Seltzer" Fame Is iri ;
the City.
VETERANS' SONS
IN ENCAMPMENT
ALAMEDA, May 11.— School Census
Marshal Charles Frost has completed his
returns for this year. He reports the
population of the city to be 17,359, an in
crease of 711 over last year. The number
of school children between 5 and 17 years
was found to be 4129. an increase of 66 over
last year. The number of children be
tween 1 and 17 years is, according to the
last census, 5272.
ALAMEDA CITY SHOWS
A GROWING POPULATION'
George Pritchard.
Thomas W. Lewis.
DENVER, May 11.— George Pritchard,
;in actor, is dead of typhoid pneumonia
at St. Joseph's Hospital in this city. He
was leading comedian of the Denver The
ater stock company when stricken with
illness. Pritchard was 31 years of age.
His mother lives at Griffin, Ga.
KESWICK. May 11.— Thomas W. Lewis,
a pioneer real estate mail of Keswick,
died last night. He ¦was a large property
owner, both here and in the smelter town
ot Delamar.
Captain James Octavius Mitchell.
LONDON, May 11.— The death is an
nounced of Captain James Octavius
Mitchell, the famous
Henry E. Harris.
DCLUTH, Minn., May 11.— Henry E.
Harris, aged 35 years, author of "The
King of Andorra," died here to-day of
OAKLAND, May 11.— The Sixth Ward
Improvement Club has been organized.
Following are the officers: President, A.
Kayser; vice president, P. Conradi; sec
retary. W. T. Sagehorn; treasurer. Col
onel H. S. Bendel. The club purposes to
advance the improvement of the -ward,
notably to force abatement of various
water front nuisances; to secure .bettar
6ewering, to open streets through to the
harbor and to compel in general a better
ment u'.l along th> line. Residents and
property owners complain that the city
vov^rniiKnt inns tco long overlooked the
district, which hat. received nothing from
the municipality but absolutely necessary
sewers. The projectors of the new organ
ization have in hand a vigorous campaign
jo secure recognition from the "powers
that be" and that shall be. '
Secure Better Conditions Along
the South Side.
Property Owners Open a Campaign to
SIXTH WARDEHS FORM
I&PROVEMENT CLU3
Largest Crowd of Season Gathers at
Schuetzen Park.
The largest crowd. at_Schuetzen Park
this season took advantage yesterday of
the second annual excursion and picnic of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters. . Fully 4000
people were present.- _ A large number of
teamsters -were delegated to keep order,
while six regular policemen -were detailed
from this city.- to * - preserve ¦ peace and
quiet. In the morning, dancing . was. the
chief amusement, while In- the afternoon
games, races, tug-of-war and other ath
letic contests occupied. the attention of a
vast throng. The summary of races was
as follows: -.
' First race — Girls under 10 years old — Llllle
Rozzella first, Adelema Eucome second, Edna
WUson third.
' Second race, boys under 12 years — Robert
Dooley first. Willie Johnson second and George
Snyder third.
Third race, for 1 young ladies — Miss Maggie
Cronlan flrnt, Miss Josle 'Johnson second and
Mies Belle Smith third.
TEABtSTERS ENJOY OUTING.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 11.— Henry Kil
patrick. a wealthy and prominent ranch
man of Gilead, Nebr., and the oldest
brother of the 'lilpatrick brothers of the
firm of Kilpatrick Bros. & Collins, rail
way contractors and sole owners of the
Cambria and Newcastle (Wyo.) coal
miles, died at his home near Gilead,
Nebr.. to-day of tuberculosis of the
bowels. He was 33 years old.
Henry Kilpatrick.
Jesse Stone was a capitalist, banker
and manufacturer, and was born in Eng
land in 1S36. He was twice elected to the
office of Lieutenant Governor on the Re
publican ticket: served three terms in the
State Assemble was delegate to the Na
tional Republic 4k conventions in 1888 and
IS32. and was a former member of the
Republican State Central Committee. •
WATERTOWX, Wis.. May 11.— Jesse
Stone, Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin,
Oied to-night, after a lingering Ulness,
from cancer of the stomach. He under
went an operation in a Chicago hospital
recently.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
ptomaine poisoning. He was a son of the
late A. A. Harris, a distinguished Vir
•ginia Confederate officer. Harris leaves
a wife and daughter. He was engaged on
another novel with scenes laid in Spain.
The remains will be cremated.
FORTUNE DUE
TO HEADACHE
None on the grounds walked so proudly
as did Harry Barber. There was good
reason, too, for his Illuminated smile, for
Harry— lucky, well favored Harry
eclipsed all competitors for the prize "for
the best looking pressman." Simultane
ously with the honor of polling the high
est number of votes a bright new ten
dollar gold piece was placed in his hand
by Wilke. Wilke, however, is not quite
satisfied with the decision. He himself
felt that he was entitled to preference in
the matter of "looks," though he admits
A. Wilke, chairman of arrangements,
watched the door, which was "pie for
him," that none should obtrude their
presence into the sacred ' grounds unless
armed with the official passport. Wilke
beamed with benevolence and good nature
throughout the day and had a warm wel
come for his many friends. His colleagues,
John Duckel, George Bond ancl George
Boison, were indefatigable In their solici
tude for the people at the great gather
ing.
S\N FRANCISCO Printing Press
men's Union No. 24 enjoyed the
sixteenth annual picnic and out
ing of the organization yesterday
at Harbor View Park.
1 The attendance was large and the enter
tainment provided was In every sense
most enjoyable . and therefore enjoyed
hugely.
that' Barber is a twentieth century
Adonis. . '. .
After the decision had. been announced
Barber's popularity grew at such a rate
with the fair ones that his programme for
the -dances was Inadequate as a recorder
of would-be ' waltz partners.' •¦
The printing: pressmen's outing was in
every, regard an unqualified success. • .
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 12, 1902.
PRINTING PRESSMEN AT HARBOR VIEW
ENJOY THEIR SIXTEENTH ANNUAL PICNIC
j|eali|W|ather and; Lavish';; Hosp(&[jty . Assurei; Day r 6Kpeiightfu| Pleasure^
Harry Barber Wins Prize in Competition for "Best-Loo
but Wilke Is Not So Sure About the Judgment of the Fair Voters
12
80LDBKE3, BOWEH *CO'S SPECIAL SAVING SALS
BOWEfi
SCO.
Special Saving Sale
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Porcelain ; refrigerators tile
and oak exterior— full as-
sortment
Mandarin Nectar-Ancoombra Ceylon-
good teas and popular ones — -_,.
reg'ly 60c lb 5 OC
Goose liver
Teyssonneau — French sandwich " ' -
paste— reg'ly 25c can - ZU{ "
Cre 0 1 e rice
Cooks white and dry . r lb carton acq
reg'ly ioc lb IO •« O C
Vigor cho'co'lat e.
Kraft German medicinal chocolate r ?q
reg'ly 65c lb
S:.t r in g beans
Young tender cut beans— | O £
reg'ly 12I/2 can (j oz
San d s o a p
GB&Co — removes dirt and grease
quickly— smooth enough o f nr _ rr
for .washing the hands- ° TOr 2 5 C
reg'ly 6 cakes 25c ¦]
Tomatoes
Hesperian— reg'ly ioc can for2CC
Solid packed— reg'ly 35c jar 2 for
Fa rd dates
Finest black variety— ;
reg'ly I2^c lb IoC
Cas tile soap
French— white bars— r
reg'ly 30c— lot of lather Z S^
Gel a t i n e
Cox — refined — sparkling — -makes - -£
3 pts — reg'ly 20c large package ' .
j Sar> Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
B0LDBSS3. BOWE^CO-3 8PIC1 At 8 A 7W (J 3H.I
Codfish
Eastern — selected boned Georjjes fish —
reg'ly 65c — 5 lb box r*£
Sardines
French— boneless — extra fine , rr
value— reg'ly 30c large can 2 3 C
M et a 1 polish
Sunshine^ — free from jjrit — not sticky —
contains no acid — is rapid — easy —
special — with brilliant re- , r<tnc ~ r -
suits— reg'ly I2#c can ? Cdnb 2 5 C
Preserved ginger
Crosse & Blackwell — the tender stems—-
Wholesome—^delicious— - f jnrr
reg'ly 35c white porcelain jar ) oc f
Clare t
V Zinfandel — pure — mellow — ._ r
fruity — reg'ly 50c gallon 4 ot *
Bee r
Everard— nint* fti -»f
Canada malt lager — pnu» <?»«3S
mild— stimulating— nniirtc «-> ir\
reg'ly $i-55 $2.35 <Ioz QUartS IO
Verm out h
French or Italian — slightly bitter — r r
white wine— reg'ly 60c quart »°^
Whisky
Old Crow bourbon 1893! $1.25 b'tle $1
Hermitage rye 1894 gal $4
Demijohns holding j .
more than the bottles, each $1.
Greme de Menthe
Marie Brizard & Roger — green — 6CC
reg'ly pts 75c qts $1.40 #I.2O
Smelling sal ts
Crown — • ->rc—At\r
reg'ly 30c 50c bottle 4°^
Veget able si icer
No waste— slices apples bananas
beets etc — for Saratoga chips in
various designs j
Listerine— large bottle 6CC^
Eau de quinine — Pinaud — ¦
medium bottle— £r c
Florida water M&L— regular price at^
Cata'oiut with prices compute— free
Camping estimates for 2 — 3 — 4 persons
— full of good suggestions and good
things to eat — call and get one.
43i P.ne 232 Sutter 2800 California
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DBSCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD.LBVER.UJMGS.
/« • -n tt '¦"V Beds. Chairs. Stoves, Etc.
I -A I«H 3 B Tents for Rent and for Sale.
I M IhS ILf Gun.-, nines, KL-hlng T.ickl-
L J /-A If 1 B arul Sportlne Goods. Send
£M JL I J. Ml for Catalogue. SHREVE & .
BARBER CO.. 73!) Markepi
,__ St., and 511 Kearny it. i *
WeeHy CaB $1.00 bbt Year
@^k ¦ ¦ ¦ '
2 1
The firm of Rosenthal, Feder &
Co., 9 and 11 Sansome St., 8. F,, will
0
retire from the jobbing business. AH
goods to be closed out at 18 per
cent less than original invoice
price.
Such an opportunity to purchase
from this immense stock of snappy
up-to-date goods has never been
offered on the Pacific Coast.
Write for price list.
Goods must be sold by June 1.
WILL BB CLOSED WEDNESDAY MAT
14 (GROCERS 1 DAY). . '.. .'
We will all so to Schuetzen Park. We
think our clerks deserve . an outing.
BUTTER, goo* »ad iweet. ier. square 3OC
The same brands .that -'others' special at
.¦ 32%c. ¦ ¦¦'. , -. ....-¦.--./ ¦ . ¦
ECCS. extra fincy quality, per doi'n ; 2OC
1 Direct, from. Highland Poultry Farm. Xo
. better, laid. ' ¦
OIL, para imported Tncoa. qnart boitls 6Oc
¦ Crosse &-BIackwell's- London. Heg. 75c.
C/ Tt. UP, tnider's home m*ds, pintb.ttles 2Cc
. Every bottle Js guaranteed. Reg. 25c.
OLIVES' the extra large ripe, per qaarc 25c
Small! pit. ' jet black kind. Reg. 30c.
BEEF, potted, makes nioa 3indw:ch>g,
. tim, 3 for v • ; ¦ 25c
, The Franco- American brand. Reg. 10c
SOUPS, K»pp* ttreet. 1-lb tins, I eaai 25c
,' -.While 1 , the supply lasts. : Reg. 10c.
PICS' FE iT, w ola, 1-lb tint. 3 eaoi 25c
The best brand, Llbby, McNeill & Libby'e
CHOCOLATE. Oh:rap4elli*». :-lb tin. 25c
,."¦ A'.meal a minute. '.¦; Reg.' 30c. '. ,
FLOUR, Bond b Boston Brown brsai, pkg |Oc
4 lbs.; to a pkg. '.-; Have been sold for 25c.
SOAP, fcls-Kapth*. Jarj[e eakis,' 6 for 25c
Housekeepers say it makes washing easy.
M A a Nl A -AD is , home mads, la-ge glastes,
- . - ¦ . ' 3 for 25c
.. Like mother makes. Don't miss this. ,
WIUSH, I«tnpin2-lb piekaje*. ifor 25c
- ,We receive dally, from mill.' Reg. 10c pkg.
MONEY BACK OF ALL OUR GOOD THINGS
TO EAT.
T. H. CORCORAN <J CO.
; .. 1201 VALENCIA ST. "
Phone Mlssicn^a..-, - SE. cor.\23d ¦ at. r
T.H. CORCORAN SCO.
2-DAY SPECIALS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • • JL \m*J M. V. • • • '
'" S " ' ' ¦
200 PIECES BEST QUALITY IRISH PRINTED
DIMITY, exclusive designs and In all the new colorings,
such as Blues. Pinks, Graus, Layencler, Castor and Black
and White..... Price 25c Yard
" 100 PIECES SCOTCH TENNIS SHIRTING FLANNELS,
all new patterns, In stripes, checks and solid colors
sultahle for ladles 1 shirt waists and gentlemen's shirts
....Price 35c Yard
200 DOZEN LINEN HUCK TOWELS, all red hOPders
and hemmed, 18x32 Inches..... Price $1.00 Dozen
Regular value $1.5O.
25 PIECES 50 : INCH .ALL-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR
CHEVIOT in two-tone Chevron effects, sultahle for suits
and skirts. ........Price 75c Yard
Regular Value for SI. 5O,
¦ . :-¦ ' •¦
LADIES' 2-CLASP LISLE AND SILK GLOVES 111
White, Black, Modes, Pastlaueand Grans
••• 5Oc 9 75c and $1.00 Pair
SPECIAL QUALITY BLACK SILK M01RE VELOUR,
the most popular weave at present for silk coats and.
skirts. ...Price $1.00 Yard
MAIL ORDERS Dromptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
F 'GIBiONT T
0B5ER\2r\T10N> Ns4.
j Publijhed bjr^VourBoiomFricndT every oi\cc in a while
Here's a tip to my competitors.
I I'll tell them the "whyfor" of my success.
Now, listen. |
I started in a very small way. I grew — grew
1 pretty fast, and now I've quite a good-sized store.
I made a success of my business because I made a
I success of ever}' sale, a friend of every purchaser. I gave
j everybody a square deal and full value for his money.
: I attended to every detail of my business person-
: ally, bought what my trade demanded and bought it
right.
II charged an honest living profit, advertised,
worked hard to please people and succeeded. . j
So there, Mr. Competitor, is my tip to you.
JohliXCibiOA^Y^urB^^mFriend"
I Furnish! n"0 v^r Gentlemen I
$ p,.^,-. .¦ ., v- •-• V- ~:w~~ ,— r. ~, -...^^.
XtuS is one 01 uti neu maigs we shuw for 1Su2. just tne tiang ior cna- ;
dren. Call and see our new and nobby things just in. Ask for 1902 Catalogues. ¦
j &tsjpeba&erT%ros* Commky I
J MARKET AKD 10TH STS.. SAN FRANCISCO. '
0 Makes your Eys-Glasses as a
W Kelpfu 1 , Restful, Becomln?, m
Xm With C!i. s that hold, ;yet do g
»1 not wound the nose. • Wl,
6 4^W^ketStjO