VOLUME XCI— NO. 149.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FBANCISCOf iMGKDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
NATIVE SONS ASSEMBLE IN SANTA CRUZ
FOR THE SESSION OF THE GRAND PARLOR
MERRY NATIVE SONS ' ON THE
WAY TO THE GRAND PARLOR
IN SANTA CRUZ.
Boston Enforces the • Sunday > Laws.
BOSTON, April 27.— There was a .very
CORK; 'April , 27.— Several thousand per-
sons-gathered.;here to-day and with 1 " en-;
thusiastlc' demonstrations welcomed Vwil-'
Ham' O'Brien back to Ireland. In '} a
Welcome Return of Irish Leaders.
' WINNIPEG.' Man';,' April 27.— The house
of Jean -Baptlste Monchan, ' a French
butcher, residing in St.'. Norbert settle
ment, was destroyed by. fire last night and
five children .were burned 'to death. An
other is % dying and the father and mother
are in a serious condition. The family
were not awakened until too late to es
cape. . ¦
Five Children - Die in Flames.
Chicago Judge Declares Man Who
Beats His Spouse Deserves
Death,
CHICAGO, April 27.— "A woman owes a
duty to hereof and to her fpx,'' raid
Ju-ge Tuthlll yesterday, in granting a
<iivorc<» to Mr*. Selma Langan from Ed
ward K. Ivingen. "to get a revolver and
kill ruch a brute as this man proved hlm
eelf to be. If rhe Is afraid to do' it, her
male relatives ought to do it for her."
Lankan beats the drum In an orchestra.
IDs wife said thst when he was not bcat
l&C the drum ae was beating her. •
KAYS THE WIFE SHOULD
KILL BRUTAL HUSBAWD
Admiral Schley will be the gue3t of tha
city until Wednesday night, when he will
visit several cities in Mississippi. To
morrow -morning a parade will be given
In Ijorior of the admiral and his wife. Tn
the afternoon he will bo presented with a
silver service and in the evening- a ban
quet will be spread at the Gayoso Hotel.
Tuesday morning there will be a reception
at the Cotton. Exchange and in the after
noon a regatta .excursion on the Missis
sippi. At night there will be a grand bail
under the auspices of the ladies of Mem
phis. On Wednesday the admiral will b«
handed over to his Masonic brethren.
MEMPHIS. Tenn. , April 27.— Rear . Ad- •
miral .and Mrs. W. S. Schley arrived la
Memphis over the Southern Railway thl»
afternoon and were at once driven to their
rooms at the Gayoso Hotel. A reception
committee met - the ¦ visitors outside '. the
city limits. . and - escorted them to" Mem
phis. Several hundred people were, at the
station to bid them welcome.
HEAR ADMIRAL SCHLET
THE. GUEST OF MEMPHI3
; In v the "other. direction the flames ran to
the extreme end of the beach.; ,The prin
cipal structures- destroyed in addition to" !
.the j casino ';.: were' '.Walsh's .hotel j and
Wrlghtman's ' ."Aquarium." • ; f Most . of : the
loss falls, on Beachman.i the Staten Island
brewer,'; who owned Walsh's ind Hergen-
ham's^places. It is- said; that there .was'
little insurance. * .;''•> . ;l
..NEW, YORK, April 27.— South Beach, a
batfiing. resort on the Staten Island shoe©
'just: outside the Narrows, was fire-swept
tofhight , ! every, structure along the beach
for. a distance of 2500 feet being destroyed/
Involving a loss estimated at $150,000. The
resort is not yet open for the seacon, and
.¦most ¦•of,/ the .-places destroyed were not
Iterianted. ' The fire started under the mu
''elcvhall (of -the casino of Albert Hergen
ham^;who'with his wife, and two waiters
had. come. down In the morning to prepare
for- the opening of the season. As the
music hall had snot been opened it is sus
'p'ected'.that'.the fire was of incendiary ori
gin. In" a\few, minutes the whole struc
ture Was > ablaze, and before the engine
could"; be / summoned from Stapleton the
flames had; attacked the frame structures
on v : either *lde*and was traveling fast east
a'nd v west -along the beach. The : spread
of; the'j fire , "was finally checked: to the
westward i at Miner's hotel, which was"
badljr : damaged.
Shore Sustains a Heavy
• - Loss.
South- Beach' on the Staten Island
FIRE ; SWEEPS OVER
'¦I' - / A BATHING RESORT
Resolutions were adopted • denouncing
Great Britain and imploring the Govern
ment of the : United . States • to take the
Jr.itiative in an. endeavor to obtain, the
'united 'action -of/ all nations. to. "stop 'this
unholy mode of: warfare." . ;. ;
All' this, talk about- peace -In South Africa U
made for th* purpoee ofgettln* 'recruits' an i
mcn#j In England. ;7t wiirerid'i-lth'the Bi'Cre
flfchtln* harder than ever.' /AVe will fisl't on to
toe l'appy. end for ¦ the . Hbjrtvfof • all : '-Sou'h'
Africo and you will live to see it'frcvi unOer.ltB
own B*K- '¦',-¦' '. '¦ ''<•.!'¦]{
MILWA UKEE, April 27.— Rev. Herman
D. Broekhuysen, late ..chaplain: of /.the'
Transvaal Congress, made .an vimpas-
Eioned appeal for J the ' Boer | cause before
1500 Milwaukee people at. the Exposition
building to-night. In the course - of - his
remarks' he said:.
LONDON", April 28.— Cabling- from; Jo
hannesburg under date of April 25, the
correspondent of "the Dally/ Telegraph
sa^-s that General Delarey with his staff
arrived at Klerksdorp.Tranvaal.j yester
day. Special dispatches received;; here
from Pretoria show that General Delarey
had been In consultation '.with : his' com- s
rnand two days previously, and,' that
othfr Boer leaders . are" etill conferring
with the burghers.,. From "this it' is in
ferred that the prospects for- peace are
impro\ing. . • •¦ ' •. ' ¦'¦','¦ ' ' )'.
The new system . thus would be com
posed of Senator Clark's Los Angeles
road, of the Goulds' Missouri Pacific and
Wabash and of-the line from Cleveland
to either Baltimore or 'Newport News.
Connections have been secured out of
Cleveland to Zanesville, Ohio,' and' thence
to Bellinger, \V.Va., whence a connection
wiil be made with Newport News or Bal
timore either by purchase of the Western
Maryland, owned by the city of Baltimore,
or by the building of a new road. .
Kerens, in an interview. ¦ confirmed the
recent-reports that the Goulds have be
come interested. with Senator Clark In thia
enterprise, and that the outcome • of the
alliance' would be a new transcontinental
line. :
CHICAGO, April Kearns of
Utah, Perry". S.. Heath, also now of Utah,
and R. C.. Kerens: of St. Louis spent to«
day In Chicago conferring regarding the
affairs:, of , the Los Angeles-Salt Lake
Railroad.
Mexican Authorities Capture ; Kratz.
':•'• ST.V LOUIS, ' April,. 27.— Ex : Councliman
I Charles Kratz, - indicted- for bribery "in
connection with the St. .Louis Suburban
Street Railway franchise legislation -and
a £ fugitive from justice, - Is in 'jail at
Guadalajara, '¦_' Mexico's according* to a dis- ;
¦ patch} to 'the /Chief \of; ; Police; from : that
1 city.'/ \.\-X ''''''¦¦'¦' ¦'
Up From New York
"- >/: .VV "- -: PulpitS.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The physicians
in ' attendance * on ; Archbishop • Corrlgan
visited him to-day.' and, after a consulta
tion upon the morning developments, the
following bulletin was issued:
•; The " Archbishop's condition Is in all re
spects satisfactory. V- ' , 'v'/-/-",'-,
.,-,,:. . E.-L.-KETES. M. D.,
. .-. ....-FRAKCIS DELAF1ELD. M. D. •
; Father Curley".' Archbishop Corrlgan's
secretary, 1 Bald ,the ¦ patient's ..condition
was SO' far improved that the doctors had
decided to add to his diet.. ". : \
I At S,t-- Patrick's Cathedral and from the
pulpits .throughout' the city prayers were
offered for the 'Archbishop's speedy, re
covery. / ' : ._ - .' ( ; ;; ¦¦' i ' . .'¦ . \ ; . ; . • ¦
x Referring to a cablegram from. Rome,
printed , to-day; that .the Pope had ¦ dic
tated- Jetters, to the American .; Bishops
with, a view^ to making Archbishop Coni
gan a : cardinal; . Father ', Curley" said the
report. was not: true.
Prayers for the 1 Suffering Prelate Go
ARCHBISHOP CORRIGAtf \ : ¦/¦ v;
-CONTINUES TO IMPROVE
Delarey and Other Leaders Sub
mit the Overtures to the
Men Under Them.
Reports of the Pat tnership Con
firmed by Senator kearns
of Utah.
The Diamler Motor Car Company. Is pre
senting a». twelve-horsepower automobile
of : similar pattern top that '-. which \ it is 
building for the King. --Agoodiyeum "will
be got out of this, 'as there > are .200 'tickets'
selling at ' $25 each". iThjpre Is ; quite' a rush!
for these tickets already, and; oulte, half
the number, have' been disposed ; of. - • . . j
'The Baroness'von Eckhardstein.ia, It Is
said, getting all' sorts of extraordinary
things on , the : ground a t the Royal Bot
anical Gardens. For. instance, she is go
ing Vto; have, an old 'Nuremberg; houso:
erected, , as wpII' as ;:a' tent, for ping-pong,;
a shooting jj gallery, ' a ; skittle ; alley.-.'and
also a kiosk, where cigars and cigarettes
wtfl be sold. .'.. : ' . ; '- ' v
LONDON, April ' 27.— There will certain
ly, be some novelties at the coronation ba
zaar in aid. of the; .'great Ormonde-street
Hospital for .Children, . if ; all' one hears :be
true. I have Just beard that Queen Alex
andra is not only; going to open a bazaar,
but will sell at aTeta-U. throughout : th*e. first
day. This, | of: course. Is merely 1 report,
but it Is "an example of the " general sort
of stories going around..
Ep»ciai Cable to'--The'- > 'Call 'and the New Tork
Herald.- Copyright,' .'1002, • by the Herald
Publishing Company. .. . - . y
Children's- Hospital Fund
• ' Movement
— — ; I ¦ i ¦• ' .'
Queen En ters Heartily Into the
i5T. LOUIS. April 27.— Latest develop
ments in the Wiggins Ferry Company
deal indicate that the Atchison, Topeka
and Eanta Fe Railroad has purchased the
St. Louis, Ka'neas City and Colorado line,
which was owned by ex-Governor D. . R.
Francis and John Scullln, both of St.
Louis. This would insure the Santa Fe
valuable World's Fair sites and give St
Louis an additional line to Kansas City,
and probably to Chicago, over the Chi
cago. Pecria and Et Louis line. The San
ta Fe originally owned the Colorado line,
but as the latter was ' not a paying prop
erty it was sold to Francis and'Scullin
for J500/x» about a year ago. They had
mapped out a comprehensive plan to run
the line to the western limits of MIs
potiri, and have a right cf way tra\-erelng
th* % State. John ScuIIin was also presi
dent of «h<» Wipginfi Ferry Company, the
deposition of the majority of the stock
ol •tvhi<-b company is now disputed by
two Et! Louis trust companies, who pive
it out that they are purchasing "for oth
ers."
as the Purchaser of the Col
orado Line.
Developments Point to the Company
SANTA FE IS THOUGHT
TO BE BEHIND THE DEAL
SAYS GOULDS
ARE BACK OF
CLARK ROAD
general compliance with the police or
der, enforcing the "blue laws" to-day. A
few fruit dealers in the tenement dis
tricts are reported to have made som«
sales; ;a'hd if -these can be proven the vio
lators will -be .prosecuted. The Sunday
laws. were, more strictly enforced than a
week ago, -and; even newsboys were driven
from the : streets at noon time, making
the . day, an extremely quiet one for Bos
to'n. ¦' :.''....-: //..•¦ ,..'.' - . j . -•'¦
etc., that will b* retained in Cuba for tha
United States naval stations which have been
arranged for by the treaty with the Cubaa
Government. The troops -will be stationed at
Havana. Santiago and Clenfuegos.
The. Secretary says that no claim ha»
been made by the United States for th«
settlement of the sums expended In free
ing . Cuba, but that the matter will be
taken up when the Cuban government has
been perfected.
The party will leave at once for Wash
ington.
War Root and Mrs. Root and daughter
arrived here from Cuba this afternoon
on board the government yacht.
Regarding the trip, Secretary Root said:
My visit to Cuba was for the purpose of ar
ranging for the transfer of the Island of Cuba
to the Cuban Government on May 20. ." Esv«n
artillery companies, consisting of SCO men. will
remain in charge of the guns, ammunition,
Says That Eight Hundred Soldiers
Will Remain in Havana, Cicn
fuegos and Santiago.
MIAMI. Fla., April 27.— Secretary ot
SECRETARY ROOT TELLS
OF HIS TRIP TO CTJBA
ecutive committee, which acted as a re
ception' committee. Frank Mattison, M.
Besse. R. H. Pringle. H. H. Miller. Ralph
Miller, Dr. . W. J R. Linscott, C. C. Krat
zenstein and-'J. R. Williamson . were on
this committee. R. S., Miller, H. H. Mil
ler and -Dr. .Linscott, as members of the
accommodation 'committee, attended to
lodgings for. the delegates during their
stay here. C.i-C. Kratzensteln, chairman
of.:- the badge .committee, distributed to
the delegates badges of elaborate design.
They, are; of golden color, and on a ribbon
in silver letters are the ,. words* ; "Grand
• * * • ¦ !•_¦-_ .¦-¦'¦¦"'-*».._*_'--.-¦
COMMANDOS
WILL DECIDE
PEACE ISSUE
SANTA CRUZ, April 27.—Dele
gates . to the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons of the Golden
West not only possessed them
selves of nearly all of the sea
side town this afternoon,-, but
contrived this evening to introduce an en
livening element of merriment that did
the hospitable soul of; Santa. Cruz good.
The streets are crowded, the hotel offices
are thronged and the, candidates for office
in the order are as busy as bees when the
hive is overturned." •.''.-. ¦ . '-,
A large number of the delegates j wers
met at San Jose by members of . the ex-
Members of the Order Are Welcomed With
Enthusiasm by the Citizens.
ALEXANDRA
MAY PRESIDE
AT A BOOTH
At 2:15 another large delegation arrived,
mostly"; from ; the interior and the south.
The delegates, formed in line behind the
local parlor and band and marched up
Pacific avenue, under the canopy of Bear
flags that cover the street. On each side
were crowds of the local peojjle, who gave
'the Natives a -hearty. welcome. The pa
rade was' disbanded .at the Hotel St.
Georger which is the headquarters' of the
grand officers.' .' ¦ > '. - ¦ •.;.'• '¦',' ¦ -•" -.
The -press badge is i similar to that of
the delegates, but' the .ribbon Is white, the
knot yellow and. whltip and the abalone
shell pendant is of the. red variety. The
badges are highly • prized as souvenirs.
The local committee badges are simpler
and are in red. The executive committee
badges are in yellow. .The 'badges of the
local parlqriare in blue. The ladies were
not forgotten and were, given a guest's
badge of /white.ellk; ;
CORUSCATION OF BADGES,
Parlor, N.' S. G. W. Delegate. 1902." Santa
Cruz, Cal." The ribbon is attached to a'
pretty, polished abalone shell ¦ pin, and
suspended from the ribbon by. a knot of
yellow is a ¦ small .abalone shell - of the
black variety. ;X
The Taylors are highly connected I*
Cclumbus. When Miss Francis Taylor
ar.d her mother were taken to Columbus
for imprisonment they were reprieved.
Meantime the newspapers of Cincinnati,
benefit performances and other instru
mentalities, have been raising funds to
return the child to its parents and punish
the kidnapers. Several women's club have
adopted resolutions against the reprieve
and sensational developments are expect
ed whether the Governor finds the lost
child or not.
CINCINNATI. April 27.— It was an
nounced to-night that Governor Nash has
secured knowledge of the whereabouts of
Margaret Taylor, the baby of Mr. and
Mr? . A. W. Taylor, whose kidnaping has
Cgitated this city and vicinity for months,
and involved prominent families in Cin
cinnati, Columbus and elsewhere. The
gTEndmother and the aunt of the child,
Miss Francis Taylor, were sentenced to
the penitentiary for assisting in the kid
naping and refusing to give the court
knowledge of the whereabouts of Mar
garet, who is said to have been taken
away from the city by another aunt. Miss
Clsra Taylor.
Finally Located Little Mar
garet Taylor.
Governor of Ohio Is Said to Have
KIDNAPED BABY MAY
BE RESTORED TO PARENTS
Crowds at Sea Beach
Before tttieiBig
Meeting.
O ' * • f ¦
speech O'Brien indicated that his health
inclined him to relinquish the representa
tion of Cork City in the House I of "Com
mons, but he said the Castle proclama
tions i made it Impossible to ' desert the
leading 1 Nationalist constituency now.
They . must - fight these proclamations,
which were intended to drive the people
Jnto -methods they desired to. avoid.
¦- There' are about twenty candidates . for
the. offices grand trustee - and' only
The Grand Parlor session will open to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. Congressman Frank L.
Coombs cannot be present at this session
and'the Grand Parlor. will be opened by
Grand First Vice President Lewis F. By
ington. The Grand Parlor will also con
vene in. the afternoon, and in the evening
there will be a public reception at Ocean
House-Hall. v :
! During the session this week there is to
be* "a programme of events at the -beach,
commencing with a grand ball at the Dol
phin bathouse. On Tuesday the mussel
bake and promenade concert will continue
from 12 to 2 o'clock p. m. In the evening
there will be an exhibition of high diving
and swimming. On Wednesday there will
be swimming contests and on Thursday
afternoon a baseball game between the
local . nine and a nine from the San Jose
parlors. In the evening there will be
handball games at the courts.
;^The ; beach this afternoon was the Mecca
of all '/visiting : Natives arid the j people of
this city.'/ It;was:the;opening day of the
season, and many patronized the plunge
baths, which were opened to-day for the
first time this year, In honor of the Grand
Parlor. ' * ,
CROWDS AT ; -THE' BEACH.
The local reception committee went to
San "Jose again -this afternoon and met
the large delegation that arrived at 8
o'clock. This afternoon the hotel lobbies
were crowded with delegates. The head
quarters were also thronged with Native
Sons. "Greeting to. Grand Parlor," | in
gold letters, hangs over the arch between
the clubrooms which are the headquar
ters; during -.Grand, -Parlor .week.' In 'the
o-u-Oroe m . f> r c ~ hlu e ¦ and . yeUon' . si.re amen*
and jin^the billiard rooms blue," white and
yellow. • Around : thewalls fed: bunting,
spangled with golden stars, is. festooned.
. Grand First Vice President Lewis F. Bying
ton,~; Grand Second Vice President H. R. Mc-
Noble, Grand- Treasurer Henry S. Martin,
Grand Marshal Ed J. Taafe. Grand Inside Sen
tinel Joseph Goldman, Grand Trustees George
L. Jones, James L. Gallagher, C*harles D. Bax
ton; and Will D". Shea; Delegates James P.
Dockery, : Edward P. Colgan, Percy V. Long:.
William P. Humphreys, R. P. Troy. F. M.
Angellottl, Epimet Hayden, - 'William J. Wynn.
"Washington Dodge, William D. Hynes and E.
P. C. Troy.
The advance guard of the delegates was
made up of members belonging to the par
lors of Ventura and Oroville. Grand Sec
retary Lunstedt left on the first morning
train and j was weighted down with the
books and records of previous Grand Par
lors. Among the delegates and members
who left yesterday to attend the festivi
ties were: . .
Grand Treasurer. Henry S. Martin was
sire of the jinks and pursuant to his In
structions most of the delegates departed
on the morning trains after snatching a
few hours* rest at the conclusion of the
entertainment. Others, not as enthusias
tic as their colleagues, waited until after
noon trains, but they were all eager to
reach Santa Cruz, which has made extra
ordinary preparations for their reception
during Grand Parlor week.
V This promises to be the most important
Grand Parlor, ever held in the history of
the order. _The delegates from .the nortb.
trit partiof-tte:Stat^ c&TttKsacea Vrarrtve
in '. this ,-city *ea'rl jrlsaturday - morning ; and
with few exceptions they.lstopped on their
way to enjoy Stanford Parlor's jinks. At
this successful function rival candidates'
for various offices grasped hands pre
liminary to the struggle to come.
After enjoying to their hearts* content
the hospitality and good cheer furnished
by Stanford Parlor on Saturday night, 400
delegates to the Grand Pallor of the Na
tive,, Sons of the Golden "West departed
yesterday for Santa Cruz.
DEPARTURE OF DELEGATES.
Four Hundred Members of the Order
: Start From This City.
Coruscating Badges
Illuminate the
Delegates*
seven are to be elected. The big fight cen
ters on. the office of third vice president.
"Will Shea of California Parlor and James
Gallagher of Alcatraz are looking for it.
Santa Rosa and Fresno are making a
fight for the next' Grand Parlor. Among
thf . nrominent members who arrived to
day were District Attorney Bylngton of
San Francisco, Judge, R. C. Rust of Napa,
Frank D. Ryan of" Sacramento, Thomas
Flint of San Juan, Judge W. M. Conley
of Madera, Judge McLaughlin of Qulncy,
H. C. Gesford of San Francisco. ¦William
H. Devlin- of Sacramento, E. P. Colgan
of Santa Rosa and Judge M. T. Dooling
of Hollister. -^
Campaign for .Office
Is Now Becoming )
Strenuous.
BRUSSELS, 'April 28.— It Is announced
here from Antwerp that the Red Star
line- and from Rotterdam that the Hol
land-American lines .have joined the ship
ping, combine.
The duration of the agreement is limit
ed to twenty years, but either may ter
minate It after ten years, or demand »
revision of the contract and withdraw If
revision is refused.
. Under the agreement, it is asserted, tha
German lines have preserved their inde
pendence in every respect. The syndicate
U botmd not -to santl a" ship to any' Ger- "
man harbor without permission of the
German lines, which in turn bind them
selves not to increase their present traffic
from England to the United States be-'
yond a certain fixed point. Many other
clauses in the agreement aim at prevent
ing competition between the syndicate)
and the German lines. Neither may ac
quire shares in another, but they are to
mutually support each other, by charter
ing steamers and otherwise, in fighting
competing third parties. -^_
PROVIDES FOB ARBITRATION.
. A committee is to be formed, consisting;
of two representatives of the syndicate
and two representatives of the German
lines, for the . settlement of all questions
concerning their mutual interests. Thia
committee will have no executive- power,
and any differences in construing th«
clauses of the agreement must ba sub
mitted to arbitration. Vv';,;
The Daily Mail, In an editorial on ik*
terms of the agreement between the Ger
man steamship iines and the Morgan
Anglo-American Steamship Syndicate, de
clares "that the birthright of British ship
ping seems to have been sold for some
thing very like a' mess of pottage.
GREAT BBITAIirS PERIL.
"The Germans," says the Daily Mail,
"have made a good bargain, because th«
German Government was wide awake,
whilst the British Government ignored
warnings and laughed at threatened peril.
"It is high time." the article concludes,
"that both the nation and the Govern
ment awoke to their peril." \ '\t
HAMBURG, April 27.— An official state
ment of the terms of the agreement be
tween the German steamship lines and
the syndicate formed by J. Pierpont Mor
gan Is published here. The agreement be
tween the Hamburg-American Packot
Company and Morgan, it appears, . was
concluded last March.'
LONDON", April 28.— The Dally Express,
which declared that every Canadian
steamship line except the Braver line ha*
now joined in an agreement to raise saloon
fares for transportation across the At
lantic, publishes an interview thi3 mom
ing . with Sir . Charles Tupper, former
Canadian High Commissioner in London,
in which he advocates, in the event of ths-
Canadian Pacific Railroad passing to tha
Morgan interests, that retaliatory meas
ures be taken by taxing ; American im
ports, and that special legislation be
adopted to prevent injury to Canadian in
terests. . - .-
Bayly then accepted an invitation to be
a euefct on a yacht which kept close to
ti>e .-,efejp» a.t Newport during -the' war
rames and was able to observe every
move of the American chips.
The original offense alleged against
Bayly grew out of his curiosity in con
nection with the •war practice ! of the
North Atlantic squadron at Newport last
summer. Bayly, it is understood^ applied
to the Navy Department for permission
to witness the exercises, but the request
was refused, it being deemed Inadvisable
to have any foreign Government ac
quainted with the manner in which the
exercises were conducted.
Bayly may be recalled at once, but the
United States Government may consent
to his remaining here for a short time.
About three months ago it was said
that Bayly would be recalled, but that he
•would be permitted to remain here a. little
¦while so as not to make his humiliation
too great and to let comment with regard
to his actions die out. He probably would
have left this country shortly if it had
not been for the revival of the story by
a statement made in the House of Com
mons by Viscount Cranborne that no
ccmplaint against Bayly had been made
to Lord Pauncefote, the British Embas
cafior here, and that Pauncefote had been
Informed that the allegations against the
naval attache were groundless.
"WASHINGTON, April 27:— Captain Lew-
Is Bayly, naval attache of the British em
baEEy at the national capital, will be re
called by his Government, without preju
dice to his character or standing, for
¦what might properly be termed perni
cious activity In obtaining information
concerning the United States. This
course is considered the easiest one to
dispose of the notoriety into which he has
been drawn by his overzealousness in
gathering military information.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Sir Charles Tupper
Advocates Prompt
Retaliation.
Too Much Curiosity
the Cause of His
Humiliation.
Morgan Mergers Con*
tinue to Excite the
Britons.
Soon to Be Recalled
Despite Contrary
Statements.
Canadians Threaten a
Trade War With
This Country.
Naval Expert Bayly's
Stay in America
to End.
MAY PUT
TAX UPON
IMPORTS
BRITISH
ATTACHE
MUST GO
The San Francisco Call.Queen "Wllhelminalmprovlii^.
THE HAGUE, April 27.— Bulletins issued
at" Castle Loo declare the condition • ot
rWUhelmina -continues • satisfactory.
A SANTA >. ROSA,. 'April ., 27,-Mary Cas
sato-was severely bitten on; the face last
evening . by a dog which " she was caress
ing.^ The child. is but 4 * years 'of age, and
passionately, fond; of .'dogs. 'Sheis in-the
habit of, fondling passing canines, -and
playfully! grasped; the dog which-.attacked
her. : - Her face was lacerated/ "
TOPEKA', Kans., April 27.— William W.
Carr, aged 38 ' years, ' day : operator and
correspondent for the; Associated Press in
.this city, who has > been visiting his
ptren'ts in Eudora, Kans,, was accident
ally shot and : killed,; at that^place this
afternoon.- at -3; o'clock. While taking a
shotgun from a buggy he tripped, causing
the gun, whose barrel was held directly
over his heart, to' explode. He exclaimed,
VI am shot," and '¦died. Carr ¦ had £ been
connected - with the Associated ,. Press : at
various points for the last fifteen years.
He leaves a wife.
Accidentally Kills Himself.
- A. S. Spencer, treasurer, was unable to
be nresent. and his report was read by-
Secretary Hyatt. ...
The following officials were elected:
Secretary, Dr. Thaddeus p. Hyatt; treas
urer, II. B. Mitchell, vice A. 8. Spencer.
Executive committee — George Dewy San
Pedro. CaJ. : J. : D. Bord. Fort Wayne '- Ind •
It. D. Butler. Indianapolis: H. M. Bunker'
Brooklyn. N. T. ; Mrs. Charles Jobpston FlushI
Insr. N. Y.; Dr. A. P. Buchanan. Fort Wayne.
.A letter was read in which the conven
tion was asked to adopt resolutions look
ing toward Joining th*e forces of the The
osophical Society of America with those
of the', so-called Besant Camp of Theos
ophists. Such action was regarded a3
contrary to -the constitution, as it was
held that It would be a virtual acknowl
edgment of the charges preferred
against William Q. Judge by the othsr
party when the split took place.
; The movement .to unite under one con
stitution the American. English. German
and Scandinavian branches, of the society
was favored. A- communication was re
ceived from :- the English n society sub
mitting an International constitution for
adoption."? - r
A resolution was adopted to the effect
that the convention approve of the senti
ment in the English resolutions, but that
final discussion on the question of pre
paring, a constitution 'should -be deferred
for discussion by the branches of the var
ious-American cities: the constitution -to'
be adopted with possible modifications at
the next conventlon.')aaftH
INDIANAPOLIS, April 27,-The six-,
teenth annual . convention of the Theo-
sophlcal Society of America met here to
day in executive session. Besides elect
ing officers and reaffirming the principles
contained in the platform adopted at Bos
ton in 1S93, the convention declined to con
sider. overtures toward a coalition with
the Bcsant Company, and took favor
able action toward uniting the American,
English, 'German and Scandinavian
branches. ..-*..".
The object of the boy was accomplished,'
however, liv that: th« goat failed to re
turn : to the onslaught: on the, I door. After
foraging in the- school : yard : for 'a shfirt
time the -goat Tetupned^to his place in a
neighboring herd,'- from: which .he had
wandered ¦¦ a^ few hours , before. * The ani
mal was ¦ a ' large • Angora,- and . thoroughly
frightened .the = teacher, and pupils of -the
school, -on whom he attempted to wreak
hia vengeance. - •• . .• • "
The a.nlmal v came, unexpectedly, to the'
f i ont door of the institution , of - learning,
and upon belng.denled admittance start
ed to ;; revenge' himself.- V Lowering his
horr.s, he used his head on the . aefieol
house.dobr, which had been closed. in his
face •¦ by ¦' one /of '¦'¦. the pupils, ¦ and'- almost
destroyed it before he desisted. ; t '..
Meanwhile the teacher; and puplla 'were
holding a council of. 'war on ' the 'Inside.
To' attract the attention of the goat else
where and prevent: the- total demolition
of the door was the object: sought;.. One;
of the pupils volunteered to undertake
the task. • i*"rom a convenient" window g he
' reached the " grouna; . and • made his way
stealthily , to the: front' door. .The .goat
caught a glimpse ot the pupil, and forth
with refrained* from: knocking the " door
from Us < hinges. . The animal took after
¦the boy "and-ran: him into .the.-.llmbs of
a neighboring, •¦ tree. : where,- be , was kept
a; orjsoner. for atsttort time. ¦ •
SANTA ROSA, April 27.— The teacher and
pupils . ot D,lrlgo district school, , situated
at : Stewarts ¦ Point, in this county, were
-held captive In the schoolhouse Friday by
an, angry goat.' ' . : ¦"• \ ./¦•."-¦ ¦¦;
' ' * Special Dispatch to The Call.
Upon learning- of the arrests of his
fiancee, Balschaneff attempted .to commit
suicide, but was, prevented" from so doing
by his guards. •
ST. PETERSBURG, April 27.— The peas
ants in the Poltava and Kirkhoff ¦ prov
inces, where 18,000 arq reported to be par
ticipating in riots, have already sacked
eighty estates, where they destroyed ev
erything they could not carry off. The
whole region Is terrorized, and land own
ers and stewards are fleeing for safety.
The fear is increasing that Kharkpff and
other towns wiil'be attacked. Some of
the authorities are showing weakness and
pusillanimity, while others are cruel)y vig
orous and are causing wholesale Hoggings
cf persons"'arrested'. "Tlie' agitation "' at
Moscow is so serious that the Czar. has
relinqui8hed,.hls intention pf spending the
Russian Easter, there. The Ministers, in-'
eluding^ M.'Dewitte, -the Minister of Fi
nance, continue to -receive letters Jhreat
enlnsr yiftm ,witb dftjitb.
The Judicial inquiry into the assassina
tion. April 15*of M.-Siphiaguine, the Mhv
ister of the. Interior, hag led to the arrests
of many persons suspected of connection
with anti-government .conspiracy, Thes2
include a Jewess, who 'Js the fiancee of
Balschaneff. the assassin of the Minister,
and her father, who supplied Balschaneff
with money. ; ¦ -. .
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The plans of
the Senate for the week do not extend be
yond the continuation of ¦ the debate on
the Philippine government bill and the
consideration; of minor ' matters . when
there is no one prepared to speak on. the
Philippine bill. . There is no prospect' thus
far for speeches in supportof that,meas
ure, and consequently all the .talk bids
fair, to continue to be on the negative side
of the question. Up, to the .present time
the speeches. -all . have ' been made by
minority members -of the Philippine Com
mittee, but. it Is said that other Demo
cratic Senators have promised to a raise
their voices in opposition to 'the bill,
among them being Turner, Clay and Sim
mons. Senator Hoar has made known his.
intention- to speak on. the bill, but it -is
not expected that he will be heard dur
ing the present week. -. :
In the committees the inquiries into the
sugar -question as related to Cuba and
into ' General Crozier's connection wltn
gun carriage Inventions probably will be
begun. The Committee on the -Philip
pines also proceeds .with Its Investigation
Into the condition of affairs In tfie "Philip
pines: ¦'•¦—¦ ' ;;.. ¦ '• '¦ ': '.'V- . : ¦¦•'¦•¦¦:•*•¦: ¦¦'
: There is a miscellaneous programme
ahead of - the House for this week..- T6
morrpw the special, rule for consideration
of the omnibus public bill will be. brought
In and passed, and , the remainder, of the
day will be devoted "to District, of Colum
bia business. ; \On Tuesday- the omnibus
bill will be passed;. Consideration, of the
agricultural appropriation bill will be're
sumed on Wednesday, and after If is dis
posed of the .District of Columbia appro
priation - bill will be taken up ; and , prob
ably passed before the end of the week.'
"With its passage -only two appropriation
bills will remain ¦ to : be ; acted =,, on • by; the
House— the naval ¦ and -the general "de-;
ficlency bills. Seldom have the appropria
tion bills been so welJ advanced at a long
session of Congress as. they are this year.'
Wicked Animal Inter
¦ rupts the Tenor of
Education.
American Society Re
j ects Overtures of Be
sant Followers.
Destroy Everything They
Find Impossible to
\ Carry Off.
End of D ebat e on the
Philippine Bill Not
• • in- Sight. :¦¦;¦• V
ORATORICAL ERA
IN THE SENATE
The May Queen-will form-her. court, an
was done last year, from the pretty girls
*ent from . dlfjfere.pt towns in Northern
The floral parade on May 13' will be
one of the most attractive features of the
Street Fair. A ladies' general committee
has been organized to manage it, of which
Mre. D. A. Ltndley has been chosen pres
ident. Among the organizations repre
sented in the committee are the Native
Daughters of the Golden West, the Sat
urday Club and the Tuesday Club. The
committee has prepared an invitation for
all persons having vehicles to join In the
floral pageant, and it has assurance that
there will- be. many beautiful flower
decked turnouts.
Additional zest has been given to the
contfflt for May Queen by the entrance
therein of Mise Clara Kruttschnltt of
this city. Miss Kruttschnltt is a cousin
of Julius Kruttschnitt, general manager
of thei5outhern..Paciflc Company, and she
has many supporters among the employes
of the Southern Pacific shops. The con
test will close May 5, and it i« expect
ed that every day until that date will wit
iiees the polling of heavy additional votes
l.i behalf of the respective favorites.
It is intended this year to continue the
Street Fair to L street alongside Capitol
Park, and it is believed that a great im
provement over last year's scattered'ap
pearance of the structures will be the re
eult. -. .
sition and beginning to-morrow
morning a.l&jge £orce; of_ men- .will be
pieced at work completing" and decorat
ing with flowers the arch and the throne
of the May Queen, two blocks away.
jtZ? ACRAMENTO, AprH 27.— The col-
urons of the great arch which is to
. epan the intersection of Tenth and
4S^^ I* streets have been placed In po-
brilliant social events during the week.
One of - these, which , promises, to be an
elaborate affair, -will be the. coronation
ball. -
PEASANTS SACK
EIGHT ESTATES
California, who in turn are being chosen
for the honor In their respective com
munities by popular 'vote. The Queen
and her court, will figure in "'a number ot \
MISS CLARA KRUTTSCHXITT OF SACRAMENTO, A COUSIN OF THE MANAGER OF THE SOUTHERN PA
CIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY, WHO HAS ENTERED THE CONTEST FOR THE HONOR OF REIGNING AS
QUEEN OF THE STREET CARNIVAL, IN THE STATE CAPITAL.
ANNUAL SESSION
OF THE OSOPHISTS
Negros the surrender of the ladrone lead
er. Rufo with 158 officers and men of his
command, together with twelve guns, 14!>
bolos, seven spears and a few revolvers
and daggers. Captain Kennon says this
surrender means the opening of the whole
of the southern coast of the island of
Negros. . After Papa Isio, Rufo was the
most important ladrone chief on the isl
and. He promises to force Papa Isio and
his few remaining followers to surrender.
Papa Isio was appointed a colonel in the
insurgent army -by General Malvar. .one
year ago.
Colonel Baldwin, who for many years
was stationed at Chicago and Fort Sheri
dan as inspector of rifle practice, is in
command of the battalion which has gone
into the interior of Mindanao after the
Moroa, who attacked a party of American
soldiers. The information that some of
the villages of the Mohammedan natives
have holated the red flag, indicating their
Intention to fight to the last and gain
their heaven by dying in battle, is taken
to mean that Colonel Baldwin may be en
countering fighting of a kind not hereto
fore met with by American soldiers in
the Philippines.
" HAS - A GAIXANT BECORD. j
Colonel Baldwin is a veteran of the.
GOAT CAUSES
SCHOOL PANIC
NEQHOS I/ADRONES YIELD.
Captain L. W. V. Kennon of the Sixth
Infantry reports from the island t of
Guevarra succeeded General Lukban to
the command of the insurgent forces in
Samar when the latter was captured last
February.- 'He announced his intention to
surrender In March. . . ; : - ,~
Three -hundred insurgents, with 131
rifles, are expected to arrive at Catbalo
g&n, Samar, to-day to surrender formally
to. the American authorities. Three thou
sand :bolomen, Twentynelght of ¦«. them
armed with-, rifles, surrendered yesterday
at Sulat, also In Samar." '
.- Guevarra's command consists of Rafael
Sebastian, Abaki and thirty-eight' other
officers, lS9,mcn and 161 rifles.
MANILA,- April 27.— General Fred-,
erick D. Grant's expedition on
the gunboats Baseo and Florida,
several steam launches and na
tive lighters has ascended the
Gandara : River, in the island of Samar,
and has brought the insurgent- leader
Guevarra and his entire command down
to the coast.
' '-- . -V- -;'. : ¦• ' >., -. = :-.--. — ¦-. . •, ¦ ' ' ' ' ¦' '" '
AMERICAN OFFICER WHO IS LEADING 'A FORCE AGAINST THE
: FEROCIOUS MORO FANATICS ON THE ISLAND OF -MINDANAO.
• THE MOROS NUMBER A HALF MILLION SOULS! .
"The United States Government has
the situation well in hand in the Phil
ippines. There are only two provinces
in the island of Luzon where there was
any trouble. These are Rotangas and
gLaguna da Bay. but the trouble is pretty
at an end. and the revolutionary
spirit of the insurgents has been com
pletely stamped out. and that, as I hav«
said before, without severe or cruel
methods. As to thd 'water cure"
they lay so much stress upon, there has
been more of that in the imagination of
the people of the United States than in
the island of Samar."
"The stories of cruelty to the natlvel
have been largely exaggerated. Therti
have been, no doubt, some individual
cases of cruelty, as there have been in
all wars. The Filipinos have been treat
ed, in most instances, with a degree of
humanity and magnanimity, which they
have attributed to weakness on the part
of Americans. The Filipinos have nat
urally taken advantage of this fact, but
I am sure that no untoward severity has
been shown them by the American sol
diers. '
Colonel Arthur Wagner, who has been
adjutant general at Manila during the
last two years, arrived on the transport
Grant Saturday night and took apart
ments at the Occidental yesterday. Colo
nel Wagner is on his way East to as
sume the duties of adjutant general at
Chicago, .to which station he has been
transferred by the War Department.
Colonel Wagner, when asked to ex
press his opinion as to the allsged cruel*
ties perpetrated by the orders of Gen
eral Jacob H. Smith in the island of
Samar, said: —.-.;.
Filipinos Were Well Treated: j
P'ENTES CBTJELTY TAtE.
Colonel/Arthur Wagner Declares the
"Whenever natives war© rounded up
and they refused to divulge information
they were known to possess they- were
formed in line. When they persisted in
declining to repent and confess they were
told that the rules of warfare were rigid
and that they must die.
"Then they had to draw lots and the
r.atlve who drew the black ball was taken
out into the tall grass and told to prepare
for death. The soldiers were drawn up in
a regular squad, with their guns pointing
at the victim, and at his feet in the tall
grass there was a soldier who lay flat on
his face, so that he was not seen.
"The order to fire was given, the sol
diers shot over the head of the native and
at the same instant the hidden soldier
pulled at his legs and down he tumbled.
It impressed the natives, for they thought
that the man was shot. They didn't know
that he was unhurt. After three or four
sacrifices had been made in this manner
the natives generally fell, on their knees
and told all they knew.
"The 'grass cure* was the only one I
knew of, but it was just as effective as
the 'water cure' Is said to have been "
CHICAGO. April 27.— The "grass cure,"
the latest of military methods of convert
ing the barbarian Filipinos to be dis
closed by soldiers returning from the isl
ands, was . unfolded in detail to members
of the Marquette Club at the Grant birth
day anniversary banquet last night by
Lieutenant Colonel Rodman of the Twen
tieth Kegular Infantry, now stationed at
Fort Sheridan. According to Colonel Rod
man the "water cure" wa3 " unknown
when he left the Philippines, but an ef
ficient substitute had been found in an
other process, known as the "grass cure."
"It was simple, yet effective," he said
in explanation. "We had - to have some
means of forcing: the natives to confes
sion, and some military genius devised
what was known in the islands as the
'grass-cure.* I never heard of the 'water
cure' till I came home.
Colonel Rodman Says It Preceded
the Water Torture.
TELLS OF THE "GEASS CUBE"
• Cattle- raisers; are n«?t . satisfied with thai
prices they obtain from the beef trust for their
cattle. • There -it good reason, .for sonie' of the
advance ¦ In price.. The producer Is now get- '
ling 27 per ,cent more for .his cattle, but the
jrust has increased, the price GO .per. cent. - ¦ -
s It- Is a- fact tliat the' number 'of cattle per
en pi fa of "population- ha* ' decreased since .1870. '
During the -period since then the number of'
'cattle has- increased 17 'per ¦ cent, '• while: the
population has. risen S3 i per cent. , To that ex
tent .an . increase In ' prices is Justified. The
only way >o restore- the proportion i«, for* the
Government, to retain title to Its 400,000,000.
acres. of grazing .lands in the public domain and
see: that these lands are maintained 'and Im- 1
proved. " ' : • .: ¦ . ! ¦' ¦ -• . '¦- - ¦ . - . '
The remainder of the land, under the terms |
of the bill, may be leased to herd owners who j
have stock there ucon a certain date, in pro
portion to the size of their herds. This ar
rangement will leave Western men in posses
sion and will keep out speculators, Including
the beef trust. The leases can be traneferreor
only under a regulation made by the Secretary
of the Interior. The bill makes no condition
In the homestead law.. Any man is permitted
to take a leasehold and obtain a freehold
there at any time. - - -' ¦-¦*¦¦¦
It was found in Australia seventeen years
ago that grazing lauds were being destroyed.
The leasing system was tried with success.
Texas followed the example of •¦ Australia a
few years later. The effect of the law in Texas
has been ¦ to Increase the number of herd
owners. .'-" ' *
As chairman of the committee on legislation
of the American Cattle Growers' Association,
which Includes." growers, large and small, in
every State . west of the Missouri River. . and
growers of fine cattle , in Illinois. ; Indiana and
Iowa, I have been Interested in urging this
bill. . F. C. Lusk of California is president of
the association andBartlette Richards of Ne
braska is He vice president. We have no lobby
and we have, not sctent a dollar .here. •¦ I am
In Washington primarily on other business,
but I, would like to see this bill pass; Binger
Herrmann, Commissioner of the Land Office,
who is fighting this bill, two years' ago wad
a etronrr advocate of the ' leasing plan. I do
pot know what has caused him to change his
position. - -¦ • ¦ " .
We are not ¦ opposed to the irrigation bill.
On the contrary we are Jn favor of ;lt. Un
der our leasing plan | the Government would
receive "$8,000,000 a year at 2 cents - an . acre.
Our bill provides that this money shall be spent
for Irrigation. 'The great obstacle to the'Irri
gation bill at present is the -fear of Eastern
farmers that they ' may bft called upon to con
tribute to the cost of irrigation in the West.
The bill provides that money ¦ derived from .the
Bale' of. public lands ?hn 11 be spent in irriga
tion.. The total .income fEom this source la di
minishing- and eventually .¦•'111 •"¦ reach the < van
ishing point. It is feared 'that at. that' time.
extensive ; irrigation workTmay - be in progress. '
for which the entire country. will be called upon
to pay. . If this objection' r could be re-moved
the irrirvation bill will .pass, and -.the passage
of our bill would removeit. - - -. /. ; .
My bill . provides that every ' settler shall
havo the right of leasing ten. acres of . land
adjacent Co his .freehold for each acre of free
hold that he owns. ~ It also provides for the
protection of pastoral freeholders by permitting
them to lease ten acres. of public land for each
acre of freehold in- the same county in which
the freehold is situated. - This , takes care of
freeholders.
There are 00O.000.C0O acres of public land
west of the Missouri River. Of this 100.000,000
Is suitable for homesteads and 100.000,000 may
be- mad* habitable by irrigation. 'The remain
ing 400,000.000 will never. be good for anything
except grazing. This land is now- common
property and It , is being reduced- in extent at
the rate of 5,000,000 acres a year by overfeed
ing-. After the' cattle have taken all .they can
from.it sheep are turned in and , eat roots of
the fodder, transforming the range into a des
ert. - - ¦ ..: :•*.- -.¦¦¦-. '. ¦ .
"WASHINGTON, April 27.--Colonel John
P. Irish of San Francisco, who is inter
ested in thepassage of the bill, now pend r
ing in. Congress, providing for the leasing,
of grazing lands in jthe pul^ic domain to
cattle owners, whiqft Is denounced." by; Sen
ator Glbsbn.-of '.Montana, as 'a. beef .-'trust
measure,- declared to T day that this bill, in
.stead of being in the interest of th«-trust,
was designed to reduce: the power of the
trust by Increasing the supply of cattle.
Said Colonel Irish: ,. , .-:••. •
Leasing of Grazing Lands.
Colonel Irish Explains the Proposed
NOT A BEEF-TBUST BILL.
¦.'¦ CALL 'BUREAU^ -l-jO^ G^ STREET, N/
W.v *WASHlNGT'OI£vAprir>
trict,; Attorney ,Be4;$ea. qf":Chicagp 7 and
¦fo'r'mei: Ju^geJW;fjA^t>*K^l^>^ able; to
con<^usIvelyjproVe?the*existfence o*f ,'a." beef ..
riCi jU&t.lsi the firm/ Opinion of • those i familial
¦¦with £he evidence ¦; which ¦ has ;been gath
rered under the-direction! of; Attorney Qen-j
eral; Knox ;to 'substantiate;. their, applica
tion'for"' an irtjuncttofi^tQ^ restrain • the
..monopoly /from cQnttnuln'g.' \he poweriul :
¦ combination; that 'has/ made, meats of all
kinds a 'luxury. » •'• '-¦:¦, -H ¦¦: -.: : ¦'.; 5X> ¦>' v ¦'.'
It will -first- be necessary to prove that,
-the ¦•contract- or •¦'combination 'has' been
formed. In restraint of .trade or commerce
among the several States ¦ of the Union or
with . foreign nations in the .de
clared, tq be illegal by. the Sherman antU.
.trust law, : under 1 which the
¦'are being brought.'., ; • . -.• ' ¦ ir. ¦ ;¦*'.
That such combination, the object' of
¦which ;'has . been ' to monopolize- the; beef
trade, has been formed and is in actual,
operation will be- shown by the authdrl-,
tlefl- conclusively by cumulative evidence.
Other-evidence, ; 6ome of it documentary,,
was gathered in the hearings before the
Interstate Commerce Commission. At. that'
time it'wa's" used'only so-far as lt^had
bearing upon -concessions in freight rates
made <o the trust. Much of it, nowever/.'
is:valuable as 'showing the trust's exist
ence. . ' -' . "'.'¦'¦ '¦ ¦ •¦ - - ' ¦ v
It; is understood that the details of:ar
bitrary regulation of prices and j reduc
tion of shipments to points where It was
intended- to- advance. -prices- have been
gathered by Bethea In Chicago. A letter
written by P.; L. Hughds, Eastern man
ager for Cudahy &. Co.,: will be used; as
proof of this practice. ,, ' '.."¦ '
Attorney General Knox is in possession
of a copy of a credit agreement showing
that the trust houses In the salesof their
products acted practically as a single
concern. He has also a copy of the
"cartage agreement," under which all of
the trust houses agreed to make the cus
tomer pay for the delivery of purchases.
Although this evidence Is believed to be
conclusive in establishing the existence
of a conspiracy, it is understood here, that
Bethea and former Judge Day have be
gun other lines of Inquiry, which are ex
pected to • make the Government's case
impregnable. The Department of Justice
is confident that the proceedings whicn
are about to be begun cannot fail. "",
¦ N '' Special Dispatch to." The' Call.
Agreement.
¦Attorney* General Knox Has in Hi-3
' Possessioa- a' Tejltale Copy
•-..; •'/;..: ot- ths^Credit
interstate V .Commerce ; Oom-
,'. mission Supplies .yalu
£>v>t.; ableietails. :
Evidence rpf ;• a "Combine
> Regarded as
¦ ~ " ""•" Conclusive. — -;
The cholera situation in the islands doe*3
not show any improvement. Cholera' cases
are reported among the American soldiers
in the Camarines provinces of South Lu
zon and elsewhere, but so far few Ameri
cans have been attacked and the disease
Is mainly confined to natives and Chinese.
In Manila there have been 555 cases and
449 deaths from cholera, while the prov
inces report 1599 cases and 1169 deaths.
In replying General Chaffee said the of-i
fleers of the army knew that their duty
to the country demanded their efforts to
retain the civil authorities and to sup
press the rebellion.
Civil and Indian wars and beara the dis
tinction of being: the only man ever twice
named by Congress for the medal of
honor. The first recommendation was for
gallantry in an Indian fight in Texas in
1874, and the second for conspicuous brav
ery In the battle of Wolf Mountain. Mon
tana. He has also been brevetted several
times for bravery. He was born in Michi
gan,' and after serving in the Civil War
as a volunteer was given a commission in
the regular army.
" At a farewell banquet here to the of
ficers of -the .Ninth Infantry acting Civil
Governor Luke E. Wright paid a glowing
tribute to the military forces. He said the
army, under circumstances of surprising
difficulty, had paved the way for the
work of the civil authorities, and that
only a few. cases of friction between the
two branches of government had -oc
curred. .He said that General Chaffee.
whose opinion might at times have dif
fered from those of the civil authorities,
had been a most loyal supports? of civil
rule. :
insurgent Leader and His Entire Command Surrender
on the Island of Samar.
STRONG CASE
against the
BEEF TRUST
GENERAL GRANT'S EXPEDITION
BRINGS IN GUEVARRA'S FORCE
THE SAN fttANCISCD CALL, MONDAY, APRIL ,28, 1902,
Elaborate Preparations Are Being Made for the Street
Fair to Be Held in Sacramento.
FRAG RANT BLOSSOMS TO AD0RN
RARE ARCH AND REGAL THRONE
2
will give your
baby -health^
strength and a good
WM
; Send for a free 'samf It .of Mellin't Food. ;
Mellin's Food Company, Boston, Mass.
Dry, moist, scaly tetter, all forms, of
eczema or salt rheum, pimples and
other cutaneous eruptions proceed from
humors, cither inherited or acquired
through defective digestion and assimi-
lation.
To treat these eruptions with dry-
ing medicines is dangerous.
The thing to do is to take
Hood's Sarsapdrilla
and Pills
Which thoroughly cleanse .the blood,,
expelling all humors and ,? building up
the whole' ey stem. They cure.- *
Accept no substituted"
Testimonial* of remarkable cores mailed on
rtoatrt C I. HOOD CO., Lowell, Maes.
+}' ', JOHKT J. PTJXTON CO.
His Physician's
Certificate
Bright's Disease and Diabetes
Are Positively Curable.
THE FOLLOWING CASE IS INTER-
estlng, as we are. able to present the
body of the physician's certificate: The
patient is a raining man of this i city.
Bright's Disease; casts r albumenuria:
patient much weakened and depressed and
confined to his home. The administration
was with the consent of the physician,
who stands high in this city, and is or
was* connected with one of the colleges. <
Seven months after the treatment was
inaugurated the patient was practically
well and the physician wrote a report on
the case, from which we are permitted
to extract the following:
"This is to certify that one of my pa-
tients came to me with what proved to bo
Bright's Disease; albumen and casts pres-
ent. Placed on the usual treatment which
reduced th» albumen somewhat, but case
resisted further efforts, and patient's vi-
tality was at a low ebb. Put him on a
compound that is claimed to be a specific
for Bright's Disease. I kept a close
watch, examining. the urine at least once
a week. During the succeeding twenty
weeks the pain entirely passed away, al-
bumen was gradually reduced to the
slightest trace, and th<< general health
improved till he - Is practically No
other treatment was given except a -strict
diet. ... - - ¦ v .
We are prepared to verify these facts in
every particular. • « r. • "
Medical works agree that Brighfs Dis-
ease, and Diabetes are incurable, but -.
per cent are^positlvely recovering under
the Fulton Compound. (Common forma
of Kidney Complaint offer but short re-
sistance.) Price .Jl for the Bright'a Dis-
ease and $1 50 for the Ulabetic Compound.
John J. Fulton Co., San Francisco, aolo
compounders. Office. Mills building. Freo
tests made for patients. Descriptive pam-
phlet mailed free.
Also on sale at Owl Drug Company. 1123
Market st.; Ferry Drug Co..^» Market st.:
S;. w v J °y- 43S Kearny st.. and elsewhere.
Will hereafter publish, complete Mat "of
city agents. .j - Speedily relieves pain ' and i BorehesV. " Keep . It
handy for burns, bruises, bites, earache', cold In
head, catarrh and all. Irritations of the skln.lt
cures piles. Price, 25c and 50c, at druggists or
by mall . Salva-cea. 274 Canal st.',' N.' T. '.
For Sprains Use Salva-cea.
SAN RAFAEL,, April :27.-^Mr3. Clinton
Jones of San .-Francisco, 5 - who' 1 , is ' spending
the summer in Robs Valley, had a narrow
escape ¦ from ; death to-day in a runaway
accident and was seriously injured. : '
; Mrs..Jones was out riding in the after
noon. :The. team, became , unmanageable
and her coachman, .E.,; Collomore,. was un
able to control the -fractious animals and
they .ran away. . . The occupants < were,
thrown; out ,; of the ? trap ' and ". Mrs. Jones
had her. shoulder, dislocated. ; She ; also ' sus
tained other injuries. Mrs. Jones Is promi
nent r in > San Francisco . society • and is the
wife of Clinton Jones, an insurance man;,.
society .woman hurt • v
; by a , buna/way; team
: Yuan Shih-Kai has obtained the
consent .of the throne to estabhsn a chief
arsenal ¦ and foundries ¦ for the manufac
ture of • small arms : and artillery at
Techou, near. the border of Shantung. TJie
removal was made thither from Tientsin
because of the, capture, of 'the arsenal In
the; latter, city two years ago by the for
eigners. A secondary > arsenal, will'-.- be
maintained at Tientsin. The works at
Techou will be on a .mammoth scale and
their product will supply, the ..northern
armies of China with complete equipment
in the way of firearms.. , < .
COLUMBIA PROMISES : ;^';i :'
BIG " SALMON SEASON
rish Now Being Caught Are Very
. ~ Large and Hatcheries Show
;. -' j • Results. ; ! "
rASTORIA,' Ore./ April > 27.— The salmon
season, which commenced on April .15,
promises to.be a most successful one,
though- the supply of -fish Is still limited!
,The;nsh belng'caught this year are very
large, and nearly the entire supply is at
present sent to the cold storages.. The
canneries are; operating only on a small
scale. 1 .The' limited supply of flsh in the
early; part-; of the season is due. to a re
markable condition of affairs. .The opera
tion of fish traps and fish wheels makes it
impossible^ for early, fish- to reach the
spawning waters, with the result that the
run of flsh Is, becoming later with' each
succeeding year. Salmon spawned In April
return: inthat' month' three or four years
later, just as fish- spawned in? August re
turn . In that month.' The efforts of the
State officials are now directed to' increase
the supply 'of early fish, and it is thought
the plan of hatching salmon in March and
'April will have the desired effect. ' >,'
j The State hatcheries' have done remark
able-work ..on : the .'.Columbia :River. .'Last
season the supply of fish was a failure un
til the great hatchery, run- of salmon' made
its appearance In. the river. "The run last
ed, three- weeks, during which time the
canneries were blocked. * Marked' salmon
turned ; out by the hatcheries in previous
He predicted that unless these measures
were speedily .taken' universal rebellion
against? the present dynasty would com
mence within thirty months. His Earnest
manner . convinced • the Empress of • the
gravity of the present crisis. She is re
ported to have wept ' and wrung her
hands. ' ' . . ¦ ... . . - . .
TACOMA, Wash., April 27.— The steam
ship Braemar , brings news that Viceroy
Yuan Shih-Kai is pushing vigorously at
Peking for reform. He has urged the
Empress Dowager and" Emperor to use
the strongest measures possible to com
pel the high authorities of the various
provinces to commence the . reforms re
peatedly ordered in'the Imperial decrees.
He frankly told the Empress that the
whole empire is dlssatisfled with the pres
ent situation and that a bona flde lnaug
.uration .of reform and government en
'couragement of [ mining and other indus
tries would not only better the lot'of the
common; people but also enable China to
pay off 'her; foreign, debts j and ,would
eventually enrich. and strengthen her.. ¦
Ail the foreign branches of the order
are represented among the visitors. From
Great Britain come Leo Goldsmith, S.
Martin and W.' H. Grlggs; J.' C: Duncan
attends as the accredited representative
of Scotland; A. Jenkins received his com
mission from the high court of Wales,
and Arthur Curtis and;Robert Reynolds
represent the North and South : of Ire
land. From Australia comes Leo Dow
ling, the Right Rev. Lord Bishop of
Perth, and from New South Wales, the
Rev. J. H. Davis, Archbishop of Canada.
A committee representing the High
Court of California met the guests at San
Bernardino to-day and accompanied them
to the city. The local reception commit
tee met the visitors at the station and es
corted them to the different hotels. Mon
day will be Forester day at Santa Monica.
In honor of the Supreme Court. - A recep
tion will be tendered the supreme officers
at the Van Nuys on Monday night. . Tho
fourth triennial session of the Supreme
Court will convene at Blanchard -Hall at
10 a. m. Tuesday and the supreme repre
sentatives will be given>a public reception
at Simpson's Auditorium. There will be
a parade. by the Royal Foresters, an ad
dress of welcome by Mayor Snyder and a
response by Supreme Chief Ranger Oron
hyatekha. Wednesday and -Thursday will
be devoted entirely to the sessions of tho
Supreme Court and Thursday night will
be Forester night, at. the Masonic Home
Fair. The coming: session of the Supreme
Court is one of paramount importance to
the membership of the order at large as
the question of rerating the old -members
will be up for-discussioni
given In the free . theater daily and the
opening bill will be strong beyond descrip
tion. From the Orpheum come Fred Stu
ber, the banjo_virtuoso; George Gorman
and Frances Keppler, the comedian and
the • dancer, in a new' act; ¦ Petching
Brothers, novelty musicians, and Tom
Almond, an Australian eccentric and Ice
skate pedestal dancer.- Sadie Hart a
vivacious singing and dancing comedlanne
will make her first appearance here, the
anlmatoscope will offer the latest novelties
in moving pictures and the rest of the
programme will be high class. . The Zoo
contains many new and rare animals. A
special and large attraction' will be
Colonel Edward Beupre, the French giant,
who stands seven feet ten and •¦; a half
inches in his stocking feet.
LOS ANGELES, April. 27.— There arriv
ed in Los Angeles late to-night 300 rep
resentatives to the Supreme Court of the
Independent Order of Foresters, which
will convene in this city at Blanchard
Hall Tuesday. Among the distinguished
visitors, are the men who have made the
I. O. F. an international union. Dr. Oron
hyatekha, a ward of King Henry VII,
and the supreme head of the order, J. A.
McGillivray, supreme secretary; H. A.
.Collins, supreme treasurer, and Thomas
Millman,* supreme medical examiner, are
at the head of a delegation of 150 Cana
dian representatives from all parts of the
Dominion.
G. H.Arkelian, one of the deacons, of
the church, and a supporter of Fillan,
arose • and said that he was .willing; to
write a check sufficient to entitle every
supporterof Fillan to -vote, and wait -for
the money to .be. repaid. . Almost every
body in the house was up In a moment
and, all' tried to talk at the • same ..time.
During the babel of , voices the secretary
of the church • shouted above .the ¦ hblse
something regarding; the: finances • of- the
church and a'.FUltfn supporter' responded
by calling: him a. liar. . ../ ¦ •
Blows were exchanged immediately and
then the row commenced In earnest.. Men
and women alike Joined in the fight, be
laboring each other with their, flst3- and
knocking each other about the room. In
anticipation of : trouble .four policemen
were on hand, and they, after, consider
able trouble, drove the.belligerent church
members out into the street. But this did
not stop the fighting:, the Armenians con
tinuing their quarrel on the street.
FillanT the minister, concluded, "when
the fracas commenced, that discretion
was the better, part of valor and disap
peared. .Nobody .was seriously injured.
The warring factions ' were admitted to
the. church a few at a time until the elec
tion was completed. : The result was a
victory:for Fllian,: with .a 'majority- of
forty-one votes."..; , r '_ , ,. -. . .
Everything went '' along smoothly
enough until it became noised about that
several persons .had -bought .stock in the
church the day previously, in order to
vote, at the election. Fllian's friends
arose, one after, another, ,to challenge
voters, and each time learned that the
challenged person", was , a stockholder.
Fllian'8 chances began. to appear doubt
ful. J . j :¦¦• '' "¦¦': ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ->¦ .-..;<.-.<
The trouble grew out of the dissatis
faction of a part of the congregation with
the pastor, the Rev. George H. Fillan. In
the congregation there are twelve ex-min
isters of the gospel, all of whom are as
pirants for the position of pastor, and
who are alleged to have stirred up feel
ing against Fllian. * .' •.••¦¦¦¦
, The occasion of to-night's trouble .was
a called meeting for the' election of a
pastor. The entire congregation, I num
bering about 500, was present' at the time
set-for the meeting, -at 6:45o'clock. The
Rev. Mr. Wyman.of Tulare, head of the
church in this district, was here to con
duct the election. ' , u, . . ,
FRESNO, April" 27. — There was much
excitement here to-night in the Armenian
Presbyterian Church, and It required the
services of four members of the Fresno
police force to suppress It. .•„¦". . :
Members of the Supreme
Court Reach Los
Angeles.
Lively Time Over an
Election in Fresno
Edifice.
Viceroy Yuan Shih-Kai
Pleads for Immedi
ate Reforms.
FLAMES HA FACTORY
BENDER HTJUDBEDS ISLE
GLENNS FALLS, N. Y.; April 27.—
Glenns Falls to-day suffered a loss of
1500 000 by fire. The fire started In ths
clothing store of Webb Brothers, on
Glenn street, and thence spread to th»
large plant of the Joseph Fowler Shirt and
Collar Company, occupying the upper
story of nearly the entire block. Fanned
by a high wind, the flames next commu
nicated to the neighboring buildings. Th3
destruction of the Fowler ahlrt plane
throws nearly 800 operatives out of em
ployment and 200 more will be out of
work temporarily. It is believed the In
surance will nearly cover the losses.
I-IOTHER-HT-I,AW DENIES
STORY OF A SHOOTING
SAN JOSE, April 27.— Marshall Maxwell
was treated at the Receiving Hospital for
a bullet wound in the breast, which, while
serious, is probably not fatal.
Maxwell' says he shot himself acciden
tally, but his mother-in-law, Mrs. Miller,
says he either tried to shoot himself or
was shot by his wife, as she found them
struggling in the yard when she was at
tracted by the shot, though she knows of
no nuarrel. Mrs. Maxwell was hysterical
and wouhl not talk.
SOUTH GREETS
THE FORESTERS
CHURCH FOLK
MAKE BATTLE
union in the ; Turk-street Temple would
continue to' be -the -Mecca" of the men who
thronged "it dally last week. With" the
exception |(a few of the executive com
mittee, who showed up in "the ' morning,
the place- wa.s deserted" all day. -A- few
discharged employes, who are expecting
reinstatement .under the terms of agree
ment with the company," lounged -about
the headquarter? and .discussed with one
another their chances of reappolntment.
Fortunately there ,are only thirty-five
employes who were dismissed because of
their union affiliations,' and these, will, be
reinstated as soon as a proper investiga
tion of their' cases can- be made by the
was covered by the rolling stock of the
company. At many places early risers
were out to welcome the cars and their
crews. Tne fine weather contributed to
the complete enjoyment of the occasion,
and as the hours passed the traffic In
creased to phenomenal proportions. The
various lines leading to the park and Cliff
House did an enormous business through
out the day, thousands of people hieing
themselves to the resorts mentioned. The
rush of travel to the ferries was greater
yesterday than on any day for weeks past.
Inasmuch as most of the carmen were
busy at their occupation, it was not to
be expected that the headquarters of the
MS CHINA
OF THE CRISIS
directors of the company.. ¦•--..¦ .
. President Cornelius of the , local branch
of the Amalgamated Association of Street
Railway. Employes of "-America-was--tm
able to leave his home . yesterday by rea
son :¦ of- illness. : Cornelius had. a hard
time of It during the strike, and the re
sult of nights spent about the'headquar
ters! was a severe cold. He was confined
to his bed, but nevertheless he was able
to say that no matter what happened to
him the carmen's union would be on deck
forever. He expressed delight at the out
come of the strike, and said that its ef
fect would be a powerful stimulus to or
ganized labor for. years to come.- ..
Hen Assert They Will Abide by the ;A"gr^meht"-With
the United Railroads. ;
THE ENDING OF THE STRIKE AND RESUMPTION OF BUSINESS BY THE STREETCAR LINES HAVE A SALU
TARY EFFECT UPON ALL CLASSES OF CITIZENS, WHO MANIFEST THEIR HAPPINESS By'sMILES AND
CONGRATULATIONS BECAUSE THE WALKING DAYS HAVE PASSED. ; . . . ••
I am sending the report to 1,026.818 persons,
classified as follows: 135.159 clergymen, 12S,
5«4 physicians. 83.687 lawyers 95.000 teachers,
principal* -and professors; 16,225 banks and
bankers 21,000 newspapers and periodlcala,
103,491 manufacturers, 02,690 Jobbers and 410,-
OOO farmers. •¦ ¦
The reform of our finances and currency is.
to my mind, the most important question now
before ' the American people ; especially aro
those who use their credit or the borrowers of
money the true builders of our nation, deeply
and materially interested. Convinced as I am
of this fact. I deem it my first duty to do
everything in my power to bring to the at
tention of the people full information about
a subject which I regard as the most vital
question of our time.
This enormous circulation is being accom
plished by contract covering the foregoing ad
dresses. -, • : *'_•'" '¦;.'•'•
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The majority
report on the House banking and cur
rency bill Is being circulated to an extent
probably without precedent. Chairman
Fowler of the committee reporting the
bill when asked to-day as to the extent
to which the report was being mailed
said:
Being Mailed to People Inter
ested in Finance.
More Than One Million Copies Ara
ENORMOUS CIRCULATION'
OF THE CURRENCY REPORT
Meanwhile the public is rejoicing with
the union carmen over their victory, but
all express the hope that the las,t strike
of the kind has been seen here.
years were taken dally, proving conclu
sively that the run was due to hatchery
work. ' - •*•;
The directors of the United Railroads
wore their accustomed smiles, yesterday.
All* expressed --themselves'-' as -satisfied
with the outcome. Mayor Schmitz could
not be- seen yesterday. He spent the
greater part of the day at the house of a
friend In an effort to recuperate. The
busy days passed by him during last week
told upon him greatly, and it will be seme
days before he will be thoroughly him
self again. . • -
The-, men say they are satisfied with
their, victory. They assert that so long
as the company keeps its agreement they
will abide by theirs. When grievances
arise they will be adjudicated by a com
mittee of the union acting In conjunc
tion with a like committee of the direc
tors of the company. This is a condi
tion that has never before presented It
self in their case, and the men think It
will be fruitful of great good, both for
the company and themselves.
The exclusive announcement by The
Call yesterday that Slaughter W. Huff,
general manager cf the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Railway, was to
succeed E. P. Vinlng as general manager
of the United Railroads was welcome
news to hundreds of the carmen of the
last-named system, to whom Huff 13
well known. A number of %the men, who
were questioned yesterday, said that un
der Huff's management the employes
could depend upon fair and manly treat
ment. During the Vinlng regime, they
declared, their lots were miserable, and
they welcomed a change of masters as
a veritable boon. The fact that Vinlng
was to be superseded was received by the
men with marked approval.
Everything is in readiness for the open
ing of the Chutes on May day. A more
complete pleasure resort has 'never
teen built In the United States,
the improvements - costing nearly
$250,000. Two performances will - be
But ten days regain before the " gala
entertainment in aid cf the Actors' Home
fund, which will take place at the Colum
bia Theater. The date is Thursday, May
8. and the performance is to be opened
early in the afternoon owing to the long
list of numbers arranged for appearance.
The magnificent home erected for super
anuated actors and actresses will be ded
icated on the, day. of the benefit, and
those who have charre in this city hope
to make the event one of the most mark
ed in the theatrical history of this coun
try. All the theaters will be represented
by their leading players. Aiming those to
appear are N. C. Goodwin. Maxine El
liott, Edward Harrigan, James Nelll, Mil
ton and Dollie Nobles, members fcf the
companies at the California,. Grand Op
era-house, . Tivoli, Alcazar and , Central
theaters, and leading artists from the
Orpheum. Many prominent people of
this city have already offered to pay
premiums for the choice of box seats,
but the management will, make definite
announcements In a day or two regarding
the sale of seats.
.,*..•¦ •' . " ...
"Fiddle Dee Dee" to-night begins its
fourth week at Fischer's to the same
story of "standing room only" that has
been its history since the opening per
formance. All the people are good, the
settings fit and handsome, and for a good
laugh without any too curious Inquiry
as to its wherefore you cannot do better
than take in "Fiddle Dee Dee."
• • •
"The Fortune Teller" is still doing ex
cellent business at the Tlvoli, and with
every reason. The opera is bright and
pretty, sung and acted with thorough
competency and handsomely staged.
Hartman's topical songs are kept strict
ly up to date.
"The Singing Girl" will follow, but not
just yet. , . ¦ . .
• • *
"The Slaves of the Orient," with the
contemporary attraction . of a new lead
ing man, Earle Brown, will be the pro
gramme at the Central Theater this
week. Mr. Brown, said to be one of
the handsomest men on the stage, has
before been seen here with Henry Mil
ler, and should be a valuable addition to
the Central forces. "The Slaves of the
Orient" has a very, picturesque atmos
phere, taking place in Constantinople.
The Sultan of Turkey sees a beautiful
American girl at the United States Em
bassy, and immediately proclaims his
honorable Intention of offering her a po
sition in his harem. The Sultan is
scorned, and proceeds, accordingly, to
abduct the lady, whose thrilling escapes
form the plot of the play. The opportuni
ties can be better Imagined than de
scribed.
"The Lash of the Whip," a farce com
edy with a record of long runs in Paris,
London and New York, will be the bill
at the Alcazar Theater ' this week. It
has all the usual Gallic elements of trou
ble — the jealous wife, a husband with a
Hyde record and a Jekyll double, and
goes with considerable sprightliness and
fun. On Monday next the new play by
Charles Francis Bryant and Lotta Day
Coleman, "When the Heart Was Young,"
will be staged.
• . • '.- ,' •
a four weeks' engagement with the fa
vorite comedy "Old Lavender." It is
many years since Mr. Harrigan was seen
on the local stage, where be made his
first appearance as a bey actor, and the
engagement should prove to be one of
exceptional interest. In the week's play
Mr. Harrigan has a part that is familiar
to most play-goers, but his portrait of
the old man is one of those telling char
acterizations that are identified with
one actor alone and by him made famous.
Other plays by Mr. Harrigan will be pro
duced during the engagement, and- Dave
Braham Jr. will be seen as chief sup
port.
As early as 5 o'clock the majority of
the day men of th'e system reported for
duty at their respective carhouses. As
quickly as the cars could be turned out
they were placed In commission, and be
fore 7 o'clock every part of the system
MEN BEPOET FOB, DUTY.
The erstwhile strikers were in their ele
ment yesterday. They wore the laurel
wreath of victory on their brows, but,
contrary to the prediction of some, they
bore themselves with the «cllgnity of the
true victor. The exultation that ordinar
ily manifests itself in Individuals at the
successful culmination of a great indus
trial movement was lacking in the men.
The employes of the road looked sol
emn as they performed their functions
as conductors and motormen, and dili
gent questioning failed to elicit any ex
pressions of marked jubilation. That
the men were satisfied with tne result of
their strike was apparent, but that they
gloated over the company because of
the concessions made by it to the car
men's union was at no time in evidence.
scenes that were daily wit
nessed during the carmen's strike were
lacking, and instead of the hoarse shout 7
ing of vehicle men drumming passengers
that was so conspicuous a feature of life
on Market street last week there was
heard the clanging of belis and the rush
and grind of crowded cars. The contrast
was most marked, and the lessons it
teaches will doubtless prove of value in
the days to come.
WITH the resumption of
traffic on the United Rail
roads system San Fran
cisco assumed its normal
aspect yesterday. The
S. W. Huff s Selection
as Manager Is
Popular/
Union Employes Re
joice Modestly Over
Victory.
At the Grand Opera-house to-night Ed
ward Harrigan. the author-actor, begins
To-night the twin stars, Maxine Elliott
and Nat Goodwin, begin a two weeks'
engagement at the Columbia with their
greatest success "When We Were Twen
ty-One." The play has been seen here
before — last year — and found then a strong
favor with the theater-going public.
Since that time Mr. Goodwin and Miss
Elliott have made one of the successes
cf last season with the play in London,
presenting the rather novel feature cf a
London furor over an English play
given by American £Lci;rs. Miss Elliott's
charming personation of the pretty Phyl
lis Is remembered with utmost pleasure.
She is radiantly handsome, and brings
now to the part an added two years' ex
perience, which, with its Initial attrac
tions, should make it one of the most
charming things seen of late on the lo
cal stage. Nat Goodwin finds an oppor
tunity of unusual sort in Richard Ca
rew, taken splendid advantage of, and
the two players are excellently sup
ported.
This week's Mil at the Orpheum Is ex
ceptionally good. Added to the excellent
programme presented last week there
are many novel and interesting features.
Louise Dresser, the beautiful- vocalist,
presents a novel singing specialty, accom
panied by stereoptlcon views. Jack Xor
¦worth, singing comedian, caught the
house with his local parodies and amusing
song-s. The Pony Ballet, composed of
eight beautiful young ladies, was as pop
ular as on the opening night. The negro
eongs, accompanied by ragtime steps the
high kicking march and rope skipping
dance brought forth well-merited ap
plause. Milton and Dollie Nobles ap
peared to xuivantape in - a brand new
sketch entitled "At Bilgeville Junction."
Knight Brothers, singing and talking
comedians, who held over from last week,
presented a new turn, which went well
¦with the audience. Wilton Brothers,
triple horizontal bar experts, do some
hair-raising stunts which are mixed with
enough comedy to make their act enjoy
able. The Five Nosses, nifvelty musical
Artists, appear in a pleasing act. It is
©ecompanied by superb stage settings and
costumes. The Florenz troupe of re
nowned acrobats are among the finest
ever seen on a local stage. Their act is
exciting and clever. The biograph pic
tures, which close the bill, are unusually
interesting.
A large house greeted the piece with a
continuous ripple of laughter. It is ex
cellently staged.
Various, Indeed, are the resources of the
Keill company. Clifford Dempsey, a new
comer. Is a villain of most convincing
sort. Julia Dean and Donald Bowles do
some very pretty love-making as Lou
Btarbuck and Tom Elliott. Ben Southard
and John Burton are both very amusing
and truthful in their respective parts,
and George Bloomquest as a barefooted,
half-witted lad has an ingenious but too
grotesque makeup, acting the part in
key. Scott Seaton and Lillian Andrews
ere seen in colored roles, to the advan
tage of the play, and Miss Marian Stone,
a handsome and striking young woman,
does well as the sentimental Mrs. May
field.
As Jasper Starbuck, the old moonshiner.
Mr. Neill has rarely been more happily
cast. The part fits his personality to a
nicety. He is completely identified with
It, and for the time being is the quaint,
lovable, sententious old philosopher of the
quiet Tennessee village — the whole per
formance a remarkable example of Air.
Jselll's versatility. Miss Chapman is an
other who surprises in her role of Mrs.
Starbuck, the good-hearted but rather
eour-vlsaged and snappy better half of
Starbuck. Miss Chapman gave her lines
with admirable humor, and no one would
recognize Mr. Neill's handsome leading
lady in her clever makeup.
It is worth any one's while to look in
at the California this week and Bee the
Neill company In "The Starbucks," Ople
Read's Dew Tennessee "character drama."
It does not matter at all when you look
In, for the plot of "The Starbucks" is
only a minor consideration. Read calls
it a "character drama," and that is as
good a name as any, the interest center
ing in a portrayal of a number of more
or less picturesque Tennessee types.
What plot there is concerns itself with
the arrest of an old Tennessean, Jasper
Btarbuck, for "moonshinlng" by an
hereditary enemy, who has been refused
by Starbuck'g daughter, and it is just suf
ncient to hold the play together. But the
characters are sketched in with sure and
sympathetic hand and are mostly well
worth the sketching. The author has
caught the characteristic tang of pas
toral life in the Tennessean hills, and, if
given to an almost Dickens-like diffusive
ness of description, yet contrives with it
to infuse the same realism of atmos
phere. The lines are delightfully humor
ous in places, their dry drollery given
with point and full appreciation, by Mr.
Xeill and his confreres. Outside of this
the play lacks the dramatic element, and
yet with his material the author should
easily have made a stirring drama out of
'The Starbucks."
United States trade with Eucador shows
a gratifying increase, due to purchases
for the Guayaquil-Quito Railroad, better
and quicker communication, lower freight
rates, and the coming of American com
mercial travelers. "Our trade will stead
ily advance," it Is stated, "but an isth
mian canal alone can give us the van
tage ground we should occupy.".
On account of the political disturbances
in Colombia Imports from the United
States have increased only slightly. The
imports from, all other countries have re
mained stationary. . *
WASHINGTON, April 27.— Frederick
Emery, chief of the bureau of foreign
commerce, made public to-day another
extract from the volume entitled "Com
mercial Relations of the United States
During 1901," which is now in press. It
deal's with the trade of the United States
with South America last year.
American coal nnds a steaay and ever
increasing inarKet in Brazil, but our ex
"porf trade to Brazil, It Is said, never will
reach its proper development so long a3
our merchanuise has to seek, foreign bot
toms. It is pointed out that" if a line
of modern steamships were -operated be
tween >iew York and Brazil, there would
be no , lack of return freights in coffee,
rubber r and like products. American hard
ware, also, it Is stated, has earned a rep
utation for quality and finish which
places it- beyond competition. '
It is a notable fact that many young
Brazilians are coming to this country to
complete their careers of learning, where
as until recent year.j the- better class
from that country were sent to Por
tugal,' France or Germany | to j acquire
their literary, professional or scientific
training. Now English i3 . being taught
in some of the higher schools of Brazil.
In the Argentine republic the Ameri
can goods making the greatest headway
are tools and Implements, cottons, bats,
shoes and specialties. A banker In Ro
sario recently reported that for' the half
year ended June 30/ 1901, the increase of
transactions between , his house i and the
United States had been 131 per cent, and
he understood that other banks had sim
ilar .experience* . But while we are mate
rially increasing the aggregate of our
trade with Argentina, here, also the ab
sence ' of direct steamship connection 13
a handicap. ¦
In Chile, where lumbering la the chief
industry in its southern provinces, prac
tically all of the wood is cut by mills of
American construction. All,, of . the ma
chinery U3ed in the production of flour
also comes from the United States.
Nat Goodwin and Maxine
Elliott Open To-Night at
the Columbia.
Lack cf Proper Steamship
Connection Proves a Big
Drawback.
Tennessee Pastoral Is
Very Pleasing to
/ Audience.
_ _
Products • of the United
States Find a Ready
Market.
NEILL GIVES
BEAD'S DRAMA
SOUTH AMERICAN
TRADE lHCREASES
THE JSAN : FB ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AFRlt 28, 1902.
WITH ALL CAR LINES IN FULL, OPERATION
THE CITY PRESENTS ITS NORMAL ASPECT
3
HEW ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
THEYALLSATSO.
Kot Only in San Francisco, but In
Every City and Town in the
Union.
If the reader took the time and trouble
to ask his fellow residents of San Fran-
cisco the simple question given below he
would obtain tbe one answer. If he
wculd read the statements now being pub-
lished in San Francisco, which refer to
this answer, it would surprise him to
note that they number so many. Aa
many more could be and may be pub-
lished, but In the meantime ask the iirst
person you meet what cures backache,
liere is a citizen who indorses our claim:
"William Ellis, stevedore, of 731 Folsom
etrwet, says: "I was never laid up with
backache, but many a time I thought the
pain acrops my loins would force me to
leave work, particularly if I was engaged
in any heavy employment. Long before
backache existed I had trouble with the
kidney secretions, which were of a dark
and somewhat sandy color. 1 noticed
Eoan's Kidney Pills advertised, and as
my back was lame and aching at the
time I went to the No Percentage Drug
Store, 549 Market street, fbr a box. A
continuation of the treatment absolutely
cured the last attack."
For sale by all dealers; price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y., so}"
ag-ents for the United States.
Remember the name — Doan's — and take
no substitute.
/visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
(•MUSEUM OF ANATQESrl
\ -S Tbe I - ar S ert Anatomical Mutecm in the \
fi w*M >**. * ori<1 *eak»e»*es or my contracted A
V V£*JH • veise P»»"'»"-'7rar«»d by the olden V
C /feLtfl 1 '" on CoisL Eit-^yeirv. ©'
A §W& I 0R« JORDAH-DISEASES CF MEN A
X I Sa" Consultation free *nd jtiirtty private. \
m 1 jt*«J H Tr»iBtnt j>rrton*lly or by Inter. A A
I * tIM P—ittmt Curt to every case undertaken. T
ArU ll© w Htefnr BM>lc?BILOs»p a yrf A
V « a ]| •• B4HR1ACI!, MAILED FUE, ( JL Y
Jk (i U- valuable book tat urn) \
V DB.. JOHDAJV 4k C*.. 1051 Market Kt..S. P. V
Tile signature it on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-QuinineTabieto
•hu nndr that cores • cold in ©no Oaj. I
. black velvet /^))jSj^0i/
band around crown, roll brim, large WM.{(j0m&&jj&
silk bow oh side in color to suit. One ffi|5g;^B
• of the nattiest creations of the season. °^ fa?
. ) Many other styles to show. \.^" yjT
made in Madras,. Oxfords or other popular fa- \JAN •
brics. .These waists were designed in the Keller. ¦ w
establishment.- and are, made to order only.
.., Our waist department is a new and growing
feature of our store", and our exclusive and original styles are^greatly
appreciated by ladles who appreciate good work and dressy designs.
MARKET ST., San Francisco. ; Also Oaklan".
—^As the British are to pay. a high price for. bread
and . we. are paying a high price j for beef, it looks as
if the great Anglo-Saxon alliance would soon have
to,t3ke to.a gruel diet. \
Australia and Canada are chuckling with glee over
the announcement; of .the. imposition of grain duties
by the British Government, and it is plain they see
chances for getting preferential rates when the great
imperial convention assembles next June. '
The Merchants' Association has evidently deter
mined to be original- if nothing else. In a long.re
port urging various municipal improvements the in
teresting body made no recommendation for the
reformation of the Board of Public Works., :
A curious political contest is going on in Milan,
where an avowed anarchist is a candidate" for a seat
in the Italian Parliament. He announces, that if
elected 'he will hot take his sqat, as he. does not be
lieve in government; and he seems to be running
mainly for exercise, as he has just. got out of prison
and needs it. 1
xl. a Chicago case where a woman applied. for di
vorce on' the ground _ r desertion the. evidence dis
closed that: she had been married seven years and
during that time had borne' her husband fourteen
children, including in the lot one set of twins, one
set of triplets and one^ set of quadruplets. It was
when the quadruplets appeared that the husband fled
the scene. The Judge refused to grant the divorce,
expressing the belief that the husband would return,
but doubtless he was influence*d by a desire to see the
population of Chicago continue to increase at that
THE London Chronicle of April 16
contains a review of the biography
of Rear Admiral _ J. A. Wlnslow,
United States navy, who was cap
tain of the Kearsarge in the mem
orable fight off Cherbourg with the Con
federate cruiser Alabama. The war of
secession and the part which Great Bri
tain took during its progress, Is naturally,
even after thirty-eight years, a subject
which . Englishmen are incapable of dis
cussing without some show of . chagrin,
and especially the fact that England had
to pay $15,000,000 damages to this country
for the destruction wrought By Confeder
ate cruisers fitted out in British pprts.
The Chronicle's comments are correct in
the main, but it is grossly mistaken in the
following statement:. .
"It ! Is still a fact that the American
navy is largely recruited from bluejack
ets who desert from our North American
and Pacific squadrons. The best shot on
the Iowa at the battle of Santiago was a
deserter from the British flagship at Es
quimau."- The European press, and not
ably the British, indulged in similar flings
at the American navy just uefore the
late war with Spain, stating that the
crews of Yankee ships-of-war were al
most all foreigners. It. is a 'tradition dat
ing from the first sea fight in America, In
June, 1772, and "has no other rational ex
planation than that of "the wish being
father to the thought." A condensed re
sume of 'the latest report on the subject
of crews of American war vessels, made
by the Bureau of Navigation, shows that
there were. 18,825 enlisted men and boys
in the navy on July 1, 1901, of which
13,472, or 73 per cent,- were native 'born;
2824, or 15 per cent, were naturalized cit
izens; 1129, . or • 6 per cent, had declared
their, intentions to become . citizens, and
only 1130, or^ 6 per cent, were aliens. Of
the latter, practically the entire lot were
Chinese and Japanese hired as servants
or "boys." Not less than 83 per cent, or
15.624 out of 18,825 ¦ were citizens of the
United States, which fact the London
Chronicle and other European , papers
will note and "please copy." .
,• • ¦ • • * . . ¦'
The British naval engineers have good
cause to complain of the niggardly pay
which they receive. The great majority
is paid less - than in* the French' navy.
Engineers • in- the British - navy-"' receive
from $910 to $1095 yearly, • against $1150 to
$1300 In :- the * French - navy; and assistant
engineers' salaries range from $545 to $630
in the English navy, against $870 to $1125
In the French. The salaries of higher
grade engineer officers In the British navy
are considerably higher than in any other
navy, excepting that of the United States,
but the officers upon whom the responsi
bility of proper care and work of the ma
chinery rests are paid. much less than
similar officers in any other service. The
pay of a chief machinist In the United
States navy, rated as a petty officer, is
JS40 a year, and the warrant machinists
receive $1200, which is increased in peri
ods of three years, until after twelve
years' service it amounts to $1800 yearly.
In the Greek navy ship engineers receive
$1000 per annum.
One of the five submarine boats built
by Vickers at Barrow for the British has
passed through her trials and been ac
cepted by the Admiralty. The other boats
are all launched and nearly completed
They are identical in all particulars with
those building in the United States and
the plans and right to build were purchaB
ed from the American inventor, J P
Holland. Last" November the Fulton was
successfully tried under unusually severe
conditions, and the British boat was test
on on April 6, with similar favorable re
sults. It is to be noted in this connection
that while six boats of this type were
contracted for by American builders oh
August 25, 1900. to be completed by April
and July 1901, none of them has been
completed, while Vickers, at Barrow,
have practically filled their contract and
have delivered and tested one boat In Ies3
than ten months.
• - • *
The French submarine boat Si
lure was subjected to a severe
t^ t rM? n * Apr11 T 6 » In the harbor
of Cherbourg. It was sunk to a
d u pth #, of . ** e t t » wlth a vlew ot testing
1 * e *ifi e S t ?£ . the , water pressure, which
at this depth is sixty-three pounds to tho
square inch. Instruments used to meas
ure the compression showed that the hull
yielded to the extent of .039 of an inch.
The crew experienced no more discomfort
at this depth than at the average sub
mersion. -
A round robin ' has been signed by the
quartermasters and other warrant officers
of the new French battleship Jena. .It is
published in the . local papers of Brest
and charges the commander of the ship
with unnecessary and unjust . severity
against the. signers and the crew. Th<;y
ask to be sent to any part of. the world
or to be put to any work, rather than to
remain with the . presentocommander. An
Inquiry has been opened into this condi
tion or affairs.
.:•; • •
m^ e Turkish nayy, while deficient In Its
number and quality of ships, haa a su
££? bu ?«. a ! nce of Msfc-erade naval offi
cers. It has no leas than 130 post cap
taina against 206 in the navy of Great
Britain 124 in the French. 92 in the Rus
sian, and 34 in the German navy.
o>,iJ?1 V A sc< i, da Gama - th « only armored
ship in the Portuguese navy, built to im t
Is being reconstructed at Orlando's yard
Leghorn, Italy. The ship is being length
ened twenty-three ieet. and receiving
water-tube boilers, besides other modern
So P^ Veme^ nt fK He K r , orlsinal co 8 ? O< w 2
J6GO.00O, and the rebuilding will require a
sum nearly equal to^ her first coati
The yearly cost of sailors In the several
navies is computed by the Revue Mari
time to be JSOO in the American-navy $370
in the British, $310 in the French T&ffl \in
Jhe German, $3) in the Austrian, m In
the Russian and $164 in the Japanese.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'3*
Prunes stuffed with aprlcota.Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or JaD bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern frienda.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building?*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦•
-.Valletta. Malta, being midway in the
Mediterranean, between Gibraltar and
Port Said, imports more than half a mil
lion tons of coal for the use of passing
r? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific Railway) la th« best,
cheapest and quickest route. Ftow Lewtstcn
and Stites. Idaho, there are good wagon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails infi? this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address TV K. STATELER.
G.'A., WT Market. st. S. F.
Quality makes price. Were Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts Its pries
would be the same. Once tried always used.
Men shaved without koap. 15c. at Ruas Houao
Antiseptic Barber Shoo. 217 MontBomar*. •
Some Statistics Concerning the Fighting Men on the Yankee Warships That May Enlighten
the Editor of the London Chronicle.
WHEN that clever romancer, Captain
Christmas, devised his wonderful story
about the negotiations for the purchase of
the Danish West Indies he doubtless had no further
thought than that of selling it {o a yellow journal.
Afterward he entertained the idea that he could
make political capital out of it and work up a huge
sensation in this country. He fourd in Mr. Richard
son, the Democratic leader in Congress, a willing
assistant in his scheme. Richardson had been all
winter hunting for Democratic campaign material
for use in the fall, and he was quite ready to make
use of anything of the kind that Christmas might
offer him.
The scheme failed. Neither Congress nor the
country would take Christmas seriously, and it
looked as if the romancer would miss making a,sen
sation of any kind. However, he was to have bet
ter luck. The sensation that did not appear here
broke out in Denmark. We are told that the scene
in the Danish Landsthing on the occasion of the de
bate upon the sale of the islands was something un
precedented in that country. The dispatches say the
"session was the most sensational on record."
Twice the lie was passed, and other charges were
flung back and forth between the angry disputants
until it looked as if there was going to be a Tillman-
McLaurintime on the' floor.
Probably a sillier story than that of Christmas was
never, told with the. intention of. getting contem
poraries to believe it, and yet it was a most interest
ing tale. When investigated by Richardson it. was
found to be almost absolutely without foundation
of any kind. Every important statement made by
Christmas was promptly contradicted and refuted
by first-class testimony. The only claim of the
author that has been accepted by even the credulous
is that he was swindled by somebody. It seems to
be agreed that so good a story-teller cannot be a
good business man, and is therefore quite likely to
have bought somebody's gold brick. Mr. Richard
son will riot use the story as campaign ammunition.
It is only in Dcnmarkthat it will live as a tradition
and find men willing to fight over it. Even. there,
however, it will no longer disturb- intelligent men. ,
The purchase of the ; islands has been accompanied
TROUBLE IN DENMARK.
London is already getting ready for the corona
tion. Thousands of Americans have reached the
city and the shops are bidding for their trade by put
ting up all kinds of attractive decorations, prices are
advancing and probably by the end of summer the
Government will have to send a transport to bring
home hundreds of stranded patriots. '
FOREIGNERS IN UNCLE SAM'S NAVY NOT SO NUMEROUS
AS ALLEGED BY THE UNINFORMED PRESS OF ENGLAND
Santa Clara News (Ind.):
Governor Gage bid high for the Santa Clara
County delegation, and paid the price in appoint
ing Mackenzie, but it looks as if he would fail to
receive the goods. Appearances indicate the
election of "Worswlck as Mayor of San Jose.
In this event there will not be a solid delega
tion for Gage from Santa Clara County, as has
been promised, and Mackenzie's uplift 'will be
Gage's downfall. No official acts of a Gov
ernor have roused the Indignation of the peo
ple of Santa Clara County to such a degree
as have the placing of Mackenzie and the dis
placement of Dr. A. E. Osborne of Santa Clara
from the management of the Home for Feeble
Minded at Glen Ellen.
Woodland Democrat (Dem.):
One of the most pernicious pieces of legisla
tion of the last Legislature was a bill pro
viding for submission to the people of consti
tutional amendment No. 28. In some unac
countable manner it slipped through both
houses without attracting the attention of men
who can always be depended upon to be alert
in defeating such vicious measures.
This amendment has not one redeeming fea
ture. It ought to be and will be overwhelmingly
defeated if the newspapers of both parties do
their duty and keep their readers well informed
as to Its provisions.
A great majority of people are willing to be
lieve that there are too many commissions and
that some of them ought to be abolished, but
the proposed amendment is not the proper
remedy.
If It Is adopted the effect will be to abolish
all boards that now exist and the purpose of
which is to In any manner regulate or control
the corporations now doing business in Cali
fornia. But all the powers now exercised by
existing boards and commissions will be, by
the adoption of this amendment, conferred upon
one commission of five men. The first com
mission is to be appointed by the Governor,
but all other commissions are' to be elected
by districts and the term of office is ten years.
We agree with tbe Fresno Republican that
more dangerous powers were never conferred
by law on any single body of men. They
would have the power to block all effective
legislation of corporations during their entire
term of office.
As before stated the amendment was passed
by the Legislature at a time when but a few
of the members were familiar with Its provis
ions. A joint committee of the San Francisco
Board of Supervisors and League of California
Municipalities summarizes the effects as fol
lows: It will Increase taxation. It makes im-
possible the securing- of any reduction of rates
for any public service. It perpetuates the In
efficient features of the Railroad Commission.
It Interferes with local self-government. It
places inordinate power In the hands of the
Governor. It will deprive cities and counties
of all license fees now paid by public corpora
tions. It takes away from local bodies all con
trol of franchises.
A resolution opposing' this amendment -was
sent to the platform, committee of the State
League of Republican Clubs, but it was voted
down. Will some member of -that convention
give some good reason for such action? Many
of the leading Republican papers of the State
are criticizing the action of the committee In
refusing to report the resolution, and we be
lieve the rebuke ia merited. We cannot bellevs
that any respectable number of Republicans
favor this amendment. What then was the In
fluence that controlled the Saa Jose conven
tion in lta favor?
Sacramento Bee (Ind.):
According to The Call ex-Congresstrta'n Geary
Is the Examiner's choice for the- Democrat to
nominee for Governor. If Gage Is nominated
by the Republicans the Democrats can defeat
him If they will put up the very best man
they have. And Geary Is not hla name
DEMOCRATIC A.3ST3D inSTDEFEINrDEKTC 1 I*RESS,
Wheat has attracted a good deal of attention dur
ing the past week. A fortnight ago an upward move
ment set in, owing to dry weather over the greater
portion of the winter wheat belt, and for a few days
the outlook was dubious; but rains came along, and
although they were not heavy they were sufficiently
copious to not only check the advance but send the
market back again. Outside of Kansas, which has
been the principal sufferer from drought, and which
cannot now raise a full crop even under the most
favorable conditions, the prospects are first rate, and
the scare over a possible winter wheat failure is about
over. Corn and oats are in the same category with
wheat, and all three have a much better outlook than
In San Francisco and California the trade condi
tions could hardly be better. Crop prospects are
fine, thanks to the recent rains, which visited almost
every section of the State, and everybody is looking
forward to bounteous harvests of grain, fruit, wine,
hops, vegetables and all those varied products which
make the State a garden and give it a large per
centage of its wealth. Commercial travelers, who
are in a position to know the financial- condition of
the State, say that wherever they go they find a good
demand for their different lines, with easy collections
and very few failures. They say, furthermore, that
everybody expects the present prosperity to continue
indefinitely, and that a tone of cheerfulness pervades
the whole commercial community from one end of
the State to the other. "V
These points cover the general business situation
throughout the United States. Prosperity still re
mains with us, and thus far there are no unfavorable
signs on the horizon. Prices, to be sure, are high,
but as far as can be seen this is due, not to specula
tion or inflation, but to a general light supply of the
ordinar}' necessaries of a comfortable American ex
istence. Eventually, of course, production, stimu
lated by the current scarcity, will reach and pass con
sumption, when there will be a recession in values;
but that point Has apparently not yet been reached.
Whatever hesitation exists seems to be confined to
the Atlantic seaboard, as the rest of the country re
ports a fine distributive trade in almost all lines of
produce and merchandise. Cotton is higher and is
now one cent over last year. Meats have also ad
vanced, with livestock scarce and likely to continue
so for some little time yet. Provisions are unsettled
and irregular, but the general tendency is upward
rather than downward. Groceries show no particular
change, but they 'are moving briskly everywhere, and
np depression is noted in any line.
GENERAL business was reported in better
condition last week, and the recent hesita
tion seems to have almost disappeared.
True, the bank clearings, which are accepted as the
index to trade, are still running somewhat behind
those of last year, the loss last- week being 8.6 per
cent, but the aggregated clearances of the country
footed up $2,685,159,000, which shows an immense
volume of trade. New York fell off 14 per cent,
owing to dullness in Wall street, but this is not an
unmixed evil, and a loss of 12.9 per cent at Pittsburg
indicates a corresponding decrease in the iron and
steel trades as compared with 1901. But both these
lines stili report continued activity, with scarcity of
raw material and orders enough to keep the numer
ous mills of the country running for some months
yet without any new business, which, however, is
coming in just as usual. Boston also shows a loss
of 13.4 per cent, which may be attributable to lessened
boot and shoe shipments and the hesitation in the
wool trade due to strikes, but whereas the East in
general reports a dull wool market, the West is send
ing in reports of an active demand for wool at firm
quotations.
RENEWED COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY
The Republican party of California cannot
afford to risk the experiment of a renomination
MONDAY APRIL 28,' 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Prcp-ietor. '¦¦£
liiiett All CoBmuieatlnu t« W. B. LEAKI^^£^ v^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL UOOHS. . - •. .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
. Delivered by- Carrier". 15 Cents FeriWeelc
Sfnsrle Copies, • f> Cents.
Terms by Mnil. Including Postnpre*
DAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year $6.00
J>AILT CALL (Including Sunday). 6 mcxiths... 8.00
DA1LT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year -l.M
WEEKLY CALL. One Year: 1-00
All postmasters nre authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prasjpt and correct compliance with their rcjuest.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Hunger Foreign Advertising. Karjsttte Building Chictga.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2019.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTO.V Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremotit House; Audltcrium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
HIl A XTH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
¦ Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
- o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
Were these questions new, delay and hesitation in
Congress could be easily understood, but they are
riot new. They have been discussed a long time.
They have been embodied in Republican platforms
and ratified by : the people again, and again. is
therefore time that action be taken upon them. ' It
will be a gross political blunder for the Republican
leaders to go before the couptry in the fall elections
without having done something for American ship
ping and the isthmian canal.
The Secretary went on to say it is immaterial
whether the great merchant fleet be built up by gov
ernmental aid or by individual enterprise, the main
thing being to obtain the fleet needed to carry our
ocean-going commerce. Within certain limits,
which the Secretary doubtless intended his audience
to understand, the statement is true enough. It
would be better to build up a merchant marine with
out protection if we could, but as- a matter of fact we
cannot. The large subsidies granted by foreign gov
ernments to their merchant marine, the lower rate
of wages paid to sailors, and other advantages pos
sessed by foreign lines, prevent American built ships,
manned by American sailors and flying the American
flag, from successful competition. Recently, when'
Pierpont Morgan found it advisable to obtain ships
to carry the immense output of his consolidated in
dustries, he'found it cheaper to purchase foreign
ships, maintain, them under a foreign flag, and em
ploy foreign sailors, than to build American ships.
That is the situation, and we shall have to wait a
long time for an adequate American merchant
marine unless Congress grant to the shipping^in
dustry the same measure of protection given to in
dustries on land.
Concerning our shipping Mr. Shaw said: "We
need the largest merchant fleet ever kissed by ocean
breezes and these carriers of international commerce
must be built of American material, in American
yards, •by American labor. They are to be manned
by American sailors, fired by American coal, or more
probably oil, and they are to float the Stars and
Stripes."
That is an old story, but it seems necessary to re
peat it again and again to impress its significance
upon Congress. At the present time the advocates
of the canal are at loggerheads over a dispute about
the route. It is safe to, say there is not one in ten
among the American people who cares much which
route is preferred. Every man wishes of course that
the best route be chosen, but at the same time every
intelligent man is aware that neither route is superior
to the other in every respect. Each has its advan
tages and its disadvantages. The choice between
them is a matter upon which even experts disagree.
Unanimity of judgment will never be reached; and
the public therefore has a right to insist that the dis
pute be ended, some choice be made by a majority
vote and the work begun;
Such being the situation it is gratifying that Secre
tary Shaw should have made the Grant . birthday
banquet an occasion fpr recalling public attention. to
the importance of the.' two bills. ¦Referring' to v the
canal he said: "Not as the crow, flies, but -as ships
sail, it is-nearer from Liverpool to San Francisco, via
Cape Horn, than from New York to the same port,
via the same southern extremity. Start two ships. of
equal. speed from Liverpool going to our; Pacific
Coast, one through the Suez Canal and the, other
by Cape Horn, and two vessels of -the same speed
from New, York," one going: westward and the other
eastward, and both English vessels- will reach their
destination before either of ours. Cut the 'isthmian
canal and it is nearer from New York to Hongkong,
via Nicaragua, than from Liverpool to the same
point via the Suez."
AMERICAN commerce is at 'the present time
so much dependent upon the upbuilding of
an adequate merchant marine and the con
struction of an isthmian canal that- the country notes
with something of indignation the;'delay and hesita
tion of Congress in dealing with; the bills designed to
accomplish those much. desired measures. The Sen
ate has passed a shipping, bill and the -House has
passed an isthmian canal, bill, but at that point ac
tivity has stopped. The Senate bill rests -in a com
mittee of the House and the House; bill rests- in the
Senate; and there is danger that /unless the people
be urgent in demanding >ction neither measure will
become law during this session. ... : . ¦ ' / . : .
AMERICAN \ -COMMERCE.
rn HE; tide of public sentiment against Governor Gage is running stronger than ever. His narrow mind, self-
I conceit'and puffed-up egotism so clearly revealed in his arrogant letter to the $an Jose : convention cauw
/ | _ much unfavorable comment. The letter so insulting in its tone put many of his omce-noldmg m *™f ?*
I ' ¦ shame and counteracted the indorsement of the Republican administration, which they begged so ™ra ior
: * ; harmony's sake to obtairf. The comment of the leading influential Republican newspapers of the l**" ~£
the expressions of prominent party workers in every field of industrial activity signify that the people ol canior
. have had enough of Gage, Herrin and Burns. There is widespread apprehension that the political manipulators wm
attempt to force Gage's renomination by the admission of appointed delegates to the Republican btate Co ™ e " lx °'
The machine plan is to win the city primaries by enlisting Democrats to vote for Gage delegates and to iook to
country for appointed delegations. The Iroquois Democratic Club has already given cut the command tnat me wa -
riors" shall participate in the San Francisco primary election and vote for the Gage delegates, lhe iJemocrais arc
hoping arid praying that Gage will get the Republican nomination, as they regardhim as an easy mar *- .. f P *f 1 ?•
the Democratic push and Republican office holders, Gage has very few supporters. It is the general beiiet . tnai^nis
renomination would disrupt the party and bring defeat to the Republican cause. Commenting on Uage, leading ncw*
' papers remark: ;
Napa Register: .,•» *.
Assemblyman Melick of Pasadena utilized
several columns of space itt the. Pasadena News
the other day in a review of the administration
of Governor Gage. | He alms at an impartial
presentation of facts and does not omit giving
credit where he thinks credit is due, but he
says: "Just so sure as Governor Gage's re
nomination is - forced by the aid of boss rule,
so sure will. the Republican party be defeated
at the pqlls. • ' . ¦ ¦
Pomona Progress:
Gage dies. hard. ' : ; '
. In spite of the efforts of the Gage push from
all parts of the. State to boom the Governor's
cause at the League of Republican Clubs con
vention at San Jose, the Belshazzar writing is
said to have been plainly visible on the wall,
and the ellenco of delegates from, all parts of
the State a I the mention of the Governor's
name was more forcible and ominous than the
loud shouting of the Burns and Gage rooters.
It had been announced by the Gage organs that
the. real "show down" of the campaign among
the candidates for the. Republican nomination
for Governor • would come at this convention.
But lfdlda't come, for so strong was the senti
ment- againbt Gage at the convention that It
would have split the party had It been at
tempted. The. Gage leaders,, who are among
the shrewdest and .. most experienced political
manipulators I and \ managers of conventions in
the State, »were largely in control of the con
vention; but the handwriting was on the wall
Justthe same. ¦• •-.. ¦¦¦
¦• -We do not believe that , Gage will ever be
Governor again, and If he Is nominated It will
be by the bosses, and not by the people.
.With only a local reputation as a criminal
lawyer, four years ago the bosses snatched him
out of' obscurity and the* people made him
Governor. . But It didn't work; he was too
email bore. -You can never make a whistle out
of a pig's tall.' From the Governor's attempt
to make Dan Burns a United States Senator on
through, his administration has been anything
but' a credit to the State.
San Dieg-o Union :
The letter of Governor Gage to the San Jose
Republican convention should disgust even his
followers. -A more transparently hypocritical
epistle was never penned by a tricky politician.
The' Governor,- with an assumption of virtue
that will bring smiles to the faces of all who
know him. informs the gathering that he can
not attend because its "momentous delibera
tions should be absolutely exempt from all per
sonal influence of candidates," and because the
convention's labors "cannot be free from'em
barrassing Influences If aspirants for guberna
torial honors attend."
Having thus attempted to cast a slur upon
several gentlemen who are attending the con
vention although they, are supposed to be "as
pirants," the Governor proceeds to do a little
stroke of business on his own account. Al
though his virtuous scruples do not permit him
to be there, he hastens to Inform the gathering
In very explicit language that he desires and
expects to be renominated. Presumably ac
cording to the Gage ethics, this blunt statement
— which sounds much like the crack of a whip
— will not be regarded as the "personal in
fluence" of a candidate, whereas were the Gov
ernor to attend, occupy a back seat and keep
his mouth shut, the convention might feel It
self under his potent sway. Governor Gage is
always most transparent when he fancies him
self most profund.
• • •
The Gage machine, well oiled and carefully
adjusted as it is, slipped a cog. disastrously at
the convention of the Lieague of Republican
Clubs, which has just concluded its session at
San Joee.
The committee on resolutions drafted a
formal Indorsement of the Governor's adrnln-
lstration, but this did not suit some of his
partisans. They Insisted that the resolution
should read "warmly Indorse." But when the
committee took a vote twenty-one of its mem
bers declined to accept the little adverb that
was designed to take the chill oft a perfunc
tory Indorsement, and only seven committee
men favored it. So the resolution unrelieved
of its cold formality went to the convention
and was adopted as it came from the commit
tee. ; •
The Incident would be significant in any cir
cumstances, but it is especially so in view
of the fact that Governor Gage had served
formal notice on the convention that he is a
candidate and ''desires and expects" a renom
ination. Had a majority of the delegates been
favorably, inclined to his aspirations, there
would have been little trouble in inserting, on
the floor of the convention, . the "warmly In
dorse" which the committee rejected by an
overwhelming vote. It does not appear, how
ever, that a single delegate attempted to In
fuse any life into the committee's frigid reso
lution. The gathering, so .the dispatches say.
tv as extremely harmonious, and the harmony
was not broken by any member foolish enough
to seek action that might seem like recognition
of the Governor's pretensions.
The plain fact is that the Governor was
firmly turned down by the San Jose conven
t:on. Republicans who do not wish to see
their party disgraced as well as beaten will
cherish the hope that the turning down process
so auspiciously begun at the league conven
tion may continue until Governor Gage and
his gang of practical politicians cease to be a
factor In the Republican party of California. i»
Los Angeles Times:
In the. case of an executive officer who has
performed some great and signal service,
whose administration haa been distinguished
In some unusual manner. It Is customary for
his party to compliment him with a nomina
tion for a second term. This is well. It Is
no more than a just recognition of services
well performed. It Is a compliment to the
official, but - it Is not a right which he may
demand. ¦
Such a compliment should be paid to a faith
ful and exceptionally competent official, if he
be deemed worthy of It, by the spontaneous
action of his party, and with practical unan
imity. Unless It comes to him in such manner,
and with such unanimity, it is of compara
tively little value. Certainly an "Indorsement"
which the executive officer is obliged to pull
wires for — to scheme and plan for like a ward
politician — is of no substantial or permanent
value. A triumph' won by such methods Is
but little better than defeat, and Is worse than
defeat in some respects.
In the case of the Gage administration in
California has It been distinguished for notable
achievement? Has It been other than com
monplace and perfunctory? Has Henry T.
Gage done anything in his capacity as Governor
of the State to merit a renomination? Has his
administration been better than that of any of
his predecessors? Has he In anywise dem
onstrated to the* satisfaction of the people of
this commonwealth that he is so valuable in
the office of chief executive that he should
be honored by a second term? Has he. in
point of fact, any valid or recognizable claim
to a renomihation? . -. .
No unprejudiced man can truthfully answer
these questions in the affirmative. Not only
are there no substantial reasons for the re
nomination of Governor Gage, but there are
many strong reasons why he should not be
renomlnated, as the Times has already shown,
and as It expects to demonstrate In the future.
These - reasons need not be enumerated here.
They could not be enumerated without filling
several columns of space. But they are ample,
sufficient, conclusive. •
The Republican party of California cannot
afford to risk the experiment of a renomination
which would almost certainly lead straight t»
de 0 e ife t *thln- is as certain as any truth can be.
the Governor cannot secure a I e ?° ml I n , at c 1 °£
without fighting and scheming for U. I «n
under no circumstances go to him aa a spon
taneous tribute from his party. There Is a
powerful opposition to his ' eno ™ 1 " at '° n T ( ?°£
irful enough? under normal
sure hla defeat In the convention on the first
agr-&r«ss3aa f g '-^ f ««s
Under these circumstances he would. If h«
were possessed of wisdom and P art y loy . aI J y l
refu«e to allow his name to *>* c °^ ld £? I d ub f 1 o 1 r
renomination. The Interests of the Republi
can party of California demand the elimina
tion of Henry T. Gage as a factor In the gu
bernatorial campaign. Instead ofmovtaj
heaven and earth to secure a renoniinaflonha
should retire from the field for the manifest
good of the party.
Eedlands dtro graph:
The revolt against the boss domination of
Colonel Burns Is widespread and deep seated.
In traveling over the State we find It every
where Men have told us that they had noth
ing particular against Governor Gage, except
that he was controlled by Colonel Burns.
It Is this widespread feeling that the wls«
political leaders will take Into account when
coolly calculating the chances of winning out
In the campaign this fall. Conceding the fact
that the State is 20,000 Republican, the change
of only a few votes In each precinct In tha
State against the Republican nominee will
change the 20.C00 majority Into a 10,000 minor
ity. The feeling was noticeable In the Estee.
campaign — and defeated one of the best men
California ever had. The Reeling: Is stronger
to-day than It was then, and the tame result
will follow If Governor Gage is renomlnated.
In no one. thing did the Gage forces at San
Jose this week so overreach themselves as in
letting the Gage letter be read. It was a wan
ton, brutal, vicious and uncalled-for insult to
the honest and honorable- gentlemen who went
to the convention as Republicans, albeit they
were candidates for the high office of Gov
error.
Pasadena News:
Governor Gage wrote a letter to the San
Jose convention that was much criticized and
which didn't do him any good, saying that he
greatly desired a renomination. If the Stata
convention were called now. It looks as If hla
trained cohorts could force his nomination.
But it Is four months off and with the big
newspapers pouring hot shot into his camp,
there is no telling what It may look like by
that time. Flint has declared he is going to
stay to the end.
Therefore, unless the unexpected happens,
the next State convention may be a repetition
of the legislative deadlock, with Gage substi
tuted for Burns In the center of the field. It
will be a battle royal to a finish.
One of the unexpected things which is be
ing: whispered about is that Gage may get out
of the gubernatorial race and take up the
Senatorial fight against Senator George C.
Perkins. It will be remembered that the Sen
atorial toga is what Gage first ¦ reached for
when he emerged from his Los Angeles law
office four years ago when Colonel Burns and
W. F. Herrin switched him off toward Sacra
mt-nto.
Pomcna Progress:
We do not believe that Gage will ever be
Governor again; and If he Is nominated It will
be by the bosses and not by the people.
¦Considering how much trouble even Americans
have in trying to straighten out the' conflict .between
the civil and the military; authorities in the Philip
pines, it is not strange^the Filipinos should in
doubt whether to be friehds.orenemies/ In fact the
American newspaper men at Manila seem to* tie] as
badly bewildered as the natives and several- of them
are in jail for guessing wrong. , ". r ;
Office--Holding Push and Democratic Agitators Com
pose the Governor's Support.
It is to be borne in mind that the opposition to
Gage does not come from a clique, nor is it confined
to a single section of the State. It has arisen from
the mass of the Republican party and owes its origin
to the actions and the speeches of Gage himself. It
is due to his open subservience to the corporations,
to his degradation of the normal schools and chari
table institutions of the State, to the spoils of politics,
to his appointment of incompetent and vicious men
to official position, and to the petty spitefulness with
which he acts toward every one who differs from
him in opinion. His administration has been a pro
longed scandal from the day he showed himself* the
ally of Herrin in the conspiracy to elect Burns to
the. United States Senate. He has amazed and of
fended those who supported him in his first cam
paign, and to-day has no strength except that which
can be obtained for him by the combination of
Democratic and Republican bosses under the con
trol of Billy Herrin.
An opposition so widespread and so well founded
cannot be overcome by an appeal to party fealty.
Thousands of Republicans will vote against Gage, if
the bosses should by any trick bring about his re
nomination. Consequently, all who have the welfare
of the Republican party at heart, and desire to see
it win a sweeping victory this fall, must earnestly
work to baffle Herrin's conspiracy. In no county
should the bosses be permitted to appoint the dele
gates to the State convention. Every delegate
should be a true representative of his constituency
and be elected at an honest primary by the votes of
genuine Republicans.
In this juncture the rank and file of the party have
a right to look to the State Central Committee for
assistance in the fight for honest primaries. It is
true the. State committee cannot dictate the holding
of primaries, but their recommendation "will have a
good deal of influence in that direction. The "ex
ecutive committee ought therefore to earnestly urge
the holding of primaries for the election of delegates
to the State convention. An initiative should be
given to the movement to assure every true Repub
lican a chance to take part in the selection of dele
gates who are to represent him in making nominal
tions for the State ticket.
The fight for Gage is now virtually a fight
against the Republican party. Protests against his
renomination have come so universally from the Re
publican press, and from the true leaders of -the
party, as to render it no longer doubtful that if nomi
nated he will be defeated. His nomination, therefore,
will be disastrous to the party, and those who are
seeking to bring it about are clearly resolved to ruin
the party if they cannot rule it.
The Call has exposed some of the workipgs of the
bosses to procure the appointment of Gage delegates,
or rather of Herrin delegates, for while they will vote
for the renomination of Gage it will be at Herrin's
dictation. It must not be supposed, however, that
the localities specified by The Call are the only places
where t$e tricksters are at work. It is safe to say
there is not a single place in the State outside those
in which the law requires primaries to be held that
is not the scene of plotting and planning on the part
of the conspirators who are trying to betray the Re
publican State convention into the hands of the Dem
ocratic boss employed as -the political agent of the
Southern Pacific Company. Republicans, therefore,
must be everywhere vigilant. The bosses are not go
ing to leave any chance of gaining a delegate over
looked, nor any trick untried to accomplish, their
purpose.
WHEN Herrin's henchmen found they could
not obtain from the convention of Repub
lican clubs at San Jose a straightout in
dorsement of Gage under any circumstances, and had
to resort to trickery to get even a perfunctory refer
ence to his administration, they realized that the op-,
position of the Republican rank and file to the cor
poration scheme is too formidable for them to over
come by fair tactics; and thereupon they began with
more zeal than ever to work out a plan to capture
the convention by having delegates appointed' by
local bosses instead of being elected by primaries.
Against the new tactics genuine Republicans must
now array themselves. The appointment scheme
must be met and defeated.
SENTIMENT IS PRONOUNCED
AGAINST THE GAGE MACHINE
by no act; of which either" Government need be
ashamed. The only reasonable complaint that has
been made concerning it is that of the people 'of 'the
islands, who charge that the delay in settling the
matter has been hurtful to their" interests. They
are overwhelmingly in favor of '•.' the' transfer to " the
United States and wish the treaty ratified at once
so -that they can begin business on the new basis.
THE APPOINTMENT SCHEME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
4
AUCTION SALES.
Bv Eastoa. Eldridge & Co.— Monday. April 28. at 10
o'clock, niegant furniture at S10 Stockton street.
By Wm. G. Layng— Monday. April 28. at 11 o'clock. Driv-
ing Horses. Burgles, etc.. at 2i6 Third street.
By E. Smith— Tuesday. April 20. at 11 o'clock. Fashion
Ftables. at Strekton. Cal.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscriber* contemplating a chancre ol
residence daring tbe summer months can hare
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addreases hy notifying The Call Ilnsiness Office.
This paper ivlll also be on *ale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in |
all towns on the coast. * «
California — "The Starbucks." •
Tivoll — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Slaves of the Orient."
Alcazar — -The Lash of the Whip."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.- Results from 353 districts have been re
ceived. They are divided as follows: One
hundred and thirty-three Ministerialists,
110 antl-MInlsterialists and 110 reballota.
Two Ministers, M. Millerand, the Min
ister of Commerce, and M. Leygues, the
Minister of Public Instruction, await re
ballots, which probably will be favorable.
The Dreyfus champion, John Reich,
whose reappearance in political life was
one of the features of the elections, head
ed the polling In his district, Department
of Basses-Alpes. He probably will be
elected on a reballot by the transference
of the votes given to the Compaigne Re
publican candidate.
The Ministerialists elected Included
eighteen militant Socialists, who will give
very loose support to the Government.
The anti-Ministerialists include thirty
nine anti-Socialists and Republican fol
lowers of M. Melin.
TWO MINISTERS IN DOUBT.
The rain ceased in the evening and im
mediately crowds gathered in front of the
newspaper offices, where, notwithstanding
the prohibition of the police, Illuminated
sheets were displayed upon which the re
sults of the election were flashed. No
disturbance worth mentioning occurred.
During the day the authorities took
stringent precautions to cope with possi
ble disorders and strong bodies of police
kept the crowds in motion. The entire
Republican guard was quartered in the
various public buildings.
Dense crowds, composed chiefly of Na
tionalists, assembled In front of the offices
of the Libre Parole, the Gaulois and the
Echo de Paris and greeted the first elec
tion announcements, which Included three
Nationalist victories in Paris, with tre
mendous cheering.
iM. Mlllerand (Radical Socialist), who
stood for re-election In one of the dis
tricts of Paris, failed on the first ballot,
his Nationalist opponent running him
closely throughout. ¦ If the votes arc re
corded and the anti-Ministerialists and
the Socialists are transferred to M. Mil
lerand on the second ballot, to. be held on
May 11, he is certain to be re-elected.
Among the Deputies re-elected to the
Chamber are -MM. Deliasz, Radical: Cail
laux. Republican; Baudln, Radical Social
ist; Decrais, Radical; Deschanel, Republi
can, president of the Chamber, Depart
ment of Eure-et-Locy; d'Bstournelles,
Radical: Godefroy-Cavalgnai, Republican;
Count de Mun, Conservative; Polncare,
Republican; Abbe Lemier, Christian So
cialist, and Abbe Gairaud, Catholic Re
publican. ¦ ;.
NO DISTURBANCES OCCUR.
PARIS, April 27.— Paris has not elected
a single Ministerialist to the Chamber of
Deputies. Eight Nationalists, six anti-
Ministerialist Socialists, four anti-Minis
terialist Republicans and three Conserva
tives were returned. It was the worst
defeat the Government has ever sustained
in Paris. The Ministerialists lost four
seats, and another new constituency was
won by the Nationalists.
The deputies elected include MM. Mille
voy (Nationalist), Georges Berry (Na
tionalist), Lockroy (Radical) and Vail
lant (Revolutionary Socialist), who were
members of the retiring Chamber, and
Flourens (Progressist) and Mesureur
(Radical Socialist). A retiring deputy
was replaced by Syveton (Nationalist).
Reballotin? will occur in twenty-nine dis
tricts.
The Nationalists, however, suffered a
severe check In Algiers, where Drumont,
the anti-Semite, was turned out by a ma
jority of 900. . . . , ¦
Among the prominent deputies re-elect
ed to the Chamber are Count Bonl de
Castellane (Progressist,) Rtbot (Republi
can), Meline (Progressist) and De Lanes-
Ban (Radical).
The polling began this morning and
closed this evening. The total number of
candidates, was 2515. Of this number 353
stood in the department of the Seine. ' A
drenching rain in Paris did not prevent
the voters going to the bo6ths. The poll
everywhere was about 20 per cent hdavler
than at. the last elections.
Drumont, the Anti-Semite National
ist, Loses by 'a Majority of
Nine Hundred in.
Algiers. .
Worst Defeat the Government
Has Tet Sustained in
the Capital.
Paris Elects Not a Sin
gle Ministerialist
Deputy.
ANTI-LOUBET
FORGES GAIN
THE VICTORY
WASHINGTON. f April 27.-The atten
tion of the War Department has been di
rected to the statement, that appeared In
print recently that Senator Stephen ; B
Elkins of West Virginia had seen no mil
itary service. The records show that Sen
ator El kl nB saw ! service in the - West ! as
captain of Company B, Seventy-seventh
enrolled Missouri militia, which' by direc
tion of General Schofleld was placed un
der the orders of United States officers
and was honorably discharged In 1864.
Senator Elkins' War K-ecord.
CHICAGO, April 27.-Hon. J. Ster
ling Morton, former Secretary of
Agriculture, died at 4:60 o'clock
this afternoon at Lake Forest, at
the home of his son, Mark Mor
ton. For several weeks Mr. Morton had
been gradually failing.. Death was due to
cerebral thrombus. ,*«
The interment will be at Nebraska City.
A special train, bearing the body of Mr.
Morton and members of his family and
friends, will leave Lake Forest on Tues
day afternoon for Nebraska' City.
The illness of former Secretary Morton
dates from last November, when he con
tracted a severe cold while speaking at
the stock show In Chicago, j The cold de
veloped into an attack of grip and Mr.
Morton was rn a hospital for some time.
"When he was able to do so, he returned to
his home in this city, where he suffered
a relapse. After a partial recovery he
left, early In March, for the City of Mex
ico, accompanied by his son, Paul Mor
ton, vice president of the Santa Fe Rail
road. Mr. Morton continued to grow
worse in the southern country, however,
and six weeks ago he returned to his old
home In Nebraska. He then came to Chi
cago, where it was believed he would
have better medical attention. After he
arrived here he Improved somewhat and
It was believed for a time that he would
entirely recover from his ailment. Last
week he suffered a stroke of apoplexy,
from which he never recovered.- He suf
fered a second stroke to-day and he had
become so weak from his long sickness
that it proved fatal.
' His three sons. Paul Morton, Joy Mor
ton and Mark Morton, were at the bed
side when the end came.
MOBTON'S PUBLIC CABEEE.
J. Sterling: Morton was in Washington
four years as Secretary of Agriculture,
in President Cleveland's .second adminis
tration. He was a man of steadfast con-
Bakersfield Excursion.
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfield Street
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets at one
fare for the round. trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office, 641 Market st.
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
11.
Bakersfield Looks for Criminals.
BAKERSFIELD, April 27.— The police
authorities are daily receiving at their
own request photographs of the many
well-known criminals on this coast. Sher
iff Borgwardt and City Marshal Packard
have been notified by the Chiefs of Po
lice of San Francisco and other cities in
the' State that many of the leaders of
the criminal element are headed this way,
being attracted by the carnival, which
opens next Saturday.
WASHINGTON, : April 27.— The House
Committee on Interstate . Commerce,
which has been 'holding a series of hear
ings on the question of granting enlarged
powers over railroad rates to the Inter
state Commerce Commission, held a ses
sion yesterday evening, when John Nim
mo, formerly of the Treasury Depart
ment, appeared as the first witness in op
position to the Corliss bill. Nlmmo said
that the recent appeal to the Circuit
Court at Chicago was the first attempt to
apply the civil remedy ! provided by sec
tion 16 of the act ; to regulate commerce
and asserted that the Corliss bill aims
to destroy that remedy. A lively colloquy
ensued between Nimmo and Judge Knapp
of the commission, the latter stating that
there has been no reduction In transpor
tation charges in this country during the
last ten years. Nimmo strenuously de
nied • this assertion, declaring that the
statistics of the Interstate Commerce
Commission show a reduction of 22% per
cent. Nimmo opposed placing absolute
ppwer over -rates in the Interstate Com
merce Commission. ->..¦
Commerce Commission Meets
. "With Opposition.
Plan' to Enlarge Powers of Interstate
IIVELY COLLOQUY OVER
TBANSP0RTATI02T CHARGES
The ex-Secretary was 70 years old to
day, this having been the anniversary of
his birthday. He was of Scotch-English
descent. He was- born in Jefferson Coun
ty, N. Y., his parents moving to Michi
gan when he was very young. He was a
graduate of Union College, N. Y,
Mr. Morton was connected editorially
for a time with the Detroit Free Press
and the Chicago Times, and then locat
ed at Belleville, Neb., in November, 1854,
where in the following April he issued
the first number of the Nebraska City
News. He was elected to the territorial
Legislature the same year and re-elected
in 1857. He was appointed Secretary of
the Territory in 1858, to fill the vacancy
caused by the death of Thomas B. Cum
ing, and. served until May, 1861, part of
the time as Acting Governor. He was
elected to Congress in I860, but was un
seated as ths result of a contest. He was
four times nominated by ¦ his • party for
Governor of Nebraska, but waa defeated
each time. He was a stalwart "gold
man," and had an early. falling out with
Hon. William J. Bryan, whose political
aspirations he opposed vigorously. He
was Identified officially with many agri
cultural and horticultural ofnaials.
The ex-Secretary was the author of Ar
bor day, April 22, which began to be
observed generally during his Incumbency
as head of the Department of Agriculture
and which is now- observed in all thB
States. His constant motto was "plant
trees," and these words lie had stamped
In large letters, under a picture of a tree
on his stationery. He waa an inveterate
letter writer. He found keen enjoyment
in answering communications from farm
ers and it was no unusual occurrence for
him to call newspaper men Into his of
fice to read the answers he was writing
to farmers, often giving out portions of
them for publication.
victions, unswerving honesty, and un
doubted ability. By nature a controver
sialist, Mr. Morton came to the Cabinet
With many fixed ideas about the govern
ment service. He was a practical farmer
and ran his department along practical
lines, but, nevertheless, ' not without
many sauabbles. He regarded the dis
tribution of seeds as paternalistic, and on
that subject found himself in opposition
to Congress.
SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE IN THE SECOND CLEVELAND CABI
NET AND THE FOUNDER OF "ARBOR DAY," \ViIO HAS 8UC
, CUMBED TO THE EFFECTS OF AN ATTACK OF GRIP.
"Another reason why I place no cred
ence in the agreement lies in the fact
that Haytlans have not yet forgotten the
harsh measures adopted by the Berlin
Government several years ago. German
interests are not as important in Haytl
as are those of the United States and
France. There, is as little foundation for
the agreement, I am sure, as there is for
the report that President Sam desires to
assume the role of dictator."
"I have heard nothing whatever of the
reported secret agreement alleged to have
been entered into between General Le
conte. Minister of Public Works, and a
German syndicate. I am confident that
no such agreement exists. In the first
place, the constitution of Haytl forbids
the alienation of a single foot of territory
to a foreign government. In the second
place, the people of Hayti are Intensely
patriotic and they love their country too
deeply to permit its curtailment, v Beyond
this is the fact that if Hayti were willing
to permit the establishment of a coaling
station on her soil, Grant more than
twenty-five years ago would have ob
tained such concession, for he did his ut
most to that effect.
German diplomats say there la abso
lutely no ground for believing that their
government is interested in the action
of German subjects in Haytl, and that
they are weary of denying reports that
their Government contemplates a viola
tion of the Monroe doctrine. At the same
time it is admitted that it may be ad
vantageous for Germany, if it should turn
out that her subjects have obtained ex
clusive rights to establish and maintain
coaling stations in the little republic.
Mr. Leger said this afternoon that the
report that a secret agreement prejudicial
to the United States has been entered into
by the Minister of Public Works and
German subjects had probably been put
out In the interest of one of the candi
dates for the Presidency of Hayti. Ho
deplored the publication of such rumors,
because they might have the effect of
shaking the confidence of American cap
italists in his country. He continued;
These two statements succinctly express
the attitude of the United States, as ex
plained to-night by a high official of the
administration, and of Hayti, as described
by K. N. Leger, Minister of that country
In "Washington.
The United States cannot object to any
private syndicate or corporation establish
ing a coal pile in Haytl or any place else
on American soil, but the moment it is
evident a foreign government exercises
control over that pile and the territory
upon which it is placed the administration
will act.
"Hayti Is forbidden by Her constitution
and is too patriotic to cede an inch of her
territory to a foreign nation, no matter
what may be the use to which it is pro
posed to put it."
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 27.— "Haytl will
not be allowed to permit Germany or any
other European power to establish a coal-
Ing station within her territory."
Special Dispatch to The Call. t
the German Diplomats Deny
Report From Port-
Au-Frince.
President Sam's Representative and
Berlin Must Nof Expect to
Establish Station on
ths Island.
Rumor Brings Prompt
Declaration From
Washington.
NO HAYTIEN
COAL DEPOT
FOR KAISER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
Former Secretary of Agriculture Succumbs
to the Effects of an Attack of Grip.
HON. J. STERLING MORTON
SLEEPS WITH HIS FATHERS
5
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPENING OF THE
NEW CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
THURSDAY-MAY DAY.
A Host ct New Attractions on the Grounds
and in the Maentncent Theater.
•Seatin? 4000 People.
PERFORMANCES EVERY AFTERNOON and
EVENING.
SPECIAL FEATURE:
Col. Edward Beaupre,
THE FRENCH GIANT.
, Absolutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches In
Hla Stockings.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
Fhone for Seats— Park 23.
CHANGEJF BILL!
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nosses;
Louise Dresser; Jack ITorworth;
Milton and I>ollie Nobles; Pony
Ballet; "Wilton Brothers; Knight
Brothers, and the Biograph.
Reserved Beats, 25e; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Bex Seats, 50c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
GOOD LUCK GUARANTEED TO ALL
WHO CALL ON
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
STILL CROWDING THE HOUSE.
ICert— THE SINGING GrRL.
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 73c
Telephone Bush 9.
HAilLUlflilM UADISBTHEMa
Powell et.. near Market.
Two Weeks Beginning TO-NIGHT.
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
MR. N. C.
GOODWIN
MISS MAXINE
ELLEOTT
In Their Greatest American and London
Success,
WHEN WE
WERE TWENTY-ONE.
Staered With All the Beautiful Accessories of
the New York and London Productions.
DDIfPC Evenings.. $2, SI r>0. $1. 75o, 50c. 25e
1 ivlVrlO Matinees SI 50. $1, 75c, 50c, 25c
ANOTHER MAGNIFICENT TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS "WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY.
Presenting the Very Latest of Pronounced
State Successes,
"THB STARBUCKS."
By Opie Head.
SEATS SELLING.
Next«"UNDER TflE RED ROBE."
SEATS THURSDAY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT and EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
Limited Starring Engagement of
The Popular Author-Actor,
EDWARD HARHIGAN
In Mr. Harrlgan'ft Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
TOPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 256.
Next Week— "THE LEATHER PATCH."
| FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farreli. bet. Stockton and Powell eta.
Telephone Main 23L
NOW THAT THE STRIKE IS SETTLED
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Will have a greater run than ever.
To-night begins the fourth week.
We would have furnished carriagei for those
who could not come during the strike, but there
were not enough carriages in town to accom-
modate the tremendous crowds. We always
add (something new with every week's begin-
ning.
REMEMBER
The EXTRA MAY DAY MATINEE on this
coming Thursday. Any seat at the Matinees
25c. Children at matinees 10c. Night Prices
(all reserved), 25c and 50c, and such good seats.
BGtASCOAMoTfiiALCSjfagggS.
*&WZ+ PK5 TT* $i9 f& Ej3^ - * - "««f 5^
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular Melodrama Ever
Seen in This City.
SLA VES OF
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE .
PRODUCTION. THE GREATEST EVER.
New and Up-to-Date Specialties.
Appearance of the Brilliant Actor, EARLE
BROWNE.
I-PFfPC Evenings ..10c to 50c
IIllCLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25a
Next Week— "MRS. PARTINGTON."
Belasco & Thai!, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
The Lash
of the Whip.
It has convulsed London, Paris and New York.
PRICES 16c, 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c.
"""""" *
Next Week — "When the Heart Was Young."
Weekly Gall, $1 per Year
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEOBGE WASHINGTON'S QITETJE
4
It Hid a Luxuriant Suit of Straight
and Very Bark Hair.
The Father of ' his Country concealed
a luxuriant suit of hair beneath his queue
wig. Many now wish the old fashion were
In vogue, to conceal thinned hair or bald-
ness. Yet, no one need have thin hair
nof be bald, if he cure the dandruff that
causes both. Dandruff cannot be cured
by scouring the scalp, because it is a grerm
disease, and the perm has to be killed.
Newbro's Herpiclde kills the dandruff
germ— no other hair preparation will.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." There's no cure for dandruff but
to kill the germ.
PjfllytpP Desirable location,
1 UIUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
51 fm v ' ce anc * modern
UllU conveniences are the
_ attributes that have
¦Tfyinn niacie these two ho-
U lull II tels popular with
__ t tourists and travel-
nArAIC crs who visit San
llUlWla Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
glU^ RACING
—^^*— ¦ — ¦**»>• Every Week Day—
wr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start st 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Btn Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Laet two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking:. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via AlamecTa mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
CO direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4-15
and «:45 p. m. and immediately after tbe last
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mcr.
AERO CLUB
Of San Francisco,
SHERMAN & CLAT HALL, 223 8utter Street,
MONDAY. April 28th. 8 p' m.
An Excellent Programme Will Be Presented.
Airship in Operation on the Stage.
SINGLE TICKETS, 60c.
Tickets Admitting Two, With One Share of
Stock. SI. .
AUCTION SALES
* Inaugural
Auction Sale
- . At My New Place. . ii
216 THIRD STREET. Hi
60 Driving Horses
(Gentla and well broken).
BUGGIES. CARTS. HARNES3,
P.OBES, BLANKETS. WHIPS ETC.. ETC*
All in Perfect Order.
This Is a rare opportunity for seekers afte*
young and fine loosing. w«ll-hroken horses,
weighing from 10CO to 1500 pounds; sultahla
for all purposes; most of them city broke;
flno saddle horses, etc.. as well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles Indis-
pensable to all horse owners.
THIS DAY y
MONDAY, APRIL 28. 1902.
Commencing at 11 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
Office 246 Third st. near Folsom.
(Formerly 721 Howard street)
WM. G. LATNQ. Anctlonew.
p^ MERICAN AUCTION CO.. 209 Pine Street.
CREDIT SAl^ ."CREDIT SALE!
THIS DAY
MONDAY. APRIL 2S. 1902. at 10 o'clock a. m.,
BY CATALOGUE. ON PREMISES.
813 Market- Street,
TV«rWlll Sell, by Order of
COWEN 6t COWEN,
On a Liberal Credit. Their Entire
$25,000 STOCK
Crockery. Glassware, Stoves, Decorated "Ware.
Hotel Crockery. Bar Glasses. Lamp Stock.
Incandescent Burners and Mantles, Plated
Ware, Cutlery, Ornaments. Bisque Figures.
Jardinieres, Fancy Pottery, Teas, Coffees.
Spices, Enamel Ware, Tinware, Woodenware.
TO THE TRADE— Sale positively without r»»
serve. A chance for you. Be sure and attend.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
' C. E. DAVIS. Auctioneer.
£* <£&.£&¦&*
AUCTION SALE
Horses. Carriages, Harness,
Eto.
EXCELSIOR STABLES. 965' BUTTER ST.
TUESDAY April 29. 1903
At 11 O'clock.
On account of removal to new stables, corner
Polk and Geary, on May 1. where I will outfit
with a complete line of the latest style rigs, X
will sell ofC all my stock at present premises
Consisting of horses, carriages, coupes, run-
abouts, bike-buggies, surreys, harness, whip*
and rches, without reserve or limit.
H. P. PATRICK. Proprietor.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE.
Tuesday, April 29, 1902, 11 a. m«
AT STOCKTON, CAL. .
Contents of Fashion Stables.
Forty first-class livery horses, wagonettes.
! 3-seaters, surreys, rubber-tired buggies, har-
' ness, safe, desk, furniture and tools. Sale oa
1 account or dissolution of partnership. Every-
i thins flrst-flass and up-to-date; no reserve or
limit. ED SMITH. Auctioneer.
*x_^ I will sell NEXT TUESDAY, April 29.
/¦fcly 11 a. m., at 1140 Folsom st., 2 carloads
of DRAFT. DRIVING and BUSINESS
HORSES. These horses are all broken and
gentle and will be sold without reserve or
limit: also a choice lot of wagons., buggies,
carts and harness..
• BAH. WAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND N0RT3 PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAJTT.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Slarlcet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL,
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1 :50 and 11 :30 n. m.
8UNDAYS— 8:00.. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30,,
5:00. 6:20 o. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAM FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:10, 7:00, »:2O, 11:10 a. m.r
12:43 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4<V
5:05, 6:25 p. m. -J _^
Leave 1 In Effect I- Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. l&Olt San Francisco.
-Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Day. I days. | Destination I daya. I Days.
7r30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 3:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, «:05pm 10:25am.
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. T :35pm w :20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10:25aas
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton,
Geyservlllo,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pmV
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and lUclah. 7:35pm 0 :20pm
7:30am 110:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:0Opm <:20pa»
7 :30am « :00am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40ass
and
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8:00am] ' ]10:40am|10:2Sam
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopoi. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at,
GeyserviUe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls*
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga.
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs*
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
WUHts. Laytonville, Cummins. Bell's. Springs.
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off.ee, 650 Market, street. Chronlcla
building. • •
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, '
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pasa. Agt.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SA.N RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. *7:45. 8:45. 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20, U:45. 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. »«:t5.
6:45 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run 'to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. *9:00, 10:00, 11:00,
11:30 a. m., 12;3O, «l:30, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00.
7:30, 9:45. 11:45 d. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40, 8:15. *9:30.
11:00 a. m.. 12:25, 2:15. »3:30. 4:40, 5:30. 6:45.
10:15 v. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. •8:00, 9:30. *11:00 a. m..
•12:0a m.; 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:15. »5:45. 6:45.
7:30. 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40 7:45. 8:25. 9:45.
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20. 7:10.
10*15 d n>
SUNDAY'S— 6:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15, 10:40
P " m * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. . •
3:15 p. ¦ m. Saturday*^ — Cazadero and way
St 6 t :l°5 nS p m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m.' Sundays— Caiadero and way
stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays^ — Point Reyes and way
stations. •
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. _ _
/¦^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
"l^^^jl 629 KEAR.NY ST. Established
«fi^qfaLii> !•"?*• for the treatment of I'rlvnto
F» K Dhwtue w. I'"<t MantKxxl. Dehillty or
¦tw ffi!SS^[|i«'as<» wearing on body and nilnrt and
Zfil HWs¥nl°Mr Diseases. Tire Doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. lharges low.
1 ' r n«i'»Hi».»d. CuiiorwrU*.
Dr. J.JT. CilBBOXt »»u Francisco, Cat >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE -rffSSS ISIS FBl^?
222-224 S UTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
MACKEREL, Extra Mess 2 for'25c
Regr. 20c each. Large fish.
BUTTER, Best Creamery 2 sqrs 65c
Regr. 40c square.
SARDINES, Imported French, tinlOc
Reg. 12%c.
EOYAN A LA VATEL, 2 for 25c
Reg. 15c tin. Sardine with truffle and
pickle.
PUREE DE FOIE GRAS tin 20c
Teyssoneau's Reg. 25c.
SWEET CORN 3 for 25c, doz 95c
Kxtra Standard. N. Y. State.
Reg. 10c can.
TOMATO CATSUP bot 15c
"L. L. & Co.'s New Era." Reg. 20c.
OLIVES 25c
Black rtoe Cal. Regr. 35c qt. Our
best quality.
WHISKY. O.K. the Old Reliable
Reg. 11: bottle 75c. 3 bots. for $2.
1 Reg. J4; gallon 83-
COCKTAILS, "Sunset brand
Reg;. $1; ' quarts S."»C-
Reg. 60c: pints 5Oc-
Miniature lOc each.
Awarded the gold medal at Paris.
WHITE LABEL ALE or PORTER
Reg. $2 25 and $2. Bass Ale. a m tf
Guinness Porter. uu * v*>
LEMONS, reg 25c doz 15c
Fanciest.
ALCOHOL LAMP, "Brass" 51.25
Extra heavy. Reg. $2.
RUBBER DRINKING CUP, reg 15c, We
Just the thins for picnicking:.
ASPARAGUS TIPS can 10c
Hlckmott'3 El Capitan. Reg. 12%c.
SAFETY MATCHES 5 doz boxes 25c
Jonkoplngs. Reg. 3 for 25c.
Country orders solicited.
\1U. T. HESS,
KOTARY FUBLIO AND ATTOBNET-AT-LAVT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids-
Telephone Main 983.
Residence, 821 California at., below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave anil are due to arrive at
SAN PB.ANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
lkvtx — Kkom April 20. 19CB. — A«trr»
7.00a Benicla, SuUua, Elmlr* and Sacra-
mento 6-55*
7.00a Vicavllle, Winter*, Rnmsey 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo,
Kaps, CalUtoga, Santa Rosa... ... B25f
1.00a DavIs.WooUIand, Knight* Landing,
Mary«vHlc Oroville 7-55?
8.00a Atlantic Kzpresi— Ogden and Eatt. 8.25a
8.00a Nlle», Lathrop, Stockton 7-2Sr
8.00a Kites, Mendota, Hanford, Vtsalla.
Porterrllle 4.55»
8.50a Shasta Express — Davis. WHUama -
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55?
8.30a San' Joie, Llvermore, Stockton,
Iodo, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Msrysville, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
8.30a Oakdnle.Chlnese.Sonora.Tuolumne 4.25r
9.00a ValleJo 12.25*
8.00a Los 'Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton, Merced.
Karmond.FresnoandLosAsxelei 8.25a
9-30a Vallejo, Martinez aad Way Statlona 7.55r
ti 0.00a Hay ward, Nlles and Way Stations, ti 2.551"
10.00a Tbe Overlind Limited — Ogden, •
Denver, Omaha, -C'blctgo. 6:25r
ti.OOi" Sacramento River Steamen t11-00r
300r Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysrilla, Orovllle 10.55a
5-30p Hayward, Nile* and Way Stations.. 7.55F
4.00r M artlnez.San Ramon,VaIleJo,Napa,
CalUtoga, Santa Rosa 8.25a
400p Kites, Llvermore, Btockton, Lodl.. 12.25r
430P Hayward.NUei.SanJose.LlTermore t855A
4.30P The Owl Limited— Freano, Tnlare,
Bakersfietd, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
t.00> PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
•00p Martinez, Antloeb, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25r
t5.30r Nile* Local.... 7J5A
B.OOr Hayward, Klles and San Jo«e 7.55a
t8.00r Vallejo 11.25a
B.OOr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 4-25*
7.00F San Pablo." Port Costa, Martines
and Way Stations...;... 11.25a
J7.00* Vallejo 7.65*
8-05? Oregon * California Express — Sao-
' ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland, rnget Sound and Eut. 8.55a
tt.TQy Hayward and Miles ¦< til .56 a
COAST LINE (Sarroir t3 Mf e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
$7.45*. Santa Crn* Excursion J8.05F
8.15a Newark, CentervIUe, San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnc and Way Btatlons 5.507
12.15r Newark, CentervIUe. San Jose.
New Almaden, Felton. Boulder
Creek, Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations «. 10.50a
4.15p Newark, San Jose, Los Oatos tj-60A
M.15r San Jose, Los Oatos, Santa Cms... cS-SOa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Blip 8)
— fT:15 »:C0 11:00 a.m. 1.00 800 6-1 5 r.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1»:00 tS:M
t8:03 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4-00 r.M.
COAST LI N E < BrMd «•¦«•)•
(Third and Townaend Streets.) r
6.10a San Jose and Way SUtlons.. ....... 6.40a
t700A San Jose and Wajr SUtlons tSOOA
7.00a New AlTnaden... /4.10r
;7.15a Monterey Ezcnrslon 18.30*
8.00a Coast line Limited — San Jose,
¦ Oilroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45*
9.00a San Jose, Trea Plnos, Santa Cruz, .
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
> Obispo and Principally* raedl-
ate Btatlons 4.10>
10-30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
<i1.30j» San Jose and Way Stations a/JtOr
t2.45r San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, . .
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove........; , t10.45A
3.30P San Jose, Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30?
f4.16r San Jose and PrincipalWayStations 6-30*
tS-OO* San Jose. Lou Oatos and Principal
, Way Stations +9 COa
¦ 5.30* San Jose and PrlncIpalWayStations . 6-30*
6.30r San Jos« and Wa>y Stations 7-30r
7.00* New Orleans Express — San Lnls
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Demlng. El Paso, New
Orleans and Kast 10.30a
a1 145* San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. ¦ P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only, • « Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday on It. - ' ¦
Santa Fe ~
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-stre«t Ferry Depot.
' | Local I Llm'd [Ovrl'd Local
Daily Daily Daily Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•Merced.. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30 a »:11 p
" Freano... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. S:12pJ8:27p 8:05a
•• Vlsalia.. S:89p|. ...... B:D0a
•' Bakersfld 6:15p 5:20p 7:45a
••Kan. City «:40a 7:S0a. ......
••Chicago 2:15p 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
0:00 .i m. train 1» the California IJm-
ited carryin*; Palace Sleeplns Cam and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation ot
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton," Mereed and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12 :20
p. m. daily.
8 p. m. Is th« Overland Express, with
through Palace and ,' Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts eut at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 0:00 p. m.
daily. . ' .
. 7 :20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local stopping
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 841 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.,
Oakland.
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
la an indication of a disordered Stom- H
ach, and if not attended to promptly H
will undermine your constitution and H
leave your system in - a generally un- - fj
healthy condition, thus making you Q
y more uuopptlble to disease. - I
Natural Laxative Mineral Waler. *
Is the best and safest Laxative for the
Positive Gure
OF
Taken immediately upon arising, its
wonderful and satisfying: effects will'
surprise you. Try it onco and you will
use no other Laxative.
Be euro you tfet Hunyadi Janos.
Don't Be Induced
To Buy Substitutes* ?
They are Worthless and
'; .often; /Harmful * -¦/ .
. Label la Bine, with red centre. ' ¦ ' ,
This signature is oa every bos of the genuln*
Laxative Brorao-QuinineTabieu
Vtxt remedy that euros a cold In oae Ooj,
ADVjESTISEMENTB.
Headache
Sick, Nervous,
Neuralgic. i
No matter what may be
the name or the cause, if
you are subject to headache
in any form, you are natu-
rally more interested in
knowing how to prevent and . i
cure it. The next time your
head aches . get a box of
DR. MILES'
Pain Pills
They do •» cure headache
and pain in all forms.
Sold by all druggists. Price 25c.
"For nervous and sick headache we
consider Dr. Miles' Pain Pills the best
remedy that we have ever tried. Mrs.
I Harman has found the most severe
attacks yield immediately to their cura-
tive influence." Rkv. t. H. Harman,
• Fennimore, Wis.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
riOUNT TAM ALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave. Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
nl« k !, U v n «," Tb.»:i5,.-.t» ta^. w Sun- Week
9:30a. 8:00 a. .. lMrtt M T M 12:15p. 9:15a.
1:15p. 9:00a. 1:15f. 3^5p.
4:15 p. 10:00a. £*'^*J»££i? f 3:30 P. 5:55p.
......... 11:30 A. *"£,££ S?i^« M . 4:50 P. .........
......'... 1:30 p. . THEMOFTUUlPMl" 550 p
;........ 2:30 p.| °>* ll » lltt *^'" w " < - 8:15 p
; MTU80AYS OJLT-I«t. T»«m ».» r. m \,, g u rnnrfwo UJHr.
Ikk.( 0ffl««, «n MAJUJEI BTRZET m4 gACBAUXO riRRI. .Referee Edmund F. Russ; starter. Dr. E. T.
Mervy; clerk of the course. George E. Dlxon;
Judges— Henry L. Day, H. H. Karney, Mathey.
Muller and Delaney; scorers — J. E. Bolger, G.
Standberger. E. O. Kragness, Bush and Buhart:
timers — George P. Wetmore, Captain Frank
Smith. Joseph A. Desimone, F. .Boeckman,
Richard Plumondon. J. Sampson and Whalen;
marshal, Louis Bannon.
The officials -were:
The. Garden City's greatest loss was in
the group where they were represented
by M. Grey. He was beaten exactly 4
minutes by F..Pearne of the Bay Cltys,
who rode in 26:16, the second fastest time
of th«» race.
The contest was singularly free from
accidents, Robert Varney being the only
rider reported injured, and he not seri
ously.
The Maltese cross of the Bay City
Wheelmen was carried to victory yester
day by the club's reiay riders in the lirst
competition for the Eidredge cup.
The race was ridden over the far famed
San Leandro triangle, the scene of many
sensational contests between the giants
of the wfteel. The contest was nadeu un
oer novel conditions. - i?'ive clubs entered
ten* riders each. These were uivided into
ten groups, which were started live min
utes apart. Each rider traveled ten miles.
'i he aggregate time of the Bay City
Wheelmen's team for the hundred miles
was 4 nours 34, minutes 54 4-5 seconds. U lie.
record in the annual reiay race, which Is
nuuen straightaway over, give and take
roaas, is 4 nours 42 minutes and 30 sec
onds. . '¦•„..„
'l he Garden City Wheelmen finished
second in 4:38:03 3-5; Oakland Wheelmen
third in 4:3S:10 1-5; California Cycling
Club fourth. 4:40:09 3-5. and San Francisco
Wheelmen fifth, 4:44:013-5. \
The surprise of the day was the show
ing made by f the Oakland Wheelmen.
They finished only 4 3-5 seconds behind
the crack Garden City team.
Burton Downing of San Jose rode the
fastest ten miles, covering the distance in
25 minutes 59 seconds. His brother, Lace
Downing, required 31 minutes 50 seconds
to cover the course. The second group, of
which he was a member, took an aver
age of 2 minutes more than any other
riders. %
Defeat Garden City Wheel
men in a Most Decisive
Manner.
Bay City Wheelmen "Win
the Big Road Race
Cleverly.
Spectators at Recreation Park Fail to See «Dowling's
Interference With a Thrown Bali.
ered first :base in perfect style. Score:
S MORNING GAME. '
' LOS ANGELES.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A.' E.
Toman, ss ..-8 1 0 0 -3 0 0
Hannivan, If.: 4 12 0 10 0
Householder, cf 4 ' 0 - 1 0 '0 . 0; 0
Raymer, "2b..... 3 '0 • 0 0 '2 V 4 • 0
Rellly, 3b........... 2-0 0 A 0 0 3 0
Anderson. ' lb. 2. 1 '0 0 10 0 0
"V\ r addell. p...... 3 0 1 0' 1 8 0
Slagle. rf...... 3-0 0 0 1 1 0
Roach, c. 8 ' 0 -. 1 0 9 0. 0
totals ;...:. ;...27 3! 5 0 27 11 0
. SAN. FRANCISCO.
VAB. R.'BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, If 4.0 1 0 1—0 0
Bone, rf... 4 0 1 0 0 0 O
Lawler, cf .' ...'.. 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Nordyke, lb .....3,0 1 0 8 1 0
Holly ss.. 3 0 1 0 1. 0 1
Shugart. 3b : 3 0 0 0 2 3 0
Leahy, c... ..3 0 0 0 6 10
Brlgeno.'2b> 3 0 0 0 2 4 0
Kane, p...' 3 0 0 11 0
Totals 30 . 0 4 0 2T 10 .1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles.. 1 0 1 0 0 0-1 O x — 3
Base hits >.'.2 0 100020 x — 5
San Francisco..... 0 0 0 0 0' 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits. ..0000 1 1 1 1 0—4
SUMMARY.
Runs • responsible - for — Kane 2. Two-base
MALTESE CROSS
AGAIN IN FRONT
UMPIRE O'CONNELL'S DECISION
NEARLY PRECIPITATES A RIOT
Ed. Wastie .of San Jose tried for the
ten-mile road record during the after
noon, but failed. He covered the distance
in 23 minutes'cO- seconds. .
SANTA ROSA, April 27.— In honor of
the fiftieth anniversary of the wedded life
of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. • Ellis they were
guests of tho local grange Saturday aft
ernoon. They have resided in Santa Rosa
since* 1S55, and are charter members of
the organization which assembled to do
them honor. They were presented with
a gold-lined berry bowl and silver spoon
on behalf of the organization by Squire
Coulter, and afterward were entertained
at a banquet in Fraternity Hall,
Grange Tenders Them Honors.
As well as your dress skirt by using S.
H. & M. bias velveteen on the skirt
edge. S. H. & M. is stamped on the back
of every yard. . ; ¦ •
Protect Your Shoes
PARIS. April 27.— W. K. Vanderbllt's
Nettie, Buchanan up. got second place in
the contest for the Prix de Saint James
at Longchamp to-day.
Vanderbilt's Mare Second.
Friday. May 9. will be Eagles' day at the
Bakersfield Street Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will be sold at Santa Fe offlcce, 6*41 Market Bt.,
at one fare for the round trip for all . trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquin Valley
and the Kern County Oil Fields. {
Eagles' Day at the Bakersfleld Fair.
Pistol — Silver medal. O. Feudner 88. 82. 83.
R4. K5. Handicap — G. Tainmeyer 77: J. E
Gorman 9S, 90, 91. 93. 94 ; O. Feudner 88, 88 86
«.K). 1)5. Revolver — Silver medal. J. W. To'mp
kins 82, 75. 77. 73. 81. 84. . Gold medal — L
C. Hlnkel 86, 80. SR. 91. 84. 81: J. R. TrejfO
*•*». Handicap — P. A. Becker 90. 84. 85. 88.
78; J. W. Tompklns 75, J. Kullmann 74, W.
F. Blasee 7^
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rifle,' handicap — W. F. Blasge
202. 205: M. F. Blasse 209. 209. 213. 207. Gold
medal— H. Kinkel 220, 215. 215. 205. 214, 200
199. Silver medal — F. J. Klatzel 154. 149. 142;'
O. Bremer 225. Glindermann trophy — W. F
Blasse 214. M. F. Blasse 223.
Red Men's. Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullneye shoot — Captain Slebe'B medal, H.
Schnlz 350. Captain Grleb 402. J. Btelner 420
P. H. Rulffe 804. C. Oldag 895.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, William Dress
ier 362: first class, H. Soehlmann 32S; second
class, Herman Schult 341; third class, John
Steiner 270;. fourth class, Henry Schulz 293;
best first Ehot. P. H. Rulffs 24; best last shot,
IX Tamke 24.
Norddeutscher Schuetaen Club, monthly
medal shoot — First champion class, F. P.
Schuster 422; second champion class, H. Huber
41»; first class, D. Salfleld 413; second class,
William Doell 382; third class. O. von Borstel
341; fourth clars. August F. Meyer 316; best
first ehot, D. Sal field 23; best last shot, F. P.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly ' competi
tion shoot— F. E. Mason 72. D. B. Faktor 70.
F. Brandt t*. N. Ahrens C7. Ten-shot trophy
contest — F E. Mason 221. F. P. Schuster 214.
D. B. Faktor 212. H. Huber 21O.-
Deutscher Krieger Verein, monthly medal
shoot — First champion class, George Hetzel
3$1; champion class. O. Dammer 372: firrt
class, John Bender 365; second class.- X. Sil
beTzahn 3C2; third clasS? Charles Meyer 319;
fourth class, A. Stoll 29:t; first best shot. John
Bender 23; last best shot, X. Sllberzahn 25;
most centers, X. Sllberzahn.
Deutscher Krieger Verein. monthly bull.«eye
shoot, prizes were won in the following order:
O. \Veggenmfinn. O. Dammer, F. Kaiser. X.
Silberzahn, A. Stoll. "George Hetzel.
Company A. First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — Captain
G. T. lis.lllnger 42, Harry l-'ord 41, Thomad
Lind. 33. O. rtelk a2. J. J. Hardie 32. corpo
ral J. g! H. Stahl 2u. John Mllsner 20. C. U,
gmyth 1!>. A. Ulpnian IS. W. Herbst 21. U
Neubauer 7. H. E. ghreve 5. M. Orovers 13. A.
Lavrence 12. O. Lieb ii». Corporal V. . 11.
Brown Z.I, J.1- J. Duffy 33. Sergeant J. Rellly
"0 W Deaty 4. Corporal K. Dougherty 28.
Company C. First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot—Lieuten
ant Corcoran 29. Serseant K. W. Redell 3%.
Gecrge l'aul 20, F. Lingge 32. J. Cohn Jti. Vv.
Khrenfojd 22, H. Lemetyer 31. J. Uvr-l. <j.
H. Kevden 41. O. J. Carroll la. C. Oohrman ».
Company E. First lnfautrj'. National t^uard
of California, monthly inedil shoot— Lu A. £..
Stodolski 2». George V. Heck 29 T. J. Hurley
3t> T. Grocan 44. A. Marlow 40. F. Tully 40,
I-.' Brown 2:*, F. Hasbrouck 29.
Comi)any -G, First Infantry. National Guard
or California, monthly medal ehoot— <?aptatn
William Wall 42. Lieutenant T. Neubert 4-,
Jan^es Dolan 4U, Edward Dolan »j. Corporal
Johnson 40. M. J. Lyons 45. Ueutenant Gra
ham 3G. H. Tuggy 32. Sergeant Owens jti.
Sergeant Noyes 42. Corporal Ames oJ. Harry
ppeilman 3B. ConoraJ Southerland 3-i. Frank
O^Neil 32. D. OUonnell 39. Kobert Steadman
SS. William Seaman 40.
Company H. First Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal » h r 00 . t^ er 8eai.t
J. L. Switt 40. S. Tobin 35. F. McArdle 39. O.
Stowe 31. H. Caesens 32. J. Kelly 10 H. Osuna
7. A. Kobrecht Si. George Priest 24 Thomaa
Priest 18. H. Huntingr 30. Corporal George
Hlrslnger IS. J. Guerrero 20.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. montnlj
bullscye shoot— F. Rust 1S8. H. Huber 210, F.
P Schuster 280 F. Gooss 326. F. Pape 39 <. A.
Bertelsen 43$. D. D. Faktor 556. N. Ahrens
f.78 H. Zecher COS. S. IMno 6Si). J. Utschlg
72 \\ A. Jungblut 790. R. Stettin 829. J. Dewit
8G0 G. H. Bahrs 869, p. Dunker 1038. F.
Brandt m39. K. Wertheimer 1071, W. Garms
1C82. A. Pape 1230.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye
shoot — John Utschig 474. W. Goetze 49S. O.
Bremer 542 N Ahrens 642. A. Jungblut 711.
G. Bahrs 742 F. E. Mason 702, J. Beuttler 850.
"U illlam Docll 920.
The shooting at Shell Mound yesterday
•was conducted under the greatest diffi
culties on account of the heavy wind
which swept the ranges throughout the
whole of the afternoon. An unusually
large number of organizations were pres
ent for tneir regular medal shoots, and
while the scores on the wnole were con
siderably below the average, the contests
were, for the most part, close and excit
ing.
Those present were the Germania
Schuetzen Club. San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein, Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club,
Deutscher Kxieger Verein, Norddeutscher
fcchuetzen Club, Red Aien's tichuetzen
Company and Companies A. C. E, Uano
H, First Iniantry. National Guard o£ Cali
fornia. The day's scores follow:
Eleven Organizations Hold
Contests.
Interesting Medal
Sh«ll Mound Scores Are
Lower Than the
. Average.
WIND TROUBLES
THE MARKSMEN
SPORT5 AND PASTIMES LURE THOUSANDS INTO THE OPEN AIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
: First race— Algareta, Aunt Mary,
Amasa. j . .-..,' .'. ¦
Second race— Ishtar, Parizade, Cas
.Pie'iW/^i '¦ "~ ! "~ '
¦"' Third ¦ race — Lizzie Bice, ; Estoy I*is •
to," Nigrette^ .'
,. : Fourth - race r — Princess . v Titania,
Wolhurst, Antolee. -
Fifth race — Divina, Meehanus,
Flush of ? Gold. :
:^ Sixth -race-^Matin \ Bell, Maraschi
no, Frank Woods. •
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
1 Los "Angeles 'took: the afternoon, game
by brilliant -base' running, 'such as had
not been seen before on the local grounds.
They took long . chances, but . luck ' fa
vored them throughout. - McPartlln pitch
ed in .his usual good form, ¦ and managed
to ; get " out -. of some tight : places by using
good Judgment. Toman and Reilly made
particularly brilliant plays: Waddell cov-
-LOS ANGELES/ April 27.— Los 'Angeles'
made it three out of five by winning both
the i morning and ¦ the j afternoon - games
to-day from San Francisco. .In 1 the rfore
noon Rube Waddell- kept his promise as
to what he would do to 'Harris' men,, and
shut them out . with four, scratch in-field
hits. r - His- pitching :was the, best > exhibit,
tlon seen .here.' this- season. '• Seven of
the visitors fanned the . atmosphere : in
three ; Innings. Kane pitched good ball,
but .was hit when < hits counted. : ' • ¦
South.
Shuts Out Uncle Henry's Men in the
V/ADDELL KEEPS HIS WOBB.
A large crowd was on hand at the Cal
ifornia Club courts yesterday, and some
good matches were played. Collier and
Crowell played a five-set match, in which
the latter, after ¦. losing the first two stts,
won the next three. The score was 3-6,
4-6, l 7-5, • 6-3, .'¦; 6-4. Following are the
other. matches played:' Grant Smith and
Merle Johnson • tied, . 4-6,' 9-7; Dally beat
A. A. Moore, 6-1, 6-2, 6-0; Clyde Beal -beat
Al Kenyon, 6-0, 3-6, 6-4. 11-9 ; • J; > G. Gib
son Sr. beat J. G: •; Gibson Jr.,- 6-4,' 7-5,
6-3, 8-6; H. A. Punnett and Smith O'Brien
tied, 4-6, 8-6; James McKenzie and Dr
Lane. tied, 6-4, 4-6; A. Worthington beat
Daily, 4-1; Daily, beat Gus Sutro,~ 6-4,' 7-5;
MacKenzie and ' Sutro tied, 6-6; Collier
and Frank Mitchell tied, -6-3, 0-6, 7-5. 0-6.
First class, preliminary round— W. D. Geary
beat T. W. Tetfey. 6-2. 6-1; G. K. Bates won
from C. P. Wajfner by default. First round —
H. E. Routh beat; James A. Code. 6-0, 6-2; W.
D. Geary beat <G t .K. Bate,?. 6-6, 6-3, -6-1; Will
Allen beat W. B. Lee, 6-3. 6-2; Charles Dunlap
beat L. R. Thlerbauld, 6;4, 6-3. Semi-final
round — Routh and Geary : set all, . to * be fin
ished next Sunday; Allen beat Dunlap, . 6-3,' 6-3.
Second class, preliminary round-^-G. A." Cum
mings beat H. Baer, 6-1, 6-1;, Kenneth Marr
beat Meyer- Edwards by default; G. Eacret
beat H. A. Turner,' 6-2, 6-1: C. Griffin beat
W. L Webster." 6-1, 6-3; E. Miller beat E. H.
Clear by default;' W.F.-Stapff beat E. F.
Lellich, 5-6. 6-2, 6-2; D. W.;Kamp beat J. M.
Baker. 6-2. C-l; ,M. C. Campbell beat L. C.
Bozart. 6-2, 0-1; G. James beat R. AV. Turner,
6-1, 0-1; L. W. Kaiser beat A: Bey fuss, £-6,
6-3. 6-2; Ed Finnlgan beat J. L Smith,' 0^4.
6-0: T. P. Blacks beat W.. A.' Twiggs, 0-3, 6-4;
J. F. Brady, beat J. B. Adams, 2-6, 6-4, 6-3;
A. MacFarland beat W. McKenna, -6-4 6-3;
C. Coleman beat B. MacFarland, 6-3, 6-0; Gould
Reading beat O.- F. ¦ Osborne, . 6-0. 6-1. . First
round — IC Marr beat Cummlhgs, 6-3, 6-3; Grif
fin beat Eacret,. 6-0, 6-3; Stapff beat Miller,
6-3, 6-5; Campbell beat Kamp, 0-1, 2-6. 6-3;
James beat Kaiser, 6-2, 4-6. 6-5; Flnnlgan bent
Black. G-2. 6-3; Brady beat MacFarland, 6-3.
«J-3; Reading beat Coleman by default. .'
The largest tennis tournament ever
held in the; city, was ; commenced . yester
day on the public courts in Golden Gate
Park. It was a class .'Singles event for
silver challenge cups, to be won three
times. The . players were divided into
two classes, ten going into the first and
thirty-two into. the second class. In the
first class Will 'Allen,; winner -of the last
tournament, reached . the finals, and
play the winner of 'the Routh-Geary
match next Sunday. The latter • played
two sets, each player getting' one-,, when
Geary was unable to Droceed, and tfie
match was postponed. . The xdefeat of
Charles Dunlap at the hands of Allen "was
a surprise. :'. ; , .-.:'. - .
Following is, a- summary, of the tourna
ment as far as. completed: :/ '
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; selling
three-year-olds "and upward. '
(3639)Matin Bell.... 86 3652 El Mido . 110
(3848)Compass .....104 3574 Galanthus .I.!lO3
3622 McNamara ...110 (3653)Matilda O 101
3642 Marineuae ... 103 3641 Ping.... "*107
1 3656 Elfonse 10» 3646 Maraschino ' " * 88
3642 Gawalne .....100 3C28 Decoy "107
. 3635 First Shot 107 3646 Expedient 'lio
3609 Tony Lepplng.103 ,3652 Frank Woods. 110
Fifth race — Seven furlongs, the Fieldwick
handicap; three-year-olds and upward. • .
(3617)SolInus 100 3*525 Byron Rose 104
,3621 Hagerdon ... .110 (3542)EscaIante . 97
' 3644 Meehanus 10« 3C50 Flush of Gold 107
3644 Dlvina 105 .'
•Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth- sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward.
(3656)Wolhurst : . . : .110 3664 Limelight . 110
3664 Redwald .....110 3664 Rio Shannon. !ll3
3664 Antolee ..... .104 3650 Prin. Titania..lO4
Second race — Five furlongs; selling: three
year-old fillies. ¦ i ¦ . . ¦¦¦¦¦
8636 Esternell. 110 1 3576 Torso Maid 110
3636 Knocklngs ...110 3636 Sterl. Towers.110
3653 Jennie HughesllOl 3649 Isfctar 110
3636 Cathello .110 ' 3649 Halmetta ... .110
3653 Swiftllght ....110 3636 WInnecook .. 110
3630 Nonie ........ 110 .... Miss Mateo ..110
3624 Cassie W ....110 3557 Victoria S....110
3570 Parizade .....110
Third race— Four and a half furlongs; selling
two-year-olds. - •
3635* Lizzie Rice . . .107 3637 Montezuma 110
3504 Toto Grattot.. 110 3594 Estoy L!sto..!llO
3655 Gulda . . . .". . . .107 3655 MI Relna . . 107
3C60Clarinette ....107 3643 The Owl . 110
\ 3566 Nigrette 107 V" llu
The entries for this afternoon's events
at Oakland track are as follows: .
First- race — Futurity course; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
3478 Bogus Bill :..111( S376 Algareta .....109
3641 Road Agent.. .108 3167 Mrs. C 109
3623 Nellie Holton.10!) 3653 Cath. Bravo 100
3641 Sailor ;....... 108 3641 Haralamb ....108
3*508 Slap Dash 108 3641 La Borgia.... 109
3269 Heraldo Ill 3583 Aunt Mary. ..109
3319 Spry Lark ...10i> 3651 Amasa m
3623 B. Bohmansonl08' .
Oakland Track Entries.
TENNIS EXPERTS
ON PARK COURTS
The morning game over the water was
witnessed by fully 2000 people. It was a
slaughtering affair, with Dr. Moskiman
in the role of the innocent lamb. The
Senators cinched the contest in the open
ing rond by landing on the medical man
for five hits, including three two-cushion
swipes and a forced run by a base on
balls, netting in all seven runs. After this
thd "Doc" became disgusted, and in the
eighth 'Fisher's" men made four more.
Moskiman was badly unnerved, and gave
a poor exhibition of the pitcher's art.
Thomas twirled in great style, allow
ing but seven hits in all. He was cool
and steady, and kept the home team con
tinually guessing. The Oakland rooters
became disgusted with their favorites,
and cheered the Senators to victory. The
score: " ¦ ' ' , * '
OAKLAND.
' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
¦Walters, cf. .......:. 4 0 1 0 0" 0 0
Mohler, 2b.... 2 0 0 0 3 4 1
Streib,- lb... 4 ' 1 1 0 10 0 0
McCreedle, rf. 4 12 1 2 0 0
Devereaux, 3b. 4 0 10 2 3 0
Dunleavy, If....:.... 4 0 10 3 1 «
Francks, ss 4 0 10, 3 4 0
Gorton, c....: 4 -0.'. 0 .. 0 . 4, 0 ¦ 0
Moskiman, p..... .....4 , 0 0 0 J) Jl
Totals'....... .....34 2 .7 ; 1 27 .14;' 4
. ; '. SACRAMENTO. >
• ' . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. 3b.. ...5 0 2.0 1 00
Doyle, 2b.... 5 1. 10-0 4 0
Eagan, ss..... 5 1 1 0 3 5 0
Rebsamen. cf 5-2. 3 .1 -5 0 0
Birmingham, lb 4 1 1,-0 13 0 0
Frary. rf.\... ....... 5 1 2 110 0
Graham.ic 3,2 2: 1 1 . .0 0
Wagner, If 3 2 10 3 0 1
Thomas, p: ....4 .2. 1 0 0 '.5 0
I! Totals .80 . 12 14 ' 3 '27 \ 14 , 1
HITS AND RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ..... 7 0 ' 0 "0 1 "0 0 4 0—12
Base hits 5 0 0.0 201.4, 2—14
Oakland... 0*0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits ..... 1 101040 0 0 — ' 7
• ¦ SUMMARY.' V ; , ••¦VV-' ; ;
Three-base hit— Rebsamen. Two-ba«e hits —
Doyle, ••• Eagan, Sheehan (2), McCreedie, Dun
leavy, . Streib. Sacrifice hit — Wagner. First
base on errors — Oakland. 1, Sacramento 2. First
base . on called balls — Off .Thomas 2, off Moski
man 4. Left on bases — Oakland 7, Sacramento
C-. Struck out — By Moskiman 2. by Thomas 1J
Hit. by pitcher — Graham.. Double plays — Doyle
to Eagan to Birmingham, Mohler to Streib,
Francks to Mohler to Streib, Dunleavy to Gor
ton.. Balk — Moskiman. Time of game — 1 hour
50 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell. Official Scor
er—H. R. McFarlane. _» .
M0SKIMAN" IS HABD HIT.
V AB: R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f... 3 ,1. 2.0,00. 0
llohler, -2b ."..3" 0- 0 0 2 7; 0
Streib, lb 4 0 1 0 15 0*0
McCreedle, r. f...... 4 0 3-1.0 0' 0
Devereaux, 3b....... 3 0 1 0 1 2" 1
.Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 0 0.2 0 0
Francks. s. S......./3 1' 1 1 3" 8' 0
Gorton,' c .'.... 4 11 0 4 1 .;. ; 0
Schmidt, p........... 3 1 1 0 0 il! 0
' Totals ...;..' .31 4 ~" 10 2 27 19 1 fl
SACRAMENTO. ;¦/,.;,;
AB." R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Sheehan, 3b. .... . . ... • S 0 .1 0 1 3 ; 0
Doyle, 2b 4 0 0...0 3 - 5 0
Kagan, s. s . .4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Rebsamen, . c. f ..".... 3 0 0 * 0 ' 0 " 0 " 0
Birmingham, lb.::.. 4 0" 1 0 11 .1 y j
Frary.r. f.... ...... 2 0.1 0 0 00
Graham,' c 3 1 0 0 4 1 0
Wagner,. 1. f..\. 2 2 1 0:20,0
Dowling, p .....3 0 2 0 1 2-0
Totals ........ . . .28 3 6 .0 *24 ,12 1
RUNS AND" HITS, BY, INNINGS. '
Sacramento 0 01- 0- 1 0 : 0 '0 "1— 3
Base hits...... 0^0.1 2' 1 -0 , 0 0 • 2-^- 6'
Oakland "... 1 . 2 0' 1 0". 0 0 . 0 x — 4
Base hits 3 3.1 1 ;.. 1 ' 0 "- 1 0 ; x— 10
SUMMARY. '
Two-baae hit— Schmidt. '" Sacrifice" hits— Moh-
Mike Fisher ran wildly to the scorer's
stand and protested the game. Mike was
intensely excited, and could - give 'no
grounds for his prqtest.' ;When- seen
later he said he would protest on i the
ground that Dowling did not interfere
with Francks; but added that he sup
posed he would have to stand for the lost
game. ' ... • . ..v, ¦, ' '
The grounds were packed, between 7000
and 8000 spectators viewing the struggle.
Most of those present .did not-under
stand the final decision, and swarmed
out on the field, some cheering and oth
ers hooting. There could be no question
as to the Justness of O'Connell's decision,
as Dowling plainly .went out .of . his way
to balk the throw.
Thef game was an ideal one, abounding
in hard hitting, fast ! fielding and clever
base running. It really, possessed every
thing that- goes " to make baseball' a
worthy sport. , Oakland landed hard on
Dowling ' throughout, : while Schmidt was
a puzzle in all but -two innings. Little
Mohler was again the brightest star- in
the field, S while big. McCreedle had the
batting- honors to himself, with three hits
out of four trips to bat. .<
Oakland scored a run in the first! two
in the second and one in the fourth round.
This was all j accomplished ( by landing
good 'and hard on DowUng. Errors played
no part whatever in the annexing . of
tallies. Fisher's giants completed the
rounds in the third, ; fifth and ninth,
Graham and Wagner being the run get
ters. Schmidt's liberality in distributing
passes had something to "do with this,
but ' he was also hit some when hits
meant runs. The score: , ,, ¦ .' ¦
• / OAKLAND.- ' ' '- ¦
OAKLAND and Sacramento broke
even on the baseball field yester
day, but the series went to the
men' from across the bay, ~ they
capturing three out of five games.
The c6ntest across the bay. was a pro
cession of Senators over the home plate,
while the game at Recreation -Park was
brilliant and fast, going to Ewing's stick
ers to the quickstep music of 4 to 3.
The ending was unsatisfactory to the
Senatorial followers, but nevertheless it
was justly the Oakland team's victory.
With one out in the first half of the
ninth inning, two on the bases and the
score 4 to 3 in Oakland's favor, Sheehan
hit an easy grounder to .Mohler, who
threw to FrancKs. ana he retired Dow
ling, who was running from second.
Francks was in the act of slamming the
sphere ta Streib to get Sheehan and com
plete a double play, when Dowling delib
erately interfered with the throw, which
went over Streib's head. Wagner, -who
was at second, scored, but' Umpire O'Con
nell, who was closely watching the play,
called Sheehan out, giving Oakland the
credit of the double play and the game—
4 to 3.
ler. Schmidt. Sheehan, Walters. First base on
errors — Oakland 1. Sacramento 1. First base
on called balls— Off Schmidt 5. off Dowllng
2 Left on bases— Oakland 8. Sacramento 6.
Struck out— By Schmidt 3. Hit by pitcher-
Wagner: Double plays — Francks to Mohler to
Streib; Mohler to Francks to Strelb. Time of
game — 1:35. Umpire — O'Connell. Official
scorer — Harry Cashman. .
1 Eighth pool event, six-bird race. Scores : ¦
Nauman ...'.." 2-22 2-2 1 6
Donohoe.. :. 2 2.1 1 2 1 — 6
Derby 2 11 0"2 2—5
McConnell 2 10 2 12—5
Hutton ................. ...2 12 2 0 1—5
Naumnn ...".2 2 2 2 2 1 6
Donohoe ' ......;...... .2 2112 1 6
Derby ."...."........". .2 110 2 2 5
McConnell .....".'. ..........2 1122 2 8
Jackson . .../7.V.. ...22 221 0—6
Hutton ..%.. 2 1' 0 2 0 2 1
Jensen ....................2 0 0.0 2 2 — 3
Seventh pool event, , six-bird race. Scores'-
Sixth'pool event, six-bird race. Scores: V, '
Navman '. 2 2 2 11 1 6
Donohoe 2 1.1 11 i_6
Derby 1 2 2 10 2 — 0
McConnell ;2 1 1 2 2 2 «
Jackson .................. ..2 2 . 2. 2 1 - 0^-5
Hutton ....2 10 2 0 2 1
Jensen ....................2 0 0 0 2 2 — 3
Fifth pool event, twelve-bird race. Score:
Jackson 2 0 21 2 2 1 2 0 1 2 2 — 10
Naumann .....12212012112 2 — 11
McConnell .\ • 1212112201 2—10
Donohoe....: 1 2210112221 2—11
Derby 2 111221211 2 2— 12
Hutton .....11 112 0 0 12 10 2—9
Creyk ....* 2 2222222020 2—10
Special event,- doubles, three, pairs to each
man. ScoreB: _. -
Donohoe • 2 2 2
McConnell 2 1 1
Haight •• 0 1 0
Nauman..... 2 1 1
Sweeney 2 2 2
' Fourth pool event, six bird race. Scores:
Nauman 2 2 2 2 2 1—6
Donohoe 1 2 1 1 1 i__ «
Derby ••• 2 1 10 2 2— S
McConnell .............' 2 1 1 1 2 0 — 5
Hutton '........ *..... 1 1 • 2 11— 6
Haight ¦" 2 2 2 112—6
Sweeney 2 1 2 2 1 2 — 6
Jackson • 1 1 2 11 1- 6
• ; ... v. — — ; - ¦ ," . . , :
¦ Second pool event, six bird race. Scores:
Nauman •• 2 2 12 2 2—6
Jackson 12 2 2 12—6
Creyk ; 0 2 2 0 2 2—4
Donohoe 111111—6
Haight ... ••• •• 2 2 2 2 0 2-5
Jensen ' • • 0 12 0 0 1—3
McConnell 2 112 2 2—6
Hutton • 10 0 0 11—3
- First pool event, six bird race. Scores:
Jackson 12 112 2—6
McConnell 1112 11—0
Donohoe ..'...: £ii£2 1— 6
Jensen 2 0 0 2 2 0— 3
Creyk • ....2 02 2 2 2-5
Hutton 1 0 2 1 2 2— 5
-Nauman •• 1 12 2 2 2 — 6
Derby 12 0 2 2 0 — 4
Second event, twelve bird pool shoot. Scores:
Jackson 22112 12 2222 2—12
Halght -. 22112202121 2—11
W J Golcher 110 1112 0— WIthdra'n
Nauman 10111112122 0—10
Sonohoe 2 2 2221212 110-11
~ Probably on no \ occasion during the
present season at the Ingleslde live bird
traps have the trap shooters~inore enjoy
ed the sport than they did yesterday at
the club shoot of the Golden Gate Club.
Although there was not an exceptionally
large attendance, all the contests were
marked with considerable interest and ex
citement. The birds furnished by the
club were all strong and speedy flyers
and most of them were of a dark color
and made very difficult targets.
After the club shoot had been conclud
ed the shooters spent several hours in
shooting off six-bird pool races. In these
contests some very fine marksmanship
was displayed. In the fourth pool event.
In which there were eight entries with six
birds to each man, but three out of the
forty-eight birds were missed, and one of
these were prouounced dead out of
bounds. "K
Club shoot, fifteen birds to each man. Score:
Nauman 20111112120111 1—13
Haight 01222020111022 1—11
Jackson 22111212112212 1—15
Foster 10 2 1111111112 1 1—14
Golcher 21011220212222 1—13
Sweeney ....200102210001112—9
Horton 12100120222211 0—11
Siade 12122122110121 1—14
Donohoe 20222221112 211 0—13
Murdock .... 2022 2,2 2 1112 2 1 l.O— IS
Shields 21102011110 0.1 1*2—11
Wands 0110200101011. 12-^0
Derby 11111111121211 2—15
AB. R. BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Toman, es 4 2 2 1 0 31
Hannivan. It .2 To 10 6 10
Householder, cf 4 0 1 1 3 0 0
Raymer. 2b .310 0 3t 2 : 1
Rellly. 3b 3 2 2 0 361
Waddell, lb 3 0 1 0 9 - 0_ .0
Slagle, rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Roach, c 4 11 13 0 0
McPartlln, p 30 1 0 0 1 0
Totals .30 6 9 3 27 13 3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If 4 1 1 1 4 0 0
Bone, rf..: 41 1 0 21 1
Lawler. cf 4 01 0 2 0 1
Nordyke, lb 4 0 1 0 11 1 0
Holly, ss ...4 0 1 0 2 2 1
Shvgart. 3b 3 0 0 0 1 4 0
Leahy, c 4 0 1 1 0 0 0
Briseno. 2b 40 0 0 1 11
Whalen. p 3 00 0 1 4 1
Totals.. ....34 2 6 2 24 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles ......0 112 0 0 11 x— 6
.Base hits 1 1 2 2 1 1 0 1 x— 9
San Francisco 0 0 10 10 0 0 0 — 2
-Base hits 0 1. 1.2»1 0 0 1 0 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Whalen I 3. Two-base
hits — Toman, Rellly, Householder, Leahy and
Lawler. Sacrifice hits — Hannivan 2, Rellly,
Waddell and Shugart. First base on errors —
Los Angeles 3. San Francisco 3. First base
on called balls — Off Whalen 1. Left on bases —
Los Angeles 5. San -Francisco 6. • Struck out
By McPartlin 2. Double play — Brlseno to Holly.
Time of game — One hour . and forty • minutes.
Umpire — McDonald. - /
AFTEBN00N GAME.
LOS ANGELES.
hlt-MHannivan. Sacrifice hits— Holly. First
base on called balls— Off Waddell 1, off Kane 3.
Left on bases — Los Angeles 3, San Francisco 0.
Struck out — By. Waddell ?. by Kane 3. Double
play — Brlseno to Holly.' "Passed balls — Leahy.
Wild pitch— -Kan«. -.Time of game — 1:35. Um
pire — McDonald. -.";- j ¦*¦¦•'' ~ -'¦'« - -'• ' ' • —
WHEELING, W. Va.. April 27.— Tha
climax In the labor controversy between
President Shaffer and President Gompers
is expected to be reached to-morrow or
Tuesday on the floor of the Amalgamated
Association Convention. T. H. F*lynn. na
tional organizer of the Federation of La
bor, expected to ask the privilege of tha
floor to answer charges said to have been
made, by Shaffer against Gompers, and
Gompers, it is believed, will be present in
person and demand the same privilege.
At Monday's session of the convention
the . several standing committees will
make their reports, most important of
which will be that of the wage scale com
mittee. Both majority and minority re
ports will be presented. The majority
will recommend the ratification of the
schedules negotiated by Shaffer and his
cabinet with constituents of the United
States Steel Corporation. '»--'
EXPECT LTVTELY TIMES;.-.:,
AT LABOB CONVEKTXO2T
BASEBALL PLAYERS WHO
WERE SEEN IN ACTION YES
TERDAY.
EXCITING SPORT
FOR TRAP SHOTS
Alameda Kennels' fast young courser
Merrimac captured first honors in the
sixty-four-dog open stake yesterday at
Union Coursing Park, beating J. L. Ros3*
Fontenoy In the deciding course.
The stake was productive of but few
sensational features. Form players were
in their glory, as throughout the entire
day's running the flag was raised but
eight times against the judgment of the
wise bettors. - ...
Following are the day's results,, with
Judge John Grace's offlclal scores:
Open stake, first . round— Pasha Kennels'
Rocker beat J. H. Bishop's Arsyle, 5-2; Sterl
& Knowles' Cold Shivers beat K. Geary's Little
Jim, 6-4; J. L. Ross* Fontenoy beat J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen, e-2; J. Moriarity*s Kittle
man beat A. McLeod's Royal Friend, 6-3; A.
R. Curtis' Old Ironsides beat Pasha Kennels
Regal Attire, 8-5; F. Jones' Tyrone Prince beat
Kelly & Hanley'a .Lusmagh Lass, 5-0: J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells beat B. Silva's Master
Rocket, 2-0; Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop beat J.
Kelly's Governor Mac. 6-1; A. Vanderwhite s
Lear King beat J. Vinal's Little Fullerton, 8-3;
P. Scott's Half Moon beat M. B. Kavanaugh a
May Be Kind, 3-2; H. H. Gray's Rona beat E.
Geary's Fair Oaks. 7-2; E. Geary's Fenll beal
J. W. Fahe/s October Lad. 8-2; T. Maher s
Bad Boy beat H. Pechner's Kearsage, 8-2; J.H.
Badt's Lovlna beat E. Geary's Minnie Sankey,
6-2; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat J. Morlarity*s
Snapper Garrison, 3-0: J. L. Ross' Game Boy
beat George Sharman's Little Sister, 4-2; E.
Geary'* Ireland beat J. Sheridan's Tim Murphy.
4-3; T. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy beat C. O. Peter
son's Haphazard. 0-4; P. Mnllarkey*s Mamie
Pleasant beat P. J. Reilly's Honesty. 2-0; W.
Johnson's Articulate beat J. McNeil's Black
Hawk, 4-0; George Sharman's Sir Pasha beat
Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer, 6-1: A. R. Cur
tis" Anchor beat F. Rosenberger's My Nell, 5-0;
Alameda Kennels' Melrose Lad beat A. Vander
white' s Flora McDonald, 6-4; F. Jones' Wedge
wood beat E. Reddy*s Full Moon. 3-2: A. R.
Curtis' Fly by Night beat F. Rosenberger' s
Lady Chiqulta. 7-5; J. L. Ross' Herschel's Pride
beat A. W. Jones' Dexter B, 5-0; F. Darling's
Gambit beat T. Burke's Sotoyome, 14-10; Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist beat J. Tracey's Master
Glenwood, 18-3; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat beat
Sterl & Knowles' Ollta, 3-1: Alameda Kennels'
Lilac beat W. Cairnes" Melrose, 3-2; Alameda
Kennels' Merrimac beat X. J. Cronin's Vandal,
4-0- Alameda Kennels' A. J. Martin beat T.
Burke's Lottie W. 23-12.
Second round — Cold Shivers beat Rocker. 3-2;
Fontenoy beat Klttleman, 4-1; Old Ironsides
beat Tyrone Prince. 4-0; Jingle Bells beat Dew
drop. 4-2: Lear King beat Half Moon, 4-0;
Rona beat Fenil, 4-2; Lovina beat Bad Boy,
2-0; Game Boy beat Delia M. 4-0; Ireland beat
Tralee Boy, 3-0; Articulate beat Mamie Pleas
ant, 4-2; Anchor beat Sir Pasha, -6-5: Melrose
Lad beat Wedgewood, 4-3; Herschel's Pride
beat Fly by Night, 6-4; Rural Artist, a bye;
White Hat beat Lilac. 7-3; Merrimac beat
Gambit. 9-4..
Third round — Fontenoy beat Cold Shivers,
5-1; Old Ironsides beat Jingle Bells. 14-7: Rona
beat Lear King, 3-2; Game Boy beat Lovlna.
3-2: Ireland beat Articulate. 7-2: Melrose Lad
Lad beat Anchor, 6-0: H"erschel's Pride beat
Rural Artist, 5-4; Merrimac beat White Hat.
4-2 - • '
Fourth round — Fontenoy beat Old Ironsides.
4-1 •' Game Boy beat Rona. 4-O; Ireland beat
Melrose t»ad, 6-1; Merrimac beat Herschel's
Pride, 4-3.
1 Fifth round — Fontenoy beat Ireland, C-0;
Merrimac beat Game Boy. 4-3.
Deciding course — Merrimac beat Fontenoy,
4-3. .?»-.-. ,_ - ' . I
The Jinks on Saturday night was bril
liantly successful, the various Items of
the programme meeting -with an enthu
siastic reception from the large crowd of
yachtsmen. So many were in attendance
that the boats of the fleet and hotels In
the town were taxed to their utmost ca
pacity to find sleeping room for all.
Shortly after 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, on signal gun from the flagship, the
fleet got under way and proceeded over
to the channel, where the yachts cruised
up and down along the -water front-Among
the yachts under way were The Challen
ger carrying Commodore K. S. Bridg
man's flag; the sloop Thetis, ex-Governor
George W. Baxter's schooner Ramona, W.
W. Haley's sloop Rover, Dr. A. "W. Mc-
Kenzle's sloop Sappho, G. W. Muchmore's
yawl Royal, I>r. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnua,
the yawl Witch, the sloops Anita, Hal
cyon and Surprise. • -
The San Francisco fleet was accompan
ied on its opening cruise by Commodora
E. F. Sager's flagship Edna, Frank Bart
lett's yawl Spray and the yawl Arcturaa
of the Corinthian Yacht Club; Commodore
S. S. Marshall's flagship Thelma, tha
yawl Idler, the sloops PactoUis, Secret.
Mascotte and Catharine of the California
Yacht Club. The sloops Harpoon and
Presto' had a trial of speed In the channel,
and The Challenger was also out for
practice.
The sloop Edna while In the stiff, steady
breeze In the channel hung on to Tha
Challenger, but the new San Francisco
sloop forged rapidly ahead when the wind
lightened. On board The Challenger were
W. G. Morrow, Commodore R. S. Brldg
man, J. R. Savory. C. F. Austin, Vica
Commodore A. C. Lee, G. T. S. White, A.
W. Follansbee. A. R. Hasklns, J. C. Cock
erlll and W. Westwater. From the chan
nel The Challenger ran over to Raccoon
Straits, where she -was compelled to lower
her mainsail on account of the breaking
of one of her throat halyard blocks. The
halyard was reeved through a fre3b block
and The Challenger sailed back to her
moorings.
Nearly all the yachts had large parties
on board, ex-Governor George W. Bax
ter's guests being Mr. Lawrence of Den
ver. Louis Q. Haven, F. J. Clute and Ar
thur Inkersley. The -well known schooner,
having had her spars cut down and masts
set straight up, stands up better in a
strong breeze than formerly and behaves
splendidly in the open sea. She will .re
turn to her moorings at Monterey on
Tuesday.
The day was an Ideal one yesterday for
the opening cruise of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, a flood tide, strong breeze and
smooth sea being the prevailing condi
tions. .
Favorites Get the Flag in
All but Eight of the
Trials.
Try Bate of Sailing in
Channel.
Sloops Harpoon and Presto
Beats Fontenoy in the
Union Park Open
Event.
Ideal Conditions Favor
the Sp,n Francisco
, Fleet.
MERRIMAC WINS
STAKE HONORS
YACHTS CRUISE
IN SMOOTH SEA
The official table shows the position of
each rider at the finish and the time each
required to cover his 1 allotted ten miles:
6
ADVESTISE2(IE1TTS.
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
P PILLS
For Billons and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Short-
ness of Breath, CostiTeness, Blotches on the
- Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams,
and all Nervous and TrembHni Sensations,
MIS W& SEA
sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and tl»ey will b« aeli-
nowledged to be WIT HOOT A RIVAL.
BEECHAM'S PIXLS taken as dlree-
. tod, will quickly restore Females tocompleta
health. They promptly remove any obstruo*
tion or irregularity of the system. Fora
Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver,
they act like magic— a few doses wffl work
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring the long*
lost Complexion, bringing back the keea
edge of appetite, and arousing with the
Rosebud of Health the whole phy-
sical energy of the human frame. Thesa
are "facts" admitted by thousands, in all
classes of society, and one of the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that BEECH AM'S PILLS havath*
Largest Sale of any Patent-
Medicines In the World.
•Beeeham's Pills hnve been before
the public for half a century, and
¦?• tte most popular family medicine.
B^ecSfm™ O ATi? "* P-^.ned, a.
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Preparedonly by Thomas Beecham. St.
fork""' • JEn ** * nd 365 Caa * 1 *£3few
Sold eTerywheie In boxes, 10c. and ZSt-.
®VIM VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S T>ILL3
have • been In use over fifty
years by tha leaders of ths
Mormon Charchr and their
followers. Positively cure tha
worst cases In old and young
arums from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cl<arette-smoklngr. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency., Lost
i- -o • • « . wer - N| Kkt Losses. Insom-
v-f;jr,^ rUSii^Hv EvU D«««w. Lame Bnelc.
Jt 7^«^«" It7> Heada «**. tTnfltnesa to Marl
3kJi\«« «£ "5"* CS f\ Vartcocele or Con-
v&SiZ %% V . N * r O O vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Immediate Im-
part vigor and pote cmnrm
Uon. Don t get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped orjrans. Stimulate
«i5'J"? ln an . d n ! rve centers; 50c a box: 6 for
32 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 0 boxes. Circulars free.
Addws BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
5S5 JoT&rtV* 1 - QRAXT DRUO °°-
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before th«> public xor 50 years as a
fain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
*£[.'¦* al iColds. Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, K«uralcia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bo^rel Pains. All <inur«ut«.
AJVEBTTSEIffEirrS. '
Wea ><2&f2 diseases
W^ilJcym f»<Cf*5wj I positively cure
N^SK&ft^^ every ailment pe-
1 ASaSfSs?? culiar to men. I
N^ do not mPrel y re-
i ">^2£Ca8»r lieve temporarily,
y\~- ( •/>».¦ ** ut cure soundly
r /V I J\ % and permanently.
/ v^.1^^^1^ V \ y unequaled suc-
• / r^r^mn \ J 0e8S ln cur i Q ff is
:/ • \ \_^^/ >T^ due to the original,
\ VbL / diet Inctlve and
W J** / thoroughly rcien-
O. C. JOSLEN. M. D. tine methods I em-
Q rf . Weakness.
Functional weakness In men is In reality
a comparatively elmple aliment, and is but
a . symptom of local disorder, usually ¦ a
Etate of chronic inflammation in the pros-.
tate glard. No stimulating treatment,
whether internal' or locally applied, can
do more than excite temporary activity.
By my eyrtem of local treatment I restore
absolutely normal conditions throughout
the organs Involved, which promptly re-
sults in complete -and permanent restora-
tion of strength end vigor. This treatment
Is original with me.. and is the only radical
and certain cure yet devised.
My pamphlet, "Live All Tour Tears a
Man," will be mailed free upon request.
Consultation free at office or by mall.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
IO49 Market Street,
Diagonally Opposite Hlbernla Bank.MONDAY, APRIL 28.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, . entrance to San
Francisco Bay.- Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
" NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) about
! twentyvfi ve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is> the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO BAIL.
Blood will tell— but the less some blood
tells the better. ,
Jack Fraser, aged 7, and livingr with his
mother at 1035 Howard street, had a nar
row escape from serious injury yesterday.
He was playing with some lads of his
own age at '. Sixth and : Townsend : streets,
when a freight engine came along. "- The'
boy was 'struck on the head, but fell al
most clear of the track, the wheels of the
engine tearing off the heel of his. left shoe."
His foot was considerably :brulsed, and
the child Was taken to the Central Emer
ganoy Hospital for treatment: Dr. l Mur->'
phy thought ¦ some ; of the small ¦ bones ; in
the foot might also have been broken. ,
Boy Has Narrow Escape.
Leather Workers' Union No. 57 held its
Fecond annual picnic at Schuetzen Park,
rear Ban Rafael, yesterday. Fully ,ippO
j.-erscr.s attended. Dancing and games for
old end young were thoroughly enjoyed.
The races were won aa follows:
Rare for young ladles under 16 years— Won
by Mise Katie Ur&dy. Miss Gertie Walter* sec
ond. ...
Race for married ladies — Won • by Mr*. S.
Brown. Mm. J. Almle second. ¦ .' .
Race for young men — Won by Jack Haynes.
Joe Hill second. . • .
Race for married men — Won by George F.
Cluff, H. Welch second.
Race for' members of local Lodge No. 67
Won by Jack Fitzsimmons, Mike Bllverfoote
second.
Race for apprenflce boys on strike— Won by
A. Swan. Frank Vivian eecond.
Race for old men — Won by T. Nolan. J. L.
Wwterbrook t»»>con<l.
Race for old ladles over BO years of ace
Won by Mrs. Theodore Kearney (C9 yearn)
Mrs. J. Ryan (f;u yeare) second. " •». ;
Kace for young ladles over 16 years— Won by
Mi?g Josie Johnson, Miss Edith Cullinan sec
cnd. -.
i The receipts of the picnic will, be devot
f*"i to the assistance of the members of
the union who are now out on strike.
Schuetzen Park Is Crowded With
Merry Gathering of Friends ./:
of Union. . ;-> . " : \
EATHEE. WORKERS HOLD
A SUCCESSFUL PICNIC
| We have known,' of , cours<>, that Miss
Huntington ' was much .. admired in '¦¦ so
ciety, and have-had good ; reason -to be
lieve - that .her charms and . splendid qual
ities were " not exaggerated. • . The large
number of - beautiful presents that have
been, pouring, in -at. this,- time are strong
testimonials, of, the appreciation .of- her
.friends. Nobody- who sees the vast array;
"Mr. and Mrs. 'Henry .Edwards Hunt
ington request . th,e pleasure of your
company .-, at breakfast of Wednes
day, the thirtieth df April, at half after
twelve o'clock, at Twenty-eight hundred
and forty Jackson .street." . ¦;
Three hundred friends, .have been
asked to the house in the following man
ner: .':¦•.. . v . :' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦: " >¦ ¦. :." i v ' ;.
"Mr. and Mrs. Henry Edwards' Hunt
ington request the honor ofyour presence
at the marriage of their daughter Clara
to Mr. Gilbert Brooke ' Perkins on Wed
nesday, the thirtieth of April, at twelva
o'clock, at Trinity Church, San Francis
co." . . : .
» The smart set is very much interested
just now in the Perkins-Huntington wed
ding, which takes place on "Wednesday
next at Trinity Church. It is bound to
be a brilliant affair. No pains and ex
pense have been spared' in making the
extensive preparations, and the wedding
f estivitleB will.; be as delightful to . the
many guests as they' will be Important
to the | principals. ; That', everything has
been perfectly arranged it is needless to
add. ,' •¦¦ ;.;• ;. - - " .. : :'r .,' \ : ; ¦
The several hundred invitations issued
for the church say.:. ' -, .'¦ .'.-'."
SOCIETY MUCH
INTERESTED IN
COMING EVENT
Sun rises v 5 :17
Sun Eets ; 6:57
Moon rises.; 11:62 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning: tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to tht soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
s:gn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SACRAMENTO, April 27.— Seven men
broke the coast record for 100 miles in
the century race at Agricultural Park
in this city to-day held by the • Capital
City Wheelmen. The former record for
100 miles, paced, was made by Eifldie
Kragness (5 hours and 15 minutes). H.
Pierson, the winner of to-day's race, rode
the distance unpaced in £ hours and 3
minutes. A. A. Flint, .with an allowance
of 1 hour and 15 minutes over the scratch
man, finished first. " * -
Cyclers Break a Eecord.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
POINT LOBOS, April 27 — 10 d. m.— Weather
hazy; wind northwest: velocity, 20 miles per
hour. DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in April 27—
Br Bhtp Duns Law, from Honckong. for Ta
coma- It*l bark Fortunato. Fiitarl. from Na
gasaki; Ger bark Visurcls, from Hongkong,
for Port Blakeley. . . .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 27— Stmr Santa
Sai'le<i ei ADril P 27— Schr Coquille. for Coqullle
River- stxnr Santa Cruz, for San Francl6co;
schr Dora Bluhm. for Umpqua.
SEATTLE — Arrived Anril 27— Stmr Dolphin,
from Skasway; stmr Cottage City, from Skag-
W RED0NDO— Arrived April 26— Stmr W. H.
Kramer from Tlllamook.
EUREKA— Arrived April 26-Stmr Bruns-
W ASTOm C A-S^lIed April 27-Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco; stmr PrentlBa. for San
*SAN* PEDRO— Arrived April 27 — Stmr Del
Norte, from Crescent City.
POINT LOBOS — Passed April 27. 7 p. m. —
Stmr Robert Dollar, from Tacoma, for Redon
do. All well:
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed In April 27—
TELEGRAPHIC.
Sunday. April 27.
Stmr Queen, Hall, 54 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound ports.
U S «tmr Grant, Croskle, 27 days from
Manila, via Honolulu 8 days.
Stmr Redwood City, Hanson, 10 hours from
KUhennan* Bay. - .
Stmr Gualala, Weber, 11 hours from Bowens-
Landing.
Stmr G. C. Llndauer, Allen, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Newsboy, Johannsen. 16 hours from
Fort Bra?z. '
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 28 hours from Eu-%
reka. *
Stmr Signal, BendeKaard, 48 hours from
Cook Bay. • • •
Btmr John S. Kimball. Timing, 76 hours
from Seattle. •,._,. . '
Btmr Gluey. Leland, ,'33 hours from Moss
Stmr Ruth. Reed, 48 hours from Ventura.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 31 hours from
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 10 hours from Bo
'schr Fannie Adele, Belllnson. 8 days from
Grays Harbor. * ' . • ' •
8chr Joseph Russ, Anderson. 12 days from
Port Gamble.
Sunday. April 27.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, Portland, Or.
Stmr Luella, Olsen. Caspar.
- Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, . Sluslaw River, with
schr C. A. Klo«e in tow.
'Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego.
• etmr Kvlchak, Nelson, Bristol Bay.
- Etmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
¦ Ship Charmer, Slater. Comox. B. C.
Ship Invincible. McKenrle. Bristol Bay.
Bark R. P. Rlthet. McPhail. Hilo.
Bchr C. A. Klo*e, Grugcel. Sulslaw River,
In tow of stmr Acme. •
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Captain Odlund of the steamer Phoenix
surprised his friends on Saturday prior
to his departure for Mendocino by an
nouncing the smiling young woman Mho
was standing at his side on the bridge
was his bride. The captain gave no ink
ling of his marital Intentions to his
friends. The bride was formerly Miss
Larsen. The honeymoon will be spent at
6ea. The Phoenix will load lumber for
San Pedro, and then return to this city.
Honeymoon at Sea.
The, Star of Finland Society pleasantly
a large number of guests at
Shell Mound Park yesterday. Races and
pie aria" apple eating , contests furnished
much excitement .and. amusement for
-those present, aside from the . customary
concert and dancing. The arrangements
were in charge of E. A. Sundlof, J v.
Westerlund. N. W. Wlckland. ¦ "W. John
son, John Blomquist, A. K. Hermanron,
G. Blomquist, E. Staff, A. Johnson, Ida
>«esman. Anna Carlson. Olga Nesman.
Aina Mattson. Hilma "Westerlund and
Alina Wlcklund. •; . £ » •
Star of Finland Outing.
Settlement of Illinois.
N. O. Nelson, founder or Le Claire, the
Uttle Illinois town wherein the people,
rich and poor, live on terms of equality
End the profits of industry are shared be
tween employer and employe, told the
Dotty Club last night in Golden Gate Hall
ttout his experiences i i striving for in
dustrial betterment. Nelson, although a
philanthropist, is eminently a practical
Kian, and his remarks were full of com
mon sense. • I
He eai-i that in founding his Utopian
town he had been influenced by no theo
ries such as are entertained by the"so
cialists and anarchists, but that In carry
ing out his common sense plans he had
accomplished all that these theorists are
aitr.ing at. The fundamental rule of Le
Claire is that no one shall be compelled
•o do anything against his will. The citi-.
zens of the town, being surrounded by
pood neighbors and comfortable condi
tior.s, have no inclination to do anything
wrong, and therefore policemen have
bf*>n disptnsed with.
Mr. Nelson raid that they had not
r.eglected to provide amusement for the
people as wt-ll as work. They have con
structed bowline alleys, poolrooms, foot
ball and baseball grounds. When the
people first came from the cities to Le
Claire, he said, they did not have much
*-are for the beautiful, but that they, had
since become educated In that xospect,
and that now Itielr' homes were surround
ed with lawns, flowers' were being culti
vated and orchards set out.
Preceding Mr. Nelson's talk Rev. B. F.
jlills delivered an interesting lecture on
'•The Biography of Buddha," and " the
Unity Quartet, consisting of W. A. Hun
ter. Alfred Wilkle. E. T. -M. Eckert and
>l. G. Jeffress, rendered two selections.
count of Le Claire, the Utopian
If. O. Nelson Gives Interesting Ac-
ESCRIBES- THE TOWN , ' .
THAT HE FOUNDED
Tucker's launch Gene,, while towing a
cod-fishing schooner off Hunters Point on
Saturday afternoon came near meeting
with disaster. A strong wind was blow
ing, and the launch was laboring hard
in the rough sea. the propeller sometimes
racing out of water. During one of these
periods the shaft snapped and the launch
was at the mercy of the wind and waves.
The captain of the schooner ran his tow
line aft, made sail and towed the launch
until assistance could be secured.
Schooner Tows a Launch.
"Radetsky Marsch," . Harmony Zither Club;
"Abenddammerung," duet, dlscant zither John,
Ploeger, bow zither Mrs. John Ptoeger; "Vio
lets." soprano solo, Mrs. Sally Marcus; "Sor-.
irenbreeher," walzer. Zither Quartet, Mrs. E.
Bachmann, C. Bergmann, Charles Koch. L.
Andres«n: "Prayer and Temple Dance." piano
solo. Professor S. Martinez: "Der Fahne true,"
zither duet. Miss K. Rothaller and Mra. M. von
Bremen; "Souvenir de Baden-Baden," zither
solo C. Bergmann; "Celeste- Alda," tenor .solo.
Roberto Stantlnl; "Aus'm Herzwlnkerl," grossa
concert ldylle. Harmony Zither Club.
The Harmony Tither Club, under the
direction of E. Bachmann; gave its third
semi-annual concert and ball, last night
at Union Square Hall. The hall was
packed to* the doors with an Interested
audience.^; ; The following programme was
rendered: . ¦ . . . .
Zither Club Gives Concert.
The members of San Francisco Flycast
ing Club. had their, first classification and
re-entry contest yesterday at Stow Lake.
The members availed '8f the* opportunity
to cast up. their pack scores. The official
returns .follow: % . •.
FROM SEATTLE.
This will mean an additional increase In the
salary list of from $50,CO0 to $00,000 a year
with us.
There has never been any trouble between
Frgm paw .on—the- Sailors'- llnlon-^wQl.
control the shipping of coast seamen on
all vessels weaving this port. The Ship
owners' Association has turned the mat
ter over to the union, and that, in turn,
has agreed to divide the busjpess between
the Sailors' Home and certain sailor
boarding-house keepers who have always
been friendly to the union. This arrange
ment Is not satisfactory, to those who do
not receive the privilege of furnishing
men, and is likely to result In a conges
tion in sleeping accommodations in the
favored boarding-houses. It may also
produce friction between the ship-own
ers and the union, as the boycotted board
ing-house masters declare they will ship
their men whether the Sailors' Union
likes it or not.
New Deal in Shipping Sailors.
PRESIDENT, TREASURER AND -
RECEIVE^;- ClF CARMEN'S „
BENEVOLENT SOCIETY?^: V v '
FLYCASTING CLUB MEN
CAST UP BACK SCORES
The club has arranged In connection
with the games to. give an entertainment
to Its friends at. Scottish Hall on Tuesday
evening, May 20. The programme will
consist of Scottish songs. and dances and
Instrumental music, including the bag
pipes. Already several prominent local
vocalists and Terpsichorean artists have
consented to- take part in the entertain
ment and everything Is being done to
rruke it the most successful in the history
of the;club. .
CALEDONIANS ARRANGE
TO ENTERTAIN FRIENDS
Members Appointed to Act as Judges
at the Annual Gathering and
¦' . . Games.
The games committee of the Caledonian
Club has appointed the f olowing members
to act as judges at the annual gathering
and games at Shell Mound Park, May. 30:
D. J. McFarlane, A. Lauriaton, Hugh Fra
ser, E. Merriman, Neil A. McLean, James
A McKay, Daniel A. McLean, M. P.
Forbes, W. R. King. Adam Hannah J.
P McCormac, Samuel McGregor, Hedley
V. McDonald. Alexander D. McDonald.
George HarrU, D. H. Finnie and J. J.
McKinnon.
J. Parker Whitney, president of the
Citrus Colony Club, has interested him
self greatly in the excursion. On Mr.
Whitney's ranch, which will be among
•nose visited, oranges are grown which
have carried off the honors at the Mid
winter Fair and at other exhibitions.
Other ranches will be visited of. no less
reputation in the growing of fine fruit.
On Sunday there will be the playing of
the finals in the tennis tournament, a
special lunch at the clubhouse In the. open
e:r and drives about the country. The
t=;ecial train will return from Loomis at
IM, the driving party finishing at that
I cint in order to obtain a more extended
view of the country.
The programme begins with a drive to
the clubhouse on the arrival of the train.
This win be followed by a barbecue at 2
o'clock, and later by a tennis tournament,
the entries f cr which include the Whitney
brothers, the Hardy brothers and in all
eight of the very best players on- the
coast.
Several parties are being made up for
the excursion among the orange blossoms
of the Sacramento Valley foothills about
Pi nryn and Loomis to be run on Satur
day next by the Sacramento Chamber .of
Commerce from San Francisco. The ex
cursion is to leave at 9 o'clock from the
icrry depot. The return will be made the
f. ening of the following day, and- the
tickets, at T10 each, have been made to
ewer the entire expense of the trip, save
only meals that are taken on the train.
Considerable interest is being taken in
t;:e excursion at several of the clubs, and
iists have been opened for the purpose of
reserving special cars for the club mem
bers and their families.
in Blossom and Attend Tennis
Tournament.
Members of the Party Will See Trees
Xi.CUB.SION WILL ET/N
TO ORANGE COUNTRY
I never saw a girl Bail away and leave
such a dearth of happiness behind her as
did Catherine Herrin. She left for Hono
lulu last week and people miss her terri
bly. Her friends are all talking about it.
I heard one girl say to another: "I am so
glad you have come. I have been so
lonely since Catherine left." The other re
plied: "Why, - do you . know, that's Just
why I : looked • in. . i Am so blue without
her." SALLY SHARP.
Miss Belle Harmes is destined to be a
reigning beauty next Beaspn if she comes
out. She already has her father's con
sent, but her mother has not said yes.
and that is important. She is a decided
favorite now. Her willowy figure and
pleasing face, "with blue eyes and brown
hair, are already the distraction of a
number of army offlcerB. Her stylish
gowns, too, are much admired. She gave
a little informal tea yesterday afternoon
at her home in Sausalito and entertained
her friends delightfully. ,
Word has Just, been wafted across the
Pacific' that the "Wells party have arrived
at Tahiti in excellent condltlon-and In the
best of spirits. The group comprises Mrs.
George R. Wells, Miss Marie Wells. Mlsa
Juanlta Wells, Miss Marie Oge and Mrs;
Florence Boyd. They are enjoying them
selves Immensely. ¦ They will i do a num
ber of other islands before coming back
to us again. We have seen but little of
Marie Wells the past season. She did not
go out because of the death of a relative.
• • *
of gifts will be able to remember a time
when a more beautiful display has been
seen in San Francisco. There is* an abun
dance of silver and a number of fine pic
tures, with rather less of bric-a-brac and
cut glass. . • .
Mr. Howard E. Huntington. a brother,
of the bride-elect, has given her 150 vol
umes of the most . able writers. The
books are simply bound in morocco. Mrs.
H. E. Huntington's gift is a large lovers'
knot of diamonds, from which " is sus
pended two chains of diamonds, one hav
ing at the end a pearl and the other a
diamond. The bride will wear with the
bridal robe a large string of pearls with
a diamond heart suspended. This was
given her by Mrs. C. P. Huntington. No
one has had a glimpse of the wonderful
white gown yet. Miss Huntington will
surprise her friends. Some of - the Inti-.
mate friends have had a good look at the
trousseau, however, and cannot say
enough to express their admiration.
The bride-elect and her mother spent
several weeks in New York selecting the
garments and have certainly displayed
the best of taste. There are beautiful
house gowns of clinging crepe de chine
and other more filmy materials, with the
daintiest of laces and ribbons. It would
be impossible to deseribe the bewildering
array of breakfast jackets and , negUge
affairs. Most of the gowns are of thin
summer materials, as Mr. and Mrs.'Per
kins will spend the summer at New York,
having taken apartments at the Majestic
Hotel. :
The Interesting groom-elect arrived Sat
urday. He is tall, thin and interesting.
He would not be called g.ood looking by
everybody, but that is not important. Ho
is a Princeton graduate and comes of
good family, but it will never, be
said that Miss Huntington has married
him for money. Mr. Perkins is engaged
in a broker's office In New York City.
There is always something genuinely re
freshing and delightful about a lovo
match, and we are glad this couple has
so much happiness ahead of them.
President/Charles Clark; past president. S.
R Longwell:' receiver, B. B. Booth; treasurer.
J W Smith: conductor,- W. D. Wllcox; su
perintendent, R. J. •, Scott: secretary David
Hughes; foreman, F." J. Wallice; Inside door
keeper, D. Sherman; outside doorkeeper, T. H.
Burmelster. ,. ¦ • .;. • .. • V;' •
Naturally the men are pleased that the Oak
land Transit Company has increased the
wages, though the organization of which I am
the president had nothing to do with it. We
made no demands upon the company of any
kind Of course there has been much Interest
felt on this side o£ the bay over the outcome
of the ctrike in San' Francisco and there has
been probably some discussion as to whether
there would' be, an Increase on this side- of the
°But there has been ; no action taken by the
Kocletv which I represent and no demands
nave been made. I think it will result In a
hetter feelin" between the men and the com
pany There have been few troubles between
the 'men and the/company and those hrfve been
eastiv Rdiunted.' There la no regular union
on this side of the bay. our own local organi
zation having been In. existence for nearly six
years. : v. ."'...,¦,".-;. ;'¦'¦¦ -"-.i ''.¦.'" : ;
The officer* of. the' Carmen's -Social and
Benevolent Society.are: >* ; :'
EMPLOYES | ARE PLEASED.
Charles Clark of the Grove-street sys
tem of the Oakland Transit Consolidated
is president of this organization. In re
gard to this move he said:
The organization of the. carmen In Oak
land is somewhat unique. • The Carmen s
Social and Benevolent Society Includes a
very, large majority of -the carmen of
Oakland, only a few on the San Pablo
and Telegraph-avenue lines not being
members, and many of the men who have
left the road still retain membership in
the organization. • It is not affiliated with
any union, but is stronger and more com
plete in its membership than any union
In Oakland. There has never been any
dlfference between the company and the
society over recognition.
'the' men 'and the company over the recognition
of their social and benevolent society. "We have
always aided their entertainments and will
continue to do so, and we, consider that It Is &
good thjngr for the men and for the company
to -keep them together.: We ;¦ hope during the
coming year to be able to do other things that
will ad'l to the pleasure of oar employes.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 27— Stmr Geor
gian, from Liverpool; >stmr Rundatn, rrom
Rotterdam and Boulogne; strar St. Louis, from
Southampton and Cherbourg; ' stmr Umbriu.
from Liverpool and Queenstown.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived April 27 — Stmr Pa
latla, from New York, for Naples and Genoa,
and proceeded. • '. - -
Sailed April 27 — Stmr Lahn, from Genoa and
Naples, for New York.
BREMEN — Sailed April 26-^-Stmr Bremen,
for New York, via Cherbourg, and passed
Beachy Head, Aprl 127.
QUEENSLAND — Sailed April 27-^Stmr Lu
canla, from Liverpool/for New York.
LONDON — Arrived April 26 — Stmr Glen
darry, from Tacoma, Hiego. etc., and Naples,
via Liverpool.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEAH BAY — Passed In April 27 — Stmr
Mackinaw, hence April 23, for Tacoma; stmr
Santa Barbara, hence April 24, for Seattle.
Passed out April 27 — Stmr Portland, for
Nome; Br stmr Moana, for Australia.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived April 2T— U S stmr
Ranger, from a cruise.
TACOMA — Arrived April 27— Schr Eric, from
Seattle; bark Peter Ireland, from Port Los
Angeles; stmr Charles Xelson, from San Fran
cisco.
Sailed April 27 — Schr Anne Larsen. for Ban
Pedro.
Ital 6hip Fortunato, Fiiearl. for Port Blakeley;
Br shin Sokoto, from Hlogo, 'in bay.
We hope to be able' to encourage the most
cordial relations between our employes and
the management of the road. In doing this
we feel that the comoany will, receive some
benefit in. anore careful attention to the. patrons
and the property of the company. The Increase
-in waues given by the Transit Comiiany. was
purely voluntary. No. demands had been made
Upon us by the men, either individually orits
an organization, but we felt that wages in
other lines of business not requiring so much
skill were Increasing and with the better con
dition of our company we felt that a flat in
crease could be afforded. We have been pay
ing 21 cents an hour to all men, with bonus
men above that. A flat increase was decided
upon rather than an Increase In the bonus.
COMPANY WILL BENEFIT.
In addition to the Increase in. wages the
Oakland Transit Company has 3 several
plans which directly concern the • em
ployes and their families, and which give
the fullest recognition to the carmen's or
ganization on this side of the bay. Thes»
plans include a series of outings during
the summer, to be conducted by the man
agement of the road, to which not only
the men, but their families, will be invit-<
ed. There will be outings to various
parks on the lines of the Transit' Com
pany, the full expenses of which, includ
ing transportation, music and entertain
ment, will be paid by <he company. The
entertainments given during the year by
the Carmen's Society will all be aided by
the company in the matter of decoration,
special llghtlne. special cars and similar
additions. Regarding -the ' company's
move. Manager Kelly said:
The representatives of the . Transit
Company say that. they are satisfied and
the men declare themselves equally so. - :
OAKLAND, April 27.-^There will be
no trouble between the Oakland
Transit Consolidated and its em
ployes. The action, of the com
pany in making a voluntary in
crease in the pay of 'the men has settled
that, and while. the men tin Oakland are,
paid a cent, an hour less than In San.
Francisco, under the new schedule in that
city, both the men and ' the company feel
that the Oakland wages are equivalent to
those in San Francisco t when the differ
ence in the cost of living is considered.
If any trouble was ever contemplated, tho
action of General Manager" Kelly of the
Transit Company has checked^lt, and the
men will accept the new • schedule' of
.wages, which will go into effect a full
month before the new schedule : in San
Francisco. . • . •¦•¦¦-:¦"•¦ -
Dr. Guinness talked from his vast ex
perience in the London hospitals and. the
hospitals of other cities and besought his
hearers to lead a pure and. godlike life
and avoid . all ' temptations. He quote'l
Sir Andrew Clarke, the eminent physician
and surgeon, who had said that "nature
never forgives and never forgets," and
demonstrated the necesity for the care of
the health and the husbanding of the
strength. "The way to manliness." he
said, "Is along the line of godliness, and
the finest specimens of manhood I have
ever met are those men who are godlike,
pure In thought and pure in 6very action."
This evening' Dr. Guinness will lecture
at the* Young Men's Christian Associa
tion on "The Cannibals of the Congo."
The lecture will be free.
. The doctor, who has just arrived from
Australia on his journey home to London,
has himself done a great deal of mission
ary work, as he said, "purely for the love
of the labor," and with no pecuniary re
sults! .•'.. .
. Dr. H. Grattan Guinness, son of tho
Rev. Mr. Guinness, the eminent divine
and missionary, lectured yesterday beforo
one of the largest audiences of men ever
seen in the auditorium of the Young
Men's Christian Association.
Medical Advice With Deep Re
.' ' : ligious Exhortation.
Eon of Eminent Divine Combines Hi3
DR. GTJXNNESS DELIVERS
• ¦ ' A LECTURE TO M.E2T
- Between First and Seventh streets on
Broadway 2000 sixteen candle-power
lamps will be used in the grand illumina
tion. Between the Temple block and Sev
enth street on Spring 2500 lamps will be
used, and between Temple block and Sev
enth street on Main street the same num
ber will be pressed into service. The six
or eight . intersecting streets between
Temple block and Seventh street will re
quire about 4000 sixteen candle-power
lamps. A ' rough estimate of the total
number of lamps that will be used by the
Fiesta committee and the merchants in
the grand illumlnatlcm scheme 13 25,000 of
sixteen and thirty-two candle-power. The
designs that have been prepared for the
hotels and public buildings are unique,
and the illumination of the streets prom
ises to prove one of the, interesting fea
tures of the May festival." Practically all
of the downtown hotels and many of. the
larger business houses along Main and
Spring streets and Broadway will appear
in a flood of almost dazzling light ¦ for
four nights, beginning next Wednesday
evening, at 7 o'clock.
The Grant made her record trip from
Manila, making the run In twenty-four
days' steaming time. The actual time of
the voyage was twenty-seven days, the
difference being due to the time spent In
coaling at Honolulu. • ¦ ' •*»'
Mrs. Fox is the sister of Dr. McDill, the
Misses McWIlliams are the daughters of
Major "Williams of the Twenty-sixth In
fantry, and Mrs: William H. Johnston is
the wife of Captain Johnston of the Six
teenth Infantry. Captain F. P. Fremont
Is a son of the great Pathfinder. General
J. C. Fremont, and will visit his mother
in Los Angeles before going East. /
Steerage — Thirty-one civilians. . 654 enlisted
men of the Twelfth United States Infantry, 620
casuals, sixteen enlisted men on furlough, three
on temporary duty, Bixty sick and three insane
in hospital: 223 discharged soldiers and twenty
nine discharged quartermaster employes.
Cabin — Office™ of Twelfth United States In
fantry apd families — Colonel J. W. Bubb, Miss
Bubb Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Haskell, Mrs.
H L. Haekell, Major P. C. Wood. Major C. P.
Terrett. Captain W. O. Clark. Mrs. W. O.
Clark. Captain C. W. Abbot Jr.. Captain C. H.
Barth Mrs. C. H. Barth and child. Miss Eliza
beth Bittman, Captain R. U Hirst. Captain
F. S. Cocheu. Mrs. F. S. Cocheu. Captain J.
P Harbeson Captain G. H. Davis. W. F.
Creary. J- W- Clinton, Lieutenant A. T. Smith.
Lieutenant W\ H. Oury. Lieutenant Marshall
Childs. Lieutenant D. T. Merrill, Lieutenant
G. E. Thome, Lieutenant Alfred Aloe. Lieu
tenant F. J. McConnell, Lieutenant Richmond
Smith. Lieutenant Rhees Jackson, Lieutenant
A. C. Wright, Mrs. A. C. Wright, Lieutenant
R D Carter, Mrs. R. D. Carter, Lieutenant
C. H. "Whipple Jr.. Mrs. C. H. Whipple Jr. and
child. Lieutenant E. E. Fuller. Mrs. E. E.
Fuller Lieutenant J. S. Chambers. Lieutenant
D. W.' C. Lyles, ar.d the following additional
passengers:
Colonel A. L. Wagner. Assistant Adjutant
General, 17. S. A.: Major W. J. Wakeman. sur
geon, U. S. A.; Captain A. M. Smith, assistant
surgeon. U. S. A.; Mrs. A. M. Smith. Master
Richard Smith. Captain M. TV. Ireland, assist
ant surgeon. IT. S. A.: Mrs. M. W. Ireland,
Master Paul Ireland, Captain C. F. Kiefler,
assistant surgeon. U. S. A.; Mrs. C. F. Kieffer,
Captain J. P. Tracy. Artillery Corps. U. S. A.;
Mrs. J. P. Tracy, Chaplain H. C. Gavitt, First
U. S. Cavalry; Captain F. P. Fremont, Second
United States Infantry: Captain J. M. T. Par
tello. Fifth United States Infantry; Mrs. J. M.
T. Partello, Master Melville Partello. Captain
C. C- Clark. Fifth United States Infantry;
Lieutenant Walter Cox. assistant surgeon, U.
S. A.; Mrs. Walter Cox. Lieutenant W. D.
Webb, assistant eurgeon. U. S.' A. ; Mrs. TV. D.
Webb and two children. Lieutenant William
Roberts, assistant surgeon, U. S. A.: Mrs. Wil
liam Roberts, Miss Virginia Roberts, Lieuten
ant R. O. Rickard, Signal Corps, U. S. A.;
Lieutenant J. D. Watson. Artillery Corps, U-
S. A.; Dr. W. E. Brown, contract surgeon, U.
S. A.: Mrs. J. P. Sanger. wife of Colcnel San-
Rer. U. S. A.; Miss Sanger. Mrs. William H.
Johnston. Master Fabian Johnston, Miss Gene
vleve Johnston. Mrs. Fox. Miss Fox, Mrs. J.
P. Wade and child. Miss R. C. Davis, Miss
Williams, Mrs. D. H. Kinney, superintendent
Army Nurse Corps; Anna E. McEvoy, army
nurse; M. Estelle Hlne, army nurse; H. L.
.Klnp, clerk Civil Commission: J. H. Rader.
clerk. Medical Department: Fred Boyer. . late
Lieutenant Thirty-ninth Volunteer Infantry;
William Welch, Coast Survey.
The United States army transport
Grant, which arrived from Manila early
yesterday morning, was " released from
quarantine about 11 o'clock and landed a
portion of her passengers on Angel Island
and others were transferred to the Pre
sidio. The Grant left the quarantine
grounds about noon and anchored In the
stream off Folsom-street wharf. She will
dock this mornlner.
A total of 1699 passengers was brought
by the Grant, as follows:
r tormen and gripmen who have Just returned
-..- work. I congratulate the employes on having
employers to conciliatory and willing to meet
ihi-m in ready agreement upon concessions that
nnsfjr everybody and humiliate nobody. This
U a case in which all parties have come out
v ith honor.
At the Howard Street Methodist
Church the pastor, the Rev. Dr. John A.
1>. Wilson, in speaking of the strike yes
urday, said:
I congratulate the Mayor of this city and the
c:ty upon its Mayor. I congratulate the city
iir.d the railroad authorities upon the 3000 em
; yes and public servants, who represent the
.¦•-¦¦.gment and moderation of the conductors.
The Rev. Mr. Baker said that he con
sidered this one of the greatest strikes in
the history of our country- "Thank God,"
he said, "that this unparalleled labor dis
ruption is ended and that it has ended in
the right manner because it was fought in
the right way— not* by pugilistic force or
native pugnacity, but by the force of calm
reasoning and the inspiration of principle
;jid Christian brotherhood.
/ may now ask why it was that the
carmen won their fight," continued the
Hev. Mr. Baker. "It was not simply be
cause of the tine type of character of the
men; not because their grievances were
real; nor was it wholly because of the
unanimous public opinion in their favor.
All these ii» themselves would not have
won the struggle. They won because- of
their unbroken union not under the con
trol, of a demagogue who used his power
to bully or harass employers making un
reasonable demands and precipitating
abor contests in which the interests of all
¦ lasses were sacrificed to the self-import
ance of ihe demagogue.
Rev. Mr. Baker commended the wisdom
;.nd tact of the Mayor in his unbiased at
titude to either side. The speaker said
lie therefore considered it a triumph for
-.he wise, discreet and temperate men
had conducted the affairs of the
They won through their peace
:ul and gentlemanly bearing what never
could have been won through violence,
vrhich was. he submitted, a lesson learned
tot all time.
The Rev. Frank K. Baker delivered a
sermon last evening before a large con
gregation at the First Methodist Church,
Powell street, in which he referred es
pecially to the carmen's strike.
BAKERSFIELD, April -28.— Fire broke
out at 1:15 this .morning in a paint store
located in' the Willow block, in the busi
ness portion , of this city, at Nineteenth
and Li streets, and before the flames were
finally checked property to the amount of
$50,000 was destroyed: The origin Is un
known. Flames were seen Issuing from
the paint store. Lutz" Drug Company,
Bakersfield Auction "Company,. Mrs.
Healy's shoe store and the paint shop
are consumed and the fire is still burn-
Ing. ¦'._; The upper portion of the. building
was --'occupied ~by the El Dorado lodglng
hda"!*e. and there were about twenty oc
cupants in it. It-is not known as yet if
any one was burned to death, but several
people. are missing. They, however, may
have gotten out safely. > The : Cosmopoli
tan Hotel h^d^narrowesqape. '"•'•.. .
TWENTY-FIVE THOUSAND ;
:-7 LAMPS : .WILL V B^' 1X5ED
Los Angeles to Be. Ablaze With Elec
tric Badiance on Fiesta : V
• > ': Nights. ; .v .:¦-.-.
LOS ANGELES, Aprif 27.— Los Angeles
will • be more ., brilliantly illuminated at
night during the coming La Fiesta de Las
Flores than during any similar festival in
the history, of the city. jjt
In addition to the plans for a
illumination of the business thorough
fares In the central portion of the city,
made by the executive. committee of the
Fiesta, merchants generally along Main
and Spring streets and Broadway from
Temple block south fc> Seventh street, as
well as all intersecting streets between
the points named, have contracted with
the local . lighting companies . for some
unusually novel designs in electric il
lumination. ' -. • .
Dick Burke, a sailor, of Port Huron, .
survived the wreck and was brought to ,
Sandusky to-day by the life-saving crew
from that port. The life-savers had tried
several times during the night to reach
the wreck.
According to Burke's story, when the
boat seemed hopelessly in the power of
the storm, which was terrific, the party
got into' the rigging, the captain, his wife
and Morris on the leeside of the boat.
The boat soon filled with water and fell
over onto the lee side, throwing the three
persons into the water and drowning them
almost immediately.
JBurke retained his position in the rig
ging, having fallen asleep from exhaus- :
tion, and was thus found by the life-sav
ing crew to-day.
Captain Robert Pardy of Marine City,
his wife and his stepson, Alexander Mor
ris, aged 16.
*SANDUSKY. Ohio, April 27. —The
schooner Barklow. from Marine City, ha&
foundered In Lake Erie, half a mile from.
Put-in-Bay, and three persons have lost
their lives In consequence. The dead:
Sailors' Union Secures Con
trol of Shipping of All
Coast Seamenl
I Says Peaceful and Gentle
manly Conduct Won
Strike.
Captain, His Wife" and Step
son Go Overboard and
Are Drowned.
Loss Already $50,000 and
Conflagration Is Not • -
Yet Subdued
Rev. F. K. Baker Praises
Carmen and Scores
Demagogue.
Small Schooner Foun
ders on Lake Erie
During Storm.
Lives May \ Have Been
Lost , in Fire This
¦ Morning..
Trip Prom Manila Is
Made in Good Time
for That Vessel.
Voluntary Increase in Pay Pleases Employes and
1 hey Look Forward to Better Feeling.
GRANT CARRIES
MANY SOLDIERS
MEN'S CONDUCT
GAINS ESTEEM
FLAMES RAGING
AT BAKERSFIELD
SAILOR LIVES
TO TELL STORY
OAKLAND TRANSIT COMPANY'S
ACTION FORESTALLS TROUBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
7
Eteair.er.
"rom.
>ue.
Enterprise... Hilo Apr. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr. 2S
Santa Monl;a Grays Harbor Apr. 28
Santa Cruz.. Newport A Way Ports. Apr. 2!)
nninlcr Seattle & Fatrhaven . . . . Apr. 2)
Progreso Seattle .' Apr. 21
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 30
North Fork-. ! Humboldt '. . . Apr. 30
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Apr. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Apr. 8<>
Chehalis San Pedro Apr>30
Victoria Comox Apr. .10
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 30
Alliance Portland & Way PorU. Apr. SO
WyeDelrl Xanalmo |Apr. 30
Argo Eel River Ports .I Apr. 30
Point Arena. Point Arena May 1
Santa Rosa.. Pan Diego & Way Ports May 1
C. Kelson... Seattle & Tacoma. ..'... May 'i
Nippon Maru. China & Japan . ... May 2
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports....;. May 2
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
Nekc Seattle May 4
llandalay.... CoqulUe River*. ...'..... May 4
«. W. Kider.. Portland & Astoria ...> May S
Coronado San Pedro May S
Leelanaw New York via Panama. May ,5
Guatemala... | Valparaiso & Way Ports May. 6
Alameda [Honolulu . . .' May - 6
City Puebla.. I Puget Sound Ports May 7
Steamer.
Destination.
! Sails.
Pier.
April 28.
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor
Coos Bay... San Pedro 4 Way..
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland.
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts
April 29.
Eureka.... Humboldt •
Empire Coos Bay :..
Newburn.. Gray* Harbor
April »O.
Arcata....'. Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
TVIay 1.
San Pedro. . Humboldt ' ..... 1 ...
Argo Del River Ports ...
Chehalls... Grays Harbor
gtRteOai.. San Diego & Way..i
J. Kimbali. BeaUle &-Tacoma..|
Boncma Sydney & AVay Pts
Doric China & Japan....
Argyll N. Y. via Panama.
Queen Puget Sound Ports
May a.
Alliance. . Portland & Way Pts
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts
Pomona... Humboldt
• May «.
Pt Arena.. Point Arena i
Ncrth Fork Humboldt
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland
Westport.. Bear Harbor
Rainier.... Seattle & Fairhaven
IieFFie K. . Golofnin Bay-Teller
May 4. '
Phoenix. . . . Mendoctno City ...
Australia., Tahiti direct ......
May 5.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor
May C. t
Umatilla... Puget Sound P.irts.
May 7.
Curacao.,.. Mexican Ports ....
Mandalay. . Coqullle . River .V. .
4 pm
9 am
11 am
12 m
¦• :
S) am
10 am
5 P m
10 am
10 am
5 pm
4 pm
» ami
10 am |
10 ami
1 pm
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
|Pier 11
PJer 2i
PMS3
P2«r,13
Pier 13
Pier a
IPler 13
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier —
IPler 11
I Pier 2
Pier 7
PMSS
Pier 10
Pier 0
S am|
0 am
1:30 pi
I Pier 10
IPier.ll
il'ler. u
2 pm
12 m
11 am
6 pm
4 pm
PJer : 2
I Pier- a
I Pier" 2*
Pier 2
Pier 2i
Pier —
; -I
3 pm
10 ami
- '
I .
Pier 13
I Pier 7
4 pm
Pjer 2
11 am
Piar 8
10 am
4 pm
Pier 11
PUr. 2
Steamer.
For.
| Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanie Nome direct (about) Apr. 29
Dolphin Ska&way & Way Forts. Apr. 20
Cottage City. Sknicway & Way" Ports. A or. ao
Cl»y Tbpeka. Skagway . & Way Ports. Mny 5
Farcllon Skagway • &' Way Ports. May 5
Chico .. .. Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 3
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|May 10
O Time Time Time ITtm*
* Ft Ft. FL I Ft..
• - H W . L W H W .. . |L "W
2S 2:00 4.4 0:20 0.7 4:57 4.2 0:37 ~3~1
20 2:48 4.2 10:10 0.0 5:4S 4.3 10:52 S.S
SO 8:52 4.0 11:02 1.1 Cr.XO 4.0.
L. -W H W I,W H W
1 0:00 3.1 5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 7:10 4.^
2 0:57 2.fi 0:3* 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:48 H,i
3 1:4S 2.0 7:49 4.1 1:42' ].« 8:24 6.1
4 2:35 1.4 8:56 4.4 2:2S! 1.8| 8:58 5..1
5 3:1S 0.8 9:58 % 4.6 3:13 1.9 0:30 BB
CONTESTANTS.
Brooks .........
Charles
Brant
Orant
Everett ...',
Everett
Elaight ...:
r. C. Kierulff...
J. B. Kennlft...
Mocker
Wuller
Muller
Turner ... .'
Younsr
Heller
Heller
Reed - . .:
Reed
Huyck '...
Huyck
Young
Mocker
Edwards
Edwards i
Reed
Brooks
C- '? Delicacy. f*
i f n M i si
• '• • • S
71 S2.3 83 77.6 81.3
78^75.8 71 75 73 ....
Ill 78.4 01 80 85.6
106 83 83.4 75 79.2
106 B3.8 8.J 75 79
100 94.4 89.8 70.10 80.3
88 ....75 75.10 75.5
87.4 73.4 80.4
96.2
89 S6. 4 72.8 73.4 73 64.5
102 93 87 78.4 82.5 ....
105 S9.3S8 77. C 81.3
81- 87.8 83 73.4 80.8
..... 90.4 01 84.2 87.7
02.4 83.8 83.4 83.6
85.4 90 80.10 85.6 .
98 93 89 79.2 84.1 ...
95 90 87 78.4 83
95 95 88 78.4 83.2 ....
83 81.8 87.4 73.4 80.4 ..
. 89.4 87.8 80.10 84.3
87 88.4 7H 84.2 80.1 61). 6
83 90.4 94.2 79.2 S8.9 70.2
,91 91.8 87- 75.10 81.5 81
95 89 87.4 77.6 82.5
92 ........
AjyEBTISEMENTS. ;
PERFECT '-.'MANHOOD
. .^Illlllp^w. , ' Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
'"'¦ ijiBlPrlfy^^ft French Preparation of .
li§Mn. \ vML I nvO
i^iiil Cd&W Hn Fu 'l F ' vo Da ys* Treatment
Kjrf * \ \ SENT FREE
i Vt jtii0s®m NO C.O.D. OR DEPOSIT SCHEME.
/&*v E/mt t\ ' c*J** joonelf or remain in ignorance while you ar*
' #S*»W*V Wr ' ' j / - bains dragged down by this lasidioaa disease No .
affrffiiHt^- **** *^y " ' aaatter what the canse may be, whether early abases, .
- - '¦' jm. ezcM«es or orerwork and bnsinesa care*, the naalts
-^SjgjgSaggaw^^. /w^ ar * tb " same— premature lose of strength and mem-
r M *Srjur~~ =::; ~^ i!^~rW y\ -JWaK ory, emissions, impotenoy, Taricooele.and shrunken
PTU. This ipeciflo remedy will enre too atanyrtaae
NSv ' before epilepsy resolta, with ensuing consumption and
N\ insanity. " Calthoe * goes directly to the seat of the
™ >s> trouble, no matter of how Ions; standing, and the pa>
E»ery person who is a sufferer from nervous diseases tient feels the benefit of the first days' treatment. In
should write the Von Mohl Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, at fi»e days the medicines sent free will make you feel
onoe, and accept their offer of a five days' trial treat- like a new man. ...
ment free of charge. This is bo OL O. D. or DEPOSIT The Ton Mohl Co. often recelTes the most astonish.
tchema but a liberal proposition made to unf ortnnate Ing testimonials from persons who bare taken only &*•
sufferers by this loBg-establiihed concern, which is day's treatment. ¦ They hate thousands af testimonials
the largest importer of specifics tor nerroua and sex- from those who have bean permanently cored after
nal diseases in the world. ' . • having been given np by doctors, misled and rained la
! The Von Mohl Oo. has the sole American rights for health by disreputable medical schemers, and wham
Prof. Laborde's French preparation of " Calthos," the they had given np their last hope for health and hap-
only remedy known to advanced medical science that pinese. No sensible penoa will permit his name to be
will positively, cure nervous debility. .•' This remedy used for a testimonial aa an admission that he had aa7
has for yean been used as a specific in the French and of the diseases for which the preparation of ** Calthoe "
Qerman armies, and since it* introduction into tho it a specific cut*. Some) Irresponsible advertisers are
United States has cored many thousands of sufferers, using " made-up " testimonials, bat the Von Mohl Co.
and the remarkable success of the remedy in Europe invariably declines to make public the names or cor-
has been repeated in this country. < ' .. ' respondenoe of any patiaata who have been cured by
In order to place this wonderful treatment in the) " Calthoe." '
hands of every person who suflera the mental and ' Five days* treatment will be placed In year hands
physical anguish of sexual weakness, The Yon Mohl free of cost, and yon are earnestly urged for yoor own
Co. has decided to send a free trial treatment to all sake to send for it without delay. Write today and
who write at once. The remedy is sent by mall in a lend your address. It is not necessary to give em-
plain package, and there- it no publicity in receiving it barraasing details of your symptoms. The book ac* '
or taking it. • Accompanying the medicine there is a eompanying the five days' treatment will enable yon
fall treatise in plain language for you to read. - Take to take the medicine in private and treat yourself soo-
the medicine privately with perfect safety, and a snre cessfnlly at home. It costs nothing to try this remedy.
cure is guaranteed. ( * • _ '• - '. ¦ It may cost you a great deal more to let thle offer go
Lost vitality creepa upon men unawares. Do uot de- by. Write today. ¦> Address, ¦
The Von Moil Co. t Cincinnati, 0.THE '. SA^ FRANCISCO CAM,, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
8
SAN FRASCISCO CAIU
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaH. corner of Market and Third streets; open
cntil 12 o'clock every night !ri the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— D27 Montgomery street,
corner Clcy; open ur.tll 0:H0 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. * , ;. [
CD McAllister street; open until 9:"0 p. m.
315 Lsrkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
PJ3U Mission -street; open until 10 p. m.
22t ! l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 0 p. tn.
106 Eleventh street: open until 0 p. m.
103G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Xorthwect corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; opeft ur.til a p. m. zg'r ¦'¦
2200 rillrnore street: fpon until a p. in.
MBBTIXC NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Ccmmandery «_¦*¦£_
No 10 K. T.. «£5 Sutter et.— Special 7SP
assembly THIS EVENING at S O
o'clock. Order cf Malta. All fraters .
are courteously invited.
H. D. LOVKLAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FKOLICH. Uecorder^ '
BTARR KING Lodge. IT. D.. F. and A. M
M.. Mo-wry 1 * Hall, will meet THIS
(MONDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. j£3T
3d degree. By order of the W. M. ' «
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
6AN Francisco Chapter No. 1, Royal m
Arch Masons, meets THIS KVEN'IXG. £\m
M. M. Degree. /W\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. ***
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and a
A. M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING
at 7:C0 o'clock secur.d degree. By /IJk
order cf the Mr.ster. / \r '
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HEIUTANN Lcdee No. 127. F. and A. m
il.— Called meeting" THiS DAY (MON- .Jv.
IJAY), Arril :>, l«0:J, at T:-fo o'clock jS3f
p. m. lies. 2. 15y order cf the W. M. /V »
L- SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S LoJge No. 2C0, F^ •""
and A. M., 1839 Fiilmore st. — Second _A
tiegree THIS EVENING at 7:30 'S If
o'clock. HARItY BAEHR, Sec. MM
ST. ANDREW'S Society — Open meet- v «y vi
injr THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. 'TV. Soj
Fine programme. Members and" itV>X2*
friends cordially ipvited. *«£?*
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEORGii ST. J. BREMNER, Secretary.'
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the stockholders of the United Crude Oil
Cciftpany will be held at the office of th«-
company, 41S l'arrott building. In the city
and county of Ea.n Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAT, May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board cf directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLtAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGENTS YTAATEP.
AGENTS— $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Oa6light Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private and public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do * not require a
chtmneydo break)or wick to trim, & make no
t.moke and dirt; fit any cocl oil lamp without
expense or trouble, & produce best cheapest
& cleenest light; it is a great .money maker
for agents; 2uO per cent profit; -write at once
&. get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867. Cincinnati, Ohio.
OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
lng from $500 to $1000 per month; we want 20
more everywhere; our local agents are mak-
ing from $5 to $15 per day; we want 50 more;
not like canvassing; - pleasant occupation;
everybody will rive you an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call en
or address W. B. AMES, 701 Hay ward build-
ing. California and Montgomery sts.. S. F.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to Bell stock
In successful manufacturing .business;- salary
and commission ta right party. Apply 346
McAllister st. ......
LADIES — Start In business at home; quick
sales and big profits; make $25 per week.
Call at room 122. 1236 Market st.
AGENTS wanted, by manufacturing company
in this city; a proposition to right party;
men cr women. Apply 346 McAllister et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
P.. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building room
CIS: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
C*sges. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write, i
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet; i
r.o charge without success ; established 16 yr=
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market n.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees; '
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market st. ]
L. S. CLARK. Emma Fpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- '
kct n. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
_ ¦ ADOPTION.
A FINE, beautiful girl baby and a healthy
boy baby for* adoption 1 ; both* 1 * from swell
parents. MRS. EMILIE FUNKE"S Mater-
nity Sanitarium; secluded and confidential.
UICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles' cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market et.
UinDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and kinds of song
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.Sth&9th.
HOOKS- — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Hcimes. 1149 Market; tfcL Howard 1946!
rilSIXESS CHAACISS.
ft. RARE chance for lively and honest maiT- i
the whole or half interest in old established
saloon: in first-class location; -price fM.cj.
Particulars R. G. V> ILKE. 2C>£ Kearny st.
A—^2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
st. ; established for years and known as first
claf* paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $U9; investigate at once; rare chance
K. G. WILKE, 26ta Kearny st.
-*• — $1100: COR. grocery and bar. with living
rooms and bath, In best location of the-Mis-
fion ; rent $45; a good paying, business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2U14 Kearny .' st
A— $150C; SALOON, few doors from Market
St.; first-class paying; established years; rent
£VlLK*£ gKearn a^s e t. St0Ck - Ca " R "
A — $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
i/iale depot, clearing $100 per month: rent
*1..0; no better investment In any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A-4050; SALOON with 7 fttrntehed rooms; rent
$40: place first-class paying; surrounded &
railroad shoos, planing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
T-500 — RESTAURANT on Market: must be Bold -
• bargain. A. STENBERG. 759 Market St.
A $35n
RESTAURANT ""
Must be sold at once; rent only $3a For sale
only by A. STEXBERG. 759 Market st.
V.'n have lodging-houses, stores, restaurant*
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
n any other business chances lor sale • also
<Mty and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call cr write for our free lisf
_IIEALT & CARR, 927 Market St., roo^l 20<T
A-$200; PARTNER; light, day, office work-
S^^T^ earn* '|7S monthly.'
STRAND. 209 Kearny Bt. .. ..
A T?° cl f,* r , stands; prices, $75 to $2000; rentS
*G to *i:-5 monthly; profits. $2 to $7 daily
HEDGES. 4B1-4C2 Parrott bldg., fe25 Market.
—T^^.PT * lors on bu? y street, center city;
beautiful fixture? ; good trade; owner sick
Make offer to HEDGES. 401-4C2 Parrott bldg.
CIGAR stcre— Best trade In Etr<»t; cood rea-
sons for selling; investigate: splendid chance
502 Itith meaalng busin eise; rent only $12!
OLD established corner liquor store; sold ac-
¦ count of sickness. Box 14S0, Call office.
?20S>_PAi;TNr:R wanted in old establish^
« business office; established for years; pay-
ing well; best of reasons for sellinE inteiWi ¦
particulars TOMLINSON & CO 105 EHU
Ft., room 10. '' t " is
?looo per year income secured by any one lik-
ing trouble. to investigate our plans- no (raid
mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition, unusual merit
Jumlepa Co.. Fullcrton bidg.. St. Louis, Mo!
IIAVJi lease of <k)-rocm furnished house- will
Cive half interest to the right man or
v.onxan; very reasonable terms; prefer one
ivltb experience; location very best. Ad-
dress box 1463. Call office.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business-
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $1*}
to 125 a week; no e-scperienee required; no
night or Suaany ivcrk; trial given before you
buy. 25 Gtary «<t... room 4.
RETIRING from v business; entire stock of
furniture for sale; must vacate May 1: deal-
ers, lodging-house keepers invited. KRAUS-
GRILL & O'XEILX* 1324 Stockton Et.
WANTED — Promoter to -form stock company
for crest money-making invention; big for-
tune in it for right man. Inventor, box
lCt'S. Call office.
PKACTICAL caterer or cook as partner in
first-'.- la j?s restaurant; $500 requiri^d. J. R.
RICHARDS, Hotel Krokers* Co.. 26 Sth floor.
MillH building.
WANTED — A partner for Country saloon and
beer bottling establishment; murt have at
least ¥K*X) cash. Address box lfi-tf,. Call.
OUTSIDE route tnls paper. Address bcz 4936,
CaU office. . ,
- '
I ntJSIXKSS . CHANCES— ConttnnedL__
A^kTkEKNY, 75 Third St.. has the following
ns.ie, iiayins*- buslnts^, investments:
$i5o- -ltestaurunt doing a business of over $40
per day, clearing $150 per month; best loca-
tion In the city; no night work; low rent;
owner leaving the city.
$5,00 — partner wanted In a first-class corner
Falcon; thoroughly established; tine and large
custom; clearing: $200 per month; owner is tire.t
of unreliable barkeej>erE ; will teach a good
I man the business. .
1 $100 — Barber shop; a bargain; 2 chairs;
! plenty of steady work; don't miss this.
$4.-.(V— Grocery and bar in the vicinity of
Fourth and Mission: cood trade; clears from
$75 to $1»RJ per month.
$1000— "Boilermakers or blacksmiths or ma-
' rhinists. attention: uartner wanted in a nni
! business in the southern part of the "state;
: best shop outside of this city: a man of either
of £.bove trades will have a grand chance to
connect himself with a first-class mechanic and
sure future. * ,, ,
I $750— Partner wanted to do the collecting
and af sist in looking after the hired help in a
I tine caruenter contracting business; clearing
'¦ $2r>0-?.*:e0 per month. ¦
I jii(k> First-class corner saloon downtown,
J principally day trade; doing a business from
j $20 to $:i. r > oer day: patronized by best class of
I -merchants and clerks, etc. .. . f
i For any of above see KENNY. 75 Third st.
j LOOK! LOOK! LOOK! .
Half interest in corner grocery and bar; es- I
tablii-hed 10 years; remaining partner respon- j
sible roan: will accept any half reasonable ot-
fer account departure. K. KENN1. <5 Third.
JOSEPH ETRAUB, S50 Market st.
A— Good Investment: a manufacturing
business; want $5000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying divi-
dends; extra capital is wanted to enlarge j
the factory. • • • Delicacy and dairy j
produce store on Valencia St.; 4 living rooms;
rent $16; price $220. • • • • Branch bak-
ery and notions on Mason St., $200. * *
Partner for a good corner saloon. • •
j Corner grocery and bar; must be sold on
; ' account of death in family. • • * Coyer,
! Falcon on Turk st.; good location. * -4^.*
Uest * paying candy store on Larkin st. can
be had lor $SCO. • • • Paying and old j
estabkbhed saloon; well known and In a |
good location. • • • Eakery and coffee «
saloon; 4 living rooms: good store trade: I
low rent; lease If desired; only $1000. • • • J
Butcher shop in Oakland: must be sold on
j account of departure. • • • Bakery in
i Sonora: baking 300 loaves daily; horse and
' wagon; low rent; price $500. • • * Drug
! store and medical practice in a growing
j country town; owner must go East; finest
I ¦ opportunity ever offered to a young doctor.
I • • • For particulars call on JOSEPH
STRAL'B, S50 Market St.
ARE you looking for the best interest on your
money? We have the best proposition ever
offered, to the public, where there is no risk
and your money is always at your disposal
and will draw an average of over 4%' per
week. Just think of it — more than you can
get in the bank in one year. We invite you
all to^our office, where we will give you full
particulars. Remember, you can invest from
up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSO-
CIATION, suite (515. Emma Spreckels Bldg.,
treasurer's department. Open evenings, 7-8.
j GREAT opportunity* for an active young man
•' with ?25uO to $3000 to engage in stock busi- :
! ness, embracing deed to land convenient to
j this city ; fenced, goad feed, abundance of
j water; parties only meaning business need
; apply. Address Box 1651. Call office.
A GOOD Investment — A manufacturing busi-
ness wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is increasing to the necessity i
for extra capital to allow further and natural I
developments. Add. P. O. box 294, Oakland.
SALOON: Market st.; 5-year lease; rent $200;
good fixtures; good business; owner has
other business and must sell; genuine bar-
gain at $5000. Box 1666, Call office.
ACTIVE man. with $5000, can establish broker-
age business and use his own money; large
profits; something rare. Box 1421. Call. - -
CIGARS — Downtown corner stand, business
street, for sale; $250 if sold by the 1st. Ad-
dress box 1462. Call office.
(9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right, party. Box 4818, Call.
WANTED — Partner in printing businc&s. For
particulars address box 1408. Call.
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent; good bus.; cheap. Box 1402. Call.
TRANSFER and baggage office: 2 horses and 2
wagons; a' bargain. Call at IPS Taylor St.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A~H~ RETiLOFFT~906 MARKET~irT"
THE LEADING LODGING-HOUSE AGENT.
Any house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST.
1O0 rooms: elegant; modern; investigate$20.000
65 rooms: corner, a bargain .' S.0O0
40 rooms; central ; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice;.. easy, terms 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $60 050 |
20 rooms; transient; clears $150 1,950 j
25. rooms; rent ?30; income $85; only..' 225
9 rooms; corner; very good J>"5
15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only 1,000
7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason St.; clears $70...... 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
906 Market St., corner Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO..
&5O Market st. and 8 Stockton St..
,~';~ - SPIKITCALISM. '
a^Htra j extra !.'•¦ -" " ¦ r~-~~~^^
BROCKWAYS independent slate writing and
psychic seance to-night; 25c; readings daily.
1052 Ellis st. ¦ -
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
. Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.,' Sun., S p. m.; 50c. .1084 Bush st.
MRS. 3. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. melum;
life reader: medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1104 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale.' 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis: readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01 ; seance Sunday and Thur.**.
DR. A. WILLARD DUNLAP and wife, clair-
• voyants — Circles Sun. and Thurs. ; C51 Jessie.
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth st..#near Guerrero. . ,. '
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings flally: test to all to-night: 10a.
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MME.~e7 BERNARD.' .
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next P^xaminer bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
pt-nings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45tiO.
ISMAR THE GYPSY ,
Has Removed To
1104 Market st.. Corner Turk. •¦¦
Ismar, the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
~ more commodious quarters in the Vendome,
1104 Market St., corner Turk, offices 9 and 10.
- where she can be consulted daily on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days 10 to 12 m. vj^* - •¦--*•
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
kettst.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect-satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: rend stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and'clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. ' J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest;> locates mines, unites sep-
arated, finds treas.\ 1007% Mkt, parlors 7-8.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 tith: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open- Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th St., room
22, second floor: horoscopes cast by mail.
HAVE you been to see that wonderfully gifted
life reader at 1035 Market st. T
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c. gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St. nr. 4th.
CAR PET
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works*^J53-357TehaimaE^
Karlson' Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 201*8.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning. works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
DENTISTS^ :>'/>i)
A — DR T. S. HIGGINS. 1)27 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain "crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
.1 do first-class work only and guarantee .4t.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 --ears' ex-
perlerce; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and Guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions ffee, $4 5o
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES Continned
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel., Grant 108; expert, reliable help. ;
JAPANESE and Chinese ¦ best : help: cook and
waiter. . 421 Post; GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
OKI'HEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell. nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
EMI'LOYJIEST -WASTED— FEMALE.
A FIRBT-CLASS Swedish cook, with best of
references, desires situation; city or country;
also a first-class 'Swedish laundress, good ref-
. erences/ 1 desires situation: city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstreas
desires situation or nurse to grown children;
good references; city or country. MISS CUL-
-_ LEN, 325 Sutter at- £
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation; Ameri-
can family; very best references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. ¦ • ¦ ¦ . '
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best of city references. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st . . ;
A STEADY, competent person wishes position
to do general housework in small family;
understands her. business; wages $20. 421
Franklin st, city. ¦'-:;
COMPETENT woman wishes position as lady's
nurse -in confinement or any other kind of
sickness: can give references if ¦- required;
wages from $10 to $15 week. 219 G. Gate ave.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as house-
v keeper or to cook for iiuen. Call 68-74 Ellis
st, room 131, between 1 and 4.
YOUNG lady wishes to do house or ' second
work. 524B Bryant St. . \,
AN excerienced nurse wishes engagements;
.surgical or confinement cases: city or coun-,
.try; reference given; reasonable. Call or ad-
: dress Lady's Nurse, 127 Seventh st.
COMPETENT North German young woman
wishes position, as nurse, lady's maid or
seamstress; first-class references. Box 4895,
Call office.
A RESPECTABLE young girl wishes house-
work in a nice family or to assist. ¦ Call at
; 34"£ Diamond st., bet. 17th and 18th.
YOUNG lady would like, situation to take caxe
of a child; no objection to country; best ref-,
erences. Box 1483. Call office.
RELIABLE Swedish woman wants work by
the day; washing or housecleanlng. 280 Turk..
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier or
.saleslady; best of references. Box 1484, Call.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third, st, near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
* to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister Bt.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * t - - ¦ .
EMPLOYMENT WAKTEP — MALE.
A SITUATION wanted to take care of private
place by a reliable man; understands garden-
Ing, care of horses and milking; good refer-
ences. Box 1696, Call office. . V
W&MAN wishes situation at general housework
in a private family; good cook; kind to chil-
dren; no postals. 47, Shipley st, bet. Third
and Fourth. ' .
MAN and wife, no children, want positions on
gentleman's, place; -good reference. Address
box 16S4, Call office. ¦
GARDENER and florist, first class, married,
no children, wants position on gentleman's
place; good reference. Address box 1B85, Call.
A FIRST-CLAPS painter, middle-aged, thor-
oughly experienced In all the branches, at
present employed as foreman, would like to
make a j change for permanent position with
a corporation or other first-class concern.
Box 1687. Call. ¦ - ¦" :
ELDERLY man wishes place to take care of
horses or cows; handy man about place; city
or country; references If required. Address
278 Natoma st. ,
COMPETENT, reliable man, 10 years' experi-
ence, wishes position as night watchman in
wholesale house or private; very best of ref-
erences. Box 1643. Call office.
ELDERLY man. sober and active, desires to
run elevator * in business house or help and
clean around some shop or factory. L. COR-
BAZ. 738 Pacific st.
MARRIED man wishes a job In wholesale or
packing-house; understands handling and
care of machinery. Address ANDERSON.
428 Sutter st. '
WANTED — By middle-aged .single man, drive
team, do chores, -work on a fruit ranch;
willing to do anything. J. BURROUGH. 417
Kearny st , -.y..-! .. -.;-. ,. *.,-.'
YOUNG colored man desires work as porter,
teamster or laborer; can furnish good refer-
ences. Box 1659. Call office. | .
WILL give $25 for a $50 position as bookkeeper,
correspondent or salesman; middle-aged Ger-
man; best references, j Box 1671," Call.
BAKER, steady young man, would like to
* work as first or second hand on bread or
cakes. 408 Linden ave.
>HELP WASTED — FEMALE: Con. :
¦ AT~cTlT~HANS~EN~&~CO.' S 429 Bush st
.1..'..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2. nurses, institution, country...... ..."....$30
. 2 waitresses, resort, see pasty here $20
Waitress, summer resort, short distance. .$20
, 20 waitresses, city, country and spring
hotels $2O-?3O
¦ . Waitress, mining town; washing & $30 & fd
a Chambermaids and chambermaids to wait, i"Q
' • FAMILY DEPARTMENT
1 , Woman with a child old enough to go to
• school, $15, fare paid; housegirl, small fara-
•. ily," city, $25, last girl nine years there;
'¦ ranch cook, .$25; housegirl, country, nice
! place, $25; others, city and country
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
A — WAITRESS, $30; 4 second girls. $25 and
1 ?20; cook. $35, no wash; cook and second girl,
: ' same house, $30 and $25; woman with a
child. $15; ranch cook; $25; boarding-house
cook. $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
...*,--; ¦*,*/;..- S 'j ¦
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEAKS
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
GIRL for general housework. Call after 10
o'clock. .770 Cole st. ¦?- ' .
GIRL to attend cigar store; hours 8 to 5; $4 per
week. ' 257 Fourth st
GIRL for chamber work, rooming-house, after
10 a. m. 3 Fulton sf., Fulton Hotel.
GIRL or middle-aged' woman for light house-
work ; good home. .1105% Howard st^
WANTED — French or German girl for house-
work. 523 McAllister st. ¦
GIRL' to do general housework, assist cooking;
wages §13 to $20. .249 Fourth st, upstairs.
GIRL for housework; 3 adults; $12. Call 377
Oak st. ... - -...-¦ ¦ ¦ -
GIRL to help in dining-room, restaurant. 515
Valencia st. .
WANTED — Waitress; steady position; good
pay; also -girl to learn. -725 Market st.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; Mr! DAVIS.
WANTED — 6 girls to learn halrdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening cla^s.
College. 233 Geary St.. roomi 13-15.
OPERATORS and girls to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
Halrdressing, massage, manicuring,* bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 94; splendid position; day, eve.
WANTED — A stenographer and typewriter;
•alary $25 monthly. S. T., box 1457, Call.
REFINED lady to travel. Box 1686. Call.
GIRL to assist with light housework; sleep
home. Apply at 2717 Union st.
WANTED — Flr^t-class waitress; $8 a week.
BREUSS Cafe, 70 Third st. r
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — First-class ironers at Oakland
' Laundry Co., 690 29th st, Oakland. '
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. " Apply at factory, 27 Geary st. -
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 541 Market st. .
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants;- steady em-
ployment B41 Market st. -
WANTED— Experienced Fhirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 635 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.* ¦
, '¦' ¦ HELP WASTED MALE.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; $40 to $75;
2 carriage woodworkers, $3 to $4 day; 2 car-
riage painters, • $1 50 to > $3 50 day; carriage
blackBmlth, $3 to $3 50 day; 2 carriage smith
helpers, $2 to $2 25 day; body 'maker, $3 to
$3 50 day; blacksmith. $2 50 day: rough car-
penters for mill Co., $C0; 2 single hand' min-
ers, $2 day and board: bench hands, wood
* turners, 3 drillers, $2 25 day. free fare; 10
laborers for mill and woods, $30 and $35 and
found; 5 lumber pliers, $60.
-J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
COACHMAN, $35; man about . place, $30; 3
HELP WASTED— MALE— Cob. |
MURRAY "&~READYTrrrrTTTphone 5848 Maia
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.. 1
> .........634-636 Clay st I
it ......Santa I'e Company's Own Work
,1 ...-. FREE FARE
50 section hands - Santa Fe R. R.
1 25 msc. for ballast gangs .... .Santa Fe R. R.
[ 15 men steel gang Santa Fe R. R.
1 45 men entian gang.. Santa. Fe R. B.
SHIP DAILY FREE
;. ;.. NEVADA STATE j
SALT jLAKE DIVISION .-••
350 teamsters, Nevada To-day
250 rockmen, Nevada. ;>..... To-day
150 concrete men, Nevada To-day
230 carpenters' helpers, mason helpers, steel ;
gang, etc t
Railroad men Ship morning and night j
LABORERS
10 laborers for factory work, near city |
5 laborers, Napa Co., $34 and found; 10 la-
borers city, 8 hours' work, $1 75; 10 laborers,
city, ?2 day; 15 laborers for mines, $30 to !
- $75; 75 men for. laboring in quarries, $60; 175
laborers for sawmills and woods, $30 to $75 !
and found ........ ..'..Ti !
DAIRIES, FARMS, ETC 1
6 men to thin and pick fruit. $26 and found; !
4 men to cut and pack asparagus, $30 and I
found; T< farmers, same fruit ranch, $26 and I
found; IS ranch teamsters, $30 to $40 and j
found; 4 haymakers; 16 vineyard hands," $2tf
to $30 and found; 5 scraper teamsters, ranch,
$26 and found; 5 men to make themselves
useful on ranch, no teaming, $26 and found;
3 butter makers; 4 cheesemakers; 18 milk-
ers, $25 to $10 and found; 14 choremen. $20
to $30 and found; 17 choreboys, etc., $12 to
*2O and found ..%..;......
MISCELLANEOUS
Choreman and groom, private place, $25 and
found; buggy washer, $60; 3- stablemen,
country. $30 and $35; stableman, north;
married etableman, country, $40 and house;
stableman, city
2 men to hand lumber, city. $2 day; boys for
factories: boys forstores; man and wife for
small boarding-house, $25 and found; farmer'
and wife; 10 teamsters, near city, $60; 16
laborers, near city, $2 day.
SAWMILLS AND WOODS •....
. 243 men wanted for different work la woods,
mills and yards, wages $30 to $75 and found,
reduced fares, send daily; shingle saw filer,
$75 and found; shingie packer, and others;
log sniper, $60 and found *..
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
3 carpenters to build boats, near city, $3 50
day; 3 bridge carpenters, $3 50 day; 4 car-
penters, near city, $3 50 day; 27 blacksmiths,
city and country, ?45 and found to $75; 2
brick molders, v mining company, $75; 2 kiln
burners, mining company's brickyard. $75;
band sawyer, city Job; 2 painters, city, $3.1
day; painter's helper, $52; wood turner, city:
gang edgerman; 2 rough carpenters, city; 10
carpenters, $3 50 day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
17 cooks, $35, $40 and $50 and found, city
and country jobs; cook for ranch, good job,
$30 and found; 4 second cooks; 4 cook help-
ers; 2 third cooks; head waiter, good hotel,
north, $35 and found; head -waiter, hotel,
south, $35: waiters for others places, city and
country. $30 to $40 and found; 25 kitchen
hands; dishwashers, vegetable men, etc., etc
Laundryman, small institution
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
HELP for the New Department Store to be
opened about Sept. 1 in the Murphy build-
ing, formerly occupied by J. J. O'Brien &
Co. Applications will be considered by the
management of the new store - for positions
-as heads of departments and subordinates,
sales people, head bookkeeper, manager of
advertising dept. manager mail order dept
and head porter.
Applications for these positions can be ',
made in person or by writing. No applica-
tion will be considered of other than experi-
enced and well recommended applicants.
Address all communications to or apply ta
person between the hours of 10 and 12 a. m. ;
and 1:30 and 3 p. m.. at room 439. Parrott
. bldg.- H. GOLDWATER.
200 LABORERS AT HUNTERS POINT: $2 -
PER DAY. CITY STREET IMPROVE-
MENT COMPANY.
WAITER wanted. Apply. at 2002 Fillmore st
before 10 a.m. . . ,
ERRAND boy. 543 Clay st.
BARBER wanted, union man; steady work.
- 479 Ninth st. '
WANTED— First-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason st. ; wages $4 a week. '
BARBERS — Union men. 2 Summer st. off
Montgomery, bet. Pine and California. \
NIGHT cashier and"bellboyto make themselves *
useful. 21) Stockton st. • ,
FOREMAN, to take charge of coat factory:
steady work' and good salary to right man.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
OPERATOR on coats. BELASCO & HARRIS
.COMPANY.
COATMAKERS: steady work; good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn ;
$1CO to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun.. St Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 16C6 Market st . .
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good ;
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
I HORSES A5D WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
I die horses, weighing from 1200 to 16C0; well-
I matched teams, thoroughly broken; come an!
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange 24tl
, Third st. WM. . G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 227 Sixth St.: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.: auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
[FOR Sale — One good business horse: stands
without hitching: about 1100 pounds; pric*»
$85. At ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
! several 'fine road and ~ business horses, new
r buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
! San Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth se3-
I slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying {<»
j M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
STALLION by Dexter Prince; settling up es-
! tate. KANE & DALY, Oakland.
WILL purchase good work horses weighing
'• 1230 to 1400. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
1 Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
j rey.harnesa.work.drivlng horses. 15th& v alecnia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
j camping wagon for sale cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO^MST. L __
A PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
N.E. cor. Sacramento and Stelner sts. ; 8-rocrn
dwelling; grounds; conservatory; modem
. plumbing; rent low.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. .
$11 — SUNNY house; 5 rooms; basement aal
yard. Key 2223 Geary st.
HALLS TO LET. p
FOR rent— Teutonla Hall. 1332 Howard st. bet.
Sth and 10th, for a term of years; barroom.
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
HAG KM ANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
INVESTMENTS. ** ¦
THE investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery rtj
S. F. Call or write for partlcrUars.
LOST 'AMP FOPyP^
LOST — Collie bitch, broken oat with mange.
Will pay liberal reward If returned or noti-
fied at 115 Halght st. ; phone Fell 6811.
LOST — Waltham watch between Park and Su-
tro line; good reward. MISS J. a. 1313
Webster st. -
LEFT satchel In express wagon at 28th and
Folsom Friday eve. 54 Prospect ave.; reward.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, strayed from
1503 Buchanan st Liberal reward for return.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nla Watch Case Ca. 220 Satter st., needs oil
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1887: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Herta. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
st; teL Bush 421.
Bra is. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter,712 Mission :tel.Maln 730.
MEDICAL. _V=
A — DR. CDONNELL. world-renowned spec'al-
1st — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
esses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. 'Dr. G. W. CDON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS D. WYETH— Well-known reliable ladles"
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to 6 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008H Market st. opposite 5th st
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known ladles* special-
ist. 30 years" experience, removed to 1008',i
Market st. opp. 5th ; hours fi to 5 and 7 to 8.
"THERE is health In the pines" — Klnney's
* Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy — "K. R. K.
R.," distilled from the buds and berries of
our forest trees, not the balsam, but the es-
sence. If you suffer do not hesitate to try
this little remedy. Per bottle 73c by mall —
stamps. Address P. O. box 714, Los Angeles.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero st, near 18th —
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinement j
$15; room and- board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
A — DR. ROSEN, the eminent specialist, treats
all female troubles and complaints; menstrual
difficulties corrected; positive relief in all
5 cases taken; ladles by consulting him obtain
proficient service and skill and the best re-
sulta. 1007% Market st. near Sixth.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment Moved from
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices: in all parts of city.
.SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK. x
16 r. ; rent $30: rms. sunny: good loc.& fur.$600
11 r.; rent $50; Al loc; hardwood filr... 350
36 r. ; tine loc.; 45 boarders; clears $200.. 3500
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
GOOD transient house; new furniture.... $1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 750
100 rooms. ; country; transient; low rent. f>500
300 rooms: corner house; for men..-. 5000
50 rooms: offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
1 35nns.; Howard;- rent only $65; terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hoteis. houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market et.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
priceE. in all parts of the city.
11 rooms: good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950 I
8 rooms; eunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and -
Loan Money at lowest rates. ¦
Something new. every day.
New houses to lease. .-/¦/
FLAT finely furnished; will sell at tremendous
sacrifice; give ftrms suit purchaser.- MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery st, room 4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house, 19 rms.; rent $75; clears $135;
$1300. -Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
"STREET railway strike" does not change r the
list .of bargains offered in lodging-houses
during the present week by -
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. Sth & Cth sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
WINSTON & WOLF. ~~ ~~~
1020 Market st.
100 rooms; rent $212; modern and new. .. '.$6800
53 rooms; downtown; new; see this..... $4800
3S rooms; rent $S5: a money-maker $1900
34 rooms; rent ?IO9; just lifted $1900
20 rooms; new; central: reduced to $14. r i0
A — Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms. 1-2.
-:..-% Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list cf lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. "
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
"country. It will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is in sight.
12 ROOMS: oak and cherry furn; rent $55: .$350
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 650
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 COO
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St.. room 20S.
IF you have a rooming or apartment house for
' sale or If you want to borrow money at the
lowest rate of Interest, call on TOMLINSON
&. CO , rm. 10, 105 Ellis st. (Glasgow block).
TRANSIENT house. 11 rooms; rent $45; down-
town central location: neat clean and well
furnished; it I? a beauty: I must sell quick;
bargain at $1000. Box- 4974. Call office.
CO ROOMS; pleasant sunny corner; modern
family hotel; furnishlncs expensive; liberal
r>-y*>nr lease;- must be sold. Particulars box
•1CC7. Call office. -¦ ¦
A FINE house of 25 rooms for only $1100:
lease: low rent; small cash payment. RYAN
& O'ROURKE. 819 Market: phone Mint 8C5.
75 LODGING-HOUSES for sale, from $200 to
$6000; good locations; bargains: snaps; in-
vestlsate. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
FURNISHED flat, 5 rooms complete; rent
$17 50; for sale at a bargain. Apply on
premise*. 23G Fourth Et. "-JSSBB
MONEY to loan on roomlnc-houses; 28-room
houfe. only S1000. part cash. Room- 31, 819
Market st. ¦¦¦¦..: - . -.
COLLECTION^OFFICES. ~~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^cBarge
unless f-accesuful. Room 310. 027 Market nt:
COTTAGES- TO LET. .
MENU) "(Fair Oaks)— New Cottage, " 7 : roomsT
bath, t umiBhed. A. R. HARRISON, 78 Geary.
9 to 2. J.V>\ THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
EON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrsj; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full sef : all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st, — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bu?h —
Full eet of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st. —
•Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. - ¦
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTItESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. \
in^ATS^S~^CH^OL^F^L^CT^ICAiriil?5i^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. *
SUMMER term night school for men. Y. M. C.
A. building — Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
lish, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing, naval architecture, steam engineering;
special tuition for special courses. Call at
Association building for particulars.
A— $50: LIFE scholarship at AYRES" BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 723 Market St., pays for
¦ . the combined -commercial and shorthand
courses; new typewriters; positions secured ;
catalogue free. •
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st, on or about May 1. 1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses -complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE ' LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
*der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners / and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 00-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st. i .
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business. College, 1 236 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. '
SPANISH. French, etc.Prof. De Fil Ippe' sAcademy
of Ljanguages.320Post;estab'dl871 -ablest profs.
Harpist,* only teacher West.deslres pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting;, individual in-
structton; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1 mo. 42G O'Farrell; phone Pine 43::.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,- nr, 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by - mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class
BARKER'S Academy.: 723 Market St.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. •
founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free. ;;¦'.*!
KLEVATOKS. —
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. JiE.Uppnort,5C!j Mission; tel. John 3850.
, EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. -. ~~
A — JAPANESE reliable;, housecleanlng, cooks
and wa I ters furnished at short notice. Geo.
KlnoBhlta. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tei.Fell 8501. j
JAPANESE ¦ Intelligence Of flee— Furnish moat
¦ reliable. help. 624 Bush st-.; tel. v Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab/ 20' years. -I
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay, j
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wishes posl-
- tlon in hotel or boarding-house. Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place. . ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Et. . *
K1NAMCIAL.
5U.990 SHARES of the capital stock of the
Flores Hale & Co. were sold at auction on .
March 21st; the time for confirmation of the
sale by the Superior Court has been set for
April 28th at 2 o'clock p. m.. In Department
9; any person may appear In Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, if the price is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure the property. For other
property of the estate for sale same day see
•'Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. For all infor-
mation apply to ¦ •
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Eftate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
22. Chronicle building.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stpek Issues o,f new en-
. terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an . up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come In on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacifi-;
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st. ; established 1892. .-:
_ _ FLATS TO LET\ ~~~
CARL," 257, near Stanyan — New elegant modern
sunny fiat; basement and yard; near Park.
$22 — SUNNY corner flat. 6 rooms, bath. 2051-
Fifteenth St., corner Sharon.
FLAT. 479 Chestnut St., near Powell: 5 rooms,
bath; $15.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975 — New upper sunny
modern flat; 5 rooms and bath; no children.
LOWER .flat; 3 choice, -sunny rooms; pantry.
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay st, near Fillmore.
MODERN flat, fi rooms, bath, yard, basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st.
NEAR New City Hall; flat, 5 rooms and bath;
6& Grove st. *
FINE, -2132—0 rooms,- bath; air modern: large
back yard; fine basement.. Owner, 2134 Ping.
UPPER corner flat. 6 rooms and bath ; $25.
- Corner Post and -Baker sts.
$18 30 — FINE fiat, 6 rooms and bath. 42l
Tenth St.- . , ¦ " .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED. ~
POIJC. ,1002— Flats of 2 to 6 rooms for house-
keeplng;. complete. • :*.* *-; ¦:
TOR SALE. •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, ?48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
' -/FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner b:«r. .
A. WOLLPERT. 773~Mlsslon st, pays -highest
prlco for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. .
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world?
¦ warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HEM' WANTED— FEMALE.
HEAD waitress, mountain resort, $35. , r
MRS. M. E.- DAY. . . ..... ..... . . .335 Geary
FOUR waitresses, same first-class commercial •
hotel, §25 land found. ' ' ¦' ¦ .
MRS. M. E. DAY. : . . ... . . . . . . : . .335 Geary. .
20 .WAITRESSES, first-class springs resorts, f
b commercial and 1 city hotels, ?25 and $20. :
U1RS. M. E. DAY.. ............. .335 Geary. :
NURSE, one baby, $20; norse, 2 children, $25. I
-". ¦ MRS. . M. E. D A Y . :...:...... 335 , Geary. :
A* MAN and wife for . ranch, $40 to $45. ' ' / , ' "
MRS. M. ; E. DAY.'. . . ........ . . . .335 Geary. '
EXPERIENCED operators,* also girls about 10 '.
. to learn; paid while learning. Reynolds Mus- '
; lln Underwear ,Mfr., E97* Mission, corner 2d.
TOUNG lady.'u work ' In store and house. 350 i
Duncan st, (between 29th and 27th sts..
YOUNG \ girl * for t light '. housework ; ¦ call :- after i
• 9 a. ; m. 1053 , Market St.. ¦ upstairs. -, u •
AN operator on^pants;" steady work.* '36 Geary 1
et., room 33. ' '•¦¦¦. - * ¦¦-' -
¦¦-.v : ¦- ,v • " " ; . ' !
farmers and wives, $35. $40 . and $50 and
. found: farmers, $25 and $30; ranch teamster,
$35; ranch foreman, $50; cheesemaker and
wife, $45; 2 cheesemakers, $35 and $40; milk-
ers, $30; groom, $30; boy for paint shop, $4
week and increase: teamsters and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER, $45 to $50; hotel steward, country,
$40; assistant for country hospital, $30; 3
boarding-house cooks, $35 and $40; cook's
• helper, country hotel, $30 to $35; cook and
wife, $50; waiters, dishwashers and' others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.*"
AN errand boy for this office. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st., near Call Bldg.. phone Buah 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 teamsters. Nevada.... $2 to ?2 25 per day I
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day I
60 concrete men .' .$2 25 per day '
S. P. Co.'s own work south
20 men for extra gangs $160
20 section hands $1 60
' FREE FARE FREE FARE
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber wood*-,
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
20 railroad laborers.. $20 per mo. and board
For New Logging Camp.
20 swampers $35 per month and board
/ 50 crosscutters. timber fellers. . Jeckscrew
, men, chain tenders, barkers, etc ;.
• $40 to $55 par month
Edgerman. . . : f> per, day
Head setter £j per day
i°.. lu J nber pUer8 •••5 (!0 P er month
10 laborers, 8 hours $1 /5 per >Ur
10 labcicrs, quarry, board at h-jme. .*2 day
4 ranch hards. ........ .$1 per day and board
Mai a*:i wife for ranch ...$45
Second cook, French restaurant. S12 per week t
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENC'/,' C9 Third st.
AJ 1 C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S... .429 Bush st.
- .New Railroad Work
........: For * Nevada
2000 tearrnters and laborers, $2 to $2 25 a day
100 concrete laborers .... .$2 a day
• ...... .For Chatsworth Park
500 tunnelmen, drillers, header and muckers
for 3 new tunnels, day work, $2 60 a day....
C00 outside laborers, same place, $1 75 a dav
. ..'.....SHIP DAILY \ i
FREE FARE . . FREE FARE . . FREE. FARE
Carpenter to build portal for tunnel, ?2 50 a
. day; ¦. engineer to. run compressor, railroad
. tunnel, $."{(» and "board: 20 laborers, near city,
?2 a day: 6 blacksmiths, i country. $2 to $2 50
a day; 20 farmers,- choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....."!.
Head cook; country hotel, $75: bread baker,
• country. $50; pantryman- for hotel, Nevada,
$35 to $40: second cooks, fryers ar.d broilers.
$40 to ,$(J5; dishwashers, kitchen. hands and
others .........~
¦ Male Kntra nee, 12 Berry «t ......
C: R. HANSEN & CO 423-Bush St.
WANTED— First-class brass' finisher; one who
is thoroughly familiar with marine and other
work of that character. . Address MORAN
BROS. COMPANY. Seattle, Wash.
WANTED — A reliable man for a permanent es-
tablished ; business; will - pay $10 per week;
experience not necessary; must have $125
cash. Apply 705 Market st.. room 3.
STEADY." sober man to tend cigar store: no
night or Sunday work; require $73; full value
given. Particulars 257 Fourth St., corner
Folsom, cigar factory. ..
WANTED— A compositor who can run platen
presses; sit. steady; state wages. Address
. Printer, Call office, Oakland. *
BARBER— Good, steady'-'lnan ; also neat ap-
I pearinj? young man; about 3 years' experience.
167Nlnth st.
WANTED — Errand boy. Apply HOLM- &
NATHAN, 512 Market st. .
TAILOR wanted at 1241 Kentucky et.
LUNCH waiter, northeast' corner Bay and
Powell; call early. ...'..
LUNCH waiter wanted: $3 a week; 11 to 2.
1224 Point Lobos.ave. ;.
WANTED — Solicitor. Call at 1322 . Pacific st.
..between, 8 and 10 a.m. • ¦ .-
WANTED— Immediately, 2 paperhangers; 8
a. m. to-day.* . D. M'RAE, 837 Mission st:
I ¦ WISH a' good barber shop combined with
; cigar.- store. Box 1697, Call office.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1905 Fillmore Bt., near
1 Bush.:.*>: s .-. .- ¦:• ¦-- . - - * .,.•. .-„-.
WANTED — 2 plumbers; steady work. 1229
Pierce st* t v
inch; able to speak aijd read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — Good carpenter and cabinetmaker
for casket factory: must be willing to assist
generally in undertaking department; steady,
single man preferred: permanent position to
right man. Address, stating experience, etc.,
box 1077, Call. .-,
WANTED — An up-to-date advertiser; one who
can carry on a campaign successfully and
be able to write ads for special sales; East-
ern man preferred; state age and salary ex-
pected. Box 1477, Call office.
WANTED — An experienced boys' and chil-
dren's clothing salesman. Apply 7:30 a. m.
' Saturday at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. 718 Mar-
ket st. ' '¦ '
WANTED— Horseshoer with $100 to Join a
practical man in big paying shop; horse,
cart and $150 stock*; -good chance for suitable
party. P. S. DE LUCA. 31S Kearny st
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
- mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLEK'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. K?5 Clay ft. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS. ';,
SALESMAN who can sell goods wanted for
wholesale drug house; must have Al refer-
ences. Address Box 1C68. Call office.
BOY wanted who understands quarter binding,
- and make himself generally useful. 422 Sac-
ramento st
EARNEST young man willing to work for hU
tuition. -California Business College. 305
Larkln st. * -¦'¦.'<.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended: no cigarette smokers. Box 492S, Call.
WANTED — An assistant bookkeeper at $60 a
month "who will make himself worth more-
give references. R. E. F.. box 1432, Call. '
BARBER shop, 3 chairs and baths; finely furn-
lshed; in nearby town; old stand; price very
/ reasonable. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Man with $150 for cigar stand- $70
month; no experience.. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
ket st. . .
TOUNG men . and boys to wo?k on telescope
cases. Cor. Seventeenth and Shotwell su
. trunk factory. "'
BOY wanted, about 16: reference reouired
SAHLEIN'S Millinery. 873 Market st
PARTNER wanted; -light. business: $150 cash-
good chance for young man^ 40 Ellis, nn. 13*
WANTED — Jewelry salesman to sell new souv-
enir spoon on commission. Box 1662, Call
WANTED-At 630 Market Mt., ex-soldiers to
solicit and do clerical work. O. E. HOWE
STRONG boy for general work; waees SS
...COOPER'S. 746 Market at. . wages 50.
WAXTED-A clean, steady waiter. Ill Lar-
W^It ED ~ WaS ° n blacksmUh - M7 Brannan
FIFTY quarrymen. $2 per day. Apply 0 gut-
ter St.. second floor, j J?T- - ¦>. -
1 coata; steady work; itood pay.
FIR^T-CLASS tailors; good pay steady em-
ployment. Ml Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants: steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment.
YOUNG man to do. janitor work for his tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write" SHERWOOD.
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Post.O.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2oc
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d gts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Builis. room 40, Phelln
big. Past Cfrra. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
ALL sizes men's shoes. - slightly damaged, half
price. B63 Mission at. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. ( 25c night; reading rooms;
free "-us and baggage to and from ferry.
122S to 1126 Market at.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN. ladies' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D.ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. C. TILLMAN. 1206 Mission St.. near Sth—
¦ Reliable ladles" specialist; 10 yTS." experience.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drag store. Clay A Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 10QJ% Market st. nr. SixtsJ
treats ladies only; relief In all cases takenY
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all dlaeases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and tint In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la the
United States or Canada one year for It.
;: A^E^yj--^ORJJALB.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinerr " MeMl
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197. Fremont st
40 H. P. BOILER and engine, complete.. $550
20 H. P. boiler and engine, complete.... 30O
8 H. P. boiler and englnrf, marine 250
3 H. P. boiler and engine, marine 200
12 H. P. boiler, upright, complete- ... 125
10 H. P. boiler, upright, complete 10O
S H. - P. boiler, upright, complete ...... 7©
6-H. P. boiler and engine.' complete... 15O
1 Dow pump. 5-inch suction. 4-inch dis-
charge : 150
3 H. P. boiler and engine 65
* H. 8. WHITE. 130-132 Beaie Bt
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes shafting pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear St.
BAR fixtures; big atock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652. Mission.
FOR sale at 600 block. Battery, near Pacific—
Second-hand bricks, any quantity, at low
figure; parties must call at once. " -
FOR Sale — 20 to 25 head cows and heifers:
good for beef or stocking; Jerseys and Hol-
stelns. J. F. PERL. Angel Island. -
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
$10 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; In good con-
dltlon. • 1571 Market st.. near Twelftn.
FOR Sale — Second-hand Columbia bicycle; la
I good order: cheap. 141 Thirteenth st
XEW beer pump for Ale; cheap.' Inquire 160?
Folsom st. ¦ * .
$5 — NEW. Home; good condition. 1571 Market.
near Twelfth: teL Howard 3083.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-clast harness^
shop. B. M A ART. VaUey Ford Cal. '
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
Fdison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupt. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboeta carried In stock.
TAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN 3 A FE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand m.ichinery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasf-rs.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market str
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 .Post st
ENGINE? and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beaie st.
MISCELLANEOUS ¦ WA5TS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin* coats: aiso gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 454.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
WANTED— To buy pawn ticket for diamond; 1
, karat and, upward. Box 1«X>, Call office.
PRIVATE party wants a few nice diamonds;
small or large. Box 1443. Call.
RELIABLE party wants a few nice diamonds-^
• small or larce. Box 1413. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
Wanted— 2d-har.d electric motors, all sis««. any
condition. Faro*worthEIectricalWks..418Turk.LONDON MARKET
SLOWLY REVIVES
American Securities Con;
' tiriue to; Hold- Public ;
Attention/
Dull Week on Berlin Bberse
and General Weakening ;
ill IT<tI JLO.
LONDON, April 27.— There was fair
trading on the Stock Exchange last; week
on the growing conviction that peace was
In • sight, , but the tightness of the censor
ship I deprived the market of news upon
which active speculation" would otherwise
have flourished. The market continues to
increase its Indebtedness to the bank, and
there Is small prospect of speedy repay
ment. The bank is buying up whatever
gold, is available in the open market, and
is therefore in a fairly strong position.
The week, in . American securities 1 was
rather exciting, and there .were various
interpretations of the activity of. the John
W. Gates contingent. Coalers were strong,
especially .Reading. Canadian Pacific rose
sharply in connection with the shipping
combine. Silver ,is still nervous and un
settled on continued Chinese sales. •
BERLIN, April 27.— The characteristic
feature of the * Boerse - during , the .last
week was the growing ease of money
without a resultant animation in specula
tion, consequently the monthly settlement
Is passing. under the easiest money rates
perhaps ever known in Berlin. The series
of annual reports "up ' to- the end_ of .1501,
which has been published ¦ in the course
of the past two months, has disappointed
the public. Hence the tendency to sell
Industrial holdings, the « result of I which
was manifested during the last week in
the general decline of industrial shares. .
. The reports of the Iron market repre
sent that situation to be quieter, but the
export demand remains strong, particu
larly to the United States, . which is
buying more billets and plates, while the
Southern States are buying more rails.
Iron shares declined generally. The coal
trade did not show improvement, j and
coal shares weakened. The most ani
mated stock during the week was again
Canadian Pacific, which continued to be
bought heavily for English and American
account. '
The crop reports of the empire v show
that good conditions prevail everywhere.
SUPREME CHANCELLOR
TENDERED RECEPTION
E. M. Johnson of Denver Talks of tbo
Work of the United .
Moderns. . .
There was a large ettendance Saturday
ni?ht in Occidental Hall, 305 Larkin
street, of the United Moderns and their
friends to tender a public reception to
Supreme Chancellor } K. M; Johnson of
Denver, Colo., the head of the order. The
visitor was Introduced by A. C. Green
field, chancellor of California Lodge. ,
Mr. Johnson gave a most interesting
lecture on the order which he represents,
ami then talked of the protection that a
man of caution places over' his home to
provide against the fear of -poverty in
case he is taken from his family. By
means of charts he explained, that protje
tion in a manner that made it most clear
to his auditors. By the same means he
explained the manner in which the United
Moderns conduct business and carry out
the principles of protection. ;>'.
His remarks were listened to with much
attention and were loudly applauded.
After the address there was a ball.
To Visit San Francisco
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like vleltlngr Europe without see
ing Paris. It Is a leading: feature of San
Francisco. It U a marvel of -beauty and,
elegance. It is unquestionably the most
magnificent jewelry emporium In the
world— the splendid conception of' a mas-
ter mind, a controlling genius. Artistic
taste and skill challenge competition here.
To be appreciated it must be seen. Every
visitor and resident should go and exam
ine the marvels of .genius at 221 Mont
gomery street, A. Andrews, proprietor. •
W earner Report.
. - — ¦ — ...
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time,)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 27— 0 p. m.
• The following are the seasopal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same' date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-feur hours:
. \ ¦ Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka Trace. 47.61 44.70
Bed Bluff.... .12 30.49 ' 22:68
Sacramento .00 1C.74 17.50
Ban Francisco .00 ¦ ¦ 17.84 18. BO
Fresno ". .00 6.78 " 10.39
Independence .00 4.29 5.gl
San Luis Oblspo..... .00 - 21.0.J. 27.87
Los Angeles .00 10.50 14.18
San Diego.....:.... .: .CO : B.ll - lO.bO
San Francisco data:" Maximum temperature,
55; minimum, 46; mean, 50.
¦ Temperature — Jr. m., 46. '.'.-¦ ¦¦--¦•_ • : ¦; ,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. ;. . .,;
' Generally cloudy ' weather prevails over the
northern portion of the 'Pacific slope and fair
jver.the southern. Light scattering: showers
have fallen in Washington. . High westerly
(vinds.have occurred In Nevada. Southeastern
California and Northern Arizona. ' :
The temperature and pressure changes have
been slight and irregular In all districts. The
temperature Is slightly below, the normal, over
,hc Pacific slope except in Arizona.
Forecatt made at San Francisco for thirty
lours ending midnight. April 28, 1D02:
Northern California— Partly cloudy and some
what threatening, probably showers on the ex
treme northern coast Monday; fresh to brisk
westerly wind.'- ¦ • .' • ' ,
Southern California — Fair Monday, with fog
in the coast in the morning; fresh westerly
ivlnd. ¦ ' . .
. NevodaT-Partly- 'cloudy Monday; ' ' brisk ; to
ij«h west to north wind. , > ,
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
ind somewhat threatening; fresh westerly
Wind. :-*..• G. H. WILLSON, :•
. Local Forecast Offlnial.
HOTEL ARBIVAXB.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C H Shlnn. Niles I
8 8 Murphy,- Geyservll
A Macdonald. N Z- -:
It H Jenness, Sausallto
C T Whlttlesey, Chicaa
J K Oliver, Del Mont»
O.O 'Allen, Neumnn
C A' Clancy. Seattle
J W Glllen, Seattle . i
J,H Schrelber. Chicago ',
IE? L IF Coonan, . Loulsvl
E Lamb,, St Louis .
Mrs Drake, Mexico
Mrs : Cochran. Wagner
J -L Haines, - Colorado
Bare ton &¦ w, Ariz
E .' N. Ramsey, New Or
J C McKlttrick, Texas :
G B Donn & w, • Cal
H M ' Kjasey. ; Toronto
No. Prize. |No. Prize. IXo. Priie.
68842...... 20168976..... 20 69013..... 20
69019..... 20 65)065..... 20 69119..... 100
69318 20 69368 20 69380 20
6»728 2069737 20 69779 ,20
69831.. V.." -20 69896..... 4070052..... 4O
70115;.... ¦ -20 70153....; 20J70220..... 20
70245...... 20 70322 20 70397..... 10O
70434..... 200 70725 40|70774..... 20
70790.. i.. 20 70877 20170909 40
71034 2071164 20I7U73 20
71352.....' 40 71375 20171443..... 20
7146S I 2071352 100171616..... 20
71689..... 4071756 40171794 40
72056 40 72083..... 40t72135 100
72247 : 2072492.. ... 40172640 40
72775 '20 72781 40I72S78..... 20
72955 40173012 40173022 20
73103...'.. 20 73108..... 100173164 • 100
73274..... • 20 73412..... 20 73421 10O
7357j • 2073733..... 2073943..... 20
74010...... 4074032 4fl 74360 20O
74421 20 74452..... 40 74803..... 20
7495«..... 2©i74O»l ' 40i75645 -2O
75128..... 20 75159 20175197..... 10O
73245..... 200 75239..... " 20175337 20
753<3..... 20075403 40 75471 40
78680 4075742 1C0I75750 20
75788..... 4075S9C "100175900....". 2l»
76025..... 500 76106 40176204 100
76372. ..... 4076639 20|76«89 4O
76736 40 76S61 20J77013 2W»
77117 .20 77143 40i77203 2O
77354 40 77:177 100 77409 40
77443..... 100 77479 20177713 40
77812..... 40 77835..... 20178140 100
78181..... 20 78221..... 20 78471..... 100
78478 20 7S576 20178633 40
78713 20 78747 407S801 40
79342.'.... 20 79617 20179695..... 2O
79S49.:... 2079854 20179946 100
79987; 100 - -'. | ,, ...:,. ,,i v
APPROXIMATION PRIZES,
100 numbers from 66700 to 56800 tncjustve, be-
In? 50 numbers on each aide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $60,000, $60.
100 numbers from 31690 to 31690 inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000. $40.
100 numbers from 17595 to 17695 Inclusive,
being: 60 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000. $20.
TERMINAL PRIZES,
799 numbers endiner with 50. be In s the last
two figures of the number drawlne the capital
prize of $60,000, $20. .
799 numbers- endlnr with 40. belngr the last
two figures of the number drawlnr ths capital
prize of $20,000, $20.
No. 56730 draws first capital prize of $60,000,
sold in New Orleans, La.; Curacao, JD. W. J.;
Chiceto. 111. i
-No. 31640 draws second capital crlzs of
$20,000. aold in Dallas. Texas; New York. N.
y.: St. Louis. Mo.
No. 17645 draws third capital prize of
$10,000. sol4 in ValDaraiso. Chile; San Kran
cisco. Cal,; St. Louis. Mo.
' Ncm. ' 6163. 13640. 31111. 39670 and 84070
draw each $1000, sold in Beaumont. Texas;
Kew Tork, N. Y.; St. Louis, Mo.; Chicago.
111.; Monterey, Vera Cruz. V. C; Mexico CUy,
and EvanavlHe, Ind. -
JOSE U.DBLA. VEGA.
.. .-•••¦-i' Treasury' Department.
. U. BASSETTI. Manager.
9 ' Per E. BERTHIER,
Acting: Manager.
;¦;-, :- ££; JUAJI B. CASTELLO,
Intervenor.
NUMBERS
-OF THE-
Beneficencia Publica
(Class "D.")
City of Mexico. April 24, 1 90^.
No! ' Prize.lNo. Prize. No. './. Prize.
47 40 52...... 600 68..... 40
206..... 20 224..... .40 243..... 20
268.,... 20 294..... 20 344..... 100
4S7..'... . 20 647 20 730..... 40
• 038: 20 1074 40 11*4..... 20
1220..... 40 1251 20 1440.'.... 40
1453 - 40 1663..... — 20 1«78 40
1709 ¦ 20 1712.:... 40 1787..... '20
-¦4860 20 2200 20 2341 200
2531..... 20 2764 - 40 287tf..... 40
2097..... 100 3025..... : 20 3029 . 20
3044,.... . 40 3115 20 3180..... 40
3189 20 8220...... 100 5450.;... 20
3454 100 3489..... 40 3682 40
4085 40 4097..... "40 4143. ...i 20
4236 40 4309 40 4349..;.. 200
4390 40 4443..,.. ." 20 4445..... 20
4478 100 4649 20 4776..... 100
4336..... 20 4918..... 20 5012..... 40
5456 , 40 5461..... 200 6512. ....- 100
6601 40 6865 , 40 6983..... 40
6001..... 20 eois.; ../ 200 eiss 20
: 6293 20 6543 . 20 6596 20
6613 "20 '6726... .V 20 6750..... 20"
6911 -20 6925..... 20 C038 4»
C971..... 20 7143 20 7173..... .20
7317..... 20 7328 40 7580 20
7590..... 20 7710 '-.40.7851..... 20
7966 - 40 8016 40 8041..... 100
8043 20 8074 100 8163 100O
8252 ; 100 8436..... 20 8492..... 20
\ 8589 20 8701 20 9057 100
-9129 20 9195 ' 40 9237..... 500
9304 40.9533 20 9380 j 20
9761:.... 40 9905 20 10014 100
10051..... 100 10152...... 20 1030& 20
10312..... 2010364 4010421..... 40
10641 40 10753..... 100 10814..... 40
10831..... -40 10845 10010953 20
lfiOtio 20 11370 20 114C6 2O
11601..... 10011608 10011685..,.. 20-
U704 2011794 2011945..... 20
11955 20 12132 20 12180 40
12388...,. 2012424 •2012544..... 20
12584 4012673 2012716,.... .20
12918 100 13290..... 2018320 30
13346..... 20 13412..... 20 13465. ..... '20.
13572 20 13632 20 13640 100O
13707 4014002 .40 14117 20
14141 20 14188 2014524..... 20
14694:.... 2014608 100 14915. »... -20
14945..... 20 15170..... 10015209..;.. 100
15314 100 15482. 10015499 20
15526 2015692 .v 20 15793..... .20
15794 •20 16820.....'' 20 15896 ' 2Q
15930 60015952 4016111..... 20
16183. .... 200 16192. .... 20 16256. 2«
16339..... 100 16407..,.. 4016411..... 4O
16426 4016567 . 4016597...;. 600
167rfO 4016819..... 20 17045....: 20
17106..,., 20 17333 201733S..... 20
17609 : - 40 17645..... 10000 17712..... 40
18011..... t 20 18020..... 4018076. 20
18155 20182641 .4018373 4Q
18432..... • 2018588...... 2018693..... 40
18719 2018029..... 10019149 .40
19412..... ' 4019606 40 19623: 40
J9631..... 20 19S04..... 4019843..... 100
20000 10020083,.... 40 20100 20
20179..... 2020208..,.. 2020226 20
20241 40 20274..:.. 20 20350.,... 40
20442 2020470...'.. 20 20625 20
20726..,.. . 2020789 .100 20930..... 20
21124. .'... 100 21139 40 21159 20
21295..... -4021302 20 21410 100
21442 20 21489....; 20 21492..... 20
2ieO6...... 40 21621,-.... 20 21687 20
21690 60021709 .20 21739 20
21892 20 22121..... 40 22211. 20
22352 2022558..... 20 22*501 20
22800 4023288 40 23427 20
23487 2023635 2023813..... 20
23929 10024077 2024078..... .200
24275 4024304..... 20 24468.'.... 20
21615. ' 2W24622..... 40 24644...... 100
24655 2024886 20 24782 • 206
24840 4024855 40 24951 20
25080..;... 4025209 40 25231 20
25257 10025339 20 25459 20
255S0 20123866. 20 25004. 20
26158..... •_ 2026221 20 20465 40
26492..... \20 26536 40 26713 . 40
27009 .4027023 20 27321..... t v40
2744B 4027740 20 27960 < 20
27971 -20 28127 100 28177..... '20
28201 2028276..... 2028348..... 20
28354..... 402S522 ' 402S542..... 40
28700 20 28730.".... 20 28789..... 20
28S57 • 4028887 . 40 29054/ 40
29088..... 20 29341 . 20 29690. 100
29707 40 298S7 40 29982 20
30053.'.. ;. 200130105 2030143..... 40
80177 20130203 40 3042S 40
30493..... '20130719 40 30760..... 20
30792 '.. 20 30827 20 30859 20
80908 - 100 30972 40 31111 1000
31173, 40)31323..... 20 31327 20
31334 40131370 20 31460 20
31577 ¦¦'¦ 20J31640 20000 31786 200
31989..... 20 32038 20 32123 40
32145..... 20132436 40!324<38 .20
32573 600132502 20132604 20
82676 40133032 20 33189 20
33324..... 40 33399 . 20133525 40
3352« •, 20 33769.....' 20 33800 100
8.1020 . ¦•-, 20 3393H...... 100 33945..... 40
33973 ". -300I330M . . . C."~ 20 34101 . 40
342JU '„.'-¦ 2013*800 20 34335 20
34503 20134754 20 34923 100
34938 '. . 20135060. .... '20 33227 20
35284 20135301 20 33387. CO
3545S 20135003 40 35545..... 40
35589 20135654: 40 35797 20
35815..... - 40135807 2013(5016 40
36151 40I3625E 20136358..... 100
30403 2013P607 2OI.16797 20
SB8.11 201X6857 4t;»flS83 20
37152 20137183 40137289 2*1
37318 - - 20I.T7389. . . : . 200 37523 20
37<*>93 40137686..... 40 37713 20
37772..... 20 38166... .. 20 382S6 40
38319 20 38405 100 SMM 20
S8456 4O.TS387 100 38625 40
38673 100 3KS17 40 38305 20
38O5H5 2039041 2030043..... 40
39113 20 39187 20 39223..... 40
39225 20139250 40 39260 40"
39341..... 20130407, .... 40139583 20
396.17 20 39670 1000138757 20
39S01 40139903. 600 40079..... 20
10178 20 40233..... 20 40271 20
4O2S9 40 40007..:.. 100 40318 20
40803...... 4040986 100 40996..... 20
41031 20141047 40 41217 20
41360..... 100141400..... 20 41413 20
41663. ..*; 20 41090 40 41741..... 40
41824 10O 41S51 . . . . . 2042029 20
42126 40 42203 20 42240..... 200
42274 • 100 42284 20 42346..:.. 20
42379 40 42424. 40 42434..... 20
42439 20 42565 20 42702..... 100
42793 20 42884 40 42917 20
43143 2040217....; 100 43308 40
43355 20 43371 -- 40 43385 100
43397 2043657 20 43717 20
43S29 . 20 43929 20 44165...'.. 40
44351 .200144435..... 2044493..... -20
44526 V-.20I ...
44636..... 40144840 20 44877;.... 20
44922..'... 200 44990 20 45217 20
4K558...... 40|45«43..... 20 45809;.... 40
45S2B 20145840 20 46170. ....40
4R197..... 20|4«538 • 40 46346..... 20
46674..... 20146770..... 20 46772". 40
4fiS17. . . . . 20I4C989 . 20 47001 ; iO
47023 20147131 . . ... 20147142 20
47223. ....• 10QI4725O. .... 20147280 40
47350...'.. "-' 4047421 V 20 47429 40
47408 40i47500. . . . . 100 47587 20
47034 2047803 . 200 47906....'. 100
4S093. 100HS112. .,../ 2048256 100
4$272 " 100 48.10C.'. . : . 40 48335 20
484741 200(4*531. 20 4S6O» 20
48R5B-... . 10OI4SO17..... 20 48943 ICO
4S963* ... 40148083: . ... - - 20U9011 40
49042..... 40140056...... 20 491G7.; .... 40
49176. '.-... N 40 49317...:/ 20149325:/... 4rt
4n3M..... ' 20 43383.'..., 100 40422...,. 40
49448 100 49457...... 20149576..... 100
49532..... 40149605 - 20149714..... 20
4990$ 40S0382.....' 40150408 .100
M)C57 -. 20 50916 40100948....; t 40
SUBS. ...... 200131173 40151469 40
61701 .. ,- . . 20 51748. .-. .'. 40151834: .... 20
51871 40 51883..... 20 51969 40
52082 20(52093. .... 40 52101 . . .". . 40
f.2140 200I522S6. . . . . 20 52408 20
P2527..... 20I525S5..:..' 20152593...,: 200
B2820.:..Vj 20152395..,..', • 100153086 20
53215 20153305..... 40153355..... 10O
63442 '500158535..... '40i'535fi»,.. .. 20
63570 20153703 4OI53751. 2O
KJ753. ...... 10053781..... 20153362..... -40
53973 20I6398S.:... 20154152. : 200
54180..... .40 54367 100154468 " ?0
34543.....'. 40154584 40154619 '40
54664.,-;..' 20164734...:. 40 54745 IK)
54001..... .-40 54000 ": 40 55105. .... lfiO
C5155.,.'.. '40 55299 100 53392..... 40
53518..... 20l5Bfi72..... 20 55724 40
C5779..... 40155780 20 53033..... 20
B3!>62 100i36135 20 5«174. . . . . 40
5(UJt...:. . 20156202..... ' 100 56453..... 20
56563. .:..'¦ 20 50032. 100 56733..... 20
667*(0. COCCO 56759 ¦ 40 56760 -10
5C8.VJ..:.. 20 57C2B 40157093 20
61126...:. 2057323.;... 20 57370...'..' 20
57630. .... 20 57938 20I67a«l. 20
67903 2038000 20 58187 40
C8325.....' 40 583S2..... . 40I5S422 40
88S6S. .¦.¦..*' 20I5SS64 200|5S8»5. .... 20
6S004. ; 40)50281 40|G8323 20
C9724. ,20 59803:...... 20160028..... 40
6008:1..... 20C0306 1 - 40 C031S..... 20
C0327..... ' 20 6O4SS..... 40 60505 40
(10510 20 C0516. . . . . ' 2060635...., 40
60362. 40 6004S..... 100 60774 1Q0
61121..... 20 61134...;. 20 61149 10O
61137.;..." 40 61393..... : 20 61306..... 100
61454 40 «1543. . . . . 20(61862 ' 40
61576 . 4061623.. ... 2Q\i\$56 40
01864...., 20 61916..... 20 61991..... 20
C2005 t ¦'; 20 C211S. : . .. -? 20 62149. .... - JO
6222.1..... 20 62251;.... .20 62290,:. ,. 40
62520.-.--., 20 02872....." 20 62890..,., 20
«;2893. .'..'. 100«2fl(U..... 20163128 : 20
63167./... .20 63234..... 40iG3739. 20
03781. ¦-..: 40163031..... '500163961..... ' "40
<M070 ' 1000164087 20|«4UR 20
G4184 2IH64228..... 40i«4235. . . . , J»
64277...... 40B4279 .20164303 40'
&1390. 40«4441.:... 20164537.;... 20
64(i6::..... 40 64768..... 40,64867..... «»0
,J48M ,•..... . 20 nr»225. . . . . . 401«5377..... 40
65302. lCOfiSBOO..:'.. 100(65545.:... 20
65C.10..... 40tC5t«6... . . . 20|65&54 20
66111..... 40I6B1 74.. ;..' 20 6*248. >;.. 40
662«S.,... 2OiB63CT»... .. 20B633S..... ICO
««BU»..... 40(«KM«.1....:T ¦¦40Cfl7«9.,..v ••»»'
6C858 . - .20107002..-. .. 20 67010.. ..V -4Ci
67127..... 20167252..... -20 67653;.... l«t. ,
e7fi9O.:.'.,. 2C 67SRG.;.-.. 2067930..... - 20 '
6815S..:.. ¦ 40[CS87l...'.. -2O16S282..... 40
CS292. .... 4016S.100. ; .. . ' 40J6S3.12. . . . . 20 i
«S.146.;... ¦ 20|ftS1(i8..... v20|68.'»7.. 1 ... 20
68427..... . 40I684S2..:.: 40l«8370... .. 40
68579..'. ..'. 2O|68fiOrt.-".-V..-- - 20IR8616..... '160
68W1.....V. , 20168817;. ... 20J6SS3S.. , ,*. .40
THE SAN FRANQISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1903.
9
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
a
3
•¦» •
I 3 3 1 6-
e • 3 "". • p
~ . a : . . .
' • 52'
¦ ¦(» ¦
2
D
Astoria ......20.00 54 3S SW Pt.Cldy .11
3akcr ....... .20. 00 50 32: NW Pt.Cldy .04
Larson ..... ..29.82 54 *38 : W Clear .00
Sureka ...... 30.04 54 40 W Clear \ T.
JYesno ....... 20. 04 72 44 NW Cloudy .00
5"lagBtaft 29.30 64 38 SW . Clear . .00
3 ocate41o, Ida.2».8S 50 3« BW Clear .00
29.66 72 '40 W Clear .00
!>os Angeles:. 20. 9« €8 42 -SW, Clear -.00
Phoenix ......2*1.72 90 53" SW , Clear .00
Portland ... .:2fl.02 CS 41 8J3 Cloudy .01
Bluff.... .20. 06 02 46 &E -Pt.Cldy-.12
....29.06 M 30 NW Cloudy ;0l
5acram«nto ..20.98 62 42 S Clear '".00
?alt Lake 29.82- 84 48 NW Clear .00
Jan Franclsco.30.0tt 54 44 W L Clear .00
?. L. Obl«po..30.04 62 42 - W Pt.Cldy .00
3an Diego.... 20. 04 60 54 ; NW Clear. .00
Seattle- ..;... .21>.O4c 68 : 42 BW , Cloudy .00
jpokane ...... 29. S8 56 40 SW Cloudy .25
«eah Bay.... .20.68 .60 42 -E Ra(n ;18
Valla Wslla. .20.02 58 40 SW Clear .17
.20.82 '54 .30 SW.' "Cloudy .00
fuma ........29.74 00 50 W Clear .00
OCEAN 1 TBAVEL.
Pacific .Coast Steamship Co.
J^j «•'- Steamers leav* Broadwist
lgSfctt^ Wharf. San Francisco:
Bpfc ; For Ketcnikan. Joaeao.
Hiig*\V^ Skagway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
raf&JiSa «"- Aprii "• 21. 28, May 1.
i M&5&N X&ii ' Changs to company's steam-
Hs8§C£}*«11 *rs at Seattle.
I fEBagaBSB For Victoria, Vaneotrw.
** "^SM Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
- .: ", coma. • Everett. New What-
~»»— 11 . «." APTtt 16. 21. 29. May 1. Chang*
eom— 11 a. to., -*P~ company's steamer* for
at Seattle to ™* R y°.g%xtae or Taeom*
iNewport <»Sant» Cn» only),
rooa Bar 9 ». *».. April 12, zu. za. •"** rt < *
SSJ. pru». » a. m. (freight only). April 1«.
2 *»ori:nsenada; Magdalena Bay. San Jo«« del
dabS 'ffi.™ Altata. La P«*. SanU Roaa-
lLt GuaymaV <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th oaea month.
" For forther Information obtain folder.
Rljmvti reserved to change .teamen or safl-
-klCKT'T OT-PTCE— « New Mont«m«ry
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
-. .,¦ <'Jy., — -FOR — r-, 1 . .
'. > '.^.- LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR -« 'JHS2 I
VALENCIA * ...XUNB 7
And fortnightly thereafter dating the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUKKN.
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rate* and Nom»
folder.- apply Ticket Office, * New Montgom-
ery street fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PBRXINS * CO.. Cea. AgentsJ
-. , . • : . 10 Market st.. San Franctsco.
b R. & N. CO.
-l:: ¦ ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
- Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST Xt~«LTCE2S.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
£3. COLUMBIA' .Sails.. May 3, 13, 23, June 3
S3. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
April 28. May 8. 18, 28
Steamer sails from foot ct Spear st., 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'r. 8. V.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at t p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India.'
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
tailing. • ......
BS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1903
S3. AMERICA MARO ..<
. Wednesday, June 4th. 1903
' ES. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. Juno 23th. 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced' rates. For
freight and pasyage apply at company's offlco.
421 Market street, corner First.
. - . W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vaporss
To Valparaiso, (topping at Mexican, -Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How- '
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA. -Mar lOfCOLOMBIA. . . . June 21
PALENA ..May SllTUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral - and South American' passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
end passenger office. 313 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Ag-nt*.
yCUJ!l!C5.dXU- «AU««0 SYDNEY,
ES. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa.- Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 1. 10 a. za.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
' ..Sunday. May 4. 10 a. ra.
S3. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu .'
Saturday, May 10. 2 p. m.
J. P. SPBICIELS k B50S.C0., Gfiljnl Id, 329 Marfcr
Bn'lPass. Cfflce, 643 Harm Si, Plerlo. 7. Paciac St.
PANAMA R.R, SI^
TO HEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
' Cabin. $106: Steerage. «40; Meala Free. -
S. S. Argyll...... Sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Harrlson-st. Wharf, Pier 10. at 2 r>. m.
Freight - and Passenger Offiee. 33O Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paclflj Coast Agent.
AMJSUJCAN LUCE.
NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
8t.Louis.Apr. 30, 10 annSt. Paul.XIay 14. 10 aa
Phlladel.May T. 10 am.St.Lcuis.May 21, 10 am
RED STAR USK.
• NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARIS. -
Zeeland..Apr. 30, noon ISouthwrk. May 14, noon
Frlesland-.May 7. noonl Vaderland.May21, noon
.. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA3. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C.SOMontgom'y ju
COHPAGHIE I SEHSBiLI THASSATLaNTIQ.US.
L-JRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. a+,1*
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. lrom p^er 42. *T"BBSBl
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre., <70 and upward. SeconJ
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY- FOB UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldlng>. New
York. J.:F. FUGAZJ & CO.. Pacific Coait
Agenta. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Fraaclsctt.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket A|«aU,
M .OXEY^ TO kLO AJf.
A^^ERM^TiTinJiUPH^rT^onSa^xaminer big
*4.5O0,O00 at Lowest Rates „?
......On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests tn Estates
; Property Being Held in Trust.......
..... Undivided Interests In Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of all • sorts and sized.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-002 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, Becocd anC third mortgages ..*.........
Undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery Ft., room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
y:t<tfi.0<>0 at r» : -i and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property;
cecond mortgages, life insurance and eecurl-
Tiee; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEnI
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave,. near
Geary et.; phone Hed 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place- to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, ' at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market Et. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 18 Third.
ON* real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st.. room 36.
ANY amount on furniture. -pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Lick Houte.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, planes; no removal; low rates: conflden-
ttal. TVHITEHEAD (Wilson'*). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture,, pianos; no removal; money quick:
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
llable party. 1170 Market St.. room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by -private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
r.o brokerage charged; confidential; "open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's Wdg.. 6 Eddy. r. 104. 5th flr.
SSf- ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81, 6 -Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants* Eic, 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st-, r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.-
©X furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly prix'ate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
NOW FOR~PIANO~BARGAINS.
In a few days we begin decorating our new
and hall, and must have room.
• Evpry piano cut to the lowest possible figure.
( ivr-r 200 on our floors, of which the follow-
ing are a. few. Rents, t-'. installments, $3, or
your own terms:
3 Steinways ,........$123 to $675
4 Heine .' $235 to $525
2 Chickering $l.'}0 and *24fl
2 Knabe $95 and $235
2 Weber .$185 and $825
1 Shaw $175
1 Sommer , ,.. $95
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary st.
WE have a choice lot of -good inctruments,
Elis^htly used, that can be obtained upon very
easy terms and at low price*. We have also
Wissner-Baumeister and Stodard pianos.
THE ZENO MAUVA1S MUSIC CO.. 763
Market st. ¦
""ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we cannot -only duplicate them, but can
effer- exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes - to choose from.
- EHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. -Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. : Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
J? econd-hand organs from *25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. 33EXJ. CURTAZ A
.- SCi.v. 16 to- SO OTan-ell. . Chickering. Mason
PERSONALS— Continued.
WANTED— To correspond with- a young lady
about 25 years of age; object matrimony.
Box . 1485. Call office. -. . - ; . -¦¦ .¦ - m
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st. ¦ ¦ '
I MAKE first-class wigs and front pieces;
halrdressing, 25c; shampooing, 50c; manlcur-
»ng 25c Q. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
- diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
OLD-ESTABLISHED carpenter shop for sale
ot a bargain. Call at 972 Howard' st. after
ti p. m. ' . .
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrellisend for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE, Germart specialist, removed from
UP Geary to 101 Eddy st.. corner Mason. ¦•
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, molss destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 259.
TAILOR-MADE eultB. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 DO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at II. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary,r.2~.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: lCc and 25c. All druggists. :
MASQUERADE costumes, piay books, wigs;
country orders, GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure." 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 y, Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
county of San Francisco, belonging to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March
21; the time for confirmation of the sale by
the Superior Court has been set for April 28.
at 2 o clock p.m.. in Department 0; any per.
6on may appear in court on thajt day and
overbid the purchasers; the highest bidder, it
the price is . satisfactory to the court, will
eecure the property. For other property of
the estate for sale eame day.see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
.this paper. For all information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room 22,
' Chronicle building. . - '
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner:
• transfer point: 150x137:6. ASIiTON &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery Bt.
FOR Eale— Well-built house of 2 flats. 6 and
' 7 rooms and bath;- good income property. 69
Pond St.. near Sixteenth and Market. :
RKAX- ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
AMONG the great many genuine bargains in
all- classes and location of ranch property
on my enormous list, I wish to call to your
. ppecial attention the following unprecedented
offer of 5 — 10— <20— any part of 100 acres; lo-
- cated -almost adjoining the depot, steamer
landing and city limits of Napa; hi -mile
from that immense cennery and all the fac-
tories; all highly cultivated level loam: per-
fect garden soil; ideal location for suburban
¦ home; no better fruit, vineyard or vegetable
land In the State (would produce $250 crop
of tomatoes per acre every year); now plant-
ed to corn; unequaled for poultry: a splendid
general farm; price only $60, $75 and $125
per acre; easily double the money.
N. D. EICKELS. publisher of the Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, 6 Geary St., S. F.
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View, Santa
Clara County, was sold at auction on' March
22 in nineteen subdivisions; the .'time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
been set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, "p. m., in
Department 9; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers ;
the highest .bidder, if the price is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property. For
other property of the estate for sale same
day, see "City Real Estate" and "Financial"
columns of this paper. For all information,
apply to - - • - - • -
McGLYNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents ' and Auctioneers, room
£2. Chronicle building. ' '¦'¦<¦ ~"
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS:
BERKELEY REAL ESTATES. f _ .
COTT-AGE— 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments., MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
- ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPING.^^
APAR^M^NT^ItoTllghThousekeeplng; furnish-
ed sunny, suit, with kitchen; all -modern im-
provements;, bath; telephone;. $16 to $20 suite.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna sts. t *y'
EDDYC 724 (middle, flat)— Fine front- room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water for bath, phone, with two
other well furnished rooms, all complete for
housekeeping; every convenience; see them;
suitable for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable..
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
.' kitchen; gas or coal stove," $12 to $20.
BRODER1CK; 1024— 3 ., desirable furnished
housekpg rooms; coal and gas range; bath..
BUSH, 1001. , cor. Jones — Van, Nuys; modern
v furn. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; first-class.
ELEVENTH. 3&— 2 furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
FULTON, 036— Large Iront sunny room, with
or without board, for 2; private family.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay- window
suite, 2 large rooms ; bath, gas, range, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1005 — 3 nicely furnished
rms. ; | bath; gas; water; phone; private; reas,
.GOLDEN GATE ave., 1404—2 nicely furnished
front sunny rooms, with kitchen; reasonable.
GOUGH. 115 — Handsome sunny modern parlor
and kitchen; ga3 range- -bath;- $20. ¦ ¦ -:.
GROVE. 104, near Polk— Furnished front suite
rooms for housekeeping, ?15 per month. •; -
HOWARD, 10C8, bet. 6th and 7th— Sunny
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; rent
moderate. ; /
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front alcove suite, complete
for housekeeping; also one large room. /
LARKIN, 1010— Newly furnished robms, sln-
gle or en suite; very reasonable.
MINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 845— Furnished -rooms complete for
¦ housekeeping. ' . . ' \ ¦'
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny -front, room
with kitchen; bay-window; gas stove; $9.-
O'FARRELL, 917 — A floor of 3 unfurnished
housekeeping rocms; use of laundry.
PIERCE, 3000 — 2 sunny »/ront rooms," with
piano and use of kitchen and bath;, rent $16.
POWELL 415-74—2 unfurnished rooms, suita-
ble for housekeeping; In rear.
POWELL, 919^-3 housekeeping rooms; top
floor; adults. ¦ • - - - :
TEHAMA, 478 — 3 or 5 sunny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable;
. no children. . ... -
TWO or three nicely - furnished housekeeping
rooms. 705 Clayton st. ' '- ¦ :
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2g00 Fillmore.
ROO3IS. TO JkET-T-Fnrn. and Upforn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. >legantl
sunny; 75c day upward: rates' by week or
month: McAllister cars. to door: handsomest
grill room in California attached. . '.¦
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c Ho $1 per night; $1 25 to |5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ¦'
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission— Changed
hands; .100 rooms- newly renovated; ;60u to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms. ;. single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, U04 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites. or singles; day,
.week or month: bath; phone. 332 Btocitton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur^
nlghed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
ELLIS, 321 (Mozartf— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
»1 50 night; $1-50. ?6 week; open all night.
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
. ed suites and single; travelers. accommodated.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. C. 26
. Montgomery Et.,room 14.- ¦ -
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 758 — 2 sunny rooms;
light housekeeping; bath; phone; reasonable:
private.
HOWARD. 1258^ ;uear Ninth — Fine sunny
rooms; newly furnished: private; 'adults. -,..-
:*-•'.' SPECIAL
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or - country. - PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, - rooms 9-10 ; ' tel. - 6580.
. typewriters and ¦:. supplies.
grSat~bargains in :typewri^rs-^w«
sell better machines for less money than any
chouse In the city; rentals- $3. The Typewriter
i Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;eatimat« free. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-
— eographlng. , 027 Market, rm. 301; Jessie 1554.'
.-; BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death' notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either o.f the publication offices and be
indorsed; with the name, and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
V BOBN.
BUNKER— In Alameda, April 16, ,1002, to the
wife of W.. Edwin Bunker, a son.
DIEHL— In this city, April 10, 1902, - to the
: wife of H. L.Diehl, a son. i ,
KEMP— In this city. April 26, . 1902, to the
wife of H. Kemp, a; son.
PEREIRA — In this city, April 27, 1002, to the
. wife of Francises da Kosa Perelra. a aon.
STAGER— In this city, April 25, 1902, to. the
¦ wife of AV.'E. Stager, a daughter.' ¦
STAPLES— In this city, April 19, 1002. to the
¦ wife of Charles D, Staples,- a daughter.
" ¦ DIED. ' :
Barbour, Eugene C. ':. Jensen. George M. '
Bernstein. Jacob Johanson, August
, Campion. Edward: McGowan, Carrie
Cassidy, Mrs. Frank • McMahon, John
. Clement. ¦ Lillian B.\ Molter. Mrs. Lena •
Cohen, Jacob M. _; . O'Brien, William
County, "William Ready, Catherine
Cubitt, Henry- • Rowe. William M.
j Kitzgibbon.. Maurice ¦ Satori. Sophia M.
. Harrington, Mrs. M. .Vasquez, Jese-
BARBOUR— In this city, April 27, 1902, Eu-
; gene Curtis, beloved son of Charles and Ellen
Barbour, and brother, of Mrs. W. L. Smith
and Joeie and Charles Otis Barbour, a native
of Lawrence, . Kans.; aged 32 years S months
1 and 0 days, j ' •
BERNSTEIN— In this city, April" 27, 1902,
Jacob Bernstein, beloved husband of Nellie
Bernstein," and father of Morris, Bennie,
Sadie and Solly Bernstein, a native of Posen,
Germany, aged 45 years and 1 month.
.CAMPION— In Tonopah, April 22. 1002," Ed-
ward, beloved husband ' of the late - Rose
Campion, father of W. J. and Mamie Cam-
pion and ' Mrs. Steve O'Brien, and grand-
' father of Evelyn. and Rosalee O'Brien, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged .52 .years.' (.Boston,
. Mass., and Indianapolis, Ind., papers please
copy.) ', . . . , . , : . . . '
¦" j E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew.A English, 20 . Van NesB avenue,-
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CASSIDY— In this city, April 26, 1002, Mrs.
' Frank Cassidy, beloved mother of Mrs. John
J,. ; Carroll, a. native of County -Clare,. Ire-
lan«l, ncf.d . tiT yeai s. ' .
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
. (Monday), at P:30 o'clock, from the residence*
of her dauiJhter, Mrs.. John J. Carroll, 631
i Guerrero street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a solemn mass "will be cele-
. brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly private.
; Please emit flowers.,, .',;
CLEMENT— In this city, April 27, 1902, of
diphtheria. Lillian B.. beloved daughter of
. M.:L. and Catherine Clement,, and sister of
S Katie A., Joseph F., Walter L. and the late
Lulu M. Clement, a 'native.- of . San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 4 months and 8 days.
COHEN— In this city. April 26. 1002, Jacob
' M.. beloved husband of Rebecca Cohen, and
father of .Alex and Meyer Cohen and Mrs. A.
Cohen of * New York. Mrs. Henry Wolf and
the' late Sarah Goldberg, a native of Holland,
aged 61 years 5 -months and 21 days.
. C Friends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
/ (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 213 Steiner street. _ Interment Salem
Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
COUNTY— In ' the City, and County - : Hospital!
April 27. 1902, William County,, a native ol
Ireland, aged 72 years. — :'
CUBITT— In this city. April 26, 1902. Henry,
, beloved husband of Annie ~E. i Cubitt. and
father of Albert E. Cubitt and Mrs. Will M.
Law, a native of England, aged 53 years and
~ ponths. *
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from- his late resi-
dence, 1539 Eddy street, near. Steiner, thence
,to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. \
FIT55GIBBON — A solemn- month's mind re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
'of the soul of the late Maurice M. Fltzglb-
bon to-morrow (Tuesday), at Mission Dolores
Church, commencing: at 0 o'clock. -• ¦
ANY piano 6old by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER tc. CHASE. 30
O'Farrell et. : established 1850.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For Eale
only by the "Wiley B. Allen Co..' 931 Market
6t., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th «t.. Ivers & Pond. agts.
tTPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO- 560 Hayea st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving,
f550; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis et.
SNAP — 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights.
cropped from catalogue.$250. Brnenn.20SPost.
&70;grea.t sacrifice :almost new upripht.6chra.ltz
& Co.. 16 McAllister et..,next Hiberia Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for' almost a eons.
•WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
; on sale: bargain. 235 Geary et.
BTRON MAUZY. 808-310-312 Poet St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTXLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
¦ OFFICES AJfD STORES TO _ LET *
EMMA 6PRECKELS building. 627 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices. $16@28 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone.
flO — STORE and living rooms on sunny Bide.
225^4 Eighth et.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
6TORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
teratlons to rait tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIL.
OIL tasks, 2nd-hand. In good order: all elzes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
1> Oil/ LA5D3.
AT a bargain; 40 acres, \\± miles from large
town, Alameda County, public and high
schools; all level land; 25 acres in bearing
vineyard of choice wine grapes; good im-
provements: this is a cheap income home
property and pretty place: must be sold. H.
H. CRANE, 508 California St.
BEAUTIFUL mountain ranch and home of 160
acres: 10 acres in. vineyard, orchard; 5-room
cottage completely furnished; barns, wagon
and implements; abundance ot water i arM
most picturesque retreat in the State; 50
miles from city. Apply F. W. MEYER, 1453
Devisadero St.. city. ¦
FOR SALE.
Ten acres with good improvements; five-room
house and barn; large orchard; big oak trees;
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
mus Tract; any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered; no agents. CHRIST BECK, Aul Del,
Redwood City. -. '
600 ACRES at a bargain: fine land; no adobe;
oak trees: very best of Improvements; good
water supply; adjoining railroad station; 12
trains each way daily; Just the place to sub-
dlvide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City.
20- ACRE Al vineyard; near town; central Ala-
meda County; choice varieties, just in full
bearing; no old vineyards in the vicinity;,
location free from late frosts; improvements,
personal property, etc.; price $AK)0; a genu-
ine good investment. H. H. CRANE. 508
California st. - ¦ .
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, (60 to $90 per acre, on Rancbo
Cotati, Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
belt for poultry and general farming. Apply
to' The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets and information. '.v ¦
A SNAP — FiDest country home in San Mateo
County; 23 acres 'of beautiful grounds; ele-
gant residence, barns, etc.; % mile lrom sta-
tion; 20 miles from city; 26 dally trains.
GEO.. W. LOVTE, Redwood City.
CASH' for your country or suburban property,
DeDt., American Guaranty and Trust
Co.. Hayward building. . . ,..v
PROFITABLE orance, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: bis; money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt., r. 208.
Santa CJara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
FOR Bale^ — Chetp; 10 acres, patented land, sec- !
tlon 28-28-28; heart of Bakersfield district;
. on* well, on property; oil guaranteed tinder
every foot. L. W. MTBB8, Laughlin build-
lng. Los Apgeles. - ¦
PAIXTERS ASP DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; painting & tinting done'
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
P.. KOMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1J23.
PAU1ISTB1'. '
Mrs. E. Pearce, scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r.,28: 10 a. in. to 9 p. m.;
horoscopes '•ast by mail, $1; palmistry taught.
NME. G. L/'NEERGAARJD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott *t.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEHOME FOSELLL scientific palmist, 51«
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post. tel. Black E61.
_._._. PERSOXALS. .- ;
A— CERTUS
Actually grows heir en bald heads; cleanses
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
FTowth ; never Jails to restore gray hair; cure*
dandruff, «>calp diseases and hair falling;
price $1 (to agents ftOe): everybody should
write for trial package. Bohemian Hair and
Skin Specialists. 131 Post et.. third floor, S.
K. ; treatment and consultation free.
AN elegant lire of remnants for suits to order,
SI'; with these cults we make en extra pair
of pants free of charge; other cults on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. HIT Market
et., between Eeventh and .Eighth.
MY hair dressers are all artists.
I Hair dressing *.... 23-
£2ianipoo!iig , 50c
Manicuring : 25c
• - G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st. .
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel 44 Third ct., near Market: 700 rooms,
£Sc to $1 60 per eight; SI 50 to 56 per week;
' free "hue and -baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY ]>»slgncr and Standard Patterns lust out;
newest *hlrt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and pep'.ums. Call to eee at Domestic
office. 1021 Market et:, near Sixth. -
A—V.'HAT do vcu think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
eagle as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo- i
ing 50c; hair <lried by electric dri*r & dressed
. in 80 sun. Mlet A-V.Poylf.I7C2 Mkt. op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent: painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mies C.Dudley, 1702 Market.
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMENTS— FANNY
BRIGGS CARR - system ¦ and •• preparation*.
HENDERSON, 223 Powell e>_
properties. See WOOSTER, WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F- & San J.
CHOICE country land* for Fale. Land Dept..
AmericanGuaranty&Trust Co.. Hayward bldg.
"~ snmrnnAN re ai. estajte.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; jent $60 per
month. J. TUNSTKAD. San Angelmo.
REALTY TO EXCHAKCE.
BEAUTIFUL home in town of Santa Clara:
lot 305x215; fl-room house: tankhoune: wind-
mill: city water: stable:' artificial lake; flsh
pond: outhouses: exchange for city property.
gPARROW. 107 Cteary et. _^
AUMEDA APVeTiSpENTS.
BARGAINS! , BARGAINS! BARGAINS! Z
$1200 buys a good cottage, 4 rooms and
bath: lot 50x150: a snap.
$-M0 buys S-room house; Jot 35x150; a-bar-
S Bee the ALAMEDA LAN© CO.. <:
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
$2450 — NEW cottage, 6 rooms; lot 35x120;
terms 5230 cash, balance $30 per month. J.
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st. '¦ .¦-.' V
ALAME£A_JIOOMS.
JS — ELECTRIC light, eaet front; bay-window.
porc'n bath; select. Box 42CS. pall. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
ntPtTVAtE REAI> KSTATH.
FOR sale — 5 acres, Rose" ave. and- High st.;
Frnitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
¦OAKLAl" ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICc—lllS • BROADWAY.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
TO let for 3 or 4 months, ¦ completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms, 1 in
East Oakland; large corner lot 150x150;. gar-
den; fruit trees. Address, box 1413. Call.
FURNITURE good aad cheap this month. H.
BCHELLBAAS, 40S eleventh St., Oakland.
JONES, 305— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
gas; bath; telephone.
JONES, 317 — Front or back parlor, alone or en
suite; also single and 1 housekeeping suite.
LARKIN, 40S — Good-sized sunny single room;
priva/e house. - - «.
MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
¦ window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— Clean^ aTry
room, suitable for 1 or 2, $1 50 a week.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished room* and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; dayrweek. mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A, near Orpheurn — Nicely fur-
nished front and back parlors; en suite or
single; others. '
O'FARRELL, 426, near Jones— House Just
changed hands; newly . renovated ; reasonable.
OLIVE ave., 127, nr. Van Ness — 2 unfurnished
rooms, $6 50 per month.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room' and ladles' par-
lor; rocms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week,' ?2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 28— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
for $12. $10, $8; gas and range; bath.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 1206 (Model House)— Housekeep-
ing', $4. $«. $10; free gas; bath; newly furri.
8UTTER, 008— Comfortable furnished rooms";
suites or slnsle. • ¦ :
TO Let — Sunny furnished room, near Cali-
fornia and Hyde st. cars; 15 minutes' walk
from Market >and Kearny sts. ; rent $8 per
month. Box 1475. Call, ..-•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription s
received at Call branch office, 2200 FUlmore.
Ito"oMS AND BOARD.
THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter— Elegant cor. suite
and sinsrle rooms; table first-class; phone
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HOWARD, 1129, corner Rausch— Furnished
rooms with or without board.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy — High-class house;
furnished. suites or single; steam 'heat.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome ¦ furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN. NESS ave., 015— Sunny rooms, excellent
board. $45 and $40; also a large front suite.
noOJIS WASTED.
FOUR connecting rooms or part of house for
housekeeping; 2 adults; permanent; Mission.'
Box 1C50, Call office.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPL1E9.
ALTv kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel.-Greeq < 144. 205 4thf
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
' lowest rates: phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
v
PIEKCE-HODOLPH Storage & Moving "co.,*oN
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 071.
GOLDEN VvEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion Bt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEIIFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1640; .shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 232Q Fillmore st.; rhone Jackson 2S1. -
' ' TO. LEASE. 1 -'
TO Lease — Kenil worth Inn; romantically sit-
uated in Mill Valley;" 60 minutes' ride from
- San Francisco; completely furnished; In good
• condition; •40. .rooms; steam and hot water
batht; electric -lights; heaters throughput;
•• elevators, etc. ; rent 1 low. Apply MADISON
' & BURKE. SO Montgomery st., or ROBERTS,
Real Estate Agent, Mill Valley,. Cal.
ROSS VALLEY— To , lease; summer :• resort
known as Tamalpais Villa, cottages, grounds,
etc.. suitable for hotel purposes: 4S minutes
from city to Kent Station. ; Apply .to .G. .13.
BUTLER. 413 California at. ¦¦¦¦-.-
v DIVIDEND NOTICJBS.^^^^
TO holders of j mortgage bonds of the Market
Street Cable Railway, Park and Ocean Rail-
road, Omnibus Cable. Powell Street Railway/
Park -and Cliff House 'Railway, Ferries and
Cliff House Railway, Market Street Railway
. and Sutter Street ' Railway Companies: . y
a Notice is hereby given that interest coupons
. of . mortgage ; bonds of the above-mentioned
. companies will be paid hereafter at the office
of the treasurer of the United Railroads of
San Francisco, room 90, Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express building, 40 "• Second st., San Fran-
Cisco. . GEO. B. . WILLCUTT.
Secretary. United Railroads of San Francisco.
CTFriends are invited to attend.'
HAKRINGTON— Tn this city, April \ $?, 1302,
at her residence, 2404 Clay street, Mrs.
Mary - Harrington, "wife J of Dennis F. Har-
rington, and devoted mother of Mrs. T. J.
O'Brien and Mrs. Josie • Brinckerhoff and
.. John, B. Harrlnston of Portland, Or., and
Fanny C. Harrington of San Francisco, a
i.nlJve of Ireland. . .
JKNSEN— In this cltyi Anrll ' 27» 1902. George
"Michel Jensen, dearly beloved and only thiM
¦of Jens J. and Kusan Jensin, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 months and 24 days.
JQHANSON^In this city^ April 27, 1902, Au-
gust Johanson, beloved . husband ' of' Stella
' Johanson, and father of Lauretta and the
late Myrtle Johanson, a native of Helslne-
burfi, Sweden, aged 43 years U months and
3 .days. *'¦ -..'.-•'¦.• i ¦ :. ;,
t7Frifrid3 and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tUe funeral Tuesday,
April 20, 1002, at 1 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & CO., Mission
• street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
' ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
McGOW AN— In this city, Aoril 20. 1002, Car-
rie, beloved wire of John McGowan. and
mother of Emmett McGowan, and daughter
r Of Martin and the late Catherine Ryan, and
j sister of Mrs. T. L. Ryan, a natjve of Au$-
' tralle.' aged 3<i years and C months.
• tyFrier-ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday}," l s.t 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 76SA Harrison street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, . where, a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
• her soul, commencing e>.t • 0 o'clock, j Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, v
McMAHON— April 27, 1002, John McMahon,
¦ beloved husband of the late Rose McMahon.
• and father of Mrs. -Mary Pike and Mrs. Kate
Fulton Thomas and the late s -Edward Mc-
Mahon. a native of County Clare. Ireland,
• ared "5 years; ¦ :
¦ (n7"Funeral will take -place Tuesday morn-
ing, April 20, .1S02, from. . St.. Dominic'»s
• Church, lJerlcIo, Cal., .on .arrival of 0:45
o'clock train from San Francisco. . - ¦
MOLTER— In th!» city, Mr*. Lena • Molter. a
native of Germany, . aged 45 years 2 months
and S days. ¦ - ¦ ' . • ,
O'BKIEN-iln this city. April . 20. 1&02. Wil-
linm. 'dearly beloved son . of -.William and
Catherine O'BrSen. and brother of Margaret
O'Brien, a native of-San Francisco, ased 10
, months and 21 days. - ¦,.-.., .
C7The ft:neral wilP take place to-day
(Monday). Pt 10 o'clock, from the 1 residence
of the Dnrents, 1320 Natoma street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . . '
READY — In this cltv, April 27. 1002. Catherine
, Ready, a native. of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ROWK-i^-In' Mountain v View, • Cat.. ADril 27.
1802, William M. - Rowe, . beloved husband of
Maria C. Rowe, and brother: of Mrs. John
Stevenson and Mrs. Martha .Travis of Liver-
more, and uncle of Floyd Williams, a native
. of New York, ared 72 years and 8 days. ;¦
SATQRI— In.San Rafael., Ci>.|. , AdHI 2(5, 1002,
Sophia. Mayer Satcri, beloved wife of Victor
Sfltori, and daughter of Chris and ¦ Sophia
Bfflnger. and Bister of Chris Efflnsrer and
Mrs. Charles Sears.- a native of Bavaria.
Germany, aged 43 years. ¦ '". ¦
jC7Frlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral .Tuesday, April
20, 1902. at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 308 H street, thence to St. Raphael's
Church, where a golemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated ¦ for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. ~ : :• -.-¦• ->.-•¦:• • • -
VASQUEZ— In this. city. April 27. 1002, at 145
Sixth avenue. JoHe'Vpsquez, brother of Mre.
Felix Marcus?, Mr«. Alexander Forbes and
Mr«. F. Clansel, aged 44 years 1 month and
% days. ; ¦- : ' ¦ ¦
(C7Krlend»i and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
?o-morrow (Tuesday). April 20. J002, at 0:30
o'clock,, at ;.the Church of Guadaloupe. on
Broadway, near Mason street, where a sol-
emn reauiem mas« will be held for the re-
• pose of him bouI. Interment St. Mary's Cem-
' etery. Oakland, hy 11 o'clock creek boat. ;
HEWRY J. CALLACHER CO.
V (Successor i-o, Flannagan & Gallasher.)
DANIEL P. -DONOVAN. Msr
FUNERAL DIRECTORH AND KMRALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. .
" "Tg^Pb 0118 South , 80. ¦ . -
MtOfivet Cemetery,
¦ ' . NEAREST THE. CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
v_. ' Telephone Bush S67.' ' .
WEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
i - ; .' Samuel McFaddftK. IS years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.^
MeBrearty. - with) the same company for 10
years: P. F.- Green, . late'wlth J. C. CCon-
"nor &' Co.. 'have opened new Funeral Par-
lors f at • 1171 . Mission ' St.... between Seventh"
I an«l Eighth. -Telenhone South 44. rv ,f,-.. ; t :
I . JAMBS WcGINN; ;•
'Formerly with 'Mc.GlnnBros.,' has " opened •
-.new. Funeral Parlors at; 214 Eddy .st.. 1 . bet:
sTaylor and Jones.: Telephone 8outh 576. ¦. >.¦
BAT^ ANIi j; BIVEB ; STEAMEB3 L .
CiSleamewv GEN.; FRISBIE for MONTICELLO '<
>8:4fi'a," m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
lay. ; - Sunday, 0:45 a. ; m.. 8:30 -p. m.;,- Leave*
ViUeJo 7- a; in..: 12:30 noon, « p. - m.. - except
Sunday. 'Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
:er.ts. ' -Telephone- Main* 1603. - Landing and
,f«ce. '. pier 2, Mlsnion-Ktreet dock. ' HATCHBusiness men congregate at Caf a 21n«
kand for lunch.: Good service. '• '...-'¦ •
The lazy man consoles himself with- the
shooworn adage about ¦ the race not ¦¦ al
ways being to the swift" • .;•
The people . who have identified their
goods found: at the house at 835 Howard
street have consented to be atthe Bond
and Warrant Clerk's office in the Hall of
Justice this morning to swgar to com
plaints charging Joseph King, the "con
vict preacher,"- Thomas Barker, Harry
Hamilton. Annie Barker and Kittle Nihiil
with burglary. The. prisoners will be
booked ¦ to-day at the. city, prison. Ham
ilton- may also be charged with robbery
for : 6natchlng the purse from Mrs. Free
man on a' Market street car, March 29.
Burglars to Be Booked.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
E. F. Ott, who lives at 3523 Twenty
fourth street, saw the assault and lifted
Kerrison to his feet. They started in pur
suit of the footpads, who ran along San
Jose avenue to Twenty-fifth street and
down the railroad track toward Mission
street,- where they were lost sight of.
Kerrison was unable to give an accurate
description of the footpads. to the police.
as he had no opportunity of getting- a
good look at them./ ; - ' \
- Kerrison was walking along San 'Jose
avenue, between Twenty-third and Twen
ty-fourth streets,- when two men /ap
proached him. One of them struck 'him a
violent blow on the jaw with a club.or
sandbag, knocking him unconscious.
While he lay on the ground he was re
lieved of his watch and chain.
Robert F. VKerrlson, a clerk living at
3533 Twenty-fourth street, was held up by
two footpads early Sunday morning while
on his way home and robbed of a gold
filled hunting case watch and chain.
CLERK IS SANDBAGGED AND
ROBBED BY rOOTPADS
E. H. ' Mozart and \ wife were on the
main drive when the horses shied, at a'bl
cycle and jumped the traces, wrecking
the buggy and throwing airs. Mozart to
the ground. Officer^' am Thompson seized
the frightened animals and ¦ prevented a
runaway. Mrs. Mozart was not serious
ly hurt. :
. There was a fair crowd at the beach
yesterday. The wind was rather cold,
but the weather was dear, enabling the
sight-seers to obtain a good view of
Point Reyes and the Farallones,
Other portions of the park were also
crowded with carriages, bicycles and
pedestrians. An extra detail of police
men were on duty to guard against ac
cident.
March. "Hands Acros sthe Sea" (Sousa);
overture, ••Rienzi" (Wagner); intermezzo,
"Badinage" (Herbert); "Austrian Hymn with
Variations" (Haydn); selection, "Faust"
(Gounod); overture, ¦ "Light Cavalry" (Suppe);
euphonium solo, "Prologue . from Pagliacci"
(Leoncavallo), ¦ Walter H. Colverd; descriptive,
"Darkles on the Plantation" (Puerner); "Ar-
Itsfs Life Waltz" (Strauss); selection, "The
Fortune Teller" (Herbert); "Hall Columbia."
The music was well received, as : Mr.
Stelndorff had a goodly sprinkling of pop
ular airs scattered throughout the pro
gramme. 'Mr. Stelndorff is also the Ti'v
oli's orchestra leader, and as such Is
well known all over the city. The fol
lowing programme was rendered:
The reopening of the park music stand
yesterday by the, nev park band under
th3 excellent leadership of Paul Stelndorff
attracted' a large crowd. -
Fine Programme. *
Paul Steindorfl Renders a
New Band ..Under the Leadership of
FINE MUSIC i AT THE PARK
ATTRACTS MANY PEOPLE
An alarm of fire was rung in from box
97 and the slight blaze in the house where
the accident occurred was quickly extin
guished by the firemen.
In telling of the accident Mrs. Attwood
said she was preparing to leave the house
to visit' a neighbor and was carrying a
lighted glass lamp into the parlor. "While
placing the/ lamp on the bureau she struck
it • sharply on the marble top and
broke the lamp. The oil saturated her
clothing and before she could recover her
self the oil became Ignited and enveloped
her in the flames. A short - time after
making her statement .: Mrs. Attwood
lapsed into unconsciousness, dying at 2
a. m.
The suffering woman was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital and an ex
amination ; by Dr. Murphy showed that
her injuries were fatal.
People in the -vicinity of Polk street
r and Ash avenue, shortly after 8
o'clock, were attracted by a woman's
screams and a moment i later were
horrified to see her rush Into the street
enveloped in- flames. Upon reaching the
street ihe unfortunate -woman fell in a
faint. A The crowd that had quickly gath
ered did what it could to help her and
every effort was made to quelch the
flames that were rapidly consuming her
clothing. It was some little time before
the efforts were successful and not, how
ever,' before the woman was horribly
burned on the chest and abdomen.
Mrs. Daisy Attwood, wife of Robert Att
wood, a lineman In the employ of the
telephone company and residing at 2i
Ash avenue, was fatally burned at her
home last night by the overturning of a
coal oil lamp. "Death relieved her suffer
ings at an early hour this morning.
Mrs. Daisy v Attwood . Rushes
for Assistance and Falls .
; in Street. "'^ '-
Breaking of Glass Lamp
Causes Woman's
BLAZING OIL
ENVELOPS HER
.-.Time waits for .-no; man,. but", the* man has
: to -wait. at. least- an -hour, when a woman
tells .him to wait just a second.
'¦¦': Bekins .Van : and ; Storage' Co. 1 .will ship your
goods at reduced rates.: 630 Market street. , ?.
1 - Wassman ! was a found i by Thomas Hil
"fltt,-421 * Natoma- street,'.yesterday morn- :
ing, lying', in a-bunk in a vacant lot- in
the rear of a [ blacksmith shop at the cor
ner ; of R Sixth arid | Natoma . streets. : He
notified the police, and the boy was taken
to the Emergency ': Hospital and- from
there . to the > City and County ' ¦ Hospital,
.where It Vwas' found that he was in a crit
ical condition, not so '¦ much from the
wound: itself as' from being, exposed to
•the cold wind. all night. . :
•• Charles grew wofse during the day, and
'Assi stan t ; Bond and Warrant Clerk Louis
Ward was' .'sent -to the hospital to take
hls-ante-mortem statement. The '¦'. youth
said that four or five boys had construct
ed a bunk in the vacant lot, and) were
in the habit of sleeping there nights." He
was induced to l go there | Saturday night.
'Five i. boys: were there, but one of them
went: home. Charles was«lyingr in the
bunk when Brown began to annoy, him
and he Jumped from the bunk and threw
sand ' at Brown, .-• some ¦ of which : struck
Charles- Valento, and' Valento started in
to flghf.with WaBsman. While they were
fighting Brown ¦ kicked Wassman ' and ran
away. .Brown returned while -.Wasaman
and Valento ! were i clinched and plunged
the : rusty blade ; of * a knife into Wass
man's ;left- side. ..¦ He begged Valento to
release, him,' so', that 'he* could • get' at
Brown, but Valento refused '¦¦ till he saw
that Wassman had been stabbed. Brown
ran away,; and Valento soon: left. Wass
man' and -Gussie; Beck, another.boy.vre
mained in the bunk. all night.
•.Charles • v Wassman, 15 years of age,
whose : parents ; live * at. 635 Castro street,
may. die. from a knife wound inflicted Sat
urday night < by ; Charles Brown, another
boj'," : who is > being ; sought for by'-Detec-'
tives -.Regan 1 and' O'Connell. v .
man, a Boy, Is Seri
ously i Wounded.
During Fight O. Wass-
PLUNGES KNIFE
INTO HIS SIDE
In the publication; referred: to Mrs.
Ward Is said to have atoneiirae attempt
ed to stowaway on an -outgoing steamer
and at another to have fallen-lnto a faint
on tho street in order to = be taken to the
Emergency Hospital. ¦'. At this time the
young woman was engaged In newspaper
Ttork,,but she denies absolutely that she
ever attempted any of the above men-*
tloned feats. V :* ., . •
Mrs. "Ward . is now a resident of "Wil
liams,' Arizona, where her husband is one
of the trusted employes' of the Santa Fe
Company. She enjoys ; the ,.' respect of
everybody in the communityin which she
lives. •' ¦ ¦¦ •¦ ¦¦¦: . ,"¦--¦ .; ' -¦¦ ~~ ¦ ¦¦
Denies Certain Allegations Made by
Morning Newspaper. ;
Mrs. Bert\Ward.' the'. young. woman who
recently threw.- considerable light on th«
habits of Nora -Fuller and the mysterious
stranger with whom she kept company
has written a letter to a - friend in thb
city in which she takes exception to the
loose manner in which a certain morning
paper handled her character- and good
name. 1 . , -
MBS. WAB3> . IS INDIGNANT.
A search of the resorts on the Barbary
Coast formerlv visited by Fagan disclosed
the fact that he has not been seen for
some days and his present whereabouts
is unknown.*
who could be found yesterday at that of
fice is a lineman for the messenger-ser
vice company, and he stated that Fagan
was absolutely unknown to him. •
TALENTED YOUNG LADIES
WHO WILL APPEAR AT COM
ING BENEFIT.. . .
The man who makes a fool of himself
seldom boasts of being self-made.
¦ A special train under the direction of a joint
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying business men only, will
leave Market-st. Ferry 'at 9:30 p. m.. May 8
via the Santa Fe. Rate of one iare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to Join this party should make arrangements
»t once. The train wUl go via. the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching- all Impor
tant points In the San Joaquin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office, Cll Market st.
Business TS.en/s Excursion.
That Hadley had plenty of money when
he suddenly left San Francisco is almost
certain. He gave "Mrs. Hadley" $100 on
the morning of the day he disappeared,
and it was his usual custom to carry $200
or $300 with him. While Chief of Detec
tives Seymour will say nothing, -it is un
derstood that he has learned that Hadley
had a large sum of money on deposit at
a well-known bank early in the year and
that this money was drawn out a few
days before the accountant took flight.
• The direction in which Hadley fled ' is
being carefully considered by Captain
Seymour. "When Hadley left Chicago,
fourteen . years ago, he went directly to
Mexico and stayed in that country for
some time. He often spoke of Mexico,
arid it is quite likely that he went to that
republic direct. He was seen at 6 p. m.
on the day of bis disappearance, and an
hour later the New Orleans express of
the coast division of the Southern Pacific
Company departed from the Third and
Townsepd streets depot for Los>Angeles,
El Paso\and other points. It would have
been an easy matter for Hadley to take
the train, get off at El Paso and. enter
Mexico, and from that country go to al
most any other part of the world. ¦'
The positive statement made by the
cashier of the Examiner on Sunday, Jan
uary 19, that Hadley was not a defaulter
proves that Hadley had some grave rea
son, for suddenly taking flight. He had
not quarreled with the woman who
passed as his wife, and he had plenty of
money. None of his friends or associates
know of any reason, for -his taking flight,
yet on the day of the publication of Nora
Fuller's disappearance and the beginning
of the search for "John Bennett," Had
ley. dropped from sight, leaving all his
personal belongings and abandoning a po
sition he had held at a good salary for
fourteen years. , .
The absolute similarity of the initials
"C. B. H.," on the mattress bought by
"John Bennett," and the initials of Had
ley's known signature is beyond dispute.
Hadley will have much to explain if he is
brought back to San Francisco. .
w. l. fagan' acts strangel y.
Investigation shows that - William L.
Fagan, who Is well known In the
loin, might be a bio to throw some light
on Hadley's movements. ¦
Fagan was an intimate friend of Had
ley, and his reputation made it' a matter
of surprise that a man of Hadley's stand
ing should be his associate. Fagan re
cently returned from the Philippines and
his statements concerning Hadley ' will
bear careful investigation by the police.
Fagan, while an Inmate of the City and
County Hospital in January, told a^ num
ber of patients that Hadley was his best
friend and had asked him to go to Chi
cago to embark in a newspaper - enter
prise.
Fagan entered the hospital on -January
1 and was discharged at his request on
January 29. A short time before he left
the hospital Fagan- claimed that he had
received a check for $300 from Hadley.
Charles A. Noble, who was in the' hospi
tal in January and who is now. in the
Almshouse, and John Powell, at -present
in the City, and County Hospital, are th<*
men to whom Fagan repeatedly made
statements that Hadley was his intimate
friend. These men also state that Fagan
was visited by a man whose name was
given to them as Hadley by their fellow
patient. : . .' .¦ ¦¦>... . .^i~
When Fagan left the hospital; he prom
ised to return to see Noble and Powell
but failed to' do so. -Powell, , two weeks'
ago. while down town, met ¦- Fagan on
Kearny street and was told that- he Fa
gan, had been in .", St. Mary's - Hospital
Fagan's name cannot be :¦ found on the
books of the latter institutfon. ; ¦
O'NEXL PAYS FAGAN'S BILLS^
Fagan Is well known ; around -.the Bar
bary Coast. He resided: for some months
at the Prescott House.'andhis bills were
paid by another, man/ . The landlord of the
Prescott House says that . Fagran f intro
duced a friend by. the name of O'Neil and
that the latter always , called .and I paid
Fagan's accounts. ., • . , . .
The landlord of '¦ the ''¦¦ Pr»scott ' House
mad© the following statement -yesterday :
I Fagan has resided here \ for '. some months
O'Nell ' often called to . see. him > up to a ¦ week
or two ago. O'Neil claimed to be some one
in authority with the .Western 1 Union Tele
graph Company. He said that he received
money from Fagan's folks.' as they would; not
trust Fagan with the money." O'Nell . alwavs
paid Fagan's bills here. On the 17th'of this
month O'Nell called ' here and said that he
Intended sending Fagan : Into the country and
Fagan went away. O'Js'ell promised to : call
again, but I have not seen him.
No person by the- name of O'Neil : is
known at the offices of - the V Western
Union Telegraph Company as being an
employe of authority. Neither is anyone
of that name employed bv. the Postal Tel
egraph Company, the Telephone Company
or the American District Telegraph Com
pany. , ¦ ¦•.¦¦• „ ¦ ¦; .. .,¦¦-¦ ¦¦¦. : ¦• ¦ . . ¦., :
O'Neil informed the landlord* of the
Prescott House that he ¦ was . connected
with 'the construction department of - the
Western Union Company and that his of
fice .was on Market street. The Western
Union Company occupies a branch 'office
at 607 Market street,, together' with; tho
American . District Telegraph -.'• Company.
The only, person of the -name of; O'Nell T
HAD FUNDS WHEN HE LEFT.
had theater "passes" in his possession
and that he could secure them from the
cashier of the newspaper on which be
worked, to whom they were sent every
week by the managers of the various the
aters in the city.
CONSIDERABLE interest is being
manifested in the j entertainment
and social to be given Wednesday
night, April 30, at Golden Gate
Hall, 625 Sutter street, for the
benefit of .; the Boys' Drill Corps of the
Church of the Advent. Those who have
tl:e arrangements for the affair in charge
are leaving no stone unturned to make it
an unqualified success, both socially and
financially. A splendid programme will
be rendered by' clever amateur talent.
One of the features of the entertain
ment will .be the representation of the
tragic death scene in "Cleopatra," by
Miss Lillian Newman, a rising young tra
gedienne. She will be supported in the
scene by Miss Eunice Kasten, who also
possesses unusual histrionic' ability. In
addition, the laughable comedy, "A Ve
neered Savage," will be presented by a
strong cast. Miss Ullian M. Quinn will
appear in the title role. Miss.M. B. Mc-
Kay, Frank P. Scully, Walter A.' Radius
and Garner' S. Stenhouse will carry, the
other roles. Wi J. Hynes is on the pro
gramme for a spasm of his sparkling hu
mor and Garner S.- Stenhouse will render
a tenor solo. The Misses Spadina will
render a vocal duet.
Another important point in the evidence
being gathered against Hadley is the fact
that he always drank Old' Crow whisky.
The empty whisky bottle found In the
Sutter street house where Nora Fuller
met her death bore the Old Crow label.
An easy explanation is made of the
fact that Hadley did not draw $1500 he
had in a savings bank in this city when
he took flight.. The rule of that bank re
quires that notice must be given by a de
positor who desires to draw out - certain
amounts. Hadley would have been re
quired to wait for a few. days in order to
receive his deposit, and this shows that
b«: meditated instant flight on January 16
the date of the first publication of Nora
Fuller's disappearance and of the begin-
Dlrig--of the search for "John -Bennett."
Shortly after the discovery of Nora Ful
ler's body the police learned that the
young girl had often displayed "passes"
to the Central and Tivoli tti eaters, ar>d a
search was made in the hope of finding
the person who gave the theater tickets
to the girl. . •
It is positively known that Hadley oft*n
BOTTLE IS LINK IN CHAIN.
This statement was made by "Mrs.
Hadley" on Sunday, January 13, three
days after Hadley disappeared ' and eight
days after Nora Fuller left her home.
The facts of this statement were brought
to the woman's notice two days, ago, and
she declared that they were absolutely
true and made when she had no knowl
edge of the disappearnce and death of
Nora Fuller.
HIS HAIR TURNED' WHITE.
The statement made by "Mrs. Hadley"
three days after Hadley disappeared was
as follows:
I am sure that something terrible lias caused
Hadley to drop from sight. He has been act
ing like a crazy man for the past week. I
noticed that his hair was turning white, and
¦when I wanted to know the cause he would
say that I was the cause. He could not sleep
at night and took some white powders, a thing
I had never known him to do before in the
year that we were together. A few days be
fore he dropped from eight he took his parents'
pictures from a frame and tore them up.
He did not sleep at borne last Saturday night.
He came home In the afternoon, and just be
fore dinner time, 6 o'clock, he rushed out of
the house and did not even stop to lace up his
shoes. He came home about 7 on Sunday
morning and we did, not go out on Sunday,
though that was our usual habit. That was
th« first Sunday that Hadley had not taken
me out. .
That Hadley was laboring under a great
mental strain for some days previous to
his flight was positively learned from
Carrie Dixon three days after he had dis
appeared. At that time "Mrs. Hadley"
was considerably alarmed at the non-ap
pearance of Hadley at his home on Ellis
street. She sought -the offices of- the Ex
aminer and was told by Hadley's supe
riors that he was probably drinking and
would return in the course of a few days.
The attempt made by the Examiner to
discredit the story of the police that Had
ley might be the' much-wanted "John
Bennett" and to create the belief that he
was missing because he had stolen funds
from, the newspaper office, is negatived
by the positive statement made in Janu
ary by the cashier of the Examiner that
Hadley was not a defaulter. The caehier
ajso asked the companion of Hadley, in
case she heard from the missing man, to
inform him that his position was open to
him whenever he returned.' .. J
Three days after Hadley disappeared,
his companion, who passed as his wife,
was interviewed and asked to give what
ever information she could as to Hadley's
actions. The statements she made at that
time now appear most significant, for the
reason that there was no hue and cry
for Nora Fuller, and the discovery of the
girl's body was not made until February
10, almost three weeks later. ¦
Investigation shows some startling facts
in • connection with the sudden flight of
Hadley from this city, live days after
Nora' Fuller was last seen alive.
Chief of Detectives Seymour is silent
as to. what evidence is in his possession,
but is bending every energy toward locat
ing Hadley and bringing him back to this
city. ¦
HADLEY SUFFERED MENTALLY.
These important facts, . together with
other valuable information, secured by
Chief of Detectives Seymour, strengthen
the chain of circumstantial evidence that
is being welded by the energetic head df
the detective force for use in the event
of the arrest of Charles B. Hadley.
ley's ¦ hair showed signs of turning white
within a week of the day he dropped from
sight; that his actions were those of a
.man under great mental strain, and that
he cried bitterly at times and sought
sleep Ly means of narcotics.
She also stated at the time that Had-
Carrie Dixon, or "Mrs. Hadley," gave
out this information three days after
Hadley disappeared, and she made other
statements that in the light of subse
quent, developments regarding Nora Ful
ler's murder are of the gravest import.:
Charles B. Hadley, the missing account
ant and subscription cashier of the. Ex
aminer, ¦ who is suspected of. being , im
plicated in the mysterious death of Nora
Eleanor Fuller, did not sleep at his home
on the night of July 11 lasti and fol
lowing the day on which Nora Fuller left
her home to meet . "John Bennett" at .a
downtown restaurant. . . • '
Suspicious Statements by W. L.
Fagan, Who Claims That the
Missing: Man Helped Him
With Money.
For Days a Prey to Mental
Suffering That Turns His
Hair Gray.
Rivers was arrested last night at his
home. 2146Vi Market street, by Detectives
Tom Gibson and Edward O'Dea. He was
charged at the City Prison with assault to
murder and will be turned over to the
Sheriff of San Mateo County this morning.
According to Rivers* statement, he was
playing cards with a friend when After
gut came in, struck him with his list and
beat him on the head with his revolver,
forcing him behind the bar. where After
g-ut took two shots at him. Rivers re
turned the fire, and his assailant then re
treated. . :¦•; -<,
Word of the shooting was sent to the
Seventeenth-street Police station and
Detective Graham was detailed on the
case. He was powerless to act in the
matter, as the affair occurred in San Ma
teo County. Word was sent to the Sheriff
of San Mateo County, however. Rivers
was only recently appointed to his posi
tion.
Later the dispute was renewed. Rivers
went behind the bar, drew his pistol and
iired three shots at Aftergut. One in
flicted a slight scalp wound, another
struck the butcher's left hand and a third
landed in his left shoulder. Aftergut did
not attempt to return the lire. He gofout
of the way as quickly as possible, and at
once came into the city. He went to St.
Luke's Hospital, where his wounds were
dressed. Ri\-ers left the scene of the
ehooting soon afterward.
Rivers was in the barroom of the Abbey
Hotel yesterday afternoon when Aftergut
came in. Words at once ensued. Rivers
made a motion as if to draw a pistol, but
Aftergut covered him with his before
Rivers could draw. After a few more
words Aftergut put his pistol away and
the affair was evidently closed.
Aftergrut has been closely watched for
years by the local health inspectors and
officers of the Society for Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Rivers last week
found that Aftergut had had a cow
penned up in his barn for four days, with
out food or water. ' Rivers went before a
Justice of the Peace at Baden and pro
cured a warrant for Aftergrut's arrest, as
the offense was committea in Sau Mateo
County. Aftergut was convicted and
fined.
Samuel Aftergut. a butcher whose place
of business Is jusf over the line in . San
Mateo County, had an altercation with
J. L.. Rivers. a ; health inspector- of the
local Board of Health, in the saloon of the
Abbey House on the Mission Road yester
day attcrnoon. Rivers fired three shots
at Aftergut, all of which took effect, but
none inflicted a serious wound.
Dispute Occurs in Saloon
Over the Line in San
Mateo- County. I ¦ \[ ';
Leaves His Flat on Even
' ing Nora Fuller Dis
appeared.
Health Inspector Rivers
Shoots Samuel After
igrut Three Times.
MAKES TARGET
OF A BUTCHER
HADLEY NOT
AT HOME ON
FATAL NIGHT
THE SAN FBA^N CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 28, 1902.
Benefit to Be Given in Aid of Boys' Drill
Corps of Church of the Advent."
CLEVER AMATEURS WILL
PLAY F0R WORTHY CAUSE
10
flCLPBISg. B0 WX5 * CCfS 8PI0I1L 8ATCT9 IAL1
Pickles
Fruits and vegetables xst inc vet*
• delightfully combined- ?. 3 ° c Z5C
sweetindsour 55 C 45 C
Cheese
Alcalde— delicate for sandwiches— -„
Kg'ly 25c zoc
Hick o.ry n u ts
i Eastern shellbarks—
reg'ly 15c lb IOC
Por t wine
Private stock— f^t coe
California— regularly 75c . ,
and $2 50 ga.1 $2
B u r'g undy
Howell Mountain— reg'ly $1 gal— 5cp
heavy — stands diluting well
W h i s k y
Distillers Co., Ltd., Edinburgh-
Highland CJub-Scotch whisky ) o mm
Killyaoy-Irish-regMy $1 \ «5 C
Caledonian-Scotch-reg'ly $1 35 $1 15
Kentucky whisky
Old stock— bot $1 15
reg'ly %i 50 and 16 gal 4 50
W a t e r
Poland— reg'ly $1 60 doz pts $1 35.
Salutaris- . " $150 " " t $125
French coenac
3 star— reg'ly $1 50 bottle $1 2O
Indurated fiber— reg'ly 40c— \- rt _
hold three gallons . - 3 OC
K ni v e s
Vegetable— for kitchen use— Ioe
«gMyi5c^uv ¦•: ¦ "-.
Lemon squeezers
Iron handle— porcelain bowls— - nr
reg'ly 25c 2OC
432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets, Oakland
Country Orders
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
FRESH A^D SALT MEATS.
JAS.BOYES&CO 0^"^
OILS.
• LCBRICATINO OILS. ' LEONARD A SX1IS.
418 Front »t.. S. F. Phon« Main 171i».
' " PRINTINO.
F f HflfiHF^ PRINTER.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
¦ 23 yir»t »tr— CB»a Frtnclio
Weekly Call,$i:00 pep Yew
¦%Ba9MHai99u*ARnH9SWiri0iKA I 4^flBilialBteK u *^MMMBHBa^feii*aa«aaiS8l
ADVEBTISEMSNTS. J : . .^
Ff^T 'k\ ES H Eb c^Ih I i l I 1 9 In H Ira HH
jj3 YDi_£3 M| , mm KJ ] ft 1 tS^Jm \ftJS 19
This weeK we will have on SPECIAL SALE all our
Fine Twill Satin Finish and Liberty Satin Printed,
Foulards, also our Peau de Sole Finish Foulards, the
regular prices of which haye heen $1,25 and $1.00 uardi
ALL REDUCED TO .
/v3C l>er Yard
These Foulards are In the following colorings!
Reseda, Castor, National, Graus, Navies, Browns and
Old Rose. & :
In connection with this sale of Foulards we will
close out ahout 1500 uards odd colorings of Taffeta
Silks and Silk Trlcotlnes at
These Taffetas come . in Maize, Cerise, Mortle,
Orange and-Magenta, and the former price was
SLOP Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
Io7& " "" n ...
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BUTTER! BUTTER!
3 DAYS' SALE.
THE FINEST GEE AMBRY..... per sqnare 35o
Money can't buy better what cash will do.
Ree. 40c. , K-'i-M. . .
SOAP, Bablit'e Eest . .7 6 cakes 25c
Makes washing ea«y. Reg. 5 for 25c. .
F0WDER, for Washing. ... : .6 packages 25o
L.arr« 1-lb packages. Easy on the hands.
BAELEY, RICE and SPLIT PEAS:. 5 lbs 25o
Guaranteed nice and t ref h. ..
MACARONIA and {VERMICELLI A. .51bs 25o i
Received dally from factory.
PIJiEAPPLE, tie S. &W. Drand...p*r'can 20c
Put up In large 3-lb 'tins (sliced). > ,
OIL, Salad Brand ......quart bottles 15c
R«S. 20c elze. Good' and sweet.'
SARDINES ( French) '.... .... 3 cans 25o
Nice, small fish. Good eatlnjr.
MU3TARD, Eddy's Salad. ...... . .bottle 15c
Regr. 20c elze. Nice on cold meats. >
MATCHE3, Parlor, Vulcan Brand:..6pkgs25o
• R»g. Tx: packages. 12 boxes to a package. '
SYRUP, Towle's Log Cabin Maple.:.qt tin 35o
Guaranteed absolutely pure. . Reg. 45c.
PIM-OLAS, Baty, Seville Packing. Oo.'s /
g-er- 20c *lz.. Nice eating.- 3 bottles 5Oo
. Rtuffed with red peppers.
B0P.AX, Powdered*. ........3 packages 25o
10c size. Extra double refined.
WHEAT, Cream Flaked . . . . ......: 8 lbs 25c
llede from the very best selected wheat. \
.. Tr>- us. Anythlncwe sell you we guarantee.
T: H. CORCORAN «£ CO.
1201 VALENCIA" ST.. COR. TWENTY-THIRD.
" Phone Mission 0. . ' "
ADVEBTTSEaiEKTS.
THE PERFECTED
AMERICAN SHOE
"Sorosis" is now the stand-
ard woman's shoe of the world.
ft has recently been introduced
in London, where it has dupli-
cated its enormous success in
New York, Chicago, Philadel-
phia, Boston and other leading
American cities. Countless im-
itations haye sprung up, and it
is now quite the fad to offer
shoes "just as good" as "Soro-
sis."
But there is only one "Sorosis,"
and we are the only agents for it in
S.F. All "Sorosis" shoes hare this
trademark. It 'one others are genuine
100 STYLES!
Widths AAA to EE, sizes 2 to 9;
at the uniform price of
$3.50 >;r.
50 Third Street, San Francisco
Second Shoe Store from Market
CATALOG READY
DR.PIERCE'5 "
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS.
Mg&r UK " \i Whites. onn»tnr»l dijl
Bg2w It 1 to S dsyi. » charts, or e,ny tnflamm&.
On"""* 4 «• tioc, irritnioa or ulc«?ra-
m £ Prcrent eonuclcn. tion of DDCOOI mem*
>*7TlTHEE«NsCH'-«"iirT bran "- yon-Mtrlngent.
TO^""" 71 ' 0 -^ O r^!ft fn y pU™^Tp^r.
J^SSi^ hr «»Fr<*(>. prepaid, for
*£%Mfo*~jdrTM V m ' OT 3 bottlei. tl.75.
Circular acat en request.
Weak Men and Women
SHC^-LD USE DAUUN'A BITTERS THE
Great Mexican Remedy: rives health and
•txcr^th to sexual organs. Ijepot, 323 Market.
A3) VEBTISEMEXTS.
A pur Made-To-Order/ss. )
J
a^e superior in tail- /I " j; \
oring, cut, fabric and v (J fl^T
style. They are per- Jjfl J-^U .
feet in workman- r f\\ /
ship ;. and servicea- ; \I \V J^J
bility. They -hold 'TA-THJr--;
their, high class look ft \^,
to" the -y.erid.'v. Our \- j/ i
easy payment tplan V'l
One Dollar jj^
'a Week.
makes- it--; convenient for" any " man ; to
get a first class' suit, and you may wear
the suit -while paying for it.
\2S ElliS St. AboveFViwe!!
¦*$&&S2isL~ r(e " 9lhen Your Eyes
Jr!g£t3£Aki&! -TVlth GEORGE MATERLE'S
KfS!&' B * aa 3yJg . German Ej-e \Vater, 50c. at
.-. 4La«^i-«&^' 10 "l- Market ; st. Tel. : South
• <»£j>»SXi^" ' • 2 - None genuine -without
j .*vw??ayw - .this trademark. "
B0LDBEB^B0^5*CO'8 SPECIAL SATragSALI
gp LD BERg
BDWEN-
* CO
Estimates for camping, supplies figured
for two," three and four persons for ten
days, cheerfully sent upon request j
Special Saving Sale
I Hondaj - Taesday Wednesday
¦>v C o f'f c e
Pasha blend — ground or roast —
good value at 35c— 2lb«?ccp
the regular price 2 1DS 5i c
O y s t e r s
Ourchoice-reg'ly 2 oc- j j b tin 15c
Selected for our fine trade 2 " "25c
Mayo n nai s e
Sierra Madre-^reg'ly 30c —
The principal ingredient is « cr
pure olive oil
Smyrna—London layer— !««
reg'ly 50C-2 lb box 4 OC
Wisconsin— 2 cans 25c $1 30 doz
o a 1 m o n
Worth the regular price-^12^ * t 1^ 10c
A p pies
Pine for pies— reg'iy 15c ' I2^C
Pin e a p p 1 e
Hawaiian— 2 lbs sliced— 22^C
M 2" grated I7 L
regMy 25c and 20c tin 'i%?f* '*
S t ring be an. s
World brand— reg'ly 20c tin 1$C
|M a eke re 1
12 lb kit-3 x-Norway-reg'ly U 50 $2 2O
f lb pail— reg'ly $ 1 . g OC .j
:sides being headquarters for B
Eyegiasses is the largest B
Scientific Instruments, H
KODAKS, n
Photographic SappHes. B
W 6 14 2 : ffi{ ARKET ST.tr
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
«V ¦* ¦ 32 or 38 Caliber, ?3. 75.
il P.VlDlVPr co - s " Francisco.
11 V T Vfl f VlrGuM,. FUhln* .Tackla
f and - Sporting Goods.
: Eend * for Cat&logua.