CHICAGO. April 30.— The wholesale
jewelry firm of Moore & Evans, one of
the largest in the West, was placed in
the hands of a receiver to-dayi The ap
plk-ation for a receiver was made by three
creditors, one of whom had claims
amounting to $15,003. It has been rumored
for some time that the firm was In a bud
way and as creditors began to hurry in
their claims the .company decided to. go
Into voluntary bankruptcy. Liabilities
are {176,000. A**ets. 1100,000.
Wholesale Jewelers Fail.
Batschaneff was tried by court-martial. "
The police observed great secrecy
throughout the trial. The assassin has
been called Batschaneff, but his identity
has not been revealed. It is now believed
that he was not a student, but an officer.
He was therefore tried by court-martial
Instead of before an ordinary court.
ST. PETERSBURG, April ZO.-Balscha
naff, the man who assassinated Sipiguane,
the Russian Minister of the Interior, April
1Z, has been sentenced to death. He will
be hanged May 3.
Slayer of the Minister of the Interior
Is Sentenced After Court-
Martial.
RUSSIAN ASSASSIN
WILL DIE ON GALLOWS
- First, " perhaps, ;. it would bo well for, me ,: to
tell to-you^what'soms of you 'perhaps i already^
know' as ' toi what ' we have 'done on the Union ¦
Pacific. '-.About years four
ye-ars'- ago, '¦'when . the Union . Pacific ;" emerged '
from.- bankruptcy, .and /the .'present manage-*
ment took \ possession,' "we ) found ' a "railroad i !n
"^ capable: of idolng.; business' which was trlbu-^
tRry.:to';it.-' 'We'.went^to work;' and in theiflrst';
year we Increased ; the' capacity ''of .' the'*equip-'
thls'terrltory.TBO^thatthe" railroad had become
inadequate.' Ido not mean, in the : number' vof
miles' 'of .' railroad,' but ; in the character - of (the
' railroad : iteelf . ; I mean the ¦ physical condition"
of'the t 'pr6perty.^ , It, was like any; other; Indus-'
,try. y If you-.haye a' mineior a manufacture or!
an agriculture developed .you :'go_ on^'and ' prove
its extent and' then improve the character of the
product. : \'. \ •¦",.".'*•'¦ ¦.'.'." " , - '-. ' ' ¦' : ,¦*>"• • , .' '¦
- Now, .the railroads . are built. .You -.have de
veloped 4 a great (country here on the ' western
borders of -'the. United ¦ States. ¦• The : first . thing
was to get the railroad built. . . That enabled you'
to i do_, your ' work. • ;¦ . At'; first the ' rail roads were
ahead i of -' you. ' ;"Af terward, ; by ' your), industry,
and ."¦ courage, .""you , developed ' the resources'- of
have-done, '; but! what we are^doingto deserve*
your good : will. ¦' It ; is not necessary f or i me • to'
calli.to^ your -mind- the /indomitable ¦ courage
which inspires ; the • people of this . great . city/
but I, tell, you/ gentlemen, ¦ there are very- few
men now 1 ; living. -who : /would -.have '. taken V the
| chances -which they {did? to extend the rails
j across'the desbrts.that existedat that time be-'
tween this point and' the then fertile valleys of
the ' Middle '.West, which were then . only , begln
ing to 'be populated* You' know more about that
than I'do.' Of course, -there were. other -cour
ageous^men In- California ( than* merely,' the fail-*
road builders. :. I. do '•¦ not' mean that they Were
all. , ; .V'"Y ¦ '¦¦_) ¦'/'
; THE RAILROAD DISTANCED;-'
Welcome Is Extended
to Visitor.
PROMINENT PEOPLE WHd^ER^PRE^
RailwayMagnate Dep^
titf Local Cdnditionstan&itieN^ >
very critical. Telegraphic communica
tion by land has been cut by t'ue revolu
tionists and news Is difficult to obtain.
General Navarro, who was sent to re
inforce the Government forces at Gua
ban, joined the Dominican revolutionists,
and -marched on Monte Cristl, whereupon
Governor Garcia abandoned the place
and took with him the Dominican troops
and munitions of war to Puerto Plata/
A revolutionary outbreak has also oc
curred at Sanchez, en fhe bay of Samaria.
AMERICANS ABE SUFFEBJERS.
A battle was fought yesterday at Sosua.
The agent there of the United Fruit
Company, an American concern, was
obliged to leave his house with his fam
ily and take refuge on some rocks along
the coast. The local Governor has sent
reinforcements to Sosua.
Vice President Vasquez is at the* head of
the revolution.
The Governor of Puerto Plata, San Do
mingo, prevented the departure from that
port for Samana of the Clyde Line
steamer Cherokee (from New York.. April
for Turks Island, Santo Domingo City
and other ports). Her commander pro
tested. She wil leave later for Santo Eo
mingo direct. The Cherokee is an Amer
ican vessel.
PANIC • IN VENEZUELA.
CARACAS, Venezuela, — pril 30.,-Geii
eral Gonzales, president of the district of
Cumana, was made a prisoner during the
fighting on April 23, near San Antonio,
when**the Government troops sustained a
bad defeat and General Castino was mor
tally wounded.
The revolutionists are marching on the
city of Cumana. A panic , prevails at
Carupano and Barcelona.
GUEST . OF HONOR r SPEAKS. , I
Mr. Harriman ¦' was f greeted * with v'pro-]
longed cheers as he ', arose to : reply.' - Fol
lowing is his speech in 'full:
Mr. President and Gentlemen: ¦' I -thank you
for your greeting, not only for 'myself .but! for
all the officer* and directors of the ; Southern
Pacific. I,", like your chairman, left this matter
until : about 5 o'clock this afternoon, ". as 'I j had
not - the time for- the preparation -of ':, any ¦ re- i
marks which ' 1 1 might have to ; make. *•• I "; have
what I desire ;to • say. merely in • headings ' in \ a'
email memorandum here, . and you . will ''excuse
"me for looking, at it occaEionally. It' contains
eqrne things .which, ' I think", may, be,' you would
like to hear, and ; some, perhaps — well, that I
would like you to hear. • (Laughter.)' '¦:.' '_'-'¦'
It is not on. the memorandum,', but; it occurs
to me that may.be" for, the first > K tinie'.Vaiu'< have
got the Southern Pacific before' you ' (laughter),
and I do not think, the advantage is' altogether
"with you,' because you have got • to" listen : to • it.
I have got. , perhaps, alittle.adyantaEe.'of the
Bituation, but not the situation of .the preabher,
because you are going to have a chance to. talk'
back-'^Sfig .. . _ ¦ ;"¦ -' v ',i ;-¦/••'
What I wouldjlke to call your'- attention* to
| Is, f not 'what, the Southern Paclflcior^the.'co'm
l panles ; affiliated ' with - It are 'going *- to ', do, ? or
Mr. Harriman is small in stature," unas
suming in manner and in speech. .His ad
dress was a plain business talk to business
men, free from any suggestion, of self
glorification and ' bristling with- concrete'
examples from which the coast may get a
line on the policy that ..will : obtain under
the Harriman control of the "greatest
artery of commerce.;. \i-^-' : ;
The banquet was held in the ladies', grill
room. More than^400 of the most promi
nent business and professional menof San
Francisco were .present. The hosts / were
the commercial bodies of San Franciscp—
the Chamber of -Commerce, the Mer
chants' Exchange, • the Merchants'; Asso
ciation, the Manufacturers' and . Produc
ers' Association: and . the ' State" Board of
Trade, . % - . *- '.:•,.
George A." Newhall, as presldenf ofithe
senior organization, the Chamber of Com
merce, presided. The banquet began -at
6:30 o'clock. At 8:45' Mr. , Newhall -'arose
and in a few words.; bade " the '¦ guest ' wel
come to San Francisco ; and introduced
him to the banqueters/ . ,'T '':".'" \
PLAIN BUSINESS TALK.
"For the first time,'.' said Mr. Harriman,
"you have got the ., Southern Pacific be
fore you," and" his words encouraged his
hearers to hope that In the. merging of
the California railroad into, the greater
system the management had become real
ly " personal y rather' than more impersonal
and further | removed from the\ force of
public sentiment. | ¦ > •
- --..rj-r-j— .--•" •--- -'• •i<*;^.-r'^>---i.'''-* : "
rtmr { £w?. ARRIMAK, , the .^fli^tniwrripf .
Juf ¦¦¦ £f -' t ranscon tine p tal _cJ ; -V railroad .
' B B -lines;' they promoter .^ofj:vj(s't';
B B . enterprises,- ; the ¦ trusted. -^/as-;
"^*" ' ~^^- sociate -of ...the ;r-' country's'.
; - ' . greatest ;. financiers^ ; rubbed
elbows with the merchants of San
Cisco last night at the banquet given, him
at the Palace *Hoter by. tne ¦commercial
bodies of San Francisco. To the pleasur
able, surprise of -his. hosts,'/ fbr- once" he
departed from his rule of •saying little arid
doing much, and talked i t rankly/of -the
plans of himself { and ? the j men' whom ¦ he
represents and bespoke the co-operatjon of
the people of ¦California. His words, were
weighty with : the prophecy^ of anew era^
a time of good. will between theTship'pers
and the railroad, . of mutual - understand
ing, of liberal, ; progressive policy on the
one hand and on the "other 'of the disap
pearance of sandlotlsm In the treatment
of railroad problems. .
All the Clbao region, except Puerto
Plata on the north coast, is In the hands
of the revolutionists. Another uprising
has broken out in the south of the Do
minican republic. The position of the
Dominican Government appears to be
Dominican revolutionists are at present
In the vicinity' of Cotuy and Santo Do
mingo, which cities it is 'reported they
contemplate attacking to-morrow.
General Salazar, the Governor of Pa
nama, says Rio Hacha had been practi
cally evacuated by the Government forces
because of its unhealthy condition. .. Yel
low fever and smallpox this year resulted
In the death there of over 3000 soldiers.
He attaches no importance to the capture
pf_ Rio Hacha. . " ' .'\\ .""^.- .
- tsT\ DOJH2JTC AN ' BEPXTBLIC.
CAPE HAYTIEN. Haytl. April 30.— The
erroneous move in order to Attack the
revolutionary forces, leaving the town
unprotected. Meantime the Insurgents en
tered Rio Hacha.
Is confirmedJ General Follaco. who was
in command of the garrison, made an
PANAMA, April 30.— The report that
the Insurgents have captured Rio Hacha
Governor Velez has received from the
executive presidential powers over the re
public.
COLON. Colombia, April SO.— An impor
tant «yigagement was fought on .Sunday
at Ptmta Opera, near Chiriqul Grande.
The battle lasted all day. The Govern
ment forces, numbering 500 men, under
General Gomez,- penetrated seven miles
into the interior and attacked the insur
gents, 900 strong, who were intrenched.
The losses of the insurgents are esti
mated to have been 100. The Government
lost sixty killed and wounded. -The
wounded included General Ferrero and
Colonel Lopez, who were broght here.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
iands'-to be leased by them.; No corpora
tion shall be entitled to any lease.
monopolization of the ranges by large
owners' of livestock. It provides that arid
public lands not capable of irrigation may
be leased for stock-grazing purposes, sub
ject to the right of homestead, mineral
and other entry under existing laws. All
leases shall run for a period not,exceed
ing five years and shall* be limited* to an
area not exceeding . 3200 acres ' to any one
person, and such lease' shall not be
transferable. They shall only be made to
actual homestead settlers or to freehold
j ers, whose lands ar© in the* vicinity of
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON,' April 30.—Repre
sentative Lacey of lowk to-day Intro
duced a nill to grant grazing privileges
to homestead settlers and holders of small
farms in arid and semi-arid land regions
in order to offset the monopoly of the beef
trust .and its connections in the West.
Lacey thinks that the grazing bills now.
pending are altogether too much In favor
of the cattle trust. The purpose of his
measure is to give homestead settlers and
holders of small farms an opportunity to
improve and protect the grass which
grows in the vicinity of 'their holdings so
as to prevent further deterioration and
Beef Barons Striving
to Check Federal
Action.
Rebels Are Gaining
Headway in San •'
Domingo.
Insurgents Also Win
Big Victory in
Venezuela.
Ambition Is to
Meet AIL
Wants.
Knox Resents Second
Attempt to Hold
Bill to Offset the
Cattle Grazing
Monopoly.
Severe Engagement
at Punta Opera,
Colombia.
FIGHTING
TRUST IN
THE WEST
The (mest of;
Honor T jells
of Plans (jf
Company.
SCORES
SLAIN IN
BATTLE
HARRIMAN AT MERCHANTS' BANQUET
BESPEAKS GOOD WILL OF THE PUBLIC
VOLUME XCL-^STO/ 152.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
¦ 'I..'- -'Isan.^
The lands to be leased shall be classified
and grraded \ by the Secretary of the In
terior into six classes, and the annual
rentals shall be .one, two, three, four,
five "and six cents an acre. -
ATTEMPTS CONCHJATI0NV
Indications that the beef trust < is at
tempting to conciliate the Government is
found . In tlie statement made public to
day by Commissary General "Weston of
the army, who says that, beef Is being
offered at rates lower than those of last
Republicans of the "Ways and Means
Committee have practically agreed to
take no steps in the agitation against the
beef trust. Bills placing meats and poul
try on the free list have been introduced
and referred to the committee, but these
bills will never reach the House.*
The Richardson resolution providing
for an investigation of the present rise in
prices will pfobably be tabled.
Chairman Payne of the "Ways and
Means Committee is of the opinion that
nothing should be done by the House
¦while -the investigation begun under th©
direction of the Attorney General is under
way. In this he Is .said to have unani
mous support of the majority membefa
of the committee.
- Having received a letter from the presi
dent of • the Republican Club of New
York, stating that* he had arranged j for
a conference between Attorney General
Knox and representatives of the packing
companies, the Attorney General ' to-day
replied as follows:
"Your action requesting representative*
of packing companies to meet is unwar
ranted by my letter of the 28th of April,
and was without my knowledge . or any
Intimation to me, that you proposed do
ing so until receipt of your letter of 2Sth.
• • •¦VI regret that you have assume'!
to arrange conferences which misrepre
sent the Government's position."
EATING MOSE FISH.
CHICAGO, April 30.— While the butcher
is complaining he is up against hard times
and forced to cringe under the lash of
the beef trust, which wants all- the profits
of the meat trade, the fish man is selling
more fish than^ever before In the history
of the trade. • This is the condition of af
fairs in that section of the northern coun
try between Portland, Me., and Salt Lake
City. The prices '. of . fish were" never so
low. The great demand is attributed . to
the advance In the price . of meat. Said
a prominent dealer to-day:
"I have just returned from the East,
and ' never ¦ was fish so cheap" as to-day.
AU '.the dealers and every branch hpus»
we have report 'the sales surpass all rec
ords In" the -history, of the trade. '. Every
where in the northern country there . i3
an immense demand for fish, and we can
only, attribute it to the fact that the pub
he has' switched from meat to fish.Thero
are no Indications that, there will be any
increase in- the prices of fish, so It may
be ' tha£__butchers will have to turn fish
Rumors about the proceedings . in the
beef trust case were thick to-day in the
Monadnock building. One report was * to
the effect that the Federal authorities had
been called off in "Chicago, owing to the
pressure. the packers had brought to bear
in Washington. •. This runicr gained some
strength. on a statement attributed i?t'o
United States Attorney Bethea, which
Continued • on Page Two.'
j I— WIMlMMMhalfl II 1 1 11
The San Francisco Call.
ment. t j- JVe [ added.' ' in the first - year," abbnt ! $ i
per ;"cent . to .' the ; total -^ capacity ¦ of'.the .freight 1 
equipment j alone, and • incidentally,' : of « coursel*
, wej had ' to i add ' motive ' pb wer'io carry 1 th'atT (n-"
ciease'd". capacity.'. Perhaps ' some V of ' you, ''who '
have " ridden ; pyer.i the' ;Unlon -Pacific ' within ; tli«
last six' months have notice*! r the*work that has
been' done "in 'what' we "call our 1','Rocky Mount-;
alnTblvlslon.'V . r Tbe \ probiem" '. was," 1 - hov/. to. irn* 1 !
l>rcvc I) that\ line-' so- as « to * serve "the • terrltbry
tributary 'to :t; in; the best manner fir'- the
most economical:; way. j.We •;; commenced?* our.
sun-eys. i'"and .-from '< one .[stop ' to" another,! ;iri:
about - two 'yea rs ' and '¦ a half '.from ¦ the* " time' we"'
began Twe ; reduced; the grades' on •.the'-Unlon'/Pav
clfl<; from':- a J maximum': of about', 00 i pcrv'cerit '
to amaxi'mum'of '43 3-10 per. cent. , : .That is'our,
mountaln^grade,"- gentlemen,": on •.the"Unlbn*{Pa
clflc.'; (Applause;) 'f 4 1 ..think : you-' 'all '¦¦ understand J
.'what; that meahs/^We : have all ' had something ''
tb do' with. mountainrworkl'r.We also' eliminated'
cur\ # ature;i and' reduced it 3 from \ a.T inaximumi of '
10 Tyer^'cent r to ; , 4 y per having 1 only ' in i brie \
instance a 'curvature of ¦ 6'per'cent
curve. A;,Tha t .*• resulted 'Mn; a - "reduction '• of j dls*':
tance.":of 'thirty .f 01 , 11^-;'- In 'other " words^^we^
built 158 j nilles of rlHroad^arid threw ?away"'Vft&'» :
mileE^we "abandoned 1 1S8 : milts', ofVroad-' that*
.was ' already^ in 'existence i and • which" Vbu V gen v
iticmeii ;! thought :Vajj.*ayyery" 'good 'road/'C'some^-.
fifteen;, or V twenty / years" "'ago. ':. j E veryb'ody'J'dTil: *
Thoso^arejthoi necessities [of 'the'prWentVcon- 1
dlilon.' ;; ItT'.took ' sbmei nerve :[ to ''¦• throw ; away'
$5^000,000 i or, $0,000,000 Jwbrth'of ' railroads VanO 1
to "put ': ?0,000,000 for !$7,000,000 ; more > new Vones*'
in ' to> do] the'; Eame'*buslness.'. I ; .only ', use7that'
as • 'an } illustration ; of 'what v was i done Ton i'.'tnel
Union- Paclflc.'y - ¦;' '''':''.• : : V/J-'-j '"¦•./> *»'* ''-'^,^i
i ; IMPKOVEMENTS h HAND§S
VNw,/ t^en-'i e [ meet :• the; 'problem ¦ '¦'i'nv L tij'i»" v
State; * . j- Since': I have y been \ charged '- wltht itu?,
management^' of 'the ? Southern -'Pacific"- and? all 1
¦ ¦"•¦"' ; ;*.'' '¦"¦"'¦' "'. : ' ¦'¦-:"-¦ '¦{;¦•; -^ r^ifO^i
the "lines j included \ In that, system ; (and you
allknow we "are "not'only.- located in California,;
ibutj that - they r extend 'from'; here" to ,the : south
ern's partVof .the'. State, ) and* through' Arizona,-
New Texas,' Louisiana apd .Nevada, and
up : to I Oregon , and ':- to : , the.-: East)^ and , : by ; . the"
perseverance j? of •; the .'of fleers^ blithe? Southern
.Pjacifle, J we • have'" placed I the ; Improvements j be
fore the j committee "and have succeeded In get-
tlnsr, authority,, to expend ' this ', year, „¦ or . to", begin
iniprovprnerits^nils year,~ which;, will amount ¦ to
abc ut • f 20,000, CCO;'/ most of- 1 which . will . go . into
effect? this:.'y«?ar^or''. the .; result3 . of . itl .' That
mcan£the' improvement of the'eoast lines soutK.
rrly j from; 'hero '1 to : Los .Angeles, ' the' .'finishing
of ' the' tunnel \ through . Sifnl \ Pass '. (excuse me : if.
I;do not remember. the.riames,. as IshaveTsecn'
'¦0* .much,! that, it is /a- wonder; I remember anyj'
thing)) ? the'lmprovement of -the . lines from Los
'Angeles • easf tab ;- El ' Paso; " w the ¦ elimination •.". of
Curvature.,' the* Improvement of , bridges, • the' lay- '
; lnVot. n'cw_raiis' (the'ralls w'e had In' that, track'
weighed ; only I fifty.: pounds ; to , the"- yard, \ while
' wo'jJBre ¦ replacing them wlthr. rails which > weigh :
( eighty ( pounds);" and ' you know that means con-!
'sidefabie'Jrnprpvernent: ; /l'.:! ; '. '•__.¦"';'.;¦*. --.^V ;" ". ¦'" ', ' '
ROAB 'ffi&Of, \ BE;
'^But • the (moat > striking '<¦ Improvement ? will ' be,
'and % the, ; "one*;, wlilch |.I.- think ~' H more; interesting
jtb^yqur^than^an: bther,*i is.* the^im'prbv'ementa
wWchfwV^arefnow; carrying bn'ori "the' 'eaatern
'en l dVbf'."theYCehtraliPacifla"j.'. It; Is [practically
carVi'lng-'outV the r policy .which ; I ". h^ive : just ..ex- '
plained to^ you [we " adopted 'on tl^e~ Union Paci flc. -
''iiWe'/ihaveV; on't, the, division . from Ogden ' to
Rer,o; ¦ a \ distance ; bf [ about • 5S0 ' mileV,-. the same
cordltionsf which' existed*^n the -Union • .Pacific, >
.only; a, : llttlefe3M.'ggerated;.: a' little 'greater.' ¦ "We
.¦Have'' grades,. on jthaU line, amounting' to" about
jtiin'ety-ieven-. feet to"' the 'mile. " ¦'. ,\y*e have many
curvatures^ amounting \ to*, ten .; degrees, -but •, we.
havei adopted t: a." line •< whichV will ; reduce < th'bu
c'»V'.''-V/;^."i-'" •'»'¦•¦¦<¦ -•'-¥,¦;.•.¦¦ -¦' . .- • . »
¦h-. :¦ •¦¦ ::,1V .'••:. '. ¦ ¦ ¦ ; . ., - ¦ ¦ .. ¦.¦-.•
grades \ from ninety-seven , and four-tenths to
twenty-one feet. Practically none at all. "We
reduce ' the curvature the same. From ten de
-grecs;to a maximum of _ four; degrees and not
very. much of that. The elimination of curva
ture on that line .will- amount * to something
lik« sixty complete circuits. That Is, the train
that formerly went round • sixty . times In mak
ing that 5SO miles "will now go scarcely twenty.
Those;- are. the ' physical . improvements which
we ¦ hope : very soon J to put into " effect on the
track Itself.'. ...-. :\.
: • Between November^ last and next July we will
have", delivered to us." and are now having de
livered ; to us. ' additions to ' the freight equip
ments amounting to some eight; thousand cars,
' adding . to the tonnage capacity, in this . six . or
eight' months "about 20;to t2. per cent-of the
tonnage capacity.' existing ¦ over the r whole line.
Of course?; being 'properly proportioned to the
whole ,: line/ and the whole > equipment . as my
."recollection^ is, an addition of something like
400' per; cent .In that time. , . /
A. 1 1 have heard that a great many complaints
have .'¦ been ~ mafl.e ; because ¦ there • has not been
. enough oil ' freight -'capacity. 'But, gentlemen,
the v addltlorjil ', equipments :• which - : have , been
ordered' for, the Southern Pacific 1 without much
belne'sald'about- it '.will "give us an additional
capacity," of 12.CCO.0C0 gallons. •• In addition to
that ' we have commenced a ! system for '¦ storing
oil; at 'convenient' points on the line— of course
s for "oj)r town use — we are net going to compete
with, the merchants or manufacturers' or any"
one "else, but; when we Improved by 'the adop
tion . bf oil • as 1 ; a fuel -we';: thought . that : to , be
safe .we should ; have at ' least " Ax months' • con
sumption on hand. ."¦; That • means « that we . ar*
¦putting ' up 'and j hope 5 to ' finish ' bef or'e> July'; a
capacity, for . storing"' about' 4,230,000 barrels 'of
"oil. i That means a good deal. ¦ That makes us
"safe. -¦ It will enable us to : serve you gentle
men," and ' it seems - to . me that '¦ afl ;your Inter
ests 'depend .upon, oar doing. our share toward
It". .< : 1 '. do; not mean '¦ that -.we •• should [ absorb it
all. ;,AU we ask Is a fair field and we will
do" the 'rest.'. ¦ . , . • - . . - '¦
V RAILROAD AND 1 THE PEOPLE. .
, Kow . ¦ what , I .: want - to . impress ' upon " you is
• that I do"; not' think we 'areVentltled'to all the
credit " bf doing , this. V I think that you gentle
men; ' and " the , interests "..which"- you represent,"
and the Inhabitants of. this 'section of the coun
try-have made it" necessary.]. You have Ira-'
'proved ; the.' methods 'of . mining and ¦ of agricul
tural development. ¦'. You* are ¦ still "¦ Improving
the ", character ' of - your fruits and I may ' say
'you have Improved the method" of boat building,"
.Continued' on> Page" Two.
nnrananHWhire thi3 was going on the scene about
the structure was heartrending. Parents
and relatives of • the unfortunate girls
were screaming and rushing about tho
streets and it was almost impossible for
the policemen to restrain the mothers and
relatives of supposed victims from enter-
Ing the building.
™iw£ work o£rsaculn S the "girls from the
windows was necessarily tedious. They
wero so - excited they did not seem
to understand the pleadings of the fire
men. ; At nearly every window of the huga
structure were girls screaming and crying
for help. Many were. so excited that it
was with the greatest difficulty that they
were prevented from : Jumping from the
building, notwithstanding that there was
not assign of fire. The panic-was «w in
When the firemen and policemen arrived
every effort was made to guard the girls.
The firemen rushed up the stairway and
begged the girls to be calm, telling them
there was no danger, but the sight of the
firemen seemed only to add to their terror.
While the policemen and firemen were en
deavoring to quiet the «irla ladders were
being run up on the outside of the build-
Ing, and the employes who had climbed
out on the fire escapes and window ledges
were enabled to check the crush on the
stairway; and then began the work of
rescuing those who had been trampled
upon between the second and third floors.
The alarm for ambulances had been
turned in and as quick as . the dead and
injured could be carried from the building
they were hurried to the hospitals. The
number. of ambulances was entirely In
adequate and patrol wagons were brought
into U3eto carry the -victims away for
treatment. hMMAbh
one of those who Jumped, was almost in
stantly killed. . . .. •
ST. LOUIS, April 30.— M. A. Low, gen
eral attorney of the Chicago, Rock Island
and Pacific Railroad, stated td-day that
his road had purchased the St. Louis,
Kansas City and Colorado Railroad, oper
ating between St. Louis and Union, Mo.,
and had authorized the Mercantile Trust
Company to negotiate for the purchase of
the Wiggins ferry stock at $300 a share. :-
With the purchase of the St. Louis;
Kansas City and Colorado Railroad the
Rock Island secures the right of -way into
St. Louis and with the acquisition of the
property of the Wiggins Ferry Company
ample terminal facilities will be had. »
Low declined to state the price paid for
the Colorado road. He said the Mercan
tile Trust Company had secured ' an op
tion on a majority of the stock of the
Wiggins . Ferry Company, the purchase
prloe of which would be more than $5.
000,000. ¦¦¦';¦> : ¦' -
Low advanced the opinion that the Rock
Island would probably expend millions of
dollars for improvements. The heaviest
holders of Colorado Railroad stock were
David R. Franci3 and John Scullin, presi
dent of the Wiggins Company. The road
has only built to Union, Mo;,' but is be
ing- extended to Kansas Ctty. where. v It
will meet the Rock Island. There were
no changes to-day in the contest between
the Mississippi and Mercantile trust com
panies over the Wiggins ferrv stock.
Both sides still hold firmly that the con
trolling interest has not passed. "¦¦
TOPEKA, Kans., April 30.— A. A. Robin
son, president of the Mexican Central,
expressed himself to-night as follows re
fardmg the Rock Island purchase of the
t. Louis, Kansas City and Southern:
"1- will give the Rock Island a very
good line and will make It of Increased
importance as a connection of the Mex
ican Central. The Rock Island's line to
El Paso is proving to be a great benefit
for the Mexican Central. With the St.
Louis connection the Rock Island is in a
still better position to secure business out
of El Paso from our lines." : ¦>
Rock Island Line Ob-
tains Right of Way 7
to St. Louis.
RAILROAD MEN
MAKE BIG DEAL
HARRIMAN AT THE ;p|p||||i^Iip||g^|^
BESPEAKS THE QQQD 'm^^^m^mfBljiQ
THE* SAN FRANCISCO,; CALL, THURSDAY-; MAY; 1,.< 1902.
¦• WOODLAND,';" April' 30.— A ", meeting iof ' the
Supervincrs • of the . thirteen i counties . compris
ing/the'-Sacramento,.Valley-,will -be . held -in.
.Woodland i on May 12 • to - discuss the advisabil
ity,-of levying .' a special tax; for.; advertising
tUTBCSeii. _ . ¦'¦>&- \i '¦'}.• j.
" i Parties desiring to .visit; the Bakersfleld' Street
' Fair | and I Carnival .'can ; secure =, tickets ¦ at. "one
fare for. the. round trip, i These' tickets I will 'be
on sale at the Santa Fe office; , 641' Market st:,
for. all trains May : 7, . good ' to ¦ return . until- May
''¦ . :V-', \ ':¦-;¦> '-"J-'rA
Bakersfield Excursion^
; Attorney: Day, ; special ; counsel for "the
Government,, is apparently .[' waiting In
Chlcago-.f or • such news - from :. the ' capital
as he has delayed "his? departure.? :-. ¦ -'--.
>'; In' the •,.meantime:,the, packers -are: not
idle, but would ; like to ;. see i the i bill ; filed
so .: that r they .' may, know ' what\; they,- are
charged ; wi£h y,> doing. * 'Attorney i John ¦¦ 8/
Miller was to-day retained -as ; associate
PACKERS ¦; ABE -NOT & IDLE^
was, taken as an -intimation, that the. ac
tion off the Government .was, still in douot>
•AnotHer report is to the effect that 1 a bill
has been prepared -.and s that ¦; the' next
forty-elghthours will see it filed in court
As .near ¦ as could be ascertained, ; for r the
Government- officers will t noU discuss' the
case, .at bill', has- been prepared and 1 a- copy
forwarded .to S.Washington. •; and .{Bethea
only awaits telegraphic approval 1 to file it.
Mrs. C. A. Harp, statistical secretary,
reported that 710 schools had reported: &
gain of 55 over last 1 year. There are 7S21
teachers . and officers enrolled, • as ¦ against
6161 r last year. The. total' enrollment ;af
:¦¦''/.
This year we have organized Butte and Ne
vada counties and have found good, of fleers , to
take the work in charge in each. It has been
necessary to reorganize but two— Shasta: and
Biskiyou. Tulare County, has lapsed owing to
the inefficiency of the county officers. Eight
een district associations have been formed and
conventions held in . each.
A. A. Macurda, president of the San
Francisco Sunday-school Association,
opened the exercises of the second session
of the California State Sunday-school
Association convention yesterday morning
in the lecture room of the First Congre
gational Church with a song and praise
service. The delegates had a busy day,
over thirteen hours being spent In dis
posing of the programme.
Rev. J. H. Goodell of Oakland gave an
interesting exposition of ' Bible study,
which was closely listened to by .the dele
gates. ' He was followed by Charles D.
Meigs of Indianapolis in an address on
"How to Teach With Chalk and by Ob
ject Lessons." A blackboard was used,
to Illustrate the lecture and the speaker
drew pictures illustrating, his text, en
livening his discourse with a number of
well-rounded and taking stories.
The remainder of the morning session
was consumed in listening to the reports
of the officers. The report of the execu
tive committee dealing with matters cf
detail was presented by the chairman,
Rev. L. 11. Walters, of Fresno.
Earl S.Blngham, the. general secretary,
followed. He said in part:
We have as an association settled down to- a
steady work that augurs ¦ ¦'. well I for sUccests.
County and district of fleers ' realize that ¦ suc
cess does not result from one or two conven
tions a year, but that only constant work will
tell. I believe that the State association has
also come to the same conclusion. We; do
more and better work to keep the county and
district associations • constantly moving- on
smoothly and sure!}-. Grand as It would be for
us to have all of our forty-nine counties or
ganized, it Is better for us in present financial
and new conditions r to have - our thirty-two
county associations and • their forty-seven dis
trict associations as strong as they are than -to
have this . same amount of i strength ¦ scattered
through forty-nine counties. The time is not
far distant when we can organize and strengthen
all our counties', but that we . have not been
able to do so ' up to . this ' time is no cause
for us to think we are not doing a great work
as an association ¦ or that .we have acted un
wisely la not extending our organization over
all the counties. A weak county association
is not only a detriment to: the progress of the
State work. », but of no value ¦ to the county
Itself and the schools therein. - .
FIGHTJNS jfiliSTS:! THE WESK
¦Photographic circulars'. bearing a min
ute description of Charles B. Hadley.Vthe
missing; Examiner -accountant- and ¦.book
keeper, will be .issued" by, the Police De
partment ; this afternoon. In addition fto
this, circulars which call- for- Hadley's
arrest as ; a suspect in the ' Nora Fuller
murder case will bear a sample of his
handwriting and the signature of the fic
titious C- B. Hawkins, who /rented the
flat on Sutter: street where , the brutal'
murder/was committed. , This - : exemplar
of ,r I Hadley's handwriting .'' was * pre
pared by Expert Kytka.r who says that
there Is , not the slightest doubt that the
missing. Examiner man ' is : the man who
signed himself C. B.. Hawkins when rent
ing, the house ori Sutter street and sub
sequently scribbled the Initials "C. B H "
on the mattress he, bought in the furni
ture store I on Mission J street.
- Chief : of Detectives ¦;¦ Seymour is con
vinced ¦; that . he is on the right track and
ho intends to stick to Hadley's trail' until
he locates J him. ¦ Several-, friends ¦ of Hart
ley have made weak attempts to discredit
-thejlne of investigation : now belngpur
sued by the police. '" r.,: .!,*•
9 Stories have, been set afloat that-Had
ley s movements: on. January 11,' the day
ixora ( Fuller disappeared,' were 1 /well
known to several »< of- his friends who
could prove -an .alibi,; but Detective Glb
son,v who I has been detailed on the case,
-ha-S'had little' difficulty in puncturing the
yarns calculated . to discourage the theory
that „ Hadley Is the man who murdered
Nora Fuller. '
Continued From Page One. x
SENDING FORTH
HIS LIKENESS
DECIDED GAINS
MARK THE YEAR
; 'Three sessions will be i held r to-day; i At
the mornins session' business will take up
the /greater portion of the -time., ' and* thd
nomination of officers -will -« be: the*. most
important feature.' Reports' from, districts
will be read In afternoon, Hnd/ihe
usual addresses f . will close ; the- convention
at nil lil ' i tfllfltlf>iMi|fcW<!liiWllli '¦'-'¦'• ".
"The Boy Problem", was. the subject of
a thoughtful discourse ; by Rev. 1 - P:-M.
Dowllng "of- Pasadena, president of :the
Southern California Sunday-school Asso
ciation. . He said that the work of mold-
Ing the boys' character ,'was" one of the
most important that parents • and educa
tors had to handle, and , was also ? one of
the. most difficult.]; He suggested a .'num
ber of plans that ; he , thought-might • be
used to. good advantage. '¦ -;.'- •-" v - . "•
Charles D. Melgs concluded tne services
with an ' address on * the "Front Line Sun
day-school." His address was directed to
urging his, hearers to, right; efforts in
forcing the Sunday-school forward.! • :
.Robert. Husband led the .' evening song
service. • A special! choir under his direc- :
tion ably rendered a large, number ; of
popular hymns, in which ¦ the audience
united. A brief devotional service '-fol-'
lowed. „ ' :¦'. . ¦ ; . :. ¦ . ' : .' .-
Mrs. G. R. Alden of Palo Alto. who. Is
familiarly known ' to , all ' Sunday-school
workers under the * nom'_ de. "¦¦ plume of
"Pansy," read . a , paper, on •'.•"Primary
Classes." On her appearartce- on the. plat
form she was . greeted | , with much . ap
plause, culminating in ' a Chautauqua
salute. •.. ,.V- '•>-«•' *'i : -.-v. --V -' .
Normal, Rev. S. A. 1 Nesbit, . leader; Round
Table, Rev. T. S... Young, , San . Jose: Home,
Rev. J. , E. Sciuires, leader: Round Table, C.
D. Meies: Primary, Miss Helen Babb, leader;
address, . Mrs. G. R. Alden (Pansy),: Palo Alto;
Temperance, Mrs. Eva Gllchrlst, leader: < ad
drers. • Rev. . F. M. Dowllng-, , Pasadena; Sunday
school Superintendents, I. N. Halliday, leader.
Other reports were read by; Miss, Helen
Babb of San Jose, superintendent. of the
primary department; Rev. J. ' E. Squires
of Colusa, superintendent of the home de
partment, and Rev. S. A. Nesbit of Sara
toga, superintendent* of the 'Normal - de
partment. He announced: that no diplo
mas would be issued this year..
In the afternoon; the various depart
ments held sessions as follows: - : ¦
pupils is 66,377, showing a gain of '13,325
scholars over the preceding year.' In the
home department are 3154, In the normal
classes 857, giving a total enrollment of
70,388, a gain for the year of 13,672..;. The
following collections were reported: For
county and State work. J1445 75; for ben
evolent and missionary work, $14.520 14,
and for the support of schools, $28,267 54.-J*
The. report of Treasurer -Bacon showed
¦that the. total receipts for, the.year were
$1949 71; the disbursements. $1781 43;'ca3h
on hand, $168 28. The largest receipts
were from Santa Clara County, which
contributed $419 66: "Seventeen' counties
have as yet not beeri organized/The
counties ' making the best average per
school were San Benito $5 50, Colusa.$4 75
and Monterey $4 50. - -
The -shrieks and, screams of terror
stricken glrls^ could be heard for a block
or more. During the excitement an alarm
of fire was turned in, but before the In
gines could reach -the scene several of the
occupants of , the building had . rushed to
the windows and Jumped to, the street, a
distance of over . fifty feet. Helen" Tollni
A stock boy released Baccus and cried
for help. The foreman rushed from the
building to call an ambulance and Imme
diately there .was a panic among the em
ployes. Some of the younger girls fainted
while, others, , not being able to control
their feelings, cried "fire." Instantly
there was a rush for the stairway leading
into: Tenth -street. The girls ran down the
narrow^ staircase until they reached a
b £ n^ U 1 the e T x ": between the second and
third floors. In their eagerness to escape
the frightened' leaders -fell. >. Others fm
mediately following, tripned over ¦ thSl
who had fallen and in less than! miSute
there -were hundreds of children an!
young women struggling in the passage-
-The building in which the disaster oc
curred is a five-story brick structure and
covers an entire block. Twelve hundred
persons' were at . work at the time of the
accident,. 90 per cent of whom were girla
whose ages range from 12 years upward.
The trouble began on the ffourth floor.
The elevator was at the top of the shaft
and Baccus, janitor of the building, pulled
the rope to bring it down.'. He opened the
door leading to the shaft and leaned for
ward to see where the carriage was. As
he did: so. the * elevator, which was de
scending slowly, i struck- him across the
back 61- the neck, pinioning his head be
tween the elevator and the. floor.
The fatally- injured are: Mary Mesino,
injured . internally, skull fractured ; Jose
phine O'Ronco, . injured Internally; un
identified woman, fractured skull, uncon
scious. The injuries of the others consist
mainly of bruises about the body and
fractured limbs. . ' .
IDA GREEN, aged IS.
ANNIE FORD, aged 13. .-'j.:
JOHANNA GILLEY, aged 22.
PHILADELPHIA, April .30.— An unfor
tunate accident to a deaf and dumb boy,
Isador Baccus,, was to-day responsible for
the death of eight girls and young women,
the fatal Injury of three others and the
serious, in jury of "more than two score of
girls employed in the ; cigar factory of
riar burger, Homan & Co., a branch of the
American . Tobacco Company, located at
Tenth street - and Washington avenue.
The dead are:' . . '
MARY GENEVA, aged 15 years.
HELEN TOLINI, aged 12. ¦
ELIZABETH TARTINE, aged 12.
ANNIE ROSSCHENIDER, aged 18.
LOUISE DE SEP!, aged 16. .-..__•'
Factory Gir^s, Fright
ened, Rush to Ter
rible D9ath.
of the Government-in
vestigating, ; the ' beef * trust apparently are
not* iindlngVItt all; smooth sailing 'in the
matter ; ' of ,- gathering . evidence I'.to 1 prove
such- combine/ -Day andBetheaare desir
ous ; of -having ; It '-known «,that*,they would
like to hear from any one who can' throw
i."ht:- on » any; methods -employed .by. .the
packers in restraint of * trade. $ Many, upon
whom' the Government j depended- for > In
formation, hesitate to come forward.i fear
ing probably, some injury from a business
standpoint.-"-.*" ;. ' - . . , • sv : -.
.; "We've Just got; to do it,", said Mangier.
VButter, 'milk,- creamrpotatoes and meat
are bo high- we ;cannot ? live. Old potatoes
are now $1,15 a bushel, and new. potatoes,
why, it costs $10 just to look at one. It Is
likely- the Increase will go Into effect-to
morrow.":-; : " ¦ * :' : . ¦,':¦¦¦= :.-:-.-; ¦¦-'...
Ex-Alderman ."William Mangier,* owning
two restaurants, headed a movement this
afternoon - to . raise . the prices in ; all the
restaurants: A; number of ¦. restaurant
proprietors , called a- meeting,- to- consider
such, a 'move. ,';-;.-¦'.•.>.•' . •' .'¦' '". ¦-:.•¦'"¦
counsel, by the packers to'look after their
Interests. ,'•¦. ;'.'¦•* "- *' r ¦• ¦¦- , 1 ¦•••
However unpalatable Labouchere' s
statements are to, the British nation,; they
are sure to be read with great Interest,
on, both sides of the Atlantic. He says:
.r.'JTo an- Impartial observer it is a
trifle amusing to watch the perturbation
of John Bull at the march of; American
capitalists. For a generation or two past
the' gospel of- the salvation of mankind
by the agency of British capital has been
preached..,: with: . sincere- conviction ¦ by
British -politicians.- •'While | we» sp'end
countless millions in annexing vast tracts
In Asia- : ana 'Africa. 'and ! maintaining
armies tp defend them,. with .a. view of
supplying a penniless : population .with
goods from Manchester ana. Birmingham,
our German and American competitors
supplant us In our own country. ,
¦.""Individual fools have often enough
dropped the .^'to .'grasp the
shadows, but never before has a. whole
nation deliberately committed itself to
thij folly. •! Our supremacy in trade is
not only .threatened, : but doomed. Yet
by/ utilizing to the. best advantage our
resources , in", raw material, . capital and
labor we can hold our own. Even we
are forced to see Germany, and America
increase : their voutpuf., faster - than
wo can. ; It Is only. the stupidity of squan
dering in foreign countries | and overlook
ing | the . opportunity 1 of - employment I at
home " : that •; foreign =. capital . can supplant
the : British; In , any - home industry. . • ¦
'.'At this moment, whiles we are, thus
engaged, : Pierpont Morgan and his col
leagues descend upon us, seeking ... what
they' may devour, one day snapping up a
whole ' industry,' ' the \ next annexing ~ a
railway, the next capturing half a dozen
lines of . British I steamers. AVithln an
hour, of the, King's feast come forth the
fingers of a 'man's hand and write upon
the wall: Mt needs no prophet In this case
to- interpret -the It Is? easy'- to
read' the warning^ and not difficult to ac
cept and act upon' it." " '¦>•"• :-.'. ., ' ¦ .!.
LONDON, April 30.— Henry Labouchere,
In this! week's- Truth, under the heading
of VMorganeering and the* Moral," tells
the British nation that Its supremacy in
trade and commerce is not only threat
ened, ,.b,ut doomed, and that it will take
all \the-' best efforts the empire Is capable
of to prevent • a - retrograde movement,
which, if it begins, will increase year by
year. , ¦ ; . •
Special- Dispatch to The Call.
Labouchere Declares Na
tion's Trade Suprem- :
acy Doomed.
EIGHT DIE
IN TERROR
OF A PANIC
WARNS BRITAIN
OF HER PERIL
PRESIDENT HARRIMAN . ,:' .^
> WILL VISIT OAKLAND
Head - of the Southern Pacific ., Com
, pany Accepts * an Invitation _
: . . r •¦•--, From Board of Trade.
OAKLAND, April 30.— President E. H.
Harriman. of the Southern Pacific: Com
pany has accepted an invitation on behalf
of himself and his party to be the guests
of the Board' of Trade on a visit to Oak
land. The acceptance, is in the following
form': 1 ¦ '¦ " . ¦ ' • •¦ ¦ ' $(> . ¦ - • •
" ' SAN FRANCISCO, April 29.
Oakland Board of Trade, Sol Kahn- E?q
President, Oakland--Dear Sirs: ' I -accept with
pleasure your invitation of even date extended
to my. party and myself to visit Oakland as
guests of. the Board of-Trade. - -,=•¦ v - - v :
,.I .shall,, ,'howe.ver,. have, 'to ask your indulg
ence. as to.n.amins the date.'.. This I will. give
you a little later on when my plans' are more
fully matured. -Tours truly. . - .' ¦ •-. .
' ' s . ': -• :->' " e. h; harriman.
and we all know that you have developed here
the most perfect man-of-war that ever was put
afloat. (Applause.) I Bay that it is your work
%i-hich has made it necessary for us to go hand
in hand with you in order to conduct the traffic
¦vrhich you are producing. I am making a very
much longer speech than I ever thought I
would. (Applause.) There are some matters
which I would like to touch upon that perhaps
¦will not occur to you in these times of pros
perity. But you know that — I do, anyhow,
whether you do or not — there do come waves
of depression (laughter), and. then. is the time
when we get caught. Then we have the kicker
and the fellow that has got something to carry.
Then is when the adverse legislation comes.
Then is when they think that the railroad ought
to stand it all. Now « are willing to stand
our chare, and I hope that what we are stat
ing now will help to bring about some euch
reeling that we can go on hand in hand when
those times come. (Applause.) .
Now, when we are speaking of legislation,
you know that there is some effort being ex
erted for new legislation at Washington. I
do not think that any person should absorb
all the knowledge on that subject, but I will
say this for the railroads which I happen to be
charged with the responsibility of operating,
or directing the operation of, that we do not
¦want pooling. We believe that it acts adversely
to the point pooled and to all other points in >
the country where similar conditions exist. But
¦what we do want is more right to agree among
ourselves. We want the right to combine on
something in order that we may Berve your In
terests the better. I mean by that to say that
we can eliminate from the situation much of
the unnecessary service that is being performed,
so that when the improvements are made which
I have been telling you about the traffic, or the
most of it, can be allowed to go upon natural
channels and to be directed In such way by the
various railroads through their connections (to
use an expression which you have often beard)
upon the lines of least resistance, that is the
most economical. We cannot prevent the high
grade, crooked lines taking some of the cars.,
but we could do it for less money if we were
allowed to direct that traffic on the most eno
nomical lines and do something to protect what ;
we call the improvident lines, and It is to your
Interest, and I believe you will see it before
this next generation goes by; and I believe
finally the legislation will be ln favor of per
mitting railroads to move on some such line
as that they can conduct the traffic in the most
intelligent manner. We have gotten, I believe,
in the present methods to the limit of the
course of conducting the traffic, and we must
be helped by you and other business Interests
through the country to Improve on that.
TERMINAL FACILITIES.
There is another question which Mr. McNear
drew to my mind — I don't remember exactly
whether it was he or not — somebody, any way —
and that is the matter of facilities — local facili
ties. I might say terminal facilities. When
these improvements of the lines are finished,
and they will be finished only with the work
which I have explained to you which has been
begun this yean but will have to be continued
for several years, and will extend much further
than the matters which I have been talking
about, es we have got to eet a hole through
the Sierra Nevadas. and I don't know Just
where we will go through. But that will be
Improvement of the eastern end of the line to
dispose of some of the Eastern traffic which
we hope to bring this way. , We will have to
have additional terminal faculties. We will
have to have them here. We are now about
to apply for some rights in San Francisco to
take care of the lines we are improving south
of here and the coast line, and you know some
thing about the bay shore, and we do not want
to be delayed. Every day that delays us from
getting some other terminal improvements
pending that is lost. We do not want to resort
to questionable methods in order to obtain those
facilities. We want to be open and "above board
and have the public help us to help themselves.
(Applause.) There are some other things I
would like to talk about. (Cries of "Go
ahead.")
Anybody can run a railroad or everybody
thinks anybody can run a railroad. I have no
doubt there are Beveral young men here that
could do it. But you will gain by having us
placed, because otherwise we might be mis
mar.a.t-ir.pr something else.
In closing- I would like to say that we are
¦working sincerely and from no theory or motive
other than to improve the properties and to
make them more effective and keep them so
that they will be able to transact all the busi
ness given them. I speak now for the whole
Southern Pacific organization, and grasp the
hand of welcome that you have extended to
us to-night.
MAYOR EXTENDS WELCOME.
After the. demonstration of approval of
Mr. Harriman* s speech had subsided, the
toastmaster introduced Mayor Schmitz,
who spoke as follows:
I do not speak as the representative of any
particular class, but representing the entire
people, I desire to extend to the guest of the
evening a- cordial welcome to" San Francisco.
I wish to say that we hope that the visit of
Mr. Harriman and the gentlemen who are
with him will result in great benefit to the
corporation he represents and to the city and
to the State of California. Little more than
half a century ago instead of the city where
we are now banqueting there was to be seen
¦here only a desert, a stretch of sand dunes.
Now it is a city second to none in the world in
its possibilities. The commerce of the East and
the Indies flows; through our gates. We want
capital here and we want to do nothing to drive
it away. But capital cannot do everything.
V> must depend upon the individual, and I
ho^e the day is not for distant when capital
nr.o labor will walk hand in hand. I do not
think there Is a city on earth where the citi
zens, compelled to go through such an indus
trial disturbance as the last strike, would en
dure Its annoyances and show such a manly
admirable spirit.
TRIBUTE TO BUILDERS.
"George W. McXear,, 'president' of the
Merchants* Exchange, • was the next
speaker. He said: ¦. . . _* .
- We f/e assembled here ibis evening to meet
our guest, the honored head of one of the great ¦•
est, if not the greatest. - railroad systems' of
modem times, covering., as. it does, two trans
continental lines, uniting the Pacific with" ths
Atlantic, with branch, lines penetrating or
connecting every Important section, of-, the,
TTnited States. Of that part of your • system;
Mr. Harriman. the. Central and Southern -Pa
cific, we of California are justly proud,- as they,
must respect" the other's rights, placing him
self temporarily, ln his place. . As a few grains
of sand may generate -friction and seriously; in
terfere-with the smooth and successful opera
tion of . locomotives and cars, so may email
disagreements generate social friction even
more injurious to a railroad's prosperity and
success. The prevention of social friction and
the Judicious use of social lubricants should
engage quite as much ' or even more of the
time of the higher railroad officer than the
elimination of the other kind. -To accomplish
this our running, gear should "be carefully de
signed so that all parts are -properly propor
tioned and work'in harmony. \5 -*¦ -, ,
GAVIN McNAB SPEAKS.
Gavin McNab was the riext ( speaker. He
said: Q ¦ ;;i ':•:<¦»¦¦<-. - : ¦' : ;
The new spirit In California'.'- life, may well
be illustrated by ' the character of this ban
quet,-and by-the— variety-^- and extent of this
assemblage, 'gathered to welcome the head of
our greatest corporation. ..'. ...
California- hospitality*' in pioneer times has
passed. into :a ; proverb." r , It has been said that
whereas other peoples^had .the latch string out
for the stranger, ¦< the pioneers built their houses
with open doorways so- that strangers might
enter without knocking. More than olden time:
hospitality beams about these tables, and . Is
represented in .this welcome.. to-night. I There
Is a destruction of ancient prejudices. The era
of good ; feeling abroad ln the land- includes
the great railroad and offers to it .the . oppor
tunity to make of public opinion Its most valu
able corporate asset. ' In this room there are
now met to. extend the hand of good fellow
ship-yto the new president of the, railroad, that
Is California's chief artery- of commerce, those
who have been the railroad's- friends and its
foes, and for once you cannot tell them apart.
"•¦ When we speak of the new industrial move
ment and New California, far \ be I it from us
to Intend reflection on olden days.- No- other
State has such fascinating and romantics his
tory. The traditions of our early life were
unique and should be forever treasured ln the
memories of- men. California passed through
three distinct periods/ of romance.
• First, the coming-of .the. padres, whose foot
prints in their .spiritual journeyings sanctified
the soil. Next the settlement of the Spanish
dons, who . measured • land ¦ by the league and
not by the acre,- whosec cattle roamed on a
thousand hills and whose life" was patriarchal.
Then the period of gold, 'when the discoveries
of almost fabulous' wealth- dazzled the world,
and gathered here . the best of every race to
contest for the prizes of the earth, : ¦ ¦ <
After those times came an epoch npt'so sat
isfactory or so -pleasant. A time not rich in
poetry, adventure or achievement. Remote
ness from the large activities of the world pro
duced some of the faults of an Insular people.
Things small to a large world were large to
our- small world, and a lack of union and-con
centrated . effort prevailed among men. .
>I have sometimes- thought: that this period
found its characterization in the figure and
motto on the great seal of California. A
woman seated by the Golden Gate. The motto,
"Eureka! I have found it!" California was
seated by the Golden Gate looking, for a com
merce that did not come. The face of^the
woman growing sad with weariness, like.the
faces of the wives of Kingsley's three fishers,
who waited and watched for what never-came.
THE NEW CALIFORNIA.''"
But we have escaped from • those conditions.
We are in and with the New California to
night. A California through whose veins In
dustrial energy { is. coursing - and throbbing.
Where a united people, led by wise and patri
otic commercial bodies of this city and State,
are reaching for a foremost position in popula
tion, commerce and wealth, and wherr» Jabor
and capital are cementing ln friendship; wh«re
a thrifty and happy Immigration is attaching
itself to a fertile, soil; where a people never
before so blended is wooing fortune, not by
words or prayers, . but by aggressive efforts.
Nature created here great beauty. Moun
tain, valley and sea and vegetation combine to
make a spectacle not elsewhere seen. When
God made here a second Eden he intended it
should be the home of a greater and nobler
Adam. Beautiful as is" the picture of California
rising from the ooean to the Sierra's crown,
the picture is not complete. Against this ma
jestic background must stand a figure of a
great and powerful American, a Californlan
representing industry, success and moral
grandeur. It is this figure, replete with great
ness, that our commercial bodies and our two
great universities in friendly rivalry are en
gaged in placing there. .
The spirit that is here to-night Is not typi
fied by the figure of the seated woman by the
Golden Gate. ' Nor is it expressed in • the
motto, "I have found it;" But rather in the
motto, "I will do- it; I will make- it." The
figure to be emblematic of the new life "should
be of heroic size, erect and in action',' with
one arm extended for the commerce of the sea
and the other, extended for the commerce of
the land. • For under the new impulse', ¦ with
energy acd intelligence applied to opportunity
the unbounded resources or this State, com
bined witn her more than 700 miles of 3 sea
board,-must shortly insure this commonwealth
the domination of. the commerce of the' land
westward from the Mississippi and. the com
merce of the Pacific Ocean to its uttermost
shore. ¦ • . -. ...
INTERESTS. ARE MUTUAL.
The chairman called upon A. Sbarboro,
who spoke as follows: - - ' • ¦'•:-. 4.
¦ On behalf of the members of the- Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association of California
I tender -Mr. Harriman a hearty welcome -to
.San Francisco. ' '• .
Our association, Mr." Harriman, has had. the
good fortune of entertaining at the festal board
your predecessors, C. P.; Huntington and
Charles H. Hays, together with the efficient
officers of the Southern Pacific Company : ' i
These social gatherings have had -the effect,
I am pleased to say, to smooth over several lit
tle misunderstandings, and have brought forth
that harmony and good feeling between the
business people and the , railroad company
which is so essential for the prosperity 6t our
city and State. We have no doubt, that this
auspicious occasion will also conduce to' the
continued . good : feeling now existing between
the railroad companies and their patrons'. This
is a consummation devoutly to be ' wishe'd be
cause, as you. well know, Mr. Harriman, the
manufacturer," the producer and the merchant
are silent but very, efficient partners of, the
railroad companies, and therefore our interests
are mutual. :•'.¦•
Much has been said of late years about rail-
The locomotive of a few years ago* was a
pygmy compared with the giant machine of
the present day. The latest additions to freight
motive power have been christened "battle
ehips." One of 'these modern machines with
tender carrying; 6000 gallons of water, or ae
much as a tank car; and ten or twelve tons
of coal, or -half a carload, weighs complete,
ready for the- road, 'about'" 160 tons, carries
steam of -225 pounds .¦¦presEur.e generated In a
boiler made of. steel plates' an. inch thick, and
uses.-it.in v compound engines of de
veloping from '.1200 to 1WK) . horsepower.
: Trade is- the moving , spirit of the age, the
meaning of- the word implying-'opposite, though
¦not. opposing,^ interests, and Its successful ¦ con
duct depend3 upon' the maintenance of cordial
land friendly relations between the parties;
iteltharwcaa-expfci all the advantages and each
Julius Kruttschnitt was introduced by
President Newhall and in sp*- ing of- the
evolution in the workings o* -ne railways
of the United States and the still more
vast accomplishments . to be attained by
the industry, said: ;
CAPACITY OF ENGINES.
This State needs the railway- and the
way needs the State. - There Is nothing gained
by fighting. The great waste comes from fail
ure to co-operate. Let us not for a moment
conceive that we gain when there Is a fight
going on between the people ana the railroads.
The people are ready now to co-qperate, are
ready to putt with those who pull, hot to kick
with those who k.lck. The . motto ' for us is, to
Join with those who are trying to do something,
the lesson of the helping hand.
Because the railroads have not been for
mally adopted and administered by the State
it does not follow .that they have no public,
responsibilities. The public highways have
been adopted by the State, but It does not fol
low that the railroads should be so adopted and
administered. Railway science is in its in
fancy. It. requires the highest ingenuity. The
railway is not yet ripe for the steady, routine
that of necessity goes with State administra
tion. But it possesses a quasi-public character
that demands responsibility and is worthy of
public guarantees. It is fitting to-night to say
these things, because the deeds of our guest
have shown that he subscribes to this doctrine.
We know that 'on all the roads which he has
administered the heaviest steel rails have been
laid, curves have been cut out, trains run on |
schedule time. He has been ready to answer ;
to public demand, aye. to spur public demand
on.
SCIENCE OF RAILWAYS.
With the opportunities that come to the head
of a great railway corporation come the re
sponsibilities Of Its relations to the people. A
rallrcad creates society by rearranging human
beings. It creates wealth by rearranging the
objects of nature.
I am always glad to come over whenever
there is a banquet to a new president of the
Southern Pacific .- 1 feel kindly toward Dr. Jor
dan because he is always pleased to come over
to Berkeley when we inaugurate a new presi
dent. We presidents have a fellow feeling and
I am ready to admit that after the university
of California the Southern' Pacific is the most
important corporation in California. ¦ •
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California followed, s ' He
said in part: - : . '
Mr. Carnegie told me a while ago that the
foundation of his fortune lay in this: That
while other men were -employing men who
worked by rule of thumb he employed chemists
who knew most about the processes of the
manufacture of steel, and by this means he
was able to effect savings that led to his great
success. Such men as Mr. Carnegie recognize
that instead of hiring chemists they must make
them. In other words, they must furnish facil
ities for scientific investigation. It is this that
accounts for the absurd fad, as it may seem to
seme, of patronizing scientific research, of
founding universities. It is this that explains
the crowning act of the career of Cecil Rhodes,
in some respects a gigantic success and in
others a gigantic failure. ; .
President David- Starr Jordan of Stan
ford spoke of Mr. Harriman' s interest in
scientific research. Continuing, -e said:
PRESIDENT JORDAN SPEAKS.
'. From the thoroughness with which you seem
to be inspecting your 'properties and ' acquaint
ing yourself with i the existing : conditions on
this coast we feel sure -bt good results and mu
tual benefits, and 'I am certain that the mer
chants and the citizens in general will be" with
you in your efforts to develop our resources.
With the passing of the original builders the
roads, too, have passed. to new. owners not new
Californians. Mr. Harriman, we - congratulate
you upon having succeeded to and acquired so
valuable a property. The merchants of San
Francisco now desire a close and intimate re
lationship with you and hope you will be. at
least, half Calif ornian and be good to ua. ¦
Since it has been our good fortune to discover
that California has an abundance of cheap me
chanical power stored in. -her oil fields and
mountain streams we believe that the products
of our Pacific islands and of the Orient should
enter the United States through the Golden
Gate, be here prepared for the consumers and
by your system of railroads distributed to them
throughout the centers of great population in
stead of going to the Atlantic seaboard and
there manufactured for distribution. Give us
a ' rate of transportation I to the Middle West
so we can successfully compete and we will
Insure you a large increase: in business. The
consequent growth of new manufacturing In
dustries on the coast will add greatly to our
towns and population, inuring to our mutual
benefit. •; •• . - * . ¦
HOPE FOR THE FUTURE.
6uccess— political, financial, executive: They
knew no such word as failure. They built at
a time when such work was enormously ex
pensive and when many believed the roads
would never pay to operate. By their deter
mined will they overcame every obstacle and
successfully met every emergency, giving 'to
California its first rail connection with the out.
side world. They lived - to reap their well
deserved reward, but have now passed beyond
the cares and joys of this. world,; and the names
of Stanford, Huntington,' Hopkins and Crocker
will ever occupy a well-merited, proud and en
viable page in the history of California. . ¦
were engineered, financed and constructed .by
four enterprising Californians, who, as.. rail
road builders, have few, if any, - equals. • They
combined all the necessary qualities to insure
I wanted to see Mr. Harriman. I wished to
see the. man upon whom such vast interests
depend and upon whom so much of the future
of California relies. He (Mr. Harriman) had
heard many times of the Important • occasion ;
lie • had heard from Californians themselves
now diffident they were as to the past, the
present and the future. We had waited for
the hour, when the sun should shine upon you
sir,. and when you should beam on us; we
waited to tell you how to operate the roads
and to fix the passenger rateB and rebates, and
while I hope you will remain long with us, I
venture to eay that never will you; reach to
the heights or sink to' the depths- of the Cali
lornia .trader.- ;,,.•.¦? "..•,-' ;.;,.• , : ...
* This, sir. Is - the vianid' of -tjje hammer— part
tyl California consiete of, knockers. Just get
outside' the demarkatlon laid . for you . by the
Board of Trade or other mercantile organiza
tions and it -were better you had ne'er been
bcrn. But; sir, you have come to a community
that welcomes you with open hand, 1 believing
ln you as one who desires to do his best for
the people' and the State.
General W. H. L. Barnes was the last
speaker. He said in part:
GENERAL BARNES CLOSES.
Mr. Harriman, wl extend to you a hearty
welcome and extend to you good will. -, All'
those feelings which characterized the past
have gone and a better feeling now. exists
and hopes for the future. We have entertained
many statesmen of high repute, . gallant sol
diers and other celebrities, but never before
have wfr In this city entertained a man with
so great power in interests combined with our
own a« ln the person of Mr. Harriman. Mr.
Harriman has - become a part of our history
and through his efforts all may enjoy a com
munity^ of . interests. To those interests de
pend the further building up of our great
State. ¦ |
J./A. Fileher 1 read a letter from Genera)
Chipman, expressing regret at being un
able through indisposition to attend.
The chairman next called upon Frank J.
Symmes, who said:*
In • my ottinion ¦ the community of interests
can have only* the most -beneficial results. . For
the patrons. , of the road- it -omens increased
facilities ..without .additional cost, while for
the roads it means better transportation.
Chairman Newhall announced the un
avoidable absence of W. A. Bissell of the
Santa. Fe Railroad and the absence also
of. the representative of- the- California
Northwestern Railway.- -•-•..., .-• • •.-.-¦
- William. Sproule, the next speaker,'; at
tempted to show. that the sins of the rail
road man • arid the merchant were identical
and of similar, weight. Mr. Sproule, con
tinuing, said: '.
The railroads have in the past done a great
deal for the southern part of California, but lit
tle attention has so far been paid to the north
ern and central parts of the State, which have
resources,' climate j and opportunities far supe
rior .to those iof the southern part of California,
and -can -maintain twenty industrious settlers
where- now cit ; barely sustains one person. -¦•. .
¦The citizens of San Francisco have recently
initiated a, movement to develop the • resources
of the great .country north of the Tehachapi.
\Ve hope and do believe that your company, as
well as the other roads centering, in San Fran
cisco bay,: will heartily co-operate with our cit
izens in this laudable enterprise, which will in
crease the business "of the roads and help to
build-up Greater San Francisco and Greater
California. - ; : • • -•¦ ,.
OMENS -INCREASED FACILITIES.
, Permit me, Mr.- Harriman k to call your at
tention also to the opportunities which are now
open ! to the 1 railroads centering I in San Fran
! Cisco for the- development of the'central-north
ern part, of the State.
The approach to these depots should be either
through tunnels ; or openings, with proper safe
guards to prevent accidents. 'All proper facili
ties should be granted to the railroad compa
nies for entering ¦ this city, and on the 'Other
hand the railroad companies should make rea
sonable recompense - to - private individuals for
property taken from them. ¦ , -
In . the great . cities • of . the world — London,
Paris, Rome, New York, Philadelphia and Chi
•cago^-we see magnificent railroad depots right
in . the center of the ! most thickly populated
part of the, city. , , . . ; „.. . .. .;.
: ; If San Francisco desires" to become the. great
city which nature and circumstances have
made her she will have to be reasonably liberal
tothe capitalists who are willing to build rail
road facilities for 'the expansion of her com
merce, 'the convenience of her citizens and the
pleasure of .tourists. ¦ <>*.'*•*' " •
DESIBES :OP SAN FRANCISCO.
roads 'and railroad '¦ monopolies, yet I do sin
cerely, believe that it would be to the best In
terest of San Francisco to have this city grid
ironed by railroad tracks.- ' ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦'¦ ' .- ¦» . ¦
I - sh6uld • like • to see * the city, front with- a
complefe belt line, from China Basin on the
south to Fillmore street on the north, conect- j
ing one, Side with the shipping in the bay and
on the other with .. sjde tracks running into
warehouses for the : convenience or our • mer
chant, producer and manufacturer. .-¦ ' • , !
I should like to see a $2,000,000 railroad depot
built " right in the heart of the city and also
other depots in different convenient parts of the
metropolis. :,¦ ->. .. .-;/ : . ; • ; •
Continued From Page One.
2
A car-lor.d of Call Superior
Atlases arrived yemenlny and
n *? * ow ' *? nA Y *9«f. aiatrlbu-
tlo"n. All anbMcrlbern "to The
Call n re entitled to a'copy.'of
thl« great 1 book; at the. prem-
ium rat e> bf . fi 50. yont of
tovrn snbncrlbern «lc«trln>? k
copy of ~thlii aplentllii prem-
ium ;wlH'_ be ; nuppll«'d oii re-
ceipt' of • -Sfl • 5O. : All mail
orderslwlll be nlilppetl by ex-
preii, at subscriber's expense.'
' ADVEKTISElffENTa "
~PE-1U-NA^^ WOMEN "
JL J-J It \*J X^ JHL BENEFIT TO f ™ JLT II ,m AJL\ )
SAYS DR. M. C. GEE, OF SAN FRANCISCO/:
¦^^^/Mm\ Wwht^^S^ from 513 Jones street, San Francisco, CaL.
af fi y ' yl S\ \j^ when any one medicine cures hund-
'¦ * El I k I : ":- , J\ \ \i - ; reds of people, it demonstrates its
iff I i I . ' .' 0-i VV V| . own value and does not need the en"
al li -^^^v k-j^^v Hill! i\u dorsement of the profession.
jjl 1 1 I *^fiS£l350 h.\Y^ \\ \\ • •¦ wonderful cures in San Francisco
IJI '¦: I i\ \^^% '.^^'^^g^ .'Ywiii^ |r\V, that I. am convinced that it is a valu~
If // - ~ ¦ ¦ \* »i \ \ \\ ¦ able remedy. I have frequently ad"
/ ffi^^^^l^'^^Bt^^ffBflPSfe iv)'^ ul physicians,' but kept getting worse
*SS5StM3%!&&^ffl\ n asts* s~rrz n\C*tiSi f^&Z45%*+ ' and worse until I became bedfast. I was
«J^S&aSn»i^MllllZtf?. M. C GEB. IllSk^ EV-" : '7/B8BSi< ln this condition' about two years, under
l 5^S«^^^^i^PTr^-^=;^?=T* ! =^r«4uB!2^ V^l\ 5*ZZ^^- the attendance of four, physicians. I got
S^^^5 : no better during this time. Finally, look-
'*3&^' for the condition that causes them, Pe-
Mrs. E. T. Gaddls, Marion, N. C, is one of Dr. THartman's grateful patients. reUeve's evcry^le. "^Twlll Mt fail ta°a
She consulted him by letter, followed his directions, and Is now able to say the short time to permanently -benefit theso
following: - •-,"''» derangements. It will, finally, entirely
"Before I commenced to take Peruna I could not do any hard work ?}£e a g reat majority of them after an
•*/ a ' ra? • ' • tain ' ' a * • CISC H£IS icliltiU.
without suffering great pain. I took Peruna, and can say with pleasure if you do not derive prompt and gatts-
that it has done more tor me than any other medicine I have ever taken. !SSV£2\?Dr. Hartmln 0 /^STa
Now I am as well as ever; I do all my own work and it nevar hurts me at gu JS^S &?%**%? *8m* 32
all. I think Peruna is a great medicine for womankind." vice uratis. ¦-¦¦¦
V ' ¦ ' :' "- ' - «x>e c ' T" PAnniQ Address Dr. Hartman; president of The
; _ .._". - ,''" i ¦• .:*.' f*^. " & - - * Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio. .'..-
ADVERTISEMENTS.- « • , :
- «. j. j. . : . , : . , : . t , , ? . »».»$»»»»+»» ¦* >i>h> »»
* ¦ %
:: Purity and Maturity j:
\ \ Unite in making the i
<• superior quality of X
4* A.
'* . ±
I Hunter !
I Whiskey!
*i * Superb Flavor, Mellow V*';]
* and Rich %
% t
X Telephone Main 873. •*•"*• *¦*
I |
< HHHHtHfrg~;,Hfr4-4HiHi M j K . j. j, ,*, , t , , t , .j, g , t , t>lj ,
I We will aend the marvelous French Reraedrw
v^?^^ CALTHOS I
/y%& RT Wl FUEE byauU, (no CLO.D. er Frc B
IT/ fn & H I HripUaa Sehcn* ) and » legally ex- B
\frrzZ? _r- A eeucd gurwtee tU«.t CALTHOS will B
V^h < V Vlwr EmUslont, 0
V™lk, : <S£ PHDC 8p»nnotorrhe«, frt
C F*^KY\ DCCTfiDC L " Bt ¥\
" ncoTUnfc vtcor. y
i Useitandpay if satisfied. \ §A
Address VON MOHL CO., 476 B, M
Sole American AgenU, CI> CUiXATI, Q. J§|
B^ g^ H *^ :aCT^BBK?HWF^
...... ... . . . . _ ... *.-tLIFELIKE PORTRAITS OF NATIVE SONS, ACCORDING TO CARTOONIST, j
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S EVENTS AT' OAKLAND TRACK
Aged Native Daughter Dies.
SANTA CRUZ. April 30.— The oldest
native daughter of the old mission reg
ime died here to-day. Fallmato Castro
was born In Santa Cruz seventy-flv«»
years ago, and since that time this cify
has been her home. .
The ball programme was a work of art.
The cover was a representation of a red
wood tree, - with a bear at one side. It,
There have been social functions In
Santa Cruz, but the grand ball to-night
in. honor of the Native Sons outshone
thenT all. The armory was a scene of
brilliancy and the grand march was one
never to be forgotten. About 200 cou
ples participated. £ The march was led
by Grand Vice President Lewis A. By
ington and Miss Anna Linscott, followed
by Second Vice President R. H. McNoble
and wife, Grand Past President Frank D.
Ryan and Mrs. J. R. Williamson, and
Grand Secretary Henry Lunstedt and
Mrs..W. M. Aydelotte. Dr. W. R. Lins
cott. chairman of the ball committee,
was the floor manager, assisted by Ralph
M. Thompson, Harry S. Wauzer, Harry
J. Bias, James R. Williamson, John C.
Doyle. Enoch Alzina, F. W. Ruppert.
Robert L. Williams, Ed Daubenbis and
J. B. Cook.
NATIVES AT A DANCE.
Judge Frank Dunn, Judge Percy Long
and J. J. Knowland reported f«v th3
grand officers in regard to. the ritual and
a committee of fifteen was ordered ap
pointed to prepare a new ritual. •
Bear Flag party in the history of Cali
fornia had been expurged from the new
edition ," and the account was now his
torically correct. This report was fol
lowed by an excellent paper compiled and
read by Dr. Edward Gray of Berkeley,
who made a trip to Upper Lake and
Boonville and interviewed the only sur
vivors of the Bear Flag party. The paper
was highly appreciated as literary work
and as a true account of the origin of the
bear flag. It was ordered placed in the
archives of the Grand Parlor.
Last night's Masonic banquet Ia3tcd
into the small hours this morning. There
was se remarkable flow of oratory. Amons
those who responded to toasts were
Deputy Grand Master R. N. Henderson
of Stockton, Past Grand Master Thomas
Flint of San Juan, Past Grand Master
F. M. Angellotti of San Rafael, Senator
C. M. Belshaw of Antloch. Past Grand
President R. C. Rust of Jackson. Past
Grand President C. W. Decker of Palo
Alto, E. Myron Wolf. C. CosgTOve ot
Fresno, Grand Secretary Henry Lunstedt
of San Francisco, Mayor Catts of Stock
ton, County Clerk Frank C. Jordan of
Alameda.
In to-morrow's election, Lewis F. By
iugton will be chosen grand president; R.
H. McNoble of Stockton, grand first vice
president: Judge C. McLaughlin of Quin
cy, second vice president. For third vlco
president there is a warm fight between
J. Gallagher and Will Shea.
Albert D. Barham of Los Angeles will
be grand Inside sentinel, and for grand
outside sentinel the contest is between
J. Emmet Hayden of Marin and Bert
Levy of Lower Lakes. Seven grand trus
tees are to be elected, and there are
twenty men seeking the places.
RACING FOB THE OFFICES.
was illustrated with scenes of the city.
the cliff, the big trees, the wave motor,
and bear etchings in the humorous line.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
. CHICAGO. April 30.— Pending an Inves
tigation into the defeat of Kenilworth the
1 to 5 favorite In the sixth race at Lake
side to-day. Harry Stover and his- entire
string of horses have been suspended from
the turf. \
Harry Stover Is Suspended.
Caeear. Attel and Gus Saulsbury ama
teur boxers, have been professionalized b-"
the registration committee of the Pacific
Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union. They are charged with violating
amateur laws. \ s
Boxers Are Professionalized.
Rube Waddell is a great first baseman.
He ¦ plays the bag in perfect • style and
showed up yesterday as well as any of
the veteran guardians of the sack.
Josh Reilly did not have a single chance
at second, a most peculiar plight for a
second baseman to be placed' in.
The outfields of both teams had six
teen chances yesterday. This Is some
thing unusual. Not one error was made
in doing the work.
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire vs. C. dock's
Alameda Lad; J. F. Rodgers' Arbaces ! Vs E*
Geary's Roy Hughie: J. Trade's Belle Rocket
vs. M. Nealon's Fred Freedom; E. Geary's
Dathy vs. F. .Jones' Tyrone Prince; T. Jolley's
Toronto vs. F. Darling's Gambit; K. Thuemer'a.
Black Cloud vs. S. H. Wilson's General De
Wet; W. Cairn's Gladys Weller vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer; J. J: Edmonds' Go On vs
&i P ? rl . B 2! 8 B . eI i aSt: ,Y- C - Badger's Alert vs!
Chlarlnl Bros. 1 Bona. Magnlflea; P. Doyle's Lib
erator vs. J. W. Fahey's October Lad- H Car
penter's Black Fire vs. j. Seggerson's .'- Gold
Hill; J. Fogarty s Maid o* Erin vs Pasha
Kennel's May Hempstead; T. • Jollev's Little
May vs. C. G. Whallon's Gllmore; W. Cream
er's Lily Pike vs. C. E. Wiley's Alameda LaS;
E. Gearys Fannie Hughie vs. L. M. Manrell's
Jlmmle Anthony;- J. M. Ray's Doris vs EX
Geary's Ruby Sankey; J. Hurley's Sugarcane
VS - & £ C , ur^ 8 ' Me i ea: A - R- Curtis' Mn^nda
vs. M. Nealon's Pat Freedom; P. M Clarkson's
Miss Brummel vs. Pasha. Kennels' Rocker ° T
Millerlck's My Selection vs. A. Vanderwhi to 1 s
Flora McDonald; M. Kerrigan's PronTelheuI
vs. F. Rosenberger's Master Ely r c Grl«
•wold's Alice Louise vs. O.- Zanl's. Miss wiiann-
J. F. Rodger's Glaucus vs. J P Thrfft's Bru*
tus; E. Thuerner's Grey. Cloud vs Alamprtn
Kennels' Lilac; J. L. Ross' Creswick vs K>llv
& Hanley's Fearful Ship; c. Plckard^s bhJ^
Gold vs. E. McAndrew's Nancy Til" T JfVn
nln's Cronln's Wild Tralee vs. J. Kitchen's Honor
Bright; Yosemlte Kennels' Beauty Spot "j
J. Manning's Doreen; P. J. Horga'n's Pwrinw
vs. P. J. Reilly' s Honesty; S. A. Imlth'fpelro
nlus vs. J. J. Hurley's Querlta Vincent- Aen-fd
Kennels' May Morning Vs . Chiarinl Bros 'San^
tonln; C. G. Whallon's Miss Shirley vs" Pasha
Kennels' Rural Artist; T. Burke' s Aggie W v ,
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire: -T. Bu?k ? s John
C. Heenan vs. Yosemite Kennels' Mose-R
Geary's Bonnie Hughie vs. FP Clark's Jefl
The Oakland grounds are a little faster
than they were, but still there is room
for improvement. It is nearly Impossible
to get a scratch hit or beat a bunt on
them. - ¦ - • • .
Lawler was the only player to steal a
base in yesterday's fracas. He accom
plished this after a throw from a long
fly to left field. .." * ; .
Pete Lohman watched the players from
the grand stand and took care to observe
the fine points of the players. Pete sporc
ed a Panama hat and looked his best.
Holly made a beautiful stop of Ray
mer's drive in the second, but the modest
Angel beat the throw to "first.
Rube Waddell ignores the regulation
mitt at first and uses instead a plain
fielder's glove.
Waddell will pitch for Los Angeles this
afternoon and Glendon may oppose him.
NOTES OF THE GAME.
Two-base hit— Leahy. Sacrifice hits — C.
Reilly, Nordyke, Jones, McHale. First base on
errors — San Francisco 1, Los Angeles 1. First
base on called balls— Off Meredith 1, off Jones
3. Left on bases — San Francisco 6, Los Ange
les 5. Struck ouU-By; Meredith 4, by Jones 4.
HJt by. pitcher— Toman. - Time of game — 1 :35.
Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If 3 1 0 0 5 0 0
Bone 2b 3 10 0 10 0
Lawler, cf ;.... 3 11 1 5 10
Nordyke, lb. ........ 2 0 10 8 0 0
Holly, ss 3 0.10141
Shugart, 3b......... 3 0 1 0,0,00
Leahy, c ; 3 0 10 6 0 0
J. Reilly, 2b ...3 .0 0 0 0 0 0
Meredith, p 2 0 0 0 16 0
Totals 25 3 5 1 27 11, 1
LOS ANGELES. .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Toman, ss ...8 0 0 0 10 0
Hannlvan, If 4 0 2 0 ' 3 0 0
Householder, c£ 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Raymer. 2b ...4 110 13 0
C. Reilly, 3b 3 0 0.0-2.1 0
Waddell. lb 4 0 0 0 9 1 0
Anderson, rf .3 0 1 0 2 1 0
Roach, c 2 0 0 0 6 2 1
Jones, p... ...2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals ...29 1 4 0 24 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ;"
Los Angeles 0 10 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
. Base hits 0 2 1 0 1.0 0 0 0 — I
San Francisco..... 0 0 0 10 0 0 2 x — 3
Base hits........ 0 1 0 10 0 1 2 - x— 5
SAN FRANCISCO.
The weather .was cold and chilly and
the game lacked the vim which makes
the fans arise from their seats to orate
on the respective merits of the favorites.
The only time any cheering was turned
loose occurred when the mighty Rube
Waddell fanned the air on two different
occasions. Rube did several funny stunts,
but they \ were offset when he biffed
the air. Rube, however, took his medicine
as a matter of course and passed out the
high sign to the crowd, a sort of mys
terious message which 'conveyed the idea
that the big southpaw, had something to
spring in the future. .
The Angels made : their only ' impression
on the score board In the second inning.
Raymer hit. passed short stop and Reilly
sacrificed him tq the second landing.
Great things were expected of. "Waddell.
but he fanned the atmosphere three times.
Anderson hit to left territory and Ray
mer was there with Los Angeles' only
point! ¦ . •' ¦ .
The Ponies did a fast turn In -inning
four when Lawler tripped the cushions on
a walk, a sacrifice, a stolen base and. a
hit by Shugart. ' The final run-earning
was done in the eighth round. Meredith
accepted a. free ride to first and Roach
missed McHale's high bunt. Bone forced
Meredith at third, but McHale got home
on Lawler's drive to center. Bone soon
followed on Nordyke's well-placed single
in the vicinity of the score board.
Both Meredith and Jones twirled In ad
mirable style, but- the local southpaw had
the better of the argument. The score:
The score tells a different tale. Three
Ponies finished in the money, while a
lonely Angel managed to drag himself as
far as the home station. * t
The northern debut of Jim Morley's nine
ball tossers was not what the Los An
geles public prophesied. The inhabitants
of the southern ,city said mean things
about the Ponies and insinuated the
Angels would make Harris* tribe look as
though they came from A second-hand
store. ¦ •-<". :• '
Cold Weather Mars Work
I of Both ' Teams at Oak
land Grounds.
Pitcher Meredith Proves
Too Much for Los
'Angeles..
PONIES CAPTURE
THE FIRST GAME
Unfortunately, though, for the commit
tee, J. Booth, the rider of . Mission, was
not waited upon, and he became am
bitloup. Going out In front with the 10
to 1 ehot. his ears were deaf to all the
signals for *'down brakes," and he won
Five events had been decided
previous to this, of which number "the
favorites had taken but two. In this par
ticular selection there were to be no mis
takes. El Mido, the mount of II. "Wil
liams, received the nomination by accla
mation.
dusky riders and their
I mounts participated In the last
I act of the racing season yester
jJL day at Oakland track.
¦> Sixth'- race,- • four and . a hall ' furlongs—Bobbl
net -won.'; Kuarkle - .Esther second, ••: Sweet - v Jane
third." Time, :6S.
- -Third race, one mile and. seventy yards. sell-
Ing — Trump won; '<• The Referee second, : Lucky
Star third, i Time, '1:49 4-5, • ,j
'"Fourth race, five and a' half furlongs — Trent
ham won." Dinoro II second, < Queen of Dlxlana
third. Time; 1:113-5. :-* .
'- Fifth race, : seven furlongs, handicap—^Carroll
D won. Himself second. Price tlitrdr Time,' 1:30.
First race," five and. a half furlongs, selling—
Iridescent won. Free Lander second. White Owl
third.,' Time.. 1:10. • . .
-1 Second race, five, and %. half furlongs — Malster
won, '• Barnaby second, Seeurry third. Time,
i:09 3-6.;- ' *-'. "~ : -. ¦ ¦ '--';-; • ¦ • -¦•
NEW YORK," April 30.— Aqueduct results :
First race, .six furlongs, selling — Tom Collins
won. Masterful second, Pillardlst third. -.Time,
1:19. • v ¦ ¦•¦ ¦*¦¦- -
Second race, four furlongs — Cantilever won,
Mallory second," Stand Pat third. Time. :51i4.
Third "race, five and a half furlongs — Joe Les
ser won, Sally, Green second. Anonymous third.
'' Fourth race, 1 four furlongs, r the Belle Meade
stakes— Olif ant won, Dolly Grey second. Lorina
third. ' Time, : :51',i. j • ¦' • •
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Kinloch Fafk
won, Elsie Bramble second, . Carat third. Time,
Sixth race, six furlongs — Echodale won,
Alea second. Assessment third. Time, 1:18. v
First race, ¦ four and a half furlongs — Goudy
won, ' Overlaca second, Lucy Crawford third.
Time, :57 1-5.- . ' •
Second race, one mlle^ — Irmaa Choice -won,
Dandok second, Lucy Lockett third. Time,
1:44 1-5. - ;
Third race, six furlongs — Censor won, Hom
age second, Pompino third. Time, 1:16 2-5.
Fourth race, six - furlongs— Approved won,
Zeil second. Siphon third.- Time, 1:16.
Fifth race, one . mile — Pyrrho won. Tommy.
Foster second, Donator . third. Time, 1:42 3-5."
Sixth race, one mile — Otis won. Lingo sec
ond Kenllworth third. Time, 1 :42 2-5. . .
• Seventh race, mile and an eighth — Malay
won Vincennes second, La Spara third. Time,
1:66*4-6. ......
Marcos finished first, but was disqualified for
fouling. : '. ' r.-' ¦'
• NASHVILLE, Tenn., April 30.— Cumberland
Park results: •/ ,
CHICAGO, April 30.— The Lakeside meeting
came to a close to-day. Worth opens to-mor
row. Resists:.. . *
Eastern Racing Results.
John Crow displayed great cleverness
in his bout with Dick Cullen. Crow was
given a decision after four rounds of fast
fighting.. : ' ¦ ¦
., Willie Tardilll made Nat Shoor quit In
ten seconds. . Joe Carroll defeated- George
Hanley. irr four rounds. The latter lacked
experience, but' was game. -' - ..
¦^Kid" . Parker dimmed the aspirations
of Harry Killen In the second round. Haa
Jimmy Adams a slight knowledge of the
boxing game he would have beaten Joe
Regan. • The latter Was awarded a de
cision at the end of the fourth round.
Fred Landers knocked out Eddie De
vine in the third round. Landers was too
strong for his plucky opponent. Tommy
Snailham went at Arthur Reno in ham
mer and tongs fashion for four rounds.
Johnny Hennessy and Jack Hurine ap
peared in the main event. Hurine won in
the third. ... '
, The San Francisco I Athletic Club's
monthly boxing exhibition last night came
up to expectations. • • "
tors With Exciting Bouts in San
Francisco Athletic Club.'
Entertain a Large Number of Specta-
AMATEUR BOXERS SHOW
FAST SPORT IN RING
Mayor Catts of Stockton, for the com
mittee on literature, reported that the ob
jectionable paragraphs in regard to the
The resolution introduced by Walter D.
Wagner, in relation to the Big Basin
grove of big trees, created much discus
sion. The resolution was adopted. It
commends the last Legislature for having
appropriated $250,000 and urges the com
mission to consummate the purchase of
Big Basin. A committee of- five was cre
ated to wait upon the commission. . *
Washington Dodge's speech of yester
day In behalf of irrigation and, forest
preservation brought forth fruit and to
day the following committee on forest
and irrigation was appointed: Washing
ton Dodge (chairman), D. Pfelffer of
Redlands, N. Levy of Visalia, L. D.
Thompson of Woodland and R. H. Mc-
Noble of Stockton.
A pleasant event this morning was the
visit paid by the Donner party commit
tee—C. W. Chapman, James C. Tyrell. T.
H. Perry. Morris Levy and Bert Levy
to, one of .the survivors. of the Donner
party. Mrs. F. Reed of Capitola, who is
better known as Little Patty Reid of the
famous band of pioneers, is now a resi
dent of Capitola, and at her home the
committee was hospitably received. *
PRESEBVATI0N OF SEQUOIAS.
Acting on the report of the committee
on returns, Modesto, Bear Flag and In
vincible parlors were- suspended and dis
solved. , .
A communication was read, asking the
Native Sons to assist in providing a
suitable memorial for St. Peter's Chapel
at the Mare Island navy -yard. It is de
sired to have a fine window placed in the
chapel in memory of Rear Admiral John
D. Sloat, Commodore Robert F. Stockton
and Admiral D. G. Farragut, who were
identified with the early history of Cali
fornia. This question was referred to the
committee on the state of the order.
The question of the adoption of the Cali
fornia Review as the official organ of the
Native Sons was referred to the incoming
grand officers. The second Sunday in Oc
tober was named as the date for the Na
tive Sons' memorial services.
WASHINGTON, April 30.— Lewis F. Bying
ton. Grard President N. S. G. W., Santa Cruz:
The Secretary of State will make a new lease
of Custom-house at .Monterey to the members
of the California commission.
FRAKK COOMBS.
1 in the election of officers, which
will end some lively campaigns . for sev
eral of the places. .- .
During this forenoon's meeting the fol
lowing telegram was read: . - : • .
ANTA CRUZ. April 3O.-The
(V^ Grand Parlor, Native Sons of the
<S) Golden West, will close its ses-
sion to-morrow. ' Interest centers
Monroe Johnson rode the favorite; Duk"
of York. He enjoyed the excitement and
pasting scenery with the case and com
fort . of an English tourist from his re
clining chair on an observation car.
Nothing was taken seriously In- this par
ticular instance, and the positions of the
horses will not figure seriously in v future
"dope" operations by form students.
The closing day was largely attended by
the race ' going public. There was busi
ness enough in the ring-, for half a dozen
by five open lengths in race horse fashion
Possibly after the race J. Booth would be
called to answer before a higher tribunal
and It might be that he would find his
toilet disarranged. At any rate, behind
him finished the discomfited H. Williams
on El Mido, with Monda third.
OAKLAND 3LACETRACK— "Wednesday. April SO.— Weather cloudy. Track fast.
3677. FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; three -year-olds and up; to first, $325.
• i j j ¦ Betting.
Index 'Horse. Age. "Weight. jSt. *i. %. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
:;676!Ja.rr. d'Or, 3 107 2 7%6h~41 Ins J. P. Atkin Troxler 5 . 10
o675 iMay W, a 119 3 In 1 V.i 1 n 2n D. Cameron Prior 2 6-2
3675 'Sea Queen. 6 119 1 2 1 4 2 2 V s 3 »4 John A. Lewis Hoar 8 10
«o«61);Narra G, 4 116 5 5 !i J 4 5 's < 2 Miss C. Gibson... Howson 10 30
<C6X3)jMi!as. 3 110 6 4h 3 3 J 2 B U Jennings & Co... L. Daly 3 1.1-5
,;6«9 ISollnus. 3 107 4 3 1 21 61 63 Ll Levy Frawley 4 5-2
o647 Yellowstone, 3 110 7 8 1 6 '4 7 3 7 5 W. P. Fine Buckston 60 300
3673 (Breton. 3 110 8 U 0 SI SI ] Mrs. Lottridge... Webster 100 . . 200 ...
'Saul of Tareus. 5..121 8 61819 a jL. O. Walz. .Burllngame 10 12 '
Time — '4. :24%: »4. :43U; «;, 1:14%. Good etarZ "Won first three drlving^/Wlniier.- J. If.
Atldn'e b. g. by Golden Garter- Rlcardo. Winner superbly handled. May w felt better to
day. Milas stopped as if afflicted with the gout. Sollnus did fairly well. Claudle Bur-
Ungame^ couldn't get^ Saul Tarsus away. Scratched — Beau Monde 124, MacFlecknoe-121.
S678. SECOND RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
j j — — — — _ — i Betting."
Ir.4ex,Horse. Age. \Teight. St, %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op.. Cl.
."657 IPorous. 3 105110 9'^7n 4n 1«4 UA. Blasingame..Troxlr 7-2 4
3«59 ISlr Claus. 3 98 S 11 1 l*i 1 1 2 *& Lewis & Merr'thr-.Rnsm 6 10
::6S7 lUef Prince. 4 IIS 1 6%4^3i4 3'i William Cahill Hoar 10 12
3661 ! Rasp. 4 112 2 3n 3% 2 h 43 J. Green Prior 6 -:" 4 ;
3652 'Lena, a 114 5 7%6>*71 5 »4 F. T. ICicholls...Howson 6 4
3653 Swiftlight. 3 99 9 10 i, 10 1 8 1 6n E. M. James... Donnelly 20 10
3665 ,La Borgia, 5 U4 4 4 2|i .i 1 4h 74 Elmwood Farm. ..Tullett 25 20
S673 jDawson. 3 ...100 13 11 h 9^92 85 W. B. Sink Jr... Webster 6 10
."0-71 IMike Rice, a 116 7 2^2h 614 9 1 T. E. McLaughlin.Bozmn 10 " 13
SSfl* jBaldo. 3 97 6 12 1 11 1 10 4 10 6 B. Schreiber Sheehan 30 40
S275 |KaEtalne, a. 114 8 6 n 13 H 11 2 II 2 K. M. Borchert-Burlgam 60 100
3641 ;intrada. 4 110 12 13 2 12 >£ 12 12 E. I. Wheeler See 40 50
3tK» (Headstrong, 3 102I14 14 14 13 13 E. Blazer Bell 30 60
3*517 IRionda. 3 112!ll 8 1 8 Ih 14 14 R. Hughes McCarthy 15 20
Time — 3 ,», :25H: 3 .4. :50: %, 1:16: mile. 1:42. Good Btart. Won first three driving. Win
*ner. L. A. Blasingame's b. c. by Wernberg- Chevy Chase. Porous splendidly ridden and
best. Sir Claus improving. Rasp quit. Scratched — Gold Baron 116, Catherine Bravo 110.
3679. THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
' I I ¦ I ~ Betting.
Index 'Horse. Age, Weight. {St. %. Str. - Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
», _ M . I 1 , I I j. , m^—^-^—^m~-~
S061 limiiouon. 4 10S 6 8 1 2 1 11 1 1% W. D. Randall.. See 12 15
S63S jJohn Bogge. 5 111 5 44 41 2h 2n J. g. Gibson Howson 12. .3.7:
SCSI ITIburon. a Ill 4 6 1 5 '£ 4 Vt 3 14 Egbert & Co Prior 4 7
3«6S -Limelight. 6 Ill 7 3h 3 h 3 'j 4h William Cahill Hoar 3 13-5
3«42 (Golden Light, 4...10S 9'9»±61 51 51% R. T. Doefner. .Frav/ley 5 7
3671 !Th<5 Miller, 6 Ill 2 2h 7 % 7 2 6 2 G. P. McNeil. .A. Kelly 10 15
S57» iSc. for Scandal, 4.. 106 3 1111 61 71 J. Web*r Troxler 5-2 9-2
::642 Straggler, a 112 12 7 V-, 81 82 82 O. W. Boeseckc.McCarty 6 9-2
36*a iBagdad, 5 Ill 110 1 9 9394 H. L. Haskell Bell 40 30
:;5%3 iNellie Forest. 4.. .106 11 8 h 10 10 JO Magrane & Co.. Donnelly 10 30
3670 JMarineuse, 4 Ill 8 12 11 11 11 J. Conway Bozeman 15 20
iQutright. a 11110 11 12 12 12 Mrs. Cunningham... Fogg 300 300
Time— 'i. :23'J; %. :4S^: %, 1:14; 6%f. 1:21. Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. W. D. Randall's ch. gr. by Tiger-Gypsette. Winner a shifty one. Bogga
ran a nice race. Limelight quit. School for Scandal has lost her speed. Straggler in the
ice chest. Scratched — Hilary 111. Maresa 100, Parsifal 108, San Venado 114.
S(»SO. FOURTH RACE — One mile: Town Hall handicap; 3-year-olds and up: to first. ?400.
I I Betting.
Jed ex Horse. Age. 'Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin, j Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3fi2i ii>l Goleta. a 10.1 5 4»i3h 12 13 Baldwin & Co.. Ransom 5-2 3-2
<SG45)!Eor.ie. 4 10S 3 5 5 5 2 4 Caesar Toung... Donnelly 1 3-2
SCtft i Hagerdon. 5 107 2 In 22 2h 3 2 H.L.Frank Prior 4 6
<-eC9)!Flush of Gold. 5.113 1 3 »» 41 4 15 4 10 Owen Bros Troxler 5 '6
Sf-TO lEecalante, 3 91 4 22 1%81 fi Baldwin & Co.. Sheehan * •
. Tiwe— M. :24'A: M. :4S»;: *i, l:14>i: mile. 1:40. Fair Etart. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. m. by Amigo- Rosebud. Winner carried the
coin and was good. Eonic was rated. Hagerdon was dated. Scratched — Antolee 10S
"Coupled with La Goleta.
-~- — ~~>~. 1 -^- , — -^^^v^-^^.
86S1. FIFTH R.VCE— l'j miles; celling: throe-year-olds and up; to first. $325 ; . .
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St. U. %. Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op."**}?!.
8f70 Frank Woods. 6.. 109 12 81 2% 12 12 Garden City Stable.. .See *" 3 8.5
3656 Hcrton, 6 113 5 112 72 3 14 2 «i J. McGovern Prior 8-2 7-2
3656 Elfonce. 4 1«J 1 3n 4 % 2 2 3 4 C. P. Fink Hoar 10 25
3670 [Maraschino. 8 ... 91 6 7 m S >i 4 h 4 n J. C. Humphrey.Sheehan 8 16
3670 I Expedient. 5 ....108 4 13 13 7 1 5 y. P. E. Smith Fogg 15 30
r.c,7« IMcNajnara. 6 107 8 6h J% SI 6*3 Magrane & Co. .Donnelly 6 15
SC-,8 Uloha II. 5 107ill 10 *4 10 H 9 2 7 2 Jones & Co Howson 8 6'
S056 Brutal. 4 1061 3 5 *i 6.% 10 1 8 h B. Schreiber Troxlcr 5"' ¦ 5
3CS6 Sim-ictus. 4 103111 9 i,i 5 1 Rh 9 2 James Wilson ..Ransom 20 30
SfiT4 !\\-Indward. 6 110! 2 4 1 3 h Jl 1 10 2 Hennessy & Co....Feary 15 12
3«52 IPlan. a 107 10 12 ',4 12 1 12 1 113 J. Conway Frawley 10 16
30S2 IKickumbob. 5 ...107'.n 2 *i 1 \Vt «1 12 1 r>. O. Walz...Burlingame 15 40
36S2 ISunello. 5 1071 7 1 % 11 1 13 13 |M. Storm Webster 30 50
Tiinr_Vi. :24%: >4. :49>/i: %. 1:15: m. 1:41%; l^m. 1:54«4. Good start. Won handily 6e<s
ond and third driving. Winner, Garden City Stable's b. g. by Gano-Aunt Betsy Frank
¦"Yoods a bonder to-day. "Monk" Sheehan on Maraschino did his best. Scratched— M«*.roDs
107, Alicia 103, CaneJo-105^ .
S6S2. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 50 yards; selling; Darktown Derby; 4-year-olds & up; $325.
Index Horse, Age, Weigh* St. U- %• Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. Op!" 11 ?!". '•
3T*; [Mission. 6 147 1 12 12 1% 18 James Wilson.. .J. Booth " ifT R
3670 ,i:i Mido. 6 147 3 '3n 41 22 24 J. S. Campbell..WlHlams 5 U-B
3330 IMonda. 6 147 5 433h 4h 3h M. Abes ...Howley 15 -?0
<::f/2)|DuVe Tork II, a..l47 2 2h 6 1 3 1 4 h I. Morehouse.M. Johnson 6-5 •'
3071 [Elmer L. 4 150110 10 4 10 10 6 % 5 h Klunder & Bums.Madlsn 8 j i 5>
3fi76 il»yal S. 4 147| 7 91-51 5164 V. Gilbert... Razor Ppte 6 10
3^S iLodcstar. a 147 11 II 10 11 25 7 1 7 3 O'Keefc & Co. . A Nixon 8 12
8450 j Sam Green. 5 147 6 8n 8 3 91 81 J. Sheehan .'a- Lpp 10 Xk
36*3 IBarnato. a 15<) 8 5b 2 1 8 h 96 Little & Co.'Gator Jones 6 10
8632 [Killeen. 6 147 4 6 ij 9 4 10 10 10 M. Lottman...V Powell 30 50
S6<52 The Gaffer. 4 147 8 7h 7^11 1120 J. H. Siropson...M. Dora 8 12
36ST JMaster Cal. 4....147 12 12 12 12 12 F. Kistenmacher. . Brown 20 .20
Itmi'—li. :25%; J£. :54%; %. 1:174: m. 1:45; m 60yds. 1:48%. Good etart. Won handily
Second and third driving. Winner. J. Wilson's ch. g. by Albert- Annie Layne. El Midi
ncmlnated by acclamation. Mission polled a strong up country vote and won out Mister
Johnson on Duke of York rode like a man that desired to be fourth. Lo } - a i 8 detained
. Five stakes in all will be decided at
Union Coursing Park on Saturday and
Sunday. _ Two of these, a sixteen-dog
champion stake and a seventy-dog open
stake, aro for the dogs exhibited last
week at the Kennel Club' Show In Me
chanics* ' Pavilion. -.. Rubber Ankles, win
ner of the prize for the best greyhound
in the show, will be an absentee. She
shows signs of distemper and no chance
will be taken of injuring her. The draw
last night resulted, as follows:
Sapling stake — F. F. Clark's The Coroner vs.
M C. Delano's Conroy; E. B. Reed's Real
Duchess vs. Pasha Kennels' Ready Address;
Pasha Kennels' Rike'e AmlRO vs. E. B. Reed's
Mark Twain; E. Ready's Lost Girl vs. H. A.
Deckelman' s Flying Pasha.
Reserve stake, sixteen entries-J. Morlarlty's
Snapper Garrison vs. T. Maher's Bad Boy; A. J.
Ernest's Rich Argosy vs. W, C. Rodgers' Fear
less; .1. Kelly's Governor Mac vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Fly by Night; J. 8. Badt's Lovlna vs..
E Geary's Minnie Sankey; W. C. i Badger's
Helene vs. D. Dillon's Challenger; F. Rosen
berger's Lady.Chiquitavs. D. Toland's: Pleas
ant Girl; J. F. Rodgers' Erebus vs. F. P.
Clark's Glen Roy: F. C. -Mack's Delia M vs.
J. J. Edmonds' Morning. Glory.
Class reserve stake, sixteen entries — P. M.
Clarkson' Prompto vs. Chlarlnl Bros.'
Dewdrop; Chiarinl Bros.' White Hat
vs. G. Sharman's Little ' Sister; : C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard vs. F. Jones' Lady New
ark* A. R; Curtis' Old Ironsides vs. O: Zahl's
Homer Boy; A. Vanderwhite's Lear King vs.
G. Sharman's Sir Pasha; P. M. Clarkson's
Flower of Gold vs. Sterl. & • KnowlesV . Cold
Shivers; E. Ready's Full Moon vs. P." M.
Clarkson's Sofala; J. L. Ross' Loyal Lad vs.
P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter. • ' . .,
Bench show champion stake, sixteen entries —
A R. Curtis* Luxor vs. Chiarlni . Bros." Tame
Tralee; A. R. Curtis' Narcissus vs. E. Geary's
Palo Alto; • F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. :D.
Walsh's Sacramento Boy; Alameda Kennels'
Melrose Lad vs. Pasha Kennels' Real Article;
A., R. Curtis' Flying Fox vs. A.. R. Curtis'
Charta; E. Geary's "America vs. T." J.'Cronln's
Tralee Boy; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
II. H. Gray's Rona; A. • R. Curtis'.. Lost Chord'
ve.'-T. J. Cronln's "Vandal. V"$39HQG!9EPHBgi
Bench Show open stake, seventy entries —
Bench Show Greyhounds
- to Course at Union
Park.
CHAMPION DOGS
ON THE FIELD
E. C. Hopper, associate judge at Oak
land, departs to-day for Latonia, to at
tend his duties as secretary at the com
ing spring meeting to be held at that
point. Charles F. Price will preside )n
the stand there. ¦ . -
Judge Murphy and family left for St.
Louis by last evening's overland train.
Later Judge Murphy will 'preside in the
stand at the Butte, Montana, meet.
Track Notes.
Probably best • and bet on to a stand
etill, 'Frank Woods decamped with the
mile and a furlong purse. Taking the lead
when half the route had been traversed,
the Gano gelding was wafted in with the
breeze, an even two lengths In advance
of Hcrton. Hoar on Elfonse was third.
Five started In the Town Hall handi
cap at a mile, with the Baldwin pair. La
Goleta and Escalante, coupled, ruling
eoual favorite with Eonic. La Gbleta
seemed to have fully recovered from hsr
late severe indisposition, for she won
"buck-jumping" in 1:40, three lengths
ahead of Eonlc. Donnelly rated the lat
ter mare, and his work was a master
piece of art. Hagerdon snapped up third
money from Flush of Gold.
Only a few days .back "Billy" Randall
started his recent purchase, Illilouon,- but
the Tiger gelding failed to come through.
Held a 15 to 1 chance in the betting on
the six and a half furlong sprint. See soon
had him in front," scoring easily at the
wire from John Boggs and Tiburon.
Limelight, the favorite, could do no bet
ter than' run fourth.
more books. The sport proved above the
average even if there were several sur
prises.
May W, it was reported, would "do the
trick" in the opening six-furlong sprint,
but the Calgary mare was nosed out by
JarretJerre d'Or, piloted by Roscoe Trox
lerv The latter three-year-old closed at
10 to 1 and to his excellent handling could
be attributed the victory. The mare from
the Calgary country closed a slight
favorite over Milas. The last named colt
retired in the stretch after looking all
over a winner. . -.-..¦
There was no pronounced favorite for
the mile selling -affair, with a big field of
fourteen facing the barrier, Porous, Rasp
and Lena all being posted at'4 to ir-'-Str
Claus made all the running, only to be
collared and beaten the last hundred
yards by Porous, astride which .Troxler
rode a patient and persevering race. Lief
Prince finished third. The winner was
bid up $300 over his entered selling price
of 5200 by S. Merriwether.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 1, J902i
Lively Contests for Several Qrdnd Parlor Offices Will \
Be Decided by the Delegates To=day.
NATIVE SONS TO WAGE WAR
WITH BALLOTS FOR WEAPONS
3
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
' A cap-load ol Cook Book*
. Jn»t arrived from Chicago and .
are ready for dlstribiitlon at - '
the; bn«tnesB office of, this'
paper. All Call Mabticrlbern '
¦" are ' entitled to"a copy of thin \
great Cook Book at the prem-
ium price of fifty cents.
yAn additional charge of 2* -A
cents to ;; pay eipressngc vrrill^
- be, required from ont ot toWn
¦ubBcribers orderlngr .' by mail. . j
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS. ,_ 'f:^U
C^^^W-; I \®l f eta Berx&ficisJly, \
/ • s yf"P °f Fi g s appeals to the cultured and the
// M/'^f^'kj/i' "•-¦^^^^^f / well-informed and to the healthy, because its com-
'^f/\/)£- ' ' " - I ponent parts are simple and wholesome and, b'e-
/Jt^Vf ---. cause it acts without disturbing the natural func-
:^^^^^^^^^^^^^0'< tions, as it is wholly free from every objectionable
y j<^0vi^^^^^^^^^^^^^-S quality or substance. In the process of
y£X. y ' i^^^^^^yj^^^^jKjk manufacturing figs are used, as they are
f\:/i?*fs0? '^^^^^^^W^ tj pleasant to the taste, but the medicinal
¦.' ¦s*?!x%2& virtues of Syrup of Figs are obtained
s$$0? rom an excellent combination of plants
\yM^^^^^^^^^^^i^^m/ VflllJffi known. to be medicinally laxative and to
\^j^^^^^^^^»^g%^^^ /$$ JI&0? ' To get its beneficial effects — buy the
xIS'^^^^^^^^^^^ 's|^4 t^i^M^ genuine — manufactured by. the :
'^K)t&' L^ isv '»»'«y? kKTFra ' rNCiSCO;TC "«wY6rk;N.Y.. ,
-<^ips> j-, p; by alii <ivu66\Ata. Price^fifty:ccr\t5 pef_ bottle.
I To dress well
I does not require a large expense- — it merely in- |
I '¦ vol ves good judgtnent in selecting a reliable value
I at a price consistent with the quality. -
I Our made-to-order clothing is sold at the
] | very lowest prices the quality -of the goods and a
i safe business policy warrant.
1 Through many advantages we are in a posi-
I tion to offer the best made-to-order clothing for
j the price of any store on this Coast. »
I '- This fact is vividly exemplified in the wear ||
I of our garments. gj
I Protection with every purchase — a liberal |
I guarantee. Suits to order from " . |
$10 to $30 1
I , Samples freely given for the asking. I
I Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled—
fa satisfactory lit assured through' our self-measuring system —
a write for samples.
I 718 Market(Street and |
I Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets E'In the confusion attending; the arrival
of so many delegates to-day, opinion on
the important subjects of the, next gen
eral president and the admission of color
ed clubs to membership,. in. the.. general
federation does not seem to have • crys
tallized. Most of the . prominent officers
and leaders in the club ¦ movement were
reticent when approached* on', these sub
jects. Mrs. Denison of New- YorkV is
prQminently mentioned as. the" Eastern
candidate for the presidency,,. while .Mrs
Simpson's Auditorium • will hold only
the accredited delegates, and there is a
general demand and much disappoint
ment In store for the thousands of woman
who desired to attend. the ; . sessions of the
convention. There was a discussion to
day by the programme committee of the
suggestion to hold overflow meetings and
it is quite probable that • such 'meetings
will be arranged in order to give those
desiring to attend an opportunity to hear
the addresses to be made by well-known
clubwomen and others.-' 1
PRESIDENTIAL ASPIRANTS. ',
social hall. The annex has-been, beauti
fully decorated with flowers.- and' made
comfortable In every ' way for the arriv
ing delegates, ¦ thousands of whom
thronged the place to-day.'
'.LOS GATOS, April . 30.— Arrangements
are . now ; complete for . the Knights . o:
Pythias reunion . to be held here to-mor
row.' This affair is under, the auspices o:
a committee from the various lodges o:
Santa Clara and San Mateo counties. Ai
excursion- over the broad-gauge railwa>
;Wlll ; be run from ¦ San Francisco ' by.;- the
:1902 committee, 1 1 while • .'a . narrow-gaug<
train' has been provided by the Alameds
County committee ,to accommodate thost
from. the east side of the bay. ~
i Immediately upon * their ¦ arrival - in Los
Gatos a parade will . be formed, : in con-
Junction" With ' the floral, parade of ,th«
Board of Trade. After luncheon the ad
dress of the day will) be delivered by Hon.
D.-C.; Clark, the newly elected Mayor ol
,Santa Cruz, who is prominent In Pythian
circles. "There will be a 1 competitive drill
by; companies of the Uniform. Rank foi
cash I prizes donated, by ' citizens of " Los
Gatos. Companies from Santa Cruz, San
Jose, San Francisco, Oakland and Berke
ley will •compete. ., In- connection with the
Pythian Jubilee. the local Board of Trade
will hold a floral festival and'parade.-, •....•.-:
K.NIGHTS OF PYTHIAS -. */*
•¦':¦ REUNION IN LOS GATOS
The '.toreroom and stock of E. A. Ross
are a total loss; S. Vanderberg'a jewelrj
store is ruined; Buxton & Co.'s loss is
partial, may be total; Nicholson's tailoi
shop destroyed, but much of the stock re
moved; R. Doll's saloon probably will go
together with S. Griswold's bicycle store
Dobb s delivery and Rice's barber shop
A meat market and one or two smallei
establishments complete the list.
These will be all of the losers, unless
the fire breaks over the line of brici
buildings. No insurance estimate can bt
made till morning. So far as known there
was no loss of life. . "••
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 1.— Fire startec
at 12 o'clock this (Thursday) morning ii
the store of Ross, the tailor, and at :
o'clock is still raging, though being
brought under control. No accurate esti
mate, of the damage can be made at. this
time, • but It will amount to many thoU'
sands of dollars. , - • .
The granting of the subsidy, is. on. con
dition that the Canadian Pacific Railroad
build a new vessel to take.' the place -of
the Islander,. to be the largest and* beet
fitted in the northern, service. . Three
steamships s will operate from . Vancouver
the. year round." .The construction: of , the
vessel, which wlllarrlve on- this coast in
time - to : take • un ¦ the ; northern run next
season, will • be commenced' at ; once, - and
as she is subsidized by the • Dominion
Government she will.be built in: Scottish
yards. ! ¦ . . - *¦:-¦*-, .-.• ,-.• 7 .
Ever since, the development of northern
trade Vancouver has been at a disadvan
tage as compared with Seattle during the
winter season by reason of the fact that
Canadian vessels could not afford to make
closely connected runs, as, through freight
traffic to the Canadian Yukon amounted
to practically nothing ' and ' passengers
were few. On the other hand the Amer
ican vessels running north from the
Sound had the freight and passenger
trade of the | Alaskan coast portfe to . fall
back upon during the off season arid that
. traffic has been sufficiently great to . pay
for the operation of the various vessels.
From Vancouver Canadian steamers have
been forced to go right through to Skag
way without, a call. During the'^winter
and when Yukon. River navigation is
opening and :: closing • there ;is . nothing ; in
the route for. Canadian: vessels, , but now
with the. aid of the Government, a regular
and . permanent service is assured to -the
Canadian cities. ¦ ¦ • ; •*>:'•
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 30.— The Do
minion Government has decided to grant
a substantial subsidy to the Cana
dian Pacific Navigation Company, to as
sist in the operation of steamers between
this port and Skagway. For* two years
the Canadian Pacific Railway. Company
has operated the line^at an annual loss
approximating $100,000, exclusive \ of the
loss sustained by the wrecking of the
steamship Islander. This deficit has been
occasioned by the lack of continuity of
trade 'from here and by competition with
American boats from Puget Sound. The
amount of the subsidy has not yet been
definitely announced, but.it is said to be
between 1100,000 and $125,000 a year and
all the coastwise mall contracts, as well
as those through. to Dawson. .
» J r °iT nisnt , tne vlsItIn S Foresters attended
the Masonic Home Fair in large numbers.
It was decided that the limit of the time
allowed for the sitting of the Supreme
Court should be .restricted to eight days,
at the end of which time the court should
adjourn to San Francisco and hold one
day s session in Red . Men's Hall in that
LOS ANGELES, April 30.— The second
day's sessions of the Independent Order
of Foresters were taken up in' debating
the recommendations made by Supreme
Chief Ranger Oronhyatekha in his report,
and in electing officers for the ensuing
term. The morning session was held be
hind closed doors, with the supreme chief
ranger in the chair. The voluminous re
port of the head of the order was dis
cussed in detail/particular attention be
ing devoted, to the radical changes recom
mended. The debate was spirited at
times, especially on the proposed amend
ments to establish a siok benefit depart
ment and to give the supreme chief
ranger power to create Foresters at sight,
both of which were considered radical
departures. Final action was deferred for
the present and the report was laid aside
at the end of- the morning session. : •
The business of the convention was re
sumed at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. A
communication from the Mayor of Mil
waukee was read by the supreme secre
tary, extending a cordial invitation to the
Supreme Court to hold its next session in
that city and pointing out the advantages
that would accrue to the order should
the court decide -to meet there. Kansas
City. Boston and Quebec were other bid
ders. The outlook favors the Hub city.
•The election of- officers was then taken
up. Dr. Oronhyatekha was placed in
nomination for re-election as supreme
chief ranger. The convention rose ¦ en
masse and greeted the chief with enthu
siastic and prolonged applause. He was
elected by acclamation. The supreme
ch ief ranger addressed the delegates,
thanking them -for the honor. •
Judge Wedderburn of New Brunswick
was re-elected past supreme chief ranger
by acclamation. .•> ¦¦¦-.
An Early Morning Blaze
Rages in Arizona's
Capital.
Dr. Oronhyatekha Is
Re-elected Supreme
Chief Ranger.
Gives Generous Subsidy
to Hold Alaskan
Commerce.
CANADA BUILDS
UP HER SHIPPING
PHOENIX FEELS
GRIP OF FLAMES
NEW YORK. April 30.— The United
States battleship Illinois sailed to-day
with Rear Admiral A. S. Crowninshield on
board. He will take command of the
European station and take part in the
naval ceremonies at the coronation of
King Edward. The Illinois is commanded
by Captain George A. Converse.
Crowninshield Sails for Europe.
FORESTERS HONOR
CHIEF OF ORDER
At Simpson's Auditorium, where the
sessions of the convention will be held,
a large tent has been erected to serve as
an annex for the accommodation of- the
various committees, local and otherwise,
the State registration headquarters and a
All the . national officers have arrived,
Mrs. George H. Noyes, general auditor
of Milwaukee, being the last to reach Los
Angeles.
ALL OFFICERS PRESENT.
The Santa Fe brought in three special
trains late this evening, with 500 dele-'
gates aboard, including representatives
from Missouri, Indiana, Nebraska, Ohio
and Illinois. These delegations were due
at 1 o'clock in the afternoon, but were
delayed five hours en route. New York's 1
delegation of 156 members and a second
party from Illinois came in at 6' o'clock
over the Southern Pacific, via El Paso..
A St. Louis and Pittsburg special, and
a party from Missouri, arrived at 2
o'clock, as did two specials with scatter
ing parties of delegates. A Raymond -
Whitcomb party of 350 came over the
Southern Pacific at 5 o'clock. The rail
roads estimate the number of those ar
riving to attend the convention at about
S000. Besides these, there are thousands
coming to witness the Fiesta celebration.-
clubs, the various head
quarters in the hotels and in Simpson's
Auditorium have become centers of
bright color and lively action. Many of
the specials were late in arriving and a
few still are hours from the, convention
¦city; yet the thousands here and ready
for the opening session to-morrow gave
the Impression of lively meetings In pros
pect. ? k . -¦'¦",
._. OS ANGELES, April 30.— With
B the arrival of many special
Jf trains from the East and
B North, carrying delegates to
B V the biennial convention of the
*^^^^^ General Federation of Women's
wards Run Into Trouble at
Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. April 30.— Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Brassell, who were married at
Haywards last Thursday, came to Sacra
mento to spend their honeymoon. It ap
pears that the. groom sought a little re
laxation last night, visiting one saloon
after another and imbibing generously at
each. The bride resented this early dis
position to disregard the restraints of the
marriage state by starting out after the
wayward husband. She overtook him and
tugged at his arm, imploring him to re
turn home, but, it is charged, he struck
her. Quite a crowd collected to watch
the outcome of the meeting, but proceed
ings were cut short by the arrival of a
policeman, who arrested them both
• Bride and gToom spent the night in the
City Jail, but Justice Anderson, when he
heard their story to-day, told them to go
and enjoy the rest of their honeymoon
in peace.
Newly Married Couple From Hay-
THEIR HONEYMOON ENDS
IN A CITY PRISON CELL
SACRAMENTO, April 30.— The census
marshals who have been taking the gen
eral census of this city in connection with
the school census, by order of the Trus
tees, made their report to-day, showing
the total to be 32.623, as against 29.2S2. the
return for the Federal census of 1900, a
gain of 334L There has always been a
feeling that the Federal census was not
complete, as many families declared that
no census taker called on them, and the
present census would seem to confirm that
belief.
STOCKTON. April 30.— The second an
nual census of San Joaquin County, taken
by the Chamber of Commerce, was com
pleted to-day. So far as the returns have
come in from the country districts re
markable gains are shown, but the outside
districts will not be complete for several
days. In the city of Stockton, from which
returns are complete, superficial inspec
tion of the summaries shows a gain of
803 over the census of 1900 in the city
proper. Still larger gains are shown in
the suburbs and the population of the
city and its three chief suburbs will
amount to over 21,000. The enumeration
completed to-day gives 18,309 population
inside the corporate limits.
Result of the Enumeration of the
Population of Sacramento
and Stockton.
INDICATES THE FEDERAL
CENSUS TO BE FAULTY
TACOMA, April 30.— Leaving Nome on
January 10, Judge Wickersham and Guide
Louis Lane made an important and in
teresting trip of scientific research to Es
kimo tribes living at Cape Prince of
Wales. For twenty years Judge Wicker
sham has been an authority regarding the
customs and habits of Pacific coast abor
igines. Previous research had convinced
him that the North American Indians
are descendants of Mongolians who were
wafted across the Pacific Ocean in junks
or other small craft by ocean currents.
His trip to Cape Prince of Wales en
abled him to obtain additional facts tend
ing to prove the reliability of this theory.
For nearly a month he lived among the
Eskimos, a close observer of their cus
toms, while he investigated their legends.
Appreciating the importance of his of
ficial position, the Eskimos devoted them
selves to his entertainment. They loaded
him down with curios, some of which are
rare and will be sent to the Smithsonian
Institution. At Cape Prince of Wales he
could look across Bering Straits and see
land in Asia. He ventured out to the
edge of the solid ice, three miles from
shore. Judge Wickersham suggests that
a biograph picture showing the ice floes
moved northward by ocean currents
would make a most interesting eight,
though lacking the awe-inspiring sound
of the ice pack grinding against the solid
ice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Reinforces Theory of
Asiatic Descent of
Indians.
Judge Wickersham a
Guest of Alaskan »
Eskimo.
TRACING
ORIGIN OF
POOR LO
Rumored Coming of
Colored Delegate
Causes Some
Uneasiness.
Special Trains Bring
Host of Fair Vis
itors to the
State.
ARMY OF EASTERN CLUB WOMEN, EIGHT THOUSAND IN NUMBER,
MAKES WILLING CAPTIVE OF THE SOUTHLAND CITY OF ANGELS
WOMEN
TO ACT
ON JURY
May Be Asked tg Try
a Liquor Case in
Pasadena.
Deputy District A ttor=
ney Favors the In=
novation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASADENA. April 30.— The trial of a
liquor case by a jury of women is llke.y
to be the novelty witnessed here in two
weeks. Deputy District Attorney Fred
ericks favors the plan and has found no
obstacle in the way. He says he certainly
shall call for a jury of women unless some
good legal objection can be raised.
This move is not one of choice so much
as one of actual necessity, as a case just
concluded by Fredericks shows. For the
last four days, until yesterday, he was
in Monrovia looking after the prosecution
of Mra. Dora Thomas, charged with sell
ing liquor without a license. It was Mrs.
Thomas* second hearing, she having been
arraigned I in Azusa recently, when the
prosecuting witness failed to appear.
Three days out of the four consumed by
the second case were spent in trying to
get a jury- The prosecution challenged
all of the known club and saloon advo
cates or sympathizers in the panels and
the defense challenged all of the known
temperance people. It. only required two
hours to hear the case after the jury was
once sworn. The jury, having been out
more than twenty-four hours, reported
that it had disagreed and was dismissed.
In two weeks the case of Mrs.
Thomas' husband, also charged with sell
ing liquor without a license, will come up
here. Fredericks has been "racking his
brain to determine where he shall find
enough men to compose a jury. The
names of nearly all the men in the town
ship have already appeared in the venires
exhausted. . -
"What's the matter with the women?"
was the happy thought that struck the
Deputy District Attorney, as he pondered
over the question. And he mentally an
swered: "They're all right."
Then he looked up the law on the sub- ¦
Ject. Section 198 of article 2 of the Code
of Civil Procedure states that jurors shall
be citizens of the United States, twenty
one years of age, residents of the State
for one year and of the county for ninety
days, in possession of their natural facul
ties, of ordinary intelligence and not de
crepit, possessed of sufficient knowledge
of the English language and assessed on
the last assessment roll on property be
longing to them or as a member of a
partnership whose property is so assessed.
As there are any number of women who
hold property in their own right and
others who have their husbands' property
in their names, there will be no difficulty
in gathering: a feminine jury, unless the
defense can prove that women generally
would not give a saloon-keeper half the
chance that the law allows.
SOME OF.. THE NOTED LEADERS
IN THE GENERAL FEDERATION
OF WOMEN'S CLUBS. ': .
. WAR CLOUD LOOMS UP.
In view of the. fact that there are sev
leral presidential candidates in the field,
the suggestion that certain members of
the nominating committee' may be de
barred for having been chosen illegally Is
creating discussion among the .women.
•>• The thought; that a question of legality
might come up in this regard had not oc
curred to most of those who are here to
represent the various States, and the lo
cal club women have given the subject
little attention. Arrangements had been
made by certain of the delegates to hold
their meetings for choosing members of
the nominating committee before the
opening of the convention and it is be
lieved . that this has been done in one or
two instances. ¦ .
There are in the city, however, women
fin, president of the Women's Era Club of
Boston," and a, colored woman, is en route
to Los Angeles. JAa Mrs. Ruffin is one of
the most ¦• prominent club women of the
East and - .has. -.many, friends among the
high officers of - the .General Federation,
her presence .In Log Angeles at this time
may ,have some influence in the settle
ment of ' the color question, which will
early come prominently before the con
vention. . •
Platt-Decker of j Denver and Mrs.. Rob
ert J. Burdette of • Pasadena are- the
"Western candidates.- It is generally con
ceded that- the honor lies "between these
three women, although there will be
others in the field. . -' .
•There is some agitation and embarrass
ment among the delegates -over the ru
mor that Mrs.; Josephine St. Pierre Ruf-
who are well informed as to parliamen
tary law, and who propose that the pro
ceedings shall be carried forward in a
l<gal manner. Should there be a closo
contest in the selection of the president,
it is likely that these fine points of law
will be introduced and that trouble may
be caused for the . women who neglected
to observe the correct mode of procedure.
BONES ON UNION ISLAND
THOSE OF A SEA ANIMAL
Scientist Says Skeleton Unearthed by
. , : ; - Japaaesa May Be That--of ......
a Whale.
STOCKTON, April 30.— The party, in
cluding Professor Osmont vt the Univer
sity of California, returned this evening
from the place where the immense bone3
were lately uncovered on Union Island.
Professor Osmont says the bones are not
those of a mammoth or mastodon. . but
that the skeleton is that ; of a whale or
some other large sea animal. A thorough
examination of the removed bones . and
the place where they were found was
made and as soon as the water can be
pumped out of the excavation the re
mainder of the bones will be dug up and
removed to the university.
RICH GOLD FIND STARTS
STAMPEDE FROM TONOPAH
Indian Leads White Prospectors to
Beds of Ore at Lone
Mountain.
VIRGINIA. Nev., April -30.— A special
dispatch received to-day fully confirms
reports that a great gold find has been
made at Lone Mountain, thirty miles
west of Tonopah. The ore body is forty
feet wide and is said to average $100 to the
ton. The discovery was made by an In
dian, who took white prospectors to the
scene. There is a big rush from Tonopah
and Sodaville.
The recent strike in the Fraction shaft
at Tonopah increases in richness. Vast
ore beds are exposed.- The new discov
eries make the district a world beater.
FIESTA IS UNDER WAY.
Streets of Los Angeles brilliantly
Illuminated at Night.
Official decorations are completed and
to-night the fiesta flags, already furled in
place, were cut loose.
LOS ANGELES. April 30.— With the ap
proach of darkness this evening 1 the elec
tric illuminations were turned on and the
Fie3ta may be said to have opened. The
principal . downtown streets— Main, Spring
and ' Broadway— were to-night lighted by
thousands of vari-colored electric bulbs,
fashioned into fanciful designs, while
flags and bunting decorated every window
and doorway. The city was crowded with
visitors and the spirit of the Fiesta per
vaded the atmosphere. The only thing
worrying the Los Angeles people is the
likelihood of rain before morning, which
would spoil the decorations and make it
generally disagreeable for the visitors.
The sky is heavily overcast and a brisk
wind blows from the east, foreboding
showers, as already predicted by the lo
cal forecast official.
The main three streets of the city are
strung with lights on both sides as far as
Seventh street. Wires strung from pole
to pole bear red, white and blue incan
descent lights, while each pole is . sur
mounted by a cluster of colored lights
The big electric flag is the crownlne tea.'
ture of the illumination.
RAILROAD EXTENSION
SIXTY-TWO MILES LONG
EUREKA, April SO. — The California
Midland Railroad Company, which was
incorporated in this city recently, will be
gin operations at once to extend the E°l
River and Eureka Railroad from Bur
nells to a point on Eel River five miles
from the northern boundary of Mendo
cino County. The new road will be sixty
two miles in length, and besides opening
the rich district in southern Humboldt.
will form a desirable connection for the
California Northwestern road, shouli.
that Hn» extend northward from Wlllitts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, THUKSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
STRENGTH
Is an attribute of manhood universally
desired. Few people understand that the
only source of physical strength is food,
and that every one who has sufficient
nourishing food should be strong But
there are thousands of puny people who
have plenty of good food.; Howis that
>^**jK ' explained? The
i^S*»£?N»!i^ explanation is
yS|35gjg^'\. simple. Food
WwT ¥ ,^ i<xs not nour-
\\ <& &\ tire body 'un-
V »¦ I less digested
\ . «a^k /. an(^ assimilat-
JS^^^y ed. Diseases of
wwi^yy • the stomach
/£^vPI v\ « ans <>*, di ges-
/*^nA«W A tion and nutn-
(w '^iwr " Sjiml\ tion hinder the
1 /^ ¦ jfg?P* lation of the
I / jBs^^J n H tr^ on con-
l <i a&nSSi&m tained in the
1 f°od eaten. Thus
ML. *** e stren S^ 1 °f
wasted.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and its al-
lied organs. It causes the perfect diges-
tion and assimilation of food and thus it
makes men and women strong.
"I had been suffering from indigestion so
badly that I could not work more than half the
. time, but now can work every day and eat any-
thing I want." writes Mr. Victor t>. Hayden.'of
Blaekstone. Nottoway Co.. Va. « Why ? Because
I took Dr. R. V. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery. It has put new life and energy in me, re-
stored my health and made a man of me once
more. I used to 'weigh 170 but had gotten down
to 144, now am back to 160 and will soon be back
*t my_ old weight if nothing happens. Your
medicine has done it all"
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." ' * ...
The People's Medical Adviser, 1008
pages, free on receipt. of, stamps to pay
expense of mailing, only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper-covered edi-
tion, or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound
volume, to Dr. R.V." Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
!ggj| JAimUAL • ¦ CIjAMNCE SALE~
- ; |. v :v. : '. ; "~~^ ".' v CARPETS.
¦¦.:;¦.«*$§&, I Immense line of the -.highest grades of Body Brussels
liKl • • ere^S^d^ d * M V ?r yard ' n ° W ° fj
¦'^P*X^v ' lcrieu at 2 and *L25 per yard
'' •f/?' / ? -; ¦ High . f f^ f^ xminsle !; Iatest * colorings, reduced
, -•- ¦-,- ,-.- ¦ , .. . ...-..: - ; to $i.C0 per yard. .
DFniTrTTriMC I Best ' Ta P estr y Brussels, reduced from $i. goto 75c per yard.
: iKLJ#yvllUI13" : ¦ Above prices jprs for the goods SEWED, LINED and LAID. ."- :
IN EVERY ~ —^ '~— - ' "'¦
DEPARTMENT ' w ORIENTAL RUGS.
* We offer a Jarge assortment at reductions varying from
'; .<. , -.-. — — — :' 25 to 40 per cent. •'-
: ? jr ' ' . invitQ '/"'P^efioa of, stock and comparison of prices.
i ' :^P ;• -:'". ; W. &J. SLOANE & GO. <. .
Carpets. Furniture. Upholstery.
.J;.,. .,;..;'; : ;y vfi- : ; ': » 4 - 122 post street, ¦ san francisco.'.'Messrs. Cadwalader. Miss Ethel Cooner, Mr.
- and '» Mrs.- James . Carolan, . \ Misses Carolan,
- Messrs; Carolan, Mr. and Mrs. Maurice Casey,
Mr. and Mrs; -, A» Center, Miss : Center. Miss
¦Elizabeth- .Center. -Alexander Center, Mr. and
'• Mrs.-A. T Chesebrough. Misses Chesebrough, Dr.
" - S. Clarke Collins, Miss . Colburn. ; Miss Cole,
- Mr; andMrs: Crimmons,- Mr., and Mrs. W. B.
Collier, Misses Collier, Misses ; Coleman, I-»u
¦" yom-Coleman.: Mr. and • Mrs. P." B'. Cornwall,
•Bruce : Cornwall, Mr- and Mrs. William H.
-Crocker/ Mr. -and 'Mrs. HI A. * Crocker. J. Car
.: rigan, Mr.- and Mrs. 'J; 3. Crdckett, Miss Cos
'¦ grave,'- Miss -Hortense"; Childs, Dr. "artd Mrs.
wCluness, Misses Cluness, Mr., and Mrs. \ George
' C.kCarf,' Miss -Lizzie M. Carr, 'Mr.--: and Mrs.
*¦> Cruz,' •¦¦ Mrs.- • M. 15." Conway, *- Miss.: Conway,
' ; Misses - Crellin," Misrs.- Chabot, Mrs. : A. Chabot,
-" s Miss" Crosby ;> Miss --G. M. Church, "Miss Edith
' CoXhead;- Miss -Eleanor Connell. Mr..' and Mrs.
H George Cameron, Evan J. ! Coleman, J. V. : Cole
.man,- Mrs.-.W.,'. G.' Curtis, , Mrs. IB." B. Cutter.
• * -Mrs: i Davenport, Miss Davenport/ Dr. and
n Mrs.' HH C. .Davis,- Misses David, Messrs. Davis,
'"'Mr" and ;Mrs. AV E:' Davis, Miss Dillon, Miss
>Kat* Dillon/;- Mr: and Mrs. W. E. Dean. Mr.
¦'and" Mrs.' James Denman, .William Denman, Dr.
¦¦' Palmer -H;. ¦ Dnnbar, Mr, v and Mrs. Albert W.
: Drown,* Misses Drown,- Mrs. • Josephine A. de
!' Greayer, J Miss C. ¦ de - Noon. ¦ Miss de- Noon,.
¦ ¦¦George Dennison, Judge and Mrs. S. C. Den
•-scn Mr : and -Mrs. M. H..de Young, Miss Ethel
-, llean, Mrs. -Frank S. Douty.; Thomas .A. Drls
'¦! coll - Mrar-DriacoU. Misses- Dunham, Mr. and
'.Mrs. -William J. Putton,, H.. G. Dutton, Mra.
•'Sallif Davenport, Miss'Danforth, Mr. and Mrs.
• Edgar J.. dePue, ; Dr. -and Mrs. Q. Q. Dunbar,
¦'George' Davis, -'Miss Sarah G.' Drum, , Mr. and
; Mrs.-, Grayson.' Dutton,' Mias Dolbeer, Mr. de
Guigne, Mr. ' and Mrs. ' Henry,- L; Dodge. Major
• and' Mrs. : John A." Darling, r:,,.-. -• v ' - ;
Dr. and, Mrs. G. W. Elllnwood. Miss EUln
• •\vobd" 'Judge and Mrs. Perry Evans. Mr. and
j Mrs I H.' William Eells Jr.. Misses Eells. Dr.
' George • E. * Ebrlght, Wallace Everett. , Robert
Mackenzie, Mr. Mackenzie, Miss Sparks, Mr.
and Mrs. Robert McCreery# Chicago. .V -
George NewhalU Bishop and Mrs. W. F.
Nichols. Miss Nichols, Rev. John Nichols, Mrs.
N. S. Nokes. Miss Nokes, Mrs. George A. Nor
ris Miss Hazel Noonan. Mr. and Mrs. EdwiR
W Newhall, Mr. and Mrs. W. Mayo Newha\*
Mr. and Mrs. F. G. Newlands, J. Le Roy
Misses O'Connor,- Mr. and Mrs. I* .Owens.
Frank Owen Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnar>\
Miss Marie Oge. Mr. and Mrs. Hermann OeU
richs, Mrs. ' Henry T. Oxnard, James G. Ox
nard, Miss Orndoff. "¦¦•"'
Mr. and Mrs. John W. Phillips. Mr. and Mrs.
Edgar F. Preston, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Pren
tice, Whitman Prentice. Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Pond. Samuel M. Pond. Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Pond, Miss Paterson. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Pal
mer Miss Palmer. Silas T. Palmer. Miss Mar
garle Postlethwalte, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce.
Miss Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. Horace D. Pills
bury Dr. and Mrs. George H. Pomers. Mme.
Julie' Pracht. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Pomers, Miss
Polhemus, Misses Pringle, Alfred Pratt. Horaco
Platt, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Pages, Captain and
Mrs. A. H. Payson, Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Pease,
George C. Perkins. E. S. Pillsbury, Miss PUls
bury. Prince and Princess A. Ponlatowskl.
George A. Pope. Henry Pierce, Edgar r>. Pelx
otto Ernest C. Petxotto. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Pickering, frtr. and Mrs. E. Palmer. .
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Queen, Mls« Queen,
J °Mr. h and Mrs. y 'l. 1* Requa, Mr. and Mrs.
Mark Requa, Captain and Mrs. A. F. Rodgers,
Misses Rodgers, Mr. and Mrs. E. Black Ryan.
Misses Ryan. Dr. and Mrs. C. M. Richter,
Mr and Mrs. W. P. Redington, Miss Louisa
The residents of the Ocean Beach dis
trict filed a petition with the board ask
ing that school quarters . be rented be
tween the Cliff House and the Ocean
House to accommodate some fifty-two
pupils, many of whom live three miles
from the nearest schoolhouse.
The trial of Miss Mary McKinney on
charges of alleged incompetency was laid,
over for one week. The application of
Truant Officer Floyd that he be allowed
an assistant was taken under advisement.
Leaves of absence were granted to Mrs.
M. Nellis, Miss R. C. Gallagher, Miss S.
M. "Wilson and Miss J. Leszynsky.
.The board instructed principals by cir
cular to post a notice that any pupil who
cuts or defaces a schoolhouse is liabla to
suspension or expulsion, and that tho
parents are liable for the damages. Prin
cipals will also advise teachers to occa
sionally lecture their classes on moral
education and manners, and to read to
them the school regulations.
The Merchants' Association urged the.
board in a communication not to con
struct a twelve-class schoolhouse at the
corner of Flood avenue and Edna street,
for the reason that the location is at the
extreme end of the district and the ma
jority of residents live at the other ex
tremity. The association suggests that a
six or eight- class schoolhouse be built
east of the power house, and another six
class school somewhere In the neighbor
hood, of the proposed site. J .. m "'.
Dr. Robertson notified tho board that
James B. Sykes, a teacher In the depart
ment, had settled his bill which threat
ened to cause the latter some trouble for
violating a rule.
Superintendent Webster protested
against the board imposing a fine of $»
upon one of his deputies, L. A. Jordan;
for neglecting to file a monthly report
submitted by Principal Bush of the Poly
technic School. - On Webster's showing:
the board decided that it had no power
to fine school deputies and Jordan's de
mand was ordered to be made out for the
full amount.
The Board of Education met yesterday
aod adopted a resolution remitting tha
fines imposed on teachers for tardiness
during the late street, car strike.
—Miss Mary Denis, a teacher in tha
Spring Valley School, tendered her resig
nation, which was accepted. She will be
married shortly.
Superintendent Webster was instructed
to ask that different arrangements b©
made for the unloading of prisoners at
the new police station on Fourth and
Clara streets. Webster stated that under
the plan now proposed an objectionable
sight will be presented to ' the pupils of
the Whittier, School, which adjoins the
station. ¦ C_ ¦••
Ocean Beach Requires
Schoolhouse for
Children.
Late Strike Excuses
Tardiness of All
Teachers.
ESCAPE
PAYMENT
OF FINES
IN BEAUTIFULLY DECORATED CHURCH AND BEFORE SOCIETY
ASSEMBLED, MISS HUNTINGTON IS WED TO GILBERT B.PERKINS
-•',-.;;;?•• ¦¦, ' \ .-¦¦;',•:¦>;. .¦¦¦.- ¦ ¦ -. ¦ ¦ ¦ - • -•¦: ?;-.'-•¦¦ -. '
THE SAN TBANCISGO^^ O
Continued on Page Seven.
r." Misses ; Hamilton,' Messrs. Hamilton, " Colonel
and-Mrs. i. Southard • HofEman, 1 Miss Alice C.
Hoffman.'- Messrs;; Hoffman, ' Mrs. ; H.' W. Ham
ilton,* Mr.'- and Mrs.*-, William F.Herr in, .Misses
Herrin,- Mrs. -Henry,' Miss Anne Lawson, Henry
James, 5 Poland . Henry, •: Mr. and ' Mrs.* Edward"
Whitney j Hopkins, Mr." and Mrs. Timothy Hop
king,'. Major and Mrs. William B." Hooper,: Miss
Rose °lHooper,\ John , A. ( Hooper, j Miss • Jeanette
.Hooper,^ Misses .Hager,. Charles. Haser, ¦ Miss
Holbrook,-Mr. and Mrs.'. E. ¦ Burke Hallidle.'Mr.'
and Mrs, S. W." Hallidie, Miss Hallidie.'Mr. and
Mrs. 'Walter. Scott , Hobart, Mr., and Mrs.. Wll
lard'V.-.'Huntington, 1 ; Miss ¦"¦ Huntington," Miss
Hush.T Mrs.'. Phebe A.', Hearst, ; Captain John ' P. ,
llaines,; Messrs. ji Howard,' Messrs. 'Hines, ; Mr:
andSMrs. ¦ I.",.'W; : Hellman, 1 Misses ". Hammond,'
' Mr.'[ and * Mrs. 1 Hammond, . : Mr. ¦ and Mrs. \ James
"Hogg, 5 Miss t Mabel •_ Hogg, : William - r Hogg,^ Mr.'
and • Mrs,* J, A.] Hosmer."; Miss Hosmer, ; Miss M. '
'Hough ton;.-: Mr.:., and Mrs. v J.' Osgood .Hooker,'
Mra.tEmma Howard, Mr. and Mrs.* Horace Hill,
Eyre,' Miss Eyre, Lieutenant Embrlck, Mr. and
Mrs. D.v N. . Earl, . Thomas EUlridge, Mr. and
•Mrs. -A/. B.'. Ford,- Mr. and Mrs. James Follls,
Mr. and Mra., Arthur Fickenscher. Dr. and Mrs..
Campbell" Lord, Mr. and Mr3. Arthur AV.'Fos
ter. Mfsses Foster, Messrs. Foster, Mrs. Jerome
FiUmcre; Miss Bl.lmcre. Mrs. Edward P. Farns..
¦worth.', Miss Farnsworth, ¦ Rev. and Mrs. R.-C.
Foute,.; Mr. Jand .' Mrs.- James Athearn' Folger,
Clarence ' P: Follis. Misses Field. Charles N.
Felton, ' Robert E. Frolich, Mrs. John D.- Fry.
Robert :D." Fry, ¦.William P. -Fuller.' Mr. and
Mrs.;H; S.'Foote, Mr. and Mr<«. Newton Foster.
• x Dr. : . Henry. Gibbon3, Jr.,' Misses Gibbons, Dr.
Newton Gibbons, Henry WalteriGib
bons. Mrs • Albert • Gerberdins, . Mr.- and 'Mrs.
•Albert Gallatln, Miss Gallatin, Miss Juliet Gar r
ber.^.Mrs. ; George W.' Glbbs, Mr.Tahd Mrs. Jo
seph D. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. ! Adam Grant,' Miss
Grant, '.William T; Goldsborough, Dr. ; Henry S. j
Greenleaf. ¦ Dr. and Mrs.' John de Lafayette
CiJssim," Miss -Alice; Gregory, Mrs. .Henry Pay
son. Gregory, Mr. and Mra. O'B. Gunn.Miss
Kate C/Gunn; Mr. and Mrs. William M> Gwin. .
Herbert-, Gee, Frank Grace, Frank Goad,. Clay
; G6odwin,;Mr.. and, Mra. Philip K. Gordon. Mr.
and Mrs. Greene,; Mr. and Mrs. ' Frank W. Grif
fin," Mr.' and Mrs. Fred Greene,' Miss Eleanor
Gobdali; Dr.' and Mra. M.- Gardner, < Mr.,, Gump,
Mis3.Go<»wey. Harry-W. Goodall, Edwin Good-'
all, I Charles M." Goodall. : Charles E.' Green. Ed
ward ."-M.^* Green way, - Charles : A",' : Grow.' :- Judge
Garber.i*Miss..Garber,''Mrs." J.' M. Goewcy, Mr.
"and ; -Mrs.'. Charles E.* Green, Mr.vand - Mrs.
Guthrle. • ;c ¦ < '¦'¦¦'¦ ' ¦ '- ••" •'-' ' r, T -
ing In New. York City. ¦ ¦ ¦..;•-.
. r Mr. and Mrs.1 Perkins ' have departed "'on
a wedding. trip, but have'not.madeithpir.
plans public. They have taken apartments
for the summer at -the Hotel -Majestic,"
New, York City. ; : :> . •.;/ . ¦•' ¦..*.;
¦Those^present at the wedding : were:" .; v
., The Invited- guests ;,were: ,,. '-,.'• ''¦:"'• v L
V Mr. and Mrs. Wyatt';Allen, : Ross' Valley; Mr.
and Mrs. Pelham Ames.- : Mlas • Ames, : Mr. - and '.
Mrs. Worthinston . Ames, Mr. and "i Mrs. George •
Armsby, Raymond ' Armsby, ¦William Aldrich,.
Mrs; : 1j. Aldrich,' Miss ¦' Ayers, . J."'F.> J; v Archi
bald,' Professor Arnold,". Mr., and : Mrs.') William'
Alvord.-Mr. -and Mrs.' Fisher 'Ames, 'Miss T Dot-"
tie.;Ani€S. •;'.'. r ..-.,.;, ; ;.-¦•,.¦.'¦"''.. _:_.-' >.' >"¦"
Edmund v Baker," Mrs. . Li Li " Baker," Mr. ,• and ;
Mrs.- 'VVakefield ¦¦¦ Baker. '> Mr.'- and' Mrs.' Thomas.
B." Bishop, Mr. 1 and Mrs. . Thomas tP." Bishop,'
Mr.; and Mrs. , James . Bishop, Mrs. , S. M. i Blair, I
Miss J. Blair, Dr.:and Mrs. f J. A., Black, Miss
Blakeman, ¦ Mr.V and- Mrs. .•-William!.: Babcock,v
General and. Mrs.' John 'Babcock, Mn-and Mrs.:
D.' 1 A. i Bender. Mr. and- Mra. • D. ~ H. • Bibb, Mr.",
and Mrs. Gordon- -Blandinir, - Miss Blandlng,'
Lewis ¦ Bland inc; Mr. -and Mrs. .-•Bliss,-; Miss
Bliss, '. Mr. and • Mrs. . G; C.-Boardman, Samuel •
Boardman, .Danforth ;Boardman,' Captain rand-
Mrs.'Ray Burgess-, Mr. and "Mrs.- H; C." Breedon, ;
Mr. - and Mrs. A. R. i Baldwin, .Mr." and Mrs.- A. ',
S. - Baldwin, ,v General .. and ' Mrs.\'."W. "H.-.LA
Barnes, .Mr.;, and .Mrs: •: "H. -D. • Beatty,"' Misses
Bates, Mr." andVMrs. A.- Borel, Misses Borel,*
Mr. and ;Mr*.. H." E.> Botkin.r William-Bowers,;
Miss ' BreckinridBe, Dr. '• and Mrs. - C. B. ? Brig
ham,- Misses Brigham,; William, Brigham,-'Dr.;
and :- Mrs. ' Philip t K. - Brown,' J. r. Otis i Burrage, •
Mr." and I Mrs. A. * B. I Butler, , Misses Bailey, Dr. i
Brownell/ - Everett > Bee,- Mr.~: and - : . Mrs. : . S.';' A.'-
Buckbee, . Misses .Bruce, • Mr.* and r Mrs. :,' A.* E .";
Buckingham, ¦' Ray ' Burnell, • Lieutenant i R. i P.";
Brower, '; Lieutenant ) Betterson, , Miss '. Augusta
Brown, . '¦ Mrs. *. E: '-. A.' ' Brugulere, ', Captain a and
Mrs. \V. . J.' -Bryan, 4 Miss Linda H.^ BryanJ'. Mrs.^
George W.: Beaver, Mr.- and:Mrs.- Milton Bulk-;
ley, »Mr. * and'.. Mrs.,: Richard 'Baque,", Messrs.'^
Bakewell/'Tla^- Bobs, ', Commander-" and '-Mrs.;
Brice,'- Robert .Balfour, John '. Barkingham, r.Mr.
and' Mrs. t SamuelC.) Bisrelow.i. Thomas r. Brown,'
George T. •, Bromley, 'Miss. Geraldine ¦' Bonner, .
Dr." and- Mrs. 'G.tT.'BuckneU,' Mrs. > William C;
Bash, " • Mrs. I Georgej: W.* '. Bowers^" Mrs. VLucius '
Boothj- Mr. < and-Mrs. ' George E. -Bates,' Mrs. ;' J.I
Barton,"' Mr': and i Mrs. tBriggs,": Lieutenant and
Mrai'; Bent,';Mlssea Baird. •'¦ *-~:~f*tiS\!tK£*'S£-f£ t iC'i$
: Mrs. *. George ¦ Cadwalader, i Miss •' Cad walader,' |
.•The bride is the eldest daughter ciffMr.
and Mrs. H. E. Huntington and a f niece of
tho late Collis P. Huntington.; The groom
is a son of Judge and ' Mrs., G.'Gr Perkins;
formerly/ of Covington, Ky,,- but now resid-
"'¦ The groom's mother '.. was attired " in \. a
handsome ' gown of ' black ¦ lace '¦ over pearl
eilk. She wore a small black hat." -\ The
groom's sister was richly dressed in white
silk. .¦•:. ..•' .<..' ¦ " ': : ¦;:¦¦¦< ¦;;. •;¦-' ' '
. The | bride's " mother wore ' a magnificent
gown of white Irish point lace over palest
yellow silk- and ; chiffon,". with '- girdle « and
insertions in the bodice of gold and* black
embroidery. . Her hat; was of. white tulle,
with the broad brim turned away.' from
the face , by ¦ black . rosettes. .. . . ¦ t ¦:¦
The four bridesmaids and maid of honor
were gowns alike of white point d' esprit
over pale green silk. '•' The . gowns -were
simply designed, with -artistic Gibson
esque lines. reveres and deep flounces
upon the skirt were outlines in 9 white
moire ribbon. Belts and sashes of white
moire extended the length of the skirts.
The yokes were of transparent lace. Each
bridesmaid wore a lace " hat with | white
flowers' and foliage." -Irish, point 'lace was
draped I about the .brim • and • was arranged
long in the back, falling upon the hair.
The bouquets, were of white wistorla,'ar
ranged with white moire ribbon. The maid
of honor differed in her attfre only, by car
rying pink flowers with'plnk: ribbon, while
,the . flowers - on • her hat , were • pink spring
blossoms. <;'•' ¦
. The bride was elegantly attired In: a
trailing- gown of heavy white duchess
satin -with' a yoke,' sleeves and bertha." of
heavy point lace. The filmy ; tulle veil
was caught In the hair with orange blos
soms and extended )to the. feet., Theonly
jewels worn were a string of pearls with
diamond heart pendant, the gift of Mrs.
Collis P. Huntington, -and a diamond pin
presented by the groom. . The bridal bou
quet was an immense affair of lilies of the
valley. -; s . '.':..¦.¦ '¦',".: '¦".' :¦.'¦'. ¦¦¦*¦¦'¦¦¦
decorated -with these roses," supported' by
Japanese trellis work. The bride's table
was , decorated with lilies of the valley .
and .white tulle, effectively arranged.-' ¦
PRINCIPALS AT .BRILLIANT WEDDiNG SOLEMNIZED AT HIGH NOON. YESTERDAY AT TRINITY CHURCH,
THE "MAID OF. HONOR", -ONE OF ', THE BRIDESMAIDS AND .THE BEST, MAN," AND SCENES ATTENDING
CEREMONY. THAT WAS OF MARKED INTEREST. TO SOCIETY.; - -'.••¦"'¦ .-¦;-... '-•}¦¦-
The long Episcopal service was ; read
and the ring solemniz»d the vows. Bishop
C. H. Brent of the Philippines officiated,
with the assistance of Rev. F. W..Clam
pett. . ' '¦ ¦- '„- '
The ceremony was followed by an
elaborate wedding breakfast at the Hun
tington residence, 2840 Jackson street, to
which nearly 300 guests were bidden. Mr.
and Mrs. Perkins received congratula
tions In a beautiful bower of roses -and
foliage In the first drawing-room. Long
sprays of rosss covered the walls and the
mantels .were laden with flowers and
ferns. , ' " -\
Another drawing-room was done in
yellow, iris and roses predominating.
The. hall was decorated -In : Lady ? Bank-
Eta roses and " giant palms. The walls
ana celling of the breakf act-room were
entirely hidden by clusters and sprays of
San Rafael, roses. Another, breakfast
room on 1 the basement floor ; was lavishly
Mr. Perkins and his best man, Mr.
Howard E. Huntington, the bride's
brother, awaited the party at the- altar.
noon. So elegant were the ap
pointments and so complete in every de
tairthat nothing was left 'to be desired
by the most .esthetic guest. The , church
decorations consisted entirely of Easter
lilies and foliage. Th«j back of . the
chancel was covered with tall giant
palms, only the stained glass-;, windows
beirg visible. Easter Iilie3 were lavishly
arranged about the altar and the. church
hangings were white, it being the Easter
season. The front of the balcony was
entirely hidden by a mass of large ferns
and lilies. Sprays of lilies were fastened
at the. end of each seat along the. entire
aisle. One thousand lilies were used
for decoration.
Promptly at 12 o'clock to the strains
of the Lohengrin wedding chorus, the
procession started toward the . akar,
headed by the ushers, who were Sydney
Pringle, Samuel Pond, Silas Palmer,
Whitman Prentice, George Blackmore of
Cincinnati and Hugh Stewart of Los An
geles.
They were followed by the bridesmaids.
Miss Alice Hoffman, Miss Anne Henry pf
Cincinnati, Miss Marion Huntington, the
bride's youngest sister, and 'Miss Jean
Rodgers Nokes. Next came the maid of
honor, Miss Elizabeth Huntington, sister
of the bride. Miss Huntington then came
upon the arm of her father, Mr. II. E.
Huntington, who soon afterward gave
her into the keeping of the groom.
SEVERAL hundred women and
men of society witnessed . the
marriage of Miss Clara Hun
tington and Mr. Gilbert
Brooke Perkins at ' Trinity
Church yesterday at high
Dr; and Mrs. • Johnson Van Dyke Mlddleton,
Miss Elizabeth Murrison, Miss Helen Murrlson,
Miss Madge Murrison.' Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Magree Jr., Misses Meyer,- Mr. and Mrs.. William
H. Mills, Misses Mills. Jud*e and Mrs. M. H.
Myrick,- John B. Metcalf,?Mr. and Mrs. "Walter
D.- Martin, Mrs. 'Eleanor Martin, Dr.' and Mrs.
Her'oert MofTatt,Mr. and Mrs.' A. H. Martinez,
Knox . Maddox. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Magee,
H. Seymour 'Manning, / Mis3 ' Elsie ' Marsh. Miss
Frances Moore. , Miss Margaret : Mee. Hubert
Mee; Mr. andMr?:Drury Melone,- Miss Melone,
Misses Melone, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Magee. Mr.
and \ Mrs. Percy : L. Morgan, Mrs. ' William P.
.Morgan.- Misses - Morgan. Horace Morgan, Ed
win ? McA fee, Mr. and ¦ Mrs.- Peter Me A. ¦ Mc-
Bean,- Miss . McBean, ¦ Ma jor " and .- Mrs. - J. w.
McClung, Misses McClung. Captain ¦ and Mrs.
William 'H. McKittrick. , Mr. • and Mrs. Latham
McMullen.'-Mr. , and Mrs. ; E. O. N McCormick.
Judge - and • Mrs; r T. ' . B. '',- McFarland. Miss
McFarland. . Miss Ncra '.-. McNeil,. Mr.- and
Mrs, -Walter MacGavln, Mr. and Mrs.
F. - .'P. i McLennan. Miss McLennan, Mr
andiMrs. E. J. McCutchen, E. Avery Mc-
Carthy. Mrs. Lillian McCarthy. Dr. and Mrs.
W. F.-McNutt, Miss McNutt, William McCann
Mr., and -Mrs. John F.. Merrill. Miss ', Merrill,
Mr. Merrill; Judge and " Mrs. . WV W. ; Morrow.
Mr.vand Mrs. • W. ? H." Morrow. Mr.-and Mrs.
Samuel " F. - Murphy, : Miss . Murphy. : Mr. and
: Mrs.,' A." B.-McKee." Ward McAllister. Mr. and
Mrs. H.j M. ' J. '• McMlchael, Mr. and Mrs. George
W. McNear. .- D. ¦ O. Mills, ".Mr.: and .Mrs. Lewis
F. Monteagle. A. • F. . Morrison. Robert F. Mor
row.. • Daniel ¦ F.". Murphy, ; Lieutenant Robert F.
McMillan,- Mr. , and ¦. Mrs. Henry B. Montague,
Mr. ' and ; Mrs. ' Joseph Marks, , Mrs. Florence
Cornwall > Moore,, Mr. ¦ and: Mrs., Jasper McDon
ald,'Mrs. (Moody, 'Miss Moody,' Mr. and Mrs.
E.^ J.'Mllay.'Dr.-McVean. Misses Moore, Miss
Mr, and Mrs. Raleigh P. Hooe, Dr. and Mrs.
WIMam E/ Hopkins; Dr. E. .W. • Hopkins, Al
vlnza ¦ Hayward. = Mr. and : Mrs. Charles G.
Hooker, Miss Hooker, Charles Webb Howard,
Mr; 'and' Mrs.-; Henry E. Hall, A. S. Halladle,
Miss Julia Heynemann. Mr. and -Mrs. M. R.
H Ig-gtns, Miss WillardB. Harrington, Mr. and
Mrs. James H. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. , Ed
ward T. Hou«rhton. - "
Miss Ives, Mr. '.and. Mrs. "William A. Irwin,
Mr. and Mrs. John P; Irish.
Misses Jolllffe. Mr. and Mrs. John H. Jewett.
Mr. ¦ and Mrs. ' David ¦ Starr Jordan. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Misses Joslyn, Captain
¦Frederick E v Johnston, Frank 'Jacques, Mr.
and Mrs. John -P.[ Jones, . Santa' Monica; Mr.
and Mrs. Ray Jones, Mr. and Mrs. William P.
Johnson. . , . < • .
Mr. and Mrs. David Higbee Kohl. Mrs. Sam
uel Knight, Mr. and Mrs.' George Kline, Misses
Kline. Misses Knowles, Miss Maud Kane, Mr.
and Mr*. Julius Kruttschnitt. .• Mr. and Mrs.
Homer King,, Mosea'. King, Frank King, Miss
Lucie King, Messrs. King, Mr. and Mrs. * Wil
liam I. Kip, Miss Kip, Mr. and Mrs.- Alexander,
Keyes, Miss Azalea Keyes. Admiral and Mrs.
Kautz. Dr. and Mrs. Charles P. Kindelberger,
Mr. and Mrs. C. MVKeeney. Miss Keeney. Wll
lian: Keith, Colonel and Mrs. John C. Klrkpat
rick, Mr. and Mrs. Gejjrge A. Knight.
Mrs. Julia E. -Lord. Mrs. Gerrett Livington
Lansing. . General ¦ and Mrs. ' Oscar . F. • Long,
Misses ¦ Loughborough, George . Loughborough,
Milton S. Latham.- Mr. and Mrs. Charles Laton,
Mrs. ' Philip Lansdale.' Mr. and Mrs. William J.
Landers. Miss-Landers. George "W. Lewis, Wal
ter ¦ Landers, Mr." and Mrs.' George Lent, Lieu
tenant Jesse Gordon Lowenberg, Mrs. T. . Low
enberg, Reuben H. Lloyd, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles' G; Lathrop, Mrs. M.' R: Lansing, Mrs.
Ida Lewis, r ¦ > ¦ ' ¦ ' - ¦. .
Elaborate Breakfast
. Partaken Of by
300 Guests.
Ceremony Performed
at the Hour of
CAMPERS'
EXCURSION
A Day Among the
Redwoods.
Santa Cruz Mountains.
A pleasant day's outing in the Santa
Cruz Mountains has been arranged for
Saturday, May 3. A personally conducted
excursion will leave the ferry (narrow
gauge) at 7:45 a. m., the train stopping at
the principal camping resorts on the
mountain sides, including Glenwood. Fel
ton, Ben Lomond and Boulder Creek,
calling for them on their return In the
evening. This will enable all who make
the trip to determine where to spend their
summer vacation. The low rate, $1 25
round trip, injures a large party, but ar
rangements have teen made for well
equipped cars to take care of all who go,
and there will be no crowding. Tickets
are on sale at the Southern Pacific ticket
offices in San Francisco, Oakland and Ala
meda.
"Will Give Blossom Fete.
The "blossom fete." which was post
poned from last Thursday on account of
the streetcar strike, will be given this
afternoon and evening at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. Wesley A. Jacobs, 1713 Pa
cific avenue. The bouse will be entirely
decorated with blossoms and a musical
programme will be rendered, including
numbers by Miss Tooley, Mrs. Cramer,
Mrs. Thayer, Miss Macomber, Mr. Robson
and a number of others. The fete is for
the benefit of the training school of the
"Woman's Home Missionary, Society. ' , .
Harry Knox, a member of the executive
committee of the Carmen's "Union, sent a
letter to President Holland of the United
Railroads yesterday thanking him and
the directors in behalf of the union for
their kindness and courtesy shown to the
committee during, the strike. He Inti
mated that the employes were heartily
pleased with the new order of things and
that they would do all in their power to
preserve the entente cordiale existing be
tween the rnmimnv and its employes.
The yellow signs which adorned Vin
ing's office have been removed. These in
formed applicants for positions .that the
rate for becoming employes of the road
was $50. This has been reduced one-half.
This is rot the only benefit the strike has
conferred upon would-be employes. Not
only has the rate been cut in half, but
the conditions under, which employment
may now be secured are infinitely better
than in the past.
Vining was disappointed throughout
the strike when the directors failed to
consult him with reference to the affairs
of the road, and his management prac
tically ceased on the day the strike be
gan. Its success completed his discom
fiture and the result was his resignation
some days earlier than was expected.
Vining is one of the ablest railroad men
in the country. His technical knowledge
of the business is wonderful, but, to use
the expression of one of the directors of
the company, "He does not know how
to handle men. If he did. the strike
would never have taken place."
Resuming the director said: "When
Vining was brought to this coast by H.
E. Huntington to take charge of the
Market street system he transformed the
system of management completely. ¦" He
believed in making men bow to his will,
and every command issued by him was
studiously obeyed. His policy was an ar
bitrary one and met with little sympathy
amor.g the rank and file of the employes.
His espionage of the men on their days
off and his inveterate hatred of labor
unions and union principles, which
prompted him. to discharge any employe
heard to express himself in favor of
either, won for him the hatred of all the
carmen. The result was that when the
strike was declared the entire force to
a man deserted their posts and eagerly
embraced the very principles which Vin
ing sought to stamp out. Up to the very
eve of the strike Vining believed that the
men would not dare to walk out and he
imperiously declined to meet them en their
own ground. He believed them to be weak
and powerless, but his error in this re
ppect at a time when he enjoyed the con
fidence of his superiors knocked all the
props from under him and in the wreck
that was inevitable he was the chief
victim."
DIRECTORS ARE RELIEVED.
The directors of the company_appear to
be relieved now that Vining has resigned.
During the strike several of them de
clared that they would not oppose him
in taking this step and they intimated
that he could not resign too soon. The
question of his successor is now the all
absorbing topic in railway circles. Until
a successor is secured the affairs of the
system will be managed by senior Divis
ion Superintendent M. D. Stein, who Is
regarded as a very capable official. The
appointment of a manager to succeed
Vir.ing rests with President Holland, but
it is intimated that he will appoint only
such a man as is favorably considered by
the owners. The man who is nearest to
the throne at present is Slaughter Huff,
one of the best all-round railroad men in
the country. He is at present in Balti
more, but is expected to return home any
day. "*
VrNING DISAPPOINTED.
Some months ago when the project of
the sale of the Market street railway
system to the Baltimore syndicate was
first published by the Call, the announce
ment was made that Vining's manage
ment of the affairs of the new company
would be exceedingly brief. He was
among the first slated to go, as his pol
icy was distasteful to the directors, but
It was decided to take no steps to hasten
his removal until the new company as
sumed control of its property about May
1. The strike came, greatly to the sur
prise of the directors, who had been as
sured by Vining that there was absolute
ly no danger of such an event. His lack
of foresight in this respect, coupled with
the objectionable features of his policy,
caused the directors to look upon him
¦with marked disfavor, and when he an
nounced a few days ago that he was
willing to step out whenever the directors
.desired there was no protesting voice
raised.
The expected happened yesterday when
E. P. Vining, general manager of the
United Railroads Company, tendered his
resignation to President Holland, the
same to take effect Immediately. The
expected also happened when Resident
Holland signified his willingness to ac
cept the resignation and said that he
¦would inform the board of directors at
his convenience of Vining's severance of
connection with the corporation. Vining
emiled cheerfully, bowed, and his con
nection with the great street railway
corporation was permanently ended.
He Will Be Tempor
arily Succeeded
by M.D. Stein.
Manager Steps Out
of the United
Railroads.
VINING
RESIGNS
OFFICE
5
AJ>VERTISF.M'rmT3. ,
Saukee people i
Could; Hardly BelieTe . It. A
Prominent Woman SayedFrom
Death by lydia E. Piniliam's
TegetaTble Compound.
" Deak Meb. Pejkham :— 1 strppose a
large number,- of people who j read of
my remarkable cure •will hardly believe
it ; had I not experienced it myself, I i
know that I should not.
MBS. SADIE E. KOCH.
" I ' suffered ~ , for months vrith
troubles peculiar -to women which
gradually broke .down, my health and
my very life. • I ."was. nearly Insane
with pain at times, and no human
.skill; I consulted in Milwaukee could
bring- me relief.
" My attention was called to Xiydia
E. Pinkham*s Vegetable Com-
pound ; the first bottle brought re- 1
lief, and the second bottle an absolute i
care. I could not believe It ! myself, '
and felt sure it was only temporary,
but blessed fact, I have now been well
for a year, enjoy the ; best of health,
and cannot in words express my grat-
itude. Sincerely yours, Sadie E. Koch,
124 10th St., IMilwaukee, \ Wis."— fSOOO
forfeit If above testimonial is not genuine.
Such unquestionable testimony
proves the power of Xiydia E»' Piafc-
ham's Vegetable Compound over
diseases of women.
' "Women should^remember that
they are privileged to consult
Mrs. , Pinkliam, at . Lynn, Paass.,
about tlieir illness, entirely £ree«The teat. was .under, the direction of
Chief Sullivan and \ the lnvento^, Henry
Gorter, was in charge, of the tower, with
a machinist from the ..corporation yard,
where the tower was built, and a fireman
to assist him. . . .. :
The Gorter. tower has three distinct ad-
ITS THBEE ADVANTAGES.
height of seventy-five feet. With the noz
zle directed toward the zenith, a .stream
was thrown to. a height of nearly 200 feet.
The new .tower, although it has been in
commission since last August, has not yet
been used at a. flre and the trial yester
day was its first working test. A great
crowd of people, Including many women,
watched the exhibition with interest. The
giant fountain and a rainbow two blocks
long, showing in the mist from the
stream, .formed .a spectacle well worth
seeing.
vantages over any : other tower In the
¦world. The mast can be deflected 35 de
grees from the perpendicular In any direc
tion, permitting a stream to- be thrown at
right angles into any window within that
radius. Ball joints are used, both at the
base .and at the top of the mast, doing
away with the necessity of using- short
lengths of hose. • In the old towers the
hose at the top of the mast Is a constant
source of trouble. The mast of the new
tower is extended by. the power from
the Pelton wheel built on the truck. The
same power is used to raise the mast from
the horizontal position on the truck. In
Gorter's first tower extension of the mast
above the steel framework had to- be dona
by handpower. The new structure works
with a simplicity arid perfection that re
duces to a minimum the danger of tha
mechanism falling at a critical moment.
VIEWS OF GREAT FIRE-FIGHTING MACHINE, THE NEWEST ADDITION TO THE LOCAL DEPARTMENT AS
IT APPEARED IN ACTION, YESTERDAY. AFTERNOON AT STOCKTON AND BAY STREETS THE TEST
OF THE MACHINE THOROUGHLY DEMONSTRATED ITS EFFECTIVENESS.
; And bufn.and make you tired "all over? Allen's
Foct-Ease imakes ' tlie -shoes j comfortable, -rests
and cools . the feet and | makes ' walking: easy.'' At
all druggists and shoe' stores," 25c. .''Sample sent'
tTreo. Address Allen S. Olmsted, Le Roy, N. Y, i
Do;Your ; Feet 1 Ache
Up to /date^New: York has. presented Roosevelt,-
Odell, Hill,, Shepard; Parker and Woodruff as candi-.
dates ; for ; the; Presidency in^ 1904; but should ,nohe >6i •
them . suit the country others ¦ will >be : named in; duel
• ' The, Northern ' Pacific i.Rallway;l« 'the best,
cheapest , and ' quickest ' route." . Frow , Lewlston
and Stltes.'' Idaho, j there' are good', wagon roads
to ¦' either Warrens , or j Dixie, from 'which 'points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, ¦ etc.. '. address T. K. STATEL^it,
G. A.', 647 Market Bt-.S.-F.; . *' -- -
ft" Going to* Thunder Mountain PP
;; Senator" Clarke of Montana . has .given - another
"evidence . of' his; speedy [disposition" and ' methods/ and
again he'! intends to plead not; guilty. : ; He is accused
of manipulating his automobile 'at a cyclone pace.
Heididn't kill. anybody. i ;'y '•'/;," :
: .In 1855 the average consumption of wine
in '\ France ' was 59.7 , liters a head 'of ; the
population. \\ In 1895 It had grown; to 119.5
a head.;, '•'.. ¦.;: ¦ .,- : ¦ '¦'•-"¦ •: ¦'. . - .;. -¦:¦, '
By a scratch of the pen- the gigantic steel* trust* has
increased its mammoth d e bt by many millions of dol
lars.'. It would be interesting to know how-many
; guesses the public" would need to tell upon' whose
"shoulders this =new;: weight will fall. / . ; ./
. Special ', information '> supplied daily to
business houses and public - men • by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 230 Cali
fornia .street. Telephone Main-; 1042.. ;*. •
.Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound,' in' fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice: present for- Eastern friends.
639 Market, st.I •' Palace Hotel- building. *
'.This' week, 81 4th st., front barber & gro
cer, best eyeglasses & spectacles, 10c-40c*
• Europe is 'showing' new and dangerous signs ?¦ of
anxiety over \he . wonderful , progress of J. Pierpont
Morgan's, maritime /schemes. 'Perhaps Uhe: weird
world. power ; dream of Cecil Rhodes '.will be made a
reality by ¦ America's ambitious millionaire.
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend's.*
Cal. glace : fruit '50c: p"er lb at Townsend's*
¦ Joe King, the/lo'cal "ex-convict preacW and re
former, seems oh the high road to secure some more
experiences ; of' prison life with which to 1 harrow the
public, and misrepresent the penitentiary. Joe has
four new., charges of- burglary against" him and a con
spiracy of indignant, citizenswho have been robbed.
After; months t and months of inadequate. service to
the city -and exasperation'. to the! public a most ; un
usual incident' _tias, given some .variety to the affairs" of
the Board of: Public Works. -That -interesting-body
boasts a defender of its, work. It is perhaps unneces
sary to" say that this defender is the Board of Public
Works. 1 ¦¦:¦: *,-. ; : ': , ' ' ' ¦ ' . .-¦ ¦ ;.;¦.
Representative 'Cooper of Wisconsin said^* the
other day that the Wisconsin " volunteers - who had
served in the /Philippines had • returned' home
troubled with "Philippinitis," which he described as
"a persistent feeling of lassitude.",' It seems ' : ". : to-v -be
rath'er a catching; kind of disease^ but perhaps it will
yield to 1 , the water ¦- cure treatment. '
As a matter of fact, while riewsgathering' in Rus
sia is a very different thing from what it is in' the
United States, the Russian censorship is' not able to
While conceding the probability of exaggeration,
however, it will not be admitted that Mr. Tower is
right, in saying that-, the Cossacks of the guard:sup
press mobs by . ridirlg among- them and crying out
"Please pass on." The is a touch too much.
While the denial smade by" the Embassador is in-'
teresting, it can hardly be accepted .as a refutation of
the press reports. That these reports have' been
largely exaggerated Js probably true. When a Gov
ernment undertakes 1 '' to suppress,' news,v when it for
bids men to gather the; facts concerning. any currents
event and publish thjem to the world/ it is inevitable
that errors and exaggerations will circulate instead of'
the truth. It was not , necessary for : -Tower , to',
tell the / world that fact,' for the press ¦' itself has - fre"
quently, pointed out that the reports of riots on the
one hand and military severity on the< other .could'
not be wholly relied upon. ./ '
By way of specific contradiction to some of the re
ports the. Embassador is quoted as saying: "One
reads here of the savage charges of 'Cossacks upon
unprotected. mobs, on whom they, inflict knoutings
•and other hardships. How mistaken is that impres
sion I know from personal experience. A short time
ago I accidentally- got in a crowd. on" whom Cossacks
charged. They came riding down, riot very fast, with
swords not drawn, with only small riding whips in
their hands, and shouting' 'Please' pass on.' I saw
not a single trace of brutality, .No one was hurt; In
our country I have seen police who had not 'the same
consideration for an excited crowd as had these Cos
sacks, who are always portrayed as so fierce.' No
cavalry could have handled a mob more gently."
CHARLEMAGNE ¦-TQWER, United (States
Embassador to :^Russia, who is now' on his
way home, recently stated in London that the
reports of disturbances in Russia are grossly exag
gerated. He denies that the situation is anything
like so serious as has been described by the press,
and asserts that neither are f the people so turbulent
nor the Government so severe as has' been stated in
the numerous reports that fiave found circulation in
Western Europe. . .
REPORTS PROM RUSSIA,
-Roosevelt may think it. great sport to call down
everybody in the army and the navy who does not
talk to suit x him, but if he does not look out the
friends of some of those men will form a combina
tion and call him down at the next Presidential con
vention. ' . i - . \
|j The : Sanitary Watering " Trough Com
pany was incorporated ; with • a capital
stock of $50,000. The directors are N.'W.,
Anna E., and N. M. , Griswold, , J. E.
Boone and H/M... Van Annan. ....
The Twentieth Century Gold Company
was - incorporated ' yesterday, with a cap
ital stock of $1,000,000. The directors, . each
of ' whom has subscribed , $1. ' are . J. • D.
Hoff, F. Brophy, .H. A. Dutton, E. J.
Clinton, G.A., Budge and E. L.. Chase. .
New incbrporatidns.
".' The mast was deflected from' the per
pendicular as for as 35 degrees in various
directions and the direction of the mast
nozzle was constantly being changed, both
the mast and the nozzle being worked by
mechanism^ from the truck* •with i all J the
: nicety of the operation of a machine gun.
The mast is capable of extension to the
•,. The. "deck stream," designed to.be used
to fight fire through first, setfond and; third
story windovlrB, was given a separate test
and'the force of the stream was a revela
lation.: .Water was thrown to a horizontal
distance of -more than' 250 feet and when
turned downward j it tore up earth 'and
cobble stones and ; tossed -the debris 'into,
the air like the giant' stream of a hydrau
lic mine. :
TEARS TIP THE EARTH.
Four, engines— No. 1 and three relief ma
chines—were used to force water through
the tube and a pressure of 140 pounds to
the square inch was reached several times
during the -test. Each engine had two
lines | of three-inch hose attached. ,The
tower nozzle has a diameter of two and a
quarter and the lower,' or "deck" nozzle a
diameter of two and three-quarter Inches.
At times streams were, thrown from both
of these, each playing 'with a force much
greater than can be obtained by the di
rect use of the flre engine and its separate
line of hose. ' . ¦": • ' • •
THE new Gorter tower of the Fire
j Department, known as tower 3,
was given an official test yester
day afternoon at Stockton and Bay
streets. The trial was a practical
working test and in every respect the
giant machine fire-flghter, the pride of the
department, met the expectations of Chief
Sullivan and its Inventor, Henry Gorter.
and gave ocular proof of its unequaled
efficiency in fires in tall buildings.'- ;
Public tidiness, says Professor Hamlin, "costs
more at first; than the untidiness of public negligence,
and this makes.it unpopulaj, but it brings good re
turns in the end. It pays, as all thrift pays." Of
that truth there can be no question. It would pay
San Francisco to improve her street's. It would pay
the Southern Pacific Company to improve its sta-.
tions. :
For this untidiness San Francisco is of course not
wholly responsible. The duty of , constructing a
proper railway station rests upon the railway com
pany, and that duty is rapidly becoming imperative.
American railways, so far as the East. is concerned,
have been progressive and magnificent in the con
struction of depots. Some of the stations in the
larger cities are equal to any the most magnifi
cent capitals in Europe can show. San Francisco is
deserving of as good treatment from the railroads in
this respect as other cities of similar importance, and
should President Harriman. provide us with a suitable
station it is reasonabl> certain the city would take
steps to make the avenues of approach worthy of the
new structure.
Anything uglier, shabbier and more incommodious
than the Southern Pacific railway station on Third
street can hardly be found in any' large city in the
world, and it would be difficult to. find a much dir
tier thoroughfare than that which leads from it to the
center of the city. Visitors who arrive in San Fran
cisco at that depot can perceive no reason why 'the
city should be looked upon as a metropolis. The
structure itself is so flimsy and so cheap that the im
pression produced is that it was designed as but a
temporary affair, erected because the business of the
locality did not promise to last long enough to jus
tify the erection of a durable building, and the
street upon which it opens furnishes little to remove
the impression.
The charges made in that statement could be justly
applied to other cities than New York, but so far as
the water approach is concerned San Francisco is
not among them. Our water front lacks a great deal
of being ornamental, but since the construction of
the ferry depot and the laying out of the esplanade
there is evidence at least of a movement to make the
harbor approach attractive and commodious. The
ferry depot itself is a spacious and stately structure,
and the great thoroughfare that leads from it to the
city is fairly well paved and well kept. Upon that
score, then, we are not subject to such severe criti
cism as the professor applies to New York, but when
we turn from the ferry entrance to the railway en
trance we are completely at his mercy.
Among other facts cited to sustain his indictment
Professor Hamlin says: "On his first visit to Europe
an intelligent American often opens his eyes to the
inferiority of our prevailing standards of public
housekeeping; but if he fails to apprehend this while
abroad it is painfully impressed upon him when he
disembarks at New York on his return. Arriving at
the richest port in the New World, he lands at a
decrepit wooden dock covered by a cheap shed of
timber and sheet iron. For this shabby landing the
city receives a rental of many thousands of dollars
from the steamship company. Emerging from this
unworthy structure he finds himself upon a street for
which for dirt, dilapidation and general squalor of
appearance it would be hard to find a match out
side of our own country. Constantinople can rival
it, but Constantinople is at least picturesque."
PROFESSOR HAMLIN of Columbia Univer
sity contributes to the Forum for May an ar
ticle on "Our Public Untidiness," which
serves as a timely reminder that while we are the
richest and most progressive people in the world we
are not using our wealth altogether to the best advan
tage nor making such progress as we should toward
the attainment of certain much needed improvements
in the conditions amid which we live. The profes
sor saj r s we "are the most untidy among all the*
great nations of the world," and, what is more, he
has strong arguments to prove it.
PUBLIC UNTIDINESS.
THURSDAY ....MAY 1, 1902
JOHN D..SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Itlrtu All Ccmmuiutions to W. S. LEAKS, Hiuger. s
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«m St.
TELEPHONE.
A-sk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Slncrle Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postaset
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL Oncludln* Sunday), « months 8.00
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), 8 months 1.80
DAILT CALL— By Single Month , «5c
ECNDAT CALL. One Tear 1-60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All postmasters are antborleed to receive
subscriptions.
6&mplt copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall tubscrlbers In ordering change of address should be
particular to Give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 11 IS Broadway
C. GEORGES KROGKESS. *
Kts&gtr Foreign Advertising, Kar^settc Building. Chicago.
iLons Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Hcase; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRAACH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10. o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOB. THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating a change ol
residence during tbe summer months can hare
tbeir paper forwarded by mail to tbclr new
Kddresses by notifying Tbe Call Business Office.
Tbls paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all towns on tbe coast.
;It is to be borne: in 'mind that the' calculation! as
sumes that -the banks will . keep its notes always in
circulation at interest. .Should^ it fail to do so the
profits would be reduced. It appears; therefore, that
the question of taking out circulating notes is ; one
that requires a good deal of close figuring on the part
of national banks to decide rightly at any given
The relation;: of ; the -national banks to the circula
tion of riotesvand the conditions under which it is
profitable for/them to' doVso have recently been made
the 1 subjects of an interesting report from the Treas
ury Department forthe : use of the House Committee
on Banking, and Currency? 4 From a summary which'
has ;-beeh. given ¦out; through'. the press it appears the
net profits^ are by, no means so large as is generally
suppose'd.^Th^New York|Times jn^eyiewing the
treasury tables""explains them in'^thisfevly: "If a
bank should loan $100,000 at the rate' of 6 per cent
its revenue from the loans would be $6000. . Now, if
it should put that $100,000 in 2 per cent" bonds at
IO9J4 it could take out circulation up to . the par
value of -.the .bonds purchased, which .would-be
$91,324. Its receipts would then be, from interest on
the notes loaned $5749 44, and from the interest on
the bonds $1826 48, or a "total income of $7305 92.
The deductions from this income would be, for tax
$456,62, for expenses $62 50, forsinking fund $120 72,
or total deductions of $639 84. Taking this amount
from the gross receipts of $7305 92 there is a net
income of $6666 08, and a' net profit over. the loan
of the amount invested in loans of only. $666 08, or
0.666 per cent, or 1 two-thirds of one per cent. Con
trary to the usual impression, this/profit is smaller as
the current rate of interest advances.: ItJs 6.79^ per
cent when interest is at 4 per cent, 0.66 per cent at 6
per cent, 0.52 per cent at 8 per cent^'and only 0.38
per cent when interest is "at 10 per cent." K
T ( he complete ;figyresfbr March 31, 1902, as com
pared with those^ of March 14; 1900, show that the
aggregate capital of national ibariks ;has increased
from $616,308,09546 $672,759,195; or $56,451,100, and
circulation secured, by from $216,374,795 to
$317,460,382, a net increase pf $101,085,597. .In: addi
tion «to the foregoing amount of bond-secured circu
lation on March 3i'last*there was also in circulation
notes to the amount bf ; $40,016,025, for v whichj lawful
money has been^ deppsited • with the Treasurer "qf the
United States on* account of insolvent and , limHtjjit
ing banks and .associations reducing their circutatio'n.
.While the,total number : of these new- nationaUbarik
organizations .Has thus an . aggregate ' capital \ of $56,'
269,000, the amount oftheir bond "deposit as security
for circulation is but: $13,339,500^ showing that;, they
have been organized^for other purposes than' that
of obtaining the privilege" of issuing bank notes.
A classification of, the' banks- by capital shows that
611 of them are of" the class -kavingfa' capital of less
than $50,000, their aggregate-. capital; amounting -v; to
$16,004,000, wliilevthe (remaining^308'; larger^' banks
have a capital of $34^265,006. '' :"S : ¦•'•• ;;¦!;;
fHE act of March : 14, 1900, authorizing the or
•ganization of national banks with a capital oi
less thari: : $5o^ooo, o'r^a "minimum' -of $25,060, ap
pears to be realizing . the f brightest V expectations of:
those who designed it !to ; increase itKe banking facili
ties of the and > especially "of .'those' sections
which are remote" from large banking.centersi' It ap
pears . fjr . ol ?: a^ recent /statement/ of the; Comptroller? of ;,
the. Currency. that from the: date of the'passage of the
act down to the close of last month' there' were added
to the system? upward ; of ; oio /national banking asso
ciations, or a Jietihcrease bf ; 8os! . -: ; .
. All of the bankV included in the : number given are
not new banking fassociatioris^f or among them are'
121 banks with 0'.} capital, of ;:\$8;s9S,c«x>i" ; representing
conversions; of; State bariks;,/ . '290J " i.with capital of
$15,130,000, reorganization: of State or private banks
liquidated for that purpose, and 508^ banks, with capi
•tal of $26,544,000, primary,; organizations. In other
words, a trifle over 55; per cent of the banks organ
ized were those, of primary, organization, and the re
mainder conversions* or .rieorganilsijiphs. .'
V , INCREASE > OE\; BANKS.
It- 'has been; decided by about all the soldiers; who
administered; the water, cure to Filipinos "that the
treatment is painful, but perhaps they were not
in a P.Q|itibn to decide' upon ¦that -point V -The Fili-
p *"?.; ' ls l^ e man who- can give expert testimony on
the subject: ;. "\ ..: ;
To issue them required in the President_just the
quality that the people demand in that high office.
The jingo spirit which would create a solitude and
call it peace, which would order the murder of all
people over ten years old and reduce a populous isl
and to a desert on which a bird could not live, will
chatter its disapproval. But the real manhood and
courage of the country will applaud the President
and support his position. .. : '
These orders of the President bring in sight
pacification on the islands and a right spirit in ¦> our
domestic politics,; and cannot be too highly ap
proved.
The halt has been called none too soon. The trial
of * General Smith, the order to desist in Mindanao
and the vocal embargo on Funston are all concur
rent and tell unmistakably of a reform in policy and
methods. They prove that the conservative /advice
of. Governor Taft is accepted as the philosophy of the
situation and that the noisy Funston and the military
hydropathists in the islands will understand that what
they say and do must no longer compromise the ad
ministration nor affront the people. ; ; .
The Funston spirit has protested that this order
will injure our "prestige." To the sober mind there
can be no greater injury to our prestige than by fol
lowing the policy of Spain, which we denounced, and
adding to it all the evil features which go with our
greater power and resources. Americans are not so
inconsistent as to approve the use by their army of
ficers or their representatives of methods, which were
made our excuse for interfering in Cuba and finally
taking from Spain her insular empire. More than
that, when informed they will not permit, such mis
use of their national strength to tarnish their national
character.
It is remarkable that these acts could .- go on so
long, and it is greatly to the credit of 'the^President
that he has interfered so promptly and powerfully
upon the revelation being made and has also re
buked the spirit behind these outrages by rebuking
the leading promoter of that spirit in this country.
He has gone still further. in the same direction by in
terfering to prevent a repetition of these scenes in
Mindanao and among the Moros.
Given a helpless but defiant people treated in the
Funston spirit, and there is created a condition for
ample exercise of . wantonness and inhumanity. The
story of the murder of a Filipino priest and the
taking of the watch and chain off his dead body by
a commissioned officer, and his burial secretly on a
baseball ground used by the troops, so that the grave
would be tramped down, is an abhorrent incident of
conquest which revolts the people of. this country.
It is now incontestably established that two or
ders were issued by high officers, "one to kill l aU
grown people and one, to kill all over ten years old,
and the trial of General Smith by court-martial for
the latter offense is evidence that the administration
believes the testimony of Major Waller. There is an
uneasy feeling in the country that these facts, secured
by so much trouble and against an obvious attempt
to prevent the revelation, implies that they are only
a small part of what might be told.
the War Department in economic legislation and the
revelations of war methods in the Philippines," the
impression is distinctly bad. The country] is rapidly
reaching the conclusion that there has been too much
Funston in military conduct in th*e islands. ' •
This disposes of Funston as an episode,; but his
stream of talk that ran before it T was officially
dammed has left a turbid impression that will long
remain. Taken in connection with the dictation, of
NOT long ago General Funston stated that he
was requested by the President to go to Bos
ton and repeat the various speeches he had
made in favor of hanging the college professors and
clergymen who petitioned Congress in the Philippine
matter. This amazing statement was not credited by
any thinking man in the country. But General Fun
ston acted upon the assumed approval of his extra
ordinary discussions, of the Philippine question, and
in a speech at Denver made an attack on Senator
Hoar. Then he applied for a leave of absence to go
to Boston and unsheathe his tongue. This leave was
not only promptly refused by the War Department,
but he was curtly ordered to cease his remarks upon'
the Philippines by the President himself. . ;,-.'
suppress wholly. " : There .are 'a thousand channels
by which Russians can obtain news and circulate it
outside the country. without the police knowing any
thing about' it.T: Exaggerated it may be, but it is not
absolutely false, .Despite Mr.' Tower's experience with
the mob and the Cossacks, it is safe to say there has
-been-a goodrdeal of bloodshed- between- them during
the last three months, and there is likely to be. more
before the ? year closes. ..'"¦ j /
FUNSTON'S ORATORY.
THE „ SAN FB AXcisCO CALL', THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
GORTER TOWER PROVES ITS WORTH
IN A PRACTICAL WORKING TEST
6
© O © A. m H— <^ lL-«*f O © ©
¦ ' ¦ ¦•¦¦ ' ¦ • ' ¦ . .- V I ' ¦*.:;. ,*.,-.- ' ' ¦ :
| ||| ¦ HHM ¦!¦ w »^ '
»J THE REAL RAMONA. J
I By Professor George Wharton James. 1
I E. H. HARRIMAN, THE MAN. I
jj By Bertha H. Smith. |
(CALIFORNIA GIRLvWHO WILL I
ATTEND CORONATION OF | j
I THE WATERSPRITe"]
¦ First 'of a notable series of costume poses by well-known society ladies.
, "**¦ THE NtW OUTING GIRL. T™*"^
FASHIONS, FICFION, PAGES
OF HUMAN INTEREST
7 THD LAND OF MIRACLES.
PAT AND HEINY IN NEW AD-1
r^ VENTURjES. J
AMXJEEilZNTSb,
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Slaves of the Orient."
Alcazar — "The Lash of the Whip."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "The Starbucks."
New Chutes — Opening- Thursday, May 1.
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.Crowninshleld's body was burled and
when the officials abandoned their quest
for the murderers the crime passed from
the public mind. It was revived, however,
when prospectors brought the head to
town two days ago. The prospectors say
they were about to tunnel under a large
rock and were clearing away some debris
when they made the discovery.
DAYTON, Nev., April 30.— A-grewsome
find was made by a party of prospectors
in the Como Hills two days ago. The
head of Walter. Crowninshield, an. aged
and wealthy hermit, was discovered where
it had been concealed by I his murderers
two., years ago. The ; decapitated body,
which . had been burned on a pyre of
brush, was found" In June, 1900. The head,
brought to this . city " by officers, reveals
the tragic manner of death. . The skull
had been badly hacked and crushed, with
some weapon, probably the ax with which
it was severed from the body. The au
thorities have reopened an investigation
and hope to obtain some clew that will
lead to the discovery of the murderers. ;
¦ '"Walter Crowninshield resided in a cabin
two miles northwest of the old town of
Como. He was a recluse and his life was
a mystery to the miners and Inhabitants
of this section. He lived ; alone and . no
one, until after his murder, ever saw the
interior of the solitary cabin that housed
him. At times he locked the doors and re
mained in confinement for months at a
time. Lack of food alone drove him from
his shelter and then he would hasten to
the neighboring towns and . replenish his
supply without communicating with any
one. - Years ago he had prospected In the
hills and held several . mining claims.
From some of these he took considerable
gold and he was reputed to have much
treasure stored within the dingy confines
of his habitation, or buried where prying
thieves could not reach it.
During the early part of 1900. Crownin
shield disappeared, but little attention was
given . his absence at the time, it being
thought that the man had again entered
seclusion. In June of last year, however,
he was accounted for. What remained of
his decapitated body was found in a heap
of ashes about half a mile from, his cabin.
The officials, beyond establishing the fact
that he was murdered by robbers, could
make no headway in the case. Notwith
standing that a rigid search was made,
the victim's head could not be found; The
cabin had been ransacked by the murder
ers and there were evidences of a further
search for gold in the vicinity of the rude
hut. ¦'¦".¦!¦' : ¦'
ifZ Special Dispatch to The OiU.
Revives Interest in Quest for
the Slayers of a Miner
Recluse.
Prospectors Bring in a
Nevada HermitV
Head.
GREWSOME FIND
RECALLS MURDER
7
THE SAN FKANCISCO XJALL, THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
HUNTINGTON-PERKINS WEDDING.
* Continued From Page Five.
. Mrs. John J. Valentine, Miss Van Ness, Mr.
and Mrs. T. C. Van Ness, Dr. and Mrs. A. B.
Voorhles, Miss Voorhies, William Voorhles,
Judge and Mrs. W. C. Van Fleet, Miss C. Van
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Thomas. Mr. and Mrs.
W. H. Taylor, Rear Admiral and Mrs. Joseph
Trilley, Mrs. Fannie G. Thompson. Miss Elsie
Tallant, Robert J. Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. W. S.
Tobin. .'.
Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin, Wallace- A.
Sabln, Mr. and Mrs. S. Sanborn. Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Schwerln, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Schmel
dell, Mrs. Sidney Smith, Mr. and Mrs. F. A.
Sanborn, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur W. Spear, Mra.
M. E. Seaton, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott,
Mr", and Mrs. Laurance Scott, Mr. and Mrs.
Irvlns M. Scott. Dr. and Mrs. Reginald Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. A. M. Simpson, Miss Simpson,
Mr. and Mrs. Herman Schussler, Misses Schuss
ler, ' Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, ¦ Mr. and Mrs.
George Sanderson, Mrs. John Swift, Mr. -and
Mrs. Rudolph Spreckcls, Major General W. R.
Shatter, Mr. and Mrs. B. Stout. William
Sproule, Miss Sperry, / Captain and Mrs. W.
R. Smedberg Jr., Colonel and Mrs. W. " R.
Smedberg, Mr. and Mrs. O. B. Somers, Mrs.
F. A. Spaulding, Miss Spauldlng, E. Sessions,
B. Somers, Mrs. Jane Stanford, Mr. and Mrs.
Claus Spreckels, Adolph B. Spreckels, Mr. and
Mrs. C. August Spreckels, Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Spreckels, Misses Spreckels, T. Steinbach, S.
Stelnbach. Mr. and Mrs. James B. Stetson,
Judge and Mrs. C. W. Slack, Mr. and Mrs.
Chester Smith. Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Scott. Mr.
and Mrs. Nicholas Smith.
Kedington, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Redding. Dr.
and Mrs. Harry Richardson. L. P. Rixf ord,
Mr. and Mrs. N. D. Rldeout, Miss Eusle Rus
sell,* Mrs. Laura Roe.
GTJS HENRIOULE DIES."^-Gus Henrioula
died in the French Hospital yesterday of Inju
ries received last Saturday when he was throwa
off a wagon. An inquest will be held.
•? : . . f-
Fleet. Mr. and Mrs. Edward P. Vlnin*. Mis3
Van Slcklen. Howard Veeder, F. W. Vaa Slck
len. Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Vail.
Mr and Mra. J. K. "Wilson, Misses "Wilson.
Mr and Mrs. R. J. Wilson. Mrs. Ramon* E.
Wilson Miss Wright. Mr. and Mrs. Edward
C Wright, Mrs. ¦ E. Walker. Mr. and Mrs. W.
R* Whittler, W. Frank Whittier, Kolla V.
W : att F. R. Webster, Mr. and Mrs. A. Way
mire Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Winslow, Mr. and
Mrs. W. S. Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Charles S.
Wheeler Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E. Worden,
Woodworth Wethered, Mr. and Mrs. George H.
"Wneaton, Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Wright, Miss
Wright. Mr. and Mrs." F. N. Wood. Misses
Wood Mlas Helen Wagner. Mrs. William Wil
lis. Dr. and Mrs. Whitney.
Henry M. Terlngton.
. Mr. and Mrs. Frederick W. Zelle. a
. "The Slaves^ of the Orient" is the
bill, a spectacular melodrama : with the
scenes laid In Constantinople, and every
thing from Armenian, massacres to the
Florodora sextet is included in the enter
tainment. Moon-faced houris abound,
wending their bejeweled way 'round rose
scented fountains, or dancing sensuous
measures for the tyrant pleasure of the
Grand Turk. The Sultan's favorite wife
Fatima (Agnes Ranken) in pale blue satin
trews and other handsome heathen garb,
plots lusciously for three stirring ac*s.
The Sultan himself (Stanley Ross), fierce
ly bewhlskered, outvies the bravest Turk
that" ever adorned a cigar box. There are
milk-white Arabian steeds also in the pic
ture, Armenians in endless numbers, and
bold, bad Turks by the bunch. There is
a group of Americans, also, who show up
rather unplcturesquely against the bar
baric splendors of the Orientals, but who
make things hum nevertheless. The set
tings are as handsome as have been seen
here for some time, In any theater, and
the whole production, from the spec
tacular standpoint, is a great credit to
the enterprising management. The scene
in the Sultan's- garden, the street scene
and the harem are thoroughly character
istic and picturesque;
The drama has the same lavishness In
plot and incident. - Briefly its story ' is
this: The Sull&n of Turkey falls In love
with an American girl, j niece of ' the
United States Embassador,^ =and does her
the honor to desire to add! her to his col
lection of Lights of the Harem. The lady
Is unambitious and prefers an American
lieu tenants whom, unfortunately, the Sul
tan's favorite In office, Fatima, has got
her weather eye on. The Sultan, amazed
at the lady's want of taste, determines
to reform It by massacreing a number of
ANY one who wants more for the
price than is offered at the Cen
tral Theater this week wants
more than he is likely to get.
Thomas J. Johnson, alias Carl Peterson,
indicted by the -Federal Grand Jury for
having counterfeit dollar pieces in his
possession, pleaded guilty yesterday in
the United States District Court. He was
ordered to appear for sentence on Friday.
Counterfeiter Pleads Guilty.
"Rudolph Singer, a \beggar, attempted to
choke Mrs. Fillipini, who lives at 138
Clement street, yesterday. He was taken
Into custody . by Officer Hadley -and
charged with battery. The. man entered
the house and demanded food and when
it was denied him he tried to wreak his
spite. - - : -'¦¦¦' ¦
Beggar Chokes a Woman.
There is no abatement . at Fiscrfer's
Theater for "Fiddle Dee Dee." The house
continues to • play to standing ' room at
every performance. This is the fourth
week and preparations are being made for
another month's run, with a change of
specialties each Monday night. Rehear
sals are In progress for the second bill of
three burlesques, "Pousse Cafe," "A
Royal Family" ' and "Antony and Cleo
patra." - There ' will be a special -Mayday
matinee this afternoon of "Fiddle . Dee
Dee. 1 :•¦ • • ¦ . .-;-
The Edward Harrigan season at the ;
Grand Opera-house is attracting , large
contingents of the older playgoers, who
are finding much pleasure in renewing
acquaintance with Harrigan's well known
gifts in the favorite old comedy "Old
Lavender." Mr. Harrigan gives an excel
lent portrait of the old man and Is very
well supported by the Grand Opera-hous^
stock company.. Next week another Har
rigan favorite will be given in - "The
Leather Patch." .
vtechy" Mrs. Starbuck, gray-haired and
ginghani-gowned, is another astonishing
sort of transformation. Oddest of all is
the make-up of George Bloomquest as the
village half-wit, a tow-haired, -barefooted,
sunburnt youth. He acts the part to the
life, -in fact in an almost painfully real
istic fashion, and is greeted with shouts
of laughter throughout Clifford Dempsey
is a lovely villain and Miss Dean a charm
ing Ingenue. Then Donald > Bowles and
Ben Southard must be remembered, as
also John Burton. Excellent also are the
negro sketches of Lillian Andrews and
Scott Seaton. Altogether' "The Star
bucks" Is a play to see. .
SCENES IN THE SULTAN'S HAREM IN THE "SLAVES OF THE ORIENT," A PLAT NOW ON AT THE CENTRAL
THEATER, IN WHICH DRAMATIC CLIMAXES ABOUND AND ARMENIANS BY THE SCORE AND TURKS
BY THE BUNCH FIGURE.
The Calif ornia. has ¦ an " excellent attrac-*
tion this week in VThe Starbucks," Opie
Read's "\ new ;. pastoral •, drama, splendidly
given by ' the ¦ Neill ? company. • The " Nellls
have seldom had a play in, which so many
members of i the clever company, have had
opportunity to shine.— -Nelll himself,* as the
old :. • moonshiner, Jasper '¦; Starbuck, is v a
very: foreign Neill, -but yet" a particularly
effective one." Miss Chapman, seen as the
"The Fortune Teller" is bowling : mer
rilj» along at the Tlvoll, but gives way on
Monday evening next- to "The - Singing
Girl,", the joint production of -•. Smith
Strange and . Victor Herbert. • The v pretty
opera was one of. the favorite productions
of "'Alice' Nielsen and -her company and
shouid ¦ meet with as , much success t as its
predecessors . of the present : Ti voll ¦' season
have met . with. Annie Myers, who ; has
not ¦ had * quite ?. all • the ' chance that I was.
coming to her of late, will have the name
role and .will- doubtless make much of its
attractions. . .The rest of the company
have all good parts. ,
"The«Lash of the Whip," a'farcecom
edy of the; merriest, is convulsing Alca
zar audiences." Its ingenious complica
tions and ; the | good acting are serving to
draw, crowds to the popular playhouse.
Next week one of the chief events of the
Alcazar season will take place in the pro
duction of "When the Heart Was Young "
a . new rural drama, by the local play
wrights," Charles Francis Bryant and Lotta
Day Coleman. - Much care has been ex
pended upon the play, that has also had
every advantage of rehearsal and- fitness
of mountings. ¦ >;-r ': ••-*¦
N.. C. Goodwin and Maxine Elliott have
repeated their former triumph in "When
, We Were Twenty-one" at the Columbia
Theater and the first week of their en
gagement has- seen a series of: capacity
testing audiences. For the second and
last week of their engagement the stars
will appear in a repertoire of two of the
greatest successes. On Monday,' Tuesday
and Wednesday nights and at the matinee
on J Saturday Madeleine Lucette Ryley's
original comety in four acts, "An Amer
ican Citizen," will be staged. On-Thurs
day, Friday and Saturday nights "When
We Were Twenty-one" will be the bill
for the last times. Another great attrac
tion follows, John Drew and his splendid
company appearing in Robert Marshall's
play, "The Second in Command," opening
on Monday, evening, May 12, and continu
ing for two weeks. •
There is a capital collection of enter
tainers at the Orpheum this week, includ
ing the five : Nosses, the Florenz troupe,
Jack Norworth, Louise Dresser, and Mil
ton and Dollie Nobles, who present "At
Bilgeville Junction," a screaming farce.
The Pony. ballet, Wilton brothers, and the
Knight brothers, all of whom are good,
are. in their last performances. Next
week comes Julia Heinrich, the renowned
concert, and oratorio contralto, who has
•consented to. spend two weeks In vaude
ville. . - • . .;•" * ¦ •¦•
Armenians. She wilts, and to save them,
consent* to enter the ; harem, and so on
and so on. Old Glory is largely used In
draping 1 the play, and with the "Star-
Spangled Banner" triumphantly ends it.
... Annette ' Marshall shines as the Ameri
can girl, and Georgie Cooper as a French
damsel who seems to have wandered In
from "The Geisha" is piquancy itself.
Agnes Ranken is Fatlma, and deals a
knock-out rose to the hero with all the
grace of the Orient. Stanley Ross is a
Sultan of the deepest dye, and is hand
somely foiled by Earle Brown, who
makes a very fetching hero. The rest
of the cast lives well up to things, and
there is a good olio of specialists, an
Oriental ballet, a very attractive edition
of the only sextet, and Miss Ethel
Strachan in "I Want to Be a Leading
Lady.": :"-;- v?v.:; j >.¦.
"THE SLAVES OF THE ORIENT"
ABOUNDS IN PRETTY SCENES
ADVEB.TISEMENT&
£bm CARTERS
8ICOEAMCHE
Positively cured by^theso-
iuttle Pills. •-;.
They also relieve distress from Dys^
pepsia, Indigestion* and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Toneue, Eain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. . They
Regulate the Bottels. Purely VcKetaWe.
6mell PUU Small Dose.
Small Price. : 'S ¦ ¦%
EMU
Two Days Among Orange
Blossoms— A Unique Trip
Arranged.
The Pullman train, with special dining-
car, leaving here Saturday morning at 9
o'clock, will carry a merry party to Pen-
ryn. The tennis tournament in the after-
noon is of exceptional interest, as the
champions, the Whitney brothers, and
Hardy brothers compete. The whole
country side is making-, preparations to
give the visitors a thoroughly enjoyable
outing. Free carriages will be furnished
and the guests, will be driven through the
orange groves and shown all over the
fruit distript. The guests will be enter-
tained at liinch on Saturday and Sunday.
They will also be given the freedom of the
Loomis clubhouse during their stay, with
transfers to and from, the special train
on which they will sleep Saturday night.
The tickets for this trip cost only $10 and
include all expenses except two meals on
the train. Tickets on sale at Southern Pa-
cific ticket office, 613 Market street. Berth
should be reserved at once.
Court Appoints Receiver.
George C. Stratton has been, appointed
by Judge Kerrigan receiver of the saloon
and cigar store at 2206 Mission street,
pending the trial of a suit to set aside
a bill of sale of the property instituted
by Mary J. R. Meinzer yesterday against
Joseph D. Meinzer and William Kruse.
Mrs. Meinzer claims the bill of sale was
obtained by fraud.
AMUSEMENTS.
TODAY'S
THE BIG DAY!
At 10 A. M. Sharp.
GRAND OPEXING OF THE
NEW CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth k A venue.
A Host of New Attractions on tbe Grounds
and In the Magnificent Theater.
Beating 4000 People.
PERFORMANCES EVERT AFTERNOON and
EVENING.
SPECIAL FEATURE:
Col. Edward Beaupre,
THE TRENCH GIANT.
Absolutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Fe«t Ten and One-Half Inches In - .
His Stocklnzs.
ZOO in CHARGE OF COLONEL. DANIEL)
BOONE.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TREMENDOUS AUDIENCES NIGHTLY
GREET
America's Greatest Author- Actor,
EUWARD HARRIGAN,
In Mr. Harrigan'6 Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
One of the Best Plays Ever "Written.
POPULAR PRICES.... 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra. Seat All Matinees 25c
Next Week— "THE LEATHER PATCH." '
LAST TIMES THIS WEEK.
BARGAIN MATINEE TO-DAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting the Very Latest of Pronounced
Stare Successes,
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Ople Read.
SEATS SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING,,
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
SEATS READY.
Belasco & Tha.Il, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK. V
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces,
The Lash
of the Whip.
It has convulsed London, Paris and New York.
PRICES 15c. 25c, 35c, 60c. 75c.
Next Week — "When the Heart Was Youn«."
BEIbASCO ambThALES^Sgjsf^S>
THE GREATEST HIT IN YEARS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
. MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular, Melodrama Ever
Been Jn This City,
SLA VES OF
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE
PRODUCTION. THE. GREATEST EVEB.
New and Up-to-Date Specialties. .
Appearance of the Brilliant Actor, EARLE
BROWNE.
PPirCC Evenings... 10c to 50c
r&IWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
West Week— "MRS. PARTINGTON." ii
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. _.
Special Sale of Portieres
A sale of Tapestry Portieres is now in progress — Our patrons
attending, will find, that the offerings comprise some of this
season's best values— Judge as you read : .'
Persian and Oriental striped Choice^PORTIERES in the
PORTIERES, 3 yards long richest of Oriental colorings
and full width, frirrged top and and all over designs; 3 yards '
bottom, in a large variety of long; can be used on either
choice colors; worth $3.50 a side; were exceptional value
pair, our, special (ho /yc at $4.25 a pair,(£o jrri
sale price .............. CpZ./O special sale price..... C|)O.0U ..
; Extra quality tapestry Double faced, extra heavy
PORTIERES, in handsome COUCH.COVERS; 60 inches
designs of^self colors and two wide for couch; colors,
toned effects, with beautifully navy, red and green, inOriental
knotted fringe; were originally ¦ designs, fringed on both ends;
sold for $4.00 a pair, (pQ r\r\ worth $5.00 each, q>o ca
sale price CpO.UU sale price CpOOU
Children's Knitted Waists
Another large shipment of NAZARETH WAISTS have arrived
—They are the most practical and satisfactory underwaists
made for bdjfs and girls. Knitted— for elasticity and for com-
fort to the growing child. Taped over shoulder— for
supporting skirts or trousers. Require no mending— /* m
for there are no seams to rip or tear — Price for all /»^/^
sizes 1 to 12 years £dV W
Ladies' Handkerchief Sale
Hundreds of dainty, neat designs in pretty sheer white
Handkerchiefs, for ladies' use, on sale to-day — Some are
hemstitched embroidered — some scalloped embroidered — •£<*
others trimmed with Valenciennes and imitation duchess 1 1 H
lace— All new and perfect goods — Price while they last IJLv
Wood Novelties for Burning
Art Pyography — burnt work on wood — the latest fashionable
fad — easy to learn. All the needed materials are here— Just
received a large variety of the following plain wood articles
for burning.
Picture Frames, ...25c Card Boxes, 45c Nut Bowels, $1.15
Match Cases....... 35c Handkerchief Boxes 45c Tobacco Jars, ....$ 1.50
JewelryBoxes, 40c Candle Sticks 65c Steins, ..$2.35
Pipe Racks, 50c Wine Trays, $1.00 Placques,...3Octo$1.85 »
Also a most attractive showing of finished burnt and painted
wood novelties such as :— Handkerchief , glove and necktie
boxes, blotting pads, match holders, smoking sets, ink stands, '
book racks, letter boxes, stampboxes, etc. .
Ladies' Golf Vests
Ladies' Stylish Knitted Vests — for golfing, yachting,
bicycling and tramping — made of extra quality wool, in pretty "
shades of red, blue and green, with white or, black dots, also
black with red or white dots and white with /h-g /»ii»
black dots — finished with gilt buttons — exceptional I / f\
value at.... ;.. 1$3l%Lv
=== Kearny and Suffer Sts. =
- A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases arrived yesterday and
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this grreat book at tbe prem-
ium rate of 91 5O. Out of
town subscribers deslrins »
copy of tbls splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt of $1 60. All mall
orders will be sbipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
FAKE HAIB PREPABATION-S
33 o Hair No Good, but Often Cause It
to Fall Out. ; > v
Many hair^ preparations are "fake" .be-
cause they "are merely scalp Irritants.
They often cause a dryness, making the
hair brittle, and, finally, lifeless. Dandruff
is the cause of all trouble with hair. , It is
a germ disease. The germ makes cuticle
scales as it digs to the-root of the hair,
where it destroys the hair's vitality, caus-
ing: -the hair to fall ouj. To cure " dan-
druff, the germ must be killed. "Destroy
the cause, you remove the effect.". "New-'
bro's Herpiclde is the only hair prepara-
tion that kills the dandruff germ,, thereby
leaving. the hair. to grow luxuriantly. I
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT }
ToofhPowder
ITsiBd "by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a cent\iry.
H°SS!" E| S
"A dose of the" Bitters before meals
will aidthe stomach in its work of
d igestiori , also prevent t he bowels
frombecorriirig constipated. Taken
regularly v^ill surely, cure^lridiges-
tion;- Dyspepsia,' Constipation, and
Kidney and Liver Troubles." . '
Estdblisncu foZ3a
P Hi 3 wL s^i 911
¦p ¦ ¦ VI wi - i* ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
' JAKK JOSEPH. Retjresentative. 300 Battery Street. San Francisco.
Ride through the most interestiiv?* territories
j~^ tKe world on. trie w- Luxurious
CALI|JOgNI^ LlMKCED
. AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (THURSDAY), May Day.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nosses;
I/ouise Dresser; Jack Norworth;
Hilton and ' Dollie Nobles, and
the Biograph. Last times' of the
Pony Ballet; Wilton Brothers, and
Knight Brothers.
ANNOUIN'CEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
Beginning Sunday Matinee, Only Appearance In
Vaudeville of
JULIA HEINRICH,
America's Greatest Concert Contralto.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THIS WEEK THE 1 LAST.
DON'T MISS IT.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
MONDAY. .May 5th—
"THE SINGING GIRL."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
f*fil IIMDIA 8AR FHASC1SCITI
Powell st, near Market.
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAYS. V
' MATINEES SATURDAYS. ¦ '.; -.}
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ' LlLIOTT
In their greatest American and London success.
When We Were Twenty-One.
Next Week— Last Nights of
GOODWIN-ELLIOTT Engagement
First 3 Nights and Matinee Saturday.
'-'AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
SEATS NOW READY.
DDtrpC Evenings.. $2, $1 50, $1. 75c, 50e, 25o
miVCJ Matinees.... '. .$1 50. $1, 75c. 60c| 25c
| FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'Farrell, bet Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
THIS AFTERNOON.
MAY=DAY
MATINEE.
"PIDDLE DEE DEE"
AT THE POPULAR PRICES OF 25 CENTS
anywhere you like.
Children this afternoon 10c.
N!g ? t i P fl c * s --, " 25o and 50c
And the only really great .show in town.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
. . ¦¦ 3:15 P. M.
S.UNDAY. 2:80 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION. PARK.
EiKhth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton st* r :
Onin/tp -Desirable location,
1 did VW unsurpassed cuisine, '
. u n equaled ser-
Ofin vice and modern
Uilil , conveniences are the
— •« attributes that have
¦Tfflflai ma d e these two ho-*
UlUllU tels popular with
;V * tourists 'and travel-
nATAlC* ers w^° visit San
ilUlWla Francisco.HISTORIC CROSS RAISED BY THE MISSION FATHERS A"? SANTA
CLARA 125 TEARS AGO. IT WAS BLOWN DOWN BY THE WIND ON
MARCH 1, AND WILL BE RE-BRECTED ON SATURDAY.
Father Kenna is one of the best-known
prelates in the State. He is now serving
his second term as President of Santa
Clara College. He was born in Jackson,
Miss., on September 6, 1844, and entered
the. Society, of Jesus- in 1868. He was
raised to the priesthood in 1879 and the
next year became president of St. Igna
tius College in San Francisco. In July,
1883, he became the ninth president of
Santa Clara College. His term expired in
1888 and he then went to St. Ignatius Col
lege as vice president. On July 13, 1899,
while pastor of St. Joseph's Church in San
Jose he was again called to the presi
dency of Santa Clara, which position he
now holds.-
The exercises began at 8:30 o'clock this
morning, when an interesting programme
of field events was presented by. the stu
dents. At 1'. o'clock in the afternoon the
annual alumni banquet was held. This
feast was followed by more sports, and an
entertainment this evening in honor of
Father Kenna closed the day. -
College celebrated the feast of St. Robert
to-day. It was a double event, the occa
sion being also in honor of Rev. Robert
E. Kenna.'S. J., president of the college.
JThe popularity of the reverend ¦ father
added unusual 7 Interest to the" celebration,
and the grounds were crowded by friends
who called to pay their respects to Presi
dent Kenna; Many beautiful floral pieces
also arrived at the college for him.
FATHER KENNA HONORED.
SANTA CLARA, April 30.— Santa Clara
SANTA CLARA, April 29.— The cere
mony of raising the old mission
cross, blown down inthe storin, of
March 1, will take place in front
of St. v" Claire's? church on Satur
day. The cross was originally planted in
1777. Just 125 years will have elapsed from
the time when It was first set- to the date
of its placement in the present year. It
has stood. in. three centuries.
There will be exercises -appropriate to
the occasion. Rev. Robert JS.Kenna will
deliver the address. ¦; > . ¦ ' - .
Weather-worn and decayed on the out
side, the timber of the cross is yet sound
and firm. It has been dressed and re
covered with tongue and grooved planks
three inches thick. These planks are so
carefully joined'that the wood of the cross
is practically sealed hermetically and
will endure : for another hundred years or
more.
From the outside edges of the cross the
wood removed has been carefully pre
served and is being made into miniature
crosses. These are eagerly sought by the
faithful and are worthy, of the diligence
shown in securing them. They represent
about all that is le % ft of the early mission
belongings that is not sacred to the keep
ing of the church. '
A special train under the direction of a Joint
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying business men only will
leave Market-et. Ferry at 9:30 p m Mar s
via the Santa Fe. Rate or one fare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to Join this party should make x arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching all impor
tant points in the San Joaquin Valley Itlner-
Kwi'toST" 011 at Santa Fe , Tlcke| :
Business Men's Excursion.
William H. Fonner, who says he is a
physician, was arrested yesterday on a
warrant -charging him with omitting to
provide a minor child with the neces
saries of life. He was. released on bail
The complaining witness is his wife Mrs"
Kate Fonner, who rooms in the Clunie
building. She alleges that Fonner ha!
not provided for his son, Willie, 12 years
Of £L£6 t
Failure to Provide for Son.
Carlotta Donde is suing the firm of W.
Loaiza & Co., to recover a box of Jewelry,
which she alleges is illegally held by the
firm. The plaintiff alleges that the jewelrv
is valued at $1000. ;> J ; f ¦
Mrs. Donde was recently ". appointed
guardian of her grandchild, the son of
Louis Loazla, a member of the defendant
firm, after. a bitter battle. with the mem
bers of the Loaiza family. . . •
Sues to Recover Jewelry.
County Mayo booth of the Irish Fair
gave a social dance last night at Scottish
Hall. The affair proved a financial and
social Buccess. The spacious hall was
crowded long before the first number on
the lengthy dance programme was called,
and as the evening progressed many of
the numbers were encored. The partici
pants voted the affair a thoroughly enjoy
able one. The success of the social re
flects much credit on the committee under
whose charge it was.
Dance at Scottish Hall in Aid of Irish
Fair Fund Is Largely-
Attended.
SOCIAL OF THE COUNTY
MAYO BOOTH A SUCCESS
Elizabeth I. Granniss, widow of the late
George W. Granniss, is opposing the dis
tribution of her late husband's estate un
der the terms of- the will left by him on
the ground that the document provides
only for the disposition . of property ac
quired by Granniss during the life of hia
first wife, whose death occurred many
years prior to his second marriage.
The • widow alleges that Granniss in
making his will disposed only, of that
part of his estate which he had acquired
during the life of his first wife and that
she is therefore entitled to a wife's share
of the wealth he accumulated after his
second marriage. Mrs. Granniss esti
mates that this property is worth $80,000
and asks that the court determine the
amount before final distribution is ¦ or
dered. - • ; .....
band's Property Was Acquired
After Second Marriage. '
Mrs. Granniss Claims Part of Hus-
WIDOW OPPOSES FINAL
DISTRIBUTION OF .ESTATE
Frank P. Howland, Julius J. Levy an-l
John J. Sullivan corroborated Umland.
Policeman John B. Charleston. testified to
arresting Flaherty in J. J. Dugan's store
at the corner of Octavia and Hayes
streets. The other witnesses examined
were- Corporal George W. Russell, j£ J.
Dugan. Dr. W. E. Stevens, j Joseph W.
Stapleton and Charles Roller, the mur
dered young man's father. The deposition
of Dr. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon, who
is out of the city, was read and the prose
cution rested.. The defense will go on this
morning.
The trial of Thomas Flaherty, charged
with the murder of Frederick H. Roller
in William Umland's saloon at 311 Frank
lin street on the night of January 28 was
continued yesterday before a jury in
Judge Cook's court. The principal wit
ness for the prosecution was Umland
who testified that on the night in question
Flaherty rushed into the saloon and said
that he wanted his dog. Umland replied
that the dog was not there and Flaherty
retorted, "If I don't get that dog I will
kill every one in the place." Roller,
Frank P. Howard, Julius Levy and John
J. Sullivan were playing cards at a table
at the time. Flaherty pulled a revolver
out. of his pocket and flourished it around.
Roller jumped up from his chair, and
grabbing hold of Flaherty tried to turn
him around toward the bar when the re
volver was discharged. Roller let go. of
Flaherty and said "Bill, I am done for "
He staggered toward the end- of the bar
and fell. Umland said to Flaherty, "What
do you mean by raising a disturbance in
my place; you must be crazy." Flaherty
then backed out of the saloon, after fir
ing another shot. .
Several Witnesses Tell of the Killing
of Frederick H. Roller in Um
. land's. Saloon.
PROSECUTION CLOSES, * '
IN THE FLAHERTY CASE
Byrne resided at the house of Mrs.
Catherine Sullivan, 1436 Kentucky street.
Among his effects was found a will, dated
May 26, 1S98, in which he leaves all his
property to Mrs. Catherine Sullivan and
her children and Hans Rasmussen and
his children in equal oarts. His property
consists of $3000 on deposit in the Bank
of Britsh Xorth America.
The second case was that of a man
about 40 years of age. He committed sui
cide yesterday' morning In the lodglng
hcuse, 149A Fifth street, by taking cya
nide of potassium. He was found by the
landlady, Mrs. Mary Hunt, dead in bed at
10 o'clock in the morning. On- a chair at
the bedside was a glass in which was &
small part of the diluted poison. He had
lived in the lodging-house for three weeks
and Informed Mrs. Hunt when he en
gaged the room that he was working
from 1 o'clock in the morning until 10
o'clock in the forenoon. The body was
taken to the Morgue for identification.
The third case was that of Conrad W.
A. Wulff of 734 Williow avenue. Up to
two years ago Wulff worked as a porter
tor the firm of Sachs Bros, and became
afflicted with a disease of which the chief
symptom Is a hardening of the skin. He
was obliged to leave his employment and
his wife supported him and herself by
working in the San Francisco Laundry.
Only a short time ago Wulff told Dr.
Dray that he intended to kill himself.
Mrs. Wulff came home yesterday for
lunch shortly after noon. She saw her
husband sitting on the side of the bed.
and as she came in the door he said: "I
am going to die; good-by, Annie," and fell
back and expired. A tumbler which had
contained cyanide of potassium was near.
In examining the body Deputy Coroner
ileehan found a piece of paper on which
was scribbled a request in the handwrit
ing of the deceased that his. remains be
cremated at Cypress Lawn. : <
Wulff was a member of the Order of
Foresters. He was 52 years of age and a
native of Germany.
Alice Hennig, wife of John Hennig, a
marine engineer in the employ of the
a . l c , omme , rclaI Company, commit
ted suicide early last evening by. swal
lowing carbolic acid. The Hennigs have
been married two years and according to
her husband's story Mrs. Hennig had
been drinking heavily. On returning
home on Tuesday night Hennig found his
wife in an intoxicated condition and after
a few words lett the house. Mrs. Hennig
y/ent to the home of her grandmother,
Mrs. Braham, at 412 Minna street, yes
terday, and during the evening without
telling of her intentions stepped into a
bedroom and took the poison. The police
were notified and had the woman re
moved to the Central Emergency Hospi
tal, where she died soon after her arrival
Mrs. Hennig was 20 years of age.
Four suicides were reported at the
Morgue yesterday up to 5 p. m.. three by
poison and one by the pistol.
With sufficient • money in bank to sup
port him for the remainder of his days,
James Byrne, 75 years of age, shot
and killed himself at half past 11 o'clock
yesterday forenoon on Army street, near
Kentucky, because he had been' afflicted
with a malady that could have only a
.fatal termination.
Byrne had been working as hatch
tender for the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Light Company up
to a few months ago, at which
time he was seized with a stroke
of paralysis. This made him very de
spondent, and on April 1 of this year he
attempted suicide by cutting his throat.
After that attempt he was taken to St.
Luke's Hospital and was discharged two
weeks ago as cured. At that time he told
hi.-, friends that he did not want to live
any longer/
Despondent Persons End
Their Lives by, Vari
. ous Methods.
THREE BY POISON,
ONE BY BULLET
SAYS HIS NURSE
INFLUENCED HIM
Charles Swain Opposes
Probate of Late
. Brother's Will.
Charles W. Swain of Xew York, brother
of the late Edward R. Swain, the archi
tect, tiled an objection to the probating of
his brother's will yesterday. He' claims
that the document was not entirely writ
ten or dated by the deceased; that it was
net signed by him in the presence of the
subscribing witnesses and that when the
document was executed his brother was
under the influence of Olive Catherine
Longabough, his nurse, who was named
by the testator as residuary legatee.
Swain died April 10, 1902, leaving an estate
estimated to be worth $10,000. His death
occurred at the Lane Hospital. Previous
to his removal to the hospital he had re
sided at 791 Hayes street, the home of
Miss Longabough's sister. Miss Longa
bough cared for him while he remained at
her sister's home and when he was re
moved to the hospital she went with him
arid nursed him until he died.
In the disputed will Swain bequeathed
fl to each of his two brothers, one of
whom. F. W. Swain, resides in this city;
his office furnishings to intimate friends
and the rest of his estate to Miss Longa
bough. who, it was said, was the promised
wife of the deceased. The will is holo
graphic, having been written by Swain
on paper bearing a printed date line and
the location of his office. The contest of
the will is based principally upon the fact
of the printed matter being- upon the
paper, as in many instances wills of a like
character have been upset.
NEW CHUTES WILL OPEN
IN I BLAZE OF GLORY
That the new Chutes is a decided im
provement over the old will be easily seen
by pleasure-seekers. The famous resort
reopens to-day. It is located on Fultcn
. street, on the north side of Golden Gate
£Park, and can be conveniently reached
by taking the McAllister and Geary street
cars. The new Chutes covers 260x600 feet.
The corporation controlling the resort ex
penJed $75,000 for the grounds and $325,000
for improvements. The theater that has
been erected will seat 4000 people and is
said to be the largest in the United States.
The stage is 38 feet wide, 46 feet deep and
26 feet high, with rising scenes and the
best of appointments. The proscenium
arch has a fourteen-foot sounding board.
A pleasing feature about the grounds is
. the use of concrete, which makes the' re
sort free from dust. The buildings have
been painted white and trimmed with car
nival colors. The menagerie Is a large
{building ' and excellently ventilated.
•The "happy family," which is composed
of monkeys, dogs, parrots and other do
mestic animals, has a fine building to it
eelf. The scenic railroad Is more than a
mile in length. A mammoth searchlight
will look out over the city from the new
ly'opened resort. The opening bill is a
good one. Preparations are being made to
• entertain 20,000 people to-day.
Kate Fonner is suing William H. Fon
ner, to whom she was married at Okla
homa City in 1890, for maintenance. Sho
alleges that for . the last twelve month3
her husband has failed to. provide for her
or tlfeir child. She alleges also that
Conner is in receipt of a monthly in
come of $300 from his business.
Judge Seawell made an order yester
day directing Thomas J. Kelleher, a yeo
man in the United States navy and sta
tioned at Mare Island, to pay to his wife,
Alice Kelleher, $20 per month for the sup
port of herself and child.
A divorce was granted to Wiliam A.
Gregory from Louise. M. Gregory for'de
sertion, v ¦ . .
Agnes S. Rosenfeld,*-who is i being sued
for divorce by Max L. .Rosenfeld, a mem
ber of the firm of John Rosenfeld's Sons
Company, in an affidavit filed yesterday,
brands the charges of cruelty made
against her by her husband as false
hoods. The affidavit was filed in connec-.
tion with a motion for alimony, pending
the trial of the suit. Mrs. Rosenfeld,
who is a niece of Colonel W. R. Smed
berg, asks that the court award her $150
a month alimony, $250 counsel fees and $75
to relieve her present necessities. She
says that there are no provisions in. their
home at 2418 Washington street, and that'
she is badly in need of clothing and food
for herself and two minor children. She
estimates her husband's monthly income
to be $250. ¦ .
SHE PLEADS POVERTY.
Ethyle Maceo is suing Santiago Macco
for divorce on the ground of cruelty, al
leging that he has without cause or prov
ocation cruelly beaten and abused her
almost daily since their marriage on Jan
uary 8. 1902. ¦
Alexander Timmins, a musician, is be
ing sued for divorce by Clara Timmins
on the ground of cruelty. She alleges
that since their marriage in September,
1S94, her husband has beaten and abused
her without provocation. She alleges
that she was compelled to leave him on
the 25th inst. They have one child, the
custody of whom Mrs. Timmins ¦ asks.
TIMMINS BEATS WIFE.
A suit for dlvdrce has been begun
against Charles Walker by Phoebe Wal
ker. Failure to provide is alleged. The
Walkers were married in 1892.
The ¦ charges of cruelty ware not gone
Into at the trial, as Mrs. Reichenberg
proved that for thirteen years ail her
husband had given her toward the sup
port of a household- of four, children and
two adults was $5 a week. . -Th.e ¦ decree
of divorce was granted by Judge Muras
ky upon the testimony of Mrs. .Relch<5n
berg and David "Klein, her "brother, ....
Mary. Alice Somers, who "Was married
to Paul A. Somers in October, 1S94; -filed'
a suit for divorce yesterday- for failure
to provide. She alleges that Somers has
not provided her with the necessaries- of
life for the last two years. They have
one child, a boy aged 6.
Marie Verdier is suing Philip Verdier
for divorce for desertion, alleging that ho
left her in November, 1S98. . They were
married in France in'18S5, and have two
children. .„' : . .< v •
"My parents provide for me," said Mrs. I
Fannie .Reichenberg to Judge'. Murasky
yesterday, In answer to a question as to*
how she lived. and supported a family on
a weekly allowance, of $5 made by her'
husband, Bernhard V. Reichenberg, '¦• a
commission merchant at 632 Market
street. She is suing Reichenberg for di
vorce on the grounds of failure to pro
vide and cruelty. • .. ¦ ':
Mrs. Reichenberg Is Granted
Divorce for Failure v
; : to- Provide.
Merchant's ; v Wife Says
Father and Mother
Suppor ted> Her. \
PARENTS DRIVE
WOLF FROM DOOR
Be Undone at Santa Clara.
Ruthless Work of the March Wind to
FAMotJiS "MISS ION GI^OSS
WILL AGAIN BE RAISED
¦ • ¦ • ¦ ¦ . , (
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, fMAX ;l, l»ua.
8
TWENTrETHCENTURYCODKBOOKS
A car-load of Cook Books
Jnst arrived from Chicago and
are ready for dlatrlbntlon at
the banin«n« 'office of this
paper. All Cair'smbacribera V
are entitled to a copy of thin
srreat Cook Book at the prem-
ium price of fifty centn.
An additional charge of 20
cents to pay eipre«»«ge will .
be required ; from out "of tovrn
aubscrtbersi ordering by mnll.
YODR BLOOD IN MAY MUST
PRODUCE TRUE VITALITY
OR DISEASE.
Paine's Celery
Compound
Expels All ; Winter Impurities and
Poisons Trom the Blood and
Builds Up : the Entire
! -^Sjstsm. 1 ' "^
AN ASTONISfflNG; -PROOF OF BLOQD
CLEANSING AND RESTORATION TO .
. i 'COMPLETE HEALTH...
True health can only be maintained by
keeping: the body free of acid and slug-
gish blood and morbid waste matters. The
blood that Is pumped through the heart
to all parts of the body carries • nourish-
ment and health, or poison_ and the seeds
of death. . ;
Close confinement In badly, ventilated
offices, stores ; and workshops during the
winter months . has lowered the vitality
of tens of thousands, j Poisons and Impur-
ities have been implanted in the blood ;
these agents of death must be expelled
if health. would be maintained during the
coming summer.
The month of May should be renovating
and bulldlng-up time with the. vast army
of weak, debilitated, and broken down
men, women and young people. ; . ,- ,
If the work of purifying and vitalizing
the blood be longer deferred, eruptions,
blotches, sores, eczema, scrofula, erysip-
elas, and other dangers are sure to be
your, portion.
Paine's Celery- Compound meets suc-
cessfully at this season all unhealthy
conditions of the blood. It is the only
medicine that can guarantee perfect pur-
ification of the vital fluid; that can give
true nutriment to the nerves and tissues;
that can bestow new life, vigor, and
strength for the enjoyment of summer
and the prosecution of life's duties.
Mr. George Schmidt, 20 West Third St.,
Cincinnati, Ohio, briefly and forcibly
writes regarding his rescue from a slow
but sure death. He says:
"Since infancy. I have been bothered
with impure blood and nervousness. I
tried almost all known remedies and went
to many physicians, but nothing seemed
to do me any good until a druggist rec-
ommended Paine's Celery Compound. I
used this great medicine, and before I
had finished two I found relief.
I am now using ray - sixth bottle and
never felt better. in my. life. My nervous-
ness is all gone and my skin clearer than
ever 'it was."
niaimnri RvPQ color feathers and ribbons.
UlfllllJIIU UJB5 Easy . Excellent. Economical.
A Stunning Surprise
In perfect laundry work awaits the
; doubter whose package is sent home
I by us. i
J We employ expert help and perfect
I methods to produce work that's pleasing
to the most particular patron.
, No saw edges. ,
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
|ppij^||| ELECTRIC BELT
fflliT*JlAUl! 'V'f T j iMI#iEM Same ** others
sell at $15 and
V-^SS^^^^SS 1 - 1 *^ $20. Guaranteed
<$?«• genuine. Power -
r-CSfc ful current. Latest tm-
i ' %js Provemcnta. It cure*
•¦*mr . without medicine. Not
¦old by agents or druggists. - No discounts.
Free by mail on receipt of price. Circulars
tree. Ask for the "Dr. Aldra Electrla
Belt." Call : or address the PIERCB
ELECTRIC CO., 2O6 Post, st.. S. F.
COKE! COKE!"
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates,. Fur-
naces and Cooking.
There Is no fuel that will compare with coke
Delivered . In - any quantity. Country ord«r>
solicited. P. A. McDONALD. 8U Folsom st.
BAJ A CALI FORN I A
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ,- •• . ...
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic -for the Sexual Organs, 'for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for.Dlseases of the Kid-
neys and* Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE Agents
323 Market St.. S. F.— (Sedd for Circulars.)
/ RAILWAY. TBAVEL.
NORTH SHORE RAIlEadT^
. Via Sausalito I'erry,
Commencing April •& 1902
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
- AND SAN RAFAEL. VA1X>EY
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00.. »9:00. •10-00 11 -ik\
Trains marked- (•) run to San Qnentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANci«cn
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. *e:20. 7:40 8^5 4*ui
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. »3:30. 4U0. 8:30 14%
10:15 p. ' m. .. . ., • - . ... • ,"• "•
SUNDAYS— <J:0O,.»S:O0. 8:30 '* •11-00 a m
h^if&'^b ' 3:3 °- *^ •&>.«&
Trains marked <•) start from San Qtientln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO'
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. «:40 7-45 s^Sj oV«'
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:56. 5:ld s-Sff ?:t^
10:15 d. -m. •-.•->.. ...... • «— ". »-xu.
SUNDAYS— «:30, 7 :55 X 10:08. 1110 a. m'
12:15, 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. eToS. 7:15, %0™'6
V { / THROUGH TRAINS ¦
7:45; a. m.- week days— Cazadero and way
stations. i ¦ -
-.3:15 p. m. i Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. ....•,¦.- ' *
6 :15 p. ' m. week . days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations. «*pteuj
. 8:00. a. :m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
stations. -•¦..—.¦'"!"-¦ ¦ -. .
• 10^00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. .. i •-,.*
Sunder 1 «me day b ° at * * n<S t " llna wlU ron oa
Ho w to buy f u rn iture
and earpets
without ready
money
. : : ¦' - -o— — — — — "' .'', '•'".. — — —^— — -
-. ";..' "We vvill loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest— six per cent. And you can pay us
back little by little in iinfelt amounts. . Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
. .j we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
:; . big and fresh and where-^satisfaction is certain, and
when you have made your selection you can pay your
4)ill in full with good, har'd cash. • • '
•; . Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
. '.'¦'. ... arid being compelled to select your goods from smaller
! and inferior, stocks? -
,'. .' The installment stores /charge' you ten per .cent
: above", their cash prices when you ask for. long credit.
. t All you pay us is six per. cent: . .
For, example: If your purchases amount to $100.00
we will charge you $106.00— which* is a six per cent
advance; . then you pay us $20.66 cash and the balance
• : in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
. ." If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79.50;- you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
: and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 per
You save . four per cent, j You have the great privi-
• ? . lege of buying in a* first-class ' store, and yet you get
all the advantages.of the easy payment plan as offered
- • V by the installment houses! , 1 -
No amount, of, money is too' small for us to loahl
',: Worth looking into, don't you think?.
.-¦¦¦.¦ — Q ¦ . .*~"~ **~* _ . . , . . '*
-< \ 'ft''- ¦ lj ' C 1 - .114«T«»i« C f*
uOVlUt OVllIVali C^ CO.,
R" •.-.-; (REMOVED TO) ; ;-\-' '
Room 1403 "CaU'r Building,
TcL Jolin 2336. . Corner Market; and TTiird,Sts.
BATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(Mf ¦« T^> 1 TKoot_uf_M»rket Street )
V.«at« — — f«om -Ayti. adT 19Q3- — >»»*?»
" JT-OOa Benlcla, Sulsun, Elintra and Sacr* g
7.00a Vac»Tllle,*wm'ter*. Ruinsey........ 7-56»
h zol Martinei. San lUmon. Yaliejo.
' * Nap.. Collstoga. Santa I"*...-... 6*5*
SOOa DavKWoodlnnd. KnlKhts Landing.
Slorysvlll*. Orovllle. ............. 7 55»
8.00a Atlantic Expres—ORden and hast. 8.25*
8 00a M]es.Lat»rop.Stockwn... i ..... ; . 7.25*
Bed Bluff, Portland ...••• /.5B»
8-30* 6an Jo>e. Llvennore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Plac«nUle. „
JlarygTille. Ghlco. Red Bluff 425»
8.30a OaKd»le.Chlnese,Sonora.Tuolumne 4-25*
• m. ValleJo • M-Hr
iXOi Loi ingele. Eiprr.s-Marttnej.
¦•*"** Tr.cr.Lathrop,Stoelcton.Merced.
Raymond, Tresno and Lo»AnK«lcs 8.25a.
9 30a ValleJo. JIartlnez anrt Way Stations 7.|5»
t10.00A H.yw.rd. KUes and Way Swtlons.112.5oF
10.00a The 3 Overland Limited - Ocden.
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. ?,§•?,§*
ti .00* 6acramento Klver SteameTS til -OOr
S-00* Benlda, /Winters. Sacramento, .:¦;
IFoodland. Knights L.ndJng.
SIsryiTlll*-, Oro-rHle '2?I A
J.30f Hayward. Slles and Wjy Stations.. 7 66*
4.00P Martlnez.San Kamon.^ allcJo.JJapa.
Caltrtoga. Santa Ko»a ;••;;;••. Alti
400r Xtlea, Llvrnnore. Stockton, Lodl.. IZ-Zgr
4.30r Mayward.Sllea.SanJoae.LlTennare.t8.6aA
4 JO* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Bakersfleld, Sausus for SanU
Barbara, Loa Anselca......... — ."Sr*
6.00* PortCosta,Tracy,Lnthror».Stockt9n 1025a
B00* Martinei. Antloch. Stockton. Her-
ced, Raymond. Fresno '4i2 p
t5.JP* Nile. Local 7.2SA
6.00* Hayward.Nllcs and San Jose....... 7.65a
tS.OOr ValleJo .- -. ll-ZOA
- 8.00* Oriental Malt— Osden. Denver. ,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 425*
74)0* San Pablo. Port Costa, Slartlne*
and Way Stations : - 11-fl A
t7.00* ValleJo ••••• 7-55*
B-OSr Oregon * California Express-Sac-
ramento. Marysville, Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and Eaat. 855a
H.IQy.HayirardandKnea fl1.55A
* COAST LINE Harrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ,
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion .- J8.06>
8.16a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creefe. Santa
. Crna and "Way Stations 6 Bttr
t2.15* Newark. Centeirllle. San Jose,
Xew Ahnaden. Felten. Boulder
, Creek. Ssnta Crux and Principal
' .;¦; -- '- . Way Stailuns - •2 - 5S A
4.15* Kewark, San Jose, Los Oatos tS-SOA
M.1S* San Jose, Los Qatos. Banta Crai... eSSOA
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot or M*rket St. (Slip 8)
— r>:» »:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 *•*•
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway— +«:<X> J8:0»
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2.C0 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Ga»«e).
< Third ana Townsend 8treeta.)
6.10a ban Joae and Way Station 6.40a
t7C0A San Jose and Way Stations..... ... t8.00A
7.00a Xew Alnjaden •^ilxT
{7.15a Monterey Excursion 18-30*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gl'.roy, Salinas, San Luis Obtspo. -
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45*
9.00a San Jose. Trea Plnos, Santa Crus.
Pacific Grove. Salinas, San Luis
Obtxpo and Principal Intermedi-
ate stations 4-10>
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
a1.30* 8an Jose and Way Stations... <i7.00r
t2.45r San Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose.
Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz. Snllnas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacine
Grove t1 0.45a
3.30* San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove.
Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30*
t4.15r San Jose and PrinclpalWay Stations 530?
t6-00* San Jos*. Los Gatos and Principal
War Stations. t9-0OA
5-30* San Jose and PrinclpalWay Stations 6-30*
6-30* 8aa Jose and Way Stations 7.3C*
7.00* Xew Orleans Express — San Luis
Obtjpo, Hanta ISarharn. Los An-
gelrs. Hemtnjr. El* Pauo, Xew
Orleans and I-.nsr 10. 30a
qft.45r San Joey an<l Way Stations.... ....
A for Morn! njt. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepteU. \ Sunday only.
m Saturday only. ¦ N . w Monday only.
* Saturday and . /Tuesday and Friday.
• joilai/ n'nlr.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry D»pot
! Local Lim'd Ovrld Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
•Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8-00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:43 a 11:10 p 1:13 p
•¦ Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a »:11 9
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:3O p
•• Hanfbrd. 3:12 p| 3:27 p. 8:85 a ......
••.Vlsa.Ua.. .3:39p|.. j 3:00 a v -.«.'
"Bakerafld «:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a.......
"Kan. City ...:... 2:40a -7:3O»
"Chicago. 2:15p 9:00 p.......
a for morning, p-for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local flrst-clasa passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland. Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Off.oes — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NOHTDWESTEBN RT. COL
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AM NORU PACIF13
RAILWAY CO MPAXT. •
Tibnrou Ferry, Coot ot Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 0. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 cm. ¦
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:&0, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
' 12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra '
"trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS — 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦
Leave ' I In^Effect I Arrive *
San Francisco. |Apr. 23, 19011 San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Wtek
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 0:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5 :10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:36pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Wlndacr, 10:23am
B :00pm Healdsburg. 10 :40am
Lytton.
Oyservtlle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am S:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am j lO:4O&mll0:23am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:Q0pm , j 6:20pm
7:3Cam 8:00am Sonoma 9:13amt 8 :40am
and '
B :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm| 6:20pm
I : l°^ m l § : S$? m l ]10:40am|10:25am
8 :30pm I 5:00pm| Sebastopol. ( 7 :33pm I- 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprlngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Sprtngs- at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. . Kelseyvllle Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. -Porno. Potter Valler
John Day's. Riverside, Herley"s. Bucknell'a!
Sanhedrln Heighis. Hullville. Orr's Hot SprtmrsL
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport uial
Wllllts. Laytonville. Cummins. . BeirsSorlnzal
Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates j •
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates i*>u"w>
Ticket ofrce. 630 Market street. Chronicle)
Duilaing.
H-C-^HrnNO. R. X.RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. 'Agt.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«aye Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
K ISi* "•¦*»*»«.^^ Sun- W«k
l : t5p" 9^00 1" P^-.-— "»-.!— «rao 12:lop. 9.15a.
. U:30 a. *-«-^~*'>^»«Jt. f:™ I- 565 p-
.....™. 1:30 p! «t»kh or tiwipw- 15g I- •:¦-
...:...:. a:30p. o>-«»»b»y«ri»a«<. 9.^ £ r^
thkrt Otttw. en MAMtT 8TRMT »t $ACTAUTO RKaT.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
[ 62S> KK.%.n>Y ST. Established
lln 1S34 for the treatment of Private
I Di»ea»es. r.i»»t Hantiond. Debility or
lg'«fasf wearing on hody and minrt and
fl»k In. Diseases. The doctor cores when
¦others fai». - Try htm. ('barge* low.
„ ¦<-»r»« raaritnt«^4l. CullorwrtWk
***' ¦*• *• «IBBOX. Hsu FrancJaro. CaL
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
To Sleep Well
get your stomach and liver .
acting right. The easiest,
quickest and safest way to
do it "is to use
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c anil 25e.
Quickly Cured at Home— Any Lady Can
Do it— Costs Nothing to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which can be siren In tea.
coffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C.T. U. and all
temperance workers. It doe* Its work so ellpctly and
earely th»t while the devoted wife, sister or daughter
looks on, the drunkard is reclaimed even apatnet his will
and without hi « knowledge. Send your name and addren
to Dr. J. W. Haines, SS4* Glenn Bid*., Cincinnati, O.. and
he wilt mail a trial package ot Golden Specific free to
tho w bow easily it to to cure drunkards with Ibis remedy.
FuU-t!zed boxes of Golden Specific are for
cale in Can Franci&co by J. R. GATES & CO.,
417 Fanrome st.
a w&3 ' liaaBi S3 &| K« J5
¦ : '\' J :' : ADVERTISEMENTS. .. J ... " '¦¦-'
I \ TUB TRUTHS. ;
WM/)h DROP of ink will color a whole glass
yftM/ of water. It is an inch of yeast which
' llpy makes a pan of bread rise, and a single
F^ri cake of soap containing unabsorbecj
alkali can ruin a hundred times its cost in laces
and fine embroidery. After all, is it wise to take
such risks with common soap ? Of course you
can get along without Ivory Soap. So can a
wagon without axle grease — but it goes hard.
' COttftlQHT IUI »I TMt mOCTER A «MMIC SO. CIMIIIUTI- I>KG BROKEN BY A FALL,.— Pat»Dunn, re
siding at 286 Shipley street, fell - from a car
at the I crossing of Third and Townsend streets
yesterday and had his right leg broken."
FRESNO,' April 30.— Joseph Howard, a pho
tographer, found «ruilty of | indiscreet acts and
of, permitting his establishment ; to be the ren
dezvous, for callow youths and wayward girls'
was sentenced by Judge ' Austin :. to ; imprison
ment in San Quentln for thirty years. : -
Mr. Herbert Williams; tenor, will be" the
soloist at Sherman, ; Clay. & Co.'s.Angelus
Piano Recital, : occurring next Saturday
afternoon at their hall. . Tickets free upon
application *at'> their store.' ¦ ¦ -, " •
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort.:, "The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JATW. ADAMS.-
P. C. P. A.. 87. Crocker building,: San Fran
cleco. Cal. -¦ •; ' '.• • ; ¦ ''••>.-, ¦'¦¦¦•.¦- ¦¦¦¦
St. Andrew's Picnic
EL Andrew's Society of San Francisco
will hold its thirty-ninth annual picnic
and reunion at Fairfax Park on Saturday,
May, 3. A large number of gate and game
prizes are offered by the different com
mittees, and the affair promises to be one
of the most successful ever given by the
eoelety.
Carmen's Wages Advanced.
SAN* JOSE, April 3.— The employes of
the San Jose Railroad Company have been
granted an advance in wages. The re
quest was made by the men. yesterday
morning and Manager Barker immediate
ly conferred with his principals, the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society in San
Francisco, and at night announced that
the request had been granted. The ad
vance gives the employes of the road the
highest wages ever paid to street carmen
In this city. It means an increase of $7 50
a month for "swing" men, who work at
night, and $4 65 for men on the regular
runs. This is the third raise the company
has given its employes during the past
three years.
PITTSBURG, April 30.— The May day
strike fever is on in this city, and in the
morning nearly 12,000 workmen will | fail
to report for duty because their employers
have refused, to comply wlth» their de
mands for advances in wages and short
ening of hours, the principal demand of all
the unions being for an eight-hour day.
Those who will strike to-morrow are the
structural iron workers, numbering 2300;
carpenters,. 5000; house wire men, 250; tile
setters, 200; slate, and tile roofers,. 300;
sheet metal workers, 300; plumbers (prob
ably), 650; bricklayers. 2000; lathers, 300.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., April 30.— An un
looked-for development in the affairs of
the American ' Woolen Company, in con
nection with . the strike of weavers, in
thirteen of Its mills, came to-day when
an ' order was issued to gradually close
the yarn-making departments in the Ol
neyville mills. : Over 1200 hands will be
paid off. .The closing of . a number of
mills of j other, cities, has stopped the de
mand for yarns. It is estimated that this
strike at present affects 20,000 persons.
E All CLAIRE, Wis., April' 30.— W. H.
Hamilton of Watertown, N. Y., an or
ganizer for the United Brotherhood of
Paper-makers, who • has been working
here and elsewhere in the State, was ar
rested here to-night on a warrant charg
ing conspiracy, to compel the Dells Paper
and Pulp Company of Eau Claire to close
down. Its mill every Saturday night, and
to "cause a strike- and otherwise injure
the business of the company. - .- . •
NEW YORK, April 30.-After spending
two days in endeavoring to arrive at a
settlement of their differences, the oper
ators and representatives of the United
Mine Workers of ,. America, who were
brought" together by the officers of the
National Civic Federation, have again re
ferred their "troubles to the committee on
conciliation of that body. When the com
mittee will meet for the purpose of taking
the matter up had not up to a late hour
to-night been definitely settled, but the
probability, Is • that | the meeting will take
place either Friday or Saturday of the
present- week. - ~i" ¦ ¦'.
Every opportunity to obtain information
from : those who have taken part in the
conference proved futile. ¦ The operators,"
however, seemed in a happy frame of
mind. Nor did the. miners seem in any
degree '; downcast, and the consensus of
opinion among outsiders was that some
progress | had • been made toward an ami
cable settlement, v
BUFFALO, April 30.— Two thousand car
penters and 500 plumbers employed In this
city . will r.strike to-morrow, for more
wages. The carpenters demand 37% cents
an hour. : They now get 30 cents. The
plnmbers want an advance from $3 to
$3 50 per day.^ ,
PATERSON. N.VJ.; April 30.— Between
500 and 600 carpenters went on strike here
to-day. To-morrow the electrical -work
ers and hodcarriera are expected to strike
The. striking carpenters demand 37»,4 cents
an hour for. an eight-hour day, and a Sat
urday half ' holiday. - ;
I CHICAGO, April 30.— Seven hundred em
ployes of Morgan & Wright, manufactur
ers of bicycle tires, went, on strike to-day
to compel " the ' reinstatement of , fellow
workmen > who, . it 13 alleged, were dis
charged for joining .a. labor union. One
hundred .of. the strikers are girls.
The decision of the executive body of
the Republican State Committee in favor
of giving to the rank and file of the party
tha fullest and fairest opportunity to be
represented in the nominating convention
meets with general commendation. The
machine had already made arrangements
for the appointment of Gage delegations
In Humboldt, Tuolumne, Calaveras" and
other counties. Hender was counted on
to deliver Tuolumne County to Herrin,
Burns and Gage. The boast was openly
made, that -Bull', would bring down the
Humboldt delegation to be used as the
bosses should desire. The bosses in their
desperation may attempt to set aside the
recommendations of the executive com
mittee and force the general committee to
a recognition of the machine method of
appointment.
The Governor is enlarging his gold-brick
yard to embrace the reward industry. Not
satisfied with the offer of glided packages
to the army of job chasers, he. is going
still further and promising rewards which
the law does not authorize . him to offer
and which he cannot legally pay from tho
State funds.
Section 1547 of the Penal Code gives the
Governor this authority:
The Governor may offer a reward, not ex
ceeding $1000, payable out of the general fund,
for the apprehension:
First — Of any convict who has escaped from
the State Prison; or ; .
Second— Of any person who has committed
or Is charged with the commission of an offense
punishable with death.
Another section of the code extends in
this wise the reward offering power: \
Section 1. The Governor shall offer a stand
ing reward of three hundred dollars ($300) for
the arrest of each person engaged In the rob
bery of or in an attempt to rob any person
or persons upon, or having; in charge, in whole
or In part, any stage coach, wagon, railroad
train or other conveyance engaged at the time
In carrying passengers, or any private convey
ance within this State, the reward to be paid
to the person or persons making the arrest Im
mediately upon the conviction of the person or
persons- so arrested ; but no reward shall be
paid except after such conviction.
On his own personal account the Gov
ernor may offer a reward of one million
dollars for the arrest and conviction of
thugs, but he cannot authorize to pay., a
dollar of the 'public money -for such pur
pose. His latest reward of $500 is offered,
not by virtue of authority vested in him
by the' constitution and laws, but by his
irresistible and uncontrollable impulse to
pass out a gold brick on every occasion.
If. Gage desires to shine as a captain of
reward industry," let him increase the
amount offered for the apprehension of
the "man who struck Billy Patterson."
Other mysteries might be solved by the
prudent Investment of money in rewards.
The world has long - desired to know
"where Moses was when the lights went
out." Here is a field for Gage to fill. Let
him offer a reward of $500 to ascertain the
whereabouts of Moses. While on the sub
ject of rewards Gage might offer a bonus
of one thousand dollars for the arrest and
conviction of the person or persons who
put' the gubernatorial . bee in Eugene
Schmitz's bonnet.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
overlooked the . request made by ship
owners representing more than 500 vessels
to reappofnt George H. S. Dry den to the
office of assistant chief wharfinger. Dry
den's term expired a few weeks ago. ¦ The
board yesterday, . on the motion of Com
missioner Mackenzie, appointed J. G. Tyr
rell as Dryden's successor. As wharfinger
and assistant chief, Dryden has rendered
the State eight years of faithful service.
He thoroughly understood the require
ments of his office and is held ' In high
esteem by .the shipping community, the
leading members- of which made an urgent
request to the board for his retention.
This request waa Ignored, however, ' and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 30.— At present
there is great activity in labor circles in"
Sacramento, and several organizations
have taken steps to obtain increased
wages. To-day a committee from the
employes of the streetcar lines of the
Sacramento Gas, .Electric and Railway
Company held a conference with Man
ager Albert Gallatln, looking to a read
justment of the wage schedule. The best
of feeling .prevailed, and the men express
the belief that they will obtain all ' they
desire without resort to an ultimatum.
The committee received with favor a
proposal from the company and will re
fer, it to the carmen for their action. ." It
provides that all men In the company's
service less than two years shall be paid
21 cents an hour; those employed from
two to five years, 22 cents; five to eight
years 23 cents; eight years and over, 24
cents, i. As near, as possible, the • figuring
contemplates a ten-hour day. The com
pany has always supplied passes over its
lines to the families of its employes and
the men are paid .every night.
All of the members of the Journeymen
Carpenters' Union < will demand $3 50 for
an eight-hour day to-morrow. Members
of the Builders' Association do not take
kindly to the demand, saying they have
many men working for $2 a day, who are
not sufficiently skilled to receive $3 50 a
day. The union insiste on the flat rate
however, and trouble is looked for.
To-morrow -the. local Horseshoers'
Union will Insist on compliance with its
demand, notice , of which was served
three weeks ago, for $3 a day for floor
men and $3 50 for firemen, instead of $2 50
and $3, as -heretofore. It is expected that
the employers will pay the increased
rate. ¦
A disagreement is declared to" have
arisen between the Sub-Contractors'- As
sociation and the union painters and
grainers, growing out of the latter doing
work for sub-contractors not members of
the association. It is said that the dif
ficulty will be settled by arbitration.
The owners of small express wagons
have formed a union and applied to the
Federated Trades ; Council for a charter
The Stable Employes' Protective Union
has been organized, with sixty members
Carpenters May Strike.
LrOS ANGELES,, April 30.— Union car
penters may strike to-morrow if their de
mand for $3 50 a day be not complied
with. 'Contractors were Informed of the
proposed requests two weeks ago C J
Kilbach Is of the opinion the- union's de
mand will be complied with generally
although J.'W. Morrison, who is 'con
structing a large hotel, says he will not
accede. • , - •
State Senator J. G. Tyrrell, formerly a
deputy at the Morgue and at present em
ployed in the internal revenue office will
to-day assume I the . responsible duties of
the office. : The board also accepted the
resignation of Wharfinger C. W. Freese
and appointed In his stead J. c. Thomn
son of Humboldt County. :. mp
A man whose identity has not been
eJ-tablished threw himself in front of a
Howard-street electric car at Thirteenth
etreet shortly after midnight this morn
ing and was horribly mangled, death
coming to him instantly.
The suicide was seen by Robert Lutge,
8111 Twenty-fourth street, and F. Krag
ewski. 2S64 Twenty-third street, to run
from the northeast corner of the intersec
tion in a crouching position and hurl him
self on the track.
The remains were taken to the Morgue,
where it was found they were clothed In a
new suit made by Rosenblum & Abraham
1103 Market street.
There was a gold shield on the vest
bearing the initials "E. G. S..". and at
tached to this was a gold bar with the
letters "M. D. B."
The deceased was about 25 vears of
ege, of ISO pounds weight, and five feet
ten Inches in height. He had dark brown
hair, gray eyes and a reddish mustache.
Numerous Unions Take
Steps to Increase
Their Wages.-
Offers a Large Reward
Which the Law Does
Not Authorize.
Labor Troubles Increase
in Many Eastern
Cities.
Unidentified Man Is Man
gled to Death on
Howard Street.
SIGNAL SOUNDS
FOR STRIKERS
CAPITAL LABOR
CIRCLES ACTIVE
HURLS HIMSELF
IN FRONT OF CAR
Auditor Baehr Charges
School Board With
Duplicity.
The Auditor further says that the only
way to erect schoolhouses Is by bond is
sue, because it cannot be done under the
dollar limit. In 1901-1902 the sum of
$1,368,707 57 was allowed the department
For 1302-1903 the Auditor recommends
$1,200,000. besides an additional $80,000 for
permanent improvements. In the July set
tlement with the State the School De
partment will receive $90,000, or a grand
total of $1,370,000— an excess over last year
of $1292 43. - -• - -¦
Had the School Directors and their staff of
-assistants furnished me with correct data and
scrutinized my -estimate all: these bickerings
could be avoided. The fact of the matter is
that they would have me accept their stuffed
and false figures so that the department would
realize an amount In excess of the charter pro
visions. I will not accuse them of willfully
falsifying- their records, but I will say that It
is a matte? of "rank incompetency on the part
of the members of the Board of Education In
allowing such data to leave their office. It
has been no desire of mine to antagonize the
members of the School Department, but on the
contrary it has been my aim to encourage every
movement whereby they may be benefited.
Under these latter figures the depart
ment would be entitled to $1,200,000, as
recommended by the Auditor. Baehr says
the records were mutilated in a number
of instances. Baehr's statement continues:
Auditor Baehr Issued a statement yes
terday In reply to the criticism made by
the Board of Education regarding his
estimate of the requirements of the de
partment for the next fiscal year. Baehr
denies the charge that he has been in
strumental in crippling the School Depart
ment, and says he has allowed the maxi
mum limit permitted by law. Baehr
charges that the figures on enrollment
and daily average attendance of pupils
have been falsified by the attaches of the
Board of Education. The statement fur
nished by the board originally showed the
attendance in schools in 1900-1901 to be
86,162 and enrollment 49,978. The figures re
turned by • the secretary of the board,
taken from the records, was only 34,158
for attendance and 42,000 for enrollment.
Baehr being doubtful of the correctness of
these figures had them experted, with the
result that he found 35,998 for attendance
and 42,788 for enrollment. ....:.• . .:_.
GAGE TENDERS
GILDED BRICKS
SAYS FIGURES
WERE DOCTORED
ATHLETES OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO WILL DEPART AT AN EARLY. HOUR THIS MORN
ING FOR THE EAST. WHERE THEY WILL COMPETE ON TRACK AND FIELD WITH PICKED TEAMS
FROM THE LEADING UNIVERSITIES OF THE UNITED . STATES.
Woman. Jumps From Train.
Emily Maloney, a half-breed Indian,
appeared before Judge Mosan yesterday
jon a charge of vagrancy. She was ar
"rested on the Barbary Coast Tuesday
evening. It was discovered after her ar
rest that the woman, while being convey
ed by an ofHcer from Vallejo to Fairfleld
Soiano County, where she was wanted en
a misdemeanor, jumped from the train
and escaped. She came to the city and
made her way to the Barbary Coast. The
Judge ordered her into custody to await
the arrival of an officer from Vallejo.
Eastern Connoisseurs
Eagerly Seek Their .
Canvases, j
Amedee Joullin Is industriously work
ing on the decorative panel ¦ which is to
adorn the capitol building at Helena, Mon
tana. The canvas is fifteen feet by eight
feet and the subject is "The driving of
the golden spike- of the Northern Pacific
Railway by General Grant." The :cere
mony took place in 1883 In the presence of
the late Henry Villard, Senator Evarts
and many army officers, Indians, cowboys
and even desperados who came in hot
haste from the surrounding mountains
and country to witness the binding of the
West and the East by ties of steel. Joul
lin depicts the characters as they, were
described at the time and his Indians in
their blankets and gaudy trappings will
lend color and character to the work.
He gives a remarkable picture of the
great and -beloved. soldier-President, Gen
eral Grant. The panel will not be com
pleted for several months.
Peters has just sold his painting, "A
House of Mystery," which won so many
admirers, to. Thorndyke Parker for tho
sum of $2500.' ' -. ¦ • • - . - ¦
Peck's picture of President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler is to be sent to the subject
this week and the painting of Dr. Martin
Kellogg, which the public had a chance
to view lately, will be placed on the walls
of the library of the . University of Cali
fornia in the course of a few days.
Charles Dickman is looking forward to
his summer retreat in beautiful Monterey.
He will be in close proximity to Charles
R. Peters, who enthusiastically believes
the artists' colony at Monterey will be
come as great in importance to the art
ists of the United States as are the colo
nies of the English and American artist3
In rural St. Ives and Broadstairs, Eng
land. . •
Grrin Peck, who is' looking toward a
summer trot through England, France
and Germany, is completing a picture of
Charles Stetson Wheeler. The likeness
of the Regent of the University of Cali
fornia is striking in its naturalness.
Peck's picture of Wheeler, will be a
companion painting to the very admirable
picture that he painted of Mrs. Wheeler
and which was seen on exhibition at the
Bohemian Club and the spring exhibition
at the Hopkins Art Institute. Another
picture in course of development by the
artist is that of Mrs. Elizabeth Brice.
which promises to be a masterpiece of
portrait painting.
Artists of the city were never so busy
as they are this spring. A visit to the
many studios gives one an idea of the ex
cellence of the work done and in course
of pompletion, and also shows the inclina
tion of visitors to San Francisco to pat
ronize the painters of California. That
the California artist ' is in demand 13
shown by the orders given arid the sales
that have been made this year to East
ern people.-
OAKLAND,. April 30.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued ' to-day to George A.. In
nes, aged 26, and Mabel Dodge. 21, both of
Alameda; George W. Eade, 34,' and Mrs.
Julia Yost, 24, both of San Francisco-
William Oliver, 42, Stockton, and May Pat
terson, it, San Francisco; Oscar C. Lee
26, Oakland, and Bertha S. -Farmer, ,21
Seattle; Samuel M. Dana,. 25,. and Tita I*
Dana, over 18, both of Nipomo, San Luis
Oblspo; Nels Olsen, 24. and Louisa Heck
man, 22, both of Oakland; Samuel C
Bennetts, over 21, and Catherine Stewart"
over IS, both of Oakland; Benjamin rI
Larkin, 24, and Amelia L. Tlsch, 23, both
of. Oakland; J. Clifford Pitcher, 23, San
Francisco, and Bessie Kimball, 19, Oak
land. . : \Y. ' •
licensed to Marry.
PORTLAND — Arrived Asril ¦ 30 — Stmr
Lakrne, from San Francisco: stmr George W
Elder.' from San Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed April 30 — Stmr Charles
Nelson, for: San Francisco. - "
OCEAN : STEAMER.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 30— Stmr St
Paul,, from New Tork.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
J. A. ' Wilcox, a new man on the field,
will enter the pole vault contest. While
his record of 10 feet 10% inches will not
win, he is constantly Improving and may
be able to make a showing at some of the-
Eastern meets. He Is a sophomore and
still has two years in which to make a
record for himself. \
Francis Redewill will run In the mlla.
His record of 4:35 is not a winning pace,
but should be good for some points In
most of the meets.
S. A. Tibbetts is another new man on
the field. His event i3 the two-mile run,
and his record of 10:25 was made without
being pressed. He is expected to prove a
strong man in the East.
Edward Topham of the medical depart
ment will enter in the 440-yard dash and
the broad jump. In the former event Cali
fornia Is particularly weak and does not
expect points from it.
Trainer Walter Christie and Graduate
Manager E. ~W. Decoto will accompany
the athletes.
The first meet will be with Yale on May
10, the second with Pennsylvania on May
17, the third with Princeton on May 24
and on May 30 and 31 the Mott Haven
games -will be entered.
Earl-Jarvis Wedding.
LOS ANGELES, April 30.— Edwin T.
Earl of this city, president of the Earl
Fruit Company, and Miss Emily Jarvla.
daughter of Joshua Jarvls of Louisville,
Ky., were married to-day at the home of
Dr. and Mrs. West Hughes, brother-in
law and sister of the bride. Rev. George
Thomas Dowling, rector of Cnrist Epis
copal Church, officiated. Immediately
after the breakfast, which followed the
ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Earl left for
Kentucky, and later they will sail for
Europe, where they expect to spend the
summer, returning to Los Angeles in the
autumn. .
- ' *': ¦ t
era meets. Cadogan belongs to the Kap
pa Alpha fraternity and the Winged Hel
met Society and is vice president of the
Associated Students. Abadie is a member
of the Sigma Nu fraternity.
R. R. Service holds the coast record of
1:56 3-5 in the half mile. This event is his
specialty, and much is expected of him.
He may. also enter the mile, in which he
holds the coast intercollegiate record of
4:32 4-5. Service is an active .worker in
.the college Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation and is a member of the Alpha Psl
fraternity and the Winged Helmet and
Golden Bear societies. ,
CHEEK A COMING ATHXETE.
W. A. Powell and Herbert C. Cheek will
enter in the hurdles and the high jump.
Both do the high hurdles close to 16 sec
onds, and Powell has a record of 25 2-5
seconds in the low hurdles. Cheek Is the
tallest man In the team and stands 6 feet
4 inches. He Is only in his second year
at college and is one of the coming ath
letes of the State institution. He is a
member of the Delta Upsilon fraternity.
Powell also belongs to the Delta Upsilon
fraternity and is a member of the Wing
ed Hemet and Golden Bear societies.
LOCAL ARTIST
ARE KEPT BUSY
who go East. His specialty is the broad
jump, and he holds a practice record of
22 feet 10i£ Inches. This distance should
be good for points in most events he will
enter. Hussey Is a member of the Kappa
Alpha fraternity and the Skull and Keys
and Golden Bear societies.
PLAW A FIKST-PLACE MAN.
A. D. Plaw, the. hammer-thrower, is
looked upon as a first-place man in every
meet. He holds the American intercolle
giate record of 154 feet 4% inches, made
at the Mott Haven games In 1900, and at
Philadelphia in the same year he threw
the hammer 165 feet 9 inches. In practice
he has thrown 1S7 feet 4 Inches, thus
breaking the world's record. He should
score in the shotput. Plaw is a member
of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity and
of the Skull and Keys and Theta Nu Ep
silon societies.
Anthony Cadogan and E. R. Abadie will
represent California in the sprints. Both
have records of :10 flat - in the 100-yard
dash. Cadogan strained a muscle in his
leg a few weeks ago, which has bothered
him a great deal. It is improving rapidly
but may be disastrous to him in the East-
BERKELEY, April 30.— To-morrow
morning: eleven University of
California athletes will depart
for the East, where they will
compete on track and field with
m«n from the leading universities of this
country. Their hopes are high in antici
pation of victories at the close of hard
fought battles. Whatever the result of
the trip will be the. men have with them
the faith of the students' that they will
represent California well.
The athletes will be met at Berkeley
station at 7:45 o'clock by the college root
ers and given a farewell "rally" just prior
to their departure. They will leave the
Union depot in San Francisco at 9 o'clock
and go by the way of Arizona to Chicago,
thence to the Niagara Falls and through j
Albany to New Haven. They will reach
Chicago Sunday and New Haven on Mon
day. •'
Edward M. Hussey, captain of the Cali
fornia track team during the last year,
will act in the same capacity for the men
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA ATHLETES ARE ALL READY
FOR TRIP EAST AFTER GAINING LAURELS ON TRACK AND FIELD
THE , SANV FB AN CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
9
a a it /ps §£* m £» Are m many respects like other ulcers or
SB U ffm 0* &g J*& sores, and this resemblance often proves fatal.
Valuable time is lost in fruitless efforts to heal
the sore with washes and salves, because the germs of Cancer that are multi-
plying in the blood and the new Cancer cells which are constantly develop-
ing keep up the irritation and discharge, and at last sharp shooting pains
announce the approach of the eating and sloughing stage, and a hideous,
sickening cancerous sore begins its
destructive work. Ij i February, 1899, I noticed a small
No ulcer or sore can exist with- l™3?JZ a i?Zi 1 ?7^ v ' The doct " ca £-
. ,. . . . , .terizea it but another came and. broke
out some predisposing internal cause O ut into an open eore. I be*an to take
that has poisoned the blood, and the S. S. 8. and after I had taken seven bot-
open discharging ulcer, or the fester- " es the place healed entirely and no
.r . Z. * rt. !• \. 1 ii. si^ns of the disease have been seen
mg sore on the lip, cheek or other 8i £ ce . w . P . B rown, Hollands, s.c!
part of the body will continue to ¦;¦-•;
spread and eat deeper into the flesh unless the blood is purified and the
Cancer germs or morbid matter eliminated from the circulation.
S. S. S. cleanses the blood of all decaying effete matter. It has great
antidotal and purifying properties that soon destroy the germs and poisons
and restore the blood to its natural condition. And when, pure blood is
Si- carried to the ulcer or sore the healing process
/^*3 f<TN begins, the discharge ceases and the place heals
> V^^ over and new skin forms. S. S. S. is a strictly vege-
' hs3) table blood; purifier containing no mercury or
ir^ minerals of any description. ,
If you have an ulcer or chronic sore of any kind, write us about it, medi-
cal advice will cost you nothing. Books on Cancer and other diseases of
the blood will be sent free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
. ... . .._,__.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
April Was a
Big Month
The fireat Exhibition Sale
to Be Continued.
One Hundred and Fort j-Seven Fine New
Pianos, Besides Numerous Organs,
Sold by Pommer-Eilers Last Month.
Sale to Continue Until May 10.
The .month of April will go on record
as another big record' breaker In the his-
tory of San Francisco piano selling. la
spite of the fact that trade was virtual-
ly at a standstill during the days of
the street car strike, Pommer-Kilers
Music Company sold nearly a hundred
and fifty new pianos. On account of the
temporary interruption at that time, we
have decided to extend the exhibition sale
! of fine pianos for another week, or until
j the 10th pf May, at which time these
specially low wholesale prices will be dis-
continued. ... . ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ :
The most costly upright and grand
pianos ever displayed in San Francisco
are now to be seen at Pommer-Ellers
Music Company, among them the master-'
pieces of the great Kimball factories of
Chicago, the renowned Hazelton of New
York, the many-toned Crown orchestral,
the famous Doll, the Schumann, the
Steger. Singer, etc.
It Is not yet too late for you to secure
cne of these choicest upright cabinet
giand pianos, that were formerly sold by
other dealers for $650 and $700. You can
get them, now at Pommer-Ellers during
this sale - at a saving of over ¦ two hun-
dred dollars.
There are no finer or more costly pianos
in San Francisco than these.
The $325 Styles.Now $186.
Remember, too, that during this sale wa
will sell you a better and in every way.
more serviceable piano for $158 than can
be secured. ;elsewhere for even $250, and-
tcr $186, on payments of as ¦: little as Jt> a.
month-, if you like,: we . will sell you a
ir,ore . superior • and In every, way mora
desirable piano than any, old time, dealer*
in their slow -way can afford to let you
have for $323..- .'-': ¦ . r
Inquiries and orders by . mail . ; win . re- -
celve . our personal * and most careful at-
tention. - Send for large illustrated cata- ¦
logues free for the asking. Pommer- '
Eilers Music Company, largest and lead-
ing Western -dealers/ 853 Market street*"
opposite the Lotta fountain. 'TO ARRIVE.
UNFORTUNATE WOMAN WHO RE
CEIVED TWO TEARS 1 SENTENCE
YESTERDAY AT CAPE TOWN.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE — The high and low . waters occur . at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance - to . San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
- thorlty of the Superintendent. ;.;^.«»-^^''
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY, MAT 1.
Sun rises 5:14
Sun sets 7:00
Moon rises •. ..1:06 a. m.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
"Wednesday, April 30.
Etmr Rainier, Hansen. 92 hours from New
The French bark Reine Blanche was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 53,
751 ctl6 wheat, valued at $60,500, sjjd 21,000
feet of lumber as dunnage, valued at $315.
Wheat for Europe.
The British ship Ladakh Is chartered for
wheat from Tacoma. to Europe at 25s »d.
Tb« schooner Robert Searles will load lum
ber at Blakeley for Haiphong at 45s.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Ban Francisco No. 70, the bar lightship, yes
terday returned to her station outside the
Gcldcn Gate. ¦ .
Beturns to the Bar.
The rcte of reinsurance on the British ship
Hed Rock 'was yesterday advanced to 30 per
cent There were no other changes among the
overdues, the list ttill teicg «ignt strong.
Bed Bock Bate Bises.
Repairs to the revenue cutter Thetis have
been completed and either to-day or to-morrow
Captain Healy expects to start on his northern
cruise. The Thetis Is at present berthed at
Filbert-street wharf, where she took aboard
equipment for the Nome life-saving station yes
terday.
Thetis Heady for Sea.
The torpedo-boat destroyer Perry was out for
another trial yesterday and although she more
t ha- eatisfied both builders and the navy board
In charge of the trial, she will have to give
further demonstration of her powers before
Uncle Sam adopts her for his own. She left
the Union lion Works about 10 a. m. and re
turned at 1:30. She was run full speed most
of the time and more than fulfilled contract re
<ju!re.ments in every respect. She will have
her continuous trial in a few days. George
Dickie was on board for the Union Iron Works
and Captain George Harvey navigated the de
stroyer. * *' ' ¦;"¦
Perry Again on Trial.
The ship Star of Italy sailed yesterday for
Bristol Bay with 150 cannery hands and a hold
filled with supplies. The farewell exercises,
¦which made Fremont-street vharf hideous on
Tu*?sdav afternoon, were continued on board
the vessel after she pulled into the stream and
Cc.pta.in Webster and his officers were kept
buty through the night, quelling Incipient riots
and ratefci""""* U P broken heads. A number of
thts passengers tried to leave the ship yester
day morning, but were prevented by Captain
Webster, who managed to persuade them that
the contract they had signed with Jthe pack
ing company was a tie of binding Qualities.
Star of Italy Sails.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Doric will sail at 1 o'clock for
Honolulu and the Orient. She will carry
an exceptionally light cargo and about
forty passengers. Among the latter will
be C. A. Tomes, who is largely interested
in a Manila transportation corporation.
Mr. Tomes' destination is Hongkong,
•where he makes his headquarters. His
wile and family will accompany him.
There will be two brides among the
Doric's passengers. Captain G. D. Good
ard, who holds King Kdward's commis
sion as an officer of the Royal Marine
Engineers, will return to his station at
Hongkong with the bride he recently
married in England, and L Butnam of
Yokohama returns to the Orient with a
lately acquired wife. C. C. Cobbs of the
American Tobacco Company and M. H.
Irvine of the American Cigar Company
will be passengers on the liner.
The Pacific Mail steamship San Juan
will sail for Panama and way ports.
Since her last voyage the San Juan has
been thoroughly overhauled. Among the
passengers will be Colonel J. L. Murphy,
an attorney of this city, who goes to
Mazatlan to consummate a mining deal.
He is accompanied by W. F. Arbuckle, a
mining engineer. Miss M. Wyler, who
will be a passenger on the San Juan, goes
to Champerico. where her future husband
has a home waiting for her.
The Argyll will sail to-day for Panama
with a large cargo and a few passengers
for New York.
The Queen sails for Puget Sound, the
State of California for San Diego and
the G. C. Lindauer for Grays Harbor.
A large fleet of steamships bound In va
rious directions across the Pacific and
along- the coast north and south will leave
this port to-day. The Oceanic Steam
ship Company's liner Sonoma will sail at
7 this evening for Honolulu, Pago Pago,
New Zealand and Australia. She carries
the British-Australian mails, all the car
go her capacity will allow and & large
number of passengers.
Sonoma, Doric, Argyle i and
San Juan Among the Ves
sels to Depart •
Some Ships Go to South
Sea and Others to
the Orient.
LARGE FLEET
TO SAIL TO-DAY
Sentence of Woman Convicted of Forging
Cecil Rhodes' Signature. , .'r
PRI NCESS RADZI W ILL GETS
TWO YEARS' IMPRISONMENT
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' - Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
¦ April SO. 1002. .
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building V- as dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon, of the . 120th ¦ meridian, or, at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.' •
/ W. H. STANDLET. .
( . Lieutenant; U.S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time colutnn gives the Ia3t tide of the
day. except when there are but. three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then, the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. '. .
EUREKA — Arrived Aoril 30 — Brie Consuelo,
from Mahukona; echr J G Wall, hence April
24; atmr Ruth, hence April 28: stifir Eureka,
hence April 29. • , . . . "
Sailed April 30— Schr Eureka,", for San Fran
cisco; schr Azalea, for San Pedro; stmr Bruns-
ASTORIA— Arrived April 30— Stmr G*o W
Elder, hence April 28; stmr Lakme, hence
April 27.* ¦¦„ „ • -
TACOMA— Arrived April 3O— Stmr Cottage
City, from Alaska; stmr, City of Puebla, hence
April 26; schr W Nottingham, from Seattle.
Sailed ADril 30 — Br stmr Braemar. for
China; *tmr Cottage City, for Skagway, stmr
City of Puebla, for Puget Sound ports and San
Francisco. - • .
Arrived April 29 — Stmr Grace Dollar, ' hence
April 25. April 30— Stmr Chas Nelson, for
San Francisco. ¦ . ' ¦¦¦•
NEAH BAY— Passed out April 30— Br stmr
Victoria, for San Francisco; stmr Mackinaw,
for Ean Francisco: bark Tidal Wave, for San
Francisco. < ¦
Passed tn April 30 — Schr Ludlow, from San
Pedro, for Port Blakeley. ¦'¦.-• ¦ .
COOS BAY — Barbound April 29 — Stmr Em
pire.
Sailed April 30— Stmr Alliance, for San
Francisco. - • . " .•
UMPQUA— Sailed April 27— Schr Beulah, for
San Pedro. ;
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived April 30— Stmr
Santa Monica, hence April 28.' "
SOUTH BEND— Arrived J April 30— Stmr
Scotia, hence April 25.
PORT HADLOCK- -Arrived April 30— Stmr
Albion River, from Everett.
Sailed Aprll30— Bktn'J M Griffith, for Ean
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 30— Ger
etmr Neko, from Seattle. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
Sailed April 30 — Ger stmr Neko, . for San
Francisco. '
SEATTLE— Sailed April 29— Stmr Dolphin,
for Skagway; stmr City of, Seattle, for Skag
way. ,
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 30— Stmr« Del
Norte, Alcatraz and . Whitesboro, for San
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. April SO. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind SW,- velocity 12 miles per hour.
Wednesday, April 30.
Etmr Arcata, Kelson, Coob Bay. •
Stmr 'Sequoia, Winkle, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Corona, Swanson. San Pedro. "
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Gow, Seattle and Ta
coma.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Ship Star of Italy. Wester, Bristol Bay.
Lightship No 70. Keannelly, moorings.
Bark Mohican. Kelly, Honolulu.
Brig W G Irwin, Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen, Rogue River.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, Coos Bay.
Yacht Ramona, Nelson, . .-: — .
' TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
The Attorney General made a long ad
dress, in which he cautioned the jury
against being mystified by telegrams from
hair-brained individuals like William T.
Stead and others, and alleged incrimina
ting documents, which were merely the
"ordinary armament of a blackmailer."
Continuing, he said:
"Nothing could be more gross and
treacherous than, the prisoner's behavior
throughout." He appealed to the jury t.o
arrive at a verdict on the evidence which
would rid society, v temporarily, at least,
"of a cruel and dangerous woman." -.
During the address by the Attorney
General Princess Radziwill drummed an
grily on the desk with her fingers and
was continually engaged in writing notes
and tearing them up.
Counsel for the defense, in addressing
the jury, denied fraudulent intention on
the part of his client, and dwelt upon the
unrevealed mysteries behind the case.
He appealed to the jury on the ground
that nobody had suffered by the frauds
and said that a verdict of guilty would
be equivalent to hanging the Princess to
the nearest tree, for then every door In
Europe would in the future be closed on
her.
The Chief Justice, In summing up,
cautioned the jury to disregard the pris
oner's noble birth and antecedents and to
decide the case according to strict Justice.
The jury brought in a verdict of guilty
on all the counts against her.'
The Chief Justice then addressed the
prisoner impressively. He referred to her
birth, her education and her position In
society. Owing to her delicate health,
the Chief Justice said she would not have
to perform hard labor, but that-she would
be confined for two years In the House of
Correction or any other place the Gov
ernor was pleased to appoint.
The prisoner bowed her head and re
ceived her sentence calmly.
wick, for San Francisco: stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed April ' SO— Schr
Maria E Smith, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed April 80— Br
Bann, for Calcutta; bktn Gardiner City, for
Salinas Cruz; bktn J M Griffith, for San
Francjsco.
RBDONDO— Arrived April 30— Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Tacoma; stmr Despatch, from
Seattle.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived April SO— Etmr
"Newsboy, hence April 29.
COOKS INLET— In port April 14— Stmrs
Jennie, Salmo and Duxbury. , . v. '
UYAK — In port April 10 — Stmr Equator and
tujr Discovery.
CHIGNIK BAY— In port April 18— Bark J
D Peters and stmrs Afognak,. Thistle and
Francis Cutting. -
Arrived April 19— Bark Ferris 8 Thompson.
April 21— Stmr Newport, and sailed for Se
attle.
PORT KENYON— Sailed April 30— Stmr Ar
go, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
¦ ra ; N 2?^ CAS ' rl i E ' Aus— Arrived April 23— Schr
W F Garms, from Melbourne.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 29— Br shio
Scottish Isles, hence Dec 31 .--• .
ANTWERP— Sailed April 28— Br ship Bren
da, for San Francisco.
BRISBANE— Sailed April 24— Br stmr Mlo
wera,' for Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— Sailed April 26— Nor bark
Charlonuff, for Eureka.. ¦¦¦• . . ¦¦¦¦.,
BEACHY HEAD— Passe* Acril 29— Br ship
Glencona, from Hamburg, for San Francisco
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 30 — Ital ship F
S Ciamsa, hence Nov 11 ; Fr bark Genevieve
Molinos. hence Jan 10; Fr bark Grande Duch
esse Olga. from Oregon.
LIMERICK, • April 30— In Scattery Roads
Ger ship Slam, hence Dec 24.- ' v y-
LIVERPQOL— Arrived April 30— Br stmr
Ping Suey, from Tacoma.
VLADIVOSTOK — Arrived prior to April 30—
Br stmr Clevrlng, from Tacoma. . ¦ i
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 30— Br
Etmr Indravelli, from Oregon; Jap stmr Tosa
Maru, from Seattle. \
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April 30— Br stmr Cop
tic. • for San Francisco.
NAN AIMO— Sailed April 30— Stmr San Ma
teo, for San Francisco./ - • . •¦-¦- ,....,-
ANTWERP— Sailed April, 29— Danish ¦ ship
Copley, for Port Los Angeles and Portland.
VANCOUVER— Arrived . and sailed April 30
— Stmr City of Seattle, for Alaska; stmr.Dol
phin,' for Skagway. ; ."¦''*. " . .' '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Abrll .'* 30 — Stmr
Teutonic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded. ¦ . • . • ¦ ¦ . :-•
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 30— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York,' via Queenstown; ' stmr
Rhynland, from Philadelphia, for • Queenstown.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 30— Stmr Ma
jestic, -• from • Liverpool and Queenstown; : stmr
Georglc, . from Liverpool. - .-.-.¦ .
Sailed April 80— Stmr St L«uis, for South
ampton; stmr Laurentlan. ", for , Glasgow ;- stmr
CAPE TOWN, April 30.— Princess
Radzlwlll, who has been on trial
here before the Supreme Court on
the charge of forgery in connec
tion with notes, purporting to
have been Indorsed by the late Cecil
Rhodes, was sentenced to-day to two
years' confinement in the House of Cor
rection.
Whatcom.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tamsico, Reed, 11% days from Ka
hului.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 80 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 16 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, 8 . days 4 hour*
from Cliignik Bay. .. :
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 05 ij hours from
Portland, via Astoria 49 »i hours.
Etmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 20 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Scbr Winchester, Christiansen, 51 days from
Apia.
CLEARED.
' Wednesday, April 30.
Stmr Corona, Swanson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Diego; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Queen. Jepeen, Victoria; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Ship Spartan, Me Arthur, Whatcom; P B
Cornwall.
Fr bark Reine Blanche, Loreau, Queens town;
GSrvln & Eyre. - . .
THE SAN -FRANCISCO;^ CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902. .
Movements of Steamers.
Oceanic, for Liverpool; stmr Zeeland, for Ant
werp. V '.-uefiffeteffa^KftB*"'-'" -.: •¦¦-•¦.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived A»ril 30 — Stmr Stat
endam, from New York. ¦¦--¦¦
ST VINCENT. C V— Arrived April 30— Stmr
Neptune, from Seattle.*' :
10
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arctic.......
San Jose..... '
Alliance.....
Argo. ........
Empire. .... . j
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa..
Victoria
C. Nelson.'...
Nippon Maru.
Umatllla.;...
Euieka.
Mackinaw. ..
Phoenix. .....
Coos Bay....
Neko........
Mar. da lay.. . .
San Mateo...
Edith........
Slate of Cal. .
Q. XV. Elder..
Coronado ....
Leelanaw.
Pomona. .....
Alftmocla. . .'. :
City Puebla. .
Sonta Cruz..
Algt>a. .......
Hyades......
Newport.. ...
Guatemala...
Newburg .....
North Fork. .
Columbia....
Peru .. ...
Lakme. ......
Ventura. .....
Queen
Humboldt . ....May- 1
Panama & Way Ports.. May 1
Portland & Way Ports. May 1
Eel River Ports ....... May 1
Coos. Bay,*.;. ........... May 1
Point Arena ....... May 1
San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Comox .... May 2
Seattle • ¦ & Tacoma . . : . May 2
China & Japan May 2
Puget Sound Ports ..... May 2
Humboldt - May 2
Tacoma May, . 3
Mendocino City .. May 3
San Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
Seattle .. May 4
Coquille River May 4
Nanalmo •••'• May 4
Seattle '. May 5
San Diego & Way Ports. May 5
Portland & Astoria . May 5
San Pedro May, 5
New York via Panama. May • 5
Humboldt *. May 5
Honolulu ..:......... . . May 6
Puget Sound Ports May 7
Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Manila via: Moji May 8
Honolulu May , 8
Panama & Way Ports.. May 8
Valparaiso & Way Ports May I 9
Grays Harbor .......... May 9
Humboldt May 9
Portland & Astoria .... May 10
China & Japan ........ May 10
Portland & Astoria May 10
Sydney & Way Ports. .. May 12
Puget | Sound Porta I May 12
3. Lindauer
3an Juan. .
Krgo
5tato Cal.;
Sonoma....
Doric
Argyll
2ueen.....
F. Kimball.
San Pedro..
Uhehalis. ..
Alliance...
Santa Cruz
Pomona ....
I'air.plco. . .
Arctic
Pt. Arena. .
North Fork
Columbia..
Rainier
Eureka...'^
5. Rcca
Phoenix....
Australia. .
Steamer.
Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 1.
Grays Harbor ..... 3 pm Pier —
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Eel River Ports... 5 pm Pier 2,
San Diego & Way.. 9. am Pier 11
Sydney & Way Pts 7 pm Pier 7
China & Japan..,. 1 pm PMSS
N. Y. via • Panama. 2 pm Pier 16
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
May 2. (
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Humboldt ..... 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 10
Portland & Way Pts 5 pm Pier 1C
Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
May 3.
Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt .....;... 12 m Pier 2
Point Arena . . 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 2
• May 4. • . . •
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Tahiti direct '10 am Pier 7
May 5.
Golofnin , Bay-Teller Pier 16
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 6.
Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 7.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1
Seattle . & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coquille * River .... 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Panama •& Way... 12 m PMSS
May O.
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Hamburg & Way Pier —
Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
May 10.
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Honolulu 2 pm Pier J 7
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
May 11.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ' 0
Destination.
Bessie K...
Coronado. .
Wfestport . .
Coos Bay. .
Umatilla. ..
Arcata. . ...
C Nelson. .
Curacao...
Manclalay..
a. Elder...
San Jose...
Nip. Maru.
Neko
Rival
Bonlta .'.:..
Alameda. ..
Lee) ana w..
City Puebla
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. May 4
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 5
Chico Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 5
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Bertha. Cooks Jplet"& Way Pts. May 10
Al-Ki... '..... Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
3 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W . H W L, W • ' H W
1 0:00 8.1 5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 TilO
2 0:51 2.6 6:37 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:48
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24
4 2:35 1.4 8:50 4.4 2:2S 1.8 8:58
5 3:18 0.8 9:58 4.6 3:13 1.9 9:30
6 4:00 0.1 10:541 4.7 3:5S 2.110:10
7 4:48—0.4 11:40 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50
8 5:36|—0.7 12:44| 4.8 5:2S| 2.6|11:39
Ft.
4.3
6.0
5.1
5.3
5.5
5.7
B.8
5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Arctic.......
San Jose..... '
Alliance.....
Argo. ........
Empire. .... . j
Point Arena..
Santa Rosa..
Victoria
C. Nelson.'...
Nippon Maru.
Umatllla.;...
Euieka.
Mackinaw. ..
Phoenix. .....
Coos Bay....
Neko........
Mar. da lay.. . .
San Mateo...
Edith........
Slate of Cal. .
Q. XV. Elder..
Coronado ....
Leelanaw.
Pomona. .....
Alftmocla. . .'. :
City Puebla. .
Sonta Cruz..
Algt>a. .......
Hyades......
Newport.. ...
Guatemala...
Newburg .....
North Fork. .
Columbia....
Peru .. ...
Lakme. ......
Ventura. .....
Queen
Humboldt . ....May- 1
Panama & Way Ports.. May 1
Portland & Way Ports. May 1
Eel River Ports ....... May 1
Coos. Bay,*.;. ........... May 1
Point Arena ....... May 1
San Diego & Way Ports May 1
Comox .... May 2
Seattle • ¦ & Tacoma . . : . May 2
China & Japan May 2
Puget Sound Ports ..... May 2
Humboldt - May 2
Tacoma May, . 3
Mendocino City .. May 3
San Pedro & Way Ports. May 3
Seattle .. May 4
Coquille River May 4
Nanalmo •••'• May 4
Seattle '. May 5
San Diego & Way Ports. May 5
Portland & Astoria . May 5
San Pedro May, 5
New York via Panama. May • 5
Humboldt *. May 5
Honolulu ..:......... . . May 6
Puget Sound Ports May 7
Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Manila via: Moji May 8
Honolulu May , 8
Panama & Way Ports.. May 8
Valparaiso & Way Ports May I 9
Grays Harbor .......... May 9
Humboldt May 9
Portland & Astoria .... May 10
China & Japan ........ May 10
Portland & Astoria May 10
Sydney & Way Ports. .. May 12
Puget | Sound Porta I May 12
3. Lindauer
3an Juan. .
Krgo
5tato Cal.;
Sonoma....
Doric
Argyll
2ueen.....
F. Kimball.
San Pedro..
Uhehalis. ..
Alliance...
Santa Cruz
Pomona ....
I'air.plco. . .
Arctic
Pt. Arena. .
North Fork
Columbia..
Rainier
Eureka...'^
5. Rcca
Phoenix....
Australia. .
Steamer.
Destination. Sails. Pier.
May 1.
Grays Harbor ..... 3 pm Pier —
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
Eel River Ports... 5 pm Pier 2,
San Diego & Way.. 9. am Pier 11
Sydney & Way Pts 7 pm Pier 7
China & Japan..,. 1 pm PMSS
N. Y. via • Panama. 2 pm Pier 16
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
May 2. (
Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Humboldt ..... 10 am Pier 2
Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 10
Portland & Way Pts 5 pm Pier 1C
Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 0
May 3.
Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt .....;... 12 m Pier 2
Point Arena . . 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 2
• May 4. • . . •
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Mendocino City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Tahiti direct '10 am Pier 7
May 5.
Golofnin , Bay-Teller Pier 16
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 6.
Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 7.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1
Seattle . & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coquille * River .... 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Panama •& Way... 12 m PMSS
May O.
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Hamburg & Way Pier —
Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
May 10.
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Honolulu 2 pm Pier J 7
N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
May 11.
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ' 0
Destination.
Bessie K...
Coronado. .
Wfestport . .
Coos Bay. .
Umatilla. ..
Arcata. . ...
C Nelson. .
Curacao...
Manclalay..
a. Elder...
San Jose...
Nip. Maru.
Neko
Rival
Bonlta .'.:..
Alameda. ..
Lee) ana w..
City Puebla
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. May 4
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 5
Chico Sunrise & "Hope" City. May 5
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Bertha. Cooks Jplet"& Way Pts. May 10
Al-Ki... '..... Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
3 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft.
» L W . H W L, W • ' H W
1 0:00 8.1 5:18 3.9 11:57 1.3 TilO
2 0:51 2.6 6:37 3.9 12:55 1.5 7:48
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24
4 2:35 1.4 8:50 4.4 2:2S 1.8 8:58
5 3:18 0.8 9:58 4.6 3:13 1.9 9:30
6 4:00 0.1 10:541 4.7 3:5S 2.110:10
7 4:48—0.4 11:40 4.8 4:42 2.4 10:50
8 5:36|—0.7 12:44| 4.8 5:2S| 2.6|11:39
Ft.
4.3
6.0
5.1
5.3
5.5
5.7
B.8
5.8
— __^_^ -
...NAPA'... Napa ¦County,
SOM SPRINGS V CaL
tjtHE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL HEALTH
•*. Resorts. Hot and Cold Soda Baths. Rates,
$10 to $15 per week. Two trains daily,, foot of
Market street, 7 a. ra. and 4 p. m. For further
information address' Peck's Bureau, 10 Mont-
gomery street, 'or •
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Props.
li— O
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
- to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves in . hundreds ' of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet.
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter St., S. F. Laka Co., CaL
Q O
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments Impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishintr and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing:; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful . Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Canroliife: Com-
plete Camp Equipment;- Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. Dandnp\ etc. For further
particulars address ; BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C.-PEGK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
All tfl t% If Water. Climate.
Mil U li V Scenery and Table
¦ V I I fit 111 unsurpassed. Trained
IJ I QL- (j I %X I Masseur, Campers'
w ' ¦ ¦ Paradise, ¦ Good
Hunting and . Fisa-
-' at ami ' * i Train leaves Third
1 1 II I ' ' and Townsend streets
HIS I at 9 a: m. and 2:45
IIU I p - m - datly - "
,___ For pamphlet and
rates address .:..¦¦'•
SPRINGS *™ S0H
Ml IllllU^y-- Gilroy Springs, Cal
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from
Ukiah. Call or address
WITTER P. O M Lake Co., Cal.
Main office and water depot, 916 Market
street, room 64, city.
. R. McCORMICK. Manager.
/ETNA SPRINGS,
NAPA COUNTY.
OPENING - - MAY 1st, 1902.
:<: '¦ THE CUISINE IS UNEXCELLED. :
Apply for Pictorial Booklet. ,-^;-W • :
EDWARD L. - SANFORD, Manager.
CAMP CURRY!
Give • special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as Is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, more 'than one-half of,
which were. in 1001; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
Most popular resort. Situated foot of Loma
Prieta, highest point in Santa Cruz Mount-
ains.. Grand" scenery. Fishing, hunting and
swimming. ¦ . Fine hounds for deer hunting.
Table and climate unsurpassed. Stage at Ma-
drone Monday, Wed. and Sat. Train leaves S.
F/> 9 a.' m. daily. Send for souvenir.™-
- , . VIg PONCELET, Proprietor.
WtiaAxTr^iVc Howell Mountain,
WOOflWOrtll S, NapaCounty.
Terms $1.00 per day. -
Circulars free. Address »
WOODWORTH & MULLER, St. Helena* Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
¦ Two' miles from' Hopland; best medicinal
waters ' in . the State : fine • hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendoclno Co.. .Cal.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
'-Town Home, Sonoma. Will -meet guests.
Pleasant location. ¦ Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRT PEL-
LISSIER, Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal. . :'-
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. ¦ . First-class hotel : . large grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. . Malpas & Cosgrove.
'J:'- : •¦¦''>: -Vthe ceysers. ;
'(Sonoma County.)' New management; rooms
plastered and hard . finished; • new furniture;
,1'ew, . private bathhouse; ¦.. hunting, fishing year
round;.- white . help only; • best Hverr; cooking
specially supervised by manager. Gee pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.,
• Under- new 'management/ : Now-open for
business. Rates. $S to (15 per week. ' :
t'BRbqksiDES'
Most beautiful resort house in Napa Valley;
2 miles from Calistosa; free carriage; hot and
cold baths : ¦ gas. ; • 8. - F. '- references. Send f o i
pamphlet. , G. i W. CUTLER. CalUtora.-
/FOREST ; HOTEL,,.;
. .- . ;• a!ma.; ;.- vT
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout flshing.
Rebuilt and reopened." B. BOHME, Prop.-
HIGHLAMD SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous * health and pleasure, resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNET, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE ' SWIMMINC* TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel".$10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
Ono person in room, "cottages" .. .$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages" . .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"....
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL"...
$20 and $22 per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The- Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery . st.. or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake
Co.. Cal. -
WISDOM CONSISTS in doing the right
thing at the right time.
WE ABE ALL WISE— afterward—
when It is too late.
THE TIME to take care of your health
is -when you have it.
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get into a
rut or groove, either physically or men-
tally.
BREAK the monotony that makes so
many men and women old long before
their time. r ?. , :
TAKE an occasional trip. .
THE COUNTRY along the California
Northwestern Railway Is not. the only
place to visit, but it certainly la the
best.
ITS LOCATION between the coast and
the Interior affords that salubrious cli-
mate which invites living in the open
air, and fills up the system with re-
newed energy.
CALL or write for
1902."
A little book issued by the California
North-western Railway Company.'
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels, Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $6.09 to
18.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., (Chronicle
Building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt
o is a si r% n HOT springs, sono-
SK MhhS MA COUNTT: only 4%
Ufl/IVwU hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging: waters noted . for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
cr 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or- $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco 1
office. 121 Phelan bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery st. : also at Traveler
office, SO Montgomery St., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. £6 miles try
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney, com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
-hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
Including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELQEART*
Proprietor. " ¦ ,'^V ¦ ¦¦,'
f* ROWARBENNAN
B CiIifor ni*'« pretUeit mountain resort. Souvenir m
« booklet free. B. Dickinson, Mgr., Ben Lomond gf
«Cah,'or Peck'i Information Bureau, u Montg. 3
ORCHARD SPRINGS ffiHSS
In tho Foo<-vJl!> of the Sitrra Nnrii Mountains, nnrCotfax on
C. P. R. R, a 13S miles from Sin Frsnciico. Mo m^r P]»i n
qnlet retrnt; flnest scenery, water, mountain air. frait and climate
tn California. Idaal forest, srrmindi ma tnrroondices. »< a walk
8«nd &r booklet. ORCHARD SPRINGS, CokixV CaL
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain: altitude 2000 feet- air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; dally
mall; croquet; res. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds: ' $8 per week. Wr'ta
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley.. No staging; via C. N. Ry or S
P v R - R i,' Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try. it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many improvements- «12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor
Agua Caliente. Cal. . ««pneior,
v KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest flshing. hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to SU Mr
we2k. Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery stf
or address EDSON BROS.. Beswick.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
. Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream In San Mateo Co. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.!
Purlsslma. San Mateo Co.,. Cal: ."¦..-
yiCHY SFRINGS-C miles from Ukiah.
«L™ docln K »S°- * atu «l electric water?,
champagne baths. Only place In the. world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely -grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
**"
¦ HOTEL LA HONDA.
fiJITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
flshing. 1 Season now open. Long dis-
tance^ phone, v MRS. I.- j. SEARS, La Honda.
San Mateo County, Cal.' . *
ITaMTMM *¦*¦»' ¦¦»»¦¦¦ mm m ¦»¦ ¦ ¦
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach, Liver and Kid-
ney Troubles.^ Not what I «ay. but what ta«
people say.
RECOMMENDED BT THE LEADING PHT-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OB* TESTIMONIALS.
Elevation. 3300 feet.
Rates. $10. $12 and $14 per week.
¦ Tickets at S. P. olflce. foot of Market street,
direct to the Springs.
DR. VT. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
L. LEBEXBAUM A CO.. "222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water..
PASO HO.BLES H
-r-> sx. v"* Nature's own selee-
Hll y? tion for a health and
X v/l\ pleasure- resort be-
____ . _ __ .__ cause of the curatlv*
Mr* A I TH properties of Its mud
HJLiJriXji 111' and sulphur baths for-
rheumatism, lnsom-
A MT\ nla, gout, neuralgia.
M\ r>| II liver, kidney and blood
diseases. Has every
T\T 13 A CTTTYC natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKet, S. F., A#.*
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointel hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For ,
information and rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
houn. Proprietor. « -
WHITE SULPHUlf 5MWOS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA. — POSI-
tlve cure for rh/umatlsm. stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, Including baths. $1
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK, St.
Helena, Cal.
fiMPTAYfAD HOTEL, camp cot tag* s
LAflir lAILvlt and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
SEIGLKR SPRINGS— NETV MANAGE-
ment. Hot baths and mineral 'waters un-
excelled for rheumatism, malaria and stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. $8 to
$12 per week. Call or address 117 Grant ave..
or Seigler Springs. Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, .
proprietor.
ARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable In Lak*
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, mazneata an-i
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowline alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets, S. P. office.
$8. J. A. HATS. Prop.
EAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room In county; new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating, bathlnc, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet, tennis, bowling; free teams daily to
our mineral springs, 15 kinds. Ew DURNAN.
Laurel Dell, Lake Co., Cal. :
HOTEL DB REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board. $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket, $2 50. M. S.
COX. Laurel. Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MONO THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of. cream,
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Telephone. Rates
$6 and $7 per week. For particulars addres*
Robt. F. "Warham. Applegate, Placer Ov. Cal.
T. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort is . located in the Santa
Cruz Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola.. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
: D. WEBB, Soquel. CaL
HE LIERLT RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good flshing. Best deer hunting in the State
$7 to $8 per week. Jerry Llerly, Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Bondfonte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
dally mail, flshlnar, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Crux.
ANNADALB FARM, santa CRUa
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. K.
J. SEEGELKEN. Loa Gatos Post of flee. Cat,
GARDEN CITT SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
»age. X-ray. Write for literature.
ELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano, Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms. $1,00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot mln-
j eral springs near by. Peter Gouallhardou. Prop.
RIVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 rmsT-
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long dlst. nhone. Fred Barson." Proo.
KtNG'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishlpsr. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevUa.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and 'fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Gnemevllle. Cal.
ERGHEIM— Two miles from Lob Gatos.
Ideal place, home cooking, * $8 per week.
P. DISQUE, Loa" Gatoa.- Cal.
STAGE LINES A2TD LIVEBIES.
LAKEPORT AND - BARTLETT~SPRING3
'STAGE LINE.-Hopland to Bartlett
¦ Springs. vU.Lakeport. carrying passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs. Stares
connect with trains at Hopland. Leave Hop-
land at 12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30- a£
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse
14-passenger tourist wagons, made to order for
this. stage line, with all the most modern im-
SJS*!™? 11 "" P , as , 8enKer8 f °r Lafceport or Bart-
Stage L?ne «<*ets by Bartlejt Springs
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
L^ti^^M 11^ PESCADERO- Through th»
T^ri °*^ to th £ ocean - Hayward's. Wurr 1 *.
OESCADERO— San Mateo and P*scader»
it stage line, via Half moon Bay and San
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a-m.& 4:15 p. m.
P». SHI .° N STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
tt o^TTJ 0 ?^'" 13 ' ca^Pers. hunters, write J.
Smith. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. WlUIts. for
any kind of. a turnout.
HUMBERT: STAGKS-Short route to the
. S ey f ers: 3 nours> staging. FIrst-c<ass livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
r* ILROY^Fashlon Livery: good service; reas.
V* rates. Ofe. Gtlroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
12? 9 ATOS ~ Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
*-» First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
SVt 1^ CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stable* StjrJ-
ish riga. Reasonable prices.
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to the living skin.
\ Pears' is the purest ; and -
best toilet : soap . in all - the
world.
/ ' Sold ail over the world.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAD CATARACTS;
NOW_SEES.
Itflrs. Louisa Baichtal of Sac
City, Iowa. Gets Back Her
Sight at the Ape of 70.
Praises Dr. Coffee.
The experience of Mrs. Lonsia Baicbtal Is
told in her own words and should encourage
hundreds of old people who have given up to
blindness. Write today for Dr.W. O. Cot fee's
wonderful book of "The New System of
Treating Diseases of the Eye."which shows
colored photographs and gives a history of
every kind of eye trouble.
UBS. LOUISA BAICHTAI.
Bead About This Case,
" I am 70 years old. have been in good health
until six years asro. when I caught cold and it
settled in my eyes. They became inflamed.
Itchy and stuck together some in the mornings,
but thinking they would soon get well them-
selves, and month after month passed and
they 'were sometimes better and sometimes
worse, but each attack was worse. I went to
zny family physician and he helped them
tone, but about two years ago,a white scum or
opacity— what they call a cataract— com-
menced to grow over my eyes, and inflam-
mation got worse: made me almost totally
blind. The doctor wanted to operate on my
eyes, but I would not allow him. and I drifted
along when a neighbor saw the name of Dr.
W. O. Coffee of Des Moines. Iowa, and that be
bad a new way of curing blind people. I
irrote him and got his book and placed myself
under his treatment immediately. My eyes
commenced to improve ths very first day and
Improved steadily until my sight was restored
so perfectly that I could read a newspaper
¦without glasses. His treatment is mild, heal-
ing and soothing, and I want to say to every-
one who has eye trouble, write Dr. Coffee: his
fees for curing you will be less than any other
doctor and bis new Absorption treatment is
ail that Is claimed for it." .
—^ Dr. Coffee's 80-page bock tells
£ \ how you can be cured at home
ft _ \ by the mild Absorption Treat-
1k &\ ment— no operation — and at
\3 ifL\ small cost, of cataracts, films,
- • f T7 growths on eyes, wild hairs.
JL- %K^ granulated lids, falling sight.
»««Nr- / A V> in fact> anything but complete
T&&W V Paralysis of optic nerve.
- vr\/»^ Write today and save yourself
for some friend from blindness.
DR. W. 0. COFFEE, 926 Good Block, Des Moines, la.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge, r No • staging. ¦ Every
comfort and convenience.- Tiburon ferry, 7:30
a. ra., 3:30 p. m. . Information of DR. HEN-
SLEE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter. 2371. Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton, Cal. , .
JOHANN1SBEHO.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW. HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. . Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR., prop.. Oakvllle. Napa County; or .'. The
Travelers' Bureau, 20 Montgomery st. '
SA RATOGA Sf RINGS.
Better than ever this i. year — booklet and 'full
information at Peck's Information Bureau,' 11
Montgomery St.. or California and Northwest-
ern R. R. -office, CSO Market st., or John Mar-
tens, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co.; Cal. ;
RUSSIAN. RIVER. HOTEL. J
One: mile from famous "Bohemian ' Grove" ;
new management; all refitted.- Quietude,' com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, - fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best , of everything. ' Addret*
C. . F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via , Duncans Mills, Cal. ' ' . '
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming ' i-esort In the Santa Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours r from San Francisco ; dellehtf ul . cli-
mate ; ' swimming and - all . sports ; table . unsur- •
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A; S.OLNEY. Manager. -
HOTEL MATEO ' AND COTTAGES,
San Mateo, , Cal.. Is now under * new ! manage-
ment. Everything • first -class. '-¦ Cuisine ¦ unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling . alleys, billiards,
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
S^^IN^^pV.a^ 1011 -/^ EN^ *
HOTTEL BON-AIR;
ROSS VALLEY. :
J. E. MANLOVE ' & WIFE • (formerly Mrs.
_ Leach),' Proprietors. •.
; HO! FOR^UELAKESI
Hunting, boating, bathing, flshing; new
launch and boats,- new hotel and . cottages." new
tennis court.' Send • for • pamphlet : and terms.
O. WEISMAN,- Midlake. 'Lake County.? Cal; ,
• . i- . - * ¦-¦ '. ¦¦' """'"irii imitii Ji TiiiBlriiiii mn rfc—iimngTilf;. ' BEANS — Bayos/ ¦ $2 55@2 65 ; * small "Whitel
$2 25@2 50; ; large j White,; $2 25®2 45;rPea,.i$3@
3 25; Pink; $2 0502 20; : Red.i $2 00@2 75; ', Black-'
The '' shipping ' demand ! for.; Beans continues
and several sorts are again higher.';. V; ',«„ -
Beans and Seeds.
General, Merclidndise.
BAGS— Grain ; Bags,' 'June and 'July/ 6c; San
Wheat; United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 5.078.000 bushels: afloat for
. NEW YORK, April 30.— Special .telegraphic
and cable advices -received': by sBradstreet's
show* the " following.' changes ' in available,' sup
plies as compared with last' account:-'-'..'.
Available Grain Supply
I FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 GO®
3 75, . usual terms ; Bakers' j Extras, $3 40@3 50 ;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per, barrel for family < and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; ' Washington Bakers' , $3ffl>
350.-* -—•¦.•¦•.¦; -..%: . ¦-....¦ i: ¦ , .'-.'*°**'.
. MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks , are as fol
lows, usual discount ' to the trade : , -Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs;Rye Flour, $3; R ye Meal
1 $2 75 ; Rice • Flour, $7 ; ; Corn ', Meal,. $3 25 • extra
cream do,. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Homlnv $40
4 25; '- Buckwheat * Flour, - $4 50@4 7S; Cracked
Wheat;. $3 50; Farina; $4 50; . Whole ; Wheat
Flour, $3 25;' Rolled Oats, (barrels) $7 35@9- in
sacks, v $6 85@8 50 ;' Pearl Barley; $5 50 ; Split
Peas. $5 50; Green Peas, : $« 50 per^lOO.IbB. '
, . Hay ' andFcedstiiffs,.:^ ;";' :
'••Everything remains 'as before quoted. '
¦•'-' BRAN— $17 50@18 ' per -.ton.' "" ' ' , ;
. MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 per ton. \ , .¦.
[¦'- FEEDSTUFFS-^RolIed; Barley, ;. $20'50<g!21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at, the mill, $25026; Job
bing, $20 60@27;-. Cocoanut Cake, $20@21: Corn
Meal,'' $29@29 50; 'Cracked" -Corn, ' t $29 50@30;
Mixed iFeed,>$16@17; Cottonseed Meal," $26 50.
¦••>• HAY — Wheat. • $9®JL1 50; Wheat ; and . Oat,"
$8 60@ll; Oat.- $S@10 50; r Alfalfa, ,$8@11; Clo
ver,. $7©9 ; ".Volunteer, $0 50@8 50;-Stock,' $6@8
per ton. f ; . . ¦' : : :¦. 'v' "-"•"';'¦',¦
„ STRAW— 40@65c> per bale.,:, . ' •¦ ¦;v, c ., ; *-'
Flour and Millstu ffs.
New York Stock Market.
Total sales... 1.057.000
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
US ref 2s reg. .'.109%'L & N Uni 4s.'. ..102%
U S ref 2s coup.. 109 % Mexican Cent 4s.. 83
U S 3s reg .108% Mex Cent 1st inc. 34%
U S 3s coup 109% Minn & S L 4s... 104%
U S new 4s reg. .138 Mo. Kan & T 4s. 101 M,
U S new 4b coup. 139% Mo. K & T 2ds.. 83%
U S old 4s reg... Ill ty N Y Central lsts.104
U S old 4s coup.. 111% N Y C gen 3%s..lO9
U S as reg 105% -N J. Cent gen 5s. 140%
U S 5s coup 107 :N Pacific 4s.,'. ...105%
Atchison gen 4s..lO3%;N P«ciflc,3s. ... ..74%
Atchison ad) 4s.. 94% jN & W con 4s... 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. .102% 1 Reading gen 4s..: 99%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 96% 'S L & I M con 5s.ll«
B & O conv 4s... 109 iS L & S F 4s.:.'. 99
Canada So 2ds...lO9 St L Sw«trn lsts.100
Cent of Ga 0s 112% S L Swstrn 2ds... 88
Cent Ga lrt inc.. 86% ! S A & A P 4s... 01%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% So -Pacific 4s..... 95%
Chgo & Alt 3%s.. 84%jSo Railway 5s... .122%
CB4Q new 4s.. 96% Tex & Pac Ists..l21
C,M & S P gen 4s.ll6% |Tol. S L & W 4b. 83
C & NW con 7s.. 136% j Union Pacific 4s. 105%
C R I & Pac 4s..ll2%:U P conv 4s. 109 »
C.'CC & SLgen 4s.lO4 Wabash j lsts ..... 121
Chuo Term 4s 89% Wabash 2ds ..ill
Colo & So 4s 05%'Wahash deb B... 77%
D & R G 4» 104 West Shore 4s... 113%
Erie prior lien 4s. 108% Wheel & L E 4s. 93%
Erie gen 4b.:..-. 88% Wis Central 4s... 94%
F W &. D C lsts.115 Con Tob 4s 07%
Hocking Val 4s.. 111% ;•
V NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con-. 30 Little Chief ....... 11
Alice .- 45 Ontario ......... ,«6 25
lireece '•--••• JO Ophir^r..-.......r.l 80
Bruaswick Con.... 14 Phoenix Ofl
Comstock Tu nnel . . 06 Potosl . . . . . ... 28
Con Cal Si Va....l 55: Savage ........... 12
Deadwood Terra.'. <0ISierra Nevada..;.. 25
Horn Silver. ...... 1 40 Small Hopes...... 40
Iron Silver. <»j Standard ......;;. 3 40
Lead ville Con...:. 05 : :
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
• Money— - \ Ho vti. ........ 92%
Call loans ¦: 3%©4 Westngh Com:... 112
Time loans .....4@4% Mining— ¦ - - .
' Bonds — . Adventure ..... .. 22 "•
Atchluon 4s .....10212 Allouez .......... 3%
Gas lsts *W Amalgamated .'...65%
Mex Cent 4s Sl% Blngham ......... 35%
Railroads— 7 - Calumet & Hecla.535 ¦. ;
Atchison ..:..... SO Centennial .19%
- Do pfd. ........ 9S%^Copper Range .... 67%
Cash quotations were as follows: No. 3 spring
wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red, 82%@84%c No '2
oats, 42%@42%c; No. 2 white, 45@45%c; No
3 white. 44045c; No. 2 rye, 59059%c; fair to
choice malting barley, 67@71c; No. 1 flaxseed
$1 67; No. 1 Northwestern,; $1' 79; mess; Dork'
per bbl. $16 60@16 C5; lard.; per 100 lbs. $0 97%
©10 02%; short ribs sides (loose), $9 30@0 40
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 7%@8c;. short
clear sides (boxed), $9.90@10 00; whisky basis
of high- wines, $1 30; clover,, contract grade,
$8 35. .. '..' ¦ . . ¦ '.'.'¦ .¦ .• ••.'•¦-', j ** -,v^-
Articles— , ... Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ,26,000 -12 000
AVheat. bu .'..... 61,000 , ¦ 47,000
Corn, bu 73.000 \. , 88,000
Oats, bu ...........:.%... 210,000/ 179,000
Rye. bu .........:.. .¦..:.'.¦ 3,000': ' :1,CXK)
Barley,' bu,.. .....:........ 26,000- ¦'. '2,000
On S the . Produce Exchange to-day the ' butter
market was steady; creameries,- 17@22c; dairies,
17620c. Cheese, steady; ¦' 13 %c. Eggs,. flrm;
fresh ,15%c • y .-,•;,"• , ,V.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hides, TalloiVj Wool- and Hops
HIDES AND SKINS — CulJs and brands sell
about" 1 l%c. under, '.qu8tatlons. Heavy, salted
Steers,* 10%c;"iuedlumi',0iJj)9Vic; Jlght; 8@8}aC;
Cow Hides/, 9c7for. heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags, 0WU%c;; Salted Kip, S@8%c; Salted Veal
0@»%c; Salted Calf, 10c;. Dry Hides, ltic; Culls
14C; . Dry j KiD,-: 13c; Dry Calf,* 18c;- Culls . and
Brands.vl5c; Sheepskins, : Bhea'rllngs, 20®^0c
each : ¦ short Wool.' 1 35®t30o ' each ; . medium b'5@
75c; long » WOOL; 90cS$l 10 each; "Horss Hides
salt,. $2 75®3-for large aud$2 25@2 50 for me
dium;- $1 , for small - and 00c for Colts- Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for. large.- $1 25@1 co for me
dium, : $1 : for ' small • and 50c : for , Colts.'- Buck
Skins-— Dry .. Mexican.- 32%c; = dry salted' Mexi
can,-25c: dry- Central ; .Amerlcan;32%c- Goat
Skins — Prime 'Angoras,', 75c; large and smooth
50c: medium, : 35c- ¦ J '?¦¦'/"¦ ¦¦' ¦ :¦¦ -• . .'
TALLOW — No." I /'rendered. 'CW®0c Der lb-
No: 2.- 4%©5c; grease.' 2%@3%c/"- • . V
¦/- WOOL— Spring— Northern ; free, , 14@lCc do
defective, 13(§>14c; Middle county, free, 13@15c'
do; defective, 12@13c; : Southern. 12 months. l)@
10c; do,' 7 'months, 9@llc; ; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada, ;12@15c.i per lb. : . . '.¦,
HOPS — 12@13c : for fair : and 14@15c" for . lb
for " good to choice.' ' '," , .
Chicago was lower on the day, -but the mar
ket was steady to strong at the decline; with
brokers the best buyers. ¦ _ : . • <¦
I ; Thls market continued quiet and , unchanged.'
, CURED MEATS— Bacon, , 13c S per lb ¦ '. for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15c for extra' light and . 16c for. sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Jlams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, >13%@14c;'Mes3 Beef, .$9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10010 50; Family, $11@11 60;
prime Mess Pork, $15 50^10: extra clear, $23;
Mess.' $18 50©10; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c- perlb. : •. ¦ ' ¦ • ; -: ¦¦
¦:, LARD — Tierces ; quoted at: 8%c per" lb for
compound*' and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb^tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, 12%c.' •>.;';¦>¦ -;V. 4
COTTOLENE — One 'half-barrel, ,10%c; three
half-barrels, . 10%c; one :i tierce. rio%c; two
tierces, 10c ;. five . tierces, 9%c per lb. . .
Provisions.
FRUITS— Apricots, 0@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, SgOc; sun 5c; Peaches, -6%
@8%c; Pears, (J@9'c; Plums, - pitted, 5@6c;.uri
pltted,.l%@2%c; Nectarines,* 5%@6c for red
and-5%@6c for white; flgs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%@6c for white. . • . , ; :
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6%@6%c; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 4@4%c;' 70-80's, 3%@3%c; 80
90's. 3@3%c; 90-100's, 2%®2%c per lb. ' . .
; . RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, • 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, ' 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $150; London Layers,
$1 25CS1 35. . .• .• .-. <-,
NUTS — Walnuts.' No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7%c; No. : 1 hardshell, 0c; No.. 2, 7c;
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c' for
softshell and tt@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@
7c . for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts,' 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5.- "• . .."¦¦¦¦. -
HONE Y-^Comb, . ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for . light amber; ; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber ¦ extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
! BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb.- . .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
*— .. . , ,, .»
CHICAGO, April 30.— Considering the fact
that this was the last day of the month and
preceded one of the four big delivery days of
the -year there was a fair bull market in wheat.
True, trade was dull in the main, but prices
held well the greater part of the session. Bull
ish news was present in good force. Receipts
were fair. Kansas reports were still complain
ing of insufficient rains and forty-flve counties
in Minnesota and South Dakota reported a de
crease in the spring wheat area amounting to
20 per cent. Some fair early, buying by the
leading corn bulls started prices up well There
was the usual changing, however, July belne
taken up for May at l%c spread. The' quiet
ness of the market .helped bears in their cour
age to sell the further options and the ad
vances were not held. July, which sold early
at 76%c;- closed a trifle better than yesterdnv
%®%c up, at <6%c. . /esieraaj,
Corn trade was quiet and "uneventful. Most
of the business wYis that of changing from May
to July. July closed weak, %c lower, at 63%(B!
Oats were very dull. July clo'sed %c lower
at •>o%c. < . ¦ .
Provisions were weak, influenced by liberal
receipts at the yards, lower prices and fair
selling. July pork closed 20c down, lard 12% fa
15c down and ribS;10e lower. ,' -"M 1 *
The leading futures ranged as follows:
The pressure has fallen slowly during the past
twer.ty-four hours over the greater portion of
the Pacific Slope. There has been a slight rise
aione the coast between San Francisco and
Eu*x4ca.
The temperature has fallen about 12 degrees
at Los Angeles and from 10 to 18 degrees over
Nevada, and Utah. In- the Sacramento Valley
the U-mp*ratures arc from 8 to 15 degrees below
th« normal. Showers are reported generally
ever Northern California. A thunderstorm has
occurred at Red Bluff.
. Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. May 1. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Thursday; probably showers- warm
er; frtfh southerly winds, changing to webttr
ly. .
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; possibly light showers In
the forenoon: fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Thursday
vrith showere; brisk southeast winds
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unset
tled weather Thursday; possibly light showers
In the forenoon; light southerly winds chang
lr.fr to fresh westerly. . . ' w "*" 16
The rainfall for the month of April at San
Francisco amounted to .88 of an inch or littl»
more than half the mean rainfall for Anril
for the past fifty-three years. The rain was
however, well distributed, falling on ten days
during the month. *
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• V. ¦ ' Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
CALL BOARD -SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock No sales
. Second j Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales
Afternoon: Session —.December — 2000 ctu
77%c.,;May— 2000;. 90e. ' . w . . CU ?V
OATS— The market Is still dull and feature-
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1' 30(3)1 45-*Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, ;$1 12%@l 3->%'.'' r "i
$1 30<ftl 42% per ctl. w ¦ ""• Tca -
CORN— There is no further change to re
port. ¦
Large Yellow, $1 37%@1 45; small round dn
$1 40®l 45; White, $1 50@l 00. '
RYE — 00@95c per ctl. ,
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 -'o'clock— -May— 2000
Ctls, $111%. '•• ' '¦-., . .¦ .1 .';. . ,
Second Session— 2000. ctls, $1 li. " ¦ v
Regular Morning.- Session— May— 2000 ctls
$1 10%.;. December— 2000 ctls, $1 0S%; 2S,bOO,'
Afternoon Session— May — 12,000 ctls *1 10%
BARLEY-There is no change, to re'port. the
local market being very quiet ' ¦¦
J'eed 92%@95e for No. 1 and 00@91%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades 95(ffi
97%c; Chevalier, $1©1 20. ¦ .-.- Kraaea - ' )ottf
WHEAT— Paris and Liverpool futures were
both, higher. Bradstreet's gave the status of
the j world's stocks as follows: East of the
Rockies, a decrease of 5,978, 000 bushels ; Eu
rope and -afloat, a ' decrease of 900, 000 ; ; total
decrease, C, 878, 000 : bushels. ,
Chicago was firm, with light offerings, and
diminishing receipts in the Northwest and
Southwest. The; Northwest markets ¦".' were
strong and the Southwest markets weak. There
were seaboard rumors'' of a big export business.
Crop reports from Kansas continued bad, seven
of the largest wheat counties, which produced
over 20,000,000 bushels last year, reporting a
condition- of 40. ¦ A' large • Minneapolis miller
wired that 35 counties in Minnesota and South
Dakota indicated a 20 per cent ¦ reduction in
acreage. Omaha wired that wheat and oats
were badly damaged in Nebraska, the wheat
staple being almost ready to joint and only
three or four Inches high. There was heavy
liquidation in May.-which caused a break from
76%c to 75%c. •--.,' J- • . - - ....... v
This was j quiet at ( about .previous
?t^S^p^iaSliSlii^
Wheat:, and Other Grains.
Chicago Grain Market.
German . . .1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. 340 390
Mutual Sav. SO — L Union Trst. 1830 ;*-•
S F Sav U.525 . — _ .'•¦-.. .
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — 182% Market . . . . .100 : —
Geary — i CO . Presidio . ... 35 —
POWDER. . '
Giant ....... 79% 80%; Vigorit ..... 3 —
>-SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea ....— 9%
Hawaiian ... 32 — JUakaweli ... 23% 24
Honokaa ... 10% — -lOnomea 25 - 26%
Hutchinson . 12* 12% Paauhau .... 10% 12
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161%162 Pac A F A.: - 2% — ,
Cal Fruit As. — 102% ! Pac C Borx.165 -^.
Cal Wine As.100%101 |Par Paint... 19 .' —
Oceanic S Co 32. — I* _ ¦
' Morning ; Session.
15 Cal Wine Assn .:100 75
' -50 Giant Powder Con '...... 80 00 ¦
$1000 Lcs Angeles Ry 5s .....118 87%
,.; 10 Pacific Gas Imp 40 00
' ISO Pacific Gas Imp ..... 40 50
• 100 Pacific Gas Imp ............ 41 00
10 Pacific Gas Imp .:..... 41 25 ,
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910)..... ;..... 114 75 '
S4C00 S P Of Arizona (1910).. ......... .114 87%
$5000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge)......101 00 -
Street— " , 1 ;
$5000 Oakland Water 5s ..:... .104 00
; Afternoon Session. 1
C.g S v-"-^fe» "-^''S^SI;
5 Alaska Packers' Assn .161 50
5 California Wine Assn 100 75
10 Oakland Gas ¦: . '. ¦; 62 50 ,
¦ 20 Oceanic S'S Co..::."..".. ..."..... 32 00 -
' 30 S F Gas & Electric Co. ......... 45 50
' ' 20 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 3 ,45 50
$5000 Oceanic S Sybonds.. ............. 97 50
¦ . Street—; •
35 Cal Wine Assn ...100 75
$4C00 Los Angeles Ry 5s. ;....... us 37^
PRODUCERS' OIL" EXCHANGE. '
—^_ — - . -
Morning Session. -
'•: '. ¦*/( Board— .
2000 Apollo .'. . 20
400 Four^. . . '. 64^
1000 Occidental of .W Va .'..........;. .-, 19
¦- 500 Sovereign ...............;...:.... 33'.
200 Sterling, cash .. ..... 1*57%
500 Sterling, s 90 ......:.:.......... 157%
100 Sterling, b 30 . . .*: :..; 1 eo- •
2100 Sterling, ... ". : 1W
1000 Sterling,- b 30 ..>.......:....¦ IK!',; 1
1000 Sterling, b 90 :..;........-. .. 1 67%
SAVINGS BANKS
Amer B & T.106 110 First NatlonI — —
Anglo-Cal ...00 90% L P & A...M68 170
California ..425 427 Mer Ex (llq) 18%,—
Cal Safe Dp. — 121% S F Natlonl.140 —
BANKS.
Cent L & P. 2% 3%!Pac Light .. 45% —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%<Sac-E G&R. 35 40
Mutuaa . 3% — S F G & E. 45% 45%
O G L & H. 62 — SFGLCo.. 5% —
Pac G Im.. 41%. 42% Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 270 I .
GAS ! AND ELECTRIC
WATER BONDS
Contra Costa 7fi.%.77% Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.... 60 . — .; Spring Val,» 02 . 92%
Ala A W 5s. 90 — Oc SS Co 5s. 97% —
Bay CPC 5s.l07%108 OmniBus 6s. —
Cal-st 6s. ...119 — Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk & CH 6s.lO7 110
Ed L & P Os.129 — Pk & OR 6s. 117 120
Fer&C.H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — . —
Geary-st 5s..— — Sac EGR 5s.lOt%105«
H C&S 5%s. — — ¦ SF & SJV5s.l20%121%
Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal 6s.llti —¦
L Ang R 6s.ll8% — S P of. A 6s
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1909) 113%114
gtd 6s: — ¦ — (1910) ....114% —
Do gtd 5s. — 103% S P of C 6s
L A & P 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr A.106%107
.Do lem 5s.lO2% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6b. - — (1006) — 110%
Do lem 5s.l20%121% (1&12) —121%
N R of C 6s.ll2 — S P of C 1st ' 1 " * 1
Do 5s ....120 121 c gntd 5s. 120
N Pac C 5s.l09%110% Do stmpd.111% —
N_R of C 5s. 114% — ISP Br Cal 6sl3S%139%
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% S V Wat 6s.110%111
Oak Trn 6s. 12* — Do 4s 2dm.lO3% —
Do 1st c5s. — 110 Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% Stkn G&E6S.102 104
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
WEDNESDAY. April 30—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS, j
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...lll%112 4s qr c (new)130%130«
4s qr reg...lll%112 3s qr coup.,109%110
Sterling Exchange. 60 days. .... . "— $4 80%'
Sterling Cables,- sight — 4 85%
Sterling Cables — : 4 89%
New York Exchange; sight.... — . 15
New. York Exchange, telegraphic ¦¦ • — •. 17%
Silver, per ounce / .: :-— "; ¦. r>l :
Mexican 'Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1@1 75 I
for standard. $1®2 25 for choice and ,$2 50<g3 !
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,!
$1 25@2; Mediterranean- Sweets, $1@2 60; Va- j
lencias, $2 75@3;- Malta Blood Oranges, $2#3; ;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes; ;T5c@$l and $1 23 j
@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c<g$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $1@2 50. includ
ing seedless ; , Mexican Limes, $4 50@5 ; f Bana
nas, - $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
$1 25©2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, per
dozen. / . . :
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary: fancy from Australia, $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. $7@10 . per
chest; Malidinas, ,$2@4 per chest and 75c(g$l
per crate. • ; , . ..
Three cars of Bananas came in from New
Orleans, but were not offering for sale owing
to the greenness of the stock. The quotations
on Pineapples are - withdrawn, as . there are
none-offering at present. • *• ' . [¦
¦ The bulk of the receipts of Strawberries were
soft and muddy and sold slowly. Receipts were
US. chests Longworths,' 02, chests and 119 crates
Mallndas.
. The I low prices ; of j Strawberries had a de
'pressing.effect on the sale of standard, Oranges
and such offerings -were dull, both in the open
market and at the auction. Fancy Navels sold
'fairly well, but the Citrus market -" generally
was ' dull. At the auction 6 cars of Oranges
were sold as follows: Fancy Navels," $1 i)01]>
2 85; choice do, $1 20@2 55; standard do, 70c
@$1 70, according to size; standard Seedlings,
50@70c. ;t :, iV -.>>:•.'.¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There Is little doing at present In evaporated
apples, but stocks are light and the feeling Is
firm. State common to good, 7@894c- prime
•JHQ9%c: choice. 9%@10c; fancy, *l6%®Jic'
The California dried fruit market is quiet and
generally Eteady. Spot prunes are dull with
old fruit slightly easier. New fruit is steady
to flrm. A fair Jobbing trade is noted in
r!C h O olds an s?ea P d e y. Che81 *** ° f the mar -
PRUNES — 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxes. 14c; bags, 10%@12c •
. PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeledl 8®llc.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. April 30.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,665 barrels; exports, 2800 barrels; dull and
easier, being a shade lower to sell. Minnesota
patents, $3 40@4 16. ' ;
WHEAT— Receipts, 227,175 bushels; exports,
15,900 bushels; spot dull. No. 2 red, 88%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 89%e f. o. b. ' afloat; ; No. '
1 Northern Duluth. 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba. 87%c f. o. . b. afloat. Early
.in the day and up to 1 o'clock wheat ruled
quite firm on higher cables, dry weather in
Kansas and heavy decrease in Visible supply
stocks. Subsequently realizing, however aid
ed by predicted showers, the market eased off
and closed barely steady at %@%c net ad
vance. May, 80%@Sl%c, closed Sic; July,
80%<g-Sl%c. closed 81%c; September, 78@:
79 1-lOc, closed SO%c; December, 81 11-10®
"82%c, dosed at Sl%c. - . .
• HOPS— Firm. .
' HIDES— Firm. < :
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet. No. 7 invoice
5%<g5 7-lOc; mild, quiet. Cordova, 8%@12c.
Futures closed steady, net 6@10 points higher
Total 'sales. 10.650 bags, including: April'
4.95c; June, 5.15c; August, 5.35c; November'
5.55c; December, 5.55@5.C0c; February, 5 75c
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Centrifugal, 90 ' test,
3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c. Refined, firm.
LONDON. April 30.— Consols, 94 15-16; sil
ver.'23 %d: French rentes. lOlf 7%c; wheat car
goes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 stand
ard California, :$0s; Oregon, 30s; English coun
try markets., strong. - . • ; - ¦ ._ ......
LIVERPOOL,- April 30.— Wheat,' steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s ldfiCs 4%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; -flour - in Paris, quiet; I French
country markets." dull; ¦¦> weather in England
overcast.'-.- ¦ ': ; . ¦•.,'•;., .. ! . ¦¦¦-. :,...> ,
"COTTON— Uplands* 0%dr-~ ~ ' '"¦¦ "'. . "" •
Foreign Mdrk'ets.
PORTLAND. April 30. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, C6@66c; Blue Stem, 66@66%c.-
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
Interest will be payable on the • following
bonds to-day and will be .quoted ex-coupon in
the board : U. S. 3s and new issue 4s." quar
terly: Edison Light- and Power 6s, quarterly;
Sacramento • Electric. ' Gas" and Railway -5s
semi-annual; Southern- Pacific- Railroad first
construction, guaranteed gold 5s, semi-annual-
Southern Pacific 1 Railroad first construction'
stomped 5s,- semi-annual; Spring Valley Water'
second mortgage 43. quarterly. ". *
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Mercantile ' Trust Company of San Fran
cisco yesterday the old board of directors waa
re-elected, with Frederick ; W. Zeile as presi
dent,' N. D. Rideout vice president and John D.
McKee cashier. .. . •«•.•
The following quotations for, the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were! received yester
day from New YOrk by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co. : Common stock, i $26<ffi27:, preferred.. $K0 Va
@G1 25; 4 per cent bonds, $91@92; subscriptions,
$102 12%@1C2 75.
Imperial Ofl will pay' a dividend of "20c. or
$20,000. and Thirty-three Qil one of 10c, or $10.
000, both payable on ' the 6th. r
Beyond an advance in Pacific Gas Improve
ment at $40@ 11 25 and in Giant Powder at $S9
there was nothing new on the morning session
of [ the Bond Exchange. Business was quiet.
On the OU Exchange Sterling was again active
at $1 57%@1 67%, • according to terms, the
other stocks being dull.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers sold up tfl
$161 50.
PORTLAND. April 30.— Clearings, $361,553;
balances, $54,148. '
TACOMA. April 30.— Clearings, $175,157- bal
ances. $29,091. -
SPOKANE,' April 30. — Clearings, $211 018
balances, $29,700. • i '" 13 '
Northern Business.
CHEESE — New. 9@10c; old.' 9@llc; Young
America. 8@10c; Eastern, : 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 17017 %c for fancy and 15@
16%c for fair to good; store, 14@15c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 19c and occasionally
20o.per pound for, fancy, 18@18%c for firsts
and 17%c : for seconds: dairy, 16@18c; store
Butter, 14&15c per pound.
Receipts were 58,300 pounds and 111 tubs of
Butter. 15T0 cases of Eggs, cases of East
ern Eggs. 36,450 pounds of California Cheese
and 2800 pounds of Oregon Cheese,
Eggs have again . moved up, and fine ranch
will now bring 17%c:< Stocks are lighter and
the market is firm. The exchange advanced
quotations to :14%@16%c for ranch and 14©
14%c for gathered. ¦
There ¦ is no change in Cheese, the market
being heavily stocked and weak.
¦ Butter is very weak. ¦ Most dealers. ¦ report
19c as the - very top for creamery, but a few
creameries are still bringing 20c. Receipts are
still heavy and dealers are unable to keep their
floors clear, even" with the general packing. ;
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON. April 30.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balances, $184,668,592; gold, $91,S02,517.
Condition of the Treasury.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 62-50 Kansas City S0-5S
Cincinnati 64-44 Duluth 48-34
Philadelphia m-5". Omaha 66-5*»
Jacksonville 80-70 Chicago 70-50
Washington 70-C2 St. Louis .....!!80-58
New York • C0-52iSaIt Lake City.. 64-46
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 30—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fiats as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.30 4S.C7 45.90
I:ed B!t:ff O.UC. 'M.T>9 24.23
Sacramento 0.03 17.63 v 19.41
San Francisco ... 0.04 17.93 20.48
Fresno 0.08 6.84 10.83
Independence . O.00 4.29 5 SI
San Luis Obispo. O.-OO 21.93 30 45
Los Angeles 0.00 10.56 17 79
San Diego 0.00 6.11 10.66
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
C«; minimum. 51; mean 54.
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, April 30. — Money on call firm
at 3%@8 per cent; closing bid and asked, )7@
8 per cent; prime mercantile -paper,, 4@4 3-5
per cent; sterling exchange firm, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87%@4 8S for
demand and $4 85% for sixty, days;. posted
rates. $4 S6@4 SS%; commercial bills, $4 84%
©4 85%; bar silver, 51c; Mexican dollars 41c;
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, weak.
New York Money Market-
Local bank clearings In April were $112,
035,638. against $98,3CS.S55 in April. 1901. For
the first four months of the year they were
$426,919,717. against $361,691,113 for the same
period in 1901.
Bank Clearings.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30.
Flour,' qr sks... 13,232 Onions, sks..... 724
Wheat,;ctls 5B.IS7 Sugar, ctls 2,260
Barley, ctls.... 1,595 Tallow, ctls 7
Oats,. Or., ctls.. 600 Pelts, bdls 237
Corn, ctls....... 170 Hides. No 258
Beans, sks 3,8.83 Leather, rolls../ 146
Rye, sks :... 3"10[Wlne, gals:.... 80,250
Potatoes, sks... ' 84<MLlme, bbls...... 273
Bran, sks 1,140 Chicory, bbls.... 40
Middlings, sks... T61 Paper, reams... 46
Hay. tons ."Ul Brandy, gals. ... 500
Wool, bales..... 659 1 . .
Receipts of Produce
• WEDNESDAY. APRIL 30.—
Jacob's. Hermann to Sarah Rodgefs, lot on
Eline of Laguna street, 50 S of Vallejo. S
57 :« by E 100; $10. l&oiaie«ir*gb*D8
Estate William W. Behlow (minor) (by
Bertha Behlow. guardian) to Behlow Estate
Company (a corporation), undivided one-six
teenth interest in the following: Lot on W
line of Octavia street. 68 N of Pine, N 39:6
by W 137:6; also lot on N line of Bush street,
157:6 E of Broderick, E 20 by N 137:6; also
lot on N line of D street, 77:4 E of Thirty
sixth avenue. E 50 by N 105; also i lot on E
line of Twenty-third avenue, 200 S of Point
Lobos avenue, S 50 by E 120; also lot on NU
comer of Twenty-fourth avenue and D street.
N 200, E 12O. N 80, W 120. X 320. E 240. 3 600.
W 240; alsq lot on E line of Twenty-fourth,
avenue. 150 N of A street, N 100 by E 120;
also lot on SE corner of Twenty-fourth avenue
and A street, E 158:6, SW 164:6, N 44:7: also
lot on W *lme of Eighteenth avenue, 200 S
of Clement street. - W 240, S 75, -itfE 203:11.
NE 45:6, N 43; also excepting lot on W lino
of Eighteenth avenue, 200 S of Clement street,
S 45. SW 45:6, S to a point. N to a point. E 120:
aleo lot on S line of Geary street. 77:6' E of
Powell, E 87:6 by S 137:6; also lot In Masonic
cemetery; $13,590. '¦¦
Estate Edgar A. Behlow (minor) (by same)
.to eame undivided one-sixteenth, interest in
•same; $13,593.
Estate Raymond E. Behlow (minor) (by
same) to same, undivided one-sixteenth inter
est in same;, $13,593. -
Estate Frederick H. Behlow (minor) (by
same) to same, undivided one-sixteenth inter
est in same: $13,593.
William H. and Ethel W. Crocker to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker, lot on S line of Sacramento
street. 100 E of Webster, E 37:6 by S 132:8%.
quitclaim deed; $1.
Estate William E. Brown (by Delia J. F.
Wood, executrix) to same, same; $4143.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to Mil
ton S. Eisner, same; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary I* Born to Caroline
Woenne, lot on W line of Fillmore street. 37:tf
Sol Union, S 25 by W 03:9; $10.
- Caspar ' and Sophie Zwierlein to Mrs. - E.
Flanigan- (widow),' lot on N line ¦ " of Hayes
street, 120 E of Stelner, E 25 by N 137:6; $1U.
Kate H. and L. W. Storror. to Frank Grass.
lot on NW corner of Turk and Devisadero
streets. W S6:ll by N 27; $10.
Frederick A. ! and Nellie A. Lasell to Jacob
Kakn, lot on N line of Sacramento street, 165
W of Broderick, W 30 by N 127:8%; $102.
Michael E. and. Marguerite G. Golden to
Emma C. Gunn, lot on N line of Filbert street,
183:9 W of Broderick. W 25 by N 107:6; $10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Charles S. La
Forest, lot on E line of Clayton street. 27:6 N
of Halght, N S3 by E 100; $10.
- Paul and Paulina Shidlo to Charles S. Hea
ley. lot on E line of Cole street. 57:6 S of Fred
erick, S 30 by E 80; $10.
Sarah C. and James T. Rogers to Rose C.
Pickering, lot on 9 line of Washington street,
68:9 E of Walnut, E 34:4% by S 127:8%; $10.
Julia Garvey to Otto L. Smith, lot on NE
line of Crocker street, 123:11% NW of West
Mission, NB 63:8%. NW 22:9%. SW 89:8%,
SE 31: $10.
Sarah J. Reed to Alice Graham, lot on W Una
of Harrison • street, 175 N-of Twenty-first, N
25 by W 122:6; $10.
Hannah .ftyan to Mary A. Ryan, lot E line
of Mission street, 185 N of Twenty-first. N 60
by E 122:6: gift.
Norman B. Churchill to Aaron F. Churchill,
lot on S line of Fifteenth street. 125 IS, of Noe,
E 25 by S 125; also lot on SW corner of Twen
ty-sixth avenue- and P street, W 120 by S 500;
$1.
Dora Holler to Julius H. Berghauser, lot on
E line, of Castro street, 165 N of Twentieth, N
110 by E' 125; $10. - • ¦
Charles H. and Harriet W. Philpott to James
Hamilton, lot on W line of Hampshire street.
104 S of Twenty-third, S 26 by W 100; $10. •
Bridget O'Reilly (Lyons) to- Nicholas J.. Pat
rick H. and Mary.O'Reilly. lot on W line of
Church street. 74 N of Twenty-fifth, N 40 by
W 75; gift. -
Nicholas J., Mary and Emma O'Reilly "to
Patrick H. O'Reilly, same; $1000.'
Mary A. Gang (single) to- John S. Gang, lot
on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 118 E of
Castro, E 25 by N 114; also lot on N line of
Twenty-seventh street, 168 E of Castro, E 50
by N 114; gift.
George Brooks to Mary A. Brooks, lot.com
mencing 68 :0 from NE corner of Kearny and
Lombard streets, N 91 :S by E 91:6. quitclaim
deed; $1000.
Fred A. Greenwood • and G. D-. Greenwood
(and as attorney) to William -L. Bunting, lot
on E line of Fifth avenue. 175 S of Lake street.
S 25 by E 120; $10.
. . ' Builders' Contracts:
Chrlstoph Wllfert (owner) with John H^
Munster (contractor), architects John & Zlm
mermann — All work except concrete, painting,
plumbing and gasfltting for a 2-story and base
ment frame building on N line of Hayes street,
162:6 W of Broderick. W 25 by N 100; $5600.
J. and J. Harris (owners) with C. Seloro
(contractor), architect William H. Armstrong-
All work except grading, 1 concrete, plumbing
and painting for a 2-story frame building (4
flats) on W line of Powell street. 100:6 N of
Chestnut, N 35 by!W 87:6; $4S50.
Myron H. Renwick (owner) with George
Weismann ¦ (contractor), architect J. H. Lit
tlefleld-*AU work for a 2-story frame buildlnjr
(4 flats) on S line of Rose avenue, 52:6 E of'
Laguna street.' in rear of present building No.
13C Halght; $3086 50.
Charles Newman (owner) with John Simmen
(contractor), architects Havens & Toepke — Bara
and fixtures for saloon. in a 4-story and base
ment brick building- at intersection of Market.
Kearny and Geary streets. 38:6 on Market. 23
on Kearny and 30:5 on Geary; $3950.
Carrie V. Gummer (owner) with Carl Schutt
(contractor), architect T. P. Ross — All work
except plumbing and painting for a 3-story
basement and attic frame building (3 flats) on
S line of Pacific aVenue. 135 W of Broderick
street. W 30 by S 127 :S%: $9016.
Same owner with H. Wllliomson Co; (con
tractors), architect - same — Sewering, gasfltttng
and plumbing for same on same: $1054.
• Mrs. Mary Sexton, (owner), with James Geary
(contractor), architect R. H. Walker — All work
for a 3-story and basement frame building- (3
flats): on W line of Sharon street. 320:9%* S
of . Fifteenth street, S 25 by W 125, • Mission
Block 90; $5840.
:Sperry Flour Company, corporation (owners)
with M. F. Gale (contractor), architect.Nathan
iel Blalsdell — Rough and face brick work, flue,
linings, terra cotta,. stone and wrought Iron
work and vaults.- etc., for office building and
warehouse building on NW line of. Spear street.
183:4 SE of Mission, SE 45:10 by NE 273:
$10,960^ :
¦ Same owners with Robert McKIllican (con
tractor), architect same — Carpenter, mill and
wrought iron work, tiling, tinning and gal
vanized Iron work, j lathing, plastering, glazing,
stairs and cabinet work - for same on same;
§15.004. - . . ' •
I Ferdinand Fcrmhals (owner) with C. Krecker
(contractor), architect J. A. Porporato— All
work except ¦ cement work, plumbing, hard
ware.- mantels. ga3 fixtures and . shades for a
3-story frame building (3 fiat.«) on . K line of
Bryant rtreet,168:S N of Twenty-sixth. N 53:4
by E 200: $4520. : ; /
S.Rouda '.(owner) with William Helbing (con
tractor) - architects Rousseau & Son — All work
for a 3-story attic and basement frame building
(it flats) on W line of Franklin "street. 30 S of
O'Farrel!. S ?Z:6 by W 87:6, Western Addition
block 132; S9Sro. : . . ' »
William G. I.eale (owner) with Petterson &
Person (contractors), architect W. O. Banks —
All work for a -2-story and basement frame
dwelling on N line of Vallejo street. 108 E of
Filtmoif. E T.>:« by N 137:6, Western Addition
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend 41
of 75 cents a share.
Produce Exchange call boanl sales in April
vere 76,800 tons wheat and 16,000 tons barley,
making total eales for the crop year to date
710,400 tons wheat and 137,900 tons barley.
Produce Exchange Sales.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4700; weak to 5c lower
Western lambs. $(J 15@7; Western eheep, $4 85
HOGS — Receipts, 9617; 10@15c lower. Light
and light mixed. $6 80®7 10; mixed and heavy
$7<g/7 30; pigs. $4 15@5 85. * ¦¦ . ; Jl
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 30.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1415; 10c lower. Natives, ?5 15@6 85;
cows and heifers, $T25@6; veals, $3@5 83 '
stockers and feeders,' $2@5 25.- - '
ST., JOSEPH.
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000; sheep, steady
lambs, JOc lower. Good to choice wethers
?5 50@6 10; fair to choice mixed, $4 75@5 50-
Western sheep, $5 25@6 10; native lambs, $4 75
@6 50, clipped; Western* lambs, clipped $5 25
@6 50; Colorado lambs. $7 15.
. CHICAGO, April 30.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1800, including 200 Texans; slow, 15@25c lower.
Good to prime steers, $6 75@7 30; poor to me
dium, $4 50@6 40; stockers and feeders, $2 50
@5; cows. $1 40@6r heifers. $2 50@6 25- can
ners 1 , $12502 30; bulls, $2 50@5 50; calves
$2@5 3F; Texas-fed steers, $5 25@6 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 35,000; to-morrow
28,000; left over, 6000 head; market 10@15c
lower. Mixed and butchers', $6 75@7 20; good
to choice heavy, $7 15@7 30; rough heavy. $6 85
@7 10; light, $6 65@6 80; bulk of sales $6 SO
@7 10... ¦ ' . ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ • - >i
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
The coinage at the local branch Mint during
the month of April v?as as follows: Double
eagles. $3,4S0,O00; half-dollars. $56,000; quar
ter-dollars. $09,153: dimes. $33,000: tota! $3,-
CoS.153. The total coinage for the first ten
months of the fiscal year, commencing July 1,
¦was $57,521,681. against $63,718,926 during the
came period in 190O-O1.
Mint Coinage.
NEW YORK, April 30.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a scanty business on the - Stock
Exchange to-day before the holiday, but the
tone was confident on rumors that Generals
Botha and Deiarey were more pacific In their
attitude. ! The market is wagering 2 to 1 on
peace before next Tuesday.
Consols spurted from 94% to 95. Kaffirs were
quietly buoyant and Americans , were idle and
drooping on the absence of support, except spe
cialties. In the street St. Paul and Illinois
Central jumped on New York's buying orders
in a narrow market. Atchison was sold and
Canadian Pacific was heavy on considerable
selling against an option. . V- - ..
Money rates were unchanged and the market
is still, borrowing. ....... .. ...
London Market.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, April 30.— -The cotton market
opened firm', with prices 3 to 11 points' higher
and closed steady, with . prices 2 to 7 -points
higher. : '• • ¦ . ¦ . .
The receipts of duties on Imports at the
Custom-house during the month of April were
*717.754. making the total receipts since Jan
uery 1 $2,530,926.
Customs Duties.
Sales. HiKh. Low. Close.
Atchison 34,400 Sl.% 79% 80%
Atchison pfd .. 4,800 99% 9b& 98%
Bait & Ohio .. 4,300 108% 107% 10S
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 l>0 96 95
Canadian Pacific .. 10,100 127% 126 120%
Canada Southern .. 2,100 96% 93%' 93%
-Chesap & Ohio 4,100 -48 47Vt *T%
Chi & Alton 1,800 37% 36% 36 V»
Chi & Alton pfd..' * 76
Chi Ind &. Louis... 7.900 70% 6S «9%
Chi Ind & L pfd. . 200 81% 81% 81 -
Chi & E Illinois... 400 166% 165 . 165%
Chi & G Western.. 71.300 29V 4 27% 27%
Chi & G W A pfd. 300 90 ' SS% 88%'
Chi & G W B pfd. 2,200 48% 47 47%
Chi & Northwest.. 3.100 271 264 260
Chi R 1 & Pacific. 3,700 160% 177 * 17S
Chi Term & Trans. 300 21% 21% 20%
Chi Term & T pfd. 600 39 38 37»i
C C C & St Louis.. 300 106% 105% 106
Colo Southern 2,300 31% 30% 31%
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 74 73% 73%
Colo South 2d pfd. 700 45 43% 44%
Dela & Hudson ... 5,600 179% 176% 177%
Del Lack & West 284
Denver & Rio G-. 800 43% 43 43
Denver & R G pfd. 500 02 91% 91%
Erie 8.200 39% 3S% 30
Erie 1st Pfd ...... 2,100 70 69% 69%
Erie 2d pfd 500 55 54% &•*%
Great North pfd... lSe
Hocking Valley .. S00 84% 83% '• 83%
Hocking Val pfd.. 600 91% 91 91
Illinois Central . . . 55,200 153% 150 • 152%
Iowa Central SOO 50 49 48%
Iowa Central pfd • 8<
KC Southern 800 26% 25% 25%
K C Southern pfd. 800 60% 59% 59%
Lake Erie & West. 200 67% 67% 67
L Erie & W pfd 128
Louis & Nash 2.100 129 127% 12S
Manhattan L 16.700 13G% 134% 134%
Metropolitan St Ry. 700 152% 152% 152
Mexican Central . . 4.400 29% 2S% 28%
Mexican National.. 12,600 20% 19% 19 %
Minn & St Louis... ,1.200 114% 113% 113%
Missouri Pacific . ; 3.S00 101% 100% 100%
M.K & Texas 4,300 27 , 25% 20
M K & Texas pfd. 3,700 5S% 5. % 5, %
N J Central 200 11)2% 192% 102 n
N Y Central 17.600 162 159% 160%
Norfolk & West.. 1.400 58% 57% 6S
Norf & West pfd. 200 90% 90% 90
Ontario & West... 8,300 34% 33% 34%
Reldlnl 1st pfd... 1.700 86% 85 80%
Reading 2d pfd .. 9.200 72% .0% .2
<=t Louis & S F.. 600 09 6i% OS^t
ctL&S Fist pfd. 400 '84 83% 83%
?iL&SF2dpfd. -400 73% -73%- 73
St Louis RW 100 29 29 29%
l\ KSBKSJsSjSsS ii3% in*" i||
5 PS! Pfd '2.200 194 191 192%
Southern Pacific .. 12.000 87% £6% 6.%
Southern Railway.. 14.500 3<% SB% 36%
Southern Ry pW- 1.100 «$ ¦ ™A Jg«
Texas & Pacific. 2,200 43% 42% 42%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 3.200 50 49% 49
Express companies —
Adams ....••..-•-• ..... .... ••••
American T{i
United States iJ2
Wells-Fargo i zlu
Miscellaneous — V«i/ ««Lii R-^51
Amalg Copper..... 15.800 66% 65% 6o%
Am Car & Foundry ¦ 3,100 31% »«% 30,6
Am Car &/•«« pf .. 300 91% 90 90
Am Linseed Oil ... 500 28 . -»
Am Linseed Oil pf -B00 55% 50. .55%
Am Locomotive ... ¦ 6.500 36 31 33%
Am Locomotive pf 11.400 9S»i 93 94%
Am Smelt & Refin. 1.200 43% 43% 43%
Am Smelt &R Pfd 300 95% 9o 9o%
Anaconda Min Co. 500 112 111 111
Brooklyn Rap Tran 14.100 71 ' 68% , 69%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 41.500 103% 106% .106%
Consolidated Gas... 7.100 227 225 .226.
Continental Tob pf 1,300 122 121 121
Snerll Electric. .. 100 32fi% 326% 327
Hocking Coal 200 20% 20% 20
International Pap.. ..'.... •••• 21%
Internal Paper pfd. 400' 74% 74%
International Pow. 17,800 108 120 75
Laclede Gas »;-.', •'.".'.. 85
National Biscuit... 300 50% CO 50%
National Lead .... 11.000 20% 19% 19%
National Salt '-. ..20
National. Salt pfd.. \ 69%
North American... 2,900 131% 128% 120
Pacific Coast 200 68 CS 68
Pacific Mail 42
Pecple's Gas 1.800 105 103% 104%
Pressed Steel Car.. 4.200 40% 45% 45%
Pressed St Car pfd. 2.100 86% 85% 85%
Pullman . Pal Car. . 200 248% 247, 240
Republic Steel 2.400. 19% lfl : 19
Republic Steel, pfd 1.200 75% 74% 74%
Sugar 13.200 120% 124% 126%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 7.200 72% 70% 70%
Union Bag & Pap. 200 ir>% 16% ic%
Union Bag & P pfd 100 82 82 81
U S Leather 14.500 14% 13% 12%
IT S Leather pfd... 1.500 85% 84 84
U.S Rubber .400 17% 17 17
U S Rubber pfd... ' C9.
XT S Steel ...... 13.300 42% 42 t 42%
U S Steel pfd....'. 14.100 91% 82% 92%
Western Union ... 1.400 02% 02 92
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Spirited buying of Chicago Great Western, a
rise of 4 points in Illinois Central and over 2
points each in St. Paul and Rock Island had
a sustaining influence in the railroad list for
a time, but prices gave way there in the un
settled state that developed. The effect of at
tempts to market stocks which were previously
manipulated was seen in the 6-point drop, in
Northwestern, 13 in Chicago, . St. Paul,- Min
neapolis and Omaha preferred and 5% In Keo
kuk and Des Molnes. There was some calling
of loans following the flurry in certain Btdcks.
The resulting rise in the money rate and the
recovery in sterling exchange at Paris ap
parently had the effect of further deferring
gold exports.
The bond market was active and prices were
lower in symoathy with stocks. Total sales,
par value. $3,800,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
1000 Occidental of "W Va.... 19
100 Occidental of W V3 ; 20
540 San Joaquin Oil & Dev.. 7 00
4000 Sterling 1 62&
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fraa
! Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Challenge :.. 19 500 Ophlr 195
200 Con Cal & V.I 65 300 Sierra Nev... 28
300 Gould & Curry j 19 500 Silver Hill.... 52
100 Mexican 62 500 Utah fri
Afternoon Session. '
3C0 Andes 05i 300 Ophir 2 05
500 Best & Belch. 28 100 Overman .... 25
500 Chollar .: 201100 Potosl 31
1300 Con Cal & V.I 63 ; 200 Savage 1«
400 Gould & Curry la 100 Sierra Nev... 28
400 Hale & Norc. 25 600 Union Con... 29
300 Mexican . 66! 700 Utah 04
200 Occidental .... 15 1 3CO Yellow Jacket 13
50 Ophir 2 CO- 2C0 Yellow Jacket 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: . ,
.. ' .Morning Session.
1300 Best & Belch. 28 300 Mexican 67
800 Best & Belch. 30i 200 Ophir 2 00
200 Caledonia 5:'. 350 Ophlr 2 05
1500 Chollar 20 200 Ophir 2 10
200 Con Cal & V.I 65 800 Potosl 32
500 Crown Point.. 09 50O Potosl 31
200 Gould & Curry 18 200 Sierra Nev... 28
700 Gould & Curry 19 300 Silver Hill... 50
900 Gould & Curry 20 300 Silver Hill... 51
500 Justice 07 700 Union Con... 23
200 Mexican 63 200 Union Con.. .,23
500 Mexican 62 800 Union Con... 30
300 Mexican 68) 300 Union Con... 31
300 Mexican 681
Afternoon Session.
250 Caledonia .... 54 200 Ophir .......2 00
1600 Chollar 20 700 Potosl •• 30
500 Chollar 19 800 Potosl 32
400 Con Cal & V.I 65 500 Savage ...... 13
500 Mexican ..... 65 500 Union Con.... 29
500 Occidental ... 14 500 Utah 03
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. April 30— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice ...... CQ 07
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 06 Lady Wash... — 04
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 65 Ctt
Best & Belch. 27 23 Occidental ... 15 1«
Bullion ;..... 02 03 Ophir 1 9? 2 00
Caledonia 51 53 Overman 25 26
Challenge Con 19 21 Potosl 29 31
Chollar IS 1!) Savage .15 16
Confidence ... 60 62 Scorpion -r- 04
Con Cal & V.I 65 1 70 Seg Belcher.. 02 «i
Con Imperial.. — 02 Sierra Nev... 29 30
Don New York — 02 Silver Hill.... 40 60
Crown Point.. 09' 10 St Louis — 08
Eureka, Con.. IS — Syndicate — 08
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union < Con... 29 30
Sou-Id & Curry 13 10 Utah 04 05
Hal© & Norc. 23 24 Yellow Jacket 13 14
Julia — &i
NThe following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco,; less 30
per cent , shrinkage .for cattle: ..:¦?;..-."¦¦. ,'
CATTLE— Steers. 8%® l 9c;.Cows and'HeiferB,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. • ; rf.. -j
CALVES — 5@5%c ' per • lb (gross , weight).
SHEEP — Wethers; 4@4%c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
Ib"(gr6ss weight). — ~ " " " :~~ ¦¦¦¦¦—¦¦
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, .?2 50®2 75 per
head or B(g5%c per lb llveweight;- yearlings, 4%
@5c per lb. - -i • - - , •- ¦ -
HOG3 — Live Hogs, -200 lbs and under, 6"-;©
6%c;-200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6®
6%c:"sows; 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off. and stags.i 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. ; • ¦
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6% @7c per lb
for Cows. <•-'¦. ¦¦
VEAL — Larger 8@9c; small, 9@10C'per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes. 8®8%c
per .lb. '- .; ¦• ";.'' " • -V * - ..*
-¦ LAMB—^-Spring ' Lambs'. - 10@llc per :1b.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. :.7%@JH4<J per lb.
-l : . LIVESTOCK MARKET. T
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ¦•¦;''¦ ¦
The market shows no further change.
• • DRESSED MEATS. • . -
San Francisco- Meat Market.
- The New York iron . market was steady and
unchanged. • Piglron *warrants were nominal
No.l foundry, Northern, $10@20; No. 2 foun
dry, Northern, $18@10; No. 1 foundry Southern,
$17 50@18;- No. 1' foundry, Southern, soft
$17 50@18. English markets were lower, with
Glasgow closing at 53s 3d and Mlddlesbofo a t
48s, 4%d.
Lead was quiet but ' unchanged here at
$4 12%, but London was Is 3d higher at
£11, 15s. •.. . •
Spelter ruled steady here at $4 42%; gained
2« 6d at London, closing at £18 2s 6d. ¦ ¦ • >
Copper was 2s 6d higher at. London, .where
spot and futures closed at £52 5s. -The New
York copper market was quiet. Lake closed" at
$11 75@12 ' and ' electrolytic and casting at
$11 37%@11 62%. Standard copper for spot to
August" delivery was quoted at $11@11 15.
NEW YORK,. April 30.— Prices for, ti^ v were
raided at home and ' abroad ' to-day. The gain
at London was £1 '¦' 5s, .', with', spot closing at
£130, and futures at £127. At' New York the
gain .was close to %c, with spot closing ' at
$2S 25@2S 50.' ' :.
New York Metal ¦ Market.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barky quiet and unchanged, ;/ :
Oats, Com and Rye inactive: ,
Hay and Feedstuff s stand the same.
Beans still firm and in demand for shipment.
Butter and Clieese -weak. . Eggs slightly higher.
Provision quiet at previous quotations.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables steady. '' •
Poultry and Game in fair demand.
Strawberries and Oranges dull.
No further change in live, and dressed Meats.
Bank clearings gain considerably in April
Local stocks and bonds dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' -LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money 94 11-16 M K '& T........ 27%
Do f or . acct . 94 15-16 Do "pfd : ; . . . . /. . 55 %
Anaconda 5% N. Y- Cent. . . . ; ; . . 106
Atchl£on ...,.82% N & W.;........ 60%
Do pfd......... 101 Vj Do. pfd. r.:..... 92
Bait & Ohio..... Ill V4 Ontario" & 'West.* 35%
Canadian Pac ...1301,4 Southern Ry ....*. 39
Ches & Ohio..... 49% Do pfd...: ..•..'. 98Vi
Chic'G W 29U Southern'*- Pac ¦'...' 69
Chic M &St P. .'.176% Union. Pac .108
D & R G 44% • Do pfd... 90%
Do pfd. 94% U S Steel 43%
Erie 40% Do pfd... 95%
Do 1st pfd...'... 72VL Wabash*. ........ 28
Do 2d pfd...... 57% Do pfd ...47%
111 Central* 153U Spanish Fours ... 78%
L & N .....130%
Bar silver, quiet, 23 %d per ounce.
Money, 2%@3 per cent. . .
• The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 13-16 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
Boston & Albany . 263 Dom Coal . 'I .....; 44 %
Boston; Elevated. . 167 Franklin 11
N YiN H & H...240 Isle Royale ...... 13%
Fitchburg.pfd....l4CJ4 Mohawk ........ Z5\*
Lnlon Pac ......104% Old "Dom ..:..-... 18
Mex Central' . 28^4 Osceolav .......... 62%
Miscellaneous — Parrot- .......... 24%
Am Sugar. ..126% Qulncy ..........125
Do pf4.. .119% Santa Fe- Copper.-* 2%
Am Tel & Tel... 183% Tamarack ........ 175
Dom I &S....... 68% Trinity A........ 12%
Gen Electric ..-..325% United States ....- 21%
Mass. Electric .... 43% Utah .'...:.'. 22%
Do Pfd..:. »98 Victoria ...\'..... I 4%
N E G & Coke... 4 Winona ;.... 17%
United Fruit ....105 j Wolverine .:..... 53%
U S Steel........ 42
LIVERPOOL.
'Wheat — v-' ' ' ;".¦¦" . May. .,./.. July/
Opening ..;.....; 6 l%- . 6%
Closing .............;., 6 2 6 1%
¦ ¦ " pabis. •• - ¦;¦¦:-'::- -¦¦ -
Wheat — - April. . Sept.-Dec.
Opening ................... 22 10 22 30'
Closing.. 22 20 ' 22 35
- Flour . ' ; . , - ¦'•
Opening ....................26 90 26 30
Closing ...,. '.....26 95 ; 26 40
' GAME — Hare, $1 25; . Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and $1 for. Brush; Gray Geese,
$2 50@3; White Geese, 75c@$l; Brant,' $1 25
for small and $2 for large; English Snipe, $2 50
@3: Jack Snipe, $1 50. • -¦ • • - • . i
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $2 25®2 50; Ducks, $4 50
@5 for old and $5 50@S for young; Hens, $3 50
@4 50; young Roosters, $6@7; old Roosters,
$3 75@4; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers,- fj 50®
4 50 for large and $2@3 for. small; Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
Squabs. ; ¦''.-'•:.* ., ¦¦ - ''¦.-¦" '-' ¦ ' ••.':¦' '
Choice young Poultry met with a fair-de
mand and sold off well at the 'quotations, but
old stpek continued dull and plentiful. There
were a great - many small young. Ducks' offer
ing, but they : were " not wanted arid - the price
was reduced. No more Eastern came in, but
one car is expected for to-day's market. ...-¦¦.. <
Receipts of Game were 25 sks and prices were
unchanged. . ' ; '
Poultry and 'Game.
VEGETABLES ¦—* Asparagus, extra - fancy,
$2 25:per:box/?$i:75@2 for No. 1 and $1 23@
1 65 for No. -2; 1 Rhubarb, 60<365c per box; ex
tra fancy, •85c@$l;- Grefin Peas; 85c@$l per
sack and- lc per • lb .to the canners; String
Beans, 'from Los 'Angeles; 10@15c per lb, in
cludIng\Wax; Cabbage, 50@65c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes,. $1 25@1 75 per: box and crate;.
Mexican I Tomatoes, ¦'. $1@1 25 > per !j box for | re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb: Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers,- 35@75c. per dozen .for small
and $1@1 25 for large ;" Garlic,' 2@3c: Los An
geles Green Peppers, 12 %@15c; -Mexican do, 8
@10c; Egg. Plant,'. from Los. Angeles, 15@20c;
Summer Squash, .from Los- Angeles, .75c@$l 75;
Marrowfat Squash. !$15@20'. per.' ton; Hubbard
Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms,- nominal. •
• ONIONS— Oregons, '— — for the best and
$1 50@2 : for. lower grades ;.Nevadas, $2 75; Aus
tralian,'. $3 25<g3 75 second hands; .-new Red,
$125 per sack; Green Onions, 20@40c , per box.
¦ . Receipts ! of were \ moderate i and
the .general run . of I offerings were unchanged.
Some special: brands sold at. a slight advance
over the quotations. .; Receipts of Rhubarb 'were
heavy, * and aa- there was no shipping fancy,
stock was.IowerV. Some garden Peas were offer
ing i and -sold for $1 25 ; per sack, but the. ordi
nary Bay. ' Peas r were -unchanged. - Receipts of
Los Angeles were light and prices
showed, little variation. ''.¦¦¦ ' ' • •. "¦' ' ¦ '•• . ; ¦ •: •- '
i POTATOES-^-New Potatoes, 1%@2%c per lb;
old, $I'.40@l 65 for Burbanks from . the river;
Oregon -.Burbanks, '. $1 05@2; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $16001 75; River Reds. • $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose,' for, seed, $1 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks, ¦ for ¦ seed. $1 35@1 60; Sweets, 2c per. lb
for Merced. 1 ¦.••..•.'¦:•.. -. ¦ <- ' ¦¦' ¦ V . '¦
There was nothing new in- old Onions. Offer
ings ; of new- Red : were mostly- soft, and sold
slowly! at the quotations;— Receipts, of Green
were, heavy and only, choice fresh stock brought
the I top pi-ice.*.-"' Sllversklns from San ; Leandro
sold -for 2c Der.lb. ¦-¦>¦'.: ¦. ; . ' ¦' ¦
Trading in Oregon Burbanks was quiet pend
ing the unloading of the Oregon steamer, which
arrived late in the day with 5105 sacks. Large
and • medium i sizes . of : seed '- Burbanks ; were <¦ in
demand, :- but Ismail stock .• was not wanted.
Other seed Potatoes were dull. River Burbanks
were slightly -, higher under light supplies.
Large new Potatoes were wanted for local and
shipping ' trade, but small were plentiful and
dragged; .-.'." '-¦'. ¦ .-"' '• ' •' •
Potatoes^ Onion's) and Vegetables.
Foreign Futures.
eye, $4 50@4 75 ; > Limas, $3 50@3 60; ¦ Red ; Kid
neys, . $3 50@4 : per ctl.;.; . . :>
¦ .-¦ SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, '. $2 25@2 50;
Canary. -3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
109i@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape,' 1%@
2%c; Hemp.'3%o per lb..,- . - ..
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 60@2; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. ...
and in Europe, decreased 900,000; total supply,
decreased 0,878, 000 bushels. . . , •¦¦;-.•¦•. r.
Corn. United States and Canada," east of the
Rockies; decreased 911,000. bushels. -,^^ w .
i : Oats,' United . States and Canada, . east of the
Rockies,'' decreased. 855,000. bushels. , ; '%-,', .
-,- SUGAR— -The -Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-1 b
bags: Cubes, -A, : Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4 . 50c ; ¦ Powdered, • ' 4 . 35c ; ¦ Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
latedvCoarse.' 4.25c; .'Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet - Granulated (100-lb . bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C.- 3.65c; '.'D," 3.55c;
barrels, • 10c more; ¦ half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 50c ¦ more ; 50-lb ¦ bags, j 10c more, for all
kinds. .-'Domlnos— Half -barrels, : 4.75c; boxes.
6c per -lb.'- No. order -taken, for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent..^ ;: . .", ".'•¦-•;¦
Quentin, 5.55c; "Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. .'.' ...
COAL— Wellington. $9 per * ton; Southfleld
•Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $8 50.
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $8; Walls
end. $S 50; Cc-operatlve Wallsend, $3 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton.
according to brand.
'.• OIL-^-California Castor OH, in cases; No. 1,
70c;pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra | winter ' strained, barrels, 95c; cases, $1 ;
China Nut. 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neat3
foot. in barrels, . 70c; cases, 7Gc; Sperm, pure,
05c. Whale Oil, natural white. 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases. 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, :' barrels. r 63%c for Ceylon and
5S%c for Australian. , . ..."
-' COAL OIL— Water White Coal. Oil, 'In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%e; Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; in
cases, 21c; Sti-degree. Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c. ¦
I TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
THE ,; SAN: FB ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
THE COAST RECORD.
STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK, April 30.— A nervous and
feverish tone developed in to-day's stock mar
ket, principally as the result of the extra
ordinary mo\-ement in International Power,
u-ith several contributory causes, including a
stiffening in the money rate, the uncertainty
incident to operations for May disbursement*,
the outcome of the anthracite labor conference
and renewed reports of rain in the Southwest.
International Power opened at 1«7. a decline
of a point from yesterday's close. It recov
ered and then clumped by micceiealve stages of
from 1 to 3 ooints to lul. It then rallied 20
points, jumping as much as 5 points between
eales and fell back again to 162. Apparently
no bids could then be secured for the stock
and it was neglected for* an hour until Just
before the close, when a sale was effected at j
320. V The day's net decline was 78 points. I
Yesterday the stock sold, at 199. which was
the record price. For many days previous
successive records had been established. In I
February the stock sold at 80 and in March I
the present move started below 00. It has |
been accompanied of late by many outgivings j
cf large acquirements m ot new properties by
the company and by The payment- of a 2% I
j^t cent dividend, which was called quarterly, i
after providing for the preferred stock require
ments. The chaacter of the movement has
been viewed with skepticism for some time
And has attracted v/ry little outside I follow
ing. Within a. day or two profits of many
points have been taken on a few light bold
ings. The officers of the company could give
no Intelligible explanation of to-day's - hap
penings beyond the obvious fact that support
ing orders had been withdrawn. The closing
quotation for the stock was 75 bid and 150
asked- This movement necessarily had some
sentimental influence on the rest of the market,
which, naturally was most pronounced in in
dustrials, especially Jn those regarding which
little definite information Is ' known. The de
clines running from 2 to 5% noints In the .
American Locomotive stocks..- Railway Steel
Fprlng, American Grass Twine and Colorado
Fuel • may be cited as examples." The higher
grade Industrials were not so much affected,
although the United States Steel stocks con
tinued heavy. Amalgamated - anO. Sugar were
v ither. the latter rising 2 points at one time.
11
Wheat?- NO. 2- OPen - I-W -- Cl0Se -
May • 74% 74% UU ' 7414
July ;••• 75% 7«y* 75%~ 74%
3e K b Na^ 75 ' 75% 74% 75 *
May ........... 62% 02% 61 % 61 ai
July ..¦.:.... .t. 04 0414 63 63%
September..... 03 63^ C2% 62^
¦ Oats, No. 2-~"
May 42V» ; 42% 41^: 41%
July (old)...... 34% 35ft 34% 34%
July (new) .... 36% 36% 30V4 36$
September (old). 30 30^4 20% 203?
September (new) 31% 31% 3lii '.' 3i{?
Mess sork. per-bbl— '*
May ...10 67% 16 75 16 55 16 55
July .......:.. .16 00 16 95 16 SO 16 80
September .....17 07% 17 07% 16 »5 10 95
Lard, per 100 Jbs —
May ........... 0.05 10 00 0 87Vi- 9 87%
July..... 10 02% 10 07.% 0 07% 10 00
September . 10 15> - 10 07% ' 10 07% 10 07%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ ' ¦ ¦ • "'¦'"
May..... 0 37% 0 37% 9 35 9 35
July ........... 0 42% 9 47% 0 40 ,040-
September ..... 9 52% 9 65 0 00 9 50
ETATION&
d
S
1
2 k g
Sa. Sa $1
Bg 5 3 sS.
si sa : §
2. » ! °
| IL .: J
? « i * .-
So
a
* n
ft
¦ . c"
¦ - % '
Xrtoria 29.94
Baker 29.S«S
Carson ..29.80
Eureka 30.10
Fresno 30.00
Flagstaff 29.78
Pccatello. Ida.29.S0
Independence .29.78
Los Angeles... 30. 02
Phoenix ...... 29. 78
Portland 29.04
Red Bluff 29.98
RoFeburs 30.02
Sficramcnto ..30.04
Ea.lt Lake 29.76
San Franclsco.30.14
S. L. Obispo. .30.10
Sun Diego ....30.0*5
Seattle 29.92
Bpckane 29.02
Nc»ih Bay 29. S8
Walla Walla. 29. 90
TVlnncmucca .29.82
Yuma 29.62
80
4S
54
R4
76
€6
54
72
70
S6
54
C2
52
62
64
r.c»
70
64
5<i
56
50
5S ¦
54
88
40 .
34
42
48
52
2S
42
54
52
56
44
60
44
50
40
60
44
56
40
3tj
42
42
44
50
Nff
S »
w
¦w
sw
sw
w
w
. TV
. EW.
N •
SW
E
SE
W
W
w
s
sw
B
S
SW
w
Cloudy .30
Pt Cldy .22
>Tt Cfldy T.
Cloudy j .SO
Clear .02
Pt Cldy .00
Rain T.
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ..00
Cloudy .22
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .24
Cloudy .03
Rain .60
• Pt Cldy .03
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .10
Cloudy T.
Rain .22
Pt CldyT.
Cloudy -T.
Clear .00
Ten;
•erat
re at
m
50
a.
Wheat?- NO. 2- OPen - I-W -- Cl0Se -
May • 74% 74% UU ' 7414
July ;••• 75% 7«y* 75%~ 74%
3e K b Na^ 75 ' 75% 74% 75 *
May ........... 62% 02% 61 % 61 ai
July ..¦.:.... .t. 04 0414 63 63%
September..... 03 63^ C2% 62^
¦ Oats, No. 2-~"
May 42V» ; 42% 41^: 41%
July (old)...... 34% 35ft 34% 34%
July (new) .... 36% 36% 30V4 36$
September (old). 30 30^4 20% 203?
September (new) 31% 31% 3lii '.' 3i{?
Mess sork. per-bbl— '*
May ...10 67% 16 75 16 55 16 55
July .......:.. .16 00 16 95 16 SO 16 80
September .....17 07% 17 07% 16 »5 10 95
Lard, per 100 Jbs —
May ........... 0.05 10 00 0 87Vi- 9 87%
July..... 10 02% 10 07.% 0 07% 10 00
September . 10 15> - 10 07% ' 10 07% 10 07%
Short ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ ' ¦ ¦ • "'¦'"
May..... 0 37% 0 37% 9 35 9 35
July ........... 0 42% 9 47% 0 40 ,040-
September ..... 9 52% 9 65 0 00 9 50
ETATION&
d
S
1
2 k g
Sa. Sa $1
Bg 5 3 sS.
si sa : §
2. » ! °
| IL .: J
? « i * .-
So
a
* n
ft
¦ . c"
¦ - % '
Xrtoria 29.94
Baker 29.S«S
Carson ..29.80
Eureka 30.10
Fresno 30.00
Flagstaff 29.78
Pccatello. Ida.29.S0
Independence .29.78
Los Angeles... 30. 02
Phoenix ...... 29. 78
Portland 29.04
Red Bluff 29.98
RoFeburs 30.02
Sficramcnto ..30.04
Ea.lt Lake 29.76
San Franclsco.30.14
S. L. Obispo. .30.10
Sun Diego ....30.0*5
Seattle 29.92
Bpckane 29.02
Nc»ih Bay 29. S8
Walla Walla. 29. 90
TVlnncmucca .29.82
Yuma 29.62
80
4S
54
R4
76
€6
54
72
70
S6
54
C2
52
62
64
r.c»
70
64
5<i
56
50
5S ¦
54
88
40 .
34
42
48
52
2S
42
54
52
56
44
60
44
50
40
60
44
56
40
3tj
42
42
44
50
Nff
S »
w
¦w
sw
sw
w
w
. TV
. EW.
N •
SW
E
SE
W
W
w
s
sw
B
S
SW
w
Cloudy .30
Pt Cldy .22
>Tt Cfldy T.
Cloudy j .SO
Clear .02
Pt Cldy .00
Rain T.
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Clear ..00
Cloudy .22
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .24
Cloudy .03
Rain .60
• Pt Cldy .03
Clear .00
Cloudy .00
Cloudy .10
Cloudy T.
Rain .22
Pt CldyT.
Cloudy -T.
Clear .00
Ten;
•erat
re at
m
50
a.THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL,; THUKSDAYy MAY- 1, 1902.
12
SAM . FBAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, : corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. -
200 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.- y : J<.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
19U MiEEion etreet: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m. ''..,'.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p.m. .
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p.'m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. ,
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
a" SPECIAL meeting of San JCr^T'
Frai.clt-co Consistory No. 1, jrfC"vaA/>A
A. and A. ScotUFh Kite of /!W\S\ < £^»
Freemasonry will be held in f/aaSa'Af-iJili
Commandery Hall. Masonic m r^|T« /W
- Temple. on THURSDAY W
EVENING, May 1, ISHtt, at
7:30 o'clock, lor transaction of
business. . v^.-«t.
HENRY BURNER,. Registrar.
A REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. •»*
Scottish Bite of Freemasonry, will be ft
held in Commandery Hall. Masonic /*«
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. CsuJT
May 1 lt»02. at 8 o'clock. . Fourth Degree.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R, A.' M.— •
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:^U o'clock. Business if IT
K. A, Desree. By order of the H.jP./»'
JNO. R. HILLMAX. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F.' and A. •
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, May 1, at 7:30 o clock. TC3r
Stated meeting. By order of the / w l
Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. M. m
—Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7 :'M o'clock. By order XX
of the W. M. *~*
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M. — m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7::>'J o'clock. By order 55^?
of the Master. *^r '
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodsre No. 15. I. <^O^ fr
0 O F.— Initiation TO-NIGHT.
May 1 1902. Visiting brothers 5S»»»=5r
cordially invited. „
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. N. G.
W. W. CROSS, Recording Secretary-.
WESTERN ADDITION Lodge No. <«£iW^
•2s:> 1. O. O. F., Seventh and
Market sts. — Initiation THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING. May "*>/»W 1
1 Visitors cordially Invited.
A. M. BRAND. N. O.
FRANCO-AMERICAINE Lodge No. «^{^«^.
2d7. I. O. O. F. — Officers and
members are requested to attend
meeting on THURSDAY EVEN- • / '"~
IXG May 1 at 8 o'clock. Initiation.
J. MERRINE. K. G.
A. T.EON AURADOU. Sec.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the stockholders of the United Crude Oil
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 418 Parrott building, in the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY. May 13. 15*02. at 12
o'clock noon for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
• year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
•<w> WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
ing from $500 to $1000 per month; we want 20
more everywhere; our local agents are mak-
ing from $5 to $15 per day; we want 50 more;
not like canvassing; pleasant occupation:
everybody will cive you an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call en
or address W. B. AMES. 701 Haywaxd build-
ins. California and Montgomery sts.. S. F.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to^ sell stock
in successful manufacturing business; salary
and commission to right party. Apply at 34$
McAllister Et. . • --
AGENTS — Do you want eomethilig more profit-
able and easier to- sell than books or Insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bids.
AGENTS wanted by manufacturing company
-in this city; a proposition to right party:
men or women. Apply at 346 McAllister st.
LADIES — Start in business at home; quick
sales and big profits: make $25 per week.
Call at room 122. 1236 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
ao advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a 6peclalty;quick;qulet;
ao charge without success; established 18 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket Kt_; consultation free; no fees In advance.
UICYCLES — For Sale or Exchangre.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st.
__ BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of eong.
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pei stock.
c*L£es, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market gt..bet.8th&9th.
ROEISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
UUSINESS CHANCES.
A— «950; SALOON in wholesale district? Ten!
$42 50; place is eslabl. for many years and
doing a cood paying business; only reason
for eale mariners boucht hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WiLKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and too:
btore doing a large business; location first
class; rent«low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take Etock. Call R. G,
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $550; DELICATESSEN and fancy groeen
store; no better location In this city; livlns
rooms; a good paying business. Call R. G~
WILKE. gts',£ Keamy et.
A RARE chance for lively and honest man
the whole or half interest In old established
saloon; in first-class location; price $800
. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt
A — $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et. ; established for years and known as flrsi
class paying proposition; rent $175; retun
rent $»»; investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny et.
A — $1100; COR. grocery and bar. with living
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mis
sion; rent $45; a good paying business. Cal
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A — $1500; SALOON, few doors from Marke
et. ; first-class paying; established years: ren'
$45: elecant fixtures: large stock. Call R
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $4200; ZJAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta
male depot, clearing $400 per month: ren
$130; no better investment In any kind o
business. Cell R. G. WILKE. 2«% f Kearny
THE Inventor of a new and rapid process o
separating gold from dry places, without th
use of water, desires to interest some on
with capital In order to place the same oi
the market: Its value can be seen at one
by any practical man. TOMLINSON & CO
105 Ellis £t.. room 10. .
$200 — PARTNER wanted In old ¦ establishe*
commission office, paying well; sickness th
only cause of selling: no experience neces
Gary- TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St., r. ll
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurant!
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands an
many other business chances for sale; als
city and country real estate for sale o
exchange.' Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR, 1)27 Market st.. room 20?
. ARE you looking for the best interest on you
money? We have the best proposition ere
offered to the public, where there is no ris
and your money Is always at your disposs
and will draw an average of over 4 per cer
per week. Just think of it; more than yo
g-pt In the bank In one year. We Invite yo
all to our office v.'here we will give you fu
particulars. Remcmbfr you can invest froi
. HO up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE Af
SOCIATION. suite C15. Emma Sprecke]
building, treasurer's department; open ever
ings 7 to S.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach peopl
with money to Invest In a company ownln
a mountain of low-grade rold-bearing or
Fi:perlor to Treadwell mine of Alaska; dlv:
dYnds will run lifetime beginning 3 month
after mill starts If you wish to represer
or invert- In a paving proposition addre>
loom 412. Parrott bldg.. Pan Francisco. Ca
$:M0 — PARTNER wanted In lirht buMnesi
• 'ii'tfi to plain, steady man satisfied with $1
to a week; no experience required; n
night or Sunday work; trial- given before yo
buy. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
' $3r.i>— RESTAURANT, centrally located: rer
$30; daily receipts $2 to $25; trial allowec
sells at sacrifice, on account of other bus
n«?s. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
J!#— 30 'cigar stands:- prices, $73 to $2000;. renf
tc, to ?123 monthly: profits, $2 to $7 dallj
HEDGES. 4«l-4«2 Parrott WJfi..' £25 . Marke:
CARPET' BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULD ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market. bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 291^.
•ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY' Steam* Carpet-beating Works, -r- G. - H.
. STEVENS, Mgr., 3S-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN-S Superior ' Carpet-beating ; Works.
. :;33 Golden. Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. ¦'
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. ' 1512 Polk;
j tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop.?.-
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74-'
-¦" DENTISTS.^ '''iJ^ii^L^
A^DR T. S. HIGGINS. !)27 Market St.,- Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
' ings, $1; gold and porcelain- crowns', $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
.: I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
x and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
'derful secret, painless method; 20 "ears' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady * attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7 Flood bldg. ; • extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50
' up; office hours. 0 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors: skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant.* R. C. ANDER-
SON.D.D.S.. proprietor - and manager. :
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
(warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth 6t
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary St.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. --
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. ¦ ¦ - : - - - ' '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing: $1 per year.
DRESS31AKERS AND SEAMS/TRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. '-,„„
HEALD^S^SCHobL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. " ' . .
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 723 Market St.; pays for
the combined commercial and shorthand
courses; new. typewriter's; positions secured;
catalogue free. ¦
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Indorsed by
nil expert court reporters, wilV> remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st.. on or about May 1.-1902.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; 1 catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . ¦ •'
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, 'mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall,
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new GO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure ppsltlons; 34
good positions In March; rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, ! 1236 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College; 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
. Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
! SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
i of Languages,320Post ;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West.deslres pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHT & typewriting; individual ln-
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by . mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar, i Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S; F.;
founded 18(53; new 80-page cataloguo free.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in . the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid. . i ¦¦-'•
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
priced. J.E.Upphoff.565 Mission: tel.John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ~~~
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleaning,' cooks
and waiters furnished at short- notice. Geo.
Kinoshlta, 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable • help.
CHINESE and Japanese - Employment Office —
' Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. ; tel. *. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post; GEO. AOKI: tel. Bu3h 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315. Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nege help. 42G Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
EMI'LO YMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN with child as housekeeper, $15; laun-
dtess, $25; cook and second girl, same house,
$30 and $25; 0 second girls, $25 each; house-
girl, 3 in family, $30. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. ,,.¦¦' :
ELDERLY educated energetic lady ' would - ac-
I cept position as useful companion with refined
'lady without children or chaperon with moth-
• erly care to youn£ lady; . capable of manag-
ing rooming or boarding house, or. house-
keeper where servants are kept; unquestion-
able ref. ex. MRS. J. H., 21 Taylor st. r.:
RESPECTABLE lady, kind to children, wishes
position as housekeeper, or to cook for. men.
Call 68 to 76 Ellis St., room 131; from 1 tc
4 n." tn. " . "" . . ¦¦-'..-
FIRST-CLASS maid and upstairs English girl
wants position; state wages; no objection, to
leaving city; have good reference. Box 1542,
Call'. office..- ¦
WANTED— By a reliable woman, -a- situatlor
to do general housework; wages from $12 tc
$15. Apply for 2 days at .759 Mission st. ;
no postals. ..
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation I tc
do light housework; best of references.- 180-1
'Howard st.. ' . . ;. , >. . .. .
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation to cook
for'2 or'3 in country or*as' working house-
keeper. Box 1, 100 Eleventh st.
GIRL of IS desires situation to assist in house-
work. Call at 1028 Montgomery ,st.
POSITION to cook In small ¦ hotel - or for mer
on ranch.' "Address 933 Mission st. . :
RESPECTABLE. lady, first-class cook,- best o)
references, : , with . :t-year r old child. wishes
:• position through ' the summer to . take can
of residence and make herself generally use-
ful. Box 1507. .Call office.
A" GOOD reliable woman would' like "chambei
. work In rooming 1 ; o? lodging house; ;woulc
\take housekeeping rooms in part payment foj
work.. 'Address M. M.,' 1 box 1518,. Call. 1 • t .
RESPECTABLE Eastern lady desires posltlor
¦ as housekeeper In -hotel or for elderly people
Box lCSl.'Caft office.- ¦ ¦ . ' .
WANTED— -By. a' German lady. * a • position : ai
a nurse.' "Address MRS. -SCHRADER, 2540 V
'Bush st. (rear house). - ¦-..";- . ' , .-_¦•_ ¦-. '
A WOMAN . wishes, housework • by - the I month
sleep 'home? Address Box : 801, •' Call office
SITUATION wanted to do : general -house worl
¦ or cooking; wages $30.-. Box 1514,'Cairofflce
A 1 REFINED middle-aged Eastern lady desire;
V position • as ,: housekeeper: ''would-; so out" o
,.^town; no trlflers."; -.Box lCOrj,-- Call. .;=- ,
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.t' ntar Mar
ket— 200 rooms: -25c to $1 50:perNilght; $1 5(
, . to $6 week ; convenient and respectable ; ¦ fre<
'. • bus end baggage to and : from . ferry. .. ,
WANT, ads'and subscriptions ; taken - f or ••• Th(
¦. Call at Eaton's Bazaar. Ci9 McAllister nt. .
A- PR ANCH office for Call ' advertisements •' anr
subscription' has been established -at 109!
. :• Va'-encia s* . ' ' ... " - . - ; :
I ': EMPLOYMENT ¦•..WASTED MALE. -
¦GENERAL building?; estimator .. and ; superin-
.V Undent from the" East would engage, to do
extra work ¦ in lines named for contractois
'.-¦; requiring prompt services; will also make cost
' estimates . of projected -buildings for owners
'. and architects' for small fee. ' Box 1505, Call.
POSITION as ranch foreman; 20 years' ex-
: perienee; understands stock/ grain and fruit;
' also engineering , and , blacksmithing.. ¦£&>>¦•[
dress, 10 Merrlttst. .;•.. ¦.'¦.-•- .':¦
SOBER, elderly man wishes a.posl-
: tion ; where • he ' can ' ' earn moderate wages ;
handy at most anything. ' Address box 1541,
Call office. 1 .. . ¦_; • .-• -•,.- -.-; ••••--.¦'..¦¦:-: /'.;.¦,
A, YOUNG man having practical iknowledge of
. electrical engineering • wants situation' with
electric light or power company; -wages- no
object. .Address A. Z., box 1544, Call office.
A COMPETENT, reliable man » wishes a posi-
tion to take care of horses or garden;. careful
¦ driver; • can . take, care of < stable; references.
..,T. 'S...250 Shipley st.' '¦-¦ ¦ ¦¦'.'-. ¦; .- . -'-. ¦¦
SITUATION wanted as day or night watch-
-. -man; best references, j . Box 1524, Call office.
SOBER young man, age 26,: wishes situation;
gardener, care horses; city or country; four
• years last place; best of references. ! S. U.S.
A., box 170S.. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like a position in a
' grocery store and can give city references.
Box 1519. Call. . >: ' . - - - ' :.-.- • v'-"
1 IRST-CLASS machinist with experience at
any kind of floor or bench work would like
situation. .Box ¦ 1520, Call . office.
MAN, age 30, desires position of any \ kind.
Box 1495. Call office.; ''¦'• '
RESPONSIBLE married man, strictly sober
and honest, would like to: have . a position
of trust or .night watchman; good references.
Box 4270, Call offfpe. Oakland.
• COMPETENT j experienced traveling salesman
1 wants position; liquors or tobacco preferred.
Box 1695. Call office. . '-¦ .'.'¦-•'.¦ :'"¦' - ' --
WILLING and strong Japanese wishes to take
care of garden or horse; speaks English. < 8.'
FURUYA, 41SA Post st. 1 : '. "
A BRANCH; office for Call advertisements and
\ subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia' st. ;..: '-V. .-, - -. . ¦ - ; - - ¦- ¦ ¦ -¦
COMPANIES incorporated antl financed; U. 8.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
sition; to guarantee i stock issues of - new. en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
.American plan; send for the "Pacific States
. Investor," an up "to, date financial -paper;
we | have ' always opportunities j for investors
• to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions: correspondence solicited. Pacific
. States Mining and. Investment Co., 326 Post
St. : established 1892. "-.
'-'.'. : -' FLATS TO LET. . .
$8— 3-ROOM flat, Linden ave., $14 — 3-room flat,
bath, gas. -Key 524 Fell st.
MODERN flat,~6 rooms bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st. ' ¦- ; ;
I PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. : Owner. 2134 Pine.
SUNNY bay-window flat; 3 rooms, ; bath, gas ;
| - suitable for 2; key at 524 Fell.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
A— NEWLY furnished flat of five rooms, all
complete for housekeeping, at 38 McAllister.
GOLDEN GATB, 1517 — 1 rms.; bath ;gas range;
garden; $25;: lower, flat,; 2 rms.; $12 50; 1 to 4.
POLK, 1002 — Flats j of 2 to 5 rooms for hpuse-
,, keeping; complete. ',
": FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i 5-ROOM flat of furniture for sale; good as new;
on Jessie St., near Sixth; rent $20. Inquire
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.. 1015 Market.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
' range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
816 ELLIS; furniture of 3 rooms; piano, sewing
| machine, etc.; price $300. Call and see.
FURNITURE WANTED. V
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. .;¦'
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best in the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave. ¦
, HELP WANTED — FEMALE. :
a¥ : c7rT1iaNSEN & CO.'S i:. . . .429 Bush st.
r- • • • ¦ HOTEL • DEPARTMENT -.".
2 pantry women; ........... .....a...:.. .$25
2 women . for scrubbing $20
: Woman to cook vegetables .$35
. ' Head .waitress, \ city, commercial hotel.'. .$30
All for gentlemen's club, : south, • fare • •ad-
vanced. -.'.- .......' ............
5 waitresses, summer resort, short dis-
tance.': ..."... . .' . . . . . ; ; .". ." - . . . . ; . .;.... ..$25
Pantry woman,' springs. '........$20
¦ : Waitress, mountain resort, .fare one. way.. $20
Waitress, Santa Cruz Mts.,: fare one way. .$20
50 waitresses, city, country, resorts. ..$20-$25
......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cook and second girl, American family, Oak-
: . land, . $35-$25; : chambermaid ¦ and laundress,
ranch cook, $25, fare paid; cooks, house-,
girls, second girls, nurseglrls. city and coun-
try. $10-$30. . . . r. . . .....*..".. .'..".....
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ..429" Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
TWENTY-FIVE waitresses; first-class springs
and summer resorts; $25 and $20. - I
¦¦, MRS. M. E. DAY. ..:...•.... ......335 Geary.
SIX waitresses; first-class city hotel; $25.' "
MRS. M./E. DAY ....335 Geary.
TWO neat young salesladies who live at horn-'
¦ for candy store; no experience necessary; $7
week. : MRS. M. , E. • DAY. 335 Geary.
WANTED— 4 cooks, - no ! wash, $30 and $35 : 8
second girls, $20, $25; 2 nurse girls,' $15, $20;
¦ 10 hotel and restaurant waitresses, $20, $25;
2 hotel cooks. $25. $30; 40 housework girls,
$25,- $30; 8 chambermaids, wait one meal,.
$20 ; laundress, $30 ; - all • kinds of housework,
good wages, city and country. I J.' F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St. . '. ¦ - ..¦¦;¦'. -¦ :
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS \ & CO.. 32% - . FREMONT
ST.;. MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl, wanted to assist In light house-
keeping and. help take care of baby: wages
$10 month. : The Gladstone, 706 Polk St.,
rooms .4 and 5. ' _ • > •
A STENOGRAPHER •" and -. typewriter - with
practical business experience. WIESTER &
. CO., 22 Second st. • : • . '
A CATHOLIC, girl for general ¦ housework;
small family in Alameda; must furnish ref-
erences; wages • $20. ¦'•] Box 1502, . Call. ' . .'..
GIRL attending school wanted to run errands
for good home in i refined family. ¦ : 1610%
¦:;BuBhst.y' . -. .. ¦ .':-'. ":¦ ¦•- ¦¦¦¦¦'. •¦ r :':-' -¦¦•/v.-.
WANTED — Neat young .lady to collect and
assist- in office work; hours 7 to 5:30 o'clock;
, wages §6 per week. -Box 1523, Call. . -.
LADY, of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good - opportunity for right party.
F. FERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
GIRL, experienced, , to repair gentlemen's cloth-
Ing. , California Clothing Renovatory, 287
CiiO'Farrell"st.,V.>,: ; ¦ ".. ? ¦' " '''.•7*'; : 'i
GIRLS to band and bind gloves. A. S. BLOCH
CO., 60S Fourth St.; ,
WANTED — Good laundress:' assist chamber-
work; f amil y 3. i 2319 •¦ Buchanan ; 9-12. 5-6.
FIRST-CLASS waist maker; steady work. Ap-
ply 131 Post St., room ' 10.' : ' ' ¦
SEW1<JRS . on waists I and wrappers,'- good pay.
,'¦'• at 2700 Mission. St., corner Twenty-third.
*A YOUNG -girl to assist with, two children; a
¦• good home. Call at 3953 25th at.; nr. Church.
BONNAZ operators on: cording and " braiding.
¦ : Parisian Embroidery . Works, 630 Market St. .
A NEAT girl for second work and sewing." 1180
- O'Farrell st. ,. ¦/¦., .-*;",. ¦¦'¦ ;'¦¦"' - ¦:¦'
WANTED— Waitress ¦ at 1007 Market tt.
NEAT girl . to assist with children ' and < mend-
; Ing, Institution; wages $15 month." 512 Minna.
WANTED — First-class ' seamstress % for - cloak
.-. and ' suit' alterations. »: Apply between ; 8 . and
lla.m.^at HALE BROS'. ' ' . > '.:
i HOTEL v housekeeper,- ! experienced* only, ; with
. full ' particulars, age,' references, ".etc. Apply
box U09, Call' of lice. •'¦ . '
WANTED— Cook for ; country hotel; ; Central
y- Hotel;' Haywards.r-' .:, - - , ,
• A WOMAN- who Is ..bright land -dresses neatly
1 to travel for wholesale, house. Box 1516, Call."
KXPERIENCED girl wanted ; to. lining paper
•? in a trunk factory/ ,820 Howard , st; ;
WANTED— Girl * to Assist *: In - general. "house-
; :~ work.- '418 Brannan^st.'t-' r -'- ' V- V
TAILORESS ¦ 6nV custom coats; steady work;
. ; - good pay. ., 533 Natoma . st. ' ,
WANTED— Experienced waist and skirt hands.
i. Slt'J ; Ellis! st. \'. ' -*h •.¦ :-'..' :. :
. GIRL : for light housework . and assist .with ln-
I;. f ant. :^ 1008. Flllmore .-Bt.. -
:¦.. riELP • -WAKTEp^.gEJMALE-^Coa. .' ;
GIRLS ABOUT 16 , YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING^ WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
. ST. ; MR. DAVIS. - £'¦»¦ •
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hairdressing. manl-
I curing, . massage and hair, work; only 2 weeks
bring , ad : costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
' .¦ tlons waiting; . private 'customers | assure $50
to $75 per month; day. and evening class.
.College.' 233 Geary St.; .'room*' 13-15. -
OPERATORS and . girl's to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, Gough and Grove . sts.
WANTED— : Af- woman as partner ¦¦> in branch
..bakery find notion store; one .who ls;Willlng
¦ ', - to - cook for ' a | few mem at noon ; no cooking
' Sundays. , Box 1521,' Call of fice. :
EXPERIENCED operators* on ladles' , under-
' wear.' 656 Mission st.,: third floor.
EXPERIENCED.' operators on ladles' over
8 • skirts; good pay." 656 Mission st.,'; third floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
' . good pay. - 656 Mission st., third floor. " ..
EXPERIENCED ironer. 656 Mission St.. third
...floor. '. : :. -"- . . ¦ -...'...'. .-¦- ¦ .'
WANTED-^-Experlenced - saleswoman. - ¦-' Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
TAILORESS and finisher on coats; » steady
work. 021 Howard st. , .
WANTED— A number of -reliable lady solic-
itors, of ¦ good standing . for -first-class enter-
prise.' Box 1694. Call off Ice;- •
Hairdresslng, massage, j manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc. ; 2 wks.,$5. College,1236
Market.- rm. . 04; splendid, position; day, eve.
WANTED— A' girl for ~ general housework and
.' cooking.' 611 Van Ness ave. -, •
AN operator on pants'; steady work. 36 Geary
,. st., room 33. , ' - ¦-.. .-;
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
, CO. -Apply at factory, 27 Geary at. „•%*
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
'. CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Experienced I shlrtmakers. i EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st. :. . ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore £t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • .: --..¦¦-¦•. ..-;¦.
. ¦ -HELP WAXTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.634-636 Clay Street ............
........... 300 R. R. Men..............
............... FREE FARE .'.'. .*...........'
......... . .SANTA FE R.R. '. • . .
men to work In section, : steel ballast and
track gangs on the Santa Fe system. . ;
...'..,.: Ship Dally V.......V.......
:...... .STATE OF NEVADA— FREE. . . . . ...
• 250 teamsters, Nevada....;. ...'..'.. .$2 25 day
j 500 laborers. Neyada $2 day
150 rockmen, Nevada.... -..•..... $2 25 to $2 50
. ...;.. -.Ship Morning and Night— Free..
W:.:, CARPENTERS— FREE FARE ......
* ....... MECHANICAL HELP .....;....
3 \,more carpenters to , build - boats, scows,
barges, other work, wages $82 50 and found,
.free farer*l bridge carpenter, free fare, $3 25
day; 2 ship carpenters, free • fare; 5 carpen-
ters, city job, $3 50; blacksmith, small coun-
try shop, no shoeing, $40 and found; black-
smith, \ carriage and wagon work, > $3 day;
sticker hand, city planing mill, $3 to $3 50'
day? machine hands, furniture factory; 2 car-
riage painters, country, shop, $3 . day; young
- man with some experience at painting, $2 day
..'..... .MISCELLANEOUS
Driver, delivery wagon, city, $10 week, refer-
ences; laundry man, $30 and found; assistant
. gardener, German, $25 and found; 4 stable-
-men, $40, $50 and $60; stableman for ranch,
I see boss here, $25 and found ; 3 brick molders,
. $75; 3 brick setters, $75; 10 laborers for brick
, yard, $60; choreman and wife, $45 and found;
2 men and wives; 1000 laborers for different
places in mines, quarry, construction and other
work, wages $30 to $75 and found..
........ SAWMILLS AND WOODS ... .
: 3 lumber graders, $48 and found; 3 shingle
packers, $30 to $65 and found; 150 laborers
for different mills, yards and woods, $30 to
" $75 and found; log sniper, $65 and found;
gang edgerman; 1000 woodchoppers, tlemak-
,'ers — big prices
......... .FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC. . ....
;.V... .HOP FIELDS— FRUIT PICKERS
15 more men and boys to work in: hop fields,
hoeing, . trailing and making themselves gen-
• erally useful, ' $37 50, no experience required;
10 men to. pick and thin fruit, $30 and found;
175 farm hands for different- jobs,' $25 to $40
' and found; 51 milkers. $30 to $40 and found;
3^ butter . makers ; -4 cheese. makers; 18 chore-
.' men, farms and private places, $25 to $35 and
B found; 16 choreboys, $15. to $25 and found; 6
; boys - for 'same fruit farm, 1 ; $15 :and found;
stableman,' ranch, see boss • here, ¦¦• $25 'and
found ; 5 men to plant sweet potatoes, $30 and
• found ....¦..". .^....'...r. .:..;¦.".¦..'.;.:....
' HOTEL DEPARTMENT
..'...Cooks, Waiters, Laundry Help, etc....
17 hotel and restaurant cooks; 23 waiters; 15
kitchen hands; 16 dishwashers; cook for
-ranch, see boss here, $30 and found; cook, 7
men. on dredger. $25 and found; cook, small
Institution; laundry, small institution, ¦ $30
and found, easy job; young, man ,to : assist
cook, R.'R. camp, free fare, $35 and found;
butcher, city hotel, $35 and found. MURRAY
. & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
STABLEMAN and driver, private family. $25
and found; married farmer, $35 and free rent;
5 milkers, $30 and found; farmers,' $25, $26,
$30 and $35 and found; 3. farmers and wives,
$40 and $50 and found ; teamsters, $1 25 day
and board;. 2 men to thin fruit,' $1 day and
board; 2 teamsters and laborers, $45; boy: to
- work on milk wagon; $20 and- found; groom,
$.10 and found; cheesemaker, $40 and found,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento "st.
CARRIAGE woodworkers, painters, black-
. smiths and helpers at good wages; 2 carpen-
ters, country, . $3 50 day; 3 rough carpenters,
long job; bench hand, $3 50 day; edgerman,
$3 day, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
'628 Sacramento st. ' - - .
5 LUMBER PILERS, $60, fare advanced; car-
penter for mill, ¦> fare advanced; . 4 drillers,
•$2.25 day, free fare; 7 laborers for mine, $2
day; miners. $2 75 day, . and others.' J. F.
. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. : - -,
2 RESTAURANT cooks, $70 and $40; board-
ing-house cooks, $35 and $40 ; cook for ; men,
' $40; hotel waiter,' $25; elevator boy, dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st. . . . ,-:.;. ¦
WANTED— An errand boy for this office. -J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third St., near Call Bldg., phone Bush 405.
......... RAILROAD LABORERS .....'....
. 'FREE' FARE .....' .......FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers. .......... .$2 25 day
50. concrete men. ........... ....$2 25 per day
\- : ...:..US.: P. Co.'s own work, .south. .......
20 men for extra' gangs...... '......';.;;....,.
FREE FARE..:........... FREE FARE
;.;'.-¦ SHIP DAILY. '
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands, and men for lumber woods,
$30 to $65 .month and board,' fare advanced.
• 20 railroad laborers.'... $30 per mo. and board
Edgerman .Y; ...........'.'... ,'. h '. . . .$3 per day
10 lumber pliers and loaders. ..... .$2 per day
.': Man on log, deck... ..."....$2 25 per day
¦ Man on jump saw...'. ............ .$2 per day
' ¦ 5 teamsters,' ditch . work, country. . . ; ; ...'....
'.....:.'.....:...'..... $30 per month and board
: Horseman to. handle stallion, $30 and found;
i ' cooks, waiters, "porters and dishwashers, city.
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY , 59 Third st.
MRS. M. - E. DAY. . . .". . . . 1 ". . .Phone Main 1575
Head waiter, , commercial hotel. : ..':... ...$40
S Porter, first class springs..:.' .$20
¦/: Porter, , summer resort:':...... .$20
. "Pantryman, first-class hotel... .:..'... ... .$30
. 2 pantrymen -for silver pantry- ....'.. :*. : . .$30
Waiter,' small experience, 1 for help's hall.. $30
¦ Dishwasher, small i restaurant, -week. ... $6 50
MRS.'M. E.'DAY. . . ..... .... ... ..335 Geary
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Man to milk
r cows, t make - butter, i etc. . $30, private . place ;
• coachman, $-10; : gardener i for .-• nursery, - $25;
':. waiter," coffee house, $40; teamster, $35;, pan-
tryman,". $5 a* week ; waiter for resort, $20;
,' dishwasher, $30; -.dishwasher, $25. - -
A— MIDDLE-AGED man for light work,' $15 to
• $20. MRS. ? N0RTON,' 313 ¦ Sutter: st
LIVELY. "i man ; to sell - goods l from ..wagon to
• t barbers.,bootblack8. stores ; small wages and
: commission. " 17 Woodward ¦ ave.," near Thir-
; itoenth i and "Valencia sts. >'., ; ••: • -. ;¦
.WANTED-^-Brtght ;' bov» with knowledge;" ot
•'• stenography and .typewriting; wages $25 per
.¦¦; month ; " reply ¦ by ; letter In = own : handwriting,
. giving, age .and; references., '. Box 1500, Call.
.WANTED— 2 : bright ' errand " boys'; ' must . write
"'.wellandibeineat;- wages $15 per; month ;. re-
:. .ply by letter. ln:own handwriting, ; giving age
¦and references.--. Box. 1501,", Call office.
RELIABLE man with $125 to invest in an old-
'¦'¦, established l , business that will ' pay him $05 a
; month ; ; no ¦ experience > required ; light -work.
Apply. at,765 Market st.; room: 3. '¦'¦'¦[ ;•¦
VW ANTED— Bright 1 young man of good address
; for -'.a- respectable-: office; s can -» average.$2J
:, 'week; $300 cash required. .. 318 Kearny, rm. 1,
CUTTER ; and ' marker ; on ..overalls * and ; pants;
" must be thoroughly experienced ; - steady posl-
'.>' tlon preferences; required; .? Box 1545, Call.-'i
AMBITIOUS , and \ strong "- young y man with a
. knowledge - of > packing > candy . In i a wholesale
'¦'¦' house. -' 224 ¦ Battery st. -: t .-.¦¦-- . *
BOY In' glove factory. 1 A. S. BLOCH & CO.",
" 508 /Fourth st. < ¦¦¦¦ • <
GOOD wa lter I wanted . at 1534 ¦ Kentucky ; st. ,"/ ¦
TAILOR wanted; ; good wages; steady job. 2821
.,' Greenwich: st. v ;"j. ¦ \. ¦ ¦ - .
Solicitor. Call at J 1322 Pacific ¦ st.,
."between S and 10 a.'m.
., :.. ..aiEDICAL.- /
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies., all who are sick -or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female - complaints;
1 1 menstrual female complaints positively cor-
i r«;ted; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
[ cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obatinata
'cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. O" DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. Sth.
MRS D KOHL— Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008% Market St., ' opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
¦i 1st; -30 years,' experience. • removed to IOCS 1 !
Market St., opp. Sth; houra 9 to 5^ and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero st.. near 18th—
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin: has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases: takes
: .ladies before and during confinement; best
motherly care; infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
f ore going elsewhere. Phona Blue 411.
' IF in doubt, nay, If in distress, try Klnney*s
Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy — the famous
. *'K. R. K. R." Nothing like it on this coast
or any coast; mail direct toKinney Medicine
Co., Los Angeles; 75c in stamps for a bottle;
we name muscular rheumatism, sciatica and
grave urinary trouble which it will cafe.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
122S.to 1126 Market st. * .
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable special*
1st; maternity hospital; home for infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private 'home before and during
I confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES-^Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
DR. ROSEN, 1007% Market st.. nr. Sixth.
treats ladies only; relief In all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite-
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs : __
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIJJ-
TOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont at.
MUST be sold to-day, ona ton lxlS-lncb. boards,
planed; 300 sets brass trimmings for poles;
wire mattress bedstead, lot picture frames,
all size*. JONES. 668 Mission St.. base-
ment, 10 and 5 to-day. .
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps, dy-
namos, motors, water pipe, belting bought.
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 130-133
Beale st. . - ¦ •
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
5 gin«s. boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
/ etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th*
.-' Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
WOULD like to sell marquise diamond ring,
diamond earrings and 'diamond pendant; no
dealers. Box 1531. Call office.
WANTED to sell good collection of postaga
Etamps. containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELJX, 419 Sutter st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora huts, $1 75. Popular
Price Hattera. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress panta, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
NEW steam beer pump for sale; cheap; also
'furniture and carpets. Inquire ~1607 Folsom.
WESTINGHOUSE alternating current motor.
2 II. P.. 2 phase; cheap. 1558 Kentucky st.
JIO^-DOMESTIC sewing machine; In good oon-
ditlon. 1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-clas* harnesa .
shop. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
DAKER & HAMILTON. ¦
SAFES— New and second band. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand mashinery.englnes and boiler*
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfsr. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving ptc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 P03t st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Bee!s st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Offlca.,25 Stockton et.; phone Bush 484. -
WANTED — A second-hand safe; give slae and
price. -Address Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
WANTED-»6everal 2 to 5 H. P. gasoline ea-
glnes. Box 1522. Call.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
PRIVATE party wants a few rire diamonds;
small or large. Box 1443. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted — 2d-band electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrtcalWks..418Tnrk.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN^^U^PBfiT^oT^oTExa^lnTrDTi
$4,500,000 at Lowsst Rates ,
......On First and Second Mortgages......
..On Life Interests In Estates........
Property Being Held in Trust «
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
- Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY ,
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT! *
First, second and third mortgage*. ..........
* Undivided interest in real estate In probate. «
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN „
..24 Montgomery st, room. 3........«
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 COO at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to salt:
City, Oakland. Town i and Country Property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties- loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; wilt pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN:
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per <»nt: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate interest In estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests. corporaUonloana. Rooms 18.
¦ 1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan In sums to suit on real estata.
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room. 10 (Glasgow
block). ¦ ¦.•--¦*¦•--: ;
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgagee and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 3&
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal:
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO........ 143 Phelan bldg.
On. furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
llable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
LOWEST rates ' on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
- ttaL . Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING.' 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no- brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos j^no com. ; privata
. party. . St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. Sth fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone - Black : 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without ¦ security.
.HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan rams to
cult; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salariecff people on note without
lndoraer. MORRELL.>609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture.* pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
: strictly private. LICK. 118 McAllister rt. .
IF you want a home I \ill loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELtV 222 Sansome it.
LOANS money, on "salary; no lndorser; Eastera
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lft pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 tw»t year.
STORAGF. AVT» WARKHOTiSRS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Stora^T&l!il>vins~Co~ of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN .WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
slonst.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.; 630 Market »t.;
.-; tel. -Main 1S4O; shipping at cut ' rates. :
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com*
i pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: rbone Jackson 281.
A — $550 — BRANCH bakery, variety ' store; 1
rms; rent $14; full value. Strand, 209 Kearny.
A — $325 — COFFEE and chop house; receipts $20
day; rent $20; bargain. Strand, 20i> Kearny.
A— $275— DELICACY store; receipts $16 day;
rent $15; bargain. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A— $175— BARBER shop, 3 chairs; clears $30
week; 3 rooms. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A — $750 — HOTEL and bar; 12 furnished rooms;
clears $150 month. STRAND. 209 Kearny SU
A— $125— FRUIT store; rent $11 50; receipts
about $12 day; bargain. Strand; 209 Kearny.
A— BUTCHER shop on Mission St., owner must
leave city, horse and new wagon, icehouse,
smokehouBS. etc., price $850. • • • Res-
taurant on McAllister st., owner sick. 2
weeks' trial Riven: saloon on Turk st. • *
Good corner, price $750. • • • Call pn
JOSEPH STRAUB..850 Market Et. ' ¦
A — $150 — PARTNER wanted: Rood place for
younK man satisfied with $15 to $20 a week.
40 , Ellis St.. room 13.
WILL pay cash for good paying restaurant or
Junch house; give full particulars. Box 1490.
ftall office. ¦ . " "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SA _ ]LB V ' .
ANY house sold on monthly payments. .
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST.
100 rooms; elegant; modern, lnvestlgate.$20,000
C5 rooms; corner; a bargain S.000
40 rooms; central; clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice ; easy terms 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400
8 rooms; downtown; clears $00 550
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only.. 225
0 rooms; corner; very good — 375
<15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only. 1,000
7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason 6t. ; clears $70. 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531,
Rms. 7-S, 906 Market St., cor. Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton Et., •
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328. .
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of x city.
SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r.; rent $30; rms. sunny; good loc.& fur.$GOO
11 r.; rent $50; Al loc. ; hardwood fur... 350
36 r.; fine loc: 45 boarders; clears $200.. 3500
Money loaned, 1% per cent. : '
GOOD transient- house; new furniture $1800
36 rms.; mechanics' hotel: man and wife 750
100 rooms. ; country; transient; low rent. 6500
>i00 rooms: corner house; for men 5000
w) rooms; offices and rooms; low rent... 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house: rent $45; bargain. 700
Mcney loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
¦ prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter.... 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make otter 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month. .
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
; 650 Market St.— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in roomlnjr-houses,- hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
'-'¦'. * Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st.
100 rooms: rent $212; modern and new S6S00
53 rooms; downtown; new; see this $4800
38 rooms; rent $S5: a money-maker $1900
34 rooms; rent $100; Just listed $1900
20 rooms: new; central: reduced to $14fiO
"STREET railway 6trike" does not change the
list of bargains offered in lodging-houses
during the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st. (uostairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts.
>"¦ Buyers, notice above announcement and
, call at his office before you buy a house.
A — Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st_. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn.; rent $55.. $850
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32 COO
This Js a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St.. room 208.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON. & CO., 105 Ellis Et., room 10
(Glascow block).
NATOMA. 217, near Third, 2 blocks from Call
— 2 flats, completely furnished, 5 rooms each,
all light, clean; gas; bath; large yard; a'
barsaln; rent $32.
75 LODGING-HOUSES for sale, from $200 to
$6000; good locations; bargains: snaps; in-
vestlgate. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house, 19 rms.; rent $75; clears $135;
. $1300. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
WELL established tobacco and cigar store; liv-
ing rooms; rent $13; must cell. 140 First st.'
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4936,
Call office.
$300 — FINELY furnished house, 8 rooms and
bath; a bargain. 5% Polk St., near Market.
HOUSE clearing $25 per month for $300.
Inquire at 102% Sixth st.
TWENTY rooms, furnished, for sale cheap.
513 Howard st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famouTlnateTiallz^
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. melum;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st.: EUU car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 005 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth St., near Guerrero.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thura.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak, circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; reading dally.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD. ¦ ,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly." gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them/Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
uu; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
- palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st;,
cor. Turk; private readings daily,' 10 a. m.~ to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life,
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR: F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206' Mar-
1 ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp (or pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 120 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 320A " Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTM AN— Readings dally. 10 a. m
to 8 p. m. ; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays an<!
Saturday. 8 p.'m. 205 Turk st.; ground floor.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous mediuir
of the Northwest: locates mines, unites- sep.
' arated, finds. treas. 1007% Mkt. parlors 7-8.
MME. ; RAVENNA reads life fluently ; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
A — Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, .watei
•reader. 11 6th: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader,- palmls-
try; truth or no pay. ' 26% Kearny, room 2
, 'CLAIRVOYANT, .card reader, from Louisiana
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2(J2 Minna St., nr. 4th
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leavei
read accura tely ; L. • 25c, G. ¦ 50c. 521 % Eddy
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant; cards
. palm., 25c; satisfaction guar. , 148 6th, r. ; 14
i LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
HAVE you been to see that "wonderfully glftec
life -reader at 1035 Market et.? ..,. - . ¦•/ •
; MRS.' BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c. cent* 5Oc; readings dally. ¦¦ 132 Sixth st
COLLECTION; OFFICES.
GEORGE W. T KELLY'S -Agency-^No~cnarg(
unlefs successful. Room 310. 02" Market Bt
' COTTAGES TO LET.,
MENLO -(Fair Oaks) — New Cottage^ 7 roomT
bath. fumlEhed. A. R. HARRISON. ,78 Geary
- /¦ HKLTP^ WA1VTEH— MALE ft< **-- l :,
A..
At C. R.; HANSEN & CO.'S. ..... 429 Bush st.
! - : New Railroad Work - '. .....
.... ...1. FORiNEVADA
2000 teamsters and laborers. $2 to $2 25 a day
; 100 concrete laborers ......$2 to $2 25 a day
'.¦• ...... FOR CH ATSWORTH PARK
- 500 tunnelmen. drillers, machine men ; and
muckers for 3 new, tunnels... $2 to $3 a day
¦500 outside laborers, same place. .$1 75 a day
................ Ship daily ,..' .....:
Free fare.. .......Free fare...:.. ..".Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... 429 Bush at.
j WANTED— For. U. S. army." ablebodled unmar-
rie<J v men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
* of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writ*
English.- For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer. 121 - New i Montgomery St.. San
Francisco, or Masonic ' building. Sacramento.
A, GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
; push; good opportunity for ' right man. F.
PERSON, room 412.' Parrott building.
WANTED — A young . butcher to work in shop
- and make sausage. Point Market, 1743 Sev-
enth St.. West Oakland. ...•-'•
BARBERS— Rare chance; must be sold; 2-chair
barber shop tn country at bargain. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on sewed and turn
: work; good wages. -.1105% Howard st." . - -
BARBER wanted for Monday, Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday. 797 Mission st.
BOYS 13 to 18 to. work In factory; apply at
once,. 100 Sacramento st. .—
'OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts. ! 656 Mis-
, sion St., third floor. . ' ,-
BOY wanted from the Mission to work in
: butcher shop. Apply 2318 Flllmore' st.
200 LABORERS AT ; HUNTERS POINT; $2
- PER DAY. CITY STREET IMPROVE-
MENT COMPANY.
WANTED— An up to date advertiser; one who
can carry pn a campaign successfully and be
able to write ads for special sales; Eastern
- man preferred; state age and salary expected;
submit sample of.work.' 7 ,- Box 1477. Call.
WANTED — Carriage woodworkers. carriage
-blacksmiths and carriage finishers at 18
- Tenth st. - ¦
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class flnan-
' clal proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.', ex. Sun.. St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237. 1606 Market st. ..--- - :
WANTED — Recruits for ¦ the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of. 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches' and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and - read English. For
- further information apply at the Recruiting
' Office, 40 'Ellis St.. San Francisco. -'. ¦ ¦
BARBER shop and bathrooms in Vallejo, doing
S a cood business; cost $1000; to be sold at
i once at a bargain. Apply JOS. R. BLEILY,
Cor.rFin. secretary J.-B., -I. V W.. 927 Market.
MEN to learn barber trade; 'barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
' LEGE. 635 Clay et. ¦ ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
•rooms; 25c per* night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Man with $200 for candy store; at-
tend cash; no experience required; $70 month.
. BROWN & CO.; 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
2 BARBER chairs and pole for sale; cheap. 17
Russ St.. flat 8. :
BRIGHT boy. for ¦ Jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 802, Call office.
BOYS wanted — Light work In cigar box fac-
tory. 723 Bryant st.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael; tel. Red 15. ¦
GOOD woodturner, * $3 a , day; . 8 ' hours' work.
547 Brannan st.
ELDERLY man wanted for selling fruit and
vegetables on wagon; waees $15 month and
found. Call bet. 7 and 9 a. m., 128 Henry st.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
BARBER shop for sale or partner; first-class
newly fitted shop in good location. Box
1679. Call. .- ¦'.- -
COATMAKERS and bushelmen for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
BOY wanted. to learn confectionery. 1205 Polk,
near> Sutter. t - ¦ ' • ' ' • . ..'.**'
100 ' MEN;"great I proposition; "call ~or"wflte;
sample 10c. NOVELTY CO.. 574 4th St.. S. F.
WANTED — Wagon -blacksmith. • 537" Brannan
- street..- ' " ' - ¦ .
FIFTY quarrymen. $2 per day. Apply 9 Sut-
ter st.. second floor.
YOUNG man .to do Janitor . work for his tul-
tlon. ' S. F. Barber College, - 741 A Howard.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Bteuart st. .
GET your shoea half-soled whiie waiting; 25c
to. 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION: atty... E. A. Bullis. room 40. PheUn
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
BOO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
60c up; eoling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. Sth.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
trfe 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptiona
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ¦
WAGO Jf S.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come anl
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 216
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Very stylish standard bred 5-year-
old bay mare, 16% hands; city broke. Box
1543, Call office. ~
FOR sale. Santa Rosa ealesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses, -new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San "Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Oolden Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
TWO . small and li large horse for sale ' at a
great Dargain; party going East. ' 237 Geary.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&ValecnU.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United".-. States . or Canada one year for $1.
postage .paid. . .¦-..-.. _^_^___
LET. •-.- • ' ¦:
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 - Ewer place. - off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
. 10 Fwer place. . .-•:,* ...,, ;,
- r _ MALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall. 1332 Howard St., bet.
-9th and 10th, for a term of years; barroom,
; large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed - therewith. For particulars address ' F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
HYPNOTISM. —
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, hypnotist:
guarantees teach these sciences In 4 lessons,
$20; past, future revealed $1. 0 Powell, rm. 6.
j - ' INVESTMENTS. '¦
THE Investors' Agency. 137 ' Montgomery st.,
¦ S. F. Call or write for . particulars.
LOST AND FOUND. ., A
REWARD -return, umbrella. '^monogram W. F.
W. on handle, lost on bootblack stand. Stock-
> ton and O'Farrell sts.. W..F. WATTSON, 22(
.Market st. - . • . -
LOST— April 26, - small black dog; long hall
ami body; brown spots; hair partly off ears'
reward. 1325 : York st. .
! LC§T— Wednesday, . small gold- open-faced
'watch; liberal reward.- 1133 ' Ellis st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
-nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
'¦ - gold and- silver ; to make new watch- cases.
'--¦"¦ I," » " SIATU1.UOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau : est. 1SS7 ; reliable and
' confidential; lists 10c. Mrs.' Hertz. "-700 Ellis.
MATTRESSES': AND PILLOWS. -
TO order; -also -cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
¦ Etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. -411 to 415 Powell
st.; tel. Bush 421a . . . .
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
, ¦", shades. J: F. Hotter, 712 Mlssion;tel.Maln 730.Mrs. Hattle.Lalng,' proprietress of the
Hotel Bohemia, ¦ at the ' corner of Post
and . Stockton streets, who was convicted
by , Judge ; Mogan ; on * a charge of batterv
upon Eola : Brusco, ¦' one • of the roomers,
was sentenced to pay -a fine of $50. Judge
Mogan remarked that it. would be a good
thing 'if the police kept if an eye on the
place, 1 " as ; from ' the evidence . it • looked aa
if the law, was being violated." He said
he understood the matter had been called
to' the attention of .the Grand Jury,, but
nothing 'had been >done. "'i-.Thei' fine.-; was
Mrs. Laing Sentenced.
DE2CAND FOB GARDENER.
A resolution offered in the Senate to-day
by -Patterson-' of .Colorado, directing- the
Secretary of -War to order by cable Major
Gardener, now in the Philippines, to come
immediately ; to Washington to. appear as
a witness before the Philippine Commis
sion, precipitated a.warm disdussion. The
debate continued : tor about Iwo hours,
much feeling being manifested on both
sides of the -chamber.- The charge was
made by the minority that the majority, of
the committee was endeavoring • to sup
press facts and information. This was de
nied by the chairman of the committee.
Lodge," who said .that any such action
would be inconceivably stupid. All
parties, he insisted, were anxious for the
fullest Information, but he and others
contended that it would not be advisable
to cable to the • Philippines for , Major
Gardener," as he was about.' to come home
and would be here In time to appear be
fore the committee. Patterson and Car
mack of Tennessee urged that Gardener's
testimony was particularly important and
that it ought to be had before action was
taken on the pending bill. The resolution
finally went over until to-morrow.
MANILA, April 30.— Lieutenant George
P.' Shields, aid de camp to General Jacob
H: Smith, testified at to-day's session of the
court-martial which is trying the general.
The lieutenant said he knew well the sig
nature of Lukban, the . insurgent leader,
who ¦ was captured February. 22 by Lieu
tenant Stedler*s Philippine scouts in the
island of Samar. The ¦ order . issued ' to
poison the natives' spears was undoubted
ly signed by - Lukban. The witness also
said Lukban confessed to him that he was
the" author of the proclamation setting
forth , that German warships were bom
barding Vipan and that the.Filipino navy
was blockading 1 Manila, which was issued
to encourage the Filipinos. ¦- . -
" The defense then rested its case and the
court adjourned until Saturday. ¦ ¦ '
"You can believe that. Believe what
you wish and I will believe what I wish."
.General MacArthur referred to his many
¦efforts to bring about a cessation of hos
tilities and stop the bloodshed. These
efforts, he said, were directed to Aguin
aldo through some of his friends, because
in his opinion Agulnr.ldo was the "incar
nation of the revolution." MacArthur
Said the disparity between the killed and
¦wounded of the Filipino and American
forces was due to the fact that the Fili
pinos knew notmng of the double sights
on the rifles.
Senator Patterson wanted to know if, as
a matter of fact, the contacts between
our troops and the Filipinos were simply
assaults and pursuits. General Mac-
Arthur denied that this was so, saying
that since the affair has reached the guer
rilla stage, the United States troops have
had the greatest difficulty, in finding the
Filipinos, so that whenever the Filipinos
attacked it was in the nature- of a sur
prise, the Filipino -posting, himself in
mountain gorges and firing first. Under
these circumstances our officers and men
would go in after them, and then the na
tural supremacy of the American showed
itself : and every ' man that could be
reached would be killed. -• \
'Responding to a question by Senator
Carmack, General MacArthur said that
when he assumed responsibility for the
methods adopted in capturing *Aguinaldo
he did so without conferring with the au
thorities at Washington. The plan was
General Funston's. he said, and he (Mac-
Arthur) assumed the responsibility of ap
proving it. At no time, said General Mac-
Arthur, replying to an inquiry from Sena
tor Patterson,, did he violate the rules of
civilized warfare. .-¦¦.-.• .'.".,...
:. General MacArthur.' was excused : until
to-morrow ¦ and the committee went into
executive session. By a strict party vote
the committee refused to subpena Major
Cornelius Gardener, Aguinaldo, " Slxto
Lopez and Mabini. The question of send
ing a sub-committee to the Philippines to
continue the Investigation was passed
over. •
"We have as much right to believe that
from an American officer .who is the civil
Governor and who is there in the province
as we have to believe you," replied Sen
ator Patterson, which brought the retort
from General MacArthur:
Replying to this statement, General
MacArthur informed Senator Patterson
that . if he preferred to believe that he
(MacArthur) could not help it.
"Thirty-three and a third per cent In
one province," remarked Senator Patter
son.
'"WASHINGTON, April SO.— Major Gen
eral MaoB-rthur to-day gave further tes
timony before the Senate Committee on
the Philippines. "¦ He j explained his state
ment made yesterday that absolute chaos
would result ' should independence be
given the Filipinos and the United Stat£3
forces be withdrawn, by saying that the
people of the Philippines, being less pre
pared for self-government and adminis
tration than any of the Latin- American
republics at the time of their emancipa
tion from Spain, their own unaided efforts
to accomplish self-regeneration would in
all probability prove abortive.
The people of the Philippines, he said,
have rudimentary ideas and aspirations
and are therefore in an essentially plastic
condition, which under the tuitionary con
trol of ,the United States would, in his
opinion," admit of rapid molding of the
body politic into a consistent, self-sup
porting, commonwealth.
Even the best thinkers; he said, among
the Filipinos have no conception whatever
of the practical mechanical efforts where
by the results they are all anxious to at
tain can be successfully accomplished.
American withdrawal from the islands
would, in his opinion, result in the perma
nent failure of republican institutions in
the East and a fratricidal war which
would continue until suppressed by some
exterior force. The broad generalization,
he said, is reached that the United States
must retain the archipelago as a tuition
ary annex; that we must plant our insti
tutions there; that we must contend for
commercial supremacy and perhaps com
bat for political supremacy to . overcome
the inherent difficulties of the situation
which will require the most profound ef
forts of constructive statesmanship. He
gave it as his conscientious belief that the
presence of the United States in the Phil
ippines is an unmitigated benefaction to
the Filipino people.
/'Do you mean the Filipino people that
are left alive after they have been sub
jugated?" inquired Senator Patterson.
MACAETHTTB'S WASH WOBDS.
General MacArthur declared that he did
not mean that there would be any. un
usual destruction of life in the Philip
pines.
"The destruction," said he, "is simply
incident to war and, of /course, embraces
a very small percentage! of the total pop
ulation, which is densc'f
"Believe What You Wish and I Will
Believe What" I Wish," the
Words Addressed to
HOTEL ABEIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C "S Davis, Kansas
E Kelley & moth. Can
O N Michelson. Mich
W Rae. Michigan \
E A Hubbard. Mass
F A Lashier, Healdsbg
F Backasson. R Vista
L P Lonea. Cal
Mrs L K Millner. Ill
J W Huston, WelUville
R McCready. Pa - I
.» > . - -
H MIchelson, Iienver .
Mrs J R Crow & son,
Leadvllle
I Ingram. Auckland '
C-T Clancy. Seattle
J Ha Id & w, Chicago
J Cord & w. Chicago
H J Arnold. Neb
F B Tuttle, Minn
C E Arnold. Vallejo
(G T Clancy. Seattle
CALL CALENDAR.
Major General Resents Re
• 'flections on Truth of
Testimony.
Soldier and Senator Have
a Lively Verbal
v oiaso. -. )
QUERRY STIRS
THE IRE OF
MACARTHUR
THE SAN FE^NCISGO CALLj f THURSDAY, MAY 1,^ 1902.
13
May, 1902. i
S. M. T. ]"YV. T. F. I S. Moon 1 a Phase*
1 2 3 |B.NewllocD,
1 _ ! 7.
_4_ 5 6 7 8 0 10
IS 19 20 21 22 23 24 22.
r-( — 1 a?- i^a3t Qr.,
| 26 | 27 | 2S | 2Qr I 30 I 31 <SiMay 3a
May, 1902. i
S. M. T. ]"YV. T. F. I S. Moon 1 a Phase*
1 2 3 |B.NewllocD,
1 _ ! 7.
_4_ 5 6 7 8 0 10
IS 19 20 21 22 23 24 22.
r-( — 1 a?- i^a3t Qr.,
| 26 | 27 | 2S | 2Qr I 30 I 31 <SiMay 3a
KEAI^ ESTATE — CITY — FOIt SALE.
Sl*i_CK _T~CO.. U<^7~MAlU-ET^ST.i
O^p. Kearny, Keal Estate A_enta
and Kent Collectors.
$175.000— Corner within 2 blocks from Market
and Powell sts. : modern brick build-
* Ing; stores and 1UO rooms; rents
about $000.
?07,_00 — Brick building; stores and offices;
lot 70xl0S ft.; 2 frontages; rents $575.
§«>«>. 000 — Half block from Orpheum; one block
from proposed- Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodglng-
* houses*.
550,000— O'Fanell-et. corner, inside of Larkln;
70x77:0 l'eet; rents $285; mortgage
?2-,0C0 can remain.
$15,000— Seccnd-t-t. comer, few blocks from
Market _t. ; partly Improved; lot 130
xlOO ft.
$35,000 — McAlli-ter-t-t. corner, S5x8S; good
improvements; rents $220.
$30,000 — Fine business . corner; 3 stores and 6
...^ flats; buildings ccst $25,000; lot C_:9x
71; rents 52450 per year. -
$30,000 — Geary St., near Jones; tlno improve-
ments; rent 5170.
$22,500 — North Beach igore corner, 75x110
feet; stores end fiats; rents- $215.
$9,000— Rents $103; lot 5OxS0: downtown In-
vestment.
$5,500 — Gcary-st. corner; C2 'feet frontage;
half of property improved; a cheap
buy.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st. residence; twelve
rooms and bathe; rents $100; near
Alta Plaza.
$6,750 — Cozy Page-st. residence, 9> rooms and
bath; lot 75x100; close to Park Pan-
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$30,000—137:0x128 feet; NW. cor. Gough st.:
marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site.
$5,000 — 100x100 feet: one block from. Golden
Gate Park.
$3,500—75x1-0 feet: Castro-st. corner: 3
frontages.
' SPECK & CO.. ' 667 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Prices are advancing rapidly. Secure a lot
without delay.
$100 to $450 — Choicest Ocean Boulevard Lots,
all bargains.
$500 to $1000 — Sunset lots our specialty, all.
graded, no one can beat us. Easy terms.
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ave., near H st.
$400 to $S00 — Choicest Richmond ' lots selling
fast. Installment-.
$1000. $1750 to $3500— Choice Cottager, all
bargains, easy, terms. •
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
Room 54. Chronicle Bldg.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM . . . .REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery St., room 11.
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500-'-Cer. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats.etc
$41.000 — Good investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Three very rtyllsh new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location: rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkln st.,
ne&r Geary; rents $70.
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; "rents $105.
$5,2M — Fine 5 and C room flats; on Stevenson
6t., near Thirteenth; rent $15.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st.. near Lyon;
fin* adjoining lot. 27:6x100; for $3000.
$1,650 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado sts.: 20:6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
1L Branch office. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave. "
LOTS $150 AND ?_50 EACH. ; '.
$25 down. $5 'and ?10 monthly.
Greatest Surprise to Purchaser*.
Have you seen our level Tract in ths Ex-
celsior Homestead? Selling very fast.
Near Mission Street and Electric Cars.
No grading, all fenced. Spring Valley Water.
Don't wait; see them to-day.
Get off Cor. Mission et. and Brazil ave.,
I walk short distance to our lots.
AL. SMITH. Local Agent. 450 Edinburgh st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
. ¦ ¦ Room 54, Chronicle Bldg.
$3000 — COTTAGE of 9 rooms and bath; Mc-
Allister st., near the park.
$4200 — House of 7 rooms and bath; house re-
ctntly renovated; Geary, west of Fillmore.
$2250 — Lot; Clayton st., near the park; 25x120.
J. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery st.
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner:
transfer point: 150x137:6. ASHTON. &
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, ' IB pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
alameda; advertisements.
ALA3IEDA KEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS! BARGAINsl _{SlGAINsP""""
$1200 buys a good cottage, 4 rooms and
bath; lot 5uxl50; a snap. ~ *
£2.00 buys S-rcom house; lot 35x150; a bar-
gain.
See the ALA?.IEDA LAND CO..
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage for sale or rent.
Apply 1522 Santa Clara ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENT-
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2750 — Fine, new modern house, 8 rooms and
b-th; large lot $0x120 feet; street work all
Cone; good view of the bay and of the
mountains; no finer, -more sheltered or sun-
nier" location in Berkeley; east of the local.
E. J. STEWART & CO., .
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$3500^ — NEW 8-room house, all modern Im-
provements; large corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE: — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: eayy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FT-TJITVALE REAL ESTATE).
THE cheapest five-acre ranch ever offered In
Frultvale; 2 acres full-bearing fruit;- fine
buildings; chicken houses, etc.; land is the
very best; must sell at once. - •¦.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
,>-.> ¦-¦ 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — 5 acres, Ro.e ave. and High st,
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary 6t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2300— ONCE SOLD FOR $4400. "
Lot 40x140; elevated ground; near business
center, cars, schools, etc. ; house ' of . five
rooms in splendid order; elegant dining room
and kitchen; finished in basement: large
barn; in a high-toned neighborhood; terms
. $500 cash; balance on mortgage; owner non-
resident and has instructed us to sell with-
out reserve; a positive bargain; seeing is
believing; call early. * ;.- ¦¦¦.
J. 8. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
' '. Oakland, Cal.
$3600— TO DUPLICATE WOULD COST $4200.
A yv seven-room house; only been occu- !
pied one year; in perfect repair; an Ideal
beauty in architectural design and flnl.h;
only three blocks from the local train and
business center; targe lot; terraced lawn; In-
terior finish in imitation of rare wood; pan-
eled Dtniar room and beamed celling; side
boards, bookcase., writing geeks, ,etcr, In
dining room; space too expensive to extol Its
many qualities. Owner's occupation com-
peU him to leave the city and prefers to
_*U instead of renting.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
<y_ Oakland, CaL
$4700— COR. 20TH AND WEBSTER.
An Ideal colonial house; 7 rooms and bath;
the very latest In everything; "large lot; «
new houses sold In this location . and only
this one left; terms $1000 cash; price Is at
least $1000 below the present market value
on account of rise in material - and ground
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
-Note— We have other choice Investments
which are not advertised. Carriages and
courteous clerks at your disposal free of
charge. .
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
_j ¦ . Oakland. CaL
$5 CASH. $2 50 monthly— 2 lots, 25x186 • price
$3tt each. ,
$20 cash. $5 monthly— Lot . 100x100; price
$250 In all. , .
$50 cash, $5 month — 1 lots, . 100x100; trees
and shrubbery: price $300. ..... ,
$75 cash. $7 50 monthly— 8 lot*, 100x200 •
fine oaks and laurel trees; price $D75:
$05 cash, $10 monthly— 200x200; price $985
in all: fine .oil; grand view; superb climate;
near electric. car line; fine school: building up
rapidly with a good class of people; no fogs
nor raw winds; adjoining East Oakland; can
or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.," oppo-
site Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free.. H. Z. JONES. Owner. .,
OAKLAND FUUKITUUE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month/- H.
SCHELLHAAS. -OS Eleventh St., Oakland.
.. •¦ ..¦-¦¦¦¦ ( -..'.
. 'SPECIAL NOTICES. .
BAD tenants ejected for Si; > collections made;-
city or country.. , PACIFIC H COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 3580.
TYPEWRITERS AND \ SUPPLIES: '
GREAT BARGAINS Tn^TYPE\VRITERS__W-
*eir better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals $3."- The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 266.
¦ WEBSTER .Typewriter I Inspection Co. — Expert .
typewriter doctors:estlmate free. 209 Sansome.^
. T Y PEW K ITI KG AND M I MEO GRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mlm-,
¦ eographing. 027. Market, rm. 301; Jessie 1554.'
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eographing. 927 Harkt, rm. 305; Howard 153».
I 'DIVIDEND NOTICES. ;;/
DIVIDEND notice— The j Giant Powder Conv
. pany. Con. — A dividend,- No. 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) 'per share xm the, Issued capi-
tal stock of the company' has been declared,
1 payable at the office of the company, -rooms
202-4-6 Hayward building, San Francisco, on
May 10. 1002. I j Transfer books close May 3,
¦' 1902, ' at noon. J. ¦ R. LEAYELL, Secretary.
MABBI-Y.GE LICENSES. (-¦ ¦
The ' following marriage licenses were Iasued
yesterday* ' ¦•",. ¦ • ...
: William E. Miller, 23/ 708A Brannan street,
and ¦ Bee E. McVey, 23, ,708 A Brannan street.
Alfred N. Eyselee, 25, 2G5 1 ,. Harriet street,
and Annie L. Butler, _0, 20t>V_ Rltch street.
-Frank T. FitzKibbon, 30, 070 Valencia street,
and Mary T. Swfft,. 27, 706 Oak street.
Myron Warner, 21, Warnervllle. and" Flor-
ence Marr, 21, 254 Frederick street. * ' ' ' '
¦Thomas W. Blake, 38. San Jose, and Pearl
A." Kelly, 37, San Jo_e.<-' . .- -r
' Peter R. Lund, 21, 1829 Union street, and
Hortense A.'Volkman, 18, 2202 Jones street.
Frederick Schwarz, 27, 236 Minna street, and
Jennie Maillard, 19, 117 Palmer street.
Joseph Lehman, 23, 1749 Mission street, and
Claribel Schilling. 21, Hay wards. •
Arnold Petri, 49, 2722 Twenty-fourth street,
and Rosina Borg, 54, 211B Powell street. :
Boy H. Hinrlehsen, . 42, 207 . Montgomery
avenue, and Anna HaEselmeyer, 27, 821A Va-
llejo street. • ¦ ' - ¦ . .
Antonio Qullici, 35. 1835 Polk street, and
Antonietta Lazzarini, 22, 9 Perry street.
¦ Frederick '• E. • Ray, 47, city,- and Mary E.
Cooper, 47; city. . "; ¦¦¦ •"
John S. Gillis, 34, Honolulu, and Rose M.
Duffy, 27, city. : , \ -.
' BIE-HS—MARRIA6ES— DEATHS. .
Birth, marriage and ' death , notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published..
MABBIED.
JOHNSEN— PEDERSEN— In this city, April ''
' 26, 1902, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Charles
' J. Johnsen and Dorthea. Pedersen. ••
MARTIN— SCHAMMEL— In this city, April
20, 1902, by the Rev. . Joseph McQuade, Fred
L. Martin of Sacramento - and- Henrietta A.
Schammel of San Francisco. , ; • •
METHENY— MAY— In this city, April 30, 190_,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson, Wil-
liam Henry Metheny. of Roanoke, Va., and
. Grace Belle May of Syracuse, N." Y. . .
DIED.
! • Allen, Elmer Henderson, Virginia
Behnke, Roaie . Hennig, Alice
Brennan, Patrick .Henrioulle, Gustave
Buller, William , Holmes, Henry 1.-
Burger, Frederick . Hyland, "William
Burke. John J. -l '..- Jones. Caroline
Byrne, James Kelley, Joseph J. . .
< Cachot, Maximilllan i Kergan, Emma
Chambers, Maggie ' Lake, Betsey E.
Collins, Joseph P. McDougall, Jan*
Curzon, Elijah J. Manha, Joee F.
Diaz, Slmona . Meloche, George
Dowllng, Mary -' "Muller, Charles M.
.. Fuller,' Charles'- G. Murphy, Mary E.
Glynn, William Oliver, Frank
Goggln, Edward C. Parkinson, Thomas j
Goodwin. . Sadie A.'.-,' Sewell, • Newton -
Granfield. Wm. R. --.» Spreen, Marie.
Hamilton, ' Elizabeth Tevis, Susan , G.
Hansen, August- *.. Vahey, . Hannah
Harrington, ' Mary - "Wheeler, Henry .
Hartman, Mrs. Mary Wilson, Elmor C. ¦
ALLEN— In this city, April 30, 1902, Elmer,
dearly beloved son of Monty and Sadie Allen,
and brother of Georee and Monty Allen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
'" 2 days. ¦¦¦>., ¦ '."- .'¦*•¦ 5. '. •' .
BEHNKE— In thl_ city. April 29, 1902, at her
residence, 2C05 Bryant street, between Twen-
ty-fourth and Twenty-fifth, Rosie 1 Behnke.
'dearly beloved wife of . Frederick : Behnke,
loving mother of Elsa, '. Clara, Irene and
Luzile Behnke, beloved sister o'_ Mrs. M.
Krouse and T. Wackenreuder,. daughter of
the- late Vltus and- Tomasa' Wackenreuder,
and sister of the late Henry Wackenreuder,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years and
.10 days..,; A' member of . Olive, Branch No.. 7,
Companions of .Jthe ; Forest." " ' ;.' • " .<
C?"Frlend8 "ticq_alntancer" are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 7 o'clock, from the parlors of
: the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1200 Mission street, between Eighth, and
Nintn, thence to St. Peter' ¦ Church, Twenty^
fourth and Alabama streets, for services,
commencing at 8:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. , ¦ ' .. •¦•.. . '
BRENNAN— In the City and County Hospital,
April' 30, 1002, Patrick Brennan, a native of
Ireland, aged CO years. ¦¦ - .•'',¦
BULLER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 30. 1902. William Buller,. a native of
England,- aged 44years. -;¦ -.' .
BURGER— In the '¦ City and '¦. County Hospital,
April 29, 1902, Frederick Burger, a native of
Germany, aged 45 years. . "
BURKE — In this city, April 2S, 1902, John
Joseph,- beloved husband of Annie Burke,
dearly -beloved- son of Rosa and the late
John J. Burke, and brother ' of .Mrs. Nellie
Lyons, a native of San Francisco, asred 25
years- 1 month and 2 days. ;•¦ . ¦
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend.the funeral Thursday,
¦May 1, 1902, at -12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3G9 Eleventh street., thence to St.
Joseph's Church for service... Interment Holy
•Cress Cemetery.: ''¦'.'. .
BYRNE— In thie city, April 30, 1902. James
. Byrne, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years
1- month and 13 days..-.; . • -. T • ...
(CTRemalns at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh . and, Eighth. '¦-.
CACHOT— In this ' city. April 29, 1902, Dr.
Maximlllian A.*,' beloved husband of i Cath-
arine Cachot, and father of Mrs. L. Therkel-
sen of Portland, Or., a- native of France,
a»;ed C8 years. • ¦'•;• . . . » .
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
CHAMBERS — In this city, April ' 29, ! 1902,
Maggie Chambers, a native of Ireland, aged
50 years. : . • . •:
COLLINS— In this city, April 29, 1902, Joseph
P. iCollins, beloved son of Michael and the
late Mary Collins, . and ¦. loving stepson of
Margaret Collins, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 1 month and 11 days.
¦ IET Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
. fully . invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from ' his : late
residence, 18 Bonlta street, off Polk, between
Vallejo and , Green, • thence to St. Brlg-ld's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
.' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross ¦ Cemetery. - ¦
CURZON— In this city, April 2fl,1902, Elijah
¦ J. Curzon, a native of England, .'aged. 56
years 8 • months and 18 days. ;: - .
DIAZ— In West ¦'. Berkeley, April 30, 1902,
Slinona Diaz, -.beloved mother of Alborelll
: and. Peter Diaz, ¦ a native of Guaymas. Mex-
ico, ; aged 83 yefcrs 0 months and 14 days.
DOWLING^-In this city, April SO, 1902, Mary,'
. beloved ' daughter 1 of . Dennis and Mary *. E.
Dowllng, a native of Grass Valley, Cal.
FULLER— In this city, April 30, 1902, . Charles
¦ G., beloved -husband of Sophie Fuller," a na-
tive ¦• of ¦ Melrose; . Mass.,- aged -, 43 • years 4
months and 17 days. ,- ,- . : .-,..,..,-.
. ' E_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the- funeral to-morrow
' (Friday); at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2627 • Harrison street, between Twen-
' ty-second and Twenty-third. Interment Cy-
press . Lawn ' Cemetery. , . - .. '
GLYNN— In this city, April 20, 1902, at'hla
residence, 1925 Stockton street,. William, son
'- of Mary, and ¦ the : late . James Glynn, and
brother* of Vincent and Mary Glynn,-- a na-
tive ' of " San 1 Francisco. ,*.' s ¦ . -,.: .
(t-^A requiem- mass: will be celebrated
at St.' Francis Church, Vallejo street, Thurs-
' day morning,. May: I.' at 9:30 o'clock. Friends
arc " invited to attend. ¦-. Kindly ' omit flower..
ajj Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. ;.: \ ... ¦•
GOGGIN— In this city, 'April 30,' 1002, '.. Ed ward
Charles, 1 beloved land only ; child -of. Charles
and Mary Goggln; a native of San Francisco, i
. aeed 29 days. ¦ ' , "'¦'>'•' -V" •¦'¦.'.
GOODWIN— In this city, Anrll 30, 1902, Sadie
Ar Goodwin, ¦ beloved daughter Zach and
. Mary.' Prentice, ~ a „" native of . Point Arena,
¦ Cal., aged 13 years 1 month and 27. days. .-
'. IC?" The ¦; funeral ¦ will take place to-morrow
- ! (Friday); at 1:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
of the United -Undertakers.: 27 .and. 29 Fifth
:• .street. • '.,'''• .:¦'¦: J "' - • ¦.•¦: ¦;,.¦•;¦
GRANFIELD— In "this city, April 30, 1002. of
diphtheria,' William R., beloved son of.MoHie
and .William.Granfleld,, and grandson ; of ,Wil-
HENRY J. CALLACHERTcb.
•J ¦" (Successoi' to'Flannagan'& Gallagher.) ?¦ r \
i DANIEL P. DONOVAN.. Mgr.- : .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS.
¦ 20 Fifth st.,, opposite Lincoln . School.
-'•• :,; Telephone South 80. :-. "-•':":., . .
•.¦-.• ¦. .- ;.•¦ ¦ •¦.: -. : -¦• '-,;¦ ;¦¦¦-.».'¦;., .-..;. . ; . ". ¦'.¦.-.[' -i
Mt. ¦ Olivet> Gemeteryi
: . NEARESTJ THE CITY. ¦¦•
Office, 9i6^rviarket StreiBt.-
- , '..^Telephone ; Bush 367; ; >;;¦;¦;'
NEW FIRM J OF/ UNDERTAKERS.:
' Samuel McFaddt n. IS years manager for
.the United .Undertakers'... Association; M. J. :
: McBrearty, "with '. the same • company, for ; 10'
years ; P. .. F.' Green,' late with J. > C.~ O'Con- '
f nor . & i Co. ; have \ opened • new ¦ Funeral * Par- .
< lors ' at -¦ 1171 * Mission y st/f between , Seventh i
."and 'Eighth.'; Telephone South 44. '•..¦_" :. • .¦¦¦¦±~'
OCEAl. TBAVKL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L, • Steamers leave Broadway
ralfc^ Wharf, San Francisco:
CSpftiL For Ketchikan, Juneau.
Itk&^jCSs*. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
i la fc_35^_% m - May i. 6 > 11 - 1U - 21 - 2y >
¦ N&XjaVAl 31, June 5. Change to com-
i f?-5_C£<SVj pany's steamers at Seattle.
/* > '*<lK3|agflLl For Victoria. Vancouver.
• Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
~"~^% coma. Everett. New What-
com — 11 a. m.. May 1, 6, 11. 16. 21. 26. 31.
June 5. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 2, 7. 12. 17, 22. 27, June 1.
For Loa Ansteles (via Port Lcs Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa. Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Obispo
(via Port . Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
?Newport ('Santa Cruz and Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. May 6. 14. 22. 30. June 7.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only). May 2;
Bonita, 0 a. m., May 10, 18, 26, June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. 1a Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, ¦ Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
'/ f TU Vr • 7Tr O **' fc" 1 CE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
-FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE. .
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE T
And fortnightly ¦ thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving- San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, -connect with above steamers. Th«
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips ¦ tcr Nome- last year,
landing all passengers and freight without losa.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ¦; ..o ?
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
o./? ; a n. co,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
j Folnts, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, afc
' IiO'W-SST -Et_£_. < X*__!S.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3. 13. 23, June 2
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER Sails May 8. 18, 28
Steamer sails -from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m..
for YOKOHAMA- and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob« (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. , No cargo received on board on day oC
sailing. • ¦
SS. NIPPON MARU. . . .Friday, May 9th, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, June 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
• Saturday. June 2Sth. l!>02
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
Jfamburg-Jkmericcm.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERV»r"__,
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria. ..... May 22ICoI_mb!a June 5
F. Bismarck.... May -DIDeutschland ...June 12
TWIN-SCREW 1 ASSENGER SERVICE)
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia, May l.'JjWaldersee May 20
Kiautschou ....May 13, Pennsylvania s . May 2T
liamhuril-American Line, 3T B'w.y, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Paciflo
Coast. 401 California St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana deVapores
To Valparaiso, stopping 1 at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing: from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. . .
GUATEMALA..May lOf COLOMBIA. . ..June 2f
PALENA.......May 31ITUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger aervic».
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
.- land: and Sydney.. Thurs.. May 1. 7 p. m,
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.;."•• Sunday, May '4, 10 a. m*
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu ....'.;•.-
Saturday. May 10. 2 p. m.
I. u. SFUCins k BBOira.', 'General Wi, 329 Mar&t
Gei'l Pass. Cfflce, 643 Mai_st Si, Plar Ho. 7. Pacific St.
PANAMA R.R.^f
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. SJ Argyll... ...Sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Satis Saturday, May 10
From Hanison-st. "Wharf. Pier 16," at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. PaciMc Coast Agent.
TVTiniVrT? .n.at; &LCo/s
IN V lfllJ • Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about....... ...Jane 1st
- San Francisco passenger, and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle. ¦
Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agents.'
630 Market St.. S. F. • ¦-. _
COXFASKIE G-N-RALS .TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of -iRySiCs
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, «SB_B5__»
North River* foot . of Morton street. •
.First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway " (Hudson building). New
York.- J. F. FUGAZI & CO.,,. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery < averue,'. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
PhiladeL.May 7, 10 am St. Louis. May 21.10am
St. Paul. May 14. 10 am Phlladel.May 28. 10 am
.. .. . RED STAR LIXE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARISl .
Friesland. .May 7. noon|Vaderlad.lIay 21. noon
Southwk..May 14. noonlKensingn.May 29, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR. G. A. P. C. 30 Montgom'y 3t.
BAY ; AND BIVEE STEAMEBS.
FOR U.lTlSvrYARD AHQ~VALijEjiv
'Steamers .GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO..
0:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. . Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. . m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. .m.." except
Sunday. - Sunday, 7 a. m.; 4:15 p. m. Fare; 60
cents.' Telephone ' Main -1508. Landing and
office.) pier • 2, . Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS--
rtEAL ESTATE— COUXTItY — For Salt?
TO let or for sale — 5 y> 'acres of nice land' at
Kent station; lovely cottage. of 0 rooms and
' salt water baths; -130 fruit trees; 10 minutes'
•walk from -railroad; rent $50 month; selling
. price $5500. For further particulars call s on
. HEALY. & GILLESPIE, 030 Market st./ op-
posite Palace Hotel. < •¦¦-¦¦ •,
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,-
San Lcandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, ¦ substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-house's,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard I of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
r - 1 D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst. ' '
CCO ACRES at a bargain; fine land; no adobe;
oak trees; very best of improvements; good
water supply; adjoining railroad station; 12
trains each way daily; Juet the place to sub-
divide. GEORGE W. LOVIE. Redwood City..
-- — FOR SALE NEAH SAN FRANCISCO-
Small tracts, $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
6an Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California «t.. for
pamphlets and information.
A SNAP — Finest country home in " San' Mateo
County: 23 acres of beautiful grounds: ele-
gant re-idence, barns, etc. ; % mile Irom sta-
tion; 20 miles from city: 20 dally trains.
GEO. W. LOVIE. Redwood City. . r
PROFITABLE oranse. lemon, reach and prune
lands to sell: right locality: big money: easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 027 Mkt., r. 203.
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. S WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. E. F.. & San J.
Summit AX ItEAL ESTATE.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $«0 per
month. J. TUNSTEAD. San Anselmo. . . -< .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
AP-VKTMEN^T^torTTgliT^
ed gunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $10 to $20 suite.
' ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525-531 Turk— Hot and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur/
nished or unfur.; tel. East 312, Sutter 41. ¦>
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
BIRCH ave., Cl£> — 3 rooms, unfurnished, for
housekeeping; rent $7. Apply (542 G*ove st.
BUSH, 1001, cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
¦ furn. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold, water: baths; electric lights; first -class.
EDDY, 724 (middle fiat)— Fine front room,
newly and well furnished: sun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience: see them; suit-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable: .- ,
ELLIS, 802 — 2 housekeeping rooms, $16;: also
large sunny front room. - •
FELL. 1071 — A newly furnished sunny suite;
housekeeping, l ¦ . ¦ ' ',
FRANKLIN, 203 — Two' sunny..' housekeeping
rooms; ¦ corner flat;- ¦ ¦. • . v
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622 — Sunny bay-window
suite, 2 large rooms; bath, gas, range, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1005 — 3 nicely furnished
rms.; bath; gas; water; phone; private; rea3.
GOUGH. 115 — Handsome sunny bay-window
parlor and kitchen; gas, range and sink; $20.
GROVE. 104, near Polk — Furnished front suite
rooms for housekeeping, $15 per month.
HAYES, B20 — Parlor floor, 3, 4 or 5 large sunny
rooms complete.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 largesunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms. " - '
McALLISTER, 937 — 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; coal and gas range; $12. .
MINNA, 514, near Sixth-— Furnished house-
! keeping rooms. '. \
OCTAVIA, 1151 — 2 beautiful' sunny housekpg.
suites; gas ranges, run. water, phone; cheap.
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary — Sunny front room
with kitchen: bay T wiridow; gas stove; $0.
OAK, 11S% — Elegantly furnished sunny parlor
'suite; piano; complete for housekeeping; also
one large housekeeping room. - -.
PAGE, 14'. — Sunny front rm. & large kitchen;
furn.; prlv. family; bath & gas stove; $12 50.
1'OWELL. 019 — 3 housekeeping rooms ; . top
floor; adults." ¦ - -• .
STANYAN. 112S — 3 aunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; near park; -reasonable.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Model house; newly furn.
single, double hskpg. rms.; free gas; bath.
TURK, 130 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
tng; cheap. ' ¦ ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
" received at Call branch office, 2200 .Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .¦.'•"•' ' •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny: 75c day upward: rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door: handsomest
grill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; oOo to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A — EDINBURGH, • 239 \ Powell, corner. Geary —
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A — VENDOME, 1104 Market — Changed hands;
renovated ; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny, suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No." 1364)— Fur^
nished rms:, suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1105 — Pleasant room | for gentleman;
running water; lu ..minutes Call office; $3.
BUSH, 1610V. — Handsomely furnished sunny
suite with uee of dining-room and kitchen,
$20; also single rooms, $7 and $10; bath; tel.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable:
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms,' 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, S25 — Single and double rooms neatly
furnished; also housekeeping rooms. ,
ELLIS, 843— Nicely furnished cleanly kept
rooms; no cards; call and see them. • '
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
d suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HAYES, 474^ — Four unfurnished or partly fur-
nished rooms, closet and Cath; reasonable.
LEAVENWQRTH, 1519— Large sunny front
room, nicely furnished; rent $S. -.« ;'¦'¦: ,¦
McALLISTER, 320— Large, comfortable rooms,
with housekeeping privileges. ' ...
MINNA, 667; corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh — Clean, airy
. room, suitable for 1 or 2. $1 B0 per week. •
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 426, near Jones — House Just
changed hands; newly renovated; reasonable.
O'FARREL, 914— Neatly furnished, sunny al-
cove front- room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator, on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely furnlrhed bay-window
rooms. $10; suite, $16; also housekeeping. - •
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st •
• near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished!
THK Earl House, 310 Stockton— Under new
management; elegantly furnished sunny
¦ rooms single or en' suite; day. week or
month; elevator; hot and cold water; bath.
TURK, 643, near Polk — Large front room-
grate, gas and bath; $3 50 per week. <-\.
VAN 'NESS ave., -7— $5; sunny room. '; -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription.
¦ receded at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1036
: Valencia st. . ¦: -• ¦¦¦¦'-• i ' ~
I M
.'.-- '¦' ¦¦: ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE CORBIN. S36 Sutter— Klegant ' cor. suite
| and single rooms; j table g first-class; ¦• phone
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional ;table; popular rates;
HAIGHT, 326— Elegantly furnished large rooms
suitable for couples,' with board ; reasonable.
IRVINGDALE, C26 Eddy— Sunny .. rooms. .. en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.' ;.
LAMBOURNE. ' 420 , Eddy— High-class house-
furnished ¦ suites or, single; steam heat. - ¦
VAN ' NESS, . 610— Handsome furnished t sunny
•suites; single rooms; first-class ) table : board.
VAN NESS i ave., 015—^Sunny rooms,"- excellent
board,' $45 and $40; also a large front) suite.
; ' ROOMS WANTED.
2 ROOMS, one front: also place for dog; Single
man; between 5th and 7th. Box. 1705.- Call.-
SEWING MACHIXES AND j SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought; sold, rented, 'exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 14.:; 205 4th.';
ALL' kinds bought, sold," rented, ex. ; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 320.. ,145' Sixth.^
MCS1CAL ¦ KST1UJMEXTS.
A_ we arc now _ecomtir.g our nc-.v w.trerocnis
and hall and must have the nam, every piano
Is cut to the Unrest possible figure. Over "'00
on our floors, nr which the following arc" a
few.-. Rents. 52; installments. ?3, or your
own terms:
1 lioume S47
1 "Weber '/[ S5
1 Knabe ¦. -•;-..
I Marshall '...."."." 133
1 Haynes jr, 5
" Smith & Uarnes $135 t0 2 l0
2 Stein ways «Y,5 t0 -^5
2 H ein « •- 235 to 385
2 Chlckenns 13.-, au ,j ovo
10 Hallct &- Davis 105
HEINE 1'IANO CO.. Heine Hall.' ' 2_5-_^7
Geary Et.
ALTHOUGH many E«?minp!y adrantaireout
propositiens are offered in the Way of p-'lces
snd terms upon pianos, please bear in mln4
that we can_6t only duplicate them, but can
cn>r exceptionally fine planes and large.t
aFsortmcnt of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Stcir.way dealer.'
cor. Kcarny and Sutter Ft?. S. F.; Broad-
xvay and Thirteenth tsts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION- BARGAIN-Hl'NTER?—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Fecond-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hend orpans from ?2.". up; new upriuht
S J rCm^ 175 Up ' BEN J. CUKTAZ &
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
ana Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
*? a y € a cn oice lot of pood instruments!
e.iphtly used, that can be obtained upon very
eary terms and at low prices. We have als'a
AVissr.er-P,aumeistcr and Ftodard plane*
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st.
•^T-P 1 *^ 0 Eold by us taken back any time
w-itnin 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; cests you cnly 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE SO
O Farrell st.; established 1S50.
LUDWIG pianos— Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
VPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain: best
"?"££ Piano* in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CCRTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayee st.
Compelled sacrifice by' private family leaving.
$550; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis st.
SNAP — 2 cnly. new. $450; high-grade uprights.
Cropped from catalogue.?250. Bruenn.20SPoat.
$_T0;great sacrifice jalmost new upright.Schmltl
& Co.. 16 McAllister St.. neit Hiberta Bank,
A LOT cf storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st. ,
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left
en s&le; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BTRON MAUZT. 30S-310-312 Post St.: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H
MULLEH. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
fA WEEK'S r.crs for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IP. races, '"n wrapper for mailing. ?1 per year.
OFFICES .VXD STORES TO . LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS buiMing. :>27 Market st. —
Light, cheerful offices. $15525 per month;
lirht. heat, j-nltor and telephone.
LOFT for rent. 40xC5 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water $16 month. WM. I
LOANK. Plumber. 430 Fifth st.
ETORE and larce basement to let. together cr
separate. 714 Kearny st., corner Merchant, j
ETORE with large basement, bflcw Kearny: al- I
terations to suit tenant. K3C Clay, room 1.
OIL.
Oil- tanks. 2nd-hend. In rood order; all sizes:
cn*cp. H. S. WHITE. 130-133 Beale tt-
OIL LANDS.
FOR Sale — Cheap; 10 acres. rater.ted land, _ee-
tljn 20-2S-2S; heart of Bakersdeld district;
one well on property: oil cuaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MrER_, Laughlin bulid-
ing-. Los Angeles.
TALMISTRY. "
FREE readings to the first 3 callers Jaily this
week; Mrs. E. Pearce, ECientiflc business
p_l_iist. 10. Turk, r. 2S; 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.
VTiSK. G. L. XEEKGAARO reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott n., corntr of Jones; phono Pclk S37.
II. JFKOME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. C15
-ayl.-:r £t.. bot. Gear>' and Po?-t.tel.Black r.-".l.
I'AIXTl-HS AH) DKCORATOItS.
i;CO:_S papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
IXartii^in P_;r.t Co.. _1'J Sd tt. ; tel. Red 352L
ETCST-d-ieS wor!:; low rates; get figures. J.
C. KOMAINE. C4:» G. G. ave. : tel. Polk 14-3.
< PCUSO.VALS.
A^-CERTl.'.
Actus:!;' erews hair on bald heads: cleanses
and beu-li"c. the hair; promotes a luxuriant
jrrcv.th; nu-ver fails to restor* gray hair; cure^
oa:. ;:::':. -C_lp diseases and l:_ir falling;
price $1 <tu _gents 50c): everybody shoul.
\.Tite lor tricl j.ackr.ge. Bohemian Hair and
K_.in Rpec1-Itet_. 1_1 Post st.. third floor. S. :
I*. : trpstt!r.«>nt _nd concultaticn free.
WARNING I'O TilK PUtJLIC.
Tlie only ofiicial souvenir badges of the re-
cent rtiecrt rallv.ay tmployes' Etrike are for
pale at Turk-st. lemijlc. 117 Turk _t. H. C.
QL'IClv, Chairman Badge Committee.
AN tlesant line cf remnants for cults to order,
$15; with there suits we make aa extra pair
vf paiits free cf charge; other suits en install-
merits, tl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
MY hair dressers are all artists.
Heir dressing 25e
Khair.pooing 50c
11. i.i-.-u: Ir.g 25c
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
MISS D. HONIG. formerly cf Emporium hair-
dressing parlor, invites all her friends and pa-
trons to opening of her new store, 241-243
Geary Et.. to-day. May 1; concert 2 to 5.
KLECTRIC light rn every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third tt., near Market; 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $G per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAT De-igner and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office, 3021 Market _t.. near Sixth.
BAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
cheni:ie-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts ; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing COc: hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 min. Miss A.V.I>oyle.l7C_ Mkt. Qp. 10th.
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMENTS — FANNY
ERIGGS CARR system and preparations.
HENDERSON. 223 Powell St.
_>7 less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market «t.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, sliver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. f. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
OO.. 1210-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
I»ADY would like to borrow money on diamond
Jewelry from private party. Box 1530. Call.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. Ray, 457 Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist : superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutttr.
DR. THIELE, German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy -t.. corner Masoa.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Euchanan; tel. West _-3.
TAILOR-MADE cults. $7 00; dress pants. $3 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rtsal coctumer. 26 O'Farrell: country order*.
Electric &. electrtc-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlgm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric peedle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; $1: at all druggist-.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best enra cu-e. 25c; all druggists.
PHYSICIA&S AND SURG-.OKS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay untlfcured;
no operation, no detention -from business;' al!
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
TO LEASE. ~~~
TO SALT MAKERS.
To rent— About 150 acres of * salt marsh,
_____
suitable for the manufacture of salt, near
Alvarado, Alameda County, In the center of
a salt-maklns district and on navigable waters.
For particulars apply to the Alameda Sugar
Co., .132 Market _t.. San Francisco* ,
Ham* and Jennie Granfield and Jeremiah and
.Mary Dillon, : a : of "San FrancUco,
; : ¦ aged • 4 . years , 4 months and 4. days. •-,
-ff_?The> funeral ¦; will ¦ take, place to-day
', ¦¦ .. (Thursday),' at' 11 o'clock, from the residence
> of - the . parents. ' 47 Chesley street,' between
1 •' Harrison , and ' : Bryant. • Interment, private,
. ¦ Holy.. Cross'. Cemetery. ., " ; : , .
HAMILTON— In ?; Oakland. April 30, 1002, at
.-673' Twenty-seventh - street, Elizabeth,- wife
-of the late Robert D. Hamilton, ' and mother
-. of ' Elizabeth ; Hamilton, a native of Ireland,'
: aced 43 years. . • ¦ '¦ , . .
HANSEN— In the City and County Hospital,
'¦; April ¦ 29, 1902, August Hansen, a native of
'p Norway, . aged ( 58 years.
HARRINGTON— In this ; city, April 27, 1002,
Mary, ¦ wife of ' Dennis F. Harrington, and
beloved, mother of . Mrs. T. J. . O' Brien, - Mrs.
Josie -Brinckerhoff, John B. Harrlnsrton of
Portland, -Or.,, and' Fanny C. . Harrington of
San Francisco,' a native, of Ireland. (Boston,
Mass., Cincinnati. Ohio, and Portland, Or..
. papers copy.). • - : -
E-R-'he funeral V will . take place to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2404 Clay street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a requiem mass will be
- celebrated . for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 0:30 o'clock. ¦ Interment private.
¦ Please omit 'flowers. - __' .
HARTMAN— III Watsonville, April 29, 1902.
; Mr«.' Mary. Hartman, beloved . aunt of. Mrs.
J. A. McC'allum, aged 84 years.
HENDERSON— Near Bethany, April 25. 1002,
Virghiia E., dearly beloved wife o£,Thomaa
H. ¦ Hend.rson; ¦ and mother of William " E..
,<Vlrginla"-l.,' Solonia J.. and Thomas K. Hen-
derson, a native, of St. Charles, Mo., aged 65
yeara 4 months and 10 days. , ' -
HENNIG— In this' city, April 30, 1902, Alice,
beloved wife- of' John* Hennig, daughter of
Adolph Fine, and sister of Arthur, Martha
. and Annie Fine, a native I of San Franciaoo,
. ajred 20 years..' ¦ ¦ . .-
HENRIOULLE— In this city, > April 30, 1902,
Gustave . Heurioulle,' dearly ¦ beloved husband
of .Elizabeth Henrioulle. " beloved ¦ brother of
Gregoire John B. Henrioulle and 'Louis Jo-
| ' seph Henrioulle of San Mateo and the late
Elizabeth ! Baccus | of Mountain View, anil
IS uncle of Elizabeth, Minnie and Henry Hen-
rioulle of San Mateo and Louis, Henry and
the late Louis Joseph Henrioulle of San
Francisco, a native of . Noduwez, . Belgium,
aged 47 years 1 month and 3 days. A mem-
ber of "VVinnemucca Tribe No. 61, L O. R. M.
' CTRemains at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mis-
sion-street, between Eighth and -Ninth. -
HOLMES— In this 'city,. 'April 28, 1902, Henry
Thomas, . . beloved husband of Laura V.
¦ . Holmes, . a native of • Lansingburg, N. Y.,
aged , 73 years and 2 months. • (Sacramento
papers ¦ please copy.) ¦
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • services
to-day (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, at his late
residence, " 1922 Pine street. Interment at
. Sacramento on arrival of train I leaving San
Francisco, at 11 o'clock.
HYLAND— In this city,' April' 29, 1002, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Hyland, .lov-
ing father of John F., Daniel M.,. Mary E.,
Ellen T., William J. and Anastasia M. Hy-
land and Mrs. Owen Kerrigan, grandfather
of .Mary Kerrigan, and brother-in-law of
Thomas Shanahan, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 53 years 4 months and
2 r days. (Brooklyn,' N. 7 Y., : papers please
copy.) , . ""•'¦¦/¦•
It-?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invtted to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the. resi-
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Owen Kerrigan,
870 Pennsylvania avenue, thei.ee to • St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn .requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing , at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES— In this city, April 29, 1902, Carolino
Jones; beloved wife of H. C. Jones, ¦ mother
of John J. Jones and Mrs. J. ¦ A; Prels, and
¦'• sister. of Mary J. Wright of Healdsburtr, a
native of Indiana, ;•, aged : 68 years 8 months
an 8 days. . ¦ ¦ . .
E_?Interment will take place at Healda-"
burg on Thursday, May 1. . •
KELLEY— In this city, April 30, 1902, Joseph
John Kelley, beloved brother of Mrs. Frank
Traynor, . and nephew of Mrs. . Virginia Mo-
gan, a native of the parish of Cranghwell,
County Galway, Ireland, aged 24 years U
months and 10 days.
(ETRemaina at the parlors of McFadden,
. McBrearty & Green, '-1171 Mission street.
Notice of funeral hereafter. / .
KERGAN — In . Santa Rosa, April- 29, 1902,
Emma, beloved wife of Dr. J. A. Kergan, a
native , of Canada, - aged 30 years and 10
months.', .>, ;
jj E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 10:15 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. : via Third and
'Townsend streets depot, 11:30 o'clock train.
LAKE — In Oakland, April 30, 1902, Betsey E.,
beloved . wife of A. H. . Lake, and mother of
Willie H. Lake and Mrs. Edith May Sut-
liff, a native of Ohio, aged 64 years.
McDOUGALL— In : this city, April 30, 1902,
.Jane McDougall, wife of the late Daniel Mc-
Dougall, mother of the late Daniel Mc-
Dougall - Jr., and sister of the late Joseph
McLatchle, I a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
aired SO years. ; - . ¦ . - ¦ .
. • ' C_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at 11 o'clock, ; from her late resl-
- ; dence, 1331 Oak street. Interment , Moun-
'¦- tain -View Cemetery," Oakland. ! .- 5^*
MANHA— In Oakland, April 30, 1902, Jose F.,
beloved husband of Mary Manha, and father
..'of Andrew,- and Rosie Manha, "a native of
I 'Azores, aged 45 ' years . 10 , months and 18
¦ days. , ' . . *
MELOCHE— April — , 1902, George, beloved
husband of Rosa Meloche, and father -of
George J., H. L., J. E., A. F. and Daisy
Meloche ¦ and . Mrs. Lena Peubln and Mrs.'
¦Agnes Trlnls, a native of Canada, aged 55
years. • , j
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 2. 1902, at 10 o'clock, from themortu-
. ary chanel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
I . Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
- first. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriage. A member of Court I Justice - No.
7903, A. O. of Foresters.
MULLER— In this city, April 29, 1902, Charles
. Marcel, . beloved son of Florentine E. Muller
and of the late Guy C. Muller, brother of
¦^Fiorette . Muller, and grandson of Constant
"Marchand and .•Jan Muller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 12. years and -3 months.
G_?Frten_s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the mass Friday,
May 2, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, which will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at the
; French Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres,
Bush street. Remains at the residence of his
¦ mother, 32% Willow avenue, near Polk
•street. Interment strictly private, St. Mary's
Cemetery, ' Oakland. :, , '. :
MURPHY— In this city. April 29, 1902, Mary
,'E.. beloved wife of the late Patrick J. Mur-
,' phy, mother , of Minnie A. Thomas, and
.- grandmother of Stephen J. I Thomas, a . na-
... tlve of Dublin, Ireland, aged 54 years. . '
OLIVER — In the City and County Hospital,
April 30, 1902, Frank Oliver, aged 47 years
PARKINSON — In Colma, San Mateo County;
April 29, 1902, Thomas, dearly beloved hus-
• band, of Margaret Parkinson, and father of ,
. Robert, • Richard, Edward, George, Thomas
and John Parkinson, a native of County Fer-
'.. managh, • Ireland, aged 69 years . (Nev? York
"papers please copy.) ¦ •
..'. . c_rFriend8 and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend' the , funeral to-day
' (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
: donee, -Colma, San Mateo County. Interment
V Mount OUvet "Cemetery.
SEWELL— In this city, April 29,' 1902, Newton
¦ Sewell, father s of Mrs. Mollle Jones • and
Amos F. and Edward N: Sewell,' a native of
; Wilmington, Ohio, | aged 80 years and 7
¦ months. -:¦.-.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully i Invited to attend the . funeral services
Thursday, May 1, ,1902, at 10:30 o'clock, at
'; the Old : People's ' Home,"' Pine and Pierce
-streets. Interment ' Odd Fellows' Cemetery.'
SPREEN — Inthls city,- April 29, 1902, Marie,
¦ beloved wife of . Christooh Spreen, mother, of
- Willie ¦ Voss, and sister of Mrs. • Thomas
Pfaff, a native of Germany, aged 60 years 6
months and "19 days. ;. . r . . : -
CyFrlends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend .the : funeral Friday,
: Muy 2, at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
¦ ¦" F. Suhr & Co.', 1137v.Mission street, between
'¦•Seventh -and ¦ Elght':_- Interment Cypress
• ' Lawn Cemetery. .-¦-.; t
TEVIS— In this city, April 29. 1902. Susan G.,
widow of the late Lloyd Tevis. ¦
. :C_?"Frlend3 are respectfully invited ¦ to at-'
i tend the. funeral services Friday, afternoon,
. May "2; 1002, at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 1316 Taylor street. Interment private.
VAHEY— In this city, April 30, 1902, Hannah.
.' beloved wife of Patrick Vahey. and- mother
; of Johm Francis, Patrick Henry, Martin An-
drew,' William' Clarence and the late Michael
:-'and Thomas Vahey,' a native of Carramore,
-- parish of Kilmaln. .County -, Mayo, Ireland,
¦ "A •', cyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
WHEELER — In'- this . city, April. 30, 1902
;• Henry Wheeler,' dearly '¦¦ beloved husband ¦ of
Katie Wheeler,- and ¦¦ beloved father of Nellie
, and Lizzie Wheeler, -a native of Brooklj-n
. N. Y., aged 52 years 11 months and 1? days
: C-?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
>fully invited to" attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at, o'clock,: /rom the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking 1 Company
1209 " Mission • street, between , . Eighth - and
.'¦ Ninth, • thence • to St. Boniface's . Church
¦ Golden -' Gate avenue, between -. Jones and
-, Leavenworth ' , streets. . for , , servicen. - • Inter- '
Vrnent Holy Cross Cemetery. v . : ' " . .
WILSON — In : this ¦ city, April ¦¦ 30, - 1902 Elmor
Charles, .beloved son of Cornelius and AddiP
. Wilson, a native of ¦ San Francisco, ajred 11
¦ ' day.- J ''.-. ¦'¦•-,'¦¦'!¦¦.¦"•¦•¦¦/:.• ¦¦-.;;'.-¦• ¦-•¦.¦
Shanahan Florist©);
V ; ARTISTIC FLORAL pCSIGNS
Prices Reasonable .-
107 POWELL ST.N.;«ELIJS 5056
Toil Rate^Cases Are I>ismi_sed.i:
IJTlie /three .'remaining oil, rate , ca'ses . in
tho States Circuit Court were dis-
missed yesterday by .United States Circuit
Judge 'Morrow, under, stipulation 1 ' between
the; railroad ".; companies - and "the : Stale
•Board '.of ."Harbor -Commissioners.'' Tho
' cases v were the • , Atchison, " T Topeka : " and
Santa Fe' Railway; Company. vsr the State
Board •'" of ,' i Harbor < Commissioners ; *. the
'Southern -j California^ Railway. • Company
vs.*; the 5 same.* and' the Santa FeT Paciflo
RailroadjCompany^vs.'the.aame. ;rWASHINGTON, April 30.— T,'ie com
mittee of postal and treasury experts
who have been ¦ considering the question
of a fractional postal currency probably
will recommend to Congress a measure
calling for the establishment ' of a cur
rency of notes adapted, with improve
ments, from the postal notes used In
Canada. Great Britain,' Germany and
France. .This plan calls for books of
fractional currency I arranged In detach
able coupon form, which are to be ob
tained from postoffices or rural free de
livery, carriers in amounts of from 5
cents to $2.
Currency of Notes Favored.
Government having sent' important bodies
of troops there the French Minister has
entered a protest.
Serious difficulties are. also reported to
have occurred at Jattabang, Indo-Chlna.
The Governor General of Indo-China has
sent reinforcements there. The troubles
in the Malay peninsula continue.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
A spring medicine for .• constipation. Impure
blood, pimples, sallow complexion; 10c, 25c. ¦ • - -
Another chance— 2300 ; pairs, ladies' shoes on
Bale to-morrow morning. at;0 /o'clock; high or
low i shoes, black or tan, J ox * blood and green
shoes; every pair worth $3 50. - Our pric* to
morrow will be 50c for the choice; all sizes and
all -widths; also children's shoes for 33c a pair ;
Busy^Bee Shoe Co.; 1020 Market St., above 6th.»
Friday at 9 O'Clock
s Minister}- Objects \to .the ', Sending -- of
¦ ->~v~ " Many TroopVto -Quell- Dis- • ; '
I ];':%" ".'•¦.'¦•V- - : : - turbiances. - ,
?. PARIS; ,; April ; 30.— The (; Temps' . " corre
spondent-at" Saigon^ the capital of French
• Cochl n-Chlna, " cables L : i that ., disquieting
hews^has been: received* there from Lads.;
.Troubles ' have broken : out- in '¦ the • Mekong
, district, ' near Vlentian, ' and the : Siamese
GOVERNMENT ; OF; SIAM ;
RECEIVES '' FRENCH PROTEST
-WASHINGTON, April -30.-A 1 warrant;
was issued by- the State. Department' to-'
day for the surrender, to the. British au-'
thorities of David Thompson, -alias David'
Tullis, manager of -a building 'association
at Kirkcaldy, Scotland,-who r is ; under ar- ¦
r«3t at Seattle on a;charge-of embezzling
about $70,000 of the funds of the associa
tion:
Government Delivers a , Prisoner.
WASHINGTON. April SO.— The House
to-day passed the agricultural appropria
tion blir and began i consideration of the
District of Columbia bill. ithe last but two
of the regular supply measures. By the
terms * of a special rule * adopted before
the District , of Columbia bill was taken
up It will be in order to attach a rider
to It > to make operative the existing I per
sonal tax law of the District of Columbia,
which - has, been - a dead . letter for - twenty
years. Chairman Cannon estimated that
there was $100,000,000 worth of untaxed
personal property.in'Washington.
-The Goldfogle. resolution; calling on tho
Secretary of v State for; information: as to
whether American citizens of Jewish faith
were. excluded from Russia," was adopted."
House Passes Agricultural Bill.
Friday.^ May 0, - will be Eagles' • day at the
Bakersfleld'Street Fair and Carnival. - Tickets
will be' sold at Santa Fe otflcce. 641 Market St.
at one fare for. the round .trip: for all trains
May 7. good to return until- May 11. "This Is a
good chance to .visit the San •Joaquin Valley
and the Kern County OH Fields. -•,. /
Eagles' Day atTth'e Bakersfield Fair.
. WASHINGTON," April \ 30.— The Post
office Department ¦ .- to-day j : announced :
Postofflce established:. California—Etters
burg,' Humboldt vCounty., ¦• Washington—
Quincy, Douglass County. Name changed:
Calif ornia— Trask, : Sacramento County .-to
Vorden. Postmasters commissioned:- Cal
ifprnia—James E." French, Ettersburg;
Martin Jongenell, Vprden. -Oregon — Jon
athan Richardson. Gage. Appointed: Cal
ifornia—Mary Mills, Giant, Contra: Costa
County, vice Annie Rosenbaum,
C. G. Sparger, Madeline, Lassen County;
vice Edward Pinkston, resigned. .Wash
ington— G. W. Brown, Bay Center, Pacltlc
County vice W. B. Compass, resigned;
Swan Anderson, Clear-' Brook, -Whatcom
County, vice H. H., Jamieson, resigned;
William Spain Monte Cristo, Snohomlsh
County, vice 'Norbert : Oulmette, resigned.
•These pensions t were granted: Califor
nia—Original—War ¦: with Spain— Lewis A.
Weidehammer, Healdsburg, $8. Increase-^
John Reed, Cloverdale, $12; Jphn W.' Reed,
Anderson, $10; Henry R. Campbell..Stock
ton, $6; Robert .Neale, San Francisco, $10;
Charles E.. Dubs San Francisco, $12; John
Fannin, Soldiers Home, »Los Angeles/ $12.
Widows— Elizabeth • M." Danes, San ;.Fran
cisco, $25; Margaret Vickery, Lodi; $8. i '
Oregon — Increase — David M. Hampton,'
Monmouth, $10. .-'¦-. .- .-•'¦' -,' • •'¦• v""""
'Washington— Increase— Henry Hatch,
North Yakima. $30. ¦ Widows— War with
Spain— Laura G. Wlesenberger, Whatcom,'
$25; Georglana-Wllcox. Seattle, $8.
Granted.
Changes Hade in : the Postal Service
v;X : and More, -New Pensions • v i
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIPIC COAST
.The V state 'Department 'has -begun the
exercise of its good offices in the, interests
J3f . the officers, of /the 1 Chicago. ; Captain
Dayton's explanatory, cablegram showing
that | resistance/ to the police ' officers was
clearly : the result'.pf .'a misunderstanding
and-was not a : delibertate offense has done
much .-to strengthen the interest of the
officials'.', here; •;in-/,their> case.'* Secretary
Hay , has. r communicated "by.- cable :wl tli
Meyer.' the :Uniteti States* Embassador, on
this .-subject. I - It ¦ Is 'realized -.: that ¦ the case
ls:one. requiring, very. delicate, handling. :'
• •'Dodridge, • Wynne, Ledbetter. Kress and one
marine on leave, arrested.. Principal charg-e re-
Plctlng. police. •¦¦ Serious -under' Italian, law.
Sentences..' Wynne four^ months ten days.;. Re
mainder three month* each. .Have not yet their
full, statement or ¦ a report ' from I court, i but ap
plied for..:. Resisting arrest largely due to press
ing . in . of crbwd and not understanding lan
guage. .' Appeal made to Rome.. ¦. Impossible to
explain all circumstances. by cable. Will make
full report.-, . • .'V > . ¦'
Cabling from Milan the correspondent
there of the Telegraph -' says the impris
oned officers have asked to be liberated
pending their appeal, ,but that ¦ the/court
has declined this request. WA'; civil .-action
is to be brought against the imprisoned
officers for costs and 'damages. The Chi
cago.; has 'deferred 7 her departure from
Venice. . V" . ; '- \ : . ¦'.,-
Heiiry.A. Johnson, United States Con
sul at Venice, continues the correspondent
of the Telegraph/has gone;. to Rome to
join Embassador Meyer in -begging the
clemency of King Victor Emanuel.
•WASHINGTON, -April 30.— Secretary
Long has received ?the following telegram
from -Captain . Dayton ¦ , of; * the Chicago,
dated Venice yesterday, In answer to the
department's * Inquiry :
George W- Meyer, the United States
Embassador at Rome,' has not demanded
the release of the officers. By their ap
peal from the sentence of the court they
have submitted themselves to the Italian
law.- It is believed, at the Foreign Office
that any diplomatic action in this matter
would be. out of place ;while the question
remained under the qpn'slderatlon of the
Italian court. /C^'. '
LONDON, May l!— Special dispatches
from Rome aver, that- af a- conference
held yesterday with Signor Prlnetti, Min
ister of Foreign -Affairs, Embassador
Meyer,, while taking v no exception to the
action of the authorities 'at Venice, asked
as a favor to have, the -imprisoned officers
of; the Chicago handed over to^the com
mander of that vessel to undergo, sen
tence. According, to these dispatches. the
Italian newspapers express the opinion
that the Chicago: incident will- not dis
turb the good feeling e >'stlng between
the United States and Italy.
VENICE. .April 30.— The. officers of the
United States warship Chicago are. con
fined in the common prison of St. Mark.
They aye all together, in one room. An
application for their discharge has been
rejected. .The. Italian'law does not allow
the court, to grant pardon in cases of as
saults on the ; police. - Some of the^news
papers in Rome mention the lynchings of
Italians in the United States as sufficient
reason .for. a refusal of royal clemency.
It is considered probable, however, that
the prisoners will be released by order
of the King June 1, the. date of the fete
of tbe- constitution. ..
The Assdciated ¦ Press understands that
J. Pierpont Morgan gets £2,500,000 in
stock of the, shipping combine in. recog
nition of his services in organizing anil
financing it. ¦ ¦ . . . ,
, An official statement on - the subject
was issued by the White Star Line this
evening. It says: .
: The : White Star Line entered Into a pro
vlslcral agreement with the Morgan Company
in February.' with the object of securing com
munity'of Interest between the American. At
lantic Transport. Dominion. Leyland; Red Star
and White Star lines. The agreement . was
binding on the White Star Line but It was op
tional . as regards Mr. Morgan until April .10,
upon which date the agreement expires, unless*
extended by mutual consent." Mr. Morgan to
day has given notice to. the White Star Line
of his intention to use the option and of pro
ceeding : with the • agreement. ¦ If is now In
order for the agreement to be submitted to tti«
shareholders of.. the White Star Line and other
companies, the affirmation resting absolutely in
tho shareholders' hands. The shareholders o f
the White Star Line will meet In May. v
¦\V"e are not advocating anything to our own
disadvantage es Britishers or Individuals.
Apart from nationality, if the suggested.part
nership arrangement comes to a head. I have
nc doubt that It will benefit both Englishmen
and Americans. ,
A representative of. the Associated
Press interviewed W. J. Plrrle, president
of Harland & Wolff, ship builders, to
night. Pirrie said there was no reason
why i the exact terms suggested for the
community of interests should not be
published, except that . the shareholders
of the lines concerned naturally had a
right to know these details before the
general .public, i Reiterating . a former
statement, Plrrje said:
LONDON," April •SO.-Owing to the ne
cessity of consulting the shareholders of
the various steamship lines concerned, a
definite conclusion of the shipping nego
tiations is not expected for a fortnight.
J. Pierpont Morgan will probably net re
turn, to London, and J. Pierpont Morgan
Jr. has been entrusted with all negotia
tions. The Associated Press has been In
formed that all the steamship lines con
cerned, with the exception of those con
trolled by the White Star Line, have ar
ranged with their stockholders to enter
the combination. •%" -' ;c.' ¦;>¦''.'_ V . '? • ' ' J .
The treaties with Nicaragua and Ecua
dor have expired, but. the committee act
ed on the theory that favorable action by
the committee has the effect of renew
ing them, so far as t)iis country Is con
cerned.
The effect of this amendment is to re
quire the House of Representatives, as
well as the Senate, to act on the treaties
before they can become effective; The
defeat of the treaty with the Argentine
Republic was due largely to the fact that
large quantities of wool are produced i in
that country, while the opposition to. the
Jamaica treaty was largely on account of
citrus fruits and sugar.
"This treaty shall not take effect until
the same shall have been approved by
the Congress." ¦ -
The treaties on which favorable action
was recommended were those between
the United States- and" Spain, Nicaragua,
Ecuador and the,' Dominican republic and
four with Great Britain, catering Ber
muda, Barbadoes, British Guiana. Coicos
and Turns islands. All the treaties upon
which favorable reports are to be made
are to be amended in accordance with- a
previous agreement by adding the fol
lowing provision:
i WASHINGTON, April 30.— The Senate
Commitee on Foreign Relations to-day
agreed to report favorably all the recip
rocity treaties before the committee ex
cept the treaty with Argentina and the
treaty with Great Britain pertaining to
Jamaica, which the committee decided to
report adversely. ' • ''
American Naval Officers
Remain in a .Venice
Jail.
Approved.
All but Two Reciprocity
Agreements Are -
Shareholders Will Be
Heard on Steamer
Combine.
SENATORS FAVOR
TRADE TREATIES
ALL INTERESTS
ARE CONSULTED
JUDGE INSISTS
ON SENTENCE
BERLIN. April 30.— At the end of the third
trial *by court-martial at Gumbinne to-day of
Perpear.ts Heickel and Marten, charged with
murdering: Captain GroFigk. of the Prussian
cavalry, and with mutiny, a verdict of acquit
tal was rendered.
Mr. Herbert Williams, tenor, will be the
Eoloist at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Angelus
Piano Recital, occurring next Saturday
afternoon at their hall. Tickets free upon
application at their store. •
LONDON. April 30. — The hearing eet for to
day in the case brought by E. Rollins Morse of
Boston against the Montana Ore Purchasing
Company, to determine the division of owner
ship in the Michael Davitt lode, was post
poned until May 20.
Dickey is referred to in uncompliment
ary language and the report states that
a request has been made for his expulsion
from the Grand Army. Dickey served in
the Union army, and after the war settled
In Louisiana. He was appointed Consul
at Baracoa, Cuba, under President Har
rison, and President MeKlnley. in 1S97.
named him Consul at Callao. This latter
consulate pays SJOOO per annum. 'Dickty
has just arrived in New York from his
post. •
In his controversy with Dickey McBride
has had the support of Abraham Lincoln
Post. G. A. R., of Lima, Ohio. A report
from_this post describes McBride as an
honest young man of pure moral life.. ._
"The 14th of May last." he wrote, "I
plainly told United States Consul William
1$. Dickey that he was systematically de
frauding the Government that had in
trusted to him the high position he held.
I gave him to clearly understand that as
Consul's clerk and Vice Consul 1 could
not consent to remain with him longer
under the circumstances surrounding his
office, and which surely in the end would
confound me as an accomplice with him;
a state of affairs I was unwilline on my
part should continue longer. In answer
to this declaration he flew into a violent
rage, answering me that it was none of
my business; he was responsible for what
was being done and that he intended to
continue on as he thought best."
The charges against Dickey were made
by William S. McBride. formerly Vice
Consul at Callao.
CALL BUREAU. 140G G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 30.—Investiga
tion of the charges made against W. B.
Dickey of Louisiana. Consul at Callao,
has caused the State Department to de
termine not to appoint him to return to
his post. He will be succeeded by Charles
V. Herdliska of the District of Columbia.
Consul at San Juan del Norte. Nicaragua,
and formerly secretary of the United
States legation in Vienna.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secretary Long closed his official career
as the head of the naval establishment
to-day. Affairs progressed as usual, and
the event was unmarked save by the
calling of many friends to take official
ieave of the retiring Secretary. Notice
able among the day's callers were Secre
tary Hay and Mr. Moody, Secretary
Long's successor. . . - . ;
It has been arranged that Secretary
Moody shall assume the duties of the
Secretary of the' Navy to-morrow morn
ing.
Few -changes will follow the change in
the head of the department. The only
one which will take effect at once will
be the installation of Fred L. Fishback
as confidential clerk in place of Greer,
who has been appointed assistant pay
master in the navy. Fishback is clerk of
the House Committee on Banking and
Currency, and is a personal friend of the
new Secretary. Cyrus W. Wells, private
secretary to Secretary Long, will serve
Secretary Moody in the same capacity for
the present. .
Secretary Long was given a compli
mentary dinner at the new Willard Hotel
tc-night by the chiefs of the various bu
reaus of the department with whom he
has~ been associated during his official'
career. Admiral O'Neil presided. Secre
tary Long having a seat on his right and
Admiral Dewey on his left. The others
present were Admirals Melville, Bradford.
Kenny, Endlcott. Bowles, Rixey and Tay
lor; General Heywood. commandant of
marines; Judge Advocate General Lemly,
Captain Sigsbee and Assistant Secretary
Darling. ' " -' '
Moody forwarded his resignation as Rep
resentative from the Sixth District to thG
Governor of Massachusetts to-djp,y. It is
dated -.lay 1. . •
WASHINGTON. April 20.—Represent
ative Moody spent the last day of nl3
seven years' service as Representative of
the Sixth Massachusetts District in the
performance of his regular legislative
duties. He attended the meeting of the
Appropriations Committee, of which he
is a member, in the mornrng; and was
on the-lloor of the House during a greater
portion of the day. During the day he
was almost constantly surrounded' by
fi lends who came personally to voice the
general regret at his departure, and to
express their good wishes: for his success
in the Cabinet.. . .. :,~.'.—
Charges Are Filed , Against
Him of Defrauding the
Government.
Moody of Massachusetts Will
Will Begin His New
Work To-Day.
Louisianan Will Not Be
Returned to Post
at Callao.
Secretary of the Navy
Closes His Official
Career.
LONG LEAVES
THE CABINET
CONSUL DICKEY
LOSES HIS JOB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1902.
14
Arc You Going
to the Country?
IF SO, Y0U1L WANT
Summer
OverskMs.
i AVE HAVE THEM ON
SALE TO-DAY.
O PZ. r> For -regular 50c full width, good
ZOt quality CRASH OVERSKIRTS;
¦•; air sizes. .
Ptfir- To-day for regular $1.00 GRASS
O W LINEN OVERSKIRTS, flounced
and trimmed wlth-rovs of • white braid.
A ¦ perfect ¦ fitting, neat and stylish skirt
for outings. , ¦ ~ - ' • .
QCt^For regular $1.25 COVERT
OO^CLOTH OVERSKIRTS, flare
.r flounce; come in all colors and .sizes. . •
QKr« v ror LINEN OUTING.,; SKIRTS,
«7t>W', ¦ e^tta 'j wide, trimmed <wlih three.
: bands, of braid; a good $1.50 value. - : ;
¦¦'€_'% ¦ | CT "To-drfy for "regular. $1".75
0 1 • I O COVERT CLOTH and CRASH
OVERSKIRTS,- made ; with; fashionable
full 'flare flounce, plain or trimmed with
rows of ( white braid. -, •• .
(ti (tn For regular $2.00 GRASS
VltUU/ LINEN OUTING - SKIRTS,
cut with wide flare flounce, : neatly-* trim-
med ' with stitching-, or fancy, braiding;
'y. all colors.-' ' :<
fir I QK "For one of the newest ' OUT-
«Dl«i/O ING SKIRTS In Linen Crash,
entire front ¦ prettily ; tucked, ¦• flounce
braided; -would be cheap at $3.00.
CO • QK ' For ' GRASS LINEN ' OVER-
tP^«OO SKIRTS, made with two styl-
1 Ish flare flounces and piped throughout In
white -linen. ¦-. These skirts never sell for
less than $3.25. - - ,
fl»O «7T-r For DUCK POLKA . DOT
«J>-<&« C.O OVERSKIRTS in Black or
. -White,' made \with -flounce of four gradu-
¦ ated ¦; ruffles, .piped with white cording;
,' sold everywhere at- $4. 00. ¦
ON SALE TO-DAY.
i BIG. VALUES ;JN VENETIAN LACES
IN . ALL/WIDTHS. SALE PRICES
IOc f 'l2ic,-l5c,2Oc/25(v35ci 50c Yard;
' . ; SOME . WORTH DOUBLE.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
'.".¦ ¦•.'•«¦ Between Taylor . and '¦ Jones.
, WE CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK.
wK cooas>^ • j nit? nciifc? oiui y^
.: =^ :^ —^^ supplying me curreni
The occasion we've all been waiting for so long — thinking and planning and buying to If
make it the biggest success of all. Buyers have scoured the market for special goods for this l! |^||||JShW|B^^H '
month's selling. Many makers have .used their slack time to turn us out some bargains (note the I
\\/ 11 a f black silks, ribbons and stockings). - ¦ \ ~ ~5"^^Wj*a
. ¦,-fiyerjfihind is bright, clean, seasonable : marhed at new, low prices |; *jv •
DOIIC first time this morning. Windows are full of ; it, tables and counters are heaped high. - «felllite§^5****
Store folks are enthusiastic over it. ¦
If you could see these laces, these sheets, these notions, these challies, these shirt waists, J^L%_\^^____^^^^.
this muslin underwear, see how good and low priced it is, you'd certainly, be enthusiastic over it, rr ? T~. T^^^
Vt il V i— We want to thank you for how you've helped us grow. . ] ____^^_^___^_P'^t^^.
2— We want to make this a record month. Ten times as much this month as io years agfo, - ¦MS^BH^SBBfBm.
*w" » j _ -mf . - ., *¦,-. '-_•: \ . ¦"'¦'! ...... ¦ O f - — _^—^^^
W'C Old It ' We've taken the very goods you want, priced them so unusually low you can't keep from '^jr — —
_ . r* 'f''M*:\ buying- if you khow about them. . retalliQia
It's .i bold, fearless policy, but it's bound to win — has in the past. Losing money to gain 1^--^ _^^^^^r%
more is a risky business unless one knows his goods. We do. That's where we put our faith. j '^H^ M^aS^Sy
t-rK« " Good goods brings us good customers. So emphatic is this truth that . J Sfflllfiliiiii
" e %, In Ten Years We've Multiplied Ten times." ]..; : S^^H ¦ ,
rvCSUlt. i o years since we opened. <jg jf"V io times the conveniences. ;¦,- ., ., .. -;¦¦¦ "' ,
io times the floor space, ffl I | io times the advantages. V^n.J^Sfi ' "
• io times the worken' W M W io times the customers.
io times the buyers. Ja io times the 1 noveltie|. 4
ADVEBTISS2I31IT3.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSPAY-FRIPftY-SATURPAY
HAMS, Fiaest Eastern, lb Mo
Regularly 15%c.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares 65o
First-class quality. '.
COHDENSBD SOUPS. 3 cans - 25o
Chicken, Oxtail, Mock Turtle, Vegetable,
Consomme, Mulligatawny, Tomato, etc
Each can contains C portions.
Regularly ¦ 10c a can. : - • ¦
WINDOW; SCREENS, eaob..20c,3Cc and 40o
"The Leader," made from best material
, and fit all windows.
Regularly 30c. 40c and OCc.
SWEET WINE3, tot 25c, gal $1.00
Port. Sherry, Angelica and Tokay.
Choice Native Wines.
Regularly 40c and $1 50.
OYSTER COCKTAIL SAUCE, boi ...... 20o
Snlder*s celebrated brand,'- •- - - '- i •
For Meats. Game. Lobsters and Oysters, i
Regularly 25c "...'.>* . ¦
FRUIT SYRUP3, bot, 35o
Raspberry.- Strawberry, Grenadine,
Pineapple, Lemon, Vanilla, etc.
Regularly 50c.
WITCH HAZEL, bob..... 25o
Cures cuts, burns and chaps. ; ¦ ''
JAPANiSE TRAYS* each 15o
A great bargain. ' Regularly. 35c , : ; :
( . COUNTRY ORDERS SOLJCITliP. ; ;.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TKI-KPHONE . MAIN . 5522. -
f:sides being headquarters for a
Eyeglasses is the largest «
Scientific Instruments, fo
• .KODAKS;' - P
Phetographi z \ Snppliss. S
IS? 642 St. %l
For-Stcmach Disorders-*
Cout and Dyspepsia
•drink,
Best NATjJjtfAL Aikalincj Water
220 BROA3WAT. N. T*
hi .lULL's fimKYiGomoR'jRasa
rftcps all losses in 21 hours. Five *j}f2**£__\
hundred reward fur any- case we SOS Cii'
cannot cure." -. Thts secret - rem- Q 3
edy cures Emission?,- Impotency. gbn B3a
Varicocele, - Gonorrhoea. Gleet, W? * ffft
Strictures/ Drains. •• Lost Man- i*S ,1*11
hood and all other wasting ef- fS^iKi'sa
t ects of self-abuse or ? xcesses> r- J~TT ,1-iffige
Sent sealed, |2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 833 Broad-
way, Oakland, Cal. v Also for sale at 1073>6
Market st., S. F. Send for free book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If your feet could laugh what merriment
they would indulge in at your expense— paying j
Jji Five and Six Dollars for shoes less comfort-
W able than the Walk-Over Shoe at $3 5O—
JfeJ with not nearly as much modern style
either. You'll never know real Shoe
Goodness until you've bought a controlling f*
interest in a pair of Walk-Overs. After '0k
your first pair you'll safely trust your feet
to another — and they'll reciprocate that f=|l^\
trust. Your foot-worries will be at-an end. c^Lg
California oak soles go into every
pair of Walk-Overs— the best "bottom stock"
money can buy. Then these soles go through a
patent process controlled by the Walk-Over
Factory that renders them tough as copper, and
as flexible and yielding as a sandal. V
The process of building a Walk-Over Shoe
will be shown you at our store upon d>
application — the shoe all dissected j^Jr ( vJU
in all its stages; from the hides Never
to the elegantly finished product. Less.
What $5.00 shoe will stand such dissection?
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON. ¦ ¦'¦
Los Angeles Store: QQA=A /Vlnnlrff- Qtpp^r Opposite'
I1 1 So. Spring St. Kf-Z-t D iMdrKCl Ott CCl. Emporium
• .••¦.,' :,.' ' ' •
• This is just the proper thins for this seasonof the year. It is sen- .•
2 sible. stylish, well built, easy running, and comfortable. Can always be 5
q traded back to us for a Rood price. * . J- *rV S
0 Dozens of them in stock. Z
© Ask for 1902 catalogues. 9
I ftTPI>EBAKECgT!ROS.fi6MMSY |
• OP CAI^IFOXtNTA. ; •
q Market and Tenth Streets, San Francisco. 2
I/SN " GIB50NT ' j
L&V OB5E1^ VAT!0 N> Naif
|«§iy>ufeiiihed by'-ViurBowm Friend " I
iillf every once, in a while — * §
'^^!M^P^M_r l anl mighty glad to see the old boys back a^ain. K
B^n«M|r^n^ Business was p retty dull when folks went by the H
jl hiker's route, and I could not afford many dull days, B§
H . You know I am doubling my store, don't you? Yes, and doubling If
H my stock — makinsr shirts to order now right in the store and carry- §§
« ing. lots of new thin jrs. too. I've got a swell line of new vests and.-'n
js an assortment of gloves that are right up to the minute. • ¦
{»j Come in an^6ee me any time — always here — I will. "fix you up a
Sg right and save you a little money, too. / i
I JOHN T. GIBSON, 'YOUR BOSOM FRIEND," 1
a Furnishings for Gentlemen! S
M 1202-1204 MARKET ST., NEAR G.G. AVE. ; ' |