REV. DR. HORATIO STEBBINS,
STARR KING'S SUCCESOR,
PASSES TO ETERNAL REST.
DISTINGUISHED PASTOR EMERITUS OF THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH OF SAN FRANCISCO, WHO DIED
TUESDAY NIGHT AT HIS HOME IN CAMBRIDGE, MASS. HE WAS ONE OF. THE BEST-KNOWN ' MINIS
TERS ON THE PACIFIC COAST. /' . ' \ /
PANAMA, April 9.— The revolutionary
Pursuing a Rebel Boat.
gunboat Padllla was seen this afternoon
off Taboga Island, twenty miles from
Panama . Government gunboats have left
here to pursue her / ]#'/£»
..'ALBANY,;- N.-;\Y.; 'April : 9.— Governor
Odell will leave 'Albany." on /April "19 ; for; a'
six weeks', trip to' California. -,.' En" route : he \
wiii.stop/'at'LWaihingtbn; ¦ arid * ; will r time".
his trip so as to : be in iCharlestorT' on 'April .
23. l 'illlinbls "day,; atVthe : exposition,'; arid will
remain';' there"; probably ,<until Itne 24th.',- ! ¦* ;
'.- :¦• ¦: • 'i'/-.-;; ; .--- ¦'¦¦ ¦>¦,'•.:'- ¦ ¦¦ ¦
¦ New York i Governor. Coming. Here:
1 > The , laying of the ; Pacific cable ¦ referred
to; ih'the dispatch from, Melbourne was
decided /upon Cat; the '.' colonial conference
heldi in i London in i; 1887, but the. survey,
was. .'not;* completed {until' 1S99. .After; the
report * .was \ published '.in ,;' 1899 * an ¦ agree
"menHwas'entered, intOiby^the Imperial
Government iwith v Canada V and '• the VAus
.tralasian?:,colonies .for -the 'construction,'
laying I arid £ "maintenance £ of i an ,all-Brit
ish "* Pacific !; cable. -;: A- landing;' site f or iithe
cabled has > been : ;: purchased ;;¦ at? Kelp Bay,
Barclay;-Sound. Vancouver, Island.
night in > the hut- on the ; summit ¦ of the
Matoppo ;_j Hills,;.; In which, hut ; Cecil
Rhodes once. lived.: ••-
building, took'{ up ; the funeral anthem.
The streets ; through ;, which the funeral
procession passed • were lined \with! troops/
and - everybody fell ' in \ behind : the ' coffin
as V 1 soon as '..the; cortege " i left ; the f town
limit. ;- The ,' entire 7 population ,; ¦ of -.»Bulu
wayo took part in the procession] Ueaving
the ,town 'deserted. X The" body will rest at
ot the State constitution, yet Colonel
George Mendell, U. S. A., retired, holds
his office of Commissioner of Public
Works and receives compensation there
for. He has not been obliged to forfeit
his army pay in order to serve the city,
hence it is argued that General Shafter
would* not . be compelled to forfeit,' his
Government allowance if he were called
to the service of the State as Governor
of the commonwealth. However, the rul©
established by General Stoneman 1 s resig
nation cannot -be overlooked, because ha
was on the retired list . of United States
army . officers when he was chosen . Gov
ernor.
There is an • impression that Shafter
would fee. elected by a phenomenal ma
jority. His long and honorable service In
his country's cause has won for him the
bitter hostility of the. yellow press. In
that respect he would possess a special
element of strength, for' people of both
parties are quick to take advantage ot
every legitimate opening to rebuke th*
common enemy.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Lieutenant
General Schofleld (retired) < to-day made
an argument before the Senate Commit
tee on Military Affairs in' support- of
the War Department blllfor the creation
of a general staff and , the consolidation
of the supply divisions of the depart
ment, saying the bill-was in the' interest
of both economy and .efficiency. General
Merritt (retired), who also was present,
indorsed all that General Schofleld said..
Is Designed for Economy and
Efficiency; .
Retired Lieutenant General Says Bill
SCHCFIELD ARGUES
FOR A GENERAL STAFF
Chile ordered these new vessels to be
built after Argentina, whose navy . Is
stronger than Chile's, had decided to
purchase two powerful battle-ships from
the Italian Government. Many Chileans
believe that Argentina's desire for naval
fcupremacy in disregard of her ability to
pay heavy debts is traceable, . in a large
measure, to tempting t commissions of
fered to her statesmen by agents of nh'ip
builders. Chile Is thus forced to Increase
her naval strength, and her inhabitants
are living under , the- strain .of ¦ constant
menace from three neighboring republics."
The foreign relations outlook, however,
was represented as good in the meeting
of the Cabinet Council yesterday.
VALPARAISO. April 9.— Congress be
gan to-day its special session. Its chief
business is to deal with the question " of
creating new taxes and to provide dther
sources of revenue. This action is neces
sary in order to pay for armaments, es
pecially for two battleships "now in pro
cess of construction.
Session to Arrange for New
Taxes.
CongreES at Valparaiso Begins Its
CHILE NEEDS MONEY
TO BUILD WARSHIPS
Lindner brandished a stick at the presi
dent's head and. seizing his bell, threw it
to the ceiling.' The president narrowly
escaped being struck by the bell as It
fell. Other deputies flung paper pellets
in the president's face and otherwise
abused him. The Ministers were holding
a council In -another room and were,
therefore, absent from the chamber when
the disturbance occurred. The rules of
procedure of the lower house do notspro
vide a penalty for personal assault upon
the president of that body.
RIOT ENDS MEETING
OF AUSTRIAN LAWMAJKER3
President of the Relchsrath Is Iu
sulted and Narrowly Escapes
* Severe Injury.
VIENNA. April 9.— The vote on the edu
cational . bill in the lower house of tha
Reichsrath to-day precipitated a riot be
tween the Czech and German Radicals.
There was a noisy demonstration, lasting
half an hour, resulting In the sitting be
ing suspended.
When the president of the Reichsrath
tried to calm the house the pan-German
deputies stormed his platform. Deputy
At to-day's service there occurred a^re-;
markable 'demonstration of, sorrow,"; in
which .,'• the whole surrounding: country
participated.' Hundreds of "persons ¦were,
turned^ away from the drill : hallj -.which'
was .crowded}, to, Its utmost; capacity,* and,
thousands ' of :.voices in /and' around • 'the
BULUWAYO, Matabeleland, April: 9.—
After ;an impressive service held- at ;the
drill hall to-day b'v. the : Bishop of . Ma
ehonaland; the . coffin : containing • the? re-'
mains of Cecil Rhodes started on . the
las*, stage of it3 journey ."to 5 the Matoppo
Hiiis. ¦'¦'.'-¦ Kal^SS^S^S
Chant ' at an Impressive
Service."
REMAINS OF RHODES
'. - NOW NEAR THE GBAVE
Many Thousands Join in the Funeral
The wisdom' of ' his . choice* of • work , was
soon made manifest to his friends, and
his fame as a pulpit orator v began to
spread over the country. In the following
year, 1852, the second of his ministry, he
was called to the First Unitarian Church
of this city to succeed the 'Rev. Charles
A. Farley, who had been'its first pastor.
Dr. Stebbins was born in . Wilbraham
(now Hampden), Mass., August* 8, t 182L
He completed his preparatory studies at
Phillips' Exeter Academy, and^ after
teaching school for a time, entered Har
vard College and graduated therefrom in
1848. He had at one time intended making
teaching his profession, but. 1 during- his
stay at college changed his mind and de
termined - to - find his life work in ¦¦'. the
ministry. ; He passed three years j at. the
Harvard Divinity School, where he grad
uated ln.'185L He was -ordained Novem
ber 5 of the same year as a minister . in
the Unitarian ; Church, < and the same day
settled in a charge j at Fitchburg, Mass./
*Dr. Horatio Stebbins was for nearly
forty years one of the best known ; and
most Influential ministers on the whole
Pacific Coast ; in fact, in the whole coun
try. A man of fine education, ahlgh de-'
gree of cultivation, broad and liberal in
his views and modest but courageous in
their expression, he was ever to be found
battling for the best, and was generally
recognized . as one of the strongest per
sonal factors in. elevating the standards
of life and citizenship in the community
that boasted his membership. ' ;'
DECIDES ON MINISTRY.
';•;.'"; Completion of a Portion of, '
; ': Uie^Tork:
., MELBOURNE;^ ;' April ' 9.— The Pacific
cable has "reached" the Fiji Islands.
Announcem ent , in ; Melbourne of .. th/3
BRITISH •'; CABLE LAlir K
" TO THE >LJI; ISLANDS
AIDS HIGHER . EDUCATION.
j .Dr. Stebbins was a valued friend of the
late Senator Stanford,- and was named by
him as * one of ' the trustees of Leland
Stanford Jr. University. /.Thus "identified
/With 'the inauguration: of California's two
great -institutions of. learning and con
tributing; by his J, wisdom, foresight and
energy . to V their strong foundation and
bestiUpbuiidingrDr.; Stebbins had anun
' usual ,-: participation in planning { for the
; direction .'of the , future educational work
'of , this State , " and Twith ¦ it ¦ must " his name
always " have association ¦ and hon
orable mention: '
: He was always outspoken In. his advo
cacy of a broad and high ; standard, of
. scholarship r . and '".would compromise on
¦nothing: " less: ;
Besides his^degree of bachelor of arts
' from • Harvard ' and ' lils diploma from the
I Harvard' Divinity School, Dr. Stebbins
I ; was made a master of "arts :by his alma
."mater, 'and , in 1869 ; Bowdoln College con
ferred upon him the: degree of S.T. D.
I ;•: Dr. '\ Stebbins ¦< was married p in 1851 to
' Mary ( Ann Fisher,' ' by ' whom '¦ he : had . two
(Children.'- She ' ; died -'irr. 1874, after having
,been an invalid ; for r several years, and in
. 1876 ¦ he .was '. married to - Lucy , Ellzabe th
Ward, I by ;/whom < he ' also' had two chil
dren. . She, ; /with three of his children,
Rev^ Roderick'; Stebbins of Milton, Mass.,
and' Horatio >; Stebbins ' Jr. of ; Cambridge,
Mass., and.Vdaughter.Lucy', survive him.
public .concern. .He was especially in
terested; In; the : schools and matters of
-education. f Soon after his . arrival in ' Call-;
fornia he was, made a trustee of the Col
'lege * of 'California, 'and.; a. little - later
-was •; chosen president of .the iboard. , He
¦ took .a leading part in<he merging ih ; 1868
of 'that institution | Jn the '¦ University of
Calif ornia,\ of :whlch he was : one of the
.most' active progenitors, being named as
one .of its first regents and j serving with
reappoliitment until 1894, ' in all twenty-six
years./ "- . .-..v^ ¦ ''-¦ . ..; ¦ ¦
a lingering illness, due to ad
vanced years. His age, was 80 years and
8 months. The burial will be at/Pore
land, Me., following "services for the fam
ily at the home in Cambridge.
¦jP'-^OSTON, /April 9.-Re v. j Dr. ; Ho -
jB M ratio Stebbins, pastor emeritus
B "^jr of the First Unitarian Church
tg Eg in San Francisco, is "¦ dead at
•tiLmm^r nJs nome j n Cambridge, ; after
, x ;He declined (the^call ,'and continued; at
Fitchburg until 1854",. when he accepted a
call ¦ to : Portland; : Me. , -.. where . he . remained
until 1864.' .From March to August of that
year ' he . filled ' the '• pulpit of . ¦ All Souls
- Church, . New -York,', and then set out ' for
San Francisco! ' having ¦ .been again called
on : the . death ; of I Thomas . Starr,! King.' to
the First Unitarian Church of San Fran
cisco. He arrived 'here in September,. 1864,'
and at once entered- upon his ministry,
which lasted ;"for .thirty-five.* consecutive
years. : ¦-'.";._ 'J ." ' ¦; '."'''"' ' : ~\\T - : --
. The congregation was then , worshiping
In Its second? home,, the new church erect
ed In 1862! under 'the. pastorate, 1 ; of t Starr
King, 'on Geary street, near ¦ Stockton, on
the site now occupied by \ the Starr. King
building. -'/ v '-'-V- : ".'¦;¦ ;' .}, . . .' v.Y : •'".'
; :lln- that church, 1 until it had to give way
before the outmarch of business, andthen
in the present church,: on ; Geary and
Franklin streets," completed : early \ in 1889,'
Dr. Stebbins worked outhis call/ He saw
his: owii congregation grow .and; branch
out time; and Jagain. to j other fields, and
Unitarianism expand -until it occupied
twenty , odd churches ; over a "• stretch from
San-, Diego ¦ on. the south to -Spokane ori
.the. north; v. to 'all.;', of ,: which • none : more'
than ; himself: bore . a J guiding /arid"; helping
hand or ; counseled'-' in I wiser '.words. "¦ '
PASTOR. EMERITUS.]
In 1894, '• after , thirty, years of continuous
service, Dr. Stebbins was relieved of some
of his pastoral work; by an : associate min
ister. Rev. ;.; William' G. Elliott; Jr.,\ who
remained itwo. years. / Dr.; Stebbins Vcon
tinued ,; his -I charge until 'January,; 1 1899,"
when; he- tendered- his , resignation. * On
February. 16 ' following '• he was \ made: pas
tor f, emeritus.' The" pulpit ¦ being perma
nently 'supplied , in : January, 1900, lnVMay,
of ; that 'year} he/removed ' to ; Cambridge^
Mass., and made ¦ his home with". his 'son/
Horatio : Stebbins "Jr. '¦ . ,
Dr. , Stebbins -.was an - ideal . citizen: and
took ; ia. lively j interest' in all i matters /of
Death of the* Noted F>astvr Emeritus of : the First Unitarian
Church Mt His Eastern Home.
Included in the consolidation will be the
Simmons Hardware Company of St. Louis.
Bindley Hardware Company of Pittsburg,
William Bingham Company of Cleveland,
Supplee Hardware Company of Philadel
phia, Pacific Hardware and Steel .Com
pany of San Francisco, Marshall Wells
Hardware Company of Duluth, Blgelow
& Dowse Company of Boston, Van
Camp Hardware and Iron Company of In
dianapolis, George Tritch Hardware Com
pany of Denver, Janney. Semple, Hill "&
Co. of Minneapolis and forty other houses.'
E. C. Simmons of St. Louis will probably
be president of the company. It will be
Incorporated with J40.000.000 of preferred
and $80,000,000 of common stock. General
headquarters for buying, selling and
transportation, will be established in St.
Louis.
HAEDWAEE TBUST WILL
BE THE "TOP-NOTCHEIl"
Cne Hundred and Twenty Million
Dollars to Serve as Starting
Capital.
NEW YORK, April 9.— With a capital of
$120,000,000, the hardware trust, which is to
include two-thirds of the hardware job
bing trade of the country. Is about to be
launched. It will be the largest mercan
tile combination In the world.
, • .The '. pay . and emoluments derived, from
the'iUnited States constitute a , pension,
or/ reward,"'- for ' long |arid ¦ faithful service.
The charter of Sari ; Francisco contain*
a^ provision similar -i to' the requirements
. The point has. been raised that an offi
cer of ; the- United States army on the re
tired list" is not a : Federal officeholder; in
the. sense; of the constitution's meaning.
'.The executive relates to , the . Lieutenant
Governor, ' who may; be called- to perform
executive ¦ functions in case of the death,
impeachment or resignation : of the Gov
ernor.
' Section 12. No person shall, while holding
any office under the United States or. this State,
exercise the office of Governor except as here
inafter expressly* provided. -
General Stoneman resigned , from the
regular army of the United States to ac
cept the office '.of Governor of California!
After the expiration of his term as Gov
ernor he was restored to his rank in the
army, but. the restoration was no. easy
task for the general's friends. An act 'of
Congress was required- to re-establish hia
position on the retired / listl '.. Section 12,
article V, of the constitution of this State
refcds: -
> "I: am not seeking the 'office and have
not authorized any one to say so. When
my name was suggested in Los Angeles I
made the same reply -as I do'now, : that
under exceptional circumstances I. might
accept the . nomination. These circum
stances I have explained."- ¦. ;
"Whether I could sacrifice . bo much to
accept the nomination and office Is a most
vital* question to me.
"I*have no interest in the political con
test in this State, and all the possible can
didates are my. warm personal friends. I
would like to see some one of the war
horses of the Republican party secure the
office. I should regard it as one of the
greatest honors to be elected Governor of
this commonwealth, but I- repeat that
even if the nomination . is given to me I
cannot, for 'the reason I , have stated, an
nounce that I would ' accept.
' "At present I am in receipt of my pay
from the United States Government,
which, with medical attention and other
Incidentals, amounts to $6000 a year.^Thls
amount I receive for life. To-become Gov
ernor would require that I resign from
the army and forfeit my. pay. This is a
very serious matter for me to consider.
If I were a' rich. man' it' would cut no
figure, but as I depend on my pay it is
a vital Question.
tional circumstances that- 1 would accept
the office. ' , '; r r *">"i
, "By exceptional circumstances I . mean
the ¦ question . of salary." i 1 have not eve.-i
considered whether - 1 would want the
nomination, and I don't know .that I
would . accept it even if it were ten
dered me. ."¦¦-,
"I am not a candidate for the Governor
ship, and.it is only under certain excep-
Major General William R. Shafter was
seen yesterday on his arrival in this city
and was asked if he was a candidate for
gubernatorial honors, as announced the
previous day in dispatches from Los An
geles.
In speaking of the matter. Major Gen
eral Shafter said:
DENIES TTR IS CANDIDATE.
Says He: "Would Accept Office Only
Under Certain Conditions.
PRETORIA, April 9.— The British are
making preparations for a great series of
"drives", on the arrival of reinforcements.
The general outlook for the Boers is said
to be most disheartening. It is thought
here that the bulk of the rebels are only
awaiting apromTse that they will not be
banished to come in and surrender.
With the appeal were sent 5,000,000 blank
checks in amount of $1 euch. made pay
able to Theodore Roosevelt, to be signed
by contributors and .returned to the com
mittee at Chicago for transmission, to the
President. \
LONDON. April 10.— The Daily Chronicle
this morning publishes a rumor that Lord
Rosebery is going to South Africa to
study the situation there with a view of
submitting his impressions and advice to
King Edward.
ivrnrxioNS or blank
¦ ;;-. ¦ CHECKS ARE SENT-OUT
Novel Schetae to , Aid ths Occupants
of South African Concen
tration Camps. .
. CHICAGO. April 9.— An appeal ad
dressed to the people of the United- States
asking for contributions In checks . of $1
each for suffering women and children in
the reconcentrado camps m South Africa
was sent out to-day by Governor Yates
for the Boer relief committee fund.
Other members of the league's delega
tion declare that Bell's letter was not au
thorized and that- at the two caucuses
held^ lately - by -the ;- delesatlbtt- Gfcneral
Shaffer's -candidacy 'wa* .not 'seriously
considered,' except ,by Major Bell, who
himself broached It with enthusiasm.
Hon. Horace Bell : Tours of April 2 received
yesterday. ' In reply I say yes. Will write you
fully on my return to San Francisco Tuesday
night. "WM. R. SHAFTER.
We regard you as the tallest tree in the Re
publican forest and we are of the opinion that,
should your came be carried by us Into the
next Republican State convention, your nomi
nation can be carried like a tornado.
General Shafter wired the following re
sponse:
BAKERSFIELD, April 15.
In conclusion the major wrote:
, '"Can ¦ wo ¦ have your permission to use your
rams in the coming canvass in the behalf
aforesaid?"
I . write this letter to you at the request of
the caucus of which I spoke.
; The Army and Navy Republican League of
Lo3 Angeles carries 1000 members on Its roll.
Forty-two delegates, of which I am one. have
fcten chosen to attend a convention of the Re
publican clubs at San Jose. At a caucus of
our delegates, held a day or so ago, your name
was brought forward and enthusiastically dis
cussed as an available candidate for the Re
publican nomination for Governor of Califor
nia. The question I am ¦ authorized to most
respectfully address to you is:
LOS ANGELES, April 9.— Politicians,
are endeavoring to reconcile General
Shatter's . positive denial in Bakersfleld
last evening that he could be Induced to
become a candidate for Governor with the
telegram the general sent to Major, Hor
ace Bell last Saturday, a fac-simlle of
which was printed in this afternoon's Ex
press. Under* date of April 2 Major Bell
wrote to General Shatter in part as fol
lows:
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
Shepard R. Bucey, assistant cashier of
the American National Bank, was one
of the most resDected young men of the
city. He had been a resident here for a
number of years.
"Mr. Bucey came home from the bank
about '6:30 o'clock, and every thins was
pleasant as usual. There is no other
cause which I can i.-nagine but insanity."
"I was In the kitchen when Mrs. Bucey
fired the first shot. I started in, but. see-
Ing her approaching with a smolclnjr re
volver, I returned to the kitchen, where
Mr.' Bucey's mother was with the eigh
teen-month-old baby. With the second
shot the old lady started into the room.
Just then Mrs. Bucey ran up to her hus
band and fired two shots through his
held. His mother cried out: *Oh! she
has killed my boy!' Mrs. Bucey then kill
ed hfcrself.
The most reliable account of the tra?
edy is given by a servant, Elizabeth Me-
Nulty, who said: ¦•
EVERETT. Wash., April 9.— A dreadful
tragedy was enacted here shortly after 7
o'clock this evening, when Mrs. Shepard
R. Bucey, wife of the assistant cashier of
the American National Bank, killed her
husband, their four-year-old sen and her
self in a fit of Insanity. When assistance
arrived at the house the clenched hand of
Mrs. Bucey still retained the smoking re
volver. In the parlor lay the body of
Mrs. Bucey, shot through the heart. .By
her side was her four-year-old boy, Eu
gene, with a bullet hole through hi3 head.
In the dining-room, adjoining the parlor,
was Bucey's body, with two bullet wounds
behind the left ear.
Special Dispatch to- The Call.
headquarters, contentedly awaiting de
velopments which will occur, it is pre
dicted, through the efforts of his - Sena
torial friends.
Though Major Walle*'- made his charges
under oath, the War Department believes
they are exaggerated and is disposed to
regard General Smith's denial as suffi
cient answer. General Chaffee will con
sider Major Waller's statement in con
nection with any further proceedings,
but as he approved General Smith's plan
of campaign any action he may take
will probably not be important. It was
said at the department this afternoon
that as soon as the natives had been con
quered General Smith had Issued an or
der dated February 22 last, announcing
that "Active opposition to our occupa
tion of the island has crumbled away.
There are undoubtedly a considerable
number of rebels left in the mountains,
but their power of resistance Is shattered.
We nave In the past compelled them to
respect us by force of arms, and we must
in future compel them to respect our gen
erosity of heart for a vanquished foe
end our purity of purpose in waging war
upon their misguided leaders and their
followers."
PARMY AND MARINES.
The effect of the statement of Major
Waller has been to intensify the feeling
between the army and the marines. One
enny officer said to-day that even If
Smith had given the order Major Waller
alleges, an army officer would never have
observed it. The marines assert that Wal
ler was justified in executing the order
given him, and point to the fact that
obedience is the cardinal virtue of a sol
dier. From their point of view. Major
Waller's charges are substantiated by
the letter of the Civil Governor of Taya
bas, which Secretary Root transmitted
yesterday to the Senate Philippines Com
mittee, and which will be submitted lo
the committee at a meeting to-morrow.
Through the flurry caused by the latest
developments. General Miles sits in army
GENERAL SMITH'S ACTION.
column,
"Have you ever thought." he continued,
"that warfare in all ages taxight that the
number of wounded is largely in excess
of the number of killed? Yet the reports
show few wounded Filipinos, and as I
have stated, nowadays there are not many
more prisoners taken.
"General Smith assumed command In
Samar," he said, "immediately after the
exterminating of a company of the Ninth
Infantry at Balangiga. This was a most
treacherous massacre. The troops were
naturally Inflamed by it. General Smith
gave orders that in view of the savage '
and treacherous character of the foe no !
prisoners should be taken. It was to be
war to the death until the island had been
pacified. The plan was similar to that
observed in Indian campaigns in our own
country. General Smith became indig
nant at Major Waller because the latter
insisted on taking prisoners and then con
stituting himself a court to try them and
order their execution. The country should
understand the character of the foe, and
when they appreciate it no surprise
would be expressed that General Smith
put the most drastic orders Into effect."
administration in that province. If the
Senate Philippines Committee makes a
thorough investigation into the rumors of
outrages perpetrated by American troop3
facts of a sensational character will come
to light.
FEW "WOUNDED REPORTED.
One distinguished general officer, who
recently returned from an inspection trip
in the Philippine archipelago, pointed out
to-day that few prisoners were taken in
engagements between the Americans and
Filipinos, and there was a decided absence
oX_TTOEBde<r from native . casualty
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
TT., WASHINGTON. April 9.— When Ma
jor Waller of the United States Marine
Corps made his sensational charge that
Brigadier General Jacob Smith, command
ing the troops in Samar, had ordered the
extermination of natives, he threw a
bombshell which has exploded in the War
Department. At army headquarters Lieu
tenant General Miles feels that there has
been quick substantiation of his state
ment that the war in the Philippines has
been conducted with "marked severity,"
and he believes the country will now ap
preciate that there was no ground for the
criticism made by the President and Sec
retary Root that he had assumed tbe
truth of charges reflecting upon the credit
of the army in advance of the investiga
tion which has been ordered without giv
ing General Chaffee, upon whose particu
lar command the charges reflect, an op
portunity to be heard. In the War De
partment regret is expressed that Major
Waller's charge should have been made
immediately after the publication of the
allegation of Lieutenant General Miles
and the information contained in the let
ter of the Civil Governor of Tayabas, re
flecting upon the military discipline and
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is altogether probable that Congress
will do something in the light of this sug
gestion.
"It is not practicable now to discontinue
the transport service upon the Pacific,
but I do not think it desirable that the
United States should own and operate a
fleet of passenger and freight vessels in
time of peace. It would be gratifying If
the American merchant marine could
furnish vessels to transport our men and
supplies as part of the regular com
merce between the United States and the
Philippines, under contracts which would
enable the Government in time of war
to put vessels under the control of regu
lar officers of the army or navy . for
transport purposes, upon reasonable om
pensation. It is desarable that authority
be given by. jCongcess J-o make 'suc^r con
tracts in case the op'pVrtunrty'for: "such"
an arrangement should be afforded In
the future.? r ~V *«.
Republican leaders in Congress said to
day that no amount of Investigation coul-J
remedy abuses of this character. In his
annual report to Congress Secretary Root
said: -
It was said to-day by prominent lead
ers that no action of this kind is prob-.
able, but that possibly the result will
be Congressional authority to the War
Department to change the transport serv
ice, as suggested by Secretary Root in
his annual report.
It is said that Secretary Root has known
for some time of the abuses that have
been going on in the Pacific, and has been
anxious to remedy them. Some of these
it is impossible to correct, as for in
stance when it has become necessary for
quick action in obtaining and fitting out
transports it has been impossible to get
this done at reasonable rates.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 9.-«No action
has yet been taken in Congress looking to
an investigation pf the transport eerv-
Ice, the irregularities of which were laid
bare in the reports submitted to the
House yesterday by Secretary Root.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Secretary Root De
sires to Abolish
Present System.
Home of Everett Fffc
nancier Scene of
Bloodshed.
Peculiarities of War
Are Considered
Startling.
Later Refusal to Run
for Governorship
Confusing.
His First Telegram
to Major Bell a
A ldi.ll K to*
Authority Is Required
to Change^ the
r Service.
Insanity the Probable
Cause of Triple
Killing.
No Reports of Native
Wounded and No
Congress May Act on
the Transport
Scandal.
Politicians Wonder
Where the Gen-'
eralIs (( At. ff
Banker's Wife Ends
Awful Tragedy
With Suicide.
General Miles Says
His Charges Are
Verified.
FAVORS
NEEDED
REFORMS
SHAFTER
HAS THEM
GUESSING
MURDERS
HUSBAND
AND SON
MARKED
SEVERITY
OF WAR
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— XO. 131.
.SAK ' FR ANCISGO; ' 1902^.Boy; Ifoy % Have Be«n : Insane.'-
'SALT LAKE, UtahfApril'D.— A plea:of
not guilty to the^ charge of murder in! tlje
iaecbud * degree ";-. waa %^rna4^<ln_ the '{', bounty
Court to-day by^plyde^ Felt, .the 15-year
old boy who admlttefl', to/the" police that
he .cut. "the "• throat of Salmuel Collins at
the latter'B t solicitation. . Preliminary ex
amination was waived and Felt was re
manded to the. custody.- of 'the; Sheriff
BaiLwas not asked. It is stated that the
defense probably ' will '¦; be* temporary- in
sanitj'.' - --J^iSSSSMBKBIq^'"^'- ' • ".'¦ •.:-.
I %.?;.»• Your ; First .Duty. ±o; Yourself V*
Is.to.lwkaft^r your. own. comfort The 'com-"
fortable trains of th"e Nickel Plate. Road/.Cbl-".
cago to New York and Boston, carrying. Nickel :
Plite 'dining cars, in which are' served "Ameri- '
caO.Qub meals at from 36c to $1 each, always'
pleas*' the traYelJiigVibllc. JAY W. AtJASH-
p f "! C P.- A.. 37 Crocksr building, San' Fran- |j
«lsco," Cal. i ¦•¦¦ .'¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦ . ¦ -/i. -,,-;
'l .Work for Two Thousand Men';
S DENVER,' Colo., April 9.— Dermer .. &
Olson,' contractors for the construction of
the ten miles of : the \ Denver and North
western . Railroad from Arvada . to 'Cbai
Creek, began the grading ; to-day. ;-ft;:.is
expected to have .600 teams and from 1000
to 2000 men at work within a week.
J ST. HELENA, April 9.— Business men
of St. Helena have reorganized the Board
of -.-Trade which' went, out of existence
more" than two years ago, - The- new offi
cers are: A. N. Bell, president: J. H.
Steves; first vice president; F. D. r .Wat
kins, second vice, president; E. L. Cave,
secretary;* George • W. Fee, treasurer. _
St. Helena Board of Trade.
T| I *=^y OME, April -9.— The contest for
ll'^Jl the" appointment. of -a successor
|S^^ to Cardinal Martinelli" as Papal
isL^^ I>elegate In the United States has
¦..' ;-~- •-:^ apparently narrowed: down to two
candidates— Ajrchbishop -Falconio, thePa-^
pal 'Delegate^ in Canada, -and-Mgr; Za-
Hnski, formerly. Papal Delegate in the
East . Indies and now. private - secretary
to. > Cardinal Lederchowski. The chances
'prominent prelate, who seems to be the most- favored
candidate for papal delegate to the united states to
SUCCEED CARDINAL MARTINeLlI,: "* • •
— _ . g
of the former are considered to . be th«
best, as ! it - has been shown that he has
undeniable diplomatic ability and Is :.
"man of profound lea"rrilrig'. t Mgr. Za
linslci, however, is- actively .suppocted. bj
Cardinal. Lederchowskl,' who wields' greal
po^yer^as Prefect of the'- Propaganda
The decision will be delayed, because tht
consistory, at which Cardinal -Martinell
will finally gain the red hat, has beer
postponed from June to October. '. .
Students in Tragic Boles.
STANFORD : UNIVERSITY, April 9.—
The first presentation of Sophocles' Greek
tragedy, "Antigone," by the classical' stu
dents and instructors of Stanford, will be
given ; in the assembly hall on Thursday
night, April 17, and it will be again pro
duced on, Saturday morning In order that
the California students who come down to
attend the -intercollegiate track meet in
ithe afternoon may have a chance to -at
tend.'.; . " ¦,.';..
GRINNELi:, Iowa, 'April 9. — Frank Slayers.
Dudley Boyd and James Shaffer were instantly
killed In a boiler explosion At a mill In Peoria,
a small town, sbuth of this place. : James Car
ter, • the ' proprietor, sustained serious inuries.i
The' three victims were literally blown in fras-'
ments. ._' , , _ • ri •
-'.After the exercises in the Auditorium
the President and hls'party made'an lr*^
spectlon-of the dlffereet': buildings.. A:
luncheon/at the Women's building; was 1
the closing event In thd .President's :• visit. \
•Thfe Presiflent antl party then boarded the'
special train on ' the Southern Railway- at}
the>-?exposltion station and departed if or'
BrmmerviHe. '" ' '. ¦' -, : -.-. '¦'¦¦¦,>¦
' . The sword is a Tjeaiidful weapon. 0n
the cover is a gold plate on which .is en-'
graved, "Major Micah Jenkins, Rough-
Riders." : The Wade is an Imported on?,
•fUaid-iin- ;eold. a.rabes«u&_,desi«ns.-. by ,'a '¦
system known only \ in- France,- ahd: show- ¦
ing also the United States moriogram ;
and coat of arms and the American' eagie.!*
riTho hilt is of exquisite: design surmount- it
ed by a magnificent sapphire, surrounded^
'Xfy, twenty diamonds. ' Tassels attached .S
are of silver 1 bullion heavily plated ; wither
gold. On one side appears this: "To 'a;
gentle and courteous South - Carolinian—
Inr action a : perfect game cock— Theodore H
Rocseyelt, Colonel Rough Riders.'. 1 On *1
the other is engraved: "Major Micah <J. -1
Jenkins, Rough Riders' testimonial- of hls^i
•efficiency, and • soldiership and of his : gal- 1
lantry,- in action j while . eerying I with '¦¦ tho *
army of the United States in CubiL.. Fro?n
friends and' admirers' in South Carolina:;
¦Presented by President Roosevelt, April a, 1
•1902.'''. . ''¦'. :,-;>¦¦¦ . ,.--.
At~lhe conclusion of.- the. President's
speech President -Wagner announced that"
the friends and admirers o.f Major Jenkins ]
in South Carolina wishe'd '*-t<)' present a
sword. to him on this occasion land intro
duced- Governor Thompson -. to -. the audi
ence.; The former.Governor was greeted ¦ !
with enthusiastic applause. .'He made a
brief address and ¦-, then ' th.e • 'President i
ctme .forward with evident delight!.' anO,
taking the- sword : from the-hahds-of Gov-
ernor Thompson, turned to Major Jen
.kins, who was ln the undress uniform of
a" major of Rough Riders. -The President
said: /
.' -Major /JenHJns:. ..Npthing^ could give me. !
greater 'ple'astiro thih'tor h^tnd"you,' ray' o!d.|
'friend. and comrades whos*:coUr*g& : I «4.w: again II
and again, and whose courage was ot a tem-'
per that made it . Indifferent what the trial j
was, to .hand you " this; ssiber.'- I am glad to (Soil
It, ae «. guest of South Carolina, as the Preii-']
dent it the United". States, .'but gladder, to do j
It as your, old friend *nd comrade.' •' •. -¦«. j
v ' 'Sword : for: the "Hero/
Above all the administration, of the Govern."
ment,, the enforcement of the -laws, must- bft
f air ' an4- honest. The ¦ la ws are ¦ not • to be '• ad
ministered either -in the interest- of the, poor
man or the interest of the rich man. .'.'They'
are .simply to : be administered- justly;rln the
Interest 'Of justice to each man, be he rich or
be he poor — giving Immunity r to no ..violator,
whatever form the violation may assume. • Sueh
is the' obligation .which every,-.. public". servant '
takes,, and to it he must be true, under penalty;
of .forfeiting the respect; both of . himself, and •
his fellows. "V; ;';-.'.- ; -:' ; . -",~-;;- •- .-••-.. _-.\j
1 This Is an era of great combination*, of both
Jaboc .and .capital. .-..In, many->waja.these.com
binations have worked for good; but they must
work under .the law. and .the laws: cjncernlog
them rnuat be Just and v/ise or! they, will' lr»;
evltably do evil,' and this applies as' much' to
the richest corporation as UT the'most powerful
labor union. Our lav/a must be" -wise, san^,'
"healthy, 1 coticelved in the spirit of'.t&ose who
scoi-n--the mere" agitator, the mere -inciter of
class or sectional hatred; -who- wish justice
for all men; who recognize ' the* need of-aiJi
herinp so' far as possible to the old ; American!
doctrine Ot giving the -widest possible- -scope
for the free -exercise of indlvi"dua^ initiative
and yet who recognize also . that after; com
binations have reached a certain; stage'- it . Is
indispensable to the general welfare that the '
nation should . exercise over them,', resolutely, i
and, with self-restraint,: but firmly,' the power
lot regulation. -. •.>:.*' ' ' }'';.¦'' ' - !
Daughter of Talmage Marries.
p WASHINGTON. vApril O.-Miss" -.'Maude
D. Talmage, daughter of Dr. T." de Witt
Talmage, and Clarence Frederick Wycko/f
of- Ithaca, N.' -Y., were Imarriea here to
jiay at the residence of V ; the bride's
parents. The -Rev. ".Frank de Witt Tal
mage of Chicago, brother or*- the bride,
officiated. Only relatives of the con
tracting parties and ' a ¦ few- personal
friends of : the bride were present. Tho
toouple left for a' wedding tour, the dura
tion of which will depend on the condition
of .-.th.erbrfde's father, who has been seri
ously ill since his return from the South
about ; .a fortnight ago, and is mucrr worse
to-day-. His condition, particularly in
view of to-day's relapse, has given rise
to much apprehension.
whiclj.tell for. success. Just.as-Httle can -we
afford to follow those who- fear 1 to recognise
inj^tfee and'.endeavor to cut ( Itj out { because
the -task is difficult or even — if performed by
unskilled ¦ hands— dangerous. '•"-¦>
Generals Will Be Promoted.
WASHINGTON April ' V.— The Senate
Committee on Military Affairs . to-day au
thorized favorable reports on the nomi
nations of Brigadier General . Hughes
to be major general and Colonels Isaac
de Russey. Andrew S. Burt and Michael
V. Sheridan to be brigadier generals.
REPUBLIC ANB'" IT Altp ' ;' ,
)'¦: ; . I . . COJSTGEESS v COMMITTEE
OBabcock x)f Wisconsin Is Chairman
; and Other" Former Officers
'-. . V , Are He-elected.
WASHINGTON, April 9.^-The Republi
can Congressional.Committee,.at^a.meet
ing . to-night at; which .".Representatives
Mercer of Nebraska presided, unanimous
ly elected.the old officers, as follows: Rep
resentative .Babcock of- Wisconsin, chair
man;' Heoresentatlyc Sherman of New
York, vice chairman; Representative
Overstreet^of ' Indiana,- -secretafy; Colonel
W. B."- Thompson of this-city. treasurer,
i The /-chairman was authorised to- ap
point an executive committee : of nine
members and to fill any vacancy exist
ing in the membership of the committee.
The only vacancy now existing is that
Df the -member from Oregon. The meet
ing was unanimous and harmonious.
WASHINGTON, April <>.— Throughout
to-day's'sesslon of the Senate the Chinese
exclusion bill was under consideration".
Galllnger of New Hampshire and Dilllng
ham of Vermont opposed the bill, and
Turner of Washington supported it. Gal
linger urged that the pending bill was urn
necessary, unjust and un-American, and
was clearly" ln contravention of our treaty
obligations with China.
' Turner, 'in reply to Gallinger, contend
ed that the pending bill is no more severe
than former laws for the restriction or
Chinese immigration. He asserted that
,the,blll is practically a re-enactment or
existing law, except that u is more lib
eral in the admission cf Chinese mer
chants. He also asserted that the most
'stringent provisions of the bill had been
drawn by Treasury officials, and were
made necessary by the craft and guile
of the Chinese In evading treaty obliga
tions. He also declared that every pro
vision of the bill is in conformity with
the treaty with China, and said that well
meaning Chinese could take 'no excep
tion to its provisions. He defended the
provision prohibiting the employment 01
Chinese crews on vessels going to sea, •
and said ihat criticism of it is inconsis
tent witlrthe recent' action of the Senate
in voting the ship subsidy bill for the
purpose of enabling American ship-own
ers to pay extra wages' to. American sail
ors. -
Dillingham of Vermont addressed the
Senate 1 in opposition to the Chinese bill. '
He said he was heartily in favor of a law
which would exclude Chinese laborers In
accordance with the treaty of 1834. He
would vote, he said, for a substitute for]
the proposed bill, which In effect would
continue in force or re-enact the present
Geary law. That law -had served an ex
cellent" purpose, and was without serious
objectionable features. He thought that,
with two or three minor amendments, the
present law would satisfy any reasonable
advocate of Chinese exclusion. He be
lieved that the real question presented to
Congress was how best to protect Ameri
can labor, American citizenship and
American progress and -prosperity. All
were anxious that such protection should
be afforded. The dangers of the admis
sion of Chinese, he thought, had been ex
aggerated, and were not so serious as had
been pictured. All had agreed that the
operation of the existing law was satis
factory.
After a brief executive session the Sen
ate, at 5:05 p. m., adjourned.
Smith of Michigan
braids Republican
Leaders.
9 - '
House Debate *on the -Cjiban
Measure Becomes y,
'•f'-U-k : -'.''£v- Exciting. , ; ''{\
':;' WASHINGTON, ; April v -9.-The feature
of '.the- Second 'degic*. debate in the; House
oh; the, CutoanVj-e'ciproclty ' bill was the
Impassioned 'speech, in- opposition I to the
:measure by. : Wllliam^vA.' Smith of Mlchl
gaii¦tRepubllcari). 'x-Seuatprs Spooner. and
<juarle§; : of: Wlsco'n'sinv 1 knd | Dolliyer. .of
•Iowa and a group Votf Michigan beet \ BUr"
•gar j: ma v nkfacturers\ in^.^he gallery vyer6 [
•In ills ,-audieh'ce 'and^e w,as ¦ itbeXaUys..ai>
;jjlatudejj>--by's!hlfl-iiiepubilca^> i5uppor"ter$ ; 'as
hej assailed {he. Republican leadeBS^-who ;
were advocating Ui& blH,jl>oldly trh4rgihg
ittiem wlthrbeirig: fai^e? ta tne Republican
coctrlrie «of fDrqtectioir^. ¦/,! - J*5i
. - Morris of - another Republi
can, made it -strong- >5p*ech agalriet the
.bill. I The other ispeiKers t<j-day wettS Ball
j(L>.) of 'lexas anu Sparkma'n (jJ.) of Fior
!ida; both' oi ¦. whom opposed, tne. bill, and
Mondell of Wyoming,-; wno advocated Us
passage. ¦'¦"• . •"" ;.¦•¦.•..{ • /.'
The Democratic and Republlcan-'oppo
nents of- the measure? are. trylng^to get
together on the proposition to take the
dinerential off renned sugar. The indica
tions are that the debate will be prdlract
ed. , The" demand 'for tfm'e to speak is
: great and .there- Is- now>no expectation
,ihat genei-al Rebate will; bu. completed un
til-next"week.f •,;¦;•; •. ' *\
Senators Continue the
Chinese Exclusion
Debate.
New England Men Oppose
' the Bill and Turner
Supports It.
CHARLESTON, S. C, April 9.— Greeted
and and honored by manifestations of the
respect and esteem of enthusiastic thou
sands, President Roosevelt was the guest
of the South Carolina Interstate and
West Indian Exposition to-day. The
weather was ideal.
The events of the day began with a
grand procession through the streets of
Charleston, and afterward there were
speeches in the auditorium, the presenta
tion of a sword by the President to Ma
jor Micah Jenkins, a luncheon at the
Woman's Building and inspection of
the grounds and buildings. The en
thusiasm of the people was unbounded,
and there was standing room only on the
sidewalks and porches and doorways anil
in the wide piazzas of the houses along
vhe line of march.
The parade started from the St. John
Hotel, the " President's auarters, at J 10
o'clock, and was composed of marines,
seamen, cadets, artillerymen and militia
men of four States, under command of
Colonel Charles Morris. U. S. A-. of the
garrison nt Sullivans Island. The route
v.as along Queen, Meeting, Calhoun,
Rutledge and Grove streets to the exposi
tion grounds, and time after time the
President stood la hfs carriage and. ac
knowledged with a smile and a bow the
enthusiastic applause of the people. . A
tally-ho containing members of Charles
ton's Harvard alumni, decked with col
lege colors, greeted the President with the
college yell. x
Ariving at the exposition grounds" the
President reviewed the troops from a
stand near the auditorium, Mrs. Roosevelt
stood at the President's left, and near by
were Mayor Smythe, Governor Mc-
Sweeney, Governor. Aycock and others.
The Pre'sident was particularly pleased
with the appearance and march of the
"jackies" and made several • compli
mentary remarks as various State troops
passed before him.
Thousands Give greeting.
When. .the President entered the audi
torium, he bowed and smiled . his a"c
knowledgments to the cheering which
gre-eted r.im from 10,000 throais.
Flags and bunting were draped within
the building and a dais erected for Mr.
Roosevelt was covered with a large liag.
The audience heard the speaker with at
tentive appreciation and . cheered to the
echo many of the sentiments expressed,
but the President was the center of at
traction at* all times. President 1 Roose-'
velt's incisive, clear-cut words never fell
en more attentive ears. Mayor Smythe
introduced Mr. Roosevelt, who spoke as
follows:
It is to me a peculiar privilege to speak here
In your beautiful city. My mother's people
were from Georgia; but before they came to
Georgia, before the revolution, in. the days
of colonial rule, they dwelt" for nearly a. cen
tury in South Carolina; and therefore I can
claim your fitate as mine by inheritance no
\stm than by the stronger and nobler right
which makes each foot of American soil- in a
cense tbe properly of all Americans.
Charleston is not enly a typical Southern
city; it Is also a city whose history teems witii
events u-hich link themselves to American his
tory ss a whole. In the early colonial days'
Charleston was the outpost of : cur : people
against the Spaniard in the south. ¦ In the
days of the revolution there occurred here.
wine of the events which vitally affected the
outcome of the struggle fcr independence, and
which Impressed themselves most deeply on :
STRIKES HARD
AT RECIPROCITY
the popular mind. It was here that -the tre
mendous, terrible drama cf the civil war
opened. . , ~ •--"• ; -• •'*' *• - :. - c ¦ , ., : -r
With delicate and thoughtful ' courtesy you
originally asked me to come to this exposition
on the birthday of Abraham - Lincoln. The
invitation not only showed a fine generosity,
and manliness in you. my hos^s.-rbui '.it'.alscg
emphasized what- hardly anything : else: eiju id!
have emphasized — how compJetely wcare/jrowj
a united people. The wounds left by the great
civil war, incomparably * the . greatest . waMP
modern tlmee, have healed, and' tts ; memories
are now priceless heritages of*: n'ofior alike.; to 1
the North and to the South. ¦ The 'devotion."
the eelf-sacriflce. the steadfast- reeolutionV.ai-.d.
lofty daring, the high devotion" td the rlght"ks-:
each man saw it, whether N6tthemeror Smrth-'^
erner — all these -qualities of ..the men- and; '
women of the early sixties now shine -luminous.:
and brilliant before ourVeyes r while the' ;iiilslstj
of anger and hatred that once dimmed" them" j
nave passed : away • forever. . : J v '.;-";'; rt- .-¦.•;•' !
Praise for the Vetetans. >» '.K\ • j
AH of us, --North and iSouth.Jtan ;glocy.;alikc!i
In the valor of the men who'- wgore the blue 'and i
of the men who wore th.e gray. ;. Those' Vtere 1 }
iron times, and pnly iron men 'could fight to ; lUs-!
terrible finish" the giant 'struggle bet ween'khc-'
hosts of Grant and Lee. . To us of the present; |
day and to our children and children's children.; i
the valiant deeds, the high -etodeavor and ab- !
negation of self shown in-that struggle by ahose !
who took part therein will remain forevermorc.'
to mark the level to which, we In our turn must'
rise whenever the hour of. the; nation's, -need
may ccme. K; • . ..•-•. - r - ' ¦'
When four years ago this ¦ nation' was com-'
* ii d t0 face a foreign foe the.'compietenesd
oi tne reunion became instantly and strikingly i
evident. The war was not one which calle*!'-!
for the exercise of more than an insignificant:
fraction of our strength/ tfhduhe-irtrain 'put I
upon us was slight, indeed, compared with the i
results. But it was a satisfactory .thing. t6»see'
the way in which the eons .of- the soldiers'. of
the Inion and the soldiers cf .the Confederacy
leaped eagerly forward, emulous to show lr;'
brotherly rivalry the qualities, which had : won
war"" f ° r their Others, the men of the jjeat',
It was my good fortune to- serve -under, an
ex-Confederate general, gallant old Joe- Wheel
er, who commanded the • cavalry": division :it
bantiago. In my regiment there were certainly
as many men whose fathers had eerved'ln -the i
Southern army as there were men whose falh- ,|
ers had served in the Northern army. Among
Uxe captains there was opportunity to promote
but one to field rank. The man who, was ste
eled out for this promotion because of con
spicuous gallantry in the field was the son of a |
Confederate general and was himself a citUen
of this, the Palmetto State, and no American
officer could wish to march to battle -beside a
more loyal, gallant and absolutely S fearless
comrade than my former captain, and. major.
y Y* / ellow citizen, Micah Jenkins. J •«
»WT . mc l ntl1^ as0 - » w »n» to the.= enforced
absence of the Governor of the Philippines,, If
became necesEary to nominate a Vice Governor'
£?«^ a . hIs P la ej— one of the most important I
SJ-^f }", our , r Government at this time: II
ncniinated as Vice Governor an ex-Confederate,
Oenerai Luke Wright of Tennessee. It ik
therefore an ex-Confederate .who : now stands
oeont 6 in XP^ ne t nt of thIs Govemnjent.and this
l ereat eroup of ¦" Elands - in the
eastern Beas, over which the Am«r lean -.fias*
nart m < S nenrt: F right has taken^aleadluf
part In the work of eteadily" bringing order
founHh! ? u , 1 °J the J>l°ody chaos inf which we
tound the Islands.- He Is now taking a lead
of^the hA~ 0 \? m X, ln ."PhoWing- the holier
or tne flag, by making • it respected as thj
holding its honor by unwearied labor for- the
establishment of order- and liberty-^ law-*
undr? r; n 7 i x^ 8 ! 688 whlch has been made
i^^« C^^r 'mo.^rfa^^?.
hi ad f, od » proofof th«" completeness of
ine -reunion of our country that one cf th^
drK-^ St fo^rd W^ haVC b^n instrumental' in
aruing forward the great work of civilization
has made abundantly evident the fact fhn*
-'•,T in h wa t r in l e n On *T h l™ r k "* Southerner
-in, in war, know only the generous dMlre to
»n C i^i e ? 01 ? , aS ts t0 6 «m«late the resource?
fioi ! th tr if S & a P artlcu^r action lsentl
t r A t^ «"PP<>rt- from every quar
ter cf the Union. Thoroughly good national
jrerk can be done only If each^u? wo?ks
fcara for himself and at the same time keens
SSffi^S SSS.* 1 " 1 he must !
Vou have made a particular effort in your'
Ifil° lltl^ !s f°.<«t into touch with the W>8t J In!
OSes. This is wise. The events of the last
four years have^shown us that the . Welt fn
tv Vf-rH^i'"™, 11 * ta . tbe future willoccu
fv. • L Urger place ln our national policy
n n V he Th L 8 i8 Proved by the wg^
!.',** ?* for th T P urchas e of the Danish.Isl
ands, the acquisition of Porto Rico the' nr<L
fina.Ij by the changed relations which tbes© :
jcar? have produced between- us. arid tuba = -
,-v S if na . tion , we liave an especial richt to
irike honest pride in what we have done Sot
parallel in the conduct of any other great °tdt»
that has occupied such a position as our? V.V
bave kept our word and done our duty lost
•s an honest individual in private life keeps
his word and doe3 his duty. • 7-"r ™
B« it-remembered, moreover, that after- our
three years' occupation of the Island we turn
H over to the Cubans in a better condition than
It fcaa ever been in all' th« centuries of Span
ish rule This has a direct bearing upon oSr
own welfare. Cuba is bo near to us "that we
can never be Indifferent to miEgovernmcnt'iind
disaster within Its limits. Tlie mere fact «5t
« J "^' a ,l mI 5 istraUon in islands iias minim-
Ize^the danger from the dreadful scourge ™r
yeJIow fever, alike to Cuba and to ourBelve"
l^rt^bTtwefn^ 15^" th " C ° mmUn Uy -A'
The Relations With Cuba. • .-.
But there are other interests Which bind, us
topethpr. Cuba # s position makes it necessary
that her political relations with us. should dif
fee from her political relations with .other
powers.. This fact has been ¦ formulated by us
and accepted by the Cubans In ' ' ther Platt'
amendment^ It follows as a corollary "bit
where the Cubans have thus' assumed a nosi
tion of peculiar relationship to our political
system they. must similarly stand In a peculiar
relationship to our economic system '- ¦ Zt:
We have rightfully insisted upon Cuba adopt-'
ing toward us an attitude differing! politically
from that she adopts, toward any other power
and in return, as a matter, of right. w« must
give, to; Cuba, a different— that is a b*tterl
popition economically in her relations with un
than tve gave or give to other powers. • This
Is the course dictated by. sound policy by a
wise and far-sighted view of our own interest
and by the position we have taken durimr the
paet four years. We are a wealthy and pow
erful, country, dealing with a much weaker
one. and tho contrast in wealth and strength
maVes it all the more our duty«to deal with
Cuba as we have already" dealt with her in a
spirit of large generosity. -- . * . . '. ,.
This exposition is rendered poesible because
,of the period of industrial prosperity through
which we are passing. While material wet 1
being is never all-sufficient to the life of a na
tion, yet it is the merest truism to say that
its absence mean* ruin. We need to build a
higher life upon it as foundation; but we can
build little Indeed unless this foundation of
prosperity Js deep and broad. > The^weli-bein*
which we are now enjoying can be secured only
through general business prosperity and such
prosperity is conditioned upon the. energy and
hard w«rk. the sanity and the mutual • reBtxvt
of all classes of capitalists. . large and small
of wageworkers of every degree. .. -
Ae is inevitable in a time of business pros-'
perity, some men succeed more than others
and it is unfortunately also inevitable thai !
when this Is the case some unwise people are
sure to try to appeal to the envy and jealousy
of those who eucceed least. It Is a rood thin£
when, these appeals are made to v remember
that while It Is difficult to Increase prosperiS"
by law it is easy enough to^ruin it, and that
there.is email satisfaction to the less pros
perous If they succeed in overthrowing- both
the more prosperous ana themselves iln 'the'
crash of a common disaster. ¦ .'. - . -'?..
Great/Problems Loom;?/ v .;* a
Every Industrial exposition of this -"'"tV'n*
necessarily calls up the thought of . the com
plex social and economic^ questions which ar«
involved In bur present Industrial system Our"
astounding material prosperity, the sweep and '
rueh, rather than the mere march of our pro
gressive, material development. . have brought
erave*". troubles -In- their train.— '.We 1 -, earning'
afford to Ijllnkat these troubles aiiyimore^hafa 1
because of. them, we can afford to accent- a±i
true the gloomy, forebodings of the • prophets
of evil.- There are great problems before ais\
They are not Insoluble, but they can be solved
only if we approach them, In a 'spirit of res>»
lute • fearlessness, of common sense and of
honest Intention, to do fair and ; equal Justice
to all men alike. We are certain to fail if
we adopt the policy ; of the demagogue who
raves against the wealth which is simply the
result. of embodied thrift, foresight and- intel
ligence. . who would > shut ', the * door * of ¦ oppor
tunity against, those . whose: energy we! should
especially s foster, by penalizing (the ' Qualities
NATION'S CHIEF LAUDS
THE PATRIOTIC SOUTH
President Roosevelt Speaks at the Charles
ton Exposition of Loyalty and Prosperity
and Presents a Saber to Major Jenkins
DECISION IS DELAYED
IN NAMING A DELEGATE
STORM CENTERS
ON THE TREATY
' ..' . . - — ' — — ' ~ '. ' - - . ¦ ' ¦
Pope, Leo V^ill Reject Either Archbishop Fal
x coriio of Canada or. Monsignor Zalinskhof
E£sk;:India; as a Successor, to Martinelli
2
THE SAST ,-'¦. ;FB AN CISCO CALL, THUKSD A Y, APfi IL- 10, 1902.
•:,-.-.: . — • ? » .-:,¦. ¦ : ; ¦¦: ¦ ;» .
- ¦ .-To "Cure a Cold in One I)ay > : i-
Take' "Laxative "BromO-Qutnlne i "Tiblets '-" -" All
druggists , refund . the . money if., \%..f ails to ' cur«/
E. W. Grove's signature is on each box, 25c
©©@©®©8©©©®©©©©©©©©©©©©©@©®©©©G®©©©®©@©@©©©e
fp.- ¦' ¦ ; ... ¦ ¦,- V- • "-. - •..•.•¦-.•¦:.- •¦ ¦- . ¦-¦-....;.-. • -.. -.' ¦ \
I Is Gui-frigy
§Y As remarkable a statement as this "may. seem to those who .believe
0 -consumption fs; incurable, we cannot help but believe thafHalpruner's is
©> curing consumption. ; ¦ . : " , v,' ' > . " v.
€9 ;¦ - .-Wlieh' a; woman' who •suffers with consumption and knows .that she is'.
® suffering with it takes ' Halpruricr[s and begi»s to improve and her suffer-..
2 'ing ceases and she continues to- improve,, this is sufficient evidence- to
2 warrant us'- in.'.'saying 1 that Halprunex's wili cure consumption "if taken in
: the: early, stages,, and .will -relieve' a great deal- of 'suffering at all-times. -
© from; Mrs> Ella Andefson'pf San Antonio, Texas,
® : indicates her condition before she; began : using ¦.HalpruneV's; Wonderful
©'•^Medicine: V';' '¦ • ¦ ¦¦¦ '¦/¦¦¦'>.': / ¦ :'¦ '".' '. '" \.. v \. ; ¦'¦¦•-¦.'¦¦¦-'¦.. ¦ •¦. ( -
® .MY DEAR- SISTER: I bad the doctor: examine my luners to-day 'and he—I-
ff : : \ i said they were afflicted, especially . the ; left . lung, do I< have given '¦ up all ¦ hoper v
f)- ; 'and. don't < care . whether I Bet: wen qr not.;I.amnow taking Dr. syrup '•
•5 I drink a. whisky, egg and 'milk ; twice, a day , for- strength. "-- I • eat broth and ¦•'
Z '•¦''other thlnKB which I can retain", on my stomach;'. ¦ The -, doctor 'advises -me ; to-. ' ;
2 .'*;¦ take . a •¦ trlD to' Colorado— up In • the mountain alrr— and ; said California ; would
W ,¦-,¦ never do ; at all in -• my " condition.-. I have • those -hot, • hectic-, flushes- : every -.
© afternoon , and - : I cough awfully. . I ¦ have-, been' -feeling so bad my ,- husband -
0. <\ had to change his watch from ¦ night to- day, 1 - In order to:. r^malnv with -me. I '.¦•
a - %.' am ' very much ; discouraged: uStlll. It, Is nothing more. than > I expected all alonr • ¦
JJ - — 'tny dear father having died ot consumptions ; I ,f eel - too bad to- -write /more. ¦¦•:
" Ever your lovlnsr sister, • , - ..- ' . • • .' ¦¦¦ ¦. , 1 '" 1 ' ELLA -
© ' .' (Mrs.^ EUa Anderson),- San 'Antonio, Tex. r. .' . _'j^,'.>V> " ¦'"-'-.-'••
g^.; '['. A sister of Mrs..Anderson'sqfAlameda,Cal., recommended the use
©::of Halpruner's and. sent her several bottles. .A^ the end ;'of; three weeks
• 7 the : sister, received .^another lettef," whiclf proves >Halpruner's ; is a truly
• • -wonderful medicine:, ' . :; ." ' :^ -'¦¦¦-¦ ¦ , ; ":
® V : ' SAN. ANTONIO. Tex.,March 7 190°
©¦'--.-' •:.-- '- MY 'DEAR SISTER:: :•-. -Your- recent letter -.to r hand,; and. . as. you se'e I
a ... hasten; to .reply.; That means I .. am.'settinR.'well aulck, does It ,not? I -am '¦'¦'
S -; f«ellng much •• batter,, and dare say It . is ¦ Halpruhcr's that has made the de-
w " sired Improvement in me. . - My chest rand lung*, do not' pain me at all now ' '
9 . " and'I Bleep very well.' I take >the medicine three tlmes'a day Internally with
Q water" and rub -my chest; thoroughly -at nlght^ baton -retiring. .Also nour
g* some : of the niedinlne : in ' water and^boil .It. Inhaling the "steam. f am on
©^ 1*,-; my third lanee, bottle : and It .wiUMast another -week.'. -"-I. am not taking anv "
: other medicine— the 5 cod liver 'oil;. I cannot stand; and the strychnine I will not "
• ¦';¦ ' take, for ;lt en ses ;¦ for *. the 'time; only, y; As ever your sister, . ...ELLA. -',
% : ,' If You Suffer From Weak Lun^s, ; -<' '
• r. Pains, in the chest,, and feel at all; worried over your condition, -the most
g reasonable thing" for. you to ; do ; is -to call . or : write to i Dr,.; Halpruner, . 28 :
2 ; California street.* 1 Iti won't cost yoii^any money/and it may;be tHe fneahs
£-' of;^^saving; you. 1 a long lingering;^^suffering r and" then ; death., " ' v ' -
q ' " IVNow,- don't .allow/your fpreJMdXcie^r.your.-skepticism; to keep you" from
O . trying a : ,medicine;that islikely.'togive you immediate relief and cure ybu'i
• permanently if you take- it conscientiously.. AH sufferers from >weak" : lungs.r^
g sore throat.Abrqnchial tro
S 1 on Dr. ?-Haipruher r ahyafternb6n\ between :.V and :4 -o'clock, !Satur- :
0 rday and Sundays, ; : - t where ythetdoctor]^.will; give^ them JtriaK treatments free !
O and a^. .other information* they fdesirej in reference r t6".his r medicjne. .: ' ¦ .:•*"!
f>" ; If you live outsideof San'-FranciscoV/it .would; be .;"adyisable'-'to write" 1
• -'.him. giving in all the inforrnation necessary in, reference to your com-' '
g: -.'plaint.-/- -V, 1 ,- ..-/. :¦;.,.¦;¦ ;/ ¦ >.;- \ '. .;...;. & } . "¦.;,;: ; V- ;/ ; :-. . ;: . :: ;¦;.-'
X All druggists 'sell Halpruner's — 50c and |1 a > bottle— the Urge' size contains three
W .times^ the. quantity, of the. small. Don't let your druggist talk, you -out of If some
• »_•-. will do-il'lf they : can. "- ; .. ¦ - -. - - ,--. ' ' ' " * : - •
FAINE'S CELEBY - COMPOTTND.
What! Does the firim Specter
Follow Yon Into the
Joyous Springtime?
PAINE'S CELERY
cdivipbUND
Defeats the Work of Death
by Removing Your Ter-
rible Burden of Disease.
. Are you "still in suffering, misery and
despondency? Does the grim specter
Death follow you closely as the Joyous
springtime brings- happiness- and blessings
to. others around you? Are you still cling-
ing, .tenaciously, to false theories of phy-
sicians or friends who persist in assuring
you that time, care and the use of your
present medicine will give you new
health? -. \ .
Be assured your present condition i3 a
perilous one. The continuance of the
medicine you are . now - using is a folly;
you are simply trilling with life and
wasting precious time, j
You should .remember that while na-
ture clothes the. fields with fresh grass
and flowers, and while the trees with a
strong life are showing bursting buds and
new-foliage, that human beings— old and
young— drop off. in .thousands in spring-
time. *
Now is the time for prompt, decided and
practical . action If life is - to be saved.
Prejudice and the' erroneous theories of
even medical men should be cast aside
when the hand of death is upon you. It
matters not what your social position be—
the medicine that saves the humblest
manor woman is surely the one adapted
for the needs of the rich .and those ra
high social positions.
Paine's Celery Compound has a record
of life saving: that no other medicine can
ever equal. It has rescued rich and poor
from the grasp of death when physicians
and their most carefully prepared pre-
scriptions failed in the work. If the suf-
fering men and women of to-day could
but seo the happy- faces and hear the kind
words spoken by the tens of thousands
who have been made well and strong by
PalneVs Celery Compound, it would soon
dispel their existing doubts and fears.
PaJne's Celery Compound Is the only
medicine that reaches the root of dis-
ease; it is the only agency that can re-
move your terrible load of disease. Un-
solicited testimonials of cures pour in
every day. Young and old constantly bear
witness that rheumatism, neuralgia, kid-
ney disease, liver complaint, dyspepsia and
blood diseases are banished permanently
when Paine's Celery Compound Is faith-
fully used for a time. Begin its use to-
day/poor sufferer; delays are dangerous.
Always Ask for Diamond Dyes
TAKE NO OTHER. * "^ v "
OCEAJI TBAVEL. ;: .;.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• " ' . . Steamers leavs" Eroadwa7
gS^ ' ' -. 'Wharf. Saa ' Francisco :
' For Ketchikan. Juneau.
!?I5SS»**«V Skaguay, etc.. Alaska — 11
i JB^Ky<tl36V a.-m.. April 6. 11. W. 21;
' Qi^lKi«Sl 2e ' Ma y 1.". Change to com-
i pany's steamers at Seattle.
***3|&S3iS1 For Victoria. Vancouver.
*r Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Kverett. New What-
con>— 11 a. m.". April ». 11. 18. 21. 26. May. 1.
Change at 'Seattle -to tni» companya. steamers
for AUaka and Q. ».'IU-f •* Seattle xwTacoma.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Ii30 1, -P. , m-
Aprll 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. May 2. . - .-. - .- = ¦¦¦¦>. j
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa- Barbara—
Spokane. Sundays. 9t.ni.', State of CaiUornia.
"Wednesdays, 0 a. m. • ~ '¦ . -^ 1
For Los Angeles (via .San PedToand East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. - San Simeon. Cayucos. . San Luis- Obiapo
Cvia Port Hartord>. Ventuwu Hueneme anij
•Newport ('Santa Cruz only). ¦"'-'*
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., April 12. 2©. 29.-.May «.
Santa Cruz. «- a. m. (freight :only)»"AprU 8,
For Ensenada, Magdalcna Bay. Saa Jose del
Cabo,. Mazatlan, Altata, L& Paz. Santa- Rosa-
lia, Guaymas 'fMex.) — }.O a.m.. 7th eactt month.
For further Information" obtain folder. "-¦
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. . '- ' .
TICKET OFFICE — * Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ¦'•¦.- '."¦•". ' ¦ '--¦¦¦
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen.' Agents,
10 Market st., San Francsico. . ;
Pacific Coast Steamsbip Co.
; LEAVE * SEATTLE.
SENATOR ..JUNE 1
VALENCIA .JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter .during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Of flee. 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel). 1 . '• ¦ >.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. GenL Aganta.
-. .". 10 -Market St.. San Francisco.
d.k & \Ni:&o,-
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, -Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
IiCWSiST - XLA.Or£3S.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
£S COLUMBIA Sails... April 13. 23, May 3, 13
SS" GEO. "W." ELDER Sails ."......;..-
............ U...... April 8. 18. 25. May *
Steamer sails from foot 'of Spear st.,* 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mon^T. 3. p.
TWIX-SCBEW EXPRESS SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOiJRG— HAM BURG. .
F. Bismarck.... May tlDeutschland ...May 15
• Columbia ....... May 81 A. Victoria. . . ; May 22
twix-screw passenger servicr
Plymouth— Cherbourg— Hamburg:
Pennsylvania ..April 221 MoIUce .-. . . . . ;. May «
Pretoria April 20j Patricia. .......May 13
Hamburg-American Line; 37 B'way, N. Y.
• HERZOG & CO.. General Agents lot Paciflo
.Coast. 401 California »t., San Francisco. * .
00MFAQRIS eXMSBALB TSANSAtLAKtlQTJS
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE^PARia. *.' -^r *
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4fiRry&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.,'from pier 42. —JsiS&m
North River, foot of Morton street.
dasa ta Havre. $70 and. upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. . GENERAL"
AGEjNCY- FOR UNITED STATES and CA?£
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI. Se CO.. ; Pacidc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco:
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket .Agent*,-
• NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON.- LONDON
Philad"pha.Ap.l8,10 amiSt. Louis..Ap!.30.10a"r«
St. Paul-.Apl. 23. 10 ureiphllad-pha.May7.10 im
NEW .YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
¦ Pennland..Apl,l-t..3 pn?|Kin»ingtbn.Ap.23.^noon
Vaderland.-Ap.lS, noonlZeelaad...Apl. SO, nocn
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO ¦
CHA3.-D. TAYT.OR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgqnv'y; st.
BAY, ANlT BIVEB * STEAlEEBs,
Steamers GEN, FRI3BIE or MONTICELIO
8U5 a. m., S:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun.
a3 f; , Su ° da y. 8:4 ? o a 4 rt ln - 8:30 P- a>. Leaves
\allejo 7- a., m.,- 12:30 noon, tt p. m.. <xcej;
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fan-iu
cents. ¦ Telephone Main . 1S<^» Landing and"
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
DB. PIEBCE ? S BEMEDIES.
PIsioB Pf&g$Ss®
Is becoming more popular among •women.
The reason given is that a woman should
know how to use the pistol for self pro-
tection. The theory should be carried
farther. Where a woman . /--*
is in danger from assault 'S^^tt
once she is in danger from «BhMcff
disease every day of her \ "^« ~
life. Women xdiiPv
have not only to a^£S$~-~iS /l /jmjim yV\
run the risk of **— lirfvm& U \
diseases which \ mS
threaten husband, \^z y¥^ki
brother, and son, but &S&!!bL^^
they have also to guard McM^k
against diseases which H&Sasisa
are peculiar to woman- Pxyf^ftjrk -
From these diseases "
Dr. pierce's Favorite , •
Prescription will effect-
ively defend women.
The use of this medi-
cine preserves as well
as restores the woman-
ly health. It corrects f§l§lll§|llP
irregularity, dries
weakening drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration, and
cures female weakness.
« I cannot say enough for Dr. Picree's Favoritis
Prescription and ' Golden Medical Discoverv ' •
¦writes Mrs. Ida M. Tutt. of 406 Franklin Street,
Cra-vrfordsville. Ind. •< I could hardly walk alone
or do tny housework when I heard of vour won-
derful medicine. I used five bottles of each and
several vials of ' Pleasant Pellets," and can say I
am a well woman. I thank Dr. Pierce for his
advice for he helped me to live. May many
thousand women take ray advice and when in
poor health or suffering: from any female trouble
take Dr. Pierce's -wonderful mecicines." •
Sick women, especially those suffer-
ing from diseases of long standing, are
invited to consult Dr. Pierce, by, letter,
free. All correspondencje- is held as
strictly private and sacredly confidential.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, a book containing 1008 pages,
is given away. Send 21 one-cent stamps
I expense of mailing only), for the book
in paper covers, or 31 stamps for the
volume bound in cloth.. Address Dr.
- \r Pi~rrr\ TSr-fralo. N. Y. . -
'..PERFECT'' ..Y :
Used by people of refinement
fcr over a Quarter of a century.
For Stomach Disorders. .
Cout and Dyspepsin
drink ;;-;./
Best N ATU tiAL Alkallncl Water
: 220 BROAsWaY. N. T. /'.'
Remington i$*£.^**l
1 jr^ V * l *'^ 1 * prompt service
. . X 'wm' m • tm "* "• ¦ " guaranteed >, by
ON RENTAL **«***, &
¦¦¦ cilitiesoadr.Bt-
S" 1 ™ ii^ * ura l interest ln
the refutation of our machine.
WYCKOFF,SEAMANS&BENEpiCT
211 Montgomery St.; S. F/j u
Tel. Main 87. ' •
ADVEBTISEMElffTS.
Stoinebh BjtferSi
* Try a few. doses of this:\von-
dprful' medicine in' the 'spring
when ycu feel run-down, tired
an i nervous. It fs the best
spring medicine known-' to sci-
ence, and will purify the blood,
and build up the system. It
aiso cures Dyspepstaflndigestion,
la Grippe, Malaria, Fever and
Ague.- L'cn't fail to try it. Our
Private Stamp is over the neck
of the bottle.
-^^%- FIVE DOLLAR
ELECTRIC BELT
mSffite^la^^p^ja*^ Same. "as Mothers- ,
..... s-jffij& - genuine. - .Power-.
' --. =$'$& lul current. Latest Im-
\ ;¦..¦¦- '-"-'^SgS Pavements. .It . cures
• , <m^_ ¦ without medicine. Not
sold by. agents or druggists. No discounts.
Free by mail on receipt of price. . Circulars
free. Ask for the "Dr. Alden Electrie-
Belt." Call or address the PIERCB
ELECTRIC CO.. 2OO Post. St., S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
[TOYO KISEN KAJsS
STEAMEKS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COft-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callins at
Kobe (Hiogo). .Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
, necting at Hongkong with ' steamers for- India.
etc. No careo received on board on day of
eailine. . - - ..- .
ES. HONGKONG MARC......... .;.
: .;-.ViV . . ; .Tuesday. April 13th, 1903
SS. . NIPPON MARU «. . . . Friday. May 8tfc. 190J
SS. AMERICA MARU......; i..... •
-Wednesday, June 4th. 1903
, . : ; Round-trip ¦ tickets at . reduced rates. - . " For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner Ftrst. '
'... : . ' ' W. H. AVERT. General Axent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION HBO.
And Gia S ud Americana d9 Vapares
To Valparaiso," stopping >at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m. .
COLOMBIA ..April 11 (GUATEMALA. Apr. ,— '
TUCAPEL ;,. : April 19IPALENA. . . .;" Jklay . —
'These steamers are built expressly . for Cen«
tral and South Amestom passenger «ervlce.-
(No change nt 'Acapulco or Panama.) - Freight
and pasaenger office. 310 California street./- •
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE& CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA,'- for : Honolulu, Samoa,'- Auck- ; ¦'¦'
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. April 10, 10 a. m
8a ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.
- • .. . . .Saturday, April 19. 2 p. W
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
;.......... ..Sunday. May 4. 10 a. m.
J. D. SPRECKELS &: BK0S.CO., General Azts., 329 MarKst
Gen'I Pass. Office, 643 fiaifcet SL.'Pier nb. 7. paeffle sl
1^8 XJ 1? JL -Xj . steel Steamship ;
RO AWOKE
Sails from Seattle about...'...*....... ..June 1st '
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred. free to Seattle.*' -,'. •'"-.¦¦:-. ¦ " "¦•
- Apply. UNION TICKET OFFICE. Ag'eits. ; . i
p^ig^efejjft; 630 Market St.. S. F. - ". j, -V- ! !
PA MAM A 0 UR^STEAMmg ::
rflliAIlfIA Hi Hi line;
TO NEW YORK VIA PAMAMA DIRECT.
• Cabin. 'J 105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll ...:.............::. .sails May O :
S. S.: Leelanaw . A . . . „':-. .... ... . . sails May
'From 1 - Howard-street Wharf. Pier -10. at 2 p. in. i
Freight ¦ and Passenger . Of nee. 330 Market st. .
F.F. CONNOR. Pacinc; Coast- Agant.-
EE9SSHlBBfiBSSflfiB&tfll!i^HRiPOPULAR YOUNG COUPLE WHO WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY
' MORNING AT SACRED HEART CHURCH, LEAVING . SHORTLY
THEREAFTER FOR NEW ORLEANS TO SPEND HONEYMOON.
KINGSTON, , Jamaica, April 9.— The po
lice at Montego Bay are still nuflcing
numerous arrests of rioters. Bluejackets
from the British cruiser -Tribune are fre
quently landed to support the police. No
more fighting has been reported, an-.l the
Government officials think the trouble is
over. ', V: . - •
Bluejackets Aid the Police.
The bride "looked very beautiful I in a
gown of white. satin with a court train.
The flounce was of bride's veiling dotted
with chenille. The front panel of the
skirt was | sprayed with orange blossoms.
vj AfiRRD Heart Church was crowd
'^¦"* •'. ed yesterday morning with friends
• TT^J and .relatives of .Miss. Margaretta
, Helena Costello, daughter of the
-7./ : Jate Augustine J. Costello, of the
flrinbf O'Connor, Moffatt*& Co.. and Wil
liam J. O'Brien, who were united In mar
riage. The ceremony was performed by
the Rev.' H.' Lagan, pastor of the church.
The interior of the sacred edifice was
beautifully decorated with flowers and
presented a handsome appearance. A nup
tial mass preceded the marriage cere
mony. Rev. Father P. Byrne was cele
brant and he was assisted by Rev. Fath
ers Lagan, O'Malley, Brady, Rlordan,
Moran. and Collopy;
During the solemn services a choir com
posed ¦ of Miss Ella V. McCloskey, Alfred
Kelleher and J. Homer Henley rendered
appropriate music At the offertory the
"Ave Maria"- was magnificently rendered
by William McDonald, late of the Bos
tonians."' ¦ • - - * • '
Numerous handsome and costly presents
were received. The . couple departed last
night for New Orleans, where they will
spend their honeymoon. On their return
they will take up their residence in this
city.
The house was very tastefully decorated
In smllax, potted plants and cut flowers.
At the conclusion of the. ceremony the
bridal party and the immediate friends
and relatives of the happy -¦ couple pro
ceeded to the home of the bride's mother
at 902 Steiner street, where a wedding
breakfast was served and a reception was
held. •
She was attended by Miss May O'Brien,
who was bridesmaid, and the Misses Alice
Costello, Mollie O'Bryan and Imelda Dev
lin, maids of honor. Evangie Costello and
May Webster were flower, girls. Augustin
and John Costello were the pages. Joseph
V. - Costello acted • as best man to the
groom, Edward V. McGinty was master
of ceremonies, and the ushers were Wil
liam J. Hines, Thomas W. Hlckey and
Daniel O'Callahan. -
The entire gown was appliqued with white
silk lace studded with pearls. The white
tulle veil was held. in the hair with pearl
ornament and orange blossoms.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 9.— The Demo
cratic State convention will meet In this
city s to-morrow, to nominate a full State
ticket. George E. Chamberlain, former
Attorney General ; of 'the State, and now
Prosecuting Attorney for this city and
county, will have a walkover, in all prob
ability, for the nomination for Governor.
Chamberlain for, Governor.
SAUSALITO, April 9.— John Campbell,
one of the oldest residents of Sausalito.
is dead. Campbell was born In England
and came to California fifty-one years
ago. He was engineer on the Pacific
Coast Railroad Company's ferry-boat San
Rafael. At the time the San Rafael col
lided with the Sausalito. Campbell re
ceived internal injuries, from which he
never recovered. The body will be burled
in this city to-morrow.
aster Ultimately Cause Demise
of John Campbell. .
Injuries Received in Ferry-Boat Di3»
DEATH CATX9 HL-FATED
SAN";. RAFAEL'S ENGINEER
"I am satisfied that if the tenderloin Is
properly searched. the police will find some
trace of the murderer's identity. I am
also satisfied thaf there were others be
sides myself, who knew Nora Fuller's
mysterious companion. She paraded
around the different resorts ' with ¦ him.
openly, and- surely some more of her
friends knew him. She introduced him to
me, but unfortunately I do not remember
the name she g ave. I am sure It was not
Bccnett; "though it may have been Haw
kins. . I am willing to tell the authorities
all I-knowfabout Miss Fuller and her
friend If It will aid them In ferreting out
the murderer.".
Trail Leads Through Tenderlion.
"I have turned the whole matter over
and over in my mind and I am satisfied
that I have told everything I know in con
nection with-- the case," she said.
Mrs. Ward said to The Call correspond
ent this afternoon • that she had nothing
further to . add to the story she gave In
detail yesterday.
"I am convinced that Estelle Baker,
now Mrs. .Bert Ward, is telling the
truth," he said to-day. "I have already
had an unofficial talk with her and all
that she tells me seems" to be based upon
facts. She is an unusually keen observer,
and during the time she met Nora Fuller
with the man known as Bennett she took
particular pains to notice him carefully.
Her statements In reference to having
heard him speak familiarly of the restau
rant on Taylor strfeet and having seen
the couple enter there later ought to sup
ply a clew that may result in the capture
of the strangler. or. at least, give the
authorities a better line on whom to look
for. Sheriff Johnson will be here to-mor
row and together we will get a steno
graphic statement from the . young
weman, which/.we will immediately for
ward to "Chief of Police Wlttman of San
Francisco."
City Marshal Kennedy has taken un
usual Interest In the case. Ever since the
news of the crime was received here he
has been on the lookout for the criminal.
WILLIAMS, Ariz., April 9.— The story
told by Mrs. Bert "Ward, formerly Estelio
Baker, the girl chum of Nora Fuller, has
created quite a furor among the residents
of this city. The young woman, whoao
statements prove conclusively ,that Ncra
Fuller had been an Intimate friend of the
man who strangled her In the vacant
house on Sutter street, is still ill. City
Marshal James Kennedy, who first dis
covered the young woman's whereabonts,
did not attempt to get an official state
ment from her to-day owing to the non
arrival of Sheriff Johnson, from Flagstaff.
The City Marshal notified Sheriff Johnson
by telegraph to-day that Mrs. "Ward was
well enough to make a statement, and in
reply received a telegram stating that the
Sheriff would leave Flagstaff for this
point to-morrow.
The authorities here are convinced that
Mrs. Ward's • information will shed con
siderable light upon the blind trail on
"which the San Francisco police have been
working since the body of Nora Fuller
was found In the house on Sutter street.
She is very positive in her statements.
and she Is absolutely certain that the man
with whom she met Nora Fuller on sev
eral occasions Is the strangler who subse
quently murdered her. Mrs. Ward's de
scription of the man whom Nora Fuller
referred to as "My dearest friend" tallie3
in every detail with the one the polica
have q^ John Bennett.
Clew Will Aid Detectives.-
Special' Dispatch to The Call.
Former Friend of Nora Fuller Confi
dent That Murderer Can. Ba
Traced in His Old
Haunts.
Stenographer Will- Take Full
Text of Her Statement
to The Call. • •
s- of Great Value to "
Detectives.
Mrs. Ward's Information
MAY LEAD
TO CAPTURE
OF BENNETT
; SAN- JOSE. Asrll 0.— Mrs. t. Jane Huey. an
aged - woman ¦ residing Hat" 40 .; South Fourth
street, was fatally burned to-night, her clothes
beintr r Ignited .' from \ an t oil * stove. ::; She :; lay
writhinz . in , the . flames until . firemen • beat '. in
her door land; rescued 'her. .7» vt ~
Photographic Supplies.
Films, plates," papers, 'cameras, printing
and developing. The best of everything at
Sanborn, Vail's; 741 Market . street.- r . *y.
•PETALUMA; April - -9.— The chicken
farmers ', of ': CoronaV north : of here, 5 are
waging a : crusade against a band ~ of
thieves.'' The. farmers haverbeen ;greatly
annoyed by continued ; losses = of chickens
and have been sleeping'on their shotguns
for weeks.' Last night their vigilance was
rewarded by sight of the thieves.;, A fusil
lade was or-ened on the prowlers, but they
escaped.: Not less than twenty shots were
fired, each farmer taking a hand * as ¦ the
thieves ran through his place. ,
Farmers Fire on Chicken Thieves:
/ SACRAMENTO,' April' 9.— Mrs. Matthew
Wagener, while , cleaning kid gloves with
gasoline by the light of a small lamp to
night set fire to the gasoline, which ex
plodfed and Ignited her clothing.- j Before
the neighbors, who* were •< aroused ; from
their beds by * her screams, , could effect
an entrance to her residence and ex T
tlnguish the flames ,• her ¦ clothing was
burned to a cinder and. the front of her
body was frightfully burned from her. feet
to the top .of . heri- head. -Her screams
could be heard for. blocks. Physicians are
in attendance and have administered
opiates to deaden; her pain,, but her. in
juries are- so serious;that there is: little
chance of saving 'her -life. Mrs. Wagener
was alone at the time, h«r ; husband hav
ing, gone to his lodge.' -
Woman Is ' Fatally Burned.
ST. JOHN'S PABISH TO
GIVE " ENTEBTAINMENT
High-Class ; Talent Volunteer to As
, sist at Benefit for Mission
;?, -Road Church.; •
" On Saturday evening next a high
class eptertainment; to be followed by a
social, will be given in 'Mission Turn Ve
rein Hall, Eighteenth street, between Va
lencia and Guerrero, for the benefit of
St. '"John's Church.
• The .pastor, Rev. P. D.. Brady, has de
voted much . time to make this the . ban
ner entertainment of the month, and from
the names that appear on the programme
a successful performance is assured. ¦
Supervisor I Peter J. Curtis will act as
chairman, and the following' well-known
vocalists areon the * programme: Miss
.Etta Welsh,: Miss • Lilian Wilson, Mons.
Eugene Bournizeau, Roy B.' Kay and
Chev. Pietro; Buzzi. -Miss Marie Short
will act ; as accompanist. The ¦ children
from St. John's Sunday School 'will give
a fancy drill and the evening's entertain
ment will . conclude with . a social, .for
which u a" special ' orchestra " has " been ' en
, caged; jjigjBBfflfl
VICTORIA, B. C, April 9.— According
to news received by the steamer Victoria,
which reached port' to-day, the rebellion
in Kwangsi is still sending throngs of
fugitives to Canton, who tell wild ' tales
of the bloodshed that follows the capture
of the walled towns wnen the rebels have
been victorious. r - '
When Talongerhawa fell and the rebels
ran through its streets; ¦ killing, burning
and looting, they found a foreign official
there who was traveling from Canton. He
was dragged from his chair and barbar
ously hacked to pieces In the street. The
murder was reported to Governor Ting
She-ng by fugitives and he telegraphed
the news to Peking, whereupon the fol
lowing imperial edict was Issued:
"We have received telegrams from-Gov
ernor Ting Sheng Tao that In the Kwang
si borders ex-soldlers and rioters are
jointly plundering the people and he is
endeavoring to suppress them; and we
have also received. telegrams that at Ta
longerhawa' a foreign, official who went
innocently- to the district was murders*!
and we are deeply grieved. The local offi
cials could not have afforded the foreign
official proper protection or he would not
have. been murdered, and we should have
been spared this sorrow.'" ,
The officials are ordered to summarily
dismiss the local officials and suppress
the rebels, a work which the Chinese im
perial forces seem incapable of doing.
at Talongerhawa.
Foreign Official Is Hacked to Pieces
MASSACBES BY BEBELS.
i Whereas, The city of San Francieco, as the
financial. commercial and manufacturing
metropolis of the Pacific Coast, should - take
the ' lead In all public affairs and must ulti
mately share. the benefits to be derived; there
fore, be it .
nesolved, That the merchants of San Fran
cisco,- selected and appointed by the promotion
committee and assembled e.t this meeting, con
stitute an "auxiliary committee on finance,"
whose duty It shall be to stimulate interest
and action toward securing financial aid to
carry out the objects sought to be accom
plished. ¦¦:'• ¦';--";•. r,
Resolved, That we fully recognize the urgent
necessity of combined efforts in the direction
of State promotion and hereby pledge our good
will and unrestricted assistance.
. Whereas. Under the direction of representa
tives . of the commercial organizations of San
Fiancisco. of the California State Board of
Trade, of the three associations of the San
Joaqutn Valley, Sacramento Valley and coast
counties and of the transcontinental railroad
companies a committee . has been formed to
promote and vigorously advertise and make
known the bountiful resources and advantages
of • California, in order to ! encourage desirable
Immigration and colonization and to foster the
commercial, agricultural and manufacturing in
terests of the State; and
All the business men at the meeting
appeared thoroughly In earnest and de
termined that something should be done
and done at once to increase the popula
tion and prosperity of San Francisco and
California. Many of the merchants, who
who did«not lend their presence t# ' the
meeting, sent notice that they would sup
port the promotion committee in its ef
forts, and would subscribe toward adver
tising. The matter of raising the neces
sary money was left in the hands of the
executive committee, which will meet this
morning in room 58 of the Merchants'
Exchange building. The following reso
lution, introduced by Julian Sonntag, was
adopted:
Chairman Sbarboro, in calling the meet
ing to order, drew attention to the great
success which the energetic citizens! of
Los Angeles were encountering in devel
oping their sectiqn of the State. He said
tnat the efforts of the merchants of this
city should be toward exploiting the re
sources of Central and Northern Califor
nia. To illustrate the vigor with which
the residents of the southern part of the
State are working for the Interest of their
section, he read a telegram from the Los
Angeles Chamber of Commerce showing
that within the last ten years the citi
zens cf the southern metropolis have ex
pended $335,800 In advertising, exhibitions
and fiestas. >¦ -
Arthur R. Briggs of Fresno "told the
merchants that the people of the interior
were ready to back them up in whatever
they might decide to do In the interest
of the State. Charles Bundschu deliv
ered an eloquent address on the resources
of the State, and W. A. Bissell of the
Santa Fe Railroad declared that the great
transcontinental railroads were willing to
do all in their power for the interest of
California. He said "the railroads had
adopted a colonist rate, which would In
duce many people to come to this State.
. A representative meeting of^the influ
ential . merchants and business men of
this city was held yesterday afternoon
In the rooms of the Chamber of Com
merce for the purpose of outlining plans
for the development of the resources of
the State and inducing tourists and im
migrants to come here. The meeting was
summoned by the California j Promotion
Committee of San Francisco, and Andrea
Sbarbord, chairman of that committee,
presided.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 9.— The Rus
sian military commander in the Kwang-
Tung territory of Manchuria reports that
600 Chun Chuses, not Tunguses, as pre
viously reported, attacked . the Russian
post on the Liau River last month. The
Chinese were repulsed with . the loss of
twenty men killed. Two Russians were
killed and five wounded. •: -.';•».
¦ WASHINGTON, April 9.— A cablegram
received at the State Department from
United States Consul Me Wade at Canton
Is to the effect that Governor Peng has re
ported to Consul McWade that the rebels
in Kwangsi have been defeated and are
being pursued by the imperial troops. .The
missionaries are reported safe.
HONGKONG. April 9.— Advices received
here from Lou Chou say the Imperial
General Ma and Marshal Su'have defeat
ed. thcKwAngsl »rebels in .a-, sanguinary
battle at Kong Chuen. The imperial army
was first driven • back, when General
Wong, with three quick-firing guns and
two Maxims, arrived on the scene and
turned the tide. The rebels retreated to
the mountain strongholds, whence they
have been*making occasional sortie3. ¦••¦¦¦.:
• Marshal Su is blocking theiroads to the
sea ports from which the rebels have been
deriving their supplies. The rebellion in
land is spreading. • 1 '
Business Men Will Labor
for Advancement of
California.
Imperial Troops, . Win
Victory at Kong
Chuen.
STATE PROGRESS
IS THEIR SLOGAN
CHINESE REBELS
MEET A DEFEAT
t TUCSON, ' Ariz., April 9.— The
bound . California Limited , narrowly
escaped destruction, with death to its pas
sengers, near this place last night. Seven
cars containing tanks ¦ filled with crude
oil; left the yards here and ran on the
main line twenty minutes before the lim
ited was due/ Owing to the grade the cars
gained tremendous speed, and the great
weight of the oil sent them on at fright
ful velocity in : the - direction of the ap
proaching limited train, t.
A yardman who saw the cars leave the
Bwltch notified the train dispatcher, who
at once wired to the agent at Rillito, sev
enteen miles below this- city, to throw
open the switch and ditch the wild cars.
The agent had scarcely received the or
ders and- opened the switch when he saw
the black streak of cars coming at great
speed, and in the opposite direction 1 could
be seen; the headlight of the approaching
The awitch'at Rillito is: so: arranged *3
to provide against accidents from will
cars, and can be opened at either 'end so
as- to throw cars from the track. The
wild train shot on the". side track and
sped on- to the -end- of the tracky.; where
the cars piled up in a mass of debris be
side the main line. ¦ < .. M ¦ </.< •-.¦¦ *
The agent had no sooner completed the
perilous task of side-tracking the wild
train when the limited shot past . at a
speed of fifty miles an hour. The train
men and passengers of the limited did not
know anything of their miraculous escape
until the train reached Tucson. . ' .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Turns Open a Switch for Runaway
Oil Tanks Wlien the Passenger
JBngine's Headlight Is in > .
• : : — ~<i ¦ ¦: '
Barely Prevents Destruction
•; ¦ ¦/¦¦¦' ¦ -*¦ .•.-¦ ¦ : ¦
cf the Southern Pacific
• ¦ •; - - ¦ •¦ .•.-. ;,-¦ , .' • ¦ ,>;y'V b\
Overland.
Arizona Station Agent
Averts a Frightiul
Calamity.
DITCHES WILD
CARS TO SAVE
THE LIMITED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, :APRIL 10, 1902^
Margaretta Helena Costello and William. J.
¦ (pBrien Are Wedded With Very Impres
' sjye Ceremony at Sacred Heart Church
SOLEMN NUPTIAL MASS
PRECEDES MARRIAGE
3
ADVEBTISJSTVTF.TfTS. •___; . ?
Health will come with all its blessings to those who know the way, and it is mainly a ques-
tion of right-living:, with all the term implies, but the efforts which strengthen the system,
the games which refresh and the foods which nourish are important, each in a way, while it is
also advantageous to have knowledge of the best methods of promoting freedom from unsani-
tary conditions. To assist nature, when nature needs assistance, it is all important that the
medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value, and the one remedy,
"whieh-ftcts most beneficially and pleasantly, as a laxative, is— Syrup of Figs— manufactured by
the California Fig Syrup Co.
With a proper understanding of the fact that many physical ills "are of a transient char
acter and yield promptly to the gentle action of Syrup of Figs, gladness and comfort come to
the heart, and if one would remove the torpor and strain and congestion attendant upon a con- •
stipated condition of the system, take Syrup of Figs and enjoy freedom from the aches and
pains, the colds and headaches and the depression due to inactivity of the bowels.' In case of
any organic trouble it is well to consult a competent physician, but when a laxative is required
remember that the most permanently gratifying results will follow personal cooperation with
the beneficial effects of Syrup of Figs. It is for sale by all reliable druggists. Price fifty
cents per bottle. %r-
The excellence of Syrup of Figs comes from the beneficial effects of the plants used in the
combination and also from the method of manufacture which ensures that perfect purity and
uniformity of product essential in a perfect family laxative. All the members of the family
from the youngest to the most advanced in years may use it whenever a laxative is needed and
share alike in its beneficial effects. We do not claim that Syrup of Figs is the only remedy of
- known value, but it possesses this great advantage over all other laxatives that it acts gently
and pleasantly without disturbing natural functions, in anyway, as it.is free from every ob-
jectionable quality or substance. To get its beneficial effects it is always necessary to buy the
genuine and the full name of the Co.— California Fig Sy.rup Co.— is printed on the front of every
San Francisco. Cal.
Louisville. Ky. > New York. N. Y.
EAILVAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
UtA.v« — Fbox Mabch 80. 1S02. — abbiti
7 03a Benlcia, buUun, iUoiira aua fcacm-
ctxto ... 6.55r
7.00a Vacavllle, 'Winters, Rumsev 7.55r
7 -33a Martinez. San Kauiou, Vallejo.
Kapa. CaliBtoga. Santa ]Iot». 6-?5*
8-OOa D«vU. Woodland. Kclgnts Landing,
Maryevllie, Orovllle 7-55p
6-C3a At.iii.ric Kxjrres^— Otiden aadEatt. 8.25a
8-OOa Xllee, Lathrcp. Stockton 7.25F
8J)3a Mies. Mendota, Hai:furd. Vlsalla,
Portenllle 4B5p
C30a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams
<for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Ked Elcfl, Portland 7.55*
830a San Joff, Llvermore. Stockton,
\ lone, 6acrsmnto. Plscervllle,
M«TTBV11!e. Chlc«. Ued Bluff 4.25P
V.S0A -Oacdjite.Cb>n«:fte,£oltor3,Tuolunine 4.25P
«4)0a Vallejo- 12.2&*
S-00* Los Ansreles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Li t Lrup. fetockton. Merced,
Fresno and Los Jtnpeles. ...... 8-25a
5 50a Vallejo. Martiuez and Way Stations 7.&6r
fl0-00A Haynbrd, Mien and Way StatloDS.tl2.S5r
1003a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
% Denver, OuiKha. Chicago 5-25*
t1-0fl> Sacramento liiver Stetmer* til-OUr
2 OOP B«"nicla. Wisters. Sucrainento,'
Woodland. Koigbts Landing,
Marysvli'.e. Orovilie 10.55a
S-?-0p Harvard, XUe* and Way StaUonc. 7.65« i
4Xi0r Martlncz.&an Ii&.iuon.Vallcj(;^>apa,
CalUto^a, Sitr.ta Koi-a 8.25a
A OOP Klles. Llvermore. Stociton. Ixxll.. 12.25P
430p Hayn-ard.Xiles.Sau.>o8e.Lfveru!Ore 18-£&a
<3Cp The Owl Limited— Fre*no. Tulare.
liakersfield. Saunas for Eanta
Barbara. Los Angrles 8.55a
6-OCp Port Co* u.Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton 10-25 a
BOO." Martinez. Antloch, btucktun, Mer-
ced, Frec&o 12-25p
1533p Kl!e» Local 72Sa
6.CCp HayTrard. Sllcs und San Jose 7.55a
t€OOP V»li^o 11.25a
6-GOp Orieotai Mall — Ogden. Deaver,
Otnaba. St. LoaU, Chicago 4-26P
7 COp Sao Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
S7.C0P Vallejo 7.55P
6 05p Oregon & California Expre»«— Sac-
ramento, Marysvlile. Hudding.
Portland. Pa^et Sound and Lutl. 8-55a
_^).10p Heyward asd Mies ;11.£5a
COAST LINE (*MT0w>a B? e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8. 16a I>ewart, Ccctirrvillc. 6an Jo>.e,
Felton. Bocldcr Creek, Stnta
Craz *nd W»y Stations ; 5.ECP
t2-1&P Newark, Centcn-ille. San .To^o,
y-f-T Almuden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Wty Stallone... IO.EPa
415p Kewark. han Jow. Los G&tos t8.50A
c3.30p Bccters" Train— San Jute and Way
SutloEg t7-20P
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKANCISCO, Koot of Mtrket St. (Slip 8)
-^7:15 9:«» 12:C0aji. 1420 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:(W »:09
tg:OS 10:110 a.u. 12 00 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broa4 Oanse).
«.Thlrd and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a ban Jufce and May Stations 6.40a
7-O0a 6an Jo*e ar.d Way Buttons 18.00a
7-OOa Kew Almsdcn /4.10r
6-COa Cosrt Line Limited — Ban Joae,
Gilroy, Salmar, San LbIs Oblspo,
Santa Bitrbara, Los Angele* and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10 Mr
8-ODa Ean Jose. Tret Plnos, Sasta Cruz,
Paclflc Grove, SaUnw. San Lnii
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4-IOp
10. 50 a 6an Joee aod Way Stations 8.SEa
11-50a San Jose and Way Stations 9.4Sa
I2-45P Saa Mat«o, Hedwood, MenJo Park.
Palo Alto. Sacta Clara, San Jose,
Tres Pinoa, 8anta Cruz, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and PaclQc
Crove 110.45 a
5.30p Ban Jose and Way Stations I^Op
t«.1£p 6aaJo«eandPrtac1palWaySutlon» SXQr
4.52P BnasetLlE'.trd— Monday, April 7th,
14 th. 21st. for Los Angeles, El
Paso,>' e w Orleans tn d N e w York. «
Last train leaves Sew Orleans
April Uth 10.15a
tfi.OOP San Jose, Lo« Gatos and Principal
Way Stations +9-C0A
5.S0P 6anJo?f»ndPrlncipalWay6Utlons 6.50p
6.S0P San Jose and Way StaUons 7.30P
7.03p j™ Orleaa* Express — Saa Luis
Oblspo, Eanta Barbara, Los An-
gelea, DemtnK. El Paeo, New
Orleans and East 11.50a
«1145pSan Jose and Way Station* 7. SOP
A for Morning. P for Aiternoon.
* Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. ./Tuesdays and Fridays. _
KOHTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Commencing September 29, 1301.
FROM EAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
AKD SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. «9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, -6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
R&tael on Mondays, 'Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 8:^0 end 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. 8:00. -IO:^ »U:20 a. as
•115 a:15, "4:45. «:30. 0:30 p. ra.
•irains market <•) ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO EAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5^25 6:27. 7:46. 8^5. 10:15
a. m.. '12:25. 2^15. «3:S5 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
asd Saturdays at 6:45 and 8:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. "8:00, nOiOO. *11:45 aw m..
•1:40 •S'.IS. *:45, •6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <•) etart from Ean Quentln
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS--6:45, «:«, 7 :55. 8 -.65. • 10 -.30
a m.. 12:S5. 2:45, 3:50. 6:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, 'Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15
h-30 5:00. 6:45 p. m.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week daya^ — Cazadero and way
stations.
1 : 4f> p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
¦ 8:00 a. to- Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦ ¦
Fairfax. Sundays— 8:00. 3: CO, 10:00, 11:30
c m.
L«gal Holiday botUs and trains will run on
Sunday time.
R.ATTYWAT 1BAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANGiSCO AH J ' NOSH PACIFIC
RAILWAY' COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thur»day» — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1 :50 and 11:30 p. m. -"
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
t:00. 6:20 p. m.
ban Uaf'ael tn * : nn Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10,, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra
; trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. ra. .' ~
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Iweava . I In ESect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 1901 ( San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | Destination ( days. | Days.
7:S0atn| 8:00am Novato. 10:40amj 8:40am
2 :30pm [ 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pmjlO:25am
5:10pm! 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
. . 8:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:3Cpxn 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
5:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40ara 10:25am
S :00am GuernevllJe. 7:35pra
3:30pm 6:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:O0am Sonoma 0:15am 8:40am
and
B:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:C5pm 6:20pm
~7:3Cam| £:00amj J10:40am!10:25am
3:30pm( C:00pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyiervjlle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdate
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring's, Kelseyrllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upp«r Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day*«, Riverside. Llerley*» Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. -Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Willlts. LaytonvUle, Cummins. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San "Rafael at' half rates.
Ticket office, €50 Market street. Chronlcl*
trolldlng. -«-'¦" -'
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAIf,
Gen Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd Ovrl'd | Local
Dally Daily Dally j Daily
Lr. San Fran. 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
i Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:46 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 8:11 p
•• Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 8:15 a 10:50 p
- Hanford.. «:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla... 3:39 p '6:0o a ...
" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a ...
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a.......
" Chicago 2:15 p 3:00 p
a for morning, p tor atternoon.
» :00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
run's to Eakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. 1 Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.' dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p. n. is the Overland Express, with
ttrough Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Can to Chicago: alio
Palace Sleeper, which cut* out at Fresno.
Ccrreepond'.ng train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping,
at all points in Ean Joaqaln Valley. -Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San ' Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -
San Fran. Foot of Market St. Saa Fran.
rVeek Sun- _ M ,, „ __ Sun- Week"
O-30 A. 8:00a. j^. - ,*»*«. w>o «t rao 1-00 p. 9.45 A,
1:15P. *•"•* eckB * s "" ly - |5^5j».
Tm. t*» rnuWw to Sunatt and Rrfra. « «L X
SatotOaoot, «a 1UUTC RBXZI and SUKAUX0 TXULL
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KKARJIY ST. Established
In 1834 for the treatment nf Private
Divanes. Ixmt Manhood. Debility or
dispas" wearing on body and mind and
Skin Dinea&es. The Doctorcure«wlien ;
others fail. Try him. charges low. .
Currkicnnraiilrpil. Call or write. '.
Dr. J. F. GIBBON, Sail Francisco, Cal.
The Weekly Gall.
81 pep Year,
. - - \ >.---¦¦ ¦ • - - ¦ ¦ ¦ - - ••"-.: ..-_-' -
i . jiiw i .wm !¦¦!¦¦ i ii i in i inn— ¦¦¦—¦*— ¦¦¦[¦¦n.wmw.ijMij— *w ¦¦¦pa— wrmrmiijiii n i rwiraaM— ¦ttttt—— -»
j . iney piease jrorn i||jlH||l
f head. to foot flfli|!|p^ll
f> , > If our $io made-to-order suits did not fit, wear or please cus- lililffilii'iilfi ©lillw
>\ tomers, how could we continue to receive more orders for them f'^f'^itu*inW^5'H5
Ys each month? These orders come mostly from regular customers, is iii |l! illa!|f*flr^^^l
IS for it is hard to convince people of the superiority of the suits ami if' I I'lfi^T^Mlf^Al
~/, before they have tried them. So many people imagine that $io is ? ¦|lffii^'lrw
CCv ¦ .loo low a price to pay for a suit. They are wrong, for the very 'illl fi|i UaSMffllfiw!^"
reason that the suits are well made, from stylish all-wool mate- *lffltil ty iWRtmmXfflnwfT
] rial and are just the thing for the man who generally pays $12.50 "
7C or thereabouts for his clothes. ¦ ' -- - -' . mSSmi I ifl!$MffitiS^if/'{
. y\ . . .'¦¦-¦ The suits are worth the money and they please from head to pfArw//f^fwMfS i 'I <^~Ov
Z-J foot. -Wouldn't you like some samples of the cloths? They are ' hJHi 'i : /if£Mlif'3$ ! r~"~~~^\^
Tjj free, merely for the, asking.. . ¦ Mf™|ftjwB™jilg^Cry-O |
tC^ Suits for out of-iown customers satisfactorily made to order through PjluMtt twtW'r-^*\\ r
\ 718 Market Street and Corner Powell and Fddy Smff ¥§§ $fuf(fr• MR. STEJN;S BEAUTIFUL ENGLISH SETTER. WHICH -WILL BE ONE
OF'THE ! ATTRACTIONS /OP THE EXHIBIT OF SPORTING DOGS AT
THE. FORTHCOMING SHOW^ OF SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
iJ~> !v ha *' ' of ' everv - railbird on-tho
n^ h of ,, some f ast work-outs, and,
with Connelly up, 30 to 1 was laid, about
!^n\i«,Mii te^ raclns Golden Cottage to a
standstill, . the new-comer downed the 50
E?^/. 8 h °V M^ cFleckn oe nearly. a length,
naaen out. ,. Many, small wagers ' were
cashed; over.; the result, but • the books
did • not .suffer to any noticeable "extent,
i^ss of Langdon, the favorite, received
the worst of , a straggling start." ¦) ,, . , -
. Knockings finally left the maiden class
in the first event, a six and a half^fur
! long sprint,-; w i tn a flel(J of twelve lining
up.. - Blackthorn.. was • installed^ favorite,
but could never get up among the lead
ers. .Johnny, Hoar hustled Knockings,
against .which. 10 to 1 could i b« . had. v to
the front. ; beating M, O U.. three lengths
at_the;wire.;. Sfr Claus again .ran third.
started. in the four- and
a. ; hair furlong dash, : with Oro ,Viva rul
ing a 6; to 5 favorite: - Lee Jackson forced
Ws way to: the -front position with Little
SHELLS from the Boer '. Long
Toms/ did "not.; drop- so; thick
ly into besieged . .L.adysmlth''..a* i
did 'Jong .-in: • the- betting
,'flghr, their -way past the wire
in the . front division •'. ' - yesterday ' ' at
Oakland. 'They ; grabbed first ..money,
in ''¦many. ',- of . the ..' purses,,-' finished
second at all sorts ; of .fancy ' quotations,
and, with nothing better ; in Bight and no |
time to lose, ran intothe show. .'. Only Tho !
Singer scored, starting a favorite. The 1
skeletonized . bank-rolls* of - the 'long-suf- |
ferlng bookies' were ' so "¦ fattened ' by ¦:¦ the ;
deluge, of outsiders - that -.'they; resembled
toads 'after "a grasshopper repast.-'Sup
port wafi accorded the . despised ! ones, .but
not to a marked extent: - - /. ». / . . , :
. The surprise of : the ; entire session , was
sprung in Solinus, a three-year-old, maiden
by I Indio-Edith. owned - by ; L. < r -Levy ,.f: of
Oakland. His name was securely : pinned
O^jgjAJjTP BAC?ETjlACK^ Wednesday . April 9.— Wea^rjBne. . Trackjast_^___ '
3500. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; gelling; malden'-3-ycar-old3; " to: first. .$325. /. •
~~~ ! ~ ! ~~ ... ... .: '. . .-,-... ~ ' Betting:. - :
Index Horse and Weight. St. %. %. : Str. Fin. Owner and . Jockey. Op. . Cl. (
3491 iKnocklngs .......107 10 5 % 2 % 1 1>4 1 3. C. Earl: & Co. Hoar 6 '10 '
8KB IOU .....1O» 3 4 1 '4 % 3 h 2h C. W. Chappell. . .Stuart . 15 8.:
35««5 Sir Claus ..100.6 7 5 h 4 h 3n S. Merrlwether.J.McCthy 4 12 . i
8513 Syce -....109 11 8 % 7 % .ft 1 4 J. D. Lucas. . .Wlnslette 15 j 40 '
3529 Claudlator .......100 5 .3 1- '3 1, i,h 6 2 Elmwood Farm .'.1». Daly .'- 8 8
3533 Headstrong ivllO ,75 6n 8 1 [ti'VP 6 8 A. B. <6preckel8. Foucon .50. 20V
3401 Oeo. Whitney... ..112 12. 11 9 1 S2 7 2 F. Phillips. „ Conl«y 0-16-3
.3371 Breton ...........112 4. - 2-h 6. % ' 0,1 8 3 Mrs. Lottrldge. .Webster 10 ' 30"
3557 Blackthorn. ...;.-.112 8. 10 -10- : 10 2 0 2 . Burrs &-Waterh«:Rnsch 7-5 11-5
85«J Tibs i.107 2- 0 1 -11- 11 '¦ j 10 4 McDonald & Dunlap. See -10, 20
1979 May S .l 107 1 \ 1 1^ 1 Vi. ~ Vt 11- G- Pacheco Bozemnn 20 10 : .'
3533 Baltest .'. 109 9 ; 12 12 Pulled up B. Bchrelber..L. Spencer 10 40
Time— %, :24; %, :49>4: %. 1:16; 6%f, 1:23. Good start, won easily. Second and third
| driving. Winner. C. Earl & Co.'b br. U by .Herald-Katrinka.' . Winner best. Syce ran a g
! good race. Cl^udator wlirwln. shortly. George Whitney sulks. Blackthorn no account.-
' May S. quit. 3f - • • . . : • •; ¦ -¦ • , ' .; ., ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • . • '
3570. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; gelling; two-year-olds; to, first, ?325.
I ? - -. " ¦ • .• ; ' '.•-,.,..' : -'" / x ~ i ; ~~ '•-. •¦ ;•. - Bettinc .
IndtxIHorse and Weight. St. %. %, Str. ¦yin. > Owner and Jockey. - Op. Cl. ¦>
3102 Little Margaret.. .105 1 ....'12 11 Ins Caesar Young.. .Jackson 2. 7-5 '
3552 Clarinette 115 7 .... '. 3 1%. 2>n 24 H. J. Jones Prior • 30 • 100
3487 J. H. Bennett.... 108 6 ;... 4n 54 3 U L..A. Blaslngame. .Hoar ,< . 6 ' 8
35()4 Ora Viva .: 118 4 .'.. '6 2 : 3h 4h O. Summers & Co. Rnsch ' "* 111-10
3528 Katanga ....105 3. ... , '2 '1*5 4 5 3 A. B. Spreckels . : L. Daly ' 6 20 ,
3461 Len Reno. I -..106 9 .... 6 1. 6 1 tt 3 Dicky & Lindnr. A.Kelly 10 "SO '
3439 Minnie DroBsel. . .105 2 '... 7% 7:1 7 2 J. E. King & Co.Wlnsltt 100 60
3437 Temprano 100 8 ... 8 2-82 85" Qea . Van Gorden . . . . See 10 30
3558 Joste Wheeler. .. .105 10 ... 10 -0,10 0 20 E. I. Wheeler Dyer 100 300
3402 Uennie McQovran. 105 5' ... 9 1 10 10 B. Schrelber Troxler - 20 40
Time— %. :24; %.' :48%; 4%f, :0S%; Good start.- Won first three driving! Winner, Cae
sar Young's ch. f. by Torso-Marcle. A. Little Margaret best ridden. Oro Viva messed
about Katanga had early speed. Teniprar.o can do better. Jennie McGowan cut oft.
3571. THIRD RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. ' '¦ -
Index Horse,'- Age. Weight. St. Vi. • %, ..-. Str. Fin,: Owner and r Jockey. ,- Op.: Cl. '¦
3562 The- Singer, 5.... 107 1 1 2^1 2% 11% 1 1% W, P. Magrane. .Troxler "^ 2 13-5
3021 Invictus, .4 ...103 9.-61 .62. 52 • 2 n James Wilson. . Wlnslette ,". 10 12
3546 Elfonse. 4.. .;..;. 103 2 4 2 J,4 , 2 1 31 C. P. Fink Stuart 7 13
(3546) Expedient, 5 107 6 . 9 »<18.1 6 % 4 % P. E. -Smith. .. ;A. Kelly '4 9
3520 LeRal Maxim, 3.. 88 5 . 0 1% 6 n 5 153 H. L.Jones & Co. Butler 8 .15
3149 Qulbo, 4 103 7 7'4 - 7 1% 7 % 62 Evans & Price... Ransch 10 20
3535 Captivate, 4 .104 4 "2 1% 2 1 4n 7 1 P. Hlldreth Jackson 5 1
3515 Bob Palmer, 4 107 8 8n 9 2 0 2 82 W. H. .McNnmes. .Feary 40 60'
3507 Gold Baron. 6.... 107 3 3 % 3 1%»%-9 4 H. L. Haskell Bell 60 100
3562 Alicia, a..... 105 11.11 11-10 1 10 4 P. Moore. Hoar - 8 13-5'
3545 |St. Rica, 4. Iff} 10 10 % 10 % 11 11 J. p. AtUln. . . ¦ ,L. Daly 0 20
Tlm«— Vt. :25%; %', :49»4; %, 1:15%; mile, .1:48. Bad start. Won first three driving. Win
ner, W. P.^Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by The- Bard-Minnie Andrews. Winner best and away
sailing. Invictus came from far. back. : Expedient weakly ¦ handled. Captivate quit. .
Allcla^rnostlef^Scratch^ed^ - ; : • ¦' . -
».t72. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; gelling: three-year-olds and up; to first. $325., .
Index Horse Age. Weight. St.. %. 54. . Str. - Fin. . Owner and Jockey.' Op! "ci".
Sollnus, 3 .....*.. 100 2 2 1 31 lh .1 »4' • L.. Levy .......Donnelly 20 80
3545 MacFlPcknoe, 5.. .111 3 8 2 4 3,3 H • 2 3 . Green & Henry. . .Conlev 50 30
3523 Rubino. 3-. ......100 6 4 n 2 h 4 % 3 % Bowiey & Co .Hoar . 10 . 20
3540 L. of Langdon, 3...9B 8 Cl 1 0 2 « 1. 4 % C. Llnd.. ,\ .... .Jackson 9-5 6-5
(3545) El PJlar. 3:...:.. 00 9 0 4 « %'. 1 2 54 Burns & Watrhs. Ransch 10 15
3551 -, Golden Cottage. 3.105 1 1 1 1% 2 %: « 4 C. J. Foy. L Daly C 9-2
(S&W) Axmlnsty .3 ....10410 10 '-10 -78 1. 7 2 W. D^ Randall. .Troxler 4 8
3G50 Moablna. 3 0«(- 7 8 2 . 7 %;. 5 h 8 6 F. Phillips ..J Sheehan 2' -6
H80 Ben Magin. 4.... Ill 5 7 %-: 8 % , 9 2 9 8 E. A. Chappell. Waterby 50 100
3341 Zurich, 6 ...111 4 5 h 9 1 10 -10 P. Halllday . ...Foucon 100 : 500_
Time— To %-_:21; tO-%, :48; last %. 1:01%: short ¦%. ; 1:11%. Bad start. Won first three
firi\ing. dinner. L. Levy's b..g. by India-Edith. , Solinus had shown fast trials. Lass of
Langdon no chance from start. Cottage quit. Axmlnster off poorly. So was ¦ Moablna
__Scratched— Dawson OS, E. M: Brlttain^OS. Mar<ea 110. . :
3573.' ¦ FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs;- selling; three-year-olds and up; to' first," $325.
¦-¦¦' ' : ¦ " • ¦ ¦ ' I.- ¦ ' ,•:•!¦, . ' ' "• . ' • T »* ' ¦ -. ''¦¦'. ¦ B°ttinK
Index Horse. Age. Weight: | St.. %. '%. ;' . Str. .Fin. ', 'Owner and Jockey. OpT Cl.
3M8 Frank Bell. 0.... 112 fi 2 ¦%' 2 1% 2 n In' O' Neal & . Co .... Frfucon 8 '
?,r.4S Sharp Bird. 5. . . .106 5 1 3 1 1% M% 2 1 G. H." Vlvell. . . .Troxler 10 ' , B i
(XM8) Prln. Tltanla, 4.. 08 8 5 6 n 3-% 3 4 Caesar Young. ..Jackson 1-2 9-20
:;P5<; Kitty Kelly. 5. r .101 3 4 h v4.% . 51 4 4 W. L. Stanfleld.. Stuart 10 15
:<rii:-' Sea Queen,'6. 100 4 8 1 i T> h . 6 2 - 5 3 J.. -A.- Lewis.'. McCarthy Y 8 -.13
3?!)2 Ben Ledl. 0. . . . . . 98 7 3 3 . 5 5 , 4. h'' G n l G. W. Scott. . .Wlnslette . 20 00
"5.J7 Florlnel. II,. 5«..10O a 6.1J4 6 4 -. ... 7 3 .74 O. F. Johnson. .. ..Butler 100\ ''300
8fiK3 Isaline, 5 ....100 9.0 84 82 82 C. Llnd Hoar - 10 30
Ji5in_ Irote.^4 ' r^.^j.. . 00| 1 7 % '0 0 ,0 Buffingtotrft Co. .Knapp \ 100 .200
Time— V,, :24%; %. :4$%; %. 1 :14. Bad start. Won first three, driving, - : ' Winner J' W
O'Neal & Co.'s b. g. by Big 'Henry-Frora Leach. Sharp Bird ran out in the stretch ortfie
at -start by Isaline. ,-¦ |
3574. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling;, three-year-olds arid 'up; to first. |325. .,-..¦.
Index Horse.. Age. Weight. St.; .-'¦ Y 4 . : \ %'. . ¦ r ' Str. .. f ' Fin. , -Owner ; and Jockey.
(3530) |Larry Wilt. 3/... 91 ;7 * 3 1% 2 1% 8 1 In T. H.. Stevens. .. .Knapp 8 12
(^ ) , IWlndward - 6 -••¦••"» '? -I -, 1 fl <l ? - I V A »« n n<*sy &<Co.....HoaV 00 v -60
8545 Free Lancn. a. ...110 4.- 6 1 ' -.5 h- « 1 3 2 Buffingtori &' Co Troxler 10 ¦ 20
"4\ii IL. Meddlesome, 0.108 2 2 h 4 3. .5 h 4 %• A. B. Blakely Jackson 3-2 11-10
K-JOrt !Grand Sachem- a.107 5 6 2 6 1% 4 h 5 % J. J Mdran Stuart ' 8 20
3561 ICalanthus. 4 ....1036 7< . '7;-^-7 ' 0 4 : J. Coffey 1. lo -,
¦t5«2 jBcrnota, 4 ...... 103 11 h 1 h : .1 n , 7- Burns & Waterhs.Rnsch 1:7-8 i
Tlmc — W- =25%; %. :5O; %. 1:16; mll<?. 1:43. VGood start. .Won fi M t three driving. Wlniwr..
T, H. Stevens' br. c. by Wadsworth -Fancy Free. Away badly Larry Wilt was best ' Ber
r.ota-and Lady Meddlesome ran Just the way favorites should. Scratched— Canelo im
gchool for Scandal 110. -Tlzonal07. Phil Archibald 100 Flam,ero 107 ~^ J . '
Joseph Ghio, a laborer residing at 103
Vandewater street, sustained serioua and
possibly fatal injuries yesterday at the
Kisdon Iron Works by a fall from a scaf
fold upon which he was working. Ghio
feJ a distance of about twenty-live feet
and struck on the back of his head, caus
ing a possible fracture of the skull
Laborer Is Injured by a Fall.
Hughes to Join the Brooklvn Team.
SACRAMENTO, April 9.— Jay Hughes,
the wrll-known baseball twirler, received
a telegram from Manager Hanlon of the
Brooklyn National League team to-day
stating that his . advance money and
transportation will be forwarded this
week. Hughes will start East, next Sun
day to join the team at it3 trainine
ouarlpr*. • &
George Benjamin, alias George Morris,
alias George Burke, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea and Officer Morrisey on Sixth
street, after an exciting chase extending
over nine blocks. Benjamin is wanteu
In San Jose on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement, preferred by James Ferrl.
Benjamin is also wanted in this city on
fin£ haree ,», o£ , havl "S stolen more than
H0O0 worth of rails and iron, from the
Presidio and Ferries Railway Company
about six months ago. According to the
police Benjamin and members of his
gang have been in the habit of peddling
wares and of not returning change when
given gold in payment for goods pur
chased. .
Arrested After, a Long Chase.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 9.-
Trainer "Dad" Moulton held a try-out
cf track athletes on the oval yesterday
afternoon for the purpose of deciding on
the personnel of the teams. which will be
frent against Occidental College at Santa
Monica and against the University of Ne
vada at Reno. '. On account of an ex
tremely hard wind several of the events
were emitted yesterday, but fairly good
result? were obtained in those that were
run off.
The surprise ' of the day -was the race
put up by Dunn '04. in the quarter mile.
He finished ahead of "Pie " Smith 03, who
was the winner in th« interclass meet
on junior day in the fast time of 51 2-5
seconds, equaling Smith's record. Gay
'(¦4 won the mile run in 4:53 1-5, the fastest
time ior that event made by a Stanford
man this reason. Thomson 03 took first
place in the half-mile, making the din
tance in 2:05 2-5.- Chadbcurne 02 was sec-
Athletes Tried Out at Stanford.
Another carload of trunks, valises,
dress-suit cases and traveling sets at our
famous carload prices. All kinds of
leather goods in this department lettered
In gold letters free of charge: Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Trunks and Valises.
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race — True Blue, Canderoa,
Matin Bell.
.' Second Race — Flo Culver, ' Ester-!
n ell, r Cassie W. ; ' •' '«¦- ''• .
Third Race— Royal Rogue, Narra
G, Jacqueminot.
Fourth Race— Antolee, . ' MacGyle,
Bragg. -:^vr ¦ ¦ -¦••»-' '-.: '.
. Fifth Race — John Peters, School
for Scandal, Farizade.
Sixth Race— Flourish, Anthracite,
Artilla. . . / ? ;/ )
Straight tips on prize fights a specialty,
by Mrs. Kronen of Louisiana; hours from
1 to 8 p.m.: fee, 50 cents; 262 Minna street,
near Fourth. . ' * . ¦ " •
Track Notes.
An examination showed that Water
ecratch broke the small bone in his nigh
fore leg ' when ;he stumbled in Monday's
race, and yesterday a bullet ended his
racing career.
John Mackey, manager of Rancho del
Paso, was a visitor at the track yester
day. :':-.:• .'•¦ '¦ • :-- • .... ...
Ihe payment of second money to The
Hoodoo,' which finished second to Golden
Light on Tuesday, was protested yester*
day and sustained by the stewards.
Horses having been beaten ten or more
times at the meeting- were allowed seven
pounds," which was claimed by Tom Ryan.
The Hoodoo having . started but nine
times, was disqualified. This decision
gives second money to Marineuse and
third to Bonitary. ; • ¦¦ ¦ ¦
• Following are the entries for this aft
ernoon's events :
Fir* race — Six furlongs; purse; three-year
olds and upward: ' . . . . .*
3567 Compass .....100 8646 Sol ../. 07
: 3540 True' Blue. . . .lit »M3 Road Ajrent: *10S
8530 Satan'.. Ill 3563 Matin Bell... 05
8537 H. Thobum...lll 3301 Patsy Dolan..l00
3515 Meadow Larklll 3390 Chihuahua • 100
3557 Canderos ...-.111 3564 Rasp .... 108
Second race— Five furlongs; selling; three
year-old fillies; -;¦-' ; '.
3611 Jen. Hughes.. 107 1 3541 Im. M,SchultzlO2
352T1 Flitting . . . . .l02!(320»)Annle Max. . .107
(3<191)Cas8le W.... .107 3541 Flo Culver.. ..102
*ail5 Ksteraell I . . . ..107 3541 Roscwar . . : ..107
3541 Nonle .107 .1563 Satchel ... . . .107
3551 Torso Maid. . . 102 ,(3503) Pirate Maid. .107
Colored Man Shoots at Peddler.
. James Hunt, colored, residing on Grand
"street, shot at a peddler named -'Albert
Green yesterday because he annoyed him
calling out his wares. The bullet missed
Green and lodged in a building- on the op
posite side of the street. Officer Charted
Staples arrested Hunt and charged him
with assault with intent to kill: He was
also charged / with discharging firearms
within the city limits.' \ . .: ;
Eastern Racing Results.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. 'April .9. — Montgomery
Park results:
First race, seven and a £alf furlonss, sell-
Ing — Lady Wadsworth won Drummond sec
ond, Leenja third. Time. lztnL" ' ' ' " "
Sacono race, six furlongs — J. V. Kirby won,
Charles W. Meyer second. Theory, third. Time,
1:15^2. '| .;•; ¦ f ' —.
Third race, four furlongs, selling — King's
Lady won. Courage second, Lady;VTinkle third.
Time. :50. .•¦»-' -
Fourth race, the Uiesisfjprl handicap, one
jnlle and an eicfcth — Wax, Taper won. The
Lady second. Nitrate third.* Time, 1:15*4.
Fifth race, steeplechase, 'about two miles,
MllinE — Precursor won, jjotoert Morrison sec
ond, Inkerrran third. Time, 4:33.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs — Allan
m-on, Onatu« second. Step Around third. Time.
,:MH. <-^ •.'.,•....¦ .
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Bennlngs sum-
P First race, six and a half furlongs, purse —
1ce won. Alack second, Fonsoluca thud.
nie, 1 :-.".
Second race, half a mile, purse— Mystic Belle
¦won. Glorissa second. Geisha Girl third. , Tlmt-.
:51-2-5. '
Third race, steer>lechase, about two and a
half miles — De Cameron won, Handvice second,
Tanig third. Time. 5:58. v
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs — Locket
won'. Roue second. May J third. .Time, 1:25^4.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, purse — Trump
••on. All Saintr second. Justice third. Time,
1:21 1-5
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, handicap
• — Himself won, Calgary second. Ohnet third
Time, 1:13 4-5.
Another tornado was experienced by the
talent over the result of the last race, at
?, ? U ?A , Neithe r Lndy Meddlesome, the
11 to 10 favorite, nor Bernota, the 7 to 6
second choice, could get a chalk mark.
In a lonir drive "BUI" Knapp landed the
12 to 1 shot Larry Wilt at the wire a neck
In front of Windward, a 100 to 1 outsider
Following at their heels came Free Lance,
a 20 to 1 shot. Bernota 'led to the stretch
where he gradually fell back to the rear.'
Margaret 'soon after the start; and, hard!
ridden at the-; end, led out Clarinette a!
nose, in :55%. 'The latter filly went to
the post at odds of 100 to 1. The favorite
ran unplaced. ; "' ; , -¦
"Billy". Magrane's horse The. ; Singer,
closing equal, choice in the. ring- with:
Alicia,' took the mile. selling, leadins.his
field from -start to finish. Invictus 'ran'
up from- ninth position, ¦ beating -Elf orise
a neck for the place. . . Alicia: got away'
from the barrier badly, ruining -any'
chance .she may have had.i ¦ *> • ¦ ,¦:.'
Qaesar [-.Young's . mare-Prihcess'.Tita nia ¦
lacked het-usuah supply of speed, >and at !
odds of 9 Id. 20 finished third in. thfe six-j
furlong selling run. Sharp Bird, a: '15 to
1 shot, skimmed j away . in the lead— and
would have- been first but for .his habit
of running out through the stretch. This
cost him- a world of ground, and Foucon
astride -Frank Bell, an 8 to 1 chance got
the .decision, by a neck. The favorite,
with ; Lee Jackson, in the saddle, ran
third. ¦¦¦ .. ... . ¦
THE CALL'S RAOINGFORM CHART
OAKLAND, April 9.— Two of the little
men of the boxing game are to struggle
for the bantam championship of the Pa
cific Coast Friday night before the Acme
Club. They are Eddie Hanlon and
Frankie Xeil, both of whom have reputa
tions for grit and cleverness. The arti
cles of agreement- require that they shall
weigh 112 pounds at 3 o'clock iTriday
afterncon at Harry Corbett's. The bet
ting so far has been slightly Hanlon's
way. • ¦•-• .- ->¦-< •
There will be two preliminaries. The
curtain raiser S*-IH be a four-round go be
tween Jack Riley a»d Fred Williams,
•while the other will bring Harry Foley
and Dave Barry together again for ten
rounds. I
A large attendance is expected from San
"Francisco, where Hanion and Neil' are
great favorites. ¦
Eddie Hanlon and Frankie Neil Will
Meet in the Bing. of Acme Ath
letic Club, Oakland.
LITTLE MEN TO BATTLE '
FOE BANTAM CHAMPIONSHIP
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK;:
Ti—^NTRIES are coming in rapidly
- -j for the bench «how of the San
*°~^ Francisco Kennel Club, which
H will be held in Mechanics' .Pa
vilion during the last week of
this month. .Theshow will be ' a. repre
sentative one, from all appearances, en
tries of dogs of a wide variety of breeds
having already been received. There will
be sporting dogs of all kinds, toy dogs,
terriers, and then the mastiffs, Great
Danes and other big breeds. ,-.- . ¦
The greyhound section will bo the most
Complete ever seen at any show in Ih'ls
country or in Europe. Between 100 and
150 dogs will be benched in this ' section
alone. The California coursing commit
tee, which has charge of the- greyhound
exhibit, is leaving nothing undone, that
-would make the affairs j a success, gj In
addition to* the $600 prize money to \. be
distributed among, the various classes the
greyhounds will compete for the presi
dent's - cup; presented 1 by A. B. \ Spree kels,
and for the Ke.nt cup. . ;¦
In order to secure the entry of the best
dogs in training many concessions have
been made. These * dogs need . .not,, be
benched each afternoon until' 2 o'clock,
which will permit of theh- receiving their
usual amount of road work during the
morning. ¦. Then the -management • of
Union Coursing Park, , to help the cause
along, has decided to have no coursing
: on Saturday, the last day of the show.
Thus no owner can have an excuse that
to show his dog would Interfere with his
chances in the coursing field.' :.-•. '•'- •
Therevwill-also be a stake run at Onion
Park the week' following the show open
enly to dogs "which* wfcre on ; exhibition.
No entry fee will . be charged. . '¦¦¦ . '
The greyhound will^ be benched, iri the
form of a, court in-the left wing of "Me
chanics' Pavilion. ¦ This will be decorated
with palms. and made otherwise orna
mental. . Chairs ' will be provided, and
everything . will be done for the pleasure
and the comfort . 0/ visitors. ~ •¦'¦' :¦' ¦¦ - .-
Entries for. the. show can; be made at
the office of the Kennel Club, 138 Mont
gomery street, up to. Saturday, when the
lists wlUcloee.' ' . .
Fittsimmons declares he will not fight
in California. He says he was "skinned"
there once, and he will never fight there
again. He admits that people will think
he has crawled out of his fight with Jef
fries,, but he says he doesn't care. He
knows what he is doing. He will ' fight
Jeffries In England, but nowhere else.
In advancing the proposition, Fitzslm
roor.s stipulates only that his opponents
must be white. He say's; he will .meet
any five men in the world, one each night
for live- nights, end then wind up on the
sixth night with a battle with Jeffries
for the heavy-weight championship- or
the world. - . .
NEW YORK, April 9.— Bob Fitzsimmons
wants to go to England during Corona
tion week, next June, to fight any six
heavy-weight boxers in the world on six
consecutive nights.-
Fitzsimmons has" notified Dr. Ordway,
the American representative of \ the Na
tional Sporting Club, of London, of his
desire to i*rtpe out the heavy-weight pu
gilistic fraternity in one-two-tbree .order.
Ut. Ordway will cable at once to Mr.
Bfittison, matchmaker of the English club,
to ascertain what inducements • will be
held out to the lanky Australian boxer
to undertake the task. • . ",:.. ,
The Latest Offer of the Australian
Boxer Is Calculated to Make .
Champion Jeffries Turn •
Greyheaded.
AB. R. BII SB. PO. A. E.
McHaJe. it 5 0 1 0 3 0 0
Bone, 2b 5 0 2 1 3 13
Lawlor, cf 4 0.1 1 1 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 1 1 O 4 1 1
Holly, ss 5 0 2 0 4 5 0
Shugart. 3b...-. 4 1 2 ' 0 4 4 0
Lahey. c 4 0 1 0 7 3 0
DelmsLs, rf 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kane, p. 3 2 10 0 3 0
. Total 37 4 11 2 27 17 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A E.
Sheehan, 3b IS 1 2 0 4 4 2
Unglaub, 2b 4 0 0 0 0 10
Kagan, es 4 1 10 1 2 0
Rebsamen,' cf 3 1-0 0 - 3 0 0
Birmingham, lb 4 0 1 0 ' 12 0 0
Frary, rf 5 1 1 0 1 0 0
Wagner, If 4 1 0 0 0 0 0
Graham, c...; 3 1 2 05 0 1
Hickey. p ; 5 13 0 0 4 1
Total 38 7 10 0 26 H*~i
; 'Holly out: hit by batt«>d ball.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 1 1 0 0 4 i 0 0 • 7 ;
Base hits 0 3 0 1 0 3 21 0—10
San Francisco... 0 1 0 1 0 Ol'l 0 4
. Base hits 11221012 1—11
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit — McHale. Two-base hit—
Nordyke. Sacrifice hits— Unglaub, Lawler, La
hey, McHale. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 3, Sacramento 4. First base on called
balls — San Francisco 6, Sacramento 7. Left
on bases — San Francisco 19,- SacramentA ¦ 12
Struck out— Kane 4. Hickey 4. Hit by pitcher
— Nordyke, Delmas. Kane, Bone. Passed balls
—Lahey. Wild pitches — Kane. Time of game
— 2 hours. Umpire — O'Connell. Official scorer
— McFarlane.
SAN FRANCISCO.
The first round passed with both teams
sparring for an opening. In the second
the Senators landed fine, and- then * let
Harris' . crowd have one to make ", the
score lot)k good. Things were quiet until
the third, when Rebeamen saw four bad
pnes pass : him; Bermingham followed
puit; ! Kebsamen' arrived at third on Fra-
force of Bermingham At second, and
when Kane forgot his teaching* and got
"wild, Rebsamen completed his trip.
. The game Rooked fairly well until the
sixth, the locals having . scored a- point
in the fourth. Then Fisher gathered his
forces and made some foVcer'ul and ap
propriate remarks, after ¦ which things
changed. There was grim determina
tion on the face of every man. They
went after Harry Kane in a way that
made Harris look weak. Wagner started
it. He hit one to Bone, who began to
juggle, and Wagner landed an first. Then
Charley Graham came 'along with a bunt
and Hickey singled to right field. Tom
my Sheehan was there with a hit, which
fecored Wagner and put Hickey on the
third sack. Kane got frightened and
threw wide. This let Hickey off base
duty. Unglaub soaked one in McHale's
direction and Sheehan arrived on the
throw. Kane was again generous with
his free passes and Bone wSb bad again,
so "Truck" Eagan was allowed register.
In the meantime, the ghosts made a
couple of runs. Kane grew tired of is
suing complimentaries, and" took one
himself. He did not wait long, for Mc-
Hale sent the ball to deep center and
the lengthy one gambolled home. Mc-
Hale remained at third. In the. eighth,
Nordyke swung for two stations and
came Cn with the last run when Holly
hit passed third.
: Both Kane and Hickey were wild and
unsteady in the box. There is room for
a vast amount of improvement in their
work. Both were hit in a lively manner
whenever they located the plate, which
was seldom. A peculiar feature of the
contest was the number of men left on
bases. Sacramento had twelve and San
Francisco nineteen. The score:
Harris said his men enjoyed sea. voy
ages, and there would be nothing to it.
Fisher said his pets could all swim, and
if the boat was swamped* they would do
some fish stunts and win anyhow. A few
fans also went to see the trouble and
they were Joined by a -'few more on the
other side. When the grounds were
reached, about eight hundred cranks ana
some summer gins were present.
| Uncle's bunch thought they were still
on the briny, and whenever a ball came
near them they- went after it with an
underhand stroke. After Jack O'Connell
had worked hard for two hours he told
the boys to go home.. Scorer . McFarlin
then did a little mathematics- and in
formed Mike Fisher he was the goods.
Score, 7 ; to 3.
.; , .'
The locals . and the., Statesmen, took a
oyage i'eBterdaV afternoon. Their des-
Ination was a city called Golden Gate,
ut the man. who draws maps forgot to
lark it down. .
Nights. ' '¦'
Will Meet Six White Heavy
weights on Successive. ' .
Sixth race — One mile and a sixteenth; sell-
Ing; three-year-olds and upward: . . . •
3562 Flourish ..... 9S (353»)Lento ........ OS
3S54 RJo Shannon. . 110 3568 Quadra 84
3543 Anthracite ...101 3549 Einstein .....lat
3559 El Oriente 1O.T (352«)Wolhurst 110
3514 Billy Lyons. . . 0» 35ftt Bonltary ; 07
'3505 Frank Woods.l06|(3512)Artilla ..' 110
Fifth race — Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and upward: . " ' "'
(3143)Parlzade ..... 03 3323 Malasplna „.. 95
3547 Mike Strauss. 100 (3550)S.- of Tarsus. .100
j 354!) S. for ScandallO4 3551 Dandy ....:.. 98
3550 John Peters . . 102 3284 Matt Hogan . . 10ft
One hundred- and twenty-eight grey
hounds, divided Into three stakesr-special,
open and reserve-^wiir* provide the sport
at Union Coursing-. Park on Saturday -and
Sunday. The draw last night at Pythlau
Gaatle resulted-as follow?:-;-- -v-
; 'Special' atake"; 32 entries— Alameda,.: Kennels'
Melrose Lad vs. Pasha ; Kennels; Booran Ath T
l«te; .e:- OekryB Ireland .vs,a Pasha. tXennete
Royal Archer; E. Geary's Ruby. Sankey vs
Alameda Kennelst A. J. Martin;- A. R. Curtis
Luxor vs. /A. R.>.CtirUs'. Anchor; J.L. Ross
Loyal Lad vs. K. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel.
P: M: Clarkspn-s Golden . Garter rs._B. Sllvas
Master Rocket :-F. Jones'- HaTlean. Gladys vs.
P. M. . Clarkson"s Sorala; :T:'-"J.- Cronia's \an T
dal vs. A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox; A. R- Curtis
fly by Night VS." A.' R, Curtis' Lo«t Chord. T.
J. Cronln's Tralee Boy vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen J I ChUtfini Brothers' t«Wdrop vs. T.
Burke'8' Aggie AV.; D. Shannan's Sir Pasha vs.
Chlarlni Brothers' i Sant6nlri T A." • R. Curtis
Narcissus vs. C; O. Peterson's Haphazard; h,.
Geary's ¦America vs.. E. Geary's. Fair Oaks; E.
Geary'B Roy I*nghl« .vs. / Alameda Kennels,
Merrimac; Pasha Kennels' ,,Rocker vs. A, ifc
Curtis*- Charta. - ¦''•¦: ••-•., ¦' * ¦ *
-Open stake; 154 entries— E. --. Geary's Little
Jim vs. J J. Keenan's Lundln Links: Kelly &
Hanley's Fearful Ship vs.C. O. Whallon's GU
hiore; J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Royal Rogue; E.. Geary's Fenll vs. W.
C. de B. Lopex's. Peplta;. Yoseraite Kennels
Mote Vs. T.' Jolley'* Toronto; J. Seggerson'*
GoTd^Hill vs. J. Morlarlty's Kittleman; J.
Horn's McHenry vs_- L. M. Monreal's Jimmle
Anthony; F. Darling's Gambit vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Attire; J. Conley's New Moon vs.
P. Doyle's -Liberator;. Chlarlni Brothers' White
Hat vs. T. Burke's Sotoyome; T. Sullivan*
Vagrant vs. T. Cox's Crockett HiU; P. J. Reil
ly's Honesty vs. T. • Burke's Lottie. W. : Pasha
Kennels' Real Aristocrat vs. P. M. Clarkson's
Prompta; J. Manning's Doreen vs.- J.- S.-"Badt's
Lovlna; "¦ D.' x .Toland*i Twilignt'Jr. vs. J. Car
roll's Cascade; F. Daly's Cliff Wilson vs. J.
Hurley's Sugar Cane; \V." C. fle" Bl Lopez's
Eager vs. J. P. Thrift's : Brutus; .L; Lagoma
slno's Boney Boy vs. Alameda Kennels* Lilac;
O. Zabl's Miss Wilson vs. M. Mlchlllki's Stray
away; Alameda Kennels' Clarice vs. Chlarlni
Brothers' Sempronius ; - C. Pickard's -Bright
Gold vs' E. L. Hathaway*? Bridget Cleary: J.
Dempsey's Jingle Bells vsT J.' Kelly^s Governor
Mac- J. Roger's Glaucua.vsr E. 'Geary's Fannie
Hughie; 'J. VInal's, Little Fullerton . vs. . C.
Grau's Martha Washington; F.; Rosenberger's
Lady Chlquita vs. G. Graham's Emln Bey; M.
Kolander's Maister Whalen vs. Pasha Kennels'
Lawrence; D.'Toland's Pleasant Girl Vs. P. M.
Clarkson's' Flower of Gold: F. C. Mack's Delia
M.' vs. F. Jones' Tyrone Prince; R. A.' Fink's
Fiery Friend vs. W. N. Hoag"s Cecil M.; A.
McLeod's Royal Friend vs. A. . R. Curtis'
Dragon Fly? L. Lagomasino's La Bellelvs. C.
G.Whallon's: Miss Shirley; H, Perjgo's/- Belfast
vs.J. Hurley's Rlley Grannan. • •" -.-' r-
Reserve stake, thirty-two entries— R.-. S. Her
.rler'ir Ellem vs. J. Sheridan's Tim Murphy; E.
ThuenerV Black Cloud vs. Kelly & Hanley's
Lusmagh Lad; W. C. de B. Lopez's Charley
Ax vs. W. C. de B. Lopez's Blackford Lad; J.
McNeil's Slackhawk vs. E. Geary's Dathy;
Pasha Kennels' > Rollicking Aairs vs. E. Thue
ner's Grey Cloud; M. Kerrigan's. Prometheus
vs. M. B. Kavanaugh's.May Be Kind; Pasha
Kennels' Reckless Admirer vsJ M. Neailon's Pat
Freedom: M.-.B. Kavanagh's Swedish vs. T.
Jolley's Little May; J. W. Fahey's October
Ladi vs. M... Nealon's . Fred Freedom; R. S.
Herrier's Little Oracle ' vs. ¦ J. M. Patterson's
Prairie TWwer: T: •Meagher's' Royalist vs. . F.
Rejeenberger-'s. Master. Bly; J. 1/ O'Brien's Lit
tle Bob vs.- J. Roger's Arbaeus; P. C. Blick's
Tellowtatl " vs. E. Pratt's Gleabrook j E. Con
roy's Amy B vs. Pasha Kennel's Bear Lassie;
.W.-Cramer's Onwards vs. - S. Hv .-Wilson's Gen
eral Dewet; J. H. McDuffle's Saflie Brass vs.
J. Roger's ¦ Erebus. , ¦ • ". -. ;v ¦•
. ¦* Third ¦. race-^-Fnt«rlty course; ;purse; three
year-olds and upward: >.
j[5540)Roya! Rorue.'lOit C331T)L.Imellsht 121
., S4t6F<mA6 .:-.'¦.*; r.'.llS. 3311 San Lutlon...l0rt
;^03T Jaequeminot . .104-3640 Narra G Ill
St.' Phlllipplnalftl^.
" Fourth race — One mile and an 'eighth; the
Crescendo handicap; three-year-olds and up
ward :
3555 Position ..... 108 1 3555 MacGyle ..... l(Xl
3555 The Fretter. . . 8S 3555 Antolee 105
3559 Obla 1021 3542 Bragg 85
Divided Into Three Stakes
Accordingrto Their Past
terfbrinances.
Nine by the. Score of
| j ; 7.to'3^ ; .;
Fisher's Men Defeat Uncle's
Makes Remarkably Offer
..to Fight in England^
During June.
One Hundred and Twen
; ty-Eight Entered at
Union Park.
Kane and Hickey Pitch
Wild and Unsteady
SENATORS WIN
LISTLESS GAME
GREYHOUNDS
IN COMPETITION
DOG FANCIERS ARE RESPONDING
LITERALLY WITH THEIR ENTRIES
"FITZ" SAYS
HE WILL NOT
COME HERE
THE SAN F3GtANQISCOv CALL, THURSDAY, A^IL 10, 1902.
4
ONLY SERVE AS A MASK FOR.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON . BmotAxB
They hide its repulsive" form, and this serpent disease, Mf | vw\\v^
stupefied by these drugs, lies dormant until the effects j&gi 1 \\\\\\y%d@f
have worn oft or treatment is discontinued, when, it <*sPwil '.''.wtfilr^r
breaks down the mask and becomes as full of life and venom as ever
Mercury and Potash may dry up the sores and eruptions, but at the same
time they drive the poison back into the blood and system, where it feeds
upon the tender tissues, membranes and nerves, finally breaking out in
most disgusting sores and even destroying the flesh and bones.
: Mercury and Potash cannot accomplish a radical and permanent cure
They have a palliative but not curative effect upon this treacherous snakel
like disease. These drugs produce mercurial Rheumatism, destroy the -
teeth and corrode the membranes of the stomach and bowels, causing inflam-
mation and dyspepsia, nervousness and general derangement of the system
S. S. S. is a Specie for Contagious Blood Poison, and the only antidote
for the peculiar virus that-spreads so quickly- throughout the system,
corrupting the blood and infecting every organ and fibre of the body.
SS7^ /¦¦"'S S. S. S. destroys the serpent, and eliminates
(<^t V^^ .every atom of /poison from the blood, it makes a-
lJ*^N thor ough and radicalcufe of the disease, and at the
g**^/ sam e time buij"ds • up^the general health.- S. S. S.
/ m * r^ 7^"^ contains no minerals of any kind, but is a purely
vegetable remedy and we offer $i,ooo for proof to the contrary
Write us about your case and our physicians will cheerfully advise
without charge. Our home treatment book will be sent free to all < who
«***"* * #; THE StflFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, Atlanta, Ga.
I ML A JBL JL. T Ak^fc ft JL Jr.- JL lil Ml. I J&. Kb** A g
» j£&\. The Happy Man ! , \
\ . *«[&££% The lyian. With Force 1 *
! f^T The Man With Grit! {
' " R^*-" / ' The man whose look and ac- \
I .'."'¦ .''-"'jjjJ^ ¦¦ I •¦¦"•'"• tion show him to be one of'na-* ;i
[-, '''\ /w 'ture's models/ the man." who : <
* " L \i t \ : -Jt ' -^rcrigthand-a-.smile thatsay^'l
' -'"'¦-I i,h " X ' w A'J&w ' am a man."" Show'me tlfefmaii;. <
| t'n&whk w**! 1 - confidence in himself, the \
' • , man who does not hesitate to J
I do what hc tllinks is ri £ht, and I.. J
; IK .\^^P I Admire Bleu of Power! \
' And;I have'deVotedmy life to developing them. I know that "EIecttlcltv*.i» ''5
• ; the force, thatmiakes vitality, and' I use It to build up men who are nervous *
,.;hesltatlng. sleepless, failing in memory, loslngrself-confldence, weak. In heart
'•:- and stomach, losing, youthful ambition and courage.. Men. like that or those ' <
'.'•. with p^lns in the back. v rheumatism, sciatica and those other troubles whl-»h <
i follow, a loss of nature's vital power, I can cure. I can , make them fe'el t
-•-young, strong and encrretic, with my Electric Belt. If you are such a man " S
come. to me. ..My Belt is in a class; by itself. I take the other kind in trad* J
Get my book.. It has facts you will, be interested in.:'lt is free if you win' !
, inclose, this ad. Consultation :fr^e. .; , ,* * uu Wl « -,-|
piiGiic|f|iii|^|i^
:,';.f°.'?, fc - e ; h ? UI ?— 8 * ; : ™- to ? :3 9 V.m. :1 .v.": ; : '10 a: m.. to 1 p.-m. Sunday." •<
ff&m CARTELS
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heart*
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nansea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pa»£ in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regttlate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose. .
Small Price. ••¦'"'¦•'-;/_
We're After a Monopoly
Of the Laundry work of particular people
in this city, and we're going to have it
if best work and perfect methods will
bring about such t a result.
' Try one bundle here for the results we
give.
" No saw edses.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS*N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
: Telephone— South 42O. :
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
TO TH E PUBLIC.
_rigmps I hava been wonder.
"-'¦'' fully cured of fits and of
ijPn^ hip trouble by the fa-
\Pi> v moua herb doctor, Wong
18555 CT f Him, of 115-117 Mason
- m? P I ¦*¦• s# r * * was near *J r
Ttitr^ i dead when I came to
' K&Sml bim and th0 flts I haJ
JP>*fKk~ /^ -were dreadf"al, but I am
* ' J^IS^^T*^ J^%v enjoying perfect health
1 ** now. I can tell any one
*$^n*5^ttPl> of th « wonderful cures
«R8|S5SM&S^ he has made for me.
I came from Meridian. Sutter County. Cal.. to
Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me ofall my
ailment*. MRS. CHAS. E. DOTT.
Meridian, Sutter County. CaL
January 21. 1802.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. C. 1900.— To whom
it may concern: This Is to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. San Fran-
cisco, has cured ma of kidney trouble and
rheumatism," and 1 am happy to make, thl*
statement, as I nnd th» Doctor strictly hones:
in every sense of the word, and an honorable
man In all- hit dealings. DR. C. A. GAT.
Dentist, 8p2 Second ave.; Seattle. Waan. .
December 15, 1900.— This Is to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright"*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a numb** of doctors and various
remedies without affording me any relief. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after six months Of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad' tt>
certify to this tn person to any on» that may
call upon me at my residence.
% MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurat. Alameda County. Cat.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
tMUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
i CJJ lC31ia2Iir:r.]»t.6:i*7'Ji,3.F.CiI. k
\ . ,CJr^ The Largest Anatomical Mueuffl in tk« \
B m^vS>^ World. • Weaknenes or any contracted Q
a. Si'lSJ *«e«« r P-»i««»-»7 ««rf,Jh, the oldest f
0 IfcKfjEl t 11 ''*' o° th = Coast. Est. jS years. C$ ,
A Q^^h CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ lfw*^fj Consultation fre« »nd stiietly priTat?. \
1 I i JW^i H Treatment personally or br l«ter. A A
I S Si S r***™* C^«iae»eryea»eund€ruke«. ?
i 1 V 1/ II W w 'ite for Book. PBlLOHOPnY mt A
V • n I) "• H.4HH2.1GE, MAILSD FSB 2. ( A ¥
i fa , ft valuable book for mrn) . . \
f DE.'joni>AJ»*CO..1051iIartetSt.,9 F 9
. FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWS fcOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTT YEARS b»
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHIXJiRBv
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD, SOS*TKX3
the GUMS. ALLAYS air PAIN; CUBES WIND
COLIC, and Is the best remedy for DIAK-
RHOEA. Sold, by Drusrylsta in every part ot
th# world. Be »ur« and asie for
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING SYBUP
1 :.? •; AND TAKE NO? OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle: . . * ."' -"-'..>.
DR. HALL'S REIN VlGORATOXBraGFSI
Stops all losses In 24 hour*. Five \&V^l*A
hundred reward for any case wa Rh ii^HS
cannot cure. This ¦ secret rem- B^ Ti
eay cures Emissions, Impotency eweu kkh
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. WtI P*m
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- fiMjt K»P1
hood and all other wasting ef- B "^ i =? l
f«tcts of self-abuse or' excessas. SSSsSSa
S«nt sealed, ?2 bottle: 3 botUea. »5: guaranteed
«»>?£•.¦' *»yea«e-.-" Call or address order*
HALL S ¦ INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
way; Oakland* Cal^.. Also for sale at 1073i4
Market «t.. S.-, gy Stendfor fre» book. - • *
ALddtiPRSsfei ti JF' 3^ Ja . a norj-poi»onor«
xTJI&J&f*™$kiZM r.^ 1 IT 1 !. r ' ' Gonorrhoea..
V^«TTI1«PC^a S??;' s P"rm»torrhoBa,
£MSr tURtS White*, nnnatnrll dis-
IjSiSiff in 1 *» 4 dtyi. \J charges, or any Inflanim*,-
BtS'S Qoaiaawed t» •• tlon, irrliatioa or nlcora-
f> «| PreTtat conim* ion, . tioa " Of DIUCOO) Stem-
V>^f:t*£&r[y > U Circalar acnt oa request.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallad ,
on Application.
COAL; COKE AffD PIQ IRON.
!: V:ii ; 1 FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
i JAS BOYES&XQ '¦'¦gStSJFEfrygZ
, ' - OILS^
CC ?i^ I ? ATrXO OILS * ' LEONARD &* ELLIS.
418 gypnt st.. S> F. Phone Mala 1T1S».
print i«a. :. -— : .
E^C HUGHES ¦¦¦ ta SSS^L\.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS .
THE HICKS-JUDD'CO.. ' " ¦ • .
• • ¦ ,23 First Ktr*Mt. Sun rrsgtelsea.
Weekly Gali, $t\'per Year: At •; the bride's ¦ table : were Mr. ancl Mrsl .
Worthington Ames, Miss Florence Josse
lynr Miss Adelaide Murphy and -Mr.- Jphtj
Douglas. \-vV : :¦: : ' '¦* ¦ ¦ \' ' ;-.,*.:. .'"¦-¦•
, Later in the evening the electric lamps
were turned out, leaving only, the I lighted
candelabra, with- green .shades; throwftig
a > soft ; light upon the >»• beautiful' scenes
"•When the bride and groom took their de
parture they went from .one. table, to an- 1
-' other... and ; bade ' every ' guest a personal
: farewell, v ¦' '"¦".•.- j ;'-~' - :< '¦ ." ' ¦: - ;. • > : .:.-.^:
;• Mr. 1 and Mrs.: Drown will go as f ar . as
.New, rOrleans" on their ..wedding ; trip and
' j upon their ¦ return i will , spend • the summer
' at-the I Preston summer; home near. Red
'¦¦\YOo'd City. .'¦¦¦••'.•". -'"'¦'. '.,¦'•''*"'¦¦'¦¦¦ : - ''.', : : .'•¦'*•"¦
I The bride 'is ; , tall and Gibsonesque, with,
a splendid flgure : and beautiful face. She,
<iis well. traveled, well -bred and .has a, con-"
,siderate and'-lovely. nature.VShe.has been
Society Witnesses the Marriage of Daughter ofy-Prom
to Rising Young Lawyer at Gi^eEpisGp{kl
tion : and a Supper at^he Palace Hotel \ Follow^ the
WHITE BLOSSOMS BEDECK ALTAR
AT THE PRESTON-DROWN NUPTIALS
BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER OF PROMINENT ATTORNEY OF, THIS CITY
AND POPULAR YOUNG LAWYER, WHOSE WEDDING YESTE*RD AY
\ "WAS A SOCIETY EVENT OE UNUSUAL INTEREST. '.%
f.'We are'! 'selling: agents for ; the : "Water^
nian. Ideal' Fountain, Pens".'' ;?2 50 f ;tot510
each, 'and sole agentsfor the -"Marshall,"
the best $1 fountaln>pen in the t world.
I Sanbornjr Vail - & ; ¦*Co : ;,";741 -Market 'street. :•
The Best Fountain Pens:
5 /Captains. ¦-William G.' Miller and Edward
V. . .: Romig ; of the ' 'medical K department
have been ; ; ordered to •¦ leave , for Manila
on' the V : transport ?,Kllpatrick, : which * is
' scheduled * to sail • on April ; 12. Assistant'
Surgeon W. H. • Dade has been s ordered | to
• Manila " on' the\ Sherman, which : Is ? to sail
April 16." -The old', cable between- Alcatraz
-and 'Angel Islands is soon to be replaced
By. an- entirely < new, one; .'.-
News' in Army Circles.
. There was 1 a < reunion 'and " gathering of
the alumni of .the Polytechnic High
School' last night at Occidental Hall, .305
Larkin. street. The. graduates chatted
over, old times and enjoyed a social dance.'
¦The officers. of the association '¦ are: ; Pres
• ident, Herbert ' Hansen ; ; vice . president,
, Miss ,W. . Llllon; : secretary, Louis >. Levy;
treasurer. 7 E. K. Jakobs; executive com
mittee— Miss B. Sweinltzer, " * Monroe
Green and. D.S.Cahen. ¦;-/';;¦".;
Alumni Gives Dance.'.
: Attorney : General' TireyL. : Ford com
menced- suit yesterday : jtoVclose upV the
business Vof;. the -Pacific : Debenture Com
pany. 'Many .Judgments .'/have** been se
cured'against, the company : by, stock ho. d
ers ;and if- is 'because the Attorney-Gen
eral has ; failed to -find any reserve ; fund
out of -which Judgments may be- paid
that "the, action ; Is - brought. : h - Ford .'asks
that the ' charter . of the ¦ company ; be , re
voked and Uhat a fine'of $5000be imposed,
on the concern" for misusing Its corporate
authority >ahd for. Illegally and unlawfully
using its > franchise. /p :¦' :. \
Charges Misuse of Powers.
SANTA MONICA, April 9.— The thirty-sev
enth anniversary of Lee's surrender of the Con
federate army was celebrated to-day at the
Soldiers'. Home.
. Every traveler , has experienced : the dis
comforts -of having, to crane his neck and
otherwise contort himself when trying to
read. in a car.'at night, •''¦/The "electric-ad
justable reading lamps above every ; seat
"in "s the Limited cars make | such
experiences a. thing of the past. The train
is on exhibition at the Oaklandj>ler, every
night' from-. 7 to 10 o'clock. .Secure an
Invitation . at the . Information Bureau, '613
Market street.'.- . :
A . Kodern Convenience.
1 W." E.,RenBhaw, the husband of one. of
the Injured ladles, was busy collecting
evidence In reference to the accident last
evening, and it is thought that he intends
suing- the owner of the automobile for
damacea.-:- '¦/••. t- -T - :;-> .' ¦ -• :~'i','&'?i\'#-i
A hack was summoned and the injured
women were removed to the Palace Ho
tel, where they are staying. Mrs. Ren
shaw received a severe lacerated wound
on the face and a number of bruises
on- the body, while Miss Wa'.sh ' se
verely erralned her ankle.'
The automobile was the property of It.
H. Hoag, and as soon as he heard of the
accident hehurried to the scene of Hie
wreck. He commenced to ' bitterly up
braid Gould for what he. considered un
warrantable carelessness, arid the by
standers took a hand in the matter." They
declared that Gould was not to blame for
the accidtnt. and for a time it looked as
if there would be a fight. .
reasonable rate of speed along Point Lo
bos avenue two dogs ran out from f the
s'dewalk and made a dash for the ma
chine. One" of them struck the' 1 , front
wheel and the automobile gave a sudden
lurch and tipped over. The riders were
thrown to the ground with great violence.
Gould and Miss Walsh were both stunned
by their fall. When Gould recovered con
sciousness he dragged himself to his feet
with great effort and turned his attention
to assisting the ladies. • ¦ >
i A serious accident occurred at the cor
ner of Point Lo bos and.Johnston-,ave
nues yesterday afternoon*, and as a. result
Mrs. W. E. Ren6haw and Miss, Cora
Walsh, her sister, were seriously injured.
The ladies are from Denver, and yester
day afternoon they rented an automobile
to ride out to the Cliff House. The ma
chine was operated by James H. : Gould,
who is considered an . expert chaff eur.
While the automobile was traveling at a
To-morrow the scene of the festival will
be transferred to Campbell, where ' tha
citizens have prepared a programme of
exercises and games. There will be a ¦ pic
nic also.* The California State Floral So
ciety of -San Francisco is going to Camp
bell In a body. The Improvement Club
of San. Jose has- made arrangements -.to
send J excursion ,: , parties . by automobiles
from that: city. ¦•
. The Board of . Trade had the affair; in
charge and saw that all the visitors en
joyed a drive through the orchards. 'After
the ¦ drive many of the parties ¦ went up
into' the foothills, where they enjoyed
their luncheon. The afternoon was spent
in sightseeing. '¦'..<. '."."¦ ' ¦¦'
LOS GATOS, April 9.-^The blossom fes
tival here ' to-day ' was * well attended.
Hundreds ' of San - Joseana drove to Los
Gatos this morning and the trains from
the bay - cities brought | hundreds j more.
The day was a perfect one, and the drives
and walks about ' Los Gatos were In fine
condition. .. : ':
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS GATOS DOES
FESTIAL HONORS
The cracksmen In their hurry to escape
ran through the Enterprise Foundry,
which is close to the works, and were
seen by Chris Martin and Antolne Boesch,
who were working there. They asked
Martin and Boesch the way to the street,
but they declined to show them. They,
however, discovered the door and disap
peared through it. They were seen to
run along Folsom street in the direction
of the water front.
The police have not been able to find
any trace of the cracksmen who attempt
ed to blow open the safe 'in the office of
the Eagle Brass, Machine and Plating
Works at 225-227 Beale street early "Wednes
day morning. Policeman William r Des
mond was the first to discover that some
thing was wrong. The light in the > of
fice, which is always kept burning, was
out, and this aroused his suspicions. He
listened, and heard the noise of a drill
being worked. The noise stopped almost
immediately, and he then heard some
one running . from the office. Desmond
tried the door, but found it locked. He
blew his whistle, and Officers McGowan
and Hightower responded. One of them
telephoned to police headquarters, and
Detectives T. B. .Gibson and Riordan hur
ried to the scene.* They made an investi
gation, and discovered that entrance had
been effected to the office thrqugh a side
window by forcing the wfre screen. .The
safe • had its " combination . knob knocked
off, and two holes had been partly drilled
through the door. In the office and in a
vacant lot adjoining the building the of
ficers found three stick* of giant powder,
six drills, a ratchet and brace and auto
matic feeder,' a chisel,' a handkerchief and
fuse.
•The address *, was well . received by the
residents of Santa Cruz and the press of,
.that xity 'has already taken up the matter
and attempts- will be made by the resi
dents of . Santa Gruz. to secure a certain
percentage of the tourist winter travel.
The Southern Pacific officials feel that
with the rapid increase of. tourist winter
.travel'- the annual number of visitors to
this coast will reach 200,000 within a few
years. \ "•' ¦¦ " . ; . ". *
..When Mr. Judah had fulfilled his mis
sion at Santa Cruz a large delegation of
the, citizens was at the railway station to
bid him farewell and assure him that hla
visit would bear fruit in the near future.
, In the course of his address Mr. Judah
said that the tourist travel was increas
ing annually with rapid bounds, but that
especially in the vicinity of Santa Cruz
the hotel accommodations were insufli
cient.". •*.'¦": i '-.-',:¦
The latter part of last week Assistant
General Passenger Agent H. R. Judah,
following Instructions from Mr. McCor
mick, left this city: for. Santa' Cruz and
spent several days. at the seaside resort,
meeting prominent men of that city. Last
Saturday evening at the Hotel St. Georga
Mr. Judah addressed the citizens of Santa
Cruz. .¦¦•-¦ ¦-•."•.' ¦....-
The Southern Pacific Company is do-
Ing an enormous tourist traffic business
this year, and Passenger' Traffic Director
E.- O. McCormlck is not leaving a stone
Unturned to increase, this line of. business
next year. " . . /
BURGLARS MAKE
THEIR ESCAPE
ADVISES PEOPLE
OF SANTA CRUZ
-, • -.-•-. * - . . -. r
lilies of the valley and white orchids. Dr.
Richard FoHis acted as best man.. The
mother and sisters of the bride were ele
gantly gowned in white satin and rare
lace. •
A f ter. the ceremony • » more * than 209
friends offered their congratulation's and
good wishes at the reception given, in the
drawing-rooms of the Palace Hotel,- where
an elaborate supper was enjoyed. • The
decorations were entirely in white and as
artistic as they were beautiful. In the
mantels, doorways and corners . were, bas
kets holding great branches of pear
l)!oj».«oms or roses. The- many small . ta
bles were done in spring flowers, tied with
wide blades of ribbon grass. The bride's
table had in .the center an • immense
wreath of pear blossoms and peonies. ¦ >
The wedding of Miss Josephine A. Green
and William P. Hassell,' son of the late
Horace -iHassell of this ' city, , took place
yesterday noon i at the home of William
P. Hassell, 1206 Clayton street. The bride
and groom started last night on a trip
East. They will return shortly to * their
home In this city. ' . - : .
Mrs. Alfred von der Ropp gave a lunch
eon' yesterday at- the University * Club in
honor of Mrs. John Henry 'Dieckman | Jr.
It was a most enjoyable affair.
Mrs. E. S. Breyfogle entertained a dozen
.\riends at six-handed euchre, in her apart
ments at the Palace Hotel yesterday aft
ernoon.
Mrs. W. H. Mills was hostess at a de
lightful tea yesterday afternoon at , her
Jackson-street residence.. The affair .was
most informal and ; given in honor,- of
friends from Oregon.. About 100 guests
were pleasantly entertained during the
afternoon. : ' ;
especially popular, in exclusive -society. '
The groom is the son of A. N. Drown,
Ho is a member of the law firm of Drown.
Leicester & Drown at 104 Sutter street,
and a graduate of Yale Law School.
An unusually extensive nnd costly col
lection of wedding gifts wasrecelved by.
the happy couple. ' .,.,.'
The value of the property in this State
Of the late Thomas Couch, the mining
man, who died here recently, has been
appraised at $32,138 13. It consists of $11,
1)31 13 cash, stocks worth $79,700 and per
sonal property worth $445. He also leaves
large interests in property located in
Urah and Montana.
Appraisers Make K«port.
The members of "The New Yorkers"
gave a social at the Occidental Hotel last
evening. The affair took place in the din
ing-room, which had been specially, deco
rated for the occasion. During the even
ing speeches were made by H. P. Bush,
A. H. Bush, W. S. Duncombe, J. P. Dig
nan. G. D. Dornin, J. E. Field, J. H.
Gates, J. T. Green and C. Mason Kinne.
New Yorkers Give a Social.
DENVER LADIES
ARE BADLY HURT
THE Preston-Drown wedding at
Grace Episcopal Church last even
ing was a brilliant affair. M?ss
Edith Preston and Willard N.
. Drown .exchanged their, vows ; be
fore an altar decked with white flowers
' and in the presence of several hundred
friends. The large church was packed to
the doors with a fashionable assemblage.
It was a white wedding. The magnificent
array of gowns. and jewels, the. artistic
decorations of white spring blossoms and
the blaze of light formed a picture, the
beauty of which will long he remembered.
Rev. Dr. R. C. Foute performed the im
pressive ceremony. \ . . .
About 8:30 o'clock, the bridal party en
tered the church to the strains of the
"Lohengrin Wedding March." The ushers
headed the procession. They were: Rob
ert Eyre, Thomas 'Breeze, Worthington
Ames. Knox Maddox, Clarence Follis and
Mr. Wilson. " : :
The bridesmaids, four in number, came
next. They were: Miss Elsie Sperry,
Miss Grace Spreckels, Miss Bernie
Drown and Miss Linda Cadwallader. They
were all gowned -in white mousseline.de
sole over white silk, with garniture of
.pink. Pir.k roees were worn over one
shoulder and the bodices had a belt of
pink satin. Short tulle veils of pink were
held In the hair with a wreath of Brides
maid roses. Large wreaths of pink carna
tions were carried instead of bouquets.
Miss Mary Josselyn, maid of honor, fol
lowed the ' bridesmaids. She was gowned
in white lace over white silk and wore a.
white tulle veil. She carried a large'
wreath of white wistaria. Then came .-'.he
bride on the arm of her father, E. P.
Preston, the prominent [ attorney. | The
bridal gown was of heavy white duchess
satin with rare Brussels point lace on the
bodice. The bride ,wore a long veil of
thinnest tulle and carried an armful of
The children of Mary of St. Francis
parish will give an entertainment at
Golden Gate Hall, Wednesday evening,
April 23, to raise funds to help build a
new parochial residence for the clergy.
The general admission will be 50 cents,
and reserved seat tickets 75 cents each.
Tickets can be purchased at the residence
of the clergy. ( j20 Vallejo street, or at P.
A. Blckley, d311 Stockton street.
Children Will Entertain.
Remarks. Jolur-Riley; contralto solo. Miss
Alice Kane: barytone solo. A. LaFaille; Irish
uance. Little rranc«.s Dougherty; soprano sol-",
>»i&> Marie Sehzniu.; tenor solo, Henry Grat
un Dowdall; Ir sh dance. Messrs. O'Connor
i.:.'j Keileber; baiiaJs, Louis Lobe; Irish airs,
orchestra. "Romance of Three Bachelors" —
late llanson. Krank Gilson: Bon Carton,
Georse H. Sretenich: Bill Van Stuer. Frank J
Booth; alary Walker. Hugh T. McCann; ltev.
Chauccey Stotter. &tanz A. RHey.
The Cavan booth of the Irish Fair in
aid of St. Peter's improvement fund gave
an entertainment and . dance last night
at Mai. gel's Hall. Twenty-fourth and Fol
tom streets. The hall was crowded to the
doers by an interested audience. The
following programme was successfully
rt-ndered
Cavan Booth. Entertainment.
Webster's resolution that the Burnett
Grammar School be designated as the
liay View Grammar School was taken
under advisement.
The Golden Gate Valley Improvement
Club petitioned that an eight-room
schoclhouse be built in the district to
relieve the congested attendance in the
schools.
The Castro-street and Glen Park Im
provement Club notified the board that it
will eend a committee to request that a
schoolhouse be built in the Castro-street
Addition.
That Blanchard is and was guilty of unpro
fessional conduct for failing to keep a record
of all cases of corporal punishment adminis
tered in the Hancock School; also for assum
ing, without due investigation, that a note pur- .
poi-ting to have been written by Mrs. Raggio*,
was forged by her boy.
That Blanchard is guilty of immoral and !
unprofessiona.1 conduct fcr having sought to j
shield and justify himself for violating cer- I
tain rujes by shifting the blame for Raggio's
punishment on Miss Perry, and that since pub
licity has been given to the punishment of ;
Raggio Blanchard has called meetings of the |
teachers of the . Hancock Grammar School at i
which he has appealed to the teachers to help
him out of his difficulty.
The board took the report under advise
ment.
The board fixed the summer vacation
from June 6. 1902, to July 21. 1902. !
l>eaves of absence were granted to Miss
Esther Simms, Miss Rose V. Claiborne,
Miss L. A- Fenton and Miss Alice Mar
tin. • i
Besides the infliction of undue punishment
on Raggio I find that Blanchard ordered Miss
Perry, an assistant teacher, to write on the
blackboard of her classroom that certain boys
whose names were given would be whipped in
the earns manner as Hapgio if they were agaiu
out of order. These acts of Blanchard are In
violation o£ the rule ot order and discipline.
That on September, 1801, Blanchard caused
Miss Perry to enter in the public school regis
ter certain false statements In reference to Uie
punishment of R&ggio. That the register is a
public record and eaid entry is in violation of
the school laws of the State of California and
was an act of unprofessional conduct on the
part of Blanchard.
Superintendent of Schools Webster sub
mitted to the Board of Education yester
day his findings in- the investigation of
charges filed against Principal M. E.
Slanchard of the Hancock Grammar
School; Webster says in his report that
after examining thirty-seven witnesses
he finds that there has been corroborative
evidence that Blanchard inflicted exces
sive i>uni£hment on pupil John Raggio
and compelled Miss Emma Perry, a teach
er in the Hancock School, to enter false
xecorda in the register. Webster there
fore deems Blaactiard guilty of unpro
fessional conduct. The report says:
Among the .larger /communities whose
sample ballots are reported by. the printer
here, to be radically.- wrong andinj defi
ance ¦ df the "provisions v of the, amended
Political; Code lrf« a marked degree are:
Palo Alto, Coronado, Rocklln, Dixon, Lcs
Gatos, AVatsonville, lUklah, Sputh Pasa
dena,' - Riverside, Corona', Redding ; and
Lompoc.' 1 Some of the ballots are in one
column only from beginning to end, the
specification^ for.* a blank ; column being
entirely ignored. If there : were bonds to
be voted the financiers would be on pins
and needies. As* it Is, the candidates are,
'as Individuals! most largely concerned.
Communities • in . Enron
¦¦ Provision, Is made for a blank column
in which the elector may write the name
of any candidate for whom he wishes to
vote whose | name is not printed on the
ballot. This shall be designated as the
"blank column,", but shall be in .all other
"respects a. duplicate of the political party
columns upon such' ballot. Provision is
also made for printing at the. right.of the
last • column . for nominations, in one or
more columns,: according to the space tp
quired, the several names . of ¦ the can
.didates nominated, having above each of
the tickets the •- political or other; name
-selected to designate independent nomina
tions. Provision is made for a'perforated
line at the top of ' the ballot to extend
"from top to bottom "and for printing the
ballot with a "corresponding stub. The
name of a candidate shall be printed only
'once upon a, ballot," and If a candidate is
nominated I by \ more than one certificate
of . : nomination he must choose which ¦ of
the party designations he wishes/ to have
his" name • printed . under.
. The party name shall be printed in display,
the designation 1 of the .office in brevier lower
case and the name of the j candidate . therefor
In brevier capital type. ' The title of the office,
together . with i the . name of the . candidate
therefor, shall be printed in a space one-half
Inch in depth and at least two Inches in width,
denned by light horizontal ruled lines, with a
blank: epace in the right thereof one-haif of
an Inch wide, Inclosed by heavier lines, which
rpace (called the voting square) shall be of the
same depth as | the space containing the title
of ' the office and the name of . the candidate;
provided,* 1 however, ' that when two or more
person's are; to be voted for for the same office
for the same . term; on the sa»» party ticket,
the', title- of the office shall oe 1 published 'in
the first' space only, which space shall be one
half Inch ..in depth ,and the , several ; spaces , In
which only such candidates" names are printed,
and ' the voting.' spaces to the right thereof,
shall "each be .one-fourth of an. inch In depth
between the horizontal ruled lines. )•
Some of the municipal officials appear
to think that the law of 1897 is still .in
force', 'and have < , proceeded accordingly,
when there have really been effected rad
ical changes by the legislation of 1890.
There is a great diversity in the forms
of the sample ballots that have been sent
to this city. In some instances printers
in j San Francisco, after receiving- copy,
have notified those . who gave the { orders
•that- their directions did not conform to
the 'legal requirements in the premises.
Some have taken the hint. Others have
replied that they wished the orders car
ried Out exactly." aa they had been given.
;In such instances:the printers had -nQ"al
ternative, and did as they had been direct
ed to do. "Among the specific provisions
"devised by the legislators in 18W are ' the
following: •¦ . • ¦ ¦ *. ;
Law Relating to Ballots. ..• -
The list of candidates of the several parties
shall . be printed in parallel columns. The
number of columns shall exceed by one the
number of the separate tickets of candidates
to be -voted for at the polling place for which
the ballot is provided, except as otherwise pro
vided in thl3 section. - -
This ' discovery has been made i by the
collection ' by San -Francisco blank-form
publishers of sample ballots as they havo
been 'prepared for use at the elections to
be -held in the interior.. The largest col
lection of this sort has been made by. A.
Carlisle & Co. .Upon request Carlisle yes
terday, permitted a reporter for The Call
to look these samples over. When the law
was made in 1899 the legislators took .the
greatest pains to cover all the minutiae
of the . arrangement of ballots in. this
State for : the future. In addition to that
precaution : there is published in the offi
cial: Statutes and Amendments to the
Codes "of Calif ornia* a sample ballot, upon
'which the . various styles of type, -the
spacing required: by law and all the vari
ous particulars ' are supplied illustratively
as an object lesson. Notwithstanding
this; municipal officials ordering tne pririt
ing of ballots for use In the interior have
gone -wrong in a large number of '.n
stances and have now only- just time in
¦which to rlg-ht their errors.
Discovery Is Hade by Publishers.
gj Seventy-seven towns ¦ and cities hold
elections -next -„;' Monday. The- time is
short and; the. warning of The". Call to-day
will ' be" considered "to be especially valu
able, coming asit does just in the nick
of time; It- is only within the past few
days that -the discovery has been made
in this city that there Is a large delin
quency in the preparation of < the ballots
tov next week's municipal elections. There
are several publishers of .blank forms In
this city who make -a study of preparing
¦ such blanks : in accordance with legal re
quirements and who have become special
ists in that, particular line. .County offi
cials in the interior send -largely to thla
city. to get their election supplies and then
rest secure In the knowledge that they are
legally fortified. Many municipal officials
would seem to be willing to taKe chances.'
In ; the present - Instance the showing is
that fully one-third of the municipalities
to, elect are 'starting wrongly, which m
surety 'a striking phenomenon. ,. ' . •
>} : A,;.sensati6n > will ¦- be : "occasioned among
the^polltlclans and ri'o'miriees.. for;, office at
; thei municipal j- election- to-take^place' next
wjeekrin a "large' number of. California
cities '.and ' towns'- by ?'the • announcement
thaf/iin '; : froih ;;-tWenty-five ;, to -thirty
towns.' andicltles *th'e ballots. prepared ¦ for
the- elections 'are fiUesal In forni and so
threaten 'the .validity ; of • the '. ejections.
.Very j likely -there j will be a lively scurry
ing^around^ to ' have ballots 'prepared that
are ). legal'; according -.to the ' amendments
made !to,- section 1197 of \ the Political Codo
in March, 1893;.^Thte will involve expense
anfino^lttle amount of grumbling because
-sufficient '.'pare.- has not' been taken in pre
paring? the .original ballots^to have them
conform' to the law in all particulars. "
Found to ¦Have- Been
Disregarded.; -
Legislative; Provisions Are
Vacation.
Period of Summer ;
Board of Education Fixes
Webster Submits Report
on the /Blanchard
Investigation.
Many -Townsi and 'Cities
;fi^Haye fsi .Surprise in
'¦"^•-::,: ; l..-V,'-:-iStore.:-:-. , •/.¦¦
FINDS CHARGES
SUBSTANTIAL
FRAME BALLOTS
ON WRONG PLAN
THE SAN FKA^ CISCO CALL, THURSDAY^ APRIL 10, 1902.
5
k Established 1823.
,' a II gi !¦ V'fin ¦ "
#AKE JOSEPH: ReDresentatlve, 300 Battery Street. San Frandsem
.- r Whoever ; wants soft
hands, smooth hands,' white
hands, or a clear complex-
ion, he and she can have
both : that is, if theskin is ,
naturally transparent; un-:
less 'occupation prevents: ;
.'; The : color you; want io !
avoid com es , probably nei- \-,\
ther of nature or work, but
-Use: Pears' Soapi no-
matter how much; but a
little is enough if you use
•it:-bften^^M ¦ - . .•
'¦'¦¦¦¦'¦:'¦ t* : 1 tf i. - j ' .' " , -.'<:-¦'>
. Established over, ioo yeari.
¦ ' ¦-¦•rv-:-'-' , * •
MISS LEEMING'S RECOVERY
After Suffering With Catarrh of the Stomach For Vm
Years— -P6-rii-na Cored.
Miss Alice Leeming, 2074 Catherine street, Montreal, Canada, writes:
'•'lean conscientiously endorse Pzruna. I suffered for fivi years with
dyspepsia} which impaired my general health and deprived me of my usual
nervj force. I spent much money on rams dies and proscriptions without
any benefit until I tried Peruna. Before the first bottle was used / telt
much better and after ten weeks' treatment I was a new woman and in
perfect health. I cannot spsak too highly of Peruns."
mSS ALICE LEEUING.
. The, .women are all talking about Pe- • Miss Mildred "Welsh, 208 State street,
runa. Of course they are. "Why should .St. Joseph. Mo., president of St. Joe
they not? Peruna is the remedy" that | t"*" * "* V» * * * " t^h Am^ UT .
cured them. If they have a cold, Pe-.l ' !!"q?nA*. VnnwWiff
Ly n ex C n U erfence em - The> ' " '^W^ ! | the value ofp"?
If they are hoarse or have a cough, I $r£t*£r?k& wnm^n'q iLnv
they find Peruna an unfailing remedy. „ 7 V 2^^^, ? f wSh^d
Weak lungs, and even the first stages of J ) -s "^I^Q ? that the women
consumption, Peruna promptly restores. 7 *- !•%#« 4 nil ovpV th* Wnrl
and -then there are a host of women ,, j V* ygSffl » could 1 know ot
who have a slight derangement of the '^^*X ? it* fin* WimiU
stomach and digestive organs. All these ( , fc <SL^P^ ,,^ a remedv ea-
derangements are of a catarrhal nature. n >CS|^ «• SSdSllv
Peruna comes to the rescue at once. A j " to thSr neculiir
! very short course of Peruna Is sufficient I W'/^^Bmh I [n s '£' own "x
to put the stomach right and to make ,, * / £MIm^ J oirienM wUh P^
the assimilation of the food perfect. . ; * :/,V^^ * Sfn* h« hf-n ¦
But this is not all. This does not ex- wi-v "
actly explain why the women especially t Miss Mliared AVelsb. most |™tifyin
are talking about Peruna. Men, the t -. . S^ . J . OS . e ?*-, M °" . , . . ?a mr Sftrii-
same as women, have found Peruna use- \ " " " 7. itrT^q iCfTT riRT'ri -tct?t qw
fu' in the above-mentioned ailments. "& a . the ?ftarrh^hSr
The reason that Peruna is such a special , o ;| t r e u d na P 2££L Is not a euess nor an
tavorit. with women ;.. something more £ li^JtartSSf^lSuto
Women'are subject to pelvic catarrh. *?>£££*-*"
This condition has been called all sorts rtvals - Insist upon having Peruna.
?no^e n n e ekr?hL 3 se?^ma^^ d as t e%. Un p e e r - "fa. d ° <">t derlv* prompt and
runa cures these cases. . Peruna cures satisfactory results from the USO Ot
them because it cures . catarrh wherever a... »»»V» ****** *n Tim Ur,m*
located. The nature of most of . these reruna, write at once to Ur. Hart-
ailments is catarrhal. man, giving a full statement of your
of it is especially liable to case and he will be phased to givo
SfttoV°^ w^dlr Or 5S™ f tSfi f £SS! you his valuable advicB gratis.
Peruna. No wonder" they think it is Address Dr. Hartman, president of the
the greatest medicine in the .world. Hartman Sanitarium> Columbus, Ohio.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
MRS. j. bl'OONNELL
Was Sick Ei^ht Years with
Female Trouble and Finally
Cured byLydia E. Pinkham's
Yegetabie Compound.
••Deaji Mes. PiXEnAii: — I havo
ojever in lay life given a testimonial
before, but you have done so much for
me that I feel called upon to give you
this unsolicited acknowledgement of
MBS. JZXX1E E. OTXWKELL,
President of Oakland Woman's Bidiug ClnK
the wonderful curative value of Lydia
E. Pinklihm's Vegetable Com-
pound. For eight years I had female
trouble, falling of the womb and other,
complications. During that time I was
more or less of r.n invalid and not much
pood for anything, until one day I
found a book in my hall telling of
the cures you could perform. I became
interested; I bought a bottle of Lydia
E. Pinkhani's Vegetable Com-
pound and was helped; I continued its
use and in seven months was cured, and
since that time I have had perfect
health. Tbr.nks, dear Mrs. Pinkharu:
again, for the health I now enjoy."- —
Mbs. JzyxiE O'DoxarEXJ*., 278 East 31st
6t.. Chicago, 111. — SSOOO forfeit If above
testimonial It net gcr.ulpe.
Women suffering: from any
form of female ills can be cured
by lij-dia EvPinkliam's Vegeta-
ble Compound. . That's sure.
« Mrs. Plaldiam advises sick wo-
men free. Address, Iijnn, Mass.Ignatius Kerr, Thomas Leach. James Me-
Brearty, John O'Brien, Thomas O'Brien. Georga
Shields, Harry Smith, James Smith and James
O'Brien. <
The production was under the direc
tion of the. following staff: ',
Stage manager, A. F. Schleicher; musical di
rector, Curt C. Davis ; accompanist. Miss Mary
Short; floor manager.; John -'J.% Griffith: assist
ant floor managers — George Shields and I>«nnia
Casey; assistants, young men of the Choral So
ciety; ¦ . '
I The opera will be repeated this ' even
ing, and a dance will follow ' the per
formance.
Bunthorne; James C. O'Donnell, Archibald;.
John H. O' Brien,' Duke ; Roy B. ' Kay, Colonel :
Eugene Bournlzeau, Major; William Ogllvie,
Solicitor. Chorus— Misses Mary Anthony, Ethel
Brown. s Catherine Blake. Ella Barry, Ubbie
Brooks, Susan Brooks, Ella Canning:, Eva Can
ning, Kate Cusack, Gertie Cr'dnjn, Celia Feeney,
Lizzie' Fuller,. Kate' Fuller,' Mary' Fitzgeraldr-
Agatha Glover, Mollie Glover, Mary ' Hegerty,
May Lyne, Kate Mcfeuire. Lilian Nunan, Fred
erica Reid, ' . Kate .:- Robinson, Loretta Smith,'
Eleanor Sheehy. Nonie Sullivan, Nellie Teha-'
ney and Louise Wiskotschlll, James Butler,
James Casey, Dennis Casey, Maurice Corridan,
William Cox, John Doherty, Michael Donnlgan,
Thomas Fay, John ' Grllfln, Walter Hancock,
:¦¦>¦-:¦.!-. :¦_¦.. .-•.;. ¦¦-,-...- --.-¦ • .... - - ..*..¦
MEMBERS OF ST. PATRICK'S CHORAL. SOCIETT WHO TOOK LEAD
ING PARTS IN THE OPERA "PATIENCE," PRESENTED FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE BUILDING FUND OF THEIR PARISH.
Having noted that 80 per cent of the failures . in
class work were by students who frequent billiard
rooms, tlie faculty of the State Agricultural College
of Oregon has prohibited students from playing bil
liards; but if the faculty expect the prohibition to
diminish the failures there is going to be a disap
pointment. The student who does not like to study
doesn't need a billiard table to tempt him to idle
ness. •
President Roosevelt wishes our representation in
Cuba to consist of a Minister Plenipotentiary, with a
salary of $10,000; Consul at Havana, $5000; Consuls at
Cienfuegos and Santiago, each $3000;. secretary of
legation, $2000, and second secretary, $1500, making
a total annual expenditure in salaries alone of $24,500.
That looks like treating Cuba as a first-class power,
and in recognition thereof the Cubans should erect
a monument on San Juan Hill.
Calif omians in New-York.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The ¦ following
Calif orhians have" arrived : ;• San Franciscc
— B. ." Banton , at; the ,' Continental ; ; *.W.'| G.
Deal; at s the 1 Broadway Central;' MlS3 J.
Monteith.'at the St. Denis ;,W.J. Pierce,
at' the. Bartholdi; ; R.',Samayon; at- the
Kensington; A; D. ¦ Sangster, at the Her
ald Square';' J. Triest, at the Savoy; W.
P. .Thomas, at ; the Astor. - '-: ' ;
-'•'•Ix>s Angeles— K:\SteinleIn," at the Savoy,
;Oaklaiid—C..T. Forrest, at the Broad.
wayCentral. V- ; -, -:
;Palo Alto— Mrs. Keating, at the Grand
Union, v'r;' ¦:--M,-V:.:' > .;.' ; r/.:; '-• ; ;.;
-;;¦ «"-. : .' ¦ m » 1 . '
Stuffed prune3^ with apricots. >Townsend's.'
• " ¦"¦' ' TT ' * ' : — ~T~ ¦'. '
Cal." glace * fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
• Notice— Best" eyeglasses, "specs, 15c to 60c
Look out 81 4th' (front barber & grocery).'
> - v .; - ;¦ ¦ ;¦ ¦- '-'__•• t -^'i' V" ".'.'¦ > > , " *' :.:¦
; Townsend's ; California glace fruit; 50c 1
pound,? in ' fire-etched '; bqxes '; or Jap.",bas
kets.*?A' nice present for Eastern friends
C39 Market St., Palace Hotel building. *,
• : . ¦• ¦ .'.•'•.'¦:' ' [\. ..'"'. -* .? * ••-•¦'•- ; ¦¦; ,.. ; -
i% Special!,- Information ¦,-, supplied : J. dally. '' tc
business ' houses a and : public * men " by ' the
Press; Clipping Burean. (All en's), 1 230'Cali
fornia street;- Telephone Main 1042. ?
.-• .,' .;. ;-' • — — ¦ ? ¦ — *¦' '
. Alittle'girl.-; finding a" threaded' needh
onr Sunday ,• commenced ' • sewing ¦'. with it
Ker mother coming in. said .'.^ "Why, "Jane
are » you? working ton -Sunday ?¦¦- Don't ;yot
know. it's; wrong to: do that?" .
- VI /suppoee,"-, said 'the little- girl, "Goc
knows. I'm ¦ only -.using .basting: thread. '.'—
Yonkers" Statesman. .' . '
•"."¦* ~ — ..' * * — — : — — ~ . :
Men shaved; without soap,. 15c; at Rusa House
Antiseptic r Barber ¦ Shop,' 217 'Montgomery. • '--
Further ; reports from Constantinople are to the -
effect that serious disturbances resulting in '', irrhed
conflicts have taken place at widely separated points!
of European Turkey, and fears are"), felt that some-'
thing like a, general outbreak between Mohammedans'
and Christians is imminent. .It seems, therefore,. 1 that
the Greek Government was none too soon in calling;
attention to the agitations, and that the c Turkish
Governmen*t has been a little too slow'in ; preparing'
to. suppress them.
An eventual outbreak of sufficient violence to over
throw the existing order of things in European Tur
key is one of the few things on which the forecasters;
of the future of Europe are agreed. In fact,';it has
been nothing but a clear ; consciousness of the Immi
nent danger of such an outbreak that has prevented
it from occurring long ago, for had it not been,fore
seen and carefully guarded against by every resource |
known' to, diplomacy^ there would have -been - 'no '-j
DNCE more the Turkish, war cloud —which
hangs' permanently over Europe has begun
to emit flashes of fire and : . give signs of an ,
outbreak of activity in . the volcano below. Not
long ago the Greek Government called the attention
of the great powers and of Turkey to the dangerous
agitation going on in Macedonia and Bulgaria.! A
little later came the announcement that the Turkish
Government had arranged to mobilize 50,000 men
for service during the summer. , The two events
taken together gave warning that something serious
was going on among' the restless populations , of,
Macedonia and Bulgaria,' and now comes the news
\hatthe expected has -happened. . ;
Dispatches " from Vienna report ;. that Turkish
! troops have been sent. to four localities on the East
ern Roumanian frontier to^ guard it against an attaqk,
from Bulgaria; that the Turkish reserves neartlie,
capital had been ordered to hold themselves intreadi-!
ness to respond at once to an order to move, arid*,
that there has been already considerable fighting
along the frontier between the Turkish troops and.
small bands of Bulgarian adventurer's./ .. ; ;, ¦
A TURKISH ERUPTION.
i-E.'H. Cox of Madera is at the Palace^ ;
. ;C.' -R.' Tillson, a merchant of Modesto,
is at the LJck^^ '/h ¦ ¦
'De .Witt Claryt an attorney of Stockton,
; is I at the; Litk.fi; ,
,'L. V A. Spitzer, -a fruit-grower of San
Jose, is at the , Grand.
John H. Norton, a capitalist of Loa
Angeles, is at the Palace.
. E.T; "Manwell, an- attorney of Yuba
City, is in this city.
¦:A The Rev^. Samuel U^sworth of Reno,
Nev.,\ is ' at the: Occidental. '
.A.; Anderson,', a' fruit-grower and . well
;known politician* of Suisiin,' is at the
Grand. ;;--'¦
W. iH. 1 - Moore, a prominent -resident of
Los ' Angeles, is ' at . the • Palace, accom
panied by his wife..;
he desires to make ; payment. The person to be paid
attaches signature to the bill and collects the amount
of money named. Forgery of the " signature of a
payee, i; like counterfeiting, ranks' as a penitentiary
'ofTerise. ' ". . ."_' : \ / ,'. .. .' ' " : '-;.v
v- The '.advantages of a series of. bills which can be
converted, by a stroke of a pen. from currency to. a
ch'eck," payable i only to the person or firm specified;
wiil;'accruc to. all classes .'of people and to well nigh
ev^ry ;kind of business, r but they '.will, be especially
beneficial, to A persons who , live remote from ,*- post
'offices: r In fact, the system' may .Jt>e \ described as ; one
which will : be a convenience to all and is iwell ] nigh
a'hecessity to many. To put, the, plan into ; operation
will; entail little of no cost tovtrie ; Government, -and
the 'bill providing for it should b'e\ enacted tt this
session of Congress.;. It is . one of the reforms and
improvements the. people need.^
While the talk in ; the 'Democratic camp goes on
about Bryan and Hill and. Gorman and" Parker there
is every now amHhen a voice- that :; shouts for Tom
Johnson. -One" of these has "recently 'said- that if
Johnson .were given control of the Democratic Con
gressional campaign conmiittec the party < would , have
a walkover ; from which . it will be seen ¦ that while
Tom's boomers; do' not^ have achiance to talk often,
j they -say a lot whenever they'} get : a word in. y .
•T-iROM the. number of indorsements given^to the
rH post. check currency bill now before Congress
. ¦*• it, appears' the measure will provide the ! people
with what : may be called a necessity of the time. Our
present system of. arrangements for sending money
in small sums through the^ mails does not by any
means reach the whole mass of the people or furnish
all the means, that are required*.-, A postal moneyor-..
der may be a : -'facility" for persons who are located
near pbstoffices, but to the general public to procure
a money. order or to get one^cashed is more a matter
of difficulty than of facility. '¦¦ .
The, post check plan obviates all difficulty what
ever, and , at the same time provides a method of
sending money which is fully as safe as .sending a
bank check. ¦ "-Specimens of "the proposed currency/
which'have been sent out -by the bureau which is
advocating the reform show, clearly I how -simple the
"system is and how easily our 'present paper, money
can be; madejeffective for the proposed service.
In appearance the proposed ; post check resembles ;'
that of the present $i bill. On blank lines the holder
may give the namei and address of any orte to whom
Something radically wrong. has shown itself in~the
mental make-up of the local Grand Jury. After ma
ture'deliberation that distinguished body r of official
inquisitors insists that the Board of Public Works
must cease to give excuses for its "varied delinquen
cies and resort to action of some public benefit. To
most observers this demand under existing condi
tions borders on an absurdity. : . :
A CURRENCY NECESSITY.
J. Pierpont Morgan is giving evidences of a humor
that may become dangerous if it be not. checked in
its * incipiency^ ' Before sailing for England he gave
positive' assurances that America is good enough
for him. . -. . . " " ; . *
PERSONAL MENTION.
A FINE and well balanced ; renuir
tlon' of Gilbert & Sullivan's opera,
"Patience,"- was given last" night
at Native Sons' Hall by St. Pat
rick's Choral Society. Miss Etta
Welsh, the prima donnai and the.mem
bera at the chorus perfectly presented the
score, and the performance was- given
with a vim, dash and attention to detail
that showed earnest, painstaking work
on the part of all. ,
The opera was handsomely staged and
the ' participants were elaborately cos
tumed. Miss Welsh, with her clear bell
like soprano . voice, at once charmed the
audience, and . at each number, either in
solo, duo / or trio, ? she was accorded a
rousing reception. The chorus of milk
maids, the". esthetic-loving young women,
were particularly ' picturesque and sang-*
and acted like -. veterans. ' • The"- soldiers*
chorus of twenty male voices was par
ticularly, effective and in -the finales of
each act came out very strongly.
A : ll the principals were excellent in their
several roles. • Miss Sullivan, '^a3 '.'Lady
June; Miss Byrnes, 'as | Angela; Miss
Hausmann, as Ella, " v and Miss Anthony,
as Saphir, . deserve special commendation.
The entire cast was as follows:.; '
a Miss ' Etta -Welsh, _ Patience; Miss Genevleye
Sullivan,': Lady Jane; Miss Lilian Byrnes," An
gela'; Miss Frances 'Hausmann, Ella; Miss Mar
garet Anthony, Saphir; A." F. Schleicher, Mr.
representatives of rural constituencies touch the canal
very gingerly, if they favor it at all. The opposi
tion may prove so serious that it must be met or sur
rendered to, and the friends of the canal need to be
stir themselves.
Those arguments are not published, and therefore
cannot be 'reviewed now, but the protest itself is such
in addition to the maze of complexities which in
volves many public questions that it will be the de
spair of those who have 'not studied the increasing
complexity of our whole industrial and productive
system. The friends of the canal in Congress have
not expressed themselves upon the attitude of the
farmers, but seem to be pausing, in doubt of what
action to take. If the argument of the farmers indi
cate a set and serious opposition, it will make many
President Roosevelt declared the protest so unex
pected and the arguments so different from any that
had been brought to his observation that he asked
for time to examine them.
Mr. J. C. Hanley, president and general manager
of the Allied National Agricultural Societies of
America, has called on the President to. file a strong
protest against an isthmian canal. Therein the farm
ers submit energetic arguments to prove the canal
detrimental to their interests and ruinous to their,
fndustry. This revelation that Mr. C. P. Hunting
ton was speaking for the farmers as well as for the
railroads is one of the most interesting features that
has appeared in any^ national matter in this genera
tion.
But now a blast comes from a class supposed to be
the natural enemies of the railroads, and there is evi
dence of the utmost surprise^ at Washington, and the
way of the measure through Congress seems less
easy than before. /* ¦ .
The whole country could see a reason for railroad
opposition, and it was taken into account as some
thing that must be reckoned with by the friends of
the canal.
THE unexpected has happened all over the canal
issue. Heretofore it has been customary to at
tribute all opposition to the railroads. This
k as undoubtedly correct. The late C. P. Hunting
ten, who had the greatest courage of any American
financier and the most ample frankness of expression,
never scrupled to declare his opposition to the canal,
and every strong and debatable reason for Opposition
from a business standpoint originated with him.
His vast influence over the issue was .confessed by the
proponents of the canal, who renewed their energies
in the last session of Congress with the exclamation,
"Now that Huntington is dead."
FARMERS AND THE CANAL.
The reorganized Democracy may be no wiser than
his • disorganized ; Democracy, but it is reorganized
and his finger -was not in the. pie. He has left to
him The Commoner and many useful reflections.
Once he inspired terror, but, woe is him, now .it is
pity. •
'. In the still midnight of his barn, with silence only
broken by the Jersey cow chewing her cud and her
calf nestling in the straw, 4 the pageant of the past
marches^ by, blows out its torches 'and goes hence,
¦forever." 0 " \ '¦•_.] . ¦ - ; •. -. :
THESE be trying, days for Colonel Bryan. He
is inhabiting his new barn on his Lincoln farm,
but his thoughts are unutterable. , He has wit-,
nessed the retreat of Croker,-whom he hailed as "the
Prophet of Tammany. the Great." He has borne' the
return- to the Senate of his sinister supporter, Gor
man, who gave him wormwood in both his cam
paigns by .backing -him -on theiscore of "regularity"
alone. -He has seen Hill rise from his ashes to beam
as the 'political phoenix V)f New York. .He has vis-'
ited Congress to lay upon it his commands and finds
them disregarded .by the members" who chafe under
his yoke, and finally he is called to mourn the defeat
of Senator Jones by Arkansas, the last State in the
forty-five* that was to be expected' to repudiate the
gospel, of Nebraska. Jones is fallen! Twice he
elected Bryan by large majorities. before the election,
and, seeing through a glass darkly the,' glory of com
ing power, filled Cabinets and foreign missions in
advance. \ ; . ;
.Jones had Bryan's certificate of character. He
displayed the peerless one's certificate that his
cotton-bale . trust was not a trust, but an industrial
benefit for the masses. But the wind has blown it
all away, and Jones is no more. •
,- InMissondithe other. Bryan prophet, irreverently,
called. "Gumshoe Bill Stone," is*in uncertain pursuit
pi a Senatbrshipl but small boys scoff at himi
EXIT THE- BARNSTORMER.
Western railroads are objecting now to, tlje conten
tion of the Federal- Government that cannon, horses
and ammunitioin shall be. carried as personal baggage
of soldiers. The /railroads certainly should be ready
to admit that in times of; emergency these articles
are not excess baggage to Uncle Sam's fighting men.
The development of a broad Americanism noted
by the President is deserving of. the emphasis laid
upon it, but the greatest change in Charleston . has
been not the enlarged sense of nationalism as op
posed to State pride and secession, but the change
from old aristocratic pretensions founded upon,
slavery to a full' recognition of the value of industry
and the worth" of workingmen. The present repre
sentatives of South Carolina in Congress say and
do many foolish things, but they do not scoff at
workingmen as "base born mechanics" and "mild
sills of society," as 'did their predecessors before the
war. Charleston has acquired the American social
ideal as well as the national ideal. The honors of
her exposition are. not to go to orators, constitu
tional lawyers, statesmen or generals, but to the men
who in the fields or in the machine shops are win
ning for her a more honorable place in the /Union
than she has ever held since the days when her great
Revolutionary statesmen gave place to the advocates
of slavery and the, agitators for disunion. '.',
¦ r At the. present time the whole South is-moving
swiftly forward in the industrial march. There is still'
a long and difficult journey to be made before South
ern industry is on a level with that of the North.
There is urgent need for ) better and fuller common
school education, for legislation restricting the em
ployment of child labor in factories, and for a pub
lic sentiment more earnest in maintaining law' and
protecting the weakest from violence; but despite
such defects in her social and industrial system, there
is a good deal in it worthy of the highest commenda
tion when contrasted with the evils of the past.
Certainly the path in which Charleston is now leading
the South is far better than that in which she led of
old- The hospitable greeting which all her people
have extended to the President meets a cordial re
sponse from the whole Union, and the response is
the more earnest because the occasion of the visit
and the welcome is one that shows a growing re
spect for labor as well as for the Union.
In his -.reply to the welcome that greeted him_on
his arrival in tlie city the President alluded gracefully
to the enlarged patriotism which in our time, has
eliminated the last trace of sectionalism from" the
hearts of the great mass of the American people. ' "I
feel at home in your city," he said, "and I think
that any American who is worth his salt has the
right to feel at home in -every part of the United
States. Around this table I see many men who took
part in the great war. The. war in which the younger
among us here took part was a very little one, be
cause it did not have to be any bigger. But it had
one thoroughly good effect; it put the cap on tlie
structure that has been building while we were almost
unconscious of it, and: it taught us how thoroughly
one we were. When we got through that war it did
not make a bit of difference to us whether it was an
admiral who came from Vermont or a . lieutenant
who came from Alahama, .if the man had done his
duty in such shape as to make us each feel an even
more generous thrill of pride in our common nation-,
ality. The debt that we owed him had little to do
with the section from which he came."
ROOSEVELT'S trip to Charleston serves to re
call to the people of the North and the West
that a grand exposition is open; in that city.
It is a new demonstration, of the bigness of this coun
try that such an enterprise should be in full %pera—
lion in one section while in 'other sections it is hardly
given a passing thought. If for no other reason? than
that it i-ecalls to public 'attention the. marvelous in
dustrial awakening in the South as exhibited at the
exposition, the visit of the President is in the high
est degree gratifying. ..*u.w=T
-The Charleston exposition is not so. large nor so
comprehensive as .that at Buffalo, which immediately
preceded it, but it is the best that has yet been; held
in the extreme South. It represents high water mark
for that section in such enterprises, and there is some
thing of significance in the fact that, it should -have
been undertaken in the city whose traditions are no
table for anything rather than'for industrial or com-,
mercial enterprise. The greatest display at the expo
sition is,, in fact, the display of the new sentiment of
Charleston itself, and without the visit of the Presi
dent* that display would not have received anything,
like the consideration it deserves from the- rest of the
country!
The scheme of the committee seems to .be .the:
simple, one of exciting- violence wherever it can and
then making use of the consequent severity of the
Turkish Government in dealing with the insurgents
to rouse Christian sympathy against" the "unspeak
able Turk." Their one. object is,. to compel; a feor
ganization of .the whole of European Turkey, and.
the creation of, a "kingdom which wilHbe ' a sort of
independent standing ground for* the Slavonic races.
It is that very fact that make's the powers of Europe :
watch them so closely and so suspiciously. "There l",\$
probably no power that would lift ;¦ a hand to help .
the Turk; if it; were not that .'all of them , are" half
afraid of the menace of the spirit of "Panslayism.".
Hence the Greeks, were prompt to give the Sultan
notice of what the conspirators: have been doing. ,
Turkey, in factj may not be much loved; but no one
fears her, while, the ¦ rising^demand of the" Slavs -for ¦
nationality sounds in the ears of all Europe like a
tocsin of universal war. , • . ,,-,
i .Despite' all ; that, diplomacy has been able to do,
I however; it has '¦ not been possible .to : give, stable
' equilibrium to the decaying empire. The volcano of!
popular discontent among * the rebellious and half- .
barbarous peoples! of ,the i "various Balkan state's is
never quiet ' for any; great length ¦ of time. .The most
active force has^ been ' that)of ; the'desire. of : the' Mace- .
doniansto*annex their" country to' Bulgaria and thtis:
form a considerable kingdom ' extending " from ; : the ¦:
Danube to the Aegean, Sea. -Forithe accomplishment
of theidesire there has be" en formed an organization
known as Vthe Macedonian coniiTiittee," and its agi^"
tations, varying from making , speeches! to killings
Turkish soldiers, have been incessant ever since ! 1878. ;
Turkish empire -in Europe at the beginning of this
century, s ' -- ¦ , ' ,. ' * '. : .
THE PRESIDENT AND THE SOUTH.
THE SAy FEMeiSCq^^
6
ST. PATRICK'S CHORISTERS
MAKE BIG HIT IN "PATIENCE"
A distinguished member of our local footpad
gentry, who was sentenced to thirty years' imprison
ment for his crime, says that when he gets out he
will kill the police officer who • caught . him. Some
thing good might have been made out of this inter
esting convict if some one had encouraged his sense
of humor.
AUCTION SALES.
Monday, April 14, at 10 o'clock. Horses, Buggies, etc., at
1619 Market etreet.
AMUSEMENTS. '?&M
Columbia— "The Cardinal."
Orpheuaa — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "GlsmoDda."
Fischer's Theater— "Fiddle Dee Dee,"
California — "Eons of Ham."
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — 'The Land of the "Living."
Alcazar — "Madame Butterfly" and "The Great Unknown."
Metropolitan Hall — Son? Recital.
Maple Room, Palace Hotel — Manila- War Paintinra.
Raerman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital Saturday nifiht.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
THURSDAY... ......APRIL 10, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietorr --_J
licxtts 111 CcnBoaicaticu to Wj S. I7AEE. Kiuger.
JHVAGEK'S OFFICB. Telephone Pre««_2O4
ri'BLICATIOX OFFICE. ..Marleet nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Press S01.
EDITORIAL ROOMS.... .217 to 221 Stcrenson St.
Telephone Pre»* 202.
Dellrered I»t Carrier*". IS Crntm Per Week:.
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Terms tiy Mall. Inclodlnc Po«tasei
IJAILT CALL tlncludinK Sunday), cat year t«.00
IJAILT CALL. «ncludine Sunday).^ months.. «•<»
DAILT CALL (including Sunday). Z months..... l.M
DAILT CAIX— By Single Mcnth 63c
SUNDAY CALL. One Texr * 1.80
WEEKLT CALL, One Year.. l.OO
AH poitmutem are authorised to receive
naliiicrlpttonB.
E«icple ccples will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of addr<ss should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in "order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadir»y
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
rttiftr Foreign Adrtrtizi&g, Kirqsettt Bnildia*. Chie&jj
(Long Uiitance Telephone "Central 2619.")
ICEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAULTOX. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eberman House; P. O. Xews Co.; Great Northern Hotel :
Fremost House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICJS 140& G St.. 7i. XV.
MOH.TOX E. CHASE, Correspondent.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hetri. :'. .
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll »:S0 o'clock. 300"Hayes. or*n until 9:30 o'clock.. «K
McAllifter. open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
8:S0 o'clock, lttl Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
iiarket, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1008 Va-
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh. op?n until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-eecond and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until 9 p. m.
MEYT MEMORY TEST
;.llCA;I FOR A PRIZE
(** Wlikl SECOND INSTALLMENT.
1^1 I \\i m * F«*ty Pupils From th: Public Schools Are
DAY 9° YOU WANT
~™ ¦ r TO LAUGH?
I A B : .-¦ ' See "Pat:' and Heiny" in Their LatestT*^^
'. T^ ¦ ; .-" 'V Th!» page has attracted more attention
1 , 'than any other comic page* published in
APFIL THIRTEENTH - San FfancUco - -
MOST DARING HORSE- THE BUILDING OF A
"WOMAN IN THE PARK, - SUBMARINE BOAT.
JULIET CROSBY IN THE MOST -STUNNING
; MME. BUTTERFLY. PARISIAN GOWNS IN
:As Viewed; by ra Japanese Voman. / i SAN FRAN CISCO.
THE SUNDAY CALL PUBUSHES MORE WESTERN STQRIHS
THAN, ALL OTHER SAN; FRANCISCO PAPESS COMBINED.American; vessel which
arrived yesterday from
hilo badly damaged.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
NOTE— In . the above ; exposition i of the tides
the early ; morning tides , are given ¦ in s the ; left
hand ¦ column and the >. successive tides of 1 the
day in the order of occurrence? as to time:: the
THURSDAY. ; APRIL 10.
NOTE — The • high ' and ; lew -waters - occur at
the • city front (Mission-street- wharf) about
twenty-live later, than; at Fort Point:
the height of : tide -Is; the same at both place*.
United States Coast -and , Geodetic - Survey—
- Times and Heights of : High and Low
" Waters; at , Fort ¦¦ Point, -.entrance . to " San
, Francisco .Bay. .Published by official au
1 thority of the Superintendent.* ¦ : '.'
Sun, , Moon and ' Tide.
FHOM SEATTLE.
0 bbls flour, 4 pkgs arms and ammunition,
5048 lbs and 243 cs bread, 2009 lbs and 4 pkgs
butter, 445 cs canned goods, 0774 lbs che«se,
<J528 lbs and 13 pkgs dried fruits, 669 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 1 cs hats. 509 pkgs hard-
ware, 652 lbs lard. 2 pkgs leather goods," 70 pkgs
agricultural implements,- 205 ctls barley, 1 csk
bottled beer, 117 lbs codfish. 120 lbs coffee.
ei59 lbs copper, IS balfs dry goods, 21 cs fuse,
12,917 lbs grease, 035 bales hay, 65 pkgsdrugs.
£91 lbs hops. 1900 ft lumber, 4 pkgs leather, 7
pkgs bicycles. 10G bales bags. 772 lbs borax, 70
en coal oil, 294 bxs candles, 200 bbis cement, 13
pkgs electrical goods, 28 bxs, fresh fruits, 10
cylinders gas,' S97 lbs hams and bacon, ISO bdls
and 73,i>cs iron.' 65 cs and 103 gals liquors/ 521
lbs meal. 42.5C0 lbs malt,. 980 lbs nuts, 160 crs
onions, 771 crs potatoes, 2083 lbs and 20 bxs
raisins, 4 pkgs rubber goods. 4CO.Tlbs sago. 3204
lbs spices. 70.S5 lbs soda. 12.040 lbs tallow.- 6477
gnls and 3 cs wine, 4- pkgs, mill. work, 282 pkgs
machinery." 115 kegs nails,' 16S lbs opium, 90
bales paper, 520 pkss paste, 5640 lbs raisins 38
coils rope,V 13 cs fchoeo and findings, 1671 lb*
seeds. 4» cs salmon, IS74. lbs tea. 5400 gals
whale oil, 48 pkgs and 191 pes pipe and fittings
213 pkgs paints. 450 flaks quicksilver, 10 bxs
j-oap, (!28 lbs starch. 65 pkgs stationery 32
pkgs shtpchandlery. 377 bdls and 83" pes steel,
4139 bdls ehooks, 245 cs and 75 gals whisky
:'Jj4 colic wire. - ¦ « - . ¦ V— -¦ --¦
The steamer Curacao, which sailed Monday
for Mexican ports, carried a general cargo val
ued a^ $77,257. The cargo included the follow
ing merchandise and produce: -
The Curacao's Csrgo.
To Central America — 1908 bbls flour, 162,099
ft lumber. 109 bales dry goods. 30 pkgs arms
and ammunition, 37 pkgs beer, 64 cs canned
goods. 37 pkgs drugs. 3:{6 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 13f5 lbs and 1 cs hams and bacon,
121 pkgs hardware, 49S0 lbs lard, 8451 lbs mill-
Ktuffa. 1301 lbs beans, 1C4 bales cotton domen
tics, C40 pkgs machinery, C43 lbg bread, ,'!01 C3
coal oil, 1 cs fuse. 667 lbs hops, .11 pkgs mlil
work. :; cs hats, 41 pkgs Iron, 2 cs liquor^, 667
lbs grease. 1250 lbs dried fruits. 17 pkgs Can
dles, 235 gals brandy. 1 bale leather, 125 bbls
cement, 11 kegs nails, 27 cr onions, 137 -pkgs
paints and oils, 118 cr potatoes, 500 lbs and 2
pkgs raisins. 71,676 lbs rice, 2273 lbs spices, 3e
en ealmon, 9892 lbs tallow, 2070 gals and 12 cs
wine, 850 lbs oleomargarine. 100 ksgs, powder.
2"> bdls shakes, 2C4 lbs sago, 1M4 lbs tea. -268
bdls and 30 pc pipe, 100 flsks quicksilver, 17
bales paper, 3(5 bxs paste, 2S coils rope, 4061
rallrcad ties, 1C0 bdls shingles, G9 pkgs shooks,
J139 pkgs tank material, 2* bxs goap, 2 cs sta
tionery, J519 lbs starch, 5475 lbs zinc. 300 bdls
fence wire. 45 pkga tar, 272 cs and 80 gals
whisky. — ,
To Mexico — 213 pkg3 machinery, > i)39 pkgs
tank material. 14 pkgs hardware, 0 pkgs 'arms
and ammunition, 80!) bdls shocks, 3 bales paper,
10 kegs nails, 6 cs drugs, 14 bales dry goods,
1 pkg paints, 141 bdls pipe, 2349 lbs grease, 1
bale leather, 1 cr bicycles, 5C0 bales hay.
The . steamer City of Sydney, which sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports, carried
merchandise for Central., America valued at
$74,328, and some for Mexico valued at $7013.
The following were the principal shipments:
Sailing cf the Panama Steamo:
Reinsurance Bates.
The German ship H. F. Glade, now out from
this port 172 days for Queenstown with a cargo
of wheat and barley, was yesterday luoted at
20 per cent on ths reinsured list. Reinsurance
Sydney Sails for Panama.
The steamship City of Sydney sailed yester
day for Panama and way ports with a light
cargo and the following passengers:
• Sirs. I. Turner and child. Mrs. F. T. Ken
yon, Charles Morton, Mrs. Charles Morton and
child. Miss E. Birdsall. "W. E. Kearney, Fran
cisco Parada. J. Hinlon. Lewis Lethiec, Mrs.
L. Lethiec, A. I. von Hoomissen, M. Casta,
Milton Vazquez and James Bennett.
" The British steamship Queen Mary, out fifty
three days from Java for British Columbia,
was for a brief spell yesterday morning placed
among tha reinsured with the rate at 20 per
cent. Half an hour after the rate was marked
up at the Merchants' Exchange a dispatch
from Victoria told of th« safe arrival of the
Queen Mary *t that Dort.
Reinsured for Brief Spell.
The sailors en the British, ship Windsor Park
refused duty on Tuesday night and yesterday
morning vented their spite against Captain
Livingstone by breaking all the Custom-house
seals aboard the ship. The recalcitrant sea
men were pacified yesterday forenoon and re
turned to work... By breaking- the aeals they
have laid '- Captain Li vinest<^ne liable to a
heav •}• Cue, "which lp usually strictly enforced.
Break Custom-House Seals.
' To Hamburg, Germany — 1537 lbs beeswax, 03
ctls barley, 11 ctls wheat, 131 gals wine, 16 cs
pampas plumes, 100 lbs coffee.
To London, England — 38,931 lbs cascara. 4900
lbs. beeswax, 2000 cs canned salmon, 1250 cs
canned fruit. - - .
To Peru — 105 bbls flour, 115 coils rope. 233
pkgs machinery. 73 cs canned goods. 100 lbs
dried fruit, 5237 lbs tallow. 6721 ctls wheat,
8003 railroad ties.»1215 lbs codfish, 10 gals wine,
1C5 lbs raisins, 46 cs canned salmon, 5 pkgs
groceries and provisions.
To Chile — 10,000 lbs- lard. 50 cs canned sal
mon. 100 cs assorted canned goods, 6 pUgs ma
chinery, 31 bdls pipe.
. The steamer- Hermcnthis of the Kosmos
Lirife sailed j yesterday for Hamburg and way
ports with a" general cargo valued at $94,016,
manifested and destined as follows: For Mex
ico. §22.579; Central America, $14,0S6; Ecuador,
$5300; Peru, $:K>.7C3; Chile, $202:J; Germany,
$2430; London, ?1C,739. The principal ship
ments were as follows:
To Central America— 1320 bbl3 flour, 741 gals
wine. 7500 lbs rice, 10 cs whisky, 0 C3 salmon,
5 pkgs raisins, 42 pkgs potatoes and onions, 5
pkgs paints and oils, 20 cs powder, 5 cs caps
and fuse. 3 pkgs paste. 2 pkgs machinery. 27
pkgs groceries and provisions, 29 cs canned
goods, li>2 pkgs bridge material, a pkgs beer. 71
tbls cemer.t. 102 lbs bread. y X
To Mexico — 278 bbls flour, 2202 cs powder, 89
cs caps and fuse,, SI pkgs potatoes and onions,
10 bdls paper, 7 pkgs paints and oils, 1997 Ib3
scda, 30 cs, 227$ gals wine; 12 cs, 245 gals
whisky; 10 pkgs vegetables^ 7U.S2S ft lumber,,
6 cs liquors, 174 pkgs . hardware", 503 lbs ham
and bacon, 26 pkgs groceries and provisions,
1349 Ib3 dried fruit, 117 lbs cheese, 3 cs dry
goods, (i cs canned goods, CO cs coal oil, 490 lbs
bread. 100 lbs beans, 3 cs ammunition. I ¦
To Ecuador — 1025 bbls flour, 30 cs canned sal
mon, 30 pkgs potatoes. 5 pkgs rresh fruit." 400
lbs codfish, 5 pkgs groceries ana provisions, 45
coils rope, 011 lbs ham and bacon, 420 Ib3
meals. 1C0 lbs raisins, SO gals. (5 cs whisky;
210 cs soap, 1273 Ib3 dried fruit. 22 bdls brooms.
Cargo by the Kosirios Liner.
THE American ship Iroquois has
been lost. The fate i of captain
and crew was not referred to in
the brief dispatch received here
yesterday from Macassar and the
belief ; in shipping circles is that they
were saved. The dispatch simply states
that ship and cargo arc a total loss.
The Iroquois on March 20 went ashore
in Sapis Straits, between the islands
of Sumbowa and Flores in the
Java Sea. She was floated, but found to
be leaking. .Before repairs could be: ef
fected a heavy storm tore her frorn her
anchorage and drove her to sea. That
was the last heard of her until the ar-.
rival yesterday of the dispatch . from
Macassar.
The Iroquois was well known in this
port. Her skipper. Captain Thompson,
and his wife, who always accompanies
him to sea, are natives of San Francisco.
Mrs. Thompson was a Miss Schurz. They
¦were married in 1SDS. Captain Thompson
and his brother. Thornton Thompson of
the Sclby Smelting Works, married sis
ters. -..-..- ' A
The Iroquois was built at Bath. Me., in
1S&L by Arthur Sewall. ' Her net regis
tered tonnage was 1997. She was 237:1
feet long, 43:6 feet wide and 27:9 feet deep.
Vessel and cargo were worth about ?250,-
C00, which is covered by insurance.
- The British ship Levernbank, Which arrived
oft port Monday night, was ordered to Portland,
where she will load wheat for Europe at 20s
3d.. ¦ ' -, s .,-.¦¦'¦, .-
The French bark Saint Rogatien is chartered
for wheat to Europe at l!2s Cd, prior to arrival.
The schooner A. B. Johnson will load lumber
at Grays Harbor for Honolulu and the barks
Mohican and Olympic general cargo here for the
same port^ j
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to* Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British' bark Dunbritton from Oregon
arrived at Flushing, April 5,. with a heavy list
and masts and sails damaged by gales en
countered during the voyage.
Bark Dunbritton Is Damaged.
on the French bark Oliver de Clis60n"was yes r
terday advanced . to 70 per cent.
from Java, via Moll.
. BIRKENHEAD — Arr.vcd Ayrll 8 — Ger ship
Neck, hence Nov 16.
BRISTOL — In roads Arril 9 — Br bark Kll
meny. hence Dae 17. ¦
HAKODATE— Sailed April 4— Br stmr Arab,
for San Francisco.
• HASTINGS MILL— Arrived ADril 8— Baric
Challenger, hence March 27.
MANILA— Sailed Aoril 4— Er stmr Algoa.
. for San Francisco, via Moji.
NANAIMO-^Arrived April 8 — stmr San Ma
teo. *ence April 4.
VANCOUVER — Arrived April 9— Br. stmr
Queen Mary, from Java.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. SALERNO— Arrived April 5— Stmr Argylle.
from -Portland. Or. via St Vlnoent, C V, and
Naples.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 9— Stirr
Ivemla. from Beaton. ' for Liverpool; stmr
Noordland. from Philadelphia, via New York,
for Liverpool, and proceeded.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Aprils 9 — Stmr
Kaiser Wilhelm der Crosse, from Bremen, for
New York.
Arrived April 9 — Stmr St Paul, .from New
York.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 9— Stmr «5t
Louis, for Southampton:" stmr Majestic, for
Liverpool: stmr South wark. for Antwerp.
CHERBOURG — Sailea April 9— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der f?ros»" 'ron Bremen and South
arorton. for New York.
bOW HEAD — t-a:-t«:n April 9 — Stmr Noord
land. from Philadelphia, via New York, for
Queenstown.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived April 9— Stmr Al
ler. from' Genoa, Naples and Gibraltar, for
New York. .. ;..-.
¦ VICTORIA— Arrived Anril 9— Br t<tmr Vlc
tortp.. from I Ladysmlth : Br »tmr Queen Mary,
• : SAN PEDRO — Sailed : April 9 — Stmr Bruns
wick, for. San Francisco; -stmr Fulton., for San'
Francisco; schr Corcjna, for Ballard; stmr Rob
ert'Dollar, for San Francisco.- •¦ ¦
.NEAH BAY — Passed out - April 9— Dutch
stmr* Folmina. ; f rom Nanaimo. for San Fran
cisco.
Passed In April 8 — Stmr St Paul, hence Apnl
C, lor Seattle: Br ' stmr Wyefleld, from Pert
Los Anceles, for Nanaimo.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 9— Stirr
Newburg, for San Francisco: stmr Coronado.
for San : Francisco: stmr G C Llndauer, for
San Francisco. ¦ -' : - ¦ ¦
SAN DIEGO — Sailed April 9 — U S stmr Fa-
ra gut, -for San Frnnclsco. ;
PORT BI^AKELEY— Arrived April 9— Schr
H D Bendlxsen. hence Aurll 2.
BALLARD— Arrived * April 9— Schr Albert
Meyer. hence' ; March 30. •
. PORTLAND. Or— Sailed , April 9 — Stmr
Maria, for Vladlvostock: bark .Ernest Le
Gouve, for Queenstown: .bark Torrisdale, for
Queenstown. - -
• EASTKRN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed ADril 9— Stmr Orizaba,
for Colon."' -
FOREIGN, PORTS.
' VALPARAISO— Sailed April S— Schr Irene,
for Port Townsend.
- NEWCASTLE, Am- Sailed Aaril S— Ship
Henry -Vlllard,- • for Honolulu.
COLON — Sailed April 7— Br stmr Kestor,
for .
HONGKONG— Sai'.ed April 5— Br, stmr Kin -
tuck? for Liverr»ool. ' •
-Sailed Arril - — Br stmr Empress of China,'
for . Vancouver. . • '• ¦ . .
- QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 7— Fr bark
Emncreur Menelick. for Hull. .
BEACHY HEAD— Parsad Arrll 7— Br>ship
Semantha, from Hamburg, for Oregon. '
ST MICHAELS— Parted ADril, S— Br ship
Crown of India, from Oregon, for : Queenstown.
HAMBURG— Arrived ADril 8— Ger ship
Kenee Rlckmers. from Oregon: Br ship St
Mun;n, from Tacoma. f-r" -
YOKOHAMA — Arrived April 7— Br stmr
Yanp Tsze.from Liverpool, for Seattle.
Arrived . ADril 0— Stmr Dirieo. from Skag
way; ctmr Umatllla, hence April U; atmr St
Paul, from San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived April 9— Stmr W H
Kru^er. hence Ar<rll 0.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived ADril 9— Stmr
San Pedro, hence April 7.
• COOS BAY — Arrived April 9— Schr: Emma
Utter, from San Pedro.
TACO MA— Arrived Aoril 9— Bark Carrollton,
hr.nce April 2', stmr Capilano, from New West
minster. ' "~
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 13 hours from Fort
Bragg, bound south; put in to land passengers.
> Ship St Katherin*. , Saunders, 24 day« from
HilO. ¦¦'•• - ¦•'.¦.-: -V. ; •- ¦
Bark- Mohican,' Kelly, 25 days from Hono
lulu.: ¦ -
Schr Parkersburg," Ellenssen, 11 days from
Coquille ltlver. . ¦ -
• bchr' Albion, Larsen, ; 7 days from Coquille
River. - - -
; . CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 9.
.... Stmr Meteor, Robert?, for Whatcom: Globe
Navigation Company. ; • ¦ ¦ '
Sti.ir City of gydney, McLean, for Panama;
Paciiic aiall Steamship Company.
1 Ger fltmr T Hernicnthis. Knudsen; for Kara- !
burg, etc: J D Spreckels & Bros Co. ¦ ¦ "|
Bark Will W Case, Anderson, for Bristol
Bay; Ala-ska Packers' • At siclatton. ¦
-Ship Santa Clara,. Lai ben; for Karli:k and
Ladyumith; .Alaska Packets' Association.
-Bark^Coalinsra, Gtinderaor.. for Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' - Association. V ' '
¦'¦--. ' . SAILED.. . "V
Wednesday. April 0.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, for San
Diego. -
, St-rnr Eureka. Jessen, for Eureka. -
Stmr City off. Sydney,, McLean, for Panama.
m Stmr JlfiLklnaw, Storrs, for Tacoma.
Stmr .WestD^rt. Erickiion, for Crescent City.
. Stmr I'huenix. Ordland; for Alendocino.
• v Nor stmr Meteor, Itobsrts. for Whatcom. ¦.
Oci ¦ stmr Hermonthls, Knudscn. for Ham
burg and way ports. ¦ • J>
Ship Glory of the Seas, . Freeman, for
Comox. ' : ' ... '
Ship Oriental. Parker, for ¦ Pyramid Harbor.
¦ BktnRuth. Wilaon, ,fOr Tacomfe. .
; Schr Repeal, Wilson, for • Columbia River.
Schr Courtney Ford. Murchison, for Port
Hadioo!:.
Schr Monterey, Crangle, for Coos Bay.
• DISASTER. .'
• NEW TORK, April 0 — A private, Macassar
cablegram *tatt« that the ship Iroquois, Capt
Thompson^- is a total loss, with 'cargo. ¦'
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 'J. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April &— Bktn
Ska sit; "from San Pedro. . '
Arrived April v — Schr Quesn, hence April 1.
'NEW WHATCOM— Arrived Atril U— Schr
William Kenton. from Port Harford.
Sailed AdHI u, 10 a m — Stmr Rainier, for
San '• Francisco.
1 PORT TOWNSEfTD— Arrived ADril 0— Schr
Jas H Bruce. I'rom Honolulu; schr Maria- 12
Smith, hence April 2; "bark Sonoma, -from
Honolulu; schr Ethel 54ane. from Salinas
Cruz; schr Luzon, from v San Pedro; ship
Roanoke, hence March 27.'
Passed In Anril £) — Bchr Queen, hence April
l;.bark Vidette, from San Pedro: schr Marion,
he»ice ADril 2; stmr St Paul, hence April «,
for Seattle: schr Albert Meyer, hence March
30, for i Ballard. < , *•
SEATTLE — Sailed April 0— Stmr Melville
Dollar,' for Port Hadlock; stmr Queen, for San
Francisco; • stmr John . S Klmball. for San
Francisco; stmr Dolphin, for Skagway; stmr
Ellhu Thompson, for Skagway; stmr Alki, for
Skagv/ay; ship America, for Uyak Bay; ship
Guy C Hoss, - for Fairhaven.
.•".-'• , '..Wednesday,' April 0-~ .
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours. from
Fort Brag-g. •¦•., • -' . 4':''- ."
Stmr South- Coaat, Jamlcson, 79 hours from
Tillamocl:. '.'.• ' v- . -
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Ball.
Branch- Hydrographic Office.- U. S. N., Mer
¦ . chants' /.Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
April- 0, 1002. , .
.The Time Bull . on ' the ' tower of the Ferry
building . was dropped exactly at ' noon to-day,
1. e.r at noon of the -120th meridian, or at 8
p.'-m., Greenwich' mean time. ¦ — -
;/¦;•' ¦*-.•>, -' .' s. • • W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. V. fc>. N.. in charge.
fourth . Uniff. column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are. but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. -¦>, The heights given are • in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign -precedes the height,' and then the number
given -Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. :: The plane of. reference is the mean
ot the lower low waters.
THE SAX FKAXCISGO CAJDL, THURSDAY, APKIL 30, 1902.
AMERICAN SHI P IROQUOIS I S LOST IN THE SOUTH
SEAS AFTER BEING IN JEOPARDY IN SAPIS STRAITS
7
Steamer.
"or.
is.
Dlrigo....... Skagway & W*y Ports. | Apr. 12
Humboldt . .":¦. Skagway & W % ay Ports. | Apr. ; 14
liertiitt.". . . . . CooKb :inl«t ic w'ay fts.iApr. 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. Apr. 15
Cottac-j t-ity. Skaisway & Way Ports. lApr. -16
City Senttl^. ¦'. Fkairway A Way Ports. I Apr. "17
OltyofTopckt Skagway. & Way Ports. Apr. .20
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.. 20
Nome City.". . Nome direct' ..'....; .v. . Apr.f2l
Jeanle. :..:'.'. Nome direct.... ..'.:.'... Apr.. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. j Apr. 23
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
________ [ 1
Eruiirwick. Humboldt ....... :.|'9 amjPler 2S
Aigo...... . Kerndale A- Efl Kiv.l 4 pmiPler ; •£
Aicaifc CoO3 Bay & Ft Orfd|10 amiPler 13
mmi; iwuiatia Harbor ... 4 pm|Pler - _
Chs.Nelson Lob Angeles Ports.. 5 pm,*>ier _
Ci^n-i..../ Grays Harbor. 3 pmiPler —
-.Dollar.! oia>»- Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 2
_»err_ . &,_i;ey * [>**» Jcw.jlo -_. »',.r . »
, . April 11. I ' , I-
6anta/Ana. Ppaul- k Tacoma. . ;IO am Pl»r. .3
EmpUe.... Coos Bay ". |10 amIPler,13
Coiollltiifi . . \ a*!-**.* 1 ** •¦* - *^ »'»«.»••*• ¦ *»j »'• » -'««l
City Puebla Pugct Sound Ports.Ill amiPler 0-
• ..-¦-. ¦ . April 13. I. ' . I
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven| 5 pm|P!cr 16
i'oiuooi..^ nuifluolut *• .iliJo.i-^'lcr .. j
Ft. Arena...' Point Arena | Z pm : Hler:. i
Coos Uay.. Fan Pedro '& Way.i \» am'Pler 11
April 13. | 7 |
'Alllan?*... Portland &AVay.Pts|10 amiPler 1C
Spokane... San Diego & >Way.| 0 am|Pler 11
-\orin J' win. inunDclui | •? aniifior : J
Columbia.. Aeiorla ¦* Portland. '11 am' P»-r 21
• AprU- 14~*-n |- |
Kureka HumboMt 12 tn Pier 15
Arctic. .... Humboldt 10 am Pier _
o.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor ... J .|Plcr, —
April IS. . I : . ' ¦ ¦
Corcnado., Grays Harbor. .V... I 5 pmiPler. 2
S. Mr.nica.". Humbo'.dt .....:... |10 am|Pitr 2
kl. l-i. _LulU|CUina;*e Japan. ....| I pm,fMcS
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma ..I 5 pralPier S
Aj.rli 1«.V I" I --
EtateCal... San l-a*go & \\*y..\ 9 ami Pier ll
Kanta Cruz. N-»i'on «.rt'«» rtften hip f*.*r u
Queen. V. :—j Puget Sound Portsjll 4m Pier, 9
Kainlor.... Seattle'* N. What. I G pm Pier a
April 17. o
N«»-wburg.. Grays Harbor B pm Pisr 2
J.S.Kimb'll Seattle & Tacoma. '. 10 am Pier .2
April IS.
G. 5Tld!»r.'.. »"«tm.'«.j* r: ' ¦>rt"»-i<1 Uam M** *JI
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS ,
., April 10. ' ¦
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier ' T
Portland... Nome. via Seattle.'.. ..../.. Pier —
Steamer.
Destination.
Steamer. From. '¦ ] Due.
Alliance..... Portend & Way Ports. !Apr.; 10
Acapulco.... 'Panama '& Way ' Ports. Apr. l'»
Aiko.. Ftrndale & Eel River. . Apr. 10
Tcllus. ...... Oyster Harbor Apr. 10
Iaqua. ... Humboldt Apr. ' 10
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. . . . ;'. Apr." 10
Corona. .:.... Humboldt . ,-. Apr. 10
l'o'ru Aier.a. . Point Arena '-.:.;.'..*..'. Apr. <IU
North Fork.. Humboldt^.^. «•-....-.. Apr..l*
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. .... Apr. 10
Spokane.. ... Pan Diego & Way Ports Apr.,10
Brunswick . . . San Pedro ............. Apr. 10
Arctic....... Kumboldt -..'..' .....Apr. 11
Fulton.: Hueneme ....V Apr. 11
R. Dollar.... San Pedro ..Y. Apr. 11
G. Lindauer.. uruys Harbor .|Ai.r. 11
Corcnado.... Grayn Harbor ......... Apr.'ll
Czarlca Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Apr. 11
Kureka Humboldt ...'...... Apr. 1 12
Rainier...... b^altle & Whatcom .... Apr. Vi
Quetn PuK^t Sound Ports. .... Apr. VI
Folmlna ..... Xanalmo - .'..•..... Apr. 12
Oerpatch... . San Pedro .Apr. 12
San'Matco. . . Nanalmo Apr. 13
Progreso... .. Seattle ...Apr. 1J
Neko. ....... Hamburg: via West Coast Apr.. 1.1
Newburg Grays Harbor ,.Apr..l3
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma. ....; Apr. 13
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Ports Apr. la
SnntaCru/... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. Id
S-inta Monica San Pedro '. . Apr. 14
t'oiiiuna. ..-- Humboldt' Apr. 15
Alameda. Honolulu ... .. : Apr. 15
China China »t Japan ........ Apr. 15
G. W. Eider.. Portland & Astoria. :.. lApr. ,15
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Wny Ports. |Apr. 17
Urnatilla.. . . J'uget Sound Ports. i... Apr. 17
•San Juan.... Panama & AVay Ports.. Apr..l3
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Steamer.
i . rises ¦
i sets \ . . :. . . : . .... .'. . .y. . /r.. ... . .. ..'.-..
>n sets .... ."."• ."...... .'. ...... . . . .9:2A ]
Time /|Timefj-'r Time JlTlroe
FtJ Ft.. F&-I
K W r^iL;^V :r : : - ; H-W . |L:W
O:(« S.Bi'«:3S— o.l 1:36 "': "4.S
: 0:4« ¦ 7:31 -7O.2 ,2:37 '4.6-7:28
1:.12 5.3 S:2«— 0,1 .1:41 i4.5 8'2«
2:2(5 5.1 0:ni '0.0 4:50 .4.6 0:.TO
,.1:Sl 4.0 10:30 0.2 5:5ft .4.fl 11:00
4:42 4.7)11:4.1 0.4 6:5.1 ' 4.S .....
LVV HAV :.. L W . . H \V
d:17| 2.9 .0:04 ;.4.5|12:42| ; 0.8 7:45
.r»:-12
.6:40
p. ra.
F:!".'
0
Ll
.3
14:
.5
¦i
2.4
•30
¦ a.i
- 1
c
5.0
i . rises ¦
i sets \ . . :. . . : . .... .'. . .y. . /r.. ... . .. ..'.-..
>n sets .... ."."• ."...... .'. ...... . . . .9:2A ]
Time /|Timefj-'r Time JlTlroe
FtJ Ft.. F&-I
K W r^iL;^V :r : : - ; H-W . |L:W
O:(« S.Bi'«:3S— o.l 1:36 "': "4.S
: 0:4« ¦ 7:31 -7O.2 ,2:37 '4.6-7:28
1:.12 5.3 S:2«— 0,1 .1:41 i4.5 8'2«
2:2(5 5.1 0:ni '0.0 4:50 .4.6 0:.TO
,.1:Sl 4.0 10:30 0.2 5:5ft .4.fl 11:00
4:42 4.7)11:4.1 0.4 6:5.1 ' 4.S .....
LVV HAV :.. L W . . H \V
d:17| 2.9 .0:04 ;.4.5|12:42| ; 0.8 7:45
.r»:-12
.6:40
p. ra.
F:!".'
0
Ll
.3
14:
.5
¦i
2.4
•30
¦ a.i
- 1
c
5.0
Steamer.
"or.
is.
Dlrigo....... Skagway & W*y Ports. | Apr. 12
Humboldt . .":¦. Skagway & W % ay Ports. | Apr. ; 14
liertiitt.". . . . . CooKb :inl«t ic w'ay fts.iApr. 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet * Way Pts. Apr. 15
Cottac-j t-ity. Skaisway & Way Ports. lApr. -16
City Senttl^. ¦'. Fkairway A Way Ports. I Apr. "17
OltyofTopckt Skagway. & Way Ports. Apr. .20
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.. 20
Nome City.". . Nome direct' ..'....; .v. . Apr.f2l
Jeanle. :..:'.'. Nome direct.... ..'.:.'... Apr.. 24
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. j Apr. 23
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
________ [ 1
Eruiirwick. Humboldt ....... :.|'9 amjPler 2S
Aigo...... . Kerndale A- Efl Kiv.l 4 pmiPler ; •£
Aicaifc CoO3 Bay & Ft Orfd|10 amiPler 13
mmi; iwuiatia Harbor ... 4 pm|Pler - _
Chs.Nelson Lob Angeles Ports.. 5 pm,*>ier _
Ci^n-i..../ Grays Harbor. 3 pmiPler —
-.Dollar.! oia>»- Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 2
_»err_ . &,_i;ey * [>**» Jcw.jlo -_. »',.r . »
, . April 11. I ' , I-
6anta/Ana. Ppaul- k Tacoma. . ;IO am Pl»r. .3
EmpUe.... Coos Bay ". |10 amIPler,13
Coiollltiifi . . \ a*!-**.* 1 ** •¦* - *^ »'»«.»••*• ¦ *»j »'• » -'««l
City Puebla Pugct Sound Ports.Ill amiPler 0-
• ..-¦-. ¦ . April 13. I. ' . I
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven| 5 pm|P!cr 16
i'oiuooi..^ nuifluolut *• .iliJo.i-^'lcr .. j
Ft. Arena...' Point Arena | Z pm : Hler:. i
Coos Uay.. Fan Pedro '& Way.i \» am'Pler 11
April 13. | 7 |
'Alllan?*... Portland &AVay.Pts|10 amiPler 1C
Spokane... San Diego & >Way.| 0 am|Pler 11
-\orin J' win. inunDclui | •? aniifior : J
Columbia.. Aeiorla ¦* Portland. '11 am' P»-r 21
• AprU- 14~*-n |- |
Kureka HumboMt 12 tn Pier 15
Arctic. .... Humboldt 10 am Pier _
o.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor ... J .|Plcr, —
April IS. . I : . ' ¦ ¦
Corcnado., Grays Harbor. .V... I 5 pmiPler. 2
S. Mr.nica.". Humbo'.dt .....:... |10 am|Pitr 2
kl. l-i. _LulU|CUina;*e Japan. ....| I pm,fMcS
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma ..I 5 pralPier S
Aj.rli 1«.V I" I --
EtateCal... San l-a*go & \\*y..\ 9 ami Pier ll
Kanta Cruz. N-»i'on «.rt'«» rtften hip f*.*r u
Queen. V. :—j Puget Sound Portsjll 4m Pier, 9
Kainlor.... Seattle'* N. What. I G pm Pier a
April 17. o
N«»-wburg.. Grays Harbor B pm Pisr 2
J.S.Kimb'll Seattle & Tacoma. '. 10 am Pier .2
April IS.
G. 5Tld!»r.'.. »"«tm.'«.j* r: ' ¦>rt"»-i<1 Uam M** *JI
Acapulco... Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS ,
., April 10. ' ¦
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier ' T
Portland... Nome. via Seattle.'.. ..../.. Pier —
Steamer.
Destination.
Steamer. From. '¦ ] Due.
Alliance..... Portend & Way Ports. !Apr.; 10
Acapulco.... 'Panama '& Way ' Ports. Apr. l'»
Aiko.. Ftrndale & Eel River. . Apr. 10
Tcllus. ...... Oyster Harbor Apr. 10
Iaqua. ... Humboldt Apr. ' 10
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma. . . . ;'. Apr." 10
Corona. .:.... Humboldt . ,-. Apr. 10
l'o'ru Aier.a. . Point Arena '-.:.;.'..*..'. Apr. <IU
North Fork.. Humboldt^.^. «•-....-.. Apr..l*
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria. .... Apr. 10
Spokane.. ... Pan Diego & Way Ports Apr.,10
Brunswick . . . San Pedro ............. Apr. 10
Arctic....... Kumboldt -..'..' .....Apr. 11
Fulton.: Hueneme ....V Apr. 11
R. Dollar.... San Pedro ..Y. Apr. 11
G. Lindauer.. uruys Harbor .|Ai.r. 11
Corcnado.... Grayn Harbor ......... Apr.'ll
Czarlca Seattle & Tacoma. ..... Apr. 11
Kureka Humboldt ...'...... Apr. 1 12
Rainier...... b^altle & Whatcom .... Apr. Vi
Quetn PuK^t Sound Ports. .... Apr. VI
Folmlna ..... Xanalmo - .'..•..... Apr. 12
Oerpatch... . San Pedro .Apr. 12
San'Matco. . . Nanalmo Apr. 13
Progreso... .. Seattle ...Apr. 1J
Neko. ....... Hamburg: via West Coast Apr.. 1.1
Newburg Grays Harbor ,.Apr..l3
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma. ....; Apr. 13
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Ports Apr. la
SnntaCru/... Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. Id
S-inta Monica San Pedro '. . Apr. 14
t'oiiiuna. ..-- Humboldt' Apr. 15
Alameda. Honolulu ... .. : Apr. 15
China China »t Japan ........ Apr. 15
G. W. Eider.. Portland & Astoria. :.. lApr. ,15
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Wny Ports. |Apr. 17
Urnatilla.. . . J'uget Sound Ports. i... Apr. 17
•San Juan.... Panama & AVay Ports.. Apr..l3
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Steamer.
flVM HAT R K^A >
Iklseco & ThalL Manaeers. *
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND " SUNDAY.
EXTRAORDINARY DOUBLE SILL!
David Belasco"s Famous Japanese Tr&redy
MADAME BUTTERFLY
Preceded by A.ncastia X>aly*s Superb Comedy)
THE GREAT UNKNOWN:
Eecwe Your Scats Is Advance.
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 25c. 50c and T5c
Next "Week— rWHY SMTH LEFT : HOME."**"
LOOK AT O-HE 'NAMES!
Slarie "Wftinwright. and Company;
The Clipper Quartet, and James EL.
Cullem Last times of Homer Lind
and Company; Fred Stuber; Pa-
pinta; Gorman and Er ppler. and j
Mr. and Mis. Drew, in "The Tel- j
lo-w Dragon." ¦
Reamed Seats, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Opera, j
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c
PACKED AGAXJf LAST NIGHT
Continued Success of Our $1CCO Star,
MELBOURNE -MACDOWELL.
Surpcrted by FLORENCE STONT!^
In Sardou'a Most Powerful Play.
"Q1SMONDA."
Matinees Satsxiay and Sunday.
POPULAB PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 7cc
Good OrcAestra. Scats AH Matinees 25c
NEXT WEEK "FEDORA"
Evenises at S Sharp. Matinee Saturday at 2
Creating a Tremendous Fnrore !
ALICE NEILEEN'S SPLENDID OPERA.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
NEVER BEFORE HERE AT
POPLTJLB PRICES .23c. 50c and 75c
Telephone ¦*"• " v :l
f ;-*.-' Powell Etreot. near Market.
Up to and Inciudlng Saturday Night-. K
MATDCEE SATURDAY.
A Xcw n«y by Louis N. Parker. Entitled.
"THL CARDINAL"
NEXT MONDAY MR. E. S. TTILLAKD
¦will crwent Tcr-the first time here, "
"THE LOVE^TORY^
Alan Dale East!,- "It is a s^rm." - "
Ft i. K. Btrrle. «ctber cf *The « itU» Kiaiitw."
Ecats Read>= S2. $1.50, $1. 75c, 50c and 25c
-ON THE TOP WAVE OP POPULARITY."
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Cj SPECIAL MATINEE P] MAT.
I— TO-DAY— 2:15. U-, SAT.
]— | POPL-LAR PRICES. — AT 2.
Hurtle and Seaman Present
Williams & Walker
And Their Own Company in the Musical Hit,
SONS OF HAM.
NEXT MONDAY— April 2L
MR. JAMES NEILL and THE NEDLL CO.
RegTilar subscribers' seats ready To-Day, 9
a. m. Single seat sale begins Thursday, April
17. H a. m .. .¦ ¦ • :
RELA&CQA'nTeUlLCSjfetf^
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A Sensational Melodrama of Wonderful
Eomance and ThrlUins Incident. THE
LAND OF
THE LIVING.
Comedy. Pathos and Heart Interest. ¦
pBTrCC Evenings 10c to 50c
I lilWEO Matinees 10c. 13c, 25e
N>xt Weeh— "DANGERS OF A GREAT CITY"
| FISCHER'S theater]
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell Streets.
Telephone Main 231.
IN THREE NIGHTS WE TURNED AWAY
A 1000 AT EVERY PERFOUMANCE.
A 3000 AT EVERY PERFORMANCE.
A 1000 AT EVERY PERFORMANCE.
"FIDDLE 1)EE DEE"
Has C?ptored Everything In the City.
YOU Ji;PT CAN'T AFFORD TO MIPS. IT.
Matinees Saturday and Sunfiay.
NIGHT PRICES 2&c and 50c
Matln^M! l'5c. and Children 10c
Come, ece Kolb, Din, Bernard, Amber, Blake,
Hermsen end the most accomplished chorus
ev*r. Great Specialties ct each performance
ME BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER
THE GREAT PIANIST.
4-RECITALS-4
METROPOLITAN HALL, -
NEXT TUESDAY and THURSDAY NIGHTS.
- AFTERNOONS OF
WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY. April 16 & 19.
RESERVED SEATS— 75c," $1. fl.60. $2.
BALE OPENS THIS MORNING, 0 O'CLOCK,
Sherman, Clay &. Co.'e MueIc Store, Where
Complete Programmes May Be Had."
gTElXWAYTIANOUEED. .
PAI 4rF HfiTFI END 0F
rALAWC UUl EL. MAIN CORRIDOR.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
From 10 a. m. to Midnight. Dally. .
First TSm« In America of th« Great Manila
War Painting* by SANTOS GONZALES,
tl:e Eminent Philippine Artist.
•THE SURRENDER OF MANILA"
AND
"SALUTING THE WOUXDED."
l'ronounced Masterpiece* by Connoisseurs.
ADMISSION. 50c. CHILDREN. 25c.
Weekly Cail t $i.p0 per Yea?
To Assimilate Food
see that "your stomacH ; and
liver are in proper condition.'
To. do it easily and pleasant-
ly take
Beeehams
Piife
Sold Eyerywhcre.' In boxes iOc. and 25c
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
STEBILIZED BARBEK SHOP.
A Famous Shop in the Carrollton Ho-
tel, Baltimore, Maryland.
The barber shop In the Carrollton
Hotel, Baltimore, sterilizes everything
It uses Jn the rhop. The 1 sterilizing is
done by heat. The ; towels, the razors,
the strops, the soap, the combs and
brushes are all sterilized before bein;j
used on a customer. Where there is no
sterilization, have the barber use New-
bro's Herpicide. It kills the . dandruff
germ, and it Is an antiseptic for the scalp,
and for the face after shaving. All lead-
ing barbers everywhere appreciate these
potent .facts about Herpicide, and they
use it. "Destroy the cause, you remove
the effect-"
M*||or»p Desirable location.
'¦ * llltlvw unsurpassed 'cuisine.
j unequaled ser-
j vice an( * modern
j ililvL conveniences are the
~ attributes that have
Iff*51f1il made these two ho-
\llatlU tcls popular, with
wj, ¦ - tourists and travel-
HOifAlC «rs who visit San
ilUlvld Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
"^gS^""*--^^^* Every Week Day—
l « r . Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU3
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. eharp. ,
Ferry-boat leaves Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:80. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train - reserved ' for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue'
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also ail trains via Alaraeda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes, j
Returning — Trains leave the track. at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately. after the last
race.- -¦••¦• .- ¦
THOMAS H. TVILLIAMS JR., President
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr. ;
BASEBALL,
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.:
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY,
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
SACRAMENTO isHAi FfiANClSCO.
RECREATION PARK.
1 . . Elchth and Harrison sts.
..Advance Sale of Seats, " r 5 Stockton st.
fflGHLANB SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the - cur* of
LIVER. KIDNEY. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM,
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMINO TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Ridins and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES."
One person in room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persona in room. "small hotel".* is perwe«lc
One person in room, "cottages". ..$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages". .$20 per w«eic
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
$13 and $14 per wselc
Two persona In rocxn, "MAIN HOTEL"....
120 and $22 'per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
Call on Hotel Gazette Office. 26 Montgomery
st.; call onThe Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery
st., or The Bulletin Bureau. 10 Montgomery st..
6an Francisco, Cal.. or write direct to* C.RAIO
& WARNER. Mgrs.. Highland Springs' Cal.
r\is k firm H0T springs, sonoma
RK MHHS COUNTY; only \y> hours
U/l/Juyy from San Francisco and
but 9 miles' staging ; ,
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath in State; boating
and swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mall,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL" AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only ,
$3 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 n. m. only. Rates 12
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1&0X
unprecedented. Information at San 'Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bids. Also at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St.. or of J. F. HL'U
GREW. Skaggs. Cal. <
lytton; springs.
Sonoma County. Always open. . Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
cemfort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7:30
a m., 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEX-
SLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2071, Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 10 Montgomery at., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal.- „
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all reflited. Quietude, com-
fort.' pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating: fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. . Address
C. F. CARH. Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans MUK -Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
' A charming resort In the Santa Crux Mts :
2 hours from San Francisco; dellzhtful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed: besc mineral water on the co&st; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY, Manager.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new ' management. Now open for
business. Rates. $S to $15 per week.
~ FOREST HOTEL,
A-T.TVTA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Prop.
VICHY SPBING3— 3 mites from UkUh.
V MenJocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths.' Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs ' fo
tubs Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations r tabla first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
KINO'S RANCH — Six' miles- from Cazadero.
Elevation ¦ 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting. flahlrK. Terms. $10 a -week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL, Guernevlllj.
Cal. — New management:- thoroughly ; re-
' fitted and improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fi3herg. Add. F. PI-ATH, Guernevllie, Cal.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lcren«o Stable*. «Hjrl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices.
Bartfett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant.. .After a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how It was possible to feel so well,
strong and. vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, -walk over mountain paths,
amuse yourselves !n hundreds of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for, booklet. , -
. ¦ Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter st.,~ S. F. Lake Co.. Cal.
Q ' .- — Q
SANTA CAT.4LINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son- three months on Oatalina Island of
our Famous Marino Band. twenty-Aye
members, ten soloists; most "Dhenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating:.
Bathing; Wild Goat Shcotine: -Delight-
ful Coast Excursions: Fleets or Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camo -Life: Com-
D!ete Camp Equipment: Hotels and Cot-
tages: Hotel Metropole. modern conven-
iences; electric lights; Golf; Tennis. Bowl-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
seles, 1 or E. C. PECK. Tourist Information
Bureau. 10 Montgomery street. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. v , ¦ >: '•.
A DIP IH THE OCEAN
'-' 'And a "plunge In the AETNA
5 SPRINGS SWIMMING TAXK 1a like
coniparins a Salt Bath with a' Cham-
pagne Bath. -All sorts of diversions
:•* and nice things to eat". Apply
EDWARD L. SANKORD. Manager. /
Aetna Springs. Nana Co. ¦, '_
For That Tired Feeling—
A THOUGHT. and AETNA
SPRINGS ' a a delightful distance
' from San Francisco. The management
is alive to your every comfort. Table .
unsurpassed, supplies from our own
ranch. Fur particulars apply.
EDWARD L. SANFOUD. Manager.
Aetna Sprinss, Nar>a Co. • - •'
O AMP izURifY!
2oo Ruests m ; .lsia
410 tfuests in .....:...........:. .1000
715 suests >n........: ..1901
1000 estimated for .... . .'. ................ .1902
; ¦ Opens about May 1st.
Office at 10 Montgomery st.. with Peck's
Tree Information Bureau.
YOSBMITE.
W ILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
- Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co., Cal., 28 mi'.es by
stage west^of Williams; fare. $3. Hottest,
strongest water on 'the coast;, temperature Hi
degr. - Cures • rheumatism," dropsy, ¦ salt ' rheum,
skin ' diseases,' neuralgia, ¦ liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis; mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. ; Natural mud baths. : New 2-alory
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging:,
' Including baths. (10 a week. WM. OELGEAKT,
Proprietor. ¦ ¦¦-..-..'.
EL- BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Ruj-
•lan Klver Valley.', Excellent hunting, fishing
and - boatlnr; fine scenery; pure sprinj? wat«r
! newly renovated; ; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
H0UN, " PrODrietor. Duncans Mills., Cal.
; ANNAB AtE FARM. . s anta cruz
¦ MOUNTAINS,: cottages and rooms to. let, fur-
1 nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
[ J. SEEGELKEN, Los Gatos Postotfice. CaU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' Cu^VRIOHT 1»30 91 THS rtiCCTCM A OAM0L« CO. CINCINNATI
THE PROBLEM.
—-^^OROTHY in the nursery can calculate the
| !#% price of Ivory Soap per cake, but it would
I g|§p take a mathematical genius to calculate its
SgML Jtrue value. For he must take account of
time, labor, and materials. He must deduct from the
apparent cost the saving in the longer life of the cake,
in the longer life of the, washed fabric, in the labor
required, in the time consumed, in the strength ex- |
pended, in the results obtained. When all is finished,
. Ivory is the cheapest soap in the world. It floats.
¦ ADVrilTISZMENTS.
I Quintessence I
x : ¦ • "• ' ¦ ' ; ' H
x ¦' • - O
a' **
Drawn from Age. Purity, Flavor and §
O concentrated in one is the §
S < Unapproachable Quality of ' '¦_ §
'V- >' .''lCri\ f.. ; ¦ '_:¦';¦ '•¦' " ¦ .- V v .'. ~'»' v
Q - i If jEnT ' «T W ¦' j .S
g' i [JUS |— 1| 4 fl «^ 4r /-v *m ft
V a ¦¦¦¦In F^ B X
,;*-. . iriMDEMM * lUllUvl 9
I '.SIM; Baltimore |
°^^W?m^^ women becau3« 5 \
O °^ ' ts *^ e an<^ cx ~ S i
, jj S3&285C»lifornl*St,Sanl?r»nci8Co.CalU. X.
S . Telephone Main 871. g^
CQRE! COKE!
Cheapj Clean Fuel -for GrateSivFur-
naces and__Cookifig.
." Thera Is no fuel, that .win. compare with coke.
Delivered --In any- quantity."-: Country orders
solicited- P. A. , McDONALD. : 813 Folsom »t.NEW YORK. April 9. — There was a notable
speculative movement in th» stock market to
day, which was universally attributed to the
operations of an important v combination of
wealthy Western men, who were Important fac
tor* In the constituent companies going to
make ep the United States Steel Corporation
before it wa« organized. In the ordinary ac
ceptance of the term there was no news to ex
plain the movement of stocks or the enormous
buying which caused it. but the fact was pat
ent that the buyer* were possessed of practi
cally unlimited resources to transact business
en each a ecale and also that the faith In them
was «o strong that they were getting their
money's worth. While there was no .actual
news . accompanying the movement there waa
an abundance of rumors, which centered mgjstly
about Louisville and Nashville, which was
again the leader of the market in point of ac
lty and sustained etrengtb. The rumors
reached the etage of an alleged formation of a
community of Interest project for the whole
Southern field, which would supposedly take in
the Southern Hallway, Illinois Central and pos
elbly minor competing systems. Ther- were
minor explanations growing out of the • an
nounced policy on the part of the Louisville and
Nashville to extend into uew territory which
involved the absorption of connecting lines en
tering Chicago. None of these rumors coull
obtain any official countenance. There ; wai
eome credence for a sugethtion that the mar
keting of the new ctock just announced had In
volved the creation of a large snort interest in
the market, for: the- relief of wnlch new ntoclc
will not be available cs a delivery until the
formalities cf listing on the Stock Exchance
tie ve been complied with. This explanation
would net apply to the notable broadening of
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, April 9.— Speculation in wheat
was better than for some days past. ' ' ' Condi- ¦
tlor.s favored the bulls from ihe; start:. Cables
•were higher; receipts were .' very small-^only
six cars here, 2 cars at St. Louis and one car
ats Duluth— and clearances were nearly double
all , receipts. There was ¦ a decided sentiment
That the market was on'the up-turn and good
buying set'ln— some from; the- .country.' .Cov
ering augmented the advance And advices from
the Southwest that the : cold '.weather ' was • not
helping .wheat growth set ¦ many ; to ¦' > buying ¦
There were continued reports • of . decreasing
ptocks ¦ and Bradstreet's showed ¦¦ the . world's
visible supply decreased by -2,300,000 bushels
v.htrc It was Increased 422,000 bushels < last
year. . Weather over, the i wheat States Is 'cold'
and dry where the warm and rain season is due
to. help make good the previous damage to the
winter crop. At times there was. profit-taking
tha' brought reactions, but voluminous . buying
ordtrs . from ¦ the Southwest. "Where" it 'seems
crop conditions are :. becoming worse, -¦¦ brought
good rallies. . Traders argued that the specula
tive demand for futures from that section gave
confirmation to t the damage reports." % ; In spite
of . the better tone.' however, .exports bids were
out of line and the cash business was not very
good. : May opened #@Mc to '¦ie^chigherat
~l%c to. 72c. sold to 72Vic.*< eased, to v.Tfrtii
71-14C, and th&n epurted to 72Vfc. plosing flrm
%c up at,72V*@~'2%c. ' Local receipts were % slx'
c-arc;noMo. oficnntract grade: Minneapolis t an J
Duluth .reported, 75' cars.- malting/a totalifor
the three points of. only 81 cars, ¦against- .'127
; last ' week - and 212 >: year 'ago. -. Primary re
ceipts, v.-ere 2^4,000; bushels; compared ; to , 489 -
000bushel3 last year. Seaboird '.clearances t'n
wheat and flour equaled 4:>3,000 bushels against
20!), 000 bushels last year. ; :¦ - -..,:-¦ ".;.;••'.
,- Corn ' started out : with . a , good r show -of ':. the
Btrt-ngth that put -v prices -up yesterday. -•* Re
ceipts very small ' and • reports f rom *.• the
Southwest f started > good - buying. - • Kansas 1 Olty
ar.<:-St. Louis did. good buying and their mar-
Sterling Exchange, CO days.'...'. — " -.:.- ft 86)4
BterllnK Cables,, sight..... — ¦ 4 88%
Sterling Cables : — 4 89%
New York 'Exchange,' sight: ... — ¦ : 12 7(1
New York Exchange, telegraphic — _. 1& -
Silver, per. ounce — 5.'t Ts
Mexican ' Dollars, ¦ nominal .....'. — . 45 ji
[W.hcat and Other Grains.,
¦•WHEAT— The foreign markets were firm and
closed 'several points higher. . ,
:; Chicago , was firm, and advanced T : about lc'
,The market was nervous and trade was largely
"prof esslonal,"'. as the j uncertainty regarding the
real crop 'situation pending the j issuance' of •: the
Government report deterred speculation. I There
-was a'good cash demand, however, ; with light
receipts, : and ' St I Louis ' was a ': fair . buyer.' ¦' The
Dally ' Trade Bulletin -. gave the:, world's '.stock
of .Wheat and Flour April 1 at 13,690,000 bush
els • leES ' than on 1 the - same : date ¦ last : ! year.
Stocks at : Minneapolis 'were expected' to de
crease > 900,000 ' bushels | for the: week.' ¦ The ' ad
vance <¦ In the foreign ; markets ; did not } create
any . Increase In • business. * The Northwest and
Southwest became • heavy. ; buyers -on' unfavor
able crcpi reports. r - •;:.:•;-. - ' .: '
- Y.The condition of,, the winter wheat crop is
now ; the ; controlling factor," and aa ¦ usual . there
are s many conflicting ; opinions, ;;The:, Yost 5 Mill
ing Company < of , Kansas . report .the ; State ' get
ting very dry, with . the farmers beginning , to
complain, bitterly. :, Another private 'inspection
gives I Kansas a condition . of . 65 ' and I Oklahoma
t>0, :.wlth the -rains '..The Peavey
Grain. Company,' onthe contrary, says that with
the \present .; acreage ; and'. 1 favorable . conditions
. Kansas; will produce ¦} as ; much >wheat ¦' as last
year. ,'whlcl% was a" record-breaker. .Southern
Nebraska, confirms previous da,mage reports and
• wlll t plow*up 25 per cent of i the! present seeded
area. ; The 'Michigan ¦; State i report ' gives u con
i ditiomof 85,- against 172 last year. .¦ :
1 t This ,; market :< was •; aga In "a v fraction - J off ¦'¦ in-
I shipping 5 grades,'-. but. ellghtlyt firmer on call. '
¦•• Spot <¦• .Wheat— Shipping,". Jl 08%; mlllink
$1 100112% : per: ctl.. '. >..,;,
; ' ¦ ¦¦;'.: CALL':BOARD SALES. ', .,
J ' Informal ' Session^-9 -.15 ¦ o'clock^— December—
4000 . ctls, ¦ $1 06%. '. - ¦ ¦ : .
; Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, SI' oe^*- 1
. 2000;- $1' 06%'." •; :.;¦¦¦ -. •¦••-.: :;•:.-: ¦¦ . •
Regular Morning " Session— May— 2000 ctls,'
Exchange, and Bullion.
New York Cotton market.
NEW YORK, April 9. — Cotton closed 1 firm
and 5 to 14 points higher. ¦ " . - j -.-
-Board — \ •
100 Cala-Standard 17
100 Junction • IS
¦ 50 San Joaquln Oil & Dev..... 6 25
2800 Sovereign ....; 29
600 Sterling 1 47*4
50) Sterling 145'
600 Sterling (b 90) 150
500 Sterling (b 30) 1 47% •
Afternoon Session.
Board — ', »* :
400 Apollo '. .- 20
200 Home (b 30) 365
100 Sovereign ........... 2!>
500 Sterling, ;. 1 47%
100 Sterling 150
MINING STOCKS. - .
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1 100 Mexican 4-V f ICO Sierra Nevada 23
200 Potosl ....... 16/
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch 25 200 Potosi ....'... 1«
100 Caledonia ... 4S 150 Savage 02
400 Overman .... 20 f<
' Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: .. ¦ ......
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ..... 10 300 Mexican .....' 44
500 Chollar ...... 11 200 Overman 09
100 Con C & V.I 32% 130O Potost 10
200 Justice ...:.. 09 100 Sierra Nevada. 23
'Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch 251 800 Potost .. 15
100 Best & Belch 26| 30O Potosi *. ' 19
200 Caledonia ... 40 150 Sierra Nevada 23
200 Ophir ... 94|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 0—1 p. m.
Bld-Ask.| Eld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice ; 00 10
Alta ....... 03 05jKentuck ..... — ci
Andes ... 04 00 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher"... I. •*> ¦ ll Mexican ..... 43 41
Best & Belch 24 25 Occldeptal ... OS 09
Bullion r. :. - . 02 03 ! Ophlr ... .-. . .- 93 fu
Caledonia 4« 51 i Overman . ; . . 20 21
Challenge Con 19 JljPotosi 15 17
Chollar '11 12 'Savage ....... 02 «:
! Confidence .. C3 C'», Scorpion .... _ o t
Con C&Va.l 30 1. ".5 Seg Belcher.. 01 02
! Con Imperial. — . 01 Sierra Nevada 23 24
ron NY ::. 01 02-Silver Hill.. 50 52
f C?own Point. 03 09 St. Louis ...... 06 —
Eureka Con. . IS ' — • Syndicate . ... 06 —
Exchequer -.7- SJ Union Con . . 23 25
Gould & Cur 08 to Utah .04 Ort
Hale & Norcs 22 "23 Yallow Jacket 12 - 13
[ Julia — 04|..
i Contra Costa Water Company has declared
( dividend 190 of 42 cents a share. \ /
I . ¦ m . --
Saracco Is Arraigned.
.Jerome M. Saracco was"' instructed and
I arraigned' in Judfje 'Cabaniss' . court yes
terday .on the charge of criminal. assault,
and ..the case was continued till ' to-raor
row.'*'lhe 1 complaining witnesses Matfge
Graham, his stepdaughter., and frtena of
the murdered girl, Nora Fuilcr.The com
plainant and her mother were in court.
!- It ' Is though^ that the case will not be
I prosecuted.
1 ". ¦ , •'¦'-. ¦*¦''¦' : ~ ,. * '
Game Law Violator Is Caught.
' Deputy 'Fish Commissioner A. F. Lee
'• arrested " William Osbcrn at Highland
! Springs, Lake Ccnanty. yesterday for aell
| ing trout less than one-half pound in
! -weight. ,, Osborn was fined $3} for the of-
I fenae , by Justice Gunn of - Kelseyville.
Temperature at 7 a, m.. 46 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND. GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure hae risen along the coast north
of Cape Mendodno and has fallen south of that
point.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
ern half of the Pacific slope, and conditions
ere fa%-ora.ble for fair, warmer weather Thurs
day over the greater portion of the coast
Throughout California the temperatures are
about normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April. 10:
Northern California— Fair Thursday, warm
er; light northerly winds In the interior: fresh
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Fair Thursday, warm
er: light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Thursday, •warmer- light
northerly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
light northerly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Fo reign , Ma rkets.
LONDON, April- 9.^-Consols, ; . 94%; silver,
24%d; French rentes," lOOf 90c; cargoes on pas
sage, steadier: > cargoes' Noi.l 'standard Califor
nia, 29s Cd; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 3d; Eng
l'sh country markets, some higher, some lower.
. LIVERPOOL, April 9. — Wheat, firm: No. i
standard California, .'6s l%d@6s 2d;' wheat' In
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
fair and cloudy. % ..* . . , '
: COTTON— Uplands. 5d. ¦', '¦ ¦ ; ,
Receipts of Butter ' continue heavy and the :
market Is still weak. - The local demand can
not absorb all; the current receipts, but dealers
say that they ; cannot afford to begin ¦ packing
until the price gets down to ! 18c. •
Supplies of Cheese are still large and the
market' remains ¦ easy, y . ¦--.-' ; .'. - .
- The .situation in ..Eggs remains precisely as
before • quoted. ¦ Stocks are large and the con
. tlnuous storing • Is the only < thing that main
tains quotations. ¦ !: : r >
-.Receipts were 61,200 pounds 7 tubs of But
ter, 19G1 cases of Eggs, 31,300 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese .and' pounds of Eastern
Cheese.' '.; < -. : -.-'. -. , i .. ¦ i,
: BUTTER — Creamery, • 20c ; per pound lor
fancy,: 19c for firsts. and for seconds;
dairy, l(i@19c; store Butter, . 15@16c per pound.
. CHEESE— New. 9@l0e; old, . 9@llc; • Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, -13(81 5c -per pound.
EGGS— Ranch.' :14@15c: store, 12%@13%c
per 'dozen.; 'v'->* v ;'* t-,\ ¦ ~ ¦, ¦ :.-.¦¦:' i ' -.'
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦- The first i. Malinda - Strawberries of the sea
son were received . from Watsonvllle yesterday. ¦
Two ' chests • came.' in and ' they i were '- sold at
00(iJ7Cc : per I drawer. ' Longworths sold at 75cjj
$1 : 25 per drawer, .two and a half drawers be
ing received.: - - '¦: . > . -,
In the Citrus market choice and fancy grades
of Navel Oranges ; continued ? in "demand and
were | quoted ' firm >> at ' previous ( prices. ::, At the
-Orange auction all' grades sold easily . at high
prices. -Four -cars were sold as follows: Fancy
Navels, $1 00©3; choice do, $1 40(3!2 93; stand
ard do, ••$1; 05@2 35. ¦ Supplies of Lemons were
plentiful, and* the movement ! was rather slow,
although; prices were 'unchanged. At the auc
tion fancy stock; was sold at ?1 90@2 10." .
?' Stocks of -.Bananas are ; steadily decreasing
and this ' fruit is firm. --.> .
' APPLES— $2«32 25 per box. for extras,. $1 25
@lj75.fcr good -, to , choice and 60c@$l for or
dinary. '¦¦'¦ >': -.-''-' ' : ',' -¦¦•¦¦--" V '¦'¦' '¦'¦'-¦ ' ' " '
.CITRUS' FRUITS — Navel: Oranges,'. $1@1 75
for ¦ ctandard, - %'1<S"1 60 for choice and $2 , 50@l!
for fancy; -extra (fancy, $325; Seedlinss/ %\(®
U 75;' Mediterranean Sweets, $1,75(52; : Malta
Blood Oranges, <2®2 60;- Tangerines, In quarter
' boxes, V.75c®$l" and 1 91 26(Bil ¦ 50 ' In ¦ half - boxes: ¦
Lemons,' 75c@$l; for.' common and; $1;25@1 15
for-" good to - choice:- and ,$2@2 ( 75 -for fancy;:
Grape Fruit,' $1 @3, S including seedless ; 1 Mexican ¦
Limes.' $404 ; 60; ' Bananas, ' $203 . per .¦:. bunch
for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian; Pine
apples, $3@4: per. -dozen. , ¦•-¦:.
Dried Fruits, :Nuts and Raisinsl
¦ . FRUITS— Apricots, 0@llc for -. Royals . and
10@13c ,":for .'* standard : ,to" fancy .Moorparka;
iKvaporated ¦-' Apples, '-^©Oc; 'sun»- dried,' '5c;
, Peaches, '0% ©8 14c: Fears." C@Oc; Plums, pitted,
5@6c; : unpitted,;l%@2%c;. Nectarines, 7 5%@bc
tor. red- and ; 5%ff|,6c -for' white;.; figs, -4V'-c for
black and^5%fJPc for '.white'.; *; ¦ '• '.»¦ ¦:'
, ••¦ PRUNES— 11)01 ¦? crop are quoted ' as follows :
.'iO-40'B. i (SVi'Bfi'fte; '40-50' s, ; 5©5V4c; i 50-CO's. 14%
(34'Jic;-»60-70's, -4«3>4%c; 70-80' s,i3%@a%c; 80
00'b.'3@3V4c;-90-100 > s. 2%@25ic per.lb.,., »
|..?'RAISINS— Seeded.; 3-crown,. 8c; 2-crown/ 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 's 6%c:.for 4-crown and
5 ] 4c - for, seedless ; • 3-crown. -» 6c : t- 2-crown.' : 5-Ti c r
Seedless Sultanas,? 5%c . f or.s unbleached j and 7Q
8%c.for bleached. ;, Clusters- : - ; -Imperlals, $3; De
hesa.". $2 50; ;, Fancy, $1' 50; ,-. London Layers,
$1 IT.ffil 33. - . UjH'JtinwftB ilHiUtj
¦ NUTS— Walnuts. - No. 1 softsheir,'ll%c; No.
Butter,. Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, April 9. — London ; cables re
ported that the market for tin 'was about un
changed, spot closing at £125 5s, and futures
at £124. But the local market declined about
CO points, under selling pressure,- spot closing
at $27 50027 CO. .
COPPER — Was steady here and generally un
changed. Lake and -spot- closed at 12@12%c,
electrolytic at and casting at 12c.
London was 7s (3d higher, with spot at £53 5s
and futures at £53 7s 8d. , ¦¦
LEAD — Was steady but unchanged all
around. The local price was-t4%c. -London
closed at £11 Ss 9d.
SPELTER— Was unchanged -with SDOt at
$4 45 and London at £17 10s 3d.
IRON-VTbe local Iron market was steady at
old prices.* Piglron warrants were nominal. No
1 foundry. Northern, $19@20; No. . 2 foundry.
Northern, $18@19; No. 1 foundry, ¦ Southern
$17 50@18; No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft. $17 50
(S18. - - > : - - - -
The English markets were firm. Glasgow
closed at 53s 3d and Mlddlesboro at 47s 3d. ¦ : . '
New York Metal Market:
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA^ .April 9.— WHEAT — Quiet and un
changed; bluestem, 64c; club,. C3c. ...
PORTLAND, April 9. — WHEAT— Steady at
C4@65c for Walla Walla; .valley, 65c: j blue
stem.' C6c. . : ' ¦ -.-'' .-';- . -," .-¦;';
Cleared — British bark Torrlsdale. with 132,
472 bushels of wheat, French bark Ernest Le
Gouve, with , 110,824 j , bushels of wheat, both
for Queenstown; j Austrian steamship Maria,
for Vladivostok, with 38,000 barrels of flour.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
One car of Eastern Poultry was put on 'the
market yesterday, making the second ; for the
week. Receipts of Calif ornian were moderate
and all kinds were quoted firm at previous
prices with the I exception of Small Broilers
and Squabs, which were not wanted. Squabs
were quoted lower. , '': .... » ¦ ;
There; were .no changes in Game. 18 sks
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14®15c for Gob
blers and 16S17c . for I Hens ; . Geese, per pair,
SI G0@l 75;. Goslings, $2 2o@2 50; Ducks, $5®
$6 for fid. and $7@8 for young; Hene, $4 50®
0- young Roosters, $6 50®7 50; old Roosters,
*l OOfij 5 -.Fryers, $5 1 50@6; Broilers, $5@5 30
for large and $2 5O@3 60 ! for small; Pigeons,
$1 50@l 75,per dozen for old and $2@2 25 for
St GAllE— Hare, $1: Rabbits, $1 25 for Cotton
tails and" $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese, 75c«f $1 25 ; . Brant, $1 2u@2 - per dozen ;
Honkers. $3@4; English Snipe,,$;{; Jack Snipe,
$1 50. : . ; "
Poultry and Game.
SEATTLE. April 9. — Clearings, $441,746; bal
ances, $(39,270. .„ :. •
TACOMA; April 9.— Clearings. $185,192; bal
ances, $43,582. . ,:..-¦. 1 .
• PORTL'AND, -Aprils. — Clearings, $479,992;
balances, $C0, 651.
SPOKANE, April 9.— Clearings, $296,296;
balances, $33,092. ' : ' .
Northern Business.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW YORK, April 9.— FLOUR— Receipts;
14,081 barrels: exports, 10,538 barrels; more
active and firmer in tone. . • ;
WHEAT — Receipts, : 17,750 bushels; exports,
108,423 -bushels.' Spot was firm.. No. 2 red,
84%c elevator; No. 2 red, 80c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, t>2%c I. a. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 84%c f. o. b. afloat. It
was a bull day In wheat, except for a brief
midday reaction under profit-taking sales.,
The southweat proved a heavy buyer for short
account, Northwest receipts were small, cables
steadier, croD news less favorable and offer-
Ings light as a rule. The market closed firm
at %©lc net advance. May, 77 13-16@78%c,
closed 78%c; July. 77%@78%c, closed 78%c;
September. 77 ll-16@78c, closed 77% c; Decem
ber, 7s%®7U%c, closed 79%c.
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE — t-pot Rio dull. No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet: Cordova. 8%@12c. The fu
tures market closed net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Total sales, 29,000 bags, including:
May, 5.25c: July, 5.45c; September, 5.05c;-
November, 5.80c; December. 5. 85@5. 90c.
SUGAR — Raw, weak; fair refining, 2 15-16c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3 ll-10c; molasses sugar,
2 11-lBc. Refined, quiet. ; !
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. April 0. — Some improvement
was noted in the export demand for evaporated
apples, but Jobbers still hold off. \ . Values . were
barely steady at the old basis. ¦ State, com
mon to good, 7@S%c; prime, 0%c; choice, 9^.
@10c;- fancy, 10%(5illc.
The movemsnt in California dried fruits. was
unimportant and the tone in most cases s.teady.
Prunes 'were in fair Jobbing demand for large
sizes. ' Peaches and apricots remained un
changed and featureless, . with the ¦ feeling
about steady.
PRUNES — 3%@"c.
APRICOTS— -Royal, :0@14c; MoorDark. 11%
@ll%c. . - . .
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c: unpeeled, 8@10c.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo.. April 9.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 750; steady; natives, $5 50@7; cows and
heifers'. • $1 50@2 05; .veals, $3@7 25; stockerb
and- feeders, $2@2 25. - ¦ '
HOGS— Receipts. 4700; steady; light I and
light mixed, $6 60©6 80; medium , and heavy,
$6,70@7; pigs, $4 25@6 80. •
SHEEP— Receipts, 2400; steady: Western
lambs,, $0@6 00; Western sheep, $4 50@6 15.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, April 9.— CATTLE — Receipts. 14,
600; strong to 10c higher; closed weak; good to
prime steers, $6 60@7 40; poor to medium,
$4 60#6 50; stockers and feeders, $2 M)@5 25;
cows, $1 45@5 90; heifers, $2 60@6 35; canners
$1 40@2 40; bulls, $2 50@5 40; calves, $2 50®
5.75; Texas fed steers. $5®C.. . ; ,. ,¦ . '.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, .25,000; to-morrow
25,000;. left, over, 3000; marset steady;, mixed
and 'butchers,*. $t> 00@7 ; ' good " to choice ¦ heavy,'
$6 85@7 07%;rough, heavy $0 65@6 85; light
$0 50@6 75; bulk of sales,. $6 75@7. "
SHEEP^-Recelpts, 2000; sheep and - lambs
mostly 10c lower; good to choice wethers, $5 25
@5fO; fair to choice mixed, $4 50@5 40; West
ern'sheep, $4 50@C; native lambs, $4 75@6 85;
Western lambs, $5 25#6 85.
CHICAGO.
Eastern ' Livestock Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported frcm Eastern station*:
Boston 42-»0iOmaha 46-38
Cincinnati 44-40 Chicago 44-38
Philadelphia SO-40 Duluth 34-30
Jacksonville «:S-4C St. Louis 46-3S
New York 4S-4T salt O^ake City. ..42-iC
Washington 52-3 ij Kansas City 54-40
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ii 58
Red Bluff 0.00 29.71 22.68
Sacramento 0.00 16.28. 17.50
San Francisco O.OO 17.36 18.9U
Fresno 0.00 6.40 10.39
Independence 0.00 4.23 . 5.&1
Ksn Luis Obifpo 0.00 21.18 27.87
Los Angeles O.OO 10.44 14.18
San Diego 0.00 5.85 10.65
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, 46; mean, 53.
O2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 9—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
JVenther Report.
' "First hand deliveries during the past thirty
days show the return of a normal demand and
indicate that the unusually large, stocks car
ried over from last year by dealers and specu
lators have gradually and permanently disap
peared. ..Prices have remained fairly steady
lor. all grades with the exception of good un
washed Salvador, which has turned a shade
fiimer- under temporary scarcity. Washed de
scriptions of all kinds have been sold at times
rather in buyers' favor, pot in sufficient quan
tities to affect the general market, but making
it difficult always to realize full asking prices.
••Brazil coffees. In New York are the same as
quoted a month since, but the tone of the mar
ket has been dull to easy under slow demand.
-'•Stock April 8 -consists of B05S bags Costa
Rica, 1SS Nicaragua, 5499 Salvador, ltt.589 Gua
temala, 32SO Mexican and -3342 various; In all
34,954 bags, as against '52,022.* bags same, time
last year." .
¦To-day's first hand asking prices are:
Costa Rica — 14(S15c ¦ for strictly prime to
fancy washed;. 12%@13%c for prime washed;
ll@12c for good washed; ll%@13c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10%@llc for good to
prime peaberry; 10%<gllc for good to prime;
sy>@10c for fair: 6<S8c for common to ordinary.
.Salvador — 12i,i@l3c ; for. strictly prime
washed; ' 10%(gl2c for good to prime washed;
!)fjlOc for fair washed; 10%@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9% ®10c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8?4@!)c tor superior un
washed; 8H@8%c for good green unwashed;'
9<si'i>v4e for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
Ci?7c for common to ordinary. -
. ; Nicaragua— 12@15c . for prime to 1 : fancy
washed; !)%@llc for fair." to .strictly good
washed; 8@S%c for good to superior unwashed:
9©'.)%c for good to prime unwashed . peaberry.
-Guatemala and Mexican— 13S"15iAc for prime
to fancy - washed ; 11%@12%c" for strictly good
washed; 10%@ll'4c for good washed; OViSlOVic
i for fnlr, washed: S@9c for medium; 6®7%c for
I Inferior. to ordinary; 10%®12c • for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9(f£t0c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8V4@S%c for good to
superior unwashed; 1 , .
OIL— California Castor Oil. In cases No 1
70c; pure, $1 £0; Linseed Oil, in barrels boiled
76c:, raw, 74c: cases, 5c more; Lucol 66c for
boiled : and 64c for . raw. > In barrels; -Lard Oil.
extra winter. strained. 1 barrels. 00c; cases 95e:
China Nut; 57%®<S8c. per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. ; 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm' pure
65c; Whale Oil, natural white," 40??50c per gal
lon ;" Fish Oil. barrels. 42 y.c; cases 4-ii c - c o _
coanut OU. barrels, 03%c for Ceylon and 53y.~
for Australian
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk
13%c; Pfarl Oil. in cases. 20c: A«tral "oc-
I Star, 20c: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25q- -Eocene"
I 22c: deodorized stove Gasoline/ in bulk lKUe"
I in cases. 22c; Benzine. In bulk, 14 %c; in cas>s'
J 2lc ( ; SU-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; la cades]
I " c TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon in cases and
I 61c in arums and iron > barrels. '
SUGAR— The Western , Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows. p«rpound. In 10O-lb
V a r?, S : $ U *% 3 - A> C 5 ushed and ' F!n * Crushed.
' H°. c : Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated
I 4..i5c;:Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
1 lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated 425c
! Beet Granulated (liKMb batja only) n'one :
Confectioners^ A. 4.2Cic; Magnolia - A. '3.85c;
Extra C, «..oc;. Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels. 10c , more; half-barrels, v 25c more
boxes, 50c more : - 50-lb « bags." 10c more for ' alt
kinds.; Dominos — Half-barrels. • 4.75c;* boxes.
5c ' per lb. No order - taken » for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce:
FOR "WEDNESDAY." APRIL ».
Flour, qr sks.. 7,00* iUiviw tons .... 10
Wheat, ctls .... 68.5S I Wool hales .... RC4
Barley.' ctls . . . . <iO.4"S7 Tallo'w. ctls ... . 224
Beans. 1 ties .... 1« Volts. MKi .... fifi2
Potatoes, sks . . l,49r» Hides. ' No. . . : " 29-'{
Onions,- sks ....- 7-"> Sugar.' ctls . .'. 1,504
I Bran, sks ..... ¦' .l.OSV leather, rolls.. 179
• Middlings, sks.. . . 50 Wlne.-Kals ....;77,2C0
i Hay,' tons ' 38S Lime, - bbls .... 91
jptggnygni oregon.
|;Flour, qr sks.. 2. 44S[ Potatoes, sks .. ,275
COFFEE — C.-E. Btckford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 57,344
bags, against 66.7U9 bags durnlg I the same
time last year. The sales, from first hands
were 33,778 bags, against 48,358; the stocks In
first • hands Api-il 1 were 38,224 bags, against
33,302. The world's • visible supply April 1
was 11,247,643 bags, against ) 7,412,277. The
circular says: ¦ ' : . : ¦'
• A circular for Australia says: "Since the
steamship Ventura leit the following vessels
delivered cargoes of coal here from Newcastle.
New South Wales, viz. : .. Balclutha, 2432 tons;
Reine Blanche, 2632 tons; Windsor Park, 2777
tons; Crocodile, 3S20. tons; total, 11,661 tons.
There are twelve cargoes of colonial due here
wlthnl the next sixty days, in all about 32,000
tons. The total . tonnage already engaged for
coal :wlir foot up about .ttS.Oou tons (twenty
nine ships); some of these will not reach their
loading port (Newcastle) before July and Aug
ust. Coal freights are still quoted; exceptionally
lew,' with no perceptible evidence of any early
improvement. Importers are offering the lead
ing brands ot Newcastle at very enticing fig
ures, still business is not brisk, as our coast
producers have to meet the market, and have
marked down their rates so as to find sale for
their ' output. Fuel oil still -retains Its sur
ptemacy at prices which cannot leave much
margin to the well owners unless they are very
large producers and their property is suitably
situated to export, besides its character estab
lishes- its value. As the summer season is
near at hand the demand for domestic coals Is
becoming lighter, and the chances of introduc
ing colonial household grades will be slimmer.
Our transports are the best customers at pres
ent for Australian \ fuel, I as their engineers
seem to prefer it to any other that is offering,
and it is very doubtful if the department will
ever convert their steamers Into oil burners."
- COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $S; Walls
end, $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $1325 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 20UO lbs and $S 50 per ton.
according to brand.
B AGS— -Grain Bags, June and July, 6c ; San
Quentin, 6.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%S8c. . ¦ .
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, April \ 9.— Special, cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes in available
supplies since the last report: . ¦
Wheat — United States and Canada, east - of
the Rockies, .decreased 2,022,000 bushels; afloat
lor and in Europe, decreased 300,000 . bushels ;
total supply (decreased), 3,322,000 bushels.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 641,000 bushels.
. Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 287,000 bushels. . : • *' . .
A va ilable Grain _ Supply.
New York Money Market.
¦ NEW YORK, April 9. — Money on call was
firm at 5@7 per cent; closing bid and asked,
5%@6 per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4% @5
per cent. Sterling exchange was easy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%®
4 87% for demand and at 54 85% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 86@4 88%; commercial
bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver, 53% c. Mex
ican dollars, 43c. Bonds — Governments, ir
regular; States, inactive; railroads. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In
the division of redemption, . shows : Available
cash balance. $180,565,932; gold, $96,214,186.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus.- extra', fancy.
|2®2 25 per' box, ' $1 6001 75 for. No. 1 * and
$1@1 25 for -No. 2; " Rhubarb, 50c@$l per
box; extra fancy, $1" 20;; Green Peas, 2@3c;
Blring Beans, from Los Angeles, 8@12%c;'Cab
tiage, 40c per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $1@
1 25 per .box and $1@1 25 per crate; Mexican
Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box. Including re
packed: Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do 13©17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@20c per
lb- Carrots,- 35@50c per sk; Hothouse Cucum
bers 50c@$l per dozen for • small and $1 2.">tP
1 50 for large; Garlic, 1%@2%c; Los Angeles
Green Peppers, 12%c:, Mexican I do, S@10j;
Egg Plant, from Los Ang«les. -20c; Summer
Squash, from Los Angeles, $1@1 50; Marrow
fat Squash. $10@15 per ton; Hubbard Squash,
$10@15; Mushrooms, nominal. ¦
The ruling price for Australian Onions was
$3 although several dealers are holding at the
top quotation. -There was no change, in Ore
gon Onions. Supplies of Green were excessive
with large- quantities of carried-over . stock
selling below the quotations.
l Receipts i of Vegetables - were moderate, . but
as there was considerable stock carried over
from the previous day. and no : demand ! for
shipping most kinds - were lower. Some extra
fancy Rhubarb from San Jose sold : readily at
the top ¦ quotation. ' ' ~ ' - —
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@3c per lb;
old, $1 25®1 45 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 4501 75; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60; River Reds, $1 50@l 60; Early
Rcse for seed, $1 60@l 70; small Burbanks.
for seed, $1 10@l 35; Sweets, $1 00 for Mer
ceds In sks and $2, in crates. :
-¦ ONIONS — Oregons. $2{J2 15. for the best and
$1 75@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3©
3 75, second hands; Green ¦ Onions, 35@50c per
fcOX. >¦-•-.'.• •¦"-•'¦.'.¦>---•'*.-.*¦ ,\ .¦--.-•.-. ,.¦: ¦
The Potato market continued firm with trade
active for most descriptions. Oregon Burbanks
are almost cleaned up and the market Is in
good shape for . the : steamer, due to-day with
about 7000 sks/ River Burbanks were higher
under lighter supplies. Offerings of New Po
tatoes were ' liberal and prices we're lower as
the demand was not brisk. ¦•"¦'--<",
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. . j LIVERPOOL.
¦ Wheat— ¦ I -" May. July.
Opening-.....!... . . 5 11 . 5 10%
Closing ......'.........:.... 5 11% - 6 10%
• i PARIS. ,
Wheat — ¦-.'/¦ April. • Sept.-Dec.
Opening . .:......' ; . ... . 22 00 20 40
Closing .......22 05 20 40
Flour — . ' •
Opening .......26 55 26 35
Closing ................ . . .". • 2U 60 26 35
Pink; $1 »0@2 10; Red, $2 25@2 50; Blackeye,
$4 50@4. 76; Llmas, $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl. » -: ¦ -' ,
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 50; 1 Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; ' Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape. 1%@
2 I / 4c;:Hemp. 3%c per lb. ' .
DRIED PEAS— NUes. $1 60@2; Green. $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
"All White Beans continue depressed and de
clining. Reds are also lower, while Blackeye
are scarce and = still higher. '" Dealers report
rather more Inquiry for assorted cars for ship
ment, as the decline in prices has created some
demand for this ; ; account. The ' weakness in
Limas continues. ' •
BEANS — Bayos $2~40@2 60; small White, $2
®2 30; large White, | $2@2 25; JPea, $3@3 50:
Beans and Seeds;
The stock market was Idle, but firm to-day.
Americans were firm, .closing at the top. The
settlement disclosed hardly any bulls. The gen
eral contango began at 4% and eased off to 3%,
with even less In St. Paul, Canadian Pacific,
Louisville and Nashville and Southern Pacific.
New York gave special attention to . the two
last-named stocks, bidding up Louisville and
Nashville 2 points in ten minutes on the street.
Copper advanced 7-10 to £53% the ton and Rio
Tintos touched 44%. The Metropolitan District
Underground Railroad stock has been strong
during the last few days. A clique Is buying
and it is reported that the Speyers are now
backing Yerkes.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows 4<S5c per lb.
CALVES — 1%@5%C per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross welscht). ¦¦-.., - .
. LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, - $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@6c ,per lb llvewelght; yearling3,
4%(guc cer "lb. • -. ¦
HOGS — Live "Hog3, 200 lbs and under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6%c; feeders. 5%@
6%c; sow3, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per
cent off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the
above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : . -
. BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6@7c per lb
for Cows.
• VEAL— Large, 7%@8%c; small, -_83&Q10c per
pound.' *' .
MUTTON — Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes. 8@8%c
jer pound. ¦¦; •
LAMB— Yearlings, 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 11%@12%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
There is no further change to report In any
thing
San Francisco Meat Market.
"General business continues in good condi
tion. High wages are promoting active con-
Eumption in all lines of manufactured goods;
and, as distributors throughout the country
appear to be carrying email stocks, the pros
pect Is for a good spring trade. At the same
time the rapidly increased cost of living is be
ginning to check consumption and may soon ex
press itself in more cautious buying in the
wholesale markets. The Iron and steel indus
tries continue in their state of phenomenal ac
tivity; though new competition is making Itself
felt, and, while many of the mills bold orders
that will keep them busy for months still
prices at first hands are not so steady as a
month or two ago. The textile trades seem
well employed; orders in sight are plentiful,
hence the willingness of both cotton and woolen
manufacturers to grant their employes advance
in wages. Any curtailment, however. In the
demand for staple cotton goods with cotton at
its present high level would seriously inconveni
ence cotton manufacturers; and the woolen
mills are not enjoying the eame degree of pros
perity that they did a year ago. Very soon the
crop outlook will be a factor; and the indica
tions are that high prices will encourage a
larger acreage for corn and cotton If not for
wheat also. Bountiful harvests would certain
ly insure us another year of prosperity. The
apprehension of gold shipments still hangs
over the stock market. But there Is no fear of
the money situation being disturbed thereby, as
any gold shipments will be doubly offset by the
return of funds from interior points to this
center from this time forth until we get back
all the money sent from here for crop-moving
purposes last fall, and this will remain here
until the next crop movement, which will be
about the middle of next August. Meanwhile
money will gradually grow easier and rates
lower, and the stock market cannot fall to be
stimulated by plethoric money, as it will fur
nish facilities to operators to carry stocks on
easy terms throughout the summer months. I
look for more activity in the stock market and
a higher range of prices generally in the Im
mediate future."
A leading authority In New York says:
Commerce and Gold Shipments.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask
4s qr coup.. Ill 112 4s qr c (new)13»%139&
4s qr reg.^ail 111% 3s qr coup. .109%110
V MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5a. 91% — Oc SS Co 5a. — 101
Bay CPC 5s.lO7%108 Ombus C 6a. — '
Cal-et 5s 117 119 Pac G Im 4s. 96%100«4
C Costa 5s.. 110% — Pk&C H 63.107 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6S.117 — •:
Gcary-st 5a.— — Sac EGR Ca.101%103^4
H C&S 5%s. — — SV & SJV5S.121 122
Do 5s 97 — Sierra Caltis.113 —
L. Ang R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A 6a
L A L Co 6s. — — U909) 113%U4
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114% —
Dc gtd 5s. — 104% S P of C 6a
L A & P 53.102 — (1905)Sr A. — 106%
D lem 5s. 103 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6a. — 130 (1906) — 109%
Do lem 5s.l20 122 (1912) ....119%121
N R of C 6s. — — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121%121?i centd5s.,120 —
N Pac C 5s.llO — Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 6s. 114% — SP Br Cal6s.l39 139%
OsJc Gaa 5s. — 113% S V Wat «s.lll —
Oak Trn 63.124 — I Do 4a 2dm.lO3 104
Do 1st c5s.113%114%! Do 4s —
Oak W G 5s. — 104 IStkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77% 79- jPort- Costa.. 63% 66
Marln-Co...-i, 60 | Spring Val.. 93% 93%i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent I> & P. 2% — Pac Light ..45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 29 —
Mutual — 4% S F G & E. 4S% 43%
O G L & H. 5r 57% S F G L Co. 5% «
Pac G Imp.. 36% — Stktn G & E. S —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.265 275
Anglo-Cal ..SO' 90% L P & A. ...166 ; —
California ..423 — JMer Ex (llq) 13% —
Cal Safe Dp.117% — S F Nationl.liO —
First Nationl — — i
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...2000 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. — 340
Mutual Sav. SO 87% Union TrustlS20 —
S F Sav U..525 — 1 • .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..165 — Market .100 —
Geary ....... — 60 ' Presidio .... 30 . —
v POWDER.
Giant 80%, 80% /Vlgorit 3 " 3%
• SUGAR. ;
liana .' 3% 4 Kilauea .... — '-><»
Hawaiian ..33 — Makawell .. — 23
Honokaa ... 10 11 Onomea .... 23 24%
Hutehinson . 11% 12% Paauhau ... 11 12
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.102 1C2% Pac A F A.. 2% 3%
Cal Fruit As.ltti 10;?% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 100 101 Par Paint ..18 —
Oceanic S Co — 35 I
- Morning Session. .* *'¦"»-,..'-••>'
Boarrt-^
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 00
5 Cal Wine Assn, s 3 ....100 00
3 Cal Wine Assn 100 0O •
tOO Cal Wine Assn 100 S7%
10 Contra Costa Water, cash...... 77 87%
15 Contra Costa Water 77 S7 >~i
35 Contra Costa Water, b 10 78 00
15 Contra Costa Water 7S 00
1C Giant Powder Con 80 2S
25 Honokaa S Co 10 5O
80 Spring Valley Water 93 00
5 Spring Valley Water 93 12^i
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bond3.11S 75
$0000 N Ry of Cal 6 per cent bonds.112 0O
$1000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5 per cent. 102 25
$1000 S E Gaa & Ry 5 per cent, b 2.102 25
$4000 Sac Elec Gas & Ry 5 per cent.102 12%,
$4000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per ct bonds. 113 CO
1 $2000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per ct.107 75 ¦
$1000 S V 4 per cent bond3 (2d mort).103 25.
Street —
$5000 N P C'R R 5 per cent bonds.... 110 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Contra Costa Water 78 00
CO Oakland Gas 57 23
10 Pacific Gas Imp 36 50
Street—
10 Fireman's Fund Ina 265 00
5. Spring Valley. Water 93 25
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April &— 2 p. m.
the speculative movement to-day into other
quarters of the market. Louisville and Nash
ville itself, while occasionally reactionary,
forged up to the top level, 5 points over last
night in the final dealings and closed within a
shade of that. The Southern Railway stocks
•were also lifted forcibly to the top level at the
last. The rest of the market showed the effect
of, realizing and some Important stocks closed
with net losses, notably New York Central,
Manhattan, Chicago and Northwestern common
and preferred and Rock Island. Some of the
minor railroads which have recently advanced
were also sufferers. While a large number of
Important stocks were included in the advance
the movement was by no means universal and
many prominent stocks were I neglected ! and
sluggish. United States Steel stocks still con
spicuously so. There was also the usual as
sortment of violent movements in high-priced
industrials, which are closely held by concen
trated interests. The electrical stocks and
New York Airbrake made wild advances and
almost equally sensational relapses. The rise
of 6% in New York and New Haven was unex
plained. American Snuff's 7-point gain was
practically all made on one sale.
Some of the active speculative bonds were af
fected by realizing and the market generally
was irregular. Total sales, par value, $5,535,
000.
United States 5s advanced % and the 3s cou :
pen declined % per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18.200 79% 78% 79%
Atchison pfd 4.500 98% 98 98%
Bait & Ohio 7.000 107 % 10«% 106%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 6.000 96% 95% 96%
Canadian Pa«fic... 8,800 114 113*4 113%
Canada Southern... 1.100 S8% SS 8SVi
Chesapeake & Ohio S.GOO 47% 46% 46%
Chic & Alton 1,600 37% 30% 37
Chic & Alton pfd.. 300 76% 7C% 7G%
Chic Ind & Louis.. 2,400 04 C2% ¦ 62%
Chic Ind & L pfd 78V*
Chic & East 111 100 158 158 157
Chic & Great West 11,800 25% 24% 24%
Chic & G W A pfd. 300 88 88 67%
Chic & G W B pfd. 000 47% 46% 46
Chic & Northwest. 500 238% 237 237%
Chic R I & Pac 4,600 176 172 174
Chic Ter & Tr 300 20% 19% 19%
Chic Ter & Tr pfd. 900 37% 34 36%
C C C & St Louis.. 1.300 104% 103% 103%
Colo Southern 2,000 27% 27% 27%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 300 73 73 72%
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 900 ¦ 44% 44% 44%
Del & Hudson 400 172 172 171
Del Lack & West .... 282
Denver & R G 2.500 44% 43% 44
Denver & R G pfd. 1.200 92% 92 92%
Erie 7.400* 37% 37 37%
Erie 1st pfd 400 68% 68% 68%
Erie 2d pfd 300 54% 54% 54
Great Northern pfd 185
Hocking Valley 1,500 82% 82 '82
Hocking Val pfd... 200 92 92 91%
Illinois Central 2,100 143% 143 143
Iowa Central 400 49% 48% 48%
Iowa Central pfd.. 200 85% 84% 84 %
Kans City South... 1,000 24 23% 23V»
K C South pfd 2,400 56% 50% ¦ 50 V«
Lake Erie & West. 200 69 69 <>8%
Lake E & W pfd .... 130
Louisville & Nash. 168,700 114% 109% 114%
Manhattan L 15,700 135% 134% 134%
Metropolitan St Ry 1.400 165% 165% 165%
Mexican Central .. 1,400 30 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 800 19% 19 19%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 109% 109% 109 14
Missouri Pacific 28,200 102V* 101% 102
Mo Kan & Tex '24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 200 55% 55V- 55%
N J Central 100 11>2 192 " 192
N Y Central 1,000 163% 162% 163
Norfolk & West 11,200 58 56% 57%
Norfolk & W pfd.. 500 90% • 90% 00%
Ontario & West... 5,100 33% 33% 33
Pennsylvania 10,500 151% 150% 150%
Reading 49,000 58% 07% 57%
Reading 1st pfd 3,300 82% 82% 82%
Reading 2d pfd 13,000 69% 68% 69%
StL&SF... 2,000 71% 71 71
Et L & S F 1st pfd. 100 83% 83% 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd.. 700 74% 74 74 '
St L Southwest 1.400 28% 2S 27%
St L Southwest pfd 12,900 62% 61% "61%
St Paul 12,500 160% 1C8% 168%
St -Paul pfd 400 193 192 192
Southern Pacific 45,200 06% 66 66%
Southern Railway.. 139, 700 34% 33% 34%
Southern Ry pfd... 18,700 96% 94% 90
Texas & Pacific... 1,000-41% 41% 41%
Tol St L & West.. 300 21% 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. 1,100 38% 38% 38%
Union Pacific 14,500 101% 101% 101 '<4
Union Pacific pfd. 2,100 88% 87% 87%
Wabaah 7,100 24% 24% 24 %
Wabash pfd 43.700 45% 44% 44%
Wheeling & L E.. 2.500 21 20 20'jC
' W & L E 2d pfd.. 1,300 33% 32% 33%
Wls Central 3,900 25% 24% 24%
Wis Central pfd... 4.300 49% 48% 48%
Express Companies —
Adams 200
American 230
United States 117
Wells Farsro 100 202% 202% 200
Miscellaneous—
Araalgamat Copper 23.300 66 65 05%
Amer Car & F 2,400 23% 29>A 20%
Amer C & F pfd.. 1,200 91% 91 " 91%
Amer Lin Oil 200 24 24 24
Amer Loco 11,400 32M. .31 31%
Amer Loco pfd... 300 93% -93 92%
Amer S &.R... 800 47% 47 47V4
Amer S & R pfd.. 2,200 97% 97 97%
Anaconda M Co... 200 114% 114% 113%
Brook Rap.T 4.000 "66% 65% C5%
Colo Fuel & Iron 2,000 101 V- 99% 99%
Consolidated Gas.. 6.000 226% 224% 225%
Cont Tob pfd 1,000 120% 118% , 119%
Gen E!ec 3,000 . 334 328 329
Hocking Coal ....' 400 22% 22% 22
Internet Pat>er ..' R00 21% . 21% 21%
Int Paner pfd .100 75% 74%" 75
Int Power 4,300 101* ¦"* m% 99
National Biscuit .. 400 51% 51% 51%
National Lead ... 200 18% 18% 18%
National Salt .... . ... 9
North Amer 6,500 129% 125% 127-74
Pacific Ccast ' ...-. .'..."-#71%
Pacific Mall 000 43 . 42 4"> •
People's Gas 1.100 102% 102% 102%
Press Steel Car 100 41% 41% 41%
Press Steel C pfd. ,100 fi4% 84% 84%
Pull Palace Car... 100 239' 239 23fi
Republic Ste^l .... . 500 17% t 17% I7<S4
Rep Steel pfd 000 73% 73% 73U
Sugar 17.flOO 133 131% 132 Vi
Tenn Conl & Iron.. 1.100 • 69% 69 , raw
Union Bag & Papr 71,100 16% 16 M631
Union B & P pfd. 1,200 84% • 81% gas?
U 8 Leather 2,100 ]3% 12% 1.1
U S I/eather pfd.. 700-84% 84% 84fe
U B Rubber 1.700 , 17% 17 m;
U S Rubber pfd... 400 60% 58% 60
IT S Steel .• ... £.R00 42 -,141% 41%
U S Steel pfd 3.900. 94M- 94 84t2
West Union ....... 800 . 90% 90 90%
Shares Sold ....092.200
NEW YORK BONDS.,
U S ref 2s reg.,.109 L & N un'if 4s. .102%
U fi raf 2s coup.. 109 Mexican Cen 4s. 84W
U 8 3. re K ......108% Do 1st inc .... 34*,
U S 3g couo ....109% Minn & St L 4s. 104 «
U S. new 4s reg.l3D M K & T 4s....:i0t-
U S new 4s coup. 139% -Do 2ds ..." 83
U S old 4s reg...lll N Y Cen l«ts.."lO4
U S old 4s coup.. Ill Do gen 3%s...lO9
US 5s reg 109% N J Cen Ken 5s. 131)%
U S Ds coud ....106% Northern Pac 4*. .105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s ¦ ¦ • 74%
Do adjust 4s... »4V4 Norf & W con 4s*102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 98%
Do 3% 8 »«% StL & I M con Cs.117
Do conv 4s ....107 St L & S F 4s 101
Can South 2ds 108 St L S W Ists 100W
Central of Ga Bs.ll2V4« Do 2d s ;...:!' 82
Do 1st inc ... R4% San A & A P 4s" 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8Ui Southern Pac 4s )94%
Chl"& Alton 3%s. S4%iRouthern Ry 5 h .U22i|
C B & O new 4s. 96%]Texas & Pac Ists 120 '4
C M&StP gen 4s.115%!to1 St L & W 4. 82%
C & N W con 7s. 138%] Union Pacific 4s. 105%
C R I & P, 4s.. ..112%! Do conv 4s ...'1075
CCC&St L gen 4s.lOl%rWabash Ists ... 12oT
Chi Term 4s ... 90 - > Do 2ds ... ....110%
Colo & Bouth 4s. 94^1. Do deb B " 7.s2
Denver & U G 4*. 10.1% West Shore "4k'".*112V
Erie prior li<»u 4s. 100 |w & L Erie 4s.. mil
Do Ken 4s .... 87% Wisconsin Cen4s. 93
Ft W & D C lsts.112 Con Tob 4s ....C5"i
Hocking Val 4%s.llO%l • ; . , . .- ¦ . '*
.^¦¦- NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con . .* r 251 Little Chief ...... 11
Alice - . . ; ..... . . r>« Ontario . . . . . . : . . .8 75
I.Breece ... ....... 50 Ophlr ... ....... 5)0
1 Brunswick Con 1 ..10 Phoenix ... •..:... on
Comstock • Tunnel .-. OSjPotosl ... ... ...
Con Cal 8c Va....l 20 Savage .......... 01
Air descriptions remained 'as previously
quoted. : ~ .
BRAN— $16 50017 per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. ?25<8>20; jobbing,
$2K 50(527; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
*29@29 50;. Cracked • Corn. $29 50<5>:i0; Mixed
Feed, $1G®17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat.
$8 50@ll;Oat. $8@10 50; Alfalfa. $8@11; Clo
ver, $7®9; Volunteer,. $6 50@S 50; Stock, $6@8
per ton. ¦'. -- '. ¦' ¦- ¦"¦•';.¦¦¦¦-.. '. ¦ .¦ "
STRAW — iO@65c per bale..
Hav : and Feedstuff s.
Cash quotations ' were as follows : \ Flour,
firmer; No." 3 spring wheat, C8@71c; No. 2 red,
7S@80c; No. 2 oats, 42%@42%c; No.: 2' white,
44%@46c; No. 3 white, 42%c; No. 2 rye,:50%c;
fair to choice malting barley. 60@66c ; No. 1
flax seed. $1 C5; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 75-,
prime timothy, seed, ¦¦ $7; • mess pork,' per bb!,
$16 45Cf16 50; lard, ?er 100 lbs,. $9 55@9 57%;
short ribs" sides (loose),' $8 80®8 90: dry . salt-,
ed" shoulders (boxed), 7% @7%c: . short clear
sides (boxed), $9 25@9 35; whisky, basis of
high wines. .$1 30; clover,- contract grade, $S.
Articles — . ' ."-'-. •, Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 33,000 29.000
Wheat, bushels ..'....... 77,000 104,000 '
Com, bushels ..........: 75,000 . 41,000
Oats, bushels .......... .125.000 107.000
Rye, bushels .... . t . . H.000 \ ."-.OOO
Barley, bushels .. .. ..... 32.000 .,14.000
On i the Produce Exchance to-day the butter
market" was easy; creameries, ,23g>29%c: dai
ries. 22(527 c. Cheese, steady, 12@13c. Eggs,
firm; fresh 15c. '
N HIDES AND SKINS^-Culla and brands sell
about l%c under '.quotations. Heavy" salted
Steers. 10%c; medium.. 9@9%c; light. 8@8%c;
Cow Hides. 9c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags. 6@«%c; Salted Kip, 8@3%C; Salted Veal.
«&U%c; rialted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 16c; Culls
14c; Dry Kip. 13c; Dry Calf. ~ 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c
each; short Wool. 35®l5Oc each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool. 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt. ¦ $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for me
dium.. $1 for small and 60c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 82%c; dry salted Mexican.
25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat Skins
— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c;
medium. 35c. "- . - :
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c: grease. 2%@3%e.
WOOL. — Spring — Northern free, 14316c; do,
defective, 13@14c; Middle county free, 130152;
do- defective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months,
9@10c: .do, 7 months, 0@Hc; Foothill,, ll@13c;
Nevada, 12@15c oer lb.
HOPS — ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c' per
lb for good to choice, first hands. ¦
Hides, Taltozv, Wool j and Hops.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Exchange and Silver about as before.
IV heat and Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Oats, Corn and Rye inactive.
Hay aitd Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans meeting with some little demanad for shipment.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged and plentiful.
Nothing itczv in Dried Fruits.
Provisions dull, both here and m the West.
All Meats as previously quoted.
Cottolene advanced i-^c-
Coffee reported in steadier tone.
Coal situation remains as before.
Potatoes firm, Onions steady and Vegetables lower.
Oranges and Bananas firm. Lemons slow and easy.
Poultry in moderate receipt and firm.
Peadwood Terra '.. . EO Sierra Nevada ... 20 j
Horn Silver .....1 40 Small Hopes ' ..... -45
Ircn Silver 75 Standard" . .^ 3 35
Lead vi lie Con .... 05 . . ; " >
i BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ,
Money-r- : < do preiti ... 04 : !
Call loans .4$?5 Westingh Comran.114 i
Time loans 4i,i»j5 Mining— '
Bonds — * 'Adventure •:.;'...'. .22 V4 i
Atchison 4s 103 14 Allouez ..:....... :! Vj
Gas Ists {;« Amalgamated .... 665
Mex Cent 4s M Baltic '•?&*%
N E G & Coke... CO'/i Jilr.gham ..':... .. -SMt
Railroads — . .Calumet & Hecla.600
AtchiEon ........ 79 ".Centennial .......; '£J
do prefd i.'JiSU Copper tiange ... 51) ,
Boston & Albany. 20;: Dominion Coal. ..135
Boston <& Maine. .l'JSVi Franklin . . ." .11*4
B<iston Klevated..l70 Isle Royale ...... 15%
NY N ri & II... 220 Mohawk ......... M '
Fitchburg prefd ..147>i Old Dominion.... 21%
Mex Central 2UVi Osceola ........... 02.
Miscellaneous — !j, • Parrot 28
Am Sugar Tl,:'2-k' Qulncy . : .125
do prefd...... .111% Santa Fe Copper.. 3 .
Dim Iro.i <s Steel. li'-^.Trlmountain ..... 3Sw
.Gen Electric "52S Trinity .......... 13%
Mass Electric ... Jalfc United States .... 20
do prefd S»GVa Utah .: 22%
N E G & Coke... « Victoria 5H
United Fru»t ... .10-1 WInona 3%
U S Steel .1% Wolverine ....... 55
LONDON CLOSING BONDS. V .
Consols for" money 1 Louis & Nash. .-..112%'
03 15-10|Mo Kan 4; Tex... 25V4
do for acct...94 1 10 do prefd .'..; 55%
Anaconda ....... 5% N Y Central. 160
Atchison S0% Norf & Western. .. 08%
do prefd lOOvi do prefd ...92 !
Bait & Ohio lCSSi Ontario & West.. 3336
Can'Pacifio '.118% Southern Hy ..... 34
Ches & Ohio 47 4i do iireil ..... 97
Chi Gt Western . 25 Southern 1'ac . . . J;8
Chi M & St P....172'i Union Pacific ...164%
Den & R Grande.. 44% do pi*fi 00 ,
do prefd 94% U S Steel 43
Erie 3S'A do prefd 0<Hi
do 1st prefd 70% Wabash ........". 24%
do 2d prefd .... 55% do prefd : 45%
Illinois Central... 140 Spanish 4s ....... 7SV.
Bar silver, dull, 24%d per ounce. Money,
2%©3 per. cent. ; -. -" ¦ '
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent. . • • •¦ •
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was very fair and. as usual of late,
chiefly in bonds. California Wine shares were
higher at $10C@100 37%, and Giant Powder at
$80 25. Spring -Valley Water was weaker at
$03093.^2%. Centra Costa Water was higher
at $77 S7%©78. The totter company, at tw
annual meeUng on Tuesday, re-elected its old
officers and declared the usual monthly aivi
dend ot 42c« payable on the 15tb. (
There was nothing new la the afternoon.
The oil stocks, were dull and unchanged. Four
Oil declared a dividend of . lc, amounting to
$3000. payable on the 15th.
j At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar Company
yesterday the following directors weVe elected:
H. P. Baldwin. Albert Meyer. Wallace Alexan
der. E. M. Walsh and Edward Pollita. Th«
only change from the old board was the elec
tion of E. M. Walsh in place of S. T. Alexan
der. Officers were elected as follows: H. F.
Baldwin, president and general manager: Al
bert Meyer, vice president; Nevada Bank,
treasurer, and-George M. Rolph. secretary. The>
crop of sugar for the year ending December
31. 1901. amounted to 26.524 tons, of which
2:5.724 tons was sold at an average price of
$77 (51 per ton. . Deducting $11 59 as the aver
age expense per ton, left the average net price
per ton $60 01, making The net return for sugar
sold $1,566,076 57. There- were 1800 tons car
ried over Into this year. The financial state
ment shows that the actual profit for 1901 wa«
$151,198 90. out of which $150,000 was paid In
dividends. The net assets ¦ on December 31.
1901. were valued at $3.901,607 41.
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton, Do Ruyter & Co.:
Common stock, $23 87%@24; preferred, • $C2@
62 12%; 4 per cent bonds. $S9 62%®90; sub
scriptions, $101 62%@102. .
The Bank of California haa declared the regu
lar quarterly dividend of $4 per snare, payable
April 15. - - .
STOCK MARKET.
kets ,~ were up. ¦ Shorts, covered freely and at
, on*, time it. looked 'as If .there '•would be a big
bulge. Q Offeringsiaf the better;piices.arid:falr
r profit-taking ¦ brought; repeated- dips,', which thn
I rallies only . barely ". overcame.^ (' The cash, de-
I aiandjwas much "better,?. StS Louis selling for
shipment . 147,000 ¦', bushels out of a total stock
there of 253,000 bushels. - Kansas City stocks
wer«j:reduced;i232,Q00 ., bushels*. •The temporary
loss :of . the. advance in prices was due largely
t3 ' an absence of a -vigorous 'demand.' ; The
latp -rally /In wheat helped -materially. May
corn! sold- early at 59 !4c; eased to IW^Qoo-s,.
and closed barely firm -J^c", up at 5S%c.
Oats- were quiets but' were aided somewhat
by,th« ! strength in. other grains.,:, Receiving
I houses. were early' buyers, but for a". time prices
cased on a corn, dip. . Some support was given
on the ; news s that . the Illinois crop ¦ had ¦ suffer
ed from the cold .weather;*- and that much of It
would . have to be , reseeded. ' Trade .was indif
ferent.^ May-sold as low.as 42%c:and closed
%c higher at'42V$c.'" J Receipts were 03. cars, v.
- Provisions ¦ held firm ; against ' the depressing
Influence ¦ of a • weak hog ; market. S- Lard and
rib^ wpreingood demand on a supposedly im
• proved cash r situation/, v Pork* at times ,' showed
veak I epots; but- the | whole -list was supported
by" packers. ''May pork ciosed 5c up at $10 50;
May lard 10c; higher at- $9 60. and May ribs
71.40 advanced at $S 90. •-. ' ¦
S The leading futures > ranged as follows ; •_ -
COTTOLENE-HDne half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
9%c; live tierces, 9%c per lb. .
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8@S%c per lb for
compound and ll%c ; for pure; half barrels,
pure, ll%c; lC-lb tins. 12c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb tins, l2Y*c.' -¦
CURED . JIKATS— Bacon, 12&c per lb for
heavy. i:j c for light medium, X4c for light,
loc for extra light and 15^c for sugat-cured ;
Eastern . sugar-cured Hams, 13 Vic; California
Hams, 12%@13c; Mess Beef. $U<g9 50 per bar
rel; extra. Mess, $10@10 50; Family. -$11@11 50;
prime Mess Pork, $1H; extra clear. $22 50@2a;
Mess, $13 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 30;
Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb. .
[This market continued very dull at' un
changed- quotations, except • Cottolene. I which
was marked up &c. .'•
¦ Chicago was slightly higher . on the day.
with scattered buying. ' Trade was not large,
oh -account of small offerings. ; § - • :--.-
Provisions.
2. 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. ; 2. 7c;
Almonds, 10^@12c-' for. papershell, 9@10c-for
softshell and 0@7c for. hardshell : Peanuts. 5@Tc
for Eastern: Brazil: Nuts, 12®12%e;. .Filberts,
12©12>/4c: Pecans, ll@13cr Cocoanuts. $3 E0®5.
. HONEY— Comb. Il<gl2c for bright and 0@llc
for light, amber; water white extracted. 5<9
6c; light amber extracted. 4®5c;' dark. 4c.
| .BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. . : , . " . , •
FLOUR— California Family Extras,. $3 50*?
3 75, usual : terms ; Bakers' Extras, $3 4003 50 :
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$:i@H 50 for Bakers' ; Washington ' Bakers', *S
MILLSTUFFS— Prices • In • sacks are as f ol
lows, ¦ usual 1 < discount to. the trade: Graham
Flour $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3: Rye'lleal.
$2 75; Rice Flour," $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat" Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4©
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 5004. 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; 'Farina. : $4 50; Whole 'Wheat
Fiour, ?&' 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), ?7 35@9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour dnd'Millstuffs.
$1 ,08% ; 8000, : $1* 08% ; 8000^ $1 OS'A. ' Decem
ber—«oco.--$i m%: . i8,ooo,^$i 06%.
:¦ Afternoon. Session— No, sales. ; '.'•••¦¦
V "BARLEY — Quotations ; remain E undisturbed,
and the. market; is quiet,' though the feeling in
spot '¦ Feed ,\seems i to be ';¦ weaker, " and ; sellers
show a , disposition to meet buyers, f even to
the point . of / giving , concessions.
; Feed, 96%@97y.c for No. 1 and 83%@95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 07 Vic ,
@51; Chevalier,, $1@1 20. v -.- V
v — • CALL BOARD SALES.'
¦ j Informal - Session— 9 :15 : o'clock — No sales. .
¦ Second Session — No sales." :.---..•.
- •'- Regular Morning * Session — No . eales. .
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 : ctls, , 92 %c;
2OOO,tO3c. -<<'¦¦-- , :'¦•.-•: ' v , '' - ¦
v OATS— Chicago still reports a firm | market
with a scarcity, of stock. This market is dull
and unchanged. ' ¦
¦'•V Grays. :$1 30@l 40;, whites, ?1 ?-0@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; , black, $l,12%@lo2V4; red.
$1 -K><31*42%. D er ctl. ; : ¦ ¦
¦CORN— Chicago was firm yesterday, with bt.
Louis buying' there and selling .large lots at
home. :¦:..) The market! reported, higher, in Iowa
and Kansas than at 'Chicago. :~ • "•¦:'.'
- : The .Ean' Francisco 'market remained as oe
f ore .qyoted,- choice dry .-.lots being firm and
everything else weak, and dull. -
Large Yellow. $1 35@1 45; small 'round do.
$1 35<g 1 47 % ; white; $1 40@l DO per ctl. -
»R5SE— 02%@95c per ctl. '¦¦¦,'•'
BUCKWHEAT- Quoted at $1 65@1 75 ,i?r
Ctl.-: ¦" :- V. .', :¦ -.- ¦ ¦ ¦¦.-¦¦.- ¦ . r ,-,-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,; APRIL 10, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
-Articles—-. >: Open. •'• High' Low.
"Wheat, No. 2— .•••¦<¦
May '..:. . ... 72 . 72% 71%
July:.:.-. ... 72% . ' 73% 72%
September '.. 72 : 73 V4 71% ,,
: Corn, No.*; 2 — "-..' ;'
MaY "... . 59 "- L 61*1,4' - 5S%V
July ....... 59Vi" 5'J% 59
September .... 58% -59 '.: 5S%
Oats, No. 2 — . ..
May : ." . ; ..... 42% , %-. 42% 42 Vi
July. .... ... . , 34 v 34 33%
September .. -28% 29}& . 2S% X
' Mess Pork, per bbl— i . ¦ ' ' '.,
May ........10 42% 16 52% i 1C 37%
July .......16 62% 16 72% • 16 55
Lard, per .100 lfcs—
May ........ 9 50 • 9 CO 9 50
July ......... 9 (iO i . .'0 70 960,
September .. 0 72% • 9 SO * 0.72%
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs— .
May ..:... ...8 S7% 8 00 8 85
July... 9 00 9 05. 8 87%
September ..'9 10 ' 9 12% 9 07%
Close.
72 "'si
; ' l 2 h
72%
' 58%
" 59%
58%
42%
34
r 29%
16 50
.16 67%
9 60
9 70 ;
9 80 :
8 90
9 02%
0 10
m
-i
o
3
L %
9
•1
& a c a i
H *S tl <l I
=3 S3 s" "2* v
li V* r§ |? 1
C C ' * " O
? • : : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
..30.40
. .SO. 26
..20.08
50 46 W Cloudy .38
44 30 KW Cloudy T.
56 30 XE Clear .00
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff . .
Pocatello. I<5.
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland ...
Hed Bluff ..
Itoseburg . .
Sacramento
Salt Lake...
San Franc'sc
S. L. Oblspo
San Diego..
Seattle
Spokane ...
Neah Bay..
Walla Walli
Wlnnemucea
Tuma
,..30.00
,..20.80 .
ia.30.20
e 2«. 92
i. .29.90
...29.74
. ..:jo.3ti
....¦W.14
..."Hi. 38
..30.10
...30.10
co.30.10
)..30.06
...29.92
...30. 32
,..30.20
...30.28
la.S0.28
l. .30.14
...29.76
.. 42
C8 40 KW Clear .00
,C2 22 SW PtCldy .00
42 30 W Clear .02
70 36 E Clear- -.00
72 44 W Clear .00
84 50 N*W Clear .00
52 34 SW Clear .20
M 12 N Clear .00
OZ 40 W PtCldy .10
<52 46 NW Clear .00
46 36 NW Clear .00
CO 48 W Clear .00
70 48 "W Clear .00
« M W 'Clear .00
50 34 SW PtCldy .IS
48 34 W Cloudy T.
46 34 SW Cloudy .34
54 36 SW PtCldy .00
50 30 NW Clear .00
88 58 N Clear .00
m
-i
o
3
L %
9
•1
& a c a i
H *S tl <l I
=3 S3 s" "2* v
li V* r§ |? 1
C C ' * " O
? • : : :
Astoria
Baker
Carson
..30.40
. .SO. 26
..20.08
50 46 W Cloudy .38
44 30 KW Cloudy T.
56 30 XE Clear .00
Eureka
Fresno
Flagstaff . .
Pocatello. I<5.
Independence
Los Angeles
Phoenix
Portland ...
Hed Bluff ..
Itoseburg . .
Sacramento
Salt Lake...
San Franc'sc
S. L. Oblspo
San Diego..
Seattle
Spokane ...
Neah Bay..
Walla Walli
Wlnnemucea
Tuma
,..30.00
,..20.80 .
ia.30.20
e 2«. 92
i. .29.90
...29.74
. ..:jo.3ti
....¦W.14
..."Hi. 38
..30.10
...30.10
co.30.10
)..30.06
...29.92
...30. 32
,..30.20
...30.28
la.S0.28
l. .30.14
...29.76
.. 42
C8 40 KW Clear .00
,C2 22 SW PtCldy .00
42 30 W Clear .02
70 36 E Clear- -.00
72 44 W Clear .00
84 50 N*W Clear .00
52 34 SW Clear .20
M 12 N Clear .00
OZ 40 W PtCldy .10
<52 46 NW Clear .00
46 36 NW Clear .00
CO 48 W Clear .00
70 48 "W Clear .00
« M W 'Clear .00
50 34 SW PtCldy .IS
48 34 W Cloudy T.
46 34 SW Cloudy .34
54 36 SW PtCldy .00
50 30 NW Clear .00
88 58 N Clear .00
-Articles—-. >: Open. •'• High' Low.
"Wheat, No. 2— .•••¦<¦
May '..:. . ... 72 . 72% 71%
July:.:.-. ... 72% . ' 73% 72%
September '.. 72 : 73 V4 71% ,,
: Corn, No.*; 2 — "-..' ;'
MaY "... . 59 "- L 61*1,4' - 5S%V
July ....... 59Vi" 5'J% 59
September .... 58% -59 '.: 5S%
Oats, No. 2 — . ..
May : ." . ; ..... 42% , %-. 42% 42 Vi
July. .... ... . , 34 v 34 33%
September .. -28% 29}& . 2S% X
' Mess Pork, per bbl— i . ¦ ' ' '.,
May ........10 42% 16 52% i 1C 37%
July .......16 62% 16 72% • 16 55
Lard, per .100 lfcs—
May ........ 9 50 • 9 CO 9 50
July ......... 9 (iO i . .'0 70 960,
September .. 0 72% • 9 SO * 0.72%
Short Ribs, rer 100 lbs— .
May ..:... ...8 S7% 8 00 8 85
July... 9 00 9 05. 8 87%
September ..'9 10 ' 9 12% 9 07%
Close.
72 "'si
; ' l 2 h
72%
' 58%
" 59%
58%
42%
34
r 29%
16 50
.16 67%
9 60
9 70 ;
9 80 :
8 90
9 02%
0 10PITTSBURG, April 9.— Major General
S. B. M. Young, who was to have ad
dressed a Grand Army gathering in Pitts
burg to-night, was taken sick at Phil
adelphia/while on his' way here. He is
suffering from a severe cold. .
General Young Is UL
A reliable authority here to-night said
the purchaser of the Choctaw, Oklahoma
and Gulf Railroad is the Rock Island
Company.
PHILADELPHIA, April 9.—Announce
ment was made to-day by Edward, B.
Smith & Co. of this city, bankers, that
the Choctaw, Oklahoma and Gulf Rail
road Company has been sold to Speyer &
Co., bankers, of New York.--
Choctaw Railroad Is Sold.
PENSACOIJA; 'April ; 9— Captain ' Sewell
C. ' Cobb died on Monday while.'on | a pleas
ure X trip ; off • Egmont ' Key , •) aged 75 • years.
The body was brought' here, to-day. - Cap
tain Cobb 1 was widely ; known through his
articles on the Nicaraguan canal.' -;.
Captain 1 SewellC. Cobb.
NEW YORK, April 9.— Oscar A. Schaef
fer, secretary, and treasurer of the W. H.
Baker Chocolate Company, committed sui
cide to-day at the offices of the company
on Wall street. He used a revolver. Schaef
fer was 28 years of age and married..: In
the morning he had made an appointment
with his i wife to , meet him at the office
at the close of business hours. She
reached the office a . few minutes after
the revolver- shot- was heard- and the
clerks had found Schaeffer sitting in his
chair dying. * ' ; ,
Plant System Will Be Sold.
CHICAGO, April 9.— The Record-Herald
to-morrow will say: /Upon the authority
of a. large; stockholder in the Plant sys
tem it is said that 'thev Pennsylvania in
terests » will soon acquire possession of
the Plant and Atlantic Coast line systems.
In this fact, it Is said, is to be found the
reason for the purchase ' by the Atlantic
Coast line of the Plant system which has
surprised the railroad world. Should the
Pennsylvania secure the two systems they
will' add a total of 3970 miles -of 'line,
bringing the total to 20,000 miles under one
control. 1 '^vStfmMtfeStBKUtStfSUBBtSS
Palace Hotel this afternoon. - It ia said
that Oakland, Fresno ' and Sacramento
will t each put in . a claim for - the honor
of • entertaining delegates - to > the league
convention of 1304.".. The convention honor
has ; already been '* accorded " to . three cit
ies i of the State— San Francisco,; Los An
geles and San, Jose.-* Senator Lukens of
Oakland is mentioned ' as a candidate for
president, of the league to succeed Aid en
Anclerson. v 4BMtod(IBnnnHMH
Young Treasurer Commits Suicide.
RED BLUFF, April 9.— County,'- Assessor
L.W. Valentine died this morning of con
sumption. He * was a brother of United
States District Attorney L. , H. Valentine
of ; Los Angeles., He; was weir known- in
the State and. especially in El' Dorado
County,, where he owned valuable mining
property.: ' ' , , . '
" CHICAGO, April 9.— Alexander C. \ Nev
ins, a well-known newspaper man; and of
late years telegraph editor of the Record-
Herald, died; to-day .of heart, failure.
NevinsV- health • had ¦ been bad for several
months, and two weeks ago it. was; found
necessary to perform an operation- In, or
der:to save'hls life. 'Although the'opera
tion 7 was successful;: he had 'become so
weakened. by sickness that he; was unable
to recover from the shock. ' •• v, ¦ ¦• * '
L.'W. Valentine.
Alex ; C: Nevins.
' BOSTON, April 9.— Mrs. Elizabeth Whit
tier Pickard : died at her residence here
this: afternoon. Her' father .' was the
younger brother of John Greenleaf Whit
tier and at . an : early, age she became a
member of the poet's household af Ames
bury. After the Civil War she taught in
the schools of the Freedmen at Richmond.
Va,',;Camden' and Charleston,. S. . C. ' Of
late years she had taken much interest in
the preservation and care of Whittler's
birthplace in Haverhill. • ; ' ¦;
Mrs. Elizabeth Whittier Pickard,
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
CHATEAU, Ind., April 0. — The • principal
business portion of CaseyvHle, 111., - was ¦ de
stroyed by flre last -night and the loss will
exceed $5O,0CO. ¦ ,
BLOOMINGTON. I1L, April 0.— The town of
Fisher, east of here, was «wept by flre to-day
All the business houses were destroyed, in
volving a loss ot $100,000.
MBLJBOURNE. Victoria. April 9. — It Is of
ficially announced that the wheat area sown
If the smallest In three years. .The production
U estimated at 8.012,762 bushels.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, April 9. — The' tariff
committee of the Federal House of Representa
tives has fixed the duty on cotton and linen
piece goods at S per cent ad valorem.
RENO. Nev., April 9. — An unknown man
committed suicide here last evening by crawl
ing in front of a -passing train.- He waa de
capitated. The man waa about 40 years of age.
VICTORIA. B." C." April 9.— The overdua
sugar tramp steamer Queen Mary arrived In
the Straits this morning • after a passage o!
forty days from Moji. She is bound to Van
couver from Java.
FALLS CITY,. Neb.. April 9.— F. Godflrnon.
assistant cashier of the First National Bank,
committed suicide last night by shooting him
s*li. In th* head. ' Despondency Is assigned as
the most probable cause.
MONTREAL April 9. — The- Canadian Pacific
Railway has purchased the Ottawa Northwest
ern Railway for $4,500,000 and win extend It
from Waltham, " Quebec, to Chalk River, thus
shortening the transcontinental route by thirty
miles. .
RED BLUFF, April 9. — A $5000 damage suit
has been filed in the Superior Court of Tehama
County ¦ against i the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company Dy Joseph Strlckler of Red Bluff, for
his little 8-year-old son. who loet both of hla
legs by being run over by a dining car last
April.- ' ¦ \--'
SPOKANE, April 9.— In the Federal court
this morning Captain J. de Vriea of 'the tramp
steamer Wilhelmlna, . entered a , plea uf nolle
contenders to the ¦ charge of having smuggled
three Chinese into this country at Port Town
send. Judge Han ford gave him the highest
fine allowed by law. $300. for each of the three
Chinese, . but did not add a prison sentence.-.
Every Woman Wants to Make Money
Go as . far as possible. Save the edge of
your dress skirt and your shoe uppers
by using S. H. & M. bias velveteen bind
ing. S. H. & M. stamped on the back of
every yard guarantees quality. . *
PORTSMOUTH. N. H.. April ».— There
was, an exciting - mix-up y of torpedo-boat
destroyers here to-day. The Crane, Fawn
and Teaser were in collision. In which the
Teaser was considerably damaged.
Destroyers in Collision.
MURPHYS, April 9.— As a result of
the i poisoning of the family of James
Glass of Douglas Flat by eating toad
stools yesterday. Laura Glass, 19 years of
age, is dead and the others are still in a
precarious condition. ,
Toadstools Cause a Death.
VISALIA, April 9.— Fred Morton was
killed to-night on the Zumwalt ranch,
six miles south of Visalia. Men were
blasting stumps out of the ground. Mor
ton.stood 200 feet from, a stump when .a
charge went off.- A piece of wood .'twelve
inches long and four; by eight inches
square was forced into his groin. He died
in great agony. -:. ¦'..>"' "/ .',.'". -.".....
Workman's Awful Death,
WASHINGTON, April 9.— By » strict
party Vote the Insular Committee of the
House to-day voted down a substitute
proposed by the Democratic members "to
establish a stable and . autonomous " Gov
ernment In the Philippines," and then,
by a like party vote, ordered a favorable
report on the measure prepared by the
Republican members establishing a com
plete form of civil Government for the
islands. Mr. Cooper will make the re
port to-morrow and will seek soon there
after to bring the measure before the
House. . -v EBaBB :—._!," .
Democratic Substitute Beaten.
' DAYTON, Ohio, April 9.— The All-
American Bowling Trio, made . up ¦ . of
crack bowlers from New York, Chicago
and one other city located in the Middle
West, "will visit all bowling centers west
of the Mississippi River to the Pacific
Slope. The tour, which will begin about
October 1, 1 will De arranged and managed
by Sam Karpf, secretary of the American
Bowling Congress. Stops of from two to
six days will be made at St. Paul, Minne
apolis, Butte, Seattle, Tacoma, Sacra
mento. San ¦ Francisco, ; Los Angeles,
Phoenix, -El' Paso. Denver,^Pueblo,-Colo
rado Springs, Lincoln, Omaha, Des
Molnes, Dubuque, Kansas City and St.
Louis. ¦ •'•-¦';...*':.''¦- ' •"' i ;::¦.';¦?.. »vr
Crack Bowlers to Come West.
McAuliffe was found dead on a sidewalk
near his home several weeks ago. He
had gone to visit relatives the previous
evening, and owing to the bruised con
dition of the body his friends declared
he had met with foul play. It transpired
that he had spent the night in the West
Forty-seventh Street Police Station on a
charge of drunkenness anil had been dis
charged in court the next morning. Ef
forts to trace his movements from the
court room have 'been continued by vari
ous persons and finally Police Commis
sioner Partridge took up the matter. Two
persons were found who declared they
caw a man answering the description of
ilcAullffe put into a cab at the station.
Others are said to declare they saw the
same man thrown from a vehicle near
where McAuliffe was found dead.
The officers attached to the West Forty
seventh Street station were paraded be
fore two of these men, Aaron Cohen and
John Lcnnon, at midnight. Both de
clared that Detective Sergeant James
tiernanwas one of the two men they
saw carrying a man from the door of' the
station house toward a cab standing at
tho curb. After the examination Assist
ant District Attorney Lord said no ar
rests would be made during the nlirht
Lcrd represented District Attorney Je
rome. Commissioner Partridge was not
represented at the station.
DETECTIVE IS NAMED
IN A MYSTERIOUS CASE
Sensational Features Now Begin to
Crop Out of the McAuliffe
Tragedy.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Continued ef
forts to solve the mystery of the death
of James McAuliffe, chief witness against
Warden McGlennan, who was convicted
and sent to Sing Sing tor failure to sup
press disorderly houses several months
ago, resulted in a sensation last midnight
at the West Forty-seventh Street Police
NEW YORK, April ;. 9. — The : annual
meeting of the Southern Pacific Company
was held here to-day. : All \ the ; retiring 'di
rectors'were re-elected except' Charles M.
Hays, who , resigned and ~ was • succeeded
by • -Former i- Judge ; William * D. ¦'¦ Cornish.
The total vote., cast at ' the meeting a was
1,573,692 shares ; out- of ; a : total : of 1,978,471.
The new board will probably meet .'to
morrow, . and :• it ; is understood < that; - all
the * present - officers, including President
E. \ H. ; Harriman, . will ¦ be : re-elected.
DETROIT, April; 9.— Just before .mid
night the', most \ brutal murder of ;• recent
years in this city was committed on
Thirteenth street, between j Antoinette
and McGraw streets- A" ; young girl who
has not yet been indentifled was. stabbed
and beaten to death. Her throat was cut
from ear to ear, a knife was thrust into
her brain behind the ear and a dent in
her forehead - showed' that she had been
clubbed. . A resident of the . neighborhood,
Harry Jewell," heard -vcries and', screams
and looking out saw a' man striking a girl
down. After, felling ¦ her and running
away a short distance Jewell says. the as
sailant turned again and renewed his-at
tack on her prostrate body. Jewell noti
fied the police, who found the girl . dead.
She was apparently a' working girl. Sev
eral people residing in the vicinity of ,;the
murder were taken to the morgue by the
police, but none of them dould identify
tho girl. ; No : trace; of her murderer has
been found. ' . • - • ¦ . "
Cornish' Elected a; Director.
Detroit by a Man Who
, Escapes. . .
YOUNG GIRL STABBED //
. AND BEATEN TO DEATH
Bitital Murder is j Committed' ¦ in
BUTTE, Mont., April . 9.— Mrs. Minnie
Grady, charged with drugging Mrs. Emma
Proulx, a rich widow, robbing, her of her
diamonds and leaving her to die by the
roadside in the country, has made ajfull
statement and confession to Chief of
Police Reynolds, admitting all that Is
charged. She said, it was her intention
to give Mrs. Proulx enough poison to kill
her and that after taking her, diamonds,
while she was unconscious and In con
vulsions, she left. Mrs. Proulx in the
buggy alone and walked back to the city.
When charged with having caused the
death of her husband and fifteen-year-old
son about a year ago she exhibited no
emotion, but denied that she did. She
said two physicians had performed' an
autopsy on her husband and determined
that his sudden death was from natural
causes, but the two doctors deny." It. -The
p 4 olice . and ' County Attorney, have decided
to have the bodies, exhumed and ex
amined. It develops that Mrs. Grady
had the lives of both insured and collected
$5000 insurance. She has also insured the
lives of three other small children in her
own favor. The police are expecting some
startling disclosures and believe that Mrs.
Grady will make further confession;..-'*'
and the Police Expect More
Startling Disclosures.
ADMITS SHE POISONED X
AND ROBBED A WOMAN
i /
Montana Woman Makes Confession
During the day Messrs. McCormick and
Sproule, In company with President Breu
ner. of the Chamber of Commerce, visited
the points of interest in and about this
city, ending with a trip to Fair Oaks.
They were favorably impressed by what
they had seen. At to-night's meeting
they were assured of the co-operation of
the business interests of this city in the
efforts to be v made for the development
of the resources of this section of the
State. . . ...
' SACRAMENTO, April 9— E. O. McCor
mick,' passenger traffic tmanager, and
William Sproule,. freight traffic manager,
of the Southern Pacific Company, were
guests of the Sacramento .Chamber of
Commerce in the Sutter Club to-night.
The railroad officials addressed a largely
attended meeting of the business men of
,this locality relative to the plans of the
Southern Pacific Company ;for the de
velopment of this section of the State.
They advised those present as to how
they should proceed In their efforts to
bring to Central and Northern. California
persons from the East and elsewhere in
search of opportunities 'for profitable in
vestments. Mr. McCormick said that
stop-over privileges would be granted all
tourists passing through this city, there
by affording them the opportunity of ex
amining into the resources of Central
and Northern California.
ber of Commerce.
With the Capital City Cham-
Southern Pacific Officials Counsel
PLAN FOR DEVELOPMENT
OF SACRAMENTO VALLEY
BONDS TO BE ISSUED
FOR RAILROAD PURCHASE
Harriman Is Said to Be Behind a
. New Project in
Mexico.
SALT LAKE. April 9. "-At a meeting
of the stockholders of. the National Rail
road of Mexico held: in this city ..'to-day
the bond issue . to ; provide ; for the ; pur
chase of ' the ¦ Mexican ' National and other
roads^waa /authorized. *;TheU new
ties f are* provided for as follows:' Prior
lien 4V4 per centgold bonds " not to ex^
ceed $23,000,000; first consolidated . mort
gage not to exceed $90,000,000. Five addi
tional directors were elected, as follows;
Charles T. . Smith,-' Joseph de Joso de
Landa y Escandon, Robert' P. Easton, E.
N. Brown and Carl Smith, all of the City
of Mexico. ' E.- : N. : Brown was . elected
third vice president and general manager
of the company. The stockholders . also
ratified other acts of: the old .• board of
directors, including the i construction of
the El Sal to division, the • purchase ' of
new equipment and the standard gauging
of the National. The company was in
corporated! under the laws of Utah * In
February. It Is believed that E. H. Har
riman is the main factor in the proposed
new system.
It is said that Count von Bulow will
seek the consent of Austria to give Italv
economical advantages, without which she
would be reluctant to renew the triple al
liance. :
GERMANY'S CHANCELLOR
ARRIVES IN VIENNA
Count von Bulow's Visit Will Allay
Irritation Because of Former
Indiscretion.
VIENNA. April 9,— Count von Bulow,
the German imperial Chancellor, arrived
here this evening. Besides his immediate
purpose concerning the triple alliance
Count von Bulow's visit to Vienna has
the further object of allaying the irrita
tion which resulted from his failure to
visit Vienna when he was appointed im
perial Chancellor.
It appears, continues the Eclair, that
the Siamese Government has also pre
vented the sale of an estate at Bangkok
which the French Minister wished to
purchase for a legation. Tho 'King of
Slam is believed to be acting under Brit
ish Influence. Cambodia Is a French pro
tectorate and borders Slam on the east.
a tax on the inhabitants of the Cambodian
Islands, where his agents have been guilty
of other Incorrect acts. The French Min
ister at Bangkok, the capital of Slam.
having heard of the King's efforts, sent
the French gunboat Comete "after the
royal flotilla. This put an end to the
King's enterprises.
PARIS, April 10.— The Eclair this morn
ing says that it has heard that about a
month ago the King of Slam, under the
pretext of a pleasure cruise, tried to levy
Tax on the Cambodian
Islanders.
FRANCE VERY WROTH
AT THE KING OF SIAM
Ruler Is Caught Trying to Levy a
Washington— Increase: Arthur M.
Richardson. Shelton, $12; Simon Terw'ITi
ger, Seattle, $10. Mexican War— "Widows :
Mary M. Longmeir, Olympia, $8. -:. ,:
Captain William J. S. Stewart, assist
ant surgeon, now at Fort Slocum, N. Y.,
has been ordered to San Francisco for
duty on a Government transport when a
vacancy shall occur. First Lieutenant
Seaborne G. Chiles, Eleventh Infantry,
will report to Colonel Jacob B. Rawles,
president of the examining board at 8an
Francisco, for examination for promotion.
First Lieutenant Christian A. Bach, re
cently appointed and assigned to the
Seventh Cavalry, will report to the com
manding general. Department of Califor
nia, for duty until the arrival of his regi
ment In the United States. ;
? —
Oregon— Original: Daniel R. Cone, Mc-
Minnville, $6. Increase— John Bishop,
Oakland. $10. Widows— Emma George,
Deer Island. $8.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original: John S. McEwen, San
Jose. $8. Increase: John H. Schnitt. Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; William
M. Tompkins, San Francisco, $6; John B.
Picrpont, San Francisco. $8. Mexican
War— Austin Truitt, Soldiers' Home, Los
Angeles, $12; William C. Reed, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; Thomas Beebe,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; Fred
erick H. Brown, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12; Henry B. Thompson, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; James
Harron, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Mortimer K. Pierce, Edgwood, $12; John
Spencer. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12. War with Spain— John E. Broderlck,
8an Francisco, $24. Widows— Elizabeth J.
Reynolds (mother), French Camp, $12.
Postmasters commissioned — California:
Agnes M. Drahms, San Quentin. Wash
ington: Ellen Seraon, Cedar Mountain;
Ruel W. Williams.) Quincy. Appointed-
Oregon: W. H. Kirby, Geiser, Baker
County, vice L. L. Foster, resigned.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The Post
office Department to-day announced the
following: Postoflice established: Oregon
—Lost Valley, Wheeler County, a pre
vious order discontinuing this office re
scinded. Washington— Quincy, Douglas
County. Discontinued, April 15: Wash
ington — Phoenix, Spokane County, mail to
Spokane: Steptce, Whitman County,
mail to Eau Claire.
and More New Pensions
; :/ Issued. .
•
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
and others. ¦HMMn
NOON RECESS.
2 p. m. — "Diphtheria Regulations," by Dr.
W." H. Kellogg, city bacteriologist of San Fran
cisco. Discussion by Dr. , H. A. L. Ryfkogel
ot San Francisco, and others.
2:40 p. m. — "Smallpox," by Dr. H. E. South
worth of Stockton. Discussion by Dr. J. T.
Kltchlnga of Oakland. Dr. J.'G. Morrissey of
San Francisco," and others.
3:20 p. m. — "Tuberculosis Regulations," by
Dr. Edward von Adelung and Dr. "William
Simpson, health officer of Santa Clara County.
Discussion by Dr. William S. Porter.
4 p. m. — "Venereal Diseases," by Dr. J. M.
Williamson of San Francisco. Discussion.
4:40 p. m. — Special business.
A convention of health officials and san
itarians of California will be held in the
rooms of . the Board of Health in the
City Hail " on Monday next. The Board
of Health of Oakland has taken the initia
tory in a movement to organize a public
health society for the purpose of meet
ing annually to discuss sanitary condi
tions and recommend legislation thereon.
The programme of the convention, which
will begin at 10 a. m.» follows:
10 a. * m. — Organization.
" 10:40 a. m. — "Mlllc Production Under Hy
gienic Conditions," by Professor A. . R. Ward
of thfr University of California. Discussion by
Professor Leroy Anderson. University of Cali
fornia. Mr. Glazier and others.
11:20 a. m. — "Food Inspection," by Fred E.
Pierce, D. V. S.. city meat, market and mlllt
inspector and veterinary surgeon of Oakland.
Discussion by Dr. W. C. Hassler. chief sani
tary inspector of San Francisco, Major Robert
son. - chief food Inspector of San Francisco.
"WTLIi HOLD PUBLIC
HEALTH CONVENTION
Officials of the State Will Meet to
Discuss the Betterment of Sani
tary Conditions.
Welch, who was 70 years of age, had
never married. Yesterday on his death
bed he had a deed made by • which he
conveyed • to Mrs. Alvas his • home at the
corner of Orchard and Coif ax streets. The
gift is wovth probably $1500. ' Welch was a
native of . Pennsylvania. ,
SAN JOSE, April 9.— A kindness of
thirty years ago was rewarded by Daniel
H. Welch, a pioneer citizen of this county,
on his ! deathbed yesterday. Thirty years
ago Welch met an accident on Guadalupe
Creek, being ; rendered unconscious end
suffering the fracture of a' leg. A little
Spanish girl, now Mrs. Esequia Alvas, of
this city, found him lying unconscious'
where he had been all night, and she and
her grandmother removed him to their
home and nursed him back to life.-Fif
teen years ago Welch met with another
accident, in which his arm ; was broken,
and Mrs. Alvas again cared for. him..
EXPIRING MAN REPAYS
KINDNESS OF LONG AGO
Bishop Horowitz was born in Poland a
hundred years ago, , of orthodox Jewish
• parentage.- He. met a beautiful Austrian
girl, with whom, he. fell in love.. Deter
mined to win her for his bride, he was
converted to the tenets of the Greek Cath
olic Church and changed his name,, but
the girl's father sternly forbade the
union. > His own people repulsed him and
he left -home, ultimately accepting a
charge in Los Angeles, California, where
he amassed a fortune, in the meantime
being raised to a bishopric. When 80 years
old he died. His will left a vast estate to
his heirs, but there was nothing. to tell
who the heirs were or where they .-were
located; . Each' year for nineteen years
past there have been advertisements
printed 'throughout the United States,
particularly' In German and Austrian pa
pers, seeking for heirs to these millions.
lationship to Former Greek
Catholic Prelate.
NEW YORK, April 9.— Seeking to prove
himself one of the heirs of the fortune ot
$43,000,000 left by Martin Horowitz, Bishop
of the Greek Catholic Church in Califor
nia, who died nearly twenty years ago,
Simoh 'Horowitz has engaged attorneys,
who are now seeking to establish his rela
tionship.
SEEKS GREAT FORTUNE
' OF A DECEASED' BISHOP
New Yorker "Will Try to Prove Re-
After the Owl train had passed south
ward. Baggageman A. A. Van "Winkle
left the baggage-room to attend to his
duties in the ticket office. The electric
lights in front of the building were at
that time turned out and the front of the
building was left in darkness. The
thieves were, in consequence, able to
work without -much chance of detection.
Entrance ¦ was effected by breaking the
heavy lock 'from the baggage-room door
with a piece of iron. - -<•-;:
-One of -the four heavy valises- opened
belonged to General • Shaf ter, - who ¦< bad
left for the north on the 8:30 o'clock
train. -The* general'* baggage was over
looked by the baggageman and did not
get aboard, the train. In the valise was
a dress suit, but it evidently did not
prove a fit for any. of ' the robbers, as it
was left spread out on the ground beyond
the tracks, where it had been carried with
the mutilated valise.
BAKERSFIELD, April 9. — Burglars
broke into the Southern Pacific baggage
room in Kern City - last night and cut
open four mail sacks and slashed the tops
from a number of valises, but took away
nothing of value. There were no regis
tered packages in v the mail. and only one
letter was torn open by the thieves. This
contained nothing of value. -
Contents Behind,
Kern City Depot, but Leave
Thieves Steal Veteran's Valise From
GENERAL SHAFFER'S SUIT
TOO LAORGE FOR BURGLAR
Babbitt says but little work can be
done now in the Dewey mine, as the
mill is idle because of "inability to get
fuel. Miners are opening- up the rich ore
and letting it stand, throwing the lower
grade over the dump. "We have trouble
keeping the miners employed," he said,
"because we can run "but a few feet in
any direction through the medium grade
ore without encountering the rich stuff
and we have to leave it standing."
"Practically everything there assays
¦well." said Babbitt. "By mistake some
blackish mudlike stuff got in with a -lot
of samples being assayed at the Dewey
mill. The assayer put it through and ft
essayed over 57 a ton. I picked up some
stuff one day that was like putty. Warm
ing in my hand, it began to run off like
quicksilver. For fun, I had it assayed,
and it ran considerably over $100 a t«n."
In one instance a group of more than
a dozen claims was located by digging
through the snow. Locaters had to find
quartz to tie their locations to and bur
rowed aimlessly through the snow in
6earch of places to set up discovery
stakes, which must be in mineral-bearing
ore. In every instance they dug Into a
rich ledge. He saw them and made as
says from the ore, which ran high. Per
haps at no time in the history of mining
development in the West has such a
thing occurred.
BOISE, Idaho, April 9.— Thomas D.
Babbitt, superintendent of the Dewey
mines at Thunder Mountain, who has
arrived from the gold fields after a haz
ardous trip, confirms the reports of rich
strikes there and of the excitement, both
in the camp and on the trail. He says
gold strikes have been made, reports of
which he would discredit but that he
saw them with his own eyes. He tells
of some very rich discoveries being made
by random digging through the snow.
Hine Superintendent Declares He
Has Proof of the Region's
Great Richness.
GOLD IN THE SNOW
AT THUNDER MOUNTAIN
"As soon as he can.be found, Morehead
will be arrested," said Attorney Marcuse.
Mrs. Ennis has placed her affairs in
the hands of Attorney George: Samuels.
The creditors have called a meeting to
decide what shall: be done with the res
taurant, which has been doing a • good
business. Morehead w«is for ¦ five years
head steward at the Palace Bakery, and
only recently retired as president of -the
Cocks' and Walters' Union of this city.
The widow explained to-day that she
had trusted Morehead because of his
long, experience .in the restaurant busi
ness. It was her capital that was to be
used in refitting' the place, which ¦ was
formerly the - Philadelphia Restaurant,
one of ' Oakland's old-time eating-houses.
But the returns show that Morehead
used his credit to the extent of $1300 or
Sl4i.ii. and, tit is charged, did not- put all
of the widow's (gold into the business. ..
It was upon her bill of sale that More
bead negotiated the chattel mortgage.'
The widow first learned that matters
were not right last week, when More
head was in San Francisco, claiming ho
was ill. Bills that Mrs. Ennis supposed
had been paid' wer* /"presented. -When
Morehead returned he was asked for ex
planations. He promised to rectify mat
ters, and secured from - Mrs. Ennis - a bill
of sale of her half interest in the restaur
ant. She was to receive $900 at once of
the^ money she had invested. Monday
came, but Morehead had vanished.
Left behind is '.Mrs. ¦Millie Ennis,' relict
of William C. Ennis, a fireman j who lost
his life last August While fighting flames
in a North Oakland cottage. All Ennia
had for his wife and' children was : *a $2000
insurance policy in the Ancient Order of
United ; Workmen. Of that: money 11900
was intrusted to Morehead by the. widow
to invest in the restaurant business. ¦ . •.
It was' disclosed to-day that he had
fled and had made rapid use of his I timvs'
during the few montns the ; partnership
has existed. • The . creditors* ' headed by
the Theodore ' Gier Company, the Buffalo
Brewery and Goldberg, : Bowen & Co.,
have placed their affairs in the hands of
Attorney Max Marcuse. . Mrs.'Enhis has
given over the restaurant -to them. •"-". ,¦'
On Monday Morehead gave : a- chattel
mortgage on the restaurant to P. Bakar,
Sixth-street butcher, who loaned him $400
That was the last j seen of .the missing
restaurateur. It was from explanations
made by Mrs. Ennis that the- creditors
discovered the last transaction. - : . - ; ,-
Accused of robbing a widow of her. late
husband's small estate, charged wllh
swindling \ many J merchants {¦ of ; Oakland
and culminating his (misdeeds, by defraud
ing a money lender, George Morehead,
one" of .the; proprietors of the. Oakland
Cafe, at; Broadway and Eleventh
is a fugitive. ; : : ;. : ;':'' ¦ J-\-, '¦>. ' '':';¦' ."':¦, ¦ '. - : "•''
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. ; : ; 1118 Broadway," April 9. "-
For president— Miss Florence Cham
preux 34, Miss Abby Sanborn 9; secretary
—Miss Pearl Dewing 21, Miss Virginia
Whitehead 15, Miss Violet Judy 7: treasur
er, Mias Margaret French (no contest.)
The Choral Society, the women's mu
sical, organization, also elected officers to
day, the vote resulting as follows:
She must be an athletic woman, and
this year the office has fallen to Miss Put
nam, who for the last two terms has been
manager of the archery department of tho
club. She is also an enthusiastic boat
woman and fond of all outdoor sports.
Miss Putnam is a junior in the college of
social science. • •
According to the constitution of the
Associated Women Students the first vie©
president Is manager of the Sports and
Pastime Club, which includes all the ath
letic organizations of the co-eds. •¦ •
The new officers will be Installed on
April 12, although they will not assume
their duties until next term. The presi
dent is the head of all women student af
fairs and Is always an active leader in
the social life of the co-eds and of the col
lege in general. Miss Grace Barnett will
succeed Miss Grace Woods in this > office.
Miss Barnett is a junior in the college of
natural sciences and her home ia in thlar
city.
There were no contests for secretary or
treasurer and the offices fell to Miss Alice
Phillips and Miss Martha Rice respec
tively.
. Miss Gertrude Davidson, 221; Miss. Mar
garet Henderson, 215; Miss Ruby Cunning
ham, 211; Miss Edna Wilde, 205; . Mid3
Ethel Ratcliffe, 195.
In the vote for the directors of the Art
Association the ballots were cast as fol
lows, the first four named being elected:
Miss Evans. 100; Miss Martha Cilker, 61;
Miss May Walker, 56; Miss Grace Moody,
32; Miss Carrie Stevenson, 16. -
For first vice president there was no
contest and Miss Mary Putnam received
that position. Miss -_'• Edith Evans waa
elected second vice president over four
other candidates, the vote being:
BERKELEY, April 9.— The Associated
Women Students of . the University of
California elected officers ' to-day for tho
coming year. Several positions werd
closely contested, particularly that of
president,. for' whfch there were two can
didates. The choice for this office fell to
Miss Grace Barnett, ' who received 130
votes, as against. 125 for illss Abbie Wa
terman. . -.
. The ; Young -.Men's -Republican League
Club of the Thirty-eighth District was or
ganized last /Thursday at 1238 Fillmore
street. . Judge John D. Parson presided
The meeting .was largely attended and it
was announced that" the • membership
.numbered 400. < The officers elected were :
President; Prescott L. . Archibald; vice
president, C. : '.T. Shaw, ; and secretary,
Thomas Johnstone. y . :. . •••¦.- ¦ .,
¦-It: was decided that the district roll will
be left at 1248 Fillmore street. A-commit
tee -Consisting of Franklin K. Spencer
William; Ryan .and Vincent J.- Donovan
was ;¦ appointed ; on- permanent 'headquar
ters'and it; was: resolved :that the formal
openings of the league, will take place on
April 16; .immediately . after the - adjourn
ment of. the State Convention of Repub
lfcan t League ". Clubs/;' on which ¦; occasion
the- new organization will celebrate with
a high jinks../;, y'"". : .....
, ' ; : .; Union League Club.
.' The- delegates chosen* to represent the
Union League Club , at .' the San t Jose " con
vention •- met ' last night { and organized '. by
the election of 'Lieutenant Governor Jacob
H.~r Neff * chairman. ' E. ; F." Delger vice
'< chairman' and , Ed • J.* : Smith \ secretary. 1 -It
was .-announced, positively, that 'all ¦_ the
delegates would go i to San Jose. . ,'- «
- Word : comes from ; the south 'that eleven
clubs ~ from .< Los -Angeles County,' headed
by ,' s ex-Governor ¦Markham,- -.will; attend
the s convention.";*:V.. ' \i "¦_',¦ : . ,
¦% ' San 1 : Jpse '-*
. Alden Anderson; president of : the : State
League ? of i Republican Clubs,; arrived ' in
the^ city from 'Suisun ; last : evening. He
will go. to San Jose next Friday and re
main "there* until the biennial i convention
adjourns: i' There will be a : meeting of .the
executive committee of the league at the
Thirty District.
-The Republican Primary League has no
candidate - for Governor, but it is deter
mined to send to the State convention men
representing* the best citizenship of the
Republican party.' The league will send
no trading or purchasable delegations to
Sacramento. The sentiment of ' the or
ganization .: is : against all bosses. Ex
pressions at the : meetlng last night con
vinced, all .who. heard. the campaign dis
cussed that there would be -no compro
tnise or alliance . with boss elements.
While this large and expanding I organiza
tion has- no candidate for Governor, Jus
tice; of the Supreme Court or for any
other office, : the fact Is vividly recalled
that Governor Gage last August Joined
hands with the allied > bosses and Demo
cratic rounders; to fight the league ticket.
If any: cunning political trickster should
attempt to deliver a Primary League del
egation: to. the, bosse3 or. to a special can
didate, of the bosses a storm . of - resent
ment would : f ollow.~ :s2H3S
Charles , M. Reeves, ¦- secretary of .the
committee on legislation. for the St. Louis
World's Fair, who is touring. the State in
the Interest of ¦ the fair, has apparently
caught on to the drift ot political sen
timent. ¦ While in Stockton Tuesday
night he remarked: "I take It that Gov
ernor Gage has few supporters in this
part of the State. . One could see that the
Chamber of. Commerce directors and Su
pervisors were opposed to his having any
chance to appoint a fair commission."
Will Send Good Delegates,
All the Republican bosses, backed- by
the Gage administration, and air army
of 1 ; Democratic rounders: were lined up at
the- last primary - election to defeat the
delegated nominated by the Republican
Primary League. ¦ In . the face of ; this
combined . opposition the league carried
several- districts and made a close fight
in many other districts. If the Republi
can citizens had been permitted to set
tle the contest among, themselves the
league delegates would 1 , have triumphed
in at least fourteen of ,the eighteen As
sembly districts* : Members of the Repub
lican Primary * League enter the guberna
torial campaign with renewed - strength
and confidence. It is well -understood at
the 1 outset that Democrats propose to vote
for. Republican delegates at the primaries
next August, and they promise- now to
vote the Gage ticket, hoping to gain. the
advantage of a ¦ weak' adversary \ at the
general election in November.-; The Dem
ocrats are 'getting apprehensive that Gage
will lose*the : nomination, and that they
will be forced to meet a United Republi
can party, at the polls in , November. • .:¦ - ;
Opposed to All 'Bosses.
: After," the business . of the .evening .had
been -'transacted speeches^ on the welfare
of the league and the best means of. se
curing a triumph of pure politics . In the
coming . campaign ; were - made. Remarks
were made by J. G. Boyne, V\ ; T. Pease,
Gustav Schnee; H.C Langrehr, John Mc-
Glynn, J.B. Sykes.rJohn W. Rogers, Cap
tain I. W. Lees, Colonel R. B." Treat, Em
met Barrett. Thomas Duff, Samuel
Strauss, S. ... Bloom, A. . Ruef and 7 Thomas
A. Woodward. .:• -...;;-; t\i-sfz •>
An enthusiastic . preliminary, meeting of
the f members of the Republican Primary
League i was . held „• last .night in ; the
league's 'new. headquarters , r at- 16. Geary
street. - The meeting'.was called for the
purpose of outlining : a plan of action ; for
the approaching, campaign, " to • get the
members ! into -line and to arouse their
interest ... in; securing clean primaries.
Every district ! in: the city was represent-:
ed-at the meeting "and the greatest in
terest .was- displayed. - .;.->¦ ; r ¦_' V ; >;' ., ,
. In- regard ¦ to -the convention ¦ at San
Jose, it was:;; decided that: the league
should be represented by a .full" delega
tion, of 832 .delegates : and alternates. »<A
train of ten. cars will be secured and the
delegation will - be headed by a band:
When the train arrives in San* Jose Mon
day forenoon, the delegates from this city
will" -be- met at "the~ station by. another
band and * a grand ~ parade will be held
through the streets of the Garden City.
Each of the delegates will; wear a badge
showing, that ,he is , a representative of
the. ¦ Republican Primary League of this
city;...;;:.:-.:. •':/.::.•".¦:. ¦¦:' •¦•¦¦¦. -;
.As to the future policy that, the league
shall pursue, it was decided not to adopt
any .iron-clad ; rules,. but to : leave the
league in a position to support the anti
boss policy which will appear best.calcu
lated to secure clean and hortest govern
ment for the" city and State. The. league,
further i decided not to pledge its support
to any i candidate and to send an un
pledged anti-boss delegation to the Re
publican convention at Sacramento. -
,.: One of • the most important steps taken
at the; meeting was the appointment of
a central committee of 180 members, ten
being selected from each district. This
committee Is to act In conjunction with
the board of directors of the "Primary
League. It • is expected' that by having
a large committee and -allowing each dis
trict representation the • will - of ¦ the
people will : be better served and the wel
fare of the ' city at large will, be* more
likely" to toe kept in view. There were
two vacancies on the board of directors,
caused by the resignation of.- Mayor
Schmitz and Grove Ay res. previous to the
last municipal election. Abe Ruef an
nounced that Frank Schmitz, brother of
the Mayor, had been selected to fill the
position of , his 'relative on the board,
while Major HughSlme had been, chosen
to succeed • Mr. • Ayres. . if* '.
¦ A .resolution was unanimously adopted
with the greatest .enthusiasm commend
ing the work performed by Congressman
Julius Kahn 'in- securing the passage of
the -Chinese exclusion act in the House
of < Representatives: • The league instruct
ed its secretary to . telegraph - its congrat
ulations to the California Congressman.
The members declared themselves as be
ing, emphatically anti-Chinese.: ,
It was the sense of .the meeting that
the members of the league should at once
commence "active campaigning and the
work, of gathering . into line all : the Re
publicans who are . opposed : to boss rule
and machine politics. It was decided to
inaugurate this work with a grand house
warming at the league' s new .. headquar
ters at 16 Geary street on next Saturday
night. Good speakers will be secured. for
the occasion. Refreshments will be served
and a good, old-fashioned Republican ral
ly i will be held. < All the members of the
league are .expected to: attend .and to
bring* their friends. The league^has se
cured very • commodious headquarters. ¦ L.
E.'Savaee has been" elected- as secretary,
and will be on hand with the membership
roll to record the names of new members.
"It is simply Intended to let the island
ers share the responsibility. They cannot
undo what has been done, hence it only
signifies further delay, which nobody
wants. The people have had enough of
the enormously harmful and demoraliz
ing effects of the question. Therefore,
they all wish to have it settled forever.
The high contractors having ¦ agreed on
the matter, let the executive end the in
tolerable situation." ¦ . • " ..-¦
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., April 9.-The
St. Thomas Bulletin, In Its comments on
the proposed blebiscite of the Danish
West Indies, says:
Swenson ' declines to become involved
in the Christmas-Gron quarrel.- The Min
ister's name has never been connected
with the scandals and it is asserted that
Christmas is now trying to secure Swen
son's influence in order to help himself
out of a- predicament. b
To-days session of the Landsthing was
very exciting. The opposition moved to
reject the treaty outright, but the mo
tion was lost by 28 to 35. The majority
report is understood to be couched in ex
treme terms, for the purpose of exact
ing some concessions on the. part of the
Folkething. The United States Minister
to Denmark, Swenson,. ignores the .com
munications which Captain Christmas
has addressed to him, denying the alleged
bribery of Congressmen.
The Landsthing will vote on the report
in open session next week, when the
question will be returned to the Folke
thing (or lower house), which has al
ready ratified' the treaty without , provid
ing for a plebiscite. A conference com
mittee will then be appointed, and it is
thought possible that this will eventually
result in the adoption of the report sub
mitted by the eight independents.
Twenty-two supporters -of the Govern
ment signed the minority repbrt, which
is in tavorof the ratincatlon of the
treaty without a. plebiscite; - The inde
pendent group, ' aggregating eight ¦ mem
bers, signed a third report, advocating
the ratincation of the. treaty with a sub
sequent plebiscite of the entire popula
tion. " .¦ • i-. . ¦ ;¦ v-.-.v-i
The Landsthing majority report, which
was . signed by thirty-five members, rec
ommends: the ratification of the ; treaty
after'a secret vote by electors who are
qualified to vote for members - . of the
Colonial Council of the Danish West
Indies. These electors ; are . ' holders of
property worth 2000 kroner i and upward.
The plebiscite heretofore demanded in
volved the entire population, including
the negroes, so that the proposals are
much modified. " \
COPENHAGEN, April 9.-The Lands
thing (or upper house) of the Danish;
Parliament concluded its secret debate
on the treaty providing for the sale -of
the Danish West Indian Islands to the
United States. A report will be pre
sented to Parliament .in open session at
an early date. • .. v '
A mere accident exposed the substitu
tion that was afterward practiced. Dep
uty United States Marshal George H.
Burnham was In the photograph gallery
in charge of a Chinese girl who was hav
ing her portrait taken. He saw the real
Mah Foo in Duffy's custody sitting for
his photograph. A short time thereafter
Burnham returned to the Marshal's of
fice and saw an old, decrepid Chinaman
sitting in the prisoners' room. He was
informed that this old man— the John Doe
of • the Btory — was Mah Foo, and he was
shown the photograph of John Doe af
fixed to the writ of - habeas corpus. Both
Burnham and Blackburn swore on the
stand yesterday that the prisoner was
not the Mah Foo who arrived on the
Coptic, who was placed in chaTge of
Duffy and who sat for his picture in the
photograph gallery. -
No evidence was introduced for the de
fense. John Doe was ordered to> appear
on Saturday morning for sentence.
; The story, as told by the witnesses, was
to the following effect; On the steam
ship Coptic, which arrived July 26, 1901,
came a coolie named Mah Foo in transit
to the City of . Mexico. . Customs Col
lector Stratton suspected that Mah Foo
intended to subsequently cross the bor
der Into the United States, and he • ac
cordingly denied Mah Foo's petition to
be allowed to pass through this country.
A writ "of habeas corpus was issued Jan
uary 30 of -this year, and, in pursuance
of the. writ. Mason S. Blackburn, Gov
ernment watchman at the Chinese de
tention shed on the Mail dock, turned
over the genuine • Mah Foo- to Express
man'Duffy to be taken to a photographic
gallery for his portrait, and thence to
the office of the United States Marshal, j
Doe, alias Man . Foo,. a Chinese,
was convicted by a jury yesterday In the
United States District Court of the crime
of aiding and abetting in the illegal land
ing, of -Mah Foo, a Chinese coolie not
entitled to be landed under the provi
sions of the exclusion act. The evidence
was conclusive, and there was no defense.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Benjamin . L. McKlnlay represented
the Government and T. C. .West' the de
fendant.-. • -
Nothing in the law will sanction a resort to
force or violence or intimidation by a show of
force, in aid or furtherance of any trade dis
pute, or make innocent or non-punishable any
act done (aside from the mere making of an
agreement or contract) that Is otherwise pun
ishable as a crime.
It will be a criminal conspiracy to contract,
combine or agree to do any act In constraint
of interstate and foreign commerce if such act
would be criminal when actually committed by
one person acting alone.
It will be a crime for two or more person*
to contract, combine or agree to do any act
In restraint of Interstate and foreign com
merce which is criminal when committed by
one pereon acting alone.
No injunction or restraining order will law
fully issue based solely on such contract, com
blnaticn or agreement.
It will not be a criminal conspiracy for two
or more persons merely to contract, combine
or agree to do an act in restraint of Inter
state or forelm commerce If such act would
not be criminal If actually committed by one
person acting alone.
If thiE bill becomes a law, in all labor dis
putes between employes and employers, the
following: conditions will exist:
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The House
Committee on Judiciary, through Chair
man Ray, to-day filed its report of the
bill popularly known as the Hoar-Gros
venor anti-injunction and anti-conspiracy
bill. The measure has attracted wide
spread attention in labor and railroad cir
cles. Ray's report summarizes its pur
poses as follows:
During an anti-Catholic riot at Ghent
several persons were Injured and a num
ber arrested. Troops were called out to
quell the troubles.
LIEGE, Belgium, April.?. — A procession
of 1500 persons met the delegation of
Spanish Republican deputies who were
expelled from Brussels, when they arrived
at the railroad station here. The Span
iards were given a riotous welcome, but
the gathering was {dispersed by the po
lico. Four persons were injured.
The Minister of War has ordered the
militia reserves, of eighteen regiments to
be in readiness to rejoin the colors, and
gendarmes, of all the divisions are held
in instant readiness to march wherever re
quired.
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day M.
Furnemont, Socialist, save notice .of his
intention to interpellate the Government
on what he termed a "gross breach of in
ternational hospitality" in expelling the
Spanish deputies.
The smashing of windows, revolver fir
ing and other disorders continued
throughout the evening. A crowd of riot
ers marching toward the suburb of
Schaerbeek drove three policemen into it
cafe. The rioters looted this cafe and
wounded all three of the policemen by
revolver shots. Reinforcements of gen
darmes have been sent to Schaerbeek.
A thousand Socialists to-night attended
a meeting at the Maison du Peuple and
afterward marched to Sentin street,
where they stonedi the house of a Cath
olic deputy. The police. charged the riot
ers with drawn swords. Several of the
latter were severely injured and twenty
were arrested.
The Socialists had collected at the rail
road station to bid farewell to the mem
bers of a delegation of cjpanisn republican
deputies wno had attended the riocialist
gatherings here, and wno had partici
pated in last nignt's demonstration. Tne
police this morning informed the Span
iards that they must leave UrusseiS forth
with, and the delegates were escorted to
the station by a large gathering of So
cialists bearing red Hags. Tne King hap
pened to arrive at tne same time and
nad difficulty in getting his automobile
out of the crowd, but he finally found
an opening and passed his pursuers.
BRUSSELS, April 9.— King Leopold was
mobbed by Socialists this afternoon on
his arrival here from Biarritz. The meet
ing- between the Socialists and the King
was quite accidental, but it was none the
less unpleasant for his Majesty, whose
automobile was surrounded by excited So
cialists, who shouted, "Long live, the
republic," -"Long live universal suffrage,"
and waved red nags in the -King's face.
Miss Grace Barnett Is Made
Head of Affairs Among
College Girls.
Deputy United States Marshal
Accidentally Spoils
the Plot .-'¦ •
Rioters Wave Incendiary
Flags in Face of His
Majesty.
Creditors of Oakland Ca fe
. Are .Now Looking for *
¦ George Morehead.
Purposes of the Measure
Are Outlined by Con- j
gressmen.
Plebiscite in 1h9 West Indies
- Is Not Now Recom- /
mended.
No .Candidate for Governor
and- No Politics With |
. the Machine.
Primary League Goes to
Battle -With
Leopold Happens- to
Meet a Brussels
House Committee Re
ports the Anti-Con
spiracy Bill
Mrs. Millie 'Ennis/ Says
• Her Missing/ Partner :
Swindled Her.; ;-
Danish Upper House Dis
cusses the Sale of
Islands.
Women Students Ballot
for Officers at Uni
versity.
Failure of Clever Plan to
' Substitute Old Man
Sir for a Youth.
ROBS A WIDOW
OF HER MITE
FALSE MAH FOO
IS CONVICTED
"REDS" PURSUE
BELGIUM'S KING
CO-EDS MEET
AT THE POLLS
LAW MAY END
LABOR DISPUTES
READY TO FIGHT
GANG OF BOSSES
ELECTORS' VOTE
MAY BE ASKED
THE SAN FRAlSrblSCO CALL, THURSDAY; APRII/ 10, 1902.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
Burning -.Wood i and : Leather
.With' our,; new f pyrography.i machines , is
an artistic ; pleasure i that ; any ; one cam en-
Joy ; at:small. expense." <; Colored skins and
all "kinds .„¦ of ; wooden 1 ; articles.*" for; burn
ing, as well » as designs* to ' works from, at
Sanborn, Vail & ; Co.'s, ' 741 Market street.*
LONDON, .April • 0.— The 'Admiralty 1 has or
dered the : cruiser/Thames v to • search ". the North
Atlantic for. the missing, Allan line steamer
Hurontan, which left Glasgow February 11 for
St.' ' John, N. , B. , v and r has : not ¦ been " reported. -
9
GBAPE-inrrs.
FOOD DOES IT.
Restores Health More Surely Than
Any Medicine.
It is a short road to trouble when the
food does not supply the right material
to rebuild the brain. You cannot use the
brain without breaking down small parti-
cles every day, and you cannot rebuild
unless the food furnishes the right kind
of building material, and that is albumen
and phosphate Of potash. "Not such as
you get from the druggist, but such its
nature stores In certain kinds of food.
Grape-Nuts contains these particles and
•well-defined results can be obtained from
using the toothsome, delicious food.
A brain worker whose name can 1)9
given by the Postum Co.. Battle Creek,
Mich., writes: "Last fall I got In a des-
perate condition through excessive men-
tal work and lack of proper food. I was
finally compelled to abandon all business
and sefk absolute quiet and rest In the
country.
"I had been under the care of a good
physician for several months, but it
e«:med my food did not rebuild the brain
tissue properly. I was on the verge of
despair when I left for the country.
"Down at the ferry I purchased an
evening Journal and my attention was at-
tracted to the headlines of a Grape-Nuts
advertisement, which read, 'Food Cure
Nature'e Way.' I read it carefully and
decided to give Grape-Nuts a trial, so
next morning I went In on the, new food
end in two weeks' time Rained ttn
pounds and felt like a new man all over.
"I candidly believe if I .had known the
remarkable sustaining power of the food
prior to my illness I would hot have
needed a physician nor would ' I have
been eick at all." BBBBTHE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1902,
10
._¦_ -¦/;•-' "DEWTISTS-- Continned.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
. 4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ;' extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty :gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J.W. THATCHER, P.P. S-. Manager.
A NEW plate-^-The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c;
plates, $5, «full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at.
SEE I my new pink ivory plates ; see I my ¦ new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
.. less ext., 50c;plajes $5 up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary it— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, / late of 6 Turk Bt.—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist, j
SET of teeth without Dlate. . DR. H. G.
- YOUNG. 1841 Polk pt. ', ¦¦ ¦ ¦ J
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
, corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DOG HOSPITALS:
DR. CREELY'S'C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 610 Golden Gate ave.
¦ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOoX^F^L^CTRICAirENai^
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and rhop • work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free. . . • • ¦ ¦,
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
. — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic,' penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc. ; experienced . teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all. subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue, free. :
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
¦ colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . ¦
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
.... positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. i
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;,
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bids.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
_ modern methods; positions for all graduates;
< new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 3i
good positions in March; rapid figures a'spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping-, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. - 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught In
class. $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market St.
$5 ONLY — Thorough bookkeeping at your home.
Expert. 302 Van Ness ave. t • »
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderata
prices. J.E.Upphoff,535 Mission; tel. John 3856.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
'. and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kiroshita. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon;.tel.Fell S501.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help.'. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year3.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
! Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help, j
JAFANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
.waiter. 421 Tost. GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
P.KLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
. nese help. 42G Powell, nr.Suttor;tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOrjlIEXT^W^^TED~yEaiALE;
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light housework
or taking care of an elderly lady. Apply 2
Hampton court, oft Harrison St., bet. Second
and Third.
i FIRST-CLASS housekeeper; good worker; flrst-
cla.^s laundress; can do almost any kind oi
wash; strong and willing; work by the day.
11« Fourth st., room 16; wages $1 25. "
RESPECTABLE woman. as nurse by the week
or month; would care for Invalid: good ref-
erences. Call before 8 p. m., 892 Geary st.
AMERICAN woman wishes place as house-
kerper or take charge ¦ of rooming-house.
?32»j Sixth St.. MRS. COOK. . ; -. : >:
RESPECTABLE middle-aged working house-
keeper wants position; wages $15. Box 4824.
Call office^ - ' '
A GOOD cook wishes a good place as cook :
German and $30; no other need apply. - 2929
Sacramento st. ¦ >•• t .
GERMAN woman wants' housework; refer-
ences; wages $25. Box 4851, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as housekeeper., . Box
4S57. Call office.
WANTED — Position as wetnurse; young wo-
man. 009 Ivy ave. -
YOUNG woman wishes * situation for general
« housework and cooking. 1022 Larkin st.
WOMAN, with one child .wants situation; -first-
class cook; cood borne . preferred. Address
M. S., box 4S32. Call. '.'¦ :
EXPERIENCED machine operator on men's
coats. F. NELSON, 1407 East Ninth st.
A LADY of refinement and fducatlon wishes
position, also a first-class cook, or ¦ to - take
charge of flrst-class rooming-house, or cook-
ing for a club; can come with references.!
Address box 4820, 'Call office. : -
RELIABLE woman wants situation as chil-
dren's nurse or companion to elderly lady;
! flrst-class references ; • willing to assist with
housework and sewing. 120 Fourth st.
COLORED woman desires place as cook In prl-
vate family. . Address C. H., 1006 Clay at: v
SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
• the mountains. Box 4257. Call office, Oakld.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 weekT convenient and respectable; free
. bus and baggage , to and from ferry. . -¦;..--.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. > - • .^
EMPLOYMENT ../ WANTED— MALeT^
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools ', wants light work; no milking; small
wages if good place. Address H. W.. llov.
Second st. . ... *
NURSE, with best of references; well liked by
all; surgical or medical; rates $1 50' day.
Box 4830. Call office.
Fl REMAN wants position ; : seven * years' • ex-
perlence; best of references. Box 4740. ; Call. ;
A FIRST-CLASS German gardener, thoroughly
understands every branch of gardening, flow-
ers and vegetables, can milk, run gasoline en-
gine, handy with tools, wishes position; refer-
ences. Gardener, box 4835, Call of flee. :
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian : on city or country place as coach-
* . man, gardener and general utility man; can
..milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. Box 1464. Call. .,
SITUATION wanted by a Danish man 56 years
old; understands; gardening, ..flowers, ' vege-
: tahles,- fruit, care of ¦ horses,> poultry; '*- can
' . milk; best of references; .wages ¦; about; $30
'-month. Address or, call 331 'Kearny St., r. ; 36.
FIRST-CLASS window > dreseer \ (drapery and
'.} fancy goods) . desires 'position ' In ' San Fran-
¦ ciscor reply, early.'- J.' Al BROCK, Casllla
.791, Valparaiso, Chile.. v
A GERMAN- gardener ' wants situation ¦ In prl-
' vate family or man about place; good refer-
¦ encea. Box 4838.. Call. :
YOUNG American with a thorough . knowledge
of the fruit and produce business; can furnish
Al reference as to ability." Address JOHN J.
.SHEA,' Baldwin House:- ' : .¦-»-'-'-" •' ;: '
ENGINEER and blacksmith would Hke position
¦ in sawmill. Address box 4739, Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants : a situation « In
: . - f ami ly in ¦ city or country ; ¦ • wages $0 up a
week; references. K.U., 1 Chatham place, off
Bueh st. •_..•:• ¦• '¦ ' -, .¦':¦'¦¦,-
JAPANESE. ; . nice .. boy, ' wants . a * position * as
\ echoolboy . in ; small , family. - G. SUN ADA, 1
Chatham place, off Bush; St.: " . ¦•: -:,-'^
SITUATION wanted by » an Industrious ' Japa-
nese as schoolboy; lately came to this country
from Australia:, upright: character. = K. NO-
. .¦'. MURA,; 12 Qulncy. at., : San Francisco. . : .
CLASSIFIED* advertisements I and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HEtr WANTED— MALE— Con.
AT C. R, HANSEN & CO.'S. ....429 Bush rt.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... .429 Bush st.
:'...... FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA ..........
500 teamsters - :"& _ rfnv
500 laborers '— *S *
600 rockmen •*„- a *?£
100 muckers ••• «- * |J ay .
100 Blow holders «2 25 a da/
100 wheeler loaders • *- 25 a day
20 powder men. $- —> JtJ^X
Fee $1. ..•••••¦....."..•••••••"••""•"•
. ....... Ship Morning and Night..... .....
........FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
B's Tunnel ••
600 tunnelmen. drillers and muckers.
100* outside' laborers. • SI 75
Male Entrance 12 Berry st. ........
C. R. HANSEN & CO *39 Bush st.
A YOUNG man as stenographer and type-
writer; one with some idea of office duties
for this office: wages $25-$30 to start. C. K.
HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush St., opposite Calt-
f oraia Hotel. . __.
WANTED— A reliable man with $150 to Invest
in established business that will pay him
$18 to $20 per week; no experience required.
light work.. 765 Market Bt.. room 3.
¦V7ANTED— A young man to care £>' 5 " V *J 1( *
and assist In housework. Apply 2624 Sutter
St.. after 9. ' .
EXPERIENCED lad, 17 to 20, to take charge
of cellar of crockery store: reference; after
9 a. m. t 108 Sixth st. .
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
push:* good opportunity for right man. *.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. m
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 631 Sacrament*
street. - ¦ ¦
YOUNG man with $100 can make good w »««»-
Apply bet. 0 and 12. ROLFS CO.. 41 Third.
BUSHELMAN and nresser. California Cloth-
Ing Renovatory. 287 O'Farrell st.
BOY to strip tobacco after school. 694 Mc-
Alllster st. .
WANTED— Cash boys at S. N. WOOD &
COTS. " ¦ ' ' - ___
WANTED — Dishwasher. Apply after 9 a. m.,
Gooch's Oyster Crotto. 113 Ellis st. _.
GOOD Gordon press feeder wanted. 201 Hyda
street. ¦ a-- ' m
YOUNG lady or gentleman who can play pian-
ola artistically. Address box 4855. Call.
SINGLE man for country barber. shop; near
city. Call 213 Sansome st. ' ' .
WANTED — A good practical gardener; singls
man. 215 Hayes at. ' *
BOOTBLACK wanted. 607 Lagnna gt.
WANTED— A first-class dinner waiter at 304
Mason at.; wages $3 50 a week.
BAKBER wanted for short hours. 1608 Devis-
adero st., bet. Sutter and Post. , ,
BARBER, steady for Saturday noon and Sun-
day; wages $4. S03 Sixth St.
EXPERIENCED waiter wanted. 1507 -Market
¦ st., near Eleventh. , . _^
WANTED — A boy to do cleaning from fl to 9
. In the morning. 1801 Howard st. ¦
CARPENTERS wanted; call early. 459 Stev-
enson st. • . -
TWENTY-FIVE men to put up awnings! 113D
Mission st. -
WANTED— Manager : big money, right party:
ref. required. 5-6 Eighth St.. Oakland, rm, 5.
GOOD man for shoemaking and repairing. 402
Post st. '
BARBERS— Best 3-chalr ehoo In the city for
' sale; good trade. Box 4S47. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced men", furnishing
goods salesman; one who is capable of tak-
ins charse of stock: state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply bos 483T. Call.
WANTED — Bright boy from 15 to 16 years of
. age for stock boy. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
APPRENTICE boy for pattern shop; must not
use tobacco. Box 4S0O. Call.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for fela tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
BARBER, married man, wants good, -steady
In country. Box 4816. Call.
BOYS to distribute circulars. K. 8. C. Medical
Co., room 122. Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market st.
ERRAND boy for wholesale hardware store;
cigarette smokers need not apply. Box 4SCS.
Call office.
WANTED — Boy at Isacson's drug store. Apply
at drug store, corner Geary and Octavla sts.;
wases $3 50. '
FIRST-CLASS presser on coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. '541 Market - st.
PENSION and extra pay. "Write SHERWOOD. -
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrous Post, G. A. n.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart at.
WANTED— Strong boy about 13 or 19. Box.
4746. Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only flrst-class
men need apply; technical man preferred: no
attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously em-
ployed. Box . 4S10. Call.
WANTED — Painter who understands retouch-
ing of art goods, bronzing, etc. Apply be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m. , superintendent Thom-
as Day & Co.. 725 Mission st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. IT.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of gooJ
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over S feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. - .
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8_weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
¦I.EGE. 635 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale; best bargain In city;
two hydraulic chairs; place established! for
twenty years; owner sick. For particular*
call corner Seventh and Market sts.. 3. F.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to 'know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
GET your shoes half-soled -while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d ets.
i PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullte, room 40, Phelan
tig. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525, Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
'. WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50^ up; soling 20c np. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. /•
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES ; AXD WAGOX3.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
- slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCpAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
FOR SALE — Bay taddle horse. 18 hands high;
four years old; sound and gentle. Address
P. - O. hoz. 53, Emeryville, Cal.
Al CATTLE pony, suitable for polo. Apply J.
FORD. Fifteenth and P st. South.
BAY horse. S years old; weight 1300; thorough-
ly broke. Apply 22d st. and San Jose ave.
NO. irtop wagon for butcher, baker or laun-
dry: price $75. 319 Third st., paint store.
CUT down express, $125; wagon. $35; heavy
single harness. 79 City. Hall ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pagg». In wrapper for tunning. $1 per year.
HOUSES - TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for c»r-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery.
5-ROOM house to' let: bath: stable, 4 stalls;
1618 Sanche- St., nr. 29th. Apply 338 13th st.
HOUSE, 7 rooms, ¦ stable for 4 'or '5 horses- 53
Clara at. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO LET — FURBISHED.
A— FURNISHED residences and flats 1b 'all
parts of the city, $30 to $350: call to see us;
we can suit you. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market.
PACIFIC Heights residence, 7 rooms, bath
. modern furn.,. piano; rent low, desirable par-
ty. 3 or 6 mos. com. Apr. 20. Box 4799. Call.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resi-
dence district; Portola st.. of* Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner.' GEO. MOORE. 63 PortoU.
- % , I jrVESTMEXTS. -
vtSTORS AGENCY, 137 Montgomery '. •_..
6. F.. know it, Call or 'writ* for partico-— ¦
THE "Phoenix Savings". of 538 California st.,
San Francisco,' Cal.. has a subscribed capital
..of three million dollars.. * Reserve fund. $10Q.-
000. Tha only association in California with
¦a permanent non- withdrawable capital, pro-
': tectlng investing shareholders from posslbte
loss. Earnings for 1901, 9 - per cent. Guar-
' antees and pays 6 per ' cent on $100 certifi-
cates, withdrawable after one . year. Make
'-¦ definite loan contracts. Interest low. . ¦", '-'•••
Directors — A. =• A. - Watklns. vice president
W. W. Montague & Co.. and president Board
of Trade, S. F.; -Charles R. Bishop, vice
president Bank of California. S. F.. director
Savings and Loan Society, S. F., and Cali-
fornia Title Insurance and Trust Co.. 8. F. ;
S. Prentlss Smith, ' late . assistant cashier
Bank of California, S. F.,- director National
- Bank of D. O. Mills, Sacramento; George C.
Boardman, General' Aetna Insurance Co.. S.
".; F.. director San Francisco Savings Union;
Charles E. Ladd of Ladd & Tllton, bankers,
Portland. Or.; Gavin McNab, attorney at
¦ law; Clarence Grange, late Building and Lean
Commissioner of Montana.
a Trustee — Mercantile Trust '• Company of
:/ San ; Francisco.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
. placing stocks : and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated ' and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
¦ us. Pac. States Mlnlng&Invest. Co., 326 Post.
_ .- ; _ - L FLATS TO LET. "'_ " '_ '
TO LET — New flats, cheap, on Frederick St.,
near Stanyan, opposite Golden Gate Park.
Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgom-
ery st.
AN elegant - lower flat, 5 rooms and,, bath;
. choice location. 1110 Gough st., near Ellis.
NEW modem sunny flats ; yards and base-
ments; near Park. 257 Carl st., nr. Stanyan.
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary waah-
tubs and bath; $18. 1181A Howard st.
FLAT— 3 rooms; yard; water free. 356 Third
St.; $10. --' .
~ FLATS TO LET FPRSISHED.
WALLER, 1209— Sunny, cheerful' new flat of
5 rooms; newly furnished; very reasonable.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
HOUSE of 5 sunny rooms . and bath, } suitable
for young married couple or office; ca^ll *nd
be convinced; rent $16 60; no dealers; can be
occupied at once; also the furniture, nearly
• new, for sale $155. 215M> Sixth st. ,
AT CAVANAGH Furniture Co., 848 and 850
• Mission st. — Special inlaid linoleum, 65c yard;
couches $3; stoves, $5; chairs, 35c;. bed sets,'
$8 and up; 4 rms. furn.. oak. $48. No. 7 stove.
4 ROOMS furnlsbed In oak, $48 50. with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE — Furniture of 5 rooms. 2338 Pine
street.
FURNITURE of 3-room flat for sale; almost
new; rent $12. 522 A Natoma St. -.
FURXITURE WANTED.
A, , WOLLPERT. TO^MlsslonTt^. pays highest
- price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner bldg.
„„„„
D. & F. BLACK auede gloves; best in the world;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP 'WAITED—- FEMALE^^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone -Grant 185
Head waitress, cafe, Los Angeles, restaurant
experience, must be familiar with check sys-
. tern, very choice place $10 week
. 3 waitresses, short distance, see boss here.$20
2 waitresses, flrst-class hotel, country .$25
."! waitresses, institution, see boss here $20
25 waitresses, city and country. $20-$30
Chambermaids, city and country... $17 50-$20
Chambermaids to wait $20
Laundress, country hotel, fare paid $25
........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Kindly call and investigate the numerous
places we have In this department for any
woman or girl looking for work. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush st. (between Grant ave.
and Kearny St., opposite California Hotel and
Theater). ¦ ... ¦ ' •
WANTED — 1 cooks, $30 and $35; 4 cooks. $25;
cook and second girl, earns house, country, $25,
$20; German cook, $30; kitchen helper, $15;
• cook, hotel, country. $30; 8 second girls, $20,
$25; head waitress, $25; 16 family hotel wait-
resses, $20, $21 and $25; 2 parlor maids, $25;
2 chambermaids and sewing,- country, nice
American families, $25; nurse. 1 child, 523;
infant nurse, $25: waitress for institution,
$20; cook for a widow lady, $25; housework,
tfulsun. $20; housework, Callstoga, 2 In fam-
ily. $20; cook, plain wash, Niles, $30; cham-
' bcrwork and waiting, private boarding-house,
. $25; 2 colored girls, general housework. $25;
also 100 girls for all kinds of housework in
both German and American families at $20,
523 and $30; call early; lots of work. J. F-
CROSETT & CO., 334 Suttrr st.
-A— MRS. '-I.' E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ......... '
Head waitress, springs, ' see party here; 6
waitresses, springs, $25 and $20; waitress,
Sacramento, $25; 2 waitresses, same com-
mercial hotel, no uniforms necessary, $20, >
fares paid; 6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; 2
waitresses, $25, sleep home;, restaurant wait-
ress. $7.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook for San Rafael. $30, ' American family;
houaegirl, 3 In family. Mill Valley, $30; sec-
ond girl, $25;. 25 houseglrls of all nationali-
ties for city, §20 to $30.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO ..335 Geary st.
A— NURSE, $25; second girl, $25; 4 cooks. $30
each: ranch cook, $25, see party here 11
o'clock; woman with a child, $20; second girl,
short distance. $25; second girl, San Rafael,
$25; 50 housework girls, $25 and $30; laun-
dress, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
A — SWEDISH flrst-class cook; best city refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton - st.— Cook and
second girl, small family, country. $30 and
$25; German cook, cltv. $30; American cook,
$.10; German laundress and chambermaid,
$25; German second girl. $25; girls for house-
work, $20.'- $25 and $30; laundress, country
hotef. $25. ' ¦
COAST EMPLOYMENT CO., *i '
v . 502 Taylor st. ; phone Black 2194."<
. MRS. KERR AND COZZENS.
3 women for general housework, different
- • places, $20; woman with a child, country,
wages $15; waitress, hotel, city, $20 and room.
HAIRDRESSING — Day and evening school for
poor girls; trade guaranteed in 2 wks.; cost
$4; manicuring, massage, bleaching, switches:
3 girls for private customers assured $50 per
mo. ; bring ad. and get 50c discount. COL-
. LEGE. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15. ,y ¦;
LADY who -ha3 some • experience in. bookkeep-
: ing and can act as stenographer ; easy work;
hours 8:30 to 5; state where formerly employ-
. cd- and what salary will expect at first; ap-
pllcatlon In own handwriting. Box 4S46. Call.
WANTED— Experienced waitresses, good' pay,
. permanent positions; no . fee. Apply Inde-
pendent Employment Bureau, 526 Montgom-
ery st., room 1. .
SCANDINAVIAN, German or French girl for
light housework: wages $IS. ' Address 922
h Chestnut st.. Alameda. near Chestnut-st. sta-
tion, narrow gauge, or, box 4845, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on golf and dress
' shirts; highest prices. .D. C. HEGER, -723
Market st. . ¦'» ,
WOMAN wanted to do cooking and light house-
work; 2 in' family; in Sausailto. Box 4853,
Call office. ;_ ¦ . ;
WANTED — Experienced • retouchers -for > piece
work; steady employment. -At BUSHNELL'S.
Apply Immediately," 1510 Market st. . - r •
LADY, of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
: assertion; good opportunity, for right party.
F. FERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
HAIRDRESSER, ' manlcurer and ¦ chiropodist
-,-, wanted. Apply Emporium, the : halrdressing
' .department. -.-ir.
FINISHERS on cloaks wanted Immediately.
M. SIMINOFF. 1228 Market st.
GIRL,- housework, assist cooking, 3 in family;
wages $15 to 17. Call morning. 2117 Hyde.
WANTED— Character woman; must do special-
'. - ty ; ¦ also "< lady piano player. ~ Box 4852. Call. '
FIRST-CLASS ¦ finishers on ladles' Jackets.
BARON, Ladles' Tailor, 22 Grant ave.
WANTKD-^Glr 1 to set type; steady Job to right
:; party.-. 1C08 Mission st. * .'•. " .-¦
GOOD position . out . of city; lucrative. Box
4854, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, waist hand and helper wanted
v . at 330 ¦ Sutter st. 1 • ' ;>
WANTED— A i young girl to do- general, house-
: work ; -. need < not cook. . 1831 Eddy : st.
WANTED— Apprentice to : learn 1 : dressmaking;
' neat sewer; paid. ' 14 Grant ave., rooar 50. ,
A GOOD waitress wanted. 134 Third st.
GOOD finishers on coats; high' wages and
steady Job." 344 Tehama st. J : ¦¦ -.
PANTS i operators and finishers; also appren-
tices, paid whil e learning. / 250 El Ms st. . . : - :
GIRL' for, general housework.'- Call 1534 O'Far-
1 reir st.-T . •¦;;;¦ ¦ ,
SALESLADY wanted; ladles' furnishing goods
. department.' .< S. JACOBS, 340 Hayes st. ¦
AMATEURS with dramatic ability; salary and
expenses. -.Box. 4860.' Call office.- • .
.YOUNG girl to assist In 'housework. 3190 Slx-
- .teenth st.'f near: Guerrero. ; - . '.•.-.,
WANTED- Reflned r : lady :.' with :¦-' $100 .'•¦ cash ' , to
'. make : $100 : monthly ; • Investigate. - 4S59. : Call.
GIRL about 15 to put on buttons; paid while
learning. CARSON* GLOVE CO.,' 35 Market.
BUSIXESS CHANCES—- Continued.
A— ' " ¦ Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., ims. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
BUSINESS CHANCES A SPECIALTY.
A grocery store for $700, nice corner; rent
$17; 3 Jiving rooms.
Grocery and bar. $300; rent $25.
Saloon, rent $45; daily sales $20; $800.
A fine meat- market for $1200; 2 horses, 2
wagons, fine fixtures; rent $45; daily sales $76
Transfer business; 3' wagons, 6 horses;
$1350; rent $15; good business. !
Delicacies, branch bakery, 3 r., rent $15.$275
Branch bakery, clearing $40 month $250
Firy cigar stand: clears $75; price... .$325
Grocery, S1000; 3 living rooms; clears $128,
Grocery and bar, $500; daily sales $12 to $15.
Restaurant, $500; clears $150, on Market st.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~
850 Market st., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. ¦
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. .
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent.
Roadhouse and hotel; on San Mateo electric
railroad.
Branch bakery; good for man and wife.
Delicatessen store; good location.
Hotel; south of Market; 20 rooms; fine oppor-
tunity for rieht party.
A — $S50; PARTNER In cash grocery and liquor
store; established 16 years; full value 'in
sight; one of firm retiring; remaining partner
thoroughly understands the business. K.
KENNY. 75 Third st. ¦ .-.; ,
A — $800; BRANCH bakery, dairy produce and
delicatessen; fine store; grand location; 4
living rooms; low rent; clearing- $100 per
month.; trial allowed before buying. K.
KENNY, 75 Third st.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
yard, routes of any kind or any other legiti-
mate business or want a partner in any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1S08.
I WANT a young gentleman with $3000 in
cash-to Join me In one-half interest In a sea-
cide summer and winter resort. I have Just
erected wh_rf and buildings suitable for din-
ing-room, icecream parlors, curio salesroom,
jdancing veranda, bathrooms -and bathing i
beach, glass-bottom boats, sail and row
boats, fishing tackle, etc. The above resort
Is situated in one of ths best locations in the
State, adjoining the most fashionable hotels,
where the Eastern and local tourist* are
coming and going all the time, besides reg-
ular patrons, campers and excursionists.
Very little, or no competition exists. I will
entertain proposition from any live active
young gentleman who is willing to join and
build up a business that will pay handsome-
ly; reference required. Address box 4S42,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
Fuperior to TreadwelKmlne of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. - If you wish to represent
or Invest in a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
THE controlling stock of one of the best pay-
ing Incorporated businesses in the State for
sale that will stand the closest scrutiny; this
is positively a rare chance; fine investment.
Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st.
ALL kinds of real estate for sale and exchange;
lodging-houses, stores, restaurants, hotels,
saloons and many other business chances for
sale. HEALY & CARR. 927 Market, r. 208.
$375 — PARTNER in first-class business; will
teach you the business. DECKER, 921 Markt.
Drugstore. $2500; central; on busy St.; oppor-
tunlty for physician. DECKER, 921 Market.
A — WANTED-^To-day. steady, sober man for
light indoor business; must have $250 cash
and be satisfied with $75 to $100 month. Ap-
ply 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
$300 — PARTNER wanted in established busi-
ness; $18 to $25 week, with chance to in-
crease; no experience required. 25 Geary St.,
room 4.
A — DON'T pay $500 for a $100 cigar stand.
After calling on other agents without suc-
cess, consult HEDGES, 401-462 Parrott bldg.
RESTAURANT; good location; sacrifice; call,
make offer. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
FOR SALE — Restaurant and oyster house at
] S07 Folsom st. ; selling account of • leaving
city. . ...
PARTY to take equal interest in paying busi-
ness; qualifications for salesmanship' and
small capital required. Box 4S56. Call office.
FOR Sale — Outside route this paper; call from
6 to 7 p m.; Saturday and Sunday excepted.
827 Shotwell st. ¦ •
___^ — —^ — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
RESTAURANT at a sacrifice; good location;
family troubles; in payments. D. McRAE,
637 Mission st.
1000 MONTEZUMA mining shares for sale. 632
Green St.. flat 2. rear.
FOR SALE — Restaurant. 416 Third St.; re-
ceipts $25 a day; rent $30; full investigation.
FOR Sale — Restaurant opp. Golden- Gate Park;
fcr cook and wife; low rent. 610 Stanyan at.
$400— ELECTRIC repair and locksmith shop;
established 10 years. Box 4858. Call office.
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures etc.. all go; opportunity given for in-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511. Call.
FOR SALE^ — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10,000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
loll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc,
will invoice $1700; good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo, Cal.
MILLINERY store for sale In best town In
Eastern Oregon; $700 down, $700 on easy I
payments; doing excellent business; personal
reasons for selling. Address P. O. box 170.
Sumpter, Or.
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON, 500 Haight st.
FINE grocery and saloon for sale; at terminus
of car line; with house and 4 lots; reasonable
to right party. Box 4818, Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; kept by present
owner 15 years; a flrst-class location and pay-
ing business. 748 Brannan et.
$500 BUYS interest In cattle in Santa Clara
County; must have homestead right. Box
4823, Call. .-^ .
FOR sale or exchange — Fine road house, a
short distance from San Francisco. Inquire
613 Pacific st.
GOOD paying shooting gallery for sale; pro-
prietor has two places; can't tend to both.
Inquire 523 Pacific st. ,
$400 — 80 ACRES In Scotch Valley. Slskiyou
Co.; good, level land. Box 4S34, Call office.
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East st.. north of Market.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — ~~~ 1 "" 1 "Niear^the~Caii buildTng?
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st.. rms 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
• . Money to Loan.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office. .
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
A family hotel ; best corner in S. F. ;
clears $814 per month over all expenses;
books open for Inspection by bona-flde buyer;
lease for 10 years; furniture the very best,
nearly new, cost $14,300; price $12,000; terms
part down, balance in installments tc suit.
47 rooms; in best block N. of Market;
costly mahogany furniture; best mattresses
of curled hair; lease of building; income over
$400; price $3750; part cash, part on time..
20 rooms: fine location on Sutt?r; rent
$75; Income nearly $200; clean; stlictly re-
spectable; price $1600; % cash; % on time.
6 rooms; rent $15; income $35; price $175.
A— C. D. DAVIS. _v
Room 53. TeL^ush 270.
* Columbian Building. Opp. Emporium.
- The Leader
— In—
Roomlng-Houses and Hotels.
If you .want to invest In a good
- rooming-house or hotel why don't
you see C. P. DAVIS? -
FOR Rent — 29 rooms; fine sunny corner; make
swell. boarding-house; rent $150; long lease.
C. D. DAVIS. ' , : -_
A — I HAVE bargains coming all the time; it
will pay you to visit my office once a day.
C. D. DAVIS.
A. CAMERON & CO.. - .
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st., —
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Eush 328.-
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can rait
you; have bargains in hotels. , lodging-houses,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL BARGAINS .......
13 r. ; rent $55; elegant piano; Al loc $1125
14 r. ; fine residence ;,flrst-class every way. 1200
6 r.; mod. flat; new fur.; 2 mo.; reduced. 500
20 r.; Al loc; good fur., carp. ;- clears $100 1900
S3 r. ; total expense of bouse $175; apart s. 2900
Money Loaned. 1 V> per cent. ,
WINSTON & WOLFE,
1028 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
.10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only.* $350
24 rooms; rent $55;. central. .' 1650
38 rooms; rent $80; money-maker. ...... 2250
31 rooms; rent $100; just listed.-.:...... 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash v. . . ' 1300
15 rooms; rent $65; good furniture...;.. 1000
35 rooms; rent $80; N. of Market...".... 2000
. €3 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this -. •; ." -
fOO other houses on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211:
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market — Some bargains.
SICK) — 18 rooms; Kearny; all light; net $100.
$375—19 rooms; Jackson; good and easy work.
STOO-^n rooms; Jones; nice business..
$180— 7 rooms; 3d st.". Money to loan on lodg-
ing houses; 70 more bouses; bargains; choicer.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE — Con.
WANTED — An elderly lady to act as compan-
ion and assist In light housework In family
of two; country. Box 4883. Call office.
WANTED — Expert stenographer and type-
¦ writer; state references and salary expected.
Address box 4815, Call office. . ..
WANTED— Girl for general housework: small
family; wages, $20. Call at 2515 Broadway,
10 to 4; Scott and Pierce. - : '
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
.- Call between 9 and 12 at northeast corner of
. Clay and Broderick sts. ' -__
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32& Fremont
st, MR. DAVIS. . ¦ ' ¦ ¦
500 GIRLS, all sizes, for May day. Aerial
Park, Eleventh and Market sts.
GIRL wanted at 515 Valencia St., to help to
wait in restaurant. '."_'-
A SECOND girl and to help with baby. Call
11B Broderick St.. bet. Haight and Page.
WANTED— Girl for cooking and downstairs
work. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— German girl to help In bakery.
108 Ninth st. i_____
BUTTON-HOLE makers on coats and vests:
finishers on coats and pants'; girls to learn
tailoring; steady employment. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS- on coats and pants, steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. Ml
Market st. •;
HAIRDRESSING. massage, manicuring,
bleaching, dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks. >5.
College. 1236 Market st.. rm. 94; splendid
positions waiting; day; evening. _
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find Plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— 2 vest finishers. Apply at factory,
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st. _
WANTED — An experienced hemstltcher.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
of good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl. 16. to do light housework ; $10.
, 535 Caatro st. ¦ . - ~ ' ' ' "
WETNURSE— 608 Franklin st. '
GOOD finisher on pants; steady work; also ap-
prentice. C01 Commercial st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; state experience
' and where last employed. Box 4807, Call.
WANTED — Young girl, assist general houae-
work; sleep home. 1274 McAllister st.
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont
6t., MR. DAVIS. ,'.•¦¦'
2 NEAT girls for cooking; second work and
serving. 1180 O'Farrell st. - > .
GIRL to assist with housework; wages $15. 827
' South- Cole st.
FINISHERS on custom pants; steady work.
854 Howard st. ' .
WANTED— Experienced shirt makers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market st.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 927 Market, r. 305.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1030
Valencia st. ¦ '
HELP AVAXTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY. . . . .Phone Main 6848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M V
R. R. MEN— R. R. MEN.....
. WE SHIP DAILY— FREE
.TO ALL PARTS — CAL. and NEVADA
.. SALT LAKE DIV.— S. P. R. R
150 teamsters NEVADA FREE
150 laborers. NEVADA FREE
Gang of rockmen and drillers V
Wages $2 to $3 day
Concrete foreman,* Nevada, $4 day, free fare
Timekeeper, R. R. camp • free fare
.... LABORERS— BIG WAGES ........
10 laborers, no experience, near city,- $40 and
found; 5 pick and shovel men $00
5 laborers, steady job, factory $1 75 day
. 150 laborers, no experience, for different
work. $2-25, $2 and $1 75 day, $30 to $40 and
found. . '-'. .
MISCELLANEOUS ............
Shingle packer, sawmill company, see boss
here; shingle sawyer, sawmill company, see
boss here; man to run circular saw, city fac-
tor}', I- 25 day
4 miners, shaft work. $75
4 miners, south ....$57 and found
"3 blacksmiths.' wheelwright and wagonmaker.
$2 50 and $3 day; 4 laborers for barge.... $60
36 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
15 • ranch ¦ teamsters ....$30
1 38 milkers, choremen and boys. $35. $30 and
$25; 5 stablemen: milk wagon driver; 10 boys
to work in different factories and learn
trades, $4 to $7 week. - ¦ -
FOR A NEW SAWMILL CO...
10 more laborers, no experience, to work In
mills, yards and. woods, $30 and found, any
milling man will suit cheap fare
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
27 cooks, hotels, restaurants and boarding-
houses, $35 to $60 and found; 3 second cooks;
2 bakers and helpers; 5 waiters. $30 and
found; dishwashers and kitchen help.
If you don't see a position in the above to
suit you call and see us; we can place you.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL
Concrete foreman, $4 day, free fare; time-
keeper, practical and experienced R. K. man;
working foreman, stock and grain ranch, $50
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-63B
Clay st. \
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third st., near Call bidg.; phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS
.. FREE FARE FREE FARE......
500 teamsters .$2 to $2 50 per day
Gans of laborers..." $2 to $2 25 per day
: ... Ship Dally...
..FOR . THE LUMBER WOODS ...
FARE ADVANCED
20 sawmill and woods men, fare advanced,
$26 to $05 per month and board* ._
Carpenter, sawmill, north.... $70 per month
Buggy washer, city.... $C0 oer month
Kanch hand, light lob, $25 per month and
board; man to milk 8 cows and do garden
- work, see boss here 9 a. m., $1 per day.
board and bed; man for light garden work.
good bed and board, with family, $1 per day;
4 men for borins machine, city mill, $2; _ i
teamsters, near city, $2 per day; 5 laborers,
near city, $2 per day; 4 stone masons, free
fare, $4 per day; (i stone cutters, free fare,
$4 per day ;
. S. .P. R. R. Co.'s own work Free fare 1
5 laborers, near city......... $2 per day
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 59 Third sn.
SECOND butler. $50 and found: waiter and
wife, $50 and : found: restaurant second
• cook, $65: restaurant porter, ' $30; bakers
helper, $20; restaurant waiter, $8 week;
night cook and waiter, country, $35 and
found; short order cook, country, $40 to $50;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. :- y'~. v
COACHMAN, $30 and found; man and -wife,
private family, $50; man about place for
institution. $30 and found: young Eastern
man to drive milk wagon, $50 and Increase:
old -man to care for place: 2 farmers and
wives, $35 and $40; vegetable gardener - for
ranch. $25 and found; cheese maker, $35 and
found: carpenter for mill, $70; millwright,
$3 50 a day; bench hands, $3 50 a. day;
farmers, . teamsters, • milkers, carriage smith
and helper, . laborers for mill and woods,
wood choopers and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
A — TWO good sized boys who live with their
parents to run errands and make themselves
generally useful for this office. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 429 Bush St., opposite California
Hotel. ¦-. ¦¦ . . ¦- - , -
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton «t. — Second
cook for restaurant, $65; cook for about 10
boarders, $30: cook, small chop house $30;
hotel waiter. $30; dishwasher. $25; chore-
man for resort. SIS; choreman for stable,
: $15; butler, $50; man and wife for family
country. $50 to $60.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE,- 20 Montgomery, r 12
—Waiter, $30; 2 house porters,»$20, country
hotels. -
SHIPPED free every day— Four-borse scraper
men anri rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract. Wadsworth, Nev. ; wages, $2 per dar-
board, • $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required"
' company will refund same after 26 days E*
B. & A.- L. STONE CO.. 000 Broadway. Oak-'
] land, Cal.*x^!?rS8SSsS9_ctS_|
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
rled men. between ages of 21 and 33- citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
' 5, era , t . e _\ ab « 8 '"7 h i > can B P ea *. read and write
. English.', For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer. 121 , New : Montgomery ft^San
Francisco, or Masonic ; building.' Sacramento.
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
- men to present an attractive, lst-class flnan-
•i^k '¦ p > rol K!& lon: successful candidates earn
$100- to $300. mo.: salary &. liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply, T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m.. ex.- Sun.. 560 8th st.; Oakland, Cal.
DANISH woman wants elderly man as part-
ner In lunch house; *he tends to cooking; ha
tends cash. .counter; rent-; $12. with living
rooms;, needs only $75. Call 257 Fourth St.,
¦\ In cigar store.
WANTED— Reliable man to invest. $150 in a
. light business paying him more - than big
wages. : Inquire • 1010 Market st.. room 10.-
WANTED— Light • comedian and character
comedian: must "do specialty and • be swell
dressers. ; Address box - 4962. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS . tailors for ladles' Jackets
BARON, ladles' tailor. -22 Grant ave. • .
WANTED-A good . boy. - with references
• ¦ BARON, ladles' ; tailor. ; 22 Grant ave. .
AMATEURS with dramatic ability ; salary and
- expenses. Box 4862, Call office.
jLODGrlXG^ HOUSES FOR S A.LE—-Cojnu
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
7-room modern flat; reduced to $525
16 rooms; transient; clears $100. ....... 700
8-room flat; snap; Geary st. ;........; 200
100 rooms ; Market st. ; clears $350 ...... 6000
17 rooms; north of Market; clears $100. 1000
9 rooms; clears $40; Jupst listed 450
35 rooms; near Market; snap. 2100
rooms; clears $450; only..... 7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments. .....'. 1500
9 rooms: sunny corner; a beauty; 'only. 375
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade.. 3500
20 rooms; clears $75; only..: * 350
40 rooms; clears $108. ......".""..'."... '800
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market St., corner Ellis.
$500—8 ROOMS; clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF, 906 Market st. . ''- ..'.
GEORGE W. BROWN, 783% Market St.,
Room 3;- phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
18 rooms; swell; bay window; newly fur. .$1600
17 rooms; north side; light, sunny house.. 900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price.. '2000
16 rooms; corner bay-window house; yard.. 850
20 rooms; rent only $50; new carpets 1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness;.. 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100.' 1100
i • We offer any of the above on payments.
WANTED — A 15 to 20 roomed house: must be
reasonable; north side. 783% Market, room 3.
GOOD transient house; new furniture.. ...$1800
¦ 36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 1000
•IS rms.; 3d St.; always filled; rent $70..' 800
300 rms. ; corner house for men 5000
50rrnn.; offices and rooms; low rent 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only 865; terms. 14C0
40 rms. ; man house; rent $45; bargain.. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. .
Hotels, houses and flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
| 850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable . dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses, and
Loan Money, at lowest rates. r -_
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
14- ROOM house; a sacrifice if sold before ApMl
16; house just renovated and handsomely fur-
nished . with entirely new furniture through-
out. Apply rooms 226-227, Parrott building,
¦ fifth floor. - ¦ - :
LODGING-HOUSES and hotels to suit all
classes of buyers; large list; call and investi-
gate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and Cth. ¦
BOARDING-HOUSE, 6 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; steady boarders; must sell; owner
leaves; any reasonable price accepted. 402
Clementina St., near Sixth. .
A — NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
• list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
NEW downtown apartment house, partly fur-
nished, 1st floor rented ; purchased or rented
by responsible party cheap. Box C93, Call.
14 ROOMS, furnished; clears $50 month; price
$375; cheap, at $500. STRAND. 209 Kearny.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale, $225; 9 rooms and
baths. 743 Howard st. .
SPIRITUALISM.
aTTT. rrr-Trrrrrr^r^TrTTrrrrrrTTTA 1
B-R-O-C-K-W-A-Y.
1052 Ellis st., bet Franklin and Gough.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Seance Sunday and Wednesday 8 p. m.
RETURNED— J. Keller, divine healer; all kinds
j of diseases healed by the touch of your gar-
• merits; chronic diseases, rheumatism a spe-
cialty; satisfaction guaranteed. 408 Golden
Gate ave. ; hours from 9 to 4, 7 to 9 daily.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance,
Tues., Frl., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
TO-NIGHT, lower Scottish Hall, 117 Larkin st.,
Charles J. Anderson, lecturer, psychic; 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
¦ to-night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
A FREE circle every night. PROF. GEE. 8%
Golden Gate ave. ; private readings, 50c-$l.
Mrs. Hubbard, 109 Oak — Circle Tues. and Frl.
S; Wed, ladles 2:30; 10c; readings dally. 50c.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Marke t.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
_, CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD^
THE FAMOUS . X
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. nest Examiner - bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
I them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
j up; eatlsf action guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
i PROFESSOR BROESKE, 205 Turk St..
I Scientific Palmist and Clairvoyant.
: Special rates for a short time only.
j ECc— $1.00— 50c— $1.00.
| This well-knowrt life reader convinces all,
! g-ives advice on all affairs of Interest: business,
i love, marriage, speculation. Investments.
! change, etc. Your past, present, future read.
I Are you interested in palmistry, clair.voyancy,
: psychology? Broeske's College stands peerless.
LIFE READING 1 week, ladles 50c. gents $1;
PROF. WELLER'S COLLEGE, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, domestic troubles; set-
tles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated, tells
j whom you will marry; how to win manor wo-
man you love; mall $1; send date birth, lock
hair. 6 questions. 1007% Market, near Sixth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the .well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send fctamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
AA^— BROCKWAY, scientific and expert life
reader; hours 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; seances
Sunday and Wednesday, 8 p. m. 1052 Ellis.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A-E11Ib; clairvoyant,'
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to S p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
CARD reading and astrology. 148 6th st., room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
CARD reading; ladles, 10c: gentlemen 25c;
hours, 1 to 8. 625 Minna st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8.' 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
CARPET BE ATIXG AXD: CLE ANIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama gt. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning '3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; teL.Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop. |
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price3
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.:
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.*
STEVENS, Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250/
CALIFORNIA Carpet-Beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.: tel. Mission 49. .
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
¦ 333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission - 74. .:
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE .W.- KELLY'S Agency-^No^charge
unless successful. < Room 310. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY 4-room cottage, $10 ;' corner Japan st."
nnd Rincon ave.. at Mall Dock.
____PJEXTJSTJ.^ ____Z~~
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 MarkSt^WKmma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1;- gold rand porcelain crowns, $J
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. y ¦• '¦•¦¦- •¦¦;•¦
' Painless extraction.
' I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best ci owns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions ¦¦. or . filling by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
- experience ; no students ; advice :¦ free ; [ prices
cheapest and guaranteed; ¦ lady ' attendants
.DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. '20. O'Farrell . st. .
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk Bt., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
, gas given; •, lady : attendant. -R. . CV. ANDElt-
SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and . manager. . ¦ v '.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings,- 60c.'
PSAJT FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
IL corner of Market and Third streets; open
til 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C3»» McAllister street;, open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m,
1041 Mission etreet; open until '10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
-ntli 9 p. m.
10(5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p.m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
~ MEETING KOTICES. _;
JL REGULAR meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A, & A.
Scottish Rite of Free-Masonry, will f\
be held In Commandery Hall. Masonic »W
Temple, THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- <_X*
ING. April 10. 1902, at 8 o'clock. Degree 5th.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M-— __
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, 7:.J0 o'clock. M. M. de-lEJT
gree. By order of the H. P. * w l
JNO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. L F. & A. M.. •
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN-
ING, Arril 10, et 7:."{0 o'clock. First J\J\
degree. By order of the Master. /»'
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M.— _¦
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) ,_f\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- f%jL
gree. Masons cordially invited. By / >
order of the W. M.
FREDERIC^ BARRY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. m
& A. M.. meets THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for firetXjf
degree. By order of the Master. I 1
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. & A. M.— m
Bpeclal meeting THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
EVENTNG. at 7:30 o'clock. First de- VT*
gree. By order of the Master. fVi
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. <s_*a^h»
F. — Funeral notice, HOLLAND S__53i8E
EMITH, Past Grand, deceased —
Officers and members please as- "«illw :^
. semble In Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' build-
' Ing, cor. 7th and Market sts., on THURS-
DAY, April 10, at 1:30 o'clock p. m., for the
. purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. HOLLAND SMITH. East Grand.
W. H. GIBSON. X. G.
W. T. NORCROSS, R. S.
8T. ANDREWS Society — Members v <F__>
are requested to attend the funeral !JS Cfrvjj
ci our esteemed fellow member, XkXjfis
WILLIAM McCRINDLE. from th« '^RCT*
' undertaking parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co..
1137 Mission St., TO-DAY (THURSDAY) at
' 10: SO a. m. sharp.
JAMES ROLPH JR., President.
GEORGE ST. J. BREMNER. Sec.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club _¦ «• __
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- £*|JJ
ING, at Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Far- > t*3t_$6
': rell et., at S o'clock. Games com-
znlttee follows; business of Importance.
JOHN H. McINNlS. P.oyal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. -
TEE Associated Veterans of the Mexi- a« j*^
can War — Regular monthly meeting JSfcH-'t
THURSDAY. April 10. at 6 p. m., at _____?
ball, room 142. City Hall.
W. C. BURNETT. President.
W. L. DCyCAK, Secretary.
TEE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from E. J. Challen and John A.
. Tucker In the Topaz Centennial mine, near
Qulncy, Plumas County, to deposit tailings
behind the dam of the Qulncy Mining and
Water Company, in Wauponsie Creek, and
frcm Louis W. Clark and B. D. Dobyns, in
the Golden Needle mine, near Brownsville,
Tuba County, to deposit tailings in Dry
Creek gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room 94. Flood building. San Fran-
clsco. Cal.. on April 14. 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the members of the
Society of Progressive Spiritualists will be
held at their office, S322 Seventeenth et..
SUNDAY. April 13, at the hour of 2 o'clock
p. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of
Directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such business as may
come before the meeting.
JOHN KOCH. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. "
Resolutions, *tc In flrst-cla«s manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post st.
AGEXCY WAXTED.
AGENTS— $10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
G-5li?ht Burners; families, business houses,
benks. churches, private & public buildings
buy at sight ; these burners are what the peo-
I ie are looking for; they do not require a
chlmr.cy'to break)or -wick to trim. & make no
nmcke and dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
expense or trouble. & produce best, cheapest
& cleanest light; it is a great money maker
for agents; 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. 867, Cincinnati. Ohio.
VTE want first-class solicitors everywhere to
eell stock; if you are made of the right kind
of stuff we can show you how to make good
money in the ..ext 12 months; absolutely new
end attractive; has more good, convincing,
talking points than anything else; for a per-
manent business it has no equal; and is es-
pecially adapted to cities and towns of the
Pacific Coast; call mornings. 10 to 12. 319-320
Parrott building, San Francisco.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able end easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
"~~~~~ astrology:
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted; readings
by mall If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. |
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room !
£13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort- i
pages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; •
no advance charges; open eve'a; call or write. :
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
, G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON, 819 Market St.
X_ E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Ft. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN la selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers; repairing; bells, pumps. 301 Larkin at.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
B0AB.DIXG FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — Infant to board; best of care. Ad-
-ress MRS. H. Rv. 1611. Brush St.. Oakland.
BOOKS SEW AXD OLD. *
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A^liooTiALOON witi" mercantile' lunch; 14
rms.; rent $60; close to Palace Hotel; no night
work; a first-class paying 'place; established
years. Call R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $1000; CANDY store and factory; best loca-
tion on Larkin et. ; an elegantly finished store
and fin rt-daes paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $650; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad chops, planing-miUs and lumber
yards. Call R. G. wn*KE. 26% Kearny st.
A — DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profits; stock
invoices about $3500; price $4000; rent $20.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.- »
A — $800; BUTCHER shop; established years;
doing a first-class business; located In Oak-
land; rent $35, Including 7 rooms, 2 horses,
1 wagon, 1 cart. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26 \<t Kearny st. — • ¦
8 A— $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts. ; rent $55, Including 6 pri-
vate rooms*, a bargain. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A — $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone and
laundry office, in booming town across the
bay; place clears above $250 during 8 months
in the year: Investigate at once. R. G.
WILKE. 2U% Kearny gt.
A— $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devisadero Et. ; rent $25; at
lea Ft $800 stock on hand; good business
sickness only cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— *300; RESTAURANT; Third St.; good.
$350 — Firet -class place; lunch house.-
$300 — O'Farrell; restaurant; money maker.
$35 — Fixtures of barber shop; good.
$200 — Fixtures of barber shop; excellent,
bound value for your money.
Buy from us and eave commission.
D. McRAE Furniture Co.. 837 Mission st.
$1800 — COFFEE saloan-in heart of the city;
down town: magnificently fitted throughout;
well established place; everything first -class;
enormous transient business; low rent; re-
ceipt* Justify $3000 Investment; old age the
only cause of sale; best chance In this city.
M. LESS. 131 Montgomery et.. room 4.
A — $650; OYSTER and chop house, 4th, near
Market; $35 day. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $450; RESTAURANT; receipts $25 day;
great b— rgaln. STRAND. -09 Kearny st.ARRIVED.
Wednesday. , April .9.
Ncr'stmr Tellus, Pedersen. 90 hours from
Ladysmith.
Wednesday, April 9.
Strcr Luella, Olsen. for . . ¦
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed ADril 9— Stm.-
John S. 1 Klmball. for San Francisco; bkti
Newsboy, from Everett, for • Sydney.'
¦- •• ¦ o » — ;
HOTEL ABBIVA1S.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
James Roy,. Portland i
H C Webb, Chicago
J McMUlen, Allegheny
G Cassldy. Angel Is
O L Rennington.' Mel
' bourne c^MMM
Mrs J Carter. Oakland
A'R McCarting. Colo j
J W Carlco. Cloyerdale
G.W Dlnamore/Los A
J Wood. . Stockton *
W B Oocd, MarysviUe
G F Wale & w. Or
C P. Mass,' Ohio ..
P Cuttey & w, R Vista
W F.Walker. Boston
J Neweomb. Cincinnati
E J Eachus, Marysv .
A B Carow & fy. '-/
Mont -
T Cleary. Vallejo
¦ Solomon and Dora Getz to Henry Northrup
lot "on'N",llne of . California street. 45 W of
Twenty-first avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10
E. D.- Sawyer to Frank R. Grannis. lot on
SW: corner of Twenty- fifth avenue and -Lake
street, W 120. by, S -75. ' quitclaim deed: 10.
'.: Congregational Associates : to- Plymouth Con
gregatlonal Society, rerecord 1924 D 446 of lot
on SW corner of .Twenty-fifth avenue and Lake
street. : W 120 byS 75; also lot on W line of
Edinburgh street,, 225 N of Persia avenue N
75 by .W« 100; block 37, Excelsior Homestead •
$10. -
-. i Solomon and . Dora . Getz to Ada M. Fox, lot
on S line of Clement street, 107:6 W, of Twenty,
second avenue '¦W 25 by- S 100; $10.'
-j Florence M. * Crum to Oscar Heyman. lot on
SW line of; Sixteenth avenue south. 225 SE of
L street. SE 75 by SW 100. lot' 5." block 323.
v. John. E.. Nelly 'C. Frederick E. and EmIHe
M. Mason to Richard N.- Nason.Mot on- NW
corner of Fifteenth and Utah streets, N 50 bv
W 100: $10.. - ... - " y
, Helena Merslng. (widow) to Nancy E. Brad
shaw, lot on NW - line of Folsom . street 100
SW of Eighth, SW 25 by NW 90: $10.
. Frank H. and Fellta Heidemann to Charles
S.' Healey, lot ' on SWj line of" Seventh street
150 SE of Bryant, SE 25 by SW 80- $10,
•" Joseph Hess to Abraham Sharp: lot on E
line of Larkin street. 86 N from Washington
N 51:6 by E 137:6; also lot on E line of Hol
yoke street. 150 N from Olmstead, . N 50 by E
120. block 7, Paul Tract; also lot on NE corner
of A . street and Twenty-eighth avenue N 125
by E 60; grant. - '/¦-..
. George, Blanche and Frank Atkinson. Susan
Blair, Martha L. R. McPhun (by George S
McComb,- commissioner) to E. M. . Galvln lot
on SE line of Shipley street, 100 NE of FUth
NE 25 by SE 75; $1400.
Katherine E. Koebelln (widow) to Catherine
A. Cook (wife of "Edward E.), lot on S Hne of
Sutter street, 181:6 W- from Leavenworth - W
33:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas W.. Catherine A., Christian C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Llna . C. Bentham. lot on 3
line of Nortti Point street, 112:6 E from Hyde
E 25 by S87:6: $10.
'-Ida J. Moody (widow) to Henry Kohl er, lot
on SE corner of Lombard and Jones streets. ~t£
i:i7:6 by S 137:6; $10. ¦ I v - r ¦ ;.
Pauline- Crocker to Herman Crocker, lot on
W line of Mason street, 117 :6 N from Pacific
N 20 by W 137:6; gift. '
Jeanne M. E. Dunlevy (Dumont) and Marie
M. Dumont fWagner) to Angelo Demarttnl. lot
on S line of Lombard street, 120 W from Du
pont.''W 60 by S 00; $3500.
Anna A. Pitman to 8. Ducas Company (cor
poration). | lot on E line of Eureka street. 160
N from Tweaty-thlrd. N 100 by E 115:9; $10.
August A. and C. W. Marden to Harriet H
Molse, lot on S'llne of Seventeenth street 62-6
W from Diamond. W 62:6 by S 75; $10.
Estate of Samuel Lewis (by Solomon Lewis,
administrator) to Sara E. Huntington. lot mi
N line of Sacramento street, 112:6 E 'trom
Walnut, E 25 by N 102:8%; $1730. "
Mary A. Harriss to Alfred J. Rich, lot on W
line of Baker street, 125 N from Grove, N 25 by
W 125; $10.
Alfred J. Rich to Sarah . Belasco (wife of
Iraac), lot W line of Baker street, 125 S from
Fulton, S 25 by W 125; $10.
Catherine M. Gable (Lohse) to Peter O'Con
nor, lot on S line of Page street, 82:6 E from
Octavla, E 27 :« by S 120, quitclaim deed; $10.
" Peter O'Connor to William F. Humphrey,
same; $10.. ¦-,¦--/ - -' >'- - • ---
Hlbernta Savings and Loan Society to Bridget
A. Daly, lot on SE corner of Vallejo street and
Van Ness avenue, S 26 by E 109; $10,500.
Annie and Philip Fabian to Charlotte B. Ba
ker (wife of Frederick W.), lot on N line of
Broadway. 86 :8 E from Van Ness avenue. E
62:4 by N 137:6; $10.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL' 8.
BEAIi ESTATE TBANS ACTIONS
Mary E. Hlnton (owner) with Theo S. Holn
(contractor). • architect Maxwell G'. Bugbee—
All work except shades and gas fixtures for a
th'ee-story . frame fiat building on E line, of
Ashbury ; street, S7 N of Page. N 27:6 by E
123; $7700. ¦
Daniel L. Randolph and .Sampson Tarns
(owners) with " Keatinc^^fi; Leonard (contrac
tors), architects Meyer & O'Brien — Concrete
foundations, wall and sidewalks for . a four
story and basement brick warehouse on SW
lln» of Spear street. 183:4 SE of Market. SB
78:10 by SW 137 :«; SS460. •
Same owner with J. W. Miller (eontractos).
architects same — Brick and terra cotta work
and .cementing for same on same; S0210.
Same owner with Thomas Day's Sons (con
tractors). ' architects same — Carpenter work,
plumbing painting, tinting. . etc.. for same on
same; $12.540. • t > .
Late Shipping Intelligence.
William Spreen (owner) with Henry Munster
(contractor) agent A. J. • Ko3by — All work fop
a two-story frame building with "basement
(four fiats) and a ' frame stable on E line of
Fifth avenue. 300 N of Clement street. N 50
by E 120; $10,149.
Mrs M.. George (wife of E. F..) (owner) with
'John McCulloch (contractor). T. Paterson Ros*
architect — All work for a . two-story basement
and attic frame building on NW corner of WI1
lard street and Belmont avenue, being lot 12.
block F, Sunset Heights; $3200.
James Rennie (owner) with 'William Knowles
anu George Reichley (contractors), architect
Nathaniel Blalsdell — All work except brick,
concrete work." plumbing, gas fitting, sewering,
trimming hardware, elevator, electrical work,
painting, varnishing, for a four-story base
ment brick building on W. line of Drumm street,
45:10 S' of" Sacramento. W 70'. by N 45:10;
$8170.
Builders' Contracts.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Frank Sprlnz.
nik, lot on S line . of Sweeny street. 200 E of
Merrill, E 25 by S 75.* lot 33. block 8, Tract A.
People's Homestead Association; $10.
Albert M. Armstrong to Thomas Swales, lot
23, block 45, City L. and Association; also lots
9 and 10, block T. Railroad Homestead No. 2;
$300. . .
Solomon and Dora Getz to George S. and
Theodore A. Meuser, lot on E line of Eighth
avenue, 225 N of K street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
A. J. and Elizabeth Walker to James H.
Ptnkerton. lot on W line of Seventh avenue,
30O S of C street, S 25 by "W 120; $10.
Cora A. Morton (Herzstein) (wife of James
H. Morton, formerly Cora Wallace) to Charles
S. Cushing, lot on NE corner of Twenty-nlntl*
avenue and C street, N 240 by E 120; $10.
Charles H. and Addie M. Abbott to Francis
Mitchell, lot on NE corner of Seventh aver.ua
and B street. E 22:6 by N 100; $10.
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association: $10.
The Coast Construction Company has agreed
to resair the breakwater at Section B of tha
seawall and. to furnish 2CC0 tons of rock for
$2!>1O. The offer was referred to the chiei en
gineer yesterday by the commissioaers at their
regular meeting. The board also ordered the
payment of ?!)47 78 to H. M. Newhall & Co.
and $S06 44 to the Hyde Construction Com
pany for materials furnished and labor per
formed.
Harbor Commission Meets.
The American bark St. Kataerlne arrived
yesterday, twenty-four days from Hilo, some
what the worse for rouch handling in a suc
cession of heavy gales. March 17 she en
countered a northeaster that lasted two days.
A southeaster tumbled her about on April 3
and on April 6. about fifty miles W. N. W of
Point Reyes, in another southeaster, she had
her fore and main upper topsails and mala
lower topsail blown away, springing her fore
mast head and main topmast.
St. Katherine's Bough Trip.
Miss Lillie Hudson, 1013 Golden Gato
avenue, secured warrants from Judge
Fritz yesterday for the arrest of Mrs;
Florence Homan wife of Ed Homan of
the Midway Plaisance, on charges of bat
tery and threats against life. Miss Hud
son alleged that Mrs. Homan met her in
the" Emporium Tuesday afternoon.' struck
her several times with a horsewhip and
then threatened to kill -her." 1 -- - -.
Woman Uses Horsewhip.
James McFarlane, a stalwart marina
on the battleship Wisconsin, was convict
ed by Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge
of battery upon an officer and was sen
tenced to pay a fine of $100, with the al
ternative of nfty days' imprisonment in
the County Jail. Early Tuesday morning
Policeman Engel found McFarlane lying
in a drunken stupor at the corner of
Kearny and California streets. The offi
cer roused him up and taking hold of his
arm advised him to go home. McFarlane
struck Engel a violent blow on the
mouth, knocking- two of his teeth out.
Knocked Policeman's Teeth Out.
Non-Union Man Is Beaten.
Eugene Hayes and Michael Desmond
appeared In Judge Mogan's court yester
day on a charge of batteTyy and the cases
were continued till to-morrow. Tuesday
afternoon they attacked Nicholas Wahl
qulst of 331 Beale street, at Beale and
Howard streets, knocking him down and
kicking him on the head and body. Wahl
quist had to be taken- to the Harbor Hos
pital for treatment. When Policemen
vvinzler and Desmond arrested the de
fendants and asked why they had at
tacked Wahlqulst they replied, "Because
he is a scab."
Attorney Blakeman took the stand, and
in resDonse to the requests of Attorney
Leicester for the creditors promised to
give all the details to-day of the fees
paid him by Mrs. Bell. It is expected that
Blakeman will deliver some interesting
testimony when he takes the stand this
morning' relative to the operations of
George Staacke, a fonner_executor of the
estate, who was removed on ground3 of
collusion with litigants and fraud.
The developments in the hearing of the
contest of the creditors of the Bell es
state against the allowance of the annual
account' or Mrs. Bell, the special admin
istratrix, were unimportant yesterday.
Mrs. Bell occupied tjje stand all day,
and gave testimony relative to the items
which are In dispute.
Mrs. Bell was asked to explain why she
allowed Attorney Blakeman a lump tea
of $5000 for services and why the ac
count was not segregated, inasmuch as
the i services were performed in several
litigations.' The witness deemed the fee
a very , moderate one, and to the latter
part of the query answered that she could
not be expected to keep the details or
her accounts In her head.
ELAKEMAN'S FEE THE
STTBJEC7P OF INQUIRY
On Thursday night he will address a
district meeting in San Jose, on Friday
he will be in Sacramento, on Saturday he
will be with the workmen of Fresno and
on the following Monday he will talk to
the workmen of Los Angeles.
On Monday night a number of the
Grand- Lodge officers will accompany
him to Oakland, where he will deliver
his first address. The following night he
will assist in conferring the junior work
man and master workman degrees on
Mayor E. E., Schmitz. On Wednesday
night all the local lodges will assemble
on Bush street, between Montgomery and
Sansome. and, headed by the grand offi
cers of the workmen, will escort the dis
tinguished visitor to the Metropolitan
Temple, where he will be tenderea a re
ception. , There will be an address of
¦welcome by Past Supreme Master Work
man W. H. Jordan, a response by the
visitor and an address by Grand Master
Freeman.
Supreme Master Workman A. C. Har
wick of the Ancient Order .of United
Workmen will arrive in this city Sunday
night. He will remain in California about
ten days, and arrangements will be made
to hold district meetings in his honor in
various cities. . - 3HS!filP4S>«5
City and in Other Parts of
the State.
A. C. Harwick to Visit Hedges of This
WORKMEN TO ENTERTAIN
THEIR SUPREME MASTER
THE SAX FRANCISCO GAX-L^ THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1902.
11
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH ; Storage . and Moving Co.,
'.-. Qffice Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage /Warehouse. 840 MIs-
slon, st. ; tel. Howard 941. , F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main : 1S40; shipping at cut rates. _
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 23"0 Fillmore st. ;• phone 'Jackson 231. :
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. .
GREAT^A^GAlNsiSrTYPEWRITERS— Wo
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3." The Typewriter
-.'Exchange, C3(i California Main 2G6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
¦•*. typewriter doctors; estimate free. 200 Sansome.
TYP^WRITiyqAyD MIMEOGRAPHIKG.
EXPERT typewriting 4c folio; copies, 2c : mlm-'
¦ cographing. 027 Market.. rm.' 301; Jessie 1554.
¦¦-.; ¦-.-'••."¦' r proposals.
FROPOSALS for . purchase of U. S. -Army
.. transport • ROSECRANS.— Office " of General
. Superintendent, Army Transport Service. 36
,. New Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.,
April". 1002. : — Sealed proposals. In triplicate.
for the purchase of - the Army transport
-ROSECRANS will be received In this office
until 12 m., April 24. 1002, and then "opened.
• Vessel to be delivered to^successful bidder in
. ' San Francisco, . Cal. The appraised value cf
snid- vessel Is one hundred thousand dollars.
m The Government . reserves the right to reject
any or all proposals. ¦ Envelopes f containing
proposals should -, be : Indorsed "Proposal for
purchase of Army transport ROSECRANS,"
' and addressed to the General Superintendent.
Army_Transport Service. San Francisco. Cal.
. " Particulars > as to . bonds required, and: in-
formation as' to the character, of vessel, etc.',,
furnished, on application. ' .
OFFICE of ( C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., ""¦ March 14, 1002. — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m., April 14, V 1902, for . furnishing fuel at
military posts in this department for fiscal
year commencing ' July . 1, 1902. " " Information ,
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
'U.S.' reserves right .to reject or accept any
or all proposals or any part thereof. Envel-
opes containing proposals should be marked:
' '"Proposals for Fuel at ;" addressed J.
. W. JACOBS.- C. Q. M. ' v
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
'.The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: .
Andrew Chesney, 28, city, and Maenard E.~
McMichael, . 22, . city.
-Thomas F. Douglass, 27, 3262 Twenty-second
'street, and Anna G. ' Andrews, 27, 3262 Twenty-
second street. .¦':. " J .
William Munro, 45, Point. Arena, and Agnes
B. Comman," 32, "Santa-Cruz.
Frederick H. Siebe, 21, 1419*5 Mission street,
and Charlotte ' H. : Barthold. 21, 1024 Golden
Gate . avenue.*^ . .
Bert Reader, 23, Oakland, and Dalsle E.
Cook,' 23, . Santa Rosa. _
-Morris Rosenfeld, 28, 1506 Frauldin street,
and Millie Diamond, 21, 1155 Folsom street.
. Charles Ribolzl. 27, 12 Croke^ street, and
Clorlnda Canepa, 21. 314 Union street.
Manuel Mendoza. 29, 236 Sutter street, and
Irene Suarez, 18, 236 Sutter street. '.
Anthony H. Hansen, 31, city, and Elizabeth
G. Mitchell, 24, city, i
'.: Giovanni Blanchl, 29, 1957 Stockton street,
and Annie Devoto, 19, 5 Bartol - street. /
Isaac W. Thorne, 29, 813 Sutter street, and
Josephine J. WilaQn, 28, 1953 Pine street.
Joseph A. Fltzpatiick, 21, city, and Eliza-
beth C. McDonald, IS. city.
Daniel G. CaSwell, 37, Thunder Mountain,
Idaho, and Berths. M. Phillips," 30, Schoolcraft,
Mich. • ¦-. . '. ' -¦¦' v ¦ ' ' ' ¦
John J. Whelan. 25, 20 Twelfth street, and
Bessie McFadden, 25, 20 Twelfth street.
Harry Levy^ 24, 524 Lyon street, and Chris-
tina- F. Henne, 20, 3S3 Fulton street.
" Louis' P. Brant.- 53. city, and Antonla F.
Bandmann, 52,. city. >
r.SMantero Shiroshita, 32, 1015 California
street, and Ful Tokuta. 22, 920 Sacramento st.
I- BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
, Birth, marriage " and death notices sent . by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. '
' . BOBN.
BEAN— -In this city. April 8, 1902, to the -wife
j of Thomas 'J. Bean, a son. . .
BREIT — In this city, March 31, 1002, ' to the
¦wife of Philip Breit (nee Goldman), a son. j
MITCHELJj — In this city. April 9, 1902, to
• the wife of George E. Mitchell, a son.
WALSH— Iri this city, March 30, 1902, to the
wife of . William G. Walsh, a daughter.
MAEEIED. .
BLUM— MANHEIM— In this city, April 6,
1002,' by R6bbl. Isidore Myers, .Ell Blum and
- Ada Manhelm. ' ,. ' \. .
CAHN— BLOCK-r-In this city. jAprll 6, 1902,
by Rabbi 'Isidore Myers,. Henry S. Cahn and
. Martha A. Block.
CALSEN— BOLGEN— In this city, April 8.
1902, " by Rev. ' O. Groensberg, -Martin • A.
Calsen and Anna M. Bolgen. ' =
CASWELL— PHILLIPS— In this city. April D.
1902, by Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. Dan-
iel German Caswell of Thunder Mountain,
Idaho, and. Bertha. M. . Phillips of . School-
craft, -Mich. ¦-.•'." .'.
HASSELL — GREEN— In this city, April 9,
• '1902, William P. Hassell and Josephine A.
-,'. Green, both of San ¦' Francisco.
POULSSON— HUSBY— In this city. April 9,
1902, by Rev. O. • Groensberg. Peter Johan
- Poulsson and Johanne Husby.
. Bresnau,' Catherine ' . ¦ Meyn, Charles , . .
' Campbell, John . : .. ¦ Millar. Catherine . s
. Cardiff, Joseph R. v . . Pohlmelr, Dorethea
Daly, : John R. Rettig, . Conrad
Dowd, Ann ¦ '¦."¦.: -, . Bcsencrantz, Rossle
Eckstein, ¦ Mary E. Smith, Holland
Harrigan, Joha. .' ' Snook, Mrs. Minnie
' Keefe, James B. Sones, Matilda
MacKenzle.. Carrie Tidd, -Elsie -:
McCrindle. William Werner, Prof. Ernst
McDaniels. Claude Worth. Elizabeth A.
McEntee. James D. Wright.- Elisha B..
BRESNAU— In Oakland, April 9, 1902, ; Cath-
erine Bresnau, beloved wife of Patrick Bres-
i nau, and . sister of William Brodrick of
Yonkers, N. Y,, and. niece of the late Mrs.
. John ' McCounallo, a native of Ireland, aged
.49 years. : '' ... .',
Cy Notice of funeral. hereafter. -, ' „
CAMPBELL— In Sausallto, April 9, 1902, John
• Campbell, > beloved . father of Katie Agnes.
' W. H., Lizzie, Florence and H. J. Camp-
• bell, and brother of -Dorcas Campbell and
Rebecca Fisk, a native of British Guiana,
aged '54years.'; •• ¦ '¦¦ ¦ ¦ ,'-" ¦- ' "
'¦ ' |c?"Notice 'of funeral hereafter. .- .
CARDIFF— Iii. this city, April 9, 1902, "Joseph
R. Cardiff, ¦ beloved son of Richard R. and
Margaret Cardiff,- and -brother of .Walter H.
Cardiff, > .- Mrs. ; Emily '. Gordon ' ' and , Mr*.
Mabel .Ruppel, , a native of San Francisco.'
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully : Invited to attend funeral services Frl-
day, April 11, 1902. r at 1 .o'clock, at his
late residence, 561 Natoma street. Interment
Presidio Cemetery.
MEMBERS ' of Company E, First Regiment
-Infantry, N. G. C, are ordered to. report at
Armory at 12:30 o'clock, Friday. April 11, in
;¦" fatigue uniform, from thence to attend the
' funeral of our deceased comrade. . Joseph R
Cardiff. By farder ¦ -J; H. JORDAN,
' ;•.-".' Capt. .Com'd's Co. E. I
DALY— In this city, April 9, 1902, John R.
Daly, beloved brother of Mary A. Pippy and
the late Mrs. E. Medbury and William H.
Daly of . New York; a.. native, of England,
aged 58 years 2 months and 16 days.
"¦¦- tt?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
DOWD— In Stent, ", Tuolumne , ¦ County, • Cal.,
April 1, 1002, Ann,, beloved wife of the lat.»
P. T. Powd. and mother of Vincent F. and
* John. Stephen Dowd, Mrs. Ed R.' Coleman
* and . the late James H. Dowd. a native of
' County Roscommon, /Ireland, aged 65 yeara
¦ and 3 months.: - " ¦
;. (C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited', to .'attend- the • funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
f Of 3 McAvoy ' & Cd.', 1239 I Market /"street, be-
' tween Eighth and" Ninth,' thence to St. Paul's 1
Church,, where a "solemn requiem mass will
be 5 celebrated . for the repose of . her . soul,
v commencing at 9:30 o'clock. "> Interment Holy
ICross Cemetery. ¦ : ' . . : ¦ -, .
ECKSTEIN— In this city, April 9. 1902. ,'at
H EN R Y (j. C ALrL AOH ER ; CO;
• (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher./ :
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN, >Mgr.- '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
, . - 20 Fifth -st., opposite Lincoln School. •"¦¦
¦ . . '•¦ / v : ¦ .Telephone South 80. - . :: ; ¦ •
Mt; Olivet Gemeteryj
> .- •>'< .:> NEAREST- THE CITY..
Officse, 916 -Market Street.
i Vr.'/, '.'.;,, .Telephone Bush' 367. ' *. .-. , '¦..
r'-i^tlAMBS^McGINN;-..:
- Formerly " with . McGinn •. Bros.;" has > opened
.new Funeral : Parlors at .214. Eddy St., bet.
i Taylor and Jones." .""Telephone , South 576. » r;
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
i "' Samuel i McFadden, 18 years . manager for
' the United .Undertakers'- Association; M- J. r
i McBrearty. '¦¦ with ¦ the same company for 18
j years; , P. . F: Green,'- late, with -. J. . C. O'Con-
¦*ni>t &'.Co.*have opened' new -Funeral Par-
.lors at. 1171- Mission ¦; st.; "¦ :. between • Seventh
j. and $ Eighth.';; Telephone ;• South » 44." .-;" '"
" REWSOyEDS
'¦'."" : ' : A^oCSIlSfJV BROS., -
FUNERAL " DIRECTORS % and EMBALM-.
'¦ ERS, : to- 224 and i 228 McAllister- St.- (For-
imerlv of 31 Edd".st. ".: Tel.' South 252.) '
LOST AXD -FOUND. '-¦ |
in'<'ljt!) tbe way trom Twenty-sixth and
«TMton ic. -1"1 B St.. North Oakland, lady's
,-Vd watch cmcravi-d case. "C. to M." Be-
ttra to above address or 1051 Market Bt.. S.
f"' end receive reward.
rTicrlltirall gold locket, between March 31
nnu -Vpril 5. containing a boy's picture and a
lock of hair: initials E. G. engraved on out- j
v-.dp; S3 reward if returned to MRS. GISIN.
•ji.-is'sixteenth st- ' • . .
r^jcf At Oakland ferry or thereabouts, a gold
locket **** 3 diamonds and 3 emeralds; ini-
tials T. to K. Reward at 2437 Harrison st- /
i. 4\-pBAG. baby's bonnet, purse, money and
kevs. Reward, 111 Hawthorne st. -
\n<zj— Sailboat Eugene: liberal reward for in-
formation or return. The M. B. MORAGHAN
OYSTER CO.. CS California Market.
LOST— Piles marked with four ax cuts. Find-
rrs please notify City Street Improvement
Company. Mills building.
jX will r*y to "Remember" that the Cn!lfer-
n:s Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter Ft., nrmis old
pcld and yilver to make new watch case?.
MATRIMONIAL. "
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
~~MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.'
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphot-
tttry; Al earptt cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
ft.; tel. Bush 421.
£rats. iron beds: mattresses; pillows;- window
shades. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: teL Main 730.
MEDICAL..
A— DR- O'DONNELL. world-renowned specL&t-
jet. — LaClea, all who are 6ick or In trouble.
r coaruH the specialist on female complaint*;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cs&ec; free, ccnfldentlal advice on all subjects
cf a delicate nature. DR. Q. W. O' DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate of Koyal University.
Berlin. In midwifery cases; takes ladles before
and during confinement; best of care; confine-
ment. (15; room and board. $5 week; infanta
adopted; will take 2 to work at my private resl-
cence. €06 Guerrero St.. nr. 18th; teL Blue 411.
MRS. V. WJTETH— Well-known reliable ladies'
specialist ; 30 years' experience; instant relief
jruaranteed: home in confinement. Removed
to 10CS% Market st.. opposite Fitb.
1IKS. D. KOHL — Well-known ladies' special-
ist, removed to IOCS^4 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable epeclal-
iei; maternity hospital; home for infants fi«e;
tee low. S*O6 Market St.. opp. Emporium..
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and darin*
confinement: best medical care; low fee*.
KINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; bom*
is confinement. 1128 Market st.. S. F.
DR. ROSEN", ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007% Market: avoid delay; $10.
MRS- DAVIES. ladies' specialist, at old office,
122S Market Et. ; no branch office.
DR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. oppoaltt
Usicn square; ell diseases cured by herbs.
POn_J ALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand mach: ;ry. McIX-
TOfeH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
4Sxl6-INCH air receiver and fitting: 36xl4-tnch
air receiver and fittings; 5ixlC-inch oil tank
ar.d connections; 48xl6-lnch oil tank and con-
nections; square and round tanks, all sizes,
T4xlO inches; return tubular boiler, all com-
plete; Atlas engine, Dow pump, all second
hand. 100-132 Beale Et. H. 6. WHITE.
KOR SALE — At 744 Hission et., marble wash-
stands and mantels, doors, windows, bath
and complete toilet f>.u<l all kinds of good
building - material. Parties wishing came
must call at once.
A — BCYS, tel! or rents gear, machinery, en-
frineb, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 233-255 Spear St.
BAR fixtures: big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
MARBLE — For sale cheap: ten new scrolls,
large and small, single or all together, at
tfce Tell House, Ocean View.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora-nats. $1 75, Popular
Price Hatlere, S30 Kearny st.,, near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PAP.LORS. 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — CO chickens. 19 Rutledge ave., near
San Bruno road. '
BARGAIN; a good bicycle. 2 bedsteads, some
oak rockers, chairs and tables. S74 Howard.
150.000 HARD, cleaned second-hand brick, $S
per I00U.. DOLAN CO.. 1611 Market st.
FINE co'w'and calf,' 246 £lile~sL". off' Cortland"
avenue.
BOAT?, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
$40 — FRENCH range; 8-foot; second hand.
HOCKING & ADAMS, 3SS Geary st.
SAFES^ — New and second hand. THE . HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento St. .
ALL sizes men's shoes. Elightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2d 6ts.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters <all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
GASOLINE engines, all sires, new and 2d-hand
end launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale *t.
3IISCELLAXEOCS WAXTS. V
WE pay $5 per 100 for names; send 10c for
blank book and particulars. The French
Chemical Co.. 241 N. Fifth st. Phlla.. Pa.
WANTED — For cash, good second-hand fire-
proof Ea?e; 23 inches deep. Address, giving
price, box 4S50. CalL
EIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— Twin baby buggy. Address 1175
Shot well Et. -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th et.; tel. Jessie 285L
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
eend postal: will call. Box 4337, Call office.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnEWorthEIectricalWks..418Turk.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 ExarnlnerluK
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates?. .IT. „?
On First and Second Mortgages .. I " '.
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate"
Financial Problems of all sorts and sires"
IF TOU NEED MONET. ..
See HERMAN MURPHY. O01-C02 Examiner*
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at $Vi and 6 per cent In sums to suit-
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. 7TH FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery et.. room 3.........
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates -in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interest*, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave/. near
Gtary et. ; phone Red 1C03.
ANT amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery St., room 7, opp. Lick House".
$500,000 AT 6 per cent, in sums to suit In city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ocd mortc*. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. SO Geary «t., room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates: confiden-
_JjaJ. WHITEHEAD <Wilson'e). 1710 Market.
£• F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
_.,. people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO. 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick; j
lowest interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market Et., room 08.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission: conflden-
_JjgJj Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING, «16 Examiner big.; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. et 2 per cent without removal;
( no brokerage charged ; confidential ; open evea.
O. A LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; interest lew; also eaey payment loans.
110 UP oi furniture, pianos, no com.: private
t*rty. £t.. Ann's b!dg., II Eddy. rm. 72,\*tb fir.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
'¦-':'; ALAMEDA' .REAL y ESTATE; ' '¦¦' v ; \
BARGAINsinBARGAINS! JBABOAlNsTEsisS
51200 buys a good cottage, - 4 ' rooms : : and
bath;"lot 50x150; a snap.'. ,-..'':¦¦-:. - •
\ ,;$2500 buys S-room house; lot' 35x150; a bar-'
¦ ¦ Batn?'^?!feajK5^® ! *X Il! i* 8O '~ ¦'•- ¦¦" •'¦' - '¦ ':¦¦'¦¦ ';'..
See the ALAMEDA LAND CO., .
. . 1500 Park st., Alameda. -\ :¦
. Homes built, .rented ¦ and exchanged. . ,. ;
THERE are still a few lots left on Santa Clara
' ave., -near Sherman st. ; wiji build on terms to
suit. ~ .-.¦ .--..- ; . ¦;-, ;•¦•;¦:.; ,...;-< ¦....-
$2650 — New. cottage; 6 rooms;' Webber St.;
lot 60x120. J , H. YOUNG,- Builder, • '
1 .-;.•¦••-. "•:¦•"' 1243 Park st. ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE. : ,V - :
MUST be sold; owner leaving for southern part
of State; handsome ' house | of '11- rooms • and
bath; good location; fine view; lot .7.0x160;
will sell at sacrifice to make quick sale. Ap-
ply JOS. J. MASON'." Real Estate. , Berkeley
station.' '.-''•- ". . '"-,
COTTAGE of 7 rooms . and - bath ; high • base-
' ment; easy payments. ¦ MURDOCK, 514 Pine..
OAKLAND ADVERtlSEMENTSn
OFF1CE-4I118 BUOAlJWAY;v
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE. ; .
$500 CASH,. $20 monthly— 5-room cottage; 4 1-3
acres ; artesian wells ; .. outbuildings ; ' immense
shade trees; profusion of . shrubbery; creek
: running water the year round; superb soil and
¦ finely sheltered; away from fogs and winds;
an ideal spot for a home; city water and
1 sewer; street macadamized; electric carsfront
the property; ' postof flee, school, churches,
stores, etc.; business center; a rare buy; East
Oakland ; price all told, $3500. .. Call or send
for circular, 455 Seventh' St., opposite Broad-
way Station, Oakland; carriage free. ¦ H. Z.
JONES. "'. "» ¦ : . .'¦ .;';'
$1000-^-A BARGAIN ; a 2-story building of 10
rooms in 2 flats; ; lot 33x90 feet '. rented' for
$22 per month;, owner going East. HUGH
M. CAMERON, 1058 Broadway." .
¦-__."¦ __^ _¦_._ '^EXCHANGE. ' ":._^^_j
FINE corner, 100x100, with house, to exchange
for 3 flats In city. Apply 326 Ellis St., S.^F.
OAJ«^ND^JFU^XJTJ[JRJB^^^^^S^LE^
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.-
SCHELLHAAS, 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
> FOR. HOUSEKEEPING.^^
B^LLT^T^eT^lT^S^Jarket— Parlor suite, .-with
kitchen; gas^range; $20; 'other rooms. ', r '
ELLIS, 802 — Sunny front suite, furnished for
housekeeping; reasonable.': .- :. • • ...,'
GOLDEN GATE AVE., .622 — Sunny bay-win- !
I dow suite; 2 rooms; gas range, .bath, .. etc.
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front and back parlor suite,-
complete for housekpg. $25; other euite, $18.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished large
housekeeping rooms; $7, $8.' ".
LARKIN; 804^Sunny back bedroom and kltch-.
en neatly furnished: no small children;. $11.
LINDEN ave., 324— A pleasant sunny front
room; housekeeping, with use of kitchen. "• ¦••
MISSION, 949— 3 ' sunny ; furnished rooms' for
housekeeping. " .'-'"" ' '"¦
OCTAVIA, 155— Furnished; kitchen" or light
housekeeping; newly renovated. • ' . ¦
OCTAVIA, 1303. corner ' Geary— Sunny parlor;'
folding bed; kitchen; gas stove; single, $8 up.'
O'FARRELL, 431 — Suite . sunny rooms; fur-
nished for housekeeping. . .-
POLK, 522 — Bay-window ..front sunny 'fur-
. nlshed .rooms for housekeeping; .
POWELL, 1006, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms. $16;
3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Nicely furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms;- free gas and
stove; model house; $4. $6, $8 and $10.
¦TEHAMA, 331 — 3 large sunny furnished house-
keeplng rooms to let. MRS. FOLEY.
TEHAMA, .478, nr. Sixth — Sunny flat for house-
keeping; parlor, 2 bedrooms, dining-room and
kitchen, $20; ho children. : . ¦ : «
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - • " ' -
ROOMS. .TO ;I,ET-— Fnrn.'ana tnfurii.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day • upward ; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
- grill room In California attached. ¦.'¦.'¦¦'.•.:.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms.
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night...
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath,, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old' No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAY, - 1613 — Furnished front room ¦ in \ pri-
I vate family, , with bath and phone; rent $15.
¦ CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms ; prices . reasonable.
F.LEGANTLY furnished front room,- for one or
i two. 4523 Clay st. ' ' : '
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished rooms,
35c, $1.50 night; $1 50, $6 wk; open all night.
ELLIS, 685. corner Larkln— Bay-window al-
cove, with mantel; 2 or 3 men preferred. : '
GEARY.405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, -428 (The Gage) — An elegant -suit of
sunny rooms; also -single; • the above house
has changed hands and been t renovatedt ¦
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L.' H. C., 23
— Montgomery st..' . room .14.. '¦-.'>. ...'.'..
GROVE, - 20 — Sunny: furnished -.room;" rent
reasonable; eentlemen only. - "' *
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome suites;'
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA, 667, . cor. Elghth-^-Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient, -
NEW ARLINGTON, • 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms; $2 a week, up; .35c a day up.. .
O'FARRELL,' 20 — Sunny furnished rooms (and
offices; elevator, elec.- lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House." 126 • Ellis— Incandescent light,
v reading-room, : smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c, to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN. Apartment" House, 28 Eighth ot.;
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1022% nr. Hyde---Large double par-
lors. furnished; sun all day; phone. ;
TAYLOR, 810— Sunny front room,' $8; another,
$10; quiet, r.elect location. ¦ : -,...,
TURK, 543 — Clean, quiet single .room with
•bath; $5 • per- month ; private family. .. ; -^ i ¦; :
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands ;" newly-
renovated;, turn. ; suites.. Mrs. V. W.'. Miller.,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and- subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. {
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements arid
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' . .
ROOMS -AND \ BOARD. ;•
MEREDITH 218 : Turk— Sunny - front . rooms;
electric lights ; hot and cold water ; modern ;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 821). j
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
-family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LIBERTY, '- 30,1V, near <* Valencia— Nice i sunny
, ' rooms, .with board ; "Mission warm belt. I . :,
MISSION,'.. 1620— Furnished i room . for 1' or: 2
. gentlemen, with good board. > ..,-. ;.
VAN, NESS. 015-rExcellent board and room
; for couple, $45 ; single; $20. '. . '. ; V-'<-
VAN: ; NESS, 607— To; b.'- refined, couple; .larga-
sunny.: parlor.V with board, in 1 - private .home.'
SUTTER, 949— Elegant furnished - rooms ; pri-
.vate family; newly furnished; board optional.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished .'.suajiy
single rooms," first-class table board.;
ROOMS AND DOARD WANTED. •
WANTED-^omfortable ¦-' home and /care for
y elderly . gentleman ,- partially paralyzed. ' Ad-
,-,': dress, •¦ stating terms, box 4822, jCall office.
WANTED— Room " and " board ?,byv lady In ex-
'¦< change- for.) new j bicycle. v Box 470S, .Call: • - .
.:¦ LEGAL; ADVERTISEMENTS.. .
OFFICE of , the ¦ Sierra - Railway ' Company f of
¦ California. 229 Crocker bldg., *. San 'Francisco. '
"Cal.. 1 April 1., 3 902— Coupon No." 10,, due April
<t 12 '1902, from 'first mortgage 6 per cent bonds
s of'jtheSierra Railway Company "of Callfor-L
- nla; will be paid at the fiscal, agency of; this
1 • company, <-- the Crocker- Woolworth > National
' Bank ¦" of . San Francisco.- Cal;. ? on ' and , after
' ; that date.- 8/ P. FRESHMAN." Treasurer. ?.-'
,. ' -¦'; .- .'¦ :SPECIAL;^]VOTICES.^ : -. 1;--'O
BAD tenants i ejected . for $4 : : collections . made ;
. .city ror' country.. .PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ •* CO.; 415 . Montgomery;-: rooms . 9-10; < tel.- 6580/'
MOXEV^ TO^XOAX—Contlnneil. _ I
HIGHLY respectable - private- place ¦ to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry. at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry - Store, S4li
Market st.:. tel. Main 1044. . Branch : 19 Third.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture; no removal. Garthels, 20S Post.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. S02 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
mdorser. MORRELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. C Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MCSK!Ali INSTRUMENTS^*?
BEAUTIFUL cased, rich-toned pianos, with
the finest action can be had from us at such
low prices and easy terms that any one can
afford to buy; In fact It is better, to buy
than rent. We sell the Deckei»-Wlssner-Iiau-
meister and Sjtoddard. and you c*.inot fall to
be pleasod v/lth them. Call and l.iok, even
if you hre not quite ready to buy. TDK
ZEN'O MAUVAla MUSIC CO.. 7«*9 Mar-cet.
ALTHOUGH . many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
• offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Etelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. :
AS our new building and hall is not y*ite
completed we are making a cut on. all our
pianos. Some special bargains — 1 Knabe. $95;
• 1 Heine. $185; 2 Steinways. $1C5; 3 Chlcker-
ings, $140 to ?170; and 20 others. Squares,
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
/CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
fjecend-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
I.lanos from $175 up. BENJ CURTAZ &
BON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckerlng. Mason
and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANT piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular .
price; coEts you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. ' 30
O'Farrell st.: established 1850. ¦'
DEALERS, big profits caved on unredeemed
pianos; selling for storage and advances: up-
rights. $37 up (wonderful). WILSON'S Stor-
age. 1710 Market St. . . - ¦ ¦ ¦
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
et.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. ¦
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, . $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes at.
ALMOST now large, size Stelnway upright left
• on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
Moving East; 'must dispose of large, handsome
upright grand piano; 3rd cost. 1000 Van Ness.
1 FINE old violin for sale; cheap. 3502% MIb-
sion st.
BYRON MAUZY, 30S-31O-312 Post «t.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. .-
3- LEADING pianos — Stelnway,: Chickering,
Weber; other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, ne'arljr
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 -Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LOFT for. rent, 40x65 feet,, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water; $16 month.
WM. LOANE, plumber, 439 Fifth St.
EMMA EPRECKELS building. 927 Market st.—
Light, - cheerful offices, $15@$25 per month;
light, heat, janitor and telephone. . -
PACIFIC. 328, near Sansome — Handsome, large
store; cheap. . '."j . . .-' ¦
LARGE store with basement. Just below Kear-
ny, to lease; also office rms. <336 Clay, rra. 1.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE.- 130-132 Beale st.
PAINTERS AXD. DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 318 3d st.;.tel. Red. 3821.
PAPERING room, walls, $3; painting, $1;
whitening; 75c Samuelson. 315 Golden Gate.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
~ ~ PALMISTRY. ~~~ . • -.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 9 and 10, The Vendome. l]04 Market
St.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m.: horoscopes cast
by mall, $1; palmistry taught. - - ¦ .
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to A. 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837. :
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor Et.. bet. Geary and PostUel. Black 561.
___-^ PERSOyALS.^^^ ~~
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS, U.17 Market
st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE Facial Massage during April, using cele-
brated Los Angeles preparations of
FANNY BRIGGS CARR
Will remore moth patches, wrinkles, cure
. the worst pimpled face. 123 Stockton Et.
A— HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a cure or no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post st.
ON and after this date the undersigned will not
be responsible for any bills contracted by my
wife. Mrs. Millie Randhahn. Dated San Fran-
clsco. April 7. 1902. RICHARD RANDHAHN.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 MaTket, nr.6th.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
£5c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per .week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wo\-e rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
i Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
! same as white shirts; selection 800 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 50c: hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle.1702 Mkt. op.lOth.
A FIRST-CLASS shampoo for 50c; hair dried
In 10 minutes: hair dressing. 25c. G. LED-
ERER. 123. Stockton st. ':
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless: free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor, 721 Market st. ¦ ' • ': •
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
WHITE enamel iron- beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332O'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists: superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
DR. THIELE,' German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy St., corner Mason. "
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous. hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. Went 259.
Masquerade, costumes at H. Anderson's, . theat-
- rlcal costumer.. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.'
Electric & electrlc-llght baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traveree,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books; wigs;
c^lntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt;
TAILOR-MADE rults, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Mieflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush .and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
~7~ PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
P.UPTURE and plies cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden&Porterneld. 6 Turk.
A DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
turgeon. at 4S4 Valencia et.; hours 10. to 8.
DR C. C. O' DONNELL^-Of flee and residence,
1021 U Market st... bet. -.Sixth and Seventh.
her residence, 3184 Twenty- third street. Mary
¦ E., beloved wife of C. W. Eckstein, "and
mother > of ¦ C. and ¦ Eva ¦ Eckstein, a , native
• of Salem, Ohio, aged 51 years 10 months
H and 0 days. -
i " - C7 Remains - at the parlors of Porter &
White, 122 Eddy street. Notice of funeral
hereafter. - . ¦ \ ' „
HARRIGAN— In this city, April 8. 1002. Johi
Harrigan, beloved : son of Mrs. C. Harfisan,
and brother of Mrs. M. Kirby, Mrs. J. Benn.
C. - J. Harrigan and James Harrigan of New .
York, Mrs. M. Hayes and the late Mrs. J.
C. Harrington, a native of County Limerick,
Ireland, aged 54 . years. (New York papers
=. please copy.) ¦" s., ¦ ...
¦ :E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day-
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his la '.e
residence, 928 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's v Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass -will be celebrated for the repose
of . his soul at 9 o'clock. ' (Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KEEFE— In Napa City, April 8. 1902, James
' B. ; Keefe. beloved son of the late Susan
Urry, and brother of Daniel J., John R.,
George E." and : the late Richard W. Keefe.
a native ; of Ireland, aged 49 years and 4
months. .
E7"FuneraI from ' the parlors of N. Gray
; & Co., 641 . Sacramento street, on Thursday,
April 10, at 2 o'clock.- Interment private.
MacKENZIE— In this city. April 9, 1902. Car-
rie Rena. "beloved wife of Roderick K. Mac-
Kenzle, . and mother of Irene Isabella Mac-
Kenzle, a native of Indiana, aged 26 years
7 months and 6 days.
McCRINBLE— In this' city, April 8, 1900.
William. . beloved husband of Lillias Mc-
Crindle, and father of L. W. and W. . W.
McCrindle. Mrs. '. R. Rae and Mrs. E. "Wal-
lace, a native ! of Ayrshire, Scotland, aged
72 years 4 months and 3" days.
(ETTriends and acquaintances and officers
and members of St. Andrew's Society an?
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Thursday), . at 10:30 o'clock, from
the parlors and H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mis-
sion etreet, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment private at Mount Olivet Cemetery
by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
McDANIELS — In the City and County Hospi-
tal, ADril 9, 1902, Claude McDaniels, a na-
tive of .Georgia, aged 21 years. - —
McENTEE— In this city, April 8," 1902, James
D., beloved son of Patrick and Mary E/ Me-
. Entee, and brother of Esther, . Claire, i Helen
. "and Willie 'McEntee. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 5 months and 22 days. /
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 28 Ms Madison avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. _
MEYN— In Oakland, April 8. 1902. Charles
Meyn (Weythroff), dearly beloved son of
Mrs. Dora Weythroff, and stepson of John
Weythroff, and dearly beloved brother of
Mrs. E. C. Ballard. a uatlve of San Fran-
. Cisco,' aged 20 years and 17 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
April 11. at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ¦ 663 Grove street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland. ' -
MILLAR— Near Dlxon, Cal.. April 9, 1902.
Catherine, beloved wife of James Millar, and
mother of Dr. Robert F. Millar. Mrs. C. H.
Bell and Dr. James "B. F. Millar.
ETFuneral Friday at 2 o'clock from Pres-
byterian church, Dlxon.
POHLMEffi— In this city, April 9. 1902,
Dorethea Pohlmelr, beloved wife of the late
William Pohlmelr. a native of Germany,
aged 69 years. ,
RETTIG— In Alameda, April 0, 1902, Conrad
Rettig, beloved husband of Sophia Rettig.
and father of Mrs. L. B. Kllmeyer and
[ August Rettig, a native of Baden. Germany,
aged 53 years 3 months and 15 days.
(D^Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROSENCRANTZ— In this city. April 9. 1902.
Rossie Rosencrantz. dearly beloved wife of
Louis Rosencrantz, and beloved mother of
Mrs. M. A. Goldman of Seattle and Samuel
Rosencrantz of San Francisco, a native of
' Stateen, Prussia, aged 54 years 4 months
and 15 days. ' •
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
! residence, 252 Fourth street, between How-
ard and Folsom. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train, from'
Third and Townsend streets.
SMITH— Entered Into rest In this city. April
8, '1002. Holland Smith, aged 68 years. .
ETFuneral services to-day " (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at Odd Fellows' Hall, • corner
Seventh and Market streets. Friends are
invited. "Please omit flowers. .
SNOOK— In this city, April 0. 1902, Mrs.
Minnie Snook (nee Gwin), a native of San
- Jose, aged 38 years and 9 days.
SONES— In this city. April 8, 1902, Matilda
Sones, beloved wife of J. C. Sones. a native
. of St Marys, Ohio, aged 26 years.
TIDD — In this city. April 8. 1902. Elsie Tidd,
beloved' sister of Mrs.' Caroline Gaump of
North Yamhlll. Or., a native of Oregon,
aged 47 years 8 months and 29 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2100 Ellis street, corner of Broderick.
WERNER— In this city, April 9, 1902. at his
residence. . 316 Devisadero street. Professor
Ernst Werner, beloved husband of Ludlvica
Werner, and father of Mrs. W. Doyal, Rich-
ard Werner and Mrs. John Dollman of Cin-
cinnati, Ohio. Mrs. Otto Kraft Of New York
. and- Alvine Werner, a Tiatrre of Germany.
WORTH— In Alameda, April 9, 1902. Elizabeth
A., widow of the late Gideon Worth, and
mother of T. G. and C. A. Worth and Mr3.
H. B. Watera, a native of ; Nantucket,
Mass., aged SS years 2 months and 15 days.
(Placerville and Modesto, Cal.. and Nan-
tucket, Mass., papers please copy.) ¦
K7Funeral serflcea at Turlock. ¦ Stanis-
laus County, Cal., Friday, April 11, 1902,
upon arrival of train leaving San Fran-
cisco at 9 o'clock.
WRIGHT — In Alameda. April 9, 1902, Elisha
B. Wright, beloved • husband of Cecilia
Wright, and father of Mrs. Ella Garside, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 56 years.
IT? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April 12. at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 911 Paru- street. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery- - •
ST. DOMINIC S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
CIATION — The monthly requiem- hfgh mass
for tte - deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for par-
ents and relatives of living members will
be sung in St. Dominic's- Church,. Thursday,
April 10. at 9 o'clock. ¦
Shanahan Florisl^Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. .
107 POWELL ST.«« ELLIS "XX. 5056
I L ww ESTATE- — CITY— Fi)1 \^^^^
liiiAL^ESTAT^FOR SALE
By C. S. CAPP & CO..
' ' . ' ¦ No. tioO Market ct: - : -r ',
California St., near Walnut — Cars pass; two
houses, 0 rooms and ' bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontage.
Geary st.; opposite Hamilton square— House,
2 htcries, C rooms and bath; lot 22:bxS2:C.
Eureka St., between 17lh and ISth — Lot 50x
120, with one-story cottage, 7 rooms and bath
and stable; $4000.
Eureka Bt., between 17th and 18th— 3 flats,' 7
and S rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath ;
$6000. .:.¦•¦
O'Fairell, between Polk and . Van Ness — Lot
27:Gxl20 to rear street, with 4 houses; .well
rented. ¦
' Pierce, St., bet. California and Sacramento —
Six houses; well rented; neat and modern.
Arlington, between Natick and-' Roanokt —
Lot 43x51 to 59 feet;. only $300. ' .-. -
Golden Gate ave.. bet. Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and bath.
McAllister st.. between Pierce and Scott —
Fine lot, J>3xl37:6. - ' ¦ '¦ ' :'¦
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st. ; easy terms if desired. ¦ •
Alpine, near 14th — E. Bide. 25x100. •
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th— Lot 25x100.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. .
. We Excel In Prices . and Locations. " '
. $100 to ? 100— Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
all bargains; $5' monthly. '. • ...
- $500 to $1000 — Beautiful Sunset lots; splendid
view of Park and Ocean; all graded ; on easy
installments. ,
, - - ."¦''. v 1 .]
i Sunset branch ¦ of flee. Ninth ave.. ".near H st !
$400- to $800 — Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly. -^
$1000, $1750, $2500 to $3500— Modern cot-
tages; all bargains;, choice locations; easy
terms. •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building. „
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Mont/romery St., room 11.' - '¦ ¦ .
Rents collected ; full charge taken of property.
£43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats. etc.
$41,000— Good investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Three very stylish new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats; Larkln st.,
' near Geary; rents $70. . -
$9,250 — 3 sunny new (J-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $85. s
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room -flats; on Stevenson i
St., near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st./ near Lyon:
fine adjoining lot, 27:6x100; for 53000.
- $1,650 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez . and
Alvarado sts.; 2(5:6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. ' ."'¦
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr. |
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave. ' • •
?150 AND $250 EACH. ~ ~
$25 DOWN; $5 AND $10 MONTHLY.
Nothing to equal them In this city. ~
Come. early; take choice of 60 level lots in
Excelsior Homestead at half price.
Near. Mission st. and electric cars. "
No grading; all fenced; Spring Valley water;
selling last; see them to-day. - ' .
Get off cor. Ml&ston st. and Brazil ave.; walk
short distance to Madrid at. . -. ,
Mr. Al Smith, resident agent, 450 Edinburgh
et., will show lots Sundays.- ... .. .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. '
Room 54, Chronicle building. .-
$1,400 — NEW modern cottage:^ hot and cold
water, bath, closet, sink, nice yard,
fence; a fine home; $400 cash, balance
¦ «. $14 per month..
$2,600 — Fine dwelling; beautiful location;
modern and up to date; $600 cash, bal-
9 ance easy terms. ,
$9,000— Fine new building of three flats: near
Park; rent $85; easy terms. . .
$10,000 — Splendid new building near the Park;
i three flats; rent $100; easy terms.
$10,000 — Fine new building of three fiats; ma-
rine view: rent $100; easy terms.- ¦
. WELLS & SAUNDERS, !
- C30 Market St.
GEO. THISTLETON & .CO., 1 ¦
Real Estate Agents. Gcean View, Cal.
HOMES IN SIGHT OF THE GRAND . OLD
. OCEAN.
The San Francisco and. San Mateo cars etop
at Sadowa St.. Ocean View. ; . ¦'¦¦
You. can : buy neat cottages, and fine ¦ level
lots, at a less price than. In any. suburb of
San- Francisco. . ; ..... .... . - .,
A neat 4-room cottage, 2 large lots. In choice
location; must be sold . for less than cost of
the two lots. . .-.•¦•¦
Four level lots, 25x125 each; worth at least
$800; must be sold for. $400 or -less.
Other property in proportion. Stop car at
Sadowa st.. Ocean View. !
THISTLETON" S office and residence. 272
Sadowa St.: telephone Capp 2425. ¦¦-...
$1750— SNAP; 29x75: block from 2 car lines;
15 minut^a^from City . Hall; street bitumen;
concrete sidewalk and curbed;- lots .level,
ready to build; 17th et.. corner Diamond.
Another bargain; 2 lots; 25x86; 2 frontages;
level block; nr. Douglass; 1 block from electric
cars; only $750 ea. O. D. BALDWIN, 22 Mont.
JOSEPH ETRAUB.
¦850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. ' ¦ .-
BARGAIN — New house of 6 rooms and bath;
' all modem Improvements, besides store and
living-rooms in lower floor: cheap; easy
terms. See owner on premises NW. corner
Chenery and Falrmount st«. -.-"•,' . , .
$10,000 EACH; appreciated If seen; 2 new 12-
rocm^ residences on Washington' St.; . near
Laurel (Presidio Heights); open for. lnspec-
tlpn from .11. to 3 dally. :
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Lang ton
st*.; 75x75. with improvements; make an
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hail
square.
'APPRECIATED If seen; new, elegant sunny
modern cottage; 6 large rooms and bath; San
Jose ave., near Valley st., bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-st. cars pass door:
"WANTED at once, a number of choice residence
lots; we have cash buyers' waiting:. , HEALY
fy CARR, 927. Market Bt., room 208.'
30x137:6 FOR $3000: Pacific Heights. THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
REAL ESTATE— COCSTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $C0 to $90 per acre, on Ranchb
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured; as
Ean Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California Bt, for*
pamphlets and information. .
FOR Rent — 12 acres of very rich land; suitable
for melons and garden truck; family orchard;
fine prune orchard ;v large buildings for hog
and chicken raising; abundance of 'good
water; splendid opportunity for, right man.
Call or address at 3226 King st., Berkeley. ,
SONOMA Valley and foothill land; small
tracts; %-mIle from railroad; come Saturday
and Sunday at reduced fares • and pee- this
land. J. T. PETERS, 11 Montgomery st.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money;. easy
payments. HEALY & CARR,' 927 Mkt, r. 208.
Santa Clara ' Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, ¦> see WOOSTER, WHITTON • &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market, 8. F...& San J.
CASH for your country or suburban property.'
Land Dept., American Guaranty and Trust
Co., Hayward building. ..- .
CHOICE country lands for sale. Land Dept.,'
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust C*, Hayward bldg.
FOR sale or exchanjre^ — Beautiful Income' home
In San Jose for S. F. property. Box 4671, Call.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.- > ,
ROSS VALLEY — 10-roo'm furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
. month. J. TUNSTEAD, San Anselmo. -. .
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — To rent or buy 50 acres or upward
unimproved - land with a living stream . of
water.' Address B. M. P.. box 4844, Call.': -
. .DIVIDEND , NOTICES/
OFFICE of the Centra Costa Water Company'
room- ie. , second -.floor. Mills building. Ban
Francisco. April 8,' 1902— Dividend No 109 of
42 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water Company will be payable
at the office of said company, room 16 ¦ second
floor, -Mills building, on April 15; transfer
books will close on April 8 at 3 p. nV ED-
WARD McQARY. Secretary. ;..
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant! Powder : Cdm-
pany. Con. : A dividend. No/ 40, . of seventv-
flve cents (75c), per. snare on the issued. cap'l-
* tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-206 .Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco, on April 10. 1902. Transfer books close
.': April 3. 1902. at noon. J. , R.-; LEAVELL
..' Secretary. - *. ¦ ¦ . .- w'-. -¦¦ •¦?.¦¦.:, -.-.;, •. V
SEWIMV MACHINES AND SUPPLIES/
ALL': kinds bought, sold,' rented, exchanged; re^
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.' 205 4th. i
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, -ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. .145 Sixth.ACTRESS WHO IS SUPPORTING E. ; S. WILLARD IN HIS j PRESENTA
TION OF "THE CARDINAL,"/AND LEADING LADY IN THE JAP
ANESE TRAGEDY THAT HAS BEEN. REVIVED' WITH SUCCESS.
ALLEGES CARELESSNESS. — Eliza Nealon
is suing: Dr. Martin Krotoszyner for $15,500
damages for Injuries sustained, she alleges,
through the careless treatment of an Injury to
one of her fingers.
Mrs. Edwards was 22 years of age, and
had one child, aged 4. She left her hus
band, a teamster, a year ago.
Mrs. Edwards was at dinner with
frineds Tuesday night. She got home at
11 o'clock and yesterday morning was
found to be very ill, and at 10 o'clock she
died. At first it was supposed that the
beating had caused her death and Mrs.
Epinger was at once taken In custody
by the police. The autopsy, however,
showed death to have ensued from acute
congestion of the lungs, liver and kid
neys, due to alcoholism. Bruises were
found on the back of the head, but they
did not indicate blows of sufficient force
to cause death.
The two women, Angell and William
Bush, a plumber, spent Sunday afternoon
drinking together. Mrs. Edwards showed
too 'much attention to Angell to please
Mrs. Epinger. About 8 o'clock Angell left
the room for a moment ana Mrs. Ed
wards followed him out. Mrs. Epinger
hurried after them and in a jealous rage
seized a cane and beat the younger and
comelier woman over the head and
shoulders.
Mrs. Margaret Edwards, a young
woman who lived in a lodging-house at
£29 Howard street, died ysterday- morn
ing under suspicious circumstances, and
Mrs. Jane Epinger, who lives at' the same
house, was arrested and will probably be
held .until after the inquest. Mrs. Ep
inger gave Mrs. Edwards a severe beat
ing with a cane Sunday evening as a re
sult of a quarrel over Harry Angell, a
photographer's solicitor, who also has
lived at fc29 Howard street.
JEALOUS WOMAN
BEATS A RIVAL
; Ttie'Orpheum bill Is rich in sketches this
week, i . Marie -.Wainwright leads ;wlth a
clever 'comedietta -called "Tho Lady and
the Clock," the Drews are presenting with
much success a Chinese playlet.-.'.'The Yel
low 'Dragon," and .Homer. Lind and com
pany; have r- a, delightful' little melodrama
very "well done,'"Gringoire." • The Clipper
Quartet,: Fred \Stuber, Papinta, Gorman
and i KePDler arid James H.' Cullen fill in
the;rest of- the good. bill. ;
:'¦:-:¦.:, -'I-' .'¦ :•-,* v '. .'-,. ;-\ .
i- The" sale of seats -for the s piano recitals
bt' the famous pianist, Fannie Bloomfleld
Zeisler, j to be given next week at { Metro
politan •; Temple", .will : begin this morning
at;Sherman &;Clay's music store.*
• "Land " of the -Living," • an , electrical
melodmma, is '-thrilling the Central' audi
ences this week. It is full of' stirring In
cident' and , many clever . mechanical ef
fects, and, is ; well acted and 1 staged.- Next
.week ''Dangers, o'i a Great .City ".will -be
put.on.^ > • ; .-.¦ ..¦', ¦
.- ¦¦¦• ..;¦ '¦ X',,-*- • ¦ <•••/•. .
; The- Alcazar." Theater -is reviving this
week with much J success the beautiful lit
tle Japanese tragedy, ."Madame Butter
fly."- Mis3 ; ,Juliet -Crosby -is . seer* . M the
leading • role -and ! does delightful work in
tht«;?art. '"'. She is well assisted by Miss
Elliott as' Suzuki," and'the rest of the. cast
is reasonably effective, g "The Great Un
known," a comedy, i takes up the rest of
theeyeninr.': •¦'..' ¦ ¦'¦
& 'Field . burlesques that Is 'a very prom
ising:, sample of the new programme. The
piece is "Fiddle Dee Dee, ">: and ,the new
people/Maude Amber, and the comedians,
Kolb and; Dill/with tbe-other, Fischer fa
vorites; 'have. made 'a' shining success of
It. .- There . is not a " dull - spot > In' the bill,
and.the piece has been staged with con
siderable splendor.- The public is appre
ciative-^ of the unusually fine 'production
and- is filling; the house.-^ ;. - •
;••*.' "«' '¦'. .'¦',¦¦'¦ '¦'¦"':* t .¦••-•-';••¦.•¦.: 1. "£
.l'Glsmorida"lat 'the .Grand' Opera-house
Isipleasing. thelarge^contingent of .Mac-
Dowell. admirers that Is .taking in the Sar
dpu' repertoire under the. accustomed lead
ership of. the popular. actor.'and this con
tingent is filling, the Mission-street hou^3e
nightly. .Tlfe- play.is staged with -lavish
hand, and the supporting company, head
ed 5 by" Florence. Stone, is doing very.wor
thy work. -"Fedora 1 ,', comes next week.
: Beklns& Co.. shippers of. household goods. Chi ;
caso. Los Angeles, San Francisco. 630 Market. ?
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills, r
I; Rprlngr medicine "to purify?, the blood. Consti
pation. Biliousness, Sicfc Headaches; 10c,, 25c. •
- Customs Collector Strattori decided yes
terday not % to - send ' the ' revenue ; steam
ship > McCulloch . in ;; search of . the ' dere
lict Frankistan, several . tugs having
started in 'the ; search for the burning
Ship.^ . ,.' ; - ' ¦
Search Jf or : the Prankistan.:
Chief. Wittmanl yesterday issued, a/no
tice; to druggists that it had : cbme'to', tho
attention of the Police-Commissioners
that a number of them were violating. the
ordinance prohibiting the selling: of -liquor
in quantities less than one; quart, without
paying a retail '• liquor, dealers' -'illcense.
They werte further notified ithat. any : one
found -violating the -ordinances would -'be
dealtwith according, to law. - ' •
I>rugglsts Are Warned. s
.; The ; will . of the late ' Adam Grimm, the
well-known vineyardlst,- who' died In this
city; on the 2d inst., was" filed for. probate
yesterday. He leaves his estate, which is
estimated to bo - .worth . $100,000, ¦ to his
widow and son, share 'and share' alike.
The 'will is holographic and bears date of
January 17, 1896.' : ¦••-¦¦
leaves Estate to '.Wido-w. aiid Son.
,:.The pupils of Professor Barker' sVdanc'r
ing academy and. their, friends "assembled
at . the new, academy , ,723 , Market ;'str s eet, ;
last evening and. enjoyed;, a select," pro-,
gramme of dances.' The ;, hall waa \ artis
tically decorated, the floor was In excel
lent condition and ; the orchestra; under.
Mrs. Barker's • direction," ; rendered ! - choice
music. ''AIL. voted 'the evening enjoyable:
Another select party Saturday, evening.*
Are . not to be . comiiared '. to : our • new
patent 'back, 'flat-opening: blank books,
which cost . no v more . than the, old style
and are Infinitely better. . All kinds of
commercial printing, done to order at
tkel™ 084 reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.;; 741 Market street. •
The Old humpbacks
He "Will at Once Procoed to Organize
the Claims Department of 'the- Sj
United Railroads. J, t ?> i;
' Tirey L. Ford was' appointed- yesterday,
chief counsel of the ' United Railroads pt
San Francisco. .' His ' - ap. ppintmeht Was
foreshadowed in The Call . several ¦' weeks
B.go. , ,'¦".¦- •'..,.¦.->•.' ':¦¦¦> ¦.: 'r.-; ..-• .•¦¦.¦¦:.•.¦>¦: r.
The appointment: of Attorney, -Ford af
fords great pleasure to many friends
and they feel that the \ Baltimore ; syndi
cate could not have -made, a better "selec
tion. One of the ' first \ acts 7 of '- the new
chief, counsel will be to prganize.a'claimis
department. : The businessi is: at; present
being attended to by the law department
of the Southern Pacific Company:'.. r-T.«
The location for, the general, offices '; of
the company has not yet been selected. '*;>,
OPIUM SMUGGLING PASES.— The cases of
the opium smugglers, John Gavin and Joseph
Kirk, will be heard before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock at 10 o'clock this morn
ing. It is reported that Gavin has amassed a.
fortune of $20,000 by smuggling opium into this
port. ¦ ¦¦¦ A '..-¦.¦¦ ¦ ' . : : . -,
Cafe Zinkand' serves a' substantial' busi
ness men's lunch.. , . . . • •
Eight suits for divorce were commenced
yesterdajf in the Superior Court and two
suits were" granted. Of the new suits
filed four were for failure to provide, two
for desertion*. • one for .'Intemperance and
one for conviction ' of a felofiy. Of the
divorces granted one was for. cruelty aud
the "other for desertion. . .
- George H. Sterne commenced , suit
against Anna E. Sterne for divorce on
the ground of desertion. He alleges that
his wife : left him without provocation
three years after their marriage, which
occurred at Burlington, New Jersey, in
November, 1894. ..'•
: Carrie L. Miller, commenced an action
for, divorce against Henry W. Miller, to
whom she was married at Sacramento in
May, 1S91,- alleging intemperance. They
have a daughter 8 years of age, the cus
tody of whom Mrs. Miller asks • for and
$25 per month for her support.
Delia Blum is suing Joseph Blum . for
divorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide. She alleges that for more. than one
year he has compelled her to depend up
on the charity i of relatives and | friends
for support. The couple were married at
Alameda in. 1900.
A suit. for divorce was filed by Jame3
Botta against Susie Botta yesterday. He
alleges that his wife left him without his
consent more than a year ago. The Bot
tas were married at Galveston, Tex., in
June, 1894. • .
'. Marion Miller, who was married to Rob
ert L. Miller In this city In January, 1897,
filed a suit for divorce yesterday, alleging
failure to provide. They: have three chil
dren. ; Mrs. Miller charges that her hus
band since their marriage has failed to
provide her with the common necessaries
of. life. . .- -
Mary Barnett brought suit against Wil
liam Barnett for divorce on the ground of
failure to provide. She ' alleges that she
has been compelled to earn a living for
herself and . four children for the last
three years. The couple were married
In 1888. • . .
¦¦May E. Burke is suing Harry I. Burke
for divorce because, she alleges,- he- wa3
convicted of a felony and is now- serving
a sentence at San Quentin. ¦
¦ Henrietta Newman is suing Jacob New
man, to , whom she .was married In 1892
for divorce ' for failure to provide , She
alleges that for the last ; year she has had
to depend upon her own exertions for her
support. "• • - . ,.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to^ Cora B.. Engel from Frederick
Engel for cruelty ' . and - Solomon Smith
from Francis for desertion.
-The brig Lurllne, • which ¦ left ' Grays Harbor
March i 2 for Altata, on -April 4 struck the
bar at the latter port and sustained consider
able damage. " Her, cargo I has been discharged
and : extensive leaks have been discovered. ,
Brig Lurline Bumps Bar.
Last Night of the Exhibition.
To-night. Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. Fine musical programme and close
of spring exhibition.. 7:30 till 10. Admis
sion 25 -cents. -, . . ¦ •
Eight Suits, for Divorce
Are Filed With the
County Clerk.
SYNDICATE APPOINTS \, • \
FORD CHIEF} COUNSEL
The California in "The Sons of Ham''
has an attraction that is nightly crowding
the popular house to its capacity. ; Wil
liams and Walker, who head the-; .com
pany, are the funniest of their kind,;and
are very, well supported by a- large 'ag
gregation of .colored artists. The, chorus
work Is very tuneful, the songs -are -the 1
best of the coon repertoire; and: there,' is
everything else in the way of the enter
tainment - line from living statuary to
acrobatic stunts. The Neill season -fol
lows. ¦¦¦¦':..-.¦ . ' ¦ • • - . v ' -
Fischer's Theater is to • the ; front this
week with the flrst^of a series 'of .Weber.
One of the strongest of the week's -bills
Is the Tlvoll production, of, '.'The' Fortune
Teller." Anna'Lichter in. the Alice;Niel
sen role shows to much advantage, -Annie
Myers has a part to fit '-as Pompon ¦; and
Frances Graham fills in well! .-'Cunning
ham and Gordon have the singing parts
and acquit themselves well,' indeed, of
their tasks. The comedy Is • excellently
cared for by Webb, who is. doing-splen
did work this season, Hartman and Cash
man. The piece is put on splendidly. .
tkj 6. WILLARD is -playing' a
highly successful engagement
" at the Columbia Theater.with
-^ O his magnificent production-, of
Louis N. Parker's ."The*Car
dinal." The strong drama will be pre
sented up to and / including/^ Saturday
night. Willard will present during , the
second week of his engagement/ J.'M.;
Barrle's delightful comedy- drarnaV f "The
Professor's Love Story." This- piece Has
been one of the features of this , brilliant
actor's repertoire for some- seasons, 1 but
has never be"en offered here. ' From, all:
accounts, Willard gives one of j his . most
delightful ¦ performances / as Professor.
Goodwillie in this piece. ;
MARRIAGE TIES
GROW IRKSOME
The . paintings "The Surrender of Ma
nila" and ; "Saluting the "Wounded" are
attracting many visitors to , the Palace
Hotel, where they .are " on. exhibition.
These masterpieces have been on exhibi
tion for the past three days and hun
dreds have admired and ; studied - them.
The canvases are from the brush of
Santos Gonzales, the eminent " Philippine
artist. . They abound ' m color . - and
Incident, and , are .historically correct.
The paintings are massive and,, the figures
lifelike. ••..-.-
Paintings on Exhibition.
Knight had not concluded his argument
at noon. He resumed in the afternoon,
and the proceedings were enlivened, by an
exchange of repartee between jiimself
and McNab. , Meyer | Jacobs and'W. G.
Zeigler addressed themselves to the legal
propositions involved in the several 'mo
tions. . ; ' . .
Garret McEnerney opened the argu
ment for' the deposed board. After ad
vising- Judge Sloss to be careful, in his
Judgment and not. to let the law of force
•prevail, , he presented his case In a state
ment, quoting the authorities he Intended
to cite. -His statement was as follows:
' First— Proceedings by injunction may . be
properly used to protect the possession of of
ncea de facto against interference of claimants
whose title is. disputed until the latter shall
establish their . title by the judicial proceeding
provided by law, which is quo warranto. •
Second — The plaintiffs were In possession of
the offices of- members of the Board of Health
at the time of the commencement of this action.
The office dees not consist of books, paper, fur
niture and rooms. If an. incumbent holds over
after his term has expired the new appointee
does not. become the Incumbent of the office
by I taking possession, either through force or
by strategy, of the books, papers, records and
rooms used. by the officers. The new appointee
has but one remedy, and that la the action of
quo warranto.
The argument = will - be - resumed this
morning at 10 o'clock.
George -A. Knight said he appeared at
the Instance of the Governor, the State
Board of Health and Mayor Schmitz "in
an endeavor to assist in wiping . out the
foul blot. put upon. the. fair name of San
Francisco by the Board of Health, which
Mayor Schmitz had removed for cause."
.Upon the phrase "for cause" he built his
argument; reading from the letter of
Mayor .', Schmitz to the deposed members
the scathing denunciation of their action
that" he gave as -the cause of their re
moval. ' . ¦ . >• ' . -
, Attorney .Ruef began the - argument,
speaking for nearly two hours. He con
tended that the right of .the' Mayor to
remove: an appointive officer was clearly
set forth 5 In the charter, • which ¦ he said
bore 'the -.same relation to the people of
San Francisco as - did the constitution cf
the State to the people of California. He
reviewed the history of the /appointment'
of the new Board of Health and claimed
that as the Mayor's action was both'
executive and ministerial a court had no
.right to review his actions in a case of
this; kind.' . . .
j • Mayor Schmitz's appointees were repre
sented by A. Ruef, George A. Knight,
Meyer Jacobs and- W. G. Zeigler. rhe
deposed "bubonic" Board of Health was
represented =.: by Garret :McEnerney and
Gavin McNab.".. Quite a number of former
Labor - party candidates and politicians
were In » the courtroom : during the day.
Each side (j had a large number of law
books, from which authorities were quot
ed without stint. ..* ....-(¦ , • ' r
' All of '; yesterday's . session of Judge
Sloss' department of the Superior Court
•was devoted to, the presentation 0 1 argu
ments ,in the "matter^ of !the newly" ap
pointed members of the Board of Health,
who seek to have the injunction Issued by
Judge -Cook' at : the Instance of their pre
decessors dissolved. Three separate propo
sitions .were presented—a motion to strike
out portions 'of the complaint, a demurrer
to the complaint and a motion to dissolve
the Injunction. ; ¦ .:-¦ -
Make -Efforts to Secure the
* Withdrawal of Pending
Injunction.
ments ; in ; Board of
Health Case.
Attorneys Present Argu-
CHARTER FIXES
MAYOR'S POWERS
Willard : Strong
Fun at Galifarriia-~Fischer's Great Show
PLAY-GOERS ARE GIVEN
BEST OF PRODUCTIONS
GARDEN CITY
THEIR MECCA
San Jose Is to be visited by Illustrious
Potentate Noble Charles H. Murphy and
his retinue cf nobles of Islam Temple of
the Ancient Arabic Order of the Nobles
cf the Mystic Shrine, and great are the
preparations that are being made to give
nini and the other nobles a. reception that
will make it a red-letter one in the his
tiry of the Shrinera in this State.
1 he camels, dromedaries . and broncos
that are to be used for the occasion of the
Initiation of a large class of pilgrims
within the temple in which the ceremony
is to be conducted have during the winter
been grazing on the acreage of Noble C.
G. H. McBride and are now in a frisky
condition and splendidly prepared for the
caravanistic parade on the evening of
Saturday, the 12th inst. San Joseans, ir
respective of social or other distinctions
in life, are looking forward with feverish
expectancy for the arrival of the distin
guished Arabian nobles.
The committee having charge of the ar
rangements for the spectacular display,
which it is expected will surpass anything
In that line ever before seen on the Pa
cific Coast, is composed of Nobles C G.
H. McBride. chairman; A. W. Spitzen.
T. R. Kocher and George B. McKee of
San Jcse and J. A. Rice of Los Gatos.
This committee announces that "a grand
reception awaits the Mystic Shriners at
San Jose, and they will be permitted to
enter the throne room of the potentate,
provided they remove their sandals, and
will be permitted to witness the wonders
of San Jose's improvised palace of Ara
bian delights."
Presiding Police Judge.
A meeting of the Police Judges was held
yesterday, when Judge Cabaniss was ap
pointed Presiding Judge for the ensuing
year. His predecessor was Judge Conlan.
12
THE SA3ST i FBAKCISCQ- CALL, THTTBSDAT, APBIt; 10, 1902.
SHOUX.D " USE • DAMIAXA BTTVURa, THE
. Oreat Mexican Remedy: gives health and
strength to lexual orcana. DcpoV 323 Market.
THURSDAY-FRIDaY-SATURDAY
TEAS, , 6 Y3rle{;es f Ib . ".. . . .\ 40c
Fresh and frasrrant.
mm%£.. ........ ¦..:..35c
Choice creamery.
MALT -. EXTRACT, dons. -.-.-! $1.75
"Schillers." a sprln* tonic and system
builder.
RIESUNP, gallon/..,... ....40c
/ ' -. A choice table white wine.
Resrularly 60e.
PRUNES, ¦ Frenefc Style, 5 lfis...;...25c
• Grown In Santa Clara County.
Regularly 3 lbs. 25c.
RIPE OLIVES, quart.............. 25c
Oroville choice black ripe olives.
- . Regularly 33c.
SALVON. 3 tlns.'l'.-.. ......25c
Alaska choice pink salmon.
Regularly 2 tins, 23c.
WHISK BROOMS, each...... ;|5c
Made from selected Eastern .corn, with
plush finish. Regularly 23c
LEMOLA T01ET SOAP, box of 3 cakes 25s
excellent for the complexion, leaves the
; • ' 1 skin soft and smooth.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. CATA-
LOOUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE MAIN C522.
HAVE US
BUILD YOU
A HOME
$5.5O « TVlonth >
We Charge No Interest .
Send for Prospectus.
Pacific Home Co-operative Co.
4OO-4O1 Callaghan BMd'sr
1312 MARKET STREET.
B Supplies All K
J EYE GLASSES 1
ra with Antiseptic Nose .Grips, .. H
made of vegetable fiber and f I
fe| camphor, guaranteed non- \ I
19 cancerous/ and do not fin
\M wound the nose. t l
y PRICES 'MOOER AT. E 11
p r rr=- n n v r i %£**£* '-f 0 **** an <»
.. ._ " ' - . vallsei checked fre«.
Weak Men and~Women
Myslm
Underwear
Specials.
QQ/> To-day for ',. WOMEN'S MUSLIN
wwv GOU*NS, sailor . collar, high or
: :low neck, neatly 1 trimmed with embrold-
;. ery; cut' extra:long; 2 styles to select
.';¦ f rom;. regular C5c> value./' : ' -. ..;-.
7ftr For, choice of 4 different styles In
* V w ¦ regular •¦ $1.00 WOMEN'S CAM-
,.'.BRIC GOWNS; hlgrh or low neck: trim-*
¦ • med with -tucks, fine laces, embroideries
.V; and Insertions.
QR> For extra good quality WOMEN'S
VWv CAMBRIC GOWNS, six different
- styles to: select from; prettily trimmed;
- cannot bo duplicated for less than $1.50.
Women's Chemise on Sale at
23c,. 33c, 45c, 65c;
Women's Drawers on Sale at
19cy 33c, 47c, 63c. ;
SALE.
" 7 K C " T °- da y f or WOMEN'S SUMMER
i Ul ; PETTICOATS, cut \ very wide.
H flounce 'trimmed "with, three small ruf-i
,; fles;- our.;$1.00. valuo., ....;">, ; .
ft =5 C' ! For '••' *1-00." '= BLACK MERCER-
V' ? V .IZED-,, SATEEN PETTICOATS,
-,- flounce, lined, and trimmed with three
.;¦ small ruffles. ' ¦.-.,.
5R I ¦ K O T °- dav w »i ¦'¦ 6uy our ; $2.25'
, tP ¦ »WU-BLACK UNDERSKIRTS,
-four distinct, styles to select from.' -: •
DRESS SKiRTS,
<CQC|R: For Women's Stylish DRESS
: tj? - CF«J SKIRTS, made .\ of the ¦ new :
". ' sprlnp s materials ; . stylish 7 cut.' with : full .
¦' flare . bottom ; good -.VRlue at $ 1.2.". .¦ • ¦
.'I212rl2l4 "J M ARpT Si.,
'^ ;¦; Between. Taylor and; JonesJ :
, WE V CLOSE .AT SIX \ O'CLOCK. 1 V
ITEWMAN. & LEVTNSON.
== —
Unmatchable Values now being offered in
- Ladies' Hosiery
Ladies' imported fast black Ladies' fancy lisle thread
cotton Hose.extra fine quality, Hose in beautiful new designs,
double soles, heels and toes, stripes, dots and lace effects
good value 40c pair, Q£T_ in choicest of colorings, Cf\ r
on sale at at, a pair. «JUC
Ladies fast black Hose, made Ladies' lace openwork lisle
of 4 thread superior quality thread Hose, in solid black,
maco cotton, with double soles also plain and ribbed black
in black feet, also unbleached Hose with colored silk em-
split feet, special at rt>| r\r\ broidered insteps in rn
3pairsfor Cpi.UU pretty designs, at a pair «3UC
Boys' School Stockings
Boys' heavy weight fast black cotton Hose, in corduroy
and narrow ribbed, with double soles, double toes and
triple knees; the best and strongest hose for boys' wear
ever offered — worth 35c a pair; our price for any IZn
size 7 to 10
Special in Footless Hose
Used for golfing, bicycling and ; tramping; made of
extra quality wool, in black or brown mixed, with fancy
colored plaid and striped tops — exceptional value, IZn
at, a pair ". ¦ uv
We sell the best Gloves in the world for Ladies <lj| C A
Magponi, Trcfousse, Reynier, Pcma and Fownes, at, a pair.... V-"*'"
; ___^_ ¦
Sale of Sofa Cushions
Handsome figured satin sofa Cushions, ready
for use, in beautiful floral designs, richly colored; .
finished with pretty mercerized cord and tassel . _
in color combination to match cushie* — just a H%V 7 r\
few of them, 40 in all — pric», while jm-y last..... v*'«* *-J
Table Linen Values
Bleached Damask Table Extra heavy "Satin Damask
Linens, 72 inches wide; extra Table Linens, 72 inches wide,
fine quality, in a beautiful Fleur de Lis, snowdrop, and a .
assortment of patterns, with large range of choicest designs,
napkins to match, sold regu- with napkins to match, worth
larly at $1.25 a yard; (t> J r\r\ regularly $1.50 a (t>f or
special at Qm.UU yard; special at Cpl.OD
-j| Kearn? and Suffer Sts. ||=
A Wglk=Oyer
4JliUvd Fop Women. v
"^Tie difference between Walk - Over $L
Wtt» Shoes an d the .best $5.00 shoe on the Oi
. iPW market is $1.50 in the price. There is r=j3jl
iff 9\ n ° ° ther P erce P tible difference. wi<
¦— "—j The difference between Walk-
~- 34^^ Over $3.50 Shoes and the next best
IS shoe made to sell for $3.50 is a difference of $|
fully $1.00 in the quality.; 1 jPw
All the correct spring styles— black, tan P||
and patent leather — high cut and oxford— /N^l}^
newest shapes. Why not save $1.50? *^*>JGS'.''
¦¦•¦¦-¦-..'-•"-'.•.-•
1
Walk-Over Shoe Store |
F. F. WRIGHT & Art. ™ , I
LcsAotdci store: market St., I
Hale's. | Hale's.
Beautiful INtew Pillow
Tops,
! . Needs two of those bipr shew windows of ours to jfive you an ader ' ¦
quate idea of the scope and beauty of our pillow top collection.
And how such splendidly executed subjects, such superb color- * •
' ings, such good foundations can be produced for so little money will
amaze you— it does us. .. > .'.'¦-¦
, . The^ newest things in- lithographed tops are "The Poppy Girl,"
"The Asti Head," "Virsrinia" 'and "Florodora" — all beautiful heads.
I . : Then there are the equally charming subjects, "La Favorita."
"Beauty and the Beast," "Auto," "Timidity," "Hearts Are Trumps," .
;';•-¦' etc. .
' Remember all ready to make up— and but ..50c each s
In Tinted Tops.
'. , These are tinted so clearly and well as to make it easy to work
out — and the subjects are the most pleasing ones ima^inable^ — "Eu-
chered" (four cats playinjj cards), "Don't Mind Papa" (a humorous
illustration), "Friendship" (a top for autographs), "Sons: Without
Words," and a ."Basket of Violets." - Then thert are two handsome
scroll patterns and a genuine Smoker entitled "Clouds of Joy," and
an equally clever one— "The King Nick o' Teen." ,
Remember, again, these tops are all ready to be embroidered, and that
both top and back cost but ,;..5Oc
But come and see the display— it's impossible to do justice to it here
— but we warn you if you come you'll buy.
A pretty new line of pillow tops and backs in subjects, "Violets,"
"Nasturtiums," "Holly" and "Poppy" for 35c each
Also a new line of tapestry tops — but only 200 of them, mind you, so
be quick, for the price is only ...;. ...loc each
Better take a look at the Persian designs before you complete your
purchases, for such pillows add grace and charm to your home—
they are extra heavy quality and 55c per top
- Oh, yes! there-is another lot. that looks like embroidery work af. ...
85c each
Hundred Dozen
Ready=to=wear Hats.
. Another striking example that the Hales do things— for here is a
hundred dozen ready-to-wear hats in all the very latest effects— and
!the swell new colorings. Pretty linen colored hats trimmed with
red, brown or navy scarf, at ....'.....93.5O, $3.75 and $4.OO
Charming rolled rim sailor hats from good quality straw, trimmed
with pretty silk scarf J£1.25
Rough straw. turbans— trimmed with mull— look neat,' dainty and
jaunty $1.25
Where the styles are so good and the values so great a hundred /J
dozen won't last long — so come early. S^
Paper and Envelopes.
A one-pound package of tinted note paper — each package contains
120 sheets, worth regularly 25c — special - _ .15c
A No. 1 quality envelope to match above paper, per package
of 25 ..1 lOc
; (y^U^rTr^' Must fit ri ? ht and snow -
,".vv (•<' f^w'H ' '¦-"¦'¦, quality in every respect.
• ; That's the advantage in
'"¦ ' -ll' I I' ;.:' having 1 " us 1 , make your
¦ ¦:/, i 1 • „ A V I clothes— they are • prop-
¦ ,•'¦'¦.•;•» ¦'•..' ] 1/ I ; -.eriy tailored; fit right at
'"' "'''' V \\\ 'the start and hold their
<.:,; ,i\. |U 1: I V I; ; shape?to the end. We"
•' li'-rl -^ 1U niakeYOUVa suit
1,00 a week,
and you may wear, it while paying'for it.'
l28EI8isSt.Ai)overo»oii
'•'.¦ .1 ; '• ., ?'•¦,-?-:..¦ l ¦'¦ - ¦_;¦" . ¦ < - ¦ " •
'—¦'¦"¦¦:' '- v /¦•''.. • ¦'. ; {¦' ••""' -¦¦-. . : : ¦ ¦.-.'