SAN FBANCISCO; SATURDAY, OMAY 10, 1902.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 161.
PRICE FIVE CENTi©
JH^ VEN the incomplete data at hand make the disaster at 'St. Pierre, Island [of Martinique, one of the most terrible in history. Following are
§ * some of the facts of importance: Volcanic action began M of life (estimated),
40,000; population of Martinique, 165,000 ; population of St. Pierre, 25000 ; vessels lost, 18.
FORTY THOUSAND PEOPLE PERISH
IN THE AWFUL AVALANCHE POURED
FROM CAULDRON OF MONT PELEE
Continued on Page Two.
days. Then came the destruction
of the Guerin factories, near Mar
tinique, and the loss of about 150
lives. The panic in the town]
When the volcano became ao-j
tive after a silence of half a cen
tury the inhabitants were startled
and became panic-stricken. But
fears began to subside after a few'
Although Mont Pelee volcano,
had been emitting- fire and smoke
at intervals for several days, the ;
residents of St. Pierre did not an-'
prehend any great eruption.
Great heaps of bodies were
seen on the blazing wharves. It
was- impossible for the Suchet'3
officers to penetrate the town.
Hope is . abandoned that the
Governor r{ Martinique and his
wife have survived. Nothing has
been seen or heard of the mili
tary forces quartered in the town.
The French \ruiser Suchet was
¦
in port when the disaster took
place. Her officers went ashore
to give relief, but were unable
to render much assistance ex
cept to rescue about thirty per
sons.
Shipping lying off St. Pierre
¦
was also enveloped in the seeth
ing flames and destroyed with
wonderful quickness. %
SHIPPING IS ENVELOPED.
ST. THOMAS, D. W.
I., May 9. — An erup
tion of Mont Pelee
volcano destroyed by;
flaming gas and cinders the beau
tiful town of St. Pierre. Mar
tinique, yesterday morning.
From 8 o'clock in the morning
until 1 o'clock in the afternoon
St. Pierre was a mass of fire.
During the intervening hours a
torrent of redhot cinders poured
down upon the commercial cap
ital. The streets were filled with
the destructive outpouring, cut
ting off all avenues of escape. It
is believed that very few of the
twenty-five thousand inhabitants
fjthe^ city could have escaped.
From all intorm^fTorfToTir'oK-**
tained it is estimated that the
number of lives lost" in Mar
tinique Island will reach forty
thousand. A vessel which arrived
at Dominica to-day reports that
she was compelled to run from
St. Vincent because of the vol
canic eruption on that island on
Wednesday afternoon. This ves
sel was off Martinique yesterday
morning about' 8 o'clock' when
the. eruption of Mont Pelee oc
curred. Those on board the ves
sel say there was a tremendous
explosion 01 the mountain, and a
great cloud of fire seemed to
sweep down upon the city and all
the territory around, leaving no
chance for escape for its citizens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
People of Doomed St. Pierre
Refuse to Heed Recent
Warnings and Die
through Their
Bravery.
Continued/ on Page -Two.
.'.The message adds: In the island of St. 1
Vincent' the . souf riere.* (volcano) is active
and- earthquakes are frequent] So far no
damage has.been ; done."-, \
'•ih: response; to the request, of .Governor
Llewellyn of the Windward ; the
British cruiser Indefatigable I will be dis
patched rom ' the island of \Trinidad I to'
the island of St. Vincent by way of * St.'
Lucia. - ¦':•--¦ - !
¦rW c ONDON. May 10.— A dispatch to. the.
y§ '"Reuter.k Telegram Company from
,;... Kingston; Jamaica, giving the details
of the Martinique disaster, already known,"
says: :.j "Thousands "Were killed at St.'
Pierre,- /where a terrible panic' prevailed.
The eruption began Saturday, May 3,
; when, St. : Pierre : was covered with- ashes
and -appeared to be enveloped iii fog. ,The
flow of 'lava "continued until ¦Wednesday,"
: May 1" . r =;'¦; ¦ -, . ';
Survivors of the Roddam
Descr/be the Scene as
Glimpses of Hell.
AWFUL PANIC
AT ST. PIERRE
Suchet is going to Martinique
with provisions.
The eruption still f continues.
Forty thousand I i ves are report
ed lost. The steamers Roraima
and The Grappler,' of the cable
company, . were- burned in»* the
harbor. The first explosion lasted
only three minutes. The cruiser
All direct comrhunicatioivwith
the blighted island iscut off.;Re^
lief expeditions are being sent
out from St. Thomas, St:.L.u-;
cia and San Juan, . Porto Rico.
Confirmation of the extent of
the disaster comes from 'many
sources from The Call's s'pecial
correspondents in the- West In-!
dies and from ttie commander of
the French warship Suchet. : .
BELIEF . IS SENT.
passengers from the north had!
disembarked previously at other
ports. .Of the officers and crew
of the British steamship Roddam
nearly all are reported dead .or,
dying. The supercargo and ten'
men leaped into the sea and went,
down as a storm of 'fire-envel-'
oped them. , r j . '. :
The Roraima of the Quebec
line, which sailed from New
York on April 26, was lost, and
itis believed that all oh board
perished. Most, if not all, of her
Torrents of redhot ashes bur
ied the country around about for
miles, covering it as a blizzard
blankets the earth in January.
Groves, orchards, towns and city
burst into flame tinder the
shower of death, and even the
shipping in the roadstead of St.
Pierre had no time to up anchor
and get to sea.
Mont Pelee, a great volcano
long ago believed to be extinct,
suddenly awoke from the sleep
of many years. Out of the
mouth of the treacherous crater,
around which nestled the sum
mer villas and pretty hemes of
the wealthier of the French
West Indian residents, suddenly
belched smoke and flame. Then,
like the discharge from a Titanic
gun, the whole crest of the moun
tain leaped thousands of feet into
the air and from the awful cal
dron's mouth poured down
showers of fire, swallowing up
everything that lay in their path
to the sea. [
SHOWER OF DEATH.
tinique, the gem of the Wind
ward Islands, has been blotted
out under- the storm of fire and
the avalanches of molten rock
and ashes. With a population
of upward of twenty-five thou
sand persons, the city has been
destroyed and survivors are re
ported to number iess than two
score, nearly all of them burned,
wounded and suffering awful
tortures- - -The— Joss -of —life - in
Morne Rouge and other neigh
boring towns and parishes, it is
feared, will swell the death list to
the appalling total of forty thou
sand. No such calamity has
been chronicled in recent times.
For anything approximating a
parallel in horror and in extent of
the disaster one must hark back
to the fate of the cities of the
plain, or to the doom of Hercu
laneum and Pompeii. Even un
der that historic outpouring from
Vesuvius the loss of life was
probably not so great as that
which occurred on Thursday in
the sun-kissed little island of
the Caribbean.
the volcanic eruptions
in the French West Indies. St.
Pierre, the principal city of Mar-
flf ORTY thousand hu
m 1 man lives are believed
-^ to have been lost by
Torrents of Hot Ashes Bury
the Country and Cause
an Awful Harvest
of Disaster and
Death.
; ; The ¦ survivors '.of ¦ the British steamer
Roddanv describe -the scene at St. Pierre
asjbeihg^'slinipses of hell," beyond their
description: -The Rbddam's men were
killed by molten • lava.
,-. The' Roraima .was wrecked in a terrible
upheaval of land and "sea; The whole
crew.- perished. < . '. _.
..' Two" ships were lost"witlTaTl on board in
an ; attempt , to approach Martinique.
* ¦ A 'dispatch'! to ..the Dally Mail .'from •Ja
maica'* says :;' "Tke first* intimation "\ of ! 'a
disaster ;_<aV Martinique) 'Vwas; the" break-.
Ing of the cables on Tuesday., The French
cable*, toe Martinique ; from : Puerto Plata
was brokeh'-Wednesday^ ¦}. Cable communi
cation ; With 'all the ? northern islands"'? Is'
"stopped.'.' .... . ., ..-.¦'¦..' :. . .
¦'; -The . " inhabitants^ :• of »the ." southern '¦ dis
tricts-of the island," who were';; dependent
oh 'St)v Pierre "for pro visions, are menaced
by famine.,, '.., '; '';¦¦' ' ; .... .' . - '
A dispatch to : the . . Daily ;- Mail from
.Pointe-a-Pitre,. .island * of ; , Guadaloupe,
French , West ' Indies, .dated If yesterday/
says:; ."The Mont Pelee (S£. Pierre) 'crater
ejected 'yesterday,' morning moltenV rocks
and ashes during, three minutes and com
pletely "destroyed SW Pierre and ?the :dis : '
tricts within -a 1 four-mlle'radius. v Air the
inhabitants ;were burned."; " \i *..' : V.
; ; About" 'eight'; passengers ' from ' the ;, Ro'-'
raima of ' the/. Quebec! Steamship line* were
saved- by.' the French- cruiser* Suchet. '1-
SCENES IN THE ;VICINITT. OP; MONT:^ELEE. WHOSE CRATER' SENT; FORTH A' MASS] OF. MUD, HOT. WATER
AND CINDERS THURSDAY. AND' CAUSED THE DESTRUCTION OF THE BEAUTIFUL TOWN OFST.PIERRE
-".: AND A' LOSS OF LIFE ESTIMATED ? AT 40,000.' • \ V ''.*.'.''" '/ ''
The San Francisco Call.Itching, BUna. Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
No cure, -No Pay. AH druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of , Pazo ¦ Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure any case of piles
no matter of how long stand ins. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; wont cases tn. fourteen days
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. - This is a new discovery ana
is the only pile remedy sold on poiitlvo guar
antee, no cure, no pay. " A free sample will be
sent;, by mall to any one sending nama and ad
dress.-Price. • 00c. ¦ If your. druggist don't keep
It in stock send 50c In stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.; St. 'Louis,: Mo.. w £*
also manufacture • the :. celebrated ,' cold cure
Laxative .Bromo-Qulnina -Tablets. .
Dust From St. Vincent's.
BRIDGETOWN, island of Barbadoes,
British West Indies, May 9.— Volcanic dust
from the; eruption on the island of St.
Vincent is still ; falling ¦¦ here. The ; roads
and houses are covered "• an inch thick.
The island of Barbadoes is. over one hun
dred miles from the island of St. Vincent
jr^INGSTON, Jamaica, May 9.— All the
fC islands in the- neighborhood of
¦«¦ Martinique are isolated, apparently
by an earthquake. Cable commun
ication with St. Vincent. Barbadoes
Granda, Trinidad, Madeira and . St Lu
cia is interrupted. Fears are entertained
for the safety of the cable repair. steam
er. Grappler, which was at Martinique
prior to the disaster.
- NEW-YORK, May 9.— The central cable
office of the Western Union \ Telegraph
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, May. 9.— The
cabls officials here have received dis
patches from the island of , Dominica" that
a schooner which arrived there from the
island i of Martinique reports that over
forty •thousand people are supposed ''to
have perished ,during the volcanic'dis
turbances in Martinique. The- cable "re
pair ship Grappler, belonging to the West
India and Panama Telegraph -Company
of London, was. lost with all hands dur
ing tho eruption of Mount Pelee at ' St '
Pierre. Martinique. The Grappler was
one' of the first ships |to. disappear. 7 "". ".
MANY ISLANDS
ARE ISOLATED
Communication Is Broken
by Earthquake and Ca
ble Steamer Lost
PORTLAND, Me.," May 9.— News of
the catastrophe at St. Pierre, island
of Martinique, was of deep interest
to the firm of J: P. Hamlen & Co.,
of this city,. which is said to be the only
New England business house wljh an of
fice at St. Pierre. dealing In
Northern lumber, the Hamlena are inter
ested in the sugar industry there' and
hold considerable property. Their loss
will be heavy. 7 -.
J..C. Hamlen, the junior member. of the
firm,, says there were no New, England
people 'at the island connected' with the
business and he . believes > that none but
natives were killed. . He. also is of the
opinion that no New England or Ameri
can -.vessels : were in port, as • the - season
for shipping lumber, ice and coal is over.
was renewed, but the population began to
recover just as the final catastrophe took
place.
PERISH 'THROUGH BRAVEERY.
The inhabitants of St. Pierre perished
through their bravery and 'devotion to
their town and homes.
Captain Freeman of the British ship
Roddam, which was at St Pierre at the
time .of the holocaust, and which brought
the news to St- Lucia, is in a critical con
dition in the hospital at St. Lucia.
All of the Roddam's officers and engi
neers are ' dead or dying." ¦ Most of i the
crew perished and the supercargo, Camp
bell, and ten men jumped "overboard and
lost their, lives. The town of St. Thomas
Is 'sending, to St. Pierre a relief vessel, the
Alert. " The cable ship Grappler, lost In
Martinique, was the first vessel to be de
stroyed.
BOSTON, May 9.— The Portland schoon-
IXEES FROM ST. VINCENT. -
The British schooner Ocean Traveler of
St. Jolnv N. B., arrived atNthe ; Island of
Dominica at 3 o'clock this afternoon from
the West Indies. '. She was obllged"to flee
from • the • Island of St. Vincent, British
West Indies, 'during the afternoon of May
7, in consequence of a heavy 'fall of sand
from a volcano .which was erupting there.
She tried to reach the island of St.- Lucia,
but adverse currents ; prevented her. from
doing ,' so.' The schooner • arrived opposite
QtS Pierre, Martinique,* Thursday morning.
May S. While about a mile off the vol
cano of- Mont Pelee fire from.it swept
th'e whole ; town of St Pierre," destroying
the town and the shipping there,; includ
ing the"; cable repair ship Grapple^' of "the
West India* and ; Panama Telegraph\ Com
pany of London, rwhich ; wasrengaged 'in
repairing ' the cable. ' : The Ocean Traveler,
while ¦ on her. .way, to . Dominica,:encount
ered/ a , quantity ; of : wreckage
¦•'. . .¦ .¦ ;'-: ; "".¦—— — » " .''.- ¦•
Schooner^ Morse 'Probably - Lost.
ST. THOMAS, D.-W. I., May 9, 9:35
a. m.— The ' French cruiser Suchet
arrived at Point-a-Pltre, island of
Guadalupe. French West Indies, this
morning, bringing several refugees.. She
confirmed the report that the town of
St. Pierre, Martinique, was entirely de
stroyed at 8 o'clock on Thursday morn
ing by a volcanic eruption. It is supposed
that most of the inhabitants of St. Pierre
were killed, that the neighboring parishes
were laid waste and that the residue of
the population of St Pierre is without
food or shelter. i,v. ; - .•:
The commander of the Suchet reports
that at 1 o'clock on Thursday the entire
town of St Pierre was wrapped In flames.
He endeavored to save about thirty per
sons, more or less burned, from the ves
sels in the harbor. His officers went
ashore in small boats, seeking survivors,
but were unable to penetrate the town.
They saw heaps\ of bodies upon ! the
wharver and^ It is believed that not : a
single person resident in St . Pierre at
the moment of the catastrophe escaped.
The 'Governor of the colony and his
staff and wife were in St. Pierre and
probably perished. The extent of the
catastrophe cannot be imagined. • The
captain of the British steamer Roddam
was very seriously Injured,* and is now
in tha hospital at St. Lucia,. All of his
officers and engineers were killed or dy
ing. Nearly every member of the crew
is dead. Surgeon Campbell . and ten of
the crew of -the Roddam jumped over
board at St. Pierre and were lost.
PARIS, May 9.— The commander of the
French cruiser Suchet has telegraphed to
the Minister of Marine, M. de Lanessan,
from Fort de France, island of Marti
nique, under date of Thursday, May 8,
at 10 p. m., as follows:
"Have just*, returned, from St.'. Pierre,
which has . been "; completely destroyed -by
an immense mass of fire, which ' fell on
the town at about 8 o'clock in the morn-
Officers of Cruiser Suchet
View the Horrors at
St. Pierre.
WARSHIP PICKS
UP SURVIVORS
None but Native Employes
of Ham fen & Co.
Among Victims.
Refugees From Threatened
Districts Fed by the
Authorities.
"w ONDON, May 9.— The Colonial Office
§ here has received a dispatch from
¦*— 4 Sir Robert Llewellyn, Governor of
the Windward Islands, ,in the Car
ribbean. Sea, dated from Kingston, JjSt
Vincent, yesterday, .in which the Gover
nor says that the Soufriere volcano, in
the ' northwestern part of the island: of
St. Vincent, continued in activity. Earth
shocks had recurred for a week past, but
not actually in'Klngston. On. Wednesday
a big cloud of steam hung over the Souf
riere and the inhabitants, who were
greatly alarmed, were flocking to Cha
teau de Belalre. There were nearly 300
refugees there, who were being fed by
the authorities.' v.
; »
NEW ENGLAND
MEMBERS SAFE
¦ All the newspapers here express the ut
most horror at the catastrophe, which,
they ca.y. for its magnitude Ia only com
parable to Pompeii, and they extend deep
sympathy to the French nation.
Owing to the cable breakdown in the
West Indies, no details of the disaster at
Martinique have yet been received here.
The available dispatches from the West
Indies represent the inhabitants of the
other Islands as being In deadly fear.
Professor John Milne, the seismologist,
la an • Interview published in the Daily
Express, declares that his seismic instru
ments nave recorded no disturbance, and
they would almost Invariably have done
bo ! had serious earthquakes occurred.
Professor Milne's theory is that Mont
Pelee "had blown its head off." owing to
the Infiltration of water ; through the
rocks until it had reached the molten
material beneath, forming steam of tre
mendous pressure, when something, had
to give way.
PARIS, May 10.— Although the destruc
tion of St. Pierre. Martinique, was known
here early, yesterday, the Parisians do
not yet seem to realize the awfulness of
the catastrophe, which apparently hardly
caused more than a ripple of excitement
on the boulevards. Even the newsboys
last night were not shouting the last edi
tions of the evening papers with their
visual vim. This was mainly due to the
xneagerness of the dispatches received
here, and to the total absence of details.
The. only sign of grief yet visible is the
half-masted flag over the Ministry of the
Colonies. Beyond reproducing the cable
dispatches received by the Government,
CRATER SMOKES
ON ST. VINCENT
the evening papers yesterday either re
frained from commenting on the disaster
or confined themselves to printing his
tories, ancient and modern, of similar
events. The morning papers to-day do
little better.
The Figaro follows the cable dispatches
with a geographical history of the island
of Martinique and speculates whether the
catastrophe is due to an eruption or an
earthquake or to both, winding up with
the statement that it is not France alone,
but humanity as a whole, that Is plunged
in mourning, as such calamities call up
the feeling of solidarity uniting all who
think and. feel.
The Matin says it Is one of the most
frigrhtful catastrophes recorded, and that
we must go back to Pompeii to find a
parallel for such a calamity.
«
ing. The entire population (about 25 000
souls) Is supposed to have perished I
have brought back the few survivors
about thirty. All the shipping In the har
bor has been destroyed by fire. The erup
tion continues."
The commander of the French cruiser
Suchet. now at Fort de France, has been
ordered to return to St. Pierre, Martin
w» U rA VW a11 , the Speed Posslble an « for
ward details of the disaster to the French
Government. He cannot, however be
heard from for twenty-four hours, as' the
Suchet has gone to the island of Guade
lupe in order to obtain provisions, i
"'.' f f, ared that M. Moutele, Governor
of Martinique/ has perished. He tele
graphed May 7 that he was proceeding to
St. Pierre. Senator Knight is also sup
posed to have been at St. Pierre.
The British royal mail steamer Bsk
which arrived at St. Lucia this morning'
n^M tS -r h v, aVln f passed St ' Plerr e last
night. The steamer was covered with
ashes, though she was five miles distant
from the town, which was in Impenetrable
darkness. A boat was sent in as near as
possible to the shore, but not a living
soul was seen ashore, only flames
The Quehec Steamship Company's
steamer Roraima was seen to explode and
disappear. IU
M. Bluguenot. a sugar planter of the
Island of Martinique, received a cable dis
patch this morning from Fort de France
sent by. the manager of the Francais fac
tory announcing that he had "tried to
reach St Pierre, but found the coast cov
ered with ashes. and the town enveloped
in dust and could not land."
Senator Knight, who is referred to in
the dispatch from Paris as having prob
ably been at St Pierre at the time of
the disaster, is the president of the Gen
eral Council, or local legislative body, of
the Island of Martinique. , y> l
AWFUL PANIC.
Continued From Page One.
m tEW TORK.ji Mayi'.'-;.- 9 -— There were
f\f three passengers 'on the r ,-: Quebec
¦I ' Steamship f -.Coo'irtany'S 1 rteamshlp
Rorairaa", whiohpwas'ipstfwith all
on board J In 1 - the^Uaxbor /of ' St. Pierre.
These pas3engeri x , 1- vvere."F. Hlnce, Mrs.
J. Hince and Mrs:. Stokes. 'All lived In
the West Indies.' At , the Quebec Steam
ship Company's offices here no news had
been received here either %from ; Captain
Mumgah, the commander *bf the vessel,"
or from any of the West Indian agents of
the line. . \, '¦ : . 7 •
At the offices of the Danish and French
Consuls nothing had been heard directly
of the present conditions in the destroyed
district. . :¦¦.¦¦ J ..'.-••
Passengers Who Lived in
West Indies Lost on
Rordima^ %
GO DOWN WITH
L&ST STEAMER
Company sent . out the . following • notice
at 8:34 p. m.:7 '• " r " : 7 . ,
"St. Lucia advises us that a chartered
sloop ; will' go to St.* Vincent when the
office at.St. . Lucia closes; to-nieht. _
asked for,' an explanation, the
cable company said the message meant
that the cables are Interrupted both nor^h
and south', of St. Lucia. . ¦'.:.
The Commercial Cable Company this
evening- made the following announce
ment: ¦ ' :
?•We are advised that the approximate
delay by steamer from St. Lucia to Brit
ish Guiana' is from twenty-four to forty
eight hours." '
Professor Hill Explains Cause of the
Disaster on Martinique.
la Caracas ten thoiisaiid. people were burled In a single
moment, and after this" "event ruin was wrought all along
the line of the Andee by earthquakes. Morne Garon vom
ited vast clouds of dust, v«hich darkened the sun for an
entire day and spread over a hundred miles of. sea and
land. Volumes of mud changed the configuration of the
island and changed its eastern end. The present crater,
formed at that time, is half a mile In diameter and five
hundred feet deep and" ia now a beautiful lake, walled In
by rocky cliffs to a height .of eight hundred feet Its
tJopes are covered with peaceful vegetation and fields of
Within human history there has been but one serious
eruption Jn the Caribbee Islands, but this, like the present
catastrophe, was one of the most destructive the world
has ever seen. In 1S12 the mountain of Morne Garon, on
the Island of St. Vincent, about ninety miles south of
Martinique, exploded. - The explosion was a most fatal
and far-reaching cataclysm, being equaled In recent years
only by that of Krakatoa, in the Btraits of Sunda.
It is true that the soufriere of Guadaloupe has sent up
from its summit from time immemorial faint puffs o£
eteam, and that upon Dominica and other of the islands
there were a few hot -springs, but for nearly a hundred
years there hr.s not been the least sign of an explosion.
There is also an old crater or soufriere on the island of
Et. Lucia which contains some boiling springs.
While explosions by which the mud and cinder type
were ejected have been sudden, they have taken place
only at ions intervals of time, each one adding its pile to
the surface debris and obliterating the previous landscape.
It has been so long since any explosions have occurred
that most geographers as well as inhabitants of the islands
had considered tliat the forces which produced them were
spent, and classified them extinct volcanoes.
The northern islands of the necklace, like Saba and
St. Kustatius, are simple crater cones, but the center of
the chain consists of four larger islands, Guadaloupe,
Dominica, St. Lucia and St. Vincent, each of which is a
complicated mass of old volcanic vents whose peaks at
tain their greatest height ia Mount Diablotim of Domin
¦ ica. 4747 feet above the sea. These volcanoes do . not. con
form to the type which most people have in mind, for
from them there flow no fiery streams of lava nor do
they always give days of warning before outbreaks. On
the other hand, their eruptions consist of hot water, cin
ders and mud. Their explosions come with terrific sud
denness and when least expected. In volcanoes which
eject lava the ascending column of molten liquid vibrates
the earth for days or even months before it reaches the
surface, and people of the vicinity can always foretell
eruptions. It is not so with the cinder type, for they
explode suddenly and do their damage without much
warning.
Across the throat of the Caribbean extends a chain of
islands (Caribbees) which are really smoldering furnaces
with tires always banked up, always ready to break forth
ct some unexpected and inopportune moment. Tills group,
commencing with Saba. en the north, near our own Porto
Rico, and ending with Grenada on the south, near Trini
dad, consists of ancient ash heaps piled up in times past
by volcanic action. These old ash heaps have weathered
Into fertile soil, which, bathed by an undue share of moist
ure, has become covered with ripe growths of damp and
moldering vegetation. This game soil also produces all
the richest vegetable products of the tropics. These vol
canic islands have been slowly piling up since the begin
ning of the tertiary period, and their bases extend be
neath the waters for a depth as great as their summits
project above it, making their total height nearly ten
thousand feet above their submerged bases.
J^TALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W % ., WASHINGTON, May Robert
\m/ T. Hill to-night gave- The Call^ correspondent a description of the characteristics of the Carib
¦bean Sea islands, especially of Martinique, and the cause of seismic disturbance there. .Pro
fessor Hill says that hurricanes, plague, mis government and French-English zvtirs had played fre
quent havoc ivith the inhabitants of crowded St. Pierre. The calamity resulting from the explosion
of Mont Pelee was one of which the people never dreamed. They had looked: upon. : the -mountain's
verdure-clad slopes enly as the home of sprites and goblins and of the dreaded fer de lance, the most
fatal serpent in existence. What happened at Moilt Pelee was a gigantic explosion of steam and gas
accompanied by a thowct of redhot cinders. Professor Hill says:
¦ ¦¦'¦¦ ¦ - ' \ . .¦ ' • j. ¦ .
cane. ' The island of Martinique is composed almost en
tirely of old volcanic material, and is dominated by three
conspicuous- peaks which have probably been volcanic in
the past. Mount Pelee, the highest of these. Is 4423 feet
in height and dominates the northern end of the island.
Near the center of the island is Corbet, 3960 feet in 'height,
and near the southwestern end Vauclin, 1657 feet. '
Behind the sheltering lee of Pelee lay St. Pierre. This
city, with its 25,000 inhabitants, isolated from the rest of
the island and the world, except by the call of an occa
sional passing steamer, led a tranquil and quiet existence.
So narrow was the sloping bench upon which it is situ
ated there was hardly room for its population,. crowded in
houses of antique pattern built in old French colonial
days. The streets were paved with cobblestones, and
through each gutter flowed a quiet stream of mountain
water. The inhabitants were almost entirely Martiniques,
that queer race composed of a mixture of African, French
and Carib blood, noted for its, beauty and its misfortunes.
Hurricanes, plague', misgovernment and French-English
wars played frequent havoc with these people, but the
calamity resulting front the explosion of Mont Pelee is one
of which they never dreamed. They, had looked upon its
verdure-clad slopes only as the home of sprites , and ¦ gob
lins which abound in their peculiar folklore and of the
dreaded fer de lance, the most fatar serpent in existence
and which inhabits only this inland and; St. Lucas.
What happened at Mont Pelee waa. probably this: ; A
gigantic explosion of steam and gas, accompanied ,by a
shower of redhot cinders, which, falling upon" homes arid
shipping, burned and partially buried them. Volcanlsm is
still one of the' most inexplicable and profound problems
which defies the power of geologists to explain, - and one
of the most singular Is the fact that it sometimes breaks
forth simultaneously in ' widely distant portion's of the
earth. A sympathetic relation of this kind has long been
known between Hecla and Vesuvius, .and . it is probable
that the Carib volcanoes have some sympathetic rela
tion with the volcanoes of Central America and Southern
Mexico. At the time of the explosion of St. Vincent other
explosions preceded or followed it in Northern South
America and Central America.
The present outburst" on Mont Pelee in Martinique Is
apparently the culmination of a number of. recent vol-
canic disturbances which have been unusually severe.
Colima, In Mexico, was in eruption but a few months ago,
while Chilpanclngo, the capital of the State of Guerrero,
was nearly destroyed by an earthquake which followed.
Only a few days ago cities of Guatemala were shaken
down by tremendous earthquakes. In a few days, when
the news can be received from the inaccessible interior of
Central America, it will probably be learned that some of
the numerous volcanic summits of - that region have ex
ploded. Although widely^distant; there v stern's J to' be a
geological relation between ' the Caribbean and Central
American volcanic chains. .« •-'•. ¦¦ \ .•'. - - ... *¦
The whole region of the American Mediterranean, in
stead of being a Tjofly of water, as it appears on the maps,
is looked upon by geologists as a great east and
vest -mountain system', whose/ridgcs, : except the great
Antilles, are submerged beneath the water, where profound
valleys and submerged mountain crests are found between
the banks and depths. This Antillean mountain system
suddenly terminates at each end to the east and west
with lines of great volcanoes running at right angles to
It. These are the volcanic chains of Central America and
of the Carlbbee Islands. It is a singular fact that both
these volcanic chains are of the peculiar type which erupt
cinders and mud, and It certainly appears as if there" was
some sympathetic relation between them.
FURNACES SMOLDER
ON LAND AND OCEAN
A PPENDED are the great
'/¦ disasters of history due to
J. JL volcanic disturbances:
' Pompeii and ' Herculan
eum, ; destroyed by erup
tion of Mount .Vesuvius, A- D. 79.
Earthquake In Constantinople,
thousands, killed," 557.
¦ ".'. Catania, [ Sicily, / 15,000 ' persons
• killed; by' earthquake, U37. ,'. .' .
/. Syria, 20,000 killed by eartMuake,
¦.lips. .-¦¦¦¦ */¦• ' : .-'v ; ' : , y}:.
¦ Cilicia, 20.000 -killed - by ,eartb
quake.^1268. *.;¥ - . ¦ I '.- l .
Palermo, earthquakes, 6000 lost,
,. 172(5.- ..¦-....;¦_..._._... . ! .. .... u. ._,X-_
Canton, China,, 100,000' lost .by
earthquake,; November SO, 1731.7
Kuchan, North" Persia, 40,000 lost,
earthquake, 1755. '."¦ .'¦¦,*".
7 Lisbon;' city ruined by'earth
quake, 25,000 killed, November, 1755.
Aleppo,. destroyed by earthquake,:
killed, 1S22. t -
Canton, earthquake, "6000 lost,
May 27, 1830. .
Calabria,, earthquake, 10,000 lost,
1857. < ¦¦"- '7'
•7 ; Island of Krakatoa, volcanic
•eruption, 36,3S0 lives lost, May 27,
iss3. ;¦ ¦¦;:':,' 7 •;, 7.;
. : Isle . of - Ischia, earthquake, 2000
. lost, 1883.7:.
Eruption of Mauna Loa, Hawaii,
79 killed, 1850. ,
; Bandanisan, volcanic eruption,
1000 killed, July, 1888. ;
: Island of Hondo, Japan, earth
'j. quake, 10.000 killed, October, li$L
' Venezuela, earthquake, 3000
killed,' April 24," 1834.
• 'Charleston, S. ¦ C, earthquake, 41
lives lost, August 30, 1896.
7 Guatemala, -earthquake, loss of
I life not yet ascertained, April, 1902.
THE GREAT
DISASTERS
OF HISTORY
GREATEST DISASTER OF MODERN TIMES
HISTORY REPEATS
STORY OF POMPEII
No longer thought the crowd of justice or of Arbaces;
safety for themselves was their sole thought. Bach turned
to fly— each dashing, pressing, crushing against the other.
Trampling . recklesslyV over the fallen, amid groans and
oaths and prayers and sudden shrieks, the enormous
crowd vomited itself forth through the numerous passages.
Whither should they fly? "Some, anticipating a second
earthquake, hastened to "their homes to load themselves
with their more costly goods and escape while it was yet
time; others, dreading the showers of ashes that now fell
fast, torrent upon torrent, over the streets, rushed under
the roofs of the nearest houses or temples or sheds—shel
ter, of any., kind— for protection from the terrors of the
open air. :^ But' darker and larger and mightier spread the
'cloud ; above them. It was a sudden and more ghastly
: Nigh't rushing upon the realm of Noon!
¦-¦'..-;;'. *' • ' • ¦ • ' ;
(\ \* Amid *, the other horrors the mighty mountain now cast
up columns 'of boiling water. Blent and kneaded with the
half-burning;, ashes, the streams fell like seething mud
over the streets in frequent intervals. And full, where the
priests t of Isis had now cowered around the altars, on
which" they had vainly sought to kindle fires and pour
incense, one of the fiercest of those deadly torrents,
mingled with immense fragments of scoria, had poured its
rage. Over the bended forms of the priests it dashed;
that cry had been of death— that silence had been of eter
nity!: The ashes— the pitchy .stream— sprinkled, the altars,
covered the pavement and half concealed the quivering
corptes of the priests!
-• ; -¦..*'. ..•-.'¦.¦¦•_.• , '
A sudden flash of lightning from the mount showed to
Burbo, who " stood motionless at the threshold, the flying
and laden form of the priest. He took heart, he stepped
forth to join him, when a tremendous shower of ashes fell
right before his feet. The gladiator shrank back once
more. Darkness closed him in. But the shower continued
fast— fast, its heaps rose high and suffocatingly — deathly
vapors steamed from them, . The wretch gasped for
breath— he sought in despair again to fly— the ashes had
blocked up the threshold— he shrieked as his feet shrank
from the boiling fluid. How could he escape? He could
not climb to the open space; nay, were he able, he could
not brave its horrors. It were be3t to remain in the. cell,
protected, at least, from the fatal air. He sat down and
clenched his teeth. By degrees the atmosphere from with
out— stifling and venomotls— crept into the chamber. He
could endure It no longer. His eyes, glaring round, rested
on a sacrificial ax which some priest had left in the cham
ber; he seized it. With the desperate strength of his
gigantic arm he attempted to how his way through the
walls.
Meanwhile the streets were already thinned; the crowd
had hastened to disperse itself under shelter; the ashes
began to fill up the lower parts of the town; but there and
there 'you heard the steps of fugitives crunching them
warily or saw. their pale and haggard faces by the blue
glare of th.© lightning or the more unsteady glare of
torches by . which they endeavored to steer their steps.
But ever and anon the boiling water or the straggling
ashes, mysterious and gusty winds rising and dying in a
breath, extinguished these wandering lights and with
' .Then there arose on -high the universal shrieks of
women;. the men stared at each other, but were dumb. At
that moment they felt the earth shake beneath their feet;
the walls of the* theater trembled: and beyond in the dis
tance they heard the crash of falling roofs; an instant
more and the mountain cloud seemed to roll toward them,
dark and rapid, like a torrent; at the same time it cast
from Its bosom a shower of ashes mixed with vast frag
ments of burning stone! Over the crushing vines, over
the desolate streets, over the amphitheater itself, far and
wide, with many a mighty splash in the agitated sea, fell
that awful' showerl
There was a dead, heart-sunken silence, through which
tnere suddenly broke the roar of the lion, which was
echoed back from within the building by the sharper and
fiercer yells of its fellow beast. Dread seers were' they of
the Burden, of the Atmosphere, and wild prophets of the
wrath to come!- : • / .
Bulwer-Lytton's Description Applies to
Lost St.' Pierre.
THE appalling. disaster at SLPierre, comparable in its immensity of destruction and horror
with the historic tragedy at the cities of Pompeii and Herculaneum, over which dreaded Vesu
vius poured its death-flood of lava and showered life-destroying ashes upon thousands of in
habitants, vividly recalls Bulw,er-Lytton's rare description of that catastrophe. In the famous novel
ist's word picture, a portion of which is republished here, all the terrible features of a volcanic erup
tion and Us accompanying loss of life and property are presented with an abundance of thrilling
detail. This description may well serve to convey an idea of the horrors at St. Pierre:
The power of the praetor was as a reed beneath the
whirlwind; still, at his word the .guards had drawn them
selves along the lower benches,. on which the upper classes
sat separate from the vulgar. They made but a feeble
barrier— the waves of the human sea halted for a moment
to, enable Arbaces to count the exact moment of his doom!
In despair, and in a terror which beat down even pride,
he. glanced his eyes over the rolling and rushing crowd—
whent right above them, through the wide chasm which
had been left in the- velarja, he beheld a strange and awful
apparition— he beheld— and his craft restored* his courage!
He stretched his band. on high; over his lofty brow and
royal , features . there came an expression' of unutterable
solemnity and command. ;
"Behold!" he. shouted with a voice of thunder, which
stilled the. roar of the crowd; "behold how the gods protect
the guiltless! ., The fires of the avenging Orcus burst forth
against the ! false of my accusers!"
. 'The eyes of the crowd followed the gesture of the
Egyptian and : beheld, witH" ineffable dismay, a vast vapor
shooting from /.the summit of Vesuvius in the form of a
gigantic pine tree— the trunk, blackness; the branches, fire
r-a- fire that shifted and wavered in Its hues with every
moment, now fiercely luminous, now of a dull and dying
red,,.that. again, blazed terrifically forth with intolerable
glare! ' -•> •" ' .
them the lagt living hope of those who bore them.
• • • •
The cloud, which had scattered so deep a murkines3
over the day, had now settled into a solid and impenetra
ble mass. It resembled less even the thickest gloom of
night in the open air than the close and blind darkness of
some narrow room. " But in proportion as the blackness
gathered did the lightnings around Vesuvius Increase \n
their vivid and scorching glare. Nor was their horrible
beauty confined to the usual hues of fire; no rainbow ever
rivaled their varying and prodigal dyes. Now brightly
blue as the most azure depth of a southern sky — now of a
livid and snakelike greep, darting restlessly to and fro as
the folds of an enormous serpent— now of a lurid and in
tolerable crimson, gushing forth through the columns of
smoke, far and wide, and lighting up the whole city from
arch to arch— then suddenly dying into a sickly paleness,
like the chost of their own life!
In the pauses of the showers you heard the rumbling
of the earth beneath and the groaning waves of the tor
tured sea; or, lower still, and audible but to the watch of
intensest fear, the grinding and hissing murmur of the
escaping gases through the chasms of tha distant moun
tain. Sometimes the cloud appeared to break from its
solid mass, and, by. the lightning, to assume quaint and
vast mimicries of human or of monster shapes, striding
across the gloom, hurtling one upon the other, and van
ishing swiftly into the turbulent abyss of shade; so that,
to the eyes and fancies of the affrighted* wanderers, the
unsubstantial vapors were as the bodily forms of gigantic
foes— the agents of terror and of death.
The ashes in many places were already knee deep; and
the boiling showers which came from the steaming breath
of the volcano forced their way Into the houses, bearing
with them a strong and suffocating vapor. In some place3
immense fragments of rock, hurled upon the house roofs,
bore down along the streets, masses of confused ruin,
which yet more and more, with every hour, obstructed the
way; and, as the. day advanced,' the. motion of the earth
was mo^e sensibly felt— the footing seemed to slide and
creep— nor could chariot or litter be kept steady even on
the most level ground.
Sometimes the huger stones striking against each other
as they fell broke into countless fragments emitting
sparks of fire, which caught whatever was combustible
within their reach; and along the plains beyond the city
the darkness was now terribly relieved, for several houses
and even vineyard's" had been set on flames; and at various
intervals the fires rose sullenly and fiercely against the
solid gloom. To add to this partial relief of the darkness,
the citizens had, here and there, in the more public places,
such as the porticos of temples and the entrances to the
forum, endeavored to place rows of torches, but these
rarely continued long; the showers and tha winds extin
guished them, and the sudden darkness into which their
sudden birth was converted had something in it doubly
terrible and doubly impressing on the importance of
human hopes, the lesson of despair. .*.*„'
•¦¦•-.••
Bright and gigantic' through the darkness, which
closed around it like the walls of hell, the mountain shone
— a: pile of fire!; Its summit seemed riven In two; or,
rather, above its surface there seemed to rise two monster
shapes, each confronting each, as demons contending for
a world. These were of one deep blood-red hue of fire,
which lighted up the whole atmosphere far and wide; but,
below, the nether part of the mountain was still dark and
shrouded, save in three places, adown which flowed, ser
pentine and irregular, rivers of the molten lava, Darkly
red through the profound gloom of their banks they
flowed slowly on, as toward the devoted city. Over the
broadest there seemed to spring a cragged and stupendous
arch, from which, as from the Jaws of hell, gushed the
sources of the sudden Phlegethon. And through the stilled
air was heard the rattling of the fragments of rock,
hurtling one upon another as they were borne down the
fiery cataracts— darkening, for one Instant; the spot where
they fell, and suffused the next, In the burnished. hues of
the flood along which they floated!
• ¦ • • ¦-¦• --."'
Instinctively he turned to the mountain, and behold!
one of the two gigantic crests into which the summit had
been divided rocked and wavered to and fro; and then
with a sound, the mightiness of which no language can
describe, it fell from its burning base and rushed, an
avalanche of fire,' down the sides of tha mountain!* At
the same Instant gushed forth a volume of blackest smoke
on, over air, sea and earth.
Another— and another— and another shower of ashes far
more profuse than before scattered fresh desolation alonr
the streets. 1 ..7. '
:''\''\ 7 - i- : }*y--''-'.?''\\ ; •
Around the east thin mists caught gradually th» rosy
hues that heralded the morning; Light was about to re
sume her reign.
Tet, still dark and massive In the distance lay the
broken fragments of the destroying cloud, from which red
streaks, burning dimlier and more dim. betrayed the yet
rolling fires of the mountain of the "Scorched Fields "
The white walls and gleaming columns that had adorned
the lovely coasts were no more. Sullen and dull were the
shores so lately crested by the cities of Herculaneum and
Pompeii The darlings of the Deep were snatched from
her embrace! Century after century shall the mlehtv
Mother stretch forth her azure arms and know them not
moaning round the sepulchers of the Lost}
THE SM FRANCJISeO CALL; SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
Continued From Page One.
PEOPLE OF DOOMED.
Continued on Page Fire.
PARIS, May ».— The Colonial Min
ister, M. de . Crals, received this
> evening two cable messages from
the Secretary General of the Government
Disaster Causes Colonial
Office to Display
Mourning. If
FRANCE GETS
OFFICIAL NEWS
of Martinique. J. B. G. I/Hurre. sent re
spectively at 5 and 10:30 p. m. yesterdav
The earlier cable reported tha/the
were broken between Fort de France and
St. Pierre, but it was added that. In view
of reports that the eruption of Mont Pelee.
had wiped out the town of St. Pierre all
the boats available at Fort de France
rf e J P * atChed tQ the assistance of the
inhabitants of. that nlaee.
The second dispatch, confirmed *he re
ports of the destruction of St. Pierre and
its environs and shipping ;by a rain of
fire, and said it was supposed that the
whole population had been annihilated
with the exception of a few. Injured per
sons rescued by. the cruiser Suchet.
Immediately after the receipt' of the
foregoing dispatches the . flagr over tho
Colonial Office was dressed with .'crape
and hoisted at half-mast. -
BORDEAUX. France, May 9.—The Min
ister of the Colonies, M.'de Crals who
has been visiting the south .'of -France
hurried back to Paris on hearing of the'
Martinique disaster. -Before leaving here
er Anna J. Morse, Captain Parker, ar-'
rived at St. Pierre, Martinique, April 24,
from Philadelphia, with a cargo of coal,
and fears are expressed In shipping cir
cles, here for her safety, as she is sup
posed to have been there at the time of
the destruction of the city. The Morse
was owned by J. S. "Winslow & Co. of
Portland, Me. ,
Piles 'Cured Without the KniXe.
2
JL B tu JLrJL%^£ 114-iJ Or thP ¦
notable State and Social Factions, at Home
and Abroad; demonstrate; the Pre-eminence of
"THE QUEEN OF TABLE WATERS."
" . ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Scrofula
It is commonly inherited.
Few are entirely free from it.
Pale, weak, puny children are
afflicted with it in nine cases out of ten,,
and many adults suffer from it.
Common indications are bunches in
the neck, abscesses, cutaneous erup-
tions, inflamed eyelids, sore -ears, ric-
kets, catarrh, wasting, and Reneral de-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Eradicate it, positively and absolutely.
This statement is based on the thou-
sands of permanent cures these medi-
cines have wrought.
Testimonials of remarkable cure* mailed on
tnu««t-" C. X. HOOD CO., ¦Lowell. Mass.V.'ASHINGTON, May 9.— As a result of
consideration by the Attorney Generalof
a report of investigation made by Lieu
tenant Colonel E. P. Crowder of the
army, Secretary Hay will make ian an
nouncement that the British Government
is not violating the neutrality laws of the
United States. - .; :VAX3*S
Apparently the Boer -, sympathizers ap
pi eciate that this will be - the result of
tho investigation, for Boer clubs in Phila
delphia" and. elsewhere have been sending
dispatches and letters to the Attorney
General reiterating charges that the Brit
ish ars not observing the policy of neu
trality of this Government. These; com
munications will be answered by the At
tcrney General-
Regarding- Complaints of Boer
Sympathizers. ¦
Secretary Hay Will Issue a Statement
LAWS OF NEUTRALITY
NOT BEING VIOLATED
Mardi Gras Parade and Ball.
, BAKERSFIEL.D, May 9.— The Mardi
Gras- parade formed at Armory Hall at
8 o'clock to-night and was witnessed by
thousands. . There were many amusing
features* and as s the procession, : headed
by Timothy Spellacy as Rex Tim I and
his« court, -took its course through the
streets" the people entered fully into the
carnival- spirit. There was no end of fun
maklng. 1 - " At 9 o'clock the queen and her
court received the king's court in Armory
Hall, - and k the grand march, preceding the
ball-'bigan. At 9:30 o'clock everybody In
the -ballroom was en masque. Governor
Gage, was an interested spectator.'
success that is so well deserved, we are cor
dially yours. ¦ - -
THE EXCURSIONISTS FROM .SAN FRAN
CISCO. . =.
While the San Franciscans' were on
their way to this city last night a meet
ing was called for the purpose of provid
ing speakers to; be ready for all emer
gencies that might arise during, the ex
cursion. ¦: By unanimous consent the. tour
ists selected Andrea Sbarboro to be chair
man of the delegation and called ." upon
him. to preside on all occasions. ' Sbarboro
represents the Manufactuers' . and Pro
ducers' Association. The speakers chosen
were: F. J. Symmes.. president of the
Merchants'- Assdciation; Manager J. ' A.
Filcher of the State Board of Trade; San
ford Bennett of. the Merchants' Exchange/
and C D. . Havens of. the ! Chamber of
Commerce. Charles Bundschu was elected
official poet. , - »,..«•
GOVERNOR - GAGE TALKS.
At the gathering this afternoon these
speakers and the poet fittingly expressed
their Interest in the progress of Bakers
field, . spoke appreciatively of the enter
prise -which In a' few years 'had advanced
Bakersfield to . Its present rank, compli
mented the. rustling residents '-on .the
beauty -of their city and told of the ef
forts San Francisco was making for the
advancement of -California.' . ' .' - '¦¦¦¦¦ : .
Fred Guenther presided at the; meeting.
Governor ,Gage came to the garden with a
reception ' committee and -band. -If Gage
had any idea that he could turn the 'event
i Into a political -boom 1 for, himself- he was
undeceived. The usual .perfunctory cheers'
duetothchigh State office- he fills were'
given."' The Governor pfalsed Kern Coun
ty; and during his talk said: • .-¦... - - -'
. ".You know I am in < favor of everything
now. 1 ' ¦ \. ,.'-¦.-¦¦ ' . ¦..¦•¦-'¦¦-.-.-..¦-..•¦
The. audience understood the . political
allusion and -smiled.". •.; , .\ ,
Major Rice spoke of. Kern 'County and
welcomed the Governor. Then came', the
San Francisco speakers. , Continued ap
plause -rewarded; the witty ¦sallies of
Symmes and Bennett. Bundschu's poem
was sung : by. its author.- It -.caught the
audience, which* arose. ;¦" and ; gave' him
cheers, j Filcher's effort - was ' strong- and
telling. At the' close of the- meeting the
Bakersfield; people gave three cheers- for
the San Franciscans. , ... V •,'':.; '
CITY' MEN; ABE PLEASED;
' This -evening., the San ex-'
pressed warmly, their appreciation of all
that had been done for them here.' The
Bakersfleld citizens have -spared- no pains
; Visalia Awaits Tourists.
. VIS ALIA. May 9.— Elaborate prepara
tions •'are: being made to entertain ' the
Sari'Franclsco business men who will ar
rive in this city to-morrow morning. They
wllltbe- hospitably received and banqueted
and deluged. with flowers. Representa
tives ; of the Visalla Board of Trade will
meet 'the delegation at. some point about
fifty- miles distant and accompany them
to this -city. : The city officials and the.
Board of; Trade will act jointly in the
welcoming ceremonies. The visitors will
be taken in hacks and shown the wonder
fur-orchards that flourish in Tulare
County. ¦;¦„¦• .¦¦¦.."¦".¦:'.'¦¦¦ -\ '•.
TTJXARE COUNTY INLINE.
W.:* B. Nichols of' Dinuba, ; who is ' here
in 'theVinterest of the various Boards of
.Tradeiof Tulare t County, Is arranging for
a: business men's excursion from this city
and: San- Jose on May 16 to the citrus
belt'; of • the county named. .It is proposed
to start a special train at 8 o'clock that
morning," /.and arrive in Visalla at 5
o'clock, where the members of ; the Board
of .Trade will. take the visitors in har.a. .
The following morning (Saturday) a trip
will*,- be! made to Portervllle :and Exeter,
where carriages will, be 'provided, and- a
six-mile drive through: a rich orchard
country % will bring j the visitors to . Lind
say/ where the. train will again be taken.
The -night ". will . be spent in Porterville,
where ¦ preparations . are already well un
der way- : for'a: big -reception. . ;
7 On^Suriday morning the train will be
taken to Dinuba.:' reaching. there about 10
o'clock, : and several : hours will be spent
iir riding about' the country; . finally land-
Ing ? at - Sultana on " the line . of , the : Santa
Fe v road, -by; which; route: the r return trip
will ; be' made. ,\ The rate for the round. trip
has been 'placed at $S. Passengers will be
landed in San » Francisco on Sunday night
about'9 o'clock. 1 ;.-;: :*. . ;-»•;• f , .-. ¦_. ¦ .
;;'The ;, people " are very ' enthusiastic » over
the proposed excursion and will send Ben
Maddox-. up- here^duringthe week.to ad
ndressa meeting, of business; men ; and en
deavor "to. interest : them in ther proposed
'trip.'-^-:.";- : :;.-¦.;- -¦--«. - V : - •¦
DiC Voorsanger Honored.
NEW ORLEANS,' May 9.— To-day was
the last day of the annual session of the
Jewish rabbis of the United States. Dr.
Joseph ¦'- Siiverman of New York was
elected president, and Jacob Voorsanger
of San Francisco was chosen a. member of
the executive committee.-
It's. Always Time
To get .one" of .-" our_ clocks — the quaint
golden 'ones that every one wants. Also
gold candlesticks, candelabra and jewel
cases make fine wedding presents and
prizes for card parties. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ' •
Hanford Man Ends His Life.
. HANFORD, May 9.— Thomas F. Train
or committed suicide at 4 o'clock- thl3
afternoon by shooting himself in the right
temple with a j revolver. The reason is
not known. Trainor was a well-known
and popular citizen.
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— Another crew
of laborers left - the Arcade depot to-day
to join the working forces, in Nevada,
where the cutoff and tracks of the Union
Pacific Railroad are being laid. Many of
the crew who left to-day carried new
guns and presented a rough and ready ap
pearance. Railway officials explain that
the men simply carried their own outfits.
No war' is expected In Nevada' at this
time. '... -- -• '-. • .
Railway Graders Carry Guns.
To the managers of the" Bakersfleld .Street
Carnival,' the Kern County Board of Trade and
all our friends in Bakersfleld. < Ban Francisco
brings greeting. The : business '. men • of -.' San
Francisco, who "have come, to I your, interesting
city in response: to kind Invitation extended to
them, take , this i opportunity, to express^ their
appreciation ' of the • many courtesies , received
from you and the hope- that; at an early date,
you will give us an opportunity to reciprocate
by a . visit to San Francisco. ; where ..the . latch
string Is. always, out.', to. our friends : of.; Kern
County. '.', Our stay " in * Bakerefleld .- has / been
most delightful and instructive. « We will return
home with new and enlarged ideas of the won
derful ' resources, and possibilities of your I coun
ty. . Wishing. you in/your grand enterprise' the
Then came an event ;. tending ; - to bind
more closely* together fraternally the peo
ple.of the oil metropolis. and those of the
city by theOolden Gate. This took place
on the roof garden of the Oil Exchange
building. Desiring to leave .nothing un
done that might add to the pleasure of the
San Franciscans, Bakersfleld. residents
had arranged for a meeting that partook
of. the nature of a public reception, v Here
speeches were made and a letter written
in behalf of the visitors by Rufus P. Jen
nings was read.. The spirit, of the occa
sion was fully set forth In the text of this
letter, which w?.s as follows : ;
RECEPTION TO VISITORS.
The San- Franciscans' were honored
guests. : To them the choicest placesVwere
assigned, and the. visitors -from, the bay
enthusiastically applauded the excellent
features of ¦, the local display.- ~. \
' In the afternoon- the carnival: pro
gramme for the day was carried out. This
was known as Eagles', and • Mardl Gras
day. Under the bluest of skies, the tem
perature being agreeable, the pageant of
the afternoon was .witnessed.' "Bands ren
dering lively airs, gorgeous floats, gayly
caparisoned horses, vaqueros, the march
ing ranks of the Fraternal Order 'of
Eagles, and a long, line:' of . carriages
passed in review qn Chester avenue before;
Queen Theresa, Lacy ; and ' her. ... brilliant
court. The ; streets " were ' thronged ; Vban
ners of brilliant hue. interspersed . with
numerous national ; flags, ;decited the'lead-'
ing thoroughfares; the -County : Court
house was a mass of bright- colors; .booths
in every street, fantastically and gayly
decorated, . were . thronged by visitors.*.
When the special train bringing the San
Francisco party arrived in Bakersfleld at
7 o'clock this morning, a nrass band ra
diant in red and playing up-to-date melo
dies with refreshing snap and vigor filed
briskly to the railway platform and be
gan a serenade which enlivened the wak
ing and speedily roused 'the. laggards. A
committee representing Bakersfleld , and
combining the official staff of the street
carnival and the Kern County Board' of
Trade stood ready to warmly greet San
Francisco. Cars had' been engaged to car
ry all the visitors, who numbered 120, to
the hotels to breakfast. Soon thereafter
arrangements were perfected ' to convey
them to the heart of the Kern River oil
district." There they saw. hundreds of oil
wells, viewed the spot where the original
discovery in .the Kern. River field ¦ was
made, inspected the vast system of tanks
provided by the Standard Oil Company at
the point where the pipe line from Bakers
field to San Francisco Bay begins, and
listened to Secretary Brundage of- the
Kern County Board of -.Trade, who ex
plained all about the wells arid. their pos
sibilities. A , considerable & delegation ; of
Bakersfleld business men accompanied the
tourists to the. oil fields. . ...
VIEW STREET • FAIR PAGEANT.
i During. the afternoon / the visitors called
on the leading merchants arid devoted at
tention to the splendid appearance of the
rooms, of the Kern County Board .of
Trade, where Secretary Brundage pre
sides.. .Roses, bowers of bamboo, pictorial
representations of the glories . of ' Kern
County.' samples of high-grade - fruit, .' a
collection ' of Indian baskets and many
other objects supplied instrutcion and en
tertainment. Secretary Brundage; as
slsted^by Mrs.. Fox and Miss Whlttemore,
entertained.
The event of the evening was the Mardi
Gras ball/- The entire town was there en
masque. Confetti flew In- the air and
merriment was ceaseless. .
The San f Franciscans will start for Por
terville'early to-morrow morning. \
KEEN'S RESOURCES SHOWN.
to make their visit pleasant and profitable
and it has been both. Through them a
special train was provided for the trip to
the oil fields. At all times during- the day
they were at ther r servlce,ot: the. visitors.
The San ¦ Franciscans Jiave succeeded in
imparting to .Bakersfleld a knowledge of
their. friendly intentions and determined
purpose to assist this and other sections
of the Sari Joaquin Valley/ -:
- Prominent- in the* entertainment: of the
visitors were'the .officers of -the carnival,
of which Fred Giienther is president;: Fred
Buckley,, general manager; Al LJndley.J.
M. Jameson^ J. B. Hewitt,'- T. J. : Packard,
Joseph- Yancy, Colonel Tim Spellacy. H.
S. Dunble, F. W. Smith, L. P. St. Clalr,
Professor -Taylor, T. J. Packer. G.- W.
Lupton.J. A. Hughes. H. A; Jastro, Ben
L. '. Brundage and Major F. S. Rice, mem
bers. . ¦; '¦- ¦ • *• . . -¦ . -
The. woman's executive committee, in
cluding; Mrs. M. Hocheimer, president;
Mrs..' G; H. Taylor, vice president; Mrs.
F. W. Mitchell, Mrs. Alfred Harrell, Mrs.
A. Weill, Mrs. A. Alexander, Mrs. J. A.
Hughes -and Mrs. Francis Borgwadt, has
been prominent. ¦ ' ¦
. The r handsomest man of the San Fran
cisco delegation, Andrea Sbarboro, -who
owes his election as chairman of the del
egation, largely to that circumstance, was
received by Queen Teresa, Prime Minister
L. E. Doan. and the queen's maids of
honor,, the Misses Healy, Klipstein, Chit
tenden, Nottingham, Beebe, Wells, . Mor
tensen and Bernard. •
STREET SCENES IN BAKERS
FIELD, AND ONE OF THE CITY'S
WIDE-AWAKE MEN.
ECRAXTON.-Pa.. May 9.— A general
strike of the miners of the anthracite re
gion has been ordered for Monday next,
but the order has a reserve qualification
attached. The question as to whether the
strike is to be made permanent is left to
the decision of a convention of delegates
of Jl local organizations of mine work
erv. to be held at Hazelton next Wednes
<iay.
The miners' executive committee of
three districts met this evening and had
a three hours' session. At its conclusion
President Mitchell gave out the following
statement:
Replies to our proposition to submit the en
tire Question in dispute to an impartial board
of arbitration have been received from ' Presi
dent Baer of the Philadelphia and Reading.
Chairman Thomas of the Erie Railroad. Presi
dent Truesdale of the Lackawanna. and Presi
dent Ollphant of the Dalaware and Hudson,
all of whom refuse to Join us in the adjust
ment of the differences between us by the
methods we propose. The executive committee*
are now considering the chances of success or
pisribilities of defeat should a strike be in
augurated.
At 4:30 p. m. the committeemen again
assembled and remained in session until
7:30 o'clock. When the session concluded
President Mitchell prepared a statement
and, assembling the newspaper men at
the St. Charles Hotel, read to them as
follows :
Th« Anthracite Mine-Workers of Pennsyl
vania : The executive committees of the an
thracite cine-workers who were delegated by
the Shamokin convention to represent you in
th» negotiations with the railroad presidents
and mine operators for the purpose of obtain
ing increased wages, shorter hours and better
conditions cf employment have exhausted all
peaceable, conciliatory and honorable mean*
at their command and have failed to secure
any concessions of a tangible nature, and while
under the resolutions adopted by the Shamo
kin convention authority was vested In the
executive committees, 6hould they fail In the
negotiations, to inaugurate a strike at what
ever tlmo in their Judgment held out the
greatest premise of success, the committees,
efter three days' serious deliberation, feel
that In Justice to the anthracite mine-workers,
and those dependent upon them, before a gen
eral strike Is Inaugurated the question should
further be considered by a delegate convention,
in which representatives from the various lo
cal unions shall be fully, instructed by their
conrtituents and prepared to vote In favor of
or in opposition to complete cessation of work.
In the meantime all persons employed In or
around th« coileries. stripping*, washeries and
breakers are instructed to temporarily ab
stain from working, beginning Monday. May
12. and continuing thereafter until a final de
clElon is reached by a delegate convention,
which will convene Wednesday morning. May
J4. et Hazelton. Pa. The basis of representa
tion In this convention shall be one vote -for
es.ch 100 members and one vote for each addi
tional 100 members or majority fraction there
of. The executive committees recommend that
special meetings of all local unions be held
on Monday afternoon. May 12, for the purpose
of selecting delegates and considering the
question involved.
While the committee meeting, was on
tills afternoon. President Mitchell was
summoned to answer a long distance tele
phone message. He was gone for half
an hour. Reports had It that he was in
communication with Senator Hanna. He
refused to say whether or not this was
so.
NEW YORK. May 9.— At the office of J.
P. Morgan & Co. the report that a direct
appeal for a settlement of the differences
between the miners and operators had
been made to Morgan was denied. It was
added that no communication had been
received from Mitchell.
One Funeral for Brothers.
NEW YORK, May 9.— There was a meet-
Ing of the relatives of Paul Leicester
Ford and Malcolm W. Pord to-day, at
which E. H. Kidder, Mrs. Paul Ford's
fath-r; Roswell Steele, Worthington Ford
and a sister w«re present. Later Worth
lnerton Ford said there would be but one
funeral, and that the service would be
conducted by Bish«p Burgess of Long
Island, formerly rector of Grace Church,
Ercoklyn,- assisted by the Rev. Dr. Stires,
rector of St. Thomas Church, New York.
Immediately after the service the bodies
will be taken to Irvington-on-Hudson for
Interment.
Noted French. People Coming.
PARIS, May 9.— The French Line
Bteamer La Touralne, which is to sail
from Havre to-morrow, will have among
her passengers the Count and Countess
de Rochanxbeau, M. Robert Billy, a mem
ber of the Bureau of Foreign Ministry,
and other civilians belonging to the Ro
chambeau Mission, including M. la Grave,
who is also commissioner to the St. Louis
Exposition.
James Findlayson was about 68 years
of age. His estate is J valued at about
$205,000. ' "Countess" Ingargolio of 905
Eddy street,' San Francisco, ia known to
have taken great interest in Findlayson,
and it was said she was his niece and only
relative. Yesterday, however. Judge An
gellotti of the Superior Court of this coun
ty received a letter from Mrs. Mary Wenk
of West Berkeley stating that she was a
niece and that her mother was Mrs. Wil
liam Patterson of Pleasanton. Findlayson.
she said, had other relatives living-, a
brother. Angus Findlayson. and a sister,
Mrs. Alexander McKinnon. the latter re
siding in St. Louis. Findlayson was a
Scotchman by birth, but spent the early
years of his life in Canada.
"I applied for letters of guardianship be
cause I had reason to believe that . the
property of my old friend Findlayson was
in danger of encroachment by impostors.
Now that he Is dead no. further action will
be taken by me." ~
George Raum, who on Saturday applied
for letters of guardianship Over the person
and property of James Findlayson, said
to-nig-ht:
Coroner Eden has set to-morrow, . at 10
a....m. as 'the time for -holding* the -. post
mortem examination. The Public Admin
istrator will apply, in the Superior Court
for temporary letters of administration;
BAtUM WILL NOT INTERFERE.
Attorney Barry left the hotel much ex
cited and sought the intervention of Su
perior Judge Angellotti. He was informed
by Judge Angellotti that the latter had
no jurisdiction and Barry returned to the
caravansary. ¦ -.1 . . j :
During this time Mrs. Patterson had
been notified /by the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company in San Francis
co that, it had been advised of the death of
Findlayson. She was told to come over im
mediately to the company's office, as- the
will other brother. was there. Mrs. Patter
son left on the 3:40, train for. Saa'Fxan
clsco. Attorney- Barry 'and "Countess"
Ingargolio being fellow passengers.'. ..
Coroner Eden was notified and respond
ed quickly. While he was preparing the
body for removal to the Morgue both the
"Countess" and her attorney made vigor
ous objection to the proceedings. The
"Countess" demanded the keys of the
wardrobe from the maid in attendance,
only to learn that the keys and Findley
son's other effects had already been taken
possession of by the Public Administrator.
Both Miss Ingargollo and her attorney
became much incensed at the quick action
taken and expressed themselves forcibly.
Mrs. Patterson concurred in the desire to
have the body of her brother remain in
his apartments in-. the hotel for the pres
ent, but. to no avail.
COBONEB. TAKES CHAKGE.
Findlayson died this afternoon. Colonel
A. C. Barry and "Countess" Ingargolio
came over from San Francisco early this
morning and were in the hotel when the
capitalist breathed his last. Mrs. William
Patterson, the sister of Findlayson, ar
rived from Pleasanton before the end
came. Findlayson sank rapidly this morn
ing and the attending physicians, Drs.
Howitt of this city and De Vecchl of San
Francisco, were summoned to his bedside.
At 1:25 o'clock they pronounced the in
valid dead. Dr. Howitt refused to sign
the death certificate until the exact cause
of the capitalist's demise was ascertained
by an autopsy. In this Dr. De Vecchi con
curred.
SAN RAFAEL, JUay 9.— Millionaire
James Findlayson, who has been uiicon
scious In the Hotel Rafael for several
weeks, is dead. - The attending physicians
refused to sign the death certificate until
a post-mortem examination was made.
The Coroner has taken possession of the
body and had it "conveyed to the Morgue.
The Public Administrator has stepped In
and taken charge of all papers and effects
in the apartments of the dead capitalist
and to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock he
will apply for special letters of temporary
administration.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
To-morrow the defense will rest, after
having called Miss Florence Sllva and
Adolph Sllva, the defendants in the ac
tion.
Mr. Oelrichs was not questioned further.
William W. Campbell testified that Har
vey had said to him on the ferry-boat
Sausalito, on or • about fne 15th of last
October, that he had put Silva on hia
feet: that he had put. him in the electric
light business: that he had put him In on
the Fair will case and that Silva was un
grateful. Campbell was vigorously cross
examined.
A. — I was not.
Q. — Did you authorize any money to be paid
Harvey for SUva?
A.— No.
Q. — Mr. Oelrichs, were you not present at
a meeting between Mr. Fair and Silva when
the matter of paying money to Mr. Sllva for
services was discussed? ,
The first witness of the afternoon ' ses
sion was Herman Oelrichs. Mr. Oelrichs
testified that he knew Harvey: that he
did not know Silva, but had read about
him and had seen him in Judge Troutt's
court. Attorney Meldon asked:
OELRICHS ON THE STAND.
"Harvey told me," said Creed, "that he
gave Sllva $4000, but gave me no reason
for doing so and never said anything
about the electric light plant."
In cross-examination Creed testified:
I have no love for Sllva and I did in con
versation make the assertion that if I was a
younger . man and thought I could get away I
would shoot Silva. I also stated while in con
versation that while acting as Silva' s body
guard if any one shot him I would claim it
was self-defense. >'.-',-
John Creed, constable of Sausalito, tes
tified to having had a conversation with
Harvey in which the latter said that Sllva
had received from him and other sources
more than $25,000. and that he had him
self paid Silva. since the Legislature met,
more than $7000.
"We want to show," said Attorney Mel
don, "that Joseph Harvey and Adolph
Silva visited the vaults on a certain date
and that a certain transaction was con
summated at that time and that Adolph
Silva was paid by Harvey the sum of
$20,000 oh that day, and further weideslre
to show that Harvey said to Sllva, T[ have
$20,000 more to be paid on completion of
the work.' "
Judge Angellotti would not let the ques
tions as- presented be recorded and^-Sharp
was excused.
A. C. Sharp was the next witness called.
He said he was custodian of the safe de
posit boxes of the "Western National Bank
at 805 Market street, San ! FrancIsco.V He
held that position In April, 1900, and he
had airecord of every person visiting the
place. Sharp was asked whether he could
tell who had deposit boxes in 1900, but the
question was vigorously objected to and
ruled out. \
Mr. Fair was asked no questions on
cross-examination.
QUESTIONS STRICKEN" OUT.
An objection was sustained. ¦
"May it please the court," said Attor
ney Meldon; "we desire to show that
about April 12, 1900, there was .paid to
Joseph Harvey for Adolph Sllva $40,000."
Q. — Mr. Fair, do you remember* about the
17th of April, In your office in the Patron
building, a certain conversation with Mr. Silva
wherein you said that upon your arrival in
New Tork you would send an order to George
A. Knight for money to be paid to Adolph
SUva?
An objection was sustained.
Q. — Did you not at your office on the 17th
of April say you would telegraph an order to
pay money to Joe Harvey?
An objection was sustained.
Q. — Well, did you not on April 26. 1900. from
New Tork, send a telegram to Joe Harvey say
ing the money had been sent?
. An objection was sustained.
A. — I can't recollect. '
IJEVER TALKED WITH SILVA.
Q— 'Do you recollect & certain conversation
on April 17, 1900. in your office In the Parrott
building?
A. — No, I never had any conversation 'In my
life with Mr. Silva except "Good day" or
something of that sort.
Q. — Mr. Fair, did you not on the 26th of
April. 1900, from New Tork, send to any one
In connection with the Fair estate a tele
graphic order for a sum of money — about $30,
000 or $40,000?
A. — No.';'" . :'V' ¦'•/:--•-. :.r>' :
Q. — Did you not or any one else -at your in
stigation . on April 26, 1900. deposit any sum
of money to be paid to Adolph Sllva?
Q. — Well, then, how long after appearing
belore the Grand Jury. Mr. Fair, did you leave
San Francisco? ¦
A. — I cannot say.
Q.— Mr. Fair, you remember the date in 1900
that a petition for an allowance for Mrs. Net
tle R. Craven, as the wife of your father was
flled, do you not?
A. — No; there were so many of those cases
that I don't remember.
Q. — Well, you remember when you were be
fore the Grand Jury, do you not?
A. — Don't remember.
Q. — Well, then, where were you between the
15th and SOth of April, 1900?
A. — I .cannot 6ay. •
Q— Were you in New York on the 26th of
April, 1900?
A. — I cannot say.
Q. — Where were you at the commencement
of the Craven trial ?
A. — I was probably in San Francisco, • New
Tork or Europe.
Q. — When did you leave San Francisco?
A. — I don't remember.
Q. — Did you not leave San Francisco on
April 18, 1900?
Charles L. Fair was the first- witness
called to-day. After he had testified that
he had known Joseph Harvey for the
past fifteen years and Silva for four or
five years, Attorney Mqldon asked him:
SAN RAFAEL, May 9.— Charles L.
Fafr and Herman Oelrichs were on the
.witness stand to-day during the trial of
the suit brought by Joseph Harvey
against Adolph Sllva for one-half Interest
In the Sausalito electric light plant. They
¦were called by the defense, which endea
vored to prove by them that the $4000 paid
by Harvey to Sllva, with which the latter
bought the interest in the electric plant,
was part of the sum due the Sausalito
politician for his services during Mrs.
Craven's contest of the will of tne late
Senator Fair. Some pointed questions
were asked Messrs. Fair and Oelrichs.
but they yielded little material of aid to
the defense, as the gentlemen entered
emphatic denials of every intimation that
they had had aught to dp with Silva at
any time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Eoth. Gentlemen Insist That He Re
ceived Neither Coin Nor the
* Promise of It on Their
Authorization.
Operators Befuse to Grant Conces
sions and the Unions Are Directed
to Cease Labors in the
Anthracite Eegions. ' .
"Countess" Ingargolia and Her At
torney Hake Vigorous but Futile
Protest Against This
Procedure.
Sausalito Politician Pails to
Profit by Their Tes
timony.
Convention of Delegates to
Decide on Final
Action.
Marin Official . Takes Posses
sion- of Dead Man's Be
longings.
Charles ' L. Fair and
Herman Oelrichs on
the Stand.
Capitalist Passes Away
and Coroner Will
Investigate.
Pennsylvania Coal Min
ers Will Quit Their
Work.
%
ORDERS GO
FORTH FOR
BIG STRIKE
FINDLAYSON
UNCONSCIOUS
UNTIL DEATH
DENY STORY
OF DEALINGS
WITH SILVA
THE SAN ; FRANCE S€^C^ 1902^
¦ ¦ : ¦'¦.¦ : : ¦:¦¦¦¦.¦¦. ¦ ¦¦' ¦ ¦¦¦..•:¦: ¦ -¦=¦; . ¦ • •¦ -v.v -.:¦¦¦¦- ¦ y^m± •.;'¦ *~- : ¦ '¦•.-¦¦ - ¦¦ ;. ¦ ¦ k
Tourist Members " of San Francisco s Gomrrtercial -Bodies Are Shoy^n
Through the Oil District,- View ; a Picturesque Carnival Pa
geant and ¦ Are the Guests of Honor at) a Public Reception
BAKERSFIELD GIVES WELCOME
TO BAY CITY BUSINESS MEN
filled the entire day San Fran
cisco was given prominence. While the
business significance of the visit of the
San Franciscans to their fellow business
men in Bakersfield was not overlooked,
the spirit of cordiality was^ so sincere
that the guests Jfeit at home at once. .
BAKERSFIELD, May 9.—Bakers
j field and : San . Francisco*.frater
nized royally to-day.. In the sev
eral interesting events which
3
DR. PIERRE'S REMIEDHES.
Can work havoc frith human happiness.
It can change the cheerful philanthropist
into a morose misanthrope and the opti-
mist into a pronounced pessimist. The
liver has a great deal to do with the
;^^ removal of the
jraBSfigSHf^^ suffer by reason of
\j4*^fev.^yy**~^ promptly respond
to the action of Dr.
and cures diseases
fHH G^ Mr - Edward Jacobs.
BRKJa W&A of llarcngo, Crawford
V^CT ft?3 Co - I^diaua, writes :
' trouble and malaria I
-^§*S* ever getting: stout
tfg^S^j^J *•-¦> ag'ain, and the last
s =^^—^ chance was to trv vour
medicine. I had tried ell the home doctors
8 nd received but little relief. After taking; three
bottles of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery -
and one %-ial of his ' Pleasant Pellets,' I am stont
end hearty. It is due entirely to yonr wonderful
m cdidnes. w
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little mere
profit paid by the sale of less meritorious
medicines. He gains: you lose. There-'
fore, accept no substitute for n Golden
Medical Discovery." 'V
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets assist the
action of the "Discovery." They are
easy to take, agree with the weakest
constitution, and do not beget the pill
habit.
TWENTIETH CENTURY CODKBOOKS
A car-load; of 3 Cook Book*
.lias jant arrived from Chicago >
•; and^tbey are^ready'for dlntrl- S
i;l»iitlon nt'.the linalncmi offlm.
Vof itliis" paper. : ;A1I Call sab'- ;
!'scribera are entitled to n copy^ j
V of . tlils A great ,. Cook Book/, at '¦
¦":' the Vpremlum ;, price ' of ¦; fifty ;:
.'"cents..-. - ' > ¦;, . ;. . '•",¦, ¦ ¦. '.'¦ '¦ '•^"-.'; ¦¦; ;
'"¦;¦,-¦ An additional charge of .20 '.'¦{
f. cents." to pay exprennajte I- f
¦"/.be • req.nlred from bat of ' town , i
¦ubserlberR ordering br mail.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOTJITD. .
A BOSTON LADY
Is ¦ HJaryelonsly Restored - to
Paine's Celery Compound
Was Her Deliverer Prom Nervous
Prostration, Insomnia, Mental
Depression, and Weakness
of Her Digestive
¦
A Special Message of Com-
fort for Sick and De-
spondent Women.
Mrs. F. I*. Bernhardt. 382 . Newbury
street. Boston, Mass., found herself In
an extremely perilous condition of health 1
after a surgical operation. Her touching
story, written for the benefit of other
sufferers, Is as follows:'
"It Is with a feeling of extreme grati-
tude and thankfulness and a humane de-
sire to benefit others that I write out my
own experience in the use of Professor
Edward E. Phelps' wonderful preparation,
called Paine's Celery Compound. Owing
to a fall from a horse several years ago
I became a nervous Invalid, and last year ,
I entered a hospital where I was operated
upon by a famous New York surgeon. N
"The surgical operation was successful,
but nervous prostration followed. A sum-
mer in Newport with the best medical at-
tendance failed to restore my nerves to
their normal condition. I was absolutely
unable to digest any solid food, and this
weak condition of my digestive organs,
combined with Insomnia, caused the deep- .
est depression. A constant tenderness and
soreness In the region .of my stomach
with a dull headache and extreme weak-
ness created a feeling of helplessness from
which I was unable to rise.
"It was in* this melancholy frame of
mind that I chanced to meet a Boston
lawyer, who said to me: 'I was in almost
the condition that you are now In, and
after spending hundreds of dollars with-
out receiving any benefit; "I was induced
by a friend to give Paine's Celery Com-
pound a trial, which I did. and it cured
me completely when everything else had
failed.'
"I was rather skeptical about -trying
! a patent medicine, but I ordered a bottle
from my druggist and began to take It
according to directions. Much to my sur-
i prise I slept soundly at. night and did not
awake in the morning with the usual
dull headache. Then, too, I developed an
appetite for solid food, and soon I was
able to digest a course dinner without
any unpleasant sensations. I am now
completely restored to health after about
; two months* use of the Compound..
"Sympathizing with, all who may be suf-
fering as I did. I take this method of
reaching strangers, after /writing personal
letters to my particular friends.. :¦;. -.-_.;,-;
DIAMOND I>YES. The only pure and un.
. adnlterated. Never crock! Never fade*.
f r -J«#?2S2i^ '" "WEAKNESS'
dm&^^i WEAKNESS.
fi?££3 J I have fully es-
HfiSSy >^5WS3 tabliahed my claim
W»e§& z&S Sx that so - called
•Bf'fcoTa ¦v r \ I " -weakness " i s
l\ U B <^2| - merely a symptom
•H^lV m Jtfc*^- J of prostatic In-
1 flammatlon curable
i cnly by P r °p* r l0 -
iS. cal treatment. I
J^*- '^rwiw seldom find a case
y\ I I \^ In which there la
/ A I J\ the slightest need
/ P^. I Jj \ l of tonic remedies.
/ P'O^Sf \ 1 M ? treatment Is
/ V^A Wl . >r* orltrlnal. thoroughly
\ vwL I yclentlflc and su-
**tor premely effective,
O. C. JOSLEX M. D., and the cures I ac-
The Leading Specialist, complish are ah-
I » solutely permanent.
LIVE ALL YOUR YEARS A MAN.
My pamphlet bearing the above title will
be mailed free upon application. It Is an
Interesting and Instructive treatise upon
"Weakness," Varicocele. Contracted Dis-
orders. Specific Blood Poison, Stricture, etc.
Consultation free at office or by mail.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1O49 Market Street,
Diagonally . Opposite Hlbemia Bank.
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
J^USEUH OF flHaTOHYf
P 1^^2217 :i.i«t.8:i*;ti,S.r.Cil. i
\ Cf " J he L»ri;e5t Anatomical Muuui in the \
§ *S%5*^ World - ««kne»« or any cootnctetl A
«. SS*W i««t »«*"'"'r«'^l>jtli e ol ( ieit f
O SsS, « I i'P^aafiit on ibe Coast. Est. 30 years. (£
A §ZJ$*i DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
y f ffijTp)n Consultation free and stiirtly prlTite. \
9 I >*<t n Troatment p««on»lly or by l-tt.». A A
f fl W VI Pj JTmnllwt Curt ia every case undertaken. Y ¦
a ? )7 H • w,i. e for Book. raiLovorav «r A
" * II II" MIHIUASE, MAIL3O FltaS. (XT
X Q y. valuable bMk for mm) \
r OR JOnDAN«tCO.. 1051 JfarfcPtSt.S.F. 9
0B| CHICHESTIB'8 CNQUSM
Pennyroyal pills
H ,~<?«**V _ __ Wrl«Jn«l and Only C««alu«.
T?i *^» *n pa^nrmM !*nb.tittrtl<M« *uk lilt*.
I 5£ » SS'C^t Tf?l ni1 ?'^ TmtlmmStiSm ¦
** at EIff w Ij * i»mi-po!ioao»»
J^fflPH^lA remedy for Uonorrhoen.
SJ 8 **' Sp«rm»torrh(»a.
J&SS&r CURES >ffi| Whites, annatnrftl dis-
in I to 5 dar*. W ch»rc"«, or any lnflamm*.-
ingijf Oaar»nt«tl t» m tion, irritation or olc»ra-
1T> «q Pr»t«at caanim. tioa of due oat mem-
|!^A ,„,,,.„_ . *tjv*k3 S 01 ** b T DTBrgt«t»,
rattC"»CM«Tl,0.Wrai or fent la pUia wr.py,^
U. a. A. Jtii by express, prepaid, for
lilff¥l[l»] ¦lllVW I'- 00 . <> r 3 bottle*. 12.75.
•^^^^^v^a Circular tent oa rsquwt.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
» .. on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON/
J- C-TVILSON & O*. Telephon/Suia 1SS4.
;• . FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
liC DAVUC * Cft Shlppin* Butchers. 194 -
:AJ' CUlti C tU Clay. Tel. Uaia 12SM.
OILS.
LUBRICATIKG OIL& LEONARD A KMJ3.
418 Front «t.. S. F. Phone Mala til*.
PRINT INO.
£. C- BUQHES- en saS^^rt!. a r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE H1CKS-JCDD CO..
- . ,. .23 Flrvt «tr»*t. Saa Fr»neiM^
Weekly Calli $1 per Year
With the uhmis-W^SPcp
t a k a b 1 e; high-*? I \S-)
• cla*ss .look, and • ,;, / a'i .
¦ ¦ • ¦¦¦¦•• _.- . "'-¦ . •'. l i\ •
the proper s \vear- : Ij'ij | ; U'
ing qualities, are jj '¦»* |\ ¦
the sort we make \ »'|'A V
to order for- \^J £§>%
$l;00 a Week,
Anid you: may wear it while- pay-
ing for it.- %>;;
l28EHisSt.AboveP(meH
S?.n Frnncl»C(i. '
* * "-* \j ill ¦ wi^lltii ¦¦ Imr - -.-2. ¦¦¦The Garden City Wheelmen have a
strong team. They will be represented
on the last relay, from San Leandro into
The first riders will be started from
Larkin and McAllister streets at 9 a. m.,
and from that time until the race is fin
ished, about 1:40 p. m. at Park street,
Alameda, there wyi be a wild scurrying
over the hundred-mile course. The roads
are reported in good condition and fa«t
time is expected. The route lies through
San Bruno, San Mateo, Palo Alto, San
Jose. Warm Springs. Centerville. San
Leandro and Alameda. • - . '
to be run to-morrow have been com
pleted by Chairman M. C. Rambo and his
associates on the racing committee.
ARRANGEMENTS for the handling
of the tenth annual relay race of
California Associated' Cycling Clubs
Fastest Riders on the Coast
Are Entered for the Cup
Competition To-Morrow
Tenth $ Renewal of Cycling
Event Promises ; a Close
. Finish Among the Teams
FIVE CLUBS
IN ANNUAL
RELAY RACE
Last Sunday's race wa3 on an ebb
tide, and so wa3 accomplished In a
shorter time than to-morrow's trial of
This will take place over the Corin
thian regatta course, the start being from
Meiggs wharf at 12:30 p. m. As the- tide
will be flooding all morning and up to
3.30 in the afternoon, the race will t:jte
place wholly on a flood tide.
clubs. Some of the members of the
latter club will cruise to Paradise Cove
this • evening, returning to-morrow in
time to witness the second trial of speed
between Frank Stone's Presto and Fred
Russ Cook's Harpoon. » . -.
T JO-DAY and to-morrow . are open on
?the programmes of the San Fran
cisco and - the Corinthian Yaca.t
Battle for Perpetual Cup
Gives Progiise'of Exciting
Unusual Interest Here
If the Latter Repeats Her
Victory She Will Be Se
lected as the Defender
PRESTO MEETS
HARPOON IN
ANOTHER RACE
CRACK RACING CYCLISTS WILL SOON MEET IN FAMOUS COMPETITION
THE SAN FiRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
1 ; '--'. •.-..- \^:- --.- .¦-¦••¦- '¦¦': <.:¦¦¦;-.,/¦' «;..v-;.'--Vi '-' r\* ¦ ' ¦¦¦ ....-¦...¦- \. '..,,... - .' .
RELAY TEAM AND CAPTAIN OF BAY CITY WHEELMEN, WINNERS OF THE ELDRIDGE CUP RACE, AND j
ENTERED IN -THE RELAY RACE WHICH WILL BE CONTESTED TO-MORROW OVER THE HUNDRED
MILE COURSE BETWEEN THIS CITY, SAN JOSE AND ALAMEDA. . . ' - I')
' ; 'A .: varied : and . select . line of cameras
and photographic supplies at Sanborn
Vail &Co.'s,. 741 Market street., • '
No match is set down in the schedule
for to-morrow, but there will be a prac
tice on the ground at Webster street.
Alameda. On Sunday,. the 17th inst., the
Alameda and Pacific elevens will meet
for the .-second time.
building at ,a cost of $1533. Two classes
of permits, one . entitling the holder to
take - lessons In . golf and the other per
mitting v. him to play, are issued. Th»
player s permit is an annual one.
Though the Pacific cricket team won
the opening match of the season last
Sunday, the Alameda eleven might have
been got out for far fewer runs, as some
of their batsmen had their stay at the
wickets considerably prolonged by the
lax fielding and poor catching of the Pa
cific men. C. P. Coles, though he did
not make many runs, played a useful ta
nlngs, for the Pacific, while F. Bennlen
ana C. M. Starrs, by making a few runs
at a critical moment, saved •„ the match
for tho Pacifies.
The California Cricket Association will
have two prizes to award at the close of
the present season. Captain Jt>hn Met
calfe and Vice President T. W. Beakbana
having promised to present a bat apiece.
The conditions on which' these two prizes
shall be awarded will be- decided at a
meeting of the California Cricket Asso
ciation, to be held in the "office of Messrs.
Brown. 303 California, street, at 4:30 next
Tuesday afternoon. The pennant won
last year by the Alameda .Cricket Club,
which had the highest percentage in test
matches, will be awarded at the same
time. -
CRICKET SEASON STARTS 1
WITH BRIGHT PROSPECTS
Cancels Marriage License.
The marriage- Heinle of JVito Silvestro
and Maria Cirella, \byth '.at 750 Green ;
street, whjch;was ; taken put bn. Thursday
last, was returned yesterday, by A. Cir-'
ella, father of the prospective bride-
Ciretla stated -thtrt Silvestro" had "sworn
falsely . that , the girl is 18 years, of age,
when in fact she is only 15. Silvestro was
accompanied' by Giuseppe -Deiuca, who
vouched for .'the truth ••- of .the .father's
statements. Cirella said that' he would not
proceed a gainst Silvestro for. perjury, but
he simply desired to have the license can
celed, which 'was done. i^.
Beccrd Prices for Thoroughbreds.
Spectre is favorite for the Coronation
Derby; -which great .event Mr. Vanderbilt
aspires to win.
The recent announcement from England
that W. K. Vanderbllt had offered "Bob"
Silver $200,000 for his three-year-old filly
Spectre recalls other . record prices paid
for thoroughbreds. Flying Fox. sold for
f 200,000, Ormonde $150,000, St. Blaise-$100,
000, The Bard $70,000, Doncaster $70,000,
Blair Athol $62,500. Friar's Balsam $50,000,
Isonomy $45,000, Galopin $40,000, Tourna
ment $33,500, Bonnie Scotland $30,000.
Wright Leaves Cleveland - Team.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 9.— Pitcher
Clarentie. ,E. . Wright pf the ¦ Cleveland
American League Club is said to have
followed the. example of "Dummy" Tay
lor and jumped the local team to join
the Brooklyn National League Club to
day at Pittsburg. Wright signed con
tracts with both Cleveland and Brooklyn
for the present season.:. -.,.-.
Mrs. Flood Is Acquitted.
The case of /Mrs. .'Cecilia Flood of 402
Jones street, ,wha,'waa. arrested by Officer
McMurray of the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty of Children on
a charge of cruelty to her boy, Bruce
Flood, was acquitted before Judge Fritz
yesterday. Three witnesses testified they
had eeen the defendant under the in
fluence of liquor, but could not. testify as
to any case of cruelty. Judge Fritz dis
missed the case owing to the- insufficiency
of the evidence and -added that there was
nothing to show conspiracy. '• ¦ ..' :••
WB. HINCHMAN, president of the
Pacific Association of the Ama-
I ± teur Athletic Union, has re
ceived a letter from Louis H.
Frankenheimer, president of the Stockton
Athletic " Association, stating that the
board of directors met on May 4 and ex
pressed a unanimous desire to send a
four-oared barge crew arid a single sculler
to the annual regatta on Lake Merritt.
A single sculler will certainly be sent by
the Stockton association, but the barge
crew will be required to demonstrate by
their regular training and practice that
they will worthily represent-the slough
oarsmen. • If the crew sticks to its work
and shows it can row it will take part
in the Oakland races.
Two barge crews of the Ariel Rowing
Club will begin to practice as soon as
they can find a place from whieb'to train.
These are the intermediate and the junior
crews. The Intermediate crew consists of
Charles Wilson, bow; E. J. Lynch, No.
2; E. Smith. No. 3 and William Keegan.
stroke. Of the foregoing Keegan was
stroke of the champion junior barge crew
at the Lake Merritt regatta and E. L.
Smith rowed No. 2 in the same boat. E.
J. Lynch and E. Smith are intermediate,
oarsmen. The junior crew ; is made ' up
of E. Bryant, bow; Mat Brady.- No. 2;
William McKee, No. 3, and Henry Luhr
sen, stroke. : ,
The Alameda Boating Club has decided
to hold the opening regatta of the season
on Oakland Creek on May 18. The senior
barge crew will be made up of George
Lewis, bow; W. G. Hanson, No. .2; John
Lewis, No. 3, F. W. Ayers, stroke and
Bert Cameron, cockswain.
It is probable the James Bay Rowing
Club of. Victoria, B. C, will send four
oared shell and barge crews to tne Lake
Merrltt regatta. . The Portland Rowing
Club will also send a four-oared shell
crew, and the men composing it will be
willing to row in a Callfornlan barge as
well. If these northern • visitors and the
Stockton crew come to the regatta, that
event will surpass in interest any rowing
races ever held in the State. .
During the week Theodore Gier, chair
man of the celebration committee of the
Oakland Merchants' Exchange, met rep
resentatives from the various rowing
clubs. One -thousand dollars willbe.set
aside for the regatta, to pay the trans
portation ,and other expenses of the oars
men from* the north and | to prpvide prizes
for the successful contestants. ' /
Several ladles visited the Olympic Club
boathouse .at . Belvedere last Sunday and
were taken out for trips in around
the cove and up the bay toward Paradise
Cove. S. J. Pembroke pulled up as far
as El Campo In an outrigged skiff, and
Paddock, Scott. Horrlgan and James were
also out in skiffs. John T. Barrs will take
the place of Scott in the barge crew, as
the latter cannot train regularly. Prizes
for the members of the winning " barge
crew have been, presented by Charles
Brandenstein. S.' J. Pembroke, Kenneth
Melrose, C. W.Dobie- and George James.
The Triton Club's boathouse is occupy
ing its new site on North Beach at- the
foot of Larkin street.
At the last meeting of the South End
Rowing Club it was decided to prevent
members who are In arrears In their dues
from using the boathouse and other.-club
property, and to permit the racing barge
South End. to be taken out only by a reg
ularly organized crew.? and when . the two
practice barges are already. In use. Jamea
P. Poley was' elected temporary /financial
secretary during the absence of v Charles
Jenkins, who has started ¦< on his trip to
England. A. J. Mellitz has resigned, as
a delegate to the Pacific Association, and
T. I. Fitzpatrick has been chosen in hid
place. Captain J. E. Scully. intends to
pull, in the shell 'race at the Lake-Merrltt
regatta. "J. Walsh will probably have, a
Jimmy Hannivan is doing brilliant work
for the Angels, both in the field and with
the, club. Hannivan bats equally well
from either side, so the numerous south
paws do not bother him. -
Hodson ls'the only player in the league
who has failed to make a base hit. Hod
son was never rated as a slugger, • but
heoughttto get in and make a hit just
for luck. . J
new shell built.- Several men are practic
ing in the outrlgged skiffs.- among them
T eIl Jf. Jfi mes Pallas - E - Wolf . E - Cashman,
w OBrlen- Robert McArthur and J.
Wal3 . n - -A- South End barge crew, made
t P t?*w B ; Pa UT as> bow: S - Berger, No. 2;
ViiSlI °i ey> No^ 3: ' J - Lyons, stroke, and
Albert Sonnenberg, cockswain, rowed
around to North Beach to the Dolphin re
gatta on Sunday. ,. Another crew that
went out for : practice was comDosed of
£r B o rry T ' b ow; E. Wolf, No. 2; E. Moore,
No. 3; J. B. Scully, " stroke, and Albert
Sohnenberg, cockswain. '
Householder has established a record
with three doubles in one game. Truck
Eagan did it in one of the closing game.)
last season.
..In last Wednesday's game at Oakland,
only nine hits were made by both teams.
Five-*- of these were two-baggers. Oak
landvsecured but four hits, of which
three were doubles. " •
If the crowds continue to increase on
the other side of the bay," the Oakland
grounds will not be able to meet the de
mand. Since the commuters have devel
open a winning streak. Oakland has be
come a great ball town. ¦ ¦¦ ,
JVtohler's feat of stealing second while
the pitcher held the ball seems incredi
ble, but the little fellow has a knack of
sliding under a baseman in such a way
as to make it nearly" impossible to. put
the ball on him.
Oakland ' has only captured one game
on the home grounds. Thi3 seems rather
strange for a team that Is leading the
league. . - • , ¦ . • • \ ¦
It may not be generally known, but
Rube Waddell can go some with his
,dukes. While in Los Angeles he does
boxing stunts with Jeffries. Rube has a
stiff punch and a block that is said to be
a wonder.
Hulen has not yet transformed Sacra
mento Into a pennant ¦winning team. Now
that Hickey is gone, Fisher is worse off
than ever.
no doubt perform better than ever.
Hanlon. is still a young man and is 1 re
ally only at the beginning of his baseball
career. -
BILL HANLON is improving steadily
both in batting and fielding. When
he gets into good condition, he "will
¦*„. Fishermen here attribute the" phenom
enon to '; the i pressure ' in the' outer bay of
a" large • school of sea lions; and believe
the smaller i flsh, which are -the natural
prey .of . the sea lions, , have sought safety
in shallow.. water.' : .. ;. ',"
J. A. Pariser, J. Bliss and F. W.Shat
tuck fished the San Antonio, a branch of
Petaluma Creek, ; last Sunday. «| They se
cured six striped bass, the largest weigh
ing five pounds. ¦
' The Fish Commissioners have sent 30U
large mouth *black bass from Slsson
hatchery to Marysvllle. - They are one
year old and will be liberated. In the Sac
ramento . at three . different; points near
MaryBville. These are desirable food and
game flsh, and it Is hoped they will thrive
and multiply.! - : ¦ . % ¦
MONTEREY.' May 9.— The most extraor
dinary run of flsh ever seen in these wat
ters is ; in progress. The waters :- in the
vicinity of the harbor are literally packed
with : sardines, * mackerel and halibut. So
dense is the mass of flsh in the water that
the supply of oxygen was partially ex
hausted #. and ' thousands of « the surf fish
which Inhabit the shallow, water came to
the surface. Men and boys in boats easily
caught large numbers with . their hands
Yesterday the school came so close lnshone
that large .numbers of. the smaller sar
dines and smelt were cast 'upon the beach
by the rollers. :. . . .. .-... .,.,..¦ -,
James Watt and J. B. Kenniff will spend
to-morrow at Point Reyes, going espe
cially prepared for. bass.
Frank Marcus will spend to-morrow and
Monday at Point Reyes. He will divide
his time between the bass and the trout
arid expects a pleasant outing, if not a
full creel. - * :
W. A; Cooper and George Walker
caught thirty small trout near Camp Tay
lor. Charles Kewell secured twelve. "
J: B. Kennlff , Walter Burlingame, E. L.
Goodman, E. W. Currier, James Watt
C. B. Hollywood and A. C. Cunningham
went after bass oh San Leandro Bay last
Sunday. The. bass, must have heard of
their coming, for they, departed for parts
unknown. As "it is not all of fishing to
fish," the gentlemen found other means
of enjoying themselves. . ¦
Frank Vernon took an . eleven-pound
striped bass at the "big fill," two and a
half miles .beyond Point Reyes.
. Charles Huyck and F. M. Haight fished
the Paper. Mill from the White House to
the sand spit last Sunday without much
returns. . ; -¦ .
The near-by streams yielded but poor
wm"2- last ?.V nday - T - Rothschild and
Will .Haas whipped the San Gregorio in
San Mateo County, securing few good
sized fish. They report seeing men with
hundreds of trout from three to four
inches in length. >¦';.>
*r l ™ been stor ming recently on the
McCloud, so there can be but poor fly
fishing there for some time yet.
Conditionson Paper Mill Creek are pe
culiar. ,The fish seem to run In and out,
the stream affording great sport one day
and being apparently devoid of flsh ttie
following day. Those anglers fortunate
to hit upon the right day have enjoyed
great sport.
Some will go to the McCloud, others to
Sims on the* Upper Sacramento," while by
far the greater number will, go to tho
Truckee, which has afforded such great
sport for years. Owing to the unusually
late rains the season is backward, and
good fly fishing is hardly expected on the
big rivers much before the end of the
month. • •
ANGLERS are forward wist
fully to the Decoration day holi
days. This will afford many of
them, .their first day this season on
some favorite trout stream.
Shows to Good Advantage
in Batting , and Fielding
With Practice on the Field
They Are; Locking Wistfully
.Forward to; Decoration
Day on a - Trout Stream
Alameda' Boating Club to
Hold Aquatic Contests
Soon on Oakland Creek
Several local experts will be on hand at
the northern tournament, but if they play
at all will take part in exhibition matches
only. Players residing north of Marin
County only are eligible to play for tha
championship of Northern California.
The following players have entered: In
doubles— Pope and Lumbard and Patter
eon and Drescher of Sacramento; Atkin
son and Nicolaus and Hinsdale and Haw
ley of the East Side Club; Budgett and
Whitney of the Citrus Colony Club; the
Elliott brothers of Lincoln, Toler and
Birdsall of Auburn and the Porter and
Allen brothers of Woodland. In slngle«—
S. E. Pope, Charles Lumbard. A. D. Pat
terson. B. Drescher, F. Buderett H F
Elliott. H. n. Elliott, J. H./roler, E S*
Blrdsall, Frank. Atkinsdn. L. Nicolaus'
Dr. Hawley, Lester Hinsdale, Albert A.'
Allen, F. A. Porter. Ben S. Allen, H. D
Porter and F. S. Craig.
The championship matches will be
played Friday, May 17, in the afternoon.
Entries will close May 11 at 12 o'clock.
The Noack cup was won in 1900 by
Messrs. Elliott and Budgett of the Pen
ryn Tennis Club. Last year, the Wood
land Club, represented by the Porter
brothers, carried off the trophy. \ The cup
must be won three times to become the
property of the victor. The Klune & Flo
berg cup must be- won twice. It was of
fered in 190l,~ and is 'held' by the Sacra
mento Tennis Club, having been won by
Miss Rose Sheehan and Mrs. Moore. The
latter won quite easily last year, but this
year Woodland will send in a team that
¦will make the champions j)lay their best
game to retain their honors.
The championship tournament will com
mence on the 14th 'inst. at 9:30 a. m. The
trophies to be contested for- will be as
follows: Charles J. Noack's' loving- cup
for the winners of the Northern Califor
nia championship, men's doubles; Klune
& Floberg's loving cup for*the winners'
of the Northern California championship,
women's doubles; Street Fair Club's gold
medal for the winner of the championship
of Northern California, men's singles,
and a silver medal for the winner of sec
ond place in the men's* singles.
No tennis tournaments will be played
this week", but two Important ones ara
announced for next week. One is for the
championship of Northern California and
will be held at Sacramento during the
carnival. The other is the singles cham
pionship tournament of. the Academic
League to be held on the Cali
fornia Club courts next Saturday morn
ing. The former event will be the largest
and most important tournament ever
held in that part of the State. It is the
third annual tournament, and all the
smaller cities of the nrtohern part of the
State will be represented. Rivalry be
tween the Penryn, Woodland and Sacra
mento tennis clubs is particularly keen.
uled for Next Week in This City
- and in Sacramento.:
Two Important Meetings Are Sched-
ANGLERS LONG
FOR HOLIDAYS
BARGE CREWS
IN TRAINING
"BILL" HANLON'S
FORM IMPROVES
TEUNTS-PLATEES PEEPAEE
JOB TOTJKNAMENT WORE
Open ftake— Rich Argosy, Lear Kins. Erebus,
"VVhltp Hat. Forest Queen. Full Moon, Little
Jim. Golden Garter. Otto. Fenli. Herschel's
Pride.' Governor- Mac. Fine Fire, Bad Boy, May
Hoir.pstea<t. Argyle. Haphazard. Qrawf ord . Laps,
Miss \Yilsw>n. Aeolus. Honor Bright. Ollta. Ty
ronp Prince. Delia' M. Motto. Fair Oaks, Mose.
Flora McDonald. Bonnie Hughie, Petfonius,
For Glory «nd Sugarcane.
Rtt«rve stake — Pat Freedom, Lady Nell If,
Royalist. Miss Grizzle. Fred Freedom. Yellow
tail. Fiery .Friend and Master Glenwood.
Special- Etake — Narcissus, Palo Alto,' Harlean
Gladys, Sacramento Boy.' Sir Pasha, Homer
Boy, Liberator. Game Boy, Tralee Boy,* Flying-
Fox, Lost Chord, Fontenoy. Jingle Bells.- Rec
tor. America and Rocker.
Three stakes make up this week's card
at Union Park.- The winners look to be:
The seventh annual renewal of the La
dies' Day champion stake • will be run
next month at Union Park.
' The. annual meeting and election of offi
cers of California Coursing Committee
wlll.be held on the 31st inst. On the fol
lowing day the coursing committee
stake, one of the. year's fixtures, will be
decided at Union Park. Quite appropri
ately the stake was won last vear by
President H. A. Deckelman with Sir
Pasha. He beat Palo Alto in the final.-
. . T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee has been
mated with Vlxfen. a sister to Vandal:
.with Rose of Tralee, she by Skyball, and
with Palmyra . by Terrona.
M. C. Delano has registered Consort, a
sister to -Conroy, and .Attinger, a black
dog by Emin Pasha-Real Lassie.
J. 1 Shea has three fine youngsters by
Young America-Mercy May." Two more
of the litter belong to T. Burns of Sacra
mento; who xaised them... Young America
was -one ..of the sensational performers
two' years ago and much is expected, of
his progeny. .. ¦ . ¦
Colusa has a touch of. the coursing
fever, a stake being announced for to
day.
George Shannon continues to capture
first prize each week at Los Angeles. Last
Sunday he sent Chicago Boy through the
stake, War Eagle being runner up and
Wapsee third. Firm Fellow was runner
up In a special -stake.
The warning ¦ sounded by Mr. Delano
should be heeded by the representative
men of the sport who have at interest
the future of the greyhound In America.
A. R. Curtis has sold Candelaria to E.
Wright of Los Angeles. The dog Is by
Skyrocket- Wave, and is a brother" of
Luxor and Young America. • The same
owner has sold War Eagle, by 'Skyrocket -
Vanity Fair; %o J. C. Netz of Los Angele3.
J. L. Ross "has purchased Game . Bird
from Dr. Leonard. This Is a sister- to
Creswick, being by Hexschel's Pride-May
flower. . :- .
T. Jolley has bought Master Whalen
from M. Kolander. *
He holds that California leashmen are
coursing their greyhounds to death before
retiring them to the stud. As a sequence
he claims the stock is deteriorating and,
unless a halt Is called, the greyhounds of
the future will be sadly deficient in sinew
and bone and. i their speed and stamina
must suffer. It is. the ambition -of the
California breeders to devetop a dog
which Will win the English Waterloo. Mr.
Delano thinks this an impossibility under
present conditions. • •¦ •.".• ¦ -
In proof of. his theory -he says there '-are
no young dogs 'cbmirig up which promise
to class with. Beacon, Palo Alto, Narcis
sus. Young America, SIsquoc. -The dams
of these great greyhounds were not se
verely tried on the field. The same ay
plies to the dams of Rosette, Mayflower,
Wild Tralee, Tralee Boy, Wedgewood and
others. : . —
M... .C. DELANO, the ( Rocklin cours
ing man. -who' is a recognized
• authority on . the breeding of
• • greyhounds, has sounded a note
of warning.
No datf; has been set by the tourna
ment committee of the San 'Francisco
Golf Club for the handicap match be
tween class A and class B teams. It is
possible the event will be allowed to fall
through. The handicap tournament open
to the members of any golf club on the
Pacific Coast, which was set down for
Thursday, May 1, will probably be
played at a later date. As a public holi
day is the most convenient day for such
an event, May 30 may be selected.
As the number of golfers on the city
links diminishes, that on the links at
Burlingame, Belmont. San Rafael and
other summer resorts increases. The San
Rafael Golf. Club officials have issued a
schedule providing three or more events
for- every month to the end of Septem
ber. The "best ball" competition was
brought to a conclusion last Saturday, E.
J, Hooper winning the men's prize with
a net score of 82 for 18 holes. W.-J. Ca
sey was second with a net score of 83
Mrs. George Heazelton won the ladles'
trophy with a 1 net score of 63 for 9 holes;
Mrs. E. J. Hooper was second with a net
score of 64. No date has yet been set for
the men's stroke competition, open to all
amateur golfers. On Saturday, May 17,
there will be a handicap stroke competi
tion over 18 holes, beginning at 9:30 a. m.
for women and at 1:30 p. m. for men. On
Decoration day contests will begin for
three awards— the club trophy the
women's cup and the second eight ' prize.
The qualifying rounds will begin at 9:30
a. m. and the eight best scores will com
pete afterward at hole play. The men
who make the next eight best scores will
compete for the second eight prize. At
3:30 in the afternoon of the same das
there will be competition in driving for
men and for women. On May 31 at Sr30
a m., the first round at hole p'lay for
the women s cup will begin, and at 1:30
p. m. the first round, at. hole play, for the
club trophy for the second eight prize
The strongest players among the men of
the San Rafael Golf Club are J. J
Crooks, who is captain tfils year; R Gil
man Brown. R. J. Davis and George Hea
zelton. Mrs. R. Gilman \ Brown retains
her supremacy" among the ladies
Alfred E. Acklom, secretary of the
movement for providing public links for
San Francisco, recently sent communica
tions to tne superintendents of public eolf
courses inN New York. Boston. Chlclgo
and other large cities of the United
States asking for Information with regard
to the cost of laying tfut.a course, of
maintain ng it and providing a clubhouse
Commissioner John . E. Eustls of th» j
borough of Bronx, New York, replies that
the cost of laying out, an eighteen-hole
course was twenty thousand, dollars and
the yearly cost of keeping up the links £
about $7250. The numbef of JermUs to
players issued for the present year un tn
April 24 was .1872. the average nurabe? of
players on week days being 250 and on
Sundays and public holidays about 700
The rules were -arranged by the profes
sional golfer in charge of. the course and
there are no fees to be paid by the play
ers. Ten men are employed In keeping
the course in good condition, the city ap
propriating the money. necessary to Da v
their wages. - . • J vay
"J.- A.. Pettigrew of the
Department of Parks in Boston stated
that the public + links . are In Frank
lin Park where there are two courses
one of. nine holes for i expert players ami
another of six holes ¦foAeginner/ The
nine-hole course was established in th*
fall of. 1896 dnd the six-hole course in the
spring of190L Before Vth&, spring of MOO
the links was under the control I of a pro
fessional golfer, who /wis • allowed to
charge 1» cents a round, or. 25 cents fnr
two rounds, and to take the profits from
the sale. of goir material and of . teaching
beginners. In the spring of 1900 the boarrt
took the control of the links^tato fta Town
hands, giving the* use of the course arrl
of lockers In the clubhouse free, but not
providing clubs or -balls. The nlan has
worked, well. 'During the season of 1900
about 4O.Q0O. rounds were played, as many
as SJo having been played in one day.
During 1901 the courses were in use f o>
seven -and a half months. Five men on
an average were employed, and the main
tenance of the course cost $1500. including
the rolling of .the, putting greens and of
part of the fair green with a' steam roller
The ccst of making, the putting greens
was about fifty: or /sixty, dollars apiece
The teeing grounds are wooden frames
about five) feet by : six . feet, filled with
heavy loam covered with sand. People
of all classes play on the links, some of
them being mechanics and : laborers. The
golfhouse was remodeled from -a shelter
THE schedules of the San Francisco
and the Oakland golf clubs are
nearly played through, though
many members of the clubs will
continue to -practice on- the Presidtor.or
Point Adams links throughout the sum
mer.' ¦'[."' '•'¦=-: /¦¦¦. ••-.- ¦ - ¦ ..¦:¦
Links at Country Resorts
Now Attract Lovers of
ihe 'Popular Scotch Game
Authority on Greyhounds
Says They~ Are Ccursed
. Too Much . or ; th.3. Field
WARNING NOTE
IS SOUNDED
Harpoon had a little the better of : the
start and was 50 seconds ahead on round
ing the Presidio shoal buoy. After the
first run to Blossom Rock buoy Harpoon
was about five minutes ahead.' Harpoon
was steered by Fred Russ Cook. Th«»
crew consisted of F. Meyer, Holt Frost
and her owners, W. H. Toepke and John
Sharp. Presto was sailed by Frank
Stone, who had with him Douglas Er.?
kine. F. E. Schober, George Harrold, J.
Hi Hopps and i L. McLean. The San
Francisco sloop The Challenger was un
der way in the channel, and started to
try her speed against the racers, but the
jaws of her gaff broke and she was com
pelled to retire. Extreme lightness of
rigging is so much sought after by tht*
Eastern and British designers of racing
craft that they are in constant danger
of carrying something away. The fore
stay of The Challenger carried away last
Sunday and she stood some risk of los
ing her mast, but one of her crew, C.
F. Austin, Quickly devised an ingenious
means of taking a halyard out to the for
ward end of the bowsprit and -reeving it
through a block so as to serve as a fore
stay. — ..
The fleet of the California Yacht Club
will cruise to Paradise Cove to-night and
return to-morrow. Next Saturday the
fleets of the San Francisco. Corinthian
and California yatiht clubs will rendez
vous at Vallejo, and on Sunday the San
Francisco yachts will race down to 8a u
sallto, with time allowance. The annual
regatta of the Corinthian Yacht Club
will be held On May 30. and it Is prob
?& n that the race for the Perpetual
Challenge Cup- will take place on Mav 31.
The directors hope to devise a plan
whereby all members may be provided
with at least a small locker for clothes.
and yi ch * owners with more space.
t ? \ h t b? 11 ™ 1 ! meeting of the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association J. C. Cock,
erill and G. T S. White of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club T. J. Kavanaugh, W.
C. Corbett and F. E Schober of the
Corinthian Yacht Club. R R^l^mme
& G - ( B. Edgar and L. I. Gale of the
C £i£ r t n!a Y ??$ l C JL ub ' were Present as
delegates. Orlo Eastwood's report as
R«f «* C1U £ a £ d the v »»ejo Yachting ana
B i££ ? s £ nt tne names of their
delegates, but the Encinal Yacht Club
t£i«, n °™ ye S £ ppollUed its representa-
Va T f«V iTJj? f 2j Io 7 rln F officers were elect
ed for 1902; T. J. Kavanaugh. president:
£™v» .Chapman. . vice president; J. C.
Cockerlll. secretary; G. TV S White
treasurer; T. S. White. G. B. EdgaV
?hf ~V£; + Kavanaugh are the members of
on^Xf»f atta , commi «ee; and the trophy
committee is composed of W. N. Mc-
Carthy,. L. I.. Gale and F. E. Schober
In last Sunday's race Presto pointed
higher than Harpoen, but Harpoon out
footed her. There are, moreover, those
who. say that Harpoon might have won
by a larger margin -had Cook not been
held so long- in the run past Blosson.
Rock buoy, and not stood over so far
toward Point Blunt on the reach after
rounding the Southampton shoal stake
boat.
speed will be. Though the sloop Presto
was beaten last Sunday by the narrow
margin of 17 seconds, Frank Stone ex
pressed himself as quite satisfied with
her performance. The two beats out
against the flood tide along shore aro
considered a severe test of seamanship
and of knowledge of the bay. It had
been intended to hold the second test
race to-day, and the third, if a third
should prove necessary, to-morrow, but
it was found that several of the men in
the crews of the two yachts could not
get away from their work all day on a
Saturday.
The clubs all strive to land their repre
sentative first in San Jose. This is a big:
advantage, as the ride through the Gar
den City is a severe one, owing to the
crowds of spectators on the streets.- .
The fastest time has always been made
over the third and the fifth relays. The
former extends from San Mateo to Menlo
Park and was covered in 23 minutes 6 sec
onds by E. P. Barnes, Garden City Wheel
men, in 1S99.
J. E. Wing, also of the -Garden City
"Wheelmen, holds the record oVer the fifth
relay, from Mountain View to San Jose.
He rode it in 23:30 last year.
The Bay City Wheelmen have taken H.
D. Bean, who was on the substitute list,
and have given him the place t>n the team
occupied by John Kelly.
Alameda, by Lace Downing, the fastest
amateur on the coast. If the other mem'
bers of the team can hold their own
Downing is expected to outfinish the men
against whom he is pitted. There are so
many possibilities of accidents .that- the
outcome cannot be forecasted.
CITY GOLFING
NEARLY ENDED
4
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cook Books i
has Just arrived from Chicago
and they arc ready for distri-
bution at . the business; office
of this paper. All j Call sub- .
scrlbers are entitled to a. copy V
: ot 'this.ffreat \ Coble' Book' at". ¦
, the premium . price of fifty
. cents. '. ; '.. ¦•.¦..'. •¦ ',.
. An! additional charge;of 20
"cents to pay expressasTe will \
Vbereqnlred from out ot town- .
• • subscribers ordering r by'. mail." 'The managers and their staff of assist
ants, to whom credit is due for the .suc
cess of the venture, are ' the following
named: Victor Levy. George Middleton,
Leon Liebes, M. Kohn and Sidney Schles
inger. . >•¦ -.'¦
The second part was made up of a solo
by. Mrs. Charles Middleton, Messrs. Hurst
arfd Myer in a laughable sketch, club
swinging by Harry Schriber, Little Ma
rian Fouratt as a Spanish dancer and a
number of selections by Professor
Graeber's Mandolin Club.
Mr.,- Levlnson was Interlocutor and
Messrs. Stephen Douglas, "Witty" Cole
man, . Ernest Sultan, Walter de Leon,
Morgan Gunst and Frank Morton, were
the funmakers, while Messrs. Ed. Mont
gomery. Ray- Baldwin, Julian Eisenbach
ana Richard Hunt sang the sentimental
songs. v
Minstrelsy is quite.a diversion from the
many studies of a student, but the toys
proved themselves equal to the occasion
and produced a show that evoked
rounds of applause. :
The performance was ushered in by an
Introductory overture by the entire com
pany, consisting of a melange of up-to
date "coon" songs. After the customary
jokes by the end men the usual mln&trel
first part followed.
itable * minstrel ¦ and vaudeville
performance last night in the large audi
torium of the Girls' High" School, for the
purpose of raising a sufficient amount of
money to enable them to meet the debts
incurred; by their football team during
the past season. Judging from the audi
ence, which filled the auditorium to its
capacity, the sum was readily realized.
AFTER weeks of preparation, ' un
der the direction of Stephen
iJouglas, the students of the
.Lowell High School gave a cred-
Continued From Page Two.
PEOPLE OF DOOMED.
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL PU
PILS WHO POSED AS BURNT
CORK ARTISTS. ' "
SACRAMENTO. May 9.— The home
team defeated the San Francisco aggre
gation to-day by a score of 3 to 2. Dow
ling pitched for the Senators, while Glen
don was in the box for the visitors. The
score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen. 2b 2 1 1 0 1 5 O
Doyle, r. f 3 0 1 1 1 0 O
Shechan. 3b 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
Rebsamen, c. I 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 3 10
Kagan. lb 3 1 1 1 12 1 1
Unglaub. «. 8 3 0 1 0 6 3 1
Lagarmasino, L (... 3 0 1 0 0 0 1
Dowllng. P 2 1 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 27 ~3 6 2 27 16 3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shugart. 3b 5 0 0 0 1 3 0
Leahy, c 4 1 2 1 3 1-0
McHale. I. f 4 11 1 4 0 0
Nordyk". lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Holly, a. «.. 4 0 10 14 0
McNichols, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 O 0
Lawler. c. f 4 0 0 0 2 O 0
I>elmas. r. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 O
Glendon. p 3 0 O 0 0 3 .0
Totals 3<$ 2 7 2 24 11 0
Assists in Sending Uncle's Men Down
the Toboggan. /y
SACBAMENTO TEAM WINS.
CHICAGO, May 9. — New" York was shut out
again to-day by St. Vrain's clever pitching.
Evans pitched in poor form. Weather very
cold. Attendance, 600. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago .*. 5 12 1
New York .•••• 0 6 1
Batteries — St. Vrain and Kllng; Evans and
Bowennan. Umpire — Emslle. J"".';-
PITTSBURG, May 9. — Donovan's eight bases
on balls and the thirteen hits scored off his de
livery account for Pittsburg's victory to-day.
Attendance. 2400. Score:
rt. xx* E-
Pittsburg ...12 13 0
Brooklyn 1 8 1
Batteries^ — TannehiU and Smith; • Donovan
and Ahearo. Umpire — CDay.
CINCINNATI, May 9.— Cincinnati was un
able to hit the ball to-day with men on bases.
Willis relieved Malarkey In the ninth. At
tendance, 800. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 10 4
Boston • ¦* 10; :_1
Batteries— Stimmel and Bergen; Malarkey,
Willis and Kittredge. .Umpires — Brown and
Powell. .
ST LOUIS. May 9. — St. Louis succeeded In
giving Philadelphia a second beating: to-day.
Murphy kept the visitors' hits well scattered.
Iburg was batted hard at the right time. At
tendance. 1100. Score: ;-;-...------ .-;-j,- :
. '- . . It. Xi. L.
St. Louis « 10 4
Philadelphia 5 - 10 -
Batteries — Murphy and Ryan; Iburg, Magee
and Doom. Umpire — Cantillicn.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
' Batteries — Mer«er and Buelow; Sudhoff and
Sugden. ! ¦• .- j
PHILADELPHIA, May 9.— McGraw's five
days* suspension ended to-day and Baltimore
celebrated his return by! winning . from the
home club. Kenna was batted freely and the
fielding of the locals was ragged. Attendance,
2533. Score: r r -
Baltimore --13 14 3
Philadelphia 3 8 .-.„ :,4
Batteries— Hughes and Robinson; Kenna and
Powers. •¦•:•:• 7-v, ¦ ...
BOSTON, ' May 9.— Washington outbatted
Boston in to-day's game and won easily. Lee
was steady at critical times, while Dlneen was
batted hard in spots. Attendance. 3000. Score:
• ¦. /. - . : '.-. R. H. E*
Boston 4 _f0
Washington .....'... 5 11 : 0
Batteries — Dlneen, Warner and Crlger; Lee
and Drill.
CLEVELAND. May - 9.— Lundbeam pitched
cood ball until the ninth, when Chicago made
seven singles and six runs, winning the game.
Bradley was benched for kicking. Many errors
were made in consequence of the cold. At
tendance. 1075. Score: : \r_ „
- JU. xi. kj'
Cleveland .8 11 «
Chicago • ...........12 17 5
Batteries — Lundbeam and Bemls; Callahan
and E. McFarland. •
DETROIT. May 9. — Detroit could not hit
Sudhoff when hits meant runs and St. Louis
made it three straight games. Attendance,
a*" score: r. h. e.
Detroit ..• I « 4
St. Louis 3 10 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
IBUB.G IS BATTED HARD
BY THE ST. LOUTS TEAM
The White Star Laundry baseball team
will play the Railway Traffic "team at the
Oakland League grounds at 12:30 o'clock
to-morrow. The Mne-up follows:
White
Traffic Team. Position. Star Laundry.
Jenifer Catcher Ford
Bronson Pitcher ..Bulger or Smith
Bell First base Johnson
Fraser Second base .Coghlan
Spence Shortstop Hannahan
Hall or Wahl Third base..Smith or Bulger
Sctttle Heft field Leland
Slubbs Center field McGrath
Hagy Right field .Nicholson
Amateur Baseball.
Sacrifice hits— Doyle, Hulen. First base on
errors— San Francisco 2. First base on called
balls— Off Dowllns 1. off Glendon 2. Left on
bases — Sacramento 4. San Francisco 0. Struck
out — By Dowling 1. ¦ by Glendon 2.- Hit by
pitcher — Glendon. Wild pitch — Glendon. Time
of came — 1:35. Umpire — McDonald. Scorer- 1 -
Rutherford.
SUMMARY,
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento .. 0 0 100 01 1 x— 3
Base hits 11100021 x— <»
San Francisco 0 0 0 2.0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 10 0 3 10 0 0 2—7
Gibbs displayed the greater cleverness,
but Murphy was aggressive and kept
right after his opponent through all the
going. Several times during the mill a
knock-out seemed imminent, but . the
weakness of the boxers and the clang of
the bell prevented.
Murphy's face bore numerous cuts and
lumps, caused by the impact of Gibb3'
gloves. The colored fighter came through
the battle but little the worse for wear
as far as outward appearances were con
cerned. The betting was even money
vestcrday afternoon, but last night Mur
phv was a 10 to 6 favorite. In the pre
liminaries Caesar Attel and Tommy Hart,
colored, fought a six-round draw. Bobble
Johnson knocked out Mickey Welch m
four rounds./ .¦:¦
TIM MURPHY of Australia and
Young Gibbs. colored, of Cleveland,
Ohio, boxed fifteen rounds to a draw
before the Acme Club, Oakland,
last night.
Dunlevy. Sacrifice hit — Mohler. First base
on errors — Oakland 1, Los Anireles 4.' First
base on called balls — Off Cristall 3, off Wad
dell 2. Left on bases — Oakland 8. Los Ange
les 6. Struck out — By Cristall 6, by Waddell
». Time of game — 1 hour and 55 minutes.
Umpire — O'Connell. .
THE terrible Rube has added the
Oaklands to his scalp list. He won
his third straight game since leav
ing the balmy climes- of the south
yesterday afternoon. The Ewlng aggre
gation discovered seven of his elusive
twisters, but he made it all up by bring
ing in two runs with a double-header In
the last spasm of the day.
Cristall was in magnificent form, 'and
he had the Angels thinking about him
throughout the struggle. However, he
threw away his own game by making a
critical error when two had been sent to
the benches in the last and one-all
marked up on the boards.
The game was not fast, yet it was in
teresting. The famous Oakland Inflcl.1
wavered at times and piled up live errors.
Only one of these rigured in the score,
and that was the last disastrous one
which made Morley happy and caused
Lwing's countenance to take on a care
worn expression.
Walters did the only hot-foot to the
plate fcr Ewing in the third. He worked
the eccentric Rube for transportation,
and Mohler sacrificed him. Streib's beau
tiful two-base hit to the flagpole brought
Walters over the rubber. Alter that Oak
land could never score, though they had
men on bases several times.
Hannivan lifted the ball to the house
tops in back cf center in the fifth, and it
be$:an to look like an extra inning affair
until Waddell came along with his timely
Reilly and Anderson drew free checks
in the ninth, but old Peter cleverly caught
the former napping off second base.
Householder had struck out. and with
two gone it looked good for a couple of
additional flourishes. Hanlon- hit an easy
one and both Cristall and Lohman started
after it. Pete interfered and Cristall, lrt
his anxiety, threw over Streib's head.
Waddell drove out a hot two-cushion
wallop to center and both Anderson and
Hanlon were there with runs, i Toman
scored Rube with a single to left field,
and it was all over, including the shout
ing.
Dunlevy was back in the game and
made two singles out of four trips to the
plate. Householder struck out twice and
Waddell fanned three men ' In the last
round. Francks was erratic at short.
Lohman continued his fine throwing to
bases.
Waddell met a serious rival in Cristall,
and the Rube had luck coming his wav.
The ending might have been altogether
different but for the costly error in the
ninth, but It seems as though the husky
southpaw was built to win and not to
lose. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f 3 1 0 0 1 0 0
Mohler. 2b 2 0 0 0 4 l" ; 'o
Streib. lb 4 O 2 0 7 0 0
Lohmas. c 4 0 1 0 5 2 0
Dcvereaux. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 11
Dunlevy. 1. f. 4 0 2 0 10 0
Francks. ss 4 0 1 0 ."> 3 2
Gorton, r. t 4 0 10 2 0 1
Cristall, p 3 O O 0 0 2.11
•Schmidt 1 0 0 0 O 0 0
Totals 33 1 7 0 27 9 5
•liatted for Cristall in last innine.
LOS AXGELES.
AB. R. BH. Sa PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 4 0 10 14 1
Hannivan, \. 1 5 1 1 0 2 0 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 1 0 1 2 0
Householder, c. t 4 O 1 ¦ O - 2 00
Reilly Sb 3 0 0 O 0 3 0|
Anderson, c 3 10 19 1-VO
Roach, r. t 4 0 0 0 0 O 0
Hanlon. lb 4 1 1 0 11 0 0
Waddell. p 4 1 1 0 1 2 0
Totals 35 4 0 1 27 12 1
RUJCS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 3 — 1
Base hits 1 O 0 1 1 1 0 0 2 — «
Oakland 0 0 1 0 O 0 0 0 O — 1
Base hits 11 1 2 00 0 1 1—7
> V SUMMARY.
Home run — Hannivan. Two-base hits — Loh
man, Francka. Streib. Householder. Waddell,
Former' Enters the Ring
a Ten to Six Favorite.
Bobby Johnson a Winner
Hannivan Knocks the Ball
Over the Cemer-Field
Fence fcr a Home Run
Australian Tim 'Murphy and
Young Gibbs Go Fifteen
Fast Rounds in Oakland
Cristall Keeps the Angels
Guessing, but Finally
Loses by a Costly En or
BOXERS FIGHT
A DRAW BEFORE
THE ACME GLUB
RUBEWADDELL
WINS A GAME
IN LAST ROUND
Is always happening in a, poker, game— '
; two • deuces take v . the pot, • etc. We ; have
all l the , latest * novelties ; in ; playing cards,
poker :.' chips, counters, " dice, and the
cheapest line ; of ~ pretty \ ti»lly " cards : and.
prizes In ; the city.' Sanborn, Valli& : Co..
74T Market -street. - - *: ' •>• ;.
Something New
to Mme. Louise Loult, a teacher .of
French, who resides at the Budd House.
Mme. Louit is prostrated by : the news.
Her sister and children lived at V : St.
Pierre. The madame has little hope for
her relatives, as they lived in a greatly
exposed portion of the city. Her Bister,
Mme. ' Gentile,' with her husband, two
• - 1 . ¦. .
STOCKTON, May 9.— The news of the
terrible catastrophe on the Island of
Martinique came as a severe blow
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed May 9— Br ship Laomene,
for Fremantle. . ¦ -¦¦-¦.
SEATTLE — Arrived . May 0-^Stmr Charles
Nelson, from San Francisco; stmr ; Banta Ana.
from ¦ San Francisco ; stmr Klnshul Maru,- from
Victoria. > ¦-.. ¦ . .' -.?.:¦ -•'_.•. .-¦:-
Sailed May 0— Stmr Rainier, for San. Fran-'
Cisco; •¦ stmr Dolphin, ¦ for ' Skarway. • N • V '
FOREIGN PORT. .i
-VANCOUVER, B:C— Arrived prior to May 0
Br ! stmr Tartar, from Hongkong;. '.,.--7 ,\.5
tHEnflflfiflHMHHBSltflf££&il^H9HHH
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.-;
; * Friday,' Way 9. '.
Br . stmr Algoa, ' Hansford, 35 days j 6 hours
from : Manila,' via 1 ' Moji 24 days 7 hours. '
Mme. Louise Louit of Stock
; ton Prostrated by News '
of Disaster.
RELATIVES LIVE
IN DOOMED CITY
Soon- after midnight the boy , left his
bed in his sleep, picked up a lighted lamp
and went' to his sister's bedside, where,
in some" manner, I the .- lamp exploded . and
ignited the bedclothing and the children's
night-dresses. Both children were ter-"
rlbly burned. . , . .
: PUEBLO. Colo., May 9.-Walter Crad
dock,;.the*, 10-year-old son of. Mr. and Mrs.
W. I.' Craddock,: died : this afternoon from
burns received last -night His sister
Edna, who was burned at the same time,'
is not expected to recover.
and One Life Has Been
Boy Leaves His Bed, Carries Lamp
WALKS IN HIS SLEEP
AND CAUSES TBAGEDY
, BOSTON, May 9.— Much anxiety Is felt
by relatives of Thomas Prentiss. Consul
at St. Pierre, in Melrose, his native place.
He is married and has two daughters.
May and Christine. Miss Alice • Frey. his
sister-in-law, this, morning received' a let
ter from him , in which he mentioned the
signs of activity on Mont Pelee and the
apprehension all had of danger. ¦' The let
ter was written April 25. and mention was
made of the schooner Anna J. Morse of
Portland, which had just'arrlved,: and on
which he was planning ( to have j his fam
ily leave if things . looked threatening.
Miss Frey believes that the' Prentiss .'fam
ily: may ha W gone, to Fort du France ere
this and ' she expects a cablegram from
them. Miss May was her father's secre
tary, and Miss Christine was about 14
years of.ace. ,\
Anxiety for the Consul.
Will Be Abandoned if Mayor ClarJc
Does Not Sign the New Pool
room Ordinance. "-
SACRAMENTO, May 9.— The fate of
the spring race meeting to be held under
the auspices of the Capital City Turf
Club at Agricultural Park next week is
in the hands of Mayor Clark.
Twelve or fourteen carloads of horses
have been brought here. It is conceded
that unless pools are allowed to be sold,
the meet will be so unprofitable as not
to Justify the effort.- The license fee of
$500 provided by the original, pool room
ordinance was deemed prohibitive and
the board of trustees at Its last session
reduced the fee to 13, leaving the matter
of granting the license as it was before,
with the Mayor, Chief of Police and pres
ident of the Board, of Trustees, acting as
a commission.
. It was alleged the Mayor would decline
to approve the new ordinance, thus pre
venting pools from being sold next week,
because his political enemy, B. W. Cav
anaugh, was supposed to be In partner
ship with Caesar Young In the pool privi
lege. However, the trouble appears to
have been patched up and the promoters
of the meet to-night declare they have
an assurance that Mayor Clark will sign
the ordinance to-morrow morning and
with the other commissioners grant the
desired license.
James • Martin, the lessee of the race
track, has prepared the bond which is
required preliminary to the granting of
the % license, in expectation of favorable
action by the Mayor.,
Bernstein and I*yons Fight -V Draw.
BALTIMORE, May 9.— Joe Bernstein of
New York'and Harry Lyons of Baltimore
fought twenty f asf rounds to a draw be
fore the Eureka Athletic Club here to
night. .
OMAHA. May 0. — Dr. E. C. Spinney of this
city was to-day re-elected supreme president
of the Bankers' - Union of the World and • will
bo at Its head for another two years.
; President Sam was elected April 1, 1896.
for seven years," by the two chambers of
the Haytien Congress in joint— session.
He was 61 years of age when» elected and
belongs to a family distinguished in Hay
tien. revolutionary history. He was Min
ister of War under President Solomon,
took part in the "Hlppolyte. revolution,
was made Minister of War and Marine
under President Hyppollte, and after the
death : of the latter was elected President.
SAN DOMINGO, Republic of Santo JDo
mfngo; May 9. — Former" President Jlmincz
of the Dominican republic and- his Min
isters have left the foreign legations here,
.where they had sought refuge. Quiet has
been restored in the city. The hospitals
are full of men who were wounded in the
last i engagement between _the Dominican
revolutionists and the forces of the for
mer Government. • A Red Cross hospital
has been established and is caring for the
wounded. .The United States cruiser Cin
cinnati arrived here to-day.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 8,
Thursday.— General Tiresias Simon Sam,
Piesldent of the Haytien republic, has re
signed his office. The Haytien Congress
will assemble May 12 to select his suc
cessor. , The Haytien republic is com
pletely, calm. • • ' • "- ', ¦ .-'ir \
Former President Jlmlnez of 'Santo Do
mingo has embarked on board a French
steamer and is expected here. General
Deschamps, the former Governor of Por
to Plata, Santo Domingo, the last place
surrendered to the Dominican revolu
tionists, who also embarked on a French
steamer, has sought, refuge at Cape Hay
titn, Hayti.'
Haytien Republic's Exe
cutive Leaves His
Place. !
SACRAMENTO EACE MEET
HANGS IN THE BALANCE
PRESIDENT SAM
RESIGNS OFFICE
Sea waves were created by the explo
sion, which destroyed all the towns and
villages on the shores of Java and Suma
tra bordering the strait, all vessels and
shipping there and 36,380 lives, raised a
tidal wave at Merak 135 feet high, cov
ered 5000 square miles of the ocean with
lava dust several inches thick, submerged
ari island six miles square and 700 feet
high to a depth of 150 fathoms and cre
ated two ' new islands. •
Professor Milne was asked: >•
"Is it likely that there are volcanoes in
the world at present that have been quiet
for a long time, but will one day or an
other become active?" .:
"It is ' almost certain there are." '
"Some in Europe?" ..
"Many in Europe." .,.
"Some in the United States?"
z "Undoubtedly." .:
Eruptions that build up mountains are
periodical wellings-over of lava and com
paratively harmless, but in the building
up, in which may occur a period of cen
turies, natural volcanic vents are closed
up and gases and blazing fires accumu
late beneath that must eventually find
the air. Sooner or later they must. burst
forth and terrible disasters of the second
class take place. It is the same cause
that makes a boiler burst.
The greatest volcanic explosion ever
known was that of Krakatoa, an island
in the Straits of Sunda, between Jave
and Sumatra, The eruption began on
May 30, 1883. but the great explosion did
not come until August 26. Flames from
the crater could be seen forty miles dis
tant. The crashing explosion which fol
lowed the flames set In motion air waves
that traveled around the earth four timeB
one way and . three . times the other.
Every self-recording barometer in the
world was disturbed seven times by that
blow-up.
These waves travefed at the rate of
700 miles per hour. The noise of this
eruption was heard at Borneo, 1160 miles
distant. It was felt in Burmah, 1478 miles
distant. It was felt In Perth, West Aus
tralia, 1902 miles away. The explosion
was heard over a sound zone covering
one-thirteenth of the earth's surfaced
, \ the eruptions into two grades—
those that build up very slowly and those
that destroy most rapidly.
CHICAGO, May 9.— Professor Milne,
the; highest authority In the world
, on volcanic explosions, . classifies
Thomas T. Prentiss was Consul, and
Amedee Testart Vice Consul at St.' Pierre.
Prentiss was born in Michigan and was
appointed Into the consular service from
Massachusetts. Testart was born, and
appointed Vice Consul from Louisiana.
Prentiss is about 60 years of age. He en
tered the consular service in 1871, when
he was appointed Consul at the Sey
chelles IslaBds. He was appointed Con
sul at Mauritius on March 29, 1880," and re
tired In 1894. He was appointed Consul
at Rouen, France, on January. 11, 1900,
and In May of the same year he was
transferred to Batavia, and six months
later was sent to Martinique. Testart
entered the service In 1898.
Naval officers say, however, that as
Martinique is fertile, ther^_will probably
be no need 'for food' supplies, though
money will be useful for the re
erection of homes and the purchase of
clothing for the people. " :¦ *V/i'-
The ocean-going tug Potomac, stationed
at San v Juan, will probably be ordered
to-morrow to sail for St. Pierre./ She is
under command of Lieutenant/ McCor
mack. The only other vessels the United
States has in the Caribbean Sea are the
Cincinnati, which is at Santo Domingo;
the Yankton at Cienfuegos, and the Ea
gle and Vixen at Havana. Governor
Hunt of Porto Rico will be ordered to
send relief should it be needed.
"POINTE-A-PITRE, May 9.— To Secre
tary of State, Washington: At 7 a. m., .
on the 8th inst., a storm of steam, mud
and fir.e enveloped the city of St. Pierre
and community. Not more than twenty
persons escaped with their lives. Eight
een vessels were burned and sunk with
all on board, including four American
vessels and a steamer from Quebec,
named Roraima. The United States Con
sul and family are reported among the
victims. A war vessel has come to Gua
daloupe for provisions and will leave at
5 o'clock to-morrow. AYME, Consul."
Appeals were received by the State De
partment from persons living in - New
York, who have relatives and interests In
Martinique, that warships be immediately
dispatched to the Island to render assist
ance. Secretary Moody and Rear Admiral
Taylor considered this morning the ad
visability of ordering a vessel to St.
Pierre, but it was decided not to take
action until the full extent of the disas
ter was known.
Secretary Hay received this afternoon
the following from Consul Ayrne, sta
tioned at Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadaloupe:
with the awf ulness of the catas
trophe that has stricken Martinique.
According to official advices' but
twenty persons out of 23,000 survive from
nature's destruction of the city of St.
Pierre. The administration is" in ignor
ance of the effect of the earthquake upon
other sections of the island, which had a
population of 165,000. Further seismic dis
turbances are apprehended and fears are
entertained that some of the American
possessions, including St. Thomas and St.
Johns, which are practically the property
of the United States, may be affected.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, May 9.-
Washington is appalled to-night
Highest Authority in the
World G)ves Some
Startling Facts:
MILNE TELLS
OF EXPLOSIONS
Federal Officials Prepare to
Send Relief to the ,
Survivors.
APPEALS ARE
MADE FOR AID
he expressed the opinion that the fact
that the commander of the Suchet is seek
ing provisions showed that a number of
the Inhabitants of St. Pierre, foreseeing
the disaster, had sought refuge at various
points sheltered from the volcanic stream,
and there being no vessels to transport
the people the Suchet was trying to pro
cure food for them.
ST. LOUIS, May 9.— Fair Grounds summa
' First race, half mile-Goudy won. Duke
paVhaway second. Maltoferln third. Time.
mce five and a half furlongs s-ell
lng-Joe Goss wen, Blue Mint second. INellie
Ba T W h?rd h ra d c C . half '-long, selling
— Zlrl won. Four Leaf C second. Slnfl third.
Tl Fc e urtn°r^'e. steeplechase. seMiiff. one and a
Quarter miles-Eva Moe won. Fallela second.
selling-Found
von. Leviathan second, Winepress third.
T1 s n ixth 1:4 r 3 a 1 ce. six furlongs, selling -C^ean
won Ampere second.. Semicolon third. Time.
1:14' ' - "
CHICAGO. May 9.— Worth results:
First race, 'four and a half furlongs— Agnes
Mack won, John C. King second, King Dodo
third Time :57 3-5
Second race, six furlongs— Clorlta won Ara
toma second. Haldee third. Time 1:17 2-5.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles— Malay
won. Prince of Africa second. Farmer Bennett
race 'six furlongs— Federal won. Ice
KiiiB second. Scorpio third. Time. 1:17.
Fifth race, one mile— Homage won. Sarllla
"A^^n^ir^n wonVDar*
Secret second, Leenja third. Time. 1:45 1-5.
The Chestnut Son of Conrad Beats
Kilogram, Alsike and Others Over
. the Withers Mile.
NEW YORK. May !».— Morris Park results:
First race, selling. -five and a half furlong*
over Eclipse course— Early Eve won. Maru
second Stella 'W third. Time, 1:04.
Second race the Ptckaninny, for maiden twj-
y t ar-old Miles, last half-mile of Eclipse course
— Anoke wop, Makeda second. Impetuous third.
TI Third- 4 race. the Papoose, lour and a £M
f-.-rlcngs of Eclipse course— Her Letter won.
Fort Avayne second. Sir Voorhies third. Time.
race, six and a
togram won. Musidora second. Bonner third.
Ti FUth 1: rtce.. seven furlongs-Somerset won.
Adelaide Prince second. Stevedore third. Time.
1: Ilith race. East Chester handicap. Wither,
mile— Ohnct won. Kilogram second. Alsllc»
third. Time. 1:43%.
LOUISVILLE, ; Ky.. May 9.— Churchill
Downs summary:
Tremlus second. M. F. Tarpey third. Time.
1 'Third race; five furlongs— Von Bouse won.
The Mckett sscond, Estrada Palma third.
T1 F^\nh 01 r\ce. selling, six
Yerfces won. Last Knight second. Clales third.
Ti FI£th 1: race' selling one mile-Chorus Boy
won. Trocadero second. Jena third. Time.
1: «^th race seven furlongs— Bard of Avon
won Harlls' second. Jessie Jarboe third. Time.
sons named George and Raoul, and two
daughters, Alice and Anals, have resided
in St. Pierre for many years.. Raoul. is
a distinguished; lawyer and brilliant' ora
tor, while his father has held high posi
tions in various capacities. Mme. Louit
also has another. : sister, Mme. Fortier,
who has a number of children living at
Trinidad.- She ' spent some-time in St.
Pierre and does not think the. people ever
entertained any great fear of .the volca
no. The earthquakes in and^ around the
island, however, are "very powerful and
destructive, being felt as severely on the
water as on the land. This island has
been visited by calamities such' as earth
quakes, drought, insurrection, j yellow fe
ver,' fire, cyclones and floods many times,
and at last the supposedly peaceful vol
cano breaks forth. Mme. Loult says ow
ing to these misfortunes the people of the
island have become so poor that It is al
most impossible for them toleaVe the Is
land and seek homes elsewhere.
EAST CHESTER HANDICAP
IS CAPTURED BY OHNET
fTp HEATER-GOERS of this city will,
B In all probability, have an opportu
nity of seeing that sterling actor,
Robert Fitzsimmons, tread
stage at the Central Theater before the
close of this month. Negotiations were
practically closed last evening between
this past master of hooks and jabs and
Messrs. Belasco and Thall, and within a
few weeks "Lanky Bob" will be electrify
ing audiences by nis acting in "The Hon
est Blacksmith."
If you leave it to the ex-champion
boxer of the world this play gives him
every chance to display hl3 versatility
as an actor. He plays rour parts during
the production and has won the approval
of the severest critics in the land. As
the honest blacksmith he puts such stars
as James J. Corbett, Terry McGovern and
Jimmy Brltt In eclipse.
The gentleman wno usually plays the
part of the villain at the Central would
Detter go into active training, as "Lanky
Bob" is an enthusiast, and when his lines
call upon him to smite the destroyer of
his happiness he lands no love tap. but
swings as if the object of his righteous
wrath was an opponent in the ring. It
is sometimes necessary for Bob to throw
the same villain through a window, and
he gently lifts the actor and hurls him
through with becoming grace.
During the progress of the play, .Mr.
Fitzslmmons Is called upon to rescue the
leading lady, who Is locked la a room.
Not possessing a key, he loudly exclaims.
"I always carry my key with me." Suit-
Ing the action to the words, he swings
his freckled fist against the door and
shatters it. It may not be generally
known, but it is a fact. Bob is possessed
of a melodious voice. During the play
he gives the audience a sample of hi*
vocal powers, and, according to the self
same Bob, the audience usually yells for
more.
There is a gymnasium scene, and the
challenger of Jeffries gives the spectators
an Idea of what he can do with a punch-
Ing bag. He always ends the scene
by sending the inflated sphere from its
platform with a well-directed smash.
The spectators see a genuine prizefight
with the aid of a picture machine. It is
supposed to be a vision, but they watch
the Australian boxer send Gustavus Ruh
lln into the land of dreams. The play
abounds in startling situations, and Fitz
simmons makes the most of them.
Bob sat in a box at the Central Theater
last evening and was the cynosure ot"
all eyes. Between acts he discussed his
efforts to take on Jeffries. He is out
spoken In his dislike of Billy . Delaney,
and says he want3 to hold a personal In
terview with the champion.
A representative of San Francisco Ath
letic Club left this city yesterday for
Los Angeles. His business is with Jef
fries, whose signature he will try to e~
cure to articles binding a match for tho
championship. , ¦ . . - .
LOS ANGELES. May 9.— In an Inter
view to-night Jeffries said: "It Is impos
sible for me to go to San Francisco at
present. I am appearing regularly at the
Chutes, and am also helping my brother
Jack prepare for his coming fight with
Johnson next Friday night. After that I
may go north. .
"As far as I can see, Fltz has no bust
ness with me. I believe he should confer
with the representatives of the Los An
geles Athletic Club now In San Francisco,
arid with the other club managers.'* ¦ -'.-
Wheeler Wins Bluarock Shoot.
NEW YORK, May »-At Interstate
Park to-day the third annual • - Grand
American handicap shooting tournament
at bluerocks was concluded. . H. G.
Wheeler of Marlborough, Mass., won the
consolation handicap, ¦ defeating Heikes,
Fanning, Fulford. Elliott and forty..
others. . . v _jr
Oleomargarine Bill Is Signed.
"WASHINGTON, May 9.— The President
to-day signed the oleomargarine bill.
THE regatta committee of the Pacific
Athletic Association of the Amateur
: Athletic Union held a meeting at
the Olympic Club last evening and
decided to accept the offer of the Oakland
citizens to hold a regatta on Lake Mer
rltt on the afternoon of July 4. Chairman
W. B. Hinchman reported that the com
mittee would offer $1000 for trophies.
It was unanimously agreed to accept
this tempting offer. Upon motion .the
committee • decided to make it a cham
pionship affair. An effort will be made to
bring a crew from Portland to compete
in the races. All the boat clubs had rep
resentatives at the meeting and they were
Instructed to notify their organizations o£
the event. 355S* . ?*,<,»
Delegate Al Rothkopf suggested that
the Oakland citizens might furnish ac
commodations for the men who Y ,,?*,:!
into training. He suggests that little
houses be erected for storing boats ana
to be used as dressing rooms .„„„,,
A Mr. Boise of Honolulu was introduced
as a representative of the Iolanl Boat
Club. He said he came .here empowerea
to arrange shell races 'between repre
sentatives of this city and Honolulu. He
stated that upon Investigation he roun-j
that the oarsmen on this coast ussa
skiffs and barges instead of shells, fie
said he hoped, however, that- at some
future time crews of this city might visit
Honolulu and test their prowess against
the members of his club.
Secretary E. J. Lynch was instructed to
send notices to the clubs notifying them
of the regatta and instructing their men
to make their entries in time..
Committees Appointed to
Complete Arrangements
for the Important Event
Discusses Scenes of His Play
and Tells What There Is
in Store for the Villian.
Liberal Offer of Oakland
Citzens is Accepted by
the Amateur Association
Challenger of Jeffries Is De
bating Whether He Should
Play at the Central Theater.
CHAMPIONSHIP
REGATTA FOR
JULY FOURTH
FITZSIMMONS
MAY APPEAR
IN MELODRAMA
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL; SATUEDAY^ MAY 10, ; 1902.
BOXING, COURSING, YACHTING, BASEBALL AND FIELD SPORTS
Cleverly Present an Excellent and Varied Programme : of Latest
Specialties and Receive Generous Plaudits From \l the Large
Audience -Which Assembles in Girls' High School Hall
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL PUPILS
APPEAR IN A MINSTREL SHOW
5
Soap for toilet, nursery,
•bath and shaving. Match-
less among all soaps in
the world for tkese pur-
poses.
Sold all over the world,'
FOR \^*_ W^^^^fe #-
TENNIS r S <^^feF"
TAGnTING
CYCLING — Lv lUJlIIf /'/// \ a
NQfcTOST STYLES J7 /^^^AtX\/^\%
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
y iMmnn*nmtin"mimtiiiiTTiiTiTiiitiiiwwiiw«»
• '¦.x«, - ¦
| !
I The Thorough Ageing |
i 5
I of
I Banter I
Baltimore Rye
I i
I ¦ - i
I I
I Fructifies and Purifies j
| its
] Superb Qualities.
I CHRIST I & WTSK CO1TM1SSIOS CO., Imfc, i
! 223<E225Cal1forTiiaSt..S*aFraneisco,Caaif. !
S Telephone Main 873.
5 *- ¦ ¦ " '
GOIO&KHCCA 1JTD OSWAIT BISCHA&8I3
} ' ¦ '
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.REFEREE ' IN BANKRUPTCY. — United
States District < Judge de Haven . has appointed
A; A:, Smith of jSonora referee In bankruptcy
for Tuolurone County, .
According;to a Boston preacher the ladies of that
city never smoke, vbut they ' sometimes swear; and
perhaps it would be cheerfullerto' let' them smoke.
WASHINGTON/ May 9.— The following
Californians arrived at the hotels to-day:
St. -James— Mrs. J. L". Wetherbee, Mrs
H.--W. Wilder, Berkeley; Mrs. H. H. Neal,
Oakland; E. W. Marston" and wife, San
Francisco. Willard— J. ' S. Brouck, San
Francisco. Raleigh— F. M. Quaid, San
Francisco. . ... • < ' .
Californians in j Washington.
In Pennsylvania they have. a better means of evad
ing the law. No deception is practiced by either the
The exposures have been made mainly in New
Jersey and in Pennsylvania. Each of those States has
statutes restricting the employment of children in
factories, but the laws, it seems, are not enforced. It
is stated that in New Jersey the inspectors declare
the manufacturers deceive them as to the age of the
children, and the manufacturers when summoned to
answer declare the parents practice deception upon
the foremen of the factories and get their children
employed by misstating their ages. The excuses are
perhaps the best that can be made, but as the inves
tigation has disclosed that in some of the glass fac
tories, for example, a number of children were found
who are under eight years of age, it would seem that
both the manufacturers and the inspectors were very
willing to, be deceived.'
CHILD LABOR in the Southern States has
rightly occupied a good deal of public atten
tion of late, for it constitutes one of the most
serious industrial evils of that section of the coun
try. It now appears, however, that the attention of
those interested in suppressing that i form of labor
must be turned in other directions as well as toward
the South, for recent disclosures have brought to
light the fact that there is a good deal of child labor
going on in the most progressive States of the East
itself.
CHILD LABOR IN THE EAST.
At a recent meeting of the Massachusetts Society
for the University Education of Women one of the
speakers advised. girls to fit themselves for the posi
tion of "scientific housekeepers," and as that seems
to be no more than a new name for wife probably a
good many of them will follow the counsel.
Spiro Vucosavlievich, secretary. ''of the
Servian-Montenegrin Society of this city,
left with his family last evening for. his
former home in Dalmatia, Austria. He
took with him a letter from the society
which he will present to Prince Nicho
las I of Montenegro. It contains ' much
interesting matter relating to the Servian
colony in San Francisco.
President E. H. Harriman and party
returned yesterday from the Yosemite
Valley and registered at the Palace. .
M. H. Flint, who is connected with the
"United States mail service In Los An
geles, is at the Occidental.
R. Kaffenberg, who owns several stores
in the . Klondike, arrived at the Palace
yesterday from Boston.
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion H. S. Kirk is registered at the Cali
fornia. ; - : • . . '•'*£¦ >2
Abe Levy of Los Angeles is at the Pal
ace.
"V. H. I Woods of San Luis Obispo Is
at the Grand. < ' ... .
C. H. Royce, a banker of "Winters, Is
at the Grand.
E. S: Churchill, - a banker of Napa, is
at the Palace.
O. Y. Woodward of Woodward's Island
is at the Grand.
A. M. Ryerson, a New York manufac
turer, is at the Palace.
Lee A. Phillips, an attorney of Xos An
geles, is at the Palace.
S. N. Butters, a merchant of Williams,
is staying at the Lick. , ,
• F. H. . an attorney of Stock
ton, is at the California. . .
W. B. 'Devereaux, a Colorado mining
man, Is at the Palace.
J. B. Brown, Superintendent. of Schools
of Eureka, is at the Lick. .' , '. •
W. M. Campbell, a shipping man of
Honolulu, is at the Grand. v
PERSONAL MENTION.
Shake Into Your ¦ Shoes
Allen's Foot-Ease, a powder. Makes tight or new
shoes feel easy. Cures Corns. Bunions. Swollen
Tired. Sweating. Aching feet. 30.000 testimon
ials. At druggists & shoe stores. 25c Ask to
day. Sample Free. A. S. Olmsted. L« Roy. N. T.
CHICAGO, May 9.— For the first time In
the history of the Congregational Church
the degree of bachelor of divinity has
been conferred on a woman. Miss Flor
ence A. Fensham of Constantinople, Tur
key, was honored with that .title at the
annual convocation of the Chicago Theo
logical Seminary in the First Congrega
tional church.
First Degree for a Woman.
An expenditure of- $20,000,000 for the purpose of
making ah experiment that would have been at once
philanthropical and political on so-grand a scale
would have been none too great for a man like Car
negie, and he might have made the investment profit
able. It is not worth while to speculate on what
would have been the result. It is sufficient to take
the. story as an illustration of. what our captains of
industry are thinking of. > Perhaps one day they will
have such propositions promptly accepted by Gov
ernments that wish to get . rid of \ troublesome
problems. In fact, the time may come when a Gov
ernment will advertise for them.
Of course no one caji blame McKinley for re
jecting such a proposition. It was altogether- too
novel and too original for a grave statesman to ac
cept. Still it would have been, a most interesting
experiment had it been undertaken, and would have
been well worth trying. In. these days we have had
a great deal of humorous discussion of the coming
government of the world by business men.. News
papers,' magazines and comic weeklies have treated
the subject in a great variety of ways. It is there
fore interesting to learn that one business man had
a serious idea of trying it.
The writer for the bulletin says: "There is a man
in our nation distinguished for his marvelous suc
cess and for his wonderful use of wealth. Born , in
Scotland, he came to our land poor and has won
distinction" here in many ways. This man went to
Mr. McKinley when the . Spanish treaty was pend
ing and said to him that America was in face of war
in the Philippines; that our people and the Filipinos
would soon be killing one another; and he asked
to be sent to Manila with the fullest authority to
declare that America desired good things for the
little brown men and would soon recognize their
independence. This man said to Mr. McKinley, fur
ther, that he had the matter so much at heart that, if
sent on such a mission, he, would himself pay the
twenty millions of dollars called for by the treaty."
ONE of the most curious stories relating to
our dealings with the Philippines that has
yet been told is contained in the monthly
bulletin for May of the Fidelity and Casualty Com
pany of New York. Published as an editorial, it
comes from a 'reliable source and will excite more
than usual interest because it shows how near the
world came to having an opportunity to see how a
great military and diplomatic pjpblem could be set
tled when dealt with by a business man. on business
principles.
A CURIOUS STORY.
The Northern Paclflo Hallway Is th« best.
cheapest and Quickest route. Frow Lewlstoa.
and Stltea. Idaho, there ar» rood wagon roada
to either "Warren* or Dixie, from which point*
tha trails Into this district ara most accessible.
Tor rates, etc. addresa T. X. statct.itp
a. A.. 047 Market St.. S. F.
f? Going to Thunder Mountain P?
"Allowing for breaks and scratches."
says a statistician, "the lead pencil will
write fifty-five columns of solid matter, or
an eight-page paper of seven columns to
the page."
Tillman's speeches have so completely tired the
great mass of the American people that little atten
tion will be paid to his latest outburst, but it would
seem that South Carolina at least might attend to
it and by retiring Mr. Tillman give the, country a
rest.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Call*
foraia street. Telephone Main 1042. • ¦
The yearly Interest upon .France's debt
Is equal to $4 20 for every man, woman
and child In France.
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50o a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
€39 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend'3.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'a*
A special from "Washington says the
State Department has just received a
telegram from Consul Pearson stating
that Clara Taylor has been arrested by
the Italian police authorities and will be
held for the American authorities. 'Little
Margaret is in safe hands and her speedy
return to her mother and father in Cin
cinnati is now assured. The Taylors were
identified by Consular Agent Amegegllo
of San Remo.
CINCINNATI, O., May 9.— Mrs. May
Tennant Taylor, the mother of Margaret,
and her attorney, .Thomas H. Darby,
have telegraphed both. President Roose
velt and Secretary of State Hay at
Washington requesting them to instruct
Embassador Meyer at Rome to ask that
Margaret be turned over to the repre
sentative of the Commercial Tribune, who
expects to start for Italy with the official
bearing the extradition papers. The Indi
cations now are that the Taylor escort
irom Europe will include several, news
paper men besides the father of Margaret
and the. officer.
Regain Possession of the
-.- .'¦¦' >: Child, v
Mother, of Margaret Taylor Seeks to
PRESIDENT IS ASKED
;V"-^ TO SEND AN ORDER
If the Santa Fe and Southern Pacific
roads refuse to 'obey the order of the In
terstate Commerce Commission in these
cases the commission will apply to some
Circuit Court of the United States to en
force the order. If the decision of the
lower courts is unfavorable to the rail
road companies they will carry the case
to the Supreme Court of the United
States.
The railroads claimed before the com
mission that control of the routing of
freight by the initial carrier was
necessary to prevent the payment
of unlawful rebates by their connections
in through lines or routes. The fruit
growers contended that the Santa Fe and
Southern Pacific roads adopted that pol
icy in order to carry out a pooling agree
ment.
After investigating these complaints the
commission ruled on April 19 that ship
pers were entitled to designate the rail
roads over which their fruit should be
transported. Chairman Knapp dissented
from the opinion of the other members
of the commission and agreed- with the
railroads that they had a right to select
connecting lines to . forward the fruit
shipments to their destination.
CHICAGO. May 9.-"My present inten
tion is to ignore the ruling of the Inter
state Commerce .Commission." said Presi
dent Ripley of the Santa Fe system, re
garding complaints made to the commis
sion by the Southern California Fruit Ex
change and the Consolidating Forward
ing Company.
More Controversy.
Commerce Commission Will Causa
Objection to Ruling of Interstate
SANTA FE PRESIDENT
WILL REFUSE TO OBEY
It is to be noted that the Gage boss at Humboldt
5 described as having almost disrupted the Republi
an organization in that county and set on foot a
litter factional fight. The Gage tactics, it will be
een, are the same everywhere. The scheme is to
ule the party or ruin it by factions. .The Eureka
evelations afford a timely -lesson for Republicans
hroughout the State. The party must combine'
gainst the bosses and beware of their efforts at fac-
That is the kind qf man who is managing the Gage
ampaign in Humboldt Men of similar character
rre picked up and recruited by the Gage bosses
dierever they can be found. It is upon them" the
Jage conspirators depend to carry through their
cheme to get control of the Republican 'State Con
tention by means of appointed delegates if they can,
.nd, failing that, then by using the "push" at the
•rimarics in the hope of capturing delegates in that
ray.
That f=ai<l Sterling Campbell has Improperly inter
neddled with the conduct of primary elections in this
;ounty; that at such primary elections he has put up
lelepates who were pledged to a large extent to do his
lidding; that he uses money, prior to and at such pri
nary elections to succeed in electing the said pledged
iclejrateK; that with such delegates he claims to control
be Republican nomination for nearly every important
ifflce in the county, and even goes so far as to pledge
he county delegation to district or State conventions to
.upport or to reluse to support any candidate for nom
nation that he desires; that for his manipulation of
>rlmaries and conventions he has gained for himself the
lame of "Boss Campbell," and his clique are known as
he "push" from one end of this county to the other
<nd are so gpoken of in San Francisco; that he and his
¦Jique have become notorious and extremely offensive
o a large percentage of the voters of this county,
rhich fact has almost disrupted the local Republican
organization here and has set on foot a bitter factional
ight.
Other statements made by such men as Arthur
iV. Hill and Stephen Hill, attorneys at Eureka, and
jy W. N. Speegle, business manager of the Standard,
show Campbell's methods of doing politics and his
•eputation in the county. Another gentleman, W.
F. S. Hadley. referee in bankruptcy for Humboldt
bounty and for a long time secretary of the Repub
ican County Committee, sa3's in an affidavit:
Further statements of Senator Selvage show , how
Campbell sought to defeat the reappointment of J.
F. Thompson as t receiver at the Land Office at Eu
reka. In that scheme it is alleged that Campbell
sought to induce Selvage to write to Senator Perkins
md others at Washington indorsing an opponent of
Thompson, one John Bull, and to have said: "Pos
libly it would be a good thing to bring Senator Per
cins to time and give him to understand that he
aouM not get any votes from Humboldt County un
less he took the dictation of Bull and Campbell."
The 'allegations of crooked politics on the part of
Campbell are many and various. Senator Selvage
has reviewed the part Campbell played at a time
when the Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Company
sought to obtain permission for extending its lines
in Eureka. In his statement Selvage says Campbell
called at his office and: "He then stated to me that
the City Council could be handled if the telephone
zompany wished to extsnd'its plant and improve its
fj'stem. I asked him how, and he told me that for
i consideration of $1000 each for three Councilmen
md a satisfactory settlement with C. S. Milnes the
matter could be settled."
DISCLOSURES resulting from a controversy
over an alleged conspiracy to stifle bids for
supplying sewer pipe to Eureka have
brought to light facts which are of interest to the
whole State. One of the parties involved in the
worst scandals of the controversy is Sterling A.
Campbell, Collector of the Port. He has been for
some time one of the foremost of the minor bosses
of the Gage camp and it is upon him that Gage re
lies to obtain a subservient delegation from Hum
boldt County to the Republican State Convention.
It is for that reason the whole State has an interest
in the Eurek^i disclosures. They furnish to the pub
lic a reveiauon of the local repute of a typical Gage
boss. /
A GAGE BOSS.
It developed to-day that when general
arrangements were under consideration
it was suggested that the army as well
as the navy have representation among
the honorary pallbearers. Commander
Nathan Sargent was requested to see
Lieutenant General Miles and ask him
to serve. Lieutenant General Miles as
sented. Subsequently it was determined
to confine honorary pallbearers to naval
officers and the commanding general was
notified. Lieutenant General Miles to
day attended the funeral ceremonies.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— Lieutenant
General Miles consented, instead of de
clining, to act as honorary pallbearer for
the remains of the late Rear Admiral
Sampson.
Did Not Act at Sampson's
Funeral.
Explanation of Reason the General
tvttt.es was willing
TO BE A PALI/BEARER
HT'fjifc V alf^SE^^n^- tf Sill
SATURDAY. ......... .'. .MAY io," 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. £•
IClztit £11 Ctncccirtticns to W. S. LEAKE, Hunger.
I'UIILICATIOX OFFICE. ..Market and Third. S..F.
i:DITOltIAL HOOr.IS 217 to U21 Stevenson St.
&JEk for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Connect
Tou With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Sfnsrle Copies. K Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Inelndlnpr Postages
TATLT CALL. <lnclu<Jlnu Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL, < including Sunday). 6 months Z. 00
DAII.T CALL, (including Sunday). 8 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
FCSDAT CALL. One Tear I. B0
WEEKLY CALL, One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* nre authorized to receive
«ul»crtptlona.
Cample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Man subscribers In ordering change cf address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOCXESS.
XttigtT Foreign Atvertisieg, Kinjuette Building, Chletgo.
(Lens DlEtance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAItLTO.V Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
IVASHIXGTOV (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., N. W.
MORTON E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOB. THE SUMMER
Call «nbiicril>er* contemplating; n cnangre ol
residence «Iarlnjj the summer month* can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their nevr
¦ddretiei by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented oy a local asrent In
nil town* on the coast.
The circumstances of Smith's attack, at
the culmination of the struggle to give
Statehood to Arizona, New Mexico and
Oklahoma, attracted uryisual attention to
the case. For several days he had been
among the foremost in the debate, and
at the moment of the attack he was com
bating an amendment to the bill. It was
believed by the doctors that the Intensity
of his efforts had brought on the attack.
He suffered a slight secondary attack
about half an hour after the flrst one,
but it was less serious. The doctors re
mained in almost continuous consultation,
being fearful that apoplexy might result.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— Delegate Mar
cus A. Smith of Arizona was taken ill on
the floor of the House to-day at the close
of a brief but vehement speech on the
Statehood bill, in which he is deeply in
terested. Three members of the House,
who are physicians — Gilson, Showalter
and Ball— attended him and for a time
they feared that serious results might fol
low. Smith' was conscious, but an ex
amination by the physicians indicated
that he had been threatened with an
apoplectic attack. He was made as com
fortable as possible in the rooms of the
House Committee on Pensions.
in the House.
Delegate Smith of Arizona Is Stricken
DEBATE CATJSES ILLNESS.
If it be desired to perpetuate as an American State
the high-sounding name of Montezuma the best way
to do it would be to give that name to New Mexico.
The creation of a State bearing the name of Jeffer
son would receive general approval. That much has
be^n made evident by comments of the; press in all
sections of the Union. It seems no[more than' fair
that out of the immense territory his prompt state
craft, added to the republic one State should be
named for him. Possibly Oklahoma migKt take the
name. The chances are, however,- that neither
project will carry. Jefferson and Montezuma must
be content to live in the memory of men and in the
names of counties and towns. There is to be no
State honor for them. -
The union of Oklahoma with Indian Territory is
still more objectionable by reason of the wide di
vergence between the two populations and their
civilizations.' As has been pointed out in Congress,
Indian Territory is without school lands or public
highways to' any considerable extent, and. if the Ter
ritory were annexed the people of Oklahoma would
have to. divide their school fund and bear a heavy
burden in bringing the Territory up to the standard
of Oklahoma life.
It is not likely that either amendment will be ac
cepted. Arizona and New Mexico have been so long
organized as Territories- with their present boun
daries that the majority of the people resident in
them have developed a local patriotism arid a senti
ment averse either to union with one another or to
a change of name. Besides the conjunction of the
two would make too large a State for convenience
of administration with the present scant means of
traveling over wide districts of country in •each of
them. Even in California the vast size of the area
included in the commonwealth tends to develop local
prejudices and leads to log-rolling jobs in the Legis
lature between northern and southern interests.
AS was. expected, the omnibus bill providing for
the admission of Arizona, New Mexico and
Oklahoma has brought out a great deal of
opposition from the extreme Eastern men. So far
as that opposition is direct it has been discounted in
advance and hardly needs further comment. There
have been offered to the bill, however, two amend
ments that are at least interesting. One proposes to
combine Arizona and New Mexico to form a State
of Montezuma, and the other to unite Oklahoma
and Indian Territory to form a State of Jefferson.
JEFFERSON AND MONTEZUMA.
When Mrs. Jack Gardner built her Venetian "pal
ace" in their city the Bostonians looked upon it as
a freak, but the Boston Herald says that since.it has
"settled into being" it makes the colonial mansions
in the neighborhood look like thirty cents; and it is
beginning to be believed that Mrs. Gardner is a
reformer in architecture and the Boston of the future
may be the Venice of America.
The passage of the bill by the House
involves a double defeat for the House
leaders. Not only did they propose the
secret bringing up of the measure, but
it became known to-day that they held
a conference among themselves and de
cided to amend the bill by admitting
Oklahoma and the Indian Territory as one
State and Arizona and New Mexico as
another. It was found that Chairman
Knox of the Committee on Territories was
not a party to this conference and both
of these propositions were overwhelmingly
defeated, one yesterday and the other
to-day. The bill passed the House to
day without division.
There is a great fear, however, that
the increase in population contains ele
ments of Democracy, and unless the Re
publican majority is large enough to be
absolutely safe the Territories will . not
be admitted by the Senate. The people
of the Territories are very anxious for
Statehood " and if voting the Republican
ticket will bring them their wish they
will probably do as told next fall.
, But there is another story to the legis
lation. The Republicans of the Senate
will quietly allow the bill to sleep in
committee at the other end of the Cap
itol until after next fall's Congressional
elections. Then if the three Territories,
In their election of delegates, show indi
cations of remaining good and strong Re
publicans the Senate -will, take up the
bill and pass it.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 9.— So far as
the House could accomplish it three new
stars were added to the flag to-day and
the Territories of Oklahoma, -Arizona and
New Mexico were admitted to Statehood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
As the aqueduct bridge was crossed the
guns of the President's yacht Sylph
boomed out' a funeral salute of minute
guns. The burial ceremonies were sim
ple, being confined to a prayer for the
dead, the reading of a psalm and music.
At their conclusion the saluting battery
of the Fourth Artillerv stationed outside
the gates boomed out three salutes. This
salute was in lieu of the usual volleys of
musketry. -'•*..
As the casket, which was closely cov
ered with the blue field of the American
flag and banked with roses, was lowered
upon the bier from the shoulders of the
bluejackets the male quartet sang "Lead,
Kindly Light." Meanwhile the mourners,
the family of the deceased, save Mrs.
Sampson, who was too ill to attend, were
seated. Then followed the service, very
simple; in fact, little more than the fune
ral ritual of the Presbyterian church. As
the benediction was delivered the body
bearers took up their burden, and, fol
lowed by the family of the deceased, the
President and his Cabinet, diplomatic
body and many notable personages, the
remains were carried out of the church
and placed in a hearse. Soon the long
funeral procession was on its way to
Arlington. The President did not go to
the cemetery.
The remains, borne on the shoulders of
eight sailors from the United States
ship Dolphin, were placed in the waiting
hearse and escorted to the church.- As
many people as the large edifice possibly
could seat were assembled in the' body
of the church. The first pew to the right
of the central aisle was occupied by the
President and his family. General Miles
sat behind the diplomatic body. To the
left of the main aisle the first pew was
assigned to the mourners, the members
of the Sampson family and their close3t
friends. The Supreme Court sat next,
and behind them the select committees
from the Senate and the House of Repre
sentatives and then many individual Sen
ators* and Representatives.
¦ The funeral escort was composed of the
light battery of United States artillery,
commanded by Captain Foote and drawn
from Fort Myer; the naval cadets from
Annapolis, 247 strong, a corps that never
paraded In Washington before, save on
several occasions when a President was
inaugurated, and a battalion of blue
jackets from the North Atlantic squadron.
Rear, Admiral Terry, commanding the
escort, with his staff, assembled at the
church. The cadets swung into line and,
headed by the Naval Academy band,
marched from the church to the residence
of the dead admiral on New Hampshire
avenue, about half a mile away. Here
the honorary pallbearers were gathered,
headed by Admiral Dewey.
Every department of the National Gov
ernment was represented* .The j military
and naval features of the ceremonies were
brilliant and impressive. They were con
ducted under direction, of Rear Admiral
Terry, commandant- of the Washington
Navy Yard.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— With a pomp
and circumstance exceeding that of any
naval funeral in this country, in recent
years at least, the remains of William T.
Sampson, rear admiral in the United
States navy 'and commander in ..chief of
the United States naval forces on the
North Atlantic station during the war
with Spain-, were to-day laid at rest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For the use of Attorney General Knox.
who has requested It, a copy of the tes
timony taken at Jefferson City in the re
cent investigation will be sent to Wash
ington for the use of the Federal au
thorities.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. May 9.—At
torney General Crow announces that ho
will to-day file his petition before the
Supreme Court for ouster proceedings
against the Beef Trust, which he believes
is operating in Missouri. He believes the
testimony at the hearing before the- Su
preme Court Tuesday and Wednesday de
veloped ample evidence to oust or fine
the packing companies severely* for vio
lating the State anti-trust law. The At
torney General says he believes he will
be able to destroy the combine.
Letters that have gone out from the
commission men to the shippers advising
them not to send cattle to the market
during the present agitation have had ef
fect, retailers say, and meat that now is
being sold to them i3 cold storage stock
of dubious quality. From several reliable
retail dealers it was learned that em
balmed meats and poultry are being sold
in Chicago. Artificially preserved beef
and fowl are not eaten by the poorer
classes, but by the wealthy patrons of
restaurants and high-class hotels. The
process is so perfect that no taint is left
on the meat and It looks as fresh as new
cuts. An immense saving in the use of
refrigerating cars is effected by simply
immersing the flesh and shipping it in
barrels. One of the reasons given for the
embalming process is the alleged agree
ment to purchase and kill stock outside
of Chicago during the present agitation
against the so-called trust.
"There were a few changes in words,"
said Bethea, "but they vrere of a trend
to strengthen in a legal sense the charges
which we framed. There is an impres
sion that Attorney General Knox sought
to soften the charges. The exact re
verse is true. We hope to-morrow to
let the public know the full details of our
investigation and the facts upon which
the Government will base Us suit.- The
case is strong." ... - • '.
CHICAGO, May 9.— It is the Govern
ment's intention to file a bill for injunc
tion against the packers in the Federal
Court to-morrow. District Attorney
Bethea received printed copies of.
the bill to-day through the mails.
Bethea said that Attorney General Knox
did not make any changes of importance
in the bill as it was prepared in Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The. Eastern press should immediately Teform in
this respect. California is part of the Union. Our
product has competed with the Black Sea country
in controlling the weld's wheat market. Our gold
alone enabled the financing of the war for the
Union and the resumption of specie payments. Our
copper carries the electric spark that lights the nar
row streets of Eastern cities. Our lumber is the
hope of the East for shade from the torrid summer
and shelter from the Arctic winter. Our fruit is the
health-giving luxury of Eastern tables. Our wine
maketh glad the heart of man in that section, and
our wool protects him from "blasts baith snell and
keen." Our climate is the Tesort of the anaemic and
neurasthenic Eastern people, who have been warped
in bending to the extremes of weather, and our
scenery on canvas is the brightest ornament of
Eastern homes. Therefore why not cease this pro
vincial ignoring of our gifts and graces, our charms
and blandishments, snd say truthfully that we are
the handsomest sister in the family, as good as she
is beautiful?
Californians are the greatest travelers in the
Union. They are everywhere East, not to improve
their health but to impair it, that they may taste the
pleasures of contrast when they come home. They
are not of the tourist class, nor are they idlers. They
go on business, bear their exile with what patience
they may and gladly face westward and come home.
But they have interests here. They want to see
whether rain, is falling on the fields and orchards,
and whether the .vineyards are purpling in the 'sun.
They dwn argosies at sea and they want to know
what signals are flying from San Diego to Cape
Mendocino. They want to feel the balm of the home
air and scent the sweetness 'df'^he} blessed % flowers,
and so they look at the morning weather report to
find that it is snowing at Davenport and people are
frozen near the stove in Eastport! If an Eastern
man sojourn in California his comfort is increased
and his great contentment enhanced by reading in
The Call the day's temperature in Boston, New
York, Washington and Chicago. If it be in winter
he goes to his window and looks out upon a serene
sky to which the flowers look up in a sisterhood of
beauty. If it be in summer he reads of the scorch
ing heat in the East, thinks of hectic childhood swel
tering in the cities, puts on his light overcoat and
goes to the [ Cliff House to breathe the cool sea
breeze and wonders how any one can live anywhere
than here.
In no other respect is this Eastern provincialism
more apparent than in the daily weather reports.
These as a rule stop at the Missouri River, and if
they, extend to Salt Lake and El Paso it is either
by oversight, a special act of grace, or because of
some eccentricity in the weather' there that may
make an unfavorable impression by being taken as
a constant condition. But the weather from Podunk
to Sioux City is elaborately bulletined every day, as
if the space between spanned the Union and left no
information untold.
The "California fruit store," which hangs its ban
ner out in every Eastern city and hamlet, is our only
missionary in those parts, and we owe the Eastern
metropolitan press but little for any exertion exposr
itory of our virtues.
These things being so, one is astonished at .the
provincialism of the Eastern press, which avoids
anything bearing upon the fixed ' and . immovable
qualities of California, which make this the Prom
ised Land. The chosen people had to cross the Red
Sea and traverse the wilderness to find Palestine.
That land of milk and honey, full of corn and wine,
could not go to Egypt. The exodus had to carry
the immigrants to Eshcol and Shiloh, and when pro
vincial Pharaoh chased them he got drowned for
his pains and became what Mr. Mantilini called "a
demned moist, uncomfortable body."
At the same time what we have in superiority to
all the world is non-exportable. Our sun shines
only here, and our soil is fixed as the hills. Our
matchless scenery will abide until the heavens are
rolled up like a scroll, and our seedtime and har
vest will come and cur season of bloom and fruit
will be, in defiance of all adoption and fearless of any
imitation.
BECAUSE Califorhians are a bit bumptious
about their big and great State ; they are
called "provincial." This taunt, however, is
drawn out by our local loyalty, and has no. reason
founded in our ignorance of the rest of the Union.
To see our own superlative quality we do not have
to shut our eyes to everything else. We have al
ways known of the transferable artificial advantages
of the East, and have adopted such of them, and as
fast, as would serve our purpose and improve our
condition. It is the peculiar misfortune of the East
that the advantages of California are inherent; they
are natural and fixed, and therefore cannot be trans
ferred. To enjoy them people must come here.
Witness the difference! If the East develop any
thing desirable in manufactures or commercial
methods we invade no copyright and infringe no
patent by importing it for our own use.
FUNERAL POMP
AT THE BURIAL
OF SAMPSON
WARY SENATORS
MAY DEFEAT THE
HOUSE'S PLAN
KNOX IS FIRM
IN FIGHT ON
BEEF TRUST
It is always difficult to enforce laws of this kind.
Where the workers are not strong enough to fight
their own battles and protect their own rights it is
difficult to get justice done. ,, Just for .that reason,
however, the laws that are made for the protection of
the weak should be most carefully enforced by those
in authority. Now that the officials of New Jersey
and Pennsylvania have obtained evidence of the vio
lation of the child labor laws it is to be hoped they
will set an - example for all other States by bring
ing the offenders promptly to justice and meting out
to them the full penalty of the violated law.
manufacturers or the parents. ''.',.. The official inspector
simply gives information to the manufacturers when
an inspection is to be made and upon that day the
children are given a holiday. That seems a big im
provement on the New Jersey plan, but the effect is
the same. The law. is violated and young children are
forced to bear a burden of labor which is as bad as
anything reported of the Southern States.
THE PROVINCIAL BAST.
THE SA^ FRA^GISCO \GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
6
A2£TJSZ2LEKT£t
Grsnd Opera-house — "The Leather Patch."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California— "Under the Red Pajbe."
Tivoll— "The Sinking Girl."
Central — "Mrs. Partington."
Alcazar — "When the Heart Wu Young."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
Orpheuzn — Vaudeville.
New Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
• By W. H. Horn — Thursday. May 22, German Government
Horses, at 1732 Market street.
— Of^«^^S^w^!i.^
;
I Costume Poses by Sanj The Empire of Business.
I Francisco Society Ladies. I b t Andrew Carnegie.
H The most exclusive series of photos I " ;
I ever given to a San Fran- I JLf v FxnerieTiCeS 85 a
H cisco Sunday paper. I ai * *-Xpenence3 05 a
I pose No. 2 next Sunday. | Criminal Lawyer.
H : fi By Judge Carroll Cook.
I Sec Pat and ileiny in i "~^~
i New Adventures. 1 How lo Dress mc " Lmic
¦ • I Man" for Svmmer.
I The Society "Avtoneers" I •-— — "£fc
I of San Francisco. I M *& c and Puzzle Plc "
I Do you know who they are 7 I tUFCS.
I See next Sunday's Ca'l g Tht best eTer pubii^i
Illealth, Beauty, Fashions. J How to Stage a New Play.
I The Sunday Call Magazine Section contains more Western a
- stories than all other San Francisco Sunday papers combined. I1 LOS ANGELES,- May 0.— Harry Davis, a
laborer, ' attempted ; to commit suicide to-day
by, cutting. his throat with a razor. He missed
the .- Jusrular vein; and before he ' could make
a second attempt wp a overpowered and the
razor taken : from hlir • . \ '•
We have a larger and better trunk'than
the $7 50 special offered last week, it Is
made of genuine basswood, brass trim
med, , : with 'J two - straps, "two. "trays '.- and
cloth faced, at $8 50. Also a sole leather
suit case with shirt fold and steel frame
for, $6 60. /All trunks, valises and leather
poods lettered free of charge. Sanborn
Vail' &: Co., 741 Market I street. • -
Trunks and Valises.
COLON, Colombia, May 9.— According to
the latest advices received here, the In
terior of the republic continues compara
tively quiet. The death is announced at
Barranquilla of the Government General
Pedro Cespedesv The Government gun
boat General Pinzon left here yesterday
for Bocas del Toro. The British cruiser
ppyche arrived here to-day.
Comparative Quiet in Colombia.
FORT OF SPAIN, .Trinidad, D. W. I..
Thursday, May 8.— The occupation of Car
acas by the Venezuelan revolutionary
forces is considered as certain within a
short time. They are victorious every
where. The president of the district of
Guiana has established an autonomous
government. ; .
Their Continued Success Seems
to Be Assured.
Victory Attends Revolutionists and
VENEZUELAN INSURGENTS
, W3XL CAPTURE CARACAS
MERCED, May 9.— The Sixth Regiment,
National Guard of California, will go into
camp in this city oh May 15 and remain
until the 24th. The regiment is composed
of two companies each from Stockton
and Fresno and one each from Modesto,
Merced, Hanford, Visalia and Bakers
fleld. The camp will be for drill and in
struction, but there will be a number of
special events. The citizens of Merced
have raised $1500 for entertainment of the
guardsmen and for prizes for the best
drilled company, for the best team of
ten men at the rifle range, and for field
day contests.
Sixth Begiment Encampment.
Captures a Baby Seal.
MONTEREY, May 9.— M. R. Duarta
captured a bay leopard seal In his sardine
seine yesterday, -about 100 yards from the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
wharf. It Is the first seal of the kind
ever taken so near shore hereabouts and
Is a fine specimen. An effort will be
made to train it.
MONTEREY, May 9. — Amiclto Mesqulta, ont
of the oldest and best-known vaqueros of this
section, died at his home here yesterday. K*
¦was in his seventy-second year.
The Pope will receive ex-Queen Natalie
of Servia to-morrow. Her letter announc
ing her conversion to the Roman Catholic
faith was signed "A very devoted dausrh
ter of the Roman Church." : au s"
ROME, May 9.— The Pope to-day re
ceived In audience an- extraordinary mis
sion, headed by the Marquis de'Ajerbe
conveying the Jubilee congratulations of
the King and Queen of Spain. Full state
ceremonial was observed. The Marauis
presented to the Pope, in behalf of their
Majesties, a superb carpet. His Holiness
will send in return to the King and Queen
Regent mosaics valued at 510,000, manu
factured at the Vatican. . '
Congratulations.
a Costly Carpet and Jubilee
King and Queen Send His Holiness
POPE LEO RECEIVES
BARE GIFT 'FROM SPAIN
The Dowager Empress and the Emperor
£?~ da 7, J" e ? elv « d In audience Admiral
Skrydloff, In command of the Russian
squadron in the Pacific, and his staff.
I EKING, May 9.— Three Americm mis
sionarifis of the disturbed district of
Chili province, fears for whose safety had
been expressed, are officially reported to
be on their way to PaotingrFu under a
military escort.
HONGKONG, May 9.— Advices received
here from Wu Chou say the rebels bom
barded Nan Ning Fu for three hours
April 27, usine modern field guns. From
300 to 400 of the Inhabitants were killed
Tho rebels subsequently withdrew to the
hill.
During' a Bombardment of
Nan Ning Fu.
Several Hundred Chinese Are Killed
BEBIXS SHELL A TOWN
WITH MODERN CANNON
One of the companies that will take part
in the competition will be McKinley Com
pany, that was recently mustered in in
this city, with fifty members. The com
pany, which will be known as No. 58, was
named after the late President McKinley,
who was a member of the order. The
knights in this company are enthusiastic
military men and they propose to drill
until every one is so nearly perfect that
the most searching military judge or
critic will hardly be able to flr.d a flaw
The officers expect to recruit the company
up to one hundred. At a banquet, given
after the mustering in. Captain Samuels
the commander, stated that the company
will work to score 100 per cent in the com
petition. The officers are: M. A. Sam
uels, captain; E. W. Langenbach, first
lieutenant; M. C. Dunn, second lieutenant*
J. E. Bellam, recorder; E. M. Eisf elder',
treasurer; A. C. Dunn, first sergeant, and
E. S. Johnson, second sergeant.
He has also received the promise that
officers of the United States army will be
detailed as the judges and Inspectors.
The major general has received Intima
tion that other prizes will be offered by
individuals and firms, but these cannot
now be "named.
No company will be entitled to a prize
unless it participates with its full comple
ment of men in the general parade and. in
the inspection and review.
tion for the distance prizes, whether they
enter the competitive drill or not.
SAN JOSE, May 9.— The Investigation of
the charges of ' extortion and blackmail
against Police Commissioner Andrew S.
Mackenzie and his colleagues before the
Council this evening was not without
comedy features^ After three and a half
hours' deliberation the accused was found
not guilty of the fourth charge. This was
the one wherein Henry E. Miller accused
Mackenzie of using his official position to
take city work and contracts to a foun
dry which he was alleged to have owned.
The chamber was crowded . and many
were unable to gain admittance. It waa
a Mackenzie crowd, and it applauded
every move in favor of the Commission
er. The Council decided to pass the first
three charges— these alleging the assess
ing of firemen for political purposes,
which Implicated John D. Mackenzie, the
collecting of "protection" money from
gamblers and the extortion of theater
passes— and take up the last one. At t the
opening of the meeting a communication
was read from forty-eight members of
the Fire Department, declaring they had
rever paid any money to the Chief of the
department or others for political or other
purposes under threats of expulsion.
Miller and his counsel were caught nap
ning and had no prepared testimony bear
ing upon the first charge taken up. The
method of procedure was objected to by
Attorney Flrebaugh, and several sharp
altercations occurred between him and
Attorney Cothran. Attorney Firebaugh
then sought to introduce evidence by
calling William F. Tennant, a fireman. It
was only through Tennant's quick an
swers that anything was elicited. He
said he had paid a political assessment,
but he got no further, as his testimony
was obiected to.
. After much wrangling Firebaugh called
Andrew S. Mackenzie. - Attorney Cothran
refused to allow, his client to take the
stand for the prosecution, and City At
torney Patridge decided that Mackenzie
could not be compelled to testify. Miller's
attorneys then offered to waive the
charge that Mackenzie had thrown city
work to his alleged foundry and proceed
with the others, but the Council refused
to accede to this. •
Attorney Cothran produced a court reo
iord showing that, although Mackenzie
had inherited the foundry from his
mother's estate, he had transferred it to
his sister. This went on
The Council took a short recess, after
which it brought in a verdict finding An
drew S. Mackenzie not guilty' of the
charpe, and that he did not own the
foundry.
-. An adjournment was taken until Mon
day night, when the Council-will take up
the charge of extorting theater passe3
from C P. Hal!.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All of the men involved In the, tragedy
came to the mine but recently. Tavano
arrived in March from San Francisco.
He la about 30 years of age. Englehardt
was unarmed when he was attacked.
Tavano's caseknlfe was found on his
bed, but the miner's candlestick with
which the murder had been committed
had disappeared. Tavano took his pis
tol with him and has fled to the moun
tains. Bloodhounds will be put on his
trail. :
When the news of the murder was re
ceived Deputy Sheriff Walters was not
long in capturing Perferino and Fran
chinetti. He then started In pursuit of
Tavano. /?
NAP A, May 9.— Oathill mine, twelve
miles from Calistoga, was the scene of
a brutal murder last night. Charles En
glehardt, a German, was stabbed through
the heart with a miner's candlestick by
a fellow laborer. Deputy Sheriff John
Walters, foreman at the mine, brought
the news to Napa this morning at 7
o'clock, having come from. Calistoga tb
notify Sheriff Dunlap of the tragedy. Joe
Perferino and A. Franchinetti are under
arrest at v the mine. Antonio Tavano, a
third suspect, made his escape and up
to this morning the officers here had
not been notified by Sheriff Dunlap of
his capture. Englehardt was attacked
by all three and it is not known which
man did the killing, though suspicion
points to Tavano.
Tavano went to Englehardt's bunkhouse
last night with Franchinetti and Per
ferino and attacked Englehardt. A few
minutes later the fighters adjourned to
the outside. There Englehardt was
knocked down and his three assailants
began pounding him. It was during this
scrimmage that one of the three m»n
stabbed the prostrate man.
During the quarrel in the bunkhouse
Tavano had drawn a caseknlfe and was
about to plunge it into Englehardt's back,
when he was persuaded not to do so by
Perferino. The latter, in his cell to-night,
claimed he also acted as peacemaker on
the outside.
I Special Dispatch to The Call.
San Jos6 Council Takes
{ Up Investigation of
Scandal.
All of the Injured were delegates to
the biennial convention of women's clubs
in Los Angeles.
After the vehicle had overturned the
four horses broke loose and made a fran
tic run down the main drive thoroughfare.
They collided with and upset a carriage
In which Mrs. Hibberd was driving. She
was violently thrown to the curbing,
striking on her head.
. Five others are under the care of a
physician, who refuses to allow them, to
be seen, and they absolutely refuse to
give their names, as they do not desire
to alarm relatives In the East.
Mrs. Jewell of Philadelphia, arm broken
in two places.
Mrs. P." F. Hlbberd of Redlands, skull
crushed; will probably die.
Mrs. Ballinger of Galveston, bruised and
cut; not seriously.
Miss Jones of Galveston, bad cat over
the eyes.
Mrs. Schrimp of Philadelphia, badly
bruised.
Miss .Crawford of Philadelphia, severely
cut and bruised.
REDLANDS, May 9.-A seriou3 acci
dent occurred here this afternoon on
England Heights, one of the show places
of Redlands. A party of Galveston peo
ple were taking a drive over Smiley and
England Heights In a tally-ho, when a
brake broke and the four horses started
on a wild race down the mountainside.
Coming Into Cajon street, the main thor
oughfore of Redlands, a mile above tlwn,
at a sharp turn in the road the tally-ho
struck the street railroad track and over
turned. The lead horses broke loose and
ran Into town. Help soon waa at hand
and released the people from under ths
coach. Doctors were summoned and the
injured carried Into neighboring houses.
All were more or less Injured, including
nine women, two men and the driver of
the coach. All the party were from Gal
veston, Texas, save three from Philadel
phia. The more seriously injured are:
Mrs. Koppern.of Galveston, thigh bro
ken and ankle crushed; limb will be am
putated; may die.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Outing of Eastern
Sightseers.
Runaway Disaster Ends
Three Oathill Mine Em
pioyes Take Life of
Comrade.
MACKENZIE WINS
FIRST SKIRMISH
BRUTAL MURDER
NEAR CALISTOGA
TUOLUMNE, May 9.— J. Stark, a vete
ran of the civil war, is dying here as the
result of a peculiar accident on Wednes
day. A steel splinter knocked from a
wedge penetrated his left leg and severed
the femoral artery. Stark is said to have
rich relatives In Maryland.
Steel Splinter Severs Artery.
OFFICERS OF A NEW COMPANY OF THE UNIFORM RANK OF THE
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS THAT EXPECTS TO CARRY OFF ONE OF
THE CASH PRIZES.
Marvelous Escape From Death.
KESWICK, May 9.— John Hayes, his
sister-in-law and two small children had
a miraculous escape from drowning near
Hunter yesterday. They attempted to
cross Cold Fork at a point where the
bridge had been washed away and when
in midstream their buggry was upset.
Hayes, with a baby in his arms, was im
prisoned in the buggy top. The 5-year
old girl, was hurled Into the turbulent
water and carried down stream a hun
dred yards, where the little one had
presence of mind enough to grasp and
hold on to some willows until help came.
The mother clung to the buggy until
assistance arrived, when she was carried
ashore and the vehicle was rishted, re
leasing Hayes and the baby, who had
been imprisoned for almost a half hour.
REPORTS received from various
parts of the United States show
that there will not be less than
ten thousand members of the
Uniform Rank of the Knights of
Pythias in this city during encampment
week in August. *
Major General Carnahan has Issued the
following list of prizes prepared "by the
California Grand Lodge of Knights of
Pythias, to be competed for by the vari
ous organizations at the encampment:
Class A open and free to all companies of
the Uniform Rank— First prize, for proficiency
In drill $1500; second prize, $800; third prize.
$700; fourth prize. $C00; for best company com
mander. Jewel of honor, $100/
Class B, open to all companies that have
never won a prize at a Supreme Encampment —
First prize for proficiency in drill, $tX)O: second
prize $500; third prize, $3C0; tT best company
commander,' Jewel of honor, $100.
Class C open to all companies of the Uni
form Rank organized since August, 1900, and
less than two years old at the time of the
encampment— First prize, for proficiency in
drill. $600; second prize, $500; third prize. $300;
for best company commander. Jewel of .honor,
$100.
Cavalry prize, open to all cavalry troops of
the Uniform Rank. The same rules as to mem
bers and participation in the parade, inspection
and review .are to be applied as are applied
to infantry companies — First prize, $600; second
prize, $300. Should only one troop appear it
shall be entitled to both prizes.
Artillery prize, open to all batteries of ar-
MORGAN IN CONTKOIi
OF THE CUNARD I/INE
English Shipping Man Tells of the
Purchase of the Trans- Atlantic
Vessels.
BALTIMORE, May 9.— William Phik
ney of Sutherland, England, who is the
managing director of the Neptune line of
steamers from Baltimore , to Rotterdam
and Amsterdam, and who is now in this
city, said to-day that the Morgan steam
ship syndicate has bought the Cunard
line. Pinkney's line was made an offer
for Its ships but refused to sell at the
price offered. Since that time he has been
in close touch with the operations of the
Morgan syndicate and he states positive
ly that the Cunard line has been absorbed
and that his information is such as may
be relied upon.
The Neptune line is still open to the of
fers of the Morgan syndicate, according
to Plnkney. He says the nine steamships
owned by the company can be bought for
the same price that was paid for the
L»yland line. The Neptune line has re
cently sold one of its fastest ships, the
Morena, to tho Austrian Government, to
be used in Japanese waters. ,
LONDON, May 9.— It is said the Gov
ernment has instructed the law officers
of the Crown to examine the agreements
ancl documents connected with the ship
ping combine. Owing to the deep interest
excited by this matter the Government
will give a day for the debate of the sub
ject In Parliament
Stabs Herself With a Hatpin.
TUOLUMNE, May 9.— Because she had
quarreled with her husband, ; Mrs. L.
Oliver locked herself in a room late yes
terday afternoon and stabbed herself In
the left breast with a rusty hatpin six
inches long. The steel just: missed the
heart, but her life is in danger from in
flammation. The pin was found .sticking
In her breast when the door was broken
in. - .-, ' ¦• ¦ ¦ ; ¦-•:- ¦ '.. .¦¦ >.-':
Whitney's Derby Entry CJpmingHorae
LONDON, May 9.— William C. Whit
ney's former Derby candidate,. Nastur
tium, has left Newmarket on its way
back to the United States. The American
colt has . never been quite right since
shortly' after Jts arrival in England. ;
TALLY-HO DASHES
DOWN MOUNTAIN
In the reviewing stand sat General
George Stone, department commander;
Adjutant General Mastellar, Judge Advo
cate Dibble, Major General \V. R. Shaf
ter, U. S. A., retired, and Governor Henry
T. Gage.
The Ladies' Relief Corps this afternoon
elected Mrs. Ida S. Jarvis of Pasadena
president and Mrs. G. W. Randall of Han
ford senior vice president.
The choice of the next place of meeting
of the encampment lies between Sacra
mento and San Jose, with the chances in
favor of Sacramento.
The ladies of the Relief Corps tendered
the old veterans a reception to-night, t
The death of T. P. Hartwell, member
of Post No. 33, San Diego, was announced
to the encampment by telegraph.
A feature of the second day of the en
campment was the military parade this
forenoon. Promptly at 10 o'clock the di
visions formed, with the Hanford concert
band in the lead. Then, - following four
companies of National Guards, in com
mand of Major George W. Stewart, came
a carriage containing General Shafter.
Governor Gage, Judge A. J. Buckles and
Colonel Henry C. Dibble. The Los An
geles drum corps preceded the Grani
Army of the Republic members. The fol
lowing posts were represented: George
H. Thomas Post No. 2 of San Francisco,
with twenty members of Lincoln Post;
Rollins Post No. 23 of Stockton, Phil
Sheridan Post No. 7 of San Jose, John A.
Dix Post No. 42 of San Jose, McPherson
Post No. 51 of Hanford, Stanton Post No.
55 6f Los Angeles, Atlanta Post No. 92
of Fresno and . General George Wright
Post No. Ill of Visalia. The Hanford
Grammar School children, numbering 600,
and their teachers, under command of
Professor C. C. Childress, acted as es
corts to the Grand Army division. Civic
societies and citizens in carriages fol
lowed. It is estimated that 8IXW spectators
witnessed the parade. '
At to-day's session the delegates from
California to the National Encampment
were Instructed to labor, to bring the Na
tional Encampment of 1903 ana the Na
tional Assembly of the Sons of Veterans
to San Francisco.
HANFORD, May 9.— Major W. G. Haw
ley, of San Jose was this afternoon elected
department commander of the Grand
Army of the Republic, department of Ne
vada and California. General M. T, Al
len of Los Angeles was his only competi
tor. There were no contests for the other
places. The new officers are:
Commander — Major W. G. Hawley of. San
Jose.
Senior vice commander — H. R. Campbell,
Rawllns Post No. 23, Stockton.
Junior vice commander — Peter Van Valer,
McPherson Post No. SI, Hanford.
Medical director — J. W. Corey, Sumner Post
No. 3. Sacramento. *
Chaplain — Kev. C. A. Munn, Atlanta Post
No. U-, Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Governor Gage and General
Shatter View the Grand
Army Parade.
tlllery of the Uniform Rank, best exhibition
drill (mounted) and appearance to govern —
First prize. $500; second prize. $300. Should
only one battery appear It shall be entitled to
both prizes. , . • .
• Distance prizes, for all companies composed
of not less than twenty-nine officers and
Klnghts Loyal attending the encampment from
the greatest distance, and participating in 'the
parade and inspection — First prize, $400; second
prize. $200.
Companies will not be permitted to'enter
the competitive I drill in more, than one
class and the choice of class must be
made when the entry is made. There will
be no changes from one class to another
after the entry is made. All com
panies will' be. considered in the competi-
Veterans Encamped at
Hanford Name New
Officers.
SELECT HAWLEY
FOR COMMANDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
Major General Carnahan Issues-a List of the Prizes to Be
Competed For by the Uniform Rank of Pythians Dur
ing Grand Conclave to Be Held in This City Next August
TEN THOUSAND KNIGHTS
TO ATTEND ENCAMPMENT
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
It is now a settled fact that dandruff is
caused by a germ. Falling hair and bald-
ness are the result of dandruff. Dr. E. J.
Beardsley of Champaign, 111., got hold of
the new hair preparation, Newbro's Herp-
icide — the only one tha% kills the dandruff
germ. He says: "I used Herpiclde for my
dandruff and falling hair, and I am well
satisfied with the result.". Dr. J. T. Fu-
gate of Urbana, 111., sayB: "I have used
Herpiclde for dandruff with excellent re-
sults. I shall prescribe It in my practice."
Herpiclde kills the dandruff germ. Physi-
I clans as well as the general public say so.
Inside of Polk Street.
137:6x137:6. SUNNY CORNER.
Rents $4284 a Year.
This Pays 7 Per Cent Net.
Thomas Magee&Sons,
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
r/tl/trP Desirable location,
I llltlvv unsurpassed cuisine,
. unequaled ser-
slftn v "" e an( * modern
tlllll conveniences are the
~ .j attributes that have
||f*Of|/1 made these two ho-
VlluilU tels popular with
II i t tourists and travel-
HaiPIC ers wno vh\t San
IlUlvid Francisco.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and_Copking.'
There U no fuel that will compare with coke.
Delivered In any. quantity. Country orders
solicited. P. A. MCDONALD. 813 Folaom at.
TO AUTHORS SEEKING A PUBLISHER.—
.Manuscripts In all branches of literature,
suitable (or publication In book form, are re-
quired by an established house. Liberal terms.
No charge for examination. Prompt attention
and honorable treatment. "BOOKS," box
i lit. The Herald, 23rd St.. Ifew York.
._ _^ _ i . -^_ ¦ __-_ -_¦'¦_._-_¦'¦_-•-_-_ -_ BTisEM:Ei^ s>
...TO-DAY...
.-'-/¦
Walking Skirts < ¦. fiffifof
i/\^,M\ Worth $4 and $6 for (WvyX)
¦ wXo -¦$ 1 «95 ' $3.90 • Pfvy
(hJl : \J**J^* Koch ¥~ stt*Yt r "¦
I V We present to-day what we. believe to be ***** i /
/ " * ;\ \ ' the most MARVELOUS SKIRT OFFER ever J ] I
/%.] :• \ \ advertised by any house. On account of over- y^x] ?/
///M, !' \\ production by one of the chief skirt makers of -y y }/*-\\^
f////If : h< ''¦ New York, the entire lot was sacrificed to clear j/%Z JL V
/ ''///ffmi^&4\\^\ stock for summer - goods, and we are therefore &^*y\^~f. X
d^W'/f/lllrtv^ 1^ enabled to announce for TO-DAY the most S ££V -^V$
X*^/- , # < Is phenomenal Skirt bargains of the year. The
... a., y^ quality "of the materials will surprise you, as you N^^va^S^^^
, could not purchase the goods alone for what we - M
ask for the Skirt in its completed form. - W '
r^ r%f\ Women's Walking Skirts, just like <Z£ 4 Q *T» Women's Walking Skirt, like Illus-
3© W.SsHJ? cut at left, are made of a superior ,«** M '^-^ tration at right, are made of excel-
Kj EACH grade all-wool Cheviot, in Light, * ar J ckJr/tfn lent wool Melton, in medium and
Medluin and Dark Gray; also Black; have graduated . °£™L ° , f l °,? ray: c ? t .K n J he new fl ? rtn S flounce
five-gore flounce with tucks and 16 rows of stitching. pe ;™i t V2 A° w , s ot st " chIn s: «e perfectly finished.
The best fitting and finished Skirt imaginable; reaUy !5?- c 25 a A a & ? u Klzes » and waistbands; the biggest
worth $6 00 each. " . « k i r i t ba rgaln f or months and months; they are worth
200 Wash Dress Skirts At Ai» 0St
A grand . opportunity to-day to secure a fashionable Summer Dress Skirt at /ft A O ET
almost half price. They are made of Grass Linen and Denim, in Tan. Blue and W A m Ztr\
Oxford; also of the best Galatea In Navy, with dainty polka spots; all of them T|^ I wam *r .
are finished with graduated Spanish flounce and are prettily stitched In the very • C1J 1 c 9p i.
latest style; immense bargain. Skirts that are worth $2 00 and $2 25 for ,
. — '
Sale of Gloves To=Day
1 $1.25 Gloves for To-Day. * .
We Place on sale for a SPECIAL, LEADER 50 dozen HIGH GRADE LADIES' KID GLOVES, flft CT /-^
a rpeular $1 25 selling glove. They are made of the finest selected Kidsklns, are carefully sewn. A M &
with the latest stitched backs and fashionable clasps; in colors of Tan. Brown, Oxblood, Gray, K/ ITJP X^
MoflV "White and Black; in all sizes. On special sale to-day only for 95c pair.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED and FITTED IF DESIRED. p AIR
25c Each • 8r!tar wi ¦£! wifKit^ 50c Yard
AMUSEMENTS.
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c and 50c.
MR. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Presenting on a Grani Scale,
UNDER THE
RED^ROBE.
SUNDAY EVENING.
* Brcnson Howard's Powerful Comedy Drama,
ARtSTOCRACY.
SEATS SOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, May 10.
Parquet, any wat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
ELITE VAUDEVILLE!
Miss Julia Heinrich; Baymond and
Caverly; Hilda Thomas and Com-
pany; The Florenz Troupe; last
times of Milton and Dollie Nobles;
The Brothers Hoste; the Fiva
Nosses; Louise Dresser and the
Wilton Brothers.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP!
"THERE 1 S NO ARGUMENT^ ABOUT IT."
IT'S THE MUSICAL AND COMEDY HIT.
THE
SINGING GIRL
'; Never Before Ia Thlt City at These
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50e and 75c.
Telephone — Bush 9.
[FISCHER'S THEATER |
O'FutcU. bet. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
In It Says*
Deuteronomy, When
Chapter XXIV, a
Verse 5, Man
TAKES A NEW WIFE
He ehall not go out to war.
But no objection is made to his going to see
"FIDDLE i_>J=:ir: DEE"
The whole city lyinte to eee It. and nearly
everybody ie coming. But If you have not seen
It do not wait, otherwise you will have to stand
up. so great is the demand for seats.
Matinee to-day for 25c. Children to-day. 10c. !
And the matinee to-morrow, don't forget it ¦
please.
Belasco & Thall. Managers.
LAST 2 NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
THE BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION.
11 TH i] An American I
When the p isy|
Heart Was Young.
PRICES — Evenings. 15c. 25c.' 35c. 50c and
75c. Matinees— 15c. 25c. S5c and 50c, all w- ;
•served.
Monday NlrM — The Farce Comedy,
¦ LOST 2* HOURS.
Powell Bt.. near Market
LAST 2 PERFORMANCES.
MR, M. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN ELLIOTT
Matinee To-day— "AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
TO-NIGHT
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-OXE."
BEGrNNING NEXT MONDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW,
In "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
Et Eobert KtnbilJ, tsthor of "A &ot&1 family.'*
SEATS NOW READY.
PPtrcC Evenings.. $2. $160. «1. 75c. 50c. 25c
I AlWtJ Mutln'O fl BO SI TRe 50c 25o
BPECIAL— MaOnees Next Week.
WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY.
BELASCO amo TfzAltSsfcjrftf*
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
The Funniest of All Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
The Richest Play of Its Kind.
GREAT SPECIALTIES. ETC.
PROF. EOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
RAGTIME FLORODORA SEXTET
All Thla Week — The Talk of the City.
tDirCC Evenlscs 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c. 80s
rKltLJ Matinees 10c. 15c, 23c
Kext VTeek— "THE WORLD."
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
UlST TWO NIGHTS OF
TD£ LEATHER PATCH.
Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
America's Greatest Author- Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN
Xn Mr. H&rrigan's Clever Comedy,
"Reilly and the 400."
POPULAR PRICES 10c, 15c, 25c, 60c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seat* All Matlneea 25c.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE KVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
JACK NORWORTH. THE CLIPPER QUAR-
TET. GORMAN AND KEPPLER, PETCH-
INO BROTHERS. FRED STUBER, GRANT
AND GRANT AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BEAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
2:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND TS.10S ANBELES.
RECREATION PARK,
EiChth and Harrison sts.
Advance Hale of Seatn.' 5 Stockton rt.
Weekly Cali.$1.00 per Year
Jap Ten because the strength g yt ©> wk
Jjp and health giving properties \ TTr»\itf f||
II of the grain and fruit are in fl * r O y - V If
Sa state o f solution and | 5 • W
are therefore quicklyab- if *J_V.&\ilS gMAt the regular monthly meeting of, the
directors of the Society, for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, . held yesterday,
Secretary White reported that | during the
last, month -out of 180 children : Involved
eighty-nine have been given relief , thirty
four placed In ¦ Institutions . and four , ' in
private famlles. ' Eleven persons -have
been prosecuted . for cruelty ¦ to ¦ children
and six ' of them have been , convicted.
Henry Cowell was. unanimously elected to
life membership In the society. - • -
Many Children Are Believed.
MAINS' TRIAL SET.— The trial of Charles
Ti. Mains has been set in the United States
District Court for next Thursday. Mains has
been indicted for using the mails for the pur
pose of defrauding Dr. Bennett of Wasseon,
Ohio.
We give special attention to prevailing
forms and engrave visiting cards, wed
dln? invitations and announcements cor
rectly and reasonably. Monograms,
crests and address dies made to order.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Wedding Invitations.
The Pioneer Women of California, an
organization of those who came to this
State in 1849. 1850, 1851 and 1852, have sent
out invitations to their friends to attend
a reception to be given in Golden Gate
Hall on Saturday, the 17th inst.. from
2 to 6 p. in.
Pioneer Women's Eeception.
The charter framers evidently Intended, ¦ in
my opinion, that the. dollar' limit should only
be exceeded when through- fife, ¦ pestilence," war
or some similar calamity the city suffered so
seriously or was perhaps /in '; such? immediate
danger as to make It Imperative that • extra
ordinary taxes should be, levied. Thls^emerr
gency provision of • the charter should certainly
be availed of with the greatest caution, , and
If the courts were to hold. that It was not the
absolute duty of the city -to meet these; obli
gations out of a single levy I am ' quite ; confi
dent they would not regard -this as such. an
"emergency" as the charter requires. to justify
a higher tax levy than that expressly fixed
therein. - - ¦ • - ¦ : ' '.: '
In view of the very explicit limitations
placed upon the tax rate .by the charter and
because of the further fact. that it does not.ap
pear to me to be mandatory . that . the ¦ entire
debt of the municipality should be canceled In
one year, I am unwilling to advise that a tax
levy In. which the Board, of Supervisors Bhould
provide for such claims outside j of the . dollar
limit would be valid as. to such, excess. . • ' >
An opinion of City Attorney Lane was
unearthed yesterday in the office "of the
Board of Supervisors which may make
impossible the passage of the proposed
ordinances providing for the levying of. a
tax outside of the dollar limit, of 7^ cents
for new schoolhouses^and sites and '1V2
cents for a new City and Countv Hospital.
While the opinion relates to the tax levy
for the payment of old claims against the
city. It declares In effect against the.legal
ity of levying a tax outside, of the dollar
limit for any purpose whatever.": In his
opinion Lane says: ; ;. ; . ¦
MAY PREVENT
AN EXTRA LEVY
There is an extremely interesting New York
letter In to-day's San Francisco News Letter,
giving gossip about a dozen or more California
literary people who have settled in Gotham.
The Btorjr this week is " A Story of Some
Fibs," a bright, sparkling little sketch. The
Looker-On department has a story of the late
Admiral Sampson, besides other timely matter
"Over the Long Distance" is a bright and
jingly bit of verse. W. O. McGeehan has a
very original sketch, and "Rubbertasie" is an
amusing description of a new disease peculiar
to San Franciscans. Betsy Bird's gossip is full
of good things, and "Campaign Echoes" is
a correct summing up of the political situation
The paper Is full of miscellaneous brilliancy"
Politics, finance. ¦ literature and the drama are
ably treated. The society department is a
complete and authentic record of the move
ments of the smart eet. - . - •
To-Day's News Letter.
The deaths from chloroform anaesthesia
are. one to each 3749 administrations.
But from high grade, selected Barley,
Malt and imported Hops all our beers are
brewed. . That guarantees their purity.
Besides this, they are all aged untu ruuy
ripened, thus wholesomeness is added to
purity. These are the characteristics of
the Budwelser, Michelob, Faust, Exquis
ite, Pale-Lager, Anheuser-Standard. Black
& Tan and Export Pale, brewed by An
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n, St. Louis
U. S. A. Orders promptly filled by E. G
Lyons & Raas Co., wholesale dealers, San
Francisco. •
Not From .Corn,
Judge Murasky Revokes Letters of
Administration Granted Upon
the Cobbler's Estate.
The letters of administration, upon the
estate of William Waterson, the cobbler,
granted to Public Administrator Patrick
Boland on the supposition that Waterson
had been drowned, were revoked by Judge
Murasky yesterday, •;. and a citation was
issued directing Waterson to appear be
fore Judge Murasky • Monday to show
cause "why he Is alive."
The remarkable story of Waterson's dis
appearance last October, the finding of
the remains of a man answering his de
scription in the bay and the identification
of the remains as those of Waterson, and
his reappearance in the land of the living
on the 7th lnst. was told in the Call of
Friday. The question now to be. decided
is whether Waterson shall have to bear
the expense of the funeral accorded the
remains found In the bay or whether It
shall come out of the pockets of Boland.
President, Meyer Jacobs; vice presidents. Dr.
Henry Gibbons Jr. and John A- Clover; eecre
tary. George W. Lewis; chairman of campaign
and organization committee, Norman W. Hall;
chairman of finance committee, George B.
Ktane. Xorman W. Hall stated during a
epeech that at a later meeting he wcmld ap
point twenty-one captains for the twenty-one
precincts and more than 400 chiefs of blocks.
The Republican Primary League Club
of the Forty-second Assembly District has
elected the following officers:
League Club Elects Officers.
The cross-examination of ; Hattle By
num, the complaining" witness, Was con
cluded, and* Mrs. Margaret Harris of 1017
Mason street testified that the defendant
had paid all of Miss Bynum's expenses
at a private hospital. The girl's mother,
Mrs. Clara Bynum, and Mrs. T. B. Mor
ton, testified as to the girl's good char
acter. -The case .will go on again this
morning. ,
Judge Cabaniss took occasion - to ex
press surprise that no letters had been
introduced to support the allegation of a
promise of marriage, as he had been
led to understand by Attorney Caldwell
that they were in existence. Caldwell
denied that, he had made such a state
ment.
When the case of Rev. James H. Kelley
of the Third Colored Baptist Church,
charged with betrayal under promise of
marriage, was resumed before Judge j Ca
baniss yesterday afternoon the courtroom
was thronged with members, of the con
gregation. The attorneys asked that .the
courtroom be cleared, and the Judge's
refusal to make the order was met i with
applause. The spectators , were notified,
however, that any applause or laughter
would result in the courtroom being
. cleared.
"With Members of Defendant's
Congregation.
Judge Cabaniss' Courtroom Crowded
INTEREST MANIFESTED IN
REV. J. H. XELXEY'S TRIAL,
Surgery, George H. ' Palmer, M. D., chair
man, San Francisco — E. C. Buell, M. D., Los
Medical education, statistics and necrology,
George H. Martin, M. D., chairman, San
Francisco — Willella Howe Waffle, M. D., Santa
Ana, "Practice What We Preach"; "Guy E.
Manning, M. D., San Francisco. "Homeo
pathic Institutions": Herbert M. Bishop, M.
D., Los Angeles, "The Equities of Practical
Medicine"; George H. Martin, M. D., San
F^nclsco, "Preventive Medicine."
In memoriam — Francis B. Kellogg, M. D.,
Los Angeles, "J. C. Kirkpatrlck, M. D."; Guy
E. Manning, M. D., San Francisco, "Dr. A. C.
Hart."
Obstetrics. Florence N. Ward, M. D., chair
man San Francisco — F. S. Barnard, M. D.,
Los Amreles. "Premature Labors"; Susan J.
Fenton. M. D.. Oakland, "Eclampsia"; E. C.
Buell, M. D., Los Angeles; Florence N". Ward,
M. D., San Francisco, "A Series of Unusual
Obstetrical Cases."
of the secretary, directors, board of ex
aminers, censors and committee on. legis
lation. ' )
The committee of arrangements consists
of James W. Ward. M.D. (chairman),
Charles Lewis Tlsdale. M.D., Eleanor F.
Martin, M.D., and H. R. Arndt, M.D., and
plans are being made to make the session
a memorable one both professionally and
socially. A banquet to be tendered by the
physicians of San Francisco, Oakland and
Alameda to the visiting- members and
their friends will be the feature of one
evening. A programme of papers to be
road by the members and subdivided into
bureaus has been prepared as follows.
Bureau of ophthalmology, otology and laryn
gology, A. J. Forget, M. D.. of Los Angeles,
chairman ; papers by F. B. Kellogg. M. D. ; W.
E. Waddell. M. D. ; George H. Richardson, M.
Hygiene and sanitary science, Thomas O.
McConkey, M. D.. chairman, San Francisco —
William Simpson. M. D.. San Jc»s, "The
Health Office and Tuberculosis"'; W. J.
Hawkes, M. D., Los Angeles, "Improper Feed
ing as a Cause of Disease"; J. J. Miller, M.
D., San Jose; "European Notes," James W.
Ward, M. D., San Francisco. . •
Anatomy, physiology and pathology (includ
ing microscopy and histology), Guy E. Man
ning-, M. D., chairman, San Francisco — Bur
leigh Parkhurst, M. D.. Los Angeles, "Diag
nostic Sluniflcance of the Gonococcus" : How
ard B. Gates, M. D., San Jose, "Eplthellma
and the X-Ray"; Pliny R. Watts, M. D., Sac
ramento: Guy E. Manning, M. D.. San Fran
cisco, "Physioloulcal Advancement."
Materia medica and provings, W. J. Hawkes,
M. D., chairman, Los Angeles— H. R. Arndt,
M. D., San Francisco, "The Proving of
Druss"; Thomas G. McConkey, M. D., Ban
Francisco, "Is Hahnemann's Teaching Anti
quated?"; H. L. Stambach, M. D... Santa Bar
bara; W. J. . Hawkes, M. D., Los Angeles,
"Cases From Practice, With Verifications of
Characteristics": J x M. Selfridge, M. D.. Oak
land. "The Dose": W. E. Ledyard, M. D.,
Kunol Glen, "A Plumbum Case and Its Differ
entiation." "
PAEERS ON HYGIENE.
Angeles. "Rest"; E. R. Bryant. M. D., San
Francisco. "Injuries of the Skull"; George M.
Palmer, M. D., San Francisco, "Methods of
Cure of Inguinal Hernia and Observation
Thereon." ' , • i
Committee on legislation — Charles Lewis Tls
dale. M. D.. chairman. Alameda; H. R. Arndt.
M. D.. 8an Diego; George H. Martin. M. D.,
San Francisco; Pliny R. Watts, M. D.. Sacra
mento; C. B. Dickson, M. D., .Los Angeles.
WATEBSON WXLI, APPEAB
AND EXPT/AIN- ABSENCE
Board of directors — J. M. S»lfridge. M. D.,
Oakland; William Boerlcke. M.- D.. San Fran
cIeco: Charles Lewis Tlsdale, M. D., Alameda;
A. C. Peterson. M. D., San Francisco: Sidney
Worth, : M. D.. . San. Francisco,
Board of examiners — Charles Lewis Tlsdale.
M. D/, Alameda; E. C. Buell, M. D., Los An
geles.
Alternate — Guy . E. Manning, M. D., San
Francisco. . .
President, William -Boericke. M. D.. San
Francisco; first vice president, E. C. Manning,
M. D., Loa Angeles; second .vice president, Pliny
R. Watts. M. D. Sacramento;'secretary, Elea
nor F. Martin. M. D.. San Francisco; treas
urer. .Charles Lewis Ti8dale, M. D., Alameda.
Board of censors — Pliny M. Watts. M. D.,
Sacramento; Guy E. Manning. M. D. t San Fran
cisco: Francis B. Kellogg, M. D., Los Ange
les; W. E. Waddell, M. D., Los Angeles; Henry
L-. Stambach, M. D., Santa Barbara.
The present officers of the society are:
OFFICERS OF SOCIETY.
Bureau of paediatrics, Willella Howe Waffle.
M. D. chairman; papers by. F. F. Laird. M. D..
of Los Angnles; George H. Martin, M. D.. of
San Francisco, and W. H. Waffle, M. D., of
Santa Ana.
¦ Bureau' of mehtaj and nervous diseases. H.
R. -Arndt. M. D.. chairman;, papers by George
H. Martin.- M.-D.. of San Francisco; and M. B.
Campbell of Patton.
Bureau of gynaecology, F. S. Barnard, M.
D., chairman ;. papers .by . James . W. . Ward, M.
D. ; George H. Palmer, M. D. ; Pliny R. Watts.
M D., of. Sacramento, and F. S. Barnard,
M. D.
.... ' -¦ 0 . -
D. : A. J. Forget, M/ D./ of. Los Angeles, an<3
William Simpson, M. D., of, San Jose.
Bureau of clinical medicine ';and- electricity,
A K. Crawford, M.'D., chairman: papers by
Sidney Worth, M. D.. of San Francisco; C. H.
Walter." M." D., of San Jose: F.' F. Laird. M.
D.. of Los Angeles, and A. K. Crawford. M. D.
Mrs. Hugh Tevls and mother, Mrs.
Baxter, have returned to Monterey. They
will soon remove to Denver.
Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Brook Perkins
(nee Huntlngton) are at San Ysldro, San
ta Barbara, and It is their present inten
tion to return to this city before leaving
for. New York.
. Miss Grace Laws entertained at lunch
eon Tuesday at her home, 1517 Jackson
street. The guests of honor were Lieu
tenant and Mrs. O. P. Robinson. The
other guests were: Mrs. J. J. Bradley,
Mrs. Rose Laws, Miss Orth, Miss Rock
and the Misses Laws. . .
The reception to have been given at the
Ebell Club rooms next Wednesday in
honor of the State Federation officers has
been canceled, .owing to the fact that the
Eastern delegates were obliged to take
an earlier train homeward than had been
at first apprehended. *
The last assembly and german of the
Winter Cotillion Club was held last even
ing at Cotillion Hall. More than 100
guests "were i present and all thoroughly
enjoyed the dance. The german was led
by Mr. and Mrs. George E. Bennett. The
two figures of the german were "fleur de
lis" and "winter cotillion." The hall was
decorated with ferns and garlands of
green. The dancing continued until 12
o'clock. Those in the first set were: Mr.
and Mrs. J. Frank Jewell, C. Ray Bar
ney, H. R. Swain, C. R. Stewart, C. E.
Haas, Miss Grace Saunders, Miss Lily,
Miss Watch, Miss Rogers.
/:'-.•¦>• '•/'¦>
The Deutscher Club May party at Gol
den Gate Hall *on Thursday evening was
a great success. Two hundred guests
were present, the ladles, appearing in the
daintiest of summer gowns. , Miss Cum
isky received the prize offered for the
lady wearing the most eirective lawn cos
tume. Miss Salvini of the Orpheum and
Mr. Cunningham, Ferris Hartman and
Mr. Cashman of the Tlvoli entertained
the guests with musical numbers, accom
panied by Paul Stelndorf.
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breeden (nee But
ler) entertained a number of friends yes
terday afternoon at her new residence,
2714 Broadway. Ping-pong was ¦ the fea
ture of amusement and the afternoon was
delightfully spent. The decorations were
simple and artistic. Refreshments were
served. ;
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF CALI
FORNIA STATE HOMEOPATHIC
MEDICAL SOCIETY.
Letters were also received from R. Cor
nelius, president Division No. 205, and Ar
thur Holland, acting president of the
United Railways, in which acknowledg
ments were made of the receipt of com
mendatory resolutions adopted by the
league.
streetcar strike. Again thanking you for your
very thoughtful consideration, and with as
surances of high regard, I beg to remain, yours
very sincerely,
E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor.
Hon. Thomas P. Woodward, president Re
publican Primary League: Mr. President and
gentlemen, permit me to acknowledge receipt of
copy of resolutions adopted by the honorable
board of directors of tHe Republican Primary
League at their meeting held on Friday, May
2, Indorsing my course as Mayor during the
recent street railway strike and to .Express to
you my sincere appreciation of your gen
erous approval of my actions and at
titude respecting this industrial controversy.
It is extremely pleasant to me to learn of the
substantial terms In which you have com
mended my official efforts, and, indeed, your
thoughtful encouragement has been a great aid
to me when confronted with the solution of the
municipal problems involving the welfare of
the great number of individuals, and valuable
property interests, affected during the recent
The regular meeting of the directors of
the Primary League was held last night
at the headquarters, 16 Geary street.
Charles Sutro Jr. was elected a director
of the league. The following letter from
Mayor Schmitz was received in reply to
a resolution of the league, adopted at the
last meeting:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 8, 1902.
Republican Primary League.
GUESTS ENJOY
AN AFTERNOON
AT PING-PONG
Gage has a few more crumbs of pat
ronage to bestow. A place on the Board
of Prison Directors would fill the measure
of Charles Sonntag's ambition. Sonntag Is
one of the smallest of small fry office
seekers, yet Gage might justly be accused
of ingratitude If he failed to reward this
place-hunter, because Sonntag is willing
to render the Governor nearly any kind of
service desired in return for a Prison Di
rectorship.
Billy Herrin, manager of the Southern
Pacific Company's political bureau, has
agents of his own In the field. He is not
willing to accept estimates of Gage's
strength which come from Johnny Mac
kenzie. Dan Kevane, Alec Truman, Jack
Tyrrell, Ed Niles and Ben Fehaeman. Re
ports received by Herrin from his own
trusted agents do not confirm the stories"
told by the Burns push. On the contraryt
Herrin is confidentially apprised of the
fact that Gage's unpopularity is increas
ing. The lacn of Gage enthusiasm at the
San Jose convention was the thing that
caused Herrin to make an independent in
vestigation of political affairs in Califor
nia.
The Union League Club has tendered a
dinner to the Governor of New York. If
the much-banqueted visitor from the Em
pire State accepts the invitation to dine
with the league both Governor Gage and
Mayor Scnmitz will be invited to the
feast. The club of course must take the
risk incident to the presence of his Gage
ship. As M. H. de "Young is in Paris and
General Harrison Gray Otis in Los Ange
les the chances of a Gage disturbance are
somewhat diminished.
Citizens of the Empire State who may
be Interested in the welfare of their Gov
ernor are assured that famine does not
stare him in the face. Invitations to din
ner meet him at every curb. The feasting
of Governor Odell in ban Francisco will
lead off with a dinner at the Pacitic-
Cnion Club next Monday evening. The
giver of the banquet is K. \V. Harriman,
president of the Southern Pacinc Com
pany. Mayor .Eugene &. Scnmitz is one
of tne sixty invited guests.
It is current gossip tnat the distin
guished <jrovernor will, be the chief guest
a.t a dinner to be given by the .Mayor of
ban Francisco. The Mayor does not ro.ll
in the wealth of a Phelan, yet if he
should elect to convey the hospitality ot
isan .Francisco in tne shape of a banquet
the dinner given under his auspices
would surely ue a delightful lunction. tie
has tne true artistic conception of what
is fitting in form and color and he pos
sesses also the artist's appreciation of
music and flowers. A dinner given to
Governor Oaell under Mayor bchmitz's
immediate direction would be the poet's
idea of "a thing of beauty and a joy for
ever." With haif the money that a wealth
roller might squander in wine or waste
in grorgeous decoration an artist like the
Mayor could give a dinner that would af
ford intellectual delight to an apprecia
tive guest euch as the Governor of New
York. It might be quite in keeping witn
the proprieties of- the season tor the
to invite Governor Gage to the
dinner. One engaging in an enterprise —
even a beautiful enterprise — must now
and then assume a risk, and the Mayor
would have to take the chance of the
Governor doing something or saying
something to create a scene or an uproar.
Votes will cost 10 cents each and al
ready the young men have commenced' to
raise funds. Mrs. J. C. Flood of the
Academy booth will have charge of the
contest.
One of the attractions which is proving
most popular and is nightly drawing
flattering crowds is the Irish dance hall.
In this hall, which is in the gallery just
back of the art gallery, are executed
many of the old Irish jigs by dancers in
costume in a manner fit to make many
of the sons of Erin think of their younger
days when the lads and their lasses
danced beneath the trees . on Ireland's
green sward.
Superintendent Tidball is busy planning
new attractions and lje promises that the
best part of the programme Is yet to
come. It . has bfcen decided to hold a
grand carnival Thursday evening, May
22. A aueen will be chosen for the occa
sion. She will be crowned at 8:30 o'clock
in the evening and with her full retinue
will enter at once on . the pleasant duty
of ruling her subjects. It la expected
that the selection of a queen of beauty
and popularity great enough to entitle
her to adorn a throne of the exhibi
tion will occasion considerable rivalry.
A candidate : will be entered In the
race from each county and . proud will
that, county be which shall have the
honor of claiming her gracious majesty
as one of its fair daughters.
Thousands of people visited the fair
last night to view the attractions and to
be entertained by the ladies of Galway
and Kings County booths. The officers
of the Transvaal League of California
and a number of local Boer leaders were
present, the occasion being designated
"Boer night," In honor of t!he little South
African republic. In respect for the Boer
representatives the republic's nags were
fluttered from, the sides and tops of many,
of the booths. The band, under the di
rection of Professor Robert Allen, ren
dered a number of the Boer national
songs. ,
Galway's and King's booths both had
prepared delightful programmes of in
strumental and vocal music. The ladies
of these booths are working incessantly
for the success of the fair and their
efforts toward entertaining last night
were greatly appreciated.
•To-day the children will have g their
Inning at the festival. A special effort
will be made to please the little ones and
it is expected the pavilion will be crowded
with them. The merry-go-round, the
jaunting car and Punch and Judy will
all be at their best.
After one day's rest the Irish Fair, with
all Its artistic, representations of Erin's
historic castles and towers, with its vast
(Collection of fancy goods, rare curios and
beautiful articles, with its Irish dancers,
lightly and gracefully keeping step to the
spirited jig music, with its brilliant il
lumination and its still more brilliant
collection of Erin's fair daughters, was
again in full progress yesterday after
noon and last night. Each day and night
is adding to the~success of the great
festival.
E. H. Harriman Is to Lead Off
at 'the Pacific-Union
Glub.
Queen Will Be Selected to
Reign During Grand
Carnival.
Feasts Galore for the
Visiting Governor of
New York.
THE twenty-sixth annual session of
the California State Homeopathic
Medical Society will be held at
the Hotel del Monte, Monterey,
on Wednesday, May 14, and will
continue for three days. It Is expected
that more than two hundred delegates
from all parts of the State will be in at
tendance. The business to be transacted
includes the election of officers, the elec
tion of permanent, corresponding and
honorary members, the reading of reports
Superintendent Tidball
Is Planning Novel
Attraction.
California State Medical Society of This School to Convene for
Three Days, When Officers for Ensuing Term ' Will Be
Elected Interesting Papers Read by~ Many Delegates
HOMEOPATHS WILL ASSEMBLE
IN CONVENTION AT MONTEREY
OD ELL BANQUET
SEASON IS OPEN
GREAT CROWDS
AT IRISH FAIR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI^ SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
8
¦ OCBATT TBAVEL.
TOYO HSE_N KAISHA.
STEAMERS WTLI, LEAVE TvTIARIi*. COTU
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. May 9th, 1903
SS. AMERICA MARU .7!.
Wednesday. Jua« 4ta. 1903
S3. HONGKONG MARU .„.
Saturday. June 23th. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
• ¦ W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAV16AT10N GO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vapora3
To Valparaiso, stopplnr at Mexican. Central
and South American, ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May lTfCOLOMBTA ...Job* 21
PALENA May 81ITUCAPEX. July— •
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHR1E A CO.. Gen. Agents.
occaaics.sxo.ssg
S3. ALAMEDA.. for Honolulu.............
Saturday. May 10, 2 p. nw
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs.. May 22, 10 a. ow
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.
Sunday. June 9. 10 a. vu
J. D. SPRECXELS & BE03.C0., General izii, 329 jfertst
Bari Pass, dice, 643 Mattel Si, Pig n I Pacific Si
PANAMA R, R. s Sf
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre*.
S. S. Leelanaw... Sails Tuesday, May 13
S. S.
S. S
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. in.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st,
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
C0XPA8NIB eSNXBALB TRAN8ATLANTiqtJ3,
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m<*,rHm
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4»\ftS*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. iSSmcSSt
North River, foot of Morton street.
\ First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENSRAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), Ne«
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMERICA* LWE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
PhlladeLMay 28, 10 am |3t. Louis. June 11. 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 amiPhlladel.June IS 10 am
RE1J STAR LIXE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kenslngn.May 28. noon|Frlesland.June 11. noon
Zeeland.-.June 4, noonlSouthwrk.June 13.noo»
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montsom'y sL
EAT AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. irTJAYTYARTWIMEjf
...Steamers- GEH.. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:43 a. m., 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun*
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Mais 1308. Landing and
office, pier .2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
OCEAU TBAVEI..
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
PKWfc. Wharf San Francisco:
S&gSjBSfc For Ketchikan. Juneau.
IWjSSlr^a,^. Skagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
RvvTaSZyS?^ m -- May n - 16 - 21 « -°- 31>
' M^xS^^M^ June 5. Change to com-
I tSWv2lra& pany'a steamers at Seattle.
P'w«raj i 9, . For Victoria. Vancouver,
I* ort Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
«% coifla, Everett. 'Whatcoin —
II a. m.. May'll, 16, 21. 26. 31. June 5. Change
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.^at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouter to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Huinboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12, 17, 22, 27, J«ne 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Sm Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport (*Bonlta only).
Cooa Bay, 9 a. m., May 14, 22, 30, June 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10. 18. 26, June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, . Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.. "•. ' -
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. . .'
TIOTfPT r>TTFXCE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUN ANN, Qen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ FOR- <VVV-
LEAVE SKATTLE.
SENA'JOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
Anl fortnlsrhtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to' Nome last year
landing all passengers and freight without loss!
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folder, apply Ticket OfOoe, 4 New Montgomery
Street <Palace' Hotel). ¦ r
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R~& TV- CO,
ONLY. STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Ran. at
'¦ I1OWJU8V xt-A-irjaJsi.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
6S.. COLUMBIA Sails.... May 3. 13. 23. June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8 13 23
Steamer sails from foot ot Spear st. 11 a m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1' Mong'y. S. F.
J$amburg-&merican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SEnVIOE. ;
FLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria ...May 22|Columbla ......June 5
F. Bl3marck....May.20|A. Victoria. ...June 17
TWIN-SCREW PASSEXGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH-i-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Walderseo ...\.May 20[Pretorla .......June 7
Pennsylvania ..May 27|Moltke- ....June 10
Hamburft-American Line-. 37 B'wny. I*. Y.
p HERZ(Xr&CQ,. General Agents for Pacific
I Ccaat, 401 California St.. San Francisco. '
Established 1823.
WILSON
WHISKEY
Thaf c A 1 1 T
¦ II Q it 9 Mil • - '.
JAJKE JOSEPH, Representative, 300 Battery Street. Baa Francisco.
From the Treasurer of the Young
People's Christian Temperance
Association.
Miss Elizabeth Caine, Fond du Lac, Wis.
--...„„. «* wrtmatiriood is fraught -with dangers which even careful
mot££ SSL? ZSSl^S* thl
menstruation. "The lily droops on its stem »^ d^ 8 bef ore r ***£*»
unfolded" It is well demonstrated m Miss Came a letter tnat l^ytlla ±j.
pSkham's Vegetable Compound is certa n to assist nature to perform
herTe^Sr dutfef ?Ld young women who are ii^, S^!S£% PlS
peculiSrto their sex should hasten to c 01^^ 0^^^^ L^ter to M^sT
ham's Vegetable Compound, and then sit down and wntea letter to Airs.
PiXhamifuine Te^aLL about their illness; she will give the case careful
aSoSeriy^ns^^^
such letters strictly confidential; she will charge nothing, and thousands of
young women owe their present health and happiness to her advice.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all youngr women yho are ill to writ©
her for advice. Address Lynn, Mass., giving: full particulars.
MISS ELIZABETH CAINE.
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I want to tell you and all the young ladies
of the country, how grateful I am to you for the benefits I have received
from using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. I suffered for
eight months from suppressed menstruation, and it affected my entire sys-
tem until I became weak and debilitated, and at times felt that I had a
hundred aches in as many places. I onlv used the Compound for a few
weeks, but it wrought a change in me wnich I felt from the very begin-
ning. I have been very regular since, have no pains, and find that my
entire body is as if it was renewed. I gladly recommend Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound to everybody." — Miss Elizabeth Caine,
69 W. Division St., Fond du Lac, Wis. j
When the young girl's thoughts become sluggish, when she experi-
ences headaches, dizziness, faintness. and exhibits an abnormal disposi-
tion to sleep, pains. in the back ana lower limbs, eyes dim, desire for
solitude, and a dislike for the society of other girls, when she ia a mystery
to herself and friends, then the mother should go to her aid promptly.
At such a time the greatest aid to nature is r,ydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. It prepares the young system for the coming change,
and is the surest reliance for woman's ilia of every nature.
TVTien you ask for Mrs. Pinkham's medicine at your druggist,
do. not be persuaded to take something else said to be "just as
good." Nothing in the world is so good for women's ills.
- A BSa i0F& /&& MF^L RPlflfflnn Owing to the fact that «ome skeptical people
H H H fa a H |3 SiJ L. Ifll fl ft# I B " aT * tTom r * me to ti . tne questioned the g:nuin»>
¦ A ISflt H a t3 n S 9 fl I B U M il I 1 neM °* the t«*timonial letters we are consUntlr
¦ V ET?\ W H m big H llaallflllV publiihinr wq have deposited with the National
SIhS hHi *~ lt 7 Bin *« of Lynn, Mus., f 5.000, which wUl
i BH SR II H b* P 3^ to any person who will show that th<* abore testimonial i» not
PUP fjLj? cyJa VkJl genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special jptrmo*
Q^r \ggf W lion.— LydlaC Plokham Medicine Company. Lynn. Maw.
Jj^W!% BEST FOR THE BOWELS i
.GttARANTEED CURE. for all bowel troubles, appendicitis, biliousness,' bad breath, bad
blood, wind on the stomach, bloated bowels, foul mouth, headache, indigestion, pimples,
pains after eating, liver trouble, sallow skin and dizziness. V&hen your bowels don t movo
regularly you are sick. Constipation kills more people than all other diseases together. It
starts chronic aliments and lone years of suffering. No matter what ails you, start taking
CASCARETS today, for you will never get well and stay well. until you get your bowels
right. Take our advice, start with Cascarets today under absolute guarantee to cure or
'money refunded. The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Never sold in bulk. Sample and
booklet free. . Address Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New Yortr. - . -'• , 50a : .,Petition for a Double. Track.
The members of the University Mound
and Bay View Improvement Club pre
sented a petition to the United Railroads
yesterday requesting that the company
construct a double track on Railroad
avenue instead of the present ; single
track. The members stated that Rail
road avenue is in good, condition' and that
the property owners are willing to donate
sufficient land to .widen and straighten
San Bruno avenue .from its junction with
Railroad avenue' to the county line. ' :*
; ¦. Albert- Raymond, the*- German comedian
now playing at the Orpheum, suefl-Barney
Behrman,. known- theatrically as- Barney
Bernard, now doing , a, Hebrew 'turnv at
Fischer's Theater, in the" Justice*' Court
yesterday for $42 GO.- The 'complainY alleges
that Bernard borrowed /the money from
Raymond in New York City; where they
were partners in a specialty act.
Trouble Among Vaudeville Stars.
Officer W. F. Smith of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
states that an attempt was made yester
day to'ship a horse with a fractured Jaw
and a broken leg to Petaluma, where it
was to have been killed and . used" v f«r
chicken feed. Smith ; put the animal out
of its misery as soon .as possible. He
says that John Doyle, who keeps a livery
stable at the corner of Sixth and' Har
rison streets, was the owner of the horse.
Kills Chicken-Feed Horse.
• CAMBRIDGE, Mass.; May, 0. — The national
conferencei for ¦ good city government • ot the
National Municipal 'League held Its final ses
sion' to-day. : George W. Guthrle of New York
and Professor J. ¦ H. 'Beale, of Harvard read
papers at the morrtlng session.
MAUIUD. May «.— Karthauakes were felt at
'Mlcante/ Murcla'andj-Elche, -on the southeast
ern ' coast of Spain. Uist . night. -. Panics fol
lowed but there. were no fatalities.
SUISUX May 9. — Town Marshal D. C. Mc-
Donald wsk stricken by paralysis yesterday and
now lies in a precarious condition at home, be
in« scarcely able to move or to speak.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 9. — A fire which
broke out In a - barn adjoining: the ' National
Stt»am Laundry Company's bulldinj here to
day destroyed tha laundry plant and six
dwellings. • Tho loss is estimated- at $50,000.
MANILA,' May 0.— The cholera statistics to
date are a» follows: Manila. 8(57 case* and
70S deaths; the provinces, 2452 cases and 1485
deaths.'
George McFadden was arraigned beforo
Judge Mogan yesterday; on a charge of
murdering Charles Tucker, an elderly
man, at fc29 Howard street. April 2S. Mc-
Fadden said he was unable to retain an
attorney and the court appointed Attor
ney Debb . to represent him. The case
was then continued for one week, f
McFadden Is Arraigned for Murder.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Coroner Leland held an inquest yester
day on the case of Michael Cullen of 1311
Montgomery avenue, who was killed last
Tuesday on board the steam schooner
Marshneld by the giving away of some
hoisting tackle. The jury rendered a ver
dict that death resulted from fracture of
the skull, "caused by a fall through neg
ligence of one or all three of the men en
gaged on this particular fall, Michael
Cullen, Robert Lillblum and John Hog
land." . /
Coroner's Jury Charges Negligence.
Elizabeth, Saville is suing Hartland
Law and John W. Pence for $5000 dam
ages for injuries received by being struck
by a tree felled by Law and Pence as she
was' passing. She alleges that the de
fendants were criminally negligent in
failing to notify pedestrians that they
were cutting the tree down. ¦•
Charges Criminal Negligence.
The attorneys for Milton E. Blanchard,
who is suing for a writ of prohibition re
straining School Director Alfred Ronco
vieri from participating in his trial on a
charge of beating a schoolboy, on the
ground that Roncovieri is prejudiced, were
allowed five days yesterday by Judge
Hunt in which . to file briefs supporting
their objections to the demurrer filed by
the Board of Education. When the mat
ter came up before Judge Hunt yesterday
he intimated that he was of the opinion
that he had no jurisdiction in the case,' a<s
the question of privilege had already been
decided by the board. "The suit as it
stands." said Judge Hunt, "appears to me
like an appeal from the decision of the
board."
Grants Blanchard Time.
C. Mason Kinne, Major H. P. Bush and
C. S. Benedict, a j committee of the San
Francisco Society of New Yofkers, wrote
some time ago" to Governor Ben
jamin Odell Jr., " who is an hon
orary member of the society, ten
dering him a ' reception. His reply by
telegraph was that he will not be able
to make any engagements until after his
arrival in this city. It is the intention of
the committee, if agreeable to the. Gov
ernor of New York, to have a reception
at the Palace Hotel at such time as he
may designate, and to this all members,
their friends and ladles will be invited.
New Yorkers to Governor Odell.
The case of Michael Savage, charged
with burglary, was dismissed by Judge
Cabanlss yesterday. Savage was accused
of being the companion of John Donnelly,
who broke - a - plate glass window in the
jewelry store of W..K. Vanderslicc & Co.,
at '136. Sutler street, and stole $200 worth
ot silverware. There was no evidence
against Savage.
No Evidence Against Savage.
Fred Tobelman of 453 Hayes street was
arrested by Officer Hooper of the Humane
Society yesterday on complaint of Joseph
Levy of 106 New Montgomery street for
abusing a dog belonging to A. S. Harris,
who is one of Tobelman's neighbors. It
is alleged that Tobelman swung the dog
about his head at the length of a chain
and brought it down on the sidewalk two
or three times with all the force he could
command. It is stated that the dog, al
though not killed, was badly Injured.
Arrested for Abusing Dog.
"Billy" Leonard and Paul Martin will
battle for the featherweight bqxing
championship . of the coast, under the
auspices of the Hayes Valley Athletic
Club next Tuesday night. On the same
evening Joe .Angeli. the Italian cyclone,
and George Erdelatz will box four rounds
to decide the lightweight championship
of the coast. Leonard held the champion
ship in his class until last month, when
Martin wrested the laurels from. him in
clever style. He has secured a return
match and will strive to regain his for
mer honors. Angelinas proven himself
a fitting successor to Jimmy Britt. He
has beaten every boxer of his weight and
is ready to defend his title against all
comers. George Erdelatz. who meets
him, is a caDable boxer. He is powerful
and has a knockout punch In each hand.
There will be six other contests.
Clever Amateur Boxers Matched,
Joseph -W. Bevis, who, while employed
as a steam fitter on a gasoline launch
owned by- the Risdon Iron Works, was
severely injured by the explosion of the
gasoline tank on the launch, is suing the
iron works for $10,000 damages. He al
leges that the explosion was due to care
lessness on the part of an employe of the
firm. • „
Gasoline Explosion Causes Suit.
The Supervisors* Health Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of the indefinite
postponement of the proposed ordinance
contracting the limits within which car
pet-beating establishments may be main
tained. *The effect of the ordinance would
be to drive out a large number of such
works from their present locations. A
number of carpet beaters protested
against the ordinance. ' .
The committee decided to notify the
boards of Health, Fire Commissioners and
Public Works to enforce the ordinances
providing against the maintenance of
nuisances. This action was taken on the
protest of John Nightingale against the
stockyards in the vicinity of Eleventh and
Market streets on %he ground that they
are a detriment to Burrounding business.
The committee took the ground that if
the yards are a nuisance it i3 the duty
of the boards named to abate the same.
Alleged Horsethief Caught.
LOS ANGELES. May. O.-^eorge Kings
bury, aged 19 years . and six feet four
inches in height, was arrested here to
day and locked up on a charge of grand
larceny. Kingsbury is wanted in Chino
and Pomona for alleged horse stealing.
Rathbone Appeal Is Discussed.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— At the Cabinet
meeting to-day the appeal which has been
made by Senator Hanna in behalf of a
new trial for Estes G. Rathbone was
discussed. The record of the case has
not yet reached the White House from
the War Department, but the President
has the matter under consideration and
a decision may be reached in a day or
two.
Santa Rosa Girl Missing.
SANTA ROSA, May 9.— Miss Maggie
Mauch, a young lady of ¦ about 18 years,
quietly packed her clothes and departed
from this city thjs morning and no trace
of her can be f ound. ' She is the daugh
ter of Mr. and Mrs. Adam Mauch.
CARPET-BEATING WORKS
TO REMAIN UNDISTURBED
The board of trustees cf the Odd Fel
lows* Orphans' Home at Gilroy has made
arrangements to take the delegates, who
vill come to this city to attend the ses
sion of the California Assembly of Re
bekahs and th .- Grand Louge of Odd Fel
lows on an excursion to the home to give
them an opportunity to see what has
keen done for tha education and advance
ment of the parentless children of O<M
Fellows. The train will start from the
Townsend-^treet depot at half past 9
o'clock on Monday morning and will stop
pt the Valencia-street station. The party
will return in the evening.
Will Visit Home at Gilroy.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 9.— The Police
Chiefs of the United States and Canada
at their final session to-day changed the
name of the association to the Interna
tional Police Chiefs' Association and se
lected New Orleans as the next place of
meeting. The matter of adopting a secret
code was referred to the executive com
mittee. Richard Sylvester of Washington
was elected president.
Police Chiefs Conclude Session.
John Tobin, a laborer 80 years of age,
residing at 333 Bcale street, drank muri
atic acid by mistake last evening. He
has been in the habit of taking medicine
and mistook bottles which had been
placed on a shelf. -Tobin was taken to
the Harbor Hospital, where he was treat
ed by. Dr. Murphy. The- physician says
the aged man is not yet out of danger
from the effects of the lethal potion.
Drinks Acid by Mistake.
The men are charged with the murder
of Policeman Eugene Robinson at Six
teenth and Valencia streets on the morn
ing pf January 21 last. Henderson was
arrested at the time by Policeman Tay
lor ofter- being wounded; Courtney was
captured in Tracy, San Joaquin County;
Woods was arrested in Portland with
two bullet wounds in his back; Kauffman
was caught at Fort William, Canada, and
Kennedy was located in jail in Grants
Pass, Or.
The Grand Jury visited Judge- Cook's
court yesterday morning and filed Indict
ments against Frank Woods, alias "St.
Louis Frank"; James Courtney, alias
"Leadville Jjmmy"; William B. Kennedy,
alias Richard Jackson, alias "yellow'.';
William Kaufman, alias "St. Louis Fat,''
and William. Henderson on the charge of
murder. Bench warrants were issued and
the five thugs were booked on the charge
at the City Prison. They will be ar
raigned before Judge Cook this morning
and turned over to the custody of the
Sheriff pending their trial. An Indictment
was also returned against Allan Goucher,
alias the "Kid," who" has thus far es
caped arrest.
VACAVILLE, May 9.— A loud explosion
av/akened the inhabitants of Elmlra at
2:30 o'clock this, morning and those who
were first to reach the place whence the
report came caught sight' of two burglars
as they /made their exit from Allison's
store, iaden with i plunder. : The pair
had blown open the large safe in the
office and taken therefrom $900, besides
carrying off numerous articles from the
store. They made good their escape.
Burglars Wreok the Safe.
ROBINSON'S MURDERERS
WILL SOON BE TRIED
SACRAMENTO, . May 9.— The fight be
tween Riife Turner and Jack O'Brien to
night was a lopsided and tame exhibition.
Turner had O'Brien at his mercy at every
stage of the game arid could have got
him in any round. O'Brien made no show
ing, did not land a telling blow during
the argument and was on queer street
half of the tlmo. The end came early in
tho ninth, when Turner put a half right
arm jolt to the chin and threw the left
under the same mark, dropping his man
in corkscrew shape. O'Brien stiussled
to his feet at-the count but his seconds
threw up the sponse. ¦ ;
The preliminary between Jimmy | Ham
ilton of Stockton and Jockey Bennett of
San Francisco, was fierce and fast, and,
¦while it was- declared' a draw, would have
gone to Bennett had the trouble been
prolonged. v a^/>^?!i-£.i
From the Start and Wins in the
Ninth Round.
Colored Lad Has the Better of It
TURNER-O'BRIEN FIGHT
' A LOP-SIDED AFFAIR
.Florence St. Clairof 121 Montgomery
street secured a warrant from Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of Max Sut
ler, a money lender, on a charge' of felony
embezzlement. She alleges that, he nego
tiated the sale of a lodging-house for her
on January 28, and at his request she
gave him $380, which he was to take care
of for her. blnce then she had made re
peated demands for the return of the
money and has been unable to get it.
Unable to Get Her Money.
Surgeon J. T. Arwine has been as
pigned to the medical staff of Alcatraz
Inland.
A. L. Robinson and Harry EaneHt, unas
slgned, have been found guilty of deser
tion by the court-martial now in session
at the Presidio and have each received a
terter.ee of dishonorable discharge and
eighteen months" imprisonment at Alca
traz. :...-• ¦
Captain John Howard. Nineteenth In
fantry, and Lieutenant L. H. Cook, Fif
teenth Iflfentry. will leave for Manila on
the transport Thomas on May- 16 in com
mand- of about forty enlisted men who
are under orders to sail on the same boat.
News in Army Circles.
HELENA. Mont., May 9.— Westbound
Northern Pacific passenger train No. 11
early to-day crashed into a freight,
whose length necessitated leaving ten
cars on the main line at Deadford, be
tween Helena and Townsend. A boxcar
was knocked off the track and the engine
smashed. The engineer and fireman es
caped injury by jumping. A flagman had
been sent back to warn the passenger
train, but did not get fairly started before
It hove in sight and so great was its
momentum t>at it could not be stopped
in time to avoid a collision. Beyond a
ce.vere shaking up none of the passengers
wts injured.
Collision on the Northern Pacific. »
Petitions in Insolvency were filed In the
United States 'District Court Vesterday. as
follows: L. D. Robinson,' grocer, Healds
burg, liabilities $3422 85. assets $194195;
Thomas W. Wells. M. J. Wells and Wil
liam H. Harrington as the Citizens' "Bank
of Sonora/ liabilities $99,336 04, assets $34,
09S 95, Thomas W. Wells' individual lia
bilities $2240, no assets, William H. Har
rington's individual liabilities $634 3S, ad
sets $275; Ziba Ethan Crolss, laborer, Sac
ramento, liabilities $350 25, no assets.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Shortly after this the Senator and his
friend left the dining-room and went to
the cigar stand. While standing there the
man, who had followed the Senator from
the dining-room; approached him, where
upon McLaurin knocked him down. The
man's friends came to his- assistance and
ended the scene by hustling him away.
The Senator was not struck. . There were
no arrests. •"*V '-"V" ¦'¦'¦- '
WASHINGTON, May 9.— There was an
exciting scene in the lobby of a hotel here
to-night, in which Senator McLaurin of
South Carolina figured.
...The Senator was sitting in the dining
room with a gentleman, when ne became
the object of some offensive attention
from a man whose name the. Sena tor re
tused to disclose, and who, the Senator
says, was under the Influence of liquor
at the time. = ...
SOUTH CAROLINA SENATOR
KNOCKS THE MAN DOWN
Officer Cottle of the Health Department
was dispatched to the scene, and after
accusing Levy of his deception the last
named indignantly informed him that he
was going to sell the cow, as he consid
ered it good meat. He told Cottle •where
the beef was, and two market Inspectors
immediately coal oiled the meat to make
sure that it would never be used for hu
man consumption. When Secretary Hol
brook of the society was informed of
Levy's action he expressed his intention
to have Levy's badge taken away from
him at once.
Mrs. Reed, who resides on Precita ave
nue, near Mission street, had a cow that
was suffering from milk fever and was In
a dying condition. Levy heard of the
case, and showing his badge to Mrs. Reed
informed her that he would have to cqn
demn the animal and secured her consent
to kill It. Levy then gave Mrs. Reed $7 50
for the carcass, saying that the price
would pay for the hide of the cow. Levy
then took the dead cow to a slaughter
house just across the line at Colma and
had it dressed for market. . • ;
Louis Levy, an officer of the Society for
the ¦ Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. Is
in serious trouble with the . Health De
partment for having first condemned a
sick cow and afterward having the car
cass dressed to sell in open market.
elty Society, in Trouble With
Health Department.
Louis Levy, an Officer, of Anti-Cru-
CONDEMNS SICK COW AND
; , DRESSES IT FOR MARKET
The auction sale of seats for the benefit
of San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O.
E.. to be given on May 20 at the Grand
Opera-house, took place last night at the
lodgeroom and was by far the most suc
cessful affair of its kiad that- has ever
taken place in the history of the order
in this city. More than $1500 has been
realized in premiums. There are stiil a
number of good seats left which can be
had next Tuesday morning at the Grand
Opera-house box office. The successful
bidders who secured boxes were: James
C. Bishop of Honolulu, who bid $3U0 for
the first box; James P. Dunne, Dr. II.
McD.- Cameron, A. Fodera,-W. H. Smith,
G. E. Hunt, Auditor Harry Baehr, DrT
Jones and T. D. Riordan. The successful
bidders for seats . included A. Fodera,
Selby C. Opoenhelmer, J. Moroney, J.
Moraghah, George D. Siebe, Alex Vogel
sang, J. C. B. Hebbard, T. E. Dunne, J.
N. O'Dell. E. Clark. L. W. Harris, \\\ H.
Kent. W. Ramsey, William Laing, W. H.
Leahy, Sig Ackerman, Colonel Beck, H.
O. Campbell and J. Lehrman.
of Order Nets Handsome
Sum.
Auction Sale of Seats at Lodgeroom
ELKS SELL MANY SEATS
FOR THEIR BIG BENEFIT
Dr. .Edwin Bunnell, . chief .emergency
surgeon, has prepared a statement of the
number of patients treated In' the Cen
tral and Harbor hospitals and the insane
detention department for the 'year end
ing May 1. A total of 11.185 persons were
treated. The expense, including medi
cines, salaries, care of horses and ¦ pur
chases of Instruments, was a little less
than $42,000. Dr. • Bunnell expects to have
a hosoital in operation in Golden Gate
Park by June 1.
Emergency Hospital Report.
At the meeting last night F. Hanlon de
livered an interesting talk on President
James Madison and the effect his admin
t ration had on the country, and seven
new members were initiated.
The grand officers of the club, under the
chaperonage of Max Popper, the grand
organizer, are preparing to make a trip
through the southern part of the State
tor the purpose of forming clubs and get
ting Democrats into line for the ap
proaching campaign. The tour will last
three weeks. . - . -• i
It was announced to the members of the
Iroquois Club at the regular weekly meet-
Ing last night that new and more com
modious headquarters had been secured
for the club at 2S Ellis street. Arrange
ments are being made to have the rooms
fitted up in an attractive manner and an
effort will be made to render the head
quarters a resort for all Democrats. Six
hundred chairs will be installed in the
meeting room. Committee rooms will be
prepared and papers and magazines will
be ker>t on file.-
Clubs.
Will Visit Southern Part of the State
to Organize Democratic
IROQUOIS OFFICERS TO
CAMPAIGN TOUR
According to the story R. H. Crawford
died twenty years ago and left 100,000.000
francs to- Theresa d'Airringac. now Mme.
Humbert. Just as tho lady was about to
obtain possession of the fortune- two
nephews of Crawford appeared with a
second will bequeathing the property to
themselves. A lawsuit was commenced
for the possession of the money and secu
rities, which, according to Mme. Humbert,
by mutual agreement, bad been locked up
in a safe in a new house, conditional on
her not touching the money until the
court's verdict was rendered. Mme. Hum
bert, In the meanwhile, borrowed mil
lions on the strength of the supposed for
tune.
Paris Police Officials Find the Safe
in Mme. Humbert's Residence
i Empty.
NPARIS, May 9.-Tne Interest in the
great Humbert Crawford lawsuit, which
was supposed to involve the possession of
1CO,COQ,GOO franc's and which had for years
been before two continents, culminated In
a fiasco to-day when the police officials
proceeded to the residence of Mrs. Hum
bert and found the safe in which alleged
securities to the value or 100,000,000 francs
was said to be locked up was empty. All
the parties to the suit are South Ameri
cans. .
SUIT FOR A FORTUNE ; ;^S
ENDS IN A FIASCO
The managers of both .boxers will meet
early next week at Harry Corbett's to
select -the referee. Jack Kitchen, Eddie
Granejr- and Phil Wand have been men
tioned as suitable persons to officiate as
third man In the ring.'
' Lavigne is working out at Blanken's
Six-mile House under the direction of
Mark Shaughnessy. He looks the picture
of health -and says whenhe, .enters the
ring he wiH rt»e in*b«tt6r:cbn4lilan %; than
he has beeri for years! ~La'Vlgite v s*tfemper
ate habits ; have worked wonders . in his
physique and he expects to.be faster and
stronger than when he fought here. last.
The boxer3, ought" to f put.up one "of the
best battles eVer seen ' here. " "It; will' be a
reil test of Britt's ability,- as, if he de
feats Lavigne,' he "will be.:-, in. line to.meet
any man in the world at" the lightweight
limit. The coming battle with Lavigne
will be the most, important one .in', which
Britt has engaged - since he turned pro^
f essional. Up to • the present • time £ the
local boxer has not been severely pun
ished. In Lavigne he will meet an en
tirely different type of boxer to either.
Irwin or - Hegarty. Lavigne's favorite
method of fighting is to bore in right and
left and gradually beat his 'opponent
down. Britt has shown that this sort
of milling is quite to his liking, and if
both men. fight to form it will be a whirl
wind contest from the start. -
Jimmy Britt is fast rounding- into con
dition at Croll's Gardens, :Alameda, for
his battle with Kid La vinge. which takes
place under the auspices ot the San Fran
cisco Athletic - Club on the « night- of the
29th inst. Britt has been training'faith
fully, for the last two weeks and already
shows signs of being in fine fettle. Spider
"Kelly, the crack second and "trainer, and
Charlie Reno are handling Britt. The
latter realizes he must be! in -'the best
possible shape to have a chance to take
the- measure of the sturdy fighting man
from Saginaw.
ing Undone That Would Fit
Them for Competition.;;
Britt and Lavigne Are Leaving Noth-
LIGHTWEIGHTS TRAINING
FOR A SEVERE CONTEST
• The last of the Lane lectures for the
winter season was delivered" last night at
Cooper Medical College' . by , Dr. Henry
Gibbons Jr. The subject was "The Con
tagiousness of Diseases."
The lecture was free to all and the in
terested audience that attended received
Invaluable information on contagious
maladies and liow to prevent becoming*
infected from the bacteria of various dis
orders.
Dr. Gibbons is dean of the Cooper Col
lege and holds the chair of obstetrics. His
specialty is children's diseases and upon
these he spoke fluently last night. He
gave a minute' description of the symp
toms of such diseases as measles, scarlet
fever, whooping cough, smallpox, catarrh,
etc., the age most readily susceptible to
their influences, their means of transmis
sion, period of incubation, duration of at
tack and cure.
The Lane lectures have undoubtedly
been of extreme benefit and importance
to -joatjessjlic. enabling students to hear
the most noted physicians discourse, thus
gaining knowledge not otherwise to be
acquired.
The lecture was well attended and well i
received. - - - - '•' ¦-¦ •> i
Interesting Talk on the "Contagious
ness of Diseases" Given at the
Cooper Medical College.
j These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Charles Loelckes, Dundee, $5;
Washington I. Henderson, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $8; James W. Solomon,
Bloomlngton, <8; La Tarre Webster, Car
penteria; $8. War with Spain— Charles J.
ClanTey, San Francisco, • $6; Edward F.
Rogers, Vallejo, $29. Increase— Niles Lode
gar, Los Angeles. 18; William W. Mill,
Oakland, $12; William Graham, San Fran
cisco HO; George S. " Cook, Vista, $8;
Joseph T. Darling, Lone Star, $8; Alfred
Howland, Chico, $6. ; Widows— La varia C.
Wines, San Francisco, 58; minor of James
Bodley, San Francisco, $10; Harriet A.
Pugh. Los Angeles, $17; Margaretha J.
Ayers. Duarte, %&¦
Washington— Original— John L. Gow,
Seattle, $6. War with Spain — George
Zuppe Machiasy $6; J. Grant Hinkle. Spo
kane, . $5. , Increase— Marcus A- Walker,
Axford $12; Andrew S. Robbins, Mayfleld,
$10. Widow— Oliver S. Brown, Twis, $S.
Navy orders announce that Captain F.
P.- Kirk is detached from the navy yard.
Mare Island, to this city for examination
for. retirement- ;.
. WASHINGTON/ May 9.— The Postoffice
Department to-day announced: Postoffice
discontinued May . 31: California—Gar
valia, Los Angeles County, mail to San
Gabriel. Postmaster commissioned: Wash
ington^Frank J. - Pingry. Ehrlich.
OF. INTEREST TO PEOPLE •
L0F;THB PACIFIC COAST
LAST OP LANE LECTURES
DELIVERED BY DR. 'GIBBONS
In addition to the slips, lithographic
stones for printing -tickets for. the Little
Louisiana, the Little Honduras, and "the
Little BeneficencJa, Publics, and the.Bene
ticencia Company of San Francisco, were
found. All of these are said by the police
to be. local concerns, which pretend to pay
in accordance with the actual drawings in
Mexico and Honduras. This is the largest
haul of alleged lottery tickets ever made
in the city outside of Chinatown^
Lieutenant Martin and a squad of policu
detectives raided the Pacific Lithographic
Company's establishment at 537 Washing
ton street yesterday' afternoon and cap
tured about 150,000 -printed .slips ..which are
alleged to be lottery tickets. .. One of the
proprietors, • Charles H., Baker,,- an,d ! two
employes, Charles Holbrook and -B.'.-B.
Cinega, .were, placed under arrest and
booked at the City Prison on the charge
of aiding and abetting' a lotteryr They,
were released later on $50 cash bail eacth
Tickets and Some Lithographic
Stones Taken" as Evidence.
Many. Thousand Alleged Lottery
POLICE MAKE BAID
ON PRINTING HOUSE
..-: All. sorts- of trips and social affairs are
planned for the remaining delegates. To
morrow Mrs. Robert Burdette will give a
luncheon for a party including Mrs. Lowe
and Mrs. Sarah Piatt-Decker will head
a party to ' Catalina Island. On Sunday,
when Mrs. Lowe will leave for San Fran
cisco, the main scene of action will be
shifted tothat city. Mrs. Lowe will soon
proceed to her summer home at Hot
Springs, Va., and in the autumn will go
to Europe. ; . ' . ' " ."
-A chief attraction was undoubtedly the
all-day "at home" of Mr. and Mrs. Rob
ert-Burdette at "Sunnycrest." -a beauti
ful house on an eminence and surrounded
by ¦ acres , of . tropical foliage.. Hundreds
called ; to -accept the hospitality of this
delightful couple;.. Mrs. Burdette being
the recipient .. of. •, many congratulations
upon her, election to 1 the vice presidency
of the General Federation.
The "arrangements for a post-bienniaL
pleasure -. excursion known 1 as "Pasadena
Day" were admirably carried out to-day.
The officers of the sixth biennial were ta
ken on a tally-ho to this neighboring city,
while ' :the delegates f .were -conducted
thither on the electric cars. Upon reach
ing Pasadena 'the visitors were taken. to
the quaint clubhouse of the Shakespeare
Club, modeled v in architecture after the
Anne Hathaway cottage at'Stratford-on-
Avon," and covered - by a profusion' of
flowers. . Each guest -was -, presented j with
a beautiful bouquet and a glass of punch.
Then young men. from; the Throop ; Poly
technic Institute, who acted as guides,
escorted the club .women to Uhe' Congre
gational church, where luncheon was
spread. In groups they were afterward
taken ra, carriages and tally-hos" for "'a
long drive about the city. .-'.. •¦•
¦i;-:V-»iy: .-.- - . ¦
-; LOS > ANGELES, May 9.-With the de
parture of the, New York special this aft
ernoon'.' bearing the new president, Mrs.
Dhnies T.' S.* Denhison, the club woman's
biennial passed ' into history- The train
was decorated with flowers and flags and
carried 170 passengers. As the trip home
ward is to consume ten days, it is the In
tention of club women In cities along the
route to extend courtesies to the presiden
tial party. . . ¦ • .
William J: ;G{bbs of .¦Springfield. Mass..
formerly corporal of Company- C," Ninth
Infantry, told the Philippine . Committee
to-day the story of the massacre of sol
diers at Balangiga. He also described the
mutilation of the dead soldiers. ' The wit
ness stated that Captain Connell, who
commanded the troops, did not treat the
natives right as he destroyed their sup
ply-of food. He said the. massacre was
deliberately planned, and he judged that
boys participated j as J he saw a num
ber of them lying dead. He had
not concluded: when,. the committee ad
journed. v . . ¦¦;
i - An effort was made, in the Senate to fix
a time - for the pending ¦ Philippine Gov
ernment bill; but it wits unsuccessful. The
minority said that many Senators still
desired to speak on the measure and that
it would not. be proper to determine at
this time on* a vote.
To-day's debate on the Philippine bill
was mild. Teller occupied time in oppo
sition to the measure. He contended
principally that the Filipinos were cap
able of self-government and were cap
able of establishing a government quite
equal to some European governments.
./A.^letter. was. read., from Sergeant John
Nicholson of Norfolk, Va.. who had been
reported as charging General Funston as
being the originator of the water cure and
who was summoned-- to '.appear, stating
that he would come, but that he could not
testify against anybody. .The committee
concluded' toy Insist- on his appearance.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Senator,, Lodge
read a communication to the Senate Com
mittee on the Philippines, from the Rev.
W. H. Walker, denying the truth of the
recent dispatch crediting him with mak
ing certain statements regarding the
treatment of Filipinos. ' Senator Patter
son remarked that a jail was too good for
any newspaper man who would circulate
a story such as had been published.
Eugene F. Ware, who will succeed
Evans as Commissioner of Pensions, -was
at the Whit» House to-day and me't the
retiring- Commissioner in the President's
room. The three had a conversation and
it was announced that Ware would take
charge, of his office as soon as he is con
firmed. '-.
The Senate has confirmed the nomina
tion of H. Clay Evans to be Consul Gen
eral at London. ¦" \' •?--< *-•,-• i.v
I have not felt at liberty until my appoint
ment was settled to make any statement, but
in view of tha repeated assertions that I had
been forced out of office I desire to say, once
for all. that such statement Is wholly without
foundation. President Roosevelt knew from
tte first that I was anxious to surrender tho
office and that I only waited for an opportune
time. I resigned entirely of my own accord,
folio-wins' oat a purpose I had for many
months — the same purpose I had expressed to
Mr. McKinley. My resignation was uncondi
tional and did . not hang on any future ap
pointment, i '• -- BBgaJawtrf
There have been no scandals connected with
the service or any branch of it. The disburse
ments . through . its various agencies hara
amounted to over $700,000,000. I have been
only one of the contributors to this work. Tba
great results are due to the loyalty, efficiency
and Intelligent aid had from -the officials an-i
employes of the bureau and Its agencies.
Much has been said and much has been WTlt
ten about my retiring from the Pension Bu
reau. 'I am exceedingly crateful for the kind
treatment and suuport I have received at tb-s
Lands of my superiors, the generous support
of the press, the approval of the people and
the generous and loyal co-operation of a
trained and competent corps of experienced
employes In the bureau while holding, the most
trying position In the Government. ,
I have given over five years of the best ef
forts, most dilisent attention and close'appli
cation to the duties pertaining thereto. I am
much pleased with results and present condi
tions. About 1.100.000 claims have been adju
dictated during this period. June 30, l&VS.
there were 635,000 claims pending. The records
show there are now about 340,000 claims pend
ing. The work then was largely In arrears
from two to three years, according to the class.
It Is now current.
WASHINGTON. May 9.-In view of tha
published statements to the contrary it
can be said on authority that cannot bo
questioned that Commissioner Evans* de
sire to sever his connection with the Pen
sion Bureau was not prompted by any sug
gestion to leave or promise on the part of
the President. After the announcement
to-day that his nomination as Consul Gen
eral to London had been confirmed by th»
Senate Evans made the following state
ment :
At 9:S0 o'clock this morning the Council
will start on a bay excursion, leaving
Mission Street wharf on the steamer
Monticello.
Floor committee — A. H. Barber, Emil Bolde
mann. Fred L. Davis, Simon Juda. Fred
Johnetone, SIk. Sounenbersr, Kmil Judell. ¦
. Officers — Senior councilor, H. B. Getleso: ;
Junior councilor. Milt. Hall; past councilor, L>.
Hirschler; secretary-treasurer, H. 1j. Judell;
conductor, George Borchardt; page, Simon
Juda; sentinel. W. M. English. . .
C. Boldemann.
Floor manager — A.
Reception committee^ — J. D. Frey, W. M.
English, C. M. Hunt, J. Steinan, A. ZucTter
man. H. B. GeUeton.
The following were the committees:
Committee of . arrangements — Oscar Bolde
mann. H. L. Judell, L. A. Maison, W. T. Hob
eon, D. E. Wassermann.
M>. and Mrs. W. C. Peterson, - Sacramento ;
Mr. and Mrs. H. Mayberry. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Abbott, Mr. and
Mrs. O. Kinney, Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs.
A. C. Boldemann, Mr. and Mrs. Simon Juda,
Mrs. Leon Juda Mrs. Morris Juda, Mr. and
Mrs. Oscar Boldemann, Mr. and Mrs. H. L.
Judell, CM. Wollenberg, Mr. and Mrs. S.
Steinan, Mrs. B. Hobson, W. T. Hobson, Mrs.
J. Tindal. Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Thomsen, Milton
Glass, Mrs. B. Morris and daughter. Miss C.
Kullman, Miss Etta PaEhberg, Emil Boldemann,
Miss E. Boldemann, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Thieben,
Harry Jacobsen, Mr. and Mrs. George Bor
chert, Felix Cohn, L. A.. Maison. B. B. Gal
land, Joseph Murr, H. H. Yerrington, F. Gib
6on, Los Angeles; Mrs. L. E. Blumberg. Walter
Keith Louis, Mr. and Mrs. Max Schoen, Miss
Schoen, Miss Pauline Morris. H. Thieben. Day
ton, Ohio; Bauer Hess, H. Meyer, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Armuth, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Cohen.
R. H. Hall, Fred Johnstone, J. B. Treadwell,
Andy Hampel, Sacramento; Ed Wolf, Mrs. R.
Feige. Miss F. C. Feige, Miss B. Mendelsohn,
Miss S. Mendelsohn, Mr. and Mrs. Milton Hall,
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Weil and J. S. Feige.
In a reception room small tables were
so arranged as to accommodate parties
tete-a-tete, while the daintiest of all the
good .things in season were served.
Secretary. H. L.. Judell and his' col
leagues tended their friends with a fra
ternal watchfulness and when the jolly
party sang "Auld Lang Syne" at the
breaking up the sentiment therein ex
pressed was sincerely recorded.
The United Commercial Travelers' "at
home" will long be cherished among the
hospitable entertainments of a year that
has been notable for so many genial
gatherings. Among those present were:
The committee intrusted with the gen
tle care of the guests saw to it that the
reception should be an "at home" in ev
ery . particular, and consequently cere
mony was . for the time being banished
and the heartiest good-fellowship was ex
tended.
The assemblage was large, brilliant and
jovial and, as ever, generously hospitable.
The hall was beautifully decorated and
the orchestra, specially selected, discours
ed the brightest and most lively music, to
which quite a hundred couples danced.
An at home was given at Golden Gate
Hall last evening by Golden Gate Coun
cil No. SO, in honor of the Grand Council
of California of the United Commercial
Travelers. • .
So confident were Flanigan's attorneys.
Messrs. Chapman, Clift & Me Wade, that
they agreed ¦with the prosecution not to
argue the case, which was then sub
mitted.
Flanigan took the stand in his own be
half after Dr. O. D. Hamlin had described
the wounds he found on the face of the
accused the morning after the~-shooting.
He told a - straightforward story of has
troubles with O'Brien and how they had
quarreled in the saloon and later in
O'Brien's store. He denied having any
thing but a friendly regard for Gorman.
He was leaving the store under per
suasion when Gorman jumped upon him
and the pistol he had in his overcoat
pocket went off.
Austin O'Brien told about his fight with
Flanigan in a saloon and the attempted
cssaurt upon him afterward in his store
by Flanigan. He did not see the shooting
because his friends had locked him. In a
room to keen him from, getting into
trouble. \Vhen asked if he was not very
bitter against Flanigan and had. not hired
additional counsel to prosecute him he
admitted that that was true, but said he
did not want t.? see things go hard with
Flanigan.
Policeman George E. Ely was- the first
•witness this morning for the prosecution.
He said he came up in time on the night
of the shooting to see Flanigan and Gor
man struggling' on the sidewalk in .front of
O'Brien's ttore. Just as he "arrived the
shot was tired and he arrested Flanigan
after directing Gorman's friends to get
medical assistance. ' ¦
Flanigan received the congratulation of
his friends when the words "not guilty"
came from the lips of the foreman. His
wife and two of his children were present
to hear the good news. They were kept
waiting two hours for the verdict because
a recalcitrant juror thought Flanigan' s
intended assault upon O'Brien had some
thing to do with the killing of Gorman.
When the court informed him that they
were separate actions, the juror fell in
line wiui his eleven fellows. -. .
"We were all agreed from the first,"
said Foreman Greer of the jury, after the
verdict had been rendered, "that the shot
was accidentally discharged. We believed
Flanigan' s story that he had no Intention
of killing Gorman. Gorman took chances
when he took part in that quarrel.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 9.
Edward Flanigan was acquitted to-day
of the charge of manslaughter for the
killing of Richard Gorman during a
struggle in O'Brien's grocery on Jan
uary 6 last, because the Jury took the
view the the fatal shot was accident
ally discharged and that there was no
xr.alice in Flanlsran's acts.
E.V H. Harririian, ¦ . of : '.'> the
Southern ! Pacific ' Company, ' has/.: been:
called to conference by ..Mayor Schmltz in
reference to . the petition, of .the corpora
tion of which': Mr. . Harriman is the head
for a right-of-way through a certain por
tion of the. city."-. The communication of
Mayor Schmitz requesting. Mr. Harriman
to meet him in /conference points to the
fact that ithe, stay of ; the- head of- the
Southern Pacific 'Company is tolbe short
in comsarisoh . to.the': 'duration : , of the
benefits the company seeks and intimates
that the conference doubtless will- be of
mutual benefit. * The communication . fol
lows: ¦ ,»:<;'•,¦ ¦:,' \ /.'";.:.: '•¦.. ,'Jv-' f-v
E.'H.Harrbnan, President Southern Pacific
Company, City— Dear, Sin The Southern Pa
cific Company, of which you are president, has
just applied" to the city' of Ban Francisco- lor
certain rights and privileges along and : across,
streets and' highways in the southeasterly por
tion of the city. and: for Incidental and appur
tenant rights elsewhere.- ¦*•:¦¦;. .-.-,--.¦
The privileges for which you have' aBked are
important to you, and are Important!
to our people. As your.' stay \is ' to toe ot :. short
duration, and as the consideration. of the-fran
chises and privileges nought" by .you^ will posi
¦lbly cover a considerable -interval 'of time,- it
would please me greatly, and ¦ I am' sure It
would gratify the people of San Francisco, it
you yourself, endowed with the authority and
clothed with the necessary power, .'would dur;
'ing-your present; visit- give your personal at
tention to this matter ; and - confer.- In,, person
concerning the same;: •! therefore respectfully,
invite you. to call at. my office at such, time- as
to you »may i be. convenient, with- a '.view, to- a
friendly conference and. discussion- concerning
these matters of extreme municipal 'importance.
Awaiting. the pleasure of your early reply 1 , I
am. very respectfully yours, " ¦;; :
•;•- •-. ¦ • . E. E. SCHMITZ, .
M»y 9,! 1002. - Mayor of San Francisco. ¦¦
Dr. Hyde said: " "It is impossible as.yet
to state the cause of death. An examina
tion of the heart,' brain and stomach did
not. reveal any cause. . These organs 'will
be examined under a microscope to-mor
row, and the cause, will then be undoubt
edly revealed. I am not yet prepared to
say whether the cocaine that was admin
istered had anything to do with the
death. The heart does not show that nor
dees it show any of the usual forms of
heart disease."
"I gave Mrs. Pereira but one-slxteehth
of a grain." said Dr. Schmidt. "I knew
little of her physical conditions, and when
I am - not acquainted with the physical
characteristics of the patient I "never give
mere, though an eighth of a grain is «ot
a large dose. It is probable that a mi
croscopical examination of the heart will
reveal the cause of death, and that it will
not be attributed to the cocaine."
The cause of the death of Mme. Maria
Teresa Pereira, the wife of the. Chilean
Consul at San Francisco, who died in a
dentist's chair yesterday, afternoon, has
not yet been determined, and a more com
plete autopsy will be made before the in
quest to-morrow night. Dr. O. C. Hyde
made a superficial examination of the
brain, stomach and heart of the dead
woman to-day, but the condition of none
of these organs showed any particular
reason for death. Dr. Hyde has deter
mined to make a microscopical examina
tion of the muscles of the heart In the
hepe that this will reveal the cause of
death. fc
The fact that the heart does not ex
hibit any specific reason for death might
indicate that the cause is to be found in
the cocaine that was administered by
Dentist Schmidt while the teeth were De
ing extracted. . . Dr. Schmidt says that he
administered but one-sixteenth of a grain
of cocaine, while an ordinary dose is an
eighth of a grain.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 9.
m^—^—W ¦¦¦¦— f ,
Senate Confirms Him for
the London Consul
Generalship.
vv.' f • .¦-..
'Alleged Accuser of Funston
Ordered to Give Tes
\iXixx xi y •
Suggests Advisability of Per
sonal .Talk on 'Franchise
• ¦;¦;. .Matters. • ';•'¦.-
Excursion on the Bay To-Day
Will Complete the En
tertainment.
Heart Will Be Subjected to a
Microscopical Examina
tion To-Day. . •
Confident Attorneys Submit
Cpso Without Arguing
the Facts.
Mrs. Burdette's "At Home"
¦ ¦''<•¦
.One Feature Pleasing to
i -.'ithev Visitors.
Pretty Southland City
Welcomes Biennial
•¦Delegates.
Former Commissioner of
Pensions Makes a
Statement.
Receive the Guests "at
Home" With Generous
, Hospitality. ;.
Senators Insist on Phil
ippine Soldier's Ap
pearance.
Jury Finds That Plani
gan Did Not Mean
to Kill Him.
Cause of the Demise of
Mrs. Pereira Is Not
Determined.
Mayor Invites Railroad
President to Meet
r With Him. -
WOMEN ENJOY
PASADENA DAY
EVANS DENIES
HE WAS OUSTED
SERGEANT MUST
TELL THE STORY
BIDS HARRIMAN
TO CONFERENCE
GORMAN'S DEATH
DUE TO ACCIDENT
TRAVELING MEN
ACT AS HOSTS
DEATH PUZZLES
THE PHYSICIANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL V SATO
HELD FOR BURGLARY. — James , P.- Bligh
was held-to answer before the 'Superior -Court
.by.- Judge. Cabanisa yesterday on a charge of
burglary. He, Is accused of .breaking into, the
Marine,: Hospital and stealing ; a " pair; of . opera
KiasBe6.--i; :¦..'•• „¦!•'.. .--^ 'V. v ;.¦ ,^.; . ' ..' , ¦
And' colonial styles of, picture frames in
gold,' some admire the quaint shaoes in
Flemish, '.old Dutch and Ebony, but all
who have seen our stock agree ; that we
have the prettiest, most varied" and most
reasonably priced picture frames ever
seen In San 'Francisco. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market: street \ .. . . •
Some Prefer the ' Oval
* LOS~ ANGELES, May 9.— Joseph B.
Strickland, \ charter-; member of ."Inter
national Typographical Union at Cincin
nati fifty years ago; i3 dead at the Chris
tian'Hospital. He was moro than 72 years
of age. -Strickland had worked nt the
case • for . almost sixty -years;, and .was
known • along the ¦ Mississippi and ¦, Missou
ri-rivers during thef-palmy days , of the
craft. 'He -came- to . Los ; Angeles : from
Kansas 'Clty.about:a year, ago.
Joseph; B. j Strickland.
The Merchants' Association Review,
published yesterday, contains discussion?
of many matters of Interest in connection
with municipal improvements. Some of
the eubjects considered are the improve
ment of Telegraph Hill, the removal of
overhead wires, the .condition: of the
county roads, need of the new- grooved
rail in the business sections of the city,
the value of Juvenile courts and the nec
essity for an increase in the municipal
police force. ~ ?JBM9B9H '¦ <
City's Needs Are Discussed.
r. GARDEN CITY. May. 9.— C.: Hitchcock
Jr.,"of YYale, and^H.t S. .McFarland,%the
Pennsylvania freshman,*; to-day won' their
way to the finals in the individual- cham
plonship^contest 'of the 'intercollegiate
golf tournament. ;
Intercollegiate Golf Tournament.
9
POSTUM CEEEAL.
THE J. P.'S DECISION. )
He Sums Up the Coffee Case.
Judge W. W. Eowen of Creeds, Va., an-
nounces himself as a "reformed coffee
toper," and (rives authority to make the
following public statement:
"For years the coffee habit had been
growing on me until ray condition was
getting serious. I have considerable writ-
ing to do, and had become bo nervous
that I had to depend almost entirely upon
my wife to do the writing. Sometimes
when it was imperative that I sign my
name my hand trembled so I could scarce
do it.
"I had severe headaches, stomach trou-
ble, heart trouble; also some rheumatism.
A friend. Rev. , one day sent me a
package of Postum Coffee, with a request
that I give up coffee and make a fafr trial
of Postum.
"I took the advice, and the headaches
ceased; also the stomach trouble. I now
have no heart trouble at all except when
I use coffee for a time. My old nervous-
ness is a thing of the past.
"My wife also suffered for years with
heart trouble and extreme nervousness.
She has found relief by leaving off coffee
and using Postum. We now think it a
much better drink than either coffee or
tea. VI have known of a number of cases
that have been entirely cured or greatly
benefited by leaving off coffee and using
the new beverage, Postum,"
IV JUST PUBLISHED.
I "(Man, the King Undaunted ! " | l^lr £| 1Q5
I W ' lliISi ™ip ire
I p> jft^SliHPM tenant to Pierfe Radisson
I J^^^^J^^^^^^g in the Northern Fur Trade.
I mv/Z 12mo. Cloth, $150
D. APPLETON & COMPANY
I New York and Chicago.AMERICAN BARK, WELL- KNOWN IN 'THIS PORT. 138 DAYS OUT. FROM
NEWCASTLE, AUSTRALIA. WITH | CARGO OF COAL, FOR GUAYMAS,
ON WHICH REINSURANCE RATE STANDS AT 50 PER CENT
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United ..States Coast and j Geodetic Survey-*
Times and 1 Heights of High and Low
; Waters ¦ at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. _ ;
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city . front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes liter than, at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. . - For. . Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. May 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Ki Skagway & Way. Ports. May 12
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Humboldt. . . . Skagway & Way Ports. May 14
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. I May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pt3.iMay 15
City Topeka.- Skagway & Way Ports. JMay 20
Excelsior. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way PortsJMay 25
J. S. Kimball Nome direct .....[May 25
On motion of the attorneys for the tel
ephone companies, which are being sued
.by the city for back taxes, 'Judge Seawell
yesterday granted, a continuance of the
trial until next Tuesday. The attorneys
announced that an effort to compromise
the suits was being made.
Telephone Cases Continued.
Marshall Fountain Pens. $1. A. A I "Wa
terman Fountain Pens, $1 50. "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pens, from $2 50 to $35
each. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. •
From. One to Thirty-Five.
Kittle Nihill testified that King and
Hamilton brought- the stolen articles to
S35 Howard street that night, and Ham
ilton presented -her with the eyeglasses.
Annie Barker, her sister, testified to the
same effect, and said that King offered
her the silk waist. She was led to be
lieve that King was collecting the arti
cles for his convict friends. .
Kittle Nihill a,nd Annie Barker have
turned State's evidence, and the latter
will testify Monday in the other three
charges of burglary against the defend
ants.
The preliminary 1 examination of Joseph
King, the convict preacher; Harry Ham
ilton and Thomas Barker on a charge
of burglary for breaking into the . resi
dence of Mrs. Susie Glascott at 1&46 Mar
ket street and stealing a silk waist, pair
of ' eyeglasses and bunch of keys, was
commenced before Judge Mogan yester
day. Mrs. Glascott identified Hamilton
as having called at her house on the
afternoon of the burglary on the pretext
that he wanted to see some one who did
not live there. Shortly afterward she
missed .the articles from one of the
rooms. '- -• ' ¦ •¦,.'•.
Testimony Against King and
Hamilton.
Kiftie Nihill and Her Sister Give
TWO WOMEN PBISONEBS
TURN STATE'S EVIDENCE
Collector Stratton said yesterday that
all that he required of transit coolies was
satisfactory evidence that they were go-
Ing somewhere outside of the United
States for some definite purpose and not
on a pretense of going to Mexico and then
slipping into the United States across the
border. 1 In the case of the ninety-eight
whose applications were denied, the Col
lector found that they did' not know
whither they were going, or why, and did
not know any person or firm in the coun
try of their pretended destination. More
over, ; they were without money. Several
test cases were made, and taken, before
United States District Judge de Haven on.
a legal proposition. He ruled in favor of
the Collector. Then the -United States
Circuit Court of Appeals was tried, 'and
it sustained Judge de Haven. ; As the
last resort, proceedings were taken be
fore the United States Supreme Court. at
Washington, and after several months of
waiting the court affirmed the action of
the Court. of Appeals.
The seventy-six remaining coolies . in
the- detention shed will be shipped home
as fast as the steamers of the lines on
which they came are ready to sail. In
transit Chinese for Mexico are looked
upon with suspicion, for wages In the su
gar plantations and other fields of labor
range only from $5 to $10 per month, and
Chinese coolies will not work ontside of
their own country for such small wages.
- Collector Stratton received a letter yes
terday from Ho Yow, Chinese Consul at
this port, asking that he reopen the cases
as a personal favor. The Collector re
plied that there was nothing, to reopen
and that the exclusion act did not provide
for personal favors.
Pigtailsovagrged merrily, on the gang
plank of the Nippon. Maru yesterday af
ternoon, and Chinese faces were wreath
ed with expansive smiles as twenty-two
Mongols boarded the vessel to be taken
back to China. They had , been confined
In the detention shed on the mall dock
for nine months pending the disposition
of appeals that had been taken by them
from the action of Customs Collector
Stratton in denying them permission to
pass through the United States or any
portion thereof on the way to Mexico.
There had been ninety-eight rejections in
all, the Collector finding the the applicants
were' not bona fide in transit travelers.
Qlad to • Get Away From the
Prison Where They Lin
gered So Long!
Twenty-Two in Transit
Coolies Leave for '
DETENTION SHED
LOSES BOARDERS
SATURDAY. MAY 10.
To Japan— -39t», 186 lbs compressed cotton, 73
pkgs asphaltum, 137 cs canned goods. 605 pkgs
Rroccric-s and provisions, 55 pkgs hardware,
240 lbs lard, 2 bales leather, 1 pkg machinery,
2120 pigs lead, 2 pkgs agricultural implements,
175 r>kgs bicycles and sundries, 250 ska cement,
4 pkes electrical • coods, 1 cs firearms, 0 pkgs
rubber coeds, 10,015 lbs tan bark, 0S3 gals
wine. 18 cs whisky, 3 cs salmon.- 2 bdls paper
To the Philippine . Islands-r-1500 bbls flour,
1£5(» csks bottled beer. 2479 cs canned ¦ goode,
1000 lbs coCee, 22- bales, dry, goods, • 321 pkgs
The Japanese liner Nippon Maru sailed yes
terday for Hongkong, via Honolulu, Yokohama
and Manila, with a general merchandise cargo,
valued at S168.440, manifested and destined as
follows: For Japan, .$79,007; Philippine Isl
ands. $71,405; China, $12,713; Korea, 51463;
Er.^t Indies. ?2S15; Vladivostok. f010;, Slam,
S27. The principal shipments were as follows:
Exports to the Orient.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The schooner Americana will load coal at
Oyster Harbor for Port' Clarence, chartered
prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN. \
Branch ; Hydrographic Offlce, U. S. N., Mer
- chants'. Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
May 0. 1902. -
:The .Time Ball- on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at - noon to-day'
1. e.; at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. m., Greenwich time. • • • .
i W. H. STANDLEY.
. Lieutenant.. U. S. N..in charge.
Time Ball.
; TO; SAIL//' "
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
„;.•-• ; - May-"loT*~ •¦:.' 1
Mancalay.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier- 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Taeoma.. 5 pmPier:<2
C'.ERieK... Golofnin Bay-Teller ...... Pier IB
Rival.....'. Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
/Pt.Arer.a.. Point Arena ....... 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta. Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pro Pier . 7'
„•,¦¦. ¦¦¦• Mny ll.v ".':,":¦,-; ' . :¦ .
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City..... 3 pm Pier 13
San Pedro.: Humboldt ..;...... 10 am Pier Z.
Prentlss..;. Humboldt •.::;..... 12 mPier 1«
Santa Rosa San Diego. & Way. 9 am Pier" 11
CityPuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier : a
¦ „ May 12. .
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .;... 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Picr^ 2
Pomona.... Humboldt' ......... 1:30 p Pier mu
North Fork Humboldt .:..;.... 9 am Pier 2
;!¦;-¦•' .: - • ¦• •¦- May 13. : '. .., ¦ ,¦ ..¦.'
Argo ....... Eel River Port? . . . . 4 pm Pier i: 2
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria ;& Portland 11, am Pier 2*
¦"¦ l •'•¦ ¦ May 14. - :.\: ,-; = .• '¦
Westport.-.. Bear Harbor ..'..;. 5 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt ,..'....... 0 am Pier IS
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. -9 am Pier U
'¦¦'¦:. f ,-¦¦.•; ¦¦'May ¦15."-:. • ¦-•./ r-'^.-
Arcata.'.... Coos Bay.& Pt. Orfd 4pm Pier 13
I State Cal.. San ' Diego & -Way.. » am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt ' . . . . . .'. . . 12 . m Pier 2
_¦ '• "¦-¦ ¦: "¦ ¦'• Blay i<;. ? .\ ... it ¦ >
Guatemala. Valparaiso ; & Way. 12 -m PKr 10
Queen: 1 . .:. Puyet Sound Ports. 11" am Pier
¦¦„>" .-',;. ¦• V May. 17.;. ; •¦:,,-¦•-.¦ ¦
Peru . .... .-. Chtna' &. Japan ." :'. .' . 1 pm PMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu ¦& Kahului ....... Pier 20
'"-.• ¦ '^- " .: 'Mny 18."/:~m: -- ¦'> | '¦/.:¦-
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 amlPler 24
Alliance... Portland &¦ Way. .. ;.-..'. IPier
. T ' • : : - ¦-."¦". M ay ,1 ».;, .. ./••>. =| . .. :
Newport. . . Panama ; & Way.V. 12 ' : mlPMSS
J- ¦"'.¦.' -.¦- ' r-. May!. 20." \-JS '¦' ; -
Dora. ....:. Nome & St. Michael ...... Pier —
J. Kimball:, Nome -via 'Seattle. 4 . .;..'.. Pier —
The Kosmos liner Neko sailed yesterday for
Hamburg. She carried a large cargo.
Neko Sails for . Hamburg 1 .
Oregonian Arrives at Coronel. '
The American-Hawaiian steamship Ore-
Kon.'An arrived yesterday 'at Coronel and will
tail to-day for New York.
Steamship Alameda Sails To-Day.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Alameda
Ealls: to-day for Honolulu with a large cargo
and over seventy-five cabin passengers.
1 NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the led
hand column and the successive tides . of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth , time : column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, us
sometimes ; occurs. The heights given are in
addition to. the soundings of the United Statea
Coast, Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign' precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of referepce is the mean
of tha lower low waters.
Sun rises' '. :....... 5 ;0J
Sun sets...... ............. ............. ...7 :0S>
Moon , seti . . . .' '....¦ ..10:15 p. m.
O , Time Time Time .. Time .
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W ]L,W H Wf |L-W
10 0:20 5.7 7:18— 0.8 2^34 Ti "7I12 ~2St
11 1:01 6.5 8:12— 0.6 3:30 4.8 8:19 , 3.u
YZ 2:10' 511 0:10— 0.3 4:29 4.9 9:34 3 1
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 ,0.1 5:22 5.1 10:55 2.9
W 4:34 4.411:08 0.6 C:13 5.2..
L W ' : IH W L W ' H W
15 0:00 2.515:55 4.3 12:041 ¦0.9-7:02 5 5
16 1:12 2.0|7 :13| 4.2 1:0 \ 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:C0 . 1.5| 8:251 4.3 -1:52 1.6j 8:32! - 57
Bids for the work of overhauling the army
transport Grant have been advertised for. The
transport needs new furnaces and her boilers
will have to be thoroughly overhauled. The
repairs will be quite expensive and will occu
py 6omo time. The Grant has been the mosc
serviceable of all the ! transports and Major
Devol considers her still the best vessel of
the fleet. She has paid for herself many times
over and has fully earned the rest and • over
hauling her run down condition now demands
The Thomas docked yesterday at the transport
wharf. She is scheduled to Kail May 16
To Repair, the Transport .Grant.
Balled May 8— Stmrs Chehalis and C GlLin
dauer,' for -San • Francisco. May 7-— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco. ' •; ¦'-
FORT '• BRAGG— Arrived * May- 0— Stmr '¦. Na
tional City, • hence May ¦ S. . • .
. COOS BAY— Arrived May 9— Echr Ivy, hence
Ayril :50. '• ¦:-'•¦¦• . : :
GRAYS - HARBOR— Arrived May ; 8— Schr
Sophie Chri6tenEen,i hence Acril 28. • ••¦ ."¦'¦'¦¦•-:.,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, May 9, 10 ;m — Weather
hazy; wind WV velocity. 8 milesDer hour. .
TELEGRAPHIC,
Per stmr Peru — May o, ; 4 : p . m. ¦ lat 27, 25 N,
Ion 147 25 W, Br stmr Doric, hence May. 1, for
Honolulu and Hcnskonir. ' :. \ ¦--"-.-• ".'.-• ¦..•''
. May 5. 10 p m,-.lat .2S'1O N,; Ion r 1,46 -10 : . TV.
Stmr Sonoma, hence May ],". for Honolulu and
Sydney
April 23,. on equator. Ion -31 W — Ger; ship
Alster, from Taeoma, for Antwerp.' - •
CLEARED.
. .; Friday, May 9.
Stmr Santa Rosa,' Alexander, Saa' Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. . • •
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ger -stmr ..eko, Krause, Hamburg; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. . -•¦>.' > '.¦.'¦:
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene, Hongkong,
etc; W H Avery. .
SAILED. ' ,
Friday, May 9.
Stmr. Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.- '-"^IslNSfl
Stmr Arcata, ' Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Noyo, , Johnson, Fort Bragg. V ,•
Stmr ¦ Whitesboro, Olaen, Greenwood. ¦
j StmrGualala, Weber, Bihlera Point.
Stmr Gitisy, Leland, Santa Cruz. !
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, San Pedro. .
Ger stmr Neko, Krause, Hamburg. .' *
Jap stmr Nippon- Maru, Greene, Hongkong,
Yokohama, Honolulu and Manila. : i ; ¦
Echr Jessie Minor, Whitney, Eureka. . •
Schr North Bend. Jackson, Columbia River.
Echr Newark, Nielsen," . ; , : .
• ' :• SPOKEN, v ;j
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury, 28 days. 5. hours 16
minutes from Hongkong. ' via Yokohama .17
daj's 19 hours 42 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days
4 hours 2 minutes. ¦ ' .
• ¦ Friday, May 9. '.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 11 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr South Coast, Jamleson, 14 hours from
Albion.. y
Stmr ' Newburg, Peterson, - 69 . hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 25 hours from Eu
reka-. .
Stmr Despatch, Levinson,' 56 hours from San
Pedro, via Carpenterla 38 hours. .•
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 62 hours from San
Pedro. ,
Stmr Rival, Olaen, 70 hours from Willapa
Harbor. " , : <.
Stmr Geo Loomls, ' Bridgett, : 44 '. hours from
Rcdondo. . . :¦ ¦ ' «•» .^.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
TO ARRIVE.
. Steamer. , | . ¦ From. Due.
Algca........ Manila via Moji ....... May 10
Rival.... Willapa Harbor .... May JO
Titania .. Nanalmo ............... May 10
Santa Monica Humboldt May 10
Pomona Humboldt May 10
Columbia;... Portland & Astoria .... May 10
J>"i China & Japan May 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria May 10
Pleiad**. Oyster Harbor May ll
Chehalls Grays Harbor ... .. May ll
G.C.Lindauer Grays Harbor.'....... ... May 11
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoraa May 11
Prentlss San Pedro May .11
Argo Eel River Ports ........ May 12
Arctic .». Humboldt May 12
Euieka Humboldt .:............ May 12
Queen Huget Sound Ports May 12
Slate of Cnl.. San Diego &Way Ports. May 12
Crescent City Crescent City ; . May 12
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May l::
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports... May IS
Serapls.-*. ... . Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
Alliance. .... Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena.. Point Arena ......'. May 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & AVay Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 15
Rainier Whatcom May 15
Bonita. ...... Newport .$1 Way Ports. May 35
Coptic. China & Japan May 17
Umatilla... i. Pr.get Sound Ports... .. May 17
North Fork . . Humboldt ......... ... . . . May' 18
City of Para. .Panama & Way Port3..|May 19
Reinsurance on the German ship H. F.
Glade was yesterday advanced to 80 per cent.
She is out 202 days from this port for Liver
pool. She is loaded with grain and is the only
one of the October fleet unaccounted for. Tha
Glad* was very foul of bottom when she ar
rived her?, accumulated more marine speci
mens while lying in the harbor during the
strike and sailed from this port In first-class
condition for making a. slow passage. In spite
of the fact that she has not been spoken since
she left and in the face of the 80 per cent re
insurance, there are many that think she will
arrive safely at her destination. The rate on
the American bark Yosemlte still stands at 50
per cent. She left Newcastle. Australia 138
days ago frith a cargo of coal for Guaymas
She is considered a poor risk. The Yosemlte Is
well known in- this port and those best ac
qua'rted *vith the vessel have least hope of her
safety. She last sailed from this port July
IS. 1001. Her destination was Melbourne and
fbe was commanded by Captain Hamilton. Sho
v.a-j built at Portsmouth. N. H.. in 1S68 and
is owned by the White 'Star Trading Com-
pany. . • * .
Reinsurance Rates.
J. B. McChesney was appointed yester
day by Customs Collector Stratton as stat
istician in the Custom-house. It will be
his duty to compile for the Secretary of
the Treasury statistics relating to im
ports at San Francisco from Porto Rico
and the Philippines up to the time of the
passage of the act regulating the tariff
on the products of those islands. Mc-
Chcsney is an Oakland man and was prin
cipal of the High School of that eastern
metropolis. The appointment is but tem
porary and does not come under the civil
service rules.
Statistician in the Custom-House.
Mayor Schmitz was served yesterday !
with a subpena to attend next Tuesday's
session of the Grand Jury. The Mayor's
presence is desired by the inquisitorial
body for the purpose of discussing the
affairs of the municipality relative to the
violations of ordinances prohibiting the
obstructing of streets and other matters.
The members of the Board of Supervisors
have been summoned for a like purpose
and will in all likelihood comply with the
Grand Jury's order. The only Supervisor
who objects is Braunhart, who considers
It a presumption on the part of the Grand
Jury to summon a Supervisor before its
august presence.
Mayor to Go Before Grand Jury.
The steamer Neko of the Kosmos line sailed
yesterday for Hamburg and way ports with
a general- cargo, valued at $73,788,--' manifested
and destined as follows: For Mexico, $8500;
Central America, $14,266: Ecuador, $8121;
peru. $29,300; Cljile, $1066; Hamburg. Ger
many,, -$4935; London, England, $7600. The
following were the principal shipments:
To Mexico — 216 bbls flour. 280 lbs butter.
982 lbs bread, 27 cs canned goods, 12 bales
dry goods. 1315 lbs and 6 pkgs dried fruits. 6
pkgs groceries and provisions. 5 pkgs hard
ware, 1 pkg machinery, 6 pkgs agricultural
implements, 3 pkgs arms and ammunition,
13,828 ft lumber, 8 bales bags. 518 lbs cheese,
260 cs dynamite, 30 cs gasoline, 1249 lbs hams
and bacon, 10 cs liquors. 2 bxs fresh fruits, 7
pkgs electrical goods, 80 cs and 100 bbls ce
ment. 8 pkgs drugs, 9 pkgs building material,
13 pkgs paints and oils, 94 crs potatoes. 1006
lbs raisins, 300 lbs spices. 6 cs salmon, 180
lbs tea, 1001 gals wine. 9 crs onions, 41 cs
powder, 18 pkgs paste, 4 colls rope,- 2 bdls
paper, 3 pkgs stationery, 1110 lbs sago, "1920
lbs soda, 26 pkgs ship chandlery. 10 coils barb
wire, 99 gals and SO cs whisky.
To Central America* — 900 bbls flour, Cl cs
coal oil, 4 cs canned goods, 2 bales dry goods,
45 pkgs groceries and 'provisions, 14 pkgs
hardware, 430 bbls -lime, 45 tins bread. 25 tons
coal, 20 tins carbide. 3 pkgs boots and shoes,
815 pkgs electrical machinery, 5 tanks gaso
line, 242 lbs hams and bacon, 255 lbs grease,
48 pkgs iron,- 3 pkgs boots and shoes, 2 pkgs
paints and oils. 2 bxs paste, 3 flasks quick
silver. 10,460 lbs rice. 1320 gals wine, 3 crs
potatoes and onions, 24,510 lbs rosin, 184 lbs
sugar. 50 bdls sheet lead, "105 rolls barb wire,
10 kegs staples, 25 c» saltpeter, 200 kegs
powder.
To Ecuador— 1495 bhls flour, 41 cs salmon,
56 cs canned goods, 5 bdls brooms. 928 gals
wine, 2169 lbs hams and bacon, 214 coils rope.
4 pkgs groceries and provisions, 144 gals
whisky, 119 lbs tea, 3 bdl3 paper, 1 cs cham
pagne, • 187 lbs cheese.
To Peru — 2085 bbls flour, 57,608 ft lumber,
3454 lbs hams and bacon, SO cs canned gords.
520 gals and 51 cs wine, 2 bdls leather. 3826
lbs shrimps, 26.271 lbs tallow, 4 tanks sfll
phurlc acid. 8 bbls axle grease, 25 cs salmon,
7500 lbs dried fruits, 176 pkgs machinery, 2241
ctls wheat, 500 cs dynamite, ! 500 cs powder
cartridges. . : ..,.-.
To Chile — 15- cs canned goods, 510 lbs tea,
30 bxs soap, 4822 lbs tallow, 40 coils rope,
150 lbs hops. 100 lbs dried fruits.
To Hamhurk — 13,541 ft lumber, 11 sks grape
roots, 4 bdls ' herbs, 23 pkgs household goods,
100 bbls red oil. 200 sks abalone shells.
To London — 2000 cs salmon.
Departure of the Kosmoa Liner.
For Yokohama— R. Aral, Mrs. R. Aral and
child, Frank Deardorf, Mrs. Frank Deardorf,
Dr. R. Goto, Miss A. C. Hartshorne. Harry
Paul Jones. K. Kurolwa, A. H. Preble, IT.
Fhiraishi. S. Saito and servant. K. Tanaka.
For Kobe— Rev. W. S. Ament, Mrs. W. 8.
Ament, H. S. Holt.-D. H. Holt
For Shanghai— P. H. Ashmead, Mrs. P. H.
Ashmead. Montague Beauchamp, Mrs. Mon
tague Beauchamp. Dr. John Fryer.
For Manila— Rev. A. Arnalot. S. J. Bens E.
M. Bachrach. Rev. W. A- Brown. Mrs. W A.
Brown, Miss Marian Huff, Rev. Ltopart C J.
Nitbuhr. C. F. Preusser, H. A. C. de RuWo,
R. H. Wood.
For Hongkong— Nathan Bentz, Mrs. Nathan
Ccntz. Raymond Crane, Mrs. .M. V. Lawrence,
Miss C. V. Lawrence, Theodore Santos Gus
tavo Schick, Dr. Fritz Schlck.
From Honolulu — J. E. Bell, N. Frei S. M
Morris.
lines is proving a success,, and
with each direct steamer the shipments
from this port are increasing. Passenger
traffic is also picking up. The Nippon
Maru, which is the first of the Japanese
boats to touch at Manila, sailed yester
day with a large cargo and eleven cabin
passengers for the Philippine port.
She had about fifty passengers for
other Oriental ports and will pick up
Ecme more at Honolulu. '
The passengers to Manila included sev
eral missionaries and their wives and a
number of business men, either interest
ed in the Orient ox out looking for trade
openings. .
She carried the following:
THE new direct schedule to Manila
as operated by the Toyo Kisen
Kaisha. Pacific Mail and Occi
dental and : Oriental - steamship
. NEW WHATCOM— Arrived May ? 9— Stmr
Rainier, .from Seattle..
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May. 8— Schr
Meteor, from- San Pedro. . ¦•
SEATTLE— Sailed May. 0— Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco. , .
Arrived May 9— Stmr Umatilla, hence May 6.
Sailed May 9— U S stmr Thetis, for Alaska.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived May 9— Schr
Wm Renton, from Whatcom.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 9— Schr W F
Jewett. from San Pedro, for .Taeoma.
Passed out , May- 9— Schr Courtney Ford,
from Port Hadlock. for San Francisco; bktn
Skagit, from Port Gamble, for Hilo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 9— Stmr Luella,
from Caspar; .stmr Coos Bay, hence May 6;
schr "Wawona, from Grays Harbor; schr Aza
lea, from Eureka. •
Sailed May 0— Stmrs -" Coos Bay. and Aber
deen, forsSan Francisco; schr Sadie, for Ump
qua.
TACOMA— Sailed May 9— Br ship Laomene,
for Fremantle.
EUREKA— Sailed May 9— Stmrs Pomona
and ¦ Acme and schr Fortuna, for San Fran
cisco. . : ., . . - • ¦
ASTORIA — Sailed May 9— Stmr laqua, for
San Francisco,
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 9— Stmr
Alcazar, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May ,9— Stmr Fren
tiss. from Alcatraz Island. , ..
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived May 9— Stmr
Crescent City, hence May 7. -
Sailed May 9— Stmr Del Norte, for San
Francisco. • -• .¦•-¦• ¦ « - - ¦ ¦
FOREIGN 2 PORTS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 7— Ital ahlp F S
Ciampa,; hence Nov 11. . .. »
SHIELDS— Sailed May 7— Br cable stmr for
Vancouver. -
LIZARD— Passed May 8— Br stmr "Glenesk,
fromTacoma, for London. •. > ¦¦¦
DOVER — Passed May 7 — Br ship St Enoch,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
OYSTER HARBOR — Arrived May 9 — Schr
Americana, from San Pedro.
CORONBL — Arrived May 9 — Stmr Oregon
ian, from Kahulu!, to sail May 10 for New
York.- . . .
VICTORIA— Arrived May 9— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Hongkong:.
ALTATA— Sailed May S— Brig Lurltne, for
San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived May 9— Stmr Lor
raine, from Havre.
Sailed May 9 — Stmr Celtic, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 9 — Stmr Belgen
land, from Philadelphia. ;
CHERBOU KG— Sailed May 0— Stmr Aueuste
Victoria, from Hamburg, and Southampton, for
New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed May 9— Stmr Anchoria,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Numidian,
from Llveroool, for Montreal.
QUEENSXOWN— Sailed May 0— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Liverpool, for Boston, i -
BOULOGNE — Sailed May 9— Stmr Staten
dara, from Rotterdam, for New York. •
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 9— Stmr Au
guste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York,
via Cherbourg. ' ' . , •
Movements of Steamers.
The demolishing party was reinforced
by Secretary J. Leo Park, police officers
end deputy sheriffs. The house contained
three rooms and was full of machinerv.
Simpsrn formally protested against re
moving his belongings and pleaded for
more time. As he had repeatedly neglect
ed to comply with orders to remove the
house his request was refused. The ma
chinery was removed first and the house
was then torn down and the pieces carted
to the Corporation Yard.
Tlie Board of Public Works yesterday
morning sent a force of men consisting of
three carpenters and three laborers, under
the supervision of Inspector John Hor
gan. to tear down the house belonging to
O. W. Simpson, which for months has ob
structed Shrader street, between ' Haijrht
and Waller. The Sheriff had moved the
house into the street on a writ of resti
tution issued by the Superior Court and
the Supervisors ordered its removal as an
obstruction.
Pieces to the Corporation
Yard.
Board of Works' Officials Bemove the
DEMOLISHES HOUSE THAT
*' OBSTRUCTED THE STREET
groceries and provisions, 69 pkgs hardware, 87
pigs lead, 200 cs mineral water, 10,960 lbs
beans, 2000 lbs codfish, 1860 lbs cheese, f>55 lbs
dried fruit. 100 cs b'&ckberry brandy, 49 pkgs
drugs, 39 pkgs electrical goods, 8 pkgs machin
ery. 9 pkgs bicycles and sundries, . 11 cs hats,
15,200 lbs hams and bacon, 11 pkgs leather,
7600 lbs lard. 25 cs nails. 10,146 lbs dried
pnas, 2 pkgs paints and oils. 43 cs rubber
goods, 1650 lbs seeds, 1000 cs salmon, 08 bxs
type, 103 cs whisky. 15 cs potash. 21 coils
rope, 31 pkgs boots and shoes, 400 lbs starch,
25 bxB soap, 45 pkgs stationery, 960 gals spir
its. 200 cs and 28 gals whisky.
To. China — 1203 bbls flour. 113 cs canned
goods, 500 lbs dried . fruits, 500 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 20 pkgs hardware, 588 pigs
lead, 516 lbs hams and bacon, 3 pkgs fresh
fruits. 1058 lbs cheese, 200 csks bottled beer,
6S0O lbs pearl barley, 3 bxs soap, 14,770 lbs
seaweed. 35 sks sea shells.
To Korea — 5 pkgs groceries and provisions.
13 pkirs hardware, 1 bale dry goods, 64 cs
whisky.
To East Indies — 585 <a canned salmon. 3
pkgs groceries.- 231 cs assorted canned goods.
To;Vladivostok— rll pkgs machinery, 38 pkga
groceries and provisions, 2 pkgs hardware. ¦
To - Slam — 0 pkgs croceries.
fihook was charged with an attempt to
commit robbery. He entered a store at
*.'M Hayes street on February 6 and asked
The clerk, William Grojran. where he kept
the cash register. Grogan told him there
was no cash register, only a money
tirawer, and Shook walked behind the
counter. Just then a' customer entered
the store and Shook walked out.
Cornelius O'Brien, who pleaded guilty
tn assault with a deadly weapon before
.Judge Dunne, was yesterday sentenced
to one year's imprisonment in the county
.iail. He stabbed Edward Alvarado in the
abdomen during a dispute about opium.
Harry Smith was tried by a jury in
Judge Cook's court on a charge of burg-
J rA? d was convicted. Daniel Kelly
and Thomas Schinkle. charged with the
same offense, pleaded guilty, while John
Brown, another defendant, demanded a
separate trial, which was set for May 15.
Smith, K>IIy and Schinkle will be sen
tenced to-day. The four defendants broke
into the Del Monte Ranch Dairy. 2145
Pine street.
Dever was accused of striking William
Hallinan several times on the head wfth
¦ beer glass in a saloon at 133 Third
street.
Clarke was tried before a Jurv on a
charge of burglary. He was accused of
breaking into a Japanese bath house at
£21 Sacramento street.
In less than an hour three defendants
vere discharged in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday morning, one by a jury and
two on motion of the Assistant District
Attorney, as the was insufficient.
They were Otis Clarke, Patrick Dever
and H. W\ Shook.
As the prisoner was being taken -from
the court room by Bailiff Mann to the
city prison she met Michels, who was
talking to a friend in the corridor. Rais
ing her clenched list, she uttered an oath
and made a vicious blow at Michels' face.
The bailiff seized her arm and threw her
t'» one side, otherwise Michels would have
boen injured, as she is a powerfully
built woman. She struggled to get at
>lichels again, but was hustled along to
the elevator. Her conviction has given
great satisfaction to the police depart
ment, as she is considered to be a dan
gerous woman.
Belle Xaylcr. alias Scott, the colored
woman who bought a revolver Tuesday
afternoon to kill a few policemen, was
convicted by a jury in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday on a charge of grand lar
ceny. She will be sentenced next Satur
day. She stole $100 from Mathlas Michels,
a butcher from Portland, in a saloon on
Kenrny street. March 3.
Throe Defendants Are Given
Their Freedom by the
Superior- Court.
After Conviction Belle
Naylor Strikes at
Complainant.
WOMAN ASSAULTS
MAN SHE ROBBED
NIPPON MARU SAILS ON TIME
WITH BIG CARGO FOR MANILA
Toyo Kisen Kaisha Mailboat Has Among Passengers a Number of
Prominent Japanese and Carries to Manila Men of Mercan
tile Pursuits and Some Missionaries— Alameda? Sails To-Day
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
10
A T> VgTRTISEJOJfTS. -v
"Absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS musl
hear signature of •^^^^^
Very small and as easy
¦ imp uet An&ru? r%r^r^v
btt CARTERO FORDiniMESS. ° E ' C '
Kittle for biliousness. .-.,.„.«
GENUINE 1 I vfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
I PIII^ FOR CONSTIPATION.
U/DADDCD J MB FOR SALLOW SWH. WRAPPER
WRAPPEH \MmsM [fur THFnnMPLEx;a?i
"fk-hsttbid v oisr red paper:
BAXLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains 1^ *'
(Main Line, foot of Market Street )
~LEATE — FBOM APBlt. 20. 1903. — AKBIVB
7.00*. Benlcta. Sulsun, Elmlra and Sacrv
mtoti 6.55f
7.00a Vacavllle, Winter*. Rumsey 7.55?
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa. GallstoKa. Santa Rosa 6-25p
8.00a Davis, Woodland. Knighto Landing,
MarysTllle, Oroville 7-55p
8.C0a Atlantic Kxpre3»—0stden and Ea»t. 8.254.
8 00a Miles, Lsthrop, Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Xlles. Mendota, llanford, Vlsalis, • ¦.-¦^••*
Porterrliie : 4 55?
830a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), WUlowa,
• Red Bluff, Portland 755?
8.30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placervllle,
Marysvllle. Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25p
8.30a Oakdale,CnInese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25p
9.00a Vallejo 12.25*
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stoekton,Mereed.
Raymond. Fresno sndLosAn^eles 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55i»
tl 0.00a Hayward. Xlles and Way Stations. t!2.55?
1000a. The Overland Limitea — Ogden,
Denver. Omaha. Chicago. B-25?
t1-00? Sacramento River Steamers tti-OOr
3.00? Benicia. Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysvllie. Oroville 1065*
3.30r Hayward, Niles and Way Stations.. 765?
400? Martinez,San Kamon.Vallejo,Napa,
Call stoga. Santa Rosa 9.25a
4.00? Xlles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 1225?
4.30? Hayward,Nlles,SanJose,Llvermor« 18.55*
4.30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Saujus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
5.00? PortCosta.Tr*cy,Lathrop.Stockton 10.25a
6.00? Martinez. Antiocb. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t530? Xlles Local 725a
6-00? Hayward, NHes and San Jote 745a
t8.00? Vullejo 11 25a
6.00? Oriental Mall— Ogden. Deaver.
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 4 25 P
7.00? San Pablo. Port Costa, .Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
$7.00? Vallejo.... 755?
8-05? Oregon & California Express— Sac- .-., , ;
ramento, Marysville, Bedding.
Portland, Pag£t Sound and East. 8.55a
$9.1 Or Hayward and Klles fM.55*
COAST Ll N E (Narrow 6ao S e).
(Foot of Market Street.) ;
X7A5a Santa Cruz Excursion 13.05?
8.1 5a Kewark, Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50?
t2.15? Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15? Newark. San Jose. Los Gatos t360A
M.I 5? San Jo«e. Los Gatos. Santa Crnz... «8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 17:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. -|.oo 3 CO 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:0O J3:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2.00 400 ?.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Gaoa?t)).
-• (Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 640 a
t7.00a San Jose and Way stations t3004
7.00a NewAlwaden , /4.10?
J7.15a Monterey Excursion tSZQf
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Je»<>, ¦
. Gllroy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45?
9. 00a San Jose. Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.38a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 9-46*
a1.30f San Jose and Way Stations «7.0C*
t245? San Mateo, Redwood, Pslo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres ' .
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove .-. tl 0.45a
• 3.30? San Jose, Del Monte. Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations 7-30?
14.15? Pan Jose and Principal Way Stations 5.30?
tS-OO? San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ... t9.CQA
5-30? San Jose aad Principal Way Stations 6-30?
6.30? San Jose and Way Stations 7-30?
7.00? New Orleans Express— San Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
a-eles, Demlng. El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10.30a
«1 1 .45? San Jose and Way Stations .
*~ A for Mornrng. P for Afternoon.
+ Sunday ezcepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. e Monday only. «¦
ft Saturday and /Tuesday aad Friday-
Sunday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAXT.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX : KRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a m.; 12:30.
3:30. 6J.0, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips a.1
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1^0. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAKli TO SAX FRAXC1SCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35. 7:50.- 9:20. 11:1*
a. m. ; 12:5O, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
— Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 8:25 p.m.,
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrtv«
San Frandacot May 4. 1902. |San Francisco
Week I Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- t Weei
Days. I days. | tlon. [days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacio 9:10 a 8-40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 10:20 s>
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6-20 a
I 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a! 8:40 a.
3:3Cp 9:30 a and C:05p|10:20a
5:10 p 5:'J0p Santa Rosa 7:35 pi 6:20 p
¦¦_ • I Fulton ~ '
7:3Cal /. . Windsor . 10:20 ft
. 5:00 p Healdsburr 10:40 a
Lytton |
Geyservlll*
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 8:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a| Hopland |10:40 a|10:2O a
a:3Op|5:UOp| Ukiah |7:33p| 6:20 1»
7:.-»0a| 8:00a| Wlllita 17:35p| 6:20 p
7:."0 a | 8:00 al Guerneville \~itt p!10:20~»
3:30 pj o:0Op| (10:40 a| «-J>0 l>
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoma I 9:10 at 8:40 »
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol (10:40 a[10:20~»
a:30pf 5:00 p| 1 7:35 pi 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie
W'est. Sprints and White Sulphur Springs- at
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdate for the Geysers and Boonevllle" ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lak-«I
port and Bartlett' Springs; at Ukiah 'or .Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, iaurcl
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day"a. Riverside. Llerley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvlile Orr"i
Hot Springs. Half-Way House. Comptche
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort
Bragg. Westport. .Usal; at Willlta for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville, Cumminga
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Pepper-
wood. Scotia and Eureka. :
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. -650 Market street. Chronic!*
building. • ¦ •
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Vn**. Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
612J> KEABSY ST. Established
li» 1S34 for the treatment of frtteM
IttHfitse*. Trfnt Manhood. - TJehUlty or
ilist-a*" wearlntrnn body unit miml and
Skin Disuses. The Doctorcun-swhen
otlwrs fail. Try hin>. rhnrKc* low.
<i.rr.~i..ira.i(.r.l. Cull or write.
Br. J. »'. ClinnuX, han FrHiicisco, Cal.
IfieHyCfsioosfiileai
T CRAM'S SUPERIOR > ATLAS,
A , car-load ot Call Superior
; Atlaie's i has . arrived , and they .
Tare', now : ready;', for distribu-
tion. All nnbncrlliern to The
Call are entitled to r a copy of
'.this • Breat ;. book . at :thc preni- :
lum -rate ¦ of,, fl 5O, Out of
town subscribers denirine ~ *
'copy of thla splendid prem-
ium will be lupplleil on re-
ceipt" i of fl ico; '- All mail
orders Will be ' Khlppcd byci-
: press at > subscriber's expense.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IT'S A TOUGH PROPOSITION
To convince some people that our meth-
ods effect . no more wear on their linen
than all hand work, but if you're a skep-
tic, we want but one package from you
to convince you that such Is a fact. '
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
. Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
; | ¦ — —
220 BROADWAT. N. T. ->i •¦.•='¦
R Barker's i i
. Balsam:
< Promotes .the growth of tne hair and ! '
<; gives It the lustre and silMness of youth, j!
!> When tho hair Is gray or faded It < ' -
S BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. I
L' It prevents Dandruff and hair falling <
and keeps tho scalp clean and healthy. J ',
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its ov.-n merits. ;
NABER. AL.FS & BRCNE, Agents.
«323 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
BAILWAY TBAVEL
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
L*avc M«rfcet-strw>t Ferry Depot.
.. .-. . Local L.lm'd Ovrl'd Local i
' Daily Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran ":20a 9:00a 8:00p 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:30 j>
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
•• Vlealia.. 3:39 pi 6:00 a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago 2:lSp 9:00p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9 :00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for -accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresna
local. Corresponding train arrives *t 12:30
p m. daily. , :-'.-'
"8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers ' and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; alsa
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
tfally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor- ~
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
¦ Offices — 641 Market street and tn Ferry
Depot,' San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
_Oakland. ..— iii.. MMm 'i,, m^m— ¦¦ ,
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
~Vla Saxmallto l«'erry,
Comincncins April ' 27, 1W2
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLET
' AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— <>:45, »7:45, t>:45, 9:30 11-00
a. m., 12:20, »1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. •6-13
o:45. 9:45. 11:45 p. m. . 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley. ; - :
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. MO:©©. 11-00
11:30 a. m., 12:30. *l:30. 2;30, »3:45, 5:00 600*
T:30. U:45. 11:45 d. m. . ' .'
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCI"CO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. 'fl^O. 7:40, 8:15 i»-jo
11:00 a.> m.. 12:25, 2:15. *3:30. 4:40, 5:so « : »3 -
10:15 p. m. '. " . ;
SUNDAYS— 6:00, *8:00. 9:30. •11:00 a, m '
•la.CO m.. 1:00. 2J5. »3:30. 4:15. »5:45 6li'
7-.au. 10:15 p. m. ' °"'
. Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45 8^25 »•«
11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:43, 3:56. 5:l6. 5:2a wo*
10:15 u. m. . ***
- SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:53. 10:05. 11:10 a m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. loTiO
V ' ™' THROUGH TRAINS. '
7:45 a. m. week days— Cazadero and war
stations. - . , *
, 3:15 .p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and "way
stations. - : - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ v
6:15 p. to. week days (Saturdays except ed)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadsro and way
stations. ' . •
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. -. .-,-.¦¦ . . »
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Eunday ' time. ..
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave ., I Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive -
San Fran/ 1 Foot of Market St. . San Fran.
Week Sun- _. .-,."•¦ ~~- '¦ ~ Sun- Week
9:Ma. 8:00 a. p^ wtura!a , rafM a , 7£0 ea6 T . 9J5a.
::::::::: I™*: "nnsioFTmipn- s^p: :::::::::
¦....'..::. 2:30 P. Opa3«Ilt*.jeMr»uo<l. 8:15 P. .....¦-...
SITUHOif S OUT— LnnTtnn f:3n r. inln S.a FrmaolKO 11:35 ». .
. TiA*t OSm. Cil a ARSE t tTBXXX tad SAtSALlTO FIK11X.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.... .. ~'~ *• -
fluttering or irregular pulsa-
tions are an indication of weak-
ness of the nerves or muscles
of the heart. A weakness long
continued produces deformity
and organic disease. If your
heart action is weak, make it
strong. Build up the muscles
¦ a.nd strengthen the nerves with
the greatest of all heart reme-
dies, Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
! "The least exertion or excite-
ment caused my heart to throb
and pound and J. had smothering
spells, pain acd palpitation.
Three bottles ot Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure overcame ali these disturb.
| ances and made me well;" - " ->
1 . Mes. J. A. Couts, '.
Upper Sandusky, Ohio, »;
D*. MHes"
Hea?t Cti*e
quiets the nervous heart, regu-
lates its pulsations and builds
up its strength as nothing- else
can. Sold by druggists on a
guarantee. ''j ,
Dr. Miles Uedical Co.. Elkhart,' Ind.EASTERN MARKETS.
London \ Wool Sales
LONDON, May 9.— The offerings at the wool
NEW YORK, May 9.— A gain in price of tin
at London caused a further gain here of 75
points, closing the spot market at $29 75@29 85.
London closed with spot at £135 and futures at
£131 15s. A sale of five -tons spot was made
at $29 75. -¦ . '<
: Copper was firmer with lake at $11 00 elec
trolytic, at $11 65@11. 80, and casting at $11 70
@U 75. Sales. were 30,000 pounds electrolvtlc
for September delivery at $11 SO. At London
the market for copper was 5s higher, closing- at
£53 10s for both spot and futures.
Lead ruled steady here at 4%c and London
wafc Is 3d lower at £11 11s 3d.
Spelter , was unchanged at New York, at
$4 40, but London was 2s 6d higher at £18 10i
-European iron markets 1 were firmer. Glas
gow closed at " 52s (is and Middlesboro at *4Sa
9d. .:¦ -¦ • '• ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦,¦-...
¦The local market was steady and unchanged
with warrants nominal; No. 1 foundry North
ern,. $19fa20; No. 2 foundry. Northern i $16(fl>
18; • No. 1 Southern. S17 5O@1S; No. 1 foundry
Southern, soft, $17 50® 18.
New York Metal Market.
1
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July. Sept.
Opening 6 1% 0 1% ' 6 3&
Closing ....61% ' 6 1% 03
• • . PARIS.
Wheat — Sept. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 10 20 30
Closing • ...22 00 20 35
Flour .
Opening ..; 20 55 26 30
Closing •• 26 00 26 30
DRESSED MEATS.
' Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7t3C for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows. ¦
VEAL — Large, 7@8c; smnll. S@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®8%c; Ewes, 7%©
8c per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 0®10%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hoes. 7%©»%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are. for good round
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, S%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — 5®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@-l%c; Ewes, 3®3%c per
lb (cross welght>. . ¦ ;
k LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%®Gc per lb llveweight; yearlings, 4
©4%c oer lb.
HOGS — Live Hcgs, 200 lbs and under, 0%c;
200 lbs and over, C@6%c; feeders, tt@
6%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars, 60 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off Irom the above
quotations. . : . -
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July, 60: San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32S'33c; Fleece
Twine, "7%@Sc.
COAL — Wellington. $0 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $8 GO; ' Bryant. - «« 50;
Roslyn, 1 $7; Coos Bay, $5 50: Greta,. $8; Wallsl
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $S 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Esg. ——: Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel. $11'; per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in tacks;. Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 DO per ton,
a»*< % r>rdlnir to brand. r:;.
Harrison's circular eays; "During the w«ek
All descriptions remain as before quoted.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Foreign Futures.
New York Stock Market.
Totals, Canada $52.7.90,846 20 1 ¦
?Not included in totals because enntni^i',^
other items than clearings. •?Not included
totals because of no comparison for last year.
New red Onions .were In free supply and
prices were slightly lower." There were no
Nevadas offering -and the quotations are with
drawn. Australian were offering freely at the
quotations, but moved slowly. A few hundred
sacks of Oregon are expected by steamer to
day. I , , ' . ,
I Asparagus cleaned up well at improved
prices under a steady local demand. The can
ners offered 75c@$l for the No. 2 and $1 25
for the No. 1, but were unable to procure any
great amount. Rhubarb was dull, with stocks
accumulating. String Beans . had a sharp de
cline under heavier receipts. Choice • offerings
of Tomatoes sold promptly at full figures
Close on to 1000 boxes were received by steamer
from Mexico. • -. . :
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2i,Ac per lb*
old, ;$1 B0©r7.Vfor Burhanks from the river:'
Oregon Burbanks. $1 0002 15; Oregon- Garnet"
Chiles. $1 50<S'l 05: River Reds, $1 30@r50;
Early Rose, for »-»ed. St »>:><ai 75; Oresron Bur
banks, for seed, $1 C5@l 75; Sweets, $2 25 foi
Merced. ' ¦ '. :•-".¦• _¦'¦¦¦¦ '.
ONIONS — Australian. $3 50@3 75, seconrt
hands; new red, 85c@$l per sack;.SUverskins,
75c<g$l per box. : v * , ¦ .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
?2 per box, $1 50@l 75 for No. 1 and 85c@l 25
for No. r 2: Rhubarb,^40gM5c per • box;- extra
fancy, 75c©$l: Green. -Peas, 75@90c-per sack
and lc per lb to the canners; Garden Peas, $1
The market for old Potatoes showed no
change. The Oregon steamer is due to-day
with fresh supplies -and buyers were holding
off awaiting her arrival. New Potatoes were
offering freely, and | some extra choice Garnet
Chiles from the Mission sold at 2%c per lb.
but the quotations cover the general run of
offerings.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 60@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25®3 50; Flax, $2 25CT2 60;
Canary. 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@
2Vic; Hemp, 3%c oer. lb. • ¦
DRIED PEAS — Niles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal.
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 10; small WKite, $2 B0
@2 65; large White, $2 50@2 C5; Pea, $3 25®
3 50;. Pink, $2 10@2 25; Red, $2 50@2 75-
Blackeye. $4 75<S;3; Limas, $3 60@3 70; Red K;d
reys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl. , . . /
The Bean market has quieted down consid
erably. The demand for shipment is now light
and buyers are indifferent. Quotations show
no further chanse.
Beans and Seeds.
STOCK MARKET.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
eteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red,
83c- No. 2 yellow corn, 60%(i?!61c; No. 2 oats,
42%@13 l >;,c; No. 2 white, 45@45%c; No. 3
white, 43%@45c; No. 2 rye, 58 %c; good feed
ing barley, 54c; fair to choice malting, 08<S>
71c; No.-l flaxseed, $1 «4; No; 1 Northwestern,
$1 72; prime timothy seed, $6 80; mess pork,
per bbl, $17 30(^17 35; lard, per 100 lbs, $10 30
<S10 32%; short ribs sides (loose), $9 65@9 75;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 8@9Vic; short
clear sides (boxed), $10 10@10 20; whisky,
basis of hish wines, $130; clover, contract
grade. $8 35. '' . ¦ ¦ ; .. ¦¦
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 17,000 12,000
Wheat, bushels ..'........ 32,000 263,000
Corn/ bushels 040,000 189,000
Oats, bushels 230,000 ; 407,000
Barley, bushels 20,000 4. 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak; creamery. 19@21%c; dairy,
17©20c. Cheese, easy, 12@13c. Eggs, un
changed; fresh, 14%c.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%@llc; medium. 9%®10c; light, 8@
lie- Cow Hides, 9c tor heavy and S®S%c for
light: Stags, 6%@7c; Salted Kip, 8%@9c-
Kilted Veal, 9@9%c: Salted Calf, 10c; Dry
Hides. 15@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry Ktp, 11013c;
Dry Calf, 16® 18c: CuUs and Brands, 15c |
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 65@75c; long
Wool, 00c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, %•> 75
S3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, $1
ror small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium. $1 ror
small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32 %c; dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 32%c. G^iat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
35c.
TALLOW— L No. 1 rendered, 6%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4i/.@5c; grease." 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring — Northern free, 14<@16c; do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free, 130150;
do. defective, 12@13c; Southern. 12 months, a@
10c; do, 7 months, 9311c; Foothill, ll©13o,
Nevada, 12@15c per lb.
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HAY— Wheat. $0011 BO: Wheat and Oil.
$8 50@H: Oat. $S@10 50; Alfalfa, $S@U; CI<£
ver. $J@'J; Volunteer, $0 50©8 00; Stock, ?ti©8
per ton. ' "-- * .
STRAW — iO@C5o per bale.
All descriptions remain as before quoted
BRAN— $17@18 50 oer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 per ton.
vFEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@2l 50
per ton: Oilcake Meal at ths mill, $25@2U; -Job
bing, $26 50<027; Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn
Meal. $20 50@30; Cracked Corn, $jo 50ir3i;
Mixed F*ied, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal. S20 SO.
Hav and Feedstuffs.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday; possibly light showers; fresh
Eovthwest wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers; fresh south
erly wind.
Southern Califomis — Cloudy, unsettled
¦weather Saturday; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday; brisk southwest
wi:ids.
Th«» temperatures remain nearly normal. In
the £an Joaquin Valley and also over Southern
Arizona very warm weather is reported.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. "May 10. 1902: ¦
The pressure has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Coast during the past
twenty-four houre. Along the Wnshingtcn
coast the fall has been rapid; elsewhere slight.
A moderate depression overlies th«- intcrmount
ain region and conditions are becoming fa
vorable for showers generally over the coast.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Articles O?en. HlKh. Low. Close.
Ma^ h . e . at .. N ?:. 2 r 74^ 74% 74% 74%
July... 74% 75 74% 74%
September 73%. 73% 73% -73^,
Mai 0 ™..* 0 :. 2 .?. C0% 60% 60% 00%
July 61% 61% 61% 61%
September 60 60% \ 59% 60%
M°y at f.. No ;.frr. 42% 43 42% 42%
July (old) 34% .34% 31% 34%
July (new) 36% 36% 36% 36%
Sept. (old)...... 29% 29% 29 29%
Sept. (new) 30% -31% 30% 31
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May ...17 17% 17 35 17 15 17 30
j u k. .17 25 17 45 17 25 17 42%
September 17 30 17 45 17 30 17 45
Lard per 100 His —
Mav...... 10 27% 10 32% 10 22% 10 32%
julv , 10 25 10 32% 10 25 10 25
SepVmber 10 30 10 37% 10 30 . 10 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ,-
May -• 9 72%
Julv : .. » 65 9 72% ¦ 9 65 9 72%
September 9 72% 9 75 9 70 9 75
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five, tierces, 10%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8tt@S%c per lb for
compound and 12@12%c for pure; half-barrels
l.ure. 12%©12%c: 10-lb tins. 12%®l3c; 5-ib
tins, 12%@13%c; 3-lb tins, 12%®13',4c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light
15o for extra light and 16@17c.for sugar-cured'-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, 13%@14c: Mess Beef, $9®9 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, t\\gh
11 50; prime Mess Pork, $15 50016; extra clear
$23: Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50®
12 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef 13V.@14c per lb. ,..
Some of the local dealers advanced their quo
tations for Lard and sugar-cured Bacon, which
explains the wider range in these products
Others continue to sell at previous prices Th»
market is unsettled, but dull.
Chicago was strong and higher on the day.
The movement in Hogs' was light and the cash
demand was fair. ,
Provisions.
.*f-toria 29.92 62 50 SW Cloudy .00
linker 29. SO 74 42 SE Cloudy .00
Carton 29. SO 72 40 £W Cloudy .00
lurt-ka 29.98 C2 48 W Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.84 86 52 W Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.86 74 36 HW Cloudy .00
Focatello Ida.29.86 78 44 S Pt Cldy .00
Independence .29.78 80 50 KE Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 29.90 76 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.72 96 68 NW Clear .00
Portland 29.84 70 50 SW. Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 29.90 74 54 PE Cloudy .00
Restburpr 29.88 68 54 NW Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.90 72 SO -S Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 29. SO SO 54 NE Clear T.
San Francisco.30.ro 62 50 W Clcudy .00
S L. Obispo. .29.98 70 54 • W Cloudy .00
San Diego 29.92 64 56 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle ..29.88 CS 50 K Cloudy .00
Srtkane 29. S4 74 56 NE Cloudy T.
Nf ah Bay 29.86-56 46 N Cloudy .00
"VValla W»lla..29.78 78 52 S Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.78 78 38 W Cloudy .00
yuna 2ft. 74 PS 64 S Clear .00
Total shares sold.445,900
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 109% |L & N uni 4s 102%
Do coup 108%|Mex Central 4s... 83
V S 3s reg 108% Do 1st inc 33
Do coup 108% M & St L 4s 104%
U S new 4s reg. ..137% MK&T 4s 101
Do coup 137% Do 2nds 83%
U S eld 4s reg 111% N Y Cent lsts...lO4%
Do coup Hl% Do gen 3%s 109
U S,5s reg 103% N J Cent gen 5s. 139
Do coup 105% Nor Pacific 43 105%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3s 73%
Do adj 4s 94 Nor & W con 4s. . 101 %
Baltimore & O 4s. 102% Read gen 4s $$%
Do 3%s 90% 8 L & I M c 5s. 116%
Do conv 4s 108% S L& S F 4s 99
Can So 2nds 10S% S LSW lsts 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 109 Do 2nds 64%
Do 1st inc 86 S A & A P 4s 90'A
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% So Pacific 4s 95%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% So Railway 5s 122%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96 Tex & Pac lsts... 121*1
C M & St P g 4sm6Vi T St L & W 4s... 83
C & NW con 7s.. 135 Union Pac 4s.. . 106 '
C RI & P 4b 111% Do conv 4s 107%
C C C & S L g 4s.lo3% Wabash lsts 119%
Chi Term 4s 88 Do 2nds 110%
Colo & So 4s. 95% Do deb B... 7C&
D&RG 4a 104% (West Shore 4 s 114%
Erie prior lien 4s.l00' / iiW & L E 4s... »3U
Do gen 4s 87%jWIs Cent 4s 94
F W & D C lsts. 114 Cont Tob 4s..... ". CO
Hocking Val 4%s.lllii'
MINING. STOCKS.
Adams Con ..'... 20 Little Chief 10
Alice 45 Ontario 775
Breece 50 Ophir eo
Brunswick Con.. 11 Phoenix 00
Com Tunnel 05% Potosi .." 23
Con Cal & Va. . . 1 55 Savage 13
Deadwood Terra. 75 Sierra Nevada . . 27
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes '40
Jron Silver '. 73 Standard ..... ...3 30'
Leadville Con... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— _ ¦ Westinghse com.. 107
Call loans 5 @0 Mining — .
Time loans ....4%@5 Adventure 23
Bonds — AHouez h~ 3 w
Atchison 4s 102% Amalgamated ... 671^
Gas lsts 74 Bingham * }; 7 £
N E Gas & Coke. 58% Calumet & Hecla.555
Railroads — Centennial . .. . 20
Atchison .V ... 79% Copper Range ... sou
Do pfd 07% Dominion Coal . . 137
Boston & Maine. 198 Isle Royale ...... 10
Boston E!e\'ated..l60 Mohawk ....... 37
N Y N H & H...234 Osceola <Kii
Fitchburg pfd ...140 Parrot 2«i|
Union Pacific ...104% Quincy 125
Mexican Central.. 27% Santa Fe Copper. 2{4
Miscellaneous — ; Tamarack ... . . 172
American Sugar. .128% Trimcuntain ..... 95'
¦ P S K O 2 J
I iiftfi *• l
i P ? f i f
* — - — *
CHICAGO, May 9.— At the outset wheat
showed a fairly firm tone on the colder weather
in the Northwest, dryness in the Southwest, re
ports of still further retarded spring wheat
sowing because of moisture, and crop damage
reports from" Kansas. -Yesterday's j cash situ
ation was still bullishly effective and handlers
of cash stuff still reported a continuance of the
demand aroused during the recent decline. Of
ferings were light and receipts were Email.
Although the demand was only fair, it was suf
ficient to hold up the market. A fair export
business was done at the seaboard. July
opened unchanged to %c higher at 74%c to
74%c sold up to 75c, fluctuated narrowly and
closed firm, %c up, at 74%c. -
Although corn trade was slow much of the
time in sympathy with the waiting wheat
market the tone ruled strong under the pre
vailing' bullish sentiment.- July closed %(&%c
UI> Oats were strong and fairly active. July
closed ' strong at its top figure, 5c higher, at
T*here was some liquidation for profits in pro
visions but it was not sufficient to retard a
good advance. Prices were- higher all day and
the tone ruled strong on the higher prices at
the yards. ' • ,,
The leading futures ranged as tfollows:
Chicago Grain Market.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, Sc; 2-crown. 6K
@7%c; Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown arid
OVic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown 5»ic-
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7Q
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials $a-
Dehesa. $2 50; Fancy. $1 50; London Layers'
SI 2501 35. . .
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell; 11U C - No
2 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No 2 7c"
Almonds, 10%@12c for . papershell, 9@10c tar
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts 5®
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c- Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanut*
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9<311e
for light amber; water white extracted 5«s
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4«c: dark*. 4o
BEESWAX— 27%®29c per lb. ' 4c '
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals' and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried, 5@5%c; Peaches.
6Vi@8V4c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 5<@6c
unpltted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, B%@6c for red
and 5%@Cc for white; figs, 3%@4if!0 for black
and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows
30-40s, 6%©6%c; 40-50s, 5<S5}4c: 50-COs 4%
@4%c; 60-70s, 4@4%c: 70-SOs, 3%@3%c; 80-
Sosr303V,c; 00-lOOs. 2%®2%c per lb.
The situation remains unchanged,
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR->-Californla Family Extras. $3 60©
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 00;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 tor Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3®
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Kice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, ?3 ita; extra
cream do,. $4; Oat Groata, $5 25; Hominy, Si®
4 *>5; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50@4 76; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35&y- iiV
sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, 55 E0; Spin
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Grays. $1 32%@1 40; whites, $1 32%@1 45-
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black. $1 20@l 32% -red'
$1 30© 1 42% per ctl. \ •
CORN— Conditions remain as before and
quotations show no change. '
Large Vellow. 4jl J7%«-1 47%; small round
do $1 40@l 50; White, $1 50@l 60. Q
RYE— 90@95c per ctl. "
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal.
Regular Morning Session — May — 2000 ctls
06%c; 12,000, 96%c; 4000, 06%c. July, new—
6000, 83c. December — 20C0, SIVic; 4000 81%c
Afternoon Session — No sales. '
OATS — The market remains firm at previous
prices, with a fair local demand.
Second Session — December — tiOOO ctl3 81c
2000", 81 %c; 2000, Sl%c. July, new— 2000*
83%c; 2000, S3%c; 40C0, 83%c.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed, 97%@98%c for No. 1 and O5@O(j}4c for
oft grades; brewing and shipping grades, -SI-
Chevalier, $1@1 20.
Second Session: — December — 20,000 ctls. $1 10.
¦Regular Morning Session — 44,000 ctls, $1 10%!
Afternoon • Session— May — 2000 ctls $1 12^i
4000, $1 12. December— 6000, $1 10. V
BARLEY — The spot market continues dull,
but futures are active at previous quotations.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales,
Chicago was firm, with, light receipts and a
good shipping demand. ¦ The weather was cold,
the temperature being 36 degrees. It was re
ported that 1,000,000 bushels had been con
tracted for shipment. The Michigan report
gave a condition of 82, against 85 last month
and 78 last year. Stocks at Minneapolis de
creased 500,000 bushels for the week. Brad
street's gave the exports of wheat. and flour
for the week at 3,302,000 bushels. St. Louis
wired that agents in all sections of Kansas
reported great Improvement in the crop since
the recent rains and that estimates of the
crop were being raised."
This market -was dull rand unchanged, s ,.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 12%; .milling,
$1 13%@1 15 per cental. .- - - -
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign .markets showed little
change.
# : *
NEW YORK, May 9. — The following table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
May 8, with the percentage of increase and de
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last vear:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. ¦ Dec.
New York $2,073,9(58,614 20.2
Chicago 184,873,642 " 13.9
Boston 150,299,974 12.2
Philadelphia 139,862,952 24.8 ....
St. Louis 56,498,248 4.7
Pittsburg .... 41,095,373 .... 6.7
Baltimore 24,302,714 .... 2.3
San Francisco.... 28,912,135 23.3 ....
Cincinnati 18.800,150 10.6 ....
Kansas City 18,151.238 4.3
Cleveland 14,751,567 21.5 ....
Minneapolis .15,944,144 44.1 ....
New Orleans 14,074.279 16.5 5
Detroit 9,908,882 .9J3
Louisville 1T>,75«,396 9.0 ....
Indianapolis 11,003.743 38.1 ..;.
Providence.." 6,814,500 " 7.5 ....
Omaha ; 7,597,905*" 12.3 ' ..:*.
Milwaukee 7,ri87,360 23.9 ....
Buffalo 5,8'i2,324 2.7 ....
St. Paul 5,270,360 10.1 ...I
St. Joseph 4,180,059 .... 11.0
Denver 3,969,289 .... 5.3
Richmond 4.608,203 5.0
Savannah 3,216,554 - 8.5
Salt Lake City.... "3,212,223 .... 21.7
Albany 4,131,205 8.3 ....
Los Angeles 5,234,044 51.4 ....
Memphis 3,437,142 50.1 ....
Fort AVorth 2,779.021 20.8 ' ....
Seattle 2,967,097 31.6 ....
Washington 4,488,247 40.4 ....
Hartford 3.S4U.646 25.1
Peoria 2.767.386 9.8 ....
Toledo 2,577.735 23.7 ....
Portland, Or 2,915.945 29.4 ....
Rochester 3,321,897 13.1 ....
Atlanta 2,411,470 24.0 ....
Des Moines 2,413,744 40.2 ....
New Haven '. 1,877,634 38.0 ....
Worcester 1,752,136 10.2 ....
Nashville 1,591,423
Springfield, Mass.. 1,750.000 20.0 ....
Norfolk 1,550.964
Grand Rapids.... 1,461,488 1.5
Scranton 1,598,628 .... 0.2
Portland, Me 1,430,24!) 10.4 ¦
Sioux City 1,717,628 21.3
Augusta 1,328,009 19.8 ....
Syracuse 1,377,869 10.0 ....
Dayton. O ' 1,551.128 20.5 ....
Tacoma 1,220,635 C.8
Spokane 1,888.088 82.7
Topeka 1,017,779 15.1
Davenport 1,358.279 36.6 ....
Wilmington, Del. 1,213,009 9.6
Evansville 1,146,367 64.7
Birmingham 1,122,776 18.2
Fall River 930,100 8.0 ...-;
Macon '. 606,000 8.8
Little Rock 819,285 35.5 • ..
Helena 000,490 30 5
Knoxville 747,400 10.3
Lowell 694,050 11.7
Akron 598,000 .. 3'n
Wichita 530,258 .. ¦'/¦<¦'
Springfield, 111.... 680,000 17.0
Lexinpton 505. 100
New Bedford 602,714 63 1
Chattanooga ..... 625.346 29.3 ¦¦¦'""
Youngstown 614,157 63.4
Kalamazoo ¦ 566,402 23 6
Fargo 420,027 10 3
Binghamton 419,000 . **"*
Rockford 403,558 . . xi*2
Canton - 43R.000 34.5
Jacksonville, Fla. "370,907 *"'"
Springfield, O.... ' 433.524 ie's *"*
Chester 393,071 8 5 '."."
Quincy 337,027
Bloomington 305,707 " "i'o
Sioux Falls 296,528 39*6
Jacksonville, 111... 395,405 40 0 ".""
Fremont 217,798 35'fl """
•Houston 12,734,760 58^2 ""*
•Galveston 7,644,000 . "'""
•Columbus, 0 7,676,200 -55 **"*
••Wheeling . 816,881 25*7 ""
•?Wilkesbarre 923,620 , ||"
Totals, U. S.. $2,952. 007.941 H T7~ 13~1
Outside N. Y 878.039,227 7.4....
CANADA.
Montreal $24,709,716 21 3
Toronto 18.172.152 28.0 '.'.'.'.
Winnipeg 3,408,273 619
Halifax 1,960,863 20*0 ""
Vancouver, B. C. 919,519 io't
Hamilton 880,961 ' ii's
St. John, N. B.... 701,969. M
Victoria. B. C... 507,205 i~ "" io'k
••Quebec .J 1.380,645 ¦ »?
Ottawa 2,252,133 '.'.['.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: . Available cash bal
ances, $186,9S4,000; gold, $96,044,306.
' The Nippon Maru took out for Hongkong a
treasure list of $S2,030, consisting of $8105 in
Mexican dollars, $125 in gold coin and $73,800
in sliver bullion. . ,
Silver is lower. . Exchange remains as be
fore.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — Bl
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
Eggs are declining again at wholesale, but thm
retail prices have not yet been affected. But
ter and Cheese remain the same as last week.
In meats. Mutton and Lamb are getting
cheaper at wholesale, and will probably ba
lower in the retail markets before long, as
they are in better supply. Fish shows more
or less change and is generally cheaper.
Poultry and Game are unchanged.
Cherries and Gooseberries are added to tb»
list of fruits.
COAL, PER TON—
Cannel ..,.$ @13 00 Southfleld
Wellington. @11 00 Wellington $—©11 00
Seattle (# 8 50 Coos Bay — # 7 00
Rosiya @ 9 00 Greta — @10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE, ETC. —
Butter, choice, sq-15@15 Common Eggs.l5@17V&
Do good 35(® — I Ranch Eggs, per
Common 3O@ — ¦ dozen 20<g23
Cheese, Cal 12^15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. .172.20 pound 15@2O
Cheese, Swiss. .. .20wJ0 Do extracted... 8®10>
MEATS. PER LB.—
Bacon .....14@1S Pork Sausages. 12%@IS
Hams 13@17. Smoked Beef 17®20
Lard 15® — I
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective As
sociation announces the following retail price*
for meats:
Roast Beef 10@15| Spring Lamb..l2%®20
Tenderloin Stk.l5@17%i Roast Mutton. 12%@ —
Porterhouse do.l7%@20:Mutton Chopa..l2%<S15
Round Steak... 10@12%! Mutton Stew S@1O
Beef Stew 8(310 ; Roast Veal 12&1S
Corned Beef 8@10iVeal Cutlets ....13@18
Roast Lamb 15<aiS' Roast Pork ...12%@15
Lamb Chops . .. .15@2Oi Pork Chops — @15
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each *.*..50®90 Pigeons, pair «...40®5O
Young Roosters, Squabs, per pair. 50@65
each 73(3$1 Rabbits, each 15<320
Old Roosters, ea.50©75 Hare, each .. ...— ®2O
Fryera, each 50(575 English Snipe,
Broilers, each... 30®30 per dozen .. .— @$-i CO
Turkeys, per lb..20@22 Jack Snipe — @?2 50
Ducks, each 65Q M Wild Gee3e, per
Geese, each ...$1 50@2 pair ....75^$1
Goslings $2@2 5< Brant, each 25@U5
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alligator Pears, Gooseberries, lb. .20®—
each 23<a5O Dried Figs, per lb — @1O
Almonds 15320 Limes, dozen lfWil 5
Apples 3@ 5 Lemons, dozen 20<?i:5O
Cherries, per lb..25@ — Oranges, dozen. .2Ofi*:u
Pecans — @20 Pineapples. each,30©30
Brazil Nuts 20® — Raisins, per lb.. 5@15
Bananas, dcz 15@25' Strawberries, per
Cocoanuts, each . . — @10 j drawer 30@CO
Crape Fruit, per I Walnuts, per lb. .15@20
dozen 50@75|
VEGETABLES — „• L'-^.i
Asparagus 5®10j Okra. dried, lb. . — @2S
Artichokes, doz..l5®40' Potatoes, per lb. . 29 4
Beets, dozen 10^ — New Potatoes. . .2%<§ 5
Beans, white, lb. 6® — Parsnips, per dz.lOS —
Colored, per lb. ~r$i — Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... 6<Q 8 bunches 13020
Cabbage, each... 5® — Rhubarb 3@ 3
Celery, head 5<fS— Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnchs. .2O'»3O 1 per lb 2%@ «
Cucumbers, dz.?l 50£2 Sag,e, doz bnchs. 2ixj£30
Egg Plant, lb 30®-to' String Beans, per
Garlic , 4@ 6.- pound 12%@15
Green Peppers,lb.l3<gr25 ( Summer Squash,
Green Peas, lb...2%^4| per pound. . .12%® 15
Lettuce, per doz. 15@2O, Sprouts, per Ib. .. — @— •
Leeks, doz bncha. 15(320, Spinach, per lb.. S® —
Onions, per lb..2%@ 4 Thyme, dz bchs. . 23^30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz. 10<@ —
bunches — @ — Tomatoes, pr lb.8®12%
Mushrooms, lb. . .40@60
FISH—
Carp — ®— Sea' Bass —#11
Catfish 10® — Smelts 12%<?15
Codfish 12%@— Soles 10@12»i
Flounders 10@ — Skates, each 8@15
Halibut —©12% Squid — @i»
Herring — @ — Tomcod 10612%
Mackerel ..12%@— Turbot 15@20
Do horse — @10 Trout 3303O
Perch 10@— Brook Trout — *+J5
Pomplno 50®— Whltefish 10<5—
Rockcod .'. — ©15 Clams, gallon ...5O@ — •
Rockflsh — @15 Do hardshell,
Salmon, fresh. .12%«t'l5 per pound ... 8tM0
Do smoked 13®23 Crawfish — @l— .
Sardines — ©—Crabs, each ...12%<Q15
Shrimps — # — Mussels, quart ...—<&—
Shad 8@10 Oysters. Cal. 100. 40^50
Striped Bass. . .12%@15| Do Eastern. dz.23@ 10
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
The evaporated apple market shows no new
features, stock on hand firmly held, with full
prices asked. Exporters and jobbers show mod
erate interest. State, common to good. 7@9c;
prime 9V4@9%c; choice, 9%@10%c; fancy, 10%
@llc ' With the exception of large size new
fruit which held steady, prunes are generally
easy all through the list, with old fruit Ir
regular and not much demand. Apricots are
quiet and steady i at quotations. Peaches show
a fair jobbing movement and are steady.
Prunes, 3%©6%c Apricots— Boxed 10% @14c;
bags 10%@12c. Peaches— Peeled, 14@lbc; un
peeled. S'Vi@Hc.
DRIED FRUITS
WHEAT— Receipts, 85,298 bushels; exports,
72,134 bushels; spot, steady; No. 2 red, 80%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 83 %c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. It was
a dull day In the wheat market, anticipating
the Government report to-morrow, but general
firmness existed on account of small Argentine
shipments, Southwest and foreign buying and
talk of a bullish crop „ report. • The market
closed firm, %@V4c net-higher. July, 80Vi@
80 7-lOc, closed at 80%c; September, 78 3-lU@
70c closed at 78%c; December, 80 3-16@S0%c,
closed at S0%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Quiet.
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5 7-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8%@12c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm;, fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
NEW YORK, May 9. — FLOUR— Receipts,
14,747 barrels; exports, ; 7939 barrels; steady
but dull. . A .
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. May 9.— Close: Money on call
was firm at 4@8 per cent; closing bid and asked,
3@* per cent. Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5Vi
per cent. Sterling exchange was about . steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
@i 87% 'for demand and at $4 87%@4 85 for
sixty daysf. Posted rates. $4 86 and $4 R8%.
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%V Bar silver,
51c. Mexican dollars, 41 Vic. Bonds — Govern
ments, steady; State bonds, inactive; rail
roads, easier.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard, $1@2 25 for choice and 25@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lencias, $2 50@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 60
@2 60; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25® 1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75ctg$l
for common and $1 25431 75 for good to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit. 75c@$2-
Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas. $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75® 2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $6@9 per
chest; Malindas. $4@5 per chest and 75c@$l 25
per crate. . .:¦
APPLES— $1@2 50 per box. according to
quality; from Australia, $1 50@2 50 per box.
CHERRIES — White, 50@75c per drawer;
Black. 75c@$l 50 per box and drawer.
Th4 first Gooseberries of the season were re
ceived from San Leandro. Six drawers came
In and sold at $L 25 per drawer, or 12'/.c per
pourd.
1 Apples were dull and Lemons and Bananas
were unchanged. The Panama steamer brought
up 540 boxes Mexican Limes and they were
quoted lower. •
Receipts of Navel Oranges are steadily de
creasing and the market is almost bare of fancy
fruit. Offerings are chiefly of choice and
standard varieties, which are- dull. Out of two
cars of Oranges offered at the auction there
were only 30 boxes of fancy Navels, which were
sold at $3 60 per box. The balance of the
offerings sold as follows: Standard Navels $1
@2 75; choice Mediterranean Sweets, 80c®$l 40;
fancy Valencias, $1 50@2 50.
Cherries were lower under heavy receipts,
over 60O boxes being received. The white Cher
ries from Vacavllle Were poor and hard to sell,
b'.it the black were In better condition, although
some Wer« cracked by the recent rain and had
to bp sold at the bottom quotation.
Receipts of Strawberries were light and as
the demand was brisk the market cleaned up
at better prices. Seventy-five crates were re
ceived from Florin' and sold at $1 25 per crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 9—5 p. m.
Th« following maximum%and minimum tem
peratures were reported from etations in Cali
fornia to-day:
Eureka. 62-48: Red Bluff, 74-54; Sacramento.
72-50: Fresno. S6-52; San Luis Obispo. 76-50;
Independence, 80-50; Los Angeles, 76-4S; San
Diego, 64-5(5; Yuma, 98-64.
fan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
02; minimum. 50; mean. 56.
Q20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 6,500 80 79% 79%
Atchinson pfd 2,2^0 9S% 98 9S
Bait & Ohio....... 2,000 108% 107% 107%
B & O pfd 100 95% 95% 95h
Can Pac ". 8,600 128% 127% 127%
Can Southern 100 93% 93% 92%
Ches & Ohio l.SOO 48% 47% 47%
Chi & Alton 200 30% ¦ 30 -36%
Chi & Alton pfd... 75 vi
Chi Ind & St L 400 78 7 4 78% 78-)i
Chi I & St L pfd .... 84
Chi & E 1 100 165 165 165
Chi & G W 37,300 31% 20% 30%
Chi&GWApfd.. 600 S9Vi S9 l A 86%
Chi & G W B ptd. 3,100 49% 4S% 46j 4
I Chi & N W 1,900 256 254 255
I Chi R I & P 500 173% 175% 170%
Chi.T & T 6,000 23 22% 22
Chi T & T pfd 1,800 40% 3U% 30 'A
C C C & St L 100 105% 103% 103
Colo So 3,700 31% 30% 30%
, Colo So let pfd 72
Colo So 2d prd 1.400 44% 44 44'
Delaware & Hud... 2,900 184% 179% Ib2%
Del L & W ! 275
D&RG 400 42% 42 42
D & R G pfd 100 91 5)1 90%
Erie 3,300 38 37% 37%
Erie 1st pfd 300 68% 68 68%
Erie 2d pfd 100 53% 53% 53%
Gt Northern pfd... 200 184 ISt 183
Hocking Valley ... 400 84 83 83%
Hocking Val pfd... 300 91 91 90%
111 Central 4,840 155 153 153%
Iowa Central 200 47% 47 46%
Iowa Cent pfd 100 85 85 85
L E & W 100 68 06 05%
L E & W pf d 120
Louis & Nash 5,000 144% 142% 143%
Manhattan L 7,800 133 131% 132
Met St Ry 2,300 150 149 149
Mex Central 1,100 28% 28. 27%
Mex National 3,500 i9% 19 19%
Minn & St L 100 111 111 110%
Missouri Pac 5,500 101% 100% 100
MK&T 400 26 • 23% 23%
M K & T prd «O0 56% vj 5iHi 56%
N J Central .... 188
N Y Central 1,500 158% 158% 138%
Nor &. West.. 400 58 58 57%
Nor & West pfd... 700 91%. 90% 90%
Ont & West 700 33% 33% 33% j
Pennsylvania 4,300 150% 150 130%
Reading 42,300 6ti% 66% 66%
Reading 1st pfd... 800 85 84% 84 %
Reading 2d pfd 4.2O0 71% 70% 70%
St L & S F 1,700 69% 67% 67%
S L & S F 1st pfd 1 ., 84 •
S L & S G 2d prd. 300 73 72% •/ 72%
St Louis SW ¦ 100 28 28. '27
St L SW pfd 400 60 '. . 59%; 59
St Paul 18,400 172%.- 17O%" 170%
St Paul pfd ..: .....190%
So Pacific 8,000 67%.- 68%- - GUJ,4
So Railway 1,700 3fe% 37% 37%
So Railway pfd 900 96% 95% . 95%
Tex & Pac. 1,600 41% 4iy s 41'A
T St L & W 100 22% 22% 22
T St L & W pfd... 200 39% 39% 39
Union Pacific 42.800 105% 104% 104%.
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 87% 87% - 87%
Wabash 1,900 27% 2B% 26%
Wabash pfd 900 45% 44% 4i%
Wheel & Lake Erie 1,800 23% 22% 22%
W & L E 2d pfd. 500 37 36% 36
Wisconsin Central. 4,3<K) 28% 27% 27%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 2,200 50% 49% 49%
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American 225
United States 100 117% 117% 1H5
Wells Fargo 100 215 215 210
Miscellaneous — ,
Amal Copper 37,500 «0% 6S% 68%
Amer Car & Foun 600 30 Vi 30 30
Arner C & F pfd.. 300 90 90 90
Amer Linseel Oil.. 400 26% 20 '26
Amer Lin Oil pfd. 54
Amer S & Ref 2,800 46% 46% 4R%
Amer S & R pfd.. COO 96% 90 96%
Anaconda Mln Co. 100 113 113 113
Brooklyn R Tran. 5,900 66% 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 7,700 103'4 102% 102%
Consolidated Gas . 1,800 224% 224 »22i
Con Tobacco pfd.. 300 120% 120 120%
General Electric... 700 322 321 321
Hocking Coal 200 18 18 17
International Paper 1.500 21 20 V. 21
Inter Paper pfd 300 74% 73% 74
International Power 1,100 93 90 91%
Laclede Gas 89
National Biscuit ... 300 49% 49% 49%
National Lead 5,700 21% 20% 20%
North American .. 300 125 124' 123
Pacific Coast 100 70 70 70
Pacific Mail 39%
People's Gas 500 103% 103% KB- 7
Pressed Steel Car. 1,100 44% 44% 44%
Pressed Steel C pfd 84
Pullman Pal Car 235
Republic Steel 1,100 1S% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd 300 74 73% 73%
Sugar .7.100 128% 128 . 128%
Ttnn Coal & Iron 15,100 65% 61% 6.$%
Union B & P Co 15%
Union B & P Co pfd g2
U S Leather 2,100 13% 13% 13%
U S Leather pfd. 100 84% 84% 84%
U S Rubber i«w.
U S Rubber pfd 59*
U S Steel . 4,700 41% 41% 41V.
U S Steel pfd 4.000 91% 91% 91%
Wectern Cnlon ... 2,700 02% 91% 91%
Amer Loco 500 32% 32% 32'
Amer Loco pfd 100 94% 94% 941/
K C Southern 9,400 29% 29' 2f)'4
K C Southern pfd. . 1,500 61 59% 60
NEW YORK STOCK LJST,
during the week of $2,875,000. The loan item
is, of course, a matter of surmise. The early
heavy liquidation in the stock market would
indicate a reduction of loans, but it appears
that some of the calling of loans in large
amounts was simply for the purpose of re
lending elsewhere, including possibly to the
ship merger underwriting syndicate. The
market ' closed dull and steady. ¦
Bonds were easier, In sympathy with' stocks.
Total sales, $2,535,000. United States bonds
were all unchanged on the last call.
"The fruit outlook on the whole is reported
to be very favorable. A great deal of anxiety
has occurred for fear that the cold weather
would interfere with perfect pollenlzation and
a number of orchartiists report that early cher
ries and early prunes, especially in Clackamas
Cour.ty, have been badly damaged. Straw
berries and apple trees are now generally in
bloom in the Willamette and Hood River val
ieys, and in Southern Oregon."
"Hops, although slow in starting, are com
ing up well, and in the southern portion of the
State the work of training the vines is gen
eral.
"Cera planting is now in active progress in
Southern Oregon, and in the western sections of
the State the planting of late potatoes has be
gun.
"Feed on the ranges is Eplendid, and stock
in all parts of the State is doing nicely. In
the plateau region the increase in lambs has
been the heaviest in years. Sheep-shearing
is progressing slower than usual on account of
the cool weather. The clip is reported to be
good.
•Wheat, although backward, is very prom
ising, except in portions of the Willamette
\ alley, where it is becoming yellow on account
of the lack of sunshine. Spring wheat also
is unusually slow in germinating, but with the
ample moisture now in the soil a few days
of warm, eunehiny weather is all that is needed
to bring the grain crop out in excellent con
dition.
"With the exception of last Sunday, which
was mild and sunshiny, the weather of the
week has been generally cloudy, with frequent
showers, and altogether too cool for rapid
growth. There were several mornings with
Jifrht frosts, but as far as known they have
done no damage of consequence. The soil in
the wheat sections In the eastern part of ths
£tate is wet to a good depth, and all that
is row needed is warm weather to bring vege
tation forward very rapidly.
"Farm work generally has been greatly re
tarded on account of the wet weather, and
spring seeding in the Willamette Valley is not
yet finished. In Eastern Oregon the Boll is in
excellent condition for plowing, and good ad
vancement has been made in summer fallow
ing.
The report of Edward A. Beats, section di
ectcr United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended May 6, is
is follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 9. — Wheat quiet but
steady; Walla. Walla, 66c; bluestem, 67c.
Cleared — British bark Brunei * for Queens
town with 102,616 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 9.— Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 66%c; club, 65%c. ."- , -.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. May' ; 9. — Consols, 95%; 'silver.
23 9-16d; French rentes, lOlf 20c; cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes Walla
Walla,- 29s 4%d; : English country markets,
firm. : . ¦ ¦- . . : v
LIVERPOOL, May 9.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s 4%d@6s 5d; wheat in
Paris, barely steady; flour in Paris, barely
eteady; weather in England, showery.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 3-32d
NEW YORK, May 9. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks to-day were brisker and more cheer
ful. Investment issues were in good demand
on the- results of the Indian loan. For the
£1,500,000 issue offered at a minimum at ©9
the applications amounted to £10,000,000. The
premium Is now 2%. Consols sold at 94#.
American shares were firm early, notably
Union Pacific and Southern Pacific, and they
roee briskly, but New York failed to respond
on the rumor that the coal operators had de
clined to arbitrate their differences with the
miners. The close was heavy and unsettled,
but Canadian Pacific was buoyant at 132% on
influential buying. There is a rumor that the
road has acquired Wisconsin Central, giving
it a Chicago outlet.
Rio Tintos were % up and copper sold at
£43 15s the ton.
Call rates for money strengthened on the
Indian loan demands.
London Market.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy. 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy^ 16@18%c; store Butter. 14@13c
per pound. '
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old. 9®llc; Young
America. S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound.
EGGS — Ranch, 18@l$%c for fancy and 16@
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@16c per dozen.
. Receipts were 35,700 pounds. 1 keg and 246
tube of Butter, 1328 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern Eggs. 16,500 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
: Eggs are weaker. The demand for storage
is nothing lyce what it has been, and though re
ceipts have fallen off of late they are still
too heavy for the demand, which is slacken
ing up, as usual at this time of the year.
There is no change in Butter. There are
liberal Los Angeles orders for Cheese on the
market, but they are below quotations, and are
therefore not being ailed. ¦ •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEATTLE, May 9.— Clearings, $658,499; bal
ances, $105 246.
PORTLAND, May 9.— Clearings, $479,728;
balances, $G4, 611. . ...
SPOKANE. May 9.— Clearings, $228,316; bal
ances, $16,616. - ." . . ¦ ¦ '
TACOMA, May 9.— Clearings, $175,122; bal
ances, $32,938.
Northern Business.
Failures, for the week number 218 ; in the
United States, against 187 last year, and 24
in Canada, against 26 last year.
More encouraging weather reports have made
the outlook brighter for a normal wheat yield.
Exports from all ports in the United States
during the week amounted to 3,377,379 bush
els, flour included, compared with 5,579,037
bushels in the preceding week. ... .,
Dispatches to this paper promise a large wocSl
clip, though the late spring hdB delayed shear
ing. There has been less selling of wool on
the sheeps' back. ... , •
Procrastinating consumers who predicted a
collapse in the iron and steel market similar to
the break that occurred two years ago have
greatly augmented the pressure by tardily at
tempting to supply- their requirements.
At a time when consumptive demand sur
passes all previous records in "the nation'* his
tory, it Is unfortunate that production should
be curtailed. Yet that is the present situation.
First, the labor controversies and a ¦ tornado
stopped work at many points, greatly reducing
the output and many more wage disputes must
be settled before the end of the month or fur
nace fires will be banked and wheels cease to
revolve. Losses by the elements have been
severe, the largest tin plate plant in the world
being rendered idle probably for a month,
while many foundries and shops' were de
stroyed. Prices of commodities on May 1, as
shown by Dun's Index number, rose to • the
highest point in recent years, gaining 6.3 per
cent over the corresponding date last year, "but
this week there has been a material decline In
some products, notably grain. Distribution
through retail channels, continues very heavy.
Railway earnings are steadily gaining, , full
returns for April exceeding last year's by 10.6
per cent and 1900 by 35 per cent.* .
*_ _ — ~ — — *
NEW YORK. May 0.— R. G. Dun & Co/8
weekly review to-morrow will say:
Shipment of $82,030 in specie to Hongkong.
Silver burr. Exchanagc as before quoted.
Wheat and Barley quiet and Rye dull.
Oats and Corn still firmly held.
Hay and Fccdstuffs as previously quoted.
Beans unchanged and much quieter.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs lower.
Nothing uczv in Dried Fruits.
Meat quotations stand as before.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables shozv little change.
Oranges and Strawberries firm and Cherries lower.
Gooseberries appeared from San Leandro.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Local stocks and bonds continue inactive.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, *4no
fo? old and $5ig7 for young; Hens. |4@5: young
Koctters, $0 50<§8; old Roosters, $4(§4 50; Fry
ers, $5@6; Broilers, $3 50<fM 50 for large
and $1 50@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75&2
per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and *1 for Brush; English Snipe, $3;
Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Receipts of Poultry were moderate and large
young stock met with a fair demand at steady
prices. Fryers and young Roosters were Tvar.t
ed and sold readily at an advance * of 50c.
Small Broilers are not wanted and there are
too many coming in. Old Hens and Roosters
continued dull.
.There were no changes in Game. Only five
sacks came in. . -
Poultry and Game.
Bar silver weak, 23 9-l6d per ounce. Money,
2%@3 per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 2$i per cent.
The rate of discount in the oDen market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
Con for money. 95 1-10 N Y Central 163Vi
Con for account.. 95WiNorf & Western.. 59 V4
Anaconda 5^1 Do pfd 92^
Atchison 81% Ontario & West.. 34'! s
Do pfd 100% Pennsylvania .... 79Ji
Bait & Ohio .....ill Reading 31k
Canada Pacific... 132 Do 1st pfd 43%
Ches & Ohio .... 49% Do 2d pfd 36Vi
Chicago G W.... 31\4 Southern Ry .... 39%
Chi Mil & St P...I-614 Do pfd 9S
Denver & R G... 43% Southern Pacific. 68V3
Do pfd 93 14 Union Pacific ...108%
Erlo 38% Do pfd 90%
Do 1st pfd 71 US Steel 42%
Do 2d pfd 55% Do pfd 9iVt
Illinois Central ..158 Wabash ... ....27%
Louis & Nash ...147%> Do pfd ....... 46%
M K & Texas ... 2<i%' Spanish 4s ...... 78%
Do pfd 60 I
Amer Tel & Tel. 181 United States ... 21 •
General Electric. .320 Utah 21%
Ma ?s Electric ... 43% Victoria 4Vi
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Wlnona 2ft
United Fruit 107 • Wolverine 55
US Steel 41% United Copper ... 35%
Do pfd ox %
• LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ST. 'JOSEPH. Mo., May 9.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 500; steady. Natives, $5 26@7 25; cows
and heifers, $1 50® 8 50; veals, $3 50@6; stack
ers and feeders $2 50@5 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 4000: stockers. steady.
Light and light mixed. $6 90@7 20; medium and
heavy. $7 15@7 35: pigs, $4 35@6.
SHEEP — Receipts, i 1700; • tteady. Western
lambs, $6 15®6 83; Western eheep, $5@6 25.
ST. JOSEPH,
CHICAGO, May . 0.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500; . slow, weak. Good to prime steers, $0 SO
@7 40; poor to medium, $5 80@6 75; stockers
and feeders. $2 75@5 35: cows, $1 50@6; heif
ers,: $2 75@6 40; canners', $1 50@2 40; bulls,
$2 50@-5 85; calves, S2@ti; Texas-fed steers,
$5 25@6 25.
• HOGS — Receipts to-day, 19,000; to-morrow,
15,000; left over, 3500 head. Market strong,
5@10c higher. Mixed and butchers', $6 95@
7 80; good to choice heavy, $7 20@7 35; rough
heavy, $6 95@7 15; light, $C 75@7 05; bulk of
sales, $7@7 20. ., , . .
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000; weak; lambs weak
to lower. Good to choice wethers, $5 75@6 25;
fair to choice mixed, $5@6 50; Western sheep.
$5 25@6 25; native lambs, clipped, $4 75@« 40;
Western lambs, $5 25@O 40; Colorado wooled
lambs, $7 10. ~
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
FOR FRIDAY. MAT 0.
Flour, qr sks 7,338 Middlings, sks.. T68
Wheat, ctte 275 Tallow, ctls 23t
Barley, ctla. .... 5,070 Sugar, ctls 2.9O4
Oats, ctls «35 Leather, rolls... 81
Corn, ctls 140' Pelts, No 102
Beans, sks 63G Lime, bbls 455
Potatoes, sks.'.. 930 Wine, gala 88,300
Onions, sks...!,. 514 Chicory, bbla... 50
Wool, bales.... 174' Qulckstl. risks.. 6
Straw, tons..... 60 j Hides, bdls..... 139
Hay. tons S52i
Receipts of Produce.
tKcre have been two coal arrivals from Ore
gon. 9SQ tons; three from British Columbia.
fMSb tons; three from Washington, 7400 toi.s;
ore from Australia, 0103 tons; one from Swan
sea. 2161 tons; total. 2a. 094 tona. .The amount
at hand this week is below the average amount
received, at the same time it is fully up to
the amount called for. The present outlook fev
the consumption of coal is not at all flattering,
as consumers appear to be falling off monthly.
Prices are being reduced to offset the use of
oil, yet they do not appear to reach same suc
cessfully. Several steam colliers that ho»a
been in the service for a considerable time, aro
for the moment retired, and it 13 questionable*
whnn they will be again called into requisition.
Australian ccals have been marked down tt>
prices heretofore unknown, and are not finding;
icady sale. The list of loading vessels at
Swansea is increasing, but that character of
coal is used almost exclusively for gas pur
poses, and is landed here at nearly $1 per ton
lew than last year. Coal will continue to hoM
the market for household purposes until soma
method may be devised by which oil may he
substituted."
OIL — California "Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $120: Unseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
7Sc; raw. 7Cc; cases, 5c more;' Lucol. 68c for
boiled and C6c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 93c; cases, $1;
China Nut, 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure Neata
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c. Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per
gallon; Fish Oil. barrels. 42 He; cases. 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c for Ceyloa and
C5V.C for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coat OH. ia bulk.
13%@14c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 224c: Benzine. In bulk, 14ftc; la
cases, 21c; SO-degrree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; is
cases, 26%c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
¦ SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, In 100-lt>
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.23c; Fruit Granulated. 4.23c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bag3 only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.83c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.63c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half- barrels. 23c more;
boxes. 50c more: 50- lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominoa — Half -barrels. 4.73c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
auction sales to-day were 14,376 bales, chiefly
good greasy.!'. The home trade purchased freely
and Americans bousht a few medium Merinos
and fine crossbreds.
Wheat exports, July 1, 1001, to date (forty
five weeks) aggregate 210,167,062 bushels,
against 179,895,609 bushels last season.
Business failures for the week in the United
States number 179, against 17-1 last week, 193
in this week last year and 174 Vn 1900.
Wheat, Including flour, exports for the week
aggregate 3,302,240 bushels, against 5,308,155
bushels last week and 4,178,872 bushels last
year. '
The situation of wool at the East is affected
by the interruption caused by • strikes, but
stocks are low. Wool Is active , at a higher
range than a year ago. ¦ -
centuated by the better advices as to wheat
from the? Southwest and. the generally im
proved conditions in corn and oats. .
THE SAN/ FRANCESCO;'- CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Dun's Review of Trade.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
THE COAST RECORD.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 00.
11
NEW YORK, May 9. — The volume of deal-
Ings to-cay fell considerably below half a mil
lion shares for the first time In many weeks
Whether there v.-as any other reason for this
dullness than the decision on the part of th«
speculators lately leading the market to let II
He fallow ior a time was not evident. Per
haps th« Ions drawn out controversy over th«
anthracite labor settlement may have beer
effective in discouraging speculative activity.
If that was the factor which Induced the cur
tailment of demand and the sagging of price;
In the ceneral list it did not appear among
the coalers themselves. That group was af
fected by the marked strength of Delaware
and Hudson. The Wall-street public is puz
zled t> know the grounds of the very positiv*
iiK^urer.ce which has been manifest among the
controlling Interest* in the anthracite trade
that there would be no strike. Their deter
mination has evidently not varied to offer nc
conces-sloni", while on the other hand the mln«
workers, in effect, are under contingent orders
to declare a strike unless the concessions ar«
eranted. The outcome was still waited when
the stock market closed to-day. There wa«
wine ehow of strength In the early dealing*
and an appearance of renewed activity on tue
part of the recently prominent market leaders.
Amalgamated Copper was conspicuously ac
tive and strong, advancing at one time 1%.
KejtortF were current that sales of copper had
been effected at 12MtC by a leading competitor
in sufficient amount to take it out of the mar
ket for some time to come. The announcement
that one of the suspended Stock Exchange
arms would be able to resume and that the
other two hoped to do co was regarded as a
eatlefactory development. Trading was re
sumed ir* International Power arfd It was
lifted four iwints. Louisville and Nashville
fell back after it* recent advance and there
was a drjo of lour point* in Chicago ami
Kastern ¦Illinois. The weakness of Chicago and
¦Northwestern wae also associated with thfe
conflicting reoorts of , the admission to the
directory ° r representatives of the Moore in
ternets who are reported to have acquired
large fccJdlng* of Etock lately. The-reaction
ary tendency of the market became more gen
eral after the apuearance of the preliminary
estimate of the week's currency movement. It
appears that the banks have received on bal
ance from the interior less than a- million
dollars against the loss to the Sub-Treasury
NEW YORK, May 9.— Bradstreefg to-mor
row will say: Improved weather conditions
furnished the keynote for the more cheerful
tone in distributive - trade. Copious rains
while not repairing all the damage to winter
wheat done by. the recent drouth in Kansas
seem to have put the rest of the croD out of
anything like immediate danger. The skua
tlon in manufacturing generally mav he
summed up in one word, "activity," the onlv
important exception to this being noted n
the woolen industry, which is interfered with
by strikes. The unsettled anthracite coal situ
ation also overhangs the Eastern trade situa
tion. Iron and steel ; trades are i still pushed
to the utmost tension to keep up with rut
rent demand. Building and allied - trades nV
pendent thereon are active despite the increased
price of lumber and of builders' hardware and
the higher level of wages. The feature in Iron
and steel is the scarcity of supplies of pig iron
and the strength of the demand for finish*,
products, particularly structural materials
what few rails are available- and whatever
tonnage can be secured of bars and plates
Among the other metals tin Is higher on the
week while copper is rather weak. '- •-.
Good cables and large decrease In wheat sun
plies reported by ¦ Bradstreet were I a source of
strength early • in- the week/ .but there was
heavy liquidation on the bulge, which was ac-
@1 25 per sack; String Beans, from Los Ange
les, 5@6c per lb, including Wax; from Vaea
ville, 8@10c; Cabbage, 50<865c per ctl; Los
Angeles Tomatoes, $1 25>g2 23 per box and
crate; Mexican Tomatoes. $1 25® I 75 per box
for repacked; Dried Peppers 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17»4c; Carrots. 73c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbere, 40@75c per dozen
for small and $l@i 23 for large; Garlic. 2@Jc;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, 12>i@15c: Mexi
can do. S@10c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles,
12H@17Hcj Summer Squash, from Los Angeles,
Sl@l 50; Marrowfat Squash, $15«20 per ton;
Hut bard Squash. $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
Business was dull all along; the line yester
day morning and quotations showed no change
worthy of note.
In the afternoon Makawell advanced to $23 72
and Oceanic was lower at $30 23.
The Usona Petroleum Company of Kent
County has levied an assessment of 1 cent pel
share, delinquent June 7.
The Aztec Oil dividend of 2 per cent pel
share, amounting to $47C0, was paid April 15.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francl3co were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Jtuyter 4
Co. : Common stock. $24 75@25 25: preferred,
$K(KSG1; 4 per cent bonds, $91@J2; subscription*.
$101 5C@102 50. "
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, May 9 — 2 p. m.
/ UNITED STATES BONDS.
/ Bid. Ask. r Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup...lll%112 ;4s qr c (new)!37%13SW
4s qr reg 11H4112 S3 qr coup. .10S%10i»M
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W os. 92^i — iOc SS Co 5s. 07%10O
Bay CPC 5s. 108 108% Omnibus Ga. . — 131
C C G&B 53.104% — Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Pk A CH 63.107 110
C Costa 5s. .110% — Pk & O R (Js. — 125
Ed L & P es. — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac* EGR 5s.lO2\ilff$
Geary-st 5s.. — ' — " iSF A SJV5s.l20%12iy
Continued on Page Thirteen.
B ONS HUNDRED j
1 PERCENT |
\ Will mark the advance in price of j
j shares of Tacoma Company Steel !
i corporation within" the . next few j
I weeks. Some people buying at 15
; cents to sell again; others to hold
! ¦ for dividends. Twenty cents Mon-
{ day. We close at 1 o'clock to-day. :
I Ih3 African Guaranty arid Trust Co., !
I 82C-82J H»7w»rt r«fldlag. .rHB . SAN FE^NUISCOv CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 1 10, 1902.
12
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. .
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter.721 Mission jtel.Main 730.
] MEDICAL.
A — DR O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. —Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints,
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in a.l
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
. NELL, office & residence. 101S Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to S. Re-
moved to 1008% Market St., opposits 5th st.
MRS. T>. W YETH— Well-known ladles* special-
ist. 30 years' experience, removed to 10CS*4
Market St.. opp. 8th; hours 0 to 8 and 7 to 8.
THE new method is by distillation, obtaining
the essence of the buds and berries of those
several trees^ — pines, fir. etc. The foregoinj
describes Kinney a Rheumatic and Kidney
Remedy, "K. R. K. K." Send direct to
KINNEY MEDICINE CO., Los Angeles, in-
closing 75c In stamps, for a bottle. Rheu-
matlc and kidney trouble disappear.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth, a grad-
uate of Roya>UniversIty, Berlin, has 25 yrs.*
experience inmldwlfery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; infants adopted: confinements, $15; rm.
Aboard $5 week; all who are sick or In trouble
consult me before going elsew're. TeL Blue41l.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHETtn
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 112G Market st. t
MRS. DR. GOODWI?:. ladles* reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants free:
fe« low. 906 Market at., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D ALLEN. 1113 Market — Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home beforehand during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007# Market St., near Sixth.
treats ladles only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure: never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposlt*
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO' LOAN.
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery «t, room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. .
On undivided Interests In real "estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAT.
- Telephone Main 8510.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room %
A HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bl«
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages.....*
On Life Interests iji Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate «
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
. IF YOU NEED MONEY
gee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)—
$300,000 at 5Va and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland., Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terest* In real estate and legacies: win pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN 1
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. . >
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 10,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, eta, at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St., room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant »»•-, near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4O
Market St.; tel. Mftln 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room 3C.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos: no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St.. roon\7, opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68,
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged ; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture-, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st_
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com. ; private
party. St. Ann's bldg., C Eddy, r. 10*. 5th fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; ?15 up; n» removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1CCO; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r, 1.
CASH. loaned salaried people on note without
lndorscr. MORRELL. G0» Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are closing out the Hallet & Davli
agencx on account of the sale of that con-
cern tf> a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet & Davis S-^O styles for $1C5; 200
pianos. 20 different makes to select from;
some special bargains:
1 Bourne $17
1 Weber «X
1 Knabe »»
1 Marshall 1H5
:< Smith & Barnes $13.1 to 24'J
2 Steinway 2BR to 38.1
.1 HSine * 235 to 3SS
2 Chlckering 195 to 2R0
5 Organs 15 to 35
Rents, $2: installments. $3. cr your own ;
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantagooua
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but caa
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment'ef best makes to choose frr»m.
SHERMAN. CLAY &. CO.. Steinway dealers'
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth 3ts. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time-
within 2 yeara and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price: costs .you only 20c a day to buy %
pjano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O' Farrell St.; established 1850.
ATTENTION. BARGAra-HUNTET.5— *
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $2T> up; new upright
pianos from $173 itp. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckertng. Mason
and Hamlfn. Vose. Sterling pianos.
LUDWI6 pianos — Most popular of all. For sala
only bv the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031 Market
St.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Raker
piano players.
SELL privately, your own price, superb cabi-
net grand upright piano; leaving city. 033
Post st.
WANTED — Use of piano for its storage, with
option of buying. MRS. HALE, 1012 Leav-
enworth st.
YOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTtI
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 860.. Hay tn st.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano* must ba
. sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale- no
reasonable- offer refused. 2-">5-237 Geary »t.
BUY a WIssner or a Baumeister If you want a
reliable article. MAUVAUS'. 769 Market st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; hlsh-grade u"prUht«.
dropped from catalogue. $250. Bruenn,208Post.
* 1 l?l5 r ' a L"5? r1flce:a - mo8t new upright. Schmita
ft Co.. 1C McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
BTR P N MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmor
tnd other pianos and pipe organs.
ST -3,Wy25 vloltns . xithers. old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
. OFFICES AND STORES - TO UST.
STORE and 3 rooms; Mission St.. between 12th
ana 13th; rent $15. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
* 2 ti i< ?r S ?£ RE ii wtth rooma tor 'amines; larga
yard. 10t>8 Howard; best block for business.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny ;
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
AND DECORATORS.
I~£k+?? work%: low rates; get torW. K
C ROMAINE, U0 G. a, ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
BUSINESS CftAKCES — Continued.
A — BUTCHER ehop in the Mission; horse and
wagon, ice bouse, smoke house, etc.;. owner
wishes to leave city; price $850. • • *
Branch bakery at 16th and Valencia #ts.: 4
living rooms; price $250. • • • Delicacy
. and produce store; a bargain for the right
person; price $220. • • • For particulars
call on JOSEPH STRAUB, S50 Market St.
CLEVER business man with knowledge of ma-
chinery can get an opportunity to buy an In-
terest in an old. well-established, prosperous
manufacturing establishment in this city; if
possessed of necessary ability can receive
salary as well as profits from business. Box
965. Call office.
NURSERY and florist business for sale or ex-
change for Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley
property: owner must leave the city by July:
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON. 600 Haight st.
FOR sale— $1200; a family liquor store; finest
installation; good 6tock; twenty-five yearn
established; 3 livins rooms; rent $25; cause
of selling change of business. 617% Valencia.
WANTED — Party as assistant manager and
fcasuror for park and theatrical company;
$25 week and expenses; $500 cash security
required; same secured. Box 962. Call.
GOOD-PAYING first-class saloon; continual
illness of proprietor cause of sale. Inquire
at 291 O'Fs.rrell st. for further particulars;
no agents.
RESTAURANT, grill and liquors; best business
in the city; worth investigation. Box 943.
Call office. '
GROCERY and especially bar; downtown: best
corner In city. Inquire BEN J. GOLMAN, 119
Bush st
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
cation; business part of city; no agents. Box
1629. ,Call office. |
GROCERY and bar; good stock; established 17
years. Capp and 17th sts.; call evenings.
FOR sale — An evening paper route, centrally
located. Box 932. Call office. -
RESTAURANT for sale; living rooms complete;
no triflers. .136 Second st. _^
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth st. ¦
]LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments. --..w.
65 rooms; corner; a bargain *'99x
40 rooms ; central ; clears $250 3500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms -^iS."
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only 22.»
Grooms; corner; very good 3<5
7 rooms; snap: Geary st j... 200
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
Rms. 7-8. 906 Market St.. cor. EIUs. upstairs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS: downtown: clears $60: $200
cash, bal. monthly. RSTSLOFF. 906 Market.
Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest.
MARION GRD7FIN, 719 Market st. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone — Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house; new furniture. .. .$1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel: man and wife. (50
100 rooms; country: transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men........ 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms: low rent.. 3200
35 rms.; Howard; rent only $C5; terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. . 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; gunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market ft. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 2S1.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. ' -
A. CAMERON & CO.. •
850 Market st. and S Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, air sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent.
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & Cth' sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
85 ROOMS: rent $C5; lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears
$125 a month: furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. For
particulars address box 1724, Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a. rooming 'or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSC^J & CO.. 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glascow Block)/
SPIRITUALISM.
MRsT'T^TTwlSlTNlisT^anceTT^ medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 10S4 Bush Bt.; $1; Phone Larkln 4133.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: test toall to-night; 10c.
\ =
! CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
I THE FAMOUS
I Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
1 located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
i happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
j dium and you will be told how to overcome
j them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human destiny; first registered clairvoyant
and palmist ever in San Francisco; extraor-
dinary clairvoyant power, combined with his
superior knowledge of occult forces and the
science of palmistry, enables him to read hu-
man destiny with unerring accuracy. 127 Ellis.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 -Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person- 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readIng;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; re/ids your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated, finds trea^ 1010 Market, parlors 8-0.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box'2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F., CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1208 Market
Et., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
" ps.lm., 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
25c— SPECIAL. on<> week. PROF\ MILES*,
clairvoyant, palmist. 1010 Mission, nr. 6th.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea lrave.i
r»ad accurately; L. 25c; G.SOc. G21>4 Eddy.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MKS. JENNIE REYNOLDS, life reader, late
• of Los Angeles, is now at 1OO8V4 Market st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmis-
try; truth or no pay. 26% Kearny, room 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to S. 2C2 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work,
sond tn SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphcister-
lng.1213 Market.bct.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Prop.
BXDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasons bK 1703 Harrison st. ; teL Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th Bt. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone ' East 120.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk-
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT, Prop. :
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. ,
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
G33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. rn.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. tn.
10H Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
3 C9C Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets ; open until 9 p.m.
22U0 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M— m
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) __
AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock sharp. lC5\
Third degree. Master Masons are cor- /Tr '
dially invitetd. By order of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
MISSION' Lodge Xo. 1(39, F. and A. M. «
— Officers and members are hereby no- ,_J_
tlSed to attend the funeral ot our TSJf
deceased brother, ANDREW KERB «^r '
KENNEDY, from the hall of this lodge, TO-
MORROW (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, at
1:31) o'clock. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No.
2, L O. O. F. — Iieg-ular meeting «5*233K£b
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second degree.
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on issue of bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery ets., San Francisco. Cal, April 28,
1902.— Notice Is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 2Stn day of April, 1902. at a
regular meeting of said board duly held la
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, whereat more than three-
fourths of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders of said corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business of
said corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward building, corner of Montgomery
and California streets/ in the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California, said
building beinsr the building where the board
of directors of said corporation usually meet,
and said place being the place In said build-
Ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of July. 1902. at 11 o'clock a. m ... for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
eidering and voting- upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
sociated OH Company. In the sum of five
million dollars, payable in United States gold
coin, and to 6ecure said bonded Indebtedness
so proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
of 6aid coTDoration now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of said mortgage or deed of trust. By order
of the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the stockholder.* of the United Crude Oil
Company will be held at the office of the
com pany. 418 Parrott building. In the city
•nd county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY. May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to eerve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as tn»» come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission. having
received acDlicatlons to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Geld Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam of the
Golden Needle mine in Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever, in the Castello mine, at
Brownsville. Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 94. Flood buildlnr. San
Francisco, Cal.. on May 19. 1902. at 1:30
p. *m.
~ AGENTS WANTED. s
EXCLUSIVE county and city rights given to
pood salesmen on an entirely new article; a
big seller that pays large profits. Call or ad-
dress WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market.
~~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: open every evening: low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON, S19 Market st.
L S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels blfig.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange,
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourseli; repairing.
301 Larkln st. and COS Market £t.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
t&lking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages globes, aquarlume; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1540 Market £t..bet.Sth&Uth.
ROEISON'S BIRD STORE —
335 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN^
GERMAN lady wishes one child to board. 150
Chenery gt.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946. j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^^OoT^RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. 'M Vi Kearny Bt-
A — $750; CORNER delicatessen store with
three nice living rooms, in the choicest loca- j
tion in the city; rent .$25; only cause of sale i
owner accepted Government position. In- j
quire R. G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny et. j
A^ 5273; SALOON, with hall, in first-class lo-
cation on San Mateo «lectric R. R. ; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny et.
A — $£>0; CORNER saloon, on Folsom st. ; rent
$25; good paying business; value, in eight;
large transient custom. Call R. G. WILKE,
20 '/a Kearny gt.
A— $1250; HAM1UM, Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
ments; first-claw location. See R. G.
WILKE. 20^4 Kearny st.
A— ?2500; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business ; dally receipts
about $75. or owner will take honest man
lor partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 20^4 Kearny.
A — $400; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st.;
rent $25; owner must sell at once, as family
affairs call him East. R. G. WILKE. 2« 1 / i
Kearny Et.
A— $050; SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$12 50; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-p&ying business; only reason
lor tale partners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $2500; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
store doir.g a large business; location first
class; rent low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call 11. G.
WILKE, 2C>4 Kearny et.
A — $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et. ; established for years and known as first,
class paying propsition; rent $175; return
rent $99; Investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny bt.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this is a chance for
1 or - hotel men; half casji and half to suit;
full investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBIUDE & CO.'ti 7ti5
Market et. , '
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, ealoons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or -write for our tree list
HEALY & CARR. 713 Market St., room 400.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in established I
business; $1S to $25 a week; too much work
for one; no night or Sunday work; duties ;
light and easily learned; trial given before '¦
buying. 25 Geary Et.. room 1.
DE FREITAS & SIMS. 413 Kearny Bt.. Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy. sell
and make quick exchanges In real estate,
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaned on furniture at lowest rates.
$9000 — A good opportunity to obtain a half
interest in a manufacturing plant, including •
a half interest In the realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P. R. R. ; see owner
by calling on J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
A— 30 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to $2000; rents
$0 to $125 monthly; profits. $2 to $7 daily.
HEDGES. 4€1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. K25 Market.
MUST sell; butter factory doing fine business;
an expert butter maker will remain with
btyer. Cal. Business Assn., 865»4 Market Et.
AN employment office established 13 years;
will 6ell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CULLEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
FOR rent — Hotel, cottages, orchard, vineyard;
furnished complete; Santa Cruz Mountains.
Hex 960. Call office.
AX old-established restaurant: guarantee $100
per month; centrally located; must sell at
atcrlflce; coins north. Box 963, Call office, i
COTTAGES—^UBURBAN—TC^LKT^
MENLO (Fair Oaks) new cottage; 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A.. R. . HARRISON. • 78
Geary st. ' ' ¦¦ -¦ -¦ -' ¦ ¦¦•
DENTISTS.—
ELECTRa5rofTAL CLINfcTiflS Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up ; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours, 9 a m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason— .
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;-
gas given; lady - attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk ,st. —
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. \
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st. - -•• -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery Srhcol;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1010 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; "children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch-st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
EDUCATIONAL. , - ' .
HBALIVE 1 SCHOOL OF^SLiScTRICAL~ENGT
NEERINC3 — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day^and night. 24 Post St.. S. F.:
catalogue free. . ~
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March. 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ness College. 1236 Market st. ¦
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st. '
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects* pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— $50; LIFE scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st.. pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue ; free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eitlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell et.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing." bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages. 320Post;estab'dl871;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual in-
struction: Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. \
ORPKEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Suttfcr-.tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliably help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office- —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelllgance Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1283 Page; tel. Fell 8501. .
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
EASTERN middle-aged woman wishes a posi-
tion for general housework In a small family
of grown folks or elderly couple; wages mod-
crate. Inquire at 114 Seventh st., or phone
Kcward 2535. " . .
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind' to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call 68 to 76, Ellis St., room 131,
between 1 and 4 d. m.
SITUATION wanted by competent, reliable
woman as cook and housekeeper; city or
country: references; car fare expected. Call
at 338 Turk st.
WOMAN wants work by day; house cleaning,
window cleaning or any kind of work by
day. Please call 701 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted in a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. Please call
Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending "to do
at home." Please call 27% Fourth St., room 2.
I A YOUNG woman wishes chamber work. Call
I 236 Shipley st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper; neat ' and reliable. MRS.
FAIRBANKS, Cotati. Sqnoma County.
A YOUNG colored woman desires a nlace in
private family to do light housework. 1412
Powell St., downstairs.
RELIABLE woman wants position for kitchen
work; no Sunday work and sleep home. 23%
Sixth Et-, room 22. . .
LADY will exchange services for housekeep-
ing rooms for couple and child. Address G.,
953 Mission st. . ¦
GIRL wants situation for general housework.
j 1336% Natoma st.. near 15th.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 839 McAllister st. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has " been established at 1096
Valencia st. '
. EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by flrst-class designer, cut-
ter and manager of cloaks, suits and skirts;
best experience; from New York. Box 959,
Call otfice. <
GARDENER wants a position in private place,
country; wages $25; references given; under-
stands care of chickens and can milk. Ad-
dress box OSS, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer .wants Job in hotel
or hospital; thoroughly understands furniture
work. Box 1742, Call office.
SWEDISH coachman and all-round man wants
position; four years in one place; best of ref-
ences. Address Coachman, 123 Eddy st.
WANTED — Situation as watchman by a sober
-married man; references. S. F. R., 018
Buchanan st. ¦ •
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert on en-
gines, pumps, hydraulic machinery -and
Lresses, daushtsman and . patternmaker, R.
-'"R. and stat. encineer, first-class references,
wants suitable position. E. B., box 1009, Call.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant,
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert' ac-'
oountant or otherwise; electric execution
' • strenuous. Imperturbable. N. R.. G.. box
1611. Call office. ' J
STENOGRAPHER and accountant, experienced
in lumber and shipping, desires employment;
best of reference; no objection to country'
Box 953 Call office. •
YOUNG man, 24 years of age. would like
steady work in wholesale house of any kind.
Address F. , A., 733 Vermont st., city. . :
A YOUNG man wishes position as assistant
steward in hotel or restaurant; 3alary no
object. STEWARD, box 1741, Call office.
.YOUNG German wishes position as horseman,
work around the house; handy with tools.
Address Gardener, 724 Mission st.
YOUNG man, with security $150, wants- posi-
? tion of any kind. Address box 047. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot Call. branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' tubecriptlons . has been established ¦ at 1096
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
.,: investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
. ..sltion to guarantee stock Issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
¦ Investor," an up to date financial- paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
to come in on the ground floor of flrst-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
St. ; established 1S92.: v .-..-.
' ' ' _ Fli ATS TO. LET.
NEW sunny corner flats of 7 rooms and bath.
SW. corner Waller and Carmellta sts. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN Cc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flats of 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
very cheap; 1112-14 Fell st. Apply G. H.
UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st. ;
BEAUTIFUL new flats, 5 and 6 rooms, gas
and electric lights; corner Noe and Elizabeth
sts. ; Mission and 24th-st. cars pass the door.
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat of 10 rooms
and bath. • 870 Eddy St.. near. Van Ness ave.
SOUTH PARK, 63 — Clean modern sunny upper
fiat of 6 rooms and bath; $25.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath. 407 A
Grove st. .
MINNA, 735, near Ninth— Elegant bay win-
dow, U rooms and bath. .
NEW lower flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1333 Ma-
scnlc ave.. near Waller st. ; $27 50.
PINE. 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
FLATS TO LET — FUKNISHKU.
SUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete. / 3726 Twenty-third st.. near Dolores.
FURNITURE FOR SALS.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat, all new, for sale
cheap; party going East. 2936 Sixteenth st.
» FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
- reasons. S. J. WAUGH.' r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES. _^
SPECIAL sale Danlcheff glove, own make, at
90c. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — -FEMALE^
AT C. R. HANSEN~&~CO~S~TrT7429~Bush st.
'.. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, institution, doctor's table and pa-
tients, nice place, found, washing $30
Housekeeper, rooming-house
5 extra waitresses for banquet, free fare..$l 50.
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare.... $25
Head pantry woman, springs $30
2 waitresses, south, fare paid $20
Woman for general work; hotel, south, fare
- paid $25
Middle-aged chambermaid, commercial hotel,
fare paid $20
60 waitresses, resorts, city and country ho-
tels $20, $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT .»
- Cooks, housegirls, second girls, nursegirU,
best of wages . . . ".
C.-R, HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
MRS. M. E. DAY Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
25 waitresses, flrst-class commercial hotels
and resorts, $25 and $20; 12 waitresses, city, :
$25, $20; 3 lunch waitresses, no Sunday I
, work, $5; 3 chambermaids to wait, city and I
country, $25, $20; woman cook, small hotel,
$35, no dishwashing. '
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT. ........
Cook, small family, $30; second girl, $25, see
lady here; mother and daughter, country.
$40. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
WANTKD — Laundress for Institution. $25; 6
waitresses for resorts, $20, $25; 10 chamber-
maids, wait one meal, city and country, $20;
6 hotel and restaurant waitresses, $25, $30;
4 cooks, little wash, $30; 4 parlor maids,
$25, $30; housework, 4 in family, $25, Oak- i
land; 4 small hotel cooks, short distance in
country. $30 ; 2 nursegirls. $20; 40 girls for
all kinds of housework, city and country.
Apply to ••
J. F. CROSETT & CO. ,S 334 Sutter st.
A— VENTILATOR and hair worker; German
woman for ranch, four In family. $20; cham-
bermaids and assist waiting. Santa Cruz, $20;
cook for small restaurant, $5 per week. Coast
Emp. Co.. 502 Taylor st., corner Geary; phone
Black 2104.
A LAUNDRESS, $30; lady's maid and seam-
stress," $25; waitress, $25; kitchen maid, $20;
cook, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI . STRAUSS, tc CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. • " ¦ ' ' .
A — Kalrdreselng, manicuring," massage, bleach-
ing,, dyeing, halrwork; splendid positions in
stores and with private customers, $50 to $75
mo.; 2 weeks $5; day, eve. classes. College,
1230 Market, r. 94.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework and chil-
dren; no elderly person need apply. 233 Third
ave.; Sutter-st. cars. ¦
EXPERIENCED blanket weavers wanted. Ap-'
ply Santa , Rosa Woolen Mills, Santa Rosa.
BANDERS and binders . on Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co., 35 Market st.
GLOVE makers wanted. Carson Glove Co.,
35 Market st.
NURSE girl for two children, $12; references.
1714 Geary st.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. G23 Haight stv
WANTED — Good restaurant waitress at 7 Tay-
lor St.. $7 per week.
YOUNG girl to do light housework and mind
baby. 745 Guerrero st. ; wages $15.
WANTED — Woman^to do chamber work at 434
Fifth fit. .
WANTED— A good boarding-bouse cook. Ap-
ply 1122 Larkln st.
WANTED — Experienced jacket hand on alter-
ation work. Apply between S and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— First-class suit and waist seam-
stress. , Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' .
WANTED — Ventilator and hair worker. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' 1
WANTED^-Experlenced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS. ,
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hairdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weekg
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework
and to: help In store; must give references;
good wages. BEYER'S Confectionery, cor-
ner Haight and Scott sts. ; call between 7
and S p. m.
WANTED— Lady partner for mountain resort;
must have some money; land deeded. Ad-
dress box 805, .Call office. . -
WANTED— Body ironer at the French Laun-
dry Company. 3372 Mission st.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 G«-ary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S N WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Girls for a dance; hall in mining
town; big money. Address box 1747, Call.
GIRL 14, or 15 to help In family of two. Call
at 011 Stelner st. \
EXPERIENCED operator on gents* custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson'e. 533 Valencia st.
WANTED— Experienced shlrtmakers! EAcf-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market rt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call b"-nch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH otfice . for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. .' •., . :-' ..'..'.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S ..429 Bush st.
..NEW RAILROAD WORK....
.Free Fare. -. Free Fare
FOR NEVADA
.............. FOR NEVADA ..............
, 2000 teamsters, laborers, rock men: and con-
crete men. .............. .$2 and $2 25 a' day
2 steam shovel engineers. ... .$125. and found
3 ,cranesmen ....;. .$90 and found
- FOR CHATSWORTH PARK .......
500 tunnel men, machine men. drillers, muck-
ers and outside laborers... .SI- 75 to $3, a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ... .T: /. .429 Bush ; st.
ANDRE'S office. 31G Stockton st;— 2 '" farm
hands . (2-horse . teamsters), $25; coachman,
country, $40; crew ¦ for laundry in Oregon :
waiter, country, $30; waiter, small place,
city, $7 a week; young men to learn waiting,
-$30, etc.-:- ¦;¦:."" ¦'¦v:--'- .' -. ¦¦ ¦
A-t-HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
- Houseman/city hotel, $25; bellboy $10; vege-
table cook, springs, $30." <
HELP \yANTED-~MALE — Con.
WANTED — A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, flrst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
¦ $100 to $300 mo.: salary and liberal commls-
. sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
» to 4 p. m.. except Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237. 1WW Market Bt.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over S feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at" the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Tailor for branch store near this
city; will sell half or whole Interest: owner
cannot attend to both places. Apply at 519
Market st. '
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade ; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 34, lone, Amador Co., Cal.
BARBER wanted to rent furnished shop. 608
Fourth st. - -
BARBERS — Two-chair shop, furnished, to let-
Ninth ave. and H st., south of park.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific st.,
between S. and 10 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
, big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
*bU3 and passage to and from ferry.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
' Valencia st. m
CLASSIFIED ad\-ertlsements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 22i>0 Flllm ore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
j JUST arrived— 20 fine work, driving and sad-
[ die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
I matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them et Occidental Horse Exchange. 243
! Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horr.es — The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY,
20 Montgomery st. -
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, ccr. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College— Fouf%h ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
HORSE. $25: 5 sets of single and double har-
ness; 2 buggies: cheap. 79 City Hall ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
'etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission sU
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work.drlvlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
lng wagon for Bale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath. $18; Olive ave.,
between Polk and Van Ness, Geary and
O'Farrell. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
NICE bay-window house. 9 rooms and bath;
12th St., between Mission and Howard; rent
$40; key at corner. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
CO., Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
I TO let — Fine 8-room hous.\ w.th ta : h and Jarge
basement: 11S1 Oak 6t.. near Devisadero;
| rent $27 DO; by CHAS. QUAST, 403 Pine St.;
key at 1183, next door.
COTTAGE six rooms; 0 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
JO Ewer place.
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner st.,
near Eillls.
$35 — A SNAP; 10 new tomny rooms In Cryt-
class order. 1449 Devisadero St.. cor. Geary.
. HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELEGANT corner "residence: Mission warm
belt; completely furnished; owner (gentle-
man) will board if desired. Address box
1533. Call office. - ¦
NICELY furnished sunny 7-room house; Sacra-
mento, near Fillmore. Box 1744, .Call.
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah st.. near the park. '
- HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonla Hall. 1332 Howard st_. bet,
9th and 10th. for a term of years'; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
INVESTMENTS.
: THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery St.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AND FOUND.
Yawl boat, painted green, builder G. W.
Kneass. stolen from schooner Alameda while
lying at Goat Island, May 5 or 0. Return to
1 the Patent Brick Co., Berry st., bet. 5th
and Cth, San Francisco.
LOST— In this city or on train to Napa, heavy
silver cigarette case; monogram G. N. Proper
reward when returned to 310 Sansome st.
LOST — Black, silky haired skye terrier dog;
. hind leg crippled: tag 533; red ribbon on col-
lar; reward. NAGLE, 304 Van Ness ave.
LOST — Large bunch of keys, about April 21;
reward by leaving at 44 East st. C. A. Mc-
r PHKE.
FOUND — A fox terrier, female, block and
white, brown spotted eyes. Owner can have
the same on calling at 242 Natoma st. '
I FOUND — A package of papers and a passbook
j on'a savings bank. Owner call 37 Third st.
IT will pay to "Remembeii' that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutler St., needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
IRON sidewalk doors with castlron frames;
second-hand, but equal to new, and at only
halt cost; iron cratlngs. P. H. JACKSON
& CO., 223-230 First st. ,,
A — BUYS, se'.is or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Suear st.
BAR fixtures: biz stock: Installments: billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
! Brun«wlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250. will sell If taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 172S. Call office.
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps, dyna-
mos, water pipe and belting. H. S. WHITE.
130 Boale «____ fc
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX, 418 Sutter st.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 330 Kearny «t., near Pine. •
FINE SUITS, $10: dre*s pants. 82 75l MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
45-H.P. Hercules marine gas engine; rood as
¦ new; cheap. J. A. Thomson, 107 Fremont.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
i BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
I BAKER & HAMILTON. . '
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART, Valley Ford, Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
- picture machines, films'. Bacigstlupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE eneines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and U inches. J. -E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE_CO., 417-423 Sacramento «t.
- FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McManters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand . modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krcch Mfg Co., 619 Market st.
MAGIC. lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & liRECK.' 131 Post st.
5IISCKI.L.VNKUUM AV.4XTS.
BIG prices paid tor sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bufh 434.
BUREAU trunk wanted: 1 second hand; price*
size. Box 057, Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. ..Box 4960. Call office.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
. theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sixes, any
> .condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks.,41STurk.
HELP WAKTEP— MALE— Cob.
A— MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 5&4S
¦. Leading Employment and Labor Agents, j
Office • Open 7 a. m;
5000 men ....... f . . '. ' 6000 men
"Wanted ... . Five Thousand Men .... Wanted
Free fare Free fare,
@ For S. P. R. R., Santa Fe R. R., C. P. R. R.
350 drillers ........ Nevada Free fare
.250 hammersmen....... Nevada Free fare
186 car dumpers. .......Nevada Free fare
' ' 453 concrete men ..... .Nevada . .'. . . Free fare
6 crane men. $90 Nevada Free fare
1605 teamsters Nevada Free fare
1C05 laborers .Nevada. . . . :Free fare
80 caroenters' helpers. .Nevada.... .Free fare
43 masons' helpers Nevada..... Free fare
i 191 rockmen. .Nevada Free fare
97 laborers to mix concrete, Nevada, free
fare, wages $2, $2 50, $3 day. fee $1
$1 Fee $1 Fee No other expenses
Free fare.. For Great Santa Fe... .Free far*
35 laborers for track work, board in hotel.
:MINES, QUARRIES, SAWMILLS
2 engineers, $00, $125; 2tt miners, $3 50, $3,
$75; 4 sulphate roasters for mine, boss here
$90; 19 laborers for mines, different mines,
$60; 26 quarrymen, $00; single and double
hand drillers. .
TO ALL PARTS OF THIS AND OTHER
STATES.
_ 265 different classes of help for sawmills,
woods, wharves, flumes, etc., laborers, team-
sters, $30, $35 and fd.; cut-off sawyers,
snipers, shingle packers, hundreds of other
sawmill, woods, planing mill help wanted,
come see, some fare paid.
MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT.
29 blacksmiths for shops, camps, mines,
ranchas. foundries, etc.; also 12 helpers; 3
tool sfiarpeners, wages run $4, ' $3 50, $3,
, $2 50, $2 day; 3 cabinetmakers; 0 rough car-
penters; 9 carpenters, $3 50, $3, $2 60 day,"
city and country; 3 bench hands, planing
mill, $3 day: woodworker; lathe worker; a
carriage painters; 5 men to make wire beds;
machine men; C4 other mechanics wanted;
come see.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.....
164 FARM.. "....ORCHARD.... ..VINEYARD
Dairy hands, butter and cheese makers, $45,
?40, $35, $30, $2(j and found; 27 choreboys,
and men, $30 and -found; for a banking syn-
cate's great ranch, orchard and vineyard,
1(1 men to do any class of work put to do, no
. experience required, later on pick and pack
fruit, $30 and found to start with. COME,
SEE US -
... . . .38 : HAYMAKERS and MOWERS
29 scraper teamsters for farm, $30 and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
; AND ALL PARTS OF CAL.
128 laborers, teamsters, some board home,
$2 25. $2. $1 75 day. $35, $30, $26 and found, I
steady work; sack sewers, 3 handy men; 3 j
choremen ; cheese maker i
STABLES SPECIAL NOTICE I
15 section R. R, hands 3 men and wives I
for farms, etc., $45 and found; milker and
wife, see boss here; 20 stablemen, city and I
country .$30 and found to $00
Boy to work-in grocery store; 3 milk wagon
drivers; roustabout for bakery; 2 boys to de-
liver circulars, city Job, no fee; milker and
wife, boss here, fare paid... .$45 and found
...HOTEL and OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
20 cooks for Arizona and California, In hotels,
camps, mines, hotels, cafes, restaurants,
, ranches, etc., $55, $50, $45, $40, $30 found,
come, see; 12 second cooks, helpers, $40, $35,
$30 and found; 29 dishwashers, potwashers.
etc., $30, $25, $20 and found ; bedmakers ; 8
bell and elevator boys; first, spcond, third
hand ¦¦ bakers ; 3 helpers and roustabouts for
bakeries; 5 porters.
For other places, come and see. ?
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay stV
GARDENER. $30 and found; 2 drivers for milk
wagons, $50; 3 men for haying, $1 35 day
and board; 3 choremen, $25 and $30 and
found; stableman, private family, $55; milker
and wife, $45 and found; farmers and wives,
$40 and $50 and found; farmers, $25, $30 and
$35 and found; milkers, $25, $30 and $35
and found; laborers for mill and woods, $30
and $35 and found, fare paid; lumber piler,
$00; laborers and carmen for mine. $2 day;
drillers, $2 25 day, free fare; teamsters, $2
to $2 25 day and $1 25 day and" board; 10
boys for factory. 75c to $1 per day, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. - - •
RANCH blacksmith, $40 and found; carriage-
smith, $3 to $3 CO day; carriage painters; 2
machinists, $3 25 day; 2 car repairers. $2 25
day; bench" hfind for mill, $3 day; furnace
man for mine; circular sawyer for small
mill. $2 25 day and boards and many ethers.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country. $50; hotel
cook, country, $45; 2 hotel second cooks, $40
and $30; restaurant cook,' country, $5O; night i
cook and waiter, $35; ¦ cook for men, $40;
waiters, dishwashers and other hotel and
restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 028
Sacramento st.
YOUNG Eastern driver for milk wagon, $50.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg.. phone Bush 405.
V. RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE ...FREE FARE.....
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 23 day
. 50 concrete men..- $2 25 y *aay
Setter or screw turner, sawmill, Slskiyou
County .., $50 per month and found
2 doggers. .... ...$57 50 per month and found
2 hooktenders... .$57 50 per month and found
10 lumber pilers .$2 to $2 25 per day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
A YOUNG man to wash dishes in a small hos-
pital: man and wife, small ranch, $45. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. -
WANTED— Trustworthy person in each county
to manage business established house solid
financial standing; bona fide weekly cash sal-
ary; $1S paid each Wednesday, with all ex-
penses, direct from headquarters; money ad-
vanced for expenses. Manager, 350 Caxton
¦ bldg., Chicago. .
WANTED — For U. S. army 1 , ablebodied unmar-
ried men, between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st., San
Francisco, or Masonic building, Sacramento.
BUSHELMAN. repairing rhop: call early,
ready for work. G. MARTINI, 118 Mont-
gomery ave.
STRONG boy 15 to 18 to work in laboratory,
wholesale manufac. estab.: permanent: $4 50 j
week .beginning. Box 1743, Call office. j
! STRONG man move furniture. $3 50 per day;
ca'.l 7 a. m. ; potwasher, hotel, "$25, room and
board. 502 Taylorst.
BRIGHT young man as partner In profitable
brokeraKe office; $2'<0 cash required; good
"chance lo suitable party. 318 Kearny, r. 1.
BUSHELMAN wanted: good wages; steady job.
PAUSON & CO.. 200 Kearny st. .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 137 Tay-
lor st.. near Eddy. • . ' '; f
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 322
Grant ave.
WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
237% Fifth st. ¦¦ . ¦ . j
BARBER wanted from Saturday- noon and
Sunday: wages $4 50. 021 Harrison st.
BARBER wanted. 289 Seventh st.
WANTED — Driver solicitor, on commission, for
dyeing and cleaning works. - 1643 Market st.
WANTED — Military tailors at 2820 Greenwich
street. _• " ¦ ¦
TINSMITH, good Jobbing bench hand. 543
Mission st.
MAN to drive a bakery wagon. Box 961. Call
office.
WANTED — A waiter. 1502 Kentucky st.
"VEGETABLE man. New Washington -Hotel,
384 Fourth st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $150 for I
an old-established business that will pay $70
¦ a month: ncr experience required: light work.
Call at 1010 -Market St.. room 10.
WANTED — Boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address, stating age and experience, box
. 1745, Call- office.
1C00 MEN wanted to buy army shoes at 75c a
pair. 1155 Market st. \'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
i dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
I a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Presser for ladles' tailor-made
suits. Apply between S and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced window dresser. Ap-
ply between S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROti.'
WANTED — Flrst-class wash goods salesman.
Apply between S and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' . •
WANTED — Bright boy from' 16- to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS*.
WANTED— First-class silk and ' dress goods
, salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Amateur musicians to Join mili-
tary reed band. Apply 32S Bush St.. third
• floor, room 4.
BARKEEPER, German preferred; state refer-
ences: positively no one considered without.
Box 954, Call office. ¦ '
WANTED — Reliable young man with, some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week ; steady place. BROWN, 1221 Market.
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted; good workman;- to
run gallery. Box 951, Call office. v
.WANTED — Young men to learn '.barber trade.-
- S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st. l
'DISHWASHER; first class. Capital Restau-
rant, -. 2C6 McAllister Et.
WANTED — First-class wrapper. S. N WOOD
.:& CO.. 71S Market st. ¦'..-.-
WANTED— First-class shoemakers on repalr-
. Ing. 30^ Clay st.. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
trice. 0C3 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
GET your- shoes half-soled. while waiting;' 25c
..to DOc. ,563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts. i. Isaac J.; Morgan, "who is being sued for
$50,000 damages by Miss. TiUie-Habermehl
for. alleged betrayal under,; promise : of
marriage." filed an answer- yesterday to tha
young lady's complaint. He denies that he
ever ; promised f to marry her : and alleges
that she knew that he waa married.
Morgan ; Denies the Charges
WESTERN HOTEL.
M E Granes, Md
J D Law, Md
J.W Shafer, M D. Md
R B Nfxon, : Iowa ; .
A K ' Ockersen, • Iowa -
G Peterson, R Vista
PE Arses. P Costa .
C A Claney. Seattle
L B Parks & w, L A
E A Hubbard. Mass
B H Strather. Mexico
H Whlrlty, Mexico .:
S O Wand.. Mexico
J H , Harvey, Ports
mouth . • -
AD Fells, S LOblspo
PCattey, Rio vista
H E Young, Vallejo
J Bwanson, N Orleans
Jt S Pyke. w & ch,
• Vancouver -.- -
F Bachaason. Cal
C Johnson, Denver
#s •;:¦'¦?- - ¦'-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Supreme Court Returns.
The Supreme Court returned from Sac
ramento .'yesterday and will now remain
in session . in this city continuously for
several months. - .;
FRIDAY, May 9— J p . m .
Bid. Ask, ".1 \ Bid Aalc
Alpha 02 \0. - J Justice :.. <u" jik
Alta ........— 05 IKentuck ..,".'. 01 "'•$»
Andes •. 04 OS.'Lady Wash. . — qI
Belcher. 07 CO 1 Mexican .'.... CS f>Bfl
Best & Bel... 21 . 22 Occidental .. 13 JI
Bullion ....... 02 CIS Ophlr 1 65 1 7ft
Caledonia ... OS 1 C5 Overman ' *u £>
Challenge ... 17 1!> Patoai . . "¦'2a ¦£
Chollar ...... 15 16 Savage ... " MCftiR
Confidence . .. SO ,64 Scorpion ¦ a±
C C & Va....V50 1 55 Seg; Belcher".' '* W> X«
Con Imperial." — 02 Sierra Nev . • 2fl t'n
Con NY — 01 Stiver Hill... 44 "^
Crown Point. . 07 . 08 St Louis.. -_ ns
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate . _ 07
Exchequer ... — .02 Union Con... 20
Gould & Cur. 16 ; 17 Utah ... (tt nx.
Hale & Nor.. 21 Zi Tel Jacket.:: 14- l«
Julia' ... : . — • 04 -.•-.-.• . .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Fair. Oaks Camp of this city will take
care of the visitors and members of the
encampment.' Monday night Chinatown
will be visited and on Tuesday a trip -will
be made around the bay on "the Govern
ment steamer McDowell, which will
touch at Alcatraz and Angel Islands
Forts Baker and Mason and the Presidio'
The annual encampment of trie Califor
nia Division of the Sons of Veterans will
open at 1 Ruby Hall, 320 Post street, next
Monday morning at 9:30 o'clock. Colonel
C. E. Washburn, division- commander
and Adjutant J. _C. Medlar will arrive to^
morrow afternoon from Los Angeles and
establish headquarters at the Grand Ho
tel. The annual meeting- of the division
council will be held on Sunday afternoon
It is expected that 'the encampment will
conclude all business Monday except the
installation of the newly elected officers
and staff. The installation . will take
place Tuesday night, when the annual
banquet will be held.
to Chinatown Are Arranged for
¦ the Visitors.
Excursion Around the Bay and Trip
SONS OF VETEEANS :
TO HOLD ENCAMPMENT
Mrs. P. D. Browne, San Rafael: Mrs. -Robert
Dollar, San Rafael: Mrs. A. E. Kent San
Itafael; Mrs. S. F. Barstow, San Rafael- Mrs
W. D. x Rideout. 1950 Washington street: Mrs."
L. McLaine. 2220 Washington street: Mrs F
Dalton, :«02 Twenty-first street: Mrs. A W*
Jackson. 3750 Clay street; Mrs. G. S. Webster"
1810 Pacific avenue; Mrs. J.- A. Weston 4> 65li
Howard street; Mrs. T. • P. TIsdale, : Alameda
The rummag'e sale of the San Fran
cisco Presbyterian Orphanage will open
this morning at 724 Montgomery avenue,
corner of Greenwich'. The ladles having
the affair in hand have rented ' a large
store and will be ready to dispose of ar
ticles of wearing apparel" at reduced
prices. Generous .people who . have old
clothes and household articles to give
away will confer a favor on the commit
tee by sending them to the above address
or notifying the ladies where they can
send for them. The proceeds of the sale
will be devoted to the institution. The
following ladies can also be notified if
any one wishes to donate articles:
the San. Francisco Presbyte
rian Orphanage.
Proceeds Are to Be Turned Over to
CHAKITABLE "LADIES TO
HOLD BIG RUMMAGE SALE
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Bel... 22 400 Mexican r ' sr,
200 Best & Bel... 1£1 200 Mexican "
1200 Caledonia ... 81 300 Ophlr ' " % "t«>i
300 Caledonia ..... .83 ICO Ophir t 70
200 Caledonia ... 00 200 Ophir 1 «"
400 Caledonia ... 92 700 Ophir " 1 no
200 Caledonia ft . . 8;t COO Overman ' r " " • oi
400 Caledonia'.... 96 000 Overman ""' -Sf
1C0 Caledonia .1 07% 800 Overman "'"
300 Caledonia ..-.1.05 800 Potosi ""' '-m
200 Caledonia ...1 00 BOO Overman*""* •£
GOO Chollar ....... 16 1000 Savare" """ ft
700 C C & Va: .1 47& 1500 Silver HlYl' ' ' ii
500 C C & Va....l 45 600 Union Con ot
450 C C & Va....l 50 200 Union Con"' 2s
700 Mexican ..... 5S 600 Utah . . . ' "'04
Morning Session
300 Belcher ...... 11 2C0 Mexican .. «0
300 Best & Bel... 23 200 Qphir « i ™
250 Caledonia ... SO 300 Ophir 1 vs
15«~Caledonta. ! . . .• S5 2€O Ophir -"" " *i 'soS
000 Caledonia V.. HO SCO Ophir i 3*
50 Caledonia :.. 03 100 Ophir i7«u
200 Caledonia ... 79 TOO Overman" w
2C0 Caledonia ... 78 7C0 Overman "" ti
300 Caledonia ... 75 . 200 Overman " '" S5
10O Caledonia ... 7:s 0C-O Overman £ ' " ' "
200 Caledonia ...• 70 500 Overman xi
wiachoiur ...... l- 5co potos? "¦¦30
350 C C & Va.V.l (io 200 Savage '"' is
400 C C & Va. A«7Vj 1000 Silver HtYl"'. ' 43
2C0 CCA Va. .1>57^ 4C0 Union Con! '. '. 31
200 Challenge ... 19 400 Union Con 30
COO Challenga ... 20 200 Yel JaciS" * Yl
The followingr were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: ratine
6C0 Belcher C8 200 Hale & Nor "o
? e f^ & B?1 -" 2l - 1C0 Mexican .. .] 57
800 Caledonia ... 00, 3Q0 Mexican . . M
6C0 Caledonia- . . . 95 1 100 Occid-ntal 1*
100 Caledonia ... 9? 1400 Ophlr '"i 1%
Io0 Caledonia ... »«> 130 Ophlr 1 ?n
™ al^ Onla • • * 98 I ¦ SM Overman ' '. ! .' " 2n
500 Chollar ...... HV 7C0 Potosi
200 C C & Va. . . .1 50 ICO Silver HtYf ' ' Ko
300 Crown Feint; 07 1500 Utah wm -"
100 Gould & Cur. 17l 200 Yel Jacket:*: 13
Afternoon Session
1?™ A n , d ? 8 C5 1100 Mexican . . .'. . 64
1 1 CO Belcher 10 :<00 Mexican .... 63
200 Best & Bel... 2.J 1100 ODhir 1 s£
300 Caledonia . .". 90 200 Overman ". "I * Io
in?2 £* e 2 On ! a •" - 06 200 Overman . 39
?S2 U* e 1 onla - • • 8 7 ICO .Overman 38
i^^ ae 5° na ••• °* 2G0 Overman v . . 37
1™ Caledonia ... 02 lW Potosi . . . *. . . 29
h o a fc e ..::: Wwitt^i | 0 °
Morning Session
The following: were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
FRIDAY. MAT 9.
Klizabeth McGufftck (widow) to John Bren
ner, lot on N line of Clay street, 109 E of Vaa
Ness avenue, E 50 by N 127:SH: ?10.
Mary J. and Charles G. Church to Emma S.
Willard (wife of Joseph M.), lot on S line oC
. Francisco street. 137:0 E of Franklin. E 13S.
j S 82:6. W 0:6. S 53. W 137:6, N 137:6; $10.
j Mary A. Eggleton (wife of George) to same,
10; on S line of Francisco street. 275 E of
Franklin, E 0:8 by S 82:6; $10.
Aucrusta and Edmjmd Lauterbach to Ellen
and Thcmas Palmer, lot. on E line of Pierce
street. 45:10 N of Filbert. N 22:11 E 03:7>i.
SW 22:11. W S9:2: 810. >"«.J.
Louis H. and Lena S. Bishop to Theodora
BielenberR, lot on NE corner of Grove and
Lyon streets. E 48:10^ by N 100; $10.
George and Mary Wittman to Lollta Eicher
(wife of William), lot on W line of Lyon street
50 S of Grove. S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
. William Eicher to same, same; gift
Theresa C. Hoin to William F. Wilson lot
on N line of Golden Gate, avenue 37: ft W of
Central avenue. AV 0:3 by N 110; also all in
terest In land occupied by building on N"W cor
ner cf Gclden Gate and Central avenues: $10.
' Faciflc Improvement Company to Oiarlea S.
Hm!ey. lot on E Una of Cole street, S7:6 S of
Frederick. S 25 by E 105:7*i: $10.
Jennie Smith to William Foley. lot on NAV
corner of Eighteenth and Folsom streets W lOo
by N 50; $10. t
City and County of San Francisco to Dorothy
"Whelan. lot on W line of Noe street 30 N of
Seventeenth, N 50. W 95. S 80, E 5, N 30 B
80; gift.
Martin and Katharina Joost to John A.
TVoodward, lot on SW corner of Fourteenth and
Noo streets, S 76 by W 06; $10.
Sarah J. Parrlsh. Norman. Parrlsh Estate (a
.corporation). HattSe A. or Mrs. E. J. Hoot.
Cora B. or Mrs. William Plunkett. and Walter
or Walter N. Parrlsh to Elise Hoorman.' lot on
"W line of Bartlett street. 135 S of Twenty
fourth. S 50 by W 11T:6; $10.
' Estate of Susan or Susan E. Blanc (by Ida
E. Connor, administratrix) to Edouard F. or
Edouard Blanquie, lot on 3 line oC California
street. 23 E of Powell. E 24 by S 100; $6000.
Bacque Girons to Pametla J. Rand. lot on
S line of Pacifle street. It53 :2}4 W of Hyde.
W 20 by S 73r $10. .
William Matthews to Edward R. and Barney
B.' Galland. lot on NE line of Eighth street,
155 SE of Folsom, SE 30. by NE 120; $10.
JLazard or Lazar Lion to William Matthews,
lot on SE line, of Eighth street. 155 SE of Fol- '
som, SE 30 by NB 12O (quitclaim deed): $1.
Ella A. McNear to Margaret X. Magulre
(single). . lot on E line of Ninth avenue 225 V
o; California street. N 50 by E 120; $10. .
Salomon or- Solomon Relsa to Emma J.
Smith, lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 375 S of
Point Loboa, S 25 by E 120; $10.
R. W. and Mary E. Tanslll to Frederick
Bose and Kichard Jurgena. lot on W line of
Nineteenth avenue, 250 S of A street. S 25 bv
W 120; $10. y
k Geonto F. Lyon to Frieda Franceschlnl. lot
on E line of Twelfth avenue. 175 S of O street
3 25 by B 120; $10. I *
WllUam Efley to Tfaekla Patterson (Effey).
lot 871. gift maD 4; rift.
Ellen E. Breed (wife of D. C.) to Arthur H
Breed (2-3) and Herbert L. Breed (3-5), lot oa
S corner of Twenty-second avenue and K
street. SE. 75 by SW 100. block 435. South San
Francisco Homestead; gift.
Joseph F. Dolan to John and Annie Nickola.
lot on SW corner of Union avenue and Banks
(Ward) street. S 75 by W 70, lots 607, 600 and
611. gift map 2; $10.
Joseph R. and Margaret Eldridge to Frled
erich Hoflnghoff. lot ok NW line of North ave
nue, 77 SW of Eugenia street, SW 51:4 by NW
14O. lots SOfiv 307. 324 and S25. Ccbb Tract; $10.
Lucretla Basslgnano to Lizzie M. Brown, lot
on -W line of Moscow street. 73 N of Brazil
N 75 by W 100, block 72, Excelsior Homestead"
$10.
Lizzie M. Brown to Lucretia Bassignano, lot
on E line of Athena street, 75 N of Brazil. N*
75. byE 100k block 72, same; $10.
Aime D. and Rosa Athenour to- S. Duoas
Company (corporation), lot on X line of Nine
teenth avenue. 150 E of L street. NE fOO by
: SE 73. black. 368. South San Francisco Home
stead; $10. •
Builders' Contracts.
Louis Levin (owner) with Che3ney'& Durn
ford (contractors), architect T. P. Ross— All
work excent mantels, grates, tiling, gas fix
tures-, window shades and finish hardware for
one 3-story basament and attic frame building
and one 2-story basement and attic frame
buildlnz (flats) on lot on N line of Geary
street, 110 W of Polk, W 27:6 by N 120; $11,
520. ' .
Mrs. C. L. Ashe (owner) with Rickpy & Co.
(contractors), architect Edward L. ' Holmes — '
Alterations - and additions - for a 3-storv and
basement frame building- on lot on S line of
Sacramento street, ¦ 157:6 W of Buchanan, W
&4:4',4 by S 132:8%: S3200. — i
¦ Aus. Reusche (owner) with J. Bucher (con- /
tractor), architect John Zlximermann — All {
work except painting, gasfittlss. plumbing and
S2werlnc for a H-story and basement f ramo '
building (3 flats) on lot on S line of Fell
street, 247:6 E ot Octavia, E 27 ;6 by S 120:
$8410.
¦" Sime owner with same contractor, architect
same — All work for alterations and additions
to » 2-story - frame bn tiding, at. 212 and 214
Hickory avenue, between Uough and Octavia
streets; jiGSO.
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Afternoon Session. ._
Board— - ...
400 Monte Crist&.V. ........ 1 •&
1000 Occidental of W Va . "."•" w
2000 Occidental of W Va B m" '"' $Z
30 Peerless , .-..,. ¦••¦••: — •
50 Sovereign ¦ ZZ
1300 Stcriinc "¦; rStt
100 Sterling, B 10. . .. ;. ; . . . '..', ' ' A Jf»
100 Sterling, cash... ' *f £>u
100 Sterling. B CO ••••••• i J£h|
- 80 Thirty-three .:........'. .'" : "" SOC
' - ¦Morn»iu: Session. ' ¦ • •_ :
~ Board-— . • ¦ . 1- ¦ ¦ -. -
500 Independence ¦.. ..V ¦ -as'
100 Lion ¦¦"' og
4000 Occidental of W Va «u
50 Peerless ' ' « so
1200 Sterling. S 30 • . " 'iSr
400 Sterling ,...:..... ""' 1 «^
200 Sterling ' -.'i:.\'.vM ! ? • '¦'¦ •="'*V-'i -sot/
200 Sterling, B 30. '. . .:\\l V; '."'¦' ¦' ""\ Z^
400 Sterling, . cash '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 1 80
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
The treasurer rendered a report showing
that the society is in excellent financial
condition. '
At the regular monthly meeting of the
California State Floral Society held yes
terday afternoon at Sherman-Clay Hall,
George AV. Dunn, a distinguished ento*
mologist who has spent Hhe greater part
of his eighty-eight years of life in the
forests of California studying the insects
and the wild flora, entertained the mem
bers with a very interesting description
of some of the rare specimens of Califor
nia's wild flowers. He also related some
of the exciting experiences which he had
in the pioneer days while pursuing his
studies in the woods. He told how he
waa lured to this State' in search of gold
and how the beautiful floral scenery had
induced him to make the far West his
home. He was given a rising vote oi
thanks for his dissertation and also ex
tended an invitation to attend all the
flower shows given by the society.
Mrs. John R. Martfn, . chairman of the
exhibition and award committee, which
has charge of the flower show to be given
in the south nave of the ferry building
the latter part of this month, reported
that great interest is being taken in the
exhibition by merobers-of the society and
by flower lovers in general. She also re
ported that an invitation had been ex
tended to the pupils of the higher grade.-!
o£ the grammar schools, the children of
the orphan asylum's and the inmates of
the Old Ladies' Home to attend the show.
His Studies of the Wild Flora
of California.
Distinguished Entomologist Tells of
FLORAL SOCIETY ENJOYS
A LECTTTRE ON IXOWERS
Afternoon Session.
. Board — •
10 Cal Wine^Assn ....101 25
9."> Makaweli ; 23 7a
25'MakaweIl. S 90.,, 4 23 50 "
5 Oceanic S S Co... , 30 25
30 S F Gas & Electric Co... 44 00
5 S V Water, cash'.... 91 «2V4
•« Board— . n
$2000 S F & S J V Bonds....... 121 00 '
Board-^' . ¦ ,
20 Giant Powder Con. ). 78 50
15 Oakland Gaa.. 62 75
100 Presidio R R 8» 00
25 S V Watex 81 62%
Street— - l .. ut.
$3000 S-P4SJ V Bonds....... 121 00
Mornlns Session.
Alaska Pack.l6Hil62 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit AS— .102}$ Pac C Borx.163 —
Cal Wine As.l0l}& — Par Paint... 23 —
Oceanic S Co 30 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
German 1990 . — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humbpldt . . — — Security Sav.340 300
MutuaVSav. 80 — Union Trst. 1830 —
S F Sav U..520 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 182 .Market 99*4102 •
Geary — CO (Presidio .... — 40
POWDER;
Giant ...... 78% 80 ,'Vlgorlt • ZVi —
SUGAR.
Hana ...... 3Va 4V-CKHauea .... — 914
Hawaiian ... — 40 Makaweli ... 2.5% 24
Honokaa .... 11 11% Onomea. .... 24Vi 25
Hutchinson . 12% — 'Paauhau ... ll'/» 12'/.
SAVINGS BANKS
Amer B & T.110 — First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. 00V4 91 L P & A 168% —
Bank of Cal. 425 — Mer Ex (liq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp. 120 — S F Nationl. 140 : —
BANKS
Cent L & P. 2V-i — ]Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. . 3% 3% Sao E G&IU 35 j 30
Mutual ..... 3%'. AVj S F G & E.. 44 —
O G L & H. . 62^ -*- S F G L Co. 6& —
Pac G Im... 40 4O«4 Stktn G & E. S —
* \ INSURANCE. ,
Firem's Fnd.260 270 ' : ¦*
QAS AND ELECTRIC,
WATER STOCKS,
Contra Costa "idYj 78 I Port" Costa. . 63^ 66
Marin Co ... 59 —-..I Spring: Val.. 91^ 92
' MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
H C&S 5fts.lO3 — Sierra Cal 63.118 —
Do 5s .... — 99 S P of A Us
L Ang R 5s.llS%U9& (1000) ..V.113%114
L AX, Co tis.lOa 105 v (1910) 11434 _
Do gtd 6s — ¦ S P of "C d
_ Do gtd os. — 1OI& (1005)Sr A.106%106Vi
L A & P 5s.lO3 — (1005)Sr B.107& —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (190«) ~ —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1912) — 122
Do lem os. 120^121% S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. 112 — c gntd 5s. — —
Do Cs 120^121 Do stmpd. .109&
Pac C Ss....t00%110& SP Br Cal 6s. — . 139ft
N R of C Bs. 114% — S V Wat «e.M0V5Ul
Oak Gas 5s. — 114 Do 4s, 2dm.lO2 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 124 — Do 4s 3dm. — 1021.4
Do 1st c5s.li:»%115 Stkn G&E6S.102 104
Oak. W G 53.103^104Vi "
.The citizens named, all large property
owners, are: William Carson, Josiah
Bell. J. W. Henderson. W. S. Clark. Alex
Connick. C P. Soule, John S. Connick. J.
K. Dollison, H. W.» McClellan, James
Simpson.
Sewer Pipe Inspector McDonald, who
was accused of offering a bribe to tha
Stockton company to keep it from bid
ding, resigned his position after the-
Council dismissed the charges against
him.
- Rejection of the bid3 and readvertise
ment are the results sought by the Stock
ton Pottery Company, the manager of
which filed the sensational affidavit con
taining charges against Inspector Mc-
Donald and members of the Council. On
account of these accusations, the . mem
bers of the Council decided that they
could not be impartial in the controversy.
Councilman Poland voted against the ref
erence to a committee and declared if the
Councilmen deemed themselves incompe
tent to deal with the question they ought
to resign.
EUREKA. May 9.— The City Council de
cided at a special meeting to-day to shift
the responsibility of determining the
sewer-pipe controversy, which has been
agitating ; the municipality for several
days to other shoulders, and by a vote
of four to' two passed the problem up to
ten leading citizens. The duty of the cit
izens whom the Council has named will
be to report on the advisability of accept
ing the best of the bids now on file or re
jecting all and readvertislng for bids
without the clause in the specifications
calling for the delivery of all of the pipe
within forty-five days.
Special. Dispatch to' The CalL
At the close of the service a death mask
of the Archbishop, was taken. The body
was placed in a casket, which was taken
to the crypt under the high altar and
placed in a vault beside the bodies of
Archbishop Hughes and Cardinal McClos
key. Bishop McQuaid of Rochester said
the final -prayers.
ROME. May 9.— It ia not likely that the
successor of Archbishop Corrigan will lie
nominated at the next consistory, and
probably more than a month will elapse
before action will be reached. It is there
fore probable that a capitalary Vicar will
be appointed to administer the archdio
ceses. ¦ . .
After the sermon Cardinal Gibbons, ac
companied by four Bishops of the arch
diocese—Bishops Burke, Gabriels, Ludden
and McQuald — descended to the cata
falque. The five absolutions to which the
dead Archbishop by rank of office was
entitled were then given.
What, after all, is death to such a man as
this? What but a liberation, an illumina
tion, a union. A liberation from most press
ing duties and responsibilities, an illumination
when the light of God's face shall shine upon
him. and he will hold the- solutions of the
great problems of life and . the length and
breadth and height and depth of God's love.
and..«- union with the divine original, after
wljom he .was formed.
The Archbishop himself was as a rock —
mossy and yielding on the surface, but be
iieatli firm and immovable. . He was brave with,
the courage of God. , for whom alone he acted
ai»d suffered. His humility seemed to make
him timid. I know, on the testimony of Car
dinal McCloskey. that he did all in his power
to prevent his name being sent to Rome foe
the dignity of Archbishop of New York. He
feared the awful responsibility. So did some
q! the greatest Bishops that ever lived, hut
when they had to accept the office they became
the bravest. ' " ¦ • , •- • .
The three Archbishops of this great See were
types of different characteristic virtues. The
Most Rev. John Hughes stands • out as the
striking exemplification of courage, when cour
age was much needed. . Cardinal McCloskey
waa distinguished for -his marvelous prudence,
by which he conquered without fighting. Arch
bishop Corrigan seemed to belong: rather to
the Cardinal McCloskey class of men. but when
principle was involved he was as immovable
as Archbishop Hughen. His motto. "Dominus
Petra Mea" (The Lord Is my rock), ' was first
that of the meek but brave patriarch Moses.
The cathedral was crowded when the
service began. At 10:30 o'clock the pro
cession of priests. Bishops and Arch
bishops witn Cardinal Gibbons entered
the cathedral. A Protestant Episcopal
minister, the .Rev, F. M. Clendenntng,
rector of St. Peter's Protestant Episcopal
Church, Westchester. walked In the pro
cession with Dr. Brann of St. Agnes' Ro
man Catholic Church. After the reading
cf the Gospel Archbishop Ryan of Phila
delphia preached the sermon, in the
course of which he said:
; A wreath of Easter lilies, white roses
and snowballs was received at the cathe
dral this morning from President Roose
velt. Another wreath bore the name of
John W, Mackay.
The officiating clergymen were: Cele
brant, Cardinal Gibbons of Baltimore; as
sistant priest, the Right Rev. Joseph F.
Mooney, Vicar General ; deacons of honor
—the Right Rev. John Edwards of the
Church of the Immaculate Conception
and the Rev. Colton of St. Stephen's; dea
con to the mass, the Rev. McGean of St.
Peter's; sub-deacon, the Rev. Father, La
velle. pastor of the cathedral; masters of
ceremoniesi-the Rev. James Connelly of
the Church of Our Lady and Good Coun
cil and the Rev. Thomas M. McMahon of
St. Stephen's; preacher, Archbishop Ryan
of Philadelphia.
Before 6 o'clock, the h<jur of the first
mass, there were 3000 persons around the
cathedral waiting for the opening of the
dpors. Five masses were said up to 8
o'clock, and as one congregation left the
large building another took its place. At
the end of the 8 o'clock mass the .doors
were closed so that preparations might be
made for the final ceremonies, which
were set for 10:30.
NEW YORK. May S.-yA requiem mass
for the repose of the soul of the Most
Rev. Michael Augustine Corrigan. Arch
bishop of New York, was said to-day in
St. Patrick's Cathedral by Cardinal Gib
bons of Baltimore, in the presence of.
eight Archbishops, eighteen Bishops and
more than 1000 priests of the. church.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From -Page Eleven.
Inspector Resigns After the
Charge Against Him Is
Dismissed,
Thousands of Mourners As
semble at New York
;, Cathedral
Church Dignitaries Pay
Honor to Archbishop
in Death.
Turns Sewer-Pipe Scan
dal Over to a Com
mittee,
EUREKA COUNCIL
CALLS FOR HELP
PRELATES MEET
AT HIS BIER
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, M&Y 10, 1902;
13
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATUS.
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they -
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All. subscriber* .-to ' The
Call- are entitled to a copy' of
"this treat i book at the prem-
ium - rate "of Jfl 50.. Oat of
torvn 'subscribers destrlns a
copy of this splendid pre>u-
lu m will be supplied on re-
ceipt - of f 1 BO. All mall
orders Trill be snlppetl by ex-
press at • subscriber's , expense.
rcnso!VAL.s. £¦
VJAVI has been manufactured for over flftee:
vein 1 : It cured hundreds of ailins women ii
its first year and has cured thousands of suf
ferers every year Fince; booklet tor mother
¦ and <Jau^!itPry mailed free. The Viavi Co.
,jd s:i<>4-0-8 Van Ness tve; phone IZast Sa:
Francisco.
AX ele^nt line of remnants for suits to order
S15: with these cults we make an «xtrn pal
of pants free of chance; other suits on install
meats. SI weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Marke
ft., betv.-een Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC ligrht in every room — W'lncheste
Hotel. 44 Third tt., ne»r Market; 700 rooms
25c to fl 50 per niprht; $1 50 to ?0 per week
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry
CXLT Uttatffl hair dressing. 25c, any rty!»
eliam-ooins: HOc; manicuring, 25c; largest an.
best ttock of switches on the coast. G
I.EDERER. 123 Stockton St.
A— 1VHAT~do you thlnli? O. BEBMAX, 4
Ellis, makes colored shirts to ord»x; $1 each
same as white shirts: selection 300 patterns
KOW ready — Jur.e ctyles Standard Patterns
s!I the newest A*Eigr.z for summer goods. J
TV. 1SVAXS, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
AT leE3 than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoat:
en-I trousers tit CHARLES LYONS', Londoi
tailor. 721 Market et.
JIOX2TY loaned at low interest; sold, silver
dtsrrcnds, pearls? and precious stones bough
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 6t.
WHITE enamel tron beds, single, three-quarte:
or double. $2 £5. EASTERN OUTFITTIXC
CO.. 1S10-1S12 Stockton et.. near Broadway
A — If your hair if falling: er you are bald, call oi
Pr.G.S.SIoore,33g O f Farreli ;send for circular
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed wit!
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hal
rnd moles destroyed. Mre.H.Eaton.427 gutter
fire. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles deetroye*
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan: tel. West 258
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 SO; dress pants. $2 60
Mlsf.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat
rlcal costuaaer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders
Electric & electric-ligrht baths, massage, hot a!
treatment for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary.r.27
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed b-
electric needie.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gra;
hair to Its natural color: 51; at all druggists'
OXE MIXUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURI
Instantly; 10c and 2Sc. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs
country orders. GOLDSTEIX &.CO-, 733 Mkt
ER. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, th
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
FAX.MISTRY.
MME. G. L. XEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 7£K
Post 6t.. corner of Jones ; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 51!
Taylor Bl. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561
PHYSICIAN'S AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured
no operation; no detention from business;- al
private diseases treated successfully; consul
tatlon free. Dr6. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk
r>R. H. McGREGOR WILLSON has rereove<
his office from 1122 Market to 0206 Marke
St.. corner Golden Gate ave. -^
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence,
102m Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTA^TE-^ITY~Fy RESALE.
Ac^AL ESTATE FOR SALE ~*~
*r BY C. S. CAPP & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
C30 Market Street. -
Pierce and California — Double corner, 60x120,
with six neat modern Bouses; well rented.
Alpine, near 14th — Lot 25x100; fine view.
Jones, near Jackson — Large lot and 7-roons
hcuse: very cheap.
California et., near Walnut — Cars pass; twe
houses. 6 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 43 feet of frontage.
Geary tt., opposite Hamilton square — House,
2 Ft cries. 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x82:6.
Eureka St.. between 17th and ISth — Lot 50x
120. with one-story cottage. 7 rooms and bath
snd stable; $4000.
Eureka £t.. between 17th and 18th — 3. flats. 7
end 8 rooms and bath end 4 rooms and bath-
fOOOO. v
O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness — Lot
27:?xl20 to rear street, with -4 houses; well
rented.
Arlington, between Natick and Roanoke — Lot
43xM to 50 feet; only $400.
Golden Gate ave.. between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house. ,30 rooms and bath.
McAllister Ft., between Pierce and Scott —
Fin* lot, £5x137:6.
Several cheap cottages «t the Mission, aeai
Castro st.; ea«y terms if desired.
Sar.cb??. between 10th and 17th— Lot 25x100
Turk, -between Buchanan and "Webster — Lot
S}xl20, with six houses and flats; all rented.
Fcleom. bet. 3d and 4th — Large lot: old Im-
provements; rents flOO; suitable for a hotel or
f b ciory.
Fine rer idrnce in Oakland, overlooking: Lake
Me rritt— Magnificent view and large lot; for
*alr or trade for city property
Tr.-o lots in Ho'.laday May A cheap.
Sanchez, bet. 14th and 15th — 23 or 5<>xl00".
Cheap lots in Bernal Homestead; $10 per
front foot: near Mission road.
Golden Gate ave. bet. Baker and Lyon — Cot-
tage. 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6.
•nOFAN VIEW" is booming: finest car service
in the world: every 10 minute*.
You will never secure a suburban hom<« in
s-:ght of "Old Ocean" as rhf-ap as now. Cot-
tap-ff> and building lr>ts »t a bargain.
1HISTLETOX. Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
A FIXE rooming house: nets $300 per mo.:
rent f.O; price $4500; easy terms. WELLS
k & SAVXDERS. G30 Market St.
i'PI.EXDID hot*! and bar: rent $75; income
Jl *250; price $2500; ea»y terms. WELLS &
_FAUXDER£. «30 Market et. ¦ ¦ .
FIXK residence o? ten rooms, furnished, and
•¦table, at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D Apply to
fHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery st. or
ALEX. BOUICK. San Anselmo.
BARGAIN — Xew 5-room house, all modern im-
provements; hteh finished basement: on car
Tine; small amount cai=h. balance like rent.
Owner on premises. Chenery & Fairmounl.
5»X»o — CHEAPEST corner south of Park, 37 :«
xlOO. or will subdivide: owner going away;
your own terms; no interest on pastnent*'
Call at 11 41 Polk st.. cor. Sutter. 10 to a!
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro tt, at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all tunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises.
BARGAIX — 2 new modern flats, near Panhan-
dle; rents for $C": $CSOO; half cash. Addresa
bcx 1753. Call office.
$050 — SAN JOSE; cottage, 5 rooms; bam;
must I* sold for half its value. J, RUEEL
]20ft Eagle ave.. Alameda.
REAL ESTATE— -COtyTRY— -For Sale
f j 0,000— THE prettiesTcrchard 1 home' in Santa
Clara Co.; good enough for "Harrlman"- ele-
gant buildings; on electric car line- easy
terms. ¦ .
J&00 — Splendid chicken ranch, near Peta-
luma. of 10 acres; easy terms.
*2j00 — Elf>*rant orchard and c-hicken- ranch -
splendid building-?: income $lS00 per annum
WELLS, SACNDERS & CO.. «30 Market st!
BEAUTIFUL suburban bome about 15 acres,
San I/eandro road. Elmhurst; electric cars
!*»« iToperty; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of fine&t
eemi-troplcal and deciduoue fruits on place
D. MORIARTT. owner. Etmhurst.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO——
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
S^n Francisco is growing . rapidly; location
bctt lor pcuitry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for
pairphleta and Information.
AKIll S. ranches, city and suburban rropert/
Tor gal« and exchange; unimproved lands in,
larjre and small tracts in Alameda. San Joa-
<iuln acil other counties. Write for our prlnt-
»d lift. HEALY & CARR. 713 Market, r. 40<{.
HOUSE end lot. stable, chicken houses, frnft
treeK. ptc. Full particulars S. STRYKER,
San Lorenzo ave. and Easterbrook st..
F.an Leandro, Cal.
fcanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
REAL, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR koIp or.exchanee for city property flrst-
clars IV-acre. fuJl-beariEc prune ranch; 40
miles from city; hen land Jn Llvermore Val-
ley: ro agents. Address Owner, box 1750.
Call offico. '^
CITY OF RICH MOXD.
OFFI m'!L A J" niaJ^. 1 f tn «~^Clty~~~o7~Rlchmond
?i^ i"-'* 1 ™ 01 ** I-and Co. fine), room
l>-2. Crocker huiMlng. San Francisco.
\otices7~
OFFICE cl the Contia Costa~Water Co room
10. second floor. Mills building. San'*Fran-
< isco. May 6. J902.— DU-idend Xo. 200 of *"c
|-<-r share <.n the capital stock of the Contra. !
«'o£ta Water Co. will be payable at the office
of eald company, room IB. second floor Mills
building, on May 15, 1002. Transfer books
? 111 clot>e on May J». 1902, at 3 p, m wu "-°
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Coa.-^A dividend. No. 4L of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
EJ-r^ 8 «¥ the " r ?" ?' tbe company, rooms
2tt:-i-6. Hayward bunding. San Francisco on
May jo. 1002. Transfer bocks close May 3. :
1202. tt coca. J. P.. LEA VELL,. Secretary! '
'ment Cypress Lawn" Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero street*.
WOHLTMANN— In this city. May j 9. 1902,
-Emma, beloved wife of the late Claus Wohlt-
mann, j and mother, of Mrs. J. Bailey and
Martha, Rose, . Annie. Willie, Tillie -and
Freddie Wohltmann. a native of Germany,
aged 32 years 10 months and 4 days.
"Sfiahahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable \ ,
107 POWELL ST.w^ELUS gSffSOStf
SHIBELEY, THE FLORIST.
: HOTHOUSE ROSES. FRESH.
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER POZ.
SWEET- PEAS. 10c PER BUNCH.
311 SUTTER ST.
. ¦"-' Phone Grant 107.
REAL. ESTATE--CITY— -FOR SALE.
i SAN MATEO— ~ ~*~ ?'¦'¦'' "'"- ~~T~?~"!
1 SAN MATEO!
s 6AN MATEO.. | ¦¦;,¦.-;•
fc* AX MATEO.
SAN MATJSO.
f ¦ SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
t SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
iPffl SATURDAY. MAT 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
r SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY : 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY IQTil.
„ —EXCURSION—
Wcouts— Round Trip— 60 cents.
~. 'BC'udlnjc lunch at Hotel Mateo.
» m-Zf^ s , J£ ave a " hlrd and Townsend at 9.
: :;f ¦•.- i M , *• m -» returning from San Mateo
m» Ve^ h ? tln)e "f your
life. Take a day off. • j
free alter you ' >
£? fc K an Mateo - Conveyances to '
h™L ab ? ut and =ee the pretty
• : fiff^f Lunch will be served under
; s*t£*&£ sstSr™** Kroua<l5
: i ¦ . .^ ¦ .
AUCTION SALE
• 1 - AUCTION SALE
i l AUCTION SALE -
j AUCTION SALE
l:3u p. n». . .
l:30.i). m.
l :30 x>. m. • ¦ •
1:30 v. m.
0i BEAUTIFUL LOTS .'
— in — ... . - h-
San Mateo ¦ Park. ¦ "
The new addition
to the prosperous
and progressive city'
—of— " :
San Mateo.
Only 10 minutes' walk
from the depot.
Surrounded by beautiful
homes. Juat subdivided
Into villa lots — one acre each
A portion of the
celebrated Clark Tract. ¦ —
la the ownership of. ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦ '• .. ¦
one family since ' A
1S5S. . ;T-
An ideal place for i .
a home or to make ¦ ¦ .. . •
money in.
Don't fall to
attend this sale.'
Buy a lot.
joaly one-thlrd cash. i
Further particulars of
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery street.
HOUSE and two lots; 4 rooms, basement; near
electric cars. Address box 949. . Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJIEDA REAL ESTATE.
15 FURNISHED houses. $30 to $176. for 3 to
6 months. *
Lots on Pearl st.. 50x200. $800.
Lots on San Jose ave.. 50x140. $1000.
Lots on Park eL. 60x130, $1000.
Lots on Railroad ave.; 50x150, $900.
Lots on Chestnut St.. 50x108, $600.
E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO rent — Furnished cottage for summer
months. 1101 - Park ave. ¦
ALAMEDA ROOMS. .
$S— ELECTRIC light east frontT bay- window*.
porc'n bath: select. Box 4273. Call. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath in the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid view; larxe lot: an Ideal ulace for
a poet; only $3200. JOS. J. MASOX, Real
Estate. Berkeley SUtloo, ' r . •
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine!
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICE sale — $5000 modern 8-room house-
Frultvale; light; sunny; splendid view; $3oOO :
owner leaving. Apply 900 Broadway, rm. 23.
FOU sale — S acres. Rose ave. and High st.
Frultvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
| ; _
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
| FOR sale or rent — Furnished house of 11 rooms,
bath, laundry; ornamental grounds 70x125*
central location; near schools and cars. Ad-
drees box 4274, Call office. Oakland.
| E. E. BL'KCE. 852 Broadway — 12 small farms
for sale; investigate; quick for bargains. E
: E. BUN'CE. 952 Broadway. Oakland. *
FURNITURE good and cheap twTlnonth7~l£
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
?^t ROOMS JOR HOUSEKEEPIXC.
ARIEL and sclar flats, 525-531 Turk— Hot and
coM water baths, electric lights free; fur-
niahed or unfur. ; tel. East 312, Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to $20.
BUSH. 1001. ¦ cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
turn, and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water; baths; electric lights; first-class.
EDDY. 11&— Sunny 2 rooms for man and wife;
light housekeeping; cheap; gas; running wa-
EDDY. 724 (middle fiat)— Fine front ro*,m.
newly and well furnished; sun all day hot I
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, a.l complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping; 3 Sl«>-
. o. $20;'2 beds; also bath: single. $4 u'p. .
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay — $11; 3 large
- sunny unfurnished rooms; nice , yard and
HOWARD. I0C3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished rooms; ranje; running water; ?9. j
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front parlor suite with t
kitchen; also a large room; gas stove and
other suites. ,
JACKSON, 920. near Mason — Furnished large
sunny front housekeeping room; $10 month.
LARKIN. 819%— Large furr!«hed room light
housekwplng; gas stove; $12 month.
MCALLISTER, 538— Nicely furnished suite-
running water; gas range;, bath; laundry-
phone; $17.
MINNA, 281. cor. 4th — Furnished sunny house-
keeping; complete; cheap.
OAK, 117 — Extra fin* sunny suite. $16; suite
$S; single. $5. $7; all complete for housek'pg!
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Large gunny room
and kitchey; gas stove; gink; bedrijom; $7.
THIRTEENTH. 181). cor. Howard— Fine suite
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping;
gas; rent $15. .. . , . .
TURK. 543— Sunny bedroom and kitchen, com-
- plete for housekeeping; gas, bath, use of
laundry: $14. < -. :
VALENCIA^ 1232—2 nicely furnished rooms
lor housekeeping; gas, stove, bath; .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions .
received at Call branch office, 2200 Filbnore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nibscriptlons fcas been established at 1000
Valencia st. .• .
aOOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and tnfnrn.
1RGYLE Hotel 234 McAllister— New! elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached. .
V— BRUNSWICK- House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.' .,-.
V.T Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed ;
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 50 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
\.— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny, nns.; single, double; mod., conven'ecs.
I— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Mfller. .
lLL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton. ¦
1URXETIY W2« Market . (old No. 1364>— Fur-
nlshed rms., eultes, single; also unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. anOftinra.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason-^Elegantly
¦¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices- reasonable.
EARl House. 310 . Stockton . st.— Changpd
Hands r elegantly furnished sunny suites; also'
single; day, week, month; phone Brown 161:
ELLIS.' 321; (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms. 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $0 week; open all night.
FOLSOM, 834— Single sunny rooms to let;
• cneap. '. *•¦ . ,
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ea suitm and single ; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 758— Large sunny room;
running water; bath: phone; reasonable.
JESSIE. 303 near Fifth and Market— Furnlsh-
ed roorna, g-t per month and ttp. -
MASON, 210— Elegantly furnished rooms;
suites and single. » . ..•• ., .
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished : rooms and
¦ olfices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
3 AR < GE .? u ?, ny , rooms: flne P° rcl » and large
y ard ; suitable for email family. Apply at
R O YAL House. 120 EUls— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms; per night. 35c to$l 50; weekT $2
to ?S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on gTound
¦ floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVEJTTH. 171. corner Natoma— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day week
or month. • . ¦ ¦ ... '
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st
: near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished!
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1090 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE Co-operators— Nos. 2 and 3, at «>*5 Folsom
¦ st. and 4 and 5 Vernon Place, are to be re-
furnished next week. ! These are riomes for
self-respecting, self-supporting girls -with
small salaries; 'terms 52 50 and $3 per week
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS. 045
Folsoia st. ; phone Red 6123. Miss/ Flora Bol-
linger, manager. * •
AT 1*500 McAllister st.. northwest corner of De-
visadero— Large, handsome sunny suites and
single rooms: all newly furnished; appoint-
ments and table strictly first class; billiards,
phone.; every comfort/ and convenience. ., •¦
CORBIN, The, 830 Sutter St.. corner Leaven-
, worth — Nicely furnished rogms; sjrucle and
suits; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE. C26 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
. suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 ' Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or. single; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished Eunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLEC'nv
CO.. 410 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 55S0.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bcught. sold, rented, exchanged • re-
rairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.' 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.* repairing-
lowest rates; phone Howard t2ft4. 145 Sixth.'
AVAREHOUSES. ?
PIERCE-RODOLPH"stoTa^e^MoTln^"co~^ofI
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made S40
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 341. F. W. Zehf uss.
B^V^? < Vi \ n c. a n n(1 Sto~ ra ee Co.. 630 Market st;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and~Furniture Movlng~Co^
Ijgny. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
J^theos^ph^al^Titerature! ~
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path* (monthTvT
The New Century (weekly); write for" sample
T C h a eSS S O 0 f c.e L ; n y| VCrSal
'_ '- - TO LEASE.
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn; romanticallv' nltn
ated Jn Mill Valley; 50 minute" rid J from
San Francisco; completely furnished; in good
condition: 40 rooms: steam and hot water
£i! l «tV>r! le T lc ll<rht * : he »ters throughout:
• RrBifr Cl^ re « 1OW - Anply MADISON
£n-?« E / t?°. M °ntKOmery st.. or ROB-
ERTS. Real Estate Aggnt. Mill Valley. Cal.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BTRGAlNS~7^TYPE^mT"ERS^We
sell' better machines for les* money than any
house In the city; rentals ?3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
'typewriter doctors ;estimate free. 209 Sansorne.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4e folio: copies. 2c- mim-
eographlt.g. 927 Marfct. rm. 30S; Howard IM».
PROPOSALS.
UNlVERSnr"7?7?aTtfo?^^
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men-
Notice is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an a.Ml-
l°?,^° the Bacon Art Gall-ry and Llbrarv
Butlding on the grounds of the University
''' Cal( ? r^ " Bcrkele y. Alameda Count/
end said b!d« or proposals will be recel\ed
at the office of the secretary of the Board
of Regentr room 18. South Hall. Berkeley
Cal.. at or before 2 o'clock r. m. of th. nth
of "May 1002. And notice £ hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of inf,^
tulldtng have been made and aclo£teS
• r« placed In the above-named otf&l where
the same may be seen and examined durln-
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until the said l"th *av
of May. 1902 No bids or proposals W «I1 be
considered unless the ;im< ar« accomnan'^
by a certified check or a bond of °"d cro"
poser equal to t*n (10) per cent of his Ero
l>osal, with sufrtcient sureties condi?i«. r £
that. Jf said bid or proposal shaV be accemed
U» party proposing will duly enter into =
proper contract to faithfully perform the dutv
ami obligations !n accordance with said pro*
iw«, aadplaas and speclflcatlons which
thai! be and are hereby required to be a nart
of such contract. Th*. right to roiectarf v P ?
all bids is hereby reserved. any and
• • This notice is given pursuant tn
entitled. "An act to amend an .act eSStw C
•Ap act to create and orgam ze th5 Un,"e%
of California.' approved March 2T. ises l\H
an act pmendatory of section 25 thereof VI
proved March 2S. 1872. relnln- to th - p '
Ktructiori of buildings. ••• -apwSSeJ 9^^?.-
A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary: W "
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army tran^
port Rosecrans. Office of General SuperiS:
undent Army Transport Service. 30 New
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal Mav
3 1002—Sealed proposals, in tripUctte for
the purchase of the Army tran '»
Rosecrana will be received in this office unnf
12 m^ June 0. 1302, and then open^ L %%™ •
to bt delivered to successful bidder at S« n
Francisco, Cal. The Government rtservta
the right to reject any or all proposals e«
velopes containing proposals should be In
dorsed "Proposals for Purchase of 'Army
transport Rostcrans," and address<»fl irT *u
General Superintendent. Amy Ta °?«
Service. San Francisco. Cal Partlo.^^F
to Bonds required, and Information as^tho
caucn"" ° { VC£SeI> CtC - SH " ap P"*
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
•Jt h erda O y n : OWinJ: marrlaKe "censes ' were issued
Matt N. Naykki.-SS, Kocklfn, and Anna. W
rossavainen. SB, JSXJ Clay street! w "
8 r2T H -RoV C k h S n nd. 31 I» rtty ' i^
vyet' S 26, S city. CarStenS> " J> ' CUy> an «l Mary
Sve'nd Staneeland, ¦ 27, 34 Prosnect »™,,.
BIRTHS— MARBIAGES—JEATHS""
Birth .mar.riaise and death notices sent by
laU will not be inserted. They must be han£?Arf
n at either of the publication oMc£ iaK
ndorsed with the name and residence of Der" '
ons authorized to have the same published/
BORN.
' Y ?£~ I £-°T akIand ' May 8> 10 °2- to the wife
of H. W. Lyon. a. son. ' . " e .
DIED. ~~
Alcayaga, Clpriana. McConologue Chas
Andrasay, Edwin McDonnell, Mrs l"
Brewer. Ae:nes . McGoldrick. Mai-y '
Brown. Jean H. McKittrlck. ' Ann ¦ ¦ - '¦ I
CamDbell, Mary F. . Mahoney Mlra s
Cayler, Albert Mllligan. t3rove Li - I
Delehenty, Annie Petefson. Irma. H
Finjayson. James • Reighley, Katie •- "-'"-i
Graner. Charles M. . Rettauliata, Pas- v
Hagerman, John : .auina, -'.?'•', ¦--
Jenkins; Edward -T. ; Tuly, Mrs. Margaret
Kelly, Plioebe A. L. Van Dame, Eliza-
Kennedy, Andrew K. beth
Klumpp, Mrs. P. : . Wohltmann. Emma'.:
Luders, Emma
LCATAGA — In this city. May 7.. 1902, at her
residence, - 140A Fell street, Cicriana ¦ G..
widow of the late Jose Alcayaga, and mothei 1
of Mrs. M. Bates, Mrs. V. Ruiz and Alfred : |
and [ Tacundo Alcayasa, a '. native of Casa
Blanco, Chile/ aged U7 .years .7 ; months and
• 21 days..- .-.' \ ¦'. vj t ;• V . ', - , . it-
K~? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a ¦ requiem mass ¦ for
the repose of her soul to-day (Saturday), -at
10:30 o'clock.- at St. ' Mary's Cathedral. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.". . •
ANDRASSY — In* the City 'and County Hospi-
tal, May 9. 1902, Edwin Andrassy, a" native
of Austria, aged 41 -.years.'. • .
BREWER— In this city,. May 8, .1902, at her
residence, 529 Chenery street, :Agnes, beloveU
wife of Peter H. Brewer, daughter of Mals-
¦ ¦'¦Chi and Ellen . Gorman, and sister' of Ben-
. jamin, Thomas, WiUlam-and James Gorman
. and Mrs. Rose McCreedy, a " native of San
Francisco, aged 24 years 1 month and 17
days. ... ' ¦¦ . . ¦
BROWN— In this city. May 8. 1902, Jean
Hamilton, beloved wife of 'David A; Brown,
and mother of Hattie L., F. May, F. Alice
and Will D. Brown and Mrs. W. F. Craig
of Los Angeles, 5 a native of Rochester, N.
Y., aged t>5 y«ars. ... ' ' ¦
C?" Friends and . acquaintances are. respeci-
¦ fully invited to attend '.- the funeral ' services
Saturday, May 10, 19Q2, at 10:30 o'clock, at
the residence. 1322 Grove street. Interment
. private. : Please omit. flowers. > , ¦•• •
CAMPBELL— In this city, May 0, 1902, Mary
F.,- beloved, wife of the late James Campbell,
and aunt of. Mrs. .G. Skelly and Harry and
. Bert McCarthy,' a native of Ireland, aged . 02
' years. - '¦/. -
(EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend- the funeral Monday,
May 12, at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Chattanooga ; street, thence to St.
Jame3 Church, , corner pf Twenty-third ar.4
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
.high mass will • be ¦ celebrated for the repose
: of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.- .;'•¦¦ -- m
CAYLER— In this city. May 9. 1902, Albert
Cayler, a native of Iowa, aped -50 years »
months and ID days. ./
DELEHENTY— In this city, May 7, 1902, An-
'\ nie, beloved wife of Thomas H. » Delehenty,
and mother of Nettie and ¦ Charley Meyer, a
' native of New York, a*red ui) years. -.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are - respect-
, fully invited to . attend the funeral to-day
at 10:30 o'clock, from har late residSnce, 17
Guy place. > Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINLAYSON—In" San Rafael, May 9, 1902,
James Finlayson, a native' of ¦ Canada, ' aged
«5 yeai*. . ¦ • , .:
GRANER— In Oakland, May 8, 1902, Charles
M. Graner, beloved father of Mrs. Jamts
Treadwell. Mrs. John Treadwell, Mrs. Fred
.'Boeckman, Mrs.-Gus Hink and Charles ai>d
Adoluh- Graner, a native of Germany, aged
77 years 1. month and 22 days..- A member
of Geschellschaft Teutonla. .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral- services
.-to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. James Treadwell, corner of
Broadway and Clifton streets, Oakland. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
riages. ¦-¦¦:¦¦
HAGERMAN— In this? city, May 8, 1902, John
Hagerman, a native of Sweden, ¦ aged I (33
years. ¦ ..'•*-
JENKINS— -In this city. May 8, 1902. Edward
T. Jenkins, a native of Wales, aged 71 years.
KELLY— In this city. May 9, 1902, Phoebe
Anna Louisa Kelly, beloved wife at John A.
Kelly, and mother of the late John A. Kelly,
¦ a native of Canada, aged 00 years 11 months
and 24 days. ..
C?"Friends and acquaintances are.respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
. lors ot Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1U00
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth, thence to the Church of St. Charles
Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shotwell streats,
for services, commencing at l:."Ju o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crt84 Cemetery, by carriage.
KENNEDY— In this city, May 7, 1902, An-
drew K., beloved" husband of May Kennedy,
and father of Pearl Beatrice and Gladys
Kt^inedy, a native or Scotland, aged 37 yeans
10>nonths and *0 days.' •' •* "
(?TFrienda and acquaintaaces are* respect-
fully invitees to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temcle. 2tit!S Mission street, between
- Twenty-s«ctjnd and Twenty-third, under ! the
auspices of Mission Lodje No. 1G0, . F. and
' A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KLUMPP — In Fruitvale, at 120b' Frultvale
avenue, May 9, 1002, Mrs. Pauline Klumpp,
widow of William Klumpp, and mother of
'Hermann. Otto. William, Rudoloh. Arthur
and Kmit Klumpp and Mis. Dr. H. E. Muel-
ler, a- native lot Germany, aged 72 years 0
months and' 11 days;. -. ¦-••_' - .
LUDERS— In' this city, May 9. 1902, Emma
. Luders, beloved wife of Otto Luders, .and
mother, of Rudoluh Ludern. a native of
Rostock, Mscklenberg-Schwerin, Germany,
' aged til years 7 montrs and 27 days.
McCONOLOGUE— In this city, May 7, 1902,
Charles 'McConolosue, a native of Ireland. .
ICFrlend? and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral service
Saturday, May 10, 1902, at 2:30 o'clocl
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgoni
ery avenue, thence to Third and Townsen
streets to the 3:30 o'clock train. Intermen
. Holy Cress. Cemetery.
McDONNELL — In this city. May S, 1902, Mr»
'Louisa McDonnell, a native of New York
aged S4 years 2 months and 22 days.
.. %3Tb riends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend ' the funeral to-da
.(Saturday), at 2^o' clock, from her late resi
dence, l^TJ Jackson 'street." Interment pri
vate.
McGOLDRICK— In this city. May 8, 190-
' Mary, beloved husband of Patrick . McGold
rick, and mother of Saran. Thomas, Joh
and William McGoldrick, a native of Count
Sligo. Ireland, aged . 6<J. years.
' C7Friend3 and. acquaintances tire respect
fully Invited to attenU.''Uje funeral Saturday
May 10, 1U02, at 8:30 o' clocks from her lat
residence, 3950 Twenty-third street, tbenc
to St. Jamu Church, corner Guerrero am
Twenty-third streets, where a solemn re
qulcm mass will be celebrated for the repos
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Hoi;
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. Please omi
flowers. • ••
McKlTTRICK— In this city. May 9. 1802, Ann
beloved wite of the late Edward McKittrick
and mother of Edward F. and James J. Me
Kittriclc, Mrs. Thomas Fay. Mrs. Willlan
Glass, 1'. H. McKittrick and the late Mrs
B. Kennv and Joseph L. McKittrick. a na
I tlve of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 7U years
(Brooklyn. N. Y., papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, - from the resi-
dence ot her daughter, Mrs. Thomas Fay
510 Shotwelt street, thence to - St. c.'harlt;
, Church for Services at 1 o'clock. Intermen;
i Holy Croaa CemnUry: Kindly omit flowers
MA11ONEY— In this city. May 9, 1002, at/th<
residence of -her brother, D. I. Mah/6ney,
Mira, the daughter of the late Denli ant
Margaret Mahoney. \
' O'Friends and acquaintances are respecf-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
• May 12, at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 1517 Pacific avenue, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of het
•soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. ¦ Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flawers.
MILLIGAN— Irf this v city. May 9, 1002, Grove
L. Milligan, beloved husband of Naney Mil-
li-ran. a native of Pennsylvania, ased 03
¦ y«ars. . " . ¦
lyFrlends aqd' acquaintances. ttre respect-
• \fnlly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from -the funeral
parlors of Jp.mes McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy
street. Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PETERSON— In Oakland. May 9, 1902. Irma
Henrietta, beloved daushtettof Oscar W. and
• • the late Emma Peterson, and granddaughter
of Mrs. I. Peterson and Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Schmiel, a native of Oakland, aged 2 year-'
•» montbs. and 1G days.
REIGHLEY— In this city, May 9, 1902, Katie,
dearly beloved wife of James B. Reighley
; Jr., mother of Lizzie Relghley, daughter of
John and Elizabeth LiDpert, and atster of
.Louis,- Annie, 'Lizzie, and Ernst TJapart a
native of Lamrenheim. ¦ Hessen-Darmstadt
Germany. , aged 23 years 7. months and 3
days. A member of St. Paul's Young Ladies'
Society and Hoffnungs Lodge No. 1, O. d.
! H. S. ' ¦ . . ' . . ¦ ¦«¦ . ¦ -
B^Friends and acquaintances are 'Tespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, . from Druida' Hall
413 Sutter street, where services will be held'
under the auspices of Haffnung's Lod<-e No'
-. 1. O. d. H. S., Swestem, thence to - St
Paul's German Evangelical Church 1410
Howard street, between Tenth and Eleventh.
" for services, commencing at 2 o'clock." Re-
mains at the oarlors of H. F. Suhr & Co
/ 1137 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Laurel. Htll Cemetery.
RETTAGLIATA — In this city. May 9, 190°
Pasqjilna,* dearly beloved wife of Luigi and
mother of Annie, Silvio and Carlo Re'ttag-
Itata, a native of Italy, aged 4S years and 20
days. \-" ; . • -
TULY— In this city. May 9. 1002, . Mrs.. Mar-
garet Tuly, beloved mother of Mrs. J j
Nicholson and Slater M. N Baptist, a native of
V Ireland, ased 81 years. ;
VAN DAME — In this city. May 9, 1902 EMm'
both, beloved wifts of T. B. Van Dame a
' native of Kentucky, aged 35 years: '--
• Ey Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2: o'clock. . from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
HEN R Y J.' C A L L AC HER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st;, . oppottlte .. Lincoln School.
¦ Telephona South SO.";"
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THECITT. , - •'
Office, 9!6 Market Street.
.'•: '-." •• ¦ •¦ -Telephone Bush' 367. ' • .%¦ ¦
• - . . . ¦
KEW FIRM; OF UNDERTAKERS.
"Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for '
•the United Undertakers" Association; M.-J.;
'McBrearty, with the same company for '10
¦years; P. -P. Green, late wlth-J. C. O'Con-
<npr & CO.; havei opened new Funeral ' Par-'
'-. lors at 1 1171', Mission - St.. between - Seventh
- and Eighth. . Telephone South 44. '; .. \
JAMBS McGINN;;;i
with McGinn '. Bros. , ¦ has opened '
.new Funeral .Parlors at 214 Eddy at; bet '
Taylor and Jones. :. Telephone South. 576. ."SOME OF THE SCENES THATMAY BE WITNESSED AT FISCHER'S
THEATER WHEN MANAGER SAM FRIEDLANDER'S PROPOSED
NURSERY IS IN FULL, OPERATION.
. Bekins& Co., shippers of household g"ods. Chi
cago. Los Angeles. San Francisco. 630 Market.' •
Tax' Collector, Smith" made -his settle
ment ; for April - with • the * Auditor ' yester
day,'showing that .the sum of J1.1S9.4S7 21
was collected in taxes during that month
Taxes Collected in April.
A contest for. the custody of. Httle Alice
Bourne is. being waged in Judge Muras
ky's court : with a great deal of bitter
ness on the part: of -the friends of the de
ceased : mother of the little girl. Yester
day-afternoon, the courtroom was crowd
ed with ; witnesses * anxious to give ' their
reasons why the child should be awarded
to Miss Adeline Singly or Mrs. Walter
Harvey, both of .whom have petitioned
for, letters of guardianship over the child,
who is but seven;' months old. Miss
Singly, who is : employed at 119 Larkln
street, asks for, the custody. of the child,
because it was consigned to her care by
the- mother shortly -before her death,
while the claims of Mrs. Harvey are bas
ed on- the fact that she is prepared to
give the little girl a good home. Miss
Singly informed the court yesterday that
she. was about to be married and could
promise the ' child the best of care and
attention. 1 The' matter, was put over un
til Monday.
Two Women Want Child.
The suit of the United States against
John F. Carrere to recover $75 shortage in
his accounts as Indian Agent at Round
Valley, Mendoclno County, was tried be
fore United- States District Judge de Ha
ven .yesterday and taken. under advise
ment. ; .." './.. ¦ -;.: ¦ ..-,vv Z'\, -'.
Indian Agent on Trii
Be sure and see F. P. Sauerwen's noted
Indian, painting at William Morris' art
gallery, 248 Sutter street. Admission free.*
Carpenters' Union No. -£l has adopted a
series of resolutions, in which it Is stated
that at the meeting held last night sixty
five men joined the* union and that >it is
proposed to \ continue the : present agita
tion to have. all. of. the building trades
unions come under the control of the
Building Trades Council until that re
sult is accomplished. The action of the
master/ builders is commended.
The boxmakers last night adopted their
new trade rules. It was reported that
five of the six, manufacturers In the city
had already granted the nine-hour day
without. reduction of wages..-
P. H. McCarthy, president of the Build
ing Trades Council, visited Mayor Schmitz
yesterday with a view to effecting a
settlement- of the troubles existing be
tween Carpenters' Local Union No. 4S3
and the first-named organization. Mc-
Carthy informed the Mayor that the only
way in which the dispute could be ad
justed amicably would be for the car
penters to withdraw from the Labor
Council. A. by-law Of the Trades' Coun
cil prohibits any member from affiliating
himself with the labor unions and undsr
that provision the Carpenters' Union
would have to sever its relations with th«
Labcr Council." The proposition will be
submitted to the Carpenters' Union at Its
next meeting, when action thereon will
be taken.- , ' •¦•—.'% • ¦ • -.- > .
The men are at present earning $2 25 a
day and an increase of 25 cents is de
manded. 'The members of the flnn de
clined last night to say what action, they
will take in the matter, but the men ex
press the' -belief - that the demand will be
granted to-day. The strike was indorsed
by the Tanners* Union at last night's
meeting.
The tian Francisco Labor Council last
night directed the executive board to as
sist the local unions of the United Broth
erhood of Carpenters and Joiners in
every possible way to settle the contro
versy with the Building Trades Council.
The District Council of the Brotherhood
informed 'the Labor Council' that it 'had
appointed W. A. Lee and William Chal
mers as a committee to meet -the execu
tive board and discuss the matter. . No
other action- with reference to the dispute
was taken.
Twenty tanners - in the employ of
Poetsch & Peterson, tanners, at 3112 Army
street, struck for higher wages yesterday.
The men • walked out at noon with the
consent of the agent of the Tanners*
Union. About thirty more men are in
the employ of the firm, and these gave
notice that they would also walk out to
night unless the demands for higher pay
are granted.
Talk over the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zinkand.- */ ;•
Corporation Seeks Accounting.
The San Francisco! Wool Sorting and
Scouring Company commenced an- action
for an accounting yesterday against John
Lee, alleging that he Is 1n the possession
of the books of the corporation and.$6000,
for which he refuses to account.. ¦ ..¦
Men in the Employ of an
Arniy-Str eet Firm Ask
More "Wages.
Rudolph "Wleman of 509 Hyde street
swore to a complaint before Judge Ca
baniss yesterday, charging Newton W.
Stafford with grand larceny. Wieman.be
longs to Pennsylvania and Stafford to,In
diana. They became acquainted on the
train coming to this city and I Stafford
enlisted Wieman's sympathy by telling: a
hard-luck story. When they arrived Wie
man took Stafford with him to the Mil
ton House, at the corner of Howard and
Third r street. : They slept in the same
room and when Wleman awoke yesterday
morning Stafford had disappeared and so
had $65 from Wieman's pockets.
Loses His Money While Asleep.
John York, 62 "years of age and formerly
a schoolteacher, attempted to,. commit
suicide yesterday at the residence of his
.mother-in-law, 6S3 Ellis street, by. In
haling gas. He procured a piece; of. rub
ber tubing In the bathroom, took it to hi3
room, affixed it to the gas jet, put the
other end in his mouth and then turned
on th& gas.- He ; was discovered soon
afterward and sent to the Central Emer
gency Hospital for treatment.^ He ex
pressed his Intention of making "a second
attempt. York; has resided. in this State
since 1S54 and taught school in -many
places. He has , two sons- residing/: In
Stockton, from which 'place he recently
came for treatment for paralysis.
Old MariT Attempts Suicide.
TANNERS WALK
OUT IN BODY
Slavonian Catholics to Build.
The committee charged with the collec
tion of funds for the Slavonian-Austrian
Catholic Church has secured $6000 and ex
pects to raise much more when the report*
from the. interior are received- A lot will
toe purchased and a building erected at
once. Father Bontempo, S. J., the pastor,
is at present in Los Angeles conducting
a mission, but will return to the city in
time to celebrate mass at 10 o'clock to
morrow morning.
Leaves One Son Ten Dollars.
The will of Isaac A. Goldman, who died
on the 3d Inst., was filed for probate yes
terday. The will is holographic and dis
poses of an estate worth $52,000. He
leaves his estate to his children, share
and; share alike, with the exception of
his son, Samuel Goldman, to whom he
leaves $10, "for reasons best known to
himself." Louis Levy and Louis J. Gold
man are executors of the will.
Henry Payot will deliver an Illustrated
lecture to-night at the Mechanics' Insti
tute. S3 Post street. His subject will be
"In the Shadow of the Pagoda," and
based on fiis observations during a recent
tour of the Orient.
Mechanics' Institute lecture.
Tcy Dot. a Chinese, was treated at the
Central Emergency Hospital yesterday
for a broken Jawbone and several lace
rated wour.ds on the head. He had a
dispute with another Chinese on the bal
cony of the house at .14 Prospect place.
Dot's companion scuffled with him and he
fe!'. over the railing, striking on the side
walk, fifteen feet below.
Thrown From a Balcony.
The Daughters of the California Pioneer
Society have apoointed a committee of
seven to take up the work of preserving
historical landmarks of California. The
members of that committee are: Eliza D.
Keith, historian of tho D. C. P.; Mrs. J.
J. Donnelly, Mrs. M. Degener. Miss T-uey
P. Adams, Miss J. Tillman. Mrs. S. S.
Palmer and Mrs. R. H. Morse.
Historical Landmarks.
¦ Divorces were v granted to EmUy E.
Smith from Harold C. Smith for failure
to provide and Emma r; J. : Brown \ from
Frank E. . Brown * for.' extreme cruelty. ,
Frank Donohue, who Was divorced' from
Mary Donohue ¦ some i time ago; ; was* 1 ad-
Judged guilty of contempt of court yester
day by ; Judge Sloss for - failing to ,• pay
Mrs. Donohue the amount of alimony or
dered by the .court'- He is $60 in arrears.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Hattie McGrew against Harvey . N. «¦ Mc-
Grew for ; failure to provide, Henry Do-'
man . against Annie ;Doman for Infidelity
and -Anna Chrlstensen:- against Christ
Chrlstensen for cruelty. ¦•; . ¦-.¦
Anna'Marie Smith Is suing Charles A.
Smith for divorce: on the ".ground of/de
sertion. She alleges that : he .left ,' her • In
August, 1895. Mrs. Smith commenced > a
suit for $50,000 . damages . • against a her
cousin, -Florence Smith, some time ago; in
which she accused : Florence -of; having
alienated her husband's affections. '
CHARGES DESERTION.
Coleman alleges further that his wife
has saved up $1800 from his wages during
the last three years and : refuses ¦ to = in
form him where the money Is • kept. He
charges also that she sold a home in
Fruitvale he had built out- of his savings
and converted the money to her owji use.
Coleman alleges in his complaint that
for the last three years his wife has
treated him In a cruel manner. He al
leges that during this time he has fre
quently had occasion to remonstrate; with
his wife because when he returned from
his work at 6:30 he found that -she had
prepared his supper early in the day and
put it in the, oven, where It had become
unfit to eat. He alleges that in answer
to his remonstrances she always made
excuses and pleaded Illness. 1 ' He further
alleges that nhe compelled him to get up
at 4:30. a. m. and prepare his own break
fast and that when he, objected; to doing
so she said to him: "Oh, most all the men
In Ocean. View get up and cook their own
breakfast without kicking." • v ' ' . iV
"I had- to do my own washing every
Sunday,", alleges the '¦ shipwright, ','else-
I never would have clean apparel, for my
wife refused to . clean my clothes." ¦
COOKS HIS BREAKFAST.
Charles Coleman, a shipwright em
ployed at the Union Iron Works, has got
tired of getting. un at 4:30 a. m. and cook-
Ing his own breakfast before leaving his
home in Ocean View for his daily toil
and has commenced an action for divorce
against Marie E. Coleman. The couple
were married in September, 1S92, and have
one child. .They reside at 15 Broad street.
Churchill, in his own . behalf, said he
had chastised the child, but never In a
more severe manner than fathers usually
use toward their offspring. The child was
awarded to Mrs. Churqhill. the father
agreeing to contribute $15 a month toward
its support.
The charge that Churchill had cruellv
beaten his daughter was not proven,
though several witnesses testified ! that
they had seen him ,s'ap -the little one.
Mrs. Grant said that' she noticed that the
child shrunk away from the father if
he noticed or SDoke to her.
Mrs. Churchill being recalled said that
this was not the only time her husband
had beaten her. "He strucK me once be
fore," she said, "and I left him and re
mained away a year. He appeared to be
fond of the child and referred to her so
frequently that I thought it would be to
the little one's advantage to return to
him." . . ' . - . •
Mrs. Churchill's testimony was cor
roborated by that of Mrs. Maud Grant
who testified that she dressed Mrs.
Churchill's wounds and bruises the night
her husband beat her. "Her mouth was
badly cut," said Mrs. Grant, who was at
one time a practicing physician, "and her
face and neck were bruised and her limbs
were covered with bruises."
DRESSES HEB, WOTTNDS.
Mrs. Churchill testified yesterday that
on the night of April 4 her husband came
home intoxicated and commenced abusing
her and their little daughter. "We were
in the. billiard-room of the Hotel Beres
ford," said Mrs. • Churchill, "when he
took the child from my arms and slapped
her. He took her to our rooms ana I
followed him. He then turned on me and
struck be on the side of the face and on
the mouth, cutting It dreadfully. I final
ly got the child from him and took her to
the- rooms ox Miss Freeman. When I re
turned to my rooms my husband con
tinued abusing me. I ran into the hall
and he followed me and grabbing me
by the throat attempte. to drag me back.
I resisted and screamed to arouse the
guests of the hotel and he struck me
again, bruising my neck. I continued
screaming and he kicked me about the
limbs. 1 finally dragged myself to the
elevator and he went out and got -some
whisky. He made me give him the
money for the drink."
Marion S. Churchill, who was beaten
by her husband, , Seth \ W. Churchill, at
the Hotel Beresford last April, was grant
ed a divorce yesterday by Judge Seawell.
Mrs. Churchill is the daughter of John
J. Burt, the well-known attorney, and
her husband Js an employe of H. S.
Crocker & Co. They .were' married In
1896 and have one child, Florence, aged
5 years. < ¦ • / •' .
Mrs. Marion Churchill
Secures Divorce Prom
Her Husband. '
There are no new developments In the
appointment of a coadjutor to Archbishop
Riordan and it may be several months
before the assistant will be announced.
The Rev. Father Dempsey while In the
East made a flying visit to relatives In
Georgia. He says that he had "a. most
pleasant trip, but Is delighted to be home
again.
Several days were spent in Chicago by
the Archbishop and Father , Dempsey.
They returned to San Francisco by the
Rock Island and Southern Pacific, as His
Grace wished to make a short visit at
Los Angeles.
While in Washington the Archbishop
spent much time In going over the debt
of the Mexican Government to the Cath
olic churches of the Pacific Coast.
While in New York the Archibshop had
several conferences with the late "Arch
bishop Corrlgan. The deceased was tak
en ill the day that Archibshop Riordan
left New York.
Archbishop Riordan, accompanied by
the Rev. Father Dempsey, returned
to the city yesterday, after a five
weeks' trip to the East. Archbishop* Rior
dan is In splendid health and says that
the trip benefited him greatly.
In consideration of the delivery of the as*
eiETJroentB to A. J. Treat of a fifth part of
-.hose certain legacies mentioned in the peti
tion of the letiUees for partial distribution
filed herein on the Cth day of itfay. 1902, we
erd *aca of us hereby consent that the dis
tribution of the leracitK mentioned In 6aid
petition may be as herein prayed.
lu order that the payment of the lega
cies, consent to the payment of which
was filed yesterday, might not fall upon
one or more of the Sutro family with
greater severity than another, an agree
ment was made with the legatees where
by they were to receive their legacies ac
cording to the following agreement:
A compromise was effected with Mrs.
Claxa-Kluge Sutro several months ago.
her claims being settled for $100,000. Thl3
eum was paid by Mrs. Merritt and
Charles W. Sutro.
The document which ends the litigation
that followed the tiling: of the million
aire's will is as follows:
Upon the petition of Messrs. Bishop and
V."heeSer and Garret W. McEnerney. attorney
for Hose V. Morblo. P. A. Morbio, Kate Xuss-
V,auni and Morrlti Nussbaum. Clara. E. Ene
llsh. William J. English and ndsar K.
Sutro. It i» ordered that the contest after
probate of the will of said Adol&h
butro, r.ececjseG. heretofore filed herein by and
in behalf of said persons, be and the unt it
hereby dismissed, nud the clerk of this court
if hereby ordered to enter judgment of dis
missal of £a.l<S contest herein.
The heirs of the late Adolph Eutro now
stand a fair chance of receiving their leg
acies within a short time. Dismissals of
the contests to the probate of the philan
thropist's vrlll were filed yesterday and
consent to partial distribution was given
by Mrs. Dr. Merritt and Charles W. Su
tro. The papers were filed in Department
» of the Superior Court, and next Mon
day was the date set. for the final hear
ing.
Is Greatly Benefited by
Five Weeks' Trip
to East.
Heirs of , Philanthropist
Consent to Partial
Distribution.
ARCHBISHOP
COMES HOME
SUTRO CONTESTS
ARE DISMISSED
CRUELTY LEADS
TO SEPARATION
The harmony of sweet sounds that only
a -room full of babes can make will .not
reach the audience, as the walls of the
nursery will be deadened. In the event
every woman who attends the show
should bring an offspring, reinforcements
will be called in. Manager Friedlander
and a few of his assistants may -have to
take up the "white man's burden, V as it
is feared the assistants will. strike Jn
event of such a rush in the nursery. The
first rule to be put in force is . to bar
triplets. Friedlander says ho will stand
for twins on ordinary nights, but no
woman with, common-sense' would ask
the management to look after two or even
three pets for the price of one admission.
rirr ANAGER FRIEDLANDER of
f\l\\ Fischer's Theater is planning an
J7\v \1 Innovation that will please the.
A \l IV," mothers of San Francisco. He
intends Installing a nursery in
the playhouse for the benefit of its : pa
trons. The plan has been on his mind for
the last week and yesterday he hatched
it." His K scheme is a practical one, but
has Its good and bad points.'
For instance, mamma' may go to the
theater and check her j darling as she
¦would her umbrella and enjoy the play in
peace and quiet, well knowing that nursey
will feed the little darling on jujube paste
and other delicate baby, foods. ...Then,
again, if papa should drop the check he
receives for baby in a slot machine, be
lieving it to be a nickel, or mamma
sh'ould lose the receipt for the "kid,-'
1 there certainly will be hair-pulling in the
i nursery, i
It is even suggested to Mr. Friedlander
that some - practical joker might gain
access to the nursery and with evil in
tent change the tags on the baby's', bib
and tucker. If this was done, what an
uproar there would be if check 23 called
for a blonde baby with blue eyes and the
number, should be attached to a cross
eyed baby of dark complexion? ; .
Mr. Friedlander has weighed the
Echeme in his mind and he thinks it the
best ever sprung in this community. He
says it will not only be an inducement to
increase the population, but will fill the
coffers of Fischer's show house with
golden shekels. His idea is to have half
a. dozen brass cribs placed in a larsre,'
i well-ventilated room. He intends to
stock the room with rocking-horses,
| swings, dolls, toys and ping-pong so that
j babies may amuse themselves during
mamma's absence. Two or three inter
preters will be on hand to translate the
baby talk to the traineH nurses who will
look after their every want. A near-by
dairy will furnish fresh milk and lady
fingers will be fed to the little ones at
all hours.
Manager Friedlander. Intends Furnishing a Nursery % for Con
venience Patrons of [Fischer's Theater— Twins and
Triplets Wili Be Barred— Pirig Pong to' Amuse Little Ones
MOTH ERS MA Y CHECK BABIES
AND ENJOY THE PERFORMANCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA^ 1902.
14
10c / v CROATS.
To-day for Embroidered Collar Tops. A .All colors, embroidered and hemstitched.
. t . ¦ ¦ .. worth 50c, on sale at " ' . -.-¦>'
regular 25c qualHy.V .. «. ' • . • • : 2SC '''''"'
GOOD MORNING!
TES. SATURDAY". IS OUR DAY. FOR EXTRA BIG SPECIALS. WE'LL BE-
PLEASED TO TAKE YOU THROUGH OUR' DIFFERENT DEPARTMENTS. IF ¦
YOU'LL KINDLY FOLLOW US. -WE'LL SHOW,,YOU A PLEASING ARRAY OF
aooD. values.- . ; ; ¦ \- ...- .
iomethi «{ in Wcmzn's Summer Outing Skirts?- Here Ij a Fire Assortment. " '
95C^ C K^S: -women's Summer Underwear. .-
wash so well and look so well. ;Neatly Iflr for 20c ; <* u aHty WOMEN'S
made with full flare flounce.' So: many a ", V/ SLEEVELESS UNDERVESTS. all
like them for house wear, as well as for . ¦ colors. .' .,: ../ - ..
outln"g- ' ¦ |Qf» for 3uc quality WOMEN'S BAL-
<CI«>J«i for $2.00 BLACK . DUCK or * «f V v BRIGGAN UNDERVESTS. long ¦
tpB»-4«L> NEW LINEN OVERSKIRTS. sleeves.; neatly trimmed, with fancy silk
They are stylish, graceful sktrts, made __ s ii tc . hl . n 5" •« ««' V, - „
M£&?SSSd3 trlmmCd " wUh ta " Or C
*>• ,1-r '• for$2~50 DUCK OVERSKIRTS.' bi^ neck, sleeveless, trimmed with silk
tj>*« • O •• These are something new. embroidery one Inch wide, through which
Come in black. and navy blue, white pol- ' J." .^i 14^?* s11^ rl . bb ° n - They come- In
¦ ka dot. made with double flounces, piped delicate shades of pink and blue. .
In white pique and trimmed with black - Children's VcSIS and PanlS.
w . m • * '¦'¦'¦ ' ¦ ¦ O5p For regruiar 35c and BOcf RIBBED
ZvWonrnS WaiStS. -- ZOC VESTS or PANTS in K ray or
QBJ^ for 3 different styles $1.50 ' ecru; slzes 1S to 34 - ,
J7OC WAISTS. The. allover lace. ones ' . Ribbons.
are pretty— then there's the fine, colored ¦.-,;,„ TI '" * , - .. o , '
[1 chambray. neatly .hemstitched.; or the A Jl" 1 J It j Un(! of the Season's Exquisite -
; s^^'vl^ 1 : 6 P^ t1eSt: a " 6-Vnch ;wide Liberty SilW .
Children's Kilt SviU* > l To-day 25c for 6-lnch wide Fancy. Hera-
V»« : y-v w 1. •„..,„ xtttijtv' ¦prni'v stitched Silk Ribbon.' :^"ii?M!»*ts
$1.20 g^^ssssas^ %s^s^s?M^. Taffeu -
collar • Inserted with fine - embroidery. «>DDon. regular we quail tj .
They are very popular this season; jaunty .: . .- , LflCC Collars. .
and stylish • wash eults: just what you n,^-..- rih -» a ... . . _-; ' •
:;¦ warn for Uje.lUtU»; man; this summer
Women S Summer UndersKirtS. . .' ln S touch when worn, with a short Jacket
CCT '** for your pick of any $1.25 LINEN' gn m~> *\f\. f nr " kvw r-R icq t txit^x' • ¦
OOCor CRASH. UNDERSKIRTS, some §1.00 COLLAR^ " trt^Sed"^^'"-
accordeon pleated,- others trimmed with 3 -Polnt-de Venrce Lace ' trlmmed * lth
ruffles. . To-day only. . . •. V. \ ; We have a complete line of. these DAINTY
' • . CorsetSl .; , ; I COLLARS in Arabian lace. Battenberg.
:~We Have Thzm Adapbblr 'o.AII F ffurcs Polnt d ' E8p^' e r tc ;;. at P o .P ular wices. - :
crr|/-»* for ¦ si.ooi: french'- summer . . ' . • ' ' . Veilinjj. • -\ u.\ *¦¦¦>:
OUU- CORSETS in pink, blue or. white, 1^ _ ¦ ¦ •• t_ >«„ ",„ An \ ...
prettily trimmed with fine Torchon Lace, 25C - rmp-^OT^ Or an 4 3 c NBW
¦ through.whlchls run narrow satin baby T '^J? IBF0N and FANCY- NET ,
¦ribbon... ¦_;¦>. i ...:^: :_.'" i. \vEILING.."'.. ..;:_.
C| AA for $1.50 : CORSET in ; any ffl Hosiery. -
¦«I>"«UU make you ask for; air sizes.: i, rtT ".L r <c *" .If' •
This offer; holds good'to-day only., r. , „ • T^?^ l Z~ T 1 ?S 1 ," fo1 ' ' ¥ W ,?MEN'S PLAIN.
.HandKerchiefs.- . .. ¦'" ¦¦>^g> CE °! -? 1 ??™ 35c Quality,
A lot of 6000 Women's ¦ GOOD '• LAWN TO-IiAY'— 12^c for WOMEN'S t FANCY
< ... HANDKERCHIEFS on sale to- : A_'r+ ¦' RIBED TOP, HOSE.. They're the pick
'..day.at.....'....:......' ,"'. V' . ot our. 20c quality.. >;: :^:-
A BELT V^|l&Ri&"^ THE LATEST
7?C^ : 1212-1214 MARKET ST., on sa ie.
v Fpr i the; -N E W , ' Between ' Taylor and Jones. • ' , ci CA i« C*. r\f\:
./S>L TIN RIBBON , - « — ¦ — v •bl.3Uvt0 20.UV.
-'^BELT. ¦¦¦:.¦; OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL ll l O'CLOCK.. '
I£\th AnnSyersaiy
IJPy^,/ Attractions to-day
'¦?/'¦
-We close at six o'clock.' . , ' . "
-But then maybe you know that by this time. / m
A tempting lot of good merchandise « added to the anniversary sale
this morning. It's worth knowing about. Such good goods arc rarely found ,
at sale prices. . -.d-X-} r .' V'
Women's Jackets Special Millinery.
! .". All our odd jackets and ; broken Ready-to-wear Hats and Untr/mmad
lines have been gathered and grouped Straw shapes.
into four lots. The styles are all good „• _,. «.+___ m,,^,,,,. oa <v.;
and varied. Not all sizes in any par- S°™* ; gtraw^ Tarbans^OSer
ticular thing,, but every size as a white polka dot scarfs and quills,
whole. r .*^ Patent Leather Crown Hats for
„_.___ ta . „_ Cnildren— With wide brims of
S4.BO ones at »3.45— Covert, ox- leather. satin finished straw,
ford grays and castors, double breast- trimmed with velvet ribbon band
ed or loose fronts, fitted backs, lined j^^ bow— $1.90.
with good quality satin. Children's Wide BImxned Hats-
S5.OO ones at 83.05-^Vcnetian in In two shapes, white with colored
blacks and castor; others of broad- bands— ?L0O.
cloth, double - breasted, silk lined. Women's Wide Uimmed Hats— In
fancy buttons/ .,-... white, black, navy, brown or cas-
«« T% <BT no ones at H4.95— tor « b 01 ** 1 with black leather,
• EtJn and 7 *d£bl? "breasted* short • trimmed with leather band and
jacket, silk lined, velvet collar; some ' quill— 5L9o.
SaJs/casTors^ 1^ trtamIn *- tans ' $1.50 Untrimined Turbans 59c. !
At »T.50-Covert cloth in castor. Think of that! They're in tusca%
Ss th m l 1?ay fr b?oad t ciSth ta SV t?ght Jraidj, hats that sell usually at $i.^l
fitting, braid and steel buttons. here to-day at 3 QC.
Sateeii Petticoats
Under Regular Prices.
\ —50c, worth up to $1.45. worth up to $2.95.
—75c, worth up id $2.25. —$1.45, worth up ta $4. 75.
Colored and fixed up in : the pretty fancy ways with ruffles and '
pleatings and cords. All have flounces. 'Not a common plain
one 'mongst them. • .
Gose to 2CO yesterday morning.
Close to ioo this morning. ¦:•%'¦: j ,
Wonder if there'll be any left to-night
Miany Gloves $i;oo a pair.
Men's—
l-Clasp Cap« Gloves — One of the newest styles : for; street wear. . Shades
red, oak and Havana— $r.oo pair.
¦oOyS.~~" .'¦ . :• - !j£'Yf"*
I>ent Fac-Simile — i-dasp— colors tan, oak and Havana— $i.co pair.
Women's—
2-Clasp Lambskin Pique—Very stylish and serviceable for shopping and .
outing. A large selection of "staple colors, all sizes— $i.oo..
H. B. Gloves — Imported lambskin, superioV to any in. quality, fit and^
style— all the new. and staple shades— $i.oo pair. • . .
Dent Fac-Simile — i clasp, the latest for shopping . or '. college wear.-
Colors red, oak and Havana — $i.oo pair.
Mocha Pique Gloves— 2-clasp, in black and pastel shades of mode and
gray— $i.oo pair. : V ; :;
IMlSSeS — :
2-Clasp 'Gloves — Imported lamb gloves, excellent for fit and service; all
the staple shades — $i.oo pair.
(Market Street, | /2P j£Bb9^ie*+i Market Street, |
X Opposite Golden I /*$ '~^^'^~~- \-^^^^^ I Opposite Golden I
Gill' 1m )i^^ ¦W^7*n~n rififiPi 1 Gate Avenue. I
lLJ\sll\^A\J VEO ML OLOti y
are more easily, speedily,
unfailingly made with
BAKING POWDER
Royal Baking Powder is the great-,
est of time and labor savers to the
pastrycook. Besides, it economizes
flour, butter and eggs, and, best of
all, makes the food more digestible
The "Royal Baker and Pastry There are cheap baking pow-
Cook M —over 800 practical ¦ ders, made from alum, but'
and valuable, cooking re- their astringent and cauter-
ceipts — free to -every izing qualities add a
patron. Send full address. dangerous element to food.
•OYAL BAKING POWDER.C0., 100 WILLIAM ST, NEW YORK. . > .
ADVERTISEMENTS. | _._„
REMEDIES
The Set, price $1.00, Consisting of CUTICURA
SOAP; to clcaase the skin, CUTICURA OINT-
MENT, to heal the skin, and CUTICURA RE-
SOLVENT PILLS, to cool the Mood, is often suffi-
cient to cure the most torturing, disfiguring skin,
scalp, and blood humours, rashes, itehings, and
irritations, with loss of hair, when all else fails.
MILLIONS USE CUTICURA SOAP
Assisted by Outicura Ointment, for preserving, purifying and beautify-
ing the Kkio, for clf.au?mj; tli« scalp of crust?, scales, and dandruff, and thft
"topping of fallion »«air, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rough,
and sore bands, for b.ibv rashes, itehings, and chafings, in the form of baths
for annoyiuy irritation* and inflammations, or too free or otlenFive pfr-
epiration,*iu thn form of washes for ulcerative w/>aknesses, and for mauy
nanativc, antiseptic purpo*e.« which readily Puggest themselves to women,
especially mothers, and for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
nilTiniini nrrnillCUT DIIIC <ChocoUt« <k»ted) are a new, tasteless,
CUTICUKA KbaULVCnl rlLLO odorless, economical substitute for the cela
brited liquid Crlicrai inovfm m well a* for all other blood purifiers and humour
curesT Each pill is equivalent to one teaspoonful of liquid Resolvent. Put up in screw-
capped pocket riafcs. containing 6« doses, price 25c. Cuticuka Fills are alterative, antl-
septic tonio, and «lipestiv*. and beyond question tb* purest, iweetcn, most successful and
economical Wood and «ki2 purifier*, bumour cures, and tonlc-dipestlres yet compounded.
rt7«cr«A Ruwn «r» . « < tbpM:c!>-nl tV w^rld So*r. lsc_ O«xtmei«t. »0e.. Pills. »«. BritUh Ptpot^ n
sSTcSrttrtSi . L. -.:>.. Fr,n,u n.*«. » R.;» if U P.ix. Perl. Por«» U«DO JJtt> CB«M. Co.r,
SolTVrop... SoctoB '/. S Jk AH .U-uirh^ Skin. >«!» «rd P«lr "^^
KitchenUtensils
V HAYING THIS c
(btstncd in the enamel) zttSafe
We claim Pmity and Safety, and
snbstantiatotliia claim with Chemists'
Certificate.
"Note the blua label used by iis (and
. fally sustained by recent U. S. Circuit •
Cpnrt decision) to distinguish eur t
absolutely pure Apate Nickel-Steel
. .Ware. ; Thi» Ubel 13 pasted on every e
piece of genuine Agate Ware. ?,
.A full assortment of these Roo<fa for sale b v all
Sufets&s^sfssr "*• hoiJse
Bookltt thowins foe-simile cf our Libel, tie.,
Jree ta any addrtu. r
LALANCE & GROSJEAN HFO. CO.
jntw 1 Tome boston Chicago
¦ *
Oriz^l)^
Coff e e
licKest
Flavored
Coffee
Crown \ \
SO 6^ Pound • • ? Phone Btwh S 1O
; ™KONA KOFFEE KOHPANY
6ole Amenta )
'. 145 3tOCktOn St. ncao- Ge*ry3l
Opf : City of purlt Dry Goods Company
I NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND* WASHINGTON STS — RE.'
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day:
$5 to |8 week; $3 to $20 month. Free baUw;
, hot and cold water, every room; flre prates in
; «Mrr room; elevator runs all night.