no_textTHE SUN O A V CALL.
The Season of 1902 to Be a
One in Shirt Waists— The Fash=»
ion Runs to an Attractive, Man
nish Style Particularly Stunning
THE question of shin waists, or
blouses as they arei fashionably
tailed by the smart'Eet. had grown
to be all important for eveiy wo
inan in every station.in life.
yriginally this garment wa» proper only
toy mornirt; wear and lor.'sill manner of
out-door sports. In those ;» v days ready
made waists test about tl 5(J, a;jU u cu=
lojii waist anywhere liorn'iS t'J ¥>* and
to:.ietinie» even tnOre!
Ifcat was the tero^^e^t extravagance.
ICow anything that Is a smait
A.fciSt <.osts a fcuod prici.^i'br :ea.ly all
r'.ir : e,tyie is ;n the i-.i. The;tKEt-ui"essed
women make it a iiu'nt i.o:v>ear the sim
plost materials, rather tiiaifwbat Is called
a really elaborate aaisLH
Jly Lady'Modish fan :rlp.irierrily up to
th<- Whit* House and lindTaif ns-gortment
thiit will lili !>r Heart with^Jo}-. Cer
u:nl> ilii.' waists this year make. all the
past y< .ir.s I'iuhh with shamG..; There ait*
l.oxcs; ;::.d boxes !i!lcil with while one's,
1 >r Uu: hf-a:von <if Vx>2 la 10 be <!!:.: lngtiy
L. Wliitf <;.!.;, U!1<1 COluIS STC ¦ t'J be WOII1
only in the m'-':nbiK.s. for traveling aiid f«r
hp<irth. The wilted p< (!r.-tr|ah v.Id
l<:t,|fd with a v.vid i<d! 01 ;i decided
\Av'i or v,rccv tr;tm)iins down Hie" 'street
Jon ahfud of hitn. iJdicate colors m mei^
reiized pifjucH, KinghamK or lliiena will be
tn.' tw»:i rhSnp for ••ountrV pastimes ur
for fhopi-ing e:.p»dit>.»iis. .Yor a day when
th<' ihernrjnvjif r f':r<<j-.\ cinsldcrsbly, nun'u
v-ilir;;!-, 1 1 i K h nnd hravy Jlnensaro to be
But for afternoon wear the shenest of
the fJK-rr If the only propi-r <aper. They
are uil daintily embroidered or tucked and
nrnamrntfi further with InsertioriH or
mutlfn In VaJencieDnes or cuipure lace.
Cif cburVO thi'^'' \iUi\iXP& Hj-e BXP9hslV«C
bill «h#-y nf nil no exquisitely mud* (hut
I hey run be laundered frequently, .* < >• 1
with care tht-y will e«»>lly latst u long %t^
son. and who wants to wear a waist that
everybody remembers from one year to'
another?
One of the prettiest, and one that would
make every woman feel well satisfied
with herself, is of Bheer white lawn.
There ;s absolutely no fullness from the
shoulders. The band which holds the
buttons has three tiny tucks on either side
of it. The only ornamentation is a zig
zag of black and white floss. The whole
effect looks like 80 many baby roses, and
while the effect is not at all like a wreath,
the idea bobs into one's headend it stays
there, too.
The most popular waist of all ia what Is
called the Gibson. It is very mannish and
on a perfect figure is most attractive. The'
hnen ones are buttoned up the front and
have three board tucks on either side of
the band'. Extending over the shoulder
like a broad tuck Is the Gibson part of^iLi
It narrows from the shoulder until-it'al
.rroyt .tncftg the tucka-in front., The idea'
' lB^^td£jiiye~Tihe broad ¦ effect about the
sb.cgiufojrfi;...» The ciiffs are exactly IlKe
thofceT<^f; r i ! man's" shirt. ' In :. fact;, if iyour.
Lroihor^jjot] into your-newest-and swHl
tst wajist^tia" probably would never know
the: difference. To- taki iiway that look
Vo'me peojile wear ribbon stocks and the
s-ame color about the waist, but the more
up-to-date prefer the linen collar. - • /'
Nine out of ten blout-cs aro made after
the Gibson pattern. The pln!nnt-s-& suits
»ome girls exactly— particularly as to the
"laundry bills', for" there Is not" a sIi!»,'1p tiji k
nor it bit oft lace or embroidery on" tho
great majority of them. For njornlnff
wear Htripf'H are all the go. Black bVtcl
white Kfems to take the load, although
blue, pink and giay are f-omc-whui in »>vj
dence. .
A «ijh»fnntiHl nibwon l>» mada of 11 tianB
psr'cnt blufl und blark, The block runs
In u '/.'.;-:'' uk mid tho blug runu in ¦> uip< <
It Js abpolutcly plain. Thn band is! th©
blue'and theVe 'are six fair sized 'buttons
9i\ jC , : .. -..:..!','... . t .l.;.;r J.. U.'.v— -^i-'»
Another dainty black and white is mad«
of lawn. The dot Is not printed in but
is worked In with Bilk, and the difference
botwoonllie two Is very plain to be Been.
TIiIk walpt |p made nwr« on the. plan that
Home of Inpt year's were. There Br«
five rlijfltet'H of thiVa tuoksi «>nch. Thosi
tiaby links make h very short yoke, and
Blvt* flint fillings that |» bo pretty Jn such
0 garment! Tho uleevea Jiftv« the clusters
To order waists of varying thickness otm
sheerness with perfect nonchalance hf
perfectly heavenly, but the girl who must
dress on a certatn" amount can make r\
»gOod appearance and still keep within her
MmtU,; White la splendid on several ac
counts.: -First. It always launders well,
and then affHln It Is not conspicuous.. If
you are. goln«':to try and make your own
see that they are of linen, lawn or dimity
arl that they, ars "made with the utmost
simplicity; but they^must flt perfectly.
Then ypu-rmay be certain that you are all
fit and^/liiV. . ' ¦¦
THE FINLANDER
AND HIS BATH
ry~ PUIMITIVETsort of Turklan barn 13
f\ IncJuleiid In hy «nm« of |h« FlnUnfl
(Um of Northern Norway, ' iii\ wlnt * r
V. I In this part of the country tt»« ther
' ., Jlmiiimt.r'nvrriigM ifi <\«er*«* t»«l" w
¦ Haftt, arid W.tiai* .buttling , I* IV»t
Brftvtkatil«, ". t'' 1 *' ,
(ftrthBf north, t\*\« «n Initlni-i for t»«diiv
el*anUn«tf« m<\ oidiifiB" ' f > vt*** r \* ."
rtfi-r. th« r«.ll.twln* fHnhloni I # «ulj <\ \
(Jhaillu, who MpridK from v*>TWt\ •*5" rl .
'•ni>»*'d««iftr«<l th- method rhi**.. »«•¦»*
»mwl*t hm* ft hrtthhoiian for rnnimon li"" '
\i N p«rh»ip<» ( fin#in f*»t lon« *»y .twfivo.
wlrt*. It bm*\* no window*, ««« » n 'y
wh«n th« rtrtnr If o|ifn#'1 cin »lf af lignt
«ht»r, In th« mlddid nf th« int«rtor l» «n
ov«nl!ki» struflturn nf bowlders pllw on*
upon th» oth«r<- >' *
; Row* of i«ats «onttruet<4 ..*«J tn«
bf»nohts of tr««< fun »long th* •ia«» ot
•thtwalUiTUtra is M othsr furnishing.
«*fhing dity comes onc§ »'we«k-8atur«
where the sleeve is gathered Ihto a small
cuff. It fits perfectly smooth, so that one
can readily, •eett'*is:onry;Tn«de,for a gl.i
r jvho|jcan boast* a 'good ~*>v *_
. Another,' waist pornewh»u.oq^the aatne^
style 'Is of grass linen. It Is Ittwrilly',!:
sprinkled with white clovers and is very* 1
cool ' and refreshfiuT/looklns. "* ust the
Kind of a waist that rests the eyo and
soothes the nerves.^
For cool days French flannel waists will
ba worn. ' "*^ ~"^*^*'^T v -v,^
The; first thing that, pleases on« v .s to
read^the tag ''guaranteed not to shr nk."
Qf'coursa thia applies only. with a cleans
ingr process. These waists ara made of
dainty .pink and blue stripes and In plain
odor's, A jed ! Olb«on* in .' perfectly plain.
That Is with the' semi-box pleat turning
toward' the/shoulder ; an<1 extanrtlng. n
trlflo ovep tha aleavu. It h«9 » plain "hl't
Hleave gtttherKti into a, two»tneh cuff, tn
Whlehieuff buttenn an to b"» worn,
Anftther bn« li.'m»<lV Of 'blue. It la
itltehtd wtttt M»<:k »Uk f*nd haw-thr^
blflek buttenB, rpiuUr^eftriwUMln,' *>y;th«
wsy.'whlehservit to fuMenJt together. On
t ht left • hand *UU a , gorierou* fmekit ' lit
ptlteh#d on ftrvl It, too,, 1 h«i. th* blnrU
butl«n. ' To s»y th# \*nm, It in very dlf*
fflfiit frrmi sttythttiu •1«» In th# nhepi.'
1 Nun's .v#tttrt« Is •will' wh«n muds up
ov*ir coleri. A'whlt* »«d*lnty wh«« It I*
llri«d with m beautiful nhiid* otfplnh «r
with a (JMpiytilow, OStif rmv.r l-.nU, iti
t«st wh*n lt«trv«i ¦• a linlnf. W»<«ts '
of that description «r* fr«qu«intly
trtmm4d with Frtnch knoti in col*
ortd illki, but Usuftllr in bl*ck.
,,Th«y i ar» always , ntat, but Juut *t
pr»i»nt' ( M«fiwirf«r m wtlU'
small pink rosebud. The combination is
exquisite, and when worn by a pretty bru
nette it certainly should create a verita
. ble sensation.
Loulsine la a new material and a yery'-i
popular one? - It is a shlmmerln^ff ivory,
white textile, much more beautiful -.to" the'
eye than Liberty satin, and jit is lighter
and cooler. Most of the .•'blouses 'made of
this are hand-embroidered *jind to the
. ¦wearer's -fancy.-. The swellcat have bou
quets of^wo"od l ,yiol«jtslirr natural shades,
-in ; pinks-and : butterciip8. A Loulsine heav
ily embroidered \ in Vwhlte clover^with mer
cerized cotton Instead of white ''floss U,a:
pretty combination and a serviceable' one '¦
as weii, $mHr s /!&£$i
A mixtuVVpf pllk /nd linen Js."Very tit,
A Bmnrt .bloiiBe lay^h^ extreme of sim
plicity. material *Itself,^ however, ia
covered .with black stars, 1 'Rnd'}thsr«'Js<a'
wnita'bftrhvlth trslllng rosW that/runs' s
croPswlBeJof tlie gootiB, JTh^ra is^nat, a '
plan of u Kfttijgr exeepUng&tUhe belt ; an4r
In also and they extend nearly to the
"cuffs. The stock that is worn with the
waist Is of white pique and has. a strip
of the lawn with hemstitched ends that,
serve as a tie. The whole effect Is neat
and nobby.
An awfully dear one is made of pink.
It is a regular baby waist. The' yoke is
made of tucks' and Just below them is a
band of white embroidered in the pink.
There are all klnda 0 f whi to b tar3 tha t . run
Itoj'thd'bilt sothatlt looks amass btpjnkji
fcndCwhite. The collar la a mass of tucks
but they are partially covered with a
hemstitched turn-over collar that carries
out that baby effect still further. Tho
•sleeves aro gathered Into an embroidered
¦tltched cuff, fastened snugly at the wrist
by means of tiny buttons, giving that
neat, trim finish only teen In well-made
ohin waists.
Another waist is mnda of th« suma m*>
< trial rtei|p«»fliy frnliroliierfd in garlands
or forgtt-me>noti, with h§ro end there a
2
THE
GIBSON
WAIST
day. Early lirflh* morninsr of that day
wood is brought and a fire started.
Vv'hen.th*} stones brconv hot the fire r.
PUfout, the pla^o .cleaned, a larj^e vessel
¦ ef water and some slender birrh twig.i
brought in and. the preparations .leclare.l
icwriplete. ,. . /
As un dressing-room 13 proviried. toileu
l a .r*>' inin;if "' ant * made in the vari-iu:;
homes. It is " scarcely neeosary to add
that no time tR'!Vis«t in the pvonrcss fr.im
rtftr'home tojth» bathhouse. N>» clothes
iand a tcmn^ratoro of V) degree* below
xero are incentives to haste.
When all of.tfli boys and men are in th»
bathhom-r aljfagtfie door closed, water is
thrown upon thV'hot stones until the place
"fa filTeTfwtth fitiam. Per.piraMon puirs
from the.jswelUrjns.bo.lies, yet more ac
l tW*~*a+T*\iirf~i*Js ii»»ma)i«li*<t .".nd switches
com* into play. Each bather Iay3 on M*
neighbor with a wlil until •.•Enough!" la
cried
Ag:iln water is thrown upon the «fones,
more Hteam raised nn>.l another awtrcnlne
indulged In.
Aa may be imagined, 'he, bodtew ar»
now m red as boiled lobsters a(?|p»fh»
blood t'lrrul.iting actively.
A roll In th« unow omplatts thU novel
bath.Bellboy, at the California Hotel.
• "The General is about 5 feet 10,
weighs 180 pounds and Is about W
years old. He has a round face and
pointed chin, straight nose and blue,
squlnty eyes. His mustache Is sandy In
color and his hair slightly gray. He has
big hands and feet: He wear3 a frock
coat, plain, square-toed, calf shoes, and I
have never noticed whether he weara any
Jewelry. I don't know what nationality
he Is. but his wife's German: very Ger
man." .
¦ .
WILLIAM HALL—
"William H. L. Barnes, for that Is as
far as I can get with his full name, is
about (3 yearg old. according to my
knowledge and belief. I wish to tell the
truth and the whole truth In this thing
"To me he is a most attractive man.
His voice alone charms you; clear .but
not loud, and with a pleasing, sonorous
tone. He Is sympathetic, end he has an
other plearant characteristic— when you
are talking to him he looks you straight
in the eye. He has clear light gray eyes
himself, set in a hlgh^-forehead slightly
broad en the temples. I should call his
face a round, one, and he wears a mus
tache
"General Karnes is a high type of an
American gentleman; the sort of a man
whom, if you passed him in the street,
you would turn to look at twice.
GEORGE R. WELLS, ATTORNEY—
"De Gin'ral sahtainly do favoh me, dat
am de truf," said William Henry.
• , He was off duty and he could take time
for analysis. KpQRR
"He am jes' about my size," he contin
ued In reflection. "A little tallah, mebbe;
say about 6 foot 1; and Jes' about a*
broad as I am." William Henry pointed
proudly to his own chest. "He weighs
220 pounds, as much as dat, sho'a yo"
bohn. HuV > *>BBffV | aJHi
. "Yo'- know him, don't yo'? Sho*. yo'
must know. him. Round face man. wld a
high forehead— high as mine, I swah tu
. yo , honey— high as mine; an' gray hah.
an', a white muss-tache an' gray eyes.
• L>ey am big, bulgy, goc-goo eyes.
. "Old? Dat Gin'ral am gittin' moughty
old dese yeah days, honey. He sahtainly
am as much as -55 yeans old nowadays.
"His. hands? Dey am jest about like
mine." William Henry extended one oa
the white tablecloth and made a sllhou
¦BSaMBHBBmBttanfeanBBWTlHHftaMBBan
-WILLIAM HENRY—
. The Waiter Who Attends. General
Barnes at the' California Hotel.
"His hands are well shaped and -of
medium size. One of them was disabled
"His brown hair Is fast turning, to gray,
though he has as yet escaped . baldness.
He has a round face and a high * fore
head, and 7 think his eyes are light blus.
lie wears, a mustache. , .
"In the first place the General comes
nearer to being n genius on the rostrum
than any speaker I ever heard. His
musical voice is one of hla greatest pow
ers. In years I should think he is about
C5, about (i feet "tall,- and weighing about
200 pounds. . ¦ . •
And. then Horace G. Platt went on ¦ to
speak of General Barnes aa he looks to
him.
"You don't want a history of the Gen
eral, dd you? ( ForJ wouldn't like to tell
the true and entire history of any man
I know. Oh, Just a personal description
of him; well, I guess 1 can give Von
that."
HORACE G. PLATT, ATTORNEY—
""When he speaks he wears a Prince Al
bert," he went on. "For business he weara
a dark sack coat. He usually weara a
derby hat. * Hla jewelry consists of a atick
pin— a pear-shaped pearl surrounded by
diamonds, and a large ring. This ring Is
of diamonds cut In the old-fashioned way,
by hand; and It Is ornamented with fine
lines of black enamel in the old-fashioned
way. It has a very interesting histoy.
which la another story.
"Hla name ia William Henry Longfel
low Barnes and I think he was born In
New York— either New York or New Eng
land.
"Ho Is 5 feet VA Inches tall and he
weighs about 210. He is 65 years old, I
should say at a guess.
¦ "He has a fair, healthy akin and hia
teeth are regular and good— white aa can
be. .
"He carries a cane when he goes off for
a long walk. What kind of a cane? Now,
let me think. I guess he has different
canes. Seems to me he has one with an
ivory top, but I can't be sure. Seems to
me — no, I declare, I can't tell. And I
know him so well. too.
"Is there anything striking about him?
Just one thing— he is strikingly hand
some."
"Call him 59 years old, and I think. you
will strike it about right," says Mr.
Crocker. "To be exact in figures the Gen
eral must be about 6 feet 9%. inches tall,
and I will make a rough guess that his
weight is 204. pounds. He has eyes of
bluish gray, and a fairly good head
of hair of brownish gray. He has
a mustache and he has no ncars or blem
ishes ¦ that I ever saw, and I hope ho
hasn't any, anyway. I should call hid
face a medium . full one. He is alwaya
quietly but well dressed, and I think ho
wears a derby hat. He always. wears a
heavy gold ring.
"A medium sized hand and a quiet,
stately walk are two -other things that
belong to him. He always lets you know
that he. is a good American, so I think
there can be no doubt of his nationality."
S. WESTINGTON—
Clerk of the California Hotel, f
Mr. Westington thought that he didn't
know anything about tho General at first,
in spite of the- fact that he. lives at his
hotel. On second consideration' he came
to several conclusions.
One of them was that, he is as much
as 6 feet tall. "He's a big mnn. ¦
"He is Imposing in appearance, too. He
carries his nead up like a general, sure
enough. 1 guess he weighs as much as
200 pounds, but he carries hla weight -as
light as if it wasn't half that much.
"He has keen eyes, I know, but I can't
tell what color they are. ¦ I- never -got
close enough to him for that. .
"His face is oval in shape and the chin
Is round.. \His hair and mustache are
gray* I think he is u little bald— only a
little. ' '¦:
"It seems to me that his hands -and
feet are kind of large, and', of a good
shape. . v • " . ¦ -
"It's a pretty hard thing to tell the age
of a man like that. He must be under 50
judging from the way he walks and
talks. . But maybe he'll be as easy on
his feet when he Is 75. He's one of' that
kind. , • :
"He usually -wears a black frock - coat
and a derby hat, with no jewelry,- so far
as I know. .>
"American? .Sure, -he's an American.. I
don't know his full name, but, his initials
are W. H. L. And he's an American
sure." BBMalHttBBianMHBHftflfl
and he is slightly bald. His I face is
neither long nor round in contour, but be
tween them both. He wears a mustache
and haa a high forehead. He has- no
scars that I know of. Tho General is al
wnys very well and neatly dressed, andl
havo sometimes met him In the park with
a sweater on. His handa are of- good
size for a man of his physique. On one
of them I havo seen him wear. a ring. He
is a rapid walker, and stands very erect.
His voice is full and of medium d*pth
of tone. By birth he is a New, Yorker. I
regard him as one, of the. best. orators of
the country." , .•
NICK JOHNSON—
Elevator; Boy Crocker Building. ".
Nick Johnson haa carried the General
up and down in the elevator, up to his
onlco and down from It, for two years.
During ' tho time • that . he hangs ; between
Jloors Nick Johnson knows him. •
Apparently the General does not believe
In taking his hat oft in the elevator/ for
Nick does, not know whether he is: bald
or not. He never saw his head uncovered.
"HIk hair's gray. and so's his mustache.
He ¦ don't 1 wear no beard. He's, got a
round face— kind of. a pleasant, open face.
Sometimes it's .red and sometimes. It's
pale. ¦ He's light-complected, anyway.*
"I don't- know' what color^hls eyes are.
but I know they're: pretty keen— they kind
of look through- a: person. ••..';.:
" .'.'He's' got'a big, deep volce.and' some.
times he speaks quick, sometimes slow.
. "He ain't nor tall man— about flve-foot
seven-and-a-half. ' Medium - height; M
should call him;. Guess he weighs about
195 pounds.' : j : '* - . - i -. ..
"1 can ! t tell you what kind of a coat
he wears 1 forv he. always has on his over
coat when I see him. It's a dark over
coat.' . ¦ ¦'¦•¦> ¦ ¦• ;„•
"His walk "Is erect. He has a military
carriage— head up;- like this. ¦
- "I'don't know-if -I; ougMt to have told
you. these- things' about him. You don't
think he'll be mad. do you? Cause I think
the General's " a pretty fine man and - 1
don' t. want; him .'to'be mad at me,- 1 tell
ii. BEDOYA^ :•;.>•
, The General's Bootblack.
v - The bootblack, ¦ lowering and : doubtful,
was not very, sure of anything. about the
"Ho got round face and he got light
eyes. I don't know what color dey are—
if dey are blue or if dey are gray— but I
know dey are light. Yes. Light eye.
"He got white hair. He got hair white
lika da -paper. 'He got white mustache
white mustache— like da paper. He got
white beard .on de chin— white Ilka da
paper. '
"He dress in a lot of different coats— he
wear sometime da shorta coat and some
time da longa coat and sometime da cut
away coat. . ¦
"And he wear da high hat— da ¦ high
stovepipe hat; It shine lika da tin pan,
dat stovepipe hat." ,
CLARA SHORTRIDGE FOLTZ—
Attorney.
"The moat marked thing about General
Barnes Is his walk." It would . be conven
tlonal to say .that he .walks like a king;
but I , Imagine that kings . don't reall»
amount to 'much. It would be truer to
say .that he walks like an American. Do
you- know what that means? As if he
were sure, of: himself. He puts his feet
down. solidly; His walk' used to be very
quick, he ran upstairs like a flash; but
nowadays' it, is growing more deliberate.
- "He ; is; about 6 feet 1 in height and
weighs 190. For so tall a man he is none
too heavy: he has never taken on adipose
as most men do: at his years: ' His age?
He is forty years old. in spirit and that
is air that age means.
"His face is oval., his .forehead; of nor
mal.height. The chin is slightly receding,
not enough, however, to indicate weak
ness. ¦•' i
"His eyes are bluish-gray. . His hair is
dark' brown and tinged with -gray. He
wears a mustache which is also* gray.
He « has - fine ; long • lashes . and clear, ' mod
erately heavy ; brows.'
"He has ¦ rather large feet and hands,
well shaped. The. General is a gtood dress
er. He wears , a derby hat, a ' blank
coati a dark mixed cloth overcoat.
His trousers usually display -a deli
cate stripe . and his vest is in
clined - to " be . artistic. , Aa ¦ to . Jewelry— he
wears a ring, I should say a seal ring; but
his -badges! < He is so : proud i of them. -I
remember seeing him throw back his coat
one day and beneath the lapel was the
most •gorgeous* display, of emblems— all
itiiil* lli||fe|||l^ ¦ B^es-
"He wears rings on his fingers, for I've
seen them shine, and he always is well
dressed. He is fond of gray suttstand a
fcoft hat. Very erect.. ia what you might
Kay of his walk. I have never noticed hla
handx. I don't think of anything else
striking, except that he Ik a good Ameri
can. Oh, I mustn't forget his voice, If
you are going to put this In the paper.
His voice ie very high and"«weet,. and he
is a fine speaker."
"He has a high forehead, as many In
tellectual people have. No wears disfigure
or mark him. aa far as 1 know.
"He must be a six-footer, and 210 pounds
will about catch him for weight. Hia face
la a fine intelligent one, rather long I
should call it, and decorated with a mus
tache. He has gray hair.
POLICE OFFICER J. J. McSHANE—
"Yes, Elr; I will give you any informa
tion that I can. A description of General
Barnes? Well, of courae I know the
general and have heard him do some of
his best epeaking many a time. But I
only know him as General Barnes, and
that is all the full name I can give you.
Oh. he's not so old. I should say C2 or
C5 ycara." So runs Officer McShanc's
opinion.
"His hands are well formed, and his
walk for a heavy snt man is rather state
ly and his carriage Is good. Hla nation
ality ia a thing that 1 know nothing about.
His voice ia a good one to listen to, rather
light in quality."
"Hla age I should take to be about 62
years, and his hair Is only grayish, and
he's not bald yet. A mustache Is becom
ing to a face that is round like his, and
I think his eyes are light In color and
that he has .a high forehead. He ia about
5 feet lo inches in height, and he must
weigh about 200 pounds. Don't you think
so? He has fair skin and no scant.
"I think of the gentleman you speak of
aa General W. H. L. Barnes, for I do
not know hia full name. I always remem
ber him, too, when he cornea in here to
the club, as a striking looking man and
always well dressed. Thatls a good sign
to begin on, you know. The only strike.
Ing thing I could think of in his dresa ia
the Knights Templar charm that he
wears on hla chain.
F. H. CORY—
Secretary Union League Club.
F. B. BERNHARD—
General Barnes' Barber.
"I've been cutting the General's hair for
thirty years. Particular? Well. I should
say he Is. He's a crank about It. He al
ways wears it parted on the side, just
over the left eye. He has a pretty 1 fair
head of hair yet, but It's quite gray, es
pecially over the ears. His mustache ft
white.
"No, I never shave him. He shaves
himself every morning and gives himself
a close shave, too.
"Let me see, his height I should say Is
6 feet, and his weight Is 203 or 210
pounds, and it hasn't changed a bit in
thirty yeara.
"The General ia plain, straight Ameri
can and his name la William Henry
Longfellow/ Barnes. I've known him for
thirty-nve years.
"As to his face— well, I'd say It was
round; with a broad, heavy chin. Ha has
big ears and a straight nose, but I never
noticed .his hands or feet, except that I
know he wears a ring, with a creat of
some kind, on the third finger of hla left
hand.
"He's a good dresser all right. Always
wears a blue suit, close-flttJng, and al
ways buttoned. He Isn't much for flashy
ties, but wears dark ones with a pearl
pin set with diamonds. He wears a turn
over collar and he always looka neat.
"His mouth? Well now. hla mustache
comes down over that pretty well, but
he's got a fine set of teeth that are fast
in his head."
EMMA STJLLIVAN—
. Chambermaid at California Hotel.
Pretty and piquant is the dark-eyed
rlrl that makes beds on the floor of tha
California Hotel where the Barnes' apart
ments are. She Is an observer, too, and
her description of the General ta positive.
"The General fa 6 feet 11, weighs
200 pounds and la past 60. Hla eyes/ are
light, not very large, and he looks fthls
•way (and she scowled prettily to Indicate
an overhanging brow). His hair la quita
gray and getting scares on top. He has
a gray, mustache and good teeth that ara
white, regular and his own. Hia feet
are a beautiful shape and small for a
man of hia size. There la nothing un
usual about hia hands as to size or shape,
but he wears a diamond marquise ring on
the* third finger of his right hand. Ha
throws hla shoulders back and stands
very erect.
"He dresaes like a fashion plate. He
wears a frock coat, pretty ties of modest
color, generally four-in-hand, with a soli
taire pearl pin or sometimes a skull pin.
He always wears a turnover collar mads
on the shirt, and the cuffs are also mails
on the shirt, which is white and always*
spotless. I never saw a man neater in
his dress.
"His name ia W. H. L. Barnes— I think
William Henry. He was born In New
York City."
"Ill* face is round, with a high fore
head, and I never noticed that he wore
any Jewelry. When he speaks It Is slowly
and ftnprcssivcly, and with a deep, beau
tiful voice. If you once heard him speak
in public you would remember it. He
ualks Blowly. I think he Is an Ameri
can."
"We do not *ee very much of General
Damn here these days. I am sure he has
not dined here for pearly a year. .HI*
name is on our books as General W. H. L.
Barnes, and I don't know what the Ini
tials are for. I should think he was about
55 yea ra^ old.
"I eho'uld guess his height to be 5 feet
8 inches, and he must weigh at least
190 pounds. I have never noticed the
color of his eyes. He has white hair and
is rKpr.tly bald. He wears a mustache
end ban no scars that I know of.
J. WALTEB HAY—
Clerk at Bohemian Club.
"Oh, yes; one^Jlttle thing that Is char
acteristic: he moves his head slowly from
side to fide when speaking. That's about
the best I can do in the description line,
I think."
"He is one of those men who. dress so
quietly that they are always well dressed.
His hands or his walk I have never no
ticed. He has a fine voice with the best
of training of a public speaker. He was
born In New York, I believe.
"If my life depended on It, I. could not
tell the color oMils eyes, but I do know
that his hair is gray; that he is not baldi
and that he wears a mustache. I don't
believe that he has any scars. His faco
seems to me on, the square order, and ha
has a forehead of medium height
"Sixty years havo touched him lightly,
I think, and about B feet 10 Inches would
represent his height, while I should Judge
he weighed about 190 pounds.
"General W. H. I* Barnes,", said Mr.
Field, "represent* the older set in the 1
Bohemian Club, as 1 belong to the some
what younger one. So that is perhaps
why I have not seen as much of. him
as I would like to.
CHABLES K. FIELD—
Secretary Bohemian Club.
blemishes that I know of. I should call
his face oval, and his fcrehead is high and
bread. His dress is always neat, and I
think he wears no Jewelry. His voice is
pleaeant, and he has a distinct enuncia
tion and speaks quite deliberately. He is
a full-blooded American. His hands I
have never noticed particularly, nor hia
walk. I think he is a nne-looking man all
around."
"Hi* weight? Call It 200 pounds, and his
height 5 feet 10 inches. His eyes are
gray and his hair dark brown with a mix
ture of gray. He is not bald. He wears a
mustache and he has no scars or f acini
"Yes. I think I can give a pretty fair
description of General Barnes. To begin
with 1 know his initials are W. H. L., but
I don't know what the corresponding
names are. I think his first name is Wil
liam. I may be paying him a poor com
pliment when I say I should think he Is
G> years of age.
W. H. BEATTY—
Chief Justice of Supreme Court.
"tn dress I think he inclines to darl
sack coats and wears very little jewelryi
A chain Is the only thing I remember.
His hands are powerful ones, though noi
large, for his physique. His walk Is a
very free and easy one. Great intelli
pence and a personal magnetism which
at once draws you to him are two of his
most marked characteristics or qualities.
"He is a thorough American, by birth,
instinct and education, and he is proud
Of It"
If I can. From the sole of his feet to the
crown of c his head, where ;. there t Is now
not' as, much -brown"" iTalr as there once
was, I should think was a distance of
about 5 feet 9 Inches. I never noticed
any scars. : --¦. .
"Well, now, I ought to be able to de
rcribe the General. We've been friends
for years— I've known him socially, and
all that. His age? Let mp see— 1363, the
fall ff Richmond— it was on that day that
I was admitted to practice in the Supremo
Court, and he was a member of the ex
amining board. I remember he made a
speech from the balcony of the hotel that
night. I was 22 and he was seven or eight
years older. I should say he's 67. I'va
heard some say he's 70, but I don't be
lieve it.
"He stands 5 feet 9, and weighs 190— I'm
sure I'm close on that. He has a full
fac&— I wouldn't call It round, but full,
with a round chin. As to his nose. X
can't say whether it's . Grecian or Ro
man, but It isn't crooked and it doesn't
turn up. I should say the contour of hla
face is perfect — the General's a, fine-look
ing man.
"His eyes? Not for the life of you could
I tell the color of his or any one's else.
When he speaks before the Judge and
Jury, they are very prominent, but ordin
arily I wouldn't calf them either bulging
or deep-set.
"Now, let me see: as to his hands — what
I've noticed particularly is that he uses
his left hand sometimes when he writes.
He is ambidextrous, and uses either
hand. But sometimes in my court I'va
seen him hold the chalk in his left hand
when writing #n the blackboard, and it
looks awkward.
"Then, too, .he wears a flaming ring— a
diamond or kite-shaped ring. He'a told
me about that ring; it has a history. It
isn't set with diamonds, nor brilliants; I
think it is some kind of metal that looks
like diamonds. He wears it on the third
finger of his left hand.
"Oh, yes, and he wears a button of
some chevalier order that was bestowed
on him by the King of Sweden for some
act of bravery. And on the left lapel of
hfs ccat he wears the button of the Loyal
Legion.
"Now, let me think— how does he wear
his watch? Yes, I'm sure he carries a
watch, and he used to wear the double
chain with his cigar-cutter, on one end.
But for the life of me I can't tell how
he wears it now, whether with fob or
chain.
"The General's hair is pretty gray here"
—tapping his temples with his fingers.
"As for the rest of It, what would you -
call hair when it's sort of pepper-and-salt
color? Iron gray — I guess that's what It
Is, for It was dark before It began to
turn. Now, I'm sure he wears a mus
tache—yes, surely he does, unless he's
cut it off in the last month. It's Ions
and military-like, and he has a habit of
stroking it. I'm so sure about this that
I'm almost afraid I'm wrong."
The Judge grew more interested In the .
description of his friend, and as his In
terest increased his certainty grew less.
"I ought to be able to tell all about
him, but I declare It's hard when you're
pinned down to it. I'm inclined tc» think
his name is William Henry Lawrence,
and I known he is an American.
"The General isn't a dapper man, but
he's not careless in his dress, either. He's
not what you'd call ultra-fashionable —
• not the 'glass of fashion and mold of
form' sort— nor is he ever shabby In
appearance. In court he always wears a
business suit, dark in color^don't think
I ever saw him In a light suit. I'm under
the impression, too, that he wears very
fine shirts. I know when he gets warm,
he opens hia coat and vest, and I've often
noticed his shirts, especially tha tab
with 4 \V. H. L. B.' in large letters. Hla
tlea, I should say, are rather gay than
somber, and I know I've seen a pin In
them sometimes. I would say. to be bold,
that he always wears a four-in-hand tie.
Take it all the way through, he's a nice
dresser without being a fashionable one.
He'a a striking looking man, is the Gen
eral, finely molded and commanding In
appearance— and a fine fellow, too.
JUDGE JOHN HUNT—
Judge of the Superior Court.
So it is in the descriptions b«!cw of one of the best-known men of
San Francisco. Twenty pebple have given a mental portrait of him, and
none of them remember him Exactly as he really is.
Many of them have taken the same landmark, if the word may be
bo used, and the average of opinions concerning this same landmark or
prominent feature is fairly correct. But of the strictly personal features
many descriptions are widely apart. Even those who are nearest to the
man, and who see him daily, show many of them a lack of observation
in small things that is surprising, and others show a degree of observa
tion that is equally so. It is interetting to note that it is not always
the best educated people and those in the higher walks of Ufe who ob
serve the most intelligently and correctly. The personal description of «*
well-known man, such as General Barnes, by twenty- contemporaries from
all walks of life, forms an interesting study for the psychologist.
f=z AN you describe a man's personal appearance and characteristics, so
i( correctly as to give the person looking for this man no difficulty
V^ in recognizing him on sight from your description? Ten chances to
cae you will reply "Yes, I can." But there are also ten chances to one
In favor of your not being equal to the task.
Even a well-known man must be changed .\1 the hands of those
who attempt to describe him. One observes him with the eye guided
by a mind trained to observe even the smallest things" and details of life,
aided by a retentive memory. Another, though he meet him frequently,
xf asked m th* interval between tbes«- meetings to describe even the fea
tures of this well-known man, could not do so correctly;
Many people have what may be called visual memories; they re
member simply what they see; while others have a memory that is large
.y auditory. Yet both of these classes can by continued effort tra'.u
themselves to observe closely, but few people take the trouble to do »o.'
Many can describe nature or the minute parts of mechanism who would
not be able to recall the color of a person's eyes.
la the tragic events whiclt the public has been surfeited with of
late, personal descriptions of men have formed an important part. But
lew of them have tallied the one with the other, except perhaps in on*
or two prominent features.
for a time by an encounter which the
General once had with a highwayman,
but I think he now has full use of it.
"In dress he is always neat, but never
confined to one style. The only jewelry
that I remember he wears is a Knight
Templar's charm.
"He is fond . of walking, . and a good
v.-alker. Always stands erect and walks
flrmly.. His eyes are striking, and alto
gether he is a handsome American.
i ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ — L •
HENRY/ J. CROCKER—
"A : fine' intellectual face, a rich, sono
rous voice, an energetic hand and an' im
pressive.- manner," are some of the finer
points of the make-up of General William
H. :L. Barnes, according : to Henry J.
Crocker; " •:¦ -V i
GEORGE H. PIPPY, ATTORNEY—
"Well," said Mr. Pippy, "I can tell you
one thing about ' General Barnes. If ever
I had the pleasure-again,' as I. did once,
to hear.Chauncey.Depew and the General
speak on the same evening, I, should pick
out the General' as the finest orator of
the two. . He is a. typical American. "
"His name? .Well, I believe his first
name is William; with two initials
lowing, neither of which stand, for any
rame that I know. He comes perilously
near to being 6 feet tall, in my opinion
—say 5 feet 11 inches. Two hundred -and
five pounds would bring down the scales
¦with him. To the man who meets him
casually, his most .impressive character
istic or feature is a most kind and sympa
thetic face, lighted up by eyes of a me
dium blue. , k Above them is hair of gray,
General except his feet. Those he knew
to the ground. ".' . - . . ",
"Not large— no, not large— v*ra nlcea
feet; not large, not small; vera'old-fash
ioned shoe he always wear, kid old-fash
ioned shoe, French kid,, and dey have da
squara toe. ' v v "¦¦-./ v
"He vera particular • about da shoe— ii
dey , ain't black lika he wanta, he senda.
dem back. I black dem for him. eight
year now, ¦ and he senda dem back a lot
of time. ''•'¦'. ¦ . ' '
- "His name is. W. W. Barnes and he Is
an' American.
"He is a shorta > man— he is not more
than fiva feet and eightainch. He is big
around— he weight two hundred pound, as
much as dat, as much as two hundred
pound.' /"
- "He is old man. He is 60 year old.
Sixty year. . Yes. I think , 60 year.
sorts of devices In gold with gay ribbons
attached." .
E.-D. PEIXOTTO—
"It isn't quite fair to try the observa
tion test on me," said Mr. Peixotto, "be
cause I know, the General so well. I have
heard him speak more than any one else.
he. says, and I have traveled with him."
"Then no doubt you can tell the color
of his eyes." >. . . .
Mr. Peixotto reflected. He . reflected
harder. "Well, now, come to think of it,
I am not quite sure what the color is."
There were things that he did know,
however.. He knew that the General's hair
is gray, somewhat thin on top, but that
he'Js not bald. He knew that he wears a
heavy gray mustache. He knew that his
eyes. are rather prominent.
ette of it. "To* see, mah hands ani
iuoughty broad. So am de Gin'ral's.
"He weahs a ring on his right hand, on
de little finger ob dat hand. It am a
black stone wia a diamond In de middle
ob It.
"He don't wean no oder jew'lry dat I
knows ob, but he do wean a gay necktie
on occasion, dat am sahtain. His coi
lab ain't bery high an' it ain't bery.low,
and it's somewhah in de middle betwixt.
He weahs a darby hat— stiff top hat, yo
know, honey;, an' he weahs a shoht coat
or a cutaway}. 'cept when he's goin' ora
tln';'den he weans a frock coat an' he
sahtainly do look moughty tine, do de
Gin'ral.
"He dress moughty neat all da time.
He weahs shoes dat am Jes' like mine—
caalf shoes; and de feet dey covah— well,
between yo' an' me, honey, de Gin'ral
cahtalnly do hab a moughty good under
standing."
Try a Description
and See How Near
Right You Come.
CAN YOU DESCRIBE YOUR BEST FRIEND SO THAT THE
POLICE WOULD KNOW HIM?
Pere Is a riemory
Test That Cannot
Fail to Interest.
y^iENERAL BARNES' full name, and correctly
/ spelled, is WIL'LIAM HENRY LINOW BARNES.
V># He is 64 years old, 5 feet 11 inches tall, and weighs
208 pounds. His eyes are a bluish gray. His hair was
a dark brown originally, but is now almost white. He is not
bald. . He has a very heavy gray mustache. There is ho no
ticeable scan or mark on his hands or face. His face is rather
round, forehead high, heavy eyebrows, and a decided chin.
His dress is characterized by its extreme .simplicity and
quietness. The only jewelry that he wears is a large mar
quise ring of uncut diamonds in a black setting and a watch
held m place by a string of gold. His hands are quite small,,
but ;jlump, taking a No. 7 glove. His carriage is very erect,
and l«c walks briskly when taking exercise but is more delib
s- erate uhen in the house. The only peculiarity that would«
be noticeable to a casual acquaintance is his partic
ularly genial and winning personality. He is an American.
THIS IS THE REAL GENERAL BARNES.
¦ ...
THK SUyPAY
3Cem«» h\\ yeu Jolly driver bey-hwi ,
Uound en thin i.vrrii.n.1, »
A'deo^ooieol Te &1I y» friendly onsi ,
I'll fcfvett iiartlns hami,
1 Irnvr thn Wild nii'1 l.inUrn Witt,
The cold nnd stor<ml ulsi-yen, ,
And from tin- hotnn 1 love m w*ll
I'll He»lioV'ei' rufulloniP h«ftln.
Mldwuy of thd town's main thot-augh*
faro on the right wuh lh«J "llvory btttn,"
a iiuTishncltlo shed with a corral at the
back in thn cftnler of which wuB u-pll« oi
hay. Tha hay wns In a barrud rick, and
botween tho barn horsns, mulus, burros
and milch cows woro permitted to brownn
upon It for twenty-four hours at a time
at tho uniform rate of ,"two bits- the
bend." Tho' barn was tjio nows'Ctmlur
of thri town. All newcomers put up their
teams there, and Mr. Dud Uclcho', tho
proprietor, Kcncrally was "allowod" lo
ba "the bost-lnformctl mun In therfo
parts." It waa ho wlio had', imparted ito
Jin ui.'ii.uit Hind., ph. m the information
about tho Klowus and about' Mr. Horncr's
itmlabld Intention tu "shout up the post
a. little." |
Uuforo Uilu place tJjo newcomer hulled
his mules, Ah ho slouched to tho road
way a small boy who had been Idling In
tbo nhad« of the. burn darted out to muko
a' tender of his serviced., Tho 'two canui
Into ¦vlolont' collision, und tho ' youngstur
would -havo fnllen had not the toamslcr
dropped a hand upon th« neckband of
his shirt, and lifted him Into thn air. ;
"Now, then, young Jack Rabbit," ..the
tnamstor said, holding 'the boy at arni'i
length, "what's a-bitlng you? Ain't you
nevur seen n grub-wagon before7 Or was
you Just trying to atumpcdn them mules?"
"I ; wanted to ¦ help-unhitch," tho boy
'"Bout a hundred, they said, Reeken
that means all of twenty by straight
tally." ¦
"Which a-way?"'
iPW l >y-S«lt Creek, heading «outh."
Hri/cknum rubbed his chin reflectively
far a moment or two. "Don't llkn It n
bit, Iim Buld flntilly. "They're bound to
turn buck north, and that'll bring 'em
put our way. if i fool around horn very
long I'll tumbla Into trouble. Turn them
mules Into that, huy, will you? I'll iw.
tod(Jlln« on down to th« store fur the
«rub. Water 'cm. too. Reckon I'll Bturt
back before sundown."
"Will the mules otand It?", i
"Buro. They've been running tho range
for a month, newldes, I turned 'cm out
on. good grass last night in Lbs Valley."
Ho sturtcd off down tho road with tho
swinging stride, pccullur to all range rid
crs, .and had gono not moro thu.it twenty
yurds when ho f«lt u tug at his shirt
sleeve.
"Do you want a boy on your ranch,
mister?'.'
Urockman turned Vnd saw the small
person ho had collided with trotting bo
uidu him. "Do I— do I want—what?" he
linked, astonished, ,
"A boy on your ranch!" the small per
son repuatcd.
Brockmun camo to a halt and studied
his aueBtlonor. Tho boy whs not more
than eleven, If that old, and thin und
"peaked," ' as thyy suy 'In Texan. His
ukln wus white, an unusual thing In those
parts, and, Ms hair wus of a shade be
tween, yellow and; light brown. But his
eyes! were as blue and as fearless as
Brockman's own, and ho looked tha big
"DO YOU WANT A BOY ON YOUR RAN0II, MIBTEHP"
¦ex who makes It devilish hard for a man
ever to think of her except as tho was
'"ii'" upon k time.' As a rule, It's the
one he Just falls of winning."
"Nothing of tho tort In thta case* I
assure you," the captain said rnninsiiy.'
"Merely the sudden and unexpected np
pcarance of a friend of other days, whom
I havo not as yet had a chance to ques*
tlon."
"Then, since you have connected her
in your mind with this Goodwin, I would
adviso you not to question too closely,"
was the lieutenant's comment.
tnln murmured as ho stood in tha door
way wntehlng the lieutenant go striding
aerois tha plaea, "1 can't understand it
at all. God, how th« old man would
writim In his grave if hs knuwl And
how sho must imvn changed in natural
Voor llttlA girl— poor little girl. Tha ruin
of a family followed by th« f All of tho
last member of that family; and ten
years ago tha homa people all wera en*
vloiis of them becauso of their social po
sition and v/ialth. Poor little girl."
Captain Dnvls summoned his orderly
and sent him scurrying to' tho barracks
"See here, Henderson." the captain
i did. reddening with sudden anger, "wo
mny as well come to an understanding
right here. I may need your help; if I
do I'll ask for It. I'll take your advlco
on thn same terms. I owe this young
womiin'i father a debt of gratitude, and
I h.ivi* a most sincere' respect for tho lit
tle, girl 1 knew as his daughter. I shall
require my friends to treat her with the
Kume respect."
"1 meant no offense, captain," Hender
son ftild frankly. "The young w;r.i«n is,
<if course, a stranger to mo, The man,
Uoodwln, I know by reputation, however,
und if your old friend's daughter Is trav.
cling in 'his company, why— welt, she la
out of her clcuis, that's all."
"I know something of Goodwin, too,"
i .ild the cuptain. "Or, to be exact,] did
know of him at ths time, I first met Miss
Bcott. He was wild, even then, so it is
possible he has developed badly."
"If this is the Goodwin he certainly
has," in nl Henderson, dryly.
"I ought to know-I must know," tha
csptaln went on. "I owe It to tho family
to rout out the oommlssury. A truupcr
¦ped out through the heat to where the
horses were grazing on tho prairie. . A
bugle call, rang out from tho center of tbo
miuiuv, and the sleepy troopers of a min
ute bofore'becamn black demons of ener
gy, rushing hero and thcro about the bar
racks to gather their equipment or' to
meet and etonm the horses that caino
galloping li.rougn tho gates of the stouk
ade.
CHArTKK It.
M A VE KICKED.'
A canvas-topped studobaker drawn by
four mules traveling at n gallop came rat
tling down the stony incline on Ihawcst
of Jacksboro. The'sldo-hlll overlooked tun
siocknd« whore, Just then, tho troopers
were busily grooming their mounts alon?
the picket line. The solitary occupant of
the wagon glancod them over without
much Interest. With one foot ¦ braced
against the dashboard,, legs crussod nt tha
knees, body hunched up in a slouchlnffly
"ll*.h. Now. I understand!" cried the
mptuin, springing to his feet and dealing
his thigh' ii resounding thwack. "Now
J ui..ic-mi;.ji.i: That's why Scott's girl
Is—" He stopped suddenly. Tho lleu>
tenant was regarding him quizzically.
"Well, Hamilton'* rangers are over in
1hat country. Tln-y'11 rurth a runner in
to ud If lbs liullntw renlly am U p t Mph»i
tlrri) 1 v.f can be K^ulnu n-ndy to sinrt at
• ;i Jnsunfs notice. Is this Horner a
"Not ut all," nald the lieutenant. "H«'ji
1j«d medicine, all right enough. Train*
with a had crowd, too— with tho Jim
• "Yes. Thr Rambler."
"Nothing morn than that one of a party
of buffalo hunters rot a sight of them,
¦ nd ho and his crowd have run in. They
my the Indian* wiro heading for Bolt
Crrik."
Hrnrtrtpnii eriniini broadly, lie wan
frrfh from NWm Point* nrid the novelty
r»f tlm frontier hud not worn off, He
spent hi* ppare moments studying human
nature n* it existed In Jnrkehoro, and his
irmprranieiit was so happy that ho could
find a lauRh In ninny things which would
have made an older man srrlous. He
*'BS genuinely anxious to see tome rough
service, too, and this bud news about the
KlowuN had bren welcomed by him as
a piece of especially goad fortune.
"Hope this llorner will postpone his
sfTalr until we have had s go at the In
disns," he sdded.
"Anything disunite nbout the Klowas?"
the captain at-ked.
"Yes. There'll a promise of trouble, and
ii chance at Iam to i > i into action, Over
in tin- town they eay the Klowa* Are up
again. Deeti raiding aut Bait Greek way.
And then thero's a bad chap ever there
at the name ef Hewer-' Joe Ilerner, I
thlfik-who In going to attack the poet
»:i'fcl- I..-U..1.-.1 i. ii.i Wipe US «lll nut. JtJHt
bet-sun* HrritcAtit Jftrktson took eeeaeion
to e n..= i ii that 'a nigger's eg good as a
*hitt* man eny day/ •!
"Hello, Henderpon, Yes, come in," the
captain euid, t-inninp hie. position so as
to be alile to show his face to the lieu
tenant whV entered. "Anything going
on?"
"Old Bcott'e rlrl, beyond queition. But
what is ishe doing here?" he repeated for
the hundredth time. "What is she doing
here?"
"May I come in, captain?" asked a
cheery voice at the door.
And yesterday, galloping in from a
scout over the range, he had without
warning been brought face to face with
her in this nqualld. sordid, boisterous,
ruffianly community— a woman in years
and looks now. her face marked with the
lines that care and trouble leave, and the
glad«surprise in her eyes giving place al
nioM at once to a mute appeal that wrung
Kis heart because of the mystery of it
and becauf-c she had hurried away like
one afraid. Bhe had caught by the hand a
little boy who was with her, and almost
had to run to avoid him. There could be
no mistake, he felt cure. The face had
changed, as all thingK change with time;
but the oyoe— and that haunting, appeal
ing look!
It easier for him to ko away. Vntil thfn
he had hnd uncomfortable mnmrnts when
tver he thought that one day duty to th.?
Government would call him away and
pever his pleasant relations with the
Bcotts. He was clad rather than *ad
when at Iaft the ordrr did come: and he
had gone nwny In som^ihlng of a huff,
because (she -would not or could not, evpn
at the parting, put off that new shyness
and bid him farewell, as the often had
done when he was going away only for
a day, with a kiss.
That was rears and years ago— thirteen
at the very least. He had thought of her
often since then, and now and again her
name and news of her had crept into his
letters from home; and always he had
had that wistful, unavailing, unreasoning,
half-angry regret that fihe had not re
mained the laughing, nprlghtly elf in
ehort clothes who loved to romp with
him over th»» gra:;Fy lawns at home.
Her fnth<r had helped him to his com
ml?rlon; and this marked rhnnpe in Bes
sie, coming so potin aftrrwurd. had mad'!
He reiTirmbercd his sorrow nf thnt
time. This change had rut him off front
the untrammelrd, unconventional, Jolly
comradeship they hnd enjoyed. She kUII
was a child in yrnrn thrn. but those long
clothes nrd that phynrsn br longed to an
oilier nepfle. who war n ptrHtiRor to him.
He regretted it because he could nc
lnncrr be at cafe with hrr as with a child
cr frolic as one mlRht with a Jolly, elfish,
merry little Bl6ter. He cou\1 not think
of her in any other llKht; he desired «io
closer rrlailonchip. Their comradeship
had had ltn birth In hor .father's friend
ship for him. and had continued because
of a port of temperamental affinity be
tween them.
fy ATTAIN HAVIR Ml alone in his
/ / quintet*. hl« fret retting on the Kill
I /^ of nn opm window nrid his fore-
VL/ bfud wrinkled In n frown, asklnn
1^ himnflf over nnd ovrr uRSln u
question he was totally unsbls to «n
iiwer
AcroM the Inclosed pl»R« Hie Tenth 1 *
colored troopers were IhIIIiik about ihc
barracks. ruder herd »n 'lie open
prairie beyond wer« the troop hon*e* (
languidly nil. I. Una mviet mem-tiltM gnur£
. in in ii.«- ii«M nf 'I"- pofl were g.-.tujwd
those l n K and /rame- Nturen and dwelling*
rrprfPfnlfd <jii llw mitp <>f Tixai Uy I
tiny dot und the nnme of Jaokkboro, 'fh»
sun «mh «t rrierlfilttit, Tin* dry *fi*tth «• ¦
tinuii i.m u fh tinii in vi«llil« tnys thai
.jwlv.-l.il Mini riilnimr Kit Mild VfUfd •'"'
rye.
All 1hi> itrnntin-t \vbn Ibrv. Indolent.
drnw»y, ulre). Itivitlns. only Mie onm
inmidrflii nf tlif pnr I found rlierBy fnnUMh
to diipisy irritation. i< wii no problem
(rlMinl to llU dllllea lli.tt lolled Illtll. lit*
«.;•• qUlcV «l BOlvUll theue, ll wnn IQtUV!
thltia beynnd nnd ntintt front thn mllltm>
life, rnnirtlitnK Unit MITlSd him tmi'U lo
the (iuyn «hru he wim a rnllow ynutm
gullmit, In love with nil the world, nnd,
more particular]) 1 ' Mill UW uulfunn wlihh
)•• Jupt 1heu hud futt on Hint all ,whlch
that irprri-nitfd, Nut thnt he whs ap 014
man iMH ItOW] but h" hud nnd rn*
Uured much in th*« years thwt had romp
iii-iwrrn, nti<t )H|»nlriu^ «rJ<« a mint fan
)t ihnti time.
It M-i-inni nn nep to hint, traveling
liat'k ovrr the eveiiin of bin 1 1 f*» flu he win
now doing, i" thnt day when he Mrst ».«w
hrr In 1mm clothe* nnd realUfd, with
something of « rbo»k. thnt fhe ikj |niiS"t
««¦« the wliipomr r-hlld he hud biroine nr
cuplnrr.rrt t" prtilnj* nnd <-nrri«flii6 tmd
romflt'lt with; thnt nil "T n sudden kIu»
had dcvrlnppd Into n dfitutN* young wo*
rnnn, full Of n flmiiRr, fhy reprrvr with
him nnd with all turn— a Nhytu-rn ttbSOr
lutrly without coquetry, nnd yet nt thn
peme Hint' mure utlurlnn nnd fMF-rlnutltia
thrni thopp rhnrniB of the *rx that t»|)|
boldly for ndmirntlnn.
"SCOTT'B OIRIi."
CHAPTER I.
"Nothing In from the East, sir," the
orderly replied. "This Is mall from th«
"Probably a complaint about Jackson,"
tho lieutenant suld us the cuptain picked
up the letter. "Or. maybe., a challenge
to mortal combat. from Mister Horner."
"It Is a wiimun't huntl," the c^iptuln
»\xl&, "I suspect that It I « from hur, Hen»
tln-rwon." i
Thru they both fell silent for a tlmn.
lli'inliTH'iii hoping that the letter would
prCA'o to ba'of u nature to make the cap
tain i-iifiy In hlft mind rexpectlng the
wr.tcr, and the captuln drcudlng that it
mltfht contuln confirmation of his worst
suspicions. Th" .letter Itself, delivered
after her departure; certainly was a bad
sign 'from one point of view. Oh* could
have < sent for him, or have called upon
htm. ftf things were as they should be.
"I forgot to say." Henderson remarked,
"that Parson Potter's opinion of this
An orderly came In with the post mall
bat; and laid a letter on the captain's 11
blc.
"Anything for ma?" the lieutenant
asked.
Henderson stared, and then, us th« cap
tain turned nwny. went through a panto<
mimic performance of clapping his hands
as H mark of approval.
"Yes. Briefly, this is all I know about
her since I have been in the service: The
year that I came away she married a man
chosen for her by her father. She had had
a suitor named Goodwin — the wild fellow
I spoke about— but the old man would
have none of him. I don't know that tho
girl cared for him, mind you. He was un
deslrablo from any point of view—* hard
drinker, a spendthrift, and, naturally, a
gambler. The old man was getting on in
life, and he was anxious to see the girl
comfortably settled, I suppose. The war
was threatening then. too. and as the
sympathies of the old man and his son-in
law were with the South of course my
connection with the family was broken
and I lost track of them for a time. "When
the trouble was over I> learned that th«
old man had died of heart disease— Joy
over the news of the result at Bull Run
killed him. When Grant succeeded Hal
leck and began his double move- against
the South Scott's son-in-law joined the
Confederate army. He was wounded In
the Wilderness— shot to pieces, almost—
and went back to Bessie a hopeless crip
ple, absolutely helpless. She nursed and
cared for him until three years ago—
when he died, as I have said. There was
name mention In one of my letters of a
child. What became of It I can't say."
"She has left a child— a boy— over In
town." »
"Has left? Dr> you mean that ah*
has-. — "
•'Gone, So has Goodwin."
"Hut why, and where?"
, "Belcher declared that ha didn't know,
and I couldn't find any one e|»e who did.
But they have gone together. That mucH
la certain, "
"And the boy? Btirely they hav« not
denerted him?"
"We have enly Beleher'a word for it.
They may be coming back."
"I'll not believe it of her," the eapUin
tmld. "I can't conceive of a reason for
It."
"You think thin is the mme Qondwlnf
"Unquestionably. And thtit bring* us
back to that marriage, tf thtre la another
woman, then ha hat deceived bur-tricked
"There can b« no 'unl#s«' In this caae,
llnndcrson," the captain said sternly. "I
will Mak* my life upon It that she has
been tricked."
"No." he said, after a time, "she could
not have been In Texas three years ago.
Her husband died about that time."
"Oh. then she had a husband?" Hender
son was surprised.
"Of course, the parson doesn't remem
ber the name of Scott!" he cried. "How
could he, when she would not have given
that name? Don't you see. Henderson?
You ' have been Jumping nt conclusions
again." and he heaved a sigh of relief.
"I haven't Jumped at anything, and I
don't see anything," the lieutenant retort
ed, dlagust apparent in his tones. "You
mentioned only one name to me. If she
ba» half a dozen, of course she may have
used one of the others In 8an Antonio."
But the captain was busy again with
his own thoughts and paid no heed to
him.
The captnin shook his head sadly.
"Three years nso she was In Kentucky,"
he said. "Her husband — "
He broke off and sprang to hit feet ex
citedly.
ft wmh Henderson's way of breAktn^
bad ni'wu. H« r«*ully wa» sorry th4t h«
did not hava sooti news to tell, und tor
Hi" moment would much rather ami
filiation* thnn nnaw#r fhem.
'/Who In tflwti I* t*»l**lrt« about her?"
tllr. niptltlt) lni|illr.-d.
•Mih, rielrher. /tttione other*. Hnmeliodv
ottKht to put tlnser itlgn postil nt nil i:> >
•.titnuirPrt to ihn town with the wordu Mn
\n rtelnher's fnr Urn !.i»te»t Thing* In
fdrp' on tliem, How ji grain 1 nf truth
nnywhtiB near that chnp nnd hn'll muK*
an acre of iiction out of It before you can
turn round."
"Winm't there any one else you cnuM
ritienlliiuV"
"Yep. I had a little tMlk with the riunt-
Inir Parsou-Mr. Potter."
"VVpII?"
"Me t^ver had hrard of MlM BcM*.
Known Goodwin pretty .v«»ll, thoiujh. Mar
ried htm, In fact."
"Nfarrlpd him? Where and when?" •
"Oh, lit Han Antonio— nbout three y«.tr«
ago."
"Then you think the brlrt* could not
huv»- bppit — — " Tho cnptaln could not
brliin himself to finish the question.
."I'm afraid twi," Ifcnderson cleared'
tils throat. "Hut It'n an open question
, yet. You see, thp man's simply Intolcr
rible — mpmory about as tonjt n« your Uttlo
flnjtrr. Ho remen-hcra Goodwin all right.
Now, why shouldn't he remember th»
woman, too? Tho name might have bfien
Beotti but he thinks It was something
else. Isn't ture that It wasn't, mind you*
so there's a chanco."
Henderson was avvav nearly two hour*.
He entered the captain^ quarters with
the hnng-doR manner of n nvin who sud
denly hii.-i been culled upon to act as thn
h.Mrrr of ovll tiding*.
"Have you learned anything?" Captalrt
Davla Hiked,
"Hi'Viiral thltijjs. aome, of them contra
dictory," the llmifii'nant replied. "Thine*
ili.it pii/./J.' me. Would It Uet nsktns too
much cif you in iihVc you tn tell m* MU"
Bcott'w history— or ,|udI ho mueh ms you
rura to lull? It may h«Mp me, to put a
better f«ce nn the things* they nr» wylni;
ovrr In town."
"Poor little cuss." Brockman roufterM
to himself;' nnd then: "Come on. mv mav
erick. We've yot to rustle this grub in a
hurry now." -
.Brockman put his arm gently over tha
boy'a shoulder. "You're muverlckod all
right, little one." he said. "Ybu*Mturt
right out to the ranch with me this after
noon," . *
' "I'm much obliged to you," the boy
said, looking up at him with moist eyed.
"And I'll work hard for you, too."
The., boy reddened, "Why wouldn't It?"
ha perniHtad.'V -
"Well, sir, why doesn't It?" Broekman
apked, "Why dn«gn't It take you right off
iim'lv Kuhi, where you belensr, instead of
trying to, plant you uquar© amoBi 'em?"
The boy tmw that he hud been illogle&li
but he did not alter his determination.
"I want to «o ii^.'rt uer. i must gvt Bom«>
thing to do," he until, plaintively. "I'd be
afraid, but I would work hurd Ju«t the
lame If you would let me."
"•'nil you pIiooi v" Drockman asked.
"I could Utmt," he replied.
"Cttn you rld«?"
"Oh, Vest" he cried, eagerly. "1 had a
pony nt home."
"Huh!" Ui'odkman rubbed his chin.
"Whnro's home?" ¦
"Wh«r« I tame from," the boy replied,
looking tnvny,
. "Sure," Hruckmnn said, smiling at th«
manner In which the hoy had evaded.
"Thnt'H what n|e. Bud calls n self-cvldimt
ual fart. Reckon you had on© of them lit
tle padded muloy human saddlea, too.
Could the 'pony buck to any uccount?" •
"He didn't buck at all. Ho was a gentto
pony."
"Then I guess you can't ride a whole,
lot." Brockman remarked. "You'd need a
little practice at falling out of a balloon.
so'h to get used to hitting tho ground
hiird, before tuckllng one of our bunch."
Mr. Bud Drleher had b*en observing
them for some minutes from the burn. H«
approached and whispered something In
llrorkman'H car.
"Bhol You don't mean It!" Brockm.ui
exclulmed. regarding the boy with uniuro
sympathetic interest..
Mr. Dud Belcher nodded his houd. "ri'n
too durned bad, but It's so," ho mild, ,ui.
phatically. .
Brockman looked surprised. "Reckon
I'm wrong, after all," he nuld, "Yea, air;
reckon I'm wrong. You ain't one of them
thinking chaps at all, or elae that talent's
been hut'ked off sudden,"
"Perhaps it would keep me but of the
way of the. Indians, »n the first place," tha
boy argued.
"Yes," the ranchman continued, whim
sically, "that's where you belong. You've
got what folks out here ealls a talent for
tinkering with time. It sure would make
you rich back East. But out here— well,
out here U'b a leedle out of place, as th«j
fiddler eaid to the cow that camo to hb
dance. It would sure get you scalped first
full of the moon."
Something in the youngster's manner,
and a sharp, quick, decisive note In his
voice, made Brockman turn and observe
him more closely. Then he patted his
head. ': '.,:¦ ''" . • ,
' "You're one of them considering chaps,"
he said, with a smile. "One of them that
looks before they Jumps. Back In the big
towns Is where you belong. It's fellows
like you that grows up to be biff rich.
They just sits down nnd looks at a thing
all 'round, and finally tackles It plumb
right— on the soft side."
The youngster glanced up at him, a
pleased expression on his face.
• "No," the boy said quickly. "I wouldn't
do that. That wouldn't keep the Indiana
off."
"It's the safest bet a man ever made."
Brockman agreed. "You'd be scared good.
And you'd just about plump down and go
to hollering for, your mammy. That's
what you'd do."
The boy pondered the question awhile
before replying. It was as If he were
trying to conjure up Just such an emer
gency as had been suggested to test his
conduct— to try himself out— bpfore an
swering. By and- by he shook his head.
"I can't tell," he said. "I'd be frightened.
I know."
"W»' tnnvrrick them."
;;And then?" *¦':'%
And then they just belong to u*.
Th«t'» nil."
"The boy hesitated for a moment, and
I hen, "Couldn't you mnverleK met?" h«
naked, "Do^p It hurt?"
"N-iio, not mi murhy.nnieh," Urookmnn
Kfild, smllliitt. With hll bouthefi he drew
a ru pi tu i ii'ii.-i i< in Hi., dunt tif Hi., road
Hii.l then mtidn an opth trlnnal" «jv*>i"
It, All Wf'il Imvn to do would »>« to
bum that iiirrn lirnml into your l.-n
tdiniiiiiri' with ii red-hotilron nnd cut
your fut'H up n bit, Cropflhs. • I >;i» t uml
iiinlrr-(lM|T ilii- left In Hi.' v, ii\ w.i do Hi
No, i reckon it don't hurt much, Ytar*
Hiiiiw Aland H, nil right, no I guritu you
t'otild. What do you nay? l>o } oil want
to try It?"
"The boy pmlM up d\ him. "I'm nurp
you or* joking," he snld, "Vou d,on'l
trrat biiyn Ilk" that. Mummy snyM
brnnds nri> pu> nn cuttle so that thf own.
*rt\ will know them again If they run
BW«y. t wouldn't run nwny, a<i you
wouldn't havo to brnnd me. Would
you?" .;». (.
"WHI, now, I nln't nn mir«?." Drnrkmnit
unld. "l-'at't Is, 1 nln't never be>m naked
to nittvrrlvk n hutnnn before. Don't
know just what the rulen In In thtfrn
t'HHen. Hut," n» n new Irkn rnttw to
him, "didn't you benr whnt old IJuiiJUHf
sntd (iliiii.il the tndluns."
"Ye B ."
"Well, nil 1 , they're pretty bad people to,
hnvo nny truck- with, they ure; and If we
didn't get hungry and ent you up thay
mlffht."
"You wouldn't let them," the boy *ald.
bonftdcntly.
Prockman Inuixhed loudly. "You're n
trylng to honey m<? up." he said. "Thnt'a
Just the way the girls do. Which puts
mn In mind: Ilnvo you got a sweetheart
yet?" - c:i
"No." said the boy. "Have you?"
"Well, 1 ain't connected, up to date, but
I have hopes, mister— I have hopes."
"So have I," said the boy. soberly.
Brockmnn laughed ngaln.
"I have hopes that you'll maverick
me," the boy explained.
"Ranch ain't no place for you, my boy."
Brockman said. "You'd want to pet
away h» noon as you got there. Besides,
you might not get there at all. Suppose,
now, that them Indians were after you;
that they had got you rounded ud
good and hard and you couldn't get
away from Vm— that might happen any
time out there— what would you do In a
case Ilk* that?"
"You're a stray,'.' nrorkman said. "Ho
you know what we do with atruy calves
out on thf* range?" •
"No, What?"
"Well, nlr." Brockmnn said. ' when he
hnd looked the boy over, "you ain't fnt
enough to eat. nnd I reckon that's nbout
nil wo could do with you out In our coun
try, Where's your people?"
The boy's ey.fN dropped for n moment
mid hl.s lips quivered. "They've k""*
nwuy," ho Hiild, "1 rnuat go to work and
do for myself now," '¦:'').
ranchman squarely In the face while
waiting for his answer.
"Beg your pardon, Henderson." h« said.
"I wnm't shouting at you. but the fnct
Is you have Just solved a mystery for
me— put me In the way to account for the
unsuspected presence here of thu daugh
ter of an old, old friend."
"Scott's girl, 1 baileys you called her,"
Ilenderhon ventured.
"Yen," mid tha captain : "but not any
flroit that you ever kn«*w— an old Ken
tucky friend."
"And t hi* Klrl?"
"1 hud nut firen her for on Hffn 'until
yesterday. Not since she was a little slip
of a thtng, years ngo, Bhe, Is a \V"innu
now, but I always remember her hs
rtootfti gjrl."
Hf-ii.iiTMin smiled tn a knowing .way.
"There usually Is some one amoni the
to be Interested In h«r welfare. May. I
nBk a rervlce of you, Henderson?".
"Certainly. Nome it." khI.1 the lieuten
ant.
"I must lenow what relation she. bears
to this Goodwin. lluwshe comes to bo
hfiro with him. And, nbove nil, If uhe
1h BiitJsncd to remain with him. Tho last
I may hhIc for myself, If the Hltuatlon
warrants rav Interference. And I oukIU
to know before we urn called out itttur
iIhio Klowai. Will you iiinii'i'iiilii' to
antiwar the first Of thtwu questions, for
me?"
"In an hour," Henderson f»sld, f'Thqro
mny be pioi'« news In about the Klowii*,'
and I'll make thut my excuse for golnjj
buck to town." . • \
"It certainly d«rs look bud." the cap-
comfortable atitude nnd. th€,lm«» fulling
slack, he. guided the mules with u care
lessness which easily mlffht have, been
mlstnken for lecklensncBs. He had . a
Rootl-humorfttl, pleasant fuco, with a
heavy, bristly, rod imiHtuche, and . liliu'
eycn that uoemed to laugh at you out of
tho tun ' that' surrounded them. Neitlior
thn heat nor the nils In tin* nmdw;iy
were nble to rilfflq hln temper. Hf
luri'hfd with the wagon hu li tllttd now
to one and niHilli In (Ju» 6th «r nld« of thn
trail, hut the npiipt.ful o,\,,rcsplon on Mb
face never won altered in ihe slightest by
thn Jolting. Us wu» .BluiTinx-lmwlli k.
rHthPr— «t the top- of m» yplo*i imd tare
nnd there In his eyng a rock or/8 rut
jniiK'tuitti'rt the lln«* with a fihrU'klnjj
crescendo Impoeslblp to d«ncrlb». :'vi s
managed to gasp, and then the tenmsler
saw thnf he, was choking and hastily put
him down. ¦ ¦
Mr. Bud Belcher, chewing n straw and
Btretchlng himself iih he CHme, Hircht'l
out Into thfi rondway. "How, Krock
trinn," fuild ho, "Whnt brlriBH you to
town?"
"Grub," Mr. Brockmnn Haiti briefly,
"AH out of men! nt the ranch, and going
Mhv mi tobacco and cwrtrldgea, WhuL'n
{i-doipir in town?" **
"Nothing miii-h. Home buffftlo-hnntera
got 11 Hcnre uud chimed them*ei|vea In with
It, Haying the Klowajt , we up.. Thut'*
uhouf; nil to-day."*
"Mooh'h Ju/u about right for 'urn,"
F.voeHrorm remnrke.d.. "8h« fulls to-night,
nic, hunch?" .; •¦¦ ,;* y. :." ,.
Copyright. JW1. by J. N. Quail.
BROCKMAN'S
THE SUK DAY CALL.
4
THE CAPTAIN'S MAIL
CHAPTER III."Won't he fall off?" the boy asked.
"That thrre !r Homer.'.' Mr. tiuil IJrleh
rr Mild, complacently piut:kinR a flesh
*t raw for hip tenh from the hack nf one
or the mulcts "Hf'B mro aot 'bout as
murh tnrnntu'ti juice us ho can tot«».
Golnp put >-r.i:r way. too. Reckon you'll
bc* th«* fun. Hc'» Oue to Khoot the post
up lotnc,"
A man with a flutheti fare, who carried
n Pliarri'i' carbine «ntt with on* flutter
ihroufih the irlerrr guard, wan twirling it
ttbovc hla hf>ad, rame whuontnir ttlnng the
mad at a Ballon, lie « n * reeling In the
"Wuffl" hi» *hrlrkrt1. "Nlesrr*rtt|?8er!
nrvrr-rilr ain't tioihln' liut it damn bltf
If*! Wetrh <m hid* .,nt! Wh-owJ"
Mr. Hud Iirlfher towed into the wagon
a tm«ll hunfll* <if riothlns Ued with a
fl^ee *f rop». " 'Tatn't a very hefty
h>ad." he remarked, "Needn't try to un
tie thrm hunt*, t»f»ttny, Juct out 'fm.
r»«h't nt^d that rnrtft nn mere, nnh«w\"
The mules had been hitched in. the
earks of oornmeal, rases of cartridges,
raddles of totiaeco, and Borne sides of fat
bacon loaded on, and he was ready to
start. It \\ . - 1st* afternoon, but he
rounjKj upon making I»s Valley ranch
hy jjt > viork. With an early start next
mrrnine he might he ahlfl to r«a«*h the
outer ran h on the bead of the West Vork
fif the Trinity, In Archer County, by the
following midnight —a seventy-mile trip
to t»* <inn» in n UtU» mfir« than twenty
four hours of arum! travel.
"Now, then, my maverick, climb up,"
Brorkman called to the boy from the
wagon. "Climb up. Ole Bud'll hand up
your duds."
CHAPTER IV
THE FIGHTING PAK80N AND A BAD
MAN.
Then out ef the waste, h#hlntl htm eama
a urolniujft moaning ery~"wh>wh»~whd»
whe«e»ahl" The alment apent mules ln»
creased their pace without urging, and
with tr^mbllns hand t*.e boy felt for tho
revolver beside him. Amain the cry, eeom-
IhhI.v more doleful now that he was
listening for ltr-"who-who-'Who-who»o*o->
ah!" Then from all nbout htm the sound*
came In Irregular ehorup. Off In thp brush,
to the left, soma prowling thing slunU
away llko a sha«low of evil, and U\*n **«•
more that drear refrain. The boy felt
his blood chill and his tousled hair stif
fen as with straining eyps ha sought to
pierce tho gloom. It was like the hoot-
Ing of owls, he knew that; but Brockman
as they came along had told him that In
dians often mimicked that cry in their
signals. And If these sounds were made
by Indians?
On and on. and. on-wlth now «nd again
a. quick glance over hh shoulder at the
trail,' a* if in expectation of the coming
ot the eowbeyt, ami then Into the m»«<
quite about htm, In apprehenaian of a can*
eealed enemy—the buy held his way, .
Down Into an arrey© iklriett with Mmr
tall timber, up again Intd a grove of aerub
oak, and out onee more Into the meaqulte
he urgett the team,
With the rattle of gunfire and the yells
of the cowboys and. Indians ringing la
his ears, the boy lashed the mules into
a lopo and went speeding into the night
as fast as they could pull the creaking
wagon. Up to the little swell from which
Dalton had discovered the attack, and
down the other side of It into the roe*
quite bottom they clattered until they
struck ground so soft that the hoofs of
the mules gave out no sound, and the
only noise of their passage was tha
squeaking ot the dry hubs gn tho axles.
Now it had fallen dark, and they wera
out of hearing of the strife behind them.
To the west the sky wad sullen with
heavy clouds: to tha east It waa streaked
with faint lunur ruya that aa yet fell far
short of the meridian. In a little white
the moon would be flooding 'the tiati
with light,
AMBUSH.
A SKITTISH MULE AND AN INDIAN
CHAPTER Vt
"Great guns, I plumb forgot Edt" ex
claimed Dalton. ; The boss herder looked
worried. "He's ' coming out alone from,
Jacksboro with a wagon-load of grub/ and
ho'll just, about run Into this bunch," ho
explained to the runner. • After a mo
ment's thought he turned to the group of
herders. "Boys.',' said he Impressively,
"I'm going to let the horses shift for
themselves, if the Indiana ¦ get them—
"There's Brockman. What are, we go*
Ing to do about Ed?" Jack Langford said.
"TOO risky, 1 . 1 Bald DahCm. "The 1ft.
dlane, by your say»SO ( may. bd between
hero and the valley, and I'm not going
to ask any or my boya to take the chance
of getting through them. But I'll send
word to Herald and lkard. to put them
on the lookout,"
"They'll know about the rangers," waa
Dalton's comment. "They'll not go Into
the valley this trip. They've aura got
this raid all planned out They started
In with MUllktn, and they'll be after us.
neit. Then they'll strike (or the Herald
outnt on Union Creek, an4 from there
they'll go to • J.ish Ikard'e on the ut«
Wichita, They'll clean up any buffalo
hunter* there may be between there and
the. Panhandle ftnrt get b*fk Into the
Nation that A-way befert the tr^opa from
jwoUnboro out* get near them. We'v.e got
time to get the hornet In where we can
fight for them. Guess they won't try to
rush us again In daylight. They got a
bellyful of that last time."
"How About fettlnf word to the rang**
%nV* aiked the runner.
"Yes. But he 'ain't on the .upper ranch
no more," said Frank Ringer. "They
ain't nothing but niggers on that uppur
ranch now.' Six of 'em. I was over that
way after horses 'bout a month ago."
"Don't make no difference where he's
Irom," Dalton said as the runner galloped
up . and dismounted. "He's got news,
sure." - He strode out to meet the new
comer. "Howl" he said.'
•'How!" said the runner, stooping to
loosen his girths. "Seen any Indian
sign -hereaway?"
"No,". Dalton said as the others came
crowding around. "Have you?*'
VYes. It's thick out our way.' They
killed all the niggers on the upper ranch,
and then went on south a piece. But
they'll be strlktng back to the Nation
•fbro long, and olo Milllken 'he thought
.they'd be like to come out '. this a-way.
So he .sent me to give you word."
"Come in and feed," Dalton said.
When the runner had satisfied his hun
ger, ho gave them what Information he
had.
1 "Ole Satanta hlsself must be with this
bunch." he said. "They sure are wicked.
Chopped our men up something terrible.
Opened 'em up and emptied the meal
sacks Into 'em.. Niggers made a big fight,
too. Cartridge hulls lying around thick
er'n heel flies. 'Less they turn back by
Los Valley, to raid ole Jim Loving, they
Just must come out this a-way. Ole Mil
liken he sent in tox the troops, and the
rangers are In camp on the Cameron,
down there In the valley. 0o If they turn
back to the east of you. they'll catch It
good and hot, I'm a-thlnklug."
"That looks like one of the MUlikun
outfit," suggested Jack Langford, spring*
log to his feet. "Remember, John? Wo
saw that fellow down in the Valley last
round-up.".
"No. White man. Riding like blue
blazes, too. Horse all covered with suds.
Thero's trouble back of that chap. Reckon
I wasn't off the scent much, after all."
"What is It this time, John— Indians?"
Bud Wlllett asked as Dalton adjusted the
glasses to his eyes.
After their midday meal they had
grouped themselves in the shade of tho
ranch on the east and were talking in
desultory fashion of. the events of tho
morniig, when Dalton sprang up, ran to
his saddle and pulled his range-glasses
from a ease' he carried swung upon the
horn.
Just now John's nose was bothering
him a great deal; The ranch cattle to
the number of ¦om« thousands were be*
Ing "loose-herded"— that in, left to go
where they would within certain llberul
II ml in— on the range over toward Union
Creek, miles to the west of the ranch.
Ordinarily the men divided into two par*
ties and rode around them once a day
frum opposite directions, hcuttlng tho
outlying cattle back toward a comon cen
taf, but to-day, because of John's nose,
there* had been a change. The men had
gohu out singly, radiating from the ranch
llko spokes in a wheel, with Instructions
'to ride ten miles straightaway and return
without regard to the cattle, but with
their eyes wide open for. Indian sign. The
men had all returned shortly after noon,
and not one had seen anything suspi
cious. :.';.'
Dallon's manner of handling his mea
was much like ah old hen's fashion of
fussing over a young brood. He would
go sleeplesB to Incruaso their comforts),
would rustle up dalntieu in the game way
for them when they were a bit off their
feed, would scold them like sin when
they went'beyond bounds with him. unU
would go strutting around with- tight In
his eye if nn outsider so much as hinted
that hitt chicks wern't tha bett ever
hAtGhori, Tha m<n Always, wftra giving
him trouble, always nagging, but they
all lovml him and would have gone al*
most to uny extreme to have proved it
hint tnere bean occasion.
• Tho men on the Half-Diamond L ranch
used to say that John Dalton could smell
an Indian miles and miles away. Dalton
was the boss-herder, a thin, wiry, ner
vous man. with Bkln the color of a rlpo
prickly peur and eyes like a hawk's. 'Na
poleon Benois— old Pole, the 'boys affec
tionately hud dubbed him— said tu him
once: • •. ,
"Ye'd a-been an eagle, John) If you
just hadn't been' born, a human." '
HOW THE HALF-DIAMOND L HUNT
WENT TO DROCKMAN'8 RELIEF.
CHAPTER V.
"We sure missed a heap," he said. "But
the sign made It air pretty clear to me.
The ole parson he Just made a run by
Mister Horner and came up behind him.
Then he fetched him a hefty cuff with ono
hand and snatched the gun with the oth
er. He busted the gun on a rock, and
then he just But down on him to think
what next. Guess Mister llorner thought
the hand o' Providence sure had fallen
heavy on him when the parson handed
him that one., And I reckon the piirson
would sure have added him to his herd all
right If (hem troopers hadn't come along
Just then. Llfce to bet my boots against a
biscuit thnt he gets him you Juat think
what a Sheriff that chap ,'d make— and
him a-dolng nothing but preach and iuh
sl'i with Klnijrrs! It sure Is a shame."
As. for Brockman. .he proceeded to glv«
the maverick his own version of that en
counter,; and .then forgot all about It.
away upon their Journey to th,e ranch.
And then a runner with definite news
about the Klowas called the captain and
his men off in another direction; far to
the south, and the situation could not be
altered for a time, much as the captain
regretted it. '...-.
and a cloud of duet hid the advancing
host, if host it was.
"And wrong once. more— whlpsawed. so
to speak.", he eald. after a moment.
"They're coming all right. Lot tnls be
a. lesson to you, my maverick. It Hhowa
how easy it Ih to be mlBtaken. You Just
says to mo, says you. they won't come
nohow, and th*n, here they are. Well,
I'll be damned!" '
The dual cloud had pwlrled up to them,
and In Its wakc.it ulngle horseman, quirt
In hand, wuh intihlng his mount to top
speed. ttrockman'H fuoe was a study for
u moment; then he lean«d forward and
urged the mules Into a lope.
"There sure enough will l>« Born* fun
now." he exclaimed. "That's ole Mibter
wrenching it from Homer's hands .and
smiting a boulder with it.
"How many times have I warned you
that you were on the road to hell?" the
parson was saying as Brockman stepped
up to them, "How many times, have I
told you that strong drink would lead
you to, the crime of blood-letting? Have
you no fear of God's Judgment?"
"Shouldn't have made a nlBgor ho
damned Bi*sny, then," the drunken des
perado muttered, sullenly and blasphem
ously, "Nlgger'M to blame. Not mo.
Preach to thu ole nigger, you."
Paruon Potter shook him aa a terrier
would Hhnke n rut, bumpjng his heud
against tho ground again unrl Hgaln. "Sot
that you are!" ho cried. "Qod give me
Only waste no more time. Get away whils
you can."
Biockman assisted Homer to mount,
and started him off on a cow trail through
the timber.
."Time put In trying to convert that chap
is plumb' wnsted, I reckon, parson,"
Broekmun said as Horner disappeared,
"Ought to havo let the troops take him.
He's. Just naturally a menn one— all- bad."
"You 'fire wrong, young man," Parson
Potter replied, warmly. "You are all
wrong. There Is go,ocl In him, and a great
doal of It. It Ik only the rum In him that
Is bnd. You 'moke the common error of
supposing that the bud should be left to
themselves, to go to the devil in their own
way. The good eave themselves without
With just the .suspicion of a quiver on
his lips, the little fellow- laid down the
six-shooter, picked up the lines, clucked
to the mules, straightened them out and
went on.
Brockman pulled aside the canvas cov
er. One glance was enough. ••Hurrah!"
he cried. "Now we'll show 'em. That's
our outfit. Hear 'em yell! Pump It into
'em, boysl" And he Jumped on tho scut
and Bwuhg his hat as the Half-Diamond
l» crowd circled in between the wagon
and the timber. "Follow the trail, my
maverick, and keep 'em going," he said,
as he jumped out with his gun. "We'll
cau-h up with you; the mules will take
you to tho ranch if we don't."
"There's some of them right In front,"
said the little chap, trying hard to draw a
bead with the heavy revolver. "Look!"
"Keep 'em going!" cried Brockman.
Puffs of smoko broke out all along the
tlmbet*, and there was an occasional puff
from the wagon, which the four mulei
were .yanking along faster than ever It
traveled before; it swayed and burnpa.l
and tossed and jolted, now and again ca
reenglng on the rim of a gully and seem
ing about to dash itself and its contenta
to pieces. v
I Prostrate on the grub in the bed of tha
wagon lay Brockman, pumping his Win
chester viciously every time one of the
attacking party came Into view. On the
seat, lashing the wheelers with the long
ends of the lines and cheering them on in
a piping voice, was that midget of a Boy,
his big, staring eyes sparkling with ex
citement and his hair blown back from
a pale, drawn face. Suddenly he caught
sight' of the band of men galloping mad
ly down upon them from In front. Ha
made a quick turn around his wrists with
the lines, surged back upon them until
the mules slowed down, when he wrap
ped them about the brake beam and took
Brockman'a big six-shooter up In both
hands, pointing it toward the newcomerti.
Dalton itn.1 [.nil, ,1 up And wns looking
hard through his field glsxnes. It" taw
a thread of smok^drlft nwny from tin
wagon, and something beside*, for he dug
the spurs deep into the reeking sides of
hie flagging horse, and as ho sped past
the others called out:
"Uliir\ you devils, rlUal There's hell a«
popping over there!"
"Theru'H J3d: he'n all right. Whoo.
pee!" shouted Lansfgrd, and tha eowboyg
Kitvi< mi aii.uv.-rliih- yell at th« canvas top
Of thO |>mil|M M.-luiolii-r fl;l:ihr.l White oil
tho timber line a mil* away.
And on they went at a gallop, each
man's eyes searching tho ground aa he
rodo for sign that would t«ll whulher tha
Indiana ha. I crostted the trail, Tha aim
wns a red dluk resting on the sky line at
their backs when they eumo In sight of
Uru»hy Mountain. . •'."'
"We've three hours of daylight left,"
ho said. "If Ed got through all right,
we nhoiilil meot him Just this sl.lt- of
Wrushy Mountain. Thut'a u lung way
from here. Come on." '"•. •;
The runner nodded, and. clapping spurs
to his linrse, was off at a gallop. He had
not passed, beyond the first nwell In the
prairie to the west before the Half-Dia
mond It men. with Winchesters across
their knees and with Dalton In the lead,
were racing away to the eastward. Ten
miles from the ranch the trail swung
down by the Hotith and through a slough
covered with mesqulto. At the head of
this slough Dalton pulled up and turned
in hla saddle. Holding his arm out
stretched, with the palm of the hand be
tween the lower edge of the sun and the
horizon line, he found that three fingers
filled the gap.
."Get Hernld'.t men' to Join Ikard's*. If
you ran," Dalton said a few minutest
later, when the runner was about to utart
out. "Tell, them to work in between
these bucks and the Panhandle, so'ts to
cut them off, and perhaps wo'll be able
to give them a dose that will kei*p them
from 1 coming In ngnln in a hurry."
"All right, boyH," aald thn man from
Milllken's; "give me a fresh mount and
I'll go on. Hope you'll syM him through,
all rlcht, but." and he ia» hU ey« over
tho party, "fifty to ten's Mb odds*."
well, they've done as much before with
all of us right here on. the ranch. One of
you get oft to Herald's and to Ikard'a aa
quick as you can. The rest of you saddle
your bestymounts— and get a fresh horse
for Million's man here. We'll bring
Brockman. through all right or know the
reason whyi" , # j
There was '.&• dissenting grumble for a
moment or t%<>, and then Benois called
out: •-- .'j; : .
"I^et Mllllken's" man ro on to Herald"H.
John. Every one in this crowd wanta to
be with the outfit that's going to bring
Ed In." '
"Oh. that 's just sunburn." the boy said,
imihi.i- up nt him and rubbing bis nose.
"I got that standing out in front of the
"I wouldn't undertake to eay for cer
tain." was the eorrowful reply. "But I
eavvy the tslgns a-plenty, and It sure
(trleyes me 0 heap to see that your nose
shows the color of the ttuff."
"Why, you don't really think that I
drink, do you?" the boy aBked, ustonlshed.
chap be a living warning to you, my mav
erick, snd break away from hard drink
before the habit gel* a tight grip on you."
He turned a sober face to the youngster
and shook a warning finger at him.
"Give up tanglefoot, and keep away from
them bars, or you'll be a-brlnglng of my
red halro In sorrow to the tomb."
Tor many minutr* the captuln stood
there Ktiidylws the nn-.-iu- and seeking to
I'.aln from It nonic evidence to quiet hU
tuFplciontt. He read and rerrad It, but
could not flnd what tin sought. Rather
was he confronted with ambiguous phras
ing which almost might W accepted aa a
conffsrion «if guilt. And through it all
there ran «n appeal that gripped him
Imrd: «n ci|ireul. pot for firrnelf. but for
th« r hud of wbom H'-ndernon had *poken;
*ti ajijicnl (hut ulmo»t war. liyvtertcai In
Hf curncMnrna. He turned to the lieu
tenant.
"U>11?" Hendrrnon mid.
"There 1* no comfort In H," wns his
rtsp">ni?e.
"At leatt you know "
"Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Only
that I Fhnll find this boy uti4 <\n for him
bp hiB mother ankH, and an his grand
father, if ho were living, wnuld have me
do."
"He If with Belcher.** Henderson raid.
"We can net him at any time. But Is
there nothing cIm-7 No hint hi to why
they have gone, or ' where they have
sonr?"
' Nori<\"
",\'ii lfke to offer h<»lp. but don't know
«4 :;t to hUKR«ist. I don't know exactly
'¦*• 'he •...:.•,:-. and 1 don't want to
¦<••¦;. to be prying — " Henderson had
tald, when tlie cuptaln interrupted.
"Here." and he mauled him me, letter.
"Shun- ibis «otiililt in-.- with me. 'iVIl me
what jiiij m«l'«' of it,''
ill mil 1.-.011 took tha letti-r und read:
"I nave tried to bi4o »uy (liKtronM frum
all w tin kii'ivv me, fJitef urn] »»liaiue liava
kept t))>- ti'om ,: , ... ., i.11. 10 1 ii.. .-.i- who
would have l)>-l|)iu me fur n.. 1 , u . of
tune syuft, I did Dot in. ..11 iii,.i you
should rver lujtiw, bui elnte you huv«
Mm ni« 1 throw myself, upon row mtrty.
"Veu oiite wen kind tu n»§ for my uwn
-'••' "< kind to me now for (he « .. k .- ..[
¦notber who i» very dc«r to hip.
"1 am »:¦¦¦' away. For reasons thsi
I inty pot rxjiiiiin to you, but which, be-
Mrvc rtif. nt« iieyood my controU 1 *h».ll
lru\p tny nttlp Imy behind, lit? will bo
all alrnr. Mr. hnn no friend in lh<? worl«l
but lUf mother, nhd yet h'» »=atrty and
weii*brinK demand thai hi» moihei pimti
¦irprrt him. 1 can tell you no mole than
this. It \f fur him thtil 1 btscvli yuur
fricmlEhiii. 1 may not even send him to
you for fen i of InvrraMng the duiiger
which t In r fitrni" him, and in whli h yuu.
too, i7ih !.' tie Involved. 1 niuet e»tn trust
that you will look for niul find him.
v' 1 !'. you will not fail me, I am pure.
IPtt coud God would have brought us fare
n nice fip.iin at this time for no other
iiafoii. 1 was In th<? depths of deapalr
when this hop' came to me. There Is no
one else to whom I may trust him. Vv
pood to him. as you hope that God will
lie good to you.
"Do not seek to know more of me, and
do not question him. And if his unhappy
mother should never return to claim him,
think as kindly as you can of BESS."
Captain J^avis had assumed his iavorlte
nttitudf at th<« window, with his feet
on the sill and staring moodliy into the
plasa. "What do you make of it?" he
asked.
Henderison replied with another ques
tion. "What do you make of that threat
of danper to the boy?" . .
"1 don't understand It at all. Who
would want to Injure him?"
"If Fhe is a tsenKlble woman— one not
plven to lmaplnlnjj thlnps, 1 mean— ff she
really fr-e.lw what she has written here, I
can think of dancer to the boy from two
sources. Two pood reason* why the
mlpht wi«h to pet far away from him."
"You mean?"
"Goodwin, for one. His reputation
would warrant her In attributing: any and
all norts of meantves* to him."
**ikv.ave been forbidden to mention
th**.*" HeoderBon nald. :
Both men vu\ utarlnp acrosn at the bar
racks, and for a time neither rpoke. Then
something r«upht the captain's eye, and
be rat boll uprlpht. pointing at n little
cloud of <)ii*t that fpurted from the cen
ter of the Fqtiare. And on the inxtant the
far-off crack of a rlflp camp to them.
"What <Wn that menn?" he «hi:«d. and
<*ven ar be ?pok«» another little cloud of
dun srofe !n front of the harra"ks. and
th* trooper* ran to cover ait a necond re
port «¦»» carried down the wind.
"That:" cried Henderson. KprlnplnR up.
th«» fire of battle llpMlng In hlb eyes.
"That is MlFter Homer making good!"
¦Olv? me juft ¦ minute. Henderson. "
T>. captain tore th«> covering from hU
tXter. "It I* from her." he said, then
1.. .. to the doorway, where the light
was -better.' to rend It. Henderson f*ui
(led that he knew why the captain turned
hit* back upon him.
-wll. Hie parron i.tates the case com
jilrt«-ly in a phraM». He gsys of him Ihut
H^'s hrll-born and doing the devll'3
work.' "
Goodwin aprees perfectly with my own
that he i? a* uno>K'rab)«» a piece of brlc
a-brar &* you could fln<l In a year's travel.
ii«- - != ba«l to the cor*, with a trmptr that
(Continued. Next W'ssk.*
barn, waiting for you to tet through
loading."
"Honest?" Brockman asked, with mock
seriousness. "You ain't a-decelvlngr of
me? Think what a terrible shock It would
be for me to come homo some day and
find you bogged down with red liquor, or
ii-making love to the cook, or a-threaten-
Ing to phoot up the ranch. Think how
I'd suffer, and me so young and unused
to them things, PromUft ma that you'll
keep away from the whisky shops out
there on the range, end .that you won't
?hoot my happy home up none whatever,"
"l.f»f>k! He> got duw*), and he'*, aim
ing th«» gun this way," the bey exclaimed,
pnintlng ehrad at llorner and Ignoring
Hrwkmann nonsensical talk In hli fix
clteinfiit at what was taking plaee,
"V*s, »ir, there he goe*. f racking 'loose
all right enough," Sroukman said an a.
puff fif mti, .up arose from the «pet whert*
) turner had dismounted on the ittdfehtll
overlooking the post. "Hounds like &
•mall cannon, doewn't H? He 1 * ft'Bhoot
ing them long bunalo earitldgeB, 1 reck
on. There ftopn number two," as a *ce
ond report reached them. "Now, if them
troopcTB takn to ehootlng back, we're itke
to find .mrs,'l\.:< In n hot ole pickle." '
lie leaned out over tho Bide bo as to
be able to ecu buck into the post. "DIepsed
If they ain't nil running to cover!" he
cried In surprise. "No, Blr. Not all of
them. There's a chap making a break
for the picket-line to get his horBe. Bhol
as another shot cams from up the hill.
"That fellow's given It up, too. Reckon
I was wrong, my maverick. They nin't
coming back at him a bit He's got 'cm
all housed up."
There was a clatter of hoofi behind
them in the roadway, and he turned
acain; but the wind was toward them
Potter on his trail. If the Fighting Par
eon doesn't stampede htm, and we get
there in time, you'll see some of the hef
tiest religious doings ever handed out In
these parts."
Two. morn shots were fired from the
tltiehill, and then the fusillade ceased, A
great cloud of dust raised by the gallop*
Ing mules sailed on ahead of them and
shut out from view all that wan happen
ing In that direction; but looking hack
liroclfman saw that the, troope.rn were
hiuiiiiiny and preparing to start In ehaee
of Mr. Herner,
"Reckon the parson has. get down to
business all right enough," Broekman
ehmited In the boy's ears, "If ole llorner
ain't on the mourners' beneh yet, he will
be by the time we get there,"
A minute later he sent the brakebeam
down hard and threw hla weight baek
en the llnee. "There they are, over there
among th«m rocks on the right," he Baitf,
"And durned If l ain't wrong again,
Can't seem to get my beta down right
nohow tiwday. Ole Mister Potter's en the
beneh. Held on to these lines." And he
sprang from the wagon.
lMHgerent Mr. Homer wan lying flat
on hlH back, and kneeling natfide of him,
one hand firmly gripped on the collar of
Hornet's ehlrt and the other brandlBhed
bcrorc his face, was tho fighting parson
tall, slender, bearded mail, dressed as
the ordinary rancher would dross, and
with absolutely nothing: In his appearance
or manner to suggest his profession.
A few yards away thfl parson'B horse
and Homer's were engaged in tho friend
ly eervlce of nibbling the ticks from each
other's necks. Nearby, lay Horner'B car
bine, the barrel broken from the stock,
as the parson had thrown it aside after
help, but It Is we. who must reclaim the
bad. There are the troops. Go on and
leave mo to set tie this matter with them
aa I may.' 1
"Now, there'* a chap," nrockman said
to the boy when they were under way
once more, "there's a chap with too much
nqrva for a parson, He ought to be a
rtiiiKHr— or a Sheriff— that's what; 'stead
ot rustling around mavertoklns sinner*, 1 '
"lifts h& not a brand, tonT" the maver
lok a«Hed, . i .
nrockman stared at htm (or a. momentf
then: "Reckon he has," he said, with a
grin, "Reckon he has, all riRhtj hut they
don't need herding nonei eo what dee* he
do but go a»ruttling 0^ poor old Satan'*
runge, Juit mils In all hie time stealing
ttviiio from that poor ole horned he»devll
what ain't got nothing but a tall to fan
hlaeelf with." :.
A trivial and seemingly .unimportant
thing sometimes has a powerful Influence
upon the destinies of men, The drunken
bravado of Mr, Homer, from nrockman't
point of view, was vastly amusing, but of
nt) vital Importune* either' to the mavef*
lok or to himself. Yet, had it not been
for tho e.onfunlon ctutved by Homer, and
the time consumed- In hunting for htm In
tha hills west of tho town, Captain Unvis
would have been ablo to comply, as he
wns anxlottB to do, with the request made
by the boy's mother and have assumed
charge of. him. What. effect. that change,
would havo had on the boy's career and
how It might have affected * the lives, of
tho boy's mothor and Brockman and oth
ers It Is idle to speculate about. But that
It would, have .been, vital no one who fol
lows their history can doubt. ¦.;.-.
When Captain Davis was free to search
for ', tho boy he , and . llrockman ; were far
PARSON POTTER SHOOK HIM AS A TERHIEU WOULD SHAKE A HAT.
patience- with youl Shall X surrender you
to the vengeance of the nlfirperB you
•tt'UHti, or will you promise again to live
a life of decency? Speak. Which ahull
It be?"
"Jus 1 si' me the gun, and turn looae
your ole niggers!" Homer cried, making
a frantlo effort to rlae.
"Them troopers , are a«comlng up the
hill, parpon," nrookman volunteered,
"They ain't a»g.Qlnff>tQ waste no time with
him when they get here. They'll auro,
convert him Quick,"
"Ay, 1 * natd the, parson, rlnlns. "and vend
him unrepentant 'Into hell I Get up, Her
iter, Mount your herae and , get away
while there li time. Hut remember, 1
claim you for the better ltfl, v\\ nave
you In iplte of yourself, Up 'with you
ami go.', 1 , ;
iu ateoped and helped the drunken
brute in his feet, whiln Broekman led the
(lopurt'Hiiirp horse up to him.
"You're a geofi fellow, all right, par
pun, 11 Humor muttered as he stared about
him, "Out," «p he "saw\- the broken gun,
"you're too tin in i» rIioiib-, you nio. And
—and say, you hurt' my. feeling* a h«ap,
pit i Inn on mo IIH.' that. 'Deed you did."
. "Ay, and I was sorely tempted to hurt'
your fnce, Homer, 1 . 1 'thu pnrson Bald, re«
gretfully. "God forgive me, but I was'
sorely tempted to do the Lord's work 'of
chastising you. Hut go, The troopers will
bo hero In a moment."
','Anrt me with no gun 1" Homer said
ruefully, as ho staggered toward his horBo.
"Me with no gun.". '
"do," tho parson repeated Impatiently.
"Stnco you have, parted company, with
Goodwin and hla hellions there Is some
hope for you. I'll undertake to rhoJUfy
these soldiers, so that you' may return.
'" . • ¦ •'. >(:]*•;;
"Ho turc will," Brockman replied ai he
ehook the lines over the mules and the
«-aeon moved ouL "He'll go down sud-*
dej»Tlke If ever them troopers kick the
Ijoui, 1 1 off and start after him. Lit that
MAVERICK
5
VC" £_ **•** ' j* ' * 'OAKLAND U gfttlnsr extremely
proud of herNelf: The phUitnthronie
i.r r hit* tntrx'ii Into the bonnet* of
her mnld» nnd matron* riml the
amount uf good work that they < l <"
carrying on given Oakland a Him uxcu»a
to hold her iirnii »i t*"'>ii foot higher.
Home women r<,m to be put on this
tflnbci In do ituori. Crrtallily MUh ISUvu*
llHll Hi lie «,,.. JtlNl hUlitii Vii Hi* n|i'i
\hi c|.t in <1 n free Ittmli ¦rjiiiilrii 111 alt old
dUHdltlff t li.it had In I'll llr-n) lie A hUluull
I'tn' diilii'i ImiK for nn iitiimniii' imiiHi"
•nd hi m Inrutlon wJiptp «lib would ho pur*
ruutided by her friend". No, nol vW», ln>
»-u-.,.t flit- wenl into tho quHFtfrs of the
poofppt of OnHlflnd's p(?yr. Third and t'er*
Aim whu i.m ehelosi
Por two yearn "Mlee Llnle," at hep
children lovingly . niir-.i (in, pp#nl her
time. Mrength «nd m^enp leaching the
bub!** and Uny <»««= In that neighbsrhuod.
J'e> by day fehe watched the little tnit..i=
r«p ( .t..i end grow and ehe tried id tnsill
R^i chatty
Those who;.;;
Themselves.
tant feature of this phllanthrnpla «ntab>
Ilshment. In the mother*' elub, There
young wives are trained in domentlo sot>
•noii time nnd time f*gnln "I can't i«&ve
the huby alone" wai the answer given In
response to, urgent Invitations to vlNlc the
•'lull. The management got nround thin
extmiifi nnd, Indeed) It is ii most eMcetlent
on«. by providing 1 it eottnge whore the
I'liiMi.'ii nri given ft™ care during the
session Of the oiub. The praetlenl value
of these meetings has gradually ImpreMed
Itself upon thorn until thera In rarely a
meeting HpHrsnly attnnded.
Tho New Century Club Is not a charita
ble institution and they do not wluh to b«
called such, They claim to bo following
the doctrines of phlUnthropy, and «ome
tliliiu for nothing N not betlsvAd in.
Everything must be paid for to a certain
extent.
There is not much difference In the work
of the Oakland Bodnl Settlement and that
of the New Century Club.
ThV original plan was to make tho
former into a community homo, but Its
purpose Is now more for the good of the
neighborhood children than anything etse.
A tiny girlie seemed, oh. so Important
there. Sho eyed mo atrlnutunt and finally
said:
"Won't you come to my tea-party?"
Most. assuredly I would. As she slipped
her hand into mine she queried:
"How old do you think I am?".
"Four. Naw. I'se. 1'se six yea's old to
day. And say, brother Tom he spinked
me, he did, and I didn't cry, really," and
the tiny tot swelled up with pride.
All this time she wusnearlns u circle
of babies.. With a "you-slt-there" push
she left me ( to get the "party."
> The hostess went about the circle with
wooden plates, and after that, she gave
each and every child a piece of her birth
day cake. Not one offered to touch it
when once fairly well "started in the art
of cookefy.lt becomes ; a hobby, and one
that improves ¦ vaatly • with the riding.
taught. In tact It Is considered by some
a matter of minor importance to know
how to arrange flowers artistically and to
make the most of every stick of furniture.
These people think that the Inner man
would puffer while his eyes were delight
ed, so they advocate a thorough course in
cooking. "".'¦';
Downstairs there Is a large kitchen and
it is fitted up with gas stoves, all kinds
of cooking utensils and • the necessary
dishes. '; Here they are shown" how to cook
vegetables, to coax biscuits into rising
and how to keep all the Juice In the
meats.
-•' Their /teacher, a graduate from the
Philadelphia Normal School, is kept busy
adding new . receipts to . their' list. For
It Is Impossible to hide a, light under a
bushel and Miss I)#tts' deeds found her
out.
Th« love i» dn good needs a spur, It Is
' ttwtyi rr.»irf to follow a bright and ¦hln*
Ing «m ample than It ti to set n. Mill
Uetm' frltnds suddenly diieovtred (hut
her work wm mi r.i.<... ( i,ii,« and Inteinnty
Interentlni, a« Mrs, It, II, Itlee Invited
« inimi.rj of ii"i frinnds in iH'i home one
nfirn.M.iii mid while dlnpthkln* tet ihs
told iiirin t'mi Mnii- spare hours might be
jttijin.A f *i. An orcranleatlon was formed
right then end ttinf mid It has grown
until It In now th« flouriiihlng New <>n
turr Club of Went Oakland.
Krom the one small schoolroom It ha*
grown until the Institution occupies three
Urge buildings.
When I went there 1 Was ushered 'into
the coileftl room Immtinable. Large, Him*
ply furnlKhed, but everything In It wan
Mrlctly In harmony. The carpets wtre
blue, the curtains white with blue dots,
the tea doth and the table cover blue antN
even the wallpaper carried out the Kama
effevt.
Blue and whit* everywhere and all bo
immaculately clean. There was policy In
this apparent madness. The daintiness,
the freshness were there for some pur*
pose. The girls are instructed to make
the home attractive, to keep it in pood
order and to make the most of all email
things
By frequenting the club they are visibly
remlnded^of there things, and after a
time it iJecoroes perfectly natural to want
all things Just so. Water constantly drip
ping? will wear a stone away, you know,
and constant reminders are bound to
make some Impression.
But this Ik by no means all that is
«>t.o uimt ino*e little tfcftniiings that r§*
main wltb ono the whole life long,
Some, of the pupil* are btaemlng very
¦Willful In tho handling of pet* and k«t
tlej-enoiiBh no, at any rftt#i to k«ep tbilr
moth/im on th« deffimlva,
In fMMt, Mm. Wull, ll.n pNllOflnt, lAyil
"Wn RiihiMiiinn to turn out girli nft«r a
ymir'w training who are thoroughly «'»i*'«
iii" of caring for nn, ordinary Hom#. That
Ii imi i i of out' work. 1'JhuIi girl thnt \mn»
out* i'IiiIi i-nriiM |15 ii inunthi tthd ghs h mi
good of better than th« ordlnnry nmld
whu'vliurgea 923 for hnr servkeB."
Nor does the work tmd ttmt'e, either.
jBewing It tniiKiit both by hand nnd by
machine, After tho regular gamplo book
him been finished the pupil 1ettrn» how to
out iind fit and to fully domplete her own
iirthil.m of clothing. The mttterial Is all
that It 'costs her. Oh, yes, the sum of 10
cents Is paid monthly— the prlco of tn«
struct ion. Dusy' mothers have too much
to occupy their tlma to tench their girls
many of these useful things, and they
more than appreciate this course of prac
tical study. -
But this work Is not carried on cxclu-
Blvely among the girls. The boys are
quite as Important. They occupy another
building and have the place virtually to
themselves. The charter members were
seven boys picked up from the streets.
They were the usual typo of chaps that
ilnd school so difficult, labor a bore and
lc/aflng all' that makes life bearable. To
find a place opened for them was a
."cinch." So they fancied. But somebody
*lse, thought otherwise. They discovered
—and by physical ' force— that they could
not run things to suit themselves.'
When the "boy 3 realized that they were
not matters of the situation, perauafilan
helped convince them that It waa to their
uilv.iutiiijn to conduct t li.tmnt-lv.-n prop*
>ily. Now they are wildly enthiDtlantia
About tli*> HOttlrment and are conitantty
i-iiiii'iivuriMK to Improvo and maintain
their part of It,
In the Ihivh 1 room are tablaa, ehalm, a
iiliiim, shelves of bonks nnd numerous
k Hiii-M for their ent«rtuinment (
Th« iiin;ir imy.i meet Monduy evenlnsi
nnd »»njoy H Imok, serited In ft on»y chilli
bofnra a I'heerful fire, Mverythlna In the
room PUBBeBtfi re«t and nomfort, and this
mpttnn much tu the henrt of a buy who
• nth in u factory from early myrnlng un*
til late at night,
The lust, but by no means least tmpor*
until our hoateis had ¦anted herself ami <
tiu'i. iii.-r,. wi i a moMt tremendoua ru »;..
I'i'itti -ii. -i i f..uiii Hiiiiui It no looser.
'rim Utiui.-i c.:i rt.-n n not run by mrlet
rule*. Th.< in it thing in.- i-iiiiiici-ti ..«¦.¦»
t.niKtu. h tiiiit they mult not b« nfruid
nntt i ii.i t iiirv nre nil of vital important*.
It la only whctu u child's ctrmfldtnua 14
full v given th it in i-t •-.! <iiv i.iiiiiiit.
Whllj tlmy nro taught everything thai
i 'ii.i,. . in the ii "Mi uiu.i. i „• H i ••!! eotlFM
lh< \ Mr <l I. -.ii ii to lovn till) plllCO lUlil ih.'lr
I. .ii li"i'.. tt rid tu go th'-r.i an though Hi. y
\u i. going out In pUy,
After thu lilrlliii.iv f. -Ml nil liiii.n tit
games were |ii.i\..ii unit tu Jingling tuue«,
Wliil.i the v . 1 1 1 m rf a i r* t .i thought tlmy war*
having u fin* time. th» t»rt«h«»F» know th<*»,
in. n iv.uu i\,n nrHgrepHlntft >''"•¦ ¦¦>•
game hrts IN awn mUultm to fulfill, 73
.i.ti.-i.-m (ha eye, II train* the hand .»
it ii.if=> with "u'lf", nnd «ii.n» nil u
i<"' !•=> thesg inf.i.H^ .,ff the an»"i = , which
la the very best thing that euuld happen
tO Ulr.HI,
t>ic. O riii 0 .,,ni,i house ii the moit pm>
t t-. t . 1 1 < . i • => himi Oakland i... •-»=.(* of, Mr, and
Mrs, ¦' t AleMandef took an Interest lit
tii" i !>!i. !'•"•) and =">m after a new
thatched home stood on the corner of
Ti.ir-1 and Linden streets.
'Vbr gymnasium, with ltd oTWolnlti* bftth,
is what pleases the boys moat. Hasket*
ball Is vigorously played and match
games with other institutions ar» fre«
fluently held.
A library Just off proves a convenient
cranny for some studious lad to hide him
eelf In, and as there are over five hundred
books and all the magazines he can keep
busy for an Indefinite length of time.
These same bookworms have a debating
society and they adjourn to the business
room and have It out.
This room, by the way. Is built Ilka a
toy theater. The seats are In tiers and
the speaker stands on a small stage. In
fact it Is just the place to hold an ani
mated discussion.
Besides this, the boys have something
useful. Many of them have become qulta
proficient in mat-making and baskets L^g-re
continually leaving the home to ifo 'to
some dealer. The first one made Is the
property of the maker and after that they
are all sold for the benefit of the settle
ment.
Everything and anything that will
amuse the boys Is tried. After a few
months at one thing they tire of It and
U keeps those 'who have the cause at
heart busy thinking of something that
will be a pleasure and a profit.
" The. Bloyd work and plct«re*fram4nj
are both Immensely popular. The mother!
appreciate and encourage as their own
homes often look the better for the boya'
attempts,
And, speaking of the mothers, remind*
me, They have adapted a splendid notion,
Whlli*ehftttlng they new. For Inatanee, if
a new haby la in ne*4 of clothes, all mak*
garments for him, and the burdan in t«»
ken eit tha busy mother's shoulder*
When all the famtlte* nra Nerved up and
Jlmmle und Mania have an ample aupply
m> hund, then* wnrker* do not fold their
hand* and idly gnMlp, n.u,... ..m.» rtadi
ntoud rripi.i ii. nr.w hontt and th« re«t nf
them make HttltM fnr (ihttrttiihln purprtiM,
fur they know full w«u that It wilt ii«
only * imum.h- ..r tlma wh«n a e«|| fur half
will •"• «"in In,
(Iiim nf Him lilch (hat li"I..M fM fA' 11 -'
Yontitr Wnmon'n C!hrl*tl«n AnwduKildrt
hud h niiniii miirtf ,.11. • evening. ,
"Will vi. ii t'I'-iM.. I. ¦-,,¦!, in to MWf" the
fniin»..,| hi m tiny volrt,
"Teach whom to «ew7" wna the qu«»*
ti'ii> ustf'i her.
"Why, tin elrli at th» cotton milli, of
rnuMc," iho MMid In n »\tri>r\**t\ volet.
Everybody ought to know the girts who
worknd there.
And no thn work of tho East End Modal
Battlement commenced. That «uma Ktrl,
now ii woman, hold* « responsible post*
lion with um of Oakland's best flrmit. am]
Flu. firmly gay« that her muccphh dnt«*
from tho day ahe asked for Instruction.
There are numerous cluba connecter!
with th© settlement, but the moat lmpor*
lant unp-4 nro the ktndersurten and th*
boys' "Lend a Hand" Club. • « .
It was organized for th<? Bole purpose
of keeping the boys oft the strerts at
night. They now meet every Monday
night. The first hour Is spent learning
how to manufacture Dimple articles with
knives, the second Is taken uy with a
military drill und the evening Is conclud
ed a-* they see fit.
Not very much is said nbout the good '
work that la carried on acruss the bay.
In fact, If It came right down to It I
doubt If the majority St Oaklanders know
about it themselves. For those who are
Interested in it believe In that fac^ar
but hemely saying, "Let not your jQit
hand know what your left hand doeth."
MADGE MOORE.
whe^e youns and otd *ve
Given instruction of ;
THE SUKDAY CAXiti.
6
OAKLAND PHILANTROPIC
SCHOOLSFrancisco. Not because >e do not ap
"predate voices of that range— for general
ly they are. the most popular— but because
there are so few of them to come. Mrs.
Fisk is to give four recitals here; 'at
. Sherman. Clay &.Co.'s Hali, under the
direction""of Messrs. Bouvier and'Green
,-baum.' . '¦
. •
I to possess -an '- ; intense- .'artistic tempera
ment, broad musical intelligence^ beauty,
of face and physique : and -a -most charm
ing and winning personality. 'Aside trom
her well-nigh endless repertoire of ora
torio and -aria, Madame Fisk has made
extremely popular her ballad recitals in
German, ..French, English and Scotchi 'It
has been many a day since a great con
', tralto has come to give concerts In San
range and, dramatic quality. She 'is, kaid
f'tc. That in itself " should count .for
something. . It, is said that- her voice is
a rare, "combination of.' wonderful ; depth,
SAN FRANCISCO TO HEAR A GREAT CONTRALTO
The septuagenarians are seven in num
ber and. include the King of Saxony, the
King of Sweden and Norway and the Em
peror of Austria, who Is the youngest of
them, and will be 71 In August. Other
venerable members of royal families in
clude the Duke of Cambridge, who will be
S3 in March; his sister, the Grand Duchess
of Mecklenburg-Strelitz. who will be SO in
July; the Queen Dowager of Hanover,
who will be 84 in April : the Princess Ma
thllde, daughter of Jerome Eonaparte,
who will be 82 in May. and oldest of all.
the Ducheste cf Anhalt-Bernburg. who 13
the eldest sister of the King of Denmark,
and will be til in October.
MANY RULERS
OF RIPE AGE
«Tl V 'ANT royal personages will at
f \/\ . tain venerable ages. if they live
A < I to reach their birthdays In th« t
I course of 1902, says the West-'
'-$'¦1- minster Gazette. Among reign
ing sovereigns, the Pope, of course, leads
the list. He will be 92 on March 2. Next
comes the Grand Duke of Luxemburg,
who will be 85 In July, followed closely by
the .King of Denmark, who will be SI in
April; the Grand Duke of Saxe- Weimar,
who will be 84 in June, and the Grand
Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelltz. who will
be S3 in October. Thi3 makes five octo
genarians out of a total of forty rulers
enumerated in the Almanach de Gotha.
" 'This is the story my mother tells me,'
says Sioux Sam, 'to show me the evils of
cur'oslty. 'The Great Sperit allows to
every one the right to aek only bo many
questions,' says my mother, 'an' when
"But. son. as you sees. I don't know
nothin' speshul or much touchin' Injuns,
an' if I'm to dodge the disgrace of ramb
lin* along in this yere desultory way, I
might better shift to a tale I hears Sioux
Sam relate to Doc Peets one night in the
Red Light. This Sam is a Sioux, an' a
mighty decent buck, # conslderin'< he's In-
Jun; Sam is servin' the Great Father, as a
scout with the diag-nal-coat, darby-hat
sharp I mentions. Peets gives this sad
dle-tinted long horn a four-bit piece, an'
he tells this yarn! Shore, it sounds plenty
childish; but you oughter b'ar in mind
them savages, mental, Mn't no bigger nor
older than ten-year-old young-ones among
the palefaces.
Red River like a wounded wild duck, an*
he never does come back no more. :
" 'But the Raven could give the powder
to others. So the Raven gave it in some
deer's meat to his two squaws: an' they
were iwifted till they died; an' when
they would speak they couldn't, for their
teeth were held tight together, an' no
words came out of their mouths— only a
great foam. Then the Raven gave it to
" 'At 'this Sublette gave the Raven some
of the whirlwind that so killed an' twisted
the' twenty young men. It was a powder;
white; an' it had not smell. Subk-tte said,
its taste was hitter; but the Raven mu.st
not taste it or it would lock up his teeth
an' twist an' kill him. For to swallow tho
white powder loosed the whirlwind on
the man's heart an' it bent him an' twist
ed him like the storms among the wil
lows.
" 'Then the Raven an' Sublette had a
big talk. They agreed not to hurt each
other; an' Sublette was to come an' go
an' trade with the Sioux; an' they w'aul.1
never rob him. • '
" 'The Raven missed ¦ his twenty young
men \ an' when he went to spy for them,
behold: they were dead, with their tepch
locked tlgh^t, an' their faces an' bodies
writhen an' twisted,, as the whirlwind
twists the cottonwoods. Then the Raven
thought an' thought; an' he got very
cur'ous to knew why his young men died
so writhen an' twisted. The flre water
had a whirlwind in it, an' the RaVen was
ekger to' hear. So he sent for Sublette.
camp, but drank the fire water where it
was 1 found. • ' . ¦ , . \
to tell him about it. for he was a prophet.
The. Raven asked many questions: they
fell from him like leaves from a tree in
the month of the first ice. So the Gray
Elk called Chee-bee— the Spirit;: an' the
Spirit told the Gray Elk., Then the Gray
Elk told the Raven. !
" 'It^was not a tail, it was blood— star '¦¦
blood; an' the Star had been bit an' was
wounded, but. would get well. The Sun
was the father of the Stars, an' the "Moon
was their mother. The Sun— Gheezis—
tried ever to pursue an' capture an* eat
his children— the Stars. So 'the: Stars ill'
ran an' hid when, the Sun was about.'
But the Stars loved their mother, 'who
was good an' never hurt' them"; an' when
the Sun went to sleep at night an' Coosn-
Kee-wan, the Darkness, shut his eyes, the
Moon an' her children, the Stars, came to
gether to see each -other. But Uie.^Star •
that bled had been caught by the Sun; it ;
got out "of his mouth, but was wounded
Now* it was frightened, so it always kept
its face to where the Sun was sleeping
over in the; west. The bleeding Star—.
Sch-coo-dah — would <- get .welli ; an,' .,ita
wound would heal. / : .
" •Then the- Raven -wanted to know how^
the Gray Elk knew all this. An* the Gray
Elk had the Raven into the medicine lodge
that : night; an' : the* Raven heard -the;
spirits come about, an-, heard their voices;
but he could hot "understand., ; Also] the"
Raven saw a wolf all flre with wings like
the eagle which flew overhead. Also hb.
heard the Thunder— Boom-wa-wa— talking
for he was very cur'ous; an' he thought •
the Gray Elk had two tongues. ¦ . . i
•"'Then it came the. month 'of the first <
young grass, an' Sublette was back for -
furs. Also he brought many good?;; an'-, t
he. gave the Raven more of the powder of *i
the whirlwind in a little box. At once the «'
Raven made "a fedst of ducks for the 1
Gray Elk; an' he gave him of the whirl- '1
wind powder; an' at once his teeth cameV.»
together an' the Gray Elk was twisted ']
till he' died. . . ~. ; ¦ 'V ' '.: ¦ .1
" 'Now no one knew, that the Raven had i
the powder of the whirlwind, so they <
could not tell why all these people .were
twisted an' went to the Great Spirit. But 1
the -Squaw-who-has-dreams saw that It j
was the Raven who killed her husband, 1
the Gray Klk, in a vision. Then the '
Squaw-who T has-dreams went into • the- ]
mountains four days an';, talked ' with -
Moh'-kwa.Vthe.Bear, the ¦ wisest of-, -the 1
beasts. .The*. Bear "said it was the Rayen »
4 \yho^ killed thfr .Gray Elk: a^i", told -'the i
Squaw-who-has-dreams of the powder of
the whirlwind. '-.'-. ' % '.»... r ; , v . «' V : -. - r V. \ '¦'
v " 'Then .the Bear an" jthe Squaw-who-. ,
has-dreams-.made a fire an'; smoked an'
laid a' plot. The Bear, did, not know where,
to -find'-the * powder of the "whirlwind •
which the' Raven always kept in a; secret '
place. jBut-'the Bear told'the.'Squaw-whOr
has-dreairis/triat 'she should'^-'rnarry trie
Raven, an* /watch until she found where .
the pawder of the whirlwind was kept in
its secret place; an' then she was to give
some to the Raven, ah* he, too, would 'be
-"- •. •'¦ ; * - ; ¦ ' • - ,:'¦ ¦- ¦ . ¦ ¦. - * "¦;.-":
w'ho-has-dreams a quart of words as seed
so she might plant them an' raise a crop
of talk to tell the Story-that-never-ends.
An' the Squaw-who-has-dreams planted
the seed-words, an' they grew an' grew
an' she gathered sixteen of talk
an' brought them to her wigwam. After
that she put beads, in her hair, an'- dyed,
her lip's red, an' rubbed red on her/cheeks,
and put on a new blanket; an' when tlie
Raven saw her he ; asked her ,to r marry
him. So they were , wedded; an', the
Squaw-who-has-dreams went to the tepee
of the Raven an* was his wife.
" 'But the Raven was old. an* cunning
like Yah-rhee-kee, the Beaver, an* he said,
"He is, not wise who keeps, a -squaw too
long!" An' with that, he thought he
would kill the Squaw-who-has-dreama the
next day with the powder of tlie whirl
wind. But the Squaw-who-has-dreams
first told the Raven that she hated When
dee-goo, the giant; an* that she should
not lov; the Raven untij he had killed
"THIS SAM IS A SIOUX, AIT A MIGHTY DECENT BUCK, CONSIDERS' HE'S INJUN."
"One evenin', this ajjgravatin' Black
Feather crosses ever an' takes to ha'nt
ln* about Dick Gtocton'c licker room a:
his wont. It looks like Black Feathei
>iac already been buyin' whisKy of one «1
them boot-laig parties who takes every
chance an' goes among the Injun-; aii'
•.ells 'era ncse paint on the Fly. 'Fore
ever he'fiiicws uj» at the l'i>ner Har/g
thief that time, this lilac* Feather shore
getli nose raini zsme'ers an' puts a
"At lafct Bt'jcton gets tired an 1 allows
'ie'11 lay for Elack Feather a lot. This
yere Stocton is a mighty reckless sport;
he ain't earin' much whatever he does
do; he ha tee Injuns and sshotgruns, an'
Iu^es licker, eeven-up an' sin in any
form; them's Stocton's prime character
istics. An', as I relates, he grets plumb
weary of the whisky thievin' Ulack
Feather, an* lays far him.
"Black feather used to crops over to
.¦.here Dick Stocton maintains a store
an' licker house on the Upper Hawgthief.
Of cpurpe no gent sells these Injuns
licker. It's ag'in the law; an' onless you
all is onusual eager to make a trip to
Fort Smith, with a Marshal rldin' hard
on you doorin' said visit, impartin' of
nose paint to aborigines is a good thing
not to do. But Elack Feather, he'd
come over to Dick Stocton' s an' linger
round the bar'ls of Valley Tan an' take a
chanct on st<--al!n' a sniffter or two while
Stocton's bu:-:y.
"Speakin* of Injuns, as I Eu'gestp, I
never does see over-much of 'em in
Wolfvllle. An' n.y earlier experiences
ain't thronged with 'em that a-wgy
neither though while I'm workin' cattle
along the Red River, I does carom on
Injuns more or less. Thar's one hostile
I recalls epeshul; he's a fool Injun called
Black Feather; Choctaw. he is. This yere
Black Feather's weakness is fire water;
he thinks more of it than some folks
does of religion.
"For myee'f, I likes old Jeffords, an'
considers him a pleasin' conundrum.
About tenth drink time, he'd take a cha'r
an' go camp by himse'f in a far corner an'
warole hymns. Many a time, as I files
away my nose paint in the Oriental, have
I been regaled with—
Jeeus, lover of my soul,
Let in* to thy boeom fly,
While the nearer watera roll,
While the tempest etill Is hl?h.
a«- emanatin 1 from Jeffords where he's
ra'red back all alone conductin' some
personal services. Folks never goes but
tin' In, interferin' with these yere con
certs; which it's a heap cheaper to let
him sing.
"Thar's oM pent Jeffords: he's that sort.
Old Jeffords lives with the Apaches: he's
found am<">ng 'cm when Gen'ral Crook—
the old Gray Fox— an' civilization that
a-way comes into Arizona, arm in arm.
I used lo note old Jeffords hibernatin'
about the Oriental over in Tucson. I
shore reckons he's procrastinatin' about
thar yet if the Great Sperit ain't called
him in. As I says, old Jeffords is that
long among them Apaches back in Co
chise's time, the mem'ry of man don't
run none to the contrary. An' yet no gent
ever sees old Jeffords wearin' anything
more savage than a long-tail black sur
toot an' one of them stovepipe hats. Is
Jeffords dangerous? No. you-all couldn't
call him a distinct peril: still, folks who
goes devotin* themse'fs to Etirrin' Jef
fords up, Jest to see if he's alive, gets
disastrous action. He has long gray hair
an' a targled white beard half way down
his front; an' with that old plug hat an'
long black coat, he's a fight to frighten
children an" sour milk! Still, Jeffords is
all right. As long as towerists an' other
Inquisitif people don't go pesterln* Jef
fords, he shore lets 'em alone. Otherwise,
you might as well be up the same eap-
Iln* with a cinnamon b'ar: which you'd
shore hear something: drop a whole lot!
"Speakin' of what's opposite in folks. 1
one time an' ag'in sees two white chiefs
of *couts pirootin" into Wolfville from the
P'ork. Each has mebby a score of Injuns
at his heels who pertains to him personal.
One of thcFe yere scout chiefs is all buck
skins, fringes, beads an' feathers from
y'cars to hocks, while t'other rots garbed
in a Etfff hat with a littje Jimcrow rim
one of them kind you deeriom'nates as a
darby— an' a diag'nal overcoat; one chief
looks like a dime novel on a spree, an'
t'other as much like the far East as he
Kav-.-ys how. An' yet. son. this yere voy
lent person in buckskins if a Second Loo
tenar.t—a mere boy. he Is— from 'West
Pint: while that outcast in the reedic'
lous hat is foaled on tho plains an' never
does po that clost to the risin' sun as to
plirr.pse the old Missouri. This last form
of maverick bursts frequent into Western
bloom; it's t^cir ambition, that a-way. to
deloode you into deemin' 'em fresh from
the States as one of them tomattcr air
tights.
"Nacherally, 1 makes no doubt, if you
goes clopt to Injuns nn' studies their little
game, you finds some of 'em good nn'
Borne indifferent. Fame as you finds
among fhore enough folks. It's po with
mules an' broncos; wherefore then may
not these yere differences exist amnns
said Injuns? Come squar to the turn,
you-all finds wlfite folks separated oft th«:
tr.me. Seme gents follows off one wagon
track, an' some another; some even
makes a new trail.
WHICH you-all Is out to hear
of Injuns, son," observed the
Old Cattleman doubtfully,
"the beat I can do Is shrt my
eyes an' push along rejjyardlens, like
a cayouae in a utorm of snow. But
I don't guarantee no fact*; none
whatever! I never does bend my
re'f to severe study of them savages, afl'
what notions I packs about concernln'
•'cm is the casooal frootes of what I ac
cidental hears an' what I sees. It's only
now an' then. aa.I observes former, that
Injuna Jnvadea Wolfvllle: an* when they
does, we-all scowla >m outen camp— aort
o' make* a sour front, so as to break 'em
early of them habits of vieltin' us. We
shore don't hone none to have >m hnn
kerin' 'round.
1 "lyrlcht. 1002, by Jlobnt Howard Ru«*ell.
HOW THE
"When Sioux Sam gets this far," con
cluded the Old Cattleman, "he says, 'an*
my mother's words at the end were: "An*
boys who ask too many questions will die
¦js did the Raven, whose cur'osity waa
even greater than his cruelty r" "
" 'When the Raven was dead the
Squaw-who-has-dreams went to the secret
place an' threw the powder of the whirl
wind .into the Big Muddy; an' after that
she distributed her fourteen bundles of
talk that were left among all the Sioux,
so that everybody could tell how glad he
felt because the' Raven was twisted and
died. Sb^.tar a week there was nothing
t)Qt ¦ happiness an' big talk among the
Sioux; an* Moh-kwa, the Bear, came
laughing Cut offfals canyon with the won
_der of listening- to it; while the Squaw-
" who-has-drpams now, when her reveng*
was dene, went with when-dee- goo, ih»
Giant, to his fepee and became his
squaw. So now everything was ended
save the Story-that-never-ends."
i " 'When the Raven has eaten the
Squaw-who-has-^lreami went out of the
tepee among the people an' called all the
Sioux to come an' see the Raven die. So
the Sioux came gladly an' the Raven was
twistad an' writhen with the powder of
the whirlwind wrenching at his heart;
an" his. teeth were tight like a trap; an*
no words," but' only foam, came from his
mouth; an' at last the Spirit— the Chee
bee—was twisted out of the Raven; an"
the Squawjwho-has-dreams was revenged
for the death of the Gray Elk whom she
loved, an' who always called her Kee
nee-moo-sha—the Sweetheart, because it
made h^r laugh.
" 'When the Raven was asleep the
Squaw-who-has-dreams went also- herself
to the secret place an' got also a little of
the powder of the whirlwind. An' the
next morning she arose early an' gave
the powder of the whirlwind to the Ra
ven on the roast buffalo— the Pez-hee
kee — which was his food.
nevcr-ends until the Giant was dead; nor
would she show to a man who did not
love her the great treasure of fire water
which Moh-kwa, the Bear, had found.
At this the Raven, who was hot to have
the treasure of flro water, an 1 whose eara
rang -with cur'oslty to hear the end of the
Story-that-never-ends. aa-w that he must
kill the Giant. Therefore when the
Squaw-who-has-dreams had ceased to sob
an* revile him. an' was gone as he thought
asleep, the Raven went to his secret place
where he kept the powder of the whirl
wind an' took a little an' wrapped it in a
leaf an' hid the leaf in the braids of his
lone hair. Then the Raven went to sleep.
" 'Then the Squaw-who-has-dreams
would tell no more that night, while th«
Raven eat his fingers with cur'oslty. But
he ma/Je up a new plan not to twist the
Squaw-who-has-dreams until she showed
him the treasure of fire water an' told
him the end of the Story-tha't-never-endd
On her part, however, the Squaw-who
has-dreams as she went to sleep wept
an" tore the' beads from her hair, an' saia
the Raven did not love her* for he had not
killed the Giant as he promised. She said
she would tell no more of the Story-that-
•• 'Then the Squaw-who-has-dreams told
the Raven the first of the Story-that
never-«nda, an' used up* one bundle of
talk; an' when the story 'ended for that
night the .'-JQquaw-who-haa-dreams was
saying: '.'An v so, out of trw lake that was
red as tn*«utictime a great fish that was
KH-fn with yellow wings, an' it walkod
ulso with feet, an' It came up to me an'
said: "But ihen she would tell no more
that night; nor could the Raven who was
crazy with .cur'oslty prevail on her.' I;
must now sleep an' dream what thd
greeh fish with the yellow wings said."
was the reply of • the Squaw-who-has
dreams; an' she pretended to slumber. So
the Raven, because he as cur'ous, put off
her death. ;,,
" 'AH night she. watched, but the Raven
did not go to the aectet place where he
had hidden the powder of the whirlwind.
Nor' the next day, when the sun went
down, did the Raven kill the. Giant. But
the Squaw-who-has-dreams took up again
the Story-that-never-ends an' told what
the green fish with the yellow wings sold;
an'> she used up a second bundle of talk.
When she closed for that time the Squaw
who-has-dreama was saying: "An' as night
fell Moh-kwa, the Bear, called to me from
his canyon an* said for me to qome an'
he would show me where tho great
treasure of fire water was burled for you,
who are the Raven. .So I went Into the
canyon, an' Moh-kwa, the Bear, took me
by the hand an' led me to the treasure
of fire water, which was greater an' rich
er than was ever seen by any Sioux."
When-dee-goo. She knew the Giant wu
too big an' strong for the Raven to kill
with his lance, an' that he must get his
powder of .the. whirlwind; she would
watch him an' learn its secret place. The
Raven said he would kill the Giant as
the sun went down n>fxt day.
whole quart of it at least away in the
shade; an' he exhibits the symptoms.
Which for one thing, he feels about four
stories tall!
"Stocton sets a trap for Black Feather.
Ho fills up the tin cup he draws that Val
ley Tan In with coaloll— karoseen you-all
calls It— on 1 leaves It.temptln* like settin'
on top a whisky bar'I. 8hore! It's the
first thing Black Feather notes. He sees
his chance, an" grabs an' downs the karo
necn: an" Stocton sort o' startln' for him,
this yere Block Feather gulps her down
plumb swift. The next second he cut*
loose the yell of that year, burns up about
ten acres of land, an' starts for Red
River. No, I don't know whether that
karosren hurts him none or not; he Jest
nachcraily goes squatterln' across the old
they aek one more than is their right,
they die.'
" 'This is the 'story of the fate of Kaw-
Icaw-chee, the Haven, a Sioux chief, who
died long ago, my mother told me. Tho
Raven died because he anked too mnny
questions an' wns too cur'ous. It began
when Sublet te, who wan a trader, chitm
up tho Mltehl-scoor-ran-thfl IMk i.Muddy,
an' wn« robbed by tho Raven's, pcoplo.
Sublette wn* mud nt this, an' said next
time he would bring the Sioux a present
so they would not rob him. So he brought
a llttlp cask of flro water an 1 left it on
the bank of the Big Muddy. Then
Sublette went nwny, an' twenty, of the
Raven's young men found the little cask.
But they were greedy an' did. hot tell tho
others that he did not love; they were
twisted an' died. At last there wita no
more of the powder of the whirlwind; the
Uiiven must wait till Sublette came up
the Big-Muddy again an* brought him
more. ;.'.v
" 'There was a man, the. Gray. Elk, who
was of the Raven's people. The Gray Elk
was a Choo-ayk-eed— n great prophet.
And the Gray Klk had a wife; she was
wise an' beautiful, an' her name was The
Squaw-who-has-dreams. But Gray Elk
called her Kee-nee-moo-sha— the Sweet
heart. «
.'"While th« Raven waited for Subletto
to bring him more powder of the whirl
wind a ntar with a long tall came into
the nky. This star, with the tall made the
Raven very cur'ous. He asked Gray, Elk
with the Gray ElkT but. the Raven could
n't understand. '¦•"•The Gray Elk told the
Raven ;to draw his knife an' stab with it
in the outside the medicine lodge. An'
when ; he did the Raven's blade an' hand
came back covered with blood. Still the
Raven', wa« cur'bus, an' kept askln' to be
told how the Gray Klk knew these things
An; the Gray Elk at last took the Raven
to the great bachelor Sycamore that lived
alone, an'asked the Ravetulf the bachelor
Sycamore win growing. An' the Raven
said it was. . Then the Gray Elk asked
him how;- he knew It was growing. •. An'
the Raven said he didn't know;. Th<*n the
Gray Elk said he did. not know how he
knew about Bch-coo-dah, th« Star that
was bit. This made the Raven angry,
twisted an' die. There was a great dan
ger, though, the Raven would, after the
one day when they were wedded, want to
kill the Squaw-who-has-dreams.' So ¦ to
protect her, .the Bear told her she must
begin to tell to him the moment she waa
married to the Raven the Story-that
never-e'nde. .Then, he-cause tho Raven
was more cur'oue than even | he ! was
cruel, he would put off an' put off giving
the powder of the' whirlwind to tho
Squaw'-who-haa-dreams, hoping to hear
the end of tho Story-thnt-never-ends.
Meanwhile the 8'iuaw-who-hnn-drcnms
wan to watch the Riven until she found
the powder of the whirlwind In its secret
place.
" 'Then the wise Bear gave the Bquaw-
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(~y AN FRANCISCO is soon to hear a
X^v new contralto — n^P ordinary con-
L. >rJ / tralto, but one that a large part
of the United States has said can
not be equaled the whole world over.
This new songbird, or at least new
to us of the Pacific Coast, is Katharine
Fisk. She appeared jointly with Madame
Nordica a few.weks ago at a song festi
val in St.' Louis— the festival was a great
success, not. only ¦ because of the voice
¦¦•-.... ' ¦ . ¦ • •
of the Irresistible Nordica, but on- ac- .
count of the rich, wonderful tones of the
contralto. Before this, Madame Fisk had
completed engagements with the leading
orchestras and oratorio societies of this
country. Moreover, she has appeared as
the leading soloist of the London Phil
harmonic, Richter, Colonne, Crystal Pal
ace, • Patti concerts,* Scottish Orchestra,
!
7THE SUNDAY. CALL.
8no_textsomehow, though, nofflnecRnttell exactly
wby,"* lingerie ¦»How* -^through ytha^gown
thhv yam 1 ,,; Yntif rnn H«ll-nny .Woman can
tell— upon r',lnsp8otipn; cjust t> bow; .vwoll
dressed' iinotfii-r 'womnn Is unrtrtr
neath her gown, and this without iia
munh iih tho hoisting of a. pklrt braid.
Hut In aplte of the fnot that It will rost
soniHihlng to prncur<» her uudarweur, and
RgiflHt den| nun, i jo buy h«i' drewseH, nnd
ec tan, gowns, her uhlrt wnistMi hrn* hntn,
nnd her Illllnn, Mm btida of 15HN(ar looka
forwBrd to fining to Mm iill«r di'BMSfii not
Ilk* (lift lilvl,, \ m < aim|i||pHy, luil Ilka ths
pniidlftpl nf mniMnA'd* iiowprs. No fussy
«ra hep brldni robps. but very costly, and
from tli« crnwi) or her slinpply liend,
whPnre Uune,* o vpll of rpnl Inre, tn tho
tips of h«*v firatiy jnep, wherp gllstan
jipHi-Mlpped silpiiere, there will he nieiiey
IBBnii
tfrom th a ff§§t Up,
In begin at dm f PP t n nd go tip, the
white BHtin wiipp§p ih vpry Blyllsh «nd is
fp^H with neflci km well as rhliipnioua cm.
hroldpry, Vphi'Im tnmui Ipitrn Htn1 It Im not
ootiHlflerert tailtp Kip ihlna tnv H.lifldo lo
irmid <h» irldHi t ,\n\,> in hllini*r» Unit are
so synihollr'iii o f wpnplns, Mo h fnw bril
liant rlilitPNtniiPM flrn WdHllpred thfotmh
tin* ttPftrlH nnd a IIMIp . bHdn.1 bell Ih etn«
l»t olOet'riU In hIIIi tipoti thtt- top.
t'l'lurtl BttpeiKlHUiiiH nrp npt?n thrnugh
nil thn finery of ifiH linetpr. tine of tho
hloHt. K.Xfiui&lte Wi?t1flln« iifPHBffi, olid lit*
tPiidnd for n l'hrlti brldf. Is llnfid not with
whltn but with bliiu. Tho gown Is ft de
lightful thing In white pnnno Bntln, so
whllo ns to be dusky In.lts folds. It fairly
shimmers, .and Its- high luster Is Its great
est beauty, the feature that makes It so
costly.
The. lining throughout Is of blue, the
Hlmil'i known as true blue, except around
the IVjot whoro for a depth of eight
ever bestowed upon any gown and th«
tuut tlmt wumen ot fasnion .imi wo.inng it
is prout thai it is not only incoming i>ut
tnpii it Iiiihu us own,
, \\ Is by no means part of tha bridal
talk, but It can be told tbnt at Miaa
ltooHovelt's recent dinner no |t<»a than m*
of the yuung women who seuted them
«elv«s at th« tnbta wbre laco boleros in
one fashion or another. Ml*» DnUy Utter,
whose taste In drrss Is so exquisite, wore
one with no morn than arm holes. It
wns like n de«p sullor collar of laco. cut
J»w«y in front, but provided with hu«
Sallnr coli WB " • quare llk * •
MIm Itoosevelt herself wore one with a
long pointed front, while, the hack was cut
pol.ited Also.- The Count*** Casislnl. whise.
12) lv i :is . ft . r * mifVflJs of Prnnch art, wore m
? wn * r }fn«n*-d with an Kton effect of Inct,
" W'"'!". thing with Ince In the back
"nilu" 1^" 1 , 1 " ! hfl fr «"iV '»'be fact thnt so
1 -ii .1°" ln l1 " nn wltl( t»ese lnr-p trlfirs
i :ii!'.ti mn r i \ nr * llm '" 1 t I" their favor.
i,h i , f.'" 111 bolero will be worn by the
rim«, c^ SKtt'fi Th0 "boulders will be
iv « V '"J' U " nfl the rron t »"•• back
bo era to look P r «clsely like a
Flowers for tho Hair
2u»}?Hmf a . tMtt f' t Cllll * !l1 th " Mikado In the
A<-?.nr,iiH^ )m .rr 1° c^ mts '» wlth Ka»'"r.
nrrinB,»!i'hi^ hl t r . ttfhl »n ">© nr>wers ar«
of on top. -H" . r nt «'" (l11 » |l " < Instead
•.J^n'Ji'J'n wrPat n^r % orang« blnnsom*.
wpd Mnm v.i r ? n «»"1 used to. hold the
worn and rJ.-ri n i plac "' wlll-alwaya,, bo
worn ana there !»• «ornet hlnir nbmit \tn
conventionality that !» Vttt rurtlv" 'It I *
ylng flat upon the top ,,f her head hVr
MriuantVffBot of th.ma e«J "\™u \wt» was
so ImpiBBBod up.in Mia nudlanoa Jhut i «
mHrrlitgeabla portion of |i haatenid , ff "
copy t iim orPHSloii mada It po B a bla o d
so, Many weddings thera hnva be«n LlnVa
then nnd nt mniiy nf tham tha brida hid
rire»afi.t her hair In thtN lovalv y»kad I
fflshlon^for lovely it pertalnly wuw *««'>
Orange hlosmiins, l-Janter HfieH, \\\\ en 0 »
th<» valley, wh«tpv«ir they nmy Vi« arl
grouped over n.« *$», '. '""' ""< ftM
, Th« eonvptillonni »iy|« of hnlp.fireaslna
for the torl.irt Id -nna that nrei«rv7n i"r
lipnrt np P p «rly iih possible In tN tmtur«i
outline, "in nn r mutt bd twiataj i.V,,d«
to i tha hem\ .,i..i hrnl.1r.rf «r rXVfcT
Th« vpII drnoprt tha hr. rt fj nnd It (h not
booming to show knots nr „ hitfh rolfftifr..
Nothing iigllpr thrttt (Iip fy.'hrtitnot i » iVr
the wc«1dlh« vpII ftml.i be Immrlned,' hVph
whpm thp vpII Is to br. .'rtiiaht on tou by
ontngd blownttirt ihrj knot in low. *
Draping the Veil.
In New York there Is a v»ry pr«?ttv
young woman who nets us a prVfeHBionn!
yell draper. Hhe K o*8 from house tr
hotiBo, when weddings «re plenty, often
draping six In n day. If the wedding •
at high noon she. arrives early, drnpen
the veil and passes on to her nt>xt patron
Her styles ar« obtained from Paris, from
London, from Vienna and from the most
prominent of. the dress designers.
Here Is one of the latest modes, told In
her own language:
"I take. the veil, which, to be perfectly
TITK f?UM)AY CALL;
10
What She Will Waav, now
Bhi WIM W«^r ill »nrt tho
U»yi»4 fiiul tt"#i' '"flllMititfttti*!
.^ftii-Tipijeit tliit»ptrf, Whi
ll'pi'lMIll Hl^ l**W#if IW
|)HiV«nunt« In W-imi fiiBtuaH'i
a^rtllit -KuitiUli BHilfrt itHil
Tlteli £mniiin mut; i\in«ilditn
ihlrtm mitt Thaii'IJunrtvtn^
Mlflli Moltotl'rtTnniMMlll Mlfli
llny'g Yr«uwimu f «lttUcl thy
Ti-Duiis«!tu» of Olltir Vomu.
Women Whu An How Turned
Into Oruvt AUtQSltivoraua
Jltttruni.
current, must Im « wiB« pl«t« el ac«
i-.i-k-i • .I mm M •¦l-'iiii" ,-..ii-i,, I .¦¦.
miuulit nu iiimi «i mi. i tntvM yania
lung and nut lean tnnti twi y*»»'us wiU'i.
A peitet'tly aiiutirtt im^A woa worn ny
the young, i mi. n. -• « nt v,. .i nun it. r (tun
Miss ai i » vuu wim liilu ...ih-h- Uottt
w»;r« ol vpry ilnj> point i n ¦> witit tno hand
sumest nf i-ii ¦¦ i...i i. i =. All In une piece.
"With tho veil In my i. .in. i >. I hold not
my aim-, at imi i. UL.I h .in, i ... iii, ,'¦• my
hand*. The bride walk* tfi unilfr I ho vml
as nil. i,m n Kinopy, wpich Is gi'aduttlly
lnwered upon imi Ill-nib ' ' '"" •'" ll '"" •'
hang down Inngi-r Jh.in tho other and thn
front edge mint j(m i..nt tuiou her hair,
not <iuite i..u> iiini« nef rnrahi-ud. Thn i..i. ii
I allow tn till in.iln. l'l..» - 1 ¦ 1 . ¦ » I +', i iiin
upon thn sIppvpb of the > wedding gown to
Keep the Vt>ll from dinnplng toward tha
"The veil Is then pinned to tha top oi
the coiffure nnd Ix pinned aguln upon the
cnlffurp nt the . .ii <, with tnvlHlhln pins.
"If the rl"W. i . are natural •«" \ nnd If
I . minor remnlr* i«i fuptan them lt» lh»
b»lr I Indicate th« spot where thay phnuld
vent and imMn. r inmn onn upon how t9
Ei a-" tii'-in Then my wtirk Is done, This,
eeldes heins |h» n«we«t rortn of arrang'
ln> tha v«ll, In Also th<t* simplest,
r Ther* Is nothing to IGex^'Pt the hang
ing ©f the tape over th« hend In inn-h a
manner th'nt U will fair at the bn^k nnrt
at each side while* the front Just escape*
tho frtrfihrnii."
Tho llrlr! "I Dounuot
Th# shower I.Mi|i|imi li flm mm thrtt Is
to b# rnrrled. This Is mmto, If on« would
malt# It nt home, by ftrmintnir thn flow«rs
Into * hand bouriU4t. rntitnl unit Urga
• nnuph tn Inol* wpII. Th«' hrldul bnuqiiiJt
should never be ton larf* or It will glvn
the bride nn awkward npflPHrnnr*.
Around the stems pt the (Inwern th«r«
Is tied a white satin flolmn, whlrh In
iooned Into lung bow knot* and hanging
en.lv Upon these ends tnnfe are tfed lit
tle bunches of ftnwprq. 'nil hanging at
different lengths, ortnln nf Mi» ahower
hmintiPta hav« ten or a dozen hanging
tiiiii.i Hi-is; other* h.iv.- Wirflr- or four, ft
Is nil a matter of tunte. A, tnll brld« can
curry off more of tha Ranging bunches
Mi. ui ran a short one.
The spring flower for weddings Is thn
Illy of the \.ill.-v. The orchi-l lonka w«l|
with ilil ¦¦, nnrl thn two nresomettmea cam*
lili!,-,|. The ICaMter Illy Is ConittdereiJ too
prlff a flower for the tlatt«r brlda and
thp cnlla I* too cold unit stately. The Illy
of the valley, sweet and pure, h.n the)
approval of fashion.
For some reason th« violet has never
been a popular bridal flijwer. In spite o£
mani' attempts to mako It so. Th« Coun-
Iqm d« Cast«llane dextred to carry a
bunch of vloleta to th* .altnr, but was
dissuaded, and Mrs. Frank uoulri, tho
most recent of the (loulii nrM"*a. wan not
Mllownl to eurry out hTtpt»» wished in
thn matter. Tin- nomtirf time* •>{ th«
purplp • 1 1 iv a sad ntii,'4estiveti«s* that
is prohibitive.
whlto r. ,*>«¦*, If Hi' v be of the June vi
rlety, nm good nnd Mi« 'new pal* rose
nm « Into which ih" ginknerti nave sue*
<• I'.i In coaxing thn rnsa*are good, n*
nr* th#> pnli» yellow ros^s. liat tha de*p
i, .1.1 are tint r.n ri.-it, even*, though tho
grepn |paj-«a may dp.
A dcrloprily novel shower nouauet of
ltlles of the vnllpy wng mj'l»- i,v tying
white ribbon nround no lens than forty
little I in n. ii. ¦•» of vnlley Illlts. ''Toe«e were
nil except six tlnd with a white ribbon, so
as to look 1 1 K •• l>lg Douqu4t. After
tha wpddlng rcru-ptlon the-rtbtmn that
bound them wu« cut and th#>Uttlo bou
queta distributed.
The BrldesmaicJs.
plrturfu Mm brl«lcirm«ilcl» at a. w«d
ilmsr in.iU vi y clmrmfng. but. In r«at llf«
tlitcy ganerftUy look vwrjf dowdy. prlntmlJ
•tuacrlptlona to tha contfury not-^
withstanding 1 . ,.
To mi'KP an attractive brlilal party ths
rnalil.. ...ln.nl. I titt v, ¦!,¦,•(.¦, I not fur fh.'ir
iiprsoniil Miiftlltlex, hut for their i<-..u -,.
They uhoiilil li" of jfr;uliiiit«(t ii«i«hr«i,
«r»i1 Hh.ailil cnrtHpnnil In style. Th«y
ehinilrl h" at... hi nf -in iigri and heaiitlful.
A rertHln KtigllMh brlda of great charm
rrputml » H^iiHatlnn and no little huart
lniriiintfH hy hm 1 »«lt!i'i|iin nf mnliia. t'ut
tins iltait I.'M iiwii |..t...im.iI .I,,. i lifetime
fllMlllls «||H HHleClK.I III.- |,M-ltl.;-,l g\\\* I,,
I : nn 1 1 < 1 1 .-... i.n When hIih u, iii in Hi..
Hllar «h« w»» fnlhiwutl hy u inrtld of
It ¦ i M ¦ •!- 'Ih. M .mi.- -U In i.l. -->«¦¦ -||. t.-., w.ll! v -
Iritf two nrnl two, (ha f)r*t «hnrt Hint
hlun«1, »h« bbi'iimiI poupia infl<iinm««il4Pit
mut brunt<ttH: ihnn e«in« two vary t»li
nod i.iy :-iiimi,ii,m, iii.iii.ifn All »v..i.. pi,
lilt" II iM tlf <il' .'I Hliltt, nil < llllr.l ftitW
*v murff*. oil wni-fl »r»»ln», nmi nil » f -,.i
.ii. .--.¦. i In pink. Miu'h n h»tnt1siim« fft.it-
In Wl tiff flfVPI* Wtt» urtPII
At rtiiritliPi* wxttillntf thorn wrni a start.
H nu I'nntrw^fi Thn i. . i. u^iim !.!=i f*tj-otfu|pfi
to, unmo ihln, (tth^rM fnti tall nnci nhnrt.
pretty »u«i u«ly, mm tht» cam hrtpppn«,i t«
b^.lfipy I'imip, fnr'ihn lirlrtn ciiriMtt thrirtw
!tl^S,rtfeff^^ http ! n " t^ s JF
At thrt rnmluff wp<1Jin«ra It wilt be thit
vmtjp to firpsi. Hip mTili1» In rn«tut«*. At
••tip till will wpnr Jiinrphlnp itnwnw. Inw
nprke.l find *hr.rt slrpvprl with li.n.. jae
kptB nf Ifjrp, At rtnothfr thp exnguerr fit
low altniilrtpr styW. will \m followprl. Thn
phriuldern cotnn «li»wn long and aloplna
nnd thn «1ppp lace Tudor collar falls £ver
ih« shoulders. '
tVhe coat and v#.st fnshlon la p»rhao!i .
the BMttlent. Mttln hclted Etons. tlou««.» 1
In front and opening with wklo river*
will show , vests of white lace. Th»
slpe.ves will b#j very wlit« onps with Im
menMfl bells at the wrist. Undnr slPever
of white lace will fall over the handa.
inehri there It n double ruchtng of white
chirion nnd luce. The blue does not show,
but it Is nut Intended that It should, for
It im there i'.iiy fur ••¦ .iiu.im'* MAke.
A brnlni gown, now nenrlng cnnipifttlcirt
nnd iilni on dully i,y ti pretty mtulol In a
Fjfth-uvciiup rHtnlilmlirnnot. Is In whlta
(iiitlti, linn f'livnrlh' lu'lihil tnuterlnl, with
Hit' w 1 1 1 1 « ¦ nhiniiiiu a very iiiti" tuwuru
nllvrr >;iK>', Veil would not ¦iii.iiii'.'t It. of
owning itiii'h a trait <IUI you nm nttcntpt
Uf^oomoure It-. with that nhiiri« «>f whltu
'knbwn-ns*"d«ad," thon you wnuid W th<j
dllTPrrru'o butwci-n 'riutta whlto arid gruy
white, ****••
ThlH gown, which Is, Irjdoe.d/ • t fer'-an
Krister lnlili', onn whose name will a few
days hence till Mm noclety JournulH with
accounts of lavlnhnpss, Is a model of *lm>
I'li'liy. The skirt Is cut upon the sheath
pattern, plain In the front with a full
train In tho back, y«-t ¦¦ It in not! very close
around the hips. It In full anough to re
lieve the satin of Its plainness,' >
A Modlato'B Idoufl.
The Fifth avenuu modlsta who Is innk
liiH il haii this to nay about cutting out
n-'WhllB miiiii:
i-t'Neyer," miyn she. "out It perfectly
iilulu ui ¦ ynii will niiiiu! It too trying. <A
pienelof entln atrutcheri acrotis the front
of iiiiu'h ii.hiiii] in never hntulsome, but If
you cut It ruther full and let It toll In
iolds It heeoinuK beautiful,"
"Truly," rniiilniii'il thin inilhnrlty "(he
prtHiii'Hi iliiva \miii tlinne when nrlden
whim the hii-i'iilliil 'miiiiiiI' MlilrlH, uhli i ••>)
ii|iiiii n liaiul ai'inHH llm fniiit, tunl wild
IIiiiiihiiihIh of Illllx KHlli.UM iivnr tha lilin
¦nut niniuiiiMi. 'rim iiuv fniiiH caught tha
IIUlU flllll IUIVH bllCk IllH piHI|r*l lullMn,
Then 1'Hmn ilia dnyM wIipd Ihn fmnt wbh
iiprftsfHy (iialn ftml oh, sn trying H w»i>«,
Now th»r» In a coinnrnmlfa ami tha lirldg'a
gown it. mumIii n, thins or beauty,
'"Dip bn»'k Bhmitd he tnit vsrv |ona,
though imi in r I'Miri tniin, nnfi very
foiiiiilliig, The Bi'patpst srt Is rmjulr@rt to
hppIi thu {ruin fi'iim turnltiB ovpr, find for
HiIm inirinipi' it anr't nilrrniiiha miiMt I" 1
IIPp»1, Tllp objet't lH tft SlVp Wpltfht, A
hpRvy phlri wilt nut tui'ii ovpr wli^n n
lialii one la pin,, to do hv, tfndef iii»
filf-ri flf III.. MlUM (ll«ln Illtlpf liri A IthlhE?
of iMtip r.n iiimi iii" piiit-t, even \t It tui'iin,
Win r-t III be hiHIv,
"i would Ht1vlii« thflt thp trnln bfsln bi
tllf Plilnp, to imilm m lone I'liimllne pwpi-ii,
IiipIpihI of n plmi ply pointed nnt,
"Ah for thn Ipnstft of thA skirt it nhtiuld
bri cotisldernblp. fmnt nn wpII nn bai'k.
Thn skirt should morfl thnn touch th«
Kt'ound nrtd should mpvpt swine; frpp from
It at nny point, pnrtleularly should It be
long In the middle of the front,"
The Lace Bolero.
When nil In said and done and other
RtyloH , are tried and thrown aside, one
cdmcB back to the little lace bolero. For
actual artistic effect there Is nothing that
equals It. The tiny shoulder bolero, all of
lace, Is one of tho most becoming features
' .^prgaMPMBB^i— pwry . ¦ . . -
lifldHfl/ifli Wp|| hi fhfi|f glfjB, nflfl flifly
b#ll«vc, will Im nunieriJiiB this yenr fliii
, H itiPfltiB innra fft ho n litlrtn now thftti
It ttPPd tn, nnri to art tiiHff|p(1 CoittH B«
mtirh up. you tnn ttfrtiM-orton & little
mat-*?,
Tho btldn wlio took llin tnoiipy nllnttpd
\n hpr for hpr.btldnl niitiHiiiiil put thrpn*
qtiiirtP.t'M of It iiBldn ftif hor brldtil kowii,
hllowlng only onn-rntnrtnr for her irouB*
ernti, lins miuty lmliatnre.
¦ Huy 'your gown flmt, 1b the bridal
Ailnge, thnrt with whnt In left procuro
your traveling gowtig, your recpptfon and
house drp.BPi'A, your flricry, your llxlngs
and your lingerie.
Lingerie is horribly Important, for,
a Becret bPtwcen throo important ngentg
— hpmplf, her (Ircesmakcr and her own
needle. '
y~T I PT how many gown* Khali at bride
I have In her ir i.^i.
1 A»k, not pnpn. hut the dre»s>
maker! ', .«
C/ A Fifth avenue modlstp with new
world notion* will reply "fifty nt leant."
Of the*e th»re will hn twenty. five for the
room, the l>r<siUf;iM ini.u and for even-
Ing lounging during the bllKaful period
before friends begin to cull-before the
time when on* mum b« nr.niiuh "nt
home" to nofU'ty, The other twenty-five,
will Iib for the. «tritH and fur dinners.
A French routurleri* with mori> ero
nomli»l Li. hi. will rxplntn that tho
miidMmH ran get along nlrply with
twenty, If it,, m- i,, nil of Kretirh design,
fco ,h';i|,i,,i,|, in ninny ,in nrrnislnn, With
waletp thdt («ii f»- *epiir0tr-d<r-*a!
The lin. n,n, dreeBniHlo-rw who «pa the
J'HiifrlHns «n<i who Hid vert «wdl, never.
th^kpw, win point to HVersl fur puim mid
tfll joil \Uvy will mitiica W |||, H^fp HVen ,
1MB g<JWM* Mild («., HllpKiwil lilOIIM fctllld
for tho liriu^p, with .. f>w Hf'Bllg^Pti,
Thp American irciiimilMr'i wh«j ih fiftpn
u e»(»diittttJii pnHtjuJiFt-iiu, ,. in out accord'
inn <»» lif r <ltith Htid ttirn <nit hur l»rlde
tetter equipped with gown* it^n »ny «f
«h»> f»-f(, <m tiih pjmiip HitKiunt Oljnpueyi
A Bride e Many Oowno. :
1 ft n >' , "I would bp bom mi »|it!flgp pf g|,
'" Mini 1 tmild iniiiinliMt.lv In. niriHlPit
fifld hdVr n Hiiiippniiu, At tin othpf'tlitia
o"of>B ft Woman hnvi> fo tunny nrw yinvni
nnd cfinnrfiurnlly at no aider tune in F |,n
««o happy."
Hlx ftrrrl gowns, six dlnnpr gowns, In
cluding ovpulng «nd fPCPptlnti robes, and
Fix morning or house «Ii»-pp< p, should be
In p.vrry woman's trousseau. Thin dors not
mcrssarlly mean that nil nhnll be. thou*
eand dollnr gnwnn nor pvon onn l^inrtrrd
dollar ones nor fifty dollar ones, to got
down to the matter, but only that thnre
r ii.-iii be ij certain number for change.
Junt how flio will en thrm In a thing
which the bildo must determine. It Is
THE BRIDE OF THE COMING EASTERI have stated before that the employers
can fix wagen, when dealing with Indi
viduals, and this, too, Is important. Wages
came to be largely fixed by custom. and
¦ -•. v;.-'- ; .•..'"¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' • -T
V. ;•¦¦¦- ¦ ¦'".- •
that they are detrimental. to unorganized
labor by being exclusive. But of. the
dozen or more constitutions of unions
which we have examined not a single one
holds to the principle of restricting mem
bership. * • • They all- require ef
ficiency as a protection to -themselves.
Have npt the doctors, dentists, lawyers
and teachers procured legislation re
stricting mgmbership In their respective
professions to those who can 1 pass cer
tain tests? So with labor unions. • • •
Next, are the wage-earners of America
justified in demanding a larger share of
the- wealth produced ; by them? Carroll
D. Wright states that by machinery pro
duction is so cheap and can. be done
on such a large scale that the manu
facturers' profitu are more than ten times
as great as they 'were one hundred and
fifty years ago. And this statement is
borne out by facts. The Associated Press
dispatches last week stated that the steel
trust has made over $80,000,000 in the first
nine months of its existence. It Is not
ncceBsary to cite statistics to, prove tl«it
the manufacturers are growing rich at an
alarming paco. Now, why have .; not
wages advanced too? . /
The economic welfare of a nation does
not depend upon the upbuilding of a few
large fortunes, ;but the equitable' distri
bution of wealth. We cannot legislate
equilibrium between : labor and' capital.'
and how can capital be made to loosen its
tight grasp on the- share :of wealth that,
according, to the economic distribution: of
wealth, belongs to labor? I ask how can
this be done other than 'meeting orgunized
capital with organized labor?
¦In union there is (strength. Collective
bargaining onthe part of capital and free
competition, laborers will .'result' in what
Wttlker. calls the "degradation. of labor. V
But ; when ! a : committee representing " sev
orul thousand employes confers with Cap
ital; capital' listens. Without unions' la
I have cited authorities - and statistics
to prove that the margin of profit for
capital in the United States is "far -too
wide to permit that the »• moderate de
mands-of labor unions for. higher' wages
will drive it out of the country,- and al30
to show that capital is amassing wealth
out of. all proportion to its economic im
portance. • " • ¦. - .
thus employers find, it easy to keep them
down. The present division of wealth is
purely. abrltrary and not economic. The
employers keep from labor as much as
they think the . laborers will stand and
Walker says that unless labor. pursues its
interests It will lose its Interests.
our wonderful development In recent
WITH the advent of machinery
and production on a large scale
there came a great change. In
stead of there being fifty men
In a city each employing a half
dozen men In the manufacture of shoes,
for Instance, there came to be a single
factory employing two or three dozen
men and rnn by a single man or corpora
tion. And In recent years three corpora
tions even have been merged into larger
and more complete combinations, com
monly known as trusts. And to-day we
have not only a Shoe trust, but a coal
trust, a lead trust, Standard Oil trust, and
so on until practically all -branches of
production are controlled by trusts, and
there Is now In the process of develop
ment one grand combination or trust of
transportation systems la the United
States.
While there Is an economic gain result
ing from production on a large scale and
by the use of machinery, which is largely
th&red by labor Itself, when considered
absolutely, etill we must admit that the
gradual combination of capital has con
tributed to the lowering of the condition
of waKC-carners when compared with that
of the capitalists. As the Individual man
ufacturer was displaced by the corpora
tion and the corporation In turn was ab
sorbed by the trusts, we find the laboring
classes "being more and more confronted
with the proposition of selling their com
modity—labor—in a market where the
competition among buyers has now come
to be practically eliminated altogether,
and in which the competition among
themselves has been Increased In conse
qtxence of no large a number being throwji
out of employment by the Introduction
of improved methods. Even the former
employers have many of them come to
be competitors for wages. And even more.
Women and children entered the faclo
rlrc with the Introduction; of machinery.
• • • Do not understand me as being
opposed to the Introduction of machinery
or as makinu the claim that It f» an eco
nomic wrong. On the contrary, I recog
nize this as one of the prime factors In •
CHAS. F. LILLIE,
Is organized labor a detriment to unor
ganized labor? Kconomlst8 of the later
school oppose the wage fund theory and
it la not reasonable to suppose that tho
Increase given to organized labor is de
ducted from the wages of unorganized
While organized labor has checked the
general fall In wages due to free competi
tion among laborers, unorganised labor
has not succeeded In doing thin, so 'some
bellevfed ihsit organized labor was get
ting more than Its share. But "abor, by
organizing, has fiucce«»dcd In getting
nearer its share nnd 'unorganized labor
has merely failed to get Its share by fall
ing to organize. ,'
Another claim against labor unions Is
But the one thing that is going to make
the present question hard to solve Is this-
Corporations by their very nature are Im
pelled by all the ingenious contrivances
of the human mind for their financial gain
but are void of the higher motives of hu
manity, sympathy and charity, and thus
they have been long In recognizing the
justice of the claim of labor. But labor
unions have taught capital that It has its
duties as Well as Its rights, and has forced
capital to recognize the fact that labor
has Its rights as well as Its duties. • •
There being one buyer In the market,
wage-earners would have to wait their
turn or underbid others before getting
employment. That constitutes, free com
petition among wage-earners and unity
on the part of employers. Our society is
based upon equality. That would be in
dustrial dependence of labor. Two or
three centuries ago the laboring classes
won their political equality. Now they are
struggling for industrial equality.
times, as it gives time for intellectual
progress. • • • But the fact remains
that these improved methods, resulting
in the centralization of capital, are re
sponsible for the existence of labor un
ions. In further proof of this let me cite
the case of farm laborers. We have nev
er heard of an effort on the part of farm
laborers to organize. It is because the la
borers, as Individuals, can deal with farm
ers as Individuals. But let all the land In
the United States come to be operated Ay
a half-dozen corporations and we wou.d
find this solid phalanx met by a like com
bination on the part of farm laborers.
History proves that labor does not orga
nize till it finds itseff confronted with cen
tralized capital. • • •
• '-If stho employment of labor-savrng de
vices means anything to our civilization
It-means that H ought-to give more tlmo
to men- for their own improvement. | If
.they do not do this.'then J they come to be
only, means; by which large fortunes are'
¦ built up. Labor. unions recognize this and
¦ ; , .¦¦¦'„• ;-vSv:;--.;' .'¦»'¦
Now what I. have been stating" pertains
to the educational value of unions by con
tact with the unions. But let usTnow con
sider something that is of far greater Im
portance,*, the possibilities .for Individual
self-advancement on account of reason
able wages and reasonable hours.
'.' as 'affecting the welfare of the United
States from the social and political stand
points. ' : • .'¦ • ¦ ' • ¦ We .will prove that unions
are not only not detrimental to the educa
tion of the laboring classes, but that edu
cation' and time and money' for .self-Im
provement'and the education of their chil
dren constitute . the chief motives ' of the
members .of In making their just
demands for a k larger share of the product
of their labor and shorter hours. ;* ? •
Ely says that the chief justification of
unions lies . in their educational value.
The, mere association has Its educational
value of which the unorganized labor to
day Is deprived. ***** : Opponents of or
ganized labor claim. that only the leaders
do the thinking and the others follow
blindly. If itiwerethfe object of the lead
ers to - keep ' the masses In ignorance they '
would not ,be so instrumental in furnish
ing literature to the members
of the unions. This consists of reports of
conventions, /proposed legislation, ad
dresses, articles; on -economic and social
'topics 'and union organs.'. Some will claim
that this literature is of an Inflammatory
nature and calculated only to work mis
chief . • But those who make this claim
have been prevented -by their prejudice
from examining It. We have examined a
large amount of. their literature, and find
It "to bo of a very- high order. Most of it
is f iri- marked contrast to the slurs cast
URon the eff ortsTof laborers by some pub
lic speakers "or some newspapers.- • • *
It wili probably be claimed that whatever
their, principles might be, they ; are not
llvedvup to.' .-.This; is true to some extent.
But tlvere' arc i just- as • honorable men : in
labor unions. a3 there are In the order of
Freemasonry or : in _the order of . Odd Fel
lows; and. the same'eharge might be made
against these; or. against churches, or any
organization., Are these evils on that ac
count?, >' .
IT IS my purpose to show how the
. laboring classes will be benefited by
shorter hours and increased wages and
to discuss the subject of labor unions
JOE PRIBSTLEV.
SUMMARY CF ROINTS PRESENTED BY THE WINNING SIDE
WE hav* nhown that for t&hor untont
\n be di«trlment«il to the welfar* of
the l?nlt*«l gtaua, they muot t»# <!*'
rlmenul from «n •conomle. eoetal
and political otandootnt taken aa a.
vhil*. From tin economic *tandpoh;t we havfl
shown :
First— That labor union* have been forced
into existence oy the centralisation of capi
tal.
Second — That imrroYed methods have great
ly Increased and cheapened production and
that labor 1» being deprived of Its chare of
the benefit coming: from Improved methods.
Third — That the division of wealth is pure
ly arbitrary and le determined by capital,
which is now -highly organized.
Fourth — That legislation cannot grant re
liff.
Fifth — That organization and collective bar
raining are the only means by which labor
can set a more equal share in the wealth it
produces.
Sixth — That labor unions permit laborers to
have a voice In fixing the terms of the agree
ment.
Seventh — That organized labor Is not detrl-'
mental to unorganized labor.
Eighth — That American Industries will not
b» Injured by granting labor a fairer share.
We h.av* nhown frem a teeial and comical
tttndpointt
l"ii mi- Tim i Utor union* ar« of rr«&t ««lu>
rntl'innl vnllliv
Sr.-.-nit— Tlioi on tnrreftft* In th« muritln of
lire i<rimitK laborer* to Improve themselvei in
ever;* way.
Third- That labor unions are a great mor.il
factor. »;" ,'»."¦
Fourth*— That labor unions are largely beno
Volant ForlPtl'i".
Fifth— That labor m Ion* are conducive to
go. »1 rltir.cni-l-.il>.
Blxth— That they eprvc' as a check to the
centralization of wealth and power..
In discu.>sinc what labor unions have accom
plished and their methods, we have shown:
First— That strikes exist In spite of unions.
Second— That strikes are not so destructive
when conducted by unions.
Third— That unlona have sained perma
nence.
Fourth — That unions have checked the fall
In wages and have shortened the hours of em
ployment.
Fifth — That labor unions favor arbitration.
Sixth— That arbitration will be Impossible
without labor being organized.
Seventh — That arbitration is now recog
nized by employers as a means by which labor
disputes can be settled.
If the economic welfare of the United
States Is dependent- upon the amassing of
large fortunes by. few, then the tendency
of labor unions will be detrimental. But
if the economic welfare means j a more
equitable distribution of the wealth of
the nation, then we hold that labor unions
are not detrimental to the economic wel
fare of the .United States. \
borers have no voice In fixing the termn
of their employment. With unions both
imrtk'M to Hi" contract meet and agree
uiinii terma. This Is opening up a new era
in industrial hUUery. . It means the In
dustrial emancipation of the > laboring
man. It mcum* a higher degree of efll
eleney of laboring men. Walker shows
conclusively by statistics that the high
est paid labor is the most efficient. Doea
that mean that higher wages restrict pro
duction?
It »uch a terrible thing as the Freac
Revolution can find it* Justification t
what It accomplished for Europe, cann<
this movement In our country to-da'
which la characterized on the whole t
conservatism <and a high aense ot justh
and reason, but with some Incidental dt>
agrecablo features, I ask, cannot th
grpat labor movement llnd lu Justtflci
tion also?
It is an Important fact that when <&v
tal was slowly organising we find latx
slowly organising, and later, when cap
tal was rapidly organizing, wo find gret
activity among the labor unions. An
at the present time, when capital ia b«
coming almost a unit in America, we fin
labor unions swiftly merging Into ot
great federation.
Another important thing to consider
the rapid change of sentiment In resar
to labor unions.
In America labor unions were at flrf
too insignificant for notice and were tc
tally ignored by the press. Later the
became noticed and were regarded aa en«
mies of social progress, and the genen
opinion was that, they should be sui
pressed. All of this is now changed; nc
only are they recognized as justiflabl
but as necessary. • • ? In the year 18;
a convention of political economists we
held at Saratoga, and they expresse
their views that unions were not detr
mental. Of the great writers of the par
century on political economy Marshal
John Stuart Mill. Jevon, Walker, Cairnt
and ¦ Kly consider unions beneflcia
although they do not agree with everj
thing the unions do. • • • Now, let c
see what labor unions have done fc
wages and for hours of employment. "W
have gone over the two volumes of tfc
report of the Commissioners of Labo
compiled by Carroll D. Wright, ajid hav
found thi3 to be the case— that there ha
been a general tendency on the part of a
wages to decline since 1S70; 1880 marks th
lowest point for skilled labor. And thei
has been, generally speaking, a gradu:
increase since that year. But the wage
or unorganized labor have decreased tl
the present day. • • • Now. why is
that the gradual fall of wages has bee
arrested between the years 1SS0 and 1890?
It is because of the merging of unioi
into the organization known as the Ame
lean Federation of Labor. In this tht
obtain better organization, more uniforn
Ity. greater strength and a more cor
servatlve use of this great strengt
••-•;• -I claim that unless labor unioi
had, checked the fall of wages it wou
have meant that over one million of wai
earners would have had to lower the
standard of llvlpg. This they could not c
without being degraded.
Labor has always been for arbitratlo
In the great convention held by the N;
tional Federation or Labor at Scranto
December last, the principle of arbitr
tion was voiced by the whole conventlo
I do not believe that there is a sine
person In this hall, not excepting our ©¦
ponents, who does not believe that art
tration should settle disputes between I
bor and capital. But I would like to &i
our opponents: yes, I ask you all, how
there to be arbitration even If labor
not organized?
Is every laboring man to arbitrate «
Is labor, acting as a unit, to confer wit
capital as a unit, that is, by represent;
tion? You see the very solution of tl
whole matter is impossible without latx
being organized.
Immediately after the convention i
Scranton the American Civic FederatU
met. at New York.
At this meeting the greatest employe
of labor In the country, the country
greatest labor leaders and a number <
representative men who were neutral m
In one grand convention to devise meat
to nettle this great question.
The committee of thirty-six, compost
of twelve men representing each clas
are to nettlp all dispute* by arbitrate
which may4ris« In tho future. All of th
was brought about by .organized labo
A few years ago "nothing to arb^tratt
was capital's dottnnt answer to labo
but. as my colleague ha« said, labor hi
forced capital to 'recognize that labor h.
Its rights as well as Its duties and th.
¦capital has Its duties as well as 1
rights. "
*7V 7f ANY people believe that If thei
f\/\ wer« do labor unions the.
I \f I would b« no strikes, but thei
"* I are no unions in Kussui, »tnd y<
JL strikes are quite frvquen
Wulkor, says on page 377 of h
poMtlcul economy that thero are son
unions which seldom or 'never strike at
that the greatest strikes In history ha^
occurred without the ugency of organlz*
labor. Whl'.e strikes nn an Instrumei
of defense, used by unions, they do hi
exist because of unions, but exist In spl
of unions. But when unions empU
strikes thero la this dtnVrpnce: Instead.*
an unorganized mob acting without
leader, without a definite purpose, wltl
out any considerations of Its effect, v
have In organised labor usually, s
Calrnes tells ua, "careful and conserv.
ttve leaders who have decided on th
move as a last resort and after tho ma
ter has been carefully canvassed to s.
whether the particular Industry could pe
mlt the employer to accede to the d
mand3 o tho union." • • • Abrah*j
Lincoln said in a speech at Hartford i
1SG0: "Thank God that we have a syste:
of. labor where there can be a strike,
claim this, that if the labor' movemei
is Justified, strikes are Justified, b<
cause In a society that is not socialist
legislation cannot grant relief and lube
must do something more than merely p.
tltion for a Juster share in the dlstribv
tion of wealth. The whole movement wi
fall through If capital Is not made to fe
that there ia a power there. Graspin
capital will not heed the law. It will na
no attention, to the dictates of consclenc
because corporations are soulless and wi
lend an ear only when confronted with,
power that cun force It."
We are taking the broad view in ui
holding organised labor for the good tin
It is doing and iat capable of dolne In ti
future.
History can point to no more horrthi
nightmare of violence than the Frene
Revolution, but there is ¦unahtn« i
Fmnej^to-day. and It la brighter In tfe
p-.i^.i-rtfj hut than In tho day* of Lou
But this is true of any organization
to some extent. I claim that labor Is, do
ing a good thing In bringing about an
understanding, between labor and capital.
It is more than legislation is able to do
and there is danger ahead for our nation
if an understanding ia hot reached. Labor
Is doing more by organizing— it is check
ing the centralization of financial and po
litical power in thehands of a few. Burke
says that government ia a matter of ex
pediency; 'that is, it is practical. And
-our Government has nothing to fear from
unions if they succeed In adjusting this
great; question,' as they are on the eve
of doing. But the great positive benefit
of our Government comes from the intel
lectual and moral elevation of several
million laboring men, the bulwark of tho
nation. A Government is benefited more
by. having education diffused throughout
the body politic than by having these cen
tralized. We arc a democracy, not an
aristocracy. * • • If the sole object of
our,people were to produce the greatest
amount of wealth possible, . and if the
supply of labor were unlimited. It would
not make so much difference about the
condition of the laboring man. But as It
is, we consider him something more than
a machine with an economic function
only. This" being the case, and the in
dustrlal conditions being as they are, how
I else can. labor rise except .by organiza
tion for their mutual benefit and for the
purpose of checking the grasping ten
dencies of capital? _• * ? One of the best
features about this" whole movement, the
feature that augurs beat for the future,
and the one that stamps it as being de
cidedly Anglo-Saxon, Is the fact that the
whole movement was initiated by the la
borers themselves. It has been developed
by them alone— with some mistakes, I ai
mlt—even in the face of obstacles. They
have received no help, they expect. none.
It. Is a great movement uprlnglng from
the desire on the part of our laboring
I claim that this alone Is going to add
more permnnuence to our welfare than
the largest trust In America to-day. An
other phase of unionism that in of great
benefit is the moral Influence of the
unions. • • • Opponents of unions say
that union men, when they get higher"
wages and shorter hours, spend the
money and the time gained in saloons.
I- admit that some laborers do this as
well as some doctors and merchants. But
the whole tendency of unions Is against
this. • '¦• • Still another good feature of
labor unions Is that they are benevolent
societies largely. They do the same kind
of work that Is done by the Odd Fellows,
the Knights of Pythias . and other iJtenev
olent organizations. ' The members pay
a certain sum weekly and are entitled to
receive money when sick or disabled or
out of work. They also allow death ben
efits. This feature of the work of the la
bor . unions is certainly one of . great
value. Such benefit funds can be more^
wisely and 0 safely administered by the*
workmen of a single trade, who are close
ly associated and well acquainted, than
by persons less firmly allied in their in
terests.. • ? ¦*¦ The claim Is made - that
unions are usurping the powers of gov
ernment, that they constitute an impe
rlum in imoerio.
We accredit to (he patriotic, llberty
lovins people of our nation "the emanci
nation of the slave, but we must render
unto the American Federation of Labor
the honor of the emancipation of tho poor
children of, our nation from the »ouJ and
body destroy Ins effect*' of the overcrowd
ed workshop, Th© great labor convention
of 1SF8 hold In Ptttaburst demanded tha
prohibition of the employment In facto
ries of children under 14 ?<n* of nso
and favored ebilgntorjr education. Th«
Leglilaturrs of moat States have acceded
to these demand* since that yenr. Th>s
children were taken out of the factories
and aent to aehool. • • • That the In
tellectual condition of labor during the
next generation In consequence of thi:<
legislation will exceed that of/ to-day can
bo easily seen.
"~are. accordingly making Just and reason
able demunds for shorter hours and In
creased wages. • __ *. ? In our cities,
where our unions arc, and whore Intellec
tual advancement Is moat needed, we find
libraries and night .schools, do Into any
of S.in. Franclsco'8 lAraries of an even-
Ing and you will see n large number of
men \vho<fare wage-earners. If they had
been working fourteen hours, as tho
street railway employes in Baltimore
were until the unions reduced It to ton
hours, how many would you expect to
llnd there? And If their WO£M were pnt
sufficient for them to wear fairly good
clothes they would nut want to go out it)
these places. • • • How many youn.?
men would care to" attend these ntght
schools If they had to spend fourteen
hoirt's In commercial Rouses, as they wrre.
compelled to do before tho union of retail
clerks forced early closing? How much
more will these opportunities be seized
when labor wins Its great fight for an
eifjht-hcur workday?
But this is not all. How dd labor unions
assist in the education of the children of
laboring: men? Here they are building fur
tho future better than most men are
aware. In the early days of the factory
system, before labor was organized, chil
dren were employed in factories In larpo
numbers. They were taking the places of
tho men nnd were put Into factories by
parents because, under the free competi
tion aystem - among laborers, it was nurd
for the head of the family to support thu
family.
WILL T. GEHAN.
classes to taite ii sharo In and become
part of mil" advancing civilization.
«=?pWICE have the stalwart debaters of the Lodi High School gone
down to the college town of Palo Alto and wrestled with valiant
U opponents for the Stanford debating cup, and twice have they .re
turned to their friends at home crowned -with the laurels of success. Ons
more winning and the highly prized and much-coveted cup goes to Lodi
to stay. . •
Two years ago the student body of Stanford offered a silver cup
as a trophy to the Debating League of Northern California. About six
teen high schools belong to this league and any one of them would
give their eye teeth, individually or collectively, to win the cup. In* or-,
dei to make the test absolutely fair the rule was established, that tho cup
should only gt> to that high school that could win it three times. Thj
first tournament was won by the Humboldt Evening High School of this
city and they took the cup to ho'd until defeated. Lodi- was not repre
sented in the first debate, but in the second tournament it was there in
full force, and defeated every team that came against it; -
The atmosphere at 'Lodi seems to be especially good for the de
velopment of debaters. Witness tho following record: In, February of
last year Eva Beckxnan, Charles F." Lillie and Irving Vickerson de
feated the representatives of Stockton High School; in April, the Low
ell High School of San Francisco fell before Luther Brown. Charles J>\
Lillie and Irving Vickerson; again in October Lodi out-debated the Oak
land Evening High School, the winding team this time being Charles F.
Lillie, Joe Priestly and Will T. Gehan. This same trio triumphed in tlio
recent debate at Stanford and for tht second time took the cup back to
Lodi— all to the chagrin of the Humboldt Evening High School, whose
men put up a royal fight, but wero outclassed by the splendid team work
and telling arguments of their opponents.
Lodi can now rest easy on its laurels until next September, when
the next debate will be held at Stanford. Then the young debaters
must be prepared to do or die, for if they win the cup all the attendant
plory and honor are theirs for all time. The recent debate took place in
the chapel at the Stanford Univeisity and was presided over by M. FJ
KcCormick, the president of the student body. The judges were Pro
fessors Whittier (law), Newcomer (English) and Starbuck (education).
The speakers from Humboldt were George Cressy, Thomas Forsythe and
George Presly, and they had the affirmative side of the question "Re
colved, That labor unions are detrimental to the welfare of the United
States." Humboldt made a clever fight and the speakers individually
were particularly brilliant, but Lodi won the verdict easily by the clev
er manner in which each speaker had msde his argument an aid to,
nnd a part of. the speeches of his two fellow-debaters. Not one of the
Lodi debaters' speeches was inteuded to be complete in itself, but all
vlirec taken together made a perfect argument upholding the labor union
ps not detrimental to the welfare of the United States.
Below are given the most striking parts from the speeches of the
ton e Lodi debaters in the order as they appeared before their judges at
Stanford. First 1b presented the summary of the points shown in their
debate. This, as a matter of fact, termed the end of the argument of the
last debater, Will T. Gehan, but wo hav6 purpossly placed it in this posi
tion, where it serves m an index to show the lino of Arguments pre
sented. • *!; v
¦"RSS^TVee:, tha* Uaboi* Unions fy$
7^5 f^gS^TTVg WOfl.
THE MISDAY CAUL.
11
THE WINNING
SPEECHES
IN THE
LODI
HUMBOLDT
DEBATEformed classes for
the teachers under
her and never lets
their interest in the
work flag. Some of
her insect collec
tions are being s«it to Stanford In the
Interest of advanced study In tho uni
versity.
Fanny Mitchell, the pretty and petite, Is
doing a very unpetlto thing; she Is hold-
Ing the position of director of drawing In
the Pomona schools.
Louise, Dyer \ Is a teacher in Alameda.
• Sara Cory Is In the Paso Robles High
School. Julia Tubbs is In . the Ontario
High School. Anna Martin, Jhe famous
little tennis player,' who held the sliver
cup from tournament to tournament, is
lecturing in the Nevada State University
| — profound lectures on art she delivers, in
a way that might for the moment make
you forget that she was the jolly little
¦'¦.-. i i ¦ ' '¦¦
and Is living In San Francisco, where ner
husband In connected with th« internal
revenue service.
Winifred Paine and, her •Utffr ar* Hvlns
in their southern home, where some of
the old-time frat girls have visited them
and hnve had rousing Rood times.
Gertrude Martin. Anna's younger Bister.
is living: at home and having plenty of
fun in society.
Grace Streeter distinguished her.^lf by
eloping. This Is not a common result of
the higher education of women, and It
was a red letter event when she dirt it.
She is living in the north.
Mayme Merritt was one of the three
Merrltt sisters, all of whom married Stan
f/rd men. Mayme's husband la Mr. Whit
racre, who i3 now teaching at Stanford.
Lou Henry, who married Herbert
Hoover, stopped in San Francisco not
long ago on her way to . New Zealand.
She sent for some of the old Kappa girls
WHAT TEESE STANFORD
GIRLS ivBE DOING
MOW.
Teaching ....> .••':.
Traveling . . . -> 2
Studying art.. i. 2
Philanthropy 1
Librarians . . . •• . :. 3
Living r.t homo.. 12
I.Ir.i ripel .' 4" • ? • • • *\tnj»* J3j£
Bertha Braly. who. ?*th h«r sister and
mother, made one of tlV most hospitable
homes. that ever^vas plijnted on the Stan-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
iij? blacks while tsho makes the rounds
ol- a big medical practice.
F-dith Jordan. Dr. Jordan's daughter,
was one of the mimes that Kappa Alpha
Thcta boasted of when the '97 class en-
tn the south and writing persistently.
Marguerite Deming went to Albany to
study in the famous library school there.
The making of librarians seems to be a
specialty of the New York capital, and
Miss Deming said when she' went that
Normal School, which Is a greac 'deal for
a girl not long out of college to have at
tained. ; Bertha Chapman is another who
holds a big position; she. has charge of the
nature work in, all ihe Oakland schools
and. is vastly enterprising at it. ; She has
fane sailed' for Honolulu a little while ago
after traveling j over her own country.
Her friends say (that having a good time
is Mabel's specialty.
Bonnie Burkhalter is one of the mar
ried Kappas. She is now Mrs. Fletcher
to have a lunch with her at a swell San
Francisco hotel, and they report that with
all her wealth she is still the same Lou.
Her hu3bana's good fortune. in his work
In China reads like a fairy tale. hi3 salary
being fabuloua for a man of his. age.
for.-J campus, has devote-1 herself, to
studying art since her graduation and has
been in the Hopkins Institute. The Eraly
home at Stanford, broke up when the girls
graduated and nothing of the p*3t la
more missed there than that household.
Alice Hayfc. <j£ the '85 c!a?s, never at
tempted lcachins, at- she had no incllna-
Grace Davis' family have made their
home in S£iui Francisco: it is a l^eautiful
bouse rut on U*k<-r strict, and there the
Caus-hler* whom Stanford remembers are
to fee found. Grace devotes her time to
£oci<*ty and study.
K«te i.s a ic-acher in the Sacramento
Hi£h School. Maud Jones, another of the
clifjuft. is working along with her after
a period of teaching In Vallejo. Laura
StciTvns. hcrr.e from Germany, is there.
too,, so at *uiy rate three cf the old Sac
ramonto cnyvd are rounded up at th»
hexne town, after all their scattering and
separations.
'Ly Brim is just now iiving in San Frar.
cf£co. boarding at a hotel with her sister.
Jane vent to teaching in high school
work after she graduated, and is now In
VacaviUe. She is to be married some
iir.fi day to "BoV McKisick, whom blie
3ias known for a long time. He is sl young
Th<? Herrick sisters were also from Sac
ramento. They were members of the pio
neer clasp of '35. and they were of the
very jollicet and brightest in that mem
orable old crowd.
The two Steffens girls were of the Sac
ramento crowd. Laura went through col
lege accompanied by a reputation for
prettiness and brains. She has been de
veloping the latter to a vast extent since
she left Stanford; after taking her de
gree with ihe 'D6 class Bhe went to Ger
many and studied advanced psychology,
finally taking a doctor's degree. Her sis
ter also studied in Germany: since that
she has married "Jim" HolHster, to whom
ihe wa? engaged at college.
The" had no house, so they lived at
Roble Hall. Not being frat girls they
had no chaperon of their own and Miss
Ellen Thompson, matron of the hall,
mothered them.
THE Combine," as college slang
termed it. was a clique'of girls who
never gave themselves a Greek
monogram, but held together in a
bond quite as tight as any sorority,
and, in early days, were the dictators of
the university's social life. They were
at first called the "Sacramento crowd,"
because of the fact that several of their
number hailed from the capital, but that
name gave way to "the Combine," and
as "the Combine" they have gone down
la varsity history.
tennis champion of Stanford. *
Carrie Goodhue's teaching is along othe
lines from these. She is an earnest
worker in Oakland's colleere settlement
and' the young people under her have
grown to love her.
. Ida Wehner is one of the young ladies
who has made a business of having a
good time since the labor of college days
was over. She has been traveling abroad, |
having a chance to put to practical use
the languages that she studied while at
college.
Mabel Coombs '96 Is another traveler, ,
Frances Metzler is one of these. She
has charge of. botany classes in the Chlco
•A good many of them' are teaching, in
this • State. In fact they have distin
guished themselves as pedagogues and
they form a wonderfully large fraction of
the advanced teachers of California.
The Kappas organized in Stanford's
first year and have grown steadily in
strength since that time. They have a
¦ house now; but in early days their home
fcwas Roble Hall and that is where most of
the girls in this group spent their four
years.
Dora Moody of the '96 class married
Tom Williams and has gone to live In
New York. . .
Kappa Kappa Gamma.
Ruby Green, who married Howard Bell,
had lately returned to Stanford and is to
graduate this year after an interrupted
college course. She has kept her fresh
m&n prettiness. they say, through these
years, and is very much the same Ruby
that she used to be.
she wanted to study at headquarters ami
be. the best, librarian' that Albany could
turn out. * >
WHAT is the fate of the co-ed P
It is a gigantic question
and cne that many a high
school miss is puzzling her little
brains over in order to determine
whether she shall become a co-ed or
not.
It is a question that many a ford
rcamna has lost sleep over.
It is a question that students love
to speculate upon and •work out the
ories upon.
It is a question that only the years
can answer.
Here are some representative co-eds
fron- our two universities. The pic
tures were taken something like half
a dozen years ago. Since that time
the girls have scattered and have
been determining the fate of the
co-ed.
There are almost a hundred faces
on these two pages — young, jolly
faces, every one of them. One thing
appears to be certain about these
girls— whatever their fates Bince that
time, they were all having a mighty
"gdod time while they were in college.
The aftermath of these hundred
co-eds has been traced out and is
herewith, published. The fond mam
ma and the spectacled theorist and
the questioning little high school
miss may read.
Perhaps these pages may answer
some of their questions.
Winifred Webb i did some promising
•work as a writer while she was at col
lege, and she has not dropped her pen
sJuce she left. She is living at her homo
Marie Markham, that Frenchy looking
little brunette, daughter of the ex-Gover
nor, is giving most of her time to society
in the south.
Mattie Haven, too, is on the ground,
and Pearl Green as well. They are In
the university library, hard, at work and
succeedlnc.
Letitia Patterson has remained close to
the old chapter house. It was her good
fortune to secure a position in the Palo
Alto High School, so she can watch the
new girls come in and keep closely in
touch with the frat's doings.
The Barnhisel girls, those two strapping
blondes who always wore dark blue and
the smartest of tailoring, have been hav
ing simply a good time since they left
college, as they always did while there.
They have a beautiful home f near San
Jcee, and there they still make their
headquarters they are not travel
ing
/Maud Grover is another teacher on the
lift. She has been in Santa Cruz carrying
on her work. ¦ \
Nora Schopbach has made a record for
herself in the Santa Rosa High School.
Louise Pitcher, too. is a teacher,* and
Oi tha Fielder left. Stanford to take a fine
position in the Denver High School.
tered. Miss Jordan is now teaching in
high school work and is living up to the
big expectations of . her, which were
prompted by the fact of her being a Jor
dan.
Plenty of high school teachers have de
veloped f r^m that crowd of the college
year '95-6. In fact, they have more than
hig^i school teachers to their credit; a
university instructor has sprung from
their numbers. Ada Edwards is teach
ing physical culture in the University of
Nevada, and it. is said that, her ambition
Is to ride behind her own team of spank-
The Kappa Alpha Thetas of more than
half a dozen years ago had a large chap
ter. They were known In university
parlance as the "Thetas"; "Kats" is their
popular name elsewhere, but somehow" the
Stanford Chapter always managed to
dodge the nickname.
Kappa Alpha Tlieta.
Mabel Packard, "the littlest girl" of
Stanford Is studying art with a venge
ance. She has developed considerable
ability and has been abroad cultivating
it. She has lately returned to America.
Miriam her San Jose cousin,
was as dark as Miss Glover was fair, and
many were the disputes over their respec
tive types of beauty. Miss Maclaren
stayed in college and graduated in the
'97 class; for awhile she taught, and now
she is married to John Marble.
Irma Glover was less identified with
Stanford than some of the others, for she
was there only one year. She came from
the University of Wisconsin, and she re
turned to her home State after her. year
at college. She is married now and has
disappeared from the view of the admir
ing Californians who lost their hearts to
her blonde beauty while she was on the
coast.
Wynn Coman has distinguished herself
by holding a good position on a New
York magazine. It is reported that when
she first went to New York she felt like
the proverbial needle in the haystack—
as if she could never be found: and
finally she took to addressing envelopes,
saying that she would write that way if
no other. It wag a story of sheer grit
and perseverance, and now she can look
at her name signed to various short stor
ies that appear In the monthly.
/ .
tion ror it, DUt she took a library course
in Los Angeles and Is now in the uni
versity library at Palo Alto.
Concerning the
Stanford
Girls
12
WHAT BECOMESTHE SUNDAY CALL,.
THE Kappa Alpha Thetas of five
years back have scattered to the
four winds. They are traveling,
teaching, going the social pace,
married. They are spread over two
continents and the islands besides.
Anna Hammond, the handsome brunette
of the frat. was musically gifted besides
being handsome. She was in earnest in
music, too. and she is now in Boston
lurrying on the study.
The two Wickson girls have always been
among the most popular of the "Kats,"
and proof of this was shown when Ednah
was elected grand president of the na
tional Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority. It
was a big honor to California, to the
Berkeley Chapter and to Miss Wickson,
and the girls have been a mighty proud
lot ever since. Her sister, KIttv. is de
voting herself to society and showing
that the co-ed Is not of necessity a sober
blue-stockir.g.
Marlon Whipple is teaching in Waila
Walla. Susie Clark is another on the
teaching list; she is in Honolulu, where
she draws a good salary at the same Lids
that she Is having ali the privileges that
the tourist has in visiting much-heard-of
epots.
Fannie 8tone is teaching In Lodl and
Mary Maxwell In the southern part of the
State. Perhaps they are better off than
the Honolulu teacher, after all, for they
are nearer the home chapter, and it
there is a loyal being on this earth it Is
the frat girl, and if there is a thing thai
girl loves it is to "round up" with the
chapter at the old frat house for a cozy
visit at what was once and never shall
cease to be her own hearthstone.
Of the married Thetas there is Mrs.
Malcolm Graham, who used to be Manie
Kent. She married a gallant captain In
the United States army and followed him
to the Philippines, where he is still on
duty. She has had the most romantic
career of the old crowd.
Agnes Borland married Walter Hart and
is now living in Boston.,
Lucretia Watson Is also on the man fed
list. As Mrs. Grant Taylor she is living
in San Jose, which mean? that she can
still keep in touch with the Berkeley
Chapter.
The ether girls are living at home.
Isahel Godin is in Los Angeles. Ruin
Wilder is in Oakland. . Minnie Ray Wilson
is in Berkeley. Edith Bonnell is in San
Francisco. Lena Macaulay is in Truckec-.
Agnes Fresius is in Alameda.
The Old Sorosis.
The present Kappa Gamma of Berkeley
was formed several years ag-o from the
old U. of C. Sorosis. Most of the girls in
the group on this page were charter mem
bers of the present frat. T.''.*i
Mabel Sullivan and Alice Dewcy Mi
cfcaels, t^p of the prettiest and most Xov-
ItemsAboutthe
Berkeley
Maids
able, both . died before the chapter was
formed. All the girls were strongly at
tached to them and their memory Is as
dear to the girls of to-day as If they were
among them.
The Alice Dewey Michaels library won
given to the chapter by the glrl'fi mother
after Alice died. She had always been a
book lover and her collection wag a large
one to belong to a young girl. The cus
tom holds that each year every girl of
the sorority shall give one book to add
to the library and it now numbers over
500. . ; v Vi
Mabel Sullivan was devoted to art, and
the art collection of the chapter house
now bears her name.
Alleen Guppy is toachlng. So is Eleanor
Bennett. Grace Dibble Is following the
same profession afNiles.
Marion Sullivan has taken to nursing
as a profession and Is studying hard. It
is a long course of work to add to four
years of university life, but she is as
plucky as a nurse has to be and she is
coming on bravely in the hardest work
that a woman can enter upon.
Florence Mason of Alameda has been
traveling In Europe In the satisfactwry
way that a good education and plenty of
money make, possible. She says that her
education is whaf enables her to appre
ciate the places she has visited.
That big beauty, Ruth Rising, went to
Rome after leaving college. There she
met Caradi Menecanti and married him.
spending a honeymoon in romantic Italy.
There" were nights of gondola and moon*
WHAT THESE TTNIVEBSITY
OF CALIFORNIA GIRLS.
ARE DOING NOW.
Teaching 10
Traveling 3
Studying Music 1
Nursing' l
Librarians 2
Physician ,. 1
Living at home 20
Married 0
?Two dead."
rlage, for each of these Berkeley group,
shows the same number of matches.
so much, despite all that tradition has to
say on the subject.
Helen Mott,. Wary Bybee and Edith Blx
bee are the other* who have chosen their
own homes Instead of risking adventure*
and careers outside. '.'."/*'.¦;,,¦
Klinn Sherman is teaching in thr south.
Bertha Knox la in the Oakland High
School. There are three teachers among
these girl* and all have made a record
at their work.
Grace Wilson and Rachel Vrooman are
the travelers- They have both spent much
tlmcMibroad, adding to the year's of their
education in a practical way and one that
would seem far more . Interesting than
poring', over' books. But the frat girl the
country over will tell you that there <s
no time In a girl's life that is as happy
as tho years spent in the frat house.
Amy Phelan has taken up library work
In the unjverslty. This proves her up-to
dateness. The profession of librarian is
one of the modern fads for women in the
East and is rapidly coming West*. It ia
said to be less nerve-wearing than teach
ing, is remunerative and interesting to
the woman who is a book lover.
Cora Mott is a Gamma who married.
She is now Mrs. HengBtler of San Fran
cisco. Lillian Parker had added Allen to
her name and is In Napa. Lida Baldwin
is Mrs. Thomas. This makes the three;
it seems to be the lucky number on mar-
light, days of art galleries and rulnn.
Elizabeth Gray In living at homo In Ban
FraneUeo. Lutif Ruch and Georgle Bar
ker are also at home, , .;.¦ ¦
Annie Long Br*hm lined to be Annie
Long before Qeorgn Brehm come along,
l 'l/i Mitchell 1* married, too; she never
became a Knppa, although she was a
well-known member of Borosln.
Edith Dart In another U. of C. girl who
has taken, up library work. She Is In
the Mechanics' Library here In San Fran
cisco.
Some Early Gamma- Phi Beta Girl*
Gamma Phi Beta hat) been established a
long time over at Berkeley, and lta mem
bers of seven years back have had a
chance to try a good many and varied
phases of life. Only five of thorn are liv
ing quietly at home; the rest have gone
out Into the world and started careers.
Veda Reddington has become a physi
cian. She is Dr. Reddington of Oakland,
with her own shingle dangling "before
the passer-by. She was one of the college
girls who defied traditional feminine ho»-
ror of froga and mice in the laboratory;
she carved them bravely, handling them
without tongs. She made a laboratory
record for herself and Is making a' record
now in the bigger laboratory of the
world.
Lena Reddington has turned teacher.
She is in the Oakland High- School doing
the advanced kind of work that' is so
'largely turned over to young college
graduates these davs.
Elizabeth and Charlotte Sanderson are
among' the five, who live at home. They
are in San ) Francisco society, and are
quite as popular as if they did not know
13
OF THE CO-EDS??FRRDBIIIG RKMINQTON, tha art*
lot, whono cluvef penoll has din
nlfled for oil tlmo the cowboy, the
Sioux, .the Apache, the blue«coated
cavRlrymun and the frinRe-leggod
suout— nil the plGturestiuo pervonalltlei of
thfl frcintler— In the man to whomAu*
gUMtua Thomas owes much of the tldellty
of' detail ,' of environment and "atmon>
phere" which Is Inevitably .remarked by
Hi" Intelligent piny gotir witnessing & per>
formunoe of "Arlionn."
ImciIi rlc iri'iniiiMioii, urtlst par excnl
ii'iii 1. of "'I'll.' Mini and the Horse," has
not achieve his kingship of a iniluun
empire In tin- r^altn of nrt without work>
Ing hard fnr 11. Hpmlugton has, Cor the
past flftren ,vi hi m, splint fully half his
1 1 Mm In thn runuhes, iirtny posts ami In*
•tin 11 iui''iirli'M of thn KK'iil Wt'Hl. ll<i bun
studied thw "typrs" of frontUir folk from
the Canadian bordnrlnnd to thn liell*holiin
which mark the Intpruntlonnl boundary
between ArUona. and Old Mexico, Ho has
ridden 'with the scouts nnd the Indian
police through thu grass lands of, Mon
tana and Dakotn, rounding. up proud but
r.iiilrlu mil 1 it iiii> Bloux; he, has Ilvod
with the miners and prospectors of Nt
vuda nnd Colorado; has hunted coyolfs
with tho cttvulrymen of Kort Hlley and
has Hiit'ut long, nwelterin« days with tha
uiuortunnterf of Uncle Bnin't* Bcrylco who,
from Fort Grunt nnd ether Arlsonn pout*,
linv.i boon kept busy watuhtng the vu>
Kittle* i.f (Iki'omIiiiii, Cochlne nnd Apnohe
Kid. j ¦
All of which 1b by snylni that if there,
Is on* man nllve ''outside. of Ann cavalry;
Indian or ranching IjunlnflHH, who
, thoroughly "navvlen" tho frontier .'guma,
tliftt man In Krodttilti ilemlngton— the
Plump nnd joyous Individual who left his
IHiiHinitlMK and his Mtunlff to go wltn '
AiiKustUH ThoniMrt, lit* frlcmd, lo Niipurvi»«
tho final drctHM h'Ih'ihhm! of "ArUona" at
tliii Humid Hf|tinr« Theater, Now York,
In mi fall,
A ulnglo Incident of thiit rnTienrrfiil will
*«Mvn lo dcwionitrnt'ii thn hrnnflclnl In*
(IllPlinp of the lU'tM Upon the numtnr*
work of tha nuthor, A dosau suptirnumei*
nrlfB fiulipd from the . Hownry, - nrtltlttlnlly
Miiihunied, ulnrt In "ehupn," sombroron
and lilun Hnnnel "hli'tn,, w»«ro llnqd up for
lunpiMitltm. •; Thpy had Just been neatly
I'uwili id) with nllutll iliiHt out of 11 iil«
pepper box nnd looked* to the cnwiinl wye 1
tho "real thing.; 1 . They looked , all .right'
,to Mr. Thomas, too, but tha critical glanotj
of UamliiRlon detpetcd ftfatni d«f«K't.'""
"Wait, a nilnute, Guh," he shouted—
••thoHO fellow* hiiva tho handnnnn on nil
wronsr." Tho man had th«m tied looiiely
uround their necks with the pendant Hupa
hanging: down over the nhould^m.
"Wnnt's the matter?" queried Thomni.
"That's thu way I've nlwnyn mum them
wenr them."
"VVhloh you nflvt>r did In Arlionn," re
torted Mr. nemlngton. t'Vou don't even
know why tlmy wtutr those 'kerchlefii.' "
"Look tiicft rvnd knep the *\x\\ off their
lU'okn, 1 nuijpoia," ventured Thomuv.
"Not on your life, They wenr them
knotted Ioqho find liniitdtiK down In front
for JiiMt two r«>ii»>iiiii»: one, no thry enn
rt'nch them whllo riding nt full npned to
wlpn the pttrnplnttlnn from their fncen,
unit 1 ho ullii'i- for convflnlen.cn to wijm the
iilkiill dimt out of their pyp« junt tin
¦ iiileU nn It k'UImh, while th*y urn round*
Iiik ii|>»n hord of cnttlr. The nlknll would
hllnd them In ftvt) mlmitcn If It got Into
their eyt»n, iiml.u 'punchor" working on n
roundup with n thousand or two of ex
cited rnnge e«ttl« hnsn't nny time tfj go
iilgKlng for hl« pocket* when he neddn n
lumillu'i'i'lilcf, Twlut them round thu
other way, dirty them up u bit nnd tho«o
fellows, will look m near the 'real thing'
us' you enn got thin sldo of Tcxu«."
FREDERIC REMINGTON AMD THE COWBOYS
Books Received.
CAESAR'S COMMENTARIES ON THH
GALLIC WAR — with Introduction, notes and
vocabulary by Albert Harkness, Ph. D., L.L.D..
and Charles H. Forbea, A. B. Th« American
Book Company. New York, f I 23.
MEDIAEVAL. ROME— By William Miller.
M. A. O. P. Putnam**, Sons, New York. 91 $8.
EVE TRIUMPHANT— Dy Plerr* da Coula
valrv. O. P. Putnam's Sons, New York. $1 20.
GRADED PHYSICAL EXERCISES— By Ber
tha Louise Colburn. Edgar S. Werner Pub
llshlng Company. New York. $1 00.
IN WHITE AND IlI.At'K llv W. W. Pin
¦nn. Tha Hauin.'iit PublUhln* Company. Ak
ron, O. I'rl'-o ft 60,
DELSARTE SYSTEM OF EXPRESSION—
By Qenevtave Stebblna. Edgar S. Werner
Publishing Company, Now York. 12.
KATE BONNET— By Frank R. Stockton. D.
Appleton & Co., New York. |1 BO.
THE WAR IN SOUTH AFIUCA~IT3
CAUSE AND CONDUCT— ny A. Conaja Doyle.
MeClure. Phillips * Co., Naw York.
AUDREY— Ry Mary Johrwton. Iloughton.
Mifflin & Co., Boston. Price, |t BO.
NAKED TTUTTlia AND VEILED AU.ti*
BION8— Uy Minna Thomas Antrim. HonrY
Altemuf Cnmiiany. Phtln.lotnhtft. 30 cents.
Love's Itinerary.
A novel that is a long series of de-.
Ughtfully humorous situations is "Love's
Itinerary," by J. C. Bnaith. The scene
of the story Is laid In England in the
eighteenth century. A young nobleman,
thedEarl of Tiverton. has spent In riotoua
living everything of which he la poa
sesaed. To add to his misfortuntes he
kills a man In a duel. The officers of tho
law are put upon hla track, and to avoid
thflm' he flees from I^ondon. Jla doe»
not «o alone, however. Lady Cynthia
Curew, the daughter of the Duke of
Salop, aucompantea him. Lady Cynthia
Is annoyed by the attentions of many
suitors, one of whom ia favored by hur
father, and to escape them nho flUi to
the protection of Lord Tiverton, • wltn
whom ahe la In love, nnd who loves her
Although .L»ily and hor Jov.ir
have Hcnrcoly a shilling between them
they decide to trust to fortune to pro
vide for their wanta. Aa they cannot af
ford 1 •» rid" out of London they hava to
walk, Out'tria of London they ttiut n
country rectory, where they nre m»r»
rledr ¦ from ther* they atart out on u
very ntning" nrnrrlngt> Journuy, They
Wniulrr on for tmveral dsysr supporting
Ihi'maelvca by their wlta. Aa a natural
cunaecitiericn they mont with nil anrtn of
»iue«'r pxprrlenera. They nre put Into th>i
atockn on n chnrito of viigntticy, thry urn
compelled through hunger to accept ton
lioipltallty of Kvimi.M und ,,r n highway*
man. and at last they are driven to such
an extremity that thay hire out im w
vanta to an Innkeeper. The Duke of
ftalop arrives nt the Inn In hla soared
for tho runaway couple. To elude him
they go off with his carriage and hora^a.
As they are then near the brtde's hoin«
so that we may be no longer deceived by
false appearances. • • • The memory
of the great Queen who has paused from
our midst without a stain upon her char
acter'as a woman, or a flaw in her wis
dom as a monarch,, may exercise a soft
ening, charm and a refining influence
upon us through the chastening sorrow
we feel at her irreparable loss." (Pub
lished by Dodd, Mead & Co., New (York.
$1.00.)
---,•.-¦¦ • — — : :,
"The Warners."
who is upright, industrious, and Intelli
gent; yet whose efforts toward insuring
the permanent happiness of , his family
and himself are frustrated by bad^luck. •
Warner begins li o in the most abject
poverty.. Little by little, at the cost of
tremendous effort and- self-tlenlal, his
circumstances improve. . When Warner
reaches manhood he gains employment In
a factory. In this place there works a
girl, Betty Martin, with whem Warner
tails In love. In time the two marry. By
this time -Warner has saved enough
his only child, Betty, has reached wo
manhood, the financial prospects of Cy
rus Warner look very bright.- Suddenly
there appears in the village a millionaire
named Anthony Fellows. This man
wishes to gain control of all the oil wells
in the region round the town in which
the Warners live. Almost all the well
owners, Cyrus among, them, refuse to sell
out their interests to Fellows. In revenge
Fellows, who is an oil 'magnate, causes
the market price of oil to drop to such
a low figure that all the small producers
"Tha Warners," written by. Gertrude
Potter Daniels, Is an ably written novel,
but its theme is too unpleasant to allow
it to be t.ltoarether agreeable reading.
Warner, the principal character. Is a man
money to enable him' to buy in a distant
part' of the State land on which there is
an oil well. On the land there is also
a little cottage, In which Warner and his
wife take up their residence. By the time
are ruined. Warner Is driven to close his
well.' He turns to other work, but mis
fortune pursues him, and he and his fam
ily are reduced to tho brink of starvation.
Betty Warner is a beautiful girl, .with a
The high sentiments of our Chief Ex
ecutive in his address, "The New Citi
zen," printed in the Youth's Companion,
are fittingly published in the Washing
ton's Birthday number. George Washing
ton, by hia pure life and wise cons^vat
ism and ambition 'for the new country,
fairly won his title of Father of his Coun
try. Theodore Roosevelt, the best expon
ent of our twentieth century activity, has
equally high ideals for the nation: and In
this address, and in his life, be lays par
ticular stress on the individual, hla stew
ardship, his usefulness in home and pub
lic life.
Washington and Lincoln led our nation
over its most difficult paths. It has been
left in recent years for such men as Theo
dore Roosevelt to embody the highest
Ideals of private and public citizenship.
The Constitution of the United States of
America has put a new meaning Into the
word citizenship. The high ideals of the
fathers of our country have laid the
foundations of good citizenship in such a
way that the industrious, high-minded,
ambitious men and women of all nations
have flocked to our shores. The present
prominence of our nation among the na
tions of the world and its new fields of
usefulness and power have given to
American citizenship a fresh inspiration
toward true living and great accomplish
ment.
"I am merely trying to express In this
brief tribute to her imperishable glory
what I feel to be the Kpeclal lesson of
this noblest woman's life to women. - In
a time like the present, when the accu
mulation of wealth seems to be the chief
object of existence and the indulgence of
uelf the rule of dally conduct, and yet,
whon, despite our exceptional advantages,
our modern luxuries and conveniences,
so many of us are ''Weary, restless and HI
at case, traveling from one place to an
other in search of the chimera of happi- J
ness, which forever eludes our grasp, is
it not plain and paramount, after all,
that simple goodness is best? The 'old
fashioned' virtues— Is there not something
In them?— fcomethlng sweet and penetrat
ing like the perfume of thyme and laven-.'
der in the fold-fashioned* garden? • • •
Our late monarch has given to women a
supreme example of what mothers should
• be — wise, prudent, patient, never weary
in well doing, and forever. tender, forever
loving. • • ? 'Reverence for God!'. No
one will deny that the Queen In the clos- -
Ing years of her long and splendid reign
must have seen this reverence dying out
and that her heart must often have been
nurcharged with weeping when she con
sidered the great change which has come
over modern thought and modern life
since she first ascended the throne, a shy,
pretty little girl, with all Kngland waiting
to do her homage. Bhe must have noticed
a complete departure from old ways. and
customs, which, however '., simple they
were, certainly did mark, English wormm
as Queen roues of the world,' and did no
influence men to love their home* and to
work for the Klory of their country thut
they were &b|a to lenv«* It «reater thany
they found It. Hit.' mum hava watched
ProgrpM martihlnR: with swift, Impetuous
Htfclift in mi.' dlr«ctlon-l)ut , rVtrogrgHiiIon
nod d«<ny marchltiK an ttftiulily, though
iii-iir jilowty, In Another— progress, let u*
any; In machinery, but rftroffrtwalnn in
,men. • • • Thti Rr««ftt thing, therefore,
Is to live in-1-f nnA now the dally life of
kIhuiIIi ity And MNdenlnl MUt'h hh our Into
Klorloua Queen lived,. Hlxly-ilne.. .v.-i.ih
of tho moat exulted pgaltlon In the world,
Hxty-tlirr.. yciii-H of UndtapUti'd hi.v.t
• iniiy over millions of human : being*,
nrlthnr "polled iho .nrthiy nnmnn nor
1 in' Ihhvi niy aoul which tiuii hud mmia
nur.QuepM, Bhull wo not he grateful for
this? Hhnll we not Rive lienrly thttnUs
nmld our litniKMtMiiiiiM? Tin-re la chumo
for thn very profound reJotoliiK that the
Queen* of tho fitrth to-day «ro proverb*
Inllv of Pimple tnitca and Kentla clmrnc*
tcrs, and- we may be proud that our
Queen was the simplest of them all. it—
im-miirrlnic her,, and cherlahlng her mem*
ory Mi we shall «aver, do, It ,may bewt
shall help ourselves to .measure things
rightly by the standard . ihY has left ' us,
'¦•¦.¦
In "The Passinn of the Great Queen"
Marie Corelli has written ; a panegyric
upon the virtues of Queen. Victoria'. The
work is in no sense a chronicle of events
In the life of the Queen. It alms to enu
merate the noble qualities which, the
Queen possessed in such an eminent de
gree, and to show that unless these quali
ties shall come to distinguish people of
all ranks of society In a greater degree
than they do at present modern culture
and the material advantages brought by
modern Inventions cunnot be of perma
nent anKistance to the progress of, the
race. The essay, benides being- a eulogy
of Queen Victoria, at times comes near
being n tirade ugaliiHt a life exclusively
devoted to the pursuit of pleasure. Still,
even when Mius Corelli utters her bltter
ect anathemas, albeit at times she grows
theatrical, her ; very earnestness com
mands attention.' A few paeaages from
the book will show the trend of Its
thought: ",' ,' •*
The Passing of the. Great Queen.
Mr. Long, who is a young Philadelphia
lawyer, has written in "Naughty Nan" an
American love-story which Is aaid to be
as powerful in its way as was his Japan
ese story, "Madame Butterfly."
John Luther Long, whose first novel,
"Naughty Nan," was issued by the Cen
tury Company February 23, is the author
of a number of remarkably successful
short stories, one of which, "Mad^ine
Butterfly." has been a stage success^; r
more than a year. It is understood that
an ooera based on the same tale is being
written by the Italian composer, Giacomo
Puccini, whom Verdi called "the most
promising of his successors." Mrs. Fiska
is .now appearing in a dramatization of
another story of Mr. Long's — "Dolce."
One of the features of tho March num
ber of the Critic will be a comprehensive
biographical and anecdotal paper on "Or.
Tlniriic Ibaen." The letterpress will be
furnished by Mr. Chriatian Brlnton. ami
the Illustration*, which number over %
¦core, nnd include numeroua portraits and
cnrlcatterea, 'are by Erik Werentktold.
Curio de Fornaro, Ernest llaakell, Felix
Valloton, Bernard Partridge, Robert Dry
den and others. In addition to these,
there will aUo be facsimile reproduction*
of Ibsen MS3., together with original
drawings and costume sketches by Dr.
Ibsen.
Mr. H. C. Chatford-Taylor is about to
publish a new novel, upon which hejhas
been at work for nearly two 1 years* It
is to be called "The Crimson Wlngr." r an<l
will be Issued in February by Messrs.
Herbert S. Stone & Co. The subject is a
more serious one than this writer has
undertaken in other novels, as the Franco-
Prussian War forms the background. The
two heroines are French, but the hero la
a German, and this gives an opportunity
for effective contrasts and exciting; situa
tions.
" 'Oh, scarcer. Well, Jimmy thought the old
lady had lived long enough — eighty years,
really, are pretty good Innings — and he gave
her Insect powder in her barley water.' "
¦ There is a good deal more In the same
s -aln. The book is written with a fair
degree of cleverness— of a certain sort.
As was ones said apropos of something
else, "For those who like this sort of
thing, it is just the sort of thing they
like." (Published by D. Appleton & Co.,
New Xork.)
" 'Why he killed his grandmother, you know.
That we all knew, but, of course, one hever
liked to mention It. It was one of those under
stood things which aren't said. It was for the
rubies, you know — the famous Southcote rubles.
Poor Lord Jimmy was In love with Ruby Mon
tague—the girl with the high kick; you've seen
her. She was always uppish (her papa waa a
fishmonger), and she would wear nothing but
rubles, because of her name. Rubles are scarce,
you know.'
" 'Aa scare* as truth.' I acquiesced, with a
bit of muffin.
11 'What about him?' said I.
" 'Isn't it sad, dear Mrs. March, to think
that the truth has come out at last about poor
Jimmy Southcote?"
"Mrs. Urabazon went out to tea the other
day — she haunts teas — looking lovely and dis
gustingly young In a big black hat, the kind
that kicks up and makes one side of you look
saucy, and drops down on the other and gives
youE right cheek a sentimental air.
••Do you know. BM1, I've got to a time in
mi' life when I need support, not only finan
cial which I can't accept even from you. but
a kind of moral prop, which only my eoualn
BUI can «upply? The time of life I've got to
!• horrid; people don't talk about it much. I
call It the pepper-and-Batt staee — that la tn«
age when one's front hair begin* not to match
one's Uck hair. I -till look young In th«
back; my waUt goes in btautlfully. thanks to
a resoluto meat dl«t during a portion* of «v«ry
year. My toque (which U always a imart on«
—you wmumber my ta«:« In h»t»?) »hown
warm ch«»tnut lock* at the back, but In front—
iin't It dlMUJtlnK? Nature has erlmped my
hnlr, but the early mow of premature middlo-
Air« has begun to powder tht waves. Men tell
ma 11 U 'f«tchlnB'—th<» sort of men who nwear
they luvo a pug noia unle«» th«y'r« talking t >
a woman ,wlth a Grtclan on«! • • • What
l« mo tlre«om« about m« la thnt aa my face
grows older my heart grows younger. All thi
tii-i.vs I'vu sustained during my earthly pll-
Krlmago hav« left my power* of criulutlty un
impaired. I am. always meeting Komefcody 1
thlnK 1 could lov«. The Homebody has «uwu>*
a Dreviuua attachment, or also ho salla for
Houth Africa, or India, or the North Pole a.
day or two alter I meet him. Charlie doesn't
count. What Is the good of a husband who'a
a aullor and who llV€B principally or. thus west
coast of Africa? .* • • 1 want a man who
will run errands for me, take me to the play,
save me trouble at every turn, und dote upon
me— discreetly. Now I Hnd if they dote they
ain't dlsireet, anl.lf they're discreet they don t
dote. It's very discourasii>ff. I tell Charlie
that for me he doesn't exist. If one day In a
fit of absence of mind I should marry some
body, there isn't a judge in all Kngland who
would convict me of bUamy. How can one
believe in a husband whom one never sees?
• • • • Do you know Mrs. Bobby Brabazon? —
a good-looking woman, ten years older than I
am, who looks ten years younger. I hat 3
.women like that, don't you? It's so deceitful.
• • • Mrs. Bobby is very soft and sweet.
She is a. kind of moral survival of the medieval
prisoners. She picks out a victim and distills
little drops of calumny into his cup of life
until she has killed his reputation, and she
purrs t»o gently all the time! She has large
green eyes, quite lovely, and she fastens them
on your face, and what with them and her
rolls of beautiful eolden hairs and her sweet
little undulating gestures, you are hypnotized
and flnd yourself babbling the secrets of your
soul, and next day you go out to tea and meet
them with trimmings. • • •
Mrs. Poultney Blgelow has ' *j" te » ' *
novel in the form of a series of letters.
The correspondence is supposed to De
carried on by a London woman of society,
Mrs. March.- and her cousin. Lord Darra
way. The title of the book £. "Whtt*
Charlte Was Away." "Cnarlie' is Mrs.
March's husband. What goes on in the
gay set in which Mrs. March moves dur
ing the absence of Mr. March from Eng
and forms the subject of the •letters.
Quotations from the book itself will give
the best idea of its tone: . Y- S- "¦<
While Charlie Was Away.
"Jim and Kittick, a life Sketch From
Nome Beach." a touching bit of Eskimo
color from the pen of an Alaskan writer
who has studied the Intimate life of the
natives, appears in the March Overland
Monthly. "A vila: An Idyl of Southern
California." is a lyric by Tracy and Lucy
Robinson that smells of the sea and the
hills, and is beautifulyy embellished by
the miniatures that accompany it.
Literary Notes.
, Morgan's Men. '
•••>«•_ ._ -- .. .
"Morgan's Men" is an historical story
for boys. The hero, Stuart Schuyler, i«
a young captain of cavalry, who fights in
the army of the United Stages during- th©
Revolutionary War. The scene of the tale
Is laid in South Carolina at the time when
the Americans came into conflict with the
forces of vTarleton. The story is all about
the Vicissitudes and the glories of war.
It' Is a bright, dashing tale of the sort
that young boys like. (Published by Lit
tle, Brown & Co., Boston. Price U 20.)
unconscious knowledge before it can be
accounted a.n absolute possession."
On the right of poetry to be considered
an educational agent, at once humanizing
and uplifting. Miss Whiting cannot speak
in sufficiently high praise. On the subject
of the place of poetry in the Ideal system
of education she says:
"There are poets whose voices call to us
from the starry spaces and who give to
us the clew to the meaning of life; who
relnsplre us with courage and hope, with
patience and persistence, which should
always be united, and with that faith
"The world of. literature is sis wide as
the world of humanity, and the object. -if
this little tour is to turn the searchlight
on a limited selection of the more vit*il
ranee of expn ssion that appeals to thn
FjjIrltuaJ life: that arouses aspiration nud
convictloni and that liberates energy,
miner than tq dally with admiring con
tetnplntlon or trltltal anulynl'n of literary
lifhuty. Thcr«» are author* whose works*
me u 11 vine force in every age und from
whom we may well select matter thnt In
.funt-n new anior and purpone Into lift 4 .'
In this fhprclttl quest restriction U p^r-
I hup* more to the purpose than expan
sion. Ai.ii- book! Mini able esirfya have
¦ i.tiii,.tn<-ii in. i.n v cxi • llt-iH-.-* and In
vited their rrndfra to fnre forth In corn
fKt quent of Thucyrildr*. Pinto. MomT.
Cwldrron, Dantr. Hlmk^suearc 1 , Goethe—
but thin little volume alm« to concern H
nelf chiefly with that tanRe of reailltiK
which ha* n direct application to the qual
ities of life." .
In pursuance of the putpoec In vl»?w.
Mb* Whiting enumerates t».e different
typti of books which have had a potent
influence In the development of the race,
tn the case of certain bonks their con
tents nre outlined, while from others quo
tmionsof the most striking passages are
iriven. In the first chapter there is put
forth a strong plea for the necessity of a
{udk-ious- selection of books to be read by
the young. The author says very wisely:
"There Is much In even the greatest lit
erature that a child in the nursery may
easily learn to appreciate and love. Fa
miliarity with noble thought and beautiful
expression influences . the subconscious
nature to a degree of unguessed potency,
and irresistibly leads the spirit thus finely
touched onward to all fine issues. Num
berless are the passages in Shakespeare— '
as the description of Cleopatra's barge,
1 he scene of the witches' heath In "Mac
beth," the forum in "Julius Caesar"—
which will enthrall the imagination of the
<J:ilu and enlist a far deeper Interest than
does the silly and meaningless rhyme too
often thrust upon juvenile reader?.
* • • This is the fortunate time,
indeed, to familiarize the mind with a
large proportion of that literature of the
past for which the crowded years of later
lire have little leisure. The HKS'.mllative
power of the child's mind for much of the
best in all literature is usually underesti
mated. The storlt-H of the lives of great
men are recognized as a part of the men
tal culture of youth, and to these can be
added ihow of the Impressive figures of
crt and literature, as well as the heroes of
action. • • • If comprehensive knowl
edge of that which is best In the
world of books, united with Judicious se
lection and unfaltering attention, can but
lead a child onward Into literature, any
tjlrl or boy should, by the age of sixteen,
be well grounded In all the various
branches of literary activity. Yet it Is by
no means uncommon to find, high school
and college graduates— young people
equipped with all the technique of schol
arship—who are yet strangely unfamiliar
with literature. It Is not going too far to
say that if thla familiarity Is not a grow
ing poBsesKion, from the nursery up, it
can never be absolutely acquired. For
literature must be assimilated into " life
and contribute to that reservoir of the
which is the substance of things not seen.
* • • Poets, who ; hold over us this
high dominion inspire the >. conditions on
which 'Maeterlinck insists; when he says:
" 'We should live as*if'We.,wjere always^
on the ev« pf the g^reat revelation, and we'
should be ready * with welcome.' with
warmest and keenest and': fullest, most
heartfelt and intimate welcome.' And
what the. form if shall take on. the day
IN "The World Beautiful In Books,"
Liilian Whiting's latest work, there
is much which many will find not
only interesting but helpful as
well; The book is an inquiry
into the part which literature plays
in helping to build up the spiritual na
ture of man. Miss Whiting first discusses
those intellectual and spiritual needs of
man. which he must satisfy, if he is to
reach the highest development of which,
hells capable; and then shows how the
various kinds of books can help toward •
the satisfaction of those needs. In the.
introductory portion of the work the au
thor says of its purpose:
"Literature and life are so absolutely
interpenetrated that they can only • 1* ,
regarded in the lig..t of a series of cause;,
and effect, each reacting upon the other
in determining: influence. By the magic
of some 'spiritual alchemy reading; -is
transmuted into tbc qualities which build
up character, and these qualities in turn
determine the further choice of books, so
that selection and result perpetuate them
selves, forming an unceasing contribution
to pocial influence. If a man's life is but
ilv- sum of the expression of his thought .
the very power and the degree of this
thought depend largely' on his range of
reading. Books are thus intimately asso
ciated with the very springs of character,
and a man's biography is recorded in a
library that has grown with his thought
and is the expression of his intellectual
evolution. Tho book that he has lived
with and associated with -certain phases
of growth becomes a part of his essential
life. • • •
that it comes to us, the best -way of all to
prepare for its fitting reception is to crave
for it now, to desire it as lofty, as perfect,
as vast, as ennobling as the soul can con
ceive.' - . , , •' ••' . • ' ."¦ ';• ; ¦
"Of the ppets who*spea"k to the spirit-
Dante, Milton, Goethe, Shelley,
worth, Tennys'pn' and Browning— no one
has ' given more , impassioned expression to
that ideal which. beckons on .beyond sun
and star than his Shelley in his "Prome
theus Unbound.* H is a poem. so great in
its mysterious, incalculable force, that it
comes to be, not alone an imaginative cre
ation, but a human document, mirroring
thedetpest experiencesjfcfjlifei- *
"The degree. to which one is \ enabled to
dominate his own ,;life; in. the sense of. con
trolling ;an(J selecting - and - grouping;. ,lta
btitcri events is precisely fm proportion to
the spiritual . power • he has -achieved, and
this power depends i largely on^ his choice
and range of reading.^ *•¦• "¦¦*' The 'inner
life, that is- Ufed— the "life . of . reading,
tnought, aspiration, p'urposeand prayer
dominates and determines the outer li-fe.
It creates- it. 'And when one;feeft help
lessly drifting. at the mercy of events his
only safety lies in -a more positive . and
abounding energy; in deeper purpose and
firmer grasp on his Intellectual life, a
higher and diviner trend to his thought
and a closer clinging to the divine prom
ises. - *..... ,
"Nor is the result hardly less Indebted
to the literature of belles lettres than to
that qf ethics: for spirituality, that high
est degree of energy, is the product : of
both intellectual und moral culture, of
taste and refinement blended with aspira
tion and high -purpose." »
A wide range of reading in the novel is
-advocated aa a. means of giving needed
relaxation of mind and of helping toward
a better understanding of the complex
phases of human character. Hooks by the
best writers on ¦ scientific subjects Miss
Whiting .considers at. scarcely ; less value
us an aid toward widening tU* spiritual
outlook than works devoted exclusively to
ethics and fellglrin.' For, m cording to W»n
Whiting'* view, there Is no-reul contllct
Iwtween the' gteut principles of scionce
mill of religion. 80 Ml*s Whiting ndvlscx
n« n help to a wider Intellectual und
moral culture an acquaintance with the
more popular works of the lending eclcn*
tUtu , nt |.-:i*t a* well n m n m inly of the
Kt'-m religious and philoHOphlcul works
which iin\i- proved a source of inaplrutlun
to the different races of men.
Thorn? acquainted with the former work*
of Mlrs Whiting will expect to find this
•Hi", tike -the others, d'tillngulphed by a'
lofty mural tone and by u desire to win,
a hearing for the great touchers who h«vp
Ktrlven to make the' world a mot e beauti
ful and u better place In which 1 to Hv«.
"The World Beautiful In Books" will be
of special aesistance to v young lovers of
books, who need sukpchUoiis as : to what
the world considers \he books most worthy
to be read, and who from lack of experi
ence have not as yet Carried that the In
fluence of books In giving !i bias to char
acter Is but little leirs than that of th«*
persons by whom they are. surrounded.
(Published by Little. Brown & Co.. Bos
ton. Price Jl.) . ,: ; • • ;
she suggests that they visit it for sup
plies before starting out for America, aa
Lord Tiverton has proposed to do. They
imagine that the Duke will not be able
to reach the place befpre they leave.
Unfortunately they are tempted by the,,
prospect of eating a good dinner once
again to prolong their stay. While they
are making very merry at table In walks
the irate parent. But his anger la not
proof against his daughter's coaxing
and he not only forgives the young peo
ple in • a very proper way, but flnd3
means to entl all their difficulties. -¦?The
book does not contain one dull line. 'The
style is delightfully quaint, and the
events of the ill-starred honeymoon both
original and . amusing. Published by D.
Appleton & Co.. New York.)
Iiatred of poverty. She makes the Ac
quaintance of a son of Fellows, a disso
lute fellow, who promises her a lira of
luxury if she will leave her parents for
Mm. Betty runs away from home, leav
ing her father and mother without a clew
to the direction of her flight. While Bet
ty is away home Cyrus sells his oil w.ell*
to Fellows at a ridiculously low
price. Warner leaves the money he re
ceives with his wife, and starts out for
Michigan, where he has heard there are
valuable iron mines. Warner does
discover a " rich 'mine. He returns
¦with the good news to his wife. Th.e
day of Warner's return Eetty comes back
to her parents in a dying condition. Goad
ed to desperation at - the .cruelties of
young Fellows she has put an end to-her
miserable life witi him by killing^im. •
Betty dies before the vengeance of tne
law can reach her. Just before her death
there comes to Warner a letter in which
Anthony Fellows offers to buy the mine
upon which Warner has built- so many
new hopes. Warner knows that if he re
fuses Fellows' request it will mean ulti-
m Driven to desperation by all the- wrongs
he has suffered from Fellows and his son
Warner determines to kill Anthony * ei
lows. The chance to do it is given War
ner, but at the crucial moment he fans
to carry out his intention. And tne
story ends. (Published by the Jamleson-
Jllggins Company,, Chicago.)
'SXJyt'AY CALL.
14
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
Striking poster of "Audrey," Mary Johnston's latest book, published by Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston.
Impressions
/¦Quarterly's
Not a "populir" mafszlnc,
but one (hit will fnttrcit
•II thoughtful rtaderi. , , .
Ihf "¦Irvrnmn-tfrnlry ronlro.
very, iwi polnti of vl«W|
S'Th- IV1II1 i.f Prophecy," "A
tiui! An e lean Polttr," ct&
!¦ not a tubicrlbtr purchait
(Sc currrnt number (IS centi)
• ' tubicrlbe for tht .year
I Elder and Shcpard
! 238 POST STREET
S NOW ISSUED. ?
Chnrl«« W.irr«n Ht,Mlit.,r<l'-
"fn the Footprints
of ]he Pcdres."
Mr. Stoddim! fn-h forth In this
work hh r-rolln't on* of r.irlv
days In Cnlifomh. ncmitlfullv
illustrated. BooU lollfctur*
should place orders nt once In or* I
der to secure copies of first edi-
tion.
PRICE »77o NET.
a. m. roFertsoi^
PtiMUhgi'. 20 t'o«t KtMK.^
_SLl! "* ' " "•— *— ca smatl place not far from Athens, the
same, by the way, that gave birth, to th*
original Jupiter. His first education wns
Kl'Tin^it In Athens, where he graduated
fronj thn college. He wns then trnlned
for a professional runner, and at tho
present, time this old Greek challenges
nny man over 40 years to outrun him
either In speed or rtlstnnce. from a-pro
fessional runner ho. bnnimo n model for
sculptors urul pnlntem In the city of
Athens, nnd here ho Itrst learnod that he
resembled Jupiter. Hn claims that nearly
ovrry stntue In Athens has his flgurn and
iv composite of his face together with the
pictured ffiiitures of Jupltnr. Through this
rotnArkablo rcsomblance hU photographs,
It U Hiilii, bi'i'Miii.t the rago In tlreece.
There hn wa« lionised, feasted ami show
ernd with vnrlmiH honors. King Otho of
Ui'i-iTi! at mm iiiii-i presented htm with n
ini'ilnl, which Im hiiyi* hn iltd not aueept,
for bin in ii my w.im not an accomplish*
iiiniii, only a nntural gift,
I-*, in lit- r> >r William nf (lermany, hearing
nf hln fiuihi iih u niinlul, «ont an artlat to
AMii'iiH with thu ii.|iiiMi Unit ii |ii.iiii.i
might tie iii. iilu nf him, Thu ni'im-Mi waa
tji.uii- .1 and Mi" iili'iuru luinga now on thu
wullrt i)f Dim li.viil |i.il.ii'it. Hut Ni.'liMln.i
iiiinH not »iHr» miipn for H*»n KrannlMim,
"Th«y flu not apptPi'lHta »rt here," lha
utiv« in f>n i they do not know Juptiar
when they >n--n him, tionn, whan h« Iihm
iinitia«Hi| h few iiuii.ud, whloh he pxpe(ita
tu tin thifiUHh the »ule of hlg lifeihlittoryi
now written In Ureek, but to be h.mi =
Ini^il Into i'intjiioii, he will return to nu
beluvefl AiiiMi'i, h lit i r. ,i in., ii,,. i in vhhm
of age, the only remaining inein^r nt the.
ftuiiiiv, i« awatiirm Iilin, in hh im. 'mii
thM Mllrt'l nl. I i'lin|i frtllli-3 Etbotlt With
him a imt'ket uf letter*, ami nmuhif them
la tv .vfiinwii prr;ip with M signature 1 of
I'iiiHlnnil'B Binml uld tnattj Wllllaln UUd<
etotiel iilsu tins bIkihiIiuo uf Jiittiperof
perhaps the art.students and the Latin
riuorter could not bonst one of the finest
models In the world to-day. '
old fellow takes a brisk walk tr> the Cliff
House and back as an appetiser,
Nlcholos Is Sfl years of age, born In Pinto,
Old Jupiter, or the photograph man, ns
thpy cnll him, Is an odd bit of humanity!
a philosopher from he«l to crown, curing
iiiaight for 4iion«y, naught for friends,
little for food or clothes. His onn full
ing Is his abnormal craving for admira
tion, and that Is his life. To' tflll htm
(hut hn looks like Jupiter Is to win hts
everlasting rfgnrd. Ask him for n photo-
Baph with his signature on It and hn will
land you his last shilling, No mnttnne
biro over enjoyed thn photographlo crHiti
more~thnn do*s this old Greek, who vends
papers for, a living.
Jn thn enpnclous pockets of his great
coat he hris bundles ami packages, all se>
cutely wrapped; photographs, all sixes
nnd shapes, and these urn nlwnys carried
with him, He scatters them about the
niinlliiH, given ilnuii to the students and
to everybody, uuywhero and ovorywhere,
for what purpose no one known, unleiia it
la to Immortalise his fa«e, All hla apara
money goes to the photographs Aaliln
from "'I* Nii'iinioa la rationnl, «lihnus)i
It In paid by thopa who know him thnt
Ilia iiiniiH uf living la MiiiiiHwhiii phimiIIh,,
Afiur Mi" iiiHiiner nf a few Other Phllna*
epliaFB, NIcIioIob dties not sleep on » hert.j
ii" lias ft far mors nlmple niHiinni: iiuu nf
picking out a soft np'ii mm ih« floor of hla
litre IIMIw ro.nii, n.iiint} up In hla im^t,
it Ml without blanket or plllew proceeds, to
lake "nature's §wept restorer," Ills feed
IP OJIS nf III* lnrtMl I'MliplilnnillMllis^n lilt
61 iii-Mnt and eiieeee fur IiIb luneh, som^
iiiiiP3 niii" and fruit er eeup fur hip din
tiei'i tiMppy man I Ills tnenu and hl§
ltouaehald dutl«ti eaui^ nit* little, worry.
When not peslng or Baling naper^ this
On« of Nicholos' best-known tralta Is
to give presents. Bomatlrrtes when after
posing for a few hours ha Is paid th«
tujatomitry fee he will accept It and walk
out, but In a short time back he wilt
« •urn* bearing some little fanciful bit, gen*
erally artistic, and say: "A present, a
present." Sometimes this gtneroua spirit
wilt iiiuvn him when selling papers. Home
day, should you buy of him, you need
not ii" astonished '-> huvn the seannd
paper thrust into your, hand nnd thu
niriii'i iffu i-'ii, Mi'|:«iIm.-» uttytny, ":*•>, no;
ih'iihimii, i-i •¦ ttn i ." 'i'u iiiu it uaelsM, r.n-
Nirin. i-m iiii.ii i.'t.in.i i din' i:ikj|i.-.|i an we
rin hl« <lr«ek, m* wh«n h« KlV>i* n> prenant
there »r« to be uo etplttnAtliina, (|<l a'vtM
liaitlliua th<* Splrll inOV«i* hlllli be(!MU»e i,i
\,.hui nmnay »«a nunvhii nml than ( too,
|ii:|l|<U'a lit. II Ua (0 b'i <iHHim:,| I,,- 059*11
' 'lM'lr.1 II.iHmII WhfHI AH (llli ll..«*J|i-li-rtl
m«n tin th» t'niiier un»>fii» i i | t»'iily hhmbhn
them with <» tflft> At nny rnt« Niyholu§
1.4 i'"° ot Hi- .iii<iini<-,i modslii thrtt evey
ililfif-l In it. • lnii.i.ui H. I", .ii.-l i-oii, .,.«
wh«<u /¦" inn i.iut,,.,i i.i .mi, .'H4 i».-. wilt
ll" l."tlri " HI.IM>.. -lntr.l, l|m |,|...lMm-UllH
which h» in-- p- •..ii..,n.i .ii-.., i her« will
be pieltpil up anil tfi'rtsurfil, fur there wilt
tiurely ii«Ver be mi-iiii- r .f-uiit«r In our
ttlldsti
One of Nlcholos' favorite putimes be
tween poses at th« studios Ii to amus*
the students' with Impersonations— not of
Greek frodn this time, but of modern
notable**. Not it word of English can ha
sprnk except these few names, which ho
calln out with parrot-like precision, but
his fnco Is eloquent, and h« clapa his
hands together to attraot attention.
Washington. h« will announce, assuming
a posture; Ql.idatonfl, another pose, and
so in down a list nt names he stands and
goes through the gestures supposed to b«
characteristic— they nro certainly amus
ing. Ill* every pose Is & ptctur*. but
when It come* to Impersonations they
possess no merit whatever. ,
William, and next the precious photo
graphs of himself are these letters tre**
ured.
NI0H0L0S THEODOUEENITIS— THE GREEK "JUPITER."
work; one haw to remain In mnny dllll
cult poses, until the tirod muicleiVdch*
with a strain, lint Emanuel falls In
such plcturcsqun attitudes that am at
th« same tlmo so natural hn psrnpes
many of the hnrdshlpi of model life.
When It first horn inn known In thn art Int
world thnt the boys in thn qunrti'r hnd
onpiurnd n gem of a model this old build
ing wns besieged wllh demands; every
ortlut unntr-d to borrow him, In a word,
KmanuH wns famous, That, wns thru*
yours nun, nnd slnrn thnt tlmn thrm hnvn
been fuw artists, studvnts or even dab*
blcni that hiVi not reproduced bin tact]
in wondfr it Is. the most familiar one In
thn city,
I5verywh*rn thr-ra nrn skalohrs of him;
pvery Htiidlo hn» nt b<nst hnlf a doaon;
thtro Is never nn exhibition or n illnpluy
of iiny kind thnt n or n pnlniliiff
of HiIh model Im nut Htihmltled, Aflor nl
mnst «l yi»nr» of notnpnrHtlvi) oblivion
Kimmiiftl Iihh "nrrlved," and his "nrrlviil" '
Ii. nil dun to that young genius wllh long
imlr who skntnhcd along tho wntnr front
I iirm .Vili I ;< HgO,
I'liiiiiiiui'l Is a grout old nhnp, sny the
Inyit wllh wlmm he llvfs, if u run till <i
••mi viii ii wltli *'i..v one) Im r/in «lim iv
PortUffllOia lovn i-iiou with hln own ftq»
i'iiiii|i'ioliniml nil Him biiiijn, ,„• I,,, ,,,,,
iImimm ii IiimiIhImwii. Mini im id I M y iIiivh
when Hi*' buy* htp nut worldnti \>» gen*
• ihIIv ilniifc fill of t ti t-n ; 'J'llf'ia In ilin
old Ntudlo wIipi* THvernlpp, Vlrsll WIN
iiniiip, .inii * I'lMinf*. and {niter t'ntMp, hkui=
tuib liftllint'r Mini irimiy oili^i» or nup (met
known HHlt=iM Imvp lield jinks, thu tmyH
.¦Miimr*uiili« Muniiiil A ii'Mihitf flr§ Hiitl
(•OHM HliliiMin-l IlltO If IIIIIM A Blnl-y, I llit-n
of ilia fnv.u iiip in how hf l^n horns ever
nfevpiity yf-ars ngo and haa never set foot
on Iiip native land pin-n.
"Vuii fw, it wiih ail this wny-1 hft'j n
iviii they i>!iy tm tr* stnti wnt-king,
H'-iiim & model Is not always fu< ii e&ny
m ii/iini. inn when hn took th« pencil wi.rnv*
how It lYfiiHf'd to work, then his ikipttji
for th" HtnuiKi 1 looking boy who had miuln
the ittibborn pencil obey him went up
I wo mmlm, nnd l«t*»r wh#n this Mint boy
nxkrd him If he would llk« to k<> hnnm
with him mid bn a model nil the tlmn h*
unld nil rlRlu, though hn was not nt nil
sura whut model m^ant.
!!« noon found out, bowev#r, fur wht-n
h»» rf«<hcd tbn old pl»rn / whftri* his honifi
Is now mII thn boys of the fjuarlrr wprn
t her** ninl when they unw ono of thilr
iiunilrcr n/fiiluK In with thnt IIvIiik plctuVi
by tits side they knew whnt II mount and
mi up ¦• shout of welcome, ilefbrit Im
knew wii.it wiih im|i|,i iiIum the old fallow
wh« biliiK piiM-d this whv and Mini; ona
of Hn ihim. run out for n- nuununt ninl
irimiiiil with nn HhHiii inn ni ii| hats,
umiIc and nil Mi, iii' uf 1 1 1 < >< i • i piiniphnif
ni.ihi. Hiibli iii'w ini'i him try op mh> i.y
hum. ISmanupl by this time w«m nm fiultfl
inn Hint lie wuiili-it to slay where Ilia
InijkH Mil eiflOl'ii SO ilitf\, bill mo lli<<y
ftviiMHi ii nround him nnd in- fuuud lilrn>
sulf "it" in evpry ppiiei of (h» word ha
Hi iti^t deelded that tliup wmh rosily no
'i« in.- 1 Hint thn novelty whk worth trying
for MWlillfi, n(=|ipflHlly wfter th^y hint
four Ml* «<>¦ hour to Nit fllll. liinninim
Kttll chueklep ttver the ink« ef any one
j'Bvine bftii tu i r <=? . us ht* ii hup It.
"I ftlwhjH wmkrii for jny niiiiipy bs^
for* 1 ) but now wlifiii i hih old mid eaBDOt
his rout Inprl. rnrno up and showed him n
p|i*tur»» HiHt h^ hud made. "Dlo» mlo, It
wns myself, flttlnK tiu-re with my hat off,
Just mm it. ...i b«en n little while before,"
soys EmnnuH. Knowing nothing of art
or nrtlMM Hip old Portuguese at onca be*
<ami» mm h lnt^r« < l«tndJ he wanted to
skrtch, ton; it looked so #>asy, so hn tried
WHAT would th<> hmln quirttr
(1« without EmanuH Josepn?
Old Emunufl, the r<irtu*ue**
model, who looks for nil «b»
world Ilk* ii famous "Dinner"
•tapping right out of n fifteenth century
ennvas, with his wrinkled vlNsge, tils I :
%hit^ hair and hooped earrings. Th^m is
no If^m of hittory during th«* pn>it tlii^e
>•«!¦!¦¦ In the student qunrtrr thst ntnnUh
"tit rnorp boldly thsn thf discovery of
» old Knidniifl, for mind you, he wss not
iihsuyn n niod^l— IndM'd, no; he hss b^-^n
i» nihti of nffniis In his days, whnli r,
miner, ¦ iiu.iii !, but s"nifhow fnl«» want
*¦<] him for a m'»d<-l. mi fhe waifhfd ht-r
cJunr# Mini on» day wh^n hn w«s count.
In* "i' bow tnnny birthday* bi> Ji"d hnd
snd ji-iw insny mor*» ha wanted, she
niM<#<) him, ttn hfrn It" Is, Down In th*
ilil jttudlo loilldlng lit Oil C\«y itrwli wny
tp !!•* i.ii nil') niKbtH of narrow itilrwsy,
»#i ran <¦¦ f -•<•»,. i in ,< room nff tin- Imll,
where clevrr nudrntu rung r^s«t(
!.m (<« Mud)', ir Mr r.ni'i"-""' I" bn In II
guild blinuu bn IVlll tf || you till lllt'HIl liir.v
hi< IB Hie. Ill flvi- U|) In IllM H WllHlf Illllld
¦..ni.., ..!,..) fur ndd JuliM iinil 'niw nn
n$ diij luinifi into .i proftPiilonil tnmiui.
i\p *-(ni», luiii mill itiHinuiiii Hitlnn tind
%pr<w\Qn i'H uniy ICmnnuel <'«n | B H ili
.hi (jIih'H, owlni in our |M« ?Hi" lunguwui
uii, Mil bi« delfflfjtn (IIhImi muitl'it, goes
"IHH-lllllK 111 , II, i,
(in« d»> while rejtlni duwn on Urn
i,.., i i,« ,.,.,i.,,i up etifi «*aw h MrAiin"
l«nkln« l»n> worklne «w«y for ilewi life
With U 1 r ,,. II n,,.| ,. n ,., i !,- ) ,l|, |, l(i thai l.h
ftiwfl> »• le^faed hi« w«y Biflioufl nt efluno
wsfitf=d to know what «... l,Hng ilt>ne, p9
Ii*' < Alt^fl *-Ut, Myllig, "YOUMg fHBU, niP
>nii \tflhn tb liondftfl ine?" t TliMi thn
ihung frit'iw, win), fintii Btfldfliitt'i irll*
IhR, bad lirntitlful Infifi Imlr, a fitiWlHB lie,
e<"l no Ooubt Wote a lltllo ROld jmMfe Oil
Thin onalnt bit of humanity called tho
Qroek phllfisnphiT bus nn odit fancy based
upon somn foundation; for In rnnllty he
does ti'ppmbln jho plclVrew of Jupiter.
When tlm World's Exposition wns In s«»
slon In Chlciiffo during the yenr 1803 Nlch
olon Tbfodoiii'ciiltlti'hled him from clansla
AiheiiH to this country; where he con
liMnplntcil piu'Riiliif thn very ndd/nt of
ddd vocations— Hint of linperHonntliiR tha
no<\h of nnclont Qrwoe, That ha whs
liihly siicoesHfiil In this at thn World's
Ji'ulr Im iivliii'iu'i'ii by thn fact that hn wns
given much newspaper notoriety, much
drill hit, and Into bin pooket camo no
miihII Hinount of money, »\ wonderful
mmii" K»ld Ohlnagn, 'llowevar, whon h«
Ultil In rulifnitltt til*) vIhHiiim at Hi., mi, |.
winter ffllr Into Hrtmlrerpi of OreeH (rod5
I'" found (0 ill" 'ilHiimy that, nwliiK tinilK
Ably to wiiiiim niiiMMiiii Influence, tlie «'niu
fonilft peoiile 1 preferred Inking g eamel
ildo duwti Hip NlFe^ts uf ChIfo or pi) ex*
liiiitiiiiiiiH whirl on the Nt<t>n(u rflilwHy to
PturtyliiH n llvliif PM«niple of tli^ i'IhbhIl'h,
Ore§j« gods wers it flat failure In am
L'raHGtiGei mull timimii iili'ture^me old
Nh'liulos Is fat* tuo, uouFteous to my so (
iimi II ha did mil one ut km In ti theusand
ttniiiii t'liinpt-t'lii'tiii IiIh Ureelt tongue, he
tlilnkn thnt tlllN IP n Jn.V town. ttnw«vn ,
II is m ill wind- Hint biowa nabtidy good.
liflii tiUl lilfl full- Vfiittile pioVed ti fHlhiru
Do you want an evening pnper with a
rtnnh of phllosopby. a short conversation
In Orcok nnd n wood look at tho modern
Jupiter! nil for a nickel? WpII, It Is yours
for the taking, and a bargain, too. Very
fow proplo know thn Jupiter Is here ami
Is holding court down on Market street,
near thn Pithieo Hotel, whero he sells
papers' for n living, nut ho Is;' If you
don't bellava It, look at his picture. If ho
Isn't Jupiter, then he Is a relncnrnnted
Homer. But thn greatest compliment that
can be paid him Is to t;eoognlM without
being first told that ho resembles tho
former.
Kmnnue) certainly knew* how to «nter*
<aIiij his Glories are always worth liHt#n»
ins to, Nit wonder tlm buys" tmnsliier him
nifJi an import ant future of Hie miarisr,
', hi \UW<* t'*'»ni whlrh he tiai'tiples In a
lVpIoiIW &"* "*>'• tin vins nothing #l»i
i'i do ninl it guild I'll «t mffohltf in th*lr
) .%iil = , Ilif elHHl M AtlOUl to Of r'lliifn Ilin
Model's "boiidnlt 1 ," nn they i»ll It. A» tlia
i firippniifiifin rif this wbdlliiijl deenrntlnn
liffifiliuH'a' I'ndtn In <oVPi'frt with it hllft*
rlnti* iiutli 9t "Vpij thins, from ballot girl*
tu i hi' Venus tU Mil": from nl-Hi h-n of
I5m«nuel himself lu rinstel studies of
tr»-".<i. Marines, lftbdfCR|)ia£nd flBtire* run
riot on the wnllp, i'Hllnif«*ven on the
liuclt of tin! door, "\ff hln cot Mmanuel
kf-ep* hi* hate, Homo torsi?, tome smiill,
nil Uinils mid 'Mtsr>p; most (if them w<sr«
given him to posfl in, but Ii" wears th#nt
oil tht» «tim<», utiiflftlmeB appearing on th<s
sIl.H With II UnllllU'rl'M, ((iilllPlllili'B It III-
Ho derby, that ftttN on hl« heiid Ilk* a Wil
liam Trill apple. C'onts there nre, too, nit
kinds, but m» mhrft of thi»m htive been do.
rintnd nnd Kmnntt^l \n timipiinlly broitd*
nhouldprcd th<?y ni" rnthrt* n imUflj fit, l)Ut
nttln doai Einantiei barli for ho known
full wr-li, JiiflKlng from all tlm hiuidrrtdn
of plt'tuiTH of blniFclf that slnr* at him
wlirrfvor In' »"i''n. Unit he in his typo la
on" of tho most plcturo»r|Uu modrls In Ban
Francisco,
Kmanuel gave up whaling nnd came to
California ah ono of the pioneers here in
the early dtiys. He mmio his fortune and
lout It when thn old AdatnH Hank here
went wrong. Sometimes, wlmn the old
model thinks of those days, he looks t.a
If he mlKht pt 111 have temper— "But we
lynched that cashier; be never hart a good
time on Ilia money," It seems four mln.
era,' one of them old KmnniieJ, had depos*
jted their money Jri tblH ". lid'nH, which whs
very noon: uft.tfp Vfli'flled by all the of*
nnlftla, and^h^. ijiQn'ey^^fl'pA^J8iit.M' B ' ( ' ftBl) *
|ep was the only ono that proved unforuu
m{» euowili to h§ PHiiKlit. ;Thfi others «¦»
csped. However, two years later, th#y
found the president of the bank, but he
hart been niSFrled In the meantime and
had a pretty baby bay, sa they let him
an, pfl>i the. old fallow,
eighteen times has Emanuel been
nround i lu> world, eighteen times ha* he
pursed within sight of tho little island
Tereelra of Portugal. Once ho mndo up
it im mind to limit and sen tho old horns
nnd his tempered mother once more, but
hi* .'a in ni ii had a Icm.l of smuggled to
bacco on bonrd so of course could not
venture nenr shore. Another .. story
which Kmruwol tHln, and which they ««y
Is a.Mcrlnl. for he him been over three
.vr.'irsi telling It nnd there are stilt a few
cKapteri to corns, Is about tho mutiny on
bnnrd tho old whaler Valkyrie when he
wns fourth mate. Bometlmes he will get
up and net how, he led. the; mutiny, how
he laid out the first mate with the handle
of a blubber^knlfff.flnd how he mode the
captain como tu t*rms. "1 was strong as
a whole crew then, and they did, not dare
to put tho Portuguese In chains," ho will
had temper. Ono. day when 1 went to a
neighbor's/, housfi near our place my
mother came In and said, 'Where's
Emanuoir In fun t hid behind a chair
for a minute, only a little minute, and
1 would have come out. Then she would
have. laughcM 'Mb kmo hlwaya "'did whsn I
teased her so. ! But ' this , time she had
temper, too, bo when11',enmo.out.laugh
ing she struck me on the face, so. :. Then
I went home.' I did not cry, but' you! see
I had temper like her. so I take aH my
clothes and got 'ready to go awny. Then
my mother she cry find, cry, but, that
was no good then. I hnrt temper 1 and I
had to go, so that night, when everybody
went to sleep I Jumped down the win
dow nnd eot to the dock, .where I knew
a whftleboat would sail the first thin* in
the morning. The mate Bay all right,
tori wan a stron* boy and' would make a
good hand, so next morning before any
one knew I hud gon« wo Mailed away. I
Kviess my mother feel pretty bad then,
but I don't Know. I neyaf go back nnd
*hn never write."
Whom '
the
and the' G^ek
TIM' SUKI'AV CAI-lii-
15
old r.MAHUEi. joGi:rn-TiiE roETur.ui;r.i: model
SAN FRANCISCO'S TWO MOST FAMOUS MODASThe Chleflfo girl 1« more like* the Run
Prnnclneo girl thnn nny of th« othr>r».
Bho has dash nnd Bo=>dr«>N»iPs» well-but
slu< Ilkm her own set and her own city
best. -Bite's Independent nnd frankly In
tcrcited in whtupv^r plrn^pn her and Junt
ll'i olll-pnlwll III. Mill tilt' IhlritfM «he •!"¦-»
not like. Just note the enthusiasm In her
wordi nu she talks.
' "Well, [hollo, Mrs. Potter. Do you know
It's awfully flood of ynu to civ this da'rictT
I niu Ju d ilylmt for a gooil whirl. 1 tuiVs
not daucei^i step slni'i- t cumewhome from
i 'iilll'iihlii three wi'i'li'i ngo. indent, 1
haven't, have, I, Jnck?
"Wt'll, therd'a Chnrlry nnd Hal. Hollo,
"Oh, Is thai Mr, ripftnrter Mnlth^ws? I
must BpenH lo him. You will pariinn me,
I know, Mrg. H"i ii >!=>. Ooed ii n« •mi >.
Mr, MtttthuwBl Olmrm^ti |0 bpo y«ti rtiitt
to im vi'-iiiirt opportunity ut thnnklii^ you
\6t flivliitf tn tho yvtirld Hint I'nimummittrt
p.4f|ift'»(p|iiii nf .vim. 1 inioiy «»f iiif* imynhit'
itvoltitluii at U'lUiniuilliibni'ttHrii!, NVp Were
iiif-'i'ii'i-'iiK- ihi" iii'iiniiiM at Hi" dub your
Clllillllil Ideim n lid I thlllk It WUM Mr-.
J, Jpromn <loofTr*\v— yt>r>, Mr». UnorTri'y—
who pxiifnf:<nil Hip oplnlfjii Mint your the
ory wu» liitpfidpil to COhVvy thn tifictrlnn
of tllllllltltlll UK eoiiei'lvrd nv,H.lili'iiti''i •
helm, iirnl I titilte roupur with lu«r=-yt'»,
Indeed. 1 uulte concur with her. I shall
i' ' "Iv" a dri'lt of frlendu In the niortilnfj
fur tho further dlieuNHlon of psychic ph»>
nomena, ntitl 1 shall rpnd a paper on noul
culture In which 1 nhnll rnd^tivor to clem
t.«i«= ti'iife the effusive tnfiurnea nf ntmos
pherld conditions on tho elrrnentnry re«
uponalvenesB tif th* third cyclp of so,il
progress us ndviiiH'd by Mrs, iiiTlriid<-
Atherton.
"It will b(v« US Kirnl (ilrnstire, Mr.
Matthpwn, If you could bo them and could
Hive U* tho beiiellt of your IdOM AlOlifl
iIichi' llnex. Vou can Ii" lliiri',' Oh. wo
hIuiII Iip so dollghted. I urn so alud to
hava nut ynu. Clood nfternoon. Bo
ch»rmcd tn Imvo mat you."
ro'on-.ent thnt Boston women «r« nil like
th#. one I portray, which la the purely In
tellectual type-in fnct, very, very Intel
lectual, Of course there are a great many
kinds of hHts and bonnets worn In H).i
ton, but tno one shown in the picture is
thn most common type— na la also the
v.Tnp— and by her dress a woman m»y be.
\m> wn, The elaasea jire flUlte InilMpeuui-
Me, fop who pouI'1 Imagine th« DOiton
vrmnn without her plnce*ne», or tha
funny little hanrtnnB they bJI earry?
JuMt rtmw a nientHl pkiure of the Ros.
ton womnn from hei 1 fonversatlon ftntl
iti whk'h you HUp itt'st of tha three typM
BlfPHrty shown, We find hep »t Bn flft'-p.
noon "eenverHanione" at the home of h»
friend,
AH i.r which la delightfully tnennaequen
tlnl, but thoroughly c hnrttctrrlntlo, and
fictn which It will Im reuillly lien Imw
nit.rh mom tnttrtfttnlngij ot [mopolitan
ii'i- Miin |.'i:iii. i . n girt hi,
Indrcti, I-.. . i , i 'iii. . point! tu her u« the
m'I' i i. uf American women*
"Oh, Jack, Isn't thin lovely? My, but I
nm no awfully dry, Won't you g«t m« a
drink. Jtirk? Oh, Chnrley, whnt'n thnt
you've got? Sandwiches find coffee, For
goodness' imkis. Oh, Jirk, Jtuit! <lo down
tni'l k'-i un «(imn n..i wi.-ii. -1 .mil • ¦ ¦ > rr . .-.
wen't ymi? I'm Junt t\n hunKry nn^h bear,
When! Foi goodlim' nnkn I thought thnt
l".v would talk m« tu death nil through
tbut dnnee."
"Oh, Jack, hnvo you a«ien Jeaa Court
land in. . Mr .• imim back from New
York? Hin' 1 i In.iiviiii: nwCully awel). I
hn|.| ¦ sho wilt huvu the - . w . ¦ I ! 1 1 ¦ ¦ • i ¦ t
HOflQ than ever now, Why In It that
•Wry burly BL'tx thn Kwiilhead whrn thoy
gu to N«w York? i nevur could undur*
nli.tnl that.
f'FflF giKidneda' wU», thtr" la that hnr»
fIMb Lord OlPn I'tUrna I mt't In N«w
yerk lust winter, lit) in the bta^nat bor«*
and l»« tpw'l «i«ti« u « HMI" hit, »mii j am
iifii going io h»vn mv flvenlni ipollfidi (
Kill up mj» prQgfamm* <tuU'h, bpyii D/ewn
=J«M!t§=Smlfhi Buy aid luimc. How rt<>
you do, Lord Olen t'«lni«? t dnn'1 i. u, ¦ .,
1 linve «?en vnn »\wt» I w*is In Nsw Ytirli
ItMl wint^c. VVhr»i» i1ld ymi t«*ttie? JiMt
001 in, How da you litip Cbteafftf Oh,
of eourofl everybody i!kp«» Chloagi%
Pfiueti Ohi t #t n i awfully nnffy, hut my
ptpgt&TtlTBi't nil flii'd liPi H'n rp'nlly tud
limit Vnll oiiHhf Id litiVn I'oliln ifiiritinf,
Vpp, yntl Will Ben hid nrtrf n Wlllln. <|um|.
by, Not ir t n#i iiim nmt. Bhl Vot
, in. ¦ - ¦ khIip don't laughi lie win h«ar
you.
"(Ill, Jilfll, illf'l'n's chip flunrot K»»r
I'tifitliitiHM* U't'tt not ml' i iiny of It,
I am 'i. ii'i: fur n wulta. My, how alk'k
the floor \#'. tlood uratious, J<»eUI for
BoortnpsH' sukel Do you want me fi
|." nil »nv tK'.ii'. 1 aim in ni.-i i -.id me not to
(Inner myiplf to death to-night. flh#
ttnowi me of old, don't line, Jttck? nm
I'm suing to have nil I want Just the
(mme. Oueh! Oh, denr, thitt man watksd
nil ovrr my foot. Il« couldn't help It,
Well, there lira othera.
hoys! • I'm nv.-fully rMA to cec you. Why
In tho world haven't you been up to aee
me? Dance! Well," I Ju.it Riieas. Old you
over know me to go to a dunce and not
dance? Well, hardly. Nit. Let me huvo
your programme, JaeU, ideust*. Let me
ere. You can't have tho first, or the third,
or th«» Hjjfth— those ii. '..in • to Ji»rk— but
ynu pan have the lecQDd waltn, t'harley,
jf you wiint It, all rlyht,
The Now York Blrf« oqnver»utlon la
.luai nu phnwy oh her olothea and quite n»
diHtlnctlve, Juat note r bi«u» of. them
Truly thn Now York NtreotR, oh; Any
pleiisuut nrternoon, present un nstonlsh.
Iiir sluht, Womoii pverywhere— dnsHt'd In
the very height of fashlou-takhiR , tho
promenade Just to aet> and ho noen. And
th(> RiiwiiH thcmselvos nro innrvploun.oro'
ntloita, One wohderi where they lln<l thn
tlmn and monny to wear auoh oostunum
And ynt, though the women teem »o
weary of It nil they initintnln ni\ CMi««r
fove'riah cxpitnmmU ovor thU (tally pit?
rude llml aiuouuiH iUiiiohI to |nt<ixlo»tlo|\,
man In hrnnd dnyllRht to frlRhtrn mo,
Arthur, whnt In tho world I* keeping thai
waiter. Doodnenn RrneUnis, itlrl*. I
thought you nt\id my hat wai on it'ralght
—I'm a HlRht!"
From the above! thy Pun PrVneipeo Klrl
miKht be iccuied of cruden<tiV^QVAn laolt
(if dvlioney^nnd rennemciit-but hacked by
her iplendld beauty and \iva,tity nh«i im
Irresistible. It is not what 'sho iayi, It
1« her manner of Hoylnsr i(,thut Holdi tha
uiviitest charmi Thern A l^;a,l)HOluto^y no
pretense about tht»' Hun .l<|rnneiHt>o ghi.
Her lil»;li spirited air Is In iuyh Htroua
contrast to th«» weary, .tired expression
Of th»> typical New York wlli of nieiuin.
Tim New York ulrl Roes I'vofywlitiv-*- s» o«
e,verythlnn-uiHll life holds, ivo new stir,
prises, Bhe Is deadly tlri^toj the whole
wny and Kiddy whirl, but sho does not
dare law hehlnd for feiir nf lii-lnn crowded
out Of the seethliiR soiiiil kwIiii nlttv
tre'her, the open sesame to much of Which
Is dress, dress, dres». , ,
lid ween I hu Hun l^n\nolaoo girl i»nd the
}\r.etnn wniuuu Hipcb m\\\ lie no oomnarl*
Kin, fnp llwv urn no totally unlike, Of <
otnueti i don't' mean ''to Ineliunite fup one
"Oil, niummii, Isn't h<3 lovely? llni» ho
lOiitillHh mid ho swell, don't you know.
Oh, JQtnoli 1 Ups yo\ir jmrdou for not \\\i
troduclng. yoil, MiU the" Duke' la mo niv
fully estiusivi' und doca ho luvto to meet
pfOple," tlon't you Unnw."
"Oh, lntunmn, tliM'e rtuiii^ tlm DuUo of
(lion t'nlHin, mid lie'n oomliut In Uoi'o, loo,
AVhy, how ¦tin yo\i do? I nm nwTully Ktiul
to Mee you, You know inMnilull. uf OpUflOi
Hu you huyb u i')M\Phhnt f»u' nodni oh,
,\es: iiMimmu mid 1> enn heyer resist
tiuyU»r!ij Ritor|n niotnliiK'n nlfopplhg. It
M nwfully l/fntlftuing, shotiptiiK. You
nun don't know how fortunntn you i\rc.
Hut Ihfl »hnpt» ni'fi lovely, tliouwh they
don't eonipiuo with tile nluipx of London.
Dinr London. 1 wish 1 wtro there, now.
"Oh,* must you bo? Well, I'm ho glnd
to lmvn me't you, flood-by, Kood-by.'
"ImVt thai Mr. V»m tla AYntcr Rolns
nUuiR out there? l«-hp ronll.v Ktitntf to
marry Margaret TenyUt<? Well, T nm
Mind Him Ihih «ot him; nhfi'hnN been try»
liiK tu k»<( him for tho Inut three MeitHoiiH.
"Why, Kthel Vnn Tyno! I did not hpo
you before, dour, Heen out aliopplnR?
U'n BWfully tlreHumo, Inn'l It? I nm hnlf
dend. The phnita nve Ituvly, don't you
think?
"What will you tnko, mnmma?. Tine.
uppU'? 1 will take the game, Two plno
iiiiplt-M, jileiiso."
In Uuylor'n, nftor a morning'* shopping
expedition.
The Chicago girl U another distinct
tyj» e < though more nearly like the Hun.
Tin: (tminiiii if die Hiu i^miH iifii
43 HI i hi- i > (i I VVt«!h(M uil-U not
t«|sy to |«* vt I'M V jHfttl \nv\v dliiiruH
l« ttiM»Us ti t iiw \*i Rwl tif ftHi
(hi m t!tuM>(ialdy t'utint'\»nlitHH Ihatl
n » « Urn i ..i In v.iiMViv hii*i ha»
u,!\t \M\ t \ -\( s h,Mv»!y, Uuth kl h'itnp Rod
ttefitili'nw Um pfH!ttt«4 '""' " thw^byi
T»i ti'i< «uMV-\*- *uid uutwakvi \v liult »»f i\w
littntfiu |jli» i\i-t;fc <\-\ Innate v-i-htu
ratni and ajt J vtsiit- «»r thVutht
6M*i (=hm0i a!N«f»- i)\vni it* l»dt^B|\d«
*»itt wlthuui Miefintltig rtiiv ut the
fefflthhip ptif>= «= * (uiMMini Bitilibolttvel
Of thp liinp^lllhiP hnut tilt I'MK rtU tltr»
*sn«. Mmortvrf tiu ip i.« m efmrmtttg \i
vaclty ami brilliant |t»od humm about uu»
Ban I'KunlMo «4t% t thnt Is v« » y liilily
im t wlili rlprwhi iv.
II. ¦ U an liilniltcil boauty— n bfeaUty
nurtvirril in « norm luxurious dlntate and
aeveinped by an Ingrained love of. i-xor
cIbp in the open air. There are tttpttJ
l^w -vastly dllTi rhiR types— of ueaUtltUi
women In Hnt» PratTdaob than In any olty
1 have (Vir tiiltedi And their* lt» a nat
ural brnuty— l»y whUh I mean a perfev*
tlon <if liu-e uj>d flifure entirely free from
tho artp and trickery of the pampered
women t,f ICuroyean am) rven many of
Ih? t>ig 12ast«rn cities of. America.
The American ehl anywhere and every
where is distinctive, but the California
Kirl is, of all type*, the most popular.
She dresses" — or at -least can dress—us
well, it, not much. better, than the fash
ionable womf-n of the world's {rsjivst cup
llals, beiausf idle la both imitative and
inventive. Yit'wltiial .she in. rarely ultra*
lutihloiinl.lt. Sho i- Kldoin if evt-r a lad
<SUt— nt-ver a slavish Imitator. She In
frank. Rlralghtforward, direct, und
though the J» tatclnatlng to a degree, him
If fr«t» from Kulle and affectation. Thia Is
berausc »he han a lilg. robust health ihut
In miijjueUc, by virtu* ot whh h-and oven
without her twlents. her wit. her necom-
J-'.lr ! i 1 1 i t til r- : !:r >luinill!l I lH without ¦•IVul.
An the West l» ikton to be mlstn-ss of the
world, i»o h»-r du»u:hi« t> are »«• became
tlw qurcni of Anterienn womi n.
All t»f which muy Hoiind'llUe kIiiii ¦:tnr.
|ii III I'tiilt les destined ikQlely to ph'UHf. If
yon imvo traveled abroad vm,v much you
vim rtcbgnbM the truth «>f th«- foregoing
without further argument. If, however,
you tm» ;i ftuy>ut-home body you hava
only to mrtke u few e< |ii|mu!ki.ii« to ba
cunvJneiMi. Take Juwt th.« four ty|.e» t
Impersonate for Inntance! They me nil
a* dlvernllled an ran be-aml thoroughly
The Donton woman im n typo is Intel*
Irctual— oveuidutred. one mUht say.
From her the California «u\' hn» «p.
quired th<> Klft of exjirisHlon without any
of the exiiKKenited esthetic fitllK.
The New York girl «is a' type Is bla*e~
tlrr«l— bored— almost Jaded Iu her pursuit
of i»lftt*ur«» null her enalavembht to fash-
Ion. tfhtiBMi rinntisco util, on the. other
handt^ait'oil the J^ow York BlrlH worldli
lieM- 111 tin 1 boot n-nse- I lull of tltttlC qilllK
up to <1atn In nvorythlng— without loalnir
liny >'( her kren nppreciHtton of thn liner
thtiitfH of lid Moreover, nhu drenses hrt
tf r, hi i hum nhn dora not overdresit.
"Will, 1 KlKKh'd rluht In Hi.. miui'H f»ca
ami 1 don't know wlmt In thn world wmilri
Imvc happened If.madHine hudu't coino
«nrt Krntihud n\& by tho «rm— aim whh
nearly frlghtmed to death, How? »
m-Mt-rrtV Oh, you ouaht to Know me »>«»»
ler. Twould t&He more th«n h i^reiu'h*
"Olio day mudunio and 1 hud,vuno nut
for a uruinenkda in Chump* Ifiiygeeii and
1 Kot tn tilUHllilW Ul itoliK'tllillH-dou't r»>
m«mUor wlmt— uud it mih'iii blu uu*Runt
looklni Prrnchmnn ••vldrntly thought 1
wtiH Muiliiiu ut hlm-iMTlmiM 1 wiin-uny.
wuy he •leppod dollhcruUly In trout of
mi and pit Id: Turdrtn,. tundrmoinullQ, ju
?uin enchantr, d«> vblr quo mu'domolielle
d'aimiHK?' Ami 1 wIbIi you ruiilil hdvd
.Kcdi that buw. 1 wlih you could huvu
mnn him.
'•Oh, I've t-i'HK iluii»i iti tell you. What
do you think! ' I hud u chaperoii while
1 wan In I'tdin im.iKiiK' niu with u i-imn
• ion— tender^ . timid, NhrtnltinK mo! 1
thought papa would have u Rpaiirn when
1 told him 'but iiimiiiiui IniMMtoii and mit*
diimc whk uwiuiiy lileg ur 1 wouldn't Itavu
Hloud it for t« minute 1 went over tu
1'ttiin to have a BOvid tlnu 1 and 1 whk n»
luit to hitvi- It, tiii(|iitou « r no fhajn'ion,
Mid 1 did.
"Listen— what Ih that the orchestra u
pliiyinn? Uh, 'JSvpuIuu Htar' from 'T«tiut
hauscr.' Isn't It lovely?— l.u Iu— — ;"•
"lieu pardon, captain— Kind to get homo?
Well, 1'arls in nil right, but Frlsgo'n food
enough for thin child, 1 Juki glbberod.bum
French uv«?r there till l wonder l didn't
forget how to talk English. Oh, 1 hopa
thin waiter will hurry!
"Oh, dour, how dilapidated 1 do foei.
(.Jirl*. Is my hut on straight? Yes, do you
like it? Yes, j;ot It In l'arl.s— brought u lot
of thliiKH over, r.ipa naitl he'd Imvo to
Mil out till his niluliiK mocks If 1 didn't
yet home pretty noon.
"\\\ll. here wo are, ami I'm so Rind, for
I'm dreadfully thirsty. Why Is It I'm at*
ways *i> thirsty after Brand opera? You,
•iu. Captain LofqulstT Btrangei isn't it?
Sit down, everybody; Arthur, won't you
order iomething right uwuy, pleaief Oh,
l don't care, just so it cornea quickly. * *
Titu* uuy sinnn nlmiei im laudatory,
it ir* lititi u.nvt i v«?i\ btjeauw? ihe \\u.N»r"i»u
>itl Is ii"VW' ijaiM:>^i- fit- '.Miw ,f<-lMU
nl liiiJlu- ttiui aliitml liy aVHiy vdie
if thought tv»j u'neanveiti&tuut vvluoh
WtnUiU- it Mult UP Hit riltlat'iliMl ih it
btatiuiil vomi'in in Mill a tnueh-.d > trd
nU«»sUnn. J*i* thl<« polul lot lm» U.U »tc blN
I'lom her »i:»\ t tiiUloh :i-» I hiU'v h>»unl
It in the best outes and other pul>ll<* plntvs
III Kail I'llllU'lsOll nil t\Vl> sc|i;il;llc Oeell
hIoiis divided l>y a lapse of nearly tour
years. Ami let me wiy parenthetically
that 1 have noted retniirkablt> Improve
ment In that time: •
**ww« u^ HifttthepibtflUiy uf taee wml Us*
\i !( v, --.,ivK» of drwVaa\yhat yuu wliMlwt
dlMiimulVim tlu> Ban t'Mwlsw tjli i l frulu
y!i tin* iv> i,
Id it Wtird, Itml etuMUUpldibtU eiMWthtHft
I'lttlulsew Kt|| II. • * * t'tltn'C "I (In 1 idlicr
two, **he bit* u»b Hmj Prmiotaon slri'i
hrWlVi Independent HlVi hlU **h** llHH It'll V*
jilfd U i «^i biw W?M lt i =» wWn Mt» Ml
tiuvtl, «iiii euutequenUy lieka tltn tlnUhj
»>i* 4 imUkiin ihe higher iir&etteftl edue&Uan
1HK >UM»AY CALL,
16
WHY THE SAN FRANCISCO GIRL IS
QUEEN AMERICAN
OF WOMEN.
An Unbiased Analysts o? the
Types hroughout the i nlted
States Brings the E^ourels
Unquestion bly 10 the Maids
Of 4>tH* City,CONSTANTINOPLE. March 1.— Miss
Kile n M. Stone. . the American missionary,
until f recently held . captive by brigands,
arrived "here to-day from Salonlca and
proceeded to tho United States Legation.
Miss Stone at Turkish Capital.
NEW YORK. March 1.-E.S. I raise of
Atlanta, Ga., who was burned In the
Park 'Avenue* Hotel fire last Saturday,
died', to-day. Ills death made -the total
number of lives, lost by the Are twenty
one.
Twenty-One .Victims.
O'Donovan Rossa's Son Dead.
wlukauo EPRING8. Colo.. March
I.— O'Donovan Rokkh. the son of the fa
mous Fenian agitator of New York, died
to-day In St. Francln' Hospital of blood
poisoning, brought on through cutting a
callous on his left foot with a penknife
ttn .day* ago. Gangrene set In three days
••igo which resulted in tieath.
O'Donovan Rorga Jr. was well known in
j-liis city. For the paut few years he has
•4'< en a resident of the coast He has been
ri'eaged In the real estate business. He
resided for ueveral years et Stockton and
two years ago he made a visit to Nome.
McDonald has property worth $25,000. H«
is believed to have. a brother and sister
In Now Orleans and a brother la tha
Klondike.
EUREKA. March 1.— Thomas McDon
ald, a rich miser, was found unconscious
in his hut near Fort Humboldt yesterday
and taken to Horeb Sanitarium, where h<*
died early this morning. McDonald wo*
living In surroundings more squalid than
tnose occupied by the lowest animals.
His clothing was too filthy to touch. On«
of the attendants at the sanitarium In
casting the- undershirt' away from him
heard a thud as It fell to the ground. An
examination revealed £M0 In gold in a
buckskin sack sewed to the shirt.
Thomas McDonald's Life Ebbs Amid
Filth and His Fortune Remains
for Others.
RICH MISER FOXTND DYING .
IN SQUALOR OF HIS HUT
L SAN JOSE, • March 1.— In the filing of
the will of Jose Coelho, who died here oh
February" 24,-; the unrelenting hatred for
a brother who wrecked" tho testator's
home has come to light. Coelho for' more
than twenty; years was an employe of tho
Remlllard Brick Company and by frugal
ity, saved up many" thousands of dollars.
A few years ago a, brother, Joaquln
Coelho, became 111 and was taken to Jose's
home. When the invalid recovered, he re
paid '¦'. his y brother's, gratitude • by- eloping
with thp'latter{s;wife"and taking $400 that
was In' the house. -The couple , went- to
Plcasanton and then. to Portugal.
.'• After a tirna- Jose Coelho obtained a di
vorce. The double blow of , his wife's ln :
fidelity: an'e?< his .brother's. Ingratitude was'
more (than ho- could stand. In the last
four . years •' ho • steadily.-. declined, and his
death last month 1 Is believed to' have been
from a.- broken 1 heart;QB$SBlfiBB
' In his .will Jose CoelhOi asserts that he'
omltfl his ; brother/ who vwdfl' 1 his only heir,
because. of, the wrecking of hlg homeland'
, gives j his* entire . estate to •' Enoa • Brlo'b, a
cousin,', residing^ ln /Pleasanton;,' Tho '.es
tate consists r of more than: $3000 < worth, of
property, ;-'and'lt;is said that', during Jose
Coelhb's, last, Illness; he .turned'over'con
elderable cash, to his cousin
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
After a bloody fight at Las Culebras,
the insurgentswere completely routed and
'obliged to retire across the frontier. leav
ing a large number of dead on the field.
bians. made a new invasion of Venezuela
near La Friar, February 24.
Colombians Enter Venezuelan Terri
tory and Have to Betire After
a Conflict.
WILLEMBTAD, Island of Curacao,
March 1.— According to advices from Car
acas, the Mockist leader, Garbira, with a
thousand men, nearly all of tbem Colom-
INVADERS ABE KILLED
IN A FIERCE BATTLE
Leaves No Property to the
Relative -Who Wrecked
His Home. '
Young Beach had "gone do,wn to French
Gulch to see a slide that covered ' the
Pacific Lumber Company's track. While
he was looking at the great pile of earth
and gravel, another huge mass of earth
started to slide from the bluff above his
head. He caw It coming, but became be
wildered and ran directly into the dan
ger.; He was not : seen again after the
moving mass of earth struck him. It la
feared the mother of the boy will' not re
cover from the , shock experienced on
learning' of her son's sad fate.
"Eureka. '
EUREKA^ March 1.— At French Gulch
yesterday, Gordon - Beach, a 16-year-old
boy,- was struck by an immense slide from
the bluff along the Pacific Lumber Com
pany's track and his body carried Into the
river. Search has been -made by members
of the logging and milling crews, but the
body has 'not been found. The swift cur
rent* of the . river/ swollen by the recent
rains,' probably will carry It out to Seal
Accidental Death at
Sixteen- Year-Old Gordon Beach Meets
in His Will.
i . ¦ _.- .... .... .( ..
Jose Cqelho Denounces
.Treacherous . Brother
SLIDING EARTH. HTJRLS ?
. YOUTH INTO A RIVER
With these two roads outside, railway
officials say, the fate of the bureau seems
to be sealed, and its early dissolution Is
predicted. Some of the members hold to
the view that the dissolution of the South
western Passenger Bureau will be but tho
prelude to a consolidation of all passen
ger associations west of Chicago into ono
organization.
Organization. -^
CHICAGO. March 1.— Notic^ of with
drawal from membership in the South*
western Passenger Bureau was filed to
day by the Southern Pacific road. The
reason given was that the expense of
maintaining the bureau since the with
drawal of the Missouri, Kansas and Texas
road a short time ago had become a bur
den and that the benefits . derived from
membership undes the prevallng condi
tions were Insufficient to compensate.
and There Is Prospect of a Big
Southern Pacific Company Withdraws
PASSENGER BUREAU
2CAY BE DISSOLVED
The injured are: Charles Anderson, rig
ger, end Frank J. Borie, mechanic.
The scaffolding, composed of heavy tim
bers, erected over the pavement for the
protection of pedestrians, was borne to
the eround and the mass of debris was
thrown nearly across the street. The
cause of the accident is not definitely
known, but It is (supposed to have been
».'-casloned by the fall of a derrick.
Company** building: at 323 Chestnut street.
In course of construction, collapsed to
day, killing two men and seriously Injur
ing two others." The deed are:
DANIEL MAG INN IS, stonemason.
GEORGE WHARTON, bricklayer.
Portion of a New Structure in Phila
delphia Crushes a Number
of "Workmen.
PHILADELPHIA, March -lf-A portion
of a new addition to the Fidelity Trust
BUILDING C0LLAPSE3
AND KILLS TWO MEN
REBUKE COMES
FROM THE DEAD
Inches, considerably more than the aver
age. The . seasonal ;.•' rainfall was - 14.83
Inches, 1 which is about "four inches less
than. usual., '.. . , ,'v , . •
Southeasterly Winds
Cause Ships to
Drag Anchor.
: ] )
Houses [Blow ft Down
and Other Damage '
in the City^
The bark C. D. Bryant also, dragged
her anchor and drifted toward Goat Is
land. She came very near dragging her
anchor, over the cable. The squall sub
sided when the 4 Bryant was only a few
hundred yards- off the'eabfe." V. •; ; v
Tho Montgrotneryshlre, lying oft Melggs
whnrf, drngged her anchor and drifted
toward Alcatrnz: Thn United States
stCMmer: Albatross left her anchorage off
the ferric* 'and '.-took up u' position off
Mdggs, wharf. for shelter.
Tho/ transport 1 Ro*ecruns had a hard
tlm</of it during the biow., She wao
lying 'off Folsom-street wharf, when the
v.-ir.d shifted to the noutheast and martt)
a clean .sweep down bay. Tho anchor
dragged und the transport began to drift.
An additional anchor was thrown out,
and even with this, if the gale had kept
up, the transport would have been blown
ashejre. E - .-. .. . .¦".¦'..*,
nnchored off th« Prewlcllo, dragged her
anchor nnd .liirw<l about a mile. The
Fred B. Scammell, anchored at the sumo
plncf 4 drifted toward Sausallto.. .
; /There was 'little ..telegraph ' or telephone
service in_!Oakland during tho night, wlrej
.-belrig* down ; all ' over \the, city.
;V The . galo was. "of such force • that four
freight cars. wer'e^biown off Long bridge.
Glory of the. Seas, .- which' is
;!' The narrow gauge ferry, system was tied
iip;all I night > and i • tl:e broad gauge . from
10:30; '" ' '.'**¦' "'¦ r i ¦'¦
At 10 o'clock two tugs, from this sldo
reached her and; towed her. back Into .tho
slip. -It'was found 'that she wasnot Seri
ously, damaged < and she- made the tiip
across . to . San Francisco aV 10:30.
SHIPS . DRAG ANCHORS.
/The ' Berkeley, was made as secure as
possible to. Long wharf.in. hopes , that 'she
hilght ¦: receive 'ino v seri6uii damage. .
., The 500 people,- some disgusted, "some
weak from',- fright, .and others ' gay .'over
what. they. deemed a great lark', ."mushed'.'
their way up the wharf .through the rain
arid, the 5 blast, to -a" train that had .been
backed 'down fronv the'molo, and "carried
back, to: Oakland. .'
¦'There was tho usual number.;6f.. horses
and ' wagon's - on the lower deck' and dis
order reigned there, many of, the animals
becoming frightened. ', ..'¦•''
.While . timbers were' being, ripped : and
smashed by the pounding- vessel the crew
set to work to get the passengers ashore.
Lines were run . to ; the wharf and the
.vesser" was held In while the people aboard
were making* their escape. Some of the
wonienihad to be carried 'ashore.' ' ¦¦
. No lives were lost, though many, persona
were Injured,: none ''seriously,', however.
PASSENGEPvS' GET ASHORE.
a— r—^M I'J f.Mry-l.un 1 Dorkeley iiulirrt
M away from the OnklAtrt mole
/y iij ":':;o Inst nvcnlng 'and
IB IIIMVi'il »Ull IlKlllllHt^tllO K.lt'J
. | J*- thnt/wog howling Hh dciiance
tit every .craff thnt dared ,to»
fnce It.. For 200 yttrdfl'tho ferry-boat held
her* course ; agnlnst the hurricane, • and
thfn becunio ft helpless thing In tho hands
of tho tom'ticst.
Tho IiIk passenger craft was turned out
of, her coursp and hustled broaH^ldo uv«?r
tho bulling waters until Bhc smashed Into
tho. cu8t v coal .btmkers t oh; Long wharf,
ugaitist which, the furioUH wind hemmed
tho .creaking j and groaning vessel whllu
tho waves plunged far up on her siduu
and the spray shot over her 1 highest
work's. ' : , ¦.'.-• ; ;"'•'.• .
• From the moment .the .ferry-boat lost
her footing -before the' blast'- there were
the usual/scenes of excitement among. the
throng: of-, passengers. 1 .Wofcen screamed
and.' somo. fainted,, while . Bom's excitabl'i
men > bega'n taking . off- thelri costs; '.' vest u
and- shoes' preparatory . to a~ batUe .with
tho" waters. i-.: Captain Slaker.. j|nd ! First
Offlcer McLean went rapidly among the
passengers,- calrAing them .as bestUhey
could. * Some were preparing to ' ¦ Jump
overboard.. Life preservers were' passed
around and 'life bouts made ready ,to
lower.; . . ': V ; ¦
Tho roof on the building occupied by tho
Office saloon," at tho corner of City Hall
and Park avenues, was blown off; by* the
wind. \ '
•.At Sacramento the river was - 28.2\eet,
at ; Marysville 13.4 and at San, Joaquln
bridge -13.2. The waters. were failing,, but
the officials of ' the Weather Bun: au be-
Ilevc they will rise again as' the result'of
the storm. Utorm . warnings were dis
played : all along the coast yesterday;
Tho -rainfall for February was 7 27
" . . . '
The patrol wagon driven by Jack Kra
mer .was nearly blown over at 9:30 o'clock
last 'night. A gust of wind caught tho
canvas, uldes'and the i' vehicle keeled con
siderably. The offlcer Inside made haete
to get out, and the driver had a hard
tlmo 'controlling his 'horses.
Marcellna Rocci, a 12-ycar-old girl, liv
ing' at the corner of"" Broadway, and
Kearny streets, was struck by a sfgn that
was blown: from a lodging-house next to
the County Jail. The little girl was^ake'n
to her home.
Owen Murphy, a fouiidryman, residing
at 724V4 Folsom street. ' met wltji a pain
ful accident during the V height of the
storm. He was walking -'along; Sansome
street, and when near Pine he saw a g-gn
falling, and in order tq "avoid being struck
he rushed into the middle of the car track
and was struck by an electric car. He
was. rolled a considerable /distance and
one of the wheels severed his arm. The
unfortunate man was removed to the hos
pital.
,A cornice of. the Post building, on
JCearny and Bush streets, was blown. into
the street, but it hurt no one.'
Signs in front of Mack & Co.'s.t 15 Fre
mont street,, and, a brush factory at 108
First street, . were ¦ blown down.
; ;A. $50^ plate f lass, window in the store
occupied O'Connor & Kelleher at 33
Fourth street Was broken by a show case
that' was driven against it bj the,' wind, i
"The, grandstand and' fences at Recrea
tion- baseball grounds; were blown "down
during the storm. ¦ ' '<¦. .•< ¦ i.
At 5 o'clock last evening Forecaster Mc-
Adle stated that tho velocity of the wind
on tho water front was forty-eight miles
an hour. He predicted that ¦ the high
southeasterly winds would change to the
southwest, i There was . a -.decided fall ' in
temperature about dark and cooler weath
er is. predicted for to-duy, with a possi
bility of a .snow squall. ,'¦¦,•'.'> i. ... ,. ¦
The ornamental work on top of a build*
Ing at 204 Powell street was blown from
its stnnchjons and is now hanging in a
threatening manner from the building.
Lieutenant Anderson stationed an, offlcer
in front of the place with instructions to
wnrn all pedestrians.
rero street was partly blown over and Is
now hanging In a dangerous position.
A water tank on a building at 1141 Guer-
streets ,wrb blown down. Mr,,Miller,;re
siding at 1011 Chattanooga, street, was the
contructor. '/'.'I
House Blown Down.
A house in the course of construction at
the corner of Dolores and Fifteenth
Reports were received from various
parts of the city of havoc played by the
small tornado. The steeple of St. James'
Church, corner of Twenty-third and Ouer
rcro streets, was blown down. The rain
of bricks on roof and sidewalk sounded
like- artillery In action, Tho church build
ing sustained great damage. No ond was
hurt. '.'¦¦',
Ing In course of construction at Market
and Third street and very'lucklly no one
was struck. The plank hit the cobbles
with a terrible crash and was splintered.
A heavy plank was blown from a build-
. The steamer Berkeley met with an ac>
cident that laid her up for the night She
was leaving the Oakland. slip at 7:30 In
the evening and was swept on to the long
wharf. Tuffs were sent from this side
to pull the boat off and ehe was able to
cross the bay'*at a late hour.
At the ferry landing on" this f side ' the
excitement was intense. During the early
part of the evening the corrugated, Iron
sheeting on the roof of the union depot
was torn from its place by the) force of
the wind and considerable damage was
done before the sheeting could be fas
tened. A number of skylights on the
building were blown down by the force
of the .wind. '
The Piedmont was tied up at the wharf
and hundreds of passengers waited for
hours to depart on her. ..Many became
discouraged and decided to stay in*town.
The captain of the Piedmont declined to
leave until he received orders from his
superiors.
Last night few boats were run and out*
of-town people stayed over on this side
rather than brave the trip on. the water. 1
It was rough and disagreeable on the
bay. Residents of the bay towns had 'a:
rough passage to and from their homes. '
The big ferry-boats were tossed . around
like egg shells and It was with difficulty
that the boats could make their landing
places.
Storm Rages on Bay.
ported. The wind blew In heavy gustb
and played havoo with pedestrians. It
rained at different times in the afternoon
and withal the day was a miserable one.
Tho usual Saturday afternoon matlneo
crowds were missing from the streets ana
shoppers remained indoors rather than
face the brunt of tbo wind and rain.
blown down, but no casualties uere re-
¦¦¦ 1SB1D1SNTB of thlsj.citv were
B Yh treated to another wind and
m P rain storm yesterday. It was
ff^& on n pur with that exp«rl-
JBL mrrd by them on Friday lait.
.An on that occasion ' signs
were swept away, umbrellas turned inside
out and fences went blown down. The
ttorm wag as severe its last week's and
it proved just as exciting. Houses wcro
Pknic Rm^sonW^M Wind
and |(|i$fil^^
"You nr* renrewnted In the press as
having telegraphed President Ilooscvelt,
et the request of «ubncribrrn to Hid sword
recently oflerrd mo through you, request*
In* him to withdraw nrcrplnnee to pro*
Kent the name. If this be so. I must de
cline tiridcr these circumstances to ac
cept the sword. Thanking you for per
sonal kindness In the matter, I am. truly
yuurs, M. J. JENKINS."
Major .)< liiui.n. who !• ft member of the
faculty of the n. iiu i Military Academy
here, has sent the following 1 telegram to
Lieutenant Governor Tillman of South
Carolina: ,
tint Oovrmnr Causes Another
Sit Of Cf nr.ntlon.
WAnniSNTON, D, C. March I.-Major
Mlrah J. Jniklnw hn* declined to accept
the sword whlrh It wan proposed to pf«*
*«nt to film Pt Chorlrnton. B. C, when
lb« President vlnltfd thnt place.
MAJOB JENKINS DOESN'T
WANT THE BWOnD NOW
Action of South Carolina's Llrutrn-
"When I awoke from the stupor caused
by the liquor I had taken," tho witness
said, "and saw my companion lying dead,
I 'knew that I was ruined. I then honestly
attempted to take my own life, but I re
peat that It was not because of any agree
ment with Mrs. Ntcol."
CHICAGO, March t— Dr. OrvllH B.
Burnett, charged with being an accessory
to tho murder of Mm. Charlatta Nlcol,
who committed sutcldo at the Marlbor*
uugh Hotel October S3, last year, was on
.Hi" stand In his own behalf In Judgo
Hatter's rourt to-day. He declared thae
Mrs. Nlcol had first sought his acquaint*
u nee and that he at last succumbed to
temptation. Prior to the suicide, he said,
hr' hurt met Mm. Nlcol six or seven times.
He giivo details of these meetings tending
to show that Mrs. Ntcol was not an hon
orable woman before she met him. Dr.
Durnett stated that ho had formerly tlved
In McCook and Hastings, Neb., and In
Denver, Colo. Tho witness denied em
phatically that he had agreed to> die. with
Mrs.- Nlcol, nn<l declared that he had no
recollection of having said anything to
policemen or reporters the day after tho
tragedy.
tylf In tho Chnrlotte Nlcol
Cnfie.
Dr. Harriott Tflstlflei In Ilia Own Bi«
SAYS THAT HE MADE
NO AOItKEMKNT TO BIS
FERRY BOAT. BERKELEY IS DASHED AGAINST LQNQ WHARF, OAKLAND; JUST^
"I learned almost at midnight that a
rebellion had broken out at Nannlng. In
the Province of Kwang-a.1. At tho re
eflieardr.thd Governor of Kwang-ul. tho
miiHlanartoa were ordered by m« to I?av«
Immediately under a pledged escort to bo
taken to Wuehow, D«tall» • later."
WASHINGTON, March L— The State
Department to-day made public tho fol
lowing cablegram from Consul Me Wade
at Canton, China, dated February 27, ro«
porting the outbreak of a, rebellion at
Nannlns:
PEKING, March l.-Tho Chinese For
eign Office now admits that the rebellion
In the vicinity of the City of Nannlng..
Province of Quangree, seventy miles
north of the Gulf of Tonquln, ia very
grave, though this was denied yesterday.
Over '.1000 former soldiers are engaged in
pillaging. An edict has been Issued com
manding the Chinese authorities to afford
protection to the missionaries and other
foreigners. Mr. Conger, the United
States Minister, has notified Prince Chlng.
head of the Foreign Office, that he ex
pects China will speedily suppress the re
belllon and protect the foreigners In that
part of tho country.
lJltttift 'Attorney i:\.t. n» and Coroner
Kates' wtnt to the» iscfn<? «f tho tragedy
thli afteinr.ftn and have not yet returned.
The Kirch. a I •<¦-•• a hard name among
i he pwpi« who knew them, All asrr* lh*t
¦:..•!:..-« v.p (ha most worthies, while
Tuny wan th« leput objectionable.
Whf-n the party returned this morning
tlie elstera retired to their rooms, and a
quarrel commenced ot once among tho
brother*. It culminated In Matthew kill-
In* Tony' with a rifle. Louis then killed
Matthew with a •h&tg'm, the- charge pen
< '.rating the elder brothers head.
FRESNO, March L— A three-handed
flght occurring three miles from the Cop
per King mine, on the Banger road, this
morning resulted In the killing of Mat
thew and Antolne Kirch, while Louis
Kirch, a brother of the dead men, un
doubtedly will have to face a charge of
murder.
Matthew Kirch was 45 years of age and
much older than his brothers and sisters.
He claimed to be the head of the family
and endeavored to have his authority ro«
cpected. l..i.-t night Antoine and Louis,
with their two Bisters, attended a dance
r.t t.'opper King, Matthew opposed their
tolng. end when they left told them not
to return to the Kirch home.
Cne of ih«* rartlclpa&tB Slay* An
olhcr With a Rifle and 1b Him
self Shot. Dead by
the Third.
tUo . Threatened ITor
elgncra.
Minister Conger Calls Upon tho
Peking Government to Protect
ily Engage in Mortal
Combat.
Threo Members of ft Fam-
Misstonnrioo Aro Again Id
Dlro Peril in Ooo
Province.
Pillaging.
Former Ohlnoao Soldloro
Aro Engaged in >
Doublo Tragody tho Ro-
Authority.
suit of a Clash of
VERY GRAVE
REBELLION IS
COMMENCED
BROTHERS
FIGHT AND
TWO PERISH
FERRY-BOAT BERKELEY IS SWEPT
BY THE STORM ON TO LONG WHARF
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, .MARCH 2,. 1902-TIimTY-SIX PAGES.
VOLUME XCL-NO. 92.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Pages 17 to 26
The San Francisco Call.
Pages I to 26• George Fisher, ; an ' ex-convict.iwaar. sen-'
tenced ; to/serve, four, months ;' ; In jUhe
County. Jail -by ; Judge Mogan 'yesterday.
He stole , a' valise ' belonging to a "gentle-"'
man going 'East Friday evening. at. the
ferry depot and was arrqsted while trying
to dliiose of it.
Stole Valise From Ferry.
EEDWOOD CITY OFFERS ;
GAS MAINS FRANCHISE
Acts Favorably on New, Corporation's
V" Request • That yPriyllege Be
Placed on Sale.
.'"rEDW.OOD CITY; March 1.— The Board
of " Trustees ; of ' thl3 city,: held ' a" meeting
this morning to take action\upori ;the pe
ititionVof f the : Gas - Company,
asking for a franchise to ; lay , gas I pipes in
theatreetsJand. to supply the Inhabitants
with gas for heaf and power. | Itwas de
•cidedby the board to advertise the fran
chise ¦ for! sale; .VagMTOBBBjafi>UM|a|B|HBpaBM
, Opinions differed as to the advisability
of granting. such a franchise," but the ma
.•'¦. — ' ,- : - > ¦:
Ex-Supreme Justice Van^ R.', Paterson
had a narrow escape from being rserlously
Injured by being thrown off • a cable car
Thursday afternoon. As : if was,- Judge
Paterson got a bad fall and .was heavily
shaken. up. ¦'•••"¦ :' .-'•: ¦.¦¦• *¦ ,'-.
"Judge Pa,terson trled ; to board a'Castro
street car at the corner* of Eighth and
Market streets.. He was in a hurry and
tried to Jump on the rear platform while
the car. was. still. In motion. -He slipped
and was; thrown with considerable force.
A friend • who .was with /the Judged picked
him up.'and.'ae hisleg was only slightly
wrenched by the • fall, "-he wastable'to
board the car -• and ¦, proceed on his * way
down town. •
From Being Seriously
.'. '[ Injured. V
Van It. Paterson Has Narrow. Escape
EX-STJPBEMB JUSTICE IS
THROWN FROM CABLE CAR
Local Union No. 151 of Electrical Work
ers passed resolutions at their meeting
last night commending the course of La
bor Commissioner F. V.' Meyers In sup
porting the enforcement of the eight-hour
law for municipal employes and commend
ing him to the favorable ; notice of Gov
ernor Gagn. 6*fewf3t9rmlWSLstssxt»aBW
Electrical Workers Commend Meyers.
SAN. JOSE, March 'L— The electric lines
of ¦ the Electric Company, which
bring power' here from Blue Lakes, Al
pine County/are to.be. extended to Ollroy
at once. -As soon as this extension Is
completed It is more than likely
another will be built to Salinas, Iloillstor,
Monterey,. Santa Cruz and other towns In
that vicinity. The Electric Improvement
Company ¦ of-thls city, which s handles the
Standard : Company's power in this
county; has r; Just . completed a line to
Campbell, and that - thriving village has
discarded coal oil < for ' electricity. « From
Campbell J the wires of the company will
be taken to Loa Gates and from there to
Gilroy. In the ; northeastern portion of
the county, a wire has been laid from the
main ; line. ;in the vicinity of Warm
Springs; along the: road to Milpitas and
to Berry essa. - ' y ¦ ....
Directions.
Lake's Lines in Several
Standard Company to Extend Its Blue
ELECTBIC POWEB .FOB
£'$ DOWN COAST TOWNS
James Rowe, whose wife, .Catherine
Rowe,, was killed by .being run over by a
Folaorh street electric car February. 3,
brought suit against; the Market-strret
Railway Company yesterday for »50,c00
damages. The death of his wife, Rowu
alleges, was due to the carelessness of the
motorman In ntartlnn his car. before Mr*.
Rowe had naMy all' h'ed therefrom. .
Demands Heavy Damages.
The members of < the polytechnic com
mittee who were appointed by Governor
Gage last year to select the'site for a -new
school at 1 San Luis Obispo held a meeting
yesterday afternoon at the Palace Hotel.
At the last session of the .Legislature
the «um of 150,000 was appropriated for
this purpose.' There was a clause in the
bill which. compelled the Governor' to
name a board of directors which would
select a site within thirty days after the
passage of the bill. Governor Gage did
not appoint this committee until the lat
ter part of lost year.
Attorney General Ford was requested to
give an opinion if the bill was still legal.
Ho has not. yet rendered a dec.slon, and
the board df directors will not take any
further steps until they have heard from
him. •• . : .., ; -¦ ¦¦....' ¦ ¦¦
Those present at tho meeting. yesterday
were: P.A. Hlhn.'wniiam Wai. ace, Pro
fessor AVlckson and Btae Superintendent
of Public Instruction Kirk. , > , v.
San Luis Obispo at
Present.
"Will Not Select Site, for School at
POLYTECHNIC COMMITTEE
HOLDS MEETING AT PALACE
Another auxiliary of Golden Gate Com
mandery No. 16, Knights Templar, has
been formed. It is composed' exclusively
of past commanders cf the commandery
and is styled the Past Commanders' Asso
ciation. Colonel Frank . W.: Sumner has
been elected president and Robert -i Mc-
Millan secretary and treasurer/The ob
ject of the association is sociability. Last
night the members of the association cele
brated its organization by a dinner in one
of the leading rotisserles. There were
present besides the officers, J.' F. , Merrill,
past grand commander; Dr. James Ha!ch,
A. G. Booth/. Colonel William Edward,
Charles Lord Field, J. K. Firth, Dr. J.
M. Peel. J. C. Campbell and H. D. Love
land, present commander of the com-
mandery, as- special guest. There were
no set speeches, but some Informal talks
on the subject of future sociability.
Celebrates Its Organization.
Professor H. R-- Fairclough told an ap
preciative audience a good deal about Can-
"A Trip Through Canada."
The. petitioner asserts that Pease owes
her ward $450 due her under the terms of
Ogle's will. Ogle died In 1876, leaving an
estate worth 17000. In his will 'he directed
that $30 per month be paid his sister out
of -the income from the. estate. This
amount was paid by ' Pease up to fifteen
.months ago, when for some unknown rea
son, says Mrs. Hills, the payment ceased.
She: claims .that Pease has never filed an
account of receipts and disbursements,
and asks the court to compel him to show
cause why he should not do so. . .-.
Mrs. Kate B. Hills, guardian of Ann
Dowllng, petitioned the Superior Court
yesterday for the removal of. William G.
Pease as administrator of . the estate of
the late James Ogle, a brother of her
ward. She says that Pease neglects his
duties. ' ¦
Petitions Superior . Court for His Re
moval as Administrator of James
Ogle Estate.
Entertainment— J. J. Applegate, P. G., chair
man- W. H. Gibson, N. G., .ex-officio;. N.-.D.
Sickels. V. G.,' ex-offlelo; George C. ¦ Terrlll,
H. D. Eaville. P. G. ; H. W. Patrick. P. G. ;
W.'C. Johnson, P. G. "„,,%;,'
Reception — H. D. Saville, D. D. G. M.; LouIb
Hammersmith. P. G.; A. J. Doyle. P. G.; H.
B. Packscher, Sol E. Higgins, ". George • E.
director— N. D. Slckela/ V. G. ; assist
ant*—Ira C. Bush, T. F. Munroe, E. .M. Coffin,
j. W. Taylor. ' •
Dancing followed the entertainment. At
11 o'clock an adjournment was. taken to
an adjoining hall, where a collation. was
served. • • •' ¦ .
The affair was carried on under, the
supervision of the following committees. .
Introductory remarks, W. H. Gibson, N.
G ; overture, orchestra; welcome address, John
R Aitken. P. G.; music, orchestra; lodge his
tory W. F. Norcross, P. G. ; vocal solo, Miss
Gibson; music, orchestra; specialties, a volun
teer; selections, orchestra. ..i^-, , i - ••¦ - -...••..
Apollo' Lodge No. 123 of the; Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows ¦ celebrated the
thirty-sfxth anniversary of its institution
by an entertainment and dance in , the
Memorial Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing Friday night. The hall was crowded
to its utmost capacity Toy the members
and their friends. The following was the
order of exercises: .. '
Members.
Odd Fellows' Hall Is Crowded by the
Many Friends of tke
SAN LUIS OBISPO. March 1.— There
was an enthusiastic meeting of the San
Lais Oblspo Republican Glub last night in
the City Hall. The meeting was called to
formulate plans for the coming campaign
and to elect delegates to the convention
of the California . League of I Republican
Clubs, which Is to be held in San Jose
on April 14, 15 and 16. These delegates
were chosen: Albert Nelson, Warren M.
John, V. H. Woods. John Whicher. J. F.
Fielder, S. D. Ballou, J. W. Smith. Benja
min Brooks and Otto Sinsheimer. Presi
dent Charles A./ Palmer. Secretary W. N.
Ent and Treasurer John Kelshaw are ex
omcio delegates. Twelve a'temates were
also elected. The Republicans in thia
county are preparing to make a vigorous
campaign this fall. The old clubs are be
ing reorganized and new ones formed in
precincts in which there were none be
fore.
Republicans Are Organizing.
George L. Dealy, while drunk, jumped
Into a garbage wagon on Market street
about 6 o'clock yesterday morn'"!? and
drove away. William Mitchell, own
er, ran after the wagon and v. ilen he
overtook it Dealy jumped off and
showed fight. Mitchell was getting the
worst of the engagement and pulling a
revolver out of his pocket fired a shot at
Dealy. They were arrested by Policemen
Hutcbings and Driscoll. Dealy was
booked for driving off with a horse and
wagon without consent of the owner and
Mitchell with assault with a deadly
weapon. They appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the cases were
continued till Thursday.
Fires a Shot in Self -Defense.
On Friday morning of last 'week, after
an absence of two months, "Jack" was
seen hovering above the Larco home and
as usual his companion was along. The
late- etdrm started almost
and continued a week. -. ¦¦ .
After remaining at - home for several
months "Jack" : again departed for sea
and was absent, this time fully six
months. It returned again and as before
brought a companion. On this occasion,
as before, the' companion could not be In
duced to alight. Following "Jack's" ar
rival another southeast storm began and
continued until." several inches of rain
had fallen. . .
During the dry year of 1S98 the bird was
away nine 'months. It returned Just be
fore a severe storm In the following year.
On each and every occasion rain. has fol
lowed its arrival. I .
Tho next day after "Jack's" arrival a
strong southeast wind set in and within
a few hours a terrific storm was in pro
gress. Rain began falling and continued
for several days. At the time of the
bird's return nothing .was thought of its
connection' with . the approaching storm,
but incidents have sinco occurred that
prove conclusively that the approaching
storm was the 0 cause of ¦ tho pelican's
home-coming. .
..SANTA : BARBARA. March L— Santa
Barbara has a queer but never-failing
weather prophet, whose warnings of ap
proaching storms will hereafter bo util
ized, by shipping men and fruit growers..
Several years ago Captain' Seba3tian
Larco, while fishing near the Santa Rosa
Island, captured a young pelican. The
bird was brought to this city and given a
homo at the Larco residence. It was al
lowed its liberty immediately, and sur
prising to say, became domesticated at
once, i . .
Forlmonths "Jack." as he was named,
remained about the place and was the
pet of the entire family. Tourists visiting
the city were greatly interested In the
bird and many were the visitors that ad
mired the curious pet.. : „ ' » ..
One day while a number of interested
visitors were looking at him "Jack" quite
unexpectedly flew to sea. Its departure
caused sorrow at the Larco home, as it
was generally believed that" the pet had
been seen for the 'last time. This was a
mistake, however. Two months later, ac
companied by anqther pelican, it was
seen circling around the house. It did
not light at this time,' but again flew to
sea. , About an hour, later it v returned,
this time alone, and safely, alighted in the
yard. It was as tame as' ever and could
be handled as before. ¦
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Tame Bird Gves Warn
£: ings Whan Storms
'.^S^;l Approach. m j\ ¦¦¦ )
PELICAN RIVALS
WEATHER CLERK
ada last evening at the Mechanics' Insti
tute. Notwithstanding the bold entrance
of March, with its root-shaking and pelt-
Ing rain, a goodly number ventured out
to imb.lbe some knowledge of the British
dominion and her people from the Stan
ford University professor. He succeeded
In telling of numerous things of Interest
as applied to the quiet, steady, conserva
tive growth of the country: explained her
wealth of resources, mineral and agricul
tural; her cities and institutions. A3
Professor Fairclough was aided by stere
optlcon views, and quite admirable they
were, the lecture was made doubly Inter
esting.
Secretary Baer Banqueted.
A complimentary dinner was given at
the California Hotel last evening to John
Willis - Baer. general secretary of the
United Society of Christian Kndeavor by
the Golden Gate Union of Christian En
deavor of this city. i V ,
During : the dinner the following pro
gramme was rendered-:
Song, audience; words of welcome.
Rolla V. Watt; solo, A. A. Macurda; "Our
Ambitions." A. R. McPherson, president
Golden Gate Union; "Past, Present and
Future," C. F. Baker; violin solo, Charles
E. Robson; "State Endeavor," L. S. Rod
gers, president California State Christian
Endeavor Union; music. Young Men's
Christian Association Quartet; address,
John Willis Baer.
Found Dead in Brooke Street.
The limp body of a man' whose ag»
might have been 25 years was picked up
in Brook street, the small thoroughfare
through the Blythe property, last nignt
and taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. It was found there that life was
extinct and the body was sent to the
Morgue- It was arrayed in fairly goo4
clothes, one a/tide being a blue sweater.
Nothing was found to indicate the iden
tity of the dead man.
Black walunt is less than half the
weight of a corresponding quantity of
ebony. "
Jorlty of the citizens . appeared to favor
the action taken by the board. At the
opening of this morning's session the City
Hall was filled with frienas and oppo
nents of the measure. .
The members of the board acted unani
mously In advertising the franchise for
eale and likewise adopted a resolution
permitting the company to use the public
streets for laying gas pipes to supply the
inhabitants with gas light. This last ac
tion was taken under a constitutional
provision and Is entirely distinct from
the statutory proceeding authorizing the
sale of a franchise for supplying ga3 for
heat and power. This latter will be sold
on April 28 at 8 p. m. and probably will
realize a large sum. : ~ v "_ ,,, . .
At the present «tlme the Consolidated
Light, and Power , Company is supplying
light, heat and power~ln the municipal
ity and to prevent competition it probably
will bid on the franchise a sum that will
materially swell the funds of the town
treasury.
q HE small boy played many ' ln-
II s nlngs of baseball on the corner of
r Third and Market streets last
night. The wind was batsman,
and its percentage -was phenome
nally high. Hats were the balls, and the
youngsters scouted head coverings with a
relish that was "surprising, until' it was
discovered they were reaping a harvest
returning them to their owners. The boya
gathered on Market street in great num
bers and they piucked the hats from the
mud with a grace that would have made
La Jole and other star fielders turn green
with envy. No" errors were .committed.
No matter how the wind swept the hat,
stme agile youth would take it from the
mire. A silk covering blown • from the
"root" of a hack driver flew across the
street end . hit the asphalt : for •- a. mo
ment. .That moment was enough. .Ono
fielder swooped on it and when he arose
with his trophy it resembled a pancake.. |
But for darkness a couple of - nines
would have been started. No admission
was charged and the crowd stood in front
of The Call building and -; enjoyed the
sport It cheered every good play and
condoled "with the men who- lost. - • )
: Umbrellas stood no chance in .the gale
that blew round the corner. They were
turned inside out in a jiffy, and the own-
APOLLO .LODGE ENTERTAINS (
IN HONOR OF ANNIVERSAEi*
MRS.' HILLS ; CLAIMS .THAT
PEASE IS NEGLECTFUL
ers .were' given", the merry' "ha-ha." I A
carriage was overturned|hy a heavy gust
of wind,' and for a few . minutes the ex
citement was great. Willing hands re
stored the vehicle to its: proper, standing
In the community and the anxious driver
left the scene .in a" hurry. .
Some hats were wafted skyward. The
waiters in the cafe at the top of The Call
building, had nets outside their windows
catching the ' head-coverings as they as
cended. By the time darkness set in they
had a collection of hats, sufficient to start
a store. A pedestrian moved up Market
street with hands 'Clasped tightly to his
headpiece. ) He,, trfed to " force his Way
against .. the\ wind,- and was doing well
until 'hats " began : to.; fly his way. He
thought he was being made a target of,
and began to dodge and side-step.* Sud
denly a derby hat. tripped him up and he
was only-saved from falling by, a'. police
officer. , '. • . . "!, ' \ s- . • —i-' l "
A tarpaulin on a ; heavy dray was blown
off, and. as it flew, do. wn the, 'street it
enveloped. a newsboy, in Its folds and car
ried the lad nearly' twenty yards. >%
The fair sex was 'at the mercy of the
wind. -Women who had the temerity to
cross Market street near Third regretted
doing so when caught in the miniature
tornado. Many were nearly blown off
their feet, . and they heaved . sighs of re
lief when . they . reached a point of shel
ter. ¦ . .-¦¦:. .'¦¦'¦•¦;
PRANKS PLAYED BY THE WIND THAT 'SWEPT AROUND THE CALL -
BUILDING YESTERDAY AFTERNOON; AND, LAST NIGHT, TO THE ;
GREAT DISCOMFITURE OF PEDESTRIANS. . • .
y.ATvrrs, OF GERMAN SOCIETY
GIVE MASQUEBADE BALL
Saratoga Hall Is Filled With Danc
ers Arrayed in a Maze Of Bril
liant Color.
The ladies of the Red Cross branch of
the German Benevolent Society gave their
annual mascuerade ball last evening at
Saratoga Hall, Sli Geary street, and
were rewarded by an attendance that
filled the commodious ballroom.
There was a large variety of costumes,
and as all who danced were masked until
midnight, the fun was kept up at ,a gait
that pleased every one present.
The grand march took place at 9 p. m.,J
and for many hours the maskers whirled
In the mazy measures of the dance. Sup- i
per was served shortly before midnight.
The ladies and gentlemen who were in
charge of the masquerade were as fol
lows:
Mrs. M. B&rthel, president; Mrs. A. Tapken,
vic« f,rcsi&ent. , |
Committee of arrangements — Mrs. George '
Samereither, Mrs. R. Munk, Mrs. H. "Will
weber.
Reception committee — Miss Bonnemann. Mrs. •
C. Paul, Mrs. A. Eehmus, Mrs. E. Moekel,
Mrs. M. Will, Mrs. B. Xeugebauer. Mrs. A.
Vocel. Mrs. E. Dechmann, Mrs. K. Diehl. Mrs.
V. Wrede. Mrs. 8. Wickenhauser,. Mrs. B.
H»»>. Mrs. A. Schilling, L. Beshorman.
Floor manager. Mr. Thomashewsky; assist
ant floor manager. Carl Paul Jr.
Floor committee^ — Messrs. F. Tapken. A.
Mlnne and C. Mayerhofer.
Seven bodies had been recovered and
five injured were brought to town when
a second slide came down in the path of
the first, killing two more men and in
juring a number of others. This was fol
lowed by two more snowslides, in which
five livejs were sacrificed. As the storm
still continued and the work of rescue
could only be carried on under extreme
danger to the living and as it was be
lieved that no more of those buried under
the snow could still be alive if was de
cided to abandon the. search for bodies
until it can be - prosecuted with greater
safety.
Vr. J. Q. Allen and Dr. C. W. Clancy,
who went up to attend the victims of the
first snowslide. were caught in the sec
ond. The former sustained severe inju
ries about his lower limbs and the latter
escaped uninjured." Both -were carried
dovn a distance of more than fifty feet
but managed to extricate themselves. '
It had been snowing for three days and
the snow and fog were so dense when the
slide came down that it was utterly im
possible for one to see ten feet ahead.
The accident broke the telephone circuit
and several hours elapsed' before a mes
senger reached town with tidings of the
disaster. All the doctors available and
many citizens hurried up the mountain
to lend assistance in digging out the dead
and injured. . . . ,-' ' :
F. C. Clemmer, the timekeeper at the
mine, who was killed; it is said, was sit
ting at his desk and making out the time
of the employes when the crash came
and all the books of the company record
ing the names of those on the pay roll
were destroyed. The exact number' of
men who were caught in this slide is not
known, but there were probably not iess
than thirty in the bunkhouse and board
ing-house when they were swept away.
Fortunately a large majority of the 2aO
miners employed in the Liberty Bell mine
were either in the underground workings
or absent in town at the time of the ac
cident. • ... . .
He had Just come from b.reakfast and
was in the stable saddling hla animals
when he heard a terrific crashing and
rattling. The stable grew suddenly as'
dark as night. Stepping, to the door be
opened it and found the outside tbtaliy
dark and the air filled with flying snow.
Thinking it was- a terrific gust of wind,
he slammed the etabie door shut and
waited a fe"w seconds. He peered through
a crack, and as it grew lighter again he
opened the door and saw. the tram cable
swinging about and buckets rolling down
the hiil.
As the snow in the air settled he
stepped out a few feet, and looking up
toward the boarding and bunk houses
could see no signs -of these build
ings. Then, looking down the hill, he
saw boards and timbers sticking out of
the snow and scattered about. He then
,went up to the ore and tram house, or
where it .had stood, and saw what he
thought was a piece of overalls. Grasp
ing it and attempting to pull it out, lie
found he had hold of a man's body.
Tearing away" the snow and boards, he
pulled out the body of Gus Kraul. The
body was terribly mangled and the head
crushed until it was no thicker than the
two hands laid flatly together. He then,
started toward the boarding-house ana
met his brother. Charlie Umsted, who
told him what. had happened. Chanle
was employed in the boarding-house, and
escaped by being out at the time after a
bucket of water. _
The most lucid account of the first snow
slide, which carried away the boarding
and bunk'houscs and other buildings of the
Liberty Bell mine. In Cornet Creek Basin,
three and a half miles north of this city,
and buried their occupants in the gulch
under masses of show and debris, was
given by L. M. Umsted, who is employed
In packing ore from acrusher to the tram
station.
TELLURIDE, Colo., March L— The
number of lives lost In the four aval
anches that swept down Smuggler Moun
tain yesterday. is now estimated at from
twenty tfa tweiity-flve. Fourteen men are
known tlj have been killed, an unknown
number burle/i under, the snow and twelve
badly Injured persons are In the hospital,
while several other, men who were hurt
are at their/ homes. It is believed that
few If any more bodies can bo recovered
until the snow melts. '
Eye-Witness Tells Hew Great
Avalanches Wrought
Ruin: v
Bodies of Telluride Min
ers Cannot BeRe
covered
SNOW COVERS
MANY VICTIM
HEADGEAR AND UMB RELL AS
CAMPER AWAY WITH WIND
Crowds on Downtown •Streets Enjoy ,Watching
Pranks Played by the Heavy Gale. .
TliK -SAN; f UAJNUiSUO;\<JAJLL,: SUNDAY,- -M A1JGH a, V vis>02i
18
Spring Humors
Cause- many troubles— pimples, boils
and other eruptions, besides ; loss '/of
appetite, . that' tired feeling, : fits } ¦ of
biliousness, indigestion and headache. '-
The : way to 1 get rid of them and to
. build \ up i the ?. system . that • has suffered
fncjimithem i$ totake ; ;..','•
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
forming in combination the Spring
Medicine J : .t>} r } -exc I ' mce,-. unequaled
for, purifying the :blood, . , as ;, shown ; by;
radical 'and; permanent cures. of ¦ ' -
Scrofula " \.S» It Rheum
Seal-1 H>ad Bolls,, fmples
All Kinds r.f. umor Ps rlasls - '
Blood Poisoning Rheumatsm
Catarrh • Dyspepsia Etc
."- Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed' oil
request. ' C. I. " HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGERS
OF COUGHS
CONTRACTED IN MARCH..
A couch contracted la March (no mat-
ter bow slight) Is far more dangerous
than at any other eeason of the year, and
for theso reasons. The blood at this sea-
son Is thick, heavy, sluggish and unable
to throw ctC disease germs. The throat
and lung's, irritated from coughs and
colds, are In a weakened condition and,.
ready to receive and nourish the millions
of consumptive, catarrh and - bronchitis
germs which have lain dormant all win-
ter and are now being dried and blown
Into the air by the March winds.
Every breath you Inhale Is filled with
these germs. If they are allowed to re-
main on the Inflamed membrane, they be-
cln to multiply with great rapidity, and
It Is thus that caXarrh. bronchitis, pneu-
monia and consumption are contracted.
Formerly there was no possible way of
preventing this infection, but to-day it is
only through carelessness and neglect
that such diseases can be contracted. '
.A. few moments' inhalation of the new
dry air germicide, Hyomei. morning and
night, will destroy every disease germ
taken Into the throat and lungs during
the day, and It is through this method
only that tuch germs can be reached and
destroyed.
To breathe Hyomei means certain death
to all germs of respiratory diseases. It
is only a question, of time— depending
upon how deeply these germs have be-
come Imbedded, when Hyomei will reach
them and destroy them.
Common coughs .are cured In twenty-
tour hours.
Croup germs are destroyed In one hour.
The germs of catarrh, bronchitis and
consumption are completely eradicated in
a few weeks. All you have to do is to
breathe Hyomei for ten minutes, morn-
ing, noon and night.
HTOMEI Ik sold by all druggists or seat by
nail. Price $1.00, or If you prefer to test this
treatment fcr.fl\-e days free eend to The R. T. '
Booth Co.. Ithaca. K. Y. .
, : . # APVEBTI3EMENTS. . . .
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE,
24 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
tion that immediately doubles the earning 'power of a young man or woman.
j^^ 'A In© Qty] g
Jf . The Owl's prices are always lower than other stores charge.
u This is because we buy in such large quantities for four stores— w
*m because we sell for spot cash and have no accounts or collectors. tA
m These special prices are lower than our usual cut rates «\
lU and will prevail all week until Saturday night,. March 8th. Til
g Telephone orders delivered free— South 3 56— open day and night. 'U
i| Sheffield's and" Lesley's Buchanan's Black and 111 <
I Dentifrice— Hube each 25c White Scotch Whiskey SI Wu-^
K KegoliT price 1* *je each— our cat rit« . A re«ol»r Ij.co onsrt bottl« ll •
K price ijc each " * .»w^— • yii
\l Lola Monfcz Cream 50c ! 47H Glycerine Soap 2 for 25c m
. * Sell* In other Hotel for 75c— «or tuual The fe P lir *< iIIn t P^" b ** e "" •«* Ul
W\ price 65c cut rate price It 15c Jill
1\ Coke Dandruff Cure 65c Martin's Rye Whiskey 75c Tf /
m , . |je !*»» than the rtgultx price mad 10c ' Th " best Baltimore whiskey dlttmtl— ,16 H
ll> 1cm than our n»nal price ., < .» ¦ telling tcgalzt crerywhere {at $l '.' till
Ifli , Packer's Tar Soap J5 C Rorida Water- Iar^e 45c, .JW
tti Voa piy J5c it other «ore»— our Moal Murny tc L«nm»a'»-tJie kind we Mil if It
W\ Belladonna Plasters 4 for 25c Sozodont— small !5c fil/I
VCSL - The regular ioc plaiten ' ; . game «I«e other «ore» ch*rp«5c for ////
m\ Send for our new catalogue— just out Jffl^s
' -. \\VV "•» M«rf\«t St., S*n rr»nelt«o • • *J*Mf
JEgjjffijffj \'- \ Dro*d^»y»y 4* lO'K Si.. O«K)*ncl iff/
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
¦ ;."¦"¦"¦" "¦-¦¦" n _ .- ¦ ¦ - ,. . i. _ ,
Send Name and Address To-Day— -You
Can Have It Free and Be Strong
dnd Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
How tny man mar quickly cure himself art«r been extraordinary. It bis completely braced
f«*rc at sufferlnc from Mxual weaknesa. lost me up. I am Just as vigorous as 'When a. buy
viutity. nigrbt losses. vtu-Ieocel-. etc.. and en- **»* you' cannot- realize how happy I am."
larse »mall. weak orpin, to full size and vlpor. p.£tf/ ii!~ Your M nietl L od . 7 0rked ¦*e»»tlftxlly.
amply.** name end addre*. to Dr. 1. %&*&£%£?£&$& ' '^SKd'SPg 1
W. Knmpp. »73 Hull b*Ml*g. Detroit. Mich., largemfnt is enUre!y P SfactorT"
and he m-ill rl«ully send the £re« receipt witn "Dear Sir— Yours was received and I had no
full directions «o that any man may easily cure trouble in making use of the receipt as directed
hiratelf at hom*. This la certainly -a most gen- and can truthfully eay It Is a boon to weak
•roue offer, and the roliowing extracts taken men. I am greatly improved in elze,i »tren«h
from his dally uxaU sbim w&at men think of and vipor." wrengtn
fci* reneriotlty: . . AH correspondence la strictly conndentlal.
"Dt&r Sir— Plea*« accept my sincere thanks mailed in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
for yours of recent date. I have given your is free for the asking: and he wants every man
treatment a thorough t~t and the benefit ha. I to have u.COMFORTS ENJOTEDBT THE
ROYAL. VISITOR DURING
THE PRESENT TOUR.
Albert B. Martin, an electrician em
ployed by the Independent Light Com
pany, while at work in a tannery en tha
San Bruno road yesterday was caught In
the shafting. His left arm was broken
and he received a few scalp wounds and
a possible fracture of the skull before ha
could be rescued from his position. Ha
was treated at tha Receiving Hospital.
Electrician Caught in, Shafting.
Jacob Boos, aged between 65 and TO
years, was found last evening in an un
conscious condition at his lodgings. 633
Commercial street. Boos was : taken to
the Emergency Hospital, where it was
determined that he was suffering from
starvation. Lato last night h^ was In a
semi-conscious state and there was llttls
hops of his recovery. It Is surmised that
Boos must have been a miser from tha
fact that the sum of $113 was found upon
him. He is a pensioner of tha United
States Government. i
Jacob Boos Found Starving.
The first and only brewer freeing ala
from sediment. E7VANS' Ala is worth,
knowing and trying. Sherwood & Sher
wood, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Port
land, Seattle. •
Evans, the Reformer of Ale.
Florodora Club Entertains.
The members of the Florodora Club
gave, their second monthly entertainment
last evening at Seventeenth and Mission
streets. A capital programme was ar
ranged by the committee on amusements
and it was a late hour before the merry
party dispersed. The gatherings of the
t lorodora Club are destined to become
popular with the young folks of th,e Mis
sion.
NEW YORK, March 1.— Emperor Wil
liam has made the following reply to the
cable message sent him by the American
Press on the occasion of the banquet
given by the New York Staats Zeitung in
honor of Prince Henry:
BERLIN. March 1. 1902.— Mr. Melville E.
Stone |New York: Accept my thanks for your
welcoife message. I nlghly aopreciate the
grand and sympathetic reception given to my
dear brother by the editors of the daily news
papers of the United Statej^^'^
William Thanks rJitors.
The politicians and writer • however, are
beginning to examine his visit from the
standpoint of class and party views. The
Socialists revile everything about the trip
from their double hatred of royalty and
wealth. They sneer at the "democracy
for export," as they call Prince Henry's
unaffected bearing, affirming that royalty
at home Is never so amiable. New names
for the United States besprinkle : the So
cialist press, such as "Dollar Republic,"
and the papers call those who took part in
the luncheon with the Prince at Sherry's,
BERLIN, March 1.— The first Impression
of wonder over '. the reception of Prince
Henry of Prussia in the United States has
passed, for fresh incidents of the Prince's
experiences continue to entertain the pub
lic. The newspapers here handle the dis
patches from" the "United States as though
they were . installments of a serial ro
mance, and curiosity as to what will hap
pen next Is nearly as keen as when Prince
Henry debarked.
Pleased by Prince's Visit.
One Class of Germans Who Are Not
SOCIALISTS FIND FAULT.
New York. "Dollar Majesties."
The Vorwaerts sees -rofllgacy in every
banquet, scandalous waste In the flower
display and uses as a text the fact that
seats at the gala performance at the
Metropolitan. Opera-house were selling: at
200 marks. ¦i>^':;K'> ¦ - -
Much of the time lost at Portage, Pa.,
was made up in Ohio and unless there are
other unforeseen delays the train will re
gain Its position on the schedule time
during the night.
The Prince left the dining table to
acknowledge the cheers of a small crowd
that gathered about a water tank outside
of Xenia.' They numbered less than fifty,
but when the Prince heard that they
wanted to meet him, ' he obligingly left
the table and went to the rear platform.
He bowed to the little crowd and then
waved his napkin, which he had carried
out with him.
' • >¦*•¦ . ' •
of Pennsylvania and Ohio and made ex
tended notes on the margin of the map.
He was very enthusiastic over the events
of • the day and It was ' late In the after
noon when he retired to rest before going
through the evening receptions. He dined
at 7 o'clock in the evening and while he
and his. guests were at the table the speed
was cut down to forty miles an hour. His
guests at dinner were Admiral EJvans,
Ambassador von Holleben, Major General
Corbln. Assistant Secretary of State Hill,
Carl Pollier, German Consul ¦ at Cincin
nati; Superintendent Ralph Peters of the
Panhandle and Lieutenant Commander
von Egidy.
This (Sunday) afternoon the first mati
nee will be given at Fischer's new thea
ter of that charming musical comedy,'
"The 'French Maid." Reserved, seats, '23
c-f-i.ts; children, 15 cents.
"Yes," To-Day.
The arguments!, on the motions for a
new trial in > the cases of William , Buck
ley and Edward Moran, convicted of the
murder of George W.Rice, the non-union
machinist, at Twentieth and - Howard
streets, *¦ October 11, did not take place
yesterday as was expected. When tho
cases were called the defendants': attor
ncyB asked for a continuance, as .they
wero ] not ready; to proceed.' Moran'scaaa
was • continued till . to-morrow a.nd • Buck
ley's till Tuesday, when a 'd*v will be
set for hearing 1 the arguments. -
Buckley and Moran in Court.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 1.—Judg
ment In - the cases of the prisoners
charged with participating: in the reli
gious', riots at Pavlovskoi, near Moscow,'
has been rendered. Of the sixty-six peo
ple accused," forty-five have been con
demned to from four ' to ; fifteen years'
penal servitude. \
Rioters Must Go to Jail.
TORONTO, OnL, March 1.— At to-day's
session of the students' Volunteer Move
ment, Samuel B. Capen of Boston deliv
ered an address on the necessity of mak
ing the financial plans of the church com
mensurate with the magnitude of the
task of the world's evangelization. Dr.
John F. Goucher of Baltimore spoke upon
the financial, side of foreign missions. 8.
Karl Taylor, organizing secretary of • the
Methodist church, dealt also : with .the
financial aspect of foreign missions.
There were, he said, 2000 Congregational,
'&m> Baptist. 2500 Protestant Episcopal and
673 Presbyterian churches in the United
States which never contributed a cent for
foreign missions. • ¦ '
Need Money for Evangelization.
It has been rumored for some time that
a conflict existed between the Government
authorities and Sir Weetman over the ful
fillment of the terms of the lease of this
road and that it was this trouble which
caused Sir Weetman to make his recent
hurried trip to this country from England
It Is expected that the differences will be
amicably adjusted and that the recon
struction of the road will be carried on
as rapidly as possible.
COATZACOALCOS, Mexico, March L-
There Is much importance attached to the
present visit of Jose Ives Limantour, Min
ister of Finance of Mexico, to the isthmus
of Tehuantepec stnd his personal inspec
tion of the physical condition of the Na
tional TehuanteRec Railroad.
This road runs between Coatilcoalcob,
on the Atlantic side of the isthmus, and
Salinas Cruz on the Pacific side. It «a*
leased several months ago to Sir Weet
man Pearson, an English contractor, for
a period of fifty years. The physical con.
dltion -was found to be so bad that Sir
W'eetman determined upon complete re
construction of the road. It is reported
that he made a request for an appropria
tion of $2,000,000 by the Mexican Govern
ment for carrying- out this proposed im
provement. This request Is deemed ex
orbitant and not In accordance with the
terms of the lease of the property, and
the object of L-itnantour's visit ia to make
a personal Investigation of the needs of
the property with a view of making pfo»
per recommendation in the premises to
the Government.
Important ZSfect on Railroad
. Project.
Visit of a Mexican Official May Have
MIUTSTEB. OF FINANCE
' WILL MAKE I2TSPECTION
"I am not going to establish any wire
less service between Cuba and the United
States, as has been reported, nor have I
any intention of establishing a line across
the English Channel." •_
"This time," said Marconi, "there can
be no error. Captain Mills and Chief Of
ficer Marsden signed J each message re
ceived : as ¦ witnesses. - Fifteen hundred
miles at sea regular messages were re
ceived from the Cornwall station, and
ticks were recorded at a distance of 2thn)
miles! It had been said that my New
foundland messages were, due to my imag
ination, and to atmospheric currents, so I
requested the captain's signaturerto bear
me out. ' ,
¦NEW YORK, March 1.— Signor Marconi,
who arrived to-day on the Philadelphia
from Southampton, reported a new wire
less telegraph record. -
Uses Wireless Telegraph
During 1 Whole Trip ,
Over.
Oregon— Coqullle, $30,000; Siuslaw, $26,000;
Columbia, at Cascades. $30,000; Upper
Columbia and Snake,' $2a,000; mouth of
Columbia, $500,000, and continuing con
tract. $1,000,000; lower Willamette and
Columbia, below .Portland, $225,000; Wil
lamette, above Portland, and Long Tom,
$68,000.
Washington— Swinomish Slough, $30,000.
WASHINGTON, March 1.— The river
and harbor bill was completed to-day and
the Items were made public Unusual In
terest attaches to the measure this year,
as last year passed without a river and
harbor bill.
The total carried by the measures com
pleted to-day Is $60,700,000. Of this total
524,000,000 is in cash and J36.700.000 is in
continuing contracts available July 1 1D03
The total is about $2,000,000 more than the
bill which was "talked to death" during
the final hours of the last Congress, The
appropriations of $23,000 or over for har
bors include the following:
California— San Diego, *75,000, and con
tinuing contract, 5la2,£50; Wilmington,
J2o0,00o; San Luis Oftispo, $50,000; Oakland
JlUO.OOO; Blossom Rock, Carquinez Straits
$15O,(KW, and continuing contract, $281,000.
Oregon — Tillamook Bay and bar, $27 000
Washington— Olympia harbor, $25,000;
Seattle, Shilshale and Salmon bays $160 -
000; Tacoma, $75,000; New Whatconi $25'
000; Grays Harbor, Including Chehalis
River. $50,000.
The appropriations for rivers include
the following:
California— Sacramento and Feather,
$25,000; Sacramento and Feather debris
dams, $150,000.
MARCONI'S NEW
ACHIEVEMENT
which had been set up in his car. He
asked many questions as to the industries
Congressmen Decide on
the Immense Ap
propriation.
GIVE MONEY
FOR HARBORS
WAITED IN" THE BAIN" FOB
WAEDEH TO AB.REST HIM
GUTHRIE. O. T.. March 1.— WTiile resisting
arrest in the Arbuckle Mountains, an" outlaw
known as Captain Jack was killed by Deputy
Vr.lted States Marshal Upham of Ryan. No
friend of the man could be located, and he
¦was burled at the Government's expense.
William Oldenburg Keeps Stranga
Vigil in th.« Storm All
Day.
William Oldenburg of 1130 Howard street
•wa* taken to the Emergency Hospital
vesterday afternoon suffering from de
lirium trenaens. He was noticed for sev
eral hours standing at the corner of Lar
kin and McAllister streets In the drench
ing rain, and the steadfastness of his vigil
attracted the attention of Policeman Dan
Owens. When questioned he said he had
been left at that place early In the morn
ing by three men, who told him he was
under arrest and for him to wait there
until the warden came to take him. to Jail.
At the hospital his identity was ascer
tained, and papers were found on his per
pon indicating that his wife had been di
vorced from him recently. /.
At times the swaying engine was run
ning sixty miles an hour and when the
Prince, left the cab he was almost as
grimy as the engineer. not re
sponding to the receptions he was busy
sightseeing and studying a large map
C u INCINNATI. March 1.— Prince
Henry of Prussia traversed the
States of Maryland, Pennsylvania
' and Ohio to-day and to-night his
special train is speeding through
Kentucky Into Tennessee, with the bat
tlefields around Chattanooga' as Its final
Southern goal. He stopped for formal re
ceptions at Altoona, Pittsburg. Columbus
and Cincinnati, but the welcome extended
to him was not limited to those places.
Everywhere along the line after daylight
came and until long after darkness the
people gathered at the stations to chej|
him as he speeded along. The storm tnWI
swelled the rivers to the danger point had
passed away and he saw a zone of three
States In the brilliant sunJlght.VHe saw a
stretch of fifty miles of the Allegheny
Mountains from the cab of an engine and
most of it was down grade at a speed that
thrilled. The train had lost two hours at
Portage by reason of a wreck to the west
ward of that point and when the special
got a clear track again an attempt was
made to win back some of the time that
had been lost.
* - • ¦ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 11)02.
Now Speeding Through Kentucky*
Traverses States of Maryland, Pennsylvania and Ohio and Is
PRINCE HENRY RIDES IN THE CAB
AND VIEWS ALLEGHENY SCENERY
19
JUST ONE MORE WEEK
Owing to the fact that the doctors were unable to prescribe for all the great crowds that have thronged their offices for the past few
days, and that they were unable to reply to the" many letters from all parts of the country asking for a little more time so that they mJgat
take ndvantage of Drs. Shores' NOTABLE OFFER to treat all catarrhal chronic diseases until cured for the LOW FEE o* J3.0OA
MONTH, no other charge in any case, all medicines free. Drs. Shores, in order to give ALL. A CHANCE, havs decided to «xtena the offer
ANOTHER WEEK TO ALL WHO APPLY. Do not delay. Consultation free. ... - I ¦ .-. ' _-_ -, „.
:•¦¦—." Drs. Shores' popular Jt.T.OO a month rate for all catarrhal chronic diseases, medicines freel until cured to Mtrm PT P**«. . B °° rga ' _~?
¦ DEMONSTRATE t« »ho public that "thq Drs. Shores' treatment" is SUPERIOR to alt others in CURING QUICKLY. 8FRINO M ITHB
. • •jLl^ TIME TO CURE CATARRH. ONE MONTH'S TREATMENT NOW IS EQUAl. TO THREH
.jgSg^fe,. . MONTHS' AT ANY OTHER SEASON OF THE YEAR. This low rateholds good to AIX
>epSS£»^ WHO APPLY BEFORE MARCH OTH. No matter how "COMPLICATED" your catarrh
' ig^S^fSiOmHn <|n may be, $3.00 Is ail the money you need. $3.00 paya for one whols month, all medicine* and
' M*^* ¦^ s *- . treatment furnished absolutely free.
Jf ;Y DEMAND THE F»ROOF\
me '¦'•: ' \ Drs. Shores caution the sick not to pay out another dollar to any doctor for treatment
Bn ' a 'or medicines until you are satisfied that the doctor you elect to treat you Is qualified by «x-
W&' S perience and learning to cure you. When a doctor (or some medical concern) tells you thay
- Yffi "_jtt0__ j -~»^ B can cure you ask them who they have cured that were sick like yourself. II a doctor cur«»
Wfi r^-S&Tf' 1 * -''SSviS!> M others he can cure you. If a doctor, by any SUBTERFUGE, is not willing that you may
/Z~?W, '&£&£* Q know whether he Is SKILLED or not in the treatment of your kind of ailment th» chane««
fMTOW trSS? 1 J*n are ten to one he Is INCOMPETENT to treat you or la a MEDICAL .FAKIR. Tak» no man' •
; ..-V -¦ W|j» ; •^ T _ E^^ trW unsupported word- that he cures DEAFNESS. CATARRH and CHRONIC DISEASES. I>E-
\\K fa A V ¦ ¦ MAND THE PROOF. Drs. Shores «are graduates in medicine from America's leadln* mad-
• \. , /I-: ,or 'X * U;J ical colleges and they have personally treated in the past fifteen years over 100,000 cases of
\A * r {,/' Catarrh and' Chronic Diseases, and the voluntary TESTIMONIALS, each week from wall-
l\ a^ZfKOiSRV V known people who live right here In the city, people you know and can talk with, •jxsak for
1- J»*«2SSffl / DRS. SHORES' SKILL as expert physicians and specialists.
I '"^_l~ !i 5J!li!h_r They tell YOU Drs. Shores" treatment cures when others failed (ana for a trlflms «xpen««).
I *^^wnL EEMEMBEB — Under this special offer, if you apply before March. Oth,
A. 'V. > JmrntL \7 0U Drs. Shores' regular $5 a month treatment for $3.00.
.•¦','. •¦.-'- I "iO 'J Heart Disease, Nervous Diseases. Chores, (or * rtkA^r
'-¦;'. I h*2\. Jf -ox St. Vltus' Danoe). Rickets, Spinal Troubla.
WILLIAM MAAS. A Ovarian IMseases. Sciatica and Rheumatism. gSfjjfylUffllWIJMMk
342S Nineteenth street. San Francisco. Cal. " SS § TrSSlSe. th L2? W M?nliS? P £SS£ &£££ I^PbcStOi
- m » Goiter (or Bigr Neck). Blood Disea.es. All-Dta-
A tf -i-f-irri 1 "»rk VporC I^iu3?«dln§ffil eases of the Pr° state Oland > Tapeworm. Hay aflSf»JP - Iv
ASinrrici 20 y ears. Wmr3zrm!&3 Fever ' H y* teria - ep»«w. iMomma,.«tc *^^«» \j
! Mr. Maas says: "i am a sailor BY oc- Y 1T\1mSp Home Treatment Cures. Wrlto W
cupation and wias born ami raised in this i . a I r£3gg£ f or Symptom List. Consultation >£S3y* /
city. I have been a GREAT SUFFERER I » I I^SSj*' c—__. \ ¦ TT* X*
FROM ASTHMA AND CATARRH; my asthma » «•/«*#. "Ce. '.".'._--> .\. ,- -i .
would get so bad I 'would have to CHANGE A*/ |=J \ \T . ftft RTV - ' •«'." PflV \A/n*»t"l C f%fC±f\
CLIMATE to get relief. I WQULD CHOKE YVO/AIV -.••HjII.-. .. . rtLy VY .11611 WUlCU.
UP AT NIOHT. • "! if you iuffer from any of the weaknesses or We cure you first, and then »ik * RBASOIT*
"I have tried lots or doctors and treatments diseases caused by ' Ignorance or dissipation able FEE when you ar« cured. NOW WBI
and taken so-called patent medicines, all to no you ARE THE VERY PERSON WE WANT WANT TO CURB YOU with th» distinct on-
purpose. This was my condition when I began TO TALK TO. ¦ -^,^«^ TT^ derstandlng that wa will not demand a fw» aa-
DrB. Shores - & Shores' treatment two months We have proven our skill In curing: CHRONIC til we cure you
aifo. I SLEEP GOOD NOWJ AND MY.APPE- diseases by publishing the many voluntary t«s- ALL. PRIVATE DISEASES art Included In
TITE IS FINE.. I feel much, better in every tlmonlals from home people, glTinj names, this special offer, iuch as LOST MANHOOD,
way. Lir«.i!. »„„.—.,-»« '^LH'^L^ picture* and addresws. . •! seminal weakness, spermatorrhaea, Tarloocclt.
¦'«w D1 ??rom HO th5 ¦ START AND ?tIkb WB CAN'T PUBLISH OUR CURBS contracted disorders . coottstous blood poUonat
ME FROM THE BiAKi-, j*5*JJ *• 1 5'^J? 1 | M nD iv. T r mcPACPC «' c - and ALL WEAKNESSES of min.
PLEASURE IN • RECOM MENDINO DRS. : IN PRIVATF. DISEASES (If disease has reached th» lnourabU
SHORES TO ALL_ SUFFERERS FROM Because it would betray confidence. Hence w« rtare we will frankly tellyouso.^ »«"«•
ASTHMA^ AND -CATARRH. FOR ; THEIR have to prove our skill In this class of trouble* CONSULTATION AND BXAMEfATIOt*
TREATMENT HAS DONE WONDERS FOR in. another way. This is our plan: FREE by letter or in person. Call or writ*.
SffiKfrSWS DRS. SHORES & SHORES, Specialists,
cssane^ wiley b, alien bldg., 933 market st., naasfta.
"3128 10th St., San Kranctnco, Cal.'' Office Hours—Week Days, 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. Evenlnga, 0 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 13 m.
2 Ban Franciaco, Sunday, 2 March, 1902.
New Bigelow
j Axminster Carpets
r P r — O
r~ One of the most important lines of the season in our
K carpet store will undoubtedly be the high-^rade Axminsters
h from the famous Bigelow-Lowell Mills. Some of the hand-
f j somest of these new spring patterns are already on our floors
U and they will charm you. For instance: Here is a rich two-
H tone cerise red scroll design. A striking Oriental pattern in
j: a combination of green, red and tan. A two-tone green ground
y with tan floral design. A tan ground with Oriental figures in
H red and green. A deep red ground with an Oriental block
|* design in two shades of green. A ntle green ground with an.
£ empire design in delicate blue, pink and yjellow.
y These and other patterns are exclusively ours to sell in
iSan Francisco. Come and see them.
O O
Next Tuesday ~^ %
Everybody welcome. ' A double event — First Anniversary of
our Market-street store and Spring Opening Display of new
furniture, floor coverings and draperies.. Reception hours —
afternoon from two o'clock to five; evening from eight o'clock
to deven. No goods will be sold- during these hours. Music '
by Bennett's Orchestra and the Original Hawaiian Quartette.^
! (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
f 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenu c
DB. KTr/fffETt'S SWAMP-BOOT. ''•
DID/NOT KNOW SHE
HAD KIDNEY TROUBLE
Thousands^ Have Kidney Trouble
and Nev^r Suspect It.
Gcptpudc Warner Scott Cured by the Great
Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root.
. • '• Vlnton, Iowa, July 15th, 1901
DR. KILMER & CO., Binghamton, N. T.
Gentlemen — In the summer of 1893, I was taken violently HI. My trouble be>-
. gan with pain in my stomach and back, so severe that it seemed as it knives
were cutting me. I was treated by two of the beat physicians In tha county,
and consulted another. None of them suspected that the cause of my trouble
was kidney disease. They all told mo that I had cancer of the stomach, and
would die. I grew so week that I could not walk any more than a child a
month old, and I only weighed sixty pounds. One day my brother saw In a
paper your advertisement of Swamp-Root, the rreat kidney remedy. H« bought
me a bottle at our drug store and I took it. My family could see a change In
me, for the better, so they obtained more and I continued the use of Swamp-
Root regularly. I was so weak and run dortn that It took considerable time
to build me up again. I am now well, thanks to Swamp-Root, and weigh 143
pounds, and am keeping house for my husband and brother on a farm. Swamp-
Root cured me after the doctors had failed to do me a particle of good.
(Gertrude Warner Scott.)
¦ ¦Women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not cor-
rectly understood; in many cases when doctoring they are led to believe that
womb trouble or female weakness of some sort Is responsible for their Ills,
when In fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder
remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, Is soon realized. It stands the highest for Its
wonderful cures of the most distressing cases. A trial will convince anyone—
and you may have a sample bottle sent free, by mall. •
Sample Bottle of Swamp-Root Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTE— If you have the slightest symptoms of kidney or blad-
der trouble,- or If there Is a trace of It In your family history, send at once to
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Blnghamton, N. T., who will gladly send you by mail, im-
mediately, without cost to you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book
telling all about Swamp-Root and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. La writing
to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Blnghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this
generous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp- Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
everywhere: Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root.
Dr Kilmer's Swamp-RSot. and the address. Blnghamton. N. T.. on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whyjpat
When There is a New Home Treat-
ment That Quickly Reduces
Weight to Normal Without
Diet or Medicine and
is Abso'utely Safe.
A TRIAL PACKAGE FREE BY MAIL.
¦Pcn't be too fat: don't pun* and blow; don't
endanger your life with a lot of excess fat,
and furthermore, don't ruin your stomach with
a lot of useless drugs and patent medicines.
Send your name and address to Prof. P. J.
Kellogg, 491 W. Main st., Battle Creek, Mich.,
and he will send you free a trial package of his
remarkable treatment that will reduce your
weight to normal. Do not be. afraid of evil
consequence*: the treatment la Derfectly safe,/
1h natural and scientific and gives such a de-
Rcve of comfort as to astonish those who have
1 .anted and perspired under the weight of ¦ ex-
ccss fat. It takes off the big stomach, gives
heart freedom, enable* the lungs to expand
naturally and you will feel a hundred times
better the first day you try. this ¦wonderful
home treatment. * .
Sand your name and address for a free trial
package sent securely sealed In a plain wrap-
per, with full directions how to use it, books
and testimonials from hundreds who have been
cured.
Send for the free trial package to-day. It
will brighten the rest of your life. •
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOWM SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHEHS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. ROFTENB
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Bold by Druggists in every part or
the world. lie sura and ask for
MES. WINSLOW'S SMOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twentv-flvc ft-ntu »¦ iloltlc
B. K ATSGH INSk li
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. 1
10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO. |
Velvet Juliets I
FUR TRIMMED. I
If there is one thing that a lady I
ca,n appreciate it is a Juliet— easy c
on the feet, always comfortable, |
and yet a support to the ankle. It I
presents an attractive, stylish ap- 1
peurarice never attained by a slip- K
l>er. This week we offer an un- I
usual bargain in ladies' Red, Black, F
Green and Brown Velvet fur B
trimmed Juliets, with turned soles f
and French heels. The price only H
V> 15, sizes 2 to 6, widths C to EE. H
What Every Child Wants. 1
Children's and Misses' fancy col- H
ored kid. one-strap Sandals, with K
turned soles and eprinp hoe'.s; col- Hj
ors, White, Blue, Black, Pink and R
Patent Leather; widths, A, B and H
Child's ulzf>8. s>4 to 11 il!*c H
Misses' sizes, 11>£ to 2 •!."»«? tj
We have not every size In ev«ry H
color, but every size In some color. H
These Sandals formerly sold for H
J] Z» and :i :>'j. " H
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED. I
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
IO THIRD STREET. B
San Francisco. ' RBpfPlBl lilnpnlrll to Th« Call
LOB ANCIKUKR, March l.-Mra. Mary
II, Wnkefldid.'ng^l 78, nnd Mm. l(ai>rl«t
l». Johrinnn, inifd 70, n»nd nlmnrH, nrrlvnd
hem frnm llnntrni I net Monday to nay »
visit to tholr niece, Mra, Cl'nrenrrt w
Cook of £323 Lantl uvwnue. On tha way
both (tontrnctnd cnldn nnd. Mra. Wnka*
Hold doveloped .pneumnnln.
"If only I can llv« until I can «an (ha
d«ar ohlldren I'll ha r^ndy fo die," aho
imlii. ¦ -
H»ir wlah,waa srHnt«.l, for thny wrrlverl
nt » o'clock Monday Hftnrnnnn and nr 8U5
o'clock Mm. AVHkanold illml - p«ncnfully
¦urroundml hy thn«« nh 0 Invert, On Wed*
n««<1ny Mr«. Johnaon wni* -nUutiktid by
pnuinnonla anil calmly puaaod.iiwuy ihul
iiiimn flvpnlni, Tng«ilt«r in ileiith, na In
lifn, ih.. IhmI U'.h of ihh alalara w.w.. h.-',
ApfGd Sisters Contract
Fatal Illness in Trip
From East.
DEATH AWAITS
JOURNEY'S END
AUSTIN, Texan, March l.-A dlitpateh
from Monterey. Mexico, aaya: The pollc*
hbvt) captured several member* of an
nt rvniiUo'l band who bav« for e#v*r«l
months Iipimi ateallhg Hllver and gold 1ml
llon from the amdleri at Mo»n«r«y. Tho
tl.levrn are Italians. More than $30,000
worth of bullion wna found In their pun
arnatori. They had a mlnluturp smelter In
oi'crntlon nna had mndf heavy ahtpmenta
of bullion nKftrcRatlng more than $100,000.
BMELTERB AT M0NTEHEY .
AJIE HO HOED BY ITALIA NO
IUSDDINO, Marsh l.-"UMli" J#nkln«,
an aged employe of 3d Itufford at the
Mlllflp' Muln| In ll:i||fin, WBI) fotind Ill1i'»ll
m'lu'i i nnd dying ¦"> in* Anritrnrtn run l.
within iht corporate limit* nf Redding
In Mf hljtht. A frith mI 1 liiMlHiiliVsint inn
put't limn Wim (lit tho Ml Hirrle hniio, hut
mi uihnr IhIui-I^m wpi-o ttpparcnt, , J«n>
Whin tiled whllr lifliur brnuiht tn town.
After iitirt'lmnliiK nuppUeg In KnMlnir
ypmcriiny ttCtrrnoon thp qhl . rnnn ho3
Mttrted to n cnrriU on thn pmsklrtn of th«
pity, to put un fgr »h« nfaht. Ont man
who daw Joiiltm* within two blocka of
Ihn ntpno of hl« dfnth aaya two men
wi'i-f In th« waroii with htm. If thla b«
trim murtiT hnn probnljly b«tn dom».
Jpnklnn "wna tntoxlcnt«rt when he Uft
town niiri hut for the one wltncea' teitl
inony clreumntunrei would «#era to point
to tin uecldtmtnl death. Coronrr Oreena In
InvcitlsntlnC'
2Inv« Seen Viotim of
Murder.
Aged BhARtR County XUildent May
FOUND UNCONSCIOUS
AND DYXNO ON X10AD
The Bakersfleld Calf fornlan says that
thn strike made, by the Sunset Coast Oil
Company In the Midway district Is In sec
tion 40, and Is removed hal.f a. mile from
any other strike, and Is therefore signifi
cant aa extending the territory. The oil
v.as made manifest at a depth of 1343
feet. The pressure la strong. The near
est wells to the site of the new discov
ery belcns to Bpallaoy & Btroud.
The producers tn the Bummerland field
are reported aa agreeing to unite for the
jiurpoae of proepectlns farther from
ahnro than lt la practicable for any Indi
vidual operator to work on account of tha
expense, The heat wella at HummerUn.l
Are. thoee that are drilled furthest from
th*- line af the Bhere.
The oil consumption of the Southern
Pacific Company the first month of the
present year amounted to 910,000 gallons.
This meant, aa compared to the cost of
coal suMcient to have produced the same
amount of energy, a saving of 123.000 to
$30,000." The conversion of Southern Pa
cific .- engines ¦ to ¦ oil ¦ burners is expected
to result In a saving of from $60,000 to
$100,000 per month, or, approximately,
$1,000,000 per annum. The Southern Pa
cific Company has placed an order with
Eactern steel manufacturers for seventy
two storage tanks having an average ca
pacity of 50,000 barrels. Of the number
twenty-one will be placed ln the oil pro
ducing territory of California, and aldo
as far north as Ashland, Or.
Railroad Use of Oil.'
The Los Angeles Times records a sin
gular occurrence on the Los 'Angeles Ex
change on Tuesday of the last week.
There "tvas only one purchaser for oil
stocks, ,and the Times remarks facetious
ly that no one was Injured ln the rush.
The one purchaser bought 1000 shares of
Ful'erton oil stock at 6 cents per share
for the block. .
The American Mecca Company at Mc-
Kittrick In its exploitation of terrjtory
is reported to have struck a fine flow
of water at a depth of 140 feet. Accord
ing to the Bakerufteld Cajlfornlan, the
managers of the company are highly
elated for the reason that there Is sucn
a scarcity of water in the field that a
good water well will prove to be more
valuable than an oil well. The supply
Is supposed to be sufficient to warrant
the establishment of a water plant.
The I .-oh Angeles Times summarizes the
Improvements that are proposed for the
Sunset district, and says that they in
clude a large refinery, a railroad to the
coast and a consolidation of a number of
the large operators. The Arcola Com
pany is behind the scheme for a combinai
tion of companies, and has enlisted the
support of several prominent operators
for oil. • : 3ti&*^
Strike Water Supply.
¦ The Los Angeles Times says that local
oil is quoted at from 50 to CO cents per
barrel for the' fuel oil at the wells. Oil
of 14 gravity, and less can be purchased at
from 40 to 50 cents per barrel. '
The way la new praetlcally dear far th«
eenatruetlen e( the Standard OH tern
pany'e pipe line frem Uakerufleld t© tine
water at Richmond. In the last we<i>k
many deedi.of right ef way threugh
their propertlei have been recorded tw
the company from the owners ot land
between the Kern Illver field and the
ndrthern boundary line of Kern County.
Practically all the right ef way that la
needed has been secured ln all the coun
ties through which the pipe M"« w111 * agfl#
From the Kern River field the line will
extend ln a northwesterly direction and
will cross the county boundary near De
lano. The privileges granted to the com*
pany include the right to lay, maintain
and operate pipe lines for the transport**
tlon of petroleum or gas and the erec
tion and maintenance of telegraph and
telephone lines. The pipe Is on the way
from the East for the beginning of the
Hue in Kern County.
The. Ortega ranch, in Santa Barbara
County, has been bonded by C. W. Ayera
for a company that will prospect the
ranch for oil.
Significant Slrikea Give Prom
,{:i % ; iso of Extensive 6 l\ ",•
Sandn.
Pathway of Standard Oil
Company to Bay Is
Mapped.
RIGHTS OF WAY
ARE ALL SECURE
!Jnhn I lull mi iiml < 'in iiiln Mori In, who
hi. mm wltneaara for Ilia hum by •¦••n
rtiiliitf their i-iunnllfltv In «h« lynnhlntf,
ihvbIutii ofiiit jiwtty frnm hirft ppiiillfitf
iirihir prrKJBPiilnga In iho r H a«, puM
niinB|d«refl n rtnnti«iniii fur them |m rel
iijhIii Jirre unpniiimlaij NnaMiij Mi««in I" «
|i|hi:« wlurnJiiair nRr^Mfiu} unfaiy will hn
Th«»# men were not Indicted by (ho
Ornnd Jury «n<1 w«re arreaied on January
10 on n warrant lneu«d by .MxIki lliinliui
tuii. Tl'i-y littvr. not In mi in i'iihIimI ,i rn«.
liinliii.ii' iM.mlniiilnii nn<t the ilefrnia will
nViiiblleaa tuke thn caaa to Hid Miiprfinm
Oniirl nt oiipo. , fnn
ALTtTIlAB, March 1,-Chariea N. Poat,
rpprfurntiiiK fhft Attorney aiMieral'a oflicn
In the iiri.jo-rutiun of tho Ixiokout lynrli
era, will |r<av« to-morrow for Rncramnnto
and Bun Kranclneo for a ahort mat bflfnro
Uklnr up tho preliminary nxnmlnntluna
of th« Hint men now htld in cuatody hern
on th« complaint of Mary I^orona. daugh
ter of Calvin Hail, onn.of tho vlctlnm of
Hi" lynrh«ra.
Tin. men awaiting examination mis 10,
fl. TrowhrlilBB, Orrln TrowlirldB*. Fred
Ki>liiiith, Hurry Unh*rta, i'ImikIk Mnrcuti,
Illchard hichnla, Joupph Ivoynnton und J.
It. Myera. '
Two Alturas 'Witnesses
Are Sent to Place 'v
of Safety/"
FEAR VENGEANCE
OF MODOC MEN
Exploilon Costs His Life.
H12N0. March 1.— Paul Connelly, an «m^
plo>'e of the %\>d<*klnd mln». was killed
to-day by an fxplonlon of dynamite, which
h« w»» tha win* out for u»o In th« mln«.
adviniilili- nt 'thl« tlmn to dlvu»gt* thHr
n>»tlnatlon.
Knddtne Thugs Sentenced.
REDDING. Mnrc!h l.-C. K. McCnndllm
nml John, Montague worn this nwntnw
rontencfd to trn ycurfl' Imprisonment
finch for robbery. Tln>y h.ent find robbml
n minor whom thrty found drunk on tlin .
utrpetn nt h into hour onn night/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,- MAKCH 2, 1902.
20
SENT FReTtO MEN!
A Moat Romnpkr\bb Remedy Thvt
lUstcr.'S Lost Vlifor
tO Moil. ,
A Freo Trln.1 Packa-i Sontby Mtili
Alt Who Write.
Fret trial packages of a moat remark-
able r*m«dy »r« balntr m*'!*"! to all who
will wrlttf to tho Htnta Medical Initltute.
?'htv curod 10 mnuy m«n who h«d bntttad
or yturH nsnlniit tho mental and phyNlcnl
fnilti'irliic of tcmt mnnhnod thnt t ho luxf I-
into h.iii .Ircl.lr.l to rilntrlbiit* fi-.«. trial
pnrliiiK'-w to nil who writ". It In a hotno
livtitmriit, «n«1 nil men who «uff»r from
ntiy form nt spxiinl w«»«kn««» remultlnir
from youthful fully, prpmatur* Ioh of
•tronath mul memorv, w«»*k bnck, vartoo*
pc\* or cmnrlutMM of iinrta can now our*
trt« miolven nt homa. '
'llm remedy rm* i\ r e " l «n«rly crnt«ful
<«rriTt of warmth nnrt miomw to not «llr«#et
to th« dMlrod locution. «lvtnf gtrenHth
nnd ilevi'lnpmeju Ju»t whuro It H necderi.
II curn nil tn« INiand troublen thit
come from yuan of mlmmn of th« naturnl
funi'ttonn arKl him b«on an abaotuta mc<
crn In nil ••.<«•>". A rdriuent to tha Hmin
,vi.,ii.m| Iimtttiitt, S2» inicktmn butiiitntf,
Kort.Wnyn*, Ind,, «tatlnf that you ii«nii-«
•in«' of tMftrt* trial pttflkagai, will h<i
tiompllcd with promptly. Th*. Inatltuti la
tifHlrotia nf reach nr that srtnt elaaa of
mult 'Who art imnhla to leava Knm» to h«
li.'.ilr.l, tun! Urn fi-ktn aamplea: will un.tlil-
wit hi i" *<" how eiiay It Im In h,i mir«d fit
h\uh\ WBHluinaa whfn »h« proper r«m««
• I t« * tun Binp|..>f.1. Tim liuilmtu m.il.r.1
iiw nisiii.'i ituiit. Any r.iHii who writaa will
ltd jMtlll 4 f/<*« 'amp a, •:arofully wh. l.ul In
n iilaln p«nfc«KB, an thai |U r«"ip(sni n»«ti
lirf v»» 1\6 f««F nf •mlmrrHaamaflt op piili?
I = ' ..-.. = ....- ' . ' ' ' ' ¦¦'= i
E wo hav« planned thia mammoth Marvelous Redactions in Ladies' Suits. Jackets, Cloth anJ Silk Skirts, Muslin Underwear, Petticoats, Silk anil our advice u to come tie™ ean y . 2.
S^ i .-.I.' with prfiit care, with our main - ' ¦ ' "* ,' : '- You chii choose much eaBler, healdea
| S^t^^^reh^l Cotton Waists, Corsets, Eiderdown Robes Eacques, Etc, / l fl n S^^™ ne betUr and |
E LINING SALE Wo win inautjuroto, beftlnnlnA TO-MORROW/ (for» two wook« only), TIIR MOST IM- Eiderdown Sacqueo g,
C= r I»OUTANT HAMi IIiIh city hart linown In ninny yc»ii'rt 'I'liu ritplil mniin-i* In which Hilrt Htoi-e linn OpoBnoh,. £3
•5^ MOMnAV drown mekca mopo selling hpboo, nbaolutely cwcuifni. Wo two thopofono planning to ..double oup our-»i PreBBina bbooum. 'in ah* — «i
t^ r " U[Vl^lL Melllna nron by adding to QUPHtoro Tllri HNTIUH I'l.tioil OP » Ilk, I!UIIJ>JN(J fop tho din- woui &i4«rrtn W n Piannai ' m .-,1
fc ¦ i — — pi«y ?tnd hhIo of laADiI.* 1 IUUDY-T0-WHAR 0AI?MI?NT« The now fldiUtlon when completed will oniyi wwm mi« prie«,.mm wen ~*
JE sew m4i oomth ihlrt wmnir, filve u« Ion potnll pupponc« the 0RANOD6T AND lUitfT IJOHTHD 1 AM) CI.V-AK DUl'ARTMBiST Other t^nociu on 3
E .„ of nny boiiho on tho l>nclflo Cohhi. An entire ni w etoeU In now bolnA ftfithorod oup utaif oi buy- ,Jt ~~^ — I ,
Cr: Kir Vor<Jl OVH ln iUo l - n "* t '°»* iUo «M»onlni5 «»f tho uuw fl0OP, tuui hcfoi'o el»nn»i«)« Ciin hu c^ii« ( «la«l to complot Ion oraotlv ? arluaod £%
tZT IV^ PRBHBNT 8T0CK6 must bo <ll«po«cd of pofioiMlle«» of oplfilnnl oo*t op vnlue. This will be TUB N SnSilit. imt rSduetiinii
fg Rttultf vaiu. We. % M08T IMPORTANT AND ALTOG^fllBtt Tlft GRUATIS6T MONHV-^AVING liVlilNT In oup ontlpe hl«- Ktib fSiieSiH -ISfff.!???? l^igo
E rA.^'\ B£Ki?-.iS4"«!UW.r. tory thnt no ppudent buyep should mi.H, Iop the itdv fl ntfliie>i to npe MANY and HX rBAQRPINARV, JS ft^^ 3
% {.^k tR 'A^&^ti y^l I HALtJDOE«NOt'eQMMtJNCBUN..LOr^UC'K. HX VHA NA-.B^HOpU |> eC »AI. ttBLIVBitIB .. | | AM/**™^' """"^
fr»T f\ t* I f\ tt • , ,,„ >'. "-i'yt f—'in ¦¦— mmmmm » f* l' I II I ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ JTfm
fe xoncdtinndl NifprinnrQ > if i • a k -" hrPPiP^i Ufl ! ii pq
g OCllbailUlldl UIIONH&o AG^ WB^fl^mSX^^Bm uioqipoi f,fljupo- , g
C= It seems almost useless to say that these surpris- IAot\a ' This will be a record-breaking sale, and you =3
fc injjly low prii.es will create immense enthusiasm. " IQU0 . ¦ m^^^^sMlffM^^^^^^^^ii^isif Bq l»-| know wl i at phenomenal bargains we have given
tZ Be sure and come early. GaNHOnlS. t=====am^Z^^'^^^M^ *> •iiW^^^ i WJOUm o3 fii you in the past. . .. .
£ 54.50 WAISTS, FOR $6.00 SILK WAISTS Most of 3 Q (MiflWlilll SlfllllilW^ * $5.50 SILK PEITIC0A1S r 20 00 PETTICOATS FOR 3
IE $193 hacb. for $3,95 Each. ii£™ t , onIy 'li3fP|S^lSl^MSI|^^ S k o'r $3,95 Each. $8 50 Each. 2
I Broken!^ of Taffeta These were expressed g£^ TijBBi^^^^6ftW wiS^ccoldton^Sd 1 3
Waists, some of the best to us by our New \ork from the J W JfiSlin fB i I raffmilHiEBiit 1 BiliH'MlSBlii B^ ' every de- flounce,' broken assort- entirely new, exquisite- ;-
g- colors are included. buyer to be offered for makers— \ \\^^^WMiWMM^^^mMW^M^^-. fill partment ment 'o n sale .... ly trimmed with Lace. ZZ
ZZ were sold as hiph as f hi ? s , ale - J E^' color co « n P ris - fail stVrc. 6 ' .>¦¦• -f 3.0.">. each magnificent' skirts, ac- 3
*— - c; ni cur uuictc ca nn ..4 en nn — maae 01 — 1 I — 1 .^ss out w? arp . , , „ M v PF1 flLftATS F(IU —m
•7^ MLK IiAIMj Jill.OU Jlllfl JIZ.'JB the choic- V '^B»^SSSl2Ll5^t*^t-?if/^&tuJdt^\^ZZj^ 9 ''l i^faKsa determined ¦¦ 'f i " t)V iLlllvUAU IUA
£ for $2.89 fach. WAISTS 55 93 Each. g-g- p>?« $l - 58 Each - |
£ A jfreat assortment, in Highest Novelty iSf^^^liBlM®!^^^ 1 SI ' SVhfre- pffited"' "ounce. with Made of Black Mer- =3
j^ black and colors. Waists, in Crepe de s t y l cs =^^&5^ r^i J SJ^P^f l ?l ? i^?tHl — — ¦ tremend 5 - 86 two rows of niching, cerized Italian Cloth, =3
•5; the leading styles ot Chine, Peau de Soie and Every' ' " ' J^^^g^ip^JSfa*- — w^ft^Kl^^^^ — ' ous rertuc- extra silk underflounce. vv j t i, two ruffles, daintily
s>.~ TalTeta Silk, were S-i.oo. Taffeta. Persian em- -.. rm . nt 0-4' "'5 iSlSSra^^Sf Ik tlons. Read all colors and Black, t,__, ct ; t -u A/ i Hi
S^ To close, your choice, broidered, were $10.00 has to be -. .¦¦ v^J^sms^S^S^^^ 1^^^ every Item ma de of grand wearing nerasmenea, e x t r a
fc: greatest bargains and $12.00. Sale price sacrificed fulty Taffeta. Sale price.... width, grand value. On
ZZ : each .....;...:.. frg-05 each , sacrinced - 1 . .^^^ff^^gSe^^S^^^^ 1^ ; fu>ly - ....:....... yq.Qg each sale »1. 50. each
g ALL-ECLIPSINC VALUES IJ>fwO MEN'S SUITS, SKIRTS, PETTICOATS, SILK AND FLANNEL WAISTS. 3
SH Tou never saw such bargra.ln wonders as this Btore will have for you — be«;lnnlnsr to-morrow — In neady-to-Wear Garments. They outrank and undersell anything «*er known • ln this city. Bright. ¦ new, attracltve — -•
g-; garments. To be sacrinced Just when you need them the most. Following offers are fair examples. of many more that are here: _ % r3S
& I $4.00 Golf Skirts for $1.95 Each. $12.50 Silk Dre:s Skirts $6.95 Each. I [$15.00 7al!or-Made Suit. $6.95 Pach |$2.00 and $1.50 fhnnel Waists 93c . II.-2S Gowns for 89 \ Certs Earh.j i
$f =====^ . i ' ============== • ======= e<)o
g— Ladles' nalny Day Skirts of all-wool A- sreat variety ot Indies' Dreas Skirts ladles' Suits, made of all-wool Vicuna Our entire line of Flannel Walstn to A grand variety of Muslin Gown*. ZZSL
s*— Oxford Gray and Black material; Hounce of durable Taffeta, trimmed with Kuch- Cloth. Eton Jacket style, sllk-lineu be closed out at once. These sold right pretty yoke effect"; tucked, " hemstitched
•»— nicely Btltched and cordea; great va4ue at Lofd aR'wKhasllZfto'eale price .' . " Jacket and vclvct-trlmmed; grand value along^ for *1. 50 and 82.00. "Expansion" and lace-trlmmed; gocnl value at \fl.25;
fc $4.00. ExpanMon sale price... 91.05 e*. '...'. if«i.».'. <-a. at $15.00; sale price ..yO.lt'S wult | price, your choice ....05«' ea. sale price.; ....-, ..80c ea. -jj
g [S5.00 Golf Sklrs for $2.95 EaciT $17.50 ani $20 Skirts W$IQ.5O Each $20.00 Suits for $10.75 fai7 $4 and $5 Flannel Waists $2.25 EacT] I $-.75- Musi n ?klrts for $1.25 FadO 3
S^ Qolf Eklrte. made of Gray and navy A grand lino of Tccu-de-Bole and Taf- A handsome line of Tailor Suits, made You nev»«r saw nuch valuos; our loss Is Splendid assortment of Skirts, with
?jT" all-wool material, with full flouno* and feta Dress Sklrtt; some are appllqued. of all-wool Cheviot, In Brown, Navv and • great, but we prefer to take It rather deep flounce and finished with four row§ —
SZ rows of stitching-; elegant value at tucked all over and trimmed: sold for Black. Eton style; trimmed with Moire than carry thorn over; grand walcts; of tucking, hemstitching and edging;
¦»— $.VO0. Bale price f2JtS ea. $17.60 and $20.00: sale price. .910.50 ea. Velour: a wonder at glO.7f> suit were $4.00 and «5~.00j now. f2.U5 ea. Breat leader at fl.2> ea.
£ I $5.50 Dress Skirts for $2.98 Each. $25,00 iress Skits $15,75 Each, ||$22.50 a d $25 Suits for $16,50 !acT |$5.bO and $6 Wais s for $2.9i t-ach."] |$l,50 and $'A00 Corsets at 9jc Pair." =3
•— Ladles' Drevs Skirts, made of all-wool High grade £klrts of the finest finish, i Broken lines of Novelty Suits, hand- Highest Novelty Flannel Waists, ap- Some of the best makes of Corsets are m
5^ Gray and Black Cheviot, the new spring made of Peau-de-Sole and Taffeta, with some Eton and Blouse effects; beautiful- pllqued. hemstitched and Norfolk ntvl«»- Included ln this .lot" they are broken In
«— ntyle. with full graduated flaring- flounce, all-over net; dainty tucking- and Panne ly tailored and trimmed; ln colors of pimuro, jwmimcnw ana isoriolK style. inciuaea in uhsmoi. iney are oroKen in. -— •
fc and trimmed with Moire- Bands and Bilk ruffles; worth 525.00; ealf price. Brown, Navy. Gray und Black; were the grnndest waists we, carry; were »5.B0 stzrs: corsets , that ; sold for $1.60. I1..75
S_ Cording; a bargain at U2.08 ea. $15.75 ea. |25.00; Bale price ».,..l|ll«.5O. ea. and <0.00; gale price y^.DB ea. and gale price „, . .Oic ea. -^
5= "" ~ ' — :
5 1 $8.50 Dress Skirts for $4.45 Each, $10.00 Poi Coats for $5.50 Each. • Raglans and Newmarkets. -.¦ $5.00 Bath Robes Tor. $2.95 lach. SI.OQ Corsets for 55 Cents a Pair.
===^=^=r ===^=: a; — ~* " I ======================= zs,
-, 13eautlful new etyles in Dress Fkirta, Tha entire Mock to be closed out; they , ' Made of Kngllsh Melton, In, Tan, Gray Made of the best nll-wopl Eiderdown .tXhe best fl 00 grade of Corsets -In the ~^"
£ bSK '^SS'Utes^^SSSS 9SS mT^*&t Q $li£?JS&C. "* m **' three-quarter and lull length, F.a^ne!, In the best .hades with woo, . M lng Bnflpea , a goM aMortment t0 =3
2= hanging Eklits; actually worth IS.60; eale fitting garments; "Kxpaneion" Price. elegant coats; perfectly tailored; were girdles, and Batln-hound Bailor Collars; Be ]ect from; were *l,0o; sale price, to — 2
*-- |,ri™s $4.45 ea. , (p.VftO «a. |18Brt and $20.00; eale price. .«|S11 .no ea. were f5.00; to close tf'J.un en. clo *.,».," B o ea. =»
& ' — ' ~ . - 1 ¦ J — " • -~ ' '
6 CXOUISIR: NtW SIU FtULARDS ON MU" 10-MOKROW. 2500 YAKUS NI.W $1.00 CRtHt;UE .LMINEV.i^/Mh^Ka. •
EThe most beautiful Bilk and flatln Liberty Poulards will he ejhlblttd; hera to-morrow', Th« richest An entire new Una of the hest |t,00 quality goes pn pale to^merrow morning, No.Qi;* Vr» lirl
and rhfjireei vsilHy of dieilnctlvely new dtslmievtr brought to ihls Coait, The P»U«rns and combinations fabric fur »n evening town la more popular than Crepe de Chine, which we will OOU I dill 5*
fc; of coloring* pre»eniire|y different from U«t aea^on'd prodi4ct|on»i deeldedly more he»utlfij| and ertiatln, On ehnw In a charming variety «f thlaaprlng'a pswest eolorlngi aa follows! h\aM niu«, "" v ~. * *•• ** .—
C- hair, et ,..,,, ,,.,,,., .......,.,.....,,,850, tft.OO to #J.BO yard PlnK, Hose, J^veniler, M»l«ei Tan, Gobelin, noya), Or)wn, WliHa and Mack,: Qn ppeula.1 aala to^merFow,,,,, a,
gS 'i ' ' ¦ » ¦ » ¦¦ SBwywrdj
B 3000 YARO^ 10c MADRAS GINGHAM MONDAY I "OPi N NCi SALE 0^ NKW HL CK AND COLORf.U URh.S.S GOOD\ 3
E 7 ! .. a A Phenemen*! W«h QeMi Uw\n for Manda-y, ThU ,"*»Mn'ii neweif ftylw «f g%\ V«*ia1 ' Hvervthlng <n«t fnnhlon demsndp ln WO0L Fabrlci for atyiuh sfirlner iowpb w|ll he 'found h?re lfl^mir» S3'
H M«4r«s utnehams In jh* new ealenngii in strli** an<l eheehii light hlut, Pink, irern, XJAXj Y cl I Cl rnff < U\»Um\gH airy «ffeeti lm.'« Ui# Ips<1, ami theae hi-« shawn h Uip §nft, elin*lni QnRl'Hi «n4 ' "^
- lr.1,.,1 L.n.i. «h.l m.Hr, M>l|p|.lc,l r«l:| ii.Ilip Mi.1 ( <1«V i ,.....,...,,. V<J.V» * til VI FAMINES, wmm*mmmmmmmmmmmmm—mmm—mm—mmmmmmmm—mm " " H MM
2 9,1r nRA^K I IMf'N MONDAY On YARI1 An<Mh»f •vtranMlnary f>ff*n i.VM> yaHs ffnii quality arsn* t.XfRA SPECIAI.— ALL- WOOL CRc.PK D PAtfIS $!.()(> YARf). , xSX
= :?."*" "S 1 ' >""""¦» a c .i,""r; ,'t, , :t:. :!¦:::¦ .r. ,t»:i fan. . /:!?:::?, .?. m I «.r. «t, la a flgtfta imiaa'Sfoa jssar &£%*•.. to-. , .is* . | 3
| GKE4T OFFERING ¦ " IMMENSE SALE OF A CRAND CLOVE SALE. 3
E BLACK VELVtr RIBBONS. WHTfTF nRRANriTFR MONDAV VlSn^! KyVi.s.a'QRn g
| IVa tav. |.la I win ten buw *y It-mar. Wlll'lli Ul\UAlNLIl£lO 1HU1N UA I . \\ /JKUll « J-.-'i,".; ;« flail. =
-: tnw in our tibl)nn dppoMmein— ofTrring a bi« We bought ft lot of ovef goo plpce* VVItlt« QfBftiidlei frcm nn Imnnrier In firder fo give *" Sfc JRfi eh ihi^uiffi
fcliipiiirur of the fiiirni grade Vflvct Ribbon, you the Brcalot vaiurn you ever »nw, Kvnrv niece U abiolutely perfeci-*the saftent hih! ¦ I I i Mim« pVin . beinij '•^"'» 23
,fc ftatin back, at special pricrs, m follows s alicrreat qujlily, mtitittfacturcd expressly (or the best t f tMil trnde. to bo Bold for nt least JJ •*•*"• ',?*'* , f •"" "'?''• .°? • •<«• S3
te K Ol ,-40.« fl pkee, rrgulnr value 55e. ONfrTHlRD \m than rcmtlar nrlrei. ' fl -^ RRft & l Sfi$t a Tj feuniffi 1 iw3 -
E— No. a-OMc a yard, or 00c a piece, At He yard— White Oranndlci, to Inches wide, regular vnlue 20c. v / 'iKlMTCr.^ "2
No. 3-1 J e a yard, or Jl.OR « piece. , At U4« yurd-Wliltc Oraandifs, 4a inches wide, regular value m • III/ •' l rn,5. v# it, p 'n 3
fc: No. 4— »-<? a yard, or I' J.1 0 n piece. At Sil»« yard— White OrffnmJIcn, 68 incnei* wide, rcgulnr value 40c. Will "T l »" rtln " ef - > !°" i""'* in mi miaaj
No. s— *4o » yard, or IH-ftn « piece. At 4H«« yard— White OrRandlc*. 68 inches wide, regular value 6oc. \lu Sni""«t y h |t ' 2B "NniTpiTr
No - 7— 18l> « yard, or fl.Tff a plc.ee, At <H>c yard—White Orgnndicy, 68 inchca wide, regular value 85c __J' Bvgry r'i'i'r' 'nt't'rt ' H i'iV oimriinnni; 3
E INVO REMARKABLt OFFERS IN BLACK uounthv nohWB h.ckivb phompt attention llinfucb DIR I APE CU'CMT 3
E IAI I Kl A Sit K MONDAY. jf&^ffi M~*& C //?V A DlU LrtUL lVlIiIi
s th.^;;;rr^,r^pM°^ i^rnV8^ASVh?.Wn t Vo n u i m Simoom m?,^m4)W ffinfflQi 20 ° and llic PolIlt d8 Parls nnd Norman[li9 Val - Iaces -
E Sy b |:« )1iiir ' A lurkj - i)iirdinp " m6ltei theM vrry linv iiric - Wr pur f h8 , led r very 8mal1 liiri< " a lar^ h^ orter h^ '» s
97 IfJPM TAPFPTA /^^^ YH ArtiiQl Ualm «> If! mAMfflioM'& 'W /?*&*& *r J stoek, nnd closed out for nl.mit one-half the rectu- .f\ =T
ST. Z/-lMUn lArrtlA C3*5C TO. /»PIU8I Vaiin Jbl.MI, t^S^^r^W^^^y 1^ *? -J hr setting nricei, Handsome effects in' ¦Nornwn-'U/P 13
w» yard! «jxtra heavy brilliant black Taffeta. 27 lnehM wldw ws^'^^gftt^-^ die. Valenciennes, and Point. He Paris edcin«s nnd C/'U
S^ 1 ni' "uiniiTirrrTi"'^ "^i ' \Y 'j »" " i"iw"i n" s «'3S^T^f«-*n 7W -_ lv __ i^ _ _ It - r prrT*THi^ insertion to match, from 2 to 5 inches wide, in ex- r>wtn :rj
fc 21-INCH TAFFETA 69c Yard, Actual V lui 9 10. ;^^S^^ " tliMt " |lfltlerni ' Mlit:illlp fiir ami D reM Trim-
TOO >ard§ luitroui flwUs Taffflta, flegant black nnl«h, ¦ bar. > *'* A **ufi*^^LEik^^**^ a^^ minKS— lacrs that arc well worth 15c nnd jnc-- Monday
• NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FUN AND MONEY
IN HYPNOTISM,
YOU HAY BECOME A HYPNOTIST.
Ten. Thousand Cobles of a Wonder-
ful Book on Hypnotism to Be
Givan Away.
It takes but a few hours' time. The study
Is both easy and fascinating. Hypnotism Is
an endless source of fun and wonder. If you
know bow to hypnotize you can perform the
most marvelous feats Imaginable. Tou can do
a thousand amazln* things that other peopla
cannot do. Tou can surprise all your friends
and make yourself famous. Tou can plac«
any one you wish under thla strange and maglo
spell. Tou can compel them to think, act and
feel Justus you wish. If -you want to MAKE
MONET you can do lt by flvlnj entertain-
ments, curlnsr diseases or teaching the art to
others. These are three «ure and easy ways
to win a fortune. "Why be poor? Why work
for others when, you can master this money-
maklng profession so easily? Investigate
NOW. Tou can learn at home without cost.
I will send you my BIG FPwEB BOOK for tho
askfnj. It tells all about Hypnotism. It Is th«
most elaborate and valuable work of the kind
ever published. It, contains hundreds of beauti-
ful pictures and explains all the mysteries and
secrets of the art. Anybody can learn from It
all about the Hypnotic Spell, how tt Is oper-
ated, how lt sways the will of Its subjects,
heals the sick, reforms the degraded, wins un-
dying love. helDS to trade or position, amuses
an audience for profit and gains for th« opera-
tor himself health, wealth and happiness. It
also treats fully on Personal Magnetism. Mag-
netic Heallnx and kindred subjects, and how
to CURE TOURSELF of any pain, ache or
dlsense. Remember, thla book Is ABSOLUTE-
LY FREE. Simply write for It and lt will b«
sent by next mall, all charges paid. Don't
send any money, not : even a stamp, but send
¦ your Dime and address TO-T>AY. Addr#s»
PROF. L. A. HARRADEN, t>EPT. H. JACK-
SON. MICH.
I It Is a Shame for Any Case of !«!
PILES |
) • TO BE CUT, j||
IJ 1 When over 1OOO persona, tn this city J'! 1
<;<; and State, will verify that during the , ¦,
;>|i past flv% years they hav» been perma- iji
!'<! nently cured, without anesthetics or \'<\
>\< surgery. Few were In bed while un- >\<
I 1 ? der treatment. Only two failures; ]<!
i'i these were cancer. This is no salv* <!<>
!'<! proposition; earn case must be treated ',','
, ;< at the office. The worst caa«a wanted. <>
Jiji Names of 75 prominent business men '¦?
,'i\ sent as references. For further partlcu- ','1
<S lars address RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. '>
j 1 ,' box 2G73, Call office. San Francisco. '.2
Missouri Pacific. Limited.
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St. Louis,
P«r»nnally conducted •icurstana rt» thu
rout* tQ Cnteafo, Now York, Boston *n.t «n
tiUitarn petf»t«. Wop bdrth roaervdiion *nj fuU
Infurnialluii a44r«s«
1. M. FT.BTCnB«.
t'd.'trtrt f«ail AS«fU,
ISO fallfomU *t., Ban yrancMw, Cat,
Save Pain— UNTIL MARCH 10-Savi Money
A$t?**K <(iO i\f% PULL ABT
CD4«UU0l< Tintl'll
\fOl"^Y! p *' n|i8i R«»*«tlen rnren
Y*' #1 J*"mii flm flf TMth..,.,,,., I3.no
\ v *Kmf rtatd Crnwna, BSlt ,.|a.w»
j/^jhT^K' t**M**'*t>t\t, Pit !"nth |J no
(rfV^rT^ ri|h ' 01 ' rillln * 1 mkb
fo%X*C.*y Oold ruling ,,......,. tbh up
Hostou Ocnt.nl College.
TOT MARKHT H r. '
p, m. »ONf>AYW, 9 tn j, Wrnnrj noor.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S orkat
\ MUSEUM OF AHATOMY
i Q) i:jui«n;j.».i.wi».c.r.eii
m _v*-J >-_ Unrl.l VV«^Iiii«4t«« .¦# 4ny CnfltrtCtfif
0 /titil »P«S"»Jl»»Hi«C0«tt 11,1 i*y.»,,
d flHS^rt On- J0BDAH-DI36A3S3 OF MEM
J I Ti /M TtMittiKMi ptrinnally nt by !»tnr A
f I flr nH *"•»•""¦« 'W« in »«.r T r«,,,, n rf. „,!,„_
a f II ltr nrniii, rnn,anopnv««
T * U I * W»H»M«r., MAILRD rilll. fA
A II II ••'"*' ! " l *"' lt '"' ">•¦<> )
r nil. JHI1D4M A«o. tost Mi%rk»tMi. m r
<1 -Ttt> -^ -t* -^ -~n -ifc -» -t> -s^ i^'qj.
111 ' * ¦
Your Fortune Told Free. !
RY THF 7(iniAr A »t'°'°«y r«v««u , M r •
DI lllU Z.U1IIAL |tf*. w. will send you
a IIoroiroc<» It«a4tnc of your Ufa, and a
most inttrestlna; Uook on Astrology, If you ,
itnU th* data of yottr birth and a itamp (or
trtturn pottacs. Our r*adlnas h*v« tx\*A» '
Aoi-opln happy and full nf hops and auocaia.
,Atl.lr.iB MAflA/.INK OC M YH IKKli:^. U
1 North William 8J., N. T. City.
' » «' »
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bittersj
I lor an.i N«rvlnt.
Tim most won<J»rful aphrodlslao «nd RmcUI
Tonto for tht 8*xuaI OraAn*. for both sox«*
Th» M< \1 ¦ in llnio.lv fur t >l"» il »o« ,,f | na k.ij.
n«ys snil nUrtrtor. k»1I» «n ll« owu mcrtta.
NAntcit. At.™ * nttUNR. A«i.nts.
_ 82.1 Mil rk»t «.. H. V-~-<*™* for Circular*!
fid wono woo,
Cy CHINESE TEA AND HERB
U"» / *ANITAIIIUM,
JfeRk- m '66 Clay St., S. P.. Cal.
*ft$im' m*v A lt - t>i»KAs)ie»ci;nKD
*#>t'..i*.'J2'» r\ r, ( Imlv.ly by Chilian
tiarli*. nv«r 3000 »»rl«Uaa lioiuu usatt. Hour*
a: an u> tt a. m.. t lo » on.l 7 in t p. ni.
UllUWtiMW hourss, bllUrd t«hta«,
br«««rs, bfl<ifchln<1«rs, e«nrty»m«l«ars. eaitnara,
dyars. Itourfnllla, roundrtas. Uundrtas. p«n«r.
li.iuuai 1 '. prlnlara. palntsri, «n. • Uei.ulaa.
«l iMaiurn. l.ir pinfri... 1 iMh<-r». UllOn, *tO.
UUCll^,i,».. 11HO4,, ,
Ormh Man»fjcmr<rs. qia HtCMmanX* «t
NliW Wfi«Ti;RN IIOTI'.L,
KI1AMNV AND WAHU1NC.TON BT8.~nB-
liiu,l<:|r,| Hint I VII I. .11 .Ml M.ij, U,UI|l A
(II lllil.ll.l .III |lU||. II. • DM. in, l,| |t i.H ,1 | y .
IX in n Wft»i f« i . »j.i hi.. .uli but b«tlU,
Imt ami i:nl>t vvalar «v.iy niuiu; Hta «r*t«« In
sv*ry i turn; alavatnf run* nil nUhi.
w««uiy Cnii.iiu.oo porYeafJ
HKMsAstflBSHB^iaai^SBnHSHfXuu^ j . , ' . '
Y Get-
si k
made to order in /j. >An/ \
our taiiorinii de« / Q, \
partment. . There fj Ht lr\
1% n kind of com« [fir •. \ v/V
. fort in our tuiti l' f; l/ ; Up V I
lhot is ,a nart of I if", ''.'/Ti IweJ
thrir individuniity. \m I fj/\ *W
There ii the proper Sm /;/][,'«¦ \
look, the riRlit mi« T •'It/,' \
tcrlnl, the he«t ['/{ "
we»rina nuaiity, Vi/ * f
and you may get I'll I
one for 17/ ' J
$1 a Week, f |
and wear it while JfA
|iayjn« for it. w *%k
BE Slllll: OP OUR NAM I; AND
l2ttKI5i3.Sl.AU»v.'(v*rfi
I Cojne to iis forion HtMta Hoxtntni for tha iniana, 01 it
iirt't ti^oh agreed aman? the intareateii
I't'rxiiis to takd tha cam |t> flftcrrtineiitu
county, where the §rlelnal eommltmenl
wufi made.
»irt.-k ..r the present preeeedinss la an
tnt^r^Nttnai stnry. At the last eTty eNo*
tlon In Hrtprampntrt Kent wa* plontsd a
City TrtiRiPf, but recently nebPCAm* Im
fifiup and w«s committed to the I. mil
asylum. Mnynr Qnorge CUrk held th«
fifTtrn tn Im vni'ont and apprilntml .fohn
\V. Crone to aucneed K«nt, Thn brnth«ra
of Kent objected to tho i\tnyor'a act ami
the limird uf TrusteeH rntufled to recog
nise Crone odlclally, becnuso of a defect
in the original commitment.
All of the persons Interested, Including
Kent, were before Judge Jonea to-day.
On the case being called, the order dla
inlafllnK It wan made at once at the r<s
auest of the principals.
IiAlMAiOi: IN ]'1IILAI)KM*]IIA
Thtueandi of Dollars Aro Loit as Xl«
¦ult vf Uir Flood.
nttLAtft£L.ri!IA. Mulch l.—What Is
»;filrt to httVr- IjfPli thp Krrntept flood thflt
ht.p ever brrn rxprrlrncni iiI>.hk tho
B(hu>'lklll nivfr, certainly Hip most din
m.lrnui» In recent >rar«, tnri» Its w«y
down that ftrnim ItSt night find ratty
tlilf mornltifi, und from It* nourcr to Ita
tnouth — 120 nil). « .iriiiinKn thnt will him li
Into hundrrda of thounanda of . dollars
has !•' ¦ I. .:¦!¦> It was an ntulous night
for thp rralilf-ntii nnd proppfty owners
along Hi- river. Thusi far only one life
haa been lust In thl* city. Ml. Inn I lc"l.
used 44 years, wan drowned at 7:30 this
morning ln the kitchen of his home at
I'ltlls o? Bchuylklll.
The height of the flood was reached
at % o'clurk this morning, whrn tho river,
which ha,d rxpandrd to twice Its width,
I.. |- .. 1. to slowly )'¦. < .I. . Communication
by, tclfgrajjli Mtid trlrphone with tha up
pi-r pnrt. of the river early to-day was
nit ntr, and Information as to the condi
tions In towns sltuuted on the river banks
' Wf 4 li.. ..|-t I .
i 1 .. . ¦;¦ mi.u.- damnee has been done
along the courne of the river tn this rlty.
Tlie water 1 urn,- within a few ¦ feet of
the lower cirdera of (he city bridges and
?wer.il hark from the wharf'llnes for
three blocks In some placf-*, surroudlng
nuiiiing houtiis, lami rnanufacturlnij
plants, Inundating railroad tracks anil
, ...,i 1. ¦».' n. in !. rilaorder,
i-n.i,,.t.ij tha tii-.mti nufferer Is the
j:,.itiii..,ir nnd ortlo iinin.,n.i (.'ompnny,
u ii-rr trarHs run along tho eastern »>hore
at the river for a distance nf ahmit thr«o
ntlleu, This road nas flhandoned eervlea
over Me m.'iii lines .*,n Is pending Its
through trains via the Junction railroad,
wnleh run* atone u,>- w> m. m cimtr, <unt
nut of feftf'tt of the flood, its trains are
Mna #piiJ fr«^n HlMeentri'Blfeet station
1,, WpisI I'hlladrlplilft, The Cfifnpuny'g
waiting rooms In the main drpgt at
•rwptity'feurtrj ond ''ii^^intu Htt>t>tn w^f*
Under »l.lnr fcrt -,f wnlrl. f 1 1 0 I tl ItlP
train »h*>d th« wat«=r wan ah hl»h as tha
windows nf Hip f»ni=npfigr.r rtiHthnw,
J*lti:HNO, Marth 1.— A lieuvy rulnetorm
I* ! , ' i und tlnTi' Is every prospect ut
Its ¦ • • ¦ tin. ii," . during tin- entire nli-'hi.
'i ¦ ¦ i > • , mm' .iu.,1. dinlMH iliic wt-i u him
ii, ¦ i m,. i iiiiii. < lint •¦ im i .ib i.f the (armen.
but in ., rain will <lo m. hurm and will
In pi mjiilly wrlrtimi*d,
HANTA Mmrh l.-Wlth ft
• I., , ..• suuthctttU wind i.i.iwiiiK rain Ii
fi.i.n.i-- In this t'lty tu-ntKiit. Kimn all ap>
nrnrsnri-s a h^Rvy downpour' may ua
.. I;. ¦! fur. M..I. Ilinii fuur In. hr« uf
•rater h«s fttllm Hne*» t1i4* heginnlns or
thp stnrm af n wpcU HgQ rind the pud |a
not In i»lptit. Pram r»r»*Bpm indlcatlona
trip eomlng c^asm) In this county will be
ti.. lir-fct In )'.¦!«.
Him Miiiirtit" Itlver in iiiM.iiiitiB. gum»
bt-rakM i.. .%. ... . nti .1 tn tho lovees kqv«
rnl ¦¦'''<¦ below the city.
Mll.TON, March 1.— Haiti In fnitltiR litre
I., i,ii:iii and a henvy wind from tho
» ¦ -<.i '¦• ¦" t. ti.fi'tlKT with a r m I'i.lly fatlltitt
biirotiiiti'i', linlk nti» Hint iui,.tli« i Mi-vri..
*t..rtti niio' i.< • >|,.-< t..i. Tha around Is
''¦¦."¦ i !.;\ *atutnti'd nnd nil the rmrr
volr* tn><-<( for mining purimn-s aro fllltd,
WonnfMNn, MhitIi I^Th* wind «hla
tJVfiiintf WHS biiiwiiitf h sbIp in trip powntry
hlM'tii Knight? JjftiirtiiiM »nd ihn t^itUrp re*
gtun v ,.c i,. i., u n.,,.,1, .1 J| ic i.ij.1-. u,1
Ittit -i.- »•¦«.. (if k.,ili.*o I...... h*.!. will
• •¦¦ In >....•!. .1....L. , i-t.. r, ,,i t !,i ii.mp
I# ' "" fe ,...,-^(.1111! (hat „ ,,.,.11,.., ,,r ii
fiife* he <j^ik<>»-(I, Ttiera in Hiftit ftlai : m
111 V, ,,.,,U..|.,| ,,1,1,1,1 (I,,. ,„ ,|| tlM.I .Ml)
fixiilf •'- MiiiMlitn < n.. u ,.-.,ii..i^
Hio VJMi'A, flinuli j,-thP Ipvpp of Ilie
J-filiPM MlPttli't i^AVe tfl) tltJft iMMiniiic,
>" « HI lul k, Wllilll !l -^ tllP II"M.I|MM
or fi i I.....'.', m. t • -• mi, »¦ ..I, i h< this
l".il!lt |B UlR Illfilll-Ft IlllUttll plllfP t|!P H'»'.l
Mf iMJS. Jt if Hi til llfilMB. <»tlH'C dISlHt'li
In Uils Vloltiltr mip In tlHtifcii. tlie Ipvom
I'" IlllllU |'!'l|..|ll .1
BACJlAAJJ.N'JO. AIhm-Ii 1. Hflllrnml
Imtliu ««• diJHj.i! tn (!«»• oti tlin Uieguu
Itnn !¦» a i !• •',.. ,,i n. .mi) ii.hh this
itjoriiiiig, itmr f«mh« t'rna, 'Hie lut-'omu.
tlvo nf a ii. i.i.i- ¦'¦¦..I hhkIii train ran
ititu tin* «1IUi<, «itud( h iih« «tiiitftliji'tl In
the «lid« Hiid wmh Uiiulloil. No utiti was
l.UM,
t A piirttoii «f "<• i.iiii.'M.i in..- between
WoiMlluiid and JitilsthH J.MnilintJ. ut Cur*
tig Blatlun, 1« under water. About vm
mill of ii ... i: in w I.- h< ,i out Suit of Mar*
.'!¦•. , i mm, i County, nnd It will Uittg frv
< ml dfl)« to ern n tin- I'l'iiU n ftii the
hiii, i nutmlurs.
PpMal IXipmrh to Tha dl|
{iiini.jurijto River at Elo Vista
Jtu.i l.ri, the Highest Point Known
in Ythib, and X* BtiU
Hieing,
Eutiro Region Thereabouts Is
Rapidly Being Inun
dated.
High Wator Threatens
t ho Town oi Knights
Landing.
IN DANGER
FROM GALE
AND FLOOD
THIS BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAXICH ti, 1002.
BAN johio, March i.-rim Ban Joae
<imnun ui Us meeting to*day adopted n
resolution favoring the continuation' of
the California- Cured Prult AsHoclatlott,
with such amendments to its by-laws an
will miiko mure effective the wnrk of the
association.
HAN JO813, March 1,-Mayor Bohmlti of
San |ff«hiiif*i'i» will addreHH a labor meet*
ing in t tin Auditorium on Friday evanlng.
Mm fit 7. The «ieetlng ie to im held un«
d@r the ausiilees of the Building Traded
• '•Minrii and the l^demtid Tmd^, it la
proposed to. make it the larpat labor
gathering ever held here.
urange Favors the Combine.
Panning Welcome to Oohmltn.
STOCKTON, March 1.— Judge E. I.
Jones to-day dlnmlitsed the proceeding's
before him to have Robert Emmett Kent
of Bacramento recommitted to the Stock-
at the Bequeit of the Prin
cipals.
Stockton Judge Dl*mlgS60 the Action
KENT OAflU WILL UB
TH12D IN BA0HAMBNTO
a position to enter Into details- At the
game time the Beeretary ImHreetly eon*
finned the general eorreetneM of the
liaHeH of the eunferenee hm tiuttllHhed. and
dwelt en the neee.g*ity for Insuring r,»> u.
itifH fur (Int-tnmt exports of BtiEnr. Up
staid he believed tlmi the proposed agr««»
nifiit wntild unciire tlrnnnny a plnco til
tlin Wdl-ld's mni-knlH,
H1SADINO, Pa., March l.-Mrs. John
Kiln", nR/-<l 60 years, and hnr a-randson, a
boy of 12 years, were drowned to-day at
KorRodale, this county, In a rush of water
rcnultlng from the breaking of a dam.
The bridge spanning Mahoney Creek,
near Sprangcsville, collapsed to-day and
Walter Sharp, aged 12 years, who was
croiislng the structure at the time, was
drowned.
pta/ wnfl in nrogr4e§ the water waa fore*
Ih^ |tM way Into tlte bulldliitf and almost
retained ih«« feet af tli^ autilenee,
on tii» rtomii mi.i.. inopt of the tnitlN
h«vn shut down, tlm plants ht jnnen &
I,ntietillll nn.1 tlm I ln|.!il,ll.i H|r<..| l.'t.m.
pnny lining tfieJ only nuimiBlVo wm Us to
wieApe. l^em UomeHtfHii to Muttw
ioi-Ur llm PHlBlmiK Mini l,Hlm tfi In tracks
ntf» nnrlnr Witter hihI tlte I'luilnunil" 1 1 iu'Iib
are heing URed to get trnlns in and out of
the city.
Notwithstanding the fact that th« South
Bide In liifiiiiiy swamped, there In not n
drop of water avnllabla for homo piirpnpr<a
nor for fighting flra nnnuld it become lieu*
csfinry. Thu AfonotiKflbela Water Com
pany supplies thin section of tlm city and
this evening the Monongahela Itlver took
poRflPiiNlon of the company's plant, putting
out tlm fires under the boilers and forcing
a shutdown.'
The Duquesne Theater wns forced to
abandon Its performance to-night, the
water completely covering tho " parquet.
Although the Alvln wns surroundod by
water, a good sited audience reached the
house by means of wagons and nklffs and
tho performance proceeded. While the
No reliable estimate of the money dam
age done by the flood can be made at this
time, but It will be very heavy. Already
bo.uuo men have been made Idle by the
forced cloning down of mills, factories and
other industries. To-night Allegheny Is *
modern Venice, and every, sort of impro
vised water craft is in Jmrvlce. Every
street in the low-lying dlutrlct haa more
cr u-t.H water In it. In sumo p)acon it is
from two t«. four feet deep, forcing house
holders to abandon their homes or mova
In Him upper floors. '/
All of int. railroad tracks except those
of the I'liininitK. w.'HtiTii and Chicago nro
Miiuni'iK'-ii iiimi many factories havn beon
cloned down. Tha westnrn uenltentlary Is
In particularly bad shape. The water lias
ilnoiir.) the underground portion of the in*
Mthitii.ii, ruining much lino machinery, In
cluding thi* nlr rnnovatlntf and the plea
trie JiKlitliur plAnts. The building is now
without i>.-i,t mill tho only light in it is by
tundlPM and lamps. ¦
In J'lttniMUK proper, from the point to
Ninth Ptri-rt and as far back us Penn
Bvrnun, rvi't'vtiiiiiK is flooded. (Skiffs and
wagons nro bring utllltcd to got r«>sld«nts
to and from thrlr homes. Kew Plttsburg
er« have «-vrr neon th« water no dcrp on
thrnp ntrcets. The liotol Lincoln tins ten
feet of witter In Its basement, while the
Victoria andljoyer hotels are in almost
its bnd shapo. Water surrounds tho An
demon.
PITTBDURO, March 1.— At midnight the
flood had done tu worst. The Mononga
hela marks showed at that time 81.9, a
fall of nearly a foot since 8 p. m. The
Allegheny at Kcrrs Island registered 86.6,
a fall of .1 of a foot since 6 p. m. At
Imvln Island dam the Ohio stood almost
stationary at 80.1 feet. Late reports from
up-rlvcr points are to the effect that both
rivers are either falling or stationary.
Earlier In the evening It was almost a
/certainty that 33.3 feet, the mark made by
the big Hood of 1K84, would 'be exceeded.
Water Swirls Through
the Stroots of Al
legheny.
STORM CREATES
A NEW VENICE
CONFERENCE ON BU0AH
I NEARS ITS COMPLETION
Delegates nt Srusiola Will Now Blgu
Convention' Thoy Ha vo Agreed
. ' , ¦ ..Upon; •
nilUBSKLS, March l.-At, to-day's alt
lliiK of llio Intnnmtloiml Sugar. Confer
nino It was dooldod to hIkii early .next
weok tho convention heretofore agreed
upon. * •
liKKMN, March 1.— In the course of a'
dlROiisslon of sugar taxation In the Rnlch
stng to-day 1 the Imperial 8ecretary«of .the
Treasury, Dr. -von Thlolmann, saW that
an an International agreement had 'not
yet been signed at Brussels he was not la
BAN JOS10, March 1.— Chotrlls F>. Crlll,
the double of Jamca C. Dunham, and
who wuh brought to Ban Jobo from Kan
sas lust summer on suspicion of bolng
tho murderer of th« McQMncy; family, Is
bulng sought by th« police of Southern
California. Grill's reiemblance to Dun
ham was so close that for several days*
some of those who » had known tho sex
tuplo murderer wero In doubt as to his
Crlll has been operating; In Fullertbn
and Pasadena an the agent of the Pacltto
MuRiizlne Company. At Pullerton he sold
memberHhlps In an'alleged magazlno club
at $1 w each, HHsurlug the members that
by paying' 25. cants a month they could
havii tho prlvlli'Ku of reading all tna
rniiKiizliKiH. Ho produced an IndomAmant
from th« Flrnt National Hank of 1'uhu
ilciiii ,• whloh proven to have been bogUR.
'At KiilliTtim sevant«en oltlxons wore vie*
tiinlztni and a number of residents of
UirdRburg nro minus their money. They
paid iim coin last December, and as thoy
nave not received the mntfaalneH they
want Crlll iirr'-nlml, it In supposed thnt
when CrJll l«ft Southern Ganfornla ha
i-iiitin iik Hun .luHfi nf.wi'iit to Han Fran*
cUeo. ''..'.<:.
. Aft»»r Crffl'wftH proved. not to be Dun
ham hg ,|i>|ii<m| a dlmrt miifleum hero, but
did n*U provn u drawing card, After (hat
he w«rt not htuti'il or until his experlenea
In the ¦outlt. ' ' :
Special Dlipatoh to Tha Call.
Southern California Of
ficers W jan t Oh arles
F..Orill.
DUNHAM'S DOUBLE
IS AGAIN SOUGHT
21
Dft. nEMEDIEa '
A WOMAN'S PRAYER.
It it notable that In the despondency
ttuaed by womanly diseases, there aeenif
to many a suffering woman no way of
escape from pain except at tbe price of
Ufs itself. It would be sad to record
emcb a story of struggle and auftering ex.
cept for the fact ¦
that in Buch dire af^ffi'
distreas many a * I^L_
woman hao f§m\*\
found a way -w AfT? \M
back to heaHh £ £ jyl| J "]
and hnppincasby l^-J^M" T**C&V "J]
the uae of Dr. \
iVrre's Favorite \VpFK2^2(i a
y. This prrnt rrm- f^XJj^^f^^
«•]> fur womanly A 'JSffaS&a. Mht.-,.
ilia haa wrl] Urn ffi^Jfl$l»& g^^
arnrt to weak nnd /¦ ]j^^^\
aick women." It l^< *~ *^
rstahliiibes regu- *^~
larity, drira weakening drains, beala in-
flammation n.nd ulceratlon and enrea fev
male wealcnc-s*. It make* weak women
strong and sick women well.
«Y«ur mrdtrinr almoat ralae4 m* from tba
d'-ad," writes Mt« ltd win It <;nrdnr r. of H^yr*.
I'lynuivth Co., Mass, Jios u, "My urine waa
llkr brick dust, and ] hnd pain all orrr mr end
auch a diAL'triiiX (rrlinv it arritird I eould not do
my ii"u*- work. 1 i.T.f to Ml <!..'? n to wash the
rti»iir», rvrn. In thr rmi 1P07 I waa ««> elrk I
did ""I rare tn live myl prayrd many tlmr* that
<-'.) would ini.r nr. One day I found a little
book. I trad it and wrott to Vt. Tierce, and in
s f>w <li< v> 1 <•• r( V r ,1 n „ a „, v, , , _ j dteidrd to try
Ilia ti.r<1i, ii.r . r ,,,\ tl . y j „,„ w wr |J wulllflli, I
im vi 110 ii.ii i: n. i».-, no iirn,i n ri,p, do paltt at all.
I <!«-.! alwa)-a to have hmdnrhra prrvlousl)* to
the i-i-.m 1 u «. r i '¦¦'! nnd such pain that 1 would
roll «ti U"- (i-. ,1 in i,|-,,nv 1 took thrrr hottlrs
ftf Dr. rierce'a I'avotlt* Prescription and thfrt
of 'Goldrn Medical Dlsrovrry' and three viale
of Vr. ItrrfVs riraaant tviirts, and was com«
jilrlrly cured."
Accept no $ii1*tltute for * Favorite Pre»
ricription." There is nothing just as good.
Dr. Piercc'a Common Sense Medical
Adrincr — ae-iit 'free on receipt of stamps
to cover expense of tnaUing'orr/j'. Send
21 one-cent atamps for the book in paper
, covers; or 31 stamps for the cloth bound
volume. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo. N. Y.
T nn KMromuM. | Tnn bmpoivium. i this emporium., i the bmpoxixvh. ' i the emporium. i the emporium.
\[ .Monthly Salo of Exolu- Oollootlon of Musio for '^^m. •'' A Monday Salo of Six Famous Novols at S
\ alvo Wash Ncvoltlos. Mandolin and Guitar. ~///^ L£/^ r m " WMtp India Linons* Extra Spoolal Prloos. §
i "' Pj Ka «»* •«• '"I Mer«rli^d Madras W« hav« Juit received the latest and bfst, JTSZL ' m mt *> F^. !*> JL ¦*' m"'M ~ mj* ' A plelc-up In nice Shttt Whltt Ini't Llnenaj Thas« ar« the six most rtaii bookn at ths ptmnt V
k,- Idli.., ti Iml.n «¦!.]¦, in rlrh Driidrn the Leo Feltt Mandolin and Oultar Cellectlon, uf/V/'y C» /S^ / A^Jff'^^ / /^7^y U ff B &irj enly ij p!«ees fer thin ule| n.» r«hrU mere time, t.y nve woria-famed tuthera. Tha *
\ llfl P'», plain wlilmnd ihi new linen tolon, contalnlnji 17 arrangements of tha newest and Mfesg^yy J[ ftl S B N&s4 ) L^J 4L y£$LMs$L/S M M useful for walate, thildren'a wear, tte.j this publisher's orl«a U f 1.50 per volumt. N«>- 2
jV »'•• were made to ie!l it from )ee to 4$« most popular rnuile. lueh faverltei 111 "Hunky £3 m Oft^^^k—-^ H M$*jj(!L/ w^ O^^fi^Tr^aT^JL-—^ lui MomUy only, yur.l Ho wh«« ela« In Call ornU can tliry be b<m K ht
5. the yard, which we clo;ed out much i/ndrr Dory," "flmokey Mokei," "Duneh'of fllaek- rALir*OMNIA'S LARrriT. JB l n^taiiii— r " "*" f*|n« Or<sndl<i— The cleie, even threaded at our prlcta to-morrow, probably nowh«r« ,1
pr'« f,om an Kngllsh Importer, at aolutely bmltt," He Laid Away a Suit of Gray," etc, w urwm " ng ZL^ v JtaSSSB^I^ lmmm '~ UU, All ln<hra wUe, In white and In mlM elu In Am«rl«.
»( new fabrics that have never brrn iliown in etc. ' mmtas!mmMIB^BSKImt^ ltmii " 1 colon, yard .. 3Bo "The Eternal City"— By Hatl Calne, J
X (hit market, are offered for to- ia Mandolin part, Oultar patt or Second Man- "^m^^m^^ 0^ AMERICA'S GRANDEGT.QTORP:, Dotted S wh«-Even sheer ground, with neat Monday f)Oo 5
K morrow only, per yard IfSC dolln part, each 2Bo. , r-«»r-r-»%r -r-a-*-..- **-. **.-.. ... M ,mm MMMM . doti of assorted ia«i, and very euellent value, "Marletu 11 — • Dy Marlon Crawford, !f
t Otrmtn tnd Irish Linen Suiting* — I»rr yard Pitno pirt, 0 O . ' EVERY TEST PHOCLAItVIS IT BEST. pery.rd, ,..,....,. . SltO Monday. . 080 2
iV 4BO ._ ; _•:;¦_ -.•.'¦•. _»_ l( M*n F«m Oen|arry"~ Dy Ralph '5
» ltlfa«t Jheer Linen Uatlatr *and Dicta r , ~ *~ ; ~" Connor, Monday . . QQo n
; mMim^ Greatest Black Silk Offering Sn Our History. :FE^ -
s utitfm^ZrLJVi?* H°8 Sale ot Five ot the Beat Makes from Leaning European and ' . w;,»_p^.;, .V-V i SoS g
v b.thd.i«,.nd.i.b m .. rir«.,, p.r ,«d . . American Manufacturers Begins Monday. |
a* .............. M*m,lO . **"^ ' 1 *i
i , : v; This is the most opportune Silk Sale that the big store has ever held; selling 1 way under regular prices, such Man's Good Suits— i
'" Si Pants Oroasar 57a wort hy and beautiful silks at just the time you want them most, when you are beginning to have your Spring $18, $17.50 and $20 %
8 An tfln lirfl 5*£ enable, us to offer for COI , lUmC| ™* C "?' T^ m ™l^ l?fl r fe « 0 " rfl *?"?* '°^' ale P 1 "? 0 '". .« «• iho c«. wlih lome -dvctiaed .ilk n\n, but .. de.cription, below indlc.te, VaiUOS for $10.50. \
8 Monday, only, a Mgh-grad. |i,o 9 Combine ¦»«* m «n in*pcct on of lhe goqdi therpielvci v% II pr«,ve, they are the very beat mikes of thcirWndi from -ome of the wor.d 1 . best kmwn manufacturer*, A few huncJred |uil| , ef , , rom - thfl ;}
u tion Trouirs CWr and iv«ser, made of Lot!— CoriiUti e( jpopysrdi of that world lumou* pure? dye black ta/TotH. mpmi'apturcd by the Lot 4— Nearly iqoo yardi of ahlnch BUck Peau de Sole; Schwaru atock, which w« purchaied »
i f ' wms to ths % w of the pint!, *E hM *m "***«* <>]> , J ' »°' "'* * F°" »' rr « p "' TllU »'"* '' £"* '? UnM Wvto* »»fflca also of Swiss manufacture, has a ma|nlftc.nt flni.h, warranfd to five in N«W Vork a few weeka ago *t about fr
I lff.V 6' "' 0 7O IMI.I,, n ,to DisM:.^ .fir-Inch b'Ht Mlhni tkub wimniid w mMhi r es «l, f , ¦ f "»'''' ""[U *' ?„"¦ "" '"" <P fl/O to Th.,. Lh^P » Aki I *
I, 'Mlk « «i,*| ilw hf«i m« lirfiif iA nc^dsMl wMlb hi imhlni »p will cm ta imi i4viinlii<. II ll « m»lll» mwy. BkIHIIi Sil.kt|tanlii, Mauli). . ¦ S 8 ' i , ,'" i . 8
i I — __ Iiinn4 iifcn* » *«> furfOMt, hi«ln, . Hntallji hllllMt Unillij Mi will t« mid m guf |,mi .|...i.,l fOn LoU- n.iu.lful lo-lnth ni.o'i I-um.ndu. fllili, thai I. .<• " 5)f . "'. B °' n * *"Y '*f i( >'Y '"• '•'• S
; Latest Popular MubIo. k « k f D^"J h i^r r^: ' ' J ; 'i' ' titi I " " .' ' m 7 *P D th!^a2ir^« .%"'~""",%M"!. Shm Mtata " 1 "^ !^ f *
J i'er nil in My«le I)«piFim«nMi£on(J rieaF, Lot 3=D'fifk P«u de 8ol§i Hw ii makei M lnehe§ \vklei_ nearly i§§§7mii oi thii popular [hi ,»*!«-! uli prk\ Tb'i illk will maki hindiomt dreii ihlrii sr (knulnt 119.00, 117,80 and i f 20.00 Vi'um V
\ An «rempliih€d pi.niif will play evwinypliEe bHutiftilly finliliiii, good wraHng I i.|s per yaftl quality} thai w« nwniiaifuf#d i»pr8«ly f)pdFiii-pijFpoi*i, ; and makii iMft waiiti} If is tlnVadi ioM Fi§uUFly at <i,e§ the yardj but will (or lift JO^Pajhienifeli Hnliniihtid Wentidi, l*J
JS ),ii.i><iiMM heaf, Ouf pHfH ir§ half the l«e faptliu'irly atlfaet ye ihlFt wa : «ij will be told at ouf gF«at sp'ilal Uaelt Bilk Ma beginning Mondiyj ' bs uld at buf ipgsial HUilt 811k 8a> b.'|innln| Mandsy ££4%** t'aiilmirei m4 faniy Weritfdi. in olive, £
*,; pybjfheff'i per yari i ¦ ¦,,,,,,,,,¦ i, ¦ ,., i ¦.• •'>¦¦'¦•¦>>¦• .¦.¦•», ?**#€*#«# W®¥»|^|"»P^^^^" |^I:' • « • • • • • • • • w«laf€aT breym, gr.yi, grcemi *lw plain ilutiand a,;
J BlauAwa;Tws>gtca, , ',,, le" ije lf«i« A/iinifa ms#| AuMa Wfliw V W Mnm Ohm/ish n M /i.. A /5ii/i,/« ilft«i|all'«t»atima-li with Uitbraa« «houldi» j
J CmlH BfflH Mmh, Lamat. . j&e »]e iV5IV UIOQKB QIIU Oil It O 1!iUrO» ) ¦ : NOW &IJMIIfJ UPQB& GOOUQt and .haf>t:r«tain:n| ftenfi, uilmin« style ifl«l J
( Uohk#y Laugh .Two-Stip, Whit' , New laekiti . .itttl.nO to $1'J*B0 MmY& Ib .eald . bliek type we can mirety give the namei thai the makers hive Ji m ¦!«*• iha mwi lartidiuuaj tumlae j
fr r.«.IRo,e«fRH, mi'.', . , joe >« New Coth Bklrw $4.OO to $20,00 /-fl^\ wmwi io that you «n tdl what they look like. They must be teem 2.,?. f/latfL?. !., S ai i a i i Jn X
6 rrVi? """^f.y*^" w «" J° e *! e New Silk ihdPe.ude Sole fiklru,, lf f#O to «4ff«00 /llKsA ' Alhhat w«e.ii Intlmiwli thit wehm iil.rgt • itock to choo.e from .. .r wit2 J wllSii M^Tet hlSiJIS |
| iSiKv.V7rfZtW.toi- 5 ° e New Shirt W.!»ti GOo »> $0.00 /AW» cun be fbund jnywhere, that the goodi.were telected by expert! .nd thit they , pattern, in , tripe. and «l.«ck», Irr all .i«e, up g
B ford ......... ,oe »jc New S n k vv.i.t\ j«/f nn to j»jro on (K \7fV fef eime lrom lhe be<t m8kefl tlut w « knt)W ° r « [° t 1 T" • J" 1 lpe , tal " Ia && RR \
K ILor.NoOne.DutYou.Kr^r Joe ajc NtW Bilk WiliU\ $5.OO * $IO.UO \\ V \| W 4|Jnch . g|rf M |, tri , ¦£,,„,,„.,_,„ -, 1|ht , „ ind bUek with wW|t m , b*|lnn| fl | to-diy, pair. . to^.bU \ t >
I- ennle L«e, Von 11Ue r I ... «x 25^ Mnnnfnn tint ihn Mil V?/ y2% woven tu show the lining/ our prl«, per yard SI.Ou Boyi $3.50 D«uhl«.ltrea«teil and V«i \ulia J.
Ikile Cotton Dolly, Otibd.. . oe »e VIOIMlng QUt UtO OM. ?^ K»l 44-lnJrh SaHn Prunella-A .uptrbly dyed mi I flnUhed French cloth, In all the new .prln, .hade,, r,r|2.28-Siie. for .,«. 6 ta ,5 year,, J
8 MrD'^Jt'MihV '' $ c° 0 £ \? Slashing price," right .ndle.t, not the price but the. .ale 77 HBIV ««r prlc, per yard . , . \ . \ \ . . . \ , . , ?,&,. 2 B S^ffft ££* * ™ !j
My Drowsy D«be, Nichols. ... 501- »je . * f • r s I J ffiM® 44-tneh Wool T.fT.U-A new weave, In colors, our price, ysrd $1.23 lnlWi £*i I 00 * «• S° ••"»"• l!
f K^t^Cftli: 0 At WOO-Thrc..Qu:rtcr Coats that have been *i 5 .oo f . RSjM4 11^ \'\' 't" "" V " ' ' *'£? ""X^^^^T^ \
% ' 3 3 M , . 1 p .. w Wy^J, ami W 46-Inch Canvai Suiting— The new fabre. In eo on, /or ttreet wear . , 7Ba u-.-.t- ,.u,, n . 1 *«iu« .«j .mk.«u«.j •!
g — i ,'".? f M M 00| / inClt ,»?. dl ! \ finClt making|Un ' it^W I
£ Salo Nock Ruffs C " tOr ' Monday and lue.dsy,,. / 1 W ¦ A'l-wool Black Canvaa Mgni-. 3 Mnch, 5f7o; 46-lneh, 75o; jo-lneh, J/.OO. sale price. •••.... $3.48 S
aV m dnim Ilbrrtv Silk Nrclt RufTi .rlrrtrH StO.OO Jl V, Vl W ' All-wool Dlact Panama Jultlng— 48-lneh, 7/for 1 o-lnch, , S i.|nch, SI.2B. $2.00 Wa.h Sailor Suits. $1.31 -Urn fo» \L
S ftlmhl, S.TL riX;lm.' A , JK «_ Tnl | 0r Drujci finely m.d C| b" J\\ \\ AknM C " c ' S ' r ' 1 '"' c '""'"'-^" th ' W*1 +**.9l.ni W«,*a.OO. .,...»..,.«.•,« ~a ,.. u. . J »^ g
R .ui/ i..u L n . »«.«.. .hJ. »i,k Al * l£ ' w *-" IOIIor itcmm, nneiy msacj dcbi Sifix \\ \\ \ ¦¦ ¦ percales, and linen crashe. uitd in thes« ttiita. 1 {J
t ts^^sst «. iwi m ''" w " '^i ? ! ",i 8"' 1 - brown< - /7I \ > \ 1— — __ — _^ 1 u r». «m i»< «, 3fl 5
ff Mllint, the reiular 14.S0 qu*Uty, In Mack, tana 1 nd aome b ackj in all 1 z:a that were f ' [JIU X V 1 \c*<Y\S*C I S /^ lv f *T\(fc Kl 1 r>/a 5 •< 1^ + laundered, sale price. ... «9ftaO
S m»|pif orj«kdiw, specUl -j O — o jao.oo, 5*5.00 and |a7. 501 your choice M^^ .' U^ll ICO. L 1 L/ IV Iv^T OLI dlPIlL — -—¦ »
§ -"M^-r 92.68 M ,nday.ud Tuesday |fM .« ' » ¦ . j|
!•¦ i o , flfl/ stylo Shoos ' lk!iglJJ££j^^ Mon's Spring "Fixings" \
I Ladle.' VUI Kid u« Sho«-n«t -u'.Hty, Tho-Naw Nookwoar Eastnrn Sugar-Ourcd — i — ¦ : *tl ?.°w«.i^h. l dT. M o 4 r r b i h,e 0 , r SUfrJu I
h rlthcr dull kid or p'ah kid top., mwoi ton, for WoMfJIt. NtinW f3o MondttV. fionfl OlW Pl'loOS for Liulhs' W/lst DaffS. eolerieriirlp^plalnorpleatano.omjian^i!
5 SvtS: X Jrt^T' "&.50 W « h rft «? lhl> w«k«. .rrW.I from Among th..th.r splendid value, for Monday Enstmin Koilnks. ' Th./.dof th. ,,,,on In lea.he, jjood,, a brn M ""VlVrT lv' V.w'colo/ fd^ I
it Ladiea* Manniah Shoea— About 60 dlflerent New Yerk * ni PirI '» flow un Mli ln ltttk ' ln the l re « r y department arei , , w „ . v .. wthIn - - th ,. (h . ,_,,.„, or Bra . shipment of up-to-date styles just In. The Men • ™ nt V noilery— -New color comblna- -^
jl v^^Zm^^imn^^SS^ wrarSmlen, Retund.. link Uana-Dut eu.ll.y, Monday, ,0 Ib,. .. i««t Others In new sj,d p 7 ,,«; shapes, ' Jon. In stripe, and .mbroU.r.4 effect,, J
g lim'thebteatyl. Dluchcr 8ho f .,'.ll h.v! OyirCO'l.ri-M.d. of arau linen or .Ilk \ /', , , ? , , S J O till J.l&t Sued. Leather, chamol. lined, pr.t.y co.or, !
2; O«olyc« wdtc4 nitnaloii idcf. either patent eo'owd or white combination, daintily em- Shrtddtd Cldllih-De.rdiUy'i, Monday, J auntly kipt In itock. A dark room free for «',,;;„•, W'un'yj^'i!' 00 J^HukJ^^^^ZZ ! :
*, Ir.ther or kld,tlp», dull kid or plain kid tops, bnsldcrcai| each BOO t! n . .ska «he use of our patrons. Anything In tha R«"«»i» M»t chamo.a llnad, aretty eolora. . . Men 1 Neckwear-- Bright new cfTecu for >
§ Udici* Vlcl Kid Late ShoVilaJRIllJ gf^ ia' hN^weVr-Mer^d m.^Ma? f '!? BL^ •' ' V .' *? -tr £&.. # °'" uln « •"•» « b - m^ TO «§« M.n». m«hi Sh.rt^w.n m,d. o? .oofmu^ S
J tops, patent leather ar kid tips, new style Xi' uf. A.cot. Kour-ln hand Xr In C"*™ ChoColaiU— Rob«rw'| iMsle . Imuntly, v ¦¦ , ,LI«t Our • • •"• • • ' $t'00 lln, cut full .In, pretty .Ilk trimming., at 1!
g toes, Upturned W les, millury or Cub^ . T^S^WSSS^S K T^i l^J ' '^^ Fnldln. Pocket No i & ifl 1^ The UneJh.pa Wrl.t B.gl-Chimd, lined, much Icthanycu would «pec, to pay. BOO j}
Sf , 5f* ! V p c* lr ; ; ' « *u V, ,' J,; 9 ? B0 B7o. 7 So, St.OO ietded K-I»lna-I.lb p«kag M , j pack.gr. . \\2l l°llll No. 1 . I 0.00 Jg.-O with In.lde pocket, In pretty sh.de. cf su.de Men'i Underwear- Medium weight and n.t- S
S Ladlt.* S«ndal»— H.tk Vlcl KM, the new „, . , , , mi j u i j ................ PAn Iolt)ln * Hocket No. I A 1.1*. oo SR OD leather, $1.2Gj genu ne sea , $1.35: ura i woo i .h« klnit that l» wnrn h«ra for J!
g «y le , with one strap and bow,' plain toe, Wuh Lawn „, ,-N £ e .»^ .he.r tucked B-M £ f^ «« r M *. P » eket N o. , . L 7i . S*4.OO ', .enulni .ITlgator, %h.OO. "'^ #,?& tnSf, S
J h.nd.turned«r?e.,o r er. heel, our price.. . ind hematltthedeiTecta, 14 atyla, at J5p Mo^ k P I » Drowni eN 0,1 J1.00 80 Extra LarjaWrht Bag-chamo!. lined, in.ide and nicely finiihed garrrVnts, ««J . . 7BO S
I L.dW.A,l>;te;tU.tHe;w.r ; ,nib^J!£ SISSSW^ „ ¦. f Boy,' Golf Ihirt.-.Th. popular wit,
§ Bo>V 'little Gen^ihon-MaS of the SZK^' »W 5l>to flO-Olfto. ¦ C K%S^?%^ ESS, tT 1 . '.T. $S 5
g best ,u.,ity Vl.l Kd or Box Ca f, welted Q nQ Q f QtW Pofjulnt' press by our Hosiery buyer, now In Europe, ar- Whitney', new style Go-Cart. for spring and »n^ P««nt hookj a wonderful value lor the g
| SSS&3SS I "5« an5 Clara# Sa/ C « ! Afom/ay. Iff » « *« A «¦ •» "eV.nd j«L -» hire They are so P dilTerent fdc . . '. $1.00 — ~ |
| I - '^ y SUBl Sonoma 6.,-One of our mo. t p^U, ESJ-ff ° th " ' S *lo Of GoldOH Rulo e AT ° lf^ S
K .eller., that always give. Mts- 7 5, Doien Ladle,' Fancy Hc. 8 - 9 dfTcrent pat- that you can adju.t either the b.ck or the e^!!l!!JM»Ji!l-T*1-ioa SpOOnS, KntVDS, Forks. «
£ [action, . apecM Monday, term, black cotton, plain nr Rembrandt front Independent of the'other, or both worked ofllVllfl]f MncmnO $1 1.UO. Another of our speelil .al« Willum A. -J
§ Extra Good ValllCS In ' • ' ' ' ribbed, with red, blue or, whlta silk em- together. They have varnlihed reed body, The .erne of sewing machine perfection, equal Rogers' Table Silverware. Guaranteed to be \|
5 nirtnkntfinnil tinntfnr>trn*a e ' owi * ont Vv'hl.Vey— Bottled at the distillery IrJ.lcie.l pjlka doe on Instrp, and lisle »nd all-steel, rubber-tired wheels, Whitney's pat. In appearance and usefnlneis to any $40 or ai per cent nickel silver, tha plating full stand- S
5" 1^11 ei l . j /» 11/ 1 1 by **" diltlller| (T»y lor * Williams), either cotton h>>.e, In Roman strip, fflect on b'ack ent antl-friction whtal fastener and foot J 65 machine, sews anything, the head ia of ard weight of pure silver, all fancy pmerni and •*
ft V^hlle rlanKcts— The good California make Rye cr Dourbon, lull ijuarls, MoniUy , , , and royal blue) we have marked these, per brake, Our pilces lor reclining Qo<Carts standard, perfecr, everlasting construction, remarkable value at Monday's special prices. S
g (ind California makes the best blanket! In , , , , $1,05 pair,, , , , ,, , , , , , , , , QBo range ftem , , $7.00 to $30,OQ the attachment, are the mo« complete and. Only aoo wu each of ths Teaipoons, Table- j}
K the world), sl*e 6jilo Inches, full j»poundi Br-wn'i. C» ( ery fhoiphatt—To be served 30 Dozen itrlklntf NlW'Bffceia • Such a. G*»od R«il Dody, Hood.Top Carriaj{«« fineit made, of h'gh'grada steel and nickel spoons, Forks and Knives In the offering! ]«
R wri«ht, pink and bigs bordersi »t the r*mark. either hot or (old, quart bottles , , , BBo pUIn gron lacg lisle, gr?#n grounds with Ro. Fully uphotit«rd4 In colored figured tapejtry, plated, the. woodwork la handiome oak, Teaspoons, sat of 6, Monday ., , , . 03o '*
S aply low price, pair. ., , , . , $J.OB ( irine de Menthe. .n.l mhrr rnntUh— in g Ui man stripes, and whltt grounds with black p'ush roll, tlnnfd'.'iil wh»e!a sn4 foot 'piano palishtdj we guarantee them fore Tableipoom, iet of 6, Monday . . . Si. GO \
K I ln« womrtirte. ri-=A l>fa«tlfyl llm, nllfd with decanter*, tach, .,..,,, , JBO polka doti and Roman «rlpr.-.h«Vi 'been - brake, , ......... . $G.t$O y«»r. te give p«rf«« ..t'tfactlen, rtgwlarly Perka, set •» 6, Mon4«y. . . , , , #I,OQ J
C bmlnatii white cotton, viry Urge sin, fctlhir Rlvif Whlikiy-A very mpirlor marked at the ¦ttraetivt intrcductory pfIc**. * Qlhff, Carrteid, With rubfor tim, '|»I.IJ. ipwUlly rtimi >-— A0 it Dwt, Knlvii, with Iro«i4 handln, wtoffi, ,<
J dahty telerlfifij eich .. . . . , $t,3B Bourbon, gallon > $9»00 per pair , ,,...,..., , SOo pern UiQ to $15,00. fur Monday only to. , &17.Uii Monday , ,$1,39 <
katltkiietiiaiWtiaiWiianrtelfWi^
PERSONAL
TO SUBSCRIBERS.
I will aand .to every aubicrlbar nr reader of
Tha Call & fulUaliad ONK DOLLAH pnckajrit of
VITAH.OniO. by mall, rOHTPAU), sufficient
for ana month'a treatment, .to ba paid lur with.
In oiui month'a tlrna nft<-r receipt, if the re-
ceiver can truthfully nay that Ita uaa haa don»
him or her mnn>]kood than all tha drufa and
dnpea of quacka of koo4 doatora or patent mail*
Iclnei li» or aha has ever u»ed, KI3AI> thla
over axaln carefully, and' underatand that wa
aak our pay only when It haa dona you goad,
and not before. We take all the rl»li; you have
noililiiK U> loae, If It itiiH* not benefit you, ynu
pay ua nothlnv. VITAIC'OltH In a natiirul,
liBid, itiiniiuiiiiliia roek>llk« nubntnnee— mlnernl
.— OIiK— mined from the around Ilka euld knd
¦llvor, and requlrea nl.utit twenty yam tor nx*
Idlxtttlon. It eontalna free Iron, free aulphur
and ttmerirniiim, and one paekaaa will •iiual In
tiinilltliiiti ktt'Pitath ami, curatlv* value wm g%\.
lona of the moat powerful, eMeaeloua tnlnxrnl
water, drunk fr»Hh at (he anrlnits, It la a aeo.
lealual dUepvery,. to which there la nothing
ndd*d nr taken from, It In the. marvel of the
century for curlnv eucb dl«e««e« m lth«uma>
11*111, Mrlght ft 1 Mhph^p, IIIim.iI I'iiIhkiiIiik, Mem I
Trouble, Diphtheria, i'mnrrli and 'l'hro«t AN
fectlonw. Liver, Kidney and llladder Allmxuta,
Htnmni'li and Female Dlaotdnn, La Orltipe,'
MnimiMi Kav«r, N*rvou« l'roatratlon «.nd O*n«
«ral Debility, aa thouaanda tentlfy, and aa no
one. anawerinv thla, writing for *, packnnn,
wlll-drny after Main*. Otv« aRa,.l||« a.nd *«»,
Thla offer will chnltengn tha attention am*
ronnlderntlnn, and afterward the Kratltudn of
every living pereon who dealrea better health,
or who auffera palna, Ilia and dteeaaei which
lm vn dofled the mrdlral world and grtiwn wore*
with a«e.\ We care not for your skepticism,
but iwk only your Investigation, and nt our ex-
pense, regardless of what Ills you have, by
sending to ua for a package. , You must not
write on a postal card. Address T1UCO. NO1SL,
Ban Francisco. Oil.
Maidenhood and Womanhood
At the threshold of wedded life with its cares and responsibilities,
what more appropriatccould a bride consider than a box of the med-
icine that will keep the new family in perfect health.
ifZ^fl^^a^^^^. . "I took Oaaaarala tBTsalf and thay are flaa, I alas
h«T« beyn rlTtng »h«m lo my rhlllr«n wuh b«*t
raialla."— ifr». D«tI», ill E. C«pUol Hi.. W.iUlntton.
Xf//W \*w> \ .^SiCT- and eftUrrh of lli« thrukl. An now uilni Ciimiti,
4 u!fflly j tfw^L • < Vl \TOBSfl with coo>1 reiulu ana am ••U*fl«<t I wtllb« •?tir«l|
SKli1r^ l^\w vli IV^ £ "***"'' "' '* T * omiBf ' ml Champlaln Ara., Chlau*
i? i "_L h .* T t n ** <l C»«a«r«l« •»<» mail ••/thav ar« woi%.
VbBjH^ \%\Via\\VwwA. 4arful. 1 r«44mm«n4 iliim la »ll my [.,!» frt«ntt«. r>
«*?« I?tKJ i\\Wv\iA«\wh yaar I ha* alaoauffarad from mrrtflilaTa«eii»fnn.
B^lfUltt*l ,• \\\WiV'®l»!fl» allr waVarlac. Aflar Ha«Yshaaafl«o.ta..ia aiOi*.
tOoR I Vfta Ve^ WllVSVlVlIn a«r«U th« •»•><.• w«ll »n,l h«« bnmn wall «r«p ilna*. 1 '
li^l \\ V!k \?+ j)mS£v6Sm -Mfa.i f lowB.aa.444JaaaUMs..aaaJrraaalaa*,
HSAl\\ln\\V JKW \unl« V\\ ep«r»tljn «n.l «lna« lh«n .nfT«r..t hnm. ...ar. &..1-
l^'Sitv «JotlbU M jrgu|"-U«. M>»«« L««o«, Ulltu.n,C«lo.
VffcW^V-V^f'Wr \vOvA \ b * l ""« r » |of "" ; ' lrlU »«"-""' Kiu "•»'»•». roi.Wa?
XVlS^ )^*.' N \r\ \ "r° f "•»•?•• r»»t* I •»•*• «n!T«r«.t .\tr.tn«lr with •
\-/*T7 Jr ' \\ ' «alla4 tbla iroabU appan4l<iul*. t took OaaaaNlaaal Mink
y Mr fl \\ 1 »it»«an tafa y add aDp«nitl<iuta |,> lha l(<i nf dl««M«a ih.i
r JF/h " V ¦ Casaaraia will aura"- kuol«eJ. Uralih.iUloh Vallar,Ohl7
I *7 f /I \ y A' J l5S T# ' * ni n 0 ' whleh all lha dn«tar« told ma ««ttlit b« Milan
V ' / 1?" nr In nn nthar way than wttK tb« knU», but I tklak »u«
A , Catcarata ara abiorblna: It tuttMlr.
' -Mr«. E. Dltoa, CUInon, C»L
There are mnny physical disturbances of the bodily functions con*
nectcd with the change from maidenhood to womanhood, and the
health ami wholesome life not only of the bride, the new wife and
prospective mother, but that of the new generation that is to be, de-
pend upon keeping all operations of the digestive canal regular and
natural with Cascarcts Candy. Cathartic;the only medicine that will do
it gently yet surely without grip or gripe. •
//T?rY/»/-*n ntVt 5 eil for ! h * Dowe '»' All druHtata, toe, tje, 500. Ntvar aotd In botk.
ivVtfVVVVVW Th«g«.iulne tablet atampedCCC. Ou«rante*a to cura or your money
V rTaP^ b * ck - Sample and booklet frae. Addre»a
6UfUn« Romady Company, Chlcaco «r Naw Ywfc HI
Solid Oak Parlor Table, 24 >;
inches iquare, one only sold
to each, customer, only $1,00,
Roxbury Carpet, , any
amount, any pattern, sewed,
lined nnd laid,. per yard 70c.
Great reductions through. '
out the entire stock./ Credit '•'
nnd free delivery In Oakland, ¦
Alnineda nnd Dcrkeley.: We '
" cloic nt six o'clock, except' V
Oil Saturday.
TwBriHiant
' FURNITURE -CO,, .
3387343 POST HTRBllT,''
Opiioalta Union Square.Now that we have got Miss. Stone safe at last, the next step should be to find the bandJrV
and solve the question: whether ; they were bad men or/bold patriots seeking coin for the
their country, as some. reports say they were. * " : ' s OI
The Seriate* hass passed [resolutions in" fayo^ of two constitutional 'a WWdm^ts one chan
ing* the date of inauguration and the other fixing the /Presidential^ succession but" a's vet " it haV
shown no interest in the one providing for the election of Senators by the people •
THE MOTDOO OASES.
IN the iailure to convict Brown it becomes evident that none of the Modoc murderers can
be convicted, no matter what the evidence against them. It is a part of our system of law
that the State cannot remove a. criminal case to/another county by change of venue With
out such change none of these men can be punished.. The law is a wise one. It is intended
to make each community responsible for the crime committed within its borders, by putting uipon
it the duty of punishment. If it fail in this duty, then it suffers punishment.
We do not suppose that those concerned in this affair in Mt>doc County care much for
public opinion. They do not wince at knowing that their county has a stain upon its fame but the'
stain is there just the same. The law wisely left, them free to say whether they. would punish 1 mur
der or not. They have used their option by putting a premium upon that crime, refusing its pun
ishment and standing; together to prevent justice. They need find no fault if others regard them
as deliberately assenting that their county shall bear the reputation they have made for it The rest
of the State, through State officials, sought to, vindicate the law in Modoc. This clea-s the people
of all the other counties of all responsibility. and vindicates the general law-abiding 'character of
the commonwealth. ...Further than this the State' cannot go. Its^hands'are tied.
:; If Modoc County is ever purged the process must be' self-administered. Five verycowardlv
murders were committed,^ in the night and darkness. The guilty men are as well known as ; the
name* of, the county in which they live. The Jury .. knew them; and after Wearing to d6 its dutv
according to^the law and^ evidence,, decided against both. That ends it: In the future the synonym
for lawlessness will be 'Modoc justice?' .... V . . \- ." " , " ¦
have some small talent to permit of your
getting into the conservatoire at all.
"What they teach? En effet— to control
every muscle of tho body till It la com
pletely plastic to one's will and answers
to the emotional need of the moment as
a pianist's 1 fingers answer to hla require
ment, and until the movements become
automatic as do his. They teach you
how to walk first. It is very difficult to
walk, you know?"
I did, and nodded my familiarity with
the difficulty. k>
"Then one learns how tc pick up a
handkerchief, to pull a rose., to sit. to
stand, to glance, to smile, to fall, to faint
— anything and everything you can think
of in exact obedience to picturesque*
values and in the fullest attainable ac
cord with the psychology of the action.
Then, lastly, one learns to create an epic
in gesture and that is all. Diction, of
course!" and madame's expressive hands
—wonderfully like Calve'a of dazzling
memory— finished the story.
"One . thing. Were you not David
Belasco's favorite Mme. Butterfly?"
"I don't know," she Bmlllngly parrie'd.
"but I played It for two years and shall
Rive it in London when I go from here.
I love it and would— oh, so much— like to
play it here."
I wonder if we could not have Morin's
"Butterfly?" Few playgoers have for
gotten the altogether charming Japanese
girl of Juliet Crosby at the Alcazar. I'm
fture Mlas Crosby would like to see the
Parisian "Butterfly." and I should like
to take one with her. I < left the "Pier
rot," "Butterfly." "French Maid," with
"but you will not think that I imagine I
can sing?" appealing to my vanlshinc
ear.
Of an age touching Beethoven's and
Schubert's, Mr. Holmes' life is rich in
memories and traditions. His father, who
himself could not play a note, was his only
teacher, with such success that Henry,
with his brother Alfred, were touring the
Continent in concerts at the early ages
of 15 and 17, respectively. Their father
took the boys to Bpohr, on one of Spohr's
London visits, and the author of the cele
brated violin school had nothing but
praise for the curiously educated youths.
They toured for ten or twelve years, ap
pearing in Paris. Brussels, at the Lelpslc
GewtndhauB, in Sweden. Denmark, and
various other cities, and then came for
Henry Holmes a long and honorable Lon
don career. He originated the "Musical
Evenings." where the choicest chamber
rauBlc was given In choicest fashion, be
fore one of the most muslclanly coteries
that ever gathered together. Here Mil
Holmes Introduced the mighty e'ant
Brahms to English' audiences, and all
that was best In classic and contemporary
literature was sure of' sympathetic ear
eplred— imaginings. , He loves well the
place of his adoption, its physical beauty,
its freedom and young genius; and be
lieves with a great belief in its future.
And the old musician has found an en
viable place in the affections of his West
ern confreres. Both as artist and man he
has won the respect and love of all who
are fortunate enough to know him, and
these things have combined to leave him
without regret, though not without the
ever-present memory of the classic shades
from which he came.
THS most eminently picturesque fig
ure in the local musical world is the
venerable English violinist, Henry
Holmes, whose fine old face, with
its eetting of illustrious locks, has
been a familiar sight to the city concert
goer for some few years past. It is the
quaintest romance — with which perhaps I
have no public business— how the charm
ing old artist, product of a statelier day
and ancient civilization, left London a few
years back to come to the crude New
World of the West, with his violin under
his arm. his family and all that is his. It
Is the story of Imagined opportunity for
young blood, for Mr. Holmes has two
sturdy, adventurous sons: the story of
dreams of scented orans;« groves, skies of
eternal axure. and.*, glad, Greek sunshine
shining on the happy artistic ferment of
a new Athens in the making. Nor has
the amiable dreamer found himself disap
pointed in his divinely ridiculous— or in-
THIS FAMOUS "PIEUnO T"
TALKS INTERESTINGLY OF
HER ART.
¦ . .-.¦". i ,..-.• ¦ ..•<:¦'
AMONG the new powers with which scientists are seeking tb endow mankind -is that of
providing light without heat. The demand for such an art can hardly be called urgent,
-but still it would manifestly be of advantage to us. It would enable us to illumine our
rooms and theaters without unduly heating them during the warm nights of. summer, and
in other ways be beneficial. It is said that in the ordinary gas burner only about threeper cent of
the energy expended .is converted into light. The. rest is heat. Even the. best burners and incan
descent mantles hardly furnish more than thirteen per cent of light. It will be seen that from gas
we get too much heat when we are' seeking after light, and electricity does not furnish much
better results.
The experiments thus far made in the direction of producing an illumination without heat
are not encouraging to the general public, but scientists are said to be fairly well pleased with
• them. Professor Gorham of Brown University has found that if beef be kept long enough under
conditions which permit decomposition along certain natural lines it will become \ luminous and
emit rays strong enough to make a photograph. The experiments are the outcome, of the well
known phenomena of phosphorescence. The glow of decaying meat is due to a species of bacteria,
and Professor Gorham is reported to have found that by separating these organisms from their
• original environment and feeding them in glass flasks containing gelatine, with certain kinds of
salts, they become far more luminous than when feeding on beef. Thus it appears we are coming
within measurable distance of the desired light!
It will be a curious condition of affairs if we should ever arrive at a time when our homes
and cities are lighted with bacteria instead of with electricity, but there is no telling what the next
generation is coming to. If the new light prove successful, and the gelatine flask full of micro
organisms take the place of the electric light, we shall have the satisfaction of having taught the
art to our descendants ancKcast its beams upon them; if on the other hand it fail, the blame will
be on them for not having profited by our experiments with beef. \;-:fy [
LIGHT WITHOUT HEAT.
nf^f.T^ 1 e rf Clef C * lub ',?. "open rehearsal",
of last Monday, at which a .varied and
musical programme was rendered, shows
a gratifylngMmprovement in Its work.
Robert Lloyd is the conductor of the
pleasant organisation and lsrto be'eon
gratulh.ted on the success of his efforts.
To-morrow evening the longrheralded
concert of Emma Nevada and her com
pany will take place. Mme. Nevada heeds
no introduction to a California audience,
but her accompanying artists are all new
here. Their preceding reputations are
promising, but the proof of -the pudding
is in the eatmg. Pablo Casals, the •cel
list, has a Guarnerius 'cello, and person
ally I d go a mile any day to see a Guar
nerius 'cello, even if the • man with the
pow were a • mile further away. The
Queen Dowager of Spain thinks Senor
Casals plays well-It is to be impertinently
hpped^that her opinion counts for more
than the >average royal opinion on art
and he owes his education to her. Leon
Moreau. the pianist, is a composer of note
£5nif. P la / er of """h more than ordinary
S b U lt^ f */ rom what l can father. The
S 6 V« M h aq^ arre T' haB b een the solo flute
with both the Lamoreux and . Colonne
orchestras in Paris. He should be all
Now, as the schoolgirls say, I am "dy
ing to" talk about the Rosenbecker or
chestra, but If I do, It will Itave me with
out space to mention the highly Important
fact that our own symphony orchestra
gives its last concert of the season next
.Friday. Wet weather and the general
"cussedncss" of things have combined to
play sad havoc with the last two con
certs, and the directors of the society are
shaking their heads over symphony mat
ters. If the Stelndorff orchestra goes un
der we shall not deserve even to hear the
name of symphony for a penitential pe
riod of ten years. Granted ! that Mr.
Stelndorft is not a Rlchter— that It is pos
sible some people have the vanity to de
mand-he is yet the best that lies to oiir
hand, and a musician of accomplishment,
with a positive genius for the handling of
men. He has done good work in face of
very discouraging circumstances, and is
entitled to a large degree of gratitude,
respect and earnest Bupport. We have
given the Rosenbecker orchestra— as Is
perfectly proper— a hearty support, but it
is several times more important to our
musical welfare to give the local band the
benefit of our service.
Next Friday's concert is the last of the
season and a fitting and proper time to
ehow appreciation of Mr. StelndorfTs ef
forts. The programme is good and it is to
be hoped, that every one who cares at all
about the future of music In this commu
nity will put in a friendly appearance.
Here is what will be given: • " -v
Symphony No. 4, D minor (R. Schu
mann); overture, Rienzl (Richard Wag
?5 r) i, \ wo , numbers for string orchestra
(E. Grieg); Scenes Napolltaines (E. Mas-
Part I— "Jubel" overture (Weber), Jaulus
fitark combined orchestras; waltz, "ilein
Baden" (Komzak). Stark- Jaulus orchestras;
"Salve Dlmora" from "Faust" (Gounod),
Edw. Xavler Rolker; A minor concerto (Ool
termann). Paul Friedhofer; aria, "Wil Nachte
Mir der Schlummer? 11 from "Ded Frelschutz"
(Weber); quartet in E net, Op. 44 (Schumann).
Arthur Flckensher. Hother Wlsmer. Armand
Salomon and Theodore Mansfeldt.
,Ji KT l ll ~ " Norraa '" for Pl»n°. four hands
(Thalberg), Mm. Oscar Mansfeldt and Hugo
Mansfeldt: songs. Mrs. Etta Bailey Blanchard;
sonata In A major, by request (Handel). Mr.
and Mrs. Nathan Landsbcrger; piano solo, (a)
Etude (Chopln-Brahms). (b) Scherzo Capricelo
(Mendelssohn), Miss Ernestine Goldmant song
"Adelaide" (Beethoven). H. B. Pasmore; ••In
vitation to tho Dance," for two pianos, eight
har.ds (Weber), Messrs. S. Martinez, Delle
piane. W. A. Sabin and W. B. King, Mrs. Cush.
Ingr, Mr. Flcksnsher and Fred Maurer Jr. ac
companists. 8eats may be obtained at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s next Monday.
• • •
and exquisite interpretation. Another not
able sphere of activity for the violinist
was the Royal College of Music, where
Mr. Holmes taught the art of violin play
ing and conducted the college orchestra.
Again, he has contributed importantly to
the musical literature of the day, with
two symphonies— "Fraternity" and "Bos
castle"—many compositions for strings,
cantatas and other works, besides a lav
ishly edited edition of the Spohr "school."
Mr. Holmes' career here is well known,
his pure and delicate art and unswerving
devotion to the highest Ideals generously
recognized. He has lately been ill, of a
long and painful Illness, and to mark their
esteem and the festive day of his re
covery a small army of the best musicians
has combined to give him a testimonial
concert this Week. He knows nothing yet
or their generous purpose, nor will until
after the event, and it is now "up to you"
and to me to see that there shall be some
thing for the venerable artist worth hear
ing when he does know. The musicians
nave done their part, as the following
generous programme amply testifies:
ENGLISH VIOLINIST FOR WHOM
LOCAL. MUSICIANS HAVE PLAN
NED A TESTIMONIAL CONCERT.
"No!" positively affirmed the' little-
Pierrot. , r 'lt is one foot, gesture is the
other, and gesture comes a little first.
Take a prominent
actor), what is the matter with him?
You don't know? But it is that while
his lips speak his body is dumb. Most
actors do not know that they have a
left side. They cannot do this, and this,
and this, . (illustrating with fluent hand
and hip and shoulder the expressiveness
of her accomplished left), because they
have only been taught to use the other
side. But, consider, half of the whole
vocabulary of gesture left unused."
"Where did you learn that you had a
left side, Mademoiselle?". I ask.
"Oh, at the Paris Conservatoire, nat
urellement," she laughed. ' • -
"How long does It take and what do
you do?" I auestion.
.-"Oh!"— with a roguish and 'audac'ous
glance— "we have not in' Paris any artis
tic sausage machine, you go in clown and
come out artist ¦• in two, three years !
Sometimes students advance slowly,
fometimetf quickly, but if one has no tal
ent the authorities will not permit you
to take the concours. And you must
"Then you do not think that elocution
is the foundation of the actor's art?" I
asked.- •
She came down In the conventional lace
dressing gown of the interview, with her
round, white shoulders peeping through
Its Interstices, and a couple of cerise car
nations in her abundant black hair— I no
ticed a vase full of them on the piano.
She greeted me cordially and after pull
ing out a chair for me. seated herself. So
did I, and suddenly became conscious of
hitherto unsuspected . angles and a
congenital awkwardness of the most
aggravated description. I looked at
Pilar Morln. There was not a
wrong line . about her from the
carnations that crowned her dusky hair
to the tips of her little French toes. The
angle of the head would have drlvenl Sar
gent distracted, her arms might have been
posed by Carolus Duran and the curve
from hip to ankle would have Inspired a
Parisian Phidias to marble ecstacies. I
am free to confess that I watched the
little lady with malice intent to discover
if the pose were' for interviews only. But
through a period of several minutes of a
conversation rather distrait I found that
Mme. .'Morln was Just* as graceful and
apropos in one' pose as another, and at
last I blurted out:
"Do you know how you' look Just this
minute?"
'.'Mais non! You mean do I think how
I look when I talk with you? Not at all.
But ,1 know now this minute when you
ask me exactly how I look to you— the
audience. I should know, for that is my
life work. The actor who has not learned
that has not learned the beginning of this
art," " and Mme. Morin fell into another
pose that made me long for a pencil and
the sense to wield it.
"But do not think that I think I can
sing," the piquant little lady finally Im
plored. And I promised her I wouldn't.
I had seen Pllar Morln only at long
range before the other day and found her
prettier In the full sunshine than behind
the footlights. She has a face of endless
possibilities, with Its large, round eyes,
black, sparkling and accomplished, deli
cately arched brows, mobile lips and sen
sitive nostrils. But I hardly think .t
would make much difference to Pllar Mo
rip what kind of face she had. She can
make one think that she has any sort of
face she needs for the moment, And I am
not at all sure that I know' anything
about It, only so far as the eyes go. I
swear to the eyes.
I WAS probably not the only person
surprised to find on Fischer's Hat of
musical couudliinn thin week tho
name of Mme. Pllar Morln. the
French pantomtmlst that Daly sent
out to us hero in "IVEnfant Prqdlgue." In
the dnva of the old Baldwin Theater.
Among those ourprlocd la Pllar Morln her
self, who had vowed never, no, never? to
use her pretty little volcelet In public,
without any effect, however, upon Man
ager Frlcdlander's Intentions, she told
mo no the other day when I went to aee
her In the modest little suite that she now
calls home, and seemed' more deslroua
that I should understand this small fact
than any other one thing In her artistic
history. I told her what I thought, that
there is no reason for any undue humility
In the connection, that what there Is of
the voice Is true, pretty and well used,
and that there is more • to follow with
practice. Further, that musical comedy
rnrely Implies music.
It is worth while for teachers and school officers to reflect that the school days of Ameri
can youth are the formative period for lasting sentiment toward that which is manly, that which
is excellent and of good report, and that this influence may proceed from lessons learned, rather
than from dry criticism,\analysis: and routine.
John Hay has himself produced much noble literature in poetry and prose, and from his
fond reference to the fountain no longer affluent in the old school reader it is evident that he goes
back to that source as the first inspiration of his muse and the model of that good taste and ex
pressive method of which he is a master.
Ihese were the readers referred to- by Mr. Hay. Iney were full of patriotic, history ana
poetry. Pitt's reply to Walpole was a peculiar stimulant to youthful ambition. Wirt's description '
of the blind preacher was a" lesson in faith and religion that is to-day an influence in many a life
that is drawing toward the end. "Tell and the eagle taught respect for freedom afid.for all life."Pat
rick Henry's speech to the Burgesses fixed in man) a youth the highest style of oratorical expres
sion, and shrill more firmly impressed a. lesson in patriotism. Hamlet's soliloquy promoted philos
ophy of mind, and Adrian's address to his soul excited a lov^e of the classics and gave birth to sober
reflections upon the ineffable and unseen; • " , '
Scores of other selections examined now by the; critical eye reveal the old school reader as
an educator in all that is best in taste^nncl highest among the proper motives of life arid rules of
human conduct. It is'remembeted, too, that in the study of those books their most important
use \va$ considered by the teacher to. be the imparting of the sentiment expressed in their selec- *
tions. Their pages were not peppered with diacritical marks. Pervaded by the sentiment the %
young reader's own impulse and emotion soon adapted manner and style of reading to the
lesson conveyed by the text, and his love of what he read was not evaporated in weary training
in the modulation, inflection and emphasis, which came to him as the natural expression of feel- -
ing. In these modem days the fine sentiment of Milton, Mncnulay and other masters of style in
literary expression is lost by using them, as grammar lessons, and compelling a dissection that
destroys their sentiment."
True we have more books and they! ;>re more accessible than in those days, but one may
well wish there were fewer books and |)ett^r. It was a fine generation that was inspired by those
old readers. One can hardly find a gray man or woman whose life began before the middle of the
last century that cannot »repeat from memory lines from Tell and the apple. Casabianca, Marco
Boz2aris, Burke on the American Colonists, Webster's reply to Haync, and nearly alt the lessons
in reading which were s thc pleasure and delight of their school days. But none of them can sit
down and mark every letter with its proper diacritical value. If the present generation retain to .
its close the critical analysis of a reading lesson, at the expense, of its sentiment, it will still be lack
ing in something that adorned and dignified and enriched its predecessor.
JOHN HAY'S description of the conditions from which President McKinley emerged to
* fame and passed into enduring history strikes a responsive chord in the memory of a genera
tion that is passing away. . ).
A half century ago, especially in the West, there were not many books, but the few
in* possession of a frontier family were standard. The old \ school readers Were frequently the most
valuable part of the pioneer's literary, possessions. The first one remembered is the "Columbian
Orator," under which rather pretentious title were furnished a series of exercises in reading, that
formed an introduction to history, biography; and literature. When this was succeeded by the
THE ¦SOHOOL T^Ell^JD^BUE^. '
ARTISTS COMBINE TO GIVE
VENERABLE MUSICIAN
A TESTIMONIAL
PILAR MORIN'S APPEARANCE
IN MUSICAL COMEDY
SURPRISING
22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; STJKDXy; MARCH! 2^ 19p 2 -
TH E S A N F RANG I SCO G A LI .
•JOHN D SPnECKELS, Proprietor. ' . Address Communications to W. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .... 1 ........ .:................ .' . ....'. .). ........... .... .;"... c.. ,;-;¦;•; ...... ...... MARCH 2; 1002
Publication Office . . .' . . . . ... ... . ... .'. .... <£vt i»j££> • • • • • » • • • • .". . . . ¦ ;•• . . .'. .(.... Market 1 and'Third. S. F
'^^iM^^^i^Ml^M^^Mm^^^ to conclude that the
n«| time he comes to the United;. States he will take a lookafthecountryfrom the Pacific
side of it. . ft' 4 i V- ' . ¦"¦ ¦
¦'."-¦ - ¦ . ¦ \ '^*tf*'? ''.'*'" .' ¦' . ~ - . ' ¦ ' ' ¦ '¦ - . ¦ • ..... , •' . ¦
By Blanche Partinj^on.
By GuisarcL
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau . (Allen's), 610 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
{ Townsend's California glace fruits, 60o a
pound, 'in fire-etched boxes: or 'Jap. bas-
kets. ,A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market et., Palace Hotel building. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W 77»
CBpectal Cable from London.]
LONDON. Saturday.— "London and. In
fact, many parts of England are again In
the grip of influenza. Medical, observers
eay this Influenza epidemic, like. the first
one, originated In Southern Russia, trav-
eling across Europe and leaving a terri-
ble record of death or disablement In its
train."
All serious epidemics of Grip have
traveled rapidly westward, and this epi-
demic can be expected . here before the
1st of March. Prepare yourself by carry-
Ing in your pocket a bet tie of "77/' Dr.
Humphreys' Celebrated- Grip and Cold
Cure. Taken early, cuts it short prompt-
ly. "77" breaks ui> stubborn Colds that
hang on and prevents Pneumonia. At
Druggists, 2&c, or mailed.
; Hsmpnreys' Med. Co., 91 John et.. New Tork.
ADVEK.TISEMENT9L
A WIFE ,<
A PIANO
Two things should occur but onc« In a llf«
time— the choosing of a wife and th« chocking
of a piano. "We have lold thousands of pianos
and we stand ready to live up to our guaran-
tee and satisfy any customer who is not per-
fectly satisfied. We are now moving into our
nsw building and hall, the .most artistic on th«»
Pacific Coast, and on account of the dampness
of the waits, which Is liable to ruin our pianos.
we are going to rent, stors or sell fully 100
pianos within the next two weeks at prices
lower . than • could be made by any other con-
cern. We can do this because we are the only
factory representatives on th« Pacific Coast
and ar« selling at wholesale margins just as
lo^as any other dealer could buy th* goods.
We will guarantee to duplicate pianos ad-
vertised from $183 to S275 for $137, and any*-
piano ordinarily sol* for less than- $183 w«*
• will sell for $98— all new goods.
Why. have w« sold morn pianos In the last
two weeks than any other concern? - Becaus«
our prices are right, our terms right, ana we
have not been trying to sell cheap planes at
comparatively high prices for such goods.
We .are closing out all our slightly used
pianos, among which you will find the follow-
ing makes: Chickertng. Heine. Stelnway, Hal-
lett & Davis, Knabe. Conover. Haynea, Sher-
wood. Weber. Shaeffer, Fisher. ¦ J«wett, etc.
"We . are renting good pianos, new one* for
$3 a month upward and selling . them $5 up-
ward. ,
Some Special Bargains:
1 Wm. Bourne $23
1 Gobersteln A Fuller 35
I Rogers & Bacon. jn
1 Fisher :.. 63
7 Steinway 9163 to 343
6 Heine 193 to 675
S Chlckeiing 143 to 3OO
3 Haynes 16O to 245
2 Conover 23O to 240
1 Hallett & Davis / 365
5 Mason & Haxnlln 295 to 335
« Sherwood 115 to 10O
All uprights In good condition and guar-
anteed. ,
HEINE>
I jSf PaSl Hfftaa KM trail K3» 69
Ma p8J< JDiTrWi ¥n aQi it * 1
-COMPANY, -^
OEARY ST., Opp. Union Square*.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's,*TA.COMA, March. L— The richest copper
mine ever - found ln Idaho has been lo
cated by the merest accident. Its lucky
possessor has' now uncovered a fifteen
foot ledge of ore which averages more
than 50 per cent copper, besides contain
ing good values in gold and silver.
Two weeks ago, while hunting on the
Idaho side of Snake River, John Ludlcker
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Chance Shot. Yields For
tune to an Idaho
Prospector.
BULLET BEVEALS
COPPER LEDGE
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on dates men
tioned examinations will be held in'. San
Francisco and othep places for the fol
lowing positions: March 7, 1902, electro
typer, Philippine service; salary, $1400 per
annum. March 19, 1902, messenger boy,
Weather Bureau; $15 to $30 per month;
age limit, 14, to 20 years, but the depart
ment desires ellgibles between the ages of
16 and 20 years. March 25-26-27, 1902, deck
officer (classes 2 and 8), Coast and Geo
detic Survey, Philippine service; age
limit, 18 to 25 years. Apjil 2, agrostologi
cal clerk, Bureau of Plant Industry, De
partment oV Agriculture; $720 per annum:
April |-3, .1902, Local and . Assistant ,. In
spector of ¦ Hulls, steamboat -.inspection
service; $1500 per annum; age ; limit, 25 . to
55 years. Persons who. desire to compete
should apply at once to. the secretary of
the local board of examiners, Postofflce,
or to the United ' States i Civil Service
Commission , Washington;: D. - C. , ¦ for : ne(>
eesary application forms, which should be
filed for the messenger, examination In
time to ship necessary papers from Wash
ington* for deck officer not later than
March 16; for Inspector of hulls by March
22; for agrostologlcal clerk by March 22,'
and for electrotyper .as. soon -as com
pleted.
Civil Service Examinations.
SANTA CRUZ, March 1.— The Pescadero
stage had a narrow escape from a disas
ter yesterday, and that no lives were lost
is remarkable. Twenty miles up the
coast the stage travels along the beach,
which, at high tide, is often covered by
water. Yesterday the ocean was higher
than at any time ln thirty-five ye^rs. In
the center of the beach it is very rocky
and rough, with water on either side.
When Driver James Harvey reached this
point a monster wave dashed against the
stage and upturned it.
For two hours the horses, Harvey and
the single passenger, William Steele,
floundered in the cold waters of the Pa
cific. Fortunately both men were good
swimmers. The horses were cut loose and
found their way to dry land. . --•.
Help arrived and after several hours'
work the stage was turned over. It was
badly demolished. The vehicle weighed
1600 pounds and was hard to handle. The
top nad been broken off -by the wave, the
iron on the tongue snapped and the dou
ble-tree'brdken. The iron rim around the
hub struck the rocks with such terrlflo
force that it was bent as though of tin. ;•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Wave .Carries Disaster
to the Pescadero
Coach.
Young Ladies and Gentlemen Spend
a Pleasant Evening Despite
. .the Storm.
The first entertainment and dance to be
given by the society known as the Na
tionals took place last evening at Union
Square Hall, 421 Post, street, there being a
good attendance.
An excellent programme was rendered
and included specialties by Ed Gensler,
recitations by Miss Hussey, duets by
Flora and Carl Stern, a comedy sketch
by Phil Leff and selections by D. Walton,
Miss B. Bryson, Barron and Baby Zenda
Kiefe.^ Muslo was , furnished by an or
chestra and dancing was kept up until an
early hour this morning.
The entertainment was ln charge of the
following: , • . .
Monroe Stern, president j Carl H. Craner,
manager; B. Jacobs, treasurer. Committee —
Gus Jacobs, floor manager; Carl Craner, as
sistant floor manager; Ed Gensler, Joe Brltt,
Ed Kane. Phil Lett and William Barry. Re
ception committee — Misses Fannie 1 Lerner,
Mamie Cuneo, Kittle. Waters and Rosa Fried
man. ' ¦ . .
STAGE TOPPLES
INTO THE SEA
"NATIONALS" ENTERTAIN
A CROWD OF FRIENDS
found a piece of noat rock, which exam
ination showed to be almost pure copper.
The same afternoon he missed his footing
while shooting at some game and the bul
let from his rifle broke off a small piece
of rock in the hills some distance ahead
of* him. Curiosity led him to examine thl3
rock and It also proved to be copper.
These facts determined him to make a
thorough search for the ledge from which
the copper specimens came. He accord
ingly returned the next day with hl3 two
brothers and began systematic prospect
ing. Their search was rewarded by the
finding of a fifteen-foot ledge on the moun
tain side. Some parts of the ledge are
streaked by veins of native copper six
inches to a foot in width, which are 95 per
cent pure. Ludlcker has refused a laxga
offer for bis claim.
New Political Club Formed.
The Theatrical Employes* Political
Club, union labor in complexion, was or
ganized Thursday night with lil mem
bers. The following officers were elected:
President, S. D. Simmons Jr.; vice presi
dent, F. B. Williams; secretary, William
G. Rusk; treasurer,- Charles Batterman;
sergeant-at-arma, Charles Haughey;
trustees, Thomas H. Andrews, William
J. McCarty, Benjamin Simmons, William
Flnley and John Quarrells.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yester
day in the United States District Court
mb follows:
Thurston L. Williams, farmer, Pleasan
ton, liabilities 11981, no assets; L. n
Douville, contractor, Stockton, liabilities
$453, assets $68.
Petitions ln Insolvency.
Mrs. Hartwig-sen, Who Bought tlio
Old Man's Home, Will Not Op
pose the Petition. - :
A petition was filed yesterday in the
Superior Court by Rev. Dr. H. F. Briggs,
through Attorney Monroe, asking that the
aged Methodist minister. Rev. S. D.
Simonds, be declared an Incompetent and
that letters of guardianship over the per
son and estate of Mr. Simonds be granted
to Dr. Briggs.
The petition set forth that Rev. Mr.
Simonds is nearly 90 years of age and that
he is incapable of caring for himself or
his property and that the only relative
he has in this city is a grandneice, Mrs.
Dr. Edith C. Wells of 1603 Church street-
Presiding Judge Carroll Cook assigned
the petition to the probate department
! and the matter will be heard in the course
of a few days.
Rev. Dr. Briggs stated last evening that
Mrs. Hartwigsen, who bought the home
of Rev. Mr. Simonds at 935 Clay street,
! would make no opposition to the petition.
! As soon as Rev. Dr. Briggs is appointed
{ the guardian. o£- the aged-, minister- the
I clergy of the Methodist church purpose
making a thorough Investigation as to the
I manner in which the old man sold - his
property for $2000 and if necessary to in
voke the courts to set the deed aside.
GUARDIAN IS ASKED
FOR REV. S. D. SIMONDS
Frank C. Jordan of Alameda County
has many supporters in th© northern part
of the State for Clerk of the Supreme
Court
The northern counties, by the way, In
tend to present a candidate for. the nom
ination for Surveyor General, In the per
son of J. W.- Kaerth, th© present County
Surveyor of Colusa.
"Whether this eleventh hour exhibition
of concern for the welfare of the up-river
people will soften their pronounced op
position to Gage remains to be seen.
Daniel Kevane was most affable, if the
others were reticent. He took pains to
say through the newspapers that the
State would expedite matters all It could
toward paying its share for constructing
the Yuba dam, and that the reason the
administration hadn't acted before was
that It didn't have the chance.
Kevane Does the Explaining.
Gage is attempting to repair his shat
tered fences in the rural districts of
Northern California. He has riot failed to
notice that whenever the farmers or or
chardlsts in the upper part of the great
Sacramento Valley- have talked politics at
all they have, regardless of party affilia
tions, expressed their opposition to . him.
One of the great needs ot the wheat
growing and fruit-raising sections is the
completion of the Yuba dam, a few miles
above Marysville, the purpose of which is
to hold back permanently the- millions of
tons of mining debris which has accumu
lated in the Yuba River in the past thirty
years and which now with every freshet
washes down into the channel of the Sac
ramento River, impairing navigation, and
spreads at times or overflows upon valua
ble lands and blights their crops.
When the Congressional Committee on
Rivers and Harbors was here last spring
to see whether it should recommend that
Congress give $150,000 toward the- dam.
Governor Gage did not concern himself
enough about the interests of the farm
ers and orchardists to accompany the
Congressmen on the river trip, nor did he
take the trouble to acknowledge the invi
tation sent him by the Chamber of Com
merce to do so. On Thursday of this
week the people of Marysville were
dumfounded by the arrival there of a
party of special emissaries of the admin
istration, including Daniel Kevnne, secre
tary of the State Boar! of Examiners;
Dr. W. P. Mathews, secretary, of the
State Board of Health; W. W. Wag
goner, State Debris Commissioner,' and
Dr. W. J. Hanna, an employe of the
State Board of Health. As there was no
epidemic in Marysville, either present or
prospective, the townsfolk were nt a loss
to know what was the; occasion for the
visitation and the Gage missionaries vol
unteered no explanation to the general
public. A reporter suggested to Dr.
Mathews that he may. have come to
Marysville to feel the public pulse, but
the doctor failed to see the point of the
remark. Senator W. M. Cutter, another
faithful Gage adherent, joined the partv
and all took carriages for Smartsville. '
Gage Is Repairing Fences.
More than anything else, Clark wants
his warm personal friend and business
partner, Al P.' Booth, • nominated for
County Coroner. Colonel J. B. Wright,
however, is disposed to recognize the
claim of the incumbent, George C. McMul
lln, for renomination and he cannot for
sake him without practically acknowledg
ing Clark as the dictator ln the councils
of the party. It might not be thought
that there should be a split ln the Repub
licnan organization of this county over
the recipient of a nomination for one
minor office, but such Is nevertheless
among the recognized probabilities. »
Governor Gage is interesting himself in
the situation only to the extent of mak
ing himself "solid" with both sides, in
the hope that whichever wins he will get
from it all he wants— a pledged delega
tion ln the State convention. His award
of the Bank Commissionership. to Colonel
J. B. Wright is deemed by the adminis
tration followers to have been a master
stroke. That equal honors do not await
Mayor George H. Clark at the hands of
Gage is said to be due to the fact. that
the genial Mayor wants nothing at pres
ent that the Governor can give. The
Mayor has been credited with having as
pirations for the nomination for Railroad
Commissioner, and he has not disclaimed
the ambition.
Booth-McMullen Contest.
There is great activity in political
circles over what is deemed the certain
prospect of the convention meeting here
and the efforts toward bringing about a
settlement between the two contending
factions in the local Republican forces are
being pushed with renewed vigor. As yet
there*, has been no reconciliation between
Mayor George H. Clark and Colonel J. B.'
Wright, who lead the differing factions,
but politicians predict that an agreement
will surely be reached within two weeks
at the farthest. Upon what terms such
an understanding is to be brought about,
however, not even the wisest of those "on
the inside" appear able to say.
SACRAMENTO. March 1.— It Is believed
to be practically settled that the coming
Republican State Convention will be held
in this city. Although the Republican
State Central Committee has not yet for
mally fixed upon the place, nevertheless
all of the members of the committee who
have been approached in the, interest of
the capital city have pronounced them
selves in favor of its claims and it is con
ttdently believed that the-battle ground of
the gubernatorial contest will soon be
transferred to Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Governor's Emissaries Are Coquet-
ting With Both the Clark and
the Wright Republican
Factions.
Now William. Lotts is looking for his
father's grave, but old timers say -his
search will prove fruitless. The Missouri
River by its gradual encroachments has
washed away the graves and the ashes
of the dead have years ago been washed
away to the Mississippi and then into
southern waters.
It was ln 1865 that the party left Helena
under the guidance of Nat W. Burrls, the
founder of old Gailatin City. The Terri
torial Legislature had authorized the es
tablishment of a new town- to be called
Ophlr, at the mouth of the Marias, and it
was for this purpose the men journeyed
thither. They laid out their crude town
site, and were making preparations to
erect a large warehouse. They were all
engaged in cutting logs in the thick tim
ber, just above tne Marias, unapprehen
sive of danger, when a band of Indians
under the command of Calf Shirt and
Mountain Chief descended upon them.
Every white man was slain and not a
brave bit the dust to pay for his treachery.
The most deplorable ' part of the affair
was that,, the day- after the tragedy, the
families of two of the murdered men ar
rived by boat from Weston, Mo., to make
their homes in Montana, only to be met
with the heartrending news that fathers
and husbands had been slain. The bodies
of the ten men were buried near where
they fell, at the foot of a high bluff along
the Missouri, on what is now J. D. Wolff's
ranch.
Lotts was only 2 years old at the time
his father, with, ten other men, made the
perilous trip into the Montana wilds and
fell victim to the treachery of the red
skins, the tragedy having occurred at the
mouth of the Marias, about twelve miles
below Fort Benton.
HELENA, Martin 1.— A -pathetic quest is
that of William Lotts of Gibson, 111., who
seeks the grave of his father, who was
killed by Indians many years ago In a
lonely part of what Is now Choteau
County. Lotts has written to Mayor
Crane of Fort Benton, beseeching thelat
ter's assistance.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Delegation Either "Goin'
or Comin'."
Hopes to Oatch the Capital
Missouri River Has Probab'y
¦ • . . ¦...
Swept Away Remains
of Victims.
Gage in Quest of Po
litical 'Possums in
Sacramento.
Son of a Northwestern
Pioneer Recalls Old
Tragedy.
SETS TRAP
THAT WORKS
BOTH WAYS
SEEKS GRAVE
OF HIS FATHER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 2,^ 1902.
23
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ITNOTSUFfi'
any longer from stomach, liver and
bowel complaints, when Hostet-
ter's. Stomach Bitters will cure
you. Get a bottle to-day and be
convinced. It will bring health to.
every sufferer. Try it for dyspep-
sia, lndigestion f constipation, ner-
vousness or insomnia, and you will
not be disappointed. The genuine
must have our private stamp over
the neck of the bottle.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
AI5VEETISEMENTS.
No External
Symptoms.
j ¦ ¦ • -
The Ijlood maybe in bad condition,
I yet with tno external signs, no skin
eruption or sores to indicate it. The
symptoms in such cases being a variable
appetite, poor digestion, an indescribable
; weakness and nervousness, loss of flesh
and a general run-down condition of the
I system — clearly showing the blood has
lost its nutritive qualities, has become thin
and watery. It is in jnst such cases that
S . S. S. has done some of its quickest and
most effective work by building up the
blood and supplying the elements lacking
to make it strong and vigorous.
" My wife used sev- #^^^8t
eral bottles of S. S. S. $&r**iiE&k
as a blood purifier and far
to tone up a weak and f^&M
emaciated Eystem, with V *f^^S^A»
very marked effect by l£iJer~^§iftjf;IL
vray of improvement. M^^^^^m
"We regard it & J^^^^^^1
great tonic and ' blood J^JKCTJSBHJlllgSfcg
purifiers"— J. F. DUFF, <f *ff^^^^^^"
Princeton, Mo. *
Sffih £S& l^ e greatest of all
I&l^ VlZ^ toQ i cs . an d you will
»^^ k.^^ find the appetite im-
QgJF proves at once, strength
returns, and nervousness vanishes as new
rich pure blood once more circulates
through all parts of the system. /.'
S. S. S. is the only purely vegetable
blood purifier known. It contains no min-
•erals whatever. Send for our free book
on blood' and skin diseases and write our
physicians for any information or advice
wanted. No charge for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA. .
The "Dr. 3M •IP- ilden Electric'
Belt" (with '3&>2'c ' * « s p e nsory) ia
guaranteed rf**- to possess all the
curative properties of the expensive belts >
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
a very strong current of electricity and is
»aslly regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT. Cir-
cular free. Call or address FIERCE, ELEC-
TRIC CO., 206 Post St., San Francisco, or
1145 Broadway, New York.
——————— y
SUMMER RESORTS.
BA r STATJB HO USB,
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS. LY-
DIA MATHISON will open the Bay State
House and Cottages for the season, newly fur-
nished and refitted. Those who Jcnow the lady's
wide reputation for pood cooking: will - readily
understand that the table will be the chief
feature of the menage of the Bay. State. ' The
hous« is beautifully situated on Beach Hill,
close to the bathing beach. An attractive home
for either the summer or winter at moderat*
rates. Open the year round. For terms ad-
dress:. MRS. LYDIA 11ATHISON. Bay State
House and Cottages, Santa Cruz, Cal. . ; <
Gatarrh Cured at Home
3^r. Blosser, who has derated twenty-eight yeax»>to the treatment of catarrhal dls-
FSSJBSSg^^^*^ eases, has perfected the only satisfactory treatment ever discovered for the absolute
W&BgffiSBXS&JSK&j^fiSjK curA ot catarrh, catarrhal deafness, bronchitis, asthma and kindred diseases. He has
fMmJBB&fflE&lB^S^b had un P* raJ l«Ied success, having cured cases of 15. 30 and 25 years' standing. In which all
. WJfflw&%ffilfy5Z&l&Bm^ other treatment had failed.
WmmKB^^^^^X \ .His favorite remedy is now prepared for self-treatment, and 13 sent by mall direct
J^M^^^^^^ \ to tIla patient. It can b« used ln your home> office or about your dally work. It consists
\ of a combination of medicinal herbs, flowers, seeds and extracts. It Is a perfect anti-
f*«|P|i|||PipP^ • \ dote for the catarrhal poison or germ, and Is perfectly harmless and pleasant In Its effects.
Wfim^ A Contains No Tobacco.
WjifflMif- /t\ Et> Blosscr's Catarrh Cure contains no opium, cocaine, tobacco or any Injurious
ggggs^f /Jr\ drug. It Is smoked ln a pipe, and Is thus converted Into a dense medicated smoke
|»SRir I which Is inhaled into the mouth, throat and lungs and exhaled through the nasal pas-
vKffl//i **T sages. The potent and penetrating extract of the remedy 13 thus applied directly and
lajj/m L^^^rffiO^tilrT^ I ' thoroughly to the affected parts ln every cavity, cell and air passage ln the nose, head,
gMy^\^Sk^^0f^^f^^^\ ' No other method or remedy can reach and cure catarrh ln all parts of the air passasrea.
t^^» &. M Samples Mailed Free.
fSz^ * i^aSag^E^^?Sp»j^\. \ f^JI Send us your address and we will send you by mall, absolute-
%^^j^iH^rSS?«^ C! 7^) - '5Ki 1 } TI?/ ? '\ Cfi'Ti ly free> a trlal P acl « a »e of Dr. Blosser'a Catarrh Curs and a
#1 ' W^ 1 / J^jJi neat llttle P'P e ln whlch t0 smoke the remedy.
&!f'jffi&r^~-m~Z2Siyfx\/^ &^^«*i Glve our free sa m P!e a trial. It will cost you nothing, nnd
sr£l. f jr-S^ — JL !<*?;•¦ p*-F>i •*¦ ESV^- SJJ. we will be pleased to have the opportunity to demonstrate to
kffSjO«^ a—^SLjL_' wi*' & c5" ~*"^Sf >' ou the effectiveness of our remedy. You will find It Just as wo
>¦ ?^C i'iT ni^*if - jr J jTl^_^ w !!y ft-^ C^* iSf represent It. Those who try the sample generally give U3 an
l^feTv • i <^r T^^fik^B^ Ci "*- iw We have received thousands of unsolicited testimonials. It
p l VW ia ' &^T JHf cures 95 out of every 100 cases. Write us for a consultation
¦S ¦ The Medicated /' nui iwr odic uy i^rum^ibib.
C3*^ -W B « m t i>««^.u«.« J ' you need a remedy immediately and wish to give ours a
'• . MBh H rno »*© tt©acn©8 good, fair trial, send ua at once $1.00 for our regular box, whicn
BsffS <^w Eg q|| th© Air contains one month's treatment.
SfjgM BiiuLMjiSS^fJE^lu^-^ r " Blosser & Son,
" 342 Walton Street, Atlanta, Ca"
A. U VEBTI5ELIENTS.
The above picture serves to illustrate
our Patent Xon-Bulging Full' Dress
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
Collars in various heights as indicated
in above cut suitable to be worn with
cur Patent Non-Bulging Full Dress
Shirt. Ask your furnisher for them.
English Welt
Wing Collars.' latest style, in two
heights. See above cut. Ask youf
furnisher for them.
GEO.P. IDE FCO., Makers.
SAN FRANCISCO BRANCH. ;
516-518 MABKET STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO.
[4 Expert opticians to serve 1 B
|; | Factory on premises. 3
i.j Oneofthe few places where g |
H proper attention is given to M
M the fitting of glasses. M !
W 64 2^TiARKET St. V
TO XHE PUBLIC.
I bare been wonder-
* i^sssSaO^ fully cured of fits and or
I3j3p"«Ci| tip trouble by the :a-
W&i 7U muUE herb doctor. Wong
V3&C; i Him, of 115-117 Mason.
3/P * / et-« S. F. I was nearly
G-. rSXi 1 dead when I came to
MS/Smf Hm and the flu I had
JnTfrn Jl_ were dreadful, but I am
a/Lwl^*" 0 '^ j5^v enjoying perfect health
a/JG&>*J now. I can tell any on.
vVvsf^ivSv « f tne wonderful cure*
•^U'-vS.!'"'' he has made tor. me.
I came from Meridian, Butter County. CaL. ;
to Dr. Wong Him and he has cured me of all
my Ailments. MRS CHAS. E. DOTY,
Meridian. Sutler County. CaL
January 21. 1002.
EAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6. 1900.— To whom
% 5t may concern: This U to certify that DR.
WONG HIM of 115-117 Mason st.. Ban Fran-
Cisco, has cured me ct kidney troufcl* and
rheurn&tism, and I em nappy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
ln every sense of the word, and an honorable
man ln all his dealir.se. DR. C. A. GAY,
Dentist. 902 Second ave.. Seattle, Wash.
December 15. 1900. — This is to certify that I
was eufferlr.r for fifteen years from Bright' s
olse&se of the kidneys and a tumor on my left !
side I tried a number of doctors and variou*
remedies without affording me any relief. That
clx months a«o I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason Et.. San Francisco, and now
alter six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of X>r. Wong Him and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad to
certify to this in person to any one that may
call upon me at my residence.
MRS. JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave.. Elrohurrt. Alameda County, CaL
EC3 Sk §3 >d9 Ibm9 BQh fl^XSB SA 1uS^% sfif
b'd. MIL'S KElSVlGOHATORpragl
£' r ; ¦!• b'A la."? in 21 hours. Five i$£ltj!£jt
hundred reward for any case we bhBB ¦¦«
cannot cure. This secret remedy " n tx
cures Emissions, Impotency, g3 E"m
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. 7? fl 7Tfi\
Strictures. Drains, Lost Man- iliA Mai
hood ftri'l sll ',thf-r wasting ef- fc»a X^A
fects of self-abuse or excesses. BK "i.T-;V.*a
Sent ee&led, %'i bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Cal) or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, S55 Broad-
way Oakland. Cel. Also lor sale at 1073^
Mf rk«>t St.. S. F. fiend for free book.
©I»RjfiJM»% TM ' 8 CPIGUtM
»T^*55n K£D nr.ii Gold metalli« boxM M&lad
4§i UhUo ' rU ' botl - ?«ko to other. Bcf a s«
j?1 2^ 7$ J>««S»« > «s ftufctUt atlo«. and Imlto-
I » B E^n*?. !>'<••«>•«. Te.tt»o«UU
\y D> ««><1 "getter fcrL»4le.,"«»l«rt«r,t/r»
-/ •aDr. w l«*. Cklcb«.t«-Oliw io>IC»;
'¦['" . _ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
STERLING FURNITURE.
|rffcjT| m^U I Ij" 1 "; Last-a-Iifetime Upholstery!
I Illiltl^YW 5 "'"^-SSl'V^ 1 f * rg? TJ / How lVs Madc Is Q uite as Important as HOW IT LOOKS I
dll vMM$sML » $ \ ''' - y '-l~L~^~-'— n "-^ ' ' 'n Pretty coverings are very nice (in the store), but^for ser-
II Wmfim rai'ffi >' *^^^%i^^^p^ || j T "|1 | vice vou want more than P rettv coverings— stout spring, Rood
An Extraordinary Good Bedroom '. v^^S^ fl^ 111 ••«
- Made of golden ash' throughout. -Broad panels in the head- « B %. • \ C/~~~ \^~~ l Ir I In I
board of the bed. A beveled French plate mirror in the bureau, ' • l_ a . ~ -' ~ . i' ¥ i L_/ -" -*rf V 1 — \ ft] • fin A «
< This set is not exquisitely carved, but it's strong and well I wj 'I IW/m
finished and has a smart and stylish appearance. , j' 1?J] » / \myJah\
Opportunities to furnish a bedroom for $15.00 are not.com- L m I WffliM
rrion nowadays, and you could shop the town without finding _ _. . _ %V _. ' \ mitt I f/^lvA
its equal for a third more money. ROIIlQll CtiaiF KO 01311 Liiair fifthly //Mg$&
We charge $1.00 additional, on out-of-town orders to pay .$3 75 $5 00 T \**^4«p rjl P$c,
for packing. ' * V ' ' • ~
» ,_. tpi-j «a /\CC *l- T\ !7~~1 ' t\ • ; fi ' Two P retfc y chairs that appeal to your good taste.
JUSt 4>/.DU till mC JUCgUiar PriCC OI We sell them to you for less than the retailer can. buy simi-
Tl; n tilf^t lYS#* Tfc± < «,l«_.~**'.J - l ar LOOKING chairs for from the Eastern sweatshops.
I MS iJOVnCing Big mCnmOnCl. The frames are of polished mahoganized birch, put to-
a iwcgp. • _ j?ether to stay
|fciT^^^^^'' :: T^^^-—^^^ — . Full spring seats cdvered in dainty silks or embossed ve-
jf^ 9 • 15x21 Inches and framed j L&'f-f** — - '
fadf m m . • - ¦ -' I A I some of the. most cele—
V Aj^L—^^== — »^j -' ¦ 111 brated pictures In Euro-^
« LJj . . pean galleries.
We really have one pattern too many— three patterns, only • C> *
$2.50 apart. ' ! I (T Grandfather's Busts and . ij-j^
There's the trouble. Customers wanting a better range buy J^ I ' La, ' Clocks. Statuary. i^Bfe-
one that is $5 or $10 better and skip this one. 'rirflr^^^^ N °. theydidn-t we've iu»t ?i|^5^3?
» We have quite a number of this pattern on hand, and to . M -J/SfKI !£&££ ln bn! SSw^otthSS Hpl
. close them out we make this unusual cut in the price. wJi £/ /SSAVj they're very good beautiful classic if VJ>
Remember , it's fully , guaranteed-if not satisfactory^ every tf \ // lf% ffV f ,S h€ M^ri S h and ¦ Jf JC
respect we will refund the full price paid for it— cheerfully and ' I \ ln weathered oaM Arabic group*, ir \\
without quibbling. ¦ 1 ( ' I 1 an< * *** Joined Card receivers, • f5> I ,\
ft,,,.! C*^«IJ».- if ,-..., t1 \\ . I rl (J together with some of them — >t '. \J
USVal MerillKl AermS. • l\\ k , . S\ *. wooden do well graceful Oriental
»v i g*i* *v*\, ¦w-wr « l\\/a Ov \\\^y| -.Pins Instead of figures, holding mW^T
HkR (\(\ T\fYt*Tn 9inn Sll OH 7% \Hf*/y\r SIM nalls - tra y or tambou- liVyf
. y ¦ J_ ¦¦_ ww **» .jfcXH YffiCsal shelves for steins Prices a, r • g£-* \
- — w\ • ••*••!• r» «••«... lU^ft == ? and Delft plates, much lower than I -
Some Har^ainS in Toilet Roman Stripe Portieres. >^i Tt 1 — : — — j f. Not expensive. you're accus-
: • / ««?«. • » inches wide. heavily I ' '* * 36 - * 5 °- tomed to
g JCIS. fringed, reversible, PER . . — — — — —
__ PAIR 83.15 TV I' f* x '¦Jf • TT 1
! /^^> §£&¦< M^^^m Roxbury Carpet, 75c a Yard
'''J*^&/i < 3P2LH)l\i\F! old. rose and -scarlet, with- 8- / c .. \. , , , /.
j^iC/fECXjttrfcizyf \\^> Incn Fren ch tapestry bor- •• Sewed.- lined and laid.
• U^C»fkyTTiK!i<ft^?*v!lL" der3t PER PA IR-""-86.3O No strings to this offer. It means any yard of Roxbury in
&^^4aU^A Anybody Can Alford a Cozy the store.
sj^ «^ tew. YOU CAN COVER YOUR BOOM FOR $3.00
l£F^e2 Ue wAU*S£^^ With that SEAMLESS REVERSIBLE MATTING we are {
$1.75 Roman stripes we are selling selling at 15c A YARD. •. j
12-piece toilet sets (slop jar in- at 45c and 55c a yard. We sell it only in rolls, 20 yards or 40 yards to the roll
eluded) in blue, nile green or terra ¦'. J *
cotta and white. $5.85 ' * ¦ r ¦
¦ P 1 JLrKl^irNVj WELCOME
FURNITUKE COMPANY,
FOR THE HOME. 1039 MarKct St., Opposite McAllister. CREDIT.Private Squabble Leads Up
to Publicity of Re
mount Scandal.
Encouraged by the Re
cent Defeat of the
¦
Boers.
BRITONS HOPE
TO END THE WAR
• OUTMIUK, O. T., March 1. — A destructive
prairie fire near Fort Cobb, in th« new country,
did Great damag« to 100 homesteaders, sweep-
Ins; away their Improvements, stock and all
personal property and compelling; tho peopU
to flee for their lives.
No Preference Will Be Shown
At the Bee Hive, where the very latest
styles of shoes for women and men (reg
ular $3 60 shoes) are now being sold for
$1 85 ' a pair. These shoes are made by
the beat manufacturers In the United
States, so be sure and come around to the
factory sale of shoes for a $3 60 shoe at
fl 85 a pair. 717 Market at., near Third. *
The receipts of the Recorder's office for
February were $3S77 65. a gain of 5S09 90
over February, 1901. There were 2309 doc
uments of all descriptions filed, of which
707 were deeds, 29S marriage licenses, 323
mortgages on real property, 153 mortgages
on personal property. 108 builders' con
tracts and 265 releases of mortgages. '
Recorder's Monthly Receipts.
THK HAGUE. March 1.— Queen Wfthelmlna
ha« asked the Premier, Dr. Kuyper, to an
nounce publicly that tho rumors regarding the
alleged unsatisfactory state of her health are
absolutely unfounded. '
•LOS QATOS, March 1.— One of the most
brilliant social functions* of the aeason oc
curred last evening at Almadale, the num.
mer residence of James Flood, In the Bun
.ta Cruz Mountains, four miles south of
Los Gatos. • The affair, was under tho
management of Mr. and Mrs. James A.
Sanderson, Mr. < Sanderson being superln*
tendont of tho Flood ranch. The house
and grounds were decorated with flngs
and ferns and illuminated with electric
lifrhts and Chinese lanterns.
The grand march started at , 9 o'clock
and wan participated In by forty couples,
lfed by Mr. and Mrs. Sanderson. Shortly
after midnight a banquet was spread,
after which dancing was resumed and
continued until nearly daylight.
Residence of James
Flood.
Dance and Banquet at the Summr.r
ALMADALE THE SCENE -; }¦?£
OF SOCIAL FESTIVITY
"I cannot comprehend why a situation
which has been made so clear to the com
pany should have caused such a flurry
of excitement among its shareholders
when presented In th# form of an official
cablegram, unless they had construed tho
notification to mean that the Colombian
Government was not yet prepared with
Its terms of transfer to the Government
of the, United States."- .
WASHINGTON, March 1.— Dr. Silva,
the retiring Minister from Colombia, to
day made the following statement: '. . '
"The Panama Canal Company, through
Lrfimpre, its secretary general, and others,
was informed some thne ago that It could
close no deal involving the transfer of its
rights to any nation without first obtain
ing the assent of the Colombian Govern
ment, the grantor of its concession. This
matter was made very clear. The Colom
bian Government, gave the company the
right to Initiate negotiations looking to a
transfer of its rights to a nation, but
never to finally close such a deal.
The company's officials are annoyed at
the anti-American nonsense expressed at
yesterday's meetings of the shareholders
and explain that -the speakers were a
noisy few who regularly create trouble,
but who only hold a very small number
of shares. • ¦
The hope Is expressed that- the diffi
culty will be arranged and in the mean
while the company will maintain its'of
fer to sell . its property to . the United
States and' will continue the negotiations
on the subject. It is not considered prob
able here that Colombia will oppose the
sale of the canal property to the United
States after giving its assent at the open
ing of the negotiations and confirmation
of its approval of the negotiations having
been received In a letter from Senor Sll
va, the Colombian Minister at Washing
ton, to Admiral Walker, January 11. In
view of this letter it is considered that
IColombia is offering an affront to the
States by now opposing the trans
fer. . <
PARTS, .March 1.— The officials of -the
Panama Canal Company are still with
out any explanation of the dispatch from
Colon, Colombia, announcing that the
Government . would not allow them to
transfer, its concession to another nation
without S the assent - of Colombia to < "a
modification of. the stipulation of articles
21 and 22 of the company's agreement
with Colombia, and a cable message will
be sent to Colombia to-day asking for
an elucidation of the matter. V.'-y
Insulted. •
Sam May Have Been
Officials Annoyed and Uncle
Action m Panama Canal
Matter Causes Con
. troversy.
SAY COLOMBIA
OFFERS AFFRONT
Premier of France Very 111.
PAHIS, March 1.— The Premier, Wal
deck*nouii*eau, whoae carriage was ovar«
turned In a collision with a street car Ihhi
nlKlit, imcFi-d 11 feverish night. He com
plained this morning of great pain in tin*
Hhoulder, and preparations are I»«Ihk
rnude to •xitmliKi It with Hoentgen rayi»,
i'i< *t«1«-nt 1,0 11I. Mt thII.'iI id i)i« Premlor'H
rtiNldeneg to^Jay. but tha phyaldan In at
t••ndi«nr« roriindtt hl§ admfgilon to th«
ttlck room.
I'fnr Drrttli of Xing Leopold.
miMHUfA.H, March 1.— Th« condition of
Kins Leopold, who )inH b««n ill «lnce hli
return tiercj from the nivlora, In earning
anxiety, The physicians in attftnduneo en
bin MsJpHty deny thftt hid uymptomi ura
kcHoum, but the frequency of their vltlti
ha* slven rleo to dlaqulotintf rumorf.
I All the women clerks In the office of In
ternal - Revenue .Collector Lynch »hed
tears ¦* yesterday afternoon until visitors
thought that the roof wan leaking when
John C. Lynch presented his retiring
chief deputy.. H. N, Krlck, 'with ft' gold
wut'ih and (main donated by the attaches
of tha ofiica and told Mr, Friek how much
ho ftnd..they.«8t«?omad hls^friendHhlp and
how sorry they were that/ ha whd l«(ivlntr
them, Mr. Frlck reepondcrt feelingly nnd
them was, another deluge from the lady
cl«rki. Tears «tood In the fcn of even
the most hardened of tha main ctarkN. for
Mr. Frick has endeared hlmaelf te all hl«
fallow attftehfl*. ¦ .. -.
George Wrlaht, who hag-Wen acting aa
caNhler In tfio office, entered upon hb
dutl''rt »« chief deputy yenterday nnd John
M. I'latt lias b«en appointed cnihler. Mr.
Platt wan formerly cashier of tha Callfor
tdu. Wine Ansooliitloiu
Collector Lynch Presents
a Watch.
In the Name of His Fellow-Clerks
CHIEF DEOPUTY FBICK
. BETIBES AMU) TEARS
The Grand. Jury ignored the charges
against J. H. Roberts andi H. B.- Lewis
of subornation " of perjury in th$ matter
of- the timber land frauda^in Plumas and
Sierra counties. The charge against
Ablgon Bueiz of smuggling thirty-two
cigars was Ignored. ,'
Deltrich^von Duerlng, for opening letters ad
dressed to Mrs. Robert Prelti;«J. Duffy, for
aiding 'and abetting the landing of • Chinese
coolies Illegally; Frank D. Burton, for smug
gling, opium; Charles Pickett, , Fred D. RoB
inson,' Patrick O. Dwyer and Chris Aanstod,
for conspiring 'to mutiny- Mike Marakichl. for
smuggling; Summerfleld Bassett, for Importing
Agostina Morales to this country for Immoral
purposes and for committing an outrage on her
on the high seaa; Mrs. Kate Hair, for being in
possession of seventy-six counterfeit dollars,
and Man Foo, for aiding and - abetting tha
genuine iMah Foo to be Illegally landed. '
Tha Federal Grand Jury Presented Its
final report to United States Judge de
Haven yesterday morning and was dis
charged. ' The jury found indictments
against the following named persons:
Against Violators of Provisions
.V- of Federal Law.
BAtch of Indictments Is Filed
FEDEB AL G^AND JURY
BETURNS FINAL BEPOBT
LIVERPOOL, March l.-i-The Cunard
Steamship Company has refused to sign
the passenger rate agreement because the
Morgan syndicate insists on a clause per
mitting two new steamers to engage in
the Liverpool-Boston service, which the
Cunard people import would be a formid
able opposition to them. The steamers in
question are the Mexican and thi- Haver
ford, chartered by the Dominion line from
the American line. A war of rates is ex
pected.
Bate War Is Now Expected.
• The statement published In Los Ansrlea and
San Francisco papers, to the effect that I' had
been employed by the Government to investi
gate violations of the Sherman act in this
State, or elsewhere. Is false, and it is not true
to my knowledge, that the Attorney -General
ha* directed proaecutlons under the Sherman
act against the corporation." above, named and
other corporations named in the dispatches and
article* mentioned, except possibly, no far a*
the old cases pending at San Francisco may in
cidentally Involve -that act; and it Is not true
that I have been employed by the Government
as an attorney or otherwise in any other matter
or thing than In the cane* above-mentioned,
which are pending In the court* and have been
for several year*. '
The fact that I am special attorney for the
Government in certain land grant cases and
have been appointed special assliitant attor
ney in ca*e« about San Francisco, 1* well
known and of public record In the court*. Th*
fact that the suit* In San Francisco have b.*eh
pending for several years and that among the
defendants are the Southern Pacific Hallway
Company, the Central Pacific Railway, the At
lantic and Pacific Railroad, the Weatern Union
Telegraph Company and the Southern Pacific
Company, and that the Issues in those suit*
relate to the validity of certain leates rondo
to. the Southern Pacific Company and to tho
Wertern Union Telegraph Company, are all
matter* well known and of record, and have
been for year*.
LOS ANGELES, '¦ March 1.— Attorney
Joseph JT. Call of this city has made trie
following statement in reference to his
alleged connection with suits said to be
pending under the terms of the Sherman
anti-trust law:
gaged to Investigate Violations
of the Sherman Act.
Attorney Call Says He Is Not Eu-
EXPLAINS HIS CONNECTION
- WITH THE MEBGEJJ SUITS
LONDON. March J. — The officials of Uie
BritUh Chartered South Africa Company, of
uhich Cecil Rhode* is managing director, deny
the report, circulated in the United States by
a news agency, of the death of Mr. Rhodes.
Lord Kitchener says that it is reported
that over a hundred Boers, killed or
wounded, were carried off after the at
tack on the blockhouse line February 24.
Those figures, however, cannot be veri
fied, so they are not Included In the total
of 81!.t. Apart from the losses of the N«w
Zenlnnders, tho other British casuultloa
were enly one officer killed and four men
wounded. .
Oh the best Informed opinion the Pall
Mall Gazette prophesies the end of all
serious hostilities In South Africa, by Sep
tember and this is rather a pessimistic
than an optimistic view. Judging from
uqtJL Kitchener's progress this week and
the well-founded rumors, of General
Botha's personal inclination to surrender,
the practical end of tho struggle may con
siderably antedate September.
A curious light has been thrown on the
remount scandals by a high official of the
Government, who says that, whatever the
merits or the demerits of the case, it
would never have come up had not a pri
vate squabble arisen between the mem
bers of the House of Commons. Accord
ing to this statement one member sent
in a bid for horses, which was refused in
favor of a Newmarket firm. Against tha
latter the disappointed bidder and several
racing members of the House of Commons
had bitter grudges. A cabal waa formed,
quite regardless of party lines, and a de
termination was arrived at to make the
Government suffer for giving contracts to
a man who waa not in favor with the
aristocratic Parliamentary racing set.
These personal grievances apparently had
long been common talk In the lobby of the
House of Commons and tho bait thrown
to tho opposition by the disgruntled
Unionists was eagerly taken up with the
resulting exposition of the horse scandals.
NEW, YORK, March L-Fuller details
of the plann of the syndicate of New
York and Baltimore bankers which will
reorganize tue leading sireet railways of
San Francisco came out to-day.
The main and constituent lines of the
united roads to be reorganized comprise
about 230 miles of road. Thin property
will be taken over by un Investment com
pany organized under the corporation
laws of New Jersey. \
The Investment company will l.«sue fl.>.-
WJ.000 of five ptr cent cumulative pre
ferred stock and $5,(fJO.OO0 common stock.
The united railways will issue $20,OO0.W0
of 4 per cent bonds, and these stocks and
bondu will be underwritten by the syndi
cate.
In IfOl the net earnings of the roads
which figure in this deal were $2,083,153.
The amendment which was not accepted
is that imposing the tonnage taxes of the
1 iilu-«l States upun foreign vessels en
gaged in lnterLsland tralllc In the Philip
pines. The House conferees also refused
to accept the proviso connected with the
Senate limiting the operation of the »edi-
Llon laws of the Philippines, leaving that
provision to declare simply that "no*"'per-
Bon in the Philippine Islands shall, under
the authority of the United States, bo
convicted of treason by any tribunal, civil
or military, unless on the testimony of
two witnesses to the same overt act or
on confessions In open court." . > ¦ *
The part stricken out exempted mem
bers or a family from punishment for
falling to give information poncernlng the
treasonable acts of one another. The re
duction of 25 per cent on the rate of duty
is retained.
WASHINGTON, March l.-The con
ferees of the two houses of Congress on
the Philippine tariff bill reached an
agreement after one sitting, the Kcpre
sentative» of the House accepting all but
0110 of the material amendments made by
the Senate.
TACOMA, March l.—MaJpr Frank Terry,
Superintendent of the. Western Washing
ton Indian agencies, to-day returned from
Qulnault agency. lie reports that the set
tlers and shipping men on the coast are
making united efforts to have the Gov
ernment establish a light on Oranville
Point, three mllew from the agency of the
Quinault reservation. The location is
about midway between the lights at
Westport beach and on Destruction Isl
and. The lights are sixty miles apart.
Granville Point is a rocky projection
jutting out into the ocean, with a danger
ous reef. U has proved the destruction
of many vessels in the past. A life-saving
station in that locality will be asked for
also. The station probably will be located
somewhere near the mouth of Quinault
River, on the Indian reservation. The de
termination of the Indians to have their
lands apportioned and sold makes the pro
curing of a site comparatively easy.
gcrous Place on North Coast
Guarded.
WANT A LIGHTHOUSE /
ON GBANVILLE POINT
Shipping Men Working to Have Dan-
Justice of the Peace Dunn gave Judg
ment yesterday In favor of ¦ William
Koehler. who aued Frank Krause for ser
vlce« rendered In negotiating the pur
chase of a saloon. Koehler testified that
be found the place that Krause wanted,
but wus unable to prevail on the proprie
tress,, a buxom widow, to marry Kraua*.
who Insisted on that feature accompany
ing the sale of the fixtures. Judge Dunn
ruled that Krause's demand Involved ft
violation of the constitution, and so
found for Koehler to the extent of 110.
Widow Wa» Not in the Bargain.
MANY MILLIONS
IN THE CAPITAL
HOUSE ACCEPTS
AMENDMENTS
Every day durlnsr .March and April the Sant»
Fe will sell one way tickets from Boston, New
York, Philadelphia, Washington, PltUburK.
Cincinnati, Buffalo, Chlcaso, Kansas City, 8U
Ix.uis and all other points in the East at tn«
lowest rate* ever made one way to the Pactflo
Coast. If you have friends to come put your
money In the hands of any Santa Fe Agent.
who will aminire- for the trip.
Cheap Rates to California.
This accentuated danger is probably ap
preciated in inner Cabinet circles, though
it is overlooked or intentionally ignored
by the leading conservative organs allied
with the Rothschilds. It is said that there
are several other papers in London await
ing a favorable opportunity to come out
in support of Lord Rosebery.
Important developments in the . cam
paign are not likely to occur in the im
mediate future. It is. understood that
Lord Rosebery and his allied Interests are
willing to wait until the verge of the next
election before Issuing a definite pro*
gramme, In the meanwhile creating such
weapons an the recently formed Liberal
League, influencing defections among tho
members of the House of Commons, both
from Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman and
the Liberal Unionists, to Lord Roiebery'M
platform of cfllciency, imperialism and
liberal economics.
Lord Rosetoery's family connection with
the Rothschilds (Lord Rosebery having
married Hannah de Rothschild, the eldesc
daughter and heiress, of Baron Meyer da
Rothschild) and their frequent outspoken
dissatisfaction with the financial and in
ternal policy of the present Cabinet
strengthens the supposition, and - the
statement of the peer above. quoted would
stand against any number of formal de
nials, .and means far more than any mere
schism in the Liberal party.
"I believe it is quite true that the
Rothschilds now own a half-interest in
the Times. We (the speaker is a member
of the Government) can no longer rely on
the Times' support, and can only deduce
that the Rothschilds intend to back lip
Lord Kosebery's- movement with all their
millions and the othen resources under
their control.". : \
It is now. announced that far more pow
erful influences than appear on the sur
face are at work in behalf of that curious
yet all important development which has
ensued upon Lord Rosebery's re-entrance
into public life. '
The. remarkable attitude of the London
Times continues to such an extent that
this Unionist organ deliberately takes up
the cudgel ih behalf of Lord Rosebery as
against the Duke of Devonshire, who
himself is only half-hearted in his opposi
tion to the former leader. Yet so imbued
are the. British press and public with the
notion that the Times could never oppose
a Conservative government that these
outspoken utterances pass almost • with
out comment, and. such comment as ex
ists is confined to the "man in the street,"
who somewhat fearfully whispers, "Do
you think it possible that the Times is
going back on the Government?"
An explanation of this was afforded by
one of Lord Rosebery's fellow peers, who
is a personal friend of the fdrmer Pre
mier, though opposed to him in politics.
He said: - , ,
LONDON, March 1.— To successfully
diagnose the intentions and prospects of
the new Liberal movement under tho
auspices of Lord Rosebery was to solve a
puzzle which has every politician in Great
Britain by the ears. __
Attitude of the "Thunderer"
"Adds to the Oompli
'/ cations. -
Rpsebery's Purposes a
Puzzie for the Poli
ticians.
LIBERALS HAVE
BRITONS AT SEA
THE ,SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, SUSDAT, MARCH 2, 1902.
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.,
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
In detail, the Boer losses were fifty men
killed, ten men wounded and 759 uninjured
made prisoners. -. In addition to these,
LONDON, March 1.— Lord Kitchener re
ports to-day that, the Boer casualties dur
ing the recent operations amounted to 800
men killed or captured. General Dewet's
son, who Is among the. prisoners, was his
father's secretary.
24
AJ3 VEBTISEMENT3. /
Marvelous
Growth of Hair.
A Famous Dootor-Chemist Has Dis-
covered a Compound That Grows
Hair on a 'Bald Head in a ¦,.-
Single Night. '
Startling Announoeme&t Oinses Dootori to
Marvel and ttand Dumfounded at the
• Wonderful Cures '
The Dhoovorer Seads Free Trial Packages
\ '¦}'. ' to All Who Write.
After half a century spent ln the laboratory,
crowned with high honors for his many world-
famoui discoveries, the . celebrated -physician.
MISS HI3L0? of New Ztalsnt
and Her MtrTtlons Growth of H-lr.
chemist at the head of the great ¦ Altenheim
Medical Dispensary has Just made the startling
announcement that', he has produced a' com-
pound that grown hair on any bald head. .The
. doctor. makes the, claim that after experiments
taking; years to complete,' he has at last reached
the goal-of his' ambition. To the doctor all
heads are alike, There are none which cannot
be cusod by this remarkable remedy. The re-
cord of the cures already made Is truly mar-
velous and were It not for the high standing of
the great physician and tho convincing testw
mony nf thousands of citizens all over th*
oountry.it would teem too miraculous to ba
true, ¦.r&mHpHi/iKAirm*mpmtxM
, Them can l» no doubt of the doctor's earnn;t-
'ness In making hla'clAlms nor ran his cures 1<«
dlM|,uiKi, lie iiot-H not ««k any man, woman or
child to take his or any one elee's word for It,
but he stands ready and willing te'send free
I rial |.rtclum«» of tills (treat hair restorative to
any mi. who wrlin |» him t«r It, Im-loxlnv a
9*o«nt stamp to prepay po«U(f«. In a «ina;l«
night It 1ms it&rted hMr to grqwlng un head*
bAld fer yearn, 'it has stopped falling hair in
one hour, It never falls no matter wlmt llii
eondltlon, age <or up*. Olrt men < and youna
men, wemtn and children all have, profited by
tli- treei uh« of tltt« great new ril«8overy. Hf
you ere bald, - If your hair Is falllntr out or, If
your lislr. eyebrows or eyelaxliee km thin or,
dhcift writs th* Alifnhelm M«1|cal Dlspennary,
6010 flutterfleld bunding, Clticfhnatl, Ohio, ln»
cloning a S'Oent. stamp to tirepay pontage tor
a, frt* pAckagft, abd In a short Urn* >ou will
kit sntlrtltf rastot-td.
ADVBBTISEMENTS.
EXTRAORDINARY MERIT
Of a New Catarrh Cure.
Physicians are slow to take up new and un-
tried remedies, until their value has been es-
tablished by actual experiment, and they arw
naturally akepttcal of the • many new pre-
parations constantly appearing; and for which
extravagant claim* are made. , >
The rrost llb«ral and enlightened physlclani
are always ready, however, to make 'a fair
trial of any new specific and get at Its '.true
medical value.
A new prsoaratlon for the cure of catarrh
has attracted much attention -in the past few
months and has met with great- favor from thu
medical profession, not . only because It Js re-
markably successful ln <he cure of , catarrh,
but f.lso because It is not a. cecret patent med-
icine; any one using It knows just what he is
takl.is Into his system. \ *. !
. It i« composed of blood ¦ root which acts on
the blood and. mucoua membrane, hydrastln
for same purpose to . clear the mucus . from
head and throat, and red gum of eucalyptus
tree to destroy catarrhal germs in tlie blood.
All of these antiseptic .remedies . are , com-
bined In the form of a pleasant tasting 'tablet
or iczvTge, and are sold . by dru^grists under
n.inie »f 8 tu art's Qa*Arrli Tablet*, and many
recent 'tests ln chronic catarrh cases have e«.
tablUhed Its merit beyond- question/
!>r. h.lirin_r states that be ha« discarded in*
haters, sprays and washes anii. depends ' en-
tirely upon Stuart's Catarrh Tablets In treat'
in* lineal catarrh, He «aysi "I have had
patients who had lost th«;' sense of smell en>
tirely, and v/hnie hearln v was also , Impaired
from nasal catarrh, reeoyer ,compl»te|y after
, a few weeks' use of Stuart's Catarrh Tablets,
I have been equally sueceasful with the remedy
In catarrh of the throat And catarrh of tht
mmuHtU. X ean only ezplaln It on th* prlnei.
pl« that eatarrh Is a eonstltutlonsl ' dli>«a«9,
and that tha antlwptlo eroiiertiej in theM tab.
let* rtilv th« eatarrbal polien completely gut
Dr, Od«ll my», I hava eur«d many »««¦ o#
eat&rrh ef atemaeh In pa»t f«ur months by
th« «•<• at Stuart's Catarrh TabUts alone with.
imt »i» u«« of any eth*»r , ramedy and < without
dletlnir. Tho tablets ar« tNpeeimiy useful jfn
imMil cntarrh and intHiih of th? throat, clear*
inK-ttie metnbran«i and overcoming tha con*
tintiHi hawking, (soughing and etpaetoratlnf.
*<> dl«gustln« and annoying, to catarrh «ufx«r<
#m« * . *
: . EXPfeBT OPTICIAN. \
No Eyeglasses
LEAVE MR. GEORGE MAYERLE8 OPTI-
cal Institute unless ABSOLUTELY COR-
UECT.
Additional honor
CONFERRED BY ADMIRAL DEWEY
AND REV. FATHER AUGUSTINE
McCLORY, SAN FRANCISCO.
It given me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. Oeorse Mayerle of 1UT1 Market
street, tJs.n Franclscu, istrictly as a f kllliul and
expert optician. My sight began to fall ln 1877, ]
twenty-five years aro, and ulnce that time I .
have been wearing' glasses. I consulted a prom-
Inent optician ln Chicago, Dr. Holme*. At dif-
ferent times since that I have had lenses fitted
cm in Bt. Ixrols, Cleveland, O., and also tried
the Firth avenue opticians tn Plttsburg;, who
claim to be among the best ia their line ln the
country. I do not hesitate to say that I have
met with better and mor« satisfactory results
with Mr. Mayerle than with any of the above
named, who hare much higher pretensions. Re-
rpectfully,
FATHER AUGUSTINE McCLORY. O. F. M.
Ft. Boniface's Church,
115 Golden Gate avenue, Ban Francisco.
ADMIRAL GEOKG£ DEWEY,
Who used Mayerle's glasses during the Span-
ish-American war, and Is Mill using them with
much satisfaction, highly recommends "Mr.
George Mayerle, and sends the following testi-
monial:
Mr. George Mayerle, German Expert Opti-
cian. 1071 Market *t., 8. F.— My Dear Sir: I
am etlll using with much satisfaction the
Clares rou sent me at Manila; also, the new
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Yours very truly,
george; dewey.
•^8^. NOTICE!
. /V6s9%^" NEGLECTED EYESIGHT
AFfECTS THE BRAIN.
Trade Mark.
Mayerle'a Glasses cannot be had from any
traveling optician. THE GENUINE must be
ordered direct from GEORGE MAYERLE,
Graduate German Expert Optician, 1071 Market
etreet opposite Hlbernia Bank, 8a.n Francieco.
Telephone South S72. German eyewater, 60c.
Mr. George Mayerle has no branch stores, nor
does he employ any traveling opticians to rep-
resent him.
TUB KYK AtiU HMA1N. *"•"?
• ¦ Alt fit efcriljilS-.il" or Mall 'trijrrp tOT PlIt>Tl'>r
Qualify Ky^iMM* fhftMld b« ordored direct
ttow u~.ft« M»r*rU, 1071 Mark*t it.
(Tb« wrong Clemen will ruin tha ttroocttt «y«i.)
* ¦¦
cut Ti«i oxn. .
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ____J S^^ - (
In , — . ; °
New T^. T Latest I
Madras |\^ (P\S/ - Designs in
Cloth ' *• ? t Linen
In PJoIn __ ,__. _ Batiste t
I Stripes and \ A/ Q CT ill • ond Crash I
P Over ioo exclusive novelty designs in point de brus- j
3 sels, in pink, green, corn, blue, nile and tan — this is an ex-
| tremdy. fashionable wash fabric for waists and dresses, open •¦
I work effect, with mercerized stripes, something entirely dif- , r
| ferent from anything you have ever seen — an elegant variety
I to choose from 25c Yard
I Black Kersey Cloth—
H A grand material for a swell tailor-made stitched walking skirt, eton
0 jacket, or raglan — guaranteed fast black, lustrous panne finished sur-
II face— every thread wool,' 52 inches wide and very heavy— sponged and
1 shrunk if desired— a grand $i..50 / fabric— sale-price .Oac Yard
I Black Silk Iron Frame Alpaca— • ;;
H An extra heavy quality for underskirts, traveling dresses, bathing
H suits, shirt waists, etc.— a brilliant silk-finished black, absolutely guar-
i anteea— 47 inches wide— genuine English iron frame weave— the .
1 that always sells at $1.00— on sale this week »Oc Yard |
I Black Camel's Hair Zibellne—
H A guaranteed fast black cloth— full 37 inches wide— good heavy weight,
H suitable for outing suits, separate skirts, etc.— a cloth equal in every
a respect to any ever sold at 60c a yard— sale price, beginning to-mor-
M row ...' ;... ooc Yard
h Black Wire Serge—
H A splendid dust shaker for summer wear — guaranteed fast black, will
H not crock, every thread wool and full 52 inches wide— just the thing for
m shopping dresses, tramping skirts, etc.— sells everywhere at 73c and 85c 3
H a yard— sale price this week 5Oc Yard
H / See our window display this week for novelty tucked dress goods, I
a a new fabrfc for skirts, shirt waists, etc. — this goods comes all ready {
y tucked and is in Roman. Persian and silk corded effects, which answer $
|j for trimming — very original and very handsome,' but must be. seen to
Ftl be appreciated — all the latest street and shades, in crepe
|l -de venise, corded albatross, tucked creporiette, Persian, crepe de
|| chine, etc. — 75c, $1.00 and.... $1.23 Yard
a The above item*, are for safe at Market-street store only.
I Black Silk Grenadines.
II • A feature at both stores, the best valucof black silk grenadines
II -that has ever been offered to. the buying public of San Francisco, will
M be placed on sale at both our stores for the first' time to-morrow.
H These are the very newest effects, with heavy ribbon stripes, full 44
II inches wide and actually worth $1.25 yard.' Grenadines will be the
el fabric of the year, arid this will be the bargain of the season — begin-
H ning.at 8a. m. to-morrow.. .!......» '..05c Yard
¦ ...'"-' t ' ¦ - ¦¦- - : - .-•¦^•¦'"¦- ¦" ' ¦ : *-y
BQ'. m juuimiiMiJJuiiiiJ ' L _¦¦¦¦! " °
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
More qj Jongfe J&eeis
fomfis Jgntf 3 fopy s J&SSl 8 J&SS^
WOCDLAWN MAPLE SYRUP.
{XnriA {^USSk-r^^Si Alfpltitelyf fdna'8
W/T^^^Tl I ' Madc of
ill Selected
JottgS W^^m Map e Sugar. JotwS
IliPtetel Tfacon.y <?^V
m$pmW$ nil genuine Maple
*IN half-Gal, and
—^Z^^U ! |P ' Quart and
y^ - *"^-^Jr Pint bottles. y^
JongS c 7 Jongs
SARATOGA DRIFS. N
The Sweetest
and Eest Syrup
JongS , Made, v 55^^! JSii?
J^^ It Makes Fine p^^^ I j' C^* 5^
JpngS halfSa!. 1 JS!^
,* LONG SYRUP REFINING CO., •» .
c/SQgS Eighth ani Brannan Sts.,
* San Francisco,
Phone, South 486.
JongS Jong* Jq!&S <^t^ Js**Ste
All Grocers Jell Jhem
ADVEKTISEMEUTS. .
Ladies Cure
Tobacco Habit
Mrs. Emma Wing. Mendon, Mich'.,
> Tells How Easiy It Can te Done
- Secretly at Home.
Trial Package Mailed Fr e to Ml Who Send
.-. Name and Address.
"The one box of Tobacco-Speclflc you sent ma
over three months aco cured my husband en-
tirely of chewing and smoking, and he has not
No Mors SrrjoKe or Dirty Spittoon* In Our
riome.
used tobacco since. Tou remember I "hod to
give the medicine to him on tho sly, in his cof-
fee. -It Is the nicest tobacco cure ln the world.
It saved my husband's life. How thankful I
am te you for your remedy. Before I gave him
the Tobacco-Speclflc his heart was so bad that
he could not sleep of nights, and he was
troubled with his bowels most of the time. We
thought' his nerves were gone, but they were
not, for Tobacco-Speclflc brought them bock as
quiet a» a child's. He sleeps now like a log,
and looks so well that every one speaks about
it." Mrs. Emma Wing. -
Men who have smoked and chewed tobacco
for years have marveled at this oasy way to
quit tobacco. Cigarette flends who have tried
without rewult all the drugs and anti-tobaccos
known have found their desire for tobacco In
any form entirely vanished In a few days with
this wonderful remedy so that tobacco Is pos-
itively distasteful to them.' Write Itogors Drug
and Chemical Company, 3034 Fifth and Race
sts., Cincinnati, Ohio, for a free trial package
and see. how easy It Is to quit tobacco. You
can put It In any food or drink without any
danger of discovery, for it Is tasteless and
harmless, but It cures forever and at once all
d<«ilre for the tobacco In any form. ,
A Discovery of a Remedy Has Been Made
That Restores Lost Manhood and Gives
Man the Vitality of a Lion.
One Week's Trial Package Sent Free to All
Men Who Write For It.
• Regenerative Tablets 1. the only recognized I «ff ect .„„ the patient torts th# benefit aft*
po.ltlv. and permanent cure for Lo 8t Manhood It. tint day". u»e. It roes direct to the .eat
In all. Its forms and stages of th(? tr0UbIe( no mAtttT ot how , onf |Und .
It Is scientifically prepared by the best ehem- Ing. giving strength and development where It
Ists In the world. The reputation of the in- Is needed. This marvelous remedy banishes all
stltutlon Is such, that all physicians know feelings of bashfulnew toward th* opposite se*:
when they stand »ponsop for a remedy, that cures all th. Ills and troubt.s that come from
remedy mu.t be exactly as represented. And early »Uu*e. exee.. or overwork and bu.lne.a
when upon their reputation they make the state. e*re». ait of which re.ult In premature lo.»
ment that Regenerati™ Tablets will eUT9 « n of , trenrt h.and memory; •missions, impotency
eaueg of Lout Manhood, Spermatorrhoea, Varl- and vurUreele, Regenerative Tablets will ef.
eeeele or weakness of any nature of the. nerve r«et a cur- at any age; there Is no case that
or sexual organ., « cure must be pomtlve ana It will not «ur. p*rm.*»ntly except where
P«rman«nt. This Company will a end every *plt«>psy or insanity hu* atieatty be«n reaened.
parium who Is Buffering ; from nervous <1la«naru Irnllottla Lynn Co. niHkw no r»»trletUina; every
* week's treatment absolutely free. There ia P ar " on f nt * writes will be sent a week's treat-
hut 0D« tMt Of ft genuine m»dlelne ,wi ,k , ffl * nt ¦J ) » 0|lltfll / , rrM » n «l P««tp»l4, farefully
u i tha " VmSu whleh Si JbSSS L*^ 1 th(lt wrB ,PP -lt n ,» p ' flln P«'k*M wlih no artvertl-lnj
* in» re.uiis ™i»™ »« OBWineri by lu Ua4 . tm It to Indlettta-what It oonUlna. Th«v have
lf.lt cures tho (IImam fop whleh It I* prepare.1 rw-lv-it thiuwtnd* nf letters from people all
It Is a true remedy. ThU.ls the test by which " v-r lh * •'"B""'}' t*llln« »t th* rni-u •stonUh-''
the . rallepia Lynn Co. .wish thetr ,,,L wilu. ln * e " Tp t I?*' 1 * *% Rfuxneratlve Tablets. Their
?nUu£ am& S. 1 « - w '&» »•"»*«*• r^.^u.?tU^^ #f ?U B rtt.^r ? r»^
IZ nH >£S ir! \Ti^11 " tht """"''win r.iinpm Lynn Co.. no Pmsoiii huuiliur" it
find n«W vigor In hll e«»n»; n«w force In his Lfiuls, Mo.. «nd revive the week's treatment
mmeUsj n«w btood In sis v«ln»j n »w ambition- tr *V lh " lp . tKK)k » wnl '' n •» «'«> tn« and sent
* n«w man m yluilty, htalth and app«ar*W ? { l H ,*£! /, rf " ,i r * a . tm#nt ' . wUI «PWn now to
lirgenerativ Tablet, ha. apeculUrty^auJui .Su'alXial* 1 ™" 11 '* P f W * U •»*•«•»«»•THE SAN FR^OISCO CALL^
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAR— CALIFORNIA.
The OuUlde Bar Bell Bufey, entrance to
Humboldt Bay, California, la reported mUelng
February 28. It will ba replaced as aooa as
practicable.
Thia notice aflecta the List of Beacons and
Buoyg, Paclflo Coast. 1802, page 82. .
By order of the Liehthoua» Board. .
J. B. MILTON.
Commander, U. S. N.,
4 Inspector Twelfth LJt"lHhou*a Dlatrlot.
BAN PRANCISCO LIGHT VESSEL No. 70.
CALIFORNIA.
Notice ia hereby given that Ban FVancUco
Llcht Veaael No. 70, which recently went
adrltt, was replaced on her atation February
28, about 8V4 mllea outalda of tha bar off
the entranoe to Ban Francisco Harbor, Call
tornla.
Thla notlo* affecta the Llat of Ughta n'i<
Foe HlBnola, Paciflo Coast, 1U02, pa«a U, "
SO, and tha List of Deaoona and Uuoys, i'u
clilc Coaxt, 1002, pa?s iu.
lty order of tho Liiththouae Bnard.
3. II. MILTON,
¦ ' Commander, U. B N,,
Inapeetor Twelfth Llshthoua* Dlitrict.
£L'NDAr. MAIICH 2.
the city front (Mltalon>itr*ct whurf ) about
twrntv-nvi. mlnutm later than at fort 1'olnf;
thi» hfliiht nf tidy In thf iiniMI both placaa.
NOTE— In the above espoiltlon of ih« tlda«
ilm early moinlnr tide* ara given In the left
hand column and tlia wucceailva tldoa of tha
day In th» orden of ocrurrrnca aa to tlma; tha
fourth tlm* column alvea the last tlda or Hit
day, ncpt when thrr* ar* but thn-e tldai, at
tomntlme* occur*. Th» lirlirhti alvan ara In
addition to 1 lie- loumilriKi of <h« Itnltr.l Htataa
Cnait Hurvry pharta. racapt wh«n a mlnua (— 1
«lgn pwfdM tha h»Ul)t. ami ihrn tlia numti, r
Klvm It Fiintrartrd from tha depth vlvtn by tha
charla. The plnn« nf reference In the intan cf
(h« lower Ipw watera. ' »
Bhippinff IntelliBence,
AHRIVaD, I
P-tmr P(jmon», Ph»». IB t>Qiir* fpom RHre)<a :
TMnr.rnft, vi« ijlallsm 180 lieuFfi I'ert QoHn
flilMfi
HimF flFynwwlpW, fialtmfrs, fpom ie«, with
l<fe(n Mnfi»;\vfsi In taw:
Point Awns, If«ns§n, IB heuFi fFom
M*ngnrln*» »n*1 way nfiftis. . ,
U H iifflp Muifh Mf^iillyh, Falling! mm
? •I'rv In in* rum- iiFUnuwfek.
Kun rl»p» , , .6:40
Bun avta ii:oi
Moon rl»ei (third quarter) 1:02 a. nt.
O ,l;iw* ,lim»; itlroa ITtraa
5 )--- --J Ft ! Ft. Ft. I- 1 Ft.
»Jll W| |L W| JH W |L W| . !
2 4:Bfl "4.7 12: OT ~l7i T:17 *HT7lll:40 3.0
S 5:riii. 4.(1 1:00 0.9 8:18 SO
L W II W L W II \V /
4 0:4S ».O «:4S 4,fl 1:47 0.7 »:00 4.1
5 Ijffl a.O 7:45 4.7 2:ni ».»; inn 4..J
n OtM 2.n -Rtrtft 4.fi a : 1 2 0.6 10 : 10 4.0
7 BJlB 2.U 0:21 no :i : r»(i 0.4 10:41) 4 0
S 3:6S 2.2 10:10 5.1 4:.'iO 0.6 11:17 Bio
FROM 8EATTLB.
Farallon..." BkaVway A Way Porti. Mnr. 4
Dolphin ..... BkflRway ft Wny Torta. Mar. 0
l,°rtha. Cooka Inlet A'Way Pta. Mar. 7
B Thompton. Cooka Inlet & Way Pta. Mnr. in
KemSaty;.. Cooka Inkt & Vay Pt». Mar. Ifl
TO BAIL..
Sun, Moon find Tide.
UBllfd Rtttti Cnait an-1 Oroilntla Hiirvjy
iiinr. and iirifci.t. of High sml I.«w
WKtri at Fort I'olnt, •nireno to Han
lKii.un. n*y, riii.ii.iir-1 by efdolal au>
Ihnrliy of tha Nui)*rltitrndmi,
MOTU-Tlia liltli and low wal«ra ocrur al
TMfl linrkontinn Northwest, whose hard
strnlts wern mmlii known by Captain Hall
nf tho st«nmnHlp Qtuxin, reached port yen*
tarday morning and. wns at once 'docked
nt Oakland lonir wharf. 1 Tha 'harlc«nttn«
hud .threo foot of wjittr in htr hold and
Brunswick Brings In Northwest. /
Strainer. Dmtlnatlon. . |Halli. r*iar.
-"""* ' Mnrch 3. I 1
laaua .... Ilumboldt ......... | 3 pm|Pler 28
LuJin...V. *u*n euund i J on.. a u...,..., a
romoi.a.... M|i ruh 4. >
COB , ,.. y Ban 1'rdro A Way.. V am Pier 11
m niif/r" Oraya Harbor ..... fl pm J'l«r a
r, 8 . 1 ' 1 *"' M.i.dwi.io City.... 8 pmii'ltr j;i
assiv.-.-. ggpj>S is -sks is
artu:: *«»v ll '* b 1 "'o: 1 "' 1 " T" "
nival Wlllaj-a Hnrbor ... fj pm|j»l*r 'J
% a i( . A P r n.... u,,m«
J. Klmbill. »«*5,V?oI»'tT* 1 ' l ° ° m Plef U
llnnlta v.win.ri J; *•»«" Ja IZ&W. \\
rurar.o.... Mexican J'orta .... 0 am Her It
UmaUlla... 1'uuei Mound I'orta. U am I'icr 0
Pt. Arena.. Point Arm* ...... 3 pm VUr -4
lila Hamburg fi WM.. ;¦¦••. I'Jfr 10
Man Jo»»... Ponama & Way J'Ip 13 m MHS
Alameda... Jlonolulu .......... J pm H«r J
a. W. ki.Im Aatoria *' I'orilatid 11 amjPUr 34
North Kwrk liu«^«Mi ••._•••; •, • m j p j* r • *.
Paleni Vtlp«P«lin A Way.. 13 miPjer 10
Manrtalav.. roqullla Nlver ....lflum rr 9
riiy Purlila »»««<-t Pouivl Voru It om I' er U
llainlcr.... Uraitl* A N, What. 6 I>m PJrr 3
Mnroh 1». . „..«,_'
Coptlo China * Japan.... 1 pm PMBS
FORIBION PORTS.
VICTORIA— Balled Feb 28— Stmr UmatlUa.
for Hnn Kranciaoo. • • ¦ ¦ r
EAST IX)NlHiN— Arrived Feb 20— Dr ihlp
Lady .Isabella, from Ori-eon.
DUNO UN E88— Arrived Feb 27— Oer ahlp
Pera, from l'ort Ulakeloy, ' • . ' . ; '
IQUIQUK— Arrived Feb 2S-Bchr Kona, from
Coqulmbo, to load' for Honolulu. • I
HANTA HOHAMA— Arrived Feb 20— Uktn J
M OrlfOth,' hence Jan ' M. > . • ' -• .
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 1— Btmr China,
henca Kcb 7. • • ¦ ' • ¦ >•' '• "
VANCOUVER— Arrived March 1— Oer bark
Pal'aa, from Santa Roanlla.
QUKHNSTOWN-i-Arrlved Fab 2&— Dr ihlp
Knt«ilhorn, henca Not Hi. March 1 — Hr uhlp
Cambrian Illlla.hanba Nov 10; Fr bark Nan
ten, from Oregon, . ' . .
Hailed M-.trcU 1— Dr ahlp Engelhorn, for
Fleetwooil. • , •j*»«<A\l|***'<l}»* < '«> > "r«l
TKNBHIFFB-Arrlv«d Feb 2S—0«r itmr
Tot men, ¦ henea Doo 2. • . i
H v l'NKV~ln port Fob 14-Ur ihlp Hduio
mont, for Kan FrKncUco.
HUM*— In port Feb HI— Uer ahlp Adolf, for
Ban Krnnclaco. ¦
• WKHTi'iiiiT — Aiilvnfi Feb £8— Dr ahtp
Fojfledale, ' hence Hent 27.
' FAI-MOUTH— rained March, 1-CJcr bark
LUbeth, from Taooma.
Hulled March 1— Ur ihlp Klnr. IMwnrd, for
Publln. • ...
BT NAZAintS— Arrived Feb 2ft— Oar bark
tlurtiivn and Oacar. from Port TJIakaley.
ANTU'inil'.-Airlvml F»\> SS— Fr bark. tit
Donatlan, from Oreion.
HONaKONO-bnlied F«b SS^Dr bark Duni
law, for Hoyal Koaila.
' ' , , OCWAN BTMAMEUS. • ,
NtCW TOrtK— Arrived March 1-Rtmr C»r
thairenlan, from Olanvowt «imr T*hlladelphla,
from Houthami)tnn ' and Chnrboura 1 ! atmr
Aniarlean, from Heatlln, Han' Franolnco, ate.'
DallKd March I— Ptinr Uhn, far OenOA and
NnnUa; Mtmr Campania, for Liverpool i atmr
riilntiit, for Hamburg! ¦tmrMtottoriUm. for
Rotterdam, via flnuloinei atmr AitorUi for
UlH*irow: utmr M«nlm, for London.
. (lUAPOOW— Hallmt March 1— Btmr Karma
tlnn, for < lloatnn. ¦ ' '. ' ¦
UAVIUC— Knlkd Mnroh 1— Stmr L'AaulUlna.'
for Nsw York. •
M Vliltl'ixtlf- .flrtllrtil March 1— Htmr Luca<
nla, for Now York,.
V0W\] ia.AKwfiMy=laiy March \=Qtr
8t?HP A |i" {iiiklii, MM% F«\* |H ( fOP rttlr%VM.|
r-lii- lnos, fmm Hntlullil«, fur Poll TbWh<
IIMi
, TACOMA^AfflVi'ti Mdfeli 1«H|« tthlb *fW«p,
ffontFtHanl aitriF (joUnus (:liy, ti-om BlimwiiV.
Pnlisd March 1— Hack LeVI tl DUrnee» ( tat
Ban FniMoif" 1 !).
At-rlvnl March l^StniF City tt '^liebla,
henc« P"eb 20.
Balled Feb L'M-Rclir Krlc, for Pnn Frnn
i?l«c"i Uer attnr lnl«, for Seattle [atmr Attec>
for Bun I'Vuncltco.
Arrived March 1 — Behr Marlon, hence Feb St.
Balled Feb 28— Aua atmr Java, for Bt Vin
cent.
BOWENB LANDING— Arrived March 1—
RlmrR Lu«)la nnd Hctuln, hence Feb 29. Feb
28— Bchr Newark,' hence Feb 10.
OL.YMPIA— Arrived March 1— Bchr Admiral,
from San Pedro. . . . .,.„•„,;
BABTBHN PORT.
NEW YORK— Af rived March 1— 8hip Henr>
D Hyde, hence Oat 10.
Captain Dobson, late of the Rosecran*.
sailed yesterday In command of the
Meade, and Captain Wlllson of the Meado
has been appointed to the Hancock.
Transport Captains Change.
ttrlnsiirniif o .in the Krninjh bAfli OUtit
da CtUaon ivns yeatefday advanced from
24 to S3 iipt cent, and on the British atiltt
Incheape.ltiick from 13 to to per cent Tin
cilssnn la 174 days out frqm Cayenne fof
this port* Tho Indhdape Hock left Porl
Ijos Angeles for Puget Bound forty«four
daya ago.
Ueliisurniice ltnte=» Advance.
UFiinawleK Rhl« t« f«l«s e»re of th« b«r»i»
fntlne t>ptftlrr FalUn* of th^ rav*nu# e»u«
hf i ¦« ¦nir-iie.i in port. €ai>taln tm* et tri4
N.ir"Mt»VBol Ml<l»3da 1,1a ulrtfllicici (.,
('fipirtiit ttrtii of the Mu^'it fnir im Hupefy
ef fifsviaintti ana f-r DVoiHptly ¦«MUi||
6Ut nslstanrp,
was minus several Important Balls, jlir
DumpH wt Fi out fit erdip ami nil the fend
an UoRPti wai what fimsinpfi of tn«-«u»«
ply received last Thursday frem the
W II en II i
'din Nerthwfsl Uft Eureka twenty<fdur
dttys ate with an,m tm of lumber and
a Idt Of Pliltid^ for I tils |iurt. fihf StFUeU
I ill rrtfltcHriUtllMttlt M&U ttt UI8 OUtSel Of
ler veyMfte, tttitf i/t the a«er»mpfttiylti«
ipaVy HC8B ad BtfftlH^ti fat litiil Ihttt Bh«
)pbhii lenklha to a pprloim extent. Itt the
f arly liart of the) blow iihe lout ner two
lower topsails* mnln topmast ntavoait ntid
jib. Theh her steam pump, broha down.
WhPh Bhq apuke.'the Queen last Thursday
her'BUpply of pt'ovliilonn wail almuat out.
Ab Boon hb word of her plight was re
ceived here the Drunnwlck wan dispatched
to her aaslstance. The Brunswick picked
her up on Friday twenty-eight mllea
southwest of Caspar and brought her to
port. The U. S. S. McCulloch was also
ordered to search for her, but finding the
Mir •¦Hi'* B« Qamnbelli 0 houn (rom Point
nm ''i*M GL8AHHD, =
MrtdUi l,
I §lmr Qu««Hi MhIIi vifiiuii* and Von Tewn>
Slip §ufjUa(>e ( AUjittriaeF, Han euudi^eead^
jta k &*d & Tebiy, Oevi, iidnelului
A ft, mhmi
Pfihinlny, Mmeh 1.
tJ P K'tnr IM^nilP, J'i.Iih.hi, IStnulln.
phlp Bt Mlcholait, Hrowti, I'tiiret BoUhtli
iJr ship Ualttioralt ttuopi Antwetpi
VtibtidttAi'iilrJi .
POlNt LOHOB, March 1. 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind bio, Velocity 68 miles per hour.
DOMKBT1C POUTS.
SOUTH OtSNl) — Arrlvnr Feb 88— Bchr Web*
foot, hence Keb IB! echr\Mlldred, from Ban
l'edrol achr Mayflower, hence Jan 21.
S13ATTL12— Balled March 1— 8tmr Kdlth, for
Kati Franolaco. Feb 28—Btmr City of Seattle,
tor Hkagwuy.
Arrived Keb 28 — Stmr AI-KI, from Hkngwnr.
Arrived March 1— Uer atmr Ida; from Ta
coma; ihlp America, hence Feb 31. ...
Balled March 1— Bchr Wm Nottingham, for
Ban I'cdro; achr 0 M KelloKa;, for llllo; ntinr
Jennie, for Cutteri May; «tmr City of Puebla,
for Tacoma; U 8 atmr Orant. for Tacoma.
HAMiAltl) — Arrived Feb 28— Schr t Corona.
TILL.AMOOK— Arrived Feb 28 — Btmr W JI
Krueer, hence Feb 20. • ¦ ¦
OltAYH HAHUOn— Arrived March 1— Btmr
Ban Hedro, hence Feb 2U. • - ¦ _ >
NKAll BAY— PMnod In March 1— Dktn Il««
trlever, from < Ban Pedro, for Port Hadlock!
.»imr. Chaa Nelaon, henca Feb 2U, for Seattle.
I'nrneil out March 1— Aua mmr Java, for Ht
Vincent! nchr'W F Wllaemann, from Tacoma,
for San .Pedro; Hr »hln 'Cambrian 1 Chieftain,
for United Klntuoni; Ur^ahlp OUnafton, for
80UTH liKNI>— Sailed March 1—Bchr' Al
bert Meyer, for Ban Franctico. I ¦
COOS BAY— Balled March 1—Stmra Empire
t>\tfmn ~ ftm- n.jt.
H. IV.IUr.. H t( ,itl 8 * Hh,1I.,.|,- ....?,f«r. fl
f'MrS'fft , r; Me«ifBn Pom iimiiiij M*ft 1
Mnii.i^.. :: , t ,-...«. it..,. uiMuViinii N*'i B
PJela Of Call Nn 1 #•• KM * Wfl? P8«l, M tf 3
MBittHPim* v«n«m» * Wsy PertPi Mu : , 9
PU*« :,,,,:,. WlilMM HilijrtP ,,,,,,,¦ MlF. j
A*. aitf :,,,,,, i ;..,.. in. A |-..i i nif.,|ii * Mf, ¦
r.|i.|.|t« : I'..... Hli.r II!.. ::*Ht: [
.1. F< klRlUII PiflHI.. ¦«,' ')•«... .111^ . :.::: f nt.
? iiir'v. . ... i'uiifli.ii 4 Way i'nit* * hi-, rt
»••«¦? t»av i .. S«H t'ftlro 4 Way PufU K »fi il
M.IMIm.... Part Vftlfd n i.n .¦•• i ¦ • K nf, 4
l>!lth........ R«attl« iiiiiiiiiiiiii'iii fin. i
t . Mill-. ...... ininn t, Jariiii ........ a. t» . 4
Al«ln»da...i. Honolulu t . u . ........ wM<f. 4
««H« N*wf'"rt * War Porla.i M<«t- A
Mm Hnnw. . . TaconiA ................ Mhi. J
l«l«. ......... Prflttln ................ M.ll. t)
Creacent City ,l*i «c<'tit Cltjr ......... Mti. A
•o<'<h« Huinl.'.l'H .............. Mnr. I)
P. Monica. .... Ran Pedro ............. Mar. 0
North Kork. . Humboldt ............. M.u. 0
(1. W. Kid' r. rnrtund A Afforla . ... Mar. H
f«pokan» Pan Dlf»o A War Porta Mr. <i
Fan Pedro... Hrays Harbor Mar. 7
Ualnlrr • Beattle ft New Whatcom Mar. 7
CltyPucbla.. Pun-t Hound Porta ...,.U.r. H
I'aimit Valparalao ft Way Pta.|Mar. 8
Arcyll ....... N«w York via I'anama. M.ir. U
Ventura Sydney ft Way Ports... Mar. 10
Newport Panama ft Way Porte... . Mar. 10
Amer. Maru.. China ft Japan Mar. a
Columbia.... I'ortiand & Astoria .... Mnr. 11
Queea I'ufct Bound Porta Mar. 1J
Knot Airna.. Point Arena Mar. 13
TO AMHIVH
Steamer Movements,
THE DISABLED BARKENTTNE
THAT ARRIVED IN PORT
YESTERDAY MORNINQ,
ncarch for stowaways started on
In r voyage for Honolulu, Guam and Ma>
nila. stir carried elxty-sevcn cabin pas
ecngcrs, ?r..'j casuals and re ruits, twtr.ty
one elgnal corps men and th!rty-e ght
membrrs of the hospital corps. Among
the jors.nnrs was Captain A. N. W'a ton,
late coramandrr of the transport Dix.
Captain h|s been appointed ma
rine superintendent of tttti transport ser
vlce at Cavlte. Mrs. Walton and child
accompanied him. There were seveial
teachers end a few civilian employes, but
the majority of th« < a Lin paeseng-tra wert
army otiioers, therr wivm and lainlil.s,
and the wives and /amill»-s of officers al
ready In the Philippines. Four stowaways
were discovered on the tran-purt u..d
were t< l.t ashore on the tug Qlocum. *
The < atiin liaeeenfera were;
Lieutenant Colonel r. H. Rav, Captain J. I).
dot, Ueutfcnanta T. li. Crocket, °O. L. etryker,
U. H I'earce, V. i- Kidman, «. F. fiallam, \v.
H. 1i,u!m.ii. K. W. r i'hom|nun, Charlea H.
i fiii.i Franklin 8. i.iiin i.iii, ( .. (Vntract Kur
fauna ii..t.. ¦• i Utelier, Harry Ureent/erg:. Oeorg*
li. J, i..N • ..i, iik. i i>. i.iid Uaurga ii ratitdtiy,
A, K- n..i o..-i wife, Mi. U . V- Riuiiii.tr
*.l.1 II. i, c i i.li ... .. Mr*. :> M i'.jreell ol. 1
aon, fHlbii Mdikarct |2. Hletu «»*.¦* tunr, rait:
tain A, »T Uullun, Mr* : |, If, Hay, Wrp,
liMirca W, Uir)»m«« «M chU4i «'¦
}lw*, Oharlea U WiniiieFrtdn, Norrnun W t
i4$wt«»rn *tn<j w(f», w, MuiT#v, tyra, A M N,
'UK.,, . l.:i.| „. .1 ....it-.-. nl.« I. |4. rp)"H«tt
i'fltl |*« *•>«<}», Moi.-f i,mai«!n Kurmani 1 , Mr*:
f, rn*»fcr, W, M ThM-iUM, « : «Ham f): V.- MM=
*f. Mt^ M Mt h"''t»i'i DM tliipf, i/mJR ili
•• P«ri H.* 1 w#hnr», w, Hi <^ndfich, W, fi s
1«#>M!.p|i tr>-i U MlIMim.m, H'ahN A,- UtMt*!
i -1-O..I J.ltlllil, f. .»..,,,! M«i.., |f. l| \V||.
1' (-¦ ., .a... !,..,.>. I ..l. ht , t'i.ft <J')P<
• *«-«'«?•?»= pBtcrdtifii Jtfbf'ft itUlrAKh ah<l H:
W; PH>Vrh#Mh ( C-nlHltilftrffir C..pr fl |.( Fl!tl"M fj
Mfril^, LlM'lHmiH It. W, NpwloB, Irt Htjnn;
luiuj 'fliiiHHi A. !^hi, Almandrf wrd^hlff,
Alfft Wl >>¦ i ».. Arthur Uubltch, ioti A; FnHI.
Why the Cnvdor line New Gklpppr.
Th»» UrltlBh ship Cawdof, which arrived
III port a (mv days ego, was here just a
year i'i-'u. Eho hail nnolhcr skipper then,
crsptaln liurch, Aid the story of why
• ¦I'l'i'in liurch left the thin has just
leaked out. 1'rlor to h»r arrival here a
vrar ago the Cawdor Wt. th« United
Klnpdoin In ballast for Newcastle, Aus
tralia. At Newcastle "ho loadrd coal for
ihls r»ort. Hcr»» nhe took a cargo of grain
for London. When this grain was dis
charged the owners discovered in the hold
ninety tons of thr ballast with which she
had originally railed. CaVrylna; th:n bal
last from Newcastle to Ban Fran lsro at
H shillings a ton and from this port to
London at 25 shillings a ton cost the own
• rn over flOOO and lost tho Cawdor to Capr
tain Burch. .
THE tTnlted Ptates army transport
Mcado left her berth ftt^Folspm
etrcrt yesterday at nooM, and
aftf r the regulation boat drill and
Disabled Barfcentlne Northwest Arrives in Charge of Brunswick
After Eventful Experience Between Eureka and Y: ere.
MEADE CARRIES MORE SOLDIERS
FOR ARMY IN THE PHILIPPINES
25
GBAPE-NUT3.
ANY ONE CAN
Prove the Value of Scientific Food
A pood. RtraltThtforwurd test of food is
worth much to humanity. The following
la interesting:
Mj. T. IC. Durboraw of Greenfield.
Ohio, aays: "After throe months' elck-
ncea with jjrlp I found I had lost forty-
two pounds, with littlo appetite and *!•
mest no digestion. Wife filially put m«
on Orape-Nut* and J actually lived 0:1
this food, taklsar it three times a day.
and a rup of Postum Coffoo at each mesi
for about four weeks.
"When I i.in.n 1 'was 10 nervous snd
weak that my strrntth was exhausted
oven i-y dreaalng, and, of courso, I was
urn. I.!- to do tha work loaded upon my
<1> 1 U, but I l.nmiiu ri-il nwiu without any
lonlis or mr-diriiipn, (inly my dl«t of
(iropf'Niita 11 ii'i j'ostum three times a
day. 1 founrt at the rnd of twenty-thnti
rtaya my nnrvauanfas ton*, strenith
srreatly turrcaat<d and that I had aTftlntd
alxtrrn pounds.
"Finally. «fti-r srttlntr hack to pool
lir&lth nirain 1, of coursp. took on differ-
ent kinds of food, and. aa a rhaogo. bfjran
ualng — — tar lirrakfont. Aftpr a while
name peculiar wiia b«san to appear In
thfl morning with deathly' sickness ami
nervous iRMltudfl. 1 took treatment for
biliousness, but thnt did not avail.
"About 11 mnnth aita I save up tho
——.for l>r*akf*i*t and took on Qrape-
Nuts again. Thrap inornliiaT attacks left
m» entirely In a day or two and 1 feel
Hint 1 Ifovt! ini'i miMIi 1. -Hi . vidrm c nf (ho
>< 1- iiiif.'- vttlue tit Urnpe.NutN as a vltnl-
irinK, 1.1 if" 1 fond, that dors not requiro
tin- heavy wurk of ttm ntomscn occasion*
ed by tha use of alurcliy foods wo usa no
much nowadays." •
iBCBDaBDBBaBiiBH&sDanBBBaaQBQaaBaaaaaBBiiBBaBBBii
!¦•¦ Once a conscientious person thought he ought. to own an auto. „ U
' '• Sought an auto, bought an auto, just because he thought he ought to. .
j .Then,' the auto, sought to auto, aa an auto ought to auto.
I But he found that naught the auto ought to do was what it sought to.
j Then a crafty agent fooled him on another make of auto.
I Newer model, later pattern, one just out for, 19— oa,
1^ Thought he'd bought a '02 auto which would run as autoi ought to. k:
9 But he found a little later that the bought new 'oa auto r
I Wouldn't auto aught's he thought a '03 auto ought to auto.
a ' Then he bought a 'oa White
1 \ And his troubles 'all took (light
' For it worked exactly right— • >
I The Auto King, the 'oj White.
Now he autoi just the auto which a wise man ought to auto
And the auto always autos as an auto always ought to.
Never will this auto fail, him. never will he say thts auto
Wouldn't auto ought's he thought a '02 auto ought to auto:
For he hat a 'oa auto which to auto is delight—
The "Autocratic, Automatic. Auto King,' a^oj White. * « ( ¦
The White la Xing .of Automobiles. ¦ Tho fnmous "team ear-
rlago which won the Endurance Contest from New York to Buffald
ll on exhibition nt our an lee rooms. Call and M« us or writ* for Illus-
trated oat&logui and valuables information. '
WHITE SEWNG MACHINE COMPANY,
300 306 Post Street, San Framlsco. I
BBQauBQPaaaaBnaaDDaQflflBaBQaiBaflaaBBBBHflnaaB
~ " . ,-. ¦..- . -. . ¦¦ -. srr: ..-- — ...... .. , . , .— — ... ¦. . . ¦ ... ¦ " '' — ' ... . . . - » - ¦
JOE ROSENBEftQ'S. . | } JOE ROSENBERG'S. )¦'. | JOE ROSEHrBERCPB. | JOE ROSEITBEBO'S.
wg8fi^£?*] ; i/^T/l (^^^~Z>?^ \ • felB^P^ ne cou d* an d anxious to sell the samples, we
\n\ y 0 y^^\k'^^^^ made a bargain with him that will enable us to sell
ira&Jv .'•'¦' ' yi^J : .'m^^^wT^ffl^i? them to you tor less than the^manuiacturer's cost They
;Bwftj^- ' i^Si/pi AilMli/^^VC are ma^ e °f fi pes * mus l /n > cambric and nainsooks, embroi-
P^^SL ' ' '''ut-iJpmi i' '¦ JM&\!d$&^*\ ler y»l ac^ and hemstitched irimDed. You can't form any
mBSfi$m!/f'/\- /^I^Sai'^^W^^SS^v dea'otthe splendid values here until you inspect them and
iBtfl !^^^OT> compare the quality of materials and the workmanship with
mL^^^^^^Wj^ \^^jlL' the prices we ask. Remember, as these are samples we i
V^k yV^I Qf/MW^^^i $m§X?$fflm 1 Wlnt r W'l'l Muit f o.' AMONG THEM WE HAVE LADIES' pn«f«|* Will Rr IfnATi tl« Knnn
cl ffr-'dT VPjFmlf A m^k Mm&JZtM ,„,,„,,. . T , rt .-, gowns mini« of i>«-»t Quality aoft co^'cr win dc upon us
cS?/ *^ /jKfWA jMJiWfo^ CfVXAVsN \a^ e» niOE i W el LL -P°J l 5' bleached muslin, laco or •¦mhrotaery \mth-lf* M« , -,r,rl <:* ,,-11
mf /' Vwk /<™m^W/'aW\ m*: iukI ,m $: L 1 trimmed, fun imurth. «, xtm wide, n-nt vViln Us Mew ana iwcu
Wf W^J^^^^^^&^^C^ ¦ ¦• Jhii ftny .-.?ffi' poaifijlblo Vftlu» for the mon«sy ,4!>« Cfoniirx^ M/>#1t«f^«»
W tP^^rV^J it I ' Izo V und 42* tjlMfcfw AKOTTIKR — L A D I E 8 ' WCailOnS 01 iYlOUlSlCS
M 1 *^ I An t>1er Lot# r^FrP tucked | and Hemstitched ancj , Every woman must have a new gown.
kJ ' • I ' t Antrfl 1 w'aimt j\ 91 li fliflurolflnrtu, cut wlao nml nn( | whether costly or otherwise she
II 1/ '. / « Pn'^fit' and make tl to T/^, -I *. Quality lawn, full skirt lensrth, fitted to her figure by an «ixpert corset
II I sdP** and 12 vnluoB. Now.. >J/^*&j/ pdRRd with lace and insertion lUt»r. Come to ua and profit by tho ad-
Plij I 8^ ,,,....,, '>rtc trlmm«5,d, yoke laco trimmed; vico of our experienced cornet people.
Cftl \ >^&t* .' ' " ' 'V ¦"""•• •••••"•••«• *. t ,0 * 1 jj no an^ jajjj^y^ tt f less than, ftnd remctnbpr wo have tho largest and
R , ¦ .. , ... K*^^, . . '. .. ' * • «.» * jj ' ' «»2*4wira4 e cost -of materials. Sam- rnoat complete corset stock in town tu
I Every year the knitted under- A New LOt 01 rJaiUTOmS ' fl^fP pie price .............: f)5« Pick from.
I wear manufacturers clear thel)- FrnSrntd-rtr^ nt WA rnrolS" UD i E8 ' CORSET FIRST-We have the well known and
I warerooms of all tlie soiled or J»>» EmirOIa-.nC'k-.ai • Sg5 » ' ¦ SS^,?,, 11 *- .5*^ * of » *°° a «ver popular -la grecque I-ATTICE
1 slightly imperfect garments known. %& InCOmpVably iKe^a^r&d. S . mBBON CO ?^ ET '
I nn n^pnnds We bourht a line of l^nSA f «., n»;«-«. ' trimmed with inaurtions Of laco; neatly gowned over this
g ns seconds. we oougui a lineal W^ LOW PriC'S. . . ' made, well finished. Samples at sample (£ corset a stiff corseted ap-
I this clear-up and can offer you a de r KgjVsA Thev are all made of prices SHc \T? pearance is not in evidence.
1 cided bargain in Oneita combina- y^-^ flnoaF • cambric?, with ANOTHER - L.A D I E 8 • WHITK ,' J\ the' fl^re^th a SlSrty dS-
I tint, -iilrs Borne that were slieh^ /-T^fftM fitronp button-hole edge, SKIRTS, made of best quality soft f \ l^J 1 5^Y?lne clveaerace
Mtion suits, some, tnat were sllgntiy MfKgm fancy Swls« patterns. bleached muslin, with deep flounce, \/w\ nd P Tei™ dlatinctiv the
ft imperfect, and we procured them for < S %^Y 9 , 7 Inches wide..;.., ir»e SS.^ S? Sff'ISS^.n 1^^ U^A SrSWyS 11 beaming*
I less than half their real vfclue. 9 inches wtde......U5c ffl^^^caS^uy^o^^.a'SS SS cl^n °LW&
I &>S£SSP3^£SZ*82L Sp-cial Sale in Vanle Shams. . gggw jp rw m'ny . .^f ' ir.froS?. SStStfltSS.
iL', n , e ev«.°SlS h. Bf 8 h u.a n r"«5VoS nou K ht frtm arf Eastern travol e r, and bl^SSUff^.aSSS.^th^ ,„. oM J^l^y"^''^
fl "lVmirlf>r« NeVT Cra^P Here tertaln. with lace or net lnaartlon or be»t ruffle, extra wide and full length. wh i ch . }¦ ¦?"•„ P llable «* nd tn u^I e «^i < ?
M WOnaCrS liCV. r CCaSC nerC. QUamy tambour, Wsh.polnt button-hol^ Well worth $1.25. Our sample prle«.. b lS t Sa?cut low and Vull with SStlli
IM **• t Ay\TT7"C!' r r«j .», ...i.i »^r»A* All uniform In nrio« *>ft<» ' «rr» IHO Hint 19 Cut low ana lull wflin pcriaCb
VA v£\ LADIES VE8T8. mada cage, ah umrorm in price --OC 70o 8t ralght front steel, the waist line runs
M K«] °* ffood ualltv Amorlcan , And ono thousand other finer nd cheaper long in front, piving the new long waist
1 3hL I^ZXIT^S La France G!ove-Fittinj Hip ««.*. .t- *.</«• ,*<««. ti»t.,..c. SSi t^ w <SSi%^St m^Si i.^*.J
t/mk mo^ZT;™"^.:. ¦ ¦ b . Fo r m - ,„„ , ¦ •; New. Easter N*ckw«.r. JSS.'MlE' Jt^^a^g
l^m nX\ u ?.%'! r %'^?^i ¦¦¦]& t5S!^» ! SiWi. h il#i'?!oWj M& »r5. R »?« E ?»w"a m bt: the R.nown Majeity Corset
I Atfverltsina Is On: Thin*. T '^f^^iJ'£^hM .-
m rr, n- t To A.. n tK« M K.I «i'' lft ; (1 wuh best liHlr, it J^aj7? AJ.L ritlCKfl.-Homo nro lin a th<-y jruaranteo It to h« mail« oft
H ThC PrOOMS AnOlnCr. -H,M rounds out the flcuro and U mnda of very best Liberty the best materials and so made that
H ueoe 1 nuF ne tufm IM.. slove-flttlnij: there Is no • \)\ Silk, vsry full and Huffy, u will not stretch, bend or break: ts
M , HERE I* ONE OF THEM. enFwL wire or objflctlonable matter ;. fJ with- full fancy pleated positively unchanKeahle In shap« and Is
U Wo carry' iho best a.ock of V5o Ko>o to become, disarranged. Only . . »A , * n ds. best quality fast- proof asainst p«rsptrtvtlon. They ar«
B u "°" ' 5OC <M\ bliicJc or Dura white. A made ef test Quality Italian, cloth, boned
mm 'Own, „ ','•¦' * • Tft'0 very epeclal offering nt this with genuine htghly tempered 'steel.
l^f^ ¦ftsHfiwJ""' 1 ' Worth R.nd!n^. • A J p^.. simo
g7V>N' h 45 A New Line :o | l Swell Belt itK3SM&SR»^
I elastic, in tho \ : n$ }A^>J/cl Jjltched.-coforwi border. Regular price . BucKlcS. -f"tn' A.'SSj^'^^t w^t ?£
U or 'plain' with ribbed top pr white feet. «c, now u»c Mflde lfJ the newe>t dlp inap#g j n prlce . our price for this excellent or- ;
Bj All at the Bmall-proilt price 25e % ,».,«, „ French grny mptal or oxidltw In floral set only .". 83.1'5
1 Child's Ev.n as tin d Hose. So *# ln a N^ nV^Tc^lTM^
I Made Of best Peruvian e?tton. double " "^ DrUSh. fopl Tni&A hf J5 B8St $L^° COrSCt «, ,
IS hocls, toos and, knoes, ribbed, warrant- >- — >^' . It is as qleanly and l&yiC inSieaa 01 «C. . Is the new Queen corset and «• made
H^ 0 "' ••'•-•.••• ."""¦'.'V'H 1 n U ?e uSchan«auI tfWafftw - Miles and miles of taf- trinuned top. full flared W lone below
M AftPntinn I^'die^ " r" aluminum faco and >in»Hr s C2!l> fpta rlbbr >n. warranted the waist: now, up-to-datu and Innx-
g) AltenilOn, ! L.-. aiCS. , wuler . proof com posn ™n bristla JetuSS VT-W' :^fif all pure : silk« 4V4 Inches pensive. 6nly 8 1 .OO
El H*re ha Hse Sunporter that btats make ft so. It SS?not become ° foul by *$*<*&?*>*,. -Jji? V uIta^ e for fa , ncy ' for medium fioures wo
& any Inretofor, offered boca; S elh om at, *^^ SSSI " SfSS b 0^ 0 YtTs ffiS S .^"hfe^trigfc
I r/o/« !»•* are 6fl«or «k/ f <r0/if er and ar$ wljTnThUThebriJul^arVheYdSeJ '^*2 B ' and g ray Our way of >% front corset made being bias
HI wo// mede. ¦ . them nn added. olaHticlty. materially in- ' special selling ....12Wc «Jt. hand gored w th full flaro
IPorarau w^a b &icE lp jss yr?^:^MrasssK«a sf Price. • P| £S£«
Bell(n 8 for • I - 5c , -A . ' . • $W\$)k LADIES' KIMONAS A i trimmed and finished with
I nual tn Anv and Excelled hv We In^t'-ad 0! 3Sc. /^W,43 alln , of best " uaIlt y ' , , bro tf sat1 " ' ? and: best STkA 9
I quai 10 i\ny ani LXttllCU uy nnir-Haivrj miraq «,.^ rW*^il3« flannelette, fancy flg, values for the mpney -93.60
net and shawl Pmn, a]aq \mti\m ftnji Wall Oi'ilen» finllaltodi PIII'IjAN l«ijll,OINn, •, theaa a| hom* when von ean buy then*
darning needle. Our »i»ia prle§........8Q 0 t a 0 ready \»**u At thu pm«... ...... .01,00
BRAIN FOOD
isofLllllB BcneM Unhss It Is Digested,
Nearly every one will hdtnlt that aa a nation
wo'tat tnnniui.li meat and too little of vega*
tablea ntnl the gralna.
For buslnena men, office men and clerks, and
In fact every one engaged In eedentary or In-
door occupation*, rttaliiB. milk and vegetable*
are much more healthfut.
Only men engaged n, a severe outdoor man-
ual labor can live on a heavy meat diet and
continue In health..
¦ /. -tlT *'* ***
Ai a veneral r»!«, rnent once a dny li tuf<
nrli-nt for all claaiei of man, women and chll-
dren, -and gralna,. fruit and v«v«tablea ahoutd
conntltute the bulk of food eaten. [
Hut many of the moat nutritious fooda ar«
difficult of itlfc'rtitinn, and It la of no uae tu
advlae brain' workera to «at largely. of graltu
and v*R«tAli)e» whera tim dlgoitlon li too weak
to BMlmllata them proporly.
It la alwaya brit to R«t the b«it r«iulta from
our food that aoma almple and harmleaa dlgek*
thr aliould ba taken after, mnala to aaalat the
relanod dliratlve orvnna, and •av«rat yeari'
•xperlpnca hava proven Btuart'a I)yipep»la
Tableti to bo a very Mfa,' pleaiant and tf>
f*otlv« dlitaitlva ami a r«mady which may bn
tak«n dally with th« beit rtaulta,
Htuart'a nyapopala T;obteta ean hardly b«
cmIIi.iI a uatrnt medlclna, aa they do not act
mi tim bawela nor any particular 1 orran, .but
only on th« fond rat«n. They . »upp|y# wh*t
wenk atonmt'li* luck, iiepiln, dlotUia, umi by
atlmuUtlnir tha unitrlo glands Incrfne ; tho
imluinl hpi'ItMoh nf liyilroililnrlc add.
ivnjiio who make a dally praotloa of taking
ono or two of Btuart'a'Dyapepnla Tablet* after
"mil mtal ar» aura to.havo perfect dlgeitlun,
which, meuni |iirf«ct health. , |
Thcro Ii nodAiiKer of forming an Injurloui
habit, ai Hie tHblats contain, absolutely .noth-
ing but natural dlgettlvtai oocalna, , morplilna
and simitar druga liava no plaoo In a atomauli
inadlolna, and 'Htuart'a Uyvpepala Tablsta^aro
rr-ti iiniv Hi" bt»i known and memt popular of
atl hlntnnrli iTliiiullr*.
Aik your druggiitfor a no<eint packaga of
ilium I'm nynprjuiiti ITablata, and oflsr'a wnik'a
uaa not* tha Improvsnunt In health^ appetita
and nervoua energy.,
; ADVEBTiSEMENTB.
I ' '
TwoBvo Years of v
Awf ul Pllo Paliu
, A. .11. Aurlnsar, Ilrnldwood, III,, *nyn.
"After oufTerlni . untold agony fur «over twelve
ynira from hoth' forma of pile*, and trying all
¦orla bt otltt retntjdlra without rellif. 1 'urn
iMiiiiiiininiy niii'ii by I'yramld I'lle Curt," (Hold
Ity all tiruHilata, no oants abJav Mlook,'.VP||aa,'
OtttiRM and fiura," mulled free. Pyramid Drug
Co.. Murelmll, Mich,United Hta tea Court •ComtVilssloner'. tlea
cock.yesterday hi'ld Churlcs W." Johnson
XKhi" lmvl 1 ir two ««uwtorfolt
nickels In his possession.
JohiiBon Held to Answer.
nTipptfi Oil eurtfs'rhtumatUm and 'nt'uralrla'
W-uggliti, -toe flmk. nichard '* Cof, ,400 Clay!
Following the policy which has devel
oped the largest American business
house*, they have alpo been liberal news
nnper advertlears. Their patrons have
hi'ccma aeouetomed to look for their Hun.
niiy morning advertisements of. Monday
bargaJn sales, New arrivals and noyej.
tied that dPllght the fpmlnlnfl heart are
cor.Mftntly Hopt hefore tha pubiici eye, -
1h«y are to ha ponsrrfttulated upon their
roiitlmmlly IneraBsnii? popular ty, nnd
their present hhIh promlBen to surpaes
favt * rtert8 - :t0 '«« ln 8 » d h el<* PHblla
Their low prices and high qualities,
largo and varied atock. always keeping
assortment a at their best— these alone
would never have gained them the Im
mense popularity and patronage that they
now unjoy. They have been very large
ftctors, but sterling reliability, keeping
their word, treating with courtesy and
righting all mistakes have been and ever
will be their store's mightiest factors
of growth, «>
It Is seldom that n house maken such
rapid strides Into public favor and good
will as Livingston Bros, have- succeeded
In doing. There- must be some good
cause for their popularity. . Their estab
lished policy of fair dealing and never
permitting misrepresentation has won
them the public confidence. ;..,.:..'.:
.'ThQjblg Kxpunulon Salo- in progress at
the San I Francisco. Dry Goods House or
Livingston Uros. culls attention to the re*
, niarkablQ growth of this young
¦lirm. 'Their, record, has.been an ehvlable
nn*. within a comparatively few* years
i tM!y-havf.rl»en:,toa front rank nmoiiRMt
ttho. leading dry goods ' jhodsos on « the,
iConsji/.They nre« no\y-, holding; a' spocial
,«ulo 'with '.largely 'reduced: prices ;through.
iout air th*lr departments. The occasion
fpr their present extradrdlnary offerings in
'thai expansion Of their business. Noth
.Ing succeeds no much as success, and
thf;lr rapid growth has made necessary n
largo Increase. of. the selling area In their
store at '. 123-128 Post- street. They ara,
•therefore, doubling their floor <spuca by
,tho addition 1 of thOTiitlre second floor
of thelr < .pr£.ncnt'.builflhig.i:''lt is thn pur
:poeei qL . the .progressive and enterprising
houec ;to',doyotq this entire space to tho
rtlhplay nnd nalciof ; lacllcsV'ready-to-wcnr
garments. The-hosts'of friends and pat
roiiu whom the store has- won will, bo
pleased to -know of this enlargement, ns
It will provide for retail - 1 purposes • tho
grandest . and ¦ best . llgh ted Ijadlca' Suit
Department of any on the Pacific Coast. ;
In carrying ;:out: this > plan ; they deter
mined, with 'their 1 ,* characteristic '• vigor
and enterprise, ;tol'clQse-dut' all.tpresent
Ktocks. * The sale,- now going on "will thus
enable them to-open tho^ new floor 'us
soon as completed. witho magnificent dls
pluy of entirely new goods. Their staff
of buyers In the East Is now selecting tho
new stock for tholr.- conflng • grand open
ing. '.,'¦;
ing: Dry Goods Houses.
Succeig of bne-of Our Ffliteut Grow-
HBWAED OP A BUSINESS HEM.
After the services It was' the wish of
tIi?.{?W t . hRt th0 floors should b'dls
city" ' ¦t tw * on th0 hospitals, of th«
„'• »• "W»ll*e«,.J. D.lMiici, J, C. Hill K
}Y' J l - _ M J""» Jl M - Unnford, J. L. Wlllcutt
»;• «;«• P» b " i «-''. "• HMlngton. N. T. Rmlth
«••>;•• "If hariion, J. M..Jom«;o--T/ Klink
gtmef™ llood " Jom " <A «I«r and n. ;k. Mom:
Attonhrd to a beautiful urn entwined
with roses, white violet* and ferns wcr«
tho numesof some of tbo Into Mr. Fill.
Thc r yV C °r«f trICd a " d truit ? d '' Mm&.
John PitiKsrild, M. .McNsmari »na & c.
H www nrjttfpftbtf) that rallrond em*
ployr« from all part* of thft Htftts at.
trnded thn servlrp, nnd nlso jolnrd tho
family at tho ccmntpry. Tbcro wcro pros*
enti
•Iwrjn Killmnr» nn«l"IiUth*r PlJIIiiorf. broth*
*. r ? °'w' lh f dtKfni»M<1, JuntU'« MdKnrlHntl,
.lolin Martin, John W. • AlHckny. W; Ii
KrtKllftti, J, it. lianttnvR. T. o, WiilkiiiK
lftfl f tWolt»r MeCllnn, C. J.M'IMtr, h. L. v 'lit,.
ternW, otto Ityrt Jr., 1V.W. irnrnburjr, Junien
Hor.burif Jr.. (villlnm V. IJprrln, K. I?. aVralfi
itflnrio 1". lUrlmrddon; Dr. AI. Gnrdner, T. it,'
yurniy.ll. I'. Ll|htn«r, W. W. Foots, Captain
./. K. An&nmu Ostitaln N. T, Bmltfj, if. u,
« yn « h| Ul A ,i 1)nn »! l| M"V l " >'¦ .Flwtehor,' N.
T. MfKfn>r, (Uotk« W. Meott, W;. II.- Hucbkii
K-Iwnrt' WBd», I). Oliver Jr. J? K. Mhsburn"'
J«m»tt Prouty.'W, W. Dougui, MV H Miirtln
ThnniM 11. iflihop, W. W. th.pln, A, K iffld
I. Jordan,. U. ltuth»rford, L. U. Lntiiini i{
II. rslrchlld, V. A. iiuvms, 13. A. Ski
John 1'erry. Jr. and Hubbl VoorMnter.
Among the numerouA rSilroad men who
ctimo from Sacramento' were:
lliiih ontl lSiii])loynn rrcBont,
The floral tributes were many and cam<j
from representatives of both the wealthy,
and the employes of tno railway corpora
tions with which the late Mr, FUlmore
had been assoejated, From New York,
Ueorge Crocker wired an order for a. pn,u
of violfita which completely c&vflre<l tha
ooflln, The violets were on nurpln ellH,
Mru, 0, J\ ifuiuingtan pent un unmenpfl
{•low* of nrfhldn Biid John W, MwpUny
IkhJ placed beBldn thp blei' another lloml
offprfriff. The nuii'liln^ filial) employe*
of flsprumonto, the western Hhore uoatu
71. nroUierhoort of Trainmen, UflUlmid}
pinployes of thQ Hmithern t'selflp, ihn
frrry steamer rtepaflmein of the Houtharii
Vflffflfl Company, employei of the North
I'Bi'lflo <=<»«Kt Itallrond, Willlnm »nti
Itubtjrt Plnk^rtfm nnd mimersuH othftra
»="tii n..wr.iM in innnixi'.n, Afi^r tb@ p^t
\Utn »tt th? houuft the remains were «s»
corlpd io Odd bellows' Cemetery, The
mow, N. Hi Keaur, \),\r. iktl Jnhn W.
iMiitimntfintri), A, Oh«iNnbrirotiKhi T. Jt,
ii.mm1im.iii uihI iifiiiKiini oclrleltMi
With deep emotion the reverend gentle
man told how only a few days before his
friend had been called away he had sent
him a message of love and congratulation
on hlH appointment to his- new position. ¦
Dr. HemphHI feelingly expressed -• his
deep gratitude* thai; his last message to
him was one of love. His dominant char
acteristics, said the doctor, were lovable
ness und strenuousness. God had intend
ed that he should do' great things. He did.
Indeed, great work toward the develop
ment of California, and he (Dr. Hemphlll)
believed that In the years to. come the
dead would be. given the highest praise.
Dr. Hemphill spoke feelingly to the be
reaved family und prayed that In. their
hour of trial they might be conBOled and
comforted In their knowledge of the high
osteem nnrt love In which the departed
whh held by his fellow citizens.
Sends Message of Love.
The Masonic fratwrnlty had expressed a
.wish that they might conduct the cere
mony, but Mrs. Flllmoro and Miss*. Fill*
moro wcro d«slrous that the obsequies
should be as private as would bo consist
ent with the oft-expressed Ideas of the bs
loved.dcad* So punctilious wan the fiuu
ily thut nothing nhuuld be done but what
would have been in accord with the
.wishes of the departed ono that they ab
stained, from even accepting the services
of those who were : willing to render tho
solemn hymns at the obsequies.
Tho service for the deud was conducted
by the 1 Rev. Dr. Kouto of Grace'Episco
pal Church and the Hcv. Dr. llrmphlll, a
friend of the deceased for over thirty
years, d^llvftred a eulogy, r . •:• j.
'Dr.JIemphlll spoko of tho lovable dispo
sltlori of thrj late Mr. Fillmore. Every one
who ever met' him, -said «he, was his
friend. HIg In stature, he was also big In
In art and IjIk In foul. . . . V, -'
lmpresilvo was the service over the ro
malns of the late, .Jerome A.. Fillmore
held yestcrduy ut the residence of the
family, £004 dough street. Long before
tba hour announced for the ceremony of
the last sad rites friends and acquaint
ances, heads of; the railroad departments
with which deceased has been <lonj{ and
honorably connected and citizens of
prominence In the commercial and social
life of tho city commenced to arrlvo ut
tho bousa of mourning.. Tho, Inclemency
of .'the. weather. dld> hot' deter, many 'who
¦knciw Jerome nilmore In-llfc from»payina:
their last tribute of.' love- and esteem .at
the bier of tho departed : comrade, 'genor*
ouh husband and fond father.'.,. -. '.. y ;
Men Show Their Grief
at Jerome A,Fili
;. more's Funerdl.
FRIENDS GATHER
AROUND BIER
Objects to Experiment on
City's Moat Impoeing
nvewuyt
Vetoes the Ordinance to
Beautify Vain Ness
— Avenuo.
MAYOR OPPOSES
PARK ON STREET
PATTRIDGE SITE
STRONGLY URGED
Mkyor; Schmitz Views
the Places Offered -to
i the Oity.
Senator Walsh Withdrawi
His Opposition to Loca
' tion of Pesthouee.
Mayor Bchmlts and a largo representa
tion of tho Board of Supervisors visited
tho two sites offerod to tho city for a
peuthouso yesterday. The first placo seen
was tho Fattrldffo tract, or tho "Buy
View Farm," an It In popularly known.
Then' the trip over the bill to tho slta
that ' Iiay Vlow hand Company propose*
to sell to the city was vlsltod.
In the party were Mayor Bchmlti and
A Pretty Face.
: Many a pretty face la distorted by poor
ly adjusted glasses. The Bertellng Op
tical, Co., at 16 Kearny street, have al
ways succeeded In arranging frames artis
tically as well as fitting glasses scien
tifically. Our reactionists are also stu
dents of. physlogomy. An artistic and
Intellectual air can be given to the feat
ures by our experienced operators. The
Bprtellng Optical Co. will always main
tain its high standards. •
Seizure of Smuggled Goods.
Customs Inspectors Head\and Bennlnger
seized yesterday on board the Hancock
a« smuggled goods a china tea set and a
silk jacket.
Says MIchaells Is Incompetent.
Herbert Jaeger has been cited to appeal
in Department 9 rtf the Superior Court
and show cause why letters of guardian
ship over the person and estate of Theo
dore Mlchaells should not be Issued tc
Richard Bpreckela. The citation was Is
sued upon the request of Mr. Spreckels.
who In his petition for letters of guardian.
ship alleges that Mlchaells. though onl>
48 years of age. through illness becam«
Incompetent. The petitioner also allege*
that Mlchaells has large sums of money
on deposit in various banks, and that th«
appointment of a guardian is necessary tc
prevent him from squandering it. Ml
chaells is at present living. with Jaeger.
Fifty tailor suits made to ofSer free of
charge by the Vienna tailors, 130 Goldce
Gate avenue, Just to advertise our work
To do thle the expense Is bigf, yet the ben
efit will come later. Mellls & Co. •
Ladies' Tailor Suits Pre«.
Bekins Van and Storage Co. will move
your household goods rain or shine. CJO Mar
ket street. •
wlfe, Miss <Besale \,FUher,' Supervisors
I3ent, Booth,- Connor*/ ,¦ Lynch, Wllnon,
d'Ancona and McClellan,- Senator Hlch
¦ard Welch; and the following representa
tives of :the> Potrero. Improvement clubs:
Peter Htolberg,. W. ( Li. Coles, A* S. ; I.l!lle.
W.. K. /Dubols, W. Teusmer. and,. Henry
¦ Taylor.; C.v E. Grun«ky represented the
Board of Public Works.
» After ran -Inspection ofVthe -Pattrldge
[Place, wlth.lts houses, ready. to turn over
,to* "the >clty nt nhort notice, ' the Mayor
made' a trip to'the Bay View I^and Asso
ciation property. Senator Welch showed
the site, consisting of a barren' hillside
and a number of' bowlders, but the
Mayor and Supervisors buttoned up their
coats and roemed" glad to. get away from
the cutting wind that blew over the ptaee.
Mayor Hcljrnltz also visitor! the Santf Fo
Railway property at the end of the bluff
and made copious notes. .
Senator Welch advocated the hill site.
Later Senator, Welch withdrew his oppo
sition and last night at the meeting of
the Potrero Nuevo Club said that he fav
ored the Pattrldce slte.^-
The committee »<fent from the Potrero
Nucvo Club practically demanded from
Mayor Schmlts the early acquisition of
a elte. Peter Stolberg, as spokesman,
Bald:
The people of this district have for years
anked that the pfeaent pesthouae, or leper Iicb
pltal, or whatever you may wish to call It,
be removed from Its location, We have been
over the ground, we have seen all the place*
nfOrpil, 6nd we unhesitatingly declare In favoi
of the Fattrldge place, It la an Ideal epot and
wa will do all In our power to Nee that the
purchiLMe |a made as soon as possible,
Henatur Welch, through hlo repreitentHtlve,
announcfid his - IntPiitlon pf withdrawing tho
offar inacle hy the }Uy View T<and. Association
iimt would uta 1i|h nest ftiiiienvom to have the
purphase pf the Paurldge piape oonmimmateii
us fciHiii an iMibsUiie, Senator Weloh'a rei.it>-
MHiitciiivd was alven an ovation an sonn aa ha
noneludeti. Th» J'utr*rf» Niiavo Ulwb will pre.
sent J\\p rppelutlonn adoinert Isit nlfht as «oen
Hi they are prepBrerli , «
TOUT SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAK0H 2,^1002
When Director Dwimnn explnlned thnt
th* 1 bonrd wnn about to conclude a lnn^
del«.yed purrha»» of ncverul lntmlreu
desks from un l^astern firm, MoCurthy
representative* ,of the laboring, and
tnanufactsrlngr Interest • of' thli city ap
peared before the Hoard of Hidurallen yen
trrdtiy to urge that preference bo given
to home Induntry in' the awurd of con
tract* for denttn and ulher furniture used
In the, School Department. P, II. Atc
<*«rthy. prtmldcnt of the Uulldlng Trodes
Council, made, u strong plea that the
nchool furniture be purchuHpd In thin city,
on the RKMiiiii thitt th<- lMborlnn men who
»«prnt thrir monty hoic would be benelitcd
t l>«*ri>b>-.*
Board of Education May
Buy School Desks
Hero.
FAVORS HOME
MANUFACTURE
Phyf inii Director MaKnus. who hai been
rharged with neRloct of. duties, appeared
before tb<« bonrd nnd made u propoftiit
that for JConO per year he would devote all
the time nf *chool houm to the excmpll
iicatlon of physical culture. The bonrd
lejected tho pniponnl nnd deferred nctlon
on .MnKiuis' agreement to give two hours
daily to his work under his present salary
of J240O per year.
u.ni iiiMt. *»* nn .iie.iMciih.H en (he
|»aH tif tji^ jielHjflHufS whoili lit* y*W$*
f»pH»ed ttt li«F«Fs iliw bnaifli but lie juPHtletl
lti&i iit rutuie ,li \sm oitiV tne UbJiie
ino'juiti Mufeeri % Nptiflftfcs feiwkt* oh bf«
\mt of the iHttiiufiielufent «f fUHtluii-e in
tlii« oiti! anil staled uiat »n Kouil hii
hHIpIpi If hot ItpttPJ-. cdUlii bu hlhris hel^
thfiii thjit tiii-iimi nut by ioniitem nt-HiB. •
All of the Bi'hool Jjlmitofp t*jireBBrti
tllPmpelvfH 111 fHVof nf OnjlinlyJM* with t|i«
jiptltlmii but Uiey illrct*te<J atfphtloit to th?
Kpotlfin of the t'hnttrr whlojt ntuvldra lluit
ft»ntr«cti« phall be nn-nnlcil to thp Inwest
1 1 1 • 1 • 1 1 • t- . 1 III r-i-li.l ItiUH'itvli'l'l Slllll Hint llll
«Jfr that- •ectlon contrnct" rnuliJ be
awarded to ISflMerii nr»nB if thrlr blijn
were bclovr , tliom? auhinlttcd by home
ilrit 1. if. Afl'-r II Iiiiik dlBCUMlOtl It Wiifl
dpplrted to refer tho mattrr to th« City At
torney n* to whpthpr the rhnrter should
bo In • t n 11 v ronntrupd or wbelber thn
bnnrd tuny hho di»rrctlon tn tin- award of
bid* by fnvorliiK liont" mnnufacturc.
The board rpiccted th« bldt to build an
Iron frurnewurK on the ohlldr«n'i play
ground, an It lisa dpclded to have n
woodrn framework built Instend. Two
bldu wro received for fumlohlnir tbo
RytnnuKlum npparatUR. but no action wan
tnk?n thereon. . . >f.
• 1 ' r III iiih^ npHM^i - '
MayoV Bchmlts yesterdny roturned
wUU<fGJ\ ]ii« approval " the bill recently
paused by the Hoard of- BupervlnorB, uu
tliorliing tho Hoard of -Public Work* to
Improve tlio nmdwiiy of Van Newi avti
iiuv, .between Muah uml Pino ¦trentB. by
hmI UiiK ii pint u Htrlp Hlxtuou feat wldo In
tho central portion thereof tor tho pur
pone of beautifying, or "purklng," tho
roadwiiy, at a, cost of $1058. Tho reason*
given ¦ by the Mayor for vetoing tho 'bill
urn net forth, In tho following communi
cation; N < •!..>¦ -
Prom ii ayreful rmwllnrr of the bill It uppnari
that a ftlnvlo hlock hHlf wny from either end
or \ .in n?m tivumii', the ntmt ¦pncloun inul liu
iMmlmfililvjKny of thin illy, lm* been . unletUetl
mr nil exnerlnieiUHl attempt to lie limtutlneil
HmI ornamented by tha llmlud expenditure nf
wriHt nriiiiik to inn to bo an entirely Inaileiiuato
mini nr money \n muin the <i»ijnel rin»lreil,
t OWlfilf til nil iilniuM .;i|UHl illvMon Of rtillll
mi*ntMi)!piT«iiiil In iiiu funn ut \»r\>{n\u by t liu
iiwiiwiii of nrunerfy fronting uiion V«n N«<*»
it vcini.t n* IQ (ho inlvlH-iiillliy of IliU |irii|m*ril
iiiiniu nf liniu'iit uiiiiMii | lm vii |niP|pt|d (ho tu
iiu IbmkiIi of i in: HViiinui |ri niilup \\m\ \ny (\b;
arm MUhm nf 1Mb (iimlM fif (W* Mil Wfiillit )m
iamq i tiDon^eeneluff isrif y»rivi?« from yewim
j Tli« .rf BUli 1 ef iHielilnvMlj&ttlrjn \wi Imm - «M"*1
me w ill Jha nee?**]u> nifitm p*r?w?ii»if \\\».
iffiidlllun ef ihtt PHigfimg* ami kuhwwws upoii
the ftVMiuie suit tliftl \m b#h»ih! j»iinf*r»npi* ef
wed In th* apiilleallun of ihs miailhi hi ml w»t
wmrt 'fflp li» fm|iFov*in«ni iiv (lius goFFMliis
In my bpliiffin di* ultimate cin\«*lliplimeiil of
the ftiitliUBii ur t.ui««bu» alia atiFaeiiv* ftiitifii'
HflH., Ml!>| It) (III)) l»a F ttl1 I WOllfll PMHRI'CI (llfl I
iiiiwtf itf-aii|ii : i)iiFlaHHi ft fiUiii e*it*iiillHM.ev»F
6 : e«»lFai IioFifoH tiniiijs avwiius ami tfit^ljy
iiimliiiB It* esjianbve watUFft fit a mmm*
njirftv*w«i t fa tievtniM iii jildiijlHif (tiki h»)m»
Jiii?. ulttliof i|ie t-ut-UR hhij miseft of tlm uliifiw^lhs
iinf shi.iin it-pm anil iiaijuxi wlikli rat-tn
mi a)i)ii-o)iHiUi4 litii'tif f of thld. >na(!)linef'ht (tv*j
hilB ulitl nh mttwllili* jilotectioll froill tli8 heat
fth'1 Wjlld 10 NilfBlllgliSi m ,'.¦
A« Ilic BilvwatcH nf IIiIr liill firopoifl It nn AH
•*|iRrljnenl, 't.am dntlKied It will not lm *w
ceMfiil on Bfcount of.thit etroiif t>r»UuMUon
nmnirettrd by a numhef of nnrnoim illroctly J»*
tpiftdlnl, who Imvf Interposed their ptxit^Jte
a#ftlnat It* approval) • •
UnlfM It could be.- reuonnbtjr aiiurfd Hint
tlili plan of ¦ benutlfylnir nnd ndomlnf Vun
N«» avenue could li* tinlfonn thromiiout tlm
Principal pnrMon thereof, I conildrtr- It my
dutyao withhold my naacin ' thereto. tIU>«poct*
'ullyi ' K. Ifl. 8C1IMITJ5, Mayor.
26
HSSWI ADVE11TISEM13NTD. _____^
We have now on sale a most ele-
gant assortment of NEW WASH
DBESS FABRICS, in all the latest
materials for Spring and
Summer wear.
Satin Striped Silk and Linen Batiste,
Japanese Corded Wash Silks,
French Printed Challies,
Silk and Linen Fancy Tissues,
Mercerized Cotton Foulards,
Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities,
English Galateas and Oxfords,
Japanese Wash Crepes,
Printed Percales and Sateens,
Egyptian Lace Tissues,
Plain, and Printed Organdies,
Scotch Cheviot Shirtings,
Silk Striped Tennis Flannels,
Scotch Chnmbrnys and Ginghams.
Mercerized Madras Ginghams,
Oxford Mercerized Shirtings,
White Organdies and- Piques./
SaOOO'Dleces NEW FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACE, all widths, edolntjs and inserting to
Wfltchi.
,20c to 82,50 per Piece.
TO OUR PATRONS RESIDING OUTSIDE OF SAN FRAN-
. CISCO i r Pleaso write -for samples of qijove goods
now, while tho assortment Is complete.
III. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET. *
APVEBTIBBMSyTB.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
Saving
VUIUU
1 ¦ ¦' ¦
3, - ¦ -i
\ Both is what uou are j
2 doing when uou buu S
j the STEEL SHOD' Shoes]
¦ forbous and Girls, \
! MThirdSt (
¦ Second Shoe Store From Market, \
\ \ exclusive Agents for !
1 the World's Famous S
[Sorosls-tho perfeoted ¦
, American Shoe for \
IBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBHBB
imi "* m '^ w TWI1IMtBfftfffffflro
Special Prices II
This Week...
0 ; — i — , _«
Telephone Your. Order nnd We Will
Deliver ft Promptly.
O— . ,, , ! 1 — U'.'
. 1 Sheffield's Dentifrice and ) f m
\ Manning's Cream Dentifrice \ Tor fi • •••••••• 25c
Hot AVater Bottles, 2 q's, fegularly 60c for ...i..50c
Fountain Syringes, 2] qts, regularly 80c for . . . . . . 7Oc
God Liver Oil, per pint bottle 35c; .3 bottles for 90c
Beef, iron. and. Wine ,50c; 3 bottles for...... $1.25
Todd's- Emulsion 1 Cod Liver Oil T5c; 3 bots. 62.0O
Peruna 85c; 4 bottle? for. . . . . . ......... . . .$3.00
Lister's Antiseptic Solution 50c; 3 bottles for $1.25
Remember We Save 50 % on Prescriptions.
Special Inducements on t Eyes Examined Free
Cameras and Phrto * By ah Expert
Supplies......; Optician.,..
) ' /¦'• W«.GIv« TpadliiDL Wtnmpa, .
IBIBBBBBBBBB r -jg. 1 •Mi \ BBBBBBBBBBB)
Over >fe^^^ Shoes
MORE ThfflN SIXTY NEW SPRING STYLES FOR WOMEN;
BLACK. PATENT LEflThJER AND NEW OX-BLOOD; HIGH
CUT OR OXFORD, WITH LATEST TOES AN J HEELS,
TURN OR WELT SOLES, INCLUDING STITCHED EXTEN-
SION EDGES.
Tlje 8on>c reosot)s whlcfy account for tl)e superi-
ority of mer)'» WolK'Over Shoes epRly equally
well to the women's styles. -
Walk-Over Shoe Store
F. F. WRIGHT 6k SON.:
024 Market Street, Opposite Emporium
IBBBBBBBBBOBBBBMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
fejltt & Bargains in
ffi^ffl, Furniture.
TREMtNDOUs ctir in pnicr.s.
Jr~CffiS^L" I ftfatWti Waff , On account of oxtonslvo
rfliBMoSfe "¥( T nP *3tm Improvomonta wo aro foro-
fflllrKtw f I mfo 1 S od t0 roduoo our stook at.
fl I I>^CJLa1 Ijt* -^xlrJi onoQ. Will soil half of our
I my^r^^J&n^ $4O<O00 8tock nt n R roa t
Will contlnuo salo for a
_., t* 1 -^ fowday3. «
«j?is kVor^^SM^rtuW 11 " 1 havo tbo
Kragen Furniture Co., Tol 37 8 ,<» uth
1015-1017 Market 8t, Opp. Taylor 8t. '
Kragan's Patent Davcnporl-Divan and Chair Folding Bed
Bid Clo,ed Bob Open.-
- WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING -WE PAY NO RENT. R9
|®%V$|B r3J| Dining Tables
T fei^B tSSH A carload just in. Round quarter.
AT I II I 111' tTC* mk P* n lw Table?, golden finish.
B.I/ t I I / I *— "'shly polished, in a ffr/at variety of
*-^ L- IL- Ntyle», We have an Immense line ef
C^U _ .1 jm .._ Chairs to match them, too, at very
wodcrjtji prlcci. Come In and **< them,
C^^^^^S-3 nZ CARLOADS OF CARPETS
Wa Wvm U m I ?.*) *h« yvay-will t.f here In a tew ,hv«.
An ''WPiM Uh M VVr . 'T llt 8 " ow yrlu flM! newcit r»4ttcrm
''WuSWIS^Km 4o llmple t \ m \ { *' Draperlii,
kmwJrJKWtSSL i lUn ' n> H"" Irt "^. oikiothi, stovei!
«5mJ^^^J2^S^>Wl f J- 1 '*'. 1 tn ' llrliUl1 JV'Jnr home ffimpktc
SlJ fif!/ V^'" 1 aI1 llt Bmal1 Bgur«», Hut don't bor-
TSSL^ ~~' ***- J row m oncy to buy here.
" Votir credit Is good with us, , .
1 Vt*« D«llv»ry to Onklanii. Al«m»da and tl«rkcl«y,
THE J.NOONAN FURNITURECO.. !*o.
i, 1017-1020 MlMlon Strt'el, nbove 6Uth, H nn ProncUca.
Wfl CL08U AT 0 P.M. UVBRY DAY BXCDPT 6ATURDAY.
In the night- the passing ef the swift and luxurious
California Limited
gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
San Tranclico to Chicago In three dayi jj
nn _, n r _ r _, L -_, _ ,_ _ _ u _^_,._ _, nr<r , ADVgllTlSBMltWTB. A ' '_ . _;J,,___'. J '
¦ ' ¦; ,* ;.'_•.•: ', < • _ , ¦ _ ' \
1 Reduced Prices on Corsets
OVL LOT. ROYAL WORCtSTER CORSETS ONE LOT ROYAL WORCESTER COXSETS ONE LOT ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS
Heavy Imported broche silk figured. Pongee silk, real whalebone, very Fine silk brocades. Reduced from $6
Very dur/iolo nnd stylish, extra long, comfortable. Reduced from #3.50 to $2.
Reduced from $8 to 54. «o I2. •" ¦ /
1 OMr 1 or tiMkL wnirmrn ro»srTS ONE- lOF ROYAL WORCESTER CORSCfS
ONE LOT ROY a W0R.E5FER CORSETS 0NE L0T ROyAL W0RCESUR CORS[rs .
Fine heavy satin; lace trimmed; pink, „ • . . u . f Male of good quality saterni heavy .,-
blur, white anl black. Reduced from H;ayy silk serge, boned with real i corded h ps, sultnble for stout figures; .
jjtofj. whalebone; white nnd black. Reduced drab only. Reduced from' 91.50' to
0* lOr ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS fr ° m * t0 >2 75> 7JC<
(Ut 5*6 ) Fine coutll, well boied 0NE L0T R0YAL WORCESTER CORSETS OM-LOT ROYAL WCRCESTCR CORSETS
» with good hfnvy steel*. Whits and Heavy sateen, extra well boned. Re- Slrrt hips with gores; white and
* dr.ib. Reduced from $ 1. 50 to 50:. duccd Irom f 2 to ji. - drab. 1 Reduced from $1.35 to 6oc,
3000 pairs Travelers' Samples, fom? more or less soiled, Many perfect Latest ,
French Models, reduced to icc£fo;^7fc and$i, Bestsl^es; all colors." •
, Very much less than ths cost of manufacture,
Chester F. Wright Corset Parlors,
No. 6 GEARY 'STREET, Cor. K©arny St. TSr 1
450 Kith Street* OeUlandiPORTRAITS OF THE MAN UNDER ARREST ON SUSPICION OF BEING THE MURDERER OF NORA FULLER.
Continued \on \ Page : Twenty-Nine.
¦ Seifert* stated. that he. would be able to"
fix.- his 'whereabouts on; any date ln r Janu
ary.jif he; could get 'possession -of a-busl
ness ; diary iwhich.' the 'officers rhadx' taken
from ¦: him at the time - he .' was - arrested.
him -how much .money, was required to
secure his. release.:. He told her that the
balance owed- Lester, was $24 andshe'lcft
; to '.hunt' up I.; J. Truman Jr., Selfert's at
torney ; ¦ to r: give ; the money to \ settle
the case.- ', • .. . :
pectingto get some money, with 'which I
intended to . settle these financial obllga
tlons of mine- In San Francisco. Friday I'
drove to Esparto, where I went to look
•over^the ground with aview to establish
lng.a drugstore. . I was looking at- a. va-.
'cant store in the town when I. was arrest
ed, and was not endeavoring to hide as
has been . reported by the detectives.'.' '¦¦¦
'¦''- Selfert's .aunt called ion. -him. .-at . tho"
prison during the afternoon and Tasked
Captain Seymour had- him brought down- '
,etalrs .to: his ; office, . but'; the diary -could
r.ot ;be;found. : .-; Seifert: was subjected to a
thorough | questioning ; regardi ng his move
ments-during, January and^February.ibut
outside of belng.vaguely' Indefinite regard-
Ing his " lodging place .: after,, he ;. : left ' the
-Winchester.)- he « said rnothlng - that-, would
seem* to ' indicate" he -had " any .' knowledge,'
directive or^ Indirectly;:; of the identity of
•the murderftrnt Nora. Fuller.
i,,. A . . . -. .;. ... /¦.... ¦'¦/.-¦ - ¦ ,
Chief i Wittman Annoyed-
¦ When Chief of Police Wlttman heard of
the \ fiasco he exhibited - considerable an
noyance. Wlttman ;. is '" a .capable officer
disposition .to -leave" the city. About ten
<lny» ago Seymour oamo , Into possession
of information tending- to show that' if
Hclfcrt'wns not tho nsp'.iHsln'ot Nbra Ful
ler, ho tit least knew something about the
uftalr. ; Notwithstanding this, Seymour
took ' no; steps to Ittnd his man In Jail,
but- permitted him to walk the streets tin
molestedA The; time for a grand coup thnt
wns to, Btartlo. the world and bring Sey
mour Into. the !refulgent glarn.of cnvlablo
publicity was hot at hand: Suddenly Sei
fert conceived the. Idea of going to his
mother's .home at ¦ Dnvlsvillc and- this
event was. twisted by, Seymour Into an at
tempt to escape. : Then followed the thrill
ing pursuit and capture as narrated.
. It. required only a few. minutes for. Sei
fert after , his; arrival. yesterday, to prove
his 'Innocence', of the suspicion cast upon
him by. the detectives.- It 'developed that
he was guilty of passing forged checks
nnd that^ he was not* unduly-desirous of
making the acquaintance of tire police if
it' tould; be avoided. • He answered all
questions put to him with a frankness -not
to; bo .expected; from .a .guilty v man. He
even '• discussed- his. little • escapades "with
women' and. the various projects Invented
by < him for-; raising money. , • In • fact ' there
was not the slightest excuse for his arrest
as : a* suspect In the ¦ Fuller case ' and • even
Seymour.- was- reluctantly :¦ compelled to
admit that fact later, in the. day. .- . ¦
After a close examination, of the pris
oner and the failure of all who had seen
Bennett and Hawkins to recognise him*
as the man who had rented the house at
2211 Suiter street. Seymour began to shift
the blame up to the Morse ; detective
agency. He recognized that the faux pas
was of a character to bring the detective
department Into public ridicule and to ex
pose himself, as its head, to severe criti
cism. Like most' men of small caliber
who rise to positions of, power through
circumstances over which tthey have no
control rather than by, the force of indi
vidual merit, Seymour trembles jta'ti the
thought of criticism": and "-> cowers like a
craven when his offlclal"acts are subjected
to scrutiny. The conception of Seifert's
arrest did not even smack of originality
but ft was on a par with most of . the
brilliant achievements of Seymour, which
have made the detective force of thla city
the Jaughlng stock of the United States
ancTplaced" a premium upon the commis
sion of crime in San Francisco because of
the truism that as long as Seymour re
tains his baton of office as head. of the
Seymour Shifts Blame.
was a suspicion that Seifert was thn as
sassin of poor Nota Fuller. He admitted,
however, that Seifert was charged with
obtaining money by false pretenses nnd
that he was merely arrested to answer
to that charge.
People who offered statements made by
other- parties, were" curtly -told, to bring
such persons to Seymour's office," and no
further effort was made lto< locate them'
or to secure their. testimony,: however im
portant It may. have been. In the arduous
taslcof reclining Jnhlsupholstered office
chair Seymour worked with commendable
diligence, < and .what he did not .know of
cases under investigation by. him he found
no difficulty In extracting from:the.news
papers. 1 . ..; ./ s^>>^ii'o£StevBS«&S6flpa^j5HBSB||
.Selfert's entrance, Into thelFuller imur-'
der case as a star actor took place a week
ago. In'the latter- part of .January, ,T. 'C
Lester swore out'a warrant for. his arrest
for embezzling $59, -of which ¦ sum Seifert
paid him ?35, ; leaving a balance of $24.re
maining to ,be paid; Seymour made no
effort- to arrest Seifert. , although "his
haunts were known and Seifert showed no
Official Duties Neglected.
department ' th« • perpetrators of crlmo,
even though they display tho mark of
Cain upon. their brows, will remain unde
tected 1 and unpunished.
The investigation of .the foots In con
nection with the ¦ murder of Norn Fuller
by Seymour has been marked from tho
commencement by a masterly Inactivity
nnd; a total disregard, ot tho inn a of In
duction and deduo.tloni.that would cause
a third-rate country, constablo-to blUBh to
bo guilty of. •.'Clews 'that wcro brought to
his attention were dissected' and . dis
missed by Seymour without leaving the
precincts of ,•• his 'office ¦' and. without? the
slightest outside inquiry. t
"On last Wednesday afternoon I- took
the afternoon train for Davisvllle. to
spend my, birthday with my r mother, Mrs.
.W. H. Hampton. I went down there ex
lRaiinBiABnffiBaBffl@siEisiaraH
. The departure of Seifert gave Seymour'
the opportunity he was looking for. • He
sent Detective Hamill to Woodland, and
after an immense amount of searching in
quarters where Seifert was well .known'
the fugitive was "found concealed in a
vacant house" and brought to this city.
When Seymour was asked on what charge
Seifert was 'arrested he became . myste
riously secretive and denied that there
in company with Charles Conklin and twjT
women' 1 went to the .Winchester. We
were only there a. moment. I do not re
call -the women's names, as- they were
acquaintances of ¦ only a few days. If
any young. girl. called at my room It was
during my absence and I did not know It.
The arrest of Seifert was of tke bur
lesque order and was accomplished with
the sole object of attracting .'public atten
tion to the "vigilance" of Seymour. The
warrant upon which he was arrested was
Issued In the latter part of January, and
could have been served at any time prior
to Wednesday, when Seifert went to Da
visville to visit his mother ; and to cele
brate his thirty-third birthday at her
home.
demonstrated beyond ques-'
tton that C. A. Seifert, who was ar
rested at Esparto on Friday, ostensibly
for embezzlement but actually for com
plicity in that crime, had absolutely, no
connection with that shocking event.
A || d HE colossal stupidity dls-
M played by Captain of Detcc-
Jf tlves Seymour in his manage-
Sj xnent of the Nora Fullor
ff murder case reached Its cll
"^ max yesterday when it was
Although Warrant for Druggist's Arrest Was Issued in January* No Attempt Was Made to Apprehend Him
Until an Opportunity Presented Itself to the Police for Making a Fine Theatrical Display. {
.In Selfert's possession at' the time of hfg
arrest were foupd»C several i manuscripts.
.Some of them were in. his \hand writing,
but one- lecture was wrltterk in- a hand
that • bore a striking resemblance to The
chlrqgraphlcal : fragments known to have
beerh written by Hhe man who rented the
Sutter street house." Seifert explained that
Seifert 'will prooably be released to-day.
He made arrangements, last night for the
settlement- of T.'.C. Lester's claim of $24
and'thls done he can'no longerbe held.
It develops, however, that several persons
,who\ hold forged checks Issued by him In
various small ?sums" have notified the
pollce'that they will -swear to warrants
for. his arrest to-morrow." In that event
Seifert will be arrested immediately upon
his release to. answer to other, charges of
embezzlement. "However that may be,
Seymour's bubble connecting Seifert with,
the murder of « Nora • Fuller has_exploded
with a loud report.', the echoes of which
.will . not ' soon • die . away. >•¦• ,- , r
*nnd there ore many who assert that had
ho managed the Fuller murder case much
bettor results would have been achieved.
Tho.«o who have studied the workings ot
the detective department under Seymour
insist that ha has proved his incom
'petency -beyond all question and that
wlttmnn should In Justice to the Police
Department nnd for the preservation of
tts credit assume the. active direction of
Its affairs. When Captain Lees was ap
pointed Chief of Police to succeed Crowlcy
he did not relinquish his supervision of
the detective deoartment and it was well
for »the city that he did not. What Cap
tain* Lees did - then Captain Wittman
should do now, and until he does so the
detective department of the police bureau
In San Francisco, irresponsibly managed
as It Is by Seymour, will continue- to be
mere child's play and ultimately develop
Into a farcical adjunct of the municipal
ity.'
INNOCENCE OF SUSPECTED ASSASSIN AND UTTER
INCOMPETENCE OF CHIEF OF DETECTIVES SHOWN
Contradictions Are Ignored.
[ The lack of resemblance In appearance
and handwriting between Seifert and tho
man Hawkins, the known habits of tho
suspect and his lack of money were flat
contradictions that he could have any
connection with the crime. These fact*
were known to Seymour several days be
fore the arrest was made, but he was
anxfous to do something to pacify the
| public Indignation arising from his help
lessness In the face of such a crime, and
he countenanced a fiasco.
"I have never placed much faith in the
belief." said Seymour, "that Seifert wu
the murderer., but there were some cir
cumstances that tended, to show he might
know something of the crime. -These cir
cumstances have been 'explained satis
factorily, as far as I am concerned, and
Seifert can go as soon as he has satisfied
the complaints against him regarding his
financial .transactions.. It has been our
policy to follory.out to the end every, clew
in this case that* has < come to our atten
tion, and the arresr.of Seifert. waa along
this line. The information on which "we
worked. was furnished us partly by out
side . parties. • The reason the arrest ¦ was
not made In San Francisco < was because
we could not 'find Seifert.' If he was In
the city openly before he went to Davis
vllle, and was generally known to be
here, it is mighty strange that/he was
not : found ~ by the police, ¦ who have '¦ been
looking for him for over a week."
' The Chief did not say that the' detective
department, with the purpose of magni
fying, its efforts, had told him that Set
fert was In every particular a counterpart
of the man described as Bennett by F.
"W. Krone, even to the drooping eyelid.
He did not say that the detective depart
ment claimed that Selfert's handwriting
was exactly similar to that of Hawkins.
He did not care to reflect upon the detect-'
tive branch of the service, but the fact it
that Seymour deceived tho Chief as well
as the public when he made, his grand
stand play by having' a man arrested In
the country whom he should have had In
custody a month before, and whoso
whereabouts in tho city up to last
Wednesday could have been • ascertained.
by anybody except, perhaps, . & Sun
Francisco detective.
Captain Seymour came to consciousness
lone enough yesterday to announce that
ho had concluded that Seifcrt did not kill
Nora Fuller. It was a conclusion that
was apparent from the first to any one
with ordinary common sense, but the Sey
mour brain moves slowly. In such matters.
He spent the morning in trying to distort
the circumstances surrounding the pris
oner's career into some shape where he
could tlnd a shadow of an excuse for thu
theatrical manner In which Seifert was
captured -on the suspicion that he knew
something of the Fuller murderer, but
was. compelled to acknowledge his mis
take. .¦ .. fl&MMiMMBi
Chief Wittxnan Not Satisfied.
"I had been led to believe that in Seifert
we would find a man who might give valu
able information of the manner In which
Nora Fuller met her death. Ho dressed
much in the same fashion that Bennett is
represented to have assumed. Ho fre
quented the first-class restaurants in
company with women and the detective*
say he occasionally went to the Popular.
He was known to have been acquainted
with Emma Searight, and It was Interred
that through her he had made the ac
quaintance of Nora Fuller. He was par
ticularly fond of the society of young:
girls and his reputation was shady la
many particulars."
murder of Nora Puller. II*
had been led to believe by the detective
department, always zealous in blowing lt«
own horn, that the disreputable apothe
cary either had- a hand In tho crtmo or
knew who was guilty. Speaking of tho
arrest and the exoneration, Captain Witt
man said:
HIEP OP POLICE Wl'm
.W;'-> T MAN was much disappointed
If yesterday when it becam*
If ' / evident that, the .. arrest ot
j f Seifert would not help to
dear up tho mystery ot the
Seifert Is the
Assassin.
Leads Him to Believe
Does Not Know Grant.
r Jfr,? %Vr p no , w Mad * e Graham, Hugh
Grant, Mrs. Fuller nor any of the people
mentioned in connection wttfi the Fuller
tf^i l £\ exc *P«™ of Emma Sea
ripht. I looked on her as a child and
know nothing of her associates.
I shaved off my mustache about' two
weeks ago. It was burned in the middle
and looked badly, so 1 hud it cut off.. It
was not done with any intention of dis
guieing myse'.f I left the Winchester
House : because I owed a week's room rent
end did not have the -money to pay it. -I
continued to get my mall there and the
proprietor heid sorae belongings of mine
as security. These consist of clothing
some books and toilet stock. Since leav
ing the Winchester I have had no regular
room. Often I slept at the Turkish Baths
<?n Post street, and I frequently rented a
-4/cm at the Central lodging-house on
-Vrket street for one night at a time. I
w-s hard up during last month, but al
ways had enough to pay for a bed.
"I know nothing of any girl' going to
my room at the Winchester. - One nignt
Seifcrt Meets Emma Searlght.
"I was introduced to Emma Searlght by
Miss fepencet, who has charge of the per
fumery exhibit at Hole's. It was at the
time I intended opening a perfumery
place- at 710 Market street, and I spoke to
*:.ss Epencer about taking charge of the
business for me. She wanted more com
pensation than I thought I could pay, bo
she suggested Emma Searlght. who had
worked for her. during the holidays. I
expressed a desire to meet the girl and
come few days later I was introduced to
her in Hales. I hired her and told her to
report for duty some days later. Subse
quently I met her on the street once
Then she reported to the place at 710
Market etrect for two days. I never saw
her there, ns I wns engaged at that time
In solicijlrig advertisements for the Juve
nile Fairyland Carnival. I dldn"t pay her
for her services, but one day I met her
snd gave her a number of tickets to the
carnival. In settling up with the carni
val management I found I needed these
tickets, so 1 went out to Miss Searight's
house and .asked her for them. She
wouldn't give them to me. and we had a
lew words over the matter.. It may have
been ehe who started the police on the
A4<-a that I was connected with the Ful
+t murder.
~ "1 have not made any effort to dodge
the police. Up to last Wednesday I was
in San Francisco almost continuously,
walking on the streets openly, meeting
people who knew me, and on several oc
casions I met and talked with Lester and
T. • "* ho «woro out the warrant on
which I was arrested. I did obtain JGa
irom Lester and deceived him regarding
the Place at 710 Market street, but I gave
, m J* 3 ? back -and on my promise to pay
the balance In a few days he agreed not
to prers the matter of my arrest. If the
detectives were scouring the city for me.
us they claim, they must f have done a
very bungling Job. because I could have
been located in an hour by anybody who
was not a. sleuth. .
*>¦ A. SEIFERT. who was ar
/j T rested at Davisvllle on a
£jl i charge of felony embezzle-
El ' J meat and held as the man
\ggy Q suspected of being: the mur-
derer of Nora Fuller, was
brought to this city by De
tective Hamill at noon yesterday. He
v-as taken to the Hall of Justice, where
he was booked tor obtaining- money by
false pretenses.
fieifert was In an amiable frame of
mind at the City Jail, and was inclined
to treat lightly the charge that he was
connected with the Fuller murder In any
way. He repeatedly declared that he
would make no statement, having been,
advised to keep a close mouth by his at
• torney, but between such declarations he
fairly leaked information regarding him
self and his actions during the period
covering the disappearance of Nora Fil
ler and the discovery of her body in tho
Butter-street house.
"On the uiffht that Nora Fuller's body
tvas discovered I was at th© Palm Con
cert Hall on Ellis street." said tho
prisoner, "and there met a Constable from
ivxii&hts Landiiip. whom 1 formerly
knew. He introduced me to a couple of
friends, and wo all wont to the Turkish
baths on Post street. While there a man
came in and told us about the discovery
of the body, and we all went down to
the Morgue. That was after midnight.
• We looked at' the body, remaining- there
J>::bout fifteen minutes. Then I returned
\o the baths and spent the night. That
is the only time I have ever Been Nora
Fuller as far aa I know. I never met
her. and only knr-w of her name at that
time from reading in the papers that she
liad di:a.i>pcared.
SEYMOUR
DECEIVES
THE CHIEF
Claims to Know Noth
ing of the Mur
derer or Victim.
PRISONER
SAYS HE IS
INNOCENT
CAPTAIN OF DETECTIVES SEYMOUR MAKES PITIFUL
ATTEMPT TO FASTEN SHOCKING MURDER OF POOR
NORA FULLER UPON PHARMACIST CHARLES A. SEIFERT
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1902.
Pages 27 to 36
Pages 27 to 36Only one -of. the = four .matches • In •, the
opening round of the Council's; cup for
men has been played, and in this Thomas
G. McConkey beat Captain * D. J. Rum
baugrh, 7 up 6 to play. The match be
tween H. C. Golcher. and. Charles '.Page
and that betweeji Dr. C. J.' Decker, and S.
L. Abbot Jr. would have taken place yes
terday afternoon had not the players been
prevented' by the violent ' storm. The
match between : : Warren " Gregory and
George B. Cooksey cannot be playrd until
the" return .of the latter from- Los'rAn
sjeles,:where he Is entered for the men's
amateur l championship of ; the "; Pacific
'oast Golf Association^ •-¦¦•- ¦¦„:..¦ '¦ .
- On -Friday morning -Miss Alice Hagrr
tnd Mis* Alice, Hoffman played 'off- their,
natch i- in ,the semi-final round . for the
•ouncil's i cup, Miss Alice Hager. winning,
up 7toplay.:c The. final round,' between
'rs. : R. Oilman Brown ' and Miss "Alice
?ager : will be -played' on^.Wcdricsday
.aorning, beginning at 10 o'clock."^" .• ; ;¦ ¦"; n'
Fifteen caddies af the San Francisco
Golf Club took part at the Presidio link's
yesterday morning in a handicap tourna
ment over eighteen holes. The lowest
gross score, 91, and the lowest net score
89. were made by Frank Collins, who won
first prize. "Trix" Kelly was at scratch,
and with a gross and net s. ore of 100 took
fifth place.- "Shorty".- Welch was second,
with 103 less 12; net 91. The handicaps
were arranged by William Johnstone, the
club professional, and varied from two to
thirty.* The full scores are shown in the
table: . . , • - w ....
san ji golf e club1caddie S ':
COMPETITORS.. ' ,?'' S*.;.
'-', ; . ¦¦¦;¦¦ ¦ ¦ : • ¦ • p . :
•B
Frank Collins ¦. 01 -2 '89
"Shorty" Welch '...... 103 12' 01
Arthur Hallett ..........:.... 109 12 87
Earl Nagle ....;.i. ........... 124 26 08
Trlx Kelly 100 .. i 98
William Thornton :.... '104-4 100
Sherwood Langford 103 - 2 101 .
Frank Pierce :. ll»)' :18 101.
Jack Gaxiola ... ....... ....... 133 30 10.1
Tom McQueenle .............. 124 ,18 106
Bill Hins .';....:.:....'........ 136 '30 106
Gua Hlnz J36 30 106
Eugene Thornton- : .'.Y..7..... 127 18 '109
William Winslow: ...149 30 110
Tlmmy Cleary -...............' 1J3' i30 >143
GOLF CADDIES PLAY
ON PRESIDIO LINKS
While engaged In pulling up Corrigan
after the Derby had been decided the colt
6tatnbled, dumping Bullman into the mud
O Connor performed the vaquero act by
galloping over and catching the riderless
horse. ¦ . ••¦ ¦ — ¦ ¦ ¦ -, ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . •, • - -
' Besides winning the Derby on Sombrero
Winnie O'Connor also rode Dorian and
Duckoy, which horses annexed purses.
Report has it that Johnny Bullman may
ride for the Belmont table the coming
season. . .
By starting In races on flye consecutive
days, in -two of which he was returned
a winner, Phil Archibald holds the sea
son's record. -. . •
Homestead is a poor "mudder," which
left the work for his stable mate, Som«
brero. . • :
Troxler did not get away well with
Urchin and then made too much early
use of the gelding. • *
Dick Dwyer and Jake Holtman have
again been engaged to do the starting at
the \Vlndsor, Ont., meeting this summer.
Jake Holtman will finish the season out
at Oakland and then leaves for Memphis.
Lomond was a good thing in the third
race that became becalmed.
Track Note;
Ostend, France, is to have this summer,
In connection with the hygienic and fish
eries exhibition, ¦ a special display of all
the . devices and remedies suggested
against seasickness.' ¦¦¦'¦'- ¦ ¦ *.
Many figured the hard race Sombrero
had with Colonel Ballantyne only four
days before had dulled his speed and that
when he came to shoulder 122 pounds yes
terday he would not be there. This un
doubtedly caused « the good price : laid
about Green Morris' colt. Then again,
Corrigan had treen doing nicely In his
work and the faith pinned in his chances
by the Burns & "W'ateVhouse stable folks
sent the black fellow to the post a 12 to
5 second choice. : "Waterscratch, in receipt
of allowances, carrying 114 pounds, had
many friends and disappointed them fear
fully. "Dell" Fountain sent a commission
into the ring on his entry, Jlngler, cutting -,
the price from 60 to 30.
With the exception of Bullman, on Cor
rigan, all three of the other starters
caused Jake Holtman some uneasiness at
the post by their ungentlemanly behavior.
He finally caught all four well aligned
and released the -barrier. Woods astride
Waterscratch getting way first. Bullman
almost immediately passed him with Cor
rigan, showing the way for a mile. Then
O'Connor moved up with the favorite,
and from there on to the wire It nar
rowed down to a procession, Sombrero
winning under restraint by three lengths
in 2:16Vi. A stone's throw behind Corri-
Kan came Waterscratch, eased up by
Woods, and -hopelessly in the far rear
followed Jlneler. . . -
Although only two favorites captured
purser the books did not enjoy a profit
able day of \V Montoya, Phil Archibald,
the "horseomobile" which rests only on
the Sabbath day; Dorian and Mission all
brought gloom to the ring by their vic
tories. .
Dr. H. E. Rowell's colt Montoya won
ing long chances with grim pneu- 1
monla in an endeavor to secure- points of
vantage from which to view the race; a
moving mass of humanity with raised
umbrellas standing on the asphaltum In
front Qf the stand, looking for all the
world like a mushroom patch In France,
and one has an idea of the conditions un
der which the California Derby was 'fun
yesterday at Oakland. . -..',,
It was decided over one and a quarter
miles and . was worth $2400 to the first
horse, its gross value being $3000. Only
four three-year-olds appeared, for the test
and .the public could eee but one horse —
Sombrero, the Morris entry with "Winnie
O'Connor in the saddle. The fifteen book
makers laid 9 to 10 and even money
against the game chestnut and hoped for
his defeat, but he won In decisive fashion.
A SHRIEKING, howling "sou'west
er" driving the rain In almost
blinding sheets over the cours?.; a
large and enthusiastic crowd tak-
Phil Archibald showed to be tough tim
ber by starting again in the Futurity
course sprint and scoring easily at odds
of 4% to 1. Roscoe Troxler rode -a per
fectly rated race on the big bay. horse,
catching Hilary at the paddock and win
ning by three open lengths. Loyal S again
finished in third place at long odds.'
There" Is no telling where old Dorian
will stop, now that he appears to- have
regained his racing legs. The books laid
4\L to 1 against his chances of taking the
second six-furlong ' sprint. He was in
.front most of the way and disposed^ of
Bassenzo, the 7 to 5 favorite, without
much effort. Ransch landed Cuban Girl,
a 20 to 1 shot, in the show. '
Mission was the inside tip' in the mile
selling run.. his price falling from 6 to 4,
and he returned with the money. Ransch.
who had the mount, got away, first, and
was -never headed. O'Connor, by hard
riding, dropped Formero down, in tho
place, several lengths In advance of Hun
garian. Urchin, the second choice, made
a poor showing. , ; ' , » , .
Green Morris' mud lark; Duckoy, par
tially redeemed himself for his defeat
some days ago .when a 1 to 5 chance by
lowering the colors of.Meehanus in the
closing seven . furlong run. O'Connor 'let
the Morris horse step right out In front,
racing Meehanus to a standstill. The lat
ter ran gamely enough, being merely out
footed and downed at leisure. Impromptu
ran a good third. .
the Introductory six-furlong sprint in
three splashes. s Inocencia, from the sta
ble of George Baldwin, was played down
to favoritism, but evidently did not take
to the slushy footing. Woods took Mon
toya away in the lead, winning in rag
time from Lemuel. • •
Hand's alternating system of playlnc
the races: Is undoubtedly a success, as
his subscribers are' winning money' in
chunks at Oakland. Three well-known
bookmaker*! have quit booking and are
new operating this system. , On Hand's
figures one of them ls over $4000 winner
on past eighteen days' play. Hand is
operating a pool on his system and ac
cepts commissions at 113 Stockton" street
from $20 up. • . ¦ • •
Won Over $4000 in Eighteen Days.
The greyhounds ran at Union Coursing
"Park yesterday in the worst weather the
followers of that Bport even experienced
on this coast. Judge Grace and the field
officials felt the brunt of the storm, as
they were In the saddle continuously for
eIx hours.
There were an unusual number of un
decided courses, that is where each grey
hound scores an equal number of points
and the trial has to be run over again.
It epeaks volumes for the honesty and
conscientious work of Judge Grace that
he did not strain a point occasionally and
end the discomfort under which "he and
his assistants were performing their
duties. - '»¦
The damp weather had a depressing ef
fect on the hares, which seemed dis
inclined to exert themselves In several in
etances. resulting in short courses.
The dogs left In for to-day'a coursing
ar« unusually well matched. Both Flakes
have an open look and there aro no pro
nounced favorites. In the special event
Itomaa Athlete. War Eagle. Bonnie
Pasha, Homer Boy. Tralee Boy and Game
Boy are all quoted at 6 to 1 in the long
odds book.
In the open etake Bad Boy has been
Installed favorite at odds of 4 to 1. Fair
Oaks. Mamie Pleasant, Roy Hughlo and
lioRrua Brummel are at G to 1.
The favorites won consistently yester
day, there being few upsets. John Doe
brat Santonin at J to 1; Freeze Out beat
Flying Fox and Firm Fellow beat WedRO-
Tiood at 2 to 1. Agamemnon beat Rich
Arcoey at 3 to 1. ' r ~ ; ' *' ¦
Th» day's results, with Judge John
Grace's official soonv, follow: .
Gpeclal ctike— Alamedn Kennels' Mclroic
l.od beat Patha Kenneli' Fiery Face, 5-.'t;
Cblarinl Brother*' Dewdrop beat J. Carroll'*
Auckland. 6-3; A. R. CurtH 1 Lobt Chord beat
O. fcharmms Little Sister. 10-7. I>aslta Ken
»el»* Romitn Athlete beat A. II. Curtis'
(Tharta, 3-2:' A. R. Curtis' Jxu]» beat B.
O«ary'« Hubjr Eankey, 8-1; A. n. Curtis* War
Eagle bcit Chiarlnl Brother'/ W'».He Hat. b-ii
Oeotee fiharman'B Firm Fellow bent F. Jones"
Wedgewood. 6-2; P. J. Rally's Royal Union
beat 1Z. Geary's Fannie Hugliic, 4-0; Pasha
Kennels* Real Article beat C. Pickard'* BHjcht
Gold. 10-5: Stert & KnowlrV Froeze Out beat
A. R. Curtla" Flylnr Fox, 11-7: E. Geary'i
Bonnie Pasha brat P. M. Oarkson's Golden
Garter, 4-2: J. L. Roes' Fontenoy beat Sterl
*-. Knowles' Cold Ehlvcrs. 5-3; A. R. Curtis'
Nartlesu* beat A. Vandersvhite's Flora Mr-
Dortald, 6-0: O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat P. M.
Clarkson's Bofala, 4-2: D. J. Healey'K Kllsta
brat E. Gearj-'« Ireland. O-O: T. J. C-onin's
Vandal beat V. J. Healey's Tapioca. 0-4; T.
J. Cronin's Tralee Boy beat H. H. Gray's
Itor.a, 3-0; J. L. Roes' Mnyflower beat E.
Geary'" Fcnii, 11-1: J. It. McCarthy's John
T»je beat Chiarlnl Brother.*' Santonin, 5-2* J.
L. Ross' Game Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Itural
Artist (-< ).
Open «take— T. Burkc'g Asrgle TV beat P. M.
ClarkRon'8 Miss Brummel. 4-0; J. Sheridan's
Forest Queen beat \V. Johnson's Articulate,
11-2; A!am«da K*>nnpls' Lilac beat J. -.Mc-
Grath'n Blower. 29-14; F. Rosen brnrpr's Lady
Chlqulta boat G. B. Merrills Warpath. 8-5;
J. bhea'B Sl'm beat \V. <\ de B. Lopez's fnur
ae», 7-2; M. Xealon'u Fred Freedom beat T.
Coleman'B Oottrm Ball, 5-3: K. Oeary's Fair
Oaks beat T. Burke's Lottie W, 3-1; \V.
Calrn'e Imperial beat J. A. Klein's Coronado,
6-2: L. M. Connell's Black Coon beat K. Con
loy's Amy B, 6-5; B. Senderman's Comlque
beat D. Wleklng's La Kstrclla, 6-1: W. Cairn's
Melrote Boy beat E. Geary's Dathy. 13-1C: T.
Burke'e Sotoyome beat G. Sexsmith's Fulton
Boy. 12-3; F. Brown's Go Klow beat Pa&ha
Kennels' Roving Arab, 5-4; K. Geary's Bonnie
Hughie beat E. N. Whiteside's Flower Fritnd.
21-9; P. Mulla.rky"B Mamie Pleasant beat E.
Geary's Little Jim, 8-3; f\ O. Peterson's Sil
ver Cloud beat T. Cox's Crockett Hill. 4-O; P.
Ilorznn's Peerless beat Pasha Kennels' . Reck
less Admirer, 4-O; L. S. Barre's Boodle Boy
beat Alaiaeda Kennelg' Black Bart, 5-0; C. O.
Peterson's Haphazard a bye. Jingle Bells with
drawn; A. ' R. Curtis' Vulcan beat F. Rosen
berger's My Nell; Q. Sharman's Sir Paeha
J**.t F. Jones' Tyrone i Prince, 5-2; T. W.
Bartel's Bogus Baron beat G. Sharman's Gold
Bug. 10-5; Alameda Kennels' Clarice belt A.
R. Curtis" Galatea, .°»-0; T. W. Barter s Bogus
Brummel a bye. Friendly withdrawn; W
Cairns' Gold Ore beat J. J. Hlggrins" Tul Jfoi,
26-3: J. M. Carroll's Lady Menlo beat "W.
Cairns' Bastlake, 6-0; T. Manor's Bad Boy
beat Parha Kennele* Regal Attire. 3-1: F.
Ronenberper's Master Ely beat R. A. Frink's
Fiery Friend, 7-4; SI. Nealon's Agamemnon
beat Pasha Kennels' Rich Argosy, 5-2; E.
Oeary*» Roy Hu?hie beat M. Dillon's Chal
!«E*er. 3-2; E. Zelph's Glen Coe beat J. M.
Carroll's Cascade. 2-O; P. M. C.arkson's Flow
er of Gold beat C. dock's Alameda Lad. 3-O.
Big Sale of Harness.
All goods marked in plain figures. Spe
cial 10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Leibold Harness Co., 211
Larkin street. " . . •
Issues Special Bulletin.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' A»5
coci&tion has Issued a. special bulletin for
the benefit ot the Native Sons and Native
Daughters. Appeal is made to the differ
ent parlors to assist as far as possible in
«.d\-ertlsimj and encouraging: the State's
industries and products. A course of ac
tion by which the most beneficial results
may be achieved ls outlined in the bulle
tin.
Will Purcliase Plant.
The Bakersfleld Iron Works was incor
porated yesterday for $150,000. The di
rectors are W. F. Chandler. W. A. Jacobs
TV. 8. Porter, O. Scribner and F. H; Buck.
Tfa« new company will purchase the plant
Jn Bakersneld now owned by C. A. Can-
Held and J. A. Chanslor.
The boisterous reception accorded Ref.
cree Phil Wand's decision in the Welch.
McFaddcn bout' was not warranted, ac
cording'to the opinion of nomo experts
on boxing. McFadden forced the fighting
throughout and was entitled to'credlt for
his work. Welch was glad to have it no
worse than a . draw and nobody was In
jured. There was comparatively littlo
betting on the fight, certainly not enough
to warrant the tumult which developed.
His attitude was strained and he seemed
to lose his head. With a stiff puncher In
front of him there might have -, been a
different ending to the light.
Britt has one good quanty, highly de
veloped. r He heeds only the wordB of his
seconds and carries them out to the let
ter. .With', clever handlers behind him
this win alwayaibe a great advantage.
There are a number of boxero whom
Britt might meet. Jimmy Lawlor ia do
Biroua of breaking, into the game again.
¦Sammy Maxwell has also 'been suggested.
Herrera thinks he- could elvo the new
aspirant for championship honors a good
argument. ,
Jack O'Brien ia fluttering about seeking
a match. He is said not to be possessed
of his once great hitting powers and ia
not considered as formidable as his rec
ord would Indicate. He is said never to
have recovered from the effects of a de
feat ho ' suffered at tho hands of Frank
Krno. ¦ . i
Britt is considered a good drawing card
by the club managers and efforts are al
ready being made to sign' him for another
match.. The consensus of, opinion among
men who saw the fight was that he must
get some practice with boxers who are
not in the tlrst flight. He has much to
learn of the professional lighter's art, aa
he is probably willing to confess after
the way. Hegarty confused him in -the
first four rounds. , '-•• ¦••:'¦¦ ¦ ..'
\ Jimmy Britt and Tim Hegarty were
"about i yesterday 1 showing few marks as
the result of their encounter'Friday night
BritJ.'s nose,, which had sonieof the cuti
cle rubbed off ; while he was training,
some: abrasions -and one o£ his
eyes -was puffy, but otherwise be was
unhurt, ¦ Hegarty had no marks.
Rain Palls Without Ces
sation at Union
Park.
Unusual Number of Undecided
Courses Marks the
Sport
Adv sers , Want Him' to Try
Some Easy Ones ibr
: a WMie. ?:;jih
! • ' •„• ¦ Betting.
Index Horse and Weight. St. H- 9*. Str Tin. Owner and Jockey. Op. - ; Ct.
334S Montoya 107 2 13 1 114 1 3 1~3 " H. E. RoweU.J. Woods " 2 11-5
;ms Lemuel -...107 1" 23 23 262 10 W. H. Ketcheman..Trxlr 3 T
:«15 Inocencla 1OS 8 8h 8 2 3 4 3 1 O. W. Baldwin.. O'Connr 6-5 7-6
3.-U8 Lento 107 6 5 6 5 4 3 Nell & Blazer. ..Ransch 10 ; 13
a3JS Dreton ......107 4 4 2 4 5 4 1 5 Chlnn & Forsythc.Blrk 0 10
Time— \'t, :21?i; ft. :50%; %, 1:18ft. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driv
ing. Winner. H. E. Rowell's ch. c. by Amlgo-Paola. Winner should have been the favor
lte. Inocencia will probably do better on a dry track. Breton lacked any sort of speed.
3372. SECOXD RACE — Futurity courae; celling; four-year-olds and. up; to first, $325..
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. , %. Str. Fin. Owner, and Jockty. Op Ct "(fl. .,
< .^i 5 « ) S-., Arch i bald ' 4 "^ 09 " 2 B4 Bh 11 - 18 Cfane & Co...... Troxler *10-5 0-2
A«« Hilary. 5 HO 3 '11 13 24 24 Piedmont Stable. . .Prior ' 8-6 7-5
3365 Loyal S. 4 Ill 4 4 1 3 H 3 1 32 V. Gilbert:... ..Boreman 15 60
/£¦•&¦« J£ vat ? r# 6 - *' 112 8 76 64 4 1-42 H. E.'Rowell Conley. .3 • 4
C ™£? ha PP ie - a ; "0 1 2 2 21 6 1 5 V, I. Morehout=e. ....Ransch 7 8
Bcnitary. 4.......104 5 3 1 7 10 6 1 Cl ¦ C. Albert.. '..:... J. Daly ' 50 * EO
**W Expedient. 5 110 7 8 8 7 10 7 10 P. E. Smith Howson 20 15
J^Z-Jf 0^- Baron r 6-. -.110 0 0142 8 8 |H. L. Haskell. . . ....Bell 00 • 100
Time— To *i. :22%; to %. :4S; last %. 1:08; short %, 1:16%. Bad start. Won easily. Sec
ond and third. driving. Winner. J. M. Crane & Co.'s b. h. by Artillery-Flossie. Troxler on
winner rode a nicely Judged race. Hilary not game. Too short lor Lavator. Scratched —
Rasp 10(3, Invictus 106. * .
3373. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; to tlrst. $325. ''.-' ¦',-• .
Index Hors*. Age. Weight. St. \j. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci*.
£2&l £ orla ". * IIS 3 2 h 11H 12 13. G. B. Morris... O'Connor 4 7-2
(.W<i4) Baasenzo. • 3 101 2 3 4 3 5 2^ 2 5 C.J. Foy. . . .'. . . J. Daly 8-5 ' 7-5
33(t2 Cuban Girl. 4.... 110 4 11 2 1 8 2 .3 2 P. Corrl gan......Ran»ch •' 12 20
-tt.8 Hamero. 6 115 6 5 10.4 3 4 6 4 10 D. Cameron .Conley 8- '6
2211) Lomond. 5 118 1 45 6 10 6 6 61 Magrane & Co. .Bullman 7-2 7-2
:;.!. 1 5 Morengo. 6 121 7 6h7 1 610 4 O'Brien & Co. .J. Woods 20 60
:KJ55 Major Hooker, a.. 116 6 72 86 7% - 75 N. M. Jortall. .McKehna 100 300
«KM5 Skip Me. 4 11U 8 81 9 8 0 8 10 Covlngton & Co..Vlckery 20 100
lmponente. 4 110 V 9 6% 9 » - . John Barker I'rlor 20 100
Tlrae— Vi. :25Vi; 14. :51; ?i. 1:20%. Fair start Won easily. Second and third driving.
WJnner, G. B. Monis' b. h. by Sir Modred-Glendora. Dorian galloped. Basaenzo cut. oft
on stretch turn/ Cuban Girl ran a very fair race. Plaraerohard to jruess. Lomond a sup-
3:*7-l» FOURTH HACK — l'.j miles; California Derby; threc-ycar-olds; to first. $2400.
Index IHorse and Weight. St.' Bid. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op! "(fl*.
(3.150) Sombrero 1122 3 3 4 8 8 12 13 O. B. Morris.. O'Connor 7-10 0-10
XlfiH Corrlgan 122 2 Ih 1 h 2 20 2 40 Burns & Watrhs.Bullmn 3X12-5
(X144) Watrracratch ....114 1 2 2 2 2 3 15 » 30' Summers & Co. J. Wood* 8-5 10-5
IB24H) Jlngler 114 4 4 4 * 4 |P. B. Fountain. .Ilowaon 12 _30
Time— U. :2«V4: M. :**'/. K. 1:20; m, 1:4S; 1H«i. 2:16%. Good start. Won easily.- Second
and third driving Winner, G. B. Morris'" ch. c. by BUr Ruby. La, Toquera. Sombrero
nutclasiied his company. W nterscratch quit badly before a mile had been covered, Corrl-
:t:t75. FIFTH rtACK-^Ono mile; selling: four-year-old» and up; to first, $325.
j ~ * !"" j ~) BotUnw.,
Index |IIorsr. Age. Weight. St. . }«. It. 8tr. Fin. Owntr and Jockey. Op. Cl.
IIVA Mission, D 100 1 1~4 TI Ti ll J. Wilson... .....Itansch ~~1 4
.T».V» Pormero, (J 100 .V 41 42 24 28 J. Hackett O'Connor 8-8 8-5
'XU'.* UunKarian. 0 ....100 2 2 1 3h 3 3 3 10 G. \V. Miller.. . .Howson 2 4
.Ttr.6 Urchin. 6 100 « 3 1 2h 4fl 44 D. V. Cox Troxler 3 13-5
S281 H. del S. Juan, a.108 7 0 6 U 10 S 10 5 10 M. I"nrst«-r J. Wood* 10 40
XUa .George Dewpy, 4.. »O 4 O 10 B 13 « 30 « 15 Miss V. U«-«d. .Wtn«lett«> .100 200
:«U2 jGraylette. 4 102 5 7 7 7 7 13. A. Chappell.Waterbry 100__ 200
Time— U, :27V«: W, :53H: %, 1:20; mile. 1:40%. Good start. "Won easily, kecond and third
driving. Winner, J. Wilson's ch. k. by Albert-Annie I.nyne. Mission beat his Held away.
Kormrro (Imply outfooted. Hungarian cut off two or three times and ridden wide- into
stretch. Urchin hustled too much flrat part probably
3JJ7G. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up: to first. $325.
i ' : i ~ . ,- • Belting.
lndex|H6rse, Age, Weight. St. %. H- Str. Pin. Owner and Jockty. Op. Cl.
3831 Duckoy, 5 100 2 1H Hi 12U1 4 O. R Morris... O'Connor *6.5 1
B3S1 Mcehanun, ti 112 4 2h 2 114 2 2 -2*4 Caesar Young... .Jackson 8-5 11-G
:«45 Impromptu, 4 ....100 .'< 42 34 31 38 Montana Stable. . Kansch • 4 C
CC»7) Wyoming, a 101) 65 4 5 4 25 4 30 Brown & Co...J. Woods . .'! 18-R
Algreta. a 103 1 3 1^ 6 B 8' J. A. Murry. . . .Spargur CO 100
Time— M, :Z1K; & '¦*$%: %. 1:18%; Ti. 1:32. Good start. 'Won easily. Second and third '
driving. Winner, G. B. Morris* b. g. by, Brutus- Decoy Duck. Duckoy came back all right
from the repair shop. Mcehanus ran his race. So did Impromptu.
New Boxer Will Have a
"W;ide Choice of
Opponents.
OAKLAND BACETRACK— Saturday, Mar. 1. 1902.— Weather rainy. Track sloppy.
3371. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-oMs; to flrat, -. $320. .' . .. . /
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
HOUNDS COURSE
IN HARD STORM
MANY ARE EAGER
TO FIGHT BRITT
RESULTS OF SATURDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALL, SUNDAY; MARCH 2, 190^.
28
OCEAN TRAVEL.
l^NOME
I Hm^ SAILINGS.
!. , Wp»®spfv*. THE FIRS f class '
'm^SSBi POi? TLAND
¦ tt\ ' I- WILL BAIL FOR
' Leaving San Francisco .Acrll 19th
Leaving Seattle ........April 26th
For Freight and Passage Apply • to ~
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
645 Market st, San Francisco. * '
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.. Puget
Sound Atrent. Seattle, Wash.
EUROPE.
THIRTY TOURS FROM NEW YORK.
APRIL TO ¦ AUGUST, 1002.
Series 'A, Mediterranean Vacation Tour. ...
¦ #V. $400 to $523
Series B. North Atlantic Vacation Tour
. . $245. to $635
Series C. Spring and Summer Tours...!..:
$605 to $1000
I* All fully, described in illustrated pamphlets,
to be had for the asking. • When applying state
which series ¦ preferred. ¦ .
.H<)>. COOK & X 5ON,
62? Market Street, S. F:
A TOUR TO
UNDER PERSONAL ESCORT. '
. LEAVING ' PAN FRANCISCO MARCH 8.
Full particulars of , ¦ ¦ ¦ . • ; -. ¦•
: . RAYMOND & WHITCOMB CO.,
61 - Crocker building. San Francisco.
;#ceanic.s.S£o, '
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu ..i.......
' ' '- i . . . Saturday, March 8, 2 p. m.
S8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
"'. land and Sydney .'.Thurs., March 20, 10 a. m
- SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ...;.......... . "
• • ¦ • .Saturday, March 20, 10 a. m.
t. D.SPittfktLS & im. nu , biaariL flgsnts. 327 Market ft
fieD'l Pasasngar Qflto, 143 Mirta St., Hw Ho. I PadSu St.
PANAMA R, R,S
TO NEW YORK YiA MANAMA D'R£CT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
8. S. Argyll • ; 'sails Monday, Mar. J7
8. S.Leelanaw 6ails» Monday, ;] Mar 24
jS.'S /rftyll snils insday. Appil^JU
From Howard-street wharf 'at 2 p. m. .
Freight and Passenger. OfHce. 330 'Market st
F. F.f CONNOR. ¦ Paciflc Coast ' Agent. ' ,.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St; Michael;
For passencer and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY.
• • • '•' . ,; Crocker building.
. V Operating stage - lines * between ', Illamna ' Bay
and. above points. ¦'., ." > /. ,' ¦¦¦¦'.
COMPlONli . CENERAM , : IBAN8ATI.ANTlQai
DIRECT LINE TO 1 H-AVRE-PARIS.
faalUnj," every Thursday, -Instead- of . /Xiiilj.'
: Saturday, at 10 , a. m. from pier 42. > •?ttrmBt...
North Kiver, foot r of Morton street. ' - -
1 First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. ' GENERAL
AGKNCY FOR - UNITED ¦ STATES 'and • CAN-,!
ADA.: 32 Broadway , (Hudsoh' building). t New ;
• York. .;-. J. . F. ,-. FUQAZI . & ' CO.. '• Paciflc ; Coast i
Agents. .5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets ; sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
' '' AM£iB.zci!JV • Xjirwia. ;.' -
NEW • YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.'
St. Paul,- Mar. 12,10 w PhiladeL.Mar. 28.10 aji
St. Lou Is, Mar. 19, 10 am St. 'Paul. 'Apt. 2, 10 am
,K, H_EJI> XjI3VB. ' ¦ I
-¦-..: NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Vaderland, Mar.l2,nuon'Ho.verford.. Mar.20,noon
Kens' gton, . Mar.llt.noo.i Friesland," ASr. 2,"' noon
s,. r INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., -
'. CHAS. D. - TAYLOR. 30 Montgomery at. • '
? '.'_'„ BAH. WAY TBAVEIfc
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'1' i*m In* l9i%t 0 mm*S Hff <iM* |# nrdf # i>#
M4N ritAN4:iM«;o.
' - (Main Line. Foot of M»tk«t 3tr»««.)
ICATK — From FxBRCAKT 9, 1903. — JUUtXTl
7:00a llenicla, Sulsuu, Elmlr* and 8«er»-
meuto. ................ C'SSv
TsOOa VacavlUe.'Wlatm, Kanuay - 7>O3»
: :Uoa Mattinex,. < Uu U»i>ion, Vallejo, Kspa.
ColUbiaainlitent* Uoh.. iitSp
8:00a D»ri», Woodlaud, Knigttts L»odlag.
. ftlaryatille, Orotlllo 7tS1»
8i00* Atlantin Kxpress— Ogden tad Kul *:XZ\
«:<»•* Mies. Lsthrop, Stockton tt*^r
Ss»O.t Nil's. Urn.li.t*. Haaford. VlsalK
Portnrrllls „.. 4tS3»
S:3Wi Shnat« Kxpress— Datiii, Winiana 'for
KKrtlett Hprings). WUlowm, Rod
Bluff. PortUmL. 7i8»»
¦ ¦30* Sun .lone, Mtenuora, Aknekton,
lone. HnnraiiiHtito. PlaovnriUa,
M ,r;-»»li:.- Chten. lln.l ItlutT 4i».1»
HiSUa OalnUlf. Cbtncaa.Sonora, Tuolomn* 4:S3»
!>:<><»* H»Tn»rd. Nlb-a aud W»j SUtloua.. Iliia*
9im»» Vallrjo las39»
WiUOa ~Um Anseles Ejcpreu — MsrUnn.
Trao;, L«tlir»p. Htooktoa, Merced
Fresno and Loa Augnlfa .... ' 7iB3i
0:»Oa V.ill. I... Martinttx an.l Way fltatlnm ?i»3r
I O:«»a TIih i)r tr l*Mil Uiitlted— Ogdeo, L'on-
,« Ter. Omaba. CUcago iia5»
tl:»»p.Sacr»ii>riiti. tMrerrtioanmrn «lllOU> -
2<u»r l;<-niri», - Winters. flaeramento.
; \Viio.i:»i,a. K»lkhU l.aiiilliig.
M»rr<i*Uli*. «>ro*lll« ll»iS»a
8:3Op Itnyw «nl. Nllrs aurt Wajr KUtlmit.. 7:3a?
4:a»p MartliiQX, Han Ramon, Vullejo.
Niipn. ruliiit.iica. S»ia» i:.>«» »-3.1\
¦«:OOf Ni!e<. Llfcrmoro. 8tockton. Lcxll... 12 -4.1p
*-.:i>tr Howard. Nile*. HaiL-lime, U»nrnor« t»>A5*
4:3<»r The Owl l.irnite.1 L. rreano. Tulara,
IiaJiaraael<l. .SangiiB for Santa Uax-
l>:ira, !,<>¦ Angeles iiSS*
BiOOp Port Coat*. Trxey. l-»tbrop, Stockton I t»tS3 »
: S:iM»p Martin- z. Antiucli, Stockton, Mer-
<wd, Fresno I*t93»
Htnitp llaywaiii, NUea and San Joss liS-Vt
<a:O»r V»l!«Jo IliUt
«;O<> i- «• rental Mall— O(den. Denver.
Omalia. St LoiUa. Chtcaffo 4i33»
?i«Wr Oregon and California Kx|>reM.Hao>
- ¦ / rnmmito MnrynTllta,' ItwMtnv.
r<trtlnii.f. I'.ignt riiiimil Mini E*at f (35*
¦tA.lpSan Pablo, P..ri Costa, JUrtluei
an.l Way HUtloiM 11.33*
t*»«TP Vall^j.. ?i»a» •
COAST TilNK (Harrow Can**).
(Foot of Mnrket 3tr«ei.> ¦
¦il»* Nenarli.l'(tiiti)r«]lle,»aiiJ<Me,ir«lton >
ItotildtirC'rrek.SatiUOfuf audWay
HUUimi , tkSft?
13il.1p Newark. Center*III». flan .low, Nuw
Alniailsu, pulton, IbmMer Or«ok.
Hant.t ()>iii and I'tluolpal Way
Stations K»;n»»
4tl5p Newark, Nau ,loa«. Ixm Oatos t*:3l»»
«9.3ur Hunters' Train -San Jom and Way
Butloni V7A%*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ftoa SIS raiXCbCa— raov »f Mukst Strnt (SUi g>—
tl-.U 0:00 Jl.OOA.U. 1:C3 3:33 6Ut>.W.
from 0ilLU3_r»il ••JJruJ»«j.— t'l.UO (tiXO t3.0»
10:00 t.M. 12:00 I QJ i;03r.M. J
COAST LINE (llroa.l flaaj.). *
(Third and Townseml 3tn)
O:IDa San Jcsaand Way Mtatlona....^.... «i4»a
7:lH>A Han Juso and Way SUtlmis... t><**A
/7:«ii* Naw Alxraiien. ,. / «ilflr
SiOOACotitt Line Limited — Ha Jom,
Ollrx Siliuas. Bar. Lola Obiipo.
-, '¦•-¦- 8knt,» Barbara. Lo* Aneelca aod
principal Intermediate tUtkras.... I*i*3»
BiOOa Mmi .]<¦>». Trem I'luos. Haut^i'rn^,
PmcIiIo *4io*«, -alln»s ten Lola
¦ Oblspo »nJ Prindpa'iutcnnodUU .
St.at.|..ns ... 4ll*T
10i:io A Sun Ji se and Way Stations.......... ilMA
I I:HWa Han Jons iu»l Way Hlatlona »i4«A
tSil»r San Alateo. lUdwood. Mculo Park;
l'alo A I to. Santa Clan. Han .I«m,
Trea PIucs. 8anU <.'rn«. Sallnaa.
Moiuerryai"! PaoIRa Grova fl*** 9 *
Sa»r -an .!<.«» and W«y Station*. ItSap
H:l»r flao.lotaantt Principal Way .Station! 3i*O»
«»0Or Sr ¦¦ wt IJmtted— Monday*. We<ln«i-
/ dtra. KrlU+yn, for.Lo* Anfelw, El
l'xo Naw I 'rlsans and Saw York.
Arrivea H&ndajs Tueadajs aatt
Thursdaya !»•»»*
t»«OOr Sn>. Jom, Loa G&toa) and Principal
WaySUUona »»j»«a
SiSttp Sau Jose »ml Prinefnal Way Stations «¦»«»
«i.t«pMao.IoiH-aii<l WarHUtloua ?•*•»
7i00r New Orleans Ezpran— Ban Lola
Obiapo, Santa K.fh»ra, Im An-
gelm. D mine, O Fuo, Jfaw.Or-
laans and E.st „ II«««»
IIM.TpSan J»,gw«tf<t Way 8Utlona ?.*9t
A for Morning. p for A 1 ternooo
t AiiikUj essaiited. t hnndaf only
ftf s.:_ur4ay oul7< / Tuesdays and TrldayiL,
honirt iAGIFiC GQASr RAiLnu*u v
; Vla Sausallta Ferry ritm.
Commencing September 29. 1901. "*^^»X.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXEY "
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30, *9:3o, 11:00 a. m..
*l:t5. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15.' «6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley And San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 0::U) and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *8:00. "10:00. «n:30 a. m.. *1:13.
3:15. »4: 45. 0:30, 0:30 p. m.
Tr.iln.« marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAM FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25. B:27. 7:45, 3:33. 10.13
a. m.. *12:25, 2:15. «U:35. 4:40. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays sit 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *S:00. *10:00, 11:45 a. m.,
?l:4i). •3:15. 4:45, *t>:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a rr.. 12:55. 2:45. 3:30, 5:10 p. m.
.EXTRA: TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:05. 10:05 a. m.-. 12:05. 2:13.
3:30. 5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:."5 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. • -
. 1:43 t>- rn- Saturdays^ — Duncan Mills and way
stattir.a.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. I
¦ Le**l rroll«33y boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
m -, s& *™r-*s j: is f
Tin. 3u> FmacWa to Summit »4 fUmra. 11.90.
xubt ooo«, «a iuxais ixaxsz »d sassauxo warn
RAILWAY TRAVCL.
Santa Fe
Trains-baiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'dlOvrl'd Local
Dally Daily | Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 0:0Oa|8:0Op 4:20p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11 :"l0 p 7:18 p,
" Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a 0:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05 p 2;3Sp .'1:15 a 10:00 p
"Hanford.". 3:12 p S:27p 8:00 a
"Visalla... 3:39p S:00a
" Bakersfld 6:15 p f>:20p 7:45a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a ......
"Chicago.. 2:15 p 9:00. p ..r...
a for morning:, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago.- Chair Car'
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No EeccnJ-
class tickets are honored on thl3 train. Cor^
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.-
• 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fr^mr
¦local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:U0 '
p. m. dally. .
8' p. m. is the Overland Express. Vith
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also'
Palace Sleeper, , which cuts out .at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a, m. ia Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, .San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ' " .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
"LESSEES .'
SAN FRANCiSGO aN'J NORTH PACIFIC
Z RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
**an c ra»»ci«co to .'an Rafael.
WEEK DATS — 7:30, 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:03,
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays^ — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m^; 1:00, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. -
an .-'affjiel t^ **an
WEEK DATS— 6:10, 7:50. 0:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:53 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:10. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40/ 3:40,
5 : 05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arrive ,
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1001J San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 , I Sun- I \Veek*
Days. I days. . | Destination | days. [ Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, |10 :40am 8:4oam
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. j 6:05pm 10 :2oam
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa.| 7:35pm (j:20pm
Fulton. 1
7:30am Windsor. jl'0:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am .
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am CJoverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7:30am 5:0Opm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm S:00am and . Ultlah. 7:3jpm| 6:20pm.
7:30am 110:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerncville.l 7:U5pci
3:30pm 5:00pm j 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma' 9:15am S :40am
and '
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:G3prn 6:20pm.
7:30am) 8:00am| 1 10 :40am 1 10 :25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. j 7:33pmf 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton. for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdala
for the Geysers:- at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvillc, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy SpriDgs, Saratoga
Springs,. Blue Lakes, Laurel E^ll Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley'a, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno . City. • Fort * Bragg. Westpcrt. Usal.
WUllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins, Bell's Springs.
Hrrris. Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. • , - *
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket -office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. -
H: C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN, 1 :, j
. Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agt.
I Chicago!
Iti LESS THAN
3 DA YS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACiFJC
& NOaiH WESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drawing-Room SJeepin"
Cars, Buffet, Smoking and jj-
, brary Cars, with barber. Dining
Cars -meals a : la carte. - Daily Tourist;
Car Service at 6 p.m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-"
day and Friday at 8 a.^ m. from San
Francisco. The best -of ; every thing.
V R R. RiTCHIE
817. MARKET ST. Gen. Ag»nt Pacifis Coast
Palace H-tel - , San Francisco
OCEAN TRAVEL. '__.-_
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'^ ' ' . " ' Steamers leave Broadway
• Tfc> ' ¦ ' • ¦ . 'Wharf. San Francisco: ¦
iS5f?3BB**_ Fcr Ketchikan. Juneau.
t<8«Ma%W Skagway, etc., Alaska— 11
¦ \$TkSrxB& a m., March 2.T. 12. 17. 22.
' 9&>Mm Vra1l 27, April 1. Change to com-
EgSfer*>$!l pany'B steamers at Seattle.
1 f**«»C&»iKM For Victoria. Vancouver,
*¦ Port Townsend. Seattle.
' - Taeoma, Everett. New
Whatcom— 11 a. m., March 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
April 1. Change at Seattle to this company s
steamen for Alaska and O. N. Ky.; at Seattle
or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C.
P Rr ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
'For ' Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
Marcli 3. 8. 13, 18. 23. 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
greles)— Spokane, Sundays, 9 a. m., State of
California; Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
. For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crux. Mon-
•terey San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis ' Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Ventura, - Hue-
neme, East San Pedro, San -Pedro and •New-
port CBonlta only). • -
; Bonita, 0 a. m., March T, 15, 23, 31, April 8,
Cocs Bay, 0 a. m.; Mar. 3, 11. 19, 27. Apr. 4
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, 8an Jose del
Cabo . Mazatlan.. Altata,: La Paz, Santa Rosa',
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m., .7th of each
month. , ,
For further Information obtain folder.
'"'"Right ls reserved to change steamers or sall-
inr dates, . ¦ . ' • .
TTCF 17^ OTT'TCE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market st...San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- — — FOR— — ', . .
SENATOR-...;:).. JUNE t
STATE OF CALIFORNIA ..JUNE 7
. Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th«
steamships Senator . and State of ¦ California
made regular trips to Nome last year, lana-
Ir k all passengers and freight without loss.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery at. (Palace
Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO., GenL Agents.
. 10 Market st.. San Francisco.'
I 3 E CL I f\ Iw
Excursion Rates
, TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A Delightful Winter Trip.
Only SCO, including meals and berth, for th»
round I trip, on board the Paciflc Coast S. A.
Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving 8AN FRAN,
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th. du« bacic
27th of each month, calling at the following
Mexican DOrts: ENSENADA. MAGDALENA
BAY. SAN JOSE DEI CABO. MAZATLAN.
ALT AT A. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. .
I For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further partlcu
lars Inaulre .at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10 Market street. San
Francleco. '•."'¦'¦-*
OR «Af CO,
: Ouly Steamship Xj***« *«>
PORTLAND, Or.,
,' n<* Rnll Mil's fr-m °ort' ml t-» *]!
point- Ea«t. Through TJfl'cs'j tn ni
' poin*-»',^" r**" nn «tenm?' | io.'"»n"1 rr»il, a .
3JO-WTBST an^A-Tans.
8TE* V FBF KET3 N:.'liUD5 BcRT* *ni X^\M
SS- COLUMBIA Sails.. '.Mar. 4. 14. 24. April 3
SS.' GEO. W. ELDER Sails... Li""' '
¦ • ....... ....Feb. 27: Mm. 0. 19. 28. April 9
Steamer sails from foot or Spear st.. 11 a. m
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan -streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobo (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con^
nectingr at Hongkong with steamers for India,'
etc. No cargo .. received on board on ¦ day of
calling. • ¦ ." " ¦ -' ¦','¦¦' ¦'-. '; .
SS.- AMERICAMARU. . .... ••••••••• • • ' • * %^
......: Friday. March 21st, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU '.•."'yir,^:
- ¦¦•; .................Tuesday, April 15th, 1002
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Friday,. May. 9th. 1002
Round-trip 'tickets .at reduced"' rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.-
¦ W.H. AVERY, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South -American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10," 12 m. ...
PALENA ...March 12 TUCAPEL ,. -
SANTIAGO.. March .28 .GUATEMALA -—
/¦These steamers are built expressly , for. Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
;(No.change at Acapulco or Panama.) "Freight
and .passenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR." GUTHRIE & CO. Pen. AgenU.
¦ BAY, ; jLNH RIVER STEAMERS.
fi 7^: KAYV YAB)i AND VALUiT
0:45 a.' m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. ~~ Sunday, !):45 a. m., 8:liO p. m. Leaves
ValleJo-7 a.'m.','; 12:30. noon, B . p. ;.m., - except,
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fire 00
co.nts. Telephone Main 1503, -'Landing and
office. , pier 2, Mission-street ,* dock. HATCH
ADVEBTISEMENTS. „
BHgHBBHHPaaaBMBMHBBMBsianHBHBiaBBinilHSHaasaBEggHBESIHaCEiaBaagBBaBnnHBHB
I QIVE UP i&W^S^
13 How many men are suffering miseries for want of a simple ft i,L*1 f/f \ ~ffl ~~/^JA^Y>§c^V *V
H remedy! They do not live: they simply exist. In the faces of . | \^j\Yj/. )$] >^W\^U N -\ '
5 thousands can be read the story of a wasted life and blighted hopes; l\ ; Avy AC/ A Vw^Jtrk. II
H* joys and pleasures are unknown to them because of the disease which / / >w^vS!r^C^!»^a
S is sapping their vitality. Varicocele and lack of vitality have ex- \>y/iu) / /Q^*^y^
0 hausted Nature's Electrical, forces and left them wrecks upon the /(* \v»N 'WjMlli
-shores of life. Many have sought in drugs and patent remedies to I^MW^ 'Mw
gj relieve their mental and physical suffering. They are soothed for a -W'*' 9
H day, or maybe, a week, falsely braced up, until, the effects of the *^<$^^fey3j-/r
H drug wearing off like the momentary bracing'of whisky, they sink y/|^^
H' still lower in vitality, and. with hope exhausted, lose confidence in
¦ § .. themselves and their fellow man and decide to abandon all efforts to recover their vigor, feeling that there i^
"H no, help for them. Man. do not sacrifice yourself in this way.- Do not endure this living death while Nature holds
§ out to you relief in the form of Electricity — try : ;.'
I Dr. McLau^hlin's Electric Belt
¦ < ¦ \ at once. No matter what ails you, there is a cure for you in
Ej >& Nature's remedy— Electri city. The greatest curcs on record
l| ' *^^*irt\- \ ' V/ have been performed by this famous Belt, and it is recognized
Q . . .. * * ' ¦ I ft\j^ *^^\ to-day as the oreatest remedial agent known to mankind. It
H j/ *^ r* ioLBj^V-/ curcs everv iov P oi wcakncS3 ' restores the fire and vigor of
ffl I l^^«V V \v youth, curcs all forms of Nervous Diseases, Kidney and Blad-
* ' /- J0 1 I fj\ I^H der Troubles. Rheumatism, Sciatica, Varicocele, Lumbaco and
§ f-^+fwF \H J\Jt I many other complaints, after every other known system of msdi-
M S^yWn \B/mK^. I cal treatment has failed. .¦i-Vio,
S \ 1/ \ Mlm LJ*H I Pond lit/ Rnnlr I h ™° a hook whIch every min «houJd
S \ 1/ fBlM J ' Kead IViy UOOK. rea(1 (0M for women also). It tells facts
El • \ ?•¦ 1/ troWr * that are of Interest to every man who wants to remain young In vl-
¦ \ V / \ __^_ . V tality at any age. Send for this bdok to-day if you can't call. I mail
B 1 Jt — . , *J l/hC^ / \ it. sealed, free. If you call I will frlvw you a free test. Ucmemb*r.
3 " *~*4gT ~ ¦ \ r \ my Belt Joes not burn, thoucrh you feel tho current ana can reculatw
ffl f*$T~^ \ Z^ti&WUMWjtx \ It. 1 warrant It to plvc a strong current for years, though, no man
? A M \^^ ' I * who USC3 lc rlsIlt nccda ft ovcr lhr0 ° nwntha. Cut this out and act
3E I I W • CAIIT'lOIV newnre of medlcnl concern* offering "El«ctr!o
W M^\ \'-l * V*^%»J » 1VP11* p e i tg F ree> « Th|» o??ai> l« only a trick to feUt ¦
® \ I packnft- o? medhincs upon you C. O. V. Write to mo for an cxplana-
g office hours- jntv «« y-r »« » a i t/; ij r f jyT 702 Market St.,
¦ NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
HaBBHBBHHBHWa1BBBBBBMBBBMHMBBIiaalHaHnBE3aaataBHanaHHnaBHHBBa!a!B««aiaafB
©Dr. Meyers & Co. use remedies that are
entirely unknown to any other specialists
in the West. The physiriana have had
longer experience and better tralnir.gr than
others. They are more able to quickly
diagnose a case, and their treatment act*
directly, positively and effectively. They
use no poisonous drugs or harmful meth- '
ods. Their treatment is speedy, painless.
Their- equipment is modern, costly and
scientific
Behind these statements are years of constant practice. Dr. Meyers & ¦
"U>. are "respected by the m^d'cal profession as physicians of the greatest abil- :
ity. They are the court of last resort in desperate causes -where there is not'
time for argument or doubt and where the best skill must be had immediate-
ly. Whether your case is sever* or m >'<V, of recent or long standing, you
•hould have the beat attention, and it will cost you no more than any other.
Vancocel - Weakness'
It is remarkable how some of the n 0 ailment of. man brings to Its
relics of barbarian surgery have * ° 1US
come down to the present day: In victim greater discouragement, hope-
0 . lessne ? s and te ™ than weaknes..
cocele by inserting the ligature. Mod- In the large majority of cases weak -
u'waa^mpirlcal 80^ 11 " 110 ""^ "^ . tlmC ncss ls f ound t0 be the re8ult ot V
Dr. Meyers & Co. are representa- exhausted nervous condition, ', irnpov- i
%S l?AlSS^SSuS B S ll t?Sf ertsfce * blood « deran^ment :
scientific investigations with regard of the pelvic system.
nervous° diseases a they e conferred" Our treatment restores viaror and
great benefit upon mankind.; strength and tones up the entire "con-
They der-'re to meet those who suf- Ktltutlon' A o\pnr minA ' o«kih««
fer from Vartcocele. Rupture, Stric- 6mutlon - *-. clear mind, .ambition .
ture, Proetatic Troubles, Hydrocele an<2 ruddy health are essential to hap- ,
and the nervous diseases so often as- piness- We could refer by nermis-
Boclated with Pelvic Maladies. This «lon tn hnmirM. n f *,,™/..r.,\
¦will enable them *o make a thorough «°n to hundreds of successful men
examination and to explain their "who came to us. In a state of physl-
methods of cure. . cal and mental collapse.
DR. ME YERS & CO.
731 MARKET STREET, S. F.
\ HOURS-* to 12, 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 1L 'The members and friends - of tbe Aus
trian Military and Benevolent Association
gathered last . evening - at -Golden : Gate
Hall to enjoy, their, twenty-third annual
ball and entertainment. ¦ - ""*<3&&R:ac&!
Austrian Military Association.
Falls Asleep on Bootblack Stand.
Thomas Brady, a laborer living at 1329
Sansome street, whilje having his shoes
shined at John Baldanzi's bootblack
6tand, 14 Third street, yesterday morn
ing fell asleep. When he awoke his
shoes had been shined and he put his
hand to his pocket to pay for the shine.
He claimed that about $4 in silver, which
he had in his pocket, had been stolen
from him, but some gold that he had was
not touched. He notified an officer and
Baldanzi was arrested on a charge of
grand larceny. Baldanzi denied the
charge and Judge Cabaniss after hearing
both parties released Baldanzi on J40 cash
ball. • -¦¦'>/ -
Dr. H. S. Cummings, surgeon of the
Marine Hospital at this port, has notified
the Customs Collector that dogs, monkeys,
white rats and other mammalian animals
from the Philippines may not be landed
without a certificate from the Federal
Quarantine Officer at the port, of depart
ure or at this port. This instruction is the
opposite of those received by the Collec
tor from the Secretary of the Treasury
and the National Bureau of Animal In
dustry, who have notified the Collector
that mammalian animals from the Philip
pines must not be admitted to this coun
try under any consideration whatever.
The customs officials say that they will
continue to obey the Secretary . of th«
Treasury, notwithstanding the order of
Surgeon Cummings.. i
Conflict of Authority.
Several soldiers and railroad men testi
fied that Dlot had been warned against
getting on the cars while in motion, but
that he disregarded the warning and had
his foot caught > under the wheels. The
Jury returned a verdict that Diot' a death
was the result of his own carelessness.
Frank 'P. Kelly represented the railroad
company. : . .
Dr. Morton's testimony was to the ef
fect that Dr. | McElroy informed him that
Diot had- money— iand that under the rules
he would be obliged to : leave the hos
pital and seek treatment elsewhere. Dr.
Morton thereupon sent Diot to his sani
tarium and Dlot died there of blood poi
soning, • or gangrene. Dibt had $137, the
whole of (Which sum . Dr. Morton alleged
the patient had paid him for care and
treatment. - / ¦,¦¦¦ .
Dr. A. W. Morton Illustrated to a Coro
ner's Jury yesterday how profitable It la
to be a visiting physician at the City and
County Hospital and conduct a private
sanitarium at the same time. The case
under Investigation was that of Victor
Diot,. v/ho died^in Dr. Morton's sanita
rium, at 771 Post street, on February 22.
Diot was injured at Port Costa on the
morning of February 15 while attempting
to board a moving train. He was. taken
to the Southern Pacific Hospital, where
his injured foot was dressed, and thence
to the "City and County Hospital. •
Hospital to His Private
Sanitarium.
Takes a Pay Patient From the County
CB. MOBTON TELLS HOW
HE EARNED A TIDY FEE
Belfert wo* confronted by P. W, Krone
of the Popular restaurant, Ed Btenjj*!, a.
"Seifert telephoned me one evening, say
ing he had a couple of girls and wanted
me. to take dinne/ with them. I was
anxious to see him, so as to close up the
business about his lease, and I accepted.
I do not remember the women's names,
nor even their appearance. We went to
an Italian restaurant on Broadway and
1 paid the bill, Then we walked up
Kearny street, and Seifert proposed to
go to . the Winchester House to get his
coat. I do not remember whether 'we
went up to his room or not,- He and the
women took a Mission-street car in front
of the -Winchester, and I left them there
und went home,"
Charles Conklin, the ticket broker, who
visited Seifert's room in company with
two women, recalled the incident last
night. V
"The only trouble with me," said Sei
fert, "Is that I am too good a fellow. I
like to spend money with my friends, and
sometimes get into trouble because my
cash runs short." •
Good Fellowship His Fault.
Regarding the numerous checks whiih
Seifert has issued on the Western Na
tional. Bank, and which have been re
turned because there were no funds to
meet them, Seifert says that he merely
overdrew his account at the bank and
would make good all the amounts the
checks called for. He admitted that two
years ago last June he had been arrested
for passing a worthless check on the Co
lumbia Bank, and said that It was an
other case of overdraft which had been
fixed up without difficulty. He has a way
of dismissing such matters as issuing
checks without any bank account as mere
trifles that may be adjusted any time.
A wicker telescope valise belonging to
Seifert was secured at Woodland by De
tective HamlU containing some linen,
towels, underwear and' a spatula, the lat
ter being stained with what looked like
blood. Seifert said the 'valise had re
mained in a livery stable in Woodland
since December 8. He could not say what
the substance on the spatula was, but
thought he had last used the instrument
in mixing a plaster. .
'-Seifert is a graduate of the University
of Calif ornia\pf the class of. 1887. He was
33 years old Mast Thursday. After his
graduation he remained at the univer
sity, acting for two years as instructor
in materia medica and occupying the po
sition of professor of pharmacy for five
years. In 1897 he was appointed a member
of the State Board of Pharmacy. Two
years ago he was accused of selling ex
amination questions In advance to appli
cants for a license. The matter was
given some publicity at the time, but was
hushed up.. Seifert says he was entirely
innocent in this affair. On this ac
count, - he , says, his wife and he
had a difference. He was married to a
widow in Oakland in 1891, but they have
not been living together, he says, for two
or three years. He professes not to know
his wife's whereabouts at present, but
thinks she is living at the Hotel del
Monte, In Monterey. .
Seifert's Effects Examined.
this was a lecture delivered before the
graduating class of the University of Cal
tfornla in 1S91 by the Rev. J. B. Silcox,
at that time a Congregational minister of
Oakland. He had not seen Silcox for
seven or eight years, and the last ho
heard of him he was in Chicago.
"1 did not see him again until January
13, when Jie paid me $30. A. the same time
he talked of taking a cigar privilege for
$90, but this matter was never concluded.
In the meanwhile he rented space in the
office of .Ticket Broker Conklin at 710
Market street without, however, making
any payment of rent to that gentleman.
He agreed to do certain advertising for
the carnival and made arrangements with
Morton L. Cook to advertise in the Oak
land streetcars.- He was to pay: Cook $82
and retain as his commission the . re
mainder of $125, which was given him in
the shape of $1 carnival tickets. What he
did with the money we have not yet found
out, but we got no benefit out "of the
transaction. We learned afterward that
he contracted with Cook for space on the
Grand . Opera-house curtain and he gave
Cook a check on r the l Western National
Bank for $22 50, which proved to be worth
less. ¦ ¦ s '-'•>"¦ '• '"¦ ' ' ¦¦• ' . S
"Every contract made by. him. for ad
vertising in the carnival programme, with
one or two exceptions, proved to be
crooked. , He made all sorts of agreements
to secure ' contracts • and when: we sought
to collect on them we discovered that he
had promised to take out a portion of the
bills In trade. In one case he agreed to
take out, a bill of J10 in dancing lessons
and in another; he was to take it out' in
Turkish baths. We : paid " him commis
sions on business. which we could not'col
lect and altogether he proved to be an ex
pensive-acquaintance to. our 'concern.". •! -
Kapp states that he saw Selfgert talk
ing to a girl at the Native Sons' fountain
on the evening of January II, but she did
not In any way answer to the description
of Nora Fuller. Specimens . of Selfert'n
handwriting In Kapp's possession bears
no resemblance to -that of Dennett or
Hawkins, ¦
"I first met Seifert in the latter part of
December, when he came to my office to
secure space for a display at the, carnival.
He said he .wanted to make a display of
perfumery and after I heard his proposi^
tion I told him he could have the space
for $60. One-half of this sum was to be
deposited at the time of the signing of the
contract- and the ' remainder before the
carnival opened. ' Seifert said he would
pay the deposit the next day and left the
office. . • . ¦ " )¦'
The business connection of C. A. Seifert
with the management of the Juvenile Fairy
land Carnival he[d at the Pavilion during
the week of February 8 is a record of
fraud and deceit. Charles^F. Kapp, one'
of the managers of thfe carnival, tells the
following story of Seifert' s operations:
With Him.
land Carnival Had Trouble
Management 1 of the Juvenile Fairy-
KAPP SAYS SEIFERT'S x
CONTRACTS^ WERE CROOKED
No settlement of the charge against
Seifert of obtaining money on false pre
tenses was made last night, and the pris
oner spent the night in Jail.
salesman employed by Nunan & Co., at
1019 ' Mission street, and a clerk in the
employ of Umbsen & Co., neither of whom
Identified him as Bennett or Hawkins, the
man who under those aliases rented the
house at 2211 Sutter street and purchased
the bed upon which Nora Fuller's re
mains were found.
Charles Schultz, who was convicted by
a Jury in Judge Dunne's c6urt on the
charge of forgery, appeared for sentence
yesterday and was sent to San Quentin
for five years. December 24 he passed a
forged check for $17 on LJppitt & Fisher,
shoe merchants, , Market" street.
F. A. Mack, who was convicted by a
Jury in Judge Cook's court on a charge
of robbery, appeared for sentence yester
day morning. The Judge sentenced him
to serve twenty years in San Quentin. In
passing sentence the Judge referred to
the fact that there was no prior convic
tion against the defendant, otherwise the
penalty would have been more severe, as
that character of crime must be sup
pressed. Mack and another man, who
escaped, knocked down and robbed E. J.
King at California street and Quincy
place on Sunday night, January 1L A
watch that was stolen from King was
found in Mack's pocket when arrested by
Pollcemes Maloney and Campbell.
TWENTY- YEAR SENTENCE
GIVEN F. A. MACK, BOBBEB
CAPTAIH OF DETECTIVES SEYMOUR'S PITIFUL ATTEMPT
The members of St. Dominic's Junior
Choir and Choral Union will produce?
Balfe's "Bohemian Girl" at the Alhambra
Theater on the evening of April L In con-
Junction with the opera the ''Christie min
strels" will present an interesting pro
gramme.
Light Opera and Minstrel Show.
The barkentlne Gardiner City, now at San
Pedro, is chartered for lumber at Tacotna. for
Salinas Cruz.
Tbe schooner Balboa will load lumber .on
Puget Sound for Kobe or Yokohama at 40*.
Chartered Drtor to arrival.
' The French bark Bayard is chartered for
wheat at this port for Europe at 25n spot, and
the following prior to arrival: The British
bark Inverlyon. at 32s 6d; the British bark
Pit cairn Island. 3Ts "id: the British ship Rock
hunt, Portland loading. 30s 3d; the Italian
chip Macdlarmld, Tacoma loading, 85s.
Charters.
Tbe wind and rain of last night did not
keep away from the poverty party of
Amity Rebekah Lodge many who had
promised to attend. There were on the
floor a number who represented the shab
by genteel, others were in ragged suits
and dresses and not a few who would
have made some of the Weary Willies
feel envious. Two of the shabbiest of the
shabby were awarded a prize. They wero
Tillle McPhee and L. D. Montrose. A
well arranged programme kept the danc
ers merry until midnight. The affair was
'under the direction of Melville P. Forbes,
Emma Archer, Lela Zelgler, Joslah
Young, Annie Renner and Emma Ramm.
. Amity's Poverty Party.
George T>. Collins, counsel for Walter N.
Dlmmiclc. appeared yesterday In tha
United States District Court and inter*
posed a demurrer to the indictment
charging Dlmmlck with tha larceny ana
embezzlement of <30,000 frotn the United
States Mint. Argument will Xm held to
morrow.
Collins Demurs Again.
The body was about to be cremated, but
Dr. Bacigalupl arrived in time to perform
an autopsy. The death certificate con
cealed the real cause of death.
Coroner Leland learned yesterday that
Miss Sophie "Wahnig of 2816 Golden Gate
avenue, 25 years of age, had died last
Thursday at the McNutt Hospital of sep
tic oerltonltis under circumstances look
ing toward the commission of a felony.
Body About to Be Cremated When
/ Coroner Learns of the
Case.
SOPHIE WAHNIG- THE
victim: or A crime
NEW YORK, March L— Rupert Orevllla
Williams, the inventor of a telopanto
graph, has been found fatally shot in* tha
greenhouse of his residence at Heywood.
near Manchester. - There Is no doubt that
Williams committed suicide. . ¦ .-¦
Inventor Williams Commits Suicide.
Count. Date. Standing.
George Alpers 15.U4O 782 I.I.K.x
Kred N. Bent 16.112 741 16,371
Fred KKKerg 15,053 810 15,134
Horace Wilson .... 1(1,517 •;:»« 15,823
John Cogrhl&n l.'i.wu 284 15,302
Thomas Ileagan ... 15,434 407 15,427
Edward I. Walsh.. 15,886 894 15.4U2
Thomas F. Finn... 15.695 886 15,209
One hundred and thirty-five precincts of
the 303 Into which the city is divided have
been counted, giving those likely to be af
fected by. the contest the following posi
tions:
-» Official Loss to Present
Alpers, 43; Bent, 47; Eggers, 48; Wilson, 41;
Coghlan, 28; Reagan, 32; Walsh, 32, and
Finn. 30.
Eight precincts were" counted in Judge
Murasky's court yesterday, and in each
one the labor candidates made a gain.
The precincts counted were the Third,
Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Twelfth.
Eighteenth and Twentieth of the Fortieth
District. The total number of votes lost
by each candidate during the day is as
follows: /.'/>'"
Over Alpers of 334
Votes.
Walsh to This Date Has a Lead
FUBTHER GAINS ABE- HADE
BY THE LABOR. CANDIDATES
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., -March L— Billy
Rice, the veteran minstrel, died here this
afternoon, of dropsy. Though at one
time reputed wealthy, he died In ap
parently Indigent circumstances.
Billy. Bice, Veteran HOnstrel.
The Larkln Street Improvement Club
met at 421 Larkln street Thursday even
ing and perfected a permanent organiza
tion with the .following named officers:
President, John R. Bride; secretary, Jesse
A. Galland; first vice president, R. Clark;
second vice president, F. Phelan; treas->
urer, William T. Kibbler; committee on
by-laws, Messrs. Bride, Galland and
Clark; committee on repavement of Lar
kln street, Messrs. Powers, Galland, Kohl
man. Clark and Shaen. The executive
committee will be selected at the next
meeting. An active interest has been
taken in the organization of this club and
a very lengthy petition has been signed
by the most prominent property owners
and business men urging upon the Su
pervisors the repavement of Larkin street
from Market to Sutter. The club ad
journed to meet at 421 Larkin street nest
Thursday evening.
Larkin-Street Improvement Club.
There will be an extra concert to-night,
in consequence of a demand for a 'popular
programme, and the following interesting
programme will be given: Overture,
"Freiuchutz"; .'cello solo, fantasie on
"Fllle du Regiment"; Tschalkowsky
"1812" overture (by request); Bruch con
certo for violin; duet from "Romeo et
Juliette"; Dvorak's "New World Sym
phony"; Liszt's "Les -Preludes," and
Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries."
The third concert of the Chicago Sym
phony Orchestra drew a flatteringly large
house at the Metropolitan Temple yester
day afternoon, in spite of the inclement
weather. The programme was a com
bination Beethoven and Wagner menu,'
and Included compositions that are not
commonly to be heard. Chief in interest
was the seventh symphony of Beethoven
and the Chicago Orchestra showed here
Its most characteristic achievement.
Truly to be admired is the perfect rhyth
mic accord of their work, the easy
curacy and . precision. . The band is full
of good material, the tone quality and bal
ance are excellent, and its only lack is a
temperamental one. The "Lenore" over
ture • touched a more spontaneous and
fresh note than was reached elsewhere in
the programme, and was received by the
audience with large enthusiasm. Mr. Van
Ordt was responsible for the third Bee
thoven number, the first movement of the
D major concerto, and again pleased by
his easy facility of handling and refined
style. The Wagner numbers were the
Vorspiel, from "Lohengrin," and "Preis
lled," from "Die Meistersinger," i Mr.
Towne; "Waldweben," from "Siegfried,"
and aria, "Elizabeth's Prayer, 1 ' from
"Tannhauser,". Mme.. Linne,,and-"Huldl
gung's Marsch." . «¦"¦< » ¦ ¦¦» — • > ig» ~f** r
Mr. Towne has fully established him
self here as a tenor of considerable natu
ral endowment, « with a technique that
commands respect and a way of handling
his numbers that invariably pleases.
Mme. Linne sings in a graceful and sym
pathetic style that is hardly sufficiently
dramatic for the Wagnerlan numbers.
The band again distinguished itself In the
Wagnerian numbers.
PERFECT RHYTHM
DISTINGUISHES
ARTISTS' WORK
Emma Nevada, the famous diva, ar
rived In Ban Francisco this morning after
an absence of three years. Becauso she
Is almost peerless In her art, but more
still because she is the product of the
Padflc Coast, her welcome in this city
will be warm. She will open her engage
ment at the Temple to-mor
row night and the advance sale of seats
promises an audience that will test the
capacity of the house.
The company with which Mme. Nevada
has surrounded herself is one of the most
famous that has ever been brought to
this country. In addition to the little
Austin lady herself it contains Pablo
Casals, the Spanish 'cellist; Moreau, the
pianist, who is conceded to be the great
est technician among the pianists of
France, and Maquarre, who has been the
l!ute soloist of the Lamoureux and Co
lonne orchestras of Paris. The famous
works of Meyerbeer. Donizetti, Bellini
and Delibes will be features of the pro
gramme, f
MADAME NEVADA AORBIVES
APTES YEABS OF ABSENCE
SANTA CLARA, March L— <3eorg© Cen
ter, father of Hugh Center of the Baa
Jose and Santa Clara Electrlo Railroad
Company and of George and Samuel Cen
ter of San Francisco, died at 2 o'clock
this morning of concussion of the brain,
due to a fall.
Mr. Center was Injured by falling from
a stepladder on February 17. - Ho was
trimming rose bushes on the veranda at
his home on Harrison street. Falling to
the cement walk, he struck on the back
of his head. Since then he has been in
a semi-conscious condition and recovery,
was Impossible.
George Center was born In Aberdeen*
shire, Scotland, on Christmas day, "313.
He came to California with his family la
1S70. In 1871 he purchased a farm near
Santa Clara, where he lived until 1835. Re
tiring, he settled In Santa Clara, where ho
had since lived. He was the father of
twelve children, six of whom survive him.
with the widow. Mrs. Margaret Center.
They are George Alexander, Hugh. Mag
pie (Mrs. Morgan of this city), James and
Samuel.
Mr. Center was an elder Jn the Presby
terian church. The funeral will be held
on Monday at 11 a. m.
Claran's Life.
Injuries Received In a Fall End Santa
DEATH OF GEORGE riUN'l'^K-.
Army order-^Contract Surgeon William
J. S. Stewart, now at 'San Francisco, is
ordered to report in person to the sur
geon general for instructions.
Navy orders — Commander W. W. Kim
ball is detached from the command of the
Wheeling to .the command of the Ab~a
renda, via the steamer Ventura from San
Francisco March 20; First Lieutenant J.
W. Broatch, from the marine brigade,
Asiatic station, is invalided to the Mare
Island Hospital. . • , •¦¦¦.-
Washington: Original — Peter Conroy,
Wilkeson, $8; John M. Cumber, Ellens
burgh, $6; Charles H. Moore, Tacoma,
$8; William O'Neal, Mount Vernon, $6;
John B. Rltner, Sheldon, $6; Henry F.
McMillan, Centralia, $8. Increase— John
H. Elwell, Rice, $12; Theodore Mlchels,
Aberdeen, $10. Widow— Emma J. Bell,
New Whatcom, $8..
Oregon: Original — John S. Bosler,
Woods, $6; James Wlleon, Wallowa, $12.
Original, war with Spain— Ivan Grimm,
Portland, $6; Elmer O. Roberts, Eugene,
$12. Increase, Mexican War— Stephen B.
Withlnton, Roseburg, $12. Widows— Minors
of MontgomeryfRose, Ashland, $18; Lavina
Staver, Portland, $8./
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original, Sanford Search, Oakdale,
$6; William A. Coe, Sacramento, $6; Dud
ley L. Watson, San Jose, $8; Alvare F.
Willard, San Bernardino, $6; I Frederick
Megerle, Vlsalla, Jtj. War with Spain—
Nis P. Anderson, San Francisco, $17; John
South, Knights Ferry, $12; Samuel S. An
drews, Bishop, $6; James Shevlin, San
Francisco, $10; James V. B. Logan, Stock
ton, $6; Henry C. Frazier, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6; Orin S. Munger, Soldiers'
Home,' Los Angeles, $6; Charles H. Bur
dick, Los Angeles, $6; John Lynch, Los
Angeles, $10; Edward Mowrey, Fort
Bragg, $12. Increase— Robert Hubbard.
Guadaloupe, $10 ;'• Cornelius Hugaboom,
Clarksburg, $12; Herman Holcomb, San
Diego, $10; Edward Grieves, Woodbrldge,
$10; Francis Schweitzer, San Francisco,
$10. Mexican War — George Christ, Los
Angeles, $12; John A. G. Edwards,- Mer
ced, $12; Richard F. Freeman, lone, $12;
Lorenzo A. Barnes, Valliclta, $12; Napo
leon B. Smith, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$12. Increase— John C. Hall, Redlahds,
$12; Egedi Schneider, Veterans' Home,
Napa, $8; Henry M. Hill, Lemon Grove,
$8; .John Harris, San Diego, $10; Henry
Schaefer, Los /Angeles, $8; George E.
Sherman, Tuolumne, $S; Archibald G.
Leffel, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12;
Kdward Talbot, Oakland, $10. Widows—
Josefa O. Delugo, Santa Barbara, $8.
Minor of Daniel Lakln. Fowler, $10.
, Postmasters appointed: California— F.
W. Luther, Alton, Humboldt County, vice
H. A. Dlnsmore, removed; H. Hall, Balls
Ferry, Shasta County, vice Nellie Flower,
resigned; T. L. Eckell, Fulton, Sonoma
County, vice C. C. Grove, resigned; A.
D. Turner, Tustin» Orange County,, vice
F. L. Tustin, resigned. '
Oregon — A. B. Foster, Lookinglass,
Douglas County, vice David Morgan, re
signed; F. C. Sharkey, Luckboy, Lane
County, vice G. A. Dyson, resigned; A. B.
Young, Nortons, Lincoln County, vice S.
K. Thompson, resigned.
Washington— A/ J. Nlckle, Bolster, v Oka
nogan County, vice.F. S. Beall, resigned;
C. J. Thomas, Fredonia, SKagit County,
vice Frederick Eyre, resigned.
Kural free delivery is established at
Chico, Butte County, Cal., John T. Smith,
carrier.
WASHINGTON, March I— The Postof
flce' Department has announced the fol
lowing:
and More New Pensions
- Issued.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC. COAST
Charge of Assault to murder Against
Dixon and Fraser Is Dis
missed. - . '
Charles Dixon and John D. Fraser, the
two men charged with assault to murder
on complaint of James Behrn, foreman
for Contractor Sibley, appeared before
Judge Cabanlsa yesterday and the cases'
were dismissed.
i Detective Fitzgerald, who worked on
j the case, said that he had made a thor
ough investigation and was satisfied that
Behrn was romancing. Sergeant Ayers
and two patrolmen were within a block
and a half of the Fifteenth and Folsom 1
streets corner where Behrn alleged a shot
was fired at him at the time of the shoot
ing, and they did not hear any report,
nor did ony one In the neighborhood.
Both defendants were hard-working men
employed by Contractor Kelso, and had
never been in trouble before.
I The Judge said there was only the evi
' dence of the complaining witness to sus
i tain the charge, which was emphatically
I denied by the defendants, and considering
the statements made by Detective Fitz
gerald he had no hesitation in dismissing
the case^^
! Behrn alleged that the two defendants
followed him from the Union Hotel on
I Folsom street, near Sixteenth, early
Tuesday morning, and when he reached
Fifteenth street on his way home one of
them knocked him down with a sandbag.
He struggled with him and got away
from him. "When he started to run away
the other defendant fired a shot at him,
he said.
POIJOE ALLEGE THAT
BESRN WAS ROMANCING
Floor manager, Frank Vilcone: assistant
floor managers — M. Catz, M. Goveneck,- C.
Malmqulst, L. Reynolds.
Ball committee — AUihonse Eeiller, John
Welte, Henry Becker, J. Stoltz, L. Ferrari, H.
L. Stewart. N. Zanovich. A. Schlueb, F. C.
Smith, J. P. Falvre Sr.. V. J. Quartanrfo,
George Brauer, E. Arbogast, j. x. Albouxe. A.
Soulage, Fred Slsson. A. Newman. Ed Werner,
A. Myatt, Gun *Iage, P. Montmayeur. Joseph
Negro, Charles Grimm. George Kutch. C. Ray,
A. Roumiituier, William Sneider, Henry Swen
sen.
Directors — OeorgNe Rabbltt, John Frussetta,
Charles Krbacher, Samuel Newman. L. Four
niguier, C. Ladagnous, Rudolph Walden. Jess
Sanders, manager.
A. Lonran. past president; Marcel Magnan.
president; C. R. Strandberr. vice president;
Louis Parlsot. treasurer; Morris Cats, record
ing secretary; M. L. Grossman, financial sec
retary. v
During the evening the banquet hall
was the scene of a lavish display of cul
inary art, the work of members of the
association. Dancing was Indulged in un
til a late hour and a bountiful supper was
served to the guests. Those who had
charge of the affair were as follows:
Despite the heavy storm there was a
large attendance and a merry time was
spent by those who devote so much of
their energy to catering to the comforts
of mankind. *
. The members of the Cooks' Association
of the Pacific Coast held their second an
nual ball last evening at Native Sons'
Hall, on" Mason street.
ASSOCIATED COOKS
ENJOY ANUJJAL DANCE
Twelve women and three men were car
ried through with the falling floors. Those
who were rescued were dug from the
ruins by the firemen and police. A num
ber of other girls in the building saved
themselves by rushing to the windows
and clinging to the sills until rescued by
firemen on ladders. »
CLEVELAND, Man£h L— The fourth
floor of the Cleveland Baking Powder
Company's plant on/Central avenue fell
beneath the weight of a large number of
barrels of flour to-day, crashing through
the three underfloors into the basement.
There, are five persons missing— four girls
and a man. -They are buried beneath the
mass of debris in the* basement an.l un
doubtedly are dead. Their names are:
MAY KELLY. »
MOLLIE ROEMER.
FLORENCE McGRATH.
MAGGIE HEISER.
JOSEPH WOELKER.
Besides the missing, thirteen persons
were severely injured, including the fol
lowing: Lena Zuzy, back broken, chest
crushed, probably will die; Bertha
Knoepp, 1 compound fracture, right arm;
Lizzie Koepernick, chest crushed: Mary
. Norovec, arm and shoulder dislocated.
The Civil Service Commission will meet
Monday to take action on the suspended
deputies' petition. • Tax Collector Smith
takes the stand' that the charter jtfvos
him the power without any restriction to
sv&pend for a period of thirty days, and
the Civil ' Service Commission is inclined
to take that view of the case. However,
It is certain that the opinion of the City
Attorney will be requested as to the
meaning of the section on thirty, day
suspensions. - ¦ ; : : •¦¦¦¦•
Tax Collector Smith agrees to abide by
that opinion and restore the suspended
deputies to their positions if the City At
torney holds that the appointing power
is subject to the rules of the Commission
in this particular case: Smith denies that
there is anything political in the suspen
sions, or that he proposes to suspend the
deputies .every alternate month so as to
disgust them with their positions. Smith
says such a course would be unreason
able, as he .would have to take civil.ser
vice eligibles in any event, and if a man
does his duty he is certain of his place.
Tax Deputies Salomon, Tripp, Rittlg
stein,'ZIon and Tuttle, who were ; sus
pended for thirty days ,by Tax Collector
Smith owing to lack of work in the office,
appealed yesterday to; the Civil Service
Commission to restore them to their posi
tions. The deputies represent that dis
crimination was used in their suspen
sion, and that the rule of the Commis
sion that those eligible standing lowest on
the list shall be the first to go. was vio
lated. The deputies further aver that
their positions are statutory, and that if
any employes were to be discharged for
lack of work they should come from the
extra clerks employed in the office.
Tbe return of Macarthur was looked
forward to by the labor leaders in this
State and his report of the proceedings of
the Civic Federation was received with
considerable interest
The committee of which Macarthur is a
member is composed of thirty-six mem
bers, Senator Marcus A. Hanna being the
president The object of the committee
is to make a thorough investigation of
the relations between capital and labor
for tbe purpose of suggesting such steps
as will prevent industrial troubles and
harmonize differences.
In speaking of the work of the federa
tion Macarthur said yesterday that It was
hoped by the members of the committee
that a solution would be found to elimin
ate strikes and lockouts and that organ
ized labor would be benefited by the
plans.
Walter Macarthur, the delegate appoint
ed from the Pacific Coast to attend the
National Civic Federation In New York
City, returned from the East yesterday
morning. i . . ¦
At a late hour this evening tha negro
was recaptured Just as he was leaving
town on a train, having secreted hW^Vr
on . the trucks beneath a car. When
searched at the police station there wers
found upon the prisoner nine cold
watches, several silver watches, numerous
rings and other jewelry. The- police be
lieve he is an old offender. He refused
to give his name.
upon the negro, whom bo suspected, and
placed him under arrest The man sub
mitted and went quietly along for a lew
blocks.
- Suddenly he Jumped behind a woman
passing by, drew a revolver and b«caa
firing: at the officer. Ho fired three sUot*
and then ran into a store and out at tho
rear and escaped for a time. One of th«
bullets fired by the prisoner struck
Churchill squarely In the chest, but. for
tunately, the bullet was defective* and
flattened Itself against the bones ot tha
chest, creating- only a slight wound.
LOS ANGELES, March 1.— A negro trar
glar was captured by the police to-nlgnt
and locked In the City Prison. For sav
eral days reports of robberies have been
made by residents of the fashionable dis
tricts, and unusual efforts were made by
the police to capture the robber. This
afternoon Special Officer Churchill cam«
The wreck occurred at a bridge over the
little Colorado River and the entire train
was saved by the guard rail on tha bridge
holding It in an uptight position until It
had passed over. All the passengers es
caped without Injury. A "fly" track was
built around the wreck and trains were
run around It after eighteen hours' delay.
KINGMAN, Ariz., March 1.— A sand
drift on the track of the Santa Pe r thirty
eight miles east of Wlnslow, wrecked Che
Sant^,Fe "flyer" late last night. The en
gtnt>. Caggage car and dining car turned
over a. id were badly damaged, Engineer
Porter and Fireman Btone remained on
the engine and were severely bruised and
shaken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
There Is sure to be a contest over the
codicil to the will that 1b to be presented
by Percy H. Coward, its executor, whose
wife, according to Ita terms. Is to receive
$3000. William F. Barton, who was inter
ested with Jee in the salt business, is
named as executor of the will, but .he does
not mean to retain the office of executor If
the court appoints him.
He proposes to resign In favor of Pub
lio Administrator Hawes, so that he will
be In a better position to fight Coward.
He- will try to prove that Coward pro
cured the codicil after Jee became an lm
beoile, and that when it was made it was
not attached to the will, as required by
law,
Tbe proponents of the will will file the
testamentary document Monday and aslc
the court to admit it to probate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•ms Broadway. March 1.
That at least six of the heirs of the late
Arthur W. Jee, tha well-to-do incom
petent, \rfco filed last Thursday, have
passed away Is revealed by an examina
tion of the will made by the deceased be
fore Ills period of imbecility began. The
will w&a made somewhere in the '80's — the
exact date Is \rtthlwld, when there were
several bequests made In Xavor of old
time friends of Jee. who have since died,
leaving the three sisters of the deceased,
living in England and South. Africa, to in
herit his thousands.
An engineer corps Is the latest thing In
National Guard circles. jThis branch ' of
the service has been adopted by the local
regiment and a company of engineers is
being organized and will be known as
Company I of the First Regiment, Na
tional Guard. Major W. A. Desborough
'will command the company and he 'will
be assisted by Lieutenants E. A. Pierre
and Barton Crulkshank. The men will be
drilled in the manual of arms, but their
studies will be devoted to the use of the
theodolyte, transit and level and In
structed In the art of building bridges,
pontoons, etc. Major DesDorough Is look
ing for recruits for his company. He
wants young men who are interested in
scientific work.
Major Hendy has been detailed to pre
side at an election for 1 captain and second
lieutenant in Battery A, First Artillery
Battalion, on March 10. On the same
night Major Dorn will preside at an elec
tion for first and second lieutenants In
Battery D of the same organization.
Major Perkins has been ordered to pre
side at an election to be held on the 19th
inst. for captain of Company H of the
First Infantry.
There will be another school of Instruc
tion for the field and staff officers of the
Fifth Infantry, at brigade headquarters
some time during the current month. /
Company D of San Rafael and Company
I, Fifth Infantry, of Llvermore had
their picked riflemen at the targets at
the San Rafael range during the latter
part of February. There were ten men In
each team, who shot, at three distances
two, three and five hundred yards— at flg
"iire targets. The aggregate score was, for
the San Rafael team, 581 out of a pos
sible 750, and the ' LIverraore team
scored an aggregate of 519, losing the
match. After the shoot the defeated rifle
men were the guests at a diner furnished
by the winners.
The resignations of Lieutenants A. R.
Farless and Frank E. Young of Battery
D, First Artillery, have been accepted.
The following appointments In the Fifth
Infantry have been announced: Sergeant
Charles 8. Beach to be first, sergeant of
Company B, and Corporal J. S. Clark
to be sergeant and Private."W.H.Mathew
son to be musician of Company F. ....
Eighteen men have been discharged
from the Fifth Infantry.
The following appointments in the First
Artillery are announced: First Sergeant
Henry Whitney Doscher, to be quarter
master sergeant of Battery A, vice Cook;
Private Charles Henry Williams,. Battery
C, to be electrician sergeant, vice Moore;
Corporal Edwin L. Hiteman, to be ser
geant of Battery D. and Privates Harry
Fayette Stevens and Guy Graham of Bat
tery D to be musicians. ; ¦
Twelve enlisted men have been dis
charged from the First Artillery. .
Thirty-five men have been enlisted in
the First Division of the Naval Militia
since the first of the year.
The. Marion is being thoroughly over
hauled and put in first-class condition.
Engine and Two Coaches of
: ;Af'.the "Flyer" Are Badly
Wrecked.
Escapes 'From Captor but Is
Recaptured "While* Trying
to Leave the City.
Tax/ Collector Smith Says He
./ Has the Power to :'>¦%'.
Suspend.
Five Persons Thought to Be
Dead and Thirteen
Are Hurt
Mrs.' Coward's Claim Under
Codicil to Be Strongly
Resisted.
Plans Are Formulated to
Prevent Strikes and % ;v"
Lockouts.
Notes of Interest to the
¦ National Guard of
California.
Tax Deputies Ask to Be
Restored to Their
Positions.
Terrible Disaster Occurs
in Building at Cleve
land.
Fires Upon and Wounds'
Policeman in Los
Angeles.
It Will Be Attached to
the First Regi
ment.
William Macarthur Tells
of National Civic
Federation.
Prevents Santa Pe Cars
Toppling Into a
i River. "
Three Sisters Living in
Foreign Countries
the Heirs.
FALLING FLOOR
CRUSHES GIRLS
ENGINEER CORPS
IS BEING FORMED
MAKE APPEAL
TO COMMISSION
CONTEST OVER
THE JEE ESTATE
BRIDGE'S RAIL
SAVE S A STRAIN
NEGRO BURGLAR
OFFERS BATTLE
LABOR LEADER
RETURNS HOME
/¦¦¦¦¦¦•-¦ - .-.-'. <, • • .' ¦ - , ) •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALX., SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1902;
Continued From Page Twenty-Seven.
London* requires 600,000 cows to supply
It, with dairy produce.
Irrigation BUI Passed.
.WASHINGTON, March l.-The Senate
to-day the Hansbrough irrigation
bill without division. /
There was a fair attendance In the so
cial hall of the Foresters' building last
night at the party given by Sherwood
Circle of the Companion* of the Forent.
There wan a programme of . fourteen
dances, and the party did' not break up
until midnight. The committee in charge
was U'-nry Lemser, Lilly Severance, Kat«
Hrtdgowood, Mathilda Harvey and Mae A.
O',Url*n.
Sherwood Circle's Dance,
New Slavonian- Austrian Church.
The directors of the contemplated new
Slavonian- Austrian /Roman Catholic
Church met Thursday evening, when
business of much Importance was trans
acted. Frank Zan, Mathew V.-'Radovich
and Anton Sorich, of the finance commit
tee, were appointed to solicit funds for
the building of the church. It was an
nounced that Archblshitf) Riordan had not
only given the movement his approval,
bill had materially assisted the commit
tee by contributing $1000 to the building
fund.
i Arrangement committee — J. . M. ' Russell
(chairman), M. Perich, B. M. Burin, Martin
Ranzulo, Charles Mldch, P. Saulovlch and D.
Bujacich.- Reception committee — 8. Raicevlch,
P. Saulovich, B. M. Burin, C. Christovlch, John
Turato, ¦ Charlea - Mldch, J. M. Sambrailo and
O. Mostahinich. ¦ Floor. manager — M. . Itadulo
vlch. Floor committee — M. Sabadtn, B. Rad
dlch, Joseph Slmclch and J. Moetahlnlch.' Ite
freehment committee— Martin Ranzulo, Joseph
Blmcich, John M. Sambrailo, George Mullta,
George Morettch and Oeorge Mostahlnlch. Hon
orary committee — M. Creaalla, Albert Schohay.i
N. Sturiza and Dr. Julius goboslar.
An opening, address was delivered by-
President B. M. Burin, followed by in
strumental music, a' cornet solo being ad
mirably played-by G. A. Fabrls. The ball
was >. then opened and yvaB enjoyed : until
an' early hour this ; morningv
' The following was the order and per
sonnel of. the committees:'
29
iBBHBBHHHaanHHaHBnBazaBHHHaonannDHHnnanaannarx'
i I Specialists for Men, S !
I By adding to, improving, originating and unselfishly §
! describing the application of their successful methods «
j to their contempos, have earned a wide reputation rj
I for abHIty and honor that Is deserved. • '" •" g
! ° — r ¦ : o S
< We fe«l entitled to extreme consideration and claim the entlr* credit for tita ft
> very first Investigations, some years ago, wh,ich led to tha complete revolution ¦
In the treatment of Disorders of Men. Previous to our announcement of the lm- •
I portance of, uretbral Inflammations and chronlo prostatlc affections, aa factors. ¦
I treatment was conducted In an Impracticable and unsuccessful manner. , Upon th« Q
¦ perfection of methods of treatment, which has been so uniformly successful - In ¦»¦
' v.**. : . i & every case, we made the announcement to th« S
1 Q * Q profession and others Interested, describing •¦
3 ,.. Your discoveries as fully as possible. We «" E3
¦ . • >^% not but feel flattered that others have adopted ¦
. our Plan and taken advantage of our reports •
• £?£Z \ and only hope that our essays have b«ea suf- **
• ts'fi/t \ ficiently clear to make them equally success- U
1 Kil/i 1 ful - Certain minute details and delicate modi- Q
1 Vrjf/l 1 locations indescribable and not selfishly with- e
¦ IifMii} I held may perhaps recommend u» to prospective \
wf <^ m "" x^r V^^l patients. £3
I F. L. TALCOTT, M. D. £W \L>^LJP© n
1 , Strictly Reliable. -v!*- g
I & ' O £j
! CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON 8
• Hypodermic Injection the Modern 'Treatment. 5
¦ * After ten years' use of this method we have had no reason to change; on the •
¦ ~ contrary, our belief increases dally from reports of patients treated who have mar- ' S
• ried and suffered no relapse. It offers the following advantages, viz.: Saves time '
I for th« physician and patient, as well aa labor, office visits belnsr rendered infre- B
I quent. Besides, little change Is necessary In diet or habits of life, the disease U B
1 . readily concealed and permanent cure Is effected In a short time, the stomach la ¦
I not drugged and the precise dosage Is obtainable. The expense also Is greatly re- J
1 dcd CONTRACTED DISORDERS J
" Under the treatment pursued' before Irrigations were established, six weeks was D
I deemed the duration of an acute contracted disorder. If It proceeded beyond six ¦
I weeks it was considered to have gone Into a chronic 'condition. From statistics Q
¦ compiled from our practice In the post five years, covering over 6500 cases, we can ¦
J show that OO per cent of our patients have recovered In fourteen days or leas. It 5
• . is therefore, - equally proper to hold that a case not entirely cured withtn two weeks •>*
| must be considered a chronic one, and some complication has arisen for which the ?
1 patient should see a specialist. We- invite free consultation on this subject and of- m
5 fer an experience of over twenty years. In fact, we can positively assert that we • «
' have never failed to care In a single Instance. - . ' . \ J^
! ALL VARICOCELES SHOULD BE CURED §
I Varlcocele Is an enlargement of the most vital blood vessels in man. The H
j functions of these veins are to carry off waste, thus enabling the organ to receive J3
• fresh nutrition. The disease consists of dilatation and local stagnation of blood, i
, As a result we find sometimes quite insensitive organs, which are ill-fitted to pro- !
• duce their secretion. Varieocele is a very common disorder. Statistics show that 25 **
I per cent of the male population is afflicted wtth some stage of the disease. We B
I . emphatically miarantee to cu»e Varlcocel© in one week at our office or four weeks «
¦ of home treatment. We have cured over 3000 cases, without a single failure or un- \
\ ' pleasant result. Colored chart of the organs sent securely sealed, free. £*
3 - . Owing to extensive inquiries by mail from Oregon relative to our methods of B
| ¦• treatment for disorders of Men, Dr. Talcott A Co. of San Francisco have opened a B
| branch office in Portland, 250^4 Alder street^ corner Third street, where those de- w
, ilrouii of obtaining their services may have the benefit of personal consultation and j
J examination. ¦ u
Dr Tnlrntt & Cn " 7 Market street, 5
[ JJI . 1 CULUll Or VjV.j Corner Sixth. EJ
(¦^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦H
APVSBTISE:a£ENT3.
STORM IN .
Wind and Rain Tore Down
tbe Streets Like a
Hurricane.
• \
Hats and Umbrellas Flew in Every
Direction 3nd Occasionally a Piano
Would 60 Tearing Down the
Street, but the Latter Would Be
in a V/agon and of Course You
Could See on the Cover This Sign j
We have done a wonderful business i
this week, but not up to our expecta- |
tions. Our prediction did not come !
true, for last Monday we advertised that !
the remaining 106 pianos of the whole-
sale stock of the Eilers Piano
Co. must and would be sold
before Friday night. But we fell
down — in fact, reckoned without
our host, for we sold but 05 of them.
That's a good many, we know, but
not as many as we wanted to.' During
the week we had two fierce storms,
(and they were corkers, too.) .and
so much bad weather in the bargain
that, many were unable to get out. Had
good weather kept up the old stock
would have all been sold lonjj befort
the end of the week. Here is what we
have left of the old stock:
One $275 Piano — sell for .$150.
Four $325 Pianos— sell for 91S3.
Three $400 Pianos — sell for S?2O7.
Two $425 Pianos— sell for $218.
>On e $450 Piano— sell for #250.
They nre all in fine shape, brand-
new and fully warranted— and the above
prices are just like Riving them away.
\Ve arc going to sell them. sure, and
any reasonable offer as to terms will be
accepted. Come quick, for they won't
last long at this if TO-MORROW we
are favored with better weather than
the past week has been — and by Tues-
day night (even with storms) they will
all be gone.
We have a second-hand square piano
— came in late Saturday and has not as
yet been put in rendition. If vou come
crrly to-rncrro.v morning you will «ec !
it in pretty had shape, but we will put
it in fine condition for $62.50— $5.00
down and £3.00 a month — but it will
take us a \veek to get it in sha^>e. First {
corre — fir^f served.
We arc <tPl on Market street and ex- j
pect to continue to pay Market-street ;
rent, und we know you won't forget'
that our number is
''¦ii^
And while you remember the num-
ber, don't for«ct our name — The Pom*-
jnier-Iiilcr» Music Company, We will
our store open on Monday and
Tuesday evenings, unlcsr these eleven
pianos arc fold before that timeThe Twentieth Century .Club Is arrang
ing for a grand -entertainment In Golden
Gate Hall on the 5th of April.
'_ On the 17th lnst. W. -B. Carpenter of
Court Twin Peaks and C. Daut of Court
Lincoln .deputy 'high chief rangers, paid
an official visit to Court Prosperity and
were present at the election of Past Chlei
Ranger B. A. Craig as delegate and Past
Chief Ranger A.' H. Thompson as alter,
nate to the subsidiary high court' .' On the
evening of the 3d of March this court will
have a social evening, when there will be
a , programme of . varied numbers, pro
gressive games of cards and a collation.
On the 18th of March Court Bohemian
will give an entertainment Jin aid of the
Twentieth Century Club, which is raising
funds to entertain the grand officers and
delegates to the high court.
The following are named as aspirants for
high court honors at the next session of
the high body: M. Boehm for high chief
ranger. 'O.M. Goldaracena and J. W.
Chute. for sub-chief.' George W. Lunt for
treasurer and J. J. Roberts for senior
warden.: ' ."r/Uj'ni 'ILiil.Lh' Mnbiiatlig
The nineteenth anniversary of the Insti
tution of Court Star of the, West of the
Ancient/' Order of Foresters was cele
brated on the night of February 26th by
an. icecream social/for members and
friends! i' The <• affair was arranged by
special committed composed; of M. Boep
pie, II. B. Chapman, H. F. Anderson,
Fred Johnson and C. E.' Shelter. The
court has also arranged for a benefit to
be .'got up In aid of Edward Nelson, a
member of tho court, who was recently
stricken blind/and whose wife a short
time ago died after an Illness which kept
her an invalid in her home. for four years.
This benefit wan given on the 1st of
March., -Edward . Strohmeir. M. :Boepple
and C, E. Shelter have been appointed
delegates to. the Foresters' Picnic Asso
ciation. ¦'.."..,
High Chief Ranger Boehm Instituted
Court Mount St. Helena last week with
thirty-six charter members. ;
Special Deputy Freeman instituted a
new court at Florence, Colo, on thel8th
lnst. .;,-.'•
Ancient Order of Foresters.
, Spring .Opening.
Elegant assortment of French pattern
hntB nnd bonnets at Mrs. M. J. Turner's.
200 Butter street, Monday. Tuesday and
Wednesday, March 3, 4 and 6. ¦ . •
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church will preaen
tnis morning on "Form Without Power"
and in the evening on "Busy About
Uuv.A. C. Bane of the California Street
Methodist Episcopal unutch will preach
this morning on ".Righteousness vs. Pro
fession" anu In the evening on "A Plea
for the Toiler— Can a Man or Woman Live
a Christian Ute While Working Twelve
Hours a Day at 15 a 1 Week?"
Rev. Frank K. Baker . of the First
Methodist Episcopal Church will preach
this evening on "Who Is the Real.Kuler
of This -World?". • •
"What Is the Bible? Is the morning
subject at the Central Methodist Epis
copal Church.
Kev. C. F. Fenwick Reed, the English
evangelist, and Professor Arne. the gos
pel singer, will hold revival meetings
every night from March 2 to the 17th.
Rev.. F. W. Lloyd of the Richmond
Methodist Episcopal. Church will. preach
this morning on "Saving Others" and. In
the evening on "Come and See."
Rev. E. J. Harper r. of 'the Centenary
Methodist Episcopal Church will preaen
this' morning on "Completeness in Christ"
and In the evening on "Power ., of ,' Little
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church will preach this morning on
"Tribulation— But Good Cheer," and in
the evening on "Jesus at the Publican's
Table." ¦
Rev. Frederick W." Clampett of the
Trinity, church ' will preach this . morning
on "The Church • Catholic" . and in the
evening on. '.'Faith' and .Works.".
, Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
grregathlonaT Church will preach this
morning on "I Will Lift Up'Mln* Kyes."
Rev. R: R. Lloyd of the Park Congre
gational Church will preach this morning
on "'Llvjng Righteously , In Evil Times"
and In the evening on "In a Roman Court
room With St. Paul^' ••.>.-. ¦ -. •
Rev. Mr. Eldredgewill preach this even-
Ing > on "The Christian's ' Food" at the
' Calvary Presbyterian . Church. •
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United
Presbyterian Church will preach , thla
morning on "These Three Yeare'Vand, In
the evening on "The Infidel's Photo."
i Rev. Bradford Leavltt of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach this morning: on
"Losing i to Save. \ •¦ ¦
'•"The Four , Openings" is tha subject
Three great meetings will be addressed
to-day by John Willis Baer, general sec
retary of -the World's, Christian Endeavor
Union, who Is now on an extended trip
through the States. In the morning he
will upeak In the Calvary Presbyterian
Church. In the afternoon he will address
a mass-meeting in ' the . Young Men's
ChrUtlan Auaoclatlon building under the
auHplces of tho Golden Gate Union of
Christian Endeavor. A.! B. McPher
son, president of the union, will preside
and Kollfi'V. Watt and Rev. W.i Kirk
Outhrle will take part In the exorcises.
Thin promises to be one of the grandest
meetings ever held by the Endeavorers In
this city. In the evening Mr. Baer will
speuk at the Trinity Presbyterian Church.
The monthly musical service of . the
Blmpson Memorial Mothodlst Episcopal
Church will bo held thta evening. Among
thd choruses to bo rendered by Urn large
choir are Dudley, Buck's "Art Triuu
Weary?" Mendelssohn's "I've Watted for
the Lord" and' one from Barnby's "Ke
hekuh" for ladles' voices. The soloists
aro Miss Mabel Gross, Mr. Coop and
Charles Taylor., I. E. Blake Is musical di
rector and Miss Mabel Jones organist.
General Secretary- Baer
to Speak on; Chris-^.
/ tian Work.
Eome Parties.
Miss Clara Belle Turpin entertained her
friends at a heart party Friday evening,
February 21, at her residence, 40 Bartlett
street. • •
Progressive hearts were played until a
late hour, when a repast was served,
after Which, the guests danced until the
early hours or morning. Prizes were won
by Salome. Williams and Dr. Harri
son Keene.
Among the invited guests were: Mr.
and Airs. F. S. Turpin, Mr. and Mrs. A.
W. Turpin, Miss i^aa AlcClain, Miss Sa
lome "Williams, Miss Blancne Taber, Miss
Kthel Laurence, Miss Maltie Gibbons,
Miss Mildred McKenney, Miss Lulu West,
Miss Edith Standart, Miss Francine Vi
deau. Miss Lulu Edwards, Miss Mabel
coy, Miss Maude Wuson, ur. Harri
son Keene, Floyd Turpin, Joseph Serres,
Harvey Gaspar, Floyd McNew, Chester
McClaire, Walton Edwards, Irwin Castle
hun, Dal Templeman, Ernest West.Koger
Wilson, Jack Keefe, Gorharri Ward, Clar
ence Laumelster.
Mr. and Mrs. Meyer gave a reception at
their home in Oakland Saturday evening,
February 22. The drawing-rooms and
halls were tastefully decorated with flow
ers and foliage. Vases of fragrant blos
soms stood on the mantels and jars of.
prettily arranged roses and violets orna
mented the cabinets and side tables. The
early hours were devoted to music. 'A de- .
licious supper was served during the even
ing, and the later hours were spent in
dancing. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs Meyer, Mr. . and Mrs. Buckley, Mr.
and Mrs. Schwerin. Mr. and Mrs. por
saz, Dr. and Mrs: Perkins, Mr. and Mrs.
Eckfeldt, Mr. and Mrs. Benner, Mrs. F.
Baily, Mrs. Hooper, Mrs. Pinny, ¦¦ Miss
Shannon Mhoon. Miss Inez Estudulo.Mlss
K: Benner, Miss E. Eckfeldt. Miss ¦¦ A.
Baily, Miss J. Benner, Miss R. Eckfeldt,
AD Splivalo Jr.,W. A. Daily. R. E.
Donde, Edward R. Splivalo, A. de^ Solo,
A. Williams. O. M. Splivalo, G. Williams.
W. Mhoon. C. Platt, T. Hooper, F. Klin
genstein.S. Gayness, Guy Lytton.and F.
S Mr^ e a t nd r~s. Abe GonzaJes gave an en
joyable bonoon party at their home, 409'^
Thirteenth street. Saturday. February 22,
in honor of the birthday of their daugh
ter Miss Amelia. Among those present
were the Misses Edna Goff. Florence Jud-
Son. Eunice Henry. Marie Santisteban.
Emma Olmos. Agnes Berry. Frances
Oberg. Emily Perle. Alice Perie, Flora
Oberg, Emily Rockwell. --
Mr and Mrs. William H. Murphy were
serenaded on February 18 by a number
of their friends at their residence. ( 1723
Jones street, in honor of their marriage.
After the band played several pieces the
Berenaders were invited Into . the house,
where a supper was served and a very
pleasant evening spent. .
A party was given Saturday, February
2° to Miss Agnes Dopovan at , the rest
fence of her parents, 3 Elliott street .The
house was prettily decorated In pink and
white. Th« evening was spent In games
and dancing, after which supper, wap
served. Those present were; Mr. and
Mrs. J. J. Donovan. Mrs. 8. Walsh. Mrs.
F. DibWn, Alice Kane, Uracfi Walsh,
Fiift O'Leary. May Kune, 'Josephine
WnU. ufmll >UnW Alle«; Smith, Claire
Oorrton, Adi, Lee, Apes Hlfttmry, Knt o
Nagle, Dorothy Loyd, Wfl« Goad, Ksthor
Hno AKnes Donovan. Messrs. B<1 ( .nss In,
Will cf«y. Milton Morris. Jo^ Mulv. hill.
Tom Kehoo, Robert Dunphy. Ohrls
Walih, Hurry Hall, Will MoLfoa of Han
ford. BIU BftUl«,'0«orRfl Slattery, Dnnlel
Jack McDonald. Jnrk Chnsn. Bimer l're«
man. Jack Falrgrleve. Will and,6eorga
D A n Srty wsi elven at th*i honm of Mr.
and Mrs 13. M. vroilHnd lt» Alumedn «««•
urday evening. February 22, the ocenHlon
being the celebration of the e^nty ninth
birthday of Mr. Vraelund. The greater
part of tho evening wbb spent In aftiKliig,
musie and playln« cards/ nfter which aup
per was served. Many tonsU woro drunk
to the health of the host and hoBt^B..
Among those present were: Mr. and Mm,
MM Baker, Mr.' and -Mrs. C. V. Has
kell. MIhs Lottie Hhakell. MIbb Ifloronce
Itustel. Colonel and Mrs. Burns, Mrs. Ho
ber? Mr. and Mrs. Kemp. Mr. nnd Mro.
John Utnchlg, Mr. and Mrs. Summers.
Captain Loop. Mr. ana, Mrs. ¦Raublnirer.
A fcurprlse party was 1 gWcn-Alfrcd^Ho
bro at tho residence of M. Kahn by his
many friends Saturday dvenlng. February
15 After, spending a pleoiiant evening the
guests enjoyed a supper. Among- those
who attended /were: Frances. Sparling,
Ella White. Lizzie de . Laurler, Bophio
Fuhs. Fin Bertrand, Hnttle Love, Victo
ria Godfrey. Frances Rowan, Genevleve
Drlsicoll, Nonie Peters, Donnle Todd, Stel
la FuhB, May Doherty, Max Kahn. .Walter
Faneher, Louis Bertrand, Lester .Hobro,
Charles Dykes. Forrest Adams, . George
Haun, Alex Ross, Fred Hobro, Roland Ja
cobs, Joseph Murphy. Fred Haun, Alfred
Hobro and Arthur Poheim.
Mrs. C. lAihrs-Cuttln* was hostess at a
card party given at her home, on Bush
street, last week; complimentary to Mr.
and' Mrs. I/arold C. Warwick, who have
returned from Los Angeles and will make
their home In Ban Francisco. Whist was
played and prizes were won by George W.
Haas and Mies Pearl Haas. Among those
present were "Mr. and. Mrs. H. C. War
wick. Mr. and Mrs. > Robert Christie.- Mr.
and Mrs. Gustavus.E. Dorn, Miss Pearl
Haas. Mr. and Mrs. Walter J. Tuska.
Mrs. A. E. Luhrs, Mr. Ous Dorn Jr., Mr.
George W. Haas and Mrs. C. Luhrs-Cut-
Club Parties./
The house-warming of; the, Sunday
school addition to/ Sunset Congregational
Church, on Ninth avenue; above' K street;
given by the Ladles' Aid Society on 1 Wash
ington's birthday, Saturday evening, Feb
ruary 22, \ was an; enjoyable ' affair. The
ladles present were In colonial costume.
The entertainment consisted. of the fol
lowing excellently rendered programme:
Tableau, "Martha Washington" at. the
Spinning Wheel," Miss Juno Alexander;
selections. Sunset Juvenile Orchestra,
Rev. Alfred Mace will preach on this
evening in Assembly Hall.
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach thi3
morning on "The Way in Which the
Church Has .Won Its Great Victories" and
in the evening on "Is Good Success Pos
sible to Every One?" *.
Rev. E. H. A very of the Westminster
Presbyterian Church will preach this
morning on "Cast Off That Bondage of
Fear" and in the evening on "John. 1 * .
Rev. E. Nelapder of the First English
Lutheran Church will preach this morn-
Ing on "Latran on His Travels" and in
the evening on "A Woman's Memorial."
Rev. T. Brown of the African Methodist
Episcopal Zion Church . (colored) will
preach this morning on "Lord, Save Us,"
and in the evening on "Come and See the
Works of God." '
A new denomination, known as the
Church of God and claiming to be non
sectarian, begins Its sermons In Scottish
Hall this day.
"The Jewish Woman" la the subject to
be preached by Rabbi Isadore Myers at
the Bush Street Synagogue this evening.
NOTED LECTURER
IS IN THE CITY
Rev. Father Butler will deliver the ser
mon at the 10:30 mass this morning In St.
Ignatius Church. In' the evening Rev.
Father Forhen will preach.
Rev. John F. Duggan will preach the
sermon at the Calvarian devotions In St.
Mary's Cathedral this afternoon at 3
o'clock on the subject Curiosity."
Rev. M. P. Smith, C. P. S., will preach
the third of his Lenten courses of sermons
at the 11 . o'clock mass in St. Mary'si
(Paullst) Church this x morning'. His sub
ject will be "Christ, the Light of the
World."
Thieves at the Racetrack.
M. Elliott, a musician, reported at po
lice headquarters yesterday that while ha
was at the racetrack Friday with William
King, a friend, some one stole his valu
able gold watch. He gave an accurato
description of the watch in the hope that
the thief would pawn it in this city and
it might b« recovered. He said that J.
Meyers, a traveling man, and others had
their pockets picked that afternoon at the.
track. >• J
Honolulu— Miss A. Alexander, Miss M.
Alexander, Miss S. Anderson,. *H. M.
Boies, Mrs. Boies, Mies Ethel M. Boies,
J. J. Brown, Mrs. Brown, A. D. Butt, A.
de Sousa Canavarro, Mrs. M. J. Carroll,
J. B.iCastle, Mrs. Castle, A. J. Clark, G.
F. Colard, Mrs. M. Conlan, Miss M. Dan
ielson, Mrs. F. M. P. Deas, M. Dunham,
S. P. Fenn, Mrs. Fenn, Mrs. Eugene
Field, H. C. Forrester, F. D. Gurney, J.
J. Hanley, C. D. Haven, D. C. Hegan,
Mrs, Retta E. Higgins, Mrs. B. F. How
ard, Miss B. Howard, J. Humes, 1 Mrs. F.
H. Humphries, Mrs. H. . C. Huntington,
H.Koehler, Mrs. Koehlcr, O. C. Koenler,
Miss J. de Lartlgue, Captain J. A. Lusk,
J, H. MacLaffcrty, 11. H. McCUntock.
S. Meyer. Mlse M, MulUgan, Mrs. J. H..
Myatt, F. A. Nagle, Mr*. C. C. Nutting
and Infant, MIhh Nutting. J. Q. Packurn,
T. A. Pettus, Q. a. Pinkham. MrB. Pink
ham, Mrs. A. Printer, Manter Prloster,
C. B. Rlchnrdson, J. Rooenbersc, W. J,
Sherer, J. T. Smyth, K. n. Sturges, Mrd.»
Rturges, U. If. Tnylor, Mrs, Taylor, Mrs.
M. A. Underhlll, Mrs. P. W. White. Miss
N.'W. White. E. P.. Williams, 'J. l>. Wood,
Mrs. Wood, MIhh L. Wood, ''Alexander
Yuuni. Dr. 15. VV. Young,' Mrs. Clark
and Mr* McCUntock,
i'OKO ¦Pafto-H, IS. Olnen, Dr. A, Pemzl.
Auoklnnri—N. Dudg«on, W. 8. Durkee,
Dr. It. Wuddell.'MIss M. V. WllklnHon.
Sydnoy-P. A'Chnmbfiti, Dr. 11. WIN
t tit in Dovlln, Mrs. M. Klvun, Miss Cora
Flynn, Mies Knle .lflynn. Miss IaicIs
Klynn, Monto Plynn, C. Haslam, B. If.
Jlowcll, C. C. McDunlel," Mri. McDanldl,
Mrn. V. Sieger, A. V. Street, Mr«. L. P.
Weaver, Master Weaver.
Join at Honolulu fox iSydney— Georga
Mowllng. Mrs, Mowllng. | •• ¦
Those who left for Honolulu and Aus
tralia Thursday -on the Oceanic Steam
ship Company's Sonoma are: " /';
Sailed Away.
Plont<er Ix>dga of tlm Friends of the
Forest had nn nvniitiK at home In Us
lodge room on the last Tucaday In Febru*
r.t y. Th' rr was a attendance of the
tnrmbfcrs and their friends, who were de.
Hi-iit fully rnt rrt niiirrt with a plraslng pro
prnnitiip of varied numbers, showing that
thoss who had charge of the affair un
derstand the art of arranging for an
agreeable evening. After the programme
a collation and light refreshments were
•erved.
Frlcndi of tb« Forest.
In Elkdozn.
Ban Francisco Lodge of the Protective
Benevolent Order of Elks at a recent
meeting adopted the resolution by which
after March 1 next the Initiation fee Khali
be Increased to ISO. admission by affllla^
tlon to SC5 and reinstatement to $15. The
lodge now has a membership of 660, with
flxty-four applications of Individuals who
want to get In before the raise goes Into
effect. It has assets amounting to flS.OOO,
of which 115,700 is caeh in bank, a pretty
good showing for an institution but five
years old. During the year which closes
en April 1 next the lodge will hav<v Jnltl
»-t"i more than 175 applicants for member
*>hlp. /
, J'nM Orand Exalted Ruler DetwHl«r
bus been mode a life member of San
KrnneUea Lodge.
The lodgo Im* under consideration sev
eral propositions for & new local.
Knights of Honor.
One of the most earnest workers for
Saxon Lodge of the Knights of Honor is
P. H. Thornton, who within two months
introduced and had Initiated sixteen
candidates into the lodge. At the last
htld scebIoii seven strangers were Initi
ated and five more will be initiated at the
next session. During the evening Grand
Dictator Archibald presented a gold en
ameled button to C. H. McKay and one
to C. L. Alben in appreciation of uervJoes
rendered the lodge recently. After this
there* was presented a fine Mexican
leather cigar ca*o to ton grand dictator
by the members of the lodga who have
bean Initiated since the aecond of lam
Jani.tiry. It bears a sllvor plate appro-
IJiatdy engraved. This lodeo has secured
u trio of slngero, who in future will nn
tertaln the members under "good of tht
order."
In the juiM It hm boon the cuutom of
nil the local lodge* to unit.' In a nktnln
and divide whatevtr profit* thero might
be for thflr elek fund. Thin year all the
lo<;il loAgft will work for Liberty tx)dfffl,
which I* to elvo a picnic at Camp Tny lor
on th« 3d of Mny, so as to enable It to
ncoup th« heavy drain on Iti nick fund
during the pMt yoar. More than J1400 wn«
paid for sick benefits.
Polar Star lx)deo will hold an' open
meeting 'on the 3d of March, which will
shortly afterward be followed by a
nmokcr and entertainment. This lodge
rropoees to glvt a smoker once a month
lor twelve months. J, H. Duncan has
been chosen as the chairman of the com-
Dlttee of arrangements.
Miss Kittle E. Aaron expects^ to leave
on Sunday, March 9, for an extended trip
through the Eastern and Southern States.
Mrs. Oscar Tobrlner will be at home the
Wednesdays of March at 1914A Buchanan
street. ' . .. ¦--'," "^
Mrs. S. J. Nathan will be at home Mon
days at the Hotel Richelieu.
Mrs. Hugo Mansfeldt has returned home
after having spent the past two years
traveling in Europe.. ,
The latest arrivals at Hotel Rafael com
prise:! Miss E. Parls t/ David La Salle, Miss
Mulroney, .'Mrs. S. 'Mulroney, Frederick
Woodworth. C. N. Hildebrandt, Mr. and
Mrs. . C. J. Nougues, Miss E. Alulroney,
Miss F. Mulroney, Miss L.. Mulroney, Mr.
and Mrs. James' Otis, Mr. and Mrs. H. P.
Sonntag, Miss Edith Sonntag, Mr. and
Mrs. George Hlgbee, Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Stanford, Thomas C. Berry, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Silberstein, Mr. and Mrs. M. Rey
nolds, J. P. Hoary, Raymond Armsby,
Miss Be'rry; Mr. and Mrs. Adam Grant,
William Sparks, San Francisco; L. A.
Weldenmuller, Seattle; Mr. and Mrs. N:
.C. Nason, Peoria.' 111.; Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Neilson, Boston; P. S. Moore, Freeport,
111.; Mr. and Mrs.' d: C. Storer, Philadel
phia. * M ' . ' . ' ¦ ¦•
Mrs. Clarence J. Sullivan has moved
from Shrader street to 1800 McAllister, and
_will receive' her friends on the first Thurs
day of each month. ,-. <
Miss Emma Hall left last week for the-
South. ' '....•• , • .. :
Mrs. Emma L. Hunt and her son Harry
C. Hunt, accompanied by Miss Daisy
Byrne, sailed on ' the Nippon Main lor
Seoul, Korea, where they will spend eight
or ten weeks with Mrs. Hunt's daugh
ter, Mrs.' H.R.Bost wick. " :
Personals.
Miss Beulah Stubbs and John Sunder
land were united in marriage last Tues
day In Chicago at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. J. C; Sfubbs, the bride's parents,
924 North Park avenue. The bride and
family formerly lived in San Francisco.
Miss Alice J. Greenbaum and Abraham
Rosenberg were married last ween by
Rabbi Voorsanger. Tne wedaing, whicn
was a quiet one, tooK place at the resi
dence of the bride's mother, Mrs. fc».
Greenbaum, 1072 Ellis street. The bride
is beautllul and accomplished. The gioom
is a memDer of the nrm of Rosenberg
Bros. & Co. and is well known. Mr. unu
Mrs. Rosenberg have gone to Southern
California for a two weeks' wedding trip.
Miss Flora Loui3e Muller and Herbert
Sewall Morton were married February U
by Rev. M. Weeden. Unly immediate
relatives witnessed the ceremony. Tne
coupie have gone south on a wedding trip.
Tne wedding ot Miss Klizabeth M. T.
Blattner and William H. Murphy took
place at fat. Francis Church Feoruary o,
the Rev. Father W. E. McGeough ottlciat
ing. Miss Mae Blattner, the bride^s sis
ter, acted as bridesmaid and Frank
Murphy was best man. A reception ipl
lowed the ceremony at the residence of
the newly married couple, 1723 Jones
street.
They're Married.
A reception will be held this afternoon
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Her
riian ' Ehrlich. 509 Golden Gate avenue, in
honor of the engagement of their daugh
ter, Dora, to Alex Salomon "of M. Salo
mon & Sons.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Julia Greenbaum to Julius Mendelsohn, a
merchant of Butte City, Mont. V
Mr. and Mrs. Isldor .Levin of 1 1105 Lar
guna, street announce, the engagement- of
their daughter, Pearl, to Marc E. Levy.
The engagement is announced - of . Miss
• Sadie Newman of Oakland and Aaron
Krebs of San Francisco. ' ; .
They're Engaged.
, / j^_~^HE lull in society, which, has
¦ r \S > \ given a much-needed rest 'io
¦ (( \ the tired maids and matrons
Iv v for nearly three Weeks, brings
\^ > r L y us to mid-Lent with a. number
of Interesting . events which
,, ,' - we are ready to enjoy with
rene-w-ad zest. . "VI : '- :
The much talked of McNear-Hopklns
!' wedding is only two days in . the future,
t It will be a most elaborate one. • •
The Oak Leaf Social Club gave a thea
ter party and banquet Saturday evening,
February 22. The club is composed- of
the following members: Mr. and Mrs. Ju
lius Finsterbusch, Mr. and Mrs. Henry A.
Hamilton, the. Misses Louise and Mar
guerite Koch, the Misses Clara and Anna
Fuchs, Dell Engle, Gus Laux.Joseph Ruf
l'fcr, Ed Lean, William Ayers, George Ah
rens and William J. Koch. •
• During the recent citrus fair at Clover
dale a ball was given. . The hall was
handsomely decorated and to the strains
of an orchestra dancing was continued
till morning. More than 100 couples par
ticipated In the grand march* which was
led by Al Schoenfeld of San Francisco and
Miss Madge Graham of Cloverdale. The
floor was under the able direction of Fred
Hiit-hl, assisted by P. Duff, F. Murphy, T.
Mitchell, E. Heahl. F. Yordi, C. Hermann
and C. Heahl. Among those present were
Mayor Schmitz of Sarri F r an cisco and
Brigadier General J. F. Wnith. . ; ,.
The members bt San Francisco Frauen
Verein gave a' large dancing party at Sar
atoga Hall. • 814 Geary street, Saturday
evening, February 22. Many guests- were
Invited and the affair was a very pleasant
one.
The church was filled to overflowing,
and after the entertainment refreshments
were served.
Edward Ewald, clerk pf the church, act
ed as master. of ceremonies, and among
the, ladies nresent were: Mrs. W. H.
Jcnes, "Mrs. Emma Harrington, ,. Mrs.
George H.Maklnson, Mrs. William Alex
ar.der, Mrs. ¦ Sylvia Hart, Mrs. Vestinn
Hogan,' Mrs. Beile Mouldrop; Mrs. Charles
A.- Davis, Mrs. C. S. Brundage, Mrs/Con
nyeau. Mrs. \V." A. Hoyt, Mrs. R. S. Blen
nerhasset, Mrs. R.- F. Diggenson, Mrs.
Stanley Sherwood, Mrs. E. B. Hallet,
Mrs. R. Shaft, Mrs. E. Cox, ' Mrs. W/ H.
Mitchel. Mrs. P. Diez; Mrs. Coakley, Mrs.
Ai Kull, Mrs. R. M. Webb, Mrs. G.Olsen,
Mrs. A. Strecker, Mrs. S. Higgenbottom.
Mrs. Charles H. Souther. Mrs. Dietrich,
Mrs. J. E. Clark, Miss Ik>u Ewald. Miss
Pauline Bauer, Miss M. Beetz, Miss. Mar
ion Hart. Miss Florence Harrington, Miss
Lina Beetz, Miss Alice Hunn. Miss Selda
Jones, MJss Mabel Jones, Miss Irene Har
rington, Beatrice Mouldrup. Among the
gentlemen present were: George H. Ma
kiiison, A. Harrington; William Alexan
der, Charles S. Brundage, W. W. Allen
Jr., J. H. Wiedemeyer, Robert Shaft, J.
A. Clark, E. Cox, H. Mouldrup. W. H.
Mitchell, R. s. Blennerhasset, Stanley
Sherwood, S. Higgenbottom, Charles A.
Davie, B. L. Hoff.W. A. Hoyt, E. B. Hal
let R. M. Webb.
Mrs. S. Higgenbottom, leader; recitations.
"John McCullough's Ravings,'.' as coming
from; a phonograph,' Chinese Imitations,
S. Bower; cornet solo, Mrs. Stanley sner
wood; vocal duet, Miss A. Moegling and
Augustus Fuchs; specialties by; A.'-;Kull;
remarks by the pastor of the church. Rev.
Mr. Burr. :: . '
SOCIETY EVENTS
THEHsXK FKAXCISCu. CA'Jbij^ S(IiN r BA : r;. MAKCH ; Ly ±yC2.
30
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
=— == #lau^ =====
Ready for Easter
: l " New Gowns, Waists, Skirts, Laces, Silks, Gloves, Ribbons, Trimmings, Neckwear, Belts
and -all the Mother things designed to become' a, part of your Easter toilet — The most exquisite
styles' collected on two continents, from the foremost authorities on- fashion. To make- our Easter
display doubly interesting we offer the following :
, . : ; Exceptional Values in Our
Ladies' Suit Department
Panama Cloth Suits with satin lined Handsome Tailor Suit of Basket .
Eton, vest and- collar trimmed with cloth in gray and tan — fetylish blouse
braided cloth;: flounce skirt; colors #17 jacket with vest, collar and belfr
tan and greens-Special at PM .J\J prettily stitched; serpentine skirt with <*rw fif.
¦ -V stitched bands; splendid value PZO.VU
Blnck Cheviot Suits with stylish Very stylish "Gibson" tailor suits,
Eton Jiicket, satin lined; flounce.skirt, made o f tne very best grade of black
entire suit trimmed . with narrow wool canvas; jacket taffeta lined;
bands of satin— a very effective suit; gjQCA tucked skirt with silk d r op ; — . Qr r nn
Special at.......... fj /•- 'V excellent value, ?OJ>.UU
In the Skirt Department
1 hese bpecial Values
¦ Walking skirts mnde of all wool black <*/ -ycr Taffeta Silk Dress Skirts, with pointed
Melton; with'stitched. fkire flounce,^ at.. vO./D graduating flounce, trimmed in moire cr\
Walking Skirts of bestquality heavy straps; at ** AJU
Basket cioth in tan and gray, with -yrr Tucked taffeta Silk Dress Skirts,with AA
stitched' flare flounce, ut */ ./D. six liberty silk ruffles; silk drop, at... vjLXjXjX)
Flannel Waists .Reduced
Closing out — our entire stock of Flannel Waists — They are in fashion's latest — in plain, polka
dots, tucked, embroidered, etc., all in the most desirable of colors — We don't want to carry them
over the season— thus the result' is— choice Waists sacrificed? regardless of their cost. *%»7
$3.50 and S3. 75. Waists, now. ..$2.00 $5.50 and $5.75 Waists, now $4.00
-$4.50 and $4.75 Waists," now ..$3.00 $7.50 and $8.50 Waists, now .$5.00
;r"^ri^t^ags;^^5oc^;v Belt Buckles - — 50c
At this price we offer, commencing to-morrowi choice, new buckles in this season's correct
a special lot of latest style hand bags in Walrus . . ' . , . , ,. . . ... ,.;r-i
leather, With chains-Black, Tans and Grays- styles-straight .and -dip shapes in gilt, black,
leather lined with inside pocket— Price while oxidized, enamel, etc., a large variety to choose
they last ..-.'....¦...¦.. ..50c from — special at :...... ....50c
Madras Curtains— $1.50 Scotch Cheviots — 35c
. Another great\ curtain purchase — Madras cur- Monday, we offer a choice importation of 32
tains.ecru ground, with cross stripes in,the prettiest inch Scotch Cheviots, in the prettiest of stripes
of Roman colors— finished with tassel fringe at and colorings — especially suitable for summer
bottom— suitable" for either dining or bedroom shirt waists—^Special value at 35c a yard,
curtains. — size 42 inches wide and 3' yards Some of the newest and best of Spring Fab-
long— price $1.50 a pair. . . rics are now being shown in this department.
\T D A O ur new illustrated booklet on Point Lace, Honiton and % Battenberg materials—
NOW KC3fly mailed free for.the asking.
,. .... y ...". :r - . -, iKearnyandSutterSts.l ¦ -'
And all other facial . blemishes are removed by
DR. s and MRS. A. - W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldinr. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-20, with the electric needle without pain or
•cars permanency guaianteeU; noun 1 to 4 p. ra.
Some Sensible Advice to Women by
v Mrs. E. Sailer,;
President German Relief Association, Los Angeles, CaL
Owiisg"to modern methods of living 1 , not one woman 'in. a thousand ap-
proaches this perfectly natural change without experiencing a train of very
annoying and sometimes painful symptoms. . • •
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending the blood surging to the heart until it
seems ready to burst, and the faint feeling that follows, sometimes with chills,
as if the heart were going to stop for good, are only a few of the symptoms of
a dangerous nervous trouble. The nerves are crying out for'assistance. The
cry should be heeded in time. Lydia E. Plnkham's Vegetable Com-
pound was p* epared to meet the needs of woman's system at this trying
period of her life, and all women who use it pass through this trying period'
with comfort and safety.
MRS. E. SAILER;
"Deab 3lns. Pinkham: — When I passed through what is known
as * change of life,' I had. two years', suffering, — sudden heat, and as
quick chills would pass orer me ; my appetite was variable and I never
could tell for a day at a time how I would feel the next day. Five
bottles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound changed all
that, my days became days of health, and I have enjoyed every day
since, — now six years. . . '
" We have used cpnsiderable of your Vegetable Compound in our
charitable work, as we find that to restore a poor mother to health.* so
she can support herself and those dependent upon her, if such there be,
is truer charity than to give other aid. You have my hearty endorse-
ment, for you have proven yourself a true friend to suffering women."
— Mes. E. Sailer, 736* Hill St., Los Angeles,- Cal.
When one &tops to think about the good Mrs. Sailer derived from Mrs.
Pinkham's advice and medicine, it seems almost beyond belief yet it is all
true as stated in her letter published above at her own request.
Xo other medicine in the world has received such widespread
and unqualified endorsement. Refuse all substitutes.
As a matter of positive fact Mrs. Pinkham has on file thousands of. letters
from women who have been safely carried through that danger period
"Change of Life." Mrs. Sailer's cure is not an unusual one for Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine to accomplish.
No other person can give, such helping advice to women who
are sick as can Mrs. Pinkham, for none have had such a great
experience — her address is Lynn, Mass., and her advice free^ — If
j you arc sick write her^ — you are foolish if you don't.
Si" <*+ fifl KKVTAI1D. — "Wehavedepositedirith the National City Bank of Lynn. $5000.
S\3 8 B P I 9 which will be paid to any person who can find that the abore testimonial letter
CT{ grist is uot gsnuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special per-
kJr \J V U session. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mass.
Opening^ 1
Motide^^^^^^^^ March
Tuesday l^^W^^ * 4
Wedncjda^^^^l ¦ and i
General exliibit of pattern
Kats and Summer trimming
6ucce66orA to LEOH MILJLINERY<9
£M"3 ¦ M-ar-Ke« 4S*^
IAA/"© W^nt To reduce ouf «tock of duplicate designs In
+ <¦+¦' y.^/. * ¥ ui 1 y sideboards. These prices ought to do it—
30.00 Massive golden oak, hand polished. French beveled mirror 37.50
50.00 Canopy top, swell front, golden oak; 17x41 French mirror 37.50 f
47.50 Flemish oak, bold carvings. Three French plate mirrors 40.00 '
45.00 Golden oak, carved French legs; bulged front, polished 40.00 f
33.50 Quartered golden oak, neat carving, beveled'plate mirror 28.50 H
And a 16.00 Golden Oak with Beveled Plate Mirror for $12.25 I
k ,j " J I
I^O T Tl lir^O Our new Can^ts we make new H
A If: X 11L1 prices for this week: \\
70 c. 3 patterns-two-tpne red,. green floraland Ivory ground floral 55 C !
90 c. 3 patterns-Oriental green, India red, and blue ground floral 65 C j
I 1.50 Axmlnster parlor carpet, 3 patterns, green, camelhair, red floral $-1 15 I
I Sewed, lined and laid la S. P., Oakland, Alameda and. Berkeley. I
m ' ' HMBBKk£ h
I \ -^The Credit HouaoV .Slx^torieaHi^K. [I
i 1^ 2^235*^37 Pd&t'S tregfc Phone Private Cx y?
HHUHlflmiBWMMBMQfeMI ~™~^^^™"~^""""*sa»iiB^BM^B^i^i^B^iMssBis»«^Tarnalpaln^Gftnip on the tilghf of the
24lh Ittnt. (?«v« an entertainment and ball
that wru Attended by a large number of
litlKhbora ef woodcraft and their lady
friends and relatlvtn, There wan present*
*d an enjoyable pfoirrnmtne of varied
tiumbpra and then a well arranged seleo
tlon of up to date dnncca.
Golden Oats Camp at Ita Inat held aea
•.Ion paMcd a voto of thnnkg to the Ban
l^anclaco Call, "for Its kindness In giving
publicity to the recent domonatratkin In
honor of Head Conaul Kalkenburg, and
fur publication of items of Interest con
cornlriff this camp."
The members of Richmond Camp have
under consideration a proposition to erect
a hall In tho Richmond district. A few
evenings since Messrs, O'Rourke, Davis,
Green, Moore and Hutnff.met at the
home of Neighbor Warner and discussed
the matter, adjourning to. hear a report
from a special committee at a futura
meeting.
Woodmen of th« Worldi*
The srnnd matron will pay a.n ofTlelal
vim to Morning Htnr Orpve In J'etiiliimit
on the 4th Inat, On thn 6th ihn will vlilt
f/umM cimpi'-r In Hnn Mntr>o And will i>.<
MccomufltilKd by Dlatrlet l>.«pnly (Irnnd
Mnif.Mt Aiitili" M, Johnaon.
AJlMMntmfi. «'iiMt>i. i iii Mountain View
will be omclslly vialtrd on the Bth Inat.
by thp dlBtrlot deputy grand matron of
that aiolHct.
After routine bunlnoaa at iln< Inat hnld
•raalon of King Solomon Chnptcr of tho
Orcdr of (ho Kimtcrn Htnr, In Ita mcothiR
place In Krnnklln 1 1 till, (he ufflcen of Oiq
riniriil atar treated the membora and
vlaltora to a Martha WaahlnRton tea In
honor of th« annlveraary of tha birth of
thft father nf hi* country, Th« ladlen
v.fn. rirraacd In thn coatumei of rwlonliil
tlmei and liml (heir hair powdered, They
ntrvid (in and rnkea, and whlla thean
wen- being jhihm'iI around thftra waa the
following pifiKt'iinunit of entortalnmtmt :
Vocal hi. In, .Iniri.n Hmi.Iioii; vl.illn ulill-
Kntii, tha Mleaea Ufmllnii, datiKhtara of
Mr«. Ui.blliif r nf thu i hiipttr; niliiillun,
MImj Ma.. V, n'K.r'fr, and hallnri, Mlaa
Ftorrnca I'prklna, The affair waa ono
that liaa seldom been Rrllnaei) in unv of
the chapters of th« jurladlntlon. «iml It
waa Hi.! luiunliiiHiiB uxpii'tuliin of (he vlal
tma llntl King Huliiiiii.il liiMiwH how (O fii
iniitln, ami nmito KiifbiH f, 1 1 (hut (hey
era we|ofim»t liurmf ilia pveiiing (jiti
worthy p»tron, vt¥<\ HurragB woofl, de»
Hvtren «n adrtreaa, In Iho rnurpp of whl»»U
ha apoke of the (joort Henri" of the Indie*
whfj fMFm the eontFftl Msf rr/I uffert all
gJlirlWM to Juln tha ijfitpp Qfh\\§ jf««(prn
Htjiri which !« fminrtert m pUFe U^imx
iinnfipltPi «n fFfllefflfll Inve and {\w «ro=
IfetlHH tit wldowi find OFiihsHH,. Amons
(ha many viwtlnrji wpfpi mfk.- j), f, I)"*
ftt«, Jdtt Mnv AH*" ?>}«^« (it Ht«t'ktfiii,
Mf, (fpftmi tit filled* isinndi mm h nura»
Ijijf of l!i*> fiFflijd ftiricsfii,
.Wftfj.br Hiflllli MfttFftll MrjJ, CjflFft All'
i".it uii..it.iM will iim.v mi unit In) violi im
IWiilfih r|iu|il»i im-ihiiiiiiw iilMJtl, fln»
mr-Miiift lipiiitt »»jippj«lly fftllpil hi hoiitir at
thr» vMHIiik nflli'liil, lit niilr-r tu fifi'inn
uiniiHti. hef Id dntP*! fill- «ithff ofllcilnl
vIpMm iitRVluiiffly spj, 1>n rniiijjiittird will
Ijb inifi nil ii fof JiiillHljon, H»d na n ftnii'
pfal InvllHtlnn In numltfra of tim urdflC
(o in. |im HMit haa lif<n fnifiniiMi n in
•-*!«• ' ¦«•¦<! that thfi» will be a Inrsn ni*
t«*it'iBnf#,
Tha Eaitern Star.
FnmbroitlH Society.
Century Clrclo. of th© Fnmbrnnla Borloty,
organised out of the membership of tho
Choacn Frlendi, hold n meeting nn the
19th inat. In Ita hall In the Forciatnra*
building and after the trananctlon of rou-
Him btmlinHM went to a downtown cura,
whnro a bunquDt wna iiartHknti of, B.
Caro waa the tonntmnater and during the
ovftnlng thore wero a number nf rtiHponnea
bearing upon thn new orifiuiliutlon nnd Ita
advuticement in thla city. It wait repre*
antitfd that It la doing wnll In Mm ICnnt.
The grand master makes the follewliiB
renouncements of vlaitatlons to htds^y
during Murrh; 7th, to Hscklln; 8th, Au
i.tirtt; loth, iliu'liiul; lit it, Oakland; 12th,
Murtlnei; lath. Han JeRquin; 14th, Apol*
lo; 16th. Truth! 17th, Hm Pnhloj JHih,
1'i.iittt itMNti 19th, Kurr-ltii; ami, Valley;
81*t, Sheridan, and 23d, indiigtrlul,
On the --•*! la of February the hi ••ml iui<m<
ter, Hi'iHiiiimiiioil by iiriniiv (Itand Mus
ter M. (). Hill Of Itiwi ilhlff, iiiil.l ft ffit.
ifi-iiftl visit to Harbor l<odge In unklund,
Joel W, Prlea of HuIniih, pmvm the Holano
HriHiiiiiiitii, In one of the veterniiM of Odd
lMlnwahlp, he having bpen liiltlttteti Into
ll.n lining ill Kllli'.ilt Mill*, Mil., on th.>
14lh nf Kphrunry, 1M0, and on th* inth of
Mnrch, l«rti), he trnnafpired hla ntembnr*
Klilp td Hiilmni LuiIijk nnd linn Imnii n
regular Rtlpndnnt evt>r ulnon, lln \n uUu
a member of Cryntnl Iteboknh Lodge.
Purker Lodge wtll have work In tha In
itiatory degree on the 4th of Mnroh.
Yerba Buena Lodge had work In thut
degree an the occuHiun of ltd limt held
meeting, i
Unity. Paclflo, Farnaworth. Ophlr, Alta
end Uolden Weat lodgea of the alxty-aev
tilth dlatrlct met in joint Manalon In tha
Memorial Hull of the Odd Fellowa' hulld-
Ins on t it** night of the 87th of February
Hiid were addreoaed by leading membfliM
of the order In Ito Interegt.
'Grand Master Nlchollfl/of tho Independ
ent Order of Odd Followa paid an oHlclnl
vlalt on the 27th of February to Bhlllcr
Lodge at Sacramento, The following night
he wiih with the lodge In Placervllle, and
on March 1 with QrunlU Lodge In Fol
aom,
The Odd Fellows.
Independent Foresten.
irigh Chief Rungcr McKlfrenh haa la
¦ Ucd a ciri ul.ir announcins that Ilia Bu
lireme Court of the lndepundent Order of
Porettftrf will convene In Ixm Angtlen on
the Dttl tif next April and will i. niuln In
BCHPion u» to May 3. An effort will b§
made to nave the deW-gatea hnid a one<
rtay eeeelon tn thla city, and a meeting of
i tin HMD FranciNto depuilta will be held
Muri'h ti to hiiniii> for the entertainment
uf the d<-|rgatf-« and nuprtm* oOitem, The
meetinti will b c held in th^liall of Court
JJitum,
Court Yerha Hu^na will give a a^elal en
the j;-Hi of Mareh in the gihlein building,
Th« Lady Elks.
The valentine |iarty given by the lMy
i :• ... auxttibiy to Oold^n Qate I^odge c*f
th0 JniiriipudpMi Clka of America, In tha
i*mli»l in. ii of tho Aimfni. wan a very
nlna^MiB aTTniv that *•«« rmuiurini nn.l. r
lo illlftlli.li nf «Iip f.iHiiWltlB lilttiird ?'Bffl.
Inlltppi MrudniiiPB hi, J«> Himuhti, tfodle
O^frihiftii, Jupnplilne Wnlwoilh, Ida lint,
trrnnld, A. 15. KlultP ahd Mny Mullcr. The
lmll mh* flprntnted with rrlmunn b^nfta
«f varimia rlt,en, nnrt iiutinir th« march
vnlPlitinrn With illolt'lldllrii ((» nil,
Inter Son « *ti «¦!•• has completed all ar
rangement* for Ha party In th« Alenisftr
on ii'i- night "f the 17th init, The «ti *'i««
Ii already iirfparlng for Its annual plcnto
»" he fUvrn hi Miii nit ViPta. Park en the
Doth or July, Tit" male membera of thin
circle, «n the laat Tutuday lit Kelirtiary,
had n put }>tip" In Htnre tnr the lady mem«
ber*. To tnv\\ of these there wai tire*
prnfnl it i Imim In 111" Pluipi' Of a hllvoi'
heart, iirttiinr? the moiiORraiti af the uroiA,
On the llth of I'Vlirtiiiiy th§ iiirmhrrn
Af Hay City Circle had, ttfter the mnet>
Inc. ii him li«l hour tuni a luiiniiiot; hIho a
•It ii wIhk for A hAtidmutic tiililn iMivpc. Thin
wm won liy (Irnnd Bub Chief Cotnputilon
Mrn, )!. Worms, the financial Recretary of
tho circle. • "
Captain C. W. Agee. huaband of Mra.
Kate Agee, past grand chief companion,
djed recently at 8t, Albana, Mo,, whither
he had gone for the benefit of his health
Ha had been a nufferer for neveral year*,
lie ws> but Si} yeara of age,
tiiimii Chief ComiiRnlon ! MIbh Allee
Tieouldt will bay an official visit to Kl
Vprbano ClrciB In Oakland en the 6th
Inat. 8he wtll he accompanied by a num
fepr of the Hinu.i iittii'i-rs,
Th» oflifwfl of \ Hamlet (jlFcle uf lite
iftVM ,Jwh iHslalM fur- Hie GUFFtmt term
hhftl: Atlw tlte eemntmy ihPF§ was ufe=
f? llle i d ? jileue of eilveFWiiie to
Uie thsliiiiliii ollii'tFi afigp whluh Ui§FB
was aii iijstiiltalluii feujt^F fuF the Mem
te i" 1 . 1 H A v! l^ K Ue " tS; . A '»u'i» lhase
Hi;cihi>h Wiiu MiUwi UiUJii heF tleVeHUt
tyjisec*jllV« tPJhi a» llhtthulttl f>teUNl4i-^i
been tt-t-fuiut-eh anil B!(m ilehe P. Jluse,
who Imn bpfii tlehl Ivi-ine 111 utllee.
'l'he retuhi «!uiet» ful- the piu! of iast
ypar Bhow that Uurihf (he catatdar year
1U2T weiy JnltlatPU, SB were reinstated anil
1} Joined by curt!, 074 were droiiped from
the mil by hmRun of non-payment of
due*, withdrawals ami dentlm, iho num-
Ut-r of tlie latter being 17. The total mem
brrshlp at Hit. close uf the year was £402,
with ii net gain uf 460 during the year.
Inter Nub Circle has arranged for a
fancy dreM party on the jilght of the 17th
of March. \
On the SOth'Inst. the grand chief paid
nn official visit to Perruclo Circle in
WtiHhlngtun Hall and aha wan well re
ceived. The work of the oftlcera was per
formed in a satisfactory manner, and
after the l>u*lin\** of the uvonlnff a pleas
ant hour won apent.
The officcra of Live Oak Circle have
been inMuMrii for the current term by
Deputy Grand Chief Companion Herman
lviiini. 'Mil* circle haa decided to move
to Natlvo Bona' Hall and to change :ta
meeting nlghu to the aocond and fourth
'1'uepdays.
Tin. oRtcera of Qolden Gate Circle wero
1 tiMi it IIi-«l Junl week by Huiirnmi H\ib-
Chh-f (.'iitnjiiinliin Mr«. L. Atwood. Thla
circle. will pay a fraternal vUtt to Inter
Nna Circle on tho 4th of March.
American eempanieni,
At tlu* met'-tlng uf the Ban FraiuMico
rubliHt mi thp iHBt I !hhm!u\ In February
It «aa drcldt-d to print a new roster of
th? iiu-mbtTH in tht* Ban Kranulaca cuutt
<il(> uinl to adu tu th« narns the roster of
'¦'¦•¦•<¦ in Alamoda County, If ugrefable to
the councils of that county. A commit
tee was npnolntcd to report on the fetts
tblllty of the lucal counclla all meeting
In ii.' ! .ni.i- i.iiihiinK. Speaker MnnM
• !.u i. .; a nubMcripllon for a banquet to
M eU«*n on the occaelon of the return
of CaUfornta's Senator from the next ¦*»
i ."ii of lha Hi n:itr. Tha price will ba
»i to !¦¦ i pitta and it will be open to all
tnctnbcra of the order. Kearly ell pre»
¦ ¦ i ..!!..%..) their names' to tin- list. The
counclJ will puy an oflirlat visit to HI
CaplUn Council on tho 20th of March.
Golden <iHt»* L'ounell uf Ui* NHlional
Unlsa «» HP weMintii on !h*1 I'u^ilftr l»
iHiUftUrt two suanseuj \* WE*
ftmui ih§ ihiw dtsrees «imn thrift \\\ ft
WHHHtF \ liSl Fettled gFt-ttl GF^dlt ttp9B
UW Uffll-lfllliig tt!n(. ; tlB: UHfJer fe'Ubtl l)f
thp bJfltr Hit liUHHet fUrHibhetl fifVeial
leleeUsuii m»\ lh>H Hie feiipaktF mailed tw
h dbbatte by ti^fttktF, TliUmi^tiRi
Uhjuh tiiitl linkti bit, "is tl \i\ feeeitlliS
«Hh KPUuUe&B It1(-aa tu boW tlUwii tti
h jtrii-w utallvp of Hiiall^if" The ICHtir
tif ibP ¦<> ' ¦¦" "¦•-¦ that «i!ii«- it I" in
kttplisB with tlit? dlpiiHj- uf the Uovein
ii» ni ty pliuw due lesuei't tu a meniber uf
a iujhI Jamily that la friendly to this
(!ll\t I Illlllllt, ft lR Il!!lrplllilli-M!l t(J 1n»llj'
to rut Hit)* :¦•¦¦! in vin!:tij..!t uf the iitlm i
]¦¦ IhIi] dunn li> ilu.K.- uIim foueht tin
iJHtths of the war of Independence.
National Union.
RAND CHANCELLOR CAL
"/ \/C KINS, who has since his elec
/( r^>v\ tlon at Stockton last May. offl
lV' 1 J/ dally visited the greater por
\^y tlon of the California lodges,
reports marked activity
; anuHig the Knights of Pythias
In almost every district. Eight new
lodges have been organized so far during
his administration and several more are
in process of formation. With very few
exceptions, the established lodges -are
growing at a good rate. The Increase
Is of a desirable and lasting character, as
well as the" greatest attained In the do
main during any . corresponding period
within recent years. ,
Advices received at headquarters from
all parts of the country: give assurance
that the International gathering of the
order to be held In San Francisco next |
August will be the largest yet recorded,
and thaj the number of visitors will be
the greatest that has ever come to
the State. Every State and Ter
ritory will send large delegations of mem- |
bers, and the Canadian provinces will be
well represented. Even Mexico and the i
Hawaiian Islands will send delegations.
The unusually low rates of railroad fare
to the State from all points, and the fact
that these rates are available also to non
members, Is leading tho western railroads
to prepare for the heaviest passenger
traffic in their history.
Friendship Lodge of Healdsburg has in
creased to 170 - members and expects to
reach the 800 mark by July.
West Oakland Lodge has recently sain
ed fourteen memben and la receiving ap«
plications at every convention.
l.oiiK" No, 170 »t Cantervilta had a ban
quet on the 87th uf February.
Fythlanlsm la popular at Fresno, Tha
two lodge* are growing rapidly. The
Ralfeln iMiy hand, which ntnUw amonft,
tha good unwind nrganlsntiauH of thai
canst, hHB Joined tha order, Wnwona
• 'iiiiiintiiy of dm uniform rnnk la drilling
liiihittirhiuhly mill lining (o i>ii|ilur«( nun
Of lilt- IfltlllllK prlVSl'H III the Hit *t * IHIIIIl'Wl
At Huh l-'ninilhrii next AugllHt.
Tho IimIki-h al I'iiln Alto and hnn Ontoa
riiitiriniiliiiii orgditlilng iiiilfnnii mult
• 'i<iii|iiitilt-i«.
A IimIki; lim JllMl Imi'll lllHlllUlml 111 Illiy
K«rH, TrliiMy CVunty, 'itiiil »iiiii(li«r ft*
him, MiHUiyfui I'mmiv. Thoru (a mwo rt
Hew.iortBB wt OnivMlH Hifil i!!in w.| 13t)«B:
wmihI, Hfthlyou uuuiuyi rm\v tu be Tn=
Bljlllli:tl.
pIhi'm )pM Mhv.Ui^'p Iihvp Itppn nine
new unffiti'in rtfuh. • i nm|irtiilw 1 imisteriii
In In (his rIh(»i tlirvp'HHVs.Nen reiJr's
«Hnl*pai Jivu Hit* ftWHltliiB BijiilimifiilB \m
ftm ijpini bwhhi n HntT.llve \wm mfs
\mm »)fHHi>!«eif: A fourlh Fegiinenl Has
laHUH.uf llie I'jfloef Geunty ledges has
KPleVietl *i I'ljiiiymlee nl five meiinjers 11 lu
JHPel BUUH Hi HfWt-agUeHHa fOr'JH H t1U=
tHL't I'bHilHlltePi WlilWi Will iiftVB I ti liTiftfBB
UiB HH ; ftt!8ehieiHB,,lur" ,a llfOlief ,r'eitfe=
WHlftlibH Ml BttH.PfHHt'iuea Heal Aufiiist
III lh§ JUti^fi ftlid tliB HOFtlbUllUr'ali Hilll
iittf ami uthpF iiHitiutits ur Flat'er" L'uuMjh
The fliitiiml ?•jM'tlnim nmt liisitMi'litins Of
lh« uiiiruriii^r'a'm t'oiiiimiifes ale mm \m
ihk hpiii. The !t.|ini ih uf the ihhiwi-iihh
tjifii'pjh that ai ; e beiiitt, received at hertti
tjU&rtefafchUW tt FeinarkaUli ihiitidVPUielit
ilui I mm (lie 1'iist ji-ii i- lit tills limiich Uf
the brueh
The next tlrand Ijoilpt* will bniiV^ht* hi
Pah Fmnt'luco on Moiulny pvpjiIiib, May
J», the (HevtUuiB for rppreppiHiltlvfiB there
to being held by the bubtit-illnate loilges
tit the Hint ivKiilnr convention In Aiuil,
Tho iniiMtiiin of ihUiIiIIhIiIiim the Ui-nnd
LodRu in i iiiitni'ivtly In Bnn Frnnrlpco will
be revived with vlftor at the coming nen
•lon and will have a number of warm
tiilvi.iiiiiH. Another 1 of the leading sub-
J'-i'tH to be determined n«lde from ar
riiiiKliiK for the Buprema meeting next full
will be the determination of the quentlon
aa to whether California la to have a
Pythian home established.
FRATERNITIES.
THE SAN. FRANCISOU CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1902.
31
AlflDNCEIENT!
PIANO RECITAL
»=liy 'fll«—'
Angelus
Piano-Playef,
—^-ABHIBTHl) riY —^
Mr. Frank Erwin Rodolph,
Baritone, ;.•
v AND Tl 1 10
VICTOR TALKING MACHINE,
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall,
SATURDAY nt 3 P.M.
Mni'chH, 11)0*2.
Hen WeiliiPPiluv'H »''. fOF pingriinime. Ttoltata
ran i»« »ilit»ln«i' i»r»tl» at Pharman, n\uy a
Pb,'K MhbIp Ptor« Rflap Tne«(1ay,
Fischers Theatre
O'Fflrfelli lielwppn Sfopkfon and I'§w«lli
I'lt-iim, Mrtiit y/ll,
Ths Whole Uiiy i?h«i-Hietf With ins New and
iiphiihiiiI Itouie
r""ffa 60080,1.
THB FRENCH. MAID
lilUMl^Uh 01", JJAITOAtlNtt. OAMaUJfT,
OllJdlNAU MUHHf and
V/ttBH,
DHdOlin BMATB "QUidK."
(Only Sria Mini f»'i", and All lieMrved,
Matlneea Baluidny " tinfi «iinrtny. 110a to Any
1'nrt of the Thenter.
Children nt Matlnppn 29d,
Next I'KMluulltin-'TIIH liiTTLH CIiniBTO.
. pnwn," (
An Mxertieltttlnsly runny Gemedy,
Heatf One W@ek In Advance.
' TO'NiailT— ONB WWBK.
:,WHW T1MM II MtU. '
Anthony Hopo'b Great Romance,
Rupert of Kentzau.
A Sequel to "The Prlaoner of Zenda."
Complete ' Original Production.
Splendid Cnat — Handaome iCoatumea."
i TWO BI'ECIAL MATINEES or
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA
".Will Bi Given on Tlwrnrtny and Saturday
¦¦'•'¦'¦' ' Afternoona.
NEXT— Bartley Campbeirn Immortal nay.
"THR WHITIfl SLAVB."
¦MEATS THURSDAY.
Jl/lBTTOPOLlTAN HALI
ITl Fifth itreet, near Market. *-»
TO-MORROW,
n,,,, o, I MONDAY
Mitln Ml rV I / * ! I '1'
hhnrii..Mi )( ( IMIlll 1 «
V'JSifioVtBy I MAR. 8
ftn'iirn Honw After Curo/wnn Trlumpbi,
Alilitad hy (tifl»« iVI.-liiiilnl Kiirii|»''iii Artim*.
First Amorloan Appoarnnc5Q
¦ P*"nT,0 OAftATifl. Vlftlnnnelllih
T.VoVr Vrntl W A TJ, I'liin bi.
I'Fusantjng a |»rfwr»nima nf
IH A 1 1 oril«r« t\mW h» *<\f\r*w<\ to J,
1VI/\II-. n iiir«ii, m* Vslflfs llotel, eltyt
•, |i r |ppM— |li *SJ «m1 i'l.
PAMMAMIWiV? WWHNI^i>A¥ liVigNINO,
IMAIICH fi^_ ¦ " _^
WINTERS
CIRCUS!
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
Vnleni'lM Mtft hmih'Pfilh slfl,
HVMHY.WVJilNIMU, .
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
i.HRBB ..CRBAT
SHOWS IN ONE.
QRGAT DUNBAR FAMILY.
DAMN3 OYMNABTB, -'
if AQNHflGHNT ItlNO FMATS.
,THA1NMD,AN1MALB.
BBAUTIS'UI. ' LADY mOMRS.
APMlBfltON. ¦ jjcjjGtilLpiltflW, 10a.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
DEL CARLO OPERA COMP'Y
To.nUht, March's, 11)02, and ths evsnlnga
of'WHDNKBDAY, Bth| BATUUDAY, 8th, nnd
BVtiliAY, Oth, will lw preaent«d for tho first
tlma In Ban FranoUco
L'AMIOO FBITZ
(In Italian), -Opera In' thrc* acta, by PIE3TTIO
MABCAQNIcWlth large orchestra and chnrua,
under the mualcal dlrootl6n of 1'rofeaaor Aug.
II. Hodemann and V, Uraumando.
Kntlrely naw . caat, 'now aeenary, aplondld
ooftumea.
t The ¦ hall will ' b« ' aplendldly decorated.
Ileser ved ' aeata now on ¦ Main at - I3ox r Of (lea.
1'rlceH — Mnln Floor. $1 BO, *1 oo, floe; P«'-
cony, 75c, . COc, Ueneral Admlnalun, ; titu
B| Week Commencing THIS AFTS&- B
J3 . NOON. Maxell 2. p
|vaudevIlle|
g The World's Greatest Acrobats,
E _THriJNjNELSONS. §
| TBEiUERS, |
q R*«r-Plcklne Picture/ Maken. 7 ' ' n
S' T^lvrMUDG£ S
I Tha American Otrl Wbo Captivated H
Q London. H
| m^WOObT&MOSS^iDB» 1
U Bintlns Comadlana. «
| PROBYN i
g LADIES' QUARTETTE, I
JJ Inatrumantallata B«yond Compart.
S BILLY singte CLIFFORD 8
fj Comadtan. jQ
§ NUGENT InFTeRTIG*, j
r^ In "TUB Aii:if.NTMi.Ni'i;n man- E
ej OAH."
nioiiEpiir'S
U With N«W Mtivln* PlP^gaf,
g ' TIIC MGCRS, '
n eemidF W»r« Walker*. ,
i P»fi'iili Any p««J, ifi^i BalwRVi !fl»i s
j f'hiitlMHi H¥i aH¥ t)ft« - >>«Ha^f Mi j
!.»;,¦».?. a nw Umi FOW4, :
! r»**SF¥eai fi5«:
TO-NUJHT,
IARIiWI:LL POPULAR CONCERT.
Chicago
Symphony
Orchestra.
rwv-Amn.'n-ji-rsn.
Dvorak'a "NEW WORLD ISTMPIIONT."
(Foundad on Negro Melodies.)
Wagner'a "RIDB OP THlfl VALKYRIES."
Llait'a "LE8 PRELUDES."
DUET From "nOMEO AND JULIBT."
And nnitlant Botoa by VAN OORDT. Vlollatat.
And WAUNRFl calll.t. and by SPECIAL Ita-
queat Tachalkowaky'a l*ia Overture
and Other Orllllant Numbara,
PRICES 50c,_73c and 51.00
BOX OFFICE TO-DAY AT
METROPOLITAN HALL.
KATHARINE FISK
TUB fiRBT GflBAT CONGBRT CONTIULTO
TO VI1IT TlUii i:iTt IN MANY YfiARS.
4 SONG^RBCITALS
— At—
HlllIH.MAN, CLAY O CO'6 HALL
Tin-:nr>AV AND mtDAY NtaitTB, Marcti
11 und It.
TIIURflOAt AND SATURDAY AFTBIU
NOONB, Ma^ch 1.1 mvi in. v
Baata T5o. 11.00 and II nn.
At Hharman, Clay A Co. 'a, naxt TtiuwSay.
Oakland Concert. March 19.
Dlrarttnn ALFRED BOUVIER and WILZi
OhEENDAUM.
HftftftSW?
Balueo A ThaJI, llantftra.'
MATINRH TO-DAT.
TO-NIOHT "THH HKAD Of TUB rAMlLY.*"
TO-MORHOW, MONOAT.
A ina euccisss r.vjatYW'Hi-ais!
AT THB
White Horse Tavern
A ni§* Prnductlnn ef a C|aye? Plaf.
Heaiillhil Alj.lna HreiiHi y - t Ire^t ('**!,
Maala mi «>•!« A I'av* In A<1v»nea,
MATINBH PATURDAY «n^ SUNOATt
t'ltfria- ift.i, si... mm, 099 «n4 T|«,
GRAND CONCBRT. _
AILEEN McCABE,
TMU WONOBnftJL CfflLD YtOtdHlWf,
A«olat«d if r^mln«nt Lcieat faltat, Will
Mah4 tUt Dabul 41
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL,
TUESDAY BVBNING.
' Mnrclt 4, «t n O'Clnck.
Tiekiti en iaU tl RhtrmaB, a*/ A CVa ,
Mh«|i» fUtnr* en nmi aftar Mar«h 8,
RACING
NtiW CALIFORNIA JOCKBY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK. '
Raeaa aurt at a: is p. m. iharp.
' tVrry-boat I«av<« Ban Franalaco at 13 m. *M
Vt'M, 1, ll30, 3, f.'M and 8 p. m., oonnaotln*
with tralna atopptng 1 al tna antraitc* to Um
track. Laat two eara on train raaarvad tat
Udlea and their aacoftaj no amokln«. Our your
rsrry tlckata to Shall Mound. Alt train* Tl»
Oakland mols oonnact with Ban Pablo av«nu*
el«ctrlo cara at Savtnth and Uroadway, Oalc
land. Alan all tralna via Alameda mol« eon'
nect with San Pablo avanua cara at Fourtaanth
and Broadway. Oakland. Thca* alcctrta can
Bo direct to th« track tn fifteen mlnutca,
Returntna 1 — Train* leava thn track at 4|18
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after tha laat
"""'THOMAS H. WILUAM8 JR., Praildant
C1 1 A nr.Kfl V. PRICE. »«cy. and Mir.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
AMUSEMENTS.
f* ft I 1 1 BIB DIA M FRwicisciri
V U L.U IWi 0 1 A LEAOinB TUEATES
The Beautiful Pastoral Play,
WAYDOWN^AST
TO-MORROW NIGHT....
;... f ' , AND 2 WEEKS THEREAFTER.
\ - i V <//*• La Shelle
\* l^- A Frkderick R. Ham tin
%¦ r \ Present .
\
V /U A THOMAS'
As \/ \ Peerh$S
Given V \\ Amer ' Can
300 \ nr^i,,.\\
Nights ,\*\ 1|-^ \ ~}
In \ V \ ©
New York\ [^ \ •>
200 \ \^^J, \
Nights ln\ \
Chicago. \ \
ONLY MATINBEsX \JL^ \
SATURDAYS. \ 1^_A
"Oeit play »«« n cn\ \ \
»m n '"- Wtw * Hrh \ \
t'urlnln rl^i HUB, Order CArrlAfii for lOUft.
*TIVOLI*
RVHNINQ8 AT A PHARP! ,
MATINBH BATUHDAV AT 8 SHARP!
"TlioGronloslWlniiorofAII!' 1
Thi K-WMiw iili ef tht
BO3TONIAN3
n tj h 8 b
Serenade
Wrlttrti by BMITII »nti HEUBBItT.
PAUL BTBtNDOnFf, Musical Dlr«otor.
Stan* UIr«ctor, KIMtlUM HARTMAN.
••THE FUNNY SIDE OF THAT' 1
••HIE ANGELUS,"
1 1 "5 NCING LESS9N,"
U t% A ¦* "WOMAN, WOMAN,"
IBUUI "I AM A JOLLY POSTILION,"
'•FAIR ANDALUSIA"
And Other Gems*
SUXG BY A PERFECT CAST.
Popular Prices — 25, 50 and 75 Cents
Telephone Ouih 0.
UNION COURSING PARK
{NO. 0BA0I, Jttdg. i JA8. r. QIUOE, Bllpp.r.
TO-DAY, 6UNDAY - - - - 2nd
HIGH CLASS
COURSING EVENTS
OPEN AND
SPECIAL STAKES.
104— NOMINATIONS— 104
——TUAIN PIMIVICH -
Leavet Third and Tnwmtnd atreeti 10:15 a,
m.) 11 a. in., 13 m. and 1 p. in,; Twtnty>flfth
•nd Valencia atrt«li flva mlnutea Liter. l(n-
turnlmr ut I: in p, m. and after th« laat enuraa.
Ban Milton Klcptrlo Cara «v«ry flva mlnutaa.
ADMISSION 8Ad, I.AI.ti:H KHKK.
J^APT MATIHRW ANP NfQHT Pf
A MIDNIGHT BELL,
W*tlf BeflRRlni TO -mom tto\V (M@NDAT)
rJVUNINM,
OBORQiB OI3I1R
©n# ojf Am6r!PA'»< PoF'mflsV'eefnadUBi,
"A CONTENTED WOMAN."
HM'lff.AU PRieBBiiiuKtet ille, fifid, ft-M, Tp. (
t , flftnii OFPhgitfa Hfftta All MatlHega Bftg,
ORAND OPERA-HOUSE— SPECIAL.
Kltll'A V AI-l'KHmiMM, Mflh-li f, Silll k|i<i M i.
LAST SYMPHONY CONCHRt
(Hspofci BerlBa), \ ,
; tinder ti.n Au*filv<«* ><r til*
iAN ritANCIBCO itMI'llOMV HOCIBTT,
PAUL STEINDORFF,
DIRTEOTOR,
Magnlfleent Orehestra, O1ULIO MlNWrrt,
(jefiesrtfflilitar!
rtf^rvpil M»ntK, II 60, II, 78« and BOe. On
aale at fherman, Clay 4a Co.* a Tuwday Morn'
ing at O oVtor-k.
CHUTES_and ZOO
GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL
AN ALLrORPHEUM SHOW.
Aquatic Sports on the Lake.
COMMBNCINO TO-MORROW.
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL!
Telephone for Scats— Park 21
NWADVERTISEMENTT8,
WHAT 0AUBBB DANDIUJPF,
Oieutest European Authorltj/ on Bktn
DiHanaeH fijflyi It's a Qerm,
Q1ie*oM IdPR that iiandniff \n m\vn
of fctf in .' thrown off through u /».>-=
arlsh condltlen of the spbIji m pKiilodeii.
i<ri<r'tibtjitr Unns, HamluiFtf, O^rmnny,
j9uFopp«n suthoFlty en Hhln dlfienHPs, HHys
jlfliiiiHiff Ih r fffm (ilspaBp, The germ
jiiffown imd#j ' llif, fo«li». iliFowlnr in
yHuUiy of the hair hi the root. Th" only
(h Newiiie'd Ir**r|tft'l«1f*, "ii^ifity J
phubp, you removfl ths effeoti" Not flhlv
euriU'dHiiflHUf, but ot»iiM fHiiinf Mil
J PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On on* Bids of Him? mnBiitnofint
hotflu In the wholMHla nnil iiinnii.
ficturerr dlitrlot-un th« other re*
imII utorei, jlubii rmiroad Rnd
ii#w»p»jier effle«», tmnltn and thwt-
; tfm. Blreet cam to all parti ef th*
1 tlty-flfuom, ferrlti and ttarkii-
pun* the entrnnc*.
American and European planBi
AMUOEMgNTS.
MATINBH TO-DAT—10d, 15e. 250
TO'NiaiiT— Lflit Time— The Great Farce,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
PH1CES— EJvenlnf. lOo to 6Ooj Matinee, 10c,
lr>o and Zoo.
TO-MOnilOW KVBNINO-Tho Bucceiiful
, Melodrama,
The Last Stroke.
Full of Exciting Incident! and Novel Eftoeti.
ADVCnTIBSMgNTS.
WHY
PAY RENT
OR INTEREST
When tho
PACIFIC HOME
Co-Operative Company.
Will fumith you the money lu buy n
"home or pay off your morlKHge nmi
Rive you 16 yearn and H month)* to par
back at the rate of $51.50 per month
P 000, without intercut.
DEPODITORYi
Crockcr-Woolworth National
Dank, San FranclsoOt
Offlecsi CALLAQIIAN BUILDING
11313 market Hir.et
Room 400 Sen l : rnncl»co, Col.
'Phorit 6outh, 883
ARniVTB WANTED
Baclway's
R Pills
Purely veritable, mild and rdlabU. Cautei
utrffct dh:« Minn, complete absorption anJ
neHlthful irjiulnilty.
For the cure of all liiordtr* of tht Stomach,
Liver, Itowcln Kldn'ya, nudd. r. F«mal» Ir-
Iftujli! l( !>¦(¦. Kick Jl'i«.1«rll»-, |!I1IOU«HC»», COII-
ntipattr/n. I'llrp and nil drrancnicnta ef th»
Iiiii-i'iiitl Viscera., Z&c a box. At Dru^titt*, or
t> ii.lH UAUWAY & Cg., .Nrw York.
¦ ,•._.__..¦..;.¦..';.'.¦¦¦ AJ3VEBTISEMENTS., ' ..">". V ¦ .'__
iBDBJiHaaBBBBaBBBpiBBaBHBHBBBEBEIBBBEHDHBBBBBIIBB
i'Fflst or NffeVpStip^ I
J BL-fJIOivV^' I \iy T VbLbVvJ I
I ¦ ¦ ' y ¦ :...'¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ '•¦ i
[Mow Keady. ;. i
AND Sill I nUUbb
| /Ae commencement of the season we shall of fer whole- $
j sale prices in all departments. I
1 t .' ..;' |
g' v Tasteful Pedestrian Suits in 'shades of tan, Oxford, blue, pretty eton j
a styles, with silk reveres, velvet collar and silk-lined,' the new flounce |
M skirt, richly tailor stitched; full value $20.00, *
a Fine black and navy Cheviot Tailor Suits, revere* and cuffs hand- \
J aomely velvet nnd satin trimmed, newest skirt with trimmings to match, I
D with deep accordion-pleated flounce of fancy silk moreen; a very stylish
I garment; full value for this suit i* $37.50,
t 9J27.SO.
j* Novelty Tailor Suits of extm quality venetinn, in hlnck, nnvv ftn<|
I tfuii n rifli novelty Ineket, skirt with triple flounce, higii-qiau (aijorinR
i tliroURhduti tiiffptn DilH (Iron sl>ir{, firs^class in every ijotftili cKclmivc
J ilylii full value for this iuit is $,^oo,
% Antique Moire Lour Gmii with large white satin reveresi blaefc
i velvet tFimmedi iieweii ilounee cut) extraordinarily good value al Ui^o,
I gilk SFepe D;e§s gkifti, with 'triple flounges, elegantly tailofed. very
g littiulpiinif'iJtill viiliif. ifijj.iio:
|i230-1232-1234 .'Market Street.
¦ HHHIiBBHIIIIHIiHnHHHHBlill^JlliaHHBHBHHBBRBBBBBBHHB
**Em|l Sauer Afternoon."
*. PIANOLA >
MU6. J II. BIRMINGHAM Contrnlto,
s ACCOMPANIED 1JV T1IH PIANOLA AT
METROPOLITAN HALL.
MATINEE /WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5, at a:,io.
|| "OIJ.I', "Wfi' n»f"H trr-Bf, w>t<i >f»m will he raw '^v«..l flpwtlH.
Ii In order to secure Rood seats' nil interested in this wonderful
tl little device should secure them early. Thei Pianola is used and
¦ indorsed by Snucr himself, who says! .'. »-5'
M "Th* Pi '1(1/ • % y « iitt mrft A/ ttiirt th.in ih*M<t'n ** rfitftilhit '••«•/« rf
B puniiti* ¦ fT < 1," ¦ *~ '
B All selections will be tnken from the favorite concert pieces ¦
R of Kmile Snuer, the Rrente«t living pianist. ¦ ||
ADVEBTISElgEK'TS. J j
Dry Goods -^^^gS Company, j
Spring Opening.
HOUSE DRAPERIES. j
We made it a point this season to get our Spring \
Lines ready earlier than usual, as we had the pick of the {
drapery market and control of some of the choicest \
> new patterns and designs in \
CURTAINS AND PORTIERES.
I; AMERICAN ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS, newest and most *'(<
Z attractive designs, !¦ JJ;
55.00 AND UPWARD A PAIR. J jj:
jj; IMPORTED CLUNY LACE CURTAINS, handsome line In the \\ :
I! popular bulge or natural linen color, at *'(<
]:: V' $4.00, $5.00 AND $6.00 A PAIR. |i|
||; REAL ARAB AND RUSSIA LACE CURTAINS, In beautiful de- !:':
<; slKns. in these most popular curtain laces, to sell at |J;
I $5.00 AND UPWARD A PAIR. /* |
): |
!; REPP PORTIERES -A new TAPESTRY PORTIERES, In |;i
!; line Just opened, with solid rich Oriental deslsrns, in full ;
! crrounds and rich tapestry bor- width and length— a grand :
i; ders.at value at 4 ;
$6.75 and upward a pair. $3.50 and $4,50 a pair. :
: MADE TO ORDER. :
SpocUl Hire Curtnlns of nil desorlptlona nt short notion m
RBASONADUU PRICU8.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
npmtr flmy »tii) HtooUon fHr»et», IJnUii Pgmri,
M^il or |i¥i>nj»» cird^m Ropoiv^ Irnmodlaia AUantlomTMM.SAK-.li'IiAKaiBUU CALL. SUNDAY, MAJLtUll ii, JlllUtf,
32
fAlt PHAWglhgO OAlifi:
B0tlN§8S fWWt?!! «f The ftan ffBnetM«
f „ | r^her «f MsihH e>rt Thild ftfeelsi 6peft
tihUl ii VcivM evMjr ti|»hj in die r«ff
pnkhC-ti orFJr^p^fcgf MohtioiRery ulreit,
rt»rrrr Ciert operi tttstll Bifltlj*. JtL
P'-O Me.ee elteett titieh lililll H:"« P. ««
fnn HeAllialer etreeti npen tinlll Pino p. m.
PIS I n t m i r* etteeti open tiMD H:Rn n, m.
i r»4 1 MiHon etfeMi npm tinlll jo i\ in.
BIO! Matkat street, corner fiuUeutui «\*n
tur'H I* ft tn.
JM Eleventh elfeets npen tinlll ¦ p. m.
J(«w Valencia *tre»ti np»n until B r< m.
NfiiinHi corner Twfnty-aer-ond and Ken-
«if vr fleet* open until tt r m, i
WOO Flllrnnre etr»et) npen »"UI » P. «",
cii yn .vii •iflity f <'»".'. ij .. jin . r
rinUT CongregBtlonal <?hureh, corner I'oH atifl
Meann ete.— Rev, Oeorge C. Adams, P.iJ.i
t*etor, will prew-h et both eervlcee, At 11
a. m., tople, -1 Will Uft Vp Mine Eyes";
reception ef rnembere, Infant baptism and
Holy comtrunlon. At tiSO p. in,, top If.
"The Clelms er »*r*»testanl Orthndoxy en tl.e
__Mftd»rn World/' Jkll are P"H'j^'rJ»TJ t l <i J_
•FlIlRD Corgtegsttfinal t'liurrh, Fifteenth et.,
near Mlr»lr.n-Rev. William Red^r, paetrtrj
ii s m.. epeclal eervlee. addresses by Mis,
faewell-nrosd ff New York and the pastor;
7.80 p. nt., aecond In eerlee on the prufe*-
elons. »uhjer|. "The Uoctor."
TARK Congreeatlonsl Church. 1«49 Hayes at..
. nesr central a vp —Professor R. It. Lloyd
will preach morning and evening; 11 « rn.
euhJert. "Living llt»hteously In livll Tlnies !
TiSO p m , "In a Ilomafi Tourtroom With
St rai'il," th* fifth nf a aeries uf sermons un
"Old IHwtrtnes In the Light nf Scriptural
Common Hense." Oond mu*li' by thB chnlr,
Punday'srhonl and I'rnfrssor Lloyd's Iilbl*
cImb at l3;Wi; chrlstlfln Bndeavor at «;J«.
A cordial welcome to all.
ItH.'jlMONP Cpnaregatlonal «"hurch. corner of
Seventh ave, and Clement at,— Panlur, Rev,
I'hlllp Coembe; residence, U41B Jarksnn et.!
te)epfien«, Jackson l»4li eermon Ihemee, 11
». ra, L "The Wbv tn Which the Church Hbb
Wtm Oreet Vletorlee"! Ti4S i», m., "Can
Rvery One Win Uorid flupceesT" HundBy.
echoel, fliiS a. m.i Christian Endeavor *«¦
rlety, r, «a p, m, ieati free. A iiai wrl*
feme fer *y*ry en*. _
riRIT United f»resbylerlan Church, corner
(kilden u.ie *vr BI..1 polk et.— Preaching to.
4ar at 11 a. m, and 1 i< m,, tiy th* r>ae>
tw. It, II, Hell, D.D.i morning theme,
"f be*e Three Y«ars" (third anniversary mn
mon)| evening then#, "The lnfldel'e Photn, '
Itabbath-arhnnl al **ttA a in.. Christian i:n-
rtesvnr eoclMres at t>\t\tt and n ¦'•" V m
Strangers corflisily invited to all eervlcr*
••wi fr»*. CMirteou* ushera. Coma and
wing your frl*nfls.
nitWT Tresbyterian Churfh, enrner of Van
Ness ave. *nn Parramentn *t.~-Hervlres at II
a. in, and TiftO p, m,i nabhsth-srhool at I2i30
P in ; Christian rnneavm- at G:1n it. m, Hev.
William Kirk Outhri* will wrrach both morn-
ing and evrnliig. Allcordlally WBlcom*.^
CALVAnT^Preshyirrlan Church, corner Call,
fomla and Ortavla sta— Hev. John Hemp-
hill, P.D.. paetor: llev. a*n, Q. Kldr*dg*. as-
eoclate pastor. Mr, J. Willie Itaer, general
secretary ft the Young People's "oclety nf
rhrletlen KniJeavor, will rrearh at 11 a. m.
Mr, i:irtir<i«e «ui prearh at 7 :.".<i p. m,, topic,
"The Christian's Wnd." Morning iiabbath-
aehMl at »:«S. Afternoon Babbath-sihtml,
Jti&O. Y. P, 6, V, IS., 0:30, All are cor-
rtlsily InvlteiS, J
CENTRAL fTiurch, Mission et., between Hl*th
•nd eleventh— Paatore, Arthur II. ttnags ami
Harbrrt r' Drlgrs; 11 a. in,, sermnn; Ii!**
ri. tn.. flundsy-srhool, Holla V, Wail. sup*~
ntendeni; nilfi p. nt., societies nf nirlsllan
jBnfleavori TsftO p. rn.. fnnrert. Progiamme— .
Oraan *nluntary, "Andanie" tWIdor); an-
Ihem, "Pratae Ye Ihs Father" tdoutiuiljl or»
rhestral •• 1* > 1 1, >•». under Mr. ('has. I Aunt
ftabeon; lepor eoln. '"fh* Palme" ifmnn,
Mr. ii P, Jones; v|n||n so|n. "AndantB Ma.
llgoso" trhnmrl, Ohss. f?, Itnlfsnni a. p. m ,
flrsl i-f a aeries nf r-inniBj ftvrnlnin sermons
nn "TM gtary fit ttie |Jlbls"i fop(p, "What
fa the |lll>M' r Itnsnr.e Warren iwy, organs
in anil rhnlrmaateF, Tha erste are free «i..i
Ihe |.«>t|ile er# welpnme,
tTMV^wlMTn^arM'bWPh, "ftrner Ifayes *n4
Wufhapan na —Hev, Jehn P(«|>iiefis, l|ie p<*m
tnr, win i .«¦». i. at II i, tn, •><"' i ¦•"• t<. m
ppfeptal rnu»lr«| #BFVl«e In the 1 evening, in«
ffudlhg eftl*'*, fltieHets and ffftftl
Mr.,.irirB"i.i., f»»»nley tlufit and Maftiri*', The
peetor will «}*«» "ftl4 «^hri*t P>ffufm
iflfagleBt'' Mala free. All trtvHe4.
imiTAftJAtTT'hufrti iflfM>, «h"iiihw"eeT T f§rner
tt Oeary ahfl r'taftkilfl ele,=^neV. Ur'a4f»f4
lieavltt, tnlhlMefj Hev, bf; BtehWha, inltilc-
ler etnerltuei JiieHes A; Murflfrk, eupeHtt'
leftflpnl M Punflir errionl. The Putidav
erhnr,i ib at In oTinf-h, The mnrnina; servir*
Is at 11 tjrtnrk. llev. firadfoni tiesvltt Will
rrearhi eubjecl. "Losing to Pave," MufIc
l« qusrlet am! rWus, tt; HretheMrk or-
gsnlM anfl fllrettor. Communion servim afler
i*mlfif service, 1111.1* cIbrs under the lead-
ership of Professor n«''M at 10 a. m. All
are rnrdlally Invited. There la no evening
— rvlo.
UNITATUAN Church <S*cood), cor. Capp anfi
Twentieth *ts — H*v, E. V. Dlnsmore, minis*
ter! William Wrrtsch Jr., musical dlrectir.
Runday erhool et 9:40 o'cior-k, Morning
theme. "The Bruised Heel." The tnuelc will
Include an instrumental quartet. ¦ snpran^
•olo tiy Mies J. Nlrkerwon and a barytone
•olo by Th"tnsj Jacques. Evening thetne,
"Unleavened Uread," bring the flrst of a.
Mrlfs of novel themes. The music will con-
sist "f an organ prelude, a snlo, "O Hear
My Prayer," and a duet by violin and 'cello.
TRINITY Church, corner of Bush and Qnush
•ts.— Holy communion. 7:<tO a. m. Bunday
•chool. 0:^0 a. m. Morning service, it
o'clock and holy «"f>mmunlon. Sermon by
rector: subject. "The Church Catholic."
Aftr-rnoon eervlca at 4 o'clock, eermon by
itv asklstant. People's one hour eetvlce at
ft p. tn. Music by Ihe full choir. All seats
free. Pubjert of rector's sermon, "Faith end
Works." You are Invited. Frederick W.
Clampett. rer-tnr.
EMMANUEL Daptftt Church, nartlett st.. near
Twenty-second— Bacred concert and organ re-
ntal. 7:30 p. m. Organ— 1, "March* Bo«
lennell" (Oounod): 2. "elections from Schar-
wrnka: S. "Berceuse" (fplnney); 4. grand
chorus HhiWm: soprano solo. "Consider the
lilies" (Olever), Mies M. filooomh*; con-
tralto solo, "Corne. Jesus, Redeemer" (Rart-
lett). Mlrs M. Oordon; bass solo, "Thy King"
*nodney), barytone eolo, "Heaven and
Homeland" (fiankey), nev. J. George Olbson.
EMMANUEL, church of Ood. Tim. 111:16, for
the people. A non-rectarlan evangelical ser-
vle* with an address by the Rev. P. Brltt
Morgan In Scottish (lower) Hall. 117 Larkln
at., near Hayes, at 3 p. m. Seats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
Mock. 223 Butter St.. between Kearoy and
Orant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
e. m. : subject of lesson-sermon. "Man." I
Flunday echool for children at the name hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at ! 8 o'clock.
Free reading-rooms. 208 Kearny St., rooms
r/)9-filO. All are welcome.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Dlecourse at 11 a. m.; sub-
ject, "The Working of the Word." Services
«very Sunday at Home College. .T360 Seven-
teenth et., between Mission and Valencia.
Sunday school at 10 a. m.
BENJAMIN* FAY MILLS will lecture at
Golden Gate Hall this evening at 7 :*5 o'clock
on "Unltarlanlsm. Old and New." Mr. D.
Hutches will render violin solo. Opportunity
¦will be riven to Join the newly organized
Unity Club, ¦which will have charre of the
Benjamin ¦ Fay Mills lectureship after April
1. Doors open at 7:15. Admission free.
DON'T forget the new location— "The Four
Openiruts." a gospel address by Mr. 1 Alfred
Maoe. Sunday evening-. March 2. 1002. at As-
sembly Hall. 15 Polk st. Come and bring
your friends. Seats free.
FRIENDS' Church. 028 Harrison St.— Brother
Franklin and wife (mlssionaiin) will speak
of their work In India Tuesdsy. March 4,
10 a. nv. 2 and 7:30 p. m. A1J welcome.
THE Theosophlcal Society — HuMIe lerOire to-
nlarbt In Odd Fellows' building- at ft o'clock
by Mra. Mary I! arty; euhjert. "Man and
Borne of His Bodies," Lecture Illustrated by
stereoptlcon views. Inquirers' class Sunday.
11 a m. Children's group, the "Qolden
Chain." fiunday, 11:SO a. m. Public meet-
iBga WedneadBy and Thursday at 2:30 p. m..
also Tuesday evenlnr. a o'clock. Lending
library "P*n dally from 1 to 4 p. m.
THE TheoBophlral floclety— Free popular lee^
lures every Hunday at B p. m.. Flood build-
Ing. m«i Market »l. To-nli-ht third lecture,
VeVlanta courae, "The Mind of Man." by
ffwaml Abhayanauda. Hint* class ftundays,
1: *• JP- I»aul>*re' m**tlng. conducted by
Ml** Marl* A. Walsh. Thursdays. 5:80 p. m.
. rr** re«din*;.r«0Ri and lending library open
flatly. 1 to 4 p. m.. and Saturday evenings.
MEBT!XGg-.i;nlvgra«J Brotherhood.
•.'NIVrrtRAL nr«therh«o<l and Theoenphtcal
foclety (nnn-rclltical and une»ctarian)—
Wp No. 7 win hnid Its rnontbly tneetltig
to-night at 8lo O'Farrell *t., K «, m.; ad.
<1re*ws on living questions from the Then-
enrhiral etandpninti musical eeleetlons; all
itivitra.
WElSTIWOg-^lUXDAY.
A A— VU. 3. DEPEWj KERO AN Ircturea thU
evening at Crjstal Hall. Pythian Castle. tt(iS
Market «. Subject (by request). "Dreams,*
followed by magnificent eerlea of views of
"Beautiful Thing*." Heats free; no collec-
tlon. nemember the Question Box.
TESTS— 009 Market Bt. rear hall; 11, free. 2 8
10c; Swan. Wrenn. Maxwell. Martin, Brown'
others.
A— Prof. Oee. perm, located 108 6th; remember
circle every night; 10c; readings 50c and fl.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists. 305 Larkln at..
¦ March 2. 7:30 p. tri.— Mm. R. S. mile; free.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD'fl convincing test circles.
10c. Sunday. Tuesday; read, dally. 278 9th.
A— TESTS, front hall. 900 Market st.~U.~f ree. ;
2-8. 10c; reg. mediums; dance March 11. 10c.
HniieATIOfiiAIi— 6en(lnu0di
gNQiNMHHfNO^eivll, §1*6., mlHlnif.mwh: sur»
A,CtipUNTfNrJ=W6*l thbteilah eotifse on eonnti
lipfllnlieifi nii.l dOlieiv BrfliiiiHtP" perfected.
TArtn, e*r>eft jtedountatit, |tB__P*|rotl_ nl_ati
13 A U I FO n N tA~riUs|nesii C?Bllea#"i'nt'wt thorough
modern methodsj iioBlllons for al] gradiiatesi
, hew ntN|ifla.B cittafoguB fr*a, (ion Larklrtst.
¦Mittnoi< Triis'teeB^H>ne|"ent" |eaPh»rB Buppiied.'
.Mrs, At, K, Bnilth, Wom«n f a Inc. 4 VernBn.
BXPHRT tesehrr fnr ehiidrer) on plane and
MAnV PrWRBTlfXuil, pUno, mando*lln, guitar
lessone^fjOt'i plnno for practice. Ot* Fifth st.
itBNT Law He'hool, daTlndliifhtToB* Parrott
Iniilillna I I'Jiiii'eriumii send Fer catalogue.
MART l». WHBTHAUfl, piano, mandolin, guitar
..JyiSII 8 .'. °P c ,f. r>l ! l . l ? l 8 l?r t" lw i f tlc> ' flft Fifth st.
AlUTllMKTti, 1 , bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
ete. i day 6r eve, i $fl nw, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
rtlt<»MTilANl» taught liy ttmll or personally.
MIHH M, O, HAmtRTT, M2 Montgotnery_st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MtCltKI, good
teacher. Km* Mljwlnni Inntrumtnts selected.
Chlrnso Ituslness College. 14.1B Market, nr. 10th i
__PI Una n shQMhn nd, typing, bnokkeep. ; $<l mo.
l7. Lt JBT 1 1 A T 1 f) rT-Tp/k R T 1 N OTO \' 8* DAT "and
HiLtmTRATlON-^nlKht class, 424 Pine st.
IIKALO'N riiislneis College, 2l~Post at,, B. F.|
I fnun.ieii tB-MJii new >»n-rm>» entalome free.
_JM ( 1II»I,O VMIIJNT OI^ICHH.
A~.iAI'ANK'rll3 rellabla hnuse-i'leaiilng, tsnoka
and wnltars furnished nt nhort notice, Oco,
KlnoshltH, t3.'UI Page, cor- Ly"n) fl. Fall ¦flrtt.
UIUNBHH snd A*\mnt*n l5inplnynient~0fflcf—
mJ^l ] !* ] h "11 H O'Far-ell st.i tel, Betat 43fl.
WHINI5HI3""«nd Japanese helnj eatab, 20 years.
Tel, Main 1007. flMADLBr ft CO,, <U0 Clay.
iliftnd ,liirinne»e.i'h[nese iStn^.o^fti'*, ilJTstwU^
toil I tel, Orant HW; expart, rBlla'tile.helg.
JAnANTsBlTBnd Hhlnrie best help; t'ouk and
t'ost.' (1KO, AfJKlj tel. Hush 13a.
.lAPANMNII, heit damestle, farming and hoim. -
e\tot ning,_ftgi> Htevenaani phone Howard gSM>.
itKfilAlil,!!} .iBtiAnose'Chlneae tCmployment * »r-
Jjj^ 1 * li" 1^ 1 _gi» qtg^'owi * ttt>ll .. ftt^?',
.tAPANKHR fntelilgetice offlce^T'tirnlnh mo»t
r "-!j. a i'!,*^ h* 1 !' 1 ' M\ liuult e>t. t tel "!"•
OttPllMltM Rni|iinymentT)7n>e»-7apiineai>, ChT
Hr>ft help, 4?rt Powell, tir,Wutter:tel,I1Uck Mlf'i.
UNI'LOYAIUNT WAWTBD«»ffBMALKi
I'MitHT-i'l.AHN Nwedlsh waltresa wants posi.
lion In hutel nr flrst-clnsa restaurant! sleep
Bthorrm, Address 1M.1 First at.
UKFINICd" youhaTlady" woijid'Tike pnaltlnn i "aa
hniiselteeperi no trlflera need apply, llox
w i!'i i _l' n 'l_ ofncw :_
OI1HMAN womsu with n child wlahea position
to do cooking or housBwork, Call or write
— !!Li!Ll l ' T - i _ 7 JI? l^'iS", 1 Bt j
COMPnTINT youna woman dealr»a position
cooklrift or general housework. Apply IO.'IO
__Mfljkrt M,, Si HH, HAY, '
WOMAN, middle-aged, desires place tn asalkt
In hoiisawnrk; sleep home, nox 4000, Call,
WOMAN wishes position to do chamber wnrk
or hntisekeeiier where there are no children;
«tmintry preferred, fliM Howard st,
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
oiMKli'.il or confinement cases; reasonable;
reference given, Call or addre«a Ladles'
Nuiae,_J[27_Pevenlh at, '¦ ¦ .:
WOMAN wishes siine'iion washing and ironing
by ilay, iniu i>nti'<ii bvb, , near l''">i et.
WtHATION ~mn\B<C'by n «w*dli i" «|r| io ilo
Hhh.iMil h.iiiB. wnrK In" small fain Ivi flat pre*
fBriuij, Aliply at |iastf)r'B raalrenna of lha
HwmUIi M. M. «'hurpji, lOflO Minna at,, pb«,
KiBvanth wnj_Twe|fth eta.
A WOMAN waitiB*w«Fh~liiMnV week. Please
Pfl|| r f a t1(1l*»B T4t| } [ rm» f f1_sj j, wm_ &
WANT fi U^f^m^''w^ l hin~orkmf\ tlm 1 1 y
and Hiin'rtiitiii, |im?|ii<iii am pecretHry, nnm=
ii-iiiiriti mi frHvefne-fm, A4dree.a ties aia, ti*i\>*
llsfliflffl, cal, _ __
kxi»HHlf5NCBB Infant'a nursV~dMlrea alTtia*
dnti, i'uy nr efluntry. P\eatu> imtttt Numb,
hT^iTflTmt*171iimmii»l\vp empTtiyment ae"
elieii hf Miiiifi ytitihf tarty i enefths u>rinnn
fliiniily Mfid Ife e*p*rt neerlle w.ininiii na iin-
ntrstlc wnrli. 'fet, PagB 24IU, or alitresa
hriK flhM, (.'all nf flge. __^
CoT^rtW^NT'limiTtiresBl will dn chnTnr^rwitirl}
M whatever rniulrnij hotel of family, atl
BteVensnn st, . ¦
PKli.l.lin Indy BlcrinBrapher mil typewrltlat
iin.v open fdr engagement I will accept mod'
erntit salary If allowed outsldo work. Uox
.'IBS7, Call office. , ,
HlTUATioN"wan(ed by an elderly woman to
do general hmtsffworkt small American fam-
ily. Call 1405 Oolden_Oate ave :
BBAMH'rTllcflH"woui<I~ill«e afew' mor«"en*B"f •"!
tnents by the day. MISS It. ORAUFFEL.
40 J^ranklln Bt.
i'OBITioN ns housekeeper by a reliable middle*
sged woman. Apply 2IR0 Mission st.
WINCH K3TRII House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 20« to $1 DO per night; $1 50
to $0 weak: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and, from ferry. '
CLA3K1FIKt> advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmpre.
A nRANCII office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at loot
Valencia at. '
BMri.OYM18!<T_ WA5TKD~MA*n.
F1RBT-CLAS8 traveling salesman, with lonk*
experience In groceries, spices, whisky, cigars
and hardware, Is open for engagement, A<1-
dress box 401).t, Call office. .
81TITATION wnnted by engineer; licensed;
competent In running and keeping In repair
any steam plant; best Of. reference. Apply
4.14 Second at.
SITUATION wanted 'by young colored man to
wait In private family aa butler. W. W..
174 Jessie at. .
MARINE nnrt stationary engineer wantB posi-
tion; flrst-cmss references. Box 4008, Call.
WANTI3D— By young man, a position to run
elevator or Inside work. . Address box 3893,
Call office. V
MIDDL.I2-AOED man (German), baa experience
about woodwork, would like to work with
carpenter or any place where a handy all
around man Is needed; city or country; gut
tools. Dox 3799, Call office.
YOUNQ man wants a position aa bartender: 3
years' experience; Oerraan. EDDIE TONIS-
SON. 737 Mission St. •
MAN wants employment who is handy and
understand* horses and- raising of poultry,
etc. Box 377.1, Call office.
Y«>UN<} man wishes a position as valet or care
of invalid; references. Box 3771, Call office.
¦\VELL-FJDUCATED gentleman of world's
-traveling experience, holding- responsible po-
sition In wholesale house, wishes to go
- abroad with reflned family as courier, com-
panlon or teacher. Address box 4082. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants light work of any
kind; city or country: willing to work for
small wages: 20 yeara In last place. Box
4007. Call- office.
YOUNQ hotel man wishes position as clerk,
bus driver, porter, etc.; steady position more
than large wages; country.'. Box 3656. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a practical mechani-
cal engineer; expert In burning oil; can put
In all fittings. Addresa A. L... 11 Eddy St.
YOUNQ man, German, wants work of any
kind; home more object than watres; wish
to attend nteht school, Box 8878, Call,
COACHMAN and gardener: English; thorough,
practical; references; at liberty March a.
Dox S07I. Call of nee.
JAPANESE laundryman wants place to Ao
washing In family In this city. T, TOKA-
YAPA,' 122ft ne,v|B8deroi phone Jackson U30.
JAPANBBF5 boy wanta position working t or 9
hours tn th<» morning. T. T., 2401 California
St.; tel. Oeary 7f>«. ¦ - - - - t- ,
JAJ'ANEfiH schoolboy wants a situation In
pood private famllv; can eeeks very good
Engllih. Addresa 22 ll " n ** r t ' 1 "* 1
CLArJrllFlRt) advertisements ami subscription*
received at Otll branch ofnc«, 2Soo FUlmore.
A HRANCtt office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established n« 1000
Valencia at.
I A L.
C0MPANIR8 Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and financed; stock taken in payment
for services: good propositions wanted t troM
;.b&nde furnlshecl, TACtFIC 8TATE8 MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO., U. 8. licensed
_stock brokerB. 320 Post at. -^
PACIFIC Underwriting A, Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
.have 42 offlces lit operation; , new method of
placing stocka and Donds; companies incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
; or address main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
CAPITA L wanted In sums $10.0Q0 to $100,000;
New York Trust Co.'a references; principals
only. Addrees PrlnclDa.1, for Interview, box
¦ 8770. Call. ¦-¦'¦¦
FUTS TO,I,ET — FBR5ISHKD.
.TO let — Furnished flat of 6 ' rooms and bath.
I 2^08^4 Harrison at. . opposite park. .
" ' . . FLATS WANTED. .
WANTED — Small furnished flat; reasonable;
I -,' references exchanged; , Box 3704, Call office.
A^Mt7M^«TrTiMfi«¥n«i *-=WflW |Ai?lR#
mm «*«»»™ L^'A^'/e?! Kiiim
fil*»n *v# : j Mi?All!st#i'i O«afy IRil BUltif
stteet tafi trt the ddnft _,
A-660 f6""il«"VrH»rlel» it;. «««• *««*£• *}'
njo » ro«ht H8W houses and flutai low rent.
BLMVve , s7fTtsr~nefl«* Vati NeaB-$il6| 4 sun*
«y footila and <lt J^jJg' la JL*' tt "''
iRPflfn, 19.12 Off Hermann, near Junction ot
Valenela— $«i sunny flat » room *j ,
HA'NPBoitBLf furnl«heil modam flv»-room
MJL'Ji-f-'. 1 *^'!! 1 ''— — -¦-'¦-'
PARLOIl floor "with" farpets 8 larga. r oonisi
Bunny aid*; refarencfta^e^angedj
uFTWil flat of T rooms fcnoV *fth« mrdern,
OOlTievlsadero et., near McAllister,
BUNNY upper flat » ro^ml; newly papered. |0.
tir.n Jessie St.. above Beventh.
FflBAT ave,, 1100— Flat" 4 rooms, bath, wash.
room, yard.
IIS—NICK sunny flat. 88 Cedar ave., bet.
Lark In and Polk sts, _«_
|1»~FLAT of 5 rooms and .bath. Ml Mayea
st., near Laguna; no small children.
WmNITUIlEl F^J^B.^
AT^^TIieV^a^petB^and part /""I* 11 "; •'
flat of fl rooms and hath on rillmore, rear
nushj convenient for renting rooms! rent
$30. Mo« aUHfl. Call Offlc*;
4* ROOM* furnished In oak, •***". w' 1 *?"''
range. Klng^ Kurnltuf O"-> * l a7 _'Ji:LLi l l!L r Ji^h
BIX roomaTfurniBhedi all ' r«ntedTm»rner flutj
Blco two blcyolea eh«ap. a Jj^g*-*I ' -
FimNlTuhB seven roome for sale; modern,
aunny flat for rant. 89T PolH at.
FOR aale— Furniture of S roomaj flat ror rent;
$13. Iflttn Howard at.
ruriwiTuna wantfo. ¦ '
AT^oTLPBRTl = *f7TMIsslon st,, pays hlgh«et
prlge for e*»ennd»hand furniture; tel. Red 1.184.
: (ILO VIS*.
BTsTF. 1ILAGK slTedTglove; beat In the world;
wsrranud; kept In repair, lilt ttrant ave.
»M^»' ijii )y^^M |^ i< '_ i j^. | 'y.'..,.,-- r
AT D, ft, HANKKN A Co.'i, .Phone Orant UA
......... MOTHL DF.t'AHTMKNT .........
¦J waitresses, nrst>clasa hotel, country. .. .i 23
1 waltrcsa. Al-lsuna, fr«» fare ........... 23
Waitress, plain hotel, country .......... SO
U'altre.sB, south, farejiald ..,,., ?-"
Witltresa, Coronadn neach. fare pnld — V»"
Waitress, mining town, far* advanced. .. $20
Chambsrmald, to wait, aummar resort;
ae« party here $2"
9 chambermaids, city' fl"
80 waitresses, city ., $S!0 »2»
FAMILY DKPARTMFNT
Hecond girl, Kan Rafael, nlct plae«......|23
Cook, city iio
Woman with a, child (3 yeara old), coun-
1 try fin
Housekeeper, SI men, fthasta Co., fare pald.$in
in hbuaeglrla (2 and a In family) •-!" »¦-."¦
Infant's nurse > • I-"
Others; best of > wagea
Hu. tt iJi A il5B i lL.* C0 m . (i *" Y ut :
WANTKO— A larga number of gtrla aa cooks,
sei-onil girls, waitresses, nurses ami general
housnwork; nice pin <•••¦; too many to adver-
tise; rnll Monday; early, J, F, CRO8F.TT *
CO.. »,14 Hulter st,
FROM this dale nn and until further not|ee wa
will Instruct Inatparlancad hsnda tha trade
Of making ovaralla frea of rhitrirai will b«
paid wlill- Ifunili.h-. I.KVI MTHAHrlrt A.
VO,, H'J',4 r>emt)Ht st, Apply to MH, PAVI^,
A~I<APY who ean reanh , p«npl« with money
I.. Invest In a company Awning a rnmint4tn
Pf lAwgraft*. gnld.Martng etai M u t .«, t..t t«
ilia ffeadwell mln« «f AI»«W»i dlvld-Bda will
run a lifetime, beginning 'i mnnih> After mill
starts If you wlah t» rsprSMfll "»¦¦ InvBst In
ft paying |iffipap|l|nn, gMll at fit art'lfea* FHHffl
413, Parrett build (ny^ w»n yrangts^g, Cal,
{^RfKrM^inmsk'e~bTg~w»a : eii annTwant all t «
have the same Mf.portiinli.yj th" wnrk la very
tilMsant and will eaeliy p*t ftA waektyi thin
U na ii^r-iitintij I want tin tii"M"v and will
* Btily H"W\ iiMfl|.i|Ur« id a|| nninllMa sMtni .
MHfl. H, A^VviliCitNj. tientnH Hwrbrif, Mich,
LTtdRrt— If f#u want genuine hnm* wnrk, tu
ea«va«slna\ w« will give you a yearly con*
tr«i»?t t« drt ropylna! for ua in your own home
and t»«y you from $-1 to $lfl weekly) copy
and paper furnished free, (nil n to 12, nt
MnViOd fof samples. NoviiLTY COM*
PANY, fllH Bddy st.
WANTE3l>^-dlrl to operate typewriter! neH
nave no knowledge nf shorthand; must he a
graduate of hls/h school) must have had ex-
perience: pOBltlon tn be fliie.i, bill clerk In
grocery stnrei wages to begin $0; hour* 8 to
fli references requtrfd. Hog 877fl, Call.
WANTED— A competent saleswoman for mil.
Unery department; liberal salary to right
fiarty: also an apprentice; paid while learn.
ng. ROBERT WALLACE. 210 Orant ave.
WANTED— Woman of tact and business abil-
ity to solicit ordera for wholesale houie; ex*
cellent opp. for live person. Dox 3703, Call.
ApFrBNTICKB to learn tailoring: paid whlln
learning. OELA8CO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
AN apprentice tn learn v-«t making; one who
can sew. 712 Taylor at. ' -
WANTED— Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
twenn S and tt a. m., HALE PROS.
WANTED— Flrst-daea dinner waitress at 804
Mason at.; wages $.T BO a week.
ENKROETIC ambitious woman for a;ood busi-
ness opening. Box 8701, Call.
WANTED— Flrst-cl.iM waist hands; also sleeve
makers; none others need apply. 121 Post
St.. room 3.
RELIABLES woman for housework and cook-
ing In dresamaker'a home; reference. 200
Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS operators; also finishers on
vests. 230H_ Ninth st
FIR8T-CLAS8 trimmer and maker: also an
apprentice. PI NAN, 24 Kearny at.
APPRENTICES, wanted. Palace Milliner v.
1038 Market at.
FINISHERS and tuckers on ladles' shirt
waists. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansoma st.
EXPERIENCED operator* can nnd stca.ly
work at highest par; also have a few ma-
chines empty for rirls about 10 years of age
tot learn. Standard Shirt Factory, corner
Gough and Grove sta. •
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladles"
walsta and underwear; steady work; good
pay; electric power. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market at. >
TAILORESS wanted; flrat-cjasa on fine coats;
good operator; best pay; steady work. 410
Kearny at., room 20.
EXPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
ladles' silk waists; vood pay; steady work.
San Francisco Mfg. Co., 623 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists; good pay: steady work. San Fran-
cisco Mfg. Co.. S23 Market at. ¦¦"..'
INTELLIGENT people who need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1534, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Young woman to keep house for
father and son. Box 3800, Call.
WANTED— Operators on fronts. Apply THE
L. ELKU8 CO.. 29-81 Battery Bt.
APPRENTICE to learn millinery. Apply 114
Sixth at.
FIRST-CLABS ladles' hairdressers and ven-
tllators. ¦40 O«ary st.
NEAT gtrl for general housework In bakery;
wages $2(1 Oil H Uirkln st.
WANTED— lmmedl»l»ly 3 ambitious atria to
learn halrdreaalng from A to SS In % we«k*
and take, charge of private customera where
you can earn $00 per month; course |3, Col.
Uge. 833 deary st.. iw n "». l Jl l !L.. -
WANTKr>— Lady between 4.1 and BS; will give
i free treatment tnr wrinkles. The Harris In*
i stttute of Permatology, COM Butter st.. Row.
hay building.
WANTBt)— Experienced Irnnera and mangle
hand. OAKLAND LAUNDItT CO., OOO sutn
et., Oakland,
fltltl.rt from IB to IT for factory work. Apply
at once. AMEB h HARRIS, 10O 8aor*m«nto.
FlNt"HKR8 wantH en ett^tom ehtrtB. Annlv
BROKER » RjSlNBTBlNjWtt Market it. .
A OUtL for general housekeeping. inTl sTcott
str^. __^
otttt. f%r cooking and housework tor 9. Abely
1P32 Baker st.. mornings. v *
A OBRMAN weman as governess; state r««
llglon; salary $m Dot aftO4. Call ofn c> *
A BRANCH office for Call advertls«n,ints and
subscriptions has been established at lcito
Valercia st. '«•
HELP _ W _AX TBb— 31 ALtS. '
RELIABLE Cleveland Jobbln» ihouse desires
traveling salesman for general mercantile
trade In this territory; unlens "you possess
ability and energy do not'reply.
Bank. '• . '. .¦
WANTED — Two nrst-clasa sign writers; those
who can also do wall and bulletin work pre-
ferred Address, with references. THE CUR-
RAN CO.. , 1728 Lawrence st.. Denver. Colo.
WANTED — Basket-makers; a reed worker and
a g-ood framer. Adrtress STANDARD WOOD-
ENWARE CO.. 230-232-234 So. Loa Angiles
st. r Los Angeles City. Cal. • ¦
11 "li'^^^^^^fe^ll^^^S^S^^
A^MUHRAY A HttAf»f.. S :PNH» M*lft M4* .
..t.MdlHl* HllttiirtymPHI rt!1'» hflhMf Ajteftf*:,! J
>X}\fb* Open Tu-flay tBiiflrUjr* H »r» 1J *.¦ hi,.,
fihaliie-er trt ftiH lilinip. raH^h, $:\1 f.rl artl
I) mure mlnpra, new hiin«i. '.;¦••'• v '''',
4 miners, smttlt > ,,.,........ .%** and fdiut-i
§ single-Will miners "•<••"]'" "ii.V *il
nlarhMnlth for shni., «B« fare, ltd and
fnumh eurnp blrtcRsmllh, t^nr elly, |J Bp In
|i .layj l...ltni(tk«r. $1 no .Invi man tn h»H
sheep $tft ami found: :• pruimre, vlneyaM,
110 And found: 4 mllheva, sum* dalrr. north
Jan and found; In mlthera nth^r pl4cra. fan
nnd $.1fl! B rhoremen ana nnya,.,.
lint! woodchnpper-. eh|<f»P " l|lro ».j l '*','"» ,J"" W
camp gmid llmbnr. big wagta: M womlchop.
p.ra,«ftn la |a e«nl: ft lieniim-ra. t"" each.
cheap far*e '"VJH." '
Btenographer am! bookkeeper for lumh-f
company J^j.'H.'
Milk wagon driver. •«; seconrt cook mtn».
$» and found: b*k«r, InatlHtMon. $.10 an,|
found! aecond co^k-, $ia w*«k; T r-wka. dlffrr.
•n .lar"« $3!» to #tiO; Jl wtitti>ra
MtfAjuV'j ¦ jjBAJr.' m^S^J}: 1
;;;;;; to-ijav, ptiNn.vY
".......¦ TO-t»AY. HUNDAY
!,, For Chataworth t'ark
tils;. Tunnel •••ii-ii 1 "*.*"
fO'headeVe and drlLra W {J • J}jv
Work' in' California. . ....
Kre'e^faV" . ,' ." [ ' fihlp %£+ ' • • ' • "- Sf<
C. n , 1 1 A m EN » PO....^ Oeary st.
jTTlF^NTLKMAN who can Twirb people with *
rnoney to Invaal In. a company owning a,
m "ntaln «f low «rad». gnM-heurmg or-, an-
Prior tn lh« "Trend wall" mln- "7 A «.k a ;
rtlvMenrta will run a Uf«tlm«. bealnrilng !J
month* after mill atarta, If you wl.f. to r-n-
ih«...ii nr InvBBt In » paving pn'pfla Um call
nt or addrysa room 413. l'arroti building, Pan
FranclBfty^CjtU .
tVANTKr^-FntthfHl manager to t»k« charge of
pf itlBtrlbutlng deipoi and ofrtee t.» be op«m«>.t
Han frftnclscft, to further huninsen tntereata
ef old e»uf)ll»hed manufacturing ponrernj
salrtrv $lf>» Ji»r month and e»tr» prnBta; ap»
nil -ant muat furnish genrt refarencea an.l I hftva
Vl60t> Vash. Addrena Huperlntendeni. P.| O.
box 1431. t'hlla.lalphla. t%. ¦
ilALEIIMEN-'IW weekly and axp«na*a; sample
freo; greatest mriney. making Invention of a**!
niilotnatla washer, duea wnshlng In .in min-
ute without Inhnr or attention; rh»«p#r than
any other machine; Indnstruftthlai M«nte
"oinlna; tnnnev: writ, to-rtay for aarnpl- and
agency. Automatic Washer Co., Utatlon U,
Chlengo. ¦ M< ""
AR Wyou~a ware nf the big proflta that can b«»
m"d» "n jnwelryT Po you wlah in n.ak-
money sasyT If so come an-t aee ua nr aen.1
$1 by A.lf and w. wilt B-n-1 you poat pal.l
i sampl- outnt that will f-lurn ywi B. » per
cant proflt. N. V. Novelty Co., 00.1 Mkt., r. 1.
WANTFlv^ny machinery house, young man
for^m-a anil to l#arn t« sell: must have goorl
memory and mschanlcat taste; If «««'"' <••«»
soon ndvanca; atat* wages r"r|tttred ana «•*•
perlenc*. Uo» .»I7OH. <.'all office.
WANT Ktvlm eVd y"ma n with 1129 cash; no •»-
iierlenc* refjiilred; permanent place; will pay
On per month, ApplyJ_ot|t_Mirkat. room 10-
WANTrin--Meiii»bli» yming man with 1175
cash; »IB w«ek; steady place; no e»perl«nc«
r»i|iilr»d. nitOWN » CO., 1331 Markat al.
WANTKD— Young man" who hae ha«1 espertanc*
In rloaks and suits; state aga, avperlen^a an-l
salary eipecteii.^llo* .1777, L'»\\jttt\ct.
WANTKD— ATflrst'clasa genaral tailor nt «flat«
mat/er; "... i.. 17. Addresa J, HCIlIloDr.it.
bo» t, Llvsrmnra, Pal.
WANTKD -A lunrh nooli{ alao l«> h«lp bar-
tending. Apply after 3 f. m. a» If 'flM'f.
JMN, nnrthwuat rnfner Tlilrrt ami iwtry ate
HfiVHTo !'» H yaara nM to dlBtrlhiit* fllrmtlrtra,
ft.jnm 191, I3,1rt MarltBl at. _____^»~_
WANTPiti — Voting fii^B who la an « iiint^n. • I
, Aiimeatlfl aa|BBmfln,_Jlna «7Tw, t'atl wffle*.
Rf»V ~ih~niJi~T*if*~fi{ M" tnr tt Btfitaj with
iftoA ntwncw. BAftOW. 8a flMBT.*y*» .
AN Mperienee{l~#M7avlnT"hft*r»»~i^u¥llHr. (Wrt
r'lay at,
BOf wanted to help In hskery, 13ft" Tnlji at.
WANtKlWfio »teft M <*li* Mains? In t'jtm*
hfiAff M"M=". Ml tlnWftHi ¦ l> "itfoil hflllds.
AN ofrire tiny tnr a whnlesaN llrjitor etnfe: Ap-
ply in n*n handwriMna} boa a»no, r?alt nfflrn,
A~^ortNRT p\nyr\ efudy worhj elty. A«V
_ ares* bo* ana, e>tli offico.
tnuflTWOflTIJt perstn eaen county to m*fK
aga business ntd-efltabllsh«d house; bgnti-fl'l*
weekly i .i«h salary $14 paid enrh Wednesday
with all expenses from headquarter*; money
advanced fnr expense*. Manager, :!¦'»» Caxton
building, Chlcaao. ;
\^NTru»™6t7ady, light offlc* worhj win pay
|0r) to |7S r p f month: e*p»rl»nee not necea-
'' airy l_ w - t i?.L. > L t^ e * 130 ' 7Ba M " k<t Bt " '• a '
COOK, man or woman, to rook tn camp near
rlty ; If anber and Industrious can hs>va steady
•mployment. Apply 17 Davis at.
INTRLLIOENT people wh" need an Income, ad-
dress Proofreader, box 1831. Phlladalphla, Pa.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2011 FUlmor* st.
WANTED — I'nperhanglng In exchange to*
first-class dental work. 2tH O'Farrell st.
nOT for office In buslnesa house. Address,
stating aga and experience, box 3A93, Call.
DCKP aea, ship carpenter to work on Bhor* re-
palrtng boats. Apply at IT Davis at.
EXTRA pay now <tua tT. 8. Volunt««rn. Call
or writ* fihf.wnnd, pension atty.. C34. Markat.
AN old man to taka car* of few room*. Apply
8 Bacramento st.
WANTED— Itecru Its for the marina eorps. V.
¦ navy; able-bodied, unmarrtsd man of good
character, between th* agaa of 21 and 33: not
!?«• tban S fe«t 4 Inchaa and not over 41 f e«t X
inch; able to speak and read Kniiuh. For
farther Information apply at tha It-crultln*
Office, 40 Kills st.. Ban Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced domestlo salesman.
Apply between S and 11 a- m. at HALO
BROS.'
EXTRA pay and pension claims filed by O. B.
HOWE, attorney. 030 Market at.
HOT wanted. Apply at drur store, corner
Geary and OctavlA s.s.; wagea $3 60. i
$7B— TWO-CHAIR barber shop: rent paid to /"
17th of March. Addresa 7C6 San Jos« av«.
WANTED — A man who understands nursery
work and florist business. 800 Halght at.
LAUN'DRYMAN wanted aa first-class washer
and starcher; sober, reliable man will have
srood place: wages $40 and found. Apply
Stanford French Laundry. Palo Alto. Cal.
WANTED — An experienced salesman, muat b«
¦ a young min of pleasing appearance, good
addrt*s, for a, wholesale millinery house;
must come well recommended. Apply box
407(1. Call, stating salary expected.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in demand;
only requires 8 weeks; toola donated: cata-
lomi* frc*. MOLER'D BABBSK COLLEGE.
633 Clay st.
WANTEI>— Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 180 lajg»
rooma; 2Sc per night: $1 to $3 per weak.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: eight
waekk; tools donated; situation aruarantead;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. Cal.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
OOo up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. Btfr
TO UNO men to l«arn barber trade: catalogue
matted. B. T. Darber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty., B. A. Bullls. S. 40. Phelan
big, Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
BAILOna. ordinary, for ships for all part* of
the world. HF.RMAN'8, So Bfuart st.
ORT your mhoas half-soled white watting; 23«-.{
to BOe. Bftt Mission st.. bat. 1st and 2d St»a^
ALL atie mer.'a shoes, slightly damaged, h.tlf
price. HtVl Mission st.. bet. 1st ami M sts.
WlNt:iMS«Ttcn li.'>iiB»7~4* Third ""sTTiwar" M»r^
ket— 2TO roomi, S3o night; reading rnntna;
« tree 'fcus and haga'aae »<» and from ferry.
A H RA NClT offlM^o^^ii^i^TtTaenvinUaniV
siihi.TU.tinni has been eitabllihitt at i <¦¦:»»
HoiixBii AsnjWAaoxn.
A LOT et hor««# fof sal* at Aread* Ht»
Market, 137 Sixth St.: also fauggte*. wagons,
htmesp. ete.: auction t*\«* every WednMtUy
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. nntl.w, Auctioneer.
COttNTUY horses for sale: two ymtnt draught:
one fine driver, and nne fine famiij* tarriaica>
horse: gentle. Addresa OtT 8ev«nth ave..
E»»t Oakland.
FINE saddle and driving horse for B«t» at Irtrti
Mission St.: also a Urge span of draft horses,
young and well broken.
BAN ROSA s^Myan*^-Hors«s. harness and bun-
gles bought amt'sold; nttv stork always on
hand. 1490 Market tt.. corner Eleventh.
FOR snle — Fine driving horse, ltl hands hlsb.
7 years old; also phaeton and harness. 400
Taylor at. '. : . . ft' . _
NEARLY new laundry or»ba»r wa«on. $«O:
phaeton. $23: exp. wa*onT cart. 2170 Market.
TWO horses, doublo hnrness ami wagon, ex-
press outfit for sale. 1301 Folsom St., grocery.
FIKST-CLAPS light piano box top luir.Ky
choap. 1C23 Sanchez st.
ALL. kinds ot wagons, buxxiea. carts. harneseA
ate. e*ieap. EOAN.A SON. 2117 Mission st. *
AN A No. 1 express wa<on. single: also llghi
camping wagon for sale cheap. 032 Mission.
Nf5w~lfptyfe| "fiigr^ Pei of*.! 11 Iteinry llaf* ,
tt- Hm*"BftMAHN, elfHle) i m fc P. HI: I iWd
.Him. lilt, Eni<; 1774 Jntll, HeaF^'Jum^e,
Wi S. tthfiiiANh.iids epjHtual jjieetjiti *V*ri>
tilsht ft; Puturdari ertmlffclntt lOi«. 14* BUltij
riAh<-.n-ftlale- willing tn-hiahl. fHW^UIs^i .
MtTn, nr^lM nnVNOI.UP, materialising re.
Hii.f Miimtnv eve, iian mils st, i Doc
CT^MTMTfilV SlwMe7lVlufilt^eiTnee7V|t, in , ,
ftOe, l(i»4 Mnth si,
« .EH!!!!' Ul IL *S!£ l > !!'? £.'. *^
Fl'NKItAL NOT1CR— California Com-
ltmttiiMV N«. 1. K, T,— Officers n tt.t ,||2rp
memheie are herrhy noltfled to BBsem* (c 3J
ble In the asylum on MONDAY, \J0
March .1, at 1:16 p. m., fnr the pur- K
l.nse nf attending the funeral nf nur de*
teamed fratcr. HIM ALt;XANl)131t MAH1IN,
lly order of the t'ommander.
1 1 nt AM T, (lltAN'F,!!, Recorder,
EXCELnlnit' I^fidge N«7Vflfl, r7*nA^k. .
M,=*offtcfrs and members are reipeet- Jk
fully tr-nuented to assemble at the Tein« Vji
p\*. MONWAV, March 3, at 1 130 fV
o'clock, t in the purpose of conducting the
funeral *ervlr*B «>r our late brother and Putt
Master. ALttXANPMt MAttTlN. lly nrder
nf th* W, M. II, J. OWEN, rWi-rtary.
MAKINi: rnBlneris 1 Hpiirni-lsl ABSiM'latlnn Nn.
Jiri Mnul.riR me hereby notified tn attend
tha funeral nf i.ur (lfr-oasM tirother JAMKH
V. MAHdNKY, late rhlef, enalneer Bteam*
ship AcBpuli'o, MnNPAY, March fl, nt l>
n'rfnrk, frr.m underlBltlng parlnra nf r'AHIQW
A l-:Mil, It'll. SU Van Nean ave,
JOHN .1, MOIMAHTY, I'realdent.
H^H, MJHTIIH, l,'or, He-c, J,_^ „ _.
niOOenH' and Mlevedorea 1 Union AMorlatlon —
Thtr« will, be a fpet'lal meeting TO.DAV
(fMiNUAY), March 2. at Si p, m,. «t »IO1
Front at,, to transact important business,
Fines fnr non-atleni1«np» will t.e enforced,
lly order V, I", WIIBARTY, President.
_JIU(iH McKI5\'ITT, Iteuardlng Heeretary^
ANNUAL MSKTINa^lUkailiu* Han"tBtlon
<*«)mii*nv '( tm rrgular annual meeting of the
etorknoldera of the ttaknlau Plantation ('mn.
pany will be held ai the offlre ef the rom<
I Buy, .T;7 Market st,. In the elty and mmnly
of (•••ii Franclaco, Rtatn of California, nn
WRtiNKinAV, the Mh day of March. lf»03,
at the hour of II o'clock a, nv, for the pur>
pose of electing a hoard ef directors to tern
tor the ensuing year and for the transaction
nf null other business as may enme before
Ihe meeting, HnnVs will close nn
Friday, February SI, mia, at n n'rlock
p tn II, W. THOMAH w '"' r< ' t>r t'. JM
TO the stockholders nf the Mercedes Oil and
IiBvelfipment r'o^-JNntlpe Is hereby alveii that
ths annual meeting Of the ptorkhntders "f
the Merredea nil and P»ve|pnm»nt Company
will t.» held at the nfOc» of the fimpany,
mm riaua Hprerk»ls bid*,, fan Fianclscn,
rn\; on th» 10th nf March, 1003, nt 5 p, m.
Pr the board of rtlrertora,
J, C, II, KPWAnnn, BfcrHiry,
Till 1 ! fallfrrnla Debris Onmmlsslon having r»«
reived an application to mine by the hydrntiilo
procere from (". L. ranfleid, In tha ntu* T»nt
fnmpany Mine, near Nevada City, N*vnda
'*o , to depnsll tailings In n ravine b*low tha
mine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
et room f.f», Flood rmlldlnr, flan Franclieo,
r«t,, m. Mseefc to, mn?, nt 1;S0 n, m,
A 'JKNTT.rMAN nr lady who can reach people
with money tn Inveat tn a company owning a
mountain <>f low-grade, gold-hearing nre, mi-
pertnr to the "Treadwell" mine of Alasttai
dividends will run a lifetime, beginning A
minihs after mill starts. If you with tn repr
resent nr Invest In a fine proposition ,. a || at
or wrlla to rnnm 4(8. I'arrott building, Nan '
Kranrli-po, Pal., fnr full particulars. >
AlsTIIOMHlY,
APTHOLOriY^PrfiipflrlB fnr the present *e»r
with te*t tiin. h «f Ufa. by an enpeft i<r.rlir.
n.i.ifi, DMi.t date >'f birth, eew and \h ¦¦. !
VW*K PKHHANO, \wvjffl*,
}ji illii&PftpfjS ps«( | fiHiifB predlPteii re«i1lfi|(i
hv mall If rieMfM, Raymand, 88T Tayhf a(,
* ATron fin vi _ aVT/A wi~
n, 'W, KING, Tatty,', SxaTmlner hulldlng, ffwm i
"I'i. flit -n.r«, .in., ,„*?., FBiatee, wllli*, mnti- i
rAftFi rarltiefehlpp, sHflftiitifiitH: ffl jt«*nU«n#), '
iUS.I legAl fiBtipfs dfUWfll fhtisulmiifiil ffeel i
ti»j Bflvfliire chfttfcpsi hpi=li eve's j fall ttf WHte. j
AliVI'-i; fleet >1lv«if. p» ft f>|»>rlnllv:'|itlrh| quiet ; j
ho rtiMI-.K* WMhotit s«lr»<esei eM*iri|l»h><1 tfl JrrB!
(1. W', HOWI5, *r.O Market st,, cor, Btocktoti,
Atn'MT. fl-eef tin rhafge'bnte'sa Fuccensful, W.
W. |..AV|!irin.w. H2t Market st., npp. Mason.
k APVlrM fj-eei npen every eVehlng; low f*es|
all cases. S. M. TlttTUWTON, aifi Market st.
L. H. CLAttk,'lamma ftprerksta bid it.. 02Y Mart
tcetet,; rornmltmion free; no fees In wdvance,.
IlIfVCLlJS— For Hnlr? or ISirlianso.
AXL^^lTVelnnVK^trb1Ty'c?er*fVstTawV|^^^
e*t tliirc out: agency Columbia. Monarch, nth-
ers: renwlrlrir. b»|i» mimrf. .tnl I.nrkln St.
WAItDLlNO canaries and all klndi of soilg,
talking nnd fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
fond of all kinds, into Market st.. bet. Bth A f>th.
iioahihm; von ciiiLnnux.
WANTED — A couple of children to board;
goud home; reasonable, Box 3AM, CaJl ntrice.
NTI'.Ki; wishes children at lowest terms; larga
sunny yard;phone; nr. «chool. 1C07 California.
GOOD home for two children; furnished room
for parent. 2."» John St., off Powell.
UOOK8— XBW*AND OLD.
HOfiKK or all kinds bouvht: libraries purchased.
H. r. Itolmes. 1140 Market: tel. Howard lOtrt.
IIIMMiSS CIIA.N'CISM.
A -BAKERY, delicatessen and grocery In
Western Addition; old eitabllshed place;
present owner has been there 3 years; sold
nn account of «lrkness; this 1b a good one. .
ROHLFB CO., 41 Third at.
A — BAKERY with 11 rooms attached; present
owner been there 10 years; all utensils for
baking; $1230. ROHLFB CO.. 41 Third st.
A — CIGAR stand; location first-class; rent $15
mo.; must be sold; $200. ROHLFB CO.. 41 ad.
A— SALOON on city front: price $200: here Is
your chance. ROHLFB CO.. 41 Third st.~ •
A— WHOLESALE and retail liquor More on 3d i
st.; stock will Invoice fS.'.oo; cheapest rent on ;
street: want partner. ROHLF8 CO.. 41 3d. |
A — GROCERY "and bar; old-established place
on Third St.; owner there .'55 years; good rea-
son for m-IIIiik; JI.Viii. Rohlfa Co.. 41 Third.
A— OUTSIDE office man for business that will
pay $150-(200 month; fine opening for young
man with I3.V). ROHLF8 CO.. 41 Third st. j
HEALV & CARR. 6 Eddy st.. San Francisco, i
rooms IS and 10, Phone James 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business opportunities, city and
! country real estate. Call or write for our I
printed lut properties for sale and. exchange. !
A— MFG. business netting $15,000 annually will
tie sold at a ridiculously low figure i owner
compelled to move East account larger In- j
terests. Any one wishing Al business see my
agent. C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bids. I
A — BARGAIN; cigar stand; money-maker; lo- j
csted on very busy corner wholesale district;
' beautiful fixtures; reasonable rent; high class
trade; must be seen to be appreciated. C. L.
HEDGES. 401-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
McBrTdE~& CoTTtCS Market; phone Red~34»3".
Buyers for lodging-houses: call and see our
large list; from $:<OO to $(1000; fair and hon-
est trade; sellers, list your houses with us for
quick sales.
$350— RESTAURANT worth $700; good loca-
tlon; must bo sold. McrtltllUJ ft CO,.T»5 Mkt.
|2W1 — OIC1AR store; worth $400; Rood location":
fate aMnvnlcw. McHUlOK A CO,, 7H8 **»'**•
$S 11 PROFIT paid on each share since. Peeem.
It 1, IDOL if you want good paying safe
Investment, shares $10 each, dividends pay.
abl* every nftc*n days, wnd for circular.
t.TKKMNU A CO., 604 Liberty bulldlnc,
New York; mention paper.
SELECT family hotel and IwardirTgOwuee of
*a rrmms; elegantly furn.: In quiet central
i. •ration; convenient to ell car linre; tliet-
rim.* tnvni.tiiiPtit for party who understAh.is
business and can command juihmi to $lo,o*.K).
Principals op lyjeddreM Hotel, bd* 87IW, Call.
iTpKR CKNT T rEtTMONTir ""
Earned during past nve yeara by our lnfal>
l it>ii» system of speculation; dividends paid
weekly; no failures: highly Indorsed; pm-tle-
ulnre free; mention paper. HAMMOND A
CO., gL Park Row, New- York City.
. OUR New Alternating Bystem of turf specula-
tion Is the Mfeet and most profitable . ever
devised: average monthly profits over HO per
cent: explanation free. N. 8. HAND & CO.,
Expert Hajidlcappers. 113 Stockton st.
WANTED — Partner cjr partners to Invest $28,-
000 to $100,000 tn a profitable wholetale busl-
nees; old established; best connections;' corpo-
. ration formed If preferred. . L«. box 3709. Call.
A — 10 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1600*;
profits (2 to $8 dally; rents $6 to $125 month.
. I can sell you a flrct-class stand at Invoice..
C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted; suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $2It a week j
no experience required; trial given before
buying. 25 Geary st.. room 4. • •
$200— PARTNER wanted; good place for steady
young man. 40 Ellis St., rooni 31.
JO§1PH ifHAU*Bi I
ftfeo Mithsi st,, eeriw Bteeklen: .
TelPptldlie ai-ftlU iff.
fteal laitfite A lent: . ' .,
l*iepepiy Heuiht «nfl Said.
M*Hte Ca MtMi,
LtJ&Hi Neiotlftteii.
t^gHlifiat* mislliliT^
AefiiHi
A- Mm em! cafs In wrmjesale il|fh|pt| gtiod
paying plate) fent IOf»| pilef MfiQO,
A-=} f rench wine and liquor Bsioqni corner on
Muntaoitipry st.l rents |ft"j prlee lUPO.
A~H«lonn ami restaurant on Market itll Wrjy
laavca I'liy; luw i mil lease) price 12100,
A—ltentatiranti short distance from Han Fran-
cisco; t Btehllshed 14 yeeiB and doing a goud
business; patty going JSasti price f' 1 "".
A=H«kery', enuth ef Market et.i reason far Mil;
I hh old age end elcknees; rent *6<i: e*lore and
II I unlit*; IIIIHI,
A— galoen; cor., near City llalli grtod chance
. for any fin»: H line roams upstairs; low
tent; prlee #.'1000.
A— French restaurant eeuth of Market et.i
price *•.•&¦ i ; willing to take a partner. •,
A--liiilirry and restaurant on prlnolpal ttreetl
a money. maker i price $lo,doO,
A— Palooni good paying iilitce In the vleinlty of
newebaptra' rows enll and InveBtlBnie; price
l.irno;
A*-H«loon near the painre Hotel | rail nnd In*
vestlfiate,
A^lJellcBlcBsen store and lunrhrnom; a vety
k l eland! on nne nf nur piinulpal biulnesa
sta, j S living roomBl rein |14i price S.'lno,
A=-HbIooii mn Hansoma Bt,i owner not aljla to
attend un iiiTiiiint uf other ImelneNB; unly
MOO,
A— Hotel In a live 'interior elt'yi one hour 1 !
' ride from Han Francippo; 43 rooms I 47 liedn;
parler; large liBrroom; large light ilintiiK'
roomj 3B»4O hf)8rdert*i U wnnnnn, part, hfirie,
pigs and fiiii'Umni ininj lease; unly IIOUO,
A«=tlrecery, Imr and clsar itandi gooil earner i
on deary st., near Kearny; lung Iphbpi rent
$40; price eii.M.u.
A=-niat<kPmlth nhfip nesr Hfln .fii»i»i a forges,
limit and wiiii.iwiiiUrit. 1 ..Hi mi; i^.mi In Rtuckl
price ?r.oii. •
A^ftesmursnt nn Fnurth st,| receipts |B0|
leasei rent fS6| prlre shhui.
A— mhImmii and i"iining inMifp; H furnished
iiiiiniB iipsialrsi price floo,
A— Ilnr and grlllronnil neat 1 Market 'st.t average
rereipta fftu: largn baaeini.nt BUlialil* for
bowling alleys i rent $W.
A— Half-lnterest In a good paying grocery and
bar; mil and InvestlgHte,
A— Candy and Icecream parlori good location
and good business: owner cannot give It his
attention; price finon.
.!O8. HTRAUH.
WW Market si,, cor. Htonktnn,
A CLEAN buslneis for sale pnyliiff a rlmr
prMH of ffifl tier week; best locfllinn In the
I'lty; nu opposition; nwner leaving illy; prl<e
H-iiii; nn experience necessary; oiiportunlty
of lifetime. Jk^ WTI^Ijjj^j^l, jlHO jrfsrltet »U
A-I2BO; ne'LICAOV store; receipts |lo "(i"»v|
full value, HTHANU & CO., \iw l->..rny st.
if inn are seeking safe and profltahla Invest;
mriit, write tar prnspeptus of thn Metinpnll'
tan florae Owners 1 irn-operatlve) As«nclat|ni)
iiin-i.iii..niii.i tindai- Maw Vniii Hlata Ittwuli
' a limited number nf share at aVt ih> nn h. n.
H. HA NM, fierretary, III Nlnrklnn al,
$jn« 'rApJI fnr Nlsta «isnpyi pbrnjiany" ffinneii
on plain slmllap in Inilldlng end InHii snclBty
nlhei' liiislneBB ran«s nf IhlB nff^Fi lalWl nnild
jrrilt ea la^Oniy jiiifiiij "«» \lvry, elf yfififior wltTi
nf wlthmit iiuiiiiiiitf, lnniHiiKf ir.ii mnnlh l*a*
slfieai pflinnBlKlPnlHipFeiflljIe, h, A. NB'
)i Afllik-w
WA NT K B^iiJptrtRrirY ' ap iVfl I VmIi" ii« t'f ' I fiTer^
e«t In a Kiir..i-|.#t.vina /diiiiy sfoiei nwner must
tn l-f=l nn «f. i.inif llf Wlfe'll «|i -klixfrt. \}Q*
_jtwI, rail.
CANliV Ptijfe, wTfii^^Ti¥wtn i ierfii'!r7'7rTi 1
fon tale— I'Hititrlttff anil «¦*«(«' flint, gnmisl
fhoH dlstanr'e from city, Ho» flttia, (.'nil,
Fort wO p — nv»t»f Bti.1 rhn(.hqitN», iflnoi doing
ftnod huslnefsi tflal given, «»4il nukft 1 at.
Unoli SBlnon~Mus"r*bp sr/id at Ohc~e| $14IH)!
Itnom Id, J040A Market si,
linen WILL/ buy an ntd pnvliiR drup alore' In
this city. Milt. THHAPHIMH. 117(1 1 Market at.
A HAnrtAiN — tvtlcatensrn and homi> ROohlnct
to lady or ntan and wife, Apply ''nil office,
CI'lAll stand, water fronts Bncriflrei depnrt-
ur» Alaska; enm* make offer. '.'"? Knst st.
WANTED — Morning pai>er route; i)(ib~ nntifa' vr
over. T. HURNB, 1010 Polk at.
Bl'ITAHLH party with $10,000 to ' entertnln
proposition tn promoto manufacture of non-
perishable article (patented) paying Immciisit
profits; rigid Investigation permitted; no risk
or experimenting; models perfectly developed;
' article a staple, and In permanent demand in
all countries; business cat^e. In paying oper-
ation In 4 montha; large orders already
placed; party with buslneaa ability to devote
to enterprise given better Inducements; hnn*
die your own money; particulars only nt In-
terview; references exchanged; nn agents. .
Hox rwto. Call office. _
FOR sale — Phonograph parlora and stationery '
store: this Is a bara-aln; don't miss It. Cull
at 7.10 Harrison St.. between 10 and 12 a. m.
FOIt sale— Shoe store; the only one In Han
Rufnel: good reason for selling. Apply to H.
MAONKB. 3ft Second at.. Ban Francisco,
E8TADL18HBD fruit store: good trade: 4 Ilv*
in* rooms; rent $20; stable. Cull office.
FOR Ra'e — A complete photo gallery outfit; alo
a Marsh Imp. miter box cheap. .Tin Hayes,
' LOD«INa-llOI)MBS FOK S A I.E.
A— WE offer any of following on easy terms:
70 rmn.: elegant; lone; lease: clears $t0O.$UMJ0
10 rooms; selling on account of death.. 4<X)
20 rooms: clrarn $125; payments lOtiO
10 rooms; Eddy st; reduced to ;ino
n rooms; flat; bargain 200
22 rooms; :t<l st.: clears $100; payments.. 7oo
i 10 rooms: Jones-st. corner: only 273
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms ;ioo
(W rooms; corner: clears $400 3RO0
17 rooms; clears $75; only..' 251
10 rooms; rent $10; clears $<>0.., , 430
A. II. RETKLOFF & CO.: phone John 631.
', 006 Market at, cor. Kills, room 12.
i A — Near The Call bulldlns;.
Telephone Hjack 1-8-0-K.
MAniON GIUFFIN. 710 Market «t., rma. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Bis; free list of lodging-houses at my office.
AH for sale on easy terms. Pleaam call.
j 0 rooms; cor.; rent $23; good furniture. $3.">0
J 10 rooms; cost $1200; cherry and mahnft. K50
; 14 rooms; clean; full of men; clears $15. 700
' 21 rooms; Expenses $102; Income $225;
I perm, roomers; all new: mod. Improv.
I 30 rooms; cor.; cleared ?OOO In 0 mo.. 1500
; 50 rooms; cor.; n. Market; clears $160.; 2800
WINSTON ft WOLF.... ?.'
1020 Market st; ..1020 Market st.
• (Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
I 20 rooms, rent $H0; murt Fell $1100
I 20 rooms, rent $rt5: good location 050
I 26 rooms, rent $75; near Butter st 1700
| 20 rooms, rent *7B; offices; good 1400
40 rooms, rent $75; see this 17C0
We Have Many More Such Bargains.
DDNALD INVEWMFrXTF'cOM'PANYr T~
F80 Market ft ... .(tr.o.) Phone Davis 2R1.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
buclnena chances and real estat*.
- We furntah vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day,
¦ New houses to lease.
A. CAMKHON A CO.; ' '
&50 Market at, and ft fttockton st.,
Ttooms 21, 23. 2.1. Phone Hush H2*,
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sf-ll, .list with un; buyers call; we can tmlt
you; have bArgatnn In hotels, lodBlng'hounei,
Pats; all slues and prices; In all purl* wf city,
LODdiNO'irQ\iHKH, hotefs V Bnd TlatBT^iVery'
location, all slsea and price*; ranches, f> mim-.-b
' up; houses and lots In nearly every rtty for
sale er exchange; busings ensnoes of ¦•every
kind. L. .W, Hogera, formerly with Becker, |b
new with us, Krasky'B Fur.co. l 10lf)A Market,
"* "1.7eFrNl^*5L 1^K"RMir("O,7~™ T ° = ~'
H!i;l Market st. Phnne Mint 2811.
Our list of lodging-houses, hotels. Mats
and business chances Is the larg«*t. It will
pay you to Invetitlgate,
A— N0TIC1J— We have roomlng-housee, all
ali*i and prices, In all nnrts of the city; rcv
our 1 1st first. M tTC H F.LL ft CO, . ¦ 1 W n Markt.
FOIt lease to a reliable party, the W. Tell
House; furniture «for sale.' Inquire nt jit
Bush St.. room 13._
$425— T-UOOM housed bath; large "yard"}" goci
'furniture and carpets. .17 Van Ness ave.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tubs., Fri.. Run., 8 p. m.; 60c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
EDWARD KARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thur*.
HOLTMAN and Wrenn, test circles every Sun;;
Wed.. Frl.. 10c; read, dally. 13S2 Market.
MRS. WINCHESTER.' 1610 Clay— Circles Sun.i
Wed., 8; Tuesday, 2; consultation dally. • '. .
FRIENDSHIP~Ha.ll. 335 McAllister— Mrs? C. J."
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c
(JiiAinVOVAN'lii^^,,,^^
tflBMAHrTMB 8¥1'B¥~* " "
i«maf ! , Ul© HgWiiall U*b»J'i /traWS 8slde th«
rehtelitllll haild, Nt illHflWii* fail Wh«.r} i«?=
fB«lB impsiitlS, Wl»f« it Ij6l for tliB Ia6« ttUv-fe;
iittht i h t a ti)« iiiiiiii*i if .vim nit- in tHiubie ef
tHif kiliii, illBi>6Hlt.|itf'i1 I Uhhafit*y ?f not Sittist
let! In llf^, tfohsiilt. Isltiflh for shs is a tirnliliets
;SB nl wiiriil-wiile fnnip, flhd li"r Harlie hns Iip-
-mile fi IHIIVFlll |ll tllllllPfltlllB llf lllllllPB lllBlla
iflpiiy by her aid a tin advlenj isjiirtr cMh hs
•ormullBii iin iiy (rnm 10 hi in. tti n |i. m.i Puoi
lnys from in tu m n, ni,, at h*r offlee, 1141
Market iii,, niipnsita ftUtli.' '
HPKOlAl*— Owing to a lane htimrier nf III-
jtilrlea finin fount tv pBrsons, Isnmr wishes to
inuuutiee that her rendlnge by mall m« funnily
ii tiBtlsfaeiury hh in pflreeni ifinllnf.M by mall
>^j_fjj^j Jei'k of huh 1 , data ami yr«r of birth.
a .......,., •. .".", an'n— -¥r»o^=Bfto T. a
nirniMNKIJ=J(HTUItN13l) ,
rnov, nrtoi-'KWAY—Hiiop, uiiockway,
JOna ISIIIe.'bet. FiBflklln and Oough,
Offers for .'» rtiya— Monday, TueHdMy and
Wpiliiesday— only read in ga at the nhove fees
to all tirpspntlng this elii'iplWf at his efflce
and residence, between the hqurs of 10 a, m,
and n p. in, iiiiiiy,
HefetitllUi hittf Hxtt^rt Lift lleader.
Mmi.iiiirh whlrri for iIpiiiII, exaetnesi, truth,
Interest mftnlfented In eaeh Individual ease,
rii.lllni .iilvlin Mini I'f.llliprl urn mil m|llnlcil In
this city at any llgure, Prof, iirockwny tilla
you what you want to know, eliminating 1 all
iinlnut'tBtttig feature! and not tiring you
with mutters i niiiriy Irrelnvunt to the case
In Iniiiii, nn hits been the ense In rending* y<"\ '
have had in tlm paat, Prof, liruckway tB4ilB
your purl, iireBPiu nnd future,
t Ufin— afin— tiftu, t< ,.„„„ '
MM13, M, HIJHNATtij.
Till!) FAMOUH
i'liilrvuyiiiil and Iiimlnr-MB iiikiIIiiiii, permanently
located at 17 Third st,. »«*t J3»ftrriln«r hltlg.
Hhe reads your life aoneotly, 'gives an neeumte
iir-HiTiiiiii.il nf the past, reveals the present hap*
¦enliiga and portray* pvents to uoeur In th« fu-
ture, If you are in trouble, discontented, un« ,
hnppy nr "mi satisfied in life, or havo domettfe, ;
Ime or business tciiiblfn, eunsult this tmu me* I
rtluni and you wilt he teld how to overebme !
them, Vnluahln advloe In all affairs uf life; L'.-.n
up ; B9tl><fButioii Huarwnteefi. Tel. Hlflck 4ftt)U.
§XTIBFAOTIQN>ayA«1ANTE!!D. " "" j
Mhw WIIIp, M2HA miiib st,, the eeiehrnted
ci'jiital efiei 1 find trillion meiilum, .'
WILL rtlVB
Another speeinl bill life reading to-day or .
Monday for fioei advlee on all affaire of life;
lii'lng this ad,; lvftiirB._ln a, m. to * p, m. .
MHH. tm.'lfCcLAftKM, the well-known tranM J
medium, In pPHiiHiieiiily located at lyon Mar- |
ket'st;, nn, Uiiiiion tinin ave., rooma SB and
V<1| tnU" nlnvutiil . J'rl-fm t IrttiSfBCt loll Kllnr>
nntr-ni by main i*«nd stamp for tmmphUt
With Bpwrln|-t»rtns_._ Oally and Hlindny,
MMW, AUnDt, i»i« greaTTlslrvoynni, le||a past,
fiilnin; nnvr r fulls; hflB the grefttest I'U'VlilInn
rscnti shnws plcturn fiiuire liuslinnil or w!f«|
fe« Ufto nnd upl sntlsfartlon to nverybodyl
n| S!?. h . W u''"' l "2"L l l m ' r '''.. 1 "- tn> ? i 1 '™" 1 '. 8 .l?,!U?i)l'
lBM~Alt,"th« Kgyptlan Oypsy, nUlrvnynnt and
permanently lomitsd MIX Mrtrk»t, op*
liimitn Sixth! private rmtdlnga dally, 10 n. i>
to ft p, m, Nuii'lays from 1Q to 12 a, m.
A^mThh^T wIlLW.' nanT imsTrlaTrvnyant,
crystal seer 1 , remls your life correctly without .
qiiBB, ; full nniiK'si nOc-Hj 10 a, m. to W p. in. I
MMW. ItAVWNNA rend* life ftu*nllyi liuslnass |
ndvlcs; names given; 2rto up, B Fourth st. ¦
ChAWWfAffir'eM^'nfar trnm IjOuT«lnrm,;
(inly Ifh'i from 1- to «. S<^ .Mlnng, gt, i _nr : _4th. ;
MMR. WALTF,Hk,"grent > card"reB*d«*ri la, 8n«i '
gnnia ftOn, Kftl MIhkI.hi, nr. (Rh; open Buin1«£«
MVt1ri"~ATlT7fltTNTn)H^A"r7,~*aci'anHnq ' card j
reader, tfl'J rllKllt^l,, rooni 3. ' (
bTmH ", "lilA! . f7i iTvT 0 1 7 Ifnwanl, nTfllrvftyant nnd
Bpli'li rani r«Bili*r; nnnsult ni*j I,, gflo, H, Ma,
FfkiUi ""eadTngMadlTa. 1'lnj gsnlleinen, Wa,
i VB Miiihii el,, uaar pevonjh^
MBPi 8noWN/!ciiifvw»nti.Mffj ni&u) todies
lijiiij gi»niB nQii| rVftfiinus rtiUly, Inj flljUh at,
MlT«, IMVON, wntnVF^if fn'rimi'* t«i!«fl Iruth
f<? nn pay | yftft, fiQp^VH^jnwnrft at., pnr. (Id.
6fMT$r««Prnf, Weflsr, elairvftyan*. palroJBl, pard
r«>» tie _r » m» 1 1 if/ieiBjslamp for ulrc, I'J'JTH .Mh_t,
MM, MHLVtr/IjTwfill«WRflWBelilpvpy«nifwfl|« i
fgitfief. 1 1 ftt h j OBfmans|riikPnit»];J»Mijjo^
MMW fl llHiim«Tin, wpiTIkHawFlflffilpMeTlep, j
ht* PnlKf)VB t j fffliH gOU V-iily (n M'fHFfe)!.
(JAIM3 WOMB* i
FTUl ffplSlit «Hi1 p«WB|}»» Ifi t'HI* Nflffli »ni1
Viihfiii "HIvpp p''lms. ('nil er WfHe f?. V,
Mm iliM, fi.'tft Mwihut'eL. fnnm '<¦ '
WJI63N you lipt'nnie i||pgu«ted with poor work !
Mhii lo WAUiAitHll'H Plnnner L'tirpet'beat'
lti« Worlts, NM-flfit 'IVhnlnfl st.l tel. flnUth 40, ,
A M tin 1 f J a' "tf'iut t pe I i • lien 1 1 Ii ff Wiftks-Clennlng, j
tenovated, relnld, lot 14th nt.) t«l. dapp anta.
AMVAVfH «'srpet*el#BtiHia- ('"., *O2 Bii4t*r et;i I
tH I Mnjn 3114, mitn. WAt,roM fc i<O., Prop.
BI'DOfiPH ft r O,, crtrpnt-hcntlng wnrkaj prices
rea sons hie, I M Harrison et.i tel. Mlwalnn 20.1.
CONKIilN'H Superior Cnrpet-elennlng Wnrka,
M.T'1 Onlden Oat» eve.i telephone lisst 12<l
J. M. MTTOIIfJiL rBrp^t-clennlna; and Reno-
vntlnir Put, Mn Mth «t.: tel, Misntnn 74. |
comjhctiojv 'orncios. j
CorufcrHiAi^TTaw nnd Collection Agency. Oth
floor, ni(! MmkH ft ; advice (rte. Tel. Bush
KM: flble bodv nr-nttnrnevs. '
CKOttOE W. KfSLLY'H Ae»ncy— No charge
iinle«» «nrr»i«»iil, Tlcom fll'V n?7 Mnrk»t »t.
COTl'AOEM TO I.I3T. M
COTTAOR if su nn y rooms ond yard, |7. 700^
/ Hurrleon at., nenr Third. .
6- ItOOM ~cnt tn Re~Ta rge Btahie,- nenr Mission
and Thirtieth ats.; rent f 10. HBOt Mission,
DKNTISTS.
A*— "tJii. r.~H~ "iTibaiNHi 027 Market St., Emma.
Bpn-ckelB bldg,— 1'alnlesB dentistry At reason-
able prices: tiure gold HIIIiikh. $1 BO: oth»r
nilniBS. SI: Bold and porcelain crowns, IIV
• uuj plntca. a full aet of teeth that . look
natutul and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. /
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, brldseq
nnd filling"*: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, nalnlew method; 20, years'
experience; no students, advlco.free; prices
cheapest and giturnnteed; lady 'attendants.
Dlt. OKOROB W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrcll st,
ELECrnO-DKNTAL' CLINIC. POO Market, cor.
4th, nn. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our speclaltyifcoM
. crowns $3 r.o up; plate«| extractions free, $1 Ml
up; office hnura. n a. m. to 0 p.m.; Sunday*.
U to 2. J. W. THATCHEU, D.D.8., Manager.
£7sY De,ntal Parlors, fl Turk st.. cor. Mason—
Kxpert painless extrfietorti; skilled operatOrB,
cos given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDrcn-
HON. D. V). H.. proprietor and manag?r.
A NKW plate~The AVhalebnne — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, S3 r>O;nillngs,BOc;
pl.iter *5. full set: all work painless and war-
ra nted . Ch Icago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
SEE my new pTniTfvory plates: see mjr new
unbreakable brlrteo: both warranted lifetime;
crowns. >2; nillngx. 25c. Dr. Brown, B4 Oth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny. cor. Bu«th—
Full sot of teeth, $4: crowns, $3; fillings. 00c.
MR VCR, 4« O'Farrcll. late of 0 Turk st.;
crown and brldsre work; gaa apeclallst. ¦
hn. K. P. SIIEPAKD. 14 Geary St.; expert
¦workmanship only: reasonable; hourn 10 to 4.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNO, 1S41 folk st. •', !
DR.R.L.WAL8H. .SI.'V. Ocary.nr.T^nrklp— Pain-
legs ext.'.-IQc: plates >S »n: phone Polk 113.V
nnESSMAKERS A1VD gBAMSTItHSSES
¦MeririWKLL Dreasmnking & Millinery School—
flBi»i ratem patterns cut, 1010 Market st,
dog Hospitals.
rm, fRKRI.VH r, l>,yrtoif »o«p bv JniB^HtB
~ rcnilOATIONAI^
rusAuvs* *hc-i iobTToip' 'iTCkuTnicA lIwon
NEBHINO— Theory, demonstration, construe-
tton, lRhnratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical) day end night. 24 Post St., ». F.;
catalpguo free. ,
AYMCB 1 l^B(Jln« Ou'slness College. 723 Market
-rfN per month i MO life ieholnrshlp guaran.
lee* » remplete hus, education t shorthnnd,
typing, 'bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Rpanlen,' etc.; experienced teachers;
n*w typewriters; ivslttons secured; cut, free.
•BOF. 'HUB. COLLEOE. 2JM Market • it.— nig
school becauis it's beit. Out 1 OreRg.ihort-
hand students writ.- f .'<m wnnis « minute on
tret. Typewriters at home free, to students.
_Nlne_ posit Ions last, week. .
\VH desire to recommend' English lady of high
chirncter and ' attainments for position of
tt-ui>t ; housekeeper, governess, teacher. WM.
ouFrjn HArtnirtbN. "i h, diqdy; john-
. /TON, LUD., 1)27 Market St. ;__¦¦_ _-.¦ J;
HRALO'B' SCHOOL OF MINK8. 24 POST ST.,
. 8. F.— ThorouKh courses; complete equipment;
all rubjects pertalnlnir to mining and mining
enelneerlng; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, > President Jordan or any
Btantord professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of 8upreme Court ad-
V vise their friends to attend the QALLAGHBR-
MARSH COLLEGE. .Is ¦ this advice | worth
following? Life : scholarship $80; catalogue.
ACTINO, elocution.: tpeclaltles;; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical aitency securlns po-
sltlons.- Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st. '
VIOLIN,' guitar, mandolin.-, banjo taught - in
class, fl month.- ISitj Eddy; phono Pine 433.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 2, 1902.
33
mOAIV. ESTATE^ — CITY — FOR gALB.
LYON & IIOAO, 114 Montgomery st,
INVESTMENT PAYING IB PER CENT.
lia.WXWCorner on Paolflo st,, east of Taylor I
big lot; AH feet frontage: improvements consist
of four frame building* containing 4 stores and
v« tuts! while the. Improvement!! are old they
are in excellent pondltloni brlek foundation! tin
reefs; latest sanitary plumbing; th»« property
l» always rented and !¦ dne of th« b«t P«y« en
the market, ;
FOL.86M.dT. BU&INESi PROPERTY,
ITOOft— nent $740 per years substantial JUptery
building; theittrat floor consist* ef a ntwe ana
0 living rooms; 9 flatt aheve ef o and fl rjiomn
and hath; Insurance |4Wh»j moHgafe fWOfl fan
remain: the rents are lew ami ean be rali|«.
eO'?>TAOra ©N CI«A'YTON. NBAtt OAK.
$400iw-A bargain; contains T larse ream* and
bath; key let, sfisUWMli an abundance of light
and suni inftruast* M&i*\ pan remain. j •//
CLAY--BT. RK8 113 KNOB. ,
S52ao— Tw«.»tery resl>1p»ite eentalnlnt 8
rwma and bath 1 , lot STitlxiaTsS} excellent nelfh.
berneed. '
A eHRAP LOT ON BltYANT AVB.
$aioo^riryant, bet, Tweiuy*e*eond and Tw«n.
ty*thlrdt bit lot, 84t«xlOO; street bltuminUed;
cars pas*.
FAYINO OVEU 10 PER CENT.
$:i6Wt— towa «., near Twenty.thlrdi 3 flati of
4 and ft rooms, bath, etc.; rent $12: always
rented; elope to the large shipbuilding plants
at the Potrero.
OUERRERO-ST. VLATS.
$5100— Two bay-window flats containing 0
and 0 rooms and bath: Bunny.atde of Btreet;
rented low at $12 60; mortgage $2400, can re-
! main.
! NEW FLATS AT THE MISSION. .
! $5250 — Rent $47 60; brand-new ftats. o and 6
¦ rocms, bath, etc. ;¦ electric llB:ht and gas fix-
tures; big lot; abundance of sun and light; fine
I location. ¦ (
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
! $2050 each— Ashbury. bet. Halght and Page; 2
lots. 25x100; sunny side of street; excellent lo-
J cation for residence or flats: corner adjoining
. just sold for $.">600; buyer will begin at once
: erecting a. handsome residence.
I NEW FLATS FACING THE I*ARK.
I $05C0— Rent $05; three flne flats of 7 rooms
I and bath each; dining-rooms .paneled; kitchen
' in center of building; rooms prettily deco-
• rated; lots of sun and light: an excellent in-
i .vestment; onwer anxious to realize,
i ARTISTIC HOMES— -
• . . COMMANDING GRAND. VIEWSf
| $r?350 — Best ' houses ever, offered for the
I money; large sunny rooms; all latest conveni-
ences; J>ig lots. 30x137:0: splendid nelghbor-
I hood- terms same as rent; open on Sundays for
I Inspection: Filbert, bet. Broderick and Baker.
' ' We. publish a monthly list, containing full de-
I Bcription. of -both improved and unimproved
: property for sale, in all sections of the city,
which we will cheerfully send to you.
LYON & HOAG.
! 114 Montgomery st. •
| HOOKER & LENT 14 POST STREET
I - $140,000.
New 6-story brick corner; leased for 5 years;
I pays 5^4 per cent net.- |
$110,000. ¦ i ¦
New 6-story brick building: secured Jease,
10 years, at $630 per month.
i $100000.
! Three-story brick building, wholesale dis-
trict; large lot, 87:6 front; pays about 6 per
| cent net.
$75,000.
Five-story building, near Sutter and Mason
, sts. ; leased ¦ at ?550 per month.
} $32,000.
J Paclfle-ave. corner residence, 16 rooms, etc.;
: choice location; east of. Fillmore st.; large lot.
$20,000.
McAllister St.,' close in; rents $2250; 50-foot
let ; new improvements.
I $26,000. •
Market-st. building and lot; 40-foot frontage;
through, to rear street.
$25,000. - ¦ ." ' '
A northeast corner. 50 feet front, east of
Hyde Bt. and south of Geary; 50 feet front.
.' s ' $17,500. ' . .
Rents $170; near Bush and Polk sts.: 50-foot
lot.
$15,000. ' '
O'Farrell; 3 houses; rents $120.
Rents $120; near California and Polk sts.;
60-fcot lot.
$11,000.
Residence. California St.. near Octavla; 35x
137:0; 14 rooms. 2- baths.
. $12,250.
Van Ness ave.; new residence, 14 rooms.
$10,000.
.Montgomery St.; rents $$0; under lease.
; $7000: • ' • ¦ •
New flats; rents JT- N) per month; only lft
blocks from Market ;>t.
. $0500.
-Oak st., near Fillmore; residence, 8 rooms,
with stable; 40x120.
Sacramento-«t. flats; sunny side near Fill-
more; rents $52 50; 25x125.
, $5500. '.;• ¦' . ¦ .
Washington St., near Larkln; 2 houses; rents
$50. ,- . . •
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
MADISON &. BURKE,
(Established January. 1858.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery st., opposite Lick
House.
CORNER WATER LOT.
$37,500— Steuart st., near Market; old Im-
provements . paying big interest; this Is the
kind of property much In demafid.
RETAIL BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,000 — Pays ft per cent net; business local-
ity; elegant building in two stores and 6 flats;
just completed and leased; large lot.
SUTTER STREET. I
$25,000 — Sutter St.. inside Polk; large lot'
with double frontage; executor's -sale; must be !
sold. \ - - v .
CHEAP CORNER. . -
-Corner Thirteenth and Kisllng sts., near
Folsom: 50x73; two buildings; well rented;
$9000. • , • ¦ -v
I . ' •' N. , . . •
. NEW RESIDENCE.
$500(1 — New house; Lake st.. corner of Eighth j
ave.: 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-'
ment.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000— O'Farrell st., near Polk: | large
house; lot 22:11x120 to. rear street; this Is an
Improving location.
- MARKET ST. CORNER. '
$16,000— Market st. gore lot, Intersection of
Ridley st.. 00 feet on Market; covered with
Ktqros; this Is a bargain.. j
$3000— Corner Twenty-fifth and. Alabama;
60x100; a good corner to Improve.
$2500— Steiner. near' Waller; a choice build-
Intt lot; cheap: 25x01:6. %
$2000 — Broderiek st., near Oak: an elegant
building lot; near Park Panhandle.
$5000 — Ban Jose ove., near. Twenty-ninth
»t.. flats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000— Nlc« cottaire home on Nineteenth it.,
near Eureka; modern. B rooms and bath: lot
25x75. ' .
Lots on Twentieth ave.. between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave. ; a choice ¦Urn- of lols,
$550 and $600; can cell on easy terms If de-
sired. MADISON & BURKE.
¦ 30 Montgomery »f
F. B. • SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
¦ , .' 138 Montgomery st.
$12,500— Rents $100 per month; a bargain;
Golden Gate ave., near Van: Ness; 2 flne flats,
O.and 7 rooms; lot, 32x137:0 to a rear street;
Improvements in Al condition. |
$3500 — Compulsory sale; flne modern residence
8 rooms and bath: Stanyan St., a short distance
from the Park: lot 25x140.
•$11,000 — Nr. Halght and Fillmore; 4 fine flats
and rear cottage; total rental $90 per month:
lot 60 ft. front, half of, which runs through t&
rear street. ' * ••
$12,000 — Washington st. corner, downtown-
residence of. 12 rooms and bath: lot 82:6x81:10
$5000— McAllister »t.. nr. Devlsadero; cottage
6 rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6. B
$2650— McAllister St.. close to the Park; nice
cottafj*. 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6.
$15,000— Rents: $106 50 per month; business
corner on Howard St.; gilt-edge investment
$S6G0— Rents $77 W) per month: Larkln st • 3
flats and cotta&e: lot 48x100. . • ¦ , , . ¦
:¦> $1250 — Lot. Tremont ave., nr. Frederick st •
compulsory sale; will submit any offer within
reason; 25x80. ; - ..'
1 $1650— Lot, Broderick st...nr. McAllister: 27-fl
xlOO to a rear street; cheap; . \
. ' $SO0O — A bargain: modern residence, 12 rooms
and 2 baths; rents $70 per month; Central ave
nr. "the Park. • ¦ ¦- J
$65CO— Want an offer: Clay st., Presidio
Heights: modern residence, 8 rooms and bath-
lot 25x127:8; $1000 cash, balance on a flat loan!
WANTED— To- purchase a restdence north of
Broadway, from Van Ness ave. ¦ to Lyon at
. . . W. J. QUNN. 530 CaUfornm st.
WANTED — To purchase lots from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon st
; • ¦: W. J. QUNN, 530 California st.
FOR SALE — As a whole or In subdivisions. 50-
vara lot. south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
:. of Pierce. : Lot^ /northeast corner Green and .
Pierce sts.. 10.1 r«xl37: 6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real. Estate Broker,
824 : Montgomery st. '. ';. ¦ . - , •'
A : CORNER. 1 75xS0, . Junction Market and ; Do-
lores, $13,000. A: K.. Dlmond, . Cal. -
HEAIi ESTATE— CITY—FOH • .SAJLB.
NELSON JOHNSON * CO..
205 Montgomery it., opp. Mills bide.
SNAP-
MUST BE3 SOLD THIS WEBK, •
$4,260— Reduced from $M00; modem resid«ne»
T rooms, porcelain bath; high base-
ment : flne. sunny key lot; north side;
one of the heet streets In the Western
Addition; lot Wxl.iT;t» feet; 100 ft.
from the nuu-dt, cart.
. «.« p AT8 WOl INTEREST.
t*.:frY«nentfi #aas; Agao e»»h, balance, mart-
tract »t A pert cent; rt fUt» near Hlxth
ana Howard tu.; pay* * a *° n ** * (l * r
Ux«e, Insurance And water &r« paid.
ELEGANT PREStOIO HEIGHTS RESI-
llO.POcw-Lftrte elegant re*ld#nc# 13 r«»m« *nd
a baths; double {tartars and dining-
room connecting; Mlllard>roem, t«r>
vfltirp bvm, «te, t Urge lot; north *ni*
ef «tre«t; unobstructed marine vlaw;
eh«ape«t residence In the city.
• ,«*** N POWNTOWN »NV E8TM 8NT.
113,000— Larte lot, S2t:6xl2O feet; S frontages:
Improved with 4 houses; on O'Farrell
st,; ft minutes' walk from Market st.
'•««/•¦ 4 UP'TO'DATE FLATS.
? IO.iCO— «#nts $1225; 3 new flats T rooms and
bath, marble steps and . round bay
windows; kitchen In center; 37 feet
frontage; cars pass.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATB.
$7,M0— Rents |S40; 2 brand new elegant Hats
of 0 and 8 rooms and bath; marble
steps, etc. .
.'« -^ OCTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
$5,500— Substantial 2-story bay-window house
ot 10 rooms and bath, near Post st.
FINEST LOT IN THE CITY.
$4,000— Key lot to 2 main streets giving ex-
posure of 30 feet for sun and light
on both sides that can never be ob-
structed; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.; best por-
tion of the Western Addition; 3 flats
on this property will rent for $165
per month.
$2,000—30 feet on . Castro st. at a bargalri N
"-; NELSON JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
JOSEPH STRAUB, ~ "
.¦ 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agents.
„ Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
\ . good income produclne property of 12
flats and residence of 9 rooms; stable;
chicken yard; lot In rear to build on;
rent 53500 per annum.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats:
rent $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott St., near Geary; worth $12,000.
$8,000 — New modern 2-st»ry and basement
house; stable; garden In front; on
Ellis St.. near Scott.
West Berkeley — Corner lot on Bancroft way
and Seventh st.
Fourth st., between Channlng and
- . . Bancroft way; sewered; sidewalk: lot
52x135; price $500.
Lots 22 and 23, Raymond Tract,
Bancroft way and Eighth sts.; lOOx
100; price $600.
Lot 22, Mltchellst.. near San Pablo
¦ ave.; 50x100; price SROO. '
Fair Oaks, Stockton — Lots 22 and 23. block 52-
50x1 OO ; price $25O.
Mill Valley — Cottage of 4 rooms; furnished;
patent closet; lot 126x300; price ?2iK>>
Napa — Ranch of & acres, na^v house of 3
rooms, horse, buggy/ cow, chickens,
new windmill, running water; price
$3500. or -rent ?20O per annum.
Campbell, near San Jose-rCottage of 5 rooms;
lot 40x120; price $750.
O^NLY $12 50 A MONTH FOR A HOME.
With a small cash payment you can buy a
new 4-room cottage, with bath, high basement,
level lot and street work done; near Mission
and Cortland ave.
$20 A MONTH^Jib A MONTH
Buys you a large sunny 5-room cottage, bay-
window front and rear. 2 mantela, open plumb-
Ing, cement sidewalks and high basement; 1
block from Twenty-second-st. cars.
$10 a month secures you a level building lot
25x125. and only a quarter of a block from '
Guerrero-st. cars; street work done; only 4
lots to be sold.
$5 a month for a level building lot on line
of Kentuc!ty-st. cars and within 10 minutes
of the Union Iron Works and Potrero.
$5 a month for building lots from $200 up-
within 1 block of Twenty-second-st. cars; street
work done. •*. • y
$5 a month for a lot commanding a grand
view of the Park and Ocean: lots are level; 1
block from cars and boulevard.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st. -
RIVERS BROS., 2O5 Montgomery St.
: . $.500 cash:
Balance monthly Installments same as rent;
• price $3250; lowest bank rate Interest, 6 per
cent on deferred payments: handsome new cot-
tage; just completed; 5 large rooms and bath:
most beautiful marine view in the city; two J
larK« and elegant bay windows: large yard in
rear; latest, mnut improved nlckle-plated open
plumbing; porcelain bath-tub, porcelain sink,
tiled: elegant gas fixtures throughout; gas
grate; cement wash trays; blrdseye maple
mantel; best painting, graining, varnishing,
tinting and lincrusta throughout halls and din-
ing-room; dome ceilings; brick foundation:
plate-glass doors: abundance of sun and light
,all day long; every modern convenience: wa-
ter, gas and sewer connections all made; ce-
ment sidewalks; flrst-class location; 15 minutest
from Kearny and Market sts.; on car line; no !
transferring to eet down town. '
Don't ml;s this bargain; It Is worth SO per
cent more than price we are asking.
RIVERS BROS..
205 Montgomery s t .
$100 PER FOOT— Pacific Heights marine view
lots. THE MCCARTHY CO., W6 Market st.
$9000 — 75 FT. lot— North side; marine view;
¦ Pacific Heights: adjoins elegant restdence.
'¦ THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
$1900— BAY st. lot. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st.
$20.000 — LOT 75x137:6: suitable for flne flats or j
apartment house building. THE MCCARTHY
• CO.. 646 Market st.
$2500 — SMALL Investment; near Powell st. ;
i pays 8 per cent; rents for $18 net. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. )
$24.000— ELEGANT. Broadway corner residence;
modern, complete: artistic. THE McCAR-
THY CO.. 646 Market st.
$850 — LOT 25x114; Twenty-third st.
$42C0 — 2-story house, 6 rooms and bath; lot
25x100.
$4000—2 flats, 5 rooms and bath each; lot
25x100. v - \ •
$l«00— Cottage. 4 rooms and bath: lot 25x80;
street work done. • .
IISOC — 5 rooms, cottage; lot 25x140.
$20C0 — 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114; 26th st.
; PATTERSON & CO..JJ^CIty Hall square.
FOR sale — Fine new Mission home; big lot, 57x
120; 7 rooms and bath; here's a bargain; must
be sold; worth $6000; make an offer; splendid
locality: grand view; car lines close. CONK-
UN. FULLINGTON & CO.. 710 Market st.
FOR sale — A new modern house 6 rooms, bath,
laundry, finished basement; will take Rich-
mond lot In part payment; Seventh ave.. ISO
ft. north Lake st. See. owner on premises.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address tn the
-United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
FARMING LANDS NOW TO THE* FRONT ~"'
Santa Clara County— 40 acres. 30 In resist-
ant vines; dwelling cost $0000; price only $10,-
000; would exchange.
Stanislaus County, near Modesto— (M!0 acres
all under Irrigation; now In grain; rented; flne
land; price $35 Der acre. '
San Joaquln County— 0C2 acres reclaimed
tule land; «50 acres planted In rye and 300
acres rented at $S per acre for vegetables;
price $70 per acre.
We have oth"er lands for grazing, grain or
any other cn.o In good locations and at reas-
onable terms: we Invite land seekers to visit
our office.
.McAFEE BROTHERS.
lj) Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
$2500— 60-ROOM hotel and bar; rent $75 per
month; well located; every room full; nets
$250 per month.
60 chicken ranches near Petaluma from 1
to 50 acres; some well stocked wltfl chickens
and brooders. "
With a few hundred dollars you can be-
comt Independent; no business In California
equal to it; easy terms.
WELLS A 8AUNDERS. 630 Market st •
ITjEASE note — This Is to remind you that
EDGAR C. HUMPHREY i* the pioneer «pe-
ctalist In properties from San Mat«o to
Menlo Park. }t Interested, • tha Information
you wish may probably be had 'by address-
Ing mo either at , 707, 1 Call bldg. or Palo
Alto, Cal.
FOR sale — The best and most profitable land
In the West; come to Watsonville, Cal., be-
fore purchasing elsewhere; send for cata-
locue. ¦•viaewCTjPR. p. quinn,
Real Estate. Watsonville. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SANt FRANCISCO '.
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. . Sonoma Co. ; future value assured as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.; 302 California st, for
. pamphlets and Information.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published weekly
free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
¦ scribing all classes of country property, after a
personal Inspection. : for sale and exchange by
, N P. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary st.
$1200 — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, and attic: lot 45x
100; cash $500; Corte Madera. PATTERSON
& CO., 11 City Hall square.
TtlsfiBisliilsB4^ii»iiMMiiiiiiiiiijiMiiiBiiTriBrMli»TilinHnMh>
weal Ea J A Tn-~cqpyTnY~-Fo> s*i«
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
Beautiful lots, 60x150, and lart«r. wt,ttr.
••*«'¦ *nd fine roads: wooded and open; Mod
to $,uo; easy terms; onenhtrd «t Iraqi a4r«*dy
sold.
t^F 01 ** TRACT— ROBS VAXXBT.
i». J*&/" w eaxx *f «n superbly woo4*4 Urw
Jot, f^aew; «a»y term*,
Ftn* lug* wooded lot adjolnlnr. ITOO.
Uen; * great bargain.
m!&£^~!&i *«™l bMUtlfOlly «ltnhar*.t;
wildenet, «»«», «te.; >xtr*m^ly *ttr*.-uv«.
! _, . _ . »AN' RAFAEL.
A^!f t sJrt\2J >MW * ne *i. l* r *^ *w«n4«5 tn flat
order* $30,000; v»ry «hate».
*t'. l^ ( «*7 B ?* ut i^ 1 ham * • n * 1 «»«»«• Mil
Hotel Rafael and feroad>f&ute d«t»t.
•}0. Ortft— Another lov«ly home n«ar ttotel
Rafael.
$10,60(WBtt1l anfith^r charmtn* hom» n»4*
Itotrl Rafa#l tn Coteman Addition.
t have flne prooertl^s on tln<» of th» new
North Shore Electric Railroad from Sausallt.i
up to San Rafael.
OEO. A. RAYMOND Mllla bldg.
__ 7th floor — Room 2.
$2000—321 ACRES, with cottase and barn; Ne-
vada Co.. Cal. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City
Hall square.
$4300^ — 145 ACRES; w«U Improved: near city;
an honest ranch for honest value. WOOS-
TER. WHIT.TON & MONTGOMERY. 631
Market st.
PROFITABLE orange lemon, peach and prune
; lands to sell: right locality; big money: easy
; payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
MORE mighty tempting outside snaps: coma In
and talk while It ruins. E. N. EMM0N3 &
SON, room 4. 10th floor. Mills bldg.
TEN-ACRE fruit and chicken ranch near Wal--
nut Creek; trees tn full bearing; no agents.
E. F.. box 3775. Call office.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON St
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. 8. F-, & 8an J.
WILL show 160 acres good Government land,
$160. C- H. STREET. 211 Examiner bldg.
TWO cottages. Camp Meeker; nicely situated.
A. O. E.. 1602 Washington St.; no agents.
SAUSALITO URAL ESTATE.
$5000— SAUSALITO lot. 50x120; two 6- roomed
flats furnished. MURDOCH. 514 Pine st.
I REAL, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
1 ¦¦¦ . . —^~~ — 1
5 ACRES land. Portland. Or., In exchange for
California property. | MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
A FINE ranch. Glenn County. In exchange for
houses or lota. MURDOCK, 514 Plna at.
$3000 WORTH of out-Mission property for
goqd ranch near bay. S504 Mission st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEAL ESTATE.
A— COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 52x117:
original loan $4200; price $3000; easy piv-
v ments and part other property In exchange.
MURDOCK. 514 Pine, st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATF.
$5000 — HOUSE of 10 rooms: lot 45x12.)- near
station: flne views: No. 155.
$2100—5 rooms; lot 36x133; No. 153.
SHOO— 4 rooms; lot 40x133; No. 13S.
$3000—8 rooms; lot 50x130; No. 13'.
CHARLES A. BAILEY. 322 Montgor.iory.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath; hix 1 ' Mse-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 611 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATF.
A — HOME BUILDTNO CO., Frultvale av».
$1000— House, 5 rooms and bath; lot 11 <irj
feet; barn: % mile from station; $100 c.i-h. bal-
ance $12 60 per month.
$1500 — House, 8 rooms and bath; 4 rhort
blocks from station; $20O cash, balancd 51- ui)
per month.
$1 sort— House, 8 rooms, bath: mantel nt^tinm*
ary tubs, high basement; 2 blocks from *ta«
tlon; $300 cash, balance $21 per month.
$1700 — House. 5 rooms and bath; lot SJfxlSI;
nice stable: 1 block from car Una; 4 block -< front
station; (300 cash, balance 910 60 per month.
$600— House, S rooms; lot 50x100: good weilj
$100 cash, balance $7 per month; 3 blocks Hay*
wards car line, "Fltjhburg."
• $1.V)O — House. S rooms and bath: lot .Vxlfil
feet; 121 per month will buy this home; "Furest
Park."
$1000— House, 5 rooms: lot 45x143; $100 cian*
balance $12 60 per month; "Allendale Tract."
HOME BUILDING CO., Frultvala ave.. south
of R. R. track. Office hours. 8 to 10 a. m..
weekdays; all day Sundays. W. E. RUDELI*
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and 'Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, nig*
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds: fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.: rent *35 a month: price $4000.
• Apply J. R. FREXJD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
FOR sale — Lot near electric road; Impover-
ished owner desires coin, hardup. Box SS99.
Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY. I
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. v
$350 CASH. $10 monthly — Cozy and well-bnllt
cottage of 4 rooms and bath: flne bigh base-
ment; brick foundation; good well of water:
2 lots 60x100; all picket fenced; shed and
chicken-house; some fruit trees and flowers:
fine soil; no fogs or cold winds; near fine,
school, electric can, town hall and neat
church; over 100 families located In a short
time and growing fast: adjoining East Oak-
land; price, all told, $900. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh St., opposite Broadway
station. Oakland : carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
SOO ACRES, three miles from Oakland. |75
au acre: two-thirds of purchase price can bo
¦ borrowed on the l|nd at 8 per cent Interest.
GILBERT WYMAlJ, attorney at law. offlco
and residence. Twenty-seventh ave. and Ea«t
¦Sixteenth. Frultvale. Cal.; phone Drook 123.
$1200 — C-ROOM house: improved street: csment
walks; Inside city limits; only 2 blocks from
local ttation: -$100 cash, remainder of pur-
chaso prlc« same as rent, $15 per month.
WTMAN LAND CO.. 1137 E Fourteenth «.,
near Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
WE offer bargains In dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda: for sal* and cv-
chanice. HKALY &. CARR. A F.ddy St.
oak: la yoj^^yvnin^jFon^ s\ l e.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. K.
BCHELLHAAE. 40* Eleventh St.. Oakland.
SKiyi.\q"MA C II I -\ E S AXp SL'i'PLIEJC
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repalrtna;; '
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 143 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing: lowest rate*. Tel, Orp»n 14». 2f>n 4»h.
STORAGE AMI WAREHOUSES.
PIEB^E-RODOLP^Sto7*gT^ind Moving C(C '
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5711.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MU-
slon tt.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Z EH rt' S3.
tiEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tet. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-.
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
y -
GOOD paying hotel in Crockett to let. Me-
EWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN~ T x^P^WIUTERslirw*
sell better machines (or toss money than any
house In the city: rentals $:). The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 268.'.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :entlmate free. 200 Sansomo.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND N"otic^The^Glan"t~Powder Ccm-
pany. Con. : a dividend, No. 30, of seventy-
five cents- (75c) per rhare on the issued capt-
¦ tal stock of the company has been declared
pnyable at the office, of the company, wmi
202. '204. 206, Hayward building San Fran-
cisco, on March . 10, 1902. Transfer books
close March 3, 1902, at noon. J. R. LEAV-
ELL. Secretary. ¦ .
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty-Poor.
KB At. E STATE— CITY— FO R . ft ax
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$«,500—R ent , $ea "per month; lot JM>x!04;
Twenty-second «t,; 3 buildlnns In
nats; a splendid bargain.
$u.ooo— nw. iivstnew corner en Eddy st.;
s »tor« brut flats; r>nt» $0S per month.
l4.250_nsnts $ss per month: a »pl«ndld flats}
& mi i ti rooms and bath eAch; Mtun\<
inUr,i street, conerett walk, brick
foundation; near Uuoh and Uouch; lot
aoxou.
IH.ihvw Wp WA nt mi utter: a »le* ant new mft4«
?rn u»*to»d.Ni» ftstt on California. »l ,
near Hyde: rent* llSiK) i*r ye&rr thU
<• • r-HrUiiH Inside Investment.
jruxio- .!n-M\v *t. near Bsnehei: boy-window
pottae* of T roemfc, bath, basement,
«te.j Ict26xli4.
$13,60o— Lagiuia M.,"8wTe©rner Valltjo; mod-
ern t-Mldrne* of i& rooms, bath, fur*
n«ee, «>tc.; price reduced to make lm-
mediate tale.
13.000— Ca«elll av<?., nt?sr Douglass et. nnd
ElRhieenth-et. electric cars: lot 25x02,
two-story hou#e of & rooms and bath.
$3,500 — Guerrero et.. near Market and Thlr*
teenth; lot 25x{>0; rents $23; 2-story
house. •
$20.000— Rents $170 ner month; pays 8 per cent
net; new building of 3 handsome flats;
a permanent Investment.
$2,000 — Choice building lot, suitable for Hats;
« alnut St., near Sacramento.
j $12.5C0-Scott st.: Income $102 50 per month;
lot 55x137 :«; 2 separate dwellings and
; z nata; Imsrovements In good contli-
i tion.
j ¦ .
j $6.000— Downtown inside property, on Larkln
m.« , 2 ;! ton ! residence; lot 30x
flats D t0 bUild 3 8we11
$12.000-Prlce reduced from $13,500; prominent
northeast business corner on Haleht
ft- -° l 25x100; store and rooms be-
J-o^t' «i s £ nny ba >'- w lndow flats above;
rent* I10S0 per annum; never vacant,
, as rents are very low and can be eas-
1 lly Increased.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
¦¦ 10 Montgomery st.
! SUNSET LOTS, ~ !
! On X P H SI I E , NEW PARK ENTRANCE.
¦ Gate £rl- 6leC i rl< ;u Car and '«mun« Golden
i boulevard " CW Nin «« e nth-«ive.
¦' ° n ,? fflcIal trades; macadam-
i5ol f P k sI<Sew alks, gas and water service.
' Can o "7 » dvanc ed for building purposes.
dav« <?,^ at ° U J J 5 ™" 011 ofnee. onan week
Im^V ays and holl< la>^. corner H st. and
asw« hT'U 60ut V f Golden Gate Pa^. and
asK to be shown these beautiful lots
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
- 10 Montgomery st.
115 LOTS 77! • 11* t.OT<!
. AT THE P6'f HERO." " " ' S
PRICES • ¦
Mnv«r«T ,* 250 AND UPWARDS.
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER.
««^??f -7i CtO P'- Su<rar Rennery and lands
T^emv^L^T S *£ tSi Fe RalIroa d. located on
TnrtT^= -th'*?. Missouri. Texas. MUslsslppi.
Indiana and Minnesota sts
t t BU ™ B P ORE PRJ CES ARE RAISED.
Ta^ Third -st. car, pet off at Kentucky and
2Si - BALDWIN & HOWELL.
. 10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 MONTGOMERY ST
SAX FRANCISCO
PAYS 6 PER CENT NET.
Fine modern brick building; rent can be
raised when tenants' lease expires; near Mar-
ket St.; lot 50x137:6; price $120,000; a nne in-
vestment: quick sale desired: the best and
cheapest investment in the market
FOR FLATS. .
A northeast corner on Ellis st.. with key lot '
sr&fi ffi s^»i here>e your ch " ce
SHRADER ST.
rents S k^ : p^e K,™ 5 "* ° r °° mS:
COLE' ST.
EHegant new modern flats, finely built. 6
. rooms each: rents .$70: price *775O
_; A SNAP.
Two cozy flats on Vallejo st., near Hyde; 3
I and 4 room*; in gor>d condition; street work
accepted: level block: only $2250
' CHEAP LOT.
! On Seventeenth st.. near Diamond; bltumin-
Ized: cheapest lot In the Mission. ' UJlu "»"
i _, ' PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
I Fine S-room cottage on N. side of street and
key lot; owner anxious to Mil; price $0000
• >¦ WAI.LER-ST. HOME. ¦
Near Scott; 2-story and basement, 7 rooms
and bath; lot 30x110; price $5250.
VALLEJO-ST. LOT.
«/vJ. .Sl'v° Bt> nc>ar B aker; marine view lot;
C3:10xl3,:8; a bargain: jirice only $3500."
¦- ¦ VERY CHEAP.
Two lots on Twentieth st.. between Church
und Sanchez; sunny side; 25x114 each; only
SMK) each.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
House of 7 rooms and bath: on Bush St..
near Broadway: lot 25x137:0: price $-J."*>0.
. MISSION FLATS. ,
Two flats of 4 and 5 rooms on Twenty-flrst
St.; lot 25x100; rents »28; price $3300.
NEAR THB CHUTES.
Lot on Eighth ave.; 2«:2xl20: price $1000.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
Presidio Height*: send for list.
SCOTT ST.
Lot on Scott et.. between McAllister and
Fulton; 23x106:3: price $2750. ¦ '
RICHMOND LOTS.
Send for our plats of Richmond lots; sold
on terms If desired. Lots on Sixth ave., be-
tween .Lake and the Presidio line, $650 each.
I MISSION COTTAGES.
: Send for list of cheap Mission cottages and
lots.
i McAFEE BROTHERS.
! 108 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
i VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. »
27:6x137:6 — N. line Turk, near Taylor.
$16.000 — Vallejo et.. near Mason: 38:3Ux
I 138:6 with L 39:2%x76:«; 6 front and 11 rear
j flats: rents $150.
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear st.;
house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats; rents $64.
$7500— Cor. 20th and Dolores; 77:6x105; old
improvements.
?S250 — Hayes, near Buchanan; 27x95; 3 fatB'
rents *67.
$6750 — Green, nr. Dupont: 20x137:6: new 3-
story building and' rear house; rents $66.
$5000— Union place, near Green St.; 20x58:9;
2 houses: rent ?41.
$5000 — Leavenworth st., near Union- •'Sx
112:6: 3 new flats; rent $53.
S47S0 — Mason, near Sacramento; flats; rents
$41 50.
$4500— Corner Twenty-sixth and Capp; 30x65;
2 houses; rents $31.
$4250— Fell, near Devisadcro; 25x137:6; house
of 7 rooms and bath..
UNIMPROVED.
$17.000 — Eansome. nr. Green; R3:Gxf37:6.
. California, near Webster: 3 lots: each 25x
137:6
Corner Buchanan and Pine. 55x81:3; 2 lots
ffiOOO— Green, near Polk; 80x115.
tSTiOfl — Greenwich., near Taylor: 45:10x137:6.
. $5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 87 -6x
102 :SV 4 .
Corner Nineteenth ave. and Clement St.- 200
xl2O.
$3500 — Fulton St.." near Fillmore: 32:6x137:6.
Corner/25th and Point Lobos: 48:0x100
$3000— Clay, near Lynn; 27:6x100; key lot
$2500— Steiner. near Waller; 25x01:6
$2150— Union st., near Webster: 34:4t4x
*2ono — Elizabeth, near DIsmono: 51:8x114
slOOO — Sanchez, near Eighteenth: 25xin.%
$85 a front foot— Mission, nr. Twenty-elirhth
4(io lots, ?200 to $400; terms easy? electric
road causes.
WRIGHT * EWELl! ~ ~ ~~
y Real Estate and Financial Aitents.
Loans. Inxursnce 31« Montgomery nt
$2.750— House of 0 rooms and bath: modern
sunny; near Union and Fillmore st'
- cars; easy terms.
$4,600— McAllister «t.. went of Lyon; lot 2.'»x
137:6: store. 2 flats and house in rear;
rents $40: a snap.
$«,000 — Lot on the corner of Vallejo anil
Pierce sts. ; larite area.
$0.000— Lot 75x122:0: Folsom St.. between
Seventeenth and Eighteen; very de-
sirable.
$10.000— Octavla st. near O'Farrell: Iot*30xll0
with fine modern house of 14 rnnmii
end 2 baths; furnace; rents $75 n*r
month: a flne buy.
$11.500 — Dw»il!np house of 8 rooms and bath
with servants' quarters: large lor N*
¦l<3« nf Washington Kt.. near Webiter'
$12.000-Lot 65x127 :8W, on Pacific ave.. >ait of
$20,000 — Ilf autlful home on Burhiinan st n»ar
Broadwsy; lot 35x109; richly flrHohp,!
In polld oak and Spanish - cedar- 7
Isrge rooms and baths; marine view"
sun In every room of the house '
$30.000— Magnificent marine view dwp||| n g on
Jackson St.. near Franklin; large lot-
«n aristocratic neighborhood: thorouihl
ly built up and settled. l " or °«Rn-
$30.000— A beautiful Sutter-st. residence nrar
Van Ness ave.
$43,500 — Magnificent site In the Western A<mi
tlon: size 120x137:6; 3 frontages- fun
partlculars.at the office. "
$50,000 — N. side of Rutter St., east of Mniw
large lot:, full depth; Improved
GKO. A. RAYMOND, • Mills building 7
Suffer st., flats; north side: very desirable ;
$10,000. i . .
Wlllard «t. south of Park; dainty home on
College Heights: new and up-to-date; 6 rooms
bath, etc.; $3750; easy terms. '
Belmont ave.. cor. Woodland ave. ; artistic
home on College Heights: Just finished; 8
rooms, bath, etc.: flne views; beautifully shel-
tered; $4000; easy terms.
See my list of properties from Sausallto to
San Rafael; oa line of new "North shore elec-
tric railroad" under heading of Country- Real
Estate. .
GEO. A. RAYMOND. Mills building.
Room 2. Seventh Floor.
FOR sale — Fine house; modern Improvements.
1711 Broderick St., bet. Bush and. Pine. '
$1150 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath. See
owner on place, 1C22 10th ave.. Sunset Dlst.
UK AL KSTATB—CITy-jyOR H AI.H.
EA8TON, ELDRIDOB & CO,, ~*
»38 MARKET BT,
AUCTION,
AUCTION.
AUCTION
TUCenAV, . ; ', % Ma r? h i, iota
At Our Palenroom, No, ftia Market 8«, ¦ r
At 18 O'clock Noen,
¦ PRE8ICIQ HEiailrS MANSION.
K«« tide tau> Ppruee *t.. «T;SU feet north
of tlfiy; an eUgsnt n*w modem r*il»1enee H
roem* and b«tthi unexeelled marine viewj rtnli
#W l'*r nlonth; lot HOxlOTiU,f^t,
MODERN WKSTERnTdDITION FLATS.
Seuth «ld(i;(Nt», 4m».40ttti) Oak et., flo'teat
*«>»i of Lagnna; tw© elegain modern round
b*y«window flau »J-T rooms, poroielaln tubs,
fte., ana two flats, 4 roemi en<l bath each, «n
Lily ay«.i.Knu »10n .per months lot fiTittxiao
through te Lily ftve, •
' . < POST BTttBBT PLATB,
TO CLOSI2 AN ESTAT13. > o
North niii» <Na. 2544) i'ost st,. 17^ t**t wett
Of Baker; two sut.rutit.nl. well built flats S
rooms etch and a t^ar house, 4 rooms; rents
$33 per tnunth; lot 23xia*t6 reet.
I PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
South side (No. n.13.1) Washington St., 6StO
feet east of Walnut; One large elegant two-
etory dwelling:. 10 rooms and bath; hardwocd
floors; fine conservatory, etc.; excellent marine
view; lot 34:4%xl27:8Vi feet.
SECOND STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY'.
Southwest corner of Second st. . and Park
Lane north and between Bryant arid Brannan
ets. ; Improvements consist of a two-story
frame building, 1.1 rooms and bath; .basement
and brick foundation; large lot, 45:<ixO3 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southwest side (Nos. 124 to 126) Junlrer st ,
250 feet southeast of Harrison; four well-built
fiats, :{ rooms each; rents $40 per month; lot
25x85 feet. •
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southeast Corner of Twenty-eighth and
Church sts.; two stores with' 4 living rooms and
flat above 8 rooms and bath; rents $50 per
month; lot 26:6x75 feet. ¦ • . J
. FILLMORE STREET BUILDING LOT.
East line of Fillmore st., 24 feet south of
Waller; a desirable building lot, suitable for
store and fiats; lot 24x81:3 feet.
I HOWARD STREET LOT. !
I East side of Howard St.. 215 feet north of
1 Twenty-first : a flne large lot in. a 'very desira-
i ble neighborhood ; street work all done; lot 25
xl22:6 feet. •
BAT VIEW HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Four large lojs on Vancouver and Guada-
loupe sts.. 150 feet north of Santee; four lar~e
lots tunning through from Vancouver to Guad-
aloupe; lots 75x100 feet each. . .
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY.... March 11, 1002
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market St.,
At 12 O'clock Noon.
GOUGH-ST. CORNER MANSION. '
Northeast corner (No. 1100) Gough and Ellis
sts.; a flne, large, elegant modern residence
14 rooms, finished attic; modern plumbing, etc.;
sun and light In every room; corner lot. 55x
103:1^. .
DOWN TOWN IMPROVED PROPERTY.
South side of Sherwood st. (Nos. 9 to 15A in-
clusive), 100 east of Third st. and north side
of Natoma st. (Nos. 20-22), 140 feet east of
Third st.; ten tenements in good condition,
renting for $912 per annum and always rented;
this property has a frontage of CO feet on Sher-
wood st. and a frontage of 20 feet on Natoma,
and being 110 feet In depth.
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
South side of O'Farrell st.. 16T.:6 feet east
of Larkin; a fine lot suitable for high class
flats; only 10 minutes' walk from Market St.;
if property improved will pay 12 per cent:
! present old improvements rent for $50 per
, month; lot 25x137:6 feet. .
BRYANT-ST. CORNER.
Northeasterly corner of Bryant st. and Stan-
ley place, east of Second St., Nos. 33e-33S-340-
342 Bryant st. ; Nos. 37-45,47 Stanley place,
and Nos. 1-2-3 Stanley court; r.tore aim threw
cottages on Bryant st., two-story house and iwo
flats on Stanley place, two flats and cottage on
Stanley court; bringing: In a rental of $1401
per annum: corner lot 87:6x100 feet..
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
South side (No. 1970) O'Farrell st,, 87:6 feet
east of Scott; modern, well-built houee tt rooms
and bath; key lot, 27x49 feet.
BRANNAN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
' Southeast line (Nos 409A to 400B) Brannan,
75 feet west of Third St.; new modern three- j
story frame building containing a 1 store. with
6 rooms and two flats, 0-6 rooms and bath; lot
30:6x75 feet. .
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 1077) Page et.. 82:6 feet
east of Broderick; modern residence. S rooms.
and porcelain bath, etc.; key lot, 25x87:6 feet.
SEVENTH-ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
East side (No. 647) Seventh .St., 275 feet
south of Bryant: improvements, two houses;
rents nominal; lot 25x85 feet. ¦
ALSO
East side (Nos. 551-553) Seventh st.. 300 feet
I south of Bryant; Improvements, two houses;
rents nominal ; lot 25x85 feet.
MISSION BUSINESS LOT.
West side of Church St.. 57 feet north of
Twenty-sixth; nne large lot; level and ready
tor Gilding ELDR IDGE &^C0.,
' 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
JTS.OOa-Gran^^rner^o^ Market _£_ near
this lot is only short distance from
the proposed passenger terminus of
' the new railroad and will double In
value in the next few years; it would
pay big If improved with a modern
hotel or apartment house.
$20,000— Jones st.. near Golden Gate ave.; 2
modern houses, 10-11 rooms and bath;
rents $1440 per annum; lot ,30xS2:6
, ££ V -
$17 000 Must' be sold; make offer; well im-
' proved northwest corner in the heart
of the best business portion of North
Beach: substantial » Improvements:
consist of store and 7 flats 4-5 rooms
and bath each; rents $1800 per annum.
%16 000 Two elegant flats of 7-12 rooms on
Van Ness ave., near Broadway; mod-
ern, well built: rents $1260 per annum;
lot 20x95 feet.
tisooo Three 'modern flats of 7-8-8 rooms and
bath and rear house of 7 rooms and
bath, on Pine st.. near Hyde-st. cars;
• • present low rentals pay $1140 per
annum; should pay at least $1700 per
annum; largre lot 34:4V4xia7:6 feet.
$12.500 — Three modern flats 5-6-7 rooms and
bath, on Grove St., near Gough. and
4 well-built flats on Ivy ave.: rents
$1500 per annum; flne large lot 27 : fix
. _ 120 feet.
$11,500 — Rents for $1380 per annum: 8 new
1 modern flats of 0-0-7 rooms and bath
on the north side of Page *t., near
Park Panhandle; lot 25x137:0 feet;
' this is thn blKffe«t bargain In the Pan-
' handle district.
$7,750— Two modern flats «-7 rooms and bath;'
north side of Sutter St., near Devlsa-
dero; every modern convenience; sani-
tary plumbing; porcelain baths, elec-
tric lighting, etc.; rents $840 per an-
', num; fine large lot 34x100 feet,
$0000— Modern 2-story houss 7 rooms and batn
on Clsy st., near Fillmore; key lot.
25x137:0 feet.
$3,300— A cory well-built cottage' of 0 rooms
and bath; on Lyon st., near Pine;
lot 25:«xi)3:9 fect.<
$2,500 — Two well-built flats 4-5 rooms and
bath, on Groen St., near Larkln; rents
$240 per annum.
$1 000— Lot north side of D st., near Four-
teenth nvo. ; this lot fronts Golden
Gate Park and the electric cars pass
the door; size 25x100 feet.
EA8TON.. ELDRIDGE &' CO., '
638 Market st.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$11,000— Business property; Sacramento st
near Drumm: rent nominal; will rent well if
Improved.
$6250 — Octavia St., near Broadway; modern
hou«, 8 rooms; flne bay, view; good neighbor-
hood, '<8»WP* 1
$11,500— Geary-st. Investment, near Octavia;
large lot; improved;. rented low; $930 per an-
num;' lot worth the price; choice location for
modern flats. . >.\ \
$11,000— New flats: Broderick, near Grove; 6,
6, 7 roomt.; rents $1175 per annum. \
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth st., near Green;
50xG0; clofe to Hyde or Union street cars; will,
pay well If Improved.
$3100— Lot on south side of. Chestnut st.,
west. of. Hyde; 27:6x110; flne view ofibay. ;
$3500— Lot on Greenwich St., near Hyde;
48x137; superb view, of bay.
$2000 — Lot on Fourth ave., near Point Lobos;
60x120; street -sewered, macadamized; will di-
vide; make offer. ¦ • . : .V .
$t)500 — Lot on south side of Jackson Bt., near.
Walnut: 50x100: near cars and Presidio.-. ••' x .-
HAWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st. .
RICHMOND 'lots for sale at" great bargain; 3
large lots. Twenty-sixth and Point • Lobos
ave. Apply to owner, JOHN McDERMOTT.
1020 Mission st. -.
RICA I. E8TATIS-— CITY— FOR SALE.
8HAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
RKAL. K8TATH AGENTS,' '
aiS-2J«i Montgomery tt.
Wa desire to notify the- buvtnr nubllo that
we have u number of Hret>oUss investments
under cuntraot «t very low figures, I'rlntMpala
may call and set full particular*.
* « ' ¦' ¦ ¦ .'it I
I42SO— pe\ laadero *t,, near Bush i lot. ready
t(VPviUd. an;aSxlOrt feet! a. harealn,
.tlO.WkWVMVe repldenee; 11 reemt and.bathj
be«t tertian «f MUulani l«t 80xU4 feet,
«13,iift(V— Ui^bh tt./nwi 1 Beetti « new artintla
.. reiiUlenee, Just nnlihedj t'untain* la
rwiiiB ami two baths: every metisrn
Imprevementi lot UMxlOTiU t&v, iiermlt
frem elttcei we else have a few other
nrBt-elats rt»»iil#nv' i e§ Ju»t nni^hed or
In eour^ef eonutruetten, .
$13,000— Wathlnfton st., near WebMer? med«m
reBhlene* et 0 reomu and bath; b»au»
, tiiully HttuaUdi large let, 4Tite0auTl
$U,400"8utte»' it,, n^ar Leavenworth! frame
dwelling of 10 I'oonis and bath; lot
' S^x«s:l» feet; one or the few pUpen
fer eale on this street at this ngure. '
*14,ooi>— iwvtEotlero stv, near Uroadwhyi u new
1 nat^ jiut flniBhrdt u ( n I'ooitts and
both; very latest Improvements {lot
£tt:!lxlltt feet; rent *14O.
$S0CO — Leavenworth .-St.,- near Washlngtbu;
fine two-story residence ot 8 rooms
and bath; lot 424xl.TT-iU feet.
$6000^Market St., near Sanchea, fine lot;
2":SxllO feet.
$6000— Mission tst., near Sixteenth; store and
flat above ot 6 rooms and bath; In Al
condition; rents $540 per annum; lot
2">xS0 feet.
$6600 — Vallejo st., near Laguna: nne bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and
bath: very latest Improvements; rents
for $42 50; lot 22:6x107:0 feet. •
$8200— AVood ward ave., near Fourteenth st. :
three modern ilats,- 6, 7" rooms 'and
bath; rent's $73; lot 25x65 feet; ¦¦ flne
investment. •¦ • -.
$6500— Zoe St., between Third and. Fourth,
Bryant and brannan; frame tene-
ments; all rented; In Al condition;
pays $04 monthly or over It per cent;
one of the best bargains offered south
of Market st.
$S50 — Twenty-firit St., near Potrero ave.; a
lot 25x70 feet; all street work done;
this price Is very much below market
values. ¦ ' .
$21,000— Larkin st., near City Hall; lot 50x87:6
feet; cheap. . . . . • ¦
$23,000— Pacific ave., north line, near Octavla:
. . residence It rooms and two baths; ma-
, . rlne view; cannot be taken away; lot
35x133 feet.
$7750 — Fillmore St., near Sacramento; trana-
', fer point; two-story house of 8. rooms
and bath; rents $f>0; lot 25x00:6 feet.
$7500 — Leavenworth st., near Broadway; -four
2-story houses in good condition; rents
$54; lot SOxGO feet. • • ... "
$3000 — The cheapest And best building lot in
the Western Addition; north "Fide Clay
• St.. near Lyon; 27:0x100 feet. .
$12,500 — Income property; close to water front;
rents $07 50; pays 8 per cent net. /
$6000 — California-st. residence of 10 rooms
and bath; rents - $50; tenant pays
- .water; lot 24x100 feet.
$12,500 — Grove Bt.,' near Larkin; lot .30x120
with fine building of store and two
upper floors; rents $45; one block from
City Hall.
$11,500— Post St., sunny Bide, near Larkin; sub-
• ¦ , stantial 2-Ktory houce of 10 rooms and
bath:. rent $60; lot 24:0*120 feet to rear
1 - street. .?¦-•¦• • . \ -
$2950 — 3649 Twenty-first •• St.. near Church;
modern artistic cottage of 7 rooms and
batn; large lot, 50 feet front by 114
feet; grand view of the city; a positive
I ' bargain; must be sold.
$6000 — Devisaderp-st. flats, near Kills; present
¦ ' ' rents $40; could be largely Increased if
a little money was spent on the build.
Ing; lot 25x00 feet; lot alone '.worth
price asked for the property.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties ;
for sale.
. ' SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
. 218-220 Montgomery St., Mills bldg.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.,
Opp. Kearny. Real Estate Agents and
Rent Collectors.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS
$100.000— Corner; 275x137:6: splendid improve-
ments; rented at $<!00 per month.
$70,000 — Reduced from $80,000; corner, 75x75,
within one-third block from Market
' ' st. and close to Hibernla Rank: stores
and lodBinK-house; best investment
. off Market et. ; must be sold.
$65,000 — Geary. st.. hear Stockton: 2 frontages;
no better Inside buy; 1VS blocks from
Market st.
$55,000— Half block from Orpheum. 1 blocK
from proposed Crocker Hotel and
new Flood building; stores and lodg-
ing-houses.
$10,000 — Geary-tt. corner: lot 87:6x137:6; very
substantial improvements; ronts $253;
pays 7 per cent net.
$10,000— Pansome-Ft.. corner; 08:0x137:6: nom-
. , Inal Improvements; rents $212 50;
want offer. ; .
$.15,000 — McAUIster-st. corner: 83x08: good
Improvements: rent $220.
$30.000 — Fine buslnern corner: 3 stores and 6
flats; bulldlriK cost $25,000; lot 68:0x
71; rents $2450 per yerir.
$25,000— Post-st. corner, near Taylor; sijorea.
. > basement and 2 floors ah.ove; .rents
very low at $134.
$11,000 — Modern flats: near Hyde and Sutter
• ets. : rents $f)0.
$9,000 — Rents *103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
. $5,500 — Geory-st. corner: 62 feet frontage;
one-half of property Improved; a
cheap buy.
$•5,000—50 feet frontage; fiats near Sixth st.;
¦ - rents $66.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000— Modern Jackson-st. residence, 12
rooms and baths; rent $100.
$5,000 — Golden Gate ave.; 10 rooms and
bath; lot 25x137:6.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY^
$37,500 — Turk St.. close to Larkln: 87x137:0: '
splendid site for apartment house. '
$35,000 — 170x160; suitable for manufacturing '
. .purposes; 3 frontages; mortgage $2G,- !
000; Mission st. ' j
$30,000—137:6x128: northwest corner; Gough. '
St.; marine and panoramic view;
choice residence site. ¦ j
$15.000 — McAllister st., close to Fillmore: 75x !
137:6. ¦ :. ¦ !
. $5,000—100x100; 1 block from Golden Gate I
, «A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
1 0. D. BALDWIN & SON. • f\
22. Montgomery street. '
$8,500 — Rents $978 per annum; 3 flne flats of i
6, 7 and 8 rooms and bath each: Jack-
son at.. Pacific Heights: a first-class !
investment. . ¦• ¦¦ ,
$2,100 — Corner of Francisco and Jones sts.; 5
lots, only 10 steps from Montgomery'
ave.; $2100 for all.
$8,000 — Rents $75; two flats, north side Sutter'
6 and 7 rooms and bath: lot 34xlO» :
$23,000 — Rents $130; Hyde St.. near Geary: f<0x
87:6: Rood Improvements: grand loca- '
tlon for lodging-house or apartment- •
house. ¦
$25,000— Leavenworth St., near Clay; 77:flx '
137:6: elegant Improvements, $2160 per I
annum: tenants pay water nnd repairs I
$11,500 — Rents SlOSO.per annum: fiOxSO and a!
fln« two-s»ory ' bay-window houses; |
modern and up-to-date; Guerrero st., !
near Seventeenth, ;
$3,000 — Mission, near 2ilth; 25x87, and good
two-story bulldlnp. with store and 'A I
rooms below and flat of J) rooms and i
bath above; right at the transfer cor-
ner; house alone cost $4R00; a decided
bsrraln. •
$23.000 — Hyde, near Geary: 50xR7:fl; Just " the
place for apartment house or hotel:
present improvements rent for about
$120. ., , • /
$6,500— Whole 50-vara lot. l.T7:«x137:rt:
cor. Iximbard and Buchanan; strejrt bl-
tumtnlzed and accepted; lot on grade.
$2,f>00 — Very cheap lot; Scott, wost side, be-
tween Hayes and Fell; only one bloclc
from Alumo square; street accented:
size 25x100.
$24,000— Rents $155 per month; good improve-
ment; choice business corner; 80x80;
best business street in the Mission.
$13,000 — Rents $1321) per annum; marine, view,
flats of <1, 7 and I) rooms and hath
each: new, modern, up-to-date; kitch-
en In the middle of the house; dining-
room finished In quartered oak; hard-
.:;• wood floors; 'these rents can : be In-
creased to $130 per month. .
$15,000 — Grand piece of Inside property; 2 cor-
ners and 3 frontages; over 250 feet of
frontages; good building; renting about
$200 per month; a choice Investment.
E. H. LANGB & CO.,
- ' . „„ ' 20 Montgomery st. i
$23,250 — Rents $135 per month; Golden Gate
/, Sats; ToTesfoST &. ! ?,&£?"?
$37,500— Ellis St., near Taylor: 3-story build-
ing, consisting of 36 rooms 'with a 4
years' lease: rent $250 per month; lot
$16,750— Bryant-st. corner. 1 block from Sec-
,.->•• ¦ ond; store and houses; rent $110 ner
: month; lot 87:6x110. * ***
$9,000— Page st., near Clayton: 2 new modem
•„.¦:. round bay-window flats. 7 rooms and
bath each: lot 27:6x137:6.
,' .UNIMPROVED. ,
'.^OpO-rNorthwert corner ¦ of Fell and.Fillmore
$1,750— Carl' St.; near Cole; 6 lots 25x137-6 '
¦ .•/, E. H. LANGE & CO.," ' »'
"¦¦'' . ... ¦ ' "6 Montgomery st.
JACOB HEYMAN CO.,'. . ¦ . .
. 117 SUTTER STREET."
We have a way by which all the money "you
now throw away renting a home 1 can be saved-
it costs you no, more monthly, and after a few
years you own a home; two more new modern
5 and 6 room cottages in the Heyman Tract
that can be 'had for your rent money MR'
COTTER, 113 Hoffman ave.. -resident agent
• Elmhurst .lots — 23x115,' fifty ¦ dollars - ($50)-
five dollars ($5)' down, two dollars ($2) ner
month; facing railroad; finely located
Lots In all parts of the city; interview us • •
Also two new,! 6 room and bath houses, oppo^
site :.the terminus of Valencia st • Just com
pleted. JACOB .HEYMAN CO.. f™ ;
, : '.117- Sutter st. ,
HEAL ESTATE— C1TV— FOR SALI9.
O. H. UMRSEN & CO.,
It MONTOOMEJRY BT.
REAL ESTATK.
$45.000— Rents $S35 per month; Eddy si. In-
aide Van Ness ave.; 6 elegant flats,
nearly new, of 0 rooms and bath; large
lot, t£xl£O; two frontage*.
$:> (hkw. k, My lytKi i>er month; a chote* rlece
on »*olk st.; « stores and flats above;
large let; 78 fert front.
$34.000— Choi ot corner on Van Ness •N'e, ; pld
improvements; rent* nominal; If prop.
erly Improved weuld yield handsomp-
1>: Ure* UH, «t»xi«7.
$5fl.f«v— Hrntii t«w \tt m<»nth: chotee corner,
frftiittni r«rk i\iiiliniuiii»; 7 new, mod>
wii «at» f>f 7-8 room* *nd bath ©achj
MtUdtl}' l*nt<4,
$21.000— n^ntii $U^ i^r month; • tholce down,
town «H»infr; tnvjirovrm«>nt» a thj^*-
«ory and battmcni brick buildlnu*;
BT^JxtO. - -
$ltt.ti(HV-n«-iitn tuxz W> rrr month; cheic* cor*
twt <in BUtrrnth tct.t 3 storfi, 3 tUll
cf 7 nwnji nnd bath «*th, and two*
Ft pry hou*r of o room* «hd bath;
brick fnundntlou, rip.; .tOktxi,
fl4.000— Hmtp *11N month: ttydp !«»., hear But-
ter; 3 mpw linV'W-inttow nsts of 0-T
t-<Him!« iind'baih rrich: £riis«:O; two
frontaprp.
114.000— Item* $100 per month: Howard et.,
ricsr Fourth: a wpll-bullt four-story
, /and baupmcnt bulldtns;. constc-tlng of
vtore and lodgtng-houFe; frtradlly
rented.
$10,000 — Hayes Ft., nrnr PtPlner. and close to
Alamo Square; a new bay-window
restdrnce of 1T> rooms nnd bath; hand-
¦omrly finished; 25x137:0; key lot; sun
all day.
fS.OOi)— KcntP $7S per month; 3 new flats of 6
rooms and hath «>ach: on Folsom St..
near Thirteenth: 23x96.
$7.000— Rents y«i2 M per month, which con
rradily be increased; Folsom St.. nfar
Twolfth; a Rood, substantial three-
etory building, consisting of stoie and
2 flats: separate entrances; this loca-
tion is rapidly improving and becom-
ing: desirable property
$6,500— Rents $47 R0 per month; Lyon st.. nr.
Park Panhandle; two well-built bay-
window flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each; *>riek foundation, etc.; 25x100.
$6,250^ — New residence of 9 rooms and bath;
facing Park Panhandle; 25x137:0; a
bargain.
$6,000 — Devisadero Ft., near Haight; desir-
able two-Ftory bay-window residence
of 8 rooms and bath: brick foundation,
etc.; key lot; pun all day; 25x125.
$6,000 — Rents $55 per month: Thirteenth St..
close to Duboce Park: 3 well-built
flats: steadily rented: 25x110.
$4,500— Haight tt.. near Baker; two-story,
bay-window residence, of S rooms and
bath; nicely el«?vated and command-
ing a fine" view; 2?sl20; this is a
snap
$3,750— Rents S^2 50; Sacramento st., near
Leavenworth: 2 flats of ft-6 rooms anj
bath each; In pood ord»r.
$3,600— Rents $34 per month: Clementina st-:
two substantial houses of 6 rooms and
bath each with house In the rear;
$3,100— Rents $3S per month; Clara Bt.; 3
flats 4-5-5 room each.
$2 100 A new cozy baj--window cottage of 5
rooms and bath; near Mlssion-st. car
line; 25x100.
Call or write for our Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for eale in all
parts of the city.
Latest Pocket Maps of San Francisco. 25c.
G. H. CKBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery St..
Real Estate.
BOARDMAX BROTHERS & CO..
138 Montgomery Bt.
$40,000 — Near Fremont and Mission sts.: 45:10
xl37:6: old improvements; paying
$135; splendid price for a turn.
J30.50O— -Clay Ft., near water front: good brick
. ¦improvements: ?16O « month: large lot.
$25.000 — Xcrth side of California et.: lot lOOx
12T:Si«. with 4 very substantial build-
raps of 2 flats each: plans made for
alteration into 12 elegant flats: pay-
ing- over 1 per cent a month net.
$25,000 — Tenth s-t. cor.; large lot; flne improve-
ments: paying over ?200 per month.
515,000 — Down-town flats; new; $142.50 per
month; always rentea. . ;
$11,000— Hyde Ft., cor.' Pacific; 2 houses; cor- |
ner store and vacant let for flats; pay-
ing now 7*4 per cent net; lot 45:10x
137:6.
£9,750— faeramento st.. near Hyde; 5 flats:
always rented: paying close to 10 per
cent net; no better investment on the i
market.
$6,000— <J olden Gate ave., north fide, near ,
Central ave.; 3 nice flats; rent $50. ,
$24. 0<Vi— Beautiful modern Pacific Heights resi- )
denre 14 rooms & 2 baths; NW. cor. j
fS.5O<» — Fill mere st. near Page: hajidsome 12-
roi'm re*id^pce; large lot: a snap. i
$7,500 — Page Ft.. ir%»r Wei.ster: comfortable i
11 -room lious*; a Fplendid buy.
56.000 — Beautiful C-roora rottage; Presidio
Heights; superb location; large, lot;
r-H*;y terms.
$S.C%o— Hardy el., near 17th: flne 7-room
house; concrete basement: 25x80.
$3.»."iO — Coi.-irortabl" S-r-wm ec-ttae* en Second
ave., near Point I.obos.
fT,rrf>0— Fell M.; beautiful NW. corner: ROx97.
$B,(io<>— l':ipe *t.. near Buchanan; 50x137:0.
$4,500— YVrbftter ft., near California: 30x100. !
s-i ;.. i;, — .ll-foot lot: Broadway, near Franklin.
5~.nr.:> — Bush Ft., near Lacuna: 27>£-foot lot; \
nne (or flats.
$3.2<k"i — Marine view lot; Cherry et., near
Jackson: 31:10x117 feet.
J2.O00— Cheip: Presidio Heipht*: lot 23x102.
BCURDMAX BROTHERS & CO..
¦ 13S Montgomery st.
IiOVEE. TOY & SONNTAG. ' -
REAL ESTATE AT3EXTS
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
Charge Taken of Property.
C24 MARKET STREET.
5S000— Golden Gate ave., nesr Octavla: 2-
ftorv residence containing 14 rooms and bath;
lot ::7:Cxl2O feet; rent $05 per month.
$11.000— Eddy st-. near Lacuna; 2 modern
flats and 2 rear houses; lot 25:Uxl20 feet,
through to rear etreet; rents $78 50 per month.
JS500 — Choice SE. corner on Eddy et., near
Fillmore; size 2SxlO0 feet; consisting of store
and flats; rents $70 per month.
$G5O0 — Fell st.. near Buchanan; improve-
ment* consirting of flats and residence; lot
27:0x320 feet; rents $CO per month. . .
514,500 — Steiner St.. near Post; eix choice !
flats; rents $117 50 per month..
1 10, 000— Broderick st.. near Hayes; 3 new
flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100 ,
leet: rents $07 50 per month.
j77f>0 — Fir.e residence on Washington St.,
near Fillmore: containing 12 rooms and bath.
$3125 — Franklin St., near Vallejo: elegant
building lots; size 25x110 feet.
$6500 — Green St., near Gough; a modern 9-
100m residence; lot 25x137:6 feet.
.$4500 — Steiner St.. near Ellis; residence con-
taining 7 rooms and ba:h: In fine condition.
$4000 — Twelfth ave., near Ciersen* st.. new
cottage containing 6 rooms and bath: large
xtable; lot 50x120 feet.
$4000-^ Waller et., near Park; lot 50x100 fj.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOT & SOXN'TAG. 624 Market.
' . ~T
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. *
We offer choicest lots at lowest prices.
Don't delay! VTe can potltvely suit you.
S100 to S400 — Ocean Boulevard lots; graded
and fenced; $5 monthly.
$500 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset lots; all
rradfcd; rplendld demand; wonderful Improve-
ments; (10 monthly.
Eunset Branch Office, Ninth ave., near H. st
$400 to fROO— Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mis-'
#lon-tt. electric cars; perfect barralns: Inspect
them and you will admit It; (5 monthly.
11000. $1MK) to $2T<00— Modem cottages; all
bargains; choice loi-atlonf ; easy terms.
•BOL OirrZ A BROTHER.
Room r.t. Chronicle building.
$75.000 — STORES and flat*; income $7000 per
annum.
$50.000 — Market st. : brick building.
j:;r,<Mio — stores and flats; W. A.; rent $200
7>«*r month.
*20.O00 — Inside business pty.: rent $150 mo.
?3R, owi— Well Improved: 4th «t.; bus. corner.
tnvr.o— Three new flat*: W. A.': rent $97 f»0.
K3r>fiO — »w oottasre. « rms.; 14th St.. nr. Noe.
$32.V> Two flatu of 4-5 rooms and stable;
near Market and 17th sts; street accepted.
$2.VjO— Castro, nr. JRth; store; lot 25x125.
ttO.ooo— Lefpe corner on Fillmore et
tSfiOfi_p eK^ et., nr. Central; R0xl37:6.
>¦»«. ¦!'• i.-,i-ui;a-Ft. corner: 96x137:6.
$1000 — Golden Gate ave.; lot 25x100.
$500— Five lots; Gift Map No. 2.
JEROME ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery st.
A. E. CT'CKINGHAM../. ....REAL ESTATE.
28 Monifcrrmery et., room Jl.
Rent* oolle< ted; full charge taken ot property.
$2,500— Wry cheap property: lot 30x100: near
Sixteenth and Mi*: Ion Bts.
$1«..V»O— Three very etyllnh new sunny flats, 9
rooms: choice location; rents $150.
110.500 — Good buy: rtore and flats; Larkin Bt..
nesr Geary; rents $70."
$5.500 — Fine r> and 0 room flats; on Stevenson
«.. near Thirteenth: rent $45.
$l.f£0— Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado ntc: 20:0x105 feet.
HOUSES— PUNFKT HEIGHTS— LOTS.
Ini-tsJIrr-fntt.: Eleventh ave., H and I «ts., near
entrance Park music etand; cars pas* property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
$175— THE owner of this lot lives in the East
and wants to etll It. He is in need of the
money, it is on Forty-sixth ave.. near M
et.. close to the rv-ean boulevard. It can' be
bourht very cheap.
$10 cash. *5 monthly, for a cheap level
lot In Richmond and another one In the
outer rart of the Mlgfion.
McEWEN BROS.. 1U Montgomery tt.
NEW Income property flat*, dwelling!! and
business property: nets- 12 per c<;nt. WELLS
& 6ACNDERS. €30 Market st. t ~$~.All Others.
Year's Building Record
. to Date Leading
LARGE PRICES
FOR CITY LOTS
McAfee Bros. * have sold thirteen i«*
in the vicinity or Sixth avenue and ii°i£
street. They have also sold the fniw
ing properties: • ine r °"ow,-
Lot. 68:9x127:8%.- on the north sld» rJr p,
street. 68:9 west of Locust on nriv.f °5 Clay
house and lot, 25x07:6, on the 'Jouth * n* rm3 i
Twentieth street. 100 feet east o^Ewlf e /*
$3250; lot. 25:9x137:6. on the south ?m tor ,
Vallejo street. 281 west of Baker for iJw? e i °/
25x127:8*. and two flats,^^ on 1^
In Richmond District.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
has finally closed the deal for the pur
chase of the J. C. Stubbs home on Pa
cific avenue to S. Lewis for $21,300.
Guy T. ' Wayman has sold the property
on the east line of Stockton street, 70 :Z\^
feet north from Sutter street, for P.
Phillips, for $45,000, The lot is 64x137:6
feet.
Florin L. Jones & Co. have sold for
Horace G. Tanner to J. I* Haskell lot
55x137:6 feet, with six fiats, on the north
line of California street, west from Jones
street, for $37,500. Mr. Tanner bought
the property six months ago through the
same brokers and has resold at a profit.
Lyon & Hoag have sold four blocks In
Berkeley in the Shaw tract, the bounda
ries being University avenue, Sacramento
and -Delaware streets and the right of
way of the California and Nevada Rail
road. The price was $17,500.
A deed has been recorded In which the
Sullivan Estate Company conveys to the
Enterprise / Realty Company for $100,000
the -southwest -corner of Pacific and u
pont streets. The lot is 137:6x275 feet.
Mrs. O. C. Booth has bought from David
Thompson the northwest corner of Pine
and Leavenworth streets for $20,000.
The Von Rhein Real Estate Company
has made the following sales:
Southwest corner of Mission street and Syca
more avenue. 35x160 feet to San Carlos ave
nue, with stores and flats, for $19,000; lot 27-C
xl20 and three flats at 6S1. 683 and 685 Mc-
Allister street, for $12,000; lot 2T JSxia7:6. with
Improvements, at 212 Turk street, $10,500; lot
of the same size and improvements at 438
Eddy street, $15,000: lot 60x05 and flats at 3°6
328, 330 and 332 Noe street. $7S0O; lot ami
house at 2108 Pine street. 25x110. $3600; prem
ises at 721 Cole street, 25x134:414, for $5000
lot 22:6x75, with building, at 429 Stevenson
street, $4500: lot 28x100 on the north line of
Union street, east of Pierce street, $1500- t
Moulton place. 23x53:7. for $1100. * X
A; M. Speck & Co. have sold to John
Breuner for Mrs. Adeline G. Vorbe th<»
property - on the southeast corner of
O'Farrell and Hyde streets, with im
provements. the lot being 70x77:6 feet in
size, for $39,000. cet In
C?S f a o r ilows P ° rted by °' D - B aldwln &
. Lot on the northwest corner of Washing*
and 'Maple streets, 117:0x143 feet, for Wilful
Armstrong for $26,000. upon which I v^
costly residence will be erected by the hnv»;
whose name is withheld for the nresem- l^'
east corner of Eddy and Larkin T streets' •?"«'
87:6, with Imorovements bringlne in i-W'
month, for $40.000.. to William McCormict 1 * 61 "
Many Brokers Report,
Large deals are keeping alive the inter
est of those concerned in the realty mar
ket In this city. Very large sales ip the
aggregate have been made by Shalnwald,
Buckbee & Co. during the last few days
that amount to more than $460,000. The
list Includes property on the east line of
Montgomery street, between Sacramento
and California streets, sold for John Ro
sen f eld's Sons Company for $125,000; lot
and improvements for Henry Van Ber
gen to A. A. Moore Jr. on the west line
•of Third street, 85 feet north from. Mis
sion- street, lot 60x107 feet, for $130,000;
lot and Improvements on the northwest
corner of Mason street and Derby alley,
between Geary and Post streets, for Clin
ton Worden, for $50,000, the lot being
60x77:6; northwest corner of Broadway
and Broderick streets, 106:6x137:6 feet, to
Henry Van Bergen, for $37,5Q0; lot 60x160
feet on the south line of Natoma street,
adjoining the new building erected by the
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, to Messrs. Gladding & McBean, for
$22,005; the lot and Improvements to Al
vinza Hayward on the east line of Mont
gomery street, 93 feet north from Cali
fornia street, adjoining the new Hayward
building, for $40,000. the seller being the
Parrott estate. Also,' In connection with
G. H. Umbsen, a deal has been closed
with the Armour Packing Company of
Chicago for the 100-vara lot on the north
east corner of Townsend and Eighth
streets for $63,000.
Clav street." 181 : 3 west of Baker, for $7750: an<
tot^TsSaJ: on the southwest corner of Twen-i
ty-flfth and Lake streets, for $150O.
Kaston, Eldridge & Co. report the fol
lowing recent sales: ' ¦.,
Natale Vannl to M. Ave. lot on the south unt
of Rutledge street, 125^eet west of Cal lfornli
avenue. 25x73 feet; T. W. Butcher to_F. Ty er
lot on the southeast corner of Cola and Wallet
streets. 33:9x95 fe*t. for $4000; ™* a zJ l L<? l °™'
to James Kearny, four, flats at 91* to 920 Caps
street, west side." 1 near Twenty-fourth, lot 32 J
xll7:tt feet, for 431SO; R 08 * Ix>n t d ?,"
Sweeney, house on the northeast 11m« Clars
sssSssskG $&s& ar
ror. house at 2324 Clay street, no^h si de .3»
feet east of Webster street, lot 27 .2X10* ««t.
for J50OO; Charles Ehn to Mrs. J. Me H*f 1^?ir
2019 Sutter street, north »ide. near FUlmore.
lot 24:8x137:6 feet, two flats, 8 and 7 room*
and bath, for &S0O. %£& *
Other Late Deals.
Recent sales are reported by O. H.
Umbsen & Co. as follows:
C. C. Storehouse to Edward I* Christen Im
provements and lot 38x80 on the southeast
corner of Octavia street and Ivy avenue *iu
050; Mrs. I* A. Thompson to Nora Coleman.
cottage. 3537 Twenty-second street, and lot
25x100, $11)50; Mr. VaaselUto to Mr. Kennedy.
1X«S I*aclflc street and lot 22:8x65, $2780; Mr.
Hurley to Mr. Hughes, 412 Taylor street. three
flats and lot 25x137:8. $18,250; Chesney estate
to Mr. Ingelath. cottage and lot WxlOO. on the
southeast corner of Twenty-fourth street and
Hoffman avenue. $1050; M. Cooney to Joseph
Scherrer. lot 25x78:10 on the northeast cornet
of Brannan and Dore streets. $1200; Mr. Fel
busch to Mr. Murphy, lot 26x114. north line
of Valley street, 100 east of Sanch«»». $*°O;
Caroline Koester to J. Tlelleu. two flats, lia
Erie street. $2000, 23x121:9%; Mr*. Picdni to
Mr. Walbken. lot 24x81:3. on the southeast
corner of Ftllmore and Oermanla street*. $2230 »
Mr. Uren to Mrs. White, lot 25x120. on the
east line of Ninth avenu*. 150 north, of C
street. $1000; Hlbernla Bank to Mr*. Daley,
two-story residence on th« southeast corner or
Van Ness avenue and Vallejo street. $10,000;
A. B. McCreery to B. E. Potter. Improvement*
and lot 75x120, on the south line of tnton
street. 25 feet east of Battery, 124.000; TU11*
A. Fleuschauer to T. R. Draper, lot 25x137:8.
on north line- of Carl street. 105 east ot WU
lard. 51600; Junta McMenomy to Mary Rear.
don. Improvements at 444 Jessie stre«t and lot
23xS0, $3500; Thomas H. Curran to C. Jor*en
sen, store and flat* on th» northeast corner
of Twenty-fifth and Capp streets, and lot 23x89.
$4750; Florlde D. Wllcoxon to Frank H. Hall.
Improvements at 1019-23 Sutter street and lot
57:6x137:8. $26,500; J. Ahearn to Ou»tav»
Spitz, lot 60x175. southwest of Lancton street,
175 southeast of Harrison, $1700; J. W.
Raphael to John P. Dare, 2422 Clay street
and lot 25x90, $4850: Harriet O. CenUr to P.
Ducasse. lot 27:6x137:6, south line o« VolleJ*
street, between Leavenworta and Hyde, |20oO{
K. Block to. Edward Mohrig. two fiaU, 1563-03
Fulton street, and lot 25x137:6. $6250t P.
Slamoa to John J. CoCey. 24 Hunt atr*«t and
lot 20x55. $1850: Otto Falch to Mrs. Waltarv
lot 25x75, east lb« ot Dolores street. »outa .<?«
Twenty-ninth, $850; Mrs. M*dd«n to Mrt.
Schulken. 2979 Harrison street and tot 83x100,
$1650; Mrs. H. Kroeg;er to Samuel R. Brook*.
Improvements on lot on southeast corner of
Clayton and Pare streets and lot 85x113:*.
$14,000; Mrs. "Wenelnger to Z*atrlelc Conlan. lot
60x126, corner CasselU avenuo and DanTera
street, J1300; O. C Pratt «t aL to Annou*
Packing Company, lot 163x240 on nortbacst
corner of Townsend and Eighth streets, $33,
000; Walter Cary to E. Wolf, lot 23x137:4, east
line of Devlsadero street. $1850 1 Roman Oath*
olio Archbishop to William Goegzel. lot 06x
137:8, north line of Hayet »trw»t, 92:6 west
of FlUmore, $7800; Roman Cathollo Archbishop
to George Hlldebrandt, lot 67:6x82:9, north
west corner of Hayes and Flllmor* streets,
$8000; Harriet Center to Mrs. Blgelow. lot 27:tJ
xl37. south line of Vailejo street, between
Leavenworth and Hydo. $2000; P. J. Molner
ney to Hueh MoKernan, house at 842 Potrero
avenue and lot 25x100, (3000; Mr. Kennedy
to Mrs. Lauterbach, lot 22:11x98, east
Una of Pierce street. 45:10 north of Fil
bert. $810; T. Connolly to Thomas Denl
gan, improvements at 020 Howard street
and lot 22:8x80. $3700; Ohlant & Buck to
Charles Hurt, lot 25x125. west Una of
Belcher street. $1250; City Street Improvement
Company ' to H. Hoffman, lot 25x115, nortli
Una of Fifteenth street, 221 fe«t west of Noe,
$1500; Joseph Naphtaly to Walter Cary, resi
dence northeast corner Post and (tough streets
and lot 30x137:6. $14,000: Douglass P. Watson
to Thomas Kirkpatrlck, three-story brick build
ing 418 Kearny street and lot 19:6x74:6.
$29,000; Mrs. Kelly to M. Asher. lot 25x93.
east line of Scott street, between Sills and
O'Farrell, $2600; August Waldenmeir to B.
Echomacher, two stores and flats, southeast
corner Twentieth and Howard street*, lot 35x
122:6. $13,900; Mr. Smith to Charles Wilson,
1118 Fell street and lot 50x137:6. $5550; White
ly & Lee to Margaret Irvlaa. Improvements and
lot 70x137:6. southeast earner Geary and Lar
kin streets; Mr. Meyer" to George Bredhorst.
241-251 Dors street and lot 62:6x83, $3500;
German Bank to Mrs. Ricks, Improvements and
lot 32:6x100, northwest corner Golden Gate
avenue and Lyon street. $2600; -W. Wolf to
Mrs. M. Van Winkle. 1174-1173 Ellis street,
three flats and lot 27:6x110. (16.000; Mrs. O.
I* Purlenky to E. C. Creller. four fiats, 23tt
Oak street, and lot 27:6x120. to rear street.
$8200; German Bank to Henry Van Cortbeck,
lot 25x90, south line- of Waller street. 20:3
east of Portola, . $2000; Versupey estate to
Henry Whitely and John Lee. lot southwest
corner Broadway and Broderlck street. $30,230.
Additional sales have been made' by
Shalnwald, Buckbee & Co. as follow*:
Lot and residence, south line Pacific avenue,
137:6 feet east of Octavla street, 34:4^x
127 :SW, feet, for $18,000: for Alfred Bouvler.
new flats, on the northwest corner of Sacra
mento and Laurel streets, lot 87:6x57 feet.
$0000; "ot north line Twenty-seventh street, east
of Dolores. 25x114 feet, $300 1 lot south line of
Union street, west of Steiner. 27:6x137:6 feet.
for $1600; lot north line Twenty-ieventh street,
west of Guerrero. 25x114 feet, for $900; lot and
improvements, north . line of Minna street. 90
feet west of Third, 20x70 feet, for $7000; lot
north line of Filbert street, west of BaJcer. lOOtx
137:6 feet.' for $3000; lot north line of Twenty
seventh street, 210 feet east of Dolores, 25x111
feet, for $850; for B. F. Brlsac. residence north
line Sacramento street, east* of Steinsr, 23x123
feet, for $6000; for the California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company, lot on the south 11ns
of Bay street, east of Franklin. 125x137:0 feet,
for $5500.
An auction sale of realty will be held by
Easton, Eldrtdge & Co. next Tuesday at
noon at 633 Market street. The properties
to be offered Include tha following:
Presidio Heights resldenoea at 214 and 213
SpruCfe street, near Clay; modern flats at 40ft
and 409 '/a Post street, near Oak street, near
Laguna; flats at 2544 Post street, sear Baker;
Presidio Heights residence at 8333 Washington
street, near Walnut; southwest corner of ftoooad
street and Park Lana; also property on th*
west Une of Second street. 53 feet nortli frota
De Boom, between Bryant and Brannaa; No*.
124 and 126 Juniper street, near Harrison |
southeast corner of Church and Twenty-eighth,
streets; lot on the east Une of FUImor* street,
near Waller; lot on the east line of Howard
street, near Twenty-first; Bay View Hamas U*4
lots from Vancouver through ta QuadaJoua*
street, 130 flHt north from Santee street.
Progress of Building'. .
The Armour Packing Company will at
once begin to erect a large building on tha
property newly acquired by It on tha
northeast corner of Towns end and Eighth
streets.
Alterations will be m&da In tha former
residence of J. C. Stubba on Pacific ave
nue by S. Lewis, the purchaser. [
Three flats will be erected by "William
Olsenon the east line of Fill more street.
Jft-feet south from Hayes, the cost ol
"which will be about $10,000.
Theodore G. Gruenhagen will chance
the dwellings ,at 519 to 623 Golden Gal*
avenue into flats, the cost being estimated
Jacob Brandt will erect three two-story
buildings on the southwest corner of Clay
street and Central avenue, to cost $11,500.
William J. CKLeary will build three two
story buildings to contain six flats on the
west line of Central avenue, 88:4% feet
south from Clay, the cost of which will
George W. Turner will erect a two-story
frame dwelling on the north line of Jack
son street, 60 feet west from Maple, to
cost $7837.
Thomas Magee Jr. has contracted for
the erection of a two-story brick build
ing en the south line of McAllister street
191 :9 feet west from Market, to cost $14,000
The Humboldt Building and Loan Asso->
elation has adopted the Germanla Build
ins and Loan Association plan.
Amendments are proposed to the ' by
laws of the Citizens' Building and Loan
Association, which will be considered at
a meeting to be held this week. The
definite contract plan will be considered.
Harry A. Rodgers has leased from A.
Ruef the new building on the southeast
corner of Grant avenue and Berry street
for ten years for the total of $31,500.
Valentine "W. Miller has leased f rom W.
E. Dean the store at 1104 Market street
for five years, the total being $32,500.
The Building News and Review says the
building engagements In San Francisco
for the first two months of the present
year amount to 390 In number arn}"$2 212 -
923 in value. The corresponding period In
1901 made a record for only 179 engage
ments and represented . a value of but
$980,773. The largest record prior to 1901
was In 1891. when there were recorded In
two months building engagements num
berine- 210 and representing the value of
$1,777,636. So far this is the banner year
for building In San Francisco. The build-
Ing operations recorded in February, 1S02.
numbered 202 and the value of buildings
contracted for was $1,007,508. In February.
1901. the total frcae-ements showed a
valuation of but $463,851 and numbered 104.
There -were consequently nearly 100 more
enjraeements to builrt In February. 1902,
than in February of thp preceding year.
The Daily Pacific Builder tabulates and
segrecates the buildine imrrovprnents of
the present year for nn^lvsis. The brick
structures engaged for last month num
bered 27; frame structures. 114: altera
tions. 61. Th* vain* of the frame struc
tures was S713.39&. The total for the brick
bulldincs was J222.S27.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY' MARCH 2, 1902.
34
McALLISTER, 00314 — Corner sunny bay-win-
dow room ; furnished ; grate, bath, gas ; ' for
1 or 2; rent reasonable. ~ ¦ "
MINNA, 409, near Oth — Large front: parlor.;
-*, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $10 a month.'
MINna; : 667, corner Eighth — Newly\ furnished
bay-window froom; $1 per week; transient: .
NATOMA, 217, near , Third, „ two . blocks from
'Call— Newly, furnished front rooms. '.".-
NATOMA, 622— Furnished roomi in private
family. •-.. :¦/.;>:
NEW, ARLINGTON, 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $2 a week up;-35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279— Nice front room. $4 per
week;- other rooms, $2 60. $125; hou»e-
' keeping rooms. " " ' - - ' \ '
O'FARRELL,' , 773 — Nicely furnished parlor
-'; suite; single room. •
PAGE, 1324— One room, furnished or»unfur-
¦ nlshed; on Park Panhandle; private family.
PAGE, 1630— With private family, sunny par-
¦lor suite: kitchen if .desired; furnished or un-
¦ furnished. ¦¦ . - ,.- . •-
ROYAL Housei 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
' readlng-room,\ smoking-room and ladles' par-
¦ lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to' $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 355— One nice sunny back
room ; rent reasonable. . ¦ . - ¦». -¦
SEVENTH,. 171 — Corner house; sunny fur-
nished rooms to let by week. or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
. near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 12 — Furnished front room; $3 5C
per month. ¦
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st. . "'. ¦
TAYLOR, 70S — Good room; man or woman who
• work days; running water; $160 week.
TURK, 210— Sunny front rooms; gentlemen.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.) '
A VERY large well-furnished room, with board
for two young men in private family
ern conveniences; $45 per month; references.
Box 4085. Call. n . I
A LARGE sunny front room . with - first-class
board; in a most desirable location; also sln-
gle room;, references. P. O. box 2419.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
flrst-dahs board; reasonable; phone South 829.'
CROCKER, The, ; 915 9 Leavenworth — Sunny
. rms.; sin, and suites; ground and tennis crt.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy — High-class hotel ; fur.
suites or single; board optional; steam heat.
EDDY, 316— Elegantly furnished sunny front
• suite; every convenience: board >Dtional.
EDDY, 626. The Irvlngdale— Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
OCTAVIA, 2520, nr. Broadway— Sunny rooms;
.lst-class prlv. family^boardj-rhod. app'tm'ts.
SUNNY rooms, running water, grate; couple
$45, single $20. 915 Van Nesa.
VAN NESS. 610 — handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; nrst-cl'ass table board.
VAN NESS, C07— For refined couple, sunny
front parlor, with board, in private residence.
JOHNSON. The, COS O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
NIARA, 615' Taylor — Sunny front and back
suites: excellent board: terms reasonable.
ROOMS WANTED.
ROOM wanted by lady; $8; privilege house-
keeping; north Market; permanent. Address
box 3705, Call office.
2 SUNNY rooms for physician's office, south
of Sutter, east of Van Ness. Box 3897, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections! made;
city or 'country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415. Montgomery, rooms »-10: tefi 65S0.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS — Office ot the
-Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal. — Under and
. l& pursuance to an act entitled "An net to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountvllle, Napa County, Cal.." and appro-
prlating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26. 1901, Statutes 1601, page 823), and In
accordance ' with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12. 1901. the board
- of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby invites and advertises for
sealed proposal, for furnishing the material*
and performing tne labor for • the erection
and construction of sa.d hospital building, at
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with the plans, de.
scrlptlons, bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil. archi-
tect; and that contracts ' based upon such
¦ealed proposals will be let, made and. en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined' be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or cor.'.racts, at the office of the *ald di-
rectors of said Veterans' Home, room 13,
820 Sansome st.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
¦ Separate bids will be received and separate .
•contracts let and entered into as herein
above set forth, for each of this following
parts of said building, erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of tne State in relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23. 1876,
Statutes 1876-6, page 427), and the acts
amendatory thereof, that is to say for the
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work. Including' all
; brick, stone, terra cotta/and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glazing work.
Third, for the' plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
dating work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications, including the
! furnishing of materials and the necessary
1 labor therefor.
The work is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
'. the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home, acting
for and on the behalf of its said board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for as many
different kinds of work as are herelnabove
:': specified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a good
and . sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if eald proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duiy enter
Into a proper contract' and faithfully perform
htn or their, contract or contracts, in accord-
. ance with said proposal or bid. and the plans
description*, bills and specifications." which
are hereby made 'a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter. ,
¦ Said sealed bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there-
of.' at the office of ; said j directors, - room 13
. 820 Sansome sL.'ln the city and county of
. Ban Francisco. State of California, on or
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
second day of March. 1902. .which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
' said sealed' bids or proposals will be . opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made. '
. If in the opinion of sa Id board of directors
, ' of th» said Veterans'" Home the acceptance
¦ of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposals
•hall not be for . the best Interests of the
! State, said board of directors hereby reserves
' the right to accept any of said bids ' or pro-
posals opened as. in their opinion may be for
the best interests of. the State, -under and In
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the said act entitled, "An
act to regulate contracts on behalf of the
State In relation to erection and buildings'*
(approved March ; 23, 1876, Statutes 1875-0,
page - 427). or to reject any or all of said
settled bld« or nronosals. . '
. I |*°'" further Information and , particulars
bidding contractors are hereby ~ referred to
¦ the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
of directors, as herelnabove set forth.
.. By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California,
-r. 1 . >. ,* J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary..
___/2 a _t»d_yebruary 10. '1902. .-¦-•- .-
MABEIAQE •LICENSES.
„ T J 1 * foll owin»r marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday; .
.r, 0 . 1 "^ "• Meyer, 28, 922 Minnesota street,
and .Adelaide , N. D. Rasmussen, 21, Seven-
teenth avenue and Silver street.'. '^> ¦
Ak° J 1 .fo e 1 ! ~?o 8 ' 53C Minna street, and Maria'
Oback, 32. 1022 Florida street.
" V*?' J \. Koenl «V'24.- 1306 .street,
and Elizabeth M. Fabbrl, 22, city.
Lawrence. F. Hanson. 28, 134 Duncan street,
and Emllle I*. Linde. 18, (U9 Third street. • ,x
Frederick G. Hansen, 33, 533 Fourth street,
and Annie J. Devine,;22, 149% Clara street. .
Herman W. • Johnson, 56, city, and Sada G.
Clark,. 31, city. , .,-¦•<
John G. Joly. 34, '1700 Larkin street./and
Leona M. Wolff, 31, Petaluma.
C. "S. Baltzar Stromberg, 29, city,: and Eva
M.". Holleday," 27, city. ' ¦.. "
Achilles P. Doklestich, 31, 1426 Pacific street,
and Agnes Mlllie|ch.l8/3028 Buchanan street/
Eugene Dimmer, 25, 1121 Washington street,
and Alice Came to, 22, 2010 Stockton street.
MO'XHV TO LO AX— Contlimert. -^
A— HERMAN MURPHY. U01-602 Examiner Mg
..$4,000,000 at Lowest Rates..'
On First and Second Mortgages......
¦.., On Life Interests in Estates........
Property Betas Held in Trust. .......
.Undivided Interests In Real Estate..'...
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Piobate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
....IF YOU NEED MONEY ......
See HERMAN MURPHY. OOl r t5O2 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
(300,000 at 5H & ° P el " cent In sums to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, * life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
/^*terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT U PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in trobate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLG AN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 10
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~"
$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates....
1st. 2nd and 3rd -Mortgages
Undivided Interest in estates, ins. policies,
furniture. 1 %, or anything else
PACIFIC LOAX CO.. 046 Market St.
I ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
i nlture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
j lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary St., room 30.
I A PKIVATE parly loans any amount on furnl-
i ture. pianos; 'no removal; low rates* confiden-
tlal. WHITKHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household goods, without removal ;confldentlal.
ORMSBY.2« Montgomery St., opp.Llck House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms;no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
j LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
J party • no removal; no commission; conflden-
I Hal. Room ¦".. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones...
j $5 60 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
j Ing rent. MURDOCK. C14 Pine st.
$1000 TO loan, in part or whole, on collateral
I or real estate; low rate. Box 3342, Call.
I ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each i
j $1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
I $10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
j party. St. Ann's faldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72." 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
j HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
j lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
j 3% ON furniture - and pianos; $15 up; no re-
| moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
j ON salaries. N. Y. plan: indorsed paper dls-
j counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
I ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st. ¦
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUPELL. 222 Sansome st.
ON salaries without indorser; other proposl-
tlons. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Easjtern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
I ~ ~~ ™ M^ SI 5 ;^ L IXSTRUMEXTS.
A BARGAIN LIST" OF USED PIANOS, ALL
| IN GOOD ORDER AND. WARRANTED.
j McNeil square...'. $25
| Hallet & Davis.... '..square 35
Dunham square 500
I Raven & Bacon square 660
j Mendelssohn square '70
I, Symphony square 73-
f Arion square.............. 75
New Tork Piano Co. .square 73
I Kazelton square 100
! Weber ! : square 113
I Chickenng (2) square $110—115
Decker Bros square 125
Steinway square 125
Herz ...: upright 100
I Dunham upright 125
j Vose -...upright 150
Opera, rosewood case.upright 200
Epellmann, oak case 250
Byron Mauzy, mahogany case 300
Lester, mahogany case 300
Sohmer. walnut case. $600 style 450
Steinway Grand 450
Sohmer Grand 700
ORGANS.
Standard $25
Sterling .' 35
Monarch '. ) 75
Mason & Hamlln, $50— $75— and 100
Ettey (2). $60 and 100
CeclUan Piano Player 250
Fine New Pipe Organ 1000 I
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.
WE are offering the best inducements imagin-
able on new pianos; having made a change
in some of our agencies the stock on hand of
the old lines will be marked right down to
bedrock, so as to close them . out quickly;
there are only a few — about a dozen — so there
must be no delay if you are to have one of
them; we are agents for Decker, Wlssner^
Baumelster and Stoddard; all of them the
very best for the price. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 709 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliabU
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $b' per month; some good
pianos for $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ALL bargains oa account of removal. All
pianos must be stored, rented or sold on ac-
count of damp walls. New pianos. $98 up:
second-hand. $25 up; standard makes. $1C5
up. Be^vsure and investigate this great sale
before purchasing. HEINE PIANO CO.,
Geary et.. opp. Union Square.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS
6econd-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. ¦ \
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new-upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
BON. 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
A Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY pinno 'sold by us taken back any time
within 2 . years and full purchase price al«
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
. price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from Mt. KOHLER & CHA8E, 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
SMALL upright. $35: large cabinet grand up-
right, $150; square pianos, $33 up; A. B 1
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th st. Iver» & Pond arts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $85 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell ets.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up.
¦ ward: values best In the city. PIJERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
y at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
¦< Co.. -931 Market st.
AT auction prices, 87 pianos i this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
A— $750; STEINWAY upright piano for sale
at half price. Address box 4096. Call office.
BANJOLENE. fine Stewart, cheap. KINSEY.
810 Hayes st. . ,
PARTY sacrifices account death in* family,
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 622 .Eddy.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'8. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Ehonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains
STILL renting new pianos, $.1 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 57
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
LARGE modern store ,\ 120 feet deep, with
basement full length; '420 B,ush st., opporlte
California Hotel: run* to rear street. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California.
EMMA SPRECKELS bldg.. 927 Market *t.S of-
fices with light, heat and janitor $15 to $20.
ASHTON Sc GARDINER.
OFFICE to let reasonable; ground floor. 31
Second »t.; inquire on ' premises. -.
EUNNY offices just below Kearny St.. $10;
alro large «tor*. Kevs «3rt Clav «t.. rootfi 1.
\ . '". OIL. ...... 1 '
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; aJI sl'zes:
fbean. H.-S WHITK. 130-132 npwi-'^t. .
AXD DECORATORS
TAPERING room, waifs. $1 ior~paTnUng7"$l;
v whitening. 75c. Painter, box 3866, Cali.
FIP.ST-CLASS work; low rates: get figures J.
C/ROMAIN'n.'WO. O »ve.: tel. Po.k 142T
. PALJHSTRY. I
MRS. E. PEARCE. scienTlnT"businesT^rrjiTsC
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome,- 1104 Market
St.; hours from 0 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837 H- ; ¦'
H. JEROME FO9ELLI. scientific palmist] 615
Taylor »t.. bet. Gearv and Post: tel; Black 561.
/__ PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOXS.
ABSOLUTELY~FREE~ CONSULTATION-
diseases of men and women treated sue :ei»-
lutly. Prepare al) medlclnei myself. ¦ DR.
FORDEN. No. 6 Turk st.'. corner Maso .
A— DH. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician "and
rurgeon. at 1122 Market st.:: hour* 10 to 8. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office snd residence/
1021>A Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
tm*y»-ai— J.1JJ.1-HA-, 1111*,-- ... . , ;-., .
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
EUNNY corner residence, 8 rooms, conserve^
f tory. bath, grounds, etc. : NE. cor. Sacra-
1 mento and Steiner. VON RHEIN REAL ES-
TATE CO.. S13 California Bt.
houses' wasted.
WANTED— 20 to 30 room house; centrally lo-
cated; north of Market et.; will lease for
terms of responsible padty; first-class
references. Box 3808. Call office.
WANTED — Unfurnished house 16 to 20 rooms,
any part city; reasonable rent; long lease.
Apply by letter only. E. FRANCES. 1821
. Clay et.
. 6MALL house or flat with yard or lot adjoin-
ing; suitable for small stable. Box 3S04,
Call office.
SMALL house of 3 or 4 rooms, with stable or
place for one. Box r.872. Call office.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
l;EW sunny house. 7 rooms: large basement; i
yard: fine location: Portola. off Waller, bet. :
Pierce and Steiner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
f ' ' ! I
HYGIEXIC HAIR TREATMEXT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dsndruff: has treated
baldness with great euccess; free consulta-
tlon. Room XQ. Liebes building. 13a Pogt.
LOST AND FOt'XD.
LOST — Pocket-book containing R. R. ticket I
from Cuskanook to Spokane; also a certificate j
of deposit on which payment has been >
stopped. Return to 317 Stockton st. and re- '
ceive- reward. ' 1
"---LOST — Gentleman's scarf pin, gold horse; valued
as keepsake t'rom dead fa'ther: liberal re-
ward. G. RIVOLTA. 15 City Hall ave.
LOST — Small black cocker spaniel; white spot
on breast. Return to "505 Gough Et. ; reward.
RETURN white handle silk umbrella lost at !
Grand Opera-house Thursday night to 9:>3
Market Et., fifth floor, and receive reward. !
LOST — Square watch charm; F. A. ; j
$2 60 reward. Return to Fair Wind Saloon, !
corner Market and East ets.
LOST — On Berkeley local, gold-mounted um- ]
brella engraved with my name; reward. G.
L. BLAIR. Spear-st wharf. I
LOST — $10 reward; in San Francisco or San
Jose, a Knights Templar charm with name
of owner. LEWIS AMISS EPITZER. en-
graved thereon. Above reward will be paid I
by cwner. San Jose, Cal. i
LOST — Umbrella on narrow gauge train. 10:45 ''
~f: a. m., February £7. marked "Llda." Re- I
/ turn to 620 Telegraph ave., fiat 7, Oakland, j
and receive suitable reward.
HATRIHOMAL. i
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy j
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70S E11K I
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS. 411 to 413 Powell
«l: tel. Bush 421.
3IEDICAL. ,__
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special- i
1st. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble, j
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor- '
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all I
ca*es taken; the mest difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of moet obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects I
of a delicate nature; by consulting him save i
time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, j
office and residence 101S Market, opp. Fifth. I
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' spi-riallstT
80 years' experience; Instant relief guaran- !
teed; home before and during confinement; |
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'FarreU st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
-_. , at the old office. 122S Market St.: 30 years' I
experteno* in obstetric and other cases. i
DR. and MRS. "VVEGENER. ladles' physician!
private home for confinement; babies adopt -
«d; formerly 1312 G. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of treatment: maternity borne; home
In confinement. 1126 Market et,. S. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. P. Ma-
ternlty Home. 906 Market st.. opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladler'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXIXG.
WANTED — Small capital to buy interest good
quartz ledge; good location; California. Ad-
dress L. W.. 85 Fremont A., city.
MIXES AXD 31IXIXG. j
YOUR money will bring big returns lf in-
vested on the ground floor* in -a legitimate
working proposition. Address Owner, box
8767. Call.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer. Examiner big.. S.
F. : branch office. Nome. Alaska, geason 1802.
\yiSCELLAXEOUS~-FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc^
IKTOSH & WOLPMAK. 185-197 Fremont st.
HYDRAULIC jacks in good order; 2nd -hand.
30 ton. $70; 20 ton. *60; 15 ton. $50; 7 ton.
(35: 10 ton. $40: 3 ton.»$20: 5 H. P. boiler
and engine (marine), *150; 24 H. P. matcher
and planer. $100. H. 6. WHITE. iaO-132
Beale «t.. formerly 816 Mission.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
EAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
Brungwlck-Balke-Collender Co.. e52 Mission.
iO-INCH Rosbach perforator, foot power, $30;
other printing material; we buy," sell or
. trade. HOAG. 151 Second gt. '
FOR sale — A rare chance to buy an ancient
Spanish Bible published in 1CS7; in fine con-
glilon; cheap. Address box 4100, CalL
TOR sale — Two mastiff pup*. & months old;
prise winning etock. Apply 615 Santa Clara
ave., Alameda.
SEALSKIN, finest condition, bust 38; will sell
at bargain or trade for diamond; finest aual-
Ity. Box 8896. Call office.
CHEAP — Complete outfit for chickens; fine
range; rent reasonable. 1700 University ave.
Berkeley. .
. SEVERAL Tontine Savings Association con-
tracta._MInneaDolls, nearly paid up. Box
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
— ' S^lr j m ™ e3r «J >ack lf not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery St.. San Francisco.
A— 43 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Ifearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
$5— SINGER sewing machine in good order
1571 Market St.. near Twelfth.
FOR SALE— 100 canaries (Rollers), just Im-
ported from Germany. 629 Minna st.
FOR eale — 2 Gordon setters; also 6 Spaniels:
very cheap. 608 Post rt.
\ FOR sale— Baby buggy. Apply 726 Fell «L.
forenoon.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2-hand moving dIc-
tnrcs. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging. paint-
ing. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel.Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
flgwes. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine-
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at. .
IST-CLABS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in th«
United States or Canada on* year for 11.
postar* paid. •
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.~
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
~? n *' £02™** at oac *» wU1 cal1 anywhere
within 25Tniles of city, box 3270. Call office.
BIO prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
tvn dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 28 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
w^jfo5][2 A pS! t C6 rt ! >UCTy - BYRON MAUZY -
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
1 '•"'"'"'''"'"" "' "'-"-'"""•"'-;-"- - "., -.-^- j '.-'
ifUXICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant are., near
Geary »t-; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, ¦ at
lowest' rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market «t.; tel. Main 1614. Brancb 19 Third.
Peter Baraotti, 24, 2626 Twenty-first street,
and Anita Parrl, 24, 1317 Kearny street.
H. Ward Beach; 577 Minna street, and Lil-
lian M. P^nmon, 1600 , Devlsadero street.
; BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and' death . notices . sent by
mall will'not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorse^ with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to haye tbe same published. .
V. BOBN. «
ANDERSON— In this city. February 26, 1902.
to the wife of John A. Anderson, a son.
BROWN— In this city, February 27. 1902, to
. the wife of Charles Brown, a son.
FOX— In ! this city, February 24. 1902, to the
wife of Minor J. Fox, a son.
FRANKLIN— In this City, February 26, 1902.
to the wife of Frank Franklin, a son.
HARBAND— In this city, February 16, 1902.
to the wife of Jacob Harband, . a daughter.
KNACKE— In this city. February 28,-1002, to"
. the wife of George F. Knacke, a «on.
POINTER— In this city, February 27, 1902. to
; the wife ' of Charles Pointer, a daughter.
SANDS — In this city, February 25. 1U02, to the
¦ wife of JamcB.V. Sands, a daughter, i
> MABRIED.
BENTON— ByLKELEY— In Snellinjc. Merced
v County, February 26, 1902. by the Rev. Dr.
.' ' Barnum, Alexander Hay Benton of San Fran-
cisco and - Mary Irmah Bulkeley of Snelllng,
' Cal. ¦ ¦ .'. ¦¦ .
MURPHY— BLATTNER— In this city, Febru-
ary 6, 1902, by .the -Rev. Father W. E. Mc-
Geough, William H. Murphy and Elizabeth
M. T. Blattner, both of San Francjsco.
. DIED. .
Brittan, Bertha S. Mahoney, 'jamea V.
Case, George -F. Martin. Alexander
Denig. Vicente Mitchell, Joseph B.
Dleovich, Emma N. Murphy, John
Gagen, Thomas R. Neary, Bridget E.
Givlin, Michael Patterson. Mrs. C.P.
Hall, Jessie M. Popple ton, Dean S.
Hand. Albert L. . Smith, .James
Hayes, James Smith, Walter S.
Koster, Alfred Smith, William H.
Lagan, Margaret " Telfer, William H.
Lagan (infant) Van Pelt, John .
Lane, Dr. Levi C. Vaughn, Mrs. E.
McKnlght, Thomas Wonderlich. John P.
BRITTAN— At Fabiola Hospital. March 1.
1902, Bertha Sanford Brittan, beloved wife
of William G. Brittan, and daughter of Mrs.
- Samuel Foster. . * "
\ CNotlce. of /funeral later.
CASE— In. this city, March 1, 1902, George
Frederick, beloved husband of - Mary Case,
father of Lottie anrtl the late Clarence Case,
¦and son of - G. A. Case, a native ot New
Bedford, Mass.
DIEOVICH— In this city, February 28,. 1902,
Emma Nevada Dleovich, a native of Carson
City, Nev., aged 29 years and 10 months.
DENIS— In this city, March 1. 1902,' at his
residence, 1439 Sacramento street, Vicente
Denis, beloved father of Mary S. and Frank
V. Denis and Mrs. A. Perry, a native of
Portugal, "aged 75 years.
GAGEN— In this city, March 1, 1902. Thomas
It., beloved son' of Jane Horan and the late
Philip- GaKen, a native of San Francisco,
' aged 41 years and 7 months.
GIVLIN— In Sacramento, » February. 26. 1902.
Michael Givlin, beloved brother of Mrs. Mc-
Asey, Mrs. Ruanc and Mrs. Burke, a native
of Ireland, aged 66 years. ¦ . / .
v E?"The funeral will take . place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence by train from Third -and Townsend
streets, at 11:30 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
HALL — In .this city, March 1, 1902, Jessie
Mae, beloved wife of Harry Hall, daughter
of the late W. T. PhUlips, and Bister of Mrs.
Lillle Sutton, a native of Georgia, aged 27
years 0 months and 16 days. -^
KTFuneral Monday, March 3, at 2 o'clock,
from the - residence. -. 533 Post street, thence
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HAND-^-In this city, February 26, 1902, Albert
L. ¦ Hand, a native of j Ohio, aged 52 years
6 months and 10 days.
0^ Frlenda and acquaintances ere respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
March 2, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, from Charles
- J. B. Metzler'a undertaking parlors, 630
. Washington street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets to 11:30 o'clock train. Cre-
• mation Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ,
HAYES— In this city, February 28, 1902,
James, beloved. husband of Mary Hayes, and
father of Jeremiah Hayes and' Mrs. W. B.
I'hemester, a native of County Cork! Ire-
land, aged 76 years. ¦
CThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday),.' at 10:15 o'clock; from his late
residence, 444 Harriet street, between Sixth
and Seventh, Brannan and Townsend. thence
to St. Rose's Church for services at 10:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOSTER — In this city. .March 1, . 1902. Alfred,
beloved son of Mrs. Ida Koster, and grand-
son of Mrs. Eveline and tne late Octave
' Dupas, a native of San Francisco, aged 8
years and 5 days.
' fly Notice of funeral hereafter.
LAGAN— In this city, February 28, 1902, -Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Dr. Edward Lagan.
[CT'Interment private.
LAGAN — In this city. February 28. 1902, ln-
f an son of Dr. Edward and the late Mar-
garet Lacan.
[?^Interment private.
LANE— Public memorial exercises for the late
Dr. Levl Cooper Lane will be held in the
auditorium' of Cooper Medical College Sun-
day, March 9, at 2 o'clock.
McKNIGHT — In this city, March 1, 1902,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Mc-
Knlght, and father of Thomas A., Marjorie i
and Douglas C. McKnight, a native of Eng-
land, aged 42 years and 2 days.
MAHONEY — In this city. February 28, 1902.
James V., beloved husband of the late Ellen |
Mahoney, and father of James Mahoney Jr., •
late chief engineer of steamship Acapulco, a i
native of St. John, New Brunswick, aged 67 !
years.. (St. John, New Brunswick, papers !
please copy.) |
[UT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock,, from the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness
, avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church, !
where a requiem high mass will be cele- j
bra ted for the reoose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro&f j
Cemetery. ' •••.'.;
MARTIN— In this city. March 1. 1902. Alexan- !
der . Martin, beloved husband of the late .'
. Martha Martin, and father of Mabel C. and 1
Stanley Martin, a native of Philadelphia,.
Pa., aged CO years. • j
IT7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow. |
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonlp Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, |
under the ¦ auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. ¦
163, F. and A. M.
MITCHELL— In this city. March 1, 1902, Jo-
eeph Boone Mitchell, beloved son of Joseph
S. and Sarah A. Mitchell, and brother of
Grace H., May and George S. Mitchell and
Mrs. Rose Mitchell Owen, a native of New
York.' aced 16 years and 10 months. (Lot j
Gatos - papers please copy.)
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock; from the residence of
-his parents, 892 Fourteenth street, thence to
: Trinity Methodist Church, corner Sixteenth
and Nee streets, where services will be held.
' Cremation. at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. '
MURPHY — In this city, February 28, 1902,
John, beloved husband of Bridget Murphy,
and father of Thomas J. and Alicia Murphy,
Mrs. J. Brzezlnskl and the late Mrs. R. F.
Walker, a native of County : Cork, Ireland,
ag»d £4 years.
(n7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
dsnee, 821 Tenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEARY — In - this city. February , 28. 1902.
Bridget Ellen Neary, a native of Ireland,
acred 70 years. . , . •
ICFrienda and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday).' at 0:30 o'clock, from the funeral'
parlors of Bunker & Lunt, 2666 Mission
. street, . thence to St. Peter's Church, Twenty-
,.' fourth and Alabama streets, ¦ where a solemn
¦ requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
. hENRYj. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher >
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEBi
. 20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone 'South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO ,HILLS.
OFFICE ©16 MARKET STRRRT.
J. r HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS, j
¦ Samuel McFadden,' 18 years manager for '
the United Undertakers' Association, M J '
McBrearty. with the same company for 18
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor. & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission street^between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
1 J ' UNITED U^ERTAKEksll
*7 «nd is. Fifth St.Tatsouth wtM
rUNTRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. I
CH AS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO.,
.iFuneral Directors and Embalmers. ..
r N6w OccDpy Their Own Bui'ding,
1909 Mission street, between 15th and 16th.
, -•...'.. Telephone Mission - 109.
REMOVED!
McGinn bros..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS and EMBALM-
ERS. to 224 and 226 McAllister st (For-
merly of Bl-ftddy nt. Tel. South 252.)
1^ -
pose of -her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. • '
PATTERSON — January 27. 1902. at her resi-
dence In- Washington", D. C. Mra. Carlile
P. Patterson, widow of Carlile P. Patterson,
superintendent of the United States Coast
and Geodetic Survey. ,
POPPLETON— In this city. March 1, 1902,
¦ Dean Stanton. beloved son of Ezra and Eu-
. nice C. Poppleton, a native of California,
aged 7 . months and 11 days.
SMITH — In this city, February 28. 1902, Jamea
Sraitli. beloved uncle of J. C. Flood, and be-
loved brother of the late Ann Flood, a na-
tive of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 80 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at »:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 940 Treat avenue, thence to St. Peter' -1
Church for services at 10 o'clock.- Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:10
o'clock train from Twenty-fifth and Valen-
cia street-i. No flowers. A requiem .hlRh
mass will be celebrated Monday at St.
Peter's Church for the repose of his scul. at
. 9 o'clock.
SMITH — In this city, February 28. 1902. Wal-
ter Scott, beloved son of Kllen and the late
William Smith, brother of William, Robert
and Adele Smith. Mrs. Jamee Murphy. Mrs.
E. Barretto. Mrs. B. Montgomery. Mrs. E.
Lane, Mrs. A. Bernard and Mrs. S. Cannon,
a native of San Francisco, aged 38 years 3
months and 29 days.
E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock.' at his late
residence, 1 Post court, off Pest street. be»
tween Hyde and Larkin. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. February 28, 1902, Wil-
liam H.. beloved husband of Maria E. Smith,
and father of William H. Jr.. George F..
Alexander D., Mary E., Edmond O.. Martha
A., Louis A., Walter A. and Arthur G.
Smith and Mrs. A. W. Horwege and the lat*
. Johana Ahlers. a native of Germany, aged
63 years 2 months and 12 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. March 2. 1902. at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1009 Dolores street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. Interment
private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car.
TELFER— In this city. February 28. 1902.
'William H.. dearly beloved husband of Ad-
die Telfer. beloved son of William and the
late Annie Telfer, and brother of Frank.
Richard and Robert Telfer, Mrs. I. B. Koch
and Mra. George .W. Cavanaugh, a native of
Fan Francisco, aged 3G years 7 months and
12 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
. (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from, his late resi-
dence, 85 Stanley place, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PACIFIC PARLOR No. 10, N. S. G. W.— Offl-
,-- cers and members of Pacific Parlor No. 10,
N. S. G. W., are. hereby notified to assem-
ble ' at the residence of our late brother,
William H. Telfer. 35 Stanley place, Sun-
day morning, March 2. at 9:15 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending funeral.
ROLAND M. ROCHE, President. ',
J. C. MILLER. Recording Secretary.
VAN PELT— In the City and County Hospital,
March 1. 1902, John Van Pelt, a native of
California, aged 48 years.
VAUGHN — In this city. February 28. 190».
at her residence. 930 Sanchez street, Mrs.
Elizabeth Vaughn, wife of the late A. H. .
Vaughn, and beloved aunt of Mrs. Asa
Phelps and Mrs. E. F. Tway,\a native of
Londonderry, aged 70 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
'Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
' dence. 930 Sanchez street, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WONDERLICH— In Oakland, February 28,
1902. John P. Wonderllch. father of Mrs.
Kate Brandon. Mrs. Ella Miller. Mrs. Jesse
Watson and S. G. and B. W. Wonderllch, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 71 years 3
months and 23 days.
IDTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at. his
late home, 1069 Grove street, corner Twelfth,
Oakland.
<>fianahan Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. .
107 POWELL ST.»«a«EUJS 2S£ 5056
•j-;j_V' ]PER SQIVAL.S.
A' RUPTURE- truss with steel springs.'" has
been used for 100 years without change; few
cures have been made with such trusses; is
It not time for a change? Hunter's "Lever
Rupture Holder, has revolutionized the onti-
qu(.ted truss and has made It. possible- to
. make a cure in 90 days. ' The holder . Is
worn night and day without . torturing; a
continuous ' pressure is maintained during
. J the granulation and growth . of the. tissue
covering the breach; would a wound op the
• body heal if a hard pad was bound. on it?
Never. Has it not the same effect , on a
rupture? Hunter's Sanitarium. 1200 Market.
TACOMA, Wash., Feb. 17, 1902.
Dr. G. S. Moore, 332 O'Farrell St., San Fran-
cisco. Cal.— Dear Sir; Having heard" of your
wonderful hair restorer through Mrs. L. Fur-
nish of this city, but formerly of San Fran-
cisco, I take pleasure in writing for three (3)
bottles of this wonderful medicine, your price ;
she Informed me being three bottles for $5.
Please send C. O. D. -as soon as possible and
oblige. ' • .¦ MR. L. L. McREAVY.
304 French Block. Tacoma, Wash.
ABOUT your hair—To restore gray and : faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing and grow new^halr. The Star, Hair Rem.
edy Is superior to all other tonics and restora-
tives. It Is clean and healthful. Is not gummy
or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
385 Geary »t. The Star Remedy Co. ,
AN elegant line of remnants for t>uits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra, pair
of paits free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
st.. between Peventh and Eighth. "
ANY corn or bunion positively cured with Dr.
Halpruner's salve or money returned; 25c;
ask your druggist for it: also sent by mail.
Address MRS. HALPRUNER, 1501 Pacific
.ave., Alameda. Cal. - - . - •
WEALTHY gentleman with beautiful home,
excellent character and liberally disposed,
will marry for love and companionship. . MR.
¦ MORTON, room D. 404 Vine,, Cincinnati. O.
J. E. BATTEY, magnetic healer. Is now pre-
. pared to treat parties at their home; rheuma-
tism a specialty; satisfaction guaranteed.
Call or address .10 Ellis st.; phone Clay 241.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
26c fcj $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from <he ferry...
WHY guess T You can be certain of style and
j fit by using Standard Patterns;. March pat-
1 terns and The • Designer now .ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office, 1021 Market, tir. 6th.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rues, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 700 Fifth, Oakland.
WRITE at once for valuable book, sent free,
showing how to secure independent income
for life. Jumiapa Co., 614 Fullerton bldg.,
St. Louis, Mo. ' . :
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes. colored shirts to order; $1 each:
same as white shirts: selection 300 pattern*.
ALL my customers recommend their friends to
me; halrdrepslng, any style, 25c; switches,.
wigs. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave; Fend
dime and birthdate. PROFESSOR J. MY-
ERS, Chicago.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for'suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
taljor, 721 Market st.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Mlsn C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A school to learn halrdresslngr, hair work, man-
icuring.' Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st..- near Broadway.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
x Dr.G.S.Moore.332O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
HEALER, massaglst. eta. wants care of para-
lytic. DR. H.. 8 Montgomery ave.
FRANK N. — Send your address; will forward
money to come home; mamma sick. R. N.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
fc moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 42« Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hajr and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
I ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly ; 10c and 25c. All druggists. ;,
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 068 Sutter: tel.Larkln3171.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wlgi;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,' 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Mlefit Clothing parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'8 FRENCH. CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure:25o. all druggists.
PROrERTr WASTED.
HAVE client for large or small tract of land
(California or Mexico); suitable forXstock
raising: give particulars and price. W.
RUSSELL, 825 South Hope St., Los Angeles.
nooais forJ housekeeping.
ARIEL and SOLAR flats, 65"an7~Kn"Tur"k7tT;
first clans; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Bay-window parlor
suite and kitchen; grate and gas stove.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 425-427— New house"
Just finished 15th of this month; modern im-
provements; electric light hot and cold wa-
ter in every room; price reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— A large sunny bay-
' window suite of 2 rooms; gas range, bath.
HAYES, 738 — Sunny furnished front rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 823 — Large sunny room for house-
keeping; also single. :V. •%
HOWARD, 1063— One completely furnished
sunny hskpg. rm. ; run. water range, etc.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front alcove iulte com-
plete for housekeeping $20; also rear base-
ment, yard,, laundry, $14.
JONES. 614— Nicely furnished sunny front
' alcove, with kitchen; $22 50.' "-.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521—2 large rooms furnlsh-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; no
other roomers.
MARTHA place. 3, off Geary, between Mason
and Taylor — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas stove; . every, convenience. .
OCTAVIA, 1211 — Sunny furnished bay-window
room; double and single; kitchen it desired.
PARNASSUS ave., 217. cor. Stanyan st.. over-
looking Golden Gate Park — Front and back
parlors furnished for housekeeping; take
Halght or Ellis st. cars.". ' ¦- .
TENTH, 308 A— 4 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range and coal stove.-. • - ¦
THIRD, 415B— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
furnished; kitchen; gas;: bath.
THIRTEENTH, 189— Fine suite of rooms;
complete .for housekeeping; no children.: "
TWELFTH, 23 — 2 sunny furnished housekeep-
, -ing rooms; walking distance of Call; no
children. \ ¦ 5 ¦
VAN NESS ave.; 1000 — Large, nicely furnished
• sunny • corner parlor suite, j suitable for ¦ pro-
fessional use; -also housekepeing rooms and
other rooms. . •'.--.-. *-•-., "^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at . 1096
: '. Valencia »t. ' ' ¦ :'..->-.' -.: ¦
mm — — —^ mm — " -^ — i — — — . .— —
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAllister cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
26c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $6 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open nil night.
EURNETT, 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-'
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished nunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
35c, $1 50 night; $1 50. $6 wk.; open all night.,
$1 PER week — Furnished ¦ rooms. 820 Folsom
st... near Fourth. . ; . .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; . travelers accommodated.
GEARY,' 774- : -Largft' sunny front 'room,- with
alcove; water; use. of bath; furnished or un-
furnished;- private" family. •, . -*i
GRAND SOUTHERN. Hotel. 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges ;*ult.sln(cle;elcvat.
GRANT.' 245— New bachelor apartments; i fur.
I or.unfur. ; rultable physician. or, dentist; refs.*
GUKRRERO, 107 — Two newly furnished .rooms
•with f.se of bath, for single gentlemen;; $7:.
HOWARD, . 728 — Large room for "two; ¦ another
• for. $5 per month. ' - r > ¦-<¦.¦¦..¦
KEARN X. 34, and 47 Post— Orflce or sunny
furnished rooms: en cuite or single. ..< :
LAGUNA*. .1310," near \ Ellis — Sunny 7 cor. ; : fur-
nlHhed rooms; board optional; terms reason-
able; private family. , ... . - ...
LARKIN, 819 # — Single front room; gas, 1 bath
and phone; gentleman; $7- per. month. -••¦•;/,;.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Handsome • suites;
private baths; newly furnished single rooms.Had a Bunch of Skeleton Keys.
John L. Hurley was sentenced to six
months In the County Jail by Judge Fritz
yesterday for having burglars' tools in
his - possession. Pie was arrested Febru
ary. 21 by, Detectives Ryan and O'Dca and
when searched a bunch jof skeleton keys
was found In his pockets' He Is suspected
of- being the man who has robbed a num
ber of telephone boxes In different parts
of the dtr.MMMBHMHHaMBi
The market Is very firm and; prices. are again
Dried [Fruits, Nuts 'and. Raisins,
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal : - Session — 9:15 . o'clock— May— 4000
NEW YORIf, March 1.— FLOUR— Receipts, 1 .
24.030 barrels; exports, 21,065 barrels; steady,
but rot active.', 'y^j ; • ' ¦ " •
WHEAT— Receipts, 127,388 bushels; exports,'
104,421 ' bushels. • Spot, - steady. " No. ; 2 .• / red,
87Vic f. 0. b. afloat; No^ 2 red,' S8%c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 85%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 88%c f. 0. b . . afloat.
At first a shade lower on large deliveries ; on
March contract wheat rallied, with' coarse
grains, being : . helped - also by fears of cold
weather lti the wheat belt. In- the last ten
minutes prices . suddenly broke - and ¦ closed %c
net lower. March. 82% $82 7t10c^ cloned 82'Jic;
May.- 82'9-IC®82%c, closed' 82%c; .July, • 82%
closed 82&c; September, 81%@81^c, •
cloned 81 % c.^fflMHHttlBHi'ttmftfflaBgy^
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Inactive. •' . • . .,.,•»,
'. WOOL— Quiet and firm.
WHEAT— The ' foreign ;, markets continued
quiet and, Paris futures .were lower.-. '."..
, Chicago^ opened steady) 1 with a moderate de
mand,* but 'closed lower ;on' the 'day. • Most of
the pit - traders ' were ' on ' the : bear : side. The
market was somewhat sustained by the coarse
grains," : . 'which .were, very , : strong.- with • Oats
leading, due to the covering of shorts. South-'
em Kansas and Oklahoma continued to send
In damage reports,- due to the lack of moisture
the damage being estimated at from SO to 80°
'per 'cent/-.. " ¦ ; ¦' •
In this market- shipping grades were'a; frac
tion (lower and futures were about lc off, with
slow, trading. « v . , :. ¦
t Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1' 10; milling $1 1214
@1- 15 per .ctl.' V; ¦¦¦-' "¦- ' ' > . ¦ ¦ ,
Wheat and Other Grains.
New York Grain and Produce.
Sterling Exchange. 00 days..... — • »i S rt
Sterling Cables, sight..;....:... — 4 89
Sterling" Cables _: - 4 00
New York Exchange,' sight..;... — ' . v. 15 . ;
Npw York Exchange,; telegraphic — 17^
Stiver, per. ounce ............... ¦—;]' K
ltiuxican uottu.it>. nominal.". ...... — 45%-
Exchange and Bullion.
Deciduous /and Citrus Fruits.
WANT WATERS OF DONNER
HAKE FOB IRRIGATION
Committee From Reno Now in the
City to Confer With James
JtTewlands.
Business In . local stocks and bonds was
quiet, even for Saturday, but the market was
strong. ' Market-street Railroad, in 5-share
lots, scld^at $87 50<gS8 25; Giant Powder was
higher at $78 50, and Spring Valley Water was
also firmer at $H!)@SS 60. 'The oil; stocks con
tinued dull. .' .. /
, Sacramento Gas and Electric was ex-dlvi
dend of 15c and West, Shore Oil 5c. "
¦¦ The : following were ex-coupon: Pacific Gas
Improvement, * $1 : Bay Counties Power Ccfm
pany 5a. 1030. semi-annual^^ the rate of 5
per cent, $56,250; Ferries and Cliff House Rail
way - Company ¦ t», 1914, semi-annual, at the
rate ot 0 pe'r cent, $19,500; Market-street Rail
way. (1st. con. uttge.). 5s. 1924." semi-annual, ¦ at
the rate of 5 per. cent, $128,100; Powell-street
Railway6s, 1912. semi-annual- at 'the rate o*
0 per cent, $21,000; Spring Valley Water Com
pany ti», 1900, teml-annual, at the rate of 6
per cent. $149,250; Stockton Gas and Electric
Company ; 6s,'. 1925, semi-annual, at the rate
ore per cent. $9000. Total coupons. $3S3.100.
.Giant Powder Company has -declared divi
dend 30 of -75 cents. per share.- -
The Geary-street, Park- and Ocean Railroad
Company .will pay a dividend of 60 cents per
share to-morrow. ..
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay 33c
per share March 5. "I'lnirii HIiiinrilllBfmiifMnil
• Sales of bonds and 'stocks on the Bond Ex
change in February were as follows:
; ; ' ¦•¦ ¦'•,'¦¦'.¦ .Number-. . Price
Shares During Mo.
Bonds— . '..>,- ' Sold. Low. High,
U. 8. Government. 600 ..... 1091;
Bay Counties Power Co.... 43,000 100 "
Hawaiian C. &.8..C0 4.000 .• aoV.
Los Angeles Railway Co..l9,000 120% 121^1
Los '• Anseles- Pacific . R.' ' R. . 3,000 '. ..... 101
Market-st: Ry. l»t con. -m. 58, 00O 121% 122
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal:.. 13,000 .1U*J 1UU
Northern Ry. Co, 'of Cal . .26,000 . 12: 123 V.
North. Pacific Coast R..R.. 33.000 109 JOOii
Oakland Transit Co.. ...... 1,600 121% •'• 122"
Oakland -Tran. Co., 1st c. m.26,000 110U " 111V,
Oceanic 'Steamship- Co./.:. 18.000 101 . 101%
Sacto. - Elec, Gas & Ry . . 7 . ¦ 5.000 05 1»
LONDON,; March 1.— Consols, 94 11-16; sil
ver, 25%d; cargoes on passage, quiet but
steady; English country markets, firm. ' ,- :
: .LIVERPOOL, 1 March 1 — Wheat, firm; -wheat
in Paris.- dull: flour In. Paris, ,, dull;- French
country 'markets, quiet,, steady; weather in
England, overcast. • ' .-¦ >x .
... COTTON— Uplands, 4 21-32d. . .
Foreign Markets,
NEW.WE3TERN HOTEL. '.
J C McKittrick, Texas* J Johnson & w, OaidA
J Klass. Wash K E Ltndell, Seattle
M D Shaw . Eureka W Def enor, B C '
C Cummlnss, Fresno W H Jackson, N T * T
C M Cunabf?. Mo . J W Roeklln. N Y
J H McAllsJer, Mo J Manning, Denver ¦
C N Tompkihs, Stktn E Stellenworf. Conn «
Mrs Sturees l& s. Or I H Loughltn. Seattle ¦
S S Patton. Los Ang fP Gibbons. lnd
B A Kelsey. Los Ang H Walker. Angel Is ;
L Elebred, Los Ang
HOTEL ARBIVALa
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of decided *sicrgy • appeared off the
coa*\ between Point Rey^s and Cape Mendo
clno Saturday forenoon and will probably move
rapidly eastward or Koutheaetward. Southeast
*iorm»warriir.ps ar* Ulepiayed along the entire
coast ulthouph hlrh northerly winds are re
j.ort.-i at Eurrka. The lowest 'pressure re-.
Tu f, ut San '"randsco* was 29.40 Inches and
th t highest velocity 48 miles per hour from
th»> Fouth*CRt.
~£ no * ''* filing at R«I Bluff and Carso'h
OOr and will probably fall Sunday morning at
many j;oirt« in Central and Northern Califor-
H*>avy rnlnis have f*llen over Central and
.^orthf-rn Callforala. The following river re
ports are received f5acram«-nto. 28.2, falling;
Msrysvii )f \:,a, falling; San Joaquln Brldce.
¦i • ¦ *-. rising, •?Mtfi^NBWirt^JijiB^ajflBfaiMHl
»,o,r~' >ca 'i. ma<io Bt Kan Prancleco for thirty
iv ' 5"" nir mldnirtit. March 2 1902:
Northern California— Rain or .mow Sunday:
r> sh south^afst. chanplng to high ' northwest
c V COOI 'I !n '""-thf-rn portion.
Southern California-Pain Sunday; snow In
h- mountain*; hlph nouthrrly winds, changing
to westerly: rool.r Sunday nljcht
«« ftaac!.o» and vicinity-Ram Sunday;
Astoria 23.78 48 48 NE Pt Cldyl 24
Baker 29.84 44 40 SE Snow .04
< "arson 29. C4 40 32 W Bnow .40
Kureka .. 29.64 M 48 N' Rain .18
Fresno 58
flagstaff 30.00 42 3« SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello Ida.29.98 SS 34 SE Cloudy .00
Iri-iependenee .29.78 48 4S S Cloudy .00
Los Atigeles.. 30.OO* 64 62 S Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30. 00 70 C8 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 29.76 60 48 NW Cloudy .40
Red Bluff 29.62 5fl 48 NW Bnow .64
Roscburg 29.66 48 44 Cloudy .72
Sacremento ..29.50 88 CO 8E ' Rain .4(J
Salt Lake 32 ...
Ban Francisco. 29. 50 66 C2 SE Rain .61
S. L. Oblspo GO
Kan Dlcgo ...30.02 «52 GO SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 2S.&6 62 48 W Clear .20
fipokane 29.96 4-S 4« 8 .. Pt Cldy .10
Nf-ah Bay 29.76 48 46 K Clear .84
Walla Walla.. 29. 78 54 62 8 Pt Cldy .00
WInnemucca .20.70 38' 3* N Snow T.
Yuma 29.94 74 74 ,S Clear _'.00
WASHINGTON, March 1.— To-day's state
ment of the Terasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows: -Avail
able cash balance, $175,361,866; gold, $88,821,>.
20». - * . ¦.. ;.";•• •;. I : v ¦;
The Treasury statement of. the- public debt
to-day shows that at the close of business
February 28. UW)2. the' debt, lesn cash in the
treasury, amounted to $1,004,550,025, a decrease
for the month of $1,370,846. The debt Is re
capitulated as follows: Interest-bearing debt,
$937,021,160: debt on which interest has ceased
since maturity. $1,316,270; debt bearing no In
terest, $301,080,488: total, $1,329,917,918. Th's
amount, however, does not Include' $816,075,089
in certificates and treasury, notes outstanding,
which are offset by an equal amount of cash
on hand held for their, redemption.
The cash In the treasury Is classified as fol
lows: Gold reserve. $150,000,000: trust funds
$816,075,089: general fund. $143,143,870; 'in na
tional bank depositories. $113,433,490; total '
$1,222,652,006, against- which there are demand
liabilities outstanding amounting to -$897,291.-
CJ9. which leaves 1 a cash balance on hand of
$325,361,866. . . ,•
Condition of the Treasury.
Northern . Business.
/PORTLAND. March 1.— Clearings, $357,269;
balances, $50,845. . ';,.-: V •¦ .
$S Sa *z tl 3
¦«ina i |I || I| |J I
Receipts of Produce.
FOR 8ATURTV»Y. MARCH L
Flour.'qr sks 12.CV* 1 "ool. sks. ...... • 119
Wheat, ctls...:. 2.7 h How. ctls 220
Barley, ctls 3,2* Its. bdls. ..... 100
Beans, sks...'.. . 4C tides, No...... 661
Potatoes, sks... 6Ar (Vine, gals 117,700
Onions, sks 90' Chicory, bbls... 70
Bran. sks. . . . .'..'. 1,025 Brandy, gals. .. . ; 6,200
Middlings, sks.. 745 Lime. bbls...... - ,4S2
Hay. tons 292 Quicksilver, flks 40
Straw; tons 67 Leather, rolls... 66
; - . OREGON.-
Potatoes, sks.... 285 .
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
at the port of New -York for the week were
¦valued at $9,679,719. - ¦¦., .....
NEW YORK. March /I.— Exports of specie
from this port to , all countries for this week
aggregated $905,810 silver' and $3,642,667 gold.
Imports of -specie were $83,090 in gold ; and
$45,244 In silver. • •„ . . -
Exports and Imports.
THE COAST RECORD.
NEW- YORK. March 1. — The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Practically nothing 1 was done In the stock
market to-day. Kaffirs -were dull "on reports
that Cecil Rhodes was seriously HI. It was
even rumored that . he was dead, but them
was no confirmation of the report. Americans
v.-er" stagnant and heavy on gold exports.
Gold to the amount of £20,000 has been re
ceived from Australia.- , .
London Market.
EGGS — Ranch, 15@16o ! ', for '. selected . large
and 14 %<& 15c for good to choice; store, 13%®
14c per dozen. /;- . . ; ¦ " :¦ ¦ ¦/.
BUTTER — Creamery. 29®30c per lb for fan
cy, 2S@28%c for firsts and 27@27%c for sec
onds;: dairy, 22%@27%c; store Butter, 17%«
20c per lb. ,»'- • '¦¦¦ ¦' • -¦¦ • ¦¦ • ¦ ,
CHEESE— New. ll%c; old. 10@llc; Young
America. 120>13c; Eastern, 13@15c per Jb.
Receipts • were 35,000 1 pounds, tubs and
cubes of Butter; 1788 cases of Eggs, 16,£km>
pounds of California Cheese,' - — - pounds of Or
egon ..Cheese . and ; pounds -of. Eastern
Cheese. 1 '" ¦ . • ' . - ' '- : .-.,.
The demoralization in Eggs continued yes
terday., Contrary to expectations, several large
northern orders; amounting to several hundred
cases,- -were secured by this market;. but In view
of the present excessive stocks they' were
merely, a 'drop In the bucket and produced no
visible effect. ' A week ago they would have
cleaned the floors. Everybody was scrambling
to sell, 'and store eggs were let go as low as
13 %c, while the large retailers reported that
they were offered the best ranch In lots- to suit
at 15@16c. - They did not buy much, 1 however,
as they expected another drop on Monday. • The
weather Is against' the market, as commission
houses are shy: about placing Eggs Into cold
storage In. wet weather, as they are apt to get
musty. Had 1 yesterday been a clear dry-day
large lines. would have gone Into. the Icehouse
but under the circumstances none went in, and
tho week closed with large piles on the floors
and a very demoralized market. ¦' ¦ . :
Cheese Is steady, though the Exchange yes
terday reduced its quotations to lie as the top
for full cream. ¦ ¦ • - • . , > ¦
The • scarcity in Butter continues, and as
stormy weather has started ¦ in- again there Is
no knowing when ' the current poverty of
stocks -will be relieved. With swollen • rivers
up north and . stormy seas . and breaking, bars
It Is difficult to get Into the market.
Dealers can get pretty much what they choose
to ask at the moment. ¦•¦ . . \ ¦ ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. March 1.— The statement of
the associated banks for the week ending to
day shows:
Loans, $938,101,200: increase, $1,433,600.
Deposits, $1,017,488,300; decrease, $1,085,900.
Circulation. $31,208,700; Increase, $34,400.
Legal tenders, (71,914,500; decrease, $511,
600. ¦
Specie. $102.4.33,500: decrease. $2,4e5.400.
Reserves, $204,438,000; decrease. $2,077,200.
Reserve ' required, $254,372,075; decrease,
$490,475.
Surplus, $0,975,033; decrease, $2,430,725.
Associated Banks 1 Statement.
Ban yrancUco data: Maximum temperature.
C3; minimum, 47; mre.ru 60.
The following maximum and minimum test
peratures were rt-j>orted from Eastern stations:
Boston M-30 1 Washington 60-48
Cincinnati 56-40|Omaha 32-22
Thllaaelplila <5O-5O'Kt. Louis 42-3«
Jacksonville 74-<»' Chicago .• w 44-34
New York 54-44 {Duluth 30-l«
Kantas City . .. .S8-2CJSalt Lake City... 32-30
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Beaton.
Eureka. 0.18 38.02
Hed Bluff 0.«4 25.32 22.05
Sacramento fl.46 14.87 16.70
*%n Francisco ... 0.65 14.83 18.04
Frewo ....' 4.94 9.94.
Independence .... 0.00 JI.07 6.7«
K«n Lult Oblcpo 1«.J9 27.04
Los Angeles 0.00 ' 7.S7 13.66
Can Diego 0.00 4.01 6.63
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate &* compared with those of same date last
eeason and rainfall In last twentj-four hours:
(120th SCeridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 1— 6 p. m.
Weather Report.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
600 Belcher 03 200 Ophlr 105
»00 Best & Belch. 21 300 Ophlr--. ....1 W,-,
300 Challenge Con is 400 Sierra Nev... 1 ja
300 Chollar 11 700 Union Con... 23
600 Con Cal & V.I 30 500 Yellow Jacket 1!»
SCO Con C & V.I 27 k. 500 Yellow Jacket' 18
4C0 Mexican ..... 50.1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Best & Belch. 211 700 Ophlr ..:..:. .1 05
200 Con CaV & V.I 25t SOO Savage 0*
100 Gould & Curry 11 e0O Sierra Nev... 1.1
200 Mexican 30| 600 Union 23
100 Mexican 31'
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco. Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
- NEW YORK. March 1.— Cotton closed 4 to
8 points higher. -
New York . Cotton Market.
BT. JOSEPH, March 1.— CATTLE— Receipts,
CO. Market nominal. Natives, $4 40<J£6 90:
cows and heifers, $175^5 50; veals, $3 50@
ti r>0: stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 £5.
HOGS— Receipts, 3700. Market steady. Light
and light \mlxed, $5 7030 65; medium and
heavy, $« 10\jti 45; pigs, $3 5005. v
SHEEP— Receipts, 60. Market steady.
ST.' JOSEPH,
CHICAGO. March 1.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Market nominal. Poor to medium, $4®
6*40; stockersand feeders, $2 25@5; cows,
$1 25@5; heifers, $2 25@5 25; canners, $1 25®
2 25; bulls, $2 50@4 60; calves. $2 50@6; Texas
fed steers, $4 50©5 75. - -' : . ¦. /..•.,¦
HOGS — Receipts, 12.000. - Mixed and butch
ers. $5 85516 40; good to choice heavy," $6 30@
6 42%: rough heavy. $6(3« 25; light, $5 75©
0 10: bulk of eales. to 95® 6 30. *T. ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market ' steady.
Lambs, weak. Good to choice wethers, $4 65@>
6 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 80@4 «0; Western
eheep, '$4 60@5 75: native lambs, $3 75@0 40:
Western Iambs, $5 50@6 40.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
GAME — Hare, <1 25@1 50; Rabbits, $1 60®
I 75 for- Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray
Geese. $3@3 60; White Gees*. 11 25r Brant.
$1 G0®2 per dozen: Honkers. $3@5;' Erfgltsh
Snipe, |3; Jack Snipe, ?2; Robins, nominal.
POUL1KY— Live Turkeys. 13@14o for Gob
blers and 15@16c for- Hens: Geese, per pair.
SI 50@l 75; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks. $4 60®
5 50 f or ¦ old and *6 5007 60 for young; Hens
$4 50@5 50; young Roosters. $7@8: old Roosters,
$4@4 60; Fryers. $6@6 60; Broilers, $5 50@C for
large and $4@4 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 60 per
dozen for old and $2 75<g3 for Squabs.
Receipts of Game* were twenty-two sacks
and the market . was firm. Hare, Cottontail
Rabbits and Geese were In demand and higher.
Brush Rabbits, and. Snipe' were firm at un
changed prices. . .- ¦ ¦¦¦ . . • • • ¦ .
Receipts of California 'were' light and the
close of the week found the rnarket firm. | Only
one car, of Eastern live Is Expected- for to
morrow's market and the Indications point to
a strong market for the ensuing week.
Poultry and Game.
Wheat— . " March. May. July.
Opening ............... 6 1»<i .' 6% 6%
Closing 6 1% 0% 6%
PARIS.
. Wheat — . / . March. May-Aug.
Opening... 20 85 - 2170
Closing ....20 85 2170
Flour — h - -¦ : .. • . • ¦-.; ¦
Opening 25 75 . 27 00
Closing ...+ .....:.......:.. 25 70 ¦ 26 90
LIVERPOOL.
LUMBER — The cargo price-list of Redwood
Lumber was revised on February 21, and a
general advance on rough clear, rough flooring
and select, half and three-quarter Inch rough
clear, v rustic, tank,, panel and flooring stock
and sappy clear of -92 -was made. The demand
for Redwood exceeds the supply.
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 4.90c:
Powdered, 4.75c: Candy Granulated, 4.75c: Dry
Granulated. 4.65c: Confectioners' A. 4.65»;
Fruit Granulated. 4.65c: Befit Granulated (100
,!¦ bags only). 4.55c; MatmollaA. 4.25c: Extra
C. 4.15c; Golden C. 4.05c; D, -3.95c; barrels,
10c more: half-barrels. 25c more: boxes. 60c
more; r,O-lb bag'. 10c more. No orders taken
for. less than 75- barrels or Us equivalent.
Homines, half-barrels, 5.15c; boxes, 5.40c
p«r lb. " - ....
COAX. OILr— Water White Coal OH. in bulk.
13%cy Pearl -Oil. «n cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; in
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, In bulk, 14c: In cases,
20%cr 86-degree Gasoline, * in bulk, 20c; In
cases..- 26%c. v
¦ TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon In cases and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb,. In 100-lb bags:
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases, Nq. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard OH,
extra winter strained, barrels, ,£5c; cases, 9Oc;
China Nut, 57%@68o per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. 70c: cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; .Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. barrels, 42%c; cases. 4»%c:
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63%c ' for Ceylon and
68%e for Australian. •
COALi — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, *9; Seattle, '|6 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7;" Coos Bay, $3 50: Wallsend, $8 30;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cumberland, $12
In bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. — -: Welsh Anthracite. $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks:. Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, Cc; San
Quentin, $5 55; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c.»'\ |
General Merchandise.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 18@25c; dairies,
18@23c. Cheese, firm, 10%@12Vic. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 25c. . . * , . . • ¦ . .*.
Articles — . .• Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 25,000 . .- 29,000
Wheat, bushels 50.C0O \ . 73,000
Corn, bushels .....116,000 87,000
Oats, bushels 114,000 . , 127,000
Rye. bushels 4.000 . ., ¦ 2.000
Barley. 4>ushels , . ......... 10,000 .-.<«..
Cash quotations were 'as follows: -Flour,
dull: winter patents, $3 80®4: straights, • $3 20
Si/3 70; clears. $3@3 40; spring specials, $4 20;
patents, $3 20@3 70; i straights, $2 90@3 20;
No. 3 spring wheat, '72@76c; No. 2 red, S1V4
fi82Mc; No. 2 yellow, 61%c; No. 2 oats, 45c;
No. 2- white, 45%<??>47c; No. 3 white. 45%@
46%c; No. 2 rye, 59c; fair to. choice malting
barley, 59®61%c; No. '1 flaxseed. $1 63; No.
1 Northwestern, $1 68; prime timothy seed,
$6 30; mess pork. ' per barrel, $15 25@15 30:
lard, per 100 pounds. $9 17%@9 20; short riba
(rlrtea (loose), $8 20@8 35; 'dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 7%@7}4c; short cjear - sides (boxed),
$8 60@8 70. ¦ :.-¦-• v ¦•¦--<¦•. ¦¦
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 15®20c per lb
for No. 1 and 1 8@12%c for No. 2; Rhubarb,
8@llc; Green Peas, from. Los Angeles. 6@8c:
String Beans, "from Los Angeles, 6@12%c, In
cluding'Wax;-Cabbage, 40@50c per ctl; Las
Angeles Tomatoes/- 75c@$l 25 ¦; per box and
$1 25@1 50 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes,' Sl@
1 !50 ¦ per box • • for ' repacked ; Dried • Peppers,
12%@'15c per lb; ; Los Angeles do.; 15@17%c:
Dried Okra, : 12 %©15c per lb; Carrots, ¦ 35^
50c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1@1 25
per dozen for large and 50@75c for small; Gar-
Ur. liiffrSWc: Lo«> Ancles Gre^n Penpers, 12%
020c; Mexican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant • from
J^op - An^elea, :. Summer Squash 'rom Los
Angeles, $2; Marrowfat Squash, $8@10 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $8010; Mushrooms. 25e
@$1 50 per box.. ¦
ONIONS— Oregons.-'l'l 75@2 15. first hands:
Australian. ?3©3 25; ' Green On'.ons, 50^65c
per ixix: • :; • .-.-,'
POTATOES— 51 10@l 30 for Burbanks from
the river; .Oregon 'Burbankii, $1 25@1 60: Ore
gon Garnet ¦ Chiles, $1 35@1 60; River Reds,
$1 50@l 60; Early Rose, for seed. $1 50^1 75;
small Burbanks. for seed. %l 26@1 45; Sweet.s,
$1 40 for Merced. -• - • ¦•-¦• • ¦¦¦-'¦: ¦' ••¦¦.' if'i
1 Offerings of - Asparagus > and' Rhubarb were
more liberal and. prices had a wider range as
considerable off stock , came to band. Peas
and Beans .from Los.-. Angeles were offering
freely at lower' prices as the receipts showed
the effects of the rain in that locality. To
matops were weak, as 'the steamer from Mex
ico which Is now due. will bring heavy sup
plies.' Two sacks of Green Peas came to' hand
from Irvlngton. Alameda County, and sold 7o
per pound. ... . . , . -. :
Onions remain . as ' before quoted, with ' few
salen renorted at the too quotation. . -
The Potato. market continued dull. Holders
showed no disposition, to reduce prices and
buyers were holding off, awaiting the arrival
of the : Oregon steamer, which was due with
large supplies.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HOGS — Live . Hogs, ' 200 lbs . and under. 69
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 5%©5%c; feeders. 5% c;
sows. ,20 per cent off; boars. 30. per cent off.
and stags, 40* per cent off front the above quo
tatlons. t ¦ > •
LAMBS — Sucking . Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head, or 5%@6c per lb. live weight; yearlings,
4%®5c per lb. .
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
6%@7%c; thin Cowa 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4%©3c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4®4%c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). . ¦
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follow* : . .
BEEF— 6%@7%o for Steers and 6®6%c par lb
for Cows. .'.¦< . .
VEAL— Large. 7®Se; smalt 8©9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%«8%c; Ewes. 7%«Sc
per pound. . . .
LAMB— Yearlings. 8®10c per lb; Spring
Lamb, 12%c per lb . ,
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©9c per lb. '.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED • MEATS.
Local packers report plenty of Hogs coming
in, though there is no over supply. The other
descriptions remain about as before, . • '
San Francisco Meat Market.
¦ Dealers In Beans are reporting rather more
firmness owing to the recent llghtneib of re
ceipts, but trads Is still quiet
iikANfe— Bayos 1 . f:: «5&S *W: Small White,
$2 90©3 15: Large White, $2 63@2 75;. Pea,
$3 50@4: Pink, $1 00<J2 20;. Red. |2 76®3:
Blackeye, $3 75@4; LI mas, $4 40® 4 CO; Red
Kidneys, $3 85@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. (2 65@2 75: Yel
low Mustard, $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 25® 2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
9@9%c; California, S@8%c; Rape, l%@2ftc;
Hemp. 3%c Der lb.
. DRIED PEAS — Nominal. - ,
Beans and Seeds.
"Shingle mills are not rushed eo much now,
for the Middle Western and Eastern demands
are smaller because the trade requirements do
not begin nntll the. .early and middle spring.
The redwood shingle is becoming a great fas
ter throughout the entire length and breadth
of America and orders are coming in for ex
port shipments. - Reports from the' Pacific
ICorthweet would tend to show that lumber
men are making experiments with Oregon pine
for the purpose of seeing what can be <5one
with It in the eh ingle line. Taken as a whole,
the lumber trade is In a far better condition
to-day than for i*any years past, and manu
facturers, Jobbers and retailers have no cause
1 or tie least of complaints save that suffi
cient stocks are difficult to secure."
"Sugar and Cahtomla white with yellow
pine are having aa equally heavy demand for
s.11 purports 01 construction and the box trade
¦will m&ke even heavier inroads into Blocks
than last season. The Eastern and Middle
¦\Vttterri call tor these beautiful woorir is
growing and tliere is not a company In the
irifcu whic-li can fill orders that are rushing
in ui»on the plants. This, although a season
cf guicwfli? Jn tne mill districts of the Cali
fornia . xtlne <- .rt ;<¦: . ie not one for the office
fore**. lor tbe inquiries for the lumber are so
frequent that, in many .cilice*, additional
clerical force Is an absolute necessiay.
'•In the Oregon pine zone and that of the
Tactile Northwest eenerally. together with the
tpruce and fir circles, a great Impetus Is no
ticesble. and the manufacturers anticipate a
record-breaking year. The mills are crowded
•with orders lor luture delivery, both from for
eign jiarts as well as foi domestic delivery.
There i* not a mill on the Pacific Coast which
ehould not improve its large record made in
1SKJ1. ~^ t y, . " i .. . .
••llcdwood is in ever-increasing demand both
for domestic and foreign shipments, while the
loc&l building requirements have beeti heavy
and exacting. T&e Pacittc Coast is enjoying
a rr.ot encouraging rush o£ business, with cap
ital seeking reaJty investments and a corre
spinding improvement or euch property as has
beta bought. ! Old otflo^ buildings are being
renovated, while urban and suburban house
construction is making strides unapproachea
by any beason ot the years beiore. For all
tnese purpose^ redwood is coming into general
usage ar j the manufacturers of tne ttnee coun
tie* of ¦'Meaclocino, Del Korte and Humboldt
¦re making the mott of a hearty call for their
redwood outputs. The redwood export rrice
list bas been advanced $2 per M along certain
lines of what rclrrht b: called least resistance
end creater demand.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says of Lum
ber; "There Is usually, In all trada circles, a
period of comparative lMlrrsncts, and the
Dcmth of February In all years seems to rettle
lUclf as this epoch of dormancy. Although
the orders for lumbrr have been heavier during
the last twcut> -citht days than for the ccrre
*pon<Mng periods of the last seven years, still
there has been a vltSble falling off In the
lumber trade, but not enough to cause any
doubt as to the future of the lumber business
lor 1902. A general cleaning out of stocks
ha* b*en the rule throughout the past month,
but tbis ia welcome to all the trade, both
retail and manufacturing. Prices have been
stiff for all grades and species and the ten
dency eeems to be toward further advances
ail «.lons the line.
BUSINESS ACTIVE IN FEBRUARY. WITH
AN ADVANCE IN* REDWOOD CARGOES.
The Lumber Trade.
U B ref 2s reg 108& L & N Uni 4s 101%
U 8 ref 2s coup.. 101) Mexican Cent 4s.. 82%
U S Ss reg 109 Mex Cent let Inc. 31%
TJ S 8s coup 10!» Minn & St L 4s. .100
U S new 4s retr..l39% Mo. Kans AT 4«. 09%
U 8 new 4s coup.J39y 4 ;Mo. K & T 2ds.. 83 1
U S old 4s reK...lll%N Y Cent lsts...lO3%
U 8 old 4s coup.. 112% !N Y C sen 3%s..lO9
U S 5s reg 106% N J Cent gen 6a. 137
U S 6a coup..... 106% ;N Pacific 4s 105%
Atchisan cen 4s..lO4'i!N Pacific 3s 104^1
AtchiHon adj 4s.. 93*ijN.& W con 4»...103Vi
Bait & Ohio 4s... 103% I Reading cen 4s.. 99%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 86 iS L & I M con 5S.118V4
B & O conv 4s... 107 -K St L & S F 4s. . .-. 98
Canada So 1 2ds...ll0%,St L Swstrn lsts. 98%
Cent of Ga 5s 110%'St L Swstrn 2ds.. 79y 4
Cent Ga 1st inc.. 79 w S A & A P 4s... »2
Ches & Ohio 4V-S.107V2 So Pacific 4h..... 95
Chiro & Alt 3%s.. 84% So Railway 5s... .120%
C B & Q new 4s. 95% Tex & Pac lets.. .120^
C,M & SP gen -Js.113% Tol. Bt L & W 4s. 85
C & NW con 7s.. 138% Union Pacific 4s.. 106%
C. R I &. P 4~s..-.Ill% U P conv 4 106 .
C.C.C & SLgenls.lOTJn Wabash IsU ....119
Chgo Terminal 4s. 88 Wabash 2do .....111
Colo & So 4s »4% Wabash deb B...: 74%
Den & Rio G 4b. .102% *>« Shore 4s. ..112%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 09 W Se L E4n,ex Int 91%
Kris «en 4s R7S WIs Central 4s... 90
F W & D C lsts. 113% Con Tobacco 4s... 65%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO9 J
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel pfd 94%
Call loans 3®4 Westinghs Com.. 88
Time loans 404% Mining —
Xjonds — Adventure 22Vi
Atchlson 102 Allouer 4
Gas 1st* 83 Amalgamated «... C0%
Mexican Cent 4s. 81. Baltic 4CV4
N E Gas & Coke. 68 Bingham 23 (
Railroads — Calumet A Hecla.610 *
AtchUon 75V; Centennial . . . ... . 17
Atchlson Dfd' »0% Copper Range... . 70
Boston & Albany. 265 Dominion Coal. ...ID "
Boston & Maine.. 191 Franklin 14%
DoMon Elevated.. 161% Me Royale. ...... 20%
N T. N H & H..212% Mohawk ......... 37%
Kltchburg pfd... .145Vi Did Dominion..... 22
Union Pacific ' »S% Oseeola . .- 75%
Mexican Central. 27% Parrot 32
Mlncellaneou* — Qulney ......... .137
American 8uKar..l2S'i Fanta Fo Copper. 3%
Am fiugar prd....ll»H Tamarack 225
Am Tel & Tel...'.K>5V4 Trlmountaln ...;.1O5
Dom Iron & Steel M% Trinity 15%
Uim Electric ... W<% United States.... 17%*
Mars Elec pfcl.... 00% Utah 23%
N E Gan & Coke. f» Victoria ....;....< 5%
United Fruit iOVj Wlnona I»y
U S Steel.J 4X"i Wolvurlnn ¦ .52 ,
Total sales. 95,400
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS,
NEW YORK BTOCK LIST.
Bale*, High. Ixiw. Close.
Atchlson 4,700 76% 70 78%
Atchison pM 100 '.17 07 00 V
Pjilt & Ohio 6,400 104% llti% 104
Bait & Ohio pfd .... o.'««i
Canadian Pacific*.. 1,600 115% 115»i 115%
Canada Houthern ¦ .... g7U
Ch*s«p * Ohio ... 300 Hi\i 4f.'4 4l»'
Chi & Alton loo ;!5 : h a:»"i x><&
Chl it Alton pfd... 100 75 75 75
Cht lnd & Louis.. 200 Kl% c,:iy UiU
Chl 1 St Louis pfd. 100 70. 7U 78%
Chl & K Illinois .. 100 147U 147U 148
Chl & O Weetern.. WK) 2»Vi 21 24%
Chi tc O W A pfd. SOO fcS 87% X7»i
Chl ft O W 11 pfd 45it
Chl & N W 200 217% 217 21»'
Chl R I & P 101 Ug
Chi Term k. Trn.. 100 17 17 ' 17
Chl T & Trn pfd. «00 32 32 32
C C C & St Louis. 1W 100% 100% lOO'.i
Colo Southern .... • 4,800 'J2% 22 22Vt
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 Ol» *S% «O«t
Colo South 2d pfd. 50i) 36% 36*U 3Gy«
Dela & Hudson ... 100 172% 172Vi 171%
Dela Lack & W 282
Denver & a G 100 43 43 43
Denver & R G pfd. 100 .02 02 01>i
Erie "3,500 liUVi, 558 :i&' ¦
Erie 1st pfd 1,000 O8H 08 ' «8',i
Erie 2d pfd 100 55»i 55% 55%
Great North pfd 184%
Hocking Valley 67
Hocking Val pfd 83%
Illinois Central ... UK) lS9«i 139% 130 \*
Iowa Central 1U0 481a 48% .47%
Iowa Central pfd 78%
Lake Erie & W... Wl%
Lake E & W pfd ¦ 131
Louis & Nash 1,000 104 lOU'j, 104%
Manhattan L 700 132% 132 182 U
Metropolitan S It. 7.000 103 168 1«S%
Mexican Central... 400 28U 2S'i 2S
Mexican National.. 8.300 18H 17% 17*»
Minn &. St Louis.. 100 108&; 103«i 108%
Missouri Pacific .. 5,800 iKi'% »9>4 09%
M K & Texas 34T»
M K & T pfd 100 54tj 54'j- Wj
N J Central 100 102 192 191
N Y Central 162%
Norfolk & West... l.fcOO 58 <>7;i C7%
Norf & W pfd .... 90
I Ontario & Western. SOO Xi% XtV. xi^
\ Pennsylvania 4,100 150% 150 150%
I Reading ...• 1,800 50% 55^4 55»<,
I Reading 1st pfd... 000 81 80% 80%
: Reading 2d pfd .. 17.100 «7% «7% 07%
¦ st Louis & s F ... ::(m» 00 r.9? v 09H
i St L & S F 1st pfd. 2UO 8t 81 S3
i .St L & S F 2d pf d. 100 72% 72% 72%
Ft Louis S \V 26
St Louis S W pfd ¦.. 57%
St Paul 3,100 1C2»4 ' lC2«i 102%
St Paul pfd IR'1
; Southern Pacific... 11.000 W 6.3% («»i
J Southern Railway. 3..1W S2% :\2% 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 05% 95>i 05 U
Texas & Pacific .. 400 40V. 40>4 , 40»,i
Tol St L & W... 100 23U 2:{>/i 22%
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 41 41 | 40%
Union Pacific ' 6.SO0 P9 98% 9S%
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 87% 87% S7%
Wabash 1.100 24 23% 23%
Wabash pfd 900 4.J 42% 42&
Wheeling & L E.. 100 19% 19% 1914
W & L E 2d pfd.. .:...- 31%
Wisconsin Central. 400 21% 21 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 700 43 42% 42%
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American 230
United States 115
Wells-Fargo .... 190
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 14,700 70% 69% 70
Amer Car & Fndry 400 211 2S% 2S%
Am Car & Fdry pfd 200 • 83% 88% 88%
Amer Linseed Oil... 1!)
Am Linseed Oil pfd ' 50
Am SmJte & Refns 600 47U 47V4 . 47
Am Emtg & Ref pfd .... 98
Anaconda Mining.. 200 :i2»4 32U :;2%
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 4,100 64% 64 64
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3,900 88 86% 87Vi
Consolidated Gas.. 9,600 218% 218^4 218%
Cont Tobacco pfd 117
General Electric 293V-
Glucose Sugar 200 41 44 43 '
Hocking Coal 16%
International Paper . 100 20 20 19%
Inter Paper pfd .200 75% 76% 75U
International Powr 88
Ladede Gas 85
National Biscuit... 100 47% 47% 47%
National Lead ' 17
National Salt 25
National Salt pfd is:i
North American 02
Pacific Coast 72
Pacific Mall 100 47 47 46%
People's Gas : loo im% 93% 99%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 39% 39% 3f>H
Press Steel Car pfd 300 83% 83% R.3
Pullman Pal Car jm.. 217
Republic Steel 000 16% lfl^i M%
Republic Steel pfd. 70Ct 71% .. 71% 71%
Fusar 3.000 -12S!i 128% 12S%
I Turn Coal & Iron.. 5,100 60 68 68V4
Union Bag & Paper l, r ,%
Union D & P pfd 78
U 8 Leather 100 11% 11% 11%
U 8 Leather pfd... 100 SIVi 81 U 81 %
U S Rubber 300 15% 16% lfii^
U B Rubber prd... '100 f>5% 65% 55%
II 8 Steel 4.400 43% 43 43%
TT 8 Steel pfd 3,700 02 94% 94%
Western Union .... 00%
Amer Locomotive.. 1,200 31% 31% '31%
Amer Locomot pfd 200 . 92% 02% 02
terh . t°. ut ] >fait w|n<!f> ch *nrlns to high north
west Winds; cooler.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
• Forecast Official. ,
Bank Clearings.
«>5cal bask clearings during tht past wk
¦»«r« *24.tl5.1«7. asalnst 924.1S6.S04 durln; th«
uac week last yrar.
HOPS— ll@12o for fair and 12%®14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17 %o for shipment.
i WOOL — Fall, San Jcaquln, 6@Sc; San Joa
quln Lambs', 7% 98 tic; Middle County, 8@10o
per lb; Valley Oregon, spring, 15£215%c; do
fall, 14015c per lb. *
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands Mil
•bout l%o under quotations. Heavy talttd
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light. Oc; Cow
Hides, Oc for heavy and 8%o for light; Stag*.
7c: Baited Kip, 9c: Baited Vtal, O^c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 10%«; CulU, 14o; Dry
Ktp, 14c; Dry Calf, I80; Culls and Brands,
16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 16©J0c each; »hort
Wool, 40<a«0c each: medium, 65075c; Ions
Wool, 80c®$l 10 each; Hors« Hides, salt. 12 75
W-i tor large and <2 CO for medium, $1 ?5&2
tor •mull and 60o for Colts; Horsa Hide*, dry.
$1 75 for large, $1 23^1 60 for medium, $1 25
for email and COo for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red skins, 35c: fall or medium skins,
SOo; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
Prime Angoras, 76c; large and smooth. '60c;
medium, 85c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. E%G6o per lb:
No. 2, 4%O5c; grease, 2%©3c. .
Press dispatches from tho East are reporting
quieter Wool markets there, but this market
shows no signs of any falling off. Buyers aro
still In th« Ban Joaquln Valley, negotiating
for the early -spring clip. ' . •
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There has been a good demand ¦ for bonds,
mostly for some of the speculative issues.
United States 3s registered were % and do
coupon, and the n*w 4s were % per cent over
the closing call of last week. . - ¦•
The period of crop uncertainty is also at
hand. On Wednesday of this week .reports
of damage to the winter wheat crop . were
made an effective Instrument in the hands of
the bears in the stock market. They expressed
apprehension, likewise, that labor troubles may
develop durlns the spring, especially In the
coal fields. Wall street awaits some" further
light on these questions.
Much weight has been attached by specula
tors to the expected development of plans for
further consolidations, as they may be af
fected by the Northern Securities Company's
fate. The proposed suit against this company
by the Government necessarily brings into
question not only its own future, but that of
many other projects designed on the same
lines. The ssttlement of the Government's
suit is recognized to be a matter of months
and perhaps years, and no one supposes that
the stock market will lie stagnant all that
time. There are. factors, Of more. immediate
application which promise uncertainty in the
speculative sentiment. The money outlook Is
by no means clear and the resumption of gold
exports on a large scale -Is a complicating
factor. It is clear that the gold has gone out
in payment of maturing of obligations abroad,
and the growing demands on the foreign cred
its Indicates that further calls will- be made
by this country's foreign creditors. The specu
lation in Kaffirs In London has apparently
culminated for the time, and the taking up of
contracts in these has required resort for
loans to the Bank of England on an enormous
scale. The weekly statement of the Bank of
France reflects the same tendency there. , The
supply of exchange bills In our market Is very
Ecanty. owing to the small outward movement
of frraln and cotton, and the alternative for
American debtors Is to ship gold. A consider
able outward moven»nt Is expected during the
cominK month. The interior is already show
ing ¦ evidence of spring requirements for cur
rency. With New York surplus reserves of
modest dimensions, such a simultaneous de
mand from both directions is likely to result In
straichtened circumstantes for those depend
ent upon call loans, as the majority of specu
lators are. • ¦
The distinctive feature of the dealings In
the stock market this week has been the prom
inence of the lees important stocks which are
not Immediately allied with the great rail
way systems and the Industrials of amall cap
italization and which aro affected only by In
dividual causes and are not a barometer of
general conditions. Interest has shifted from
one to another of these during the week.
Usually some ostensible reason was advanced
for the buying of the particular stocks af
fected, but they were for. the most part vague
rumors and there were often sudden relapses
In prices when rumors failed of confirmation
and the speculative pools responsible for . the
movements bad taken their prints. The sum
of these movements helped out the appearance
of activity- in the market for much of the time,
.but they were in ¦ reality a 1 symptom of the
underlying neglect and Indifference of capital
'to the market. As for. the general market as
a whole it has maintained a fairly firm under
tone, notwithstanding the tendency toward
stagnation. That . is to say. holders are not
seeking to market stocks while. the demand la
so Blight that the sales/ could be effected only
at concessions in prieef This agrees with the
widely held theory that a very large- volume
of securities, representing the proceeds of con
solidations, is In Etrons hands and that thi
complete success of the i consolidations cannot
be said to be assured until the securities find
ownership .with the investing public. .
NEW YORK, March l.— The | stock market
was very listless and Idle to-day and reflected
declining Interest even on the part of the pro
fessional traders. Many of these have taken
advantage of. the dull business on* the Ex
change to no away for spring vacation trips,
and the ab*enc« from the "street .of many of
the bankers -and railroad proprietors wbo are
usually concerned in large doings vhowithe
general acquiescence Jn tho I present state of
ihlngft. The vmull traders whoso dealings
mnko up the market devoted their attention to
tho 1ms Important stocks which have occu
pied them for some time past. With the e %¦
o-Mlon of a rise of '2fi In Amerlcun Cotton
Oil, said to be due to favorable trade condi
tions, there was no movement of sufficient Im
portance to chronicle. The room shorts cov
ered on the publication of the bunk statement
and imparted some slight strength to the mar
ket. .
New York Stock Market.
All handler! of Feedstuffs are r* porting a
very weak market, though there l§ no further
decline. Hay is also weak, but tht market Is
In strong hands, which are keeping It up very
well. . * ¦ • • , ¦»,
imAN— $17(31» per ton.
MIDULINOW— «1O 60^20 BO per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $10 50^20 p«r
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27<82fl; jobbing,
t-iHM^TJ, Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn Meal,
IVtffWl'; Cracked Corn, • I'll 64)^32 50; Mixed
Feed, $10017 60; Cottonseed Meal, $20 SO.
. HAY— 'Wheat. $10012 60; Wheat and Oat.
•9012: • Oat. *8®il; Alfalfa, 18011: Clover.
hwj; Volunteer, so BOQO; Stock,, wis eo p«r
l °BinAW-40Qe5o per bale.
Hay and Feedstiiffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' 'Extras, $3 40<3>3 60;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and S3
@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers, |3@
3 60. : • i
¦ MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual , discount to the trade: Graham
Flour," $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75; Ry*
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 20;
extra cream do.- %i; Oat Groats, $5; .Hominy,
$404 25; Buckwheat Flour, S4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, f* CO; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats I (barrels), $0 85iS8 35;
In sacks, $6 60«8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split
Peas, $5; Green Peas, $« 50 per 100 lbs.-
Flour and Millstuffs.
COTTOLENE— On« half-barrel. 9%c; threo
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
«%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. <•',•,
LARD-rTierces quoted at 8o per lb for com
pound an« 10%©llc for pure; half barrels,
pure. ll«c: 10-lb tins. 11 %c: 5-lb tins. U%c;
3-lb tins, 12c.
CURED ; MEATS— Bacon. - 12e per 1b for
heavy. 12%c for light medium, 13%o for light
14%c for extra light and 15c- for sugar-cured •
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12 V4 © 13c : -Califor
nia Hams. 11%@12%c; Mess Beef, $9 50«10
per barrel; extra Mess, $10 50^11; Family,
ill B0©12; prime. Mesa Pork, |15; extra clear.
#22 60@23: Mess. $13 C0@10; . Smoked Beef,
13%@Uc per lb.
Chicago was off. again and dull, the market
having no support beyond the covering of
shorts. This market continued dull and un
changed. ' .
Provisions.
July. 9e2%-9D5 9 60 9 50
Short ribs,- per 100 pounds-
May ........... 8 45 8 45 8 45 8 37%
July 8 55 8 67% 8 47% 8 47%
September 8 C7% : 8 67% 8 62% 8 62%
Articles— Open.. High. Low. Close.
M^^.^-JT 77 -77 76% 76%
July .... 77% . 77%. 7Gtf 77
Beptanbtr Toft 76$ ' W 78-
Mfy 1 ?.. 1 ?. 0 :.?". 62% C2V4' 61U ' Pl%
July 62 • 02 61 61
September 00% " 00% 69% " 69 Vi
MayV.. 1 ?*.^. 45 . 46% 44% 45
July... 36% 37$ . .35%- .. 3C%
September 31 31 30^ 20%
Mess pork, per barrel—
May ....... 1. ..15 60 15 67% 15 45 15 45
July 15 C5 15 70 15 00 15 eO
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May ..../. 9 40 9 42% 9 37% 9 87%
• CHICAGO, March 1.— The early, flurry in
oats yas the outcome of a rumor that a heavy
holder of May oats was ordering No. 2 mixed
oats out of • regular elevators «f or the purpose
of shipping as much I as possible | of contract
stock out of Chicago. , Shorts regarded this as
a challenge and for the first hour there was a
lively scramble to cover. There was some
prospect that an attempt was being | made to
force values before the Government crop re
port.' which is expected March 10. Receipts
continue slow, and there are no Indications to
point to an early increased movement. Storms
are breaking up the roads. ' These Influences
aided in the manipulation, which did not come
entirely unexpected. I Nervousness . prevailed
all morning and tho trade was heavy. May
opened V4@ Via up at 44%@45c, eased momen
tarily to ,44%44%c~and then . went upward
with quick jumps to 46%c. One buyer got
nearly 1,000,000 bushels at i the high* figure.
Later the market quieted down and on absence
of demand prices slid back as quickly as they
advanced. May touched 44%c and closed still
firmer, %®>/4c higher at 44%@43c. ¦
Wheat was active at tfmes, but with a de
clining tendency that 'was checked , by the
strength early In the coarse grain market*.
The range was small and trade not heavy, and
all told there was ¦ little of importance. The
damage reports continued to come In from the
Southwest, but tho crowd was slow to believe
them, and on the heavy rains the 1 feeling: was
Inclined to be bearish. May. opened a shade
higher to a shade lower at 77c to 7QTaC, held
steady near those prices the first hour or so,
and then, when corn broke, eased. off to 76%c,
May closed easy, %o lower at 70%@76%c.
' Corn was active and somewhat nervous. -The
«nrly market was Inclined to ba bearish, but
iho up-turn In oat» caused a firmer teellnjr.
May closftd h^avy and weak, %©%c lower at
01 %c. The late market was very weak, owing
to heavy short selling and uncovering of stop
liiuM orders. • ,ILX' L> *• ¦ _.
Provisions opened with a better tone. The
light receipts and htgher.prlc.es at the yard*
wer<« factors. On the bulge packers offered
freely and on the grain slump prices eased
yenterday. Maypork closed- 2%o lower, lard
unchanged and ribs 6$7Vic lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Lumber active, with an advance in Redwood.
Local stocks and bonds quiety^-
Weekly Bank Clearings gain slightly. over 1901.
Exchange and Silver about as before.
Wheat slightly weaker and Barley slightly tinner.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Feedstuff < quoted very weak. Hay unchanged.
Rather more firmness in Beans noted.
Butter still a: very scarce article.
Eggs in excessive supply and rapidly declining.
Dried Fruits show a tendency to advance again.
Provisions lower at Chicago and listless here.
Wool easier in the East, but firm here.
Hogs in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions dull and weak.
Spring Vegetables coming in more freely.
Poultry in light supply and firm.
Fruit market quiet, owing to the rain.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con " 60 1 Little Chief 28
Alice ..; 45 Ontario ...........775
Breece C5 Ophlr 05
Brunswick Con 07lphoenix ..08
Comsiock' Tunnel.. 05 Potosl .........;.. 10
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage 08
Deadwood Terra... 60, Sierra Nevada..... 11
Horn Silver 1 10 Small Hopes.... ,. 40
Iron Silver 67 Standard .........3 SO
Leadvllle Con 05 1
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills 1s 2% per cent- The rate of dis
count In the open market for 3 months' bills
is 2% per cent. . .
Consols. money.»4 11-16 HI K & T .......'. 24%
Do account. .04 15-1C Do prefd....... 56%
Anaconda 6% NY Central 166%
Atchlson 77% Norfolk & West." 59%
Do prefd....... l>f»»4 Bo prefd.'. :.'.-..' 02H
Bait & Ohio. ... .106'/$ Ontario & West. 33%
Canadian Pacific. 115% So Railway.... ,. 33%
Chesa & Ohio.... 47Vi Do prefd ... 08
Chi Gt Western. 24% Southern Pacific. ;' 05%
C M & st Paul.;ififl% Union Pacific 101%
Den & R Grande. 44Vi Do prefd....... 89
Do prefd „. 03%' U S Steel... .44%
Erie 39 Vi Do prefd «7%
Do It prefd 69«i Wabash 23-%
Do 2d prefd.... 57% Do prefd 44%
Illinois. Central... 143. Spanish 4s....... 76%
Louis & Nash... 106%i - ; :
Bar silver dull, 25%d .per ounce. Money,
2Km% per cent. • . ,
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
- Morning Session.
Board—
600 Aztec ' 1 to
300 Home, cash 3 90
5000 Petroleum Center, e 90 06
10,100 Petroleum Center, b 30 . 07
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Boa-rd- • , - =,i->
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 163 50
30 California Fruit Canners ..07.50
80 Clant Powder Con 78 50
10 Market-st Railway 87 ."><>
5 Market-st Railway .— S7 75
5 Market-st Railway SS 00
5 Market-st Railway SS 25
ICO Spring Valley Water 89 ©0
15 Spring Valley Water, s 5 n. 89 00
. 1 Spring Valley Water 88 50 .
Morning Session.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packiea^ — 'Pac A F A. -» 3!i
Cal Fruit As. 07 08 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. m%U*t Par Paint... IS ""—
Oceanic S Co S5',>i 38 I
Giant ...... 78% 79 Vlgorjt ...V. 3V4 *
German ....11)73 ' — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.305 330
Mutual Sav. 75 SO Union Trust. — 220O
S F Sav U.515 —
SUGAR. \
Hana 3% 4«£ Kllauea 9'i —
Hawaiian .. 57Vi 40 MakaweM .. 20 1 4 271$
Honokaa ... 12 12V1- Onomea .... SS —
Hutchlnaon . 13% — Paauhau-... 12 12 '3
POWDER
California ..163 172 Vj Market 88 S9
Geary — 60 Presidio;...— 60
STREET RAILROADS.
SAVINGS BANKS
Anglo-Cal .. SO 02U, LP& A 165 163
California . .419% 422 Mer Ex (liq). 18 «i —
Cal Safe Dp.ll7till3 S F Natlonl.l37ia —
First Natnl. — —
BANKS,
.¦; i: GAS AND ELECTRIC. • ' ¦
Cent L & P. 2 5 Pac Light . . 43 —
Eqt G L Co. tiV k S% Sac E G&RC 27' 28
Mutual ..... 3^ 5 , S F ,G & E. 44t4 45',i
O G L & H. 50 CO is F G-Co... 5Vi —
Pac G Imp. 37 ! /i 40 istktn G & E » —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 275 '/
Contra Costa 74>£ — ' Port Costa.. 63*4 60
Marln Co.... 59 — Spring Val.. $8% K>5i
WATER STOCKS
MiSCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW Co. 76% 103 Dc B3 Co 8s. — 103
lJay CPC 5s.lO«%lo»^ Ommis C Os.131 —
Cai-st 0s....nov5 — Pac O Im 4s ».V,S — .
C Costa 6s.. — lll^jPkAC H 6s. 107 —
TA L&P 6s. — ' — Pk&O It 6S.117. 120.
Fer&C H es.118 — Pwl-«t It 08.117 —
Geary-st Cs.. — — Sao EGU 5s. 03 —
H C*S 5},s. — — SF & HJV6s.l23»/il24 •
5 1>> 0« 09 100 Hierra Cal fl«10i llu
L. Ang n 6*.12O-7il21Vi S P of X 6s
LA Light 6a. — — (1900) .... — - 113
Do gtd 6s. — — (1010) ....113^114
Do «t<l 6a.lO4U — S P of Cal «s
L A & P 59.101&103 (l!)03)Sr A.100JJ —
/ Do lem 6s. 101 103 (1805)3r B.110 110H
Mkt-«t C 0H.12O — (1906) 112i6112v,
¦ Do lem r.n.llH"'i — (1912) 121 11'-',
N R of C ea.lllli — SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s — 12314 c gntd 6s. 120 —
N Pao C Cs. — 108% Do stmpd..in>A112
N Cal R 6s. 112% — SP Br CalOs.139^ — .
Oak Gas 6s. 115 — |S V Wat 6s. 110% —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 — 1 Do 4s. .... 102^10:: .
Do 1st cSs.lll^ —do 4.<3d m.lOlVilOlVi
Oak W G 5s. — 103Vi'stkn Gas 6s. 101 —
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.A.k. Bld.Aik.
4s «jr coup.. 112 m 12% IsQPc (new)130Vil.K»v.
Is qr ref....ni%lll l Vt 3s qr cot>p...l03 10U>4
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 1—13 m,
I- — =
S. F. -& San Joaauln Val.. 78,000 123 ¦ 12341
!• £ 5" S- of Artz - <1«»> -10.000 112 112*1
S. P. R. R. of Ariz. (1910).41,000 113% 114
S. P. R. R. of Cal.. Ser. A. 1.00U ..... 109'i
S. P. R.R. of Cal., Ser. B. 2.000 110%
S. P. R. R. of Cal 15.000 112V,
S. P. R. of Cal (stamped). .39.Q0U 111 lliy-i
3.. P. Branch Ry. of Cal... 3,000 139% 14O
Spring Valley Water 14.0m) 114 114 VI
Spring Valley Water -..40,000 loS'.i lOS'U
Spring VkUey-W., ad mtg.53,000 101 V. lOU'a
Water Stocks — ¦
Contra Costa 815 73U 73
Spring Valley 2,097 83?i 88K
Gas and Electric Stocks— -
Equitable Gaa LlKht Co... 465 3Vi *
Mutual Electric Light Co. . 100 4
Oakland Gas. Lt. & Heat.. '20-82 53
Pacific Gas Improvement.. 680 85 3l>
Pacific Lighting Co 100 - 45
Sacto. Elec. Gas & Ry. Co. 49 25 27ft
San Fran. Gas & Elec Co. 2.830 41 60 '
San Francisco Gaslight Co. 22 5& 5?i
Insurance Stocks —
Firemen's Fund .......... 23 ..... 2621i
Bank Stocks —
Anglo-California (limited). 40 '..... 81
Bank of California 60 417 421
Cal. Safe Deposit & T. Co.. 210 11414 117ft
Savings Banks-
Mutual Savings Bank 63 73 80
Street Railroad Stocks —
California 23 ..... 170
Market-st. Railway Co 505 86 SO
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co 630 77% 731a
Vlgorlt 400 ...I. 4
Suzar Stocks —
Hana Plantation 790" 8U 41$
Hawaiian Com. & S. Co... 213 88 88Vj
Honokaa Sugar Co 1,270 11% , 12> /a
Hutchlnson Susar Plan.... 455 13V4 15
Kllauea Sugar Plantation. 40 10
Makaweli Sugar Co 600 20 .27^
Onomea Sugar Co 105 2t ' 24 Vj
Paauhau Sugar Plantation. 460 12 '12U
Miscellaneous Stocks-
Alaska Packers' Assn 973 162% 168
Cal Fruit Canners* Aun.. 867 87U 08
Cal. Wine Association 1.885 97 10O
Oceanic 8teamnh!j> Co 340 33% 37
Pacific Aux. Flra Alarm... 60 ..... 3',i
Pacific Coast Borax Co.... 43 ..... 163
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
showing^ an advancing , tendency. Stocks are
so badly broken that it is getting more difficult
to find carload lots of anything. A number
of slight advances will be observed . in fruits
and the whole list Is strong.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8% ©10%c for. Royals and
8%@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 7%@8%c; , sundrled. 5c;
Peaches, 8>4®8Vic: Pears, &39c; Plums, pitted,'
&&5%c; unpltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 6%@Gc
for; red and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3c l f or
.black and 5@5V»c for white. ¦ ¦• ,
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. 6®6%c; 40-60's. 444@K%c; 50-60' 8. 4U
.©4%c; 60-70-s. 3H©4%c; 7O-SO*s, 3V4©3%c; 80-
W)'s. 2?4 ©3%c; 00-100*8. 2%©2%c per 1b.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. 8c;.2-crown, 6U
<g794c; Loose Muscatels, 6Vic for 4-crown anO
e'Uc for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5\c;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and t&
S^o for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; Dc
hesi, $2 f>0: Fancy, ?1 75; London Layers.
SI 25«1 35. . > /
NUTS — Chestnuts, 11012c; "Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 0%c; No.-2. 8@8%c: No. 1 hardshell.
Oc; No. 2, 7c: Almond*. 10%@12c for paper
chell; 9<310c for softshell and 6@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts S@7c for Eastern; Brazil -Nut*.
12®12%c; Filbert*. 12@12%c; Pecans. 11013c:
Cocoanutn. $3 5O@5.
HONBT — Comb. ll%@13o ror bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted, C@
«c; light amber extracted, '4®5c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27%O20c:per 1b.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000. ctls, 77T6c. -¦••;•.¦ !'.•;¦•>. . .
Second' Session — No sales.
Regular . Morning - Session — May — 14,000 ctls,
00%c; 2000, Oli/ic. -,
• OATS— The Chicago market was . firm and
closely held. May deliveries being cornered by
one man. This market. was still inactive and
featureless. Offerings, though not large at the
moment, ' are ¦ more " than ¦ the ' cash demand
calls for. • Grays.' $1 22M?@1.30; whites. ?1 23®
1 42*4; Surprise. $1 4001 45; black, ft 12%®
1 22H' for feed -and $1 221601 32% for seed;
red.- SI 27%@1 37% per ctl for' feed and $1 33@
1 42>£ for seed. > ¦¦-<• " ¦ '¦
* CORN— The i Chicago market was. weak at a
decline on the day. The market • is largely
controlled by speculative operations. Kansas
City reported the market growing much strong
er, with free sales from store. There Is no
further ¦ change- In this market. The demand
is slew.' Large yellow, SI 35(31 50; small round
do. $1'35@1 60;whlte,$l 35@1 50 per ctl.
RYE — Quoted at £5&90c per ctl. >
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at fl- 63 'per. Ctl.
call; board sales.
ctls, |1 12: 2000, $1 12U; December— 4000,
*108.%.;.SOCO.- $109;. 2000, n 0»H. ... \:.,'_
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 11%. ¦
Regular Morning - Session— December— 10,000
Ctla. SI 08<S&;'8000. $1 08%. ' .
BARLEY — The steadier feeling noted Friday
became more pronounced yesterday and several
sales of ¦ Feed at- 02^c \ were reported, while,
futures were also firmer, though trading was
lleht. - ••¦¦;¦• ¦ . :¦: . <.y v '¦-¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ - >¦' -
Feed..' 92Hc for choice bright;. 90@01%o for
No. 1 and 87%@88%c for oft grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 95@97 J ,£c; Chevalier, 95c@
$1-20 per ctl. • ;>'..¦ --'...
In California dried fniita apricots show firm
ness and activity" In .Jobbing. .,; Prunes . held
steady with a moderate demand at unchanged
prices, and peaches were firm j and quiet. ¦
APRICOTS— Royal,.. 10@14c; Moorpark; '10®
12%c. •¦•¦¦'- . . .
J PRUNES— 3%@6%c. ' ¦ .
v PEACHES — Peeled, 12®18c; unpeeled, 8@
IOC. • : ••¦"..¦;¦
; A somewhat better: demand was noted for
evaporated apples, but prices were unchanged.
The tcne - continues steady. • .. State common to
grood, \7@S%c; prime, 9@9Vic; choice,. 9%@10c:
fancy. 10%@Hc. . >-.-•.:¦
DRIED FRUITS.
I ¦-¦ COFFEE— Spot Rio. quiet . Noy 7 invoice,
' 6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova/ 8@l2fe. : Futures
! closed steady, unchanged:," Totar sales, 23.250
bass, including;: . March/ 5.40c: April, 6.50c;
.May. C.COc;'' July, 5.75c;. September. 5.95c;' De
cember, 6.15c; January, 0.20c. ; . . :•¦
7 SUGAR — Raw, steady. ; , Fair reHnlntfi" • 3%c;
centrifugal, 06 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined.-, aulet
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TilJE , iSAJN' FKANCJSCO CALL, SUKBAY V MARCH : 2, j.902.
35
. Business In the fruit. market wai practically
at | a standstill ' estcrday,' owing to inclement
weather.' and prices remained as before quoted.
Two cars . of .Oranges : arrived for , to-morrow's
auction and If the weather Is fair, two or three
additional cars will' be offered.
,, Shipments of Apples from Northern Califor
nia have ceased and -the only, fresh stock com
ing Into, the market ¦ at ; present Is from Wat
sonvllle and : vicinity, and ; as • there > Ik little
fancy stock coming from there the supplies in
cold storage are being drawn: upon.'.?,- ?i -.
: Stocks < of t. Mexican v Limes are small, but as
the. steamer is due to-day with fresh supplies
no advance Is expected. ¦ . ¦•• ¦¦;: , • v -
APPLE8— *1 ¦ 6U©2 25 per dox for extra. $ia
I 60 for good to choice and 60@75o for ordinary
• PEARS— -From .- cold - storage. 75c©»2 60 per
FRUITS^-Navel granges. 75c@Sl 20
(or standards, : fl 50@2 for choice and'|2®2 73
fornfancy; Seedlings,: 75cjm 60; •¦Tangerines,
inquarter boxes, i6cO91.-and.|l 50@2 in hair
boxes; ' Lemons,7o0c©$l.f or >. common and lift
I bo for Kood« to .choice* and' II 7R-92 60 for
fancy; Grape FrulC ' $102:; Mexican r. Limes.
$5 60® 6: Bananas, $2 26®2 75, per bunch for
New Orleans and $125@2 25 for Hawaiian;
Plneapplei. |3@4 pen dozen.. /-¦¦:
SATURDAY, March 1—12 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ophlr 1 CO 1 05 "Herra Ner... 12 l.t
Mexican 30 31 Utah 07 ns
3ould & Curry 10 11 Bullion ....... 03 «J
Best & Belch. 20 21|Exche<juer ... — .03
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 3y;8eg Belcher.. — a;
Pavage 08 09 Overman .... 08- or>
Cnollar 11 13 Justice • 07" 08
Potosl 11 1". Union 23 z:
Kale & Norc. ::« 32 Alta 04 u»:
Crown Point.. 06 08 Julia 01 03
Yellow Jacket 17 IS Caledonia 28 3i»
Kentuck 01 02 Silver Hill... 54 65,
Imperial — 01 hallenge .... 18 • V.*
Alpha 03 04 Occidental ... 08 1O
Belcher ...... 04 05 Andes 05 OS
renfidence ... 63 64 '
A committee of prominent business men
of Reno arrived in the- city Friday and
are at the Palace. The object of their
mission is to confer with James Newlanda
concerning a big. irrigation project," which.
If carried out, will be of great benefit to
the " farmers who own land along thu
Truckee River. •--.-.-
The olans hare been drawn. up; for the
storing of the waters of the Donner Lake,
one of the main sources of the Truckee
River. The lake ts the property of the
Sharon estate and l_s controlled by tho
Occidental Land and' Improvement Com
pany. This company i3 represented In
this city by James Newlands Jr. !
£t* 5^ £»
I WILL sell TUESDAY. March 4. at 1140
Folsom st. 11 a m., a large assortment of
horses, wagons, buggies, surreys, carts, sad-
dles and 40 seta harness; sale every Tuesday.
lAOCTION SALESTHE. SAN FKANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY;- MARCH 2; 3002.
36
55c Mantel Drapes 25c
• They're good and pretty, and desirable as ever. ,
6oo(made from bright, glistening tinsel crepe, with
hand tied fringe to match, 6V* feet long, come in the very
best colors. Marked Monday 25c just to make a stir.' v ; -';
$1.00 Lambrsquin* at 49c.
I Pine Madras: it U the best of all draping cloths, set off with those
new and beautiful Hevptian patterns and colorings, fringes to match,
Jji yards wide. 2\i yards long. 49c instead of $1.00.
Guipurs Bureau Scarf* 45c.
Not one of them worth less than 55c, mc^t of them 65c and 7*c values, '
and yet they arc so new they have neve/ been shown. 18x53 inches,
shams are 30x30 inches. ..; iv
lapettry Pillow Top* 15c.
Newest and prettiest thins we have: two designs, 7 colorings. Quite
the thing for cozy corners, dining or sitting rooms. They nre already
made. Cord and tassel help to make them iiill prettier, of which we
have a Lrgc variety. Then come
Silk Flo** Pillow*.
SSOr-18-lneh one*. ;t1tt«— 23-lnrh ones.
UfVc-lMnch flnen. «J*i«»-SMnch ones.
[tOn-Tft-lnrh oiimi. r»O««-:«.|nch ont-s.
And they're good, too. It's on account nf their goodness at . well &»
their low prices that we tell so urmy of them.
¦!¦¦¦' * i ,
Curtains & Draperies
fPHlNC rtJft IBMINQ HKI.PB,
Vulurs tell.
The drapery store is busier than it ever was. New curtains, new
draperies, new art squares, new rugs— new things ull through, cvci)
pricen ore new. •
Such things mean a whole lot with careful folks,
First
$3 5° f° r Art Squares Worth $4,00
0x9 feel , 1 Ami in the newest nnd most effective patterns of empire
wreath*, inlmpmnl wilh bow knots. Hm it's the colorings -you will
like mnti; (Trimum prnund, wilh an oak pattern; dark blue and oak
ground, with linln blue pattern ; li»tlit ami Hark grnund,, with ouk nml
gold patterns; red and b.lark ground, wilh silver and. olive pattfrn,a.
Two othrr fcjvjrs, same fiiiflitfyi ( eiipQHIPKj, value Un\ ¦ f|7Jii
t\ic QxiJ, x.Ju. $5.95.
Noitlnphnm i-iipfnlnsf JtettJLlfr* 1 ? 8 . 1 ! H R ," Xfrfl^V"^
»|,imi 1I1.K. p.mrt nuMKriii. rr-rw l»«mU»in» pufolB ami pAflffnh
«r vM\n.mm\ \e\\fsih Anfl.wMtlii Alt T|oklnpr. liTn.-ii. Inmy- th :
«i I t U5 r»lr=v« i't»lr», white op [^\h .}Wn\¥ m\m, fnr lipd ijp
Ull.oil VMi-fjnp NnlU(isi\nm«, In W \m wl I iwffl fmwm hikI
\\uvA\v and M«drfi; m>H\t¥\ mm* *W\ n«» cm »nif morp lh»n ln«
fiiHiinir U)Mn« M it«lr*» s . rt 2' n JL' IFi .
Cotton Dpnnenles. 1^^*" •*''
, 1 ""» 18tt " cM iraw auT lf " mi
Men's Liheh Collars, 5c
UcAuloi' 1'2'^e _QuttHty.___
Not nil slyles In all •Ifcn, but' every, site In come style. Not one that '
It not worth Jd^e. »o what h «llr tltii se pHee^wlll make.
Merits Fleeced Lined Underwear* 35c.
Soft and warm} *t>l«idld mtmctits to wear. •< We bou«ht them to'
sell at SOC but they're marked Me.
Easter Cards and Booklets.
The new, novel pieces for Easter are here, cleverly and originally
gotten up. j
Hand-Painted Egea-On decorated Folded Easter Cards. 20c. 25c.
SpISs »*-, A "-• as asa»
Of courso they come In separata crosses nna ancela, ana there are
boxes and can be mailed safely. rabbits and eggs, chain designs.
Easter Corsets.
Good news for every onc. First, for particular women, are these
H.' B. Corsets.
The very latest straight-front corset, long over the hips, low dip
hust, French low back, made of finest. fancy figured coutille, prettily
finished with satin ribbon, hose supporter nttachment— $3.00. $a..so,, $.3.75.
It is one of our own corsets, one we have been tome time perfecting.
$3.00 "P. D." Corsets, $1.50.
imtcn IS, 19 urn! 2M
Finely imntf, finlfthfri with Milk embroidery tdse. Th« most dflilr*bl«
cut fnr ftltaht il«ur«>:i. W't) have only three slica, ur we would not think of
iirif piliur u linir iirlff for such a. famous corset. Another lot of
$1.75 "P. D." Corsets at 95c.
I'vrr.v *Up U to S3 In whttq and mado of finest coutille— 'medium length,
A, Hen) I in run in. .1,
Good Corsets, 48c.
Of dainty hatlstQ, blue, lavender, pink, trimmed with Incs and baby rib-
bon, jjjerfect ilttliiK. Jum th" corset for light waist*.
Silverware Sale.
Tho Well Known Roger*' Knivo* and Fork* and Spoon* at
New March Prices.
important news. The quali'tiea arc good, the prices are lower
thani they have been, and all this when most fit us want U t ",
Roger*' Tea Spoon*, ffogera' Dessert Spoon*.
Ji Br V"ti ,i"<r, ' RU ' nt1HV •¦" inB «llv«F. Oiip regular Vice |l,|0; h»-
llr«t UniP, is?-. Binning ir.-nmfruw muniin*, « at
flotj*rs' fgrkh 1 >' U »> f»* *™.
Hum' 0»wt Mm. VMfMMP&tffaVR
hi! iftt iifbi iimft Vi.M 1 tyr & Sugap Bowl and T§a #/»0«fli,
flogwi* Omgf Jpooni, Tht-JngM, Bawl I*, •»£« pUm*i.
¦*S fimliv fnf ii»* hm tiiiti. ii.19 Kip wu"» ihn >»i«^ fe*wi riiHpi«t« «i
*~B" """"""," '• ¦ .. • - ¦
lilSrvva7elDrfiS80ccasJon
..--_¦¦-. — -^ ¦ -mimmiii- _'¦ ¦-,--- -' f, ,'ht
' Ntiw I* ft KuMtUJjit* to rtulelilih the china thml Our tlutir ti lo
make It as en*y hit you a« we can, That'i why we ttfrer to iell .
100-Piece Dinner 5et at $12.00
are ?einl-r>orcelaln pjoodi In llsht' wel«ht (as thin is china). It
is tibu nently'.emboisetl with new blue tldcarations.
American China $16.00 Set. Limoges French China $25.00.
100 t»lMM»- whit*. wltn sold decora- tM plpe«. Indnlttty pink .Ifcdm-
tlons. •¦ '• tlpns. handlf n mottled with told.
r>o pkecs of these In cottage Bets, AO«Flece cotta«« «et« tn this a,r«
Gate Avc. JM[^g^j&Oog> oooiA^^
March Helps to Home Furnishers,
TJie Great Supply, Occasion of the Year.
.,{. . e can afford to . sell closer this knbrith — for we sell more. The goods are the
Why? same we carry in regular stockrfgpod enough to make a new customer come
.j. .j, back. A newspaper doesn't divide the first month's subscription with the solic-'
itor unless they know they give the subscriber such a good paper he -will stay with them.
1 *- _^i. Txhit linens, towels, bed things, [sheets, pillow cases, sheetings, muslins,
. What? spreads, blankets, comforts, draperies, art squares,' kitchen subplie$, crockery,
, 1 fflnwmrn — nothing the housekeeper does not want and nothing she would not
be glad to buy if she knew, how cheap and good it is. ." '
piq fe£ cet8 50Q Bleached Sheets at 42c.
ll?i*ifaMt^ra'b"p!eS« ™VS?° T The lull il2«; il.'ndard «radc muilln, hemmed, n inches wldt, oo IncHej jenir,
Anv *Beh-Mx90 hfj« paoh-7Jxno white, You d pay more than 42c «for the material alone. Samo quality,
r»(h« ctieh-CixOO «()« each-SlxdO ( ."• I X 1M>, JI2« how instead of 40c. « '
Wamoiiffn Qh^fo'fi aj^.Ynrd Wide 'Sheets «I7«— uoo of. them ,*eady for to-morrow mornins.
ty tlllloULiU «9llCC ' W» • , Ti 1cy nre the quality you usually see nt 5$c; 2$ yards wide, 2V1 yards lon^,
ITeimned or Hlltrhed, every *\m. You i nlLready to me. > '
fff^uviSipT\Sl U ini ¦JoWl'ffirgSllw ''PtundlVd Allow On.es at 1 1 c <tnd 1 Sc-,400 of them, .extra quality. The
Re nre. uaigmim , ,,c cii8C» nre 4Sx.^ InChei, usimllv 15c; the 15c onc» are .sox.tf, ustuilly
lleintni-d"- , T7}4«V
njM—MxM ZiV'"*I?Ji5I3 Embroidered Sheet and Pillow Case Sots Are Marked Down. The/hectn nre
¦ """ NJW'-Wxw I double 'il^.-Bixopf the cii»'c« nre 45x40^ inchc». They arc so pretty nnd
Ihinniltohrd- 1 cood wo want more women to ihurc thcm—thnt'i why the prices arc
Womsutta Coses. \ r*t-~-tL A A M«^^fl:^ r^
Rf£sfiSia&"^ : init iini ° pricM ' • Dieacneci iviusiin oc.
!I93m"Si[S / ¦ laoo yards, splendid firm, soft qtmlSty,\i<5 inehcRiwItle. We did not pay nil
»0«-*<x3rt lit'* worth, neither will you. Kcndy to-iuoriow morning, 6c n ynrd.
Great Sale Kitchen Things.
(March Prices Go Into' Effect Ta-tMorrow,
4 Another trcnt for thrifty house\viv«?a,
Th? rppieniMiing sen^rnv ia \\m } nnd with U pome linrgnlnp, But nftcr nil it "isn't tlm lmr«
pins we think so njuch of rs whVt they, introduce! tho regular stock; We've io much nnd it is
all so good that no womnn will he dlpnppolntedt That's why we nre eo hold to mnke these offer t i
§ort 0' Invitntlons (you enn't resist neeeptlng) to come nnd see whnt w§ enn do for you,
Now Lot Curtain Stretchers $i,ag.
We are glnd to get them=mnny of you wonien will he=*§o handy, so pimple, so strong,;
sp fairly priced, They measure foua feet, nnd are adjustable to any filled Gurtaln,
Rflitfln Cnppet nonton^iOoi MU > J^tpliep Knives IBo,
With, wunfl, w/45,"^! iw ?»» MNHi W«f n-MTUjInB 1 4§feuBFSi\^flS WVUffllif ' fflfflffl 11 ,W mPftil
L1PJ?13D BAUOISpAnb lk»-§li UUftKsi bf bloek liih OliOP IlOWlji U«-Alm1«» uf Himiie, 1
Cuvweilj 8 fthd aijtiftrl.ttilMlM'tiuni't ones. HJJOI'.MuaK IS-liieh. H»i?i, wnd« ulroHg. Bold In the regular wny at Me.
0«AM.Stttt ¦VAlt*U lUfl«tfM% 13 « UttKB ' i«»»«»»^i. »«• if« MiVtSS linfetft^UlSl sw!"J?;ilk| ahd^whljh^eu nre
1 s«rt*a calorti BoT^MBulai-l> at tou. ¦ , , ,„ the , m^ l( , lf Hnvliig mor« limn iitoe f»f, Th*n§ kw fufi.
PotHtO MdBliet*^ 0C» sIbwI trnji n»Hl'TuH»welitht. Uffeied lu-ittctrrow for the first
ijHfflWiP^ p e | 8 -Nnpth« Soap «t 5c.
Good Enamel Ware— Low Prices.
Every piece Is warranted first-clans, 'though you ! : might think from these pri«» 'that it Is scccmd*rate stuff.
There i» no place In this "Kootl-Koods" store for "seconds.")' So the savlnRs'are nalc.
.Hprlln KettliH, 5 qt.,' 3n«. . ' PInh PnnB.lO fit., tlOc jDrlnklng Curm, 1 pint, 8c.
Milk rani*, 6 at, l"Jt'. i'lf Plato, 9 Inch," 7cv 'Btralcht Buucfl l'ots, 12 qi., <ja c ..
\\ r \H First: UfyW YokitigS, TuckingS and FlotmcingS and then a Hundred Thousand Embroidery 'harvest season. We never had so many rare ripe values. ' Never were in such' 7 /|C
V* Mr / Yards Of Bright New Embroideries Close to Half Price. ' a good position before to get them. Never worked harder, cither. . /
*»A \/ Hosts of new things to see and money to behaved. ( - lf ./ T*i^ s %«; u r» r*» n;« .j, | jf SvH
..\\ V Can any woman with sewing ahcadafford to miss the opportunity? You'll think this •' We Knew 1 HIS WOUld Be ; a big WHlte beaSOll I !Mj*
/WhO''!. \ * s onc 1T>ammotn . Embroidery. store 'when you come to-morrow. About half the window- That's why we! sent such big orders to Switzerland so early and besides had a man Wv-Se/.* /
jtlnfoj' \ ront * s usc^ to S * 1OW tncm °^ — tnat m ' tse^ i s a sight worth seeing. But inside the store for weeks among New York importers picking up all the good things he could find. Now, \^/ # /
ff /f\f I whole rows of bargain tables and extra-counter space are required to hold them. It's the ' -it's your turn. VT«// /
I I 100,000 Yards Embroideries .-Close to Half Price. §m
j\ " *# d\ As fine high class Embroideries as there arc— such as would readily sell at full prices', j V V Rpfllltlflif *lnr Ti irkiflfrQ fl.t ocr VnrH > d * n, tt
<*, / U as ouickly as shown. Wc-didnt pay regular prices, neither will you. 1HEY ARE A , » .«, , w, •"hi ' . ,; ¦•¦ ; „ .. , • , ,.Y \. „. , .„. <*!/. / V\\\1f
J*t.i\i . / M vjuiv-jm^ aa Btiwnii. . • '« - • ', ' ¦ ' , • ,' , , * ' Almost 5000 yards. This mill was so busy makinpr handkerchiefs they did not have time to keep on with >«J* I \\\M
WA\\\ / A] BROKEN SETS. Onc and two and three pieces of a pattern where there ought to be four :hcjr tuckings, so they sent them, to- us to close out. They are plain, clustered r.nd fancy revere effects. 18 and V« f V jj
%my ij and five. Hardly onc woman in ten cares to buy by set— too expensive. Yet here they are , g dutlKe^ f ° r ' hlrt WalStS> "?"^ f ° r th ° fifSt timc 3SC - a yard that ""*' y\\ / *f
O \$J at common prices within easy reach of that nine-tenths trade. / > • , , ra t i • a. \r j
\ W 2-c yd. &S^±S^'^. up t0 2 * l3c yd. '^n^^^S^&^& 75C and Jbi.oo hine I uckings at 50c Yard. W* #
• hi*** \ Rr «»H Crmbrlo edgings I to SV4 Indian, cambric c l» r hci, insertions up to .'» Inchefl. \V C call it a "job," you call it a bargain. ,1440 yards lawn and nainsook yoke, with front of fancy stitching vt /
ll/fcL*, \ y insertion i\4 Jmi.es to 2 JnchcB. jg c irri fy^>"V» " p^i2J^A^jt < >«V!! 1 -iV l ii.-7 lto X2i <lrrl *'.' 1 and rows of. VBlencJenn?* lace insertion, that you cannot buy in the regular way under 75c and $1.00. We have i% /L
1 Shl*i 1 71r» vrl fiimbrlc fdfflnKB. 3 to 4',4 Inches, Bwinii *!„ jj"« 11 lnuhe», very good, for skirts; nainsook ,,, .i.v... Mnndnv nmrnlntr fnr th^ fir«t t'tmt. en.* --;¦ )V/ >Cl\?V
' nSiCWt \ lyCyu» e( j B4 . B up to 3 incdes, vambrlo Insertion up and Bwlss ntylts up to 7 InohoH.. • I tncm MonaaymorninR lor tnc nrst time 50c. ftyyn^^X
oi'vlS"' cvfjai up to «cl) cnmbria edgings 3 to BmbroldeHes nt 25c. Bmbrolderles «t35c. 1 Embroideries at 50c. If/C nkA
IfflA *J^* yil» c Inches, iialnnook and Hwlss odifts up to Fine cambrlo tin tn 17 Inches wldfl, tho edgns are Swiss '«'¦*;'¦ Vlnaly, perfectly finished KmbroMerles; edtrlng« ar« I Ttoautlful nainsook and RwIbb Edgings;^jany of there V/X\rv h?\j\l
Sa ' '/Ik 1 J5',4 Inches, Insert Ions up to 3 Inches. > ¦ „ • anil Nulnsouk as wkla ua 8 Inches. up to 7 hutias, cnmbrlo nml nainsook. ' ,| In the n«w'bllnd-fltUch ntyle. \ \Wjk */
\ Easter Silk Show. New Tailored Suits jM
¦ ( fe v V Mor!TbeM\Z,m^ This week Uls it in ij^ 1 '" WSisBS^^^OT^^^^iBi^ "^^" . . Amcri < 2ff l tB"orinff *• coming to be a vital force In the field jft$7 ,
V# the helirhi of its magnificence /PS^^^MW^l®^^^^^ of (|re "' lhe Vnnkee designer is gaining a confidence in his U#J/
>§^^. II1C . lcl 8"to us i nngmncencc. [W^WJSBM^i^^ work that breathes of success, Paris dressmakers as well as mil- \S«.(
JTffl m me novelty of the patterns, the simmering beauty of the col- , Y^M^'fe^ J N™ nrd already coming io New Vork for ideas, it was a JSP|
\.?iJ> y <r )' ors, their exclusiveness and variety Joucli the feminine heart v%W Yank «« w!l " de8l « ned «"»t coffee wrap Mm. Rooimh Intro- Q?S<^
k **'^ X7 with a coveted charm. >^'£&^3kAv *S JhBP^ ' l^^&^^\S?^W^W y duced'the other evenJnw. Mm r,f «||, commercial tailoring Is making »tron«. £E&3&J®&
«... , , •• ,., , , , . , i. % i x^l/vVi! ' jffl^ r\lll«L ifi,D^*5fflQ;^Z / cit itridei. t( ytiti c nine to «re this exhibit you will lnvc no <l<ml)t i;f it.
Where else are there duch beautiful foulards and grenadines? . •¦^VStT V iIILbsY^P^/ Will you look at theie? «',;,'"' ¦*
D/ach Gronadinos S3.50 Yard. Imported Wath Sllkt 50o. , $17.R0-l' l lne covert elath, with a double #24. TfS-Handsome Ven#tl«n oloth, wtth * Jaunty
7h» iral Irrn-Ii Mn.1. AVn Itntinrfr.i tlirm our- Over BOO pleci-H In pnlr-t frnin! new Blylro In brlplil ui-^ M^r'%;tf/ry'; ;¦'¦¦ \\* ,.,,,>' . . • breftHtad jnckrt «!tli bIIK tnvprn. nllk lltmd; Pklrt rt->n Jacket, -fvll^lilv Btrapped with tnfT«ff» «lll«;
«lvtg, «o *e know thpir tnorlt. Bxoluslve de- jiretty noloHtiBB, Inoludltm fteitian strUica that ¦ ' I" i' 1 ' " '"."" hR« the P/ipu ar flare, finished with a flounce, the pr«uy cuffs on the sWes.th* prradtwttd nnr-
elK«p woven »m mousrrllhe do sole eroUhds. All are bo tnuch In vukup, They urn jtwt as bflaht itv t . g_t i §*«* « f^< « •« »^ edgca with tnfreta: tane and oxford. In* flouricn on thr dkltt give It ctutts a charming
are double Midth-*44 inchee. nfter being; washed hm wtu.n tiewi also whltni Xls^W/" 1*1 €1 T d • HiHCr B™* V ¦¦ 1 i^l T - ««„ -.. u .«.i^t. - u^ 1.44. »> . fffpet " tnns and black.
Kut /!»*»»*,»* 97 ftfl "the stripes are of every width and etylej 10 l^CW 1 I Ct L& • FIlM L<AlllUlU •2/. l A f5( lrH l /"5 h .. Br i ll lL te $? iht »"«ybfous6 jacket «aT.r»O^Extr P mpty stylish iiultx In new baatt«t
<4//rt bronaain» SJ.UU. inches wide. ¦ • , ¦ . • ' with pflpllnB round the hlpn; tho skirt hUBB the rloth, bloUBe Jacket nnd with shawl. collar. n*w
A new fabric, with chenille npplique designs on _ . -„.„. -- To-morrow is fit'ftt reception day in the millinery salon, second floor. SL'i 1 flUrfli "iwi, „ Cm/Im ' °Il to ii e i,ITi Du Barry iiieovM. 4-inch pppUnsnvej hiprf with
heavy ellk grenadine grounds. Safin FOUfarJS 80C. . Qr-nr** nf lu-icrlif lifiiififul liii-« (ParU nt\A M1lr«^ « ill trr^rt vnti Thi»v still !i . "ares out with a beautiful Bwenn, jrraduated a neat little moire vrst; the skirt has (f punt)
A ppllqu- d>«ipnB on raousscllnc de Bole ground, at Exaulslte dcelens printed on brleht e&tln llbcrtv scores o» bright, bcautiiu liatS tlnris and ours) will greet you. jncy still llounce the, entire outfit Is strapped with moire front, graduated flam flounce, trimmed w \l\
l£ *2 r>. K To and $2 75. Bround* Tlfo styUs are "xcIubIvc wilh us "o llarc olT tllc f acc ' 1C folUbnm turbans and continentals, though there are silk; black and green. bands of moire silk, silk lined; blues and black«.\
Other Grenadines, with figured satin Btrlpea, tnp patterns will never get common: 65c, ti 'and some cliarmuig effects in new walking styles— short back shapes with much .
rnk ln «nrt°u d .?hJl id J[ > !t ! \^ n n n%"rrt ¦*" pure * 125 - . , . trimming in back. In fact, new stvlci start at back-thc design WroWhiK ... . A C**-t r% t*4- CtiU <£^^»^ '
•»ocSt rV Vi',1 Heavy twined, satin nniah foulards, 75c. toward the forehead. This style fits the head comfortably-built in aWy to." A 2}TY13,rZ vJlDSOfl Otllt 3)22 # C ;O.
91.40 UJtct iatfata d//Ar fi.UU. PUnt ?«-/«* Tnffaia Tin conform to your mode of hairdressiiiK. Sensible— that's the keynote in hats : ' . , • t-'
"•'J*"* «"" r "» t *5 i w" a o k 1 .? klnd that « !«.», . «ii-. h?« I In« fini-h. w^.r« v .n v«r V this spring— and beautiful; and moderately, priced— here $400. $6.00, $8.oo, The "Gibson Girl." that we have long looked up to as a typical American girl, has now found a iult that
T^V;iV r^ C a U de 0r no b^J 1 ng 4 B o 1 rd Ch for $*£. the B tock "dSfSS^S?' uScr^rrls.^ningsrrym^^e-tc'. 0^ $10.00: $ioo-but we don't want to talk price to-day/ This is an invitation $& h ffi '- h n 0^{ft SST^SSk th^SoSS^f tSS SRfStVaffl?
of the ngular.Jl grade is exhausted. splendid value. ¦,%-.'.* 1. k ' HUBfc to see the newly hatched hats— Easter eggs arc breaking early this season. tho skirt flares nnd tho Jacket is silk lined, with vest effect. Black only. '