PKICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRAI^eiSCP, TUESDAY, ]VtARCH 25j 1902;
VCHJ^IE XCI.-NO^11^5r-r
SEVERE SENTENCES
FOR POSTAL FRAUDS
CONGRESSMEN r WHO CONFERRED
}WITH PRESIDENT. AND-RETIR
: .lINGf HEAD.OF CUBAN AFFAIRS.
ROME, -March 31.— Rumors to the effect
that an Italian expedition against Tripoli
was being fitted out at Naples and Spezia
have been current for two weeks, past,
but they have been persistently and cate
goricallv denied by the Government of
Italy. - • . - •-• ¦
Denied by Italy.
.' *EL ;PASQ, \Tex., March ; 24.— E. h! Har
rinian; - president- of : the Southern Pacific
system!' arrived in his . special from Mex
ico at noon to-day and l*=*ft at 2 o'clock for
San- Francisco... The party has been In
Mexico * touring that country for three
weeks. .President Harriman declined to
make any; statement for. publication or to
sec; reporters. .' He' gave out' that no rail
road-, deal ; is ; pending. . Notwithstanding
his dehlaKit*is well known t*hat officials
"of ;his company .have been; looking over
the'Kl Paso Southwestern road for several
weeks' with the- view. It - Is r thought; of
purchasing that -line. . '. '
Harriman^ Passes Through El Paco
' NEW • YORK, \ March ; 24.— A ; decreeTof
divorce ) in " ; favor .of - ! Mrs. • Marion v F.'
Faversham against: William Faversham,"
the f- actor,- was- submitted . to ; Supreme
Court Justice iLehox ,¦ to-day c by'; Referee
McKim. '. The" ; Justice , signed •. th . decree,
,aiid the couplearc now legally . separa ted.
The hearing 'before ; the ,\, referee ; was
secret ?¦ and ¦•'none '^of- the"; testimony is
¦ known*. VA^wonian figured in the case, but
her -inarne, has;; not r . teen Vdisciosed. * The
decree provides f pr^the .'paymenf, of J3200
fjlmony.t to ' Mrs.! Faversham i'during:. the
remainder 1 'of her } life. ' Faversham: can*
ne'ver; marry "again*, "r" " 'V r* " ¦•¦'-•/'¦¦¦ ••-
Favershams Are Divorced.'
. -WASHINGTON. March 24. — General
Grsely has invited bids for supplying a
system ;of . wireless telegraph between
Nome < City and- St. Michael, Alaska.. 101
mill's distant, across Norton Sound. Bid
ders, must proVe the capacity of their ap
paratus by sixty-mile tests along: the At
lantic ;ccast.
Invites Bids for Wireless System.
MANILA, March -24.— General. Maxilom
arid his brother, .' who " were arrested on
the island' of . Cebu for having concealed
rifles and considerable ammunition in their
possession, made a: desperate attempt to
escape while being conveyed in a launch,
but_ were overpowered and General Maxi
lom's brother was killed. The general
was bound and turned over' to the Ameri
can authorities on the coast of the Island-
Make a Dash to Escape.
United States Supreme Court : Deniss
the Motion for a Writ of
: Certiorari. .
: WASHINGTON, March; 24.— For. the
fourth time the ( past j| few years
the United States | Supreme •cburt Ito-day
rendered an ; opinion- involving. the; estate
of the late; Thomas; Bly the' of California.
Upon his ¦ death . his | daughter, „ Florence
Bly the Hinckley, - came into possession of
the property and ; other relatives -have
since ; sought to \ destroy her, title. They
have,*, howeve/-/ failed ; each- tirn.e and the
deciaion to-day was again In her Interest,
denying j motion | for a\ writ r of certior
ari, which, If it had been granted; "would
have had, the effect of bringing the case. to
thls^ court for. the ;"revlew | of the
of the Court of Appeajs'for the Ninth Cir
cuit, which ; was ; f ayorable to Mrs. ; Hinck
ley.'"; The ' decision ; rias '.' the effect . of; rest-
ing; the case upon 1 the Circuit Court's'de
;CiBion.'*.''i^^T.' ; '. '.;''¦'¦* T-.'.' ¦" "¦'
TITLE ' TO' BLYTHE ESTATE = ;
V RESTS WITH. MRS. HINCKLEY
MILWAUKEE, March 24.— A special to
the Sentinel from _ Bariboo, Wls. , says :
Jacob /Steinman, who was. taken to.Wau
pun Saturday for burglary, confessed . to
Sheriff Stackhouse.; that he was', an an
archist and was, present at the lodge
meeting when Czolgosz was selected ¦ to
assassinate President McKinley, and that
he was the person who tied the handker
chief over the' hand of Czolgosz just be
fore I the shooting. ; He further said that
a well, known woman was one of the
principal instigators of the crime.
CONFESSES AIDING
ASSASSIN .CZOLGOSZ
LONDON, March 24.— A singular dis
agreement has occurred between the ves
try and the Vicar of Penn Church, Buck
inghamshire, over American funds con
tributed to pay for repairing the. church.
The Rev. ; Mr., Klrby.the Vicar,. explained
to a meeting of the vestry, that he had
appealed to the United States, and had
raised sufficient money to restore the his
toric edifice. The vestryman produced an
American newspaper containing an arti
cle detailing the decay of the church anJ
appealing for ! funds. He declared that
the statements « made were untrue, and
that the parishioners had been humbled
by this appeal to the United States. The
Rev. Mr. Klrby retorted 'that .his ex
perience showed that the Penn parishion
ers were not overwllllng to contribute to
the church . funds, but as his efforts had
been met in such a spirit he would return
the money received , to the donors.'
to America for Aid.
Humbled by the Appeal Made
Parishioners Feel That They Wera
VICAR OF PENN CHURCH'-/;;
WILL RETURN DONATIONS
//."Under •; the- sweet and deep . Impression
of our never-to-be-forgotten stay in France
last year, the Empress and I like to hope
that' the highly esteemed President of the
republic '.will-- shortly procure us the real
pleasure: of him again by coming
to->tay.a few days; with us. It will be
pleasant'to you,, I think, to receive in per
sqri "on this occasion thie, unanimous tes
timony-of \the warm and sincere sentiment
uniting Russia >• to •" friendly and allied
Ffance." "" '.:".':'. ,
; : The ': Foreign Minister, M. Delcasse. in
troduced the bill In the Chamber of Depu
.tles.."ancr<amid repeated -and hearty ap
plause ; read . the preamble in which ap
pears the following extract . from the let
ter ;6f sent by Czar . Nicholas
to;M.'-, Loubet:' - . ¦ .. • : .¦
¦ t PARIS, -March 24.— The Chamber of
Deputies'. to-day by. a vote of 463 to 23
adopted a? bill v'providing. a credit of 500,
000 francs < to -defray the expenses of
President Lpubet's : visit to Russia. The
Senate also ; adopted the credit unani
mously.' ¦..' . ... . ' ' . ' .
the Expenses.
dred Thousand Francs to Defray
Chamber of Deputies Votes Five Hun-
PRESIDENT OF FRANCE
: ¦ :^ WILL VISIT THE CZAR
tion laws and give us tariff concessions
without limit of time and in return- gave
to Cuba tariff concessions limited to about
a year and a half. . °
Some of the Congressmen present were
inclined to admit that we were asking a
great de^al from Cuba in return for the
little we would grant to her. . •» '• ' • ;
; NO DEFINITE PROPOSITIONS. ;
. The interchange of views became quite
general, there, being nothing in the way
of definite propositions one way or the
other, but merely an agreeable expression
of opinion as to what was best "to ' be
done under all the circumstances of the
situation.
In the course of this general talk the
suggestion was made that if the Payne
bill had been modified so as to take oft
the. differential on refined sugar some of
the grounds of the opposition might have
been removed. However, there was no
request, so far as can be learned, that the
bill be amended in ; this particular at the
present stage. The plan of rebate, which
was urged at one time, also came in for
discussion and explanation. • '
At the conclusion of j*he conference the
general understanding was reached that
any 1 statements made to the public would
be to the general effect that no conclu
sions , were , reached and that' the confer
ence was confined to a general inter
change of views.
It is understood that the President will
see some of the members of the Ways
and Means" Committee to-morrow, thus
familiarizing himself ; with both sides of
the Issue which has recently arisen in
'the House. ; He hopes that this general
! interchange with the leaders from both
eides may bring about unanimity of ac
tion on whatever is done in behalf of
Cuba.
VIENNA. ¦' March 24.— The ) newspapers
here report' a students' outbreak of a
revolutionary character at Ilok," • ih 1 Rus
sian Poland.. The ¦ students there set : fire
to the technical- school and- attempted :- to
lynch ;the professors,' who "escaped 'with
difficulty. Mounted troops quelled th« dis
turbances.'. .' .' v-
Outbreak of > Students.
PALMA IS HONORED.
F resident-Elect of Cuba a Guest at
the White House. . ; . ; :
WASHINGTON. March' 24 r-Tomas Es
trada Palma, Pre%ident-eUict of Cuba, met
President Roosevelt- in- his official capa
city for the first .time this evening; when
the former was. the guest of honor at an
Informal dinner at the .White House. - The
affair was Intended as a mark ' of cour
tesy to President-elect Palma, who ex
pressed his high appreciation of , the honor
shown him. The others » present were
Mrs. . Roosevelt, Secretary and Mrs. Root,
Minister and Mrs. Bellamy Storer. Gen
eral I^eonard -'."\Vo6d and ' Gonzales de
Quesada and Diego "Tamayo, "well known
Cubans, who came over from New.' York
The callers were frank to concede that
they found the President desirous 'of ex
tending effective concessions to Cuba by
the reciprocity plan. In this connection,
¦it was stated, the President drew atten
tion to the fact that the Sibley amend
ment limiting the reciprocity period to
December 1. 1303. gave the Payne bill a
rather one-Bided aspect, as It asked Cuba
to adopt our naturalization and immigra-
What should be done to meet the condU
tlons, and also the question of harmonlz
ir.£ conflicting interests so that there
might be unanimity of action on the part
of the Republicans In Congress, was the
chief topic discussed.- It was stated after,
ward by those who . participated in the
conference that it was of the most ad
mirable and pleasant character, and that
there was not the remotest suggestion on
the part of the chief executive which
could be construed as seeking to urge
them to yield their personal convictions.
On the contrary, it is stated the President
llEtened to the recital of the difficulties
which had been encountered by those who
opposed the reciprocity plan, and also
hetrd from them the various plans by
which they had hoped to reach an agree
ment.
THE TOPICS DISCUSSED.
publican members of
the House of Representatives who have
been foremost in opposing the plan of
Cuban reciprocity urged by the Ways
and Means Committee and understood to
have the approval of the administration.
The gentlemen were Representatives
Tawney and Morris of Minnesota, " Dick
of Ohio, WllUam A. Smith of Michigan,
Minor of Mississippi, Metcalf of Califor
nia and Payton of West Virginia. The
call was at the request of the President,
who desired an exchange of views to the
end that harmonious action might be se
cured in such steps as are taken in behalf
of Cuba. As General Wood has arrived
here from Cuba and as several members
of the Cabinet were at the White House
while the Congressmen were there a're
port gained circulation that . Secretary
Root and General Wood were present; at
the conference. This, however, was not
the case, as the President and Congress
men remained alone In the Cabinet room
for the hour and a half that they were
together. The talk took a wide range,
covering the conditions in Cuba.
yor w jr ASHINGTON. March 24.
w yB / A conference was held
§ /| / at the White House this
Br Br afternoon between the
*. * President and seven Re-
President and Representatives Discuss the
Granting of Proposed Concessions.
•Palma and his companions ; will remain
here. for. some days, their stay depending
entirely' upon the wishes of the President,
who will • consult the Cuban' President
elect further before he leaves for his new,
duties..-. Palma will go from here to New
York and thence about the middle of
April to Cuba,, proceeding first to'j San
tiago province, where there are relatives
and > friends, whom -he desires to visit be
fore the inauguration:';
1 Watterson also; spoke sneeringly :of^ the
army reorganization bill' and 'defended : . the
stand of General' Miles.' ¦; :> '-,:._>
"Once again' in the \ White > House; we
have, the j man ;on horseback. 7 Affecting
the simplicity, of , the cowboy,"; he conceals
beneath ;; the . ; Eelf rconiidence > and ("queer
manners'9f\the,brbncho-buster the senti
ments and : ambitions,.' if , not .'the;,talents,
of a Diaz/ T<k him,:; a -little v thing^ like
treating an admiral of >navy, -, wearing'
the laurel leaves of : imperishable renown;
as if he were a baby, in "arms/ now; to \be
dandled 'and now to be spanked, Jsmers^'
ly an undress affair begun: and ended dur
ing * off moment's ; between^ b'reakf ast^and
luncheoiiy'i To' j hliny. the of]
the, lieutenant 'general:- of .ttfe : army,
growri'gfay ; In; the, fighting of -tW battles
of "his countfy, - becomes- Tan;; amusing
horseplay meant to; relax his muscles: arid
illustrate ,-i his V high '- mightiness '; whirst
warning -lesser offlcers -the ¦ army'jto
obeyorders/arid say.' nothing."^ . _'^;/.' i,
"We are Democrats. We love "our. coun
try. ' Our hearts beat ' true to its Institu
tions. We would rescue the Government
from the hands of those who are convert-^
ing it into a' Government of the' 4 tfusts,
for lhe' trusts and by. the' trusts and re
store It to the] hands ' of -those who ¦.will
have some' regard for the", rights .of; the
people. The j Republica n "party ".is -' a syn
dicated party: ''Arbitrary'power'is. its .mo
tive, the almighty^doll&r; its V trademark.'
If it be" not checked; in the : gait . '.it. is go-,
ing- it will- in 'the end surely Mexicanlze
the iepublic:-v-- ¦¦¦•,'¦ _¦*¦;_ "/— -- ~\.' •; "*; ¦> .}.
WASHINGTON, V.March 24.— About '.150
guests were present to-nlghtjat*the.blen-.
nlal banquet of the Virginia Democratic
Association held In the banquet :room of
the Metropolitan Hotel. They included
Democrats of • national : prominence . and
most of the political Headers and] Demo-;
cratic members of Congress \t roni i the. Old
Dominion. Henry , Watterson, >; the .princi
pal speaker, " urged upon the Democrats
the general .union of forces in opposition
to imperialism in all forms. In the course
of-his speech he "said: .'-3 J j\ ':>
Horseback"; and Defends
; General Miles.; ¦
Speaks -of Roosevelt as /'The Manon
HENRY WATTEBSON ; \ \
' SCORES THE PRESIDENT
It "Is believed that the railroads named
agreed. not to contest the petition for. an
injunction at this time in order that other
roads eventually might be brought into
court and compelled to live up to the pro
visions of the Sherman law and the inter
state commerce act.
Before entering the order Judge Gross
cup said:- "But for the compliance of the
defendant I -should have required the full
est possible hearing. The matter is one
of extreme importance and not to be de
cided without the most mature delibera
tion,"
The railroads affected by the Injunction
are: The Lake Shore and Michigan South
ern, the Pittsburgh Cincinnati, Chicago
and St. Louis; the Pittsburg. Fort Wayne
and Chicago; the Michigan Central, the
Illinois -Central and the Chicago and
Northwestern.
CHICAGO, March 24.— With the consent
of the defendants. Judge Grosscup in the
Federal court to-day issued the tem
porary restraining order asked for by the
Interstate Commerce Commission against
railways entering Chicago. The order
holds" good until June or until further or
ders from the court.
Is Directed Against Rail-ways
Entering' Chicago.
OTder Which Holds Good Until June
FEDEBAI, COITBT ISSUES
A TEMPOBARY INJUNCTION"
In the War. Department the belief pre
vails that he wiirreceive appointment Im
mediately so as to become eligible ; for
Lieutenant General Miles' office in -case
the latter's conduct forces the -President
to relieve him from active duty.
Brigadier; General , Leonard Wood may
be appointed to a vacancy in the grade of
major general, which will be caused to
morrow by -the retirement of Major Gen
eral E. S. Otis. : Following this promotion,
he will be eligible for. appointment as a
successor of Lieutenant General Miles in
command of the 'army. 'General; Wood's
service in Cuba has been of such ahigh
character that both the President' and
Secretary Root are anxious he shall re
ceive a reward. ; If he Is not appointed to
the vacancy consequent upon Major Gen
eral Otis' retlrement.-'he will; be promoted
upon the retirement of either Major Gen
eral Brooke or^ Major General. Wheaton:
PROMOTION FOB, WOOD.
General Miles .fully appreciates the
seriousness of his position, notwithstand
ing his statement that he would apply for
retirement In case the Root staff reorgan
ization bill .became law. It is a fact that
the general does not 'want to retire. He
desires to serve his term out as command
ing general of the army. .
' . ' Special Dlscatc 11 to .The Call. .Vy
? CALL BUREAU,' 1406 G STREET, jj|
¦W.,; WASHINGTON, March .24.— A quick
decision was reached by President Roose^
yelt • to • comply '• with the <¦ request of the
House, made known through the passage
of Representative BurleEon's resolution,
for a copy of >, all correspondence that
passed, between the Secretary of War and
the President on one side and Lieutenant
General Miles on the other, relating to the
.offer of the latter to endthe war in the
-The correspondence, wlll.be sent to the
House either to-morrow.Vor Wedriesdayl
The story as It comes- from a member of
the Cabinet is that after* the resolution
was Introduced by Burleso'n Speaker Hen-
v derson, anxious : not ; to : embarrass the
President," communicated ; with the -White
House, ': and asked j the I President whether
he'wishedthe" request to be made by the
House for the papers, in the case. .;
.Roosevelt's reply was instant. He said
he had no objection to the correspondence
being made public, and would welcome an
•opportunity to lay all the facts before the
country in the "regular way, especially
since some" one in the* War Department"
had seen fit to make public facts in order
to give some one credit at < the expense of
the. administration and the War Depart
ment. The result 'was that Burleson'B res
olution asking'.?' "if not . incompatible', with
public interest, that copies of all r corre
spondence*, relating to and papers; bearing
upon! the . matter," of • the recent^ request'
of General Miles to be assigned to duty, in
'the' Philippines"-- be sent to Congre'ss.'weht'
humming ; tMrough. ,' - • . uj \ ?¦ : i '¦ j l'- : :
• - Thi*--JvaB~:<jn -Thursday. The Cabinet
considered ' the .'.whole question . on Friday,
and had before it all' of the correspond-^
ence that had followed General Miles': re
quest that he be allowed ;to end the war
peacefully, and without further loss j of
life:-' • '.¦¦;•¦¦'.¦.¦•¦¦: ' ¦ ¦ .> '.'¦:':¦.:¦
' President' Roosevelt's 'reply to General
Miles, declining to relieve General Chaff ee
and substitute ' General Miles ' and explain
ing his reasons therefor, was read to. the
Cabinet and met with_the unqualified in T '
dorsement of all the members. It is said
that the President, in his letter,' discussed
the question with great freedom and can
dor, and said, some things which. will put
an entirely different construction upon the
failure, of General Miles' effort than "the
public has derived from newspaper publi
cations. The Cabinet unanimously agreed
with the President's view that the requeot
of Congress should be complied with and
the matter; has only been held back be
cause of the desire of Secretary Root to
examine ,the testimony: given by General
Miles .before ¦ the Senate Committee on
Military Affairs which brought the dis
agreement between General Miles and the
administration to an acute tension.
':¦ ¦ '.'< K ' suited -ih^ the jfdllowlng' sen-:
tenzes:iG.:F. r W.;Neeley, ten years' • im
prisonment and I to^pay; a .fine , of : *56,701- v;
W. H./Reves, teri 'year's'"; imprisonment
and to pay a fine. of $35,516. ; .'VI.':
• EstesG/Rathbone,. ten years' imprison
ment and to /pay, a firiV.of J35.324. • ;7 •'
i^-w^^VANX^^Marc)! £ 2*7 — Tho-
B^mmS ¦'''' * r^^ s " .teifore v th'e*f Audiericla ¦
; Ml ' BS Court of . the. cases •
¦ jm. B -.from ; the ; -c embezzlement .'of
-¦**¦ ' -^*-/ : Cuban 'postal funds have "re-'
; | MANILA; March 24;— The . outbreak of
ctfolera here does not create alarm. No
¦ white persons have been r stricken with
¦'.the 'disease.'" 'to; the reports of
the; medical authorities made up to noon
; to-day there have been all told twenty
; six . cases and twenty-one deaths. Ex
perts '. have gone to investigate the five
cases at.vMalo!os, just north of Manila;
and the two cases at Aparri,' in Northern
'Luzon.;" '.••¦.' • " ' - - ; • . it >
' The moving of trains ( on the railroad
i between ;here and Dagupan has been pro
hibited, .anil; no boat will be allpwedTto
leave 'Manila for interisland ports for, the
next five days. : , The object of those re
strictions, is to prevent a general exodus
arid ..consequent possibility of spreading
the disease throughout the archipelago. '.-.
1 Japan has declared "a quarantine
against' Manila/ ; • •
The United States transport Grant has
enough coal to steam direct from Manila
to ~San Francisco. She will, not touch at
Japanese . ports. , She will sail from here
; Wednesday, March 26, and is now await
ing the arrival. of the last battalion of
the Twelfth Infantry, instead of sailing
on board the transport Grant as previous
ly, announced , the Third Infantry has em
barked on board the United States trans
port Thomas.' :.' . ¦ :;'-.•£
'JEDDA, Arabia, March 24.— There have
been 470 deaths from cholera' at Mecca
and 'Medina during: the past ten days.
Itj Has Caused • Japan to Declare a
• '* . \ ' "Manila. , ' !.\
bUTBBEAK. ,OF "CHOLERA j $£g£
' ~:f'\ l '\ v nr - the C *fimpprwEs
NeeleyyRathboheahd
Reeves to Serve i
Hi Ten Years.^ t: ;
1 \ TWO • FORMER - POSTAL. OF
s FICIALS -WHO i HAVE . BEEN
. .PUNISHED FOR FRAUD.
Punishment of Trio
of Of fenders in \\
Cutia.
. Sheriff Taylor and the police of San Ra
fael have been at work all day on va
rious clews, connected with the previous
incendiary, blaze,' and it is said suspicion
points -.to a" man well known ,ln.Sa.n Ra
fael Jrlt was said. late to-night, after tha
attempt to destroy the Cypress Vllla'was
frustrated, that a > vigilance committee
would be organized to patrol the streets
at night. District Attorney Hclsaac says
that he; will put detectives at work on
the case at once.' • -. *r\^-'-oVj&
Mills was closely questioned to-night by
the police in the hope of gaining some
clew to the incendiary, but he was un
able to state* anything definite. Mills be
lieves, however, that he can give some
substantial - facts for the officers to work
upon to-morrow. , He believes some one
left the yard by the rear entrance just
as he entered at the front gate.
The Cypress Villa is a hotel used mo3tly
during the summer months. It Is owned
by Mrs. J. F. Jordan of this city, and has
Just been entirely renovated and refur
nished by her, to be opened on April 1 for
business.
Just to the rear of the main building
and under an outside staircase a pile of
shavings waa burning. The smell of coal
oil was apparent. Mills attempted to ex
tinguish the flames, but soon became
aware that he was not equal to the task.
He called for help and Night "Watchman
O'Brien was attracted to the spot. To
gether the two men heroically worked to.
put out the fire, and ultimately succeeded.
SAN RAFAEL, March 24.— San Rafael's
incendiary was at work again to-night.
George Mills, who was passing along B
street on his way home at nearly mid
night, thought he heard peculiar noises
In the rear of the Cypress Villa Hotel,
and saw the glare of flames. As he
stopped to listen the noise ceased, but the
blaze brightened. He- entered the yard in
front of the hotel and went around to the
rear of the structure. There he made a
discovery that proved bis first suspicions
correct.
So«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Leonard Wood Likely
to Receive Pro*
motion.
Vigilantes Will Be Or
ganized to Patrol
Streets.
Passer=By Prevents
"Burn ing of the Cy
press Villa.
LieutenanijOeneralls
Not Yet Ready to
to Air the Miles
Controversy. ~
President Is Anxious
Attempts to Destroy
a Motel in San
RafaelM
FIREBUG
IS AGAIN
AT WORK
QUICKLY
ACCEPTS
INQUIRY
CONFERENCE CONSIDERS
RECIPROCITY FOR CUBA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Administration Also
Plans Island's
! Transfer.
with- General Palma to-day.- -While the
affair .. was largely of a . social character,
the prospective transfer of Cuba from
the Americans' to the new Government
provided for by the recent constitutional
convention 1^ was/ discussed.
The actual .date of the' transfer of the
government, it Is said, has not been defi
nitely decided upon. The date has been
tentatively ' fixed as May 1, and the offi
cials, of : this Government have believed it
could be accomplished by that time. More
recently, however, it has become appa
rent that for various reasons there may
have to "be a postponement of the trans
fer to a date later in' the month, say the
10th of the 20th, more likely the latter
flay.' It was- expected that this matter
would: be finally determined at the gath
ering to-night, but it is; said the question
still remains unsettled, except that, the
transfer is! certain to take place in May. ,BIG HELPER. ENGINE NO. 2116, WHICH WAS WRECKED^ BY. 'A. MYS
TERIOUS EXPLOSION. CAL T SING THE DEATH OF THREE TRAIN
•MEN AND A MAN "WHO WAS STEALING A RIDE. ' J "
# ¦' ¦ • ¦ '¦.-.'¦' ¦-. ¦ • •;
RED KET. Ind., March 24. — Charles Shep
erd. a barber, to-day shot his wife and himself.
Both are fatally Injured. ¦¦ - • ¦ •
One Man Is Instantly killed and An
other "Is Dying From His
. ._ . ¦_ "Wounds:"
GREAT FALLS. .Mont;,. Marsh 241— As a
resultof two, gun. plays last nigfyt in< vtbe
eastern part of VaUey: qpynty.'Mont.,; one
man is dead and:»nother is dying; ; Wil-;
Ham J. -Allen, a sauawman and farmer
j sit the Fort Belknap Indian sub-agency at
"Warm" Soiings Creek, -was shot and-in
stantly killed by Charles- Perry^ a-- half
breed, who,is-the wealthiest stock -man
and storekeeper on the agency.' vPerry. has
given himself up to the authorities.. -
. .At -Malta- Robert ,- McDonald, a half
breed;- known as Big Bob,-«engaged in a
quarrel with E: Richie. Richie beat: Mc-
Donald on -the head- with- a • heavy-.: six-,
shooter and McDonald- is expected to. die.
-The Sheriff- and Coroner lfeft Havre this
afternoon for Malta and thence to- the
sub-agency. .........
FATAL BESU1T -ATTENDS '
GUN" PI/AYS IN MONTANA
In a dispatch from Pretoria, made pub
lic • last night, Lo"rd. Kitchener gives ills'
usual weekly total of Captures, etc., but
does not mention the- Schalkburger inci
i dent."- • ¦.. ..-.".: ••¦ ¦¦-.-•¦¦'. .'.
It .Is believed,, continues the& Daily-
Chronicle, that the envoys after acquaint
ing Botha with the result of their mission
will again confer with . Lord Kitchener,
although no arrangements for the second
conference have actually been made.
LONDON, v Marchl 25— The; Daily Chron
icle this morning asserts' triat 'ah armistice'
has been arranged pending the 'duration'
of Schalkburger's mission to General De
wet and. that .offensive qyprations against
.DVwce.t, Delarey and Botha have been sus-.
pended. THe three generals have agreed
to observe the iarmlstlc^ honorably irhtil
the return of the envoys to' tha Boer lines.
Overtures. *
In "Els Report of Capturesj Howeyex,
. Kitchener Does Not Mentipn'. . .
•. '¦:-:¦ .the.. Latest, Peace- ¦:
This; Is Pending the Mission
cf Sck&lkbtirger'J tp . \"
C^r /General Dewet- >'
- Suspended;"
Offensive Operations Re-
ported to Have Been
Disaster on Helper Engine of a Southern Pacific Westbound Freight Train
- Occurs at Lake Hill, Nevada, and; Engineer Wilton, Brakeman Uphoff
and a Wfan Who Was Sfealin| a^Ride Are Killed-Firemari Fatally Injured
ARMISTICE
ARRANGED IN
SOUTH AFRICA
BOILER OF LOCOMOTIVE EXPLODES
CAUSING THE DEATH OF FOUR MAN
Stockton's New Police Cnief.
=¦ STOCKTON. March .24.— The Board of
Police and -Fire Commissioners tonight
appointed ; C. H. McGurk , chief ..of • polico
to fill the ujiexpired term of John D. Gall
who resigned the first ; of the year. ;" J '
• W, G. ¦Sepplch, of ,the Russ House Barber
Shop." 217 Montgomery st.'; originator of 'the
antiseptic and license law : for bnr.bers . of. 'this
Etate, has now introduced a new method of
Fhavlng without soap. Shaving cups and soap
are no more In • use at this establishment
where 15c is the price of a shave. - *
Tonsorial Hints on Health.
i WASHINGTON. March 24.— After announc
ing* few opinions the United States Supreme
C 5 OU I? to-^Jay took a recess until /Monday.
AJTil ••
NEW YORK,. March' 2f— A petition was
filed this afternoon. by the Bank of New
Brunswick at Sti.-John, N. B.y the First
National Bank,,"of Ottawa, Illinois, and
the National Bank of Helena, asking that
the. Crude Rubber Company b'e .declared
involuntarily -bankrupt.',- Each of the
three- banks .which figure in the petition
has' claims on the rubber company for
$5000, The petition asserts that the com
pany has* liabilities of . $3,000,000 '. and .. that
it- has committed various acts," of ¦ bank
ruptcy. The company is now, the peti
tion states, in. the hands of. two receivers.
Rubber Company Is Bankrupt.
Child Crippled by a Fall.
; SALINAS. March 24.— Lucille. the
seven-ycar-oM daughter of Doctor S. B.
Gordon, fell- from a 3 wing this morning
sustaining a fracture of the left leg close
to the hip. She will be crippled for life.
Several Changes Made in the Postal
Service and More: New Pen-'
. sions Atre Granted. , . . , \' ; , :
WASHINGTON, March" 24.— Postmaster
commissioned: California— Frank- . L.
Powell, Lemoore.? ¦_ ' . V .'.
These pensions were : granted to-day;
California: Original-Francis .8. .Adams.
Veterans' Home, Napa,- $8; Henry H.
Maynard, Los 1 Angeles, $10. War. with
Spain— Webb L. -Smith, ' San Francisco,
$6. Increase— Davis C.. Burke, San Fran
cisco, $12; John W. Harrison, Eby, $12;
Robert Orr. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$10; Michael A. Teal. Riverside/ $8; George
H.. Hubbs, Barf. Diego, $8;.. _IJ.
Cooper; Norahoff ,' $8;' Owen Finnegan,;San
Jose, - 512 ; Enoch Bobbins, J Los
$12; Thomas Ruxton, San i Francisco. $12.
Mexican war-Matthew W. Cleghorn,
Highlands, ¦• $12; George W.- Arbaugh, Sis
son. $12. ' .. •¦' .--¦.... . _ •.
. Oregon: Increase— Jeremiah L. Joseph,
Woodburn, $16. ., . .. ¦;-;
Washington: Increase-i-Cststle - Thom
sen, Milan, $12; minor of William Rowes,.
Yakima, $10. . . ; ...
Navy orders: Surgeon W.'^R. Duboae
wllV report, to the commander, in chief of
the Pacific station for duty as fleet sur
geon on. the Wisconsin. • ,. ¦-, I -.•:.- .'. J
Army orders :- The ' leave of absence
granted Major Robert P. Robins, surgeon
in the Department of. California,: is iex
tended' one. month. ' Captain" George" E.
Stockle,- Eighth": Cavalry;' now. at .Los
•Nietos; ; Cal., > on Bick • leave," ' is" ordered -'to
Wheeling," W. Va:, on > recruiting duty :
Major Harry It. ¦ Rees.rpaymaBter, • Is ro-
OF INTEREST; TO PEOPLE -
.• OF THE PACIFIC - COAST
Only the day before the Government
had appealed to the courts for injunctions
to restrain a number of railroads, from,
violating the interstate - commerce law
and It was known that other roads would
be proceeded against in the same manner.
It was the purpose of the railroads and.
a part of the business that brought
Etubba cut of the wilds of Mexico to
make it obligator? upon the Government,
acting through -the"- Interstate Commerce
Commission, to force an application for a
blanket Injunction onyall railroads. A
trattlc..* manager-. of an* eastern railroad,
who is now in Los Angeles, said:
"There will be a fight made against the
interstate commerce law that, before it
is ended, -will have proved the strength
of the railroads of the United" States
against the Government. Nearly every
railroad. will be in the fight, and, if possi
ble, the Government will be put on the
defensive,"
Organizing Railroad Pool to Fight
.;'-, : , Commerce Commission. «¦•
LOS ANGELES. 'March 24.— J. C.
Stubbs' hurried visit to Los Angeles last
¦week, when he remained in seclusion two
days, but was in constant communication
with the executive' heads and the heads
of traffic departments of nearly all of the
.great railroads of the country. Is said. by
railroad men here to.haye been in the.in
ter«st of the greatest railroad, pool ever
organized. The traffic manager of the
Union and Southern Pacific railroads left
the Harriman "party in Mexico- to come
tc Los Angeles to perform a lot of work
that could not be done -from his private
car in M.exico. -This was all that Mr.
Stubbs would say of his announced visit.
STUBBS' WESTERN MISSION.
Piles. Cured Without the Knife.
f Itching. Blind,. Bleeding: or. Protruding 'PHe«
No eur*\ No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to rerund
money where U fiallo to cure any .case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cur«3 ordinary
cases in. six days; worst oases In fourteen days
One application gives ease and rest. Relieves
Itching Instantly. This Is a new discovery, and
Is the only pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no. pay. A free sample will ba
tenfby mall to any one sending name and ad
drees. vPrlce, 50c. If your druggist don't keep
It In Btbck eend COc in stamps and we will for
ward ;full size- box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE. CO., St. Louis, , Mo., who
also manufacture the celebrated cold cure,
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tablets.-
•OMAHA, Nebr., March- 24.— To travel
from Chicago to San Francisco without
spending a cent of their own money is the
task Miss Grace Fpsland and Miss Louise
Gauss of Chicago have set for themselves.
The adventuresome pair arrived here
this morning in the best of health and
spirits. They are apparently : about 20
years of age. Miss Fosland was attired
in a ratty black tailor-made suit of walk
ing length. Miss Gauss wore a dark blue
walking suit. They carry^ nothing but a
small grip and one umbrella. The young
women are not making the trip on a
wager, they merely want to see whether
or not it is possible for two American girls
to -travel 2000 miles without great incon
venience, making their way as they go.
They left Chicago two weeks ago.;-- •
"We left Chicago on the train,
Miss Fosland; "and rod© to Aurora. There
we left the cars, for we had only 45 cents
between us.' . We have alternately, walked
and. ridden since. .When we have no
money we walk— otherwise we ride.
In Illinois the girls say thcr were four
days without " food, and were, thirtvrsix
hours without, sleep. They expect to
reach San Francisco by June.l and are
confident that -they will succeed. At the
postofflce they obtained their, first mail
since leaving home.' . -. ..v- .,.••...
cago Without Spending a Cent
. .' of Their Own Money.-
Undertake to Beach Here From CM-
ADVENTTIBESOMB GIR3^S I
TRAVELING TO THIS -CITY
Two Boys Frozen to Death.
ASTORIA, Or., March 24.— The steamer
Sue H. Elmore '.' brought : the .'. body of
Arthur' Ward from ! Tlllamook* tb-nlght.
Ward and,a boy named Miles Kauffman
of Portland started across the .mountains
from Tillamook to Yainh^ill' County, on
Friday and" were* found .-frozen 'to death
two miles v apart on. Saturday morning ;by
a .mail carrier. The boys- were about 17
years old. Ward's parents live. here. •
•STOCKTON. March 24.— Work. win be: com
menced ta.-morro.w on the -.new glass factory
south of Stockton. . : , . . ',' : ,
lieved from temporary duty at • San .Fran
cisco . April 1 and ordered to Chicago;
Major George R: Smith, Captains George
E. .Plckett and -Seymour Howell, paymas
ters, are . ordered to the 'Philippines- via
San Francisco about May. 1,- relieving
Lieutenant Colonel W. .H. Comegys and
Major Francis L. 'Payson,. Who will ¦ pro
ceed to San . Francisco . and await .further
orders. • - . ¦¦ ¦ ...
per part of the engine were blown off
the track, while the trucks remained on
the roadbed. /
Papers in Myers' possession show that
he had been for eight years a soldier in
the regular army, and was discharged
from the Tenth Infantry July 22, lSaS; at
Tampa, -Fla.' .- •. ¦¦¦¦
¦ Fireman Munsea's death removed the
last one that can possibly tell the cause
•of the explosion, and will likely leave the
matter forever a mystery.-: • : .
: LONDON, March '24.— Santos-Dumont
arrived in London to-day,, bringing the
airship -with which he intends to- make a
voyage over London during the corona
tion festivities. He said .he proposed to
sail for the United States early irv April
and will consult with the authorities/ at
St. Louis on the subject of- the conditions
of- the exposition competitions. He
thought that th^ aerial coHrse should be
staked out aroupd St. Xouis by' means of
captive balloons and that competitors
should be required' to complete, the circuit
within a. time. limit. Santos-Dumont also
confirmed the report that he hopes to in
augurate an international competition in
New York about the end of .the current
,year. He will remain in the United States
about a fortnight. .' ¦ • ;.-
English Capital During Coro
. nation Festivities.'
Intends. to Make a Voyage Over the
SANTOS-DTJMONT ARBIVES' ;. ; .
IN LONDON" WITH . A.IRSHIP
• All of the men were badly scalded.^The
bodies and injured were brought here on
the second section of No. 6 at 8:30. The
trainmen state that the boiler and' up- :
Munsea was unmarried and lives in Og
den. His left leg was shattered anl he
was badly scalded about • the face and
body. -. :. : .. - . :.-. : -...•
Uphoff was married and . was -the
brother of William C. Uphoff, commissary
agent of the Southern Pacific at . this
point. He was about 20 years old.'
.^ GDEK Utah, /V.March 24.— The
ft A\ of helper, ertgine No. 2116
11 vl 1 : bn -we-itboundV'f reight train No. |
206 blew up'/at 3 o'clock this
" morning while" going up Lake
Hill, Nev., '^eventyf miles "west of
Ogden. Three men . were killed and one
man, the - firernan, was so badly burned
and scalded that he died in the hospital
this afternoon. The. dead:
WILLIAM WILTON, engineer.
E. A. UPHOFF, brakeman.
WILLIAM T. MYERS of Genesee, 111.,
who was stealing a ride.' £ <~
. ROY MUNSEA, fireman..
The engine was a new compound. Traf
fic was blocked for about two hours.
Wilton was married and leaves a wife
and two children in Ogden. '
• President MJteheil said to-night that
there ha* been a misapprehension con
cerning the sentiment of the convention.
All the delegates favored conservatism,
he said, but they were unanimous in their
demands- for an adjustment of their
grievances. .• .
Should a strike occur as -a. result -of to
day.'s declaration over 144,000 mine work
ers would be rendered idle. Of this num
ber nearly 120.000 are on the membership
rolls of the union, the duties cf the re
mainder, being of a character whicli ren
der them ineligible t" membership.
NEW YORK. MaSh 24.— Notice -was
given out; to-night byHalph "Mr Emelev;
secretary of the National Civic Federa
tfon, that the conciliation committee of
the federation would hold a special ses
sion Wednesday morning of this week at
the federation headquarters" here to-con
eider the -threatened miners' strike.'Sen
ator Hanna has- telegraphed from Wash
ington that he will attend, -and others
who are expected at the meeting are
Bishop Potter. Oscar Strauss, Charles' A.
Moore. Frank P. Sargent. James Duncan,
John Mitchell and. Franklin MacVcagh
boards who will carry the mine workers'
demands tb the conciliation committee-of '
the Civic .Federation, with an appeal to
that organIr.atioTi for assistance. r» - %
The district, executive' bi?ards met to
night to select the fourteen 'delegates who
under the provisions of the resolution are
to comprise the committee. After thu
meeting President Mitchell said the mem
bers had not been named, but that men
fitted for the mission by their knowledge,
of the situation in the anthracite coal re
gion would be chqsen.
'{, Favor Conservatism.-- - ;
r Dnrlng the' day. President Mitchell -was
i» communication by telephone with Sec
retary Ralph M. Etns'.ey of tfce Civic Fed
eration, in which he announced the deci'
sion cf the convention. This organization
is empowered by its constituents to use
its good offices . to prevent strikes -when
appealed to by one --of the parties to "the
proposed rupture.' •>•.- -..". - f .
In the event ok failing to &ecure satis
factory concessions the committee ap
pointed to-day wlfi report to the district
executive boards, 'is'hlcn -irere authorized
trj- the cty»veirj|ojrr'to deciar^ a strike. ' 'V
The purpose "of the cbuvpntion in sus-^
pending work at the mines three days in
each week . of . April, ; lf : ' negot'atkuSfe are'
thep pen<Ji^p, ;is .to- prevent the, etoxage
of coal by the companies, by" producing
an amount sufficient only to -supply the
existing need's of the market.
•r.nis •" rete'ved. ' se^ral j-ppHcy,- *pne of
-v'hich was - from ¦ President Baer. of the
Phllsdo'.pliia and. Reading Coal,- and Iran
Company. .Those who replied refused : to
meet the representatives of the union.
Others mad£ iy> reply.. The text of th*
replies was not made public.
This resiiJtrd in the -formulation of the
resolution' presented to-day, and accord-
Ins to President Mitchell It Was adopted
without a dissenting vote. .The resolu
tion provides for the appointment of z.
committee .by the three district executive
SHAilOKIN, Pa., March 24.— Unless the
effort* of the Civic Federation are effec
tive the coal operators it^s.rnore
than Hkely that a repetition of the;strug
ele ofi'1300 will occur in the' anthracite re-,
gion. tin that year 140,000 «mpl6ye£-O"£ thfe
anthra.? ite mines were . on - strike six
weeks'i -, *'.-"'' H '¦'
Theieonvention to-Gay of- districts Nos.
1, 7 and 9. United Mine Workers t)f Atncr
ica. vfijich districts comprise th0- entire
anthracite field, made a provislefiKJl etrlke
.declaration, leaving the date to bKdeci : dcl
by the executive boards of Jbe^.threedis- •
tricts.^This was practfcally- the ?a*t - cf
flcial act of the delegates, and.-the eo»re»
lion adjourned sine die at 4^o 'clock this
afternoon. ". . ¦ --V:i - v i* -
The adoption of the resolution • contain- ¦
ing the ultimatum of the.inine worke:s-,
v.as foilowed by a scene -of; wild enthu-
EiaFm. >and the opera-house.rang yith the
exclamations of the delegates; who "with
lusty cheers approved = the. work of the.
special ..resolution . c;ointt;lttee»- and ex-;
pressed- their corifidence in President
Mitchejli * ¦ 5» i . ' ; :
The result of the first jressioij: showed a
disposition to insigf on as^-$djU8tment of
the miue workers' '¦ gr1«avjinc^. : x lJut the
delegates were willing- to ireUnquish the
Question of recognition providing more
concessions were, granted.-; This fact is
e\-idenced In the. -resolution' adopted to r 
day, wfelch states as the, chief demand a
6horteri work day, a minimum day wage
scale, a- uniform increase in •¦ wages 'jlnd
the weighing of coal; wherever practica
ble, ii i - ' J:
The Civic Federation is regarded by the
delegates as the last hope of the mine
workers. in their demands for improved
conditions, and the gravity of the situa
tion wasimanifested in the words of Pres
ident Mitchell: "I am free to say that to
me a strike seems imminent." ..' -.
Operat^ts Refuse to Join Conference.
The resolution adopted to-day was the
result ctf a. difference of opinion . among
the delegates as to the methods to b* pur
sued in enforcing the mine workers' de
mands. Resolutions had been presented
to the convention from several districts,
but lioneof them srere satisfactory to the
entire body of delegates., It was then de
cided to piece the matter in the hands of .
President Mitchell and the district presi
dents and vice presidents. Before com
pleting the draft of the resolution Presi
dent Mitchell communicated with the
presidents xit' the "coal-carrying roads,
making aMast appeal for a conference.
The'- telegram was as follows: ;¦
By direction, of the miners' convention I
Trii%- to ascertain If your company* will; Join
other ar.ttifjwiie coal companies In convention
with the ihthradte minewbrkers for -purposes
of tiitcussir.s end adjusting* srieraneesi'-ivtilch
&Sect all coinp&nles and ail employes- dike?
Pleat-e sr.Ewer.
Steele said that there..ha& never been
any iron-bound agreement between Hill
and Morgan that they could hold on to
their Northern Pacific stock. ' The pjan of
retiring Northern Paciflc preferred had
come up before 1901, he said. On May 1,
1901. J; P. Morgan '& Co. had about
t^ 000,000 worth of- Northern Paciflc, com
mon and between May 1 and. May 7 they
boujrht about $15,000,000 worth. In the
middle of the summer they sold $10,000,000
worth of it to the Northern'" Securities
Company, getting stock of the Northern
Securities Company in return.
Charles Steele of Morgan & Co.' was
called. He said Mr. Bacon of that firm
had* conducted the purchases of Burling
ton, stock, made last. year. The firm.or
ganized -a syndicate to raise 570.OO0.CO0
cash, which was necessary in order to
control Burlington. The object s of 'the
purchase, he said, was to reap the profits
that would result from .getting Eastern
and -Southeastern connections , for the
Burlington.
To Control Burlington.
He said that the 'Stock was not pur
cliasea lor fhe purpose oi securing control
of tnc Burlineion for the Union Pacinc.
He also declined to answer a question as
to whether he had acted for any railroad
interests in making the purchase of Bur
lington stock. He said he . had no pre
vious knowledge ,-of the efforts of the
Northern Pacino and the Great Northern
to get hold of the Burlington.
Scniff said his firm never represented
the Union Pacinc or the Oregon Shore
Line as bankers in the stock market. He
declined to say whether the tlrm had so
represented Harriman. As far as he could
•recollect, the. purchases made by his firm
of Northern Pacinc before Mar 5 last year
amounted to *s. 000,000. A few- weeks -later
! this "stock "was transferred, parr to the
I Union Partite :and- part to the Oregon
Short Line. The \tltness said he had no
conference with J. Pierpont Morgan con-
I cerhlfig'fhesv- purchases, but there^ was a
1 conference between ; himself ' and _Ham
finan on one sideand- J. J.rHlll and Charles
] Steele of J. P. Morgan &Co, on the other.
' He said there were two such conferences,
-but; at neither of them, was there a
show-down to determine whether the Hill
•or -Harriman interests obtained a ma
' ioritv-of NoTthetn Pacinc -common 'Stock.
fSchlif said -he did not. learn. >of,- the fact
' that the, Union Pacific was disposing of its
I Northern Pacific holdings until the mat
ter came before the board of directors, of
Si which h$ was a member/
t V At the Invitation of HilL . \
r Tbfr stock .was said to' J. P. Morgans
Co and payment .was tnade i»v,nine or
i ten mfllioh dollars' cash and eighty or
i ninetv • million dollars in stock of the
i Northern Securities Company. The wlt
\ ness said Hill asked him to take a place
i on the Northern Securities board. Schifi
!«ald'he first learned of the retirement; of
1 Northern Pacific 1 preferred stock at the
j time of its actual retirement. He did not
know whether Harriman had been con
sulted In the matter. Schiff said the
Union Paciflc and the Oregon Short Line
Isold their Northern Paciflc because they
i thought' it would be a -good thing to get.
la profit on their,- stock.-. The stock was
I originally purchased ¦ because Kuhn, Loeb
; & Co. thought it was a good thing to do.
". It . was the object of the firm to obtain
I as' much as possible of the stock. The
j first information the witness had of the
organization of the" Northern Securities
i Company was -whenine read about it in
the. u .newjBpais«rs:.' T iHe ;had ; , nothing to - do
r with*, thei organisation ;¦ of the company,
t n0i«Had: i £te.anyi-.ih£ere9t,Tn its affairs un
tti'l IK* betamdra director-at the" invitation
of Hill. " -
j •' W. ,-T- Clough, vice president of the
3 Xorthern Securities Company, was called
7 lipon'tb, furnish, a! copy of the by-laws of
j the company. • ; . "_,j :_, :
Declines to Answer.
NEW YORK, March.-- 24.— The hearing
<iri the suit-'comjnencetHjy Peter Power "in
'the United; 7 States! ..Court for the District
oi ¦Minnesota-. fot'.1:he,,purpose of deter
:inning th£*6t*ndihg befprp.the law of the
¦ pftiV'cjtiisejand. holding pf Northern Pacific
aind Great --'Northern stocks iiy the North
ern "Securities . Compacy.;was continued
; hiefe." tHiS"a£t«moort "befxire^Richard A.
' Mabey, a epepiaj examinerrV ;
| Jacob H.-? Scbiff. <jf, thfe firm of ICuhri,
Loeb &Co;' was- a witness. He was ques
tioned l?y..A. M. Boutelle of 'Minneapolis
of cougseUf or -Peter Power. Schiff jjald
he ircas" a member of .the board of direc
tors <jf the NoftReTh Pacinc since the lat
ter, part; of ,1697 f*nd ; :haxi' been, selected a
director of. the Chicago;^Burlington and
Quincy Railroad Company in- 1901. He is
also a director of the Northern Securities
Company.. Up .to lMl^.he was a. director
of the Great He did not re-
f stock, ; he had 1 in the
Great Northern; he had not' held- any^of
it since the summeiMa/Jast year.s He was
oatf"6f ~$u fcrftrrdjer of- financiers wko in 1896
.pfcrchase^^^^^rwo-th-^fj-'Northetn
Pacinc cojiiriiojrXt^the'.tinie or. the^reor
! giinlzation of L'^fit-^rokd. *£ i, V •• >*•' " : -• • ¦'
l^as deal?"^vos asked,
= "&r£ liiH; l cKn?t6.p you,"- replied Schiff.
The:S*hness Waid he had purchased "20,-
C6o shares df.Hurlington stock in 1001.',* «
"For whoni' did you act In purchasing
that clock?' ' • • . . ¦ V\..
;*Tdecllne to answer." - <-.
V * "Did -you * act for the Harriman inter
ests?" .'•• ¦¦'.
"I decline to answer. I decline -to
answer any questions regarding the busi
ness- of Kuhn. Lo*b & Co: unless com
pelled to do; so.""
Charles Steele of JS. P. Morgan & Co.
Tells of Big Stock Transactions
and* the -Ulan to" -Control
"the 'Burlington.
One ai^d Fprty-Eour TtiSii
sand Men to; Answer- Call ofvtlie :.
U' Union Tfnless<; Trpubla - r -
V is Adjus^i'-^, ? "* f. :¦¦
Effort to Settle the Dispute
V^ilitBe Mado.By Givic ¦ '
|Ji Federation. *i<:-'-i.X'£- "
Declines to Answer Questions
: Concerning Business of
His Own Firm.
Sci\:ff.a Beluctant fit
ness in Northern Pa
cific pontroversy.
Tfee, .Appeal .;. for. a. .Con
' ference Is Denied by
Operators.
SOME LIGHT
ON RAILROAD
COMBINATION
COAL MINERS
ON VERGE OF
A BIG STRIKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1902.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<M THE SPRING,
.,.. When. you have that tired feel-
ing, and are nervous and sleep-
less, is a good time to take a few
doses of Hosfette'r's Stomach Bit-;
ters. It is. an .ideal spring: med-«
icine and blood purifier, aad will
curie , dy spspsia^. ' • indigestion,
malaria, or liver and kidney
troubles. .Try it. Our private
stamp is over the neck of th?
bQttle. : ,
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
/t£&\ DR MEYERS & COr
'/|w^t\ SPEC1ALISTS f0 * ML^«
/» Pff >«* uJ -V Established 1SSL eon-
I V\ Ml «ultation and private boo*
[' \3j* 4&Lv tree at offlcs or by. xsjUL
\^^W 731 MARKET ST.
/ CAN * FRANCISCO. CAU
- SUMMER RESORTS^
.. BAr STATB HOUSE,
: SANTA CRUZ. CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS. LY-
DIA MATHISON will open tha Bay Stat*
House and Cottage3 for the season, newly fur-
nished and refitted. Those who know the lady's
wide reputation for good' cooking will readily
understand that the table will be th« chief
feature of the menage of the Bay State. Th»
house is beautifully situated on Beach Hill,
close to tho bathing beach. An attractive homa
for either the summer or winter at ¦ moderate
rates. Open the year round. For terms ad-
dress: MRS, LTDIA MATHISON. Bay .'Stat*
' House and Cottages. Santa Cru». Cal. .- i
;-;;: ' OCEAN TRAVEL. '. '
ftamburg-i/kmerican.
" TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE. .
; PLYM.OUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURGH
A Victoria April 10 IF. Bismarck.'. ...May. 1
- Peutschland . : April 17 1 Columbia May' 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSEnVGE * «ERVICR.
II PLYMOUTH- CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Patricia '...April 51 Pennsylvania .April 22
Waldersee . . .. April 12) Pretoria . .April 20
HomhurA-Amepicari Line, 37 B'ytrnyi N. Y.
¦ : . HERZOG & CO., General Agents for.Paclflo
Coast. .401 California gt ggm Francisco. ... .
A AAHtlliVer «T A* A Hi- WA!", SAMOA, -rtRI
occaaics.5.t0o
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :..... ;
! .... •....: Saturday, March 29. 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu.^:. .:...:......
•—;•.%..;¦. .".-..¦.Saturday;- March -29,- 2 -p. ni.
SS.'. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa'-'Auck-'
:iand and Sydney... ThUrs.", April 10; ;ip 1; a. ;rn.
J.D.- SPBECPLS iBSOS. CO. , Gfincial AgtS, , 329 MaifcBt
Gea'IPass. Office; 643 Mamt St., Pin "in. 7. Paciflc St.
COMPAONIB GENEBALE TRANSATLAKTKJUE
JilRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS; -^j^-.
Sailing ' every Thursday, Instead of «S5m55>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. tHeaxBSa
North River., foot ot Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre.' $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Now
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents.- 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by " all Railroad Ticket " Agent*.
¦ AMSXUcAlS' XiIWE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. PauL'.Apl. 2. 10 am;Phllad'pha.Ap,16,10ami
Bt. Louis.* Apl. 9. 10_am St. PauL.Apl. 23, 10am
X«JB1X> STAB. LIHTE.
NEW YORK. ANTTVERP. PARIS.
Frlesland..Apl. 2, noon:Pennland.^pi. 1-1. 3pm
Southwark..Ap. 9. noon' Vadertand..Ap. 16. noon
'. INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.7
•V . 30 Montgomery st.
•'.: ' CHAS. P. TAYLOR. G. A. P. a
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
: Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p.* in.': except Sun-
& a 7j\ Su , nday '' 9:4 ?«^« ln:: - 8:30 »• ra -' Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. 0 p. ra. except
Sunday..' Sunday, 7 a.-.rn.. 4:15 p. m. Fars SO
cents. Telephone Main. ¦ 150S. .Landing and
office. , pier -. - Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. :"., ' : ':. ;.;•.- ¦
PAUSE'S CELERY COMPOTJlfD.
Paihe's Celery^
Compound
HAS THE APPROVAL AND IN-
DORSEMENT OF THE BEST
PEOPLE AS A LIFE-
0 ',.. giver;
No Other Spring Medicins Can Give
. rSiiob." CiTeering and Happy Results
:; to Sick and Diseased People.; ; %
•As spring ushers in w the, physlcally t
..iweak, sIcH and diseased realize that their'
condition' is one of extreme danger. It is
a well-known fact that while the trees
hud and dress anew- thousands of men
¦ and women are. cut off. by the common
diseases of life. Thi3 fact should arouse
the attention of the ailing and sick to
the folly of underestimating and neglect-
ing -the ills that make life miserable at
this season.. . ; .: ' •
The use of Paine's Celery Compound at
this, time will save many a precious life.
The great compound equalizes and calms
all the nervous tissues and Induces the
body 4 to take on firm and solid flesh. It
purifies the blood, as is plainly shown by
the rapid clearing of- the skin of all evi-
dence, of bad humors .within; It regulates
the organs of digestion';* 'it gives natural
slefep' arid sweet rest."
All our best ; physicians recognize Paine's
Celery 'Compound- a» the one scientific
spring remedy, and it is universally pre-
scribed by them wherever there is need
of- a vigorous and prompt restoring to
health and strength. The use of one bot-
tle. , of Paine's Celery Compound will
bring -the happiest results to all weak,
biroken down and despondent* sufferers,
and will quickly banish . the fears of
doubters and unbeliever's..- Paine's Celery
Compound has the approval and indorsa-
tion of clergymen, professional men gen-
erally, Judges, members of Parliament,
merchants and the best people. Test its
virtues, dear sufferer; It cannot disap-
point you. -.'.• ' ii ; si -
niamnnrf lluOC color » n y tnln s any color.
U IdM U11U UjfCO simple. durable, economical.
Pacific Coast' Steamship Co.
TL * • ¦ Steamer* ". leave Broad-way
gS^._ Wharf, San Francisco:
'wSSBc.v For Ketchlkan, Juaeaii,
SUag^ay. etc.. AlasVta— U
l.m .. MaVch 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
§O&ri$ April. 1. Chang, to com- ¦
cany' s «team«rs *t Seattle.
IS^^S^Cat For Victoria. Vancouver.
lr* a *ti r «jg§ll p O ri.Townsend. Seattle Ta-
>; " • coma. Ererett. N«w YTKat-
Monterey. San Simeon.: Cayucos.?ort Harfora
.^Sari Lul« Oblspo>. Santa
H-ueneme. East Saa S-ofiro. Saa Pedro ana
•Xe-w-port («Bon!ta only). .„ " 1, .__,, »
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. March T. \*. 23. 81. April 8.
Coos Bay. 0 a. ir_. March 19. 27. April 4.
For En^enada. llaffdateiia Bay. San Jotedel
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alttta. La Paa. Sa nta Bo«-
•Ua and Guaymas (Mex.>— 10 a. m.. TtJ» at •acH
month ¦ " ¦
For' farther Information -obtain folder.
Rljrht l». reserved to chanr» . *team«r» o»
ia111r.fr rtat?s.
TICKET Qi'Jb'ICE— ' * New- Montromery
•treet rPalape HOt*!);* ' -, -J'iC^ i _ *
GOODAlX^ PERKWS & CO.. Oen. AcentJ.
10 Market at.. 8an Frand»co.
1AST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE.
¦ " Only $60. Jncludlnsr meals ana berth, for taa
round trip, on board: the Paciflc Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leavtaff SAN
FRANCISCO APRXL. 7th. due back April 27th.
calling at EXSENADA. MAGDALENA BAY,
J.\X JOSD DEIj CABO, MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA, LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS, Mexico. .
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymaa by rail. For further particu-
lars inquire at TICKET OFFICE, 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar-
ket gtreet. San FTanciscp.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦ FOR- .
• • LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR .^•.JUNB I
VALENCIA »•••' ...JUNE T
And fortnightly . thereafter during the season. ,
, Steamships CITY OF PTJEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving- San Francisco May 26 and May 31, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nora* last year,
landing air passengers and freight without loas.
mishap or delay. ¦ For ' passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Otflcev 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel).
¦ GOODAXifc- PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents,
.' . ,- 10- Marke^ at.. Saa Francisco.
6.R.&M CO.
Only Stetimahlp Tu1mx» **» < » '
PORTLAND, Or., '
And Short Rail L!n* from Portland to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, nil rail oi* steamship and rail, a!
Lowma-r xt^vms.
STEAMER TICKSTS IH CLCDI BERTH aat VEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 24, April 3, 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
- ...;.. i..... Mar. 29. April S. 18, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear «., 11 a. n.
P. /Vy. HITCHCOCK. Oen. Agt.. 1 JHong'y. 3. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brnnnan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo); Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong wlth-.-Bteamei-s for India. ,
etc., -Nq cargo received on board on day ot
Ealllng.
SS. HONtJKONO MART?. . . .r. ....... . -
. Tuesday. April 15th. . 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May 9th. 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU.:........... .;
- Wednesday. June 4th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced -rates. ¦ For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
.421 Market street, corner First.'
• W. H. AVERT. General AgenC.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sad. Americana da Vaporss
To Valparaiso, stopping- at Maxtcan. -Central
and South American ports. Sailing from Haw.
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
COLOMBIA ..April 5 GUATEMALA.. Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...Apj[U WPALENA ......May —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. «No
change at Acapulco or Panama)." Freight and
passenger offlce. 1 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA II S S ?
TO NEW YOB'< VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. $105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Uelnnaw trails FriJay, Mar, 23
S.'S. Ar&yll sails Friday, May -
From Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10, at 2 p. m."
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
Weekly Call t $l. 00 per Year
Take ¦ Laxatlv* Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. All
'drusgisU^refund the.mpney \l it fails to cure.
JB. W. Grove's signature is on each box, 20c,-
To Cure a Coldin One Day
Batarrti, Deafness^
mL AI^^OL^T Throat'
i X Diseases Positively Cured by
% COTTINGHAM'S -m£K d
2e4 Sntter Mrset/NW.Cor. of Kearny
' '-Hours, >-12 a. va.\ 1-3 and 7-8 p. .m. -
rnrr AN HONEST TRIAL OF ONE
Kn-rr WEEK glrea to show ths.su-
1 IVkjij per | or merit -of the treatment.
SOMtest cases, 85 i per cent cured. Call at
once or -write ror Tree treatmeat.
'• -\ • ' ' A D VEBTISEjBIENTsV . ' , . ;-
H Brewed frotti carefully; select-
1 ed barley and hops :— never
I permitted to leave the brew-' I
I ery • until properly ' : aged. §
FOR OVER SJXTY^ YEARS
AN: OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW\i' .-SOOTHING SYRUP
has been. "used for', direr " SIXTY 'YEARS 'by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for thetr CHILDREN-
WHILE TEETHING.' WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. -IT SOOTHES the CHILD.. SOFTENS
the GUMS, ALLAYS, all PAIN; CURES .WIND
COLIC, -. and .is the "¦best remedy, -,- for .^DIAR-
RHOEA ; c Sold by ; Druggists lri-.eyery.',part of
£he world. Be sure and. ask for -*-,.«
MBS." WINSL0W.'S SOOTHING \ SYRUP
•• : ' AND TAKE • N6 ' OTH ER KIND. ' '-
• •:'?; V. Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle. .-;'/THE SAN OFRA^CISCO CALL; TUESD^,:rM^RCH *25, 1902.
esthetic longings.
There is ! one print of particular inter
est and one. which the - Mikado prized
highly. It is "Kanashikl Junsa" ("The
Sad Policeman"), a work, in blue. And
yet another of his Majesty's favorites
han?s from the jinks walls — "Daitannaru
Seidlka". ("The Bold Politician").; -
'.-; One print, conceiv.ed and executed. in the
year 1667 by that eminent Japanese poli
tical i cartoonist. ¦ Shunso, is- particularly
realistic. It is "Nakutokoro no Shlcho"
("The Weeping Mayor."). and rivals Kuni
yoshl's portrait of "Kashira* • ("Chief
Man"), a valiant knight who rode 'rough
shod over his subordinates in the Civic
Assembly of Yankeeshee in the eleventh
«**ntury.
Yelshl's print. "Kireina. Geisha" ("Pret
ty Singer ), Is elaborate in its feminine
detail and coy delicacy, and "Toyokuni's
Yakusha" ("The- Actor"), is touching In
Us tragic effect. *
. The exhibition, which was - thrown open
to the members of tho Bohemian Club
last evening, will continue for.' ten . days.
Next Wednesday will be- guest day at the
unique salon. r'^vv
A QUAINT AND VALUABLE COLLECTION ' OF RARE AND STRANGE
JAPANESE PRINTS GIVES AN ECCENTRIC AND NOVEL. TONE TO
THE WALLS OF THE JINKS ROOM OF THE BOHEMIAN CLUB.
Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade Bays that the raising^ of money
will be one of the first maxters to ba
considered by the promotion committee.
In his opinion, good men should be se
lected to can\*ass San Francisco thor
oughly, giving every property holder &n<]
every corporation a chance to help in the
work. Very likely the Board of Super
visors will be asked to appropriate for
the purpose of encouraging immigration
the full amount permitted under the law,
namely $3000. To provide that the can
vass of the city shall be thorough, Mr.
Filcher suggests that it will be well to
divide it Into districts. • The Lakeport
Bcerd of Trade has taken preliminary
tteps to affiliate with the State Board of
Trade, which is one outcome of the
present movement.
T. C. Friedlander. secretary of the Mer
chants' Exchange, has been' named by
that body to be a member of the promo
tion committee that will act with .the
State Board of Trade to Induce immigra
tion to the counties north of Tehachapl.
This appointment completes the repre
sentation of the commercial bodies of this
city on the committee, and, as the State
Beard of Trade has already appointed
five of its own members to serve, there
are only five members needed from the
Interior counties to give the promotion
cemmittee its entire membership. J. A.
Barr of Stockton has consented to serve
temporarily as a representative of the
Ban Joaquin Valley until an appointment
can be regularly made. Mr. Barr is very
, active as a member of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce. It- is probable
that the first* meeting of the promotion
committee will be held in this city at the
rooms of the State Board of Trade next
Saturday afternoon. R. P. Jennings
represents the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce; A. A. Watklns the San Fran
cisco Board of Trade; Andrea Sbarboro
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation and Charles Bundschu the Mer
chants' Association. . . , :
Commercial Bodies Are
Ready to Promote
Immigration.
CITY MEMBERS
ARE ALL NAMED
Mattie Muimer. the palmist at an exhi
bition at 406 Dupont street, who was con-'
vlcted by Judge Mogan of the charge of
aiding and abetting a lottery, appeared
for -sentence yesterday. The; Judge fined
her $20. She got $10 from Charles Regus
for pretending to '¦ give him ¦ the- winning
numbers in a lottery. Adolph' Winters,
manager of the exhibition; pleaded guilty
to a similar charge and was also fined $20.
Palmist Mnlzner Sentenced.
The , Board of Bank Commissioners , is
sued ,a license yesterday for i the estab- ?
lishment of the University Savings Bank
at -Berkeley. . The authorized 'capital of
the new 7 institution' is. $100,000, which*? is
fully subscribed and half of which. Is al
ready paid in. The bank will open •: for
business on April 1. The following named
officers have been; elected: President, 1 J.
W. Richards; vice president, Benjamin
Bangs; secretary and cashier,; F.. S. Page;
directors— J. \V, Richards, A. Q.Freeman,
John , Hinkel, - .Thomas : Addison, Louis
Titus, Benjamin Bangs, Joseph J. Mason,
CarlrC. Plehn and P. E.. Bowles.- No
treasurer has as yet been chosen.
Issues License for New Bank.
Charles Link, a driver for the Enter
prise Brewery, was severely injured yes
terday by being kicked by a horse. Link
took a pair of horses to the blacksmith'^
shop to have them shod, and as he was
about to enter the shop he pulled on the
lines to stop the speed of the animals
when one of them kicked, striking Link
on the forehead. The man was removed
to the Emergency Hospital, 'where Dr.
Armistead diagnosed his injuries to be a
fracture of the skull and a deep lacerated
wound of the -forehead. The fractured
portion of the skull will be trephined by
Doctors Bunnell and Armistead to-day,
provided the condition of the patient will
permit the operation.
Teamster Kicked by a Horse-
''.'¦' Business manager, Chev. Pietro Buzzi; treas
urer. Jortlce: stage manager, O. Cortesi; mech
anician, A. G. Unger.
• ; The grand opera- company, organized by
. Chevalier/ Pletro- Bu2zi gave a very suc
cessful * presentation of a lyric comedy,
"L'Amico Frit*," last night in
'&-Clay Hall. The players had been care
fully drilled, and -the -fine points of the
opera-were -brought out. The cast
followsi :•. ¦ ; jf ¦ - I
¦ Suzel. prima ' donna soprano, Maria* Welch;
Fritz Kobus, tenor, Cher. Pletro Buxzi ; Beppe
lo Zinsaro, prima donna contralto. Josephine
Nllo; ; David .Rabin, Slsnor Olullo Cortesi;'
Haneso, ' friend of ¦ Fritz, Oalllanl Napoleone :
FeKlericd, friend, of Fr4tx, Battlsta , Barondl;
Katerina, Friti" (i housekeeper, Maria Galllanl;
chorus of peasants. ' ¦ . .; ¦ . ¦
•* During the flrstr act the violin solo of
Beppe, the gypsy., was rendered by Mies
Grace Freeman. - Professor A. Lombardi
played the same solo during the second
act. , ' ;;-',"',
*•> Those; who. had charge of the arrange
ments were: •• t
Gives P. Mascagni's Lyric Com
,edy "L'Amico Fritz." ;
Pietro Buzzi's Grand Opera Company
AMATEURS PRESENT
'£'*£.. r£ g; SUCCESSFUL COMEDY
ATTORNEYS CAREFULLY SCAN
THE VOTES .YETTJNCOUNTED
Closeness of Election Contests Causes
Lawyers to Look Anxiously for
Defective Ballots.
There were only six precincts counted
In Judge Murasky's court yesterday, • In-,
stead of eleven it was figured would be
gone over. Owing to the closeness of, the
contestants their attorneys spent a n'iuch
longer time in scrutinizing . the bailors.
It was discovered during, the day that in
figuring up the total .Tjumber of votes
lost by Coghlan a mistake had been made,
which, -when corrected, gave him two
votes that . were counted as lost. With
sixteen precincts yet to count, Walsh has
a lead over Alpers of 207 votes, Coghlan
Is 29 ahead of Alpers and 45 ahead of
Eggers, and Alpers is only 16 ahead of
Eggers. - ¦¦ :
The losses sustained yesterday by the
contestants were:- Alpers 21, Eggers 114,
Bent 25. Wilson 19,' Coghlan 31, Reagan 33,
Walsh 11 and Finn 36. The present stand
ing of the contestants is as follows: .,-
T Official Loss to Present
: Count. • Date. Standing.
Alpers ....... ..'.18,840. 1,395 14,535
Bent 16,112 .1,341. 14.771
ERgers 1 .........15,953 . 1,434 ¦¦¦ 14,519
Wilson ......16,517 1,241* 15,276
Coghlan ........ IB, 6S6 . 1,118 .14.604
Reagan. .16,414 1.150 -v 14,28-t ,
Walsh ....... ...15.8SB 1;144 14,742 C
Finn ............15.595 1.131 14,464
TRAINED ANIMAL SHOW
ATTRACTS BIG CROWDS
Norris & Rowe's Miniature Circus at
Mechanics' Pavilion Presents
' Many New Features. .
The attendance at . & Bowe's
trained animal show at Mechanics' Pavij
lon last night showed that . ."blue Mon
day,',' the most dreaded of all days to a
circus company,; has no; terrors for that
organization. An change of pro
gramme" was the" order for the new week,'
and the; list; of ¦ features presented last
night proved even stronger, than that of
the opening bill. .
.' A- stunt .that was productive of no end
of merriment -was -*. the introduction <of
"Doc White," ' the ¦ celebrated bucking
pony. An Invitation is open to the small
boy to mount the Shetland and ride h.m
around the ; ring. /.." The little animal re
fuses to be conquered,. and no matter how
good a ' horseman , his .victim , may be
"Doc" . manages to throw him, , and,, as a
rule.-.ina cunning* way that surprises the
rider/; ' '.'.:" ": -' •" : -~ ¦ ' ' ¦ ' v _¦ ' \ ¦
In addition to. the animal show a troupe
of juvenile actors comes ; in » for no little
applause.- The -company, is. composed of
clever children/and their performance fits
thoroughly; the main show. . .
MISS HAOEB "WINS ON
; PRESIDIO GOLF LINKS
jr T7-IREI naru Nippon ga no tenran-
V^f kai ga Bohemian, Club nl oite
rX. hajimari ihashita. Oku no\ hito
|| N X. ga Kanarazu Nippon no blzutus
wo mini uku desho. j _ '
To those who have not yet mastered the
Mikado's language there may appear »n"
the foregoing some sinister meaning— a
possible/, extract 1 from a contemplated
treaty between the United States and Ja
pan.
The ' authentic » translation, however,
merely signifies that a beautiful Japanese
picture exhibition is an attraction at the
Bohemian Club, where many will surely
flock to. view, the art of Japan. - .
: The jinksroom of the Bohemian Club
has' been transformed into, a bamboo
trestled salon, with fruit blossoms and
hanging lanterns and dainty tea tables
decked with flowery decorations— all
from the design «f Edgar Matthews, Wil
liam D. Armes and Arthur F. Mathews. .
Around the salon are hanging prints in
softest color3 from engraved wooden
blocks— prints of the seventeenth," eight
eenth and nineteenth centuries.
The exhibition is strangely fascinating
because' of the grotesque treatment of
subjects.. The dilierence between day and
night is indicated, not^y light and shade,
but, by a hanging lantern; a lovesick
maiden is depicted in*, conditioner angu
lar anguish, and scenery is ludicrously
A marine wonder Is -making a dive
among the river reeds, and Professor
Fenollosa alone would be able to describe
thcpecullarltles of the landscapes. v
Masanobu, an artist .who flourished in
the seventeenth century, is well repre
sented by his "Kodai naru 'Kelshoku"
("Magnificent- Scenery"). _ .
"A Boatman" is a funny idea In char
acter sketch > "Sendo Wa' Okashlna Yosu
no Hito Desu") and is'the print of Shigen
aga, one of the earliest artists of Japan.
•'.'Hltorl.no Kogaretaru Musume" (VA
Love-lost' Maiden") is one of the topsy
turvy Idea's of romance. by the illustrious
Hokusai," who . set Japan- in deep I mourn
ing at the period of his demise in the year.
1849 after a life of ninety years devoted to
FINDS : MRS. TmOEERMAN'S '
DEATH WAS. ACCIDENTAL
Coroner's Jury Asks Board of Health
to Becommend Use of Less
"¦ Poisonous Gas.
In the case of the death of Mrs. Amelia
Timmerman,-* who . 'was accidentally
asphyxiated , in' her room -at 504 ITaylor
street, 5 a Coroner's jury yesterday brought
in a verdict of accidental death and added
the following recommendation: -
In view of the fact . that so many accidental
deaths have occurred recently from the Inhal
ation of illuminating gras, we,- the Jury, recom
mend, that the chemist of the Board of Health
bo requested . to have an analysis made of | the
gas at present ¦ being furnished ¦ customers I of
this city -with. the view, of determining whether
a less poisonous gas may not bs produced. .
Coroner Leland suggested" that lodging
house keepers -were, sometimes responsi
ble for the , accidental deaths from gas
asphyxiation, owing to the habit of turn
ing off the gas:a-t the meter at 12 or.l
o'clock in the morning and turning It on
again -at< 6 ''o'clock ¦ to< enable _ thelr^ early
r isers7 to , dress. , ¦ Thus lodgers j who go to
sleep • with the * gas lighted ,' never awake
unless they - are lucky enough to ' be '¦ out
of bed before 6,-ln which case they light
the gas and ; escape asphyxiation. >
Playing From ¦; Scratch She ; Proves
Easy Winner Over Four, Com
petitors in Handicap.
'¦i Five • ladies'; of the San Francisco Golf
'Club took = part ; yesterday^ morning • in a
handicap tournament, over, eighteen holes,
medal -play. Miss 'Alice ; Hager .'played
from 'scratch and won the prize, 'tr hand
some silver goblet, with a . gros and net
score of 109.- j Miss Florence Ives,. with, a
score of 119 less 6, net 113, and Miss Edith
Chesebrough; i with . a 1 score of . 123 , lees 10.
net 113, tied for. second: place.; Miss Sarah
.Drum's score was 128 less 8, net 120. Mls3
Carroll; who had a handicap of 10 strokes
made no returns. : -^ .,
Large Sales of Realty.
Mrs. Sarah Rodgers, formerly Mrs.
Rcsenbaum;" has sold to' Albert- M.,
Samuel M. arid Charles W. Rosenbaum
and* Virginia "i and Julia . Strassburger . her
Interest in eighteen properties' in this city,
including. valuable residence 'ftnd business
holdings, • the ; consideration being ¦- about
$124,000. .Clinton E. and Evelyn T.,Worden
have sold to i George VW. .Haas 60x77:6 feat
on the wefct line of. Mason street, 77:6 feet
north: fronv Geary street,, with improve
ments ' for, $50,000. • William E.', George ' W.
and : ,. Bell Mighe.ll have ; sold ; to • Isaac
Liebes .the southeast corner, of Jones and
Turk ; streets. for $60,000..- .'-: -"•;--
The next affidavit is by John W. White,
auditor. Mr. White swears that the en
tire gr%ss income of the Santa Fe Pacific
Railroad Company for the year ended
June 30, 1901, was $1,927.326 30; the ex
penditures, cost of operation, equipment,
etc., $1,402,777 13; fixed charges, rents,
taxes, etc., for the same period, $24S,
367 77; net revenue $276,745 55. It Is averred
that no separate account of the local
business has been kept and that no rail
road company doing through interstate
and local business ever keeps or attempts
to keep the cost of doing local business
separate from the cost of doing all tho
business. It Is- averred further that the
Railroad Commissioners have never re
quired such accounts to be kept. -
A. G. Wells, general manager of the
Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
swears that since July 1, 1897, that com
pany and the Southern California Rail
way Company have been operated as sep
arate and distinct corporations, each of
these v forming part of the Atchison sys
tem and having the same general offi
cers. The accounts of the earnings and
expenses of each are kept separate and
distinct from each of the others.
G. Holterhoff, treasurer and assistant
secretary of the Banta Fe Pacific Rail
road Company, deposed that that cor
poration pays $218,133 per annum for the
lease of the line of railroad from the Col
orado River to Mojave, and is required to
keep It In good condition and to pay all
the taxes and assessments. , On the line
from Mojave to Kern Junction $80,000 per
annum Is paid as rental, plus half tho
cost of maintenance and half the taxes.
Between Kern Junction and Bakersfleld
an annual rental is paid of $4659 32. The
SLfHdavlt states the total product. of crude
petroleum from Whlttler and Puente in
Los Angeles County and from Fullerton
in Orange County wa« 2,250,000 pounds for
last year.
The cases were set for hearing for
Thursday of this week at 10 a. m.
In the Interstate commerce, sugar rate
cases -ninety days further time was al
lowed from March 2L r" ¦'- . ' •
The affidavit of Edward Chambers, ge.n
eral freight 'agent with the Atchison, To
peka 'and Santa Fe, avers that that cor^
poration does not now own and never has
owned any of the property of the Santa
Fe Pacific nor of the Southern Califor
nia Railway Company, and that it has
not operated and does not operate either
of those two lines. It is averred further
for the' purpose of making one of the is
sues clearer, that the crude petroleum
produced at Bakersfleld weighs seven and
three-quarter pounds to the gallon, that
there are forty-two gallons to the barrel
and that there are 6.U barrels to the ton.
It is further deposed that . the rates
charged by the petitioning companies had
not-been objected to by the Board of Rail
road Commissioners and had not been
modified or changed by them in any way.
and that therefore those rates had re
ceived the tacit assent of the board.
A batch of affidavits were filed yester
day in the United States Circuit Court on
behalf of the plaintiffs in the oil rate
cases. . They are by officers of the three
companies, the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe, the Santa Fe Pacific Railroad
Company and the Southern California
Railroad Company to restrain the Board
of Railroad Commissioners from enforc
ing the proposed schedule of rates for
transporting petroleum within the limits
of the State of California.
Goolishambarrow said further that he
spent some days in the oil fields in Texas
and particularly at Beaumont. The great
gushers there astonished him. by their ac
tivity and he predicted that the flow of
oil there would - continue for years to
come. He » will leave the city Thursday
for . Pittsburg, in the vicinity of which
He the Pennsylvania oil fields. ; After In
specting , these he will depart for St.
Petersburg, where he expects to arrive
within four weeks.
The distinguished expert wears the dec
oration of the \ Legion of Honor and pos
sesses . several medals awarded in Euro
pean centers for his works on "The Uni
versal Industry," numbering forty-three
volumes. Chief among . these is a gold
medal presented . to him by. the Russian
Geographical Society for writing this
fereat work. He Is the recipient of con
siderable attention' by loteal business men.
all of whom realize that his visit cannot
fail to be of profit to the coast because
of the advertising that will follow the
publication . of his report in his native
land. ,
"I have Inspected many samples of Cali
fornia oil since arriving in the State and'
find it of an excellent marketable quality.
The oil, however, contains too much as
phaltum to render its use as an llluminant
profitable. For fuel purposes it cannot
i>e excelled anywhere. The California oil
Meld is an extensive one and the yield will
be something: enormous in the course of
a few years if the fields are properly de
veloped. The prospects are excellent and
1 have no doubt the boring for oil will in
a short time be one of the great Industries
of your State."
Goolishambarrow is gathering statistics
relative to the oil industry of this country
for his Government. Although this is his
third visit to the United States he has
never had. an opportunity of Inspecting
the oil fields. He is accompanied by his
wife, who acts as his interpreter. When
seen at a downtown hotel last night Gool
ishambarrow said:
A Russian author of distinction and " an
oil expert of International prominence in
the person of Stephen Goolishambarrow
ls in the citv on a mission for the Rus
sian Government. Goolishambarrow is an
attache of . the Russian Finance Depart
ment and an official whose advice the
Czar, in matters of industrial development
of the empire, has not disdained 'to ac
cept on more than one occasion. . In the
field of political economy of Russia Gool
ishambarrow is a recognized authority,
second to none in Europe. - . * "
Stephen Goolishambar
row Here on Im
?! portant Mission.
Railway Officials Pile
Up Affidavits in
Court.
NOTED RUSSIAN
AUTHOR ARRIVES
PAPERS FILED
IN OIL CASES
The Board of . Supervisors of Kern
County extended an invitation to the city
officials to be present at the Bakersfield
free street carnival on May 8. ..
•. The bill shortening the i hours of em
ployment- of"-: drug .. clerks '. was finally
passed. :'¦-¦-¦' ¦'¦:. "'. ¦•".. ¦¦•' s ¦/-¦ . ¦
The- petition of the City , Laundry for
permission to^ erect '.-a boiler at
, Six tten th and' Dolores streets was passed
ttfprlnt, onjcbnditlon that ollils used as
fuel. "Chief/ Sullivan '6f -the'* Fire Depart
ment informed the board' that the sparks
from the ¦ boiler -may ¦ Cause- damage to
Notre Dame College, which vis occupied
by many human beings, and he does not
wish to be placed, on- record as favoring
the petition.- r ' • . »
The residents In '.the vicinity of Bay
street petitioned that should the Market
street Railway Company receive a fran
chise for a\ street car line on the. street
named it.be required to operate the. cars
thereon under a headway of not more
than four minutes during certain hours
of the day. The residents complain of
the present service on the Kearny and
Third street line over Powell street, "an
interval of six minutes being allowed be
tween each car. .
The City Attorney was asked to advise
whether the charter or legislative act
governs in a petition of M. Adrian King
for a franchise to maintain a telephone
.system. \ :
The City Attorney was asked for his'
opinion as to whether the bond filed by ;
Superintendent of Schools Webster corn- 1
plies with the law. :- . : ¦. . . :. .
A resolution was passed to print' au
thorizing the payment of $3375 to the
Boys' and Girls'- Society for care of In
mates of the institution. ' ..
Ask City Attorney's Opinion.
The ordinances ordering the repavlng of J
Van. Ness avenue between Bush and PlneJ
streets, of Clay street between Sansome i
ant. Davis, and of Washington street be- |
tween San3ome and Battery, .were passed |
to print. . ' - :.-•¦¦- ,
The amended ordinance ' regulating i
street obstructions so that they may be;
ordered removed at any time by the
Board of Works was passed to print. /
To, Beautify Van Ness Avenue.
The' resolution 'requesting the Board of
"WorKS to furnish a platband plan,. for., the
ornamentation of \ an^Ness . avenue by
planting trees thereon as provided "in the
pudget of iaOl-1902 was. referred to the
Street Committee. .:.- " : - . -
The petition ot property owners to have
a sufficient sum set aside for building a
bridge . across Vermont, avenue and ban
%Jose read was referred to the Finance
Committee. • ; v ' • ¦¦ .
-The petition of Mrs. E. B/.-Uynch for
damages for injuries inflic tea : on : her son
by a police o nicer was referred i.o the
Judiciary Committee. ?;.
The petition of the Western. Addition
Improvement Club' for '.the* < erection of
electric lights' on Fillmore - and Devisa
dero streets went to the Light Commit
.tee. \.: •¦. ¦ >\ ¦ ¦ ¦ -: l-'-;-y. '¦';: . •'>
An ordinance was introduced by Braun- I
hart at yesterday's meetings of the Board
of Supervisors; which provides ; for the
appointment of a bookkeeping j expert • to
the board at a > salary; of $260 per month..
The ordinance, which was' referred to the
joint •„' committee;' 'onr' Judiciary : and
Finance, authorizes „ the. Finance Com
mittee of the .board to appoint an expert
bookkeeper and accountant, for the; pur
pose of j assisting the • board in \ mult ing
the. annual investigations,:; of the Spring
Valley- Water Company and other q;ias»
public { corporations r in v order -. to fix . the'
rates to be collected -by them. The re30-'
lution recites that "former investigations
havo demonstrated the °otf the
Bgard of: Supervisors StoV ascertain \vitn
uny aegree o£ accuracy; a'aetaiied state
ment' ut. the operauiig,- expenses, cost
of -construction anu* the- saurce ¦ lruin
which revenue is aerivea." .'...". " ¦
The Board of .fublic Works'wa&.direct
ed to report an estimate of the cost, of 1
reconstructing ! the roof of the : City; Hall
in accordance with -the : original plans on
hie, -to be so constructed as to provide
tor additional accommodations ¦ for the
use of the city should tne. necessity '/arise
for the same. Also to report the. present,
condition of the roof ana give its iopiii
lor. as to any immediate or remote neces
sity for reconstructing the same. . :
Board to Ascertain Cost of
Bscqnstr acting City
Hall Root
Bill Before Supervisors
to Employ Expert
NEW POSITION
IS SUGGESTED
The Yakusha Vies With Kirema Geisha and the Kashira HangsBeside
the Daitannaru Seidika, a Favorite Subject in the Mikado's Court.
Collection Includes Specimens of Yeishi, Toybkuni and Shunsho
BOHEMIAN CLUB EXHIBITS UNIQUE
MASTERPIECES EXECUTED IN JAPAN
3
We are in - receipt of some new spring pat-
terns for our made-to-order suits -at $10.00.
The cloth has come direct from the mill. No
middleman has had a chance to make his profits
Withe;. goods. This means a great deal to you,
for we save you this when you buy the clothes..;
The middleman's usual profits are your saving.
Did you know tfiat only large tailoring establish-
ments like ours buy direct from the mills? The -
doth has to be purchased in wg quantities to buy
it at a big discount. We buy cloth for three re-
tail stores and a wholesale manufacturing depart-
ment. - .;
Through buying cloth so advantageously we ¦
are able to offer vou the best made- to-order suit
in San Francisco for $ 10.00. ~.
Samples of the suits free for the asking.
Out-of-town orders for made-to-order clothing filled— satisfactory
fit assured through our self-measuring system-— write for samples.
718 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy Streets. k
; -
DANGEROUS SURGERY
Should Be the Last Resort.
Many people suffer from piles because
after trying various lotions, salves and
ointments without relief or cure they
come to the conclusion that a surgical
operation is the last resort, and rather '
than submit to the shock and risk to life
of an operation prefer to suffer on; very
often, however, the afflicted one is over-
persuaded to resort to the knife, and even
though the operation is apparently cue-'
cessful and theye is complete recovery
from the shock incident thereto the result
is invariably the same — the piles sooner or
later return, because their -cause has not
been removed. This result is a logical
one. Inasmuch as the knife removes the
effects of the disease only, while the
cause remains as before. There is claimed
to be a remedy which does remove the
cause, hence eradicating: the disease, and
that Is the Pyramid Pile Cure. It is in
the form of a suppository. 1b applied di-
rectly to the parts affected and- brings
about a complete cure, quietly and pain-
lessly. In this connection the testimony
of Mr. John Cullen Bryant, the well-
known bookseller of Haverhill, Mass., is
of unusual interest. •
("I desire to contribute an unsolicited
but purely voluntary testimonial in favor
of Pyramid Pile Cure. I have suffered for
more than twenty years with hemor-
rhoids, and have consulted numerous phy-
sicians and have expended a great deal
of money for medicines that did me no
pood. I had often seen Pyramid Pile Cure
advertised, but hesitated for months be-
fore buying same, thinking it a patent or
quack remedy that had no merit;' but
having: tried every other remedy pre-
scribed I was finally persuaded one year
ago to try Pyramid Pile Cure. I bought
a 50-cent package at the drugstore, ¦ and
while I may not be permanently cured,
the past year has been the only year of
my life worth living during the past
twenty years, apd nothing but the Pyr-
amid remedies have wrought this change.
I offer this testimony for the benefit of
suffering humanity." HgMB??Ctf'
/ V ADVEBTISEaiEirrS. ;
;?.>..,. ****/ One may sail the seas and visit every land and everywhere will find, jM ||\ \ \ \ : .\
[^¦¦C'i t k* t men °* atfiilrs, who are well informed, have neither the time li \ . \ \ ; V-,
/ "*• / nor the inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to nse those If :^;|\ \. \ '{ V \ - '
J./v medicines which cause excessive purgation and then leave the internal |[ i$fV "**'"' '' '•' ' '*' \
I / organs in a constipated condition. Syrup of Figs is not built on those b :'$^\\ *'• \ \ \
/ lines. It act* naturally, acts effectively, cleanses, sweetens and strengthens I | l^V";.\ \ \ \ /^
I the Internal organs and leaves them in a healthy condition. • I .-._:. V : ti'>r^ ".*•*•'• \ \ \ \ \
/ If In need of a laxath-e remedy tho most excellent 13 Syrnp of Figs, but j \ \A ' *• \ \. \
/ when anytliing more than a laxatlre Is required the safe and scientific plan 1. ; 'i^^ft-"- \-':-'-\- \ ' \
/ is to consult a comi>etent physician and not to resort to those medicines 1 j : V, \ \
<, I which claim to cure all manner of diseases. - \. . II P^W^0W^^^^'\
';S I The California Fig Syrup Co. was the first to^nufoeture a laxative remedy 1 \,- \\MM$^0^^MW^^ -
£*trj which would give satisfaction to all; a laxative which physicians could I : . | '^^^^^^y^it?
sanction and one friend recommend to another ; so that today Its sales probably 1 \ \ 'jF"\ \ . \ - \
"l exceed all other laxatives combined. In some places considerable quantities of # I \ \ / \ \ \ \ *
I old-time cathartics and modern imitations are still sold, but with the general : R \ \J \ \.\..iT 4 'r"'"Y*"t
I diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has come l\ v.\ / ...*••'<* ' V- '• \ V \
I into general nse with the well-informed, because it is a remedy of known value n". \ AV*** 1 }** \ • \ 7 \
-... J and ever beneficial action. .* • .^ r ' . ' l\''- V'Z* \ \ '• V V ' -
*"" v »vj The quality of Syrup of Figs is dne not only to tho excellent combination of FV' '.-V*' \ /, \ Y l . v \ \
-".•> J the laxative and carminative principles of plants, known to act most beneficially LJi "' \ I V \ \ \ ;
: f^M on the system, with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids, but also to the I^V^./Ai A : \ v ' \ . \
''i orginal method of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and its beneficial . LJ6-/( V ::i -W\^' ! \ \\
] effects one should always note the full name of the Company— California Fig | \f£:/':-$:}''-:'-; .'*v*'.* v " •V <^-^" *"" :
~>.J Syrnp Co.— printed on the front of every paekage. *\, I — T&J;/#yl : y/S^>*^'THE CALL'S RACING FROM CHART
Agent Thomas Expected.
' Special Revenuo Agent Burt M." Thomas
is expected^ to arrive from Honolulu on
the Alameda, which is due today.
The Talk of Turfdom.
Mannie's Turf Company's three-horse
specials are the talk' of turfdom. If : you
have been up = "against it" picking the
winners secure Mannie's specials. A
string of long shots this . week. 30 Post
street, suite 4 and 5. '._¦ , . ,, ¦•••
VANCOUVER. Wash., March 24.— W. I D.
Tenant has filed suit against the Washington
and Oregon Railway Company In the Superior
Court ¦' for $50,000. The suit is: the;; result, of
an accident which occurred- on the road .on
January 23, ln which Tenant lost both of his
feet. ¦ ; • . ¦ ¦ : . ¦
DENVER, Colo., March 24.— The Coli
seum'Athletic Club to-night agreed 'with
J6hn Corbett, manager for "Young Cor
bett,". champion featherweight, that the
champion's next fight should be 'held ln
Denver, , April 18: This is a month" earlier
than*. the club originally decided.. The
change is made to give "Corbett". a
chance to fight a'long series of matches
before summer. John Corbett ' refused a
$10,000 offer from London and a $12,000
offer In this country for the v next Cor
l.ett-McGovern go. He expects • to get a
$20,000 purse for this match, r -,-¦
Coliseum Athletic Club of Denver
- Hakes Agreement "With. Feath
erweight's Manager. , .
YOTTNGV Cp&BEKT ; TO FIGHT ' .
IN COLORADO" NEXT MONTH
; First race — Flitting, George Whitney, Read
strong. ¦.-.-.
Second race — Lizzie Rice, Sylvia Talbot, Al-.
scno. . .-¦ : '.'.¦¦' •. . x . .. ,' .:
'Third. race — Bernota, De Capo, Captivate. •
¦•Fourth race- — Jim- Hale, Herculean, Lady
Meddlesome.
Fifth race— Old England, Sweet Tooth, Joe
Frey. ' ' ¦ \- '¦'¦¦^•'.'.'i''-' :'¦:'.' v:.-.
Sixth race— Artllla. Essence, -Decoy. ;
Selections for To-Day.
bly when you send the spheroid off the
board, as it is unladylike." .
"Oh, fudge," petulently cried Nat Hew
son, "I have dislocated my shoulder try
ing to return the ball over the net. Never-.
¦ Sixth race— -One mile and flfty yards;. selling;
three-year-olds and upward. . . V -
8400 MorenfO .....' 93 3466 The Blnger....lO.T
3430 Cougar 1.105 3455 Tlng-a-Llng: ..102
3477 Essence ...... 98 3481 Frldolln ..... 92
•3448 Edlnborough .10$} 3292 Decoy ....101
3429 Lodestar .....109 3477 Gr'pd Sachem.103
(34S4)Artllla 107 3459 Sunello ...... 103
Fifth race— Seven furlongs, the Sacramento
handicap; three-year-olds and upward. -
(3454)Sweet Tooth.. 110 (3404)Old England.,120
3403 Sister Jeanie. . 90 3404 Joe Frey .....116
3464 Ha&erdon ....110
.'. Fourth race^ — One" and a sixteenth j miles;
selling; three-year-olds and upward. ..' ... t
(3481)Dr. Bernays..lOC (34G5)Redwald'l...'.iOO
(3477)L'y Meddles'e.104 3471 Jim Hale 102
3405 Picador....... 105 3481 Gawaine .....102
(3453) Herculean ...100 311C Rio Shannon.. 10»
3484 Quadra ....... 8Ct S338 Diderot 102
Leary, the club's expert* swimmer, has
gene into "Ping Pong" because it will de
velop his swimming stroke. "Kid" Veiller
objects to the game because it makes the
player cross-eyed watching the ball.
A FEW OF THE MANY, OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES WHO HAV.E
GIVEN UP OTHER SPORTS FOR THE VERY GENTLE INDOOR
PASTIME; CALLED "PING PONG." ; v i •':
rpk INGPONG 1 beats .tag all hollow."
1 )j said Garnet Ferguson at the '
j-^ Olympic Club yesterday. "Yes, .
il It is wildly exciting," replied i
Fred Butz, "but I fear it is in
jurious to the oblongata and -I'm afraid •
I'll have to give it up."
The game of VPlng Pong," or indoor,
tennis, has a firm hold on the Olympic ,
Club athletes.. Devotees of handball have j
found that game too strenuous and are
taking up the pastime with avidity. Al
Hampton, the champion ofthe coast, can
wield a; racket with grace and skill and,
Is willing to challenge the champion of
the world at the game. "Bill" Cartwright,"
better known as "eddicated," issued a
challenge to the champion. Cartwright
wants to play Hampton for money or
marbles on condition that he is allowed to
use a monkey-wrench. Judge Daniels
would rather play "Ping Pong." than 1 ap
point a Justices' clerk. ¦ Jack Gleason
thinks the game more exciting than golf
and Phil Wand Is gaining muscle wield
ing the racket.
Sammy Bereer sets himself -up as in
structor of the game. While teaching
Johnny Hammersmith the finer points
yesterday, he said: "Instead of using an
uppercut, you must handle .the. racket
in a gingerly manner. Do not swear audi-
Rosie Hoeckner, a woman who was will
ing to let her age go as 30 years, is tbe
complaining witness. According to her
Story she met Ladeur a few months ago
at her home in Sheboygan, WIs., whera
she made a living as a dressmaker. 1
Ladeur had come to town as one of th,8 '
features in a traveling circus and earned
the plaudits of his audiences by a clever
contortion and juggling act. It was a
case of love at first sight and Ladeur de
cided to sever his connection with the
show when he learned that the woman
was smitten and Incidentally that she had
a fat bank account ln Chicago. It was
all business with the acrobat, and after
a hard talk he had the country dress
maker draw $1500 from the bank and
place it in his charge. .
The pair came to this city last Decem
ber, but after a day or two he proposed to
leave his sweetheart for a while that he
might go to Chicago to get a trunk full
of circus tricks which he had forgotten.
Since his departure he has sent on money,
(sometimes as much -as $5 per letter, to
his love, and never once, he says, did ho
forget his promise of marriage.
He returned to this city last evening
and was arrested. When searched Ladeur
reluctantly delivered up nearly $l»0 in
bills.. After being placed behind the bars
the man said that his arrest was the re
sult of his sweetheart's attorney's desire
to get a case. "I am willing to marry
her," he said, "and give her what money
I have belonging to .her— that Is after -I
take out $500 for expenses incurred In
our trip to this city and which she agreed
to pay for.
"If Rosie is willing," he said, as the cell
door closed, behind him, "I will marry her
ln the morning, when I get out of jail, and
save her as much as I can ln attorney's
fees." ¦• ' ;
New Incorporations.
I.' H. Ackerman, C. W. Ayres, H. S.
Ackerznan, A. H. Ackerman and A. P.
Dessouslavy are the directors of the Or
tega Land and Development Company,
which was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $1,000,000.
.The Metropolitan Powder Comparfy was
incorporated yesterday with a capital
stock of $200,000, with the following direct
ors: C. F. Leege, S. D. Rosenbaum, A.
Haas, J. Levi Jr. and Ludwig Schwa
bacher.
Articles of incorporation of the Rich
mond Brick Company were also filed. The
company has a capital stock of. $100,000,
$300 of which being subscribed by the fol
lowing, who are directors of the corpora
tion: Jacob Stern, -Julian E. Cary, Sol
Wagenheim, A. Hochstein and E. A. Vln
ing. . * V -'
William ladeur, a middle-aged German,
was arrested last night and charged at
the Southern Station with seduction
under promise of marriage.
• Amateur Bouts. ¦
• On Friday ' evening next the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club will hold its regular
monthly contests. Eight • bouts will -be
presented. Manager Alec Greggains will
officiate in the ring-. Following Is the
card: .-, ..
¦ Henry Staeehatv, S. F. A. C, vs. George Kolb,
B. C. A. C, 105 pounds, four rounds; Al Mejla.
S. F. Ar C.;. vs.. Monte Attel, S. F.vA. C,
108 pounds, four -rounds; Ole Ansen, Brooklyn
A: C.,. vs. Joe Resran, 8. F. A. C, 115 pounds,
four rounds: Al Fickett, .S. F. A. C, vs. Jack
Cordeil. 8. F. A. C; 12S pounds, four rounds.;
George Eralatz, S. F.- A. C, va Caesar Attel,
S. F. A. S C, 130 pounds, tour rounds; "William.
McDonald; S: F. A.- C-, vs. Joe Carter. -S. P.
A. C, il35. pounds, four' rounds.
, The Yosemite • Athletic Club is making
an effort to reach Dave Sullivan by wire
in order to match him against Jimmy
Britt fojr next month. Britt is willing to
fight McGovern's latest opponent and is
willing to make the weight 132 pounds in
order to bind. the match. Jimmy, has
taken up light exercising- at the Olympic
Club to keep In trim. If Sullivan should
accept Britt's offer tickets will »be for
warded to him at once. If he comes West
he will in all probability ue accompanied
by Tom Sharkey, who is a stanch ad
mirer of Dave. In the event Sullivan does
not accept the Yosemite Club's offer,
Britt "will be asked to select- a man.
.Jimmy Lawler has agreed to post a for
feit and side /bet, 'but no club on this side
of the bay will 'Cdnsider* him in the run
ning, as he has never startled the natives
by his fighting.
Britt and Sullivan.
Jim Corbett has Instructed his brother
Harry to use hia endeavors to get on a
match for him. with Jeffries. Brother
Harry has an appointment with Billy De
laney, Jeffries' trainer, to-day and the
two will . talk over the proposed contest.
Harryi Corbett stated last night that Jim's
theatrical engagements would not permit
him to take on the champion until the
latter, part of August. Harry said if Jef
ries and i Jim make a match, his brother
will break his contracts and . come West
and get into condition. Corbett out
pointed Jeffries for twenty-three rounds,
two years ago and many Calif ornians
would like to see the famous boxer try
his skill against the present champion.
The bout between Corbett and Jeffries
would attract more attention ln this State
than a contest between Fitzsimmona and
the boilermaker.
Corbett and Jeffries.
Immediately after the exhibition last
Friday night Smith made Levy live up to
his promise. He compelled Levy to turn
over $500 to him and his associates and
they went off laughing at Manager Levy's
inexperience. It is now- stated on good
authority that the National Club is try
ing to get a "rake-off" from the Yosemite
Club, but Harry Corbett intends to block
the scheme.- .
The Board of Supervisors was yester
day enjoined from giving a permit to the
Yosemite Athletic Club to hold a contest
next month in this city. The writ was
made returnable Friday and the matter
will come up before Judge Seawell. Upon
receipt, of the service of the writ the Su
pervisors withheld the permit for April
j and left the matter to the joint Commit
tee on Judiciary and Police.
The National Club is headed by Mike
Smith, the, politician. The latter and a
few more of his kind have endeavored to
bfeak into the fighting . game, but have
been blocked by the Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors. The National
Club has applleu repeatedly during tne
last few months for permits to bring off
contests, but has not succeeded In Bet
ting them. Last month the Police Com
mittee recommended that this club be al
lowed to hold a fight in March. ¦ This
privilege .. was denied them, however.
When the matter came up before the
Board of Supervisors, sitting as a whole,
the permit was given to the Hayes Valley
Athletic Club. Mike Smith and his crowd
"raised a howl": and threatened all kinds
of proceedings against the more fortunate
club. In the end Smith and his associates
succeeded in scaring Morris Levy into a
promise that he would give them 10 per
•cent of the gross receipts on condition
that they give the Hayes Valley Club no
trouble. 1 , . > ¦
Morris Levy Is "Held Up" by
. That Organization
':-':'"/' for $500. .
She Says He Agreed to Wed"
Her and Then Ran Away
With Her Money.
National Club Prevents
Them Prom Issuing
Fight Permit.
SUPERVISORS
ARE ENJOINED
FIFTEEN YEARS
EACH FOR CRIME
OLYMPIC CLUB MEMBERS FORSAKE
OTHER ATHLETICS FOR "PING PONG"
Sentenced, c
Eugene Cereghiho • ; and
.: : C)harles Lowell Are ¦
Forfeits Bonds.
Mra Mary a Midwife,
i0^i Fails .to Appear and 7. i^L
Eugene Cereghino, alias Charles Cran
dall, and Charles Lowell, alias' William
Kelly, pleaded guilty in 'Judge Cook's
court yesterday to charges of burglary
and the District Attorney withdrew prior
convictions against The Judge sen
tenced each to fifteen years' imprison
ment, Cereghino in San . Quentin tind
Lowell in Folsom. They broke into the
residence of Julius Gall, 2131 Broadway,
on the night of December 31 while the
fumily was ¦ absent and stole about ?1300
worth of jewelry, which they took with
thenr; to Sacramento, where they were
arrested. Over a year ago. they were sent
to San Quentin on two charges of burg
lary enc.n, but were released on Decem
ber 2s last on a writ of habeas coipus
on the ground that the trial Jutlgrt had
eneo in making .the- two sentences run
concurrently. A week later they broke
into the Gall residence. -
Frank Sullivan, a sailor, pleaded guilty
in Judge Cook's court to a charge 01 rob
bery and will be sentenced to-day. He
was accused of stealing a gold pin and
15 cents from Emlle Naviue, a 'shipmate,
on January 3L
Mary Hdlman, a colored- woman,
charged with robbery for stealing $13 26
from John Strom on November 14, ap
peared for trial before a jury in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday. During the ex- ,
aminatlon of the first witness for the
prosecution she asked the court to be
relieved of Attorney- Gallagher, who was
defending her. The Judge said she had
made her request too late, and she
promptly said she -would -be willing to
plead guilty to grand Rirceny. The plea
was entered and she was ordered to ap
pear for sentence Saturday. *
The trial of Mrs. Mary- Da vies, a-mid
wife, on the charge of illegally adminis
tering-drugs; to-. beulah' N. Sigmund, ¦ a 1 ,
young, girl fronw Fresno, was to -have
taken place In 'Judge Lawlor.'s court yes
terday, but; Mrs. Davies failed to appear.
The Judge declared her bonds of- $2000
forfeited and ordered a ; bench warrant
Issued far her arrest.- The sureties are N.
VV. Kinsman and.F. B. Spaulding. Miss
Sigmund declared that she had been be
trayed by Gus Naher, who was married
to her sister, and that he brought her to
Mrs. Davies for treatment. •
ST AUTOBD WILL LOSE
HEAD COACH TBAEGER
Financial Difficulties Cause the Ath-
lete's Withdrawal From the
University. .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,! March 24.-.
AW L. Traeger, Stanford's crack football
tackle, recently elected captain and head
coach-for next year, has obtained an in
definite leave of absence from the uni
versity and in all- probability will not re
turn next year. His reason for going is
lack of money Traeger has been work
ing his way through -college and finds it
impossible to devote sufficient time to his
school work. The loss of Traeger means
the loss of Stanford's best man on the
gridiron and greatly lessens her chances
for a victory against Berkeley next year'
In addition to his athletic honors'.
Traeger is president of- the junior class.
,, u f; s , tuden t in the law department
and hails from Porterville, Cal. ..
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RAGING AT THE OAKLANDTRACK
HORSEMAN WANT
BETTER PAVING
Complain: AftoutjCondi
tioii.ofia-olaenXJate ¦ :
- I ¦' "'¦ v Aveiaiie. : -"- .
Pavement^Eulij of -Holes, En
dangering Both Horses .,.-. 'I.
and Drivera
A vigorous complaint is being made by
the majority of the horsemen of this city,
at the ' deplorable condition of Golden
Gate aver.ue 1 . Most of those who are loud
in complaints own their own horses and
buggies and they claim that the street is
in such a bad condition that it is not safe
to drive a horse even at a walk up the
avenue.
The bitumen pavement lifts in great
mounds In some places and in spots there
are large holes that endanger the springs
of even. a rubber- tired buggy when driven
at a slow trot. A petition Is being cir
culated and signed by many of the dri
vers, called the' attention of the Com
missioners of the Board of Pubiic Works
to the condition of the avenue. The worst
places on the avenue are in the block
running from Jones to Leavenworth.
Another comolalnt the drivers have Is
that Golden Gate avenue is ln a very un
clean condition and that in the history
of any administration of the . Board of
Public Works the avenue was never in
a filthier condition. This they claim is
all owing to the pavement not being
¦wept. often enough. At this time of the
year large numbers of tourists are in the
•city and one of the chief attractions is
a drive to Golden Gate Park and the
beach, via Golden Gate avenue. $Vith the
street in its present condition the Eastern
visitors will form a poor opinion of the
government of this city and it Is predicted
by horsemen that the moment that their
petition is presented It will have the de
eired effect. -.*¦"< ¦ y
Wants Her Husband Arrested.
Mrs. Sarah FInglesteln,.who until Janu-.
¦try 28 was Sarah Blacknian, daughter of
Morris B!ackman. junk dealer. 220 Lang
ton street, applied at the bond;and-war
rant clefk.'.s -office yesterday.for a warrant
for the arrest of her husband; Louis Fin
glestein, a, cobbler in Sacramento. . She
Eaid that Finglesteln had taken- her . to.
Reno, Nev., about Jtwo weeks ago and had
placed her in a house of ill repute, • She
intended getting a divorce from him, but
¦wanted him punished for his conduct She
<lld not get the warrant, as the offense
¦was committed" in another State.
"Will Abide by Decision.
At a special meeting of Carpenters' Un
ion 304 held" last night it was decided to
accept the decision of the general execu
tive board of the Carpenters and Joiners
of America in the present controversy be
tween" the district and the building Trades
Council and Carpenters' Union 4S3 of San
Francisco." - •- -.•..¦.•.
< i \v ILL KNAPP, the precocious 62-
'pounder/ 'furnished a genuine
sensation la the mile and a six
iX^JJ teenth handicap at Oakland yes-
terday. The smart little bit of
a man sat perched on the back of Frangi-,
ble, carrying 05 pounds, and the ring laid
¦25 to 1 against 'the lightweight Janice
from Green Morris'- stable carried equal
weights I with Position, < and so positive
were" the /majority ' of bettors that the
mare would win that they quickly
snapped up all the 3 to 5 laid about her.
Knapp got Frangible away _ first, and,
despite all of Lee Jackson's hard work in
a fruitless attempt -to get up with the
favorite, the long shot won by a length,
ridden out. Position took show honors
from Colonel Ballantyne.
Master ICnapp received a generous re
ception from the crowd, with whom he is
a big favorite, for his excellent ride.
With two exceptions the favorites fared
badly, and the 14 bookmakers gathered in
all of the loose coin floating about. The
card was above the, average, attracting a
large gathering of turfgoers.
Almost any one of the' 11 starters in the
opening 514-furlong spring seemingly pos
sessed some sort of. a chance. So open
did Ut look that Loving Cup, the favorite,
closed at 3. The winner turned up in Isa-
Hiie.an-8 to 1. shot, ridden by Troxler,
wfcie'h was never headed. El Pilar',' the
Burns & • Waterhouse entry, nosed out
Lief Prince for the place. The favorite
retired after displaying some early speed.
Troxler followed this' win up by land
ing Antolee first for the seven-furlong
selling affair following. I The mare had
her odds sliced down from 6 to 4, and, out
slaying the favorite Rubus ' through . the
stretch, scored by a length. Impromptu
opened favorite; afterward receding In the
betting, and failing to show any speed.
Arabo, the big chestnut, colt from
Walter Jennings' stable, took the half
mile dash: for 2-year-olds. He had the
footing. over his company and could have
beaten, Guida further had -Larry Daly not
been drawing the finish .tine. Delsegno
dropped in third.
The prices on everything -with- the ex
ception of Waterscratch were -marked up
in the speculating on the six and. a half
furlong selling number. The Watercress,
three-year-old caught all J:he smart play,
and with Hoar and ninety-eight pounds
on his back registered at the wire an easy
winner over Bragg, the. outsider of the
five starters. Dan Hanlon's old mare Sly
for a time showed the way, but could not
keep the lick up, running third. Duckoy.
although heavily backed, found the track
too hard, and Quiet was wretchedly
handled by I* Daly. • '
It looked as If Limelight had the "In
jun sign" on the starters in the conclud
ing event, and the Magrane horse went
into the starter's bands a favorite. ' He
picked up a tartar in Bob Smith's Mar
shal Neiu With Jackson up the latter
horse made all the running, and' at the
wire downed the first choice a couple of
lengths. The winner's odds were played
from 6 to 4. ..... ' •
Track Notes.
The popular New .York turfman L*. - V.
Bell was missed from the track yesterday,
having departed for the East in the morn
ing, -accompanied by Mrs. Bell.
Roscoe'. Troxler rode the first two win
ners of the day. > * •
Impromptu lacks speed, and it begins to
look a» If Trainer* Johnny Campbell will
be compelled to give the gelding another
rest.—;.-.- - : :¦¦-.. • ¦¦-¦ • .••••.' . '•.---¦
Valcncienne runs as if sore in all of her
races, and has undoubtedly seen her best
days.
Green Morris had a good. bet down on
Duckoy to win, but the track proved too
bard for. the gelding. . . ¦ ¦ ¦,..
Ransch on The FTetter might have
stood a chance of ¦ winning the handicap
had he not tried. to, get through on the
rail.' Colonel Ballantyne bore in all. the
way from the turn home, keeping Ransch
busy to prevent being put over the fence.
' L«e Jackson signed the contract binding
his services to Green Morris for the com
ing season-, at a salary of .$6003. - Owner
Morris purchased the lightweight's re
lease 1 from Zlegler, the Cincinnati • horse
man, who now holds second call on Lee
under the terms of the bargain. ' . ,.
Among, the big winners booking in the
ring,yesterday Jim Davis cleaned up $4000.
' fcearly" all " of the ¦ California*' 'harness
horsemen' will pay Denver a visit Uhla
year, where big money, is hung 1 up.
Following!' are the entries for this after
noon's events: ¦
First . race— Five furlongs ; Belling; . maiden
three-year-olds. IpfiBHSff
... : Kermlt . . . . . .114 2567 Hard Night. . .114
3473 Headstrong . . 114 3473 Geo. Whitney . 117
3473 Knocklngs . . .117 2691 Jen." Hughes..ll2
3371 Breton........ 122 2441 Frank Bain. ..114
. ..... St.- Wilda.....ll4 ..... Spooks ;..112
.... CaBSie W. . . . .112 3473" Flittlngr . . . . . .117'
olds 600 " 3 race ~ Four . furlon W; purse; two-year/
'^V4l?? ce ? :^-. ; • • : - 103 S 451 0°" Van. . J: .ion
(3ia9)Liz2le^Rlce...lO8 .... James F......108
aiio i OS , le . w heeler.l03 3444 Honlton 1 . . ... .103
3482 feylvla,Talbot.ll5l(3469)Alsono .......108
;oid?^dfu P^ !f^° nK8 ! se ;^-y«r- llnff: l
ilso b^T 1^- • ' • - li0 Captivate f\ ... 96
?: °^ Tar «"»-"-108 3472 Bernota ...../ 93
* 3130 De Capo. . : ;. .104 ¦ '.— -.- . • . . ¦ .-* >°~_
OAKLAND EACETRACK-Monday, March 24.-We^^£^fin^^Tj^d^fast ;^^
34S5. ¦ FIRST RACE— Five and. a half furlongs;. selling; 3-year-olda and up; to first; $325.
¦ j : ; ~ ; — ~" — j ;: • . - ¦¦• ¦ Betting. «
Index [Horse. Age. Weight. St. '14. %. Str. . Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. -. CL
; 3266 Isallne, 6 ;..lll 1 23 .12 1 1% 1 1 C. Llnd..! ..Troxler C 8
3478 Ltef Prince, 4. '...107 3 ;8h 21 2 y.-'2ns Wm. CahlU.... Hoar 4 9-2
3473 El Pllar, 3 100 7 «2;«2 4 h 3 1 Burns & Waterha.Rnach 6 12
8324 Ilowaho. 3 ..95 0 7 2 5 2-5141 W. H. Ketcheman.Jcksn 10 . 12
I 8478 Canderos. 5 113 4 ln 7-1 . Gl 6 1 Jennlnga & Co. .1* Daly 4 .5
8478 Loving Cup, a. ..108 2 On 3 % " 3 h . 6 2 O. W. Miller. J.Matthwe 6-2 3
3473 Valenclenne, a... Ill 5 42 4V4 i«-75 Qulnlan& Peck. . Foucon 3 8
3200 Newagatherer, a.. 109 11 11 0 1 8 1 ,8 b 1 C. P, Fink Conley 30 V30
2J»U7 Alas, 5 100 8 91 10 2 96 0 10 H. C. Ahlera. .... .Flick 20 12
3246 Claire White, 4.. 102 9 . 8 ft" 8 %'1O 1 10 2 O. W. Bcott. ..WlnBlette 60 100
3407 Lit. Mlnch Jr., C. 113 10 10 11 11 11 H. E. Rowell.. .Hoffman - 60 100
Time— K, :25; %, :50%; 5%f, 1:09. Good start. Won firSt three driving/ Winner, C.
Lind's b. m. by Clleveden-Rebecca. Winner possessed the speed. Kl Pllar showed Improve
ment. With more luck Ilowaho could have won. Canderos quit. Loving Cup has sus-
Pilclousunderplnnlng. ¦ Scratched— St. jllca_109, S 90. _ ' __^
3480. gECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; sell Ung;. three -year- olds and upward; to flrat. $325.
— . _— _ -_ . — - — — : Bett i n g.
: Index Horse. Ago. Weight. St. %..'%. 8tr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. ,^ CL
3462 Antolee.4 ....111)7 Cl 63 2% '11 D. A. Honlg. .. ..Troxler 6 4
(3470) Rubus. 3 ....t.104 5 01 B2 --I % *2 5-- Chlnn & Forsythe. Jkson '.2 2
3479 King Dellls, 5 113 14 1 3 h 4 h 3 4 .- C. Llnd. ;.. .J. Matthews 4 7
3440 Lady Sterling, 3. .102 8 2 1 2 1 6 1 4 % U V. Bell .Gannon 10 11
3402 Kitty Kelly, 5 110 2 1 n 1 % 3 h 5 1 W. L. Stanfleld . . Foucon 8 20
3453 Impromtu, 4 114 4 73 7 n 6 6 6 10 Montana Stable.. Ranach 0-5. 2
3452 Evea G, 3 04 8 8 8 75 -7 10 J Coftey ....'...Hall 10 60
3476 Mlld'd Schultz. 3. 03 6 3 h 4 1 8 8 H. L Wilson...;. ..Hoar 10 50
Time— M. :24; %, :49; %', 1:14»4; %. 1:27^. Good start. . Won first . three driving. Win
ner, D. A.^ Honlg's b. m. by Lettoon-Anvoiee. 'Winner probably best. Jackson on Rubus
compelled to bo the overland. Lady Sterling- gave I It up at head of stretch. • Too much
weight on Kitty Kelly. . Impromptu has gone back. Evea G very sore. Mildred Schultz
outfooted. Scratched— Dorian .113, Rey Dare 111, The Singer 110, Ulloa 108. < •
3487. THIRD RACE-^Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; to first, $325. . -
r— ; ¦ - — _ _ -^ — _—___.
Index Horse and Weight. St. . -.%.' %. : Str. ,Fln. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. .
3451 Arabo ...110 3 ... 2 2 1 % In W. B. Jennings. .L. Daly 7-10 3-5
3474 Gulda 103 2 ... In: 2 1ft 2 3 A. . B. Spreckels. Jackson 6 10
3469 Delsegno '..100 1. ... 6 1 6 3 3 1- Chlnn & Forsy the. Fntlry 6 • 13
3469 Donami ;..110 5;'... 3h -4h 4 1 < Montana Stable.. Troxler -8 10
34(>l J. H.Bennett.... 1WJ 7 ... 5 2 5 1' 5 4 . L. A. Blastngame . . Hoar - 8 20
3450 Altawan .........103 4 ... 4 1 3 h 0 4 Burns & Waterhs.Rnsoh 4-9
3474 Clarlnette ...... .103 6 ... 7 7 7 H.J.Jones. Stuart 30 ,.50
Tlme^ — i/i. :25; %, :40%. Good' start. .. Won easily. ' Second and third driving. Winner, W.
: B. Jennings' ch. c. by Nomad-Charm. - Arabo best, although Daly came . near drawing
the finish too nne. .-• Doraml' can do. better. Altawan. tired. . Scratched — Dotterel 103, Or- -
: gandielO4 The • Phantom 98, • Escarola 100, Fire Dance 102." ,
3488. ¦ FOURTH RACE— Slx'anda half furlongs; spiling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.^ ;
Index^ Horse. Age. Weight. St. '%.%• Str. Fin.' I Owner and Jockey. Op? ¦'ci.
34.T"5 Waterscratch, 3.. OS 3 3 1 2 1 1 1^,1 2 G. Summers & Co. .Hoar * 6-5 9-5
34<» Braes. 3 100 2 2 h 4 4 4 :; 2 1 Curl & Co. . ; . . . .Ransch K; 6 12
348T Sly. a ....110 1 12 . 12 21 38. D. M. Hanlon. . . .Conley 6 1 5
(.1472) Quiet, 3.... 98 4 5 5 3 h "4 8 Jennings- &- Co.. L. Daly -' 6 21-5^
(8470)|Duckoy. 5. 106 5 4 2 315 5 G. B. .... Jackson 8-6 5-2
TI ™f-%. :23V4: %- :4 8: %, 1:1394: GM. .1:21. Go6d start/ Won easily.- Second and third
- drlvlns-. t Wlnner..G. Summers & Co.' s ch. g. by Watercress-Helen; Scratch. : k Winner prob
ably best. Sly quit. - Quiet away poorly, cut off soon after start and generally poorly
-*!* j 6 "'^ J^T^. C - }°° hard for Duckoy. ¦ ¦•¦•'. . . .;. .
3489. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-10 miles; East Oakland hdep. ; 3-year-olds and up; to" first,^$400.
Index Horne, Age. Welght.lSt. .\j., ft. Str. ; Tin. i Owner and Jockey. - Op!" "ci.
8447 Frangible, 5 95 112 12 In 1 1 F A Boas '- Khann To 5".
(3.19H) Janice, i. 112 3- 41 2n .1 14 2 h G. B. Morris" " ' "JacS 3-5 1-2
3447 Poeitlon. C 112 5 5 4n 2n 34 D B Founuii" S? 0 ' B
3447 Col Ballantyne. 4.104 2 2 1% 32 4 h . >4 % James WUson" "u Dafy ' 8 50
3403 TheFretter. C.;..108J 4v 3 % 5 , 5 . 5 ¦*• F. J. gfelltol! 45
VR^^^'A^i i 49: '$'• :1 o %: . m1^' l'*l?4:M-lCm, 1:48.: Good start Won first
three driving. 'Winner, F.:D. Boas'- ch. g. by Fonso- Miss,, Nannie. Frangible likely best
at the weights and Judiciously ridden. Position will be hard to beat next time Colonel
849O. SIXTH RACK— One mile and fifty yardst'selllng; 3-year-olds and up; to first.- $325.
Index Horge;, Age. Welght.jst.^ • %. ft. Etr. -Fin. 1 Owner and Jockty. '••. Op. tU *$\.' r
3472 iMarsh&l.Neil, 4. .105 3 1 1 1 2 1 2-12 R. A. Smith JacTtson *"~~B ~^i
8477 Limelight, 6 106 4 2n-2% 2(1 210 W. P M?granV 'S? 3 11-5
3477 El Mido. 6..... ..10C 1 3 1 5 1V6 3 h 3 2 %' J.S.* Campbell^ Ransch 3 4
3455 Morengo, 6 ..108 7.83 6 h 4 % .4 5 '* E. M. ' Conley 6 20
3471 QalanthUB. 4.....102 2 4 1 ..4n' 5 1 ; B H J. Coffey - pauntlerov : ' 7 ¦ ' 10
3455 Light BallV 4.....105 6 71 7 5 - 6 2-6 1 A HVlvell' 1 " Stuart - 10 Veil!
3477 Hunsarlan.-C 109,5 514. 3:1 7. 4 7 5 G." wi MnfePj ; Matt^w1 ' 10 J 20
33S0 lyiuwelsea. 3.:... 08 8' '8 .12* 8 10 8 10 8 10 o^ W. ; Baldwin^ DaTv ' 8 10
(3475)|Lento,^3.........;lC0 9. 9 9 9/9 NelK& g"^ . fl / In .
Time— H. :24%: %.' :49%; ' %.%1 :15ft; mile, 1:42^ rim 50yds, 1-45W , Good start : • w«n
handily. Second and third driving. , Winner, t£.A. Smith's eh h *by Tammaify^Ayshlre
Rose. Winner outfooted Limelight: El Mldo cut off by Galanthus on Tback^rtr^h T I if
ter.also cut off Hungarian, at head of • stretch. =; Lento almost left Morenw Will ' teaf
. watching. - Scratched— Malaise 104. Kickumbob 100, Fre* Lance 109 " *r OTens9 yrl11 bear
theless,; I'll keep at It.because It is much
more exciting than handball." J,
The game has taken such a strong hold
on; the clubmen: that . Captain - George
• James is considering the idea . of holding
. &*; tournament." He believes it would at
tract a great "deal ofattention in athletic
circles.. ."/Wild Bill" Hanrahan was be
coming expert in the game, but gave it
up as It mussed his hair. Judge Fritz
took up the game because it took : his
judicial mind off police court affairs. Scott
GAY CIRCUS MAN
IN PRISON CELL
William Ladeur Play3
False With Rosie
Hoeckner.
THE SAX FB 'AN CISCO GALL, T UJSSD AY,' MMCH . 25', 1902.
4
! Ai>vERTisiaraarrs.
!Piii»ifv
1 Ul 1 ¦ ?1 jr.*y 1
¦ I {AH that hands can do, or money
A buy, or age refine, lies in the < •
ll ra Hunter f ¦
v tel Baltimore ?
T- ' " ¦" 'jHapW^ ¦ ..-¦¦ . '. .,* j
1 *-«£ U fa highest
T I standard of T
? The American
T EHhf j^c l^M en^ eman * s * '
T |r^fS«!fewiy^ II te P artJcularl 7 T
v Efci'ti r^ci Tiflno recornmen(^c : i to •>
t ' pra^rt^ffiJl^Bfl women because |
i f^'^ nraH&! oi tts ags an<^ ex * Y
y H^; r V:"* J : '. K H cellence. A
V CHRISTY & WISH CX33t3OSSI09 CO.. Ino- I
I 333dt 225 California St., San Fr*nctsoo,C»il£. 1 •
•> . . ; ¦ Telephone Main «£ -^
«!>*^*^ 1 0 C* C 1 V
n-w*/13?t MlW^ Aldtn ElectrJo
oeit (witn »W^Jt- • « • P • naory) Ja
guaranteed -7V=?fv to poasesa all th«
curauye propertij, o fthe «xD«n«iv« belts
now sold by doctors and druggists. It gives
¦ very ..strong current of electricity and la
**•"*• "KUlated. Bound to su parsed*
others. Can be bad from the undersigned
only; NO AGENTS; NO DISCOUNT. Clr-
«»*" *«*• Ca 'l or address PIERCE EliEC-
TRIC CO. 200 Post at. San Francisco, or
1143 Broadway. New York.
n»»tr. for Gonorrhoea,
Afisy CURES yS Whites, nnnatartl dial
MBSbj In 1 v» S diyfc f] chorze*, or any laflamma.-
¦cCy Oa»rMtt«s t» M tion, irritation or ulcera-
fcj rrerrot toatagtoa. tion of ranooaf mom-
JSKSk. «• ¦• br e*P"»^ prepaid, for
VHUm^ffi • 100 ' or 3 bottlea, |3.73.
a Circular wnt en rtqueat.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAUUKA BITTER9. TBS
Great Mexican Remedy; elves health and
itrennth to sexual orxaoa. Depot. $3 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIQ'IROS.
J. C WIT SON & Cl o6 ° B*«ery Stjr«et.
J» \f WILJVfl tt vJ" Telephone Mala 18M»
' FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RflYFSSCfl Shipping Butchers. 10»
JAJ» DU1CJ tt WU clay. TeL Main 13SM.
¦ ' -, '¦,.: * ¦-. OILS. ¦ •-¦- rf ..
LUBRICATIXO OILS. ' LEONARD A ELLI3,
41S Front st...-S. P. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTLNQ.
F C HUfiHFS PRINTER.
£•>• 11UUUC3. all Saasome st.. «. r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. / »•¦ .. - : :i--i*
23 First itreat, 8*a rraaoUco.
DR. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
| ? ;^C*^*^fl secret of health and 1
BISSwSH S oes with health ia r
efflff l»j§ nutrition. When the]
ESzM vM £to:nac^ a . n( * ct her or-;
' rUm '¦ iS S&ns ol digestion and'
\ -'Sl|g| Kg] nutrition are 'diseased!
BcsSa &S there is loss cf mitri-
HHl PI ' erce ' s GoWen;
nfin flsfl or S alls » which prevent.
•f two years, and was a coni-
plete physical -wreck,"
Writes Mr.€*restoii E. Fenstermacher, of Egypt,'
tehirfi Co., Pa. "I also suffered much with con- 1
ttipatioa. I^tried taany different medicines
which were recommended to cure the trouble
but these only made me worse. I had such a*
weak and debilitated appearance that it seemed
as if I bad hardly any blood in my whole body.!
At last I came across an advertisement of Dr. 1
Piercc's. I at once tried Dr. Pierce's Golden,
Medical Discovery and 'Pleasant Pellets.' I |
nsed ebont eight vials of the ' Pellets ' and ten'
bottles of the 'Discovery' which brought me '
tack to my former state of health." i j
i* . Dr. Pierce's Pellets cures constipation,' !
Superior to Aplol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or SteeL
Sure Relief cf Pain and Irregulari-
| ties Peculiar to the Sex. *),
AploKne Capsules for three months cost $L
Drnggist or P. O. Box 2081, New York.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
kUSEUB OF AHATOHYl
\ l^F _ The L"r jest Anatomical Muvt um in the \
9 *£?$?*. Z 01 '" 1 - Me » k »«iet or Any contrictrd A
Z. kS^ * ¦«»¦* P*«»«'«-'y«r«lbytIi e o)ce i tf;
O /SfcSI ' -o»l»sj on U»c Coast. EsL i6 ytirs. Q
5 I Jg£ » DR. JCRDAH-DISEASES CF MEN A
\ I^Uh Consultatioa free and" stiktly rmite. \
f k J&vCfl Tr «' IBtn ' prsonslly r.r by Icttrr. A A
\ X W Tl n "" ttw C^^'Bererycaemxlrrttkeli. \
6 P II- lift Write for Book. C*IIILO«tfl>HY«f A
V • n\ II* HiHBMCll!, UKtlXO FREE.I ( A ¥
i\ '/|.' /J. nimble book for mm) ' \
\ V *»H. JOBDAS A CO..' 1051 MnrkPt StX'S. F. r
Dfi. HiLL'S BHKYIG0RAT0RP?nW9
etor>« all losses ln hours. Five k5a!™&?9
hundred reward Xor any case we 39 [Stf\
cannot cure. This secret remedy fc§
cures ' En;l«fcions, Impotency. T9 WlgH
¦\ arlcoeele, Goncrrhota, Gleet. K5^«
Stricture*. Drains, L«ost Man- , lyi ' kjWIJ
hood and fill ether wai-ting; ef- ' 1ff£? f?^2
lerts nelf-abuse or excesses. -H- ~T^5J'^»
Bent eealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; ruaraot^d
to cure any cafe. Call or address order*
MALL'S MEDICAL. INSTITUTE. *53 Broa™
jay. Oakland, Cal. Aleo for sale at 1073?4
Mg-rltet ft.. S. F. Bend for free book. ™
Oirr nnifll Corner Fourth, and
~* •*"¦"- — Valise* "checked *«•''
¦<? , We intend to ? keep ' telling you atiout our $i .30
\ hats until we get you to try one.' When you buy . -.¦•'^¦Y
one,', we know. what your verdict will be. You will wear -* < v
A no'other hat for.business wear. -It will outwear any other ¦ ¦ ''
} : $2 hat you ' ever hadr "To forcibly impress you * with its
V;; value, .we, sayr If.the hat , does not wear to your entire
v. satisfaction, .bring'it back and get another, one free.
V •¦ 4 The .shapes* : are 'Derbys, Fedoras." Graecos, Dunlap Crushers, Al-
•v pines, Pan- Americans and Pantouris in the "following colors-
¦/ black, cedar, pearl- .blue pearl,.oxford and steel.
; i. We sell men's and boys' golf caps for 10c apiece.
Oui'pf-iown orders filled— write usV
. 718 Market StreetBAD BOY CAUSES THE
DEATH OP A CHINAMAN
William McCarthy, 16 years of age. was
held to answer before the Superior Court
Tjy Judge Mogan yesterday on the charge
of burglary. He broke into the Elntracht
Hall and stole a number of costumes. Ha
is an incorrigible boy , and, had .been sent
on three different occasions to the Boys';
and Girls' Aid Society.
Held for Burglary.
Mrs. May von Miller Brings a Suit
for Divorce Against Herman
. , P. von Miller.
May von Miller is suing Herman P. von
Miller for divorce on the ground of cruel
ty. She alleges that ever since her mar
riage, In November, 1SS3, Miller has treat
ed her In a cruel and inhuman manner.
They reside at 2802 Greenwich street.
May Carroll, who was married to How
ard Carroll just a year ago, brought suit
for divorce yesterday. She alleges that
her husband fails to provide for her. Julia
- Calln is suing John Calln for divorce for
cruelty, and Grace E. Clifford is suing
Peter Clifford for divorce on the ground
of desertion.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Em
ma Keller from Denney Keller for neglect
and to Gertrude Smith from Ellis Smith
for desertion.
SAYS HUSBAND TREATED
HER CRUELLY FOR YEARS.
.Some weeks ago the Monrovia Messenger
started the false. report that the reason why
Spnator Currier opposed the re-election of Gaff?
as Governor was because "the Governor ' could
Pomona Times:
The night following his address in Stockton
William E. Smythe president of the State Con.
Ktructive League, delivered a lecture in Sacra
mento. In the course of his address Mr.
fcmythe made ! a sharp attack on Governor
Gage. (Th«? Governor's veto of the bill ap
propriatlnK $100,000 for the investigation of
facts relating to the construction ot water
etorage reservoirs and the further developmtnt
of irrigation was denominated as calamitous
to the State. The speaker ridiculed the Gov
ernor's pretensions to economy, and eald that
while the Governor had vetoed the bill osten
sibly on the score of economy and claimed to
have saved the State $100,000, in reality the
commonwealth had lost $20,000,000 in ths po
tential value of flood waters which could have
been stored. In concluding his arraignment of
the Governor Mr. Smythe said: "Here in this
city of the capitol I denounce the veto of that
bill- as a cruel affront to the noblest aspira
tions cf California, and as a blow aimed at
the heart of her.future gTeatness and power."
Stockton Record:
The Republican party In this State must
thwart the plans of Gage and his upollsmcn
for his renomination or suffer the consequences.
Governor Gage continues to do "push" pol
itics at thn old stand, hi* lateet offense against
good government being the appointment of
"Johnny" Mackenzie, the San Jose boe», to
be Harbor Commissioner. Mackenzie studied
"practical politics" under "Jim" nea, and
proved so »pt a pupil that he outstripped and
depo»ed»hls preceptor. He was a direct party,
too, as trustee, to the recent removal of the
expert and devoted superintendent of the Home
for the\Fe«ble-Minaed. placing these pitiful
charges of the State at the mercy of a pot
house politician and satellites of his ilk, an in.
famy without precedent. For the appointment
as Harbor Commissioner Mackenzie will be ex
pected, of course, to deliver to Gage the Santa
Clara. County delegation to the State Conven
tion, a delegation as notoriously "programme"
as the common herd of the delegations from
boss»rld(Jen Ean Francisco In the days of Buck
ley's greatest power. I In tho- appointment of
Mackenzie, as In the Home of the* Feeble-
Minded infamy. Gage defies the sentiment of
the masees of the Republican party and of the
maj&es of the people of the State, menacing
the entire. Republican ticket next fall should
his "by hook or by crook" methods secure h!s
renomination. .
Modesto Herald:
Oroville Mercury:
Governor Gave ought to be finding- out how
unpopular he is. The press of the State seems
to be devoting Itself to en effort to convince
hla Excellency that hit services as Governor
nre no longer required. The Call and Chronicle
of San Francisco are leading In the campaign
and have their biggest batteries in action,
while the rural pre«s Is also pouring hot phot
Into th« Gage camp. Kven the Oroville Reg
ister, the leading; Republican paper of Butte,
has fired a shot with Its smooth-bore and Is
in the field ai anti-Gage.
May the good work go on. We've bad enough
of Gace.
Wants to Know Who Pays Rent.
A special session of the Board of Edu
cation was held last night to consider the
financial needs of the department, Tho
congested condition of the schools was
considered, but no definite results were
reached. Some discuffslon was brought
about when the rent delinquency of Max
Popper In regard to the Po«t street'Ham
mam baths, on Post street, between Grant
avenue and Dupont street, was consid
ered. Secretary Hansen was ordered to
collate the resolutions of previous
boards, and the matter will then be sub
mitted to the City and County Attorney.
Colonel D. M.. Burns, In a recent interview,
while confessing an estrangement between him
self and Crlmmlns, on account of a quarrel over
the spoils, Insisted that he was still as close as
ever to Herrin. These little personal facts are
regarded as news, worth paying telegraph tolls
on. Why? Who is W. F. Herrin? He is a
pleasant and intelligent gentleman, • who Is
hired by the Southern Faclflp to do politics for
the railroad. In his personal capacity he is
nothing, represents nothing, aspires to nothing.
He is the living embodiment of the Southern
Pacific in politics and makes no pretense, and
asks no pretense, that he stands for anything
else. Now the Southern Pacific Is a most use
ful railroad corporation, which has rendered
vast business service to California, at much in
cidental profit to Itself. As such it Is entitled
to receive, and does receive, all due business
and public consideration. But the Southern
Pacific Is not a citizen of California and has no
business in the politics of California. A citizen
may engage in politics for good or for evil, but
the Intrusion of a corporation into politics for
any purpose whatever -^ is an unmixed public
evil, and quite the most pronounced political
evil of our day. What shall we think, then, of
the political leader who frankly avows partner
ship with this political Influence? Wtyit shall
we think of any candidate for office who at
taches himself to that leader's fortunes and
suffers his control? Just what we think of the
power behind the throne that they all Indirectly
represent. The Issue is drawn, fortunately,
with entire distinctness In California. There is
no compromising it or mistaking* It. The trail
of the boss is plain. Beware of those that fol
low therein.
Fresno Republican:
Monterey Democrat:
I Governor H. . T. Gape hat capped the cli
max of political Infamy by the appointment
of Boss Mackenzie of San Jose to the responsi
ble position of Harbor Commissioner at San
Francisco. Needless to say, the appointee is
lacking in every qualification of intellect, ex
perience or honor to fit him for this responsi
ble position. Under such conditions his selec-
The announcement of Gage's candidacy was
anticipated. He was industriously making po
litical capital when he meddled in the bubonic
plague scare -in- San Francisco »nd • devoted the
major portion of his message to the Legislature
on that subject. He was also energetically do
ing politics when he injected himself in the
etrike In San Francisco and then posed before
the laboring men's convention as the man who
above all others in the State was Instrumental
In bringing that conflict to an end. But more
will be heard from him and concerning him.
Fresno "Democrat:
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock reported to Judge Morrow yesterday
that the -profits for the production of
"The Geisha" at the Tlvoll In June and
July,- 1900, were $590 67.* The report was
made in the case of Joseph F. Daly vs.
Ernestine Kreling for damages for viola
tion of copyright on the opera.
Fronts of the Geisha.
From this time forward the flaps o; tha ring's
I riiiticol wallet will not be tied, and evejy dol
lar will be made to go as f&r as possible In tho
effort to keep the machine in power.
After buying the Post, Walter F." X. Parker
keeper of the exchequer of the machine, made
his way down the coast, stopping at various
towns along the way and purchasing such edi
torial support as was .for sale. At some placts
papers were bought outright and new men
placed on the tripod to do the shouting. for the
ring. In Los Angeles, in their efforts to con
trovert the effects of the organization ot a
Spanish-American Flint club, the support was
obtained of El Monitor, the local Mexican
sheet, which appeared yesterday with an edi
torial favoring the renomination of Gage. Sen
ator Flint, however, has many warm friends
among the Mexicans, and the defection of El
Monitor from his cause is the source of no un
ca*)ress on the part of the anti-machine forcp«
Another paper that has been purchased ».y
the Gage gang Is the Pomona Review, formerly
a Democratic sheet. The price paid for tiu na
per, It Is said, was $1800. It will be trans
formed at once into a Gage organ, E. E. Swan
ton of North Ontario having been engaurd an
editor. This will be the only Gage paper In
Pomona, the two dailies, the Progress ani th»
Times, being bitterly opposed to the Governor*!*
renomination.
Antagonized by the principal newspapers of
the State, the ring has found it necessary to
buy organs of its own, or to subsidize those
that were for sale. The San Francisco Post
was the first to be purchased outright by the
Gage managers, and with its uncertain circula
tion and nugatory. Influence was transferred
from Its former owners, the Southern Pacific, to
the Dan Burns machine.
Los Angeles Times:
The purse strings have been loosened by the
managers of the Gage campaign, and into every
part of the State the golden 6tream Is flowing
from the bubonic plague appropriation, from
the coffers of the railroad and from the funds
that have been gathered In by the devious
workings of the machine. Money Is what talks
now. and Its" subtle Influence is expected to ex
pand until the coming of the State Convention. '
Of course there has been no cessation in the
dealing out of plums when ripe, as witness the
appointment of Boss "Johnnie" Mackenzie of
San Jose to the position of Harbor Commis
sioner at a salary of $4000 per year, but there
is little of this kind of fruit to distribute at
present, and it is money only that can make
itself heard.
Again the clean Republican* of California
find themselves pitted .against Dan Burns and
Governor Gage, Just as they were in the Sena
torial contest. The success of ' Gage would
mean four years more of Burns in the admin
istration of the political affairs of the State.
The only way the people can rout Burns again
Is to rfflly around the standard of some one
who represents cleaner politics and better.citi
zenship. . ; •.•..•.. it/*'
Poicona Progress:
Palo Alto Times:
Governor Gasre evidently realizes that he is
liable to have Santa Clara County opposed to
him for renomination. and he has been trying
to square affairs and bold the different factions
In line. On Saturday he appointed John D.
Mackenzie Harbor Commissioner, and to make
things right with the Rea element appointed
James W. Rea & Director of State Agricultural
District No. S (SantP- Clara and San Mateo
counties). F. W. Covey of Palo Alto was
also made a - director of the game district. It
is doubtful whether this recognition of the
Rea faction will give the county to Mr. Gage,
as there ts strong opposition to giving him
another term as Governor.
Frank D. Ogllvle, the former soldier,
who got blank orders for goods for the
California Hotel and forged the signature
of J. W. Wrenri, the chief clerk, to them,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday,
on two charges of forgery. The warrants
were sworn to in Judge Conlan's court by
E. W. Duffy for M. A. Gunst & Co. and
by the Rosenthal Shoe Company.
Booked for Forgery.
Santa Clara Journal:
John D. Mackenzie has been appointed Har
bor Commissioner by Governor Gage. Macken
zie is known as the petty political boss of Santa
Clara County. If he has ever done a service
to this State that warrants Governor Gage ap
pointing him to that important position there
are very few people in Santa Clara County that
know of the fact. We do not believe ihat lhe
appointment will help the re-election of Gov
ernor Gage next fall. There is much bitter op
position to such an appointment.
Santa Ana Herald:
The Republican party of California should
not be forced to go into the coming State cam
paign with an irreconcilable split in its ranks
merely to satisfy the cravings of the machine
politicians. There is no reason why the party
should not be eminently successful at the pells
next November, with a • candidate who wouM
unite rather than divide its strength.
Governor Gage's new appointment as a mem
ber of the Harbor Commission, John D. Mac
kenzie, represents, about- everything which Is
nefarious and corrupt In politics. MacKenzle
has been greedy -for office, and has generally
had some appointive office from the State, and
¦was generally sorry that he could not hold
Several offices at once.
Governor Gage has at last Intimated that
he will be a : candidate for re-election if the
people desire it, and says that what is satis
factory to the people will pleare him. He also
alludes to a supposed popular demand for his
re-election; Possibly somebody has misinform
ed the Governor, for there certainly Is not
much clamor among the people in his behalf.
No doubt he bases his opinion upon the ex
pressions of the political machine manager?.
Grass Valley Union:
Visalia Daily Times: /
A few weeks ago Governor Gage appointed
one of the old-time railroad bosses Bank Com
missioner to succeed John Markley, and on
Saturday last John D. Mackenzie, a Santa
Clara County boss, was made Harbor Com
missioner. In order to show his complete con
tempt for the people, he then appointed James
W. Rea, another boss, a Director of Agrlcul-_
tural District No. 5. The decent Republicans
of Santa Clara County are in rebellion against
the domination of Rea and Mackenzie, and this
recognition of those bosses by the Governor
shows that he proposes to rely entirely upon
the machine for his nomination. If Burns
and Herrln succeed in renominating Gage,
there should be no difficulty in defeating him
la November.
SAN FRANCISCO ELKS TO
ENXABGE THEIR QUARTERS
Thousands of Dollars Will Be Spent
in Refitting and Furnishing:
Apartments.
For many months Ban Francisco Lodge
cf the Benevolent and Protective Order cf
Elks looked for a suitable place In which
to locate, as the quarters In which It
met were inadquate to the fast growing
membership. Several offers were made,
but none seemed to meet th requirements,
but recently the firm of Pasquale & Sons,
which occupies a. portion of the building
en the southeast corner of Sutter street
i.nd Grant avenue, where the Elks meet,
decided to move, so San Francisco Lodge
decided to take that space. This will
give the lodge the entire upper floor of
the building. It is proposed to fit up. In
addition to the lodge room, a billiard
loom. leading room, assembly hall and
ladies' parlor. In the alterations and fur
nishings more than six thousand dollars
will be expended. An architect is now
preparing; plans which will be submitted
lor approval at a meeting in April.
On the night of the 28th lnst. the lodge
Trill elect its officers for the ensuing term.
The annual banquet for Elks only will be
given in GoliJen Gate Hall on the follow
ing night.
Connors Is Acquitted.
The case of Timothy Connors, charged
with felony embezzlement, was dismissed
toy Ju^je Cabaniss yesterday. He was ac
cused "of embezzling the funds of the Hod
carriers' Union, of which he was secre
tary-treasurer. It was shown that no
formal demand had been made upon him
for the return of the money, which was
essential, and the case was dismissed.
Napa Daily Register:
John D. Mackenzie has been appointed by
Governor Gago to the office of Harbor Com
missioner in San Francisco, vice Rudolph Her
rold. resigned. According to newspaper knowl
edge, San Jose has two political bosses — Mac
kenzie and Rea — one on each end of the po
litical teeter. Between Mackenzie and Colonel
Burn* and Attorney Ilerrln (head of "the ma
chine" in San Francisco), a strong bond of
union Is said to exist, and on the recommenda
tion of these gentlemen the appointment was
probably made.
The only justification the Governor gives for
this and similar appointments is the strange
assertion that the people believe in boss rule
and favor the control of politics by corporation
hirelings, and that the only opposition to this
course Is actuated " by the personal prejudice
of the proprietors of the morning newspapers
of the. State. There may come a chance, at
some primary elections before long, to show
the Governor that the people as well as ths
newspapers have a few prejudices in favor of
decent politics.
The appointment Saturday by Governor Gage
of John D. Mackenzie of San Jose as Harbor
Commissioner Is a particularly defiant refusal
on the part of the Governor to be guided by
public sentiment or a decent regard for the
public Interest. San Jose has been the worst
boss-ridden of the Interior cities. John D. Mac
kenzie, as accredited boss of that city, • has
stood for everything that demoralizes. and cor
rupts municipal, local and State politics. His
record in San Jose is so notorious that no man
in California can be Ignorant of it, least of all
the Governor of the State. As a member of
Governor Gage's administration he has ah-eacly
been the willing' tool of perhaps 1 the most. l»a
grant abuse of patronage that has character
ized that administration, for it was by his ap
pointment as one of the Trustees of the School
for the Feeble Minded that the removul of an
experienced and expert superintendent, 'to
make room for an Incompetent political hench
man, was brought about. Having thus shown
what he will do in an office which has patron
age but no salary, : he is now given an oppor
tunity to show what he can do in an ! office
that has both patronage and salary. The pa
tronage of the San Francisco water front has
been a notorious means of political corruption..
To put it Into the hands of a professional po-'
lltlcal corruptionlst is to invite and expect^it
to be used in this way.
Fresno Republican:
• ¦ ¦ j
tion is a direct insult to every reputable resi
dent of California.
Senator Currier's opposition to Gage is based
on causes". which should induce every good citi
zen of the State to oppose him. '
So this story as to Senator Currier Is al
most without truth In any way and without
tho semblance of truth so far as his, opposition
to Gage goes. It Is easy to understand ¦¦¦ why
many' small, disreputable politicians will create
and publish euch a baseless story, but It Is not
easy to understand how reputable papers like
the Riverside Press and Pasadena Star would
do it. Then think of Dan Hums being the
purveyor of State patronage — the great "I am"
that Bays who shall and who «ihall not be per
mitted to earn the State's irioney. •
'Now for the sequel: The petitioner was told
by the Governor, or some one for him, that
Dart ¦ Burns • in San Francisco had • the giving
out of such employment. . He went , to San
Francisco and found a long line, of applicants
taking their turn for an audience with, the
great Burns for State employment, and after
he- did see the great man, this dispenser of State
patronage, he was told that the matter would be
attended to later at Sacramento/but he didn't
get work at the capitol grounds nor anywhere
elso for the State at that time, if ever.
I A couple of years ago. more or less, v a
nephew of Senator Currier by marriage.' and
whom he had never before seen, circulated a
petition at Sacramento containing a request
that^he.be given employment on the capitol
grounds, not a very "responsible position' 1 nor
•'ina.State Institution." - . ' ..-¦¦¦
Such reputable papers as . the Pasadena Star
and Riverside Press have republlshed this
petty, untruthful Btory. The Gage papers
ought to be very careful about aspersing ¦ the
character of honorable men. As to the above
story, it probably originated in this fact.:-. ' ¦'
not appoint one of Currier's near relatives to a
responsible position in a State institution."
Judge Cabaniss, in giving his Instruc
tions to the Jurors, paid particular atten
tion to Partridge's contention that the
slaughter of this particular elk was not a
violation of the law. He stated that the
point was new to him. but that in the
little time he had had for consideration
he had arrived at the conclusion that the
killing of the elk was contrary to law.
Considering the fact that Kohn con
fessed that he had had the carcass of the
tt&A elk in his keeping, the findings of
'he jury could scarcely have been other
wise. In arguing for the defense. Attor
ney Partridge brought up a very unique
point of law. He contended that the slain
antlered monarch of the park had been
born in captivity and therefore th«
slaughter could not be termed a violation
cf the State game laws, which are in
tended only to protect the wild game of
the forest. He claimed that part owner
ship in the progenitors of the dead elk
became absolute ownership in the off
spring. He argued that this elk had
vicious propensities, that it was continu
ally wandering about the paddock, iike
an untamed beast of prey, looking for In
nocent creatures to devour.
A Ju-y cf twelve good and true men,
after <iue deliberation, brought in a ver
dict yesterday afternoon in Judge Caba
niss* :ourt finding Herman Kohn. secre
tary jf the San Francisco Lodge of Elks,
grulltr of having had a dead elk J In his
possession. The finding did not ruffle the
complacency of Kohn's dlsposiUon, espe
clal'y as the court announced, after Fore
man John Green had read the verdict,
i hi t It would Impose the minimum, sen
tence, a fine of 525.
The Tai Wah Lottery' Company, which
recently commenced business on Waverly
place, has troubles that may result in
war. It accuses some Chinese, whose
name Is yet unknown to the police, of
having stolen a ticket which drew a $4000
prize and of presenting the same for pay
ment after the theft. According to the
officers of the company the ticket was
not sold and belonged to them. Its value
was $2. After the result of the drawing
had been announced the ticket was stolen
from their office and a collection on it at
tempted. The holder of the ticket says it
rightfully belongs to him and the Six
Companies will adjust the dispute.
The Wong Look Tong and the Lee Po
Tcng became involved in a quarrel over
rent due on a building. occupied by the
former. An officer of the Wong Looks
and a collector belonging to the Lee Po*
fought with their fists until two detectives
arrived and stopped the melee. .Then It
was decided to end the dispute on a more
severe basis and last night highbinders
skulked along in the shadows, awaiting
an opportunity to earn blood money.
"When Detectives Kd -Gibson and
George ¦ McMahon arrived on the scene
they found that the assailant had bar
ricaded himself in I his room and defied
arrest. The detectives were obliged to
saw out the section of the door to which
the lock was fastened before they secured
their prisoner. Queong was taken to the
City Kecelving Hospital, where it was
found that the blade of the weapon had
not penetrated the skull. ' The patient's
chances of recovery are very favorable.
Hin was locked up at the Hall of Justice
on a charge of assault to commit murder.
The winds ofidlscord once more, blow in
the Chinese quarter. .Yesterday one Mon
golian chopped large chunks of scalp and
pig T tail from the head. of his brother; a
war- broke out between the Wong Look
Toner ;.¦ and the Lee \ Po Tong, which
threatens, more spilling of blood, and the
Tal Wah Lottery Company made a claim
that an attempt had been made to rob it
of J4000. ' : •¦«
Jong Hin,- a fisherman, and Jong
Queong, his brother, engaged In a similar
occupation, had a dispute over a Bmall
sum of money. Hin, it seems, was the
creditor in; the -transaction and when he
found that he woufd have to record the
obligation in the profit and loss account,
he vowed vengeance. 1 Both lived in a
building at 618 Jackson street and there
the tragedy happened. Hin entered
Queong' s room,. armed with an ax. In a
few words he made the object of hi3 visit
clear to his relative, then swung the ax
until the walls were spattered with blood
and the unfortunate Queong lay at his
feet. l
Argument That Animal Was
Bern in Captivity Is
Unavailing.
Winning Lottery Ticket Said
to Have Been, Stolen
From Office.
INFLUENTIAL newspapers of the State continue to comment freely on Governor Gage's, utter
subserviency to the bosses. It is perfectly. clear t6 the impartial observer that the Governor has
surrendered the administration of State affairs to tlie gang that runs the "machine." It is also
clear that Gage is losing ground. Thousands of stanch Republicans were foremost in fighting
his battle for election hi 1898 openly assert that his defeat at the polls would' be the result of his '
renomination. The chief demand for his indorsement for another term comes from the camp of|
followers of the administration — the office holders,' deputies and lounders who are draining susten
ance from the public treasury in accordance with orders from the bosses. The merchants, working
men, farmers and others connected with industrial pursuits are satisfied to let him rest with one;
term. The belief that Gage will be defeated if renominated is widespread. His alliance with the
notorious bosses of his own party and his fellowship with the worst elements of the. Democratic
camp has. aroused the people to a sense of public danger! The following comments from the press
of the State are timely and readable. .. *
Red Bluff Sentinel:
Governor Gagre has again betrayed himself
and the Republican party Into the hands of
the bosses by the appointment of that noto
rious boss, Johnny Mackenzie of San Jose, as
Harbor Commissioner In San Francisco. It
Fhould be remembered up and down the State
that Gage appointed this same Mackenzie as a
trustee ot the Home for the Feeble Minded at
Glen Eller.. consummating the most damnable
piece of political dirty work In the history of
the Staie in the removal of Dr. Osborn, who
had be.rn at the head of that institution since
it was established. Democratic executives
recognized his eminent fitness and high char
acter In the care of the unfortunate wards of
the State, and it remained for boss-ridden
Gape to bring about this shameful result. It
is high time for Republicans throughout the
State who believe In decency in politics to
unite on some good man, whether it is Edson.
Pardee, Flint. Preston or some one else, to de
feat Gage. The tatter's nomination will mean
his defeat and the entire State ticket will be
in danger. There should be a united opposi
tion, or Gage and boss politics will bring de
feat to the party.
Convict Him of Having
Dead Elk in His
Possession.
Tongs Come to War
Over Dispute on Sub
ject of Rental.
JURORS FIND
KOHN GUILTY
SURRENDER OF GOVERNOR GAGE
TO BOSSES AWAKENS REPUBLICAN
PARTY TO A SENSE OF DANGER
CHOPS BROTHER
WITH HATCHET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1902:
Court Sutro Heights No. 136, Foresters
of America, has made arrangements to
celebrate" the seventh anniversary of )ts
institution on Saturday evening next' In
one of the prominent restaurants by giv
ing a banquet to its members, which now
number nearly two hundred.
Foresters' Anniversary Banquet.
Wong Yuen Ming's Horse, Struck
With a Stone, Suns Away and
Kills Him.
Wong Yuen Ming, proprietor of a laun
dry at 409 "Waller street, died In a Chinese
hospital at 816 Sacramento street yester
day morningrfrom injuries received last
Saturday by 'falling from his wagon on
Scott street, near Oak. Detective Thomas
Coleman and another man who happened
to be : In that vicinity caught the run
away horse, and found Wong lying un
conscious in the road. They placed him
in the wagon and drove him to the
laundry.
The Chinese in the laundry say that a
bad white boy struck the horse with a
stone, causing the animal to plunge vio
lently, the jolt throwing Wong on his
head In the street. Deputy Coroner
Brown -was unable to find any eyewit
nesses of the assault.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is there any soap but
Pears' which has been sold
in two centuries! and is
selling in the third?
Sold all over the wot Id
For Stomach Disorders* ' ,
Com and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
i'-'.l - : . 220 BROADWAT. ;N. T. .
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking. s
There Is no fuel that will. compare with coke
Delivered In ' any ... quantity. -> Country orders
•OUcited. .. r. A. McBONALD. 813 Folsom et
¦' 'V ! l !».r«'.f ! ' t _tt*»'l-'
.©•®©9©»oae9G©®©oea©©©9oeoeoo©o©©&s©©©«©0«e>Q@c>$®oe««oooeoeaoe©*afioo
' 'BBptIhI Kj9 Bjfvft?ftv R*3 ktM 1 19 v^m SE3 r Ef9 68 B9l \gjjpfH JSS JPSr at BB . 1
I TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. ||
j Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) months can secure a <
j $15.00 Set of !
! "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" ? j
; r or <&^$.<J*kJ. j
! " .•>•¦ Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $\$. j
! An invaluable addition to every library! |
! An ornament to any drawing room! J
j A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young, J
! yielding the delights of travel without its inconveniences. \
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. A <\
\ AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. „/ ]
[ INTRODUCED BY -S •£; "'.J
! MAJOR-GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER, . ¦!
? UNITED STATES ARMY. "._ <
\ j With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by V.v -:¦ I \
I JOSE DE OLIVARES, ¦- - ; ; ." \
The Noted Author and War Correspondent. • , '.-T ;, -^ <
> i Author of '.The Trocha Telegraph." "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Ang'uilles," and other West Indian <
I Stories. , ;.' v / .*
i EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE !
PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN. .INCLUDING HAWAII !
) AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- I
> TIONS. HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- ' i
» , PEARANCE. WITH MANY . HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, - i «
{ RIVERS. VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM- <
\ PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- , !
J • ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE 2
I ' PICTURED PAGE. j
' With a special consideration of, the conditions that prevailed before the declaration- of war, by Senators Proctor. *
I Thurston, Money andniimerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with condition* 23 J
I f they now exist. , , '=',¦*': 4
$££?}. Wlwfl:. S. BRYAN 3
* Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- I
I WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED W. TOUT, GEO. E. DOT TER AND OTHERS. \
> '.-:, : . '"- " ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ .. " y i ¦ ¦ ¦ — : ' • ¦ .. ;¦ ¦¦¦ •'• - " •¦¦¦"!
r N| v "v - : F COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. <
[' REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
> Superbly" illustrated with' more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Map*. <
>6d9«ec»90e9««9eoo«eeeeedOftooeeeo9eeeoeoe&oeee9eoee98*eee9oe96oooo«ec
W'rfli ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Helen Farrell, Secretary W.C.T.U.,
Saranac . Lake, N.Y., says to every sick
woman, " Try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. I know it will cure you."
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Although I have never given a testi-
monial before, I feel it a duty as well as a pleasure to advise sick
women to try iLydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
By experience I found it a most valuable remedy.for the peculiar ail-
ments known only to women. A large number of my friends have
been cured, and very recently a dear friend of mine who has tried a
number o£ physician's prescriptions without relief gave up in despair,
when Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound was suggested to
her. It was her last hope, but it proved a Godsend to her 1 — just the
•right, medicine for me, she says — now she is cured and just the right
medicine for every sick woman say I — try it and you will find it will
cure you in very short time." — Mrs. Helen Farrell.
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE [LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the
•womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, back-
ache, bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous
prostration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintnesa,
lassitude, excitability, irritability, nervousness, sleeplessness, melancholy,
" all-gone S and " want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Mrs. Pinkham invites all sick women to write her for advlco.
She has guided thousands to health. Address, Lynn, Mass. - -v
San Francisco, Tuesday, 25 March, 1902.
{$175 for a !
I limited number I
. © — : — O I
!Our stock of the above pictured reed chairs is limited. 1
While they last the price will be $1.75. Of substantial con- |
. struction and stained a brown finish. We doubt if you can buy S
such a chair for anywhere near this figure elsewhere and we |j
do not expect to offer a similar value for some time to come. gj
If you live outside of San Francisco you can buy furniture ¦"W/M
of us almost as well as if you stood on our floors. The secret 13
is a big, complete catalog with over 600 magnificent ill'us- jg
„ tralions, from which selection is easy.. We guarantee satisfac- |
fl tion whether you purchase by letter or in person. ( Write for . j
H the catalog — it's free. __^_ ' ' . fl
I (Successors to California Furniture Co.) I
J 957 ro 577 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. 1Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigofator.
Best LI verMedlclne. Vegetable Cure forUverlllfc.
milov0zsa. Indigestion, Constipation. Malaria.'
Our local Board of Education has reached the con
clusion that the general fear of microbes is unwar
ranted. The 'worthy gentlemen might well grow in
trospective in their investigations
money..
There is a growing feeling in Great Britain that it
would have been a great deal better to have settled
the Boer war, by, arbitration and had the credit of
being generous -without having to spend so much
"The thief who broke into" Blank'-* «h«
shop last night got away °wih consider:
able booty," wrote the rural editor-a n d
SylSm 1 y 6 WUS tak6n to the lns ane
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c *
pound in tire-etched boxes or Jap ba£
kets. A nice present for Eastern frt.»n7(«
C39 Market St.. Palace, Hotel Tulldinsi •
The Mayor of Savannah is probably a very worthy
person living . out his existence according to his
lights.. It is therefore unnecessary for* him to expose
his ignorance of a subject with which Californians
are thoroughly famiiisr— the Durrant case.
Co-education"' has made another gigantic leap
toward' the usurpation of the traditional privileges of
man. The women students of Northwestern Univer
sity have decided that on. occasions it is perfectly
proper for women to lie. " .
, Special information supplied daily *n
business houses^and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 220 nl 11
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042; • "
"Bishop . Nichols, the , head of the; Cali
fornia Episcopal diocese,", says the New
.York Commercial, "tells a good story on
Bishop Potter of New York.: When Bish
op Votter was in San Francisco at the , re
cent Eplsconal convention he made his
headquarters at the home of W. • H.
Crocker, on. Nob Hill, the mansion having
been- rented by J.' Pierpont Morgan for
himself and guests. \ Two .men, passing
the house one morning, looked up at it,
and one; said: , v- , - ; .
".'Here is Crocker's pottery.' .
•'Bishop - Potter was just coming down
the steps. „ He heard the remark' and, ad
vancing, said: smilingly: • ¦
" V .'Excuse, : me. .gentlemen, but this Is
Potter's crockery!',.". , "
•'Potter's. Crockery."
Look out for 81 4th et., front barber and :
grocer; best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c •
Cal. glace fruit SOc per 1b at Townsend's.'
TO. PRESERVE FLOWERS— Reader,
Oakland. Cal. The following method for
preserving the natural color of flowers is
recommended by . R. Hegler in tho
"Deutsche Botanlsche Monatsnefte." It
consists in dusting salicylic acid on the
flowers as they He in the press, and re
moving it again with a brush when tho
flowers are dry. Red colors in particular
are well preserved by. this agent. An
other method of applying the same pre
servative is to use a solution of one part
of salicylic acid to fourteen of alcohol by
means of blotting paper or cotton wool
placed below and above the flowers. Pow
dered boraclc acid 3 r lelds' nearly as good
results. Dr. Schonland in the Gardener'3
Chronicle recommends as an improvement
in the method of using sulphurous acid
for preserving the color that in the case
of delicate flowers they might be placed
loosely between sheets of vegetable parch
ment before immersion in the liquid, so «Qt>
to preserve their natural form. •?;
It is reported' that Miss Stone has i made a contract
with a lecture bureau,' by the terms of which no two
lectures are to be delivered within 100 miles of one
another, so either Oakland. or San Francisco will es
cape — unless the lady should decide to make a.sec
ond tour.:* !
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
WASHINGTON, D. C., Ma.rch^ 24.— The
following Californians arrived here to
day: At the. St. James,. F. J. Mahoney
and E". J. Wren; -at the Arlington. N. K.
Davis; at the Shorehairi, L. .V. Rosen
berg— all of San Francisco. At the Ral
eigh, J. McCudden, Miss McCudden,
C. A.. Parmelee and wife, Los Angeles;
J. *.W. Erwln. Mrs. L. F. Beckwlth and
Sidney Beckwith, of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
nouncements of forthcoming recitals by Kubelik
should not be displayed in the programmes or in any
other way at music halls 'during his performances,
and Kubelik recently tore down a placard an
nouncing a recital by : Paderewski to follow one of
Kubclik's own. The match could be made a good
one provided violins and pianos were barred.
• Some enterprising athletic club' that really wishes
to give its patrons a genuine fight might easily ar
range one between Paderewski an&Kubelik just nowr
Only a short time ago Paderewski insisted that an-
POSTAGE ON. DROP LETTERS—En
quirer. City. Many persons are under t£e
impression that an unsealed letter drop^fl^
In the Postofflce for delivery in this
needs • but a 1 cent stamp. Such is not
the case, no matter whether .the letter is
sealed or unsealed. The law is that:
"Letters commonly known as drop or lo
cal letters delivered through postofflc*
carriers shall be charged with postage at
the rate of 2 cents where the system of
free delivery is established and 1 cent
where such - is . not established for each
half ounce or fraction thereof."
1 . -. . ;
In explaining why the German Government would
not return to China the costly astronomical instru
ments looted from Peking Count von* Bulow said
that the Chinese Government attaches no sort of im
portance to the instruments, that if- they were re
turned the Chinese would' think it had been done by
order of, the Chinese Government and Germany
would lose prestige, and; finally, "the instruments
ought now to be placed in the category of presents
from Government to Government, as has been cus
tomary." It will be seen from this that when once
you have looted a manit is easy to convince'your
self that the loot should be' looked upon as a gift. •
COMMUNITY PROPERTY-F. C, City.
Under the laws of California if the hus
band dies without a will and leaves sur
rivlng him a wife, but no children, sha
takes one half of all' the property. The
other half goes to his legal heirs; if thero
are none such, the entire property goes
to the surviving wife. As the husband
has the absolute control of the commu
nity property, he can dispose of the same
as he can of his separate property. He
does not nsed. the signature of the wife
\o sell or mortgage real estate that is
community property. *•
NEW YORK, March 24.— The following
Californians are in'New York:' From San
Francisco— C. Bahnman. at the Vendome;
L. A. Benson} at the Hotel Imperial; J.
Curtis and wife, at the Herald Square;
Miss M. Darrell, at the Vendome; J. Felix
and. wife, at the Delavan Hotel; Mrs. H.
M. Fortescue, at the Navarre; W. M.
Graham, at the Holland: II. Gray, at the
Hotel Imperial; J. O'B. Gunn, at the
Manhattan; W. H. . Hart, iat the Holland;
Miss Hawkins, at the Holland; R. H".
Hugg, at the Park Avenue; C." Johnson,
at'the, Herald Square; Dr. J. W.'Kenne3\
at the Manhattan; W. A. Kirkpatrlck.
at the Holland: H.'. Lessen, at 'the Herald
Square: H. J.\ Mahoney. at the. Ashland;
A. C. Moraghan. at the Imperial; M. Mor
ton, at the Delavan: Hotel; H. Wilson, at
the Broadway Central. . ;
From Santa. Cruz— M. Abrams, at the
Imperial. ... . ....
Californians in New York.
ASSAYING— I*'. City. The following are
text books on assaying which may be ob
tained from dealers in books: "Assaying."
by C. H. Aaron; "Text Book of Assay
ing." by C. and J. J. Bernlge; "Practical
As3iytng,7 by A. C. Hlrons; "Practical
Mining and Assaying," by F. M. Johnson;
"Assayer's Manual," by B. Kerl; "Prac
tical Assayer," by J. Mitchell; "Assay
ing," by O. North, and "Assaying and
Assaying Schemes," by P. de P. Rlckerts.
A further influence . emanates from our philan
thropy. The famine, fund. which, was raised in this
country in 1001 and J to which President 'McKinley
and Secretary Hay were contributors, served not only
to relieve suffering at the time, but to excite among
the people a feeling of confidence in American friend
liness that has been; helpful in promoting our trade.
Another factor in the situation that counts in our.
favor is said to be the manner in which our diplo
macy is carried on. The report says: "It is char
acteristic of the Minister and Consuls of, the United
States that they hold themselves in readiness, to. ex
tend their good offices with ungrudging magnanimity
to the merchant, the missionary, the journalist, with'
out distinction of .class or country. In receiving or
assisting their fellow countrymen there is no as
sumption of lordly mannerism.'* ' ' . " V
The Chinese are reported to have noted' with satis
faction the difference between our methods;and those
of other nations. They perceive that our. aim is to
expand our trade with the empire not by the use of
"guns and grab," but by cultivating thV good will 'of
the people and supplying them with; tire merchandise
they need. '.They quote with gratification the recent
statement of an American official: "We seek trade,
not territory; we do not mean to fight, but to foster
friendliness. We mean to conquer China by mer
cantile, not by military means. Our merchants will
exploit her markets, and without armies we shall
win." . ' , • .- '. \ .. . . ' .'• •
Under the influence of this favorable feeling among
the Chinese our trade 13 -showing a handsome de
velopment. During the last few years" there- has
been. a large increase in the Chinese consumption of
American iron, oil, calico and flour; and it is added:
"The demand has exece'ded the supply. Preparations
are now being made for quicker, transport, better
storage and more supplies.". '. : . ./ • '
..'a CCORDING to the North China Herald.
¦ /\ ' American -influence in China is' as potent to
..*¦ A- day as that of the more aggressive nations,
and promises to be more lasting. It is founded upon
commerce and education instead of upon territorial
domination, and is winning favor among all classes
of progressive Chinese, so that in the end the com
petition for supremacy in the Chinese markets is like
ly" to terminate in our favor provided we can keep an
open market and prevent the virtual conquest of the
country by the advancing, power of. the Russian
Empire.
OUR INFLUENCE IN CHINA.
LAND OFFICE RULINGS— J. B., City.
A citizen who is already the owner of a
number of acres of farming lajjd may
use his homestead rights to take up 160
acres of land, providing the amount al
ready held does not exceed 160 acres; a
settler who has filed on forty acres of
land may. at a later period, file on 120
acrc£ more to make up 160 acres; a towtv
site cannot be taken up under the homs^.
stead law. BfflHBWKB
Ora J. Morris, an extensive pork packer
of Chicago, is at the Palace.
A. C. Hlhn, a well-known capitalist of
Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
Dr.O. Stansbury, a medical practitioner
of Chico, is a guest at the Lick.
Frank Lyman, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is registered at the Grand.
P. Johnson, a jeweler of Sonora, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
John A. Mclntire, a mining man, who
resides at Sacramento, is at the Lick.
W. L. Cobb, a well-known resident of
Redding, is a guest at the Occidental.
Louis F. Breuner, the well-known fur
niture dealer of Sacramento, is a guest at
the Palace.
G. L. Simpson, a lumber dealer of
Stockton, is at the Occidental, accompa
nied by his wife.
R. Robertson, proprietor of Gllroy
Springs, is spending a" few days in this
city. He has made his headquarters at
the Lick. .. " . ¦-.';. •¦'"• A '^>",- :
.William B. Plunke, accompanied by his
wife, arrived . here yesterday in a private
car from Adams, Mass. They are guests
at the Palace.
Jokesmlth-No; but I might make
enough salable jokes on them to buy some
good ones.— Philadelphia Record.
Jokesmlth— I hope my wife will buy me
some of those bargain counter cigars this
Christmas.
Friend— I hope you don't intend to
smoke those things?
Mrs. Selldom-Holme— I wonder If you
couldn't run down with me Into the coun
try for a few days.
Mrs. Jenner Lee Orftego— Not now. This
is the week of prayer,- and I am observing
it faithfully. Next week, though. I shall
not have anything whatever to do, and I
can go with youv- Chicago. Tribune
"Wasn't it a terrible feeling," they
asked him, "after you had done your
work at the bottom of the lake and had
neariy reached the surface of the water
again to realize that the ice had closed
over the spot where you went down?"
"Yes," said the professional diver, "for
alittle while. I was up against it good
and hard."— Chicago Tribune.
"I do," answered the new member of
Congress. "I am kept awake wondering
which of the old, old stories the people
who get up anecdotes are going to make
me the hero of."— Washington Star. ,
"I suppose you realize that ycu are now
at a critical period in your career," said
the friend.
"There was only one of my Christmas
presents that I felt I must exchange."
"What was that?"
"The box of cigars my wife gave me. I
made the dealer take it back."
"What did he give you for it?"
"Three good cigars."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
In a case heard recently in the Court
of Session, Edinburgh, an artist was giv
ing evidence, when the opposing counsel
asked:
"Do you draw everything larger than
It ought to be?"
The reply came prompt: "Everything
except my salary."— Tid-Bits.
Getting Even— Artist— Miss .Brownie-
Brown-Brown, who is to marry a Prince,
won't let us have her photograph for
publication.
Editor-She won't, eh? Tell the fore
man to use one of those cuts labeled
"Before Taking."— New York Weekly.
The repeated rumors concerning the selection of
a wife for the Crown Prince of Germany and tfie
seeming difficulty of finding a proper one in Europe
may throw some light on the recent visit of Prince
Henry. It may be he came here, to take, a look at
American girls. It will be remembered that he com
mended the feminine loveliness he saw In Milwaukee,
and said- afterward that the emblem of America to
him hereafter would be the American Beauty rose.
BURIAL-Enq., City. There is no data
that will show when human bodies were
first buried in the earth. Abraham buried
Sarah at Macpelah, 1S60 B. C. Places of
burial were consecrated under Pope
Calixtus I in 210 A. D. The ancient
Greeks had burial places remote from
towns; the Romans had them near the
highways. The first Christian burial was.
it is said, in 596; burial in cities in 742;
In consecrated places in 750; in church
yards, 758.
INITIALS— G. L. A., City. When a
woman marries she assumes her hus-^
band's name, and except in the case of
lagal documents, where she must sign her
given name as well as her name by mar
riage. For instance, a woman has tha
given name of Mary and marries Charles
William Smitt, she would use Mrs.
Charles William Smitt, not Mrs. Mary
Smitt, on her cards: so in using a seal to
seal letters it would be right to use the
initials C. W. S.
BASEBALL-M.. San Martin. Cal. One
who has been a manager of a baseball
team says that the only way "to bind the
players to mind the manager" is to make
the players put up a certain amount at
the time of the signing cf the contract
so that fines imposed may be taken out.
The manager has the control-Af the busi
ness end for the, team and captain the
field end. ¦ ' " ~
If the Massachusetts bill become a law its opera
tion will be keenly studied by economists, as the most
interesting experiment that has ever been tried in.
any country.
In all of its aspects such a departure is distinctly
revolutionary. It effectually transfers property from
the protection of the law to that of organization
which does not own :"t, but has the power to limit or
destroy its '.^se.
We have said, understanding^-, that this Ms the end
sought by the wise leaders of organization, who real
ize that success depends upon force and not persua
sion. We think that' it is now apparent that their
wisdom will be justified by success. And what then?
A power that so entirely cuts to the root of things
. must profoundly affect industrial affairs. It will de
cide the fate of all investments, will revolutionize the
law of common carriers, utterly change the relations
of emplo3'e and employer, extirpate productive com
petition and determine the cost of production. The
power to do all this is not inherent in government.
Those who exercise it will be above the restraint of
the law. The only curb upon them will be economic
principles. The final effect upon the country will be
determined by the degree of knowledge of those prin
ciples ha3 by the men who lead.
The labor problem, as presented to organization
for solution, has but few and simple features. The
progressive increase in wages depends upon the
power to make labor scarce. This can be done by
limiting or denying apprenticeship, limiting the mem
bership of organization and denying the right of un
organized labor to work at all. The proposed Massa
chusetts statute accomplishes this completely. It af
fects the great purpose of organization by removing
from property judicial protection through injunction.
It elevates organization to the first place, legalizes its
use of force and indeed makes it the. sole, controlling
industrial factor,
The wise and forcible leaders of labor in this coun
try liave given but HttleVcountenance td the pretense "
that a strike is' a peaceful thing, to be won by bland
and amicable means. The^rights they seek to main
tain aad magnify are of that class which must be
won and held by force, and to protect the means re
quired their use must be made free of legal restraint.
When organization can control, absolutely, the labor
supply, it will control the country and dictate its
policy. This prospect may not please the thoughtful
citizen, but let him reflect that, given such oppor
tunity, with such a prize in reach, men who do and
dare are sure to" improve the one in order to grasp
the other. . ! ~>
ry-»HE New York Times notes with surprise that
I the Massachusetts Legislature is giving elab
•*¦ orate hearings on a bill to legalize the picketing
of any plant or property by strikers, and to exclude
from legal restraint any acts of such pickets to pre
vent other laborers seeking employment on the pick
eted plant or propert\\ While the consideration of
such a bill may cause surprise, it must be accepted as
an incident in the evolution of organization.
FORCE IN LABOR DISPUTES.
ABBREVIATION-A. E. M., City. A
friend of this department writes to tha
effect that the letters S. A. G. are used
on letters as art abbreviation of St. An
thony guide, being a request that St. An
thony guide the letter to destination safe
ly. Neither tha letters nor the explana
tion appear in the long list of abbrevia
tions, ancient or modern.
THE CANALS— S. G.. City. If you will
go/to the periodical of the Free
Library you will find a number of articles
for and against the Panama and th«
Nicaragua canals and from the reading
of both sides of the subject you can form
your own idea3. This department does
not publish essays to help out debaters.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CHANCE TO SMILE
Big game can be photographed by these means. An elephant moving down
through the jungle to his habitual drinking place may tread upon a large con
cealed board, and the next instant will find him trying to "look pleasant" un
der what would be most trying circumstances. s •>' .•;':,•
In the near future, therefore, it is probable that both lawyers and naturalists
may have more cause than ever to thank the photographer.
\*'~ ¦ , ; -r
ANEW terror is added to the alreaady overwhelming difficulties of an ener
getic section of professional merv-burglars.
By the mere act of entering a room, the -unhappy housebreaker can
now bo made to photograph himself from two or three points of view.
It is C. Kearton, a clever animal antl bird photographer of Chicago, who has
earned the heartfelt maledictions of the fraternity of the jimmy and dark lantern.
A reporter was invited by I\carton to go to his house and attempt to "burgle"
his premises. -The challenge was accepted. A certain window was to be left
unlatched and an entrance obtained through it. . \
All the lights were turned out as with stealthy tread the writer entered the
garden. Tho window rose noiselessly as ho opened it with caution.
All that the writer's dark lantern revealed were a dark interior, and, just
under the window ledge, a seat with an innocent looking cushion. Thinking him
self safe so far as the window seat was concerned, the burglar "for this occa
sion only" placed his foot inside the room.
His preparations got no further. The moment the slightest pressure was
placed upon the deceptive window seat a great flare of light leaped up and expired
as suddenly as it flashed. ¦ , . . .•
For several minutes the amateur burglar could "see" nothing but Intense
blackness, and even when Kearton turned up the gas nothing could be distin
guished in the room owing to the tremendously dazzling effect of the flashlight.
The "burglar" having been duly trapped and photographed. Kearton went into
detailB with him. Under the window had been laid two poised pieces of board.
The lightest touch upon them brought two pieces of metal In contact, which
completed an electrical circuit. The current flowed along the wires that were
fixed to a battery. Above the battery was an electrical coll which discharged a
half-Inch spark. Round the sparkling terminals was a preparation of magnesium
powder, which' was ignited by the spark itself. ... ....¦ '
t Ori the table facing the window stood the camera which took the photograph
reproduced above, representing the reporter entering the'- ro<5njT from the front.
Another camera In the garden recorded the other photograph as he -was
silhouetted against the illuminated window- V--, -i< '.:"¦¦ ¦¦;•¦.*- •¦ ~
; 'Though the Inventor has applied his idea to tils' Interests of justice he Is pri
marily a naturalist. J".:.' /V.V. ? ' '
He has used the apparatus to secure pictures of nocturnal animals. Food la
spread upon the balanced board and the weight of the bird or animal "does the
rest." " ¦ ¦ i '--*i • ¦¦-•*•— •.'.•"" "T-'.K-^ ': *-•¦-
REPRODUCTION OF A PHOTOGRAPH. AUTOMATICALLY TAKEN. OF
A BURGLAR ENTERING A HOUSE. THE CAMERA THAT CATCHES
HOUSEBREAKERS IS THE INVENTION OF A CHICAGO MAN.
CHEST WEIGHTS— M.. San Martin.
Cal. Possibly you mean by the question
"how are chest weights produced?" how
chest expansion is produced. The modern
method is by the use of ejwrclsers that
may be obtained from any dealer in
sporting goods and from many dealers in
hardware. i ;
Some years ago when this change in the immi
gration-was first noted Dr. Francis A. Walker point
ed out that it threatened a congestion of the labor
market and the larger cities with a class of people
unfit for our standards of civilization and unequal to
the requirements of American citizenship. Even then
he said the time had come when "we" should take a
rest and give our social, political and industrial sys
tem some'ehance to recuperate. The problems which
so sternly confront us to-day are serious enough,
without being complicated and aggravated by the
addition of some millions of Hungarians, Bohemians,
Poles, South Italians and Russian Jews*." ¦ .
: : The evils that were then threatening have now in
some localities been realized. A comprehensive and
well devised restriction act is therefore a matter of
urgency. Congress will do well to enact one at this
.session. 3&& %¦$$$&{ ,/: ,
The bill has been objected to in some quarters on
the ground that it is too drastic, but there is reason
to believe it will be approved by a majority of the
thoughtful people of the country. It is not denied
that good immigrants are a source of wealth to the
country and that much of the marvelous advance
and progress of the republic is\due to the large num
bers of industrious and energetic men and women
who have been coming to our shores from Europe
for years past. Still there has been of late such a
change in the character of the immigration' that it is
lime to subject it to a more careful supervision.
In addition to excluding anarchists the new meas
ure provides for thejexamination of cabin passengers
as well as steerage passengers, so undesirable persons
who happen to: have, money enough to travel first
class will be rejected as well as those who are poorer.
Among the- new classes of aliens who are to be ex
cluded arc epileptics and persons who- have been in
sane within five years previous to coming here, and
persons who have had two or more attacks orjnsan
ity at any time previous.. The' section relating to
contract labor is made more stringent, and now in
cludes persons who ;hayc been induced to come to
the United States by "offers, solicitations, promises
or agreements," and the section includes the words,
"those who import or attempt to import," which, it
is claimed, will catch the contractor, even if the la
borers are not landed. The bill also provides that in
spection shall be made from time to time of all re- !
formatories, insane hospitals, charitable institutions,
etc., and that all aliens who are there found. who have
become public charges under the law are to be de
ported. The standard of qualifications of examining
physicians is raised. /
[' In a recent statement on the subject Chairman
Shattuc of the Committee on Immigration and Natu
ralization said the new bill will increase the head tax
on alien immigrants from the $1 now imposed to
$1 50, so as" to provide money to meet the additional
expense of operating the new measure. An import
ant feature of the. proposed plan for better restriction
is that the bill. provides not only for rejecting unde
sirable immigrants at the various ports of entry, but
also for watching and keeping track of those ad
mitted, so that if they bcconie criminals or paupers
within five years after their arrival they may be re
turned to the country whence they came.
BY the general ¦immigration bill recently sub-
to the House an effort has been, made
'to bring together in one act all the scattered
legislation enacted on the subject from 1875 to 1894,
reduce the whole to a consistent system and provide
the country with a better' method of immigrant regu
lation than we have hitherto 'put into practice.
EQUINOCTIAL, STORMS-M. J. W.,
Rohnervllle. CaP. "What are called equi
noctial storms, are those that sometimes
occur at or near the time of an equinox,
but there is no particular reason for such,
storms. The same conditions that pro
duce other storms produce these.
GENERAL IMMIGRATION BUREAU.
SNOWSTORM-W. H. M., Tesla, Cal.
The question, "Can you inform me when
we had a large snowstorm?" 13 rather in
definite. Do you mean the heaviest snow
storm in San Francisco, in California, in
any particular county of the State or In
some Eastern city, county or State?
- ¦--;•;;.•¦ :V-.V ' , ,. . - . . =r . • ,:,>¦;! . -.',¦
.The. 1 recent .use of the phrase. ."a combine" in a de
cision handed down by the Supreme Court of ; the
United States has, stirred the defendersof pure Eng
lish to* the depths. One-of;them say's the word was
originally used in that. sense by a boodle Alderman
in New York, and he wishes to know if such men
are to corrupt our language as well as our politics.
PREPAID POSTAGE.-B. L., City. The
law requiring all mail matter passing
through the United States postofflce to be
prepaid was passed June 8. 1372. The text
of that law is: "Postage on all matter
must be prepaid by stamps at the time of
mailing."
CARNEGIE AND GOULD— H. R. C.
City. The address of Andrew Carnegie
is 5 "West Fifty-first street. New TorkJ
City; that of Helen M. Gould is Irving
ton-on-the-Hudson and 573 Fifth avenue.
New York City.
FOGS— Sub.. Santa Rosa. Cal. The Rio
de Janeiro and the San Rafael each sank
during ocean fegs. Santa Rosa is liable
to have ocean as well as land fC£3 in
spring and summer.
JOHN SWETT SCHOOL—A. S.. City.
The John Swett School, as a night school,
is closed for tho present. It \s impossible
to state, when it will be reopened.
MARE- 1SLAND-A. S., . Sonora Cal.
The pay of helper- at the Mare Island
Navy Yard varies according to class. It
runs from $1.52 to $2.^ per day.
THE NEPTUNE— A. O.i 3.. City. The
schooner Neptune was wrecked otj the
beach below the Cliff HoUse on the 10th
Of August, 1900.
POSTAL CARDS-A. O. S., City-Postal
cards were first sold in San Francisco on
May 23, 1373.
THE PLAY "1402"— Subscriber, City.
The play "1192" was written by Rice.
There is in fact no valid argument to be made for'
the reciprocity scheme. It means the slaughter of
the protective system. It is a step toward free trade.
It will cause division in the Republican ranks on the
very eve of battle and encourage the free traders to
renew the contest that has always proven so disas
trous to American industries.*
It is to be borne in mind that the minority Repub
licans of the House who are standing firmly for prin
ciple and party loyalty to public pledges have dis
closed no opposition to granting any relief to Cuba
that may be honestly needed by the islands. It has
been announced again and, again that protectionists
are willing to accept a bill for the relief of Cuba pro
vided it be drawn so as to give relief where it is
really needed, and dees not involve a reduction of
the tariff. If we owe anything to Cuba let it be be
stowed ;ri the form of a bounty and be distributed
among the needy. . It is an injustice to impose the
whole burden upon two American industries and be
stow the whole favor upon the speculators who have
got possession of Cubnn sugar plantations. .'.., ' V.
The danger is all the greater because there are a
number of so. called Republicans in the big cities of
the East who arc quite willing to betray the party on
this issue. That was made evident by . the recent
adoption by the Republican Club of New York of a
resolution declaring: "It is the opinion of this club
that a moral and political obligation rests on this
country to reduce the tariff on Cuban' sugar and to
bacco, and to do so promptly." The declaration, Is
hardly better than a hypocritical sham. This coun
try has neither a political nor a moral obligation to
t educe tariff rates or. imports from Cuba, and if
it had the obligation would not require a reduction
upon sugar and tobacco only. It would rest equally
on the whole American people and require a reduc
tion on the whole array of protective duties.
In adopting the Cuban scheme the majority of
Republicans in the House have in fact entcred'upon
a road that will lead to ruin. The most astute Demo
cratic leaders could hardly wish Republicans to make
a greater blunder than the one proposed. At the
present time the demoralized Democrats are looking
for an issue upon which to go before the people.
They have been for some time busily engaged in dis
cussing the advisability- of reviving the fight against
the tariff. The National Free Trade League is urg
ing them to undertake it, and David Bennett Hill
has already declared himself in favor of it. r This,
therefore, is a bad time for Republican leaders to pre
cipitate a split in the ranks, of the party on the ques
tion. It would be like dividing the strength of an
army at the strategic point of a field where battle is
about to take place.
WHILE the Republican members of Con
gress who have agreed in caucus to carry
out the Cuban reciprocity scheme consti
tute a majority of the party in the House, they do
not by any means represent the Republican majority
of the country. In fact so far as this particular
measure is concerned they do not represent Repub
licanism at all. Such reciprocity so, called as they
purpose to»enact is a Democratic policy— a. step in
the direction of free trade. " / < '¦
The Republican party under its great leaders has
taught the American people that protection is a
comprehensive. principle for the promotion of all
American industries. If once a protective policy be
applied to certain industries but denied to others^'it
will cease to be a matter of principle and become a
mere affair of expediency. There will .immediately
follow a discussion as to what interests should be pro
tected and what shou!d be left to foreign competi
tion; and it is easy; to foresee what would be the re
sult of such a. debate before the people. The sense
of fairness among the voters would lead to"a rejection
of any 'such partial and unjust system. The voters
who have sustained the Republican principle. of com
prehensive protection could not be relied upon to
sustain a protective policy that was dependent upon
log rolling at Washington and not upon justice.
INDENTS A CAMERA
TO "TAKE" BURGLARS
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
Summing up;. the whole subject the writer con
cludes by saying: "If there be no place for the
Chinaman in America there is ample room for the
American in China. Britishers : at least will rejoiqe
in "the energy and enterprise of , Brother Jonathan,
for their interests; are. alike." ¦ It is not agreeable to
have to, meet so kindly;. a .notice of ourselves with'
anything in the way' of criticism, but if the British in \\
China feel; that their interests are alike with those of
the United States, they would do well to adopt the
American policy of dealing with them. Since moral
suasion has been so effective .on our part, John Bull
would better follow the example; V * '
The remission of a large part of the indemnity, de
manded of " China for the injury done. to Americans
during the Boxei; outbreak is another thing which
has counted in our favor.,,
, Finally the Herald says: ''There. is the significant
fact that Americans" practically control the colleges
and so eventually the mind of the" Middle Kingdom."
The Imperial and' Peking universities in the capital,
the Tientsin University,, the ;St. John's College,: the.
Anglo-Chinese College, the Nanyang College— all
are under "Americans. Although the scholarship used
to be on the side of Britons like Morrison and 'Med
hurst, Legge and Giles, it seems to be passing into
the hands of Americans like, Allen and Martin, Shef
field and Smith. Mind is the greatest of all power; :
the pen is mightier than the sword. There is nouse :
disguising th'e ifact that, American intellect, is giving
an immense^ prestige to Ameflcan policy." ; ¦¦ ..
A ROAD TO RUIN.
. THE SA;N- FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; V M ARCH 25, 1902.
6
_ • 1
TUESDAY MARCH 25. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
iUrtti All CcjBBBalcatlc&s t» W. 8. LEAKF, Utntger.
SI AXAGER'S OFFICE. ...... .Telephone Pre«« 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre«« 201.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS. .. ..217 to 221 Steveniioii St.
' Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Ccnt« Per Week.
MgSS Mngrle Copies, .1 Cents.
- Terms by Mall, Ineludtngr Postnsei
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAIL.T CALX. (Including- Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL ( including Sunday). 3 months 1.S4
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
SCNDAY CALL, One Year.... 1.50
WEEKLY CALL.. One Year 1.00
All postmasters itre authorized to receive
unbncrlpllonn.
Sample cople« will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadtiay
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. -
Kttaptr Foreign Advertising, Ht;«.tiett« Boildis*. Caletgx
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2C19.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V Herald Square
I —
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. 30 Tribune Baildlnff
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS \j
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great -'Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON* (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. X. AV.
MORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
11RAXCH OFFICES— -527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 8:30 o'clock. KIZ
McAllister, open until 0:30 4' clock. C15 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1090 Va-
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 10C Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 8 o'clock. 21900 Fillmon*. open until 8 p. m.
AMUBEMEUT&.
Tivoli— "The Serenade."
r«ntral—^'The Man-o'-Warnnian."
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Columbia — "The Christian." -.; V .
Orpneum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "La Tosca."
Fischer's Theater— "Little Christopher."
California — "The Denver Express."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Norrl* & Howe's Big Shows.
Oakland Racetrack — Races tu-day. ~*
"~ AUCTION SALES.
1 _________
Ey Wm. O. l^ejne— This day. at 11 o'clock— Hones, . Ve-
hicles, etc.. at "21 Howard street. ':;_, '-.; . ; rFROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Unitecl States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Height* of Hlrrh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Pun
Francisco Ray. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . .
NOTE— The high and low ' waters occur at
the. city front (MUMon-ttreet wharf), about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Fort Point;
tho height of tldo I* the same at. both pUeej.
• ¦ TUESDAY, MARCH 23.
Sun rises ... . . . ....0:00
Sun sets ; «:2S
Moen rlws '. 8:C0 i». m.
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hard column and the successive titles of the
day In tho order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column elves the last tld» of the
day except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus <— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ' _
The French bark General Neumayer was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown for orders
23.CC0 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $400.
Shipment of Wheat.
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Granada Is chartered for
wheat on Puget Sound for Europe at 33s— prior
to arrival.
The Japanese steamer Shakano Maru will
load lumber at Blakeley for Shanp", i.
The schooner Forester goes to Br.tlsh Colum
bia to load lumber for Santa Rosalia
The schooner Glendale. which sailed from
this port Sunday with a general cargo for Mar
quesas Islands, will go to Tacoma and load
lumber lor Tahiti and Marquesas Islands.
Matter's of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Ueade's Crew Released.
The officers mi. I crew of the army transport
Meade were yesterday released from quaran
tine. Pilot Stephen Castle waa also Riven his
liberty. /
A dlfi'iiii'lt received yesterday «t tho Mer
chants' KxeharEO rays that the »chobner Fan
nie Dutard, from this port, arrived nt P«nta
Barbara, March 23, In a leaking condition.
Fannie Dutard Leaking 1 .
FRENCH BARK ON WHICH
LACK OF HARMONY PRE
. VAILED EN VOYAGE. .
FORT JIRACIQ— Arrived Mar 21— Stmr Co
uullle Klver. hence Mar i'.'5.
PORTLAND. Or— Armed Mar 2 1— Stmr
ThceKlor Will*, from Twlnr Tau.
&«llod March 24— Bark Dldart. for Queens
town; shi? Uetlwood. for Callao; stmr Ocean,
tor Vladivostok. . • • .
REDONDO— Sailed Mar 24— Stmr Goo I.oo
mls, for San FrancUoo,
SOUTH nEND— Sailed Mar 24— Stmr Illval,
for Sr.n Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Mar C4— Hark Harry
Mors«, hence M«r IV
Sailed Mar' 24 — Stmr South Portland, for
Sun Francisco: attnr Qeo W Elder, for San
KranciHco; Br ship Centurion, for Queenstown;
Ur nhl:> Ardnainurehan, for Quenstown.
TOUT ANGELES— Sailed Mar 24— Schr Pre
mier, for Hlalne.
EtiREKA— Arrived Mr.r 24— Stmr .Pomona,
hce Mar 2:<: Btmr Santa Monica, hence Mar 22.
Sallivl — Mar 24 — Stmrs Newsboy, Urunswlck
and Homer, for Sun Francis jo.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Sailed Mar 24— Ship
The Crltlsh steamship Palopla . reports that
on March 5. In IG.C& north, 3T west, she sup
plt«d tlrn British chip Falls of H&tla<Ul» with
provisions, Tho Kalladale Is bound from Ore
icon to Quten*town.
Short of Provisions.
Sun, Moon and Tides.
Judge Cook yesterday signed the com
mitments in the ca^es of Chester F.
Wright and Dexter M. Wright, "who were
fined for contempt of court Saturday, tho
former In $230 and the latter In 120, for
disobeying a restraining order in connec
tion with the stock in the music store of
Wright & Kochman, 218 Turk «rreef. A
stay of five days was granted at the re
quest of their attorney.
Wright Contempt Case.
The tuss Pfa Queen and Liberty yesterday
damaged the Pacific Mall wharf to the extent
of about $500. The accident occurred while
docking the barce Mlneola. One of the Mln
eola's anchors was broken in the ir.Sx-uji.
Tugs Smash Oriental Dock.
102 days N out for Queenstown, was yesterday
quoted at 10 per cent. The rate on the Oliver
de Clisson, which on Saturday dropped from
85 per cent to 25 per cent, was yesterday
marked ud to !)0 rer cent.
In the suit of W. A. Fairbanks vs. the
Western Union Telegraph Company
United States Circuit Judge Morrow yes
terday granted the motion of the defend
ant to strike out of tho complaint all the
allegations and claims for damages for
mental anguish not accompanied by phy
sical injuries. Suit was brought to re
cover damages for mental nngu'sh In
flicted upon the. plaintiff through the nog.
llgenca of the company In delaying a t*l«
graphtc message sent to him summoning
him to the deathbed of his wife.
"Western Union "Wins a Point.
- The War Department has Issued orders
for the following named second lieuten
ants to appear before a board of officers
in convention at the Presidio for exam
inations for promotion: Augustus F. W.
MacMojius, Twenty-fifth Infantry: Wil>
ford TV-yman, Twenty-ninth Infantry;
Frederick S. Young. Seventeenth Infan
try: Joseph B. Caughey, Twenty-ninth
Infantry; Henrx M. Fales. Twentv-tirst
Infantry, and Jennings B. Wilson, Seven
teenth Infantry.
Examination for Promotions.
Hutchinson was called, and after detail
ing his meeting with a blonde woman at.
the corner of Taylor and Post streets and
the Incidents leading up to the robbery
said that the woman, after taking M0 out
of his p&kets, suggested that the shorter
cf the two men should knock him on the
head .with the butt end of a revolver. In
cross-examination he said he had been in
the army and had asked for a pension on
the ground that his brain had been af
fected from attacks of catalepsy. He ad
mitted that his brain and eyesight hai
been affected by these attacks, but h«
had thoroughly recovered six months ago.
He continually contradicted himself,
showing that his memory was still defec
tive. He was positive that the defendant
was the woman decoy. The case will bs
resumed to-day. - • '-.
Tfce preliminary examination . of: Nettl«
Ryley on the charge of robbery was com
menced before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
She is the woman who is accused by
Archie Hutchinson of being the decoy for
the two footpads who robbed him on Post
street, near Leavenworth, on the night oi
March 14. The defendant waa represented
by Attorney Archie Campbell. 1
Eafore Judge Cabaniss.
man's Preliminary Examination
Archie Hutchinson Testifies at Wo-
CLAIMS NETTIE BYI^IY
HELPED TO ROB HIJI
from Genoa and Naoles.
GLASGOW — Arrived Mar 24 — Stmr Buenos
Ayrecn. from PhiladelDhla.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Mar 24 — Stmr Prlne
essln Victoria Louise, from New York via, Ma
deira, for Qenoa:- stmr Aller, from Naw York
for Naples and Gcnca.
ST. VINCENT— Sailed Mar. 23— Stmr Den
bighshire, from Tacoma and Montevideo for
Naples. \ ' •*• • v
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 2 1— Stmr Scotia.
Chas E Moody, from Chemainus for Adelaide.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Mar 23— Bktn Ha
waii, from New Whatcom.
ANTWERP— In nort Mar T— Fr bark St.
Donatlen, for San Francisco.
DEAJ^— Anchored Mar 21— Ger bark Antuco,
from Hamburcr.
PALMOUTH- Arrived Mar 22— Br bark
Bourkaki, from Orerron.
HONQKONO- Arrived prior to Mar 22 — Br
stmr Tang Tsze, from Clyde for Victoria.
MANILA— Arrived Mar 23— U S stmr Bu
ford, from New York.
SANTA ROSALIA— In DOif Mar 13— Qer shit
Ariadne, from Hamburg: Ger bark Antigone.
Br ship Thistlebank, Br ship Ben Lee. to
sail about Mar 26: Ger bark Alaterdam, dis
charging, chartered for Oregon.
MELBOURNE — Arrived Mar 23 — Schr lay
man D Foster, from Eureka.
LADTSMITH— Arrived Mar . 24— Br stmi
Victoria, hence Mar 20.
FIUME— Sailed Mar 5— Nor bark Mataura.
for San Franc!sco. •'- .".,•¦' :
ROTTERDAlft— In port Feb 21— Br ship
Holyrood. for Astoria.
ANTWERP — In port Feb 0 — Br ship Slleve
Roe, for Astoria.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Mar 23— Bark
Oregon, for Honolulu.
ST VINCENT— Sailed Mar 23— Br stmr Den
bighshire, for Narles.
VANCOUVER— Sailed Mar 24— Br stmr
Emprrs» of India for Hongkong.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Mar 23 — Stmr Curacao,
for S*n Francisco.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Mar 21 — Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Hongkong-, Shanghai and Nag
asaki, for Victoria and Vancouver, B C.
SAILORS ON THE FRENCH BARK REINE BLANCHE
TELL TALES OF BAD TREATMENT AND POOR FOOD
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, TUESpAY^ MARCH 23, 1902.
Four Frenchmen Sail.
Four French barks, the Marie Molinos,
Marthe Rouxe, Ville de Dijon and General
Keumayer, sailed together yesterday for
Queenstcwn. The captain of the Marthe Rouse
claims to have the fastest ship. The other
skippers have an equally cood opinion of their
own commands and an tnterestrtes race is
looked for.
Captain Commits Suicide.
A dispatch received yesterday by the Mer
chants' Exchange from Guaym. . reportr, the
suicide in that harbor of Captain Hooklemr.nt.
of the German bark Anticone. The captain
was in low spirits, Induced by continued III
health, and ended his troubles by Jumping
overboard from the deck of hts ship.
Reinsurance List.
Reinsurance on the French bark MacMahon
Policeman Henneberry had a hard tussle yes
terday morning: with a French sailor who had
been ordered to Frarfce for trial for desertion
and whose passage was booked on the French
bark General Neumayer. The prisoner deserted
a. French ship about a year ago. He was ar
r»«ed three weeks ago on a consular warrant.
Jit- did not seem to realize where he was
goins until he and Henneberry. who had him
in custody, reached Crowley's boathouse. He
fought the policeman from the boathouse to
the float and continued to light in spurts until
he was r>laced in irons in the forepeak of the
Neumayer, .'
Goes to France for Trial.
Inferno, with a badly commie-;
Bioned commissariat ; department. The
bark arrived here on -Sunday and an
chored off Vailejo street. The police sig
nal was hoisted yesterday morning, and
two of- Captain Dunleavy's men 'arrived
on board in. time to prevent Joseph Verne,
a sailor, from carving marks of his dis
pleasure upon the persons o£ the bark's
afterguard. Verne was taken ashore and
locked in a cell at the City Prison pend^
ing his examination on a charge of mu
tiny. :
Verne Is said to have refused duty thir
ty days out of Newcastle. He backed up
his refusal by trying to lick the mate. H«
was ironed, confined to a small room arid
dieted on bread and water until yester*
day, when he was relEa.-ed. He celebrated
his liberty by attempting- to stick, his
jack-knife into those responsible for his
confinement. - • ' . ••
Belaying pins and some active dodging
prevented the sailor from hurting any
thing but the ship's discipline until the
police arrived. Just as the representa
tives of the law climbed over the side a
well-aimed belaying pin struck Verne on
the head and made him a good, sailor lonsr
enough to enable the police to handcuff
him.
Five other sailors left the" ship. Among
them were two Americans, who declare
that although their ignorance of French
kept them out of the daily quarrels, they
never thought that Verne with his bread
and water diet had any the worse of the
food argument.
The officers say that everything was
peace on the Reine Blanche; that oniy
one man, Verne, had given any trouble;
that he was a natural-born mutineer and
would now be punished for his sins. As
for the food— well, what if there were a
few grubs in the hardtack. Grubs are
slothful creatures, easily detected and
captured without difficulty. And in hash,
who knows grubs from biscuit?
"Sailors are hard to please," said Cap
tain Loreau, "and you people on shore
must hot believe all they tell you."
The troubles of the Reine Blanche will
be ventilated before the French Consul.
ACCORDING to the sailors that
worked her from Newcastle, NV
S. W.. to this port, the .French
bark Reine Blanche is a iloating
TO SAIL.
Monday, March 24.
Stmr Edith, Hall. 95 hours from Seattle.
StSr Navarro. Devltt. 17 hoyrs from Caspar.
• JStmr Santa Cruz, NicoIsDn. 13 hours from
Bun^Mi&aw. Storrs, 02 hours from Ta-
C °Bktn Portland, aark, 0 days from Tacom a .
Schr Mildred, Klndlin, 0 days from Wlllapa
H Sc:hr r ' Onward. JorKenson, 4 days from Co-
Hacerup, 8 days from Grays
H Scbr r 'M»ry C. CamDb'ell. 10 hours from Bo
desa - ¦ CLEARED.
"'.• ¦ '¦'..-'¦ ':.'.' -'¦¦' - ¦ Monday, March 24.
Stmr Spokane. Gielow. San Dleeo; Goodall.
e shi l p Occidental, Lorentzen, Cooks i Inlet;
Geo E Plummer. '
Fr bark General Neumayer, Gautler, Queens-
o- w. Gai e ;
Schf Forester. Daewerits, Vancouver; San
ders/fc Kirchmann. sAILED :\
Monday, March 24.
Stmr Cella. Adler... Stewarts Point. . .
Stmr Crescent City. Payne. Crescent City.-
Stmr Spokane, Gielow, San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr South Coast. Dunham. Eureka.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. Portland.
Stmr North Fork. ; Fosen, Eureka.
ShiD Occidental, Lorentzen, Cooks Inlet.
Ship Centennial. Stannard. Cooks Inlet.
Fr bork Vllle de Dijon, Bony. Queenstown.
" Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Portland. •
Fr bark Marthe Roux, Gamier. Queenstown.
Fr bark Marie Molinos, Jan, Queenstown.
Fr bark General Neumayer, Gutter, Queena
°S!cnr Jas A Garfteld, McCarron, Eureka.
Schr Eliza Miller. Johnson. Coos Bay.
• Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper, Stewarts
"scn'r Mayflower. ¦ Gudmansen, Wlllapa Har-
b ° r> TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS — March 24, 10 p m — Weather
I clear* wind NW; velocity 20 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Mar 5_76 52 N 37 W, Br ship Falls of HaJ
ladale, from Oregon for Queenstown, and sup-'
plied with provisions. :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. COGS BAY. March 24— T,ug Charles Coun
selman, from Seattle for San Franeinco. put
' in to this port to repair her bilge pumps.
¦ Sailed Mar 24 — Stmr SiRnal. for • San Fran
i Cisco; schr Chas E Falk, for San Francisco.
• SE ATTLE — Arrived Mar 24 — Stmr J. S
Kimball, hence Mar 20. 23— Brig Tanner, fin
Honolulu;' stmr NewDort. from Petersburg;
Btmr Pleiades. fromsSan Francisco.
Sailed Mar 24 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
clscd; etmr John S Kimball. for Tacoma. ,
Sailed Mar 24. 10 a m— Stmr Projrreso, for
San FrancUco; 'stmr Meteori, for San Fran
cisco via Roche Harbor. . •
Ai rived Mar 24 — Stmr Newport," from Val
dep; stmr City of Seattle, from Skagway. ".
Sailed Mar 24— Stmr City of. Seattle, for
Skagrway. .. .:.
TACOMA — Arrived Mar 24 — Schr Metha Nel
son, ' Kr bark Grenada and . Br etmr Duke ' of
Fife; from Port- To wns»nd; Br bark. Grenada,
: from PiBanua: schr Metha Nelson, from Port
¦ Townsend.- v- • ~ ¦-.-. ¦ v . ' •
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Mar 23— Schr
Fan^y Dutard. from Ventura for Port Blakeley
in leaky condition. ' -
. CASPAR— Arrived Mar 24— Stmr Samoa, he
Mar 23. / ,
' Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
March 24, 1002.
Tho Time Ball en the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1 1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
n m ' Greenwich' mean time. \
p. m., oreen H STANDL|EYi
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
Time Ball.
7
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
, March 25. '
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendoclno City :; pm Pier 13
Eureka,., . . Hur^°!^ h - • — •••• 0 am Pier 13
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor" .*.... 4 pm Pier '•»
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier *>
State Cal. . San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland 5pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget- Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor . 5 pm|Pler 2
Pomona. .". . Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier n
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .- I 4 pmlPier •>
City Para.: Panama & Way Pt«|12 mlPMSs"
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pmlPler 10
March 29.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 5 pmjPler 2
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPler 10
Pt. Arena. . Point' Arena 2 pmlPier 2
Humboldt.. Skagwayvla Seattle 0 am|Pler 3
Peking...,. China & Japan.... 1 pm PSISS -
Alameda. . . Honolulu .v. ....... 2 pm Fler ¦ 7
Australia.. Tahiti direct '...;.. 10 am Pier 7
G. Elder. . . AsTOrla & Portland 11 am Pier 21
. March 3O.
8pokane.'. . San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Arcata.'. . . . Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12, m Pier l.{
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 6 pin Pier 2
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma;. C pm Pier 8
. Blnrch 31. • ... ; ¦
Bontta < Newport & Way Pts 0 am PJer 11
Rival...... *WUIapa Harbor ... 6 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier . 2
'. ..¦::. t .^ *. r .-.•April 1. •
Queen ' Puget Sound . Ports. 11 am Pl^r 9
Meteor. .... Seattle ¦ & Tacoma . | ...... |Ple r —
Steamer.
-I-
From.
Due.
Chehalis.... . San Pedro \r ar 9*
Phoenix Mendocino City Mar" '£
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Mar' 2^
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor ." Mar Z\
Folmlna Nanalmo MaT'
Alameda Honolulu '" Mar'^
Sequoia San Pedro * ' Mar 2fi
Rainier Seattle & Whateom. . ! ! Mar' "t\
Pomona Humboldt Ufar 2«
G. LIndauer.. Grays Harbor '." Mar'
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria ...'. Mar' *fl
Rival Willapa Harbor Mar 5?
Del Xorte Crescent City. . . • Mar' 27
Santa Monica Humboldt [ Mar 2*
Kyades...... Honolulu & Kahulul '.'.'. Mar' 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacotna . . . Mar' •>!
Point Arena. . Point Arena '. . . . Mar' 27
Coronado Grays Harbor ...... Mar' 27
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Mar" "7
Kewburg..:.' Grays Harbor iMar' 28
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports.. I Mar 2%
Queen Puget . Sound Ports ... I Mar' 28
Proereso Seattle :......... .Mar 28
Meteor.. Seattle v. Roche HarborlMar' ">S
Eureka. v Humboldt" ". ¦ m 9p ' to
Pleiades... ..Seattle " Mar 2fl
Lakme Portland & Astoria! '.'.'. Mar' 2»
Gaelic China & Japan Mar' 2'»
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports IMar' 2»
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ...: Mar 2')
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar' 30
North Fork . . Humboldt Mar SO
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar' 30
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria ' ' Mar' '11
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports! ] Mar! 31
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Apr' 1
Umatllla .....[ Puget Sound Ports . . \p r * i
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 28
Dlrlgo ' Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 2*
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. .10
Cottage City. SkRgway & Way Ports. Mar. HI
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Porti. Apr. ft
Al.Kl Skagway & Way Port*. Apr. R
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Port*. Apr. 6
O Time Tim* Time Tfme>
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
« H \V I* \X II W I* W*
23 OUG 5.4*0:10 1.0 12:55 4.0 6:22 1.7
20 0:40 ,V2 «:RS 0.0 1:4« 4.fl 0^6 S.I
2T 1:20 M 7:41 0.8 2:R» , 4.S 7:38 8,8
SS 1:02 4.8 8:28 0.8 3:29 4.0 8:12 2.S
2» 2'22 4 7 0:10 0.0 4:20 8.0 0:01 S.O
80 3:01 4.B 10:12 1.0 6:3:t 3.0 10:0»| S.O
31 5:50 4,3 11:00 1.1 0:35 4.0 11:1"! S.I
O Time Tim* Time Tfme>
* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
« H \V I* \X II W I* W*
23 OUG 5.4*0:10 1.0 12:55 4.0 6:22 1.7
20 0:40 ,V2 «:RS 0.0 1:4« 4.fl 0^6 S.I
2T 1:20 M 7:41 0.8 2:R» , 4.S 7:38 8,8
SS 1:02 4.8 8:28 0.8 3:29 4.0 8:12 2.S
2» 2'22 4 7 0:10 0.0 4:20 8.0 0:01 S.O
80 3:01 4.B 10:12 1.0 6:3:t 3.0 10:0»| S.O
31 5:50 4,3 11:00 1.1 0:35 4.0 11:1"! S.I
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 28
Dlrlgo ' Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 2*
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. .10
Cottage City. SkRgway & Way Ports. Mar. HI
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 4
Farallon Skagway & Way Porti. Apr. ft
Al.Kl Skagway & Way Port*. Apr. R
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Port*. Apr. 6
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
, March 25. '
Empire Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendoclno City :; pm Pier 13
Eureka,., . . Hur^°!^ h - • — •••• 0 am Pier 13
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor" .*.... 4 pm Pier '•»
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPier *>
State Cal. . San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier
Aberdeen.. Astoria & Portland 5pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget- Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
San Pedro. . Grays Harbor . 5 pm|Pler 2
Pomona. .". . Humboldt ......... 1 :30 p Pier n
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor .- I 4 pmlPier •>
City Para.: Panama & Way Pt«|12 mlPMSs"
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pmlPler 10
March 29.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 5 pmjPler 2
Colombia.. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mlPler 10
Pt. Arena. . Point' Arena 2 pmlPier 2
Humboldt.. Skagwayvla Seattle 0 am|Pler 3
Peking...,. China & Japan.... 1 pm PSISS -
Alameda. . . Honolulu .v. ....... 2 pm Fler ¦ 7
Australia.. Tahiti direct '...;.. 10 am Pier 7
G. Elder. . . AsTOrla & Portland 11 am Pier 21
. March 3O.
8pokane.'. . San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Arcata.'. . . . Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12, m Pier l.{
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 6 pin Pier 2
Czarina.... Seattle & Tacoma;. C pm Pier 8
. Blnrch 31. • ... ; ¦
Bontta < Newport & Way Pts 0 am PJer 11
Rival...... *WUIapa Harbor ... 6 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier . 2
'. ..¦::. t .^ *. r .-.•April 1. •
Queen ' Puget Sound . Ports. 11 am Pl^r 9
Meteor. .... Seattle ¦ & Tacoma . | ...... |Ple r —
Steamer.
-I-
From.
Due.
Chehalis.... . San Pedro \r ar 9*
Phoenix Mendocino City Mar" '£
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor Mar' 2^
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor ." Mar Z\
Folmlna Nanalmo MaT'
Alameda Honolulu '" Mar'^
Sequoia San Pedro * ' Mar 2fi
Rainier Seattle & Whateom. . ! ! Mar' "t\
Pomona Humboldt Ufar 2«
G. LIndauer.. Grays Harbor '." Mar'
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria ...'. Mar' *fl
Rival Willapa Harbor Mar 5?
Del Xorte Crescent City. . . • Mar' 27
Santa Monica Humboldt [ Mar 2*
Kyades...... Honolulu & Kahulul '.'.'. Mar' 27
Czarina Seattle & Tacotna . . . Mar' •>!
Point Arena. . Point Arena '. . . . Mar' 27
Coronado Grays Harbor ...... Mar' 27
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Mar" "7
Kewburg..:.' Grays Harbor iMar' 28
Bonlta....... Newport & Way Ports.. I Mar 2%
Queen Puget . Sound Ports ... I Mar' 28
Proereso Seattle :......... .Mar 28
Meteor.. Seattle v. Roche HarborlMar' ">S
Eureka. v Humboldt" ". ¦ m 9p ' to
Pleiades... ..Seattle " Mar 2fl
Lakme Portland & Astoria! '.'.'. Mar' 2»
Gaelic China & Japan Mar' 2'»
City Sydney. . Panama & Way Ports IMar' 2»
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ...: Mar 2')
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar' 30
North Fork . . Humboldt Mar SO
Curacao Mexican Ports Mar' 30
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria ' ' Mar' '11
Sierra. Sydney & Way Ports! ] Mar! 31
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar 31
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports Apr' 1
Umatllla .....[ Puget Sound Ports . . \p r * i
• - ADVERTISEMENTS; • -¦ ;- {'i^^^^J.
are both benefitted by
P^ra ANHEUSER-BUSCH'S -
jSBBtSBK^ The use of this food product brings
robust health to all. Malt-Nutrine
HH|^'|^gH|^B contains 14.60% genuine nutritive
extract and less than 2% of alcohol.
i^^^^S^&^^j Absolutely non«intoxicating and
lM^^^,j^^^g|j positively strengthening and invig*
l.Sk A "spabLS.?" 1 w m orating. Doctors recommend it.
A *«^^^}a°£l«t«' a druggists sell it. Prepared only bp
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
BjW^II^^SfflBrawS Ttrttsers of the famous Budweiser. Michelob,
Black 6 Tan. Pale-Lager. Faust. Anheuaer*
Standard, £.xport Pale and ZLxquisifo.
DRESSY PEOPLE.
People who want their linen to fit and
feel comfortable patronise the U. S. be-
cause our methods realize their wants to
the remotest degree.
Wo go to the utmost limit in securing
perfect cleanliness and Just the degree
of finish particular people demand. If we
can't please you no ono can, because no
one can take more pains than we do.
UNITED STATES~LAUNDRY ASSN.
Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O. •
Oakland Office— 54 Sari Pablo Avq,
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy,
Leave Market-street ' Ferry Depot.
~ | Local | Llm'd |Ovrl'd Local
I Qaily I Dally I Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 0:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 i>
*' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" VUalla... 3:39 p 0:00 a
•• Bakersnd. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:S0a
"Chicago 2:15 p 'J:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train Is the California Llm-
lt-d. carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
XMnlng Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation or
local Srst-class passengers. No vecond-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7 :l)5 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Freani
local. Corresponding' train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleep*™ and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:0u p. m.
7:20 a. m. is Bakerefleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
¦- offices — 641 Market street and in Kerry
. Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Vic Sausallta Ferry ,:.*.-
Commsnclng September 29,. 1001.. *>.*,
ttbOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLfcY
FROM -a. anb gAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 0:55. 8:30. •9:30. ll:0u a. m:,
•1^5 3-15. 4:15, 5:15, *G:\!>, «:45 p. m.
FXTKA TRIFS-Fcr Mill Valley and San
Ra'a^l en Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
"bu^dX&^W SbOt -10:00. .11:30 a.m..
•1-15 3-15M:45. 6:30. «J:30 p. m.
Tr !ir.B marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '5:25. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35, 10:10
a m -1--25 2:15, •3:35, 4:40. 6:S0 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays"
rnd* Saturday* at 0:45 and 9:55 d. m. -
SUVDAvS-fitlB. 'S: 00 ' '10:00.. "II :46 a. xr...
•1:40* «3:15. 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentin.
KIOMMILL VALLKY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. ti.45 7:55. S:55. 10:£0
a. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:00 6:10 p. m »
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12:05. 2:15,
2-30 0:00. 0:-*5 p. m.
vTT THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero > and way
stations. i
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. ¦¦*'.,'..'.-
6:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan. Mills and way
stations.
Fairfax, Sundays— 8:00, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30
'Legal Holiday boat* and train* will run on
Sunday time.
AMUSSMJEYTa. : -
PACKED AGAIN* U\ST NIGHT—
Continued Success of Cur 31000 Star.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In Sardou'a Strongest FUy,
"LA TOSCA."
The Mcst Talked of Play of the Age.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POULAR PRICES...... 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 73c
Qcod Orchestra Seats AH Matinees. *i3o.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
THIS WEEK and NEXT— LAST of
The Famous Musical Success.'
—-THE
MONDAY. April 7th. the Great
NEILSEN OPERA,
"The Fortune 1 eller."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 30c' and 73c.
Telephone Bush 9. 1 . -i.r.'r
STRENUOUS _VAUDEVILLE!
PAPINTA; FRANK LINCOLN;
SIMON, GARDNER AND CO.;
THE MELANI TRIO; GORMAN
AND KEPPLER; FANNY RICE;
HEDRIX AND
LES TROUBADOURS T0UL0U-
SIANS, AND THE BIOGRAPH.
WITH CALIFORNIA PICTURES.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 50c. |__
Powell Street, near Market.
OWING TO THE
ENORMOUS SUCCESS
rpijp LIKBLER & CO.'S
I fl H IMMENSE PRODUCTION.
* »**-!*••. Hall Calne's Great Play,
CHRISTIAN.
As John Stcrm (his original role). '¦
Assisted by ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quayle.
¦ ' There Will be Two
CPErlAI Sunday Night Performances. . .
2l CtlAL March 30 and April 6.
Ccming — The great Engilah actor, E. S. WIL-
¦ ¦ LARD. .
*^ayjir" i »****^""'^^^**^^^ c> v" " y * ¦ " "^ 21 j
iBr Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
• Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:ao, 1, 1:30, -2, 2:30 and 8 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping- at the entrance . to • th »
track. Last two cars on train reserved tor
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo' avenue
electric ' cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also, alt trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth'
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave- the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last
race. . -
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PKICE. Secy, and Mxr.
ALL THIS % W"EEK-MAT. SAT.
HO* DUN BROS. 1
Mamracth Mclodramatio Suc:«S3
DENVER
EXPRESS.
— ; SEATS READY
NEXT SUNDAY NN3HT.
*«•- G FIE 1 H
% GREATER MINSTKELS.
HHAT8 THUHSDAV.
Comlr-c— WILLJAM3 ANT> WALKER'S BIO
¦ • COMPANY.
. . ..d Xr tatss eity Hut
TO-X1GHT— ALL~TIIIS WEEK.
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Naval Drama Ever Wrtttea.
THEMAN.-O'-
WARSMAN.
AN ACTUAL NAVAL BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. Thrilling Situation*.
pDIfLC Evenisga 10c. 13c. 23c, S5c. 50c
1 AUL J Matlnwt 10c. 15c 25o
Next Week— "THE SLEEPING CITY."
OlV H SAT R a^4. p
Belasco & Thall, Jlcnasors.
. ..A GREAT HIT!
TO-NIGHT and AH Week— Last Nights.
The Brightest and Clsverest Comedy Tils Year,
SEE THE PHONOGRAPH THAT ACTS!
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
Ssats cr. Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 73c
Next Week— "BROTHER JOHN."
| FISCHER'S THEATER
CFarrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Siraeu. '
Telephone Main 231.
**"* fSflME OLD
EVER. I **TOR"V.
1 LITTLE CHRISTOPHER. \
A real "Drawer" ¦ __
And 'tha same enthusiasm ' .
The new things made — ¦ '•
.The usual hit here ¦
Remember our matinees. Saturday and Sunday.
Reserved seats, rdjht, 2oc and 50c
Matinees. '25c as you choose . i—
Children at matlne*s, only lCc—
And then comes ths great Weber & Fields
plays. With all the original people. Watch
for the announcement ¦ .
NORRIS & ROWE'S
Big Trained Animal
AT THE-^ —
MECHAKICV PAVIL'GH.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING AT
¦ 2:15 and 9:15.
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OLDSTERS. .
Kfln Performing Klin
DUU Animals, DuU
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c; Children, lto. ;,
Phone South 720 for Seat*
ADVERTISEMENTS.-
BB^S S \9 H^ yw
Positively cured by Ihcso
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue, Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO.
Troln* !«•«»•• hii.1 kit <t«« tm M rrl«« nt i
WAX FtUitlltKIO. j
(llain line. Foot of M»ri<ct Street) j
tlA-TE — Tr.OM TEBUCART 9. 18C3. — AKBtTI |
~:UOa Bciiicim. Sitisuu, Eimlrm and Stem- ¦
lueutii. 8^S»»- |
~:OOa V»e»»'.'.!e. Wiot»r«. UuineeT 7iS3* j
. tSVA Miriiwi. San Uain.iu. Vailejo. Ktpa.
<;»U.-!t<>fft ami HaiiM Knn «:23r !
8:O«a l>4Tis, Wnoiliaiid. KuiglitsLnidinj. [
MuriKiilif, oroiiiln 7s3S» j
8:<M»« Atiiutir. i:»i.re««-< »g;'.«-u and Kut H:X.1a
•»:«•« a L»thro,n, StocWton ":*»? !
•too a Mi--*, M«-i..U.ta, llaufurd. \ Isilia, •
ror«tT*iIle k-.. ««!»» |
»:SUa Sh»«t»i:xpirss-I>»Ti!i. WilJUmiffo*
liartiett .S;.rltipe:, Wiilova, UeU "
lilufl. rortlantL 7s5»» i
••38a Sun .loBi;, l.lttTjnoir, Stockton, !
lone. HacrainriiUi, I'lacrrrille, !
Marrstllle. CTilcti. KedlHuff 4:B3t
»:3o* OaliUlf. Chinese,8onor». Tnolumce 4:25r
!!::»«»» Hoyrranl. Xilrt aud W»y SUtiuiis.. 1 I :•"*•"»*
•:<t«a Vallrjo la«23t
•:««k Lw Ansales Exjiroe* — MarMtier-
1't-icj. l»tl.rop. rtUx-kiotl. SiiroJ i
' - rresno Rtiii Ijo* Ausrfee 7:.T3»
!»:3«'» V«:;,'i. , .--Inrtii-../. »•>¦; IVnj Stft!lcn« 7:^31 1
1 «i:«»A IIip Oferlaiul JJci.l!ed-Ociie:i, I.'ea. :
ter, Omaha. «.'!iicag'i S:S3» j
ll:(iflr Hnr:iiiii-Mt.. 1,'lrrr S.emn.-IK flltOOf
•:«•<•>• liiiilcla. \Vi:;trrB. Hacramrnto,
«V«MHllaud. KuUiiU 1-KiiUin*.
T.1«rjt.»lli.-. Oi. .(:!!» ln:Sn»
t:3Or I!uj-<t.iii1. M!<« ati<l \Tay Ktatlm-.*.. 7:23*
? :««r Mnuint-r, Stui lUnraii, Vr.Ilrjo.
:¦:«!•». 1~»flirll»< S,u.t> Km 9>S5 a
4iOi»r Nlles I/.tennore. Stockton. Ivo.ll I2:a5p
4t»Uf Haj-wanl. Kile*, Man Jme. l.iri ritiore 1*>:3ftA
«:St»pTii« ><v.i M.-niieu »- I r«-»i.i., T»:»rf.
lUl.t-ir Bt-M. Sai'f ::b for Santa itar<
bara, !.••» Auteloe 8:5.1»
CtOOp Port <Jot:», Tracy . LaU,ro;>. Btocltton I 11:23a
6t«UrM<rL!n't. Antiuch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Frann l»sas»
«:««F tlajrtnud, Nile* and Kan Joae ?i33a I
t«:Oo r Valifjn 11:23a
•tOorOrietiul .'!ati-<r»'m. I.'cr.rer,
Omiht, St. Louii.<?l:ic«en «iS3f
YiCOr <>rci((Mi atnl Oa'.il<iTi>l* lLi|>r<-ra,Hae- I
ruKoiitu. MaryKVitlti. IU-<t<1lns.
TortUii.t. r.nit-t lituiiA ami Rut Ct39* I
• '•»» Sk Fahlo. lVrt Coata. Martinrs !
at.d Way SUtiona lliSS* I
< t* tO%r Val'.H 7t»at
COAST LINE (N«rrou Uwf*).
(Fcx)t«>(M»rkctStrect.< '
•i I » A K cwurk.Orn ter» illr.^an .1 «»o, Triton,
ISou'.derCreak.haiitaUdixatidWay
btatiima SiSM
tm.il Br Krvam, C«iil»rtltl«, (San Jnaa, Nt»
Aln»a«u. l-ril.»n. it.uiMar «.'«.. k,
Baiita I'm aad l'rlucipal Wat
BlaUona loino*
«i!3r Newark, Han Jo**, I/MGato* tStB04
«9.t«r tlusten' TnJn-S*t\ Jot* aad W»r
BuUoc* t?.«f
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
m» r is ruic:sc!»-r*« «i uuin strctt (sh> ?h-
f.:lft IVOJ U.-OOA.M. 1:C9 1:09 til5r.«.
rrtaOltUna— r«tl*rBr*>««r.*.— t<i;00 'B.WJ tl:Or
lOoOt.M. HZZ I.P3 t.Zir.*.
COAST XilXB (Uros.1 (2««Kt).
(Third and Towtmi'J SU.)
' til** Bal JcM Hid Wtf MUUOtti......... «I««A
7iCUa Hau Jon >«il Way SlalUt.. <»<¦•*
/Tt««« Km* Ai" «J».. / «ila»
liNlUnit lto« Umitml — 8aa Joa*.
GUrey.-a«noa«, Har. Lul» OWipn,
BafiU llarbaia. 1«» Arjelr* wud
ttiikcipali&urmcdiat;iutlu«i.... lti<ri
•VOtA b»» .'»••. Trat tteot. HanU inn,
l'.rii.o f.iu».. balinaa. 6»n Lob
Vblape a.ud FnactiiaJ lutrricrAUit
BlatlutM «*!•»
UiUlSu Jceand Way KtaUoBt.. «!«•*,
I ltS«a ban Jua* and Way Ktatlwa »:«»a
imi«0y 8a» Uataa, Uedwood, Ueole Talk.
l'alo Alto. haDUOiara, Bait Jnaa,
TVaa l'iaoa, Sauta <*nm. Sailaaa,
Moutetey a»<t I'ad&e lire?* |IO:«i»
l.SOp ban.lo*eand Wtj Btatlana. IiHOf
?«:l»r 6auJoa«aii<thrii>ctpaJ Way Sutlm.t »it»F
*i0 »f Bcaaet Limited— Monday*. Wednr*.
Aaya, rnJi»«. for Lot Anffdea. El
FaM. Kew Orieasi aod X*w York.
Aniraa Bsodaya. Tasadaya aod
S^undaji 1 tilBa
|t«»«jf 8»n Jom, IiOa Gatoa and Mad>al
Way SUUooi 1*:«O.
¦lt*r Ban Juaa auJPHneipal Way Station. •>3«r
¦tiaipSan Joaeaud Way Stations "Ii3»#
tt—r Kew Orleaoa Ezprea — 8an Lota
Obifpo. Bauta Karbanw Ixa A»-
rele*. D«m!og. El Faao, New Or-
lewi* and E»*l „ IltS**
>llt<3r San Jo»e «yJ Way Station* 7ttw»
? (arUorntnr P for Aftenecm.
tftandty nerptei. J Sunday oalj.
/ Tuf»d«n anl TAitft,,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND HORN. PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6an Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thuredaya— Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra tripa
tt 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
FCNDAYS— 8 :00. »:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
8:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francis:o.
WEEK DATS— €:10. 7:60. »:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
tripa at 1:55 and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
5:O5. 6:25 p. m. ' '
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. IS. 19011 San FrmndBCO.
Week I Bun- j I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Degtinatlon | days. | X>ays.
7:30am 8:00aral Novato. 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 8:S0am| Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25a.a
6:10pm 6:00pm]Sar.ta. Roga. ":35pm 0:20pm
Fulton, J
. 7:30aJS Windsor. 10:25ai»
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40aza
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3-30r«n 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 0:20ptt
"7-30am 5:00pm Hop'.and 10:40am 10 :2.*>aio
3:30pm tt :00am and Uklah . 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30ass 10 :40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3 :T.Qpra 5:00pm C :20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40ana
and
C :10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7-30aml 8:00am! |10:40am|10 :25am
3:30pm! 5:00pm| SebastopoL 1 7:^pm| 6:20i>m
Etarea connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark Weil
Enrinra and White Sulphur Sprints; at Fultan
for AKruria: at Lytton lor Lytton Sprines: at
Geyservi!le for Ekaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
Iot the Geyser*; at HopJamd for Duncno
t-priftgs. Highland Sprins*. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda. Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
hcrlngs- at Uklah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga
Spr.nga' Clue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
tZrlnet.'. Upper Lake, ?omo. Potter Valley.
John Day'*. Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknel2«,
ear.hedrin Heights. Hull\1lle. Orr'a Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Weetport. Uaal.
W lilts La>tonville. Cummtns. Bell a Spring*.
Harru" Oleen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
<3U On Sunday" round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Ralael at half rate*
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
bU H d cf'WHITTXG. n. X. IITAN\
Gen. Manager. ' Gen. Pass. Agt.
j>jQUr^fAMAI.PAI3~^ILWAY
T^ave Via Saasalito Ferry Arnve
San Fran. Foot of M orket SL Sin Fran.
| l:l.Sp.| ' 5:55 P. >;;i-*V-
F»f». Caa FimcIw tr SobikK aaA Beam, ll.M.
Soact Officea, eu UXBSZZ STREET ad feirTaUJTO IXRS.X.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispeiisaiy,
GU9 EEAMT ST. Established
In ISM for the treatment of I'rivnWs
i»l«-ases. I»-t Manuood. Debility or
riisf-as^ wearinpon hodyand mind and
Skin DiuwtRCS. The Doctor cure* when
others fail. Try bira. rlinrtsrs low.
« r tir«-« tzunrnntrft. Call cr writ*
t»r. i.IT. *iLUSO3t. tsaa r.-anc ( £co. Crl _ -
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFTNESS OF SEALSKIN
Is Rivaled by Human Hair Whore
Dandruff la Eradicated. . ;
Sealskin Is admired the world over.. for
Its softness and glossiness; and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
when healthy; and tho radical cause of all
hair trouble is dandruff, which is caused
by a pestiferous parasite that saps the
vitality of the hair at its root. Newbro's
Herplcide is the only preparation that is
fatal toj!he dandruff germ. Without dan-
druff no falling hair, but a luxuriant
growth of glossy, soft hair is certain.
Scouring the scalp won't cure dandruff.
Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands of
women owe their .beautiful suits of hair
to Newbro's Herpiclde.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
For people unable to pay ordinary office
fees. • ; All operations performed • by graduate*
for tfce cost of .material. Teeth extracted free.
Open Sundays/and evenings. •
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
". 3" Taylor st., cor. Golden Gate aye.
DESIRABLE CORNER.
UN10R-ST. BUSINESS SECTION.
MODERN IMPROVEMENTS.
RENTS OVER ?1900 PER .YEAR.' PARTLY
LEASED.
PRICE $20,000.
This property will Increase in value when the
new car lines are in operation. "Pays 8\ p«r
cent net. ;--'. .>V
THOS. MAGEE/& SONS,
5 Kont^omer/ St.
Onf'i/^pk Desirable location,
1 iJldvG unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e q u ale d ser-
yHiifi vice and; "'modern
OllU conveniences are the
- ' ' : , -attributes that have
Iff* Of 1/1 made these ' two ho-
lllailU tels popular -with
•" ¦¦"¦¦ • v^* tourists' and travcl-
n nfalc ers who" visit San
lllflwiy Francisco.Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
prices 10c lower; No. 3 spring, wheat, ¦ 70%ffi
70%c; No. 2 red. 71@73c; No. 2 oats, 11%@12c-
No. 2 white, 48@45c: -No.. 3. white, 42@44e; No
2 rye, 56%@57c: fair to choice, malting barley'
U3@66c; No. 1 flaxseed ¦ $1 68; No. 1 North
western. $1 72; .prime timothy s;ed. - $6 85:
mess Dork, t>er- bbU; ' $15 85®15 90;' lard nor
100 Ibr.. ?9 40@9 62%: short riba sides ( loose)
$8 05@'S SO: dry salted shoulders. (boxed), 7U®
7%c: short clear- sides (boxed), - $f> 20(^9 30;
whisky, basis- of high wines, $1 30; clover,'
contract erade, $8 75. • .: .. • \ -, .
Articles — . , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....;..... .V 30,000 '. 16,000 '
Wheat, bushels ...'.'tl.noo ... 23.000 .
Corn, bushels -.. .138.000 ¦ 24,000 ¦
Oats, bushels ..151,000 . •'; 83.000 .•
Rye. . bushels '. . . . . ; . . . . . .' 1,000 < 3,000 - '
Barley, bushels .'...... ...31,000 . ,30,000! ;.
On the Produce Exchange (fhe Butter market
Nczu York Stock Market.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20©21 per
1 ton; ulliake Meal at the mill; $25@26; Jobbing.
$:j« 51K&27: Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn, Meal,
»2l>C'oO: Cracked Corn, $20 50@30 50; Mixed
Feed, $1(>©17 50; Cottonseed Meal. ?2« 50.
HAY — Wheat, $0@ll 50; Wheat ,and Oat,
$S 50@ll; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa, ?S@11;
Clover, $7@0; Volunteer, $0 50@S 50; Stock.
$<i$e> per ton. ' ' ...
' 'STRAW — 40@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds. •
. Beyond a slight decline In .whites, .which are
very weak, the market shows * no change.
Blackeye continues firm and scarce and Limas
weak.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 40®2 60: small White.
$2 75<g2 90; Large White, $2 35@2 60; Pea, $U 50
<aii; Pink. rMvj 20: Ked. *2 Z5&2 5l>: .HIhck
eye, $4 5O@4 75: Llmas, $4 15@l 35; Red Kid
neys, $:j 50®4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustaid, $2 60@2 65: Yel
low Mustard,, $3 25@3 60; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@llc; California. 10@10%c: Rape. l%if
2%c: Heron. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60@2; Green.' $1 50
®2; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. .
Conditions in the Potato market show " no
change. Choice Burbanks are ; firm and the
market, is active. Small Burbanks : for « seed
are "plentiful and weak. %he Puget Sound
steamer brought 356 sks Early Rose. from Van
couver.'-and this description was quoted firm.
One car of Sweets came In and sold readily
at an advance. New Potatoes were unchanged.
Prices on Onions arc unchanged, although
the market has' an easier tone, under liberal
offerings.. Two cars came In from Oregon and
one from. Nevada. . '¦ ... • :; .
Offering's- of second quality Asparagus met
with ready sale,\but fancy. stock was dull, as
prices asked . were too . high for the retailers.
The market was. weaker on all grades. Peas
and Rhubarb from. the bay came to hand too
late for the morning trade and dealers seized
the. opportunity, to clean up stock carried over
from Saturday. ' There, was- a limited demand
for shipping.-- which was quickly filled. A
large proportion. of the receipts of Peas "¦were
poor and prices were co.nsequently ; low. Toma
toes, are dragging and stocks continue plenti
ful.'.- ¦ ,'¦ ' ' . . ;..•¦ ¦¦'• ¦ ' .' ¦ . . J: •..,--,.... . .
Receipts were 300 bxs Asparagus, 480 .Rhu
barb.. 104 sks bay Peas and 172. sks and 58
bxs Vegetables from Los Angeles. ¦¦ '
• POTATOES — New Potatoes-. 2%@3%c per lb;
old;. $1 25® 1' 40 for Burbanks from the river:
Oregon , Burbanks, $1 35@1 75; Oregon Garnet
Chiles,. $1 40(ffil 50; River Reds. • $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose,' for peed, $1 60@l 75; small' Bur
banks, ¦ for seed, $1 20@l 40; Sweets, $1 75 for
Merceds. , '7 •.•'•. • ' ¦ 1 ¦
ONIONS— Oregons. $2@2 25 forithe best and
$1 7o®2 for lower grades : Nevada, $2 30®
2 85: Australian, $3 25@3 75; Green Onions,
50(SC5c per bcx.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. : extra fancy,
14g>15c per lb.M0®12%ofor No. land 7@9c
for No. 2: Rhubarb,. 75c@$l 60- per box; Green
Peas, from Los Angeles, 2@3%c; Bay
Peas. 3®4c; String Beans, from Los Ange
les, 15@20c: Cabbage, 40c per ctl; Los Angeles
.Tomatoes, 75cg?l 25 per box- and 75c®$l 25
•pbr « crate;- Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per
box", . including .repacked; Dried Pepper*. 10®
lie per lb; Los Angeles do. 13@17%c; Dried
Okra.- 12%@20c per lb; Carrots, 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c@$l per dozen'
for .small and $1 60@2 for large; Garlic,- 1%@
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers, . 12%@loc;
Mexican do. 10®12%c; Egg Plant from-Los An
gelea, 30c; Summer Squash, -from Los Angeles.
$1 75; Marrowfat Squash,. $10015 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $10@15; Mushrooms, nominal.
Poultry and Game.
The car of Eastern Poultry which arrived
Saturday was placed on the market yesterday
and' readily disposed of.' One more car will
be placed on the 'market to-day. The receipts
of California Poultry were insignificant and
the demand ""f or all "descriptions was steady.
Owing to the light receipts Game cleaned up
readily and White Geese were quoted higher,
•Only, 29 sacks came- in.--
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
brers and 15®16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
?1 fi0@l 75; Ooslings. $2 25CT2 50; Ducks. $5
@5 50 for old and $7@S for young; Hens. $4 50
$6; young Roosters. $e@7 50; old Roosters, i
?4 2504 60; Fryers, $5<&5 50; Broilers, $4 50
(85 for large and $3@4 for small; Pigeons,
$1 50 per dozen for old and $2 75@3 for
Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1@1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese. $2 50
@3; White Geese, $1@1 25: Brant/ $1©2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe,- $3@3 50;
Jack Snipe, $1 50@2. ,....-,-. .,-'
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
The Butter market • continued weak* and th*.
Exchange, after a j long discussion, reduced
prices" to 1 SQ 20c for creameries and 17@19c
for dairies, quoting, store at 10c.; It was hoped
that this reduciion would 'result. in a shipping
demand for the north, as the Butter Is com
ing in heavily and must be moved somehow.
Most dealersr report .: larger stocks than they
can handle. •?. ¦ * '¦ . • - - - : • , ¦•-'.' -
' There is no change In Cheese.
Eggs are weak and it takes a fine selected
article to bring over', 15c, and any advance
over this figure ¦ for round lots generally car
ries delivery with it,- which is at least %u
per dozen. Dealers are storing, what they can
not sell, and by this means are keeping their
floors from getting congested. 5
Receipts were 38,700 pounds and 10 tubs of
Butter, 1634 cases of Eggs, 12,250 pounds of
California Cheese, pounds of J Oregon
Cheese and ' pounds of Eastern Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 21c per pound for
fancy, 20c for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy, 17@19c; store Butter, 16<gl7c per
CHEESE— New, 0%©10%c; old, 0311c;
Young America, S@10c; Eastern, lU@15c per
pound. ;
EGGS — Ranch, 15 Vl.@lCc for selected largo
and 14%<S>l5c for good to choice; store, 13V-$l>
14 %c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
At the auction yesterday 8 cars, consisting
chiefly of Oranges, were offered and met with
ready sale at the following prices : Fancy
Navels. $1 60@2 50; choice do. $1 35®2 20;
standard do, $1 00©$l 80; choice Seedlinga,
$1 10@l 30. Standard Lemons sold at $1 15®
1 25 per box. In the open market all grades
of Oranges were quoted steady at the appear
ing quotations. Lemons and Limes were un
changed and Grape Fruit was in plentiful sup
ply and slow. : . ,. ... .
Twp cars of New Orleans Bananas were re
ceived and sold easily at the quotations. .
The movement in Apples continues steady
at sustained prices. . • ;
APPLES— $2@2 50 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 75 lor good to choice and 60c@$l for ordi
nary.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 90c@$l 50
for standard, $1 50@2 for choice and $1!@2 75
for fancy; extra fancy, $U; Seedlings, $lfc«
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75cS$l and
$1 25@1 60 In half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for
common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
$2®2 75 for fancy: Grape Fruit, ?l@o; Mexi
can Limes. $4 50@5: Bananas. $12502 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples,' $3@4 per dozen. '
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins^
According to the Pacific Coast advices of
the New. York Journal of Commerce," ."the
total exports of Prunes from California dur
ing January were 4,800,000 pounds — 160 car
loads. The report for February has not yet
been received, but will undoubtedly aggregate
a satisfactory quantity, inasmuch - as ship
ments were, continually going forward during
that month as well as during the early portion
of March. \ The quantity remaining on the
Coast from the 1900 crop February 1 was
V. 000, 000 pounds, and possibly 4,500,000 pounds
cf small prunes, 120s and up, belonging to the
Kmall prune syndicates. There, are now only
about 15,000,000 pounds of prunes on the Coast,
of which nearly one-third are small prunes of
the 1000 crop, to meet- the requirements of
exporters and the | natural consumptive de
mand during the next thrte moriths."
FRUITS— Apricots, 94fllc for Royals . and
ioai3c for standard 'to fancy. Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples 8@9c; dried. 5c
PHI7KES— 1U01 crop are quoted as follows •
SO 4(TS 6©BKc: 40-50's. 4%@5%c; 50-Wi Tw
04%c*"CO-7O'l 3%04%c: 70-SO's, 3i / 403%c; 50-
UO's 2%@3%c: °°- 100 s - 2%@2%cper lb. •
RATSINS— Seeded. 3-crown.; 8c ;- 2-crown.. 6%
ffHTK'-'- Loose Muecatels. 6%c f or. s 4-crojvn ' and
sue for seedless: 3-crown. 0c; 2-crown. 5%c:
SeeJless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and jA
lyTofor bleached: Clusters-Imperials, $3;.De^
neia. $2^50; Fancy. $1 75; ; London -Layers,
$1 Nufs-^Chestnut8, ll@12c; Walnuts, No.. 1
« n «Bhell 9%@10c; No.; 2. 8@S%c; No.-l hard
shell 0c- Na 2. 7c: Almonds. 10>6@12c for
paper-shell, 9I71"c fojr softshell and 6<S7c for
hardshell: Peanuts. 5@.c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts? 12@12%c; . Filbert... 12O12J4C; Pecans* *"
«ii1c* Cocoanuts, $3 50@». • • .
HONEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for Hsht amber; water .white- extracted. 6®
6c; light amber -extracted. 4@5c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27% (g29c per 1b.'
Provisions.
Chicago was considerably higher, the rise
being the most pronounced for some. time, while
offerings were very light. This Western firm-
Eastern: sugar-cured l Hams ' { J^9W\ic; ; Califorl
nla Hams, ll%@12%c: Mess : Beef,, $9 50©10
per barrel: extra Mes«, $10 50^11; Family
.$11 50^12: Prime Me« Pork $15; extra clikV,
£22 50@23: . Mess, $18 50019; Smoked Beef
13'4©14c per lb. ¦ '.. % . ; ... ' . •
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compoimTand 10%@llc for pure J h.'"bi?re'"
pure, ll%c: 10-lb tlns.,ll%c; 6-lb tins/ llftc
3-lb tlns.-H%e. z-> ¦-. - - . .
• COTTOLENE— One . half-barrel, 9%c; thrae
The leading futures ranged as follows
CHICAGO. March 24. — There was continued
heavy liquidation in wheat at the opening 011
the .strength of the weather "conditions. It
seemed that every portion of the winter wheat
country had received its share of rainfall and
everything favored crop growth. Statistics
were bearlshly inclined and traders were in a
guessing mood. The seaboard reported addi
tional exports Saturday and ten loads early to
day. Speculators were inclined to the belief
that there should.be a natural reaction after
Saturday's extreme weakness ' and shorts
sought cover in large numbers. Cables were
weaker, but not enouch so to 1 make bulls . ap
prehensive. The general situation had changed
little, but big local traders and commission
houses were Inclined to the buying- side on the
argument that wheat was on a new basis and
would see marked activity. Trade in general
was heavy and the tone for some time nerv
ous. In the end the buying side -showed th?
most strencth. May opened" %@%c lower at
71%c to 71%c, dipped to 71%c on the heavy
eellins, reacted to 72%c, fluctuated nervously,
sold up to 72%c and closed firm, %@%c high
er, at 72%@72%c. ¦ •
Corn had the largest trade in many days.
Speculation was mixed and nervous and the
pit at all times was crowded. The opening
was weak and lower, but the crowd . covered
and berran to take the bull side. , . For sijme
time it was hard to tell which way the mar
ket was going. Near the close outside buying
orders came in and Mav closed with .a firm
tone. Vs@%c higher, at 58%@58%c. ••
Trade in oats was not important and follow
ed other grains. May closed %c up at 42%c.
. Provisions were off a little at the opening,
but there soon sprang up a good commission
house demand, supposed to be for packers' ac
count, and the cash business was much Im
proved. ¦ May pork closed strong, 35c higher*
lard, 20@22%c up and ribs 20@22%c higher.
. - Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 00 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight... — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%'
New York Exchange, sight — 07Vi
New York Exchange,- telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — -, 45 j-i
Wheat and Other Grains.
, WHEAT— Chicago was. a fraction or so high
er, with 'more buyers . than sellers and cash
houses buying. The 'weather In -the West and
Southwest was showery and the shprt3 were
inclined to take their profits. The general
opinion was that the decline had been over
done, and ' the market became firm, but it had '
little or no outside support and the St. Louis
bears broke out again as big sellers of both
wheat and corn. The export business was quiet
er. It was very large during the closing days of
last week." and most of the long wheat ac
cumulated during the dry. weather scare was
liquidated "and' went into new hands. New
York also reported less export demand, at
slight . concessions from. Saturday's lowest
price. , : . ¦ '¦ . rv' ¦--.-•¦. ¦; ¦' .
The American visible supply decreased 1,049,-
CCO bushels. • The world's shipments for the
week were as follows, In quarters: Russian,
105,000; Danubtan, 64,000; Argentine, 148.000;
Indian, 28,000; Australian, 55,000. ;
This market' was quiet." with a decline in
shipping 'giades. Rather . more country wheat
Is coming out. but the movement is still small.
.Futures are dull. . -¦¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 10; . milling.
$1 11%@1 13% per ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
2000 ctls. $1 07%. . • . ¦ . - . •
Second Session — No sales. • '
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls,r$l 07%. . . . . •
¦ •Afternoon. ' Session— December— 2000 o'.l*.,
$1 07%.
. BARLEY— An active outside demand for
shipment gave the market increased tone, and
dealers ..were disposed, to ' ask higher prices.
In. fact, most of them , asked 96%c for choice
bright Feed, but no sales at this figure vere
reported. Futures were dull.
Feed, 95c for No. 1 and 02%c for off grades;
brewing and shipping grades, 07%'c@$l; Cheva
lier, 95c®$l 20 per ctl. • . , ' 3 •
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales. '
Second Session — No sales. - .
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales. |
OATS— Continue quiet and unchanged;
Gray3, $lv30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40fci 45; black; $1 12%&jii 22% tve
teed and $1 22%©1 32 % for seed: red. $1 30<a
1 42% per ctl. . . ... . - -
¦ CORN — Chicago was active, with the Gates
crowd still big buyers and St Louis bears big
sellei s. The market declined from 06XL - 10
57 •'He /and recovered to 58 %c.
There was nothing new in this market.
Large ifellow, $1 35@1 50: small : round do
$1 35®1 GO; white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
•RYE— Quotable at 02%©95c per ctl.
'BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at *1 65@1 75 per
Ctl. ¦- ' *
: Flour, and Millstuffs.
¦ FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50O
3 75, usual. terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40® 3 60;
Oregon, $2 75®3 25 per barrel for family and
>3«j3 60 tor Bakers'; Washington Bakers',- $3^
o 50. * - \' ' ' • ' ' ' '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to , the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per . 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; R ye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats,- $5; Hominy
*4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, ?4®4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 S5®S 35;
In sacks. $6 50@S; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peaa
$5; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
' '.. Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay, continues .weak at "the. recent" decline.
Bran rules firm, but prices are no higher. • The
other 1 descriptions are featureless. ; • ; *
;v-BRAN — $15@lG.per ton. ' . [
. • MIDDL1NCS-$17 50©iy CO' per .ton. •»
-,..-.¦ ¦ ........ • •
Business in local stocks and bonds was very
quiet on. the morning sessions, and prices
showed no changes worthy of note.
In the afternoon Hawaiian Commercial sold
at $31@32. against $37 bid. $40 asked, for the
stock Oil Saturday. There was a sale of Secu
rity Savings Bank at $340.
The following quotations for United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received from New
York yesterday by Bolton. De Ruyter & Co -
Common stock, $23 12 K; preferred. $61 50®
61 75: 4 per cent bonds, $S9@90; subscriptions
$101 25@101 37%.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. March 24—2 p. m.
. ¦ UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid Ask.
¦4s qr coup... 112 113 4s qr c (new)139%139%
4s qr reg... Ill 111^ ' 3s qr coup. ..109% 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co." 76%103 Oc SS Co 5s 10*>
Bay CPC 5s.. 107% — ' Ombus C 6s. 131 135V
Cal-st 5s.... 116% — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk&C H 6s.. 107 —
Ed L&P 6s.. j- — Pk&O R 68..117 120
Fer&C H 6s. 116 — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st 5s.. _-. _ Sac EOK 6s 10Q
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV5S.12.1 124%
Do 6s. — 99 Sierra Cal6s. 105^110
L Ang R 58.121 — S P of A 6s "
LALC06S. — — (1909) ....113 113%
Do gtd Cs. — — (1010) 114% ™
Do gtd 6s. — 108% S P of Cal Cs
L A & P £ S }!£ 1M <l»05)Sr A.109U109U
Do lem 6s.U9% — (1912) 122%
NRofC6s.lU%— S P of C 1st
Do Cs. 123^ — c gntd 53..120
N Pac C Gs. 109H — Do stmpd.lllst __
N Cal R 6s. 112% — . SP Br Cal6s.l40U —
Oak Gas 6s.ll2 114 S V Wat 6s 111 lTTst
Oak Trn 6s. 123^123% Do 4 S .. J03 _**
Do 1st c5s. — 112% Do 4s 3dm 102U
Oak W G 6s. — 104 Stkn G&EOs 10* 104
¦.'.." WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76 78 [Port Costa. 63U an
Marin Co ... 60 — (Spring Val.. 91% 9114
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 2% — Pac Light.. 4V
Eqt G L Co. 3%, Z% Sac E G&RS 25 31
Mutual — 5 SFG&E-.2I
0 G L & H.. 66% 57 S. F G L Co.* SXi Kv
Pac G Imp.. 35% 3C JStktn G & E 8 __ %
INSURANCE.
Firem'B Fnd. — 275 J
' . BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 89% 90% LP&a 188 ita
California . . .422H — Mr Ex (1 & ifu —
Cal Safe Dp. 117% — S F Natlonl.1372'
First Natlonl — — < "' ii —
.; f SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1990 — Sav & Loan — ion
Humboldt . ; . — Security Sav ain
M F tU |iv S u::5ii = Union Trust: _ 2200
. " ' ' STREET RAILROADS.
California ..'¦— 175 Market .... 100 __
Geary — — Presidio 40
POWDER.
Giant 70% 80% Vlgorlt ....._ 1 a - :
SUGAR.
Haca ... ,3% 3% Kilauea .... ft
Hawaiian ... 32 — Makawell ... 22U 24
Honokaa 10 11 Onomea .. Si
Hutchlnson .11 — Paauhau . .*. '. — to
, MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.lCO 161 IPac A F A iv
Cal Fruit As.100 101 Pac C Borx*165 ~
Cal Wine As. — 100 Par Paint. . . IS ~~ -
Oceanic S Co 35% 36%| ¦•"*. ~
.-.- - '_ Mornlnr Session.
Board —
• 35 Alaska Packers' Assn......... i«m m
v 40 Giant Powder Con " -i 2£
25 Hutchlnson S P Co.. ....... ,'? ij>
.20 SK Gas & Electric Co..... \\ VS.,
110 S'F Gas &. Electric Co..... '"11 }£&
•-.-¦¦•-••¦'.: Street — • • • • « 00
$2000 Oakland Transit Co 6s.... 1O o ,„.,
$10,000 S P of Arizona (1910) ... ir? h;6
I10.0C0 S P Cal 1st Con 5 g (stamped) !!lll 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1 55 California Fruit Canners . )n » „,,
20 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar t? 21.
. 2O Hawaiian Coml & Sujrar -""*" *»r ™
' 10 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar "£ JX
250 Hutchinson 8 P.Co Vf
25 Hutchlnson S P Co »••.••• ii w
$2000 Los Angeles Ry. 5«..... ..""¦' \l\ h*
$2000 N P C R R 5s ..i!"" i&
MONDAY, March 24.
George H. Palmer to Susan C. Palmer (wife).
Ipt on E line of Van Ness avenue, 31 S of
Bush street, S 40 by E 84; gift.
Owen and Rose McCovey.to Johanna Behr
endt (vlfe of V. Behrendt), lot on SE corner
of > Union and Fillmore streets, S 34 by K
87:6; $10.
Valentine Behrendt to same, same; gift.
T. Helen and William Van Alen to R. K.
Hazleton, lot on S line of Vallejo street. 102:0
E of Steiner, E 55 by S 137:6; $10.
Patrick Crotty to> William F. O'Brien, lot on
NE corner of Ellis and Pierce streets. £ 40 by
N 87:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
Blanche M. and A. C. Rykert to John A.
Hooper, lot on X line of Vallejo street, 137: tt
E of Devlsadero, E 103:1% by N 137 :«; $10.
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Thomas F.
Parkinson, lot on E line of Clayton street,
87:6 N of Halght, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Same to Mary I. Parkinson (single), lot on,
E line of Clayton street. Ill 1 : 6 N of Haight,
N 25 by E 100; $10. 1
William H. Jordan to Henry Rosenfeld, lot
en NW corner of Jackson and Spruce streets.
N 127:8% by W 80; $10.
Mary Ellen Egan (widow) to Emma Cad
well (widow). Frances Breslm (wlfa of Oweo
Breslin), Kathexine Glttlngs. Alice Wood. An
nie Matrln. J.. John J. and Nellie Egan. lot
on NW line of Bryant street. 100 SW or, Ninth,
SW 28 by NW 85; also property outside of Um
county; sift.
A. D. Carvin to Peter D. Sherman, lot on
5 line of Army street, 63:2 W of Castro, W
60 by S 114; $75.
Martin Sachs Company (corporation) to Mer
cantile Trust Company (corporation), lot oa B
line of Stockton street. 155 S of Sutter. S
61:5 by E 100; also any equity first party may
have In rear of above: $10.
Arthur and Elizabeth A. Rodgers to same,
lot on NE corner of Post and Stockton streets.
N 47:2 by E 80; $10.
Owen M. Brennan to same, lot on B line
of Stockton street. 47:2 N of Post, N 23:5%,
by E 80; $10.
August and, Rachel Gilbert to Giovanni and
Giuseppe Arata, lot on E line of Powell street.
68:9 N from Francisco. N 23:9 by E 91:8; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Powell street.
91 :« N from Francisco, N 3 by E 91:8, quit
claim deed; $5.
Charles and Caterena Rossi to Giuseppe F.
Ertola. undivided one-half of lot on N line of
Greenwich street, 137:6 E from Powell. B
34:4% by N 137:6; $10.
Richard Nichols to William Fries. lot on 8
line of Bay street, 91:8 B from Taylor, E 22:11
by 3 60: $10.
Michael Sweeney (by John A. Grennan. com
missioner) to Hlbernla Savings and Loan Soci
ety, lot on SE line of Louisa street. 403:1 NB
from Fourth, NE 19:2 by SE 69; $1428,
Thomas Magee to William E. Gerber. lot on
SE line of Stevenson street, 78 NE from Sixth,
NE 24 by SE 70; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to Fannie P. Farnsworth.
lot on SE line of Brannan street, 137:6 NE
from Sixth. NE 137:8 by SE 250; $10. . .
R. Dunsmuir's Sons & Co. (corporation) to
Gideon M. Freeman, lot on SE line of Natoxna
street, 125 SW from Sixth, SW 25 by SE 75;
$10. . -.¦¦•¦-
Richard A. and Emma G. McLaughUn to
Hans Wulff. lot on E line of Fourth avenue.
225 S from California street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Patrick Crotty to Margaret O'Brien, lot on
SW corner of Ninth avenue and K street. W
32:6 by S 100; also lot on W line of Ninth ave
nue, 125 S from K street, S 60 by. W 120, quit
claim deed: $ .
George C. and Ella H. Edwards to Louise
Stevens (wife of W. M.), lot on E line of Elev
enth avenue, 225 S from. O street, S 25 by E
120; $10.
Charles Easton to Jane Easton. lot on S cor
ner of London street and Italy avenue, SE ICO
by SW 150. lot 1, block 8. Excelsior Homestead;
gift.
Builders' Contracts.
A. B. Knox (owner) with L. A. and C. J.
Wern (contractors), architect August Noran—
All work except plumbing, painting, grading,
elevator, mantels, shades and gas fixtures for
a three-story and basement frame building on
lot on W line of Valencia street, 101 :B N of
Twentieth. N 25 by W 100. M B 72; $6340.
. Gertrude S. Bowers (owner) with Bletch £
Lansing .(contractors), plans by owner — All
work for a two-story frame dwelling com
mencing at a point 10O E of Locust and 127:8%
N of Jackson street. E 37:6. N to Presidio
reservation. SW 38. S to beginning; $42C0.
Conrad Hlrt (owner) with A. -Klahn (con
tractor), architect All work for a two
story frame building' (two flats) on lot on 9
line of Day- street. 130 W of Sanchez. W 3ft
by S 114: $200O.
F. C. Mortimer (owner) with J. M. ltot>e!t
son (contractor), plans by owner — All work f.x
cept brick veneer, mantel and filling at front
for a two-story and rough basement frame cot
tage, concrete foundation, on lot 17, block F
Sunset Heights: $2300. . i»oc* r.
Mutual Savings Hank (owners) with ConMn
6 Roberts (contractors). William Curlett archi
tect — Terra cotta tile roofing. Including all
cement work under roofing and all, copper
roofing for a ten-story and basement fireproof
building on lot on 8 line of Geary street .".o':ti
W of Kearny. W 73:10%. S 38:2 T i SE flij-SW
UK K:0K. N 50:0ft; $11,950. .7?
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
NEW YORK, March 24.— FLOUR— Receipts,
37.2C0 barrels; exports, 14,090; dull and irreg
ular; closing steadier with wheat.
WHEAT — Receipts, 81,700 bushels; exports,
127.335- bushels; spot,- firm. - -No* -2-red, -84%c
elevator; No. 2 red, 869ic f. o. b., afloat; ,No.
1 Northern Duluth. 81%c f. o. b., afloat. Early
weakness and a later recovery were the fea
tures to-day. The afternoon rally was prompt
ed . by covering, better cables, less . favorable
crop rumors and strength in coarse grains. \ The
close was firm at %o net - advance. ¦ March
closed at 78%c; •• May, 77%@77 9-16e, -closed*
75%c; July closed at 7S%c; September, • 77%@
78%c, closed 7SV»c. ...
HOPS— Firm. .
HIDES— Quiet. , • . '
WOOL— Firm. . - . - »
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull. No. ' 7 Invoice,
5 11-lOc. Mild, quiet. ' Cordova, S@12c. Fu
tures closed net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales, 4250 bags. Including: April, $5 20;
September, $5 70; December, 55 95.
SUGAR — Raw, firm. Fair refining, 3c;,cen
trifugal, 90 test, 3%c; molasses susar, 2%c.
Refined is regular.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, March 24. — Evaporated apples
remained quiet and steady, with Jobbers taking
small lots of prime to choice. Prices showed no
change. State and common to good, 7@S%c;
prime, OSO'Ac: choice, 0%@10c; fancy, 10@12c.
A limited Jobbing interest was- shown' for
prunes and prices were steady for large sizes.
Small sizes were a little easier and might be
held for less than quoted. .- ...
Apricots and peaches were steady in tone,
with a good business noted at quotations.
Firmness was noted In fancy grades of both.
PRUNES— 3%@7c. , . • .
APRICOTS— Koyal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 11%
@12%c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
$3000 S P of Arlaona (1009) 113 25
35 S V Water 81 25
?'£; Street—
10 Giant Powder Con 79 75
5 Security Sav Bank 340 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlnz Session.
Board—
500 Monarch of Arizona IT
1350 Occidental of W Va 19
600 Oil City Petroleum 19
100 Sterling 1 22%4
400 Sterling 125
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1000 Cala-Standard 17
2350 Monarch of Arizona 17
100 Oil City Petroleum IS
600 Petroleum Center 07
200. Sterling 1 27H
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
' Morning Session.
• 700 Best & Belch 261 600 Ophlr. b 60. .1 05
100 Caledonia ... 4Si 900 Overman 1<>
100 Chollar 12; 500 Potosl •... 13
200 Chollar 13 200 Sierra N«v. . . 25
100 Crown Point.. C5 200 Silver Hill .. 57
500 Gould & Cur 10 100 Silver Hill •• B«
200 Hale & Norcs 28 100 Silver Hill .. Bl
600 Mexican ..... !»9 400 Silver Hill .. K5
100 Mexican 48 100 Vnlon Con .. 2«
600 Mexican, b 30 49 600 Utah .08
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch 27 50O Mexican 52
200 Caledonia ... .53 300 Overman .... 10
100 Con C & Va.l 35 200 Sierra Nev... 2«
900 Gould & Cur 10 300 Silver Hill .. 69
1400 Justice . 09
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch 27 200 Mexican P2
200 Caledonia ... 60 500 Mexican .....*>..
3C0 Challenge Con 17 600 Ophtr 1 02%
700 Chollar 13 f 00 Oph r ..105
250 Con C & V.I 32% 400 Ophlr 1 07Vj
300 Gould & Cur 1Q 150 Ophlr 1 10
200 Justice 0J> 600 Overman .... 10
600 Mexican 48 50O Sierra. Nev . . 25
700 Mexican 49 600 Sierra Nev .. 2tt
600 Mexican 60 300 Union Con .. 27
600 Mexican 51 600 Union Con .. 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia ... . 152: 100 Ophlr 1 07U
200 Con C & V.I 32% 300 Ophlr 1 05
400 Gould & Cur 10 200 Potosl 15
6OO Gould & Cur 11 200 Sierra Nev... 26
200 Justice 09 100 Yellow Jacket 1»
100 Mexican 52 200 Yellow Jacket 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha, ....... 02 03 Justice 09 10
Alta 04 06 Kentuck .... 01 02
Andes .04 05 Lady Wash.. — C4
Belcher 1 '06 07 Mexican 51 52
Best & Belch 26 27 Occidental ..08 10
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 05 1 In
Caledonia ... 63 65 Overman .... 10 11
Challenge Con 22 23 Potosl 14 15
Chollar 12 13 Sai-age 06 07
Confidence -.68 71 Scorpion — 04.
Con C & Va.l 30 1 35 Seg Bercher. 02 Ki
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 28 2!>
Con NY 02 — Silver Hill ..58 60
Crown Point. 05 08 St. Louis .... OG , 10
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate .... — 06
Exchequer .. 01 02 Union Con ..28 30
Gould & Cur. 10 11 Utah 06 07
Hale & Nor. 27 23 Yellow Jacket 20 21
Julia — 04
pressed on account of a fear that the Ana
conda, dividend to be acted upon this week will
not be maintained. , There was an active spec
ulation In the United States Leather stocks at
advances of a point or more, accompanied . by
reports, subsequently circulated, that the Ac
cumulated dividends due on the preferred stock
were to be funded into a bond. \ Louisville and
Nashville and Chicago, Indianapolis and Louis
ville ro^e together in the later trading, thus
reviving- the old rumors of a combination. Out
side of these cases the market' was uneven and
very Irregular. Colorado . Fuel and Iron was
active and erratic, ranging both above and be
low Saturday's price and closing with a net
gain of a point. Soothing assurances were
heard that the condition of the money market
wai perfectly safe, but it is yet felt that there
is daneer of flurries in the money market in
case sterling exchange again hardens toward
the gold export point. The • market closed
heavy.
The bond market was irregular. Total sales,
par value, $1,720,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call. \
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares — ¦ ¦ High. Low. Close.
Atchison 11.700 78% 77% 78
Atchison pfd 7,600 97%- 97% 97%
Bait & Ohio... 8,400 107% 106Vi 1<>6%
Bait & OWo pfd., . 100 95>4 95% 95
Canadian Pacific... 800 115ft 115% 115%
Canada Southern.. 1,300 87% 87% 87%
Ches & Ohio....... 1.800 45% 45% 45%
Chicago & Alton.. 300 36% 36 30
Chi Ind & Louis... 12,100 C7% C5% G7M
Chi Ind & L pfd... 100 79 J4 79V* 79
Chi & East 111 '200 160 160 159%
Chi & Gt Western. 1.000 24% 24% 24%
Chi & Gt W A pfd 87
Chi & Gt W B pfd ... ... 45 '
Chicago & N W... 2.100 231% 230 229%
CRI&P 2,200 180 179% 179&
Chi Term & Trans. 200 19 - 19 18
Chi Ter & Trn pfd. 300 35 Vi 34% 34%
C C C & St Louis.. 100 . 102% 102% 102%
Colorado Southern.. 1.300 28 27% - 2714
Colo South 1st pfd. 600 71% 71% - 71
Colo South 2nd pfd. 300 42V 4 41% 41%
Del & Hudson 1,400 172% 172 : 171%
Del Lack & West. . 300 : 285% 285% 284
Denver & Rio G... 100 43% 43%- 43
Denver & R G pfd. 300 91% 91% -91%
Erie fi.400 37% 37 37%
Erie 1st pfd 1,700 - 69% 69- 69y 4
Erie 2nd pfd ... 55Vi
Gt Northern pfd... 20rt 185% 1S5% 184%
Hocking Valley.... 600 71 Vi 71 70%
Hocking Val pfd... 300 80% 83% 86%
Illinois Central 2,500 142% 141% 141%
Iowa Central 300 49% 49 4S%
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 82% 82% 82%
Lake Erie & West 67%
Lake Erie & W. pfd ... ... 130
Louis & Nashville. 24,300 107% 106^ 106%
Manhattan L 6,400 1X3% 132% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry. 1,800 168 167% 167%
Mexican Central... 100 29% 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 3,800 19% 19% 19%
Minn & St Louis.. 400 110% 110M. 110%
Missouri Pacific 2.200 101% 101 100%
Mo Kan & Tex 300 24% 24 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 6O0 54% 54 54 Vi
New Jersey Cent.:. 100 192 192 192
New York Central.. 5,500 163% 103% 1CBV4
Norfolk & West.... 1,000 56% 56% 56%
Norfolk & W pfd..-. ... ; »0
Ont & West.. 7,000 33% 32% 33%
Penrsylvania C, 600 - 151% 151 151%
Reading 83.700 67% 55% - 57%
Reading 1st pfd 5,000 81% 81% 81%
Reading 2nd pfd... 34,300 t»% 68% 68%
St L & S F 3.100 67% 07 60%
St L & S F 1st pfd. ......'... ... S2%
St L & S F 2nd pfd 700 74% 74% 74'
St Louis S W 100 27 -a 27 2<m
St Louis S-W pfd.. 3,400 C0>i v 59%. 59%
St Paul 47.300 168% 167% 107%
St Paul pfd. ... :. ... 190%
Southern Pacific... 8.700 65%- 65 65
Southern Railway.. 2.800 32% 32%. 32%
Southern Ry pfd... 5,600 87% 97% 1)7%
Texas & Pacific... 1,400 41% 40% 41
Toledo St L & W.. 500 22% 21% 21
Tol St L & W pfd.. 5.7C0 39% 37% 37%
Union Pacific 15,5)00 100% 100 V'. - 100%
Union Pacific pfd. 1,000 S8% 87% S7%
Wabash 400 23% 23% 23%
Wabash pfd 300 43 42% 42%
Wheeling & L E.. 100 19% 19% 19%
Wheel & L E pfd. 31 y.
Wisconsin Central. 800 22% '22% 22y.
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 44 43% 43 "
Express companies — ¦
Adams 200
American .... 228
United States 110
Wells-Fargo 197 1
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 44,600 C3% 61% 61%
Am Car & Foundry 5,500 32% 32% 32
Am C!ar & Foun pf 600 0l»5 91% DIV^
Am Linseed Oil... 400 25 24% 24%
Am LJr.seed Oil pfd 52
Am Locomotive . 1,700 32% 32 32
Am Locomotive pf 700 94 93% 93%
Am Smelt & Refin. 1.0Q0 46% 46% 46%
Am Smelt & R pfd 300 • 97% 97% 07%
Anaconda Min Co. 4,900 30% 29 29
Brooklyn Rap Tran 6.700 65% 64% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 24.100 105% 102% 104%
Consolidated Gas.. 1,700 224 . 223 222":
Continental Tob pf ...„ -....' 120 1 '*
General Electric... 1.700 324% 323 323"""
Hocking Coal.. 11,200 22%- 21% 21%
International Pap.. 1,300 22% 22 22
Internat Paper pfd 200 75% 75% 75
International Pew. 800 95% 94% 95
Laclede Gas . -•. 80
National Biscuit... 900 61 51 60%
National Lead..... 600 19% 19 i»j?
National Salt pfd. p go
North . American ... 7,200 122 117 . 120Ai
Pacific Coast . ; .. riV,
Pacific Mail 1.400 45 44" 44
People's Gas ..... 2,100 102% 102 101%
Pressed Steel Car. 800 40% 40% 40"t
Pressed St Car pfd 2,700 84% 83% 84%
Pullman Pal Car .... 235
Republic Steel 2.B00 18% 18% 1SU
Repub Steel pfd... 1.500 75 74% 74S
Sugar.... .16.400 134 132% V&3
Tenn Oval & Iron.. 6,700 71% 71 711?
Union Bag &P Co . J 6 4
Union Bag & P pfd 100 81 SI ' 80
US Leather..." 31,200 13% 12% 13
U S Leather pfd.. 4,900 83% 82»2 ' S21X
US Rubber... 3,300 18% 1S% ]«%
II S Rubber pfd... 1,200 64 62 62
U S Steel 8,500 42% 4">U 42U
US -Steel pfd 2.700 94% 94% ttiu
Western Union 200. 00% 00% 00%
• Total sales. . . .626,000
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s rce ...109 |L & N unif 4= 10°«
U S ref 2s coup.. 109% Mexican Cen 4s ' 83
L* S 3s reg 100%| Do 1st inc . xtu
V S 3s coua ...\109% Minn & St U 4s'lO3%
U S new; 4s re B ..139 M K & Texas 4s.lOO
U-S new 4s ; coup.l39% Do 2ds .: H2V
U S old 4s reg. ..Ill N Y Centraliatshooy*
U S old 4s.coup.112 Do gen 3%s 108
U S 5s res .....106 N J Cen gen 5s.. "139%
US 5s coup 106 Northern Pac 4s 105%
Atchison geri 4s. 105%'- Do 3s ... . 74%
Do adjst 4s.... 94% Norf & W con 4s' 103%
Bait & Ohio 4s..lO«% Reading gen 4s 09
Do 3%s »0% St L & I M en 5s 119%
Do conv 4s \..107% St L & S F 4s 09%
Canadi South 2ds.lO8 1st L S W lsts * <K)2
Central of Ga 5s.llO%!St L S W 2ds ... 80%
Do Jst inc .... 7S% San A & A P 4s. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4 %s. 107% Southern Pac 4s.. 94'K
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Southern Ry 5s.. 121%
C'B & Q new 4s. 95%|Texas & Pac lets 120V,
C M&St P een 4s. 115%) Tol St L & W 4s 85
Chi & N W en 7s. 137% [Union Pacific 4s 105%
C R I & P 4s... 112% Do conv 4s.... 10GI&
C C C&StL,2rn.4s.lO3%.Wabaph lsts 119%
Chi Terminal 4s.. 87% Do 2ds ...110%
Colo & South 4s. . 94% Do. deb B 75»?
Denver & R G 4s. 103% West Shore 4s.... 113
, Erie prior lien 4s. 100 W & L Erie 4s.. 91
Do gen 4s...*.. 87% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90U
Ft W & D C lFts.112% Con Tob 4s 66%
Hocking. Vai:i%8.109%! ""*»
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. ;
Adams Con ......' 25 i Little Chief ' n
Alice 40jOntarlo ... 7 25
Ereece 50 Ophlr 00
Brunswick Con... .09 Phoenix '. . 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 Potosl 08
Con Cal & Va... ..1 20 Savage 04
I Dead wood Terra .. 50 Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver ......1 40 Small Hopes. .. 45
Iron Silver 70 Standard ... . 3 45
LeadvlUe Con ..... 05 ,
[ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — United Fruit . 1 . . 101 %
Call loans 3%@1% Westinghse com.. 98%
Time loans. ...4 @5 Minlnr — . .
Bonds — Adventure 21
Atchison ! 4s .... 103 Allouez ... ..... 3%
! Gas lsts ........ 87' Amalgamated ... 61%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 81 Baltic ... ...... 45
INS Gts & Coke. 6S Bingham .... ... 23%
Dried Fruits in New York.
Mail advices from New York eay: "The
situation in currants presents Bome uneasiness,
notwithstanding the views of sellers hold
around 5c for fine Amallas uncleaned in barrels.
Reports are current that this figure on firm
offer inisht be shaded in some quarters, but
we are unable to confirm sales at lower than
the Inside quotations on fine Amallas. The de
mand Is light, although some inquiry from in
terior points is heard of for round lots, with
prospective buyers' ideas somewhat under the
market. The large number of holders, coupled j
with the slack buying interest, has Induced a
feeling of unrest. Stocks in bond on March 1 j
are given as 6.B98.6S.1 pounds, compared with I
3,090,362 pounds on the same date last year. |
The market In Greece is quoted above the par
ity of spot cost to .lay down. I
"In prunes a fair Jobbing interest is shown
with firmness noted on large sizes, j For 40-50
Santa Clara fruit new in 25 lb boxes offerings
are available In some quarters at 6%c. but some
holders ask up to 7c. Outside fruit is avail
able at around 6%c in new prunes. Sixes 50-60
show a fair interest, and a little more move
ment is noted in Cfi-7<». Smaller sizes are not
in active demand and the feeling continues
barely steady. Coast advices report no Impor
tant change in the general situation there. 1
Oregon prunes on the spot are steady and In ]
fair request.
"In raisins spot seeded continue dull and show
no special feature, with choice and fancy in
1 lb cartons available at 8Uc and 8%c re-
Fpectively. Valencia layers are showing a fair
movement, and 7%c is reported Inside. Apri
cots and peaches remain steady to firm with a
pood jobbing interest shown. Dates are un
changed and fairly active. Figs are in strong
position with spot etocks reduced. Bonded
stocks on March 1 are given as 517.786 lbs as
against 414,4-15 lbs on the same date last year.
The figures for this season are questioned in
the trade, the belief existing that stocks are I
considerably less than those given. j
"In nuts a fair business is doing l/i nuts in
shell, with Tarragona almonds offering more
freely at 10'ic. For shelled aimonds the mar
ket Is more active, and both Sicily and Valencia
Fhelled show more firmness. Reports of frost j
by cable from the other side have tended to
ward Increasing the etrengOi shown here.
Stocks of all descriptions of almonds on March
1 are given as «9<J,057 lbs, against 48S.475 lbs
on the same date last year. A fair' interest in
shelled walnuts is noted within the quoted
range."
Weather Report.
M20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 24—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
latt season, and rainfalls in last twenty-four
hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
51: minimum. 41; mean. 46.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Bort.cn 58-36 Kansas City 60-48
Cincinnati «4-4« Omaha ..62-4B
Philadelphia W-44 Chicago ¦ 44-38
Washington 64-3ti Duluth 40-34
Jacksonville 74-U0 St. Louis , 62-50
New York C2-42 Salt Lake City. . .40-36
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 42 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
coast north of Point Conception and has fallen
rapidly over Arizona. A marked depression
overlies the valley of the Colorado. Heavy
snow is reported in Northern Arizona and gen
erous rains have fallen at Yuma and Phoenix.
High northwest winds have occurred at San
Diego with a good ralnfalL
Conditions are favorable for heavjr frosts
Tuesday morning !n California where the wind
lulle. . .
Over Southern Arizona there has been a fall
of 20 degrees In temperature and the current
readings are from 20 to 33 degrees below the
normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 25:
North«a-n California — Fair Tuesday with
heavy frosts in the morning; light northerly
wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday with frost
in the mcm'.ng; l'ght northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday, warmer at night
light northerly winds.
San ! Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
with frost in the morning; cloudy at night •
iigfct -northerly winds. /
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
v.-as.caty: creameries, 20^27c:, dairies, 10%@
26c: ' cheese, firm, HJ..i@12y>c; eggs, easy,
fresh Uc. '"
Eastern Livestock Market.
•'} '¦ CHICAGO. . . *
CHICAGO, March -24. — CATTLE— Receipts,
24,000: active, steady to 10c lower; cood to
prime steers. $6 50(Jf 7; poor to medium, $4@
U 40; stockers'-and' i feeders.' * $" 50@5: cows,
$1 50(55 r>0;>." heifers, $2 50@C 10:- cannery."
$1 50^2 40; bulls, $2 50@5; calves, $2 50@« 75;
Texas fed steers, $5'20£<0 :
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 47,000; to-morrow,
30,000; left lover, 5010; opened steady: closed
5@10c lower; mixed and butchers', $6 20@G 00;
good to choice heavy, $« 45©t> t>"2%; rough
heavy. $6 20©6 35; llsht, $6@C U5; bulk of
sales, ?6 25® O 45. '. ¦..- .. • ¦
SHEEP — Receipts, 18,000: stronsr: lambs,
steady to 10c . lower; good to choice wethers.
$5@5 C. r >; fair to choice mixed, $4 25@5;, West
ern pheep and yearlings, $5 25@G 10; native
lambs, $4@H 05; Western -lambs, $5 25@6 65;
spring lambs, $7®12.
ST. - JOSEPH." .,
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. March 24.— CATTLE —
Receipts, 1400. Market .steady/. Natives, $5 35
@G 90; cows and heifers, $1 50©5 75; veals.
$; r.O(gC 25; stockers and • feeders. ?2 2.'(S5 2."..
.HOGS — Receipts,' 2700. ¦' Steady. Light and
light ¦. mixed. $(i@6 32%; medium' and stock,
$6 32%(56 55; pigs. $1 25<i»5 50.
SHEEP — Receipts,- 10,100. ...Market steady to
strong. Western lambs, - $t>@6 65; Western
sheep, ?4 30@e. -. -.¦.-.. .'•.¦; \
. Nezu York Metal ' Market*
NEW YORK, March, 24— The metal mar
kets were quite conventional' to-day." Business
in all departments -was ; slow. -Tin, ¦ however,"
was easy at a decline . of ,7 v points; -with spot
closing at $26@26 25. ;'At| London the market
closed at unchanged prices with sppt standing
at £116 15s and futures at '£114 7s 6d.
• Copper was unchanged 'at' New' ; York.-'. with
lake at $12<3)12 75 ana. electrolytic and casting
af$lS@12 25. London . closed 2s 6d .lower." with
spot at £52 and futures at. £51 17s. 6d. • . ".-' . '¦¦
• Lead was 2s Cd V lower at' ¦ London, which
closed at £11 7s 6dj\ New York was unchanged
at'?4 12%.;- ¦ .•¦-.>¦,. . .. ,•¦¦ I* ¦.• ¦:•¦
'.Spelter was 2s Cd lower' at London at£17
10s, while New York was unchanged at $4 35.
¦Domestic j iron markets ¦ were ' steady in tone
and unchanged. ' Piglron'warrants, were nom
inal. No. 1 foundry. Northern; $18 50019 60:
.No. 2 foundry. Northern,'. $18©19; No. .1 .foun
dry, . Southern, $17 50® 18; : .No. 1"' foundry.
Southern, soft, ?17, 50@18. ...
English markets were firmer with QlMgow at
52s 6d and Middlesboro at ;46s.0d.-,; : . :. '
Visible Gfain;Supply..
NEW YORK. March 1 24. -^-The visible supply
of grain Saturday^March as .compiled'. by
the New York Produce! Exchange.' is • as fol
lows: ¦ ¦ ¦ *••',. ••.: ¦¦ ¦ ; • ¦' ¦ ' ' ; ' ¦•" • .
Wheat. 60,548.000 bushels;, decrease,' 1,040,
000. Corn, 9,108,000 bushels;: decrease,. 578,000."
Oats, 3,020,000 bushels; decrease, 825,000. Rye.
2,070,000 bushels; decrease, 10,000. - Barley, i
1,759,000 bushels; decrease, J 11,000. -. ,v ; . '
New York Cotton Market. .
NEW " YORK, March -.24.— Cotton closed
steady, 1@8 points lower.. - ; -i . . • '-¦<¦'' \
Foreign-Markets.
LONDON. March 24.— Consols, 94 1-16; sil
ver, 24%d; French rentes, lOOf 65c; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, SiOs 3d; "English country markets;
quiet; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 4.190,000; wheat and flour on pas
sage to Continent, 1,310,000.
HOPS — Pacific Coast, firm, £3 13s@£4 15s.
'LIVERPOOL, March 24. — Wheat, dull; No.
1 standard, California, Cs 3d@>6s 3%d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris,, steady; French
country markets, , quiet; .weather, ln.^England;.
unsettled.
COTTON— Uplands. 4&d.
Imports - of ' wheat into Liverpool . last . week
were 40.C00 quarters from' Atlantic ports/ 6000
from Pacific ports and 18,000. from other porte.'
London Wool Sales. - ¦
: LONDON, March 24. — The offerings at the
wool . auction sales numbered 12.S73 | bales.
There was a large attendance. ¦;. Competition
was spirited and full prices were obtained.
Some superior scoured and fine 1 New ¦ South
Wales. Victoria and Queensland greasy were
in eager demand • for the Continent. Ameri
cans purchased suitable fine medium greasy
crossbreds.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, March 24.— ClearinES, $500,'459;'
balances, $li)9,552. •¦ ¦'. ¦ Vt - ' ¦'¦•
PORTLAND, March 24.-^-Clearlries. $1,192.
122; balances, $103,373.
-; SPOKANE. March 24. — Clearings, $350,886;
balances. .<51,170.- ........ .^ .
TACOMA. March 24.— Clearings, $195,009;
balances, $30,135, .•
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. -
PORTLAND, March 24.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 63%@C4c; bluestem, 65c; valley, 64@65c.
WASHINGTON. \
1 TACOMA, March 24. — WHEAT — Quiet and
unchanged; bluestem, 60c;- club, _C5c. -
Slight variations in Exchange and Silver.
Wheat rather weaker and Barley rather firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay zveak, Bran firm and Middlings steady.
White Beans continue to decline. Colored firm.
Butter lower. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Nothing new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions higher at Clmcago and expected to advance here.
Hogs in light receipt and firm.
Potatoes firm, Onions easy and most Vegetables weak.
Poultry and Game cleaning up readily.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes steady and unchanged.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Railroads— . ,Cal & :Hecla . .. -COO.
Atchison ........ 77% Centennial 2.1
Do pfd 97 1£ Copper Range ... OS J
Boston & Albany. 2(B 1 Dominion Coal .. .Its
Boston & Maine. iaii/.J Franklin ... 12)4
Boston Elevated.. 16» " Isle Royale ." 17%
N Y N H & H...214% Mohawk '&V*
Fltchburg .pfd ,.1W>A Old Dominion *. . 19%
Union Pacific ...100% Osceola u0
Mexican Central . 2:)ij Parrot • 2S
Miscellaneous — • Quincy .*. '. 13,'!^
American Sugar.. 132% Santa Fe Copper. 2*4
; Do pfd 110% Tamarack... ...ISO ;
Am«r Tel & Tel.l6S% Trimountain ..... »0
Dom Iron & S... 44^, Trinity ... 1*V*
General Electric, 323 United States ... 18
Mass Electric ... 37% Utah 22 %
I>o pfd 06% Victoria • ) ?».
N E Gas & Coke. G% Wlnona ...-...."• I'/S
U S Steel 42 Wolverine 5 -
Do pfd 94%1 .
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 94 Mo Kan & Tex... 25
do for acct 01 1-10 do prefd ....... 55J4
Anaconda .... OH, N Y; Central loijii
Atchison 80 Norf'& West...:. 5(Ji
do prefd ...... .1WH4 ¦ do prefd 02%
Bait & Ohio 10!>V 4 Ontario & West.. 33%
Can Pacific 118% Southern Ry, 33%
Ches & Ohio..... .,46% do prefd »9%
Chi Gt W r estern.. 25 SouthernPac 67
CM & St Paul... 172% Union Pacific ....103
Den & R G...... 44% do prefd ....... 90H
do prefd ....... 94% U S Steel. . . . . . ; •• «%
Erie 3S% do prefd ....... 06%
. do 1st prefd.... 70<i Wabash 2*n
do 2d prefd f>6»4 | do prefd 43 *i
111 Central I46V4 ! Spanish 4s <<%
Louis &Nash lOS^il , . '
• Bar silver, quiet,- 2i%d per ounce. Money..
2%m per cent. ; ¦ • • •
The rate of discount In thc.open market for
short bills is 2 tl -16 percent. . s ¦
. The rate of discount in the ppen market for
three months' bills Is 2% per cent. \ . .
New York Money Market.
'¦ NEW YORK. March 24.— Money on call was
firm at 3@5 per cent; closing offered at 3 per
per cent. Prime mercantile paper. 4%<g5
per cent. Sterling exchange was firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 8. %
®4 87% for demand and at $4 85%@4 85V* for
sixty days. Posted rates. $4 86 and $4 88 V;,.
Commercial bills. $4 84%@l 85%. Bar silver,
63%c. Mexican dollars, 43 Vic
Bonds— Governments, steady; • States, inac
tive; railroads, irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK. March 24.— The Commercial
Advertiser's London financial cablegram says:
. The stock market had an excellent tone, to
day. The peace news from South Africa is
too inconclusive to inspire public buying, but
it caused the f bear contingent to fidget ana
the professional element to support prices.
Consols Jumped to O4V4. assisted by a short
supply owing to ¦ sales In anticipation . of the
budget. The bears scrambled to cover and the
Continent supported prices, but the close was
a shade easier at 04 1-1«. : The strength of
consols assisted home stocks, but the Ameri
can, department was quite idle. ' London con
tinued to look on even when New York became
a buyer In the street of the Coalers, Baltimore
and Ohio and Union Pacific. ¦ The contangoes
began at 4»4 and finished at 3%.
Rio Tlntos sold at 43.
Condition of the Treasury. . .
WASHINGTON, March 24.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. ,$172,U19,52S; gold, /$00,
347,400. . :-.¦¦ . .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
half-barrels, 9%c: one tierce, 094c: two tierce*.
9%c: uve tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Talloxv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9@9%c: light. 8@8% C ;
Cow Hides. Oc for -heavy and 8c for llight;
Stags, 0@6%c; Salted Kip. 8c; Salted Veal, »c;
Salted Calf. 10c: Dry Hides. ' ltfc; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 13c: Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands.
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool, , 30&b0c each ; medium. CO® 75c; Ion*
Wool. 80cii$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, fc» ~ lit
&i for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, »1 73
ta.2 for smell and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides,
dry $1 75 for large. $1 25@1 50 for medium, »I
Hi>l 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins —
hummer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, o0c: winter or thiD skins, 20c. Goat
iklns—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
We; medium, 35c. ••, -'~ m '
TALI.OW— No. 1 rendered. 5%06c P«r lb;
Kg. 2, 4%©5c; grease. 3©0%c.
WOOL— Nominal.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%©14c per lb
for eood to choice. Local dealers quota 150
17 %o for shipment.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no particular change. Hogs rule
firm, with light arrivals and an equally light
demand for packing account.
DRESSED MEATS.
'Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «%©7%c for Steera and 6©7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL- Large. 8®5%c: small, 8%®10o per
MUTTON— Wethers, 8%©0%c; Ewes. 8©9c
j>er pound.
LAMB— Yearlings. 10911a per lb: Spring
Lamb. 12%@14c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©flc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAKKET.
The 'following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, lesa 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8>4&0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4%©0%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes. 3#©4o per
lb (gross weight). ¦
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs. $2 50(02 75 per
head or 5% ©tic per lb llvewelght; yearlings.
4 Mr© 5c per lb.
HOGS — live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. «%c:
200 lbs and over. 6@6%,c; feeders. 6^c; sSWs.
20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent off. and
stags, 40 per cent off, from the above quota
tions. ¦
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 6.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Flaece
Twine. 7% ©8c.
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. (9; Seattle. $8 60: Bryant. |6 SO;
Roslyn. (7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $S CO;
Co-operative Wallsend, (8 50; Cumberland. $12
in bulk and $13 25 In sacks ; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. ; . AVelsh Anthracite. $14;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand. .
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20: Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
76c: raw, 74c: cases, 5c more; Lucol, C6c for
boiled and C4c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, S5c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 67%@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
U5c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c: cases, ' 4"%s;
Cocoanut Oil. ¦ barrels, 63%c for Ceylon- and
5S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c: Pearl Oil. in caaes. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 2Cc: Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 15c: in
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases.
20%c; b6-dsjrree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; In
case*. 26%c.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon In cases and
We in drums and iron - barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Huear Retain* 'Com
pany auotes aa follows, per pound. In 100-Ib
bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.60c; Powdered. 4.35c: Candy Granulated.
1.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated. 4.23s;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.75c: . Golden C. 3.65c: *"D,"
3.55c: barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 60c 'more: 5O-lb bags, 10c more, for aU !
kinds. . Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c: boxes
5c i>er lb. No order taken for less than 7S
barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY.' MARCH 24.
Flour; qrsks.. 11.260.'Butter ctls ... 290
Wheat, ctls 3.SR0 . E*gs. doz .... 45, 600
Barley, ctls .... 7,450 'Cheese, ctls .... 16*
Oats, ctls: 655. (Tallow, ctls ... 212
Beans, sks .... '• 052 1 Pelts bd!s .... 5«4
Corn, ctls ...... 1.1 10: Hides.. No. .... 7.v>
Potatoes." sks .. 1.3&1 Raisins, boxes.. 70O
Onions, sks 80^ leather, rolls .. 47
Bran, sks 1,3451 Wine, gals .... 67 2C0
Middlings, sks . 705 Chicory bbls .. 25
Hay. tons C7T Lime, bbls .... 226 j
Straw, tons .... 27 Sugar, ctls .... 4.747 i
Wool. ' sks 2S2 Brandy, gals . . 5.000
OREGON.
Flour, <rr sks.. StfllPotatoes sks... 836
Oats, ctls 4201
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.'. 12,503 Corn Meal. sks. 400
Flaxseed. sks .. 415 Groats, sks ... 160
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Tfl-ITT Q A V TT? A M PTfilfVV r AT T" TTTPGn AV TM AT?rTT o^ 1 QO 6 *
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
8
NEW YORK. March 24.— To-day's market
made some attempt to rally from the reaction
ary, tendency that developed before the close en
Saturday and to resume the upward tendency
which -was becoming felrly general on Friday.
Prices started higher this morning.' but the
market . during j the day did not hold out the
promise of the- early dealings ana again re
lapsed into a dull- and drifting condition, with
the dealings almost entirely In professional
hands and only the more obscure stocks mov
ing with any degree of energy. There was a
marked demand for the Readings and an ap
pstreri attempt to.ehift the leadership Into the
ooa!c.*~ fr'va the Western" grain carriers,
wbost >»rength last week was eupi>osed to be
due to the favorable prospects of the grain
crops. But the obvious ' fact that selling to
take profits was going on in St. Paul, showing
the work of professional hands, detracted from
the Influence of the new strength in the Read-
Ings. The renewed attendance at his olflce of
the most prominent capitalist in the street and
the return to New York from holiday excursions
of otjjer Jarse capitalists wens looked to by the
rar-r; sanguine of the traders to result In a re
'^^ition of market activity, but except for the
TTuylnc of lne Readings no men Influence was
apparent; Amalgamated Ccpper was. notably
*tctiv«i,' snd. ¦ with occasional rallies, was xJe-
Articles — Open. : High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 72% '71%
July :i 72% .73^ ¦ 72V4
September 72% ¦>: 73% . -72%
Corn "No. 2—
May ..v........ 58% 68% 57%
July 58% 50% 58
September ..... 57 Yt 57% . 56%
Oats No. 2— - /
May 41% 42% 41
July , .",4%, ?,iy, my,
September ..... 28^ 29% , 28%
Hces Pork, per bbl — • . , .
July ..15 05 16 12% 15 fi5 "
May ..15 50 16 00 15 50
Lard, per 100 lbs — '
May 0 47% 0 70' 0 47%
July ....... 9 57% 0 SO / 0 57%
September ..... 0.70 . 0 00 ' 9 70
Short Ribs, per 100 Ib3—
May 8 55 ; S 80 8 S5 .
July 8 «7% S 90 8 67%.
September .. 8 SO 0 00 8 SO
Close.
. 7J %
•72%
¦68%
59W,
• ; 57%
42%
34%
• 28%
16 10
15 05
9 70
0 80
9 90
8 80
' 8,00
9 00
Stations —
Eureka
i>.ed Bluff
Sacramento
3an Francisco ....
Fresno
Independence
=an Luis Obispo.
!x>s Angeles
ran Diego
Last
24 Hours.
0.00
O.20
O.O0
.... 0.00
0.04
. ... o.oo
.... 0.08
.... 0.32
0.28
This
Season.
43.88
15.46
IB. 77
G.10
4.03
19. 2S
fl.35
5.29
Last
Season.
40.67
22.17
17.18
IS. 71)
10.2*
5.81
27.62
14.10
9.19
THE <
ST RECORD
STATIONS. | Hlffl f^ . j?
Astoria 29.92 50 38 SW Cloudy .01
Baker 29.74 46 28 NW Clear .00
Careen 28. 7« S8 IS W Cloudy .00
Eureka .. 30.00 4S 34 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.88 64 38 NW dear .04
Flagstaff 29.52 30 24 NW Snow 1.80
Pocatello. Ida.29.€2 40 3rt X Pt Cldy < T.
Independence 29.64 44 28 N Clear .00
Cos Angeles.. 29. 84 54 40 W Cloudy .32
Phoenix 29.78 64 40 YV Rain .7(J
Portland 29.02 4(J 38. SE Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 23.84 2S 38 N Clear .26
Roseburg ....30.00 48 38 NE Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 5« S8 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.58 48 36 NE Cloudy T.
San Francisco.2a.84 SO 42 W Clear .00
E, L.. ObUpo.. 29.94 64 38 W Clear .08
San DLegu 29.84 54 50 NW • Cloudy .28
Seattle 2».86 52 32 NW Cloudy .00
fipokane 29.74 52 30 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay 29.S2 46 34 SW. Rain .06
Walla Walla. .29. 80 54 ;?2 W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.68 36 22 NE Snow .Ul
Yuma 29.74 56 40 W Clear .20
Articles — Open. : High. Low.
Wheat No. 2—
May 71% 72% '71%
July :i 72% .73^ ¦ 72V4
September 72% ¦>: 73% . -72%
Corn "No. 2—
May ..v........ 58% 68% 57%
July 58% 50% 58
September ..... 57 Yt 57% . 56%
Oats No. 2— - /
May 41% 42% 41
July , .",4%, ?,iy, my,
September ..... 28^ 29% , 28%
Hces Pork, per bbl — • . , .
July ..15 05 16 12% 15 fi5 "
May ..15 50 16 00 15 50
Lard, per 100 lbs — '
May 0 47% 0 70' 0 47%
July ....... 9 57% 0 SO / 0 57%
September ..... 0.70 . 0 00 ' 9 70
Short Ribs, per 100 Ib3—
May 8 55 ; S 80 8 S5 .
July 8 «7% S 90 8 67%.
September .. 8 SO 0 00 8 SO
Close.
. 7J %
•72%
¦68%
59W,
• ; 57%
42%
34%
• 28%
16 10
15 05
9 70
0 80
9 90
8 80
' 8,00
9 00
Stations —
Eureka
i>.ed Bluff
Sacramento
3an Francisco ....
Fresno
Independence
=an Luis Obispo.
!x>s Angeles
ran Diego
Last
24 Hours.
0.00
O.20
O.O0
.... 0.00
0.04
. ... o.oo
.... 0.08
.... 0.32
0.28
This
Season.
43.88
15.46
IB. 77
G.10
4.03
19. 2S
fl.35
5.29
Last
Season.
40.67
22.17
17.18
IS. 71)
10.2*
5.81
27.62
14.10
9.19
THE <
ST RECORD
STATIONS. | Hlffl f^ . j?
Astoria 29.92 50 38 SW Cloudy .01
Baker 29.74 46 28 NW Clear .00
Careen 28. 7« S8 IS W Cloudy .00
Eureka .. 30.00 4S 34 N Cloudy .00
Fresno 29.88 64 38 NW dear .04
Flagstaff 29.52 30 24 NW Snow 1.80
Pocatello. Ida.29.€2 40 3rt X Pt Cldy < T.
Independence 29.64 44 28 N Clear .00
Cos Angeles.. 29. 84 54 40 W Cloudy .32
Phoenix 29.78 64 40 YV Rain .7(J
Portland 29.02 4(J 38. SE Cloudy T.
Red Bluff 23.84 2S 38 N Clear .26
Roseburg ....30.00 48 38 NE Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.86 5« S8 SW Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.58 48 36 NE Cloudy T.
San Francisco.2a.84 SO 42 W Clear .00
E, L.. ObUpo.. 29.94 64 38 W Clear .08
San DLegu 29.84 54 50 NW • Cloudy .28
Seattle 2».86 52 32 NW Cloudy .00
fipokane 29.74 52 30 SW Clear .00
Neah Bay 29.S2 46 34 SW. Rain .06
Walla Walla. .29. 80 54 ;?2 W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .29.68 36 22 NE Snow .Ul
Yuma 29.74 56 40 W Clear .20
AUCTION SAEES
CLOSINGOUT SALE
OF
Horses, Vehicles and Harness.
Consisting of 15 perfectly broken horses. SOicar-
rlages, surreys, -wagons, phaetons, hard rubber
tired and pneumatic wheeled buggies, toad
rartn. etc.. and about 50 sets cf single and dou-
ble harness, all In perfect order. This consign-
ment comprises the contents of the well-known
Fulton Livery Stable, at 246 Third st. 1 h*v»
leased this place aa an addition to the Occiden-
tal Horse Exchange, and will sell all tha above
at the latter place • . *
TO-MOItROW.
TUESDAY. March 23. 1902.
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m
Entrances 721 HOWARD ST.. 225 TEHAMA
ST. and 24« THIRD ST.
¦ WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
$» £* £*
JUST ARRrVKD. carload of the n?TEST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVINO HORSE9
ever brought to this market, weights from
1100 to 15OO. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-72S Howard street.MEMBER OF WOMAN'S PRESS AS
SOCIATION. WHO IS GETTING. UP
A BENEFIT ENTERTAINMENT.
Petitions; in insolvency were filed yes
terday in the-Unlted States District Court
as follows: Z.R.~ Robinett,- railroad em
ploye,. San. Francisco, liabilities '$£38, no
assets;- Samuel Deal,* railroad employe,
San Francisco, liabilities $1129, no assets;
John J. : Dunn, liabilities $921, no assets:
Jacob Kaskel, formerly ... of the firm of
Pursch & : Kaskel;' clothing : merchants of
San Francisco; and New York, liabilities
$37,232, no assets. Nearly all the creditors
live In New York City and the debts were
contracted 'In. the years 1897-1898.
Petitions in insolvency.
,. Bar^B P Cheney. Jo^To^U^ fern
Blake[eyf XCel8lOr ' F . TuAfCett ' 9 *»*» from Port
;•'"','.. ,' . SAILED.
- ' Mondiy, • March 24
Stmr Gua|ala.-.:Weber, . Ma - na '*¦
- DOMESTIC ¦ PORTS
SEATTLE— Sailed Mar 24— Stmr C«ar!na for
San Francisco ; : stmr , John S Klmball, for *Ta-
CO p0hTLAND— Arrived Mar' 24-Stmr Thea
dore Wllle. from/Tain* Tau. **^ aimr • rne °
• Sailed Mar 24— Fr barkBidart. for Queena
town. "'¦-._ ¦* ¦ .¦,,—..- .
t GftATS HARBOR— Sailed Mar 24— Sohr W
J Patterson, for San • Pedro; «chr AlltS fit-
San FrahcUco. 2a— Stmr Coronado. for Saa'
rranclsco. , ¦ I '?'¦»',m! t ti~»^
• Arrived Mar 24— Schr Halcyon, from Altata
23-6tmr Newburg, hence Mar 18 \ Aliaia '
" ASTORIA— Arrived Mar 24^— Bark {' Hafry
Morse, from San Francisco; stmr Elmore, from
Tlllamoolr. • ' .. ¦. ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ..».:-¦
- Balled Mar 24— rStmr South Portland for San
Francisco; etmr , Georre W Elder, •• for San
Francisco; shirs Ardlnamurchan and Centu- ' ]
rlon for Queenstown, .- ,f« - ,-• \
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The United \ States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on the dates men
ittcned examinations will "be 1 held In San
Francisco and other cities for the follow
ing positions: April 15, assistant matron
(with experience as nurse); Indiari serv
ice, at a salary of $500 per annum; age
limit, 30 years tfr over. April 22, assistant
anthropologist, Bureau of Non-Christian
Tribes, - Philippine :.\ service, . .$2400 , per
annum;;- age limit,' 18 : to 40. years. The
subjects -of academic and special training,
including Held work ami publications,
etc., will be rated on the application and
special form submitted. April 22. prepar
ator, Division of Stratigraphlc Paleontol
ogy, il National Museum, $60 per month;
age limit, 20 years or over. Persons vrho
desire to compete should apply to the
United. States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D.,,C.,vor to'the secretary
of the •, local board -of examiners, Post
offlce.. for application forms, which muBt
be filed with the commission : at • Wash
ington. . A" . .:.- ¦ ;•¦ •
Civil Service Examinations.
SAN JOSE, March 1 , 24.-CIty polities Is
beginning to take some shape, and citi
zens with the office- bee. buzzing, about
them are making themselves genial art:l
numerous.'. Petitions are -being circulated
for signatures to obtain a place upon the
official ballot for A.Greeninger.for Mayor
and J. W. Cook for Qlty Clerk. I These are
the eo-calied "gang" candidates. Cook
now holds. office and-Greenlnger is slated
to succeed Mayor Martin, who cannot run
again because of the two- term clause In
the Charter. City Treasurer McGeoghe
gan iB'a candidate for re-election. Be
sides these there are . Councilmen from
the First and Fourth wards to be elected
and a Councilman at; large". B Macaulay,
who row represents the First; Rogers in
the Fourth,- ana Miner at large,' It is said,
will not be candidates. .... ' -
Much interest centers in the citizens'
meeting to-morrow night, when it is ex
pected a full municipal ticket will be put
up in opposition to -the ''gang" ticket.
Two hundred citizens held a meeting two
weeks ago and appointed a committee, to
obtain. representation from, all reform or
ganizations at to-morrow night's meet-
•SAN JOSE, March 24.— A burglar at
tempted to rob the residence of Policeman
John Humburg early this morning, and
was almost captured. As it was a- ballot
whizzed over his head Just aa he dropped j
behind a big board fence. Humburg had
just got off duty. As he reached hla home
at 402 North Second street* he saw tha
front . door ajar, and, with revolver, in.
hand, went to the rear of the house to in- ¦
vtstigate. As he turned the corner of the
house the burglar came out of the back
door and ran for the fence. He refused to
stop when called upon and Humburg shut:
at him. but without effect
Eurglar Enters Policeman's House.
GRIP FAST DESTROYING
THE UNALASKA TRIBES
Death Rate Averages Three a Day
and the Epidemic Rages
Unchecked.
SEATTLE, March 24.— The steamer Dis
covery arrived at Juneau on March 15
from the westward. .Steward Russell re
port's that the Indians at Unalaska are
affected with grip and are dying at the
rate of three a day. Unless the disease
is checked, all will be dead in a few
weeks. This Is the came epidemic that
affected the Indians at Kuskokwim last
season. The Discovery left Juneau on
February 4 and made a very quick trip
to Unalaska and return.
In the Divorce Court.
OAKLAND, 1 March 24.— John Slmonds,
president of the Slmonds 8aw Company,
who was recently ordered to pay his wife
175 a month and give her their home in
Berkeley has given notice that he Intends
to move for a new trial. He declares the
award of Judge Hall li excessive.
Mrs. Sarah A. Webster, who
former Assemblyman John V. Webster
for divorce on the ground of desertion,
dismissed the suit to-day. The couple
have grown children and are said. to have
become reconciled on their account.
Margaret R. Mrers began suit against
Charles A. Myers for divorce on the
ground of neglect They have been mar
ried three years and have no children.
Tyler after a time managed to get pos
session of the weapon and as his step
father again, sprang on him he attempted
to sh9ot. but the cartridge failed to ex
plode... Williams then closed in upon
Tyler, recovered the revolver and fired at
him, the .bullet striking the younger man
in the. arm.. Tyler then ran and Williams
fired another shot at him, but missed. The
boy ran about five miles to Carters and
swore to a complaint A constable left
to-night fotf Arastravllle after .Williams.
CARTERS, March 24.— George Tyler and
his stepfather, James Williams, engaged
in a life and death struggle this afternoon
at Arastravllle, about five miles from this
town. Tyler says his stepfather at
tempted to beat "Mrs. Williams, Tyler's
mother, and he Interfered. Williams drew
a revolver and the struggle began.
FIGHTS FOR HIS LIFE
• WITH HIS STEPFATHER
A Federal Grand Jur" was • impaneled
in the United States District Court yes
terday, by Judge de Haven. The jury
organized by; the election of. E. G. Lu
kensas foreman and- J. Apple as secre
tary. Charles •' R. Mains; questioned
the Jurors as to whether ..they had
any prejudice against, him and whether
they: would not insist on the prosecution
proving him guilty before. they would
bring in an Indictment against him on
the charge of using the mails to further
a scheme to defraud. Judge" de Haven
ruled that some of Mains' questions were
improper and he would not allow them to
be answered. - . :
The Jury will hold Its first meeting for
business at 2 o'clock this afternoon, and
will meet on Tuesday a*nd Friday after
noons until the close of the term.. The
following Is a list of -the grand jurors:
George B. 'i Billings. W. D. Bliss, Chilian
Beach, Robert Husband, William A. Qrode.-C.
L. Bonestell, » Joseph Black, Frank L *.- von
Rheln, E. G.V; LUkens. C. W. , Taber, ' W. N.
Brunt, Nathan Blbo, W . W . Chase, W . H .
Crlm, Charles H . Rodd, K. Abramson, Henry
W. Knoll, J. Apple, Harv#y A. Klyee, S. Bare,
Henry J. Wicker, Donald McRae and N. A.
Judd. : . ¦ \ * .'•. ' . ¦ ' • ¦ :. ¦"¦;
WREN IN WASHINGTON
FOR MORE AFFIDAVITS
One of Robinson Murderers Fights
Extradition and Canadian Courts
Want More Proof.
Detective Ed Wren of the iocal police
department arrived in Washington, D; C,
last night. In company with Police Offi
cer C. H. Taylor, he left some weeks ago
to Identify a tramp arrested at Fort Wil
liams, Manitoba, who was supposed to bp
one of the slayers of Police Offlcer Eus?en»
C. Robinson on January 20 in this cltv"
Taylor recognized the man the moment
he gaw him as one of the men whom he
bo valiantly fought.
Kauffman, .the man under arrest is
niaking a desperate fight against extradi
tion. Taylor is keeping a watchful eye on
the Manitoba end of the case, while Wren
is in Washington, working- with the office
of the Secretary of State to secure the
necessary additional affidavits that will be
satisfactory to the judicial officers of the
Canadian province.- While the identifica
tion of the prisoner under arrest Is undls
putable. so far as Taylor is concerned,
the legal formalities to be observed In a
case of this kind are bo many and varied
that some time may elapse before the
prisoner may be brought here for trial
with his confederates.
FEDERAL GRAND JURY IS
• SELECTED FOB THE TEPJI
LOS ANGELES. March 24.— Judge John
D. Bicknell of the law firm of Bicknell,
Gibson & Trask Is reported to have re
signed hie position, as attorney, for the
Southern Pacific in Southern California.
Judge Bickneli has held the position for
the past sixteen years. His resignation
is due to the fact that his firm has for
some time been in the service of both
the Southern Pacific Company and the
Huntington electric railway interests.
Judge Bicknell said to-day:
"Recognizing the fact that the interests
of the Southern Pacific, the Pacific Elec
tric Railway and the Los Angeles Rail
way companies might clash at any time,
I wrote to W. F. Herrln some time ago
advising him that he might consider my
letter a. resignation. . I have not yet been
Informed that the resignation is accepted,
and the firm of Bicknell, Gibson & Trask
Is still acting for the Southern Pacific
Company. I expect, however, that my em
ployment may close at any time."
It is generally believed that by April 1
the Harriman railway interests will be
represented in Southern California by
other couneel.
sition as Attorney for the
Railroad.
Judge John D. Bicknell Resigns Po-
TO QUIT THE SERVICE
OF SOUTHERN PACIFIC
UNION WORKMAN
FOR THE OFFICES
Directors' meetings were held yesterday
Miss Florence Hellman was hostess at
•a pleasant theater party last evening.
Twenty-five guests were Invited to wit
ness the, play at the California Theater.
The affair was given In honor of Miss
Hellman's cousin, Miss Stern of- Liver
pool.
• .... - ••.¦ • . • . .. ¦-
Mrs. J. J. Mack gave a delightful lunch
eon in the Palace Conservatory on Sun
day. Covers were laid for twenty-eight.
'the table was handsomely decorated with
fleur de Us In purple and white, and in
the center were white ducks. Everything
was perfectly arranged.
Mr. and Mrs. I. W. Hellman entertained
a few friends informally at dinner last
evening at --their residence on Franklin
street. ¦ •
given In Hall on April
28 for the benefit of the association. ' Miss
Jenne Long has the programme in hand
anrf is procuring some talented entertain
ers. Miss Long will herself give a couple of
new sketches written especially for her
by Miss Ruth Mitchell' of San Francisco.
The names of the other artists will be
anounced In a few days. ¦
The association enjoyed a. most inter
esting session yesterday afternoon, at
Century 1 Hall. A delightful programme
was rendered and the- various numbers
were enthusiastically received by the ap
preciative audience. An address was to
have been given by Emory E. Smith,
president of the State Floral Society, on
the subject of "Lower California," but
Mr. Smith was unavoidably detained in
those regions himself and telegraphed his
regrets. After the entertainment an In
formal reception was held, -during which
refreshments were served. The pro
gramme was as follows:
Reading, Mrs. J. "VV. Edwards; (a) ballad,
"The Story of a Splendid Silence," (b) "San
dalphoii," Mrs. Newton J. Tharp; reading, (a)
"How the La Rue Stakes Were Lost," (b)
"Jtnny," Miss Julia Rapier Tharp; piano selec
tions, Chopin's "Sketch," In 1! Hat minor,
Grieg's "Spring."
AN excellent vaudeville entertain
ment is being arranged under the
auspices of the Pacific Coast
Women's Press Association to be
REDDING, March 24.— A timber land
deal has just been consummated in
Plumas and Tehama counties by which
Pennsylvania capitalists have procured
60,000 acres of timber. They will form a
company for the marketing of the lumber
from this vast tract and will spend $2,000,
000 before their plant Is completed. One
of the principal Items of expense will bo
the building of a broad-gauge steam rail
road, nearly fifty miles in length.
The deeds have been filed for record
by which the tract of 60.000 acres passes
into the hands of T. D. Collins. and J. G.
Curtis, millionaire lumber men of Penn
sylvania. This timber, which lies about
fifty miles east of the main line of the
Southern Pacific Company, consists large
ly of sugar" and yellow pine. ..The. pur
chasers announce that it Is the. Intention
of. the company to build a broad-gauge
railroad from some point, on the Southern
Pacific* line, between Chlco, Butte County,
and Selma in the same county, to connect
with this timber belt. The land cost
$450,000.
BUYS SIXTY THOUSAND
ACRES OF TIMBER LAND
CHICAGO. March 24.— Kid Carter of
Brooklyn knocked out Joe Choynskt in
the first round of a six-round contest to
night at the America Club. It was either
man's' battle up to the final blow. Choyn
ski had reached Carter's jaw with both
hands at least twenty times and had the
Brooklyn man staggering, when the lat
ter made a desperate lunge with his right
for Choynski. The blow landed in the pit
of Choynskl's stomach and double him up.
Before he could .straighten himself out
Carter chopped him with a right on the
jaw. Choynski went down, but came to
his feet staggering, barely able to hold
his hands up. Instead of endeavoring;
to clinch, Choynski stood off and began
slugging. Carter, who had recovered from
the terrible beating he had received, was:
the stronger and after. • missing several
desperate swings he finally landed a full
right swing on Joe's jaw. The blow had
such force that It lifted Choynski clear
off his feet and he went down on the top
of his head. It was thought for a time
that he had been seriously Injured, but
with the assistance of a physician his
handlers brought him. to his senses after
he had been unconscious for fully ten
minutes. The round lasted two minutes
and thirty-five seconds.
Fast and Furious Battle' Before the
America Club Ends in the
First Round.
KID CARTEB OF BROOKLYN
i KNOCKS OUT JOE CHOYNSKI
Damages.
James E. Damon yesterday filed suit
against The Blue Lakes Water Company,
J. B. Emery president .and Robert McF.
Doble, secretary, and W. Frank Pierce, to
recover 1000 shares of the capital stock
of the defendant corporation, or J6000 in
lieu thereof, together with $1000. Con
spiracy, oppression, fraud and malice a-e
allfged.
The Blue Lakes Water Company was
incorporated February 28, 18S7, and on
April 17, 1830, the company was reincor
porated under the name Blue Lakes
Water Company. While the company was
essentially the same, the dropping of the
word "the" on the reincorporation made
It a new concern in the sight of the law.
All the water rights of the first named
ccrr.pany, valued at $500,000 and upwards,
were transferred to the successors, one of
the agreements being that all share
holders of the old company should receive
four shares of the capital stock of the
succeeding cotupanv.
The plaintiff c-alins that this reincor
poration savored of fraud and that
Emery and Doble transferred 30,000 shares
of the Ftock of the new incorporation to
Pierce on his threat that he would ruin
them financially. When the plaintiff dis
?5iY e w } hi * tr ansactlon In September,
he demanded 1000 shares of stock cf
the new company on his surrender of 250
chares cf the old concern. This the de
fendants declined to do, whereupon suit
is brought to recover
The attorneys for the plaintiff are Hen
ley &. CoEtello and J. C. Bates.
Water Company to Recover
James E. Damon Sues Blue Lakes
Ing. it is said a convention of at least
500 voters -will be held. If the reformers
have selected a man for Mayor they are
keeping their choice a secret. An'effort
is being made to induce the labor unions
to unite with the reformer, and it is he- i
lieved that the candidates for Councilmen
will be union labor men. After thisTlti
fl C ?l movement places Its ticket In the
dfiaJs^wM^pp^ o^ nd «Pendent can!
Mrs. A. N. Towne and daughter Mm
Clinton, E. Worden,. have returned* from
their trip, much benefited in health.
• Mlsa Alice . Larkin ...and her - father
Thorns .O. Larkin, are, traveling in Bu
¦ '¦¦'¦]. ¦¦•' ¦ i * '/•''¦'?'...' '-
Dr. rBrownell is entertaining hU
parents. Mr. and Mrs. W. W BrowneU
of Woodland, at the Occidental. * owneu
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar i Painter have re
turned from Washington.
• • /, •
Miss Mary Kip is sojourning,. In Phila
delphia. ¦:¦.,.., r
Mrs. R. C. Brower has Lt the past
three months very 111 at hildren's
and- Women's .Hospital, but .a so much
improved at present, that 3he expects to
return home in a few. weeks.
Miss Belle ' Strassburger, ' daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. I. Strassburger, Is engaged
to.be married to ; J. Delmore Ledermah,
an attorney at law of New York Mr
Lederman is at present sojourning here!
Miss Strassburger's father is a stock and
bond broker, and a few years since was
president of the San. Franc sco Verein
• ' ¦•;-•*
.The California branch of the Associa
tion of Collegiate Alumnae will give a
luncheon at Sorosls Hall, 1620 California
street, next Saturday: afternoon. After
the luncheon a business meeting will be
held, and at half-past 2 there will be a
programme, of which Charles A. Mur
dock will be the principal speaker. His
subject is "Civil Service." The address
will be followed by a general discussion
and tea. . ;
. Miss Edith Mack gave a pretty dinner
on Saturday at the home of her parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Mack, 1916 Octavla
street, complimentary to Miss Pepl Lil
ienthal,' who>ls arranging a trip to Eu
rope.- . ¦
Miss Irene Mack, daughter j of Mrs. J.
J. Mack, entertained nineteen of her
young friends in her apartments at the
Palace Hotel on Saturday afternoon in
honor of Miss Edith Guggenhime. The
principal features of entertainment were
a ventriloquist and conjurer. •
by the California Club and the Daughters
of Pioneers Society. Mrs. Lovell White
will give an informal reception this aft
ernoon to the members Of the California
Club at the clubrooms in the Y. M. C. A.
building. All members are Invited to be
present. - ; .
FRAUD IS ALLEGED IN
STOCK TRANSACTION
Street gradients must be less than 6 per
cent, to permit the application. of smooth
pavements. , It was the determination • of
the Board of Public Works to accede to
the demands of the club. In so far as the
ordinances and grades would permit. -
Representatives of the various improve
ment clubs . In the Richmond district
asked for the improvement of Point Loboa
avenue. They want sidewalks and a
macadamized or bituminized roadway and
thirty additional electric . lights through
out the district. -¦¦¦¦ \
All matters were considered and . the
Board of Public Works will recommend
in the next budget the amount it deems
necessary for ~ the requested improve
ments. . ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ •' ••.• /• '. ...,¦_¦¦-.-:
•Representatives of the Larkin Street
Improvement Club appeared before the
Board of Public Works yesterday to con
sider the improvement of the pavement
on Larkin i street from Market to Sutter
streets. The committee desired that the
whole street should be bltumlnlzed, but
the members of the Board of Public
Works objected on the ground that some
of the grades were too . steep: to permit
of the improvement. - -. -
for Better Thoroughfares to the
Board of Public Works. :
Improvement Clubs Present Demands
WANT MANY STREETS
'.. THOROUGHLY IMPROVED
portance of the capture learned.
After a long chase by Mexican troops
some years ago, Soto was captured with
several of his followers. They . were to
have been executed, but Soto broke jail
on the second night and escaped to the
United States.' He assumed the name of
Estivano Lopez and. since then has passed
as a wood chopper, filling in his »J»e mo
ments by engaging in petty mievery.
Last December he was sentenced in Los
Angeles for petty larceny, but broke away
from the chain gang. He was not again
heard of until captured a few days ago,
in company witn a fellow Mexican, as he
was trying to sell a horse blanket ho had
stolen. On this charge -he was bound
over, to the Superior Court.
The outlaw . probably will be sent to
Mexico, where certain death awaits mm.
PASADENA. March 24.— Otariano Soto,
the notorious Chihuahua . desperado and
leader of a gang of revolutionists that a
few years ago terrorized Mexico, has been
captured. The fugitive was arrested for
a petty theft, and only to-day was the im-
"The plans," said Burson, "are being
worked upon in Ventura. The road, win
use electricity, which will be developed In
Sespe Canyon, as motive power. It Is not
the intention of the company to ask for
anything from this end of the line except
the right of way for the present and tne
patronage of the people hereafter. We
have already^ financed the corporation and
the capital is ready' whenever we call for
it, there having been no difficulty in in
teresting bankers and brokers in New
York in the project.
"The plan does not contemplate a mere
street car line, but, on the contrary, it is
expected a big freight business will be
developed between this point and the
coast. We Intend charging a low passen
ger rate. The route so far as has been
decidpd upon will lie along Santa Clara
Valley, Sespe Canyon, across Muta Mead
ows and into the San Joaquln Valley
through one of the several passes which
are to be found this side of Lock-wood
Creek."
BAKERSFIELD, March 24.— The pro
posed railroad which will connect Bakers
field with the coast direct is about to be
built, according to the statement of J,
W. Burson, a representative of a Ventura
company, who -was In Bakersfield to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Petty Burglar Proves to
Be the Notorious
Otariano Soto.
Bakersfleld to Be the
Terminus of an Elec
tric Road.
Sixth race, selling, mile and seventy yards —
El Caney won, Algle M second. Chickadee third.
Time, 1:50%.
Fourth race. Arkansas derby, $750 added,
one mile — Prowl won. Flora Pomona second,
Huntressa third. Time, 1:45*1..
Fifth race, purse, seven furlongs — Nearest
won. Wax Taper second. Brigade third. Time.
1:31%.
Third: race, selling, six furlongs — Schwalbe
won, Harry Wilson second. The Bronze Demon
third. Time, 1:17.
First race, selling, five and a half furlongs —
Eraw Lad won. Horseshoe Tobacco second.
Small Jack third. Time, 1:11.
Second race, four furlongs — Mallory won.
Lady Galantry second. Martin Brady third.
Time, :51Vi.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 24.-The
tenth annual Arkansas Derby waa run
over a slow track. It rained for twenty
four hours prior to the race. The win
ner turned up in Prowl, a seasoned horse
from New Orleans. He was an outsider
in the betting. George Bennett's colt
Herodlade, who went to the post a strong
favorite at 4 t& 5, led for a half-mile and
then went all to pieces. He stopped going
in the stretch and finished absolutely
last. The field got off well bunched, but
there was a lot of crowding on the first
turn. Colburn on Herodiaae cut across
the track and forced Huntressa to pull
up. Had It not been for the Jostling th«»
result might have been different. Prowl
was well ridden. He was nicely placed
during the early part of the race and
came with a rush at the end that waa
npt to be denied. Prowl made bis run
from the eight pole. Results:
Betting-, Easily Defeats the
Favorite.
Prowl, Who Was an Outsider in the
ABKANSAS DERBY IS WON"
. BY A NEW ORLEANS H0BSJ3
OUTLAW TENANTS
PASADENA'S JAIL
SACRAMEN1O, March £4.— The man ar
rested. In Redding by Detective Max
Fisher of this city on suspicion of being
one of the murderers of Hugh Duffy, a
Secramento liquor merchant, had nothing
to do with that crime. The prisoner, who
was brought back to-day by Fisher." Is
suspected of having robbed a gunstore
here last week. .' • ;
Not Hugh Duffy's Murderer.
TOPEKA, " Kans.,- March 24.— Miss
Blanche Boise, a protege of Mra. Nation,
horsewhipped Mayor Parker In his office
at the city building this morning. Three
times she struck the Mayor and then ho
sprang at her, tore the- rawhide out Of
her hand and puBhed her into the hall.
As Miss -Boise was thrust out; of the
office- by Mayor Parker she exclaimed:
"Thank God, I've done it. I've horse
whipped you. and now I'm going to horse
whip the Governor." • .
Before beginning her horsewhipping-
Miss Boise . gave the Mayor a severe
scolding and accused him; of being re
sponsible for the fact- that the joints are
running openly . in Topeka and lor
murder which was recently committed in
a local saioon. She had the whip con
cealed in ¦ the- folds of her dress.
' Miss Boise is a nurse by profession and
is about 35 years of. age. ¦ .
When seen by the reporters after the
affair -Mayor Parker refused, to discuss
it. The woman who whipped him talked
freely, however. She sald:
•I was in sympathy with Mrs. Nation,
but did not take part in her raids. I
have come to the conclusion that the only
way to make public officers . enforce the
temperance laws is to horsewhip them.
I have an organization behind me and we
have whips- for Governor Stanley- and
Judge Hazen. .1 will wait and see how
this dose acts on Mayor Parker before
1 repeat It. I think It 13 a good plan."
RAILS FROM KERN
COUNTY TO COAST
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 24.
The refusal of Justice of the Peace Stet
son to issue a subpena for G. B. Daniels,
general manager of the Oakland Enquirer,
to appear before him to have his deposi
tion taken on Wednesday next In the now
noted Enquirer litigation, has caused "D.
Edward Collins, 'the plaintiff in the case,
to appeal to the Superior Court to force
'Justice Stetson to issue the subpena.
When the Justice refused to act in the
matter Mr. Collins filed an affidavit > In
the Superior Court declaring»that he de
sired to have the deposition taken and
that Justice Stetson refused to issue the
subpena. Upon this affidavit Mr. Collins
asked that the Superior Court issue a writ
of mandate compelling the Justice to Issue
the subpena and conduct the hearing.
The matter was referred to Judge Greene
of the Superior Court and this afternoon
the Judge issued an alternative writ of
mandate to Justice Stetson requiring him
to appear to-morrow morning at 11 o clock
and show cause why he did not issue the
subpena.
G. B. Daniels refused tD answer any
questions before Court Commissioner
Babcock and when it was decided that
the Court Commissioner had no power to
punish for contempt no way was found
to make him answer. Now appeal has
been made to a Justice of the Peace, but
the Justice does not desire to act in the
matter and Mr. Collins .seeks to have the
Superior Court force him to do so.
"All that we want is to have Mr. Dan
iels answer a few very Important ques
tions." said Mr. Collins to-day.
"The indications are that they are try-
Ing to get me into Jail." said G. B. Dan
iels commenting upon this new move.
There was an entire absence of com
ment regarding the purpose of Russia
and France to move together in the Far
East. Like the United States, Germany
is apparently keeping aloof from all alli
ances regarding China. Her relations
with Great Britain are so strained . and
her pretensions to Shantung are so an
tagonistic to Japanese interests that it Is
not likely that she will join the alliance
of the Tokio and London governments,
even if an opportunity were offered her.
In diplomatic circles here the belief Is
expressed that should the occasion neces
sitate she will range herself in all Chinese
questions alongside of Russia. and France.
A high . official of the Government with
whom I talked to-day spoke of the highly
influential position the United States now
has in China. This Government is abso
lutely free from any entangling alliances
and In the discussion of Chinese Questions
will be able to act with an absolutely free
hand. Its Interests are commercial and
not territorial and' as a result of the earn
est work of Secretary Hay every power
has Iterated and reiterated pledees of its
support to maintain China's. territorial In
tegrity and to acquire no exclusive priv
ileges therein. . : . " ¦ -
This agreement announced the purpose
of Germany and Great Britain to observe
the principles • of the territorial Integrity
Of China and the open door, which. In his
report, Hay stated. was gratifying to the
United States. A clause of this agreement
provided for the operation of the two gov
ernments together In case It became nec
essary to take, steps for the protection of
their own interests. "As this clause refers
to reciprocal arrangements between two
high contracting powers," Hay stated,
"the Government of the United States
does not regard Itself as called upon to ex
press an opinion in respect to it." ••-¦.= •»•
The same observation is made with re
spect,to the Anglo-Japanese alliance.
The reply of the United States to the
recent- Franco-Russian declaration was
delivered yesterday and the correspond
ence will probably be published this week.
The Secretary expressed gratification that
both Russia and France had announced
as their policy the principles which have
been continually advocated by the United
States.
. Great Britain had especial reason to be
aware of the policy of this country . in
view of Hay's reply to the note of iord
Pauncefote, communicating, to him the
agreement made betweenthe London and
Berlin governments during , the Boxers'
revolt. : ; •¦•... :
. As more Is to be gained; by maintaining
absolute silence regarding Its ' policy . and
by : dealing with the questions as they
arise, this Government has declined to
give any intimation of its future action
should the relations of Great Britain and
Japan. on the one hand and Russia and
France on the other became strained to
the point of breaking.. .The President will
use his good offices to preserve peace. The
United titatea does not want war. The
policy of this Government Is one of peace,
and every effort will be made to preserve
existing conditions. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . -
The United States was not Invited to
Join the Anglo-Japanese alliance. Both
Great Britain and Japan understand
that the historic. policy ot the United
States forbade its participation in ¦ "en
tangling alliances." . '. ,
CALL. BUREAU, -1406 G STREET,' N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March .24.— Because
of : the importance . of : the attitude; ol .the
United States, 'representatives of the great
powers in Washington . have ,'m'ade ; an
earnest effort to ascertain Its character In
case of war in the. far East. . ' : \ ;
'They dragged me over the hills at the
end of the rope," he said. "The rope was
around my ankle and it hurt.
"This charge of insanity is utterly ab
surd,'' he continued. "But I have money
and I will fight to a finish. The idea of
tending me to an asylum! I'm neither
dangerous to myself nor any one else and
you cant send a man to an asylum un
less he is dangerous."
Thompson had not been on the stand
long before he had to make way for an
other case and the hearing came ud aeain
et5 £clpck. At that time Drs. Hamiin
and lledros testified that they thought
the man ought to be restrained. Judge
Melvin did not decide what he would do
though intimating that he would commit
him to an asylum, and continued the
hearing until to-morrow morning. . -
There Is a question as to what kind of
an asylum he ought to be committed
Thompson wants to go to Napa if he is
committed, and he has urged his attor
ney to make a special plea for him. His
brother wants him sent to a private asy
lum, where he proposes to pay the ex
penses.
This lassoing episode was very humil
iating to Thompson's pride and he com
plained bitterly about it on the witness
stand.
Lassoing Humiliated Him.
Thompson has been roaming at will
about the country for three or four
years. He came to California five months
e.-o and spent some of his tjme at Los
Oatos. Two weeks ago he went to the
Livermore Sanitarium because* he was
iiot well. There his brother, who had
been following him around the country
found him and tried to persuade him to
etay until he fully recovered. He thought
he would be restrained and ran away
over the hills, but was recaptured by a
vaquero, who lassoed him and dragged
him back to the sanitarium.
Kicks Plate Glass to Pieces.
On account of his perverseness In the
Unusual, Thompson's people have had
him put under restraint four or five
times. Once they put him in a private
eeylum in Michigan and he kicked $lwX>
worth of plate glass into pieces and the
tamily had to foot the bill. He escaped
ana went to New Orleans and put up at
the best hotels without having a cent to
pay for the luxury. When the hotel pro
prietor ejected him such a sympathy was
created In his behalf by the newspapers
and the hotel guests that a big purse was
raised in a few hours to tide him over his
embarrassment. . -
A eocd part of Thompson's mother's
fortune has been sp«nt trying to avoid
scandal on his account. He developed a
penchant for getting himself Into trouble
and creating trouble for as many people
as he could at one time. His eccentriciil.is
have led him to consort with anarchists
and to perform all sorts of unheard-of
things that bring men Into public notice
and heap notoriety on their relatives.
"Watts C. Thompson, the wealthy young
roan from Michigan, who was arrested
last Saturday for Insanity at the instance
of his brother, Philip Thompson, was
given a chance in Judge Melvin's court
this morning to clear himself of the im
peachment against him. Thompson Is an
interesting insane suspect not only on ac
count of his wealth, which is said to
nearly touch the million-dollar mark, but
because he is a first cousin to young
Lelter, the man who made most wheat
plungers look like pigmies when he de
scended Into the bidding pits of Chicago
several years ago. His mother and Lel
ter's mother are sisters, and both have
large sums of money in their names.
Oakland Office San Frandsccco Call,
111S Broadway. March 24.
Vows to Rawhide Governor
«-,¦; if tnV Joints Are Not
Suppressed.
of Trouble.
Declines to Give Intimation of
Future Action in ;Gase;,V
Captain Hancock took great interest in
every question looking to the development
of this section. He was an earnest ex
ponent of water storage and was the local
representative of the Agua Fria Canal
and Reservoir Company, a partially com
pleted enterprise.
After the close of the war he was em
ployed as a post trader for some years
and In 1871 came to the Salt River Valley.
Being an engineer, he was . employed by
his associates to survey the townslte of
Phoenix. Captain Hancock then erected
the first house ever built on the townsite.
This dwelling was torn down some years
ago to make room for a business block.
He was the first postmaster and later
the first Sheriff of the county and held
numerous official positions since then. He
surveyed the Salt River Valley canal, the
oldest irrigation ditch in the Territory
now In use and one of the best.
Captain Hancock was a pioneer of Cali
fornia and Arizona. He went to Cali
fornia across the plains from Iowa in the
early fifties and for some years engaged
In mining and ranching in Sacramento
County. In 1S64 he enlisted in Cpmpany
K, Seventh Regiment. California Volun
teers, and, marching south, reached Yuma
in 186G. From there he was sent to Fort
McDowell and later was made captain of
a company of Plma Indians, whose serv
ices were employed against the hostile
Apaches. His exploits in Indian warfare
form a large part of Arizona's early his
tory.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. March 24.— Captain
William A. Hancock, who first surveyed
the Phoenix townaite and who erected the
first building here, died this morning of
acute nethritls, after an Illness of a couple
of days. He was a native of Barre,
Mass., and 71 years old. . He Is survived
by a widow and two children living here
and a sister, Miss Carrie Hancock, in
Sacramento. -*T. ?*v--' L V T *-' :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
structed in the Terri
torial Capital.
His Dwelling the First Con-
D. Edward Collins Appeals to
Superior Court for
Spends His Money Roaming
About Making Trouble
For Other Pecple.
in Phoenix.
Captain William A. Han
cock Passes Away
. » -
Will Use Every \ Effort to
Preserve Harmony in
Far^East.
Protege of Carrie Nation
Goeson the Warpath
at Topeka.
Takes Another •
Famous "Enquirer" Suit
W. C. Thompson Pleads
, He Is Perfectly
. Sane.
ARIZONA LOSES
NOTED PIONEER
ATTACKS MAYOR
WITH HORSEWHIP
UNCLE SAM AIMS
TO PREVENT WAR
LEITER'S COUSIN
TELLS HIS STORY
Pacific Coast Woman's; -Press- Association
':'-!:. Function to J Be Given -at Century^Hallin ARril.
Dinners and Theater i Parties Occupy Society
CLEVER WRITERS WILL GIVE
VAUDEVILLE ENTERTAINMENT
SEEKS TO MAKE
DANIELS ANSWER
THE SAjST FRANCISCO; CA^, TUESDAY, MAR
9
£^ £k. Hfc % fjk 411 B 4fK Hfl & Is tte nam e sometimes given to what
§ iBlittdilllilll^fe is generally known as the BAD DIS-
.^VI!H*l*ilV*IO EASE. It is not confined to dens of
*;~f -:z£\- vice or the lower classes. The purest
DIa Ail fH^ A S Jf> 4%. VT& anc^ k est people are sometimes
H»@ilI@HH fllriil^fciilS infected with this awful malady
PlVvXi I Vlvvli through handling the clothing, ,
'.¦..;.- .--'¦'." drinking from the same vessels,
using the same toilet articles, or otherwise coming in contact with persona
¦who have 'contracted it. ".
It; begins ustially with a little blister or sore, then swelling in the
groins, a red eruption breaks ont on,. T ea year. a«o I contracted a bad ca^
the- body, sores and ulcers appear of Blood Polion. I was under treatment
in the mouth, the throat; becomes ot a physician until I found that he could
ulcerated, the hair, eye brows and - £° «* : »° Bood ' ™** *•*** taking '::.
lashes fall .out; the blood becom ing ?££
more , contaminated, copper 'colored the disease disappeared. I took six bot-
splotches and pustular eruptions and ties and today am sound and well,
sores appear upm 'different parts of B.M. Wall, Morxistown, Tana. .
the body, and. the poison even destroys the bones. . I
• — S. S. S. is £ Specific for this loathsome disease, and cures it even in the :
worst forms. Jt is a perfect antidote for the powerful virus that pollutes
:^m+ s _ ¦ e Wood and penetrates to all parts of the system. ,„'
|^^ (f^*$ :. /^^ Unless you-get this poison out of your blood it will
VJ^w \^V * ru * n y 0^* " an^ bring disgrace • and disease upon .1
K^^l N^)j KOj your children, for it can be transmitted from parent ";
.¦t""^\. m^- ¦¦%.—^- to. child. ' S. S. S. contains no mercury or potash, )
but is guaranteed a strictly vegetable compound.
Write for our free home treatment book and learn all about Contagious ¦ .
Blood Poison. -If you want medical advice give us a history of your case, _
arid ¦ our physicians will furnish" all .the information you wish without any--
charge whatever- THE SWIFT SPECIFIC. CO., ATLANTA, 6A. C<
Established 1823.
UJTUiClfFV
That's All I /
JAKE JOSEPH, Representative. 300 Battery Street, Ban Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1902.
10
SAH FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
vntll 12 o'clock every night in tho year.
ERANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
coiwx Clay; open until 9.:30 p. m. - '
300 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; optn until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10. p. m.
2261 Market Etreet corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
1096 Valencia street** open until 9 p. m.
. Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. - •. V
2200 nilmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING JVOTICES,
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. AM., •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) KVEN- _JV,
ING. March 25, ot 7:30 o'clock. M. Ttjf
M. degree. By order of the H. P. / l
• FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge Xo. 30, F. and A. ft
M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:15 o'clock. D. j£j£
2. By order of W. M. /?>
EDWIXX. MEYER. •Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. a
121 Eddy st,. meets THIS EVENING, _J^_
7:30 o'clock. 3 D. l£X
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /^T >
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. ft
M.— Third degree THIS <TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. JkJ?
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary, /^r l
NOTICE to the stockholders of The Risdon
Iron and' Locomotive Works is hereby given
that in pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the office of the corporation,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th Jay of
March. 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
uf The Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the oftice of the corporation,
No.'25iS Steuart st., in the city and county of
San Francisco. Stat* of California (the same
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board
. of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES- i
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con- '
cldering and acting upon a proposition to
create a banded Indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (GOO.GOO) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys ¦
to purchase additional property to complete |
the wurks and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and neces- :
eary purposes. By order of the Board of '
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Continued.
BARBERS, attention— $300 will buy nice bar-
ber shop with 4 elegantly furnished rooms,
kitchen, parlor; fine yard; healthy location
. In the city; rent only $15 month, with lease;
clears $25 per week; present owner 8 years
. there; come quick; don't miss this oppor-
tunity. P. S. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny, room 1.
$350— RESTAURANT doing a rushing busl-
' ness; 0 tables, 20 chairs; with long counter
and 15 stools ; present owner made lots of
• money; best-paying restaurant on the street.
Call or address P. B. DE LUCA & CO.. 318
Kearny et. room 1. . O
SSOO — CORNER famtly hardware and ¦ variety
store and dry goods, stationery, candles, to-
bacco, cigars; a great bargain if taken at
: once; don't miss this great opportunity. For
' full particulars call or address P. S. DE
LUCA, 318 Kearny St., room 1.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand Investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 318 Kearny,. r. L
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
| us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 318 Kearny st., room 1.
$650^-PARTNER in an old established car-
penter shop to attend cash and collect; owner
is both a mechanic and a contractor; $150 to
$200 mo. each guaranteed; positively a bai-
galn to suitable party.' For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA, 818 Kearny
et., room 1. •
A PHOTO studio on Market st: furnished re-
gardless of cost; doing a splendid business;
present owner been there for years; must sell
on account of other business; here is your
chance. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st .
AJ^RUIT store in heart of town; clearing $100
month; a snap; $250. Rchlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — CORNER cigar store In heart of town; this
is a bargain; $200. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third.
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400. In a well-
eetabllshed business- that will pay him from
$150 to $200 a ifronth. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A CANDY store,' manufacturing and icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
HO minutes from city; present owner been
there 7 years; best of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A — SALOON en Third St.. close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands. .Cigar stands
30 busy, money-making stands, $75 to $2000.
I sell choice. well located stands only.
HEDGES, 401-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A— BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively "netting
$200 monthly; long established; choicest loca-
. tlon city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGES. 481 Parrott bldg. -
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
TO Iease-~55-room lodging-house '.-V- will ¦': be
built for suitable' tenant on sunny side of
Turk St., near Jones. SHAINWALD,- BUCK-
BEE & CO V 218-220 Montgomery st.
TO lease — Handsome building of 40 rooms," de-
signed for offices for physicians, dentists,
etc. ; now being built on north side of Sutter
St., near Powell. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE
& . CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
RYAN & O'ROURKE, ' ;
819 Market— Phone Mint 865,
Rooms 31 and 31A. "
Rooming houses, • all sizes and prices, in
all parts of city. " Big free list. •
Plenty of money at 1% per cent
Five hundred houses for sale. .
Any house on monthly payments.
A — ~~, ""- Near The Call bulMIng..
Telephone Black . 1-S-O-H.
MARION GRIFFIN. 710 Market st:, rms. 1-2,
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at ray office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 -Market. Some bargains-
$050 — 15 rooms; Market st.; $375,; 19-room
house, Jackson.
$200—7 rooms, rent $15, and $3000, 30 rooms;
00 more houses.
Some good bargains. Only honest trade. _
SPECIAL BARGAINS ...........
20 rooms,- rent $50. only J050
29 rooms rent $00. good furniture. 1150
39 rooms, rent $83. see this $2250
45 rooms, near Market st 2500
WINSTON & WOLF. 102C Market st.
A— $2000: LODGING-HOUSE of 31 rooms;
splendidly furnished; rooms all rented; well
located on Market st. ; satisfactory reasons
given for selling; no agents. Box 4550. Call.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
. list first' MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market
KRA8KY & CO.. 1049A Market St., room 16.—
Lodging-houses, hotels 'and flats; 5 rooms to
$200; $200. up; see us before you buy.
A SWELL; 28 rooms; nice porcelain sinks;
newly papered; downtown. SRECK & CO..
SPIRITUALISM. V
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1104 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. ¦
MRS. HUBBARD, 100 Oak st— Circle. Tues-
day and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wed. ladles, 2:30
p. m. ; 10c; meetings dally, 50c. ¦ .- .
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., S p. m.; COc. 1084 Bush st,
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of splflt return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come/ skeptics.
EDUCATIONAL—- Conttoned. : ,
ACTING, elocution, "specialties ;. Hallet School.
, associated, with theatrical ; agency securing
": 'positions. .Alcazar, building. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING— Civil elec." mlnlng.mech.Fur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day eve.; est' 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
r beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR.- expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA' Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
-; new «0-page catalogue free. ,305 Larkln st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 1 1 1
¦ good positions last -reek: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. - Business College. 1238 Market.
VIOLIN, guitar, '¦ mandolin banjo- taught In
class. $1 month: -1836 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUB piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 60c; piano for practice. 30 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar." writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5, mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or - personally.
MISS M. G." BARRETT. 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
; teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON- 8 DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st. '
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F.;
founded 1863 ; new bO-page catalogue free.
YMEKT OFFICEg.^."-
A — JAPANESE -reliable house-cleaning, cooRi
and waiters furnished • at : short notice. Geo.
Klnoshita. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; te^ East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. .20 years.
Tel: Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chines* best help; cook -and
waiter. 421 Post. GBO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 618S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 624 Bush st. ; tel. 510. :
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;terl.Black 5072.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing-; $1 p«r year.
EMPLO YBIENT • .AVAKTED— FEMALE.'"
RESPECTABLE girl would like place doing
' housework and cooking In small family; Call
FURJflTURE FOR ',; SALE. ;~ . ..
MAHOGAN Y i davenport, . chair to match, steel
¦ range, ; parlor cabinet, carpets, ' dining table,
. bookcase, etc. E30 G. G. ave.; r. 20; call 1 to 5.
FOR Sale^ — Furniture and household goods, bed-
ding. v 236 Valley st, bet. Church and San-
' chet; -green Mission sf car. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE for sale; eight-room flat; top
floor. 475 Fourth st. . ' * • - '
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture *r 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH. r. 415. . Examiner bldg. .
A. WOLLPERT. -773 Mission St.. . pays highest
price for second-hand furniture ;tel. Red 1354.
¦ ' ' ¦ ¦- ' ' ' ¦".' GLOVES. 7^^_
D. & F. 1 BLACK suede glove rbesTin* the world;
warranted; kept in repair. -121 Grant ave.
~ ' HELP.; WAKTF.D--FKMALK. ;
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Orant 185
v ¦;. .V ...-. ... HOTEL DEPARTMENT . ........
Bookkeeper.'- restaurant (experienced).. $7 wk
Crewot waitresses, country, hotel-: $25
" Waitresses, -: summer resorts ...... i... ... $20
¦-. 50 waitresses, city and country $20-$30
. '¦ 6 cooks, restaurants -.."....¦......¦...'.'• $30-$40
Fancy lroners; manglerS. . . .$10-$6 60 week
......... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cooks, houseglrls,' second girls, $10-$30. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. (Will re-
move March 31 to 423 Bush St.. opposite
.California Hotel.) ____________
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.". .. .Phone Main 1575
SK . ... .... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 ' waitresses,' commerelaf hotels, $25, fares
paid; 12 waitresses, city and country hotels,
$20 • and $25; 2 waitresses, city, $30. sleep
home; restaurant waitress, $7 week; waitress,
bakery. $30 -month; chambermaid, $20; 3
-chambermaids to v.-ait. $20 --.-
;......... FAMILY DEP A RTMENT/.'. .:...:.
• Mother and daughter, German preferred, $50;
4 cooks, $30; 25 houMgirls, city and country.
MRS.'M. E. DAY & CO.; 335 Geary st. ,
WANTED^-First class cook, ¦ $35, no wash;
also second girl, $25; both same house, short
'distance out of town, see lady at office this
. forenoon; second girl, - Mento. $25; 4 second
girls,- city, $20 and $25; infant's nurse, $.10;
(! cooks. $30, plain wash; 14 girls housework,
$25 and $.10; French maid, traveling, $25;
¦ 18 waitresses for city and country hotels.
$20 and $25; 0 restaurant waitresses, $7 and
$S week; nurse girl, $25; all kinds of house-
work, city and' country.' $20. '$25 and $30.
Apply to J.F, CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
A YOUNG girl for labeling in wholesale wine
house, $5 a week. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
:. HELP' ' WASTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY.... Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Office open 7 a. m.
................ Ship To-oay • -
............ 1J0OO' Railroad Men ..„. •••-"
For Nevada ...*.... Frro rare
..-. ..State of Nevada...
35 for steel gang • • • .Nevada— Free
Gang of men for extra work. B - *¦; "•
Wages $2 to $3 day ....... .••-.
Ship Daily ••••• Free
. MISCELLANEOUS. ¦
2 carpenters, country ?«* ou aay
Carriage painter.' country shop.
5 laborers, city $1 75 and $2 day
Bench hand, planing) mill -SM aay
16 farmers for orchai|d and vineyard....... *j£O ;
Groom or stableman. \ private family; English-
man preferred: see boss here. „
Stable man residence on ranch ......••-•> Vi
4 hostlers, city stables $35 and MO f d .
3 stablemen. <iuntry $30 and $35 fd
Man to raise vegetables. care_for stock. $30 fd
Cheese maker, $35 and fd: 3 .dairymen: e
milkers, city and country, $30 and $35 fd
Gardener, private place • • •*•«> " i
60 woodchoppers and tie makers, good wages, i
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook and wife, small mining camp: see boss j
here to-day; 4 bakers, country shops, sao,
butcher, country, $65; washer and starcher.
country laundry. $15 wk; 7 cooks. $35 to $80;
3 porters; 6 waiters; kitchen help and dish-
washers. » . , ; ''¦¦"'- 2
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St^
AT . THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
68L.Thlrd St.. near Call bldg.. phone Bush 403.
Rallroai Men for Nevada ........ {
. ....' Nevada
Free Fare .......'. Free Fare
50 teamsters $2 to $2 25 per day
20 rockmen $2 25 per day
Gang of laborers .$2 to $2 50 per day
Ship Dally
' LUMBERMEN . .........
Head sawyer, band mill...... ...$4 50 per day
Head setter ........$55 per month and board
Head trimmer .....$45 per month and board
10 lumber pliers $2 per day
3 handy men. city mill $1 50 per day
3 boys (18 years) $1 to $1 25 per day
1 dishwasher .$20 and found
4 stablemen $15 to $60 per month
. _ , . ; ¦ — — ~T .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
WANTED I
500 teamsters for Nevada $2 a. day j
500 laborers for Nevada $2 a day l
rockmen for Nevada $2 a day
20 stonemasons for Nevada $4 a day
60 masons' helpers for Nevada $2 a day
3 blacksmiths for Nevada $3 a day
Ship night and morning
•uirectoir.
(Signed.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR.
Secretary of The Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
REV. DR. CARRADINE. the rioted holiness
evangelist, will preach In this city from
March 23 to April 1. twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7:30. at Metropolitan Ha*.!, Fifth et., near
Market; on week days at 10 a. m. at Peuiel
Mlfglon Hall. 49 Third st All are invited.
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Western Suzar Re-
fiElnc Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market et., San Francisco.
Cal.. on Monday, the 31st day of March,
1902, at the hour of 12 in., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer bocks will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HAXXAM. Secretary-
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company Trtil be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market et.. in
the city and county of Fan Francisco. State
ef California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
rt March. 19C2. at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year
and fcr the transaction of such ether busi-
ness as rr.sy come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 14,
18C2. at 3 o'clock r. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ENGROSSING.
Resolution?, etc., in first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Post
AGENCY WANTED-
IMPORTANT
TO MERCHANTS.
An energetic American business man, having
extensive experience in the Orient aad Epan-»
lsh countries, knowing Spanish language and
business methods, is going to Manila to es-
tablish a commifsion-house; would accept
agency there of firet-clacs business bouse,
manufacturing or commercial, or of a line
of goods. ACdrecs box-S737. Call.
¦ AGENTS WAITTgD.
AGENTS — ?10 daily, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private and public buildings
buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
A — SALOON: located on busy Kearny-st. cor-
ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for sale: can be bought right; will
Ftand closest investigation. Ask HEDGES,
461 . Parrott bldg.
A — $5000 WILL buy fine paying retail store;
long estab.; excellent location; near Market:
will invoice $6000; - all clean stock; • offered
only account sickness; chance seldom found;
would be fine opportunity to start son right
in tli «>: might exchange ' for city real estate.
Ask HEDGES. 461-4C2 Parrott bide.
HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
Stores;- 4 paying gen. mdse.; good towns.
Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying. In city.
Groceries and bars; 0; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
Cigar, stationer}*, notion stores: good ones.
Saloon; a good-paying one; good location.
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and country real estate. ¦
HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy si. S. F. ¦
JOSEPH STRAJJB.
S50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
, Real Estate Arent
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
i • Agent
THE best paying business In Alameda County;
full and thorough Investigation given; live,
active man with $6000 can make. $500 per
month; ample security for $6300; 'Investigate
if you want a fine business and have the
money; "departure of owner the reason for
selling. W. K. CONGER & CO.. 1501 Park
et, Alameda; phone Grand 176.
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or de-
elre to invest see SPAULDING. U16 Market
St., room 67. for quick and profitable results.
BARGAIN — $250; branch bakery, notions,
candy, etc.. North Beach; present owner 6
years, estab. 12 years; other business cause
of selling; receipts $10 dally; positively no
agents. Bex 4521. Call. . ,
ACTIVE partner wanted In legitimate, profit-
able office business of long standing; relia-
bility more than money required; call per-
sonally. 408 California St.. room 4. . .
DELICATESSEN; established several years;
clearing $200 a month; low rent; owner re-
tiring from business; will sell for $1100. Box
4D23. Call office.
A — $200; PARTNER wanted: good chance for
steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
•410 Kearny at., room 36. .
A— $125 BUYS $250 cigar stand: best location;
fine business. JDall at 245 Third st.
W G. KEEG AN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 148 Sixth.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests;
10c; ladles' readings 50c. gents' $1. 132 Sixth.
KATIE HEUBSMANN. business Elttlngs dally.
1774 Fifteenth st. near Guerrero.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 323 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; tegt to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ""_ j
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17< Third St.. next Examiner bldff.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in. trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told . how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
X — 50c and $1; PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader; advice oh busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry: how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth,
lock hair. C questions. 1007% Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F, CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction' guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISM AR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant ' and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op-
¦ poslte Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. .Sundays from 10 to 12 a.m.-
MME. PORTER, wonderfuli clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life rending: ladies 50c,
' gents $; palm, and c'alr. sit. $1 50.. 126 Turk.
MADAM CLARITA, ~~ 7 ~- >.•..• • " . .•
! Most wonderful Egyptian card reader; al!
ques. answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p.
m. to 0 p. m. only. Phone Polk 831. 702 Post
A— MISS M. WILLE. 32CA Ellis;, clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: &0c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads- life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME ODELL. plairvovant- rnrris Jtr tp» l»av«a
74 Shipley ¦¦ st.. between Folsom and Harri-
son, off Fourth. . . '„ .¦ ¦ '.¦'¦•¦ : •
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation to
do second work; good ' references; - country
preferred. 441 O'Farrell st.
CAPABLE young ¦ woman wishes position as
children's nurse; : references. Box 4516, ¦ Call.
MIDDLE-AGED J American . woman desires
housekeeper's position or cook on ranch. 108
Sixth St., room 11, second floor.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants to do general
. housework. Apply 255 Lexington ave.
WOMAN wants work by day washing or Iron-
Ing. 10 Stevenson ave., on Valencia.
WOMAN wishes work by day, washing. Ironing
or house-cleaning. Laundress, 300 Hayes at.
WANTED — By a first-class cook and baker in
all its branches for camp or small country
hotel.' 1211V6. Howard st. ..'^
GIRL wishes situation for general housework
or cooking. Call 344 Harriet st
A GERMAN woman desires a situation as
housekeeper. Inquire at 5C4 Bryant sti
WANTED— Position as housekeeper;' no objec-
1 tion.to children. E. H., 17 Grant ave. ',
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; perfect fit guar-
anteed; terms, reasonable. .769 McAllister st
WANT ads and . subscriptions taken -lor. The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C39 McAllister st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
.bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
( subscriptions has been established at 100<1
| Valencia st. . ¦,
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call, 16 pages, . sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
KMPL'OYaiKNT WANTED— MAXE.
BY German gardener, all-around man. handy
and willing, on private place;. city or.Oak-
land. Box 3736. Call office. ;=¦-¦¦--
STEADY young : man (German) wishes posl-
/ tlonas bartender. 330 Main st
DRAUGHTSMAN, experienced and with good
city references, wants employment A. B.,
box 4517, Call office. . . . : y . .,
ENGINEER with good references' wishes 'a
position. Address WM. HAMILTON. Oak-
1.1,4 t> r> - i ¦ ¦ •' -
Clay St. . j ¦-¦-.. ¦ ' - >
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. -20 Montgomery, r. 12.
• Bookkeeper and cashier. . : ,
YOUNG: girl to assist .. In ' housework. 2124
. Green st; call before . 12.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free -of charge; will be
g paid while . learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — Stenographer la' law office; state
- age, experience, salary required and former
employment. Address box 4250. Call, Oak-
land.
AN experienced waist hand and trimmer; must
also understand tailoring. " MADAM LICH-
AU'S Dressmaking Parlors, 455 Geary st:
WOMAN for general housework, 3 in family;
heavy washing- given out. Call bet. 1 and
8 p. m. 1182 Shotwell St., near Twenty-sixth.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work; plain Iron-
ing, help with older children; wages. $25.
1817 California st. '__!_
YOUNG ¦ lady . to assist In office and typewrit-
ing, live at' home; give full particulars and
salary expected to start. Box 4518, Call. "
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands for
waists and suits. KOHLBERG. STRAUSS
; & FROHMAN. 107 Post St. store.
WANTED — A girl for housework across the
bay; good place for the right one. Call 1121 Vi
Folsom St. '
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course: short-
hand speed class, $2 month. 027 Market St.,
room 305. j
FIRST-CLASS alteration hands von skirts and
waists. ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc., 114
Kearny st. . '
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; small family; good wages. 776 McAllis-
ter st. .
WANTED — Tailoress; also apprentice, paid
while learning. 504 Eddy st. . ; ¦_:
GIRL for cooking and general housework; ref-
erences. 1027 Geary st. ¦
GIRL wanted for light housework; good home."
623 Halght st. '.
EXPERIENCED girl for cooking and general
. housework, family of adults. 1126 Eddy St.
A GIRL to care of stock In wholesale millinery
department. 043 Market St.
. f rue - lure ........x 1 rer laic •••¦.... m; j « taiu
; 100 tunnelmcn '. . . .$2, $2 CO and $3 a day
For Chatsworth Park Big tunnel
. Ship dally Free fare
Will remove to 429 Bush street between
Kearny and Grant avenue, opposite California
Hotel, after March 31. 1002.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S 610 Clay st
FREE FARE ...FOR NEVADA
.....' RAILROAD WORK
50 teamsters $2 a day \
50 driller* $2 25 a day t
50 sloDers $2 a day I
50 laborers .$2 a day |
Teamster, ranch. Oakland $26
2 farmers, steady places $20
American milker :.$S0
2 milkers, small "strings $30 and S25
Farmer and wife ...» $40
Handy man with toolsr country hotel.... $25
- Experienced wine cellar man: . . .$15 a week
Cook for bay boat $15
4 woodchoopers, near city $1 50 a cord
Porter and draw beer $40
NIGHT cook. $50; butler. «50; waiters, bel£
boy, elevator boy and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO..
. N . - 628 Sacramento St
JOBBING gardener. $1 25 a day and
board; blacksmith for country. $2 50 to $3 00 t
day; 4 milkers, $30 and found; 10 lumber j
pliers,- $2 day: choreman for ranch; 3 j
carpenters, $3 50 day; 3 car builders; cheese i
'maker and wife, $40 and found; edger man, I
$70, and boy for ranch, $15 and found; la- j
borers; man and wife for resort. $50, and s
others. ' J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
; • ~ 623 Sacramento St
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 316 Stockton st
Second cook. $75: broiler. $60; third cook,
$40; waiter, short-order house. $35; waiter,
oyster house, $7 a 'week; dishwasher, hotel,
$25 and found: dishwasher. $5 a week; sll-
verman, $20: first-class gardener. $30; plain
gardener, country, $30; gardener and do
chores, $25, etc
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2« Montgomery, r. 12.
Clerk and bookkeeper. $50.
WANTED — A steady man with $100 for a plain
every-day business that will pay about $70,
per month; stead v place; experience not re-
quired. Apply 101G Market st. room 10.
WANTED — Young man stenographer and type-
writer for un-country railroad office; must
have had previous experience: give age, ref-
- erence. etc. Address box 4315. Call.
MASTER Barbers — Regular meeting Master
Barbers' Association to-night at 102 O'Far-
rell st. at 8.30 o'clock. S. HELLER. Sec. I
pie are locking for; they do not require a i
chimney (to break) or wick to trim, and make
DO smoke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp with-
out expense or trouble, and produce the best,
cheapest and cleanest light; it is a great
money maker for agents: 200 per cent profit:
¦write at once and set to work right away;
sample free. Enterprise Mfg. Co., B. S67.
Cincinnati. Ohio.
AGENTS granted — No experience required; any
inieliipent lady or gentleman can make from
$6 to $12 per day working for us; business
pleasant and honorable; good territory for
hustlers: lawyers, ministers or teachers who
need additional Income wanted all over the
Btate. WELLS & SAUXDEES. 630 Market.
AGENTS -R-antPu; experience not necessary;
salary $3 to $C per day; camples and par-
ticulars trailed 60c. Call or address room
26. 207 Powell et.. San Francisco.
I WANT men and women to cell what all must
have and will buy again. THEO. NOEL,
Geologist. San Francisco, Cal.
SOLICITOR war-ted, man or woman, for tea
and coffee; good Inducements. 2126% Mission.
DEBITS open for industrial Insurance agents;
good field. Apply box 54. Stockton. CaL
.ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: fntnre predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KINO, atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; a..l cases; damages, estates, wills, tnort-
rag**. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal paper* drawn; consultation free;
no advance chajges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick ;quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; cpen every evening; low fees;
all caaes. J. M. THURSTON. 810 Market at
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
BlCYCliES--ror Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is felling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
eet thing out'; agency Columbia. Monarch. oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. S01 Larkln st
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
VARELIKO canaries and all kinds of eong*,
talking and fancy birds; gold flsh. pet 6tock.
<**ses. globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 154C Market *t..bet.8th&9th.
BOARDING FOR-CHILDREX.
A CHILD to board 4 to S years of age. Call or
address J. S. H.. C15 Central ave.. Alameda.
HOOKS \E\V ASD OLD. ' ' ". '
BOOKS of all kinds bought -libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BL'SIMSSH CHAACBS.
A — (750; GROCERY and bar on Ninth . St.;
established years; good paying: business. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— SKX); RESTAURANT on Third et, close to
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st
A— *300: SALOON with 8 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $2D; great bargain; must be sold at
once. Call R- G. WILKE,-26~4 Kearny st. .
A — $00; RESTAURANT and chop house on 5th
st; must be sold to-day; owner has to leave
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
$1500— ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, Including . 4
furnished rooms; a first-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2t;U
Kearny et. ¦ . .--;¦-..
$500 — PARTNER wanted in a corner liquor
store on Geary et; rent $35; rare chance for
& rood man. Call £. G. WILKE, 26 £
ICcaray *t ' .
$2500 — CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2C^ Kearny st. ¦¦..¦.¦'¦• .„ ; ,
A— $300; RESTAURANT ond chop house; rent
S20; good place; 1 block south of Market st
Call ft. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $1400; EALOON. vicinity of Market and
4th sts.: net rent $40; rood paying business;'
estate, years. R. O. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
Jl — $2500; CHOP and ovster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G;- WILKE. 26Vi Keaiyy et :
FOR Bale— $1200; a. good general merchandise
•tore- Box 43C3, Call office,
•— '-— "'
RESTAURANT for sale cheap: have to sen
to-day; owner leaving- 325 Grant ave.
FOR eale — Enterprise restaurant 12 Washing-
ton st. .
SMALL stationery and notion store; nice place.
1934 Market et. .
ACTIVE office man to learn management of
an old established wholesale and retail busi-
ness, to relieve owner of office work and re-
tall management; proper party required to
take $25,000 worth of stock: object, respon
Bibility. not money: Box 43S3, Call. .
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store In' thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
roll of $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will invoice $1700: good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. Cal.
NUHSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
ga'a; owner must leave the city by July";
buyer can work himself into the business by
. worknig for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON. 500 Halght St.*
CORNER saloon, rent $18. with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap if called for at.
once; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, Sev-
enth and Mission sts. ".;¦• • . \
WANTED — One or two restaurant men with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar connected 'with oyster and tamale
' trade. Apply SE. corner 24th and Folsom.
RESTAURANT ehophouse; doing a large pay-
¦ Ing business; owner going East; must sell to-
day; make offer. Bus. B. of Trade., 326 Pine.
YOUNG married man would like to Invest from
$800 to $1000 with services in a good paying
business. Box 4097, Call office.
$2500— PARTNER wanted in first-class coun-
try hotel. Owner, box 4CS9, Call.
ROUTE for sale In a lively country town. Ad-
dress box 4350, Call Office.
YOUNG man with $125 would like partnership
in small paying business. Box 4125. Call.
CARPETBEATiyQ^AJrPC LE AK IK Q.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama gt.; tel. South 40.
KARLSON KARPET CO.— Cleaning 3c yd.; up-
holstering. 1213 Market; tel. Howard. 2912.
American Carpet-beating: Works — Cleaning. 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st.;*tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter rt;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel.Mls.iion 263.
CONKLIN'S I Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate. ave. ; telephone East 126.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlnt; Co.. 240 14th «t; tel. Mission 74. ¦ .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency^eth
. floor, 016 Market St.; advice free., Tel. Bush
184 ; able body of attorneys. ,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 027 Market gt.
LOPGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALJB. ,
A FEW OF OUR MANY BARGAINS.
Any of the following on monthly payments.
..Money to Loan at 1V4 per cent.......
'18 rooms; Just listed; b.-trflifcin $650
125 rooms; clears «450; only........ 7000
80 rooms;. clears $150; payments..; 1500
6 rooms; downtown; very good........ 250
30 rooms; 'first-class snap...... ........ 2300
12 rooms;MORTGAGED; MAKE OFFER.
8 rooms; sunny corner; a- beauty; only 375
21 rooms; Ellis St.; clears $125 :. ... 1600
32 rooms; Powell: big transient trade... 350u
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap; only.. 1050
20 rooms; clears $75; only.... 350
40 rooms; clears $108....... 800
A: H. RETSLOFF, - phone John 531, 006
Market st, cor. Ellb. .-
A. CAMERON & CO.. ~~ ¦ ' , ¦
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st, I
Rooms 21, 22 23. Phone, Bush 328.
. If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, .list "with us; buyers call; we' can suit
you; have bargain* ' In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sites and prices; In all. parts of city.
CS rooms; rent $226; fine business cor.; long
lease; part offices; Income $600 per month; al-
ways , full ; fine Investment; ; sickness cause of
sale; $7000. - ¦ . . - ¦ :
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ' - '
S50 Market st — (Inc.) . : Phone Davis 281.
»Ile liable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate?*-
We furnish vacant houses and - ,
Loan Money ct lowe^ rates. '
*: j Something new every day.
; New houses to lease. . L.*
read accurately; L. 25c, G. 50e. 521% Eddy.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 5Cc. ¦ 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. JACQUE, trance sittings & palmistry,
$1; card readings. 25c & 00c. 309 5th St., r. 12.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
pplrit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
- gents 50c. 951. Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
CARD reading and astrology. 14S Sixth St.,
room 22. second floor.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2G2 Minna, st. nr. 4th.
COTTAGES TO LET..
COTTAGE. 7 rooms and' bath; rent $22 60.
2326 Folscm st. -
. COTTAGES WANTED. .
WANTED — Cottage of 3 or 4 rooms and yard;
« Mission; reaEonable. Box 4315, Call:
™™ -^^{PffXTISTS^ ' ;j;ir V'^
A — DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 027 Market St.. Emm*
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 60; other
filling!-, $1; gold and' porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5. up. . •
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, -.bridges
and fillings; extractions or fllllngs w by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrcll »t
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without platen our specialty; cold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, S4 50
up; office hours, 0 a. m. to 0 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W., THATCHER, D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st.. oor. Mason —
. Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. . R. C. ANDER-
SON. D. D. S.. proprietor and manager. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 CO; fillings, 50c
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 81x\h st
£EE my new pink' Ivory plates: -se« my 'new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted 'lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L.WAL6H. 847 Geary. nK, Larkln— Pain-
legs ext.. 50c: plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235*Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 60c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st. ; > expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. .46 O'Farrell/ late of 6 ¦ Turk St.;
crown and bridge; work; gas specialist. ~t „ - .
SET of teeth • without plate. -t>R. H. O.
YOT'NQ. 1841 ¦ Polk st.V '
PRESSMAKKRS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & i Millinery School ;
corset making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
¦ . :'._ DOG HOSPITALS: .' ' i' '\ ¦¦ '-
DR. CRBELT'S C.'^ P. dog soap ;. by druggl5t»
or at the. Hospital, 510 Golden Gato ave.
['_ ' . .educational: ~
' NEKRINO — Theory, demonstration; construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work;
piactical; .day and eight.- 24 Post ?t., S.-JT.;
_^ratalogue free. .•"•-. -• ¦ ]" : '¦-¦••. ;
AYRKS'-Leadlne Business College.' 723 -Market
: — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a , complete bus. education;' shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced: teachers;
new typewriters ; ¦ positions secured ; cat. •. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES.: 24 POST ST.,
¦ S. F. — Thorough - courses '.complete equipment;
- all rubjecu pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free. ..
A — The • LYCEUM, an '- accredited 1 preparatory
school , for the . university, - law ' and medical
'. colleges; references, v President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. V Phelan building.; ' ¦
A— THE official reporters of Supremo Court ad-
- vise their friends to attend the •¦ GALLAGH3R-
_ MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice .worth
: following?: Life scholarship $60; catalogue.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy.
«f Languages,320Poet;estab'd lS71;abl*st profs.
lana r. o. r
WANTED — Situation as engineer or fireman by
trustworthy man; with references. Box 3738,
Call office. . .
MAN and wife, experienced and reliable, want
charge of place or work on ranch. Address
053 Mission st, room 2. .
YOUNG man would like work of any kind; un-
- derstands care of horses. Box' 4520, Call.
FJRST-CLASS florist and landscape gardener,
alBO understands vegetables and orchard,
wants a position, city or country; best refer-
ences. Box 4506. Call office, i
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes a position
as watchman or janitor; security if required.
328 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man to drive
- a grocery wagon ; experience and references.
R. M.. 430A Natoma st-P ..-/
A .CAPABLE professional gardener, German,
single, Eeeks position on first-class private
place; thoroughly experienced in all branches,
¦•» including orchard and fruit culture, land-
f scape work; exceptional references; now em-
ployed at a State Institution; satisfactory
reasons for. leaving. Z. W., room 8, Chron-
icle bulldlnj.
A REALLY first-class and complete gardsner
- with 25 years' experience of all the various
branches of horticulture and art gardening,
j who shows the. best references, ¦ wants, situ -
; atlon; private place preferred. Address
LOUIS KNAUF, St. Helena Sanitarium. Cal.
MAN and wife, without children, want work In
hotel, resort or private place; city or country;
housework or laundress; man as porter, care
horses, generally useful; wa«ea $45 per
month, i Address W. WOOD. 1227 Folsom st.
ACCURATE bookkeeper and general of flea man
wants any clerical position; shipping, com-
- mission and importing experience; quick and
reliable; * first class city references. Box
4301. Call office. v : '
UP-TO-DATE painter and paper-hanger, sin-
• ¦ gle, will work by the day, week or month for
' hotel, ' property-owner or estate: has all nec-
essary ladders and tools; references as to
ability and . Integrity.' j Box 4351,'CaU offloe.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener, understands thor-
oughly every branch,] can furnish good refer-
ences, wishes situation on private place; city
or country. Gardener, box 46S2. ..Call."r--^—^
SITUATION wanted | by . young man ¦ 24 as
¦ . driver; understands care of horses. Box
4C63. Call office, t " *
FIRST-CLASS carriage blacksmith wanto po-
eltion. ;city or country. .Box 4338. -Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
'.. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
: Valencia , st. "'- •-.,:..¦ '. <'.:.' -.-•-.¦ .;.*?;':, ¦*:/—-'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
. I; '.\; „' .,.¦'. ; : '' ¦ ' V1$ ATS To LB .T < '"-' ., - - '- :y ' . : - ,;
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new «-
room flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing, on park; sun all day; 10 minutes. to City
Hall on Halght-st : cars. . 47 Portola st.; .cor-
; ner Duboce Park, " first ,¦ corner west . from
Stelner and Waller. gts.v
MAGNIFICENT. new upper flat;. 11' rooms and
< bath,- with social hall 80x120; superb marine
view; convenient' to; all car lines; rent $60.
2132 Green St.. ¦ near Webster.
"A— ELEGANT; : brand new; i 0 i rooms,' bath, so-
clal .halls;, -765 to 760 Sixth ave., , nr. | Fulton.
, A— ELEGANT brand-new - flat ; ;; park view ; * ft
, rooms and bath.'l, 1720 . Page ; st., near Cole.
CASTRO. C38 — Elegant modern sunny top flat.
; y attic, ; 8 j large rooms ; '¦ bath ; . nearly . new ; ; $30. •
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3907 — Flat of 4 rooms and
: ; bath; rent $14.- — ¦. v . •; ;. f - .- >•¦.'.•..¦',
$20— MODERN, lower flat 4163 Twentieth st,
'. Y neaT; Castro. , ;.;,,.; -.¦.;. .ve'v.:'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
•16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.;
j, FLATS y TO LET— .KUHXISHKI*. .;
FOR RENT— 2726 Howard 8t.rfurnJ.shod flat of
¦S o rooms and -bath; piano;. $28.' *• ;
¦ j- j^. A j^Cl AL.^ '^^'iiijjji;
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices •> In operation; nsw ¦ method of
; , placing l stocks : and > bonds ; companies I Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
. or address main ! of flee, 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES intiorporated and financed; stocks
/¦and bonds sold; good projects wanted;, Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
, -us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co., 326 Post
-' ¦: ¦ - ¦ - " ¦ • - - •' ¦ - - -» ¦ ' -~ _2 " . * -
SLEEVE finishers wanted. COX. 1514 Plnft St.
WAIST finishers wanted. COX. 1514 Pine St
YOUNG stlrl to assist ! In general housework,
small family. 426 Lyon St., cor Grove.
WAITRESS wanted nt Park View Restaurant
C10 Stanyan, opp. Golden Gate Park. • •
GIRL wanted to take care of 2 children. SSI
Fulton St.
FINISHER on coats; good wages. . 2S21 Green-
. wich St. . ... /
WANTED — Chambermaid at the j Manhattan
House.. 825 Battery St.
OPERATORS on ladles' ties; good pay. 650
eSQ Mission st. 3rd floor.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk and cotton
waists; good pay. .656 .Mission St., 3rd
floor. . . -
50 GIRLS to learn to sew. 658 Mission St.,
3rd floor. ¦ , ...... .
ISO WOMEN to take waists homo to make.
656 Mission st, 3rd floor. ' • • - .
GIRLS to work on paper boxes; good pay to
bright glrlg. 520 Market St.
GIRL for lifrht second work. Call between 10
and 12. 2203 Buchanan . St. ' J. .
HAND « ewers and machine sewers wanted at*
BUSBY'S. 207. and 200 Sacramento St.
WANTED— First-class alteration hands at E.
MESSAGER'S cloak store. 145 Post st.
WANTED— First-class seamstress, and cloak
and alteration hand. Address box 4510.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady. Palace 'Millinery,
1036 Market st. • "
GOOD improver and dressmaker wanted. MME.
A. WIRTNER. 110 Mason st ;
WANTED— Good restaurant waitress; wages
$7 week. .7 Tarlor st. . .
A GOOD tailoress wanted;. call at once. 12S2
Folsom st ' \
FINISHERS on" custom pants. SELIG BROS.,
108 ( Battcry st. .:¦¦',. '.
GIRL for housework; 3 adults; $12. Call 377
,;Oak st.'. -V- " : ¦¦ .' .' .¦¦¦- . ¦¦•''¦ -.'•:.
ACTRESS wants talented ' young lady as a
•-team to travel for stage. P. 8., Call. 106 11th.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for cloak * and suit
house ; steady place. : Box 4524, Call office.
AN experienced dressmaker . wanted. 776
y O'Farrell;.,,.-. . • ,' - ¦-. i ¦.:¦:•. .'!',"?¦-; n*
GIRL .to help to take . care . of children and
.•j help around the house. 851 Pine st. .
WANTED— 3 girls to learn hsirdressing, tnaa-
. cage, manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
¦wits. ; tnke charge of private customers; as-
' sured $50 per mo.; course $5: day, eve. class;
bring ad; worth $1. College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts; Inexperi-
enced paid while learning. ¦ HEYNEMANN
•&.CO.. 0 Hill St.,'. bet. 21st and. 22d. :.--•_
EXPERIENCED ', operators ' on overalls: Inex-
perienced paid • while learning;. HEYNE-
MANK & CO.. 0 Hill St.. bet 21st and 22d.
WANTED st once— A woman who Is bright
; and dresses i neatly to travel for wholesale
. :house.>Box 4685, Call.' ..." ' ' -
WANTED — Housekeeper: .'- must ; . have ' excep-
tionally good , references as • to morality, > love
of children and housekeeping. Box 4248, Call.
YOUNG - German \ girl for a first-class conf ec-
- - . tionery and lunch parlor in a large • country
-.town.', 819 Turk st. • . , ' . ¦ ,
At PaclflcHalrdreesIngCollege.Murphy bld..r.94;
¦ ;halrdresslng.massage,manlcurlng,wlgs,swltcb,
etc. :cour9e.$5;2 ,wks;posltion secured ; day; eve.-
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chine operator. .Apply 1200 Geary st, " ;
WANTED — Irish girl to help In housework. Ap-
ply 073 Howard St.; {.': ¦¦ »
BUTTONHOLE-MAKER .and s apprentice on
•vests; call; 2 to 4 to-day, f 766. Geary, st.
TAILORESS i on "¦, fine coats; . vgood •¦'; operator;
- wages $12; permanent. 410 Kearny, room 29.
PANTS finishers; also apprentices on. tailoring;
good pay; steady jwork. ' 407 .Turk st >
WANTED-^Neat - girl ;_• for, light • housework:
*> sleep ": home. - 1710 ' Larkln St., • .
A' BRANCH office for Call < advertisements and
__- subscriptions . has .' been - established - at 1006
Valencia st. . v .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
<? received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
1 ¦- 1C pages, In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
SOLICITORS to canvass strictly leirttimate
. proposition. BELASCO & HARRIS CO..
541 Market. ., .
WANTED — Coatmaker. also pants and vest
maker, to pro to country, nearby town. Call
DETMER WOOLEN CO.. 043 Market Bt
WANTED — Boy about 1C years to learn trade 1 .
Apply superintendent, 725 Mission st. THO3.
DAY & CO. . ¦ ' .
BARBERS — For sale, sood- two-chair shop.
10C Ellis st. . ¦ ¦
PENSION aty.. E. A. Bullls. R. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A.R.
TAILOR — Good wages and steady work. 2821
Greenwich st > -
ERRAND boy; also opportunity to learn bust*
ness. Miniature Portrait Co.. 376 Sntter st
PAINTER wanted at the Golden West Hotel.
68-76 Ellis St.: call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock.
FIR8T-CLASS coatmaker | for the country. J.
BAUMGARTEN & CO. . ¦- . ' ¦
LUNCH waiter or waitress wanted at once at
2106 Fillmore et.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterers. M. FRIEDMAN
& CO.. 237 Post st. ; ' .
WANTED — Shoemaker on. repairing; . steaAy
work. 791 Mission st. - : :
BARBER wanted; steady. 307 McAllister st
WAITER wanted to \?arry trays and do Ken-
eral.work; half day and night work. 37 Eddy.
BOY between 15 and 17 years, to work in
store ; references. 65 Third st. >¦
WANTED-^Cyllnder pressman for few days'
Job. McNEIL BROS.. 364 Hayea st
BARBER shop; Western Add.; desirable stand;
neatly fitted; $100. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — A good cook at 1506 Kentucky st;
wares $45.
NIGHT cook wanted at 117 Third st.
WANTED— All-round office boy. 29 Stockton
¦ street. '
EXPERIENCED kitchen man; $8 per week.
126 Ninth st. -:¦:...¦ :¦:.--
TWO paperhang-ers; first-class men only.
. O'NEILL,. 7 Saear st ..^ - . - . .-,. ,. .
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholes*!* house.
; Address box 4525, Call office.
LADIES' tailors; steady. Address HOENIG,
- 810 . Post st. - , ' ¦
BOY wanted at 529 Mission.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third at.
BOY wanted. Mission st
THREE agents. $10 per week and commission.
826 Sixteenth st. Oakland. ;.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-hors« scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth, Nev.; wages, $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
B. & A. L. STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. . , f
BOSS BARBER8. ATTENTION! :
. The : Central Linen Supply Company ; will be
. In : operation • by .'April 1 ; towels and hair-
cloths supplied . or ' laundered. ~ For terms aivl
particulars phone Mission IOC; laundry and
office- Eighteenth j and Shotwell sts.
BOY without a home, to do light work; 14 to
. 16 years old. Box 4508, Call office. ¦
WANTED— Man who understands nursery and
florist business. 600 Halsht st. .
WANTED— Young man with $250; tend cash
. restaurant; $00 mo. Brown. 1221 Market si!
BOY wanted in tailor store. 100 Stockton
street * ' .
JEWELER wanted. Apply to DONOHUE &
KERDELL, 134 Sutter st. ¦- "~S~~
-WANTED — Recruits for the marine cons. U
S. navy; ; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
' . legs than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over U feet ;
Inch; able to > speak and read English.' For
further information apply at the Recruitinc
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. -
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated-
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-'
LEOE. 638 Clay it : ¦-.-;..
WANTED-iLaborera and mechanics to know
¦ that Ed \ Rolkln. Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver . House. 217 Third st. ; 150 lar*«
; rooms; 25o per night; $X to $2 per week.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Coa.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated: situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount thla month.
Cordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. CaL
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
some cash; $17 week: steady^Pjace: no «•
perience necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market it
SAILORS, green hanis and blacksmiths for
whalers and merchantmen.- Apply bnlpplns
Agent. 213 Broadway.
WANTED — In a twenty years established car-
riage and wagon shop, ft first-class painter to
: rent shop. Address fcox 4233. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
the country. Apply REISS BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
FOR good reliable men call at 467 Tenth St..
Oakland. Carpenters' Labor Bureau.
28 YOUNG men to go north for the summer
at HERMAN'S. 28 Stenart st.
WANTED— 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
bridge House. 54*1 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. 8. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 024 Market.
6C0 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*.
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. ftth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. 8. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard..
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40. Phelaar
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. X
SAILORS, ordinary, for uhlps for all ParU of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes kalf-soled while waiting: 25a
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
¦]cet — 200 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established • at 10»
Valencia st.
HORSES AITP WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hors*
Market 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagon*,
harness etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co.. 721-723 Howard st.
FOR SALE — Span of bays, 4 and 5 years; full
sisters; also buckboard and harness. 22G2
San Jose ave.. Alameda. or 437 Larkln. S. F.
SANTA ROSA salesyard^ — Hcrses, harness and
buggies bought nnd ff-ld, sew stock always
on hand. 149O Market St.. corner Eleventh.
S\Sr Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
"elon begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. ISth&Valencia,
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st..
SECOND-HAND business buggies; on* top
-buggy; bargain. 13|0 Turk st
AN A No..l express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNER: half Interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Spates or Canada one year for $1.
HOUSES TO LET. ,
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for elr-
cular. Gf H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner residence In Western Addition:
8 rooms, bath, conservatory, grounds, etc.;
rent reasonable. Von Rheln R. E, Co., 513
California st. ' .
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICE furnished house In Western Addition. 8
rooms for the summer to desirable tenant
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. real estate
agents. CSO Market st.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW house. 7 rooms; sun all day: fine resi-
dence district: Portola st., off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE. C3 Portola.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST — A passbook with the HIbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
names of Charles H. Morrell and Frances
M. Morrell; No. 255-428. The finder will
please return to bank. { . .
LOST — Between San Francisco and Berkeley,
a gold handle umbrella; 6:30 boat. Return
to MADISON & BURKE, 30 Montgomery St.,
San Francisco; reward/ - . ;
LOST — Lady's long gold chain and gun metal
watch, marked C. H. B. ; liberal reward of-
fered. The Raleigh, 31» Sutter st.
LOST — In Mill Valley or this city, agate charm.
lie turn to GEO. C. GOE. ferry po«tof flee ;
reward.
LOST— Not stolen. March 19. diamond brooch:
route, from Beaver and Castro sts. to Four-
f teenth and Market. Castro car. transferring
to Powell; liberal reward. 1845 Polk st
SATURDAY, lady's small watch. Inlaid wttl»
pearls on back. Good reward If returned to
room 7. Mercantile Library bldg.. Q. G. ave.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
BIATRIMOXIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 708 Elite.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
st: tel. Bush 421.
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
/£ MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands ' of most obstinata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of & delicate nature. DR. O. W. O'DON.
NELL, office fc residence, 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladle*' specialist;
30 years' experience: Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
"infants adopted.- 410 O'Farrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 QTaTreU St.
LADIES, consuit the original MP.8. DAVIK3
at the old ofBV, 1223 Market at.; 30 yean'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MR3.^ D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years' successful experience in 8. F. Ma-
ternity Home. 006 Market at., op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fee*
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES" original
method of treatment; maternity home; hom«
In confinement 1128 Market st. S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere- spe-
elalist. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DPU NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cored by herbs.
¦ M1_XES' AND MIXING.
FOR Eale— At a bargain; one-fifth Interest la
fourvaluable placer mining claims; in Can*
de. Paga River region. For particulars «d-
dreaa A, H. L.. box 4296. Call of flee.
THE best small mine In the State; develop-
ment will make a large paying property;
sale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEN-
CY. 137 Montgomery st.. 8. F.. Cal. ~
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR »A1JD.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st. .
33 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete ..........$.100
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler 150
40 h. p. Atlas engine 225
30x8 feet return tubular boiler... 150
48x16 return tubular boiler 350
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
.10,000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting. till
you can't rest. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe*, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th»
Brun<iwick-Bar*e-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, elegant quality. Just remodeled
and lined; same as new; 3S bust; original cost
$250; for $100 cash. -Box A. B. C. Call offle.
FOR sale — To be removed Immediately; a mod-
ern 8-room house In good condition; open
. . for inspection. 2312 Stelner st.
A — $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny. «t.. near Pln».
FINE snlts. $10; dress pants, 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLOR3. 437 Montgomery st
A— SKALSKIN Jacket for rale for $B5. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
WANTED — To sell 30 yards English Inlaid
' i linoleum, good as new, at 7A Eddy st.
ALMOST, new 'Walts safe, cost $150, at >»<Mf
price. 100S Washington st, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper tor
sale; party going East Box 4682, CalL "
FRENCH plate mirror, elegantly framed. IkB
Xeet May be seen at 9 Beale sUC Ctark, N Y
li R Walker. St Louis
P J Dickerson. Sit Lke
P H Brady. Reno
) Stein, Arizona
P Rafferty, . Canada
Mr GouHchambaroff.' •
wf,' Memphis,- Neb •
C Coaoris, Mlnto. N D
G Crlscoll, San Jose
J Brown, wf. Ilaywrds
G E Bslcher. Leadviila|
F W Corkran, Leadvlle
F Bauman, Eureka Nv
H'F.Tholm.' Victoria
Mrs E W Fllmer.Ca.1
Miss Warner, Carthage
F Crans. wf, Kan I
C E -Upton. So Bend
D Guzman,- Calistoga '
J Mulroy, Ireland '
Dr CE Arnold, Conn
S D Needham. L Anc
: H Welch. Haywarda .
¦ E Bertrand. Seattle
P Earle. Seattle
J Phllllrs. Portland
A J Gall. Portland- ¦*
Y A Nelscn. St Petr3bs
O.C-Wrteht, Butte
> B Hauskin. J>enver : . '
O Kutneberg, Uenver '
1 G E Bachelor, Blsbe*'
i!R Hard ins. Seattle n
r IX T Thalln. Phlladel
[F C Bell. New Orleans
R. Woods, Boston
G R Walker, Concord"
; F E Sutton. Wash. DC
Miss Eckhart. Sta. Barb
J Conway. $an Jc«e
W L> Snyder. San Jos*
D A Soverlsn, CUcago
'-' ¦ "... . ' •-').
HOTEL ABRiv AiS,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
Ban Francisco Savings Union (corporation) to
Jennie. H. Pico (wife of J. It.), lot on SE lln«
of Broadway. 50 SE cf ¦ Elanding avenue. SW
50 by SE 140.10. lot 0. block C. map blocks A
to F, Hays and Caperton Tract. Alameda; $10.
WASHINGTON, March 24— In .th«
House to-day the Senate amendments*
to the bHl to .repeal the war revenue
taxes were non-concurred in, and the bjli
v/as sent to conference. Payne of New
York, Dalzell of Pennsylvania and Rich
ardson, of ¦¦ Tennessee \rere appointed con
lefees." A similar course was taken with
reference' tc- the' legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill, and'Blngham
of Pennsylvania, Heminway of Indiana
and Livingston of Georgia were appointed
conferees.,
(wife), lot on W line of Sixth street. 175 N of
Santa Clara avenue. N 9e by W 19&.30. lots 7
and 8, map property Victor Ruthardt, beinsj
lets 4 and & and portion of lot 6. Teutonla Park
and Homestead, Alameda; gift.
Non-Concuxs in Senate Bills.
WASHINGTON, March 24,-The House
Committee on j Interstate and Foreign
Commerce to-day voted to .report the Hep
burn' p'nre' food bill, so-called, to- prevent
the adulteration, misbrandin? and imita
tion'of foods, beverages, candles, drugs,
etc., and t egulating interstate traffic in
such goods.'-. The bill was framed by. the
National Pur© Food Congress and for
some time hearings have been in progress
on this and other puie food measures. To
day the vote was taken and was practi
cally unanimous for reporting the Heb
burn bill.
Vote to JEleport Pur© Food Bill.
N along same ' to ' its Intersection with line
parallel with and 150 NE East • Nineteenth
street, SE 165, being. SW half lot 2,'-. block . I.
map subdivision - 60. Associates Tract, Eaat
Oakland: $10. / "; .. .-;
Mountain View Cemetery Association to-Nlles
E. Baker, lot In said" cemetery. Oakland Town
ship; $00.' . • • ..;.
i Harmann.G.'Mehrtew tolBertha Uehrtens
Elizabeth and Jasper 8. | Jackson .to J. F.
Stewart (married),' beginning at intersection of
lln& drawn parallel with NW line of Twenty
fourth avenue, 290 NW therefrom by lino paral
lel with and 150 NE -East , Nineteenth street.
SW 60, KW.151 to^East Twenty-third avenue.
Joahua P. and • Etha F. Garllck to Annlo
Cooper (wife of Louis), lot on NW corner of Joy
street and Humboldt • avenue, W 120, N 00. B
133.50, S 61.05, lot 1.' block F. map 3, Roberts
and Wolfskin Tract, Oakland; $10.
Joseph and Bridget Green, (wife) to Cornelius
and Catherine Mahoney, lot on a line of Twen
tieth street, 100 W of Curtis, W60 by S 100,
lot D. block O, map. Curtis and Williams Tract
Oakland;. $10. .
Leonldas E. Colllb to Gustave and Katirlna
?L'^r att8^ n ' ;lot on E Une <> f KIrkhftm street.
100 N of Sixteenth.. N 50 by E 110. lots 3 and
1» ?«« - 601 ' »gaP..»uM»vi!ilQn blocks 084. <C83,
601. 153 and 5S0A. Oakland;' ttO. . w*
Theodore and'Ferdlnande Gler <wlfe) to An
cle Cooper (wife of Louis), lot on SE corner of
Racine and Thorn streets, S 5O.,by--E 18516
N 51.93, W 201.5. lot 4 block B. map No.' 3,
Roberts and; Wdlfsklll- Tract, Oakland; 810 ¦
William Hall to Elizabeth' C; -McAllister lot
2?«^Tr In 2'S. f Wallace or Twenty-eighth street.
215 W.of iGrove. W. 25 by S 100,- lot 23. block
2024. map No. 2, Whltcher Tract, East Oak
land; gift,- ' . • .... - . .. .
Seraphina. Williamson (widow) to William
Westerdahl. lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue
100 NE of East Twentieth street, NE 00 by SE
150, block' 127. Old Town Clinton East Oat
land;' $10.
George T. ' and Annie Clark (wife) to A a
Burnett, lot on N line of. Durant avenue, 202
W of Ellsworth street, N 130 by W 4S. block
13, College. Homestead,; subject \to .lease to R.
d© Lancle, December 2, 1901, Berkeley; J10.
Lawrence F. Courtney to Seymour and Bessie
Shotwell, lot on W line of Wilson 'avenue 25
by 122, being lots 26 to 28. block D. portion
block FV revised map Prospect Hill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; .$10. ¦ y : ¦• .' . .
Joao Augusto de Azevedo and Maria" Au
gustla Azevedo to Antonio F. Dutra,- lot begin
ning at 8\V corner of lot 06. thenca N 60 by
E 100. -being W 2-3 ;of lot 16. block 1, map
Town Mission San Jose, Washington Township;
$10.- ¦>¦ ¦ . • • . ..
- Varney W.^and Annie F. Gasklll to Michael
and' Catherine Moran, lot on S line of- Twenty
seventh or Park street, 00 E of West. E 25
by 8 00, lot 0, block 2021, map No. 2, Whltch
er Tract, Oakland; $10. '
Elizabeth 8. Knight to Charles Maul,' lot on
S line of Frederick street. 300 W of Telegraph
avenue. W 100 by 8 100, block 254, same map.
Oakland: $10.
John A. and Mary Mr Buck, Nicholas, Ma
thilda, Henry and Catherine M. Ohlandt, to
Mary J. and Frank' I.-' Lemon, 'lot on N line of
Athens avenue, 225 W of San Pablo avenue,
W 30 by N 02, lot 00. map Cordes/ Tract, Oafc>
land; $10. •-" : . " - ". T.": " .
M. and "Eliza E. Rlnehart (wife) to Jenny L.
Merrill (widow), lot on E line of Market street.
62 N of Thirty-third or Nolan, N 34 by E lltt:3.
portion lots 1 and 2. map property Central
Land Company, Oakland; $10.
Alameda County;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I DENVER, March 24.— Judge MulUns In
Jhe District Court to-day decided that the
agreements •which railroad companies and
the Pullman Company exact of their em
ployes, discharging? the. companies from
liability for damages in case , of injuries
resulting from , accident, are illegal and
void." The decision was given In the case
of Clarence L. Adams, a Pullman con
ductor, who was Injured In a collision and
sued, the Rock Island and Denver and
Rio Grande railroads for $15,000 damages.
The- corporations pleaded the contract
made by Adams with the Pullman; Com
pany ai a bar to the suit and the court
overruled the plea. . ... >
Declares the . Contracts Are Void.
i STOCKTON, March 24.— H. H. Griffiths
will apply to-morrow evening: for a fran
chise to" construct an "extensive electric
railway system to cover all portions of
the city and extend to the race track,
baths, cemeteries, v glass works, West
Stockton and Fair Oaks. It is one of the
largest undertakings ever attempted- here
and will make Stockton the best . rapid
transit city in the . west. ' An option was
given to-day on the Stockton Street Rail
way to an Eastern syndicate and the deal
is expected' to be closed in a few days.
RAILS TO BEACH ALL
SECTIONS OE STOCKTO2I
• A brief was also filed to-day in the
United States Supreme Court in behalf of
Admiral' Dewey, who has a similar case,
in support of the court's jurisdiction.
"WASHINGTON, March 24. — In the
United .States Supremo Court to-day a
motion was filed by counsel in the prize
case of the United States army vs. Ad
miral "W. T. Sampson to dismiss tho case.
The motion i3 a formal one and is in
tended to test the question of the court's
Jurisdiction. The case Involves the ques
tion whether the Spanish ship, the In
fanta Maria Teresa and her guns and
munitions of war were condemnable aa
a prize. The Supreme Court of the Dis
trict of Columbia decided in favor of Ad
miral Sampson. .
to Test the Question of
Jurisdiction. *
PRIZE CASES BEFOBE ¦'
THE SUPREME COURT
Formal Motion to Dismiss Is Made
The. United . States Supreme Court to
day decided the case of the Tulare Irriga
tion. District vs. Sheoard. The case in
volved the validity of bonds issued by the
district, which there was an attempt to
repudiate. The court held that the bonds
were legal and valid and'aiflrmed the de
cision of the Circuit Court of the United
States for the Southern District of Cali
fornia. '. ,
"WASHINGTON, March 24.— The United
States Supreme Court to-day refused to
assume jurisdiction in the case of Mary
E. H. Ghwln vs. the United States. The
case involves the title to the Peralta land
grant of California and Justice Brown,
who announced the decision of- the court,
said the case had been in litigation since
1852.' - • ' ¦ •'.¦.-•
the Tulare Irrigation District
Case. '
Affirms Decision of Circuit Court in
STJPSEME COURT HOLDS .
: THE BONDS ABB VALID
Hoar pointed out that tinder Its rules
the Senate . could not receive petitions
irom people of a foreign power. The as.
ceptance of the memorial seemed to him
an admission on the part of the Senate
that this country was not at war in the
Philippines. The memorial was referred
to the Philippine Commission. .
The rivers and harbors bill- was re
ceived from the House and referred to
the Committee on Commerce. • • • t
Frye, chairman of that committee, gave
notice that hearings on the bill would be
jnven to the Senators for four days, be
ginning to-morrow • morning, and that
there would be no further hearings. *¦
Proctor of Vermont. . chairman " of thia
Committee on Agriculture, made the
opening statement in favor of the meas
ure.; -Dubois of Idaho presented a. peti
tion from the American Chamber of Com
meice at Manila, saying it was a "sig
nificant fact" that this was the second
petition from, that organization urging
that the restriction. of Chinese coolie la
bor be removed. Dubois added that testi
mony before the Philippine Commission
Indicated that the .Philippines Islands
could not be developed without Chinese
labor. - • •
. Hoar of Massachusetts inquired if the
petitioners were American citizens.
i Dubois. replied that he understood that
they were. ¦
"WASHIXGTOX. March 2i.-Consldera
tlon was begun by the Senate to-day of
what is popularly known as the oleo
margarine bill. The measure places a
tax of 10 cents a pound on oleomargarina
colored in imitation of butter, and -re
duces* the present tax of 2 cents a pound
on oleomargarine to U ot 1 cent a pound
in its uncolored form. .
Manila Chamber of Commerce
in Pay of of" Chinese
Coolie Labor.
Measure Places a Heavy
Tax on Imitation
OLEOMARGARINE
BILL IS DISCUSSED
l'HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 25,' 1902.
11
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
" ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB.
FOR- sale — Choice lot on Santa Clara ave.' and
.Sherman st. ; new tract;: part of an old. es-
tate; great bargain; will, build to - suit;
terms. • New • cottage of 0 rooms on Weber
St.; lot 50x120; only $2650. '-. ! •" !
- ¦ - J. H. YOUNG, Builder.
1243 Park st.. Alameda.
Mill Valley Advert jsemeiits.
3I^Ll/^VAXL^Y^R^A!L_ESTATE.
S.- H. ROBERTS., real estate- and Insurance,
Mill Valley, Cal.— Houses to rent, furnished
and unfurnished, by the season or year; lm>
proved' and unimproved /property ''for sale.
. ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAY. 1C29 — 2 nicely 'furnished rooms; gas and'
bath. Call 3523 Toik at. >,;¦,, ¦
FELL, 255:— 2 connecting rpoma, furnished for
housekeeping; tas and •bath. H - / - /
FULTON, • 671 — 2 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; peparate 1 entrance; -no children; $12.
GOLDEN, GATE ave., 1200r^Sunny unfurnished
front rooms; also single room,- furnished. '¦
HOWARD., 1063—2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur, front -bay-window rooms;- range; $10.'
JACKSON, 1513 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms complete, $15.- -• .-.¦<¦
MARKET, 1C38; near Eigh.h— 2 sunny uijfur-
nl?hed connecting rooms; water,- sink,' yard;
rent $8 r furnished, $10. .>¦.;•: ,
MARTHA, place,' 3, 'near Mason, off Geary —
Furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny; rent
$2 week. • ' , -. .•.;•:• •
MCALLISTER, 530—2 nicely . furnished ' sunny
suites; gas range; phone; bath; laundry; $10
and $14. >.'.'¦,_¦ . ¦-.:. ../ :-'._:¦ ¦ ;'-¦' ¦ ' - ¦
MINNA, . 320— Large sunny front' room and
kitchen; furnished complete for- housekeeping.
OAK,' 117— Changed hands; renovated and new-
ly furnished; 2-roon? suites, $12 to Si8; adults.
O'FARRELL. 1315 — Entire lower floor. 3 rms.,
unfurn.; yard; laundry; $15; phone Scott 808.
POST, 717 — Two large pleasant rooms on
ground floor; ..two beds. -;..'..
POWELL, ' 722 — 3 sunny furnished rooms for
hbusekpgl; reasonable; small private ' family.
POWELL, 1005, cor. Clay — 2 sunny rooms, $10;
- 3 connecting, $30;.all complete for, housekpg.
STOCKTON, 1206— Single housekeeping rooms
;to let. -$4, $6; $10; gas and- stove. _. /
TWO sunny furnished - housekeeping • rooms,
with yard. 507^ Leavenworth st. ;
VALENCIA, 191—2} small : sunny rooms, furn.
for hskpg.; running water;, uae of bath; $8.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. ¦ '¦¦¦'. ¦ ¦. \ ¦ ¦'¦ ;
ROOMS TO LET— Furn. and Vnfnrn.
A — FREE- list furnished -rooms to let; with or
without board; we save you walking- the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 -Montg'y.
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c "day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister Cars to door; handsomest
.grill room in California attached.
A — BRUNSWICK House. ' 14& Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms;. open all night.. ¦
ALL. choice neat sunny, suites :or singles; day,
week or. month; bath',- phone. ; 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. .1426 Market (old ; No. 1384) — Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, .single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 .Ellis; cor.. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny! rooms;- prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 321 (MozarU — Nicely furnished rooms,
85c. $1 50 night; $1 50. $0'yk.; open all night.
FULTON, 881— Elegant furnished front isulte ot
rooms, with bath, modern improvements.
GEARY. 405 (The'Navaire)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
HARRISON, 1 122B—^Large ' sunny bay-window
front .parlor; f oldlnr bed;' new | and modern
flat; private. ¦ '•; •' '.' : _- .." ,'' : ¦ *' .
LiARKIN, 804 — Large sunny back, room, neatly
furnished;, suitable for 1 or 2 gents;, $6 50.
LAKKIN, SOI A, cor. Geary-^SUnny. front' room.^
nicely furnished; light, housekeeping; $8.
MARTINET. 110t Geary— Handsome -suites;
private baths; newly. furnished single. ropms.
MINNA; 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per.week; transient.-'.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
' .nlahed rooms; $2 a- week, up; 35c a -day- up.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, e!ec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL; 279-4Bay-window "room, first
floor: sunny rooms, $150, $2 50 week; house-
keeplng. $10 month. . . .
O'FARRELL, 324— A ..sunny suite suitable for
physician's offices or man and. wife. -
PINE, 000 — Sunny, corner, handsomely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen. In private famlly.
POLK. 453—2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms for
light housekeeping. . . .' .
' ROYAL Housfe, "12C Eills-^Incandescent' light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor;, rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
¦ to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; ¦ rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH. 3458, nr. Valencia— Sunny
front room; 2 single rooms, just furnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
THE WELCOME. 11 19 Mission — Furniohed
rooms for gentlemen; 'unsurpassed cleanli-
ness; no children; • ¦ "' *'
TWELFTH, 111 — Large sunny front room, with
alcove; private family; reas. ;¦ phone & bath.
Vendome, 1104 Market — Changed hands; newly
renovated; furn. suites.' . Mrs.. V. W. Miller.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch. offlce, 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS AXD HOARnT" ~~~
MEREDITH, 218 Turk — Sunny front rooms;
electric lights: hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board;.- reasonable ;phone South 829.
SIS— LARGE -front: room- for 2. .separate . beds ;
central; Spanish family; table practice;
phone John 2306. 1021 Washington st. '
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
. family hotel;. exceptional table; popular rates.
JOHNSON. The, 605 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table; spacious grounds; ratea. moderate.
Lani bdurne,. '420' Eddy — High-claps hotel; rurn.
suites arid' single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS, 610 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single' rooms; first-class table board.
NIARA.-'615 Taylor — Sunny 'front and • back
. suites; excellent board; terms reasonable. '
ROOMS -AND BOARD -WANTED.
YOUNG lady occupied during the day desires
• home In private family; central location pre-
ferred., Addrers box 4683. Call offlce. . -.'
¦¦/ROOMS WANTED. ;' . • •
WANTED— By # a.gentleman, 2 oc 3 rooms with
bath; > Western- Addition; best of. references
furnished. Box 4316. Call office. .-..¦¦¦
.'^XPEWRITERS ; AND SUPPLIES. ¦
GRBAT BARGAINS* IN TYPE^WRITERs'-^We'
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals •$;!. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; et-tlmate free. 200 Sansome.
M ABM AGE ' LICENSES. .
Tha' following marriage' licenses were issued
yesterday: I'r'.'jt] ¦¦ ¦
Bror A. Llndberg, 34, 215 Hoffman avenue,
and Mary Maxwell, 23, 250 Seventh street.
Jamca Mttchell, 21, 1433 Union street, and
Elizabeth Hottlnger, 23, 511 Golden Gate ave
Charles. . L. Koch, 41,--- 3050 Twenty-flfth
street, and Lena Bowman, 30, city. ,
Jeremiah-, J.'i Holland;' 27,- 214 First street,
and? Nellie "Leary, 30,' 160 First" street. *
' Franklin M. Fennell, 82, Stockton, Cal., and
Hannah J. C. Morley,- 31. Oakland. .
Albert J. Gatto, ' 23. 1843 Stockton street,
and. Emma Dawson. 18. 15« Pfelffer street.
John G. Bryan, 33, Riverside, Cal., and Eve-
lyn Mason, 23, Lorln. Cal. ' > "
John W. Wooden. 84, iNapa, Cal., and Pru-
dence A.- Hastings, 34, .Maxwell, -.Cal. ¦
Miles Terry, 43. ? New York City, ¦ and Fan-
nie Jackson, 25,. Newark, N. J. .
Daniel P. Ba.rry. 27. 304 'Third street,' and
Dottle L- Long, 10, 301. Third street.
Giuseppe Gallo, 28, 028 Broadway, and
Mana Chiado. 28; 422 Greenwich street. '"• :
Gabrlle Fopplanl, 2!),. CIS Florida street, and
Emilia Varni,,23, 758 Florida street. '
* Edward Farrell. 40, 620 Point Lobos ave-
nue,'- and Margaret' Burke, 25; Oakland.- ¦
Waither: Schmidt, "35, - city, and Adalina
Mark. £7, -city. V ¦>'.•¦: ¦ -• -..-.. * ...
. Elvon E.'Leighton.' 32, -city,' and Olivia Ta-
vares, 22, .city: - - ¦-¦ •.•' .'.-.• : j« i .
William .>.' Look, 32, Clilco, and Christina
Smith,' 2S. Chlo- • ; .7 ,. ;„ ,;- .
_Jf^£NTJER^AND^DECOIlATORS. ;
Rooms papered $3 up; painting &"tlntlnfrdmie'
Hartman Paint Co.. 310 3d st.; tel. Red 3.^21.
FIRST-CLASS work: low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. C40 O. G. ave.; tel: Polk 1423.-
rALMISTUY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. Bdentlflc business palmist!
parlors 14% and 15, The Vendome. 1104 Mar-
ket st. ; hours from i» a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. KEEROAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk'837. t
li. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary and Po*t:tel.Black 561.
rEKSOXALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for euits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LKMOS, 1117 Market
¦t., between Seventh and Eighth. :
WANTED — A man posted on Kastern lumber
and shingle business with $25,000 capital to
-purchase a complete shingle., and finishing.
Plant on Humboldt Bay. Address.- N. r H.
PINE.; Eureka. Cal. • • .¦ ¦«¦• > .-
WHY guess? You can be certain of style .arid
-fit by using Standard. Patterns. April pat-
. terns and The Designer ¦ now ready. J . - W.
EVANS, Domestic office. 1C21 Market, nr.Cth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market: 700. rooms;
V5c to $1 Co per night; $1 f>0 to $C per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry..
A— WHAT do you think? O. ' BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;'
rame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ARTIHTIC halrdrewlng. any style. 25c; sham-
pooing. 50e; hair dried In 10 minutes; mani-
curlng, 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
.CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless: free' treatment;
• work guaranteed. "'Miss C. D.udle>\ 1702 Mkt.
A school to' learn halrdreselng, nair work; man-
icuring. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721" Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS .EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332O'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brlgga — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal coetumer. 26 O'Farrell: country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and' moles* removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr«.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH- ACHE DRQPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books.' wigs;
¦ country .orders. GOLDSTEIN &. CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits, 87 CO; dress pants. $2 50.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
'PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
AN established paying medical business for
sale at a bargain; a splendid opportunity for
a registered qualified physician to secure a
epeciallst'B practice which- is clearing over
$5000 a year; name, lease, good will, furni-
ture, fixtures, etc., all go; the fullest op-
portunity will be given the right party' for
Investigation; only those who mean business
need apply; satisfactory- -reason for selling
given. Box 4511, Call office. • "', . .i.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cure'd:
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tation free. -Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. OTurk.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER, lady physician and
eurgeon, at 1122 Market fit. ;. hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; .
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580. .
SEWING MACHINES ,.A^P '. SUPPLIBS/-
/1L kinds boagiit. eold. rented. -ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard "3284. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; ra-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call .branch -office. 2200 FUlmor*.
PIERCE-RODOLPH' Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
elon st. ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.:
tel. Main 1S40; Ehipping at cut rates. .
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Coip-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
A— WESTERN ADDITION. " ~
Two flats and dwelling; cars pass the door;
large lot; 61 feet frontage: present rents $42,
can be increased; $1500 cash, balance monthly
installments ?3O per month; the rents will buy
the property.
Aa elegant residence on Ashbury Heights;
everything modern and up to date; cars pass
premises; lot 50x106; property In this locality
is .rapidly Increasing in value.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
Situated in warm belt. 9 rooms and bath,
with large attic, which could be made into
three additional rooms or billiard-room at small
expense; house with every convenience; lot 65x
100; must be seen to be appreciated. .
As owner Is compelled to leave city will sen
at prices that will interest you. No agents. "
Address Owner, box 4331. Call.
A — $1000 HOME for $5 50 per month.
Receiving credit for $5 per month.
A $2000 home for $11 per month. . ¦_ •
Receiving credit for $10 per month.- ;.
A $3000 home for $16 50 per month.
P-eceiving credit 0 for $15 per. month.
These homes can be bought anywhere, to cosf
any amount. » ¦ .— •--.
Cost of carrylne contract to maturity, $2 50
per month, receiving credit for $2. Investigate-
"pacific home co-operative co.,
Rood -400. 'Canadian building, ¦> •' • ...
> « ' 1312 Market St.. ¦ • .
San Francisco,-. -Cat. — •
JOSEPH STRATJB.
850 Market et.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent. :
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected. '
CORNER Filbert and Jones sts., containing '4
modern flats with basements; lot 42:Cx70:
price $3250; particulars of owner. 1014A
Greenwich ct. . ..
SNAP— Price $2800; only. $1300 cash needed;
pays 1% per cent net; Chinatown. Address
Owner, box 4328. Call. . ' ' . .
POTRERO house and lot 25X.J00; cheap; 4
rooms: $500 cash, balance td suit.' Owner,
box 4349. Call office. ¦
FOR eale — House of 8 rooms and bath; sunny;
on car line. For particulars inquire at 1308
Guerrero et., near 2Cth.
GEO. NEWTON. 759 Market: city and country
real estate V lodging-houses; phone Black 5491.
LARGE cor. lot, 44xO0. 20th and Alabama
Sts. 14 McAllister St.. room 1C. . .,
$200 — LOT on lower terrace, close to Seven-
teenth and Ashbury. Inquire 133 Vajecnla.
$r>7.*»0 — NICE flats, well rented; choice location;
Mission. 'Owner, box 4088. Call office. :¦
$17.500 — Business property stores and furnished
flats. ¦ Owner, box ¦ 4318, . Call office. . •
PAPERING room walls, M 50: pointing, $1;
whitening, 75c PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
ifi pages. In wrappw for mailing. $1 per veor.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO— —
Small tracts. $C0 to $»0 per acn», on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, at
Ban Francisco 1« growing rapidly; location
bent for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The- Cotati Co.. 802 California st.. for
pamphlets and information. . :.->
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue, published- week-
ly. free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after
a' personal Inspection.. for 6ale and exchango
by N. D. Slckeis, the -Land Agent. 0' Geary.
Fanta Clara Valley... fian^ Jose. and -Peninsular
properties. se« WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 034 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; aasy
payments. HEALY.& CARR, 0 Eddy et: ''. •
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHA.VfaE.
FOR sale or exchange— Beautiful' home in. San
Jose; convenient in every respect; reasonable;
no agents. Particulars box 4323, Call office.
FIorisftecK
EASTER NOVELTIES.
107 PQWELL ST.*i*ftELL!S 'ESi 5'OSff
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• HERKELEY REAL ': ESTATE. •
$1900— NEW 5-room cottage; lot 35x12? :0;
•street work all done; 2 blocks " to train . and
electric cars; $100 down, balance $15 . per
month; why pay rent? W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2100 — $200 down, balance $20 per month; new
0-room cottage, fine mantel and sideboard,
tinted walls, stationary tubs, -gas ; fixtures;
S-ft. basement; 2 ft. concrete foundation; 3
short blocks to train; lot 45x100. W. C. MO-
RAN %b CO. , '
$2200— NEW 7-room cottage; ! lot 50x140: Vi
block to cars; on 80 ft. street.- W.' C. MO-
RAN Sl CO. .
|I2,500 — 10-room house; cost $25,000; can sub-
divide and sell off $18,000 worth of.. lots and
still* have a beautiful home 'and' the' grandest
garden and* fruit orchard In Berkeley; to see
' is to buy. W. C. MORAN & CO./ Loriri Sta-
tion and Schmidt Block, Berkeley.
NEW 5-room cottage;' bath, mantel,' basemeht(
fewered; corner lot. '40x100; Golden Qate.' 1 "-
$1700— $500 rash, balance ¦ monthly; ¦ 4-room
cottage. ' bath; itreet work done; city/ water;
tewered; lot 50x130; Athby ave., near Berkeley
train.- ••-¦•¦¦ ¦ , - , -. • • .
$1750— $650 Cash, balance flat loan. Paclflo
Home ' Building ¦• Company. • 3a Nevada ¦„ block,
Ean Franclico. ¦ • ¦ . ... .. . ..,•
COTTAGE of 7 rooms ami bath: hlch " bas«-
p«nt: easy payments. MURDOCK. 614 Pine.
OAKLAND ADYERTrSEMENTS.
OFFlCE-^1118 KKOkV\1PCJ*,
, ; OAICLANP REAL ESTATE. '
WOODWARD, "WATSON & CO.; '
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., m ';
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. ' .
WOODWARD, " WATSON & CO,.< i -. • •
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO., • ,•.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. *"
WOODWARD, WATSON- & CO.. -.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. •
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO...' • -. •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO,. •
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. .:/¦¦ ' ¦
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. ' .
' (Incorporated).'
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. '
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. ., '
FIRST SALE OF' THE SEASON. ¦ -.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
'SPECIAL SALE. • ti 7 A
, SPECIAL SALE. .. . I '{ .
SPECIAL SALE. . J r J.^'
SPECIAL SALE. . : :i2
SPECIAL SALE. . iij.jj
SPECIAL BALE. . t ¦•.>
SPECIAL SALE. . 1 ,' p . '
' " AT ' AUCTION. • . .
AT AUCTION.
AT- AUCTION. -V»
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION. ' -
AT AUCTION.
' . . ' THE • } ' -, . • '
• ¦. - j ¦'' t ' .-' ¦ .
' v "TALBOT PLACE." ; i \
"TALBOT PLACE." >. '
"TALBOT PLACE,"
; "TALBOT PLACE," .. : ' '
• -TALBOT PLACE." " . ¦:-¦'
"TALBOT PLACE." . : -~ "
"TALBOT PLACE/r
Near San Leandro,
Near Sap Leandro, .. ' .
Near San Leandro,
. •, . Near San Leandro,. . • ' '
¦ • . ' Near, San Leandro, -. '. . ¦
Near San Leandro, 7,
Near Ean Leandro,
-¦' -BATURDAT. MARCH - 29, 1902. ". "'
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902. . '..
SATURDAY, MARCH : 29. 1902. ." ' " '
SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902. . •
SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902.
SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902.
1 SATURDAY, MARCH 29. 1902/
At 11 • O'Clock a. m. on the Premises.
We will sell at public auction and to the
highest bidder, the beautiful country home of
Mr. Fred C.- Talbot. consisting- of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land— sixty
acres In full ' bearing orchard,' consisting of
English Walnuts, Oranges, Cherries, and all
varieties.
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
Thoroughly modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage, milk bouse, brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an ideal country home. ..' .
Following the sale of the land and improve-
ments, we will also sell all qf the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings, oil . paintings, steel engravings. Decker
Bros, grans square piano, etc.. etc.
Carriage teams, saddle horses. Shetland
ponies, carriages, and carts, harness, saddles
Several fine hf-adi ot cattle — "Jersey -stock."
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete list of property to be sold.
. * .
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD. "WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.!
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.
WOODWARD. .WATSON & CO..
• , WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO
WOODWARD. WATBON & CO!!-
WOODWARD, WATSON &' CO., .
(Incorporated) I
"' ¦ •" Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers. "
' ."" . Real. Estate Auctioneers.
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers.
J' • Real Estate Auctioneers. ' ¦ '. '
Real Estate- Auctioneers,'
903' Broadway, Oakland.
• '¦ 903' Broadway.-. Oakland.- . <• •
I ¦'¦*'.' 903 Broadway, Oakland.
': '" ¦;;; 903 Broadway,' Oakland.
¦ ¦" ' '• 908 Broadway. Oakland. ¦
.903 Broadway, . Oakland.
J 903 Broadway. Oakland.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. ¦
V , V 460 TENTH ST.. OAKLAND.
$1000— rCozy cottage of 5 rooms;-hot and cold;
water; hall;- porcelain sink. etc. ; newly paint-
ed. and.'-papered ; sunny- Bide; vstreet- work and
walks complete: near -cars and. school; terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert, st., near Twenty-sixth;
go and see it; owner will be there, ¦ _,.....
~ \ ' ' . . ' - - T .-*.' . ¦• * - .
?2350^-Moderri cottage of 0 rooms; en th; high
basement; bay-window; brick foundation, etc.;
all m. fine condition; lot 60x125 feet, with stone
walks, open lawn. etc. ; on Myrtle st. ; close
in; location very desirable. . ¦. ¦
$3750 — Owner- away: a genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a homo; 7- rooms; porcelain
bath, etc.; lawn, stone walks, etc. ; choice lo-
cation; strictly residential; $1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer. .-
' : • . GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
. 460 -Tenth St.. Oakland..
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. ' .
New pretty homes.. 5 to 8. rooms; all mod-
ern; prices mod«rate; Vacant .40-foot lots'; $800
to $1000; elevated above .the street, and includ-
ing . street work complete ; on Merrlmac or
Twenty-eighth sts.. .between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st. ;• choicest and cheapest, propertv
in Oakland: close in and handy to schools and
churches: ¦ See" W. T. HARRIS on the prem-
ises or GEORGE W.: AUSTIN,
. 460 Tenth st... Oakland. . .
WANTED — Contractor to build flats In this
city and take a >ot in Oakland as-part,pay-
ment. 'Box C.'Call branch,' 300 Hayes st. -"
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES. ..;
$C0— 9 ROOMS; 2 or 9 years' lease; adults only;
references. Call- between .10 a. m. an.di 3
p. m. at 1504 Franklin St., Oakland. ¦"- ••¦ : —
OAKLAND' FUKNITURE ' FOR SAlilfl/
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. > "H.
. 6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh it; Oakland. .
MISCELL.A\EOrS FOR BALE Con.
THE^flrm -of Uncle Harris has retired from
ALL sizes men's shoes, elljfhtly damafed half
price. SC5 Mlwion »t.. bet. 1st andSd st"
1ST-CLASS 2d-h.ina modem engines and boilers
bought, told. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Sl» Market
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in «totk
BAKER & HAMILTON. c * mea m «^^
ASK for prlc«» on *econd-har.d typewriters f»!T
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mo?tz'y.
MAGIC lantern*, new and 2d I -hand mo vine n'77
turcs. lJULLAnDj&jmECK^iaiTost st
KEW ; home and domestic wwin K machine-
good crder: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.'
GASOLINE «• r*ines. all sizes, new and 2d-hand
anj Ituncbet. J. E. DOAK. VJG Mission ,1
E J G ig K r?.S^ > Braie CC ,t° n<i " han ' lmaChlne^
MAN fafi. CO.. 417-423 Sacramento n.
' MISCISLL.AXEOUS ,W r AXTS.
T ' X /5 B ?! 1 J;»^S ted "" A tract ot ww tllnb « r wani"-
«d tituated ao. as to have a home market-
, CT box% U^^ !^^ byCOa^^ :
4vL» «? «?. n<1 , Tuxe <lo c«lU. Portland Loan
Otflce, 2S Stockton «t.; phone Buth 4S4.
*» ¦*"** typewriting desk.
-*rglyc. R. HAKfiEX &. CO., 104 Geary »t.
w »^ TE nor T 4>57 do c^ri sag?. auck> for brcea -
1^™^. g e famlly cow; Btate
1 W IL1< Pay good carh prices for old seal.
sklng; send postal; will call. Box 4337. Call.
Wanted— 2d-hsnd electric motors, all elze«. any
condition. rarngworthElectricalWka..41STurk.
TI ,^ T °.^ m ; anU / ocd e^wnd-hand clothing and
theatrical goods ITA flth >t.: tel. Jeygle 2SS1.
TO LOAX.
A— HERMAN^tURPHY. 001-602 Examiner bdg
-. ....$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On tirst and Second Mortgages
........On Life Interests in Estates
•••••ifrp^rty Being Held • :n Trust
.....Cndivided Interests in Real Ettate...:'.
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
*.nancial Problems bf all sorts and sizes.
•-¦-¦•••-IF YOU NEED MONEY
Sec HERMAN MCRPKY. 601-602 Examiner.
A «nrt5 A rt fI 5 A^ AN 1jOJlS CO - (Inc)
*JW.WQ at t^j and 6 per cent In sumstosnit;
city, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and Becurl-
ues; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
lercsts in real estate aad legacies; will pur-
rtia.se abo\-e eecuritles. Manhattajj Loan Co..
: Tel. Red 5024: 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY. AMOUNT" AT 6 PER CENT. 7 ~ : "
Firet. second and third mortgages
undivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay...-.
Get zuy tenaa before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
......... 2t Montgomery St.. room 3.........
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, -undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
castllo Interests, coruoration loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big.- GEORGE E.OLSEN.
MtnciCIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ava.. Bear
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY resnectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry,- -at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<»
Market ft. : tel. Main 1644. Branch 10 Third.
AXY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery St.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In (urns to Bult In city;
fir.0,000 on large ranches at fair rates; eec-
end mortgg. R. J. Mercer A Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal- any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 38.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conMen-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGEXCT— Loans to ealaried
people on their note.
THE TOrELET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, ; pianos; no removal; mone7
Quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room €S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tiai. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 361 Jones.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates: pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthels. 203 Post.
flO UP en furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. -gt. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72,4th fir.
$5 SO PER month repays $1000 loan; stop 'pay-
Ing rent. MtTRDOCK. .514 Pine et. ..
©>CE per cent en furniture: $5 a month on each
flOOO; any eecttrity. 3C2 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
Honey loaned ealaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH' leaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bigg.
E% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
movjLl. Phone Black 1709. Room 61. 6 Eddy.
OX furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
ctrtct'.y private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF ycu wart a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RCDEE.L. 222 Sansooe st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan- bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages- In wrapper for mailing. Sl p*r year.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TO close out a lew odd styles of pianos we
have marked the prices dotrn very low. and
you c*.n, while they last, secure a very great
discount on some cpeclally good instruments.
Some of them have been sent as 6ainple
pianos. The instruments are all right And
as euch fully warranted, but as the expense
of reshipment would be quite a sum. the
factory is ¦willing to make this sacrifice. We
have also the Decicer-Wiesner and Bau-
m»iet.ers in all styles. Payments if you want.
THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763
jtetrket gt.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we con not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
r £HERMA.V, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
ccr. Kearny and Butter Bts., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth ets.. Oakland.
A GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
50 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 50
a. month. Some~f«peclal bargains: ' ~
1 Knabe f95. 2 Chickerlngs. $165
1 Scmmer ...*3S 1 Heine .,$235
1 Hyde .....$25 2 Steinway $265
New second grade. $98 up. HEINE PIANO
CO..- Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS— *~
Second-hand upright pianos from $S5 op.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 .up.
Beoond-hand orsrans from $2fi up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BEXJ. CTTRTAZ '&
" 6ON, 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlekerlng. Masoa
and Hauslin. Vose. Fterllng piano*.
ANT piano ecld by us taken back any time
within 2 years and- full purchase price al-
lowed on a new -peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a -day to buy a
piano Irom us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farr«"ll et.; «rta.blished 1S50. .
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only fcy the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031 Market
St.. Ean Francisco. Chase & Baker
piano players. . .
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything- must co; PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for *-torace. $40 up. WIL-
SON" S STORAGE. 1710 Market »t.
BOHMEIt & CO. pianos: Byron. Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Spieimann pianos; Cecillan
perfect piano player; pipe organs. SOS, 310.
- 312 Poet »t.
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
rUrht. (ISO;- nquare j>lanos. $35 up: A.'- B.
Cameron, walnut caee. almost new. $278.
Bower* & Bon, 23 Bin St., Ivers & Pond agts.
LTRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
CCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
WE oCer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
hurra In prices from $S5 up. F. w. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR plancc, the leading makers; price 8100 up-
ward: values be«t in the city. PIERCE' S
riANO FACTORY, Marketr Kth and Church.
ELEGANT $550 upright piano: handsome cas*
and toae; must sell account sickness. ¦ Sll
O'Farrtll «t. ¦
3 LEADING pianos, Steinway, Chickerlng.
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1723 Mission.
WANTXD — Four good rquares lor halls.
MYRON MAUZT. 310 Post »t.
2 ELftCTniC wlf-playing pianos; bargain*.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Port St.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 upright*, nearly
new. JOS. 6CHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, .repairer. 2 Latham place.
rnRAI'EST and best Jn America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pace*, cent to .any address in the
United Slates rr Canada one year for- $1.
OFFICES AND STORES TO hKT.
Lartre ttore with baret.. front. Clay-Merchant;
obeve Montgomery: lease. Keys 63B Clay.r.l.
OIL. _._.__.
OIL tanks, Snd-hand. in good order; all eizes;
cheap. II. 6. WHITE, 120-132 Beale tU -
BIRTHS— MAfiBlAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices «ent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same, published.
. !B0SK".';V r : ¦. : ... v ; , :
SORENSEN— In Oakland, March 20, 1902,'. to
the wife of S.-M. • Sorensen, ¦ a- son. • ¦¦"¦
SIGOURNEY— In this city, March 22, 1902, to
the wife of Wllsori H.' Slsourney, a daughter.
8CHAEFER— In this city, March 15. 1902, .to
the wife of Adam Schaefcr, a son.
MABBIED..; / V- '*£'&?
AMUNDSEN— LAURENCE — In this city,
March 2*J, 1002, by the Rev. Frank K. Ba-
• ker, Nlles Amundsen 'and Tlllie Laurence,
both of this city,
BARNARD^THOMSON— In Lafayette, Con-
, 'tra Ccsta~Countyy March 23, 1U02. • by the
Rev. G. R. Stanley. Richard H. Barnard
Of 'Oakland and M. Gertrude Thomson of La-
fayette. No. cardfl. . ¦ . .-¦ '.¦•'..
COLLINS— ALLEY— In this city. March 23,
1902, by the Rev. Frederick A.' Doane; . Fred
. E. Collins. and Charlotte Alley, ' both ;of San
FrancJaco. :• 1 - •¦ ¦'•.
MARTIN— DUNCAN— In this city, March'19,
1902, by the Rev. Mr. Marshall, Miss Grace
Martin and W. W. Duncan, ¦¦¦ both- of .San
' . Francisco. . •
PRINGLE— BROWN— In this city." at 1102 Fell
street, March, 21,. 1902, by the Rev. E." H.
, Avery, D.D., John W. Prlngle and Alice C.
Brown, both of San Francisco.',
PETERSEN— MICHELSEN— In this city.
March 16, 1002, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
Carl L. Petcrsen and Magdalene C. Michel-
Ben. • • .'¦•.¦. ¦¦..¦
STROECKEH— HARTMANN— In i this city.
March 21. 1902, at 150 Laguna street, by the
j Rev. E. H. Avery, D.D., George L. Stroecker
and Mary J. Hatstmann, both of San Fran-
cisco. ... . : : . .
SMITH— LIDDLE— In this city, March 23,
. 1902, by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane,. Rob-
ert W. Smith of Los Angeles, Cal., and Rose
C. Liddleof San Francisco. - - .-.- .
SCHUMACHER — SCHUMACHER — In this
: city, March 10. 1U02. by. the Rev. J. H.
Schroeder. Amandus F. '• Schumacher and
Friedericke M. SchumacheK' • ¦ ' ' ; ,;'iv;-.
STRAUS— CIPRICO— In', this city, March 21.
1902, by the Rev. Bradford . Leavitt.
. Auguste L. Straus and Celine Ciprico. ¦
WROBIOFF— SCHULZEVln this city. March
. 22. 1002, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Henry
A. P. Wrobloff and Ida A. Sehultze.
,' ' " ~~' DIED. ; .' :¦..: .
Bern. , Alexander , McGillvary, Margery
Barker, Alfred . . .Martin, Brid«:et ,
Burtchall. Augusta: 'Morgan. William P.
Carr, John Miller. Deloin J: l
Casey, Isabel R. . ¦ Murphy, .James E. >¦¦¦.
Dodd, Julia N. Newman, Jeannette
, De Smet, Julius O'Loughlin.- Patrlck-
.Davis. Max - -." ¦ • ¦ Peters. Thercsta . I. :
Douglas, William H. Priest, Frank G. .
• Felvey, Louisa Richards, Mae J.
• Foster, John . -.Shelley, Marie
Hair, .'Frank • " ' Sapar, Lucy •
Harrigan. James J. Starnecka, Mary
Harris, Emily V. . Sullivan. Ellen
Henderson. William Smith. Alice '
• . JageU, Charles B. . Wall. Edward
Lautnger, John B. Yunker, Henry F, •
Lee, Mary.: . ' '. . : \ \ ': ' '
BBRN— In this city, March 24, 1902, • 'Alexan-
der. Bern, beloved brother of Benjamla Bern
of WelllnKton/ L New Zealand, a native ' of
Montrose, Scotland, 'aged 51 years. ' ¦¦_-¦¦-
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday),, at 2 o'clock, from
the California Undertaking Company, 405
- Powell street, near Post, where services will
be held .under the auspices of Court Eclipse
No. 14. F. of A. Interment Mount Olivet.
Cemetery by train from Third and Townsend
streets, leaving; at 3:30 p. m. ... . ,...
TO Officers and Members of Court Eclipse No.
14, F.: of A.: You are hereby -notified, to at-
tend the^funeral of our late brother, Alexan-
¦ ,der Bern,, to-morrow .(Wednesday),- at -2
' p. m..' from California Undertaking. Com-
¦' pany,' 405 Powell street. By order rot ,\',
¦ JOHN R. MATHESON. Chief Ranger. •
> :.C. M. GERTSEN, Rec. Sec. -
BARKER — In. Elmhurst, March 24, 1902, Al-
; fred, beloved> husband of Lucy .'Barked, a< na-
tive of. England, aged 61 years "and 10 days.
lE7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at i o'clock, at the
Masonic Temple, corner of 'Post ' and ' Mbnt-
•; gomery street a, San Francisco, under the'
• au3plc.ee • of : . California, Cpmman,dery-. No. 1, '
K. T. Cremation 'at Odd. Fellows' Cemetery-
BURTCHALL— In ¦ this city, March 24, • 1902.
. Augusta" Burtchall, a native of Ohio, "aged
C5 years.
CARR— In this city, ; March 23, 1902, John
. Carr, late, of - Truckee,' a native of Dublin,
Ireland. ag?d 67 years. ¦.'.-.. - • '. ' .. |
tCT Remains- at the . parlors ot McFadden, ¦
McBrearty & Green.- 1171 Mission stret.
CASEY— Iri this city, March 24, l»02, Isabel "
R., youngest daughter bf the late Hugh and
Catherine Caac>J% : a native of "MarysVUle,
Cal. (Randolph. Mass.; papers please' copy;)
ICTFuneral will take place -* Wednesday
mornlnsr at "11 o'clock-' from her late resi-
dence, 1206 Waller street. Interment prlvace :
: in- Holy Cross • Cemetery. ¦ Kindly omit '
flowers.,^., , '¦".', . , . , . ¦ j
DOD1>^-In this'. city, -March, 24?; 1902. .Julia N. ;
¦ Dodd, a native, of New York, aged 99 years.
. E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect- |
, fully invited to attend! the funeral' to-morrow.-i
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
pf Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mis-
sion street.' between \ Fifteenth ' and Six-'
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn : Cemetery
by 3:30 train. .. . . . ...
DESMET— In this city. March 22, 1902, Ju-
lius De Smet. beloved husband of Lida De
Smet, a native; of France, aged 36 years. -
¦ . inTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the par- : |
. lors of Halsted & Co.i .946 Mission street,
under the auspices of Pocahontas Tribe No..
11, I. O. . R. M. Interment Mount ' Olivet
Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train from Third,
and Townsend streets. -. --..,,
DAVIS— In this city. March : 24, 1002. Max
Davis, beloved father of Henry . -H.. Milton
M..' Flora and Lena Davis and Mrs.'. Lottie'
Rothman. a native of Kxin. Germany, ased
' 57 years 4 months and 16 days. .
I C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the family !
residence, 2621 California street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by 11:30 train
from Third and Townsend streets.
DOUGLAS — In- this city, March 23. 1902. Wll- -I
Ham Haslett, husband of Ann Renlck Doug-' I
laa, father of Elizabeth, i Ef fle. William H.
and Walter R. Douglas, Mrs. Morris Marcus
and Mrs. Geonre T. Clark, and brother of
Mary R. Douglas, a native of Chllllcothe. j
Ohio, : aged 74 years 7 months and IS • days.
CThe funeral, services ..will • be held to-,
ir.-orrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at hU !
late residence. -615 Bucna Vista avenue. In-
terment private. . _¦ . ... i •:¦•--
FELVEY— In this city, March 23, 1902, ; Louisa,
wife of Joseph J. Felvey; and mother of Bar-
tholomew and Jcs^ph Felvey, and daughter
of Jeanette and the late 'Constant De ¦Barx'i.
and sister of Mrs. P. J. Hag-an, J. P.
Crcnan, Mrs. E. C. Prior and Mathew.
Louis and William De Barre. a native- oC
• San Frnnclsco, aged. 22 years and 15 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances "are. respect-
fully invited to. a,ttend the funeral to-morrow
(Wedresday), at 0:30, o'clock, from the resi-
dence; .'-of her mother,: 'S35 • Harriet • .street,
thence to St. Rode's Church, where- a .re-
quiem. hi*ch mass will 'be celebrated 'for -the'
repose .of Jier soul, commencing, at 10 o'clock.
S -Interment.. Holy Cross' Cemetery. .- -
FOSTER— In: Oakland. March 23, 1902,-- John,
husband of Clerlce C.,< Foster, and father 'of
John and Alice Foster, a native of England,
aged.CU years 3 months and. 17 days. . . ,, .
HAIR— In .this city. March .24. 1902. Frank,
beloVed .; aoiP of John B. and Ellen-'llair, ¦ a
native.of • San Francisco, . aced 1 year .'11
months' arid 2 days.
HARRIGAN— Jn, this city, March" 24.' 1002
Jumes J... beloved-son of the late Cornelius
! and MarV.'A. Harrigan. and brother of M
¦ J.. W. A.V G. r W.. Dr. J.' I. and L. p. Harl
rigan.and Mrs. s T. F. Floods a native of Sac-
ramento. Cal. ~ • . . , - /
-CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
¦ (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, l'VS Hyde--strret, thence to- St
Brlgld's Church, where a nolemn requiem
mats, will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul,' commoncina- at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary vault. Please omit flowers.
HARRIS — In this. city, 'March 24, 1902, Emily
V.. - beloved wife of Frank E. Harris.- and
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to 71annajcart ft Gallazher.i
x DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
rUNKITAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBHJL-
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln dchooL
..•,'.¦¦-', T«lephon» Bouth ¦ 80.
Mt. Olivety Cemetery.
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush ¦ U«7. . ,-:
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J. :
McBrearty. with the same company tor IS '
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171. Mission street. , between Savanth
. and ElKhth. Talcphonit Bouth 44.
REMOVED!
..." McGinn bros,,' .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS . and. EMBALM- ¦
ERS. to 224 and 22B; McAllister st. (For-
merly of SlKddj^gt^^Tel. South 2S2.>
JAMBS McGINN, I
Formerly . '. with McGinn Bros.; has opened I
: new Funeral Parlor* . at 214 Eddy at., bet.!
Taylor and Jones.. Telephone South 676... I
(CTNotice of funeral hereof ter '
W^ Lr^ I ? :thl8 clty ' March 24. 1002. Edward
beloved^ husband of Julia E. Wall, and father
Th^?r. Jam .- n ,-, E^ Ward V, John ' Joseph and
- Thomas Wall, Mrs. M*ry Towns. Mrs. w.
. J. Dowling and Jlrs. G. 1 Virden. a native of
Dublin. Ireland, aged 64 years 5 months and
CT Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fw^ lnv i te< \ tQ *«end.the funeral to-mo?row
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son. 1057 llla-
U% ar p e V.°S DOS ov n l w *°*to™<*. thence
to St. Patrick's Church for services at 10
. a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
YUNKER— In this city. March 19. 1902. Henry
F. Yunker a native of Wisconsin, aged 43
years and 3 months. ¦ •
IC^Priends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her parents. 512. Filbert street, be-
tween Stockton and Dupont. Interment Xew
Italian Cemetery. f -
STARNECKA— In this city, March- 24' 1902
' Mary- Starnecka, a native' of Germany, aged
BX Sl, VAN— In this city. March 22, 1902.
Ellen, wife of M. J. Sullivan, beloved mother
of, Henry^.L. and Joseph. B. Sullivan, .and
. sister of T. B. McSheehy, a native ot Boston
; .Mass., aged CO years 3 months and 22 days
• sCTFuneral to-day -(Tuesday), at 8:30
o clock at St. Paul's Church. Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem mass
will be said. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
SMITH— In this*, city., March 24, 1902,- at the
home of her parents, 1115 Castro street
Alice, daughter of James and Mary Smith,
a native of Ohio. " ¦ ¦ ¦- - - •
¦ ¦•• • ty Funeral - -services "to-morrow (Wednes-
day),- at 11:30 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn
: Chapel; :.' .-.<¦ .¦ . ¦ ¦ ,.;- ,. ,.,
SHELLEY— In this city, March 24. 1902. Ma-
rie Luclle. beloved child of Simon and Mary
Shelley, a natite pf Kansas, a^ed 4 years 2
months . and 12 ¦ days. ' - ."
SAPAR— in this city. March 23. 1902. Lucy
. dearly beloved daughter of Antoneand Pe-
tronllla Sapar.- loving sister of Joseph. An-
nie and Garome Sapar; and riiece of Gerome
, Garbati, a native of Saa Francisco, ased 1
year and 1 month.' . : , . ., . ¦
ETInterment at Castroville Tuesday.
March 25. where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated at 11 a, m.- . - .
NEWMAN— In this city, t March 23, 1902.
Jeannette, . beloved daughter of Benjamin and
¦ Theodora • Newman. ¦ a native • of • San Fran-
cisco, aged 10 > years? 2 months and 11 days.
. ty Friends: and acquaintances-' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - to-dav
. (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'cloek, from the family
. residence. 1S16 Sacramento street: Interment
private at- Home of Peace Cemetery- by 11:30
train "from Third and ¦ Townsend '¦ streets.
Please: omit -flowers. > ¦ - , - -. ;.-
O'LOUGHLIN— In this city, March 24/ 1902,
PatHck O'Loughlin, a native -of Ireland,
ajed 6tt years.
PETERS— In Iryinfcton. March IS, 1902, The-
resia Ida Peters, beloved daughter of W. C.
and . Theresia Petersf, and sister of Flora.
Harry, Francl3 and Willie Peters, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years 7 months
and 12 days. (Fort Wayne Sentinel please
copy.) ( • .
PRIEST— In this city. March 24, 1902. Frank
G.. beloved son of Samuel B. and Hattie N.
Priest; and brother of Samuel F. and Alice
Priest, a native of San a«red 19
• years- 6 months and 15 days.
KI 1 ???, A1 \ DS ~ In larkspur. Cal.. March 22.
19U£,'*Mae J. RichaTdt.. a native- of Ean
Francisco, aged 25 years 3 months and IS
¦ days. - ' ¦' • • ¦ . ..- ;<j: • < ¦ ..-..•
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitad to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted &-Co.. 046 Mission street. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MURPHX— In 'Castroville. -Cal.. March 23.
1002, James Edward Murphy, beloved son of
Mrs. Mary B. Murphy, aged 23- years 1
month and 18 days. .
C7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ,to_jattend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0*10 o'clock, from' her late
residence, 1827% Bush street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a <olemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
fouI, commencing at 10 o'clock: Interment
Holy .Crews Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MORGAN— In this city. March 22, ' 1902, Wil-
liam P., beloved husband of Ella W.Morgan,
and father of Eleanor. Horace W. and
Therese Morgan, a native of Warren. Conn.,
aged 63 years 10 months and 25 days. .
E7The funeral services jwIII be held to-
day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 2211, Clay street. Interment
strictly private. . . .
MILLER— In this city. March 24. 1902. Deloin
J. Miller,, a native of Pennsylvania,' aged 42
years and 12 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
March 25, 1002, at 8 o'clock, from the resi-
dence / of her mother. ¦ 8 Virginia avenu*.
thence to St.. PauPs Church. Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, where a requiem high
man will be celebrated for the reooae- of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •., • . '
MARTIN— In this city,.' March " 23," 1902.
. Bridget (Delia), beloved wife of Patrick
. Martin, a native of Ireland. (Boston .papers
please copy.) ,. . -,. 1 ,
. E?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend a reciulem high mass for the repose of
his soul, to-day "(Tuesday), commencing at 9
a. m., at St. Boniface's Church. Golden Gat-s
> avenue. JTuneral and interment private.
LEE— In this dty.^March- 24, 1902,. Mary, be-
loved wife of the- late Thomas Lee. anl
mother, of William I. Lee • and the - late
Thomas F. and Mary J. Lee and Mrs. Nellie
Fowler, a native of the parish of Annaduff.
County, Leltrlm, Ireland, aged C8 years.
McGlLLVARY— In this /city, March 23, 1002.
Margery, beloved daughter of Sarah and the
late John McGillvary. and beloved sister of
WiUiam, Kittle and Mary McGillvary, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 18- y ears- 1 month
and 10 days. -. . ¦ . • •
Z^T Notice of- funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Post.
JAGELS— In Oakland, March 24. 1902. Charles
Bernhardt Jagels,. beloved son of Mrs. Emma
Brusewitz and the late Dledrich Jagels. and
brother of Dledrich Jagels. a native of Oak-
land, ased 21 years 10 months and 1 day.
A member of Camp No. 94, W. of W.
LAUINGER— In thtacity, March 23, 1902.- at
.his • residence. • 2210 Jones street,' John
B: Laulnger. beloved father of Mrs. M. A.
Donahue and John B. Laulnger^Jr., a native
of Gtimany, aged 79 years 10 months and It
days. ¦
sister of Gustavus and Alexander Walten-
- spiel, a native of Virginia.
HENDERSON— In this city. March 24, 1902,
William Henderson, a native of England,
: aced C2 years. . . • • . '"Wagon Wheel Passes Over His Head.
Samuel Jones, a teamster residing at 766
Howard street, while driving a sand cart
at Merritt and Twentieth streets yester
day, fell from his seat He fell In front
of the wagon with the result that one of
the wheels passed over his head, breaking
his jaw bone. The injured teamster was
removed to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Armlstead reduced the frac
ture.
Get your moving, chipping and storing done
by Erklns Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market. *
Almost Beached a Century.
Mrs. Julia M. Dodd died at the City
end County Hospital yesterday, after
having almost completed a century of
Jife. "While little Is known about her. sho
frequently said that she was born in
1S03. in New York. She went to the alms
house about a year ago. She was a mem
ber of the United Presbyterian Church
and will be burled by its charitable mem
bers. She was a resident of this city for
the last 30 years. She was formerly en-
Kaged as a nurse. Her husband died
meny years ago. The Interment will take
place in Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-mor
row afternoon.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
A cprlns medicine for constipation. Impure
blood, pimples, fallow complexion; 10c, 25c. •
WHERE "La Madeleine" last
week flaunted her painted
woes, this week "The Chris
tian" holds sway, at the Co
lumbia Theater, with Edward
Morgan and Elsie Leslie a-t the head of
things. A great many had evidently not
seen "The Christian." or, seeing it before,
were persuaded of the pleasure of again
seeing It, for the house was a decidedly
good one. It was felt by many play-goers
that the beforetime presentation of the
play, some two years ago. at the Colum
bia Theater, was rather a second-rate af
fair. Productions and people were of the
substitute class that the Eastern manager,
more frequently in the dear dead days
than now, used to hand out to us. * This
can by no means be said of the present
production offered by the Llebler people,
which is excellently cast and handled
throughout with conspicuous efficiency.
"The Christian" probably comes as near
conviction in the hands of its present ex
ponents aa it Is possible for a play of
lUs Inherent artificiality to come, and tho
acting Is well worth seeing, quite outside
of any merits the drama may possess.
The smallest role is amply cared tor, and
the principals compel strong sympathy
and interest throughout the whole course
of the play. It was evidently very jivell
enjoyed last night, Mr. Morgan and Miss
Leslie sharing several enthusiastic re
calls. . .
After Little Lord Fauntleroy, Miss Kl
sie Leslie in long frocks and grewn-up
emotions came oddly, but more than
gratefully. It is a far cry from the
quaint lovableness of the be-sashed and
be-curled little boy to the broad woman
liness of Glory Quayle, the high-spirited
Manx lassie who found fortune and fame
for herself In far London town, but Miss
Leslie has made the stride and must be
conceded a high place among contempo
rary stage lights. The freshness and
sparkle of her earlier work are retained,"
their delightful naturalness and ease. But
che has grown in power and gained in
technique, and has added to her large
personal charm a new note of true
womanliness. As the young Manx girl,
in- her willful, restless beauty, longing
to see the great world and to try her
wings. Miss Leslie is absolutely convinc
ing. Her impersonation has all the bril
liancy of winsome youth, the young ardor
and happy hopefulness of romantic in
experience. Later, as an actress, amid
the temptations of stage life, the clear
current of her day becomes muddled, her
ideals disturbed, and Miss Leslie again
admirably Indicates the emotional spirit
The revised building ordinance was re
ferred to the joint committee on Judi
ciary, Building and Kire.
The ordinance ordering the construction
of the Sunset main sewer along H street,
from Tenth to Seventh avenues, at a cost
of $10,000, was finally passed.
The ordinance ordering street work on
Seventeenth avenue, between H and X
streets, was finally passed.
The refusal of the Bay View Land Com
pany to accept 5S00 an acre for seven
acres of land for a pestbouse site was
referred to the Health Committee.
The rates for advertising resolutions of
award were fixed at 20 cents a square,
special privileges $10 and $10 for land
Crants.
The resolution granting the Yosemlte
Club permission to hold a professional
boxing exhibition in April was referred to
the Judiciary Committee, the board hav
ing been served with an injunction by the
ICatior^al Club to restrain it from grant
ing the permit.
The communication from the Grand
Jury requesting the passage of an ordi
nance to cause the dairies and cattle cor
rals to be removed from the University
Hound and Bay View district as nui
sances on the ground that their mainte
nance is against public policy in deter
ring the improvement of adjacent prop
erty was read during the discussion of
the ordinance.
The ordinance extending to Cambridge
6treet the district wherein it is prohib
ited to keep more than two cows was in
definitely postponed. After a number of
Protestants against the measure had been
heard Curtis urged its defeat on tho
ground that it would drive many milk
men out of business or to the outskirts
of the citi*.
"Two Cow" Ordinance Defeated.
The City Attorney was requested to in
form, the board as to what legal steps are
necessary to be taken to enable him to
bring suit to compel the Spring Valley
Company to lay mains for lire protection
and supplying water to Inhabitants in
outlying districts.
Noes — Booth, Braunhart, Connor, Curtis,
d'Ancona, Loushery. Wynn — 7. Absent, Box
ton.
Ayes — Alpers, Bent, Brandenstein, Comte.
Eeeere, Lynch. McClellan, Payot. Sanderson,
W ilson— 10.
"I move that a horizontal reduction of
S per cent be made on consumers' rates,"
eald Connor, after the defeat of his first
motion had been announced. The second
motion was lost by the same vote.
After Braunhart had expressed himself
on the subject Brandenstein called for
the question. Braunhart took exception
to Brandenstein addressing the chair as
"Mr. Chairman," saying the term should
be "Mr. President." Brandenstein referred
to Braunhart's eloquent outburst of ora
tory and the Mayor ruled that he had
been properly addressed. The vote on
liiinl passage was:
"Wants Reductions in Bates.
The motion was seconded by Braun
bjirt, but was lost by the following vote:
Ayes— Bootli. Braunhart. Conaor, Curtla,
d'Ancuna. Rougher}'. Wynn — 7.
Noes — .Vipers, bent. Brandenstein, Comte.
Eesers. Lynch. McClellaa. Fayot. Saaderaoa.
Wilson — 10. ¦ . •
"This ordinance," said Connor, "gives
the company an increase of 516,000 for
hydrants, JSuOO for meters and JS1.000 in
increased business, making a total of
J105.0W. I therefore move that the ordi
nance be amended to read $1 75 • per
hydrant, instead of $2, as the ordinance as
passed to print provides."
The ordinance fixing the water rates for
the next fiscal year was finally passed by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday. Con
nor made two unsuccessful effort* to re
duce the estimated revenue which the
rates will give the Spring Valley Water
Company.
Revenue.
Connor Makes Vain Efforts
to Reduce Company's
The Ordinance Is Finally
Passed by Board of
Supervisors.
Play Is Excellently Presented at the Columbia— MacDowell and Florence
Stone Give an Improved tJ La Tosca"— "Little Christopher" Is Popular
at Fischer's— "The. Serenade" Is Still Filling the Tivoli Opera-HouSe
WATER RATES
ARE ADOPTED
MISS LESLIE AND EDWARD MORGAN
SHARE HONORS IN "THE CHRISTIAN"
• Cafe Zlnkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. •
Two prominent churches of this el'v
will very likely lose their pastors. Dr
F. B. Cherington of, the" Plymouth Con
gregational Church is considering the ad
visability of - handing ' In his resignation
because of failing health, and Rev. John
r£ K l rr w pa l tor ot Trin »y Presbyterian
Church, has been elected secretary of the
American Tract Society. The position vat
Churches May Lose Pastors.
George P. Webster as Captain Jack
Conwav in "The Man o' Warsman" at
the. Central last night wonhlsway to the
hearts of the audience with his vivid por
trayal of the character of an American
naval officer. Beset on all sides by in
triguing diplomats, with oceans between
his vessel and his native, land,' he over
comes difficulty after difficulty and in the
last act victory perches on the stars and
Central.
La Tosca". as presented last night at
the Grand Opera-house by Melbourne
MacDowell and Florence Stone is a vast
Improvement over the ."La Tosca" that
they gave • us last season. The tableaux
are more artistic 'and 'the situations more
carefully worked up. It was a large and
sympathetic, audience that .'welcomed the
favorites back in the tragic play, by, Sar
dou and every good point was applauded
to the echo. "La Tosca" has become a
favorite with the theater-going public and
Grand Opera-House.
Edward O'Brien, : President of "The
Successful American," Comes
to Find Material Here.
| D. Edward O'Brien of New York, presi
dent of the "Successful American," is in
the city in the Interest of that publica
tion.
"The Successful American" is a recojr
nized standard biographical magazine It
is ably edited and as a reference and edu
cational work it has -a distinct value
The magazine is now in its third venr
of success and Mr. O'Brien has come to
San Francisco for the purpose of collect
ing material for its columns. c °uect-
COMES TO CITY IN BEHAUS 1
OF WEUL-KN-0W1T MAGAZINE
',,™ e fl "h week of the nresentatlon of
The Serenade" commenced at the Tivoli
Opera-house -last night. There was a
large audience. The extraordinary suc
cess of this charming opera at this popu
lar place of entertainment Is not surpris
ing, with such a splendid cast, every mem
ber being admirably cast. The principals—
Ferris Hartman, Arthur Cunningham,
William Schuster,. Harold Gordon, Harry
Cashraan,. Edward ''-Webb, Anna Lichter,
Frances Graham and Annie Myers— were
in splendid voice and encores were in or
der. The topical ; songs introduced ; by
Hartman make; a great hit and the audi
ence could not get enough of "Dreaming."
The choruses are finely rendered and the
orchestra is well: handled.. There should
be crowded houses for the rest of the
Tivoli.
I The California will" be' incumbered the
rest of the week with this melodrama,
thflt must have been booked by accident
and will then redeem itself by presenting
Field's Greater Minstrels, one of the clev
erest aggiegations on the road. These
minstrels open Sunday night. They were
here last season and left a strong im
pression. This is one of the best minstrel
organizations In the country, and more of
show than any of the others.
Field has a new political, travesty this
time that should take well. The one he
gave last year was the talk of the town
In his first part this season over 1000 elec
tric lights are used in depicting "A Day
and a Night at the-Pan-Ameriean Expo
sition. ¦ •
"The Denver Express" at the. California
is a melodrama of such frightful mien
that the public is too scared to attend it.
Tho California after a bunch of good
shows has let one slip in that is so lurid
it blinds. The actors are so bad that
they are in danger of being arrested. The
villain is a 'bloodthirsty brute and, com
mits every crime known to the -'police.
Some who have attended the show even
say he Is Bennett. •
California.
The Orpheum bill for. this week has, as
usual, a full quota of attractive features.
The house was crowded to the doors last
night, and every number on the pro
gramme was enthusiastically applauded.
Louis Simon, Grace Gardner and company
In their, farce "The New Coachman"
seemed to bo the favorites of the audi
ence. Frank Lincoln, the humorist, who
toured the world with the Eastern base
ball stars some years ago, is as clever aa
ever. His impersonations created no end
of amusement. Fanny Rice also proved a
successful funmaker. Hedrix and Pres
cott do an excellent song and dance turn,
i-'aplnta, the famous dancer, is as won
derful/and dazzling as of old. Gorman
and Keppler were encored time and again.
Their original little military* sketch was
particularly amusing. The Mllani trio, vo
calists, and Instrumentalists, gave a su
perb rendering of some pretty Italian mu
?i . e . vl0 -inist has a splendid concep
tion of his art and an ability of rendition
that has not often been equaled in San
Francisco. Les Troubadours Toulouslans
are still singing their beautiful. melodies,
and seem. to be as much appreciated as
Orpheum.
j The sleuth at once jumped to the con
clusion that he had discovered John Ben
nett and forthwith communicated^ his
find- to the upper office at police, head
quarters. The restaurant man who had
described John Bennett , was shown the
picture and said that it was that of the
man the police were looking for. When
he saw the man whose photo he had pre
viously inspected the restaurant "man de
clared that he was not Bennett, much to
the chagrin of. the private detective.
Neither Chief of Police Wlttman nor
Captain of Detectives Seymour has any
thing new to report- on the ; search for
John Bennett. •
stripes, while the curtain falls to the
tune of "Yankee Doodle" and amid voci
ferous cheers from the big audience. The
play is a good melodrama, splendidly
staged and the characters are all cleverly
portrayed. Georgle Cooper, always clever,
excelled herself last night as a French
girl in love with Ensign Barry Hanley
an Irishman, in the service of the United
States. ¦ The part of Hanley was cleverly
enacted by Edwin T. Emery. Annette
Marshall's Elinor Danlelgh.^ a' difficult
part, was cleverly done and Stanley Ross
was very good as Captain Basilio Havi
lando,-a -Spanish naval officer. The play
ispo. thrilling ana abounds in so many
dramatic situations that*. at the end of
each act the performers are called before
the curtain. '. .' ;.*>-, .; .
Relying on the drooping eyelid the
sleuth happened to see a photgraph of a
pianist and actor who for the last four
years has been employed at a cineo
graph theater on Market street.
When shown a portrait of Nora Fuller,
published a few days after the discovery
of the dead girl's body in the vacant
house on Sutter street, Ida Jeffries said
that it was not the portrait , of the girl
she met nearly. two years ago. The
statements made by Ida Jeffries were so
contradictory that no reliance is placed
on .her story, that she ever met 'a girl
who gave her name as Nora Fuller.
A private detective set police circles in
a flurry Sunday by claiming that he had
found a picture of John Bennett and that
he had located the original of the photo
graph, v": ,. , . , .
Ida Jeffries not only told a lurid story
of her friendship with Nora Fuller, but
also claimed that she had seen her with
a strange man shortly before her disap
pearance, the man answering the descrip
tion of Bennett. When closely questioned
Ida Jeffries . admitted that twenty-one
months ago she had casually met a girl
on the street who gave her name as Nora
Fuller, and that she had met this girl
about six times in the following two
weeks and had not seen her since.
. The claim made by the young girl Ida
Jeffries that she was well acquainted
with Nora Fuller and could throw con
siderable light. on her disappearance and
mysterious death has absolutely no foun
dation.
Two supposed good clews as to the
identity of t,he much-wanted John Ben
nett, the man who is accused. of causing
the death of Nora Fuller, were swept
aside yesterday upon Investigation.
of a Young Girl Both Prove of
No Value.
Find of a Private Detective and Story
there, and when theater-goers are deliber
ating what places of amusement they will
attend during the week Fischer's is al
ways among the first to be considered.
There are dazzling stage pictures and a
continual fusillade of merriment. The
costumes and music are beautiful.
"Little Christopher'" still holds sway at
Fischer's. The third edition of this clever
burlesque is even more pleasing than the
two that preceded it. Many new numbers
have been put on, and the chorus has
been strengthened by good voices and
pretty girls. ,Pilar Morin and Harry
Hermsen divide the honors. The former
is very fascinating and the latter is a
comedian above the ordinary. Miss Lil
lian Coleman has a splendid voice and sha
does justice to the songs she renders. The
piece is full of catchy airs and sweet
mu , slc - J here Is. a great deal of comedy
and the fun never abates.
of the scenes, maintaining the same nice
balance and restraint that characterize
her whole effort. •
She is a smaller Glory than Hall Caine
has painted, not quite the full-blooded,
affluently endowed creature of his inten
tion, and in the -more 'strenuous scenes
this is slightly fait. .Where John. Storm
attempts her life,- the actress, though true
in key in her terror, a little lacks depth.
But. on the whole, it is a most engaging
portrayal. ' • ¦ •
Mr. -Morgan's strenuous methods find
grateful exercise in the part of John 1
Storm, that is almost always convincing
as he plays it. As the young preacher,
the man with the fixed idea, the sincerity
and < earnestness of Mr. Morgan are at
their most useful, and this popular actor
did therein as good work as he has done
here. < Particularly ; marked was the ex
cellent sympathy existing between Miss
Leslie and Mr. Morgan, the - admirable
balance of their scenes, together, never
overdone nor underacted; In the stronger
scenes the actor. was at his best, and his
powerful and finished interpretation was
greeted .with rousing applause.
The supporting company is of the most
useful. Charles Rowan ! makes an excel
lent Lord Ure; Frank A.'Lypn comes in
as a fine, portly bit of ecclesiastical back
ground as Archdeacon Wealthy; Herbert
Fortler pleases as -Drake, and Jefferson
Uoyd helps things along cleverly as the
"Faro King." Carrie Lee Stoyle is the
Mrs. Callendar, ' , and - is a wholesome,
sturdy, Scotch dame with an accent that
cheers, and Polly Love is pretty well done
by Helen Wethersby. The rest of the
parts are acceptably filled, and the piece
is very well staged.
THOUGHT HE LOCATED
NORA FULLER'S SLAYER
TWO CLEVER STARS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION WHO ARE
ENTERTAINING' PATRONS OF ; COLUMBIA AND GRAND OPERA
HOUSE DURING THE PRESENT- WEEK.
The second ordinance makes It unlaw
ful for any person to become an inmate
of or visit any saloon, cafe or public place
where liquors are sold or given away and
vhere any game played with cards for
money Is dealt or conducted. The pro
visions, however, shall not apply, to family
dwellings.
The amendatory ordinance to order No.
1587 provides that "it shall be unlawful
for any person in the city and county of
San Francisco to play the game of poker,
or aa a dealer to take part in playing the
game of poker for money or other repre
sentatives of value In any barroom, or any
public place or for any person conducting
or having possession of or being in charge
of any barroom or any public place, either
?.s owner or employe, to permit the game
of poker to be played therein for money,
checks, credits or other representatives of
value. Any person violating the provis
ions of this section shall be deemed guilty
of a misdemeanor and be punished by a
fine of not less than $50 nor more than six
months' imprisonment or by both such
fine and imprisonment."
The ordinances were referred to the
joint Committee on Judiciary and Police.
Provisions of Ordinance.
The first ordinance makes it unlawful
for any person to deal, play or bet at or
against any game played with cards for
money, check or credits in any saloon,
cafe or public place or in any room,
apartment or place attached to such
saloon, cafe or public 'place, or in any
house, room or place where llqours, drinks
or cigars are dispensed, sold or given
away, and make It unlawful for the
owner, proprietor, manager or person
having the occupancy, charge or control
of any of such designated places to per
mit any of such prohibited games to be
de-alt or played, but provides that the pro
visions of the ordinance shall not apply
to certain places where the written au
thority or consent of the*Pollce Commis
sioners has been given for the conduct of
such prohibited games, and provides fur
ther that ita provisions shall not affect
the playing of the games in any private
family. Any person violating the ordi
nance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor
end shall be punished by a fine of $500
and Imprisonment for six months.
Boxton explained that the communica
tion had been addressed to him personally
through an error of the secretary of the
Police Commission, who should have sent
it to the Clerk of the Board. Boxton said
that through an oversight the papers had
lain in the Police Committee's box, of
which he is chairman. He denied that
there was any intention to conceal the
documents.
At the opening of yesterday's session of
the Board of Supervisors Box ton pre
sented the drafts of two proposed ordi
nances to prohibit the playing of poker in
saloons. They were framed by the Police
Commission. He also presented a com
munication dated January 30, 1902, from
the same body, urging the passage of the
measure. The communication says:
SAN FRANCISCO, January 30, 1902.
To the Hon. Charles Boston, chairman Police
Committee of the Board of Supervisors — Sir:
Pursuant to instructions received by ma at a
meeting I of the Police Commissioners held
January 28, 1902. I respectfully refer to the
Police Committee of the Board of Supervisors
for its consideration the inclosed drafts of two
proposed ordinances and the Inclosed draft of
an order amendatory of section 78 of order
No. 1037. These ordinance? are designed to
suppress the playing- of poker in saloons and
public places, an evil which existing laws do
not seem to reach. The Police Commission
requests you and your colleagues to give this
subject the careful consideration which its Im
portance warrants, with a view, to recom
mending to the board the passage of the ordi
nances herewith submitted to you and of all
such legislation as may be necessary to ef
fectually prevent and inhibit such poker play
ing. Respectfully,
BOARD OF POLICE COMMISSIONERS.
B. J. CADWALADER, Secretary.
Boxton Explains Belay.
Makes It Unlawful to Play
the Game in Cafes or
Saloons.
Police Commission Sub
mits Ordinances to
Supervisors.
James Walters, alias McKay; Charles
"Walters, alias McKay, and Thomas Mc-
Kay were arrested last night by Detec
tives Reagan and O'Connell and charged
at the City Prison with the robbery. The
three men are well known to the police.
John McCartney of 537 Seventh street
reported to the police yesterday morning
that he was held up by three men at Sec
ond and Natoma streets on Sunday after
noon about 4 o'clock and $3 taken from
him. He gave aa -witnesses the names
of Mabel Turner, 16 Hunt street; Lizzie
Ahem, 11 Hunt street, and Marie Boehm,
143 Natoma street.
Bobbed In Daylight.
FIGHT AGAINST
POKER PLAYING
formerly occupied by Rev. W. W. Hand,
who resigned. Bishop Hamilton will be
tendered a reception by the Methodist
Episcopal churches next Tuesday evening
in Grace M. E. Church, corner Twenty
first and Capp streets. The Presbyterian
Ministerial Union held a short meeting
yesterday morning. Devotional exercises
were conducted by Rev. Harry Hillar of
Berkeley.
Fischer's.
Fischer's Theater, the home of bur
lesque, has taken its place among the
successful show houses of the city. The
best people are enjoying the performances
Powel Fredrick, the appointee of Mayor
Schmitz as clerk of the Justices' Court,
said last night that he will continue to
hold the office, and If McComb should at
tempt to transact the business of the
clerk's office action will be brought
against him and the case 'Will be carried
to the Suprema Court, when the question
as to his title to the office will be decided
as speedily as possible.
"Our contention is," said Fredrick,
"that under the charter the Mayor has
sole power in the premises, and the Su
preme Court alone will have to decide
who has title to the office." .
McComb was then called on for an ex
planation and said that while he had left
the office before the end of the day on
several occasions he always entered his
work the next morning-.
The vote to confirm McComb's nomina
tion follows: ' V
Ayes— Alpers, Bent, Booth, Brandenstein,
Braunhart, Comte, Curtis, r/Ancona, Eggers,
Payct. Sanderson. Wilson — 12.
Noes — Connor, Ix>ugh«ry, Lynch, ilcClellan,
Wynn — 5.
"That is not so," said the Mayor. "I
will favor any man whom I consider a'
good man, whether he be a Republican
or a Democrat. I will say that McComb
was not removed because he played the
races, but he was derelict in not attend
ing to his duties during the afternoon
hours." -
Brandenstein asked the Mayor if he did
not object to McComb's confirmation on
account of the latter's political affilia
tions.
"It is all politics," said Connor. "It is
a ' fight between one Republican boss on
one side and a Republican boss on the
other. ¦ There are eight Democrats on this
board besides four Democrats elected on
the Union Labor party ticket. I will vote
to confirm a good Democrat if the Jus
tices name one."
Connor "Wants Good Democrat.
¦ Wynn made a plea to abide by the
Mayor's desire, and Curtis argued that
the Board of Supervisors should not
hamper business in the Justices' court
by refusing to indorse the appointment
made by the Justices of the Peace.
"The Justices . are all Republicans,"
said Curtis, "and they have named a
good man. I think It Is our duty to con
iirm him." ¦ ¦'...
"When* the letter of the Justices of the
Peace nominating McComb had been read
Wynn said that the Mayor had stated at
the conterence held Thursday tnat he
would not lavor the confirmation of Mc-
Comb, because the latter had been re
moved wun Williams. The Justices of
the Peace, nowever, held that the Mayor
had no right to interlere in the appoint
ment of a Justices', clerk, said Wynn.
"1 have supported the Mayor in putting
a derelict omcial out . of office," said
Comte, "but 1 think my support should
stop there. 1 know Mr. McComb as a
capable clerk. 1 must consider that there
is now no Justices' clerk and public busi
ness is surtering. I don't believe that
politics should enter into the matter, and
J. intend to vote for McComb, even
though. I may be expelled from a Demo
cratic club. I therefore move that Mr.
McComb's nomination be confirmed."
"While we have sanctioned the Mayor's
course in removing Williams," said Bran
denstein, "I thin* that tne situation
should be relieved so that litigants may
be able to conduct their suits. I there
fore second the motion to confirm Mc-
Comb's nomination. While it is regret
table that McComu was associated with
Williams, I know that- he is competent
to nil the position."
Comte then presented the resolution to
confirm, the Mayor insisting that a reso
lution was necessary.
The Board of Supervisors by a vote
of 12 to 5 yesterday confirmed the nomin
ation: of George S. McComb to be clerk
of the Justices' Court, the nomination
having been sent in last -week by f oar
Justices of the Peace. A resolution was
adopted to that eirect and ratine^ Mc-
Comb's appointment for a period of two
years, the resolution to become effective
immediately. This course will result in
Powel Fredrick, the Mayor's appointee,
making way this morning for McComb,
who is now the legally constituted Jus
tices' clerk. The fact that the confirma
tion was done by resolution makes it pos
sible that the Mayor will exert his pre
rogative* to disapprove the measure, but
it is not thought that he will ck) so, as
the resolution, could be passed over his
head, i
improves on each representation. -There
is a weird fascination in watching the
play ' of features", of that sanctimonious,
i .hypocritical scoundrel,, the Baron Scar
pia, and the representation loses none of
'its villainy in the capable hands of Mel
bourne MacDowell. This is one of his
¦ best roles and he leaves no room for criti
cism. . He is ably supported by Florence
Stone as La Tosca. The torture scene in
the third act was so realistic last night
that it held the audience spellbound until
the fall of»the curtain and then . there
were several curtain calls for the leading
characters. Mr. Mayall impersonated
the artist, Mario, in his usual earnest,
vigorous way anckwas liberally applauded
for his conscientious efforts. William
Bernard's fugitive Angelotti and Fred
Butler's Schiarone were equally earnest
and faithful works of art. The waits be
tween acts are too long. It is like a con
tinued story i.n a monthly magazine— one
f org-ets the first chapter before the other
is begun.
Twelve Supervisors Vote for
the Relief of Minor
Litigants.
Glerk.
Approves His Nomina
tion to Be Justices'
BOARD CONFIRMS
GEORGE M'COMB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MARCH 25, 1902.
12
OFFICE CHIEF OF POLICE.
"It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. GEORGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket street. I have been using glasses for the
past four years, and during that time have
consulted several opticians, but not until I con-
sulted Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and had him flt
glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most respectfully. J. H. ANDERSON.
"Sergeant of Police. San Francisco."
AT>7V1TRATi GEORGE DEWEY,
Who used Georjo Mayerle's glasses during tb»
Spanish-American war. and la still using them
with much satisfaction, highly recommends Mr.
George Mayerle. and sends the following testi-
monial :
"Mr. George* Mayerle. German Expert Opti-
cian, 1071 Market st.. S. F.-My Dear Sir: I
am still using with much satisfaction the
glasses you sent me at Manila; also, the new,
ones suit my eyes perfectly. Yours very truly.'
"GEORGE DEWEY."
MR. GEORGE MATERLE. th» German Ex-
pert Optician, who has been established at 1071
MARKET STREET nearly five yean. Is In no
way connected ¦with a party ¦who opened next
door to him and calling themselves "Mayerle A
Co." Remember. GEORGE MAYERLE has not
moved. Ho Is still at 1071 MARKET STREET.
When wlshins to consult Mr. Mayerla INSIST
upon seeing Mr. Georgo Mayerla PERSON
A LiLY.
A CROWX on every window Indicate*
GEORGE MAYERI^E'S place. ENTRANCE
1071. ;'.¦»¦
ig| A Warning
* teB * s^ ' TO THE PUBLIC.
ADVEHTISEKEENTS.
GREENBERG &
GREENBERG
31-37 6RANT AYE., Gor. Geary St.
FANCY EMBROIDERED ROBES
SILK SKIRTS
WAISTS in all desirable textures
FEATHER BOAS-RUFFS
LACE TRIMMINGS
ALL-OVER GRASS LINENS
SILKS
HOSIERY
UNDERWEAR
CORSETS
GLOVES
HANDKERCHIEFS
VEILINGS
RIBBONS
NECKWEAR .
LEATHER GOODS
BUCKLES AND BELTS
NOTIONS, Etc^Eto,
GREENBEReTfiREENBERfi
31-37 GRANT AYE., Cor. Geary St.
\ ADVEBTISEMENTS. _^~~~~~™^
corrniOMT >•«• it Tm mocTM * i**M CO. cmciiiM*t» {
WITHIN REACH. |
U— >JECAUSE of its low price Ivory Soap is J
n7<d within the reach of all. Besides its low 1
fl 1 ' J* CO st it has the advantage that it is J
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses;
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds
of soap each intended for a special purpose.
IVORY SOAP IS 99 «><& PER CENT. PURE. I
— — ¦¦
We made a lucky purchase . of golf shirts the : other • day —
• bought them from a New York manufacturer who was long, on '
! shirts and short on cash. We helped him out — but at our own
price. Here the shirts are, to be had at only 50c. .. -
; The shirts are made with percale bodies and madras fronts, but ¦
the two materials match closely in design and colors; they are
full size and well made; sizes 14 to i6yi; pair of separate link
cuffs; brand new shirts in swell spring patterns; price
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street,
I WHITE KID TURXET> SLIPPERS. H
All Sixes and Widths, tor M
EASTER I
t| 90 CENTS A PAIR. S
j : We Give Trading Stamp*. H
j UmTrHTFISHER, 1
I 943 MARKET ST. *j