PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 6.
LETSON BALLIET
IS FOUND GUILTY
His Holiness
Sends His
Thanks.
GOVERNOR TAFT PRESENTS
THE LITERARY WORKS OF
ROOSEVELT TO THE POPE
MINING OPERATOR WHO HAS
BEEN CONVICTED OF USING
MAILS TO DEFRAUD.
LONDON. June 5.— An official statement
issued by the War Office this evening
Fhows that the total reduction of the
British forces in South Africa up to May
SO of the present year was 97.477. This in
cludes killed, wounded, prisoners, deaths
from disease and men invalided home. Of
thes* many have recovered and rejoined
their regiments, leaving 28,434 dead or per
manently Incapacitated. The total num
*er of troops killed In action or who died
<5f wounds is 7792, while the total number
of deaths from disease Is 13,259.
South Africa.
Terrible Cost to British of War in
REDUCTION OF THE ARMY.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.|
W., WASHINGTON. Juno 5.— When Sec
retary Root returned to his desk this
morning the entire War Department was
humming and buzzing with comment on
the latest breach of axmy regulations and
tfco entire staff of General Miles denying
tfcat their chief had participated In the
disclosure of army secrets. It is bluntly
stated by officials of the War Department
that General Miles is suspected of having
been instrumental in getting- these charges
before the public. No secret has been
made of the suspicions against General
Miles in the past. The War Department
takes the view that the officer or em
ploye who abstracted these reports so that
they should b« made public was guilty
not only of violating army regulations but
was, also guilty of attacking the United
States army of which he was a part.
Hence, if General Miles had a hand in
this they say he has been attacking
the army of which ha Is the highest of
ficer.
PROOF IS LACKING.
Thus far no proof has been brought
against General Miles. It Is all based on
Inference, the inference being that Gen
eral Miles Is at loggerheads with Presi
dent Roosevelt, Secretary of War Root,
Adjutant General Corbin, General Chaf-
Jee, whom he sought to supplant in China
and the Philippines, and, in fact, with the
entire military organization.
It la pointed out that G«neral Miles has
sLir*xAy «tt^/-k,>d the President and Sec
retary of War and their legislation In a
"privileged communication" before the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs.
Practically all persons through whose
hands the damaging charges made by
Private We4r passed have denied that
they had a hand in maJcing them public.
It was also emphatically denied by Gen
eral Miles' aids to-day that anybody at
army headquarters was in collusion with
Senator Culberscn. General Miles may
r.ot return to Washington until after the
celebration at West Point on June 11. but
he will be called upon for information.
Senator Culberson, who got the Weir
charges into the Congressional Record,
complicated the situation to-day by mak
ing the following statement:
"In view of what occurred I do not
feel that I am called upon to disclose
where I obtained the information I pre
sented to tho Senate during the Philip
pine debate last Tuesday. I will say this
much, however, that I obtained the in
formation from a reputable gentleman,
•who Is neither directly nor Indirectly
connected with the army or the War De
partment."
RELIES ON CULBERSON.
KANSAS CITY, June 5.— Lieutenant
General Nelson A. Miles, commanding
the army, passed through Kansas City
last night, it is said, on his way from
Fort Riley to Washington, called there
by President Roosevelt and threatened
•with an immediate court-martial on a
charge of having betrayed certain official
secrets. General Miles went through here
the day before attended by several other
members of a board convened to observe
long gauge gun tests at Fort Riley, to
be bo engaged for several days; and he
came back yesterday afternoon entirely
alone and in such haste that he had not
even reserved a sleeping-car berth.
A reporter read to General Miles a spe
cial dispatch eaying that he was suspected
In the White Hous.e of having furnished
details of the scandal Involving Lieutenant
Arnold to Senator Culberson. General
Miles' comment was: "Senator Culberson
teems to have made an answer as full
as one could make and as explicit as Sen
ator Bcveridge or any one could demand."
"But for yourself, general?"
"I repeat that Senator Culberson seems
to have made the reply for which you are
asking."
"There Is a second dispatch, general,"
was then remarked, "to the effect that
you are peremptorily ordered back to
Washington to face charges."
General Miles would make no reply to
this. He left for Washington at 6:30 last
right, a short time after his arrival from
Fort Rflcy. While here he did not leave
the Union slntion.
Refuses to Talk on
Leakage of Army
Secrets. >
Lieutenant General Is
Hurrying Back to
Washington.
Miles and the Men
Under Him Are
Indignant.
PROMPT
DENIAL
IS MADE
Young when questioned admitted that he
inserted the glowing advertisement about
the Diamond Oil Company which, how
ever, had been exposed in a local oil
Journal as being far from what it claimed
to be.
When Balliet was asked to explain his
connection with, the companies of which
he was president, he stated that he had
bc*n elected presiflent during his absence
and without his knowledge or consent
Though he. at tha> time, denied knowing
any one of the name of "A. D. Young"
in connection with his . offices, it wa s'
known that the party was Miss Alice D
Young, a' stenographer ;in his sulte r of
offices, who attended to tho receipt of all
the mail. He, however, on being pressed
on the subject, produced a man named
Cal Young, an advertising solicitor for an
Eastern newspaper.
The San Francisco Mining Company, of
which Balliet was shown to bo president
was incorporated for the purpose of work
ing the Josephine mine in El Dorado
County. The mine had been owned by J.
M. Nougues, an attorney of this city who
sought the. aid of Balliet to exploit it on
the market.
At the time one issue of a Boston news
paper contained no less than six columns
of advertising and reading matter of com
panies operated from Balliet's rooms. The
Pacific Oil Company was written up aa
being one of the great oil companies of
California, situated in the Arroyo Honda
district of the San Joaquin Valley. The
Diamond Oil Company was written up as
one of the finest oil properties in the Me-
Kittrick district and Investors were asked
to address "A. D. Young. Room 8, 508
California street, San Francisco."
I-etson Balliet came into particular
prominence in San Francisco when in
June. 3901. the postal authorities stopped
the heavy mail addressed to him He
held forth as a. mining king, owner of
streetcar lines, electric light works and
newspapers In a suite of offices at 508
California street. He occupied no* less
than twelve rooms and was evidently do
ing a vast business. Ten typewriters
were engaged answering people all over
the country, who were sending money to
Balliet for Investment after reading ac
counts of his swift rise to fortune and the
many enterprises with which he was con
nected.
BALLIET'S CAREER HERE.
Cisco because of his use of the mails In
California to push his scheme.
Daring Operator May
Serve Eighteen
Months.
Postofflce Inspector Mayer promises
that If Balliet escapes on this prosecution
eventually he will be tried In Ban Fran-
He was indicted about sixteen months
ago, and a year ago this summer his trial
was begun in Des Moines. A juror died
and the case went over to the May term.
1C02, of the Federal court here. Attorneys
for Balliet propose to take the case to the
United States Supreme Court. The ex
treme penalty is eighteen months in the
penitentiary \and $500 fine.
The Government objected to the use of
the mails to procure money in the first
place for the sale of stock In a company
which had no valid title to the property
in which its stockholders were assured
they would participateTsecondly, to the
sale of stock through the mails without
expending the money he received in de
veloping the property he was selling ac
cording to his agreement. . ....
UNCLE SAM OBJECTS.
When he had secured possession of the
mine he removed his headquarters to
San Francisco and operated from that
city, where he employed thirty people
night and day sending out circulars and
letters advertising his proposition.
Balliet Is 29 years o.f age and the son
of Judge B. F. Balliet, recently of the
Polk County District bench, residing in
this city. Young Balliet was engaged in
no business unfil he acquired the man
agement of the White Swan Mining and
Milling Company. A large number of
technical difficulties concerning the title
to the property having' arisen, he bought
the claims and secured a clear title to
the White Swan mine. Meanwhile he
had been selling stock in the property.
It was essential for the government to
prove that Balliet intended to defraud
the investors when he started to use
the mails to sell them stock. This was
shown by his expenditure of about $75,000
of the money in the manner described
and in no way connected with the devel
opment of the property. The Govern
ment clinched the case against Balliet
when he went on the stand and failed to
testify as t3 the whereabouts of the re
maining $150,000 known to have been col
lected by the sale of the stock, but not
accounted for.
INTENDED TO DEFRAUD.
ors in stock in the White Swan
Mining Company, whose property is lo
cated near Baker City, Or. He was charg
ed with having received about $220. WO
from purchasers of stock and with having
Invested not to exceed $25,000 in the prop
erty, and that largely in acquiring the
title to It alter he had begun to sell
stock. It was proved by the Government
that during the two and one-naif years
that Balliet operated the scheme he had
expended $23,000 in buying a newspaper
at Baker City, about $35,0CK) in advertising
the mine and himself as the Cecil Rhodes
of America; that he had expended various
sums on actresses and personal outlays
and that since the purchase of the White
Swan mine he has put practically nothing
into it with a view to developing it on be
half of the stockholders.
ES MOINES. Iowa, June 5.—Let
son Balliet was found guilty in
the Federal Court to-day of us
—~"~ ing the malls to defraud Invest-
Convicted of Using
the Mails to
Defraud.
Stirring Up an Old Trouble.
LONDON. June -5.— Thomas Gibson
Howies, Conservative, in the House of
Commons to-day, renewed the attempt
to obtain information as to whether Great
Britain gave the United States any as
surance prior to the war with Spain. The
Government. leader. A. J. Balfour, depre
cated a recurrence to a subject regard
ing which, he declared, a good many ques
tions already had been put with anything
but good results. The matter was only of
historic interest and Mr. Balfour thought
it better that it be allowed to rest.
Professor Pease Receives Honor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 5.—
Professor E. M. Pease, until recently head
of the Latin department at the university,
was granted the degree of doctor of Iaw3
by President H. Balser of the University
of Colorado to-day. Professor Pease la
greatly honored in receiving this degree
from the same university which granted
him his A. B. and A. M. degrees.
.WASHINGTON, June 5.— Senator Hale
to-day introduced an amendment to the
naval appropriation bill providing for the
appointment of a commission to select a
site for a new navy yard in the vicinity
of the present navy yard at Mare Island,
Cal., with the end of transferring the
Mare Island 'yard to the proposed new
yard. The amendment sets forth as a
reason for the change the remoteness of
the Mare Island yard from the coast and
the impossibility of reaching It with large
vessels.
Impossible for Large Vessels to
Reach It.
VAUiEJO NAVY YABD
MAY BE ABANDONED
Senator Hale Complains That It Is
WASHINGTON, June 5.— President
Roosevelt has approved the findings of
the court-martial which sentenced First
Lieutenant Ernest Hagedorn, of. the
Twenty-Eighth Infantry, to be dismissed
from the service after two years' confine
ment in the penitentiary, the confinement
to begin June 15. Lieutenant Hagedorn
was accused of embezzlement of $3015 of
the public funds while acting as quarter
master of the troops at Nalc, Cavite Prov
ince, on or about March. 1 of this year.
According to the evidence he received this
money from Lieutenant A. W. Foreman
and almost, immediately proceeded to go
on a protracted spree, during which he
spent the money without knowing much
about the method. He has a splendid rec
ord as a soldier, having. reached his com
mission through promotion from . the
ranks. Apparently his only sin was
drunkenness. Colonel A. C. Markley,
Thirteenth Infantry, was president, and
Major M. F. Waltz, judge advocate . of
the court-martial -which found him guilty
at Manila.
ty-Eighth Infantry Must Serve
Two-Year Sentence.
Lieutenant Ernest Hagedorn of Twen-
PRESIDENT APPROVES
COURT-MARTIAL FINDINGS
Smith and Major Porter of the
Judge advocate's department at Washing
ton. Judge Taft presented to his Holiness
a letter from" President Roosevelt and a
box containing President Roosevelt's lit
erary works. The . Pope expressed his
thanks for Mr.*'R6osevelt's friendly greet
ings, promised to study the difficult Phil
ippine question, and said he hoped for re
sults. ' ¦ . •'; " ; "' . , '
The Pontiff also, asked Judge Taft; to
thank President Roosevelt for his gift.
«y June 5.— The Pope to-day
ffl JP received. Judge Taft, Civil
M'^L^ Governor of the Philippines;
M i^ Bishop Thomas O'Gorman of
JML IhL. Sioux Falls, S. D. ; Judge
Review of the Church
Question in the
Philippines.
General Gomez asks his friends to de
feat this resolution, saying it would bo
unfair for him to accept money so long
as the other Cuban soldiers have not been
provided for. General Gomez asserts that
he has a bill against the Government for
war services which some day will have to
be paid, but that he is willing to wait un
til such time as Cuba can pay all her sol
diers.
HAVANA, June 5.— General Maximo
Gomez has published an open letter hero
in which he refuses to accept the annual
pension of $6000 provided for him In a
resolution which Is now before tho Cuban
House of Representatives.
Can Pay All Her Soldiers.
GENERAL GOMEZ REFUSES
TO ACCEPT THE PENSION
He Is Willing to Wait Until Cuba
Judge Taft subsequently met Cardinal
Rampolla, the Papal Secretary of State,
and opened the discussion of Philippine
matters.
The Pope appeared to bo In excellent
health during his interview with Governor
Taft and was In a vivacious humor. Ha
referred pleasantly to Archbishop Ireland
In what he had to say concerning the Ro
man Catholic church In the United States.
PONTIFF IN GOOD HEALTH.
Catholic church In th© United States and
intense Interest in the republic. He
earnestly desired to help the American
administration of the Philippines in every
possible way, and he assured Governor
Taft that the Vatican would approach all
questions raised In the broadest and most
conciliatory spirit. The Pope said also
that matters of detail in connection with
the questions to be decided would bo re
ferred to a committee of Cardinals, where
they would be considered at length, and
that all the issues would be treated with
the sole aim of reaching a settlement sat
isfactory to all parties concerned.
ASSURANCES OF POPE.
Replying to Judge Taft. the Pontiff ex
pies&ed the greatest pride in the Roman
'¦While' talking with the Pope Governor
Taft reviewed in a summary way the
questions in'the Philippines which require
settlement. He pointed out to his Holi
ness that the readjustment of the rela
tions of church and state in the islands
was not an indication of hostility, of the
United States to the Catholic church, but
declared that such a readjustment was
merely a necessity under the American
constitution. Governor Taft referred to
the prosperity and the freedom of the
Roman Catholic church in the United
States, and cited these- conditions as an
assurance that the Vatican had nothing
to fear from the extension of the author
ity of the United States over the Philip
pine Islands.
EXPLAINED BY TAFT.
Bishop O'Gorman acted as interpreter
£»nd Major Porter read the President's
letter. The audience lasted forty min
utes.
Pontiff Expresses Desire to Aid American
Administration in the Work.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE UNITED STATES, THE CIVIL GOVERNOR
. OF THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS. THE SUPREME PONTIFF. AND
THE PAPAL SECRETARY OF STATE.
Secretary Moody to-da y sen t to the
House the dispatches passing at the Ume
of the bombardment of ; ' the Taku forts
In China- In the mail* the course of
Rear . Admiral KempfC Appears to' have
been fully -approved byj the authorities
here, but in the. latter'* correspondence
the admiral calls attention to ajl i n j ugtice
•which he feels .has been; done hlm by . tjie
account of the Taku op,e ratlon g contaln l
ed In the President's Message to Con
gress following the (phlna campaign
Secretary Moody withholds some of the
correspondence for the Reason, It is said
that Its publication >o^id not be in - the
Dublic interest ;¦•».) ¦
The President informed Admiral Kempff
tliat the civilized world; had rendered
judgment on his action | n d had decided
that he was right.
PRESIDENT MEETS KEMPFF.
Praises the Admiral for Not Joining
in Bombardment.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— Rear Admiral
Kempff was presented to the President
to-day by Representative Bartholdt. The
President took occasion to pral3e thie ad
miral for his action in refusing tq'join in
the bombardment of^the Taku/forts soon
after the legation relief expedition ar
rived in Chinese waters. . /
"We have not seen the end of our
troubles in China," said a high official to
day. " "No one can foretell what will hap
pen and nothing will surprise those who
are familiar with the march of recent
events in the Orient."
Special Commissioner Rockhill, repre
senting the United States, took the ground
when the indemnity was being discussed
originally that 450,000,000 taels was" exces
sive ' and probably beyond the ability of
China to pay. The addition of $70,000,000
to this and the effort of Chinese officials
to wring money from the people have un
doubtedly added to the national unrest.
EXCESSIVE INDEMNITY.
It is known that the people of China
are already groaning beneath the taxa
tion which many will probably be unable
to pay. The depreciation in the price of
silver and the insistence of the European
powers that China meet her obligations
in gold will cause an Increase of the in
demnity to be paid by China of nearly
570,000,000. (
Whether these uprisings are really be
ing encouraged by the 'French occupants
of Tonkin and the Germans In Shantung
in order to give an excuse for foreign
intervention in the affairs of China or
whether they have their inception in the
great rational feeling of unrest which
flamed so fiercely two years ago the offi
cials here do not pretend to say. They
would not be surprised to see these
troubles grow until they again become the
subject of international consultations.
OFFICIALS CANNOT SAY.
It Is recalled that the Boxer uprising
which occurred In 1900, resulting In the
Imprisonment of the foreign legations, be
gan with rumors which .-no ' one under
stood, similar to those which are now
coming from China. Even Minister Con
ger did not understand them and the full
significance did not dawn until the storm
broUe." . \ . .. , .
TJie, news from '.Cgnsr!! -McWade^ was to
the effect * that MaVsharSu had captured
Kweichoo and Kwangnan. the prefecture
on the Yunnan frontier; and that the
rebels had fled to the hills northwest of
Nannlng. Mail advices' indlcatea' Boxer
Insurrection In Southwest Chill, where
fifty Chinese officials engaged In collect-
Ing taxes were killed and French, Belgian
and- native missionaries were put to the
sword. There was also a movement In
the provinces of Honan and Shantung,
which claims to have for its objective
Peking. It is significant that these
troubles are within the French and Ger
man spheres of influence.
SAME VAGUE RUMORS.
News of new Boxer uprisings which has
been brought by steamer to Victoria since
the 1st of June, followed by the cable
report which came from Robert M. Mc-
Wade, United States Consul at Canton,
yesterday, announcing that there had been
fighting between rebels and Chinese troops
along the Tonkin frontier, have tended to
Increase the feeling of dissatisfaction with
the situation on the part of American of
ficials.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 5.— Officials
who have had occasion to familiarize
themselves with the Chinese situation
make no f concealment of their apprehen
sion regarding the significance of recent
events in the Celestial Empire. They go
so far as to say that Indications are that
the civilized world has not had Its Ia3t
trouble with China, and it Is evident that
American diplomats fear that events are
hurrying toward a situation which may
become as serious as that which set the
world aflame in 1900.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Civilized World May
Be Compelled
to Act.
News Indicates the
Rapid Spread of
Revolt
of 1900.
Danger of Repetition
of the Events
BOXERS
BEGOME
ACTIVE
REBELLING AGAINST PA YMENT 0F INDEMNITY, THE CHINESE
AGAIN CAUSE DIPLOMATS TO FEAR ANTI-FOREIGN UPRISING
The San Francisco Call.Cars Are Attacked and Policemen
Are Compelled to Freely Use
Their Clubs.
PBOVrDENCB CAB STBIKE
LEADS TO SMALL RIOTS
Soon after the agreement, which is a
compromise, was ratified by the men a
report coming from some untraceable
source spread that the packers had deter
mined to take back only teamsters who
had not been actively concerned In the
strike. That the companies would exer
cise a choice in taking their former
teamsters back seemed not to have oc
curred to the men before, and on investi
gation it was found that several workmen
employed in the yards had recently been
discharged. These men declare that they
have been singled out because they were
strong union men and strike sympathiz
ers. This is denied by the packers, but
the statements of the discharged men are
being carefully investigated.'
The men who have been discharged are
members of the Stock Yards Employes'
Union. Their organization, which was
formed less than three weeks ago, and al
ready has a membership of over 700 was
affiliated with the butchers' union Mich
ael Donnelly, president of the North
American Meat Cutters' Union, has been
asked to adjust the trouble. Late to
night a conference between Donnelly and
A. W. Leonard, superintendent of the
Union Stock Yards Transit Company
was arranged. Leonard will be asked to
reinstate the men who have been dis
charged and unless he consents to do so
it is said that the 5000 butchers employed
ir. the different packing plants will be
called out on strike.
4. Any teamster receiving more than the
scale of wages stated shall , not Buffer a re
duction of wages after this agreement goes into
effect.
Instead of another day of rioting and
broken heads there was peace and laugh
ter as the two sides to the controversy
good naturedly discussed the ending of
the trouble. When the members of the
conference separated this morning the
strike was virtually at an end, but the
agreement of the committeemen had to be
ratified by the packers and teamsters.
Thi3 caused some further delay and it was
not until this evening that all arrange
ments had been completed for the strik
ers to return to work to-morrow. Mean
while the only teams called for were to
deliver meat urgently needed. The others
were told to make the remainder of tho
day a holiday and to report for duty to
morrow.
The^ terms of agreement are as follows:
1. That there shall be no discrimination
against union teamsters.
2. The scale of wages for teamsters shall
be fair.
3. No teamsters ehall be compelled to work
on Labor day.
CHICAGO, June 5.— Quiet reigned to-day
in the turbulent Stock Yards district as
a result of the teamsters' strike, but the
happiness of the men was marred some
what by a report that the packers will re
fuse to employ leaders among the striking
teamsters. The report caused much un
easiness among the men.. The teamsters
are to return to work to-morrow morning.
A few were driving teams to-day but the
majority we're told to report to-morrow.
Butchers in Packing Plants
Now Threaten to Go
Out on Strike.
Teamsters Are Preparing
to Return to Work
This Morning.
CHICAGO ENJOYS
A DAY OF PEACE
to-day. Crowds of men blocked tha
streets and hooted and jeered at the of-^
fleers and passengers ' of cars, hurllns
missiles through windows, cutting trolley
ropes and defacing the inner fittings of
cars. The officers freely used their clubs
in half a dozen individual riots, mounted
men charged tlje crowds and twenty-five
arrests were mA.de.
The initial cause of the disturbance waa
the parade of about 300 striking con
ductors and motormen. The line of march
led up the main thoroughfare, where a
crowd soon gathered. Motormen and con
ductors on the cars which followed were
hissed and jeered at until a blockade gava
opportunity for a demonstration.
There was instant response. The trolley
was pulled off, missiles filled the air and
for half an hour thousands shouted them
selves hoarse. The police were unable to
gain the mastery until a number of ar
rests were made, which started the crowd
in another direction. Similar outbreaks
followed and they grew so serious that all
the available police in the city were called
into the business section. Towards mid
night the excitement ceased and the
crowds, 'dispersed, the absence of cars
eliminating the chief cause of irritation.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— Truman O.
Palmer of Chicago was a witness to-day
before the Senate Committee on Cuban
Relations. For the past four years
Palmer has been engaged in the promo
tion of beet sugar Interests. He gave a
list of seventeen American corporations
which, he said, have 688,777 acres In sugar
producing lands in Cuba, with an annual
capacity of 255,425 tons. Of these seven
teen companies ten have on file war
claims against the Government of thd
United States aggregating J9.665.974. The)
largest of these claims, for $4,177,698, Jwas
filed by the Constancio Sugar Company,
with an estate of 57,000 acres and an an
nal capacity of 21,000 tons. Palmer said ha
had secured the facts upon which this,
statement is based from the official rec
ords of the Spanish Claims Commission
and from statements made by witnesses
before the Senate Committee and tha
House Committee on Ways and means.
The witness said that an effort on hl3
part to place the bonds of a beet sugar
company had failed last December be
cause of the agitation to secure a reduc
tion of the duty on Cuban sugar and that
he later had sold his interest in this com
pany and since then had been devoting his
attention to the question of the proposed
tariff reduction.
Palmer also presented a list of estates
owned by individuals who are citizens of
the United States and who reside in tha
United States, but most of whom ara
either of Cuban or American birth. Thl3
list included "forty-one estates of 366.88S
acres, with an average sugar production
of 294,495 tons. Of these forty-one estate*
thirty-five filed war claims against tho
Government of the United States aggre
gating 113,646.544.
Palmer deduced from tho flgnrea given
in this connection that only 30 per cent of
the product was supplied by tho farmers
who do not own their own factories.
When Senator Platt asked what had In
duced witness to manifest so great an ln-<
terest in the legislation proposed he re*
plied:
"Because that I believe If this tariff re
duction legislation falls I shall have na
difficulty in securing the means of build
ing at least one beet sugar factory m
year."
Seventeen American Corpora
tions Own Half Million
Acres of Land.
Tells Senate Committee
of Sugar Conditions
in Cuba.
PALMER GIVES
SOME FIGURES
WASHINGTON*, June 5.— The President to
day nominated John F. Jewell/of Illinois to
be Consul at Martinique, West Indies.
BERLIN, June 5.— The Shah of Persia,
who is now here, has bestowed upon Em
peror William a decoration of the highest
Persian order. The insignia presented to
the Emoeror is set with diamonds which
are valued at 22,003 marks.
Shah Decorates Emperor.
*', lien Mrs. -irtrlrifje was rearraigned,
.agistrate . Fo°:W.ai<3 that so far as he
could pt'C th^jtijiuy evidence produced
prejudicial to tH* dit aidant was the find
ing of the saOtiy pin (in her room. She
Interrupted to '-Y t-hat it had been found
on tho steamp^ deqk near the common
¦It-inking fountain-and. that she did not
l;iiOH- to whom;it -belonged.'
MopistrrJe P$ r>l said he could not hold
tlie defendant an The evidence given, and
discharged her. Prfe left the court room
paying she wou'd rind her counsel imme
diately aafl brigs' suit against .Kersgood.
Bock Ifilattd Buys Two Roads
System
CHI'V.GO, Jujic 5.—T vo new roads were
added to th? R<iek Island system to-day.
One is the Burl'.ngton, Cedar-Rapids and
1> orth^rn, wKJcq JS VM the Rock Island a
direct outlet to St. Paul and Minneapolis,
and the otlusr ,is the Rock Island end
Pe.ria, which Iihs bften operated by the
'Rock Island Company ifor-a number of
years. The Bui'lingroii. Cedar Rapids and
Northern has'bein imrtrr Rock Island con
trol for BQtftt t:'n:e and it had been un
dtrstoor] thai \;]Un:ite!y it would be made
a part of the Hit-k Island system. Hence
forth Jt will fcp': known as the Cedar
Riplds division tl( the Rock Island system.
KSW YC)n;c. j^neS.—Ei.-.O.^ Mills, "who is
ill ft hla l;O7;ir !k' this city, was reported to
da> io be raucVbetter, j.
In the Jefferson Market court, Kersgood
produced a worn, brass safety pin, but
which he said he used to pin his money to
Ins pocket. This pin, he said, he found
in Mrs. Hartridge's cabin after his money
v;.:- gone.
M i \ Hartridge said'she had other pins
slmi ¦ .\ to the one produced by Kersgood.
Tun '"trunks, two handbags, a bundle of
steam; r wraps and a nailea-up box were
searches. Mrs. Hartridge objected to the
publ'f *p ¦ >sure of her private property.
:¦¦ *&\ i ,he would bring an action
¦ : " ' ;rsgoc>4 for false arrest, also for
r f #TJ<i#J i jf,Jh<;>v.jirr? then taken back to the
* ¦• :;i \ ulii. the f. •; Is n sorted to Magistrate
This search of Mrs. Hartridge's bag
gage was ordered by Magistrate Pool at
the request of the Danish Consul to
whom Kersgood made an appeal.
NEW YORK, June 5.— All trunks and
baggage belonging to Mrs. Kathryne
Hartridge, of San Francisco, at the Pana
ma steamship pier, at the foot of West
Twenty-seventh street, were examined to
day by Policeman Jackson in the presence
of . Danish Consul Leerbeck and Otto
Kersgood, the man who caused Mrs.Hart
ridge's arrest pn a charge of stealing $270
from him. Not a cent of money was
found.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— A bill designed
to give American-built ships on the Pa
cific the. transport of Government sup
plies to the Philippines when the trans
port service is not adequate was re
ported favorably trom the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs to-day. It is a
substitute for a bill introduce-! by Repre
sentative Jones of Washington and gives
authority for the acceptance of bids by
American-built ships at a rate not ex
ceeding 10 per cent shove th« bid, of the
foreign-built ships.
In making the roport Stevens of Min
nesota stated t\.n the bulk of the trans
portation to the Philippines when the Gov
ernment has shipped h: private vessels
has been in. foreign-built ships, the
amount .paid in 1S»O1 to foreign-built ships,
being $3,520,000, and to Amorican-buUt
ships $1,003,000.
The reports say there seems to be an
abundance of American tonnago to insure
competition and to develop dlre>. : com
munication with our possessions. Secre
tary Root gave his hearty approval to the
measure.
ROME, June 5.— Signor Riva, a profes
sor in the University of Rome, and Count
Cino Prinett. a cousin of the Italian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, were killed
in a landslide while ascending Mont
Grigna. near Lake Lecco, Switzerland
yesterday.
Killei ta a Landslide.
No Evidence Produced
to Show That She
Robbed Kersgood.
Government to G*ve
| Them Preference in l
I Philippine Service.
LONDON, June 5.— It was announced
to-day that Whltelaw Reid, special en
voy of the United States to the corona
tion of King Edward, will have the hon
orary degree of doctor of laws conferred
upon him by Cambridge University at
the same time, that this degree is given
to Professor H. W. Parker, professor of
music at Yale University.
Honorary Degrees for Americans.
COURT RELEASES
MRS. HARTRIDGE
one of the down town rotisserles and af
ter the menu had been disposed of there
were responses to toasts by Past Grand
Chief Companion Miss Alice ' Ticouiet,
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Worms,
Supreme Sub-chief Companion Mrs. Liz
zie Atwood, Grand Secretary Miss Bre
mer and all the new grand officers. The
new grand chief companion was presented
by Bay City Circle and by Excelsior Cir
cle with beautiful floral offerings.
NEW GRAND CHIEF COMPAN
ION OF THE FOREST OF
AMERICA.
Employes of the Stockton Company
Have Little Difficulty in Secur
ing Increase.
STOCKTON, June 5.— Ex-Governor Budd
came here this morning to talk to the
employes of the street railroad company,
who have been restless of late because
they wanted higher pay and did not know
who owned the road. Budd recently sold
four-fifths of the stock ! of the company
owning the road to H. E. Huntington and
for the present is representing that gen
tleman in the management of the road
He told the men to-day that Huntington
is in New York on Important business and
nothing will' be done in the way of im
provements until he returns trom the
East, but Budd announced that the re
quest of the men for an increase in pay
would be granted at once. He therefore
ordered that their pay be increased from
18 cents to 20 cents per hour, making the
regular pay for ten hours work 32.
The day men accepted the offer, but
some of the nisrht men wanted more,
though they agreed to be content until
the road has been placed on a better foot
ing. Huntington will build several ex
tensions and will ultimately run the road
to Lodi, fourteen miles, and possibly to
Sacramento, a distance of forty miles.
STREET EAILWAY MEN
OBTAIN HIGHEB WAGES
AMERICAN BUILT
SHIPS FAVORED
The matter ¦ of creating a funeral fund
was referred to a special committee, com
posed of Companions Cordy, Beversen,
Harrington, Steinweg . and Wolf, to se
cure facts and figures relative to the mat
ter.-
The per capita tax was fixed at 85 cents.
Companions Kohn, Atwood and Brady
were appointed to prepare a design for
a suitable badge to be presented to past
grand chief companions.
The greater portion of the afternoon
was taken up in the election of officers
for the current year. The following
named were elected: >
Mrs. Helena Worms, grand chief; Mrs. L. H.
Krlmmlnger, grand sub chief; Miss Agnes D.
Bremer. grand financial secretary; Mrs. Mary
Connell, grand recording secretary; Mrs. R.
Kemp Van Ee, grand treasurer; Mat Brady,
grand marshal; John J. Cordy, grand super
visor of laws; Mrs. M. A. Olsen, right guide;
Mrs. S. E. Ellis, left guide; Mrs. D. O'Cal
laghan, inside sentinel; Mrs. C. S. Collins, out
side sentinel; Mary Thoman, Augusta Rogge
and Sarah Beversen, grand trustees.
The file was then cleared, the officers
were installed and the grand body ad
journed to meet in this city next year.
In the evening there was a banquet in
The majority of the recommendations
of the grand chief companion, Miss
Ticoulet, were adopted.
The report of the executive council was
also adopted and the acts of that body
during the last year indorsed.
The salary of the grand financial secre
tary was increased $25.
AT the session of the grand circle
of the Companions of the- Forest
of America yesterday the reporr
of the committee on honored dead
was presented and adopted by a
rising vote.
Rock Island '. Route Excursions
Leave San FrancUeo every Wednesday . and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday.' via Southern Pacific and
Rc:k - Island Hallways, for Omaha, Kansas
City, Chicago and all points East. . EOT. further
Information address Clinton Jones, General
Agent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market st. •
Colonel Crowder adds to his report the
statement that the port of New Orleans
was extensively used in 1896-97 to supply
the Spanish army,. then engaged in pros
ecuting hostilities in Cuba. "
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The President
to-day sent to the House the report of
Colonel Crowder, who made the investi
gation of the charges of Governor Heard
of Louisiana that . the neutrality laws
were being violated at Chalmette, La
in commenting on Crowder's report,
Secretary Hay cites numerous authori
ties, including Presidents Pierce and
Grant, to show . that Great Britain .has
not violated neutrality laws in shipping
mules from the United States to South
Africa. : ~. ; ".
NO VIOLATION FOUND.
TACOMA, June 5.— At the session of the
grand commandery, Knights Templar, to
day, Frank P. Weymouth of Spokans was
elected grand commander.
forces in South Africa was carried unan
imously.
Knight Templar Receives Honor.
Earl Spencer, the Liberal leader in the
House of Lords, added his tribute to the
British forces in South Africa, and Lord
Salisbury's motion' for a vote of thanks
to the officers and men of the imperial
The Premier also said he thought the
House had never before thanked nor had
such good cause to thank the colonial
troops for their assistance. Not long ago
many people in Europe thought that the
time of the downfall of the British em
pire had arrived. But the colonial troops
came brilliantly to Great Britain's as
sistance, and the more Great Britain's
difficulties increased the more colonial
loyalty had manifested itself in aiding
the empire to defy the hostility and bit
terness of all its opponents. Great Brit
ain had the assistance of a force which,
a few years ago, was not dreamed of
and that was the subject of exultation In
England. It was shown . that when the
country was denuded of troops her naval
supremacy was sufficient to protect her
and Great Britain was never safer than
during the period of war. V- '--; ;
The Prince of Wales and many peer
esses were present in the House of
Lords when Lord Salisbury moved a vote
of thanks to the officers and men of the
imperial forces in South Africa. Th^mo
ticn specially mentioned the colonial Pre
miers, and paid a tribute to the splendid
qualities of the troops, who, he said,
contended under no ordinary difficulties
against an enemy which had accumulat
ed vast stores of munitions of war and
who had the advantage of fighting in a
peculiar country with which they were
thoroughly familiar.
THANKS OF THE LORDS.
Balfour's motion, which included an
expression of condolence with the be
reaved, was adopted by 382 to 22 votes.
Balfour was then allowed to proceed.
He said there was no exact parallel for
the motion. Never before had Great Brit
ain sent so vast an army beyond the seas
never before had she fought such a grea*
campaign without allies and she never
had been so aided by her volunteers and
colonial troops, whose valor and human
ity he praised.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman sec
onded the motion.
When Balfour rose to move a vote of
thanks to the officers and men of the
army of South Africa the uproar was re
newed by the Irish-Nationalists, as a pro
test against the treatment of Redmond.
The speaker of the House of Commons,
William Court Gully, thereupon appeared
and asked thejn to desist, in the interest
of freedom of debate, to which John Red
mond retorted that it was exactly in the
interest of such freedom that the Irish
Nationalists protested.
"You allow the women and children of
soldiers to starve in order to honor the
favorites of your corrupt society."
This statement was greeted with shouts
of "sit down," "name him," and "divide,"
while the Irish members jeeringly advised
the Ministerialists to call in the police.
Amid the din Redmond was heard to
say that the House was disgracing itself
in complimenting the commander of the
British forces in South Africa, while al
lowing the men who had fought there to
drift into the workhouse, and that the
House was making itself ridiculous in
the eyes of the world by a motion pre
tending to celebrate some great feat of
arms. After a quarter of an hour spent
by Redmond in endeavoring to get a
hearing, the closure was moved and
adopted, and the grant to Lord Kitchen
er was carried by 380 to 44 votes. The
minority consisted of the Irish National
ists and two or three Radicals.
During his speech Redmond indulged
in much violence of language and had to
be refreshed by a drink brought in by a
friend. He said, that as an additional rea
son why he objected to the vote was be
cause Lord Kitchener had violated the
tomb of the Mahdi at Khartoum, and he
asserted that Lord Kitchener and Lord
Roberts, during the South African war,
had been guilty of more disgraceful con
duct than any of the other generals.
Then, turning to the ministerial
benches, Redmond shouted:
ALSO "SCORES ROBERTS.
The chairman replied to Redmond's ap
peal for a fair hearing, that it was im
possible to control the House, to which
his speech appeared distasteful.
Redmond said he desired to repeat that
Lord Kitchener was responsible for thje
death of 15,000 children and that he hatd
warred on women and children. That was
his absolute conviction and he refused to
withdraw the words. The country was
living in an atmosphere of hypocrisy.
When a man spoke the truth he was
gagged.
Redmond's remarks were almost un
hearable, owing to the uproar caused by
the cheers of the Irish Nationalists and
the protests of the members of other par
ties.
William Redmond, Irish Nationalist, J
caused a scene of great disorder by re
marking that Lord Kitchener would go
down to history as a general who had
"made war on women and children." This
remark called for loud cries of "with
draw" and appeals to the chairman to i
call Redmond to order. The chairman :
said the expression used was not disor
derly, but a majority of the House re- i
fused to listen any further to Redmond '
and interrupted him with all kinds of
shouts.
LEADS OPPOSITION. j
John Dillon, Irish Nationalist, led the op- ¦
position in behalf of the Nationalists. •
JJillon said he and his friends absolutely
objected to the vote because they were ;
opposed to the policy of the war in South i
Alrica and the conduct of the campaign,
which involved wholesale devastation ot
the country, the burning of farms and
sacrifice of life. . j
Henry Labouchere, Advanced Liberal, ;
also opposed the vote. :
'J.he .Liberal leader, Sir Henry Campbell
liiinnerman, wno seconded tne motion,
paid a warm tribute to l»rd .Kitchener as
u soldier and statesman.
Balfour, in supporting the motion, re
ferred to Lord Kitchener's rapid promo
tion. He said it had been given to few
public servants to compass so much worK
ior their country in" so snort a time as
Lord .Kitchener, wno was commanaer in
chief in boutn Africa ana was commander
in chief designate of India. Kucnener,
he saiu, Iounu me army in rioutn Airica
In a state, oi disorganization consequent
on the ui-success mat auenaea me rsrit
isn army at me eariy stage of tne cam
paign, anu ne executed las auty with aa
iunaine eneisy ana stau. isut it was not
unui l^oru ivuueruj leit tnat uie claims ui
.miu iviiciiener io me giutuuae oi his
<juUiiir>iiien reached tnen present mugai
luue. A-.oiu ivitcaener naa to meet witn
unique uimcuiiies. ±ie nad erected no
itv»er than *aw miles of OiocKhouses, and
in me conduct or me campaign iiau tne
lerme minu of nis resources, boundless
courage, energy and resolution, and to
these qualities Great Britain owes the
termination or the war. Jj'ew Engnsn gen
erals naa contendea witn greater uiiii
cuities and lew nad emergeu trom tnem
in a more triumpnant and orniiant way.
Baiicur conciuued witn lormauy moving
the vote ot £ou,uih/.
LONDON, June 5.— In accordance with
King Edward's message to the House of
Commons yesterday, the Government
leader, A. J. Balfour, in the House this
afternoon asked for a vote of £50,000 to
lA)rd Kitchener. As a' remarkable coin
cidence, Parliament, June 5, three years
ago, voted its thanks and £30,000 to the
tame general for his services- in Egypt.
HAZELTON, Pa.; June .5.— About 100
Slavonian immigrants fresh from Europe
were brought to-night in a special car at
tached to a Lehigh Valley train. They
were sent to the A. S. Van Winkle colliery
at Coleran, where, it Is said, they will
Jie put to work to-morrow. This is the
first importation of foreigners to the an
thracite coal regions to fill the places of
strikers. The officials of the Van Winkle
office will neither confirm nor deny that
the new arrivals were to be employed by
their company. ¦ ;
SCRANTON, Pa., June 5.— The first ser
ious outbreak . of disorder in connection
with the miners' strike in the Lackawan
na region occurred ; to-night at Forest
City. David Owens, a pump runner at
the Clifford Colliery of the Hillside Com
pany, was attacked by a mob of 300 strik
ers while on.his way to work and beaten
into insensibility. He was revived and his
wounds dressed and then taken to his
home. His 'injuries, while severe, are not
serious.-. • •;¦•.- - ... ..: . • . .,)•;..¦
The mine superintendents had nothing
to. add to the day's budget of news. All
of them said they were getting along
fairly well. .They continue to have trouble
in operating their pumps, however, and
in some mines the water . is creeping up
slowly,- notwithstanding the strenuous ef
forts of the men on hand to keep it down.
This is caused mostly by a lack of firemen
to keep enough steam and also to the fact
that, some of the men have to fill dual
i positions. The superintendent of one com
; pany said to-day that he. had received a
number of applications from engineers in
cities % cutside the coal regions for posi
• tions. ¦ r : j ¦ . . *
MINES SLOWLY FLOODING
The action of the New York Board of
Trade in requesting President Roosevelt
to take up the- matter of settling the
strike aroused considerable interest.
President Mitchell had nothing to say
when he was asked for an expression of
opinion on the new move.: He said he
knew : nothing about it except what he
had read in the newspapers. Mitchell
kept close to his office all day. He spent
the time in conferring with committeemen
from various parts of the coal flleds and
did an unusual amount of telephoning.
He said there -was nothing new in regard
to a settlement of the strike and ex
pressed himself, as satisfied with the pro
gress of the miners' campaign. -
Most of the companies exhuasted their
force of company employes and are now
using non-union men more freely. It was
their policy not to enlist the service of
non-union men more than was absolutely
necessary. Non-union men from the
larger cities are still coming in, most of
them being brought here under cover of
darkness. * They are sent to the collieries
during the night, because the officials do
not care to run the risk of having the col
lieries- attacked. During the day and a
part of the night the strikers are con
stantly on the watch and in a few min
utes can call out the entire population of
a mining village if necessary.
The work of the miners' pickets and the
stoning by boys and young men is having
its effect. Each- day a number of men
leave their homes for the mines, fearing
they may not again get' home' alive. It
was said at the strike headquarters that
330 additional men had joined the ranks
of the strikers to-day. The operators are
still able to fill the places of those that
desert or are forced to quit.
NON-UNION MEN COMING IN.
W1LKESBARRE, . Pa., June 5.— This
was an uneventful day in the anthra
cite coal miners' strike and probably the
quietest since the engineers, firemen a"nd
pumpmen were called out last Monday.
There were the usual scrimmages in sev
eral parts of the Wyoming Valley, in
which workmen who refused to desert the
companies generally got the worst of it.
No one, so far as known, was seriously
injured.
The interstate commerce act of June 1,
1888, empowered the President to appoint
a commission to investigate the contro
versies between the railroads and other
common carriers and their employes. It
was under this act that President Cleve
land took action in regard to the Pullman
car strike. . ¦ *
Section 12 'Of the mediation and arbitra
tion act of 189& however, repealed this :
section of the interstate commerce law, j
which created boards of arbitration for
the settling of controversies between in
terstate carriers and their employes.
COMMISSIONERS IN DOUBT.
The act of 1898 conferred these power3
to a certain degree on 'the chairman of ;
the Interstate Commerce* Commision, so
that whenever, in his opinion, public in
terests demand, he can authorize a com
mission to use its efforts for the purpose
of arbitration and conciliation in the mat
ter of prolonged, disputes between rail
roads and their employes.
Under the law President Roosevelt does
i not feel that he has any power to ap
point a commission to investigate the
strike, as suggested by the resolutions of
the New York board. Inquiry to-day of
members of the Interstate Commerce
Commission developed a doubt in their
minds as to whether they were empower
ed to go into the matter of the coal
strike in its present stage of develop
ment.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 5.— New York' 3
Board of Trade and Transportation based
its resolutions asking Presiden| Roose
velt to take a hand in arbitrating the coal
strike on a law that does not exist. This
action has disturbed the President and
has held out false hopes to the strikers,
as news now comes from the disturbed
district that the miners are now looking:
to President Roosevelt to settle the dif
ficulty. The President has no power to
appoint a commission of arbitration and
he can only go to the extent of calling
the. situation to the attention of the In
terstate Commerce Commission in an in
formal manner. Official criticism in
Washington is that the board's resolu
tions were based on an entire misconcep
tion of the executive powers in the mat
ter.
William Redmond Declares, Amid
Great Excitement, That General
Made War on Women and
Children.
But Few Disturbances Are Reported
From Coal Field3 and Both Sides
Express Confidence • of Ulti
mate Victory.
Law Cited by the New York
Trade Board Is r Not Now
in Existence.
Irish Nationalists Put Forth
Decidedly Sensational
Opposition.
VNhoever is responsible for the swin
dle, said Crawford to-night, "evidently
knows the details of the Crawford fam
jly, but the fundamental facts regarding
t.ie swindle show that it is based on a
fraud pure and simple. There can be no
connection between our family and thp
parties to the swindle. In the first pla'ie
we never had a Robert in our family.
Robert is not a family name. The dis
patches say that the uncle who died was
named Robert and that there were four
nephews, of whom a Robert was -lead
The statements are entirely wrong.
There were only three brothers of us and
two of us have never been abroad."
CINCINNATI, June 5.— The Enquirer
says the Humbert-Crawford sensation of
Paris probably had its start at Covington,
Ky., and that French detectives are now
here working under instructions from
Paris and also under telegraphic advice
from Washington, through Eugene Poicey,
the French Consul at Cincinnati. It is
asserted that M. Katin, who taught French
at Covingtun years ago and afterward re
turned to Paris, has advised the French
Government all about the Crawfords,
whom he formerly knew while living in
Covington. Frank Devenek, an artist in
Cincinnati, who resides in Covington and
knew the Crawfords, has gone to Paris to
assist in the investigation that has been
started by M. Katin, who is now in the
employ of the French Government.
Four Crawford brothers lived in Coving
ton until the early eighties, when they
left there and two of them went to Paris.
The French Government had information
that they may have been the men named
in the golden-sealed and impressive-look
ing document exhibited by the Humberts
to the great financiers. The Crawford
brothers were John, Henry, Matthew and
Robert. John died years ago leaving
three brothers. Henry went to Kansas
City in l&SS and was City Clerk there.
Matthew and Robert went abroad and are
supposed to have lived in Paris. Every
circumstance indicates tnat they are the
men whom the Humberts named as the
nephews who were contesting the Craw
lord will and who were preventing the
Humberts from coming into possession of
the "great estates." The Crawfords were
considered a wealthy family in Covington
and it was understood that they had a
rich uncle. The story as related by the
Humberts to the bankers is practically
the same story of the important events in
the lives of the Covington Crawfords.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 5—Accord
ing to Henry Crawford of this city, one
f>t the brothers connected with the big
Humbert-Crawford sensation in Paris
the swindle wherein several million dol
lars were secured from Paris bankers on
the strength of a supposed twenty million
oollar estate left by R. H. Crawford, the
wnole story was founded on a fraud He
s-ays there never was an R. H. Craw-ford
:n me family; no member of the family
ever died possessed of a twenty million
collar estate, and there never was any
contest of any estate in the Crawford
lamily. Henry Crawford is an ex-City
Auditor of this city and has been for
years prominent in local politics. He has
lived here since 1SSS. His brother Mat
thew Crawford of Louisville, was for
merly a resident of this city, where he
was president of the Aetna National
Bank.
PARIS, June 5.— Louis d'Arignac, a
brother of Mme. Humbert, who. is con
cerned in the famous fraud and Humbert-
Crawford lawsuit, has been arrested at
Tunis. He had been managing the Hum
bert property near Zaghwan, Tunis..
It Is Now Thought the Fraud
Was Carefully Planned
in Kentucky.
Not Vested With Au
thority to Name Strike
Arbitrators.
» » —
House of Commons Votes
Him "Fifty Thousand
Pounds.
Brother of Mme. Hum
bert Taken Into Cus
tody at Tunis.
KITCHENER
IS HONORED
AND SCORED
ROOSEVELT
POWERLESS
TO APPOINT
POLICE PROBING
PARIS SWINDLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
Proposition for General Funeral Fund Referred to
Special Committee— Per Capita Tax Fixed.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
ELECT OFFICERS FOR TERM
PROVIDENCE, R. I., June 5.— The
street railroad strike took a violent form
2
DOAN'S KID1TEY, PILLS.
la Often Made by the Wisest of San
FrancUeo People.
It's a fatal mistake to neglect back-
ache. :¦¦'•¦-'
Backache is the first symptom of kid-
ney llis.
Serious complications follow. '
Doan's Kidney Pills . cure them
promptly.
Don't delay until too late.
Until it becomes diabetes— Bright'*
disease. . ¦ : ' - — _
Read what a San Francisco citizen
says: . " .»
Mrs Jennie Huntington of 146 Eleventh
6t« eays: "Kidney complaint and rheu-
matism have clung to me for years. Dur-
ing the attacks I can only describe my
Buffering as excruciating. For three
weeks before my son went to the Owl
Drug Co.. 1128 Market St., for Doan's
Kidney Pills my back ached so that I
could scarcely stand it; in fact, it was
sore to the touch. To straiten was im-
possible and to stoop was just as bad. I
knew from the " excessive action of the
kldnev secretions both night and day
that iny kidneys were at fault, but what
to do to check the trouble was a mys-
tery- 1' every one in San Francisco re-
ceives as undoubted benefit from the use
of Doan's Kidney Pills as I backache and
kidney complaint will cease."
Sold for 50 cents per box by all dealers.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., solo
agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
Be other.
Out-of-town orders filled — tHHi
1 It? i'lcll nvl Oil Cvli yjjttSaja fj
It S FUN TO RIDE ON THE
Rickly fmisKed arid electric lighted ,;
coatcKes ; s\iperb service 2l!ycI -<r >*f
cviisirve; baLtK.b^i^bet*, b\iFFet\
Indies* dr-awiivj room coa.cK- -^ -*
allconver\iei\ce,sf— - ma^ke tr^veiiri*?*
on the California Limited delightful.
Chicago ii\ three days
City Ticket Of fice 641 Market St
------ __ • ~ -r — r
1 A Cooling |
8 ftorsford's Acid Phosphate B
B quenches abnormal thirst, re- B
B pairs weak .nerves, improves H
H appetite, promotes digestion, H
B clears : the train, overcomes E
B exhaustion, and increases the R
| capacity for hard mental &ad 0
H physical labor. Insist on H
H having • h
I Mdr^ford 9^ I
1 Acid 1
I Phosphate I
B . Eon ford'i &*ma en mry OEMTCTB ptekt(i '. HENSIGN REY'S FRIENDS SEEK TO PROVE THAT DE ST. BRISSON ERRED WHEN HE LIKENED THE GAL
LANT OFFICER OF THE FRENCH NAVY TO A PORKER, BUT IT SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE TO REACH A BLOOD
LESS SETTLEMENT OF THE AFFAIR.
Joe Gans, the champion lightweight
boxer of the world, has been matched to
fight George McFadden in this city. The
rout will take place about the 27th lnst.
McFadden is due here torday. Gans wfJl
start West on Saturday.
Gans and McFadden Matched.
William Wolff vs. E. Knoch, 130 pounds; i
Lew Powell vs. Joe Reilly, 115 pounds; Kid
Parker vs. Bob Thompson, 118- pounds; Mike
Maher vs. Frank O'Brien, 120 pounds; Otto
Knoch vs. Billy McDonald. 135 pounds; Jimmy \
Little vb. Dave Byrnes, 125 pounds. i
.The regular boxing entertainment of
Ariel Rowing Club will be held to-night
In Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. The prin
cipal bout will be between Henry W.
Fincke and Al Young, clever welter
weights. In addition there will be six
other contests . between the following
boxers:
Ariel Club Boxing,
rWEHffETH CEKT1IBYC00KBO0KS.
A car-load of Cook Dooki
bnm JtiMt arrlred from Chicago
and they are ready f or distri
bution at the buslneiis office
ut tui» paper. All Call «ub
ecrlbers are entitled to a copy
of ttUu jrcat Coulc Book at
the jireuiium price of fifty
centa.
An additional charge of 20
cent* to par eipremage will
be required from oat of totrn
tabicrlberi ordering- by mall.
Banastar Is Scratched.
NEW YORK, June 5.— Banaster and
Garry Hermann have been scratched
from the Suburban..
Herd Is Golf Chamrrion.
LONDON, June 5.— Alexander Herd won
the golf championship to-day with an ag
gregate of 307 strokes. Harrv Vardon
was second with a totat of 308" strokes
PARIS, June 5.— American Jockeys won
every race at the Bois de Boulogne meet- I
Ing to-day. W. K. Vanderbilt's Bright I
was. not placed In the contest for the
Prix Malleret. i
American Jockeys Win in Paris.
Arguing Anti-Anarchy Sill.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The general
debate on the anti-anarchy bill was ended
in the House to-day, except for two
speeches which will be made to-morrow.
Littleneld of Maine will make the closing
argument in support of the measure. The
debate to-day, like that of yesterday, waa
devoted to legal arguments, the speakers
being Slbley of Pennsylvania, De Armond
of Missouri^ Williams of Mississippi.
Wootten of Texas, McDennott of New
Jersey, Loud of California, Crumpacker
of Indiana, Maddox of Georgia, Ball of
Texas and Clark of Missouri.
Embezzles a Big Sum.
CHICAGO, June 5.— J. M. Casldy, for
merly a real estate dealer of Council
Bluffs, Iowa, was arrested here to-day on
a charge of embezzlement after a
month's search by the police. The sum
embezzled Is said to be $60,000.
it was well off would not have offered
resistance to the gentlemen who. had res
cued it from the hands of a -merciless
executioner.
THE OBSTREPEROUS HOG.
It was a hard task to get that hog into
the waiting express wagon, but when onge
in the vehicle it was speedily taken to a
committee of arbitrators that had been
formed to render a true and unbiased
opinion as to whether the gallant sea
lighter'in any possible way, in look or in
manner, bore a resemblance to the porky,
as alleged by the austere and wounded
Brlrson.
The hog gave the committee much
trouble, for it even declined to be re
moved from the expressman's. charge un
til actual force had been resorted to.
It was then quickly decided that M.
Guy de St. Brisson was not warranted in
making so grave a comparison. • ¦
Brisson was sent for and came in an
swer to the sXimmons.
"Monsieur, you see that animal before
you?" broke in a well known citizen with
the wisdom of King Solomon. "Now,
monsieur, what do you call that animal
before you?" .
"Messieurs, it is incomprehensible that
you ask me. Of course it Is a hog."
"Eh blen! Pray you be careful now in
the answer to the question which I shall
put to you on the instant. . Voila! Is it in
the possibility of .nature that-you-^ee in
any gentleman present a resemblance ti
that which you call 'a hog'?"
It was a moment of anxiety. ¦
A MOMENT OF SUSPENSE.
"Where?"
Monsieur looked around . intently; the
nervous strain was intense; Ensign Rey
pulled' himself up to full length, and sev
eral Consuls present held their laboring
and administrative breaths. The hog
emitted a squeak, but the while all atten
tion was riveted upon the Administrator
cf the Marquesas Islands. His answer
meant so much — even the possibility of
taking up a few hours' time of an over
worked Coroner. . ,
"Messieurs," broke in me outraged gen
tleman. "I see the hog!".
"Messieurs, I • beg you will remember,
as my compatriots, that while I see 'the
hog,' I am at the disadvantage of being
on foreign soil, and, also It would be
against the etiquette of France to say
where. or upon what particular spot I see
'the hog.' " •
As M. Brisson remained obdurate and
as the International point- he had taken
was deemed perfectly legitimate, the
hog was once more placed in the waiting
express wagon and returned to the salu
brious atmosp.here of Butchertown.
The matter of the duel was then freely
discussed. . ¦. .
"On my own^ground, on the soil of La
Belle France, I shall meet my adversary,"
Friends of the naval officer visited
Butchertown yesterday before the yards
were cleared of their porcine wonders and
a live hog of no mean proportions Was
purchased.
It was a stubborn hog, and if it had
only had the sense to have known when
The duel, as has been announced here
tofore, will be reserved for the delight of
Parisians, and will take place somewhere
In the historic grounds of the Bois de
Boulogne, under the shadow of the
Champs Elysees, if it takes place at all.
duelling, and more than one
eminent lawyer was consulted with a view
toward unraveling the difficulty' in which
Guy de St. Brisson and his opponent. En
sign Rey, and the French Consul and the
Turkish Imperial Consul and Captain
Lawless of the steamship Australia seem
to be entangled. „
The casus belli has almost been for
gotten in the serious developments that
have ensued, for the secondary position
that the "hog" played in the initial pro
ceedings has been reversed and now the
"hog" takes precedence ahd is the fat' of
contention around which all argument
centers. »
MANY Frenchmen were engaged
for the greater part of yester
day looking up the international
laws concerning the matter of
LONDON, June 5. — The American
jockeys regained much of their old pres
tige at Epsom to-day. In the presence of
King Edward and a large assemblage,
Danny Maher carried off the great Surrey
Foal stakes on Lord Stanley's Mixed
Powder; won the Royal stakes on Daniel
Cooper's Cossack and captured the Cor
onation cup (a piece of plate valued at
£200 and £1000 in specie) on Lord Wolver
ton's Osboch. in which J. H. Martin on
last year's Derby winner, Volodovsky
carrying the colors of William C. W hit- T
ney, was second and George Edwards'
Santoi was third. Martin also "won the
Horton plate on Mr. Russell's Regalia.
Llpton Will Challenge Again.
LONDON, June 5.— The Exchange Tele
graph Company to-day gave out a yacht
ing announcement, previously made by
the Associated ' Press, which says Sir
Thomas Llpton has decided to challenge
lor the America's cup In 1903 with a yacht
to be built by the Dennys. The -Exchange
Telegraph Company adds the" yacht is
designed by Fife, but, as a matter of
fact, Watson and Fife collaborated in the
dcsltm.
American Jockeys Are Again in
High Favor With Owners and
With the Sporting Public.
DANNY MAHER WINS
THREE BACE3 -AT EPSOM
CHICAGO, June 5. — Harlem results:
First race, five furlongs — Pretorius won. Imp.
Layia second, Memnon third. Time, 1:16 1-5.
Second race, five furlongs — Lampoon won,
Alice Carr second, Grove Queen third. Time,
1:04 3-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Autollght won,
Alard second. Golden Sceptre third. Time,
1:30.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth —
Prince of Africa won, Greyfeld second, Star
Cotton third. Time, 1:51 3-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Goodman won,
Josette second, MIrance third. Time, 1:02 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Llndenella won, 11
lowaho second. Guy H third. Time, 1:44 1-5.
NEW YOP.K. June 5. — Gravesend results:
First race, about six furlongs, selling — Feme
sole won. Golden Cottage second, Clonmell
third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, handicap, one mile and a half —
Monarka won, W'atercure second, Hermoso
third. Time, 2:33 3-5.
Third race, the Clover stakes, for two-year
old fillies, five furlongs — Marte Lewis won,
Mamarl second. Love Note third. Time,
1:00 3-5.
Fourth race, steeplechase, handicap, full
course — Filon d'Or won, Perion 6econd, Adji
daumo third. Time, 4:54.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Astarlta won. Bob
McLean second. Pebble third. Time, 1:01 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Mosketo won. Alack second, Klngralne third.
Time. 1:1S.
- CINCINNATI;' June 5. — Latonia results:
First race, six furlongs — Bob Baker won,
S'.ni W second, Orrie Goan third. Time, l:15y>.
Second race, five furlongs — Eufala won. Spe
cial Tax second, Daisy Hawthorne third. Time.
1 :02.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth — Drum
roond won, Banquo II second, John McGurk
third. Time, 1:48%.
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs — Sevoy
won, Brief second, Jim Clark third. Time,
1:141$. *
Fifth race, five furlongs — Sinner Simon won.
Homily second, Rosance tnird. Time, l:02»4.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Temptress won,
Arachuo second. Miss Wandolhr third. Time,
1:15%.
ST. LOUIS, June 5. — Fair Grounds summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs puree
Cochran won, Fore and Aft second. Au Revolr
third. Time. l:0S}4.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Gallantrie
won, Louis Wagner second, Lillian M third.
Time, 1:15 V4.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell-
Ing — Rollick won. Petit Maitre second, Johnnie
McCarty third. Time, l;50.
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Crimean
won, > Scorpio second, Nickey D third. Time,
1:14^4.
Fifth race, one mile and a half, selling
Zazel won. Salinda second, Delorain third.
Time, 2 ivS^i,
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell-
Ing — Bengal won. Glenwood second Tickful
third. Time. 1 :4(i%.
Eeats Alard and Golden Sceptre at
Harlem — Results at St. Louis,
Latonia and Gravesend.
AUTOLIGHT IS FIRST
IN SEVEN-FTTRLONG RACE
ARRANGES FOR FUNERAL
AND THEN KILLS HIMSELF
Former Prominent Lumber Dealer of
Michigan Dies From the Effects
of Morphine Poisoning.
KANSAS CITY, Mo,. June 5.— John W.
Howry, once a prominent lumber dealer
of East Saginaw, Mich., and who had
Boston connections, died at the hospital
here late this afternoon from the effects
of a dose of morphine taken with sui
cidal intent on Monday night. Howry
was 70 years old. He planned his death
deliberately. He left a note to an under
taker to care for his body, and drew up a
message to be sent to his sons, J. H. and
H. K. Howry, who were associated with
him- in the cattle at Naravisa,
N. Mex. In his note he gave business
losses as the cause of suicide.
"Fight It out in American fashion," ex
claimed a recent arrival from Paris.
"Mon Dieu! I have seen what they call
the American fashion. Oh! It lacks the
polish, the finish, the clean-cut of the
methods of my country. I saw M.
Jimmy Britt and my compatriot, M. Kid
Lavigne — of course, he is French, I tell it
from the name — settle their difference in
the American fashion. There were such
what you call 'soaks' upon the face, that,
alas, I failed after the American fashion
had been demonstrated to recognize my
countryman.
"Pauvre M. Lavigne! My heart ached
for him. He cannot be accustomed to the
American fashion. No, "no, sir. The Ad
ministrator of the Marquesas Islands and
Ensign Rey must listen to no such pro
posals, for they might both finish like
mon ami and good compatriot, M. Kid
Lavigne! No, no, it is impossible! Vive le
sabre! Vive le pistolet! . A-bas the duel
with the mitt!" > . ;
Several present then resented a sugges
tion that had been made that the two
gentlemen fight it out in American fash-
Ion.
PAXJVBE M. LAVIGNE.
LOS ANGELES, June 5.— Six laborers
were seriously injured late to-day in a
head-end collision between two loaded
construction cars of the Los Angeles Rail
way Company at Fourteenth and Ten
nessee streets. Construction gangs have
been at work on the line and the two cars
were running in opposite directions at a
rate of speed said to be In excess of
twelve miles an hour when the cars
crashed into each other near the sharp
curve at that point. The motormen saw
each other too late to avoid the crash.
declared -Brlsson. "If I fall I shall know
that my remains shall rest in the cata
combs of my sires. . I shall, if I am
wounded, live to honor the place where
upon I have fought -to avenge a wrong
that blood can alone wipe out. But, my
friends, I shall not be the one to fall.
Right will ever be favored and the wrong
will, must, should, shall meet its deserts."
Laborers Hurt in a Collision.
J. X. Gillette knew that you were not his
friend. You threw him dovrn though your
proxies were not necessary to defeat him and
nominate Coombs. This was well known to the
friends of Coombs at the time. You were
treacherous to Gillette then, and will be so
Jiow lf you have the chance. You want no on<?
to bo to Congress that you cannot control. You
think this county, politically, belongs to you
ar.d Campbell. You have in Milnes a servile
too!, who while blackmailing corporations and
trying to extort money from every person he
can get his hooks into will not scruple to da
your bidding, no matter what It may b«.
The warring elements declare that this
I? a fi^ht to the finish. Those seeking
nominations, it is said, will not be per
mitted to stand on neutral ground, but
must array themselves with one sjde or
t;:« other. The peacemakers have given
ui> all hopes of a reconciliation.
As soon as Bops Campbell received his com
mission you prepared to do Thompson up You
•went to the city and there tried to force Sena
tor Salvage to write letter? to Senator P.r
kins and Bard, withdrawing his support from
mo and recoaim ending your son. You knew
Selvage was seeking the nomination for Con-
KTpss ejid you threatened him with your op
poFition if he refused. He sa<d to you that h»
could not stultify himself. You said "I'll fight
'jou then and defeat your nomination," but
Srlvape would not *eil his honor tor your sup
port .ind in an interview in S*n Francisco you
eaid that Selvage was a "dead one," becau«s
he would not do your bidding.
Having failed in your effort to persuade or
coerce Selvage to stultify himself you through
your henchman. Sterling A. Campbell turned
your attention to ex-Senator Gillette who
having Etood by Eard in the fight against your
friend. Dan Burns, wan supposed, and correct
ly, to have great influence with that Senator
Senator Gillette fild not like the dose. He was
JEy friejid. I had fought for him two years
ago. had gone to Santa Cruz and worked for
t'.m, when you, sir, and C. S. Milnes were
there with proxies as his professed friends but
resJly favoring his opponent. You connubiated
*-lth Coombs and were really for him an*
Against Gillette in that convention, though you
Cid not need to show your hend as the Burns
push had the convention. Gillette himself told
me on the floor of the convention, when you re
tired with Coombs, that. you were against him.
* TZi.-ery Indication pointed that way and Milnes
•ven reproved Wellock for working and talking
for Gillette.
Thompson, after detailing instances in
•which he cLaims Bull gave him the
"double-cross." continues:
THE POLITICAL INSIDE.
* started in to make an open and honest.
r.gEt for my son- You were fully apprised of
that fact and of what I was lotng. Out of the
ri 1 coiati--j»mniiMMmfn in this county about
t »« iS ™ si fn e< l his application. I felt that
l»^ * th t 2sht and J that you
r.aa held the olfice as lor.g as any sood Demo
crat or Republican should hold It and as long
85 >'<>* wanttd it. You came to me and told
me that you did not want the office that you
w-ould not have applied for it if you had known
.1f. e Waa any opposition and that you were
¦wjlllr^ to set out of the way providing you
could hold the office to July I. 1902.
You wanted to meet somewhere and talk
the matter over, and we did meet in the pres
ence of others. You then stated that you
would b« willing to resign In my son's favor
but as charges had been preferred against you
you would like to be reappointed as a matter
of vindication and you wanted me to assist yoj
In getting reappointed. Mr. Thompson we are
done. xou are not a man of honor; you are
not a man of your word; you will willingly lie
to gain your ends. Xou make trouble wherever
Sou go with your deceit and avarice I do
rot care for the office, but I do care to have
a man In whom I have placed faith He to me
£!= you have done and then to cover up your
rhame and deceit rush into the Superior Court
' ar.d try to cover it all up by casting odium
ui on me by filing the complaint you did in
this action. I want the people of this commu
nity to know if they don't already know the
character of man you are. how unreliable you
are and how unworthy jou are to have the con
fidence and tupport of any people.
The trouble has spread to the Council
cnamoers and a peaceful meeting is a
thing of the past. At the last session a
personal conflict between Councilmen
i>uhne and Poland was prevented only by
the Intervention of Chief of Police Barnum
and members of the Council. The trouble
& rose over Buhne's allegation that the
majority of the Councilmen were in a Job
< :i the sewer pipe matter. During the
evening the He was freely passed.
In his letter Chairman Bull, after deny
ing the facts in Thompson's complaint.
PEACE IS AFFRIGHTED.
After the leaders patched up their dif
ferences and Thompson agreed to resign
after he received his commission and
placed his written resignation in the
liands of Attorney Monroe, these charges
were withdrawn. Thompson received his
appointment and then began the suit to
have his resignation returned to him. The
Bull faction declare that the Selvage affi
davits against Campbell and Milnes were
published by Thompson to provoke them
to a row that he might find an excuse to
escape from the consequences of his ob
ligation. Thompson declares that It is the
duplicity of the opposing- faction that has
induced him to brine the suit.
This letter accuses Thompson of violat
ing' his pledges and of general ' bad faith.
It was answered by Thompson In an -open
letter through the columns of his own
paper, the Standard. The Thompson let
ter accused Bull of persistently making
war on him and gave as he termed it "an
unvarnished history of the case" and in
side political facts in general.
The tight between the factions repre
eented by J. C. Bull, S. A. Campbell aud
C. S. Milnes and other leaders of the
party organization on one side and J. F.
Thompson. T. H. Selvage and A. H. Buhne
en the other began when John Bull, son
of the Republican chairman, applied for
Thompson's place at the land office, after
-Thompson, it is alleged, said he did not
•wish it longer. About this time charges
were preferred at Washington against
Thompson.
The suit instituted by J. F. Thompson,
Receiver of the United States Land Of
fica, against J. C. Bull Jr.. chairman of
the Republican Central Committee; S. A.
Campbell. Collector of the Port, and At
torney A. J. Monroe to restrain them from
presenting Thompson's written resignation
of the receivership, brought forth an open
letter from Bull, published in the Timts
this morning.
EUREKA. June 5.— The most bitter fight
:n the history of Humboldt County pol
itics is now in progress. The Republican
leaders are at white heat. Each faction
is drawn up against the other.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aspirants for Nominations
Have Not an Inch of Neu
tral Ground.
Fight to tlie Finish. Is Declared and
A draft of the scheme Involves the home
Government guaranteeing a small interest
on the c&pital involved. This will have to
be ratified by the . House of Commons,
"where," says the Westminster Gazette,
"it will probably be met with opposition.''
LONDON, June 5.— The . negotiations of
the British and the Canadian governments
and . some of the other colonial govern
ments with the Cunard line and other
lines comprising what fs now termed the
Liverpool syndicate, which is opposing
the Morgan shipping combine, contem
plate, according to" the Westminster Gaj
zette, both a fast service of mall and pas
senger steamers in conjunction with the
Canadian Pacific Railroad and a fleet of
fast freight steamers. The mail steamers
which it is proposed to build will be of
enormous size, capable of steaming twen
ty-five knots an hour, and will be fully
equipped for use^ as armed cruisers, carry
ing- eight quick-firing six-inch guns for
ward and aft, arid broadsides of three 4.7
inch guns. The freight steamers will be
sixteen-knot vessels, carrying 6000 to 7000
tons dead weight. The Westminster Ga
zette thinks it probable that Milford Ha
ven will be the port of departure of the
fleet. The scheme contemplates a line of
steamers running to China, Japan and
Australia from Vancouver, B. C. Canada
and Australia are expected to join in pay
ing the subsidies.
In any event, M. Combes seemed deter
mined to fulfill his mission, as failure
would be interpreted as meaning that the
Radical party is incapable of assuming
the responsibility of power.
It seems that M. Combes will be Pre
mier and Minister of the Interior in the
new Cabinet, that M. Delcasse, General
Andre and M. Leygues, formerly Min
isters of Foreign Affairs, War and Pub
lic Instruction respectively, will be re
tained, and that Deputies M. Troui
llot (Republican). M. Etienne (Re
publican), M. Rouvler (Republican), A£.
Dubouese (Radical Republican) and M.
Deumergue (Radical Republican), will also
be given portfolios. While the appoint
ments of these last named are considered
certain, there Is some doubt regarding the
selection of M. Rouvier, who is slated for
the post of Minister of Finance. Thia
doubt arises from M. Rouvier' s position
on the Income tax question.
XAter in the day Senator Combes, Pro
gressive Republican and former Vice
President of the Senate, accepted the task
of forming a new Cabinet. ,
After leaving the Elysee Palace.- M.
Combes conferred with M. Waldeck-
Rousseau, the former Premier and the
President of the Senate and Chamber of
Deputies. He will begin his negotiations
for the formation of a Cabinet at once
and expects to- be ready to announce his
Ministry in Sunday's issue of the Official
Journal.
PARIS, June 5.— M. Henri Brlsson, the
former Premier, who is a Radical Re
publican In politics, went to the Elysee
Palace to-day as a result of President
Loubet's summons and was asked to form
a new Cabinet, but M. Brisson declined.
It Is reported that M. Largentainage
will be prosecuted for insulting Presi
dent Loubet.
"We informed M. Bachimont of the
object of our visit. He replied to our
communication. He replied — (here fol
lows a filthy expression which is unprint
able in English). The Count de Dion
retorted by slapping his face."
M. Bachimont, to the foregoing, pub
lished this terse reply:
"Count de Dion says he slapped my
face. This is a lie." . .
Deputy Bachimont having called M.
Millevoye a scoundrel, the latter sent M.
Bachimont his seconds, the Count de
Dion and M. de Largentainage, who, in
their official account of the interview,
said:
The fight occurred In a committee
room. In wjiich the Deputies were en
gaged In the verification of the recent
election returns. The dispute which
caused it arose over Nationalist posters,
in which Republicans were attacked in
violent language. Several of the Nation
alist Deputies to-day approved these ex
pressions, and in the row which followed
the participants frequently exchanged in
sults such as "blackguard" and "thief."
An officail of the Chamber had to inter
vene between the combatants.
A scrimmage, during which fisticuffs
were exchanged, followed, half a dozen
Deputies, including the Count de Dion,
M. Millevoye and M. Meslier, taking part
in the fighting.
A number of Republican Deputies re
torted hotly, whereupon M. de Largen
tainage added, excitedly: "And your
President of the republic is a thief!"
PARIS, June 6.— In a committee room
of the Chamber of Deputies to-day M.
Largentalnage, a Reactionary Deputy
from the Cotes du Nord, exclaimed:
"Yes; you Republicans are swindlers and
traitors, and, in a way, foreigners!"
Thompson and Bull Publish
Letters Bristling
With Ire.
Several Ministers Under Wal
deck-Bousseau Expected
to Remain.
President Loubet Is Styled a
Thief and Scrimmage
Follows.
British and Canadian Gov
ernments Interested in
the Project '•
Political Combatants in
a Fever of Excite
ment.
Senator Combes Accepts
Task of Forming
Cabinet.
New Fleet of Steamers
to Oppose Morgan's 7
j Combine.
Lawmakers Enliven Ses
sion by a Free-for
all Fight.
ACCUSATION
WARMS AIR
OF EUREKA
RADICALS READY
FOR PORTFOLIOS
PLAN TO FIGHT
SHIPP1NG TRUST
FRENCH DEPUTIES
IN BATTLE ARRAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LLj FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
The Brisson-Rcy Argument Takes Turn That Leads to Butcher
town-—Frenchmen Prefer Le Sabre to Les Gants de Boxe*
HOG BECOMES IMPORTANT FACTOR
IN A NOW FAMOUS CONTROVERSY
3
¦"¦¦'¦ \iS^ife^-c f ¦ • clothes for boys. I
)/ V ' m0 *¦ " * .^ U 111 111 V 1 School ends this- week— the boy will »Mi«sJiBll\i\
11 /A qAffiffi^ I be wanting to go . on his vacation next. . $£M\ rail IrMI
Mm^S^^ How about your summer suit? . Now Ge J him the proper togs. Our stock
jWfm^^L^ • is the time to buy it— summer *is here d Prices wi.l make the work of |g|^jM^: f& jbH\
/^^^Pp^^^^fe\ ' in earnest - choosing very easy for you, and profit- NS^^H.yil ijf/;
li^MM^l^wlv^v If y° u want a £ ood !i § ht wei S ht ' e mention a few articles that will X^fe^Ii^ W; I
itiiiili^ blue ser 2 e we can show y° u a very be of interest* to the mother who wants S\wW£i^ ! 0
Y^^^^^^WXWW^^^^ ' St y lishly CUt § arment for at as lowa t0 dress her boy properly and profit- • \ WMfWf 1 \
llliil^^ P lf V° u ™nt a tweed or cheviot in a " * ou f]> ™ e r r suits as M Will
IMPsW 2^' light weight material and a neat sum- V'. Government khaki, first- M p|
Iwi^^Sk^/ 1 < mer y P a "em we can show you some cIass , material; suits are made in the IJT, pj] ,, y
\ W^^^^tffeta^// at h 2 orice of $9.00 that will appeal regulation rough rider uniform style lf ; i I ! h
W^^^^^^^mW/ t0 y™ r good taste as well as your w^ h lo^ Pants, neatly trimmed with |; :Vl| |
\\WBBl9HKm^ll : - desire for economy. . red or blue; ages 3 to 12 years; ex- 1 j Ell \
I imHilll IliliillSliM / cellent wearing goods— will wear the :3 i'V^^S^
111 l^fiS 111' SiiiiiSl I fin summer suit is often worn bu f boy through the entire vacation; price M4iU''"~ ==;^^^
ill BJ1 Jm II M Hi III {^ ree month s. * Why buy an expen- but W^ .
Ill liiWnil liMS ill Hi sive one when these'will please you in $1.25 •* V if
vl if I I 11 LmiMffl III material, pattern, style and price, and I* SUlt
11 $v$ ill I liyiisMJilsl II I I mt^lll I " Wash suits in all materials and at all prices; we
II 1 "^ W 1 III I OO ' can show yoU about fifty <* iffercn t styles, one of f<53p5^^_ I
11 II lliliFml i' ! Wlpffill'!IJ^ III I 9 which we picture;- the prices are x^^^^^^N,
1 1 111 I P^llllfllf ///' Men's strineri worsted trousers in We carr y a full assortment of overalls for boys or. lW^!0y
1 SP i t^lil fi //// stnpea worsiea trousers in irI they are made with or without bib d are l. *W/ :
•iii Wlill /// maIiy DattemS > W0Fth #M°> On Sale strongly sewed and riveted. Jt^J\\
¦ ' 1 iWW VrWMm\\m III at $'"^- At 23c ' 35c ' * 5c and 5Oc « br ° w ", black or
I f jl I I I i|!i^ififfl|!||||i/f //' VCOur clothing is all made in our own workshops At 5Oc and Ooc, blue only, without bibs, for boys. yvyW^l^^^^^^^^^^^ \
\ ' ll* III if^^tf rwHlr If I ¦"•by union labor; each garment bears the union label At 4oc, blue and brown, with bibs, for girls, ages -^^^Bl^fl^^^^^^^iv
; J !Jpj!j«$ \W$§fflf / ' ' '- M t' • ' ' 1 th" H " • Unlaundered shirt waists in all colors, ages 3 to 12 Y&'^'-fMr • •'•';DJ^^a//7 '!
Hi I f'»- t\l %i\^iVW / shoj^s, wi ".re unhealthy conditions are paramount. T y j , ' , ,. . ., . .. \r^\^^^W^M \i f
f A||i|lf Buy union clothing and you buy clean, honestly' All-wool sweaters in 'various colors and combina- \ul ( jlllM^li' lp
If 1'H mi^ ¦ made clothes. Whoever is your clothier, demand tion stripes, ages 2 to -6 years, \\1 ? ! jjjy % \, \\ 5j /
I ||1 f M\ .that he show, you the union label when you buy;,you Canvas leggings, 4Oc and oOe. .• \\\[ ||W lj't|§j;
•If -l§I|fL ••". ° We yourself this P-° tection - '.- Also a complete stock of underwear, hosiery, knee uff^f 'WIS II
If is i'vS^^ /.Our clothing is not only union made, but is sold pants, wash pants, duck pants for youths, etc, all at l\» iff' vlSSjS i| i
1 Ik wliii^i •¦ direct from maker to wearer with a saving to. the reasonable prides. ;|| a;/ 'jfH§ / ]
/ngsor'hats. 718 iVlarket Street free. ¦pT^SAN FRANCISCO'S MERCHANTS START TO-DAY
PROMINENT MEN OF INTERIOR WHO WILL TAKE PART IN WELCOMING THE VISITORS, ALSO SCENES
IN THE DELIGHTFUL LOCALITIES WHICH WILL BE VIEWED BY THE FRIENJDLY BUSINESS MEN
FROM THE BAY SHORE. .
SAN RAFAEL. June 5.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day passed an ordinance
requiring automobiles to sound a continu
ous alarm on mountain roads, and on any
boulevard or highway to come to a full
stop 300 feet from any vehicle drawn by
domestic animals. Failure to do this is a
misdemeanor and punishable by a fine of
$250.
Chauffeurs Must Se Careful.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— The Academy of
Notre Dame at Santa Clara celebrated
its thirty-eighth annual commencement
yesterday. A large gathering was pres
ent to witness the exercises. A fine mu
sical and literary programme was ren
dered. The graduates were the Misses
II. Jones, E. Aniotzbehere, C. Shephard
and Rosalie Ruth.
Commencement at Notre Dame.
STOCKTON. June 5.— Late frosts have
caused a 50 per cent loss to new potatoes
in several localities on Roberts Island.
The loss will run into thousands of dol
lars. On Staten Island the bean crop is
almost a total failure. Where the po
tatoes have been Injured on Roberts Is
land beans are now being planted be
tween the rows, though in some places
the potatoes are being plowed up and the
ground re-seeded to potatoes.
Frosts Damage TXe-vr Potatoes.
DENVER. June 5.— All speed records
en Colorado railroads were lowered to
day by the Pueblo Real Estate Exchange
special, run by the Colorado and South
ern Railway over the Santa *Fo tracks,
which covered the distance, 113 miles, in
two hours and thirty-one minutes, the
actual running time being two hours and
seventeen minutes. A portion of the run
was at the rate of eighty miles an hour.
The best time ever before made between
the two cities was two hours and thirty
seven minutes.
Eighty Miles an Hour.
Williams' partner, a miner named Irwin.
Is in Jail, but says he knows nothing of
the shooting beyond the- fact that Will
iams said some time ago he was in seri
ous trouble.
After the shooting Williams escaped to
'the hills and a number of armed men are
now searching for him- It i3 not Improb
able tfiat his capture may be t ollow«d by
a "lynching. ¦ ¦ -
Deputy Constable Charles Cummins was
ishot by Edward Williams, a woodchop
per. Williams fired at long range, using
a rifle. The bullet entered Cummins* body
in the region of the heart and emerged,
on the right side below the ribs.
REDDIXG, Juno 4.— A shooting affray
which will unquestionably result fatally
occurred to-day at De La Mar, a mining
camp twenty-five miles from this place.
Assailant.
Armed Men Pursue ar/
Deputy Constable's
CHASE MAY END
IN A LYNCHING
SACRAMENTO, June 6.— H. J. Small,
superintendent of motive power of the
Southern Pacific Company in this city,
a> position which he has held since the
death of "A. J. Stevens, will shortly re
move his; office to San Francisco. When
asked to-day for a reason for removlne
the office from Sacramento, where the
principal shops are located. Small said it
was necessary to go where the head of
fice Is. The office of superintendent of
motive power has been located in Sac
ramento ever since the Southern Pacific
Railroad was built W1OC
Motive Power Chief to Move.
STOCKTON, June 5.— George TIndail,
who took three ineffectual shots at hi«
wife Tuesday morning, was to-day held
to answer before the Superior Court on
a charge of attempted murder, with
bonds fixed at $5000.
Tindall Must. Answer in Court.'
TACOMA, * June 6.— The British ship
Ganges. Captain Walker, sailed to-day
for South Africa with a cargo of oats and
hay for the British army, valued at $117 -
776. The cargo included $55,800 worth of
oats shipped from Tacoma, the balance
from Vancouver.
Oats for Britain's Army.
'Hie rigid measure was hastened by the
appearance of a disease in the Redding
postoffice. It has been alleged that two
postal clerks became afflicted with small
pox by reason of handling letters from
Harrison Gulch. The story is declared
now to be a fabrication. The clerks are
said to be suffering from nothing more
serious than measles.
REDDING. June 5.— The town of Harri
son Gulch, with 1000 population, located
f.fty-two miles southwest of Redding, is
to be placed undfer quarantine for small
pox. The county health officer left here
this morning for that purpose. He will
place armed guards around the mining
camp, if necessary, to enforce the quaran
tine.
Action by a Health
Officer.
Fear cf a Spread of Smallpox Causes
SHASTA COUNTY TOWN
IS TO BE QUARANTINED
This transaction means much to this
locality, and It Is thought to be the in
tention of the new management to run
the line to Hueneme and make that their
principal shipping point instead of Ven
tura. It will also put Oxnard in direct
connection with Bakersfleld. It will give
farmers an opportunity of shipping their
beets to the factory instead of hauling by
team.
OXNARD, June 5.— -A meeting of the
stockholders of the Santa Clara Valley
Electric. Railway Company was held at
the office of W. H. Harris yesterday
morning, at which time and place a deal
was consummated transferring the stock
and franchise of the above company to
the Ventura-Bakersfield Electric Railway
Company, or, in other words, the Harri
man syndicate. The price paid is not
known to outsiders. According to the
terms of the deal, work must be com
menced within sixty days from date and
the road will be in operation in six
months.
session of Electric Line in the
Oxnard Locality. '
Harriman Syndicate Acquires Pos-
FARMEKS WILL GAIN
ADVANTAGE OF KAILBOAD
Work will now begin on the station In
this city, which will be located on Olive
Heights, the highest available point in
this vicinity. A mast will be raised to a
height approximately the same as the
other two stations. General Manager
New of the company is confident that the
line will be in readiness for commercial
uses on July L
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
ON THE SOUTH COAST
Stations Near Los Angeles Will Be
in Operation Within a
Few Weeks.
LOS ANGEL.ES, June 5.— July. 1 has
teen decided on as the day of formal
opening of wireless telegraphy between
Santa. Catalina Island and L.os Angeles.
To-day the mast at the San Pedro sta
tion was raised and placed in position. It
is 162 feet high and stands on Whites
Folnt, which is 125 feet above high tide
mark. At Catalina the mast is 150 feet
high and stands on a point 425 feet above
the water.
The new company will begin extensive
Improvement of the system, which will
entail an expenditure of from $50,000 to
$70,000. . " .
The capital stock of the Eureka Water
Company is $500,000, fully subscribed by
the fojlowing stockholders, who are also
the 1 first board of directors: Frank Rog
ers, New York city, 665 shares; F. M.
Shidler, Arcata, 232 shares; C. P. Soule,
H. L.. Ricks and L. F._Puter, Eureka, one
share each. These five men are only a
temporary 'board of directors, and the
stock is Boon to be conveyed to the East
ern purchasers, who furnished the capi
tal. The entire stock changing hands by
this transaction was held by H. L. Ricks
and Richard Sweasey, divided equally be
tween them.
EUREKA, June 5.— The entire plant of
the Kicks Water Company has- been' sold
to a syndicate of Eastern capitalists. The
deal was consummated yesterday, when
the final payment was made and articles
of incorporation of the new company,
known as, the Eureka Water Company,
were filed for record in the County
Clerk's office. Those interested in the
deal will not state the purchase price,
but It is reported to have been $130,000.
County Is Acquired by a
' Syndicate.
Valuable Property in Humboldt
EASTERN CAPITALISTS
BUY A WATER COMPANY
TOPEKA, Kan., June 5.— The officials
of the Santa Fe are at a loss to explain
the trouble with the boiler-makers at San
Bernardino. Colonel A. H. Henderson,
superintendent of motive power of the
joad, is the only official acquainted with
the strike situation and he is on the scene
trying to adjust matters. Some think
that the trouble may extend to the mam
lines of the road, but the officials say
there is little danger of this.
The boiler-makers deplore the necessity of
resorting to a strike to secure a fair and just
wage for service rendered at Needles, but
alter thirty daj's' discussion of the question
fcy the company and the employes they were
riven a definite answer by the company's of
ficial that a raise of from $3 50 to $4 would not.
be granted, hence the strike.
The Southern Pacific Company pays boiler
makers $4 at Tucson. Ariz., and El Paso. Tex.
Tiie Texas and Pacific Railroad pays boiler
rnaker8 $4 per day at El Paso, Tex., and the
Rock Island pays $i at Alamogorda, N. M.
All these towns are Elmilar to Xeedles and to
tome extent more desirable as places of resi
dence. The expense of living amounts to 20
to 80 per cent less at the places named. Hence,
the boiler-makers at Needles believe that they
are asking- nothing but what is fair and Just.
The boiler-makers at Xeedles, Cal. (and
through Fympathy, these in this city) feel Jus
tified in their demand for a raise of 25 cents
per day, because they are only asking for the
prevailing rate of wages paid by other rail
roads under like conditions.
Of the Eastern men brought in last
night not one went to work to-day, so far
as could be learned, and nearly all ol
them have left the quarters assigned to
them by the company, stating that th>?y
did not understand the situation when
they engaged themselves to come here.
The strikers eay they do no^ intend 10
resort to violence. No one not known to
he In the employ of the railroad company
is allowed to enter the shop grounds.
The following official statement was
made to-day by the Boiler-makers' Union
in this city:
SAX BERNARDINO, June 5. — No
trouble has occurred among the
strikers at the Santa Fe machine
shops at this point, but there
has been much agitation over the arrival
of a carload of boiler-makers from the
East, brought here to take the place of
Ftriking workmen. Another carload of
mechanics is due here to-night, and In
order to be prepared for any trouble
Sheriff Rouse, at the request of the rail
road ¦ company, has sworn in more guards
for service at the shops and railroad
yards.
Ellis has taken in Mart Foster and two
others as partners. They could not keep
the discovery, which is close to the road,
a secret, and one of the partners watches
the place at night while the others sleep.
Prospectors have located every foot of
t.he ground for nearly a mile in every di
"rection and other strikes are anticipatecl.
The owners of the "Little Wax" ledge
refuse to listen to any offers for their
mine.
Not less remarkable than the ledge It
self Is the manner in which It came to
be discovered. A man told of the sup
posed ledge as a Joke and a miner proved
the joke a reality. One night last week
in a French Gulch store a crowd of min
ers and others were spinning yarns. Mart
Foster, who -is not a miner, .told of a
ledg\s which he knew must exist beside
the county road at the base of the Shasta
divide, because he had picked up a bit of
quartz there twelve years ago which
sparkled with gold.
William Ellis, a miner, heard the story
and set out early next morning for the
rpot which Foster had described. ,-He lo
cated the little gulch without difficulty
and before night he had located a ledge
which cropped out at the surface. He
returned next day greatly elated and
opened up the vein. The pay streak is
more than two feet wide and assays from
2100 to $500 per ton. It has been opened
up for about 100 feet and gives no sign of
pinching out.
REDDING, June 5.— A hundred mining
claims have been staked within four days
and scores of miners are hurrying to the
district as the result of the finding of
what promises to be a great gold ledge
at the western base of the Shasta divide,
ten miles this side of French Gulch.
Special Discatch to The Call.
Strike in San|ba Pe Shops
at San Bernardino
Serious.
Curious Discovery \ of
Rich Ledge in Shasta
County.
GUARDS WATCH
THE RAILROAD
JOKER'S WORDS
REVEAL A MINE
PORTLAND, Or., June 5.— Brooding
over a disappointment In love, Miss Inez
Riggs; 26 years old, living: with her parents
at 88 Park street, North, took her life by
jumping Into the river some time after
May 25. Her body was found in the water
to-day. She had kept company for three
years with Charles Ray, a commercial
traveler, who is now in California, and
for reasons unknown they drifted apart
Miss Riggs was a well-known tailoress
and was popular in the circle in which ahe
moved.
Girl's Body, in the River.
RIVERSIDE, June 5.— The members of
the American Climatological Association
arrived in Riverside to-day and were en
tertained by the County Medical Associa
tion. The party includes about 100 prom
inent physicians from all parts of the
United States. Last night the association
wa3 entertained at Loma Linda with a
banquet, at which Dr. Robert Mclntyre
of Chicago acted as toastmaster. The
remainder of the week will be sent at
Idyllwild, a mountain resort, the party
arriving in Los Angeles, on Monday next.
Climatologists at Eiverside.
SACRAMENTO, June 5.— William Clark,
an employe in a local icehouse, who had
been In 111 health for several months, dis
appeared one day last week. He told an
acquaintance that he had grown tired of
life and intended to. kill himself. To-day
Clark was found lying on the bank of the
Sacramento River, a short distance below
the city, almost dead. He' was taken to
the County Hospital. Clark says he swal
lowed the contents of a bottle of lauda
num in the hope of ending his existence,
but the drug failed to do its work.
Poison Fails to Kill Him.
ELKS HAVE MERRIMENT
WITH THE NEWSPAPER MEN
Eiaoorate reparations tor the Circus
on Independence Day in
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— The newspaper men
of San Jose were the guests of the Elks'
publicity, press and promotion commit
tee at a banquet last midnight. About a
dozen were present, including representa
tives of the local papers and the corre
spondents of the San Francisco papers.
An elaborate menu was served in the
banquet room at the new hall of the Elks.
It was well into the morning before the
jovial crowd dispersed, and the newspa
per men are enthusiastic over the way
the Elks royally sustained their reputa
tion for lavish hospitality. Jackson
Hatch, exalted ruler of the Elks, was
toaslmaster. Toasts were responded to
as follows: "Our Country," John E.
Richards; "The Press," E. K. Johnston;
"The Influence of the Press Upon the
Commercial World," L. E. Bontz; "Rem
iriscences," Dr. D. F. McGraw. Fred L.
Thomas recited "Thanatopsis." •
Jackson Hatch, -who is general manager
of the Elks' circus to be given July 4,
outlined the plan of "the greatest show
on earth." He said the 300 Elks in San
Jose are going to turn circus men for the
delight of the people. A big amphitheater
will bo erected on Santa Clara and Sixth
streets. There will be the main show and
the always present sideshows. There will
be amateur and professional actors.
Everything will be there Just as in the
three-ring shows, the sawdust ring, the
side shows with the wild man from
Borneo and the bearded lady. San Jose
society and professional men will do bare
back stunts, sell popcorn- and lemonade
and "spiel" for the shows. The circus is
also to be made a gathering for the Elks
all over the State. Fully 15,000 people are
expected to attend the show. San Fran
cisco and Oakland Elks are coming with
a special excursion.
Wheelock to-day made a statement of a
sensational nature in which he alleges will
ful neglect on the part of his attorney.
The prisoner was convicted of murdering
a woman In Oroville about two years ago.
He has wealthy relatives in the East who,
he says, assert tfiat they paid an attorney
named "Grosvenor, of Oroville,. J150Q. to ap
peal the case to the Supreme Court.
Grosvenor he alleges, lodged the appeal
but never filed the briefs in the case. The
matter came up twice before the Supreme
Court and was postponed . because the
briefs in the ease were not on' file. At
each time, Wheelock says, the lawyer was
notified of this fact and -was told to file
such briefs. The date of the hanging was
set for June 14. ' * "
Wheel ock's relatives in the East were
apprised of the situation and being per
sonal friends of Governor Odell, of New
York, interceded with him before he left
New York on his Western tour to see
Governor Gage and lay, the matter before
him in order to obtain a stay of execu
tion. Governor Odell, when in California,
it is asserted, did see Governor Gage, and
discussed the matter fully with him, but
up to the present time no action has been
taken in the matter. Wheelock Is 47 years
old.
SAN RAFAEL, June 5.— James Franklin
Wheelock will be hanged at San Quentin
prison next Friday morning unless a res
pite arrives before that time.
Condemned Man at San
Quentin Prison Makes
Charges.
SAYS LAWYER
WAS NEGLIGENT
$40 firat / class, including berth :and
meals, San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma;
Vancouver, .Victoria, . Everett, New What
com and return, allowing passengers am
ple r time to go ashore and visit the va
rious points of interest. ; For full informa
tion apply at ticket office, -4 New Mont
gomery street, Palace Hotel, Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. .... ...... ..- ¦-„,* .. .
Low Excursion Bates— 11 Days' Trip.
.' The educational advantages of the jour
ney will be large on both sides. The peo
ple of the Interior, will see and converse
with the men who have manifested their
interest by putting up their money to pro
mote the prosperity of the interior . and
their time to viewit. The San .Fran
ciscans ' will get information that . could
not well be reached. in any other way.
The business men's party will' include -a
Klee club, ; which will be headed by San
ford" Bennett, who distinguished himself
rriusically on the San Joaquin trip. . •-, .
The . commercial bodies of San Fran
cisco will be: represented in the excursion
party. Aviist of speakers has been made
Ul?.' Including .A. Sbaiboro; General Will
The west side of the valley will be
traversed. The lirst stop on Sunday will
be at Corning. 'Here the party will re
main two hours, giving time to visit the
famous Maywood Colony, from 9 a.m. to
11 a. m. :.. , . „•; > •
Then the run will be made to Orland,
where the train tvlll wait one' hour— from
11:30 to 12:30. A 1 brief , stop will be made
at Willows, After that the. next pause
will be at Colusa Junction- '"Here the spe
cial train will wait two' hours, giving the
excursionists tiine to /Visit Colusa.
At 3 o'clock a/ start will be made for
Woodland and there a stop of one. and
one-half hours is on the itinerary. Vaca
ville will be the last place to be visited.
The party will remain there from 6:30
p. m. until %\ p. m. Arrival in San
Francisco is set down for 11 p. m.Sun-'
day. -- .-•:,:¦•;
.Starting from, this city. and accompany
ing the. party throughout the entire val
ley/tour, General W. S. Green and Secre
tary Wright, representing- the Sacra
mento Valley Development Association,
will supply all needed information about
localities visited.' .
They will remain in Marysville from
11:30 a. m. until 12:30 p. m. One hour will
be given to an inspection of Chico, be
tween 2 and 3 p. m. Then Vina will be
visited for half an hour. One hour - will
be given to Red Bluff and then the special
train will- run to Redding, where it is due
to arrive at 6:30 p. m. Here the party will
remain until the following morning. *
On Sunday the run down the valley on
tha homeward trip will take place. The
first day will be a busy one for the ex
cursionists, but .the second will be no
less: so. : ; , • '
HEABT OF THE VALLEY.
The San Francisco excursionists will
leave the foot of Market street to take
their special train at 12:30 o'clock. They
will journey by the Southern Pacific lines
all the way to Redding and return.
The first stop will be made at Stockton.
Two hours will be devoted to seeing the
vigorous city of flour mills and factories.
At 5:30 the special train willpull out of
Stockton and arrive at Sacramento at 7:30
p. m., where, a stop will be made until 4
a. m. to-morrow, the time in Sacramento
Being eight and one-half hours.
The next stop will be at Oroville, where
the excursionists will devote two and one
half hours to sight-seeing. They will
.then return to Marysville, through which
they will have passed earlier in the day.
The banners will have friendly mottoes
upon them. One will announce, "Greet
ings to the Sacramento Valley." Another
will read, "May We Become Better Ac
quainted." Still another inscription will
be, "Harmonious Co-qperatlon Brings
Successful Results." Several banners will
announce that the train bears the "Cali
fornia Promotion Committee's Party of
San Francisco Business Men." One ban
ner will advise that "Every County In
California Should Have an Exhibit With
the State Board ot Trade."
* Notice Is given by the promotion com
mittee that diagrams of the sleeping
cj>rsvwill be at the Southern Pacific of
fices until 10:45 a. ro. to-day and after'll
a. m. at the. ferry station ticket office.
James S. Bunnell. Wells- Farsro Express
Company; Maurice Block, Anglo-American
Crockery and Glassware Company; \V. D. Den
nett, Western Meat Company; H. A. French,
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce; F. E.
Wright, Sacramento Valley Development As
sociation; Sanford FelKenbaum; A. Sbarboro of
Italian- American Bank, California Promotion
Committee; General Will S. Green, Sacramento
Valley Development Association and California
Promotion Committee; Rufus P. JennlnK-s
California Promotion Committee: W.H. Feld
man and E. H. Feldman, L. Feldman & Co. ;
Frank J. Symmes of Thomas Day Company,
Merchants' Association of San Francisco; C.
M. Wright, Thomas J. Welch: Charles E. Mil
ler, Pacific Hardware and Steel Company; An
drew CarrUan of Dunham, Carrigan and Hay
den Company, San Francisco Merchants' Ex
change; J. F. Wiggins, Union Lithograph
Company; E. M. Bachelder. American Biscuit
Company; C. P. Thurston, Tillmann & Ben
del; Gus Wormser. Sussrnan, Wormser & Co.;
J. W. Smith, California Fruit Canners' Asso
ciation; George L. Walker, American Steel and
Wire Company; George Wheaton. Wheaton,
Pond & Harrold; William R. Wheeler, Hoi
brook, Merrill & Stetson; William 'R. Meyers,
W. W. Montague & Co.; P. C. Rossi, Italian-
Swiss Colony; C, M. Wooster of Wooster,
Whltten & Montgomery; California' Promotion
Committee: Albert Meyer; Phillip I. Fisher,
Levi Strauss *& Co. ; . Samuel H. Taylor, Elec
tric Railway and Manufacturers' Supply Com
pany; R. R. Vail, J. A. Folger & Co.; H. W.
Newton and S. W. Trower, Gualala Mill Com
pany; William Wadhams; V. G. Overton, Union
Fish Company; Kenning- Berg, J. R. Hardy &
Co. ; Walter Raymond, Dr. Charles A. Dlck
enson; William Rieger, Paul Rleger & Co. ; H.
K. Moulthrop, . Bay City Engineering and Sup
ply Company; J. A. Filcher, California State
Board of Trade: C. Schilling, A. Schilling &
Co. ; E. G. Dennlstoiii San Francisco Plating
Works; Doane Merrill, R. . L. Toplltz & Co. ;
H. ' O., Perry, ' Bender Bros. ; Jesse Newbauer,
Newbauer Bros.: D. M. Davidson, D. M. Da
vidson & Co. : Rufus : S. Goudey, Abramson-
Heunlsch Glass Company; W. E. Cody, Cody
Furniture "Company: Clifford C. Cook, H. N.
Cook Belting Company; Arthur Eloesser, Hey
nemanri &, Co. ; Irving M. Scott, Union Iron
Works; George- E. Catts, Mayor -of Stockton;
Henry E. Adams, . superintendent Stockton Gaa
and Electric Company; F. W. Dohrmann, Na
than, Dohrmann & Co.; Sanford Bennett, Dun
ham, Carrieran & Hayden Company; Clarence
Coburn, Whlttler, .Coburn: & Co.;. Hugo D.
Newhouse; Charles ' Bundschu, Gundlach,
Bundschu Company; ,. J. F." Maroney, Jess?
Moore-Hunt Company; Sol Davidson, Kauft
man-Davldson Company; M. J. Gardner, Scott
& Van Arsdale: L. Van Laak, Van Laak Man
ufacturing Company; ¦ A. G. Towne of Blake
Moffitt & Towne, San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce; David Bush, David Bush & Son*
A. J.RIch, A. J. Rich & Co.; Fred W. Bolle;
L. A.; Kelley, Kelley & Henry; Gilbert Hassell,
official photographer. ...
The list of those who will make the ex
cursion and the commercial houses they
represent are as follows: .
THESE MAKE THE TRIP.
S. Green, Charles Bundschu, Frank J.
Symmes, F. W. Dohrmann, Andrew Car
rigan, William R. Wheeler, A: J. Rich, C.
M. Wooster, J. A. Filcher, John P. Young,
Irving M. Scott and Sanford Bennett.
As on the occasion of the visit of the
business men to the San I Joaquin Valley,
the special train that will carry the visi
tors has been- provided with banners,
which will be attached to the sides of the
Pullman cars to announce to all the coun
try the fact that the much- talked-of 'tour
Is taking place. - . ¦ ¦•-";•¦•»
CARRIES mSW BANNERS.
From one end of the San Joaquin Val
ley to the other the people vied with one
another in making pleasant the coming
of the San Franciscans. ,In similar mood
the Sacramento Valley communities have
prepared to entertain. There will be
speeches on both sides— speeches for San
Francisco and for. the interior points at
the several places where stops are made.
Reception committees have been appoint
ed to welcome the San Francisco business
men. On the part of the latter, speakers
have been selected who will be intrusted
with the pleasing duty of telling of the
friendly , and energetic impulse that
prompts the visit and insures such as
sistance as can be afforded to make the
interior more prosperous. ' '
The aim of the San Franciscans is to
promote the prosperity of the interior of
California. To do this intelligently it has
been deemed best by the California Pro
motion Committee to bring this city and
the Interior Into closer touch. Not long
ago a tour was made to Bakersfleld under
the auspices of the California Promotion
Committee and on the return trip many
places in the San Joaquin Valley were
visited. Business men obtained many
Ideas concerning the valley->-its vastness,
richness and needs that they did not have
before they made the journey. The ben
eficial effects of closer acquaintance with
the people of the interior, to all concern
ed, were then made so manifest that the
tour through the Sacramento Valley,
which will begin to-day, follows as a nat
ural outcome of the earlier event; .
AIMING AT FBOSPEBITY.
In San Francisco these invitations have
been duly- appreciated and they were re
ceived in the practical spirit in which
they were tendered. This afternoon one
of the finest trains that has ever left from
Oakland mole will start with 125 business
men on board for a tour which will ex
tend as far north as Redding 1 , at the head
of the Sacramento Valley, and will take
In both sides of the valley. These are
the places at which stops will be made:
Stockton, Sacramento, Oroville, Marys
vllle, Chico, Vina, Red Bluff, Redding,
Corning, Orland, Willows, Colusa Junc
tion, Colusa, Woodland, Vacaville. Stock
ton Is In the San. Joaquln Valley, and
while it will be visited, no visit will be
made to the valley j in general.
days, be visited and Inspected
by them. Their trip will be under the
auspices of. the California- Promotion
Committee. These cities and towns have
sent the most cordial and pressing invi
tations to San Francisco's business men
to come to them prepared to hear of their
wants, of their advantages and resources
and to accept their hospitality.
Aantf O-DAY representative business
y w men of San Francisco start
i on a pilgrimage, and the city
H of Stockton and fourteen cities
M and towns in the Sacramento
Valley will, in the next two
Fifteen Cities and Towns of the Interior Proffer Hospitality to Those
Who Are Working for Prosperity of the State*;
THE SAN FRANCISCO VALJj, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
4
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THE
WEST. — 21 Post st.. San Francisco. Cal
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire, year
Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
SH TARR Expert Accountant.
• n# 5 v £r . sruarantew a b « tter
knowledge of bookkeeping in 8 weeks than any
college can give in 8 months. Mail course *5.
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the most responsible posi-
tlons. 219 Farrott building. San Francisco.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WILL BEQrN AUGUST 18.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
, Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkln g £ rauuBles -
R. L. DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter St.— Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for announcement and
any particulars.
MISS M. G. BARRETTS 8 f£SSS}? ( D
302 Montzomery st., San Francisco. C*I.
OKORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
v personally; "best teacher, test system,"OTHER HOSTS WHOSE HANDS ARE EXTENDED TOWARD THE PARTT THAT BRINGS GREETINGS OF COM
MERCIAL, COMMUNITY BY GOLDEN GATE AND ADDITIONAL . VISTAS ILLUSTRATIVE OF ENTER
PRISES WHICH CALIFORNIA TOIL HAS BROUGHT INTO EXISTENCE.
The ladles of the First M. E. Chu«:h
held a delightful social In" the parlorsftjf
the edifice last evening. An excellent en
tertainment was rendered and refresh
ments were served. Mrs. H. P. Fish, Mrs
Comstock, Mrs. F. K. Baker and Miss
Harriet Fish were in charge of the affair.
Miss Emma Mattern sang; Mr. Nezegold
rendered a solo; Miss Lydia Jacob recit
ed; F. Fish sang, and the Mandolin Club
of the Conservatory of Music played se
lections. There was a large attendance
Pleasant Church Social.
All this is 'set forth In huge letters in
its Chinese equivalents and groups o£
slant-eyed Celestials gatheofed before the
posters and discussed the proclamation.
Peaceable Chinamen look for a cessation
of disorder among their countrymen, as
a threat of vengeance on relatives in
China is a potent argument with the race.
• The proclamation calls attention to the
recent attempt at robbery and murder on
Dupont and Clay streets and instances all
of the violent crimes in the Chinese quar
ter for several months past and declares
that such things must not continue. Al
most certain punishment, it says, Is bound
to follow the commission of crime In this
country, and if that does not have a
deterrent effect then the good old Chi
nese custom of vicarious . punishment is
promised on the malefactors' relatives in
the old countrv.
It is the desire of the Emperor, says
the proclamation, that his subjects shall
live in their adopted country in conformity
with its laws, and he proposes to see that
they do it or he will know the reason
why.
Chinese Consul General Ho Yow has
caused to be posted up in Chinatown huge
copies of a proclamation warning the Chi
nese residents against further bad be
havior and threatening dire vengeance if
the admonition Is not heeded.
Ho Yow Is Out With a
Proclamation in Big •
Letters.
SAYS CHINESE
1ST BE GOOD
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases lias arrived and they
are bow ready lor distribu
tion. All subscribers to. The
Call are entitled to a copy of
till* grreat book at the prem~
lum rate of $1 50. Out of
town subscribers desiring* a
copy of this splendid prem
ium will be supplied ¦ on re
ceipt of $1 50. ., , All mall
orders will be shipped by ex
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
The annual picnic and outing of St.
Dominic's Church will be held at Fern
brook Park, Niles Canyon, on Wednesday,
June 18. A special boat will leave v. the
ferry at 9;30 a., m. to carry the merry
makers to the scene of the day's festivi
ties. A varied programme of games and
dances has been prepared for the occa
sion. J. B. Mclntyre is chairman of the
general committee in charge of the affair.
St. : Dominic's Picnic.
John \ R. Armstrong was arrested yes
terday on two warrants charging him
with obtaining money by false pretense.
The complaining witnesses are B. Arnot
and D. Gay. They allege that they each
paid Armstrong, who- claims,, the com
plaints say, he is president of the Golden
Gate Mining Company, $25 on his repre
sentation that they would get .employ
ment in a mine at Nome, which represen
tation they allege was false. It is said
that Armstrong got an equal , amount
from 140 others, who were left in Seattle.
Say They Were Swindled.
"E. O. Pierce, 515 Sixteenth street, Oak
land, reported to the police yesterday that
his bicycle had been stolen from the en
trance to the Public Library Wednesday
afternoon. Thomas Saling, 226 Clayton
street, also reported that his bicycle had
been stolen from the basement of his
house Wednesday evening.
Their Bicycles <¦ Stolen.
Sold Morphine Without Prescription.
Dr. T. J. Rees, salesman in Baily's
drug store, Sutter street and Grant ave
nue, was convicted by a jury in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday on a charge of
selling morphine without a physician's
prescription and was sentenced to pay a
line of $200, with the alternative of serv
ing 100 days in the County Jail. It was
contended for the defense that, as the de
fendant was a physician, although sales
man in the drug store, the ordinance -did
not apply to him, but the Judge ruled
against him, holding that selling 25 cents'
worth of morphine was not filling a pre
scription. '.
Up to a late hour yesterday no one had
applied at the morgue for possession of
the bodies, and if some other arrangement
is not made before Saturday evening the
remains will be buried in the potter's
field as paupers and unclaimed.
Several girl schoolmates of little Ber
nice Caldwell, who was murdered by her
mother, Mrs. Jennie Jensen, last Tuesday
night, viewed the remains of mother and
daughter In the morgue yesterday. She
was in the fifth grade class in the Ber
lin school and just before her death re
ceived honorary promotion, being number
one in the class. She was a general fa
vrite with pupils and teachers alike.
When she was informed a short time ago
that her mother had been ejected from
her room for being drunk and disorderly,
the little girl burst Into tears and was
very much distressed.
Honorary -Promotion in the
Berlin School.
Just Before Her Death She Beceived
BEBNTCE CALDWELL'S BODY
VISITED BY SCHOOLMATES
Both the Chinese are highbinders. Chew
Lang On pleaded guilty to murdering a
Chinaman in this city on July 30 last and
was sentenced to- be hanged. .'Wong Ah
See served a six years' sentence in San
Quentin for complicity in a highbinder
murder. | He claims the attack on his
cellmate was due to nightmare.
' Chew Lang. On received a gash extend
ing clear across the top of his head and
his cheek was split. He also received
severe cuts on the right leg and arm,
besides numerous abrasions of other
parts of his body. A physician sewed up
the wounds and last night the victim was
sufficiently recovered to tell his story out
of the corner of his mouth.
Apparently the two prisoners were get
ting along amicably, and ate out of the
same rice bowl without a shallow of un
friendliness. For the last three days,
however, according to Chew Lang On's
story, the . convict has been making
threats. He told his cellmate he was go
ing to kill him at the first opportunity,
but the victim regarded the threat.as a
merry jest and went about his narrow
quarters in fancied security.
The attack was made when Chew was
slumbering. The assailant secured the
heavy wooden cover of the toilet, and
creeping In the dark to his victim's side,
rained blow after blow on \ the prostrate
heathen. Chew covered himself with the
bedding and shouted shrilly in his terror
for succor. Turnkey Jerry McCarthy,
who has charge of that tier of cells, ar
rived in the cell almost instantly, and
succeeded In diverting the maddened hea
then's attention until the arrival of Turn
key Jerry Moore, when the Chinaman
was subdued, after a fierce struggle, and
led away to the dark cell.
Wong Ah See, a Chinese convict from
San Quentin, held in the county jail for
deportation to China, attempted to mur
der his cellmate. Chew Lang On, about
3 o'clock yesterday morning. The victim
has been convicted of murder and was
sentenced to be hanged to-day, but his
case has been appealed to the Supreme
Court and he was granted a stay of exe
cution.
Wong Ah See Attempts
to Murder Fellow
Prisoner.
TRIES TO KILL
HIS CELLMATE
Stretch was attended by Dr. Barbat,
who said the wounds were serious. Lynch
has been an inmate of the State Hospital
for the Insane at Napa, to which place
he was committed about four years ago.
He received injuries on the head thirty
eight years ago, when a boy In Ireland,
and has had Insane spells at various
periods since.
Lynch was overpowered and his weapon
taken away. Later he was taken into
custody by Officers Dolan and Cannon
and charged at the city prison with as
sault to murder.
Lynch, who is believed to be mentally
unbalanced, entered th'e saloon and or
dered a p'tcher of beer. He was accost
ed by Stretch, who bade him good even
ing. Lynch suddenly turned on Stretch,
who «-as seated at a table, and stabbed
him three times with a pocket knifo.
Stretch suffered two wounds In the chest
and one in the abdomen.
Patrick Lynch, a lumberman residing at
34 Chesley street, seriously stabbed Thom
as J. Stretch, who lives at 27 Chesley
street, last night. The cutting took place
In a grocery store at 40 Chesley street.
Wounds on Thomas J.
x Stretch.
Aged Patrick Lynch Inflicts Serious
STABS HIS NEIGHBOR
WITHOUT PROVOCATION
The firemen, William Burns, Ed McGon-
Igle and Sam Powell by name, were
standing in front of the fire house when
they heard a woman scream. She was
standing at the junction of Hyde and
California streets and a middle sized man
was dashing down the street in an evident
attempt to escape. They at once jumped
to the conclusion that a robbery had been
committed. They gave chase and after a
sprint of several blocks overtook the flee
ing man. He denied the charge of snatch
ing the purse, but the woman positively
identified him. The firemen neglected to
get her name or address and this duty
will devolve upon £he police.
On the prisoner when he was searched
at the City Prison were found two purses,
one. of which contained $75 in gold. There
have been seven complaints of ¦ purse
snatching from this vicinity in the past
three weeks and it is supposed that the
same man committed all the crimes.
Three firemen from engine house No. 3
captured an alleged purse snatcher on
California street last evening and brought
him to the City Prison, where be was
turned over to Detectives Dlnan and
Wren. He gave the name of Albert White
and he was placed In the tanks until evi
dence against him can be secured.
The machine manipulators • count on
some support from Sacramento. That
place seems to be the headquarters of the
Gage literary bureau. It is observed that
sympathetic notices in the Record-Union,
wherein his Gageship is exalted and laud
ed as a fearless economist, are copied in
half a dozen other papers of like obscur
ity. The most consistent and by far the
ablest of the Gage press is the Acton
Rooster. The Sacramento supporters of
the Gage machine will not put a straight
out ticket in the field, but will endeavor
to win delegates under the cover of AI
Johnston's candidacy for State Printer.
Before the primary election takes place
Johnston's supporters may find it pru
dent to publicly disavow any connection
with the gubernatorial figfet. Two months
ago Humboldt County was regarded as a
sure shot for Gage, but things political
up there are not as they were. Gage dele
gates north of Sacramento will be re
markably scarce. E. B. Edson will come
to the convention with quite a bunch from
the north. The push politicians insist
that Gage will be the second choice of the
Edson strength, but the claim seems to
rest on a shadowy foundation. It is the
judgment of the best posted politicians
that Gage's name will not be presented to
the convention.
COUNT ON SUPPOBT.
Major Frank McLaughlin arrived in the
city from Santa Cruz yesterday. The
story that he was advocating the nomina
tion of General Georg-e Stone for Gov
ernor was put up to him. He remarked
that he was glad that he had been de
tected so early. He knew that the Re
publican party would never forgive him
and Jie could never forgive himself for
getting into such a fight. He felt that
only divine assistance would save him if
he should get into a Stone camp. The
beautiful bouquets which the major and
Colonel Dan used to bestow on his Excel
lency have lost their freshness and fra
grance. In fact, there is no incense in the
Palace court except the Insensibility of
the push to the undoing of Gage.
Gage does not cut very much of a fig
ure in the race for the Republican nomi
nation for Governor. He will hardly get
a corporal's guard of delegates in San
Francisco. The county committee will
not touch him, as that organization has
no use for a known loser. The machine
seems to be wrecked beyond repair. The
old-time manipulators console themselves
with the hope that the railroad political
bureau will get in behind the Democratic
nominee for Governor. The Gage glim
was doused in the San Jose election when
Johnny Mackenzie was beaten.
Mclaughlin arbives.
It is fortunate for the people of Califor
nia that the truth concerning the shame
ful condition of affairs at San Quentin
•was foreshadowed early in the political
campaign. The public is inclined to view
with suspicion charges sprung on the eve
of election, but revelations coming two
months ahead of the primary election and
nearly three months before the meeting
of the nominating convention cannot be
ignored nor suppressed.
It is in the power of the people to elect
to the Legislature resolute men who will
stand for the honor and integrity of the
public service and who will demand, de
spite executive interference, that prison
scandals shall be properly investigated.
It will be the duty of the next Legisla
ture to amend the law so that the State
Treasurer will have a voice in the pur
chase of bonds for the school fund. Re
cently in the absence of the principals
of the State Board of Examiners— the
Governor, Attorney General'and Secretary
of State — two appointed deputies, Kevane
and Post, paid $16,000 more for a block of
Kern County bonds than the securities
were worth in the market. The people
of California will not tolerate much of
this kind of work with the school fund.
PEOPLE ARE FORTTJITATK
Senator Cutter will never forgive him
self for the part he took in defeating the
Belshaw resolution for an investigation of
the State prisons during the recess of the
Senate. The resolution had been adopted
and it was up to Lieutenant Governor
Neff as the presiding officer of the Senate
to appoint the committee of five, when
Governor Gage intervened and implored
his friends in the Senate to rescind the
resolution. Facts surely will be brought
fj light, when a thorough and searching
investigation of San Quentin takes place,
that 'will show the public why the execu
tive did not want the inquiry. Senator
Belshaw was right when he proposed that
there should be a committee of five. By
this time the Governor must be convinced
that the Marin and Contra Costa Senator
was correct. According to gossip the
Governor started in to investigate on his
own account last "Wednesday. Yesterday
he was obliged to call to his assistance
the newly appointed Prison Director, War
ren Porter of Monterey, and the "Banjo."
To-morrow he may feel constrained to
si-nd for Johnny Mackenzie, Walter
iloore and Ed Xiles. This addition would
make a committee equal in numbers to
the one proposed by Senator Belshaw.
There were frequent mesages from San
Quentin yesterday which signified to the
push that the "fearless executive" was
up against the real goods.
Three Firemen Capture
a Supposed Robber
After Chase.
Gage Will Cut No Fig
ure in City Fight for
Delegates.
ALLEGED PURSE
SITCHER CAUGHT
MACHINE FORCES
LOSE STRENGTH
George H. Warfield, for a long, time
cashier of the Farmers* and Merchants'
Bank of Healdsburg, has been chosen
president of the bank at a meeting of the
directors a few days ago. Mr. Warfleld
is the son of General R. H. Warfield, pro
prietor of the California Hotel, and has a
host of friends in this city, who will be
delighted to hear of the young man's suc
cess. .
Chosen Bank President.
"California Liquor Dealers' Association,"
response by President T. Lunstedt; "Yanke«
Hustler" march, by Douglas Orchestra; "Our
City," response by Mayor Eugene Schmitz;
specialties, Hon. Richard L Whelan; "Our
City Fathers," response by Hon. Fred N. Bent;
sonr, Frank "W. Thompson; "Liquor Dealers
as a Factor In American Citizenship," response
by A. Ruef ; songs by Eagle Quartet — C. Krone,
J. Schulthels, E. Pfaeffle, H. Pfaeffle; recita
tion, Sam Seymour; "The Ladies," Hon. George
H. Bahrs; song, Ed Booth.
Toasts .were responded to and specialties
given at the suggestion of Jesse E: Marks,
the toastmaster, as follows:
The California Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion held a banquet last evening at the
California Hotel. Two hundred members
sat ¦ down to the dinner and a most en
joyable evening was spent. The feature
of the evening was the speech of Mayor
Schmitz, in which he expressed a friend
ship for the liquor men when they con
ducted their places in a business-like man
ner.
Mayor Schmitz Makes
Stirring Speech at
Meeting.
LIQUOR DEALERS
ENJOY A DINNER
VICIOUS HORSE
KILLS STUDENT
Frenzied Animal Kicks
George Mayer to
Death.
Q - • ¦ - -
George Mayer, a student of Dr. B. J.
Creeley's .veterinary school at 510 Golden
Gate avenue and residing next door to the
school, was kicked to death by a vicious
horse about 7 o'clock last evening on Van
Ness avenue and Grove street. He was
returning from a visit to a residence on
Van Ness avenue In a buggy, leading a
sick horse. The horse he was driving was
known to be a kicker and had been given
into the care of Dr. Creeley to be cured
of the habit. Just as Grove street was
reached the bellyband became ¦ loosened
and dropped down. The buggy horse be
came frightened and lashed out with his
hind feet, crashing through the dashboard
and striking Mayer with one hoof on the
head and with the other over the heart.
Andrew L>onovan, a stableman, who was
in the buggy, succeeded in quieting the
frightened animal, and then turned his at
tention to Mayer, who was unconscious in
the bottom of the buggy. He was placed
in a passing hack and hurried to theEmer
gency Hospital, but was dead before ho
reached there. The body was taken to tho
morgue.
The deceased was 24 years of age. a na
tive of Germany and was engaged to be
married to & young woman in Silverton,
Oregon.
"Sis Hopkins" Secures a DivoTce.
CINCINNATI, June 5.—A decree of di
vorce was granted to-day to Rose Mel
ville, widely known as the impersonator
of the character of Sis Hopkins. She
sued as Rose Hardy, wife of Harry
Hardy. Mrs. Hardy regained her maiden
name of Smoch.
SPECK CLUB
DROPS M'GLYNN
Bank Teller Gives His
Story, of the Battle
at Moraghan's.
C. J. McGlynn, paying, teller of the Hi
bernia Bank, had an opportunity yester
day, of telling his version of the fight In
Moraghan's oyster parlors in the Cali
fornia market on the night of May 21, his
part In which led to. his arrest on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon
preferred by John Buhmann, cashier of
the eating place. .
McGlynn' s story was told to Police
Judge Fritz, before whom his preliminary
examination was begun yesterday. The
bank teller's story is that he and a friend
went to Moraghan's to eat; that after
he paid the check there was 40 cents
change coming to him, which the cashier
refused v to give him; that he said he
would take the 40 cents due him from the
cash register and that thereupon the fight
commenced, McGlynn and his friend be
ing mixed up in a battle with five em
ployes of the restaurant, the trouble only
ceasing when McGlynn -had been brutally
clubbed into insensibility by Special Of
ficer G. H. Porter. ~O*
Attorney Stephen Costello specially
prosecuted and the defendant was repre
sented by Attorney Stafford. Joseph
Tobin was an interested spectator of the
proceedings
The witnesses for, the prosecution were
John Buhmann, the complaining witness;
B. White, cook; Joseph Leon, waiter; G.
H. Porter, special officer; Policemen E. F.
Leonard and A. A. Hicks, Ed Kempke
and Louis Fontanel. The first four tes
tified that McGlynn struck Buhmann with
a bottle and tried to get at the cash regis
ter. They said he was under the influence
of/Hciuor, but Leonard and Hicks said
that, thoug-h he had been drinking, he
was not drunk. When they arrived on
the scene his head, face and clothing were
covered with blood from wounds on his
heads. '.-. ' - — - ¦ ¦ ¦ '
„ "After my friend and myself had eaten
a plate of oysters each," testified Mc-
Glynn, "I took the check, which called
for 60 cents, and laid it ¦ on the counter
with $1. After waiting for some moments
for my change, I said to Buhmann, 'What
about my 40 cents?' He insultingly re
plied that; he." had given , me the change,
called me a liar and said, 'You- can't rob
me.' I said, 'If you don't give it to me
I'll take it from, the register. Then Buh
mann struck ma on the face, dazing me.
Before I could do anything a waiter and
a dishwasher or cook came running up
and attacked me. The cook struck me
twice on the head with a poker, and as
I was afraid for my life, I seized a caper
sauce' "bottle to defend myself. ¦ Before I
could use it I was struck with a club
from behind and . fell to the floor uncon
scious. I bled very profusely and on com
ing to. asked Officer Hicks to send for a
physician, but was sent, to the Emer
gency Hospital. No one showed a star
before I was struck. I was not under the
influence of liquor and did not use vulgar
language." . ¦ .-.¦¦¦¦
More witnesses for the defense will be
examined * next Thursday, to which date
the case has been continued.
TO VIEW THE OPULENT SACRAMENTO VALLEY
THE JSAIST FRANCISCO UAML, |Fmffii^SJfimE^ 6, 190S.
5
1 1 San Francisco. Friday, 6 June. 1902.
I Metal bedstead, $13.50.
I . ' . ¦« If you can find a better bed for the money we
I don't want your money. I,ook at the design — better
a still, come in and look at the construction. Regulation
g double size. Two colors to choose from — olive green
3 and "dead" black.
1 The drapery store stock, as regards light summery
j . window hangings for country homes, is broad and
r capable. For instance, there are fifteen patterns in
t Nottingham lace curtains at $2.00 the pair. Close copies
of Arabian, Battenberg and Marie Antoinette patterns.
3 ' Third floor.
! Linoleum, 50c the square yard, laid. Seventeen
ij good up-to-date patterns, that usually command from 5c
? to 15c the yard more. Second floor.
3 (Successors to California Fdrniture Co.) ..
9 i 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
3 I - - . • . "' ¦"- ' 1 ¦"That some show of prosecution and some effort at
bringing the rascals to judgment will be made is of
course certain, but will the prosecution be made thor
ough and comprehensive, or will it be directed to a
scapegoat or, two who will be willing to bear the
brunt of the storm for the sake of shielding the
really guilty ones? When the revelations of corrup
tion were first made it ; was disclosed that the wrong
was done not merely by a few cheap rascals in office,
but by many very rich and. potent rascals' on the out
side who corrupted the officials and through that cor
ruption robbed the city. Some of the "best people,"
many "prominent citizens,"not a few "captains of in
dustry," quite a number of "enterprising business
men" and a lot of "eminent financiers" were found in
the woodpile when it was first overturned in search of
the proverbial "nigger. '[ /A good many of those gen
tlemen of light and leading left town -as soon as the
Those are strong words, but they are not the first
of the kind that have come from St. Louis since" the
first revelation was made of the bribery of city offi
cials for the purpose of obtaining from them a street
railway franchise. It is time for St. Louis to do some
thing more than to publish a story of her official
shame. The issue before her people is one of action.
The country hasbeen told often enough that the tax
payers have been robbed, that public franchises have
been sold, that municipal money has been wasted and
that the confidence and the interests of the people
have been betrayed by their representatives in office.
That which the country now wishes to know is what
St. Louis is going to do about it.
OUT of the investigation into the secrets of*the
past municipal "administration in * that city,
the St. Louis Grand Jury has brought to
light facts which lead it to say: "While there may
have been corruption in other cities as great as we
have had here, yet at no place in the world arid at no
time known to history has so much official corrup
tion been uncovered and the evidence shown so that
all could see and understand. These revelations have
been so appalling as to be almost beyond belief, and
it will be years before the extent of the discoveries is
fully realized."
THE ST. LOUIS ISSUE.
Californians in New York.
.^JEW YORK, June 5.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— -H. Meyers, at the
Sturtevant; W. Polk, at the Holland; W.
R. Burrell and LI Leonard, at the Cos
mopolitan; D. Dormadd, at the Hoffman;
D Stoney, at the Manhattan; F. W. Ten
wiciel; at the Herald Square..
From "Santa Barbara— Mrs. Daulton,
Mrs. J. Daulton and Miss Burke at the
Manhattan. - • .¦ • ¦
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— The follow
ing Californians registered here to-day:
At the Arlington— Mrs. Solita King of
San Francisco. At the. Willard— Mrs. P.
Dunne, Mrs. M. P. Huntington. J. S. Han
na, Dr. W. Anderson and Mrs. Anderson
of San Francisco. : .
Cal. glac»- fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'j.*
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Towksend**.'
• ,Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 639 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
. . ¦ • •¦: • — - — ¦ » »
' .Special- Information supplied .daily to
business houses and public: men by ths
Press Clipping/Bureau (Allen'sj, 230 Call.
icrnla street. Telephone Main 1043. *.
William Hood of the Southern Pacific
Company left last evening for an inspec
tion tour of the Central Pacific. He will
be gone about three weeks. -
E. Von JDermeder and Dr. Valentine,
delegated by the German Government to
study the labor 'situation in this country,
are at the Palace/ . ' •
\V. H. James, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is spending a few days in the
city and has made his headquarters at the
Lick. .
Col. John T. Harrington is down from
the Soldiers' Home at Colusa and has
made his headquarters at the Palace.
« F. A. Barr, who is interested in the erec
tion of a new hotel at Lake Tahoe, is at
the Palace. '.}'¦ .
J. Si, Childs, a Redding mining man,
is at the Palace accompanied by his wife.
W. P. Lynch of Oroville is at the Lick.
John J. Donnelly left for Nome yester
day.
S.' N. Griffith of Fresno is a guest at the
Lick.
Dr. A. M. Ritchie of Pacific Grove is at
the Grand.
W. H. HattoU, an attorney, of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
O. Y. Woodward of "Woodward's Island
is at the Grand. ,
E. P. Colgan, State. Controller, is regis
tered at the Lick.
J.' H. Edwards, a. cattle man of New
mans, is at the Lick. .
Ben U. Stelnman, ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
"W. E. Ger ber, Fish Commissioner and
banker of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
P? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific . Railway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and Stltes.. Idaho, there are xnod wagon roacU
to eHher "Warrens or Dixie, frcnv, which points
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER.
G. A.. 647 Market st.. S. P. . •
MANGE— R. R., Oakland. For mange
on dogs or other animals, sulphur oint
ment, carbolic washes, corrosive subli
mate, in weak solution, or a decoction of
tobacco or the green leaves of Indian poke
(Veratrum veride) are all useful applica
tions. The afflicted animal should be
kept alone, for the disease is contagious.
After the mites have been . destroyed by
the use of any of the above remdies, the
animal needs liberal feeding and some
mild tonic, like iron. A little copperas
dissolved in the drinking water is gener
ally sufficient.
The oo« great virtus of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract la purity. It's real vanilla extract & noth
ing but vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
-The decrease in the weight of the battery will of
itself bean immense gain, but another advantage is
said to lie in the rapidity with Which the new bat
tery can be charged. Altogether the promise {is a
most attractive one, for the success of such a battery
means- of course not only a great improvement in
automobiles, but also the« solution of the problem* of
running electric cars under all conditions without
the use of overhead wires. ¦'.. V 1
The showing is unquestionably good, but as it
takes more than one swallow to make a spring, so
it takes more than one test to prove that a new ma
chine is equal to all the demands that are going to
be made upon it. -Edison is quoted as saying that
in most of the storage batteries now in use lead is
used in a solution of acid, and as a consequence the
batteries are very heavy, weighing about 125 pounds
for each horsepower produced. He gets rid of the
weight by using lighter metals than lead, and says he
can- get one-horsepower for every 53.3 pounds of
weight. He expects to get the weight -'down to
forty pounds per horsepower in another battery ht
is now constructing. His expectation is that with
the lighter batteries it will be possible for, an auto
mobile to make 100 miles without recharging. ' ., :
, Edison himself believes the tests made have been
sufficient. He says: "I sent my two men, Bee and
Fleiss, out on the road and told them to run the
machine over some rough roads and tackle a few
bad hills. Well, they did it. They ran sixty-two
miles, took seventy-five hills, with grades ranging
from 2 to 12 per. cent, went through some big holes
and came back with 83 per cent of the speed they
went out with and the voltage . had only dropped
seven volts from the original twenty-nine. That was
fairly good, but it didn't, satisfy me. I told 'em to
go out again and they started on Monday, when the
roads were heavy from the rain. My "instructions
were to run the blamed machine until she stopped,
and they did eighty-five miles before she slowed
down."
An inventor with' a new machine is very much like
a woman with a new baby. Mr. Edison is a man of
eminence, and yet few people will put absolute re
liance upon his estimate, of his invention. •¦ It is, nat
ural he should deem it the greatest thing of the
kind on earth, but the public will wish to subject it
to the test of actual work before accepting it as a
complete solution of- the storage battery problem.
EDISON has repeated with additional details
his statement of a few days ago that he has
achieved the construction of a storage battery
which will greatly improve automobiles. He asserts
that his invention will give the machines a running
power which will enable them to make a long mile
age without renewal, will not require expensive
care, will not depreciate in use and will not weigh
more than the vehicle it propels. . In short, he is
guoted as saying: "It is now 1 up to the manufac
turers of automobiles to provide a cheap carriage. I
have solved the problem of an electric storage bat
tery which can be used for long distance work and
which will wear two or three automobiles out before
it succumbs itself."
EDISON'S NEW BATTERY.
POSITIONS FOR 5VOMEN-P., City.
Women are employed as clerks in the of
fice of the Surveyor General. They come
under civil service rules. They must be
proficient as stenographers and typewrit
ers. Women are employed as copyists in
the office of the City and County Record
er of San Francisco. Such are appointed
by the . Recorder.
PRINCE HENRY— Daisy. .Auburn, Cal.
This department cannot give any other
details of information relative to Prince
Henry's visit to this country and the dif
ferent banquets that were tendered him
than what appeared in the columns of The
Call during the months of February and
March. - • » .
ULSTER COUNTY GAZETTE—Sub
scriber, City. The Ulster County Gazette
of January 4, 1S0O, which you have had in
your possesion for twenty-two years Is
one of a million fac-similes of the original
issued in 1S63 and sold at that time at
25 cents a copy.
It is said that some of the Boers who have been
txiled may elect to come to the United States and
it is quite likely that many Cape Colonists who are
free to do so may seek an asylum here in preference
to enduring disfranchisement there. If so they will
be gladly welcomed. We cannot have too many im
migrants of their sort.
Americans are interested in the fact that when the
Boers and British broke out in song together they
sought as a means of expressing their feelings two
old American songs, "Hard Times Come Again No
More" and "Old Folks at Home."
The scenes after the treaty was signed furnish that
touch of nature without which the incident would
make less powerful appeal to the world's imagina
tion. The Boers dropped their austerity and the
British their reserve and there ensued a fraternal
mingling that makes the combined future of the two
more promising. There was no appearance of victor
and vanquished. The conqueror and the conquered
•did not appear. It was a free and cordial mingling of
men and equals. The pleasure was general and not
partial. What the Beers had lost in the field was
gained by their diplomacy, and what the British lost
in diplomacy they had gained in the field. There were
no illusions and no pretenses; Beyers and Botha,
Delarey and the giant De Wet were the equals of
Kitchener and Milner. There was no air of subjuga
tion about them.
We desire to repeat that the result is of distinct
benefit to the world. If Great Britain has been com
pelled by the emergencies of her situation to grant
terms that lower her prestige it is a warning 'to other
powers to avoid adventures and aggressions which
may put them under the same necessity. If the
Boers have saved their honor, as they have, and at
the same time secured terms favorable to their fu
ture, it is encouragement to all people who are at
tacked aggressively to sacrifice and endure until the
aggressor respects their power and dare not humili
ate them.
Great Britain may be sure of one thing: If her
terms and engagements in the treaty be faithfully
observed she has gained in the Boers a people of
whom any country may be proud. The exchange of
compliments after the treaty was much more than
a formality. It had the heartiness of sincerity. The
Boers would not be humiliated. During the con
ference they preserved their austere and distant and
independent demeanor and gave the true impression
of their reserve force and. unexhausted capacity to
fight for their rights as men and a community. The
knowledge on the part of the British members of
the conference that this was no pretense greatly aid
ed the conclusion of terms honorable to both parties.
THE closing scenes of the conference at Ve
reeniging are pieasanter reading than the
world has had from South Africa for a long
time. General Kitchener greatly redeemed his repu
tation by his conduct there and his praise of the great
deeds of the Boers in defense of their homes and
their independence. It is useless to say now that if
such a spirit had been earlier shown the world would
have been spared the pain of many things it will
gladly forget.
BOER AND BRITON.
CITY HALL, PHILADELPHIA— C. M-.
City. The height of the tower of the Cltjr
Hall of Philadelphia is 547 feet, and this
is surmounted by a statue of William
Penn thirty-five feet high, making a total
height of 584 feet above the pavement.
FRANCE'S GAIN— E. R. C, Oakdale.
Cal. France's gain in sending a warship
to Turkey .when there was an attempt to
evade the payment of a claim against that
country was that the claim was settled.
CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE—Sub
scriber. City. To communicate with the
Corresponding Architect College of Phil
adelphia, Pa., address a letter "to the sec
retary" of that institution.
PEOPLE'S BANK-A. O. S., City. This
department cannot ascertain when there
will be "another dividend to depositors of
the People's Home Savings Bank."
A QUARTER— Dally Reader, City.
From the stand of the coin collector, a
quarter of 1856 is worth "only its face
value.
ANSWERS-TO QUERIES.
FRIDAY JUNE 6, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor,
idireu All Commudtationi t» W. 8. LEAKS, Htntgsr.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL IIOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered ity Carrier*. 15 Cents Per Week
Single Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Including; Poatagret
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL flneludins Sunday). 6 months S.00
DAILT CALL Oncludlnir Sunday). S month* IJW
DAILY CALL — By Slncle Month <»e
KTJNDAY CALL. One T>ar 1-&0
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 100
All postmasters nre authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Earnple copies will be forwarded when requested.
tltl! .subscribers In ©rderlnc eharre of address should be
nartlcular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRKSS In order
to insure % prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAVD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GRORfiK JCROfiXKSS.
Kantgtr Foreign Advertising. Xarfvetta Bnililng. Cfcieaga
(Long DUtar.ce Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIU/TOS Herald Sqware
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEPBEX n. SMITH HO Tribune Balloons;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- ArtorJa. Hotel: A. Brentano. 81 . Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., X. W.
MORTOX E. CRAM:. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until »:S0 o'clock. SO0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C31
McAllister, rpen until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn. open urtil
B-.3O o" clock. 1&41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 0 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore, open until 9 p. m.
It is pleasant to read in this connection of the policy
of the Diamond Match Company, which has recently
acquired a tract of 50,000 acres of timber in this State
to be put under scientific forest management. That
company has also bought great tracts, of denuded
forest' land in New England and by replanting- it with
pine has now fine forests growing where 'a few years
ago the landscape was bare and forbidding. If others
who are taking over cur timber lands will administer,
them so as to make their forests perpetual their in
vestment in this State will be welcomed as in line
with our permanent prosperity.
California has the largest variety of valuable coni
fers found grouped together anywhere in the world.
On vast tracts in our mountains these have been ex
terminated by fire. There should be a large domes
tic market for seeds to. replace the forests that have
been sacrificed to greed and carelessness..
Their example should be. studied by our lawmakers.
When the owners of large timber tracts in this State
make Jntelligent rules for cutting and for protection
of the growing crop from fire, those rules may well
be enacted^into law for the control and compulsion of
the thoughtless and careless. More attention should
be paid to preserving the seeds of our valuable forest
trees for planting. It is not generally known . that
there is a great and profitable industry long in opera
tion irk this State which gathers the seeds of our valu
able conifers for sale in Europe, where they are used
in creating the -forests of the future,, on American
stock. . • • '
Now thepractical lumbermen are employing those
same scientific foresters to direct the cutting of their
treesand to preserve the forest-producing^capacity of
their timber tracts. The experience of Michigan,
Wisconsin and Minnesota in the complete destruc
tion of their pine forests, and conversion of the land
wftere they grew into infertile desert, has not been
lost even upon the men who profited by it. They are
now compelled to resort to the forests of the South
and to this coast for timber and lumber, and they
are rapidly falling into line with the policy of making
the timber crop permanent by care in harvesting and
replanting. . ' . .- .
THE t late J. Sterling Morton was the founder of
Arbor day, for the planting^ of trees. The
present advance in- American forestry and wide
spread public attention thereto are due directly to
his work of a lifetime to convince men "and Govern
ments of the influence of forests upon all the physical
and material interests of man. He was president of
the International Forestry Association and was
known all over the world as the foremost promoter of
forest planting and preservation. The beneficial
spread of .his ideas is now becoming apparent. 1 Not
long ago a scientific forester was regarded by prac
tical lumbermen as' a pernicious 'sort of crank, who
interfered with 1 the cbnversion of trees into timber
and lumber and ought ,to be suppressed. .
FORESTRY.
"Wiston's First Book" In Fisher Un
wln's first novel series has been such
a success that there has been a natural
curiosity as to the authorship. "Miles
Amber" was, of course, a "nom de
guerre." I am now led to understand it
stands for Mrs. Cobden Slckert, daugh
ter of Richard Cobden, whose mother, as
John Morley says in his biography, bore
the gracious name of Millicent Amber.
There was also a "Miles" In the Cobden
family.
Discussing this matter with particular
regard to novels, the Publisher's Circular
comes to the conclusion that with a few
exceptions the series of copyrighted
books in uniform bindings is doing badly.
How different from- what it used to be!
There was a time, and that not so long
ago, when a good addition to a good
series, or even an Indifferent - addition,
could command a definite advance In sub
scription. Now a novel is published on its
own account, and appears on the whole to
stand a better chance. The truth is be
lieved to be that the series was held out
to the public as a bait. When the baits
became too plentiful the public refused
to be caught.
The current number contains somo
beautiful prints which would be hard to
beat even in America. Take, for instance,
the full page reproductions in various
tints of "Repairing the Scythe," after
the painting by' Robert Steel; "Mater
Amabilis," from the painting by Edmond
Theodore Van Hove; "Polish Peasants,"
from the painting by Ferdinand AndrJ;
"A Vision of Valhalla," by Charles Rob
inson, and about half a dozen others.
They are all— the last named especially—
delightfully done. Then, as specimens of
American newspaper art work, the Studio.
devotes two full pages to reproductions
of the portrait of Alphonse Daudet, from
Carriere's portrait, and "The Germanic
in Drydock," both from the New York
Herald, as illustrating the excellence to
which this branch of newspaper work
has been brought by the Herald. ,
Is the series of library form of publica
tion played out?
Booksellers here report that the appall
ing disasters in the West Indies have
caused a very great demand for Bulwer
Iiytton's "Last Days of Pompeii." Sev
eral publishing houses are racing each
other to get out new issues to catch the
sales before the interest begins to wane.
A series of coronation Bibles, Intended
to commemorate the event, will be issued
by the Oxford University Press. They
vrill have portraits of the King and
Queen and other illustrations, and will bo
very daintily got up. Nor will they be
very expensive, and. In fact, are to t>a
Issued at prices to suit all purses, the
expectation being that the Bibles will be
largely used for presents at coronation
time. ,
Several years ago a great stir was made
in society circles by the publication of an
anonymous book entitled "The Silver
Domino." This was partly because it
treated of some English social and lit
erary lions with an air of Intimate frank
ness. There. Is now to be a reissue of the
book with new chapters, while the old
ones will be brought up to date. Thus a
popular writer, poet or society gentleman
gets lively guidance as to the coat3 of
arms he should adopt in case of his re
ceiving coronation honors. The author of
"The Silver Domino" remains anonymous.
Messrs. Lamley will publish a new edi- ¦
tion of Lord Ronaldshay's book of sport
and politics, "Under an Eastern Sky." It
Is cow nearly- ready. - He Is the eldest
surviving son of the Marquis of Zetland.
For his years— he Is only 25— he has trav
eled far. The Journey here described took
him across the Himalayas in winter, a
rrcst perilous undertaking. He shot ibex
and other big game In the Highlands of
Kashmir and came back to' England by
the overland route. He writes of the
scenery, men and manners, and of Eng
land and Russia in South and Central
Asia.
It is often remarked and admitted in
this country that England is far behind
the United States in the quality of Its art
printing. It is therefore a treat to turn
over the pages of a magazine like tht»
Studio. It is a publication really beauti
fully got up — one might almost conclude,
regardless of expense, as the saying is.
It is a work for lovers of art by artists
for artists, both professional and ama
teur. All the most recent developments
In etching and art engraving upon copper
plates have been utilized by the pro
ducers of the ' Studio. For its summer
number It Is going to make a greater ef
fort than ever and break all records in
the matter of art printing.
The Senate, passed the military acad
emy appropriation bill providing for ex
tensive improvements at "West Point.
Mitchell urged that unless the Nicar
agua route was" determined upon def
initely by Congress it would mean the in
definite postponement, and perhaps the ul
timate defeat of any canal legislation. He
insisted that the Nicaragua route was
entirely feasible and practicable, while the
Panama route involved difficulties which
were scarcely to be surmounted.
Hanna referred. to the seismic disturb
ances in the canal region, and suggested
that those disturbances ought to cause
the American Congress to pause and con
sider the suggested dangers seriously. He
referred to the maps arranged around the
walls of the 'chamber showing the num
ber of active and Inactive volcanoes In the
canal region, estimating that there were
more volcanoes In the neighborhood of
the Nicaragua route than that of the
Panama route. - He maintained that the
cost of the Nicaragua canal would be Im
mensely greater In point of construction
and operation . than the Panama canal,
and said ho was prepared to demonstrate
that the Nicaragua canal could not be op
erated at night. Mr. . Hanna said that
in many respects the same conditions ap
plied to both the Nicaragua and Panama
routes.
Seldom has a Senator been accorded a
more attentive hearing than that given
to Hanna. The Panama route he consid
ered much to be preferred to the Nicar
agua, as It provided an lnteroceanid wa
terway much shorter, and one that could
be traversed at a less expense. than the
Nicaragua route.
WASHINGTON, June 5.-In further
consideration of the Isthmian canal pro
ject the Senate heard two speeches to
day, neither of which was completed.
Hanna of Ohio spoke in favor of ..he
Spooner amendment conferring on the
President authority to purchase the
rights of the Panama Canal Company -f a
title could be obtained, otherwise he shall
decide upon the Nicaragua route. Mitch
ell of Oregon supported the Hepburn bill
for the construction of the canal^by the
Nicaragua route. •*•»
. When the President concluded he -re
turned to the White House with his party,
the Marine Band playing "The S tar-
Spangled Banner" as they left the thea
ter. . Commissioner McFarlahd then made
the formal address of welcome in behalf
of the citizens of the capital, and Dr. Ad
ams delivered an address in behalf of the
medical profession. Numerous other ad
dresses were made, interspersed with
music by the Marine Band. The pa"t
riotic airs of the band were heartily
cheered by the. audience. . .-;' . .
I welcome you here. I am glad to have the
chance of seeing you and wish to say a word
of congratulation to you upon this association.
All our modern life we have found it absolutely"
indispensable to supplement the work of the in
dividual by the work of individuals gathered
into an association. Without this work of the
association you cannot give the highest ex
pression to . the Individual endeavor, and It
would be a great misfortune if the military
members of the surgical and medical profes
sions did not take every advantage of. their
opportunities in the same way that is taken
by the members of the medical and
surgical professions who are not in the
army or the navy or the marine hos
pital service, but who are in civil life outside.
I am glad to see you, gathered In this associa
tion, and just one word of warning. Perfect
yourselves as scientific men, able to work with
the best and most delicate apparatus, and never
for one moment forget especially the higher
officers among: you,, that In time of need you
will have to do your work with the scantiest
poslble apparatus (laughter and applause),
and that then your usefulness will be propor
tioned; hot upon the adequacy of the complaint
that you did not have apparatus enough, but
upon the way you have done with what you
have. (Loud applause.) Remember that, and
remember also (this applies especially to the
higher officers) that you have got to supple
ment in your calling the work of the surgeon
with the work [ of the administrator. (Ap
plause.) Tou have got to be doctors and mili
tary men. and able administrators. I thank
you.
ONE WORD OF WARNING.
- It has been ray good fortune, gentlemen,
to see your body at work In the field, %p see
them carrying the wounded and dying from
the line, themselves as much exposed to danger
as those they were rescuing, and to see them
working day and night in the field hospitals
afterwards, when even the* intensity of the
strain could hardly keep them awake, so fagged
out were they by having each to do the work
of ten. (Applause.)
Mr. President, Ladles and Gentlemen: I am
glad to have the opportunity to bid welcome to
the members of this association and their
friends to-day. The men of this association
combine two professions, 'each of. which is
rightfully held in high honor by all capable
of appreciating the real work of men — the pro
fession of the soldier and the profession of the
doctor. Conditions in modern civilization tend
more and more to make the average life of the
community one of great softness, of great ease,
compared to what has been ' the case in the
past, and, gentlemen, together with all the ad
vantages that have come from this softening
of life, this rendering it more easy, there are
certain attendant "disadvantages also. It is a
very necessary thing that there should be some
professions, some trades where the same de
mands are made now as have been made in
the past upon the heroic qualities in a man,
and these demands are made alike upon the
soldier, and upon the doctor, and how much
more upon those who are both soldiers and
doctors; uport the men who have continually
to face all the responsibilities and all_ the risk
faced by their brothers in the civilian branch
of the profession, and who also in time of war
must face the same risks, often exactly the
same risks, that are faced by their brothers in
arms whose training is to kill and not to cure.
(Laughter and applause.)
BIBS MEMBEKS WELCOME.
When • the President and party arrived
the Marine Band, under Director Sentel
man, struck up "Hail to the Chief," and
the audience responded with vigorous ap
plause. "Bishop Satterlee delivered the
invocation, and Major Henderson then in
troduced the President, who spoke as fol
lows: ' ' , '
WASHINGTON, June 5.— Before an as
semblage that crowded the National The
ater President Roosevelt to-day opened
•the eleventh annual convention , of the
Association of Military Surgeons^of the
United States. On the stage with the
President! were Secretary Moody, Secre
tary Root,, Secretary Shaw, General
Sternberg of the army, Surgeon General
Rixey of. the navy, Surgeon General Wy
man of the Marine Hospital service; Pres
ident H. B. McFarland of the Board of
Commissioners of District of Columbia;
Rfght Rev. Henry Satterlee, Bishop of the
Washington diocese of the Episcopal
Church; President S. S. Adams of the
Medical Society 6f the District of Colum
bia, and Major George Henderson, sur
general of the National Guard of the Dis
trict of Columbia and- chairman of the
committee on arrangements.
Suppression of testimony is always resented. The
people demand- the- confidence, of those who serve
them, and it is wise counsel to advise that all appear
ance of withholding it be avoided.
With Weir's report is also divulged the indorse
ment of Captain West, who, after investigation, says
that the charges are true. '
It may be said, also, that the people were not favor
ably impressed by the appearance of anxiety on the
part of some members of the Senate Philippine Com
mittee to suppress testimony. It is the judgment of
the best friends, of the administration that the mi
nority on that committee should have been just as
free in calling witnesses as the majority. The many
refusals of such freedom enable the Democrats to go
before the people and accuse the RepUblicaris'of sup
pressing evidence upon the most important subject
that is now in focus. The very appearance of such
suppression should be avoided. In the hands; of art
ful men that which is suppressed takes 'on ; propor
tions that it would not have if it were frankly re-,
vealed. Party leaders should not forget that senti
ment is a swinging pendulum. It may be at one en
treme of the arc to-day, but it does not rest there.
All the forces on. earth cannot hold it still.' The War
Department may prove that Miles went at midnight
to the War Department, disguised in a" Icing coat and
false whiskers, and opened a desk with a skeleton
key to get the Weir report and 'make it public, but
that will only momentarily divert public attention
from the main question: Is the Weir report true?
Were men stripped naked and beaten, with clubs;
were they hung. . up by' the thumbs; were ' they
dragged after galloping horses by a rope tied around
their necks; were these Apache tactics pursued by
American officers, under the American flag; by
authority held in the name of the American people?
The people of this country expect in the future to
live at- peace with the islanders as an impinged peo
ple, connected with us but not of us, or they expect
to permit them to be independent' and in friendly alli
ance with us. In either case it is necessary that we
teach them that our civilization is not a fair weather
article, but is warranted to stand every test and
wear well under every provocation. It is already in
evidence that we have shot prisoners. The excuses
for General Smith's order that all people over ten
years of age be shot do not meet with popular ap
proval. The American people do not indorsa the
military policy of punishing the chief men of a vil
lage because others in the same village have turned
to marauding. They will not vote against the admin
istration because they disapprove these things, but
they will refuse support to any administration that
conceals facts from them and treats them -as un
worthy of its confidence. This is the great danger
that lies in the whole matter. It will not be averted
-by proving that the Weir report leaked out of the
office of General Miles. The issue is, why should
such a report have to leak out at all? Why was it
not given out freely?
The President has frankly declared that violators
of the rules of civilized warfare in the Philippines will
be' punished.. It is openly admitted that -our forces
have punished with great and extreme severity Fili
pinos who have been guilty of such acts, but how can
we claim the right to do this if our own troops, in
even a single case, are guilty of the same acts and go
unpunished?
WE hope that the , Government at Washing
ton will not spend too much time trying to
find out how Private A. K. Weir's charges
against Lieutenant Arnold leaked out of the War
Department, for that is a matter in which the coun
try feels but little interest: It is unfortunate that
certain Senators and others, who seem to feel respon
sible for the safety of the administration, have met
too many revelations of irregularity in the Philippines'
by denial and counter accusation, and - their final
proof, as most of them have been proved, by excuses
and palliation/ The enemy that we fight in the Phil
ippines is distant. Events there are but little affected
by what takes place here. There is no perceptible
military reason for concealment of such reports as
Major Gardiner's and v Private Weir's! Their con
cealment or publicity can have no effect on the Phil
ippines, and it is a task of great difficulty to convince
the American people that things done or alleged to
be done under their flag and in their name must be
hidden in the War Department on the enemy's ac
count. The long delay in making public the report
of Major Gardiner had a bad effect on public opinion
and the people do not care whether Weir's report
leaked out of the office of Miles or Corbin, but they
do care to know why they are esteemed unfit to know
all the facts, and the alleged facts, for which they are
made responsible, or for which they are to be ex
cused.
H ANNA FAVORS
PANAMA ROUTE
FOR THE CANAL
ARMY SURGEONS
IN CONVENTION
AT WASHINGTON
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
Of course no other American city can point with
scorn at St. Louis or revile the futility of her grand
juries with their reports that bewail but indict not.
The issue is one on which she will have more of sym
pathy than, of mockery. No^other city in the country
may have' fared so badly, but all of them have been
through the mire. If,' then, it be true that St. Louis
has suffered more than others, she has a chance to
ledeem herself by being more resolute and more suc
cessful in cleaning' her skirts and punishing the guilty.
disclosures were made; some went for health, some
for pleasure, some for business, and doubtless some
went for the coronation. It would-be difficult . and
perhaps impossible to gather in all the scattered clan,
but if St. Louis be in: earnest she might catch enough
of them to start" a Penitentiary - Four Hundred- and
teach a better lesson than can ever be taught by
Grand Jury reports. -
WAR DEPARTMENT SECRETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 7 CALL, FRIDAY, JUKE 6, 1902.
There is one complaint of the rural delivery sys
tem that no one looked for. It Is said the birds have
taken to building nests in the letter boxes.
It would be a graceful thing now for the British
to invite Kruger to the coronation and give him a
Now that the war is over in South Africa King
Edward should make up with Salisbury. There ought
to be peace in the palace as well as in the country.
It will be remembered that some time ago it was 1
announced that President Roosevelt would take the
stump and make several speeches during the fall cam
paign, but the report comes from Washington that
the President has denied the story. Perhaps he is not
altogether satisfied with what Congress is doing and
doesn't know whether he will support it any more
than it supports him. • ' .•
6
Call mxfcsertbers eontemplatimc a change of
rmldence during: the summer months can have
their paper (orivarded by mail to their neir
addresses bjr notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also l>e on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all town" on the coast.
TO SDESCEIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOE THE SUMMER.
. I A San Franciscan I
I One Hundred and 1
I Two Days in a |
¦ South African Jail. I
n The most interesting story ol the Boer [|
U war yet published. ||
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
- * . ¦/
WHERE TO GO CAMPING. THE SWELL LADIES WEAR PIO
Beginning of a series of camping TURE HATS WITH DECOLLETE
stories, with illustrations. GOWNS.
THE VISITING SHRINERS. WHO Fin<J oot who fcey *™ in next
ARE THEY? Sunday's CalL
See next Sunday's CalL j^ OLDEST ADOBE HOUSE .
TOMMY ATKINS. WHO IS SHE: HQV £
STORY OF THE LOST DUTCHMAN MARKETED IN CALIFORNIA
MINE, v
. A thrilling story of the West 0 THE WOLFVILLE STORIES
FULL.PAGE POSTER BY J. A. CA. BY iaOTD "^ LEWIS '
HILL. FASHIONS, HCTION AND HUMAN
Get this sure. Best yet published. INTEREST STORIES.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE SECTION CONTAINS MORE WESTcRN
STORIES THAN ALL OTHER SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY PAPERS COMBLNBDYosemite Via' the Santa Fe.
The quickest and most convenient way In
an4 out of the Yosemlto Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave Ean Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemlte to-morrow at 6 p. m. . :
Call at Santa Fe ticket offlce, 641 Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. ¦ . - • . . •
Drainage for Islais Creek.
The Board of Works yesterday directed
Secretary. Park to transmit to the Board
of Supervisors the recommendation made
by the City Engineer that certain tenders
made by property owners for real estate
to be used fo drainage purposes for Is-
Ial3 Creek be accepted.
The case of Charles Wallenstein,
charged with obtaining money by false
pretenses, was dismissed by Judge Ca
banlss yesterday. He waa accused of rep
resenting himself to Low Lin, a Chinese
merchant on Washington street, as a
revenue officer and obtaining from him
$140 on the promise to get Low Lin's
brother, who had arrived from Victoria,
B. C, landed without trouble. The broth
er had not arrived from Victoria or any
where else. There was no corroborative
evidence, and the Judge had to dismiss
the case. v \ . ¦ .
Wallenstein Gets His Freedom.
We trust that the Mayor will save the prom
ised 10 Der cent for Dermanent Improvements
and also $100,000 additional by eliminating the
unnecessary employes mentioned in the party
platforms. ¦
Our only hope Is that the Mayor will care
fully scrutinize the amounts appropriated In
the budget and by- his veto privilege curtail
the salary roll of many of the toDheavy and
wasteful departments. We are satisfied that If
the Mayor uses the pruning process he will
easily save $500,000, and by so doing will con
form to his pledge to }he voters and ¦ taxpay
ers, as exDressed through the Union Labor
party platform and made from the rostrum
prior to the election.
In the desire to please the taxeaters the
Democratic and Union Labor Supervisors for
got their ante-election pledges. The Demo
cratic, Suoervisora throueh their party plat
form subscribed to a pledge to set aDart- 10
per cent of the taxes raised by the city for
permanent "Improvements. The Union Labor
Supervisors through their party platform sub
scribed to a similar pledge, and further, that
they would save $100,000 by eliminating un
necessary municipal -tmaloyes and use the
$100,000 so saved tor Dermanent improvements.
None of the pledged Supervisors made any
effort to keep faith with the voters, and tax
payers. Why are these pledges sof lightly re
carded? Ie it because of the patronage that
the city officials are allowed In certain muni
cipal deuartments? Such are the statements
we read in the press on the day following tho
passing of the budget.
Gentlemen: The budget as passed to print Is
a sore disappointment to the taxpayers. They
had. hoped that their interests and the Inter
ests of the city would receive better considera
tion than has been shown by the Board of Su
pervisors' through the budget. The fact that
nearly $C.UOO.C(JO is allowed for salaries and
maintenance and but $100,000 for improve
ments, and that to come from a possible sur
plus, BhDws plainly, as the press reports stated,
that the appeals of the army of taxeaters were
given the preference. Appeals for increased
salaries from every deuariment were .freely
granted, while scant if any. consideration was
given to the urgent needs of our sewers, streets
and other improvements advocated by improve
ment clubs and individual taxpayers.
At a meeting of the Federation of Mis
sion Improvement Clubs, held last
Wednesday night, the following communi
cation was ordered sent to Mayor Schmitz
and the Board of Supervisors:
Miss Ames was attired, in white chiffon
over peau de soie, with point lace trim
mings, and wore a lace veil. She carried
a shower bouquet of Lilies of the Valley.
Miss Guinette Henley was the maid of
honor. ¦ She was gowned in pink chiffon
overceau de sole of the- same shade. The
groom was supported by Charles Fernald
of San Francisco. The ribbon-bearers
were Barclay Henley Jr., Roy Pike, Mil
ton Latham and Sidney • Pringle. The
couple left on the afternoon train for' a
wedding to.ur, after which they will re
side in San Francisco, ". .
The wedding breakfast which followed
took place on the lawn in front of the
residence. The lawn had been covered
with green boughs and formed a unique
retreat wherein to serve the feast. Clam
bering rose vines were intertwined with
the greenery, and^ the tables were spread
in a veritable rose bower. The table dec
orations were Duchesse roses.
SANTA ROSA, June 5.— Miss Dorothy
Ames, daughter of Mr., and Mrs. Charles
Gardner Ames of this city, became the
bride of Samuel Francis Pond, son of for
mer Mayor Pond of San Francisco, at
noon to-day. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. William Martin at
the residence of the bride's parents on
Sonoma : avenue. The guests numbered
about 150 and Included representatives of
society in San Francisco and elsewhere.
The parlors of the residence were decor
ated with La France roses and potted
plants, and the couple stood under a largo
marriage bell of roses.
Miss Ames and Samuel Pond.
WED UNDEB A BELL OF ROSES
Society Folk Gather at Nuptials of
Mrs. D. C. Barber, wife of Dr. D. C
Barber, a prominent physician of Los An
geles, accompanied by Master Barber, Is
on a visit to this city. They are stopping
with Mrs. Barber's mother, Mrs. W H
Yates, at 3029 California street.
Prince and Princess Poniatowski Mr
and Mrs. Joseph S. Tobin and Mr! and
Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. are making sev
eral days' stop at Highlands while tour
ing the county in their tally-ho coach.
Mrs. Eugene Lent and her mother, Mrs.
Wells, are at San Mateo.-
Mrs. George Sperry and daughter Elsie
Sperry, left yesterday for their summer
home at Alta.
Mr. and Mrs. James Otis left for Eu
rope Wednesday.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin and
Peter Martin arrived from the East
Wednesday.
Mrs. Henry "Weatherby will leave for
the Tosemite on the 21st, accompanied by
Lieutenant Kipp and his mother, Mrs.
Martin and daughter and Joe Rosborough.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn-havo
announced the engagement of Miss May
Greenham. daughter of the late Frederick
Greenham, and David Dalzlel of Glasgow
Scotland. The wedding, which is to be a
family affair, will take place June 17, at
noon.
• • • I,
Miss Dorothy Kelleher, daughter of Ma
jor Kelleher, paymaster U. S. A., "Wash
ington, D. C, entertained a party of
friends on board the army tug McDowell
Monday afternoon., They visited all the
places of interest on the bay and upon
reaching Angel Island were i pleasant
ly entertained at the home of Dr. Guit
tard. Those present were: Miss Dorothy
Kelleher, Mrs. Redmond, Miss Henrietta
Redmond, Mrs. Kelleher, Mrs. Reeser,
Miss M. Cecelia Donaldson, Miss Irene
Guittard; and Milner Reeser and Joseph
F. Donaldson.
daughter, Miss Rose Newmark, have
departed for their home at Los
Angeles, having spent several weeks
in this city, where they have been
extensively entertained. Miss Newmark's
engagement to Albert Sutro, a prominent
attorney of San Francisco, was recently
announced.
On Sunday, June 29, the letter carriers
will hold their annual picnic at Schuetzen
Park. There will be 500 gate and game'
prizes, headed by a sewing machine val
ued at $70. The proceeds of the picnic will
be used for the aid of the sick and death
fund of the association.
Letter Carriers' Picnic
The Mystic Shriners "have bought out
Fischer's Theater for next "Wednesday
night's performance, and they will attend
in a body to laugh at "Fiddle Dee Dee."
The house will be handsomely decorated
for the occasion in the Shriners' colors.
Will Enjoy the Play.
Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs
Takes Action.
Ernest Cahlll, a machinist apprentice, 18
years of age, was arrested by Detectives
Ryan and O'Dea last evening as he was
riding down Market street on a stolen bi
cycle. Investigation developed the" fact
that he had stolen two other bicycles,
which were later recovered in a pawn
shop on Eighth street. ¦ ¦
Bicycle Thief Arrested.
J. P. Booth, George B. McCIellan, Charles
Boxton. Sam Davis. E. G. Dennlston, Guy
Lathrop. Thomas Westoby, W. H. Goff, Henry
Olson, M. W. Coffee, Rev. Dr. M. S. Levy,
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, I. W. Hellman Jr..
Rev. T. Caraher. K. L. Wagner. Geonfe R.
Wells, H. M. Kelly, Max Popper. Horace Davis,
Charles Sommerlad, E. R. Pease, Joseph Sll
verberg:. A. Sbarboro, Bruce Cornwall and W.
A. Desboroush. - .
Mayor Schmitz yesterday appointed the
following committee to take charge of
the^Fourth of July celebration:
Fourth, of July Committee.
The bride was charming in a bridal
gown of white silk grenadine over taf
feta, with garniture of real lace. The
lor.g tulle veil was fastened in the hair
was one of the prettiest of the
season. The church, very artistic In it
eelf, did not permit a great deal of ad
ditional decoration, but a suitable num
ber of palms and white roses were ar
ranged in excellent taste. About - 150
friends gathered to witness the cere
mony, which •was performed by Rev. Dr.
Adams of the First Congregational
Church.
THE wedding of Miss Florence
Julia Doane and Charles H. Far
rell last evening at the Sweden
borgian church on Lyon street
The attendance at the forty-third con
cert of the McKenzle Musical Society,
which was held in Odd Fellows' Hall last
evening, was very. large. An excellent
programme was rendered under the direc
tion of J. W. McKenzie. Songs were sung
by Master Donald Cameron, Olive Reed,
Sidney Hunn, Eugenia Breltengross, Lily
Laws, Gertrude O'Neil and others.
Musical Society Concert.
BUDGET PROVES
DISAPPOINTING
An 'entertainment and dance were given
last evening by the St. Alban's Club at
Golden Gate Hall. There was a large at
tendance and a miscellaneous programme,
consisting of vocal and instrumental mu
sic and humorous story-telling, was ad
mirably arranged and rendered. A farce
entitled "Chums" was played with rare
judgment by Carrie Jones, Marie Haber
ton, J. Morris, J. Hayden Stevenson and
B. A. Goldberg. • •
St. Alban's Club Entertainment.
Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Newmark and
Members of the Unity Club and their
friends enjoyed a dramatic entertainment
and dance Wednesday evening at Gold
en Gate Hall in honor of the birthday of
their president. Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills.
About 200 guests were most enjoyably en
tertained. Miss Curtis, principal of th»
California School of Oratory, arranged
the programme, which consisted of selec
tions by Lachenbach's orchestra, readings
by Miss Lillian Qulnn, violin solos by Hu
bert R. Hill and eongs by Miss Grace
Frances Nutting. Dancing followed the
programme and continued until a late
hour. The social committee comprised
Messrs. Kase. Hubbell, Volght. Sanborn
Thornton Mills and Captain Pinder; MesI
dames Denver, Marx, Pinney, ( Reichert
Hatch and Hoeber. There will be no
Wednesday sessions of the Unity Club
until September. Dr. Mills will give lec
tures on the 8th and 15th of this month
and will then discontinue them until the
middle of August.
Miss Mary Donohue and Thomas Kim
ball Code were quietly married Wednesday
afternoon at the home of the bride's
mother, 2210 Jones street. The wedding
guests included only relatives owing -to a
recent death in the family. Rev. Father
Caraher of St. Francis Church officiated.
Tho bride was handsomely gowned in
cream crepe de chine over pink taffeta
and carried a bouquet of Bride roses. Mr.
and Mrs. Code will enjoy a wedding trip
of two months, after which they will re
side at Dean, Nev., where the groom is
employed as a mining engineer. Mr. Code
is a Stanford graduate and Is also widely
known in athletic circles.
St. Mary's Cathedral was crowded to tho
doors Wednesday afternoon, when Miss
Grace LIppincott became the bride of Al
bert Auger, a young business man of this
city. Rev. Father Prendergast officiated.
The bride was attended by Miss Lillian
Boynton. Melvin de Lyon acted as best
man. The church was elaborately deco
rated with flowers, red roses and ferns
predominating. The bride was beautiful
and charming and was attired in pearl
crepe de chine over white silk. Her bou
quet was Bride roses. Miss Boynton's
gown was green silk. She wore a green
and white hat and carried Bridesmaid
roses. Mr. and Mrs. Auger left on their
wedding trip yesterday evening. After a
month's visit in Portland they will reside
at 813 Geary street, this city.
Mrs. J. Dalzell Brown, accompanied by
Master Tom Brown and Miss Isabelle
Sherwood of Alameda, left yesterday by
the overland limited for an extended
Eastern tour. The party will make a
lengthy stay at Halifax, Nova Scotia,
and will visit the principal Canadian cit
ies before returning to California.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mary Van Vranken, niece of the late C.
P. Huntlngton, and Dr. C. F. Miller.
The wedding will take place In the fall.
The bride-elect is matron at the South
ern Pacific Hospital, where Dr. Miller
was formerly a physician. Both have
many friends in this city. ' The prospec
tive groom Is one of the most brilliant
of the rising young doctors of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Ptarl Landers, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John Landers, 2522 Octavia street,
and Harry Scott, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry T. Scott. Miss Landers is one
of the most popular debutantes of last
season, and many friends are showering
good wishes upon her. The wedding day
has not been fixed.
Mrs. Henry Nichols entertained a party
of friends at the Monday Euchre Club
on Monday last. Among the guests were:
Miss Violet Whitney, Mrs. Edward Hale
Campbell. Miss Viva Nicholson, Mids
Emma Mahony. Miss Florence Starr,
Mrs. Thomas Pheby, Miss Crellin, Miss
Lilie Downey, Mrs. Walter Henry, MIsa
Mary Barker and Mrs. Henry.
Mrs. Hyde Smith gave a dinner at San
Mateo at the beginning of the week.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
R. P. Schwerin, Mr. and Mrs. Henry T.
Scott, Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Hobart
and Henry P. Bowie.
The bride's newly married sister, Mrs.
Albert Smith, was matron of honor, and
wore.white duchess satin. Her bouquet
was bride roses. Miss Charlotte Saw
yer and Miss Katie O'Connor were
bridesmaids, and wore white organdie.
The bridesmaids' bouquets were pink
and white sweet peas. After a wedding
trip south Mr. and Mrs. Albertson will
reside in Healdsbure.
Miss Jessie Sawyer and Oliver Vivian
Albertson of Healdsburg were the prin
cipals in a pretty home wedding yester
day afternoon at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Saw
yer, 2935 Jackson street. Rev. Philip
Coombe officiated. The bride was hand
somely gowned in white crepe de chine
over silk, with pearl garniture. Her bou
quet was orange blossoms and lilies of
the valley, while her tulle veil was held
with orange blossoms.
A pretty home wedding occurred yes
terday afternoon, at the residence of
Captain and Mrs. F. R. Pryor, 660 Brod
erick street, when their handsome daugh
ter. Miss .Florence Jean Pjy^r, bwame
tfie~brlde or .Charles" WT Conllsk". ~TfT5
ceremony was performed by Rev. "Wil
liam. Carson Shaw, an old college chum
of the groom. Mr. Conlisk is a mem
ber of the highest degree of Masonry
and a prominent business man, being
cashier of A. P. Hotaling & Co. Mr. and
Mrs. Conlisk will visit Catalina Island on
their wedding trip, and upon their return
will reside at 1100 Page street, this city.
Mr. Farrell is well known as editor of
the Dramatic Review and a member of
the firm of Lombard & Co., publishers.
He was formerly a newspaper man in
Los Angeles. The bride is a talented
soprano, and has for some time been a
soloist at Howard Presbyterian Church.
The wedding was followed by a recep
tion to a few intimate friends at the
residence of the bride's parents, 230
Clayton street, where the drawing-rooms
were prettily decorated in pink and
white sweet peas and foliage. Later in
the" evening Mr. and Mrs. Farrell de
parted on their wedding trip, expecting
to return in two weeks, when they will
reside in this cify.
with orange blossoms. "White sweet peas
formed the bride's bouquet. Miss Amy
Gunn acted as maid of honor, and was
gowned in pink. She carried Cecil Bru
ner roses. Little Irene Bibb and Helen
Gilbert were gowned in pink and acted
as flower girls. Mrs. W. G. Doane, th-3
bride's mother, was attired in black sat
in, with garniture of turquoise blue. The
ushers were Charles H. Lombard and
Lewis A. Allen. W. . F. Hook, organist
of Howard Presbyterian Church, provid
ed the music. /
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Thomas A. Davis from Emily Da
vis>for desertion; T. W. Alexander from
R. G. Alexander for failure to provide,
and Prudence Ceser^ from Miguel Cesena
for cruelty.
Mildred A. McDonald brought a suit yes
terday for the annulment of her marriage
to Frank H. McDenald, alleging that at
the time she married him he had another
wife living.
Anna C. Watkins, who. was married to
Rufus A. Watkins at San Jose in April,
1900, brought a suit for divorce yesterday
on the ground of failure to provide and
desertion.
Judge Hebbard took the case under sub
mission, ordering Captain Salmond to pay
his wife $50 a month until the suit is de
cided.
Salmond when placed on the stand de
nied the truth of every charge made by
his wife, and his testimony was ably sup
ported by that of the witnesses summon
ed in his behalf.
Mrs. Salmond testified also that she
took care of her husband while he was
suffering from, smallpox, and that during
a period of two years Salmond re
mained idle as a result of his sickness
and it cost her $6500 for her faithfulness
to him,
' Mrs. Salmond testified yesterday that
she had been ill-treated and her testimony
was corroborated by Fred Burr, her son;
Mrs. H. M. Barr, her mother, and P. O.
Dock, a roomer at the home of the mar
iner and his wife. '
The facts brought out by the examina
tion of the witnesses show the existence
of much hilarity f.t the domicile of the
Salmonds. According to Mrs. Salmond,
her husband has beaten and abused her,
thrown a tea pot at her and disturbed
her peace of mind by hurling his pipe in
her direction. • r
The inquiry into the domestic affairs of
Captain Colin Salmond and Mary E. Sal
mond was resumed in Judge Hebbard's
court yesterday. Many witnesses told of
the differences existing between the mar
iner and his spouse. One set of witnesses
branded Captain Salmond as a fiend in
carnate, and another placed hlm.i on -a
pedestal and made him out a rna/tyr to
woman's Jealousy and petty passions. The
captain's friends told of how well : he
treated his wife, and his wife's friends
told of how he abused her. Strange to re
late, the attorneys for the litigants failed,
despite strenuous efforts, to prove untrue
the testimony .of any of the witnesses.'/
Many "Witnesses Corroborate
Testimony of Both
Litiganta
Captain Salmond Says
He x Never Beat or
* Abused Her.
DENIES CHARGES
MADE BY SPOUSE
THE SAN IRANGISCO; CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
Miss Florence Doane Becomes Mrs. C H. Farrell.
Dr. Millar and Miss Mary Van Vranken
Are Engaged.
POPULAR CHURCH SOPRANO
WEDS A LOCAL JOURNALIST
r ELJ>KNO\VN BUSINESS MAN
AND YOUNG WOMAN WHO YES
TERDAY BECAME HIS BRIDE.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
w~—A y attsuc/muu
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK,
MATIXEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Successful Melodrama — THE
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
See the thrilling dive for a life.... A world of
- v novelties Wholesome comedy.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES, including LIT-
TLE REYNA BELASCO. the Marvels
ous Child Dancer.
PDirCC EVENINGS 10c to' 50c
I ft it TO MATINEES .' 10c. 15c. 25o
NEXT WEEK— "A GUILTY MOTHER."
ALL THIS WEEK.
A NEW CHARM.
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY. \
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c and 50c. !
MR. JAMBS NEILL
" And the NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhursfs New and Suc-
cessful Romantic Comedy,
THE RED KNIGHT.
Next Sunday Night — Dion Bouclcaulfs Charm-
. • ing Racine Play,
"THE JILT."
SEATS READY.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY AT
.- 2 SHARP!
¦ .HAS CAPTIVATED THE TOWN!
The Magnificent Production of
THE
Toy-Maker!
PERFECT CAST! NEW SONGS! FUNNY
TOY SHOP SCENE!
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. 50c and 75c
. - . Telephone Bush 0.
AfH EAT R rr4 >
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
WM. H. CRANE'S COMEDY SUCCESS.
HIS WIFE^S FATHER
NEXT MONDAY, June 9.
Inauguration of Fifth Annual Season
MIjSS FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Great Play,
"ZAZA." \
Seats now selling two weeks In advance.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.
DOOLEY AND FOWLEY: MLLE. LAUK-
ELLE: LUELLA MONTAGUE"S EDU-
CATED CATS: THE TWO LAMONTS-
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE; • BACON AND
VANE AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
The Litil3 Lake Shorelailway Now Running
SEE BEAUPRE, the Tallest Man on Earth.
Admission .10c Children... 5c
. Phone for Seats — Park 23.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A. CLEANLY AfcE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline
Toward Sanitation and Preventives.
Nowadays scientists believe that in
cleanliness HeB the secret of prevention of
diseases. • - -
To prevent a disease, remove the cause.
Just as unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed dan-
druff. Improper use of another's brushes
combs, etc., will surely cause dandruff,'
bald'nea e ' / just as BU rely cause
It's microbic infection, nothing more
nor less. • '•¦•¦¦¦• ... ¦
Newbro's Herpicide kills the dandruff
germ and causes hair to grow luxuriantly.
Herplcide is absolutely free from- grease
or other injurious substaaces.
P/llflrf* Desirable* location.
1U1UVW unsurpassed cuisine,
.j ; u nequal e d ser-
'flflfl vice and modern
U11U conveniences arc the
~ j attributes, that have
* IT 1*51 fin made these two ho-
M 1 a II U : tels ' popular ; with
. y tourists and travcl-
H fit Pi C ers who visit San
UU ICla Francisco.
TJMTTED STATES BBANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool and
London and Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1901, and for
the rear ending on that day. as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
630 and Cll of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
I ASSETS.
Real Es-tate owned by Company.. $1,S65,S33 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 3,009,050 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds on-rted by Company.. 3,323,345 83
Ca?h In Company's Office 2,725 10
Cash in Banks 827,278 25
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 188 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 35,659 77
Premiums in due Ctourse of Collec-
tion J. 1,141,385 12
Rent6 due and accrued 10,000 00
Due for P. P. Premiums 925 00
Total Assets $ 10, 316,391 02
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,978 39
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 503,910 65
Losfces resitted, including: expenses 72,025 00
C?ro5B premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $4,-
073,757 92; relrisufance at 50 per
cer.t 2,036.878 9C
Grots premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$4,023,501 79; reinsurance, pro
rata 2.266.907 26
Amount reclalmable by the in-
sured on Perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policfes 315.914 19
Liability under Life Department. 81.303 88
Commission cue 178,875 52
AU other Liabilities 253.4S0 06 !
Total Liabilities $5.716.274 Sl
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $5,502,416 51
Received for interest on Bonds
and mortpases 13L406 72
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans,
end from all other sources 90,546 92
Received from all other sources.. 96.447 S3
Total Income $5,820,867 68
EXPENDITURES. S f ~
ICet amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $469,901 38, losses of
previous years) $3,7C9,548 67
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 024,924 72
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, «tc. 344.S80 35
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 153.245 81
All ether payments and expendi-
tures 853,324 16
Total Expenditures $5,551,823 71
r?is?ks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
N<"t amount of Risks
written during the
year i$S54,C06,S04|$8.193,861 84
yet amount of Risks
expired during the
year 783.98C.0S7 7.130,981 17
*Crt amount In force
December 31. 1001. 911.S28.314 8.097.259 61
HY TV. EATON, Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT, Deputy Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January. 1902.
W. H. WILDEY,
Notary Publlc
Pacffic Deportment
422 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Secretary.
C. MASON KINNE,
Assistant Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS. !
GINGERY VAUDEVILLE!
Le Roy & Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy and
Slater, and the Biograph. Last
times of Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two- Little
Fucks, and Lotta Gladstone.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c: Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 60c.
COMING— SUNDAY /
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL MYSTERY OF THE
DAY.
VUlLUmfliA LEADING THEATRf
*LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
KATHRYN KIDDER
In L. Du- Pont Syle's Adaptation of Dumas'
FRANCILLON.
Last Time Saturday Night. . :
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
HENRY MARGARET-
MILLER ANGLIN
And a Special Company in A. W. Plnero's
—TRELAWNY OF THE WELLS."
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS. . -
. ' • 4 .¦¦-¦.-':
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.'
: LAST. THREE NIGHTS OF
.America's Youngest Star '
MAUDE FEALYi
In the Madison Square Theater Success
"MY LADY DAINTY"
By Madeline Lucette Ryley.
I POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 26c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK..... ...... "MISS HOBBS."
Fischer's Theater.
Three ~~ KOLB, w
of a DiLL,
Kind! BERNARD!
„ AND THERE ARE NONE BETTER.
And there Is AMBER, GALLICK and
BLAKE, HERMSEN and such a bunch - of
gems in our great chorus.
' - . -AU .in the only .
'^FIDDLE DEE DEE"
,The time is 'drawing near. These- are the
"FAREWELL" WEEKS, so don't delay if you
want to see it. ¦• . - -
BASEBALL.
• CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES. '
THURSDAY AND SATURDAY. 3:15 P. M.'
FRIDAY, 10:30 A. M.. 2:S0 P. M.
¦ SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO vs: SACRAMENTO.
v RECREATION PARK. J . -
;¦'. ¦ • Eighth and Harrison' sts.- • - ;
Advance Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton st.' .-
SUTRO BATHS,
; OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A.M. TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from 7 a., m. -to 10:30kd. m
-- ~ • 'ADMISSION.'. 10c: CHILDREN.- 5c. '
Bathlne. - Including admission. 25c ; Children 20c.
OCEAIT TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j§^- a Steamers leave San ITran-
"ES^,-- Cisco aa follows:
KElS^Si: For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Esa^^S*- Skaguay, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
• m.. June 5, 10. 15, 20, 23. 30.
: B^>.'Ka\al July 5. Change to copipany'*
I r»SVzQf"^^4 steamers at Seattle.
; ***^^^3Ss3il For Victoria, Vancouver.
V" port Tov-nsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom—
II a m Jnna 5 10, 13, 20. 25. 30, July 5.
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Lula Oblspo). Ventnra, Hueneme and 'Newport
l '^oo 8 ta Eay! 7 » a- m.. Jnn. 7. IS. 23. J«t, 1.
Bonlta. 9 a. m-. June 8. ,
For Ensenada, Maedalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Aitata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia.
Guay^nas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For farther information obtain folaer.
Right is reserved to change eteamers or ¦ail-
TICroKT OTTTCE — * New Montgomery.
¦treet (Palaee Hotel).
C. I>. DtTNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL, PERKTNS 4 C(X. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at. San Francisco.
O. R.-St N- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to Alt
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, aS
LOWEST aHUOk-TailS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 2. 12. 22. July 3
S3. QEO. W. ELDER SAILS.. June It. 11. 2X
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D«W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong*y, S. F,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMEK3 "WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling ac
Kobe (HIoko). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received oa board oa day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MART7 «,
Friday. Jun» 6. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 23, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 24. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Kor
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
, W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Centra]
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA June 7ITTJCAPEI. ....July 19
AREQUIPA ...June 27IGUATEMALA .Aug. 9
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger offlce. 31C California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIB & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceafflcs.s.co.isii",
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.. „
Sunday. June 9. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu^ M
Saturday. June 21, 2 p. m.
I. B. SPBECms & B20S. CO., General Ajts., 329 Mar'cc
Ben'l Pasi Offlce. 643 Maim St. Pier Hi 7. Pacific sl
COMPAONIE 6EHEBALI TBAN3ATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j^m-.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead otJttJ}&3%
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. >•«' iKTffli
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. S\ FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all . Ratload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN UNE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Louis. June 11. lOaintSt. Paul.. June 23, 10am
Phlla ....June IS. 10am! St. Louis. July 2. 10am
KKU STAR ia.NE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Freesland.June ll.nooniVaderland Juno21,noon
8outhwrk..June lS,noon|Kroonlnd..June 28,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAME3S.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJO.
Steamere GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare SO
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Tending and
offlce. pier 2, Mission-street' dock. HATCH
BRO3-.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THBJ
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 **°rktt.
•'/¦'¦¦« THE EMPOBITTM. '-'':}. \ ': \, ; THE EMP0BIX7M. ' ' | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
$ Special Sale of see ovr **77?+ * S? 0 # • Porto Rico Best Creamery : 5
J Fabric Gloves. Special . °*»J ! f Buffer To-Day 35c. %
-£ Friday only, 250 pain Women's Jersey Writ "Ads" in W^^^y^^S^t/MM^yL/Ayd^d^/l^ „ ' ¦ Don>t miss our Buttcr Sa!e to-day. •*
* fast black LUieGiovevin a n , iie$ , the regu- illll iTllll ? T^i Zmiifnunf f +'¦+' +V*~**X~- **™L*™ The very best Crcamcrjr Butter that JS
tf lar 15c quality; for sale per pair . . . 17c * 5aiurua y California s LARr.rsT- M _ rf[Tr «.^^^— g.^ Q,j ars ' .'
g Glove Counter-Rotund,.,- - ; ;. PapcrsX .,) GRANDEST STORE; 3 lOF 25c. 3SO 5
* H" M . /.. Battenherg and Renaissance Pieces. „ „ r „ [ e of „, :5
ifM Clothing A Manufacturer's Sample Line. Otrtm!, Cuilery, Etc. $
It IK' *^5v ' &2&§6* ' About. 200 pieces of hand-made Battenbcrg and Renaissance Squares, Scarfs, handsome 3«
*f : *9*fmm%2. : Pillow Sharris and Table Covers, in iu'ly 50 different designs, including x^ n ,i $f > ¦ u,\^t\y^,'.^p^% 3-piece
J? . lilfcv fk • F*nm%4S wtwaac lorne exquisite effects that have not before been offered for sale here^/go on special sale Friday /r ¦* >-/ steel Jp
$ W^ms %Jf " nunueSa only *t zbout one.th'rd off regular price?. ¦ carvbg « £
%S H===sa3<y\ This is the best, bar- * 55c Pieces 37G $i.*o Pieces $1.OO I2.40 Pieces $1.6O $3-75 ?»«« $2.50 .TWr- -"L^— =s*^ ton fe, Jgj
I ¦•^ ta *«:'-a««-i fcs ::is§ ?::?!» ffcSS &~ - %%¦:& -its..- %%Sk ¦—,*—— ¦--*--¦.¦ ••¦-¦ s
ft M \ n town to-day. Con- * - ****** * ¦• - * >g '^-*. **¦*• *?**•*** _*> _, «>«*««>»*¦ «ji naT Y house usej grand for camping purposes; J*
J . vince yourself of the . . . packed in neat box; to-<Iay instead -^^ jf
* l -^T^^) ab30lute truth of this Two \Oay S ' sale Ladies' Belts. tZ&S'S!?. *! '. \ \ *. ' / . foo $
5 tatemcnt . by P ersonal A Manufacturer's Sample Line. Km T es and Forks, pai, . ...... .too £
£ s =^^ kBy lUD investigation. •-. ¦ AU ' 1 j- » * 1 t>~i White Enameled Plates . ..... . IOo "5
5 s J w . -- . • ., About 500 ladirs new style Bills, -^^ K ~— "*\ White Enameled Cups IDc «
$ yTl co T 'Jr 1 *' m K nCW % thc balance of a prominent manu- / X^NV V White Enameled Sauced . .... . iQ O \
*? ' s> I, A corr ect styles, each garment r .¦ ¦ , , ¦ .- . . ¦ r- , ..V >v « l ». *»*• £»« •
tf Ik /perfectly tailored: the. ma- fccturer's sample line, just the NCIZl^^V^a^ V ? c * ",:*.••• ' 2So 2^*2^ S
% If A tsr!als fwhionabie- tweeds, belt, that you want to war with shirt N^^OI^^SrM C * m? Sto ™» "" $2.5» *
5C J^illlW "ss'msres, serges and fancy waists. The assortment inc'udes Pattnt -J*^-S~^j-r^,Y . -¦ / m m% __* a ' •
* WSHSmWlW wcrst!ds ; coats built with Leather,- Sral, Morocco, -Ribbon and '' j^^^-J^^^^jy^^ MUSlO UepartmSntm
*' W$iM'fl III I II lhosc st y lish fcr0Jd shoulders Ve v - ct BeIts> in man y fanc y sh *P c$ and /0^^**^^^** Ji^^* < %^BV-^^ Specials for Friday a x
1° Wif if I ' and sha P s - retainin 8 (ronts 5 a ¦«? at var '" 7 of or ' 5amentat:on - : Britt PC >^^>j^>i Brairurd's Ragtime Folio-Published »t 75c, £
X Him /'/ // ' sul « w °«h$io.oo, $ia. S 6 made, to sell at from 25c . to $i.oo N^v^^ \^Ty on sale Friday 430 X
i° W/'l II I '" and some ° f them >'5-°o; . each -Fnday and Saturday only, : f The Leo FeUt Mandolin and Guitar Folios— X
i£ V lill I on sale now, for alim-.ted q_ fQf» 2?Q/» \S1«^ Containbg arrangements of the latest songs
i I III' 11 time>at $67 2S.fi *** Um V and instrumental music. {
*•" / till- II ' ' ' ' »T** W First Mandolin Part — Regularly 45c; special. . Jt
$ "I fill I Youtv Long Pants suis Veiliit^B at Less Than Half. I •¦"• •••• •••••-, •• • t3 9 x 5
» I V II II —For ap-ra t ¦? tn in vMn ' ' - . ' •' ' Second Mandolin Part — Regularly *?c; special "2
K ////// // tor ages 13 to 19 years, 2OO3 yard? 1 8-inch all-silk Tuxedo Mesh Veiling, in silk chenUle spot or plain, more 6 T 5 ' fo *
* A Ml I 5 W oo »"? fe? M c^" TtT b v :' WhitC 3nd SCa!OnabIC COl ° r \ WOr£h T Fri l aJ * G^ PartL^^^ •« i«iai. [ '. Ml %
&'WM" ' H this sale.. 6 $ Silk Tuxedtt Pattern Vei J— 150 dozen, most becoming meshes, with silk chenille ~jm Piano Part— Regularly 50c; special. .- . 27 O \
' vlllll // ' 63' ' s P ot and or(^ cr t 35c and 50c. values, b'ack only; Friday; each . . . •npf* .
& : 1 ' x I ; Boys- 3-Piecr Vest suits £ npcisai &s»Bt* nf fZnlf ft an* tAc Liquors, Friday m $
tf I I -For ages 9 to 15 years, Of IxOif 3*3/93 If Cm Jesse Moore AA Whisky— The genuine; Fri- *
*» l| S coats either single or double Wfi9//©**S* JaclfCfS -Well made Golf Caps, plain colors, mixtures or day T>nly, bottle 8O0 %
j^ \\\ breasted, suits worth $6.00 .-,.-, " * fancy plaids; sizes 6}£ to 6j£; worth jjm Hock White Wine — Extra Sonoma; gallon 45O X
j£ \^<^^^-~~-_ anc^ J7-S°j during this s5*^**&2 Waiters Jackets — 25c; on sale Friday and Saturday. . l^rG Domestic Porter — Equal to imported; dozea .'C
X «^3§§5gfc^ sae. . .. B j_-* gM'j gcoi qualty cloth; : \ ; — . SisOO j*
K .... &5a4h5 I vjfjn well-made and nicely n g* a« /ia Champion Whisky — Old reliable brand; Friday jg
$ ~ — — "— ¦ I i||.X^-*J finished; lates't style BetTy &B.U&* only, gallon $2.40 X
*> bpeGMal Sale Of , fflJsfeffSJffV^ "* out: -bought by- ni at 100 only xr^X^ ' ABCBeer— Fn'day, pints, dozen. $1.4O •*
* Photographic Supplies. (WV^^ a ; r U p-e; «f th esc »^» R«»0t Beer-Carbonated; Friday, 3 bot- %
I %fe7^sj^.ik f^feBK't'^.s &%jjr^^ I^P^^^iMi
*. Emporium Developing Outfit - Containing t JRfn/]f A $*.*< for; on .ale some quality; gallon .75© «J
y everything necessary for developing and Vj / Iff-—' % S j at the big store Fri- triple-plate Berry Spoon. (1847 Roger j - ¦ ; f. ¦¦;*. jf
«f printing, regularly $1.50; on sale Friday V^. 1 and Saturday, Bros.), 6 different style* of tancy handles, C*lder s Dentine— *5e :»ze. tSO X
h only. .... . . ..$1.09 XS ' ei ' ch _ _ put op in pretty satin-lined box, tftf n — Lamberts Lweruie-Jx. 00 vze . . . 65O J
% 4%x*X Mounts, Friday, dozen . , . . 5q ' • ' . .... $lmM0 Regularly $1.50; sale to-day . &iaU& Lambert s Skin Soap— 15c size, 3 cakes 40O XUnited .. States Coast and- Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
' Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
June 5. 1902.
, The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. • .
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Sailed June 5 — Stmr Commonwealth, for Bos
ton.
NAPLES — Arrived June 6 — Stmr Aller. from
New York, for Genoa. J0^
HAVRE — Arrived June 5 — Stmr La Savole,
from New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed June 5— Stmr Nederland.
for Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jung 5— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York; stmr Rhynland, for Phil
adelphia; both from Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 5 — Stmr Nu
mldlan. from Montreal; stmr • Westernland,
from Philadelphia. June 4— Stmr Ivernia. from
Boston.
NEW YORK — Sailed June 6 — Stmr Grosser
Kerfurst; for Bremen: stmr Columbia, ¦ for
Hamburg: stmr L'Aquitaine. for Havre.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 3 — Br ship Tor
rldon, from Ore.on.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed June 3 — Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for San Francisco.
SAN BENITO — Sailed June 3— Ger stmr Pen
taur, for San Francisco.
FRIDAY, JUNE 6.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets 7 :20
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides- of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The "heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus w f — >
rJgn precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
REVENUE CUTTER . "WHICH
WAS OBLIGES TO RETURN
TO PORT.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 6.
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, Victoria and Port
Towrsend.
Stmr Del Norte. Green. San Pedro.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San
Diego.
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, .
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmith.
Br stmr Cymbeline. Smyth, Portland.
Bark W B Flint. Johnson, Makeweli.
Bktn Makaweli. Nlelson, Eureka and Mel
bourne.
Bktn Arago. Genberg, WillaDa.
Bktn J M Griffith. Arey, Port Hadlock.
Schr Bella. Janssen, Siuslaw River.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Coos Bay.
Schr Jennie Stella, Taylor, Grays Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Prien. Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Mary C, Camobell, Bodega.
Schr Newark. Nielsen. Stewarts .Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 5, 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 13 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 6^-Stmr Ruth,
from Redondo; schr Corona, from Ballard;
stmr Bonita, hence June 3.
Sailed June 5 — Schr Mabel Gray; stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka; schr Volunteer, for Willapa
Harbor; bark Vidette; brig Tanner, for Port
Townsend; schr Albert Meyer, for Whatcom;
stmrs Santa Barbara and Bonita, for San
Francisco.
CASPAR — Arrived June 4 — Stmr Samoa,
henre June 3.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 4 — Stmr Na
tional City, for Redondo.
UMPQUA RIVER — Sailed June 4 — Schr
Sadie, for San Pedro.
TACOMA — Arrived June 5 — Schr Marlon,
hence May 23; ship Emily F Whitney, hence
May IS: bark Coloma, from Callao; stmr Eu
reka, from Honolulu; stmr Valencia, from Se
attle; stmr Chas Nelson, from New Whatcom;
stmr Farallon, from Skagway.
PORT TOWNSEND — In straits June 5 — Russ
bark Ocean, from Brisbane; bktn Charles F
Crocker, hence May 17. for Puget Sound.
Arrived June 5 — Ship James Drummond,
hence May 21, for Seattle.
Arrived June 5 — Russ bark Ocean, from
Brisbane.
Sailed June 5 — Schr Lottie Bennett, for Puget
Sound; Ger bark Vlsurgls, for "Valparaiso;
bark Levi G Burgess, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed in June 5 — Shia James
Drummons. hence May 21, for Seattle; Br stmr
Duke of Fife, from Hongkong.
PORTLAND — Arrived June 0 — Stmr Lakme,
from San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June , C — Stmr Edith,
hence June 5; stmr Grace Dollar, hence
May 31.
Sailed June 4 — Stmr City of Seattle, for
Skagway; stmr City of Topeka, for Skat: way.
PORT KENYON — Sailed June 4,' 6:30 p m —
.Stmr Arsro, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived June' 4 — Schr Bertie
Minor, from Kahului; schr Azalea, from San
Pedro; stmr Eureka, hence May 3.
Sailed June 4 — Schr. Ida McKay, for San
Francisco. .
Arrived June 5 — Stmrs Aliance and Brook
lyn, hence June 3.
Sailed. June 5 — Stmr Cella, for San Fran
cisco.
REDONDO — Sailed June 5 — Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 5— Stmr
Alcatraz, for San Francisco.' . .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 5— Schr F M
Slade, for Shanghai; stmr G C Lindauer, for
San Francisco. .
TILLAMOOK — Arrived June 5 — Stmr South
Coast, from Coos Bay.
Sailed June S — Stmrs W H Kruger and
Homer, for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed June 5. 8 a m—
Stmr National City, from Fort Bragg, for San
Pedro.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 5-^-Br ship Lord
Templetown, from Hamburg.
. FOREIGN PORTS.
BARROW— In port May 6— Br ship Allerton,
for Astoria. • ¦ •
LONDON — In port May 15— Br ship Peng
wern, for Vancouver 1 .
CORONEL — Arrived June 3 — Br stmr Hazel
Branch, - from Tyne, for Chile and San Fran
cisco.
COLON — Sailed June 3 — Stmr Allianca, for
New York.
Arrived June 3 — Stmr Finance, from New
York.
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 2— Br ship Glen
rlcht,. for Hamburg.
HAVRE— Sailed May 31— Ger ship Schwarz
enbek, for Santa Rcsalia.
Loses Her Topmast.
The steamship Umatllla lost her fore top-
Will Hold Exercises.
The commencement exercises of the
Humboldt evening high school will be
held at Odd Fellows* Hall this evening.
The programme will be under the direc
tion of Principal Lawrence J. Taafe.
The river steamer Monticello is being con
verted into an oil burner and Hatch Brothers
expect their smart excursion boat to be several
knots faster with the new fuel.
A New Oil Burner.
The tramp steamship Arab, which Is lying
in the stream, lost one of her anchors yester
day morning through the breaking of the ring
to which the cable was secured.
Loses Her Anchor.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed June 2— Br ship
Brambletye, for Oreeon. '
PANAMA— Sailed June 3— Stmr Leelanaw,
Cor San Francisco.
EDDYSTONE — Passed June 2 — Ger ship Als
ter, from Tacoma, for Antwerp.
BARROW— In port May 20— Br ship Aller
ton, for Vancouver.
HULL — In port May 20— Br ship Pegasus,
for San Francisco.
SWANSEA — In port May 22— Fr bark Ed
mond Rostand, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP — Arrived June 2 — Nor stmr Ma
thilda, from Tacoma. - -• —
Sailed June 5 — Fr bark MacMahon, for Ean
Francisco.
BRISTOL — Arrived June 4— Nor stmr Horda,
from Tacoma.
DUBLIN — Arrived June 3 — Br bark Eu
phrates, fiom Tacoma.
LIMERICK — Arrived June 4-^Br shin Latl
mer, from Oregon. • ' -
A young man supposed to be A. B. Gilman
of Milton, Cal., fell overboard from the
Stockton steamer Mary Garratt about 9 o'clock
on Wednesday night and was drowned. The
accident occurred when the steamer was pass
ing Disappointment Slough. Gilman. who is
said to have been drinking, was leaning over
the rail. He lost his balance and although
every effort was made to recover the body, no
trace of it was found. From his conversation
when he boarded the steamer It is thought he
was interested in horses.
Drowned From Mary Garratt.
Chief "Wittman got a statement from
Guillaume and charges were preferred
against Peters before the Police Commis
sioners. The case was called last Tuea
day night at the meeting of the board,
but was continued for a week, as Peters
desired to make every effort to find Guil
laume.
PETEBS' ACCUSES TAKES
BEFTJGE HX FLIGHT
Mich«l Guillaume and Mary Dubois
Have Left tha City for the
East.
"When the case of Mary Dubola, charged
¦with vagrancy, was called In Judga
Fritz's court yesterday afternoon the de
fendant failed to appear and her bail of
$50 was declared forfeited. She was one
of the women in Bacon place arrested by
Policeman Cleveland Peters.
It was during the trial of Michel Guil
laume, charged with vagrancy, that At
torney "Van Nostrand asserted that Po
liceman Peters had arrested the defend
ant because he had refused to give the
officer any further contributions for pro
tecting the -woman, Mary Duboia. Guil
laume' s case was called last Tuesday and
continued till Saturday, when his bail
will also be forfeited, as both ne and the
woman have gone Cast.
The loss of mew^iandise by theft from Mis-
Eion-street wharf No. 1 has grown to such
alanr.ing proportions that the shipping con
cerns leasing berths there have combined to
stop the leak. During the past two years the
losses from theft from the various berths on
this dock fceve averaged In the aggregate more
than $400 a month. All ordinary precautions
have proved of no avail. The shipping people
Interested believe the majority of the thefts
have been committed by an organized gang of
pirates who work by night and by day and
take away their spoil generally by boat. A
day watchman has been stationed at the en
trance to the wharf and hereafter only those
en business intent will be allowed to enter the
ched, and at night another watchman armed
*uid elert will keep the preserve clear of
prowlers and closely watch all boats having
communication with the dock. The day watch
man detected a man on Wednesday afternoon
in the act of leaving the dock with & fifty
pound box of tobacco under his arm. The man
was arrested and will be tried to-day.
Pirates on Mission No. 1.
The tTmatilla's Cargo.
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general merchandise cargo,
valued at $13,043. to be landed at the leading
British Columbian cities. Among the prin
cipal exports were the following:
262 cs canned goods, 4 bales dry goods. 15
cylinders sras. 72 ukgs naints and oils, 52 pkgs
hardware, 120 pkgs groceries and provisions,
100 tins matches. 372 lbs and 2 cs manufac
tured tobacco, 13 cs arms and ammunition, 17
pkgs drugs, 1430 lbs millstuffs, 408 lbs
coffee, 706 pkgs fresh fruits, 255 pkg c
fresh vegetables, 1754 lbs beans, 3541 lbs
cheese, 63 pkgs paste. 20 ska plaster, 2000 lbs
lead, 2000 lbs chocolate, 1 bale leather, 750
lbs hoiis, 1 cs hats, 50 cs fuse. 2 horses, 132
sks onions, 3010 lbs and &0 bxs raisins. 35,045
lbs malt. 230 gals wine, 3. bales overalls, 4
bdls wire, 895 lbs shrimps, 5850 lbs dried
fruits, :>ol0 Its grease. ?39 lbs hams and ba
oon, 17 bdls steel, 2124 lbs butter, 46 sks pota
toes, 30,005 lbs salt, 2 pkgs machinery.
Exports to H^waiia.'f^Tslands.
The bark W. B. Flint sailed yesterday for
Makaweli, Hawaiian Islands, with an assorted
merchandise cargo valued at $27,0S3. The foi
iowing were the principal shipments:
100 bbis lour, 5055 lbs bread, 1200 lbs mlll
stuffs, 9104 lbs corn. 130 ctls wheat. 82 ctls
oats, 295,006- lbs rolled barley, 13t>,744 lbs
bran, 22,590 lbs millstuffs, 2S34 lbs beans, 100
lbs r-eas, 217 pkgs hardware, 41 pkgs steel, 190
bxs candles, 600 lbs lard, 472 lbs starch, 640
lbs chocolate, 756 lbs cheese, 100 cs soap,
94 sacks coal, 600 cases powder, 4 cases
caps and fuse, 18 pkgs wagon material, 3
boats, M sewing machines, 50 pkgs pipe, 299
bdls iron. 500 bells shingles, 19 bdls shooks,.
151!* railroad ties, 20 bales netting, 1 bale
twine. 15 pkgs paints and oils. 540 bales hay,
64 coils rone. 2 cs drugs, 200 lbs and 3 cs tec
fcacco, 15 cs dry goods, IS cs boots and shoes,
4890 ft lumber, 300 lbs raisins, 700 lbs dried
fruit, 150 lbs hops, 850 lbs ham, 40 ctls pota
toes, 14 pkgs candy. 3500 bales salt, 200 cs coal
oil, 416 cs assorted canned goods, 30 cs and 5
bbls salmon, 85 pkgs groceries and provisions,
25 hogs, 52 chickens and 1 lamb.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, June 5.
Stmr Navarro. Devitt. 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson. 50 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendociro. etc.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 65 hours from
Santa Cruz.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. 61 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, .40 hours from
San Die^o.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 24 hours from Port
Kenyon.
Stmr Despatch, Levinson, 61 hours from
£an Pedro.
Stmr Redwood City, Moe, 10 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Bktn Retriever. Sloan, 9 days from Port
Hadlock.
Sehr Emma Claudina, Mikkelson, 60 hours
from Eureka.
Schr Ida A,' Campbell, S hours from Point
Reyes.
CLEARED
Thursday, June 5.
Btmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Towr.send; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tellus, Pedersen, Ladysmith; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br stmr Cymbeline, Smyth, Portland: E
Llchtenberc.
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, Makaweli; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Fr bark Olivier de Clisson, Bernard, Queens
town; Balfour, Guthrie & Co. <
RETURNED.
Thursday, June 5.
U S stmr Commodore Perry, Failing, hence
June 3, for Seattle, on account of vessel leak
ing.
The French bark Olivier de Clisson was
cleared yesterday for Queenstown for orders
with 67.031 ctls wheat, valued at J70.0S5, and
20,000 ft lumber as dunnaffe. valued at ?300,
A Wheat Clearance.
Shipping Merchants.
The Bchooner North Bend will load merchan
dise at this port for Apia, Samoa.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
TO SAIL.
THE United States revenue cutter
Ferry, which, left here on Tues
day for Seattle, sprung a leak
when about 100 miles north of
this port, and was compelled to
return. She arrived early yesterday
morning: with all hands worn out from
a long spell of bailing, the cutter's pumps
having proved useless.
The Perry started north in the face o*
a Jiead wind, which was accompanied by
more or less of a sea. The strain proved
too much for the revenue boat, and
somewhere in the bones, exactly where
has not yet been located, her seams open
ed to the pressure of the sea. Water
poured in, and when the fact that she
was leaking" was discovered there was
nearly five feet of -water In the forward
hold. The alarm was given, and all
hands turned to and rigged the pumps.
That is all that was done with the
pumps. They refused to work, and as
the newly discovered tide continued 10
rise a bucket brigade was organized. The
vessel continued to buck into head seas,
and the impression made on the water
by the hand-bailing process was hardly
noticeable. Captain Failing then de
cided to return to San Francisco. With
wind and sea astern, the pressure was
taken off the forward seams, and grad
ually the water was bailed out. The leak
inp: continued, however, and the bailing
was kept up until the Perry dropped
off Sausalito. The water destroy
ed a large amount of stores, mostly ra
tions belonging to the crew, and the cut
ter will have to be placed on a drydock
before the location and extent of the
leak can be established. This will be done
to-day, and will probably reveal the ne
cessity for considerable overhauling. The
fixing of the responsibilty for the condi
tion of the pumps will be the work of
a board of inquiry, which will probably
be ordered without delay. The fact that
the cutter was allowed to start on a long
cruise with the pumps in unserviceable
condition suggests carelessness which
will entitle somebody to a warm session
on the grill of the Treasury Department.
mast on Wednesday afternoon as the result ot
fouling it with the Mission-street wharf coal
bunkers;
REVENUE CUTTER PERRY'S SEAMS OPEN AND SHE IS COMPELLED TO PUT BACK TO PORT
jEfi SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, eTtTKifl 6, iaO2 j
i NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the ¦ city front ¦ (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
8
t) - Time Time Time Time
P J Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
» L.W H W L W H W
6 6:25—1.2 12:37 T7 5:00 2.8 11:10 0.0
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01 2.9
H W L-W H W L. W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03—1.0 2:19 S.O 7:00 2.9
9 1:00 5.5 7:54—0.7 3:08 5.1 8:09 3.0
10 2:00 5.1 8:45^0.2 3:57 5.3 0:21 2.9
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:411 5.5!l0:37 2.6
12 14:20 4.3 10:301 0.915:321 5.6111:501 2.2
Steamer.
Frora.
I Due.
Peking China & Japan I June 6
Palena Valparaiso & "Way Ports) June fi
R. Dollar. . . . San Pydro June 6
Iaqua San Pedro June 6
Cres. City Crescent City ...'. Juno 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....June 6
Eureka Humboldt June 6
S.Portland.. Hadlock June 6
Phoenix Mendodno June 6
S.Barbara... San Pedro ..". June 7
San Pedro Santa Barbara June 7
Brooklyn Point Arena ...•....".... June 7
Coronado Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. | June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt I June 7
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor June 8
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 8
Argyll....... New York via Panama. June 8
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports'. June 8
S.Monica Humboldt June 9
Pcmona ...... Humboldt June 8
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June S
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria June t
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June £
Lakme Astoria & Portland June 11
Rainier Whatcom June 11
Qveen ! Puget Sound Ports June 11
Point Arena, .j Point Arena June 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June IS
G. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay.... (San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Hathor I Seattle June 13
Steamer.
For.
Sai
s.
Valencia..... Nome June T
Bertha. : Cooks Inlet & "Way Ports June 1
Indiana Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Dclphln Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
Dirlgo Bkagway & "Way Ports. June 11
NcmeClty... Nome City June 12
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & Valdez .... June 12
Spokane Skagway & "Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 18
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Jnne 8. •
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
lad'Ja Humboldt 1 pm!PI»r a
AmerMaru China & Japan ... 1 pmlPMSS
Serapls Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmlPler 27
Pomona Huinboldt 1 :."0 pi Pier 11
Arso Eel River Ports ... 4 pmlPler 2
June T. I
Arcata I Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 amiPler 13
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pter 2
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pmlPler 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am! Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ' 2 pmiPier :l
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ...|12 m|Pier 2
G. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland.lll am Pier 2*
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am! Pier 11
Jane S. I
Phoenix 'Merdocino City 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... , Humboldt ....." 9 amiPier 1U
S. Eosa.... I San Diejro & Way. 9 am! Pier 11
Jnne O. i
Palena j Valparaiso & Way. 12 mJPIer 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 amIPier 7
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Jnne 10.
Albion Kiv. pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jane 11.
Pleiades jf. T. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Mamlalay.. Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
June 12.
Statical... San Dieso & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson. . Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Sierra Svdney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier T
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jnne 14.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 15.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 16.
Alliance Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 16
Gaelic
G. W. Elder. .
Newburg
Pentaur. «.;...'
Umatllla
Santa Cruz...
Alamedp.
China & Japan June 1»
Portland & Astoria June U
• Grays Harbor June 14
¦ I Hamburg & West Coa3t. June 15
. IPuget Found Ports |June 1«
• I Newport & Way Ports. [June 16
iHonolulu IJune 17
t) - Time Time Time Time
P J Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
» L.W H W L W H W
6 6:25—1.2 12:37 T7 5:00 2.8 11:10 0.0
7 6:13—1.2 1:28 4.8 6:01 2.9
H W L-W H W L. W
8 0:01 5.7 7:03—1.0 2:19 S.O 7:00 2.9
9 1:00 5.5 7:54—0.7 3:08 5.1 8:09 3.0
10 2:00 5.1 8:45^0.2 3:57 5.3 0:21 2.9
11 3:07 4.7 9:37 0.3 4:411 5.5!l0:37 2.6
12 14:20 4.3 10:301 0.915:321 5.6111:501 2.2
Steamer.
Frora.
I Due.
Peking China & Japan I June 6
Palena Valparaiso & "Way Ports) June fi
R. Dollar. . . . San Pydro June 6
Iaqua San Pedro June 6
Cres. City Crescent City ...'. Juno 6
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....June 6
Eureka Humboldt June 6
S.Portland.. Hadlock June 6
Phoenix Mendodno June 6
S.Barbara... San Pedro ..". June 7
San Pedro Santa Barbara June 7
Brooklyn Point Arena ...•....".... June 7
Coronado Grays Harbor June 7
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . . June 7
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. | June 7
North Fork.. Humboldt I June 7
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor June 8
Mandalay.... Coquille River June 8
Argyll....... New York via Panama. June 8
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports'. June 8
S.Monica Humboldt June 9
Pcmona ...... Humboldt June 8
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma ....June S
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria June t
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June £
Lakme Astoria & Portland June 11
Rainier Whatcom June 11
Qveen ! Puget Sound Ports June 11
Point Arena, .j Point Arena June 12
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June IS
G. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor June 12
Coos Bay.... (San Pedro & Way Ports June 12
Hathor I Seattle June 13
Steamer.
For.
Sai
s.
Valencia..... Nome June T
Bertha. : Cooks Inlet & "Way Ports June 1
Indiana Nome & St. Michael.... June 1
Dclphln Skagway & Way Ports. June 8
Dirlgo Bkagway & "Way Ports. June 11
NcmeClty... Nome City June 12
Santa Ana. . . Skagway & Valdez .... June 12
Spokane Skagway & "Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. June 18
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
Jnne 8. •
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
lad'Ja Humboldt 1 pm!PI»r a
AmerMaru China & Japan ... 1 pmlPMSS
Serapls Hamburg & Way.. 2 pmlPler 27
Pomona Huinboldt 1 :."0 pi Pier 11
Arso Eel River Ports ... 4 pmlPler 2
June T. I
Arcata I Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 10 amiPler 13
San Pedro.. Grays Harbor 5 pm|Pter 2
R. Dollar.. Seattle direct 5 pmlPler 2
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am! Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ' 2 pmiPier :l
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ...|12 m|Pier 2
G. Elder. .. Astoria & Portland.lll am Pier 2*
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am! Pier 11
Jane S. I
Phoenix 'Merdocino City 1 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... , Humboldt ....." 9 amiPier 1U
S. Eosa.... I San Diejro & Way. 9 am! Pier 11
Jnne O. i
Palena j Valparaiso & Way. 12 mJPIer 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 amIPier 7
City Sydney Panama & Way Pts 12 mlPMSS
Jnne 10.
Albion Kiv. pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Jane 11.
Pleiades jf. T. via Panama.. 2 pm Pier 10
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 0 am Pier 11
Mamlalay.. Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
June 12.
Statical... San Dieso & Way. 9 am Pier 11
S. Monica. . Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
C. Nelson. . Seattle & Tacoma. . 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pmlPMSS
Sierra Svdney & Way Pts. 10 am Pier T
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 pm Pier 24
Jnne 14.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 12 m Pier 2
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
June 15.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 16.
Alliance Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 16
Gaelic
G. W. Elder. .
Newburg
Pentaur. «.;...'
Umatllla
Santa Cruz...
Alamedp.
China & Japan June 1»
Portland & Astoria June U
• Grays Harbor June 14
¦ I Hamburg & West Coa3t. June 15
. IPuget Found Ports |June 1«
• I Newport & Way Ports. [June 16
iHonolulu IJune 17
gy " ¦ ; ; - ; - - : — ¦ oh
i ¦ - ¦- '* ' ; * . ' • - " - ' "¦'¦¦¦ -v ¦ ' . : • : I
n o / S
| I I suffered untold^^ misery for a period of overlive years with a case of chronic dyspepsia. I would 1 I
I I rise in the morning feeling draggy, miserable and unfit for work. For weeks I would be unable to eat § I
I | one good meal After eating I would swell and^ the oppression would almost drive me crazy* At times I |
I | I would be troubled with spells of dizziness^ Constant worriment reduced my weight until' I was a . j §
| I shadow of my former selL I have been taking Ripans and am almost I f
S I cured* My old. symptoms have disappeared* I have gained in weight over twelve pounds* I - "
| ¦ | , At Druggists'. The Five-Cent packet is enough I ¦
| I llie mmily bottle, 60 Gents, contains a supply for a y | i
eBIIIIEIIBBBKIIBIIIII mmmmmammm **^THE SPIRIT OF INVENTION INVADES THE SHOP OF THE HORSE
SHOER, WITH THE RESULT THAT THE TIRED EQUINES ARE
PLEASED- AND THE LIFE OF A SMITHY IS EASIER.
No Longer Does the Swarthy Smith Fear Danger of Flying Hoofs
v and He Fastens Iron Shoes Without "a Kick."
EQUINES ARE SHOD IN MIDAIR
BY MEANS OF NOVEL APPARATUS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE V6, 1902.
If a horse desires it he can do the same
as its master does when he is being
shaved. All it has to do is to compose
itself for a short nap and tell Its attend
ants to "wake me up when you are
through."
DISTRICT ATTORNEY WHO ASKED FOR THE DRAWING OP A SPE
. CIAL GRAND JURY, AND THE SUPERIOR JUDGE WHO GRANTED
THE APPLICATION.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
At any rate with both civil and criminal
litigation surrounding the paper and em
ployers, and employes attacking each other
harmony is far from the Tenth street
office, v .
Those who are prosecuting the present
case against Dalton claim that they havo
evidence from within the Enquirer office
that the order for 105 books that was
given to Oakes was entered on the job
order book of the company, but that it
was afterward marked "canceled" by
Stedman upon orders from Daniels and
that now this order book is missing. This
information could only ¦ come from Sted
man, but as Stedman is not to be found
Its exact origin is uncertain.: ¦
that because they are Dalton and Daniels that
they can do no wrong, but they haven't pro
duced those books. It is right up to those
fellows to Bhow where 105 books were printed
and delivered in 1001. They have already
shown where flfty-nine were printed and de
livered in the same year. AH of those books
may have been necessary, but I doubt it, and
if they were necessary they have not been de
livered..
STEDiyTATT NOT INT TOWN".
The only missing quantity was Russell
R. Stedman, the Enquirer employe who
made the affidavit that the books had
never been delivered. Stedman was not
to be found around town to-day and G
B. Daniels of the Enquirer said that he
had not seen him. • . - ¦
"Stedman has not been at /jur office
since the publication of his affidavit "
said G. B. Daniels of the Enquirer. "I
know nothing about him at all and I don't
care to."
Mr. Daniels was a very busy man to
day. He had lots of consultations with his
attorneys and his friends, but his paper
made only a very brief reference to the
drawing of the Grand Jury and contained
no further statements as to his position.
All he had to say was:
I am glad that the Grand Jury has been
called. It disposes of everything and gives me
a full opportunity to go before that body and
show it how I am being attacked by the water
company and its hired attorneys because I re
fused to do their bidding. I can explain all
and am ready to do -so to the Grand Jury
the minute it gets in session.
This leads up to the Enquirer and the
schism that exists therein. Russel R
Stedman, the confidential business man of
the institution, appears charging the pro
prietors with felony. The business man
ager of the institution, M.-de L. Hadley
while he refuses to say anything about
this particular matter, is now being
charged by the managers with being privy
to the prosecution and troubles that have
arisen In the last few months.
NEW YORK. ¦ June 6. — The official immigra
tion fljrures for the port of New York for
May, issued to-day, ehow that 82,054 .immi
grants were landed during the month, as
r a«a}nst;73,e67 : for April.
Bev. BCenry Latham.
LONDON, June 5.— Rev. Henry Lath
am, . master of Trinity Hall, Cambridge,
is dead, aged 81 years.
LONDON, June 5.— Sir Daniel Cooper,
formerly acting agent general for New
South Wales in England, is dead, aged
81 years.
Sir Daniel Cooper.
LONDON, June 6.— Sir James Williams
Richmond Cottorj, Chamberlain of the city
of -London since 1892, died to-day. He
was Lord Mayor of London In 1875.
Sir James W. It. Cotton.
Dalton and Daniels can attack me all they
please, but those are the facts as we find them.
They can Bay ¦what they please about me and,
shout the water company, and political enmity,
but that doesn't produce any of these books or
that missing bill. They can say that they are
the Bimon pure reformer* in thii town, . and
But here comes th« order given Oakes for
thirty mortgage books in 1901. These books
would be dated 1902 to 1905. But there are. no
such books, and Dalton and Daniels don't dare
attempt substitution of old etock because of
the dates. It won't do for them to show up
with a set of books dated from 1901 to 1901
and another set dated from 1902 to 1905. be
cause that would be- too raw. They are right
up against it on the question of the mortgage
books. That bill was for $600. and that alone
would be a felony. ;
Mortgage books contain four columns on each
page, and at the top of each column is printed
a year, thus each set of books is made to do
duty for four years. The present set of mort
gage books begins with the year 1001 and ends
with the year 1904. They must, • therefore,
have been made In the year 1900. Upon ex
amining the records of the county - we find a
bill dated August 30, 19O0, for sixteen mort
gage books, for which the Enquirer received
$312. That is clearly the order of sixteen
books now being used. .
Give them all they claim, for the sake of
argument. Let us admit that the fifty-eight
books found in the vault were part of the
order of seventy-five, though I don't believe
it. Where are the thirty mortgage books?
Not one of those books can be found, . and
why? Owing to the peculiar printing of these
books there can be no substitution, while there
might be of the others. Mr Dalton and Mr.
Daniels do not dare to substitute mortgage
books, and I am willing to stand on that item
alone.
Neither Mr. Dalton nor Mr. Daniels can
show that those books were ever made or
delivered, and on the other hand the money
for those books has been drawn out of the
county treasury.
I Ftand Just where I did yesterday. I am
ready to produce a responsible person who will
swear to a warrant for felony against both
Dalton and Daniels. I was ready to do so this
morning when the Grand Jury was called, and
now I bow to the conditions that exist. My
clients and myself are ready to go before the
Grand Jury and tell what we know.
Emil Nusbaumer spent most of his time
about the Courthouse to-day. His life
is becoming very strenuous since he began
hunting the Dalton animal and the at
torney for Mr. Bromley was compelled to
take a nap during the afternoon, when
no one was allowed to disturb him. At
the conclusion of the nap Mr. Nusbaumer
went out to see whether the missing bill
for $685 35 had been found. Then he went
home to await the calling of the Grand
Jury on Monday next. He said:
NUSBAUMEE POSITIVE.
That Is erne of those statements of Nus
baumer. I wonder if he is going to tell me and
the people what is necessary for this office?
He Isn't Assessor of this county and I am. I
gave those orders, both of them, and I wouldn't
have given them if they had not been necessary
for the office. Is Nusbaumer going to tell
people and me what is necessary for this of
fice? I nave never given an order for any
stuff that was not necessary for my office,
and Mr. Nusbaumer can't come around now and
tell me what I ought to use and how much.
That stuff was needed In my office and I or
dered it. I don't care what the date was.
on me. and try to put me Into a. hole, then a
man has to be very careful. There are people
whom I have done great favors for. and they
are trying to do me up. Oakes ought to be my
friend and Stedman has been drawing a salary
from my friends. I have had my boys in th6
office out looking: thines up and trying to see
where we all stand. I don't know anything
r.ew and have not found any, more books. I
can only say what I said yesterday, that this
Is a dirty political job to try to ruin me.
Mr. Dalton was asked to explain why on
August 19 an order was given for 105
books and then on October 3 an order was
given for fifty-nine books, and why the
fifty-nine books could be found and the
105 were nearly all missing. Mr. Dalton
grew very angry and replied :
. SEATTLE, Wash., June 5.— Paul Under
wood, wanted for the ' murder ' of . his . in
fant child at, Ballard,. has been traced to
Toke Point, near Ilwaco, and his capture
Is. hourly expected..' He is believed' to be
heading for Ilwaco with the intention of
boarding a foreign bound vessel.
Capture of Murderer Expected:
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases hai arrived and they
are bow ready for distribu
tion. All , ¦nbscrll»er« to; Tho
Call are entitled to a copy of
this sreat book at the prem
ium rate of $1 00. Out of
town subscriber* desiring «
copy of this splendid ptem.
lnm will be supplied on re
ceipt r of # f 1 , BO. j All mall
orders will be shipped by ex.
; press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
, STOCKTON, June 5.— A man named A.
B. Gilman,- an ex-soldier, recently '. re
turned from' the- Philippines,' was < lost
overboard", from 'the "• Stockton <: steamer
Mary Garratt last night while on the down
trip to San Francisco. It la: believed he
jumped overboard, for he -was ', seen to
enter his stateroom and a few minutes
later a splash was heard and his door was
found open. Gilman was employed as a
laborer for a time' in a- livery stable at
Milton and- had been in" Stockton i about
a month. He has no relatives " here as
faras known:. ., , : '
Former Soldier Lost Overboard.
Complete Returns From Oregon
. Counties Show Result of Gub
i ,' ernatorial Contest.
PORTLAND, Or., June 5.— Complete re
turns from the entire State, with the ex
ception of ten small precincts, give Cham
berlain - (Dem.) a , majority of 334 . over
Furnish (Rep.) for Governor. The re
maining precincts cannot change this re
sult materially.
In the First Congressional District,
Tongue (Rep.) has a majority of 6031, an
increase of 3012 over his majority of two
years- ago.- In the Second Congressional
District, J. N. Williamson (Rep.) has a
majority of 8172. ,
CHAMBERLAIN" ELECTED
BY SMAILX. MAJORITY"
CHINESE WHO MUST GO.— Deputy United
States Marshal K. J. Stone arrived yesterday
from Providence, R. L , with ¦ eleven Chinese
laborers in custody who are to be deported dor
being unlawfully in the country.
¦ IN ' HARNESS - DURING VACATION.—
United States District Judge de Haven will
leave next month to spend his vacation i in
Seattle, where he will relieve United States
District Judge C. H. Hanford.
HELLWIG'S EPISTOLARY ; STEW. — A
Hellwlg, a restaurant keeper In Chico, , was
brought down from ' that town yesterday by
the United States Marshal to answer the
charge of having written an objectionable letter
to Miss Lena Closse, hia recent' sweetheart.
OAKLAND LOSES , TAX SUIT.— United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday handed
down a decision in the suit of Everett W.
Clark and his wife Henrietta against the city
of Oakland to set aside an additional tax levied
upon the land of the complainants. Judge
Morrow decided that the additional tax had
been unlawfully levied. ,
FEDERAL JUDGES GOING HOME.— United
States Circuit Judge Ersklne M. Ross of Los
Angeles and his wife left for Los Angeles last
evening. United States District Judge T P
Hawley of Carson City, Nev., : left yesterday
afternoon. Both Judges had been sitting on
the bench of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals in this city. ; -,, pv",-,
SAILOR ' SHARKS ARRESTED^— United
8tates Court Commissioner Heacock issued war
rants yesterday afternoon for the arrest of
Thomas Murray and .Thomas Lyons, boardine
house runners, for violating the Federal statuto
prohibiting the enticement of sailors off a vea
sel within twenty-four hours after her arrival
In port. The complainant is Pat Gillesple a
member of the crew of the British ehlS
Stronsa. • . ... •. •
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
-The members of the painters' unions in
the vicinity of San Francisco are prepar
ing to make their picnic at Fairfax Park
on June 15 the most enjoyable event of
their lives. Neither pains nor expense
have been spared. by those appointed lo
arrange for the outing, and as a result
the "brush wielders" feel confident that
painters' day will be greatly enjoyed by
those who attend the outing.' Athletic
games and dances will .be the principal
source j of amusement. •;
v Among the unions that will participate
are Painters' Union No. 19 of > this city.
No. 3127 of Oakland, No. 560 of Richmond,
Varnish ers' and Polishers' Union No. .134,
and Sign and 'Pictorial Painters' Union
No 510. The committee in charge of tho
outing Is as follows: Joseph Tuite, chair
man: E. P. Penn, A. Parks, J. H. Phil
pott, G. E. Bridges, W. M. Page, W. J.
X. Robinson, E. Earhart, C. H. Chapman,
J. S. Tate, F. Mosher, W. E. Scully, E.
Smith.
PAINTERS WILL SPEND
DAY AT FAIRFAX PARK
Dr. Witherbee is reported to have said
that no acts. of immorality can be charged
against any of the girls or men employed
at the . hospital. Several have been j dis
charged on ; account : of indiscretion, such
as remaining ; out until late hours of the
night and late suppers, that were attended
by female hospital employes. The Super
visors may investigate the affair.
Miss ¦ Dorothy Fen wick is said to have
been the only dignified nurse among the
seniors in the hospital. Because she re
fused to take part in certain hazing ex
peditions against the younger girls, she
was marked as a special subject for haz
ing herself last March and April by her
classmates. Several times before that she
was attacked in her own room, and on one
occasion had to defend i herself with a
hammer, it is alleged. The night of April
I she was compelled to flee in her night
clothes to the house of a neighbor, having
been driven from the hospital by the tor
ments heaped upon her by the other stu
dents of the senior "class. "
¦ It appears from reports of Superintend
ent Witherbee that a bad state of affairs
has existed for several weeks. Ever since
Dr. Witherbee, the . -new, superintendent,
took his. place at. the head: of the institu
tion, ' a spirit of mutiny has existed among
the seniors. ',-¦¦
Miss Uintah Carter, formerly matron of
the' hospital, is alleged' to.be responsible
for the inception of all the trouble. She
took a dislike to Dr. Witherbee, says that
gentleman, and before , her resignation,
April 1, succeeded in turning most of the
nurses against him. The trouble was ag
gravated by a fierce class feeling between
seniors and Juniors, engendered, It is al
leged, by Miss Carter's espousal of -the
cause of offending seniors. , ¦ —. •
LOS ANGELES, June 5.— Rebellion has
made trouble in the County- Hospital.
There will be no graduating exercises this
term, because the. class of seven young
women has been dissolved, some of them
resigning and others being expelled for al
leged indiscreet conduct. .One senior only.
Miss Dorothy Fenwlck. who refused to be
drawn into the imbroglio, will receive her
diploma. . . .-•..-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Los Angeles County
Hospital Nurses in
Trouble. .
The salary of the secretary was in
creased $10 per month; the initiation fee
was fixed at $2 and a funeral tax of 10
cents per month was authorized.
At the afternoon session the various
matters on the file were disposed of. and
in the evening there was a banquet to
the old and new officers and delegates.
The Supreme Lodge of tho Friends of
the Forest yesterday ' installed the fol
lowing officers who Were elected Wednes
day:- .» ,•«<.;> -r *T ¦~;~^-;-^ •-¦;-¦'.: ¦•? -¦•• '¦-^'<-f < -
Mrs. M. M. Davidson, president; LlllieDy
gert vice president; Lena Scholten, secretary;
Julia. Miller, treasurer; E. A. Jeffrey, chap
lain; J. Rinner, marshal; Elizabeth Flnney,
•warden- L. B. McMillan, inside guard; Louise
Carcas, outside guard; I. F. Raymond, Isabel
McPhun, L. S. Bacon, auditors; Mrs. A. E.
Craig. Ellen Moesby, M. A. Peterson Ford,
trustees; E. Hyman. organist; L. M. Simon,
A Murphy. Ellen Moesby, Annie Hale and
Mesdames Lewis, Berry and Day, arbitrators.
and a Funeral Tax Is
Levied.
Salary of the Secretary Is Increased
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST
ELECT NEW OFFICIALS
SIX WILL MISS
THEIR DIPLOMAS
NERVOUS and refractory horses
are congratulating themselves on
the Invention of a citizen of Sac
ramento that enables equines to
have their hoofs shod with but
little trouble.
At the horseshoeing shop of Healy &
Powers, 817 Folsom street, an exhibition
was given yesterday of the method by
which horses can have their iron shoes
put 6n' in almost the same easy manner
as the human race dons its leather ones.
Instead of sitting in a chair, however,
and having a sleek clerk take the pedal
extremity . in • hand and force a i "four"
shoe on a "six" foot,. the horse gets bet
ter treatment. It is led up to an appara
tus that looks like a skeleton box stall.
The sides of the machine are closed
around the animal and at a signal he is
hoisted off the floor- by means of a winch
that lifts the "entire apparatus.
The feet of the equine are drawn taut,
forward and behind, and fastened to cros
bars and four men can work on the shoe
ing expeditiously and with ease. The
most vicious horse can be placed in the
machine in less than two minutes and can
neither injure itself nor the men who are
fitting its "Trilbys."
When the body was being carried from
the church at the conclusion of the ser
vices Miss Annie I. Roney sang "Neare \
My God, to Thee," and not a few of the
several hundred people -who had gath
ered to pay the last sad tribute to the
dead were moved to tears. Interment
took place in Holy Cross Cemetery. .
Richard S. Doyle, the well-known pi
oneer builder and contractor who died
at St. Mary's Hospital last Tuesday, was
buried with Impressive ceremony yester
day morning from St. Peter's Church
on Alabama street, near Twenty-fourth.
A solemn requiem mass was celebrated
at 10 o'clock for the repose of his soul
by the Rev. Father Casey celebran^,
Rev. Father Lyons deacon and. Rev.
Father Pelza sub-deacon. Rev. Fathers
Wyman, C. S. P.; Connelly, Nugent and
Coyle were in the sanctuary, while a
number of Sisters of Mercy from the
convent of Our Lady of Lourdes, Oak
land, and St. Peter's Academy, this city,
and Christian Brothers from St. Peter's
School and St. Mary's College were in
the body of the church. The music was
rendered by an augmented choir.
The funeral sermon was preached by
the Rev. Father Yorke, who spoke on
death. In closing he paid an eloquent
tribute to the memory of the' deceased.
"Our departed brother," said he, "gave
to the church three of his children, one,
a son, a missionary father of New York,
and two daughters, Sisters of Mercy.
His life was a noble ope."
St. Peter's Church.
With Impressive Ceremony From
Richard S. Doyle,- a Pioneer, Is Buried
PAY LAST SAD TRIBUTE
TO MEMORY OF THE DEAD
Mrs. Burton has suffered a good deal of
trouble of .late, her husband, ;a .former
cashier at' Wells-Fargo's, having become
insane j about nve'.weeks \ ago. Mrs. Bur
ton had ' everything done that was j possi
ble at her home for her husband, but It'
was found necessary to . remove £ him to
the State Hospital for the":. Insane at
Napa, as his case was deemed hopeless.
Mr. . Burton Is ' the son of a late partner
of Lloyd Tevis. " .
There was no sign of the doors having
been forced open, and consequently the
thief must have got into the room with
the aid of a key. .-'; ; - : : '
Mrs. Irma Burton returned to her apart
ments at the Holland House, 1007 Bush
street, last night and discovered that dur
ing her absence her rooms had* been en
tered and her jewel ¦'case'' tampered ¦with.';
Further investigation * showed that jew
elry to the amount of $600 had been stolen.
The property consisted > of | a horseshoe
pin I valued . at $400,' a "ring, valued at $150 :
and a scarfpln at $50. .
She Returns to Apartments
? and Finds Treasure
_ Case; Empty.
Secures $600 Worth of
Jewelry Prom Mrs.
Irma Burton.
BURGLAR STEALS
VALUABLE GEMS
I am still trying to find out where I am at.
A man ha* to be very capsful when he la
i'-tLllag with such people aa Nuebaumer. They
tre trying to throw me Into a hole, and they
fcre using: tome of my own people to do it
When people like Oakef and Stedmaa go back
"Client" Bromley and his two attorneys
take the stand that the lost bill represents
the books that were found, leaving the
Oakes-Enquirer order of seventy-five
working assessment rolls and thirty
mortgage books still unaccounted for.
County Assessor Dalton denies this, and
says that the bill of 1899 covers books
that have long ago been used. But the
County Assessor does not say anything
about the delivery of the disputed books
at his office. He says that he is trying to
find out "where he is at," and that
somebody has betrayed him. This is
what Mr. Dalton had to say to-day:
DALTON'S STATEMENT.
In the course of these Investigations Mr.
Bromley and his attorneys found this
bill of $C55 25 for working assessment rolls
dated August 30, 1899. The investigators
suspected that this bill might cover the
books that were found in the vault,. and
they started to look up the bill which
¦tfould contain items and specifications
that would enable them to identify the
books. But when they came to search for
the bill jt was missing: All the other
bills for the month of August, 1899, were
found, but this particular bill was miss-
Ing- and up to the closing of the Auditor's
office it had not been found.
This discovery was made when "Client"
Ross P. Bromley went through the bills
of the Auditor's office. Mr. Bromley and
his attorneys were anxious to find if there
was any bill on file in the Auditor's office
that could possibly account for the fifty
eight books that were found in the vault
In Mr. Dal ton's cellar yesterday. They
found fifty-nine books In the racks of
Mr. Dalton's office and found a bill in the
Auditor's ofiice that positively Identified
these books as having been paid for. It
was their desire to find another bill that
¦would identify the fifty-eight books that
were resurrected from the vault below
stairs.
The next most important development
of the day was the fact that a bill In
favor of the Enquirer Publishing Com
pany for $Gs5 35 dated August 30, 1899, was
missing, and up to the closing of the
Auditor's office it had not been discov
ered.
Next to the Grand Jury incident tho
most important fact of the day is the
failure to locate any more books. County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton and all of his
deputies have not been able to unearth
any more than the fifty-eight books that
were found in the vault yesterday, and
at the close of business at the Court
house to-day there was still a shortage of
thirty mortgage books and seventeen
working assessment books, or forty-seven
In all.
This disposes of all matters until next
•week. Nothing more in a legal way can
be done this week, and it will be next
Monday before the Grand Jury Is finally
drawn, and it will take several days after
that before they get down to work.
Then there will be the examining of wit
nesses, and if any conclusion is reached
inside of two or three weeks it will be
very fast work.
DHAWING OF GRAND JURY.
By this move ail embassassing questions
were passed up to the nineteen citizens
who will be selected on Monday next, and
r.o county officials will be called upon to
pass judgment upon the acts of any other
Itllow county officials. It relieved the
District Attorney's office of a great deal
cf trouble, for otherwise District Attor
ney Alien would have been compelled to
rass upon the question of whether a war
rant snould be issued for Henry P. Dal
».on and G. B. Daniels. There were sev
eral consultations between the District
Attorney and Emil Nusbaumer and Henr3 r
P. Dalton and Vvilliam Lair Hill, the at
torney for Mr. Dalton, and others. The
result was that shortly before noontime
District Attorney Allen passed the whole
mailer up to the Superior Judges, with a
request mat they decide whether a Grand
Jury should be drawn or not. There was
a coni-uitation of the Judges, who deefded
that the matter would better be looked
into, and shortly afterward Judge Melvin
drew the thirty names given and the own
ers were ordered to report on Monday be
fore h:m.
Fred "tt'uescher, G. L. Curtiss, Samuel Hay
wpgd, John B, Dleckmann, George P. Beck. A.
tt Ott. Frank V. Senram. J. H. 'WnghC^»
tfph Ghirardelli H. D. Randlett, J. S. Nal
emith. D. Steffens. A. H. Schlueter. Ernest
Schween, W. T. Veitch. Thomas Corder, J. W.
Umphred, D C. Owen, J. T. Towle, K. G.
Hasten, \V. G. Manuel, F. G. Conklln, John
W Tompkins Gustave MajTisch, H. M. San
born, A. J. Tail, R. A. Let*. H. E. C. Feu
tlfcr, J. C. Whipple and Daniel Luce.
OAKLAND. June E.— District Attor
ney J. J. Allen this morning re
ferred the Dalton-Daniels matter
to the Judges of the Superior
Court of Alameda County, with a
request that they draw a special Grand
Jury to consider the matter. The result
was that the Superior Judges decided
that there was enough to warrant the
drawing of a special Grand Jury, and
Judge H. A. Melvin of the criminal de
partment drew thirty names, the owners
of which axe ordered to report to him on
Monday next and show cause why they
should not servo upon a special Grand
Jury to examine into the question of
whether the books ordered by County
Assessor Henry P. Dalton were e%'er
made by either George A. Oakes of Hay
wards or the Enquirer Publishing Com
pany and delivered at the County Asses
sor's office.
The names of the thirty citizens from
whom nineteen will be selected are:
SEATTLE. Wash., June 5.— White Re
doubt, Mount Ilianina and Mount August
ine, In Cook Inlet, Alaska, have been
throwing off smoke and steam for the past
several months, according to advices
brought down on the steamer Bertha. Re
doubt threw ou± a sprinkling of ashes that
fell: around the Bertha ten days ago.
Alaskan Volcanoes Are Smoking.
Deserters* Places Are Filled.
KAN DIEGO, June 5.— A detachment of
twenty-eight sailors arrived on the noon
train to-day from San Francisco to take
the places of the recent deserters from
the U. S. S. Ranger. They all are of the
private rank, though some of them have
seen service for several . years. Orders
are expected to be sent from Washington
Instructing the Ranger to proceed at once
to Panama.
Licensed to JSIarry.
OAKLAND, June 5.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Ezra W. Decoto, 28,
Decoto, and Neva T. Jarvis, 23, Oakland;
Peter Hensen, St. Paul, 23, and Mary E.
Mulligan, 22, Mankato, Mich; Frank P.
Lewis, 23, and Carrie BulIIngton, U, both
of Oakland,'
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 5.— A careful
investigation to-day Into the death of Mrs.
Belle Smith and her two children at Har
dln, Mo., who were yesterday found dead
in the ruins of their home revealed a
triple murder which had preceded rob
bery. Mrs. Smith was a widow and kept in
her home $1000 received on an insurance
policy carried by her late husband. The
victims had been murdered with a hatchet
which was found in the ruins of the
burned house to-day. Tramps are sus
pected.
Widow and Children Murdered.
TACOMA, June 5.— A. F. Eastman of
Skagway had a lively battle with a big
bald eagle last week near Chilkoot, where
he and D. G. Stevens had been hunting.
Eastman shot the eagle and it fell to
the ground as if dead. When he at
tempted to pick it up the eagle furiously
attacked him -with talons and beak. East
man's hands were lacerated and he was
otherwise wounded. Stevens came to hia
rescue, catching the eagle by both wings.
After a hard struggle he succeeded in
pulling him away. Stevens then killed
the eagle. It measured nearly eight feet
from tip to tip of the wings.
Strenuous Bird of Freedom Make3
Things Very Lively for Alas
kan Hunters.
MEN" HAVE A BATTI*E
WITH A GIANT EAGLS
Navy order— Lieutenant Commander A.
W. Dodd is detached from the / PensacoU
naval training station at - San Francisco
and ordered to the Wisconsin as navi
gator/
. Paymaster's Clerk J. E. Colthurst is
appointed for duty as fleet paymaster's
clerk, Pacific station, on the Wisconsin.
-Army orders— First Lieutenant . Henry
C. Evans Jr., artillery, is s transf erred
from Omaha; Nebr., to San Francisco,
Cal., to act as assistant recruiting officer.
Major Frederick von Schrader, quarter
master, is ordered 'from New York to San
Francisco, thence July 1 to the Philip
pines. *- I:
Oregon: Increase— Jean , J. Laurent,
Kinton, $12:' Thomas E. James, Pendle
ton, $30. Widows — Laura Sinclair, Dusty,
$8; Sarah M. Gates, Acme, $8.
Washington: Increase, restoration, re
issue, etc.— Henry C. Gilmore, Tenino,
$10; John Quick, Orting, $12; Thomas
Hodges, Hudson, $12. ,Widows— Emily M.
Gorton, Bay View, $12.
WASHINGTON, June 5.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— "Wilfred W.
Montague, San Francisco. Appointed:
California— Earl Smith, Brooks, Yolo
County, vice E. ¦ M. Billings, resigned.
Washington — Irene Robinson, Kerns,
Cowlitz County, vice C. P. Harter, re
signed.' \
i These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Original— Madison Hite, San
ta Clara, $6; Edwin D. Barber, Covina,
$6; Thomas J. Ryan, Veterans* Home,
Napa, $10; Michael J. McCarthy, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; Imle L.
Eno, Long Beach,. $12; James D. Bow
land,, San Rafael, $24; Mary Isabel Grls
wold, Los Angeles, $8; Mary- Costello,
Sunnyside, $8; Mary M. Price, Santa Bar
bara, $12; Frank Billington, Oakland, $S;
Flora C. Heazlit, Los Angeles, $8.
Postal Service and More New
' ,"v &" ?¦ Pensions Granted.
General Charges Axe Made in the
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
. OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Sharp is a devout Mormon. The court
room was packed to suffocation when the
aged ' witness was on the stand, and as
Sharp testified to hl3 belief in God's rev
elation of the guilt of the accused tears
ran- down the faces of scores of those
present. . ....
•< Under sharp cross-questioning by the
attorneys for the defense,. Sharp stated
that he had received revelations from
God before, relating to the gospel of Je
sus Christ. He said he had not told the
officers of his first revelation because it
was not necessary. He knew Hay's body
would be found.
• This Is not the only manifestation I received.
On Tuesday noon I saw the trail of blood lead
ing from the railroad tracks to where my son
in-law was burled. I saw it in a vision just
as plainly, as when I afterward visited the
spot. i
I charged Peter Mortensen, with the murder
of my son-in-law because I knew he was
guilty. God revealed it to me. He appeared
to me by the Holy Ghost and put the words
of the Spirit into my mouth. I had to utter
them, for I knew they » were true. I cannot
and will not deny It here, neither will I deny
it'when I meet mv God on the laat day.
SALT LAKE, Utah, June 5.-James
Sharp, father-in-law of James R. Hay,
who was murdered last December, took
the witness stand to-day in the trial *of
Peter Mortensen for the crime, and with
tears streaming down his cheeks testi
fied that God had revealed the guilt of
Mortensen to him. Testifying to his talk
with Mortensen the day . after the disap
pearance of Hay, Sharp said In effect:
Aged Mormon Gives
Dramatic Testimony
at Murder Trial.
Los Angeles Capitalists
to Use Fifteen
Millions.
» 513333
Special Dispatch to Th» Can. - .'
- f LOS ANGELES, June B.— Los Angeles
capital will supply Bakersfleld and
Randsburg with electric light and power;
Contracts were to-day signed, sealed and
delivered, by the terms of which the
Kern River Company will at once con
struct a canal twelve miles in length,
with a capacity of 30,000 miner's inches of
water. The will begin at Kernville,
Kern County, and follow the Kern River
south for a distance of twelve miles,
where a station of 15,000 horsepower will
be erected. From that point will be
built to Los Angeles two lines capable of
delivering here 10,000 horsepower. The
length of each line will be 110 miles. The
company will operate its own separate
telephone system. Incidental to the new
enterprise the Kern Company will con
struct at" once light and power plants for
supplying Bakersfleld and Randsburg and
the territory tributary to both places.
Among the contracts let to-day was one
for grading, aggregating in value $200,000;
one for lumber, aggregating $75,000. A
contract for hauling material, for $30,000,
will be let in a few days. Among the
patrons of the new Kern River Company
will be the Huntington-Hellman railway
system, including all of its suburban
lines; the lines of the Los Angeles Rail
way Company's system and the Pacific
"Light and Power Company. Henry E.
Huntington, I. "W. Hellman and their as
poclates are interested with W. G.
KerckhofC and the principals In the San
Gabriel Electric Company, In the new Pa
cific Electric Company and the Kern
River Company. The two corporations
represent a capital of $15,000,000.
PLAN A VAST
LIGHTING SYSTEM
SAYS THAT COD
REVEALED CRIME
The animal that Is placed In the ma
chine cannot rear, plunge or kick. It
cannot do injury to the men who are fit
ting its shoes or disable itself by striking
out and perchance hitting an anvil or a
smith's head.
Nineteen Gtizens Will Be Selected to Pass on Accusations Reflecting
Upon Henry P* Dalton— Enquirer Bill Is Missings
SPECIAL GRAND JURY TO HEAR
CHARGE AGAINST THE ASSESSOR
9The preliminary examination of Jacob
S^? a "; f o 01 ?£ erly a at the Palace
Hotel, on a charge of burglary was held
Cassman Pleads for Mercy.
The famous pencil' deeds are no longer
In danger of being stolen. The documents
which, according to false report, were
stolen from the office • of County Clerk
Mahony but which were safe in a vault
in, the County Clerk's office, were turned
over, to Attorney Reuben H. Lloyd yes
terday. The attorney will destroy the
papers. *.;.
Pencil Deeds Now Safe.
The Woodmen of the World will hold
memorial services' in the. Alhambra The
ater on Sunday, the 8th inst., in memory
of the departed neighbors of the order.
Fifteen local camps will take part, the
exercises commencing at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon. In the forenoon a committee
from each of -the camps will visit Che
cemeteries and strew flowers, over the
graves of those who have gone to the
great camp of the universe.
Woodmen's Memorial Service.
Papers found among the effects of Rox
ana Hartwell Harrell by the Public Ad
ministrator show that 7 she was a grand
aunt of Mary Hartwell Catherwood, a
novelist residing in Chicago. Miss Cather
wood was notified by telegraph last
W ednesday night by the Public Adminis
trator and she telegraphed money to have
the remains t of her relative buried. The
papers of the dead woman show that she
was of unsound mind. The Public Ad
ministrator has taken possession of her
property, which consists of a piece, of
lana in South San Francisco, which she
was selling in installments at $5 per
month.
rs^iS arre iL w . as past 80 -years of ago,
?£r x1 le< l s " d . denl J\ or na/ural causes at
102G Market street last Tuesday night
Money to Have Her Bemains
,%-: Buried Decently.
Mrs. Catherwood, the Novelist, Sendg
MBS. HAERELL DIES.
ALONE AND UNATTENDED
Berkeley Baseball Nine Loses.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., June 5.- Uni
versity of California 3, Whitman Col
lege 6.
Representing the California Society of Pio
neers. John H. Jewett, Judge A. R. Cotton:
representing the Loyal Legion, Colonel W. R.
Smertberg. Hon. W. W. Montague; represent
ing the Vnlverslty of California, A. W. Foster,
I. "\V. Hfeilman; representing the commercial
Interests of Sari Francisco end friends of the
deceased. Hon. W. W. Morrow, Professor
George Davidson, Sylvaln Weill a. Niebaum
Charles Hirach, R. P. Rithet, William Thomas
Charles Yates. SIg Steinhart. W- J. Dutton
Herman AValter, Levi Strauss. Dr. Leopold
Neumann, A. M. Hunt. Thomas Brown, W. H
Chickering, Henry Heyman, Horace Davis'
Charles E. Miller. M. H. Hecht. Henry T.
Scott, Captain John Bermingham. Colonel Mark
L. McDonald. Daniel Meyer, Max Heilbronner
P. N. Lillenthal and M. C. Erskine
The funeral of Louis Sloss takes place
to-day. A special train will convey the
remains from San Rafael to the ferry.
The cortege will arrive in San Francisco
at 2 p. m. and at Third and Townsend
streets at 2:45. p. m. It will leave by spe
cial train at 3 p. , m. for . the Home of
Peace Cemetery. The services will be
held in the chapel. v The honorary pall
bearers will be: ¦
Commercial Company, "Will Be
Interred To-Day.
Body of Louis Sloss, Late of Alaska
WljrX BE BURIED AT
THE HOME OP PEACE
before Judge Cabaniss yesterday. The
fact that he stole clothing from the room
of Thomas R. King. 389 Geary street, last
Saturday and pawned It to get money to
P la y poker at the Cafe Royal was admit
ted, but Cassman's attorney made a pow
erful plea for mercy in view of his client's
youth and previous goad character and
asked that the charge be reduced to petty
larceny. The Judge took the matter un
der advisement till to-day.
The graduation exercises of the class
of "02 of the Crocker Grammar School
were held last night at tjie Devisadero
Hall, which was well filled by the large
class of seventy-four graduates and their
friends and relatives. The programme
was opened by an address from W. H.
Edwards, principal of the school, and fol
lowed by the class poem, rendered by
Miss Adia Pierce. Songs were sung by
the class and recitations rendered by
Miss Ruth Aubury and Miss Relda Ford.
The class trio, composed of "Waller VIdy,
Carroll Rochester and William Martin,
rendered a selection, after which the
floor was cleared for dancing.
At 11 o'clock the entire class repaired
to /the dining-room for luncheon, which
was served amid decorations of beauti
ful flowers. Mr. Edwards addressed a
few words to^the graduates, then came
the distribution of medals, followed by
uating Exercises.
Crocker Grammar School Holds Grad-
EDWARDS -MAKES ADDRESS. .
LOS ANGELES. June 5.— If yesterday's
game was remarkable for heavy batting
en the part of both, teams, to-day's per
formance was quite as remarkable for the '
l;icJc of stick work. "With only two hits
©tf big Rube Waddell, Oakland made four
runs. With the same number oft! Cristall !
Los Armeies sent one man across the j
plate and that was a home run. Toman '
the first mart at bat in the first inning! i
put the first ball pitched over the fence
This was all the locals could do with
Cristall. as Eayrcer made the only other
hit. Reilly's three errors at third were
costly. With this exception Los Angeles
played a good fielding game. Gorton, who
played first base for Oakland, was some
what off in his fielding and committed
two bad blunders. Dunleavy and Cristall
carried off what little batting honors
there were, each getting to first on singles
•while eight visitors swung unsuccessful! v
«.t Rube's fast ones. Score:
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ea 4 1 l o 4 i n
"Wadfiell. p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Raymer. 2b 4 0 1 0 0 3 0
Householder, cf. ..4 0 0 0-*> o n
Hellly, Sb 4 0 0 0 a 4 "
Anderson, a. 3 0 0 0 8 1 fl
Slagle, L f. 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 10 0 o
Clbbs. r. t 2 0 0 0 10 0
Hoach, r. f. 0 0 0 0 0 0 <<
Totals 30 1 2 ~0 27 11 ~~1
OAKLAND.
_ . -A-B. R- BH. SB. PO. A. E
"Walters, c t. 4 1 0 0 1 0 6
Elementary arithmetic— D. Cuttle, C. J.
Dahlsren. E. Enewold C. Hancock C. Lan
der», C. Logan. J. Miles, A. Loy. J. Nagel, E.
Mullane. J. Stolz, T. Steigarwald. J. Vander
veer, A. Volprt. Advanced arithmetic — J. Mont
gomery, C. Taber. Elementary bookkeeping —
Ml Vaughan. Advanced bookkeeping: — N Stan
ley. Advanced stenography— W. Hightower. N.:
Stanley, D. Sutherland. Advanced typewriting
— H. de Pue. W. Hightower, N. Stanley. Ad
vanced business law— C. Knox. Advanced civil
government— C. Knox. V. Law. Social eco
nomics— F. Peake. Political science— H de
Fue. F. Peake. Elementary mechanical draw-
Ing— M. Hollzer. Advanced electricity — A.
Hunt. Elementary electricity — A. Lester T.
Smith. Elementary hygiene — F. I Brand, ' H
Eckhardt, G. Humphrey. H. Lansdown, O.
Petersen, M. Samter. Advanced Spanish— E.
Burchard. Elementary English— J. Wlllhelm.
Advanced German — H. Eckhardt. Elementary
Spanish— Bertram Bell, Arthur Hunt J. Mont
gomery, Robert Swyney and R. H. Van Sant
Jr. ;
The results of the examinations given
by the international committee of the
Young Men's Christian Association as
affecting San FTancisco have been; re
ceived by the local association. Forty
eight certificates ¦ were won by the stu
dents of the night school of the associa
tion in this city. These certificates are
recognized by 110 universities and col
leges of the country as satisfactory cre
dentials for admission. One thousand
three hundred and eighty-four were is
sued ,in the United States and Canada
this year. The names of the students
and the subjects in which they passed
in the association of this city are as
follows:
Students Receive Certificates.
There was an exhibition yesterday at
Douglass primary school, corner of Nine
teenth and Collingwood streets, of results
in drawing, and the pupils also played
several selections to show the improve
ment made by them in music. R. H.
Webster, Superintendent of Schools; Miss
Carpenter, supervisor of music, and Miss
Ball, supervisor of drawing, made ad
dresses, after which the official visitors
were entertained at luncheon.
Pupils at Douglass School.
Superintendent Webster Addresses
DRAWINGS ON EXHIBITION.
BOSTON. June 5.— World's records from
fifteen to twenty-five miles were 'broken
by Albert Champion on Charles River
Park track to-night during a twenty-five
mile individual motor-paced race against
Elkes, Walthour and McFarland. His
time for twenty-five miles was 37:15 3-5.
The record was 37:17, made by Walthour
last year.
Bicycle Records Changed.
Home run — Toman. First base on errors —
Los Angeles 3. Oakland 3. First base on called
balls— Off Waddell 3, off Christal 1. Left on
bases — Los Angeles 3, Oakland 3. Struck out
—By Waddell 8, by Cristall 3. Hit by pitcher
— Slagle. Double play— Francks to Mohler to
Gorton. Time of game — 1 hour and 40 minutes.
Umpire — O'Connell. Scorer — H. S. Price.
SUMMARY.
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 1 5 2 0
Gorton, lb. 4 0 0 0 8 0 2
McCreedie, r. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Devereaux. 3b 4 0 0 0 1 3 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 0 1 1 3 0 0
Francks, ss 3 2 0 0 1 S 1
Lohman, c 3 1 0 0 4 1 0
Cristall. p 3 0 10 12 0
Totals 32 4 2 2 27 13 3
RUN8 AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits .......1 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—2
Oakland 0. 0 10 3 0 0 0-0—4
Base hits 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 0—2
Overture (Suppe). arranged for first violins.
Masters W. Ryan and M. Cohn; second violins.
Miss A. Thompson. Masters F. de Andreis, L.
Ba.rdet. B. Ferguson; pianos. Misses L. de An-'
dreis. M. Roach, M. Kilcommon. E. Gaffney,
M. McFaddon. M. Rosa, E. Cawson; "O Glo
rious Heart," sacred chorus; "Happy Hearts,"
three pianos (KInkel),. Misses M. Fitzgerald, L.
Greene, H. Dougherty. L. Ryan. R. Dowd, S.
Selenger. Drajna, "Syb, the Little Gypsy
Girl": Dramatis personae — Little Lady Ade
laide Seymour <Syb). Miss E. Davis; Lady
Hamilton, the witch. Miss E. Gaffney; Pauline
her daughter (queen of the festival). Miss M.
McFadden; Sls'ter Winifred, directress of St.
The programme was as follows:
Gold medal for Christian doctrtne — Donated
fcy Rev. T. Caraher; awarded to Miss Lottie
D. Andreis. Gold medal for church history —
Derated -by the Salesian Fathers: awarded to
Miss Margaret Flynn. Gold medal for music —
l>enated by Joseph Kirk; awarded to Miss
Maid Kilccmmon. Medals for 'English litera
ture and penmanship — Donated by Hon. Judge
Graham; dra-.vn for by Misses May Rose, Ella
Gaffney, Josephine Taylor, Alice McCarry,
Emily Cawson, Mary McFadden, Annie Wil
liams and Albina Bricca; awarded to Miss
Emily Cawson and Miss Annie Williams. Class
medals — Donated by J. Oliva. Miss Miller, Mrs.
.1. KStterman and Mrs. A. Bardet; awarded to
Miss Mary McFadden, ninth grade; Miss Rachel
Schander, eighth grade; Miss Millie Perentl,
seventh grade; Hits Alma McNulty, sixth
grade; Miss Mary Doherty, fifth grade. The
following young ladles receive diplomas for
having completed the grammar course — Misses
Mary McFadden, Maud Kilcommon, Ella Gaff
ney, May Rosa. Alice McCarry. Emily Caw
son. Josephine Taylor. Cora Favila, Annie Wil
liams, Dessie Gallatln, Eugenia Chiappari.
Albina Bricca, Genevieve McDevltt. Misses
Mary McFadden and Maud Kilcommon ac
quired an equal percentage. First rank drawn
for by both. Won by Miss Mary McFadden.
The following were the medal winners:
The exercises of the forty-seventh an
nual commencement of the Presentation
Convent School, on Powell street, took
place on Wednesday, June 4. Many of
the clergy were present, and" the '-pro
gramme evoked great applause from the
assemblage and high commendation from
the Rev. T. Caraher in his closing re
marks.
Presentation Convent.
Many Clergy Attend Exercises of
DRAMA RECEIVES APPLAUSE.
TOMAN SCORES A HOME RUN.
The Clement Grammar School, at
Geary and Leavenworth streets, held its
graduating exercises yesterday after
noon. The hall was beautifully decorat
ed with flags and flowers, and many
friends and relatives had gathered to
witness the exercises.
An entertaining programme was ar
ranged for the afternoon, as follows:
Miss Mary C. Christal,' greeting: solo. Miss
Maud Holloway; song, class; "The Soldier's
Farewell," school quartet; closing address, Mil
ton Llchtenstadter; conferring of medals and
the diplomas. ' ¦*
The graduates were:
Esther Abrams, Mabel Bliss, Florence Brooks,
Jessie Boynton, Mary Christal. Estelle Carty,
Anna Friodlander. Marlon Frlsbie Miriam Gib
bons. Phoebe Gilson. Catherine Kelly Evelyn
Morrissey, Lizzie McGrath, Rosebud Mish, Edna.
Roblnct. Hazel Schad, Irene Thedy, Alex Bar
nard, David Berltch. Charles Brown, Robert
Blaich, William Craig, Henry Diercks. Tirrel
Fletcher. Walter Haas, Alfred Humphreys,
Charles Linn, John Lehners. . Milton Llchten
stadter. Barnard Levy. Joseph Malfanti, Alaric
Messier, Thomas McNamara. Benjamin Norton,
Kldon Sharp, Hugh Young.
Those receiving medals were:
Mary Christal. Catherine Kelly, Milton Lich
tenstadter and Alaric Messier.' 1
Others graduating with honors were:
Marlon Frisbie, Rosebud Mlsh, William
Craig, Alfred Humphreys and Charles Linn.
Graduating Exercises.
Clement Grammar Holds Interesting
SCHOOL QUARTET SINGS.
Arthur Barnes, Harold Boyd, John Glackln,
Hcr.ry Kolby, James Manning, Edna Carley,
Flora Crawford, Emma Farrell, Mary Feedely,
Lillian Fitzpatrick, Florenze Heroux, May Kee
nan. Emma King, Mary Meehan, Agnes
O'Brien, Carrie Plutt, Mary Powers and Hazel
Webb.
The Irving Scott Primary School held
graduating exercises yesterday after
ncon. The opening address was made by
Miss M. M. Murphy, principal, after
which she introduced R. H. Webster, Su
perintendent of Public Schools, who de
livered an interesting address to the
graduates and presented them with di
plcmas. Miss Mabel Buchanan gave a
piano solo, which was followed by recita
tions by Sadie Kaunitz, Nellie Stephens,
Harold Boyd, Margarette Mulville, Mary
Brady, Oliver Stralin, Ida Turnbull, Al
ma Leffman, Alice Brown and "WilHe
Beckman.< Many songs were ren
dered by the class. The graduates re
ceiving medals were: Harold Boyd, Mary
Meehan, Agnes O'Brien and Emma King.
Miss Edna Carley received honorable
mention. Other graduates were:
With Honors.
Irving M. Scott Pupils Graduate
PRIMARY SCHOOL EXERCISES.
New Bowling Record.
SAN JOSE, June 5. — August/ Menn Jr.
broke the coast bowling record at the
Garden City alleys last night* by aver
aging the remarkable score of 207 1-5" In
five games. His scores follow— 201, 193, 177,
220, 245. This is an average of four pins
more than the record, which was made In
Oakland - two months ago.
Young of boston Hits the Ball Under [
. Score Board and Makes Circuit
of Bases.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CLEVELAND. June 5.— Young won his own
game to-day by making a fluke home run.
The hit was, only a single, but the ball rolled
under the score board . and Young made the
circuit. Both Young . and Joss pitched • excel
lent ball. Attendance. 3900. Score:
- R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 9 - ' • 2
Boston ..../..- 3 6 1
Batteries — Joss and Wood: Young and Criger.
BALTIMORE, June 5.— The Baltimore Club
lost to-day's game to St. Louis. Powell re
placed Reldy In the ninth and struck out two
men with three men on bases and one run
needed . to tie the score. Attendance. 1500.
* ' - ' **£*, ' ' ¦ Ha XI* £•
Baltimore 6 11.' 1
St. Louis ...; 7 14 3
Batteries — Hughes and " Robinson; Reldy,
Powell and Donohue.
WASHINGTON. June 0. — Two bases on balls.
Kelster's hit and an error in the seventh
inning -won for Washington to-day. Attend
ance, 4000. Score:. .
R. H. E.
Washington 5 6 6
Detroit 3 7 2
Batteries — Patton and. Clark; Mullen and Mc-
Guire. >
PHILADELPHIA. .June 5.— Chicago out.
played Philadelphia to-day at all points and
won hands down. Attendance. 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 11 15 0
Philadelphia 3 9 2
Batteries — Griffith and Sullivan; . Hustings
and Powers.
. NATIONAL LEAGUE.
• BROOKLYN, . June 6. — Brooklyn defeated
Cincinnati in the third game to-day. Donovan,
for Brooklyn, pitched a perfect game, striking
out eight men. Attendance, 2500. Score:
: . R. w H. E.
Cincinnati 0 4 3
Brooklyn : 4 9 0
Batteries — Currle and Peltz; Donovan and
Farrell. Umpire — Emslle.
PHILADELPHIA. June 5.— The home team
failed to secure a hit or a run until the
eighth Inning, when they tied the score^through
a wild throw by Chesbro and four hits, in
the ninth Fraser's bad throw, with five hits,
trave Plttsburg the game. Attendance, 1600.
Score : ¦ ¦ ,
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 9 13 II
Philadelphia 4 4 3
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Fraser and
Dooin. Umpires — Brown and Powers.
BOSTON, June 5.— Boston lost to-day's game
: by poor fielding. Every St. Louis man who
; scored reached first on an error. Both pitchers
kept the hits well scattered. Attendance. 1700.
Score :
. R. H. E.
Boston 0 7 a
St. Louis 3 6 1
I . Batterle* — Eason and -KIttredge; M. O'Neill
and J.' O'Neill. Umpire— O'Day.
NEW YORK. June 5. — New York won an
other game to-day. The home team played a
sharp and sure game In -.the field and this
work gave them the victory. Attendance, 2300.
Score :
V R. H. } E.
Chlcaeo f .....3 12 2
New. York .. .../.:....'., 4 . .6 8
Batteries— Menefee and Chance; Sparks and
Yeaser. Umpire — Cantllllon.
SCORES A HOME RUN '•/
ON AN INFIELD HIT
Graduating- honors, commercial department —
Miss Alice E. McNevin. Grammar grade cer
tificates — Masters Charles A. Whelan, Paul A.
O'Neill, James A. Mullany, Misses Mabel
Wise, Mary E. Sliscovich, Nonie M. Boullet,
Hendrina L. SchafHeld, Mary V. Robinson,'
Josephine M. Semorile, Julia E. McNevin.
Commercial class, distinsuished- : — Misses Jo
sephine Russell, Margaret Nelsoj^ Annie Con
nors, Hattie Robinaon, Cecewa O'Connor,
Elizabeth Dooley. Honorary promotions — Mas
ters Charles Whelan, James Mullany, Paul
O'Neill, James Maloney, Misses Mary Slisco
vich, Nonie Boullet, Mabel Wise, Hendrina
Schaffield, Minnie Clecak, May Purcell, Alice
Mattson, Mary LogUe, Louise Ulrich, Alice
Cavanagh, Agnes Burke, Frances Kearney.
Teresa Hurley, Anna Hennessy, Anna Jack
ullzza, Irene Mullany, Anna Johnson, Mary
Cleary. Mary Beatty, Anna Periche, Elizabeth
Downey, Mary Clayburth, Cecelia Callaghan,
Eunice Connors, Johanna Jochlick, May Ryan,
Cecelia Dinniene, Sarah Fitzpatrick. Isabel
Russell, Mary Murphy, Madeline McDevltt,
Cecelia Robinson, Anastasia McGilloway, Katie
Comisky, Master Thomas Burke.
The following are the names of those
who took graduating honors and were
distinguished in the commercial depart
ment and those who received grammar
grade certificates and honorary promo
tions:
Salutatory; march, orchestra; jubilee
march, "Fifty Golden Years"; Sunshine
Trio," (Drumheller); "Mother's Soldier
Boy"; "Come Where the Lilies Bloom ;
"Musical Box." trio (Muller); "The
Monk's Vision": "Alpine Storm" (Kun
kel). Misses A. McNevin, G. Cook. J. Russell.
Master C. Whelan: dreamland; "Scherzo
Brilliant" (Sponholtz); "Our Sovereten Pon
tiff.'^ Masters O'Xeill, Whelan and Mullaney;
operatic selections, orchestra; operetta, "Rial
to" (Valentine); fairy revel, "Ernani, ' VI
Lombardl" (Fischetti), Misses A. McNevin,
G. Cdok, J. Russell; "Lauda Sion."
The closing exercises of Our Lady of
Mercy Academy, at the corner of Fre
mont and Harrison streets, took place
at 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon.
The following interesting programme
was finely rendered:
Its Closing Exercises.
Our Lady of Mercy Academy Holds
PROGRAMME WELL RENDERED
Miss McGuire expressed her thanks for
the gift. The balance of the afternoon
was devoted to merry-making, speeches
and song.
After the presentation of the medals
and diplomas a lunch was enjoyed by
principal and graduates, during which a
handsome brass ewer was presented by
the graduating class to the vice princi
pal, Miss Blanche McGuire.
Medals for deportment and scholarship— Miss
Dora Fauser, Miss Freddie Gilmore,' Miss Eva
Robbins. Miss Hilda Jorgensen and John Me-
Cormack. Diplomas — Miss- Alma Anderson,
Miss Alice Clavere, Miss Amalie Cournau,
Miss May Dunn, Miss Camellia Garbarlno,
Miss Go.rtrude Harrington, Miss Tillle John
son. Mins . Bertha Noiwnmann, Miss Gertrude
Rose and George Anderson.
At the completion of the programme
the diplomas and medals were presented
by Principal Philip Prior as follows:
"The Lovely Rose," class song; vo
cal solo, Mis« F. Gllmore; ' "My
Heart's • In the I Highlands,"., class song;
"Speed ' Our Republic," class . song; in
strumental solo, zither Miss A. Clavere; "Auld
Lang Syne," class song; "Lullaby," class song;
duet, with piano, and zither accompaniments,
Miss A. Anderson and Miss Clavere; "Star-
Spangled Banner,"' class' song.
Graduating, exercises were held yes
terday afternoon at Burnett Primary
School, corner, of Fourteenth avenue
South and L. street. The programme
was as follows:
Lunch and Make Merry.
Graduates of Burnett Primary School
PUPILS BECEIVE DIPLOMAS.
Talent— J. T. Snell, E. H. Klmball. J. Mor
« 3^' 3'™°™**' W. L. Grimmle, H. J.
Holden. H. W. Burkus.
Printing— James P. Adams, G. Sauer H
Romer. H: Radloff, G. W. Taylor.
Press— William Richardson. F. Fournler
Robert Smith, H. English - ¦
Music— G. L. Prentice, G. Long, T. Webber,
Robert Abrams. ¦ y
Stage— W.'R. Simms. J. Fagan, J. Victor,
G. Garrand, H. Eugene.
Carriages — G. Habermacher, H. Rosemond,
H. Klauss. R. Wakeman, William WhorfT.
Reception — L. H. Johns, I. Marks. C. Dorh
ing T. G. Andrews, W. Ralston, William
Quinn, J. Malcolm, Al Stringer, F. Woods, H.
B. Forbes, George Gahts.
The members of the "Fiddle Dee Dec"
company worked overtime yesterday af
ternoon in order to aid the Theatrical Em
ployes' Club of San Francisco. " This ex
tra matinee was due to the goodness. of
heart of Manager Fischer and the clever
people behind the' footlights. Every dol
lar was turned over to the club.
_There was a very good attendance.
The efforts of Barney Bernard, Messrs.
Kolb and Dill, Maud Amber, Freda Gal
lick and other clever.people in the organ
ization were highly appreciated. The
laughter was increased by the timely
jokes' sprung for the occasion by the come
dians. The success of the benefit was
due to the efforts of the following com
mittees: .
Delmas was the batting king of the day.
He rapped out two doubles and a single
out of three times up. Wagner collided
with Hogan in trying to squeeze one of
Del's doubles in left and was put out for
a. lew minutes. He soon recovered and
played the game out. Both pitchers had
many chances and took them all grace
lully. Outfielder Lawler has been released
by Manager Harris. The score:
SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McXichols. 2b 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
McHaJe, If 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Kordyke, lb 4 0 1 0 19 0 1
Shugart. rf 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Leahy, c 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Holly', es 4 110 2 2 0
Rellly 3b 4 0 0 0 15 0
Belmas. cf 3 0 3 0 2 0 0
"Whaler., p 3 0 0 0 0 6 0
Totals S3 1 8 0 30 18 1
SACRAMENTO,
¦v AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, p 4 0 0 0 3 6 0
Hulen. 2b 3 0 10 2 3 0
Fheehan, Sb 4 0 10 3 10
Caean, lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 1
Ungl&ub, ss 4 0 1 0 3 2 2
Oraham, c 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Hogan. cf 4 0 1 0 2 0 O
"Warner, If 3 o 0 1 0 0 0
Cutter, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 33 0 4 1 »28 13 3
•One rcan cut when winning run was scored.
RUXS AND HITS BY IXXIXGS.
Kaeramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0*0 0 0
Base hits 1 1 0000001 1 I
Bmn Francisco .0 00000000 1 I
Base hits 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 1 5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Sheehan, Unglaub. Delmas 2.
F&crifice hit — Delma^. First base on errors
San Francisco. 1; Sacramento. 1. First baEe
on called bails — San Francisco, 5; Sacramento,
Left on bases — Pan Francisco, 5; Sacramento
4. Struck out — By Whalen, 1: by Doyle 1
Hit by pitcher— AVeetit. Time of game — 1 '
fccur and 4-j minutes. Umpire — McDonald
The fun went merrily on without a
point until the tenth round, when the
winning tally was brought in by Holly.
He opened the tenth with a hot drive
over second and advanced on Reilly's
bunt, beating the throw to second. Del
xnas sacrificed and Kagan thought he saw
a chance to catch the runner napping at
third. He threw over Sheehan's head and
Holly scooted over the rubber with the
telling run.
The game can easily be classed as a
pitcher s battle. Both Whalen and Doyle
unwound a variety of curves and shoots
and mixed up twisters that were enough
to make their managers feel like raising
their salaries. Honors were just about
even up, but Whaien's support was better
and therefore he managed to win out-
It was a beautiful, snappy little game,
cud the Thursday crowd which took a
chance to look at it was glad to be on the
tpGi. Eagan's fatal xniscue was the only
die which had a bearing on the result,
though both teams managed to squirm
out of a few piaces which looked tight.
There were numerous pretty bits of field
ing scattered along the line of battle,
and "all the hits were those clean kind
•wiuch have a cheery sound when they
leave the bat.
The Senators fought just a trifle harder
yesterday afternoon Just because it was
the thirteenth game they were about to
lose. They finally lost it, or rather Truck
tagan lost It for them. As Truck is a
voting citizen of Sacramento, it was a
victory for the Ponies over the Senatorial
team end not over Truck, as many were
ltd to believe. The score was 1 to 0, and
an extra round had to be attached before
Jim McDonald had a chance to say who
should be the goods.
Programme Delights < Large
and Friendly Audience
at Fischer's.
Holly Scores Only Run on
Eagan's Bad Throw in
the Tenth.
Selections, orchestra; vocal solo, "Danny
Deever" (Damrosch), H. Barnhart, Ffetcher
Husband at the piano; violin solo, selected D.
Abecassis; vocal .solo, "Irish Folk Song," Miss
Ruby Hart; songs (a). "Au Rose" (Cursch
nran), (b) "Ich Grolle Nicht" (Schuman). H.
Barnhart; duet, "O That We Two Were May
ing" (Henschel), Mlsa Ruby Hart and H. Barn
hart.
Harry Creasy Allan, Edith California Beard,
Mabelle Adelfa Brekke, Alice Evelyne Byrne.
May Fennell Donahue, Eva Helene Graft, Mar
guerite Harney, Elizabeth Johnson, Ada
Marion Johnston,. Edith Therese Kes
seler, Isaac Kessler. Mabel Ella Lee,
Zoe Deane Levicy, Laura Josephine McCarthy,
Florence Emily Xeppert, Amy Louise Oat,
Mary Hazel- Pedlar, Calla Claire Pedlar,
Hubert Frost, Sarah P. Riley. Lurllne Estelle
Swan&on. Harry Scheel, Lulu Helen button,
Lucy Annie Tolley, Arthur Thode, Florence
Hastings Wyatt, Ida Maude "W'higham.
•The following programme was render
ed in addition to the addresses:
Director "Woodward, before present
ing the diplomas, said he had been told
that all he had to do was to hand over
the diplomas and say nothing; now he
found he was down for "Advice to Grad
uates," which he didn't think was quite
fair, as he was a poor speaker. He man
aged, however, to keep the graduates and
audience in roars of laughter by his wit
and in conclusion bade the members of
the class to be true to themselves and by
their lives of honesty give to the world
a great example. He then presented the
diplomas.
The following are the graduates of June,
1902:
Director • Mark told of the growth of
the Mission High School from a little twig
in 1S96 to the lull-grown tree of 1902, and
said it was the only school that had been
named after the district where it was lo
cated, t
The graduates sat In rows on the stage,
literally surrounded with beautiful flow
ers. The stage lights were hidden by bou
quets of roees and carnations, and fully
fifty handsome baskets, filled with frag
rant blossoms, tributes to the young grad
uates, lined the front of the orchestra.
President Denman made the opening re
marks. He spoke feelingly of the young
pupils who had now finished their twelve
years' study in the city schools.
Joseph O'Connor, /principal of the Mis
sion High, read an address, "The Pupil,
the Parent and the Teacher." He spoke
of general education in the schools in San
Francisco and said the only way the pupil
could have ultimate success was by hav
ing the parent and the teacher in touch
¦with him or her.
Director Roncovieri said the Mayor
had begged him to present the latter' a
regrets £or not being able to be present,
but he had been called away on ofllci&l
business. The Mayor had asked him to
state that he was very sorry he could
not have the pleasure of ¦ meeting the
graduates and also his old teacher, now
principal of the Mission High School, Mr.
O'Connor. Mr. Roncovieri then direct
ed a few words of advice to the gradu
ates.
THE large auditorium of the Mis
sion High School on the corner of
Eighteenth and Dolores streets
was packed last night by . the
friends and relatives who had
coma to attend the graduating exercises.
the presentation of <¦ diplomas. Those re
ceiving medals were: Mary A. Pence,
Edna F. Harrington, Margarette Grif
fith, Myrtle Little, Floyd Walker,
Charles Stone, Bernett Hamilton and
Cecil Young:. Those who received honor
able mention were: Margarette Bairn,
Ruth Aubury, Oscar Meyerick, George
Cummings, Florence Woodall, Violet Car
doza, I Corinnl Reuck, Alice Swanson,
Helen ! Durkee, Jessie McDonald and
Harold Peeler.
Gertrude's Academy. Miss M. Rosa; Fanny,
crown bearer to queen. Miss M. ' Kllcommon;
Genevleve, scepter bearer to the queen, Miss
A. Williams; maids of honor to queen. May,
Miss M. Flynn; Imelda, Miss M. Roach;
Gladys, Miss A. McCarry; Angela, Miss J."
Chiappari; Tessie, Miss A. Crondona: Janet,
Miss L. Greene; Laura. Miss A. McNulty;
Rita. Miss C. Cuneo; Ethel. Miss I. Glover:
Irene, Miss A. Chrlstianson; Edna. Miss E.
Alves; chorus to fairies; gypsies, Zllda, Miss
D. Gallatln; other gypsies. Misses M. Gaft
ney, M. Bardet. T. Razzetto, T. Schenone, L.
Campadonico. J. Campadonlco, A. Brusco, C.
Bog-an, J. Bowen: chaperon . to Pauline and
Adelaide. Miss J. Taylor; governess to Pauline
and Adelaide. Miss E. Cawson.
"Piddle Dee Dee" Com
pany's Aid Jbo Theat
rical Employes.
Senators Suffer Their
Thirteenth Consecu
tive Defeat.
Honors "Are Conferred Before Great Audience of Relatives and
Friends and Extraordinary Floral Decorations Mark Scene*
ANOTHER GAME
FOR THE PONIES
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES
RECEIVE DIPLOMAS WELL EARNED
BENEFIT HELPS
THEIR TREASURY
TECE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, \FRIDAYj JtHsfE 6, 1902/
10
• * . * -t ' '
li^K / c .^. Wholesome
§ mmS%^^R ii dWe ise T
r d ear » sparKlin^,
P alatable » Has a
flavor peculiarly
itis own, mailing it the most
popular bottled beer for table use
in cottage and mansion all 'round
the wide, wide world* ,V
AnheuserBu^ch Brewing Ass n
. St. Lewis, U/ a. A.
Vretears also of B!cck O Tan, Anhouser-Slaudard. Pa!e-?»a««*,
Faust. Export Pale, Exquisite, Miehelob pad Malt-JVatrtots*
All orders promptly filled by ; -A- p'i-/.\
E. G. LYONS & RAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
' ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
§ VIM. VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of '.the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Nlfrht Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, ,Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of' Semen, -#~i. Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *3 C jff rou s Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote ** t " * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
?2 50 by mail. *A written guarantee to cure or-
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis St.,
8an Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and 40 Third at.
£ I Wsfl SB Imj sb Bk8
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great I
OF ANATOHY^
\ ' | l^T The Larrest Anateaiul Museum ta the \
0 _*.lT.i" World - VVe»kneii« or iny coniracted 1 1
a W*&n ? 5f2 « r .S~" l " w ' l ''« : ""^byt!>eolUest f
% WS, S I !>P«ci»!ist on tie Co«t. Ejl 36 ye»rs- ©
1 fl »K* S DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN Or
\ lww)S Con«mltation free and stsictly printe. \
•7 i Jj^t H TrM!m!;nt personally or by letter. A B
\ S Vs n H ¦ r ** itiln CW«ineTerye»$enndert»kea. \
iRff llA Wntefor Book. PniLOMimV.f A
V " a I 1 * ntRREAGG, MAILED F3EE. ( A. ¥
Jk £ fL Tiltuble b*ok for mrn) \
r f>K. JOBDAS A CO.. 1051 M«rk?tHt..S. F. 9
¦ hJ0 FAVORITE
|M FOR WEAK WOMEM.
£ WONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
A LL DISEASES CURED
r\ exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
0:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
"O "O TT Q TJ 17 Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DilUuJl£iU ers ' bootblacks, bath-
*^^ houses, billiard tables,
bre^rs, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, fiourmills, . foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, .tanners, tailors, etc
fc.UCtlANA.1 BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramsnto St
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
CAUFOflWA NORTHWESTEROL CO
V LESSEES
SA.J IRAHCISUJ AHi) mm PAClFIi!
, RAILWAY CO1IPA5T.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot ot JKU^Icet St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFABL
AVKKK DAYS— 7:30, &:UU. 11:00 a. m.; 12:S3,
3:30, 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30,
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAX HAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:03. 7:3«. 7:80, »:20, 11:1ft
a. mt; 12:50, 3:40, 5:0O, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and tf:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4ft.
4:65, 5:05. C:25 p. m. .- ¦
L«ave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco! j May i. 1902. ISan Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days.) days. I . tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 al tenaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 al - and 10:40 a S:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p| Novato 6:05 p 0:20 p
I 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Fetaluma 10:40 at 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservllle
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdaie 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8.00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah f 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ¦ Guernevlllo I 7:35 p|10:20 a
' 3:30 p| 5:00 p| [10:40 a| 6:20 p
!• 7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma 1 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al Sebastopol . 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|5:00p| ; , |7:35p|6:20p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Sprinjrs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay.. Lakeport and
Barllett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs,. Upper Lake. Porno, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe. Orr'j
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche Cams
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport, Utal ; at Wlllits for Sherwood. Cahto"
Covelo, Laytonville, Cumralngs, Bell' u Springs
Harris. ; Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia ana
Eureka. • - "- . . -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. , \
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market st. Chronicle build-
ing. --• . • .
H. C. WHITING. V R. -x. RYAN.
--. Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.'
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
i Leave Via Sausalito Ferry • Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. 'San Fran.
:ffi£££- — •—-— "S"^
?:^»" i-mt' i*".w«*ita««ifl 12:15 p. 9:15a.
::::::::: ";» ?: -t»oi of mumr i ff 0 j- ••••—
.... 2:30 r. • »»"m«?«r«it &l5r'"""Z
Ikkrt Offlcw, (31 XAUII BTOIX1 u4 SiCiXUTO KUX..
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrlre at
»AS IVRAXCISCO.
£¦.', ','.' (Main Line, foot of Market Street.)
LsxTg — From Ji7X» 1. 1902. — ab»it»
7.00a Benicla, Sulsun, Klmlra »nd Sacra-
mento S'lS^
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winters. Rumsey 7.65P
7.30a Mantnez, San Kainon, Vallejo.
Xapa. Callstoga, Santa Kosa B-Zar
8.00a DavU. Woodland, KnlghU Landing,
Marysvllle. Orovllle 7-65r
8.00a Atlantle-Express— Ogden and Eait. 8.25a
8.00a KileivLathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8.00a Nlles\ Me»dota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
PorterviUe 4.55p
8 30a Shasta Express— Davis, William*
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows, J
Red Blafl, Portland f»55P
8.30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stockton*
lone, Sacramento, Placervlll»,
Marysvllle, Chleo, Red Bluff 4-25f
8.30a Oalcdale,Chlaeae,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25r
9.00a Vallejo 12.25*
S 00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced,
Kaymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65f
10.00a Hayward. Nile* and Way Station*. t12.55*
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Eenver, Omaha. Chlcaso 5.25f
ti.OOF Sacramento River Steamers til.OOr -
aJiOr Benlcis. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodland, Will lama, Willow*.
KnlfchW Landing. Marysvllle,
Orovllle 10.55a
1£0t Hayward. Nilei aad Way Stations.. 7-55r
.00r Martinez.San Ramon. ValleJo,Napa,
Callitoga, Santa Rosa «3-?§*
4. OOp Niles, Hveriaore.Stociton.Lodl.. 12.25F
4 30p Hayward,Nllei,SanJose.Llvermor« tS.SaA
4.3flp The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Saugu* for Santa
Barbara, Lot Angeles 8 55a
6.00f PortCoita,Tracy,Lathrop,SCockton 10-2Sa
B-OOr Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 1Z25f
t5.30r Nlles Local 7.25a.
6.00i> Hayward, Nlles and San Jose 7.55a
t6.OOP Vallejo-.. 1L25a
6.00f Orlentaf Ma!l— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 4 25 r
7-OOp Saa Pablo, Port Costa, ilartlne*
and Way Stations 11-25*.
t7.00F Vallejo 7-55F
8C5f Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8.55a
t9-10F Hayward and Nlles tii-SSA
COAST LINE Harrow daagre).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7.45a. Santa Cruz Excursion Z *SOSr
8-1 5a Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and W«y Stations 5-537
t2-15? Newark, CentervUle. San Jose.
New Almaden, Feltos, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10-50* ,
4.1 5p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t850A
•4-iaP San Jose. Los Oatos. SantaCruz... 08 50 «.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAX KKANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 a.x. 1.C0 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 $8:00
t8:03 10:U)A.M. 12 00 2-00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad flaagej.
« " (Third ana Towrnsend Streets.)
8.10*. San Jose and Way Stations 63S*.
+7.00* San Joxe and Way Stations..... ... + 8-D0a
/7.00a New Almaden.. /4.10f
;7.15a. Monterey Excursion ../ 18.307
8.00a Count Line Limited — San Jose.
GHroy. Salinas, San Lull Oblspo,
Santa Barbara, Lot Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.45?
9.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Paclac Grove, Salinas, Saa Lul»
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a. San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a SanJose,LoaG»to8andWayStatlons t9.00A
a1.33P San Jose and Way Stations <z7.0Qp
2.30p San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa, Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Crnz. Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove : 10.45a
t330i» San Jose and Way Stations 7.30f
t4.00P Del Monte Express — Only stops Saa
Jose :.t120iF
4.30p San Jose and PrincipalWayStatlons 1.3OF
I5.00P San Jose. Los Gato* and Principal
Way Stations 6-30?
5.30p SanJnse and PrincipalWayStatlons 6-307
IS-15P San Mateo. Beltnont. Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.48A
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7 JOT
7.00f New Orleans Express — San Lola
Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los Aa-
fcelea. Demin?, El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10.15*.
•11.45P San June and Way Stations..... ....
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. .
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only,
ft Saturday and /Tuesday and Fridaj.
Sunday only. j '. ;> -.
Santa Fe ~
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
I IJm'dl
Local Mon& Local OvrVd
Dally Thurs Daily Dally
Lv Sttn FYan 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
'Ar Stockton 12 :10 p 11 :45 a 7 :1S p 11 :15 p
"Merced .. 2:35p 1:17 p 1:30a
" Fresno .. 4:10 p 2:35 p ' 3:15*
" Hanford . 5:M p 3:27 p| 8:05 a
"Vlsalla .. 5:33p 5:00a
" B'kersrd 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:35 &
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chicago 2:15 p| ...J8:47p
a for morning, -p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily la Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives a: 8 a. m.
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. la Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuta out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. tn.
dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway
*'
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
V>A Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April' 27, 1902.
FKOM ™/^S«» A ~««. VAl^BT,
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »9:00. »10-00 11 -on
WEEK DAYS-3:20. 7^408as. C S^-
11:00 a. m..-12:25. 2:15. '3:30. 4^6. ofao.^:^
SUNDAYS— « :00. *3:C0. <9:30 »ll-on . m
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentlo.
io :^ 1 1 12:35 - 2:45 - *k T -& 1® *i&
SUNDAYS— «:30. 7:55, 10-05 11-1O ». •»
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. i:»S # (Rof &*"lo5S
THROUGH TRAINS.
stltloiu!* ."" Week d «y»-<^adero sad wa,
station*. 0 " m " Saturdayil -Casad«o *adi way
Tomi^a^d w e a e y t s d tt?? OI Ji! atUr<Uy " « c «**»>-
¦tottons^ ¦"• Suad «»-Caxadero aad wa,
¦titloM.*" m ' Sunda y»— P°lat Reyea and way.
ABVEKTJSEMZNTS.
f n
§< Specialists
\ FOR
Lmen
NOT A DOLLAR TO
BE PAH) UNTIL A
CURE IS EFFECTED
Not Weakness— Symptoms 1
By far the greater number of pa-
tients seeking relief for so-called
weakness are etrorus, robust men In
every other respect. Loss of vitality
prematureness. etc., are not weak-
nesses, but the symptoms of Inflam-
matory processes In the Prostate
Gland (so-called neck of bladder)
caused by contracted disorders and
too often repeated and too long con-
tinued excitement. Under our local
plan of treatment, directed toward
reducing the enlarged and swollen
prostate. Immediate results, as In-
dicated by Increased circulation and
renewed strength, are observed
DR. TALCOTT & CO.
U40 MAEKET STCEET
Opposite Bale's.
Our colored chart of the organs
which we send free on application. Is
Interesting to any one wishing to
etudy the anatomy of the male.
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TAKT PUBLIC AND ATT0RNET-AT-LAW
Tenth BWg.
**"!&& %£g* 8 kmet l0 lV P °^
/y k 15 BT TW £ e6m ' C**!". Stove*. Etc
Ik fl/l I I J* nts for Rent and for Sale.
1 /I ME \* Guns.Hifle,, Fishing Tackls
litl III and Sporting Goods. Send
%rXjLJLI.I. A tor Catalogue. 6HREVE 4
BARBER CO. 789 Market
ct. and 611 Eearny tt
why you can get the hat in almost ; every style. They come, in
. Derbys, Fedoras, Pantourists, T Pan-Americans, Crushers and
Graecos. The soft hats come in many different colors with differ-
ent colored -bands and bands to match. .'
We picture on the left the latest Derby. It has a high crown
wide, high turned brims. This Derby alone; comes in many
proportions; so as to insure a stylish hat for any cast of features.
.Black is the only. color in the Derbys. .
I On the right we show a . Fedora which is; likewise the latest
Notice the wide brimsj— that is what is being worn this summer.
The colors are black, steel with steel or black band, pearl with '
pearl or black band and beaver.: Any color or style. ;
Cut-of-iown orders filled— write us. '
718 Market StreetNew York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 5. — There was more busi
ness in stocks to-day than on any day of the
week. The increased activity was a result
of adflltional pressure to sell. The disposition
to cell was not confined to any one portion
of the list and was quite evenly distributed
amt>r.g the usually prominent stocks. The sell
ing was not urgent, but was persistent and
caine-d in volume toward the latter part of
the day. 1'robably the meet effective single
lactor in the weaknews of the market wu a
general feeling of anxiety over the develop
ments in the labor world. The high tension
to which feeling hits been raised In the anth
racite region, as t-hown by the boycott meas
ures and public demonstrations by friends of
the strikers caused uneasiness, which was in
tensified by the example of the violence In
the Chicago teamsters' strike. In the ranks
ot the operators and the financial powers in
the commercial industry there was some feel
ing mac'fei'ted over the step taken by the
New York Board of Trade and Transportation
in sending a . petition to the President to in
terv«ie and take measures to effect a settle
ment of the questions in diepute. Th« report
from Washington that the Buggestion was un
der consideration by the chief executive did
not tend to reassure holders of the stocks of
cool-carrying roads and they sought J.o lighten
their holdings. Reports that strlkens in the
va!l»-y Iron foundries were prepared to resume
work was pointed to In thla connection and
had rather a depressing influence than other
wise. The lake freight handlers' strike and
the deal to curtail ore deliveries also received
new consideration. The reports of continued
'heavy orders for all grades of Iron products
for delivery far Into the future did not avail
to relieve the heaviness of the United States
EASTERN MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight. .... t .... — 4 S8U
Sterling Cables — • 4 89 Vi
New York Exchange, sight — 15 •
NewYork Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, .per ounce , — ;• 62
Mexican Dollars, nomipal — > 45%
, Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT-^The foreign markets continue in
good shape and firm.
Chicago opened firmer, but fell back again,
losing %o on, the day. Business was dull. ' Lo
cal operators sold, as. a rule. Eighteen loads
were taken for export. The Southwest was
reported getting uneasy over the continued'
rains, and reports from that section said that
another week of rain would make the situation
there serious.
In this market shipping grades were' weaki
whllo futures showed little change.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 1O@1 11%; milling,
$1 13%®1 15 per ctl. - ¦.
CALL BOARD SALES..
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $1 11. .
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, $1 10%;
10,000. $1 10%; 10,000. $1 10%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 56, C03
ctls. $1 10%.
Afternoon 1 Session — December— 4000 f ctls,
$1 10%.
BARLEY — Continues weak, with holders
making concessions to effect sales. Futures are*
qul et. •
Feed, 05@96%c for No. 1 and 90@93%c tor
off grades; brewing. 97%c; Chevalier, $120
asked for standard. ' .
, - CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 -o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— July, new— 2000 ctls, 84c.
Regular . Morning Session— December — 6000
ctls. 82%c. ' .
Afternoon Session — July, new — 10,000 ctls,
84c. Seller. 1902. new — 2000, 811/ic
OATS — The situation remains as before the
market being quiet here, but firmly held in
sympathy with conditions in the north; ,
Grays. $1 37%@1 45; Whites, • $1 35@1 50;
Milling, $1 50@l 55; Black. $1 25@1 35; Red.
$1 32%«T>1' 45 per ctl. .
I CORN— The market stands the same. The
demand. is slack and the feeling Is weak; sup
plies being adequate ; for all current require-'
1 l>arge Yellow, $1 45®1 50; small round do
£1 600162%: White. $1 55@1 60.
RYE— 90©95c per ctl. \
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
. Flour, and Millstuffs..
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 60®
Exchange and- Bullion.
Dullness continues to prevail in local stocks
and bonds, and prices showed no change worthy
of note on the morning session of the Exchange.
In the oil stocks there was some activity in
Petroleum Center at 7c, a decline, and Ster
ling was lower at $1 55@1 57%.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was firmer at
$70 .60 and Oceanic Steamship weaker at $25.
Petroleum Center declined to 5c.
The following were ex-dlvldend yesterday:
Onomea Sugar Co. — Regular monthly, 20c per
share, amounting to $10,000. Pacific Lighting
¦Co. — Regular monthly. 35c per share, amount
ing to $11,550. West Shore Oil Co.— Dividend
No. 7, of 5e per share, amounting to $5000.
The Mercantile Trust Company state* that
the $750,000 bonds of the North Shore Railroad
Company have been well subscribed for, and
that the amount that the trust company had
expected to take has been reduced to accommo
date the public.
The following quotations for United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received yesterday
from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. :
Common stock, $23 S7%@24 12%; preferred
$64 62%®64 87%/ bonds, $91@01 50; subscrip
tions, $102 87%@103.
At a special meeting yesterday the United
Railroads of San Francisco authorized the issue
of $35,275,000 In 25-year 4 per tent gold bonds.
Of this Issue there will be reserved to provide
for the present outstanding bonds of the former
street railway companies and far further im
provements $15,275,000. The first general
mortgage 4 per cent geld bonds, amounting to
$5,000,000, have already been subscribed for
and allotted at 92%. with accrued interest from
April 1, 1902, and now that the issue has been
authorized by the stockholders these bonds will
soon be delivered. The remainder of the bonds
will be disposed of in the future as the busi
ness requires. .
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. June 5—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask
4s qr coup..H0%lll |4a qr cp(new)138 137
4s qr reg 109%110 3s qr coup..lO7%10S 1 i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5b. 91% — Oak W G 5s.lO3% — <
Bay CPC 5s.lO8% — Oceanic S 5s. OS 93
C C G&E 5s.lO5% — Omnibus 63. — 130
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Pac G Im 4s. 07
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & C H 6s.l06%110
Ed L & P 6s. — - PkfcOR 6s. — 125
Fer&C H Cs. — 123 Pwl-st R 0s. — _
Geary-st 5s.. — 94% Sac EGR 5s. — loiu
H C&S 5%s.lO2 . — SF & SJV5s.122%1'>2%
Do 5s — 97% Sierra Cal 6s. — 116%
L Ansr R 5s.llS%tl:»'.(. S P of A 6s •
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1909) . . . .11.1«H4%
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....115 —
Do gtd 5s. — — S P of C 6s
L A & P Ss.lC'J — <1005)Sr A.106% —
. Do lem &S.103 — (19lO)Sr B
Mkt-st C 6s. — • 129 (1906) HO —
Do lem 5s.l20r%122 (1912) 120% —
NRofC Cs.mvui-.r:, S P of C 1st '
Do 5s 121% — c gp.td 5s. — —
N Pac C 5s. — ? — Do stmpd.109% —
N S It It oa.100%101 SP Br Cal 6sl39%140
CHICAGO. June 5. — As a result of the ex
cessive rains in- the Southwest over a large
portion of the j Winter wheat country commis
sion houses had good buying orders at the
opening. There was still- out good short inter
est and both the leading elevator interest ani
the corn bull crowd supported the pit. ? These
influences ' were too much for the unresponsive
cables, Export business- was poor and shipping
houses ;¦ did nothing. With shorts covering
freely at the start. July made opening sales
at a shade lower to %@%c higher at.71%@
72%c, and- after some wavering touched 72%c.
The wet. .weather was working .against Im
provement In the spring,, country, but despite
this Influence and the good • show of corn
strength; the early buyers were 'satisfied with
small profits.,' There seemed to be 'no faith
on the bull side after the early bulge and gen
eral liquidation brought a sharp slump for
July down to 71%@71%c. The outside inter
ests are very small In the market at the pres
ent and. traders feel that this Is partly the
reason for the liquidation of the buying crowd
There was a partial recovery toward the end
of the session, but July closed weak. %c down
at 71%@71%c. .
Traders in corn were inclined to a bearish
view of the market, but prices, acted against
them. Considerable strength was shown most
of the session, although much of the advance
was lost when wheat broke. July closed firm
%c up at 62% ©62 Vic.
Activity marked the traders In oats. July
new standard ,wa» especially in demand. The
close was strong, %o up.
. Provisions ruled -weak. There was a mark
ed change In front by the packers, who have
been buying of late, and when they appeared
as sellers prices broke. An easy hog market
also was a bearish Incentive. July pork closed
12%@16c down, lard 2%@5c lower and ribs
7%c lower. . •-
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
10c lower; No. 3 spring wheat, 73%igi73%c; No'
2 red. 79#80c; No. 2. oats, 42@43^c; No 2
white. «45%<!: No. 3 white, 44%@48e; No. 2 ryd
r.8%@59e; f«lr to choice maltlne: barley. 60®
CSc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 CC@1 57; No. 1 north-
Chicago Grain and Produce.
GOOSEBERRIES— $3 per chest and 1%®3c in
bulk; English, i.er drawer and in
bulk. ,
CURRANTS— $4@0 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS — 10<g:50c per drawer
APRICOTS— 60c@$l per box and $1 25@1 50
per crate,' with some fancy crates higher.
- APPLES — $2 50@3 per box for old and 50@60c
for green.
PEARS — Madeline 60@60c for small boxes
and $1 for lartre. . • ¦ .•
CHERRIES— White, 35@40c per box; in bulk
2@4c; Black, 40@65c per box and 3@6c In
bulk; Royal Anne, 65@90c per box and 5(Ss6c
in bulk.
FIGS — Black from Yuma, $2 00@2 50 per box
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $2@4 ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, 75c@$2;
Mediterranean Sweets, 75c@$2; St. Michaels
$150@3; Valenclas, $2 50<@4; Lemons. 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25® I 75 for good to
choice and $2@2-75 for fancy; Grape Fruit,
75c@$l 50; Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas,
$2@3 per bunch for New Orleans and $1 50®
2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nttts and Raisins.
The market continues nominal, there being
no stock here worth talking about. The New
York market is very firm. Apricots and Prunes
being in good demand for export, while the
tendency in Apples is upward. A fractional
' advance in Prunes la also noted.
. FRUITS — Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy , Moorparks ; Evapo
iated Apples, - 10@ll%c; sun dried,- 6@7c:
Peaches, 6%@8»4c: Pears, 6©9c; Plums, pitted
5@6%c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white: flg3. 3%@4%o
for black and 6%@6c for white.
• PRUNES— 1001 crop are quoted as follows:
C0-40S. 6V*@6%c; 40-50s. 0@5Uc; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; 60-70s.- 4@4Uc; 70-SOs. 3%@3%c; S0-90s,
3<&3Vic; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb. . , .
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box. ' .
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c;
No 2 C@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10<g>10%c; No. 2
7c; Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10c
for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5<iJ!7o for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts,- 12@12%c; Pecans. Il@l3c; Cocoanuts,
HONEY-rComb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per.lb. •
Chicago opened strong, but there was very
STRAWBERRIES — $7©9 per chest for Long
worths and $4©6 for Malindas; crates from
Florin. 75c@$l.
RASPBERRIES — $S@10 per chest; crates
from Loomis 00c(5$l. 1
LOGANBERRIES— $S@9 per' chest; crates
from Wallace, $1 25.
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomis
$1 50. '
Red Astrachan Apples In baskets from the
river sold for 50@00c and 40 lb. boxes also
from the river, brought $1.
Small consignments of deciduous fruits are
coming in right along and sell promptly at the
appearing quotations. Fancy Oranges were in
light supply and much sought after, but the
Citrus market generally showed little change.
One or two cars of Oranges will be auctioned
to-day.
Some strictly fancy offerings of Black Cher
ries in boxes sold for 75c but the quotations
cover the general run of offerings. ! The mar
ket had an -easier tone as retailers were ap
parently well supplied and the shipping de
mand was nothing extra. The canners were
offering 2@3c for white and 5c for the Royal
Anne in bulk.
Receipts of Strawberries were rather light
and attractive lots sold readily at the quota
tions, but some of the Malindas came in poor
and were sold lower than the quoted price.
Currants were offering more freely and sales
were made by the chest. Other Berries met
with ready sale at good prices.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
BUTTER — Creamery, 2l%<322e per pound for
fancy, 21c for firsts and 2O(g'20%c for seconds;
dairy, 17©21c: store Butter. 14@16c per pound.
CHEESE— New. 8%@9%c; old, 0@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern. 13ff?15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 20c for fancy and 17019c
for fair to good; store, 17@17.%c per dozen.
Receipts were 51,400 pounds and 24G cubes
1 barrel and" 4 kegs of Butter, 1449 cases of
Eggs, cases of Eastern Eggs. 33,900 pounds
of California Cheese and pounds of East
ern Cheese. • .
All descriptions remain about as before quot
ed. Eggs are firm, and the tendency is toward
better prices^ An occasional sale of ranch
ovei-Tire-nuotations is made. Store eggs are In
light ) supply and pretty close to ranch, with
nothing obtainable under 17c. Supplies of
cheese continue large and quotations stand as
before. Butter, too, is In good | supply, and
while several creameries are bringing as high
as 22%c this figure is not general enough for
a quotation.
Butter,- Cheese and 'Eggs.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Continued fairly
firm . on snot with stocks limited. Business
both for export and Jobbing trade was quiet.
State, common to good, 7@8%c; prime 9%@
10c; choice, 10%@10%c; fancy, lie.
The market for spot prunes was active,
owing to export demand and the limited supply
in holders' hands. Old fruit was strong, the
general list showing an advancing tend
dency. Jobbing demand only moderate. Apri
cots in some export demand and steady.
Peaches moving fairly well In a jobbing way.
PRUNES— 3% @6%c.
APRICOTS — Boxea, 10%@14c; bags, 10% @
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, 10%c.
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures
closed quiet and net unchanged to 5 pnlnt.s
higher. Total sales, 12,750 bags, including:
July, 4.90c: August, 00; September, 5.10c; Oc
tober, 5.1T.<g5.20c; December, 5.30(g5.35c;
March, 5.55c.
WHEAT — Receipts, 148,550 bushels; exports,
201.742 bushels. ¦ Spot market easy. No. 2
red, SOc elevator and 78%@70%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 hard Manitoba. 84%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
in the forenoon prices were higher, but the
afternoon brought a sharp decline and general
heaviness. An advance In corn, talk of too
much rain in Kansas, higher cables, foreign
buying and light offerings caused the early Im
provement, while realizing and a bear raid
impelled the late break. Last prices were
partly V*c net lower. July, 77%©78%c, closed
78c; September, 75 9-16@70%c, closed 75%c;
December. 76 3-16@77%c, closed 77%c.
HOPS— Qufet.
• HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Steady.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refinine, 2%c: cen
trifueal. 00 test. 3 7-10c; molasses sugar,'
2 ll-l<ic: refined, firm.
NEW YORK. June 5.— FLOUR-r-Recelpts,
12,408 barrels; exports, 1200. Fairly steady
But quiet and unchanged. ' ¦ ?
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
WASHINGTON. June 5. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 sold re
serve in the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $197,208,705; gold.
$97,313,407.
Condition of the Treasury
NEW YORK. June 5. — Close: Money on call,
easy at' 3% per cent. Prime mercantile paper,
4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 S7%@
4 S7% for demand and $4 84%@4 85 for. sixty
days. Posted rates. $4 S5%@4 SG and |4 88%.
Commercial bills. $4 84%®4 S5W. Bar silver,
62c. Mexican dollars, 42c. - Bonds — Govern
ments, steady; States, easy; railroads, heavy. *
Nezv York Money Market.
Internal Revenue Collections.
Tb« collections of Internal revenue !n this
district during the month of May were as fol
lowt: Beer. $106,246; Spirits, $S0,C26; Tobac
co, $23,032; Documentary Stamps, $26,6S3; Pro
prietary Stamps, $37S4;- Lists. $1760; Miscel
laneous. $3707. making the total collections for
the month J245.S3S.- againet $301,S01 in May.
1801. Since January 1 these collections amount
to $l.lS4.16a, against $1,649,183 during the
came period last year.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. June 5. 1902—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
a K a o 2 5
3 pn |a it «
STATIONS, £ l| II T§ • IT *
: £ c : ~ : §
• .1 1 • • .
• a » •
Astoria 30.06 C2 48 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Baker 29.96 66 30 NW Cloudy .00
Carson 2».82 74 38 W Pt.Cldy -OO
Eureka 29. 9S 00 50 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno 29.84 92 52 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.76 76 34 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Id.. 29. 82 72 42 W Cloudy .00
Independence .29.68 86 62 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles... 29. 8(5 76 56 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.66 100 62 NW Cloudy .00
Portland 30.00 66 46 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 23.78 SS 58 SB Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg 29.94 70 42 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Sacramento ...29.80 88 56 S Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 29.72 78 52 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Pan Francisco. 29. 92 60 4S W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo. .29.92 74 40 W Clear .00
San Diego ...29.90 64 58 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle ...... .30.08 64 44 NW Clear .00
Spokane 30.04 C2 40 NE Cloudy .01
Neah Bay 30.08 54 42 NW Clear .00
Walla Walla.. 29.98 70 44 W Pt.Cldy .00
"VVirinemueca ..29.80 76 42 W Cloudy .00
Yuir.a 29.C6 100 62 S Clear .00
Temperature. 7 a. m.— : 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen steadily during* the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Coast. An extensive low over
lies the western half of the country and un
settled weather with high westerly winds Is
likely to prevail on Friday.
Warm weather continues in the great \*al
lpys; but along- the coast sea temperatures
prevail.
High winds are blowing in Utah.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours ending midnight, June 6. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, possibly light showers; fresh
southerly winds Inland; brisk to high westerly
wir.dg on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, possibly light showers; con
tinued ¦warm weather In the interior; brisk
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day; brisk to high westerly ¦winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and
threatening 1 Friday: brisk to high west winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 5:
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Chico— Crop rood; fruit fine.
CloverdaJe— -Olives blooming profusely;
oranges blooming shy.
Colusa — Fruit and garden truck doing nicely;
all kinds grain good.
Hollieter — Winter Nellis pean bloomed full
but did not set well.
Newman — Grain doing well; rust reported in
foothills.
Hanforfi — F"rult crop Going very well; grain
In rood condition.
Llvermore — Grape crop prospects excellent;
baying in crogres*.
Kapa — Grape* locking well, prospects good
for lartre crop.
Palermo — Partly cloudy; hay about cut. crop
heavy and quality pood.
Santa Roe*— Frnlt ripening well and condi
tions favorable.
Santa Maria. — Decidedly cooler asd better
weather conditions for all crops.
Willorrs^ — Crop conditions unchanged: cloudy.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Section Director.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦-. * July. Sept.
Opening '. ....5 10% 6 %
Closing :. 5 10% 6 %
PARIS. ,
Wheat — • 'June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 25 20 45
Closing .....22 30 20 45
¦ Flour —
Opening ...:...... ...20 95 26 50
Closing 27 10 26 55
" New ' York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 5. — The local market for
copper reflected firmness, with sales aggre
gating 300,000 pounds electrolytic in lots of
100,000 pounds each for July,' August and Sep
tember delivery at $12 20. \ The closing prices
were: Standard spot to August. $11 65@11 85;
lake, $12 25@12 52%; electrolytic, $12 12 %@
12 25. and casting $12@12 25. London copper
was about unchanged with spot at £54 and
futures at £54' 3s 9d.
Tin was higher here at $29 90@30 12%. while
London also. made a gain of £1, spot closing at
£132 15s and futures at £129 7s 6d.
; Lead prices abroad improved • Is 3d, final
quotations being £11 7s 6d. but the local mar
ket remained unchanged and quiet at $4 12%.
Spelter also reflected an advanced foreign mar
ket, gaining 2s 6d at £18 7s 6d. New York
spelter was firm, but prices did not change,
remaining at $4 87%.
The local Iron market was quiet and un
changed. Warrants were BtiU more or less
nominal and foundry. Northern.' was quoted at
$19 50(520 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern $19 50
@20 60; No. 1 foundry. Southern, $18 50@10 50,
and No. 1 foundry. Southern, soft, $1S 50@19 50.
The English markets .were easier. Glasgow
closed at 54s 3d and Middlesboro at -49s 4%d.
Nezv York Cotton Market*
NEW YORK. June 5.— Cotton opened firm at
SUM points higher, closing quiet with prices
net 3 points higher. •
Eastern Livestock Market..
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 5.— CATTLE— Receipts, 10,
000, including 500 Texans. Choice, steady; oth
'ers. 10@15c lower. Good to prime steers, $5 75
@7 70; poor to medium, $5@6 90; stockers and
feeders, $2 60@5 25; cows. $1 50@6; heifers.
$2 5CXS6 50, canners. $1 50@2 50; bulls, $2 50®
6 50; calves. $2®6 50; Texas fed steers, $4 90®
6 50; grass Texans. $4 15.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 38.000; to-morrow,
39,000; left over. 8000. Opened steady to
strong; closed weak. Mixed and butchers',
$0 95@7 40; good to choice heavy, $7 35@7 47%;
rough heavy, $7®7 30; light. $6 80@7 20; bulk |
of sales, $7@7 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13.000. Steady. Lambs,
mostly 10c lower. Good to choice wethers,
$5 25(S>6; fair to choice mixed, $4 40@5 25t
Western sheep. $5 25@6; native ¦ lambs, clip
ped. $r> 25@7; spring lambs, $7 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, June 5.— Receipts. 700. Strong.
Natives, $5 30@7 35; cows and heifers, $1 25©
6; veals $3@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,000. Steady. Light and
light mixed, $7@7 25; medium and heavy,
$7 12%@7 45: pigs, $4@0 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 140. Steady. Top spring
lambs, $7 25.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, June 5. — Porter Brothers Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: Car
from Sulsun— Tartarlans, 45c@$l 25; Rockports
51 10.
NEW YORK. June 5.— Porter Brothers Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Tartarians. 75c6J$l 50, averared $1 30; Rock
ports, 80c<y'$l 73. averaged 78c.
" London Wool Sales.'
LONDON, June 5. — A sale of sheepskins was
held here to-day at- which 4254 skins were of
fered, nearly all of which were sold. There
was an, average attendance present who bid for
Ions-stapled merinos and fine crossbreds,
which Fold freely at an' average of 5 per cent.
Shorter grades were dearer. Long and coarse
stock sold at occasionally cheaper prices.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 5.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 05%c; bluestem. 66%c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 5.— WHEAT— Unchanged:
bluestem, 65%c; club, 64%c.
Northern Business. • .
PORTLAND, Or., June 5.— Clearings. $JCC
250; balances, $132,321.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 5.— Clearings, $273,
430; balances. $38,856. v
TACOMA, Wash.. June 5. — Clearings $251,
457: balances, $56,290.
SEATTLE Wash.. June 5. — Clearings, $487,
503; balances, $111,803.
. Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 5.— Consols, 06%; Silver,
24 l-16d; French rentes, lOlf 95c; wheat cargoes
on passage, steadier; No. 1 Standard California,
30s 3d: Walla Walla, 293 3d; English country
markets, dull.
LIVERPOOL, June 5. — Wheat, quiet; No 1
Standard California, Cs 4d@Cs 4%d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour In. Paris,, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather in
England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-32d:
NEW YORK. June 5. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a ¦ narrow ¦ buying of stocks to-day
and a modified continuance of the bull liquida
tions. Consols revived and were at one time
96 1-16. closing at 96%. Americans were life
less, opening heavy. New York sold a few
Atchlsohs, Union Pacific and Southern Rail
way, causing %' point drops. Canadian Pacific
dropped sharply to 138% on American unload
ing.
London will close at 1 p. m. instead of 2
p. m. on Saturday after August 16.
London Market.
Steel stock* and other iron and steel stocks.
The selling of the grangers seemed to be duo,
to some extent, to reports of too abundant
rains in the Southwest and also to the falling
back in the figures of receipts of corn. The
late reaction in Jhe grain markets, after early
strength, did not change the weak tone of
the grangers. Chicago and Northwestern was
marked up 2 points on the announcement of
the long-heralded extra dividend on the stock,
but half of the gain was lost. Hocking Val
ley reflected disappointment over the declara
tion of only the former dividend rate. The
large profit-making in Canadian Pacific at a
total reaction of 4 points had a sympathetic
effect on the whole list. Amalgamated Cop.
per was depressed by the weakness of the mar
ket for raw copper and was not affected by
a trade circular pointing out great improve
ment in the trade. The continued rise in sterl
ing exchange gave rise to some apprehension
that exchange had started toward the gold
export point on account of the easier tone of
the money market. The approach of the crop
moving period is constantly . narrowing the
time before the interior demands for currency
will begin to deplete the supply of funds
available for speculative use. The combined
effect of various items of depression was 'a
dribble of realizing all day. which carried
prices downward until the close, which was
easy, at the lowest.
Active liquidation of the Central of Georgia
income bonds had a depressing effect upon
the bond market. Total sales $270,700.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 17,800 80% • 7S% 79
Atchison pfd 1,800 99 98 Vi 9S%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1.400 105%' 405% 105V*
Bait & Ohio pfd :•• ¦-•• »;*
Canadian Pacific... 38,100 136% 132% 133
Canada Southern 94%
Chesapeake & Ohio 600 46% 46 40
Chicago & Alton... 3,000 37% 3C»4 *•>%
Chi & Alton pfd... 400 70% 76% 70Vi
Chi Ind & Louis pf 100 8G S6 SO
Chi & Eastern 111 '• . l«0
Chi & Gt Western. 5,000 28% 27% 27%
Chi & Gt W A pfd. 600 8S% 88% SS%
Chi & Gt JV B pfd. 300 48 48 47%
Chi & NTT 1,600 250 -248 249»4
C R I & Pac 600 172% 171% 171%
Chi Term & Trans. 400 21 20% 20%
Chi Term & Tr pfd 1.000 3S 37% 37%
C C C & St Louis.. 300 104 104 104
Colorado Southern. 200 30& 30% 30V«
Colo South 1st pfd 300 70 70 69 &
Colo South 2d pfd . 41%
Del & Hudson 1,100 173% 172 172
Del Lack & West 266
Den & R Grande 41
Den & R G pfd... 500 90% 90% 90%
Erie 6.600 36% 3GU 36V4
Erie 1st pfd 600 67% 67& 67%
Erie 2d Efd 200 61-. 51 51
Gt Northern pfd.. ...... 183
Hocking Valley 1,100 84% .83% 83%
Hocking Val pfd... 200. Q2 «2; 81%
Illinois .CentraL.^, -2.700 151% 15Q 150 .
Iowa Central ..:.."- 200 45% 45% 45
Iowa Central pfd .... S2
K C Southern 700 32% 32% 31%
KC Southern pfd.. 500 60 60 59%
Lake Erie & West .... 64
L E & West pfd 125
Louis & Nashville. 1,400 137 i:«% 135%
Manhattan Elevat. . 12.100 132 130% 130%
Met Street Ry 1,100 149% 14S% 148%
Mexican Central... 900 2«',2 2«Vi 20%
Mexican National.. 300 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 110% 110% 109%
Missouri Pacific.... 3,700 99% M% 99%
Mo Kan & Tex.... 2,200 20V* 25% 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,600 50% 55% 55%
New Jersey Central 184
New York Central. 4,100 156. 154 »,i 154%
Norf & Western... 300 57% 50% 50%
Norf & West pfd 89
Ontario & Western 200 32% 32% S2Y*
Pennsylvania 6,400 149% 148% 148%
Reading 40,100 <a% 01% 61%
Reading let pfd... 200 -S:» 82% 82%
Reading 2d pfd 5,300 68 07% 07^4
St L & San Fran.. 1,700 <!9% C9 09
St L & S F 1st pfd 1,000 85>4 84% 84%
St L & S F 2d pfd* 000 73% 72% 72%
St Louis SW • 2«%
Pt Louis SW pfd.. 600 59% 69 59%
St Paul 30,200 169% 107% 107%
St Paul pfd 188
Southern Pacific... 13,600 04 ftt% 63%
Southern Railway.. COO 37 30 36
Southern Ry pfd... 400 94% O4li 94
Texas & Pacific... 1,000 40% 40'A 40%
Tol St L & West.. . 800 21 21 20%
Tol St L & W pfd. 2,100 37% 37 37
Union Pacific 17,500 104% 10.1% 10.".%
Union Pacific pfd • 600 88Vi 87% ,87%
Wabash 1,800 27 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 900 43% 43 V* 41 U
Wheeling & L E... 1,300 22 21% 21%
W & L E 2d pfd .... 34 :
Wis Cent 1.500 27 26% 20%
Wis Cent pfd 1,000 49 48 47%
Express Companies —
Adams .... .... 200
American 200 223 223 223
United States 114
Wells Fargo .... 200 |
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 25,800 68% 67%- 67%
Am Car & Foundry 800 31% 30 30%
Am Car & F pfd „. . {to
Am Linseed Oil ... 200 25% 25 23%
Am Llnsed Oil pfd. 500 C0% 50% 50 Va
Amn Loco 2,300 33 32% 32%
Am Loco pfd 500 03% 03% 93%
Am Smelting & R.. 8,300. 49 48>A 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd 2,400 98% ' 98 08
Anaconda Mln Co.. 1,200 110% 116 114
Brooklyn R T 9,500 67% 6G% 06%
Colo Fuel & Iron... 6,700 99 97W 97%
Consolidated Ga« .. 1.000 220% "210% 219%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 2.800 125% 123 123%
General Electric 812
Hocking Coal YiV-i,
International Paper 100 20% 20% 20>4
Internatl Paper pfd 100 75% 75%- 75%
International Power 100 60 60 60
National Biscuit 47%
National Lead 1,900 22% 21% 21%
North American ... 600 121% 120% 120%
Pacific Coast ....' CO
Pacific Mail • 33
People's Gas 2,900 101% 100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,400 47% 47 46
Pressed 8 C pfd.... 300 86% 80 85%
Pullman Palace Car 234
Republic Steel 600 17% 17 U 17 VI
Republic Steer pfd. 300 74 73% 73%
Sugar j. 7,100 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Cfoal & Iron.. 1,600 63% C3 621k
Union B & P Co ... 151?
Un B & P Co pfd ;. " 82%
U S Leather 1,900 13% 12% 12%
U 8 Leather pfd .. 800 84% 84% 84%
U S Rubber 100 14% 14U 14%
U S Rubber pfd . . . 200 66 50 60
United States Steel. 1,600 39% 30% 30*i
U S Steel pfd 10,400 • 89% 88% 89%
Western Union 800 00% 00% 00
Total shares sold. .384,300
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s. iHocking Val 4%s.lI0%
registered ...108% L & Nash unl 4s. 103%
do coup 108%lMex Cent 4s S2%
do 8b reg 107% do 1st lnc .31%
do coup 10"Vi Minn & St L 4s.. 105
do new 4s reg.. 186 Mo K & Tex 4s.. 99%
do coup 130 do 2ds 83'A
do old 4s reg... 109% N Y Cent lsts 104%
do coup 110% do gen 3%s....lO8
do 0s reg 103% N J Cent g 6s 13S%
do c*up 105% North Pac 4s 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% do 3s 73%
do adj 4s 93% Norf & W con 4s. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s 102% Reading gen 4s... 99%
do 3%s 0«%JEt L & I M c 6s.. 116%
do conv 4s 107 St L & S F 4s. .. . 99
Can South 2ds ...109 Et L SW lets..... 5)8%
Cent of Ga 5«. . . .10S% do 2ds 86%
do 1st inc 81 8 A & Ar Pass 4s. 00%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS South Pae 4s 92%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 85% (South Ry 5s 123%
C B & Q new 4s.. 96% Tex fe Pac lstfr...H9
C M & StP * 4b..115%!To! St L & W 4s. 82%
C & NW con 7s.. 138 lUnlon Pao 4s 106
C R I & Pac 4»..111%| do conv 4s.... .107%
C C C & StL g 4s. 102 Wabash lsts 119%
Chi Term 4s 90 do2ds... .112
Colo & South 4s.. 95% do deb B 74
D & R G 4» 104% West Shore 4a.... 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 Wheel & L E 4s.. 94%
do gen 4s 88 Wisconsin Cent 4« 03%
Ft W & D C 1st*. 113% Con Tob 4s....... 07%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con ' 20. Little Chief 12
Alice 40lOntario 7 50
little support and the market weakened off and
closed lower on the day. . ,
There is no change in this market. Trade
Is 'dull. 1 •
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 13c per lb tot
heavy. 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light and 16@17o for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14 %c; Cali
fornia Hams. 13%@l4c: Mess Beef, $10 per
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 50® ,
12; prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear, '
$23; Mess. $18 50@10; Dry Salt Pork. 12%c; '
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef, '
13%@14c per lb.
•LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@8%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 12%c: 10-lb tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins. 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c.
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels. 10%c: one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces. 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. v •
Hide's, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c j Dry Hides. 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20® •
30c each; short "Wool. 40@60r; each; medium,
65@75c- long Wool. 80c@$l 20 each; Howe
Hides, salt. $3 for large and. $2 60 for me
dium $1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium $1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 32 %c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and
smooth, 60c ; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2,. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3',Jc.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno.
15@17c; Northern free. 14@16c; do. defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months. 9® 10c;
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c: Neva
da. 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. Ar
rivals of Hogs are light, but so is the demand
and they about balance eath other. Other j
meats have shown very little change for a i
week or more.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale iate»*from slaughterers to deal-'
ers are as follcws:
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 5%@6%o per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7@8c; 8@9c per lb".
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%®8%c; Ewes, 7%@8c
per U>.
J..AMB — Spring I>mbs, 9<®10c per lb.
PORK—Drtssed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The follcving quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent "shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thlr. Cows, 4@5c Der lb. ' :
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. ' 4@4%c; Ewea. 3@3%c
per lb (KrosH -weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb live weight; yearlings,
4£/4%c per ib.
HOGS- -Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6 1 Ac:
bows 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent oif
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quo
tations. T t
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece
Twine. 7%i@Sc.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $!): Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, S7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $S; Walls
end, $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50: Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Ees. ; Welsh Anthra
cite. $1*: Cnnnel. $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $S 45 Der 2000 lbs and $8 50 per
ton, ac'coidlnc to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil in cases.
No. 1. 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil,
in barrels, boiled, 75c; raw, 73c: cases. 5c more;
Lu»*ol, 65c for boiled and 63c for- raw. In bar
rels- Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels,
$1; 'cases, $1 05; China Nut, 57%@«8c per gal
lon; pure Neatsfoot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, t>5c; Whale Oil, natural white,
40(g50c per gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c;
cases, 47%c; Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for
Ceylon and 5S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13%$14c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deordorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c: Benzine, in bulk. 14%c; in
enses, 21c; SO-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases. 2G%c.
TURPENTINE — 60c per gallon in cases and
63c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR — The.. Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. -4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry" Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c:
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
.Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half- barrels, 25c more;
boxes. 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds; Dotnlnos — Half-barrels. 4.73c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Us equivalent.
•SALMON— The demand continues good and
the market rules firm. Alaskan packers are
obliged to turn down orders and say that a
supply of 2. r >0,000 cases could be readily dis
posed of. Large sales of Columbia River for
future delivery at $1 35 have been made, most
of the pack has been placed and a further ad
vance is expected. The English markets are
also firm and slightly higher, with an improv
ing inquiry.
TEA— Japans are very firm, the primary
market being fully 2% per cent higher than at
the corresponding time a year ago largely as
the result of the heavy frost damage to the
first crop. The Formosa market opened 10 per
cent higher than last year and is strong and
active ¦ •
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. JUNE 5.
Flour, qr Sks... 2O.5C0 ptraw, tons .... 33
Wheat, ctls .... 67.8K1 Hay. tons 391
Barley, ctls 3.S15 Middlings, sks.. 330
Oats, ctls 700 Hops, bales .... 40
Rye. ctls 470 Tallow, ctls .... 223
Beans, sks .... 628 Sugar, ctls 2,577
Potatoes, eks . . . 1.SS5 Pelts, bdls 120
Onions, sks .... »2(i Hides, No 493
Bran, sks 9;5O Quicksilver, flsk 73
Corn Meal, Eastern Leather, rolls . . S2
ctls 400 Lime, bbls 182
Wool, bales .... 110 Wine, gals 44,000
The Poultry market had a firmer tone as the
receipts of Californian were light and there
was no Eastern received. Mostly all descrip
tions of chickens were quoted higher and the
market was well cleaned up at the close of busi
ness.
Receipts of Hare. and Rabbits were small and
prices were unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25; Gosling?, $1 25<?1 50; Ducks, $3 50@
4 for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4 50@
5 CO; young Roosters, $6 50<fT8: old Roosters,
$4 50@4 75; Fryers. $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3(??4
for large and Jf2@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 25@1 50' for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, 75c@$l ; Rabbits. $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS — Australian, $3 25@3 50, second
hands; new red, 40@50c per sack; Silverskins,
25@40c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 25 per box. $1 75@2 for No. 1 and 75c@$l 25
for No. 2; Rhubarb, r>0@75c per box; extra
fancy, S5c®$l; Green Peas, f>0@S5c per sack;
Gardeji Peas. $1@1 25 per sack; String Beans,
l%@2c per lb and 2@2%c for Wax; Cab
bage, 9Oc@$l per ctl: Los Angeles - Toma
toes. $2 50<@3 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $2@
2 50 per box; Dried Peppers, 10@llc«per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per
sack; Cucumbers from Marysvllle, $1@1 50 per
box; from Arizona, $1@1 25 per box; Hothouse
do, 25@65c per dozen; Garlic, 2@3%c for new;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, 12%@15c; Mexican
do. 15@20c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 7@
10c: Summer Squash, $1@1 50 for small boxes
and for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15Q)
20 per ton: Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, $1 15@1 75 in
sacks and $l(fil 75 In boxes, with some fancy
higher; old, S)Oc@$l for Burbanks from the
river; from Oregon and Washington. $1@1 25;
River Reds, $1@1 25.
Receipts of new vegetables were moderate
and good fresh stock sold readily at full fig
ures/ Tomatoes were very scarce and high.
Green Corn from Winters sold at 25c per dozen
and a small consignment from Brentwood was
offering at 75c per dozen, but was not sold.
Red Onions were higher, as receipts have
been light for the past few days. Old were un
changed and dull.
New Potatoes In boxes were unchanged and
sold well under a steady demand for* choice
offerings of white, but the Early Rose were
dull. Sacks were In light receipt and sold
slowly. Old crop Potatoes continued dull and
prices were lower.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@350; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%®
ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2&c:
Hemp, 3%c per lb. . .
1 DRIED PEAS— Nlles. ?1 75@2; Green, SI 40®
1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2. . .
NCR 5s.. 11114113% S V Wat 6s. — 112
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 43 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 63..— — Do 4s 3dm. 101 102
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E tolO2 104
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 — lPort Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 59 — [Spring Vol., 80 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — iPac L CO... 43 50
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sac E G&R. 39 —
Mutual 4% 4%|S F G & E.. 44% 44%
0 G L & H. — — IS F G L CO 5% 5Vj
Pac G Imp.. 38 S9%|Stktn G & B 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 — (
BANKS.
Am B & T..110 115 ,First Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90V-'- L P & A 168%170 '
Bank of Cal.430 — IJrter Ex (liq> 23 —
Cal Safe Dp.121% — * |s F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Bav & Loan. — 60
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.340 30O
Mutual Sav . 80 85 Union Trst.1330 —
£ F Sav U.525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — jMarket 99%101
Geary — — iPresidio .... 39 —
POWDER.
Giant — 71 /Vlgorit 3% 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell .. 23% 24%
Honokaa ... 11% 11% Onomea 24 24%
Hutchinson . 12 12% Paauhau ... 12 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl59%160 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 100 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. — 100% Par Paint . . 2tS —
Oceanic S Co — 28
Morning Session.
Board —
5 AUaka Packers' Assn 160 00
25 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 5 160 00
5 Bank of California cash 432 50
$1000 Oceanic S. S. Bonds OS 50
25 Paauhau S. P. Co 12 25
Street —
60 Cal. Wine Assn 100 50
25 Giant Powder Con 70 0O
$6000 Market-street Cable 6s 127 00
S7000 Omnibus Cable 6s 128 0O
t>0 S. F. Gas & Electric Co 44 5O
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
5 Giant Powder Con 70 50
25 Mutual Electric Light 4 50
' 5 Mutual Savings Bank 80 00
$1000 N. P. C. R. R. 5s 110 0O
B Oakland Gas 63 00
20CO Oakland Transit 63 125 00
SO Oceanic S. S. Co 23 0O
Street —
1000 Northern Cal. Ry. 5s 112 25
50 Oceanic S. S« Co 25 00
PRODUCERS* OIL. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
100 Kern 4 0O
700 Occidental of W. Va 17
15500 Petroleum Center 07
TOO Sterling 1 5T %
200 Sterling X 55
Afternoon Session.
250 Home 3 25
100 Home 3 35
200 Junction 21'
too Occidental of W. Va 17
200 Petroleum Center 05
200 Sterling 1 55
200 Sterling 1 57%
MINING STOCKS.
The following were tha sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
000 Belcher 04 500 Ophlr 150
500 Best & Belch. 15 100 Ophir 125
200 Caledonia .... 78 200 Overman .... 28
100 Caledonia 70 4C0 Potosi 28
1O0O Gould & Cur. lo 300 Union Con... 22
300 Mexican 52 600 Yellow Jacket 20
1 Afternoon Session.
2C0 Belcher 04. 100 Overman .... 26
150 Caledonia .... 75 300 Overman .... 25
10O Caledonia 74 300 Potosi 23
100 Con Cal & V.I 40 500 Utah 03
300 Mexican 52
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 70 200 Overman .... 25
30O Chollar 14 200 Potosi 27
200 Hale & Norc. 37 200 Potosi 28
200 Occident 20 300 Sierra Nev... 18
300 Ophir 127% 100 Silver Hill... 49
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 03 200 Occidental ... 19
150 Best & Belch. 13 200 Ophlr 127%
I 100 Caledonia 74 100 Overman .... 2tt
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 500 Potosi 28
500 Gould & Cur. 10 200 Sierra Nev... 17
100 Mexican 52
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 6 — 4 p. xn.
- Bid.Ask , Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03iJustice 03 05
Alta 06 07iKentuck 01 02
Andes 02 * 03 Lady Wash .. — 01
Belcher 03 04 Mexican 52 S3
Best & Belch. 15 18 Occidental ... 17 1»
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 125 130
Caledonia .... 72 73 Overman .... 24 25
Challenge 12 14 Potosi 27 28
Chollar 15 Its Savage 13 14
Confidence ... — 62 Bcorplon — 04
i Con Cal & V»l 35 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
• Con Imperial. — 02; Sierra Nev... 17 1!)
i Con New Yk. — Cl!! Silver Hill... 46 43
j Crown Point. . 05 00 St Louis .... 06 —
Eureka Con... 18 — Syndicate.... — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... 20 22
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Utah 01 02
Hale & Norc. 35 40 Yellow Jacket 20 21
Julia — 01
SELECT OFFICERS AND
STAin)INQ C0MMITTEE3
Recently Elected Directors of Mer
chants' Association Hold Their
First Regular Meeting.
At the first regular meeting of the new
board of directors of the Merchants* As
sociation held yesterday it was decided to
endeavor to secure the paving of Frank
lJn street, from Vallejo to Lombard, for
the purpose of providing a thoroughfare
for heavy teaming to the- Presidio and the
Western Addition and thus obviate any
necessity for exempting the northern por
tion of Van Ness avenue from the provi
sions of the boulevard ordinance, aa re
quested by the draymen. The following
named officers and standing committees
for the ensuing year were elected:
President. F. J. Symmes; first vice president,
A. M. Davis; second vice president. F. H.
Wheelan; treasurer, C. S. Benedict; committee)
on public affaire, W. J. Dutton, F. H. Wheelan.
A J. McNlcoll. A. H. Vail and A. J. Rich;
committee on publicity and promotion. F. H.
Wheelan, F. P. Cole. R. B. Hale. C. M. Plum
and F. J Koster: committee on trade and
finance. A. M. Davis. R. H. Swayne. C. S.
Benedict. W. F. Dean and P. C. Rossi.
¦ » «
U. S. Civil Service "Examination.
On June 17. an examination will be held
In San Francisco and other cities for the
position of record and identification cleric
in the United States penitentiary service.
Knowledge of stenography Is not re
quired. The Bertlllon system of. Identifi
cation will form one of the subjects. The
person filling this position must be an
expert in the photography of prisoners.
Salary $1200 per annum. Persons who de
sire to enter this examination should ap
p'.y to the United States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary of the local board of examin
ers Postofflce. for application forma 30-t
and 375, which should be filed with tha
commission^ - '' '
Chinese Uses a Hatchet.
Ah Sin was arrested yesterday afternoon
at 833 Clay street by Sergeant Shaw and
rosse and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
Detective Ed Gibson had occasion to en
ter the store at 833 Clay street, kept by
Sun Hop. and was questioning Sun Hop
about some clothing, when Sergeant Shaw
and his squad entered. Ah Sin. who la
employed in the store, used Insulting lan
guage to Officer Callahan. and, grabbing
?old of a hatchet, attempted to strike
him with it. Callahan grappled with him
and scon took the hatchet from him.
Contracts for Hay and Oats.
The Supervisors Hospital Committee
yesterday awarded the contract for fur
nishing hay to the City and County Hos
pital to Soiners & Co. for $1150 per ton.
J A Peters secured the contract to fur
nish oats at n 39. per 100 pounds.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Foreign Futures. '
Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Not much diange in Wheat and Barley.
Oats firm, Corn -weak and Rye very dull.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay and Rolled Barley weak.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds.
Butter steady, Cheese weak, and Eggs firm.
Dried Fruits cleaned up and nominal.
Provisions continue neglected and unchanged.
Meat quotations as before. Market featureless.
Canned Salmon in good demand and firm.
Tea markets in good condition everywhere.
New Potatoes and Onions continue to sell well.
Vegetables generally in moderate supply and firm.
Poultry in light receipt and firm.
Continued good demand for Fresh Fruits.
greece 60,Ophir ... . . . . . ... ..1 45
Brunswick Con 09lPhoenlx 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 5%|Potosl 25
Con Cal & Va....l &>, Savage 07
Deadwood Terra.. .1 00;Slerra Nevada 15
Horn Silver.... 1 25J Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver. 75|Standard 3 25
Lead vl 1 le Con 05 !
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. . '
.Money—. ... do prefd 18%
Call loans 3%<??4% Westlngh Commn.ltl7
Time loans 4@5 - Mining—
¦ Bonds— Adventure 23
Atchison 4s 102% AUouez 3
Gas lsts 94% Amalgamated .... 67%
Mex Cent 4s 81 Hingham 34%
N E G & Coke... 64 Calumet & Hecla.570
Railroads-^ Centennial 18%
Atchtson i 78% Copper Range ... 57
do prefd .:..,.. 98%'Dom Coal ..- 1S9
Boston & Albany. 2C2 jFranklin 11
Boston & Maine.. 200 lisle Royale 12
N Y N H & H...233 iMohawk 40%
¦FItchburg prefd.. 24%! Old Dominion ... 20
Union Pacific ..;.1O3% Osceola , C2
Mex Central .... 26 Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Quincy '. 130
Am Sugar . .: 127%JBanta Fe Copper. 1%
do prefd us iTamarack 177
Am Tel & Tel. . .172%! Trinity 12%
Dom Iron & Steel. 54%! United States ... 20%
Gen Electric .....318 Utah 21
Mass Electric .i. 43% Victoria 4%
do prefd 98 - Wlnona ' 3 :
United Fruit 108V4 Wolverine ....... 65*4,
U S Steel . 39%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.96 7-10 N Y Central; 160
Cons for account.. 96%: Nor & Western.. 68%
Anaconda 5% Nor & West pfd. 92
Atchison ' 82 Vi Ontario & Wstn.. 33%
Atchison pfd 101% Pennsylvania .... 76%
Bait & Ohio 108% Reading 32%
Canadian Pacific. 138% i Reading 1st pfd.. 42%
Ches & Ohio 47%Reading 2d pfd.. 34%
Chgo G Western. 29% So Railway 37%
Chgo, M & St P. 173%: So Railway pfd.. 97
Denver & Rio Gr. 42% So Pacific... 65%
Den & R G pfd.. 93% I Union Pacific. .. .107 Vi
Erie 37%'Union Pac Dfd... 90%
Erie 1st pfd C9%'U S Steel.. :..... 40%
Illinois Central... 155% 'U S Steel pfd.... 91%
Loulsvl & Nashvl.140 |Wabash ....; 27%
Mo. Kans & Tex. 27% i Wabash pfd 45
Mo. K & T pfd.. 60 ISpanlsh 4s 80
Bar silver, 24 l-16d per ounce.
Money, 2% i>er cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3@
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, ; usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$12 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 DO; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35S9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
I New Hay is about 50c off and weak. Old
shows no change. Arrivals of both are ample
for all needs. Bran and Middlings rule firm
at unchanged prices. Rolled Barley is weak
ening in sympathy with the raw grain.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ion.
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25.@28; Job
bing, $20 50@27; Cocoanut Cake,. $20@21- Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 60@32 60;
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAT— New is selling as follows:- Wheat
$S©9; Volunteer Wild Oat. $7@8; Old is quota
ble aa ' follows : .
Extra fine Wheat, $12; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50-
Oat, $8@10 50; AlfaUa, $7@11; Clover, $7@9;
Volunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton. ;
STRAW — 10@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is no change of any consequence. The
market is dull and featureless.
. BEANS — Bayos, $2 S5@3 10; small White,
$2 35@2 45; large white, $2 20@2 35; Pea, $3 25
@3 50; Pink, $2@2 20; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$4 00@5; LImas, $3 60@3 70; Red Kidneys,
$3 60 per ctl.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
western, $1 71; prime timothy seed, $6 30@6 35;
m#ss pork, per bbl, $17 25@17 80; lard, per
100 lbs, $10 22%;- short ribs sides (loose),
$10 05@10 15; dry salted .shoulders (boxed),
8@SVlc; short clear sides (boxed), $10 50@10 60;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade. $8 85. ' ¦ ¦ _ . ! ¦ .
Articles — ' ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 11,000 11,000
Wheat, bu 25.000 176,000
Corn, bu 107,000 ' 241,000
Oats, bu 144,000 139,000
Rye, bu .......
Barley.-bu 10,000 ; 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@22c; dairies,
18%@20c. Cheese, weak; 10@llc. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 15%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat, No. 2 — - . "
luly 72% 72%'' 71%" 71%
September 70% 70% < 69% 70%
December 71%, 71 % ¦¦' 70% 71%
Corn, No. 2— . ;"• '.
July 62Vi- 02% .01%; e2Vi
September 09% BOW, 58%' 58%
December 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats. No. 2—
luly. old 35% 30% I 35% 36U
July, new 38 39 8S>4 , SSTt
September, old.. 28% 28% 28^ 2S%
September, new. 80 30% SO 30%
December, new. 30% 80% 30W 30%
Mess pork. r>er bbl— * r 78
July ..17 80j(: 17 32% 17 17% 17 22%
September .17 87% 17 40 . 17 25 17 27%
Lard, per 100 lbs— .: ., -^
July 10 25 10 25 • 10 20 10 22%
September 10. 27% 10 27% 10 22% 1025
Short ribs, j per 100 lb« — ...
July 10 10 .10 15 10 05 10 07%
September 10 00 10 02%' 9 07% 10 00
ETATIOXS.
a s «5 o a j
H" Ha £- ° ~ * «• »
2 - !r 7® **o "» S.
|I|lI 5 |I fa |
1 I i j I ?
blco ... ......
loverdale
3lUE&
ureka
resno
tanf ort
tollister
ndependence ...
.lvermore
«oe Anrelea . . . .
rapa
led Bluff
acr&rnento ....
an Diego
an Francisco
an Lul* Oblspo
ar.ta Maria . . .
anta Rosa
Vlllows
..91 45 .. 6 Pt.Cldy .00
..87 50 .. .. Clear .00
..66 56 .. .. Clear .00
..60 50 8 KW Pt.Cldy .00
..92 DC 8 NW Clear .00
..98 52 .. .. Clear .00
..77 39 .. "W Clear .00
..86 62 8 SE Clear .00
..86 44 .. .. Clear .00
..76 56 10 W Clear .00
..77 46 .. S Clear .00
...88 BS 8 SE Pt.Cldy .00
...86 56 12 S Cloudy .00
...64 58 6 SW Cloudy .00
..61 60 28 W Clear .00
J..74 40 8 W Clear .00
...68 42 .. W Clear .00
..81 42 .. .. Clear .00
...88 54 .. .-. Clear .00
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat, No. 2 — - . "
luly 72% 72%'' 71%" 71%
September 70% 70% < 69% 70%
December 71%, 71 % ¦¦' 70% 71%
Corn, No. 2— . ;"• '.
July 62Vi- 02% .01%; e2Vi
September 09% BOW, 58%' 58%
December 44% 44% 44% 44%
Oats. No. 2—
luly. old 35% 30% I 35% 36U
July, new 38 39 8S>4 , SSTt
September, old.. 28% 28% 28^ 2S%
September, new. 80 30% SO 30%
December, new. 30% 80% 30W 30%
Mess pork. r>er bbl— * r 78
July ..17 80j(: 17 32% 17 17% 17 22%
September .17 87% 17 40 . 17 25 17 27%
Lard, per 100 lbs— .: ., -^
July 10 25 10 25 • 10 20 10 22%
September 10. 27% 10 27% 10 22% 1025
Short ribs, j per 100 lb« — ...
July 10 10 .10 15 10 05 10 07%
September 10 00 10 02%' 9 07% 10 00
ETATIOXS.
a s «5 o a j
H" Ha £- ° ~ * «• »
2 - !r 7® **o "» S.
|I|lI 5 |I fa |
1 I i j I ?
blco ... ......
loverdale
3lUE&
ureka
resno
tanf ort
tollister
ndependence ...
.lvermore
«oe Anrelea . . . .
rapa
led Bluff
acr&rnento ....
an Diego
an Francisco
an Lul* Oblspo
ar.ta Maria . . .
anta Rosa
Vlllows
..91 45 .. 6 Pt.Cldy .00
..87 50 .. .. Clear .00
..66 56 .. .. Clear .00
..60 50 8 KW Pt.Cldy .00
..92 DC 8 NW Clear .00
..98 52 .. .. Clear .00
..77 39 .. "W Clear .00
..86 62 8 SE Clear .00
..86 44 .. .. Clear .00
..76 56 10 W Clear .00
..77 46 .. S Clear .00
...88 BS 8 SE Pt.Cldy .00
...86 56 12 S Cloudy .00
...64 58 6 SW Cloudy .00
..61 60 28 W Clear .00
J..74 40 8 W Clear .00
...68 42 .. W Clear .00
..81 42 .. .. Clear .00
...88 54 .. .-. Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
WAIT FOR THE GRAND DISPERSAli
SALE OF TROTTING-BRED BROODMARES.
COLTS AND FILLIES FROM HON. J. D.
CARR'S RANCH. SALINAS.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26, 1902, at
FRED H. CHASE & CO.'S,
1732 Market St.. S. P.
Full particulars later.
STEWARFS HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND. GENTLE HORSES 3
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST. /THE "SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTTtfE 6, 1902.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franctoco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every rlpht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
SOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street: otjen until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.^
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cp<?n until 9 p. m.
2200 FlHmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. >
CALIFORNIA COMMAXDERY. No. 1. j.
K. T , S Post b"l. — Regular assembly T88f*
THIS f FRIDAY) EVEXIXG. June Oth. J£3i
7:30 o'clock. All fratere cordially in- WW
\1ted. By order of the Commander, '
HIRAM T. GRAVES, recorder.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce, Xo. 30, F. & ¦ .
A". M.— Called meeting THIS (FRI- ¦+B\ 0
DAY) EVEXIXG, at 7.30 o'clock. D.TCX
I. By order of W. M. . / v
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
SARGENT LOr>GE, No. 3CS. L O. j^CS^.
O. F. — Initiation and election of 3iZa^>!£f
officers THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- -z^ffifc^--
IXG. June «ith. Visiting brothers '^" v
welcomed. L. D. GORDON. Xoble Grand.
GEO. W. DIXOX, Secretary-
EAX FRANCISCO Tent Xo. V^jEv^efcv
18 K. O. T. M.— Review f?*T'J?~~ki\
Tins (FRIDAY) EVEN- ££53 i© WSS
IXG at 8 o'clock. Pioneer &*7»j ??"\'»U|
Hall,' 24 Fourth st. vjwLvIsEeSar
II. H. CASTLE. VoJCTMASr
Record Keeper.
REGULAR MEETIXG of the Cale- .
ccr.lan Club THIS EVENING at S 5S OOj
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin Ij^gffig
£ "'' '"' A. M. MACPHERSON*. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
AXXUAL Meeting. — The regular annual meet-
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See — these — samples — we — have — 471 — others.
9 r.: owner sick bed; all men roomers. .$250
80 r. : a popular corner; money-maker.. $2600
50 r.; a splendid corner; house full of nice
people and fine furniture; 27 bay-win.$4000
25 r • rent $35; clean; hsekpg; in. $97..$1500
19 r.; 5 blocks n. of Market: thoroughly nice
and respectable; sunny side Bt. ; rent only
$75 ¦• good furniture; elegant folding beds;
terms $S00 cash. $500 at 7 per cent. .?l.?00
17 r.: trn.; clears $81; n. Mkt.: cor.; $45. $850
20 ROOMS; clears $00.. ?2*0
18 rooms: Just listed • • bM
12 rooms; snap *u0
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate ."200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $000 »">00
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly: $.-~ r i0 cash; bal. monthly. RETSLOFF.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market St.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms ; sunny ; g:-od renter »o0
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner' 200
11 rooms; downtown; good "TOO
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer '900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market et. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you- have bargains In hotels, lodslng-housts.
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent. -
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.)... Phone Davia 2S1.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Spmethlng new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS: country transient: low rent.$6500
300 rooms: corner house; for men MjOO
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain , «OO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 6 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st
DENTISTS Continued.
A~N^EW~plate^The^Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 60: fillings, 50c;
plates $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL. Dressmaking and Millinery School;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
EmJCA^lO^AL^e^artment of the Young
Men's Christian Association— Day classes;
small classes or individual Instruction in
commercial. scientific and high school
branches; hours and terms may be arranged
with the educational director at the building.
Night school — Students are admitted at any
time to the classes In stenography, type-
writing, arithmetic, bookkeeping, penman-
shlp and steam engineering. j
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
. NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. \ '
A— IF Grepg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 In April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ncts College. 1236 Market St.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE!
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st ' .
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges ; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A SELECT class for young ladles; physical
culture and fancy drill corps. Hallett School,
Alcazar building. ~.-r
PIANIST (lady): good accompanist and sight
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — Equity In- 6-room ctat- :
tage in Berkeley, with modern improvements;
want business or clear lots. T. K. BEbS,
. 425 Montgomery st. ¦¦ '
J^FURMITURE FOB JAIE^
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
: FURNITURE WASTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALB.
WANTED — To-day, 10 waitresses for first-class
summer resorts, fare here at $20, $25; 2 pan-
try girls, $20. springs; 8 chamber maids and
assist waiting at $20,- $25; all first-class sum-
mer resorts; call to-day at J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 331 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook for nice resort, nice place,
$40; 4 cooks, plain wash, family, $30; 16 neat
girls for small families, for general house-
work in near-by towns and cities at $25; 18
girls between 20 and 40 years of " age for
housework in very nice city families at $25;
8 second girls for city and across the bay,
S20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Butter st. ¦ ¦ . ¦- .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
100 places for waitresses, chambermaids,
chambermaids to wait, at $20, $25, country
and city hotels, springs and resorts; cooks, ,
laundresses '. ..
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 houseglrls, same country town, $20 each;
woman with a child. $15; 5 'ranch cooks;
hundreds of others; city and country. C*R.
HANSEN & CO., 429 Bush st, opposite Call-
fornla Hotel, bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.
TWO waitresses, mountain resort, $25, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains,
$25, fare paid; 2 waltreses, first-class springs.
$25, fares paid; 18 waitresses, different
springs and resorts, $25 and $20; 8 waitresses.
ing of the stockholders or tne Olympic caii.
Water Company will be held at the offle of
the company. 327 Market St.. Ean Francisco,
Ca!. on MOXDAY. the 26th day of May,
1902 at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
perve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. S27 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been Rpstponed until
Monday. June 2, 1902. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
The above meeting has been postponed until
Monday June 9, l»02. at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSOX.. Sec
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from. Sam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig-
pings Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County.
Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked out pit
draining- into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. Ekel, In the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Ama-
cor County. Cal., to deposit tailings in worked
out pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
96, Flood Building. San Francisco, Cal., on
June 16. 1902. at 1:30 p. m. .
AGENTS WANTED.
EXPERIEXCED agents for country: perma-
nently. Apply *at the Royal Portrait Com-
pany. 143 Seventh st »-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613: all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 650 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
cases. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. S05 Market. 19CS to 1974 Page.
BARGAINS and many choice Investments in
flrst-claf* lodging and boarding houses at ail
times: bona fide buyers are welcome to In-
spection; kindly call at office. ¦-¦ '-
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market et. bet 5th and 6th.
> Phone M'nt 1911. > (
A— KREDO & CO Money to Loan
809 Market St.. Flood Building.
Big list at our office Exclusively
12 rooms: Sheriff's #ale; new: best offer.
48 rooms: hotel and bar; WOO monthly.
A — $325; flat: central; elegant; new: cost $600.
$650 — 10 rooms; Post St.; rent $37 50.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1C rooms: clears $40 f300
11 rooms; clears $30 *^50
8 rooms;; clears $30 .$300
And other bargains. 842 Howard et.
FLAT, 6 rooms; nicely furnished: all new; only
few doors from Market st ; rent $30 per mo. :
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth st; no agents. •¦
75 ROOMS; best-paying transient Kearny-st.
lodging-house; 3 years' lease; no agents. Box
222. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S materializing, trumpet and
Elate-writing seance to-night, 50c; everyone
communicates with their friends; readings
daily. 1052 Ellis st.
WYLLIE, photo medium; short stay longer;
bring camera and plates; come, skeptics. 309
Turk st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. -
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8 p.
¦ m. 1084 Bush St.; tel. Larkin 4133.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night. 10c; proph-
etic readings, ladles. 50c; gents $1. 132 6th.
Mrs Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^PROF. IPAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
reader; desires engagements; pupils requires.
2755 Bush st. ' ¦
Address Ayers' Business College. 723 Market
st, for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec:. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated 'with theatrical agency securing po-
sltions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
KENT Law School, day and night. 554 ParrotC
Building (Emporium). Send for particulars.
SPAXISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120- O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024- Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
ncse help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.BIack 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most.
reliable help. 624 Bush st; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
AN EXPERIENCED, reliable young English
woman desires re-engagement, attend con-
finements, nurse sick, charge of invalid;
charges reasonable: personal and written ref-
erences given. 1214A Mason St., phone Clay
commercial hotels, $25 and $20: 15 waltreses,
city, $25 and $20; 2 lunch waitresses. $3 50;
10 extra waitresses, 8 to 10 days' work $1 50
day. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary Bt.
COOK, Institution, $30; housegirl, $30; second
girl. $25; 2 waitresses for first-class springs;
also pantry girl, see party here; cook and
second girl. $30 and $25, see party here 10
o'clock; chambermaid, $20; a middle-aged
woman for light chamberwork, $16; man and
wife, $50; nurseglrl, $20. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.;' MR. DAVIS. *
WANTED — Vest operators and vest finishers;
also apprentices to learn. Apply factory
S. N. WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st
EXPERIENCED operators on wool, and ellk
waists; apprentices to sew on buttons; good
pay. San Francisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit sales-
lady; permanent position. Apply or address
Golden Gate Cloak House, 1230 Market Bt.
SALESLADIES, wanted; dry and fancy goods.
Apply 1401 Stockton st.. bet 11 and 12.
GIRL to assist with light housework; call
morning. 2003 California st
WANTED — Young girl for light general house-
work; wagas $15. 2107 California st.
NURSEGIRL for child 3 years old. Apply
2604 Howard st
GIRL to assist in small family; $10; sleep
home; car fare. 772 McAllister st.
WANTED— Reliable waitress for a ealoon;
usual commission. Apply 70 Jackson st
GIRL or woman for a bakery. Apply 350
Duncan st. bet. 27th and 28th. .
TWO pianists to play for lessons. HOOVER
University of Physical Culture, 1327 Market.
WAITRESS wanted; 6 days' work. 528 Fourth
street < .
GIRL to assist with light housework and care
HELP IV ANTED— .MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Phone Main 5848
List of Jobs ready daily at 7 a. m
....Office open 7 a, m......
~^.....Shlp railroad men free to-day to
Reno, Vista, Clark. Wadsworth, Rockeby,
Moleen. Dlttla, Elko, Iron Point. Salt Lake,
Butte Mountain, Palisade
Come one Come all
A thousand teamsters free... $2 25 day
500 -rockmen and drillers, free...
$2 25 to $2 60 day
75 car dumpers, fare.... ..$2 25 day
350 laborers for concrete work $2 to $2 DO
: FREE FARE TO •
SALT LAKE NEVADA
) 20 teamsters, railroad work, near Prescott..
$2 day
2 camp blacksmiths. Arizona. .$60 and found
: SANTA FE
25 laborers for section and ballast work
Free fare
MINES ......<...
flp laborers, mine company, fare $1 60. no
experience required ?<jU
15 laborers to work around mine, no experi-
ence required; steady Job. wages $40 to $5^
and found; 5 miners, north, $75; 3 miners,
gold mine, $2 60 day; 3 furnace men. quick-
silver mine, $75; 20 drillers, $2 to $2 50
MECHANICAL
. 2 engineers, donkey, for woods..$75 and found
Donkey engineer to run engine In woods....
¦;; $75 and found
Blacksmith, city camp, $45 and found; black-
smith, country shop, $3 day; blacksmith, no
shoeing, city, $2 60 day; wheelwright camp,
city, $45 and found
Mason for granite work, country.... $5 a day
PATTERNMAKER ..'..BLACKSMITHS
Patternmaker, country machine shop, $3 50
to $4 day; blacksmith, camp, near city, $90;
blacksmith, small country shop, $40- and
found; blacksmith, sawmill; 10 blacksmiths,
camps, shops and ranches; 2 brick molders;
edgerman, sawmill, $3 day '• • • •
' LABORERS TEAMSTERS
4 teamsters, city, board home, $2; 6 laborers,
city, board home • '
20 laborers, factory, near city, $26 and found;
6 laborers dig ditches, large ranch, $30; 45*
laborers, city and country, $2, $75 and found;
79 teamsters, different Jobs, city and country,
$2. $2 50, $30 to $40 and found; 10 teamsters,
fare 25c, $60. y-t-
MISCELLANEOUS ?..;..
Buggy washer, city stable* ....leo
Hostler, city stables.. .....$60
Man for coal yard, city; S brick wheelers,
brick yard; Janitor, city hotel; S laborers,
factory, city; 8 milk wagon drivers, city; 7
stablemen, city and country stables, $35 and
$40 and found, etc; can washer, city dairy,
$25 and found; stableman lumber company,
country, $30 and found; boy to learn ma-
chinist trade, city; sheep herder, $30 and
found • ••
SAWMILLS ."•
Remember, We Pay Your Fares and Ship
To-Day
6 laborers, sawmill, Sonoma, see boss at our
office; 479 men to work in. sawmills, yards,
and woods to run machines, pile lumber and
make themselves useful, no experience re-
quired; 47 different sawmills, all parts of
California
Wages $30 to $65 and found
EXPERIENCED SAWMILL HELP
4 log loaders, woods $55 and found
6 Jackscrewers, woods $40 and found
3 shingle packers, $52 and found; edgerman,
see boss here, $3 day; 3 settlers, see boss
here, $3 day; 10 tree fellers $45; 15 crosscut
sawyers, $45; 8 barkers; 2 trimmers, drag
sawyer, $75 and found; 15 lumber pliers, $60,
$40 and found •
FARMS HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
..... .DAIRIES CHOREMEN
Nurseryman, ranch $26 and found
326 men to work in the hay and harvest
fields, run mowers, etc.; wages $1 25, $1 50,
$2 day and found; 47 fanners, steady Jobs
year around, $30 and $35 and found; 140
men for fruit farms; 73 milkers, $40, $35
and found; 3 cheese and I butter makers;
choreman. private place, $30 and found; 25
choremen and boys, ranches and private
places; milker and wife, eee boss here, $45
and found; farmer and wife, fare 60c, see
boss here, $45 and found
HOTELS, ETC
Cam p Cooks Cooks on Boats Laundry
Fry cook, city hotel, '$45 and found; bar-
tender, city ealbon, $50 and found; washer,
small laundry, $25 and found; head waiter,
country hotel ; 9 ranch ' cooks, $25, - $30.
$40 and found; cook for dredger, 6 men, $30
and found; 3 cooks for hay press crews, $30;
19 cooks, other Jobs, city and country, $35,
$40 and $50; 24 waiters, city and country,
$25, $35 and $40; camp waiter, $25, city; 2
waiters, boat; 3 cake bakers; 3 bread bakers;
27 dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc
Why
Should you get your Jobs from us?.....
Because
We have the most work to select from, best
Jobs and biggest wages
Get One of Our Lists at 7 a. m.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
59 3d St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
; - ....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
opposite California Hotel
between Kearny and Grant Ave
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.
For Nevada For Nevada For Nevada.
WE SHIP TO-DAY ". • • •
To all points in State of Nevada. .....
on C. P. RECONSTRUCTION WORK, . . .
600 teamsters '. $2 and $2 2i>
600 laborers ....*. $2
600 rockmen $2 25
600 concrete men $2 25 and $2 50
100 scraper holders and loaders $2 25
/ SHIP TO-DAY
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
BOO tunnelmen, drillers muckers and out-
Bide laborers $175 to $3 a day
SHIP TO-NIGHT
Free Fare Free Fare.
100 laborers near city. $2 a day; 10 car-
penters, country $3 a day; 20 lumber pliers.
$35; 50 laborers, country sawmill, $2 to $2 75
a day; 20 farmers, milkers and choremen, $25
to $35; 5 blacksmiths, country. $2.50 to $3
a day; milker and wife. $50
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Butcher for Springs Hotel, $45; night cook
for railroad camp, $40 and free fare; 20
dishwashers ¦ and kitchen hands for resorts
and springs. $30 and $25
Male Entrance. 12 Berry St
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St
WANTED— Man with $150; take cash cigar
stand; $50 month. BROWN. 1221 Market at.,
WANTED — Honest man with $125; duties will
be to take cash and assist In restaurant:
$40 month, board and room; no experience
necessary. BROWN Mt CO.. 1221 Market at
WANTED — A auperintendent and foreman of
general grading and team work. Apply 28
Montgomery st.. room 14.
RESTAURANT waltera and bus boys as ex-
tras for Shriners' convention; no fee. 52S
Montgomery st. . .
WAITER — Steady man; $9 a week. Restau-
ra'nt. 511 Montgomery st. !
WANTED — A man to work on a farm. Apply
119 Tenth at. ¦
$25— MAN take Interest light manufacturing
business; $50 month. 737 Howard, room 64.
$45— CIGAR store; well stocked; must be sold
this week; good bargain. Call at 622 Fourth.
BARBERS— $15 buys 2 chairs and poles. 172
Minna st. room 12. ¦
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S- navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. .
TWO first-class agents for country trip; must
be family men and responsible; $10 per week
and commission. Address at once, C. F.
HOWELL. Vallejo.
WANTED — By leading building and loan as-
sociation, experienced solicitor; liberal con-
tract; salary and commission. Address box
291, Call.
WANTED — Reliable, active young man; part-
ner in mercantile lunch business; best loca-
tion; elegantly fitted up; $125 required. Ap-
ply P. S. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny st.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
' tion counter; state experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SALESMAN to handle good line of cigars as
side line; country or city; good proposition
to right party. Box 296. Call.
BARBER shoo for sale; first-class, up-to-date
modern furniture: centrally located. Sec.
Barbers' Union, Spreckels bldg.. 925 Market.
ACTIVE young man with some experience as
assistant in drafting room; state experience
and terms. Box 305, Call office.
WANTED — A good blacksmith and wood-
worker. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seventeenth
• and Vermont sts. ' -.
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
with towels, 40c per 100. Yosemlte Towel
Supply Co., 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED . by Master Plasters' Association —
Union lathers. $2 60 per M. Box 18, Build-
ers' Exchange, 1110% Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — First-class gang edgerman and a
steam feed sawyer. Box 211, Call. ¦
MEN wanted at 1155 Market st. to buy United
LOST AND FOUND Continued.
LOST— At ferries, lady's purse; if overland
tickets are returned no questions asked.
D'ORLAN CIE. 421 PoweU st.
LOST— 26th and Folsom, grip containing gloves
and scissors. Excelsior Glove Co.. 415 Market.
LOST— Ferry-boat Berkeley, or near ferry, pri-
vate papers: reward. 137 Montgomery, r. i^.
LOST— June 2d. small white poodlo named
Flossie. Reward at 623 McAllister.
LOST — $5 reward, cocker spaniel, white and
brown; our pet: has collar and tag. 4o»
Se\enth st. Oakland. GEO. H. LEE.
LOST — June 2. from Ashby station. Berkeley, a
sorrel horse; when lost had halter with chain
attached to It. Address 1126 Howard st.
LOST— On Market st, lady's barpin: 3 pearls.
2 black. 1 white. Liberal reward for the re-
turn at 154 Eddy st. ___
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old gold
and sliver to make new watch cases. •
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass. Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 721 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
ALL former patients of Mrs. Dr. Gwyer will be
glad to know she has returned to San Fran-
cisco and opened offices for the successful
treatment of suffering humanity; those con-
sulting her will be assured of careful and
honest treatment; consultation and advica
free; private home for patients; 10 to 12 a.
m., 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.; Sundays by ap-
pointment only: phone Jessie 2131. Entrance*
to offices, rooms 25 to 28, 1504 Market at..
over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist— rLadles. all who are sick or in trouble.
- consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O*DON-
NFJJV, office A residence. 1018 Mkt, op. 8th.
A— DR. ROSEN: this specialist exercises th«
most Important of modern principles In treat*
ing and curing female complaints; ladles, ail
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
noraml results; fee low. 1007% Market »t
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
1008% Market St.. opp. oth and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' ipe-
ciallst; 30 years* experience: private home la
confinement Moved to 728 Post at. nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles* reliable special-
ist: maternity hospital: home for infant*
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy at. nr Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home before and dnrtnc
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co../ 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1128 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY-
•500 — ESTABLISHED millinery business, stock
and fixtures If sold immediately. Apply
room 336. Phelan building.
MIXES AND MINING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill: will pay from
the start: only small capital required: easy
terms. THE INVESTORS" AGENCY. 137
Montgomery St.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALB.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand 'machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 1000 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Dm mm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big »«ock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Col lender Co., 652 Mission.
FOR sale— Double seated surrey, good as new;
very reasonable. Inquire at 214 Ashbury st.
near Hayes.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
OXE cr two children to board; good home; best
of care; reasonable. S95 Oak et, Alameda,
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $250 OYSTER and chop house on Larkin st :
rent Jl'J; good location and good business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26# Kearny.
A— $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce.
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $550; CANDY, Ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. See Rt G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar, with llv-
ing-rooms; rent $42: best location on Leav-
enworth et.; good paying. Call R. G.
V.'ILKE, 2t;% Kearny st
A— J2C50; RESTAURAXT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a firsf-clasg paying business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny st. >
A — STOO; SALOOX; only one block north of
Market st. ; net rent $25; a good paying busi-
ness; value in sight. For particulars eee R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny et. ,
A— $1600; RESTAURAXT on Market st; daily
receipts about $«0; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearrj- it. •
A — $1250; COFFEE salmon and restaurant near
Market and Powell Ets.; value $2500; make
an offer; sickness cause of selling. See R.
G. WILKE, 26% Kearny E t
A— $450; BAKERY, established years: all store
trade; rent $40; 3 rooms and kitchen: baking
1 barrel r>er day. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearnj' Et.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tarr.ale
depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the best investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn as much In divi-
dends as his principal: why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
affairs ot lite, ills lniormauon ana aavice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc., are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has bafflled the
physician's skill cured without medicine:
there Is no home so sad and. dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life so
hard and blighted, that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught, Medlumistic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
S26 O'Farrell Street 326
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bids.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
pening? and portrays events to occur In the fu-.
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how . to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 45tt«.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gyp^y clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5: send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c-^SPECIAL $1 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 daily.
1,010 Mission St., near Sixth.
f ARRIVED — ARRIVED. "
PALMERO, the Wonder, clairvoyant and palm-
ist has arrived and is now located at 993 Mar-
ket; office 4; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. dally.
PROF. VOXNIJE. the wonderful Austrian
palmist and astrologist, reads In different
languages; gives perfect satisfaction. 28
Sixth st, parlors 2 and 3.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
ADVICE on love and all business affairs: read-
217.
THOROUGHLY competent dressmaker wishes
work by the day in families: city or country;
fitting warranted. Box J.. 218, Call office.
YOUNG girt, 16 years, wishes situation as
light housework. Call or address MISS
IREXE DRIVER, 211 Fourth St.
LADY wishes nursing by the day; experienced.
824 Green St.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing or
cleaning; $1. Call 2204 16th, near Potrero av.
GERMAN woman wishes position as invalid's
nurse; willing to assist with housework;
first-class reference as to capability and char-
acter. 149 Fourth st, rear house.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing, sweeping or sewing; $1 60
per day. 148 Sixth st, room '22. . ' .
A COMPETENT, experienced woman would
like place as companion to elderly lady or in-
valid. Box 304, Call.
A YOUNG woman with a little girl wishes slt-
uatlon In a private family. Call room 27%,
474 Ninth st, Oakland.
WANTED — By reliable woman, a position to
wash dishes In hotel or restaurant. 49 Minna.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Eubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Vi-
lencla st.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED-.MALB.
SITUATION wanted by experienced young
florist and gardener, to take charge of big
place, either private or commercial: single;
good references. Address G. D., box 272, Call.
YOUNG man, speaks Spanish, French, Italian,
Russian, German and English, wants position.
Box 289, Call.
WANTED — Place as coachman and gardener,
cky or country; can milk; good reference.
Box 300/ Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener wishes a situation; ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, 30-32 Ellis
st, Baldwin House.
BAKER, foreman. Al man, wants place; city
or country; is steady and reliable. Address
v/i. viiiiu. wan qiici xv, *uui itiission ei.
WAITRESS wanted; $30 a month. Cumber-
land Hotel. 1076 Bush.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; halrdresslng.
manicuring, massage,- hairwork' taught in 2
weeks: price $3 60; employment, guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rma. 13-15.
WANTED — Two bright 'women to form a part-
nership and manage business at Denver;
splendid paying proposition. Address MRS
L. REDSTON. 421 Powell at
FORELADY wanted for shirt factory in city;
one having the thorough knowledge of mak-
ing up shirts. Apply, etatlng experience,
A. B.. box 298. Call office.
LADIES to learn, barber trade; only two
months required: special offer this month;
.halrdresslng taught In four weeks; catalogua
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
Halrdressing, manicuring, massage, - bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 94.
YOUNG lady to assist with housework and 2
children; fair wages. Call 1 Belcher court,
off 14th st., bet. Church and Sanchez.
WANTED — Lady assistant bookkeeper, whole-
sale commission house. J. O. MEYERINK.
428 Sansome st. *"
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work. Apply
at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market at. ¦
YOUNG girl for general housework; no cook-
ing; small family. 1831 Eddy st
CHOCOLATE dipper wanted. Apply at TOWN-
SEND'S. 639 Market st.
WANTED — Conscientious, reliable woman to
help push new business. Box 292, Call.
WANTED — Bright woman; good talker; lucra-
tive. Box 301. Call office.
EXPERIENCED ironers wanted at 3372 Mis-
sion et.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; 2 in
family; gas atove. 862 Lombard st. • .
WANTED— 2 lady barbers at 262 O'Farrell st;
pay good wages.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD' &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare Free Fare
Office fee'$l; no other expenses
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 60 per day
100 rock men $2 25 to $2 60 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE ._, FREE FARE
Mendocino County Big Sawmill
60 railroad laborers. .$26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen •¦
¦ • $26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY ...........FREE FARE
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers,
crosscutters, chain tenders, Jackscrew men,
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and board ' j
FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
6 carpenters, company work, long job
$3 60 per day
RANCH HANDS
50 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 60 per day and
board
10 laborers, concrete work $2 per day
25 laborers, rock quarry $2 per day
Man and wife and helper to cook for 80 men
and email family $100 per month
Plumber's helper, country $55 per month
Milker, country 21 cows.. $32 60 per mo. & fd
5 milkers $35 to $40 per month and found
3 stablemen, city... $45. $50 and $55 per mo.
ACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638 CLAY
PHONE MAIN 1911.
650 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE SHIP TO-DAY
To Wadsworth, Rokeby. Battle Mountain,
Vista. Telegraph Point and Carlln. .. .Fee $1
175 railroad men. S. P. Co.'s own work
Coast Division .. Free fare .. Ship to-day
To San Ardo, Spense. Bradley and San Luis
Obispo
3 boys to run errands .-...$5 per week
19 laborers for mines, north $2 per day
37 laborers and miners, south.. $2 to $2 60 day
¦ 15 quarry men. free fare -..$2 per day
4 woodcheppers, Santa Cruz Co $2 50 cord
2 men to clear land $30 per acre
2 brass molders and finishers $3 per day
7 tanbark men for Willets $45 and found
18 men for Napa County ..: .$60
7 tleniakers, Mendocino Co $35 and found
3 tie sledders. Mendocino Co. . . .$40 and found
14 tiemakers. Mendocino County. .12c to 18c
1 waiter, city $30 and found
8 laborers, near city $1 and found
1 boy to assist baker $15 and found
1 bell boy $15 and found
2 teamsters, near city $2 per day
2 caroenters l.'.v: S3 KO nor H»v
Workingmen's $3 60 shoes at $1 50.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; wages or com-
mission. 1125 Market st., bet. 7th and 8th.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st
BOOTBLACK wanted at 211 Scott st
WANTED— A porter. Apply 1837 Fillmore st,
bet Bush and Sutter, bet 1 and 5 p. m.
TO let — For barber shop; rent cheap. Inquire
408 Folsom st. ' -
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Man who understands the florist
business. 500 Halght st
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
\ big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard at. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 29 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st. j>et 1st and 2d sts. y
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOU can find what you want in the horse line
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
St.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange, 246 Third st.
Ean Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
motors, pumps, wooa ana iron wonting rca-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st
THE public Is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FINE speaking parrot for sale. 2427 Folsoca
street
LUMBER and firewood. 823 Folsom st ,
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st, cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving;
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-haad
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 48 Fremont st
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2d & Brannaa.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines A boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also rents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton at ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — A three-horse power alternatln«
motor in exchange for a new piano. Address
Bex 287. Call.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins]
send postal: will call. Box 4960. CmlL
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones)
bought J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th at; tel. Jessie 2831.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sixes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrtcalWks.418 Turk.
¦ ' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains:
3 Steinway *. $95 to $280
2 Knabe $85 to $110
loss: we accept accounts as low as $10; divi- I
dend for week ending May 31, $5 04; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CA X CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
€15, Emma Spreckels building.
A— Branch bakery and milk depot; fine loca-
tl^n on business street; 4 living rooms; rent
$15; price $150. • • • Restaurant near
Mission st. ; clears over $80 a month; rent $15;
price $600. • • • Grocery and bar; good
corner location; fine fresh stock; cheap rent
• * * Call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Mkt
FOR sale— Butcher chop in good location;
horse, wagon, good furniture and family
trade; rent $15; price $800; worth $1000. In-
q-Jlre at MrliRIDE & CO.'S. 7C5 Marlcet St.
$3< )0— P A RTXER wanted in light business; $18
to ?25 a weok, with chance to make $35 in
short time; plain. Fteady man will find this
a chance worth taking. 25 Geary st, rm 4.
CIGAR store, best bargain in city for small
amount of money; owner sick in bed- must
sell cheap. 1018 Market St., room 10.
FOR SALE — Good paying newspaper in South-
crn Oregon: town of 3500; big Job work pa-
tronage. Address box 313. Call office, S. F.
$500— IX Alameda: branch bakery, groceries
candy, cigars and notions: will invoice Drice
asked. Address Box 308. Call.
SPKCIAL bargain — Saloon, worth $500, for
$300; must be sold at once: party going east
to look arter real estate. Call or add H S
CO2H; Third et: no agents.
SS500 — Commercial hotel on leading buslne«s
street, clearing JC50 monthly net; whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe- no
agents. Box 275, Call office.
FIXE chicken ranch for sale; also the furni-
ture of a 4-room house. Inquire at S. E corner
GJrarfl and Bacon ets.. San Bruno road.
AX experienced solicitor of good address, sober
ar.d honest, for tea, coffee and wine business
as partner; $2O0-$5Q0 required. Box 283. Call.
FOR sale — Hotel, 36 rooms, bar and dining
room. Inquire Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific '
rtreet after 2 p. m.
OYSTER and chop house for sale; old estab-
lished place. 344 Third Pt.
KESTAUIJAXT. b!ggrrt bargain In city, for
Immediate sale. 11 Mason st.
BUTTEK and egg route for sale. Box 293,
Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; cheap rent; good busi-
ness; owner going north. CIS Sixth st
ROUTE in Wertera Addition: building up dls-
trict; reasonable. Box 1732. Call.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE V/. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
uxiJcss euccetLfui. Room Z'J), 027 Market et
ings daily. MME. J. J. LYOXS, 1016 Mar-
ket 8t. and 11 Eddy, rooms 8 and 9; hrs. 10-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Et, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questiops; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MRS. HOUEER, wonderful medium: truth or
no pay; full life readings GOc. 704 Howard.
LIXCOLX — Clairvoyant and high .psychlst;
hours 11 to 3: readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant Yard reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works; 353-357 Tehama st. ; teL South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
BTEVEXS. Mgr.. 3S-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
COJCKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Goiden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J- E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt.: teL Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HAIGHT. 638— $35; beautiful six-room cot-
tage. finished basement Rm 410 855 Market.
$1° — COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath, yard, cellar
water free. 1254A. Eeleom street.
_DENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAr"cLmfc.^09"Martetrcor7
4th r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done paln-
l»i<riy: teeth without plates our specialty- gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m: to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager!
EASY Dental Parlors. 0 Turk*st. cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors: skilled operators-
gas given: lady attendant R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
r>aKer, zzu inira su, uaKiaita.
YOUNG man of good education and experience
desires position as assistant cashier or book-
keeper. Box 216. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bandsawyer and machine man
Apply to W. J. C. 648 Bryant st !
GOOD Japanese cook .wants position, city or
San Mateo County; many years' experience;
speaks English very well. Y. S., 1329 Pine.
A Japanese boy-wants position to do housework
- or plain cooking. T. VALLEYS, 121 Haight
street., S. F., Telephone number Fell 7951.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
NOTICE TO FRUIT-GROWERS— Ship your
early fruit p.nd potatoes direct to Farmers'
Union. Seattle, Wash.
FLATS TO LET.
A — DOWNTOWN cozy flat of 7 rooms and
bath; cheap. 1219 Geary st., near Franklin.
HARRISON, 6C5 — Upper flat. 4 sunny rooms
and bath; no children.
HAYES. 1747. near Park — Lower flat, 5 sunny
rooms, bath, $20; water free.
TENTH, 435 — Flat 6 rooms, bath and laun-
dry.
CALIFORNIA, 1259 — Furnished flat of 4 rooms,
' bath. $25. Particulars phone Green 976.
FLAT of 5 large rooms. Corner of Third and
Minna sts.
TO rent — Lower flat of 1520 and upper fiat of
151S Broadway, near Van Ness ave.
$16 — Bay-window sunny flat; five, rooms. 28^i
West Mission St., bet. Twelfth and Brady 1 .
A DOWNTOWN cozy flat of 5 rooms and bath;
cheap. 1210A Geary st.. near Franklin.
3 SUNNY fiats, 4 rooms ; newly renovated. 714
Natoma st. : rent $14.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let — Furnished flat of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry; rent low. Apply between 2 and 4
o'clock at 79 South Park. .
GOLDEN GATE. 1517 — I rms. :bath; gas range;
. garden; $25; lower flat. 2 rms., $12 60; 1 to 4.
GOOD chance to buy fine furniture modern
flat: flat to rent; central. I'hone Howard 856.
COMMODIOUS, sunny, corner 7-room flat; ele-
gantly furnished. 1S00 Sutter Bt .
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, tobm 13.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ¦
HELP WANTED MALE. .
CAMP cook, $60, and helper, $35; second cook
and wife as waitress, $65, country . hotel ;
restaurant cook, $70; restaurant second cook,
$10 week: hotel waiters, $30; restaurant,
waiters, $35; porters, bell boys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
20 LABORERS and teamsters, $2 and $2 50
. day, free fare; 100 laborers for mills, mines,
quarries, pick and shovel work and factories,
$2; 2 woodchoprers, $2 60 cord; lumber pil-
ers. $2 day; 3 laborers for mill, $45 and
board, and many others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento st
FARMER and wife. $50; man and wife, pri-
vate family, $50; buttermaker, $35 and
found; milkers, $30 and $35; gardener, $35;
2 men about place, $25 and $30.; ranch chore-
men. $25 and $30; man to run ferry boat,
$35; coachman, $35; buggy washer, $2 day;
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
SAW filer, $4 day: 6 carpenters for country,
$4 day; 3 ranch blacksmiths, $40 and board;
3 blacksmith helpers, $35 and board and $2
to $2 25 day; 2 blacksmiths, $2 60 day; 2
carpenters, city, $3 50 day; carriage wood-
workers and painter; . young man for laun-
dry, $7 week: 4 lead burners, $3 50 day;
polisher, $12 week; 2 carriage setters and
many other mechanics. ,J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. v
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Head
waiter, country hotel, $40; 2 waiters,, flrst-
' class hotel. $30: waiter. $9 a week; 2 wait-
ers, country, $25 to $30; kitchen hands, ex-
. ¦ tra, $1 and $1 50 day; vegetableman, $25;
sllverman, $25: window cleaner, $7 a week;
coachman, $35: butler, $40: farm hand, t $25.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Head waiter, $40; 3 waiters, $30; colored
waiter. $30; help In laundry. $25; bell boy,
$20; clerk and help porter, $25.
2 BUSES, first-class dining-room, $25. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st. ;
A ' MAN ' and wife; private place, city; $50.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter. )
A GENTLEMAN of good address to handle a
high-class proposition among the leading busi-
ness concerns of , the ( city. 57 Columbian
building, between 9 and 12 o'clock. /
WANTED — Vest operator, male or female.
Apply factory S. N. WOOD, 27. Geary st .
WANTED— Basters on coats. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary st. ¦ ¦
-WANTED— Good bushelman. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27. Geary st. .,.-..,-. - '
Many other positions'. Call and read our
bulletins. .
WANTED — A" solicitor by a large grocery
firm; must have had experience in same
work; give .references, age, where last em-
ployed, salary earned and full Information
concerning yourself. Address box 309, Call.
WANTED— Steady man with $150 for plain
light business that will . easily pay $75 per
month; must be reliable and attend strictly
to business. 765 Market st., room 3.
$75 — A RARE chance for steady man; cigar
store and laundry office; transient location;
rent $10. Particulars 257 Fourth st, near
Folsom. ¦ ¦ ' .
CARRIAGE bodymaker.
Striper and varnlsher.
O'BRIEN & SONS. Polk at and G. G. ave.
MINERS wanted to develop copper mine on
shares; a good prospect. MRS. B. F. ROSS,
Spencerville, Nevada Co., Calif.
YOUNG man as assistant bookkeeper; must be
a rapid writer and quick at figures. Apply,
giving references, box 288, Call.
BUSHELMAN wanted. SUMMERFIELD &
ROMAN, 901 Market st. .
UNION . barber for Saturday and Sunday. At
428 Broadway. •
UNION barber for Saturday night and Bun-
day. 504 H Broadway. • ,
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday at 517
¦ Montgomery ave.
GOOD barber wanted; steady Job; apply at
once. 229 Fourth st. .
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 1805 Howard st
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday at 605 Mis-
sion st, $5. . . . . •. ;
FOR restaurants — Walters, cooks, dishwashers,
kitchen help; no fee. - 526 Montgomery at.
EXPERIENCED porter for first-class restau-
rant; no fee. 526 Montgomery - st.
WANTED — An apprentice for architect's office;
graduate high school preferred. Box 290, Call.
WAITER wanted. 207 Third st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 1405 Polk st. .
WANTED — Night man who can do a little
order work. Cozy Restaurant, 1005 Valencia.
WANTED — An up-to-date downtown barber
shop. Box 310, Call . office.
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 3 Jackson st
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — Light delivery wagon almost new.
Twenty-ninth st. and San Jose ave.
FOR SALE — Fine buggy horse. Corner Twen-
ty-sixth and Alabama sts.
WANTED — Gentle buggy horse for lady to
drive, cheap. Box 306, Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horses. ISth.fe Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ASHBURY, 727— $40; elegant 9-room house-
finished basement. Room 410, 825 Market et
EEULAH. 19. near Cole-r-Modern house, 6
¦ rooms "and bath: $35; nice neighborhood.
HOUSES WANTED. — "
WANTED— Modern cottage of 4 or S rooms In
Oakland suburbs. Box 4290. Call. Oakland.
HOUSES TO LET COUNTRY.
MENLO~7Fair O^tsS^Jfew^coTugeTTIroomr
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary!
FURNISHED HOUSES-COUNTRY.
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished and
stable; at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. D AddIv tn
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery st or
ALEX. BOUICK. San AnaelmS.
HOUSES FOR HALE. "
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on bay st"
cheap; to be removed immediately. Boj
557, Call. 4 „
LOST AND FOUND.
THE person who took the gold link purse con-
taining locket and chain from the ladles'
toilet in Techau Tavern on Thursday even-
ing. May 29, was recognized. She will save
trouble by returning If to the tavern at once-
no questions asked. - •
LOST — Gold lorgnettes, on Sacramento-st. cars
or in downtown district, Thursday afternoon-
"McL." on one side; liberal reward LOUIS
McLANE JR., with Wells, Fargo & Co
. ferry office.
$7 50 REWARD on return of one Yale bicycle
evidently taken by mistake from Bush-st'
entrance Mills building. F. TALBOT ROS^'
- Mills building, seventh floor, room 8.
LOST — A large black dog. with name A. Field
on collar. Alameda license. Finder return to
231 Golden Gate ave. and receive reward.
5 Weber $65 to $150
6 Hallet & Davis $80 to $165
2 Fischer $73 to $155
1 Bourne .............. ................ ...$40
S Haynca $235
1 Kittle $2S5
Over 5000 Heine pianos in S. F. Agents tor
famous old Gabier and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO..
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
DURING the next ten days we want to dispose
of a number of Dianos that have been taken
in exchange, and the price has been marked
down on each to a point where profit 1* out
of the question: bring all the money you can
spare to pay down and we will see that you
get a bargain. The Zeno Mauvals Music Co..
769 Market at.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way ot prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
' SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. l'>. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any Urn*
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING!
A Steinway— A Fischer — A Steck.
And ten others from $60 up.
All uprights, easy payments, fully guaranteed
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'FarreU st. "
WANTED at once — Four square pianos suitable
for country resorts. BYRON MAUZY 30s
310-312 Post st. *
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal uprisht: easy
payments. 16 McAllister st, next Hlbernia
Bank.
Leaving for London compels quick sacrifice o£
beautiful large 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st
T^F T",F :T . B -, A "' EN co - Ml Market st-
Steck. Everett. Lujwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano- must be
cold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450: high-grade uprights
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.ST. LOUIS. June 5. — A petition setting forth
their grievances and , demanding an advance of
wages being circulated throughout the country
among the Pullman conductors now has 15.000
signatures. The petition demands that all new
conductors' be paid $65 a month for the first
six months of their services, $70 the second
six months and $80 after they have served one
year. ... v. : .
LIZARD— Passed June B — Stmr Pennsylva
nia, from New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg;
and Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 5— Stmr Roter
dam. for New York, via Boulogne-Sur-Mer. •
LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 5 — Stmr Domin
ion, for Montreal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA — Arrived June 5 — Br stmr Duke)
of Fife, from Yokohama.; Br stmr Indravelli,
from Moji: Br ship Deccan. from Hongkong.
VANCOUVER — Arrived June. 5— Stmr Queen,
from Seattle, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 6 — Stmr Conemaugb, for Ta
coma.
FOREIGN PORTS,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June fr— B*
ship Deccan. from, Hongkong.
Passed inward — Schr Mlndoro. from Mazat
lan.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 6 — Stmr, Oregon, for
Nome; stmr Al-Ki, for Skagway; stmr Faral
lon, for Skagway.
Arrived June 5 — Stmr Edith, from San Fran*
Cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
> Thursday, June S.
Stmr Chehalls, Thompson, Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 5.
Chll stmr Palena. Moon, 37 days from Val
paraiso, via Mazatlan 5 days.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
? Estate of | Walter Haas ' (minor) | (by George
William Haas, guardian) to George Haas
Realty Company (a corporation), undivided 1-5
of following: Lot on S Uno of Eddy street,
123:6 W of Polk, W 103:l>4 by S 137:6; also
lot on NE line, of Fourth street, 24 N W of
Clary, also distant 224 NW of Harrison street,
NW 51 by NE 80; also lot on S' line of Page
street 100 W of Shrader. W 50 by S 137:6;
also lot on NW corner of Twenty-eighth ave-
WEDNESDAY. JUNE 4,
Mary E. Griffin' vs. Stanley A. Horan (by
Henry P. Sonntag, referee) to Robert -Dalziel,'
lot on NW line of Mission street, 312 NE of
Second, NE 48 by NW100; $51,500.
¦ Eliza Meyers to Mary Meyers, lot on N line
of Minna street, 155 W of Third, W 20 by N
70; $10.
Jane A. Boylan to Frank H. Guntz, ' lot on
SE line ot Clementina street, 325 NE of Sixth,
NE 25 by SE 75: $10. ¦ . ¦ ¦
Honora Eagan to Julia' C. Lyon, lot on NW
line of Folsom street, 200 NE of Seventh, . being
on the N corner of Folsom street and Moss
place, NE 25 by NW 80; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Daniel E
Gates, lot on N line of Lake street, 132:6 W
of Twenty-fifth avenue, W 25 by N 108; $500.
Robert Wilson to Ella R. Smith, lot on W
line of Second avenue, 100 N of Point Lobos
avenue. N 25 by W 111:5; gift.
Edward and Ellen Lawrence to Fred L. Mor
rill. lot on the SW corner of Twelfth avenue
and M street, W 57:6. by 3 100; $10. *
. Margaret A. Martin to Henry F. Strlegel, lot
on SE corner of Nineteenth avenue and M
street, S 50" by E 120; $10.
< Walhelmine W. Mager to F. Graessler, lot
on S line of Ploche street, 132:6 E of Cam
bridge, E 25 by S 100, block 132, University
Mound; $10. '.:
Joseph A. and Alice I. Mlgliavacca to G.
Migliavacca, undivided one-half of lot on S
corner of Brazil and Vienna streets, SW 300 by
SE 100, lots 1 and 2, block 64, Excelsior Home
stead; $10. - : ¦¦;--:
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Edward
Quinn, lot on W line of Noe. street, 120 S of
Seventeenth. S 25 by W 125; $10.
Home Fire and Marine Insurance Company
of California (corporation) to Emlle and Berthe
Chauvet, lot on E line of Dolores street, 150
N of Twerty-sixth, N 50 by E 125; $10.
George M. and Jennie L. Harlce (by Adolph
Siebrecht and I. C. Scharff, trustees) to Gustave
Siebrecht, 1879 D. 382, lot on W line of Mont
gomery street, 37:6 N of Filbert, N 25 by W
87:6, trustees '• deed; $150.
' Margaret N. Dickson to Francesco Calegarl,
lot on S line of Union street, 157:6 E of Du
pont, S 60 by E 20; $10.
Bcrnhard and Rebecca Schweitzer to Mae
donough i Estate Company, lot on S line of
Union Square avenue (Morton), 40 W of Grant
avenue, W 45 by S 60; $10.
Mary ' and Lippmann Sachs to D. Zelinsky,
lot on S line of Post street, 137:8 W of Mason,
W 45:11 by S 137:6; $10.
Helen Deming to Mary E. Blgelow, lot on
the S Une of Broadway, 183:6 W of Jones, W
23 by S 60;i$10.
Sarah D. Williams (widow) . to Florence A.
Kendall (widow), lot on S line of Pine street,
112-6 E of Hyde, E 25 by S 137:0; $10..
. Alice Rutherford to John O. Tltlow, lot on S
line of Bush street, 77:6 W of Leavenworth,
W 30 by S 137:6, quitclaim deed; $10. -• *
Caroline M. and C. W. Hansen to John H.
Dieckmann, one-half lot on S line of Waller
street, 106:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by S 100; $10.
William W. Coates to Alfred J. Rich, lot
on NW line of Howard street, 115 SW of Elev
enth SW 25, NW 76:11, NE 25. SE 76.31; $10.
Mary L. and Charles B. F. Scho to Patrick J.
Kelly, lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 50 W
of Church. W 25 by N 100; $10.
Sarah Layng to A. D. Carvill, lot on S line
of Fell street, 110 W of Buchanan, W 45:10 by
S 120; -$10
Mary F. de Remer (Flllmore) to Esther M.
Wilson (wife of John D.), lot on N line of Val
lejo street, 100 W of Pierce, W 25 by N 100;
$10. •
Burrell G.' White to Mrs. Fanny Morris, lot
on NE corner of Devisadero and Bush streets,
N 40 by E 82:6; $28,750.
Baird Estate (corporation) to Daniel McKIl
lop, lot on W line of Central avenue, 25 S of
Page street. S 25 by W 93:9; $10.
Same to Louis N. Baudoin, lot on S line of
Page street, 168:6 E of Masonic avenue, E 25
by S 137:6: $10. ¦ ,
Ida S. and August M. Wallen to Mary E.
Grant, lot on N. line of Waller street, 159:7%
E of Shrader, E 25 by N 100; $10.
TUESDAY, JUNE 3.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ALAMEDA, June 5.— Notification has
been received by the local police depart
ment of the death at San Quentin of S.
J. Thomas, colored, who was serving a
term of forty years for a murderous as
sault in this city eight years ago on the
Rev. Mr. Wolff and his wife. Thomas at
tacked the Wolffs with a hatchet white
they were asleep in their home on Buena
Vista avenue and inflicted upon them,
seme frightful wounds. Thomas confessed
his crime.
Death Ends Hia Sentence.
Judge Greene granted divorces to Lulu
L. Soule from William Soule on the
ground of desertion and to Mary E. James
from William James on the ground of
neglect.
Lillian Schoonmaker filed a suit for di
vorce to-day against Wesley T. Schoon
maker. They were married eight years
ago and have no children.
Lawrence T. Agnew, the boxer, has re
plied to the suit of his wife, Lillian As
new, for divorce on the ground of deser
tion, and will ; contest the suit when, it
comes up before Judge Ogden on June 12.
Agnew is now in Honolulu.
Erick Thompson began suit for divorce
against Christina Thompson on th»
ground of desertion. The couple wera
married ten years ago.
OAKLAND. June 5.— When Peter
Thompson died a year ago he left a leg
acy of debt for his widow to pay, consist
ing principally of a doctor's bill for $400
for treatment during his last illness. Tha
widow --married again not long after hi3
death, and now she Is Mrs. C. W. Denny.
As* she refused to pay the physician, who
is Dr. H. G. Thomas', she and her hus
band were made defendants in a suit for
the full amount. The suit was decided
in the physician's favor in Judge Hall's
court to-day, and now the new husband
must pay the debt left by the deceased
l.usbar.d.
tor's BUI.
Defends Suit Brought on. Doc-
NEW HUSBAND MTJST FOOT
DECEASED'S HUSBAND'S BILLS
Mrs. C. "W. Denny's Second Spoosa
Chief Hodgkins said: "We shall be
ready to turn Ward over to the proper
authorities as boon as he has served his
sentence in this city."
The woman who married Ward at Seat
tle was, a widow with $2" 00 and a house)
and lot. After Ward's arrest in thi3 city
she complained that her husband had se
cured all of her money.
Oakland Office San Franci3co Call,
1118 Broadway, June 5.
Bigamy is now charged against Michael
T. Ward, who dazzled Oakland shopkeep
ers with his story of a fortune of $000,000
that awaited him In Great Britain. Ward
is serving a six months' sentence for
stealing a diamond ring from Jeweler S.
Lathrop. The police are busy, mean
while, uncovering the swindler's past,
and it is a bad one.
From Salt Lake City to-day comes a
record of Ward's career there that
shows, according to the Mormon city's
police, that the reputed railroad contrac
tor and English heir has grievously de
ceived the woman whom he married a
few months ago at Seattle, because ha
had a wife on his hands at Salt Lak»
City when the northwestern marriage
was solemnized.
Not only that, but the blood of another
unfortunate woman with whom Ward be
came entangled is on his hands, for she
committed suicide.
It is from Samuel Paul, Chief of Polica
of Salt Lake City, that Chief of Police
Hodgkins "to-day received the following
letter: m
Dear Sir: The man Ward that you inquired
about In your last letter of May 31 was ar
rested here for obtaining goods by false pre
tenses, having bought wine, etc., for the wed
ding at the time he married Mrs. Fox. Ha
Induced her to marry him by promising to
give her enough money to make her independ
ent. He claimed to have large railroad con
tracts, which would make him rich, and he
had maps to carry out his story. Mrs. Fox
is his legal wife, having been married to him
in the Catholic church. The woman you men
tioned as bis wife was his stenographer, who
lived with him. He was not married to her.
She committed suicide after he married Mrs.
Fox. When he got In Jail he wanted Mrs.
Fox to put up to get him out, but she re
fused, telling him ' that If he was so well
fixed he could get the money some other place.
Mrs. Fox would like you to give any informa
tion you can to help her so that she can get
a divorce.
Bogus Heir Stands Charged
With Deception of a Trio
of Women.
Utah Police Send Rec
\ ord of M. Ward's
Career.
BERLIN, June 5-. — The bill providing for the
Germanizatlon of the German provinces of
Prussia passed Its second reading In the lower
house of the Prussian Diet to-day.
(contractors), architect same— Carpenter, cop
per and galvanized iron, hardware, structural
Iron and steel work for same on same; $23,450.
Same owner with Kern & Elbach (contrac
tors), architect same — Painting, etc.. for same
on same; $2000.
Same owner with Ickelhelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gas fitting for same on same; $41S5.
A. Schilling & Co. (owners) with Merritt F.
Gale (contractor), architects Kollofrath &
Deane — Excavation, concrete, brick, sandstone,
granite, steel and castiron for office building,
conservatory court, manufacturing building,
ceffee roasting plant and engine house on SB
corner of Second and Folsom streets, NE 75
by SET 275: $69,815.
Same owners with Adam Miller (contractor),
architects same — Carpenter and mill work,
wrought and ornamental iron, mosaic flooring,
hardware for same on same; $58,340.
Jules Simon (owner) with W. E. Grant (con
tractor), architect . Concrete, excava
tion, lumber, mill work, plastering, plumbing,
hardware, electric work, gas fixtures, plate
glass brick work, etc . for addition to rear of
hospital building on N line of Sutter street,
137:6 W of Scott. W 106:8 by N 164:1; $7495.
Sperry Flour Company (owners) with Wil
liam F. Wilson Company (contractors), Na
thaniel Blalsdell architect — Plumbing, gas fit
ting sewering and draining for office build-
Ing and warehouse building on NE line of
Spear street. 183:4 SE of Mission. SE 45:10 by
NE 275; $2087.
City and County Bank (a corporation) (own
ers) with G. P. W. Jensen (contractor), archi
tects Salfleld & Kohlberg— Carpenter work,
glazing, plastering and cementing for altera
tions to "store in a three-story frame building
on E corner of Stevenson and Sixth streets. SE
25 by NE 78; $1140.
A. Goodman (owner) with Charles J. U.
Koenlg (contractor), architect C. A. Muess
dorffer — All work except electrical work, gaa
fixtures and shades for alterations and addi
tions to building at 1115 and 1117 6**ry street;
S12S8.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Clara Hellman Heller (owner) with
Ralney & Phillips (contractors), architect J E
Krafft— Masonry work for a three-story and
basement brick residence on N line of Jack
son street, 85 W of Octavia, W 52-6 by N
127-.8&; $14,200. .*>¦"*.
. Same owner with W. T. Veitch & Brother
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie. P
Farnsworth. executrix) to F. C. Mosebach Jr
lot 9. block 7. Sunset Heights; $550.
Oscc? Heyman to Oscar M. and Josephine
Hanson, lot on E line of Andover avenue 225
8 of Crescent street, S 25 by E 70 lot' 186
Holllday Map A; $10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Alonzo L.
and Catherine Gray, lots 252 and 254 Holll
day Map A; $10.
Frederick E. and Bell M. Magee to Hans P
Hansen. lot on N line of West Park street 230
W of Mission. W 50 by N 100. lots 23 and 24
block C, French and Oilman Tract- $10
John N. Graham to Joseph Slye, estate of
Charlotte C. Graham; $10.
Margaret C Porter to Charles A. -Worth, lot
on N line of Grove street, 82:6 E of Polk, E
Michael and Maria Dunnlgan to Edward N
Pople. lot on N line of Filbert street, 162:6 W
of Larkln, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Maud H. Inwood to Theresa M. Green, lot on
w^by' N r mTe?Va eet> 18 ° :9 W °' L "?°-
Archibald Boland to Henry E. Bothln, lot on
NE corner of Greenwich and Polk streets 137-8
by E 121:10%; $10. . / *
Annie J. and George C. Boardman Harriet
F. and Minthorne M. Tompklns to Juda New
man, lot on N line of Jackson street 60 E
of Octavia, E 77:6 by N 127:10%; $10.'
Harry N. Hlckel and William B. and Ella
Dowllng to Edward F. and Annie E. Franks
lot on S line of Hermann street, 55:6 W of
Church S 80:4%. W 24:6, N 13:1%, NW 65.
Elizabeth J. Nason (Davis) to August and
Eliee Heltmeyer, lot on N line or Bush street.
113:6 E of Broderick, E 24 by N 137-6- $10.
Baird Estate (a corporation) to Julia A.
Holm (wife of T. N.). lot on SW corner of
Certral avenue and Halght street, S 25 by W
112:6; $10.
Tomasso Bozllottl to Norman Parrlsh Estate
(a corporation), lot on W line of Cherry street.
100 S of Clay. S 27:8% by W 105:4; $10.
Hobart [Estate Company (a corporation) to
Margaret 'J. Bland, lot on W line of Guerrero
street. 90 S of Fourteenth, S 25 by W 131:9;
$2300. • ¦ .
George W. and Sarah C. Schell to Martin J
Wright, lot on SW corner of Twenty-first and
Bartlett streets, W 28 by S 90; $10
« Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Manuel and
Joseph N. Noriega. lot on B line of Hartford
street, 87:4 S of Seventeenth, S 25 by E 125;
George F. Buck to Floyd L. and Earl D
Baird, lot on W line of York street, 100 N
of Twenty-fifth, N 4 by W 25- $10
Frances V. King (wife of Michael) to James
I* Lehman, lot on E line of Colllngwood (Sher
man) street. 147 N of Eighteenth. N 25 by E
l«.o * $10.
• Susie and George Middlemas to Morris B
O'Meara. lot on N line of Eighteenth street!
20 E of Clara avenue, E 25 by N 110; $10.
Alfred Overend to Elizabeth Overend. lot on
8 line of Elizabeth street. 176:8 W of Doug
lass. W 51:8 by 8 114, quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Anna Cohn (by Adolph Unger and
Hugo Rothschild, executors) to Charles Hlrsch
lot on W line of Kearny street, 101:6 N of
Bush, N 36:6 by W 39:2; $57,500.
Bertha Furstenberg to same same; $10.
Abraham G. Kinsey to Isabella R, Klnsey,
lot on W line of Leavenworth street. 87:6 S
of Sutter. S 41:6 by W 60: gift.
Mary H. Knoflach to Edward B. Hlndes, lot
on S line of Bush street. 137:6 E of Larkln E
30 by S 137:6; $10.
Amelia G. Gatlin to Louis S. Beedy, lot on
SE line of Stevenson street. 125 SW of Fifth.
SW 25 by SE 75; $10. . I
Frank W. and Delphlne McEwen to Marga
ret Thompson, lot on N line of Mariposa street
25 E of Texas. E 50 by N 100; $10.
San Francisco Land Company to Arthur
Bailly, lot on W line of Eighth avenue 100 S
of Lake street. S 25 by W 120; 410.
Catherine Hannan to McEwen Bros, (a cor
poration), lot on E line of Twenty-fourth ave
nue. 280 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 20 by E
120; $10. .
Mary E. Dewing to Simon P. Hicks, lot on
E line of Twenty- third avenue, 150 S of B
street, E 120 by S.47:7; $850. . .
Callaghan Estate Company to Oscar R. Me-
Gee and William N. Canfield. lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue, 150 N of I street N 25 by
E 120; $10.
, Solomon and Dora Getz to Alice Houdyshell
fot on S line of Montana street. 375 W of Ply
mouth, W 25 by S 125. block S. Railroad Home
stead Association; $10. . .'
THURSDAY, JUNE 6.
Thomas and Lizzie Dealy (or Daly) to Henry
F. Blanchet Jr., block bounded by Seventeenth
and Eighteenth avenues. P and Q streets block
345, O'N. & H. Tract, quitclaim deed; $i.
Henry F. Jr. and Clara H. Blanchet to E.
B. and A. L. Stone Company (a corporation),
lot on W corner of Seventeenth avenue and P
street. NW 550. SW 100, NW 60. SW 100 SE
600, NE 200, lota 3 to 48, lot 345, same tract-
Louis Mathe, P. A. and Ellen Dolan, Cath
erine Hurley and Mary Murphy (Donovan) (by
John Lackmann, Sheriff) to Marie J. and LIlia
Touchard. lot on N line of S street, 107:6 W
of Nineteenth avenue, N 100 by W 100; $400.
Anna D. Joost (single) to Gabriel and Lenore
C. Moulin, lot on SE line of South Broderick
street at dividing line of Park Hill Homestead
and Flint Tract, said point being distant 100
N'of Tilden street, SE 167:7%, N 29:5 NW
144:5, SW 25:8. lot 7, block D, Park Hill
Homestead; $10.
Christina Mackie to Louisa J. Michael, lot
on N line of Richland street, 203:7 E of Holly
E 25 by N 100, lot 59, block 4, Holly Park; $5.
Michael and Catherine A. McCann to Mar
garet W. Bowne. lot on W line of Victoria
street. 100 N of Stanley, N 60 by W 100, lots
47 and 48. block 38, City Land Association ;«$10.
J. A. and Julia Hyams to J. A. McMlllen.
lot on SW line of Sixteenth avenue South. 250
NW of J street, NW 25 by SW 100 block
327, South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Patrick J. Stapleton to Jean and Therese
Plat, lot 10, block 36, Fairmount, and all in
terest in said block; $10.
The Pacific Realty Company to James Mc-
Closkey.- lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 118.72
N of N street. N 134.30 by W 120. quitclaim
deed; $5.
Helene Sylvester ¦ to same, lot on 8 line of
K street. 32:6 W of Twenty-seventh avenue,
W 25 by S 100; $10.
Henry Sylvester Jr. to James Ward, lot on
SW corner of Twenty-seventh avenue and K
street, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Andrew O. and Marlon E. Donogh. N. Leo
and Ella C. Lelean to R'chard A. McLaughlin,
lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 125 S of Point
Lobos .avenue, S 25 by E 120; $100.
nue and S street. N 284:4, W 120. S 184:4, W
120. S 100. E 240; also property outside ot
county; $13,298. -
Agnes S. and Edward K. Taylor to Eva A.
Haxo. lot on S line of California street. 131:3
E of Webster. E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
Phllipp Selbel. Guenther Moennlng, Charles
Alpers (surviving trustees of Germanla Sav
ings and Building Union) to Catherine Plccin
nl (Kaufmann) (wife of Baptlsta Piccinni and
William Kaufmann), lot on ET. corner of Fill
more and Germania streets H 81:3 by S 24,
quitclaim deed; $10.
WilHam Kaufmann and Catherlna Plcclnnl
(Kaufmann) (wife of Bapttsta, t > Johannes and
Anna Wuelfken. lot on SE corner of Germanta
ard Flllmcro streets. E 81:3 by S 24; $10.
Matthaus A. and Margaretha Edelmann to
Herman Romig. lot on E line of Pierce- ' street,
160 N of Halght,. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Ella C. Williams (Hamilton) (wife of Robert
E.), Alma S. Reid (wife of R. Reid) and May
W. Hamilton to Marie V. Baldwin (widow) and
David J. Baird, lot on 8 line of Pacific ave
nue. 192:6 E of Pierce street, E 30 by 3
127:8%; $10.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Elizabeth M.
Dunn (wife of Peter L.). lot on N Uno of Fred
erick street, 94 E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by
N 128; $10.
Eugene J. and Annie E. Bates to Morris
Karsky, lot on N line of Fell street. 31:3 E of
Clayton, E 25 by N 100; $10.
William Trevivlck to Mary Crichton, lot on
N line of Fell street. 131:3 E ot Clayton. E 25
by N 137:6; $10. .
Clinton C. and Winnie G. Trlpp to Lucy V.
Kellom. lot on SW line of Folsom street, 170
from Twenty-fifth, S 25 by W 115; $10.
Mary and Harry R. Moss, Louts M. Hickox
and Louis Landler (by James R. McElroy,
commissioner) to Mathias Meyer, lot on N U>e
of Army street, 50 E of Dolores, E 25 by N
76:6; $4460.
Berger and Carolina Erlandson to Johan A.
and Amanda Sellman, Frans Oskar Manqults
and Ida C. Mahnqulst, lot on 8 line of Twenty
second street. 100 E of Church, E.25 by S 52;
$600.
Henry S. Martin (single) (formerly Padey)
to AchlUe Paladin!, lot on N line of Chestnut
street, 62:1114 W of Montgomery avenue, W
79:9. N 120, E 34. S 60, E 45:9. S 60; $10.
John J. von Bergen (or Van Bergen) and
Margarethe von Bergen to John Rosenf eld's
Sons (a corporation), lot on NW corner of Clay
and Montgomery streets, W 75, N" 68:9, E 75,
S 75; $10.
Maria C Hooper to Joseph G. Hooper, lot
on N line of Bush street, 206:3 W- of Mont
gomery, W 68:9 by N 137:6; also lot on NE
line of Second street, 123 SE of Harrison, SE
83:2^ by N 130; also lot on SE line of Har
rison street, 100 NE of Second. NE 30 by SE
123; gift.
Lorenzo and "Virginia Scatena to Natall and
Angelo Cereghino. lot on S line of Green street,
81 W of Kearny, W 19 by S 60: $10.
Emily S. Newell to Roy A. Daniels, lot on
N line of Pine street, 112:6 W of Taylor, W
25 by N 75; $10.
John and Catherine Donnelly to> Thomas
Morton, lot on S line of Geary street, 56:6 E
of Leavenworth, E 27 by S 83:6; $10.
Christina H. S. and Emilie W. C. Wltze
mann to Julius R. and Margaret Weber, lot on
SE line of Howard street. 200 NE of Second.
NE 25 by SE 85; $10.
George K. and /Lucie H. Frink to W. A.
Lange. lot on NW line of Perry street, 200
SW of Third. SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
Patrick J. Beirne to Annie Sanders, lot on
S line of Shipley street, 250 W of Fifth, W 25
by S 75; also property outside of county; gift.
William A. -Fleming to Harry A. Russell and
Samuel E. Kearney, lot on NW line of Bryant
street, 323 NE of Eighth. NE 48 by NW 90;
$10.
D. and Lizzie Johansen to Josephine Muller,
lot on W line of Twenty-eighth avenue, 292
N of C street, N 26 by W 120; $200.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
S. Cushing. lot on NE corner of Twenty-ninth
avenue and C street, N 240 by E 120; $— %
Emma F. Friedrich td Solomon Getz, lot on
W line of Eleventh avenue, 175 S of K street.
S 50 by W 120; $10.
SAY SWINDLER
IS A BIGAMIST
x jXE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
13
¦BIRTHS-^MARRIAQES— DEATHS. ,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either, of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
DESMOND— In this city, June 5, 1902, to the
wife of E. P. Desmond, a daughter.
GIENGER — In this city. June 3, 1902, to the
•¦¦¦ wife of Charlea J. Glenger, a son. -
MABBIED. '
ALBERTSON— SAWYER— In this city, _June
6, 1902, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Oliver
V. Albertson of Healdsbure and Jessie H.
Sawyer of San Francisco.
BAINES — PETERS — In this city, June 5, 1902,
by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Herbert G.
Balnes "and Bertha L. H. Peters.
BROWNE— WRIGHT— In this city, June 4,
1902, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, William
F. . Browne of Alameda and Mary Isabelle'
Wright of San Francisco.
FITZGERALD— ROGERS— In this city, March
16, 1902, by Thomas F. Dunn, Jmtice of the
Peace, . John A. Fitzgerald of San Francisco
and Damarls Rogers . of .' San Luis Obispo,
Cal. ¦
LO RENTZ— MARSHALL— In this city, June
4, 1902, by the Rev. J. O. Wahlberg, Ralph
E. Lo Rentz and i Swanhilda C. Marshall,
both of San Francisco. • . : . .
MOHR — BUECHEL — In this city, June 4, 1902,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeliny, Louis P. Mohr
and Lulu Buechel.
REIBENSTEIN— BELAU— In this city, June
4, 1002, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Richard
, R. Reibenstein of Stockton, Cal., and Bertha
Belau .of San Francisco.
WHERLI— DISTELI— In this- city. June 4,
1902, by the Rev. , J. Fuendeling, Arnold
Wehrll and Bertha Distell.
DIED.
Bacigalupl, Michael Flynn, Luke
Bronson, Frank H. Green. Mary E.'
Burns, John J.' Harrell, Mrs^ R. H.
Cassidy, John [ Hendry, Elizabeth
Collins, Mary ' Kennedy, George H.
Corbett, Catherine ¦ ¦ Lubner. John
' Damerell, Beulah L. McGeary, John
Dooly, John AI. Mason, Sarah A.
Duff, Frederick M. Provost, Gustave
Duff. James Schwarz, Louis
Enright, Thomas Serres, George
Feeney, Patrick Sloss, Louis
Flannery, James
BACIGALUPI — In this city, June 4, 1902,
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Henrietta
Bacigalupl,' and father of Adeline, John and
Edmond Bacigalupi, a native of Italy, aged
32 years 10 months and 15 days.
EfFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral services
"to-morrow (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 11 Russell place, off Hyde,
between Green and Union. . N. B. — There
will bo a reauiem mass said for the repose
of his soul, commencing Saturday morning,
at 10 o'clock, at Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian. Church. ~~
BRONSON — In Larkspur, Marln County, June
4, 1902, Frank H.. dearly beloved son of
Lena and Fred Bronson, and brother of Lil-
lian E., Edward L., George W., Bernard L.
and Grace R. Bronson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years 4 months and 12
days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church, Twenty-first and Capp
¦treets. Cremation Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the parlors of A. W. Martin &
Co., 319 O'Farrell street.
BURNS — In this city, June 6, 1902, John Jo-
seph, only and beloved son of Mary and the
late Thomas W. Burns, dearly • beloved
brother of Nellie and Katherine Burns, and
grandson of P. W. and Mary J. Drury, a
native of San Francisco.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 9 o'clock, from his late ' residence, 640
Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
¦ Fillmore street, corner of Fell, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CASSIDY— In this city, • June 5, 1002, John
Cassidy, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
tC7"The funeral- will take place Saturday,
at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew
& English, 29 Van Ness avenue, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencine at 9 o'clck. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS— In thU city, June 5, 1002, Mary,
beloved wife of Jeremiah E. Collins, mother
of Mary and Julia Collins, sister of Mar-
garet and Thomas Leahy, and niece of Mrs.
E. Perry, -a native of County Clare, Ireland,
aged 26 years and 11 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), ' at 0:30 o'clock, from her. late
residence, 70 Stanley place, between First
and Second streets, off Harrison, thence to
St. Brendan's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated . for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cjoe»~Gemetery. ¦ ,-.—,-
CORBETT — In this 1 city, June 4, 1902, Cath-
erine, • beloved wife of the late John Cor-
bett, and dearly beloved mother of John E.
Corbett. a native of County. Kilkenny, Ire-
land, aged 62 years 1 month and 3 days.
(CFriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 515 Castro street, thence to the
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencine at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAMERELL— In Oakland, June 5^ 1902, at
572 Eighteenth street, Beulah Lee Damerell,
daughter of Mrs. R. Damerell, a native of
Missouri, aged 17 years 7 months and 15
days.
DOOLY — In Merced City,' Cal., June 3, 1902,
John M., beloved son of Andrew and Bridget
Dooly, and brother of Frank, Thomas and
Maeeie Dooly, a native of San Francisco,
aged IW years* and 11 months.
. tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2867 Twenty-fifth street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated • for the
repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUFF — In this city, June 4, 1902, Frederick
M. Duff, a native of England, aged 34 years
4 months and 5 days. •
ET-Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's
Union are respectfully invited to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock,
from the funeral parlors of Theodor Dlerks'
057 Mission street, between Fifth and Sixth.
. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DUFF — In this city, June 6, 1902, James Duff
a native of England, aged 01 years.
ENRIGHT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Thomas Enrieht in Holy Cross
Church, Eddy street, between Devisadero
and Scott, to-morrow (Saturday) morning at
9 o'clock. Friends are respectfully invited to
attend.
FEENEY — In this city, June 5, 1902, Patrick
beloved husband of the late Catherine Fee-
ney, and father of Robert, Joseph, Daniel
and the late Mary and Francis Feeney a
native of Connaught, Ireland, aged 72 years
2 months. and 18 days.
E?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday
at 8:30 o'clock, from -the residence of his
. son, Robert Feeney, 222 Twenty-seventh
j street, between Dolores and Church thence
to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLANNERY— In this city, June 4 1902
James, beloved husband of Annie Flannery'
and father of James W. Flannery, a native
of Canada, aged 45 years. \ a nauve
(ETFriends and acquaintances are resneet.
fully invited to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), . at 9:30 o'clock, .from his late
residence, 1430 Golden Gate avenue thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem hisrh
mass will be celebrated , for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets
FLYNN — In this city, June 3, 1902, Luke be
loved husband of the late Rose Flynn ' and
father of Joseph, Mary and Annie Flynn and
the late James Flynn, a native of Ireland
aced 72 year«. : . '
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are resDect
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturdav
June 7. at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
.the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
,'be celebrated for the repose of his soul com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . . ,
GREEN — In Alameda, June 2, 1902, Mary Etta
Green, beloved wife of Charles H. Green,
HENRY J. CALLACHE3 CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher )
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. 1
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. . . Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY. I
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 307. -
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
.Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager tor
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission st., between Seventh
*and Eighth. Telephone South 44. : •,
fuNITED*U?JDER?^SRsl
27.ni 29 Fifth St. .Tel. South M7 1
rmXERAJL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.J
M rinest Equipment at Moderate Rates, a
11EAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY* ST.
I
A CHOICE INVESTMENT.
Will always keep rented, aa it is within an
easy and level walking distance to town. A
CHEAP RESIDENCE.
Flllmore St.. in fine residence location; two-
story bay-window of about 10 rooms and bath.
LOT 32 BY 105.
Street work all done; cars passing; prlo
$10,000.
MARINE VIEW CORNER LOT.
34x137:6; fine corner, near Broadway and
FlUmore st. ; cheap.
3. L. COOKE..26 MontKomery st..J. L. COOKE
San Francisco
...Great Bargains. Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains...-. Special Bargains'
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address* with me
anil I will find you a Bargain.
You wiJI be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. (Saving Union
building), between Montgomery and Kearny —
How to eet a home, if you are paying rent;
only $575 down and easy Installments to suit.
A new residence on sunny side (north side) of
the street. Western Addition, near .Broderick,
fine marlneiview, a few steps from cable cars;
5 rooms, bathroom, butler's pantry, closets;
large unfinished basement, stone pavement,
street bituminizod. choice location; lot 2iix
•107:6; very cheap: only $3175: nice houses
going up all around and everything rented;
key at "office. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st.
ItEXO REAL ESTATE.
R D CRANSTON & SONS. "
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno,
Nev. One of the moit progressive and prom-
ising cities cf the West. Each lot has a
frontage of 50 feet and an average depth of
140 feet. The best opportunity ever offered
for small Investments. A chance to double
your money in one year. Andrew Carnegie
has recently piven Reno a free library to
cost $15,000. and by an act of Congress a
public buildlnjr and a new courthouse are to
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad Com-
pany's new shops are also poing to Reno.
Lots erolng like hot cakes. Get yours now.
For further particulars apply to
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery st.
RK4L ESTATE — COUXTItY — For Sale
1— FOR SALE NEAR~SAN~FRANCIScb— —
Small tracts, SCO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. : future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Min-
ing Co., 713 Market, r. 4CC; tel. James 4121.
Write Wells, Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND bargains ; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, C34 Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mineg. EMMONS & SON. Mills bidg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5000 — FOR sale; near Haywards. 10-acre fruit
farm, modern improvements; would exchange
for improved residence property and some
money, in Son Francisco or Oakland. Owner,
2928 Sixteenth St.. San Francisco.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
- c _ ity °_y_ _ ttl _ CHMO - vp - . .
OFFICIAL map of the City of Richmond mailed
free. RICHMOND LAND CO.. Inc., room
182, Crocker bui'f''"'' Pnn Francisco.
ALAMEDA Ai-UutiibEMENTS.
ALA MED A RR41, ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sale.
See the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever of-
fered in Alameda; fine home; 8 rooms
and bath; lot 62x150; between Chestnut
and Morton-st. stations; a snap.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCH, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 6 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; sun
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees; fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 50
per month by the year. S. H. ROBERTS,
Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED bouses, one 5 rooms, one! 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades: suitable for hotel pur-
poses: sunny; to rent by the season or year
or for sale. S. H. ROBERTS. Mill Valley,
Cal.
$1200— HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees,
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to depot; sun all day; bargain. S.
H. ROBERTS. Real Estate. Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
REAL ESTATE.
$4750— NO. 15 !Acc£iUTRK^STil£^f^~^^^'
House of 8 rooms and bath, finished in the
latest Colonial and curly redwood finish : high
paneled dining-room, sideboards, nickel and
open plumbing, in fact, an ideal home and
an Ideal spot; McCTure street Is Blackstonc
Hill, elevated and sightly; all residences in
this location ranging In price from $10,000 to
$30,000; property taken under foreclosure;
terms only $1000 cath; first come, first
served. J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oak-
lajid. Cal.
$1750 — COST OF LOT ONLY.
Improvements given away; present income
$15 rer month; 2 houses of S rotfms each, in
good order and only 2 blocks from the local
train; near business center; owner In desti-
tute circumstances and must sell at once
for the best offer received; seeing is believ-
ing. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway Qak-
land. Cal.
$4700— COR. TWENTIETH AND* WEBSTER.
An ideal Colonial, 7 rooms and bath; th«
very latest in everything: large 'lot; 6 new
houses cold in this location and only this one
left; terms $1000 cash; price Is at least $1000
below the present market value on account
of raise in material and ijnund. J. S MY-
ERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$2250 — A NEW Swiss Colonial 6-room house;
open plumbing; an ideal home; first-class
neighborhood; convenient in every way; terms
$50U cash; it is a beauty and dirt cheap J
S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
O A li-L J??J}^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
BCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
• DIVIDEXD^JVOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Company)
room 16. second fioor. Mills building, San
Francisco, June 4, 1902^ — Dividend No. ' 201,
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company will bo
payable at the office of said company, room
16, second floor, Mills building, on June 16,
1902. Transfer books will close on June 0
1902 at 3 o'clock p. m.
EDWARD McG^-RY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON. — A dividend. No. 42, of
fifty cents <50c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-204-20C Hayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1902. Transfer books close
June 3. at noon. .
J. R, LEAVELL, »5^Tetary.
MOXET TO LOAJf.
BEUMAN~l[RuiFirvC^r-«bT~Exa1n7neT~bidT
$4.5UO,000 at less than bank rates
T LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Lile interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests in -eal estate
Estates in probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
.. Financial problems of all sorts and ei2ei..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
fiOl-002 Examiner bu'/.dlng ¦
A — R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On fir^t mortgages.
On ffcond mortgages.
On third mortpapes.
On undivided int-rests in real estate.
Cn •states in probate.
On legacies
NO DELAY
Telephone Main P516.
R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
*- A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
fr'.CP.COO at SMs and <i per cent in sums to suit;
City. Oakland. Town and Country Property:
c<cond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties: loans on unsrttled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CP.OCKER BUILDING.
ANY preposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
second and third mortcapes. estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interest?, corporation loans. Room 16,
l*t floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Fafe Deposit bide., 32S Montgomery et..
V.'ill make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Lons cr fhort term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtatr.
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
, lowest rates Baldwin Jewelry Store. S40
Market Bt. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary Et. ; phone Red 1C03.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgage* and on
furniture or piano* : no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st . room 30.
$10 TO J100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake 453 Parrott b!g.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate: poods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
E. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bids.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; eaey terms: no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bidg; loans on pisjios.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bidg.. 301 Jones.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up cn pianos, furn.,
without removal: cocflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
etrlctly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
8% ON furniture & pianos: $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
f 1000: any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. C09 Examiner bidg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plir. W^t»m I.-an Co.. 309 Phelan bigg.
OFFICES A Mi STOKES TO LET.
CORNER etore; fixtures complete; stone base-
mer.t. Apply S3S9 Twenty-second st.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts. ; below Kearny st. C30 Clay St., room L
DESK room and desk in large sunny front
office. UIC, Market st.. room C9.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
A TRUSTWORTHY house for~paperingr "and
t:r.t:r.g. Hartman Taint Co.. 319 Third st.
PHYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no oji<ration; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dr». Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
£>H. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
ItClVa Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cat2ra.rt£ cur«d by &b£orptio2i ; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073V4 Market.
PERSONALS.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR. G S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 3.I2 O'Farrell St., S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. SI weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
el., between Seventh and Eighth.
EPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
ft week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
thirtwaists. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur new *tore. c. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. neac Market; 700 rooms.
25c to ?1 50 per night; $1 50 to $0 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from th«» ferry.
FP.EE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUXEE GOU-
LET. Sacramento. Cal.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
ON and after June 5, 1902, I will not be re-
sponsible for any debts contracted by my
wife. HELEN CLEU. PAUL E. CLEU.
MADAME PONO — Scientific character read-
ing: hours. 10 to 12 a. m., I to 4 and 7 to 8
p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 12 a.m. 239 Powell, r. 14.
HOME treatment for mothers and daughters,
booklet free. The. VIAVI CO., 2304-6-S Van
Ness ave.. San Francisco; phone East 282.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine, and all drug dls-
«-a£.es positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.; 1S39 Polk St., S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
or double. (2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st,, S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-'
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S, Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post,
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome «t.. S. F.
ICOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
XV. EVANS, 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market >t.
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
«t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
LIQUOR habit — A new. safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
drees P. O. box 552. San Jose, Cal.
MY hairdresMng is acknowledged to be the
very best: 25c for any style. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
el&ctric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora bats, f 1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. *10; drees pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgoroery^st.
JUST the books you're looking for; send post-
age for catalogue. Box 373. Montreal, Can.
PRIVATE detective wcrk; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook,426 Butter.
RUPTURE cured: no operation. Dain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26V4 Kearny.
TAILOP.-MADE nults. $7 00; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothir^ Vrlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC *H,£.\b' ppecialtet; superfluous hair
and mole fieEtroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brigg* — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 171S Buchanan; tel. West 253.
Masquerade co£tum»« at H. Anderson's, theat-
rlcal cottumer. 20 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm.fctc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.TraverBe.mOMarket
ALKKEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; JOo and 25c. All drugKists.
Masquerade costumw, play books, wins;
country ordere. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
Sir. lamottes French corn paint. the
*m corn cure. 25c; all drucgists.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; # near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
cuna sts. .' : ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave., 512— Large sunny front
suite for housekeeping; also other rooms.
HYDE. 40S — Sunny front alcove suite complete
housekpg.. $18; also other euite & large room.
MASON. 501 — Sunny suite of housekeeping
rooms, $14. , . .
OAK, 117 — Sunny newly furnished suites, sink,
gas range, bath, laundry; phone; adults.
SUTTER, 313 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12. .
TURK. 1291— Large unfurnished double par-
lors, small room adjoining, gas range; suit-
able for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla Et. . -'
ROOMS TO LET — Fan. and Dnforn.
"ANGELUS..: Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view.
530 Stockton st., bet Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny: 75e day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, liU Sixth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week cr month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
EURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH,. 3940 — Sunny furnished front.
• room; Drivate family.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 3Ro,
$1 00 night; .$1' 50, 5(5 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 538 — Nice large room for housekeeping;
also front single room, $6.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms ?5c to
$1 CO night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HOWARD, S70 — Large sunny front room;. rent
S6. ¦¦-..¦ .
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed room $5 per month.
LARGE well furnished room suitable for two
and small one; Mason st.. near Bush; private
family. Box 258, Call office. .
LARKIN, S19M> — Large sunny room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; gas, bath and phone; $12
per month.
MINNA. 541 — 2 rooms: suitable for 3 gentle-
men; bath; gas; call morning or evening;
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 129A, n?. Orpheum — Large sunny
front room; also inside rooms; very reason-
able.
O'FARRELL. 224 — Elegantly furnished Sunny
] suite on first floor; also other rooms.
I POST, 980— Sunny front room; private family;
gentleman or young lady employed during
day; modern and nice; references.
' RINCON place, 28, off Harrison — 2 sunny fur-
nished front rooms, with use of kitchen, for
man and wife or 2 gentlemen; view of bay.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, fS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny suite,
$15; others, $10. $8, $6; also housekeeping. ¦
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. 42S — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
lower floor. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
TiSE~!2c"AlXi&nfiR7*6oT^
opened; elesantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CORBIN. The, 836 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBODRNE, 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy St.— Select family hotel;
except Jonal table; popular prices. .
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suite?; single rooms; first-class table hpard.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. I^EERGAArd" reads "Tto^i. 700
Poet St.. corner ot Jones: phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post:tel. Black 561.
SEWING .MACHINES) AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing
lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. B71.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^^
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.,200 Sanscme.
TYPEWRITING i'Jb^MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio: copies. 2c;mlm-
eographlnK. 027 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
VITAOPATHY. —
I SUFFERED from rheumatism for a month
unable to move myself without help; with one
treatment of Vitaopathy under Prof. Ivan
McLaughlin, 1104 Market st., I was able to
walk about my room; second treatment, same
day, I walked twelve blocks. I am .satisfied
that Vitaopathy did It. Wednesdays free
treatment., JACOB KIEFFER,
Hotel Vendome.
PROPOSALS. ~"~
BIDS wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320'Sansome st
. San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m '
• SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence or bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Caj. (railroadsta-
tion Yountville), for slit months, commencing
July 1. 1902, and ending December 31 1902
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules. and no bid will be considered unless it is'
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
, banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Addrets J. J. SCOVILKE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
• fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following, marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Thomas L. Campbell, 30, 409 Turk street
and Loie M. Singletary, 35, 7U0-,Cole street
Frank Duncan, 27. Hopland, and Elizabeth
Clendenln, 21. 193iM(, McAllister street. 1 ¦
Joseph Keefe, 22, J415 Baker street, and
May O'Brien, 20, 2034 Lombard street. ,
Birt F. Kaufman, 29, 851 Valencia street
and Mary Martin, 23, Oakland. . '<
John J. Burns, 27, 342 Cumberland street
and Aimee Duconsell, 21, 732% Green street
Giovanni Depaoli, 33, 110 GIrard street and
Mary Fieoni, 23, '329 Broadway. .
Hans C. Frost, 32, 1634 Howard street, and
Tillle Mogensen, 18, 1714 Howard street.
McClure Cowan, 50, city, and Lois O.
Thompson, 45, city. . ' . '
Edward M. Bixby, 21, city, and Mary Tip-
pett, 21, city. . '
John O'Brien. 22, 23^ Silver street, and
Annie Sweeney, 23, 1334 Sanchez street.
Jean M. Sabarros, 35, 1307 Stockton' street
and Rosie Reilly, 2<i. 816 Hyde stre«t.
Robert E. Regrnart, 25, Cupertino, and Jessie
A. Reenart, 25, Cupertino. :< . . • -
Alfred Tast, 24, Bear Harbor, and Mollic
Betzold, 25, Redwood City. •
Robert M. Fish, . 28, city, and Mary K.
Walsh, 2S, city.
David A. Cutting,, 23, city, and Clara G.
Herzoc 27. San Matco.
Reduced
$10^5 per ton.
For Sale by All Reliable Dealers
COAL
WELLINGTON
GENUINE
E7"Funeral train to Home of Peace Ceme-
tery from Third and Townsend streets at
2:50 o'clock Friday, May 6. Services at
the chapel.
OFFICERS and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society: You are respectfully
requested to attend the funeral of our late
member, Louis- Sloss, from Third and Town-
send streets, at 2:50 o'clock to-day. By
order S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, June 7, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 353 Head street. South ¦ San
Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
SLOSS — In San Rafael, June 4, 1902, Louis
Sloss, husband of Sarah Sloss, and father of
1 Leon, Louis Jr., Joseph and Judge M. C.
Sloss and Mrs. E. R. Lllienthal, aged 78
years 10 months and 13 days. !
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1031 Montgomery avenue, between
Chestnut and Francisco streets. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
EERRES — In this city, June 5, 1902, George
Serres, son of Mrs. Bermande Serres and the
• late Louis Serres, and brother of Louis
Serres Jr., a native of California, aged 24
years. -
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
¦ at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, 1816
Woolsey street, Lorin station, Berkeley. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, - Oakland.
SCHWARZ— In this city, June 4, 1902, Louis,
dearly beloved husband of Nellie Schwarz,
loving son of Charles and the late Louise
Schwarz, and beloved brother of William
and Otto Schwarz, a native of California,
aged 28 years 8 months and 14. days.
IH7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 4 o'clock, at the chapel
of the crematory at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PROVOST— In Lorln, Berkeley, June 3, 1002,
Gustave, beloved husband ' of Irma Provost,
and father of Cecelia, Adeline and -Jules
Provost, a native of France, aged 60 years
and 9 days. '¦
ETThe funeral will take place Friday,
June 0, from her late residence, 3234 Central
avenue, Alameda, at 11 o'clock. Funeral
private. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery. .
HARRELL— In this city, June 4, 1902, Mrs.
i R. H. Harreli; aged 89 years. .
C?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ! to attend the funeral services
Saturday,--. June 7. 1902. at 1 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
HENDRY— In Oakland, June 8, 1002, Eliza-,
beth, daughter of Joseph Hendry, and sister
- of Mary. Annie and Joseph Hendry, a na-
tive of Jersey City, N. J., aged 32 years.
. E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral servicea
to-morrow (Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late home, 117 Telegraph avenue," Oakland.
Interment strictly orivate.
KENNEDY — In this- city, June 5, 1902,
George H. Kennedy, beloved son of C. W.'
Kennedy of Lakevlew, Or., and brother of
James Kennedy of Gold Beach. Or., Mm.
Edith Edwards and Mrs. May Crawford of
Oakland, Mrs. Lily Marcy of San Francisco,
Mrs. Anita Simpson of N*V York City and
Mrs. Maggie Margrle of Juneau. Alaska, a
native of California, aged 36 years . and 8
months. " '•
LUBNER — In this city, June 5, 1902, John, be-
. loved husband of Nora A. Lubner, father of
Mary G.. Nora Madeline and Gertrude Lub-
ner, aged 40 years. A member of Court Inter
Nos No. 18. F. of A., and Longshore Lum-
bermen, Local No. 224, of San Francisco.
McGEARY— In this city, June 4, 1002, .John,'
beloved husband of Hannah McGeary, a na-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 72
years.
(E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from his late residence, 1175 Mission
street, between Seventh' and Eighth, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a eolemn re-
quiem hlch mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencine at 10 o'clock.
Interment. Holy Cross Cemetery.
MASON— In this city, June 4, 1902, Sarah A..
wife of the late Dr. J. H. Mason, daughter
of the late Deacon C. B. Cooley, and mother
of Mrs. C. W. Elliot and C. E. Convls, aged
74 years 5 months and 10 days. (Sacra-
mento and Battle Creek papers please copy.)
and mother of Albert D. Green, • a native of
New York, aged 40 years 2 months and 20
days. "¦'¦.¦¦' -. . •¦ A number of residents and property
owners in the" Lakeview district appeared
•before the Supervisors' Light Committee
yesterday to urge that lights fce provided
in the. district. P. .M., Clarkson. one of
the petitioners, agreed to furnish a dia
gram of the lights needed and action will
then be taken. • . . . '
Want Lights in Lakeview.
A fipr-cial meeting of the committee ap
pointed to arrange for the annual outing
ot St. Charles parish, which is to be held
at Glenwood Park In the Santa Cruz
Mountains June 11, took place at the res
idence of R«v. Father James McDonald
on. Monday evening. J. J. Jordan presid
ed ar.d Colonel D. J. McGloin acted a«
secretary. . Mrs. M. McAIeer of the music
committee reported that the services ol a
flne band had been secured for the occa
sion and that the programme of dances
had been completed. Thomas Dougherty
chairman of the committee on games re
ported that many prizes had been already
soured and that many more were prom
ised.- • - ¦¦•¦ •
St. Charles Parish Outing.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday reversed the decision of
United States District Judge Noyes in the
case of the United States against Haw
kins. Hawkins was convicted of robberv
with Thomas Dolan and George Allen.
The reversal is on the ground that Judge
Ncyes permitted a citizen to .act as a
juror who had expressed an opinion in the
case. The conviction of Allen was set
aside" several months ago by the . United
States Circuit Court of Appeals because
cf blunders committed by Noyes during
the trial. /¦ . . :• rv .
Another Serious Blunder by' Noyes.
• The Supreme ( Court handed: down a de
.clsion yesterday affirming the judgment
of. the lower court, which declared in fa
vor of Emily r B. Hopkins In the suit
brought by Edson Adams and carried on
since his death ? by his. heirs for a parti
tion of the land around Lake Merritt, in
Alameda- County, known as the Sobrante.
Juan Jose and -Victor Castro secured a
grant for the 'land -in 1841. 'The present
suit was instituted in 1883. The questions
at" issue . were about twenty In number,
and nearly iif ty lawyers are at present in
terested in the case. .. .
Sobrante Case Is Decided.
Mr. Mihran has been selling out at auc
tion his renowned collection of rare an
tique Persian rugs and all who attended
anci bought are rejoicing at their bargains
without precedent. Reduction sales have
special- attractions to the public, but at
this auction greater bargains are being
secured, for Mr. Mihran really means to
sell to raise cash prior, to departure.
To-day and to-morrow "will see the last
of this clearance auction, when the choic
est pieces will' be offered. Sale is abso
lutely without reserve at 2:30 p. m. at 322
Post street, nejir PowelU Special evening
sale Saturday at 8 o'clock. •,
Persian Rug Auction.'
. The .purpose of "the coming excursion is
to' raise funds for the benefit of the Vete
ran*Flremen!s ;fund. A large number of
charities are dependent upon the fund,
and the directors . earnestly solicit aid
irom all those* who 'are interested in the
welfare of : the -worthy .work. £ A splendid
programme of games and dances has been
arranged ..and; almost enjoyable time is
promised "all.,- those- who attend. Special
-boats ?. will leave Tiburon ferry at 10 and
11:30 a.. m.. and 1 p. m':, returning from the
park at 3:25, 4:45 and 6:15 p. m.
I The Veteran .Firemen's Association of
San Francisco will give' a grand picnic
and outing at^ Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafaei.'.on: Sunday, June 8. The associa
tion at present comprises about 200 mem
bers, and'all will attend in ; a body. The
old '.¦.veterans', are .working . hard for the
success of. the .picnic, and from indications
it promises to be a most successful affair.
Members Will Gather at Schuetzen
Park Next Sunday and Make
Merry.^
Dr. S. B. Carpenter, residing at 2101
Devisadero street, started in to do some
repairing on his automobile yesterday
morning and in some strange manner the
gasoline tank of the machine exploded.
The shed in which the machine was kept
caught fire and some adjoining buildings
>\ere badly damaged by fire. An alarm
was turned in and the blaze was quickly
sr.bdued. The damage amounted to $500
Dr. Carpenter's right hand was badly
burned.
An automobile explosion is the newest
in catastrophes, and It played havoc out
in the Western Addition yesterday morn
ing, disturbing the peace and quiet of this
otherwise placid district. • . .
Horseless Carriage and
Trouble Follows.
Dr. Carpenter Tries to Rspair His
AUTO EXPLODES AND
CREATES EXCITEMENT
Supervisors' Fire Committee Refers
Petition of Spring Valley Com
pany to Park Commission.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yester
day heard the petition of the Spring Val
ley Water Company for permission to
erect a water tower on Lafayette Square
to clve a better water supply to Presidio
and Pacific Heights. Chief Engineer
Sehussler said that the company is will
ing to construct an ornamental steel
tower in place of the old wooden tank
now located on the square, provided the
permit be granted for a reasonable period.
Park Commissioners Sullivan and Mc-
Donald held that the Park Commission
alone had jurisdiction in the matter and
opposed building anything on park prop
erty. McDonald said a site could be ob
tained one block away, but Sehussler
said there was no other available place as
high as Lafayette Square. He offered to
build the tower for the Park Commission
and give water to the park. Sullivan ac
cepted this proposition, saying the com
mission would maintain the tower as a
public monument. H. J. Crocker said the
district needed more water and Fire Com
missioner Hecht said It would certainly
have a better pressure. S. W. Holliday
Erotested against the present tank and
eld that the water company should fur
nish its own. site. The matter was then
referred to the Park Commission for ac
tion.
MONEY SET ASIDE FOR .
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS
If Assessment Roll Reaches $420,
000,000, Much Work Will
Be Done by City.
Cyril "Williams, expert to the Finance
Committee, prepared a statement yester
day showing the amounts devoted to pub
lic improvements and repairs. The state
ment shows tflat $81,500 was set aside for
bnUdings, $260,152 for new work on streets
and sewers; $45,000 for laying wires under
ground- $155,000 for repairs of streets and
sewers, making a grand total of $553,432.
This amount is based on a probable as
sessment roll of $420,000,000, though Asses
sor Dodge informed • the board that it
would not exceed $410,000,000.
Final Transfer of Street Roads.
Four!-deeds were placed on record yes
terday covering the final transfer to the
United Railroads of San Francisco of the
Market-street, Sutter-street, Sutro and
dan Mateo railways. The property trans
ferred includes roadbed, tolling stock,
franchises and real estate of the four, cor
porations. No consideration is mentioned
in the deeds, which are in the nature of
grants to the new corporation.
Musical Society's Picnic.
The McKenzie Musical Society will give
its fourth, family bay excursion on Sun
day, June 15. The steamer Caroline has
been chartered for:. the occasion. The trip
will be made to all points of interest, and
the party will . land at El . Campo for
luncheon. ....•••
The office of -the San Francisco News
Letter and the : Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. . . , •
MAY BUILD WATER TOWER
ON LAFAYETTE SQUARE
1 Longshoreman Leubner Killed.
John l>-ubr.er, a longshoreman residing
at' 3 Simpson street, died in St. Joseph's
Hospital at 2:50 o'clock yesterday morn
ing from injuries received last Monday
rriom'.rig in a lumber yard at the intersec
tion of Brannan and Beale street. While
removing some boards a stack of lumber
gavt way and fell upon him. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hospital
and afterward to St. Joseph's Hospital.
Leubner was a native of Germany, 40
years of age.
Since her release Mrs. Ryan has gone
back to her old habits snd while intoxi
cated has visited the County Clerk's of
flce, where she threatened to prosecute
those who had adjudged her insane.
Mrs. Ryan was addicted to the' use of
intoxicants. When she was released from
the asylum she was restored to capacity
by Judge Troutt. Previous to her com
mitment a spirited contest for letters of
guardianship over the person of Mrs.
Ryan was waged by Mrs. Kate Petta«
and Mrs. K. JL. Morris, the contest result
ing in a victory for Mrs. Pettee.
Mrs. Catherine Ryan, who is under ar
rest in New York on a charge of having
robbed a former San Francisco . baker
named O. C. Keersgood of $270 while thoy
were en route from this city to New Yortt
on the steamer Leelanaw, was formerly
an inmate of the asylum for the insane
at Nji pa, to which institution she was
committed in July of last year. ! She was
discharged as cured last February.
Keersgood Was.Once Inmate of
Napa ASylum.
Woman AccuseoVbf Robbing Otto C.
DRINK WEAKENS MIND
OF MRS. CATHERINE RYAN
Detectives have been detailed on the
case, but as yet have not been able to
land the burglar. The "ladlos are now
looked upon a« heroines by their friends,
but they bear their honors" modestly.
Mrs. Walters and Miss Clark bravely
ttfok up the chase, but the intruder had
made his escape. Mr. Gaines then learned
the cause of the trouble from the two
ladies, who stood behind their door. An
examination of the overcoat revealed the
plunder that the crook Intended taking
with him. No clew to his Identity was
found. Gaines turned the coat over to
Officer Wilson and the last named report
ed the matter to Captain Martin.
The burglar struggled to escape and the
ladles clung to the skirts of his overcoat.
Their cries awakened Terry "McGovern"
Gaincs an Olympic Club athlete. Galnes
jumped out of bed and donned a dress
ing-gown. He grasped his revolver
and valiantly set qut for the rescue. Be
fore he reached the scene, however, the
bold, bad burglar had slipped out of his
overcoat and the ladies sat down with
force enough to rattle their back teeth.
GAINES TO THE RESCUE.
Mrs. Walters and her companion did not
yell^out, "There's a man in the room,"
but they did attempt to lock the door in
the hope of capturing the intruder. Both
Jumped out of bed and grappled with
the burglar. He struggled and- they
screamed. The more he struggled the
louder the ladies yelled, until the peace
ful hotel resounded with their cries.
Mrs. Walters could not see any one in
the darkness, but she had a presentiment
that there was a man in the room. She
nudged Miss Mae Clark, who was sleep
ing at her side, and whispered her sus
picions to her. Both sat up in bed and
peered through the darkness. The bur
glar could not hold his breath for fear
of being asphyxiated. He gasped for air
and was discovered.
The door of Mrs. Walters' apartment
opened and the burglar * cautiously en
tered. He heard the occupants breathing
and made no noise. The burglar had not
been in the room two minutes when he
discovered that it was a room occupied
by lad'es. i
While moving round the room, picking
up souvenirs of his visit, his foot, caught
in a "ping pong" net and he tripped up.
The noise awakened the sleepers. The
burglar stopped breathing.
BTJRGLAR ENTERS.
it was 3 o'clock last Saturday morning.
The rain beat down incessantly, and a.l
but milkmen tind policemen were indoors.
Quiet reigned in the Klite Hotel at 441
Geary street.
A lone man bundled in a light overcoat
Fiiuseci before the house. He glanced at
the abode and saw the door mvitlngiy
open. He wore rubber shoes to keep nis
feet dry. Noiselessly he climbed the car
peted stairs' and walked along the hall
way. With deft hand he tried the knobs
and at last success crowned his efforts.
Comedians may win smiles by telling
of- the lone female who awakens in the
night and finds a member of the sterner
sex in her apartments, but they must
hereafter hold their peace, for two mem
bers of the fair sex gave evidence a few
'mornings ago of possessing courage
enough to give battle to an invader.
At San Francisco -the party will be
housed at the Graystone Hotel, which
will be the Kansas Gity headquarters. •
VETERAN FIREMEN TO
HOLD GRAND OUTING
The members of Ararat Temple will
travel in all the splendor of royalty. A
foice of men was busily nt work all day
preparing the special train. It consists
cf six Pullman cars and a com
missary- car.- It is fitted with all modern
conveniences, -including- a telephone sys
tem and a piano in the parlor car. The
train will, be transferred to the Colorado
Midlarir at 'Pueblo for the daylight run
through Colorado. From Grand Junction,
Colo., the ride will be over the Rfo Grande
system and the Southern Pacific, arriv
ing in San Francisco at* 7:30 a. m., June 9.
I The start from Shriners' Hall, at Four
teenth street and Grand avenue, was
made at' 4 o'clock this", afternoon. Tally
hos carried the ladies and the Shriners
walked; attired in all their glory, includ
ing the red fez, and headed* by, the Syrian
band and the Arab patrol.. -,' .
KANSAS CITY, June 5.— The Kansas
City delegation of Shriners left on a spe
cial train over the Rock Island at 6:30
o'clock this, evening., There, were 175 in
the party, including several Shriners from
.>oplin, Mo. Ethelbert P. Allen of Kansas
City, past imperial potentate, of the Im
perial Council, and Frederick E. Turner,
potentate, of Ararat Temple, are on the
train. ¦• '. ¦.
Shriners Leave Kansas City on a
Special Train.
COMING IN ROYAL SPLENDOR.
Mrs. Walters and Miss
Mae Clark Grapple
"With Intruder.
After conference of president . of commercial
bodies here I am .instructed to say .-.. Pacific
Coast wants Isthmian canal. . ¦•• Reeret question
should arise regarding- route. - ; Commercial
bodies of this city always advocated Nicaragua
route. Refer the'matter to pur. Senators and
Representatives, whoare thoroughly conversant,
with the subject. ', ,' ..¦'.:•'
As a member of '.'the- Isthmian Canal. Com
mittee of the Senate; I am d « c » dedl t y h )n 1I^°, r
of the Panama route,' which has the unai.i
mous support of the commission appointed l>>
the President and as a. business propositUm _ la
the route we should choose. I wish you would
wire your Senators^ h-ere- to > Join with me-, Jn
securing the passage ot that bill. They seem
to be In doubt as to', the sentiment in Cali
fornia and are amons the very few Republican
Senators who have not. announced in favor ol
the Panama' ruute. You can trust my JutU,
ment in this matter. Please show this to Mr.
McNear, Sbarboro and , A. -A. . Watklns - and
advise me, - " ' ¦ . ; •
President Newhall sent the following
telegram in reply yesterday: . .. •
Tho following telegram was received by
President Newhall of the Chamber; of
Commerce from Senator Hanna on Mon
day: .,.?;" ¦;'-';' :', .' . -¦; .'..
Route for the Isthmian
Canal Is Denied.
Request for Support for Panama
COMMERCIAL MEN REJECT .
. SENATOR HANNA'S SCHEME
DENVER, Colo., , June ' o:—A.. special to
the News from Glenwood Springs say.v a
broken truck under the tender of the en
gine pulling the second section ' of :. the
Accident to One Special.
FORTY members of the Loring
Club have been engaged to take
part in the exercises at the open
ing ceremonies of the Imperial
Council of Mystic Shriners in
Golden Gate Hall on Tuesday next. This
well known association of singers will
render a number of selections. .•
The route of the parade was announced
yesterday. The formation will be ¦ at the
Palace Hotel, where the imperial officers
will be received with solemn ceremony.
The procession will move across Market
street to Montgomery, along the latter
thoroughfare to California, thence to
Kearny, thence to Sutter and to Golden
Gate Hall.
A number of Shriners who* are travel
ing toward the oasis of San Francisco on
their own account will arrive here. before
Sunday to avoid the crush. " Some pre
sented themselves yesterday at the head
quarters of Islam Temple in The Call
Annex and were cordially received by all
the officials and were given such informa
tion as they desired.- . . • , <
The features of. the night parade, will be
n.ade magnificent by the. use of numerous
calcium lights, and several thousand dol
lars will be spent in colored 1 fire.
Every San Francisco Shriner is now
fully awake 'to the importance of the
events of next, week, and every one is
making arrangements to put aside busi
ness and employment, so as to be able to
take part in all of the many events ar
ranged. . ' ' --r' ' •'
It is announced Ihat L,os Angeles day at
the Palace by the temple of that city will
bo one that no Shriner will ever forget,
for the people from the southland propose
to give their Eastern f raters an evidence
of Southern California hospitality. . . -.,y
Shriners' special on the Denver and Rio
Grande nearly caused the wrecking of
the train in the Grand Canyon, seventy
miles east of Glenwood Springs this even
ing. The train was brought to an abrupt
stop, but as it was running slowly at the
time no damage was done except the se
vere shaking up of the passengers. The
baggageman was bruised a little by fly
ing baggage In his. car.
CATCH BURGLAR
IN THEIR ROOM
Board of Fire Commissioners Places
Captain John J. Jdahoney on
the Retired List.
At a meeting of the Board of Fire Pen
sion Fund Commissioners Wednesday
afternoon Hoseman James Francks of en
gine 21 and John J. Mahoney, captain of
engine 3. were retired on an annual pen
sion. - -
Captain Mahoney has been a member of
the Fire Department for thirty-six years
and during the entire time has been a
member of engine 5. He has a brilliant
record for faithful service. Francks was
Injured seme months ago while taking
part in a water tower drill at Seventeenth
and Harrison streets.
SERVES MTJNICIP/'
FOR THIRTY YEARS
The first decided break in the ranks of
the suspended carpenters' unions for re
instatement in the brotherhood wa3 taken
last night by twenty members of union
423, when they signed a call for a meeting
to be held to-morrow evening for the pur
pose of making formal application to the
brotherhood for reinstatement.
This was one of the unions which held
cut against union 4S3 in its tight against
the Building Trades Council, and for cer
tain acts it was suspended by the united
brotherhood. Since that time many of
the men have lost considerable time in
the boycott against the brotherhood
anions and great dissatisfaction thereat
was expressed. In view of recent devel
opments the union members
that their best Interests would be sub
served by remaining with the brother
hood and the action stated was deter
mined upon. It is likely that the union
will be granted a new charter by the
brotherhood.
The Bulldinz Trades Council met last
night in B'nai B'rith Hall with an unu
sually large attendance. The carpenters'
troubles were discussed at length and the
reports received tended to show that the
attitude of the council towards the
brotherhood unions was indorsed by the
master builders as well as the mill men.
Affiliated unions reported their willing
ness to stand by the council in Its fight
to the bitter end, the proposition being
ihat the working card of the council
alone should be recognized by union men
and employers of union mechanics. Dur
ing the peace -which will prevail till the
end of the month both, sides to the con
troversy are doing considerable prose
lytizing and the result will be watched
by all Interested with deep concern.
Captain A. H. Payson, vice president of
the Santa Fe Railway Company, appeared
yesterday before the Supervisors' Street
Committee and stated that he was not
prepared to say what action would be
taken regarding the proposition of the
board that the company defray the entire
cost of building a drawbridge across
Channel street at the foot of Third.
Chairman Curtis of the committee stated
that the board believed, in view of the
fact that the corporation had. been grant
ed immense privileges in the Potrero dis
trict relative to grade changes and rights
of way, it should pay lor the bridge.
Captain Payson said the bridge would
cost $70,000, and, while he was impressed
with the arguments, he would have to
consult with the directors of the com
pany before giving an answer. Payson
said he would appear next Monday before
the board and state would the company
would do in the premises.
The committee reported against the
petition of H. K. Hedges f6r permission
to construct overhead wires for telephone
and messenger service.
Joseph Scheerer was granted an exten
sion of ninety days to remove obstruc
tions from Channel street.
Sullivan Bros, were granted permission
io blast on a lot on the north side of
Ellis street, between Hyde and Leaven
worth streets. Zl ',' m
The -petitions of the Southern Pacific
Company for a franchise to operate a
"cut-off" line from Sunnyside avenue to
Sixth street went over pending the report
of the City Engineer on the proposed
grade changes, route and method of
proper construction of the road.
The applications of the United Railways
and the California and Union street lines
for street railway franchises were post
poned one week.
Dennis Kearney sent a communication
to the Board of Supervisors yesterday re
questing that body to invite the directors
of the United Railways to explain an al
leged juggling of the figures on the capi
talization of the stock of the corporation.
Kearney says the bonded indebtedness
proposed by the company and to be acted
upon by the stockholders will be $3o,2.»,000
in 4 per cent twenty-five-year gold bonds.
There is to be reserved for liens $14,9ol.00O,
less $4,725,000, to be discharged by opera
tion of sinking funds under existing mort
gage of J9.S66.C00; re.served for better
ments, $5,409,000: outstanding $20,000,000.
Suspended Carpenters
Anxious to Rejoin
Brotherhood.
Street Committee Calls
on Santa Fe Road
to Pay Cost.
WANTS COMPANY
TO BUILD BRIDGE
BOLTERS WANT
NEW CHARTER
District Attorney Byington is inclined
to the belief__that Conway is at sea. The
fact that on. Tuesday at noon he was
informed that Conway would not appear
in court at 2 o'clock Is regarded by him
as proof that some one had knowledge
of Conway's movements and plans. The
statement that Conway was seen at
midnight on Monday is now believed by
the dftectives to have been' made by a
friends of Conway for the purpose of
throwing the officers off- his track. Nev
ertheless the police have wired Portland,
Reno and Ix>s Angeles to keep a lookout
for the missing clerk, and if he appears
at any of the points named his arrest is
almost sure to follow.
Chief of Detectives Martin said yester
day that he had searched the city dili
gently for some trace of Conway, but
without success. He is now convinced
that Conway is at sea. His suspicion
was verified by a statement made to him
to the effect that Conway was seen in the
vicinity of the transport dock on Mon
day morning, and that the opinion pre
vailed on the front that Conway waa
smuggled aboard the transport Buford
before she went into the stream. Con
way was a politician, with many friends
on the front, who would go to any
lengths to get him out of difficulty; so
that it is not improbable that he was as
sisted to a berth in the Buford or some
other vessel sailing for a foreign port.
MAY BE AT SEA.
It will be two weeks before the work
of the expert on Conway's books will be
completed, so that it is Impossible at
this time to state even approximately
the amuont of his defalcation. The fact
that he appropriated fines to his^ own
use was not discovered until yesterday,
so that his field of operations was greatly
enlarged. That "the city will be a suf
ferer to a large amount is generally be
lieved.
The Grand Jury will take the matter
in hand at its meeting to-day, and his
Indictment on charges of forgery and em
bezzlement is a certainly. District At
torney .Byington has completed his work
in the matter of presenting evidence
against Conway, and there is enough to
convict him a dozen times over. His for
gery of the name of M. Walker to an
order for J15 bail in the case of L». T.
Walkman is one of the strongest weap
ons held against him by the prosecution:
Three other cases, all of which prove
Conway's guilt, will be brought to the
attention of the Grand Jury,- and his in
dictment is confidently expected. This
will bring the machinery of the law in
play against him. and all subsequent evi
dence of wrong doing on his part will be
merely cumulative.
GRAND JURY INTERESTED.
The detectives engaged in the search
for Frederick B. Conway, the default
ing clerk of Police Judge Mogan's court,,
received information yesterday which
seems to indicate that Conway was one of
the passengers on board the' United
States transport Buford when she sailed
for Manila at noon on Monday. Coupled
with this news Is the. additional discov
ery that Conway{s peculations were not
confined to his embezzlement of bail
money, but to fines as well.
Inquiry yesterday developed that Con
way stole $100 a few days before his ex
posure, that sum being the amount | of
a fine imposed upon a Chinese for sell
ing opium without a physician's i pre
scription. The money was paid in open
court, and Conway took charge of the
coin. Conway's record showed that the
case was dismissed, while the record
kept by Judge Mogan proves that the fine
was imposed.
It is now believed that the Investiga
tion now being made will develop similar
cases. Expert Elliott is busily engaged
in the- task, but he declines to say how
successful his efforts have been. It is
certain, however, that Conway's records
will show beyond question that only a
small part of his crookedness has been
exposed, and that other fines which
should have been paid into the city treas
ury were disposed of by Conway at the
racetrack or in the gratification of the
numberless pleasures for which he had a
weakness.
More Evidence of Crooked
Work by Missing Man .
Discovered.
Defaulting Clerk May
Be Aboard the
Buford. / %
BELIEVE CONWAY
IS ON THE DEEP
Forty Members of Organization Will Take Part
in Opening Exercises of Shriners.
LOR1NG CLUB SINGERS
TO LIFT THEIR VOICES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAEL, FRIDAY, JUNE 6, 1902.
TWO MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL TEMFLE WHO HAVE BEEN SE
LECTED TO SERVE ON THE GENERAL RECEPTION COMMIT
TEE DURING THE COMING WEEK.
An additional cliarce of 2O
cents to par ciprcinace will
be required from out' of town
subscribers ordering; by mull.
A car-load of Cook Books
ha* Jtjwt arrived from Clitcanro
and they n re ready, for distri
bution 'lit the bndneM oHL»e
of llil* paper. All Call nab
¦crlbera are entitled to a copy
of this trreat 'Cook Hook nt
the- premium . price ol fifty
centi. ¦'•' . ; '¦ ¦' ' ' '' ¦ : '
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
I : Adams': Hair ( Restorer promotes - growth, re
[' stores "color and beauty to thin gray hair, 00c. *
I ow prices and good work in making
ever furniture and mattresses. . Hopke
Brce., 411 and 413 Powell: street.' Phone
Bush' 421. . .. .. j ..... ..;•¦,-.
AJDVEBTISE2EENTS.
A Healthy and well nourished infant
gains in weigHt," sometimes slowly
and sometimes rapidly, according to
age and other conditions.
Mellin's Food babies make a normal
gain in weight and attain that plump
and solid condition so gratifying to
the parents.
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN/S FOOD.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON,- MASS.
NEWMAN & LEVTNSON.
Fancy Silks
Reduced to 65c per Yard
We offer to-day a large accumulation of up-to-date
RICH STYLISH SILKS at away below the regular price— we
doubt if the bargain will ever again be equaled when the
present line is sold. Many of the swellest of this season's
Fancy Silks are involved* in this sale — Handsome Foulards,
Fancy striped Pongees, Louisines and iNovelty Silks, Corded
Taffetas, Roman Stripes, Satin Armures", etc. — / f"
Qualities that have been selling at 85c, $1.00 and ft' s %r*
$1.25 per yard — are now being sacrificed at, per yard \|t/ V
Cottage Curtains
A great curtain purchase enables us to give customers an
opportunity hitherto unequalled at this season — Fine Madras
Curtains in ecru ground with pretty cross stripes in Roman
colors — suitable for summer homes — size 45 jnches /J^-g p»|\
wide and 3 yards long-to close out quickly-, we price | m|
them at, per pair t|/J.tt/V
Ladres' Summer Underwear
Here are a few of the excellent values that we are now
offering — a splendid opportunity to obtain seasonable under-
wear for your summer outing :
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Silkoline VESTS, low neck and no *l^ n
sleeves, in White, Black and Colors, special at .Z«_/C
Ladles' Swiss Ribbed Lisle Thread VESTS, low neck and no / 2Q. r
sleeves, in White only— worth 50c each, on sale at OOC
Ladles' Fine White Cotton Ribbed UNION SUITS, in low 7C
neck and no sleeves; knee length — special at.......... \ /«JC
Ladies' Ribbed White Cotton UNION SUITS in high neck (£1 f\(\
with long or short sleeves— special at vJ)l.Uv/
A Corset Special
A light weight Corset — Good wearing, fine -fitting and
comfortable, are the predominating features in the special we
offer to-day — They are in the latest bias-gored, straight
front shape; lace trimmed and with hose supporter Yt>fl /%F"
tab — Colors, Black, White, Pink and Blue; Vfa\ /W
exceptionally fine values at \§j\%Li$j
Bathing Suits
The largest and best assortment we ever had — all the
very newest and most attractive styles are now on sale — and
to-day's values are by far the best we have ever offered :
Ladies' Bathing Suits at $2.50, $3.75, $4.25
Girl's Bathing Suits at 1.50, 2.25, 2.75
Men's Bathing Suits at 1.25, 3.00, 3.75
Boy's Bathing Suits at 1.00, 1.50, 2.25
===| Kearnp and Suffer Sfs.t-
•
ICOLDEIMI
CLOAK £
SUIT USE.
REDUCTIONS!
REDUCTIONS!
1 " .- ¦ I
I Tailor Suits. .Reduced |
I Silk Garments Reduced
Jackets Reduced 1
Silk Skirts . . Reduced |
! Cloth Skirts . Reduced |
$12.66 PURE WOOL SUITS, reduced 1!
H to «7.5O If
Eg $17.50 and $15.00 TAILOR SUITS, re- I
H duced to $10.00 U
H $22.50 and $20.00 FANCY TRIMMED fl
a SUITS, reduced to $15.00 li
|| $35.00 and $40.00 HIGH NOVELTY |j
|| SUITS, silk lined or silk drop E
¦ skirts; reduced to H
I 82O.OO and »2."ji00 P
fc $3.50^ WOOL SKIRTS, good lining; i
| reduced to jg^> qq §3
I J1 Ef? T J^ NCY TRIMMED SILK i
I SKIRTS, reduced to $7 'VO B
I $6.00 BLACK VENETIAN ETON I
s JACKETS, reduced to S4 OO I
I $7.50 BLACK VENETIAN ETftv I
|. BLOUSES, reduced to^...8-iOO
H $12.00 and 515.00 NOVELTY «?TT Tv-
B JACKETS, reduced to K !
¦ $3.00 FANCY SILK MOT?vi-sr !
H ±*Jii 1 1 1CUATS, reduced to S** Ort
{§ $10.00 REAL OSTRICH FEATHFT?
1 a B u O cJ!-.o bla .*«/"™*i S
Jl23{H23M234 MARKET ST.
WeakEys«St«nfit!w n8 J.
I'alnful or laflamej eyes la-
¦ Jtantly relieved wUaG&OROS
« J 0^r C v^ MAYEP.LE'S German Ey»
*&ffnn$r "'"er, 6Oc at 1071 Market
7/" I 'l> 1 SV »,. xel. Eouth 672. None gea-
uln* without tbls tradamarK.
\
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEARING "SALE" 0 " ' " 1 " 1
Summer Dresses
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Every consideration of Profit Sac-
rificed to that of Speedy -
t Selling.
t No time like now, no place like here
to buy that new summer dress and
practice economy. The dresses are
ewell — very;. ¦ And ¦ the styles are the
latest. They were most reasonably
priced before the reduction. At their
new prices they represent almost un-
precedented money's worth.
ORGANDIE DRESSES— In white, pink
or blue. Tucked blouse' waist, with
satin ribbon belt. Tucked -flounce
eklrt with double drop. Entire drees
handsomely trimmed. Regular price
$27 50. now Sl&.OO
ORGANDIE DRESSES— Blouse waist
with fancy ruffle collar, extra
rulmpe. Three flounce flare skirt
•with double drop. Entire dress
trimmed with circular bands of lace
Insertion. Regular price $32 50
now 822 .5O
POINT D'ESPRIT DRESSES— All-
over tucked waist with lace ehawl
collar and front of lace and chiffon
—lace elbow sleeves. Three ruffle
eklrt— made with a yoke effect and
trimmed with all-over tucks and lace
i Insertion. Regular price $37 50
now f 26.OO
FOULARD SILK DRESSES— BlouV»
Jacket with la^-e Fha^'. collar and
chiffon front, trimmed with taffeta
straps. Full flounce rtlrt with silk
drop, handsomely trimmed. Regular
price $47 50, now «S5.OO
FOULARD SILK DRESSES— Very
stunning: creations. Bolero Jacket
with pointed belt and cuffs of white
flannel, fancy lace vest and collar
trimmed with straps of black velvet.
Full flare flounce skirt with sllli
drop— trimmed with velvet and lace
Insertion. Regular pric» 00
now fSO.OO
7 THE FURRIER q
Millinery • Cloaks • Suits •
2i9Granf Avenue
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Part*. J. ESP.'S j New York, E. POUOERA <fc CO.
tOUi Si' ALL VKVGG19T*