Declares; Favoritism
Isi Behind General:
Staff Bill:
Makes a Sensational
Statement Before
Senators.
GENERAL MILES' THREAT
TO RESIGN FROM ARMY
As to the work of ,thls character during
the 1 war. with; Spain Secretary/Root said:
"That work .was "done during the Span
ish .war practically by the men In 'the
adjutant ; general's offlce. But' how 'did
they: have to do it? Each man was at
his ' desk having,' routine duties /which
were pressing • upon ¦ him, " enough .for '. two
men" to do, ; and it was only ( by working'
day 'and night, .' with ; the halls thronged
and crowded with people' who ' werepress
.'ng:with .ten -thousand things haying
nothing : to -do with .the really important
duties - they; were/ performing, th"at j they
were; able ¦ to ?do ;these things " that" ought
to .have been put-in/ the hands \ of 'men
,who/had; nothing^ else whatever to do. If
-The printed report of the testimony of
Secretary„ Root before the commitee on
the general staff bill W33 made public to
day. , In his statement the Secretarj' said
that the general staff of the army, as it is
proposed to organize it under : this billi
would- be simply", an advisory board, and
Its "principal duty would be that of an
ad\isory board. ;{ /
"It -proposes,',' he said, "to create by
detail from'' the officers of 'the army a
body of officers- who shall be charged, in
the first place,' with the duty of doing the
military thlhkinff, of doing what the, navy
has a, board engaged. In now, and what
we ought to have in the army and 'have
not tfy-d&y. The primary idta is. not to
give orders. It is. to study and prepare
plans for ; the . men who . give th© orders."
Asked . as to the place the ''commander-'
In-chief occupy with reference . to
this -board the ; Secretary replied that he
would- accept plans made ¦ by the board or
not, as he might please/ The Secretary
continued as follows: ,
"The' plan of the - bill is to have the
chief xjf staff selected by the President as
commander in chief, and to have it a de
tail, so that he would • come in with the
President and go out with": the President
Senator Bate-Do I/understand that
there is ; a limit to their , power ; tha t th ey
will not > interfere with the .lieutenant
general? -. . ; . .. > •
„• : Secretary Root-The proposition is to
have the lieutenant general to" decide. •
EXPLAINED BY ROOT.
who> would hold the places of honor, pr<
yided,. but ,the committee did' not ask f<
the names. ' Vt 0
'¦'¦ Continued on , Page ; Two-
, PORT : AU ; PRINCE,' • Hayti.v March 20.—
The; ; political ; situation '„ is ;' critical.' v The
authorities' continue, making »arrests?'The"
prisoners ';- fot ¦•-;, importance y are takenfoh
board V. the rHaytieh ' • warship, N Cret'e-a-
Plerot :'"/.!. ¦ -/ ' : ¦ [¦;¦¦.. ; ' '.. \ , '
Hayti's j Political /Upheaval.
WIKHELMSHAVEM, Prussia. March
20.— Emperor William has directed that m
former torpedo-boat, : now. UMd u *
guardshlp here, shall be renamed "A3ct
Roosevelt." • .
Honors President's Daughter.
' HAVANA , March 20.— Governor . General
Wood left here to-day on the Kanawhi
for Miami ¦ on his way . to Washington,
where, it is expected, a final consultation
will - be ; held with President-elect Palma
and other Cubans In regard to establlslx
lng a Cuban Government.
Wood on Way to Washington."
¦I ST.; PETERSBURG,, March 20.— Details
of the mutiny, of Russian troopsyat, Tula>
when the -soldiers 1 refused / to fire: : on
Btrikers,:have been received. It appears
the v troops "fired;, blank^ cartridges, but
when ordered : to- fire ball xartridges 'the'
sergeant refused .: to : obey.'; . The officer
'commanding 'the :' soldiers'^ then •threatened
to kill the sergeant, whereupon the- troops
attacked ; the "officer. 'The • latter, has 'since
succumbed '."to -j the ' bayonet ' wounds '}• they,
inflicted upon him/,
Mutiny of .Russian Troops. ¦
CINCINNATI, .March .20.— '.'I bequeath
to my grandson, "Otto Schmahl, ' the; sum
of ;J12,000/, because he. was brave and loyal
to his country.ln the time of trouble. ".V*:
; r The" above; Is : a' provision In th'eTwillTof
Max Schmahl,' a miliionalre sugar, king' o£
Germany. • Otto Schmahl resideswith lib
parents', in . a; ; mode3t 'littljs . home ; &t', 184
West Clifton"' avenue. Upon ! the ; declara
tion i of war. 1 with ' Spain ,' young ;¦ Schmahl
was i one [of -the- first "to respond.' . He-par
ticipated; in : numerous ; skirmishes/. ami
when hia ".wealthy grandfather \ heard; of
the meritorious deeds, of his grandson he
was full' of ioy.:. The [news' apprising ;the
young man of his fortune "came in i'" a' letter
from 1 Germany. :;. '.",
German I Grandfather of a Young
American; Soldier
Spirit of." Loyalty. '¦¦¦ .
GETS JL.SMAil^ FORTUNE /» , .;
- BECAUSE HE, WAS BRAVE
As already stated, Mr. Leiahm ann soma
time ago lodged caveats with the. Turkish
and Bulgarian Governments saving tha
right of the United States Government to
prefer a demand for reparation and re
imbursement In the Stone case when It is
able to fix the responsibility for the ab
duction. .TJp to this time the official re
ports from Minister Leishmann, supple
mented by verbal reports from "Spencer
Eddy, have not put the State Department
in possession of sufficient facts to deter
mine this question of responsibility.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— The persist;
ent circulation of reports that the Stato
Department . had . made a demand upon
Turkey for reimbursement of the money
expended in the ransom of Miss ' Stone Is
causing a good deal of annoyance to tha
officials of that : department. It. can be
stated as a fact that. the State Depart
ment has made no such demand on Tur
key, and consequently the Turkish Gov
ernment has not flatly refused to pay.
Tacts Are Not Yet Available to De
' terrains Where Bansom Respon
sibility Lies.
UNCLE SAM HAS NOT '
ASKED TURKEY TO PAY
General Miles was questioned as to the
reasons of locating - the American -. army
of occupation at Tampa • and holding' it
so long. with the resulting congestion. /Re-
Plying to the. first question, : he: said, it
was because of the order to occupy Ha
vana. The', delay was due to the fact
that .the American' army ¦ was supplied
with only sixty-four rounds of . ammuni
tion, which would' nof have' been;*suffi
clent for .more than half an hour; of
fighting. Considering : that ¦ Havana 1 was
one of the best fortified cities': In * the
world he said that to"; have attacked " It
would, have been ' foolhardy In -the "ex
treme. He declined,' however, to" criticize
the then Secretary of .War/ General Al
ger, for the condition of affairs, .-saying
that probably, any one else in the position
would have. done about what 'he did. '^ He
laid the blame for .this condition of un
preparedness at the door ' of ¦ Congress.*- -••
. In the course of his remarks General
.Uiles told the committee -that wjthithe
\\Hl a law he could' now name'' the t J meb'..
Then he added. that In all*- probability,
the senior general of the army would not
under the provision he had quoted. have
been in position to do anything, and he
called attention to the clause relieving,
him (the senior general) of command and
making It possible for any other officer
to "be appointed. He declared that, under
section 7 it would be 'competent to -. -one
day to promote a captain to the position
of a brigadier and the next day make
him- chief of staff,' thus practically-plac
ing a captain at the head of the* army.'
Warming up somewhat he asserted that
the bill was calculated to ' accomplish no
purpose except to allow the. Secretary -of.
War and the Adjutant General to ¦- pro
mote the Interests of their personal'favor
ites. £gH .-¦'.. - v ¦
TO PBOMOTE FAVORITES.
to start Immediately for. Santiago Iwith
the- result that the army was soon on its
way to r the point. where its presence was
needed. Suppose," he added, exhibiting the
message which he had sent to General
Shafter, "I had been ' compelled : to . get
around to a dozen or ' more ma jors, ; as
many colonels and any number. of' gener
als constituting a general staff?" •"
at Santiago/ and I hastened to .the home
of Secretary Long, where the news '. was
confirmed. Shafter was then at\:Tampa
and I sat down there, in the Secretary's
house/ and wrote a' dispatch directing him
w -m* y ASHIXGTON. March 20.
jg Jm / —General -Miles -to-day
OT /S / told the Senat** Commit
nf 1^ lev on Military Affairs
y V that If the bill introduced
by " Senator Hawl«»y at
the ir.pt.irrf r>f the War Department for
the organization of a general staff of 'the
rrrny ehould bpcome a law he would de
cline to longer hold his commission. The
reason he gave for the statement isthat
the bill Is uttor]:- subversive of the inter
ests of the military establishmentrand he
said he would not he a party, to such a
proceeding to the extent of even', .contin
uing to hold his place.
Tlic statement was made in the course
of a prolonged hearing: by the 'committee,
¦which was conducted behind closed doors
and In which General Miles touched upon
a variety of subjects connected with the
•xmy. .
OBJECTS TO THIS SECTION.
The portion of the bill to which he di
rected his especial criticism Is that con
tained in' Section 7, reading as follows: .
"That from and after the passage of
this act the senior general officer of the
army shall be. assigned to command such
portion of the army as the President. may
direct, or b* detailed to. duty , In '.the .'gen
eral staff corps. All duties prescribed by
' law for the commanding general of the
ermy shall be performed by, the chief of
the general staff ©r other general officer
designated by the Secretary of War, pro
vided, that so . long as the ' present lleu-
tenant-grneral of, the antoy continues on
th« active list he shall be th© chief of the
peneral staff and upon the Eeparation
from active service of the said^leutenant
prneraJ of the army 'said offlce, except as
herein provided, shall cease."
¦WOULD DESTROY TJNTTY.
General Miles said that if this provision
should become a law It would* have the
«£Tect of destroying the unity of the army
and he read numerous authorities, includ
• ln« Napoleon. Wellington, Washington,
Cue and Grant, to show the necessity of
having on© head to the army and of .'con
trolling authority. His .own. experience
and observation had, he said,. had the ef-'
i »ct of confirming - these views, ¦ and . he
jrav« an Illustration of Its beneficial effect
In time of emergency ,' Instancing . the be
iinnlng of the war- with' Bpaln.
"I heard at midnight" he said; "that the
UponUn fleet ; had been located
~; ' The .speaker said : , "An .honorable mem
ber: spoke "of /soldiers serving under., the
British /flag ,as' traitors.' ;I .'deprecated ¦' the
interruption/and I-' -deprecated the .retort
of the other member." ', . , , ;. >. \
','jf ' DTLLON IS STJSPENDED.
Dillon "then said:' "I r will tell' the ".¦¦right
honorable ; member -that ;'he 'Is- a rdamned
: fiarl^jgfflteS^B^BMg^^^^^^
• A' dead silence . this v remark.
A 1 " scene." of , great confusion '. ensued.
When order was 'partially i restored : Diilon
'demanded' a'- ruling ¦ on Chamberlain's
words: ".'¦.
'¦:¦ Chamberlain, proceeding; referred to ; the
Boers who ¦ are fighting . oh ¦ the "¦¦ British
Bide,'; when John Dillon : (Irlsh'i Nationalist)
interjected: ''They are traitors," ito'.whlch
Chamberlain > retorted: . '" The : honorable
"gentleman' is a good judge of traitors'.'/
» ; Both 7 Sir' Henry ; Campbejl-Bannerman
and 'Chamberlain : thereupon .withdrew ; the"
words, amid' cheers, j'. ¦
The - speaker. . Sir .Arthur Court Gully,
here . intervened ;and declared- 'that ; the
term '¦ ."mallgnanttslanders" was unparlia
mentary. ... '¦;.¦¦ x, ./¦
; Colonial ; Secretary 1 Chamberlain, In the
course of ¦ an equally ¦ Incisive', reply,:* said
he desired - to ; deliberately accuse Sir
Henry.-.CampbeiliBannerman of losing no
opportunity >for .'slandering • his .country
men, the ¦ soldiers and -the:. Government.
Consequently ;the "malignant slanders"
had -come from the ; opposition side? '.
"MALIGNANT, SLANDERS."
-•"•'¦,-w-.- . "ONDON. March 20.— One of the
"'¦ ff'. ; liveliest- : scenes .witnesse.Ai.;I n .
¦* * ff ' ¦ the Hous e of Commons Jsincja^
B :¦'. the palmiest days of the Jrislt
in *0 Nationalists ended 'this . at terr
..noon .with the - suspension^ of
John Dillon. ' During 'the discussion- of
South •: African , affairs . the - Liberal leader,^
Sir Henry\ Campbell-Bahnerman," yigor^'
ously. protested against the Government's
conduct in, uttering /'malignant; slanders"
in calling the Liberals "pro-Boers." These
slanders, "Sir Henry- said, were used 'for
party . purposes. .- The Government, which
had been going. from blunder to. blunder,
claimed^ Immunity from criticism, and If
this continued It would follow "the pre
cedent of the evil days of the" American
war." The. speaker proceeded to glve-a
bitter detailed criticism Ipt the - Govern-*
ment's. treatment of the Boers and Its mis
calculations, declaring thatfthe honor and
Interests of the country were just as dear
to the Liberals as to the most supercilious
defender, of the" Government's" policy,', and
the ¦ Liberals would '•' continue to , pro test "In
the r name ; of ) the } righteous and; generous
"traditions of, the nation against the'meth
ods of the Government.. ....
; ing Boers" in the field. ,-"..
-This optimism -is. rather .offset by the
fact" that the Government has again tele
graphed ' to 'Australia ; inviting '. that com.
nionwealth .'; to send* 2000 'more men. to
South Africa. ",
I Dillon's suspension, .under the -present
Such unparliamentary .'language seemed
: to^atun the House. " •
I The] Speaker invited Dillon "jto withdraw
expression, but the latter said:
• "I will not withdraw." - . • ,
T "Then I must ; name "you," said the
, Speaker. ¦; -^^jMHBM^SSiWffW^i
[• The Government leader. A. J. Balfour,
then said:
'-¦ "I begrto.mo^ that Mr. Dillon be.sus
i ponded from service in the House."
.Thefmdtion was 'carried by 243 "to .43
; votes. ¦ '.' :'J "¦ - .,
Dillon; immediately, by direction of t"he
> Speaker, left the House, amid wild Na
tionalist • cheers. < and Chamberlain re
sumed his speech. " ,v
The ejection of _ Dillon did not serve to
clear the atmosphere and the . remainder
of the debate was. filled with personal al-,
luslons and unpleasant exchanges,' the na
ture 'of ; which would , have excited com
ment ; had : they not ' been discounted by
the first explosion.
GOVERNMENT IS ATTACKED.;
, David Lloyd- George, 'Welsh Nationalist,
bitterly attacked • .the ; Government, de
claiming a harrowing picture "of 'the con^
dltlona In South Africa, and charged the
War Office with' pigeon-holing Important
Information.. V';', ¦ ; . . -
Sir '.'¦ Charles Gayzer, Conservative, in
terrupted Lloyd-George, saying the
speaker was playing to the pro-Boers,'
whereupon Lloyd-George characterized
the interruption' as an "insolent remark."
This caused confusion in the House and
cries of • "Withdraw. 1 '
" John Redmond, leader of the Irish party
In the HouSe, appealed to the chair, and
Sir ' Charles reluctantly withdrew his
statement.'
.' W."-;;R., -Plummer, Conservative, and
Redmond' had' an/ altercation, .'and after
more , disorder Lloyd-George succeeded. In
finishing with the remark that he did not
know who was responsible ¦ for all the
errors and incompetency in* South Africa,
: but ; that^ the men who '. had profited by
> these' conditions now sat upon the Gov
ernment 'bench.
¦ r Brodrick, .; Secretary of State for "War,
replied : _ to Lloyd-George with a long-de
• f ense of the War Offlce.
-J Brodrick and Chamberlain, during the
discussion of ; " the House of y Commons,
: showed •themselves, to be very I hopeful of
"the", affairs in'" South* Africa. Chamber
lain'estimated there 1 ; were 'still 9000 flgEt-
COMMANDING OFFICER OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY, WHO DECLARES HE WILL RESIGN IF. THE BILL
FOR A GENERAL STAFi- BECOMES LAW,' AND THE AUTHOR OF THE MEASURE" THAT STIRS
WRATH OF THE LIEUTENANT GENERAL. . :. .
Well-informed persons consider a rebel
lion;, similar to that of the Tae-Plng3
probable.
-If this is true, say the advices, it add*
to'- the revolutionists 20,000 foreign armed
and drilled troops, capable of defeating
ajiy force the imperialists can raise.
The telegrams further say 'the country
is . undoubtedly ripe for rebellion. Rob
beries "are of frequent ' occurrence, tha
long-continued drought .' prevents th-a
planting of spring rice and this has led
the farm laborers to become robbers.
Canton Concerning Chinese
Rebellion. '
HONGKONG. March 21.— Advices from
Canton say It is credibly reported thero
that the Viceroy bad' received telegrams
from Lung-Chin, on the Acnam border,
alleging thai the whole of Marshal Su'3
troops have deserted -and joined the
rebels.
Alarming Reports Are Sent From
ALL OF MARSHAL SU'S
TROOPS JOIN REBELS
rules, cannot exceed a week. His oftensa
would have been much more severely
dealt with had tho new rules been In
force.'
THREE OF THE PARTICIPANTS IN
A SENSATIONAL DEBATE IN
' HOUSE OF COMMONS.
I
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
arrived- here /yesterday evening- at 5
o'clock. _She ' left' Guayaquil, Ecuador,
March i 16. .'- .'¦--•¦ "¦" --'- ' -, •
Government reinforcements from the!de
partment . of : Bolivar • have reached : Colon
¦on a iteam'er'of the French line. "Reports
favorable, to the National Government
have' been- received from the department
of Bolivar.'.. ; , . ' . i;:',-^. ; :
PANAMA, Colombia, March 20.— Some
fifty officers and soldiers, remnants of the
Government forces -.engaged recently- at
Agva Dulce and who weie taken prisoners
by. the revolutionists, arrived here to-day.
They report having been ;; generously
treated by the revolutionist General Her
rera, and that .the. revolutionists have
proceeded in the direction'of'ChlriquI.- ;
In. addition to the 100,w0 pesos to be
forcibly collected .b"y the Government
from the Liberals of Panama and Colon,
the ad valorem duties were increased to
day by 50 per cent.
COLON (Colombia;, March 20.— The Gov- j
cinmentis continuing to erect barricades j
and works of defense here ami at Panama I
in anticipation of ¦ a Liberal attack. 7 The I
Government' forces' on the. isthmus now
number over. 2000 men.' 'A ; British man-of
war is expected at Colon shortly. ',-'/
ACTIVITY IN- COLOMBIA.
- The Bolivar was at Pifitu; state of Ber
mudei, - AIarch^-]2;vluring the -.night •.; of j
Marcii '.13 -she ' waf . off:' this '-Island;;? and j
March II .^'yrAs'ijfjjoTo. ijjjthoJ3tate'' i of I
I*a1cciil :"'CjJhi;Tail Stwrl><-T**liie PreYkfentroft},
the; state . of .Gunaro, 'has been, - with; his 1
stair, taken prisoner;by "the" revolutionists i
under General Solas"!. :*"' '• ¦ ¦'¦¦¦' J
'The financial state -of affairs < in Vene-j
zuela.ls asbad as the political situation in
that country. The Government clerks have I
not been paid . for six . months . and coffee |
is unsalable.' . " : ' ,''.'.'
The revolutionists have cut the cable to
Barcelona and- T consequently the Vene
zuelan Government. is .without news from
Carupahb. ,.''• 'JV-*. . . ' : -,'
The situation's- said to be critical ! for
President Castro. The. Venezuelan fleet is
not in condition to pursue the Bolivar and
tho plans; of President' CasrYo to. capture
her have; failed;', : " . • , ./
CRITICAL ijFOR CASTRO.
/General Riera.; who escaped the pursuit
of "the Venezuelan Government troops
near Cumarebo.rin the .-UHte of Falcon,,
Is marching in the direction of Tucacas,
•a seaport, tov/ri In the.' state ' of Lrira;
which place is- to be attacked on -la ml': by
h!s troops and-from the^-sea by the revo
lutionary steamer-Bolivar, also known'as
the Libcrtadcr. ..:_..../. **\
The Venezuelan Government is sending
troops to'El/Hacha 'to -intercept'. General
Riera and prevent the junction of his
troops with the. revolutionists in the Bar
qulslmeteo district.!* ; V /,
¦ 1*. is reported that General' Rolando. has
landed, at Maturin, in the state bflier
mudez. '.¦¦..•' C .: > . ,-. -
.WILLEMSTAD.' Island, of. Curacao,
¦ March CO.— The*';/ Venezuelan
j headed by, General /.Matos - seems 'to
j be taking form. ' Eight hundred revolu
tionists under ._? General ;¦ P"enalozo"- : are be
sirging Car'upancC.a" i--caport town in the
state of ."- Bprtnudez, and the. revolution
ists''under. General Monagas .have'., sur-,
I rounded- Barcelona,, capital of. the state of.
.Bcrmudcz. ScnorV.Velutinl, the' Venezu
elan Minister \of', the Interior," hjfs been
dispatched on. a FreciaT mission to Bar
celona.', buf it'.. is said that he will arrive
there too late. ."¦... .
PP&< • .
Have Big Forces
in Field; j
Surround Barcelona
HURL VERY HARSH
WORDS IN COMMONS
Liberals Object to]
the Government
Slanders.
PP : ••' ¦¦¦' . ¦
Jo/ifl Dillon Declares
Chamberlain a
" ¦- ' '¦' ¦#-•'¦•'• ¦ ' : * ¦ • >
< ' ¦ - ¦ . — I — • — — — •
Blunders in the Boer
War Cause of ihe
Discord.
Mafos' Followers A re
Very. Active in
Venezuela.
REBELS
GAINING
GROUND
SAN FR ANCISCOy jFJUB AY^ MARCH 21; 1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.-NO. 111.
The San Francisco Call..King;' Will: B 3 ign for a; Week
' 'in ' the Kern :, County ','
;" ; Capital,^ •¦;,
i BAKERSFIELD, March 2O.-Much Ini
jterest^ centers, in the'free': street,carnival
i to , be , given ,' in this ' city under .;. the \ aus
pices of the Eagles from May 3 to May 10.'
Committees • have , ¦ been appointed,- the
colors— red , green and :• yellow— have -.been'
adopted by the i executive 'committee; and
an; interesting -programme', has. t>een; pre
pared for the week'- of. merry-making; '
/Among the exhibits will-be an ; immense
relief map" of the j Kern 'River and West
Side-oilfields, which, is to-be erected in
the square opposite - the ; Courthouse. - .The
map .: will : show;' all : of the » development
work - that has been "done In I: the -, fields
since the discovery of oil.'Every derrick
and; every well -will \ be , designated on the
map, which will be ', prepared r. under : the
direction of the; oil committee. ¦:..>¦¦¦- y
•The : programme as prepared arranges
for.' Odd- Fellows",, day,.-- ladles' -. dav.- Elks'
ana ¦¦Woodmen's .. day, , 'Los -• Angeles ¦;: day/
Supervisors' >. day, 1 - Eagles'^- day^ and ¦ mil
itary, day. • On the ¦ last day " the Governor
EAGLES OP BAKEBSFIELD , V:
r ?LAiN A STBEET ; FAIE
Resolved, That Wahsatch .Division No.' 124/
Order of Railway Conductors, feel personal be
reavement at his ¦ taking oft; : that we as a.
body and aa members Individually of our or
ganization deeply' regrret. the loss of so true
a friend. We knew his great generosity and
the prompting of hl« heart better than thosa
who were not In daily contact with . him, ; and
we have reason to be grateful to him -because
of his humanity ¦ and' desire to • overlook our
many shortcomings. ' Hence ¦ we • sorrow at his
demise and pray that lie who doeth all things
well will care for his wife and children and
throw about them the protection of, his strong
arm. Be it further - ¦-.; . ¦
Resolved, . That these resolutions be- spread
on the minutes of our organisation, a copy. be
sent to his family and also published in the
San Francisco dally papers. -,.- ( i ; - : ,
HADLET I. CHARTER,
THOMAS A. WHALEN.J.
Committee. '.!
Whereas. It has pleased the Great Organizer
to remove from the scene of activity ' on | earth
and from the companionship of those who
¦were his fellow workers Jerome Flllmore
Therefore be- if - .>. ¦:* -, . . .-.;
OGDEN (Utah), March 2O.-Wahsatch
Division- No. 124, Order of RalIway;Con
ductors of America, at a meeting here,
paid the following tribute, to the memory
of rhe late J. A. Fillmore: . -
IIAILWAY OONDTJCTOBS
BEMEMBEB KIND ACTS
: Relief comes *wltb' first application." Also the
quickest ' and most ' effective' • remedy^ for, chil
blains, , channR-s, sore '¦ muscles, ¦: skin " Irritation's.':
It cures , piles. - Pricei . 25c and 50c, 1 at druggists
! or] by mall." Salva-cea, 27i 'Canal st.,'N. Y.-
For • Catarrh— -Try Salva-cea.
: . BIILESMAK^' DENIAL.
The news of General Miles', statements
to-day before : the Military Committee -j of
the Senate great interest at- the
War; Department, -when' It became : known
' "I want to say," he went -on, "that
I" believe that with the • organiza
tion".: as it ;wa8' at the- outbreak
of the war with Spain and: is -now,
the outbreak of : any, war .would irre
trievably ruin any man who .was Secre-'
tary of 'War. L think the- organization
•s such that ItMs impossible that'success
ful ' results can be ; produced until they
have been 7 worked : out > by : most painful'
and expensive ~ ; experience. ' They ' will
come In time, because the American, peo
ple'will get up a -Jury-rigged;" extempore
organization which will be adaptedTto the
demand, but you will not have had Afore
thought ..and provision '¦ and understanding
of- what' was going to, be done unless you
get a different .organization ;in,. time of
peace." .",;¦',¦ ._;'•¦: ¦¦(:.: •. . -y \ ...-; .¦;.
we had riot had an adjutant general with
the strength of ten men,- with a wonder
ful physique and extraordinary, executive
capacity,' the whole system would • have
been broken down absolutely. -v "You can
not depend on having.such men. JI • T
He also 'said' that such' a board -would
be of great assistance to the 'Secretary of
War. 1 :,/,-: -- ' ¦--, . - : .-.-> • ¦..:-.'-.
Continued From Page One.
and his staff probably wlir be in attend
ance.:.
j There will be no' King. Rex, but in his
stead an oil king. The choosing of a car
nivaUqueen is a problem not as yet taken
up. On the last night there will be a
midway parade and an allegorical repre
sentation of la. scene from '/Midsummer
Night's Dream,"-, with the final disappear
ance of the queen of the carnival in a
silk 1 ' cocoon/ 'the court -mourning her de
parture.' During carnival.week. excursions
.wlll.be run 'from Los Angeles and other
points.- ; ... ,, ;v •'..¦¦
CF INTEREST TO PEOPI/E '..
¦ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Are Made in the Postal Ser
vice and More New Pensiqns .
. Are Granted.' .; V "
. "WASHINGTON, D. C, March 20.— The
Postoffice Department to-day announced
the following: Postofflce established, Cal
ifornia— Lumsden, Tuolumne County, .Da
vid A. . M. Lumsden, postmaster; Pilid, '
Sierra County, Platt Ketcham, postmas
ter "Washington — Wheatland, •¦ Adams
County, William Riggles, postmaster. ..*
Postmasters commissioned, California-
Henry W. "Witman, Oxnard. Oregon-
Laura V.~ Edwards, ialent: Albert B.
Foster, Lookinglass; ! Richard R. Fraser,
Telocaset. Washington— Alphonso 1«\
Lamed, Port Townsend; Oscar H. Loe,
Fairfield; Charles J. Thomas, Fredonia.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Daniel Vanderhook, Gait, $S;
James McEwen, Eureka, 56. Increase-
Thomas M. Dushane, East San Jose, $3;
William H. Elchler, Anaheim,. $12. Mexi
can. War— James Boucher, San Andreas,
$12. ;..-¦ ¦ '-' • : '- .. „
Oregon— Increase— John Conaway, Bar
low, $12. " ¦••• • •- .. .
Washington — Increase — Louis • Itelchel,
Rainier. $8; Henry Wambolt, Centralia,
$12; Nathaniel W. Henderson, Centralia,
$10; William M. Mattox. Thorp, $8; Philip
Swick, Soldiers' Home, Ortlng, $12.
An army order announces that Briga
dier General Jacob H. Smith is relieved
from duty in the Philippines and ordered
to San Antonio, : to command • the De
partment of. Texas.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— The Navy De
partment has granted an extension of nine
months in the case of the monitor Wyoming
on account of the strike at the Union Iron
Works, San . Francisco. - .
Confirmed by .the Senate.-
! "WASHINGTON, March 20.— The Senate
to-day confirmed : the following nomina
tions: 4 E^.W.. Battle. Surveyor.JSeneral o£
Montana; Lieutenant Commander R. M.
G.- Brown, U. S. ,N,, retired. '.to. be', com
mander. ..¦:¦.¦ ¦ v
-The, President to-day nominated- Nevada
N.' Stanahan to be Collector -of Customs
for the district. of New York. . .
- NEW YORK. . March 20,— The Stock Ex
change will be closed on ¦ Good Friday ' and the
following, day. The Produce Exchange will -be
closed on Good Friday. . .
Mr. .Lowther has', been identified for
years with the Kansas State Holiness As
sociation as. its president.. He 'believes
that In religion as well as in world-build
ing God Is proceeding from lower to high
er forms, and that this process must con
tinue in the future as it has in the past.
He contends that creeds are valuable only
as landmarks, says that lack of freedom
for the soul is like 'compressing: a lady's
waiBt in corsets to compel It to grow ac
cording to a certain fashionable Ideal, and
declares that religion can never reach the
fullness of naturalness until .It is free'
from . fear of : persecution . for* Its highest
and holiest concepts.
That Adam and Eve as first created had no
moral perception of their obligations of obedi
ence; that In eating of the fruit of the tree
of knowledge 'of good and evil they had done
nothing except what the others about them
were doing, and that they themselves had
done, that is, like beasts. - but - they - had ' a.
hlpher vision of spiritual things than formerly
and consequently they felt guilty.
That Christ died for man to show man how
to die for man; that this- willingness to die
for. man should be multiplied by exactly the
number of disciples of Christ, and that the
atonement can never be- completed- until this
Idea prevails. • ¦ .
That the serpent who talked ¦ to Eve wua
a man, one ot the race to which she and
Adam belonged, that he had not come into
a consciousness of God, therefore was classed
-with the beasts, . and that there were other
inhabitants or. members of the race... If not;
how did Cain find his wife in the land of
Nod, where none of Adam's children except
Cain had sane?' If not, whence came the
daughters of men -whom the sons of God took
for their wives? The reasonable interpreta
tion Is that descendants of Adam were called
sens of God because having entered into a
conscious knowledge of God. they would claim
him as their creator and worship him. .' The
others, not knowing God, were called eons and
daughters of men. . •
McPHERSON. Kans., March ZO.-The
! Rev. Granville Lowther, D. D., pastor of
¦ a local church, was served with papers at
; a Methodist Episcopal . Conference here
| to-day charging him with heresy and.set-
I ting forth that he would be tried- at Ar
j kansas City, Kans., on the 26th Inst. Rev.
Mr. Lowther, who Is a member of the
Southwest Kansas Conference, is charged
with being guilty of "disseminating doc
trines contrary to and subversive of the
doctrines of the Methodist Episcopal
church."
The Rev. Mr. Lowther is charged with
making- and teaching the following do.
trines, which are set down as In violation
of the confession of faith 'and the cate
chism: J. ¦¦:. . ;¦-.'¦ v
The House to-day made very slow
progress on the river and harbor bill, dis
posing of oply thirty pages and leaving
fifty papes to be considered.- - The River
and Harbor Committee again to-day suc
ceeded in defeating every amendment of
fered. Bellamy of North Carolina dur
ing the day took occasion to denounce
the Crumpacker proposition relating *to
Southern election laws as designed to stir
up sectional strife. He appealed to the
conservative Republicans to defeat the
resolution.
WASHINGTON. March 20.— Throughout
to-day's session "of the Senate the bill
providing for protection for the President
of the United States was under discus
sion. Just before adjournment an agree
ment was reached to vote on the measure
and pending amendments at 4 o'clock to-j
morrow. " . ; •
The speakers , to-day were Pettus of
Alabama, Hawley or Connecticut an-1
ICelson of Minnesota, in support of the
bill, and Rawlins of Utah, McCumber of
North Dakota. MalloVy of Florida. Car
mack of Tennessee and- Money and llc-
Laurin of Mississippi In opposition to it.
The speeches In the main, were a rein
forcement cf arguments that have been
advanced heretofore, no new points being
raised.
The principal point made by the oppo
nents of the measure was- that Federal
officials ought to be treated. In the courts
precisely as are other citizens. Three sub
stitutes for the bill are pending and will
be presented when the voting begins to
morrow.
' Representative Burleson' of Texas- in"
troduced In the House the followfog. reso
lution x>f Inquiry: - • . -..,.,- . . .,'
'-.\ "Resolved, That the President be and he
hereby : 1b respectfully requested,' if the
same is not incompatible' with the pub
lic interests.; to transmit to the House
copies of all . correspondence ? relating- "; to,
and papers bearing upon, the matter of
the ' recent request of Lieutenant Gen
eral Nelson -"A..- Miles to. be- assigned to'
duty, in the Philippines and to be allowed
to be put into effect there a- plan outlined
by him, having ; for Its purpose and.' being
calculated v to. bring about, an immediate
cessation of hostilities in said Philippines
without' further, loss of life on' either
Side. '¦-. '.'¦¦ ¦¦'¦ \'fV ' ¦ .<-. •. ¦- • -.: ¦ ¦ -.¦
BESOIiUTION OF. rNTQTJIBY.
there late in the day. There was a very
general inquiry as to whether, by passiny
the criticisms- upon various officials as
reported in the press, General Miles* had
not exposed himself to disciplinary treat
ment/ The answer to this must be based
on the exact amount of privilege which
attaches „ to testimony given ' before a
committee" of Congress. This
arose last week in the course of General'
Hughe's' testimony before the -Senate'
Philippine • Committee, when the ¦ general '
sought to escape answering questions
,which/would involve criticism -by him; of
his superior officer, 'General Otis.' 'It-'ap
peared that there was a variance of opin
ion in the committee Itself as,t(>.how. far
General Hughes was at liberty to" violate
nnny rules and proprieties even-- in '.'an-j
swering, to committee questions, and the
question itself was left unsettled. ':.
While " General Miles did -i not- expect ,
when: he gave his testimony'that it would
be made ''public in any' form; J he. Is now
willing that it shall be published. by -the
committee, making himself « the ¦ broad
statement that the statements which were
given to the i press as those made | by: him- 4
self before the committee, were misrepre-'
sentatlons, totally, unwarranted. • "«,'
Secretary , Root exhlblted : little feeling
when his attention .was called .to. the pro^
cecdlngs- before the committee. ' He- re
marked that he was very soi"ry that 'Lieu
tenant General Miles opposed - this h bill.
He pointed out that ;under Section .7, of
which General MJles complained, the lieu- 1
tenant ; general would have : greatly - en
larged powers In army management' in
stead of being restricted in his functions,'
as •! he supposed. As ~ to the -question
whether General Miles had said anything
which: would require action at the ; hands
of the department or the President;, the
Secretary firmly, declined to express: any
opinion, for the present at least, prefer
ing to await an official copy of the com
mittee hearing , before reaching' any ide
cision. • ¦.-.;•.-¦ .
SEEK SAFETY
OF PRESIDENT
CHARGE PASTOR
WITH HERESY
,' OFFICIAL. OF THE WESTERN
UNION WHO HAS WON DE-
I SERVED PROMOTION.
quarters. Many friends crossed the ferry
to bid the official bon voyage and success
in. his important post.
¦ Mr. Davies left last evening for Chicago >
to take formal possession of his new head-.
Davies isnot alone popular.Jn, the serv
ice of the company, but in social circles
has .formed - many, -close and; • stanch
f rierids.'i .' He *will be succeeded ¦ in ' ; San
Fraricisco by T. P. Smith, a gentleman
who his acted as assistant to Mr'. Davlea
for a long time and whose capabllity.,to
fill a post of so great importance has been
fully demonstrated.- %:J'\-
-(- — : ; ; ; ¦ ;
FOLLOWING close upon the ap
pointment of' Colonel Robert C.
Clowry.-to the .presidency .of, the
'.Union . Telegraph Com-.
¦ pariy comes the" news of thepro-'
motion of David R. Davies to the position'
of general superintendent of construction
of-the central division of the company,
which " embraces all territory west." of
Plttsburg, north and south ¦ to , the Cana
dian and Mexican lines, which practically
takes_ in two-thirds of . the United States. ;
.The'irnportant promotion of Mr. Davies
is due -entirely to the -masterly manner .
in. which; he has for sixteen years per
formed the onerous duties in San Fran
cisco % while in 'charge of 'construction of
¦the fourth district, which constitutes' the •
States 'of Oregon, Washington! Arizona,
Nevada and a portion of Utah and Nt;w
Mexico. , During that long period of serv
ice in the interest of the Western Union
Telegraph ' Company.' Mr. ¦ Davies has sii- '
perlntcnded' ; practically j '.the \ . entire ; re
. building of the plantfin .bis ,wJ(de district ,
upon a new and improved basis) involving
"'at -the' same time "the expenditure of ;a
stupendous, sum'.of , money., , - r ,.-
MILES THREAtEflS TO QUIT TH E AH MY
BERLIN, .March > 20.— The extension of
the Franco-Russian alliance to Eastern
Asia has caused a great amount of com
ment and conjecture in the circles' here
which 1 follow international politics.- A few
hours: before the text of. the note giving
the substance of the ' arrangement was
given 'to the press in Paris the. text of
the declaration /was shown to Count von
Bulow, the' Imperial 'Chanceljor, by the
Russian and French Embassadors here,
¦who together, called, upon | the Chancellor
for that purpose. It does not appear that
Germany was invited to participate in
the Franco-Russian declaration, and ittls
absolutely certain that she would not
have "had anything to do with it, Ger
many's policy, at present being to keep en
tirely : clear of entanglements : in China
that might lead to acute controversies.
9 •l-Hvl"I"i"I"M"I"I-l"i"I"I^-I"H"i"I^H« •
Would It be to her interest to put ! forward
obstacles at the present time? The; Intention
expressed by Great Britain and Japan to at-,
tain these same objects, which have invariably
been pursued by the Russian Government, can
meet with nothing, but sympathy In Russia,
in spite of the comments in certain -political
spheres and In some of the. foreign newspapers,
which endeavor to present-In quite, a different
light the Impassive attitude . of the Imperial
Government toward a I diplomatic act I which,
in it* eye. does not change in ; any way, , the
general situation on the political horizon. .'
The Attitude of Russia. *
the imperial Government received withahe
most perfect calm the announcement of the
Anglo-Japanese agreement. | The principles
which have guided Russian policy since the
beginning of the disturbances in China remain
and will remain invariable. Russia insists on
the maintenance of the independence - and hv
teerity of China, a friendly neighboring coun
try as well as that of Korea. Russia desire*,
the preservation of the status quo and 'gen-.
erai peace in the Far East by the construction
of the (Treat Siberian railroad. ,; together wlUi
ito branch line through Manchuria, : toward a
jicrt always ice-free. , Russia aids in the ex
tension in these regions- of i the commerce and
industry of the whole • world. ;,,* . • *,•
Only ten days ago Count Cassini called
at the State Department and assured Sec
retary Hay that Russia would respect the
principles of freedom of commerce and
integrity of China. While gratified s with
the Embassador's verbal assurances, nhls.
gratification was intensified when the
Secretary received them In form of ?mem
! orandum. In their treaty of alliance
Great Britain and Japan declared their
purpose to be the preservation of the open
door, in China and Korea .and the main
tenance of the Independence and territo
rial integrity of those, countries. The
declarations. of Russia and France state
emphatically these are . principles upon
which their policies are based ana
.which they propose to continue to respect.
. Diplomats and officials concur in . the
statement that to Secretary Hay should
be given credit for the satisfactory char
acter of the International condition of the
Chinese question. When he began his
work, in 1&S9, the open door was an elusive
dream. He crystallized it into form and
added to it the integrity of China, the
preservation of which is now solemnly
guaranteed by the- five great powers..
Takahirl, Japanese Minister, .was indis-.;
posed to-day; and could, not be seen re
garding the effect of the. treaty on Japan:
' Word Due From Japan.'
It is expected that the : Japanese : Gov-"
ernment will make a statement regarding
the Russo-Franco declaration, but it -will
undoubtedly be an expression of'justifica
tion that these countries should havejin
nounced adherence to principles 'which
Japan earnestly^ supports. ,; One diplomat
to-day said that the declaration of the
powers assures the peace of the world in
*ST PETERSBURG. March 20.— The Of
ficial Messenger, in ,publlshing.to-day the
Franco-Russian declaration relative to
the Anglo-Japanese convention, accom
panies it with an official statement, as fol
lows:
Agreements Written.
• .Cambon, French Embassador, and Count"
Cassini, Russian Embassador, submitted
statements of. their governments to. Sec
retary Hay yesterday afternoon. Secre-"
tary Hay recognized • the fact' that" the
statements of the two Embassadors were
merely reiterative of former declarations
which had been made, but. on -the part ol
Russia this is the flrst time since the
"open door" declaration of 1899 that she
has submitted them in written form.
j These declarations are significant for an
other reason. They are the first public j
proclamation of the fact of an alliance be- ,
tween Russia and France and its applica
tion to the Orient. * As 'such, they. are. a
notification to Great Britain that France.,
will move with Russia in case of war.be-
tween Russia and'Japan. :, In lother words, n,
they restore the equilibrium In' the -Far }
East and make the United States the bal
ance of power. •Whatever way the United j
States inclines its influence in any ques
tion that/may 'arise that side Will un
doubtedly, be victorious.
CALL felJREAU. IMS G STREET," NV
¦\V.; WASHINGTON. March 2O.-Presidenf
Roosevelt and Secretary Hay regard the
declarations of. Russia and France,- ofll-.
cially communicated 'to;, this' and other
governments. . .yesterday,' as cpnclusively
assuring the integrity of and preservation
of the open, door in China and -Korea.
-.Special Dispatch to The Call^
PARIS, March 20.— On application of the
Panama Canal Company the Civil Tribu
nal to-day approved the eventual cession
of the canal property to the United States,
subject to a reserve regarding modifica
tions to be obtained from the Colombian
Government concerning articles 20 and 21
of the agreement.
The Conservatives In our. country are badly,
in need of money. They realize that the Lib
erals are becoming a greater - menace every
day. With the exception ¦ of Panama and
Colon we are already In possession of the whole
isthmus. The Government troops want silver
for pay Instead of worthless paper money,
with which they are being paid. Gold is needed
for the purchase of aims and ammunition and
ships oflwar. In order to get this gold the
Government has hit upon the plan of giving
away something worth $40.000, 000. for $l,CO0.
000. That Is what President . Sanclemente got
for -signing the extension ef- franchise which
Congress has refused to ratify.
The Liberals of Colombia notified the French
Canal Company that this extension, granted
upon the sole authority, of one man, was not
valid and the State Department at Washing
ton received a note of similar import. In spito
of this fact the French company gave $1,000;
000 for the signature of Sanclemente.
Senor Silva was replaced probably because
he would not ~ give assurances at Washington
that this 1910 extension would be legal. .. The
preseiff Colombian Government la friendly to
i-'rance and la now negotiating for & loan in
Paris, eo it sent Senor Concha to .Washington
to smooth over- obstacles in the way of a
sale to the United States of French conces
sions. • . • . -'¦¦ •- .
Senor Silva was rather suddenly suc
ceeded' by Minister Concha, who favors
a consummation of the sale. The friends
of the deposed diplomat state that his
successor was sent here because Senor
Silva would not- give assurances at Wash
ington that the title was clear. Dr. Res
trepo,. one. of the leading Liberals of Co
lombia, said: : '":•,¦•:.•"-
Members of the Liberal party intimate
that the French promoters/believing the
revolution will triumph and realizing that
tho necessary extension of ten years' time
granted by President Manuel A. Sancle
mente of Colombia is, illegal, are trying
to sell its concessions before 1904, when
its certain rights expire. . At least this Is
the view, of the Liberal party of Colom
bia upon the proposed sale of rights
to the United States for f40.000.000.
NEW YORK, March 20.— That the Pan
ama ,Canal Company has no clear title to
sell to the United States is. the conten
tion of Martinez Silva, until a few weeks
ago Colombian Minister to this country.
"There is no I clear title i which the
French company has to sell," he said.
"Their title is far from available. I have
urged the formation of a treaty between
the United States and Colombia which 1
believe would solve the question." .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
D<aor for Commerce Will Be Opened
Wide and No 1 Serious Dispute : \ : .
., • Can Engage Countries in' .,
and Approves Eventual Cession"
of the Waterway to the .
r- United. States.
Civil Tribunal in Paris Takes Acticn
Refused to. Sanction
a Sale. .
Silva Replaced Because He
of Power.
¦ :: ¦ ¦ . = - :¦; -:;.:>.?¦•¦¦
Equilibrium .." Restored- and
Uncls Sam Ho.3 Balahca
.Integrity/ -
Five Great Nations Will
Preserve China's ,
Former Colombian Min
ister Talks of French
Company..
CASTS DOUBT
UPON TITLE
FOR A CANAL
WAR'S TERROR
DISAPPEARS
FROM ORIENT
In Rt cognition of Years of Faithful Service Colonel Glowry
.-y;Raises, Official , to General Superintendent of Gonstruc
tiori .of . Gentral Division cf .Western Union Company.
. ¦ :-;:j: ¦¦¦'¦ ¦ .; C V " ••-. . :- ¦ . - ' .
D A V ID R. DAVIES GIVEN
IMPORTANT APPOINTMENT
THE ; S AK FK Ai^GISCO^^OAiLi, FRIDAY, MAKUM l^ua.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VOTERS!
Registeyt Ones.
All citizens must register to
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a.m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from '8 ito. 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS j. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
IA/. X. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC i.SD ATTOBNET-iT-LAW.
Teeth Floor. Room 1015, Clau« SpreckeU Bldt
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. £21 California *t.. below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
>
c*us denature is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* -
Vh i remedy that cmrcs a cold iu. one day.
— .__ DB - SUJCBB'S SWAMP-ROOT. ! ..- '¦^•j. ¦ ¦_ :
WEAK IlIiiPD { ¦ |
RT-Jl'Ti'nil7i) TDATTDT 17
DLAJJi/iiii 1 nUUpiiJl
Bad to Pass Water Very Often Day and Night.
Cured by the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root.
DR. KILMER &.CO.. Bingharnton, N. ?. ' '
About two year^ ago I had a very severe case^of kidney and bladder, trouble. '
The pain in the small of my back was §."> severe that I could not stand it to" stay"-
in one position more than a moment or two. and was obliged to pass water- very
often day and night. I tried medicines and doctors without getting relief. Noticing f
an advertisement in the Topeka State Journal of Swamp-Root, I determined to.
give it a trial, and bought a bottle. By the time I had finished the first bottle the
pain had entirely disappeared from my biick. The pain and ; frequent desire to
pass water ceased. However, I continue! to take the medicine, using about six '.
bottles in all. That was over a year ago. and I have had no return of the trouble • \
since. ; -.-'•¦ : :,. ::=.-,-'•* '¦ '.,¦¦:. ' ..-;
CA. H. Nooney).- /I // A S\ . V
Chief Engineer. State /I S\/"~ /Y - S
Capitol Building. ,, y\ri^ / ]/ . S A /T— *7>— "* s-% /9
Topeka. Kans. C/ \J . / V 0 (/ LTyTJZ^C^'.
"tt'eak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible fqr more sickness and suffering
than any other disease, therefore when through neglect or other causes kidney
trouble is permitted to continue, fatal results ere sure to follow.
We often see a relative, a friend or an acquaintance apparently well, but in a
lew days we may be grieved to learn of their severe illness or sudden death,
caused by that fatal type of kidney trouble— Bright's Disease. , . ' •
The mild and extraordinary effect of the world-famous kidney and bladder-
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands the highest for its ¦¦•¦
wonderful cures of ihe most distressing cases. A trial will convince any one— and. -
you may have a sample bottle sent free by mall. •? ; '
Sample Bottle of Swamp.-Root Free by Rflail,
EDITORIAL. NOTE— Swamp-Root has been tested In so many .ways, and has .
proven so successful in every case, that a special arrangement has been made by
which all readers of The Call who have not already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. AIsd a book telling all about Swamp-Root, ¦
and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters re-
ceived from men and women who owe their good health, in fact, their very lives. "
to the wonderful curative properties of Swamp-Root. In writing be sure and men-
tion reading this genrous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call when sending
your address. to Dr. KUmer & Co.. Bingharntcn, N. Y. ' . ¦-..
If you are already convinced that S aamp-Root is what you ; need you can
purchase the regular 50-cent and $1 size bottles at the drugstores everywhere.
Don t make any mistake/but remember the name, Swamp-Root,' Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, JC., Y., on every bottle. - • •
Iii'our show. window. near tlie entrance. to thfe Lstore «s on dis- .
play..four-:leaders in bur hats which have" been the p*rime factors in . '
building-up^ '.oiir hat department to its present' size; for to-day we -
: carry the largest stock of hats inj San Francisco (excepting pos-
sibly two exclusive stores)." '¦ r ..'¦ ¦'.,¦¦
These* hats are priced as follows:
¦,$.l.3p; $1.95 : $2.50 $3.00
., They. come in all. shapes; and colors— Derbys in . black and
fbrowrij .Fedoras. Alpines,- Graecos,-> Dunlap Crushers. Pan-Ameri-
il; cans and:Pantouris in- black, /cedar,' pearl, blue pearl, steel and
i ;. Oxford.-.P.Su'ch'hat^is.the best possible value at the price."
,'¦:¦! :1 . , We: also -.wish to say that 'we ;havea very' large assortment of
\y. golf caps in hundreds of : patterns for. men and boys at ioc each.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
FfiOi OCEAN TO "OCEAN
Wise Women Use the Great
¦ »
Spring Medicine,
PAINE'S <
CELERY COMPOUND
It Is the Only Remedy That
Can Provide, for the In-
crease of Red Corpuscles
in the Blood.
From every section of the land, from
Matne to California, strong and well at-
tested reports of women, bloodlesa, ner-
vous, dyspeptic, neuralgic, rheumatic and
run down, and In many cases so weak aa
to be bedridden, who have- been enabled,
to resume their places In the family and
In social life, enjoying health, vigor and
true . happiness, . all through the aid of
that great blood purifier, blood maker ancl
health giver, Paine's Celery Compound,
When Paine's Celery Compound is used
j the rapid change in color, flesh and ex-
j pressjon of the face Is so marked and ob-
servable that repair of the wasted tissues
might well be called a renewal of life.
. Paine's Celery Compound 13 the' only
medicine that can effectively increase tho
' proportion of red corpuscles In the blood :
| this is a source of power "over all blood
diseases; rheumatism, neuralgia, kidney
and liver troubles, dyspepsia, indigestion
and general run-down condition.
! Mrs. Martha P. Luncefortl, a well-
known and popular lady of Crawfords-
ville, Ga., grateful for her cure by Paine's
Celery Compound, sends the following let-
ter for the benefit of all suffering women:
' "I think it is my duty to' let you know
about the wonderful work Paine's Celery-
Compound "has done for me. I have been
sick for the past fifteen, ex twenty years
with dyspepsia, "heart and stomach trou-
ble, and rheumatism, and so many dis-
eases that I can't mention them all.
"As for sleep, I didn't know what it
. was to have a good night's sleep, and
1 would roll and tumble and sit up in bcl
half the night. The second night I took
¦. Paine's Celery Compound I went to toed
and slept all night. Ycu don't know how
much better I felt In the morning, I havo
| not lost a night's sleep since I have been
i taking Paine's Celery Compound. I don't
1 know in -what words to thank you for
Paine's Celery Compound. It is'worth it3
weight in gold." • ; ;-->*.
npTL' A Dp of Imitations of Diamond Dyea.
ULi n flAL. Ask for and take only Diamond.
4f^\'W(}sieii
yM$I >**a^A Treatment
Weakness
N^^S^^M Marks a fiefi-
y\ A >v n ' te ac * va nee in
r /k A\ v" medical science.
/ W^-^tJ \ Y ** overcomes
/ v^lB^I \ \ even the most
\ L^r / a *f*» ra vate d
df^M>J forms of. func-
i « *» ' . . .. _ tlonal disorder.
O. C. Joalen, M. D. It la the flrst
- ,. ~7 I I ~ 4 really • success-
ful treatmen t - ever d&vis^d . for nrp-
matureness, loss of power, etc. The&e
i derangements are but symptoms of
• local inflammation or congestion, and
are not due to nervous disorder, as
is commonly supposed. I carefully
| study each case. My treatment 13
[ pliable to meet every condition, and
! never fails to permanently restore the
i full degree of strength and vigor. .
Consultation free at office or by
mail. Write for pamphlet. "Live All
Your Years a Man."
! DR. O. G. JOSLEN,
j- , 1C V 19 Market Street,
i I Diagonally opposite Hibernla Bank.
id visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
4HUSEUM OF flf«TOHY#
i G5 l:si - LZZZ ' : :z t9t 6:ii : ' x 1? - :iI ' i
\ ¦ q[ . Th« Largest Ar.atoinical Museum in the y
0 bsSBm World, We.ilcnes.es or any contracted A
* ySr 3S3 disease pniili«fljrr«re4hj the oldest T
O f S 5a 1 Specialist on the Coast. Est j6 years. ©
A fl^^fo Cf?. JORDAH-DISEAScS CF MEM 0
\ 8 Consultation free and strictly prr»ate. \
A S l?^H Troaiment personally or by letter. A A
\ B - ff 'srt If P**>tn» Cure in every case undertaken, Y
f)iPI l«t Wnte for Book. rHILOIOPQYaf A
W • [I I T « BlRniAGS, MAIT.BO F»E2, ( \ V
i . JJ valuable booic for mm) \
7 Oa JORDAN A tC, IC51 Jfnrk« St.8. F. ?*
j DR.PIERCES I
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
1 BLOOD t LlVER t LUNGS. [ ,
WONG, WOO,
.LiTf CHINESE TEA AND HERB
-. fe J'
. Jr£&* - 764-66 Clay St., S.F.,Cal.
•S^^H-SaV A LL DISEASES t.URED
f&Wtitiia'P .¦ ¦rl exclusively by Chlaoaa
herbs, over SCOO -varieties being cued ' Hour*
0:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. in.
»• r «i.UJ.W«fc 1 5^. _, Bis OI»» nou-polnonona
_f*if°WPnB|rrJll mnedy for Gonorrhcn*.
p leet . Spermatorrhoea,
J»£y CURES y*i Whitei, uanataral dia-
K^iflal to i daj*. \J charges, or aar inflamma-
wtStij Ouar»at«ed to *¦ tioa, irritation or nlcora-
6w_^> Prsrt at soaujion tion of mucous rneta-
IfJSlTHEEyjWSCHEUICAtCo. branM ' Non-astringent.
"• S» A « l> y express, pr«paia, for
Circular ecat on request.
I Weak Men and Women
SHOUT.D VSE. DAMIAXA BITTEH3. THE
Oreat Mexican Remedy: rives health and
j strength to sexual organs. . Depot. 323 Market.
i ft I FT nnU A I Corntr Fourth ¦¦na
uArt HUihL^^^
Will I- «»W.lllfc« j,. overcoat" and
~vallse» ch»ck»d fr-»
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES. \
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
% on Application. _'.. .
COAL, COKS AND PIQ IRON.
Jr UII CftV * C'tl 900 Battery Street.' ••
• t-WlLjUil g VJ-- Telephone Main -186*..
• FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I1C PftVPC * CS\ Shipping Butchers, 104
JAJ- CUI£J tt LU Clay v Tel. Mala 1234.
: oils.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 171!».
PRINTING.
E- C-. BUGHcS 61J Sansome at.. S. P.:
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO.. „
23 First street. San Francisco.BAKERSFIELD. March 20.— General W. It.
H. H«rt has gone to Xew York City to nego
tiate the eale of the Hart Crude Oil Company's
property In the Kern River neld. and pending
such negotiations the proposed development
work en the lease has been suspended, -
"WASHINGTON. March 20.— Secretary
Shaw issued a circular to customs officers
directing them to keep and * render separ
ate accounts of all. collections made un
der the Philippine tariff act, approved
March 8. 1902. All moneys received in
the united States under the provisions
of this act are to be deposited to the
credit of the Treasurer of the United
States, to be returned to the Philippine
Government.
Collections Under Philippine Tariff.
Skagway papers say that J. C. Schmidt
of Atlln is supposed to have been. frozen
to death on the trail "to Dawson. He
was inexperienced and . became lost.
VANCOUVER, B. C. March 20.— The
Amur arrived *o-night from Skagway.
completing the longest trip, with the
worst weather, she has had this winter.
The Amur and City of Seattle went north
at the same time and were forced to lie
In harbors forty hours between here and
Juneau. . ¦ . .
News was brought of the raising of
rates on the stage line frcm White Horse
to Dawson from $75, the fare charged all
through the winter, to" $150. Three hun
dred passengers taken, north by the Amur
and City of Seattle met this announce
ment at Skagway and there were many
refusals to pay.- Finally It was found
that all the companies interested In win
ter transportation had combined on the
rate and there was nothing to do but pay
or walk. ?
Gold SeekeTS Do Not Learn of the In
crease Until They Arrive in
Skaguay.
DAWSON STAGE LINES *
. DOUBLE THEIB, RATES
The California Club will spare no ex
pense in the reception of Mackenzie, who
was the founder of the club. Some $3000
has been set aside. It will be an informal
affair and everybody in the" county will
be made welcome. The committee an
nounces that no invitations will be issued,
because It is afraid some, might be over
looked and It wants all classes of people
to attend and meet Mackenzie and the
guests from abroad. It is expected that
about 2500 persons will be present. The
club rooms will be handsomely decorated
with flowers, a stringed orchestra* will
discourse music between the toasts and
speeches, and there will be no end to the
refreshments.
SAN JOSE, March 21.— An elaborate re
ception will be given John D. Mackenzie
in the California Club in this city next
Wednesday evening, in honor of his re
cent appointment to the position of State
Harbor Commissioner. Friends of Mac
kenzie who have the affair in charge met
this afternoon and perfected arrange
ments. The affair will be significant
politically, as most of the State officers
and prominent politicians will attend and
meet the Republicans of Santa Clara
County. Invitations have been sent , to
Governor Gase and the other State offi
cers. Colonel Burns, W. F. Herrin, John
Lynch, Jere Burke, Colonel Stone and
Warren Porter of Santa Cruz. The guests
from abroad will be met at the station
by a reception committee and escorted to
Hotel Vendome. c v '
the New State Harbor Com
missioner.
California Club in San Jose Will Fete
ELABORATE RECEPTION
TO JOHN D. MACKENZIE
LISBON, Uarch 20.— In a collision to-day
berween fishboats near Nazareth eleven meo
¦vore droiraecj.
OFFERS TO PRODUCE /./
A WITNESS IF PAID
Sensation. Is Sprung in the George
Gribble Murder Trial in
Stocjcton.
STOCKTON. March 20.— The trial of
Georga Gribble for the murder of Lena
Young was enlivened this afternoon by
the testimony, of Frank Alemansen. He
had been called by the prosecution to
give seme corroborative evidence, and a
question on cross-examination brought
out the fact that he had recently gone
to the office of the defendant's attorneys
and, in a conversation there with Mrs.
Alexander, a sister of Gribble, had de
clared that for $50 he would produce a
woman named May Wilson, who could
give valuable testimony for the defense. '
The story was not denied by the wit
ness, who adhered to the main details. In
spite of a rapid fire of questions from
both fides. He declared that he could not
describe the woman, but said that a local
employment office could supply an identi
fication. An investigation by the officers
disclosed the fact that a woman givir.s:
the name of May Wilson had applied
there for work, but nothing 1 further waj
learned. .-SSHSfe
The witness was evidently badly scared
before he got off the stand, as It was in
timated to him that he had laid himself
liable to an accusation of attempted ex
tortion. ¦ •
Sale of a Fine Vineyard.
¦' SAN JOSE, March 20.— One of the big
gest vineyard transactions In the history
of Santa Clara County went " on record
yesterday when William Wehner.of Ever
green sold 239 acres of vineyard to th<j
Lomas Azules Vineyard Company. The
price paid is between $150,000 and $200,000.
or nearly $500 an acre. The vineyard is in
full bearing, and is one of the' finest in
the State. In the purchase Is included the
winery, ifs working tools and horses, and
$10,000 worth of wine.
decree of Emperor William from going
into effect. - •
Dispatches from Berlin say the exclu
sion will apply only to meats upon which
preservatives have been used, but this 13
construed into an an excuse on the part
of the German Government to exclude all
American meat in response to the agra
rian demands in Germany.
TiERLIN" March 20.— Referring to the
dispatch received here from Washington
in which it was said that meat packers
in the United States had petitioned, the
State Department to protest against <he
exclusion by Germany of meats prepared
with borax, the Vossische Zeitung re
marks • that the German Government
knew what it was doing when it forbade
the importation of meat thus prepared,
and hence any protest from. Washington
would be without effect. ...
Military Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON. March 2O.-Chalrman
Hull of the House Committee on Military
Affairs having returned after an absences
of several weeka at home, the military
appropriation bill to-day was ordered re
ported by the committee. It carries $9j,-
D05,W0. as against esjlraates of- S101 t 903,940.
and appropriations last year of $113,734,040.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL.. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 20.— Secretary
of Agriculture' Wilson is preparing- to en
force retaliatory measures against Ger
many. He is formulating regulations for
the exclusion of any products of that and
any-other country which are preserved
or in •which boracic acid ha3 been used.
. This is a direct result of a decree is^
sued by Emperor William prohibiting the
Importation of American meats upon
which boraclc acid has. been employed us
a preservative. . The Department of
Agriculture holds that boracic acid is 'not
injurious, and it is satisfied that the Ger
man action is due to the pressure of the
agrarian party.
As the Secretary pointed out in his
memorandum to the Department of State,
there ¦ are many articles of German ex
portation which this Government, can ex
clude for clean sanitary reasons. These
Include German wines, and German malt
liquors.
•Senator Cullom' of Illinois sent a letter
to the Secretary of . Agriculture to-day
asking: for information as to why • tho
German Government has suddenly deter
mined, to exclude, meats and what stepa
4 the department has taken to prevent the'
Mormon Singers Delight Students
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 20'—
The Utah excursion party arrived at the
university to-day and spent the after
noon in strolling around the campus. To
night the 150 picked singers from the
Mormon choir g-ave a complimentary con
cert in the Assembly Hall. The big hall
was crowded to the, doors with students,
faculty and visitors from neighboring
towns and • the singers were given a
hearty reception. The choir, under the
direction of Professor Evan Stephens,
rendered several patriotic and religious
selections. The solo work was done by
Robinson Graham, Miss Ferrln Mrs. Ed-,
wards and "Tot" Wllllapis and was par
ticularlypraiseworthy.' •*"*'. — - •
George McCabe, recruiting officer of the
labor vessel- Roderick Dhu, was another
victim. The cruise of the bark had been
fairly successful and without special in
cident until the island of Malayta "was
reached. Here it was decide dto land for
the purpose of obtaining a few recruits if
possible. Although no instances of treach
ery on the part of the natives were known
to the officers of the vessel, McCabe took
precautions against disaster of any kind.
In the boat commanded by McCabe were
a number of his trusted men, and another
of the ship's boats was in attendance to
cover the landing- of the party. No na
tives were seen on the island, but shortly
VICTORIA, B. C, March 20.— During
the month of Febreary the natives of the
islands of the South Seas gather on the
coast in large numbers, and the vessels
which go to recruit laborers bring home
many stories of treachery. This year is
no exception to the rule, and a number
of these stories were brought here by the
steamer Aorangi, which arrived this
morning from Australia, Suva and Hono
lulu. The ketch Venture while in Kadia.ll
Straits, a narrow and difficult passage,*
was attacked by natives, who attempted
to climb over the side. In the fight that
followed two members of the crew were
killed with spears by the natives.
One Vessel Loses Two
Sailors in South
United States Proposes
to Exclude German
Products. <
NATIVES ATTACK
CREWS OF SHIPS
KAISER INVITES
A RETALIATION
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 20.—
Secretary CD. McComish of the Stanford
debating committee has received a letter
from the University of Washington stat
ing that Will T. .Laube, president of the
Washington student body; Howard A.
Hanson, editor of the 19u3 annual, tne
"Tyee," mid Donald McDonald had been
chosen to represent Washington in the
intercollegiate debate with Stanford. The
cardinal team will be chosen at the in
tercollegiate finals next Wednesday night:
Debaters to Meet Stanford.
Another wreck of which news was re
ceived by the Aorahgi was that of the
schooner Prosperity, bound from New
castle to North Queensland. When off
Point Lookout, Stradbroke Island, the
man at the wheel drew the attention of
the mate to land ahead. The mate for
answer struck the man, and immediately
the schooner went i ashore. The crew,
with the exception of\ the mate, who
locked himself In the cabin, spent the
night In the ripping and swam ashore in
the morning. The mate and cook were
drowned. . . - • ¦ •
after the officer had landed and had. pro
ceeded some distance up' the beach he wai
suddenly fired upon from the rear by isl
anders concealed. in thick undergrowth.
McCabe was killed.- The ' murderers jm
.medlately fled inland "/and" escaped the
wrath of the crew.cf the Roderick- Dhu.
McCabe's body .-.was I recovered 'and ;' laier
buried at sea. ..'. z*f. '- : ¦.'¦¦¦¦ " • .-, -;
Thccaptaln of ore of the recrui tin's ves
sels adopted a novel, plan to get ..nafves
to enter into contracts with him. He pro
cured a phonograph, and. before leaving
Queensland had a native already engaged
on a plantation talk into it. telling of the
good time he was having. This was taken
to the native villages and turned loose.
The natives flocked to the recruiting ship.
The Danish Jbarkentine -Puck with .170
recruits on board ran ashore and was
wrecked. The recruits and crew were res
cued by the German steamer Meteor.
The estate -will be operated directly an3
not on the colony plan. The directors of
the company, who are the sole owners,
are Edward Leofric Temple. Dugald Scott
of Manchester. England. Ernest Scott of
Ncwcastle-on-Tyne and H. G. ilirifin of
Uangallen, Wales. Temple will reside in
California, while th» other directors will
r.isjce regular visits to this country.
The syndicate proposes to establish a.
tewn and build residences for ail its em
ployes. An army of men eventually will
be employed - on - thfo - rccch,- especially
•w hen the orchards come into bearing. It
is not proposed to import all the help
from England, although a large number
of families Will be engaged there.
Nurseries will be established and the
ranch •will t>e surrounded by trees — prob
ably pun trees, as they are excellent
wind breaks.
To-day's sale will be of vast benefit to
Ventura County. The syndicate proposes
lo make most important changes. The
price paid for the property is but a small
amount as compared to that which will
be expended during the next few years.
According- to E. L. Temple the land will
be devoted to lemons and walnuts. Be
tween IOoj and 2000 acres will be planted
to lemons, from S000 to 4000 acres will be
devoted to walnuts and the balance of the
iand to farming purposes. Work will be
commenced to develop more than B0<)
Inches of water to be used on the 2000
acres known as the mesa. More than
$50,000 will be expended on this water sys
tem.
Fferndng operations on the great rancho
"vail be continued for the present. Power
was retained lor a term of years a.s man
ager.
VENTURA. March 20.— Negotiations for
the purchase of the great Rancho Santa
Clara ecl Xcrte were completed "this
evening and the sale of this great farm
for more than J1,000,000 was consummated.
Just one year ago this mouth George C.
l'owers, the superintendent of the
rancho, taking advantage of a chance
opportunity, began these negotiations.
The men who became interested were
members of large English firms. Among
them were E. ±*. Temple and H. G. Min
liu, who have had tiie management of
the purchase. At diflerent times during
the past year these gentlemen have vis
ited Ventura and tne rancno; experts
have inspected rne lana. abstractors nave
epent weeks looking over the records ana
engineers and purveyor* have gone over
the property. The direct purcnaser of
the rancho is E. .L. Temple of New \ork,
who in turn has transferred it to the Cal
ifornia Farming 1 and Fruit Company,
limited, of Manchester, England.
¦tiaru-ho .banta Ciara. dol Norte has beers
owned by LjBopoUo Schiappa .fietra. long
a resident of Centura County. The orig
inal grajit cossisted ot UjOw acres and
¦was deeded by the Mexican Government
to Juan Sanchez. Tnis has been divided
among ditiereat heirs of the estate.
Power, during his management, has dis
posed cf about 12X> acres.
,- To-day's sale involves ~0<M acres of land
a::d all of tchiappa. Pietra's interest in
the Santa. Clara \\ ater and Irrigating
Company. The price paid is $1,113,880.
Sehiaj'pa Pietra retains his home piace
<;f Kuu acres.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
!Wlll Found a Town and Give Em
ployment to an Army of
Field and Orchard
Laborers.
Estate.
Pays More Than a Million
# Dollars for the Big
[.Before that official arrived Padilla had
escaped from his attendants and started
aci\-oa the desert in the cirection of Con
£ie_s. bearing that ne would perish, a
poti.e tooii inc trail after him. it finally
ied them to a-" house in Congress, where
Pudiua had barricaded himseii. The leader
of i ue posse unucvea for admittance. Pa
dilla opened thy dour a few . inches and
began firing with ¦ a revolver. ' | .The. posse
emptied its weapons in xccurn, without
eUfccL The noise brought tne Congress
Marshal, why j.ook up the right.- When
Padilla was (lr.al|y r captured he- had one
builet wound;' hi the wrut and another in
the abdomen. None of . the officers were
wounded. .- ¦ ; ¦ . :', . •:
PHOENIX, Ariz.,. March 20.— After a
desperate fight with Frank Padilla, ¦• a
craay Mexican, during which forty shots
were fired as a finish to a twenty-mile
chase over the desert, he was . lodged In
the Congress Jail last night Padilla left
Phoenix for Wickenburg,. on a north
bound train on Monday nighu On Tues
day morning he walked into that, town
with his head badly injured and said the
conductor had thrown him off. This -was
afterward found to be untrue. His
wounds were dressed, and, as they were
believed to be fatal, tne District Attorney
waa tent for to take his ante-mortem
statement.
Special. Dispatch' to The Call.
1 — «
SAN JOSE, March 20.— Tha South Atri
can; Variety Company, which has been
preying upon the grulUbie public of the
State for the past few weeks, struck a
good.thlncat Santa Clara last night. A
tree vaudeville performance fill*! Wld
ney's Hall and then Manager C --unwell
sold the people cheap Jewelry &ud ba4
cigars at exorbitant prices. A few prizes
in the shape oi money wew given away
to the tirst imr chasers. and then the
crowd began buying so fast that the man
ager ana nas assistants could hardly serve
tnem. The audience seemed hypnotized.
Those wno had money spent It freely and
those who had failed io bring enough cash
borrowed what they could. Never before
did money pour so. freely out of pockets
in the old mission, town. A bad 5-cent
cigar would bring Jo, and many people
paid $lo for a blank piece of paper. The
cheapest of worthless jewelry- sold for
the price of gold and diamonds. Many
persons lost $-0, others )15 and $10, while
those who dropped from, $5 down could
be counted by . the ' score. • The • promise
that bis prizes would be drawn was what
caused the investment, but the people of
Santa Clara are wiser and sadder to-day.
Fully $500 was taken out of the place by
the South African Variety Company.
Durihg the past few days other parts of
Santa Clara County have felt the magic
touch of the concern. Los Gatos citizens
parted with $1500 and Gilroy contributed
J600 to the actors. .
After each performance the troupe at
once departs for new fields.
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
Twice Wounded Before He Is
Taken Prisoner by His
Pursuer.?.
John Black, a waiter at the Union. Ho
tel, stated that he saw Garrett unpack
the box In question and remove some
soiled linen from the same. Garrett says
he knows nothing about the woman
Smith is alleged to have associated with.
He says the missing man was studious
and congenial and saved his money.
When asked if he had worked at the
Pleasanton Garrett said he served as
•waiter at two meals at that houss on
March 5. Asked as to the discrepancies
in the handwriting on the applications for
the money orders he answered that he
could offer no explanation. He admitted
he did not work at the Palace. He
claims he has no recollection of Arnold,
with whom he conversed at . the Palace
relative to Smith's disappearance on the
day preceding his departure for Nevada
City. -
I could not understand why Smith sent the
money order and consequently preserved the
letter. I was not to meet Smith on Friday. .1
deny the statements regarding my bad charac
ter and can refer to any place I ever worked.
I never mentioned to Smith about going to the
park.
Oarrett Denies Statement.
1 lent Smith *1 on the night of the 4th, re
ceiving a money order afterward. - I did tell
the people at 474 Hayes street that I was go-<
Ing to the Palace Hotel, but told no one I
was going to Montana. I informed the land
lady at 1065 Market of my experience in
being robbed two months ago at 1235 Market
street, and was particular about the lock. I
did not stay away all one night, but went to
work every morning at 5 o'clock.
I was at a hotel on Howard street waiting
to see the proprietor for a Job and while wait
ing picked up a paper and observed an ad-
Vcr<iE«inent for a waiter in the country, i
applied and that's how I came here, not flee
ing from the city. I took a box containing
my dirty clothes, but did not carry the same,
giving it to the baggageman with the trunk.
I heard of Smith's disappearance on Sunday,
tend being a warm 'friend of his I called at
his stopping place for particulars. I have
known Smith two- years, and we always went
out together when in San Francisco, but made
no dates of any kind with him. After leaving
the Hayes Valley restaurant I went .to the
Pleasanton Hotel, then to the Park Hotel, on
Turk street and then here.
I cane hero through th_e Hotel Gazette Em
ployment Bureau, arriving on Thursday, morn
ing. March lo. The last time I saw Smith was
on Tuesday evening, '. March 4. 1 going to the
Orpheum with him. I left him after the per
formance at Mason and Market streets. .1
called on him three times at S37 Bush street.
My Dear Sam: Not kno^vins v.-hen you will
call I thought I would return that loan, thank
ing you for the same. I • put away $15 this
month in addition to the seeon'<i installment
on the 2nG shares in that esg preserving con
cern. I took 1*0(1 sheres at CO cents each, pay
able mcnthlv. Hoping to see you soon. I am,
as eveiw; i IIEXRY.
Garrett's story is as follows:
Garrett Tells Eis Story.
NEVADA. Cal., March 20.— Recognized
through a photograph appearing In to
day's Call. Samuel A. Garrott was to
night found busily ongaged In catering to
the wants of patrons in the dining-room
at the New Union Hotel. When approach
ed by The Call's correspondent and
questioned regarding the disappearance
of Hal Smith at San Francisco, he readily
acknowledged his identity, freely admit
ting that the mystery was as deep to him
as to the police. While ctoscted with the
correspondent relating his story regard
ing the artair Bhentt Getchell learned of
the discovery and interviewed Oarrett.
After a long conversation w»tn "nun the
Sheriff said he thought the man tolu a
straight stoiy.
tiarrett was nervous and worked up
over the matter, and had on his Person a
letter addressed to Chief Wittman of San
Fracelsco in which he states that he read
the Story of suspicion against him in
Wednesday's Call, and was willing to tell
in full £.11 he knows and oiter himself to
the police. A letttr written by Smith to
Garrett inclosing a rrior.ey .order for 51
was produced, it is dated at the Palace
Hotel on March 7. Garrett says the
writing In the letter I» Smith's, •T'.itle
that on the envelope, which Is bolder in
cutSine. he does not believe is Smith's.
Garrf-tt cannot explain the apparent dis
crepancy. The letter in full is as fol
lows:
Tells an Apparently
Straight Story.
Friend of the Missing Man
Vaudeville "Stars" Dispose of
Cheap Jewelry at Exor
bitant Pricea •
LONDON, March 20/— A dispatch to the Times from Klerksdorp,' Transvaal Colony,
says that the Boers in the Westerly Transvaal \are v.'cll supplied with guns and ammunition
and have unlimited; support and a large b mount of stock; that their numbers give tliem confi
dence, while the blockhouse system has not yet been extended enough to alarm them. -What
is possible has been done, continues the correspondent, but owing to the insufficiency of
troops the British columns have been too small to cope with the Boer forces,"
which are all composed of fighting men \yithout any intention of surrendering.
WASHINGTON,' Marclr2O^RepresentativeVRyan of New York to-day handed to
President Roosevelt a. copy of "the resolutions adopted at. a -meeting held in Buffalo, March.
3, expressing sympathy with the Boers, and- calling on the Government of the United States
to put an end to the shipment of mules from New -Orleans, to South Africa. The President,
said he would give. them consideration.
"We desire to record our admiration of the magnificent stand the brave South Afri
can republics have made against- the colossal might of the British empire,- and to congratu
late the humane Boer leader Delarey on his recent; great victory;,, which not only covers
England '.with disgrace and ridicule, a result eminently gratifying to the rest of the civilized
world, but which must have a chastening effect on the jingoes of the greatest helot empire
the world has ever seen." * ..."..
CONDON, March 20.— The. fechng-in Ireland is \yeh, illustrated b)' a resolution now on
its way to Kruger ("cate of Queen Wilhelmina"), adopted yesterday by" the Edinderry"
(Kihjjs County) Guardians, an elective body, as follows: ,
English Syndicate Buys
Rancho Santa Ciara
Del Norte. ¦
SPLENDID
DOMAIN
HEW HANDS
Irish People Record Their Admiration of the Stand
Madman BarricadesHim
• self in a Cabin at
Congress. .¦ I
Prize Package Fakers
Reap a Golden
Harvest.
Declares Smith's Disap
pearance Is a Mys
tery to Him.
GUARDIANS OF EDINDERRY
PRAISE THE GALLANT BOERS
POSSE BATTLES
WITH A MANIAC
FIND THE SANTA
CLARANS "EASY"
GARRETT FOUND
IN NEVADA CITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;;;cA^Lv^F-BipA-Y,/:-'M!A:BCH-:'"2i, 1902;
3
ApVEHTISEBEEKTS.
INTENSESUFFERIN6
frcm Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble
Irstantly IWieved and Pcm&nrntly Cnr;d
by Etaart'a Dyspepsia Tablets.
A Ifoc Disscrcry, bit Not a Pitc^t Hodk ine.
Dr. Re<3»-e!l relate* an Interesting account of
«het he consifiers a rsraarkatjle case of acute
ftosnach trouble an<J chronic dyspepsia by the
use of the new discovery. Stuart's Dyepepsla
Tablet*.
"^ He fays: "The patient was a. man who had
eufTered. to ray knowledge, for years with dys-
p«p«!a. Everything: he tte «eem«l to «mjr and
create gases la the etcmach. He had palni ilk.
rbe«u=a.tUm In the back, shoulder bladM -^
limb., fullnes. and distrew after eaSn. wor
tppeUte and Iocs of flesh; the heart became
g 1 e °.^i ***** palpitation and BleepK".
••'fea^^ him powerful nerve tonics and blood
remedies, but to no purpose. As an experiment
X. finally bought a 60-cent package of
Jl fpepsla Tablets at a irug store and «avS
/Tif m to him. Almost Immediate relief veil
r riven, and after he had used four boxes he m!
to ail appearances fully currd.
"There was no more acidity or sour waterv
rlelnes, no blcatlns after meals, the # aDix>tH»
*-a« vigorous and ho has pained between 10 and
J2 pounds in -RPight of solid, healthy n>eh
-Although Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets' are
advertised and sold In drug stores, yet I con
elder them a tnoKt valuable addition to anr
physician's Jlne of remedies, as they are ner
>ct!y harmless and can be given to children or
Invalids or In any condition of the stomach
with perfect nafety. beins harmless and con
lalninG nothing but fruit and vegetable es-
*ewce#. pure pepsin and Golden Seal
"Without any question they are the safest
trout effective cure for Indigestion, biliousness'
constipation and all derangements of the stom-
ach, however ellcht or severe."
§VIM. VIGOR, MTAL5TY lor MEN
UORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tb«
worst cases In old and younj;
arming from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cifarette-smoltlng.. Cur* Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
ria. Pains la Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Kervous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry. Ixws of Bern en. g^^o. VarlcoceleorCou-
•tlpation, fitop Ner *J BD vous Twitching of
Kyellds. tffects are ZfZ, ,J~ m Immediate. Im-
*1gor and pote *» cnr " ncy to every funs-
lion. Don't *et despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Jteetore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain end nerve centers: 60c a box; 6 for
tZ SO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
tnoney refunded with « boxes. Circulars free.
BISHOP REMEDT CO., 40 Ellis sL.
*£an Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., SS
and 40 Third street. I
tTfii^ is +lie store" "for valoes== f^fe
In the above.few words is embodied the policy
¦ // rWJl/ or P r * nc !p' e w hich has made this store successful. «fpf||fl
/ ; e give va ' ues at 'all times : — in. season and out.' : |§ffi
We know- the .goods are values,' for. we make |ip||^^^r
¦/'i^BSlKfflfefflifci them ourselves and sell direct to you, thus elimin- Mmm&f
'V^li^HHiHPfiilo stincr thp miHHIpmflnV-nrhfits These nrnfite l§ ; Wm&P
¦It Jfevp %\mMi BBmtSuI ' l fi^S// J S dung trie iniuuiciiidii o piuiiLo. liicbc piuiiLo, t«^w Suli?
iJlPw .which would ordinarily go to the middleman, are "
i^^^^^^^, t y ° U WeTnow that we give values. " ||f|
WW/W$0W\ ~1tf$ll v^lilli?«il' We have men " s re.idy-to-we.n- Anoni the miny values in our
Wz&M?sM$ ¦**HS!f^i$llilr / suits at all prices, but as an ou> spring assortment .of fa hionable fe 5g
/ an d-cut value 1 we mention for your clolh - s . f °r boys and youths we m?n- W Xf-
fmmmSKm' particular interest ° ::r S9 - 00 suit - --h*S": JL i
Jlu IiIIIIIISm^ breasted styles in. tweeds,' cheviots, Remember, w> allow, exchanges or
if I I W I 'iflfnl \M lP§£\ serges and c'ays; the patterns are the alterations, or give money back to
H!nl 4 W^ latest spring productions. dissatisfied customers.
1 Si i il™l lit /•¦¦¦¦ ' The suits bear the union labe '~ Three-piece Suits A0%
mill lilff ifflillill/ ths stamp cf £° od workmanship. Made of a 1- wool tweed mixtures '|fj^lr\\
1 II liif IHu Illi! ) But in addition you get our personal in stripes and plaids; comprise coat. - v&Sly^^ '¦
; 1! I SI • Wl /IB!! i- .guarantee, which covers' .both 'ma er vest and knee pants; coat single or .
• 'iif lll\Illi rial and workmanship. ¦"• double breasted; >trorg, serviceable ¦
1 r 1 f fi ¦ i' ralSMH l • '" •'' ¦ clothes;- ages. 9, i_o 1 6: "ihe price '/iri^rl Sfefl^'n '
, !||j| \™|ii' • We aim to offer the best $9 suit $4,50 Ji^lil
'V^iliif; clothes ourselves' we put in good NOTIOIk StlltS W^'^T^?I%P/
• llH \\ fi /111 trimmings and all the other little ! Mad2 of 2 il woo j tweeds in ths
fSI \\ w/ISiii . niceties WHich go to make a suit atest 1902 e'e.-igns of plaids and i|S ¦ | ftj}:';//
WWm \ \ WlPi' st nd up well after being worn. checks; yoked and plaited front and \W^^t' / /'j
.' :,".,' ;.,.' : , ...... : .- •' / ¦¦ 7I8 Market Street ¦.',.- . - ' v___Betting Is Nearly Two :to One on : .the •"Clever ; Californian, Who. Has
y Showing -Excellent Form in- His Recent Engagements.
.: ,,New York Jack ; Is Picked to Defeat Rufe Turner
NEILL IS A STRONG FAVORITE
OVER RUBE FERNS, THE BOXER
\ WELTER - WEIGHT BOXERS
WHO WILL MEET TO-NIGHT
. .:¦ I1J WOODWARD'S PAVILION.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Thursday. March :». -Weather cloudy. Track slow.
34O7. FIRST RACE — Six furtonss; celling: three-yeer-olds and up; to first. $323. ..'>•''
I I • ~~ ~ Bcttins.
IndexfHorse. Are. Weight. St. - *i. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl. .
S4S0 KHldoe. 3.. BT 7 1 h 12 12 12 B. Schrelber Jackson 2 "~2
13425 Ned Dennis, 5.. ..110 8 3 1 4 Vi 2 »i 2 1 Piedmont Stable.. Birkrth « 8
3452 Loyal S. 4 110 2 2 2 2 1 Si 3 2 V*. Gilbert Conley 12 15
3432 Berendoo. 4 108 ft 5 V, 8^4 4 V. 4 :j Liberty Stable. ..Foucon 10 10
ICSO Sliver Fizz.' 5 103|12 112 61 52 52 P. Corrlgaa-.. Matthews - (i f
S422 Legal Maxim. C..905 91 92 6163 ill. L. Jones L. Daly 15 20
r.425 Panamint, 6 113 10 61 5^71 71 J. Creely See 10 25
(28IC) Nannie JColan. 4.. 107! 6 71 31 82 81 D. S. Fountain Prior "5 S
.-.«:{ Mont. Peeress. 3.. Ml 12 10 1 » 1- 9 J. Coffey J. Daly 10 15
.T2OI Bagdad. 5 110 3 8 1 7 1 10 1 10 >i H. L. Haskell-Winslette 30 .- CO
rsiTO Clarando. 6 lOSjll 10 «4 12 11 2 11 2 K. M. Borchert Hoar K 20
«2CT.Q); George Clark, 3.. flSj 4 4 h 11 2 12 12 T. Fcx Ransch 15 . 50
Time— >,4. :25: H. :51; %, 1:17. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.- Win"
ner. B. Schreiber's b. g. by Foul Shot-Dulcie LarcnGie. Kllldoe ha-3 the speed and got away
from the jam. Silver Fizx had a stormy trip. So did Xannie Xclan.
34Cg. SECON'D RACE — Five and a half furlongs: telling; three- jcar-clds: to Bret,' $325. ,
Index jHoree and Weight. St. 14. %. Sir. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Qp? tUl Cl.
13231 ;Uoyal Rogue 114 1 2 C 2 5 2 10 1 ns J. C. Nealon Ransch 7-10 11-20
S>52 Laesct L*nsdon..ll7 2 12 11 1 4 2 12 C. Lind Matthews 6 10 '
?AZH iDwight Way .114 7 3 3 3 2 3 3 3 4 V. Gilbert Conley 10 10
:;23f. IChandoo 117 6 71 73 51.41 T. H. Stevens... Troxler 8 12
CVW5)|Derby Winner.. ..119 5 « H 4 H 4 (4 52 W. Ketcheman. .Jackson 5. 10
::?09 jCathello 112 4 61 62 62 62 Clayton & C0...L. Daly 10 80
."227 iClaudator 114 3 6 1 5 h- 7 6 7 10 Elmwood Farm. .Birkrth 10 •¦ 20
SiiZ iFlattered 112 8 8 8 8 8 F. D. Weir Hoar 40 100
Time — I*. :25: >4, :5Oi4; o^r. 1:09. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner J C~
rvealon'E eh. g. by Rey del Sierras -Jessie R. Rogue best, but Ransch v.-anted to draw a
fine finish and did. Chandoo acted badly at post. Cathello no cpetd. Claudator cut off on
backrtretch. Scratched— El Chihuahua 117.
34C0. THIRD RACE— Three and a. half furlongs; Belling: two-year-olds; to first, $325.
ln1ex[Hor*e and Wcisht. St. %. "5;. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O*p? tUl ciV
-;¦• 'Alscno 116 2 ... lh 2 1 lh Burr.s & Waterhs..Turnr 1 9.10
O43fi) Oro Viva 118 3 ... 8 1 In 2 5 Summers & Co.. .Birkrth 6-^ 21-5
(8438) Dcnami 11S5 ... 5 10 4 3 3h Montana Stable... Hoar 10 "0
3«fi Delsegno 118 1 ... 2 V, 3 2 4 8 Chlnn & Forsythe.-Conly 6-2 3
2252 Mcntesuma 118 4 ... 4 % 6 13 5 12 Capp & Long.... .Stuart n 0 60
'Trim 115 6 ... 6 « 6 El Prlroero StablcTullet 30 100
Time— 1,4, :25i4 ; S^f. :44. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Water
house's eh. *r. by Altarr.ax-Sonomls. Turner outrode Birkenruth. Weight anchored Del
segno. Ecratched — Lizzie Rice 115. , .*
3470. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds ar.d up; to first $325
IlndexJHorsc. Age. Weight. St. '/,. %. Etr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. O^?"'"^'.
M-a IDuckoy. 5 104 4 3 1 2 n 1 H 1 «4 G. B. Morris. f. .Jackson *Tb Fi
S44.> {February. & 101 8 5'h 45 2% 2 Ui J. S. Gibson Stuart in 4-
T454 School Scandal. 4.102 2 2 1 3 1 3 1 3 n J. S Weber ~ Ransch ? i« 2 s
3381 Jerld. 6 1C2I 7 6 3 6 1 4h 4 1 F. O'Kane. ...Blrkenruth 8 19 {s
S423 [Botany. 3 1C0 3 14 11 61 65 E. E. Edwards. H^ar n U
R291 i Afghan, a 11«| 1 85,02 6 1 6 1 W. H. Ketcheman Turnr 1ft I
2W4 (Golden Cottage. 3.100! 6 72/8 10 74 75 C. J? Foj '. T. L Da?v 10 oS
S40S .Quadra. 3 .../... 921 5 4 \J 7 1 8 15 8 20 Curl & Co. . V.V. k?app 20 SO
?56g lArlon. < lOOJ fl 9 9 9 0 Liberty Stable... Duggan 300 30!)
» T1 «-*~ U - : Z il M 1: J 6 - GooA BtRrt - a » Second and third drlvinff
5£?5;i C: '- a "S??^ S - by Brutus- Decoy Duck. Winner hard pressed last quarts"
V. ith riders reversed February would have won. Botany quit. Cottage not ready Quadra
ran poorly. Ecratched— John Peters 97. . '" vuaara
3471. FIFTH RACE — 1 1-16 rr.iles; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325 '
Indes|Kcrse. Age. Wdght-JSt \j. U,. fitr. Fin.' Owner and Jockey. o£*&c!i'£,
(341S)iHortcn. 6 lioi 3 3% 4 2 3 h 1 ns J. McGovern Ransch "~R~^ Z
3453 Uim Hale. 4 1CS 1 1 \V S 1 1 11 2 1% W L Stanfiefd' fVSZm f'« o i
Dick. 4....10S 2 2% 2 1 2>4 3:: L." V - Bell.. BiVkenruth 1'% I'r
S447 JMacGyle. 5 107 5 4 1 3n 4 10 4 10 - Elmwood Farm Hoir 4 i
S435 jGalanthus. 4 .....108 4 5 5 5 5 |j. Cottey .. .!?1'. j ac "£n S - 15
Time— 14. :25\4: %. =52%; %, 1:17: m. 1:44; 1 1-lCm. 1:50. Good start Won rtr«t ?»,,."
driving. Winner. J. JicGovern's ch. h. by El Rayo-Fuslllade'e LaV Foiicon wu » LI
Black Dick, when Ran.cn on Horton sneaked up on the rail. Black Dick ga"e^t ud
the stretch. MacGyle also stopped. 6 e ;*• U P m
S*72. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; Eelllng; three-year-olds and^^T^flrst. t325~^ >r * > '
IcdcxfHorse. Age. Welght-jSt. %. %. Str. -Fin. ¦ Owner and Jockey. Op?- Ul <?l'.
2442 iQu'.et. 3 101 7 61 41 3% 11 W B Jennings L Dalv « 7'"
?iO16 Mies Mae Day. 5..112 2 In lh lh 22 W W Ell lott ' TroxUr « ™
8i61 IJoha Boggs. 5....110 9 8% 82 5h 3n J. S Gibson .V " HowVon 20 To
3154 Bemota. 4 107 4 51 3n 4%4h Burns' &^ Watrhi R^wch fi %
S449 Ada X. 4 ........103 6 92 91. 72 5% Antrim Stable Matthew. a ,S
Sa33 Colonial Girl. 3..104 10 7h 6% 6 1 6 2 \V M Rogeri 1 Jactara 5 11^
(3<60) Dolly Weithoft. 6.110 3 31 21 2h 72 D Lees FoucoS R I
?All St. PhilUpina. 3.. 98 1 2 1 6 1 8 1 8 1 W. O'B Macd'nih B^rk « I
¦ S418 Educate. 4 105 5 4h 72 9 1 9 1 W J Cotton Hoar <& J
344t» Parelfal, 4 110 8 10 3 10 1 10 1 10 1 J. D "Fitzgerald ' Conlev tft £ !
3«0 Marshal Neil. 4. .110 12 12 12 11 11 4 R. A ' Smith stSart ?n H
8443 jOur Lizzie, a 116 U 11 11 12 12 W. H. Ketcheman. T^rar 10 \l '
Tlrne—y,. :25; %. :60%; «4. 1:16. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner W n :
Jennings' ch c by Goldflnch-Silence. Quiet seemed possessed of ail colors of splld L«i
came trom far back. Bernota ran a nice race. Colonial Girl away badly. St Phil Hpfna
TEIES OALIj'S -ZIj^OTPZGc FOEM CHART.
LONDON. March 20.— Ogden- S (Limited)
as the local representative of the Ameri
can Tobacco Company to-day gave notice
of their Intention to give their entire net
prcfit ar.d £::0.\CO0 jeaily for the next fcur
ytuns as a bonus to their customers.
The American Tobacco Company'3 bo
nus scheme is the sensation of the day In
the tobacco world of Great Britain. "Un
paralleled"," "stupendous," "air.a:lng" are
a few of the adjectives cpplied to this
bombshell. The anti-monopoly role es
eumed by the American side has brought
them the adherence of a number of in
fluential retaUere, who were opposed to
the Imperial Tobacco Company's boycott,
and already ona firm owning many stores
in the metropolis has posted notices of its
refusal to exclude American goods.
As cabled from London March 18, the
Imperial Tobacco Company (the British
tobacco combine) had issued a eircu'.ur
offering large bonuses to its customers
who would undertake not to sell Ameri
can poods for a term of years. This Is
the American reply to tRe Imperial To
bacco. ' Company's attempt to boycott
American goods.
In a circular Ogdcn's (Limited) point
cut that the Imperial Tobacco Company's
offer to distribute a bonus amounting tj
LiA ,000 cannot be compared with the bonu-3
the retailers v/ill rective if they continue
to trade with the American amalgama
tion.
Ojrden's (Limited) to-day sent out 10,003
i telegrams from their Liverpool headquar
ters carrying the announcement of their
offer to every tobacco tradesman in Eng
land. The fact that Ogdc-n's business In
1900 amounted to nearly £9GS,000 indicates
the enormity cf the sum that Is expected
to be expended in bonuses. The London
tobacconists immediately called a meet
ing, for to-morrow to consider their future
action.
RESULTS OF THURSDAY'S RSCIIG IT OAKLAND TRACK
SAN JOSE, March 20.— Riding a bicycle
| upside down on a loop Xhirty feet in clr
j cumference Is what "Bunt" Smith, Hardy
I Downing and E. . A: Russell, well-known
cyclists of thi3 city, are. attempting to
master. It Is a sort of 'looping the loop"
en a bicycle, and a $2900 salary for a two
weeks' engagement with a show in San
Francisco Is the incentive that prompts
the cyclers to risk their.- lives. Hardy
13owning:, who Is the more daring of the
'men, is to do the riding. A good-sized
j model of the arrangement has been con-
I structed in the Hose Carnival Pavilion
and it works perfectly.
The struciuie is aoout 300 feet long.
From a heijjnt of, forty-eeven feet the
J rider starts down an incline of about
i forty-live degrees uniil he reaches the
loop. The velocity wiUi which the rider
1 is iroing carries him around Inside the
¦ ioop, \rhlch is thirty teet in circumfer
i ence. In the journey the rider makes- a
complete circle in the air. From the loop
j the rldtr is carried off on a gradual rise
j until the velocity of the wheel has spent
itself and the rider alights. The wneel
v.'orks in- a groove about one foot wide.
In vhe bottom cf the groove is a slot in
; which works a shaft with Inside
' the slot attached to the wheel to keep it
j In an upright position. The whole con
. trivance Is very strongly constructed and
I holds the wheel perfectly in position,
! In the experiments a .weighted bicycle
j has been used, but as the ordinary bicycle
I has not proved strong enough, a machine
! that is capable of carrying- half a ton is
| beins constructed. A dummy will at first
j ride the v/heel and, if the wheel makes
i the trip successfully. Downing will try if
1 The great speed of the machine, the .in
' venters figure, will keep the rider in the
saddle of the wheel when the machine Is
upside down, on -the principle that a
bucketful of water can be swung around
in tho air v.-lthout any of it being spilled.
Machine.
Must Turn Complete Circle
in the Air on Ordinary ;
tcmers.
Immense Sums of Money to
Be Given to the. Cus-
San Jose Riders Will
Attempt to^'Loop the
Loop" Awheel.
Extraordinary. Bonus Of
fered by American
Company.
TABACCO MEN
AMAZE BRITAIN
CYCLIST PLAN
FEAT OF DARING
. v CAPE TOWN,. March : 20.— Cecil :. Rhode3
passed a better; night. He ' slept : more
than : for- some time past/Consequently
Rhodes' ; Condition * Improves.
\ You^Can Beat the Baces.
; - Man'nie's Turf . Company's \* three-horse'
specials : are winning .'thousands 'of . dollars
daily for their 'clients. -Last' week -their
record was ¦ flf teen out of eighteen win
ners. 30 Post street. , • - • .
Lee Jackson and Ransch each rode a
pair of winners yesterday. - *¦¦•¦
Alsono received his kindergarten train
ing under the watchful eye of Ben TinV-
Nash Turner will leave for Memphis on
Sunday night While at that meeting he
will ride for Sam Hildreth and will Have
the^niount on McChesney in the Memphis
Larry JDafy Is disjUayinr so much im
provement in the saddle that his brother
Johnny will have to hustle to keep p a^e
with . him." £fEt£2£0BMBBR9Haf(flB9BiB*\ ,~X
Track Notes.
LONDON, March 2O.-The United States '
Embassador, ' ; Joseph . H. Choate, says :
there is? no :truth in the' report published
by r a- news, agency in the United States
that a man named Griffiths/alleged to be
Irresponsible for. his : actions and carry
ing a revolver, with which It was assert- ¦
ed h« intended . to ; shoot the Embassador !
called at the United States Embassy here !
to-day and * handed in a package . marked
"confidential" - : and "urgent," purporting
to contain ;. documentary proof that the
British Government : was ¦ implicated in
the blowing: up of the United -States bat
tleship Maine in Havana harbor Feb- I
ruary; 15, 1$S8. J
Embassador ,Choate Denies Story.
First 'race, ' seven 1 furlongs — Chorus Boy won,
Boot second, The Messenger third. .• Time,
1*2$^4. ... - . ¦¦ ; .* ..'-''. ¦ Vt *
Second race, handicap,: one mile and a quar
ter Woodtrlce-won, Jessie Jarboe second. Lin
den Ella third/: Time. 2:08%. . \ ¦¦ t, J ; 
- ¦- Third race, seven furlongs, -. selling — Four
Leaf C - won, Tragedy second, : Sim ; W . third.'
- Fourth race. Flight ¦ stakes; 5 sir furlongs—
Death won, . Maggie. = Davis -¦ second, Barbara
Freltchie: third. Time. 1:13. ;. ' ;.
Fifth race, ', gentlemen riders, one ; mile and
seventy yards — Sam Lazarus .won, .^Chancery
, second.. HarveB third.' Time.' 1:51 %..:¦ ~ > .¦
Sixth race.cne mile and; a sixteenth,: selling
—Banish won. ida.Ledford secpnd. Van Hoore
bek* third. Time. 1:48. \ ' ' . :
i.- Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling — Lady
Wadsworth'' won, Bertha " Nell - second, "> Icon
third. Time, 1:28. . . y. ¦. - • . :
NfiW ORLEANS, March 20.— Results :
New Orleans Bacing.
Selections for To-Day.
First race^Lana, El. Pilar,; Meteoro..
Second racft-rNigrotte; Gulda. Tom Mitchell.
Third racfrr-Lento, Mistleton, Rasp. , ; . ;
- Fourth 'race— Rubus.' Mildred . Schultz, Lem
uel/ . ¦'-";¦¦' ;; ;- ' " ; v*; ;••'-•: -_•••,¦•'•'¦.'-'¦ ¦ -
¦ Fifth race — Lady; Meddlesome," Constable,
Essence. .- ¦ • ' /;. . ..- - ,.".-.. ; .,.'
- , Sixth race — Valencienne, Canderos, Pupil. *j
Shot gelding in front almost from the
i'^K* 61 } 111 * nome two lengths ahead o?
«n e i d s h% n ?n S tge 10 s h°ow. 8hOt - * agafn'
Ransch would do well to cut out draw
ing close finishes. He nearly lost the sec
ond race with the favorite, Royal Rogue
through overconfidence. Permitting ¦ j*
Matthews, on Lass of Langdo™to make
the pace, with his own mount well in
hand. Ransch had to sit down and ride
hard at the end. to wfh by a head Con lev
on Dwight Way ran third. • Conle y ;
There was an entire absence of mud and
Duckoy had a- ticklish time of it captur
ing the six furlong sprint, for which he
was one of nine entries. A 6 to 5 favorite
Jackson rode him hard from the stretch
turn, then downing February., a » to 1 ;
shot, less than a length. School for Scan
dal took the show from Jerid in a drive
For the closing six furlong selling af
fair Colonial Girl, also piloted bv Jackson
ruled a pronounced choice. Away In thp
rear of the big bunch at the star" she
was at no stage a contender. Quiet with
J. Daly. In the saddle and 6 to 1 in the
betting, overhauled. Miss Mae Day in th*
run home, scoring by. a length.- •
did Alsono, a strapping youngster
owned by Burns & .Waterhouse and a
etarter In the two-year-old scramble. Re
port had the eon of Altamax doing all
tsorts of funny stunts before ' breakfast
over at Ingleside track and the keen
eyed marksmen .shot 6 to 5 all to pieces.
r ihe good thing went throqgh, but Nash
Turner % ls entitled to all credit for it.
Oro Viva had the "green one" all out at
the paddock, when Birkenruth made the
mistake of drawing his whip. His mount
twerved and Turner handrtding. Alsono
and holding him well together, got the
verdict by a head. Weight- told on Del
segno, for ha was beaten several lengths
for the show by Donaml, the Montana
Stable entry.
"Doc" Foucon got all the blame for, the
defeat of Jim Hale by Horton in the mile
and a sixteenth event, and possibly he
deserved ceneure. At post time there was
little choice in the betting between Black
Dick and Foucon' s mount, each being
quoted at 9 to 5. Off weir at the start
Koucon skipped away in the. lead with
Dick the closest contender. Turning into
the etretch , the latter began >tlrlr.g and
Hale, drawing away, looked'-a certain
winner. Foucon, In elancing back at the
black horse, did not perceive J. Ransch
eiieaking up on the rail- until too late,
when he was beaten out a nose. Even If
Jt was the rider's fault It was one of
those oversights that happen to the best
cf them. ¦'.-.¦'•
¦ Killdce. the Schrelber entry., carrying
1.6 i ounces and a 2 to r favorite.- defeated
a to!*? bunch of sprinters in th«» first e\*ent,
k. six furlong run. Jackson had the Foul
OF the four straight favorites that
won off the reel at Oakland yes
terday none kept the water seeth
ing ar.d bubbling and steaming a3
ROME, March 20.— Monsignor Sbarretti,
the Papal delegate to the Philippines, who
is on his way to the islands, will make a
brief stop at Washington in order to" con
sult with the United • States Government
In connection with Philippine affairs The
story that he is taking with him a Papal
bull providing for the re-establishment of
a hierarchy is authoritatively denied The
Vatican authorities intended to hold the
matter in abeyance until the situation in
the Philippines becomes more settled It
is the Vatican's desire to finally ad'just
matters in the archipelago In accordance
with- American views and Interests
Therefore it has been decided- to appoint
no more, Spaniards among the' new Bish
ops.: As a rule of this decision Monsignor
Nozaleda, Archbishop of -Manila now
here, has tendered his resignation and
will proceed to Spain, where he will here
after reside.
Vatican Desires to Adjust Philippine
. Matters, in Accordance With
American < Views.
NO MOBE SPANIABDS
AMONG NEW BISHOPS
•. VICTORIA, B. C, March . 20. — The
steamer Aorangi, arriving to-day, brought
news from .Noumea ¦ of a" tribal war on
Santa, Maria Island. The recruiting ship
ketch Marie Henry, which; had reached
the New Caledonian port from the island,
reported that the two parties, on the
island were engaged in a fierce strife. • ,
The ketch; had gone to the Island. to se
cure recruits. . She found that the village
off which she anchored was deserted, the
villagers having marched across the jun
gle to attack the village of the opposing
tribe on the other side of the island. At
nightfall they - returned and' tho ketch's
¦company learned that a bloody fight had
taken place at the attacked village, which
was. strenuously defended by its people.
.There had been heavy loss of. life, some
prisoners were taken and: a; number, of
heads : of the' unfortunate "natives were
brought 'back, by the attacking party,
who had - decapitated • the :*" wounded' of
.their.' enemy before they retired on find
ing that ; the village* could 'not be. taken.
Some of the prisoners were ~ afterward
killed and iUwas understood- by those on
. board. th.e. ketch that they, were eaten.
.The ketch resumed v her voyage ". next
morning,' when It was expected there was
• to: be another attack on the village which
the day before; had fought off its assail-
! ants: with; heavy loss. - V
War Party Bepulsed in Attack on
• the Village i -of Another
: ;;*.S. Tribe.
SANTA MAB-IA ISLAND
':':';: : i natives in battle
VICTORIA, B. C.r; March, 20.— News
was brought by\ the Aorangi, which
reached port to-day, that the' British
Governm'ent had annexed another island
.In .'the South Seas.V The latest "grab". of
John Bull is Ocean Island. • This island,
which, if is said, had been under the pro
tection of the British flag, was -formally
annexed during the last cruise of
H. M. -S. Pylades of the Australian
squadron. ',
.-.The vessel, had returned to Sydney
.shortly before the" Aorangi left there on
February 24, en route to Victoria, and the
commander of the. warship announced to
the press of the Australian port that he
had- landed ; at Ocean Island and planted
: the/British flag there. A flagpole, had
been raised, and," as a guard of honor pre
sented . arms, '• he had raised the union
jack and formally claimed the island on
/behalf of King. Edward VII. '.-;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Gommander of Cruiser
Py lades". Plants .the
:'L- Union Jack.
CHICAGO, March 20.-Knightr-ood
flowered In Chicago to-day with all the
pomp and panoply that mark the broth
erhood of chivalry and secret vows. It
was the day that had been set apart as
one of jubilee for all. Knights of Pythias
in the Supreme domain, and 60,000 mem
bers of the order were In attendance.
All suprenre and grand officers who had
been. able to reach town I < time were
entertained at luncheon by Grand Chan
cellor Charles E. Cushman, in the Grand
Central Hotel. Thero were seventy-five
present. ; „ »
This evening there was a parado of
many lodges, the march route, lying be
tween the Masonic Temple and the Col
iseum. The programme began with rit
ualistic bestowal of new honors upon
the' candidate of the Milwaukee ledge
team, Governor Lafolette, who was es
corted into the crowded hall antld
cheers. These rites were followed by
music from the band and a quartet and
addresses. The spectacle at the Col
iseum did not come to an end until far
into ; the : night. - To-morrow the visiting
Knights will attend various informal en
tertainments planned for them by many
of the local lodges and will -return to
their homes Saturday.
Participate in a Number of
Ceremonies. \
rif ty Thousand Members of the Order
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
CELEBBATE IN CHICAGO
ENGLAND GRABS
ANOTHER ISLAM
The Market-street Railway Company
must pay Margaret Cody $750 damages
for the injuries she received through the
sudden starting of a cable car. A lurv
in Judge Hunt's court gave her a verdict
for that sum yesterday.
Mrs. Cody Gets Damages.
Auto Club Bun Through Park.
-.This evening .there will be a moonlight
run, Of the Automobile Club of California
through Golden Gate Park' to the ocean
beach.. The members, of the club have
been notified to assemble at the corner
of Golden Gate and "Van Nes3 avenues
at 7:30 p. m. sharp. J. O. O'Bryan will
act,-' as captain of the -run. which will he
the first made by the club through the
park. On the return the run will be dis
banded before reaching the city to afford
those who desire to take a trip through
the Presidio reservation an opportunity to
do so. " : >.v " w: .."-. :: '-
St. Stephen's Sacred Services.
At St. Stephen's Church, on Fulton
street, a service in commemoration at th»
passion of our most sacred Redeemer was
held last evening. An excellent musical
programme was given with the service.
The church was filled with an Interested
congregation. The following was the or
der of services: i*.*(^i$>2 ''-jV--. KiZ ¦'
Violin and organ. '• prelude from the "Messa
Solennelle" (Gouood): processional hymn 90,
"Ail Glory. Laud and Hon6r" (M. Tesehnerj.
seventeenth century; litany (choral, ferial use);
aria. "Hear Te, Israel" (Elijah) (Mendels
sohn), lesson from the passion of our Lord
The Crucifixion: chorus, A'God So Loved
the "World" (Crucifixion) (Sir J. Stainer)-.
organ. "Ave Maria" (M. Enrlco> Bossl): rec?#"
tative and aria. "Te E«ople. Rend Your
Hearts." "If "With All Your Hearts" (Elijah)
(Menhelssohn). lesson from the passion of our
Lord — The Death and Piercing: hymn Oft
"Behold the Lamb of God" <J. B. Dykes)
motet, "Gallia" (Gounod); offertory (violin and
organ). Arioso in D. Op. 8 (Marcello Rossi):
recessional hymn. 339. "In the Cross of Christ
I Glory" (J. Conkey).
- The application of the San Francisco
Athletic Club for the May permit was laid
over for one week.
The Supervisors' Police Committee rec
ommended at its meeting yesterday that
the boxing permit for April be granted to
the Yosemite Club. The Twentieth Cen
tury Club withdrew its application for the
May permit on Information that the Jeff
ries-Fitzsimmons fight goes to Los An
geles.
The committee decided not to recognize
the Bay City Athletic Club in requests for
permits until it had secured reinstatement
in the Pacific Amateur Association.
Yosemite Club Gets a Permit.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 20.—
Coaoh Charles Jay Swindells of the varsity
baseball nine has been signed as catcher
for this season ¦ by the Tacoma team of
the Pacific Northwestern League. Swin
dells is a senior in the Department of
Law. He will leave college immediately
after the last intercollegiate game. Ho
has played on the Los Angeles. Spokane
and Oakland teams. .Jay Andrews of Buf
falo will captain the Tacoma- nine. Sev
eral California league players will be seen
on tho northern diamond.
Swindells to Flay in Tacoma.
Simon II won "the Union Jack stakes;
Cheiro, ridden by - Henry Spencer, the
American jockey, camrs in second, and
Morganatic (Martin) third. This was the
first race In . England in which Spencer
has had a mount.
The Molyneux stakes went to the
Golden Wings' colt, ridden by "Skeets"
Martin.
¦LONDON, March 2*.-The American
jockeys started at the Liverpool spring
meeting to-day with some- display of their
old form. They took the first two races.
The initial event, a private sweepstakes,
was won by Olivia, on which Maher had
the mount.
Jockeys Maher and Martin Win.
Fifth • race— Mile and fifty yards; selling;
three-year-olds and upward :..."¦- : . ;; ¦'¦'--
3457 Free Lance... 116 3459 Limelight ....107
3459 Grd. Sachem. 107 3426 Nilgai; ..... ..109
JJ3B2 Constable .... 09 344rirate;: ...... .103
3462 El Mido......l09 3458 Einstein .:.. .111
3452 Essence ......107 (3450)Ldy Medd'sm.107
8422 Hungarian ...109 . ;
' Sixth race— Futurity course; ¦ selling; | three
year-olds and upward: • . ¦. •
3413 Pupil ........105 3064 Fondo •'.:' 101
8246 Canderos 110 3450 Bonltary ......99
3180 Mallakwa ....1CS 3413 Cath." Bravo.., 99
3244 Valenclenne ..108 3432 Skip Me. . . . ;. 99
2850 Lief Prince.. .104 3301 Loving Cup... 108
3436 The Fiddler. ..101 3259 Bogus Bill.... 110
.'. Fourth race— Six furlongs; ¦ eelllng; three
(3348)Mlld. Schultz.112 3455 Syce .'....... .109
3211 Rubus . ..112 343S Estado ' 117
2255 E. M.Brattaln:114 3455 Baldo ........ 109
3432 Rubino .114 3455 Snowberry . ..112
34fiO Larrv Wilt.. .117 3359 Dawgon .', 109
3443 Lemuel ......112. 3443 Pirate Ma!d...lO7
Third race— Mile and fifty yards; ; selling;:
three- year-olds and upward : . ¦ •....•¦'
34'>'> Invictus ...Y.. 103 3455 Lento .¦ 08
3445 Elmer t..: . . ..10<' .... Mletleton . . ..112
3111 Melkarth.;....107 3421 Har.Thatchr.109
Straggler- ....107 3441 Windward ...112
3466 Senator Matts. 109 3421 Jim McCleevy.UO
3445 Billy Lyons.. 105 3455 Rasp ........ .105
Second race— Four furlongs; Belling; two
year-olds: ...... ,
(3433)NM(rrette 10:l l 3W3 Gulda 101
S2B2 D Snay 101 3427 Escarola .....100
S461 Ray of Silver. 105 3456 Clarlnette ... . . 101
3115 Tom Mitchell. 10D
AL NEILL has been Installed a 10^
to 6M favorite in his : fight': to-,
night before the Hayes Valley.
Athletic Club in Pa
. vilion with Jim. Ferns, the Kan- ;
sas "Rube." The . Calif ornian welter
weight has shown high class form in all
his fights for some time past. 'He is ap-.
parently in better trim than ever before, ¦
although his engagements have been com
ing in rather rapid succession for several
months. His defeat of Tommy Tracey, in {
mons arid was fit and ready, as are all of
the horses sent to the post by the. veteran
Following are the entries' for this after
noon's events: . , . ..- ,. . "_ .. . .,..-. .* •
First race — Five furlongs: Belling:, maiden
three- year-olds: . . . - •
.... Headstrong ..114 ElPUar 117
.... Flitting 112 3209 Meteoro •••••1}2
3299 Tibs ...117 .... Axmlnster ...117
3431 Baltest .......114 31fi2 Geo. Whltney.117
3299 Knocking* ...117 3431 Yrsula .......11.
3395 Lana. ...: 112 3188 R, Bonner 11.114
Portland and the latter* s subsequent vic
tory over Ferns have had a tendency to
lead bettors away from the man from
Kansas. Ferns has complained long and
loudly over the Portland.decislon. He has
stated he would show the ring followers
his true form and would let them judge
of his ability as compared with that of
Tracey. - - .
Both men have done a lot of outdoor
work and show every indication of being
fit for a severe contest.
• Jack O'Brien is a 10 to 7 favorite over
there is a distinct Improvement in his
condition to-day. His physicians have
promised that If possible he shall sail for
England next week.
Beatty alleged he was the owner of the
pavilion until the night of March 16. when
he was forcibly dispossessed by Peel and
an armed following, , who had since re
tained possession. The Interior of the pa
.vilion was fitted up for a circus, and to
change it for a prizefight would, it was
alleged, cause Irreparable injury to the
building. -- ¦ •
The Judge ordered the petitioner to
show cause why tho injunction should ba
issued, and the. attorneys. were heard dur
ing the afternoon.
After Francoeur had been heard for the
petitioner Colonel Choynski, on behalf of
the club, made a general denial of the al
legations in the complaint. He pointed
out, that the interior had already been
transformed for the prizefight, and the
club could not be enjoined from doing a
thing which was already done. It had al
ready been decided that the proper way
to stop a prizefight was by warrant from
'the Police Courts, and not by injunction.
The pavilion had been utilized for years
for prizefights, and he ridiculed the idea
of irreparable injury being done to the
building.
T. J. on behalf, of Peel fol
lowed on the same lines. Judge Cook de
nied the writ.
The preliminary will be between "Cy
clone" Kelly and Hawley. Manager Mor
ris Levy says he will have them in the
ring at S:30. The programme will be a
long one if the fights go the limit.
E. J. Smith of Oakland will referee the
Neill-Ferns affair, and Jim McDevitt, the
tlub s referee, will act In the other two
bouts.
- Henry N. Beatty by his attorneys, H.
W. Sanderson and George F. Francoeur,
applied to Judge\Cook yesterday morning:
for- a writ of injunction restraining the
ciub from holding the fights . to-night in
Woodward's Pavilion. Thomas S. Hulvey
and W. B. Peel were made partiss to the
suit. -j,r,.;
Rufe Turner. The latter has not been
seen in action here for a long time. Per
sons who have seen him perform recently
in Stockton speak highly of his present
form.
Condemn Association Resolutions.
, At ~ a meetfnir b€ld !ast night the Build
ing Trades Council adopted the following
resolutions:
j Whereas, a coterie 'of - men -who hold mein
ocrsnlp tn-tfce Bunders' Froteetlva Association
nas passed resolution* detrimental to th»
bulidins Industry and to thla council: and
Whereas. This same class of employers h*»
on several previous occasion^ endeavored to in
jure the work of this council; therefore be it
Resolved. That w« condemn the action at
tributed ' to the Builders' Protective Associa
tion and brand the resolutions reported to
have come from that body and published In
yesterday's print as unwarranted, utterly false
and only calculated to destroy the harmonious
relations In the bull-ilng business at present
existing 1 between employer and employe and
thus injure the best Interests of this communi
ty: ar.d be it further
Resolved. That these resolutions be spread
on the minutes of tho council and a copy there,
of furnished to the press.
. O. A. TVEITXOE.
Secretary B. T. C. of S. F.
These resolutions practically send the
carpenters who attended the monster
meeting back to the unions to which they
belong pledged to obey the decision of tho
general body, to the effect that local un
ion No. 4S3 has a right to still retain Its
membership in the Labor Council. The
matter as it was adopted in the mass
meeting is not absolutely binding, but it r
shows the spirit of the carpenter* *
throughout the city in the dispute whicli
has embroiled their unions for some timo
past. In all probability at the meeting of
the unions, which will be held this week,
the resolution adopted last night will be
ratified.
When. the meeting opened C. A. Tem
pleton stepped to the platform and asked
for nominations for chairman. E. L.
Malsbury was elected by acclamation. J.
M. Burke was elected to act as secre
tary-
J. F. Grimes, representing the national
body, was called to the platform and he
addressed the mechanics in a straightfor
ward manner. He called upon them to>
obey the mandates of the United Brother
hood, and pointed out that if they did
not do so they only aroused turmoil, out
of which nothing but evil would ensue.
The committee on resolutions was then
appointed and it left the room to delib
erate. While it was outside discussing:
the situation P. H. McCarthy, represent
ing the Building Trades Council, took the
platform and presented the council's side
of the case. He offered a set of resolu
tions but they were not adopted. There
was a little excitement durins? McCarthy"* .
address, but nothing occurred to mar the
dignity of the meeting.
Fledged to Obey General Body.
A monster mass-meetins of carpenters
and Joiners affiliated with the various un
ions of this city and Yicinity was held
last njght at Metropolitan Temple to dls- •
cUss the labor troubles which have arisen
out of the attitude of the Building Trades
Council and the Carpenters' District
Council toward Carpenters' Union 453.
The meeting was a spirited affair. Ail
the phases of the controversy, which was
brought about by the action of the Unite 21
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of '
America In sustaining the position taken
by union No. 4S3 in refusing to give up its
membership in the Labor Cquncil when
called upon to do so by resolutions adopt
ed "by the Building Trades Council some
time last July, were discussed. After the
matter had been fully threshed out the
carpenters assembled voted almost unan
imously to adopt resolutions agreeing to
sustain the United Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners of America in all Its
acts and decrees. The resolutions are as
follows:
Resolved. By the carpenters of San Fran
cisco and vicinity, members of the UnlteO
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners ot
America, that they pledge themselves to stand
loyally by and retain their msmbershlp in the
brotherhood and strictly obey the decisions of
the executive board, notwithstanding any ef
forts to force them out of the brotherhood; and
be it further
Resolved. That we hereafter refuse to strike
against members ' in good a tandlne of this
United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners
of America. JOHN P. HARKIN'S, 616.
W. ¦ A. COLE. 4SA
E. E. DE ROIfcE. 22.
-;'/¦ J. J. VICTORY. 36.
''-". -A. CLARKE. IJM.
NEW YORK, March 20.— The telegram
of the manager of the Century Club to
Fitzsimmons stated the fighter would
have to accept definitely one of the bids
submitted, failing to do which the club
would cancel its • offers. Fitzsimmons
shortly afterward replied to the telegram,
adhering to the stand he had originally
taken and sayfns the club could either
acquiesce or call its bids off.
The first sign of agitation against the
proposition to hold a championship fight
| in Los Angeles cropped out to-day, when
! several j ministers declared they would
I combat the plan. On this point the Cen
tury Club officials feel confident.
"There Is no danger of interference,"
said Mr. Morley. "The State law permlti
• boxing contests, and we have a permit
from .the city of Los Angeles. We pro
pose to pull the fight off, that Is, If Fitz
simmons comes to time' in an orderly
manner, and no one need fear any trou
ble." •.-.'•- -
Thus the matter rests for the day wlth
.out any material progress In the negotia
tions. There will probably be a meeting
of the directors of the Century Club to
morrow.
Fitzsimmons word to-tfay that he
would accept the Los Angeles offer on
tho basis of 75 per cent of the gross re
ceipts, with a guarantee of $25,000. In re
ply to this the club stated its original
three propositions without comment.
Another telegram was received to-night
from .the ex-champion, which reads as
follows: "I stand by my proposition of
$25,000, with the privilege of 7a per cent.
Prices <K tickets and number- of compli
njentaries to be mutiially, agreed upon. If
you wish to call it off do so."
Jeffries again telegraphed Fitzsimmons,
saying there was danger of the club with
drawing its offer, ar.d that ho preferred
the 75 per cent proposition, as he though;
the fighters' share would amount to more
than $25,000. ' .
LOS ANGELES, March £0.— The Jeffrlea-
Fltzsirhmons proposed tight and the selec
tion of a battleground still. hang lire. It
may be said tc be "all. up to Fitzsim
mons." It was thought early to-day an
agreement would be reached before night,
but the v.ires arc still burdened with tele
graphic correspondence between Los An
geles a-nd Bath Beach. N. Y. f . "¦'
Is Still Haggling Over the Bid
of Los Angeles Or
ganisation.
Local Union 483 Will Bo
Backed Up in Its
Position. .
Carpenters Pledge Them
selves to Obey
Mandate.
Fitzsimmons Cannot Be
Brought Into Line
•Readily.
WILL SUSTAIN
GENERAL BODY
SLOW PROGRESS
WITH BIG FIGHT
THE ;SA0Si! FRANGISGO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1902;
4
The golf shirt will be THE s hirt this spring. It is by far the jjj
most . comfortable shirt for everyday wear yet devised. a
Although the fronts are soft the shirts are made in such a va- i
riety of swell patterns that you can find among them a shirt that a
is dressy and neat— in fact, just the thing for business wear. H
We are showing an attractive lot of golf shirt3 in the latest , S
spring styles. They are made of chambray and madras, with solid «
color bodies and striped designs on front and separate cuffs; the *i
colors are ox-blood, light and dark blue; exceedingly good value B
Out-of-town orders filled — write us. HSB Q
718 Market Street, ITO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
and previsions, - 10 pkgs ;..fresh_ vegetables, . 31'
l>kss hardware, 330 lbs- meal, ¦' 101;; cs.- canned
goods, 270 ca canned salmon, .703 lbs .bread,'
4 pkgrs beer, 10 pkgs : stationery; f 3 pk'gs- dry
goods. 3 pkss drugs, 1500 ft ¦ lumber. «2 ; cs
coal oil, 22 pkgs mill work, '120 .lbs starch, ,3V
pkgs -furniture, 3 ca wine.. ..'.'-
To South Africa — 2020 cs 1 canned fruit, J - 10.
285 lbs dried fruit, 1000 'cs canned salmon, 15
cs canned goods,: 3 cs" groceries. ; .'w- -• , ' r
To Tonga Islands — 14 cs, groceries," lcajdry
goods, 1 carriage, 1 cs drugs, '. 3 ' pkgs ; atoves
and parts, 3 pkgs furniture, Sics- books- and
cutlery. • '-.¦,.-.•.¦.-.-, ¦ ".,"¦.,¦,„
. • To Fiji Islands — 8 cs canned goods, . 3 ' pkgJ
dried fruit, 158 Ib3 coffee, • fj. v ' > •
TO SAIL.
A number on the list that causes consid
erable merriment i3 the introduction of a
bucking pony. The offer is open for dny
boy to ride him around the ring, but as
yet no rider has been found who can do
the trick. -: ¦
. The military drill by twelve Shetland
ponies is a strong feature of the pro
gramme. At the command of ' ' Trainer
Norris these educated animals go through
a series of fancy and . intricate move
ments, showing a degree -of intelligence
hardly to be looked for in the brute crea
tion. • ,
The performance at Norris & Rowe's
trained animal show at Mechanics' Pa
vilion last night attracted . the., biggest
crowd that has patronized the miniature
circus since its opening ' last Saturday.
Many new acts were added to the pro
gramme. The noticeable increase , in .at
tendance seemed to spur the dumb actor?:
to their best: j Every turn went through
without a hitch and the clever work of
the wonderful animal aggregation called
for repeated applause. J
forming' Wonders at Mechanics'
¦ Pavilion Attracts Crowds.
Norris & Bowe's Aggregation of Per-
TRAINED AUnyrAT. SHOW
PRESENTS NEW FEATUBES
The revised ordinance will be submitted
to the board next Monday by Supervisor
Loughery and will be referred to the joint
Committee on Judiciary, Fire and Build
ings- ¦ ¦ :", -ii^v.'^bv
The general • committee appointed last
year by the, Board of Supervisors to re
vise the building ordinances submitted
the result of its work yesterday to the
Fire Committee. The report is signed by
"William Mooser Jr.. F. H. Porter, F. H.
Qualman, James A. Cotter, E. C. Irving',
Thomas J. Welsh, James S. Fennell. O.
E. Brady, John G. Cook, William Curlett
and William Cronan. The recommenda
tions of the committee include the limit
ing 1 , of fire-proof or class A buildings on
streets 100 feet or more in- width to 200
feet in . height, and for streets less than
100 feet In width to 130 feet in height. The
limit of height of seml-flreproof or class
B buildings is fixed at 110 feet.' and. of
noni-flreproof or" class C buildings at
eighty-two feet in height. Frame build
ings are limited to sixty feet in height,
and all spires of churches and towers of
breweries where the same are higher than
sixty feet shall have such parts as are
higher covered with fireproof materials.
Sidewalk elevators must have some me
chanical device for the locking and Inter
locking of the doors. .
20O Feet for Buildings on
"Wide Streets. \
Measure -Provides Height Limit of
BEPOBTS ON BEVISED -
BTJILDnJGr OBDHTAUCE
Chief Wittman received a letter yester
day from the, Merchants' Association stat
ing that since his order", waa issued to
patrolmen requiring -them to give special
attention to the matter of preventing rub
bish v from";. being thrown on -.the streets
there had been -a very- decided improve
ment in that respect. It was urged that
due vigilance be continued in^that matter,
which would result in an entire' stoppage
to the objectionable practices. The Chief
sent the necessary Instructions - to the
different company commanders, with a
copy of the letter. ' . . .
Police Complimented.
from. Skagway; stmr Queen, hence March 17.
Sailed March 20. 10 a m— Stmr Edith, for
Sari • Francisco. • . ' ¦
Arrived- March. 20— Stmr Czarina, from San
Francisco. • • • . •:.••' »
Sailed^ March 20— Stmr City of Puebla. for
San Frahcisco: ¦ stmr Meteor, for Tacoma.. .
BANIX)N— Sailed March 20— Schr Onward,
for ';San 'Francisco. . - ¦
COOS BA-Y-T-Sa3 led March 20— Stmr Empire,
for. San" Francisco. . • . - . "• .
¦- -Arrived March 20— Scbr Maggie C Ruas,
i from " San Dlesol '1 ¦
I- ; - FOREIGN' PORTS.
COLON— Sa.'led March 18— Stmr Finance,
from New York. , u '
.Arrived March '.IS— Stmr Orizaba, from New
¦York. - ' ¦¦ - , • - . »
GLASGOW— Sailed March 18— Br ship Car
narvon Bay. ¦ for Victoria..
• SYDNEY— Sailed March 7— Br shh> Eulo
mene. for • Acanulco. • ' r :
• KINSALE— -"i'aased March 19 — Br ship Lord
TemplettKcaw^Jience Oct 3t. _" .- ¦
TOC'OPIliLA— Arrived March 18— Ship . Ban
galore,"" from-. Whatcom- ¦«" " \
PORT ¦ ELIZABETH— Arrived March 20—
Bark Snow & Burgess, from Port Ludlow.
• NAN AIM O— Arrived March 19— Dutch stmr
yolmina, from. .Vancouver, . to load for San
Francisco. . ¦ . . i ¦ . ¦¦ . ¦•¦ ¦ , ., .
'VICTORIA, BC— Sailed March 20— Br bark
Gwydyr Castle and Br . bark ¦ Glenmark. for
Tacoma; etmr Queen City, for West Coast.
¦;:-;' . OCEAN/STEAMERS."
- HAMBURG— Arrived March 20 — Stmr Penn
sylvania, ¦' from , New • York. • via , Plymouth and
Cherbourg; atm'r Ramses. ¦ from. Port Blakeley,
Sin" Francisco, . Guatemala," etc. - — ¦
•r'ROTTERDA^I — Arrived March 20— Stmr
Amsterdam, . from New York. - via Boulogne-
Sur-Mer. -••¦ ;.:'¦« ' - . ¦ ¦
J Sailed March 20 — Stmr Rotterdam, for Bou
,logne-Sur-Mer and New '. York.
'YOKOHAMA — Sailed March 19^ — Stmr Ta
coma, from Hongkong;. • Shanghai and Kobe, for
..Victcrla. B C. and Tacoma, •
t NEW YORK— Arrived March 20— Slmr Hav
erford. from .
; ¦'•' Sailed March 20— Stmr "La Gascogne. for
Havre. >..¦_.
i NEW YORK — Arrived March 20— Stmr Ha
nover, from Bremen. •
NAPLES — Arrived March W — Stmr Trave,
'. from- New York. ¦ for Genoa.
'SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived March > 19^ — Stmr
Elbe, from Horta. with passengers of disabled
..strflr Etrurla. .- - - "
LrVERPOOL — Arrived March 20— Stmr Ma
i Jestlc, from New .York. "
LONDON— Sailed March \ 20— Stmr , Mesaba.
for -New « York... ¦¦'.' . r • .
' QUEENSTOWN — Sailed • March. 20— Stmr
Qceanlc, . from Liverpool, for New York.
LIZARD — Passed March 20— Stmr L Aqul
talne. from New York, for Havre.
KINSALE— Passed March 20 — Stmr Sylva
nla; from Boston, for .Liverpool.
FROM SEATTLE.
FRIDAY, MARCH 21,
" NOTE— The ' high and low waters occur at
the- city >' front '(Mission-street wharf),'- about
twenty-five ; minutes later tfian at -Fort, Point;
the | height j of • tide - Is the | same at | both j places.
United-. States : Coast. 'and' Geodetic-: Survey-
Times " and ' Heights r of Highland :Low
Waters at Fort •' Point, i entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. •' Published by, official au
. thorlty of the ; Superintendent. .-^' :
Bun, • Moon and \ Tides.
lirig W.G.Irwln," Garthley,. Roche Harbor.i.
: Schr.'Henrj' Wilson, Johnson, Grays ' Harbor.
Sohr Free (Trade; Ferguson, — — . 1iV - •>
" Schr Lettltla, Sarrlns, Grays Harbor. •» :.
RETURNED. \ -¦- '•>! ;• ,;
. . • ,_•'¦ .ThursdayJ. March 20'. ( ; ¦
Bark Euterpe, Swanson, ; hence. March 18 for."
Prince -William . Sound, for repairs. . , j ¦
¦ •-¦-.• • -.' :': : TELEGRAPHIC. )' * J"
' POINT>LOBOS,March"20, v .10 p "m-~Weather
clear: wind NW, .velocity 24 .miles p«> hour. '.
- '^ '.V: DOMESTIC/ PORTS. : .>' i '¦ : l
NE AH BAY— Passed' ' out > -March'1 20— Bktn
Willie ' R' Hume, 1 from Port Blakeley, for. Ban
Francisco ; i Ger ¦ ship Thekla; ¦ from Tacoma, ' lor
Queenstown.-r' -^-^ -. - - . " • - j, ¦¦••
; ; Passed in ? March • 20-^-Strar ¦ Czarina, hence
March -16.. for. Seattle; -bark Kate ; Davenptort,
from; Honolulu; -for Port Blakeley; uchr Methd
Nelaon, from, Mahukona; f or i Tacoma, , .-
SAN. PEDRO— Sailed . March 20— Stmr Qhai»
Nelson, for San Francisco. . -¦"'<¦ '
, PORT ANGELES— Sailed March 20-^-Fr
Les ' Adelphes, ' f or. Seattle... " >. ¦ '?*¦- .'
.ASTORIA— Arrived March 20r-Br-«Wp ,Dov
enby*Hall,, from Antwero.- . •
Sailed March r.20—Br ship:' St' : Mlrren.' Br
bark 1 GalKorm and Dutch bark. 'Pax,
for Queenatown.-V". •¦•¦•'¦'• " ' '-f"\ > .'
• PORT i TOWNSKND-^Passed in March ¦ 20—
Stmr -Czarina,*' hence March 16, ' for' Seattle;
stmr Jeanle,\ from, Orca, for Seattle; bark.C D
Bryant. 1 hence March 9,^for- Seattle: stmr Chaa'
Counsftlman returned to change englAeer force.
"- GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived. March* 20-^-8tinr
Coronado, hence -March . 17. : ¦'•¦ •¦¦..¦-••• ¦'. ¦ t ", '
¦¦: Sailed -March, .18— iStmr • Melvllla <DolUi:.: for,
San ¦ Pedro.*- ; March "20-^8tmr"San'i Pedro, for
San Francisco,' " •,?'.¦ ¦: •-.*•-.; a
¦i EUREKA — Arrived. March 20— Btmr Eureka,!
hence'March- ISi'.schr Mary Dodge/from HUo.
' Sailed March --30— Stmr Allian6e/ for San
Francisco;' 8thir- Pasadena, for San. Pedro; stmr
'Pomona,' for' San -•Francisco. ' --•.'•' " '¦ ; •
' - PORT BERKELEY— Sailed ! March 20— Schr
Meteor/.. for San ¦ Pedro; ' echr Americana, ; for
'San'Pedro.v: ' - : , ¦ "! ¦'.' - :
, i BOWJSN8 LANDINO— Arrived 'March '• im
'Btmr Gualala, 1 hence March 18. ; ' . - >.:.t
: . TACOMA-rArrived March ' 20-^-Stmr . Meteor,
from Seattle: Btmr Mackinaw, hence. March 1«.
¦, Sailed • March ¦'¦ !?0 — Ger :¦ bark , Thekle, for
Queenstewn;,stmr Farallon, for Bkagway, .- -. »
- Sailed; March 20-^-Br 'ship - Bann, for Port
> Blakeley. - - : .- • . • : - ' .-:-:•-.; I :\- *
:rt FORT ". BRA'GG— Arrived - March \ 20 — Stmr
'National' City* ¦ hence v March* 19.' .»•< '.'-.i'\ l
• SEATTLE— Arrived ' March 20-^-Stmr. -Al-Kl,
\ ( - ¦ -• . . : .. .. • Thursday, JVIarch 20. *.
Stmr John S Kimball, Thwlng, 'Seattle. !.
"Stmr Shelikof. ¦ Ellesen, Seattle,' with bark
Guy C GosKln tow. ' , ; .. : ; '"
•Stmr Scotia, -Walvlg, Bowens .Landing:. -
¦ ' Slmr Del Norte, - Green. Crescent City. ' J
% Stmr Navarro, Devitt, BowVhs Landing:.
'¦; Stmr. Aberdeen, Hlg-gins. .San-.Pedro.*.'; i
. Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, Bowens Land,
inff. '-ij/v* . ' '. ' ' ¦ • .- ¦'.¦¦'*.'• ¦• '¦; . •
Stmr ' Phoenix,*- Odland, Mendoclno. ? : !•' •
Ship Benj F: Packard. Allen. New York. I .
- Br ship Marathon. Roberts, Melbourne. %¦
Bark ,\V.B Flint, Johnson, Makawell.
Bark Guy: C Goss, .Gllmore, Seattle;- In tow
sttnrr Sfcellkof.: ;. ' t :,: . ; ,-\ >*: --,'.*
Kr" bark General Toy, Brueiwe, 132 .days
from, Havre.-- -- • -.*.''¦• '..
Br bark Inveresk, Kingr, 180 days from Hull,
via Newcastle; England, 164 days. ' -I — -
' Schr Etta B. Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes. I •"<- : ¦. ¦ - .••¦•> •
Schr Mary and Ida, SUnsland, 11 days from
Unga:' ¦ • ¦¦ '¦" ' ¦ '" '¦%
Sclir- Mabel. Gray, Larsen, 40 hours from Eu-i
reka. ' ;•¦ . • ' . '".'/.'. ¦'•. 'f/"'
- • -i m CLEARED. ; .\ ..Cl.:'_ ,'
'¦¦':¦ . Thursday, March 20. -
.Stmr, J S Kimball, Thwlne. Seattle; E Ti
Kruse ' ¦ ' : '¦.** ' ¦ • • ¦ ¦• .
Stmr Despatch, Johnson, Seattle; George D
Gray.&' Co. - ¦ ; . ..' <¦¦.:•:::•*'
. Stmr Ventura, Haywarii. Sydney and" Hono-'
lulii; r J'D' Spreckels & Bros Co. - ¦; .j 'l
Stmr .Ventura, Hayward. Honolulu; Pago
Pago, /Auckland and Sydney. ; - ?'''
Stmr ¦' Despatch, Johnson. . Seattle. • t-tis
Stmr Mandalay.' Batchelder. Coaullle- Rivet.
' Br. 'shlD-. Scottish*- Hills, Blackmorf, Port
Townsend;" Meyer, 's Wilson & Co.. : " r ,j
•¦.:¦ . ;:v y sailed. •' - ¦';>'. >"
Sttnr Coqullle River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg. ¦ ¦ '.'¦ '
Stmr Santa Ana, Strand, 3 days 18 hours
from Seattle. . ' . • '
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, U hours,, from
Mendocino. -¦¦ . „ ¦'. •> . ¦ ¦ .'. : •• - • ,
•Stmr Leelanaw,- Monroe, 16 days 21 hours
from Panama. . •.¦-.•_-..*..
Stmr. "Luella,' Olsen. :• 13' hours from Caspar.
< Stmr ' Despatch, Johnson, 51 hours from San
Pedro. ¦ ••. ¦: > , ¦ ¦ :• • ":.'"'«¦
Stmr' Santa Monica,- Olsen, 58 hours from
San Pedro, via Ventura 4S hours! - • Si
•.Stmr Bonita, •• Nopander, . 65-- hours, from New
port-and. way ports. . i • ... . " . , . » • - ;: .[
. Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 25 hours from Eu
reka. .... .
Stmr Aberdeen, Higginr., 24 hours from Eu
reka; , bound to San Pedro; . put in - to land
passencers." • ¦ : '¦? •'•'.'"'.
. Stmr. Fulton, lievlnson, 60 hours - from Saa
Pedro. 7 ' ; ' '¦ .. . ' -- :\ • ¦
Ship Luclle,. Seel, 11 days from Kehei. j ..
Br ehip Glenalvon, Andrews, 12-t days from
C&rdlK.-f.r- i- ¦¦¦¦¦-:¦.•---.¦• ~ ¦'¦;¦¦¦ t~ , '
-Shipping Intelligence, i. !
""• ;
- AURIVED.
Thursday. March 20.
Time V Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc ,¦ Office,' U. S. N.. Mer
• ' chants', 'V Exchange;- San Francisco, Cal.,
" ."March -20; 1002.^^.' ;.¦ , ¦
: <The Time? Ball ' on -the tower i of. the Ferry
building .was r drop'ped "exactly , at ''noon to-day,
i. : '.e.\* at-; noon of the • 120th.' meridian, or at 8
p.**m.,* Greenwich "mean . time. - ' '
>Vii '. ; -,.... V;-' 'W. H. STANDLET, • ..
,.-.-•• • lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.
fourth time column gives", the last tide of the
day,; except when there' are but three tides, as
sometimes " occurs. . . The 'heights given are in
addition to- the soundings ,of the United States
Coast ; Suryey charts. Acept when a minus (-«•)
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted ) from -the depth given by
the charts. The plane of > reference is the mean
of the. lower low watsrs, .'-¦. "> ' ' . •.';>
"NOTE— In' the above exposition of the tides
the, early -morning tides are j given - In ¦. the '. left
hand I column ¦ and the successive .tides of . the
day in ' the ; order.' of occurrence as to time j . the
Th« Oceanic ' Steamship Company"s . steamer
Ventura sailed yesterday for . Sydney and
way ports with a general '- merchandise cargo
valued, at $U!5,<}52, exclusive of some 'for Hono
lulu. The cargo was manifested^ and '„ destined
as fellows: For Australia,' $82,716 :¦ New
land, *2:».321; Samoa, 8402: 8outh Africa,'$10.
2»7: Tonga Isiandu, $250: Fiji Inlands. $67. In
addition to thi merchandlEa cartro there waa a.
shipment of . treasure . consisting . of " $1000 i In
coin destined for Apia. The principal exports
were as follow*: . - - • ¦ . v " ; - • .
To Australia— 20.832 ells barley,' S.'2,350 lbs
coffee,. 0041 lbs bean*. 4006 lb« dried fruit/ 660
Iba codfish, 4 J, 800 lbs bluestone, 6 pkrn blcy
cles and . (undrles, 6 : pkg-K'beer,-14 pkgH scales
and narts. 88 cs boots '¦. and shoes, . 2724 cs
canned goods, 7 pkgs'dry goods, 4 pkgu drug'.'
32 pkRf. groceries artd . provisions, ¦ 172 ¦ pkK*
hardware, 1600 ft lumber, II bales' leather,' 60
pkgn machinery, 20.1 rolls paper,,12.baleu-over
alls. 4 pkr« . rubber Roods, 242 cs canned sal
m'jn," .11)0 c» table. meal, 12. ctls wheat. • .' ¦¦¦•: ¦
To New Zealand— 1K.570 lbs dried fruit. 6115
lbs coffee, ;. 100 lbs 'chocolate, 460 -lbs: codfish,
400 lbs 2 pkgs meal. -'12,660 lbs raisins.: l;cs
firearms,. 1 7. ca : boots and shoes, 029 cs canned
goods, *S pkgs dry goods, r 10 -pkgBt drugs, SX
pkgs trroceries and provisions,' ft • pkge;machin
ery, 212 bdln paper,: 20 cb rubber goods, 22S
cs canned salmon. ¦, : ,/ , '•.''.".' ' 7
To - Samoa —35 bbls - flour/ 310 ' pkgs groceries
The Ventura's Cargo.
. The' barks • Santiago and ' Martha ¦ Davis and
the ship Falls of- Clyde will -load merchandise
here for Hilo, the ship Tillie E. Starbuck and
th» barkentine Planter, same cargo, for Hono
lulu.
The bark Star of Bengal was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber on Puget Sound for Syd
ney at 3Ss i 9d; option of Melbourne or Adelaide,
45s. •. ¦; . ¦ ; • ¦ - v V- , - ¦>-:>::.
The ship Shenandoah loads merchandise here
for New York. - . '
' The French bark Max" will load wheat and
barley here for Europe at 22s 6d.
Snipping Merchants.
Mutters of .Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Towing the Guy C. Goss.
The steamship Shelikof left . yesterday for
Seattle with the" bark Guy C. Gossi In tow.
'They are both bound for the canneries. . • :
The American ship Lucile arrived yesterday
eleven days ¦ from Kehei. < This Is one | of the
fastest trips on record for ,. sailing craft be
tween the Hawaiian Islands and this port.
A Record Trip.
I/eelanaw in From Panama.
The . steamship . Leelannw arrived yesterday
from Panama with a heavy • New, York, cargo
and eizht steerage passengers". - The trip occu
pied li$ days 21 , hours and 6 minutes. Heavy
northwesterly weather was encountered during
the last two days of the voyage.
Captain McBryde Is Better.
Captain John- McBryde of the British _ four
masted bark Cralgerne has recovered from- his
recent serious illnr.rs and expects to leave in
a few weeks for Scotland. Through The Call
he wishes to express his appreciation of the
interest manifested in . his welfare by. many
frlends'durlng his stay at St. Mary's Hospital.
The United States Marine Band from Mare
Island Navy-yard will give a performance on
Sunday morning -at 9 o'clock on . Mission-street
wharf. At 9:45 the band will embark on the
General Frisbie, .which will take it around the
bay before carrying It back to Vallejo.
Marine Band Will Play.
Henry DallemaKne, Consul General of
France, visited the French bark Amiral Troude
yesterday afternoon in his official capacity.
The crew refused duty. Captain and officers'
were Dowerless to persuade the recalcitrant
sailers to " turn to. Consul - Dallemacne re
sponded promptly to the skipper's appeal and
before he left the ship the trouble had been
adjusted to the satisfaction of all hands. - -i
Consul Adjusts Difficulty.
The American bark, Euterpe/VwhiclKleft here
March. IS. for Prince ¦ William/ Sound' with a
heavy carco of ¦ cannery supplies and a num
ber of white and Chinese laborers, ¦ returned to
port yesterday In distress. \ Soon after she
left here -she ran ¦ into ¦ a northwesterly pale.
When about forty miles west of the , Farallones
her fore ringing- on. both sides was carried
away. The loss of these supports caused the
springing of the" foremast, and the • Euterpe
returned to port .for repairs:.- Part of her
cargo will have to be discharged ' before the
repairs can be made. It .will be a week or
ten days before she • Is ready to. resume her
voyage. .
Euterpe Returns; in' Distress.
B^-|-«3 HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
II Pacific mail liner Ventura sailed
jj last evenlnff for Honolulu, and
il Australia with all the freight she
could carry ana passengers to the
limit of her liberal accommodations. She
¦was delayed in sailing on account of the
tardy arrival from New York of the Brit
ish-Australian rrails. These malls. SW
pouches of them, left New York on train
No. 5, which lost time on the cross-conti
r.ent run and arrived four hours late. The
mails, however, were transferred at Sac-'
ramento to the limited express, which, al
though an hour late, had the right of
¦way. and landed them here two hours be
fore No. S arrived.
A number of distinguished people sailed
on the Ventura. Bishop Nichols, accom
panied by -.Mrs. Nichols, is, on his way to
"•¦Hrjriorulu to~ receive the ' Episcopal prop
erty of that district. Commander W. W.
j Kimball, U. S. N-. was a passenger. He
groes as fax as Pago-Pago, where he will
' take cemmand of the U. S.' S. Abarenda.
Another passenger for Pago- Pago is Mrs.
TT. Sebree. wife of Captain Sebree, the
commandant of the naval station "there.
She is accompanied -by her little son and
will remain in the South Seas for some
time. . ¦ • -
Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Dimond. Captain
• Edwin Goodall and Mrs. and Miss Good-
For Honolulu — TV. M. Alexander, Mrs. C. II.
Allen, Mre. H.E. Banhatn, Miss E. Banham,
Miss M. Banham, T. D. Bates. \V. H. Baugh,
Mi58 Mary Byrne, A. J. Campbell,' Mrs. Camp
bell and two children, T. TV.' Carter. Mrs.
Carter. Georce B. ChampHn. Miss F. Cham
plin, J. W. Clise. Mrs. Clise and two chil
dren. Miss Clise. Mrs. K. J. Coffin. D. H.
Davis, G. S. Dearborn, E. R. Dimond, Mrs.
Dimond. Mis* D'Oyly, James Du Bots, Mrs.
D. C. McLauffhlin. Miss I. L. McLaughlin,
W. B. McLean. Bishop Nichols. Mrs. Nichols,
TV. P. Noble. Miss I. Noble. Miss M. Noble.
S. X. Palmer. E. C- Peters, Miss F. K. Pierce.
Miss Potter. Miss Reynolds. F. P. Richards,
C. Robinson.. J. D. Ryan. Mrs. M.. Schumacher,
Alexander Sclater. S. Fenn. Mrs. Fenn, Mrs.
S..M-. Flack. G. A. Folser. F. Furber. Edwin
Goodall. Mrs. Goodall. Miss Goodall. E. Haae,
T. G. Hathaway. K. Heraijama, W. H. Hoaga,
J. .\V. Hosmer, Mrs. Hosmer. Mrs. C. A.
Hutching, Miss Hutching. E. P. Jones, Mrs.
Jones, 1*. B. Kerr, George T. Kluegel. W. H.
Layson. Mrs. Layson, C. W. L<ombard, C. E.
Maston, R. W. McChesney, Miss E. B.
Scripps. Miss Virginia Scrlpps. Robert Slaugh
ter. Mrs. • Slaug-hter and infant, B. H: Smith,
Mrs. Smith. H. E. Smith. J. T. E. Smyth, G.
A. Mrs. Soden. W, IL Stanley, E. L.
Stryker,' F. J. Thornbury. Mrs. L. Tompkins.
Miss Tompkins. H. E. Waity. Mrs. Watty
and child, Mrs. H. M. 'L. Walker, Miss
F. de Poy. Mrs. J. H. Galbraith, Mm. J. H.
Gribble, Mrs. G. . Grove, Mrs. R, Hanley and
all are also passengers. -Their destina
tion is Honolulu. Assistant Surgeon F.
J. Thornbury of the Marine Hospital ser
vice was also aboard.
The Ventura's passenger list Is as fol
lows :
two children, C. ¦' Hauser, Miss Mary Hintor
Mrs. A. M. Hurt and infant. Mrs. E. Johnsor
Rev. W. T. Knox, C. B. Mackenzie, B. H. Me
Laushlln, J. Prosch, Gordon Russell, Mrs
Russell and child, George Russell, J. 1
Thompson and Mrs. Thompson. •'
For Fag;o Pago— W. W. Kimball. Miss L
Count, Dr. A. Penzl, Mrs. U. - Sebree, Maste
Sebree, E. S. Butz and Mrs. Butz and chiW
For Auckland — F. E. N. Crombie, W. ; t
Hambereer. Miss V. Osborne. • Mrs.. N. Pat
erson. A. E. Xewton and George Pattman.
For Sydney — John Bunny, Mrs. Craig, R. i
Cralgr. John Curtis, Professor A. L. Graebnei
William Henry. Mm. Henry, Mrs. E. N. Klrh
land, Georg-e Margcrison. Miss { E. . Murraj
Mrs. Z. C. Rennie and child, C. Robinson, Mlt
Smith, Miss C. B. Spring. G.- A. Thompsor
Mrs. Cros, child and infant; Mrs. T. Edveni
Oscar . Heintz, Miss, J. J. Jardine,- Williat
Pollard, J. Skelton/Mrs. Skelton, 1 Miss Skel
ton. J. Skelton Jr.. J. S.AVagstaff and Mn
¦\Vag8taiT.. ¦ ' . . - ¦ • '
To ; Joint at Honolulu for Sydney — W. i
Howatt, Mrs. . Howatt and B. ' F. Parker. -
FAST AMERICAN CLIPPER WHICH ARRIVED -YESTERDAY MORNING FROM THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
AFTER A REMARKABLY SMART. TRIP. HAVING SAILED FROM KEHEI TO. THE GOLDEN GATE IN THE
ALMOST RECORD TIMll OF ELEVEN DAYS. »: . * '
THE §AN FRAJNU1SUO CAL.1^ FRIDAY; MARCH 21, 1902.
Oceanic Company Saves the Australian Mail Several Hours' Delay
by Having It Transferred While En Route to- Limited
Express-— Liner Gardes Much Freight and Many Passengers
STEAMSHIP VENTURA LEAVES
WITH MANY NOTABLES ABOARD
5
'Steamer.. I
Destination. • I Sail*. I Pier.
_ ' ' ' " " I '" " ' " ( ' ' " -— ¦
Destination.
Amer.Maru
Sequoia....
ft. Arena. .
North Fork
Umatllla: . .
Arcat ......
I'omon*. . . .
Corona.....
Honita.....
Alliance...
Empire.; ! .
Chehalis. ..
'-uiumijia. .
Santa Ana.
Eureka....
.'March 21. : >- •
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS"
March 22.
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier' 2
Point Arena z \,m fiet 4
Humboldt .. 9 am Pier 2
Puget< Sound Ports 11 am Pier. ».
March 23. i
Coos B. & Pt. Orf/d 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt ...... . ...t:30 p Pier . . »
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Newport & Way Pts » am Pier H'
March 24.
PortlandVt Coos B. ;1 pm Pier 1G
Coos Bay .......... 12 ; - m Pier U
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier, —
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier. 24
Seattle. & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier . 2
, Mnreh 25.. : .. • | .. ,, '.
Huniboldi •:... .....i 0 amiPier 13'
| ' |. v
San uiego & way.'.i 9 am|Pier 11,
March 27. fit* ' '|
San Pedro & Way. | 9 'am Pier 11
Puget Bound Ports.. |11 am Pier .0
3rays • Harbor ..... I 5 pm Pier ' 2
3Iarch 28. I '...T '
Grays Harbor ... :. 5 pm Pier." 2
Panama'* Way Pts 12. ta PMSS
N. Y: via Panama .2 pm S. "W. 1
, March/29. ..-•¦¦•. : -,.,. -.- ¦: > :
Valparaiso & Way.|12 m Pier 10
Skagway via Seattle| ...:.. Pter —
China & Japan....] 1 pm|PMS3
Honolulu ;. I 2 pmlPler, 7
Tahiti direct '..'.,.. (10 am|Pler '* 7
Astoria A PortlanUillamiPler 2*
. March 3O. | ' . | ; ¦
Seattle & Tacoma V'.f 5pm|Pier '" 8
San Diego & Way. I 0 am|Pier 11
State of Cal.
Coos Bay.'.
City Puebla
San Pedro . ¦
G." Dollar. .
Cy of Para .
Leelanaw. .
Colombia. .
Humboldt; .
Peking.....
Alameda. . ¦
Australia. .
Q. Klder. . .
Czarina.'.;.
Spokane...
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
Cltyof Topeka
Cty of Seattle
Excelsior..'..
Dlrigo ;;.....
Cottage City.
Skagway & Way ' Port*. Mar. 21
Skaguay & • Way Ports. |Mar. 24
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 23
Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 28
Ska* way & Way. Ports. Mar. 31
Steamer.
From.
Due.
i " — — ~ — . _ . — 7*r '"^'-.—..i
Arcata...:.. Coos Ba,y*& Ft." Orfqrd. Mar. '21^
Crescent City Crescent" City ". . . . . . .'. . . Mar. 21
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports.. Mar. 21
Australia. . . . Tahiti ¦•''. Mar. 21
Columbia.... Portland '& Astoria Mar. 21
SanMateo... Nanaimo Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
Aztec. Ta'coma . . . . Mar. 22
C. Nelson.... San Pedro ....'. Mar. 22
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma .... ............ Mar. 22
Sequoia...... San Pedro .............. Mar. 22
Empire...;:. Coos Bay . ..* .:.; Mar. 22
Spokane.."... San Dleeo & Way, Ports. Mar. 23
Phoenix. .:. .'; Mendocino City 1 i". Mar. 23
Eureka ...... Humboldt .........; .'. . V Mar. 23 '
Edith. . .'. ¦; :. . Seattle • ; . . . . . . '. . ... V. .*. Mar. 23
Tltania. . . . . . Nanaimo ..:.... '".'.. Mar. 2.5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports liar. 23
CltyofPuebla Puget Kound Ports. .. ...|Mar.. 23 .
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor JMar. 24
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar. '24:
Chehalls. . . . . San Pedro Mar. 24
Santa Monica Humboldt .....'.......:. Mar. 23
G. Dollar . . . '. Grays • Harbor x Mar. 25
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor .:..'... v.-. Mar. 25'
Folmlna " Nanaimo ............... Mar. 25
Alameda. . . . . Honolulu '. . , ...... . IMar. 25
Colombia'. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports|Mar. 26
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor IMar. 2«
Rival . . . . . . . . Wlllapa Hartjor ........ | Mar. 26
G.'W. Elder '..] Portland & Astoria .JMar. 20
CoronaT. .....'San Diego & Way Ports] Mar. 27
Hyades..:... Honolulu & Kahului ...| Mar.' 27
Curacao: . . . . Mexican ¦ Ports '. . ; . ".'. .... Mar. 27
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Mar. 27
Point Arena.. Point Arena •..;...-..... Mar. 27
Ftonita. .. Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 28
Queen ...;... Puget " Sound ¦ Ports .... Mar. 28
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 2S
Sun
Mo
¦rises •..¦.
seta V. . .
m veta . . .
......r.':.. :.".;.:.., *,6: 22
.7;.. ;V;.. ;;4:26 a, m,;
D >*
21 1
22.
23
24'
Time
1 FL
L';:,w| • ;¦¦'¦.
T 3:17J 2.1
4:06 ri.6
4:51 1.3
B:37 1.1
H.W r -
.0:16 5.4
0:49 5.2
¦1:20 6.1 1
Time
H7W
0:37
10:20
11:10
12:06
LiW
6:11)
¦fl:58
7:4t|
B.2
;B3
P.2
6.1
Time
L W
3:47
4:32
DUO
5:46
H'W
12:55
.1:44
2:34
¦ :" Time •• ::-
Ft.; Ft. "
V,-Z H..W -•;-(.
~O4 lolsS 5.4
•0.7 11:09 6.4*
.11.011:43' B.4
1.3 ;.*.".. ..;..
; L AV
-4.9 -6:22 1.7
.4.0 «:66 / 2.1
-.4.3 7:32 ' 2.5
25
28
27
p!
, 0.0
'0.8
'Steamer.. I
Destination. • I Sail*. I Pier.
_ ' ' ' " " I '" " ' " ( ' ' " -— ¦
Destination.
Amer.Maru
Sequoia....
ft. Arena. .
North Fork
Umatllla: . .
Arcat ......
I'omon*. . . .
Corona.....
Honita.....
Alliance...
Empire.; ! .
Chehalis. ..
'-uiumijia. .
Santa Ana.
Eureka....
.'March 21. : >- •
China & Japan 1 pm PMSS"
March 22.
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier' 2
Point Arena z \,m fiet 4
Humboldt .. 9 am Pier 2
Puget< Sound Ports 11 am Pier. ».
March 23. i
Coos B. & Pt. Orf/d 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt ...... . ...t:30 p Pier . . »
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier. 11
Newport & Way Pts » am Pier H'
March 24.
PortlandVt Coos B. ;1 pm Pier 1G
Coos Bay .......... 12 ; - m Pier U
Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier, —
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier. 24
Seattle. & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier . 2
, Mnreh 25.. : .. • | .. ,, '.
Huniboldi •:... .....i 0 amiPier 13'
| ' |. v
San uiego & way.'.i 9 am|Pier 11,
March 27. fit* ' '|
San Pedro & Way. | 9 'am Pier 11
Puget Bound Ports.. |11 am Pier .0
3rays • Harbor ..... I 5 pm Pier ' 2
3Iarch 28. I '...T '
Grays Harbor ... :. 5 pm Pier." 2
Panama'* Way Pts 12. ta PMSS
N. Y: via Panama .2 pm S. "W. 1
, March/29. ..-•¦¦•. : -,.,. -.- ¦: > :
Valparaiso & Way.|12 m Pier 10
Skagway via Seattle| ...:.. Pter —
China & Japan....] 1 pm|PMS3
Honolulu ;. I 2 pmlPler, 7
Tahiti direct '..'.,.. (10 am|Pler '* 7
Astoria A PortlanUillamiPler 2*
. March 3O. | ' . | ; ¦
Seattle & Tacoma V'.f 5pm|Pier '" 8
San Diego & Way. I 0 am|Pier 11
State of Cal.
Coos Bay.'.
City Puebla
San Pedro . ¦
G." Dollar. .
Cy of Para .
Leelanaw. .
Colombia. .
Humboldt; .
Peking.....
Alameda. . ¦
Australia. .
Q. Klder. . .
Czarina.'.;.
Spokane...
Steamer.
For.
Balls.
Cltyof Topeka
Cty of Seattle
Excelsior..'..
Dlrigo ;;.....
Cottage City.
Skagway & Way ' Port*. Mar. 21
Skaguay & • Way Ports. |Mar. 24
Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 23
Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 28
Ska* way & Way. Ports. Mar. 31
Steamer.
From.
Due.
i " — — ~ — . _ . — 7*r '"^'-.—..i
Arcata...:.. Coos Ba,y*& Ft." Orfqrd. Mar. '21^
Crescent City Crescent" City ". . . . . . .'. . . Mar. 21
Alliance...... Portland & Way Ports.. Mar. 21
Australia. . . . Tahiti ¦•''. Mar. 21
Columbia.... Portland '& Astoria Mar. 21
SanMateo... Nanaimo Mar. 21
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 21
Aztec. Ta'coma . . . . Mar. 22
C. Nelson.... San Pedro ....'. Mar. 22
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma .... ............ Mar. 22
Sequoia...... San Pedro .............. Mar. 22
Empire...;:. Coos Bay . ..* .:.; Mar. 22
Spokane.."... San Dleeo & Way, Ports. Mar. 23
Phoenix. .:. .'; Mendocino City 1 i". Mar. 23
Eureka ...... Humboldt .........; .'. . V Mar. 23 '
Edith. . .'. ¦; :. . Seattle • ; . . . . . . '. . ... V. .*. Mar. 23
Tltania. . . . . . Nanaimo ..:.... '".'.. Mar. 2.5
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports liar. 23
CltyofPuebla Puget Kound Ports. .. ...|Mar.. 23 .
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor JMar. 24
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar. '24:
Chehalls. . . . . San Pedro Mar. 24
Santa Monica Humboldt .....'.......:. Mar. 23
G. Dollar . . . '. Grays • Harbor x Mar. 25
Santa Barbar Grays Harbor .:..'... v.-. Mar. 25'
Folmlna " Nanaimo ............... Mar. 25
Alameda. . . . . Honolulu '. . , ...... . IMar. 25
Colombia'. . . . Valparaiso & Way Ports|Mar. 26
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor IMar. 2«
Rival . . . . . . . . Wlllapa Hartjor ........ | Mar. 26
G.'W. Elder '..] Portland & Astoria .JMar. 20
CoronaT. .....'San Diego & Way Ports] Mar. 27
Hyades..:... Honolulu & Kahului ...| Mar.' 27
Curacao: . . . . Mexican ¦ Ports '. . ; . ".'. .... Mar. 27
Czarina...... Seattle & Tacoma ...... Mar. 27
Point Arena.. Point Arena •..;...-..... Mar. 27
Ftonita. .. Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 28
Queen ...;... Puget " Sound ¦ Ports .... Mar. 28
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. 2S
Sun
Mo
¦rises •..¦.
seta V. . .
m veta . . .
......r.':.. :.".;.:.., *,6: 22
.7;.. ;V;.. ;;4:26 a, m,;
D >*
21 1
22.
23
24'
Time
1 FL
L';:,w| • ;¦¦'¦.
T 3:17J 2.1
4:06 ri.6
4:51 1.3
B:37 1.1
H.W r -
.0:16 5.4
0:49 5.2
¦1:20 6.1 1
Time
H7W
0:37
10:20
11:10
12:06
LiW
6:11)
¦fl:58
7:4t|
B.2
;B3
P.2
6.1
Time
L W
3:47
4:32
DUO
5:46
H'W
12:55
.1:44
2:34
¦ :" Time •• ::-
Ft.; Ft. "
V,-Z H..W -•;-(.
~O4 lolsS 5.4
•0.7 11:09 6.4*
.11.011:43' B.4
1.3 ;.*.".. ..;..
; L AV
-4.9 -6:22 1.7
.4.0 «:66 / 2.1
-.4.3 7:32 ' 2.5
25
28
27
p!
, 0.0
'0.8
y ¦.¦ ' ,v ' j ¦¦•'¦¦*-'¦.•. 'i ' ¦¦'''¦• *¦'¦'¦* r' ' : i" '¦• ' '¦.+ .;---'-- .:.¦¦.-.¦ ~ ¦ -... >k r 'v '-• ¦¦¦ »,'¦'•' ¦:.' /< 'i ¦ "" ,'\ ' . '. *¦ ' - '' • ¦' ¦ '•' ' Jl
I v Sayc;thc Dimes dollar smill take care of themselves: ; TtJie'Empor/umsdvesyou both dimes and dollars. $ •
5 A 1 Saturday Night' Saooial— From 7 p:m. ; -^yr^^ y^B^— Jf ; Olhcr Special Oacrtafs lor' Satwday on the sales- ¦ *J| ¦
Saturday until dosing time we will place on special ;sale aoo ' \\^^/. >fcf^ i ''. : •: jr. 1? j .;• - ; ,,' . . .. „,, ¦„ '' • _. . _ • 'm
5'* : •;,.: . pairs men's strong/; ajl-wool Cassimere Pantsj "¦ worth'. '^ jftf O MTvLiS fof&f' It 8 1 Mf " 1D mam ' be P^ med ftc Wres, Books, %
J3.00, at.. ...'.:..--.. ......... •¦•^4a,^^^^f3 ; Z^c^X^w/flL- Notions, Hosiery, Dress Goods," Men's Under- 'J
,.. a» Aii.rW W.,^v f i, l _ g , nhlf w R .ii, Rn,^nn- - r .- rn[ - V M ,V / ,,,,,1 '^ .wear, Wash Goods, Playing Cards, etc. '
*, Whisky, a favorite with hundreds of our patrons, on spec al ... . __— «««BBB!^^^^^^^ v ' '.-•'¦ . . .
£\ tale in Liquor Department," Saturday'only, bottle .'. SGC ¦-¦ • -B^^WWiAt*** a8B^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORED Concert Saturday,' 7 150 to I 0:30 p. m. »Jj
JJ. — '"; "¦••" : - '• "¦¦-¦'-"•-¦- -- •• '""" '•• ¦ - ¦; — ¦-•* ' '¦ --¦ ¦¦¦'-¦- '-'¦¦¦¦ ¦_ _ ; ; — ; : ; ___ ! ; . , %
| Easter @ards, } Ah Extraordinary Special Safe Extra Special "S
* Booklets, Novelties. Spachtel 'Squares and Scarfs. Friday Bargains. |
Jf ..¦'¦¦ Eaiter.-Ctrdi Land'-; : Bcbklets'-^The prettiest' Our New York buyer has succeeded in securing another large. lot 5 of beautiful Ladles' Fast Slack Hoso— 3
It'.-', publications from such famous publshers. at ¦ jSpachtel work ; Scarfs and Squares, at 'a price ¦ much 1 'below their real worth. ' Egyptian cotton, extra double sole, spliced &
K^^DttWnT&Raj.^J^^^i^jjtWtional &Htis by far the prettiest lot of this class of goods that we have, yet had on heels and toes, riastic ribbrd top; - 9 «
5 ¦;.: Art Publishing .Co.: at; prices .rauginc from ¦ ' 1" .;¦ ,Tir ' u j-'-j ¦j;.l"' '• • ¦'* ¦ '-"- ' ..• »'¦;->¦' j t~ • • " t- - » Friday and Saturday, pair . . ?>. §<&G <f
* "',. . 1 ; ¦ v ¦¦*«;„<» Ofi sale. .'¦¦'We have divided them into two great lots, and ¦¦ beginning. Friday _ ' ¦¦-¦¦ \. Mm „ «
K , ; v- j :•'••¦'¦•/•^^•;'° t0 .r l • " ; will ofFrr- e 8 v 6 6 ' Ladies' Lacc-Effccf Hoso- J
i ••-(•• '^'¦Bc;r1tici-1So\ .=;• ». $1.50 to $1.75 quality £qu.res\32x32 In.), «Ie price S2c. • Men's Under wear-Gray menno, £
Jf^ Chickens. Du-cks, Fancy Figures, .et- ( .;:.^V, ' - ( $1.75 to $2.00 qualities Scarfs (20*54 M».si e price 82o. wft finlsh ' _^ d weight weU-made J1.00 .j
2? ' '¦' ¦•'-• • ¦ '• ¦•¦-• '•¦'''¦•¦¦:¦¦ S^ to SSI-Sn ' • ¦. ¦ V ¦ ¦¦¦¦-• ¦' V ***¦" -garments; Fr day and Saturday, ¦ -+ q ' .J
» ¦¦'•• f -.'.;¦¦¦' '¦¦; ¦ '¦¦•"•" "¦'>.-•:•.- O'.rT'.-:' ¦ -^.¦'.; :,'..•¦; " -.. ' ~ r ~ ' ¦ .'.-... . .. — J . ¦_ — 7"! — ~~. ! . ... • each .'¦'-. '. .". ':..'.... ". OvC '5
* Gtwcerie^BIaVMu^ ; G*P^ Shoot Mmic-ioo single copies of \
i^U-iio iD -Frii^^^l : ,^Sii i '¦¦. *'&*:¦:"¦ "i Men's SuttS- In handsome new spring patterns; the all-year newmus^.sent by the publisher, as samples -J
» BaDDitl s Joap— rnaay o cars . .;^ . j£t>Q v ; W\ ¦>> -, ... ,._, _ r> • ¦ , ... , ' , of thcr latest pub hcatons* Fr dav —^ *2
5?::AI:skaSaImon-3tins. ;;:^V^;.25O \ * Mf*»J : r °^? d WC 8 !?^^?^^^^ only, each. ! V . . ! . ! IOC ?
: PpUum Ce.e3l or Fr g ; P ; un=^eal ; ' thV::t^o '¦ W . l°t niany of the stylish new black and white mixtures; not" a K d Gun'ors-i to sK "che,, ' j. \
J .'famous health' coffeespargeJ.p'acka^^^^ £Ult ln the- lot made, to sell _ tat less I than Sl.2.50; we offer all shades; Friday, dozen .,.,.. . . "H2 %
J. fj.-f •"?'•**. vSJS^' '-::^- ;: - VlHft W.^|'^vS ':¦ you your choice] on Friday and ; Saturday Jat the Ladies' Automobile Scarfs- \
* f Kona Coffce^A popular favorite; Friday, lb/ v V J •,: I .Y. I, [~\ ¦ price that hardly . covers the COSt, to Sheer white lawn, edged with pretty color-
S'-I'V: : 'V'' : '¦ V -'' :r '''-^^-~:<^y 0 9^ '" manufacture them ........... I.. $8.50 in f' a 25C ™ sh tic i s P ecial Frida y *^^ «
g ;:Twin.Bfothcr,V^ Boys' 3-phcc Vest Suits— For 9 to 1 5 years; all- onIy " * ' • ' •¦• • V • a * v $
|&^^^^^^^ S.rgeVa go^H •Connrm.tion^suit; value fe Candeta- \ *
Sliip^^^yriB^^ffS: W^kl^Vi''- foi ;*7.5ors P ccial Friday and Saturday A r S ft' *
'5 ¦ Extra Fin's Sali-^Ia . packag^with •:tfike"r ". f>V^ VJ .K A > . onl y • v • - >: > C^ •>> •••••• — •••• &**'p& ."' ** " Um - far AL \ *
$ top. ;¦.¦••:•¦. :¦.;:>.:¦ \!; : ::/ : : : 10c v h /liil '* 4a »oys' SaUor Suits^-For 3 to 10 years; all- wdol l6 ««ho ¦ till, _ 3 - candle If ¦ fi j»
g ¦¦"¦¦. -"••¦V '•-.:'.' .' ":'.'' " :<-..-^'v-: ..;¦ I ,-•/ \wf*rfjS h '*' Cheviot;^' hantlsomely;, trimmed with em- > hoUers ' "mpl« £ with 3 JL -^. U ,f
: % .^. ;.K"{ShoeS 9 :. $3. 5Om^ '".I::: .- .'7 . jZ\\'i/u\-- '• broidered: -shields'; f3-5O values; Fri-. . colored banquet, candles; "p^ J
$^ : FWM- :X: ™ C^ C -*^^^ ' W I " n/R I day and SaturdW only. ....... .... . $2.68 * '. M « valne ' ***** x
*'¦'' 'Xwrm ' of ' more - than so/fnew '^styles >' il\ \ .> I jl\ I \ Wash Sailor Svlt^—^For boys 3 to" 10 years; Friday only. .. . 29o J*
Jf -WA .^ f Ladiw ' :^ 5c 5 haVi = i : / dill- I l'ncn crashts/iPcrcales and Madras; on Triday and Paper Candlejhades.. . *• J
* I W •' be " 1^ r M.toirfi^ri3. 5 o, . : /:. JA^^turd/v-- '•'••' ' ¦""¦ ¦ ¦ " : . 15c, 25c, 50o
91 / • '¦^L-- r '" - whlch a^-P^ a yy equal ¦ >-\ :' ¦ !V I -' on Silk Candle fhadis: ..'. <g!5*s* %
if, J^ - v> i|k' >n -appearance- and; wearing ' ' E p^^WsBCf^' ¦ ¦'' I '5]° V | M ". . . ¦ 8£§C :¦.•¦¦¦- 300 to 85D ' ' ' ' ' ~£
K '¦¦ ' V^<!: ''^^' ' ' -¦\''--^ l i i ™' : i° **?'-•&': : ' •'¦'&'¦¦¦'¦'' :^^ • ' : ''Ji.QO.'valiies. .:..._.... S3o ,", .' * ' J
! |lR^S#PPi^^^^^^ ¦ maHarmonia f Sale of Curtain Samples |-
. and in three styles of hejis^miliury/ Cuban ' top and French plate mirror; a well fin shed . -¦*, -^ ; These samples are 1# and 1^ yard, long J
K andLouisXV "J '. , •-::: ¦:¦-: Z^SO * r»^ 5»9^y™»de bureau, at,the very special ; /. . ¦ and from 50 to 60 inches wide. They were 5
ft i "¦"*•"*' •"•¦"••"''"¦'¦? .:'"". -^ PPce fbr, Friday .and Saturday y= ; FridaV dtld SdtUrdaV '. taken from fine Swbs-Tambour, Irish Point %
H f tnttnt* QafaXfiMfoif"' '""¦¦'¦ '¦'¦ ¦"•¦¦• ' "' * ' '' '¦¦'' •¦•"•• V**** f' ** "^" " -. ¦ ; • .• - - ¦ and Brusse's Lace Curtains, worth from, .*
LtqUOr^&aieJftaay. Wall,Poc;et-F« magazines and newspapers; O — — — O • $SOmOO w | 40 . 0O a there are i, 4, 5
» Cutter's Al Whisky— Genuine,' bottle.'. 72o ' well fihished'oak- frame; surriunding colored ( 'J '[ -y-'..' 1 — — : — . and 6 alikej »uitable : for! sash curtains, doors, «
J>. WhitejUbel StoU^G^Me»^^ttleiiby?ldc^ ; '¦ ' • ' • : " ¦ " tidies, etc.; sale price, each-. ..... 75© ¦ S
j^ MvlSa&Soafnonki^ailiMcn^StmOS ; :^ i : ; >t*-^r ; SOBCtat SalB Of ——L-LL—: • 5»
g Naglee Brandy^Th;: red .^topsV^' years old; Tapestry: 'Brussels Carpet-Heavy quality in ; F^tGP Nock Ribbons. Easter-Eat] DVCS. ' S
£ v wnlarlv 4i cohoVfV Frirf • •# #/i * a 8°°^ variety of new patterns; in all color- . ta&*e#^,,f¥fiJCfC niUBUnS. ... M*y*JOm
5 reguiariy ? i. 5 oDovue, rnoay. , . , ings; special Friday; and Saturday ' V'-'- looo'yards of this season's latest Norelties, the White Rabbit and Unions Egg - Dyes; all colors jj
j^ G;n—Thorne &.Sons; English bottling;' Friday, -;- inly/'per yard : : -.i . : '. . . . ; S*O pretty ' ring dot.sarin merveilleux ribbon, in of the rainbow; produce pretty picture" effects JT
j» bottle. .^ ...,.-.. ¦(¦;: ..v ;:... 75C : AH-\Vpol Ingrain Stmplej— 36 inches squat cj y solid 'colors,, an, exquisite, lustrous quality, . that will attract the children; guaranteed £
K v - Feather River Bourbon Whisky— Straight /making! good rugs, for bedrooms; '" 4j^ inches wide, easily worth 4S c '^gm' harmless; on special sale all this week; for £
J> goods; gallon". . . . : , .' .$2*25 special Friday and Saturday, each . &5C psr yard; Friday only ZSOi Easter package 3O "X
S . ¦¦ '¦''¦' ;-:.»' - ;- i."/ ; -**"-T- .= ¦: ¦<¦¦::.*.¦¦,¦'•¦. .¦..-¦ \<-A; ..• ,' ¦•-¦ ..* - __ - • . • ¦ ' ' - • X
THE;. EMPORIUM.
THE jEMPOBHTM.
THE \ EHPOBTTJ1C.
THE ; EMPOBITJM.
£xn Francisco, Friday. 21 March. 1003. 1
A new design, $2250 I
o — = : — ; ''.''' 6' |
One of. the. many new designs recently added to our fold- |
ing bed line is correctly pictured above. It is of the parlor |
cabinet pattern, and if our opinion is correct we will be ob- ¦
liged to duplicate our order with the makers at an early date. tl
Built of j?ray elm (hardwood) with oak paneled front and :, I
» finished a Rolden brown color. Measures 6 feet 2 inches lone: Rj
.', ? by 4 feet in width, and is equipped with a French plate mirror n
14 by 24 inches. |
All the obiectionablc features in cabinet beds are over- h
come in this bed. It is substantial in every' way — standing on |
substantial lees, has solid ends, combination metal lees and , |
handles, and is provided with a genuine National sprinc with |
a patent folding- attachment, which .-does away ' with center • |
spring: supports- and ;e|yes room for mattress of full thickness • §
y and all necessary bedding. H
* The price of the bed above is $22.50. Or you, may have \,i\ fl
it without the mirror for $20.00. E
o — — o I
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)/ j
957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate -Ayenue^j
;ust fresh from the maker, In all latest styles and shades and new- Ym\
I est effects.: Nothing like them anywhere else, and the prices are AYl]
¦ / i ¦-.'.;; •.: ama'zingly reasonable."' Mostly " in Black ..and Clay Worsteds. r VU
P ¦<:: Cheviots. and: Serges. SPECIAli PRICES...........;.. Al
; :...$T.5O, 8J>;OO.-81O.OO and S1-.5O 1
i ;SAl£oR BLOUSE SUITS in the nattiest and most delightful styles. ¦;-: Jj
almost In endless variety, /made up in Blue, Brown, Red and - //
¦ medium ' shades. SPECIAL. PRICES.... ........$1.75 to 85.00 ;//
5 'VESTEE SUITS in great variety arid 'most pleasing effects.^ Will VI <
'•¦ 1 .;«... give good. service and cannot be purchased' e!3fewhere- for tho.."^\
:, \J ;—;; money ' ........^81.45 to 83.5O '111
fv; ."Easter^Novelties diven Away With Every Child's Suit, it!
YOUTHS' SUITS, sizes from 13 to 19, all new spring shades".' from.:. - |(
%;?;...::.... , .......r..: ...85.00 to. 8ii.85» :/
f: "BOYS '• BATS and^CAPS In great profnsion— All very M
vi ' • latest styles. "Vi
Yl ;< Just "received, large line of new summer Straw Hata. All shapes ami
if ¦¦'¦¦¦ styles. * .; ¦• ¦• : .- v
1 COR. FIFTH I AND MARKET STREETS.
I ¦¦"':'-. youcan;t fail to hnd it. its tjie big corner store.
I '.'** AGENCY FOR CARHARTTS' -UNION AIADE WORKING
L ~ - • CLOTHES FOR. MEN." ITHE SAN ITJAKGISGO CALL, MARCH 21, 1902.
FRIDAY.. _.:.._..";............ MARCH^zi,. 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELSr Proprietor!
i.iirtn All CenunsnieatieBt tt W. 8. LEASE, Kamger. : |;.-
21A \ A G KK»S OFFICE ...... .Telephone Press SUM
l'LliUCATIO.\ OFFICB... Market nod Third. 8. F.
Telephone Prens 201.
CDITOHIAL HOOMS 21T to 221 Sleremon St.
Telephone Preaa 802.
Delivered hr Carrier", 15 Cent* Per"We«I%
Stnele Copies, 5 Cents.
Term* by Mall; Inclndlnjr Postacet
DATLT CAlXi (including Sunday). on» rear.. $6.00
DAIX-T CAIX Cncludlnc Sunday). 6 month* S.09
DA1LT CALL. (indudinK Sunday), S moatfcs J.KO
DAILY CALL— By Elnrle Month......... 65c
BUKDAT CALL. One Tear... 1.39
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear. 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to reeelra
subscriptions.
Etmple eoples will be forwarded when requested.
Mali onbeertben In ordering: chanm of address ahonld t«
Mrtlcslar to rlT* both KKW AND. OLD ADDRESS in order
tc Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their requrat
0AKLAAD OFFICE , 1118 Droadwny
O. GEORGE KROGXICSS.
Ktmper Tonlga Adrertlilag, Xargotttt Bnildlaj. CUetjx
<Loo* Dlstanca Telephone "Central 2819.")
NEW T0RK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CABLTOS Herald Sa«ar»
KEW'TORK REPRESENT ATTVB: t
STEFHE5 B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bnildlns
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Honae: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hatri:
Fremont' House: Auditorium Hotel. '- ¦
-WA5HI5GTOW <p. C> OFFICE. . ..14O6 G St., 3T. W.
MOKTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent. .' :.
BRAJVCH OFFICES — B2T Monteomery. comer of Clay, open
entll 8:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
Mr A Ulster, open until «:30 o'clock. 613 Larkin. open until
• :S0 o'clock. 1W1 IClsslon, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
lencia, open until 0 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until •
o'clock. KW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 0 o'clock. 2200 FUlmore. open until 9 p. m.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
'Month of February, 1902.
Feb rna ry 1 CSO.r.C.O February 15 ..... 58,730
February 2 »;!».<£!>(» February 16 70,480
February 3 r»!).iso February IT 0S,O0O
February 4 r.!».Nj»<> February 18. ... .00,230
February 5..*..S»,12O February 1» 58,770
February «l 58,7SO February 20 58,3»O
February 7 5K.44O February 21 59,780
February 8 r.s.:»;o February 22. ... .50,140
February U <>».OX0 February 23 70,100
February 1O. . . . .5S,f)3O February 24 50,110
* ebruary 11 r.v...MH> February 25. . . . .58,f)2O
February 12 CK.S5O February 2O 50,840
February 13 5S,:t3O February 27. .. .'.50,310
February 14 58,780 February 28 58,540
Total 1^095,380
state of California] >
city and county of san francisco, j m -
On this 15th day of March. 1902. personally appeared
before me. "William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the
city and county aforesaid, W. 3. Martin, who, being sworn
according to law, declares that he Is the business manager, of
the San Francisco Call, a dally newspaper published in the
j City and County of San Francisco, State of California, and
that there were printed and distributed during the month of
February. 1902. one million six hundred and ninety-five thou
rand three hundred and eighty (1.695,380) copies of the said
newspaper, which number divided by twenty-eight (the number of
days of issue) gives an average daily circulation of 60,549 copies.
SEAL. j i W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th day of
March. 1902. W. T. HESS.
Notary Public .in and, for the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Eldg.
A CLEVER YOUNG ACTRESS
WHO PLATS TABITHA IN
"JANICE MEREDITH." .•
Special Information j supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
gomery < street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California; glace fruit. 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bai
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
¦ 1 - -i>- -1 - m*iWV
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhoimd candy. Townsend's. •
The remainder of the cast - seemed
rather at odds with their parts.. with the
er.ceptlons. of Emmet Shackleford, who
was good ns Colonel Itahl, and Robert
Lowe, who was a respectable Charles
Fownes.
for the rest of the week in the cast of
"La Madeleine" as Ton! Touchette.
; HOTEL. DEL, CORONADO. choicest Wlntei
Resort \ in the world, offers best Hying/ climate,
boating. ; bathlnsr fishing and -most :¦ amuse
ments. E. . S. Babcock, manager. Coronado, Cal.
President Roosevelt , is .reported, to : have said that
when' he leaves the 'White House he will write • a , his
tory' of Texas, and now it is safe to say nearly every
cowboy : will • expect to .figure in .. it . as : a, representa
tive of .strenuous life and ' prominent citizenship/',;'
The State of New York - intends 5 to ' appropriate
$100,006 to pay for its representation at the. St? Louis
exposition. ' But perhaps California does not; need a
hint-in; reference to her duty in this vitally. important
inatte*" ' . .• .: '. . .
' *' /""
Officers high in the counsels of the United States
army seem. to have entered upon a period in which
all of them have something disparaging to, say of the
others. /They should have' a care that all of them, in
the opinion of the American public, be not Starred-,
with' the same stick. : '
"It will: be noted that Embassador von ; Holleben
kept, rightf "along saying nothing about 'the -charges
brought'; against him, and as a; consequence ; the < sub :
ject: has.been.alriiostiforgotten. . It: sometimes 'pays
to be a diplomatist arid to have learned how and
when , to ' keep your . mouth ¦ shut* '¦ ; : ? N . "i r ¦"¦ I '¦'••
Calif ornians in New York.
• NEW; YORK, March ; 20.— The following
Calif ornians are : In . New York: ' • V
"From-.' San v . Franciscoy-Q. - Martin '. and
wife,' at. the Vendome; - : Miss Apperson,
Mrs. 1 P. Ar Hearst, 1 1.' M.' Scott,' at the.Hol^
land ; • H. . A. * Fisher, ¦ at ; the ; Bartholdi ; O
C.'Huefuss, ' atVUnion Square; H. A. Yu
zuk, at the Grand; M. Boynteson, M.- H
Hecht, ¦ Miss Hecht,"; Miss ; Larson," at * tht
Savoy ; - D. M. Morris,' at . the Imperial ; R.
H. ; iPease ; and wife,', Miss : M.; Pease, at the
Albemarle; .W. 1 C. ' Winters ! and'.wif e," at
the Grand; Union. '
From : San Jose— A. Salyer and wife, at
the 'Morton.^ . .'
President Benjamin.'.Ide Wheeler in an address to
the Teachers' Institute, sounded , a warning that the
United States must beware of any entangling alliance
with any foreign power. President Wheeler 'is not
the only, one who believes that because Uncle Sam"
has become a big boy, he must not therefore try to
play the games of the other big fellows..
. In; a- newi comic opera' just produced in; the East
the scene Ms- laid -in and 'the plot repre
sents, the SuJtanoFySulu' trying to divorce his eight
wives in order, to marry ; a \ Boston girl; and while
such a situation would be comic enough, it - seems
hardly compatible with a ( guiet , town like Philadel
phia. The' scene should be shifted to" Omaha.
ADJACENT. LAND-G. S.., City. The
law of this, State. is as follows^in regarc
to adjacent, lands: ".. "Each cotermlnou;
owner is entitled : to the lateral* and . sub
adjacent^ support /which land Vreceive;
from the -.adjoining' land, subject ' to . tht
right of the. owner, of the adjoining lam
to make, proper, and usual escalations 01
the, same for purposes of construction, or
using ordinary, care and skill, and takln?
reasonable precautions "to sustain " th<
land *>t the other ', and . giving • previou;
reasonable notice to the other of his In
tention'- to = make - such excavation." "Ap
ply this law to the case In question anc
you have. the answer to ".your query.
Some of our friends' are again showing
their kindly and' altogether unsolicited interest in our
affairs by accusing us, in conjunction with /Great
Britain and Germany, ( of responsibility for "rebel vic
tories in China.' The dignity of: being: a "worfd
power" has after all some disadvantages, if European
nonsense may be. considered a disadvantage.
, BLACK LEG— B.B., Quail, Los Angeles
County, Call. There is.so itis. said.no
cure', for black: leg in cattle. * There are,
however, various . methods that are pre
ventives if applied in'.time.' j There are ; so
many ; different ' stages of the , disease and
so ; many methods -that -this department
has not the space to devote to them. ; The
safest -thing to do is to call in the . ser
vices, of some 1 one who is versed ' in the
disease, t who- will do the proper thing at
the propertlmeJ ' Experimenting with un
known, remedies will- result iri, the loss oi
the cattle. . ¦,¦ gMflreffffffiB
FUR BEARING ANIMALS— G. E. N.
Monterey, Cal. There "is a Federal la\*
which declares that it is .unlawful '.to kii:
otter, and . other fur bearing animals ir
Alaskan waters without the permission 01
the Secretary of the Treasury. -There is
also a law • which declares - that it is un
lawful', to kill, capture or hunt any fui
seals -in the waters of the Pacific Ocean
north of -the 35th ; degree of latitude, in
cluding ' the Bering Sea .and' 7 sea. o:
Okhotsk. :-.''¦' /¦..:''
SUBSIDIES— A Subscriber,;,
Cal.i In. the question you ask you do not
state the government that you say grants
oubsidies to certain- .vessels. . Without
knowing. which subsidies you'desire to be
informed 'about, . this department
answer your query. .
BASEBALL RULES— R. L. G., San
Martin, Cal. . Books on baseball and
rules ' governing the game may be- ob
tained at a small cost from or through
any first class book seller.
The issue involved in the increasing demand " for
an enlarged water supply becomes more urgent^ with
each succeeding year. It is important that consider- ;
ation* be. given to it at once. Far more imperative
than the question of what rates may be charged for
water is that of obtaining an ample supply, so that
there will be no. danger of a water famine even in dry
years. The matter merits the attention of capitalists
who are seeking investments. Since we are charged
to be careful of water even in a year of abundant
:a1ns like this, what will' happen when with a larger,
population than at present the city is called upon to
face a prolbaged drought' aria a winter of deficient
Under such circumstances the company has acted
wisely in trying to pffcvent waste, but that amount of
wisdom is not sufficient to; the . emergency. San
Francisco nefcds notia restricted use of;water, but a
more abundant" supply, so that the use may continue
without restriction. - •*
The appearance of such a request immediately after
the heavy rains of last month and in the face of good
prospects of abundant spring rains is full of signifi
cance to the people of San Francisco.. It reveals the
fact that despite all their .assertions' to the contrary
the officials of the Spring -Valley Water Company are
fearful of a deficient water supply. r . They are pot
assured- that even with the -good rains of the year
they have water enough : to meet the demands of the
city through the dry season that is to come.
The Call has no antagonism to the Spring. Valley
Water Company, but in the interests of 1 the city it
feels called upon to <5irect attention to r the seeming
inability of the- company to deal with 'the water' sup
ply problem in a proper manner. Again and again'
of late there have been evidences of the,- deficiency of •
the Spring Valley. supply.- Only a' short- time ago it
was shown that the company had been using water
from Point Lcbos Creek to supply a portion of the
city, notwithstanding the fact that the watershed of
the creek was contaminated, and the municipal au-;
thoritie3 were compelled to interfere before the com
pany ceased to make use of it. It is known, too, the
the Lake Merced supply is becoming deficient and
unfit for household purposes. Thus the supply of
the company is gradually diminishing/while the de
mand is steadily increasing.
BY the Spring Valley Water Company there has
been distributed through the city a card urg
ing consumers to be careful in the use of
water. The card, which is signed by . George E.
Booker, chief clerk, runs thus: "To the consumers
of Spring Valley water: You are respectfully re
quested not to use the hose to wash the sidewalk
and pavement in front of your premises, not to keep
'standing irrigators' running on your garden ¦ and
lawn, and to have all waste stopped at once."
DEFICIENT WATER SUPPLY.
CONSUL FOR CHILE— A. S.. Auburn.
Cal. , The Consul. for Chile, resident iri San
Francisco, is Juan Astorga Perelra, 606
Montgomery street. .
. FROM MAMLET— A. A. E., 1 City. "Lay
not that flattering unction to. your soul"
Is from Shakespeare's "Hamlet," act III,
scene 4. . . .
In the inventory of the estate" it is said these loans
will, have to be putjupon "what is known to financial
people as the cat and dog list." : Just why that. name
should be given to .the loans is not clear. To the
public it would seem more appropriate .to refer to it
as'the.."aviary" 1 list,; since it is to represent money
that Huntington threw at the birds. That, however,
is-a minor matter. - fhe main point is that Talleyrand
was right in saying we should "call no man wise'un
til we have read his .letters," though in this case we
should substitute "notes" for letters. -We*; none of us
know one another. '.Mr. Huntington seems to have
been a good fellow and a -soft thing to a great many,
people after, all., :\ . .
¦ Such being- the well nigh universal opinion con
cerning Mr. Huntington the report that his papers
show that he loaned rpward of $2,000,000 to all kinds
of persons for all sorts of schemes without security
will have a tendency to weaken faith in popular
judgment. So far from holding his coin with a firm
grip Mr. Huntington seems to! have hardly held it
at all. In describing the various "small loans, which
in the aggregate make up "the millions of vanished
capital, the report says: "These were personal loans,
some to his friends, some to mere acquaintances and
sbme to strangers.,., Many of these claims are against
women. In fact, it-appearj that the millionaire was
peculiarly susceptible to applications to loans from
his female friends."*
x tt t HEN the late lamented Collis P.'Hunting
\/\ / ton sa'rd that no one^would ever be able to
'* » .track him through life by the quarters he
had dropped the world believed him, and thos.e who
thought they knew him best believed him most firmly.
No one doubted' that Collis kept a strong grip on his
coin and never let it dripple' through his fingers.
Mr. Huntington, in fact, was looked upon as a man
who practiced what he preached, a philosopher who
illustrated his teaching by his action, and not only
lured men to thrift but led the way.
; For a long, time past it has 'been foreseen that the
treaties would not be sustained by the people. There
was, however, a • possibility;; that : some of them might
be- ratified by the Senate, and accordingly the coun
try wili be gratified by the announcement that they
are virtually defeated already, since it' has been deter
mined to amend them so as to require the ratification
of , both houses' of Congress. All is well that ends
well.- : V ''M ' i-; "' '•
DISPATCHES from Washington report that
by way of settling the' controversy over the
right of the House to a voice in ratifying or
rejecting reciprocity . treaties the Senate/committee
will recommend the amendment of each treaty by a
provision that "this lrcatyshall not become effective
until the same shall, have been approved- by Con
gress." Such amendment, if adopted,- will put an
end to the present controversy, but will not settle the
claims of the .-House to a right to a share in the con
sideration of treaties affecting monetary questions.
The Senators, in. fact, propose to concede as^a privi
lege in this case what the House claims as a right in
all such cases. It enables the two houses to avoid an
ugly, wrangle, and, while it does not surrender any
principle contended for by the Senate," will doubtless
serve as a precedent in .similar cases arising iii the
future. • .
.In another respect the proposed- amendment will
prove, a matter of high importance, for it will effec
tually put an end to the treaties. The .House will
never, ratify them, even should -the Senate be willing
to do:so. The country will be glad to have this
quietus put upon the schemes!' -The 'treaties "'"' were
not •-'reciprocity" treaties in accordance ; with the
definition of the term by the Republican party. .In
stead .'of providing'-, for new markets' for American
goods by ,'opening our own markets for goods not
produced, at- home, they - sacrificed some American
interests for- the sake of advancing others. In some
of the .treaties the sacrifices were very great. Thus
Senator, Aldrich,. '.in' speaking of the French treaty,
called it "a pernicious agreement" arid said that in
making . the concessions provided by its terms the
United States would obtain- from France • no niore
than the ; low tariff* fates of that country which' are
unconditionally granted to other countries and
should be ours of right.
THE. END OP THE v! TREATIES;
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
NOT a large, but an interested au
dience; greeted Blanche Walsh and
her supporting company in "Janice
Meredith" yesterday afternoon at
the Columbia Theater.
The chief interest of the performance
naturally centered in \ Miss Walsh's as
sumption of the role made' so attractive
by ' Mary Mannerinjj., on her recent visit
here; -It is a part rather out of key with
Miss Walsh's repertoire, with I its strong
comedy" interest, and the opportunity, of
comparison of Miss Walsh with' herself
and with Mary Mannerlng was one to be
valued.- Her work surprised. Though In
the beginning of the play the actress
seemed out of sympathy with the part,
wanting, spontaneity and the lightness of
touch essential, she later warmed to her
work, and in the third act gave a strong
and humorously sketched-in scene that
was amply .convincing. The emotional
element, curiously enough, rather lacked
conviction, noticeably in the scene where
the rebel lover of Janice returns to her to
find himself in the very jaws of the loyal
ists, Miss Walsh quite falling to give the
atmosphere of terror. The climax of the
third act Is also rather under than over
acted, but on the whole It Is a pleasing
performance, and, though without any
imperative claim, could yet be advantage
ously Included in Miss Walsh's repertoire.
Tabitha, a pretty part, was prettily taken 1
by Miss Rose Braham, a graceful and
prepossessing young woman, who is lost
PERSONAL MENTION.
C. H. Rlege, a paper manufacturer of
Fresno, is at the Lick House.
Dr. Bliss Perry of Boston Is at the Pal
ace. Dr. Perry Is editor of the Atlantic
¦Monthly and has 'come West to deliver
the chapter address at the University of
California.
Joslah Austin, E. Frank Brewster and
John H. Stodman,- business men and
bankers of Rochester, N. Y., are af the
California. Mr. Stedman is Interested In
mining: properties In. this State.
Lake Superior is the deepest of the
Great Lakes. Its. greatest depth Is 1003
feet and the lake Is 601 feet above the
level of the sea.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract ta the fixed «tand
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. lathe
finest, purest vanilla extract that can be bought.
COLLIS AND^ HIS COIN.
The alert Republican press of the State perceives the danger and has given warn
ing to the public. It : is a significant fact, too, whose meaning should not be overlooked,
that certain organs that pose as representatives; of Democracy have given no warning on
the sub'ject, but tacitly support Gage and the commission scheme. Trie fight against
Gage and the corporation bosses. 'is then distinctly a /Republican fight for the honor of
the party: and the welfare of California. To the rank and file of trie party that appeal
comes. It -is for genuine .Republicans to decide whether' a Democratic railroad boss shall
be ..permitted by the aid of discredited and corrupt" schemers, posing as Republicans, to
get control,pf the party convention and dictate the. nomination of a man who if elected
will deliver the State into the hands of corporations. "That is the issue. Republicans
must attend to it. * . >ii\ .-'h ¦ - \- ': . > :^ ' rt '
It is true 'that after the first appointment the vacancies arising from the. retire
ment of commissioners, one of whom goes out every two years, are. to be filled by elec
tion of the people, but the appointees of Gage would be in a majority, of the commission
for six years to; cbmef;- They would be clothed with authority tb fix rates for every kind
of public utility. : Local self-government so far as those things are concerned would be
utterly abolished. No city nor county nor town in the' State, would any longer have
power to regulate its service of even such local utilities as water and gas. The people
would be>absolutely subject in such matters to 1 the commission,and it is an easy prediction
that the commission would be subject to the corporations.
With such a scheme under way it is easy to understand, why the bosses who live
by the spoils of politics and the henchmen of the corporations .are working tooth and
nail' for Gage. It is easy to perceive why Herrin, though a Democrat, should be busily
engaged in co-operating with Kelly, Burns, Burke,' "Lynch and Crimmins, to procure the
renomination of the Governor by getting control of the Republican State convention.
To Herrin it is not a question of party politics, nor' indeed is it to -the others, for none
of them cares any more about Republicanism than Herrin does. With all of them it-.is a
fight for the chestnuts of political spoil, and Gage is the catspaw by which they hope to
¦ A peculiar feature of the amendment is triat it provides that no one shall be
eligible for membership of the' {commission who as [either directly or indirectly interested
in any of the corporations under the supervision of the commission!. That means that no
one who holds stock in any bank, express, railroad, water,. light, power^ telephone, tele
graph, insurance or other corporations of the-kind, or who is an attorney for such cor
porations, or who is even indir/ectly interested iri any of those corporations, can become
a member of- the commission. ..'. Nearly ey'ery man of business 'enterprise is debarred. The
officejis to be for politiciahs, or for men. who are willing to: commit. perjury with respect
to' their property interests,, for the purpose of holding the office. . Can: any : intelligent
man have a doubt as to what kind of tax-eaters would be appointed to the commission;
under that restricting clause, by, such a man as Gage? . ".: '¦'/.:.' '¦'"'
The Call and other independent -papers of the State have repeatedly directed at
tention to the. menace, contained in the proposal !to create .this autocratic commission,
but it is worth while to go /over it again/. The scheme is embodied in Avhat is known as
Assembly Constitutional Amendment No. 28." Iti provides for the creation of a commisT
sion to be - appointed by the Governor, and to be composed of .five members, one;- of
whom is to hold^ office for two years, another for four, a third for six, a fourth for'eight,
and; the fifth for ten years. This commission is to have supervision and virtual control of
railrpad, sleeping-car, ex'press,,telegraph,*telephone, water, light, power, -banking and insur
ance -companies. It is to supervise and. regulatfe all their dealings with the public.
With that commission under their, control the corporations could do as they, please. The
¦ public would' be at the mercy of the bosses. ; : ' s J .
'X f ""¥.-.. T HI LE the effort of the allied fosses ;to force the renomination of Governor
» \ /Y / Qage": constitutes the most salient feature of ;4:heir : policy, "the public must not
I \f i \f overlook^ the fact-/ that' tiack;> of the. fight f "-for the 'Governorship there is
* another and i a bigger scheriie-^that of bringing about the creation of a State
commission clothed with' such powers as will give the bosses and the corporations who
employ them virtual control '.of all the public .utilities 'in; the ['¦ State; Tjie bosses desire' the
creation of this commission. wKile Gage is in office in order that ..He; may appoint their
henchmen to the places, and they are working for his renomination and re-election hr or
der to bind him to them for that and for other services.' • .
SCHEME OF THE BOSSES.
BLANCHE WALSH ASSUMES ROLE
OUT OF KEY WITH REPERTOIRE
6
AMUSEMENTS.
— — — —^— > f ;
Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher.", •
California— "Nathan Hale."
Tivoli— "The Serenade."
Central — "The Bowery After Dark."
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Columbia— "La Madeleine."
Orj>heum — Vaudeville.
Grand - Opera-hou«e — "Cleopatca."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Norrls & Howe's Big Shows.
Kxcurslon on the Bay — Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day, i
By M'-Glynn & Menton — This Cur. at 12:15 o'clock, stock
of the Florcs Hale & Company, at room 22. Chronicle building.
By W'm. G. Laync — Tuesday, March 25, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, Vehicle*, etc., at 721 Howard street. .
AUCTION SALES.
DCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO JooOOOOC^^T^^^lS^^^"™ 11 ™ 11 *
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOaoOOOOOOOOOOOQQQQ
300000000000 / ~. _ _
xr m . nsgoooggggggog
DoTou Want to-Ssc a Photo- ggggggggggggg
graph. of Dennett? . . • Sgggggggggggc
DOOOOOOOOOOOO Ot-j'"jt . ' OOOOOOOOOOOOC
Doodooooooooc * jQe hundred photographs were submit* ooooooooooooc
Sgggggggggggg by The Sunday CaU to Krone, Leha. gg§gggg§ggggc°
ooooooooooooo nier, Stengel and Schell, the only men ooooooooooooc
DOOOOOOOOOOOO f. ¦ it. ' t .- . ** . OOOOOOOJOOOOC
3000000000000 knowato have seen the murderer of Nora ooqoooooooooc
Sggggggggg'ggg F ~^thelr .elections^ compo, ggggggggggggg
doooooooooooo site photo gives a likenrss of Bennett, ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo -• " """" ooooooooooooc
doooooooooooo ShnirTHI 1x7fiTnnTn<« ?*« C«L. i ooooooooooooc
doooooooooooo •jHOUIU WOippiUg in jCnOOlS ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo ¦ p. *• t* •• ¦«« - crooooooooooo o
ooooooooooooo U.Z ADOlISneuf ooooooooooooc
doooooooooooo -.'_. ~ . „ ooooooooooooo
doooooooooo'oc Kead what Teacher, Parent ani Ptioil ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo . . ... . , «*«ujrupu ooooooooooooc
aqaooooooop o.o -.' • riave toaay./ ooooooooooooc
adodooooooooo •¦•.__.—'¦' ;~ : ' ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo Mu Exnenenc^^ In n^li-w ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo * V LA r" ltut " HI C3lCr. ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO .Bv Caotain T\~1r-W,~- J OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooooooooo " ' <-api3in uetcnemendy. ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo f% xr "i> x •* .. ooooooooooooc
ggggggggggggg Can You Describe Your Best- ggggggggggggs
ooooooooooooo FrTrnrl? ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOC * * 1W1U 1 OOOOOOQOOOOOC
ooooooooooooo Another Tee*N»-r» c j ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo "noincr 1 es* iNext Sunday. ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo • ,, m« i • • ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo : XVlZlKllMl a Hntne> n ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooc »»»i**>aixjj u aAUlUc. ooooooooootoo
ooooooooooooo An Every "Day Talk to Evirw.naw P,«.t, ooooooooooooc
oooooooooqooc - i v> r lo crer 7 Ui 7 " eo P le 000000000600c
ooooooooooooc •" • Rev. r. K. Biker* ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo '¦ • '" ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo Thf* Bnmr» «/?/»*• ; «t C«. M C».J ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo * * 1C romances 01 otantord. oooooooo 0.0 ooc
ooooooooooooo ¦ ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO Dnit»ff' nt-T>* _ ' •- .. «•• ? OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooooooocooooo -*^2 C5 O* lnterCSliniJ SlOnCS. ooooooooooooc
ooooooooooooo I - - " : * ' ¦ ;¦ - .* . ooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOO ' OOOOOOOOOOOOC
ooo 0 oooo 000 sggoggggg°gg°gg 00 g^
Iliill'Ii OUT NEXT. SUNDAY, MARCH 30, • ooooooSo
oooooooo ___ •¦ , oooooooo
gggggggg THE SUNDAY CALL'S sggggg-gg
sliilsil G ?EAT EASTER EDITION, iiiiiiii
OOOOOOOO P«.«nf-nrl»nf ' t'r«. OOOOOOOO
oooooooo . p *enoeai m beautiful colors and unsurpassed in articles oooooooo
ggggoggo cIhuma ° Merest appertaining to the glorious Easter Day. ¦ %% 1% It %%
¦^ o o o o o c o cNathan Jacobs, a well-known traveling
man employed by Cahn. Nlckelsburg &
Co., was found dead last Wednesday
night at his residence, 326 Haight street.
H« had been suffering for a long time
•with Brlght's aisease of the kidneys, and
it was thought at first that he had sud
denly succumbed because of that ail
ment, but suicide was suspected when
among his medicine bottles was found a
small vial unlabeled and containing a
whitish powder with the faint odor or
cyanide of potassium. About a heapir.s
teaspoonful had been taken out of the
vial.
Mr. Jacobs was a native of Sacramento,
about 44 years cf age. He arrived last
Wednesday evening from the southern
part of the State, where he had been en
gaged on a business trip. He was In good
spirits and told his wife that he was go
ing downtown to attend to some business
matters. He thereupon went out, and his
wife left the house soon afterward. She
returned about midnight and found her
husband's body lying on the bed.
The vial and contents have been sent to
the City Chemist for examination.
Found Among* His Medicine
Bottles Near By.
Vial Supposed to Contain Poison
NATHAN JACOBS DIES
HT A STJSPICIOTJS WAY
Tax Collector Smith notified Mayor
Schmitz yesterday that the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company was delinquent in the
sum of $76 for license taxes due the city.
Smith requests the Mayor to direct tho
Auditor to deduct the amount from the
bills of the company for lighting the Har
bor Hospital. I
Corporation Evades . License Taxes.
Car No. 209 of the Hayes street lino
jumped the rails as it was crossing Van
Ness avenue last night about 8 o'clock.
The rear truck swung around in such a
position as to wedge the flange of the
wheels in the slot. , After a delay of an
hour the car was replaced and continued
on its journey. No one was injured in
the accident. < , v .
Street-Car Jumps Track.
Carl Humberg, a stevedore, fell oft
Spear-street wharf at an early hour this
morning and had a narrow escape from
drowning. His cries attracted the at
tention of Night Watchman Evan Jack
son, who, with the assistance of an
other man, pulled Humberg out of the
water. He was taken to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital and resuscitated.
Falls Off the Wharf.
found guilty of a charge of "trying: to
disrupt the union," preferred maliciously,
as he says, by John Bell, the secretary.
He charges that he was not given a fair
and impartial trial.
BAKERSFIHLD, March ¦ 20. — Th'e California
Supply Company has instituted suit . in the
Superior Court cgainst the Wizard /Oil Com
pany and William Tyler to foreclose - a me
chanics' lien for §1518 52 and costs.-
¦ On ; Thursday, the 13th. inst, a class of
twenty-eight members of the Masonic fra
ternity, met in the Masonic Temple in this
city und ' had communicated to them .de
grees 19 to 29, inclusive of the Scottish rite,
namely:' 19,; grand; pontiff;' 20,, master ad
vltam; 21, patriarch noachite; 22, Prince of
Libanus; 23, : chief of 'the tabernacle- 24
prince, of the tabernacle; 25, knight of the
brazen serpent; 26, prince of: mercy; 27,
'.commander .of the temple; 28, knight of
the sun; and 29, knight of St. Andrew.
Last night, the class again appeared in
the temple, when the 30th > degree, grand
elect knight, K.H.i or knight of the white
and black eagle, was conferred with very
impressive ceremonies by Charles iL. Pat
ton, i precentor of Godfrey de* St. Omar
[ Council ¦ No. 1 1 of 'the : Knights* Kadcsh." ¦ It
was strictly a ceremonial affair. . •
High Degrees in. Masonry.
, John V Gavin,:; a. member of the Pacific
Coast Marino • Firemen's '- Union, is suing
for an Injunction restraining the ' ; union
from expelling him'at * the i meeting* to "be
held March 23. He alleges . that he was
Says He Was Not Fairly,Tried.
' Dr. Julius Go«bel of Stanford University
delivered another of his . entertaining: and
instructive, lectures last evening at Arlon
Hall, Post street,' on "German Humor and
! German ¦' Humorists," showing 'that tho
Teuton is witty, intensely droll and do
lightfully original, not alone as a writer,
. but ; as - orator, and * raconteur.' v The pro
(fessor . delivered a ; number of •. quotations
frommany ;of ..the German authors. ¦¦ and
the anecdotes and stories caused roars of
laughter— a good, proof, indeed, of the
brilliancy of German humor. • There, wan
;a large and appreciative audience, and at
'the close of the lecture Dr. Goebel wa s
tendered a .vote of thanks. ' .
Lectures on ¦ German Humor.'
count. date, stanainp.
Alpers ....15,010 1,319 » 14,621
Bent ..' 10,112 1,204 14,848
ERgers J5,0. r >3 1,302 14,501
Wilson 16,517 ' 1,179 ? 15,338
Coghlan .15,(380 1,016 14.670
Reagan 15,434 1,045 14.389
WaJsh 15,S8« J.011 14.R45
Finn ../... V.MG.595 1,024 14.S71
Heavy Josses on the part of the Labor
party candidates in the Supervisorial re
count still continue and the prospect of
Alpers retaining his office is growing
brighter. Seven precincts were canvassed
yesterday, the fourteenth and fifteenth of
the Thirty-first, the eighth of the,Thirty
second, the eighteenth of the Thirty
fourth and the fourteenth, fifteenth; and
sixteenth of the Twenty-ninth.. Reagan
lost 48, Walsh 49 and Cojrhlan 51, while
Alpers lost but 23 and Eggers 19. The
standing of the interested parties is as
follows:
Official Loss to Present
Supervisorial Recount Pro
gresses.
Alpers' Chance Grows Brighter as the
labor candidates;
CONTINUE TO LOSE
A delegation from the West of. Castro
Street Improvement Club waited on Mayor
Schmitz yesterday • to enlist his aid In
urging the Board of Education to . have
plans Immediately prepared for a new
schoolhouse In Noo Valley. The board re
cently purchased a lot on the corner of
Twenty-fourth and Douglass streets, but
no action' has beon taken to erect the
building. The delegation consisted of H.
W. ..Qualman, John A.. Cotter and Max
Popper. After they had stated their de
slre for better school accommodations
Mayor Schmitz , summoned Director
Woodward to his office by telephone. The
Mayor . then requested Woodward to in*
troducettho necessary resolution- at the
board's next meeting requesting the
Board of Works to prepare the necessary
plans. . • ,
Aid of Mayor Schmitz to Pro
cure Plans Immediately.
Improvement Club Delegates Enlist
"WANTS NEW , SCHOOLHOTJSE
IN NOE VALLEY DISTRICT
Attorney Peter F. Dunne made the
opening argument for tne prosecution and
Attorney Hutton for the defendant. At
torney Barrett for the defendant and' As
sistant District Attorney Alford will ad
dress the jury thin morning, and it is ex
pected the case will go to the Jury in the
afternoon.
. The trial of Edward Duncan . on . the
charge of murdering George W. Rice, the
non-union machinist at Twentieth and
Howard streets on Occtober 11, was con
tinued before a Jury in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday. The defense closed by
putting John E. Dwyer on the stand,
who testified as to Duncan's character.
In rebuttal the prosecution called Hen
ry Schlictmann, grocer. Twentieth and
Shotwell streets, and W...B. Hatch, who
was in the grocery at the time of the
murder, and both declared that the state
ments of the defendant and his witness,
Edward Robinson, that the defendant
came out of the grocery at the time of
the murder, were falise, and that the de
fendant wan not in the ffrocery at all.
James McElroy of Engine Company 10,
Detectives Ryan, Bailey, Fitzgerald and
Graham and Policeman Lycett were also
called In rebuttal.
Two- Important Witnesses Called to
Rebut Statements Made by.
Defendant.
DTJNCA1TS CASE WILL
V GO TO JURY. TO-DAY
The Mission Improvement Union 'peti
tioned the board to recommend to the Su
pervisors that a sufficient amount be-ap
propriated to have Valencia street from
Eighteenth street south repaved with
smooth pavement. •,
.In tho north central district. $40,018 35
has been expended on Pine, Sacramento,
California,. Front and Stockton streets
Rnd Sharp place, leaving a balance of
$24,951 to. Of this $14,200 is about to be ex
pended on ¦ Clay street, from Sansome to
Davis streets, and on Washington street,
between Sansome and Battery streets.
. Secretary Leo J. Park submitted to the
Board of Works yesterday a statement
showing the condition of the special ap
propriations' for repaving streets during
the present fiscal ycaxs • The statement
shows that contracts have been let.for re
paving t>locks on Post, O'Farrell and
Bush streets, aggregating $6845 45. Of the
$114,613 approprated for paving designated
streets tho sum of .$50,588 83 has been ex
pended ' on Bush. Polk, Fourth, Fifth,
Sixth, Spear and Folsom streets. The bal
ance of $64,024 17 has been apportioned for
paving Van Ness avenue, Market street
west of Van Ness avenue and the Mts
filon road! the contracts for which have
not boen let, -and the paving of Valencia,
from Market. to Eighteenth street, which
is now in progress. The sum of $18,785 49
has been Hpent In work. In front of city
property, leaving a balance of $214 51 in
tho fund. ¦ '¦• -'-¦?
Money Spent in Repaving Streets.
• The Supervisors' Street Committee de
ferred consideration for one week on the
petition of the Presidio and Ferries Rail
road for franchises covering their present
route and other extensions' in the resi
dence and business districts. The peti
tions of the Market-street Railway Com
pany for franchises on streets leading to
the Presidio will be taken up at the same
time! *
The Board of "Works will report on the
petition of Thomas Magee for the re
moval of a saloon in front of property at
Sixth and Irwin streets. Magee in the
meanwhile will confer with A. Ruef, at
torney for the owner of the saloon,: in an
endeavor to adjust the matter.
A.' Furrer promised to remove certain
fences in the San Miguel district from
Howth and Tara streets complained of by
residents of the district.
On the»petition of the Western Addition
Improvement Club the ordinance regulat
ing the temporary obstruction of streets
during building operations was amended
so that all debris may be ordered removed
by the Board of Works at any time.be
f6fe the completion of the building.^ •"
The Board of Works' recommendation
that Clay < street, between Sansome and
Davis, and Washington street, between
Sar.some and Battery, be repaved, at a
cost of $14,200, was favorably reported
upon.
Street Committee to
Hear Petitions of Rival
Corporations.
DEFERS ACTION
ON FRANCHISES
TWO ; MEN ABE" ARRESTED ;v. £
ON iBTTRGLARY CHARGE
Two men were booked at the City Prison
last night on • charges of burglary. One
of. them gave his name as Edward Top
ping. \ He was brought in by Detectives
Ryan and O'Dea. He was last employed
as a bellboy at the Florence Hotel on
Powell and Ellis streets, and a quantity
of jewelry and clothing belonging to the
lodgers disappeared comcidently with his
departure. Some of the plunder was re
covered at his rooms when he was ar
rested. His plan was to obtain employ
ment at a hotel and after securing knowl
edge of the premises quit work. Subse
quently he would return and rob the
rooms. Several downtown lodging-houses
where he obtained situations suffered
from his depredations. A bunch of about
fifty keys was found in ! his possession
when he was arrested. He had an accom
plice, whom the police expect to capture
in a short time. ' ; .".•¦-
James Flannerywas the second burglar
and he was arrested by the same detec
tives. He is accused of stealing laundry
bundles from the Electric Laundry on
Folsom street, near fourth. The propri
etor claims that he has lost laundry for
several years past, the amount which
he had to refund to his customers reach-
Ing the sum of $7000. When Flannery was
captured he had in his possession a bun
dle of laundry valued at $10, which had
been taken from the Electric Laundry.
Entrance was gained by unlocking the
door to the room where the bundles were
left for the drivers to deliver.
"Statements are accredited bv this
company to the field assistants and pur
porting to come from bureau reports that
are grossly incorrect," said Mr. Aubury.
The attention of the United States pos
tal authorities will be called by. the State
Mineralogist to advertising matter pass-
Ing from this State through the mails, in
which false and misleading statements
are made for the purpose of persuading
parties dwelling abroad to buy mining
stocks.
In his search for information concern
ing the representations made by minlnjj
companies in their literature Mineralogist
Aubury said ttiat he also took exception
to misleading statements that have been
made in a prospectus issued by the Min
aret Mining, Milling and Smelting Com
pany, with ofHces in the Flood building in
this city. . •
Mineralogist Aubury says that the use
of the name of the State Mining Bureau
on the literature is misleading. Fred C.
Mathyas is quoted under date of Decem
ber 8, 1890, as assistant of the State Min
ing Bureau, as making statements con
cerning the Sunset Mining Company prop
erty. Mr. Mathyas was not in the bureau
at that time and had not been for two
years previously. '
In the literature of the 'Sunset Mining-'
Company several enterprises are adver-'
Used in very glowing terms. Among these
is the Sunset mine, which, it is promised
will pay 24 per cent per annum; the Amer- I
lean Mining, Milling and Melting-Com-
pany, which promises 180 per cent per
annum; the Lomaii- Gold Mining Com
pany, which offers 75 per cent per an
num profit, and the American Land, Cat
tle and Mining Company, which is adver
tised to have paid dividends of from 50
to 175 per cent per annum since the second
year of its formation.
Of the numerous claims which the Sunset
Mining Company reports to be working only
one was found to be In operation, this being
the Old Glory, which is abdut four miles from
Oroville. *A deed has passed to the Sunset
Mining Company for this property, but the
owner of the claim holds a mortgage to secure
payment of the purchase price, which price Is
reported to be $6000. Some locations have
been made there, but no development work has
been performed upon them. While a number
of men are employed on the Old Glory mine
no evidence can be found that the property is
fabulously rich.
Only One Property Working.
IJ Is reported to me by my representative
that . the Amo, which Is represented In the
literature of the Sunset Mining Company as
being an active hydraulic mine, has not been,
in • operation for a year and before that it
was operated only to a limited extent. .The
literature represents that thin property was
operating under a special United States Gov
ernment license and was most successfully
working. The values found In this claim are
reported to me to be insufficient to pay operat
ing expenses, much less enormous dividends.
It is also represented in the company's liter
ature that the company has a 'dredger iu opera,
tlon near Orovllle. It Is reported by my rep
resentative that no dredger can be found on
the iiver belonging to the company, but the
company has some land there. It was inti
mated to my representative by responsible
parties residing near Oroville that G. \V. Rum
ble, the manager of the Sunset Mining Com
pany, had photographs taken of the Conti
nental dredger and of another dredger belong
ing to other Dartles and that the same had
been represented to be the property of the
Sunset Mining Company.
Not Operating Amo Mine.
State Mineralogist Aubury said yester
day that he had found out, through a re
sponsible man whom he sent to Orovllle
to ¦ investigate, that there are several un
true representations made In the litera
ture sent out by the Sunset Mining Com
pany. This . company has been brought
into some local | prominence in the last
few days by the attempt of W. H. Jordan
to get a peep at the corporation books.
State Mineralogist :Auoury. received . in
quiries some time ago from Europe con
cerning the Sunset Mining Company. He
sent to the Chronile building to get some
of the literature of the company.. In this
he failed, although he dispatched several
messengers. There were two girls in the
ofBce, but they denied that the company
had any literature to give out. The State
Mineralogist then wrote to Paris and se
cured what he wanted, and then he sent
a representative to Oroville to investigate
into the truth of the assertions published
by the company for the purpose of selling
stock. Mr. Aubury said to a Call reporter
yesterday:
Postal Authorities to Be Asked to
. Prevent Passage Through Mails -
of Literature of Mislead
ing Character'
State . Mineralogist Aubury
Engaged in Exposing
Deception.
The burglar, after a moment's hesita
tion, put up his , hands; passed by Vas
quez and ran into the street. .'Investiga
tion showed that the door had been forced
with a "Jimmy" and that the crook was
about to enter the house when its owner
surprised him. The police believe the
man to have been one of the gang whose
numerous operations within the past four
weeks have terrorized North Beach.
..Raymond Vasquez. proprietor of, the El
Dorado saloon at 1321 Dupont street, en
countered - a burglar early yesterday
morning, who was forcing an entrance to
his home at 808 Union street. When. the
thief found that he had been Interrupted
he was about to make an attack upon t\ie
saloonkeeper, but the latter, being armed,'
drove off the intruder at the point of a'
revolver. , - , - .
Vasquez closed his place of business
shortly after midnight and walked to liia
home. As he turned ¦ into a small alley
which runs alongside the house he . ob
served the form of a man prying open a
door that leads into the basement. i~ '
Clutching a revolver which he carried In
his overcoat pocket Vasquez advanced,
and his footsteps soon alarmed the bur
glar. Both men were hear each other
and the burglar, uttering an oath, started
at Vasquez. The saloon man whipped out
his srun and said: . , . ¦ :
"If you don't want to get filled with this
you had better skip."
SACRAMENTO, March 20.— Governor Gage
has granted the application of Major Frank
MeLaughlin, the well-known Republican poli
tician, lor retirement from the Governor's
Btaff with rank as lieutenant colonel. Mc-
Laughlin made , application through Adjutant
General . Stone for retirement under the terms
<Sf subdivision 3 of section 1973 of the Political
Code., which provides - that • an ofneer In the
State who haa served continuously eight yeara,
cr non-contlnuously ten years, . may retire on
application and retain the title which' he had
at the time the application was filed. Accord
ingly, thoupth no longer a member of i the 1 Gov
ernor's staff, Mclaughlin retains the title of
lieutenant colonel. ¦ -
Frank McLaughlin, who was chairman
of the Republican State Central Commit
tee during the campaign of 1898, which
culminated in the election of Gage, has in
effect resigned from the Governor's staff.
Other applications for retirement would
cause no surprise in political circles. The
following message was received last
night: • . - '?.v----y:
Betires From Governor's Staff.
A trio of fluent oratora will leave San
Francisco this evening for Los Angeles.
Ihe trio ' consists of Duncan McKinlay,
Assistant United States District Attor
ney; Samuel M. Shortridge and George
A. Knight. They will address the Young
Men's Republican League of Los An
geles to-morrow night. Mr. McKinlay
goes south to speak with .the ¦ knowledge
that the Department of Justice, "Washing
ton, D. C, is willing that he shall fulfill
his engagements to address the people of
Los Angeles and San Jose. The subject
of Mr. McKinlay's address for to-mor
row night is "Industrial America." Sam
uel M. Shortridge will speak of "Western
Diplomacy." The subject was handed
out to him and he had no hesitancy in
taking hold of the theme. An orator of
Mr. Shortridge's well-known versatility
cares little what the subject may be so
long -as- he is assured that the occasion
is auspicious and .the audience eager for
eloquence. When George Knight arrives
at the scene of the speaking to-morrow
evening the committee will give him a
suitable topic for his style of oratory.
Judge F. M. Angellotti of Mar in County
Is commended as a worthy candidate for
Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.
His long term of service on the Superior
bench qualifies him for higher judicial
honors. Judge John F. Ellison of Teha
ma County, another lawyer of superior
attainments, will be sustained by friendly
delegations in the convention.. -
It was subsequently ascertained that he
decided the question in Los Angeles be
fore the arguments were submitted in
San Francisco. It Is just possible that
the Supreme Court may need a member
possessing his decisive qualities, but it is
the general public notion that a question
ought not to be decided before it is sub
mitted for .decision.
How 3>ecision Was Reached.
Many leading Republicans favor the
plan of placing first in the order of busi
ness nominations for , Chief Justice and
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court.
The suggestion Is made with the view of
separating the judicial nominations from
trades and combines of the State ticket.
It is quite well known throughout the
State that there .will be an animated con
test for the nomination of Chief- Justice
between Beatty and Garoutte. It is main
tained that this contest should be settled
on its merits without any regard what
ever to the gubernatorial contest. Word
comes from Shasta County . that Judge
Edward M. Sweeny, who was formerly
mentioned as a. slated candidate for Asso
ciate Justice, will not figure conspicuous
ly in the race. :Messages come from Los
Angeles to the effect that Judge McKin
ley Is displaying considerable activity a3
a candidate for Associate Justice. Judge
Lucien Shaw is a lawyer of the south
who seems to possess the confidence of
the public, but he will not consent to
make a fight for the favor of the nomi
nating convention. Judge McKlnley is a
programmer of the raw sort/ He acted as
Gage's agent In obtaining, from the Re
publican State Central Committee a vote
indorsing Crimmlns' County Committee.
The readiness in ' which he produced a
voluminous tj;pe-written report within
two minutes after the controversy was
submitted to a sub-committee over which
he presided excited the wonder of th«j
general body..
Senator Cutter figures that the conven
tion will consist of 700 delegates. 1 He es
timates that the machine strength will be
less than 300. ¦
Figures" on Convention.
Cutter frankly avows his opposition to
the renomlnation , of Governor Gage and
expresses a purpose to fight to a finish on
this line. He entertains the opinion' that
'the members of the State committee
should be called together in May and that
they should adopt a resolution requiring
that all delegates to the convention shall
be chosen by the people at primary elec
tions. In. other words, ..he 1 is opposed to
the plan of allowing ccrtmty committees to
appoint delegates, to the State convention.
He proposes . to introduce . at the next
meeting of the State committee^or tho
executive body thereof, a resolution pro
viding that appointed delegates shall not
be entitled to seats in the convention.
Cutter's idea is that the nominating con
vention should emanate from the people
and voice the will of the people. '
Senator Cutter, who Is- known as one of
the cleverest politicians in the Republican
party, is confident that the machine ele
ment behind Gage will not be able to mus
ter a sufficient number of delegates to or
ganize the convention.
Under the law the primary election for
delegates to the party conventions must
be held on Tuesday, August 12. Senator.
W..M. Cutter of Yuba, secretary of the
Republican State Central Committee, fan
cies that the Republican convention
should assemble on Monday, August 25.
Present indications point to Sacramento as
the place for holding the convention. The
State Fair, however, will open on Septem
ber 8, and a few days' time in advance
of the opening will be required to put the
pavilion in order for the industrial . expo
sition. ¦;
Thief Attempts an , Attack,
but Cows Before a
Revolver.
Sunset Mining Company
Is Not Working Claims
as Advertised.
Major Frank McLaughlin
Retires Frcm Gover
nor's "Staff.
Raymond Vasquez Finds
Intruder Entering
His Home.
Senator >: Cutter Out
spoken in Opposition
to Gage.
DRIVES BURGLAR
AWAY WITH GUN
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
GILDED BAIT
AS A LURE
TO UNWARY
THE SAIST FRA^CISC^^ 1902.
7
HOGUE- KING
Our parlor at 211
POST STREET is per-
fectly arranged for the
convenience of patrons
and equipped with the la-
test and best facilities for
examination of the eyes
and for filling oculists'
prescriptions.
OPTICAL CO.
POST-CKADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor at..' cor. Oelden Gate ave.
Gold crowns and artificial teeth at cost.
Painless methods of operating. Open Sundays
and eveninss.
DENTAL GLIJVIG.
Made for the Cost of Material, at
BRIDGEWORK
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2: IS p. A. aharp.
Ferry-boat leaves Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m. t connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy. your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All train* - via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenus
electric cars at Seventh ' and Broadway Oak-
land. > Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. • These • electric • cars
eo direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:15 p. m. and immediately after the last
rac*. •• - ' -- • .,-..¦•. .• ,•",-> - -v '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Ugr.
glggg^ RACING
-^a^^^«^ s « Every Week Day-
ir Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
I TO GALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. |
0 , ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦,¦"¦¦¦' ' ' ' ¦ ©
| . Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) menths can secure a •
• $15.00 Set of 2
I "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" 1
I : For $3.2O. I
© Cannrt be bought elsewhere for less than th? regular subscription price of $i£. %
1 An invaluable addition to every library! . §
I An ornament to , any drawing room! %
I A source of instruction and entertainment for old and young, J
§ yielding the delights of travel uithout its inconveniences. - 5
I THE CALL'S SPECIAL OFFER. j
1 AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL. o
% "¦¦"'¦• ¦:.':¦¦¦': :'¦¦' INTRODUCED BY : s •
§ MAJGR=QENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER. , f
® . .. ' UNITED STATES ARMY, % J
©'"' i i'^'-i ill lif J ''! ! ' With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by - ' 2
§ -]¦•' JOSE IDE OLIVARES,. S
q ';f-' ; The Noted Author and War Correspondent. 9
• /Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian O
© • . Stories. 0
|> r : ¦ -•— ..¦ •
a EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE %
© PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII a
© ' AND THE' PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- ©
© TIONS. HOMES OFTHE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- O
§ PEARANCE. WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES, •
£ RIVERS. VALLEYS.' ' HILLS AND MOUNTAINS, SO COM- •
2 PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- ' 2
O ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE .' !. 2
© > ' PICTURED 'PAGE. J
© With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor, •
g Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as ®
S Vfthey now exist. v r. ¦
2 Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu- •
q ? PHOTOGRAPHS BY a
| WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. g
@ COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. ' ©
§ REGULAR PRICE $i.ioo PER. SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. g
9 Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps. q
e>©©e©©®©e©o9©®oo©e®©®Q©oo©©©o©©©©©o©e9©e©®3©93©€>©9G3©Q©oeoo3©«ooe©8§
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MISCAULED "HAIR TONICS."
Most Hair Preparations Are Merely
Scalp Irritants, of No Value. ';" _•':¦ •
¦ . i
Most hair preparations are merely scalp j
irritants, miscalled hair tonics. When hair
is brittle, lusterless and begins to fall out
the dandruff germ is getting in its deadly
work at the root, sapping the vitality.
Since science discovered that dandruff is
a germ disease there has been only one
preparation put on the market that will
actually destroy the dandruff germ, and
that Is Ne-wbro's Herpicide. It allays
Itching instantly, destroys the germ and
the falling hair stops, and hair grows lux-
uriantly. Ask your druggist for Herpi-
cide. It allays itching instantly; makes
hair grow.
AMtTSEMElfTS.
a . T I "J tja _ a V If fcwJKT^jl
GO WHERE THE CROWDS OOt
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG SHOWS.
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING AT
«:15 AND 8:16.
RARE ENJOYMENT FOR YOUNGSTERS
AND OUSTERS.
500 JnS. ing 500
ADMISSION— Adult*. 25c; Children. 10c.
Phone No. South 720. ,
¦I . your feet are sore, itchy, burning, blistered, swollen, ach- 1
(j ing. stinging, in constant' pain and giving you considerable an- u !
I noyance, you ought to rub Halpruner's on them. The first appli- If
II cation, properly applied, will give you immediate relief, and con- I I
In tinued applications will cure your annoyance. D] ]
H If you will use Halpruner's on your feet you will never be -• lif
I \ bothered with sore feet. You will be able to walk or stand and | 1
I use your feet as much, as you like without : any trouble or pain. if
. All druggists sell it— -50c and $1.00 a bottle— the dollar size wlf
Ml contains 3 times the quantity of the small. ...but demand .||'i
I Dr. Halpruner will give sufferers a trial treatment free, every Iwl
ifterr.oon, exdept Saturdays and Sundays, between I and 4 o'clock at Ifil
his office. 28 California st.. S. F.. Cat. ' J I
I . Here is a letter from a man who has suffered with sore feet ijj'i!
Halpruner Med. Mfg. Co., S. F.; r I
I wish 1 to let you know that the medicine you sent mo has done I Ul
|l me a great deal o± good and relieved the soreness in my feet. My 1 fll
S work ia verr hard on the feet and my^feet- nave been so sore that !' ji|
lil a ¦W£i3 impossible ' for me to wear, my shoes all day, it being necea- fii ill
yj ;ary to put oi. slippers in the afternoons. After 3 applications of Jill
fll your medicine I put on ray s hoc3 and wore them all day, without ill
If trouble or pain* and I now have so much faith in Halpruner's I j]
that . I will not be without it, so . please send me another one i/fl !
Iu -dollar bottle, for which find money order inclosed. Ilj
I ! I have been doctoring my feet for many years, not months, and I ¦fllff
If I, have never found any tning as good as Halpruner's In my life. j
J. ; Oct. 23d, 1901. Veterans' Home, YountvIUe. Cal. . w|]
V^-rrr- ;.., ¦'""¦' ' ¦' ¦ ¦ -=*sr — - - ¦ -~r~r~'/
4^^^m »^Bp • TS^^^^^
aYH HAT R @T>aT
CcIesco & Thall, Madkeers.
A. GREAT HIT!
TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY &. SUNDAY EVGS.
And A!l Next Week.
MATIXEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Year.
SEE THE PHONOGRAPH ACT!
A FUJCNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PKICES — 16c. 25c. S5c. 50c and 75c.v
TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY & SUNDAY- EVGS.
MATIKEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
The Champion Light weight of the Coast,
JIMMY BRITT
As the Bowery Boy In the Thrilling Melodrama,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
Jimmy Britt Appears In Every-- Act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
ta the last act between Jimmy Brttt ' '
i, . ' and Charley Reno.
pDffCC Evenings.... 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
IAIWLJ : Jiatlnees..... 10c, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "THE MAN-O'-WARSMAN."
FAREWELL, PERFORMANCES.
-THIS EVENING.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
. :.\\ . TO-MORROW NIGHT.
HOWARD KYLE,
• And s. Carefully Chosen Company, In
N AT HAN" HALE,
¦ ¦ By Clyde Fitch. ;/.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
•THE DENVER EXPRESS."
",..... SEATS READY- .-'ie "
ComJrs— AL G. FIELD GREATER MIN-
STRELS. ' - - ¦
VAUDEVILLE~REVELATIONS!
FANNY SICE; HEDKIX AND
PKESCOTT; . TEOTTBADOUES
TOUI*OUIANS, AND THE BIO-
GRAPH. LAST TIMES OF PAITL
CINQTTEVAIXI; ME. AND MBS.
SILVEB; KATHLEEN PABLOW;
3 DANCING DAWSONS, AND 6
ELACKBIBDS.
Reserved Seats, 25«: Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATCCEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
FOURTH WEEK, and Business BIGGER
THAN EVER, the Famous BOSTONIANS*
OPERA.
— -THE
Serenade!
CHARMING MUSIC! CLEVER COMEDY!
Secure Seats in Advance.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c and 75c
Telephone — Bush, 9. • * .
PACKED EVERY NIGHT.
MATTXEES TO-3uORROW AND SUNDAY.
Last Three Nights of Our $1000 Star.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STOXE.
In the Mctt Sumptuous Production of
''CLEOPATRA"
Ever Seen on Any Staee.
POPULAR PRICES — 10c. 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats all Matinees, 25c
NEXT WEEK— -LA TOSCA."
To-nlgrht, Saturday Matinee and Night.
BLANCHE WALSH
Is the new Emotional play by H. J. W. Dam,
"LA MADELEINE."
Sunday Nlcht.
"J4NICE MEREDITH/'
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
THE CHRISTIAN,
With EDWARD MORGAN as JOHN STORM.
SEATS NOW READY.
Fischers Theatre
O'Farrell «t.. bet. Stockton end Powell.
TelcDhone Main 231.
A GOOD THING IS HARD TO FIND.
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER
However, ?•vervboc'y twins to get on to.
For tlwre is r-othin* In Frisco so excellentlj
put on, 50 full of ffood music, so filled wltt
fine sDeclalMen. eo euDerb a cast. Don't yov
believe it? Then buy a 25c seat au<S you'l
rome a:aln.
Mallnc* Saturday ami Sunday. Reserved »eati
25e anywhere.
Nlirht Prices, 25c and 60c.
Children at Matinees. 15c.
Here In a Short Time
We Will Have Something to Bay
That Will Make Your Hair Turn Gray.
ON THE BAY
' On the e!c«ant gtearncr
CENERAL FRISpiE,
SUNDAY, MARCH 23, 1902,
with the
XJ. S. B-A.NTD.
From Ma« Island Navy Yard.
Thie Is a select family and tourist excursion
passing: all points of Interest en the bay water*
touching at Vallejo. where you can make i
trip to White Sulphur Springs or the Nav;
Yard. Boat leaves Pier 2. one block soutl
Oakland ferries, at 9:45 a. m. Arrives bad
at 6 p. m. Firet-class dining service. Meal
60c.
TICKETS. ROUND TRIP. 76c
For further particulars write, phone or eai
en HATCH BROS.. Pl*r 2.
Phone 1508, Mala.
Pillara Desirable location,
' I dlUWW unsurpassed cuisine,
unequal cd scr-
orprf vice and modern
UliU conveniences arc the
* attributes that have
frfn ft n made these two ho-
lllUllU tels popular with
• tourists and travel-
t Ha^OIC er * w h° v^* San
llylWlJ Francisco.
AMTrgFTffTTWTa.VANCOUVER. B. C, March 20.— The
steamer .Aorangl, from Australia, to-day,
brings word of fresh outbreaks of plague
in" Sydney and Brisbane. Twenty new
cases have ben reported in Sydney and
the theaters have been closed. In Bris
bane there have been several deaths from
plague.
Plague's Ravages in the Antipodes.
Attorney Mayor Knickerbocker is in
error. The man . who murdered Blanche
Lamont and Minnie Williams was handed
at San Quentln. -¦; ¦
Convicted of Grand Larceny:
Jeremiah Kennedy was convicted by a
jury in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on
the chargt of grand larceny. The charge
against him "was robbery. He stole a
gold watch from Robert Oenes of Menlo
Park on . Fourth street on the morning
of November 22. He will be sentenced
to-day.
A Strenuous Wooer.
: • James Fulton Shcpard was arrested yes
terday on a warrant charging him with
threats to kill at" the instance of Mr3.
Emma Jenkins, milliner, 537 Geary street.
She says he has given her the choice of
marriage with him or death.
darky songs are:
Joe Eagen. middleman or interlocutor; Louis
Laxan. left endman (Pompey), with the bones;
Tommy Eagen, right endman (Caesar), with
tambourine; James McCaShln, Willie Lagar,
Ed Cassldy, Bernard Eagen, Willie Lewis,
Johnny McKeon, Artie Olsen, Ed McKennu,
Tom Kenny, James McKenna, Ray- Whltaker,
Augustine Donavan, Charlie Danlals and Willie
Gaven. '
Frank Knickerbocker, Mayor. of Savan
nah, argued for the defense, and in the
course of his remarks mentioned the Dur
rant cas,e in California, telling the Jury
that an innocent man had been hanged
after being prosecuted by the actual mur
derer. He talked at considerable length
in defense of Mrs. Richardson, who had
already been tried and acquitted of the
murder of her husband.
Mrs. Richardson had. Attorney Cross
said, since the opening of the trial per
sisted in remaining in the room, notwith
standing Judge Burns had -instructed that
witnesses should not come Into court un
til called to testify. She had also, ha
said, repeatedly pas3ed notes to Fife's
attorneys, presumably suggesting some
thing of benefit to the defendant, and the
relatives of Mrs. Richardson had assisted
the defense in every way possible. •
SAVANNAH, Mo., March 20.— Mrs. Ad
!dle Richardson, widow of Frank W. Rich
ardson^ for whose murder Stewart Fife-i3
being tried, was accused of assisting the
defense by Attorney K. P. Cress in his
argument to-day for the State.
Noted Trial.
Attorney Accuses Mrs.
Addie Richardson in
DECLARES WOMAN
HELPS DEFENSE
The, work of the Zionist Congress In
Basle, Switzerland, and the Dreyfus affair
in Krance were told of by Attorney Wise
and he also referred to the < fact that
England had wiped out the Boer, republic
.where the Jews had not received civil
rights at the hands of those who claimed
ito be lighting for liberty and justice.
, A.heartv vote of. thanks was given to
¦the . speaker by . the - ladies who had lis
tened to his address.
Among those present " : at "the meeting
were Mrs. M. C. Sloss, who presided; Mrs.
Andrew Davis. Mrs. S. W» Marks, Mrs.
Philip Aaronson, Miss M. Voorsanger,
Miss Mabel Baum, Mrs. M. Heller, Mrs.
A. Esberg, Mrs. M. J. Brandenstein, Miss
J. Pelxotto. Mrs. Gradwell, Miss Lezinsky
and Mrs. P. Lilienthal. .
The persecution of, the Jews in many
portions of Europe formed the basis of
the plea of Atorney Wise for 3upport to
the Zion Society. He vividly described the
awful conditions under which millions of
Jews were forced to live in Europe and
that the hope of their, salvation was to
return them to Palestine. 'The speaker
claimed that there was indifference shown
by the Jews in America nnd England to
the needs of'thetr brothers and sisters in
the ghettos of Europe. The sum of $5,000,
000 is now in a London bank, subscribed
for the purchase of land In Palestine.
He described the success of thirty-four
colonies of Jews founded in Palestine in
the past twenty years and pointed out
that at the present time 23,000 Jews were
living in contentment and happiness in
the Palestine colonies.
There was a large~ gathering 'of ladies
prominent in . Jewish circles and the ad
dress of Attorney Wise was listened to
closely, many of the ladles asking the lec
turer questions ' at ' the Unish k of his re
marks. > i
Emanu-El.
An able address on "Zionism," delivered
by. Attorney _ Otto. Irving Wise, brother of
Rabbi Wise of Portland, Or.,. was the fea
ture of the monthly meeting. of the San
Francisco branch of the National Coun
cil of . Jewish Women, 1 ' held yesterday
'afternoon in the lecture hall of Temple
Tells of Society Formed to
: Help Persecuted .
Israelites.
Jewish Ladies Listen to
Address by Otto Irv
ing Wise.
MAKES A PLEA
FOR ZIONISTS
Junior Choristers of St; Dominic's Church to Give an Elaborate
Presentation of;/- Bohemian Girl" and to Sing the Plantation
Melodies of the /Sunny Southland at the Alhambra Theater
SWEET- VOICED SINGERS WILL
RENDER OPERATIC HARMONIES
COMMERCE WORK
OF ORGANIZING
Committee to Bring in
Immigrants Is Ap
pointed.
Several Bodies Act, While
Conventions Are Sug-
The organization of the new body which
Is to promote immigration to the Califor
nia, counties north of Teliachapi has be
gun. Upon the part of the State Board of
7rade the following five members of the
committee on promotion have been ap
pointed: N. P." Chipman, representing the
Sacramento Valley; Arthur S. Briggs,
representing the San Joaquin Valley; C.
M. Wooeter, for the south coast counties;
E. D. Sweetzcr. for the north coast coun
ties, and W. H. Mills, for San' Francisco.
The San Francisco Chamber of Commerce
has appointed Rufus P. Jennings as its
member of the committee. Charies Bund
echu has been selected by the Merchants'
Association.
j There is a gTeat deal of stir about the
rooms of the State Board of Trade rela
tive to the large work that. Is about to be
undertaken. All sorts of propositions
have already been made t to Manager
Filcher. ranging from offers to give lec
tures in the East and elsewhere for the
purpose of advertisng the resources of
the northern and central counties to a
scheme for bringing In negro colonists
from the Southern States. As there is no
©rganlzation for the new work perfected
as yet all offers are of no utility for the
present, except as showing the live pub
lic Interest and belief In the success of
the plans in view.
• Two conventions have already been pro
posed. One of these is suggested by C. M.
Woostcr of Santa. Clara County, who will
cend out Invitations to the real estate
men of all the leading tovrns and cities
In the interior and coast counties to ex
press their wish concerning a meeting to
discuss the situation, that there may be
concerted action. M. J. Dillman. chair
man of the Sacramento County Board of
Supervisors, has moved to have a conven
tion called of the Supervisors of all the
counties of the Sacramento Valley and
tht tributary counties to that territory
for the purpose of seeing what pledges
they are willing to make of the funds at
their 'disposal for the encouragement of
Immigration. Including the making of an
appropriate and complete display of re
sources at the coming exposition at St.
LouiS. :..;; ¦¦¦::•
Palmist Convicted.
Mattie Munaer, a palmist at an exhibi
tion at 406 Dupont street, was convicted
by Judge Moran yesterday on a •charge
cf aiding and abetting a lottery, and
will be sentenced to-day. Some days ago
she got 510 out of Charles Regus, a vis
itor to the city, by reading his palms
snd telling him she would give him the
winning numbers In a lottery. Adolph
Winters, the proprietor of the place, was
arrested yesterday on a similar charge.
It took Policeman Hayden nearly a week
to get a Judge to sign the warrant, as
each passed It by. and finally a member
cf the Grand Jury had to intervene.
News in Army Circles.
The War Department has Issued orders
to the Twenty-ninth Infantry to leave for
Manila on the Sheridan, which Is sched
uled to sail April 1. The regiment has
tern In camp at the Presidio for several
weeks and the marching orders are very
welcome to Its members. Colonel J. L.
Chamberlain, inspector general of this de
r-immenr will also sail on the Sheridan
His destination is Honolulu, where he will
make the annual Inspection of the forces
Etationcd on the Hawaiian Islands
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GA&Ij.y. FRIDAY, MAECK 21, 1902.
p*n js^HE presentation of the "Bohe-
1 1 mian Girl" and the singing of the
IE old plantation melodies by : - St.
JJL Dominic's Juvenile Minstrels on
the night of April 1 bids fair to
pack the Alhambra Theater to its fullest
capacity. The Eale of seats is already
progressing favorably. Boxes have been
secured by Mayor Schmitz, Mrs. William
Mills and Mrs. Eleanor Martin and many
other friends of the Dominican Fathers.
From social, musical and financial
standpoints the entertainment promises
to be a memorable success.
The gifted little singers who are to take
part in the entertainment are being caxe
tully trained by Rev. Fathers J. S. Jones
and J. R. Newell. The sweet, clear
voices have frequently been heard .in
their own parish, but this will be the first
occasion on which they secured a large
theater for the display of their.wonder
ful talents. Reports of their achieve
ments, however, have been spread broad
cast and there is a universal desire to
hear them.
One of the special features of the oc- .
troupe of seventeen ;boys, ranging from
12 to 15. years • of age. The little, girls
have already, won an enviable reputation
in the presentation of the "Bohemian
Girl," but this will be the first histrionic
effort on the part of the boys. The little
vocalists are determined to surpass their
young lady friends. They have entered
with spirit into the practice of the lively
melodies rind have i acquired much pro
ticiency. The ', boys are all good singers
and have been carefully instructed by
Father. Newell. ¦; •, -.
The proceeds of the entertainment are
to be used in decorating. St. Dominic's
beautiful church, and the. patrons of that
well-known Institution in all parts of the
city are manifesting great, interest In the
event. .
The little girls who will take part In
the opera are: . .
r - .Albertlna. Meyerhoffer: Margaret Olsen, ' In
the role of Count Arnhelm; Kathryn Barry,
Thaddeus; KatMeen Roche. Florensteln; Miss
Dolly Roche, Devilshoof; Frances Crowe, cap
tajn of the guard: -Birdie McKeon, officer of
the guard; Edna Walsh, Arllne, and May Bird,
queen of the Gycsles.
The little .boys who will render the
RENO, March 20. — Word was received- last
evening that a pocket of ore had been encoun
tered in the Harris mine, southeast oC Washo?
City, assaying $200 to the ton.
MARTINEZ, March 20.— The murder
trial of Aril, the Japanese, who shot and
killed K. Okomoto the night of February
22 at the, John Swett ranch In Alhambra
Valley, came to a close this afternoon.
The jury returned a verdict of not guilty
after ten minutes' deliberation.
Not Guilty of Murder.
Their eyes met and an hour later they
were engaged. They crossed the river to
Council Bluffs Immediately, and after
considerable trouble secured a marriage
license. At the ofilco of Justice Bryant,
where they were married, thirty young
people were rehearsing for an entertain
ment, and they were all guests at the
wedding, much to the embarrassment of
the young couple. After the ceremony
the couple returned to Omaha.
They met for the first time yesterday
at the- Union Station- in Omaha. Mont
gomery was a member of Company M.
Twenty-second Infantry, and was on his
way to his home In New Amsterdam, N.
Y., from the Philippines', where he has
been for a long time. He was walking
about the waiting-room at the Omaha
depot, when he spied Mls3 Lorch. who
was there to start for her home In Louis
ville, Ky. .
OMAHA, Neb.. March 20.— It was a case
of love at first sight with Lafe Mont
gomery, a returning Philippine soldier;
and Mi3S Sidney Lorch. who were mar
ried last nlcht.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Soldier and Kentucky
Girl Waste No Time .
. in Courtship.
CUPID GAINS
RAPID TRIUMPH
8
CLEVER LITTLE FOLK WHO
WILL. APPEAR IN THE "BO-'
HEMIAN GIRL."
caslon will be the slneing of the old
plantation tunes of the South by a picked
Beer stored
Q^r^^w^Bi-^ till mellowed
cuiu ripened
into wholesomeness is "on
lager." All Anheuser=Busch
beers are thus "lagered" until
perfect for use.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Assn
St. Louis. U. S. A.
Hrewers cf the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black d Tan, Faust.
Pals-Lager, Anheuser-Standard, Export Palo and Etsqulatt*.
All order* promptly filled by
E. G. LYONS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, Sac Francisco, Cal.
EESBS3BEBBB51MSBE3BBBBBBBHBBBBHBBBBBQHHBSSBBBB BBEBBBBBBBBHBBBBHBBBBBnBBflBBBBBHBBBEBSBSBHBflBflflBflBBflBflBflBBHBBflflfl
JT f^ .., ' _ " ¦" * i i : - Q g.
El ' • O — '...¦¦. ¦ ' ' "{ & \ ' §j
i I I have been a sufferer from dyspepsia and sick headaohes. | . i
1 I I was many^ limes compelled to leave work and Oo home. Our • I %
i • 'I druggist told me to try Ripans. I am now in much better I I
j j I health, j cap eat almost anything, have no headache and i | I
I | work steady. I also was greatly affected with constipation, I I
| / | and Ripans m e relief frc>m that. > % 1
g At druggists'.; The Five-Gent pack^ is enough for an ordinary occasion ; |
BBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBgBBBBaiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBaBBBBBBBaBBaaBBaBllBBBgBBBB
ADVEETISE35IENTS.In 1X54:: they built' their, first : church in
tho 'Old.; town !of .Santa Rosa, and in 1S5<5
It, with, other: buildings, was moved to
the present site of this city. The church
was a rude structure bf woodland.- very;
primitive-. in" every, respect;: but .many, in
teresting meetings ' were held 'within. Ita
walls."/. ." ":¦;. ¦' ¦' '¦ ' •"¦.'•¦. : -
- Rev." Mr." Gaston,. and In the afternoon
services in memory of the deceased
members will be held. ¦ ¦ The . evening will
bo . taken up . by an address by the Rev.
E. R; Bennett Of- Oakland. His talk will
be In 1 the naturo.of an historical sermon:
' :ln"the* spring of 1852 a band ".of faithful
followers of Christ gathered at -the ranch
of Martin, Hudson; about seven miles from
this 'city, and. what : is "now the site of
".the 1 Utle village' of s Melitta.-.\ The. spreads
•ing branches of. a mighty oak were . their
'only '.shelter". from the- elements,' dnd for
more" than a-year-.they; met in. this spot
; to wor3hip;- and . out of -these 'meetings
wasthe First i.Baptlst-Churchvof. this city
..founded. .¦.'¦.:-. • .¦ ¦ ''.'•>"• '¦¦'¦•' :
• '¦¦' PORTLAND. March 20.— Proprietors or. locki
planing;,' mills have. decided to-advance wages
20 •e'ents' per mat. '_¦':.: \. s •;»:-.
LONDON. March 20.— In a dispatch from
Vienna - the correspondent of the .Daily
Chronicle says that Great ' Britain. \ Aus
tria and Russia have addressed a ; note to
Turkey admonishing the , Porte - to ¦. keep
order in Macedonia . and Albania. . Ger
many." says' the correspondent,' declined, to
Join in this note. - ; ;. . . ,\ . - s
Admonish the Porte.
LONDON,:' March 20.— Lady Rodney; a
daughter of, Barcn.W.nborne a'nd ! a cousin
of the Duke of 'Marlborough, was granted
a divorce -to-day 'from; her : husband," the
seventh: Baron Rodney, on the grounds of
cruelty and ' infidelity .~ The ; plaintiff .testi
fied to her husband's violence. On one oc
casion, he struck her.' in-" the : eye ; with-' hla'
clenched:fist,'and',thereupon she left hinvr
Lady ' Rodney Obtains ..Divorce.
LONDON. March 20.— The Times under
stands Persia has concluded an agree
ment with Russia under the terms of
which Persia is to get a loan of 10,000,000
rubles and is to give Russia a conces
sion for a new road from Tabriz to
Tc here n. HHHHBKBRHSttiS
Gets a Loan and Gives Russia Right
for a New Road From Tabriz
- to Teheran.
PERSIA NOW GRANTS
CONCESSION TO CZAR
OAKLAND,' March 20.— Licenses - to
marry were issued to-day to Charles W.
Presher, ; 34, and Nellie < Munroe, 21, both
of < Oakland; Henry ; E. Halm, 36. and
Thercsa^Cron, 29," Both of/ Oakland; Fran
cis H."< Engel," 23,<and Julia McAullffe, 23,
both of San f Francisco ; Joseph , R. Car
doza, • 25, : andfMay, H. Wilson, - 22, both .of
San'Leandro: Stanley, Bates, 25, and Zora
Lewis, 24,' both-of. Los Angeles.,
Licensed fto ' Marry.
NEW YORK, March 20.— Senator Mark
Hanna to-day named the members, of the
committee on conciliation of the Civic
Federation, whose appointment was pro
vided for at the last meeting of the exec
utive committee. According to the by
laws the committee was to consist ; of the
officers of the executive comtnlttee,-M. A.
Hanna, chairman; Samuel Gompers,' first
vice chairman; Oscar S. Strauss, 'second
vice chairman; Charles A. Moore, treas
urer, and Ralph M. Easley, secretary,"
and nine men to be appointed ' by- i the
chairman. His appointments are;
bishop Ireland, Bishop Potter, Franklia
Macveagh, John Mitchell, Frank F.' Sar
geant, James M. Duncan, J. Kruttschnitt,'
W. A. H. Pf ahler and Marcus ¦ M. Marks.
Thia committee is to take up .threatened
troubles between capitalists andi.work
ingmen with a view to settling them.
Effort Will Now Be Made to Settle
Troubles Between Labor and
Capital.
SENATOR HANNA NAMES
CONCILIATION COMMITTEE
BEAUMONT, Tex., -.March : 20.— Three
more arrests have been made in connec
tion'with the series of robberies and mur
ders charged to the Mattle Bennett gang.
The. Sheriff's" officers. . who made Uhe ar
rests, will not give details, nor even the
names the men arrested. It is known,
however, that the driver. of i the hack ; in
which most of the bodies were hauled to
the - river ; and' dumped in is cither' under
arrest or. soon will be.' He has been spot
ted by the Sheriff's men through the Ben
nett woman's confession. All the other
arrests are likewise due .to. the Bennett
woman's' story. She . has fully - turned
against her, former associates, and in her
effort 'to save her . own neck has betrayed
them all." She is mortally afraid of the
gang . and admits . the ; fear, - saying » she Is
sure that her. life is not safe so long, as a
single ; member remains alive or outside
of the penitentiary. ¦
Bennett Gang, ¦ Including Hack
man Who Hauled Bodies;
Arrest of Three More of the Mattls
RUNNING DOWN BAND .,
¦* i OF BEAUMONT MURDERERS
EL PASO, Tex., March 20.— Postofllce
Inspector A. P. Frederick of Denver and
•City Detective George Harrold of El Paso
returned from Mexico to-night, where
they captured Charles Gilbert Webb,
wanted at Houston, Idaho, to answer an
indictment for stage robbery- committed
nine years ago.
Government detectives had been on the
trail of the fugitive ever since the rob
bery was committed. He was tracked to
Utah and across New Mexico and Ari
zona, going under many aliases. One year
ago he was located in Mexico, and on
March 3 Inspector Frederick was sent to
Parral to make the arrest. He and his as
sistants found the man at a lumber camp
and took him Into custody without dif
ficulty. He is now being held for extra
dition.
Apprehend Alleged Bandit in
Mexico.
PostOfflce Inspector an4 a Detectiva
CAPTURE A BOBBER
ATTER YEARS OF SEARCH
Lincoln Post No. 1 of the Grand Army
of the : Republic -gave an entertainment
last night' in- the Pioneer building. ; The
attendance was a large one and all en-
Joyed the pleasing programme presented
und n r tho supervision of the committee
>composed.fl£ Victor Duhem, Charles Edel
man, • Dr. J. G. Crawford, Harry Brewer.
Mrs Cora Fenner, Mrs. S. E. Cook anfl
Mrs M J. Parolini. The post .was assisted
in the function by the ladies of Lincoln
Corps. Ladies of the Grand Army. The
programme? included tho following; num-
Instrumental music, j Mrs. S. E. Cook;
introductory remarks by Post Commander
George T. Johnson; vocal selection, Major
G " W Arbuckle; address by Senior Vice-
Commander Charles J3delman; piano solo,
Miss O' Sullivan: vocal Solo. ; "Every Rose
Must' Have Its Thorn," Miss Ella Duhem;
recitation, "Our Destiny," Department
Judge Advocate H. C. Dibble ; ¦, vocal solo,
Miss -Flora .'Atwell ATippett; .violin solo,
Mrs T: i Barnstead ; recitation, Post Sur
geon Dr. J/G. Crawford, "The Old Soldier
at the Bar";,vocal selections, Mrs. Dot 3.
Mortimer and J. W. \ Gwilt; recitation,
Miss Angle '.Ayers; instrumental . selec
tions, Mr. - and - Mrs. ¦ Bramhall;. VFrom
i Ocean to Ocean,", by .? Major. Arbuckle, - il
lustrated with . stereopticon views and the
singingof "America',' by, the audience." ,.'
Lincoln Post Entertains.
POBTLAND, Or., March 20.— A combi
nation of twenty-four railroad tie and
lumber mills on the Columbia, Sandy,
Loomis and Hood rivers was effected in
Portland this afternoon by representa
tives of as many lumber companies. Th-2
meeting has been In session two days.
Increase of prices will follow, and the
improvement of conditions In the trade is
looked for. Articles of incorporation of
the Columbia River Tie and Lumber As-
Eociation were agreed to and all but one
of the mills interested have signed the
agreement- The combined mills represent
&n output of about 500,000 ties per. day.
of a Ealf Million Railroad Ties
a Day.
Merger of Plants Having 1 an Output
TWENTY-FOUR LUMBER '
MILLS IN A. COMBINE
TACOMA, March 20.— Papers' have been
prepared in Whatcom for what promises
to be one of the most novel suits ever
before an American court. The plain
tiff will be a prominent business man of
Whatcom and the suit will be instituted
by him to recover from a telephone com
pany for time lost in trying to at
tract the central office's attention in the
use of the telephone system. Recovery
is sought on that portion of his contract
with the company which ajrrees to give
him prompt and effective service. His
complaint sets forth tkat "his business
calls for free use of the. telephone sys
tem, and that by reason of the antiquated
system in use and the inattention or over
working of employes he is often com
pelled to try for long periods of time,
ranging from three to fifteen minutes, tq
secure the desired connections."
Plaintiff then . goes on to make some
calculations as to the time lost, and
finds it to be so much that hl3 working
hours are seriously broken into. The aid
of the courts therefore is invoked to com-
I>el the company to make a proper settle
ment with him. \
phone Company.
Whatcom Business Man to Bring
* Novel Action* Against Tele-
SUES BECAUSE '.'CENTBAL" ££.>
. ANSWEBS TOO SLOWLY
'"- •: SAN JOSE. March 20.- -The mewing ot'a'
pet cat on the bank of a stream dlsclcsjd to
the . searchers the resting place of the body of
Baby Fuzthowla. a : two-year-old Japanese
child, which dlsaaceared from ita father's
home near Alviso last evening. : The babe had
fallen to the. bed of Coyote Creek.
' EUREKA, March 20.— Articles of Incorpora
tion of the Field Brook Company were filed for
record ' yesterday. The company Is capitalized
at $50,000, one-half of ' the amount being ac
tually ¦ subscribed. The - directors . are H. A.
Poland, A. C. ¦ Dauphlny, \ Jc\m Faver B. - F
Durphy. Eureka will be the principal place
of business. Among : the objects • set forth In
the arttclos ¦ are' tha . construction of buildings
and mills and the manufacture of lumber.
VALLEJO, March 20. — Carpenter George H.
Warford, U. S. N., received notice yesterday
that he had been placed on the retired list of
the navy. He was attached to the cruiser
Brooklyn and participated in the battle of
Santiago, receiving advancement for good serv
ice durhig the engagement. .
WOODLAND, March 20. — The flood water
has receded from a great deal of the land along
the ¦ rivers recently Inundated and the farmers
are preparing to put in late crops of . barley,
oats and potatoes. - If the weather henceforth
Is favorable there will be heavy yields of crops
planted In , March. ' - »
CONSTANTINOPLE, , March 20.— The Turk
ish Government haa directed the Ottoman Em
bassadors . to solicit the friendly intervention
of the powers at Sofia" concerning the differ
ences between Turkey and Bulgaria in relation
to Macedonian affairs. "-. "
BISBEE. Ariz., March 20. — A Mexican wo
man • named Castela Omezi was stabbed and
killed at Naco last night by J. Horez, a
Mexican official. The crime .was actuated by
Jealousy. The murderer crossed the line Into
the. United States.
• SAN JOSE. March 20. — L. - B. Brieham. a
carpenter, well known in this city, is believed
to have perished In ; the Big Basin. A year
ago last August he started for the forest for
recreation and rest and since then he has not
been heard from.
VICTORIA, B. C, March 20.— The Govern
m ont i»vdav introduced a redistribution bill
providing for forty-two members in the Legli
lature, of which Vancouver Island will have
but twelve. Not many years ago the island
had a majority.
STOCKTON, March 20. — The Jewish congre
gation met to-nUrht and let the contract to
Architect Sylvaln Schnalttacher of San Fran
cisco , to make plans and specifications for a
new synagogue, which will cost about $S00O.
LOS ANGELES, March 20. — Arrangements
were concluded • to-dav by which Mayor S. M.
Jones of Toledo ¦ and -' N. O. Nelson, the St.
Louis millionaire, will address at mass-meet
ing in Hazzard'a Pavilion to-morrow evening.
- PH6ENIX, A. T.. March 20. — Papers were
filed to-day transferring tho ownership of the
Buckeye Canal Company, west of Phoenix In
the Glla Valley, . to Baltimore capitalists. The
selling price of 'the property was $70,000.
EVERETT. Wasta., March 20. — The Everett
• Trades Council-, has authorized the publication
of a circular letter advisln* Eastern, mechanic*
to keea away from Puget Sound cities unless
1 they come. with money.
EVERETT, Wash., March 20. — The schooner
Allindale, which has arrived here, encountered
a gale the first night out of Hilo, Japan, which
stripped her of all canvas and carried away
the forezaff.
STOCKTON, March 20.— Leo Furry, the 17
year-old son of- J- K. Furry of -Alta-viHe. Cala
veras „• County, was drowned this afternoon In
the Stockton channel. . . ¦
-'WELLINGTON. N. Z.. .March 20. — The Pa
ciflc cable steamer Anglta has reached Doubt
lcsa Bay, thus completing the Autsralla-Ne^fc
Zealand link of the cable.
LOS ¦ ANGELES, March 20.— Shipments of
citrus fruits, are 1505 carloads behind the fig
ures at ¦ tils time last year and the new croi»
Is certain jto be short. ....
DES MOINES, la.. March 20. — The Na«le
bill prohibiting the playing of baseball or foot
ball on Sunday passed the House to-day by
a vote o£ 59 to 10. ,
ALONG THE COAST
SANTA. ROSA, March 20.— Wellington
Appleton,' a- son of Madame Preston,
whose famous* colony above Cloverdale is
the Mecca of many healthseekers. ;died
there today!. He was ; a native . of Michi
gan, aged 51 years. -
Wellington Appleton.
ELDEELY COUPLE ( WITNESS ¦ >\
'-'.. ¦ A FIGHT ¦UNWITTINGLY
Expect to See a Trained Animal : Show
_. .but Find\Their Way Into Me- •.; ;'
;",- chahics' Pavilion Annex.' . ¦
-Before the fighting, began on Thursday
night at the Hayea "Valley Athletic Club's
boxing exhibition 'an -elderly gentleman,
accompanied apparently by his wife, pur
chased two tickets and entered Mechanics
Pavilion Annex. "
When a brace of boxers commenced to
pummel one another, about the ring an
usher noticed a surprised look on tlu«
faces of the elderly couple.
He approached thdm and asked what
performance they had expected to wit
ness.
."We came to see. the trained ponies ana
dogs,", was the reply.
They were told they had mistaken the
entrance, as the animal show was in the
main Pavilion, while they had entered the
Annex. They left at once.
Morris Levy, manager of the ' Hayes
Valley Club, was told of the Incident and
sent a ' messenger posthaste to -find the
couple and refund the money they- had
paid for admission. They could not bo
found,' so the man went to Mr. Rowe of
the animal show and explained he would
like to leave tickets for them in case the
people appeared^ : '„,
"You haven't it on U3 at all, 'said Mr.
Rowe "as we have a lot of people lnsido
who thought they were to see a boxing
exhibition." . ;; >*.-;
Christian Endeavor, the Ladies' Aid So
ciety and other branches of the cliurch. ,
At noon on Saturday a bountiful church,
dinner will bo served; in tMe banquet
room of the pastorium. During the aft-v
•ernoon- there -will be-a-ro-H-call.- In- the
evening a reminiscence meeting will be
held, at which historical incidents of ths
early days of the church will be recalledl
OivSunday morning the. annual sermon"
will be delivered by . the • pastor, . the£
•¦Company Turn Property Over
v ' ¦ . .to Another 'Corporation.
*; NEW "YORK, March 20."— Atra special
meeting of the stockholders. of , the Metro
politan 'Street Rail way I'Company. to-day
the, proposition of the, 'directors to lease
the property of the company. to the Inter
urb"an Street Railway Company, which
guarantees the payment of 7 per cent an
nually on the capital stock of .the Metro
politan Street Railway Company, was
ratified -by a large majority vote. Tho
proposition of the directors to issue a
mortgage -upon -the. property .andV fran
chisesj of the- company to the Morton
Trust Company as trustee to secure an
issue of of 4 per cent, bonds, to
mature , in 2002 and to bear interest from
April 1, 1902, was ratified. Of these bonds
$54,000,000 worth, are to be reserved to re
tiro and refund the several Issues of ex
isting bonds as they.', mature, or tore
fund in advance of maturity • such bonds
as can be acquired either by purchase or
exchange. . •
Isldor Wormser Jr. filed a suit in vthe
Supreme : Court to-day • asking • that Uhe
lease - of ¦ the Metropolitan Street Railway
Company to , the Interurban Street Rail
way Company be. declared- null and void.
Wornrter-said he sued as holder of 1000
shares of .stock in the Metropolitan Street ¦
Railway. Company, and also in behalf of
any, other stockholders who might wish to
join in the suit. He. declared in the com
plaint that the lease waq a scheme to di
vert the property of the company from
its stockholders.
Stockholders of . the . Metropolitan
LAHGE RAILWAY.. SYSTEM jL
:^;^'.v--LEASED IN NEW YOBK
corner of B and Ross streets, has the dis
tinction of being the only church in the
world built entirely from one tree. The
•tree grew near Guerneville, In Sonoma
County, Cal., and when sawed yielded
7S.0O0-fe.et of lumber.. -. .
The.. church is gpthlcdn' style, .finished
with' rbassive buttresses on', the outside
and i heavy beams on the inside. The
main; auditorium Is 60x37, with a seating
capacity-of 300. The .parlor. is..30x20, tha
pastor's study Is 20x16. The towsr on the
southwest corner is* 70- feet " high. The
congregation which worships In this edi
fice- approximates 200. ' A-large number of
tourists visit this church every year.
RENO, Nev., March 20.— Dr. H. H. Ho
gan, the oldest practicing physician in
this county, was burled to-day by mem
bers of the Grand Army of the Republic,
his old comrades in arms. Dr. Hogan
died three days ago of pneumonia. He
had lived in Reno thirty years.
Dr. H. H." Hogan.
EL PASO, Tex., March 20.— A conference
will in all probability be held In El Paso
to-morrow which will.be attended by the
following high' officials of the Southern
Pacific road: E. H. Harriman, president;
Julius Kruttschnitt, vice president and
general manager; J. C. Stubbs. general
traffic director; H. H. Jones, freight, traf
fic director; C. H. Markham, vice -presi
dent of the Galvestqn, Harrisburg and
San Antonio and the Houston East and
West Texas; W. G. Van Vleck,. general
manager of the Atlantic system, and S.
F. B/Mo'rse, passenger traffic manager.
It will be seen from the above that rep
resentatives of both the operating and
freight departments of the road will be
at the conference, and any action taken
will apply to all departments. • -
"No, I do not know what will be done
at the meeting of these officials," said a
prominent Southern Pacific official to-day
when asked the ' same. Some
of the above officials are here to-day and
others will arrive to-night. It is also
quite possible that Harriman will arrive
some time to-morrow from Mexico.
' —
Representatives oi Southern Pacific
Company Assemble to Hold an
Important Meeting.
BIG RAILROAB 2MCEN
GATHEE IN EL PASO
General counsel, acting on behalf of
their reads and other' western roads, vis
ited Judge Day and United States Dis
trict Attorney Bethea to-day, with a view
to ascertaining just what railroads would
be sued and bow far the Government
proposed proceeding. One purpose of the
visit was to try to Induce the Government
to include all railroads centering in Kan
eas City and all centering in Chicago. It
was urged that by bo doing the situation
would be placed within the grasp of the
Government, whereas this would not be
accomplished by proceeding against a
pert of the roads.
Although absolutely nothing has been
eaid by any representative of the Gov
ernment that would warrant the state
ment, nevertheless the opinion exists
generally that if a bitter fight is made
egainst the injunctlonal proceedings the
Government will Institute criminal pro
ceedings against all yiolators of the law,
including packing-house representatives.
CHICAGO, March 20.— Petitions for
injunctions were filed here to-day in the
United States Circuit Court by United
Elates Attorney S. H. Bethea against six
cf the railway companies centering in
Chicago, charging them with infractions
of .the interstate commerce law in regard
to the rate cutting. In substance the
complaints are the same as those filed at
Kansas City. The defendants are the
Michigran Central, Illinois Central, Penn
sylvania, Pittsburg, Cincinnati . and St.
Louis, Lake Shore, and the Chicago and
Northwestern roads.
lators of the Interstate Com
i^." , -v raerce Law.
Government Proceeds Against Vio-
SUITS AGAINST RAILWAYS.
In. December of last- year. Self ridge re
ceived a letter from Louis R. Self ridge
of Madrid, reciting a story told to Hiram
Self ridge by his mother years ago. In
1839 John Selfridge, the uncle / of both
men, married a French actress in New
York and his family disowned him. John
Selfridge went to France,* worked -for. the
Panama I Canal people and died. ¦ leaving
a son, the writer of the letter. This son,
Louis Selfridge. in his first letter said he
had gone to Spain to live, had been ar
rested because of mistaken identity, for
a terrible crime and resisting! arrest was
mortally wounded. He said he had a
fortune of half a million dollars invested
In gilt edge securities, which he offered to
Harrison Selfridge, if the latter would
take care of a fourteen-year-old daughter,
the sole remaining issue of , Lou is. ; _
A few days ago a formidable looking
document, written in Spanish, with Span
ish seals attached, reached. Spokane. Self
ridge learns that It is a notification^ f rom
a Spanish official that some one had died
and left a large sum of money ¦•¦ to _hlm
The caao will be taken up with the State
Department in Washington. , , ..
SPOKANE. March 20.— Harrison' E. Self
ridge," a: well-known Spokane citizen, be-,
lieves he has fallen heir.j,to half e million
dollars, left by a cousin in Spain.' Back
of his supposed good fortune is the story
of a disinherited son who remained true
to the woman of 'his choice despite the
opposition of his family. jot a fortune
made by an American in the old world
and of a violent death through police
persecution and murder In Spain.
Windfall of a Half Million
'••; ¦'.'- I>ollars. * V:
Spokane Citizen Receives News . of. a
FALLS HEIB TO ESTATE , .;
;^k , ; ¦ OF COUSIN IN SPAIN
Interesting programmes have been
arranged for each afternoon and evening
of the four days set aparf for the Ju
bilee. This afternoon's reception in" the
pastonum by the Rev. W. I* Gaston and
his wife brought 'together persons who
have been members : of the church for
many years and others who were num
bered with the organization a long time
ago and are now in other localities. This
evening an Old Folks'.' concert was held
In the church auditorium. Its principal
features were ' a': number of tableaux,
prominent in ...which were pioneer mem
bers of the church. There were present
the only living charter members, Henry •
McPeak and W/'C. Catron.
To-morrow ? there- 'will be" fraternity
meetings, including the Young People's
SANTA ROSA, March 20.— From
all sections of the State have
come to this city hundreds of
' men, women and children, to
participate In the celebration of
the fiftieth anniversary or' golden^ jubilee
of the founding of the First Baptl3t
Church of Santa Rosa. ¦•¦ ,' : -
SANTA ROSA'S FAMOUS CHURCH, .
SURVIVING CHARTER MEMBERS
AND THE PRESENT PASTOR.
SAN JOSE, March 2O.-"Mary E. Pul
sifer Ames, one of the best-known bot
anists in America, with a reputation that
13 world wide, died in East San Jose to
day. She was born in Lowell, Mass., in
Mrs. Ames was educated in the Acad-«
emy of Notre Dame in Lowell, Mass., and
later attended the academy of the same
name in this c^y. Most of her life was
devoted to the study of botany and she
had spent many years in research:in Eu
rope. Mrs. Ames was. a member of the
Royal Botanical Directory of Austria.
She carried on a very extensive corre
spondence with the leading bota. nists .of
the world. Several $Jorth. American
plants are. named after her, including
astragulus, mlnulua and species of
The deceased leaves a choice botanical
collection, which she bequeaths to Notr*
.Dame- Convent- in. -this - city- For- many
years, because of falling health; she made
her home in this city. "
THEJDAY'S DEAD,
NEW YORK, March 20.— Hardman.
Peck & Co.. piano manufacturers, suffer
ed a loss of 5300,000 or possibly more, by
the destruction to-night by fire of their
plant located at West Forty-eighth street
and the North River. The rire started
from some unknown cause in the packing
room, which is in the three-story part of
the big factory. Thence it quickly spread
throughout the entire building. The roof
of the building fell in soon afterward and
gave rise to the report that there had been
an explosion. Just west of the three
story building, which was about 100 feet
in length and right on the river front,
stood a frame stable. On the roof of this
were a number of the firemen. When
the walls fell a lot of debris fell on the
roof of the stable, injuring 1 one fireman
and one spectator.
From the first-mentioned building the
fire spread to the firm's five-story struc
ture and worked to the upper portion of
it. The loss was mainly because of the
valuable machinery and woods burned.
Worth of Property Lost in
New York.
Three Hundred Thousand Dollars-
PIANO MANUFACTURERS
LOSE FORTUNE IN TIRE
Medical Examiner Draper reported the
death as due to an accident. Mrs. French,
who was 70 years of age and lived alone,
apparently fell from the third floor in
the well to the elevator canopy. Mrs.
French is said to have had more lawsuits
brought against her and had appeared as
plaintiff more times than any other per
son appeared in public. The litigation
territory extended from the Atlantic Coast
to the Rocky Mountains. She had such
a tendency toward going to law that In
November, 1900, Dr. B)bomer, superinten
dent of the' Butler Insane Asylum at Prov
idence R. I., testified as an expert that
Mrs. French wa& afflicted with "litigious
paranoia."
Her most important lawsuit related to
the will of her second husband,
French, and involved not only her right
to the estate, but the question of her san
ity. The case was full of sensational fea
tures, but was decided in her favor.
Among other famous lawsuits in which
Mrs. French was involved was one which
caused . her to leave Colorado for the East.
She sued a Denver firm over a disputed
Bill and a counter action of $20,000 on the
ground of malicious prosecution was
brought. The firm obtained a verdict of
$4600, and then swore out a warrant
charging Mrs. French with perjury.
Mrs. French eluded the Sheriff ' and
started East. She reached Omaha, was
arrested, but. secured her relca.se on a
¦writ of habeas corpus. When she reached
Mendota, 111., an officer boarded the train
and tried to force her to leave the car at
Aurora. She declared that no official in
the State of Illinois had authority over
her. Mrs. French sprained her ankle but
won the struggle and continued on her
way to Boston.
BOSTON, March 20.— Mrs. Julia B.
French, wealthy, eccentric and famous
throughout the country because of her
many and varied lawsuits," was found
dead in her Back Bay residence thh>
afternoon. Her body, badly disfigured,
lay on top of the elevator, which was on
the basement floor, and had evidently
been there three or four days.
Clough said he never knew of any ar
rangement between Harriman, Morgan,
Hill and others subsequent to May 1, 19-31,
by which Morgan was to- be given the
proxy of Harriman in the Union Pacific
in exchange for Harriman being placed
on the boards of the Northern Pacific and
the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy.
The next witness was A. P. Clough.
vice president and a director of the
Northern Securities Company. He said
the transfer of about 500,000 shares of
Great Northern stock to the Northern Se
curities Company had been completed.
and that negotiations were pending for
cbout SOO.OOO or 400,000 shares more. There
were 1,250,000 shares of Great Northern in
existence, he said. Of Northern Pacific
Etock $150,000,000 par value had been
turned over to the Northern Securities
Company.
The witness said he had no knowledge
of any such transactions. Lancaster also
asked for a list of all the members of
the firm of J. P. Morgan & Co. The list
was handed him. A conference ensued,
during which it was suggested that sub
penas might be issued for some of the
members or for all.
"Do you know the firm of J. P. Morgan
& Co. acquired eixteen to eighteen mil
lion dollars 1 worth of Northern Pacific
etock between May 1 and 9. 1901?" Mr.
Perkins was asked by Judge Lancaster.
The object of the suit is to prevent the
oi.eration of the Northern Pacific by the
Northern Securities Company. His firm,
he said, was a purchaser of Northern Pa
cific between May l and May 9 last year,
but how much v.-as bought he did not
know. Neither did he know how much
of the 6tock J. P. Morgan & Co. held on
May 1, 190L Perkins saidJ. P. Morgan &
Co. bought about $77,000,000 of Northern
Pacific stock from Union Pacific interests
efter the Northern Securities Company
was formed in November. About $10,000,
000 was paid in cash and the rest was to
be paid for In stock of the Northern Se
curities Company.
After taking the stock from* the Union
Pacific J. P. Morgan & Co sold it to the
Northern Securities Company, receiving
loi the same $10,000,000 in cash and more
in stock. The cash, received from the
Northern Securities Company was equal
to the sum paid the Union Pacific inter
ests. Perkins said that at the time of the
purchase of the stock by his firm there
was no agreement in existence with the
Northern Securities Company in reference
to the disposal of the Northern Pacific
stock. He said his firm simply acted as
brokers in the transaction. In case the
stock was not disposed of to the Northern
Securities Company it would have been
turned back to the Union Pacific inter
ests. Perkins said he did not know
whether or not J. P. Morgan & Co. owned
any of the stock of the Great Northern
Railway during the summer and autumn
of 1S39, and he did not know how much
Great Northern stock the firm owned
now. ¦
NEW YORK. March 20.— George Perkins
of the firm of J. P. Morgan & Co. was the
first witness to-day In the hearing be
fore a special examiner of the suit of
Peter Power against the Northern Pacific
Railway Company.
Fall Into Elevator Well Closes
Career of Woman Famous
in Litigation.
Witnesses Explain About the
Securities Company
Deal
Perkins Gives Testimony
in Great Northern
Case.
Passing in Tragic Manner
of the Eccentric
Mrs. French.
DEATH CLAIMS
ODD CHARACTER
INSISTS SALE
WAS PROPER
Founders of -a Pioneer Congregation , and to Worship in ; an
Edifice Built Entirely From the Wood of a Single Giant Tree
Churchmen. Gather From All ¦: Parts of: California -to Honor the
SANTA ROSA BAPTISTS BEGIN
GOLDEN JUBILEE CELEBRATION
SANTA FE WILL
ENTER OAKLAND
SQUAW'S STORY
OF A TRAGEDY
Tackum's Indian Wife
Accuses White Man
of Murder.
Captain A. H. Payson
Says Road Will Close
the Gap.
Declares That Hussey - Was
Slain by His Partner,
John Card.
City Council Unanimously
Passes Measures in
Its Favor.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 20.— The
Toba' Island tragedy has taken on a new
color through the statement of the Indian
wif e .. of .Johnny Tackum, 'arrested as a
witness for the crown and brought here
to-day. /Tackum . is charged with the
shooting of John Card, who is now at the
City Hospital -here, and whose recovery
is Improbable. \ He- is also suspected of
the murder of Card's partner, William
Hussey, ' who .' has : disappeared. Card
charges Tackum with the shooting. His
story Is ? that Tackum was beatins his
wife savagely when he and Husaey inter
fered to protect h«r.
The woman tehs a very different story.
Her head and body show no sign of in-
Jury, except a scar on her nose. She
denied with, emphasis. "that her husband
had ill-treated her and charged that Card
and his partner,. Hussey ,- quarreled and
fought," both using fire.armsNIt was Card,
she 'Bays, who killed; his partner, receiv
ing a bullet wound in return. Then,
realizing the serious consequences, of his
crime, he ingenuously shifted the blame
upon; the Indian, knowing him to have
been-In bad odor with the white constab
ulary. ¦ ¦•• -- . '...* -. ' >» • • ¦• „
- In corroboration of her story other In
dians say. that Card and Hussey had had
frequent quarrels of late and that botn
were drinking heavily- just prior to the
tragedy. Hussey's body has not yet been
found. '¦> ¦•-¦¦ .¦¦¦¦••¦•¦ ¦- -'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - ;¦';• ¦
ST. :: LOUIS, March 20.— Kid Broad of
Cleveland and .Abe Attel of. San j Fran
cisco fought fifteen fast rounds to a. draw
before the West End Athletic Club to
night. Broad was the aggressor through
out, but his 'bulldog style availed him
nothing as against the extreme cleverness
of - the CaHfornian. Broad strove with
might and main to land a knockout blow
in every round, but hla efforts were fu
tile, Attel either blocking his leads or
getting inside df them, and at time3 fight
ing viciously. in. Broad's own style. At
tel used a left jab to the face which
Broad could not evade but the latter
broke even by his good* fighting in the
clinches with one arm free. "The men
were announced to go on at 126 pounds,
but it was plainly evident that Attel was
several pounds below and Broad several
pounds above that figure.
Tit teen Rounds Draw Fight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 20.
Captain A. H. Payson. assistant to Pres
ident Ripley of the ISanta Fe system, in
response to the Invitation of President
Schaffer, appeared before the City Coun
cil to-night and told the members of that
body and a large number of citizens the
intentions of the Santa Fe Kanroad Com
pany. In the most torceful language pos
sible he informed the - city tnat the raii
ruad he represents is coming into Oakland
just as soon as ail legal complications are
cleared away and the necessary materials
can be had to build the gap between Point
Richmond and Oakland.
Accompanied by W. A. Bissell, trade
manager of the Santa Fe, Edward Stearns
and one or two other olticiala of the com
peting road, Captain Payson came into
the council chamber at s o'clock. Tno
Council was ready to meet him and Predi
aent Scharter called the members to or
der, announcing the purpose of the meet
ing. Captain Payaon was then invited to
teii about the Santa Fe's projects.
"It has been the Intention of the Santa
Fe," he said, "to come into Oakland ever
since it acquired the Valley Railroad. It
has simply been a question of means —
how to accomplish the desired end. We
found that the best way to reach the city
limits was by acquiring the. California
and Nevada Railroad, and we have ac
quired it. The papers by means of which
that road will be turned over to the Santa
Fe are being prepared now. So soon as
they are ready it will be ours.
Want Right of Way.
""We are , working In conjunction with
Oakland capitalists to acquire a right of
way/ through the city. This Is why the
Oakland and East Side Railway was or
ganized. It was found to be a good deal
easier to make headway by asking for a
franchise and rights of way with the aid
of local men of influence, and we have
proceeded along those lines. It has done
away with many complications and much
possible opposition.
"This is altogether a business proposi
tion with us. Oakland is a big city and
we, want a share of tha freight that it
imports and exports. We are competi
tors of the Southern Pacific in a good
many places in California and we might
as weli be here.
Council Approves Address.
"We don't promise to give any particu
lar kind of a service, but I think that the
Santa Fe has the name of always giving
the best. We could not afford to give
any oL^l-. But we ask you, If you give
us this franchise, not to hamper us and
burden us with a lot of arduous condi
tions. That will do neither of us. any
good. We had a hard enough time get
ting the lease of China Basin from tho
Harbor Commissioners. They wanted us
to do a great many things that were
really unnecessary, and the result 13 that
it has hampered us not a little. I say to
you, let the tree grow and cultivate it."
Captain Payson's address met with tha
approval of the Councilmen and the
crowded lobby, which cheered him lustily*
Mayor Sarstow was called upon to say
something.
"I say, give us railroads!" was all he
would say.
The Council took a recess of thirty min
utes, ancKn the meantime the Ordinance
and^Jtiaiciary Committee considered the
application of the Oakland and East Sid*
Railroad for a franchise. The committee
unanimously passed the following recom
mendation: «flB|HIHM
"That a resolution fixing April 7 to hear
the petition and application of the Oak
land — and . East .Side Railroad Company
and petitions and applications of prop
erty-owners to grant said company a
franchise be adopted."
The resolution was also introduced and
adopted unanimously by the Council. Tha
franchise is now certain to be granted the
new company, as the Council is a unit in
favor of It and no opposition is expected
from property-owners whose property
will be touched by the railroad.
Will Not Operate Boats From Oak-
DOESN'T WANT PEBBT.
land, Says Bipley.
There will not be a Santa Fe ferry be
tween Oakland and San Francisco.
President E. P. Rlpley of the Atchison.
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad arrived in
the city last evening from. Santa Barbara
and is stopping for a few days at the
Palace Hotel.
"If, through the Oakland and East Side
Railroad, we can get the right kind of
a franchise," he said, "the Santa Fe will
certainly come into Oakland. Oakland is
a city of 100,000 inhabitants. It is growing
and I think a terminal there will be mu
tually advantageous."
One point upon which President Rlpley
expressed himself freely and emphatically
was the talked of Santa Fe ferry between
Oakland and San Francisco. Said he:
"We are not going: Into the ferry busi
ness from Oakland. You may take that
as official and final. Our Point Richmond
ferry we will continue to operate, but our
operations In that line will be confined to
the Point Richmond-San Francisco
route."
President Rlpley has been spending sev
eral weeks at Santa Barbara. . He will
remain here a few days and may go south
again before returning to Chicago.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI,L, FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1902.
¦ The. membership .;roll' Increased • rapidly,'
and ¦ in . 1S73 the congregation • had become
strong enough. 46 "¦» erect a : new church,
larger and more- modern In appearance.
.This edifice, which- now stands at, the
9
AIXvTITlTISElEEJrTS
GR H Q H /&&. Ammunition and Sporting;
P H t% U \L" Gcods. Largest Stock. Low-
•1 g §\H \Jv «t Prices. Until clo*e oJ
B |Su _^k bunting season will offer
U C f *9 FUr:l at rr-daccd price*.
>w n u *ijr Send *or citalogTie.
y Have you
ever tried it? If not,
you can get a free 4
sample by writing E#
a postal to the g*
MELUN'S POOD COMPANY. X^f
BOSTON, MASS.
How About
Your Heart
:
Feel your puke a few minutes.
Is it regular? Are you short of
breath, after slight exertion
as going up stairs, sweeping,
walking, etc? Do you have
pain in left breast, side or
between shoulder blades, chok-
ing sensations, fainting or
smothering spells, inability to
lie on left side? If you have
any of the3e symptoms you
certainly haye a weak heart,
and should immediately take
mSSs* Heart Cure
Mr. F. H. Oaks of Jamestown. N. Y,'
whose genial face appears above, says:
- ** Excessive v use oi tobacco seriously
affected my heart. I suffered severe
pains about the heart, and in the left
shoulder and side; while the palpitation
' would -awaken me from my sleep. I
began taking Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
ana soon found permanent relief."
Sold by all Dru<cU«« (
> Dr.. Miles Medical Co., EikharVtnd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.SCENES AT THE MISSION HIGH SCHOOL DURING THE SECOND DAY'S SESSION- OF THE TEACHERS' AN
NUAL. INSTITUTE. AND SOME OF THOSE WHO CONTRIBUTED, TO THE ENJOYMENT OF THE PRO
CEEDINGS .WITH WELL-RENDERED SELECTIONS. ¦ ¦..¦¦,. - ¦ :,;;.>:'..
The Rev. M. Bercovitz will lecture this
evening at the Hall of Israel's Hope, 11?,'
Mission street, on "The . Importance of
Purim for all Nations." I
Rev. M. Bercdvitz to Lecture.
.Patrick Clancy Not Missing.
Patrick- Clancy, whose' address la given
as St.^ Mary's i College.* Oakland, < was ; re
ported missing , to the Morgue officials on
\v ednesday. : Mrr Clancy ¦ apeared' yester
day, and denied strenuously that, he could
not -be ¦'. found. .7 He • states that Patrick
Hayes is the man who ia missing.
The three days' stay of execution In the
case of Joseph Alexander, ¦ sentenced for
smuggling, expired yesterday, and his
counsel having made no appeal Alexander
was committed to the County Jail to serve
his sentence of thirty days' imprisonment.
Alexander Goes to Jail.
Sues , Executors of . Lux Estate.
r"P.VF. Benson, who holds an, assigned
claim for, $4540 25 against the estate of. the
late; Margarets Lux, filed . a : suit against
Emma Faulkner and F. S.' Pott, ! executors
of ; the : estate, . yesterday; 4 to recover the
amount. ' He alleges that Mrs. Lux,; .a
short .time before her death, transferred
certain property to Mrs. Faulkner, for the
purpose of evading; payment of ; tho
claim. ' ¦ ; «• • -
Raymond Sanchez, the alleged accom
plice of John Stevens, physical instructor,
who- robbed Mrs. Elizabeth. V.' Darling,
913 Eddy street, of $9000 worth of dia
monds on January 24,' was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday In $3000 bonds. Sanchez was ar
rested in Chicago and brought here, but
Stevens is still at liberty.
Sanchez Held to Answer.
.^When last seen Pope was very much de
pressed 5 through" his ; failure to : take uni
versity honors, though '.. a , good position
had" been , made ;for - him . at - Wells-Fargo
Company's, offices* In this; city. The San
Francisco y police-; are doing * all ' in their
power to aid. the family. In the search.
The friends ,. of the family* dread
breaking the news of the disappearance
of PopeT to the already bereaved mother
and - are ' daily - visiting all : the sailor lodg
ing-houses,' examining •: the registers, be
sides communicating with the police- of
other, cities; in hope of obtaining some In
formation.'-;..¦¦¦ ;•* ¦»';---¦ o ¦ v. • ¦ "
The friends of the missing young, man,
Reginald Heber. Pope, ; who, has not been
heard, from 2 since 7 November . 13, when
he {disappeared from . the Winchester
House, .Third street, are In a great state
of -anxiety ; for the safety of the young
man and , especially since every . possible
clew has been followed. up without result.
The mother of the , missing man is due ; to
arrive in the ; city from Manila on Tues
day,with the remains of her late husband,
ColonelPope of. the United States army.'
ing From Manila' and Friends
-r'V-/- "Are Anxious. ¦:' "
Mother of Missing Young Man Com-
Chinese Consul General Ho Yow. Is using
every endeavor to locate the parties who
sent a forged document to the ; Imperial
Government in Peking purporting to be
charges against the Consul made by tho
Six Companies. ' : '•- -__ •¦ •'_ '¦'-_- "¦
The first Intimation received by Ho Yow
of the document was when a .dispatch
from Minister Wu reached ; him • telling
him that tho home Government demanded
an investigation. Minister Wu naturally
had no knowledge of the forgery of - the
seal of - the Six Companies to the docu
ment sent to the Chinese Foreign Office. in
Peking, and he was piepared tometc out
Justice, as shown in the following dis
pach: . ':':'¦'¦ ' "V '¦¦'"
WASHINGTON, . March 20. — \Pn Ting Fang,'
the Chinese Minister, has been - notified 1 of ; tha
preference of charges against his , brother-in
law. Ho .Yow, the Consul General ; at ' San
Francisco, and has Instituted a* searching In
vestigation I to ' learn the i facts. Bfi If the I charges
are sustained,- tho : Minister declares, no 1 tics
of relationship will'* block , the : administration
ofthe full measure of Justice. - ,
. Consul General Ho Yow - was seen last
evening; and said: . . '.¦¦¦¦.
The Six Companies have notified Minister
of Six Companies j Proves to
Be a Forgery.
Document Sent to Peking in Name
Wants Better Quarters.
County Clerk Mahony yesterday called
the attention of the Board of Supervisors
to the fact that his quarters are wholly
inadequate to the necessities of the of
fice. Mahony asks that the courtroom
and, chambers now used by Judge Gra
ham be fitted up with oak racks and Iron
Jiling boxes. Mahony also asks for many
other improvements. ¦
New Tariff for Vladivostok.
The Chamber of Commerce Is in receipt
of a bulletin from the bureau of statistics
at Washington. D. C, pertaining to* tariff
regulations at Vladivostok. The list of
imports which are especially favored in
cludes many of the products of this State
It is stated, however, that the port al
ready has on hand a great supply of the
products mentioned.
Curtain. Dies From Natural Causes.
Michael Curtain, the Junk dealer, who
wan found lying on the sidewalk et Sev
enth and Market streets on Tuesday, fore
noon and afterward removed to the City
und County Hospital, died at that place
tt i o'clock on Wednesday morning. His
death was from natural causes.
William Nesbitt. Julian. Nichols and
Louis Blumenthal, charged with vagran
cy, appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day. They denied the charge,- Nesbitt al
leging that he works as a longshoreman,
Nichols in a meat market and Blumenthal
as a printer. NesbStt admitted that three
years ago he served a sentence for petty
larceny, but he had been behaving him
self since, . They claimed that Policeman
Peshon. who arrested them. wa3 perse
cuting them. They were ordered to bring
their employers Into court this morning,
to which time the cases were continued.
Says They Are Not Vagrants.
The Civil Service Commission will op
pose the appointment of John A. Brown
to be milk Inspector, a position created
by tha Health Board. The commission
eays that civil service is being evaded
by the Health Board. There are ten eli
gible food inspectors and eighteen dairy
inspectors, each of whom Is competent to
fill th» position held by Brown, who js
number 10 on the chief food inspectors'
list and could not be certified for appoint
ment. Brown's salary may be held up by
the commission.
Opposes Brown's Appointment.
J. Koopman. engine 15 to truck 4; J. Finne
jcan, truck 4 to engine 8; R. McShane. engine
S to truck 4; W. Kelly, truck 4 to engine 15;
James Franks, truck 6 to engine 21; \V. R,
Nichols, engine 10 to truck 7; J. J. O'Connor,
truck 7 to truck 0; Charles Reinfeld. truck 9
to engine 1: George Larson, engine 8 to truck
4 : D. Cooney. engine 21 to truck C; George
Thomae. engine 21 to truck 6; H. Schmidt,
iruck 4 to t-ngine S: H. Casej-. truck 6 to en-
Bine 21: George Wells, truck 9 to engine 4.
From, ¦waiting list made as follows: Thomas
?""asserly. William Spinnettl. Joseph Lee, J.
J. Kenny. L. H. Kichards and Edward Linde
berg.
The request of the Fire Commissioners
for several new houses for the use of the
department, as suggested by Chief Sul
livan, will be complied with by the Board
of Public Works. The acceptance of the
construction of these houses was made
public at yesterday's meeting of the Fire
Commissioners, as proposed under the
bond issue. The following transfers of
firemen were made by the Commissioners:
Ne-wr Houses for Fire Department
A. E. Acklom and Frank Ellsworth, the
committee appointed to look over Golden
Gate Park for the purpose of selecting
a suitable location for a public golf
course, spent some time on Tuesday at
their task. Accompanied by Robert John
stone, the resident professional of the San
Francisco Golf Club, they went over the
ground near the pumping station, but de
cided there is not space enough for a
course there. Another location is ¦ the
ground between the Prayer-Book , Cross
and the new buffalo paddock, where a
course might be laid out having a length
of about 1300 yards out and the same dis
tance in. The ground is rolling and the
course would not cross drives nor. bridle
paths. . .
The committee reported the result of its
Investigations at a meeting held yester
day afternoon at the Grand Hotel. It was
decided that communications be. sent, to
certain Eastern cities having public links,
to ask for information as to the manage
ment of the courses and the degree of
patronage received. When this informa
tion has been obtained the Park Commis
sioners will be approached and an effort
made to secure the desired privileges.
From Eastern Cities Which
Have Public Links.
Committee Will Ask for Information
EXAMINE SITES F0R>, V^
GOLF COURSE IN PARE
CHARGES AGAINST HO YOW
HAVE NO FOUNDATION
The artistic schoolroom ' has a refining In
fluence over the ' children. ; The first ' require
ment Is to have the right color in the school,
room. The colors should v be ,¦ as " restful and
quieting as a picture. White should •; not • b«
seen as It is tiring, to the eyes.' I ; would
sugg'est a warm . gray, a buff . or . brewn. . A
room should not be plastered smooth.' It
ought to be rough, or better still, 'burlap or
wood ehould be used; Wood should not * be
varnished, as that spoils its effect. ,' -
There Is nothing too good or too nobls for
the children. I believe the .-teachers should
Charles Keeler, was next introduced and
delivered an interesting and instructive
address on "The Art Spirit in Our Schools
— Art Tendencies in California," He said
all the arts are elevating, refining and
spiritualizing: that art is not, merely
painting, sculpture, architecture, music
and poetry. He added that the first thing
to create in the school room was an art
atmosphere. He continued:
Keeler Talks About Art.
p=-rj-«^HE second day's session ' of the
I teachers' annual institute, which Is
I 1 being held in the Mission High
iX School, proved as interesting yes
terday as on the opening day. The
attendance was just as large, it being
compulsory', for the teachers to attend
these sessions. '" .
At the opening of the second day a large
class of boys and girls from the Agassiz
School, under the leadership of Miss Ada
M. Jcsselyn, rendered ."Whip-poor- Will,"
by French; "Bye-bye-bye," Clayton-
Jon^s; "Annie Laurie," Lady: Jan©. Scott.
The singing was very beautiful and was
greatly appreciated by the assembly. The
children possessed well trained voices, ajid
their work redounded to the credit' of
their leader. Miss Josselyn. As an encore
they rendered a selection from Donizetti's
"Lucia." When the children marcned off
the stage the teachers, tendered them an
ovation. The applause lasted fully five
minutes and Chairman Webster had to
recall the class to render another selec
tion." -
IN VAIN THEY, SEARCH
,--._-• FOR REGINALD H. POPE
Mayor Schmitz will in all probability
attend the final session to-day. The city's
chief executive was to have greeted. the
teachers on Wednesday, but the commit
tee In charge forgot , to notify ; him. He
will be ' accorded a warm welcome if he
fulfills , the promise to meet ,the city's
educators to-day. The session will open
at 9:40 a, m.
"Faust"- Is the greatest book and has taught
us more ¦ that is worth ; knowlnsr in the nine
teenth : century than any other work.
Professor | Gayley read selections from
"Faust" and analyzed ; them. In con
cluding the lecture, the speaker said:
Evolution ¦ proves what 'Goethe long ago de
clared,: that nature dees not. follow byways,
nor go In fits and starts. God was, according
to Goethe,. In "nature from the beginning. He
was there alive/ alone, active and sufficient. -
Our poet must be the ' poet .of evolution
it '¦ he Is to be the - poet of this' century.
Goethe was the greatest poet of the nineteenth
century and "Faust" is the greatest poem.
The first -part of "Faust" was published in
1808, and it was written continuously for
sixty years.' Goethe gave up his life writing
this . zreat poem.,;. - ¦ ¦
Professor Charles Mills Gayley. M. A..
LL. D.,- of. the University of California,
delivered air interesting address. on "The
Greatest Book of the "Nineteenth Cen
tury." He discussed the works of poets
and prose writers. Ruskin's writing, he
said,- was flabby and declared that he bor
rowed his Ideas from Germany. He said
Emerson got his ideas from Carlylo and
the latter borrowed them from Germany.
He &ald Cardinal Newman was the great
est religious thinker of the nineteenth
century. In dwelling on Tennyson he said
"In Memoriam" was not the greatest
poem of the nineteenth century. He said
"Uncle Tom's Cabin" was written for a
purpose and had the largest sale of any
novel written in the last century. The
speaker discussed, the works of Balzac,
Tolstoi and Hugo and .commented on
them. : He said further:
Goethe's Excelling Poetry.
Johnson on the violin and •Prof essor Har
rison on the piano. .
Wu that the document sent; In their name' to
Peking was a. forgery. : I am ex-otficio a mem
ber of the council of the - Six . Companies and
would have known of any ¦ such .steps having
been taken. The books of | the | Six Companies
show: all their transactions, I and J of fi) course
there is no record of any such charges having
been filed. I suppose' that some of my political,
enemies . are responsible for . such "a cowardly
attack. • -They : say. that I have not been active
enoughin opposing the exclusion bill,,- It was
only a. few. weeks ago' that wo were charged
with being too active by parties In Washington.
The Chinese Government will be notified that
: the ¦:. document sent to thenv In the' name' of
the Six Companies was a forgery and that will
end the matter. . .'._.. ¦ ' >.
'It Is a gratifying evidence of the progressive
educational^ policy of the ' Mayor of this • city
: "The .True and the False in- Education"
was the' subject of an address -by J.. P.
Blanton, LL. D., late Dean of the De
partment of Education; University, of Mis
souri. The speaker told some truths about
education . and educators that struck
home. The address was witty and satiri
cal. The paper he read was a discussion
of ancient and modern education. In part
he said: "•¦.;!.'•.>¦•:-. *' ¦' ¦ • ;•. -. « ¦-
Professor Blanton's Address.
¦ ,,The Misses Winnie and Violet Johnson,
accompanied by Professor Harrison, or
ganist of St. Mary's Cathedral, rendered
Gounod's "Ave Maria" in an artistic man
ner.
Mr. I Keeler's words were ¦ greatly ap
preciated. When he concluded he was re
called and bowed his pleasure. : The ad
dress! was followed by singing. A trio
composed of Miss Katheryn Black,
Messrs. 8. J. Sandy and David Manlloyd
rendered a number of selections.
He told of an Ideal school In Berkeley.
He described the way it was decorated
and how the principal had arranged moth
ers' meetings. He told of the influence
these I meetings had on the teachers and
how. the children were benefited. He sub
mitted that if there were more mothers'
meetings and less woman's clubs in the
comniunity >more good would be consum-
mated. This statement was received with
applause. . ¦ • . • .
No art, said Mr. Keeler, was for indi
vllual pleasure, but it was aloving ex
pression given out to us. He was in favor
of ennobling music, and wanted the chil
dren to be taught to sing selections from
Rubinstein, Beethoven, , Schumann and
Mendelssohn. He also wanted them to
gain a better knowledge of poetry. Mr.
Keeler' suggested that the poetry of the
masters should be read to the children.
have copies of great paintings/ ¦ I am In favor
of plants in the schoolroom, but as there is
a rule I against them I would better not suggest
having th?m. Plaster casts should be copies
of works of art. Japanese vases could be used
to advantage In decorating the schoolroom. .
An entertainment and rally were given
by the Epworth League Alliance at Cen
tenary Church, 1717 Bush street, last
night. The large attendance was pleased
with the presentation of an entertaining
programme.
The evening was opened with remarks
by Joseph Baker, Junior president. His
remarks were followed .with a song by
the Centenary jur.iors, and then a very
interesting address by Floyd Clark. Ad
dresses were also made by Rev. E. J.
Harper ar.d Rev. F. M. Larkin.
The chorister, A. B. Weeks, was well
assisted by an able chorus of sixteen
voices. Solos were rendered by Miss Lo
pan Teoley and H. S. Stein. Miss Esther
Ma comber gave a. select recitation. The
programme also consisted of congrega
tional singing, devotional exercises, praisa
service and benediction. At the conclu-
Blon of th'« raily a social hour was passed
¦with the Centenary J^eague in the church
parlors. The programme was well ar
ranged and was enjoyed by all.
Large Attendance Is Pleased With
Programme of Songs and
Addresses.
TPWORTH LEAGUE GIVES
AN" ENTERTAINMENT
McCarthy was so pleased that he con
fessed to having $250 in the Hlbernla
Bank. Prichard Induced him to draw
out the money and intrust him with the
task of investing it for him. McCarthy
drew the money out of the bank and
handed it to Prichard on January 27.
Prichard asked him to. call upon him in
about a month and he wouid let him
know how the Investment had succceed
ed. He did so, and learned that Prich
ard had given up his office and left the
city. :.v;.;,; . >^U3v--/
Prichard came to this city some
months ago and secured an office at 1104
Market street, where he told people's for
tunes by reading their palms. McCarthy
was anxious to know what the future had
in store for him. and consulted Prichard.
who informed him, among other things,
that if he had any money he could make
a fortune by Investing it. ¦ ¦
Walter McCarthy, a longshoreman liv
ing at 820 Folsom street, secured a war
rant from Judge Cabanlss yesterday for
the arrest of "Sir" Henry Prichard.
palmist, on the charge of felony embez
zlement. - ' .
With His Money for Alleged
Investment.
Walter McCarthy Induced to Part
LONGSHOREMAN TEICKEp
BY PALMIST PBICHARD
Following out the same line of argu
ment on which the decision in the Fa!r
will case was based, the Supreme Court
vestcrday invalidated a trust clause in
volving property worth $SQ0,0O9 in the will
cf Josephine Sanford.
M*-s. gunford attempted to make a dis
position of her fortune similar to that
contemplated by Fair. She appointed
thr^e executors, who were to manage the
estate and divide the Income among the
heirs. When two cf the legatees named
ehould have reached the age of 25 years
the property was ordered conveyed.
The lower court declared the will valid
end ordered a distribution of the estate.
Charles Sanford. an heir at law, appealed
from the decree, advancing- practicaily
the same arguments as those employed
by the attorneys for the Fair heirs. The
order of the lower court was reversed and
the heirs can secure the fortune.
The opinion was written by Justice Mc-
Farland. with whom Justice Henshaw,
Van Dyke and Garcutte concur. Chief
Justice Beatty and Justices Harrison and
Temple diss«nting. The members of the
<ourt took exactly the same views in the
Fair case.
Supreme Court Invalidates Trust to
Convey Similar to That of
James Fair.
KNOCKS HOLE IN WILL
OF JOSEPHINE SANFOHD
Members of the Native Sons of the
Golden West are making active prepara
tions for the Grand Parlor to be held in
tlanta. Crui on April 28. 1902.
Delegates are being elected by the vari
e>us parlcrs and candidates for the various
offices to be elected are declaring them
eclves daily. The office about which there
appears to be no doubt is that of Grand
President, to which Lewis F. Byington
¦will succeed by the unwritten law on pro
motion in the order. H. R. McNoble of
Stockton will undoubtedly be elected to
be Grand Vice-Presldent and Judge
Charles M. McLaughlin of Plumas will
fill the Grand Second Vice-Presidency
during the next term. No one doubts that
Henry Martin will succeed himself as
Grand Treasurer and Henry Lundstedt
will continue to serve as Grand Secretary.
Two candidates for the office of Grand
Third Vice-President have already ap
peared la James L. Gallagher and William
V Shea, both of whom now hold the office
»jf Grand Trustee. Indications point to
Gallagher's election. He has attended
Grand Parlors for the last twelve years
&s a delegate and Is very popular.
The candidates for Grand Trustees,
e»vcn of whom are to be elected, are quite
numerous and Include Edward Taaffe,
present Grand Marshal of the N. S. G. VV.
and a member of South San Francisco
Parlor; John Porcher, Past President of
Mission Parlcr No. SS; James llanley.
Past President of Precita. Parlor; James
Devoto, Past President of Alcalde Parlor;
t^ouis ilooser. Past President of Presidio
Parlor; Dr. Washington M. Dodge of
Stanford Parlor No. 76; Major Charles W.
Boxton. present Grand Trustee and Past
President of National Parlor No. 118;
James Devlin. Past President of Sacra
mento Parlor; Joseph Goldman, present
Grand Inside Sentinel and Past President
of Yosemite Parlor; Joseph K. Nolan,
present Grand Trustee and Past President
of Alameda Parlor; George L. Jones, pres
ent Grand Trustee and Past President of
Quartz Parlor; George Radcliff/ present
Grand Trustee and Past President of
Watsonville Parlor; W. D. Wagner, pres
ent Grand Trustee and Past President of
Arrowhead Parlor No. 110, San Bernar
dino: and Judge M. T. Doollng of Hollis
ter Parlor.
The committee referred the matter to
the City Attorney to determine whether
the charter or the act of March 11, 1901.
governs in the granting of such a fran
chise.
Cohen explained that the city would get
fifty free telephones, one duct, one cross
arm on overhead line and 2 per cent of
the gross receipts. It wg.s intended to in
stall direct lines only, and no party lines.
King said he could not divulge the
names of the promoters, but said the
company is fighting the Bell Company.
"I am willing to put up a bond of $50,
009," said King. "I have sufficient capital,
and will put in the latest system. Our
rates are based on 15,000 telephones. "When
we get 23,000 our rates will be 512 per
month on all direct lines. We are build
ing systems in every large city. We agree
to spend $25,000 in. eight months. $50,000 . in
twelve months and $150,000 in twenty-four
months. I represent Eastern capital, and
we have made 4000 contracts in Los An
geles."
M. Adrian King appeared before the
committee with his attorney, Alfred
Cohen, to urge the granting of his petition
for a franchise to operate and maintain
a telephone and telegraph system in this
city.
Wants Telephone Franchise.
John Aubrey Jones offered to sell to the
city a lot on Van Ness avenue, between
Fulton and Grove streets, 275x214 feet, as
a site for the library. . Formal action on
the matter was postponed by the com
mittee until the nzxi meeting.
. EL B. Pond, representing the Merchants'
Association, favored the Lincoln School
property, as did S. C. Irving, president of
the Mechanics' Institute.
Chairman Braunhart explained that the
gift had already been accepted by resolu
tion of the Board of Supervisors, and the
acceptance could not be recalled. Super
visors Wynn and Loughery expressed
themselves as beins- opposed to taking
money from Carnegie, but the committee
decided to make no recommendation on
the matter to the board.
Walter Macarthur addressed the com
mittee in support of the resolutions, and
said that the acceptance of the gift would
be a disgrace in view of the persistent ef
forts of Carnegie to degrade the laboring
man.
Opposes Acceptance of Gift.
The committee teamed for the first
time that the laboring Interests are op
posed to the acceptance of the gift of
fered by Carnegie. .Secretary Ed Rosen
berg of the Labor Council presented a
set of resolutions condemning: the action
of ex-Mayor Phelan in soliciting financial
aid from Carnegie and urging that the
offer to build the library be not ac
cepted. ;.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee met yesterday for the purpose of
selecting a site for the 5750,000 library of
fered to this city by Andrew Carnegie.
Immediate action Is necessary, as the Me
chanics* Institute has withdrawn its offer
to sell the Mechanics' Pavilion property to
the city for $650,000. A new and available
site which seems to strike the committee
favorably is the Lincoln School property,
at the corner of Fifth and Market streets.
This'site will undoubtedly be selected by
the committee, as it will do away with the
necessity of issuing bonds for the'acqui
sition of the land.
Spirited Rivalry Among Can
didates fo*r Grand
Trustees.
Petition for Telephone Fran
chise Is Listened to by
Committee.
negie Library.
It Probably Will Be
. Chosen for the Car-
Lively Session Expected
at Grand Parlor,
N. S. G. W.
MANY ASPIRANTS
TO HIGH OFFICE
LINCOLN SCHOOL
SITE IS FAVORED
TEACHERS LISTEN TO TALKS
UPON ART AND LITERATURE
HEIRS WITHDRAW
THEIR CONTESTS
Professor Gayley of the University of California Pronounces Goethe
\ the .Greatest Poet of the Nineteenth Century-— Charles Keeler
Dwells on the Refining Influences of Art : in Schoolrooms
Compromise Made With
.Nephew and Niece of
Dr. Cogswell.
Mr3. Stevens and Don Alvaro
Skillington Make
Terms.
nnd the Board of Education to see that the
commercial- department of your evening gram
mar school was segregated and given distinct
individuality, with the view of developing It
Into.awsat school of commerce. Though It
is sold to be the intention to give -this in
stitution secondary rank in the system of pub
. lie education.- It ,1s hoped that the courses of
instruction will not only furnish its students
with a thorough knowledge of the technique
of business, but will give them a broad and
comprehensive view of the world's commercial
activities— the history of trade and commerce,
commercial 'geogrraphy; and some acquaintance
with the principles . of political science and
sociology. . Thorough courses in domestic ¦econ
omy- should constitute «n important feature of
the system of public education.
Miss Katheryn Black rendered two se
lections and her sweet singing was greatly
enjoyed. She was accompanied by Miss
A dismissal of the contests of the will
0/ the late Dr. Henry Cogswell, which
were commenced last June by Don Alvaro
Skilllngton and Marion S. Stevens, a
nephew and a niece of the deceased
philanthropist was filed yesterday.
Attorneys Wheeler and Reed, who filed
the dismissal, stated that they
were not at liberty to make public the
terms of the compromise. Efforts are
being made by the heirs to effect a
similar understanding with Mrs. trmily
Sammi. .a niece of Dr. Cogswell, who is
also contesting the will.
Mrs. Stevens and Skillington were not
mentioned by Dr. Cogswell in his will.
They both contested on the ground of un
due influence. Mrs. Stevens lives in this
city and Skilllngton Is an Inmate of the
Soldiers' Home at Yountville.
. Mrs. Emily Samml aiso alleges undue
influence in the contest begun by her.
She was left Jlo.OuO by Dr. Cogswell .'n
the body of the will, but the bequest was
revoked in a codicil he added to the docu
ment shortly before his death.
Dr. Cogswell left an estate worth
J500.000. ¦ •
ACCUSED OF BEING
DECOY FOB FOOTPADS
Percy Hutchison Has Nettie Eyley
Arrested and Booked for
Kobb3ry.
Nettle Ryley, a middle-aged woman,
who was known around the i tenderloin
several years ago, was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective Riordan and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
robbery. She Is accused by Percy Hutch
inson of being the stout, blonde woman
decoy for two footpads who robbftd him
on Post street, near Leavenworth, last
Friday night. . •
Hutchinson identified her by her general
appearance, but more particularly by a
wedding ring she wears on the third fin
ger of her. left hand. She ia a stout
woman of fair complexion and fair hair,
turning gray. The bartender at the saloon
on Post and Taylor streets, where Hutch
inson said he had several drinks with the
woman prior to the robbery, failed to
identify Nettie at the City Prison. She
denied positively that she was the woman
footpad, and says she can prove a com
plete alibi by friends at whose house she
was stopping that night. She was released
on $1000 cash bail. " '
The police do not place much credence
in Hutchlnson's identification, as he has
suspected a number of ladies who are
eminently respectable. During the strike
Hutchinson drove a truck and had one of
his arms broken by a blow from a piece
of pipe.
The funeral of Judge Charles M. Harris,
the well-known Nevada Jurist, will taJce
place next Sunday afternoon. .It did not
take place on Wednesday afternoon, as
previously announced. The services will
be conducted under the auspices of Lin
coln Post No. 1, Grand Army of the Re
public.
Funeral to Take Place Sunday.
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in Insolvency were filed yester
day In the United States District Court as
follows: Fred H. Collins, laborer, Stock
ton, liabilities $3301, no assets; Eva Gui
t£rrez, boarding-house keeper, Berkeley,
liabilities $1535, assets tm. Max Hoef
llch, A. Colombat and Mary Owens, cred
itors of J. O'Brien & Co. of this city, filed
a petition to have O'Brien & Co. declared
an Involuntary insolvent. They allege that
on March 3 the firm committed an act
of insolvency by allowing: an attachment
to be placed upon Its property. The peti
tioners allege that. the following sums are
due them: Hoeflich 1355 40, . Colombat
¦J2S6 75, and Mary Owens $2440. ¦-
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 21, 1902.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND TAKE NO ' OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN CLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP'
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHEKS for their CHILDREN.
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURE3 WIND
COLIC. • and is the best • remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by DrusTRlsts In every part of
the world. Be cur* and ask for. .
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
TH« signature Is 09 mvrj box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
tbr* remedy that cores • cold in one dag*
&Cfcj£frins^
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
specialists roa mo.
Established 188L Con-
sultation and private boa*
tre« at office or by -ti
cure* guaranteed.
73r MARKET Sr.
BAN FRANCISCO. CJUU.
CQLDS
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
¦ ¦. . ¦ c-
OF HARTFORD. I>f THE STATE OF CO>T-
nectlcut. on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1901. and for the year ending: on that day;
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section 613 of the Political Code of
said State. ,: i
¦>r .;¦ . ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned
Dy the company $11,919,375 31
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate... 23,551.115 84
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks or other
marketable securities as col-
lateral 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans in any
fcrm taken in payment of pre-
miuir.3 on policies now In force. . €97,032 91
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonda owned by the Com-
pany 26.735.368 »3
Amount of Cash deposited la -
Banks 1,105,970 23
Interest due and accrued 800,712 63
Rents due and accrued 10,633 2S
Net amount of premiums in pro-
cess of collection, and of d«- ;
i erred premiums 354,470 24
Total Assets <65.277.179 21
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and ma- .
tured endowments, due and un-
paid $45,193 30
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
du i 146. 7S0 00
Claims resisted by the Company. . 28.500 CO
Net present value of all the out-
• standing policies, computed ac-
cordingr to the Combined Expe-
rience Tables of Mortality, wita
four per cent interest 54,277,637 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends
to policy holders 1.101. 193 21
Add-tlonal reserve by Company's
standard. Am. Tabla 3% per- • -¦ • •••* ¦ ¦¦ -
cent on insurance since April 1.
1IS2 2.470.434 00
All other liabilities .:............ 195. 073 01
Total Liabilities .$53,266,138 63
KJCOME. ~
rash received for premiums on
new policies during tha year $4C3.C56 67
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 4.6S9.C13 -7»
Cash received for sale of annuities 15.7S3 09
Cash received for Interest 2.527.195 48
Cash received for rents 457.C21 10
Cash received from, all other jV
.ources 88.603 75
Total Income $S.1S2,473 SS
EXPENDITURES. *
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,638,270 C4
Cash paid to annuitants 4,224 87
Paid for surrendered policies BW.217 43
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers •1.2M.M6.M
Commissions paid to agents 402.703 81
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 161.013 34
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 18.500 00
Medical examiners' fees and sala-
ries J? 3 ' 072 **
I Cash paid for taxes : 226,856 &*
Cash paid for rents 8.373 «H
All other cash payments 549.7*4 27
Total Expenditures during tha
year $7,872,913 23
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT]
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year. .$703,861 90
Total $763.86190
Deductions during th«
year, as follows:
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations
used in payment of
losses and claims .- $18,019 73
Amount of notes and other *- r V- ;
premium obligations
used in purchase of sur-
rendered policies.. 6.487 34
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations
used in payment of div-
idends to policy holders. 29,070 83
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations
redeemed by maker in
cash 12.331 01
Total reduction of Pre-
mium-Note Account $66,828 09
Balance, note assets at
end of the year. ........ • $697,032 91
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. tV.fcUT.IS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this lOtS
day of February. 1902.
NATHAN F. PECK.
Notary Publie.
A. K. P.lTARMON,fi|]
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT *^' A
PACIFIC COAST AGCJVCIEJ, •
F*. R. NO YES, ;
GENERAL AGENT.
30-81-32 MILLS BUILDING,
¦*.-¦•; SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Oppression. Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, enred t j.
ESPiG'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Parts, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUGEJ4A & CO.
SOLD BY ALL. DRUGGISTS ¦
"D13TTCIJ17O FOR BARBEllS. BAK-
.DllUoOJuC) •"• bootblacks, bath-
houses, billard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers. - Courmills. . foundries, laundries, paper*
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
'BUCHANAN BROS.'.' .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 6t
ScCO.^g?^
VALUE OF.TESTIMONY.
Greater Than Assertion.
There Is none of us so hardened but
that when we have been able to aid our
fellow creatures by conferring a benefit
or bringing a little comfort Into their
lives we like to have appreciation
shown. This generally affords more
pleasure than the performance of tha
act Itself, and In this connection the
following letter from a Parl3, Texas,
lady is of more than usual interest:
"Dear Friends: I address you as such,
for you have been such to me. I suf-
fered for three years off and oh with
piles. I was treated at the hospital, and
the new and elegant hospital of Mem-
phis; they ' only gave me temporary re-
lief. I came West, thinking the change
of air and. water would benefit me; five
months ago the bleeding piles came back
on me, and bled so much that I thought
I .would die. I have had, four of the
finest doctors in this section of Texai:
all they did was to finally nearly let me
go to my grave; all they wanted was a
big sum of money from me and to op-
erate on me. I said no; no surgeon's
knife would enter me; if it was my tlma
to die God knew it, and when I died I
would die all together. I began* hear-
ing about your ' medicine/ I had no
faith in you, but I sent and got a box
of your Pyramid Pile- Cure; In two days
the blood flow/ hid slackened to one-half
the 'amount, and in one week I felt so
much better 'I walked four blocks and
did a little housework. I was not bleed-
ing, then; in three weeks I was well.
God bless you for putting such a won-
derful medicine within the reach of suf-
fering men and women. I shall never
cease to recommend your medicine or
be without it; also I used your Pyramid
Pills. Sallie A. Hearndon." Testimony
like this should be more*convincing than
all claims and assertions, and should
leave no doubt in the mind of the reader
as to the merit of the remedy. Pyramid
Pile Cure Is sold by druggists for fifty
cents a package, or will be mailed by
the makers to any address on receipt o*
price. Write Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall, - Mich., for their book on cause
and cure of piles. • I
1 ADVERTISEMENTS.
I regard my COLD CURE as moro
valuable than a life insurance policy.
It not only cures colds in the head,
colds In the lungs, colds in the bones,
bat it wards off dangerous diseases
such as grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— ilUNYON.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom fails to reliers
Ia one to three hours, and cures in a few days.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively cures all
forms of indigestion and stomach trouble.
Munyon's Coush Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
kUays soreness and speedily beals the lungs.
Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly cures pains la tha
back, loins or groins, and all fonnsof kidney disease.
Munyon'sVitalizcrrestoreslostpowersto weak men.
' All the cures are a$ cents, at any drug store.
< Munyon'M <-'n1do to Health should be in tha
hands of every mother. It will help them to knew
the symptoms of every disease and tell them th«
ptooer treatment. Sent free to any address.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
¦UXTO2TS ISHAIEB CUBE* C1T1BBH.BAGS —^3rain , Bags. June . and ; July."} 6cr San
Quentln. .. 5.65c; /Wool V. Bags. V; 32@35c;: , Fleece
Twine, 0 . 7% ©8C. i^jjIB
COAL^- Wellington, S9 ; per i ton; i Southfleld
General, Merchandise'.
•There .waa no. further decline in Bran or
Middlings. -but Corn products were! lower.". Hay
stood as before,- being. weak. * ...
BRAN— $14<g>14 50 per ton.. .
•MIDDLINGS— $17 60@19 60 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS-^Rplled -Barley.' $20® 21 per
ton:'Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2«: Jobbing
$26 50@27:, Cocoanut i Cake.' $20@21; Corn Meal ;
*29@3;- Cracked. Corn/»$29 60®30 60;.-'Mixed
Feed. 1 $10017 50; Cottonseed Meal,- $26 50. -
HAY-T\Ti«at. • S0©12; r.Wheat ; and ; Oat. : $0®
Hay : and'j Feedstu ffs,
Articles— Open. High. ; Low. Close
Wheat No. 2— - ' °* 0>
May ...74 74% 73% 74%
July 74% 75 74%, 75
September ...... 74% . 7474 , , 74 % 74%
Corn No. 2— . : .'. 7 *
May .;......... 61% 61%' 00% "61
**<££% '£¦' 68'/ V 68Ti
May ............ 43% 43% 42% , 4314
July ........... 35% • 35% . 35 * " / 35%
September ..... 29% 30 29U-* 29V4
Mess .¦ Pork, - per barrel— /" / - ,'*
May ..... ..15 42%. 15 62% 15 42% 15 62%
July,... ....... .15 60 .15 67%. 15 CO ..15 C7%
Lard, per 100 pounds— " ,. -V.-.U^
May,. 0 42% 9 45 9 42% 9 45/
July '.. 0 62% - 0 55 .0 62% 9 55
September ........... ...... ....... q B5
• Short Ribs, per 100 pounds — .; -.-¦•¦*.*..- -¦•-¦
May 8 45 8 60 . 8 45 8 50
July'.....:..:.. 8 67% .8 02% • 8 57% 8 K2%
September-...:.' 8 72% 8 75 8 70 . 8 75
! MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as' ' fol
lows,; usual discount* to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour,. S2 75:. Rye
Meal. $2 50:Rice^Flour. $7; Corn. Meal. $3 25;
extra cream "do, $4.\; Oat Groats, $5; THomlny,
$4(@4 25: Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; :Farina, f $4 50; .Whole' Whtat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0 85BS 35;
in sacks.- $0 o 50@S; Pearl.Barley. $5; SpIlt^Peaa
$5; « Green ¦ Peas. $0 60 per. 100 ; lba. ,-. « ¦ ., • ,\ •
•: FLOUR— Calif ornla r. Family '. Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers 1 . Extras,': $3 40@3 50;
Oregon,^ $2 , 75@3 26 1 per ', barrel | for 1 family and
$.3@3 50 for Bakers' ; .Washington Bakers',', %ZU
3 so. .-'
Flou r and ; Millstuffs:
The following were = the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yeater
;day;y^7<WIBWf**IWWBWt>y*jaM!l
- _- : *• ¦ Morning Session.
100 Best & Belch. . 271 200 Ophlr ....... 07
100 Best & Belch.. £61 200 Potosl 13
300 Caledonia .'. . ; 46| 100 Union Con. . . 20
¦gtfltety.'gpy? r Afternoon Session.
¦ .50 Caledonia' .'. . *47: "500 Overman .... 09
ilOO Caledonta ... 49 1000 Potost ....... 15
600 Challenge ....18 1500 Union-Con...- *7
600 Chollar - V : 12 1 300 Utah - oT
; 200 Mexican . ; . . . S3 j
-.The following , were the ' sales In the Pacfflc
Stock' Exchange yesterday : v
- . -., : Morning . Session.
600. Best & Belch. 27 SOO Mexican ..:.. 33
300 Caledonia'.".. 45 -600 Overman .'.;. 03
400 Challenge .... 10 6CO Potosl 13
1200 Chollar ...... 1C 2500 Potosi ........ 14
100 Con C & V.I 27%' 600 Potosl. ........ 15
• 300 Gould & Cur.. 09; 600 Savage :.".,..." 00
500 Justice ....... OS ! 300 Sierra Nev. : . 23
500 Justice ....... 0j' 200 Silver Hill...- 68
¦ 200 Mexican : .". ... 32 200 Union Con .-. .- 28
- Afternoon Session.' -
600 Chollar 12 .300 Potosl . .. u
100 Con Cal & V.I' 30 2000 Savage ...... 00
.600 Gould & Cur. ,09 300 Sierra Nev-.. 24
200 Mexican ..... 33 700 Silver Hill... 60
100 Ophlr - .' . .-.". : .96 ICO Silver ' Hill . . ;*.' 60
600 Potosl........ 13 200 Union Con...'. 27
"¦ Morning Session, r
Board —
6 Home -3 70
100 Occidental of W Va (b 30)..... ... ¦ 19
200 Peerless .......... ............. 650
1000 Reed Crude ...:.......'. ... : 34
¦ • ..<•¦:,-' Afternoon Session. .
1000 Cala-Standard ......... ....;.... 19
200 Home ¦¦.".:... .".*..* 3 80
750 Oil City Petroleum 20
60 Thirty-three'...;......" 7 75
CHICAGO. March 2O.-There was a general
landslide In grains before noon' led by wheat
Rains in the West and Southwest smashed
prices. Corn was weaker on the warm weather
and Southwest selling and oats felt panicky for
a time. Wheat opened easy on cables and the
weather, but was met with fair support for a
time. A fair number of buying orders were
executed but. soon came the slump In the
Southwest. Kansas City and St. Louis were
earnestly bearish and prices, in those markets
were rapidly slipping off. - .At one time St.
Louis was 2%c. under yesterday's May closing
price. The local crowd here -who had been
taking in some stuff, turned about - - to sell
Longs liquidated ; stop-loss orders were met'
causing still further weakness, and before May
had stopped on Its downward course almost le
was lost. Speculators overlooked bull news
Liverpool continued steady at a small decline'
seaboard- clearances, were large and fecelDts
were small. Statisticians reported the croD in
a less favorable position. . There was a better
continental demand reported early and millers
were reported largo buyers of May. Notwith
standing these conditions the weather seemed
all powerful. May, which ¦ opened u««i P
lower at 74@73%c. sold off to 73%c
came some covering and the break was'etODDed
The big Influence, however, .came ' later in tho
shape of reports that wheat was on an export
basis. May wheat shot up to a steady clos*
a ehade higher, at 74%@74%c. ! "* ?¦
Corn, like wheat, had a firm support the
first hour, theiv a sharp break. This market
was Influenced largely by the bearish feelina
in the Southwest. May closed easy. V.c down
at 60%@61c. * /A 0Wn>
Speculation in May oats was extremely ner
vous, and was hammered down l%c. At this
time large quantities were unloaded , Again
the market was comparatively strong * Mav
closed easy, %c lower at 43%c. / ¦ - .
In spite of a large run of hogs, a lower ho*
market and the -depression. In grains nro
vlslons held up strongly. May pork closed 10c
higher, ribs 6c up and lard 5c higher. -
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK 6TOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. High. . Low. Close.
Atchison 17.900 78 77U 77%
Atchison j>fd 2.600 ¦ 97% 87% " 874s
Baltimore A Ohio.. 10.RO0 107% * 106% 106%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 94% 93% 94%
Canadian Paclflc... 4,500 115% 115% ,115%
Canada Southern... 100 87% '87% 87%
Chesapeake A Ohio 100 46 40 43%
Chicago & Alton.. 1,200 36 35% 35%
Chi <& Alton pfd.. 100 75% 75% 75%
Chi Ind & Louis... 8.400 60% 65% 63%
Chi Ind & Louis pf 300 79% 79% 78%
Chf A Eastern 111. 200 169% 159% 159
Chi A Gt Western. 1,400 24% 24 ~ 24%
Chi A Gt W A pfd. 100 87% 8714 67%
Chi & Gt W B pfd. .... .... 45%
Chi * NW 6.800 231%. 230 230%
Chi B I & Pacific. 2,4ft) 174 172 172', 4
NEW YORK, March 20. — The so-called spec
ialties etlll occupied the largest share of at
tention in the rtock market to-day. Their
movements were not quite so wide nor so
feverishly active as yesterday, but there was
et!!l an eccentric irregularity in this, portion
of the market. As for the standard stocks
that usually make up the bulk of the trading
by reason of their large capitalization and rep
resentative character they were- neglected -and
sluggish tts for some time past. There was
some heaviness among the anthracite carriers,
but the declines in that group were limited
to fractions and -good recoveries were made.
There was rood support In St. Paul without
any explanation for- the buyins:, which gave
rise to the supposition that, the support was
part of the plan to facilitate the operations
of speculative pools elsewhere in the market.
Colorado Fuel was again a conspicuous figure
and touched yesterday's hleh level again at
1C7,' closing with a net caln of 4% after a
"••ery erratic course during the day. Tbl*
movement seemed to have a sympathetic effect
on Tennessee Coal and Hocking Coal, but the
United States Steel stocks continued neglected
and heavy as they have been ever eince the
proposed bond Issue which was announced.
Sugar was sold early on professed disappoint
ment over the terms of the bill for reducing
the Cuban sugar tariff, but later it rose strong
ly and closed with & net gain of a point.
Amalgamated Copper continued quite active
and was bought by the shorts to cover, re
sulting In a net gain of about a point. At
tempts to market some* stocks recently bought
at high prices made broad inroads on those
prices on. very email sales. There was a con
cpicuous demand for Chicago Union Traction
and International Power and the newly listed
corn product stocks were advanced more than
a point over their first sale price. The local
tractions advanced In response to the announce,
ment of the favorable action of stockholders
In the Brooklyn Transit Company and the
Metropolitan Street Railway Company upon
the proposed capital readjustments. The rise
of 3% in Long Island seemed to be In sym
pathy- with this group. The market closed
quite active, but irregular. Growing consid
eration Is given to the question of money sup
plies between now and the time of • the April
quarterly settlements. The continued firmness
of the London money market and the large
Government loan operations ' looming ' In the
near future there and on the Continent are
alro subjects for consideration.
The active speculative issues In the bond
market were inclined to be - heavy, but the
general list was Irregular. Total eales, par
value, $2,450,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call. r. : -
New York Stock Market.
. HIDES , AND SKINS — Culls and brands - sell
about l%c under ; quotations. Heavy salted
Steers.* 10%c;' medium. -9@9%c;. light.-. S@S%c;
Cow ; Hides, 9c_- for /heavy 8c for" light;
Stags C@O%c; Baited Kip, 8c;, Salted Veal. 9c :
Salted Calf.; 10c;- Dry- Hides.^ 16c; Culls; 14c
Dry Klp,-13o; Dry. Calf.' ISc: Culls and Brands
16c*' Sheepskins, • shearlings.- 15®30o each; short
Wool. 30@60c each ; medium. ¦» 60@75c ; long
•Wool -SOc@$l 10 each: -Horse Hides, salt, ;-$2 75
@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium, • $1 75
@2 - for small : and 50c • for ; Colts ; Horse Hides :
dry- $1' 75: for large. i$125@l 60 for -medium,- $1
@1 25 for small and 50c 'for. Colts. - 1 ; Deerskins-
Summer » or ?' red skins; ; 35c ; fall ; or • medium
skins." 30c:: winter, or; thin ' skins, „ 20c." . Goat-
Bklns— Prime Angoras, 75c;- large. and smooth.^
BOc; medium," 35c. -¦ '.' • - '-..- •-.:
¦- TALLOW— No. il rendered. 6%@6c per lb;
No. 2.' 4Vi@5c:' grease,. 3@3%c. . .
¦VVOOL-7-NOmlnal. '-'>. i-.. ". - • ' . '¦ ' .v .
* HOPS— ll@12c for' fair and 12%@14c . per lb
for good "t to- choice. - Local dealers quote 13®
X7%c : for, shipment.
Hides, Tallow, W.ool and Hops.
. . . The Chicago market was rather' higher. ,- but
trade 1 was not; large. San Francisco /dealers
say that they ; cannot now buy , Hams ; for : the
same , money , that they could a few days ¦ ago.
and .-quote this -market for - Hams. Bacon and
Lard ; steadier, < without any change in quota-
" 0 CURED * MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for'
heavy. 12%c for light medium. 13%c for light.
14V > cfor extrallgnt ana 15c for sugar-cured -
Eastern- sugar-cured Hams 12%@l3c; Califor
nia i Hams, 11%@12%c; Mess $9 50@10
per.' barrel; -extra^MesS,. $10 60@ll; f Family.
$11 60@12; prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear.
$22 B0@23; . Mess, $18 50@19,v ; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. - . -,
' LARD— Tierces , quoted ¦- at . 7%c per :ib for
compound and 10%@lle_for pure; half barrels,
pure,- llV4c: 10-lbi tins, , ll%c; ¦. 6-lb: tins, ll%c;
3-lb tins. ll%c. , > . ¦ ' .. .
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. ; 9%c; three
half-barrels,, 8%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9i/.c; five tierces. 0%c per' lb.^ - .
Provisions;
) There is nothing new In this market, f
FRUITS—^Apricots, 0@Uc ' for Royals •'• and
10@13c for . standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@0c; sun dried,:. 6c;
Peaches, 6V4@Stfc: Pears. 6@0c; Plums, pitted.
e<80c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6o
for red and 6%@Gc for white; figs. 4%c for
black and 5%(&(ic for white. , ,1
•PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 0@(!%c: 40-50's, -4%®5tic: 60-fO's, 4V4
©4%c; 60-70-s, 3%@4%c: 70-80's, 3%@3%c; SO-
U0's7 2%©3V4 l c; 90-100's. 2%@2%c peF lb.
- RAISINS — Seeded. *3-crown,. 8c; 2-crown, : 6U
®7%c; Loose- Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5Vic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached arid r 7®
8V.C for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De
hesa, $2 50; Fancy. • $1 75; London Layers,
NUTS — Chestnuts; ll@12c; Walnuts, No 'l
sottshell, 0%@10c; No: 2 .8@S%c; No. lhard
eliell.' 9c; "No. 2. 7c; Almonds. 10%@l2c for
paper-«hcll, 0@10c for softshell and (i@7c for
hardshell; Peanuts, C©7c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts. 12@12%c: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. 11
<ffil3c: Cocoanuts, $3 50@5. . ¦ . ¦
HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for bright and 8@llc
for light amber; water- white extracted, 6@
6c;light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c. -
- BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. •
Dried Fruits,' Nuts and Raisins.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money. ..83%! M K & T. .24X4
Do.- account;. 93 7-I6- Do prefd ."."..;;.- 651Z
Anaconda ....... «U N Y Central... :.16($%
Atchison :.. 79%"NorfoIk & West.. 61
Do prefd 100 1 Do prefd 82%
Baltimore & Ohio. 100% Ontario & West.. 33%
Canadian Paclflc. 1189h ; So Railway. 33U
Chesa A Ohlo;v..- 47V4| tto prefd....... oa"
Chic Gt Western.' 24%jS Pacific.'...;.... (57
C M A St Paul... 169%j Union Paciflo... ..16214
Denver A R Grde. 44% Do prefd.... ...89%
Do prefd 94 jU S Bteel. ....... tfzl
Erie 38 Do prefd.. ...... 97%
Do 1st prefd... 70%|WabaBh .......;. 24U
Do 2d prefd.... 56%j Do prefd.. 4414
Illinois Central.. .143V4 Spanish 4s....,..; 771?
Louis & Nash:. .100%!
Bar sliver, dull, 24 13-lCd per ounce. : Money,
2%@3 per cent-^
The rate of discount In the open market for
ebort bills U 2% per cent. The -rate of dis
count in the open market for 3 months' bills
Is 2% per ceo'
"Money—' U S Steel .42%
Call. loans 3%@4% U S Steel pfd.... 04%
Time loans... % 4%®5 Mining — .
Bonds — . Allouez 04
Atchison 4s 103 Amalgamated ... 64 «
Gas lsts 87- Baltic 40 *
Mexican Cent 4s.. 81% Blngham 24%
N E Gas & Coke. 60% Calumet A- Hecla,600
Railroads — • Centennial 23%
Atchison 97 Copper Range..'.. 69
Boston & Albany. 2C2 Dom Coal 118«
Boston* Maine. .194% Isle Royale ...... nit.
Boston Elevated . . 1 C9 Mohawk -...-.' 34
N Y N. H.& H...214, Old Dominion.... 20 Si
Fitchburg pfd 147 Oseeola . .- 61
Union Pacific... 80% Parrot 29«
Mexican Central.. 29% Qulncy ...130
. Miscellaneous^ — Eanta Fe Copper. ' 3U
American Svfear.1131 Tamarack -..180
Am Sugar pfd.... 11 8 Trlmountaln ....100 >
Am Tel & Tel... .169% Trinity ...... 14*.
Dom Iron & S.... 44>,i United States..... issi
Gen Electric 317 Utah 22^
Mass Electric 36% Victoria 5a?
Mass' Elec pfd.... 96% Wlnona'. 1 4?
N E Gas & Coke. 7% 1 Wolverine ....... 82
United Fruit .... 99% I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
Adams Con 25 Little Chief n
Alice.-: 40 Ontario 7 60
Breece 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con.. 08 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun..".- 05 Potosl jo
Con Cal & Va..l 25 ISavage ......... "04
Dead wood Terra. 60 ' Elerra Nevada. ..' 10
Horn Silver 140 [Small Hopes..... 45
Iron Silver...... .07 :Standard .3 35
Leadville Con.... 05 I
Total «ales 584,000 shares.
. NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 109 L & N unl 4 102%
U 8 ref 2s coup.. 109V Mexican Cent 4s 83
"S?.s reg 109U MeX Cent 1st inci 33
U S 3s coup 109U M & St L 4s... 103U
IT S new 4s reg.. 139 M K A T 4s »9T4
U S new 4s coup. 139 K M .K & T 2nds... 82%
US old 4s reg.... Ill N Y Cent lsts. ..103%
U S old 4s coup. .112 N Y Cent gen.3% 8 108
U S 5s reg 106 N J Cent gen 6s..l40
U S U coup, 106 Nor Paclflc 4s.. .105%
Atchison gen 4s. .105% Nor Paclflc 3s... 74 *Z
Atchison adj 4s.. 83% Nor A W con 4s. 103%
Bait & Ohio 4S..1O4U Reading gen 4s.. 9»2
Bait & Ohio 3%s..95% St L A I M en 6s.ll9%
Bait & Ohio en 4s.lO7^ St L A S F 4s. 08%
Canada Sou 2nds.lO8 St L S W lsts P9U
Cent of Ga 5s.... 110% St L S W 2nds!! SOU
Cent of Ga 1st lnc 78% S A & A P 4s. .;'. 91 2
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7% Sou Pacific 4s 04%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 84% Sou Ry 5s..... ...122
C B & Q new 4s.. »5»4 Texas & Pac lsts.120%
CM& St P gen 4s.ll5% T St L & W 4s7! 85
C & N W con 7s. 138 (Union Pacific 4s.. 105%
C R I & P 4s 112%!Union Pac con 4s.lO6%
CCC&St L gen 4s. 108%; Wabash lets 119%
Chi Term 4s 88 IWabash 2nds 110%
Colo & Sou 4s.... 94% IWabash deb B... 75%
D & R G 4s 103 '.West Shore 4s.... 113
Erie prior lien 4s. 99%|W & L E 4s...... 91
Erie gen 4s...«.. 87% 1 Wiscons1n Cent 4s OOU
F W A D C Ists.112% Con Tob 4s 06%
Hocking Val 4%s.lO8% I "
Informal - Sesslon-r9 : 15 o 1 clock— December—
2000 ctls, 77&C- ¦.:-."..¦•¦..;, ¦ .
•Second Session — No sales. •.
Regular -Morning "Session— December — 2000
ctls, 77y 4 c; 2000,, 77%c; 2000. 77%c; 4000. 77%c.
May— 4000. . 00c; 4000. 00% c. , - - ,' : /"
.-- Afternoon . Session — December — 2000 ¦ ctls,
77%c. - -' '- • - ... <•• :
-OATS — Rather more -demand on local ac
count • was • reported , : yesterday . at unchanged
quotations. .-,-.¦-- - ¦ : ...: , ..- ¦.,
. Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise,' $140@l 45; black $1 12%@1 22% for
feed and,$l 22%@1 for seed; red/ $1 30@
1 42% per ctl. • -. ¦
¦ CORN — There was more life to the Chicago
market and the local bulls were heavy buyers
while the i Southwest were large sellers.
There was nothing new in this market.
Large Yellow, $13501 50: small round do,
SI 85@l"50; white, $1 35@1 40 per ctl.
RYE— Continues quiet at 92%@05c per ctl.
, BUCKWHEAT-^Juoted at * $1 «5@1 75 - per
cti. '¦,- •¦.: • ; ¦.¦..¦-,-¦ , '. . .- ;' :..:¦,¦ ,
CALL BOARD SALES,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.- •-,-
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls,-$l 07%.
Regular Morning : Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1 11%., December— 10,000, $1 08%; 42,000,
. Afternoon Session — No . sales.
- BARLEY— There was no further decline, but
the market was, weak and dull. -\ •• • -
¦ The Australian . demand ; continues and - the
Ventura-took out yesterday 26,332 ctls, valued
at $31,424. ¦>- ; - t
Feed 92%@93%c for No. 1 and 00c for . off
grades; brewing and shipping grades, 95@97%c;
Chevalier,' 05c@$l 20 per ctl. . ,
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower.
Paris futures showed little change. .
Renewed ralris over the winter wheat belt
formed the guiding feature at Chicago yester
day. Texas got a heavy fall and Kansas canib
in for a fair share, though, the latter. Stata
sent in some roports of ravages by the Hessian
fly. These rains, "coupled with weakness at
Kansas City and St. ., Louis- and a - declining
tendency , in coarse ¦ grains, ¦ caused a decline
from 74c to 73%c, with commission houses and
the Southwest letting go freely.. Later on the
lost .ground was recovered, as the selling 'had
apparently v been overdone and a . good 'export
demand ' developed. '- The seaboard reported 'a
better ; Continental demand and New ; York
worked 150 loads for export. . The cash demand
at Chicago and Duluth also showed ¦ marked
Improvement.
- In this market futures recovered: some of the
recently loet ground.'but r shipping . quotations
were "unchanged..:"^'.' . ... ;•
Spot ' Wheat — Shipping, $1 ll^i; milling.
$1 12%@1 15 per ctl. ,--.. . ,. - ._ . • -• -¦
Wheat \and Other Grains.
¦ Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — , 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 07%
Silver, per ounce -— \ 63%
Mexican Dollars, nominal......... — 45%
' NEW YORK, March 20. — A betterment of
£1 in prices fcr tin at London raised the
closing figures there to £116 15s for spot and
£114 for futures. The New York " market
rallied to the extent of about 15 points, cloRlns
with spot at 20%@27c, but without much busi
ness.
Copper was steady and unchanged at New
York with lake at 12@12%c. electrolytic and
casting at 12@12Kc At London there was a
break of 12s Od, which closed spot at £52 5s
and futures at £52 2s (id.
Lead ruled steady but unchanged here at
4%c. London was also unchanged at £11 10s
Spelter etood steady and unchanged at $4 35
here and £17 12s 6d at London. Prices for
iron at New Y6rk were all unchanged with
the tone steady. Plglron warrants were nomi
nal. No. 1 Northern foundry. . $18 50@19 60-
No. 2 Northern foundry, $18@19: No. 1 South
drVsTtfVKT* 1 N °- 1 - S -' h «n «
Glasgow prices remained unchanged
New' York Metal Market.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
with brisk westerly winds,
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday;
possibly light showers: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; fresh
•oathwest wind*; probably light ehowers In the
mountains. ¦ .
The temperature has fallen about 12 degrees
>t Red Bluff and in Southern Oregon. Else
where it has remained nearly stationary except
In Arizona, where there has been a marked
rise.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours- ending mldnlpht, March 21, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy Friday, with
light ebower*: fresh westerly winds.
The pressure has risen elowljr over Oregon
and California and rapidly over Utah and Arl-
Eona. A moderate disturbance overlies Nevada
and Utah and may cause slight showers in Cal
ifornia. Rain has fallen in the northern por
tion of the State.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Offerings of • small! and medium sizes of Na
vel Oranges are : scarce < and in ; demand, but
large sizes are not wanted and stocks are accu
mulating. • Four • cars •' are . announced ¦ for to
day's auction. .. - - . .,. > •
• There was no change 'In Lemons or Bananas
Mexican Limes .are: lower under ¦ liberal sup
plies. ' ' ' ""
Dealers report a steady movement' in Ap
ples especially for the fancy varieties, which
sell readily at full figures. "
APPLES— $2@2 50 per box for extra, $1 25®
1 76 for good to choice and 60c@$l for ordi-
FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c©$l 50
for standard. $1 25@2 for choice and $2 25@2 75
for fancy; extra fancy, $3; Seedlings, $1 23®
1 75; Tangerines, In quarter boxes, 76c@$l and
$1 C0@2 In half boxes; Malta Bloods, $1 25®
1C0 in' half boxes; Lemons. 76c@$l for
common and $1 25® 1 75 for good to choice and
$°02 50 for fancy: Grape Fruit, $2iQ,1: Mexi
can Limes, $4 50®5; Bananas, $1 25©2 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1@2 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3Q4 per qpzen. - ;, ;
Deciduous- and Citrus Fruits.
local markets;
Boston 4S-34 5 Kansas City 58*40
Cincinnati 40-28!Omaha. 56-38
Philadelphia-^...^36-30 Chicago ..... 44-34
Washington 40-30 Duluth 32-30
Jacksonville 54-40 St. Louis ....60-40
New York 32-28 1 Salt Lake City... 50-34
Temperature — 7 a. m., 46 degrees
'.'.' LONDON.'-' March • 20. 1 t-Consol3,'« 03 ,7-16;' sll
.ver,-24'.13'lCd;-.French;rentesV,100f i 62%c; car
goes on 'passage, rather easier ;" cargoes No. 1
Etandafd , Calif ornla,'-" 29s • 3d; . cargoes Walla
, Walla, . 29sV English "iiountry " markets,' quiet.
;•- LIVERPOOL, . ¦ March - : -' 20.— Wheat," : easy;
«:heat "In" qutetT flour in Paris, quiet;
French obuhtry : markets, firm; weather ,ln
cfoTTON-liplands. 4 13-16d.
'Foreign Markets:
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 112 113 4s qr c (new)139U13D%
4s qr reg...lll Hl^'Sa qr coup. .103 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76»4103 Oc SS Co 6s. — 102%
Bay CPC 5s.lO7 — Ombus C 6sl31
Cal-st 5s ...116% — Pac O Im 4s. 95% —
C Costa 6s.. — 111% Pk&C.H fis.107 —
,EdL&P6s.. — •-— Pk&O R 6s.ll7 120
Fer&C H 6s.ll6 — Pwl-st R 6s.ll7
Geary-st 5s.. — — Pac EGR 6s. 05% 97
H C&S 5%s. — — PF A SJV5S.123 124
Do 5s — 99% HIerra Cal6s.l05%110
L Ang R 5s.l20% — B P of A 6s - i
L A L Co «s. — — (1909) ..:. 113 113V.
; Do gtd . . — — (1910) . . . .114% —
Do gtd 5s. — 106% g P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s.lO2 v 104 (1905)Sr.A.109Htl6u
Do 1 cm 5s.lO2% — (1905)Sr B-llOVjllOSi
Mkt-st C Bs.126% — (1906) 112% —
Do lem Bs.119% — (1912) 122U —
N R of C 0s.lll% — BPofC 1st .
Do 5s 12,'Hi m~ c gntd 6s.l20
N Pac C 5s.lO8%lC9ii Do stmpd.lll«4 _
N Cal R 6s.ll2% — BP Br CalOs.HO —
Oak Gas 6s.ll2%114 . S V Wat 6s. — 111%
Oak Trn 6s.l23 123% Do 4s 102% —
" Do 1st c5s. — 112% Do4s 3dm.lO2 —
Oak W O 5s. — ? 103V» Ftkn G&E6S.102 104
WATER. STOCKS.
Contra Costa— 77% /Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marln Co ... CO — /Spring Val.. 90 91%
. GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2%—' Pac Light. .. 45 —
Kqt G L Co. 3& 3% Sac E G&RS 25* 31
Mutual — 5 S F G A E. . 44 45
OGL&H..56 67% S F G L Co. 6V4 6%
Pac G Imp..- 36 3C% Btktn G & E. 8 —
T INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 280 / ;
¦'_-..• '.."•; BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .. 89<!4 00% L P & A 165 170
California ..422% — Mer Ex (llq) 18%
Cal Safe Dp. 117 %, — 8 F Nationl.137% — .
first Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS. ' '
German ...1000 — Sav & Loan. — 100
Humboldt • . . — — . llecurity Sav.325 350
Mutual Sav.. 79 — Union Trust; — 2200
STREET RAILROADS."
California .. — 175 Market " 100 —
Geary — — '¦ • Presidio .... — 40
POWDER.
Giant ....... 80. 80% Vlgorlt .....— 4
SUGAR.
Hana ....... 3% 3%KIlauea .... 9 9Vi
Hawaiian ... -*•.•' — Makawell ., 23 24%
Hcnokaa ... 10 . 11% Onomea .... 23 24
Hutchinson . 11% 12% ; Paauhau ... 11 12ft
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.160%161 Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 07% 100 Pac C . Borx.l6o —
Cal Wine As. " — 100 Par Paint... 18 ¦
Oceanic S Co 35% 38% ;*¦';•
Morning Session. ; .
. Board — . • . ,
. 40 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 50
• 50 Giant Powder Con 80 00
-15 Oceanic SS Co 33 00
5 Oceanic S S Co .:.;............. 36 25
6 Spring Valley Water 91 60
$6000 Oakland Transit . Co 6 per cent.123 12%
' Afternoon" Session. ¦
.. Board — : . •¦¦.',
10 Alaska Packers" Assn ...........160 50
15 Alaska Packers' Assn ............ 160 75
$6000 Oakland Transit \ Co 6 per cent.123 12%
$2000 S P of Arizona '¦¦ (1909) ......113 00
-PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE-
THURSDAY. March 20—2 p. m.
EGGS — Ranch;- 16c for selected large and 14 Vi
@15%c -jtorj goo*, to choice;- store.*: 13&©14%c
per dozen. :.'¦: ,%.t , ' . ' . ¦ ' . ' , : ' . ¦ V . A ¦
CHEESE— New, 9%@10i/5c;- old, 9@llc;
Young America,' S@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per
pOUnd,-. .•.",..'•*•¦'.¦,"'.-¦.:.¦„,.". ' :
. BUTTER^-Creamery.'.'24@25c -per pound for
fancy,' 23@23%c for firsts and 21@22%c for sec
onds; dairy, 19® 22c; store Butter,- 10@18c per
pound.' '.¦••¦' ¦¦.•:.:.;'!¦•'!- - .'.•'"...»_•_..¦
¦•Receipts were 54,300 pounds. -2 barrels and 8
tubs . of Butter,-> 1970 ; case's of \> Eggs,. -19,600
pounds , of California : Cheese, •; 1900 . pounds of
Oregon ' Cheese • and pounds of' Eastern
Cheese. ' '¦• .' ' . -"' -' '¦»': ' . ". •
¦^Butter and Cheese remain as before quoted,
being -weak - with -liberal ' supplies, large re
ceipts and a slow demand.' .c-. -> ¦ ¦ . ¦
..The steadiness in Eggs, ; mentioned yesterday,
proved , transitory, 'and the ' market was easier
again,', with : a' slow, demand and a tendency in
stocks to accumulate." The -Exchange reduced
its quotations, to 14@15q for/ ranch and 13%®
14c for store. Some buyers continue > to pay
more in the country than the Eggs will bring
here, . and are placing them .Into cold storage.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
' TACOMA;^ March 20.— WHEAT-^-Quiet arid
nominally unchanged. •¦ Blue. - etem, ' (JCc; ' club,
65c..:.v ¦' .-. ¦ > ,;.-^ l,:l':':' : V' :j ¦'•¦¦<:; '
WASHINGTON
- PORTLAND, - March - . 2O.r-r"W ; HE AT— Walla
Walla, 64@C4yic; blue stem, C5@CCc; valley, .65
065%c. - * >* - * ' - ' • 1~ ¦ « ' : ' * ' ," '¦
The total shipments cif ."wheat," flour "Included,
from, this.*: port _ for .the", week .ending -to-day,
were 295.134 bushels. . > .... ; -'....;-'- ; '¦¦; ' •••
¦ Cleared— Brithish .bark, Earl Cadogan. : East
London, with 23,953. barrels-, of, flour.,;:' -. . ¦
OREGON.
Northern. Wheat rMarketj
' Considering the dullness of the market yes
terday morning there was considerable fluctua
tion. Alaska Packers -was firm at $160 50, and
Spring Valley Water weak at $91 50. Oceanic
was lower at $36®36 25 and Giant Powder weak
*t $80. The oil stocks were as usual.-.
¦There was 'nothing new In the afternoon.'
' ' California Fruit CanneVs was ex-dividend of
60c, or $17,100, yesterday. Home Oil was ex
dividend of 7%c, or $7500. - - ; : i '-'¦ >
: . Spring Valley Water will pay no dividend
this month. '
TACOMA.- March. '20.— Clearings.' ifl71,594;
PORTLAND, March 20. -^Clearings, $302,181;
balances;' $120,397. ."¦:.:;: : .' ." '.: " •-;--- j
SPOKANE, March; 2O.^qiearlngs, i -$223,876;
balances." ?32,'542.. -.:.. V ,.:i"_ . :z:'^.. *„_- ;
Northern Business.
THURSDAY. March 20.
Juliet J. Mezes to Edward - and Theodore
Lunstedt. lot on W line of Larkin street,
102:8Vi N of Jackson, N 25 by W 125; $10.
Percy and Emilie S. Beamish to Henry E.
Bothln. lot on SE corner of Francisco street
and Van Ness avenue, -S 37:6 by E 98; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to S. and
H. Lachman Estate (a corporation), lot on SK
corner of Pacific and< Van - Ness avenues, S
27:8 by E 100; $ . -
Henrietta I. Selby (widow) to Catherine
Classen, lot on S line of Pacific avenue. 171:10
E of Octavla. E 0:0}$ by S 127:8 ft; $1.-
Catherine Classen to Julian Thome, lot on
S line of Pacific avenue. 137:6 E of Octavla.
E 34:4% by S 127:814; *10. .
-..William F. Fitzgerald to Henrietta Schlft
(widow), lot on N line of California street.
105 E of Webster, E 27:6 by N 132:6, quit
claim deed; ?l.
Julia A. Pullen (wife of C. J.) to Thomas E.
Shumate, lot oh E line of Devlsadero street,
t"2:6 S of Bush. S 25 by E 100; $10.
Elizabeth G. Baldwin (widow) to Marion A.
Herold (wife of Oscar), lot on N line of Fil
bert street. 102 :ft W of Scott. W 27:6 by N
103; $10.
William Haas tc- David I* Farnsworth. lot
on N line of Frederick street, 28 E of Willard.
E 100, N 81:11%. W 100:5, S 91; |10.
James H. Bennett and Harry W. Goodalt
(Bennett & Goodall. co-partners), Sarah F.
Bennett and Alice, M. Goodall to Bennett &
Goodall (a corporation, lot on S line of Sac
ramento street, 137:6 W of Locust, W 35 by
S 132:7%; $10.
John W. and Mary^fc. McDevltt to Mary E.
McDevitt, lot on N line of Fifteenth street,
72 W of ShotwelI..W 24 by N 74; also all In
terest in estate of John Green, No. 23,073; $10.
1 George D. Blood to Dorothy Whelan (single),
lot on W line of Noe street, 30 N of Seven
teenth. N-50. "W 95, S 80. E 5. N 30. E 00; $10.
- Isaac Jessup. E. H. (or E. N.) Cowing. Mary
G. (or -Mary E.) Cowing, Albert M. Johnson
(aa trustee of Joseph and Evelyn Cowing).
R. B. Armstrong (trustee California Safe De
posit Trust Company, J. J. Rauer (by Cal V.
Moran. commissioner) to George S. Crim, lot
on N line of Twenty-fourth street. 125 E of
Church, N 114. E 25, S 80. E 22, S 25. W 47;
$2500.
E. P. and Marie S. Murphy to J. A. Cooper,
lot on W line of Pike street (or "Waverly place;,
36:8- S of Washington, S 32:6 by W 60; $10.
H. F. Scheer to Samuel Schweitzer, lot on
S line of Stockton place, 113:10 W of Dupont
¦treet. W 1:6 by S 5J; $ 1
Mary McQuarrle to Carrie E. Sheehan, lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 273 W of Mason,
E 27:6 by N 137 :«; gift.
Mary J. Dowdall (wife of William P.).
Raima J. Coret. Delia Treacy (wife- of T. E.).
Agnes Roser, Fannie H. Patton (wife of
Charles !¦., formerly Fannie H. . Edmondson)
to John and A. Henry Kunst, lot on S corner
of Chesley and Boyd streets, alao distant 215
SE of Harrison. SE 40 by SW 60; $10.
Henry and Pauline Northrup to Mary Smith
(wife Of Frank), lot on NW line of Tehama
street. 105 NE of Ninth. NE 25 by NW75; $10.
George G. and Mary A. Svensson to OswaM
Nltsche, lot on E line of San Bruno avenua
(Nebraska street), 60 3 of Nineteenth street.
S 25 by E 100; $10. .
Milton S. and Lena Eisner to John P. S.
Johnson, lot on N line of Army street. 100 K
of Harrison. E 60 by N 100, P V lands; $5.
Same to Hulda C. Johnson (wife of John P.
S.), lot on E line of Harrison street. 125 N
of Army. E 100, S 25. E 50. thence right angles
N to Serpentine avenue, W to Harrison street,
S 50. P V lands; $5.
John P. ' S. Johnson to same, lot on 77 Una of
Army street. 100 E of Harrison, E 50 by X
100; also lot on E line of Harrison street, 125
N of Army, E 100, S 25, E 50. N to Serpentine.
W to Harrison, S 50, Preclta Valley lands;
gift
Ernestine and Benolt Pasquale to Oscar Hey
man, lots 36 and 37. block 8, Tract A, People's
Homestead Association: $10.
. Joseph and Mary Staldtr to J. Frank Walters
and Anna D. Joost. lot on W corner of Twen
ty-first avenue and K street. NW 75 by SW
200. lots 1 and 16. block 422. South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
Bernard Smith or Schmidt to John W. Horn,
lot on SW corner of St. Mary's avenue ' and
Marsily street. NW 81. SW 125, SE 64, N. 127,
lots 1 to 3, block 2, De Boom Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
- A. Aronson and Louis Metzger (owners) with
F. H. Masow (contractor), architect Sylvian
Schnalttacher — Carpenter and mill work for a
five-story . brick and frame hotel building on
NE corner of Sutter and Gough streets, 70 on
Sutter by 120; $17,892.
Charles A. Zinkand (owner) with Electrical
Engineering Company (contractors), architects
Salfleld & Kohlberg — Elevator and dumb waiter
work for a four-story and basement frame
building on'N line of Pacific avenue. 58 E of
Franklin street. E 63:6, N 100. E 47:6.— 32.
W 29:6, S 4:3%, W 81:6. S 127:8%: $2000.
• Same owner with William F. Wilson Com
pany (contractors), architects same — Hot water
heating plant for same on N line of Paciflo
avenue. 66 E of Franklin street, E 63:8 by
N 127:8%: $1567.
Hattie . S. Robertson (owner) with Michael
Loftus (contractor) architect M. J. Welsh — All
work except plumbing, gasflttlng, sewerage,
mantels, shades and gas fixtures, water and;
gas connections for a three-story frame build-
Ing. (3 flats) on SW line of Hawthorne street.
156 NW of Harrison. NW 25 by SW 112:6;
$39S0. •
William Bacome (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors),- architect W. H.
Armltage — Grading, brick and carpenter work,
plastering and tinning for a two-story and
basement frame building (2 flats) on NW line
of Clementina street, 250 NE of Fourth. NE
25 by NW 80; $3350.
- «- ,
Kills a Colored Cook.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. March 20.— "Jim"
Williams, a colored cook, was shot and
killed here this afternoon by J. R. Minor,
an architect. Minor's sister. Mrs. B.
Lynn, keeps a boarding-house, In " which
Williams was employed as dishwasher.
Some time ago, when Mrs. Lynn had
occasion to reprimand "Williams, he be
came very abusive. Minor Interfered In
his sister's behalf, which enraged the col
ored man and he made threats against
the architect. Williams again abused
Mrs. Lynn and • Minor interfered. Wil
liams attacked him with a hatchet. Minor
emptied the six chambers of his revolver,
four bullet3 taking effect, . and William*
fell dead. A Coroner's jury exonerated
Minor. -
' : ¦ m ¦
Health Officers Make a Bald.
. DAWSON (via Seattle). March 20.— A
great sensation was created to-day by tho
health officers' raiding Preston's cold stor
age plant. and destroying 150 carcasses : off
mutton and a quantity of poultry. Stago
fares to White Horse have been advanced
{50, to go into effect on Monday.
HEAL! ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
New York' Cotton Market;
- NEW YORK, March 20.— COTTON-^lOsed
net vnchanged-to 5 points lower. .... 7 . „.. V . "
.". GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and fl for Brush ;. Gray Geese $2 60@3;
White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant. $1@2 osr dozen;
Honkers. $3@4; English Snipe, J3@3 50; Jack
Snipe,- $1 50@2. ¦',."-
POULTRY— Live : Turkeys. 13014c for Gob
blerr.-and 15©I6cfdr Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 50@l 75; - Goslings. . $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5
@5 50 for old and $7@S for young: Hens. $4 CO
$tt; young; Roosters.^ $C@7 50; old Roosters,
$4 25@4 50; Fryers, -$5@5 60;- Broilers, . $4 50
@5 for large and $3@3 50 . for small ; Pigeons,
$1 ¦ 50 ¦ per dozen for old • and $2 75@3 - for
Squabs. - . •
Game -continues dull > and : unchanged. . Thir
ty-nine sacks dame In.- .- -
Receipts of California Poultry were about 50
coops and the. demand was steady.' Hens, large
broilers and young Roosters were a shade firm
er and the market cleaned up well. No Eastern
came, in. ; ' ¦ . i ¦ :. .
Poultry and Game.
Flour, qr sks... 2,610|Hay. tons 415
Wheat, ctls .... 6,700 Wool, sks 2Xi
Barley, ctls .... 3,230 Quicksilver, flsk 1 15
Oats, ctls' 0S3 Pelts, bdls ..... 340
Beans, sks . 520 Hides, bdls ....' 224
Potatoes, sks .. 2.S«{ Leather, rolls... • 1«1
• Onions. #ks .... 300 "Wine, prals 60,800
Bran, sks 650 Lime, bbls .... 271
Middlings, sks.., • ISO Sugar, ctls k ... 4,8€0
OREGON.
Oats, ct!s ...... 800
FOR THURSDAY. MARCH 20.
Receipts of Produce.
% LONDON, March; 20. -^-The. • offerings ¦ at - the
wool • auction sales.. to'rday'r numbered;. 13,323
bales'" BQslness was -better-' and 'Americans
showed ' more interest?' • The ' home - trade com
peted freely with -France "and: Germany- for
coarse crpssbreds at an advance of .7%@10.per
cent.- ' ; . ' .' ¦"' .'.',-¦*.¦ •''",'¦•¦' ; -'.~ !
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORKL March 20.r-Tfrs. movement In
evaporated apples was j mostly 'for- jobbing ¦ ac
count and' full, prices, were obtained in -best
grades,: which ! are ; firm.- ~- Under qualities were
steady but quiet. State," common -¦ to good ~@
8%c; prime. 9®9%c; choice, ¦ 9%@10c; fancy.
10«A@llc. . . ..-,"¦ ;..-,-.,.v ; ,
The market for prunes continues strong on
large sizes and steady with . moderate jobbing
interest : on,. small.: .Prices -. were : about • un
changed. Peaches and apricots were fairly ac
tive and' steady, to; firm. .• • "
PRUNES— r3%@7c.
APRICOTS — Royal.* 10@14c; Moorpark,' 11%
©12%c. -. . .
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled S@10c
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK." March 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20,876 barrels.;"expqrts. 20,789 barrels.' Less ac
tive and easier, closing steadier with wheat.
Winter . straights,'.' $3 75®3 85; winter' extras, •
|3 10@3" 30; winter Mow ; grades, ,$2.90@3. 10-
Minnesota • patents, $3 '75@3 90; Minnesota; baf
kers, $2 05®3 25. . . . ; 1/.. : r;., |j
WHEAT— Receipts. 82, 650 ' bushels';; exports,
25C.270 bushels; sales, 3,470,000 bushels jg fu
tures,"; 400, 000 bushels spot. Spot, steady;. No.
2 red, 86c elevator; No. 2 red, SSc f. o b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. o. b.,
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 83c f..p. b. afloat.
Under predictions of more rain In the Souths
west .wheat sustained a violent decline to-day,
¦reaching numerous stop-loss selling orders from
80c down. The decline. was finally chocked by
news of a bigr export • trade, and covering ral
lied prices in the last hour, the market closing
firm at unchanged, prices. March' closed 79%c;
May, 79 5-16@S0c, closed 80c; July. 79%@80%c
closed 80%c; September, -. 79^@79»ic, closed
79%c.: ....... . . -.. . . .
Under violent liquidation wheat prices broke
to 7974c for, May to-day, catching the heaviest
exf-ort trade In months, Upward of 139 . loads,
or 1,112,000 bushels, were. taken by exporters,
including forty-nine loads at' New York, fortj •
three loads at out-ports and .forty-seven loads
at Chicago for direct shipment. An-encour
aging feature of the business was the engage^
ment in New York of sixty loads ocean~freight
room, nearly all of it being for the Continent.
WOOL— Ftrnr V • ;
HIDES— Steady. :...... ;,
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. '7 lnvoic«v
5 ll-16c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8@12c.- Futures
market closed quiet; '5(810 'points • lower; ; havf
ing eased off -fete under- realizing by tlrei
longs. Total sales were 13,500 bags'. ¦Including;
May, 5.35c;- June, 5.45c; July, '5.55c; August;
6.65c;. September. 5.70®5.75c; '.October; 1 ' S.SOc;
November,- 5.85c. - ' ¦¦.••,
SUGAR-"Firm; fair refinmg; 2'll-16c; ten
trifusal. 96 test. 3 7-iec,- molasses • KUgan
2 ll-16c Refine^, steady. - ' «.
THURSDAY. March 20 — * p. m.
Bld.Ask. . :*" BId.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice OS 10
Alta 04 00 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 04 C.% Lady Wash .. — . 0*
Belcher ...... 06 07 Mexican ..... 32 34
Best & Belch. 2« 27 Occidental ... 07 "CO
Bullion 02 ' 03 Ophlr 1)6 07
Caledonia ... 4S 30 Overman- .... 08 10
Challenge ..... IS 20 Potosl ....... 14 ' IS
Chollar ...... 11 12 Savage 05 O«
Confidence ... C5 70 Scorpion — ' O*
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 SO Seg Belcher.. 02 . <U
Con Imperial.- — 01 Sierra Nev... 23 24
Con New Tk. 02 03| Silver Hill...' 58 - «0
Crown Point.. 05 C6 St Louis .... 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... — W
Exchequer ... «1 02 Union Con... 2S 27
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Utah 06 07
Hale & Noro.. 30 SI Yellow Jacket 13 . 19
Julia — 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WASHINGTON." March 20^>T6-day> ! "state
ment of the-. Treasury balances of the general
fund, exclusive. of the"$150,000,000 gold reserve
in ¦ the division of redemption, " shows : Avail
able cash balance, $175,989,075; gold," $90,145,,
"4*3. * . * • ' ' - ¦ . 1 # *¦ - * , „¦
Condition of. the treasury.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March 20—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
C&te, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ,. 0.26 42.80 ' » 40.17
lied Bluff 0.36 27.49 ' 22.17
Sacramento '. 0.00 15.31 17.18
Ban Francisco T. 16.67 18.79
Fresno O.OO 5.88 10.28
Independence 0.00 4.05 6.61
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 18.78 27.62
Los Angeles O.OO 8.89 14.10
San Diego 0.00 • 4.93 8.60
San Francisco data Maximum temperature,
55; minimum. 45; mean. SO.
THE COAST RECORD.
The London Grocer** Gazette of March 1
Bays of the falmon trade: "The demand Is
ete&diljr maintained and an Increased consump
tion is looked for.. Prices continue firm all
round. In Liverpool Alaska' salmon has ad
vanced somewhat, and 17s 3d to 17s Cd are the
ruling prices. Canned fruits are quiet, but
there are Indications of more business."
Fruits and Salmon in London. I
Chl Term & Tran. SOO 1S% 18H 18
Slrstth 80^ 6^ 10 -Z & gj"- fil
Colo South 2d pfd, 3,800 43M • 42^ 42%
EeS I g G^f "• 10 ° «« «% *f%
ililfiifili
Hocking Valley.... 500 71 ii 70
ES&a-!-;; -i M »f M
it E & M estem pfd ? 132
M.'i2 £ Na fhvil!e. 14,000 105^' 164" 1051J
tew^ 41 '' 9 ' 400 135^ 133% 13 4U
Mexican Central.... 1.400 29«i 29^4 23V
20^ ' n$
Minn & st Louis.. loo HOW lloCi 110
Ontario i& Western 1. 166 33" 32% 32%
1SSS ist-pfd": 5-S8 l? % S88 5 £
R^n/ 2d ?fd.:: loiioo 68% eel ™%
ItL & & S S F n ls ?^ a -*«» • «« >4-g5
llhAifi^^ ¦«* ¦ ¦¦«« 1«
it plu 1 ! 8 sw pM - : ,«-S2 ¦¦»*¦ »H '«
it pauipVd-:-:- 19 - 1900 165% 1W «- JS
Southern Paclflc... 7.400 65% .65"" 65
Southern Ry i t »oo 82 2 %
I?¥* r a^ flc -' 1.100- 40% 40^ 40*J
Tol St L & W 400 2°«2 ' v* ¦ ¦ *>\v
Lnlon Pacific...... 8,100 100 09% 9o|*
Lnion Pacific pfd.. 600 87V, 87 87
S. a^ as }j •" 1.100 24% 24 23«
Wabash pfd qoo 4184 2* la
Adams 100
American \ 535
wen^F!^ 8 ;;— *»;»<>'' .™" j« <,
Miscellaneou.-— ""* •"• V s .
Amalpaniat Copper. 41.600 C4V t 62% C*
Am Locomotive.... 1.500 32 31% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd 800 93% 93 & 93%
Am S & Ret pfd... /200 99 99 9S%
Anacor-fia Mln Co.. 2,400 31 23% 30U
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 21.400 68 CCtt 07%
Colo Fuel & Iron .46,700 107 102 KB?
Consclldated Gas... .2.400 224^ 223 223%
Cent Tobacco pfd.. 1.400 -121 U. 120 1192
General Electric... l.«00 Slftil SU 317
Hocking Coal 5.0CC 18i4 17 is
Internetnl Paper. .« 2.600. 23?i . 23 >- 23tt.
Internl Paper pfd.. 300 7C% " 70% 76 14
Intemetnl Power.. 2,C0t; 03^4 90% 94U
Laclede Gas •¦' '* $n
National Biscuit. ..1,500 63 k 61X4 51%
5ffiSS*S3&:^feS ?? »& ¦»*
National Salt pfd * " " C2
Stt::: 7 : 700 uoii "«" l \l
Paclflc Mail 1.600 45^4 4i% 44-
People's Gas 14,200 * 103 Ji 101% . 102«
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 40^ 40 40%
Pressed S Car pfd. .. lijl
Pullman Pal Car.. ¦ 100 237% 237% »16
Republic Steel .... 2,200 18% ISU 13%
Republic Steel pfd. . 800 74»J 742 741?
Sugar ; 41.800 131% 128% lilS
Tenn Ccal & Iron.. 2«. 400 71% 70% 7l2
Union Pag & P Co. 2,500 17% 15% 10U
Union B&P Co pfd. ..... ... T * 70^
U S Leather 1.R00 11% liii iiu
U S Leather pfd... 700 81% 8l3 81
V S Rubber 200 15% J5% 10%
U S Rubber pfd... 400 r.S 87 67^
USFteel.... fl,600 42% 42% 4*»i
U S Steel pfd 8.400 95 04% 94%
Wertern Union .... 900 90% ~ 90% 90
NEW YORK. March 20.— Money on call, 3@
4 per cent; close, bid and ask, 3}£@4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual-busi
ness In bankers' bills, at" $4 87% ,for demand
and at $4 85 for sixty- days. ... ' . . .
Posted rates, $4 8C@4 -8S^. . -- . , '. .: '¦
Commercial J>Uls,M4 84%®* 85%. . ¦ •-.'
Bar sliver. ¦63%c?:''-"O'^ : ¦ ' :
Mexican dollars, 43%c. •'••- • . . .»• '
¦ Government bonds, State bonds,
steady; railroad bonds/ Irregular. - • r
Neiv York Money Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows : ' ' . ,
BEEF— 6%@7%c for Steers and 6@7o per lb
for Cows.
¦VEAL— Large, 8@8%c; small. 8%®10o per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes. 8@9c
per pound.
LAMB-^- Yearlings. 10@llc : per Ibi Spring
Lamb. 12%@14c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hoes. 7<£@0c per lb.
s LIVESTOCK MARKET. -
The following quotations are fdr good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8V4@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
CALVES— 4^©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%©4c per
lb (eross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling- Lambs. . $2 50@2 75 ' pet
head or 5%if?6c per lb Uveweisht; yearlings.
4^(ffi5c per lb.
•HOGS— live Hogs.. 200 lbs and under. 6«c:
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c: feeders 5%c; sows,
20 per cent off; boars. . 50 per cent off. and
stags, 40 per cent off from . the above quota
tions. ¦
DRESSED MEATS,
Hogs have advanced a fraction, owing to
Hghjt receipts.' The other descriptions remain
unchanged, ¦r'
San Francisco Meat Market.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., *• March 2O.-^-CATTLE — Re^
celpts 1300. ' : Steady. - ' Natives, " $&,75@6 90 ;
cows . and ielf ers. • $1 50@5' 75 ; " veals. " $3 , 50@6 :
stockers _ and: -.feeders. $2. 2505 1 25. ."1 :v : -'. ¦'.
x HOGS— Receipts, 79Q0;. 5@10c Mower: *Llgnt
and light mfxed.' $5 85@6. 25; "medium' 'and
heavy-$6 20#6 50;-pigs,'$3 85@5 15..' - .';_ ;
m SHEEP — Recerpts, 1 3500.. .Steady. to 10c highr
er. 'Western' Jambs,- ¦ $5 85@0,G5;. Western
sheep, $4 25@5 85. : ; ¦¦'¦-. ¦¦,;¦¦ - . . ; J\ ..:. y. .¦¦.•-¦
ST. JOSEPH,
j 5 SHEEP-f;R*celpts, 15, 00O.~ Sheep and lambs;
steady to iOc higher. '"Good 1 '' to choice wethers,
$5@5 CO; fair to choice mixed, J4 4Q@5; West
ern sheep, ;*4 75<g)6;-- native Jambs,- $4®6 60;
Western lambs. , $5 ' 25@6 90. . .' . -• ¦ .- ',, - .. . ' 1 :
CHICAGO, .March ..20.-^-0 ATTLE-^-Recelpts,
20,000, inciuUing six "pars.; Teians."'^- Heavy;
steady; others,, strong" to 10c higher,. ¦> Good "to
prime steers; $6 75@7 10; poor to medium,- $4 2$
@6 50;'' stockers and.-. feeders,'' $2 50@5; cows,
$1 25@5 50; heifers. '$2 50<g;6;- .cann'ers,': $1 25@
2 4(J? bulls, $2 50@5; :- calves, $3@6. 85 ;/ : Texa»
fed sheers, '?5@6. .,<:-, X-}J\ . "VV^ : ""--:-. .•' '¦¦ "¦
/» HOGS— Receipts , to-day, ; 37,000; .to-morrow.
30,000;left over, 5000.; Bulk, sold 5@10c. lower;
mlxed"and. butchers.', $6 10@6 50; good to choice
heavy.. $6 40@6' 55;.; rough, hfeavy;"$6 iO'@6 v 35;
light, $5 9O@6 30;". bulk, of sales',;' $6. 15(Si8'3S."' t
CHICAGO
Eastern f Livestock : . Market;
LIVERPOOL. ,;.,.,•-;..;'
•Wheat — ' March.'- \" • liay.- ••-'> July.;
Opening ...::....: 8^ r'.~' -.«¦•%.' : v ;b ll'/S
Closing ;.;........ c i« ¦.^/rc^.?;;,' .5'i^|
Wheat— ' ' ¦ • •¦ -March.' '"May- Augi
Opening . .' 21, 65 . ¦ -; 22 ,45 ; •
Closing :......:.. 21-75 r ':22;50 if
¦ Flour^ — ' '.v. •, ¦.• .'. : •; r: •;-¦:_.-,-••>. -^f'
Opening,...'. ;......;. .26 50 , -....27.65 \
Closing „' 2ft .75 ". ,27.60.:
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet. •
Silver and Exchange as before quoted.
Wheat futures firmer again. Barle$ somewhat steadier.
Rather more local demand for Oats. Corn and Rye quiet./
Cornmeal and Cracked Corn lower.
Bran and Middlings unchanged. Hay weak.
Beans and Seeds show little change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak and plentiful.
Dried Fruits as before quoted.
Hams, Bacon and Lard show more steadiness.
Slight advance in live Hogs.
Poultry in good demand and firm. ' .'/ ' "
Oranges quiet. Limes lower under fresh arrivals. ..
Potatoes and Onions firm and Asparagus higher."
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The stock market was slack and Irregular
to-day, - ; the settlement beglnlng to-morrow
having a tendency to restrict fresh ventures.
Kainrs were cheerful i early on reassuring re
ports about the condition of Cecil Rhodes.
Later there was a "relapse In these shares, on
the report that Mr. Rhodes was dead,, mali
ciously circulated to assist options maturing
to-morrow. There was a final rally in the ab
f? nc *, of a. confirmation of the report -and on
the discovery of the healthy state of the spec
ulative .account. Investment shares . were
neavy on 1 selling by the Continent- of consols
ana foreign bonds In order to provide funds for
tne Impending new Russian 4 per cent loan of
182.000.000 rubles in Berlin.
¦ Consols were 3-16 down to 93 7-16. Copper
shares were flat. Copper broke % to 52 \L, the
ton and Rio Tintos were % down to 44%. •- '
- American stocks began grood. with Atchlson
spurting steadily. The rest of the list was fea
tureless till the close. "In the street there was
Iwsty bidding for. Southern Railway and Louis
ville and Nashville.
NEW YORK, March 20.— The : Commercial
Advertiser's London financial telegram says:
London Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
¦ VEGETABLES. — "Asparagus; extra '. fancy,
16@18c. per. lb.M2^@15c for No..l and;7@10c
for NOi.2; Rhubarb, $t@2 per box;. Green Peas,
frpm .Los. Angeles,-> 2 &@4c; Bay. Peas, 3«ii5c;
String. Beans, -from. Los- Angeles, — ! — ,- Includ
ing .Wax; >Cabbage.-40c per ctl; JjOS Angeles
Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box and 75c@$l 50
per.crate;- Mexican -Tomatoes, : -75c®$l 25 per
box, .including repacked; Dried' Peppers, 100
lie. perlb;-Los Angeles - do,- 13@17»4c; Dried
Okra,', 12%@20c--- per lb; : Carrots, 35@50c per
sack; Hothouse, Cucumbers," -75c@$l 50 per
dozen; . Garlic, l%!i?2}4c; • Los -Angeles Green
Peppers. v.15@20c;. Mexican do\- '-10@12 1 /&c:'' Egg
Plant from Los Angeles, '25c; Summer Squash
from Los Angeles; $1 50@2; Marrowfat Squash;
$10@15 -per ton; .Hubbard Squash, $10@15;
Mushrooms, nominal. - - >
ONIONS— Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 75.@2 for- lower grades; Nevada, $2 30^)
2 35: Australian,". $3 25®3 75; Green Onions,
eo@75c per box. - ¦¦••.-. '
' POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@4c per lb; old,
$1 25®1 40 ldr Burbanks from the river; Ore
gon M Burbanks, ,'$1 3. r >f«)l 75; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 25@1 40; River Reds. $1 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 50®l 65;,small Bur
banks,' for seed, $1 20@l 40; Sweets, $1 50@
1 60 for Merceds.
-^Receipts. -.were- 202; boxes Asparagus, 438 do
Rhubarb- and vl54-c sacks Bay Peas: ¦ Receipts
from LoaAntrplea werodO sacks 'and 47 boxes.
-Asparagus -was higher.: as receipts were light
and ' the -deriland" for. shipping 'and* local use
continued 5 steady. -Rhubarb continues to bring
good; prices. ' but 'Peas are 'steadily' declining.
A large quantity of Peas are. arriving, in poor
condition. — Tbe--market - Is -overstocked with
Tomatoes. ..and : this -^Vegetable is .weak. ¦ Other
Vegetables from Lbs Angeles continue to bring
good" prices, "i- l .-.•¦ -,>'. .. ' _ ¦. -.-. . .
.'•One car?of-0nlons came-in from 'Nevada and
was rflrmly; held -at the 'quotations. Fancy
Oregons are. hard _ to -obtain, ••'¦ but the market
is liberally supplied ; with grades. <;.
• Oregon Burbanks are quoted firm and the
steamer. Is due to-day with about . 10.000 sacks.
Strictly v choice ' stock Is scarce and. commands
the" usual "premium ¦ over the quoted ' price.
Seed ;( Pota toes . remain, as ' before quoted, with
the -.market fairly; active.; New' Potatoes are
weak at « lower '• prices. Y Sweets are doing bet
ter;;, :•":¦;< ":.'-V:- ''• ; :^ ;r :'-*"' •; / ' '' .
Potatoes, ; On ions, and Vegetables.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustaid,' $2 50@2 C5; Yet
low Mustard, $3 2533 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Ganary. 3 J /.c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.'
10%fg;ilc; .California. 10@10%c: Rape.. 1%0
2Wc: Hemp. S^c per lb.
DRIED PEAS-^Nlles. $1 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2 ;; Blackeye, nominal. ' ," ."¦ : i
BEANS— Bayca, $2 40@2 00; Small .White.
$2 76@.J; Laree White. ?2 40@2 7. r »; Pea. $3 50
@4; Pink. $2®2 20; * Red, *2 25g:2 50: Black
eye, $4 25; Limas. $4 40@4 65; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 ¦¦per" ctl.- '.' -
•Blackeye. Beans continue, to advance. They
are- very' scarce. '_ Otherwise there . Is nothing
new, .colored' being Urm and white weak.
Beans! and Seedsi
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlnst Com
pany, quotes aa follows. : ner pound. In 100-Ib
bacs: Cubes. -A Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated . Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.23;;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Masrnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.75c: Golden C. 3.C5c: "D."
3.55c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes. 50c- more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for a'.!
kinds. -Domtnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c: boxra
6c oer.lb. No order taken formless than 75
barrels or lt« eaulvalent.
COAL. OILrr- Water White Coal OH. fn bulk,
13i/4c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c: Astral. 20c;
Star, 2Cc: Extra Star, 24c; Klalne, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline.- In bulk. 15c: In
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c; in cases,
20%c; fc6-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
casae. 2C^c.
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon in cases and
64c in drums and Iron barrels.
• OIL — California Castor OH. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
'76c ; raw, 74c : : cases. 5c more : . Lucol. 66c for
boiled. and G4c- for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 00c;
China -Nut, '57%@68e per gallon;' pure Neats
foot,, in barrels,- 70c: cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
C5c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish OH. barrels, 42%c: cases, 47%s;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, G3%c for Ceylon and
5S%c for Australian..-"
Wellington. $9; Seattle.' $6 80: Bryant. $6 60;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; "Wallsend, $S 50;
Co-operative "VVallsend $8 50; Cumberland. $12
In bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, -•; - — -;t Welsh Anthracite, $14:
Cannel, $11 per. ton; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand;- ¦ - .-• . ...
white. /44%@47c; 'No'. ; '3' white. *4a@45c; "No'.' 2
rye.;'. 66% c; fair, to choice -maltiriir-barley.' MTB
C4c; No. : l.flaxseed. $1:68; No.-l' North westorn..
: 51 • 72 ;¦ prime t timothy, seed. -fG 50; mesa-pork,
per ¦¦ 100 pounds, :• $15 35@15 .40 ; k lard, - : per v 1 00
pounds. $9 35@9 37%; short ribs sides (loose).
$8 40@3 55; dry salted "shoulders (boxed). IV,
@7%c; short* clear sides • (boxed), .' $8 00^9;'
whisky, basis of high wines. $1-30; clover, con
tract grade. $8 75.. . ¦ ; ¦¦¦ .--".',¦¦;.
- Articles — ¦" "> i Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 28,000 18.000
"Wheat bushels r.. 71.000 H4.000
| Corn,- bushels . .... ........ 85,000 (53,000
Oats, bushels ..............74,000 . . '149.000
Rye.- bushels /.... .'...':.'. ......... .' .... ...
Barley, .'bushels ..' .'..:. 29.000*--^ 65,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day. thje Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 20©25c:-Dai
ries. 10@25c. Cheese. .firm. ,ll\4@12%c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 14V4@15c ' . ~< ¦-- ...;
11 50; Oat,'$S@ll;.'Alfalfa,$S@ll: Clover, $7@
0; Volunteer, $(5 5Q@9; ¦ Stock, $G@8' 50 per ton.
.; STRAW— 4C@63c per. bale. v ' i -. - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO C^LL^ FRIDAY, 21, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and- Produce.!
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
7 - Cash -quotations were aa follows:
' Flour, -fiasy:' No. -3 spring, wheat; 7©%e; > No:
2 red, S0%©82c; No., 2 oats, : 43%c; ¦.> No. ¦ 2
11
STATIONS.
• 3 eg 3 3 oZ
? E 3 3 :°
i ? ? !"
5 *o
If- I
• o
'\
Astoria.
Baker ,
Carson
Eureka
Fresno. ......
Flagstaff
Poeatello, Ids
Independence
L«cs Angeles.
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ko8eburg....
Pacramento . .
Salt Lake
San Franclscc
S. L. Oblspo.
Ban Diego. ..
Seattle
fpokane
Neah Bay
Walla Walla
Wianemucta,
Yurna
..23.96 60 36 W
...29. 8S 48 30 SW
..29.88 48 30 W
...30.14 62 42 NW
..30.06 62 42 SW
...29.80 4S 24 SW
a.29.86 44 34 S
»..29.78 60 38 W
.-.30.00 C2 44 W
...29.86 72 48 W
..29.M 50 42 S
..29.98 58 40 W
...30.06 48 44 SW
..30.02 60 44 SW
..29.64 60 34 NW
xj.30.14 54 46 'Wr
...30.10 62 40 V?
...30.00 €0 48 NW
...29.80 C2 40 SW
...29.86 43 28 8 "
..^9.86 4S 38 NE
i.. 29.90 62 40 S
u .29.82 48 20 ICW
...29.83 76 48 8
Pt.Cldy .44
Snow ' .01
Clear .00
Clear .23
Pt.Cldy .00
• Pt.Cldy .06
Clear .00
Clear -00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .60
Pt.Cldy .32
Clear .30
Pt.Cldy .20
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear .10
Clear T.
Clear . .00
Cloudy .00
Pt.Cldy .12
Rain .02
Cloudy .38
Cloudy .18
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
STATIONS.
• 3 eg 3 3 oZ
? E 3 3 :°
i ? ? !"
5 *o
If- I
• o
'\
Astoria.
Baker ,
Carson
Eureka
Fresno. ......
Flagstaff
Poeatello, Ids
Independence
L«cs Angeles.
Phoenix
Portland
Red Bluff
Ko8eburg....
Pacramento . .
Salt Lake
San Franclscc
S. L. Oblspo.
Ban Diego. ..
Seattle
fpokane
Neah Bay
Walla Walla
Wianemucta,
Yurna
..23.96 60 36 W
...29. 8S 48 30 SW
..29.88 48 30 W
...30.14 62 42 NW
..30.06 62 42 SW
...29.80 4S 24 SW
a.29.86 44 34 S
»..29.78 60 38 W
.-.30.00 C2 44 W
...29.86 72 48 W
..29.M 50 42 S
..29.98 58 40 W
...30.06 48 44 SW
..30.02 60 44 SW
..29.64 60 34 NW
xj.30.14 54 46 'Wr
...30.10 62 40 V?
...30.00 €0 48 NW
...29.80 C2 40 SW
...29.86 43 28 8 "
..^9.86 4S 38 NE
i.. 29.90 62 40 S
u .29.82 48 20 ICW
...29.83 76 48 8
Pt.Cldy .44
Snow ' .01
Clear .00
Clear .23
Pt.Cldy .00
• Pt.Cldy .06
Clear .00
Clear -00
Pt.Cldy .00
Cloudy .60
Pt.Cldy .32
Clear .30
Pt.Cldy .20
Pt.Cldy .00
Clear .10
Clear T.
Clear . .00
Cloudy .00
Pt.Cldy .12
Rain .02
Cloudy .38
Cloudy .18
Cloudy T.
Clear .00
'£* fe £*
CLOSINGODT SALE
. OF
Horses, Vehicles and Harness.
Consisting of 15 perfectly broken horses. SO car-
riages, surreys, wagons, phaetons, hard rubber
tired and pneumatic wheeled buggies eoad
carts, etc.. and about 50 sets of single and dou-
ble harness, all In perfect order. This consign- .
ment comprises the contents of the well-known
Fulton Livery Stable, at 246 Third -st. I have
leased this place as an addition to the Occiden-
tal Horse Exchange, and will sell all the abova
at the latter place on
TUE3DAT. March 25. 1902.
Commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.
Entrances 721 HOWARD ST., 225 TEHAMA
ST. and 246 THIRD ST
* WM. G. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION !_AUCTIOiN:
Stock of the Flores
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANAIS HALE. admlnH-
tratrlx of the estate of JOSEPH P. HALE,
deceased, we wW sell at auction on Friday.
March 21, 1902. at 12:13 p. m.. at room 22.
Chronicle building, fifty-nine thousand nln«
hundred and ninety (59.900) shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale A Company. Th«
property of the Flores Hale A Company con-
*tstn of four million (4.00O.00O) acres of land
In Lower California.
Terms of sale: Ten per cent on the fall
of the hammer, the balance on confirmation
of the sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a .bill of sale.
McGLTNN A MENTOJT.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
'¦• _^ Chronicle Bulletin*.
5^ 55t> ' 5^
JUST ARRIVKT*. rnrload nr the FTNKST
"V7ORK. CARBUGE anil DRIV1NO HOBSE3
ever broutrht to thin market, weights from
1150 to 1500. nil sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-711 Howard street.THE S A1ST FR AiNCISCO CALL; FRIDAY; MARCH 2 1, 1 902.
12
CLA1RVOYA NTS-—Cori tin jn'ed. V^
MME. . ODELL. clairvoyant: cards and tea
' leaves read accurately; L.-25c. G.'50c. 521 Vi
Turk'Et. >,-•"- ; .-'-.-';..: :¦•.'¦; .:. ¦¦' ;
MRS. JACQUE, trance > sittings & palmistry.
$1; card readings.- 25c & COc. 309 5th St., r.' 12.-
MRS.' BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladles
25c. gents BOc; readings dally. , 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LAVON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. .704 Howard, cor. 3d.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader -from" Louisiana;
¦ only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
CARPET BEATIXG AKD CLEAMJfft
WHEN you become disgusted .with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer, Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40..
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st; tel. Capp 3524.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et : tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
-vating Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. -
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, 6th
floor, 916 Market et. ; advice free. TeL Bush
i 184: able body of attorneys. ' : -
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
\ COTTAGES TO LET. .
COTTAGE of 4 rooms: rent $8. 1 Lombard st
. DENTISTS.
A^Dr" 927 Market st, Emma
Epreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings. $1 CO; other
fillings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural- and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
, I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret; painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'FarreU st. ,'.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 80» Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, Extractions free, S4 50
up; office hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J.'W. THATCHER. P.D.S.. Manager.
EAST Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C ANDER-
6ON. D. D. S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns. $3 60; fillings, 50c
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
BEE my new pink ivory plates; sea my' new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, BOc.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st : .
DRESSMAKERS A2VD SBAaiSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
C!a*s rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market st. ¦
DOG HOSPITALS. ~~~
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. C10 Golden Gate ave.
: EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; .<iay and night. 24 Post st. ?. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRKS' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Spanish, etc: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanido; day. eve. ;. est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 118 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING^ — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates , perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott . bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st."
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 11
good positions last week: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Bustncss College, 1230 Market.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'dl871 ;ables"tprofs >
VIOLIN, ' guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 1830 Eddy ; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery et.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof.MERKI. good
teacher. - 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
, Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $tf~mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1S63; new-SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ' ;
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooRs
and waiters furnished at fihort notice. ' Geo.
Klnoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
..Best -help. 411 }& O'Farrell st; tel.' East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., C40 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert reliable help.
: JAPANESE and Chinese best help ; cook and
waiter. 421 Post GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 1S5.
¦ i ¦
RELIABLE JapaneserChinese Employment Of-'
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 518S.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. C16.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tcl. Black 5072.
EMPLO Y3IENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WELL-BRED young lady. . with high 1 school
education, wishes position as companion ' to
either lady | or grown child ; speaks several
1 languages; experienced traveler; best refer-
ences. Box 4377. Call office.
POSITION — By a plain German, with 2 young
girls, with a- good religious family In the
country, for cooking and general housework;
near a school only; no others need apply; no
malls. 132 Fourth st, room 9, second 'floor. |
i YOUNG woman with a boy 8 years old wishes
a position as -cook Intha country or logging
camp. -M. C..B..C30 Eighth st, Oakland.
Cal. .. ' ¦'•-.¦:--.'¦¦¦¦:::¦.. .y-
GERMAN. woman-, wishes 'work by the day
washing and house cleaning; $1 60. 6 Kohler,
place, off Green - st, • bet Kearny and Mont-
gomery; upstairs. - ,
NEAT, reliable' young woman, wishes a place
for second . work, ¦ care of. invalid or sewing;
city or country. Address Faithful, 630
Eighth st, Oakland, Cal.
TRUSTWORTHY young woman desires light
housework in small family? plain cook, : and
neat. ; Please address box 4378,". Call ¦! office. , ¦"-..
A MIDDLE-AGED American woman .\ wants
- housekeeper's position, or cook on ranch for
. men. . 1043 Folsom et, room 24. ; .
RELIABLE girl ' wishes -' t position to . do'
Bush St. ; ¦ v. -.',•¦.¦¦:.¦.'¦ ['¦{'; " V' : '.'• .;-r ; y.\
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; no objec-
' . tlonto children.' .. B.- H..'17 Grant ave.' . .- ¦.-
WOMAN .wants situation to do housework ' and :
plain cooking. 22 ¦ Page 8t : ' . . •" ; : ; ' i
YOUNG housekeeper with. -4-year-old child !
¦ wants a place.--- Call- at 93 Shipley at..- oft
Fourth., upstairs. ,'¦ . :< ,.¦ ¦'..¦.-. .
AN exoerienced lady wishes copying,, address-
jlng envelopes and circulars -or » bookkeeping,"
to be done at home. . Box 4369, Call office.. , !
A GIRL,, age,- 16. V wishes a ; position -to '.assist
Jr. '.lght housework or care of small children.
,* Call, or. address 1106 De:Hart> at. ,.:... .- , • ; ¦;.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; r perfect fit guar-'
anieed; terms reasonablie. j.,769, McAllister et
gAIff FBAJf CISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of ¦ The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, *treet.
comer Clay; open until 9:80 p. m,
SOO Hayes street: open -until 0:80 p. m.
C38 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
818 Larkin streetj open until 9:30 p. ra.
1S41 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh, street; open until 9 p. tn.
1096 Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore etreet; open until 0 p. m.
CHTRCH SERVICES.
REV DR- CARRADINE. the noted holiness
evaneglist will preach In this city from
March 23 to April 1 twice each day; on Eun-
<*avs at 2:30 p. m., and every evening at
7-a0 at Metropolitan Hall. Flftlx st. near
Market; on week day* at 10 a., m. at Penlel
Mission Hall. 49 Third et All are invited.
MEETING yOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K-
T S Post St. — Slated assembly THIS *EH*
(FRIDAY) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. W*
Order of the Temple. All fraters cor- Rtf
dlally Invited. By order of the Com-
minder. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder. -
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O.
F —First (1st) Degree THIS S2353S
(FRIDAY NIGHT. March 21.
Memorial Hall. 8 o'clock; visit- <*»«*"
or. cordially Invited^ - Q
\T. F. KORCROSS. Rec Secy.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K.
O T. It.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) <g«Ki§l
EVENING at 6 o'clock. Pioneer K/f&fak
Hall, ' 24 Fourth Et. \KL$B>»
H. H. CASTLE. Xs&Sr
''¦¦ .' . ' Record Keeper. ~*»r-
HXGCX.AJI meeting of the Caledon- . cr >.
itn C!ub THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- 5S Q WJ
ING. at S o'clock. Scottish H411. "T>s&&«
UT Larkin *t; D. J. McFartane
will entertain under good of the dub.
A, M. McPHERSON, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secy.
NORM A Grove No. 6, U. A. O. D. meets
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. 413 Sutter OB
*t; degree work; nomination of officer*. "^™ -
F. E. CALER, Secretary.
NOTICE of Meetlne of Btockholdet*— Office of
the I'don Trust Company of San Francisco,
Number 2 Monuromery street northeast cor-
ner of Montgomery and Poet streets, San
Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 9th. 1902— Notice *s
hereby given that pursuant to a resolution
of the board «f directors of the Union Trust
Company of Ean Francisco, a corporation,
adopted on the 9th day of January, 1902, at
a meeting of eald board, duly held at the
©fice cf said company, in the city and coun-
ty cf Ean Francisco. State of California, a
majority of the members of said board being
present, a meeting of the stockholders of said
company will be held at the office and prin-
cipal place of business of said corporation, to
wit in the rear room on the ground floor of
the building on the northeast corner of Mont-
gomery and Post streets, known as No. 2
Montgomery etreet in the city and county of
Baa Francisco, State of California, said
building being the building where the. board
cf directors of *ald corporation' usually meet,
and said room being the room In said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet on THURSDAY, the 27th
day of March, 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m., for
the object and purpose of thereupon consider-
ing and voting upon a proposition to Increase
the capital stock - of said corporation from
tl.250.000 00 (divided into 1250 shares of the
par value of {1000 00 each share) to $1,500,-
000 00 (divided into 1500 share* of the par
value of $1000 00 each share). By order of
the board of directors.
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
(Seal) By I. W. HELLMAN JR., Secretary.
ANNUAL, MEETING — The annual meeting of
the etockhoiders of the Western Sugar Re-
fining Ccmsany will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market et., San Francisco,
Cal., on Monday, the 31et day of March.
1902, at the hour of 12 m.,'for the purpose
of electing a Board of Director* to eerve for
the ensulne year, and the transaction of euch
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
ing cf the etockhoiders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 227 Market et., in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
I of March. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
' a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
cf directors to serve for the ensuing year
er.d for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 14,
1&02. at 3 o'clock p. m.
. - .- H. W. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted — No experience required; any
Intelligent lady or gentleman can make from
$6 to $12 per day working for us; business
pleasant and honorable: good territory for
hustlers: lawyers, ministers or teachers who
reed additional income wanted all over the
State. WELLS & SAUNDERS. 630 Market.
SOLICITORS wanted; good money for . right
persons. 216-218 Gough Et.
ASTROLOGY-
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
€13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
pages. partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or w^jte.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 650 Market tt.. cor. Stockton..
ADVICE free; open ever?' evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.. 827 Mar-
ket Et. : consultation free: no fees in advance.
DICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN As selling Eureka bicycles f a8tr*well-
est thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin et.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, < globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet.8th&9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
tunny yard;phone; nr.echool. 1C07 California.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
51500 — ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
cation across the bay; rent $50, including 4
furnished rooms; a first-class paying propo-
sition. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20^
Kearny et.
5500— PARTNER wanted in a corner liquor
store on Geary Et.; rent $35c rare chance for
a good man. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny £t.
$2500— CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
¦will find a rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st '¦ ; lll_*
A— $300: RESTAURANT and chophouse ; rent
f-0; good place; 1 block south of Market Et.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. .
A— $1400; SALOON.~vlcir.ity of Market and
4th eta,; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— 12500: CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
tlc'.e: lease; place clearing, above $250 per
month: death in family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A— *S50; CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$15; surrounded by planing mills, lumber
yards and railroad shops; clearing above $100
per month. Call R. Q. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
A— -$650; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing 6hop; on Fourth st.. near Market;
good business: rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE.
20 % Kearny st. . . . .
$€M— PARTNER in an old established car-
j-enter chop to attend cash and collect; owner
io/S 0111 a mechani c &-d a contractor; $150 to
S200 mo. each guaranteed: positively a bar-
pEln to suitable party. For full particulars
call or address P. S. DE LUCCA. SIS Kearny
?¦t.. rcorn 1.
Se50^DANCE hall with bar; sporting part of
c:o •; clears $160 to (200 month; owner "ck-
inu*t go; a sr.ap for suitable party. -Forfuli
particulars call or aicress P. S. DE LUCA
31S; Kearny .'et,. room 1. ,
NOTICE to buyers-It will pay , C u to caJJ on
ue beror; buying c-'.tewhere. P. S. DE LUC*.
£ CO.; 318 Koaray n.. room 1.
*-i.*.0— Delicatessen & restaurant. N. of Market"-
*re*t chaac* for rr.an nn<i wife; clears $106
-rao. Aprly PI3 LUCA & CO.. 319 KeaxnyTr. 1.
NOTICE \r- sf :i<?n — \\> hive c afh buyers for ail
klr.ds cf »;us:r.*s>i that will r.tnd ssvestlga-
t:cn. P. £.. <ic Luca >'; Co.. "JlS Kearny. r. 1.
A— fl'2*>: CIGAR stand on Market St.; $8 dally
\ r '\9.K Mf^rket ft., roc m 10.
A— $275; DELICACY : >-tore: fine corner; 4
r&oros-; fnap. 1G4AA 'Market *st. room 16.
A— *125 BUYS $250 cijtar *tar;d; v«t5t location-
fine Ifutiness. Call 210 Third et •
I '': -HHlp3.WANTED~-FEMALK— -Con.
NEAT girl;; plain cooking, general housework;
also competent girl; assist with Infant; nurse
must : sleep ; home and 'live not too far - from
given address; apply mornings;' references.
1709 Baker -st. ; bet -California and Pine.
YOUNG German girl for a first-class : confes-
1 tlonery and lunch : parlor In a . large country
Vtown. •-. 819 , Turk ; st. - - < .-¦ » .-•• ¦ .. , ; *-' ; - ¦ .•
WANTED— Neat: girl.: for light housework;
sleep home. . 1719 Larkin st. - -.-'.¦ -C • ,' /
YOUNG i lady .wanted; . stenographer, and -bill
¦ clerk; •_ quick at figures.: Box 4361, ~ Call. .,
EXPERIENCED girl for : waitress and cham-
- berwork. ,, : 30 Liberty stA . ; „ ¦
FIRST-CLASS ¦ tailoresg,:' wanted': at RA-
PHAEL'S, Inc., 8-15 Kearny st .v , ,. -.;,..-,
APPRENTICES to learn glovemaklng: steady
position. ¦¦, Carson .Glove Co., 35 'Market • st.
WAITRESS ' wanted at New Mechanics' Hotel.
. 444 Brannan st <_. .
NEAT girl . for * housework In bakery. 418
Brannan st, -bet. Third and Fourth. |Bt
WANTED-^Neat'glrl. general housework; 2 in
: family; $20. 2718 Filbert; call bet 12 and 2.
GIRL for.' helper in dressmaking shop. 227
Devlsadero st..,bet' Halght and Page.
GIRL' wanted for light housework; good home.
:• 623 "Halght st • - • '- . ,: ¦ .
WANTED — Experienced Infant's nurse. Apply
after 1 . o'clock Friday at 800 Bush st.
OPERATORS ¦ on ladies' j waists to take work
home. 656 Mission st. third floor.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking;, small
'•: family. \ Apply' 1519 Grove, st. ;
FRENCH girl or woman; housework: $20 per
month: 822 Montgomery st. ' ... ' ' ¦
WANTBD-Walat and skirt helpers at 234
" Post 'St., room 10. : .' ;. . ''-•_•
WANTED— 3 girls to learn halrdressing, mas-
sage, manicure, switch, wig making, in 2
wks.; take charge of private customers; as-
¦ sured $50 per mo.; course $5; day, eve. class;
bring ad;worth $1. College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
WILL treat free for wrinkles a woman' over
40 years old; will also treat free for freckles
young boy or girl. Harris Institute of Der-
matology, 508 Sutter st. ; ¦
WANTED— A good girl to do general house-
work, small wash; wages (25. -Apply Thur*-
day or Friday morning, between 10 and 12,
at 1727 Vallejo st. .
WANTED — First-class finisher* on coats; none
but experienced hands need apply. S. N.
WOOD &: CO.. 27 Geary st.
At PaclflcHalrdresslngCollege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
halrdressing, massage, manicuring, wige, switch,
etc. ;course,$S;2 wks. ;posltlonsecured;day;eve.
STENOGRAPHERS, don't neglect your speed;
.Join day or evening classes; 60c week. Cor-
respondence Ex., 927 Market at, rm, 301-305.
WANTED — A good awning machine operator;
\ none, but experienced need apply; . steady
work ; good pay. Apply 1139 Mission st.
WOMAN not under 25 by a wholesale house;
must be trustworthy and accurate. Box
4391. Call office. -_ :
YOUNG lady as partner with small capital;
legitimate business; big money. Call 850
Market st, parlors 1-2. from' 1 to 5 p. m.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit altera-
tlon hands. Apply at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS hands on ladles' tailor skirts
ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc., 114-116 Kearny.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at the Manhattan
House. 825 , Battery «t. ¦
WANTED — Young girl ' for upstair* work and
- waiting, i Brooklyn House. East Oakland.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework;
sleep at home. 8360 Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Apply book-
bindery, 636 Clay st -
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hair dresser* and ven-
- tilators. 40 Geary st. •
—~ >
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. . .
HELP WASTED MALE. ~~
A— MURRAY & READY. ..... Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
Office open 7 a. ra .'....<
V NEVADA
. .'. NEVADA ¦
. State of Nevada..:... Free fare......
Railroad ' Work
75 teamsters Free .fare
50 rockmen. Nevada
Gang of laborers.... .......Free fars
10 drillers. 1 . .Nevada
....J. Wages $2 to $2 60 day......
Office fee $1 ............Fee $1
Ship Dally . .......
.....'..To the Mines — Gold and Silver.......
5 experienced ¦ muckers .....'... $42 .and found
4 laborers for a good mine. .,. .$60
4 laborers, section 9. P. R. R. ; 6 laborers,
no experience, city, $1 75 and $2 day; black-
smith, ranch, see boss here; ranch . hand,
planing mill, $3 - day;. • blacksmith, wagon
-, work; pruner, $3 day; married farmer;. 2
dairymen; 'butter maker and milker, $35; 2
stablemen; buggy washer, city; 6 farm and
orchard hands. ¦
150 woodchoppera and tlemakers, reduced
¦ railroad. ' - - .. ' .
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
12 cooks. $60, $50 and $45; waiter and cook
• short orders, $10 week, see boss here; porter
and runner, good country hotel, $25; second
baker, country Bhop, $45; laundryman, $16
week; 5 waiters, hotels and* restaurants; cook
and wife, $45 and found." MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Wanted for New Railroad Work...*..
' State of Nevada
600 railroad teamsters ...' ..$2 a day
500 railroad laborers ..$2 a day
100 rockmen ....'..'.....;...." $2 a day
20 stone masons $4 a day
60 masons' helpers $2 a day
Free Fare ." Ship Daily
Ship Dally ....:. Free Fare
100 tunnelmen ....$2, $2 50 and $3 a day
For Chatsworth Park Ship Dally
Free Fare. ......Free Fare.... ...Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... .104 Geary st.
COOK and wife.' private ' family ' hotel, $55;
cook,$40; waiter lor country, $25 and found;
' "bell ¦ boy, dishwashers, potwashers, porters;
pantryman, $25 to $30 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
FARMER and wife, $50; German or Scandina-
vian gardener, $30 and found and Increase
¦teamster, $1 dayland board; laborers, $1 71
day and $1 day • and board ; carpenters for
city and country, $3 60 day; 10 lumber pli-
ers, $2 day; blacksmith. $40 and. found; 2
,- milkers, $30 and found: • poultryman and
¦wife; '$30: cheesemaker. $35 and found; boy
to learn blacksmith trade, and others. J. IT.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento at. ¦ ,
AT the California Employment Agency, ,
' r 59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405.
;.;.... Nevada' ."
-. . .'. . . Nevada . V.
\ . .STATE OF . NEVADA— FREE I FARE. . .'
75 teumsters.. :.. ..".Free fare
CO rockmen" .:. ...¦..."......•..... Nevada
.. Gang cf laborers Free fare
10 drillers Nevada
...........Wages $2 to $2 50 day.. .........
Office fee $1 00. Fee $1 00
......... ;.. SHIP DAILY-....r..- ....
CAL. EMP. AGENCY.......... 59 Third st
AT- W. D. EWER & CO.'S. «10 Clay~st—
' For sawmill company,, to go Saturday: -10
railroad laborers, $26 and board; 4 choppers,
, $45 and board; 4 barkers, $35 and board.
, For .Nevada, free fare : 50 scraper.teamsters,
$2 a day; 50 drillers, $2 25 a day. 2 milkers,
country. $30; 2 laborers for quarry, $1. 75 a
day; German ¦ or Scandinavian farmer -and
' wife, $40 ; man about place and wife, * $40.
SHIPPED . free ! every day — Four-horse . scraper
- men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract, .Wadsworth, Nev. ; wages, $2 per day;
board, $5 25 per week;- $2 deposit. required;
company will refund same after 26 days. E.
•' B. & A. L. STONE CO., 900 Broadway. Oak-
land, , Cal.' ¦¦-. ¦. "¦-.:¦ : ;j .'. ; • : ¦ .-.-¦
BARBER shop for sale — Averages from $120 to
;/ $130': per month: established 8 years; shop
'¦¦and flat : of 3 well-furnished rooms for- f arn-
•.lly of 4;rent $16; price $250; $100 cash, the
"rest $10 per month -at 4 per cent Interest
' ; 1035 "¦ Guerrero et
WANTED — A' bright young • man between .21
and 24 years' old, to work in wholesale house;
. give references and wages expected. Address
box 4393. Call office. V ,•¦¦,. t , ,, -.
WANTED — Strong, -. steady young man." experi-
enced .with poultry; must know how to milk;
1 wages 'to- start. $20: Address- E. 'VAN
' . EVERY, . Edenvale, , Cal. , • -
WANTED— Driver for , parcel delivery wagon;
¦ some" ona south of Market st route ,¦ pre-
ferred ; give : experience and » wages expected.*
•¦ : Bqxr. 4372; .-Call. "'.¦-.,: t - ; ,. . - ;-...
WANTED^-Coatmakers ;• to go' to '¦ country;
'' nearby - towns, i-i Call DETMER WOOLEN
; CO. ,. 643 - Market ; st
BARKEEPER, :: young man, 'for flrst-class
:; place; $75 and, board. , ANDRE'S. 818 Stock-
:;•¦' ton 'St. ' , .,'¦;. \ ' ¦ .¦ ' :',. ¦' '¦ - '
GOOD barber 'for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay, .st.- .-.', '. ¦¦ : ¦ . '.. • ." ., . '¦ . ' ¦
BARBER wanted; - $3 60 guaranteed. ' Elite
¦..Shaving -Parlor, -761 '.Howard St. -, ,\ .
BARBER; for Saturday. -.- end" Sunday. 105
;'ATenth:H.':>';-,'.'',...: :';.¦' '—.';'- ".' ; '.;'., "•
WANTED— A . barber : at ? 617 Montgomery st
. - ;for Saturday;and Sunday.; •';-" •• • -'/, , r
ENTRY.'clerk 'for wholesale house; age. ¦ experi-
¦-.lence and references required.' Box 4355," Call.
BOY for errands & gen. work; must have refs. ;
. wages $3 50 wk. v 432 Montgomery, st., 2d fir.
COATMAKER < | for ;' country. ; . Apply REISS
;. -, BROS.. & CO.. '¦ 24 Butter Bt. . v .
EMPLOYMENT. WAKTED^-FEMALE.1
ENGLISH '.¦'; governess f desires ¦; several' hours':
; daily" teaching;' three ' year*' : exnerlence *ln
.. San Francisco; \English, French (Parisian),
'. German, . music; ' excellent • references.'. -¦ Box
43S2. Call... ¦ ,- .."•.¦,.¦;•¦¦ ¦.V-.^-'V
LADY; ' exnerienced. ' educated, desires " position
. as ¦ housekeeping : manager • in home or . inati T
; ; tution; accounts.' corresoondence, etc; abso-
lutely reliable ; ,; references. .Box 4384, Call. ;
AN experienced English teacher desires pupils;
¦ copying, addressing ' envelopes and ¦; circulars
• at home. Call or address Teacher. 1236
..Jeckson at. . ¦ '•.'•.'¦,.;¦ .'. • '. ;'...¦• .,".
AMERICAN, woman wishes position' as house-
keeper or take charge of rooming-house. Call
¦-.at 34; Sixth at-'.'-room.B. from 6 to 8. ' ¦:'. -• /.
FRENCH lady r(natlve) wfshea pupils . to ;in-
/•.:. struct . in» that <¦ language.' 1204 ; Leaven worth
.St.; reception hours 9. to. 10 a. m., 7 to 8 p. m.
WANT ads and subscriptions .taken for. The
.. Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st ;.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third St.. near Mar-
| ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per nlght;$l 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry: • •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received, af Call . branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia sf ¦¦ . ¦ • . ' ¦.-¦•¦
¦_ EMPLOYMENT ; WANTED— MALE; v
WANTED — Position in store or with advertis-
ing company by good salesman ; Hs, up to date;
. show card and sign writer: willing to go out
of city. . Box 4365, Call. , ,
YOUNG married man wishes position on a
ranch as foreman ; ¦ competent to manage farm,
hands. Call or address 530 Eighth st, Oak-
land, Cal. • ; - ¦ ; ¦•¦¦¦- -
YOUNG Englishman of neat appearance
wishes, position of any kind; not afraid of
hard work. Box 4380, Call office. . ,•
AS barkeeper; would work half day or whole
day; excellent references; strictly sober and
steady. Box 4373, Call. •¦•**¦ •
GERMAN , man wants work as porter or Jani-
' tor; 'can show A No. 1 city references. 237
. Minna sf. In rear, - house 14. • . ' ' ¦
$5 00 WILL be paid by young man to any one
securing him a position as fireman. Address
box 4357, Call office. ' - .
NURSE, masseur, now medical student; ser-
vice* for board and room. Box 4358. Call.
A GARDENER. • first class, thoroughly com-
. petent, . propagating, greenhouse work, orna-
I mental bedding, fruit and vegetable growing,
¦ wishes steady position; country • preferred;
good references. Gardener, box 4388. Call.
A YOUNG man, good habits, neat appearing,
experienced in bar and grocery busineus, de-
elres a steady position; best references
given. Box 4380, Call. . V
BARTENDER, experienced in city and country
business, desires position;- references. Ad-
drees box .4204, Call. • -
MIDDLE-AGED honest German man wants
position; understands gardening, do milking,
clean windows on private place or where a
good man required; general man all around;
¦ good references. Address F. H., California
Hotel, room 6. East Berkeley. . ¦ ~ .
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
temperate and reliable all around - florist and
- gardener; ' single. ' age 35; life experience in
all branches; references; private place. Ad-
drees S. G., box 4220. Call office.
WANTED — By a young man, a position In
wholesale house; 4 years' experience In gen-
eral merchandise; good reference. . Address
box 4221, .Call.
WANT situation — Bartender or gamekeeper; no
• trlflers. Address 4395. Call office.
SITUATION by a young man 18 years of age in
wholesale house; living with parents; best of
references. Box 4398, Cal! office.
SITUATION wanted by watchman; best of ref-
erences. Watchman. 421 Minna st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 FillmOre.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st '
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott • bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co., 326 Post
FLATS TO LET. ,
AN upper: flat "of 4 rooms' and bath. 836. Te-
hama st. . --.-. ¦'.'--¦ -'„•
FOURTEENTH, 72S — 5 large sunny rooms and
bath; Castro and .Flllmore earn..- •: -
BAY-WINDOW,- 8Unny flat,. 6 rooms. 28%
West Mission st, bet. .Twelfth., and Brady.
SEE this flat: 6 rooms and bath; $11. 2922
Laguna st. near Union.'. •
FLATS TO LET— FCKNISHEU,
FOR Rent— Beautiful 8-room flat In San Jose;
whole or part . or . will sell. Inquire at 367
Polk st. S. F.
FURNISHED flat, 4 rooms and bath;, sunny
side; rent $25. 132 A Fourteenth st. • ¦¦
HANDSOMELY furnished modern flve-room
.. flat for sale or rent cheap. -047 Ellis st.
FLATS WANTED.
FUR. flat 6 or 8 rooms; desirable locality for
summer; reasonable; no chil. -Box 4196. Call.'
; FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AT a sacrifice — Contents of 6-room flat; furni-
ture, carpets, draperies, etc.. as a whole or In
, part; call between 10 and 12 a. m. 709 Grove
6t, corner Webster.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
EIGHT-ROOM flat furniture for sale. "475
Fourth st, top 3oor.'. •'
FURNITURE WANTED^
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays. highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
, GLOVES. 1
D. & F. BLACK suede glove: best In the world;
• warranted; kept in repair. -. 121 Grant ave.
HELP • WANTED FEMALE.
AT C R. "HANSEN^^ & TO'S..pTiMie^rantTs5
'......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ;
2 fancy ironers, city .< ...$10 week
2 .mangle girls, .city....... .$6 50 week
¦Woman cook, small restaurant.. ... .$9 week
5 2 waitresses, choice, hotel, J country .$25
a chambermaids, city .'.' $20
20 waitresses, city and country ;.$20. $30
5 FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........
Cooks, • houseglrls. second .„ girls, , nurseglrls,
: best of wages paid. C. Jt.' HANSEN & CO.,
: 104 Geary et. .;;;'; ', :¦ .! .
SWEDISH or German girl . for 'housekeeping;
2 In family; short distance In the country;
see party here: $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
?.-. 104 Geary st. : "-.-¦¦¦ . •¦¦ . '
WANTED — Laundress, no shirts, $25, country;
3 cooks, little wash, $30; 4 second ¦ girls, $20.
' $25; 8 . chambermaids, wait 1 meal, '$20; 2
restaurant , waitresses, $7, $8: lady's maid.
German or French. $23; chamberwork, prl-
• > vate family, $20; housework, Berkeley, $25.
$30; dishwasher,' $20; cook.- boarding-house,
$25: 4 waitresses to go south, $25; • fare paid ;
also a large number of girls for housework,'
with and without 'wash. -in city and coun-
' try. Apply to J. F. 1 CROSETT &CO., 334
Sutter st. ¦.'.¦'
A— TWO neat young i ladies who live with
• parents as salesladies in candy store: no ex-
perience necessary; $7 week.. MRS.. M. E.
DAY & .'CO..; 335 Geary at. , "'..'..¦ :
A -MOTHER and daughter ; 15 years " for small
i family; .$30. -MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., Ij 335
' ; Geary st. ¦. ¦ . , ..¦ ¦ »;/,", • ' " ¦
FROM. this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct Inexperienced hands, the trade
• of- making overalls free of charge: will 'be
paid while -learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32i£ Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
' '-' - - - V . ' ft ¦ . y
WANTED— An experienced •; saleslady ' and
:, buyer to take charge of ladles' skirt and. suit
¦ department; state references and salary ex-
, . pected.' Box 4354/ Call office, i . . . ¦ >
WANTED— Flrst-class^alteration hands for*
; Bklrts and jackets: ," ARM AND. CAILLEAU,
'.Inc.: 114 Kearny. st. V,"-'.:" ' ' . ¦' • ,- .<¦
GIRLS « to : learn knitting"' trade; ; paid while
.learning',- references."- OANTNBR & MAT-
TERN CO.. 10174 Hyde at " V , .- > " '
WANTED-^-Reliable -Protestant girl for gen-
, eral -housework; family 'of 4; ; $20.V 222 , Do-
: lores st, ." near Sixteenth. / . .
WANTED— Flrst-class finishers on ladies' - Jack-
. ets.: ,.-.W.-. BOROU. .Ladles' - Tailor, 22-2 1
- m Grant ave. ;'¦'..¦ ¦. _ ; : . .;-.,;. ¦' ¦•''. ... .-.¦.¦{
COMPETENT girl, pood cook, general house-
y work;' wages $25. ; 429,Fillmore st. 10 to 12.
to-day; references. , v ,• . t. ; . , -v--.
GOOD .waitress; wages $7 per . week. - 17 Thlr-
: tlCth ' Et ,..-.>,.. ¦_•.;.,¦: 1
, WAITRESS ¦ wanted at 615 .Valencia '; at: - ¦.'" ' -
EXPERIENCED "makers' 1 ' and for
Millinery.-. 2544- MUslonBt;- <'.,-,: ' ¦ ¦_¦
BUSINESS CHAKCES----Conttniied.
JOSEPH ETRAUB, ,.•.-*
S50 Market tt..' corner Stockton.
¦ .. i --Telephone Grant. 177.
Real Estate Acent .
Property Bought and -Sold.
Rents Collected. •
- Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent
A— Saloon; south of Market st. tn the manu-
facturing district: 8 living-rooms upstairs;
rent $15; etable in rear; price $275. : .*''.-"-;
A — Oyster and chop house at Presidio; owner
to leave city; a bargain at $250. ¦- -.
A — Several lodging-houses going very cheap.
A — Several restaurants at reasonable prices. .
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400. ' in a well -
established business that will pay blm from
$160 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A CANDY store.' manufacturing and icecream
parlors: paper agencies and other side lines;
80 minutes from city; present owner been
there -7 years; best of reason for gelling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third St. ' .
A— SALOON on Third Bt, close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason celling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market 'st. fine-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS, CO.. .41' 8d:
A — $6000 WILL buy fine paying retail store:
long established : excellent location; near
Market st: will invoice $8000; all clean
stock; ottered only' account sickness; chance
.seldom found; would be fine opportunity to
start con right in life; might exchange for
city real estate. Ask HEDGES. 461-462
Parrott building.
A— 40 CIGAR stands; price* $75 to $1500:
profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $6 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
C. L. HEDGES. 461-482 Parrott building.
HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
Stores; 4 paying gen. tndse.: good towns.
Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying, In city.
Groceries and bars; 6; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
Cigar, stationery, notion stores; good ones.
All kinds of paying business propositions.
. Also city and country real estate.
HBALY & CARR. 6 Eddy St.. S. F.
HAVE you $5000 to Invest in safe, legitimate
business in the Orient 7 I can prove to your
satisfaction where $5000 "to $10,000 annual
Income can be obtained; only an honorable
person with business Intentions need apply.
Address box 4353. Call office. ¦ ¦
IF you are seeking safe and profitable Invest-
ment write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Hone Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(Incorporated under New York State laws);
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
S. HAND, Secretary. 113 Stockton st
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store In thrifty
: town 10.000 Inhabitants with monthly pay
. roll <ft $120,000: stock, fixtures, wagons, etc..
will invoice $1700;. good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, .box 165. Vallejo. Cal.
FOR sale — Retail hay, grain, coal business; es-
tablished on main thoroughfare for 16 years;
fine location; cheap rent on lease; capital re-
quired about $1000; principals only. Address
box 4374, Call office.
PARTNER wanted on account of sickness with
$3000 in summer resort; 45 minutes from the
city; runs summer and winter. Address
M. K., Call office.
A — $200; PARTNER wanted; good chance for
steady man satisfied with $18 to $20 a week.
410 Kearny *t. room 36.
A— $100; PARTNER in a good paying chop
house; bargain. DECKER &. LARSEN. 921
Market «L
NURSERY and florist business for sale; bar-
gain; owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself Into the business
by working for salary until he wishes to
take possession. CARLSON. 500 Halght st
CORNER saloon, .rent $18, with 3 furnished
rooms, will be sold cheap if called for at
once; must be sold on account of sickness.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, Sev-
enth and Mission sts.
FOR sale — A flrst-class restaurant; average
¦ales $40 per day; price $1000. Address N.
H.. box 4126. Call office. ._
FOR SALE — $1200; a good general merchan-
dise store. Box 4363, Call office.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the sasfest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st
BILLS, notes, etc.. collected In all parts of the
world. Cal. Commercial Guaranty Co., 184
Crocker building. .' ." a • ¦
$550— RESTAURANT; daily receipts. $30; rent
$35; a snap. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market.
YOUNG man with $125 would like partnership
in ¦email paying business. Box 4125, Call.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 2 chairs; half or whole
interest Address P. O. box 498. Ean Jose.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALiB. ' ~
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY."
850 Market St.. (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281. •
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. '
.We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
t . - New houses to lease. .
A. CAMERON & CO.. I
.850 Market Et. and 8 Stockton et..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices j* in all parts of city.'
A— 75 ROOMS, near Market st '. $6000
22 rooms, $1300: 20 rooms.- $1400; 56 rooms,
$2000; 11 rooms, $400; 18 rooms, money maker,
$1800; 100 others. 6 rooms to 220. $200 ' to
$13.000. KRASKY & CO.. 1049A Market St.
A — 18 ROOMS; sunny* corner; rent $53; part
cash. Room 16, 1049A Market Et
A— Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market sf, rms. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All. for sale on easy terms. Please call.
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE ¦ • '¦- .
CALL ON
A.- H. RETSLOFF, Phone John 531.
906 Market st. corner Ellis.
A — NOTICE — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
llet first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market
10 ROOMS, including kitchen; neatly furn.:
$275; rent $32; water free. 217 Natoma et.
________ — —
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous material?^
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frl.. Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
, life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1; '
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car..
MRS. HARLAND'S circle. 8 p. m. ; prophetic
tests. 10c; business read., 50c, $1. 132 Sixth.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS' materializing seance
Friday evening. 325 Ellis; • this week- only.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EA RLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1001; seance Sunday and Thurs.-
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs C. J
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
J ; CLAIRVOYANTa.
MME. M. BERNARD™ ~ ~~
. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic.
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you: will be told how. to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — 50c and $1. PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant,
scientific palmist, card reader: advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated!
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; send date birth.
Jock hair. 6 questions. 100"^ Market, nr. 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. . Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and. Sunday. ¦
ARRIVED — The witch of Wall «t. on a visit
to your beautiful city, will give free teats of
her mysterious power: tells your name, the
name of friends, etc; reveals every hidden
mystery: she has no equal. 26% Kearny st. ;
write for free test
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never fails: has the greate3t
Egyptian secret: shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to ,
everybody; open Sun.. 10 to .8 p. m. 215 >/j 6th. I
FREE! FREE! FREE I I
PROF. BROCKWAY, , PROF. BROCKWAY. '
\ 1052 Ellis «t, bet: Franklin. and Gough. i
Headlnge free between the hours of 9:30 and j
II a,, m. Other hours. $L ¦
MADAM CLAIUTA. ~~~ ~ ~
Most wonderful Egyptian card reader: all !
; <jtiM. answered satisfactory; read, from 6 p. !
m. to o p. m. only. Phone Polk -831. -702 Post. !
ISM AR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and'
palmist, permanently located lHfi Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays -from 10 to 12 a: m.r I
A— MISS M. WILLE. S26A Ellis; clalrx-oyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
afivice; names given; 25c up.' 6 Fourth et
MEDICAL. •
A— DR O'DONN'ELL, world-renowned rpecial-
lst —Ladies all who are tick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
- cases taken; the most difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of -a .delicate nature. DR. G. w. o don-
NEEL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. Sth.
MRS D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist:
3Q years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement:
Infants adopted. . 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
j. MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farre/1 st.
i LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
| at the old office. 122S Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, aotf Market st.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and durlns
f confinement: best medical care; low feea.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' > original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market at., S. F. ,
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable- and sincere spe-
ciallst. 1007V; Market; avoid delay: $10-
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
. * MINES AND MINING.
THE best small mine in the State: develop-
ment will make a large paying property;
sale compulsory. THE INVESTORS' AGEN-
CY. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F., Cal.
FOR SALE — At a bargain; one-fifth interest in
four valuable placer mining claims; In Casa
. ' de Paga River region. For- particulars ad-
dreas A. H. L.. box 4296, Call of flew.
<• ?i2££I~^SL2££b~^-^
A^HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bdj
54,500.000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgage*
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust......
Undivided Interests in ReaL Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate;
. Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at m and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country property;
, • second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loan* on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan. Loan Co..
Tel. ¦ Red 8024: 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT. 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages....
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
; R. McCOLGAN
.24 Montgomery at, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgage*, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturine and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room IS.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OL3EN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY resoectable nriva,te place to obtain
liberal advance* on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 844
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture," pianos: no removal:
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery *t. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent, in sums to *uit In city:
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortga. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3G Geary St.. room 33.
A • PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos:. no removal: low rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD fWilson's), 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO..... ...143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
• quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
• age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301.- Jone*.
PRIVATE party; confidential :' lowest rates;
pianos and furniture; no removal. GAR-
; THEIS. 208 Post st ¦ - -
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no- com.: private
party. St Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th fir.
$5 60 PER month repays $1000 loan; stop pay-
lng rent. MURDOCH. 514 Pine st
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
.HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exg.. 431 California.
CASH loaned' salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
Z7o ON - furniture and pianos: $15 up; no r»-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room, 81. 8 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAHUter st
. IF you want a home I will loan you money ta
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sanaome st.
LOANS money on salary; no indoraer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MONEY WANTED. ~
WANT to borrow $200 for 1 year; will pay 2
per cent per month. Interest payable month-
ly; security, furniture in 5-room flat valued
at over $1000; Shylocks and broken don't
answer: references exchanged. Box 4359.
Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THE Simplex piano player 1* the most won-
derful of all piano players; it plays musia
In such a . way as to . captivate ths best
musical people, because Its playing is not at
all mechanical, the expression being perfect
and the manipulation the simplest Call and
.hear them play, and play them yourself, at
any. time. THE ZEN O MAUVAIS MUSIO
CO.. 769 Market st . . .
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
.propositions are offered In thp.way of prices
and terms upon piano*, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and • largest
assortment of best makes to chooss from.
SHERMAN; CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
. way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
A GREAT opportunity — We will rent or sell
60 new standard high-grade pianos at $3 50
a month. Some special bargains: ' ? J
1 Knabe ....$95 2 Chlckerings.....$16»
1 Sommer ...$38 1 Heine .....$235
1 Hyde $35 2 Steinway.., $265
New second grade. $98 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $59 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos . from $175 up. -BENJ. •CURTAfc St
SON, 18 to 20 O*Farrell. Chiekertng, Mason
and Hamlln. Vose, Sterling pianos. -•
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 ' years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. "at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from ,us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1850.
ARION harp zither; 42 strings; F. Schwarzer;
finely orna,mented. In leather-covered, velvet-
lined case: cost $143: for sale at $50. Ad-
.. dress R. BAUSKE. 655 Pine st. .,
LUDWIG planos^ — Most popular of all. For sals
-only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
St., San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. ¦
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
•Everything must go: PIANOS are selling
like hot cakes for »torage, $40 up. WIL-
SON'S STORAGE. -1710 Market St.. . ,-.J
SOHMER & CO. pianos: Byro'n Mauzy pianos *¦
Lester : pianos; Spielmann pianos; Ceciltan
perfect . piano player; pipe organs. 3^, -310.
312 Post st. ...
SMALL upright $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
DECKER & SON.- Wlssner and Baumelster
pianos,' as well as many good second-hand ln-
. struments at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain: be»t
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $33 up. F. - W. SPEN-
•- CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers: price $10O up-
ward; values best" in the city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market, 14th and Church.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Beautiful tone hlgh-grada
upright piano; going East. 811. O'Farrell at.
3 LEADINO pianos. Steinway. ChickerlngT
Weber, other makes, at FAY'S. 1729 Mission.
WANTED — Four good . squares for halls.
- BYRON TJAUZY. 310 Post st.
2 ELECTRIC self-playing 1 pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAUZY, 310 Post st.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCI1MITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old" ana new. H.
; MULLER. maker, • repairer. 2 Latham, place.
CHEAPEST and best tn America — The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In tha
United Statu or Canada one year far f 1,
HELP WANTED—MALE — Con.
ANDRE'S. Office, 316 ._ Stockton at— 2 garden-
ers, private -places, country, $30, $25; S un-
der- gardeners for Sonoma. Co., $2o; butler,
¦ $50; second butler. S40; German butter, $40;
young German for housework, private place,
$15; stableman. $30, etc. ,
ANDRE'S Office, 310 Stockton st. — Cook.' plain
-, hotel, $50; second cook, $65; broiler for cafe,
$60; .third cook. $30; baker for institution,
$40; night waiter, country place. $30; waiter,
plain restaurant, $30; potwasher, $25; silver-
man, hotel, $30; man to make coffee, etc..
hotel, $30. etc. V
WANTED— A steady man with $100 for a plain
every-day business that will pay about $7u
' per month; steady . place; experience not re-
qulred. • Apply 1018 Market st. room 10.
CUTTER who ia also an all-around tailor for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 2*
Sutter st.
YOUNG man in Unshop; age 16 years; apply
7 to 9. 533 Mission st.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing. 2S01
Mission »t. .. ¦ -
WANTED— Night cashier at 37 Stockton at.
WANTED— Good Jobbing gardener who undcr-
stands business; call early. 5S5 Valencia st.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 19 Powell st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr shop outfit at a sac-
rlflce; must be aold to-day. 517 Montg. ave.
MAN and wife for country home; wife. must
. be good cook and man understand care of
horses, garden! etc. ; nice home to right
couple; position permanent. Box 43S5. Call.
WANTED — A first-class carriage painter, all-
around man; steady job: Eastern man pre-
ferred. Bay View Carriage Factory. San
Rafael. Cal. . . .
WANTED— Apprentico barber who has had 1
or 2 years' experience. Address P. O. box
3.5. Santa Clara. .
WANTED— At once, a good shirt Ironer on
Tyler machine; hand work; $12 to $15 per
week. P. Q. box 05, Santa Barbara. Cal.
WA .V« TED ~ Sober « reliable young man with
5170 cash; $17 week; i steady place: no ex-
perlence. necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
2 CABINET-MAKERS wanted. 614 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man with $250; tend cash,
restaurant; $60 mo. Brown, 1221 Market st.
WANTED — A good floor man; used to carriage
and wagon work. 1414 Pine st.
10 . 11117 a Ko«l barber shop. Box
4otio, Call. .. . ' ...
TAILOR on fine custom coats; steady work;
good pay. 633 Natoma st
WILL sell 2 barber chairs and fixture* : $175:
cheap rent. 252 Ellis st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corns. U.
; S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet ;
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: barber* In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 lar*e
¦ rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated;, situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, CaL
SAILORS, green hanfs and blacksmiths for
whalers and merchantmen. Apply Shipping
Agent. 213 Broadway. ¦
_ i — i
WANTED — In a twenty years established car-
' rlage and wagon shop, a flrst-class painter to
rent shop. Address box 4233, Call office. .
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted; only
¦ flrst-class men need apply; state experience.
Box 4215. Call office.
28 YOUNG men to go north • for the summer
at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. .
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cam-
brldge House. 543 Howard; changed handa.
EXTRA pay now due . U. S. Volunteer*. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty.. 624 Market
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
COc up; solmg 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr. Sth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue I
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. 3. 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. 3.'
SAILORS, ordinary, for. ships for all parts of
the world., HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
I free * bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOtf
Valencia «t. V .
AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. -DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
FOR sale — At a bargain," fine business horse
and buggy. See at PETERS' stable. 1314
Grove st, near Devlsadero. "
FOR sale — Cheap, elegant lady's driving horse.
Can be seen at PETERS' stable. 1314 Grove
St.," near Devisadero.
FOR SALE— Span of bays, 4 and 5 years; full
sisters; also . buckboard and harness. 2262
San Jose ave., Alameda. or 437 Larkin, S. F.
LADY'S phaeton, good business buggy and
bike cart, little used. O'BRIEN'S. Polk st
and Golden Gate ave."
SANTA ROSA salesyard — Horses,- harness and
buggies bought xnd cold, sew stock always
on hand. • 1499 Market • st, corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate aye.
ALMOST new top buggy; exchange for bicycle
. ¦ wheel road buggy. . 718 Folaom st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. l."th& Valencia
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
¦ etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A -No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNER; half Interest livery stable; all new
rigs; account other business. 2125. Mission.
. HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
: cular. G. H. UMBSEN^CO.. 14 Montgomery.
• ' ' HOPSE8 -WASTED. . ' .
HOUSE wanted, A to 7 rooms, to be moved;
state location and price. Box 4394. Call. '
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT^!
MRS. HARTLAIJD renews thin, faded .and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
5 baldness -. with great success; free consul ta-
tlon. Room 39, Llebes building. 139 Post st.
. LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — In neighborhood of Geary and Kearny,
a. lady's gold watch, Waltham movement;
monogram "E. G." Return to cashier. Call.
STICK pin.-ruby and small diamond; valuable
"• as a. keepsake; liberal reward if returned to
Call office. '
LOST — Small silver watch; Inscription in case;
initial K. D. outside, California Theater box
office; -reward. ¦ ¦:¦ . ....
LOST — White English setter bitch. light
\ lemon ears and light lemon spot on back.
Return to 327 Sutter st; liberal reward. - -
LOST— A pocket-book, black leather, contaln-
¦ ing papers and check ifor - $1000; payment
stopped. Liberal reward if returned to P. C.
. 3106 -Washlnrton st.
LOST— A diamond sunburst last evening,
March 19. ,: Return to 1S45 Polk st. and re-
ceive liberal reward. ¦- .
GREAT Dane dog; reward. E. B. FIELD
.2500 Clay st ."
LOST or • mislaid — Two lap robes. March 13.
, Reward 42 California st ' '
FOUND — On Monday, pair spectacles; prove
property. . Box 4362. Call office.
FOUND— Bicycle: owner can have same- by
. proving , property. .-* A. BROWN, 222 Green-
, wlch st .
FOUND— Water spaniel dog Tuesday evening
. 433 .Elizabeth st. ,
IT ¦ will • pay to "Remember" • ttiat ' the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold'and silver to make new watch cases.'
M ATRIHO XI At. - —
MARRIAGE -bureau; est 1SS7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz.'. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO i order." also cleaned and sterilized; uphoi-
'. stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. ¦ HOPKE BROS... 411 to 415 Powell
)'-st. ; tel. Bush 421. ¦.--.'.'¦ ~ ¦¦- , ¦ . ; '
Brass,' Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
, -shades. J.F.Hotter, 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.,'• ', ,v ¦-. ; '}'. . ¦ NEW ¦jWESTI
; J Apfleld, Dawson '¦ -".j
AN Graham; Dawson ¦;
O "Walker, ¦' Dawson ''"•'*:
O Smith, r Seattle, "'
E T • Young, ; Paso Robl
R ' J' Arnold. ? Monterey ,
C E Riley& w.;L-Ang
F J White; , Lbs. Ang.:
J-Hltcheock ? & ;. w," Cal
M . J" Anderson, i.Visalla
2RN HOTEL. . :.
WB McMillan,: Cal
P. Thompson & w, Cal
CM' Bailey ' & xt, Neb
E F .Youpg,- Salt Lake
J ' Hanson, , Angel - Isld
J-W.Dawsey, Angfel Isl
E ' French. * Seattle .
j"W.T>evere & w,'-.Vallei
W J.Cossna, Oklahoma^
EOTEL AKBIVALS.
. SAN; RAF AEl>V March 20^— The : power
house which:, will;, distribute", the -electrio
current for- the ' locomotion' ¦ of 'the trains
on the: North Pacific .Railroad . under -the
new regime will be located 'at :Corte Ma
dera This' was authoritatively i announced
to-night. '¦ It had been -thpught that San
Rafaelor Sausallto' would be th& distrib
uting point, \ but ' during i the .- past several
weeks i other " sites more centrally located
have been ; investigated. To-day the di
rectors of • the- . road ,\ visited ;. the ; several
points and finally-decided. upon Corte Ma
• The company will purchase a large tra,ct
of land to the east of, the nresent railroad
station 'and 'Will -eommence" tne erection
of the power house on f April 1.:'-The'elec
tric current -of •"-• the : ¦: Central . California
Light and Power Company will be used
for '. the -; operation : ot the • North Pacino
Coast Company's ears, as the latter | com
pany. Is virtually, an adjunct of the former
corporation.' -Large par sheds will be con
structed and machine shops Installed. - ,
Buildings" of the North Pacific Coaft
Railroad'. Will Be 'Located .at ¦•:'•¦'.
"/ '¦'.¦.. ¦.-.¦¦"¦.,':..Thaf'Placel"- -: : -;s .; !:' 'X
CORTE : MADERA J IS : CHOSEN .
: AS SITE • FOB^ ¦ P0WEB ; HOUSE
~ "I • asked the .extent ' to which it: gave
aid .to .the insurrection,"- said" Senator
Beveridge. • •¦ .' '••¦;¦ ; '",.' • ¦¦ ;' ¦'•¦.".
."When the Senator; from Indiana," re
torted - Senator. Patterson, 'Jpropounded
'that question, it involved -.every Senator,
who is standing by what he i believes : to
be, simple justice to Cthe Filipinos. I do
not propose to be assailed' from behind" a
masked battery." r -V- ' . . ; ;
Senator": Allison thought: that where a
Senator's name was involved it gave ! him
the right : to ' come ' before "the commltteo
and defend himself and such references
should •' be excluded: r Senator - Carmack.
with much earnestness/said he wanted to
take his part of the responsibility for say-
Ing .that the war in ' the. Philippines L«?
Vutterly and-' absolutely -infamous I and
criminal: 'If any 'proof can be made that
I am inciting. Filipinos.- by such" speeches,"
said he, "I 'want it done.'! :¦ ¦;¦ : "•'. -."
¦After, some further discussion? Senator
Beveridge disclaimed. any intention to re
flect on any; Senator -and : withdrew . his
question. : '-¦'¦-. "._-;.-"." ••¦./->-'..' ; '-\'. : - • . -
v General 'Otis- concluded h|s testimony by
submitting pome comments on the memor
1nl of the Manila Cham her of Commerce.
Thecomm)t*'"> .tbPTiaflinurfied. • .. " v
General' Otis -. declared that ' he- did not
measure the capacity of . the Filipino peo
ple for self-government by- the. capacity
of* the people .of "the -United States and
characterized as unfair the effort of Sen
ator Patterson to get him to fix the stand
ard by, a comparison with other, people. .
;' A questlonby Senator Beveridge regard-
Ing the effect upon; the- Filipinos of liter
ature sent from the United States pre
cipitated 1 - a .'.lively discussion. General.
Otis* said' when Slabini was: brought in; he
had a' pile of New York papers with him
which had antagonized the sovereignty of
the United States in'the'Phillppines.r;--"
'• "Did-, he' have "any -of .Senator Hoar's
speeches?", inquired Senator Patterson; .
¦•.•"Oh; yes;' those, speeches.' were -all over
the. islands," replied the .witness. ;-;¦;' > ¦•
v Senator. Allison, who ' was '."In the chair,
said. he would exclude any allusion to Sen-'
ators' ¦ speeches." Senator Patterson inter
jected the remark .that . Senators ; should
not be attacked from masked batteries.
Objects -to Comparisons.
:". Senator Patterson asked If he considered
the : people of Mexico : qualified for , self
government, to ; which - Senator- BeverJdge
objected; but before. the chairman could
decide "the point 'General Otis said he de
clined to -answer. • Senator Patterson re
marked that he had no means of- forcing
a reply "at present." ,. '..
¦"' "What j kind .pf \ a '¦. government?"- '.asked
General. Otis. ' "Do. you mean 1 despotic
government?".-' ¦¦ *:'¦;. '¦: ••¦'. •/'• . -¦* • ' • •
"No, self-government," '¦;'¦ was-
Patterson's response.. . • ' . '. - .. *
.^ General Otis- . said '• they ¦ -were" ' perfectly
qualified. for^a despotic military govern
ment. '¦;¦'•" :-..";'" '-\:S; , :'}:'¦' ¦.¦¦¦¦ '¦-¦¦ :-;;¦•«¦/¦
"I : wanted • to .conquer . .by peaceable
means.'Vsaid he, "but.Igave th© impres-
Bion that there were. troops waiting.".;
¦ General-Otis said; answering; ail' intfuiry
by : Senator Hale, ' that had the Govern
ment- taken 'him:- at -'his word; not to send
more troops: anarchy i would, have reigned
throughout .the islands, s He thought that
his- letter: should be considered as a whole.
' VThat was- a period when I was laboring
hard,"! said. he, "to..keep .the -peace," and
to keep , our men* and oilicers from- paying'
attention*, to : the Insults received from
Philippine officers and ¦ insurgents." •.•:.;
/'Answering Senator: Patterson, General
Otis said the commission of which General
Hughes was a * member" had stated to ; rep
resentatives of "Aguinaldo that no -con
cessions, could:- be made without -the sacri
flce'rof some . of the. attributes of sov
ereignty. -.:General Otis declared' that, the
Filipinos have np . -correct idea of liberty.
, :; '!LJberty ¦¦;.. -with ¦¦¦¦. them>" " said : he,v."l3
license." •" ¦" \.r. -Ir.'- ' r- . •>-?-•:>¦;. ;: -¦'. -.•
' .'.'Buf what is your- standard of qualifi
cation for- self-government?"- asked Sen
ator Patterson.' :.•:;¦.*,..- '.¦-'.- '•..-.; "';. ,
-* Uerierai-Otis-.deciared iha'f this>reia.ted
,to tiieir dealings viua ihe bpaniarpa. tie
admitted, umuoeiore -tne • umted states
army; arrivea' in Manila>and for some lit
tle ¦, time • betore . they tboit .'possession "tne
insurgents "had the Spaniards Gemmed 1 in
in Manila. Jtie..deniea • that ne led Aguin-:
aldo to v believe : tnat tne '» ."United j Spates
', would -not ; assume V absolute sovereignty
1 and "governmental " control-: over the isl
ands. .Asked what he meant- by the staie
¦ment in ma f letter that '-rather: than see
¦ the ships ~ pf the United States viiavy con
\trol"the navigaole • waters of thes^ islands
;and 'its "army devastating 'their territory'
lgreatly prefer -to advise my Government
j not to -send any more iiere;'.',- Gen
eral. Otis, -answered that that was his
-opinion because he did not ¦: want to see
,any war.; .. .;¦ ; • .' • .; ¦¦' /-.V". ¦-. /;¦:"..-¦
.: ¦ : ¦•'¦¦•' '.; Otis- Preferred .Peace;.".; :
- WASHINGTON, H, March- ; 20.— General
.Otis to-day : resurhed^hls: testimony Vbeiore
the. Senate Philippine Committee. V- Beriatbr
l^atterson rcontlnued his questioning I and
referred .to . a : letter /dated ; SeptemDer s,
lobbti audresaed; by;*Geherai . OjUaVto.''Aguin
aidd," as "the .tomrUahcluig generai'.'cif tiie
lorcea,'.. in /vyrucu ne BjJoKe.' oi
tnejbacnhces made, oy^tne- revolutionary
ioi'cea .-'•in uie interest ~o£ civil-iioecty.-' •
Reference ¦;. to Speeches ; of
v^Senators Causes a fLiyBl5^.v
:r^-;^v ; -: Debate. - : .\"\ V 'i - : (-'y' •
Gerieral Otis 'Says That
; 5Th^;;HaW;!^^^idea^
* '";. ', of Freedom.. ¦' *
FILIPINOS NEED
MILITARY RULE
THE'^. ; SAN":v^Ri^GI«Cp^^.;eALL;^FRIi3AY^
13
•=:•'.;' ¦¦¦ :..- : • • :¦-• -.¦ . .' . •• ¦•¦¦-,•' t : .-- ?:-
ROO3IS TO LET— Farni and Unfnrn.
ELLIS. " 321 (Mozart)— Nicely ' furnished ' rooms, .
•"5c. $1 50 night; $1 5O.'$O wk.; open all nights
FULTON,' lio — Sunny furnished -room; jcheap.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
, ¦ ed suites and single; ¦travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,.; 1404— Nicely furnished
¦ sunny rooms ; for. housekeeping; reasonable/
GRAND SOUTHERN , Hotel, 7th and Mission—
: Family house; those requiring a quiet/ orderly
¦ _¦ home at moderate charges; suit, single, elevat.
JESSIE, ; SC-Jk near Fifth ; and . Market— Fur-
. nlshed room; ?4 per month. . •• . '. • ¦•' . ,-.-¦,;
LARKIN. 81UV6— • Sunny fronjt room; gas, bath,
-phone; $7 per month ; gentleman; ,'.:.¦-
MARTINET, 1101 , Geary— Handsome suites;
private, baths; newly: furnished single rooms.
MASONVr' 5t)2 — Front sunny " -outside -'.rooms,'
¦ downtown. - $2 50 "a week. :'. . ¦¦:"¦. :,"--.' t :;
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
* nighed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.'
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny ; furnished rooms and
offices; elevator,: ejec. lights; day. week; mo.
PERRY, 111— Rent $C; fine ' double . furnished
room; private. . --../.-':.• .'•* .
POLK, 1539— Parties looklns for extra nice
¦ .rooms please call; 'Amerlcaji. family. ¦ .'.: . ; .;
ROYAL House, 126'. Ellls^-lncandescent • light,"
" reading-room, Bjnoklng-room and ladies' par-
; lor; rooms, per night, 35o to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month." $8 to $30; elevator on ground
'.- floor: rooms with hot. and- cold.. water f baths...
SHERMAN Apartment ' House, . 28 Eighth ;' si..
¦ near Market — Furnished .or ..unfurnished. : ¦
TEH AM A, 331,-2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let;- also housekeeping rooms. : - ..' .. ' ' ¦
TURK. 20TT-Large : front .parlor, suitable for
; doctor or -dentist; telephone,' gas, -etc.;
TURK," 21CM-Sunny rooms for gentlemen; prl-"
vate family. " - '..... ,'%-. '.'..': -,
TURK, 543— Large front room; grate;" gas and
bath; housekeeping If. desired ; $15. ; " : .. '
Vendome, 1104 Market— Changed, hands; newly
" renovated; furn.. suites. -Mrs. V.- W. Miller."
ROOMSAXD BOAKD. ,
I CO-OPERATIVE homes. Nos. ' 2 and 3. for'
self -respecting, low-salaried | ¦ working , girl";
$2 50 p«-i- week; , board- and lodging; refer-
ences. Call at of address ;? MISS • FLORA
BOLLINGER. 645 Folsom st. -.*,..'- ¦¦
MEREDITH. 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hat and bold water; modern;
first-class board; reaspnible;phone South 829.
BOARD and room for. two gentlemen';- good
table and bath ; reasonable. • 1044 Ellis st. ' .'
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; -popular rates.
JOHNSON. The.. 605 . O'Farrell— Nice home;
. good table; spacious grounds; .rates moderate.
VAN NESS. 510— Handsome -furnished suViny
suites, • single rooms ; . first-class j table : board/
FULTON. 25— Room with or ' board
¦ for gentleman. ' ¦ ¦ . . • •' • • - *
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny front and back
gultes; excellent board; terms reasonable. •
ROOMS AND . BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN 'wishes board and room ;. central
¦ location. . Box 4375, Call office. ..'¦—.:¦¦
MARBIAGE . LICENSES/
•;»Th3 following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:. > .. ...,-. ¦ ," .•....¦¦.'..: .. -
Peter Moore. 37. city. -and Maggie B. Pen-
nycook.'Sl, city. ¦• • ' : ¦.'
John W. Pringie, 31, city, and Alice C.
Brown, 26, city. ; .--?;¦ . ¦ • .• ¦'¦•:.¦¦'¦'
' Hugh L. Jones, 30, city, -and Frieda "Duttke,
22,' city. - ¦ •' : . - . • . . -- . . ¦..-...¦¦:•-
• August L. Straus, 30, city, and. Selina Cip-
rlco, 30,. city.- • .'•-..: ¦-...
Gustaf W. nilman, 33, city, and Olga SaJin,
35, city.. • ¦ ¦ .; ' . ¦. : . ." ..'_...
Alexander W. Carrel. 37.' 74 Willow avenue,
and Alice A. Starrett, 22, 74 WJUow avenue. .
Thomas P. Manning, . 2S, 303 Dolores street,,
and May S. Lottman, 22, 020 York street.., 7...
Arthur Hardy, 43, 328 Munich . street. - and
Clara P. Lernould, 41, 328 Munich street.-
', George L. Stroecker, 30, 150 Laguna street,
and" Mary J. Hartman, 20. (507 Ellis street.-- -
. Marcus Lowenlhal, 32, Benstpn, Wash., and
Gpldie Katz, 23," .10t*8 Howard Rtreet.
Antonio ZaDnertinl,. 29, 14 Ohio place, and
De'ina Longinottl, 24, 142o" Kearny street. ¦ ¦- :
' Mark Emerson,. 21, -San .Gregorio, and Sarah
A. "Wilson, 21, Half moon Bay. ' ¦ r ... . '
Florence W. Earles, 25, Chester, N. ' Y., and
Ida Dorsey, 21, Nevada 'City. • . • . .' • :.:¦¦-.
Nicodemo Dito. 21, 17 Varennes' place, "> and
Jenla RIcca. 13. 17- Varennes place.. :/ : ....-:.-'¦
: BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES--PEATM
Birthi. macriaee and death notices,- sent by
mail' will not be inserted. They must be. handed
in at either ot 1 the publication offices and . be
Indorsed with' the name and residence of .per-"
eons authorized to have the same published.' ¦
, : , "• v ' - ...BoiMT. 5 ';¦.¦.¦ .¦¦:':¦ -.'-'
ADAMS— In thia city, March 13. 1002, to the
. wits' of George C. .Adams, a son.
BERGMAN— In this. city, to the wife of H. A.'
¦ Bergman, a daughter. .' ' :,¦ ¦¦ ; ••¦.' .¦¦• '
BUHLINGER— In this city, March : 18, 1902,
to the wife of George A. Buhilnger, ¦ a. daugh-
ter. ..-.. .;. .• -." " " .- ' ¦¦- "- .- ; •-. ' . ¦'.-,..
DOUGLAS— In Sausalito. March 3, 1902, to the
.wife of James C. . Douglas, : a' son. :• -
FAUSS — In this, city, March. 7, . 1002. to the
wife- of Gustave Fauss, a son. ' : .
PLATO— In this city, March 11/ 1902, to I the
wife of J. F. Plato, a eon. '. --•'.-, .'¦¦:, .-
.'. ¦' V,. '. : MAREIED. . ;;.' ' •¦'. ', .' .:.;-.'•
ANDERSONt-ORMEROD— In- this city." March
¦17, 1U02, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. An-
' drew C. Anderson and Alice Ormerpd.- ¦ ;'¦¦¦
COHN — BERG — In this city; March 16. 1902, .
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Milton . Colin and
Sophia Berg, . both of San Francisco.*;* . .. ¦
EMERSON— WILSON-^In this city, I March ' 20,
1902, : by r ' the Rev.. C. S. Morae. Dr. Mark
Emerson of- San . Gregrqrlo, ' Cal.,' and Sarah
Wilson of . Half moon : Bay. Cal. -\ . . .'
HENRY— LEVY — In this city, March 5, 1902/
by the Rev. M.' S. Levy v Henry S. Henry and
Bella Levy of New • York.' • •-.-.:.- -,;.-• •
MOSKOWITZ — FRIEDMAN — In this city
March 16, 1902, by the Rev. M. S. Lew!
Naftaly Moskowl tz - and . Rebecca Friedman,
both of Sah Francisco. ' ¦ '. ¦
SYLVESTER— SAMUELS— In thla city,'- March'
0, .1002, by the Rev. M. S." Levy, Charles B
Sylvester and, Emma Samuels, both of San
Franclsoo. ; ' ' . • ¦ ' .-. •-. . .
ZYSKIND— JACOBS— In this city; , March 9
1902, by the. Rev. M. S. Levy,' Barney Zys-
klnd and Rae Jacobs, both of San Fran-
cl&co. ¦'.•:..- '¦¦•¦-,¦' I '•¦¦'- .-'. ¦: -..- : - * -
'.\w\: -"r-piEp. .- .:-:-.;-; ¦¦>¦..'" ..-.¦
; Anderson, Gustave . ¦ : Mar. Wing On . '
-Boyle. Sarah ' -.'•¦. MorriEBey, Margaret
Brooks. Mrs. C. F. O'Connell. Catherine
Carrel, Henrietta Otis, John J. '•
Curtin, . Michael- J.' ' Ozanne, William '
Fitzgerald, Thomas Phillips, John . c
." Harris, Hon. Charles . Ridley, Ellen A. -
Harrison, Caroline Slevin, Agnes B. .
¦ Hermann, -'William" Smith. Mrs. Helen: -
' Jacobs," Nathan . : Smith, Mary A:
¦ ' Jennings, Barbara". Sotter, Robert F.! ¦•"
. Levy, Schewa K." • "Warren. Margaret
.McDermott, Mary A. Wolfarth, Margar- '
McDonald, John E. , ethe - : ..-••-
. Manuel.-. Annie R.[ :''- : n ' '
ANDERSON— In this city, March 19, 1902,
Gustave Adolph Anderson,' beloved • brother
:0f Mrs. ¦ Annie Hansen and the late 'Axel
' 'Anderson,- a. native of Gottenbure, Sweden,
aged 41 years 5 months and .24 days, v •. ..
. (EyFrlends -and acquaintances are respect-
fully" invited to attend the 'funeral, to-day'
: (Friday),- at 2 o'clock, . from his, late rest-'
dencey. 23 • Stanford street, oft Brannan, be-
tween Second 'and Thlrti. ' Interment • Mount
. Olivet ¦ Cemetery,' ¦ by 'electric funeral car.'-:
BOYLE— In Virginia City,.' Nev., March 19,
. 1902." Sarah, beloved wife of the late Colonel
' . E. D. Boyle, .daughter of Ellen ' and the' late
Thomas i Donahue, • and mother of : Emmet D.
-.'--and -Alec; M." Boyle," a nat'lve of San-Fran-
clsco. aged: 46. years and 1 day. ..; . ..-'
(CFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to. attend -the funeraj to-moirow-
(Saturday), at. 10 o'clock,, from %he parlorg
of J:C. O'Connor- & Co.., -767. Mission street.
. Interment ,' Holy Cross Cemetery,' ¦-¦ by • 11:30
, o'clock train from Third and ¦ Towh«en4 .
'streets.." ";. '.•¦- .-:..' V '..'. \:g'-' -.-
-BROOKS-^In this ' city, March : 19. ' 1902, i Mrs.
¦ • Catherine F. Broc-ks. . daughter of Jamej'Mc-
1 Carthy, :: and , mother ot-; Geneva, and
[ ¦¦:." John Brooki,, a native" of San Francisco,
'.aged 30 years 10 months, and 19 days:' ', ' ' .
V ••: •: (Cy-Thfe funeral .will/ take.' place -to-day
. (Friday)', at 10:15 o'clock, from' the parlors
'-of J.:C,' O'Connor & Co., -767 Mission' street,'.
• thence to: St; Patrick's Church ) for serviced
."at 1 : 10:30 ¦" o'clock. .: Interment '-.Holy.- Cross
". .: Cemetery .\" ¦- - ¦ ; •¦¦:"--•'¦.• •, : ;->'- : .' ,: ¦'¦_¦_¦..--;¦
1 CARREL— -In this - city, /March ' 19, ' 1902, ' Hen-
rietta .Carrel," dearly beloved ;vwife" of .-Alex-
| ander-M. Carrel, and: beloved slater of. Martin
Morris, -a native , of . San i Francisco,' aged : 34 '
years 7 months and 7 days..- . . . .', -¦ ;:-,;•
'j ¦ {ETFriends "and acquaintances "are ' respect-
i r f uily . Invited - to attend the . funeral- •' to-day'
(Friday).- at 2- o'clock; from' her. .late • resl-
• dence, 14 Willow ¦. avenue, . between iLarkin'
end- Polk '.. streets. • ; Cremation .1. O.'; O."F.-
:."•¦ Cemetery. '"- ; -. •••••¦.,." .-,,-. : - '-:¦, ••;'.••.,¦.
' CURTIN— In .'.this'; city, March 19,'- 1902, - Mlch-
' ' ael . ¦ J.f y dearly beloved - son '; of VDaniei>; and
• : Mary ' Curtin/ and loving brother- of • James,
¦' Frances- and : Theresa' ' Curtin,' ~ Mrs.' -\ M. ' E.
¦; Frank and Mrs. • F." O'Neill; 1 a native of San
-, Francisco.. .- . . ¦.:¦¦".;.¦-¦;..,:'.¦"¦..¦-..•.••:¦¦;.¦
•'¦:. tCTFrlends and acquaintances are- respectr
-fully "invited : to -attend -the • funeral 1 to-day '
'.' -(Friday), at-8:30-o ! clock,.from. the-resldence
": of - his , parents, * 52a • Jersey; street; 5 thence ': to -
.i St;> Paul's Church; ; where- a r requiem? high
-mass will be celebratsd'.for; the ) repose * of
„ his -soul; • commencing at/ 9 ¦o'clock.', Inter- .
' ment' Holy Cross Cemetery.'.. ¦-'- ¦;, '-,-:•';¦
FlTZGER ALD-^In * this '. clty.^j March " 20, > 1902,'
" Thomas,' 1 beloved -husband • of.- Johanrta' Fitz-'.
: ". Kera Id, . and ' f athw i of Thomas ; H. - and Agnes
'"- Fitzgerald, , Mrs P. V B.- Buckmlnster and Mrs/
•j_.;v-"":"- : :SAaWAY'-- : TEAVEL^ '; . .
;;'.;• •-..'.' .-»*N-. FIUSH'IWO.:.'-. • ' - ¦'
". . : ¦ .. (Main thw, Foos of Market S<reell.'.:' .;=.
tCATR V-— » vFBOM.FCBRCAJtT 9. 13CJ — T aKStTB
":OOa Benicla. S11I31111, £halia sod Saorv ;.'. V " ' .
• .¦.'.'.-.: . nieiiu>. .. *..•.. ,S..'. "...,.....;...„ 8:R-T>»
-7sOOa Vaoa»ille. WlotJri, Riiiubct... .'. 7s&3» •
«:3O4 Martinez. Sin H»»ion, ViUlejo. Stfjp»»-' '.-.'•- . ¦
. ¦ -V "• ; ». 1 »IUu.g*"iui«l H»i»t» Kuan. .'..-.;..'." ¦':.- «:X3» ¦
: »:O«>a Davi*. Wood!aii<). Kulgnta Landlas. ... -
¦¦-•--¦ -.- KluysTilie. Ornillla ......... 7ta-"»*
n.oe* ArtaiiO«.Kxpre«»— «s.l«i» aud Ka«5 ~ •*•*¦¦*»
.. • a> : w«>A Tiilea; Ij«(hr->p, Stockton.-'.."....:... . : ""»*«»
»j00iNii.-.\ Hfudota. Uanfurd. Viaili*;' •
_-¦- ' rottbrviilo "....' ;.-"*.; 4<.*»»
¦:3(t« Sln«Ja Kxprrn— D«ii«. Will Um» ( for - .
:. .. iBarUett Hiwimat;. WUJowv U»»- ' ;
-.-. liiiiff. Porti»«<l,. :..;:..-:. ;...•...- 7«»a»
•v ai.t»A KiiVi .lorn;, ' lii.ferninrR. Kkooklrm. •-¦" '.-.'•'¦
~ ¦¦: ¦ Hine. : Hncnniin»i(>. rUccr»ille. ." :'.-¦'¦ t -
M^n-»'ill«. Cbl»>. K»^ IHulf ...... ¦»:«!»
-K:3f>/t f>akilai>-.CI>iiie>tt.8iini>ra. fuoluian* ' 4-."45»
: tt:»OV Jliiyirnril. Nilta aud Way SUUuin.. 1 1 >.V1»
»:««a Valli-Jo.v...:.. ..;...:...........„-.. intir
V:(M>a Lofl ' Aii?sts3 Exiiress — Martinet. " ¦.'
' > Tracy, loitlirop. •Stockkou,' Merei-d • .¦ ' ' .
'..¦ Kro^nn «ml I^is AncBlea .......... 7:*)3a
»t«lu V,![,).,, Jrtarllii«x i»n.t Way SMUfrni ,li»J»
IDiDUl Tlin O«erUn4 Umlted— Ocden, L>«n-.-. ••¦• '¦
*er, OfMalio. (JMcng» .'............. »«S.1»
I tl:aor.<Ucrain«iil» Hirer Hta*in*n......... |ll:Ot»»
.- B.BOr Keulcta, Winters. fJnoraini-i.lo. V-. : .
¦'."• -.--,.*.-- Wui..tlaml. - KnlkhU lAUiliug, ¦- -.
' " ¦: • l Klaryavlllff. Orotllle.. ...;.. li»:3»» .
- I:30p IlajrtTuri!, Nil-sand Way StaUoo*.. TiSSf
' '4t«Ar Martliiw. Hi»u lUmou. Vallejo, '.'
: ¦"• ¦'.- ¦ 'N»t»%. Ci»1!<Si>k». Mmita ltn»»...i k . 9 21*
4«O»r Nila% Lltermore. Stockton. LrnU... I3.a.y»
4i:t'»p Harward. f+ileo. MaiiJoao, Lirprmoro »S;!»3* \
¦ «-.S»r Tim Owl ] amltml t- Ffmm,, laUro.
.. ¦ ritkeraflulii. Hanipia /or Saut* liar* .¦¦'¦-
- - - bnra. Ia>s Aiiurlea.. ............... *i33»
S>o«p Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton 1 »i23a
- Bioop M^rtfiifr., Antloch, Stockton,. lior-". '¦ v^*-
-. ced, Fresno.. ;........,. 'l*WtS».
. Hiottr Harwaid. Nile* and San Jet* 7i3.»*
t«:O«r Vallejo. ..................... ....v... 1I>*W«
• iOt»rOr!nntal . Mull— Ogden. D«nT»r.
Omaha. St Loufs, <;blo«go. ....... 4 1»3>
¦ Ti»Or Oregon aud Caiifnrnla Kii'fem.Hao- . " ¦;; -,-, ¦
', ritui*nti>. MarynriU*. Uwl.!Iii«, --
\ :.- -: ¦ l'ortlnmt. ritgat-rtwuiid anil East : »iSa*
; • Biflfir S*n Pablo, Port. Conta, MaiUaex "•*• •
¦<¦'• and W»y BUtlous Il>t3*
|8tO*lp VallBlo.............. ....;...:.. ?»a»f
COAST MNE (*1«rr«w UU|«). "
.' (Fcot yt M»rk»t SUeot-V ;•-..-•
t*«ln>* Neirart.tV 1 itertl!le,8anJ«)««,F«<lt«i). ...
i • VmilderCreak.HanUOrusaudWar- " ' - "
¦•> - autlonil. •«»•»
t»»lfl» Newark Cenlerillle. San .lose, Now I ' :¦;
'-.".': Alm*iieu, Fulton, itixiMor Oreei, '
: - BuitaOni. aad lrlacipU Wif •.-...'¦-
Stailona :................... -¦•tH*A
L -atl-lpNawark.Han Jo«o. Txndatos ... «»>••&
«».a»r Hunter»"Tr»lu-Ban Joia aad Way
••¦¦•¦' ataUona..... ......'..........: f73W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
front Sal mSCISCO— f mi oX HukU StXNt (Slip 8)—
¦ 11:18 »;0O 11;0Ca.m. 1:C3 »:03 - Hit.*.
frimOilUKa— rnt«'8rt»iw«j.— tii:00 Jd.00 t3:0*
lfcQ0«.il. "12:00 . 8:03 t:08r.H.'.V- - ¦ -
¦¦¦'.-: COA8T LINE (Ilroad Gaitgt).
¦ (Thl rtl und Tow nae.i.l Sta.) . I: ¦ ¦". .•¦:¦¦"
' O:l«A8aB Jose and Way MUtiona.. ....... •¦«»«
7:OOa Han Joaaaiitl Way dUUuus......... f9<««4
/7:«wa Naw Abiai'.im. /4llft#
¦:OOa Coast Line -limited — ffan Joae^ .-.; .
. < Gllroy, Uallnaa, Bar. Lola Obi»po,
Banta Barbara, I.oh Aneelcs aod ' : "'¦ -¦"•
: ¦' prindpal Intermediate atadooa^.. I O*4Sy .
•t««A Hhu Jute. Trea linos. Hatita «'nix. -
¦_ .. , . - paeiiie Ur«««, • Halioaa. Sad Lois ': ¦ '. . ;'*
" ' Obispo anil PrlndijaJ lutarmOdUt* '
' • . SUtluMS ... . «!*¦•»
' !Oi3«ASan Jcaaand Way SUtiooa... ....... " «:3«4
: IIiSOa Hhii .line him! Way SUtloii* ........ »;4«*
t3>4»p San Mateo. U«dwoo<l. Menla PaVk. ¦ ?
.-_¦.. 1'alo Alto. HiiuU Clara. H*n .>•»•«.
Trea Ptcoa. Santa Onix, Saliaas. " • • '
' - • " . .: Moularey ami Pacific GroY«.....» (t«t4S4 .
»:*tn r NunJiiii- and "Wiy HUtloiit.......... !>»¦>•
MxISr SanJowaml fTincipal Way KUttona , »!»•»
' 4i&0v Sarust IJmited— Mondays, W«dne». .. ¦
. . : days..Frid*j«. for Los Angeles, J3 ¦
¦ Pbdo. New Orleans and New York. ' . : ' "
' Antres Sundays. Tceadaja and- '
' Thursdays..; I«il3a
f*iOOr San Joim, Los Gates and Friucipal - - -
• WayStitionn... ,.,.. V»J«:O0%
Bt^Op'SanJoie and Principal Way .Stations Os3U»
I . SiXOp San ,1ns- ami W»y HUtUmi.. ..:...." ?>3«>
TiOOp -Ke-w Orleans Eiprens — Han Lois .? ;¦ .
Obispo. 8»>ita Barbara. Lo» A«- .-:
" ' gales. D-m»n»..lH Paso. New Or- ¦ -¦ '¦'.
lean* and EhM Ilt*M»
ftil«»p3aK Jns»»p.l Way SUtlons ?>»»¦
A for Moruing. ' _ . . P (<•* Aftercoon.
f Sunday exeepted. "*• . - t only. '
-Xl»»g»4»y pni»._ / Tuesdays aud TrUtjt^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. GO.
lessees ¦ .' ;i^;
SANKFRAHGISGO 1 AND, HOSH? PAGSF15
} RAfLWAV^COMPANY. ; ;
Tiburoh Ferry, FpotjOf Market St.
¦*•': '/•¦¦. San Francisco to San Rafoil. :.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, ff:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
. 3:30, 5:10. i8:3O pt m. Thufsdaya— Extr*
. trip. at 11:30 p. m." Saturdays — Extra trip*
" at 1 :5O Jl^O p. m. - " . ••"
! SUNDAYS— §:00. 0;30. 11:00 a. m.; X:30, 3:30^
.5:00. 6:20 p. n>-.. .
-'¦•¦'," San. Rafael to San Francisco. ..
WEEK : DAYS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20. U:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
¦ trips at 1:55 and 8:35 o. m. ¦ . .
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.;l:40. 3:40,
"5^8; 6:25 p. m. ¦-.-•. . .-'¦¦¦ . -¦ *- .
". : Leave V j In Effect f Arrive '¦
San Francisco. -|Al)f. 2S, 1901| San Francisco.
--•Week t Sun- ••|"' S-- • . I Sun- -: I ¦ Week
- Days. I days. : | Destination [ day^. . | Days.
.-7:30am 8:00am : Novato. 10;40am S:-rOain
.'.-"'3 :30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:23am
5:H">pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
¦•¦',••" " " I. Fulton. :. '¦ . .'
7:30am '¦-''¦ "Windsor. - • 10:23am
• - - . . 5:00pm Healdsburff, 10:40am
X ¦-,".*:: ''¦.;;¦' ¦'..¦.-% -Lytton.". • • •¦
. •. . ". " .-. Geyservllle,
.3:30pm 8:00am r-Cioverdale. 7:33pm 6:20pra
7:30am - 5:00pm ' -Hopland ¦ 10:40am l(W25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah ¦ 7:3&pm B":20pm.
-7:30am --*.'. ". ¦' ¦¦ • . ¦ 10:40am l6:23axn
'-".-¦ ;-'-: ¦ R:0Cam Guernevllle. 7:33pm -.
3:30pm 5:00pm "; .•"*-¦¦ '«-*: ;6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am •¦' Sonoma - 9:15am 8:40am
'-.- • ."••¦.-¦ ." ; --:r"- '••¦and-. ¦ ¦ •".- " ¦'¦*¦ ¦
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| •. ' '¦ ¦- |10:40am|10:25am
¦3 :30pm j 5:0Opra| Sebaatopol. | T:35pm[ 8:2Opm
: > Stages connect at Santa Rosa for .Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagirs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geyaers; at Hopland (or Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kels«yvllle, Carla-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah- for Vichy Sprtnss, Saratos*
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake.* "Witter
Springs, Upper-Lake.- Porno, • Potter Valley,
John-: Day's. s Riverside, L"erley*s, • Backnell'a.
Eanhedrln Heights. HuIlviHe.Orr's Hot Springs,
: Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usa:,
Willits. Laytonville* Cummins, Beirs Spring*,
Harris. Olsea'a, "Dyer, ..Scotia and Eureka. -
¦ .Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. _.-.-: .-.' •.'... .
On Sundays round- trip tickets to all points
beyond San R.-ifael" at half ratea . .-
• .Ticket - office, 650 Market street, - Chronlcla
building. -" ¦•'•=-•: ' • .- :. " ¦
H". C. WHITING. - •¦'•.-¦'•-¦ R. X. RTAN.
-• •:•¦¦•:¦- Gen. Manager,. -.: -Qcn. Paaa; Agt
:
'.'>'. '.Leave Market-street- Ferry Depot.
. -. : ;.;• •'- I Local | Llm'd | Ovrl'd Local
-•:;-: ¦.:.-. -¦¦';:'. -v j Daily j Daily Daily ©ally
Lv/ San Fran 7:20 a »:00a 8:0O p 4:20 p
Ar; Stockton". 1»:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1H p
'¦-. ".Merced:..- 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 9.
"Fresno... 2:08Pp 2;33p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" r Hanford.L 3:12p 3:27 p 8:05 af......;
»" Visalia.:. 3:39 p ..;.;.. 5:00 a .......
: "' Bakersfld. 6:15 p 8:2Op 7:45 a .......
•*• Kan; City. .;.r,.. 2:40a .7:3tf « .......
. ".Chicago. ........... 2:15 p »:00 pj.......
a. for; morning. • p for afternoon. ¦ ¦• ¦ -.-:-•'
9:0O a. m.-. train !s the California. Llm-
-ited. ¦ carrying . Palace ; Sleeping 4 Cars and
I DIntng Cars through ta Chicago. Chair Car
runs to BaJcersfleld for accommodation of
• local '¦> first-class passengers. -.' No ':• second-
-class tickets 4re honored- on this train. Cor-'
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
•.4;20--pv m;"ls Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrivea at 12:30
•p..m. 'dally. ..-•,¦¦¦.- *-:-, '»-v- , .. ¦
" ; 8-p. • m; 'is . the 'Ovprland Express., with
through Palace and Tourist. Sieejx»r»" and
•Free Reclining .Charr N Car» to Chicago; also
Palace - Sleeper. • whtcb cuts out at Fresna
Correspoiid"inff • train arrives: at 6:0u p. m.'
'eaily.--' v-:'.-':' '¦•;•'.. "¦ : -¦• '•',-','.> ....-, .-.:..
• y\.7:2O;a. m. ; is -Eakersfteld -Local, 'stopping
at all 'points- In 'San Joaquin.-ValWy. -Cor-
. responding train arrivea at S:4u *:-.m.-- dally. ¦
-V Offtcesh— 641 - Market street and' in - Ferry.
•Depot.;:" San. Francisco; .- 1112.: Broadway.
¦ Oakland. - -. v .'...¦" ;¦: ¦...':''.: »¦:->•-.•
aI)r.Gibbon 7 8pi|p??isary*
©15 1>. H EA nSTii ST* .jearablfahpd
lit J954 for t'uff treataii-nt «I I'rlvn.trt
DlM-swjr. UM U»nut»tt. DW»t:ky t^t.
(flwtt** vr»nrln««n bmtyantt mi»i»i »»i<i
Skin- Diaojist*. The DoctflrcnrcstThfii
others tali. .Try httn.'-fburges Jo*.
«'¦¦ ¦•«•« poaritBlrviL CuIIm wrii*
l>r. J. Jfc'. <>!Unu.K. ctaii franciaco. CaL . -
-Week' Sun-, r^-iu:',!-.,^-- Slin- fWeek"
9-30 A. h:(X>A. j^. -^Hfa u;^',. Ii0 1.00 p. Mi A,.
" . Firs. b»n Fmtwta-o If <<.iTiTrll aad tUnirn. $1 «>. . v
EHut OScu. CU ilAa-'Lti iTAEJi S mi SACaAUSQ RR&X *" ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAI3 lt\ILWAY
¦~-v."L<BavB'.'.-H .Via Sausalito Ferry -I > Arrive-.
'. San "Prarw. j Foot of Maiket St. { " San Fran.
"/ :';.;: i: .". T.'.vr. .".'.Tuesday, April , 18th, ,1903
£S.- NIPPON. MARU.: .*. Friday ,"> May 9th/ 1903.
,.'•!' Round-trip K tickets J ; at ': reduced .-: rates.c?- For
freight and, passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market 'street. -corner? First.' •.-¦."-.'-'. '
V • ¦ ; ? .- 'W.-H.rAVERY. 1 General Agent '
STEAMERS WILL" LEAVE: WHARF. COB-
Srier) First '¦and'.. Brannan, 'streets,' at 1 p. m.',
for YOKOHAMA and ¦ HONGKONG,^ calling: at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting ' at I Hongkong with steamers | for I India,
etc. ••¦No ¦ cargo received en -board -on day -ot
«allln».'-/S' : >-i'-.'.'."-" -¦-¦-:¦¦:. '.^.: '; ./¦•.'¦.:". ;
ss. - amkrica' maru: . : ... ....;.:.........-
¦ • .-. . ... . ;. . . . .-.-. . ; .Friday. March 21st. 1 1902
ES. HONGKONG : MARU. .. ......;. . ; .... ..; :
TOYO KISEN KAISHA^
OCEAN -I, TRAVEL!
NEW- \< YORK-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON. ?
Philad?l:;Mar.2«5, 10 ¦ am ,St. Louis .Apr; -9.1 10 am
Bt ; PauI.-ApT.'-'2,H0 am'Phtladel.'Apr.'lG, 10 am
'-¦;¦-.'¦ .--¦'aEt23i>--s t r,A.aEi i iji3j(rE!. : • :
:i. -' /NEWi YORK-^ANTWERP— PARIS.-.; :/"' v"
Haverford.Mar.26, noon; South wark: Apr.' 9, noon
Friesland. ."Apr."' 2, ¦ noon ; Vaferland.'Apr.'f lO.noon
;•» -.--¦ -INTERNATIONAL" NAVIGATION i. CO. . .-.--;
Chas." ' D. ' Taylor. . G. i. A. ;P, C, 30 . Montg'-my."
Pacific- G(^^Steairistiip G6.
SENATOR :•:. . :..* : . . . .". „ . ."* . ; ; . . ; . ; ; » JUNE t .
. STAf E OF CALIFORNIA.,". ;; .'.:%. ... JUNE 7.
• Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and' QUEEN,
leaving Ban Francisco 'May 26 and May 31, re- 1
spectlyely. ; connect ¦ with ¦ above, steapaers., ¦ The
new and elegraht steamships Senator and' State
' of i California : mn(Je reg^iter,- trips to Nome last
year, landing' all- passengers ¦ and ,f reight | with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply: Ticket ;' Office. i.-New lloatgomery st. •
(Palace Hotel). • :> < ..; •¦ • ; ,' -..;, . . .-• ¦ -.,.-..;
GOODALL.. PERKINS '& CO.". Genl. Ag«nts.N
"V,- • '".. ¦;;'¦• '-,.'10^ lIark'etst..;San Franclsoo. ¦•;.
. Only ?C0, Incliiding meala.and berth, for Jhe
round trip; on, board -the. Pacific Coast . Steam-
ship' Co.'s ."steamed 'CURACAO,'. leaving SAN-
FRANCISCO : APRIL 7th/, due' back April 27th,
rcalllng at ENSENA"DAj." MAGDALENA.BAY,
SAN -JOSE DOEL: CABO, MA55 ATL'AN, AL-
TATAi "LA..-. PAZ, ''¦ ¦ SANTA':-" ROSALrA and*
GUAYMAS, Mexico.". ..;.'- -•-¦;•. ¦-¦:,. - v " ;•'
¦ For I $20 additional . exeursJorilsts can. return
from'Guaymaa by i rail.; -For- further particu-
lars .inquire ;•¦ at- TICKET OFFICE. 4 :*. New
Montgomery ' street. • or -10\ Market -.street, San
Francisco. '.' :."•'•. ...,.:.'. '.; ¦ : - ; :".'.. *
yd;M;«^c6;: ;
.' . Only Stoam«liip Xiine *o -
-; ; '¦- PORTLANlo; vOr,i o
And Short TRall Lino from Piiptlajiid" to' all
¦points ¦ Ea«t.vvThp«afth'.Tick?t^. to n!l
:.; points, nil" ra»V or gteannhip and pall, a:
r •''•"'¦¦.' 'xuo'wjsiarp 'n_a.i*^E3s.". .- ; ¦¦ ¦
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BSKTd aad 'KiK1\
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.v.Mar. 24, April 3.13. 2-*S ¦
SS. • GEO.- W. ELDER Sails.:. , . . ... . . ; .•..'. . . '!
.. ; .-...."..-.;.i....Mar.- l 29.. April 8. »1!J,-'2S •
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.;" 11 a. .m.*
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Geh: ; Agt.. 1 Mpng'y, S. F. j
..;. -' ; -..;:.-^ ¦ V: ."'¦ :'.-"-..='..v\-C'-"'U.-"-: ¦-':-¦- .'' j
Wfc..- NQMjE
l^^^'SAJLiNCS/:
."'."•: \W*^&r*yZ^: '¦'. THE -FIKST; CLAS3 . '¦
' "-"YlV - ." WILL? :^A1L\*FOK- .
Leaving San Francisco.. .'.', ; : . . .', . .- . .April 19th
Leaving Seattle . . . . ;;; . Ti . . '.'; . v ; . . : , ..', April 26th
(Stopping ; at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
-¦¦' : For -Freight" and Passage "Apply to' ¦' .
NORTHERN:; COMMEROWLU CO.y
¦ '"."-:¦ ?• <H5 Market- st.; San-'FranclscoJ-*, ./
Or EMPIRE . TRANSPORT ATJok Vc6. , -Pnget
;..:. 1 : ¦ ;. Sound , Agent;* Seattle, --. - : •
.To Valparaiso;-:, 'stopping 1/. at Mexican,' Central
and- South American jports;./. Sanlpg.froin How-
ard 3, 'pier -10, 12 m.. 7" >v ., ; ", - '"•-'¦ . .
COLOMBIA I .March 29liG*UATEMA.LA''lApT. —
TUCAPEL '. . .; April 19 A. STEAMER : •
.: These steamers 'are -built" expressly for. Cen-
tral and. South -American "passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.)" : Freight and
passenger ' office; 316- California --street.-- --¦•¦ ¦ ¦
? BALFOUK, GUTHRIE & CO.; Genw Agentg.
SS. AUSTRALIA..- for. Tahiti. :..:..'. '.Y.V.:;'.- -
..... '.;:.. '..Saturday,' March 29. 10 a. m.
SSt ALAMEDA.-.fOr- Honolulu ...... ..-;;; .;.^-»r.
i ...... -'.°.'1.V. i-...".SatnrdMy. March 29,-2'p.m,-
SS. SIERRA. ' f or'-Honolulu, ;-" Samoa, •• Auck-
land and Sydney.. -.Thuis., April 10,' 10 a. ta.
I. D. SPRECKELS k B50S. CO, ; : General Jits. ,329 Vxttst
Gen'l Pass. Officer 643 Market : siy Pier "in. 7. Pacific St..
TO NEW^YORXfyiASPANAMA DIRECT.
'• Cabin, :$io&;- Steerage, fioVileals Free.-/;;'
S. S.' Leelonaw; tails Friday, ' : '._ .. Alar.- 28
S. S; Ar&yiyj,,^~Gaila Friday. v May U
From HoVard-street Wharf ; Pier 10, at' 2 p. m.
Freight' and Passenger Office. " 330 Market st.
':.,.-. F. F- '-' CONNOR. -Paciflo . Coast Agent. ..':,
. COMP AGRIE "<. : eEHIBALE '.X TB AS SATLAHTIQIJi!
DIRECT.; LINE TQ HAVRE-PARIS. . ,t^_.^
Sailing :every Thursday, -Instead of ¦a^KjSi
Saturday, at 10 a.-m., from pier. 42. »i>ii)lir*aalil*l
North •River,- foot .ot- Morton street. "¦ ¦••-. ¦ ''-;•¦
; .- First- class toJIavre. $70 and upward. Secoml
class ; to Havre, " (45 and " Upward: - GENERAL
AGENCY ; FOR 'UNITED-- STATES and CAN-
ADA, -. 32 ,' Broadway (Hudson ..building). New*
York. J.iF.j FUGA23 &-.CO., 2 Pacific v Coast
Agents, -5 Montgomery avenue. "San Francisco.
Tickets ," sold .', by . all - Railroad ¦ Ticket Agepta.
iAYi A Ain> ; ;KRiyER"i; Steamers:
;>Steaw^GEl|: : ;FRISBIE%/M0imCELlO^
¦ -9:.45 a^ mi.' 3 i 15 .'and: 8:30 p.'. m.V, except -Sun-
day .:- Sunday.; 9:45 aV- m., 8:30 p.'m.~. Leaves
Vallejo ¦ 7 ' a.: m.,\ 12 :30 • noon. ' 6 . p." m.'. except
Sunda'y:-/- Sunday /7 .-a.'>]tn.V4:15 p. m. • Fare 30
cents-. ¦¦:."• Telephone Main 1508. -Landing and
office/' p|«r- 2. v Mission-street dock. HATCH
-BROS.'.'>.v*>':X--- '.••-.:""¦-"••"¦'.•-¦''¦•--'• ¦ •':-.¦:;:'. ¦¦ - : ¦
.-. '._"..", .-;.";:/ ;.« : -",y l a Sausalito 'Ferry ; -. .. .•;.;
.' -»V : .'-'>Com'menciDff 'September. 20.'-. lOOll • • '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILI/ VALLEY
¦¦; . ¦?&- .-:¦¦ •'.' * 'AND/ SAN ' RAFAEL; - . ¦ : - .
¦ WEEK DAYS— 6:55.-S:3W,..»9:3'>. lltoa.a. m.V
•l:45,V3:15,"i4:15' 5:15,;*H>:15, 6:45p. m.
:: BXTKA*-*-*ERIPSi-rFcr.':MUl . Valtey .' and San-
"Rafstl ch' Mondays, ."Wednesdays. and'Saturdayu
at 9:30 and>ll:40 p.m. -.;:.¦•" .- -• -.-N-- -,•¦.."
— " BTJNDAT&t"8 :OO. < 9 :00. >10 :00. . *11 :30 a. m.;
*1:I5,",3;15.5 ?i:45, \U:30,: 0:30 p. m. ¦
: • Trains mirkedf (*3 rnrt.toSan Quentlm
FROM- SANj'KAFAEL TO : SAN . FRANCISCO.
v. ' WE6K-DAYS^.»5 :25,-: 6 :27. ; 7 :45. 8 :35, ' 10: 15 f
a; m.;-»12:25, ; -2:15;*3:35,-4:40..5:30 p. m, •
• :. EXTRA "TRIPS -on ; t Mondays,
ami- Saturdays - at s 6 :4*>* and - it :|5{> p." m> .' r- - "'¦ ." r
s» SUNDAY3-i-6il5; ¦ *S :00,\?1.0 f :00, . »11 :45 . a. m. ; s
¦•l:4O,"*3:15,'*:-*5» : -*6r30'p.-m. . ...
• :•- Trains marked .(•>". start ; from . San " Quentln.- -'-
from ; Mill valley, to san francisco. ¦
- -'WEEK."DAYSr-5-.45,;K.45, .7:53, :8:55.-' 10:30
a.;m., 12-35.-.a:45,:3:'5f>,;5:l,0.p. m: '. . .'. \ ; ;
¦ ¦ ; EXTRAS TRIPS '• .'on ; Mondays, . " Wednesdays
and ; Saturdays : at^7:10 and '.10:33 p. m. • ,
• SUNJjAYS-rS:©?,;' lO;O5*-a.- m.", 12:05, : 2:l5$,
3:30,' 5:00/ 6:45.D.'m.'-. • '- * . .'.- ' .
¦ . ; . ' .THROUGHJTRAINS. •
-. 6:55 ? a." ; m. ¦ -weeft idays— <*azadero" and yray
stations.?.;-^';': . : :' v? -- ; ',-*".-*•'' '¦•¦ . •'¦' • ¦
v,l;45;p.' m. . SatUrdayaK-Duncan Mills and'way -
.stations.-. '¦'¦; ¦•'¦;•'.:.¦ "¦•"¦.¦'.•':.-'.•>.¦ .'¦»*,"'> c <- V . " ; '-'¦'
, - ;S :Q0 a." m.' - Sundays-^-Duncan Mills . and . way;'
stations.^* ~ : '- ". ¦'•"¦i;.' • •=' -*r/"<-'* _• :- . ¦ -.'--. '
' ! ..Fairfax, v.'Sundays~--S:0O i ; 9:00. 10:00, .11:30
a., m. :':-*¦¦:'•'¦".•'"<•:.¦;¦ ; r"- J-"*.:--"-^-''.-"""-""- '¦•¦' •''* ;"¦'•'
:.'¦ Legal-. Holl-Jay; boats and strains -will "run -on
Sunday >-'.'¦ •'.';";'¦¦*. • ¦-.¦ " -\
miscklu.Vneous— for sale.
BOILERS, engines, id-hand machinery. McIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 105-187 Fremont sU ¦
Is H. P. MARINE (Scotch) boiler. ...:.... $100
* H." P. nianiiie engine (steani) $75
*> H. P. boiler and steam pir*mp. . 1 .. ;". ..$1.00
« H. P. boiler and duplex pump... ... ....$75
Sparking dynamos fcr gas engines. $10
All. Bire pipe cheap; all elxe belting, 1 in. to
In. wide. H. S. WHITE. . 130-132 Beale.
A — BUTS. «ells or rents gear, machinery.- en- .
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting. . pulleys, -
etc. W'HITELAW. 253-255 Spear Et.
BAR fixtures- big stock; installments: billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Bruruiwick-Balke-Coliender Co.. C52 Mission.
915 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; 0 drawers;
attachments;- good crder. 1571 Market str,
near Twelfth. .
A— $3 50 DF.RBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
Ur Price Hatt^ra. 330 Kearny St.. near Pine."
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. J2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery gt.
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $13. '. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st. .. . : •
THE firm cf Uncle Harris has retired from
business. *"• . . •
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged." half
price. 5t>3 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bicycle, with coaster brake and lamp;
also house furniture; cheap. 874 Howard st.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap and
rooms to let. 624 Capp Bt. . '
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. S19 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. <Z~''.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
NEW home and Domestic . sewing machine;
rood order; complete ;¦ cheap. 1915 Mission.'
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK..39C Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. l*a Beale et.
SAFES— New and second-hana. THE HEIl-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the'
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . ' "¦¦ -
BIISCELLAXEbuS WAXTS.
TIMBER wanted— A tract of saw Umber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
will pay stumpaee or saw by contract. . Ad-
dress box 4484. Call office.
WILL ray cash and good prices for old seal-
Bfctss; addr?£S at once; will cai! anywhere
within 25 miles cf city. Box 3276. Call office.
EIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents* -
full drese end Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S4. . j
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes. In
any condition. Farasworth El.Wks..418 Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical roods. ISt 3th xt. : tel. Jessie 2K51.
OFFICES AAD STORES TO LET.
Large store with baset.. front. Clay-Merchant,
above Montgomery: lease. Keys 636 Clay.r.L
OIL.
FOR sale or exchanpe — Oil stock; best district;
psid capital $1,000,000; non-assessable. Ad-
dress box 437;>. Call office. ' -
OIL tank*. 2r.d-ha.nd. In pocd order; -all elzes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. lSg-132 Beale st.
PAIATEUS AND DECOR ATOKS.
FIRST-CLASS work: low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMfSTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE. eclentific business palmist,
parlors ll*£ and 15, The Vendome. 1101 Mar-
ket st. ; hours from 9 a. m.- to 10 p. m.
ilME. G. L. NEERGAAJID reads 1 to i 700
¦Post St., corner of Jones: phone Polk- 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, ecien}.inc palmist. 515
Taylor »t.. bet. Geary and Post :tel.Black 561.
PEKSOXALS.
AN elegant line of remnants for. suits to order, 1
$15; with these suits we make an extra' pair]
of pants free of charge; other suits on .install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth. . - - . ¦
WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
and shingle business with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete shingle and finishing
plant on Humboldt . Bay. Address . if. H.
PINE. Eureka.* Cal. ' . .;¦-
tvht fruesrr ~ Ton -ran* "be certain" of Btyle and-
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office, 1C21 Market, nr.6th.
ELECTRIC Itefat in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ku, near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; fl 50 to $6 per week;
.free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
COMPARE my switches v.:th othere; I only
k?ep the best; hair for fl 50, $2. $3; hair
dretsir-K, 25c; shampooing. 50c; hair dried In
10 minutes. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton Bt.
A — WHAT do you think? O. . BERMAN, 48 ;
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; SI each; '
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns. ¦
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, • silver,
diamor.ds i*arl!« and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et. ._
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
nr double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1G10-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and. superfluous j
hair; "permanent; painless; free, treatment; ;
v.-ork guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley, 1702 Mkt.
A schocl to learn hairdressing. hair work, man-
icuring Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 Market,
bet. Polk and Van Netss. MISS A. V. DOYLE/ ;
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', I London •
tailor. 721 Market Et.
SUPEHFLUOrs hair and moles destroyed with '
r-lectric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter et. 1
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on ]
X Dr.G.8.Moore.G32O'Farrell; send for circular. ;
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10 <
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.|
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair '•
& moles destroye/i. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter. j
¦ . i
Mr*. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed.;
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. .West 239. ;
McDOWELL millinery opening reception Tues., j
March IS to 22; hrs. 9 to 5. 1019 Market et. j
MEN getting shaved without soap for 15c at i
Russ House Barber Shop, '217 Montgomery st.
Masquerade coEtumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders."
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
' treatment for rheumati*m,etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric nee<lle.Dr.&Mrs.Traver£e,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS .Egyptian H^nna; restore* ,OT"ay
hair to its natural color; ?1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPiTcURE
instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists. .
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;'
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE *uit*. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50*.
- Misfit Clothingr Parior, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure,' 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada, one year for $L
I l>osta*re paid. « '. , •
rHVsiciAXs Axb scacEoxa.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Prs. Forden & Porterfleld. « Turk.
A — DR. OLIVE GRCVER, lady physician and 1
eurgeon, at 1122 Market et.; "hours 10 to 8.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNEtL — Office and residence",
1021 H Market Et., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SPECIAL "VOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.'. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. S580."
SEW1XC MACHU'ES AJW'D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bougiit, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; :owegt rates Tel, Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE ASH WAKEHOUSKS, - "
I'lERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Movins^S^
office Post and Powell ets.; tel. Main 5713.; •
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, BIO Mts-
eion et.; tel. Howard 041, F.W.ZEHFUSS;
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates. ,, '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. -2320- fill more ft.: phone Jackson CSJ.
TVPiittKITKKS AXl> SfjT'X > LlK>. '
GREAtTbARGAIKS IN TYPE^W-fEftS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. .The Typewriter
Exchange, 53(i California; telephone Main '2W.
WEBSTER Typewriter • Inspection Co. — Expert ]
type writer dectors; estimate free. 209 Sa nsome. ]
Steamship : : Co^
' jL : . ' -i- •'¦•: \";Vs?' .' ' Steainers 5' leave '- Broadway.
' p®»*^' ¦•'«¦-'"'-•'¦• ' •'Wl-.arf,- San* Francisco:
f^SSji. J ; .V---i-.F<)r.r, Ketchikan. •¦•Juneau.
:' ttSis*^!)^'- -¦ "Skagway, 'etc.,' .Alaska—U
i V -''«-m" ; Mai-ch 7. 12. 17. 22.2..
j I^K^Up •: April ¦ 1. . Change to - com-
' KW^T i^l«^a3 " pany's steamers at Seattle.
i r**fE£!ss8&\- - -For--- V-fctorla. : Vancouver,
'.-'¦•' ¦"- Fort ;.Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
"i"*: '•» .v-.--' : -^*^B8i; coma. ¦-¦ Everett. -New ' what-
Cornell ai Xtt.7 March T^ 12. :17. 22. 27. April 1.
Change . at ' Seattle to - this company" s steamers
for Aiaska "and I ; G. /.N.- Ry. :.- at Seattle.: « Ta-
coma to N. P.~By; atVancouver to C. P. Ry.
: For ' Eureka-: • <Humboldt • Bay)— 1 :30 p. . m.,
March .8, 13; 1?.. 1S3, 28^ April 2. ¦ - -"-; ¦£
* For ¦ San Diego.; stopping .-.toly at Santa.
Barbara. -Port ¦ Los >. ."Angeles •¦ and-: Redondo
(Lcs- - Angeles)-^Spokane. » Sundays, ,0 a. m. .
State : of . California,- "Wednesdays.: 9 a. m.^ .
: For i Los -Angeles.;:: calling:, at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. SantStmeon.: Cayucos.- Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo); ' Santa .Barbara. Ventura,
• Hueneme. East / Sao tPedro. •? : San v Pedro • and
?Newport- (*Bonltaonly).* ¦-¦> ¦¦¦¦: v^ •.'.-''.¦ ¦ " '_.•;•'
" Bonlta. 9 a. m.i- March" 7' 15. 23. 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, a a. m.; March' 19, 27, April 4. •
• For Ensenada. " Magd^lena Bay. San Jos* del
Cnbo: Mazatlan.fAltavav Xm. Pa«. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas:(Mex.)— 10 ia."?m., 7tb of «acli
month. :.= -.;: ;V-<: ••>*'¦;.• -•':~-'.= :^'-'C : • .' "- ' •'" ' •
- .For . further Jinformatipn obtain^ folder. : ¦ ¦
. Right fs reserved to , change ... steamers or
calling. dates.-- '-k-- 1 -".- ' >/j -'• - -.; > ' ¦ -.
. > TICKET v OFE'XC^-^ Weir: Montgomery
.street- «Palace'HoteT>. . •• " ¦¦;.' ••" { . '- .'
GOOD ALL, , PERKiNS *& .CO.. ¦ Gen." Agents,
.v", V •/; 10 Market st.." San Francisco.
.R.'P. Nelson, a- native. o£ , County^Tipperary,
• ¦Ireland;" ajed -72 years.'. "-. : - ',-:: :.¦'.¦•.'
' -':": (C?"Friend3 are respectfully Invited -to -atr
tend the , funeral: to-morrow j; (Saturday), "at 9
¦o'clopk,' from -his. late 1 residence,- 1010^4 >,L'ar- ;
¦ kin: street,- thence to St. -Mary's - : Cathedral^
•'¦' where a requiem .'mass will, be -celebrated- for
¦ 'the ¦ repose of his : spul ~. at .. 0 :3Ck : o' clbcK. '< In -
1 " terment . Holy.' Cross ; Cemetery. : ; ¦¦¦:^ i :\ •.-:•..-,/•
HARRIS— In ; tl:is city, ; March '.17, -1002, ' lior.. :
r. Charles North.^Harris,; a native;, of ; .'New-
• York,", aged 02 : years ' 0 i months*' and : 14 ' days.
- A member of Lincoln Post : No. ; i; G. .'A. . R!.
: C?Reniains at.the' parlors: of Porter: &.
.' White. 122 Eddy street.; -. '.' :; ;'._ •".: :-;.-¦ .:,¦-•¦, '.'[ :-
HARRISON-^In Hhis : city, '•: March ¦ 19,.'i 1902/
- Caroline ¦ A..; beloved ~ wifa ?: of \ .Wllliam';H:
• Harrison," -and --devoted :> mother :< of '-•¦: Myrtle
. ' Harrison, . and" devoted "sister, of.- Jennie ¦ and
Gertrude Butter.; a native 'of- San. Francisco ."
aged 28 'years- 1 month- and. 4. days.'-" ; y • ¦:
Allls "dark within our '.dwelling; .:,' ,.-:;¦ .'
• Tv-.- r Lonely . are our hearts s to-day, ~S.il ' '• ' - : ¦
;'-" %For-the one, we loved . so'r dearly ¦; . - : •' :
Has .forever, parsed , away. jv>. f: - ; ; :.-.'
E3""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend thcfuneral Saturday,'
March 22.. at !) o'clock, frorn^ her lats real- .
\ dence," 21 : Zpe t street," '.. thehce , to .. St; , Rose's
\Church, where a solemn .requiem, high" mass
; will be celebrated for the repoigeof her soul,
commencing at 9:15 o'clock. ; Interment -Holy-
~ ¦ Cross : Cemetery. ' '. - r ,-'. •" .'¦ .: • :VV: : '; :.j -.,. '.':.-'
HERMANN— In -- Alexander . Valley, •¦: Sonoma
County, , March IS. - 1902, . William Hermann,'
brother of Mrs. Bernard i Pqy ton; S Henry »P.
' '. Trlcou, ; Mrs. -, Alice Palmer ; and : James Her.-"
•¦/mahn, a native of .New. La. - ',¦';.
JACOBS^-In , this" city, ; March :. 19,- 1902, - at hia ;
' ; residence, 1 . 320 Haight .¦'.street,' 'Nathan, . be-.
" loved -husband of Delia Jacobs. '<ne6 . Hehne- :
berry), and- father 'of Will; Jacobs, .'-: a native
. cf I Sacramento, - aged 44 , years ¦ and 9. months.
A 'member of -San Francisco . Lodge -. Nq. -.'3,-
B. P.. O. Elks; P. C. C. T." Association; 1 and
Golden- Gate . Council, U.\.C.-.-T;:;-. :..,.¦"¦ ... ;;" v.-
- CT" Friends and acquaintances • are ¦ respect-
- fully invited to attend'the funeral' Saturday,
at 2 o'clock,' fronr Elks'-, Hall,;' 223 Sutter
¦ street.' Funeral under, the: auspices ' of :. Sah
Francisco Lodce- No. 3, B. P. O." Elks. In-
terment private. ¦•¦ .',:..-_ ;v -.•.;.;_.-.•-.
JENNINGS-rln this city, '¦March: 18,' 1902, ' 'Bar-" •
. bara, . beloved wife of , John Jennings, ". dearly,
• beloved mother of Peter and Mamie and. the'
late -John • Jennings, and -siister of Mrs.'-' B.'-
O'Donnell, a native of Ireland,' aged 67 years.
C?"Ff lends and ; acquaintances are 'respect-.
fully invited" to attend.: the funeral ; to-day !
.. (Friday), at. S:30 o'clock. > from '-her . late resi--.
dence, 453 Harriet street, -off Brannan, thence .
to St, Rose's Church, where, a requiem hig^.
.mass will be celebrated for the repose of her;
soul," commencing- at 9. o'clock.'- Interment
' ¦¦ Holy -Cross Cemetery.., •¦•¦-.•¦ :, '. :¦
LEVY-^-In this. city. " March : 20, . 1902," at 6;20
r' p. m.; Schewa Levy, -beloved wife of H.'-M. .
Levy, and mother, of Mrs. Sol-Loeb,' a native
of Westphalia, aged 69 years 1 month and 17
days. .•¦•."¦-.."¦ ;'¦¦ . -••'7. •.-...¦•:¦_-¦.*.•¦¦;:.;. .'..¦¦..--.
. "• . (C^Notlce of- funeral - hereafter." ,.:..-."¦ :
McDERMOTT— In this city, 1 . March ; ' 19/ 1902,
' 'j Mary A: . J., beloved wife, : of -Michael Mcv.
:*Dermott, and grandmother of William Frank,/
Mrs. Mary. Wagoner and Mrs. Rose McDer-
" mott, a. native -of Germany, .'aged .-82 years.
.L and 3 months. ..-''•'., '¦-.¦'':"''¦::'¦':•.:.¦•. --:.- :v ."-:
' . lC?"Friends and acquaintances, are respeV-
£ fully invited -to attend the funeral', to-mprro^-
j (Saturdaj), at 8:15. o'clock, from V her. late
residence, 520 Clipper ; street,? between-. . DIa- !
mond and Douglass,, thence ; to ;St.- Paul's
: Church, .where a requiem high •mass jwlllibe
1 celebrated • for the : repose . of. her soul, com- '
mencirs'at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
: Cemetery.' : - -•' '¦"¦:¦' : . -•'-"¦¦•^¦.- V -.¦'•'-. : '-.; "' : : ¦'• •¦
McDONALD — In this city, " March , 19,' \ 1902,
j John .Edward, ' beloved j son of' • James " and
¦ Mary McDonald, beloved husband of Hannah'
¦ - - and father of Lottie, : Edward : and ' Berpard
McDonald, and .brother -of . Mrs.- G'.- McNer-
¦ ney, Mrs. T. Sullivan, Mrs;:W.-WhQrff, Mrs.
. . A. 1. McGuire and : Bernard, James and ¦ Joseph
f McDonald, a native of San Francisco, -aged
1 S5 years and 2 months." -;.¦¦¦':•:..•>¦:¦.- ..
. :. ff^Friends and acquaintances are respectr ;
..fully invited', to attend the 'funeral Saturday,
l at. 9:45 o'clock, from his' late residence.- -30
• Bruce place, thence i.to. St. Joseph's : Church
for^ services. "¦ Interment; Holy .Cross ; Ceme- -
tery.' • • "• '¦¦'-¦ ",'. -^ ,-v - ¦•¦; ; , -•:¦-"•.. '¦¦:¦.¦/¦¦:'-':¦'':' '.
MANUEL— In this" city, March 19, 1902,-. Annie
; Richards, beloved wife of'. Ambrose Manuel.
•" and mother of Mrs:. Henry, Stuck- of ' Ldn--
• don, England! ,'a native, of ,'. Hall, Cornwall,
".: England, • aged -72 years.' ,-'.'.; - ¦•; '¦:/¦•
./ (ETFrlends and acquaintancesvare. respect-
f ully.: invited - to ¦ attend ' the funeral services
. to-day- (Friday), at 2:30 o"clock,- at her late
residence, 2931 Lagruna' .street. '-Interment
-.'. -Laurel*. Hill -Cemetery.-".-: ¦;. \l '. .. :-^.:
MAR WING ON— In this city, March 20, -1902,
Mar Wing. On,* a . native • of. Sah . Francisco,
S aged 2 years. 1- month- and 17- daya. "-.':.-.."
MORRISSEY— In Marysville, 'March 18,-'ioO2,
Margaret, heloved . wife of Michael Morrls-
sey, • mother of Mrs.«J. E. Owens, Mrs.' Rich-
ard Duffy -aad Marguerite', . J. M. arid ¦ B. . S. :
.. Morrissey, and sister of- Michael Connolly,!- a'
native, of. County. Cork, : r Ireland; -aged' .62
and.S months.' :'. :.';¦.'-.-¦ '-..-,- V."v -¦.
/.-. -tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect^
, /fully invited to attend - the funeral- to-day
-¦"•(Friday),' at 9 o'clock, from'the family resj-
¦ dence, 1313 Scott street, thence to Holy Croes
I Church,"- Eddy street, hear: Devlsadero, where
a. solemn requiem high-mass -wlll-be cele- :
.. bratedfor the repose of . her soul, cemmenc-
,ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy • Croeo
Cemetery, by.-, carriase. - • . . : • j- * -• *> r- - -• • -.
b'CONNELL— In this city, March 20, 1902,
¦ Catherine O'Connell, a native of Castletown
Roche, County. Cork. Ireland, aged 04 years. -
OTIS— In Redlands. March 20, 1002. V John J.,
. beloved son of Thomas T. and- thelate Annie
. Otis.* and loving brother of Thomas L..WU-
¦ Ham P., James F.. Elizabeth I., rEHaVL.,
¦ Joseph W., France* C. and .Annie l G. Otis
and-Mrs. William McWlUiams.: a natlvV.of
.New Jersey. . .- ¦¦ ¦< - - . , , ..
. .. tETNotHe of funeral hereafter.! ' -¦ .' '.- ¦¦"¦
OZANNE — In this city, March 18; 1902," Wll-
, Ham Ozanne. . beloved husband of ¦ Amalla-
Ozanne,- and father of Joseph . and ..Rosie
Ozanr.e. a native of ¦ England, . aged 40 years
.5 monthS'-and 0 days.- '.- . '...¦• '• -.r. j -. •
PHILL1PS^-In the City and .County Hospital,
.. March 20, 1902. John Phillips, a native- of
Ireland, : aged 70: years. y ;.-...... .• • , • .
RIDLEY-^In this city, March 19.' 1002, Ellen
A. Ridley, a -' native of England, aged' 59
. -, yearg.;: ¦- '•¦ ' ¦'¦,¦-¦' • , -••¦ -.¦ • ,.-,"¦ ¦ .
. ICT'Funeral. services Saturday, at-1 o'clock,
at the ¦ parlors , of Halsted I & -. Co., '946 . Mis-
sion. street. Interment Private. '¦ . -.. ¦ -,.:,
SLEVIN-^In' this cltyv- March . 19, 1902,- Agnes
JJcatrlce Slevin, beloved daughter of Thomas
". B.. and Mary, E.Slevfn,- and sister pf George
• , E. and Thomas . P. , ¦ SJevln. • a ¦ native : of San
Francisco, aged 1 year' 1 month 'and 7 days.
SMITH— In f Oakland, March 19. 1902, ' Mrs.
.' Helen .Bashford -Smith,- a native. of .Wiscon-
- sin, in. the 4Sth year, of herage/. •' • / ¦
y," ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully : Invited, to attendvthe funeral. services '
this (Friday) afternoon; >at 2 o'clock,' ather
..' late . residence/.- 1379 ; Harrison 'street, ' Oak-.
. land. ; Interment, private. •'- ;.; ,/ ,•:• - - v .-
SMITH— In -this; city, ..March)" 20,. :iO02, : Mary
i A., .infant daughter of John W. and Lizzie
, Smith, . a; native of ; San- Francisco, aged" 2'
days.'/. •.'¦••;:¦:.. ¦¦¦¦.:¦ •¦¦ ->-,•;•.;; - : ¦.¦-.,."
SOTTER— In- this city, March. 19,: 1902, Rob-:
.*!rtv Ferdinand, beloved . husband of ; F'orence
', Sotter, and father of /Ferdinand, - Ernestine
and Ralph ' Sotter, ' a native of Pennsylvania,
' aged 48 yeara 4 months and; 1$ days. :
:¦ .;• [C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-'
; ' fully ; invited to -attend ¦ the funeral to-day
' (Friday), at 1 o'clock/ from the funeral par-
lors of Bunker &Lunt, 2CG6 Mission street,
Miesion Masonic -Temnle,- between. Twenty- .
g second "and Twenty-third, -rinterment Mount
-¦ Olivet -Cemetery. . :"• • . - '¦¦.'.••• . • ¦¦:'-.- ¦ .
WARREN— In this city, March' 20, -1902' Mar-
-.. garet, beloved wife of Richard Warren; and'
. mother • of , Richard,/' Joseph, 1 John, •'Thomas
Lizzie, Maggie , and- the late Minnie -Warren' •
a native : of ' Connty Limerick^ ¦ Ireland ateed
.'. ,42 -years.:. -¦'•-' ' ¦ : :' ':-.'¦:• '¦¦'. ; ¦ --..-;-•.' \ -v-. •';
. ¦ ' tty Friends and . acquaintances are : respect-
•. fully- Invited to attend 'the. funeral to-morrow
..' (Saturday);- at 8.30 o'clock, . from -her ' late
;' residence, 720 -Tebama 'street; "thence-- to Sf
. Joseph's Qhurch, where a requiem high mass
' will • be celebrated for ..the repose of \ her soul
- at 0 o 1 clock. • ' Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
.- -tery.. :' '.-"¦• .' ¦'-. -'-' : , ¦-;¦../';.•>.;. .. .-:':'•.'%'¦¦; ; "•-•••¦
WOLFARTH-^In - this J city, : March '20. ¦1002,'
; ' ¦ Margarethe,' .beloved '.wife of the ¦ late ? John
.Wolfarth, , mtjther ¦ of * Mrs. . F. .. Wehnan and ¦'
grandmother of- Frank: and ' Erhnja ' Weimari
' a native of- Wurtembersr, : Germany, aged 54
•years 7 months; and 23 days. . .-.• . .;-.•„•.,..
...-.:. . . CARD: OF THANKS. .-.'/.''; ."
..We hereby tender heartfelt thanks for the
- many acts of > kindness , and ' of
condolence from friends ¦ and acquaintances at
' ' the funeral ' of . our departed son ' and . brother "
y ¦'¦¦•'- ¦¦¦:>¦ :-. -MRS. E. ? STAUDE- and family. ¦;'
HENRY Si GALLAGHER CO;
' ' ". iSucc'eupr to : fflannagah '& Gailagher.i* ' *
-V • DANIEL P. DONpVAN.. Mgr/ ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3 :
• ' 20 .Fifth St., opposite Llnc&ln.' BchooU '. '•¦¦".•
-.--¦¦> -'¦'.• Telephone .-i South T 80. ' ¦,¦¦-;¦¦ -."¦;' . .
:yMt^:. : pHvet;t:;Cemet6i^S'
¦'. • • ; :?. : £: '¦'¦ : - NEAREST ".THE, CITT;^; '.'. :,''.'- ¦
Of f i ce, 916; M ar ket Street^
''..-•¦ I' 1 -' ..: -.Telephone. ",Bush-;3fi7." .",::,-:..;¦ '•.'.*' -'i : '
¦.l^-:'f»7.»nd aar. Fifth St. ;.Tel; South Mr^-1, :
• 1 rtWERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEKS- fl
; g--_ *^r>««tj- pqulpneny^t ; ; Moderate i Kat ea. v I
¦t Formerly^ with''; McGinn <;Bros.,> hka opened ¦
' new Funeral : Parlcrai at . 214 .'Eddy I it. ;¦¦ beti I
.' Taylor, and; Jones. ">.<.TeIephone South 576. T-.
-iy,ni ¦ mmmiimtvaui'immiMMamaewmsatmm'VKBmaammammmmBua*'. -
•NEVVjFIRWI^OF UNDERTAKERS^
• • , Samuel ¦ McFadden, ; 18 years ) mana ger ! for !
- 1 he ; United I Undertakers" Association i M," J; |
! >M<Brearty..'wlth, the 'same; company for IS • i
/' years ;¦ P. ! -F. ; iGreen.''; late .with J.-C, O'Con-^ ;
1 i nor ; & ' Co.". " have opened . new .' Fuhei-al ; Par- ' ;
'. "lors at-irri Mission street," between aeventir
; and ;Klehth.'» Telephones. South ,,4-f. :/ -. .'¦ : ¦-- ....;.
\7~^REMOVMDA^M^
¦ :'.'. 1 -;:.-mcGlNN. :^.fiROS.V--' '-".I
•FUNERAL .' DIRECTORS • and i EMBALM.':
> ERS. 11 to * 224 rand : 226 • McAllister . st."i:' (For- ".
mprlyof :n Kddy st/t'Tel.' South'252.) ¦--.?--'
OCEAN^iTBAVEL.
REA^^STATE~CI^
A— $1000 HOME for $5 50 per month.
Receiving credit for- $5 per month.
¦A $2000 horn? for $11 per month. .
Receiving credit for $10. per month.
A $3(>00 home for $16 50 per month. ,
Receiving credit lor $15 T>er: month. ' -j .;'
These homes can be bought anywhere, to cost
any "amount. . . '.* ' . •'
" Cost of carrying contract to . maturity, $2 50
'per month,- receiving credit for $2. Investigate
- PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATI\ r E CO.,
¦ Room 400, Callashan building.
. 1312 Market Et..
«an Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — To purchase a' residence north' of
Broadway or on any of . the streets : between
Van Ness ave. and Lyon. W. J. GUNN, 530
California 8t . " ¦
WANTED — To ¦ purchase lots, large or small
sized subdivisions' north of Broadway, to the
bay and from Larkln to Lyon sts. W. J.
GUNN. 530 California at. .; ' - ¦::¦:..'¦
JOSEPH STRAUB, .
• . 850 Market st., corner Stockton.
" Telephone Grant 177. ", ; \
Real EsUte Agent. ¦'•" ' . ¦¦'¦-.¦ ¦_ ¦¦-•'.
Property Bought . and ¦ Sold.
'Rents Collected. / ¦•-.-'. . ' ¦: -¦>'¦'.
AN elegant modern cottage of 6 -rooms and
bath; eunny side street;. San- Joae." near
Valley, bet. 2Sth and 2»th: Guerrero-street
cars pass door; appreciated if seen; ." lot
25x100. - .-"-¦¦¦••¦ '- : . ¦
f2000 CASH, balance easy payment* ; 9-room
house: sanitary plumbing. / 1711 . Broderick
" et.. near Bush. ..' . ¦.'.¦-- ¦ '.-.'¦"- -
FOR- sale cheap — New 6-room, house; 25 De
Long ave., bet. Waller and -Frederick sts.:
easy terms; 2 mantels and electric fixtures.
J12.000 — GRAND Paciflc-ave. lot. 40x127 ft
THE MCCARTHY CO., 046 Market st,
$5500 "MUST be paid: $3000 cash only; rents
$60. Apply on premises. 2623 Sutter St.
HKAI- ESTATE COUNTRY — -For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—^
Small tracts. $C0 to $90 per acre, on Ranoho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco "Is growing rapidly; location
¦best for poultry, and general farming. Apply.
to The Cotati Co.. 802 California Bt.. 1 for
pamphlets and information. ¦ '
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
, properties, see ' WOOSTER. T\ r HITTON &
MONTGOMERY. (Xi4 Market. S. F.. & San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell;' right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEAtY A CARR. 6 Eddy st. . ...
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. •
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
eewered; corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate. .-
41700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath: street- work done: city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
tram. ." ;
$1750 — $550 cash balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building Company, » 33 Nevada block.
San Francises. • ' ' ¦ •
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: hich base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITYALEADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITTAtE REAL ESTATE. -
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, 'cor.
- Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2. blocks from
2 street cars and public school; furnished cot-
- tage of 6 rooms; etable, chicken-house, plg-
• son cote, etc; ornamental grounds;, fruit or-
chard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month; price $4000..
Apply J. R. FREUD, Mills building, or 13..
A. PLEITNER. Frulvale station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
•'.•"•. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BUY BEFORE THE RISE. • .
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water: hall; porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
! and papered; sunny side; street- work and
i walks complete: near cars an4 school: terms if
desired; No. 1743 Filbert st.. near 2/!th; go and
see it to-day; owner will be there.
$2250 and S3S50— Two fine homes of 6 and 8
rooms; lets 29x100 and 46x100; Nos. 674 and
676 83d St., near Grove;, choice location;" all
modern; open, eloping lawns; bandy to school,
churches and cars. ""....... ...... ;
$1400 — Close to San Pablo ave.; house of -7
rooms and bath; All In first-class condition;
street- work all done; easy terms can be ar-
ranged. . • - - '.¦.¦¦
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth st.,- near Broadway, Oakland.
LOOK THIS. UP TO-DAY,
' Pretty homes, new and modern,' five . to
• eight rooms, with every convenience; latest
Etyle plumbing; lots 40 feet front • (or more,
"If desired); lawns; stone walks ar.d street
! • work complete; • moderate prices and easy
j terms. Vacant 40-foot lots $800 to $1000;
f " very desirable in every ¦ respect ; near school
> and churches -and two electric lines ;.. ele-
vated ground : Merrimac or Twenty-eighth.
•st., .between Telegraph ave. and Grove, et.
See W: T. HARRIS, on the premises, or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
$3S50— ACTUAL VALUE $4500. — : ..-
Brand new. colonial house; open and nickel
.plumbing; 7 rooms - and- bath; driveway,
lawn; an ideal home; a No. 1 location; con-
.- venient to business center, cars, schools, etc.;
only $1000 cash, balance on mortgage.
J.. S. MYERS,
1 r." v.V : 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
?2750— ORIGINAL COST $4300. •
- 2 fiats, 5 room and bath each, near Market-
st. -station, business center and local train;
' always rented; a good income; a splendid in-
vestro 1 "**-" ~»*tng is believing; call early.
«¦ 7 • J. S. MYERS.
i 1002 Broadway, Oakland. •
$1050— TWO COTTAGES, .-'•
- 3 rooms each; large lot; well rented; near
local station, business center, etc. ; land alone
•¦ worth the money; first come first served; my
j instructions are to sell, ' or rather give it
j away at this price. " • J. S. MYERS, '¦
I - . - 1002 Broadway, ¦ Oakland.
I ¦ —
I OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
I $co— 9 ROOMS; adults only; references. Call
¦ between 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. at 1504 Frank-
j lln St.. Oakland. - - . : :
j OAKLAKD FDHXITCHE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. " H. ..
BCHELLHAAS.- 408 Eleventh rt.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .'¦¦
A~ FLOOR" of~4 beautifu) large rooms, with
bath; completely furnished for housekeeping;
hot and cold water; gas; stationary tubs;, fine
view; healthy location; in a < small . private
family; rio children - under . 15 wanted; rent
' ' reasonable. 4231 Twentieth et., near Castro.
CLAY 1620— 5 nicely furnished rooms; gas and
bath. Call 1528 Polk st. V,, " ;' /
EDDY, 445, rear-— Four furnished rooms houso-
. keeping;, large sunny yard; reasonable. •
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping; 3, "• $12,
connecting;. 2, connect'g, $10; single, $4 to $7.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200 — Sunny unfurnished
froiit rooms; also single room, furnished, r
HOWARD, 10G3 — 2 sunny connecting complete?
ly fur. hkpg. rms.; range; running water; $10..
HYDE. 408 — Sunny front alcove suite, $20; also
sunny . basement suite; rear yard; laundry.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap. ¦ . "
MISSION,' £45— Furnished rooms, . complete for
housekeeping. \ ¦ ¦ ¦' : ;',..; :";. : v
' N ATOM A. 642 Vi. near Seventh— Three fur-
j nished rooms for housekeeping. REINGEBE.
i POWELU 1005, cor. Clay— 2 sunny rooms, $1G;
. 3 connecting, $30; all complete for housekpg.
SEVENTH, 191. r near Howard — Housekeeping"
rooms. ¦ " •. , . -*' . •¦¦'¦¦' -..¦¦¦
Stockton, 1200 — Sunny single, double rms.,mod.;
new fur.; gs* free; gas stove; $5.$6,$8,$10,$12.
TURK, 130 — Kurnl6hed rooms for housekeep-
-, ing."- ¦ -,- '¦•¦¦¦•¦"¦ - ' ¦¦-. •>•.-"•••/-;•¦••¦>,- ¦
VAN NESS ave.. 1O04 — Front parlors" unfur-
nished; cheap; tWQ furnished rms., <18:o. $24.
KOOSIS TO LET— Farn. and Unfurn.
A — FREE list furnished rooms to let; with or
, without ¦ board ; ' we save . you walking . the
- streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, '10 Montg'y.'
AEGTLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, eleg-ant.
, sunny; 75c day upward; " rates' by : week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached. V : ..-.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 - Slxth-^Rooms,
25c t» $1 per night; $1- 25 to $5 per! week,' and
: light housekeeping rooms; open all 'night. •_.•"...
BURNETT, . 1420 Market (old~~No. 1384) — Fur-
. nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished..
CLIFFORD. : 204 . Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
/furnished sunny rooms; prices -. reasonable. V
EDDY, 11— Nicely furnished ¦-" suite/: $15; • also
, Jarge sunny room. $10. - . :. ".. "¦''•, --. :;
EDDY, 825— -Newly furnished sunny >'.¦ rooms,
• .bay .windows, ; suitable for 'doctor's.' office;
bath and gas; $10 and up.: . • ' • - .."•-." •¦LOVE FOR LABORER'S DAUGHTER
DRIVES GUS SPEAR TO SUICIDE
Young Nephew of -Surveyor- of the RortsVls^
;' . at His Broadway-Homey^
Because- Relatives fQ
14
,,THE/.SA^; .' ' ¦ ' .
PRINCIPALS IN A ROMANCE THAT HAD ITS TRAGIC ENDING IN THE
SUICIDE OF THE XOUNG MAN BECAUSE OP ' PARENTAL OPPOSI
TION TO ."HIS MARRIAGE. ' -• .
Dr. "Voorsanger will lecture at the Tem
ple Emanu-El this evening on the subject,
"Napoleon, the Enigma of Two* Centv
ries." Services will commence at 8 o'clock.
'Cantor Stark will lead thec coir.
Lecture on Napoleon.
The school directors think that the plan
as modified will be successful and will
save the city considerable expense. Their
decision, however, will be. bad news to
Professors Earth, Miehling and Stahl.
who expected reinstatement f> their
places, from which they were removed to
make* room for Magnus. Should the in
novation prove a success the will
not make any provision in the next bud
get for the employment of -.peclal in
structors in physical culture in tbe belief
that they are unnecessary.
The Board of Education at its execu
tive session yesterday discussed the ad
visability of doing away altogether with
special teachers of physical culture. The
board says It obtained such unsatisfac
tory results from the employment of Dr.
Max. Magnus as physical dh-ector that it
will place the branch entirely in the hands
of the regular teachers in the department
until the end of the present term. Whil«
Magnus remained away from the schools
a number of the teachers took private
lessons in the art s*nd fitted themselves
to give valuable instruction to their pu
pils, with whom they obtained .splendid
results. V ?
Board, of Education Decides M"ot to
Employ Special. Instructors in
-¦ : i:;;]:/ This Branch.
WILL MODIFY PHYSICAL
CULTTJBE IN" SCHOOLS
Miss Flood and Mr. and Mrs. James
Flood are about to leave for a sojourn In
Southern California.
Burbank Somers has taken a trip to
Southern Callforia.
/Mrs. William B. Collier and daughter.
Miss Sara Collier, have returned from
their trip to Clear Lake.
city, en route to New York. From there
they* will go to Havana, Cuba.
.' '. Policeman Kavanaugh; found « Miss Gal
lagher-last -night' and served a subpena,
ordering: her 1 ; to' appear at '.the 'inquest,
which will' begin to-morrow .'morning at
10 o'clock, v ! . :,>,: ,-;•.'
-.Gustavus -Langford-/ Spear- was born
April 21, 1882.. - As -a lad he attended the
Pacific Heights- School,"., where he was
, very ; popular ', with -, his ' mates. , , He quit
school ; to go to , sea; - but ¦ had never been
wjld; or ,aicare» to .his mother.' His home
on .Broadway; above Franklin street, is In
striking* contrast- to the abode where his
sweetheart kept house for her father and
brothers.---:^ r ¦ ;->"'/¦•- ... .'•¦ • . ¦' - v .
iA. sister of the dead boy .'called at the
Gallagher home* last night to offer con
solation to her brother's girlish sweet
heart, .but. was told .that. Nellie was not
at home ; and;, was ; denied information . as
to where. she .was. .-,.'....
Owen Gallagher says that his sister did
not see Gus 'on Wednesday at all and that
he" had not 'seen him for several days.
John Gallagher, the younger brother, who
works at, the Grand Central Market, said
that Gus, was .on. excellent .terms, with all
the family and that no quarrel of any
sort ¦, had -occurred. '- He said ; Gus was
anxious: to 1 marry in spite. of opposition,
but that Nellie heeded their, advice and
did not want -to marry until Gus was
older and had a position that would make
him independent, and able to support her.
The. boys both say the. young people were
very much in' love and that' their sister is
heartbroken over/ her . lover's tragic
death. . •• ¦ • • ; ¦ • '
Boy Knew Sweetheart's Brothers.
for M. Conlbn; the liveryman. Wednes
day, morning a married stepsister tele
phoned, that she : wanted • to see 'Iiim im
mediately. ; He left the stables and did
not return. : -That was .about, the time
In ellie Gallagher was last seen at home.
was free from her household duties," they
tcok ldng. walks, together. . •
February 12 the j young man astonished
nis mother by announcing that he was
going, to be married the next day: and had
it£i ¦*$ 5, llcense - 1 though he was but VJ
andr Nellie.: Gallagher .barely IS. Mrs;
hpear reasoned with- him and finally per
i ? .i lim t0 waIt - unU1 ' he : was some
what older, but In, spite of his apparent
acquiescence it seems that family opposi
tion and possilfly 1 subsequent reproaches
f r " m the girl, he loved caused the boy .<o
tr>ke his own life. - '^ : : . .- .. • ;
/. Willing to Wait Till Older.
Mrs. j Spear was prostrated i by the " tra'r-
Mrl ' w" C i- d , enlc( ? ' her s elf to all j callers.
Mrs. Buftandeau ' the aunt, said -that she
let sure her nephew's death had nore
lat on whatever, to, his ,*ffecUon f or; Miss
Gallagher, whom; none , of the family
Knew. She said •„ Gus consented "readily
enough, to wait until he was older; and
nati prospects: that warra'nted his- taking
a wire. He had remained cheerful she
sald,:and the family had almost forgotten
tne marriage license episode. ;.'
:_At ;the i Gallagher home -the affair was
shrouded .In mystery. -One, brother,
i Owen a - hack-driver. • alone
was - in '_• - the. . house. .. , : : He : . . told S the
.Deputy Coroner, that his sister .had
not - been - at •• home ¦¦-; the - night '. be-*
*S re - f i ut tha t. "she 'was .safe,'.'- being, at
the house: of./ a-near 1 .-relative. •..'TheYglrl
¦ did -not -„ return fdurlng "the.-' day -i arid ' her
brothers, persistently. refused to reveal r her
whereabouts. They~said she-'was-pros-'
trated over the.tragedyiQf.wlxJch she was
told early in the afternoon and that ', she
was" too -^111 . f rom ; grief -.to 'S see any' one.
l ney said she ; was 'at ; the home ; of, a rel^.-'
. tlve,. but would '.not,* say, who the relative
• was or where th&'residence was/'. ; • ¦
. ,-; Owen' Gallagher had :beeri'drlvlnga hack
.Miss! Ethel Kittredge was hostess at a
pretty dinner • given at \ the Palace Hotel
Monday evening, in honor.: of Miss ;Car
men Moore, and Walter \ Starr, whose en
gagement is , announced. Covers were laid
for sixteen and the decorations were
pink. Those present were: ? Mrs. William
Hamilton ' Morrison. ; Miss Carmen ' Moore,
Miss Jacqueline Moore. Miss Mary Bar
ker, Miss Florence -White. : Miss - Mary
Burdge, Miss Florence • Starr, Walter
Starr, -Wallace Alexander, • Frederick
Stephenson, Robert" M. Fitzgerald,', Allen
Chickering, Edmund Baker, Eugenie B.
Black and Sydney Pringle.
¦•¦',¦ V ¦ -¦ -¦ ¦-''." ¦•:.••
¦ Mr. and : Mrs. Blaskower have left the
• ' . • .•
Walter- Hunter. Cllne and Miss Cordk
Chandon were married on Tuesday of thl:
week at . Marysvllle. CaJ. Mr. and Mrs
Cline have secured apartments at Hote
Bella Vista and will be at home if te<
they return > from their wedding -trip
about "April 1.
The : engagement is announced of Mrs,
Annie Passavant, widow of the late Dr. S.
C..' Passavant,'. to Oscar Szontagh. thf
well: known mining expert. They will be
married- the latter part of April and will
reside af Northport, Wash/*. ..
Captain and Mrs. McCalla were guest;
of honor at. an enjoyable dinner giver
Wednesday evening by -Mrs. W. B
Bourne at 2550 Webster street.
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Hovey, 2002 Broad
way, entertained In honor of J. W. Hoff
man of Boston, the- affair being a pleas
ant informal reception. The drawing
rooms .were handsomely decorated for the
occasion. Those who asisted In receiving
were: "Mrs. Frank Janes, Mrs. William
Hardy, Mrs.- Norman Rideout, Mrs. N. D.
Rideout, Miss Grace Garoutte and Miss
Rachel Hovey.
Miss Lucille Thornton of New York was
guest of honor Wedndesday evening at s
dinner . given ' by Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph
Spreckels. Among. the guests were: Mr.
and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs.
J. D. Harvey, Donald de V. Graham and
L.-Mizner.
' Mrs. Robinson Rlley was guest of honoi
at a pleasant dinner given last evening bj
Mr and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey at theii
residence, 2301 Pacific avenue.
Mr and Mrs. "W. G. Irwin gave a dlnnei
at their home on Washington street las
evening in honor of Mrs. Edward Moon
Robinson of Philadelphia, who is at pres
ent visiting her sister. - The decoration:
were very simple/consisting of wild flow
ers arranged with most artistic effects
Covers were laid for fourteen. Every
thing was perfectly appointed. The guest;
were most hospitably entertained and th(
evening was all. that could be desired.
Mr3. E. J. Denniston entertained th<
officers and directors of the Forum Club
of which she - is president, yesterday
There were twenty in the party. Thi
feature of the entertainment was a Ion*
trolley ride on the "Herniosa." When th.
ladies reached the Cliff House a dalnt:
luncheon was awaiting them, having beei
carefully arranged by the thoughtfu
hostess. The guests reached home at '
o'clock, having had a delightful after
noon. ¦
¦ A farewell bachelor dinner was given
last evening at the Maple room annex of
the Palace. Hotel with Mr. Charles Dun
phy Jr. as host. Covers were laid for
forty of Mr. Dunphy's' friends and the
scene was a brilliant; one. The long table
was beautifully decorated with scores of
American Beauty roses strewn along the
center and- at either end many violets and
leaves were scattered. Red was the pre
vailing color and red shades softened the
light of the candelabra. Many toasts were
enjoyed a*nd the dinner was a delightful
affair. Mr. Dunphy will wed Miss Row
ena Burns to-morrow.
Miss Florence Neustadter and "Walter
W: Stetthelmer were the principals of an
elaborate bom© .wedding last evening at
the residence of the bride's parent3, Mr.
and Mrs. David Neustadter. 1701 Van
Ness avenue. .Rabbi J. Voorsanger per
formed .the ceremony. The bride was at
tended by her sister as maid of honor.
Mr. Louiy Neustadter, a cousin of the
bride, acted as .best man. The bridal robe
was an artistic creation of white silk and
lace. The tulle veil was held in the hair
by orange blossoms. The bride carried a
shower bouquet of lilies of the valley. No
jewels were worn. The maid of honor was
handsomely gowne'd in pale blue andcar
ried a bouquet of orchids. The drawing
rooms .were lavishly decorated with spring
blossoms, , In white, pink and - red. The
wedding party took theln places before an
altar specially constructed for the occa
sion, with candles and large pillars. The
choir from Temple Emanu-El was pres
ent in addition to twelve musicians for
the string orchestra. An organ was also
placed near the altar. The exceUent music
added much to the impressiveness of the
affair. After the ceremony the usual fes
tivities were In order and the two hun
dred gueets were sumptuously enter
tained. .Mr. and Mrs. StettheJmer leave
to-day for Japan. Upon their retu' n they
will* reside in this. city, the groo.M being
department manager for the firm Oi. Neu
stadter Bros.
BEFORE ALTAR
IN BRIDE'S HOME
THEY MARRY
Suits for divorce were .filed iby^Caryr
Tonneson agralneb Alfred Tonneson i.for.
desertion and .Anna 'Horn : against'" Bat
thasir Horn s for desertion. "¦• '•
. Ida B. , Marsh - was '/granted .a) divorce
from G. H. Marsh' yesterday for desertion.'
Anna Marie i Bredersen was 'divorced 5 f rbm
Edwin Bredersen' for. desertion," and K -H."
Orr'was divorced from' Florence. E.'Orr
for cruelty. ! ?«j^S!S£WJ^5^A^*3iriW«'P^
Three ; Divorced Granted. ! •
George K6enig, > , a". member \ of >; .the "pork
packing firm , of Koenlg;& : Muiler .'.'was
declared incompetent ' b'yj '•' Judge v, Trbutt
yesterday. Val Schmidt,':- the ('druggist,'
was'appointed his ffuardian; • ': .' r "\ N
Koenig has $[S,000 on~depoalt In various
banka in this city, and. owns securities
worth $10,000. Schmidt was' placed under
$6000 bonds, and directed not to interfere
with-the money in 'bank*- unless 1 ' by- a
special order of ; court..-" ',".' •',¦ '¦¦;.'; v; -)':-.\
' The r incornpetency'-of Koenig isVduefto
old:agre arid sickness. ; He has-been faiU
Ing; rapidly since .last ' December. • •, He * is
unmarried, and" has no relatives ¦-. in Tthls
country. . . ' .
Wealthy Pork Packeri Is Declared' tc
" Be Inconipetent : by . Judge .' ; .
¦-¦'. .. Trouttl ".:.¦'.'.'/ '-¦'.».'; '¦¦'¦'.;% 'I
Mrs. North. Seriously HI.
United States Immigrant Commissioner
Hart H. Xorth. Is in Woodland with his
mother, who is seriouslv sick. - • "
An application has been filed by the
execut6rs> of the Sutro estate to confirm
t-he $300,000 bid of Louis Lipman for the
fifteen blocks of land belonging . to the
Putro estate, lying between the Affiliated
Colleges and Golden Gate Park. The ap
plication will be heard by Judge Cottcv
on March 28. 1902, at 10 o'clock. \
Bids f or Sntro Property.
Game In "season for lunch' at Cafe Zin
kand properly cooked, properly served. •
An order was made . by ' Judge "Coffey
yesterday directing Mrs. Margaret Gow
dc-y, sister and guardian of the late
Joseph O'Hare, to tile, an account of ;her
guardianship. She must have the docu
ment ready by the 24th Inst. c
Must File , an Account-
Ton can buy a pair of Opera Glasses to
day for $10 80 usually sold at $12 to $15 of
the Berteling Optical Company. 16 Kearny
t-trc-et. An opera glass is a beautiful pres
ent, not entirely for Christmas, but for an
engagement, birthday or Easter gift; then
apa'.n they can be used the year round.
They are always in season. . •
Opera Glasses.
Gus Spear was a : modest; | lively,, ambi
tious boy! His hobby was*, the? sea; and
he returned six" months' ago' from' a :trlp
to Manila in the transport ¦ service/ com
ing back as a quartermaster on the Shef
idan. About a,<year ago he -had met Nei
lie Gallagher, a frail,' neat little' girl, who
keeps house for her father.; who' is a-ho-J
carrier, and three-brothers- in a humble
cottage that sits • back- fronr the at
1332^ Broadway.' After Gus" return; from
Manila he and the girl saw much 'of .each
other, and in' the. afternoons, Cwhen she
APPOINTS A GUARDIAN •
: FOR :: GEORGE KOENIG
Young Spear did not come' home,, to
dinner Wednesday night, but his, absence
was not at all unusual. .Mrs. Spear; and
her daughters and Miss Eva- Buffandeau
were • at a card party and returned after
midnight. Gus was not yetvhome. A 'At;,l
o'clock . Mrs. Buffandeau ' heard ' him I come
in and go to. his room; -Uothingrln' -what
she heard aroused any suspicion " on., her.
part. ¦ .; \ . :--- ; - ¦_¦:., '¦ :¦• —.•.•-.•.¦;
Suspicion Not Aroused:
The young man left.no note or •.explana
tion-of his deed.. The door of his room
was shut, though he usually left it open,
and t the. window was closed tightly. To
Deputy Coroner McCormick members of
the family said'they had no doubt Gus
had committed suicide, but- when-ques
tioned as to'' his infatuation, for, Nellie
Gallagher, and his dejection because their
marriage was opposed, they, claimed - to
know nothing of the details of the'boy
ish romance. : -. v'..; . :, ' v. •
Q US SPEAR,', the "19-year-old i3oh ;
. of- tfie .-late - M."- A:. s Spear, and
« nephew, of ' the Surveyor , of • the .
Port, Joseph S. Spear, committed
• suicide early -yesterday' morning
at his mother's ..-home, .Broadway,
presumably -be'eause' his relatives . were
opposed to his' marriage while he was. so
young to -Nellie \Gallagher, | scarcely.; IS,
who .lives* a few .blocks from'- the: Spear
residence. 'He" was" found dead in. his bed
at a quarter past 6 o'clock in, the morn
ing, with the single gas jet of his bedroom
turned on full force.' ••'«¦ .'" ¦•; ¦• •..-¦ ' •' ¦;¦>¦
The awful discovery was made;.by.;tbe
boy's , aunt,'. Mrs: Laura '-U: Buffandeau,
who was awakened, .by. the odor- of gas.
Has-tily arising,^ she sought the source of
the : trouble, ' and,*; coming downstairs,'
found ' the little"" back bedroom,.' usually
occupied by the boy, full 'of ; the deadly
fluid. Gus was lying:in.bed as if "asleep.
Throwing up the window and .leaving the'
door ¦ open, Mrs*. 'Buffandeau • shook' .her
nephew, but got no response. Slie..'aroused
the household and : a. physician. was -sum-f
moned, and in the meanwhile '.efforts' were,
made to resuscitate the , young nianV but
in vain. When, Dr. P. A% Hyde ' arrived,'
twenty minutes later, he said'that death,
had ensued fully an hour before the dis
covery of the tragedy, was made.
John Gorman was equally uncommuni
cative, and Coroner Leland continued the
Inquest until the attendance of Charles
Gilroy can be obtained. The' Coroner re
marked that "while all the witnesses had
testified clearly as to the fight in the sa
loon, they seemed to have become deaf.
dumb and blind when they reached' the
sidewalk. ¦
Charles Libby, the first witness, swore
that Eugene McCarthy and John Cahill
got into a fight In Nolan's saloon, and
when the crowd adjourned to the side
walk Libby walked . across the street. and
watched the crowd. Although he knew
every man but one, he was unable to give
the name or establish 'the identity 'of -a
single person. : He swore that while he
•was watching from the other side of the
street a' car came alongr -and' he ' heard
something said about somebody being run
over. . v ' . -
The Inquest on the body of Eugene -Mc-
Carthy was resumed yesterday by Cor
oner Leland, two of the missing wit
nesses, Charles Libby and John Gorman,
having presented themselves, the third,
Charles Gilroy, being still absent. Cor
oner Leland asked Detective Crockett
whether he had made any attempt to find
Gilroy, and Crockett replied that he had
not been able to find any one who knew
of Gilroy's whereabouts. Whereupon the
Coroner called Daniel McCarthy, brother
of the deceased, and asked him if he
knew where Gilroy could be found. Mc-
Carthy answered that the name of. the
absent witness was Charles Gllroy and
that he was employed at the glass works,
corner of Fifteenth and Harrison streets.
Crockett explained that Daniel McCarthy
had told him last Sunday night that he
did not know Gilroy's address. ' ,
Eugene McCarthy was knocked down by
one of a crowd of men at the intersection
of Ninth and Folsom streets at half
past 8 o'clock last Sunday night, and fell
in front of a streetcar, which passed over
his body, killing him instantly. Every one
of the crowd except Gilroy was examined
at the inquest and not one of them would
swear that he saw the blow that sent Eu
gene McCarthy to his death.
United States Secret Service Agent
Hazen arrived from Los Angeles yester
day morning after having n'pped in the
bud a bold conspiracy to flood the repub
lic of Mexico with counterfeit five-peso
notes. The chief spirit In the conspiracy
was "Walter T. Canterbury, a journeyman
printer, and the plot was exposed
through the honesty of the lithographing
Jirm of Louis Roesch on Saneome street,
in this city.
,« On November 2S of last year the firm
* received a letter- from Canterbury, at
Chat tlsie in Jerome, Ariz., inclosing a
f*5 Mexican bill an.i asking for an esti
, iiiate on the price of engraving and print
.. ing copies of the same in iots of 1000
each. The writer suggested that paper
of the same kind and quality as th3t on
¦uhich the note was printed could b.: ob
tained from Crane Co., at Dalton. Mass,
llr. Roesch reported the matter to Mr.
-Hazeii, who. after consultation -with
United States District ~ Attorney Valen
tine of Los Angreles and Assistant United
States Attorney B. L. McKinley, dictated
a reply to be forwarded to Canterbury
in which he was asked as to whether he
vanted an exact copy of the biil. A re
ply was received from Canterbury that
he wanted the note copied- exactly to the
hair line. After he had obtained all the
information necessary as to . the inten
tions of Canterbury Mr. Hazen went to
Los Acgeles and found his man at Tvork
in a printing-office there. Canterbury
fajd at first that he wanted the notes to
use as advertising labels, and that he
nad no partners, but that if the notes
were printed he could get all the money
he needed to pay for the engraving and
printing of them. All that Hazen could
lmd on his person was 25 cents. As noth
ing had been effected and no cha r ge
fpuld be made to hold Canterbury he was
released after his photograph and de
*criptlon had been taken. The notes, if
well counterfeited, would pass for two
dollars and a half in gold coin.
Remarkable Testimony
in Eugene McCarthy,
Inquest". .
Plot to Flood Mexico
With Counterfeit
Five-Peso Notes; . r
HAZEN DETECTS
DARING SCHEME
WITNESSES GROW
DEAF AND BLIND
2 SAMUELS FOR EASTER NOVELTY NECKWEAR' g
... ... '... . '¦ . . Jj^iii mil ' " ' ¦ '"©'
S , . - . .. '¦. ' j . j
I IrIDAY, MARCH 2», at 9 a. m. {
• AN UNUSUAL |
A ' " ' ¦ ':''¦ - ' ¦ ¦ ' Q
—^ ¦ ¦ ¦' " ¦" ' . S
CO High novelUes from the foremost manu- xps 4* %M - ¦ m
facturers. These Suiting need only to be |% 3 S ffc If fl V H j-1
CC seen, to be appreciated. We will keep the "1131" iHIll CO
UJ Dress Goods Aisle active by offering hJSJ|J 3 01 LI 1
h- about 600 pieces of Dress Goods at :;j^ ; y vww m wm» *mm
f2 • To induce a visit to this great sale we mention a few of the fabrics, O
7?\ all to^ be sold at one price: 46-inch Canvas Etamines, 48-lnch Hop Sack- 33
Fancy Mi"ed Suitings. 50-lnch Scotch Plaids. 50-inch Fancy
,1 Flared Mohalr^-lnch Knickerbocker Suiting and many other popular HI
0 o weav^ ea - • * " o co
I] IT IS WELL -TO WATCH S
I OUR FRIDAY SPECIALS. C
SS EMPHATIC REDUCTIONS M PRETTY CUSH 10^COVERS 5
. WAISTS. t .¦ -OMSALE FRIDAY. #
m Lot l-About 15 dozen Ladies' Shlrt v One lot Fancy Cushion Covers, with q
Z Waists.- which are somewhat backs nicely stamped with popu- o
2 broken In sizes, hence this enor- lar figures and designs in Oriental X
5 mous reduction. They are made colors. These formerly sold for JJ
• of best quality and 50c and 7oc. but Friday they are •
• were manufactured to sell at marked for aulck selling at 25c •
9 '¦' from $1 to $2. 'Special sale price. each. - O
• 75c. 50c and 25c each. _____—— — — — . <y
S — — — HT HERE'S A MONEY-SAVING •
S AN INTERESTING FRIDAY OPPORTUNITY.' S
m SPECIAL You will find this Item the very O
« t a, „• vivWr,****** qw;t 9 *rood thing for Easter dresses. Whita Q
• Ladles Flannelette BKirts, gooa . °_ nlr .__ y. or^andips 22 inches X
V Quality t> lanneietie, ianty ainpcj, —»«•»« on sTraii«nt mini if v fiiiiv
• g^SiU'&f jK fl p n ri 9 ce. ed 25 r c g JgjJ y«g. Friday, .ale J
• _ . . _ __,-».», 100 d"ozen white embroidered Fleur 5
• ON SALE FRIDAY. d e Lis turn-over Collars, worth ©
f Have ypu seen the exceptional 25c. at 10c. each. O
• value we offer In Men's Flannel- 50 dozen cream Venetian lace turn- J
© ette Night Gowns? They are made over Collars; these are very hand- •
• •- of good quality material, with and some; just arrived; worth 35c, at 0
• without collars, at 5Oc each. 15c 0
•I ¦ ¦ ¦ - . - - \a
1 EXCLUSIVENESS OF SHLE IS OUR CHARACTERISTIC. 8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
L the musical mystery qoes
to Sherman, Clay & ¦Co.'s
Oakland Store
Psycho (the manor wax figure?) whicH has. been mysti-
fying the people of San Francisco for the past two weeks by
playing, on the Angelus Piano Player in Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s windows, will be taken to their, Oakland store, begin-
ning there Saturday night at 7:3o"o'clock.
Psycho will continue to be exhibited in Oakland on Mon-
day, Tuesday and Wednesday between the Hours of 3 and 5:36
in the afternoons and 7:30 and 9 in the evenings.
On Thursday Psycho will be brought back . to Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s San Francisco store, appearing up to Saturday
evening, March 29th, when the expose will take place at an
Angelus Piano Player Tecital in Sherman-.Clay Hall.
Tickets to the expose free to adults only by applying to
Sherman, Clay & Co... Kearny and Slitter streets; - on and after;
Thursday, March 27th. C , *]}i
S h e r m an , CS ay &C00
R Corner Kearnv and Sutter Sts, S.F.
Corner 13th and Broadway, Oakland.
M Just one week before Easter and you no coub 1 :
g a ant new Shoes. We have Shoes, but. want new 1
§1 ade, and as an inducement for dealing with us wt i
M nake special offerings for" Friday and Saturday ci m
I LADIES' PATENT LEATHER MEN'S PATENT LEATHER OX E
fC OXFORDS— Imported material, FORDS— Goodyear -welts; swel H
ip oxtenslcn welted soles. There Is Iksts. They will match your ne\ Bj
n nothing more correct at present Easter clathesr On Friday ani B
M than this $3 50 Ue, which we will Saturday only, at ........ $2.8! H
1 sell on Friday and Saturday . : H.
I LADIES' KID LACE SHOES^- MEN'S LIGHT TAN LACT «
p, Goodyear welts, one line with lcid SHOES— Broad, flat .toe, neatl: E
H tips and heavy sole; another with punched and extremely stylish W
\A patent leather tips and lighter for Friday and Saturday.. $3.1 .'.g
H so!cs (extended); $3 50 shoes, for — : . . H
B Friday and Saturday at... $^.H."> • - M
M ijSSS «~^T~ lSSI:5 ' , K J D B box cal?i^ce L Ihoes-bS I
I „ S f , eD , f ' " ¦ • serviceable and neat looking. |
Ks tips— slightly extended soles— a . . sa
S neat, serviceable shoe. Sizes 9 to 13 SILK B
H Fizes Siitoll... $1 1.% Sizes 13% to 2 ..]S1.7i B •
M Sizes 11^ to 2 *l..*io Sizes 2% to S 1^. Sii.O-". g
|| ountry orders for above filled if received on b. 1
|| before Mondav. Write for new catalogu?/ 1
Wy&y, W &to\mt S^BSpr^gjgB^a^retl^a \
I FRIDAY snd I
SATURDAY!
1 Bargains. I
I Golden Gate Cloak I
§ and Suit House,. .. I
I Tailor Suits, I
I Newest Style Spring Tailor i
[j Suit3, in the Giteon, New Etoi wh
I and Blouse effect, latest spring fl
I shades, stylish, fancy trimmed, |j
I all $2100 and $92.50 a 1 1- nn S
B garments. Special.... OluiUU d
a . ¦ Easter Novelty Tailor Suit?, g
p made of fine Venetian or Ch97iot, |j
«| silk lined throughant, or Taffeta 3
I Silk Drop Skirt, higa-to tailor-, ;|
I ing, faU valao $33. aap fin [
| Special OZOiUU 1
| Jaunty Spring Jackets, made J
I of fino Tan Covert Cloth, sitin |
I lined, throughout, nliabla tailoring, |
§ fall value $8.03. Spe- £ n a ft i
I cial... , OuiUU i
I 1230-1232-1234 t
I MARKET STREET I
ADVERTISEMENTS.