no_textTHEP^E is a story told of a pretty
girl who admired pretty shoes. But,
I alas, she wore number sevens 1
J^ Now, Ihis girl, being a young
woman of rauch good sense, de
cided that, no matter how large
the foot might be, if the shoes were well
shaped, nicely kept and in style, the
loot would look well.
Accordir.gly, the invested In a shoe
trunk, filled it with natty number sev
ens, and all ihe summer long she rowed,
tennised, golfed and b'ked in skirts to
her shoe :ops. The number sevens were
:nuch admired.
The shoe trunks are really only square
boxes, with little bags or compartments
of canvas, each one for holding a pair of
boots. You can get eight pairs in a well
developed box, and this Is about the
number the summer woman needs.
Now, eight pairs of shoes Eeem an
extravagant number; but you will find
that it is all right when you come to
study the subject. Shoes, which were the
Last to progress in a century of change,
have now fallen in step, literally, an J are
built and adjusted, trimmed and man
aged so that they match the rest of the
wardrobe.
l^ighi pairs of shoes, purchased out
risht, seem outrageous. But nowadays
you adJ to your shoes 'as you add to
your shirt waists in pairs; and they ac
cumulate, and you find you need them
alL ¦
The economy, the convenience, not to
vpeak of the beauty and the comfort of
<>-.vnir.s many shoes, will appeal to you
so powerfully that once having eight or
more pairs to choose from you will never
be without them.
The Colonial Foot.
The colonial "slipper" must be in every
outfit. It comes in various weights and
>ou need two pairs. One should, have the
Uiin sole and the Cuban heel. This slip
per is made of patent leather. Its tongue
tlculd be l:igh and there Ehould be a
biigfat buckle upon it, with a strap un
derneath the tongue.
Then you will need colonial slippers In
There are sensations in shoes
and sensations in hose and to
keep the ps.ee each summer
woman must have many pairs.
Glimpses into the wardrobes
of Mrs. Herbert, the American
beauty abroad; Mrs. Paderew
ski and Miss Leiter—Simplic
ity in outline with much elab
oration of detail characterizes
the summer shirtwaists.
tie wreaths and monograms and. the Dolly
Varden stockings have flowers worked on
them. Such dainty stockings these!
And white stockings will be worn this
season.- For the house and for every oc
casion except the pedestrian trip there
will be stockings of white silk, of 'white
lisle ofwhfte slip-stitch and of the new
half-knitted kind; and these will be'em
broidered and trimmed in many- ways to
match the gown, if not the shoes.
Shoe laces will be in black and In white
and in tan. But the somewhat bizarre
red . and blue laces will be reserved for
the colored shoes.
The matter of keeping the summer shoes
In repair and in a suitable state of black
polish, or in the proper degree of dullness,
to their respective finishes, is something
to be. thought out. for the suede finish. Is
as fashionable as the enamel. So to the
burden of buying, is added the task of
keeping 1 in repair. . .'
: The "May sun' is shining on the sands
and the May sunlight is flitting across the
spring, shirt waists. It touches them
caressingly as though it liked them and
was glad of so dainty a resting place. ,
The number ! of new shirt waists, is so
great, and the kind so varied,, and the
tints so bewildering, that one is lost in
any attempt , to describe them. In buying
It is .well to count one's money and j to
place it upon the shirt waist that looks
the 'prettiest. Let the money go Just as
far as It will, for all shirt waists aro
cheap, considering. ;
Cheaper to , Buy.
' You can get more for your money In the
shirt waist market than in any other one
department.'- Thatis the general consen
sus | of I opinion, and , It is one to- which
most women - willr assent. If : you can \ do
better than buy your " shirt waists ready
made- then you are either a very clever
seamstress -. yourself j or ;• have an "• extra
clever one working, for you. , - ]
. One feature is particularly noticeable in
the new shirt waists." : They combine great
simplicity of outline with . great elabora
tion, of detail. ; ; .
The shape is plain, almost severe, but
L the goods may be inlaid with lace and the
> '¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ ¦ i&m&ffl
the shape of a heavy leather, pair, with
half-high heels, wide toe, broad tongue
and black enamel buckle, with button
strap "underneath. " • '
The sensation of the hour is the Du
Barry heel, which is three inches* high.
This is for a house and piazza shoe, but
it is worn In the street. For the street
leather is best; but for the house there
are satin shoes and shoes of thin un
glazed kid. The Du Barry is worked with
beads on the Instep and the tongue is
very tall and much beaded. But the fea
ture is the heel, which is three inches
high and more.
The woman' who gets up things herself,
inexpensively, can purchase a pair of
French-heeled shoes and have lifts added
to the heel- until they are very hiarh in
deed. Then she can bead. the toe and the
tongue. Thus she gets a Du Barry cheap.
The high boot Is a pretty thing. It Is
very tall and It la laced up the front. It
may be foxed with patent leather to give
it a finish. But the pretty part lies in a
tiny bow of black satin, which is fastened
on the instep with a buckle through the
bow. Imagine a high shoe with a buckle
and bow on the instep. And. Just fancy
calling it the perfectly correct • thin* for
the street. .-¦-.-¦
The Pedestrian Shoe.
The pedestrian high shoe is a marvelous
thing, in aggressive proportions. v It • is
wide and flat and It is stitched around the
vamp and across the tip and stitched
elaborately up each side of the lacing.
For the house the Louis XV heel, which
is a tall, French heel, will be worn on
ties, slippers and low . shoes . of all - de
scriptions, b«t for the street the Cuban
heel leads, for it is the tail* straight, nat
ty, square heel, slightly curving in at the
back. It resembles the military heel.
The Oxford ties come in all materials
and are very neat; and one must have
white canvas Oxfords with white kid tips.
One can also be comfortable In black can
vas Oxfords with black kid tips. >Th»
leather or kid tips hold the shoe in shape.
So, with the great array, of shoes from
which to choose, it is not to be wondered
at if the woman, of ambition and pretty
feet finds herself with a dozen, pairs and
longing for more v
There is this about a multiplicity of
shoes that they are no extravagance.
They will "keep" and one can go back, to
them. and wear them until they are worn
out. And, with the later day methods of
building Jow shoes with heavy soles, it is
possible to wear the low shoe all winter;
and this is what many a woman did and
will do. For the field sports a good low
shoe is best of all.
The New Stockings.
Summer stockings! Banish prudery,
away with quiet taste! Let the old fogy
wear her black cottons and the woman
behind the times rejoice in her plain llsles.
The woman who is up with the times
will have hosiery so fancy that she will
blush to behold It and all .the summer long
she will be lost in' bewilderment at her
own temerity in wearing: such gay leg
gear.
. Yet these stockings are > not bad form."
For the street, to wear with the colonial
slipper and its gun meta.1 ¦ buckle, there
are gun metal stockings with stripes run
ning around the leg. i • Between the gun
metal stripes there are black open work,
slip stitch bands. These stockings, while
not. of the hue of ebony, are not what is
known as loud, as they pass unnoticed in
a crowd. '.:.-.¦ -. v : . .. '. :'i ': ¦ ',•¦'¦¦ \ ? ,
For those who simply- will not wear
stripes In the street- there are the beauti
ful shell stockings, the lovely in- wrought
black figures, ; the dainty yossamer silk
ones 'and the stockings of black with
nothing but ..their fineness and a mono
gram at the side to make them out of the
ordinary.. ' . .:• -, * . .
Embroidered Legs.
Empire stockings are. embroidered in llt-
High shoes have their special stocEIngs
when the pattern begins at the. shoe top
and extends nearly to the knee. This. pat
tern is very elaborate and Is in many col
ors. If is not supposed . to. be for show,
since the gown; however high it be held,
should not be' lifted lofty enough to show
the ' stockings above the tall shoe top.
most wonderful hand trimming may be in
the material. This feature is very notice
able in all the waists that one sees and
it explains the elegantly simple look
which even the most expensive waists
have. The straight outline is preserved.
\ More than usual efforts are heing made"
to preserve the busk— not bust— line. The
busk is the long,, straight line from' the
bust to the abdomen. It should be un
broken by a curve and it should be kept,
straight whether one is seated or stand
ing. . .¦...: ¦;/, .. •" _•¦ ¦ .¦ • - -.
With the slender figure this is easy: In-'
deed, it is naturally straight, but whero
there is fullness of figure, look out for
the busk line. The straight. fronted cor
sets preserve it and there are several
shapes that do this without discomfort.
One must study one's shape, however, to
get good results. ,..;*• •.. : -
The girl who. used to paint plaques can
now turn her talent to her own personal
uses. Tli e effort which was made to in
troduce painted lace failed, partially be
cause of the fineness; of the lace that
was required and partly for lack of great
delicacy- of treatment. , .
The Painted "Waists.
But now they are painting silk lawns,
and the /blue silk lawn shirt waists are
gay with orchids which are painted, on
around the waist to look as though they
sprouted from the belt line. The stem3
are long. Blender things, crooked and
not very pronounced, but upon the yoke
and at the back of the neck orchids grow
tn wild profusion. • , . •
• To .' assert', that such a shirt waist is
not durable is to make no tax upon one's
credulity. | It is to be" worn one evening,
another ' evening . and a dance ; then
thrown' aside to be remodeled by em
broidering the orchids right over the
painted'ones. Embroidery will clean, but
a painted silk muslin runs small change
of coming, through the mysterious ordeal
with any /claim to beauty. .
; And, by; the v way,' the cleaner keeps his
processes this i year "as mysteriously j. se
cluded as the | secrets of the lodgeroom.
How he . doea It, what with • and whether
it smells in:the doing none but he knows,
and he will not tell. Let the summer
woman experiment - with her cleaning
stuffs.'-; :'• ; "> ¦' ~iy -' ' • ¦.-.. ->
Should- the girl with ; the - palette and
brush get /gay 'with her colors she can
tackle a mousseline," whi,ch takes water
colors "very well/ " .; :
/They are making the shirt ' waists of
moussellne and crepe de chine,* with
skirts to match. The waistd are touched
lightly with the paint brush, but the
skirts are absolutely pastoral in their
great rose sprays, which trellis up and
down the skirt. -
Mrs. Paderewski's Gowns.
Mrs. Paderewskl has^: as many nice
clothes as she will ,buy, for her adoring
husband sees in each new one a harmony.
She specially has shirt waists "Ameri
caine" of ,raany hues. She owns a very
fine assortment of vari-colored taffetas,
and for "zee style" one can look over her
wardrobe to educational advantage. She
wears her clothes weir and buy3 them on
this side, a thing that Americans would
not, do so badly to Imitate. Her favorite
color is green, on the acacia tone.
;Mrs. Herbert, daughter of Mrs. Wilson,
and one of the King's American favorites,
has been purchasing many handsome
gowns on this side of the Atlantic. Red
and purple and white are the only colors
to' be worn abroad. Miss Leiter'a ward-*
robe, which she takes over with her for
the coronation, has many gowns in these
hues. " . '
But the crowning stroke of national
pride, was put upon our native American
fashions by a French fashion journal.
This paper, long regarded as an inter
national dress authority, recently wrote to
a fashion writer of New York to send it
regularly two American columns per week
tilled with the latest American modes.
Specially does Europe look to this coun
try for its new color tones and for its
skirt outlines. So Paris comes to New
York for its novelties Just a3 It has al
ways gone to London for its tailor-mades.
A Summer Discovery.
A new washable shirt waist -has been
discovered by some Mrs. Columbus out
on a watery voyage! .
It has been learned that the ! all-laco
shirt waists, these in Irich crocheted and
in the liower patterns of heavy variety
will wash better after the lacy patterns
have been traced wtth narrow , satin rib
bons. •¦',
This is very good" to know, for the rib
bon makes the ¦ lace tougher and more
durable, and if it can be easily laundered
so much the better. The waist is certain
ly made more elegant by this tracery of
ribbon. .."¦ •
-Strlng-colored ; lace makes up Into very
charming shirt waists, and now the latest
cry is to trim the, lace shirt waist with a
sailor collar of tan linen and with tan
linen cuffs.
Buttons of a light. amber color are used
on the waist, and there is a tall tan linen
stock with a little lace point sewed on th«
front. The stocks are now "either pulled
dewn in front to. a long point or are cut
pointed, to secure . the long slender neck,
which has come into vogue with the Ion?
waist.' ¦«..-'. :..
.There are a few articles of dress for
which only American women seem to
bows facing each other, opposite th» *
opening. Long ends trail, of course, down
each side of the. front.
The Daffodil Hat.
Then there Is a hat of black crin
trimmed with daffodils and there are
black silk stockings with r. bunch of daf
fodils growing so high tLat you do not
suspect they are there.
Nothing remains to be supplied but the
skirt and the happy owner of this daffodil
set can pick and choose between a black
taffeta or a daffodil yellow face cloth.
Perhaps she will want to come out in a
white pongee, for the white pongee skirt
will be seen this summer.
The long coat, be It ping pong, auto,
Monte Carlo, coaching, colonial, empire or
Eugenie, will be worn and you can really
take your choice and still be in tha
style.
The Du Barry long coat must not be
forgotten. It blouses around the belt a::d
it is full in the skirts. It fastens all the
way down the front and quite covers
you up. It is pretty In satin for evening
and very fine in covert for rain.
There is a very pretty coat which must
not however, be worn by heavy figures.
It Is three-quarter length and comes
barely to the knees. It has a box plait
on each side of the front which is fasten'
3LTS r i b t U> bnl7 to box a^ ain Wtow
in sUk a ° Oat ** Very fa scinatin S
Shirt waists in the very light tones. Just
smart T !t V 6 White> "e considered
smart. Lace color, which is very faint,
ooks well with rose colored ribbons and
ivory is charming with coral..
Shirt Waist Sleeves.
: The shirt waist sleeves show a full arm
gathered into a tight cuff, which ia only
a band of needlework after all, but there
are other and more elaborate sleeves worn
on shirt waists and of these' the mandolin
Is ore of the prettiest. -
The mandolin always shows the drapery
at the back, and clever modistes. In mat
pig wash shirt waists, are slitting triera
from the elbow to the cuff and nnishinjr
the edges with lace.
Then, underneath this shirt waist, there
Is worn a loose baggy undersleevo which
Is pulled out through the silt so that it
hangs long and low. This inside sleeve ij
independent of the outside and can fca
changed at will. Thus will talent triumph
over circumstances.
Have you heard of the latest fancy In
waists and are you "up" on what is to bo
the fad for. the summer?
This interesting departure ia no less
than the preparation of shirt waists for
the different months.
A pretty debutante who will grace the
Saratoga season has . white lawn shirt
waists, embroidered in pink roses for
June, and for August she will be bril
liant in red. geraniums. upon a gown of
blue mull. She owns golden rod fancies
for September and ever her busy fingers
are at work upon one more shirt waist.
This,youns woman, who ia a prize ex
hibitor at a very- gilt edged embroidery
show, rejoices In doing her own decorat
ing, and it is her taste to buy the plain
lawn or batiste -or linen or mull or challie
or fhesemi-decoraterl materials and em
broider them herself. She buys her v/aiots
ready made and tlnishes them with her
own -hands — not an impossible task by
any means and highly commendable from
a dressy point of view.
It is discouraging to think thit the shirt
waist season has only- just begun, far,
with the advent of July, there are sure to
be novelties and it looks as though Au
gust would keep bringing in new articles
to tempt the dollar from the flattening ¦'""
purse.
have a fancy, and with them It amounts
to a craze. One of these Is the shirt
waist Another ia the shoe-and-stocking
question, to which no European woman
Beems alive. But the American fancy 13
traveling over the ocean, and soon we
shall have the French women, the Vien
nese and even the London women looking
to their footgear and studying delicate ef
fects. Now one notices too much* sol©
and too little daintiness in these matters.
The Pinky Hyacinths.
A shirt waist that was called a "dear"
was a pinky-red hyacinth color. - It was
trimmed with white insertion put on so
that It ran around the waist, under the
arms. .
The waist buttoned in the back and
through .the very open meshes of the in
sertion one caught a glimpse of a beauti
fully finished white lawn corset cover. It
self elaborately trimmed' with lace around
t*-e top.
The cover was all In one piece, one of
those affairs gathered around the belt
and around the neck, but not fitted.
Strips of lace Insertion go round the
cover, two inches apart, and they are
Iinea with lawn.
This kind of a corset cover Is really bet
ter with a blouse waist, for It blouses a
little and seems more in keeping than one
that nt3 snugly under the baggy outside.
It must be remembered that the corset
cover ia at all times visible under a shirt
waist of thin stuff.
A great novelty in dress has Just been
packed In a Newport trunk. It shows a
daffodil yellow shirt waist of silk lawn.
This is trimmed with lace put on In fes
toons around the yoke.
The sleeves are mandolin sleeves slit at
the back with lace or lawn pulled
through the opening, so as to fall In a
bag at the outside of the wrist.
With the daffodil yellow shirt waist
'there Is a ping-pong coat in yellow taffeta
of a deeper shade trimmed with an elab
orate set of black silk bows, put on down
the front In double rosette fashion, th»
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
The Summer Shoe and FashionsAt first I received some email compen
sation from McNulty and his friends for
the first appeal. In working over that I
was convinced of his Innocence. Then the
money gave out, but I kept at It at my
own expense. I took three separate bills
over three different matters and finally
took a writ of error to the Supreme
Court of the United States and went on
myself to Washington to. argue it.
In the meantime I had put into circu
lation in all directions petitions for ex
ecutive clemency, interest having been
aroused in the case and thousands hav
ing come to the conclusion that the man
was Innocent, or . at most grullty of no
greater crime than manslaughter.;
The details of the case would fill a vol
ume, and the strain of it was terrible.
Five times while McNulty was in Jail did
the Sheriff, erect a gallows for his execu
tion. ' : '"- i '; • ; '."¦ - - ¦ ' •
•
satisfied Mdfurty was an tnnooent man
and never should have been convicted of.
anything, and that the Supreme Court
would have reversed the judgment If
there had been any record on whloh It
could act. But the appeal was made with
out a bill of exceptions having been filed.
Nothing was left but to fight on techni
calities. That fight I commenced, and In
earnest, - too.
May .15, Thursday— The children born
upon this. dayj will be of quiet but very
deep natures. They will be <¦ bright and
will spend much time In scientific re
search. The girls will lead placid, domes
tic careers. •
May: 16, Friday— These children will be
of , restless, roving dispositions, and will
change their ; occupations and places of
residence very; frequently. The Doys will
be gifted Inventors, and the girls will be
talented -In artistic and literary lines.
May 17, Saturday— The children born
upon this day will be fortunate In all of
their undertakings: The boys will rise to
high positions through their own efforts.
The girls .will marry, men who are many
years their. senior. ;
this year.
May 16, Friday— This will be an unset
tled year, full of promises but with few
fulfillments, for those whose birthday
falls upon this date. There may be de
cided changes In business, with travel for
some. | All had best care for their health.
May 17, Saturday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this date will experience
a fortunate year in business. . There will
be promotion for those in employ and
great success for professional people
Young people will court and marry.
: Births.
The ohild born during this week will be
impulsive and high-tempered. They will
be i ambitious and energetic. The . boys
should become military men and' the girls
should choose professional careers.
May 11, Sunday— The children born upon
this day will, be hard to manage and will
assert their Independence at an early age.
The boys will choose an : army or navy
life. ., The girls will marry early under
quite romantic circumstances.
May 12, Monday— The children, born to
day will be fond of change • ; and travel.
The boyB should choose positions- with
large companies and corporations. The
girls .will be gifted with histrionic ability
• May 13, Tuesday— The children of to
day, will be quick, with fiery tempers.
They will be energetlo and clever. The
boyB I should follow • pursuits that will
keep them in the open air. \. The girls will
not b© very happy in their married lives
May 14, Wednesday— These children will
be happy, generous and kind.- They will
love diversions and will always be sur
rounded by a host of friends. ¦ Their
greatest .faults will be prodigality and
carelessness. The boys will choose busi
ness careers/and the girls will be talent
ed musicians. '\
Secrets of the Stars Made Clear
THE week beginning Sunday, May 11,
will bring Mars into dominant pow
er, with Mercury and Jupiter next.
These conditions will cause lively
action In all manufacturing lines,
although commercial lines will not ba so
strenuously affected.
Professional people will find this a wusy
and profitable week.
There should be some Important hap
penings In court circles during the' next
seven days. Iron should lead the specu
lative markets, j although there will be a
variable and erratic time, with narrow
margins and a downward tendency in
most things.
Health conditions' are not good. People
will be afflicted with nervous feverish dis
orders.
The weather will be dusty, windy and
disagreeable, with whirlwinds and acci
dents. From the 11th to the 13th. the,wea
ther will ba hot and sultry. From tha 14th
to. the 16th a heavy storm will form over
the Missouri Valley and will move east
ward.
Marriage.
Those who marry during this week will
experience varied matrimonial careers.
Those who marry for love will be quite
happy, although there will be many argu
ments and disagreements in their domes
tic lives. Those who contract marital al
liance from ambitious motives will ex
perience disappointment and misfortune.
Business. IVV-^ ;
May 11, Sunday— This day Is good for
rest, recreation and social visits, ¦
May 12, Monday: This is an unfavorable
day for general business, except in agri
cultural and mining ventures. > ,
Markets open, fair for iron and ' other
minerals, which will be a bit up at »:80,
Stocks up at 10 to 1L : ; Provisions will
be changeable from 12 to L
May 13, Tuesday— Thla day is a propi
tious one for, artistic, literary and dra
matic efforts, and for the advancement of
inventions. Important business letters
should be written between the hours of
7:20 and 8:10 and from 9:40 to 10:40 a. m.
Market opens very changeable, and con
tinues uncertain, up at 11, down until 12,
then up by 1. -
May 14, Wednesday— Importers and
wholesale merchants will find this a prof
, ltable day. This day is also good for oc
cult and spiritual matters. .
Market opens fair, up slightly in grain,
metals up at 10; stocks from 11 to 12. Pro
visions from 13 to 1. "' ,
May 15, Thursday— This Is an uncertain
day. People will change their minds be
fore their bargains are concluded.
The provision lines lead the market dur
ing the forenoon. Prices on all things will
be very changeable. Greater activity will
be noted about noon.
May 16, Friday— This day Is a good on©
upon which to push business and make
large sales. ; Favors should be granted to
day. This day is not propitious for start
ing on Journeys or for changes of resi
dence.
Market opens down, but by 10 grain goes
up; metals by 11; stocks from 12 to L
May 17, Saturday: This is not a favor
able day. There is likely to be some acci
dent to transportation lines upon this
¦ •.date., . ..¦ - . ¦ ¦ . : i ¦'¦¦; ¦¦ .- ¦ . . •
Market opens fair for stocks and contin
ues so until 9:30; provisions up. some from
10 to 11, with a very changeable dose.
• Birthdays.
May 11, Sunday— Those who celebrate
their birthday upon this date will find
success in business during the next year.
There may be some misfortune befall
some member of the family, and care
should be exercised against accidents.
May 12, Monday— Financial and business
complications will' arise for those whose
.birthday falls : upon this date, so all
Tshould use great care In commercial deal-
Ings. Those who are In employ will be
fortunate and .will receive promotion. |
May 13, Tuesday— This. will be an event
¦ f ul year for those who celebrate their
birthday, to-day. There will, be journeys
'and changes. It . will be an active year
: for those engaged , In business ¦ pursuits.
Young men will be successful In court
¦ ships. . -. . ¦ ¦¦¦«.¦-: ¦ ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ : ¦ ¦ '.:•'•¦-,
May 14, Wednesday— Those whose birth
day falls upon this date should use great
care in business matters and should be
; war© of speculation and false invest
ments. Widows and young ; women . will
have . offers • of marriage within the ; next
twelve months. • . V , .
. May 15, Thursday— This will be an un
eventful year for those . who celebrate
their birthday to-day. . Business will pro
gress slowly but: surely and domestic af
fairs will remain unruffled. Young peo
. pie will court but ' will not marry during
In the same connection, and to show
how the crooks in the' country know a
criminal lawyer, there was the case of
two men arrested in San Francisco for
the stealing of a large amount of bonds
in one 'pf the Southern States., I had'no
connection with the case, but about four
or five days after their arrest— long
enough for a telegram to reach the East
and for a man to come in response to It—
a man called at my house after, dark one
evening. He said he did not want to be
seen or known to be In the city, but that
he had been sent from the East to see
me, and knowing I was an attorney he
would place his confidence in me. He said
there were certain men under arrest
charged -with a bond robbery In the East
and he wanted me to see what I could do
to secure their release. He said they
were friends of his, that he was connect
ed • with the robbery— In , fact, had perpe
trated it.
One Instance of this was rather ludi
crous. During a celebration of the Native
Sons at Stockton, which I attended with
the parlor to which I belong, - we were
crowded around In the different hotels
there. One night I went to bed with the
boys as usual. and in the morning found
that some one had been In my room. My
trousers were gone and the door of my
room was ajar. Just outside tha door
lay the trousers, but the pockets were
empty. I Immediately dressed, and, tak
ing Borne of the other young men with me
went to police headquarters ant reported
the burglary of the room and my loss.
The Chief of Police asked me if I could
identify my pocketbook, and said he had
already had a report from the Postoffloa
Department of the finding of a pocket
book... /
i went I to the .postofflce, described the
pocketbook and the Postmaster handed It
to me. It appeared that the pocketbook
had been found by one of the letter car
riers In a mall box. Evidently the thief
on finding my card had made up his mind
I was too good a friend to rob.
While practicing law and defending so
many criminals I cams to have a reputa
tion among them as their friend.
After it was put on the slab with three
men holding the body the strongest Tn^n
In the party made an attempt to produce
the result as found on the body of Mrs.
Griffes, and It was proved to be a physi
cal Impossibility. . •
This case presents a most remarkable
instance of what -a lawyer has to go
through sometimes in fighting a case.
There arose a question as to how certain
parts of the anatomy of this woman had
been injured. The prosecution claimed
it had been done by the use of flowers
found In the room. I claimed that Would
be impossible, that it could only have
been done by the hand and In a peculiar
manner. To establish this fact I Induced
the doctors who were testifying as ex
perts on behalf of the defense to take' me
to one of the medical schools with them
and try an experiment.
We went to the .medical college, and
from the vat In which subjects to be used
by students for operating purposes are
kept the body of a woman was taken out
of pickle and placed on the slab. I -can
never forget the sight of that body, with
every hair of the head gone, no eye
brows or lashes— a bald piece of flesh out
of the pickling vat.
saved the life of Louis Matheney and he
walked out of court a free man.
Another Interesting case^-was that of
O'Neil, the man charged with killing Mrs.
Griffes, the wife of a newspaper reporter.
The woman was found in the Grizzly Bear
saloon on the water front in a lacerated
condition, horribly murdered. The case
was tried before Judge Wells, and I was
always satisfied in my mind that O'Neil
was not guilty of that crime. I am sat
isfied of it yet. The evidence was very
strong against him and he was in such
a beastly state of Intoxication on the
night of the occurrence that he could not
tell anything or lend any assistance In
his own defense as to where he was or
what he did. The case had to be fought
by breaking down the prosecution as far
as it could be done, and I succeeded to
the extent of securing at the hands of
the jury an acquittal of murder. He was
convicted ; of manslaughter - only.
I would go to the jail and hear the men
hammering away at the scaffold, and Mc-
Nulty would be standing in his cell with
a dead-white face and gTeat drops of
perspiration on his forehead.
But each time when I said.good-by ho
would say: "I haven't given up yet. I
know I will hear from you before to-mor
row." And next day the gallows would
come down and I would keep on working
The last time I went to see him and
heard the sound, we had both grown used
to McNulty said:
"If you don't get something don© to
day I'm gone this time; but I won't go on
the fallows."
I said: "John, don't do anything to
yourself. I think we'll win it yet. At
any rate, when there is no further chance
I'll send some one that you can see In a
crowd, and when you see him you will
know there is no chance."
There was no occasion to send any one
On the morning before the day set for
the execution word came from the Gov
ernor that the sentence was commuted to
life imprisonment. •
I'm not through with the McNulty case
yet. Some day he must be pardoned He
¦was never guilty of anything but man
slaughter, and he has already served
more than a full term for that crime.
I defended Jane Shattuck, the mother
of Truly Shattuck, the actress, for kill
ing Harry Poole. At the first trial she
was convicted of murder in the first de
gree. The Supreme Court reversed the-
Judgment, and in the second trial I de-
fended her In connection with Mr. Len
non, making a plea of Insanity, and she
was acquitted.
One peculiarity of criminal cases Is that
when the people are behind bars they ex
press all sorts of gratitude for what you
do, and when they get out they forget all
about it— they forget even to pay you.
Evidence the Shattuck case.
The case of . Matheney, charged with
killing a police officer while in perpetra
tion of burglary, was very remarkable In
this, that the case of the jjrosecuticfn was
wholly circumstantial evidence, which I
met in defense by a case of wholly cir
cumstantial evidence. The case was tried
in Oakland, and on the first trial the jury
stood eleven for conviction and one j for
acquittal; the second time he was ac
quitted. •
The case finally turned on the compari
son of diatoms, or fossil shellfish out of
existence for thousands of years and only
found in mud. They are -microscopic,
and cannot.be observed with the naked
eye at all. •
Matheney's claim was in alibi, that he
was hot in Oakland on the night of the
shooting, but was in Sausalito. , It was
the night of one of the greatest storms we
evei*" had here on the bay, and the mud
and dampness on his trousers were made
the turning point in the case.
He claimed to have been walking on
the beach at Sausalito, and on seeing a
rowboat adrift to have waded out from
shore to bring it In, thus accounting for
the mud and dampness.
The prosecution claimed he got the mud
in Oakland climbing- over roofs of build
ings and making his escape down the
street. ' ' .
The trousers w,ere brought into court,
and a bottle of distilled v/ater. The water
was poured into a basin and one leg of
the trousers dipped into it and wrung
out. The water was found to contain
salt, which proved that the trousers leg
had been wet with salt water, not rain
water.'. ....
From th© other leg samples of mud
were taken and put under a microscope.
Samples of mud from Sausallto and from
the streets of Oakland were also put.un
der the glass; and as the prosecution- had
changed its theory and decided that the
man must have been in the mud on tha
beach on the Oakland side, samples were
taken all along. by the slaughter-house
and Brooklyn and diatoms from these
were put under tho "glass. ¦ > ,.
Then Professor Hllgard . and' other sci
entists were called in, and the several
specimens were compared. There was
found in one * of the samples from the
trousers a diatom which the scientists
testified were very rare,, none, of them
having ever been found except on the
coast of South America. . This one was
particularly beautiful, and they all tes
tified that it was remarkably pare. In
the samples of Sausallto mud was found
a corresponding diatom, and no diatom
of that kind could be found In the Oak
land mud. . Therefor© it can be Bald that
this Infinitesimal. thing called a diatom
IX twenty-six years at the bar and
six on the bench a man has enoueh
interesting experiences to fill a good
sized book.
My experience in court goes even
farther back— back to the time when as a
boy I would beg my father, then in the
height of his fame as a criminal law
yer, to take me into court with him. I
well remember fitting in old Judge Dwin
elle's courtroom and listening to the trials
of Kpuval for the murder of Carrie Dia
mond by chloroform, Duane for 6hootlng
Roes and Laura D. Fair for shooting A. P.
Crittenden. It aroused ambitions in me
to be of the profession, which even then
I had learned to look upon as the goal of
life, and I wondered if I would ever b©
able to plead as those I heard.
I commenced my practice in Buffalo, N.
Y.. with my father's brother. Josiah
Cook, now dead, but then enjoying a fine
practice there; but I liked California and
soon returned, entering the office of Delos
Lake as clerk. Receiving orders was a
novelty to me and it did not take me
long to find out that I could stand no
master but myself. I left his office and
hung out my shingle as a full-fledged at
torney and counselor at law. I have that
shins^e yet. stored away* in the attic, and.
will never forget the pride with which. I
read those gilt letters on the^sanded board
as 1 passed in and out of my office.
About the first case of anv importance
that I had was one in which I attacked
the validity of the dead Industrial School,
with the result that we came near turn
ing- out all the boys in the school.
Then there was the Oldhaxn case. In
which the man was charged with extort
ing money from the woman who had been
his wile. Th« two had been divorced some
years before, but I claimed that inas
much as- the decree had never been re
corded, she was still his wife and as such
could not testify against him. When
court ' convened that afternoon the
woman's lawyer announced that the de
cree had been entered. I again objected
to her testifying on the ground that she
was his wife at the time he obtained the
money and that as they were one in the
eyes of the law he could not be guilty
of extortion. The Judge sustained me and
the case was dismissed.
In the four years spent in the Federal
courts I had a varied experience in prose
cuting stage robbers ana counterfeiters,
fighting Chinese who were trying to get
into the country and looking after cases
of beating on the high seas, where mas
ters and mates were accused of excessive
cruelty.
Resigning from that position Just before
my term expired, I was employed in the
defense of Abe Jones, the celebrated
stage robber. He was tried four different
times before Judge Hoffman. There were
something like fifteen or twenty stage
robberies charged against him, and con
viction meant life imprisonment. Three
times the Jury disagreed, and the fourth
time I managed to secure his acquittal of
all charges except two, which were mere
ly charges of larceny. He was undoubt
edly guilty; but In practicing law I never
allowed a client to tell me he was guilty.
The first thing I would cay was, "You
may or may not be guilty. I don't know
anything about it. You have employed
me to defend you, and if you want me to
defend you I can't do you Justice If I
know you are guilty, so don't tell me If
you are."
No, even if the man was guilty I never
would allow myself to believe It. I could
rot plead for him as earnestly if I be
lieved him guilty. Of course, in criminal
practice every man Is entitled to a lawyer
to defend him. It Is a lawyer's duty, and
his oath of office requires that he defend
a man to the best of his ability. No law
yer has a right to refuse any case on the
grounds of a personal opinion.
I had this brought home to me in the
case of Alex Goldenson, accused of killing
Mamie Kelly, a schoolgirl. He met her
after school and shot her, and the case
created great excitement. A mob was
formed and It almost came to taking him
out of Jail and hanging him.
When the trial came the counsel he had
chosen was engaged in some other court
and could not be present to try the case.
Judge Murphy refused to grant a continu
ance on that ground, and as I happened
to be in the courtroom he appointed m©
to defend him. I declined. I did not want
to try the case. I did not think it possi
ble to defend him. The Judge said I must.
I prepared and presented an affidavit
stating I could not defend the case fairly
as I had read ail about it, had formed an
opinion as to the man's guilt, did not
think I could do the defendant Justice
and begged to be excused. The Judge,
said I could either try the case or go to
Jail for contempt.
There was nothing left but to try the
case, for I did not want to go to Jail, so
I requested that he appoint an attorney
to assist me. He appointed Alex Camp
bell. We went on to try the case, and
from start to finish the defendant never
spoke to us. He sat in court and would
not say a word ; nor would his family say
a word to us. They looked at It that they
had employed an attorney, that the Judge
was wrong in forcing the case to trial and
that no matter what happened they could
reverse the judgment.
We simply had to make the best defense
we could, and there was none to make
The prosecution proved that the man was
unquestionably guilty. We had nothing
to present. The jury convicted him. an 1
the case was taken to the Supreme Court
•where the Judgment was affirmed
Of thirty-three homicide cases I defend
ed during my practice at the bar Golden
eon was the only man I ever had hanged
and I never considered him my client!" '
a very celebrated case was that of John
McNulty, who had been tried before I
was brought into the case and was con
victed of murder in the first degree. He
was defended by J. N/ E. Wilson, and I
was brought into the case when It came
to the Supreme Court. The Supreme
Court affirmed the judgment from which
Wilson appealed, and then commenced
the fight I made on technicalities.
From Investigation of the case I was
tw f 11 ? 1 ? 3 "!, 1 '^aent occurred during
£fL trla^ Senders testified In his own
defense that he had bought the property
from Wootton and had taken the money
to the ranch in sacks of coin. To account
for not having been seen going to th©
ranch he testified that he had gone
around by another road, left his buzjry at
th© foot of th© hill, and taken tha^acka
over th© hill on foot to Wootton's ranch
To test the truthfulness of this I
thought it would be best for the Jury and
all handsr to visit the ranch and eo over
that trail. The Sheriff was wdfred to
hire a four-in-hand bus to carry the
party, and we went next day to tha
Wootton ranch.
On leaving th© bus at tha foot of tha
mountain where Saunders testified ha left
his buggy and starting to climb over tha
nlll two of th© Jurors came near death
from exhaustion without any sacks to
carry. Tha court ltself-myself— befora it
reached tha top of th© hill with nothing
in Its hands was compelled to 11© flat on
its back to regain Its breath. It was thus
established that to carry a purseful of.
gold over that hill, much less tha money
Saunders claimed to have carried, was a
physical impossibility.
On the day of the visit to the ranch I
opened court In the morning at 8 o'clock.
The court being opened, tha Jury, dark,
stenographer, counsel on both sides, de
fendant and Judge all left the courtroom
and got into the bus, and whenever we
came to a place mentioned In tha testi
mony . tha bus was stopped, all hands
mad© a circle around th© place, th© re
porter opened his not© book and tha wit
ness proceeded with tha testimony, after
which recess was again taken to retire to
the bus. Thus the court remained open
during that entire trip (it all being with
consent of counsel on both sides) and un
til we returned to the courtroom, which
w© did not reach until 11:45 that night.
Tha entire session was from 8 a. m. to
11:45 p. m., including two meals taken in
open court, one on benches at tha ranch
from baskets we had taken, and one at a
country hotel la a small town passed
through on tha return trip at supper time.
During the entlra day th© Jury did not
separata nor were th© Jury, defendant or
court separated from on© another.
So recent is the Botkln case that •very
body remembers It. and as it is yet to ba
tried again I hardly think It becoming to
say anything about th© particulars of th©
trial. *•-¦•«••.
Tha" case of a man called Hoff, but
whose real nama is unspellable, was tried
twice before me. As a result of tha ver
dict In tlie first trial I sentenced him to
be hanged. In th© second trial tha Jury
fixed tha punishment at Ufa Imprison
ment.
Tha second trial of that case, as well
as the cooling trial in tha Botkln case,
was occasioned by a decision of tha Su
preme Court wherein on© of the instruc
tions given in the Durrant case, and
which 1 followed, was declared to ba er
roneous. In both of these cases a great
many points were made In the Supreme
Court on appeal, but my rulings war©
affirmed on ©very point raised except as
to this one instruction which in giving
I had copied verbatim from the thirrant
case, which had been affirmed by that
court less than a year before tha trial
of either case, the court holding that
that Instruction should not have been
given -even in the Durrant ease*, though
the case had been affirmed by them ana
tho prisoner executed. The Instruction
was on© which had been given fifty years
before. In the - identical language by
Chief Justice Shaw In th© celebrated
Dartmouth cas©, had been followed by
every court in tha Union for fifty years
and had been passed upon by our owi*
Supreme Court ' in two cases before tha
Durrant case. Finding It in the Durrant
case I felt Justified in adopting it; and
although the Supreme Court, in passing
on the appeals in the Hoff and . oucJn
cases, found all my own language In my
charges . correct, they decided that the
one paragraph put in quotations, the on*
taken from the Durrant case, was wrong,
and therefore 'the two cases had to b©
tried over again. ; *'t*
?»P*i e 5. ase was trled three times, and th©
third time I was asked to go to Fresno
and preside. The trial lasted three weeks
s?£« he was convicted, j sent hlm to
State prison for fourteen years, the long
est term for forgery, and no appeal was
ever taken on that trial.
Another Interesting case \ was that
pf Saunders, accused in Fresno County of
killing a rancher named Wootton: Saun
ders and Wootton had been seen together
t% n t.l^r 9 w on »,* ad £ ev<rr been seen af
terward, vvootton s body was never found,
t n * i o l hat rea son Saunders could not
be tried for murder. Under the law no
m , an / a P fl b *,, convlcted ot murder without
proof of finding of the body or some part
that could be Identified. No trace of tho
body ever having been found, a trial for
murder was Impossible; but as after
Wootton s disappearance deeds and notes
In favor of Saundera turned up he was
charged with the forgery of on© of tho
deeds.
The largest fe© I ever received mu for
the prosecution of Worden an! other* in
the railroad strike cases in 1394. I got J10O
a day for five months. That was tha
largest because the case lasted ao Ion*:
but I have received as much as 13000 for
defending a cas© that required but two
days. '
On th© bench I have had a good deal of
experience with criminals or all classes.
The first man . I sentenced to death was
one named Klose. At first I felt consid
erable anxiety over the proposition of
sentencing a man to b© hanged, but whan
I came to realize that I was merely an In
strument of the law giving voice to tha
Legislature in passing nentenca, I realized
th . at ,S hero was no responsibility on my
shoulders, and from that time to this I
nave never felt any compunction save,
perhaps, in the recent case of the China
man who pleaded guilty to a charts of,
murder, when it was necessary for ma to
determine whether th© sentenc© should ba
death or llf© imprisonment, and I sen
tenced him to be hanged. ¦_
In some cases where terms of Imprison
ment are to be Imposed it is hard to sen
tence a man to a long term; but the pain
It gives me in such cases Is more for the
families and relatives of th© criminal than
for the criminal himself. In fact. I have
had cases where It was a most difficult
task to pronounce the sentence the law
compelled me to Impose not on account
of tHe guilty one, but those who suffered
more than he did. In the Durrant case
i,%? ?fV have U h i 9 task ' « * « a ' with
Judge Bahrs, and he pronounced th© sen
tence. . • •-• J >
The wear and tear of such a life a* this
is something awful. A man can't stand it
always— the responsibility of men's free
dom, their very lives, depending on him,
I could not get away from ft day or
night, and I found that It was tearing me
to pieces. I had to give it up, and that
is how I happened to go on the bench. I
accepted the nomination offered me, was
elected and have been there ever since.
There Is ten times mors money to b«
made In the practice of law than an the
bench, but very little of It comes from
criminal practice. Criminal* hav» no
money to pay lawyer's fees.
I undertook to see what could be dona
¦with the police. I had several' Interviews
with them, and alter each Interview he
would manage to reach my house and I
would communicate the result to him. At
last I told him I thought the only thing
to be done was to return the property, In
which event the prosecution might be
abandoned. He made another appoint
ment to meet me, and coming to my
house brought th« stolen bonds — some
thing Ilka $10,000 worth, I think.
I surrendered the bonds to Chief Lee 3,
and the fellow went off without the police
or anybody else knowing he "was In town.
All they knew was that I handed them
the bonds, and as the robbery had been
committed In one of the Southern States
and I had been here all the time they
could not suspect that I had stolen them.
A similar case was when a pickpocket
robbed School Director Denman of a sold
watch, which he prized very highly, as
It had been presented to him by soma
pupils or teachers.
Before the trial was over I secured th©
watch, and going one day to the office of
the Chief of Police, without any one see-
Ing me do It, I left the watch on the
counter. In the course of the trial I was
able to compel the police to say the watch
had been recovered— they could not tell
how; but as they had to admit they had
not received It from the defendant I
claimed the other fellow must have been
guilty of the crime. I hadn't got It from
the defendant, either, but from a friend
of his.
Being asked to do so, Judge Cook
has detailed some of the interesting
incidents that have come under his
notice in these years of practice in Ms
profession, giving many sidelights
on the character of criminals and the
methods resorted to in their defense.
Perhaps no man in California has
had a wider experience in the han
dling of criminal cases than Judga
Carroll Cook of the Superior Court,
who for a quarter of a century de
voted his attention to criminal prac
tice and who, since going on the
bench six years ago, has presided
over some of the most notable crim
inal cases in the history of the coun
try.
To a criminal lawyer no other
phase of the law presents so much of
interest as the defense of the man
who has outraged the basic principles
cf society. It is the tense human iii
ierest, and the feeling of an inevit
able fight against heavy odds that
makes it worth while.
Nevertheless, it happens that the
bulk of criminal cases is divided
among a very few lawyers — whether
by common consent or the choice, of
the few is hard to say.
x urther, it is a lawyer's sworn duty
to defend any man who seeks his ser
vices regardless of his own prejudices
in the matter.
«-> <? 0 criminal is so mean and so
irM surely guilty as to be denied
ii ii the right of trial, and in the
cause of justice the law provides that
he shall have a lawyer to defend him,
whether lie can pay for one or not.
My Experiences as a
Criminal Lawyer
THE \ SUNDAY CAtl,.
3It started the enthusiasm of Mr. Fair
for the autos, and he now has a
fine racing machine, a Panhard-Lie Vassor,
built in Paris at a cost of JSOOO. Mr. Fair
ones there are a number of others owned
in the suburbs that may quite often be
seen taking a run through the city. Less
than six years ago there was only one
horseless vehicle in the city. It was
a gasoline automobile owned by Charles
L. Fair.
TO be of the truly top crust of so
ciety one must have an automo
bile, for the craze fojj them is
spreading in San Francisco. The
hills have, metaphorically speak
ing, faded away before them and the
park Is always dotted with them.
' There are now a hundred and seventeen
of the horseless carriages of all styles
owned by some of the best-known people
tn the city. Besides these and the livery
The south drive in the park Is now.
given 'up almost entirely to the .use of
automobiles, where once It was a mooted
question if they, should.be admitted. But
the autonecrs must each one pass a thor
ough examination before theVpark engi
neer before they, are considered . compe
tent to be left alone in the park w,ith their
puffing steed. They must show the confi
dence they have" in themselves, which is
really the biggest part of learning how to
drive an automobile: \ they must make
their;- iron «teed 'cut circles, wiggle
through a' winding path and turn, cut the
figure eight on the road, conie at full
speed: down the drive and -just miss run
ning over the dummy figure of an in
fant - thrown at them' from an unknown
spot In the shrubbery by the examiner.
Then th$y are marked down and graded
llko any other," winning class, good, fair,
very good, excellent, Al. With the In
crease in the for, automobiles
comes a corresponding, increase in the cir
cus performances in the park.- For It. is
not always the men who show the,stead
iest and nerviest hand I in these examina
tions. ; Indeed, one man through his nerv
ousness, went at the dummy figure with
such a rush that his machine stood poised
for a few moments on hind wheels,
and then he jumped out, while the machine
went over on its. side. But he escaped
touching the helpless child by about an
inch! But so far the best park examina
tion has been passed by a young woman,
and a beginner at -that. |
: So popular ; has the ! automobile become
that there is to be in the hear future an
Automobile -and Sportsman's Show at
Mechanics': Pavilion, . . /.
about the city for years, but the auto
•was an absolutely unknown quantity.
Horse-owners . and pedestrians alike' op-'
posed it on general principles, but '. the
"autoneers" persisted and demanded a
license from the Park Commissioners.
The Commissioners in their turn had no
standard on which to base their judgment
of the efficiency of the applicants and bo
a series t ot experiments,, which, however/^
proved an excellent school of instruction^
to all parties concerned, was finally r£
sorted to. - Even now the license applies
to only certain parts of tho park.
ish Columbia was one of the first ones to
make a long trip and also one of the ear
liest automobile drivers in San Francisco.
He made the trip to L.O3 Angeles and re
turn with his machine soon after purchas
ing It. ¦'" ".
A. Wettauer is an enthusiastic autoneer
and has. made the trip to Los Angeles in
his handsome White carriage In six days.
R.: C. Lennie made a notable trip with Dr.
Bangs from San Jose'to the top of Mount
Hamilton: They made the trip of twenty
eight miles- in two hours and fourteen
minutes, riding, against a rise of 4400. feet
some years ago. Bicy
cles in one form or anoth
er hack been familiar' objects
dividing honors with ijhe
annual horse show as a so
ciety function. Indped, It has all
the pomp and circumstance, the silt
-and slitter, the tine livery and smart trap
pings—in short, all the opportunity for the
brave display that made the horse show
so popular, minus only the tan bark and
the noble equine itself.
Long trips with ' automobiles are no
longer unusual. Miles T. Baird last year
made a trip into the Yosemite with his
locomobile, and Judge W. Spinks of Brit-
.Xn Chicago and
kew York the auto
mobile show has been
in the twenty-eight miles.'" •¦ j
E. Courtney Ford is, young and popular
and . can afford . to have all the horseless
carriages he wants. ' He was one of the
first to • believe " in the vehicles, and had
one of the nattiest . that could be bought.
He has tnade a ; number of trips to Del
Monte and the other resorts as an auto
neer, and he is in love with the sport.
Accordingly he has ordered a touring
cart, an up-to-date machine seating four,
which will cost, when completed. $3000.
Mr. Ford looks forward to some great
trips with this. :¦.
• There ; are not i so far a great many
women In San Francisco who have the,
confidence to act as their own autoneer
of chauffeur.. And it does take confidence
to guide a machine successfully in " and
out of the maze of vehicles on some of
the business streets. It Is hot a difficult
matter to learn ? how -to run an automo
bile. That can be done In a quarter of
"an hour, but the/thing is to rim It. i That
can <be; done-by some in fifteen days/
Others may, hot accomplish ; it in three
timesjthat length of time. But there are
just four or five women in the city. who
run , their own machines, and run them
fearlessly, and' well, r . :
. They seem to have caught the Idea from
the '.very beginning and. make the auto
heefs" of the sterner sex look, to, their
laurels^
1 The first of them Is Miss ,8arah G.
Drum, who Is one of the cleverest au
toneers in the city,' and handles her
handsome automobile with a. " confi
dence and dash superior to that of many
men .chauffeurs. Her automobilo- Is an
unusually handsome vehicle ia. Its Unta
The fight for the privilege of the park
was a particularly difficult one— more dif
ficult by far than the crusade waged by
the cyclers for the same privilege some
Moonlight runs are in high favor . with
the club now, and they sometimes extend
out into the open country. A favorite
trip is through the south drive in the
park, out on the Golden Gate road to In
gleside and back. Twenty miles an hour
is the usual speed, But some**-" ma
chines make from thirty to fifty or sixty
miles an hour^out In the country. ,; They
climb grades and plow through mud in
a v/ay that makes the horse envious, land
still experts will tell you that the auto
mobile is a long way from being per
fected. Already they are not so expensive
as they were a- couple or more years
ago, when they were in the experimental
stage. Then a. man paid fifteen and
eighteen hundred dollars for a7raachine
that must renew its motive power , every
twenty miles; now he can uuy for from
eight to thirteen hundred dollars a' ma
chine, that will run three times the. dis
tance without putting him to the incon
venience of stopping for a renewal of mo
tive force.
It is the smart thing now to. call oneself
en "autoueer," and it seems to be quite
the most suitable and convenient word
that has. yet.been found to designate the
person driving an automobile. The term
Is In. fashionable and popular usage in
the Eastern centers, where the horseless
carriage is firmly rooted as a pleasure
giving vehicle'
is also accounted to be very swagger In
having his own chauffeur, an excitable
Frenchman right from- Paris. Mr. Fair
also has an electric automobile. Now is
the day of the Automobile Club of Cali
fornia with a large membership. And
those who do not have their own chauffeurs
find much pleasure in running their own
machines. -. In fact, the owners of, auto
mobiles take great pride in the skill with
which they drive, them.
An exclusive way of entertaining la to.
give an automobile party, and few en
tertainments could give more 7 , healthful
enjoyment, to; say nothing of .the fash
ionable siae- of ! It. : Mrs. -G. w. Reed and
her Miss Violet Jacobs, whose
rooms at- the .Occidental have been the
center for much hospitality, gave a swell
automobile party last November, tha
first and most successful function of the
kind^ yet given; in San . Francifcco. The
following ladles were guests of Mrs.. Reed
and Miss Jacobs for the run and also at
an "auto" luncheon served at tha Occi
dental afterward: Misses Catherine and
Paulina Ivancovitch, Gertrude 1 Sullivan,
Bernadette Robinson, . Louise and Jose
phine TUlmann and Ethel McCormlci.
Several society, girls who do.'notTye't
profees^to be autoneers are still extreme
ly fond of th» automobile as s, means of
Both Mr. and Mrs.- W. H. Talbot thor
oughly enjoy automoblllng, and their
stylish machine is a familiar one on Van
Ness avenue and in the park.' Though
Mrs. Talbot does not operate the carriage
herself, "she is fortunate in having a
coachman who is an expert chauffeur.
With his handsome livery,, the Talbot
automobile makes an elegant turnout.
Mayor Schmltz, though he does not
run an automobile, -is fond of riding- in
one, and enjoys taking a run through
the park in the; afternoon with his wife
and a" competent chauffeur.
Sterling Postley, '., a wealthy young
New Yorker, who is spending some time
In San Francisco, is an enthusiast auto
moblllst. He and his wife may be seen
almost any pleasant afternoon speeding
along the south drive In their . stylish
automobile. . * y-
F. A. Hyde, president of the Automobilo
Club of California, is always to be seen
In line at the outing runs of 'the club. He
has a . locomobile and is an accomplished
chauffeur. He is often accompanied on
his trips by his son-in-law, Captain L N.
Hlbberd. Just now Mr. Hyde Is much In
terested In the proposed automobile ex
hibition that may be held here In June.
Mrs. Miles T. Baird also Is fond of
running an automobile, and Is said to do
it well.
Mrs. J. A. Marsh may be often seen
leaving her pleasant home on Fell street
for a spin in her locomobile. She also is
fearless and Bpeeds along with the wind.
Her husband Is a proficient autoneer,
and together • they ¦ have made many
pleasant trips, and had some exhilarating
experiences. j ':''-(-'•/;.
Mrs. George P. Moore had the distinc
tion of being the first woman to pass the
park examination. Over a year ago she
made her first trip In the park, and since
then has spent a great many pleasant
hours in her locomobile.
taken the examination. The j test of
the dummy-throwing was •met by
her, with a steady hand, and each time
the automobile stopped perilously near
the sham Infant, but Just on the line
where no damage ; was done. Though
practically a beginner in the art. Miss
Hager drives about unattended, and has
grown fond of threading the crowded
thoroughfares with her machine.
tlon, excelling* any ¦ who have so far
And appoint
ments, and
rich in Its col
orings of black
and red. The
earn© coloring: la
carried out in a
plush robe. Miss
Drum says that to act
as one's own autoneer
la the most fascinating
pursuit possible. That may
be one of the reasons -why
she passed as one of the best
in her park examination.
Another absolutely fearless
autoneer , is Miss Ethel Hager,
who recently passed a park examtna-
There is a pointer for Dame Fashion-
Invent an auto hat for women th»* —*•' V
* both practical and becoming.
Another enthuslaatlo woman chauffeur
who was among the crusaders for the
park license and 'who first called the at
tention of her sex to the need of a suit
able costume for automoblllng Is Mrs.
Arthur C. Barker. She can handle her
handsome little runabout with a skill and
daring truly startling, but. as she pointed
°ut, the woman who undertakes to run
her own machine cannot afford to take
any chance of being distracted by Ins3
cure millinery. It requires both hands
and both feet on • most autos to control
them, so the hat that won't stay on
straight In the B^rong wind created by a
swift-flying vehicle quickly proves a nui-"
sance.
When it comes to doing real fancy
stunts In driving an automobile and do
ing them in the genial way that makes
him a favorite both as a pacemaker and
an apt Instructor for those who may be
nervous about their park examinations.
B. C. Lennle is the man. He thinks
nothing of going up and down a flight of
steps in an automobile, and the very idea
of an accident Is unknown to him. He
trips here and there and everywhere, and
Is looking forward to the longest trip of
the California record. Among other well
known automoblllsts are C. A. Hawkins,
G. H. Whitney and C. M. Gardner.
Dr. H, I*. Tevls owns an up-to-4ate au
tomobile, and Is an expert in running 1^
and he confesses to enjoying the sport.
Though a busy man. he finds time to t«>e
a run almost every day.
In Oakland, J. Wlnfleld Pearson stands
pre-eminent as a chauffeur. ' He can drive
his fine much me anywhere, and the
roughest trip, that showed *f»n what an
automobile can do when it really Btaami
up to It, was one In which he plowed
through the deepest mud on & road with
an a per cent grade. He climbed this sno
ceasfully, between Boulder Creek and
Santa Crux.
Miss Beth '. Hamilton, a wen-known
young woman of Berkeley, run* her lo
comobile with skin, and takes many trip*
in the surrounding country.
that account, as properly rnnnfgftA auto
mobiles are less liable to accident than
horses.
Charles H. Crocker has one of the
handsomest machines In town and looks
the Ideal autoneer In his natty cap and
reefer of French kid. He does not have
his automobile foe show, and Is a con
stant frequenter of the park and ether
roads.
Another enthusiastic chauffeur of much
experience is J. Dalzell Brown, vice pres- I
ldent of the California Safe Deposit Coax- '
pany. Mr. Brown has made many long
trips In his locomobile, and 1b always
ready, for another Jaunt. Ellis Parrlsh
of the Gorham - Rubber Company 1* an
other autoxnoblllst who gets much pleas
ure from his carriage. Dr. B. H. MacMoa
agle drives a stylish machine, with a coU
ored chauffeur, and the machine la val
uable to him both for business and pleas
ure. He has had an accident lately, but
will probably not forego automobtllng «a
pleasure driving. Among them is Miss
Marie Wells, -who ha3 once or twice en
tertained her friends with an automobila
run through the park. Among her guests
have been Mrs. George Carr, Mi33 Polly
Dunn, Miss Jessie Fillmore, Miss San
born. Dr. Collins and a number of other
well known society people.
Among the young men of society the
automobile is fast superseding the horse
in popularity. John D. Spreckels Jr.
owns and runs one of the handsomest
electric .autos in the city. It has an Ex
lde battery and 13 capable of high speed.
Edward Tobih often takes a breathing
"space from the Hibernia Bank' and en
joys a trip in his new automobile. It is
very tasteful and smart In style, from the
scarlet and black paint to the monogram
on the side' panels.
: A. B. Costlgan looks more swell than
usual when he gets into his new machine,
and he manages It with much skill. He
goes down to Burlingame sometimes with
the machine, as do many other automo
billstSr- He Is sometimes accompanied, by
bis friend, H. B. Langiure. .
tK9 r^ I I I I *¦ 1
with the
Cfty's "One
seventeen"
HORSELESS CARRIAGES
the -sroraiAY'-:- cAiu;
4THE SUNDAY CALL. '
5Hearts, 9, 6, 4, 3.
Clubs, J, 10, 8, 7, 6.
Diamonds.
Queen of hearts trump, A to lead.
Tck. A. Y. B. Z.
¦ . 1. 4c : 2c 10c Qc*
2. 6h 2h 3h Kh*
3. 7h Kc 4h Jh«
4. 8h 2s 6h Qh*
6. lOh 6s 9h Ah*
6. 4d 3d Be Qd*
7. Bd Jd* . 7c ¦, 9d
8. 6d Ad* 8c ' 8d
. 9. lOd Kd* ' Jc h"?Uid
10. 3c 7d* 3s 4s
11. 6c Ks* 6s , 8s
12. 9c > 10s ' 9s Js*
13. Ac 7s Qs As*
•Winning card.
Y and Z make every trick.
A and B lose every trick.
Trick 1. This lead is responsible for all
the loss on the hand. . :..;
Trick 2. As his partner must have either
ace or king off clubs, and as he himself
has protection, in . both diamonds and
spades, z, of course, leads his quart major
In trumps.
Trick 6. Y's discard of a club and two
spades clearly indicates that his best suit
Is diamonds, and Z accordingly gives him
the best card he has In the suit. This is
perfectly correct, although In this in
stance It makes no difference whether he
Another Easy Lesson in Whist
leads the queen or a small card.
Trick 11. Y in turn gives Z his best card
in spades, for he' can count A with four
clubs, and B and Z with four spades
apiece. On the overplay of - this hand
nine tricks were rained :
Tck. A, Y. ' B. Z.
L *Ac 2c Be Qc
2. 4d Kd *4h . A 8d ,
3. *7h 2c 8s 8s
4. 5d 3d *3h ' 2d
5. *6h 6s 6s . 4«
6. 6d . 7d »6h 9d
. 7. *8h 7s • 9s . Js
8. lOd Jc *>9h Qd
9. *10h 10s • Qs As
10. 4c Kc 7c »Jh
11. 3c j ' 2h 8c «Ah
12. 6s ' . Ks 10c, 'Kh
13. 9c Ad Jc *Qh;
•Winning card. *
A and B make a gain of nine tricks.
Trick 1. This is the common-sense
opening from the hand. As there Is not
hope of more 'than one trick in clubs, and
the four-card : diamond suit Is so weak
the trumps are out of the question, so A
"runs" with his ace of clubs and gets It
in out of the wet. i
Trick 2. A has . four trumps, and does
not wish to give Z a ruff if B has the
king" of dubs, but as his best suit Is not
established, he cannot lead trumps when
void of spades, so he, tries the diamonds.
A and B find a cross ruff already develop
ed, which they play for all it is worth,
while Z glgnajs vainly for trumps.-
ON this important question, What
shall be played with ace and four
others? It Is truly a difficult
question to answer. Believing that
an inflexible rule should not be
adopted In this case, except, possibly, by
beginners, I will quote some rules which
are somewhat dependent upon Individ
ual adaptability.
From a hand consisting of ace and
four small in one plain suit, a single
card in a second plain suit and no honor
in the third plain suit, even if you hold
four trumps with one honor, lead the
ace. •
The fact that five cards are held In
one suit and a singleton in another
naturally would imply an unequal dis
tribution of suits will be held by the
other players at the table; with every
chance that your partner may be short
in your five-card suit, a cross ruff is
one of the probabilities. That your part
ner's five-card suit would more than
likely be the one In which you hold the
singleton seems to present the greatest
possibilities.
From a similar hand, with a high honor
In a third suit (a possible re-entry) and
four trumps with two honors, the value
of the cards with the ace gives oppor
tunity tor the exercise of individual judg
ment as to the advantage most likely to
be gained by an attempt to bring In the
long suit In place of playing for the
cross ruff. If, instead of a singleton,
two cards are held In the second suit,
fourth best is beyond doubt the proper
lead.
From a hand containing ace and four
others In one plain suit, the remainder
of the hand being fairly evenly divided,
with some strength in each suit, lead
the fourth best.
If, with the ace, queen, ten and two
others, or the queen and any three be
low the ten are held, the lead depends
upon the balance of the hand.
If you hold good trump strength and
a re-entry, lead fourth best. If hold
ing no strength in the other plain suits,
even if four trumps are held, lead the
ace. -
The greater the all-round trick-taking
possibilities of the hand, the more ap
parent becomes the advisability of the
lead of the fourth best.
Some claim that the weaker the hand
the greater the reason for leading fourth
best as a protection to your partner by
the refusal to at once give up the com
mand of that suit. . - '
On the other hand, there is the possi
bility that partner, in case he wins
the trick, may lead trumps from- medium
strength In an effort to bring in the suit,
and loss result thereby.
If partner has shown strength In
trumps, a lead of the fourth best from
ace and four or five others In an effort
to put him in_f or a continuation of the
How to Opeo Ace
and Four Others.
BY MRS. E. P. SCHELL.
trump lead Is preferable to a lead from
a short suit. *
Trumps having been exhausted, long
plain suits, headed by ace. often may
be i managed like trumps and leads made
which would not be safe ' under other
conditions.
This deal Is a remarkable whist curi
osity; the lead of the ace gains nine
tricks over 1 the fourth best lead.
Hearts', 10, 8. 7, 6.
Clubs, A, 9. 6, 4, 3.
Plamonds, 10, 6, 5, 4.
z. .•—••.-: Y. .•
Bpades, A, J, 8, 4. Spades, K, 10, 7, B, 25.
Hearts, A, K, Q, J. Hearts, 2.
Clubs. Q. Clubs, K, 1
Diamonds, Q. 9, I, 1 Diamonds,A,K,J,7,8.
:^b. : ' .. •
Spades, Q, «, «, 1
hot griddles Is examples of listless ab
straction to 'em. With sech ' weapons,
too, as guitars, an' fiddles, an' a gourd
half-full of gravel to shake and beat
out the time, they can shore make tile
scenery ring with melodies. Thar they
stops, however. A greaser's moosic never
gets higher than his hands. At singln',
crows and guinea chickens lays over
'em like a spade flush over nines up.
"Most likely, If I relates to you-all the
story of a day among Mexicans, you
comes to a d'arer glimpse of their loves
an' hates, an' wars, an' merrymakln's.
Among palefaces, Mexicans, like Injuns,
retreats a whole lot . into shyness and
timidity, same as -one of these yere cot
tontail rabbits. But among themse'fs,
that a-way, when they feels onbuckled
an' at home like a hossthief in Looslana,
their play runs off plenty different. Thar
fore, a gent's got to study Mexicans from
the angle of their own"home life If he's
eager to rope on to concloosions con
cernln' 'em that'll j stand the test f
trooth. ¦ •
"It's one time when I'm camped for a
week, mebby on the Plaza Chaparita.
It's doorin' the epock when I freights
from Vegas to the Canadian over the old
Fort Bascom trail. One of my mules —
the nigh swing mule he is— quits out on
me plumb sick— what the greasers call
'mucho lnflrmo,' an' I has to lay by ontil
that mule recovers his sperlts.
"It's a fiesta or holiday at the Plaza
"Whatever be their axnoosements? Ev
erything on earth amooses 'em. They
has so many holidays, Mexicans does,
that they are plrootin* about constant
grinnin' an* chatterin' like a outfit of
bloojaye. No. they ain't singers none.
Takin' his feet an' his fingers, that
a-way Mexicans Is mooslcal. They
emerges a heap strong at dancin* an*
when it come to a fandango, hens on
"But what's the use of dilatin' on sav
ageries like that? It's slckenin*. I could
go for'ard an* relate how' they makes flour
with a stone rollln* pin In a stone trough;
how they grinds coffee by wroppin' it in
a gunny sack an' beatin' it with a rock,
but where's the good? It would simply
go lowerjn* your estimates of hoomanity
to no good end.
rot.eous by me, I'm shore I'm willin' to
powwow. Mexicans, as a herd, is stunted
iin* ondevelopeO, - mental an' physical.
They bears the same compar'son to \. ...te
folks these yere little bronchos Uoca to
the- big bodies back in the States. In in
lellt-cis Mexicans is about 'leveii hands
high — about the size an' savey of ten-year
•ild youugor.es. To go into one of their
jirr.crow plazas is like retreatin* back'urd
thiee hundred years. Their idecs of agri
culture is plenty primitive. An' thtir
minds is that bogged down In ignorance
you-all can't teach 'em nothin*. They
clings to their worm-eaten customs like
a miser to his money. Their plows is a
wedge of wood; they hooks on about three
yoke of bulls — measly, locoed critters — an'
with four or five greasers to screech an'
herd aji' chunk up the anamiles, they
goes fctiimpedin' across an' back on their
sandy river-bottom fields— the same bein'
abcut as big as a saddle blanket— an' they
calls that plowin'. They sows the grain
as they plows; sort o* scratches it in; an*
when it comes up, they don't cut it none
the same as ive-all harvests a crop. No;
they ain't capable of sech wisdom. They
pulls- it up by the roots an' ties it in bun
dles. Then they sweeps' off a clean spot
of earth, like the floor of one of them
brickyards, an' covers it with grain same
as if it's .g. big mat. Thar's a corral con
structed 'round it of posts an' laTiats; an'
next on top of the mat of grain, they
drives in all the loose burros, cattle,
goats, an' all things else that's got a hoof;
an' tharupon they jams this menagerie
about until the grain is trodden out.
That's what a greaser regyards as
threshin' gran, so you can estimate how
ediotic he is. When it's trampled suf
ficient, he packs off the grain stalks to
make mats an* thatches for the 'dobies;
while he scrapes up the dust an* wheat
into a blanket an' climbs onto the roof oi
his casa an' pours it down slow onto the
ground, an' sb it gives the wind a openin'
to get action an' blow away the chaff an*
dust.
"Well, son." he resumed, "if you-all as
soomes the chances of bein* misled er-
"Doc Feets is the one white gent I en
counters who's willin' to mete out to
Mexicuns a squar' deal from a squar'
tlcck. 1 allers reckons these yere equities
on Pctts' part arises a heap from his
btin' a scientist. You take a scientist
like Peels an' the science In him sort o'
submerges an" drowns out what you-all
might term them racial notions native to
the hooman soil. They comes to con
cloosions dispassionate, that a-way, sci
entists does; an' Mexicans an" Injuns
reaps a belter racket at their eddicated
hand*. With sech folks as Old Man En
light an' me, who's more indoorated an'
acts on that arrogance which as I e>
plains belongs with white folks at birth,
inferior races don't ha\'t no dazzlln' show.
Wherefore I goes into camp ag'in on the
assertion that I ain't to be trusted with
any discreet an' ackerate picture makin'
of ilexicacs."
'"For all this," I insisteds "so on and
give me your impressions of our neigh
bors over the Rio Grande. I'll make al
lowance for the prejudice you speak of."
Copyright. l?02. by Robert Howard Rus
t-ell.
•-» V EXICAXS?" repeated - Old
f\/\ Cattleman, following my in
\ Y I quiry, and he vouchsafed a
I meditative eye; "Mexicans?
Which I shorely doubts if I'm
;t proper party to be historian of Mexi
cans. Nacherally 1 abhors 'em; an' when
a pent abhors anything, that is a Cau
casian gent, that a-av.ay. you-all can
gamble the limit he won't do it jesticc.
His piejudiecs is bound to hit the surface
like one of these yere rock ledges in the
mountains. 13e white folks ag'in Mexi
cans? Son, the paleface is ag'in every
body but hims'ef: Me::ic;ins, niggers, In
juns. Chinks— he's ag'in 'em all: the pale
lace is the most overbearin' an' insolent
of races, an' because he's the gamest
lighter he allows lie's appointed of Prov
iOence to prance 'round, tyrannizin' over
an* miikin' trouble for everybody who
ain't his color. Shore. I'm as bad as
liibers; only 1 ain't so plumb bigoted that
1 don't savj?ry the fact.
else their moccasins in the baile. But the
padre shakes his head. He allows it's a
heap better to let the public vent its
feelin's concemin* the saint. He explains
that when the sheep get well the corigre
gation'Il round up the image, give him a
reproachful talk an' a fresh coat of paint,
an* put him back on his perch. The
saint'll come winner on the deal, all right,
the padre says.
" 'Besides,' argues the padre. It is on
necessary for - Dore blinded mortals to
come pawin' about to protect a saint.
These yere Images,' he insists, 'can look
after themse'fs an' oring affairs to a
focus. They finds the way outen thelf
troubles whenever they gets ready.'
"At that j we proceeds f or'ard to the
Casa Dolores an* that promised Valley
Tan, an' leaves the wooden saint to his
meditations on the grass. After all, I
agrees with the padre. It'3 the saint's
business to ride herd on the interests of
the Plaza Chaparita: an' if he goes to
sleep on the lookout's stool an' takes to
overlookin* sech plays as them sheep get
tin' sick, whatever is the Greasers goin*
to do? They're shore bound to express
their disapproval; an* I reckons as good
a. scheme as any that a-way 13 to caper
up, yank the careless image outen his
niche with a lariat, an' lam loose an* cavil
at him an' criticize him with a club.
Which if Images has any savey, that par
tic'lar image mighty likely acquires a
notion from sech treatment of how bad
the public feels over his conduct.
"This yere fiesta at the Plaza Qiaparita
is a day an' night of laughter, dance an*
mirth. But it ends bad. The padre an' I
is over to the dance hall followin' out In
vestigations touchln* the Valley Tan, an*
the padre explains to me how, nacherally.
he permits to his people a different be
havior from what's possible among; Amer
icanos.
" 1 studies for the church In Baltimore,*
the padre says, 'an' thar the priest must
keep a curb on his Americano parish
ioners. They are not like . Mexicanos.
They're fierce an* headlong an' go too far.
If you let them gamble, they gamble too
much; if you let them drink, they drink
too much. The eviltof the Americano Is
that he overplays. It Is not so with the
Mexicano. If the Mexcano gambles. It Is
only a trifle an' for pleasure; If he drinks,
U Is but enough to free a bird's sons la
hi3 heart. All my people drink an* dance
an' gamble, but it's only play; It Is never
earnest. See! In the whole Plaza Chapa
rita you find no drunkard, no pauper; no
one Is too bad or too good or too rich or
too poor or too unhappy.*
"Then the priest beams on me like he
shore disposes of the question; an* since
I've just been drinkln* his Valley Tan. I
don't enter no protests to what he states.
Moreover, I ain't none certain he don't
call the turn a whole lot.
"Whatever is that bad endln* to the fes
tlVUes I alloodea to? Son, I mighty near
forgets concernln* that. An' I oughter
not; she's shore sad enough as a event.
"As me an' the padre sits lookin* on at
the dance, a senorita— of the pore peon
class, she is like all except me an' the
padre— with a dark shawl over her head,
drifts Into the door like a shadow. She's
little; an* by what I sees of her face, she's
pretty. As she crosses in front of the pa
dre, she stops an' sort o' cripples down
on one knee with her head bowed. The
padre blesses her, calls her Chiquita; then
she goes on. I don't pay no onusual at«~
tention; though, as me an* the padre
talks. I notes her. casooal, where she
stands with her shawl still over "her head
In a corner of the dance hall.
"Across from this Chiquita Is a young
Greaser an' his sweetheart. This girl is
pretty, too: but her shawl ain't over her
head; an* she an' her muchacho from
their smiles an' love glances is havin* the
happiest of nights.
" 'That looks like you'll have a weJdin'
on your hands,' I says to the padre, ir.dl
catin* where the two is courtln'.
" 'Chiquita should not stay here,* says
the padre, talkin' to himse'f. With that
he organizes like he's goin' over to the
little shawled senorita in the corner.
"It strikes me at the time that the pad
re's remark is a heap irrelevant, that-a
way. But I soon sees that he onderstands
them topics he tackles from time to time
a mighty sight better than me. The pad
re's hardly moved when the senorita Chl
quita saveys he's out to head her off.
crosses the dance hall swift as a cat, an'
flashes a knife into the heart of the
laughing girl. The next moment tha knife
is planted In her own.
"Son, it's the old story— so old an* com
mon thar's not a new word to bo said.
Two dead girls; love the reason, an* tha
jealous knife the trail. Thar's not a
scream, not a word; that entire baile
stands transfixed. As the padre raises
the little Chiquita's head to discover if
life still flutters onder her bodice. I sees
the tears swlmmin' in his eyes. It's the
one time I comes nearest thlnkin* well
of a Mexican; that padre, at least, can be
described as 'tolerable'."
Chaparita. The first local sport I con
nects with Is the padre. He's little. lean ;
brown an' friendly} an' has twinklln'
beady eyes like a rattlesnake; the big;
dhTerence being 'that the padre's eyes
Is kindly an' full of fun, whereas the
optic of rattlesnakes is baleful that
a-away an' devoid of humor utter. Shore;
rattlesnakes wouldn't know a Joke from
the ace of clubs.
"The padre's on his way to the 'dobe
church, an' what do you-all figger now
that divine's got onder his arm? Hymn
books, says you? That's where your sur
mises gets onto a dead kyard. The pad
re's packin' a game chicken— which the
steel gaffs, drop socket they be, of latest
sort, is In his pocket— an' as I goes squan
derin' along in his company, he informs
me that followin' the services thar'U be
a fight between his j chicken an' a rival
brass-back belongin' to a party named
Romero. The padre desires my presence,
an' in a sperit of p'liteness I allows I'll
come ldlin' over onless otherwise engaged,
the same bein' onlikely. *. J
"Son, you should have witnessed that
battle! It's lively, carnage; yes; the pad
re's bird wins, downs Romero's entry the
second buckle.'
"On the hocks of the padre's triumph,
one of his parishioners gets excited,
shakes a chicken outen a bag an* pro
claims that he'll fight him ag'in the world
for two dollars a side., At that another
enthoosiast gives notice that if the first
parishioner will pinch down-, his bluff to
one dollar— he says he don't believe in
losin' an' winnln' fortunes on a chicken—
he'll prodoose a bird an' go him once.
"The match is made, an' while the
chickens is facln* each other a heap fever
ish an' fretful, peckln' an' see-sawin' with
their heads for a openin', | the various
Greasers who's bet money on 'em, lugs
out their beads an' begins to pray like
they ain't got a minute to live. Shore,
they're prayin' that their partic'lar chlck
en'll win. Still, when I considers that
about as many Greasers is throwln* them
se'fs at the throne of grace for one as for
the other, if Providence is payin' any at
tention to 'em— an* I deems It doubtful— I
figgers them orisons is a stand-off.
"As the birds goes to the center, one
party sprinkles something on his chicken.
At that the opp'sltion grabs up his bird
an* appeals to the padre. He challenges
the other's bird because he says he's been
sprinkled with holy-water. \
"The padre enquires, an' the holy'water
sharp confesses his guilt. Also, he admits
that he hides the gaffs onder the altar
cloth doorin* the recent church services,
so they'll acquire extra grace an* power.
"The padre waxes plumb severe at this,
an* declar*s the fight off, ah' forfeits the
doctored chicken an' the gaffs to him
se'f a whole lot— he's representln' the
church — to teach the holy-water sharp
that yereafter he's not to go seizin* onfair
advantages, an' to lead a happier an' a
better life. That culprit don't say a word;
he simply passes over his chicken an' the
steel- regalia for its heels; you can bet
that padre's word is law In the Plaza.
Chaparita!
"FollowinV this yere fiasco of the holy
watered chicken the Mexicans disperse
themse'fs to pulque an' monte an* the
dance. The padre an' me sort o' sa'nters
about; me bein' a Americano an* htm
what you might call professionally se
date, we-all don't go buttin" Into the
baile nor the pulque nor the gamblin*.
The padre su'gests that we go a-weavin*
over to his camp, which he refers to as
the Casa Dolores— though thar's nothln'
dolorous about It, the same beln* the
home camp of mirth an' hilarity, that
a-way — an' he allows he's got some Val
ley Tan hived -up that'll make me forget
my nationality if studiously adhered to.
It's needless to observe that I accom
panies the beady-eyed padre without a
struggle. An* I admits, free an' without
limitation, that said Valley Tan merits
)he padre's encomiums an' fixes me in my
fav'rite theory that no matter what hap
pens, only the best happens to the church.
"As we crosses the little plaza on our
way to Casa Dolores we passes in front
of the church. I relates a incident slm'lar
y ere to fore; but thar on. the grass, same
as I tells you-all former, lays the wooden
image of the patron saint of the Plaza
Chaparita... This figger is about four foot
long, an' thar's a hosshalr lariat looped
on to it where' them Mexicans who gets
malcontent with the saint ropes him off
his perch up in front of the church.
They've been haulin' the image about an'
beatln' it with cactus sticks an' all ex
pressive of disdain. I asks the padre
why his congregation engages itse'f in
studied contoomely toward the plaza's
saint. He shrugs his shoulders, spreads
his hands a lot, palm out, an' says it's
because the plaza's sheep gets sick. I
su'gests that him an' me cut in on the
play an' rescoo the saint; more especial
since the image is all alone an' the outfit
that's been beatln' him up has abandoned
said corrections to drink pulque an' exer-
Wolfville Stories
THE SUXDAY CALL.
6
M S02f y YOU KELQTFLD BLAVB lm'Piu HMtHTEfr THAT BATTLE!*
jby Alfred
Jctexury
OLDSMOBiLES,
THE MANUFACTURERS' CO.,
26 FREMONT ST.
SOUS AGENTS FOR PACIFIC COAST.
" : '* *•¦'- ii I. ' I, ¦
Price $750.00; With Top $800.00
WESTERN ATJTOMOBrL.E CO., 203 LarWn street \
• ' San Francisco, Sales Agents
GENERATE DESCRIPTION. 8
The Oldsmobtle Is a gasoline carriage weighing bnt 800 Dounda Tn«
range of speed Is from three to twenty miles per hour, over citv streets
boulevards or country roads; the light weight and mode of construction
enabling tha carriage to run smoothly over rough or heavy roads that
would be quite . Impassable for those of a heavier type. It is tested before
shipping with a load on a 20 per cent grade, and as the grade of the aver-
age hill is only 10 or 12 per cent, our teats show the vehicle to have amole
power for any section of the country. .. ',-,?.
The supply tank holds about four gallons of gasoline a-auantltv suffi-
cient for running about 100 miles, depending on conditions of the road
SUB AGENTS
C. H. LETCHER, San Jose. A. JI. WRIGHT Stockton
Electrical Engineering and Supply Co.. Sacram^to '
GREGORY & CO.. Fresno. W. R. BROWN Marvsvllla.
CRIPPEN & CHURCH. Los Angeles. UWiSl
J. C. CUNNINGHAM, Le Grand, Merced County.
We want agents in every county. Write for terms and catalogues.
THE MANUFACTDRERS' CO. 26 Fremont St
8AN FRANCISCO.Typewriter Invention lhat Will
- Send Messages.
... . ¦ - « w . —
IT is possible now for the, operator of
, a typewriting machine to print a let
ter, send it, at the same time, by wire,
; to a; distant place, and have it re
.: ¦ corded in print on a similar machine.
The combination of typewriting machine
and ¦ electrical i apparatus -tfiat enables 'the
operator, to perform the feat is known as
the typo-telegraph. •
The printing telegraph system In this
movement all the way. up and down the
spine. : j - : ¦-.•.¦ . •
After the massage is over, turn upon the
back, that the shoulders may lie perfect-,
ly fiat on the couch for five or ten min
utes, with the head: but little inclined.- .'.''¦:
The shoulder movement forward and
backward is very necessary to correct a
stooping carriage and bent back. With
the - hands ' resting -' on' the; hips,, both
shoulders' are .first, moved forward evenly
but vigorously and then drawn backward.
The elbovs mi|st also be moved forward
and backward as far^as possible, but the
upper part of the body and, head'is held
erect. With, the backward movement of
the shoulders '. inhale and ,with ! the for
ward movement exhale. ' • ', ". ¦¦' .
A bent back may be .straightened by
manipulation; hollows are also filled but
in the same way and curves perfected:
' Almost ¦ every" one has a 1 low shoulder.'
This is 'caused in | various ways;', certain'
muscles are contracted when walking/ 'or
one shoulder is held higher than the other
or. the head is • carried a little to one side:
Often I this ' pne-sldedness Is the ¦ result of
seemingly trifling habits', like leaning ••' to
one r side while sitting. 1 -^ "'.:" ' ¦¦¦:"• ¦¦¦..• *' : )}
I To correct a want ; of ormlty in . the
' , ¦ - ' ''¦ I . ¦.-¦- • ¦' '
shoulders,- several times during the day,
with; the arm dropped by the side, raise
the low shoulder slowly but strongly as
high as possible, : holding 'it there while
counting ten. Then lower -slowly. This
will by degrees increase . the height of
the. shoulder. . : .
A shoplderimay.be too high as well as
too low; . in such case draw the. high
shoulder down; ' keeping it so for a ' few
moments. Practice this at Intervals dur
ing the day. ; •>; • .- .:.;-¦¦•'¦¦-¦'
¦ If- there is no inequality in the should
ers', it is still a good ' exercise : to raise
and lower the j shoulders simultaneously.
It not only. develops. the muscles, strength
ening them -if 'they i are ,weak,;but It lifts
up the ; upper ribs,' so that the upper por
tion of the cavity, of the chest is enlarged
and activity of respiration promoted.
Important Details.
: She who' ha's the Interest of her shoul
der blades : at ' heart always keeps the
following rules " tucked ' away in "her
.¦'mind; for immediate reference:
VTry to push- the" shoulder, blades to
. gether 1 many times during, the day." . '
W Roll the : shoulder . backward and for
ward.' .' ' " ' ¦'. '.¦.'. ' ' - . ' .
.'v Walk or stand /with the hands 'Clasped
acetic acid one-half ounce, crushed gum
camphor one dram, oil of rosemary one
half dram, oil of bergamot one-quarter
dram, oil of cinnamon one-quarter dram,
oil of lavender one-quarter dram, oil of
neroli one-auarter dram.
Mix and shake well until the camphor
is dissolved. Keep In a tightly corked
bottle and pour a little into the bath
water. Always bathe the shoulders with
distilled or rose water. A paste for the
shoulders and arms which gives firmness
to the flesh is made by adding to the
beaten whites of two eggs two or three
teaspoons ' of rose water and . one-half
tablespoon of alum. Spread on tha
shoulders and cover with a' linen cloth.
Keep ' on over - night or air the evening
before going to. the dance.
Longest and Most Costly Tun
nel in the World.
THE railway tunnel under the Simp
lon Pass between Switzerland and
Italy is the biggest thing of Its kind
yet attempted. A quarter of a cen
tury ago such a project would have been
quite infeasible. It differs from the Mount
Cenis, Mount St. Gothard and Ariberg.
tunnels not only In being longer, but also
In being a continuous rock tunnel, uncon
nected with the outer air by a .single ver
tical shaft.
Its length will be 19,731 meters— mora
than twelve miles— as against 15,000 me
ters for the Gothard, 12,800 for the Cenis.
and 10,300 for the Ariberg. On the other
hand. It will be only 6S7 meters— less than
2300 feet — above sea level, whereas the
altitudes of the others range from 33CO to
4600 feet. The low elevation avoids the
steep grades of the other lines and se
cures for the approaches comparative Im
munity from snow blockades and ava
lanches. •
At some points the tunnel will be more
than a mile below the surface of the
mountain. This fact at one© suggests on»
of the difficulties of the work. The tern-,
perature of borings in level countries rises
a degree for each flf ty-flve feet of da
scent. In mountain borings the Increase
13 less rapid, but the most favorable esti
mates predict a temperature of 104 da-.
grees Fahrenheit for. the deepest, part of
the tunnel.
In the central part of the Gothard tun
nel, where the temperature was only 83
degrees, the men could work only five
hours a day and had every third day off.
In the Simplon workings the tempera
ture is lowered and the- air. vitiated by
human exhalations and the smoke of ex- ;
plosives, is renewed by means of ventilat
ing pumps of 500 horsepower, which fur- .
nish 3600 cubic feet of fresh air per sec
ond. The tunnel is being worked froui
both ends at once. On June 30 the Italia??
end had attained a length of 5000, the
Swiss of 4000 meters. The work is there-,
fore nearly half done. It was begun '
August 1, 1S08. The date fixed for ita .
completion is May 1, 1904. The coat of
actual construction is limited to 514,000,
000, but auxiliary and unforeseen expenses
will probably bring the total cost up to.
$16,000,000. The Mount Cenis tunnel cost.
in proportion to length, just half as much
again. • -
The workmen employed number SoCO,
The method of construction is original
and ingenious. Instead of a double trade ,
tunnel, as at Mount Cenis and Mount St. -
Gothard, there will be two single track,'
tunnels about sixty feet apart. These
are being pushed forward simultaneous-,
ly, but only one of them is being enlarged ¦
to Its ultimate dimensions, lined an4 fin-,."
ished. The other' serves for the present
as ; a working tunnel, for ventilation,
drainage and the removal of wreck.
zontal, but. she. doubtless, rested her
v;eery arm on the pretty droop of Celia'?.
Vinon is for email shoulders, and all nte
successors in French literature, writing
of the squarest women in the world, write
in praise of sloping shoulders.
The present fashion -in. shoulders is a
return to the Sir Joshua Reynolds type,
which never varied from the long, grad
uai slope, > It was- the- patrician line ot
the day, and a ; !ady \was bound to have
it. The^ Reynolds shoulder, had a deeper
slope, however,' than - that of the twen
tieth century' beile, but no more beauti
ful or .artistic curves'. "*
The wily . beauty who owns a 'perfect
pair of* shoulders and knows it to be one
of her strong points, discreetly makes
the most of it, and if she turns her back
ou you you. can. easily forgive her, n<>
matter 'how lovely her face. Shoulders
&e,tm to .have sonie hint of the secret' of
eternal youth that escapes the . lips'and
the eyes. Even after time lias lined the
face and throat, shoulders retain 'their
girlish freshness, smoothness and fair
ness. ' ¦ -. ' • '•¦.' . - ':• • J
They need care and attention, of "•course,
and often it is left to the owner to de
velop the shoulders'— to . make them 4>eau^
tiful, firm and self-reliant. ¦ '¦',
To be confronted with outstanding
shoulder blades 'is a hard fate. But once
a woman concedes the point, and con
fosses to herself that she is in danger of
having small, angular and featherless
1 win^s, and that she would rather be a
woman than an' -angel, there Is little or
nothing in the way of flattening that
.may not be accomplished, and in a few
Weeks' time, with the aid of a' little pa
tient intelligence, she may give herself
the shoulders of perfect womanhood.
The trouble all lies* with. three muscles,
and that they are troublesome may be
judged from their names— trapezius and
rhomboidei. The former is one large mus
cJe which begins .at the base of the skull
and continues down the spine for some
way, branching out en route to the shoul
der blades; the rhomboidei are the two
muscles between. One very good exer
cise -for bringing them into subjugation,
if they are refractory, is to move the
arms in a circle from the shoulders until
the shoulders are so supple that the
backs of the hands can be placed to
gether behind the wrists without curvo
of the arms. The circling, of the arm
from the shoulder inward, not outward,
is. another aid for acquiring a graceful^
contour. ¦ • ¦¦• ¦' - . r •
Another helpful exercise is to lie face
downward, place the . hands, under the
shoulders, and raise the body upon \ the
knees until the arms are straight. For
the second movement raise the body up
until the toes and hands l are the only
points-of support. .
While -lying face downward, if the' aid
of a friend can be invoked, massage
should be, applied. The muscles on each
side -of the. spine are taken between
thumb and fingers and rolled; then with
the palms of the hands the • rhomboidal
muscles are kneaded, by using the rotary
lacking no curve, unhampered .by drap
ery and standing out in graceful relief;
oi>e beholds wonderfully beautiful shoul
ders—the dream of all true artists.
Broad and square are the shoulders of
the Sistine Madonna, but for his celestial
Galatea Raphael chose shoulders narrow
and rounded. Gainsborough gives us
E-mail, highly bred shoulders; with Du
Maurier they are square and heroic. Nor
is literature altogether agreed. Anna
Karenina had sloping shoulders as the
most conspicuous of her graces. The
heroine of "Peter Ibbetson." of course,
las them square. It can only be inferred
¦^jU Rosalind had them wide and hori-
(Copyright, 1902, by S. S. McClure Co.)
f->f MOOTH, clear-skinned shoulders
V^X are among the chiefest of a wo-
V J man's beauties. They are also the
rarest. /
TVe see faces that are bewitch
ing, eyes that are entrancing, mouth3
that are tempting— but shoulders— well.
it is or.ly once in a while that a woman
possesses a shoulder which is exactly
modeled, exquisite in nneness and full of
expression.
American girls are credited with pos
sessing mo\ artistic shoulders than their
LZnglish or French cousins, and also more
perfect arms, the one often being the ac
companiment of the other. In England
a girl is taught to hold her shoulder^
back, throw her chest out, and to take
iong strides in walking. A squareness
of the shoulders results from this train
ing that develors angularity later on.
Epaules de porte-manteau are the re
proach of the French woman, a porte
ir.anteau being the Fre/ich name of the
little, high-shouldered contrivance which
is used in a wardrobe to hang a cloak
or a jacket on. The French girl, how
ever, knows how to use her shoulders
to advantage; she speaks with them as
some women with their eyes, emphasiz
ing her words by expressive little slirugs.
V.'hen she says something particularly
droll, her supple shoulders help to con
vey the meanine.
The fashion in shoulders is constantly
charging. In classic times tttey were
broad and strong. One has but to study
the Venus de Milo to behold the model
of ideal shoulders. The absence o^arms
r>nd the peculiar twist of the neck bring
into stronger prominence than they. would
otherwise have enjoyed the shoulders.
particular Instance has passed the experi
mental stage and as two machines havn
been In operation for some time in tha
office of th« superintendent of telegraph
of the Long Island Railroad Company In
tha station in Long Island City tho in
ventor has reasons for hoping that his
system may revolutionize all existing
methods of telegraphic 'communication by
land wires, because of Its quickness, sim
plicity and cheapness. He says that his
invention can be operated over any dis
tance; that any number of Intermediate
stations can be Included; that It will
transmit messages at a speed beyond the
skill of the most rapid operator: that the
correct transmission of messages is in
sured absolutely; that It will supplant the
stock ticker, and that It may be placed
On circuits in conjunction with the tele
phone for private use.
In operation the operator strikes a key
and sends a combination of electrical Im
pulses through the contact points and the
distributor. The proper bar receives
through Its magnet the impulses and
prints the letter, numeral or sign Indi
cated on the key. At the same time the
Impulses go over a line wire and repeat
the operation on a similar machine. For
instance, the combination for the letter
key for A sends one Impulse, then two
A may be 121. The pressing down ef the
key for A sends one Impulse, then two
impulses and then one impulse. The elec
trical apparatus picks them up and diJ
tributes, them to the magnet of the type
bar of A. The bar moves to Its place of
printing and the impression on paper fol
lows. After the impression the motor
moves the roller carriage along and the
machine is ready for the sending of xnor*
impulses. The rapidity of the operation
is equal to that of ordinary typewriting
and superior to that of the system of tele
graphing fn common use. The impulses
can hardly be distinguished, one from th*
other. Each combination goes through
during the downward movement of each
key or the space bar.
Of course, the machine at the receiving
end of the line must have its electrical
apparatus arranged for combinations sim
ilar to those of the sending machine. The
impulses go through properly except dur
ing line disturbances, as in ordinary teleg
raphy. By the use of the first four nura-.
erals the combinations can be almost un
limited: In private use the sending and
receiving machines can employ selected
and secret combinations. On circuits for
business messages and press news re
ports the several machines can employ
general combinations. The combinations
can be changed at any time, so that the
.leakage of information by wire tapping
can be avoided. The current necessary
for operation is the same as that for or
dinary telegraphing. By means of a sim
ple switch the line can be used for the
Morse system, the telephone or the typo
telegraph. The typo-telegraph, it has
been claimed, can be operated over any
telephone circuit, and a message can be
printed in the absence of a subscriber.
The Inventor maintains that the typo
telegraph may be arranged so that a mul
tiplex system can transmit six messages
simultaneously over one wire— three in
opposite directions— allowing 240 words a
minute for two Operators. Under such a
system the message would be recorded on
a tar>e. • . ¦ ¦
The two machines in Long Island City
have been operated over a line to Mon
tauk Point by the south shore and return
by the north shore, so that the tests un
der climatic conditions have been satis
factory to the inventor and the superin
tendent of telegraph of the railroad com
pany. Until now information concerning
the Invention and its operation has been
confined to a few persons— Brooklyn Dally
Eagle.-
behind the head and the elbows Via*
apart.
. Stand now- and again during the day
with all the posterior parts of the body,
¦o far. as possible, touching a vertical
wall.
Put the hands on the hips with the
elbows back and the fingers forward.
To make the skin satiny In texture
and Ivory white in color, the- shoulders
need an occasional kneading with an
emollient. Nothing is better than:
Cream balm— "White wax one dram,
• paraffin one-half dram, oil of sweet al
• monds three drams.
, Melt over a gentle heat, stirring well,
. then add - ten drops of extract of violet.
A rough skin can be made fine, soft and
beautiful by this treatment together with
'¦ frequent bathing of the shoulders In very
\ warm water, ' followed by a. dash of cold
i water.
V If. the -.¦kin la oily an aromatic vinegar
should be used once or twice a week.
The following is a valuable recipe:
Aromatic vinegar— Alcohol three ounces,
• •,"¦«¦-
Square, round or sloping,
they are beautiful if exactly
modeled and full of expres
sion — In classic times they
were broad and strong — The
present fashion calls for the
Patrician type of a century
ago—^How to develop the mus
cles and correct outstanding
shoulder blades.
THE SUJSfDiY: GALL,
7
My Lady's Shoulders
and how to
Make Them
Beautiful
ee0099Q9099©0909G990«609«eG08C9$999099ee090G®
e ©
g •' • t
O Once a conscientious person thought he ought to own an auto,;: ©
© Sought an auto, bought an auto, just because he thought he ought to.
© Then the auto sought to auto, as an auto ought- to auto, 2
© But he found that naught the auto ought to do was what it sought to.V C*
q Then a crafty agent fooled him en another make of auto— •¦ • ''/''" ®
© Newer model, later pattern, one just out for 19-^02.' : " : ' ;- » r ~ 9
2 Thought he'd bought a '02 autc which would run as autos ought to, . ©
& But he found a little later that the bought new 'C2 auto *L
© Wouldn't auto aught's he thought a '02 auto ought to auto. >' . ®
Q ¦ , d
0 Then ne bought a '02 White, ] . 2
© And his troubles all took flight, Q
2 For it worked exactly right— - ©
O The Auto Kin.r, the 'O2 White. ®
2 • . . • ©
5 Now he autos just the auto which a wise man ought to auto, ©''
0 And the auto always autos as an auto always ought to.. %
® Njever will this auto fail him; never will he say this auto ©
q Wouldn't auto aught's He thought a '02 auto ought to auto. '"_ q
© For he has a '02 auto, which to auto is delight — O
§ The Autocratic, Automatic, Auto King, a '02 White. ¦ 2
8 .. . ,.. ¦¦-¦'¦-I
d The White is "King" of automobih-s, as well of sewing machines. Send 2
Q to us for a copy of the "Official Report of the Automobile Club of America" S
(9 on the endurance contest from New York to Buffalo. It proves beyond all
O question that the White is superior in every detail to all other carriages, q
Ktea m or gasoline. '.' ' • q
O w e believe It is the only carriage built of any kind that the average Q
® man can undertake to use with success. The man who builds them can Q
6 run any of them, but anybody can run a White— no water glass, no burn- Q
© - ing out of the boiler; nothing to do but turn on and off the power and ©
O fcteer the wagon. No complicated cog wheels to break, no sparking devices &
© to get out of order; no noise, no smoke, no smell, no vibration. No defect- ©
© ive running gear construction, which on most gasoline wagons multiplies ©
0 the cost of the tire maintenance to several times that of the White car- ©
© riage. . .-'.©•
© It has the highest class of workmanship and best materials in.'lt and &
O a margin of safety in all parts that make repair bills about one-tenth of ©
j* what they are on any other automobile. Write for 1902 catalogue, or call •©
at our offices, 2W Post street, and jjive us an opportunity of proving our ©
? assertions. Our motto: "The best Is the cheapest." If you '.buy a cheap ©
~f automobile, you will fir.d it far more expensive in the long run than ! If ©
J^ you bought a White in the beginning, to say nothing of the loss of the ft
q use of it and loss of time occasioned by break-downs and repairs. 2
I WHITE SEWING* MACHINE CO. |
1 C. A. Hawkns, Gen. Mgr. ; S
g 300 Post Street, Cor. Stopkton. |
© Tel. Black 11CG. San Errfncisco. Cal. 9
os9@o©ti©o9ee9d9eco9(r©9©9©©ee9G9©©©9©9©oe©e©e©6tyle all their very own. In fact, it is
known in the shop as the
The same frock is worn, but the coat is
different. In the first place, it Is always
blue. Just a dark navy blue. A little
double-breasted affair that just 'covers the
skirt and allows the bare legs to peek
out. With the exception of white braid on
the large collar . and two white flags on
one arm, it is absolutely without adorn
ment. And yet it is swell. Its very sim
plicity makes it so.
Another coat of blue is made to fit
snugly. The ripples are cut in the skirt,
: Exactly the same hat is made in white
with a dash of the blue around the very,
edge of the brim and the ribbon- is of the
blue as welL The larger these hats are
the more becoming they are to the ma
jority of children. But many times they
would not be appropriate. Then the linen
comes in. Just a white linen or. pique
and stitched many times. -Naturally they
are smaller as the material would nJt
admit of too much breadth. Somet'mes
the crown ;is made of the white/ and
sometimes It is ¦ made of patent leather.
very broad and . rolls decidedly. The
crown is rather low and has a soft piece
of satin ribbon that ties on one sids and
hangs over the brim and often touches
the shoulder. All that navy may sound
very dark for. a child, but remember that
the very best . designers say that young
people are the 'only ones who should ever
wear black or dark colors. Their com
plexion is fresh and soft ' and will stand
it, while it often ¦ proves exceedingly try-
ing for an older person. >.;
"When we consider that one-third, At
least, of the average life Is included in
the child estimate we can see that the
total would be much greater than I have
given.it. There are times, too. when
under excitement, or when feverish, o.
when the system la otherwise stimulated
out of its normal relations, the breathing
is greatly quickened, and so these Influ
ences would again tend to increase the
total which I have given, both as to the
number of times a person will actually
breathe in a lifetime and as to the quan
tity of air. But the figures will serve to
give you an idea of the assault each man
makes on the air about him, and, if you
will pardon the slang, they will convicfk,
all of just being just a little windy. Don't?'
you. think so?"— New Orleans Tlmoo-^
1
times during each minute, and It Is esti
mated that with each respiration a ""i
will inhale about one pint of air. There
are 1440 minutes in a day's time, or twen
ty-four hours. Assuming that a man will
breathe twenty times every minute, we
find that in twenty-four hours he will
have breathed 28.S0O times. In a month's
time, or thirty days, the man will have
breathed 86,400 times. Allowing 363 days
for a year, we find that he will breathe
10,512,C0O times In from January to Janu
ary. Take thirty-five years as the aver
age ler.srUi of a man's life and we will
find that* a man will breathe 367,920,000
times. If he lives to be 50 years old he
will breathe 525,C00,CC0 times, and if he
touches the ripe old age of 100, which
often happens, he will have breathed
1,031,200,000 times. Now how much air will
he breathe in that time? One -Dint for
every respiration. Roughly speaking. It
has been estimated that under normal
conditions an adult will breathe about
10,000 quarts of air every twenty-four
hours, or about 2500 gallons. Thl3 is about
300,000 quarts every thirty days, and about
3.630.0C0 every year. If a man lives to
reach the average adopted, 35 years, he*
will have breathed during that time abotjj^
127,730,000 quarts of air, or about 31.<i32.500
gallons, which is several barrels when you
come to think of it. Of course, I have
made no allowance for many conditions
which 'necessarily enter Into one's breath
ing,, and hence my results are merely ap
proximations. There is. for instance, the
difference between the breathing of the
adult and the child. While a grown per
son will breathe nineteen or twenty times
every minute a child will breathe any
where from twenty-five to thirty-five
times.
OF B^aWlS
ft 3f OW often will a man breathe , In
na lifetime and how much, air do
you suppose h« will breathe In
during; the period of his natural
lifer' asked the young man who baa a
penchant for statistics. "When w» besln
to figure on the thing we are almost In
clined to believe that the windpipe is a
very much overworked organ. It Is gen
erally agreed that an adult, under normal
conditions, will create nineteen or twenty
All sorts of materials are used and Idl
colors as welL But for practical purposes
wa.sh goods is far better and the child is
not forever bothered with, "Now, do be
careful and not soil your dress." This
is the bane of every child's existence.
The Burlingame people have adopted a
Another swell Blip is made Of soft white
linen. The back and front has three box
pleats and the side body has a pleat In
serted in the skirt, so that there is quite
a kilt effect. It is ever so much more
dresslike than any of the others, but does
not appear girlish. Where it fastens at
the sides are three rows of pearl buttons,
and they are put on In zigzags and in
clusters of three. That in itself is chic.
The collar is a turn-over ohe and is fin
ished with the French edging that is so
popular and so neat. The belt has the
three buttons on the side that holds it
in place after it has slipped through the
buckle of the linen. By the way, this slip
is longer than the others, too. It comes
just a trifle below the knees and does not
show the knickerbockers at alL
Such suits are not only nobby looking,
but they are extremely Doyish looking —
are something that the girls have not as
yet infringed upon, and the sterner sex
glory In their exclusiveness.
three tucks and a band on the insertion
and so on to the all-over belt. The sleeves
are the bishop, but the cuffs are tucked
solidly and the fullness gives plenty of
elbow room.
made of all-over embroidery and is fin
ished with a de#p ruffle that matches to
a nicety. The V part has a cluster of
part the same ¦ impression. The collar is
A slip a little more elaborate is made
on the same plan, although it does not im-
part of it has a broad band that runs
about two inches from the edge, and that
meets the pique that was turned back Tor
a hem. On the edge of the collar may
or may not be a ruffle of embroidery.
The sleeves are the bishops and are
guilty of no trimming or even^ buttons.
They fasten snugly about the wrists and
altogether have a very trim appearance.
and insertion. The little V-shaped piece
has row after row of insertion until it
hides Itself under the collar. The sailor
Exactly the same thing. But the color
changes. Nothing but white is smart.
For a drive the sailor effect Is worn, but
the Blip is dressed up with embroidery
These play gowns come in all sorts and
conditions of colors. In red and white,
solid red, in blues, greens, plaids, checks
and stripes. Anything that will be ser
viceable and yet be jaunty at the same
time.
Another morning frocl: Is made of red
and white striped pique. The frock part
is much shorter, coming four inches
above the knee. It is buttoned directly
down the front, but has a little V-shaped
effect that is always seen with a sailor
collar. The belted effect Is not forgot
ten, of course, and in nine times out of
ten it adds just the touch that takes
cway that ordinary look.
object so seriously to.
in the back, but that makes a V in front.
Under this play frock is worn a pair of
knickerbockers of the same material,
and, as a rule, they show a little, a very
little, but nevertheless they take away
that girlish look that so many people
The back must be loose, but with no
fullness. The front is plain, with the ex
ception of a white lapel tha* narrows un
tilTfit reaches the bottom of the kilt-
Th'e collar is a tiny stand-up affair bor
dered with the braid. A swagger effect
is given by a be|t that fastens snugly
So if you like you can buy everything
that will suit Johnnie and feel absolutely
satisfied with yourself and everybody in
general. There is a costume for all oc
cas-ons. Nothing has been left out.
Commence, for instance,'- with the
morning. White is not the color at all.
For two reasons durability must be con
sidered, and then there should be one
color more nifty than the others. Take
a blue madras cloth, plain blue, and
make it into a plain slip trimmed with
white braid and you have something that
defies all things that go to make up a
boy's enemy.
dren's garments,
There, thought the man! If one
woman worries about her boy, certainly
they all do. for all women are alike
when it conies to clothes. And he went
to work and made a specialty of chil-
There was a man who felt that he was
needed in some particular line of- busi
ness, but he couldn't exactly figure what
line it was that needed him most until
his wife worried him to death with
"How shall I dress Johnnie?" How?
That didn't trouble him in the least as
long as the child looked', well and was
comfortable. Finally his wife said: "It
seems to me you might help me out.
Tou could if you wanted to, and I don't
know how to do it."
That is the all-absorbing question that
one hears at a social gathering, at a tea
and on the street. What is the matter
¦with the child naturally enters one's
mini, but when the youngster bobs up
you understand at once. Invariably he
Is between four and seven. Too old for
a baby and too young for a boy. That
is what causes all the trouble.
How shall you do it?
¦ *r
THERE are boys who are too young
to go into the hands of a tailor,
boys wh are too old to be turned
over to a modiste, but who at the
same time muc-t be clothed.
Just whatever pleases one's fancy the
most, but those made of the one material
are more serviceable. Both may be
washed and that means a great deal with
little people's clothes, particularly boys.
Of course it is not necessary to say
that all these little things should be worn,
with socks and patent leather boots. In
one -respect the girls have the best of
the stocking question as they are entitled
to wear the fancy open-work ones and in
colors, while the boys are restricted to
plain black. Th« little man cannot erea
•port th« color* and design* that tho
•Ider chap may; blade. Just plain ordinary
blaak la all that Dame Fashion permits.
With clothing selected from »uch an a»\
•ortment as Is dally offered one Master
Johnnie certainly should look a perfect
comrade for Mistress May, and ths nnrss
who follows in their wake to see that
they do not make mud pies nor play with
children "not In your class" may feel
assured that her charges are u fit u
man and money can make them.
1902
you^G
S\kh £H /*ar /b* pa pa
w^fcj C^ft b" Per
5FPSCTS.
©P
• THE' SUNDAY G ALL .
but the waist is plain. One lae«e pearl
button serves as a headlight, and certain
ly it does not do anything else, as smaller
ones under a blind button the coat.' In
stead of blue stitching white silk takes
away a little of that somber appearance
tj^at is so apt to come with dark color. -
But all coats are not made ofr blue nor
of dark colors. Tan is a great favorite
and is particularly fetching when it is
made after the Gibson fashion. The Gib-
son x;oat must necessarily, be tTimmed, and
a light Italian, cloth braided with, a silver
and bark brown makes just about as fit a
garment as can be Imagined.
These little. coats are lined "with satins
and silks and are every bit as soft and
comfortable- as father's is. Many , times
better. For instance, a light coat would
look queer lined with a dark color, and
anyway when it is worn with a white
frock the color might rub, so .white satin
is Just about the proper thing." Agafn If
the material is heavy and will not "slip on
easily, a soft silk is chosen, but the color
is not considered.
And hats are another consideration.
Well yes. Many a costume has been
made or marred with less than ; a hat.
Linen ones are made for the boys as well
as for their sisters. Designers are every
whit as careful to see that the numerous
accessories are what they should be/is
they are , that the Russian blouse is not
an eighth of an inch too- lone. -
. The young man who plays with the girl
of fashion must have, everything just so,
his clothes must be just as fashionable
as his companion's, and just as attractive
for that matter. So for a dark blue coat
he wears a dark blue hat. ' The brim is
How to Dress the "Little Man"9It takes a wrestle with good breeding, the moth
of enobbery flickers and dies. , " -'
Mary Ann-rNone of the Dooleys were snobs.
Reilly— No. nor the Reillys.
Mary Ann — True for you.
Reilly— The Reillys were all ter-seeing : 'xn'en.
My father was a pawnbroker and so am I, but
I never raised my. boy Ned -to business. '
Mary Ann— Ned. Is not aahamed of It.
. Reilly— No, nor me. ' ',
Mary Ann— Then why didn't you raise Ned
to.it? u. 1 . - ' ...•.¦ . • .: " y. ;
Reilly— Well, there is something about! our
trade that prevents & man feeling. alsy in high
society. My father could have been an 11. P.
at home but for his .calling. Our particular
profession must not be mentioned in the' gilded
salons of the upper circles. There'a a margin
bet'una pawning a railroad- and an eight-day
clock. The poor welcome me with a smile, and
However, Miss Stone is not that sort.
She is a Louisville belle,- one of the great
est beauties in the blue grass State, and
already . she has set half of San Fran
cisco's clubdom by the ears. Beauty alone
will give her fame on the stage. ¦ She had
won a higher place in society before shs
ever thought of the theater. - Sho Is an
intimate acquaintance of Senator Black
burn and his .family of Kentucky; also of
Senator William Mason of Illinois; has
been a brilliant figure at many a White
House reception in Washington; attended
dozens of diplomatic dinners at tho na-
v tion's capital, and even hobnobbed with
several of the Princes and crowned heads
of Europe.
Before. going on the stage she dined at
the same table with Emperor Franz Jo
sef of Austria, and attended a garden
party where the present King of England
was also. present. She entertained on her
private yacht, "The Marlon" (which, by
the way, cost $60,000), has ascended
Mount- Fujiyama in Japan; knows Osaka,
. Nagasaki, Calcutta, Lucknow, Bombay,
Ceylon,. Egypt, South ; Africa as well as
she knows the boulevards of Paris or tha
winter gardens of St. Petersburg. ; She
can come close to telling you tha rates on
excess baggage from El Paso, Tex., to
Ceylon or Port Said. By special author
ity, she was permitted to flre a big cannon
at the famous Agra fort, constructed in
the sixteenth century by tha Emperor
Akbar. Within this fort are the palace
and audience hall of the famous Shah
Jehan and the "Pearl Mosque." Amid all
the famous tombs, mosques, shrines and
temples of the famous old Agra, tha
greatest and most interesting, according
to Miss Stone, is the splendid mausoleum
built by Shah Jehan for his favorite wife,
and where he also lies buried. And by a
recent . chance she met Prince Henry of
Prussia.- She is a direct . descendant of
the Earl of Ross of Ireland, and Sir Rob
ert Peel of Kings County, Ireland, and
Kearneysville and Parsons Town. Irelah'd
were largely owned by her grandmother'
Elizabeth Davenport, whosa recent death
has left -her. mother, a large fortuna. One
of herrancles is ; the Hon. W. Davenport
Whlthead. the prominent financier of San
Jose, CaL _ s 1
Her first appearance upon tha staga
was not with a very prominent theatrical
company, but she had to make j a start
.somewhere if she was to acquire fame
even if she did have money in her own
right to pay. the expenses of a whole com
pany of her own— several of them 1 if need
be.
And now that she has attained to great
prominence, this is. what she thinks of it
all: -
"I think that the public generally
though, Is getting to know too much
about the * practical side ;'of the theater '
and understand too much about the tech
nical things. If I were going to; write a
play, I would attempt -to say things that
tha . public could not entirely understand
You know that In some of tha swell sets
If you "can sometimes talk about things
a littla over, the heads of several o* thos»
present, you become an added attraction.
"I have a friend— a wonderfully s^-aat
the rich with a frown, but to-day society looks
up to my boy without smelling ' the taint of'
an unredeemed pledge. '
- '¦¦ . - ¦ . • • : ¦ •
¦ And it is such good-natured, homely
wit as this that brings laughter; for Its
own sake: '.' ;¦¦ . . .
jgMary Ann— What'll I talk about..-
Reilly— The works of the country. v
. Mary Ann — The boiler works?
Reilly— Boiler" works! ; Would,, you balaklam
the four hundred?
Mary Ann— No, but what will I tell them?
Reilly — Tell them of the aristocracy of Ire
land;-../ ' :"¦¦;. ¦{! - ¦' .'¦' :...; " .;..-
Mary Ann— Sure they're all in New York. -=
¦ .¦¦ -.*..¦ » ¦ ' ' • , "¦'.. ; '¦¦
And there .is much sarcasm - that cuts
both ways— at the frivolities of the most .
exalted as well as at the aspirations . of
the\most lowly in society. . -
Read these from "Cordelia's Aspira^
tions." Dan )haa grown rich . and Corde
lia 1b cutting a wide swath:
Dan— Where's Cordelia? (
Planxty— In the arma of Morpheus. , -
Dan — In another, man's arms?
Planxty — No man,* no— the arms of Morpheus
. Is a classical quotation. '
'•¦ ,.' -¦¦',»' •¦ •
' Honora— Well, well, ; Daniel; are ye moving
again? '¦'¦•¦ ¦ ¦ / ¦ '
Dan — No; I was taking this bundle of wash- ~
Ing to the laundrv. ¦ . \ ,• j .<.
Honora — That's strange. ., To-daVs Thursday
and Monday was always Cordelia's washing '
¦ day..: ", . ' ••¦ • "• . ;...-• '¦>'. ¦¦ y ' ¦.:,.;'
Dan — 'Tis strange; but how did you. find us.
In our | grand . new house?
| Honora— From Mr. ' Puter. - . ' ;
- Honora— I went next door and I axed for
Mulligan, and 'they directed .m* to the stable.
' Dan — What?. - •.:"-...¦¦.'.. , \ .' •...."-'.
Honora- — Their coachman's name Is Mulligan.
Dan — Didn't they know Cordelia moved In
¦here? •¦¦" ¦'•¦'•; :¦;.;.$ ' • ¦"¦¦_ ¦'. '¦¦ '_¦¦; :/; : ' " " ¦ , '
'¦'. Honora— -No, they thought some poor family '
moved In here yesterday to take charge of the;
place while the owner went away. . . ;- £ .
P'" Dan— A.way? - .' < ..
HonoraA— Yes. . They, said every family ,on
. Madison ' avenue -was away to \ Saratoga. . Long -
Branch or Europe. .- ' . ', ¦¦¦"'. '
•. ; Dan— Didn't [ . they - know ; Cordelia '. g3v« ' - » •
grand gilded reception here last night?. ;-.
. Honora— No, : .. v They thought . that . • the ; " poor j
family, that moved In were haring a good time,,
bekase the real artlstocratlo \ upper-tendom '.
quality . families don't bava receptions la * the >
summer. :•¦.-.; .^ ... >• ¦ . >¦ .. : , ..
Dan— Oh, well, lave It go at that. . IM4 ytw.
miss mo In Mulligan's alley las* night f ,'¦"..'...
: Honora— Did -we; miss 'you? .Faith, that's
; what I. come np to, tem you about. - .
".i "1 ¦¦'- : '¦...: ¦ ¦' ' ' • ¦*¦
-But if you are a r woman: and beautiful,
you will find your chief stumbling block
on- the road ', to fame lies in. the constant
comparison -you; will have to suffer with
some ':¦¦ other, actress of greater beauty.
Marian ¦'- Stone, 1 the . ; new. y Gibsonesquo
beauty, of the Neill company at the Cali
fornia Theater, Is said to look Ilk* ; Max
lne Elliott.; She will. have a hard; time to
live It down, or rise above It to an individ
uality or h*r own, unless sha is content
as many ( another actress • of ' lass ' charm
and talent -has •been— to .borrow Mls» sa
liott'a crown of xarn* and wear It.'
Pan— I didn't pet In till « this morale*.
Honora — Why? -
Dan— -I started . downtown, but I didn't pet
as far as the alley. I stopped at Casey' ¦ and
there was a fight in the back room and I ref
.ereed It., : ¦ . •
Honora — 'Twai too bad you " couldn't hear
¦what, the' neighbors said about you.
Dan — Tell me. Mrs. Dublin.
Honora— "Well, Kelly the milkman, Dolan the
truckman, Gllligan. Million and all the
neighbors were talking about you.
Dan— They couldn't say but good o' me.
Honora — The praises and the flattery and the
uneonimus they gave you would fill a book.
Dan — Ah, well, they know me.
Honora — Where's Cordelia?
Dan— She's not. up yet.
Honora— What, not up, /and It's near 1
¦ o'clock? ' • , '. ;.- ' '
Dan — You mustn't rise too early In society.
¦ Honora — Cordelia was always up at half past
5 and had your breakfast at 6.
Dan— That's air changed now. ' • .
Honora— How? , • . \T '. ,
Dan— Well, I'm to have my breakfast at, 1
o'clock in tKe day and then a lunch at 7, and
the great supper in the middle of the night,
and then . I'm to -lead ' the cotillon . and receive
' till 5 In the morning, when I bo to bed. She's
making a* change In . me '¦ tout assembly.
. Honora — Are you going to the assembly?
• Dan— Not from ' this district. •
Cordelia— Why didn't you come home oa the
- elevated last night?
'¦¦': Dan— Oh, that's so. Con Hlgglns fell off the
big grain' elevator loading barley at pier forty
yesterday.:
Cordelia— I'm not speaking of a grain elev«t
* tor or, Con Hlgglns. : -' ¦
1 Dan— You remember Con Hlgglns?
; Cordelia— No, I don't.
Dan — When we had the raffle ' for ,' thi» stov»
'twas he that sang the "Maid With the Marblt
¦¦. Cordelia—^Oh. did I ever!
¦ Dan— And there'* Wally McS weeny.
Cordelia— Don't talk of that man. He's be
neath me.' . * ..: ; ; , - -
: . Dan— He lived beneath you for twenty yean
In Mulligan's alley. .':"¦¦'-- .
' Cordelia— Ston, sir! .: Never mention that low
place in my presence. : :;.,•¦ -
Dan (looking : at Cordelia's riding 1 bat) — Are
lyou wearing me new Sunday hat? :
; Cordelia— Don't you know*a riding- hat when
you see ' one? -Go and -put on your breakfast
gown.*- ' ¦' • '¦-¦_¦ . , _¦ ¦
Dan— Do yon mean the coat wid the tassels
on It?
Cordelia— Yes. you^ stupid. Yer morning
gown. '¦¦¦ ¦' :•-..' -
- .. • •.:•, • ¦ • •. -. . • . .
' Harrigan' s own opinion, of the difflcul- .
ties of acquiring fame Isall summed up in
the single sentence:
"You can buy. 'Hamlet'. for 15 cents, but
—find your Hamlet." • • ) ..'•.,
lieUly — Snobbery Is a acth that Site about
Ie the Klar* tnd glitter of society, bat when
And It Is not alone that there Is laugh
ter in his plays; there Is philosophy as
well. And, as Harrigan says himself, it
1e this very element that has made his
creations so 'popular. Witness these few
lines selected at random from "Reilly and
the 400" as evidence:
"The Italian Junkman." "Mordecal
Lyons," "Christmas Joys and Sorrows,"
"McSorley'8 Inflation," "Investigation,**
""Last of the Hogans." "Mulligan Guards'
Ball." "Cordelia's Aspirations," "Dan's
Tribulations," "Notoriety," "McAllister's
Legacy," "Leather Patch," "Pete,"
"Waddy Googan," "Lazaire," "The
Gup." "The Woolen Stocking," "The
O'Reagans." "The Muddy Day," "The
Major," "Squatter Sovereignty" and
"Dear Old Larry."
Out of all of which he has acquired not
only fame, but a fortune as well, which
he will risk to the last dollar on a big re
vival of his own plays as soon as he fin
ishes his engagement at the Grand Opera
house and returns to New York.
It was there, too. that he learned the
value of hard work and Eteady, consist
ent effort. Just read this partial list of
his plays. They have convulsed three
generations with laughter, and It was the
work of a lifetime to have written them
alone, much less to have acted them all
as no one else could possibly have done:
It was there that he learned the In
tensely human interest Becrets of such
characters as his "P^eilly of the 490,"
Waddy Googan. Mulligan of the Guards,
the O'Reagans and all the rest of his real
lift- wits, that have become almost Im
mortal creations in American stagecraft.
Harrlsan is the most famous author
actor in the world. He lias been on the
ttage for more than thirty-five years, and
in that time he has written more than
twenty-five comedies and played the lead
ing roles himself. Before that time he
was a shipwright on the water front of
San Francisco, laboring hard from the
time he was a little over thirteen years
old until he was eighteen, driving oakum
and tar between the cracks of the plann
ing of great wooden hulks.
That sounds like a trite old sayir.g and
to the uninitiated the simple facts of ca
reer cf any of them — Edward Harrig-an's,
for instance— will read like an exagger
ated romance.
It is a strange circumstance, too. that
It Is almost impossible to convince the
uninitiated that genius, talent, opportu
nity — what you will — that wins fame on
the sta re is nothing more nor less than
a capacity for hard work and infinite pa
tience.
Unfortunately fcr the logic of the above
the uninitiated never reason from cause
to effect.
And jui-t look at Edward Harrigan. the
Irish comedian at the Grand Opera-house,
tr.d Kolb and Dill, the comical Dutrhnen
In "Fiddle Dee Dee" at Fischer's or
Ferris Hartman et the TiyoU— their act-
Ing is simp'y ritficuJ«-us A.U they have
to io <* U wy fanny things and make
!>p.ny faces fo that people will laugh.
James Neill at the California would
doubtless come in for the same criticism
from the uninitiated. He talks as nat
urally as you or I do, just as if he had
never gone to a school of acting, and
look at Edythe Chapman, Marian Stone
cr any of the rest of the company. "Who
wouldn't act with more sensational effect
than they do?
"And as for John Drew in 'The Second
in Command." why. it's a perfect snap to
look good in military uniform while i-.e
whole r'-ot of the play revolves around
you. The author has given you^all the
most heroic speeches ar.d all that you
have to do is to say them as nonchalar _iy
as Drew does."
"Then there's Nat Goodwin. He doesn't
act at all. He just talks his part as if
be were at home, miles away from an
caper, admiring: audience. Any man
cou!d say his lines just as well as he does
end a whole lot better, for he doesn't give
them half the dramatic force that a
younger and handsomer man could.
But •where is there a stage-struck mail
noe girl who couldn't act *'Oh. ever so
much better, if she were only given half
the opportunity? Maxine Elliott is beau
tiful, ana everybody go** t0 see her be '
cause she is talked about so much— but
as for her acting—
TO the unlnttmteS It if the easiest
thing in the world to win a dia
dem of glory on the stage. Just
look at any cf the popular actors
or actresses who are filling the
public eye at present. Very few of them
ere pood-looking, and what would those
few amount to without their fine clothes
to help them out— excepting, of course,
Maxme Elliott?
everybody \ was almost in despair Mr.
Meyerfeld yhit upon the happy idea of
buying brand new lingerie of conventional
length and having it cut to fit. In frantic
haste a well Aknown shopkeeper was sent
for to open his store and messengers weo
hastily dispatched for a corps of seam
stresses, the : property room of the Or
pheum was converted Into a dressmaking
parlor and for the "next hour even tha
girls of the Pony ballet themselves
worked with ; nerve-straining energy • to
sew yards and. yards of shimmering laco
on plain skirts to make them billowy
enough, while the corps of dressmakers
cut them off and tucked them in deep
tucks to make them short enough.
The Pony ballet vows it will lose a
whole engagement before going through »
second experience of that sort.
quiring fame— they are nothing to the
troubles that follow after. Which recalls
the tribulations of the eight pretty little
English girls of the Pony ballet on Fri
day night of their last week at the Or
pheum.
In the early morn of that day they had
given all the fluffs and frills of their bal
let costumes to the laundry man, with
strict injunctions to return them to the
theater all white and crinkly by 8 o'clock
in the evening without falL Then in tho
afternoon they posted off to the Chutes in
a body and had a merry time until such
a lato hour that they were obliged to
bolt their supper In order to reach the
theater in time.
And there, shade of disaster, waited the
laundry man with the awful tidings that
the machinery of the washtubs had
broken down and— well. Manager Meyer
feld had the busiest evening of his career.
The programme was changed. - so tha.t
the ballet could appear last— if it would
be able to appear at alL And all energy
was bent to provide a new wardrobe. Tfca
theatrical costumers were visited in vain
—all the actresses at the other theaters
were besought {or help— but I they could
be of little assistance. And then when
• • •
And apropos of the difficulties of ac-
'And strange as It may seem, too, to th«
uninitiated, those who have won the
greatest success on tha stags are eften
the least anxious to continue In the pro
fession. This is the cas« with dainty lit
tle Frances Keppler. who is tha sensation
at the Chutes this week. She Is en* o£
the cleverest dancers on the stage, even
though she is only 14 years old, but it Is
because of her youth that she is going to
leave the stage and go to school again.
• • •
,The ordinary routine of fame on tho
stage, however, is almost as long as Sher
man's march to the sea. Note the career
of Ferris Hartman.
In t late '80's he occupied the humble
positi^ti of property boy with the Chicago
Church Choir Company, the four "C's"
of which were the most familiar orna
ments of the comic opera billboards of
those days. Young . F.errls watched tha
merry comedians njsfct after night with
an ever growing anrbition to become on©
of them. While rustling "props" he prac
ticed jig steps, funny" falls and facial con
tortions, and clung to the thought, "Oh,
if I could only get a chance," until ono
night the occasion arose.
Joe Herbert was playing Mustapha ia
"Fatinitza," and having been taken sick,
the management cast about for a substi
tute. The property boy had no frland at
court to plead his cause, so he boldly of
fered his services, telling them that h»
knew the part and was confident that b»
could get through without any serious,
break. With some misgivings h» was ac
cepted.
"Here is my opportunity," thought th«
coming comedian, "and I'll fir* 'em all
I've got in the shop."
And he conscientiously carried out his
programme. He Introduced business that
was never heard of in th» part, did cart
wheels, falls and various and sundry con
tortions, till tha other peopls In the cast
were driven well nigh distraught, and
John MoWade, who was playing Ixzet
Pasha, ran him off tha stags and throat
en ed to annihilate him.
.Hartman had mads bis hit with . tha
audience, -however, and than and ther*
graduated from the property bustnaa*.
ijfext season ha wu engaged is soomnii
cpmedlan, and— well, most of our readers
know of his progress tine* then.
how they did it:
Bach of them has had a long and ardu
ous athletic training, and a little over
three years ago they decided to learn
gymnastics and "do a German turn" on
the horizontal bars. They became ex
ceptionally clever in a very short time,
and then as an introduction to their spe
cialty they invented a German cake walk.
They never got beyond the cake walk in
their acrobatic act. It alone made their
fame, and in a single performance they
became almost as great as Weber and
Fields for their German comicalities. And
for the last three years they have been
acting up to their reputation without a
single- week's vacation. If you don't
think it is hard work just watch them
through a single performance.
• • •
Quite on a different plane from Edward
Harrigan are'Kolb and Dill, at Fischer's,
who have the distinction of being the
youngest comedians of any prominence
in America. Neither is over 28 years old,
and each has reached the top of the lad
der in less than three years. And this is
¦¦ , ¦
preacher— who has settled down tn a
little town In Germany, with charge over
a small church, the congregation of which
is not cultivated up to his standard. But
the people won't let him leave them.
They say: 'We do not understand all
that yon say, but we know that It must
be great and fine.'
"That is the same spirit that sends the
public to see some plays; some of the
modern productions of shoddy Shake
speare and Ibsen. Still, I suppose that
they are much like Wagner's operas— not
half as bad as they sound."
¦; ; -TllE: ; SUNDAY' <JALLl;hi
How Actor Folk
acquire
Fame
10*yri PLAY whose scenes are built from
f j three little toy stages such as are
r~~| shown in the pictures ? a play
I whose lines are rehearsed from
the round mouth of a phonograph
—this is the play that we have been see-
Ing at the Alcazar.
Imagine a whole play being rehearsed
on a phonograph.
Imagine, instead of a stage-full of act
ors, all letter-imperfect, all jealous, all
wanting ea.ch other's parts and abusing
their own— Imagine in their place a neat
stack of cylindrical records, piled in dap
per order in the corner, waiting quietly
for their cues.
When a cue comes a phonographic actor
never misses it. He is on time, and he
has his part down as pat'as other actors
have after a hundred nights' run. He
never halts in his lines. He never mis
pronounces words that have been drilled
Into him.
In short, he is a boon to the stage man
ager.
"When you see how beautifully Charles
Bryant has managed his rehearsals of hi?
own and Mrs. Coleman's play, "When the
Heart Was Young," you wonder why on
earth no one ever thought of rehearsing
a. play on a phonograph before.
You see when a play is being rehearsed
there are always <y>VTnlf."W changes to
Ail;! iifoe Lines
Rehearsed on a
Phonograph
and tihe
Sceoes Set
Out on a
Dammy Stage.
1ALKING about dogs, how would
Vou lifce to pay $400 a pound for fifty
pounds of dog?
JCo? Of course not. But that is
because you never stopped to
figure the dividends of this particular
twenty-thousand dollar dog— Billy, the
flog that does a statue act on the Or
pheum stage at a salary that many a col
leg-e graduate might envy him, the dog
that carries a ten-thousand dollar life in
surance policy, the dog that Is the only
Dne of his kind in the world.
Of course there axe other pure white
Laverick English setters, but not another
ane so highly educated, nor one that has
the .self-Dossession to stand, marble still.
for a whole minute of sixty long seconds,
while people across the footlights are
splitting their gloves and .' making more
noise than a big kennelful of his fellows
could do in a free-for-all fight.
Billy belongs to Miss Chester, who has a
troupe of dogs that act, and of course
Billy Is the star.
Billy began his career as a hoodoo, and
he can thank some lucky dog-star that
before the hoodoo was broken he did not
find his way to the sausage mill or the
fertilizer factory.
Six years ago Miss Chester was travel
ing with another dog performing the same
act. She knew that only the ugliest of
plaster of paris dogs live always, and
she began to look about for a pose dog
to act as understudy. In Chicago she
found Billy and )his sister, Lilly. Their
pure white coats presented wonderful pos
sibilities! considered in connection with
black backgrounds. It was after she had
given her check for a good big sum that
the dealer told her their birthday was
August 13.'
, A brace of boodoos. But the dealer was
relentless, and Miss Chester couldn't get
her; money back, so she packed the pair,
off to her father, who knows how to train
dogs. In two weeks her old dog was
dead.
"Thirteen," said Miss Chester. "I knew
it."
That meant all dates canceled until the
new dogs were trained. Ten months Miss
Chester and her father spent on them,
and Just as, Lilly was ready for the stage
she took cold, had congestion of the
lungs and died
"Thirteen," said Miss Chester. '. "I knew
It"; -. -•: -. .V ¦ '-.'.-
Now, Billy had never shown particular
aptitude for tricks. His sister had always
stood at the head of this class of two,
while Billy persistently refused to Jearn.
By w*ay of punishment he was thrown
Into a. kennel, where he lived and fought
wi£h .fifty other dogs for three weeks.
When he came out he was sobered and
ready to take a serious view of life.
The teaching of these dogs is a long and
te/ilous task— at least three hours a day,
and sometimes as high as* seven. Billy
had to learn j to pose alone with . Miss
Chester, then on the stage with strange
surroundings, then . to stand unrhovel
with the blinding footlights before his
eyes and the roar of applause In his ears.
'Once Billy knuckled down to business,
however, he made up' for lost time, and
exactly thirteen months from the day he
was born he was ready for the stage.
"Thirteen," said Miss Chester. "Will he
die, refuse to work or go mad?" ' .;
He did neither, and from that'day Miss
Chester's hoodop was broken. To-day she
declares thirteen her lucky number. t
"Billy is the best dog I ever had," says
Miss Chester. never sulks or gets
angry, and no" matter how I feel I can
always depend on him. ...
. "Billy's education was certainly not a
matter of intelligence. I hold the corn-
mon street cur is more apt to learn than
the finest bred dog In the world. If I
were to let Billy loose on the street he
would be killed in five minutes. He
wouldn't know enough to get out of the
way of street cars and heavy trucks,
while the commonest curs never get hurt.
"This dog is absolutely dependent on
me. He will not cross a street until I tell
him^t is safe. In fact, I never leave him
out of sight for five minutes.
"Oh, no; I'm not afraid of his being
poisoned; for he will eat nothing from a
stranger until I tell him 'it is paid for';
nor will he drink water until I give him
permission."
i Billy has a right to hold his nose rather
high in the air, for it was only the last
time* he was In London that the Duke of
Cambridge . sent a i messenger to M'sa
Chester after the performance with a
check for £2000. He wanted tha dog, and
it didn't occur to him that £2000 of ducal
money was not half-enough to buy Billy.
Another thing, Billy can travel free on
the Old Dominion steamships whenever
he pleases, with the privilege of sleeping
in a stateroom. It happened this wayx
During one of Billy's voyages across the
ocean the customary concert for the ben
efit of sailors was given. Billy remained
modestly In the background until the end
of the concert, when Miss Chester gave
him a small basket and told him to "take
up a collection."
He did It. pausing before each one with
the persistence of a vestryman, and when
he completed the round he had nearly
5100 In the basket. After that the boat
was his.
Dog That Has Made a Fortune by Posing for Living Pictures
be made in it. A writer can't tell what is
the matter with his lines until he hears
them. Clyde Fitch writes his plays while
Uiey are being rehearsed. Just as Worth
builds a pown upon his patron. It Is a
matter of experimenting, of trying, of
changing a little here, a little there, of
letting the work crow.
Now Charles Bryant kfcew this and he
likewise knew that it Is a very hard mat
ter to build a play while the Alcazar stock
company is rehearsing it- They are the
drudges of the profession who are given
a complete set of brand new parts every
Tuesday morning and are expected to
play those same parts the following Mon-
day night. In a week of rehearsals there
is no time to build a play.
So he hit upon the idea of speaking
what he had written ioto a phonograph,
then of letting the phonograph rehearse
under his critical ear.
It has worked, and It has made an in
novation.
listened.
The scene was in 'the thfrd act, in the
orchard. The manager ; could shut his
eyes and. see the lake rippling just as
he had planned with the electrician that
it should ripple; he could see the apple
blossoms fluttering about in the breezes
made by the stagehands; he could smell
lieutenant doesn't say, 'It was -good, of
you.' I tell you, you have to hear a
thing before you can tell what is the mat
ter with it.
"And then the scene between the offi
cers. This was what the phonograph re
hearsed to me:
" 'I have taken Hettie home. If 'you
stance. "The time is early evening," he
was told. "Start with a reddish light and
let it darken. Later on the moon rises.
The lake ripples." ¦:.
The electrician "went off with his direc
tions and proceeded to work out the ar
rangement of lights.
Calciums of different colors produced
leading woman had the first choice, tha
others had to pick colors to accord with
hers.
So the staging of a new play In this
modern world of ours means a great
many things besides ihe reading of the
lines. Which is worth being put In tha
pipe and smoked by the actor who thinks
he is the whole show.
When Captain Robert Holmer laaae
love to ; Esther ' Howland ' on paper 'it
looked all very welL The .words seemed
to burn then. The writers glowed fondly
over their success.
Then Mr. Bryant spoke them into the
phonograph. He set the . phonograph go
ing, sat back in an easy chair and
them as the, property perfume was to
ecent the house with r apple-blossom ex
tract. <He actually forgot the brutal
truth of the stagehand and the extract ;
the apple blossoms and the breezes be- r
gan to bo real .to him— as real as to any
weeping mbminer in his performance- j
to-be. ¦ '-
Hettie and Lieutenant . Welling were,
meeting in the midst of them. Their love
scene } began. The manager . was full of •
the -atmosphere . in ; which '. he had writ
ten the scene. It was in a real New Eng
land country -town that he wrote .it. and^
he was so full of the spirit of the thmg.
himself that he couldn't imagine that;
his hearers might nofbe. ,
"Hettie, It -was very good of you to
keep your promise \ so 'faithfully," said
Welling. ;' ¦¦
"But I should not have come hero to
meet you," she replied. •
«. The manager began to rise , from his
peaceful position in the easy' chair.
"Why not, Hettie?" went on the amor- ,
ous lieutenant.
"Because Esther does not' know I am
here. I promised her that I would not
tome herewlthout first telling^ier."
It had looked delightful when it was
on-paper. But "Whew!" said •> the stage
director, now he was listening to it as
from the audience.
It kept on going, for it was letter per
ject In its lines. ;--t
"Do you think your sister would, ob
ject to a little meeting like this?" /gently
persisted the lieutenant, i .
"Oh, I am sure she would," protested
the timid, damsel.
"Stop!" roared the stage director. He
made.fqr the switch, turned off the cur
rent and the phonographic actor made
love no more. "¦
Then he drew his blue pencil and made
at tha scene with it.
One slash and the scene was finished.
It has never appeared upon the stage and
never will.
"Of all the absurdities it was the most
absurd," Bryant says. "Of all fool girls
I was making her the most foolish. It
was an insult to the lady. It was girly
glrly. It was abominably prudish.
"Whea- I went- to work to rewrite the
scene, I brought out: the idea of the sis
ter's opposition, but in an entirely differ
ent way, as the play shows. She's not
suck itu awful goody-good now. And the
After the aasslgnment of the roles came
the choosing of the costumes. Thesa
were described In general terms to each
member of the cast, then they were told
to put their heads ' together in choosing
them so that colors should not clash. Th«
Still another piece of work is tha ar
ranging for stage noises. Bryant has
utilized his phonograph for this. A chor r
us recorded upon It is used to give tha
effect of distant singing, and the bugla
call is one that was bugled by the most
famous trumpeter in the United States
army. This Is something of a revolution
in the matter of stage noises and it opens
up all kinds of possibilities for distant ef
fects.
Every one of these workers depended
upon the pasteboard models made in tha
beginning by the scenic artist. They
are perfectly proportioned, built to a
scale by the aid of the carpenter, and so
complete that they could be sent to* any
theater in the United States and carried
out from the miniature. Even the more
important of the properties are modeled,
such as the shelf and the pump. Tha
trees are in position, the gate and the
fence are shown. With this model before
him the electrician studies the placing
of his lights, the property man selects
his properties, the stage manager assigns
places to his characters.
For thl3 production, with everything
new, the rehearsals of lights and scenery
were going on a long time before tha
opening night. The moon had to be put
through Its paces, and the man behind
the moon had to be- instructed not to fall
asleep as he has been known to do, wak
ing late and jumping the moon up into
the skies, three feet at a jump, to rnaka
up for lost time. The electrician's work
had all to be put through rehearsals,
from his rippling lake to his electric fire
in the fireplace of the best room.
Next came the labor of the property
man. He was shown the models of th»
different scenes and told what was want
ed to furnish them. There must be cur
tains for the best room, flower pots for
the window-sill, candlesticks for the man
tel piece. There must be a pump for the
yard. Everything to b« handled, to b«
used, comes under the Jurisdiction of the
property man.
The lake, a surface of translucent ma
terial, was the hardest proposition. It Is
stationary; under It are moving lights,
constantly shifting, changing color, glim,
mering. This la the trick of moonlight on
the water. The light, not the water, toes
the rippling.
The moon was arranged to work by
means of a windlass, and the man who
managed the windlass was instructed not
to let It rise In leaps, as ha Is prone to do.
the effects wanted for the dying day.
• Next came an interview with the elec
trician. Take the orchard scene, for in-
The artist disappeared to make his
model, for this mimic stage of pasteboard
is the foundation upon which everybody
else's work is built.
'.The artist was given the roughest kind
of a diagram— a group of lines which
merely indicated the skeleton of the stage
setting. / "This scene is an orchard," he
•was told. "There's to be a lake here, a
practical tree here, a fence and gate on
this side. Make your model."
"When the Heart Was Young" called
for three brand new scenes. After the
play was written, long before the part3
were assigned, the playwright-manager
called in the scenic artist and began the
planning of these scenes.
being staged.
' When the powers of the earth and the
air and the water take to storming like
this you may know that a new play is
But the rehearsing of the lines is only
one part of the staging of a new play.
The lights and scenery have their rehear
sals, too, late at night after the player
folk have departed. Then is when you
might hear:'
"Look out for that moon! It's going to
explode!"
"Confound you, turn the breeze loose!"
"What in thunder's the -matter with the
lake? That's its cue to begin to ripple." {
Sometimes the playwright manager
found that a scene sounded far better
than he had hoped. The long speech in
which Seth tells Silas that he is going to
leave "Medder View," tells him why he
loves it, how it "makes him feel happy
like f know thet Martha kin still see our
old home"— this was the speech that the
playwright was most afraid of, being the
longest in the play. But when he turned
it over and heard it he found that it didn't
bore him and he took hope. Rehearsals
proved that the thing didn't call for a
single stroke of the blue pencil.
" 'I've taken her home. If you ever
speak to her again I'll break your damned
neck.' " .
"Awful," wasn't It. Just what the of
fended hero always says. Real men don't
talk like that, and I wanted real men In
this' play. This was how the line was re
written after I had heard it:
ever dare to speak to her again I will
thrash you within. an inch of your life,
if I die for' it* ;
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
11
How a New Play in StagedAn angel bore dear Uncle Joe
To rest beyond the sta"rs.
I miss him, oh! I miss him so —
He had SUCH good cigars.
Baby in the caldron fell —
See the grief on mother's brow;
Mother loved her darling well,
Darling's,quite hard-boiled now. v
The Mobile Boer.
The most recent and up-to-date book on
the Boer war Is "The Mobile Boer," by
Two Burghers, which has just been is
sued by the Graf ton Press, New York.
The authors, Captain John A. Hassell
and Captain Alan R» I. Hiley, late officers
in the 1 "American Scouts." with the re
publican forces, have portrayed most in
terestingly the war methods and real
character of the South African patriots.
The reader of this vivid description of
stirring events In rapid succession can
obtain a very thorough idea of the democ
racy of the heroic struggle for ireedom.
The authors, who have been so closely
associated with the Boers during peace
and war, are certainly peculiarly fitted to
dp full justice to the Bo«r side in tho
struggle. The publication of the book just
at this time has been specially urged be
cause the authors have discovered a • re
newed and growing general manifestation
or interest on the part of the American
public, and they say they have been im
pressed with the apparent widespread
misconception prevailing as to the real
character of the combat, the forces em
ployed and the reasons for Boer successes
and failures. The narrative of "Captain
Hasse-11 and Captain Hiley differs from
all others-journalistic and otherwise, by
reason of its viewpoint, that of actual
combatants on, the Boer side, in their
many and fierce struggles Accuracv *l
to facts and simplicity Ire the striking
These writera, with a force peculiarly
t£? I ft.£? ca ? a ?». !t ls Etm P 1 °. dwell upon
the effect of tho operations upon the
minds of the Boers, when .all th© while
stnfggfel" 5 ' 8 aj *. at -' wwk ' i nt«n«Hyin»; the
The duties of an efficient "acout" are
dently tradition and inclination were strug
gling within her. If i Ormsby . could have, re
membered a prayer he would have' said it. .He
did start in on one, but he didn't know the rest
of.it, and, anyway, it didn't seem to. flt the
case. ¦ . .
"I'm afraid," said th« Vision doubtfully
(Nancy's . manner Is always most doubtful
when' her decision is most firmly made), . "I'm
afraid it would be very Improper."
¦ If only a fear, not a conviction barred the
way, Ormsby was ready to fight for his heart's
desire. /
"Oh, no; it — -" he began hotly, but Nancy
icterrupted him.
"It isn't at all the thing to dine without a
chaperon at a restaurant. Some one I know
would surety, be there, ,. and these things"—
eh<» glanced down at, the pink gown and the
gorgeous cloak— »"are rather conspicuous."
While there was hesitancy there was hope.
Ormsby plunged into the breach. ._ \]
"But I know a very, very quiet little place
near here. You'd never meet any of your
friends there. It's ghastly respectable and
nobody there would notice anything one wore."
Th« last two statements did not tally. The
soul of respectability Is criticism; .but .the
Vision apparently didn't notice the flaw In the
argument. .
J£j "If you're quite sure " she began.
"Positive, ". swore Ormsby, and his guar
dian angel spread his wings and fled weeping.
As the young couple were leaving the apart
ment , the telephone bell rang
Ormsby wejit back to the drawing-room, dos
ing, the door Into tha hall carefully behind him.
Intuition Is a wonderful and valuablo thing-.
When he took up the receiver, a grin spread
across his countenance and bad*, fair to meet
at the back of his head.
Billy, in one of his nice new sashes,
Fell in the fire and was burnt to ashes ;
Now, although the room" grows chilly,
1 haven't the heart to poke poor Billy.
A Graded Arithmetic.
The American Book Company of New
York has just published the eighth vol
ume In the series of graded arithmetics
by S. W. Baird, principal of Franklin
Grammar School, "vVllkesbarre, Pa.
This volume* is the^ last of the eight
book series, completing x a remarkably
well-graded and comprehensive grammar
school course In arithmetic. It begin9
with a review of the essential parts of th«
lower books, apd then furnishes a thor
ough treatment, with applications, of per
centage and interest. Including also exer
cises on the metric system, "the elemen
tary principles of algebra, involution, evo
lution and mensuration. Operations, ex
planations and analyses are given in full;
1-he numerous illustrative examples have
been carefully selected, and the principles
involved will be easily and clearly under
stood by the pupil with but little assist
ance from the teacher. Price, 25 cents.
_Llttle by little, however, he waa trusted
with responsible duties, and thus began
his career as banker. '•Remembering the
"I was immediately introduced to the
cellar, where, in place of gold and silver
there was found a goodly stock of anthra
cite coal, intended for the supply of two
large stoves on the floor above; and it
soon became clear that as 'general assist
ant' I should have to see that the rela
tions between the coal and the stoves
were kept warmly intimate. • • • i n
my capacity as 'messenger* my duty was
to carry to merchants and dealers notices
of notes becoming: due at the bank or
drafts requiring payment, sent to the bank
for collection from other towns and
cities." ¦ -.-,v .--"¦¦.
Writing after five years of public serv
ice, managing the finances of the nation
in war and in peace, Mr. Gage recalls how
when a youth he first sought employment
in a village bank, i His ambition had been
kindled by its richly glided sign and the
sight of men going in and coming out
with 'money In their hands. He was of
fered the positicyn of "messenger and gen
eral assistant" at one hundred dollars a
year. The title and the glamour of the
name "bank" made resistance to the pro
posal impossible. But his dream of work
ing among heaps of yellow gold and glis
tening silver was soon dissipated. He
says : N ,
One does not often read a more pleasing
bit of autobiography than that in the May
1 issue of the Youth's Companion, writ
ten by the Hon. Lyrnan J. Gage, ex-Sec
retary of the Treasury. "The Boy and
the Bank" is the title of the sketch.
W. J. Rolfe, the eminent Shakespearean
scholar, says of the Dowden edition of
Shakespeare's plays published In America
by the Bo wen-Merrill Company and in
England by Methuen &-Co.: "I am more
and more pleased with It on further ex
amination. It is certain to gain an hon
orable place among the select editions
known to scholars and critics as the
standard ones, that no student or drama
tist can afford to do without." The Tem
pest is the lastest volume ready and ap
peared ¦ May 1. - : : ,'"
"John Malcolm" Is the name of a new
novel by Edward Fuller of the Providence
Journal, which Messrs. Snow and Farn
ham of Providence will publish early in
the fall. The scene of the story is laid
in New York and the characters are
very much alive. Some excellent illus
trations will add to its attractiveness.
Literary Notes.
Books Received.
NATHAN HALE— By William 0rdwa7
Partridge. Funk & Wagnalls Company. New
York. SI.
MANY WATERS — By Robert Shackletoa.
D. Appleton & Co., New York., $1 60.
THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES —
By A. Conan Doyle. McClure, Phillip* & Co.,
New York. $1 50.
THE MAKING OF A STATESMAN— By Joel
Chandler Harris. McClure, Phillips & Co.,
New York. $1 23.
RED SAUNDERS— By H»nry Wallace Phil
lips. McClure. Phillips & Co.. New York.
SI 25.
.AN ISLAND CABIN— By Arthur Henry.
McClure. Phillips & Co., New York. $1 50.
MAZEL— By Richard Fisguill. Herbert S.
Stona & Co.. Chicago.
THE MOBILK EOER— By Alan R. I. Hilej
and John A. Hassel. The Grafton Pr^ss New
York. *1 60.
LIQUID FROM THE SUN'S RATS— By Sue
Greenleaf. The Abbey Press. New York. $1 on
CONSTANCE HAMILTON— By Lucy Mas
Linsley Wyatt. The Abbey Press. New Yorii.
50 cents.
WHAT THINK YE OF CHRIST— By ex-
Y k C *S1 EIdrid S e - The Abbey Press, New
AARON CRANE— By Henry Tate. The Ab
bey Press, New York. SI 50.
THAT OLD KITCHEX STOVE— By Davlrt
Harold Judd. The Abbey Press, New York
SO cents.
GUIDED' AND GUARDED— By Joseph 8.
Malone. The Abbey Press, New York. SI "5
tk V A?v p O EiI S-By H. Pleasant McDanfel."
The Abbey Presa, New York. 11.
SONGS OF THE SAHKOHNAGAS— By
Hugh Deveron. The Abbey Press. New York
GLEANINGS FROM NATURE— By Eva M
Carter. The Abbey Press, New York. SI
DARKEY DAYS IN DIXIE— By Margaret
A. Richard. The Abbey Press. New York SI
THE GIRL FROM MEXICO— By Mile. G
Hyde. The Abbey Press, New York. Si
GLENWOOD— By Cathiaer Kensinjcton". The
Abbey Press, New York. $1 25.
GRADED WORK ON ARITHMETIC— By 8.
W. Baird. The American Book Company. New
York. 25 cents.
A WRITER OF ATTIS PKOSE— By Isaac
Flags. The American Book Company, New
_THE OUTLAWS— By Le Roy Armstrong.
D. ADDleton & Co.. New York. $1 23
A DAMSEL OR TWO— By Frankfort Moor*.
D. Apsleton & Co., New York. $1 60
RUTHLESS RHYMES FOR HEARTLESS
HOMES — By Colonel D. Streamer. R. H Rus
sell. New York. $1 25.
THE LAW OF SUGGESTION— By Santa
nelll. Santanelli Publishing Company Lans
ing. Mich, i ?1 10.
THE MISDEMEANORS OF NANCY— By
Eleanor Hoyt. Doubleday, Pago £ Co.. New
York. $1 GO.
THE PAGEANT AND CEREMONY OF
THE CORONATION— By Charles Eyre Pas
coe. D. Appletcn & Co.. New York. $1 40.
THE RUSTLER— By Frances McElrath.
Funk & Wagnulls Company, Xew York SI 20
DANIEL EVERTON— By Israel Putnam!
Funk & Waenells Company. New York. $1 "^
A SILKEN SNARE-f-By William Leroy. The
Abbey Press, New York. 50 cents. ~^~
INFANS AMORIS— By T. Everett Harry.
The Abbey Press. New York. 51 60.
WHEN BARDS SING OUT OF TUNE— By
A; Clark. The Abbey Press. New York. 60
cents.
FORTUNES S WHEEL— By Martha Gray
The Abbey Pres3. New York. $1.
MY LORD FARQUHAR— By Thomas Em
met Moore. The Abbey Press. New York.
A MOVABLE QUARTET — By Eleanor
Guyse. -The Abbey Press. New York. $1.
MODERN ASSOCIATION AND RAIL
ROADING—By A. L. Goodkaisht. Th« Abbey
Presa. New York. 60 cents.
THE CHIEFS OF CAMBRIA— By Morraa
P. Jones. The Abbey Press, New York. $1 23.
THE TALE OF A CAT— By Marar».r«t Kern.
The Abbey Press. New York. 80 cents.
CHRISTOPHER^— By Mary F. Lockett. Th»
Abbey Press, New York. $1 23.
CUB'S CAREER— By Harriet Wheeler. Th«
Abbey Preas. New York. $1.
THE LIFE WORTH LIVING— By Wilbur
C. Newell. Th« Abbey Press. New York. II.
' IN THE COUNTRY GOO FORGOT— By
Frances Charles. Lltt!«, Brown A Co.. Boa
ton;$1 80.
THE GOD OT* THIKOa — By FIor«ae* Brooks
Wfcitehouse. Little. Brown A Co., .Boston.
$1 SO.
MARTIN'S NTTW CIVIL GOVERNMENT—
By Georze A. Martin. A. M. The American
Book Company, New York. 90 cents.
A MILLIONAIRE'S LOVE STORY— By Gny
Koothby. F. M. Buckles tt Co., New York.
$1 23.
Insignificant beginning," ha says, "and
keeping in mind its educative value for
higher duties and generous rewards, I am
impressed with the reflection that a very
humble door may open the way to large
opportunities."
exhaustively described and make the
book of unusual Interest to all who are
studying the problem- of national defense.
There are forty-two full-page original
photographs, among them being the two
. Presidents, notable generals, battlefields
and diagrams, besides a handsome and
accurate colored map of the seat of war.
throw a" box car' nearer.to the critter!
Well, WBIiL.-.W-E-L-L! How many left
hands^ have you: got, : anyhow? Do it up
In a wad and heave it at : him for gen
eral i results— he might get > tangled • in ; it.'
"It- rattled ; the bull- whacker, s having so
much" attention drawn to , him, .and he
stepped- on' the rope and' twisted 'himself
up in it and was flying light generally.
was one of Ag's delusions— he thought he
could sing. So four of 'em got on top of
a billiard table and presented 'Rocked in
the Cradle of the Deen* to the company,
which made me feel glad that I hadn't
been brought up that way. After Ag had
hip-locked the last low note, another song
bird volunteered.
"This was a little fat Dutchman, with
pale blue eyes and a mustache like two
streaks of darning cotton. He had come
to town to sell a pair of beef steers, but
got drawn into the general hilarity, and
now he didn't care a cuss whether; he,
ehe, or it ever sold another steer.' He got
himself on end and sung 'Leeb Paderlont
Moxtrue Eckstein' In a ; style that made
you : wonder that the , human nose could
stand the strain. • ¦ .
" *Aw, ¦ cheese' that!' says a feller near
the door. 'Come get your steers, one of
'em's just chased the barber up a tele
graph pole!'
"So then we all piled out into the street
to see the steers. Sure enough, th,ere was
the barber sitting on : a cross-fence and
the steer pawing dirt underneath.
¦ '"'He done made me come a fast heat
from. the cohner.' says the barber.' 'I kep"
hollerin' "next!" but he ain't pay;no _'ten
tlon — he make it. "next" -fur me,> Bhuah!
yah, yah! You gents orter seen me
start at de bottom an' slide all . de way
up dls yer telegraft polelL '
"One of tho bull-whackers went out to
rope the steer, and Ag gave directions
from the sidewalk. He wasn't very handy
with a.rlata, and -that's a fact, but the
way *Ag lit. into him. was ".scandalous.
When he'd missed about six casts of his
rope.Ag opened up on him:..;- .
" 'Put a stamp on it and send it to him
by mall,' says Aggy.'.in his. sourcastic
way. 'Addressit, VBay Steer, middle of
Main street, Boise, .Idaho. If noti deliv
ered ' within ten days, return to owner,
who can use it to hang himself." -Blast
my hide . if I couldn't stand here •, and
INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF RED SAUNDERS
VBayj' says Ag, appealing to the
crowd, 'won't some kind, friend who's
fond of puzzles go down and help that
gentleman undo himself?'
"That made the whacker mad. He was
as red in the face as a lobster.
" 'You come down and show what YOU
can do, says he. 'You've got gas enough
lor a balloon ascension, • but that may be
all there is to you.'
"'Oh, I ain't bo. much,' says- Aggy,
although I'm as good a man to-day as
ever I was in my life— but I have a little
mend here who can rope, down. and ride
that critter from here to the brick front
In .five minutes -i by the watch, and if
you've got a twenty-five doll» bill in your
pocket or its. equivalent in dust, you can
observe the exneriment.'^ ;
- ." Til go you, by gosh!' says the bull
whacker, slapping his hat ori the ground
and digging for his pile. <-
"'Say, if you're referring to me, Ag,' I
saya, 'it's kind of a sudden spring— I ain't
what you might call In training, and that
steer is full of triple-extract of giant pow
der.' / : ?•;¦ "; . ¦:¦--¦ ; -;"¦.¦ • ._
¦".'G'wan!' say Ag. 'You can do It— and
then we're twenty-five ahead.'
" 'But suppose we lose?' ' "
"'Well • • • It won't be such an aw
fuljloss:' :.
," 'Now you look here, Agamemnon G.
Jones,';says I, /I ain't going to stand for
putting s,up a summer breeze ag'in that
feller's good dough— that's a skin game,
to speakit pleasantly.' -
"Then , Aggy ; argues the case with me,
and when .Aggy starts -; : to -..argue you
might just' as well/moo' and chase your
self Into the corral,- because he'd get you
sure. ,Why_ . that ; man : could sit in- the
cabin' and .make roses bloom right In tho
middle of the, floor; whiles he was slnginpr
his: little song you could see 'em . and
smell. 'em; he could talk a snowbank off
a^ high" divide In' the middle of February.
Never 'see anybody with such a medicine
tongue, and in a big man It was all the
cheating that feller, you ought to know
noter ' Red - Why ' rn S^e blm my
"So, anyhow, I done it. Up the street
we went steer bawling andbuckS!
t^i my i r •- fl 3 rta « and me aa busy a 3
the little bee you read about keeping that
steer underneath me 'stead of on top of
fht* *whn? hed rUther v be ' and a «e? us
the whole town, whoopin' veiling'
crackln' off six-shooters and Arry^' fn
"Then we_ has twenty-five dollars and
was as good as anybody. But it didn't
last long. The tin horns come out afte
pay day like hop-toads after a rain!
nS«« ld » pi J 2zle the Government at Was£
ington to know where they hang out in
lace on him with about as much exDrps
sion as, a hotel pumpkin pie™ He run an
arrow game, and he talked right straight
fnTfthL? V ?,in1 tb /thad no^orebends
in it than a billiard cue.
".'Here's where you get your thr(»*« tt\~
one any . child ; maydo i? no -chance to lose
??£o e «^ Ur be M whI le/the« arrow of for
1 - 1 * 88 al J e ent f accommodated in
a^Y*« S fro . 1 " two bi£s to double eagl C 3
ai J. d .^ e l s , pa!d on th e nail,* says he.
r,u* f iU s i? ys Ag sy« '! can double our
? i?no£ h i, herMe ! me have^the money.
if %£?'<?*$* Bame - You'd hardly believe
I' b^»J dus , u P- *I>oubte-or-(niits?' says
he to_the dealer. • ¦'. T
'.".'Let-her. go,' says the dealer; the ar
row swung around.* 'Quits.' says the
dealer, and, raked; in my dqugh. It was
all over in one. second. • ¦- • ..
+a"1 ?y abbed 'Aggy, by the shoulder and
took hirnin, the corner for a private talk.
I .. th r C^ 8l ? t you knew this game?" says J.
I do. says he. 'That's the way it al
ways happens.' And once more in my
life I experienced the peculiar feeling of
being altogether at a loss for words"
5F you have not read the adventures of
"Red Saundere," by Henry Wallace
Phillips, you have still a treat ahead
of you for your idle momenta. The
fair sex may not entirely agree with me
on this point, for Saunders 1b distinctly
a man's straight as a string, gener
ous to a fault, and, fond of good things
to eat and drink — especially the drink.
McClure, Phillips & Co.* New York, are
the publishers of t^his book that has re
o6nUy appeared from the pen of Henry
Wallace Phillips under the title of "Red
Saunders." The contents Include four
sketches reciting special incidents in the
life of the redoubtable Red. The first
one,"~A Chance Shot," tells of a narrow
escape from the Indians and also illus
trates a new method for picking, off a
hostile buck when he Insists upon play-
Ing hide and /feeek back of a bowlder. "A
Red-Haired Cupid" shows Red in the rolt
of a successful match-maker. "The Gold
en Ford" recites the making of his for
tune by a lucky strike in pay dirt. "When
the Chinook Struck Fairfleld" tells of
Red's visit to his old home and the part
that he has to play in a love story of his
own. The passage that is reported below
is taken from "The Golden Pord.V Red
has been helping the boys celebrate and
this incident in the festivities occurs Im
mediately after he and his partner have
made the unpleasant discovery that their
funds are all gone:
"You never in all yoy; life saw so many
men and brothers as was gathered there
that day, and old Aggy, he was one of
the centers of attraction. That big voicu
and .black beard was always where the
crowd was thickest, and the wet goods
flowing the freest. 'Gentlemen!' - says -he
•let's lift up our voices in- melody!' That
This was Dick's break. There was no reason
why he should be embarrassed. -
"I think you must be Mr. Ormsby," said the
vision. "My name is Nancy Reynolds."
A great light broke upon Ormsby's brain,
and an unholy joy took possession of Iiis soul.
So this was Rollins' little game'. Verily, the
gods were rood.
"It is awfully unfosfunate," he said feeling
ly. "There has been some mistake about the
telegram. He will be dreadfully cut up."
He didn't mention that Rollins was, at that
moment, on his way to take the yoang woman
to dinner and to the theater. Why go into de
tails?
'Tve sent away my cab. Really, you know,
it is all rather provoking."
The vision was evidently irritated. As evi
dently her sense of humor was wrestling with
her wrath. Moreover, if gray eyes are to be
believed, she did not consider It necessary to
visit her anger upon the innocent friend of the
guilty Rollins.
"I will telephone for a cab, but you mustn't
stand heie in the hall. Won't you come in and
wait?"
Ormsby looked at the eyes, and threw his
chum overboard without a shadow of com
punction. After all, Rollins hadn't played fair.
She hesitated, then followed hiin down th«
narrow hall to the drawinc-room.
"Perhaps the imposing person wjio opened
the door for me can chaperon us," she said,
with a touch of embarrassment. "I'm afraid
it is all distinctly unconventional. Bachelor
apartments and a strange young man and no
chaperon within seventy blocks. Will you
please tell the cabman to hurry?'
Ormsby obeyed orders. It comforted his soul
to realize that New York cabmen are imper
vious to such orders. He was glad that he
had had the forethought to telephone to Sixty
thiM street for a cab. Instead of ordering one
around the corner. A young woman couldn't
be expected to know anything about the tele
phone numbers of cab stables, even when she
heard them called. Occasionally a mental pic
ture of a gouty old gentleman in a Uotel room
arose and smote the old gentleman's son with
horror, but the awesome vision died away In a
glow of rose pink and red gold. One's readi
ness to pay the piper depends upon the quality
of the dance. J
"It's a terrible grind on DIcl?," said Dick's
chum, with fine relish. Nancy* looked pathetic.
¦When Nancy drifts into gentle pathos,, men
who know her will reach for life-preservers,
but Ormsby did not know her. : (
¦ ¦ • .. .
RH. RUSSELL, the New York -publisher, has • issued - a most amusing
• book— "Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes"— by Colonel D. Stream
er. To judge of the "ruthlessness" of the verses it is .only necessary
to look on these pictures taken from the book and read the^rhymea
• underneath. • The book is full of many an odd and cheerful laugh and
is a model of Mr. Russell's skill as a publisher in giving his publications an ap^.
prppriate dress and type. The' t>rice is SI 25. ¦' ¦¦¦¦¦/.¦
Ruthless Rhymes for Heartless Homes.
*yi SERIES of sketches that should
f I prove popular for light reading
f— H among the fair sex is "The Mls-
X, I demeanors of isancy," by Eleanor
JL Hoyt. These sketches have been
appearing in Everybody's Magazine, and
so those who have already made the ac
quaintance of the capricious and alto
gether charming Miss Nancy Reynolds
¦will be frlad to know that the whole series
of her "misdemeanors" is to be had in
book form, as recently published by Dou
ble&ay. Page & Co. of New York.
The book is written with that same de
lightful touch that made the "Dolly Dia
logues" so popular, and placed "The Let-'
ters of Elizabeth" among the best sellers
et last year. 'What we may expect from
this fascinatingly disreputable young per
•ea «f whom we may hardly approve, but
It is easy to adore, Is suggested In our in
troduction to her when It Is explained by
Nancy herself:
"When & Kentucky belle marries a New
Hampshire lawyer there are rocks ahead
for coming 1 generations," she reasoned,
luring settled herself on the arm of her
father's chair and rumpled his gray hair
Into hopeless untidiness.
"Given Kentucky Impulses and a New
Hampshire conscience, what can one do?
You really shouldn't expect much of me.
•"Now, If Daddy had married one of his
&a£ghbo» I would be frostily sewing flan
selk tor missionary boxes. If the little
mother had married one of the six men
to whom she was engaged during her first
amsaa in society I would have caught fire
and flamed Into matrimony before I was
H As It is, my New Hampshire head
Inapt; mjr Kentucky heart from running
my with me; and my Kentucky heart
keeps my New Hampshire head from rea
soning me Into a marriage for revenue
only.
"I wash my hands of It. You two dear
things ore responsible. I'm tremendously
Rorry I can't marry inejlgibillty to please
myself or eligibility to please you— but
there you are."
Eleven of Nancy's misdemeanors are
chronicled in the present record, and all
of them make very amusing: reading. She
breaks more hearts to the page than the
best historical novel hero can break heads
m a chapter; which is quite a relief after
the siege we have been having of these
sanguinary gentlemen. The sketches have
been illustrated by Penrhyn Stanlaws,
•whose delicate line work is just suited to
the subject. One of them, which is re
produced above, shows Nancy on the golf
Units engaged in the arduous task of tir
ing out her chaperon— "Aunt Maria * • •
who has the endurance of the early mar
tyrs."
An excerpt from one of the stories.
"Where Friendship Ceases." shows the
author's subtle power of entertaining.
Rollins and Ormsby are chums living in
bachelor apartments. Rollins is of a po
,etical turn of mind, and up to the time
cf the present incident it has always been
hi* custom to rave to his chum of the
inarms cf his friends of the fairer sex.
When he meets Nancy his mind takes a
turn and he is so impressed by this vis
ion of loveliness that he decides to keep
his find to himself and not to run the
risk of presenting her to the attractive
' and handsome Ormsby. He wishes to
give Nancy, of course duly chaperoned, a
dinner at their apartments, but will not
risk the presence of Ormsby; so he waits
until his chum's father arrives in town
and Ormsby has announced that on a cer
tain day he will go out to dine with the
eld gentleman. It is quite necessary that
Ormsby shall be devotion itself on these
visits of his parent, for, besides having
the gout and the accompanying temper
that goes with that aristocratic affliction,
the old gentleman holds his money in a
close fist, and Ormsby depends for his
living on the parental bank account.
At this stage all seems well for the
scheming Rollins. Ormsby is quite. In the
dark about the prospective dinner and also
of Rollins' new adoration.
Ordinarily Onnsby leaves hU office' at I
o'clock, but that afternoon, as luck and thr
typewriter would have it, he was shockingly
delayed. He had promised to join his father
at the hotel at 6 o'clock. At 6:45 he rush-d
home to dress, reflecting gloomily the while
that the governor was probably making th<=
air round him violently ultramarine and pre
paring for the prodigal son a variety of veal
that would be swallowed with difficulty.
In the hall he met Watkint. There were no
signs ef prospective festivity in the dining
room.
""Where's the dinner party?" he asked, as he
jammed pearl studs into a dress shirt.
"The cook left at noon," said Wutkins. with
the solemn joy of one who announces dire ca-
"Tbe 2euce she did'. Then the dinner's off?"
"Mr. Rollins telegraphed to the guests, sir."
"Where's Rollins?"
"He'e gone to get the young lady who was
coning, «4r. He'e soing to take her to dinner
and to the theater."
"Young lady! Why he didn't say — who was
•he. Watlclnsr'
"I couldn't «ay, e\r. Mr. Rollins didn't men
tion the name."
Ormsby was struggling with his tie. He
flrepped the conversation, also several expres
sions more forcible than Christian In regard to
tht man who first Invented neckties.
Tii« doer bell rang.
TVttkirs disappeared.
Orrctfcy, ricking op Ms overcoat and looking
M088& hopelessly for his opera hat, heard a
*cjt feminise voice saying:
"Jtr. Eolllne lives here?"
"Yet, miss," came la 'Watkins' best company
¦¦cerate, "but be isn't in at present, miss."
"jsot tor* •;.»', :
Tbere was a note of embarrassment aad a
¦whole gamut of surprise In the «cho.
*1?o, xnlss. He's gone out to dinner and the
theater."
"But you are entertaining at dinner this
•veiling?"
Tbe embarrassment bad deepened. The sur
prise had melted into consternation.
' "I bey pardon, rules, but the oook left, unex
pected like, at noon, and Mr. Rollins bad to
telem-apli the guests not to come."
There vas a gasp, distinctly audible In
Orznisby's room.
He drew aside the curtain and stepped Into
the hall. VTaUcins obliterated himself. A
vision In a soft, shimmering pink gown and
hood and a lone cloek <jf lace and fur etood
In the doorway. Her head was .held \-ery high.
Her cl«eclc» were uncommonly pink. The cray
eyes that met Ormsby' s were half indignant,
half amused, wholly beautiful.
Orn^by didn't, know her. He felt convinced
at once that not knowing ber had been a bit
of beastly bad luck.
VI have come to dinner," said tbe vision
firmly, but with a lurkins dimple threatening
to dasb Into the open.
"You didn't cet a dispatch from Dick?"
She tht.uk her head. The chiffon hood dipped
back, disclosing a distracting arrangement of
golden fluffines? rippllns into gold brown
Ehadow.
"I v/iia invited to dine here at 7," she said.
"¦Your man tells me the cook is gone. Did you,
by any chance, cave the chaperon?"
Onneby'e attention was gliding; giddily over
the ripples, but he tried to pull himself Into
coherence.
"I the other people sot their tele
grams. Nobody's here. I don[t "understand.
Dick • has goue to— I suppose — he didn't
tell " He was stammering Joyously and In.
wardly cursing himself for a blundering fool.
a "lly sympathy is all "for 'myself.'* she said.
"Of course this is all very charming:," ; she
sdded, with a glance that neutralized the chill
into which her first remark-had cast Ormsby
and raised hia temperature to fever heat, "but
—but It really Is embarrassing, and " 'she
blushed. .'••" ¦ T >-/.:?-.- .-.¦.-.;•
She looked ; at Ormsby doubtfully. Then
with a little outburst of friendly confidence
leaned toward him. "It's worse than'embar
rasslng," she said; '.'It's tragic! My mother
had gone out for dinner, and she told both
maids they might go and stay until 9 o'clock."
Ormsby arose to the occasion. He believed
he had evolved a glittering Idea without as
sistance. \ Ormsby 1 s guardian angel clutched
at his shoulder, but Ormsby shook him off. A
gout-inspired torrent of paternal opinion clam
ored In his ears but could not daunt him. .
"I wish — — '\ he began, then paused to take
breath, and went on with a rush:
"I wish you, would let me take you to din
ner. I haven't had mine and I'd have to dine
alone. (Shade of the waiting governor!) It's
such forlorn .work 'dining alone. I'd be so aw
fully pleased If you would go with me."
It was out. Ho looked at her apprehensive
ly. The . pink gown and hood and the j stun
ning fur cloak that had slipped from her
shoulders all seemed appallingly Philistine and
conventional. . ¦
Nancy . was surprised. - Anyone could have
seen that. She was 'also shocked— not so dls
couraglngly shocked, however. The shading
was masterly. She' looked at him with her
pretty head a trifle tipped to one side. j Evi-
; "Oh! That you. Dick?" he said In honeyed
tones, carefully lowered.
¦ ".What? Oh, yes. she came down here..
Didn't get your telegram. Yes; It was awk
ward, wasn't it? I understand how you f eeL
Yes; I was at home. Lucky, wasn't ltT — mer
est accident.
"You thought there might have been K>ffl«
mistake about the telegram T Chanoe she
might have come here?. So clever df you. dear
boy. If I had your brain, Rollins, I would
not write poerry with It. . - - ' ..:
"OffendedT.; Oh.- not serioutly. She's still
here. . '. . No, not waiting for you.
Don't kill a horse, dear boy. ', She and I w.
Just going out to dinner.. . ..— .
"Pie. fle, : Richard! Such Uor*idK«! ' ••
lens, old man."
H<» rang: off.
"A business matter," he «xplalnt4 to tb«
Vision when ht Joined her.
They- started once more. Arala tt* tale
phone rang viciously. .
'•That." said Ormsby wit* an aid of eonvio
tion, "Is the rovernor.". .
j "Aren't you jroinr back?" asked Nancy.
."No; Watklns can attend to It," said Orms
by calmly.
He breathed an Inward prayer that the old
gentleman might not convict him of murder
by expiring In a flt of apoplectic rage, and
hurried the Vision down to the Blxty-thlrd
street cab^-Lateiv he. paid the piper*
The goverrfor left.no check.
Rollins does not speak.
But Ormsby swears that the dance wu wen
¦worth the price.
THE SUNDAIL; CALIj.
12
"Misdemeanors
of Nancy"
and OTHER
BOOKS
Elder and Shepard sell
HERALDS
OF EMPIRE.
By A. C LAUT,
Author \>I "Lords o! the North."
A story that tc r l$ of the days of
Charles II, of ihe refugees of Boston
Town, of FuriianUm and" \\ Uchcraft. and
of Radisjon, that pick rwquz adven.
turer who juried empire^ aad who
changed allegiance as readily as hs
would change hb
12mo. Cloth. $1.50.
Elder & Shepard,
238 Post Street, San Francisco.
Send for Catalogue of Publication*.AN IBBESISTIBIiE PAB4T
NERSHXP. * iy • ;
l^abor is divided Into two great armies
—the agricultural and the industrial. In
these diverse forces are in operation. In
the former everything tends to a further
distribution »f land among the many; In
tht latter everything tends to a concen
tration of business In the handb of the
few. One* of the two great fallacies upon
vhich "Progress and Poverty"— Mr
George's book— is founded, is that the
land is getting more and more into the
bands cf the few. Now the only source
from which Mr. George could obtain cor
rect information upon this point is the
census, and this tells us that in 1850 the
average extent of farms in the United
States was 203 acres; in 1SC0. VTi acres; in
1LT0, 153 acres, and that in 1880 it was stiU
iuriher reduced to 134 acres. The reason
is obvious for this rapid distribution ot
the land. The farmer who cultivates a
small farm by his own labor is able to
drive out of the field the ambitious cap
italist who attempts to farm upon a large
scale with the labor of others. In Great
Britain nothing has been more significant
than that the tillers of small farms have
passed through the agricultural depres
sion there far better lhau those w^o cul
tivated large farms. So In both coun
tries we have proof that under tbe free
play cf cuual laws land is becoming
more and more divided among the masses
of the people. In the whole range of
social questions no faci is more im
portant than this, and nothing gives the
ihous'ht/ul student greater satisfaction.
The triumph ofahe small proprietor over
The trouble* Is that men ar* not paid
at any time the compensation proper to
that time. All large" concerns necessarily
keep filled with orders, say/ for six
months in advanoe, and these orders are
taken, of course, at prices prevailing
when they are booked. This year's oper
ations furnish perhaps the best Illustra
tion of the difficulty. , Steel rails at the
end of last year for delivery this year
were -$29 per ton at the works. Of oourae
the mills entered orders freely at this
price, and kept on entering them until
the demand growing unexpectedly great
carried prices up to $35 per ton. Now the
various mills in America are compelled
for the next six months or more to . run''
upon orders which do not average $31 per
ton, at the seaboard and Pittsbui g, and
say $34 at Chicago. Transportation, iron
stone, and prices of all Kinds have ad
vanced upon them in the meantime, and
they must therefore run for the bulk of
the year upon very small margins of
profit. But the men noticing in the pa
pers the "great boom in steel rails," very
naturally demand their share of the ad
vance, and under our existing faulty ar
rangements between capital and labor
they, have secured It. The employers,
therefore, have grudgingly given what
they know under proper arrangements
they/should not have been required to
give; and there has been friction and still
Is dissatisfaction upon the part of ,the
employers. Reverse this picture. The
steel-rail market falls again. The mills
have still six months' work, at prices
above, the prevailing market, and can'af-"
.ford to -pay men higher wages '¦ .'than the
then existing state of the market would
apparently justify. But having Just been
amerced in extra payments for labor
which they should ; not have paid, they
naturally attempt to reduce wages as the
market price of rails go down, and there
A BUSINESS- flAimgrgB. .jg
THE BEST. s
.The people of America can smile at the
efforts of all her railway magnates and of
all her manufacturers to " defeat the eco
nomic laws by trusts or combinations, or
pools, or "differentials," or anything of
like character. Only, let them hold firmly
to the doctrine of free , competition. Ketp
THE ETJTCRE OF TBTTSTS. j
That business offers advaatajr** ere*
other; careers seem* to Sir. Carnegie in
disputable:
Perhaps I may be permitted, without
going too far beyond the scop* of my
text, to make a few remarks upon th* In
fluence of a business career upon men. as
compaied with other pursuits. • -V .•;¦¦-•
First, then, I have learned that th* ar
tistic'career is most narrowlnar. and pro
duces such petty Jealousies, unbounded
vanities and spltefulness as to furnish one
with a. great contrast as to what I have
found In men of affairs. Muslo, painting,
sculpture,* one would think, should prove
most powerful In their beneficent' effects
upon those who labor with them as their
daily vocation. Experience, however, is
against this. Perhaps because the work,
or the performance, of artists Is so highly
personal, so clearly seen, being brought
directly before the public, that petty pas
sions are stimulated; however that may
be, I believe It will not be ' controverted
that the artistic mind becomes prejudiced
and narrow. But, understand, I speak
only of classes and of the general effect;
everywhere we find exceptions which ren
der^ the average still more unsatisfactory.
In regard to what are called the learned
professions Ve notice the effect produced
•by specialization In a very marked de
gTee, : .
Ital has done Its part. It Ins ptcTWed hJ!
the/ instrumentalities of production; but
unless it can command the services of
able men to manage the business? all that
Capital has done crumbles into ruin.
Then comes the third partner, last in
the order of time but not least. Labor. If
it fails to perform Its part nothing can bo
accomplished. Capital and BuslnMs Abil
ity without Labor brought into play are
dead. Tha wheels cannot revolve unless
the hand of Labor starts them.
, Now, .volumes can be written as to
-. which one of the three ¦ partners' is first,
second or third in importance,, and the
subject will remain just as it was before.
Political economists, speculative philoso
phers and preachers have been giving
their views on the subject for hundreds
of years, but i the answer has, not been
found, nor can It ever be, because each of
the three is all-important, and every j one
is equally essential >» to the other two.
There is no first, second or last. There is
no precedence.* They . are equal members
of the great triple alliance which moves
the industrial world. As a matter of his
tory Labor existed before Capital or Busi
ness Ability, for when' "Adam digged and
Eve span" Adam had no capital, ; and If
one may Judge from the sequel neither of
the two was ¦ inordinately blessed with
business ability, but this was before the
reign of industrialism began and huge
investments ' of capital were necessary. .
The three are equal partners of a, grand
whole. . Combined they work wonders;
separate, neither Is of much account.
Thus far, notwithstanding the differences
that from" time , to time have unfortunate
ly, rent them". apart, ''they: have" made the
closing century -the most beneficent of all
that have come and. gone. 7 Humanity the
world over, is ' better "than it has ever
been," materially and morally, and I have
the faith that it Is destined to reach still
higher and loftier planes than even the
most sanguine have imagined.
Capital, ;, Business _ Ability and j Labor
must be united. He is an: enemy to all
three. who seeks to sow seeds of disunion
among. them. ,
arise* discontent among the men, and we
have a repetition of the negotiations and
strikes which have characterised the be
ginning of this year. In other j words,
when the employer Is going down
employe Insists on going up, and vice ver
sa. What we must . seek Is a clan by
which men will receive high wages when
their employers are receiving high prices
for the product, and -hence are making
large profits; 'and per' contra, when the
employers are" receiving low prices for
product, and therefore small If any prof j
its, the men will receive low wages. If
this plan can be found, employers and
employed will be "in the same boat," re
joicing together in j their prosperity and
calling into play their fortitude together
In, adversity.. There will be no room for
quarrels and Instead of a feeling of. an
tagonism there" will be , a feeling , of part
nership between employers and employed.
There is a simple mean of producing this
result, and to its general introduction
both employers and employed should
steadily bend tbolr energies. Wages
should be based upon a- sliding scale, in
proportion to ¦ the net prices received for
product month by month. [ It is Impossi
ble for capital to defraud labor under &
sliding scaie. . '
THE SLIDING SCALE.
The importance of the subject is sug
gested by the fact that the habit of thrift
constitutes one of the greatest differences
between the savage and the civilized man.
One of the fundamental differences be
tween "savage and" civilized life is the ab
sence of thrift in the one and the pres
ence of it in the other. When millions of
men each save a little of their daily earn
ings, these petty sums combined make
an enormous amount, which Is called cap
ital, about which so much is written. If
men consumed each day of each week all
they earned, as does the savage, of course
there would be no capital— that is, no
savings laid up for future use.
Now, let us see what capital does in the
world. We will consider what the ship
builders when they have to build great
ships. These enterprising companies of
fer to build an ocean greyhound for, let
us say, £500.000, to be paid only when the
ship is delivered after satisfactory trial
trips. Where or how do the shipbuilders
get this sum of money to pay the work
men, the wood merchant, the steel manu
facturer, and all the people who furnish
material for the building of the ship?
They get it from the savings of civilized
men. It is part of the money saved for
investment by the millions of industrious
people. Each man. by thrift, saves a
little, puts the money in a bank and the
bank lends it to the shipbuilders, who pay
interest for the "use of it. It Is the same
with the building of a manufactory, a
railroad, a canal, or anything costly. We
could not have had -anything more than
the savage had except for thrift. ;
As a rule, you will find that the saving
man is a temperate man, a good husband
and father, a peaceful, law-abiding citi
zen. Nor need the saving be great. It Is
surprising how little It takes to provide
for the real necessities of life. A little
home paid for and a few hundred pounds
—a very few—make all the difference.
These are more easily acquired by frugal
people than you might suppose. Great
wealth is quite another and a far less de
sirable matter. It Is not the aim of thrift
nor the duty of men to acquire millions.
It is in no respect a virtue to set this be
fore us as an end. Duty to save ends
when Just money enough has been put
aside to prdvide comfortably for those
dependent upon us. Hoarding millions Is
avarice, not thrift.
Of course, under our industrial condi
tions. It is - inevitable that a few", a very
few men,- will find money coming to them
far. beyond their wants. The accumula
tion of millions is usually the result of en
terprise and judgment, and some excep
tional ability for organization. It . does
not ' come , from savings in the
ordinary sense ot that word. Men
who in old age strive . only to
increase their already great hoards are
usually slaves of the habit of hoarding
formed in their youth. At first they own
the money they have made and saved.
Later in life the money owns them, and
they cannot help themselves, so overpow
ering is the force of habit, either for good
or evil. It is the abuse of the civilized
saving Instinct and not its use, that pro
duces this class of men. , '¦¦''^ : 7~
No one need be afraid of falling a'vic
tim ! of this abuse of the habit if heal-
Trays bears in mind that whatever surplus
wealth may come to him is to be regard
ed as a sacred trust, which he is bound to
administer for the good of his fellows.
The man should always be master. He
'should keep money in the position of a
useful servant. He must never let it
master and make a miser of him.
Vy VERT employer of labor is study-
I / In* th© young men around him.
If f most anxious to find one of excep
' If tlonsi ability. Nothing in the
V world bo desirable for him and so
profitable for him as such a man.
Every manager in the works 6tand ready
to grasp, to utilize the man that can do
something **** is valuable. Every fore
man wants to have under him In his de
partment able men upon whom he can
rely and -whose merits he obtains credit
for, beca-use the greatest test of ability in
a manager is" not the man himself, but the
men with whom he is able to surround
himself. These books on the shelves will
tell you the story of the rise of many
men from our own ranks. It is not the
educated, or so-called, classically educated
man. It is not the aristocracy, it is not the
monarchs. that have ruled the destinies of
the world, either in camp, council, labora
tory or workshop. The great inventions,
the implements, the discoveries in science,
the great works En literature have sprung
from the ranks of the poor. You can
scarcely name a great invention, or a
great discovery. 'you can scarcely name a
jrreat picture, or a great statue, a great
song or a great story, ncr anything great
that has not been the product of men
who started like yourselves to earn an
honest living by honest work-
The young practical man of to-day
working at the bench or counter, to whom
the fair goddess. Fortune, has not yet
btclicned. may be disposed to conclude
that it is impossible to start business in
this age. There is something in that. It
•s. no doubt, infinitely more difficult to
start a. new business of any kind to-day
than It -was. But It is only a difference in
form, not in substance. It is infinitely
easier for a.joung practical man of ability
to obtain an interest in existing firms thaji
it has ever been. The doors have not
closed \i\yon ability; on the contrary, they
swing easier upon their hinges. Capital
Is not requisite. Family influence, as be
fore, passes for nothing. Real ability, the
rapacity for doing things, never was so
eagerly searched for as now, and never
commanded such rewards.
The Itw which concentrates the leading
industries and commercial, mercantile and
financial affairs in a. few great factories
or linns contains within itself another law
not less imperious. These vast concerns
cannot be successfully conducted by sal
aried employes. No great business of any
kind can score an unusually brilliant and
permanent success which Is not in the
hands of practical men pecuniarily inter
ested in its results. It has been necessary
for me to watch closely most of my life
the operations of great establishments
owned by hundreds of absent capitalists
and conducted by salaried officers. Con
trasted with these, I believe that the part
nership conducted by men vitally inter
ested and owning the works will make
satisfactory dividends when the corpora
tion ia embarrassed and scarcely knows
upon -which side the balance ia to be at the
end of a year's operations. The great dry
goods houses that interest their most
capable men In the, profits of each de
partment succeed, when those fail that
endeavor to -work with salaried men only.
Even In the management of our great ho
tels. It is found wise to take into partner
chip the principal men. In every branch
of business this law is at work and. con
cerns are prosperous, generally speaking,
just in proportion as they succeed in in
teresting In the profits a larger and larger
proportion of their ablest workers. Co
operation In this form is fast coming in
all great establishments. The manufac
turing business that does not have practi
cal manufacturing partners had better
supply the omission -without delay, and
probably the very men required are the
bright younf mechanics who have distin
guished, themselves while working for a
few dollars per day or the youths from
th* polytechnlo school.
+- r
? PI*ACE ALWAYS OPEN
FOB. THE EXCEPTIONAL
TWATT.
the large proprietor Insures the growth
and maintenance of that element in so
ciety upon which civilization can most
securely depend, for there is no. force it.
a nation so conservative of what is good.
bo fair, so virtuous, as a race of men
who till the soil they own. Happily for
mankind experience proves that man can.
not work more soil profitably than he can
till hiineslf with the aid of his own
family.
"When we turn to the other army of la
bor—the industrial— we are obliged to con
fess that it is swayed by the opposite
law, which tends to concentrate manu
facturing and business affairs generally
in a few vast establishments. The fall in
prices of manufactured articles has been
startling. Never were the principal arti
cles of consumption so low as they are
to-day. This cheapening process is made
possible only by concentration. We find
1700 watches per day turned out by one
company, and watches are sold for a few
dollars apiece. We ha*ve mills making
many thousand yards of calico per day.
and this necessary article is to be had
for a few cents p«r yard. Manufacturers
of steel make 2500 tons per day, and four
pounds of finished steel are sold for 5
cents. And so on through the entire
range of industries. Divide the huge fac
tories Into smaller establishments and it
will be found impossible to manufacture
some of the articles at ail. the success
of the process being often dependent on
its being operated on a large scale, while
the cost of such articles as could be pro
duced In small establishments would be
two or three times their present price.
There does not appear to be any coun
teracting force to this law of concentra
tion In the Industrial world. On the con
trary, the active forces at work seem to
demand greater and greater output or
turn-over from each establishment in or
der that the minimum of cost should be
reached. Hence comes the rapid and con
tinuous increase of the capital of manu
facturing: and commercial concerns, five,
ten. fifteen and even twenty millions be
ing- sometimes massed in one corporation.
THK1FT DISTmGTJTSHES
THE CIVILIZED MAN
FROM THE SAVAGE.
-"the Old open. Freedom for all to engage
in railroad building when and where cap
ital desires, subject to conditions open to
all. Freedom for all to engage in any
branch of manufacturing under like con
ditions.
There can be no permanent extortion ot
profit beyond the average return from
capital, nor any monopoly, either m trans
portation or manufacturing. Any attempt
to maintain either must end In failura,
and failure ultimately disastrous just in
proportion to the temporary success of
the foolish effort. It is simply ridiculous
for a party of men to meet In a room and
attempt by passing resolutions to -change
the great laws which govern human af
fairs in the business world, and this*,
whether they be railway presidents, bank
ers or manufacturers.
The fashion of trusts has but a short
season longer to run, and then some other
equally vain device may be expected to
appear when the next period of depression
arrives; but there Is not the' slightest dan
ger that serious injury can result to the
sound principles of business from any or
aM of these movements. The only people
who have reason to fear trusts are those
foolish enough to enter Into them. The
consumer and transporter, not the man
ufacturer and railway owner, are to reap
the harvest.
Maxims.
Mr. Carnegie's new book, "The Empire
of Business," is at times epigrammatic In
its declarations and these terse state
ments are easily carried in the mind. It
is hardly possible to forget such sentence*
as these:
Aim for the highest.
Do* not touch liquor, or, If at all, only
at meals.
Never speculate.
Never Indorse beyond your surplus cash
!unds. i
Make the firm's interest yours.
Break -orders always to save owner*.
Concentrate.
Expenditure always within revenue.
The trouble is men are not paid at any
;ime the compensation proper to that
lime.
Every employer of labor is anxiously
itudying the men around him.
The millionaires are the bees or the
live, not the drones.
Capital, business ability and labor must
3e united in any enterprise.
The fashion of trusts has but a short
leason longer to run. - J
It is infinitely easier for a young/prac-
Jcal man of ability to obtain an interest
n existing firms to-day than ever before.
Subdivision, specialization is the order
jf the day. '•
The habit of thrift constitutes .one of
ihe greatest differences between the sav
ige and the civilized man. •
I have never yet met a man who fully
anderstood two different kinds of bust-,
leas.
The millionaire' who tolls on is the
:heapest article which the community «e
;ures at the price It pays for him, name \ .
iia shelter, clothing and food.
No young man .ever lived who had not
i chance, and a splendid chance, too, if he
was ever employed at all. The yuung
¦n^n who never had a chance is the sane
poung man who has been canvassed over
ind over again by his superiors, anil
round destitute of the necessary quanti
zations.
A basketful of bond3 Is the heaviest
basket a young man ever had to carry.
[ would almost as soon leave a youiig
man a curse aa burden him with the al
mighty dollar.
I attribute most of my success in lite
to the fact that trouble runs off my Back
tlk« water from a duck.
Men who in old age striv* only to in
crease their already great hordes ar« us
ually the slaves of the habit of hoarding
formed in their youth. . "*-,
At first they own the money; later in life
the money owns them.
College graduates will usually be found
under salaried, trusting subordinates.
It is not from the sons of the millionaire
or the noble that the world receives ua
teachers, its martyrs, its- inventors, it.;
statesmen. Its poets, or even Its men of
affairs. It is from the cottage of the pour
that all these spring.
It will be a great mistake for the com
munity to shoot the millionaires, for they
are the bees that make the most honey,
and contribute most to the hive after they
have gorged themselves full.
Money is left by millionaires to public
institutions when they must relax their
grasp upon it. There is no grace, and ran
be no blessing, in giving what cannot bo
withheld.
Wealth is being more and more distrib
uted among -the many. The amount ui.
the combined profits of labor and capita,
which goes to labor was never so great us
to-day, the amount going to capital nev«r
so small.
One false axiom you will often h»u>
which I wish to guard you against, "Obey
orders if you break owners." Don't you
do it. This is no rule for you to follow.
Always break orders to save owners.
There never "was a great character, who
did not sometimes smash the routine reg
ulations and make new ones for himself, j
Boss your boss just as soon as you can;
try it on early. There is nothing he wwi
like so well if he is the right kind of buss;
if he is not, he is not tne man for yuu
to remain with— leave him whenever you
can, even at a present sacrifice, and tini
one capable of discerning genius. Our
young partners in Carnegie Brothers won
their spurs by showing that we did niu
know half as well what was wanted a*
they did.
In my own experience I can say that 1
have known few young men Intended for
business who were not injured by a col
legiate education.
Men have wasted their precious year*
trying to extract education from an ig
norant past, whose chief province is to
teach us not what to adopt, but what to
avoid. Men have sent their sons to col
leges to waste their energies upon obtain
ing a knowledge of such languages as
Greek and .Latin, which are of no mure
practical use to them than Choctaw.
"Don't put all your eggs in one basket"
Is all wrong. I tell you, "Put all your
eggs in one basket and then watch that
basket." It Is easy to watch and carry
the one basket. It is trying to carry too
many baskets that breaks most eggs in
this country. Ha who carries three bas
kets must put one on bis head, which la
apt to tumble and trip him up.
It took me lome time to learn, but I
did learn, that the supremely great man
agers, such aa you have these days, never
do any work themselves worth speaking
about, Their point Is to make otnera
work wM!« they think. I applied this les
son In after life, so that business witn
me has never been a care. My youns
partners did the work and I did the
laughing, and I commend to all tha
thought that there Is very little success
where there Ia little laughter.
Nothing is truer than this; that as a rule
the "almighty dollar" bequeathed to sons
or daughters by millions proves an al
mighty curse. It is not affection for the
chfld. It is self-glorification for the parent
which Is at the root of this Injurious ttia
position of wealth. There la only one
thing to be said for this mode, it lur
niahes one of the most efficacious meana
of rapid distribution of wealth «v«r
known.
Here is a remarkable fact, that the
masses of the people In any country are
prosperous and comfortable just in pro
portion as there are millionaires.
In the old home of our race. In Britain,
which Is the richest country in all Europe
—the richest country in the world save
one our own— there are more millionaires
than in the whole of the rest of Europe,
and ita_people are better off than in any
other. You come to our own land: wa
have more millionaires than in all the
rest of the world put together, although
we have not one to every ten that Is re
puted so. .
The trouble between capital and labor
Is just in proportion to the ignorance of
the employer and the ignorance of the
employed. The more Intelligent the em
ployer the better and the more . intelli
gent the employed the better. It Is never
education, it is never knowledge that
produces collision. It Is always ignorance ;
on the part of one or the other of the two
forces. Speakins from an experience not
inconsiderable. I make this statement.
Capital is ignorant of the necessities and
the just dues of labor, and labor Is igno
rant of the necessities and dangers of
capital. That Is the true origin of fri*
tlon,between them.
ma. ANDBEW CARNEGIE Is
probably the most successful
'purely business man this
country has ever known, and now
that he writes a book to. tell us all
about how he did it we shall certain
ly read it with much interest. Mr.
Carnegie created a business out of
nothing. He did not make his for
tune by commission, as a banker, 'or
by handling merchandise, as a trader,
but by manufacturing material taken
out of the surface of the earth. Ha
never speculated in a ehare of rail
road stock; he owned a complete rail
road, but built expressly for the pur
pose cf his own manufacturing in
dustry; he built mills, but never sold
them.; he created his own line of lake
steamships; he bought land and
mined his own ore, and built up from
nothing a business which was event-
nally sold to the steel trust for sev
eral hundred millions. "What a man
of this experience has to say upon the
principles 1 and practice of business is
of the very greatest importance. His
book is a clear statement of the poli
cies that have been so potent in his
success, and of present conditions of
trade in America and England,. He
divides the work into three parts:
Tirst— Practical talks on the princi
ples governing a successful business
careen Second — Trade conditions in
America, with special reference to
steel and iron and oil and gas wells.
Third— International trade relations
&nd questions of "economics which are
vita] to business successes.
The book is published by Double
day, Page & Co. of New York. The
following extracts from' "The Empire
cf Business" contain lessons that
may be studied with profit:
"The Empire of Business"
v- fj|NDREW
13
THE SUNDAY CALX,.
' t-tsa-h 1 COT OF A STTOCESS
YUL BUSINESS MAN'S
BOOK OF EXPEDIENCE.
There Is a partnership oT three in the
Industrial world when an enterprise . is
planned. The first of these, not In im
portance but in time, is Capital "Without
it nothing costly can be built. 1 From* It
comes the first breath of life into matter
previously inert.
The structures reared, equipped' and
ready to begin In any line' of ..Industrial
activity/the" second partner comes into
operation. That is Business Ability. Cap-We. have seen in the circus how plates,
dishea, etc., 'are turned around on the
sharp.; ; end, of a stick. { Such things are
generally made of wood or metal, and
they lose, their balance as soon as the
turning movement gets so slow that they
cannot overcome the force of their jrav
' ity. . ;;' ¦. 1
We will now learn how to balance a
plate on the point of a needle without the
help of rotation.
Split two corks lengthwise and stick a
fork In the end of each of the four parts,
so that they form not less than a right
angle ;with one another. Then place the
, four pieces of cork at even 'distances on
the rim of the plate, and see that the
forks touch the edge, of the plate.
J After this is done place.the plate on the
point of a needle, the head of which Is
forced in the cork of a bottle, and the
plate will balance. By careful handling
the plate can be given a rotary motion,
which will last v some time, as the friction
between the needle point and the plate is
very small.
To Balance a
Plate
on a Needle Point
BELOW is given the first set in
a series of Puzzle Pictures that
will appear in the Magazine
Section of The Call. To make the plan
of the puzzle perfectly clear let us
solve one of them. Take, for instance,
the one with tiTe, caption "Where Is
the Children's' Mother?" Turn the
picture so that the left-hand side be
comes the base; then, if you will look
carefully in the fluffy part of the um
brella you will see the mother's face
clearly outlined, while her arm and
dress are formed by the sand; the
little girl's hands are right at the
bottom of the mother's ! dress. You
see they are quite easy when you
know just where to look.* Solve them
all for yourself and then see if the
rest of . the family can • do as well;
some are hard to see and others will
catch your eye at . the first glance.
On one that the answer will just seem
to pop out of , the page at you your
friend may spend hours and still not
be able to solve the problem; 'then
p-nother that seems perfectly clear to
ethers "will appear nothing but a
tangled network to -your eyes. Try
them and . see for yourself.
HINT TO THOSE WHO WOULD TRY THE PUZZLES
There is a very strict law In Italy
against the export of works, of art and
a member of the royal family even coulu
not sell or give away a picture or statue,
ornamental piece or pillar from a palaca
without the consent of the authorities.
It Is estimated that the average cost of
crime through taxation in this country is
not less than $3 50 per capita of the entire
city population.
The first mention of -stamps is in the
letters of the old Bishop Syneslus of Gy
rene, on the Greek coast of Africa,' 400
years after the Christian era.
"We have two plain glasses of even adze.
Their rims. If put on top of ono another,
apparently close hermetically. When w«
pour any fluid, preferably water, slowly
over the top of the two glasses (as shown
in figure) we expect to see the water run
over the sides of both glasses to the table.
However, this will not be the case. The
water expands on the top of the upper
glass, drips down Its sides and collects
In the Inside of the lower glass. Both
glasses must be rubbed dry before the
performance. *
Closed Wn$ GTass
Easy Way to
Fill a
Closed Wine Glass
POINTERS FOR THOSE WHO WOULD PLAY THE GAME OF PING=PONG.
striker, the nets or posts excepted. A
"let ball"« after the service does not count
a fault.
When a ball is not returned over the
net or fails to bounce on the table it
counts an ace against the player.
Volleying is not allowed; a ball played
before it bounces counts an ace against
the player. Half-volleying is permissible.
The game Is scored like tennis. The
player making the first ace counts 15.
Should this be the server the score Is
called "15-love"; should It be the striker
out it is called "love-15." The second ace
counts another 15, and according t» who
registers the ' point the score is called
"15-all," "30-love." or "love-M." Th»
player making the third ac« counts 40,
and~unless the score Is "40-air* the player
¦with the 40 points wins the game should
the next ace b» scored by that player.
.,In the event of both players scoring:
three aces' (4<^all) . the game Is called a
"deuce," and the first to score an ace re
ceives "advantage." Should the aams
player win the next aie the game Is won,
but should the other player score the ace,
making a tie at advantage, the score re
verts back to deuce and so on until one
player scores two consecutive acea Im
mediately following the score of deuce.
A set is won by the player who with a
lead of two games first wins six games.
Should, however, the score of games be
6 — 5 a victory cannot be secured until a
lead of two games has been obtained, such
as 7—5 or 8^-6.
Continuous Ping-Pong , can also be
played. The service then changes at the
end of every five aces, and instead of
counting an ace as 15 It counts as one.
Should the score- be tied at 18 the players
set five, and . the one ' first winning five
aces secures . the game. At 19 the game
is set at three and the player who first
wins three aces obtains the victory. Best
of three games constitutes a set.
14 the May Era Frank A. Crowh-urst
has an exceedingly interesting, com
plete and timely account of the game
which can now be considered a craze —
"Points on Ping-Pong." It is written
plainly and is easy to understand. The
author does not have to hide lack of
knowledge by ambiguity of language, for
it Is evident that he is an experienced
player who knows the game. The follow
ing are the
REVISED RULES OF PIXG-PONG.
The game can only be played by two
persons, and each player shall take a po
sition at opposite ends of the table. The
one opening the service shall be called*
the server and the other shall be known
as the striker out
The service alternates at . the end of
every game; the server in the first game
is the striker-out in the second and the
striker-out becomes the server.
Play shall be strictly underhand. Down
ward smashing counts as fault and loses
the striker an ace.
In serving (a) the server shall stand
behind the table, and in playing the first
ball of every ace his bat must not be
over the table, but behind it. (b) The
bat handle must not be higher than the
waist and the bat itself must not be
raised above a perpendicular position.
A fault counts an ace against the player
who makes It.
The server in opening a game shall
stand at the r'ght-hand side of and serve
into the opposite square or his opponent's
right-hand court. In serving the second
ace the p. ay shall be from the opposite
corner to the opposite' court, and the
server, after calling the totals at the
conclusion of every ace, shall say, "Serve
right" or "Serve left," so as to notify
the server.
Failure to serve In the proper court
shall count an ace against the server,
there being only one service for each ace.
After the service the ball may be playfed
on any part of the table.
. Should a ball strike the top of the net
and roll into the proper court it is called
a "let ball," and the server shall play
the ball over again, but a repetition dur
ing the service of the same shall count
a fa'ult against the "server.
If the ball, before it bounces, strikes
any object either around or over the ta
ble, it shall count, a fault against the
Solution: I have not put the muslin in
the flame of the candle, but in its stead
a small piece of white linen that I have
smuggled in the piece of muslin. I have
laid the coin on it and wrapped it in it.
Then I held it in my hand, as shown in
figure, while the piece of muslin is in
side my hand, the ends hanging down.
By burning: the small piece of linen the
coin drops out. To repair the muslin, the
performer has to rub it, and secretly
hides the piece of burnt linen by smug
gling it in the hand. Then he shows the
muslin, with no signs of a burnt place.
A piece of money is wrapped in a piece
of muslin and tied with thread, as shown
in figure. I hold the coin wrapped In mus
lin near a burning candle. But — too bad! —
I came a .little too near; the trick has
been successful only in one way. The
coin !s free through the influence of the
heat— but the muslin is destroyed. What
can we do to repair the damage? I hold
the burnt part of the muslin once more
against the candle, rub it . between my
hands, pull, smooth It, and— the muslin
is whole; the burnt place has disappeared.
Trick With Fire.
A man has received forty bottles of
wine. As he cannot trust his servants,
he places the bottles in his cellar In such
a way that he counts always eleven bot
tles on each side, as shown in illustration.
But gradually the servant stole 4, 4, 4, 4.
and 2 bottles (altogether 18 bottles) with
out the master's noticing It, as he always
counted eleven bottles on each side. How
did the servant arrange the bottles? The
explanation is given in A, B, C, D and E.
Dishonest Servant
!
THE {SuiODAY CALJL..
r
WH t^H-Ti IS TT™ CHIU>REN"'S UOTHERP
"HAEET, BRING MB THE PAPER." WHERE IS HASRYP
"HKrVR COMES TTNCXU51 STOSE." uth HH.TH 33 vrm
I 'SHOT AT A DUCK AND MISSED. A BUCK." WHERE IS THE BUCK ? \
FIND THE. BOG THAT HAS BEEN CHASING THE SHEEP.
"I WANT THE PORTER." WHEUE" IS HE?
14
HOME MAGIC for EVERYBODYtree, and discovered that there was a
plebeian strain, an hereditary taint run
ning through the veins of the whole to
bacco family. Here was a sensation. If h*
had found a bar sinister across the tree,
. there could not have been raised a greater
scandal.- Such a hue and cry was set up
against the unfortunate Tobaccos that
to this day they are still looked, upon
with suspicion and tabooed by nervous
people.
I call this fact to your attention, ladles,
not wishing to deceive you as to the na
ture of the cloud that overshadows the
fair fame* of Lady Nicotine; but I firmly
believe that if I secure your good will by
everything that has pertafced to Itfe frota
the list of articles used for food. Awf" < ' 1 f
taken In the chase are exempted, as ara
fish. The Japanese mother nurses her.
own child, continuing sometimes up to the
sixth year, though other food is given In
addition after the first or second year.
The main food of tha: Japanese mother
consists of rice, fish,' shellfish and sea
weed. Wine or alcoholic products ar«
never used, says the Medical Record.
Medical men think that the larg* us* of
the products of the sea Is tho reason why,
rachitis is unknown. Of court*, th* Japa
nese know nothing about butter, cream,
cheese, etc., but they make an *xc«Hent
substitute from a Dean, rich not only la
oil, but also In nitrogenous element* Yet
consumption Is common among th* upper
classes In Japan. Mountaineers ars, how
ever, exempt from tuberculosis. Yet Japa
nese are a small people., smallness with
them being a race characteristic.
Japanese Taboo Milk
THE Japanese do not use milk, cows
being almost unknown in Japan.
Milk, an animal product, falls under
the condemnation which excludes
her favor, and get her admitted Into •
respectable corporate body Ilka ours, it
will be a great step toward re-establish
ing her permanently in publlo esteem.
Should you repudiate her you are not
"up to date," nor are you the progressive
woman you claim to be, for you must
know that her faults have been condoned,
and that she has free entree Into th*
most swagger ladles' clubs in London, and.
is a welcome guest in the most exclusive:
eet of the 400; even royal ladles con-'
descend to share their most private confi
dences with her;
Of course. I am aware that we shall
have to face a censorious number of crit
ics — but need we care? Let us consider
this objection overruled.
It may be further objected by tea*
squeamish members triat Lady Nicotine
belongs to a very large family,' and that
if we open our doors to admit her som*
of her decidedly objectionable relatives
will also demand admittance; but, ladles.
I can assure you that no one will work
more strenuously than* I to keep them out;
none of the plugs, shags, nor common old
twists can darken our doors — "not on your
life." I draw the "color line" there most
emphatically. And as to the chewing To
baccos, wa will not sully our mouths by
even naming them.
There is a collateral branch, again.
who, at the present time, in atrlvinc to
force its way Into the heads of tho Eng
lish nobility. I refer to the detestable old
Snuff family; that they too may suc
ceed is possible, for a few days ago I
read that his Majesty King Edward VII
'permitted one of the younger Snuffs to
titillate hla royal nostrils in the presence
of the whole court. With such an ex- ,
ample who can doubt the results? But
if any members of the Snuff family try
to poke their noses into our club wo 'will
use the ballot-box and shut them up.
, There are, however, a few of Mm©.
Nicotine's connections whom, we are per?
fectly safe in recognizing— some smok
ing Tobaccos of American brands; and be
sides there are a few of the for
eign branches undeniably select. th*
Russian and Turkish Cigarette families.
' Another question which I am going to.
meet in advance is, What qualifications
has the Lady? Can she bring a new ele
ment for good in,to our club?
15
...
-THE? : SirraAY Ca£l;
the , prying curiosity , ¦ and . probing of
ence to '..' find ' flaws ; in '.•'¦" everything
sd- .- everybody?/ A ' Frenchman named .. Jean
and", Nicot went to work, dug "up the family
1 DON'T approve of smoking f cr women. . ¦ < \ l^A- -^ fltiVfJ • ~
: .. Why don't IP V.."
Chiefly because I 'don't. I suppose that's a woman's *e»-j§
son, but it's a good enough one for me.
- There are so many things to be said against smoking. We all
know that it is a dangerous habit for men when indulged in to ex
cess, and why not even more so for women P Their constitutions can
not stand as much. The action of the heart is affected and the lungs
and throat are irritated.
Of course you may -argue that smoking need not be indulged
in to excess; but we have all seen men who wero slaves to the weed.
When they started out they thought they could always control the
habit, but it got the upper hand. Are women .so much stronger of
will that they can be* sure of faring betterP
Aside from the matter of health, I don't like to see a woman
smoke— -do you? ." ¦*• ."¦ •
It isn't womanly. Perhaps it's manly, but who wants a manly
Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee Tells
Why She Objects To "My Lady"
What Mrs. Murphy
Said to the
California Club.
THE old constitution of the Califor
nia Club having, gone to eternal
smash, and as yet no new by-laws
having been passed' to regulate un
ruly members, I am about to take
advantage of the situation and
stand defiant before you, at the same
time knowing I am going deliber
ately to shock some of you j but I
am reckless, for I feel assured you
cannot suspend, reprimand nor drop m*
from your roll of membership, though- 1
should disturb the harmony — even worse,
endanger the good name of the club by
the proposition I am going to make. ¦
Ladles, I am about to propose' the name
of a lady for admittance into our circle
who, notwithstanding her popularity and
success, beass a very cloudy reputation.
She is accused of turning the heads and
damaging the hearts of her too devoted
lovers. I may as well admit It; she cer
tainly causes Internal commotion and up
sets th* arrangement of nearly all social
bodies on her first Introduction: but her
irresistible charms ar« so potent that no
matter how much she may disagree with
you on first acquaintance, she succeeds In
winning you orer to her, and you soon be
com. th. be* of friend*. v .
Of course, I expect, opposition to my
candidate: I already see some of you
turning up your noses and shaking your
skirts at her; nevertheless, T am here to
champion her cause and ask your sup
port for her, for the reason that I believe
in her, am her stanch friend, having made
her my confidant and bosom friend for
some years, and can honestly affirm that
, her good qualities redeem her faults.' •
Now, you are all wondering who she is;
Well, I am not ashamed of her, although
I am so often sniffed at when seen In her
company. But let me formally introduce
' her. _¦ , v .
Madame President and Ladies,
"My .Lady Nicotine."
! of good old American stock, of whose
lineage and family connection there can
be no question; a descendant of one of
the very first families of Virginia, whose
records trace back four hundred years,
long before the Colonial Dames or .the
•Daughters of the Revolution were ever
thought of.
About 1580 a member of her family,
Plant Weed Tobacco Esq., accompanied
Sir Walter Raleigh to England, where he
was received with the warmest Welcome
and honors. His fascinating qualities win
ning for him a reception into the high
est circles, he. became a social power, not
ment for good into our club?
I maintain that she can. Is she not
¦ the personification of peace? Does not
her • soothing presence Inspire good will
and calm reflection?- Her very; symbol,
the calumet, or pipe of peace, hanging
over her sanctum (for of course she will
have her own . quarters in our new club
house), of itself suggests harmony.
Again, she makes for health and length
of years by purifying the atmosphere
around her of the deadly microbes. You
never read of the death of a centenarian
but you invariably find that he or she
has been a persistent smoker and devotee
of Mme. Nicotine, for eighty or ninety
years. '
Ladles, you have all heard the Ma
dame's claim to your suffrages, and while
I realize that I. am out of order, I am.
going to ask for your votes right now;
you can't stop me for you have no by-
I laws. ?
.¦¦'• Those who are in favor of ejecting Ma
', dame Nicotine will- say "ay*," those op-'
! posed ' "no."
' The ' "noes" are In . the majority. • Ma
dame Nicotine is snuffed out.
only in England, but* all over Europe, and
for over 800; years his descendants -were
entertained unquestioned In every quar
ter of the" globe. •
But alas ! Who and what ' can . escape
of a cigarette is an art );hat men will
tell you you can never acquire without
becoming a man. Remind them that the
Spaniards have told them that they could
never acquire the , art without becoming
a Spaniard.
The trick of rolling the tobacco back
and forth, keeping It evenly distributed
along the paper, is the secret of the
whole thing. It always wants to make
itself into a flat parcel; this is just what
it must not do. It must be made round
and nothing in the .world but practice
will teach you to succeed In this.
Pile the tobacco along the paper, as
evenly as possible. Then commence the
rolling, holding .the edges of the ¦ paper
upward between the thumbs and fore
fingers. Keeping the edges pressed to
gether, roll the tobacco with a back-and
forth motion of the thumbs and forefin
gers until you feel . It compressed and
rounded. Then tuck in the edge nearest
you. pinching it In tightly with the
thumbs; roll the other edge of the pa
per in, rolling toward yourself; wet it
and fasten the edge down, fold up the
ends and there you are.
M$^> Wai* 0V2?
x1r{% Paw Goddess
*** tr T LADY NICOTINE— what war
/ \ / I there has been, .over that one
I I woman!
! And now there are hints of her
being accepted.
She has made more social
squabbles than any parvenu, and yet she
is an F. F. V., as Mrs. Murphy calls to
our attention. For Mrs. Murphy, th«
Judge's wife, is the champion of the
lady's cause and she it was who proposed
her for membership in the California
<"lub. She was voted down, but there are
rumors that she will be proposed again
scene fine day when the time is riper.
For cur women ar4 smoking:.
Very quietly, for the most part, with a
few" intimates. Some are bolder and open
ly declare themselves champions of the
much-discussed ; lady. Mrs. Murphy is
quite willing to do this. The Princess of
Lome is said to have done likewise, al
though she shocked her poor mother, Vic
toria, almost to death.
And now that the women have taken to
smoking, they have acquired all kinds of
dainty fads and fashions, as women al
ways do. They must have their own
cigarette cases, forsooth, and their own
match boxes to go with them. They even
have their own entire smoking sets some
times.
Borne of the very latest fashions in these
are shown on the page. The smoking set
is worth studying, for it is arranged in
quite the correct way and the same pieces
rrmst appear in every lady's set, no mat
ter what the design.
The set is the same that comes for men.
with the cisrar holder left out. .It is a
whispered fact that some of our women
are emoklng cigars, but it seems gener
ally agreed that it is not a feminine habit
and it is tabooed with many who accept
cigarettes as good form.
The set, all in pure silver, consists of
a tray for the whole, a cigaxette holder,
a match box, ash tray and lamp. These
lamps are to be had in the most charm
ing: conceits. Some are' shaped like a
chafing dish, with the little alcohol burner
cunningly hidden. Others are designed
like the old Roman lamps, those found
in the ruins of Pompeii.
Th© cigarette case comes In endless de
signs of gold, silver, gun metal and
leather. The raised work in hammered
•liver Is the newest. Heavy designs of^
figures and faces are the most popular;
dragons and serpents are other favorites. -
The match boxes are in similar.' designs
and materials. The smartest thing
among them is a silver case made to hold
something dearer than matches. The
front of the box snaps open at an unex
pected hinge and there appears a photo
graph deftly concealed- The girls are
carrying these cases with his picture
tucked away in there Just as he carries
hers.
The gun metal cases are polka-dotted in
turquoises and amethysts.
One match box and taper holder com
bined is made of polished silver and is a
wonderfully handy little thing to have
around on a table or desk. Your light la
ever ready and the article is a charming
orr.ament in the bargain.
Of all the smoker's conveniences,
though, the most distinctly feminine is
the tiny holder made of silver wire. It
is as simple as a bent hairpin. It hooks
itself over your cigarette, Tiolds itself
there and offers a dainty silver ring to
you to be held. Not a tint of nicotine
need stain my lady's fingers when she
supports her cigarette in this wise.
Other holders fit over the end of ' the
cigarette and are the same as those used'
by men. In fact, the articles do not dif
fer. When a girl walks into the Jeweler's
and asks for a cigarette or match case
.Ahe Jeweler has no means of . knowing
whether it is for herself or her brother.
While chatelaines were still In fashion
the girl used sometimes to go to a repair
ing and odd-job jeweler and have a ring
fitted to connect the cases and the chate
laine. Now chatelaines are out and my
lady has resorted to other devices. T"
A dainty inner pocket In a coat or bo
lero jacket Is made, Just big enough to
hold the cigarette case. Sometimes it has
a second compartment to hold the
matches.
The giA who rolls her own cigarettes—
this Is what Mrs. Murphy advises her to
do— should have a Jar or pouch for to
bacco. A silver-covered book of rice pa
per U ready tor operations. The rolling
Now it is
My Lady
NicotineTHE SUNDAY CALL.
16The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO. 162.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 11, i902-T-i;OBTY PAGES.
FIRES BLAZE FIERCELY AT ST. PIERRE;
SOUFFRIERE THREATENS ST. VINCENT
VIEW OF DESTROYED TOWN WITH THE VOLCANO IN THE DISTANCE, AND VESUVIUS IN ACTION.
PROMPT RELIEF FROM
AMERICA AND FRANCE
PABLES to)The CaliJivmjSt:Lucia f '-'ihe. island next south" of Martinique,
where the chief disaster of May 8 occurred, say that Mont Soul frtere at
St. Vincent is \ also in eruption and 'another disaster is- feared. A wall of
fire on Martinique makes relief ' work for the present impossible.
Jhe Senate in Washington J has passed a bill ; appropriating $100,000
for relief work in Martinique. The French Cabinet in Paris has author
ized the Minister of Finance jo extend all moneys^ necessary for the suf
ferers and an officer has sailed from Brest with $100,000.
/ A cable from Senator Knight in Fort de France, island of Martinique,
says Morne Rouge, a suburb. of St. Pierre, was spared. About 800 per
sons live there at this season. .
r^Four American ships are believed to have been among the vessels
destroyed in St. Pierre 's harbor. Cable communication with Fort de France,
ten miles from St. Pierre, was vpened yesterday The French cable com
pany'srepair steamer Pjourfere • Quentier\ landed at Fort de France about
500 persons she picked up in the harbor of St. Pierre. x ¦
Great Britain will send a warship Mt p nee to Martinique.
The United States cruiser the island
and the training ship Dixie will go to Fort de France.
cinders are falling on the fertile
and well-populated valleys. All
springs have been dried up and
lakes are steaming pits. Residents
are dying' of burns and thirst, and
manv have been overtaken in
Continued on Pasre Eighteen,
; . .The /volcano : called . Souffriere
(sulphur), " in '. the ¦northwestern
part of Str- Vincent, is in sympa
thetic eruption, and on.the north
side of 'the "island" for a .distance
of six miles there 'is a burning",
sizzling strip.- ' , " • •¦¦ - ;
Incandescent sand and redhot
The i island of St. Vincent ¦ is
threatened with similar disaster,
and-: St.; Lucia lies midway be
tween these two_ volcanic centers/
been caught in the disaster which
is : so': widespread. _ .
Threatens St. Vincent
The belief is here that some
residents of -St. Pierre must have
taken warning. from the ominous
actions of Mont Pelee for.several
days previous to the \ catastrophe
and -have sought refuge- in the
country. Even they may have
involved at least 40,000 victims.
They 'had .no apparent chance to
escape when the top of the moun
tain exploded. ..'<¦¦ s j^ill
blanket of fire which fell* ugon
St. Pierre appeared to be* con
suming all the country for . miles
around. Since the" rescue of
thirty persons by the French
cruiser . Such'et it is not " known
that another person is left alive
in: St. Pierre, though it is,lioped
that more rescues may -have' been
effected. It seems beyond doubt
that the, radius of , destruction has
At present all attempts at' res
cue or investigation are practi
cally useless. Along four miles of
the western coast of the island
there is a bed of fire,-, and the sky
is black .with -smoke and haze.
Passing -vessels report that the
of Mont Pelee in all probability
have been razed by the flaming
gas and cinders and by redhot
rocks and incandescent sand.
People Who Flee From the Doomed Town
Meet Awful Deaths in Places of Refuge.
Deadly Blasts From Mont Pelee Devastate Surroundingg
Country and Few of the Inhabitants Escape.
fProm the New York Herald's Spe
cial Correspondent. Copyright,
1902, by the New York Herald
Company. 3
ASTRIES, ST. LU-
S* CIA, B. W. L, May
$ io. — It is certain that
the city of St. Pierre,
Martinique, has been obliterated,
withjits .25,000 population, and
other towns within the shadow
Pages 17 to 28
Pages Iff 28Continued From Page Seventeen.
FIRES BLAZE FIERCELY,
"Everything tends to the belief that the
Governor of the colony, M. L». .Mouttct,
news of the Martinique cataclysm recelv
ed at the Colonial Office. After announc
ing that the French cruiser Suchet h"ai
thirty survivors on board, the Governor
of Gaudeloupe says: > " .
For Additional Details See Page
Nineteen.
"WILLEMSTAD. Island of Curacao,
May 10.— The Italian steamer Pedemonte.
which arrived this morning from La
Guavra, reports that while passing near
the island of St. Vincent Thursday nigh:
her deck was covered by a depth of two
Inches of ashes and her passengers wero
nearly suffocated with the smell of th«
sulphur. During Thursday all along th«
coast, especially in the Gulf of Para, sub
terranean noises were heard. The In
dians were terrorized.
Ashes From St. Vincent.
the steamer Roraima. which was destroy
ed inf the Martinique disaster, are on
board tho steamer Korona. The follow
ing are reported as saved: The quarter
master, the stewardess and Seamen Mor
ley, Thompson. Moore, Evans, Benson,
Mayer. Leady and three unknown sailors.
The first officer and assistant purser ar»
In the hospital at Fort de France.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Tnc agent of the
Quebec Steamship Company has received
a telegram from the company's agent at
Dominica, saying that the survivors of
Saved From the Roraima.
WAKEFIEL.D. Mass.. May 10.— It Is
feared that Captain Parks of the schoon
er T. "\VY Norton, whose home is in this
city, and his son. probably lost their lives
at St. Pierre. The Norton }s supposed to
have been at St. Pierre this week and
from reports at hand It is believed she
must have been lost.
Captain and Son Lost.
clally fitted out. Qpnsisting of volcanists,
seismologists, geologists, geographers,
meteorologists, astronomers and mining
engineers. It Is tho- purpose of societies
interested to thoroughly explore and re
duce to recorded knowledge the physical
conditions of the lesser and greater An
tilles, together with the entire eastern
coast of South'" America. •
Ccntinued on Page nineteen.
A John Milne, F. R." S.| the famous Eng
lish } seismologist, who is now engaged in
establishing a seismic .survey of the world,
has; been asked itp^take. 1 : part .in the .work
of 'the proposed expedition. "¦¦ It is probable
an expedition to; Martinique will be spe-
} ;! r ; nichal interest In the volcanic de
struction of. St. Pierre in "the midst
of 'hurried preparations in many
parts -of the United Kingdom to co-ope
rate with France In relieving" the popula
tion of Martinique that depended on the
business capital of -the Island for food,
scientific societies are . formulating: plans
for the investigation of '„ the causes, char
acter/: and results of the eruption.
«jr ONDON. May rlO.— British' physic
'§-.'. ¦ lsts and deep-sea cable construe
•*-?* «tors are taking a profound tech-
PREPARATIONS
OF SCIENTISTS
TO INVESTIGATE
The cable dispatch also said that Morrife
Rouge was spared. Morne Rouge is a
beautiful resort situated between the city
of St. Pierre and the crater of Mont
Pelec' -. T ' • " • •
"Well. Property, safe."
.-The. wife. of Senator Knight has receiv
ed a' cable dispatch from, her husband,
dated- Fort de France, Martinique, at Z
p. m. yesterday, saying: '***¦
At .least fifty families at Bordeaux are
bereaved. Most : of the business of St.
Pierre was transacted through Bordeaux.
The' Bishop of Martinique sent a cablo
gram from Fort de France, forwarded, at
5:30 p. m. yesterday, announcing the safe
ty of ; Pastor King of St. Pierre, who es
caped the disaster and sought refuge at
Morne. Rouged It is hoped ¦ that others
fled- there. ' . i ¦
Cable messages have be Ai received by
the southern route. All ute northern ca
bles are interrupted. , i
An unending procession of inquirers who
have friends and relatives on the stricken
island is arriving at the Ministry of the
Colonies, which has telegraphed to every
possible source for Information. ..;
A 'few private telegrams received here
renew the hope that some of the inhabi
tants of St. Pierre, escaped. .'
and .Colonel Gerbault and their -Vivas
perished with the populatlon'of St. Pierre
I have ordered the. prompt dispatch of
provisions from Polnte-a-Pltre and Basse
terre. Tho Suchet sails for Martinique
this evening.' All -of .the people and the,
supplies of Gaudeloupe are at your com
mand for relief.", . -. ; v- .. - . '. ;• . . ; -
their flight by the overflow from
' Souffriere.
In this 150-mile stretch of the
Windward Islands volcanic ashes
from St. Vincent and from Mar-
Two of the of the
crew, were loud ijii their praise of
the heroic conduct of the cap
tain in: steering their vessel away
from" destruction -witli his own
Captain's Heroism.
Captain YYliattcr reported that
having just cast . anchor off St.
Pierre at 8 a. m., in fine weather,
succeeding an. awful thunder
storm during the night, he was
talking to the ship's agent, Jo
seph Plissono, who was in a boat
alongside, when he saw a tremen
dous cloud of smoke and glow r 
ing cinders rushing with terrific
rapidity over the town -and port,
completely, in an instant, envel
oping the former in a sheet of
flame and raining fire on board.
Th£ agent had just time to climb
on board when ; his boat disap
peared. Several of the crew of
the Roddam were quickly
scorched to death. By super
human effort, having steam up,
the cable was slipped and the
steamer backed away from the
shore and nine hours later man
aged to reach Castries^ Ten of
the Roddam's men were; lying
dead, contorted and burned out
of human' semblance, owing: to
the black cinders which covered
the ship's decks to a depth of six
inches. Two more of the crew
Latest reports from the vicin
ity'of St. Pierre come by the
Royal Mail steamship Roddam,
which had left St. Lucia at mid
night on tiie 7th for Martinique,
crawled slowly into the Castries
harbor, unrecognizable, 'j gray
with ashes, her rigging disman
tled and. sheets and awnings
hanging about, torn and charred.
Roddam ( .Gets Away.
ever active volcanoes on St. Lu
cia and Dominica, but these have
shown no sympathy with the up
heavals of the neighboring
island*
Kingston, the capital of St.
Vincent, en the southwestern
end, with, a population of 5000,
is still safe, but the people are
alarmed, and fear flaming masses
from Souffricre may overwhelm
them at auv moment. There are
Decks and riggings of vessels
arc covered -with the dust, and a
feeling of terror prevails on sea.
Terror Prevails.
tinique overhang hi vast clouds,
turning' day into partial dark
ness.
and more authentic reports may not jus
tify, the present estimate of the tremen
dous loss of human life.
_ That there is an immediate necessity
that aid should be extended to the sur
vivors there, can be no doubt. Let the
United States lead In the act of caring
,for the stricken. She and her people
never have failed yet to be moved by the
cry of, distress which has come up from
other lands. Let us extend our sympathy
for our unfortunate fellow-men and send
with It from our abundant stores the
means necessary to succor those upon
whom has fallen a sudden and'over
whelming calamity. I believe that in
tendering our sympathy and assistance
we shall but Interpret the wishes and de
sires of the humane generous American
people."
Sympathy was on the face of every
Senator when Senator Fairbanks had con
cluded his remarks. No one. rose to make
any further statement and a vote was
taken. The Senat > unanimously passed
the bill.. It was taken at once to the
House. Then it was that . Underwood
temporarily deprived his State and the
country of opportunity to spontaneously
do a good deed.
TTNDERWOOD'S "CHARITY."
"There is./no occasion," he .said, "for a
legislative sDasm. The reports of the
situation of Martinique may be exagger
ated. Some official report should be re
ceived before action is taken."
Representative Parne of New York
urged upon 'Underwood to withdraw his
objection. Underwood persisted, however,
and the bill, under the rules', had to go
over without action until Monday. Un
derwood, who thus earned for himself
unenviable notoriety, hails from Birming
ham, Alabama, where he has posed as a
charitable citizen.. He was educated in
Kentucky and Virginia and upon gradu
ation began the practice of law. He has
been in Congress eight years. His con
duct to-day hag sub-ectcd him to harsh
criticism and one member was heard to
observe that it was apparent that not
withstanding Underwood's professions, "he
certainly did not practice charity when
he had an opportunity to do *so. \
In spite of his objection it seemed
strange that he should vote Immediately
after tho consideration of the Martinique
relief bill was postponed for a measure
appropriating money to print 6000 cop!es
of Jefferson's life of "Jesus of Nazareth."
FRANCE ACTS
PROMPTLY IN
SENDING AID
P- ARIS,-May:10.— At^a-meetmg of the
French Cabinet;, this morning * the
Minister of. Finance, 1 M. Caillaux,
: • .was authorized ' to expend all the"
money necessary to succor .the sufferera
of the Martinique disaster. An official of
the Colonial Office sailed from Brest for
Martinique this morning with half a mil
lion francs (J100.000) in cash.
The Cabinet further decided to order
the half-masting of flags over all public
buildings for three days, and the Minister
of the Colonies, M. Decrals, was In
structed to telegraph' to the Government
of Martinique the condolences of France.
The Minister of Marine has received
the following undated dispatch from
Polntc-a-Pitre, Island of Gaudeloupe,
from the commander of the French cruis
er Suchet: . ¦ ¦
"1 have obtained the following informa
tion of the events of yesterday: About
8 o'clock the volcano threw up a' consid
erable mass of smoke and earth. A whirl
wind of fire immediately followed. In
stantly the whole* town of St. Pierre was
in flames, and the ships In the harbor
were dismasted and burned. The shower
of rocks lasted a quarter of an, hour; I
arrived at 9t. Pierre at 2 o'clock in the
afternoon, saved a few persons from the
ships. I saw no living creature in St.
Pierre, to which it was impossible to pen
etrate. There were numerous corpses
near the quay."
• A telegram from" the Governor of the
island of Gaudeloupe contains the latest
"We are shocked by the intelligence
which comes to "us of the great destruc
tion of life and property on the island of
Martinique and of the probable loss to
both life and property in adjacent islands.
In a.11 history there seems to have been
but one disaster of similar ' character
which equals it. It would seem from the
reports which have come to us that it is
exceeded only by the destruction of Pom
peii. It is, indeed, to be hoped that later
Secretary Moody estimated. to-day that
the Cincinnati can coyer the 600 mile.3 sep
arating Santo Domingo and Martinique
within forty-eight hours. This would
necessitate the Cincinnati steaming at a
constant s* peed of between twelve . and
thirteen knots per hour. As she has a
maximum speed of -nineteen knots per
hour, it is apparent that she can easily
arrive at Martinique by Monday. This will
give her time to take coal aboard at San
Domingo or stop at some Intervening
point. In directing Commander -McLean
to use discretion. Secretary Moody has in
mind the fate reported to have overtaken
two relief steamers which : were sunk
while endeavoring to reach St. Pierre.
• The action of the Senate upon -the bill
for the relief of sufferers of Martinique
has earned for that body the warmest
praise of officials and diplomats. ' Senator
Fairbanks offered the bill which appro
priated $100,000 and authorized the Presi
dent of the United States to expend It In
the purchase of such "provisions, cloth
ing, medicine and other necessaries as
he shall deem advisable and tender the
same In the name of the Government of
the United States to the Government of
France for the relief of citizens who have
suffered by tho late disaster in the islands
of the French West Indies." Thlj bill fur T
\ ther authorizes the Secretary of War to
use the necessary steamships belonging
to .the .United States to carry its purpose
into effect. ; .
Senator Fairbanks requested immediate
consideration of thq measure, saying:
:•' NEED FOR RELIEF.
"Order Dixie to prepare for sea as soon
as practicable. Report when she can be
ready."
As more than one ship might be needed.
Secretary Moody also telegraphed this
message to the commandant of the New
York navy yard:
DIXIE WILL SAIL.
"Proceed to Martinique. Render such
assistance as' possible. Use your discre
tion. Report by cable when practicable.
Correspondents of American newspapers
can go if you arc willing."
The State Department,, having been
notified late this afternoon that the situa
tion in Santo Domingo was more orderly.
Assistant Secretary of State Hill called
upon Secretary of the Navy Moody and
suggested, in the light of this Informa
tion, that the Cincinnati dr directed' to
porceed to Martinique. Secretary Moody
and Rear Admiral Taylor, Chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, had been consid
ering the advisability ot'orderlng the ves
sel to Martinique and earlier in the. day
had indicated to Captain Yates Stirling,
commandant of the naval station at San
Juan, that he might dispatch the ocean
tug Potomac to Fort de France. ' The or
ders cabled by Secretary Moody to Com
mander McLean, commanding the Cin
cinnati, read:
The department has made inquiries of
Consuls at other points in the West In
dies and within forty-eight hours .hopes
to be advised of the ex^nt of the dam
age wrought by the eruption.
This was an anxious day for the Gov
ernment. The President is taking special
interest in the disaster, but the State De
partment was unable to furnish him with
any information. Consul Ayme at Guade
loupe suggested yesterday that he be per
mitted to proceed to Martinique and Sec
retary Hay cabled him permission this
morning. He Is now on his way, having
sailed on the French man-of-war Suchet,
which is carrying supplies to the destitute
of the devastated island. ' .\
CONSULS ARE CABLED.
The action of the administration was
indorsed and supplemented .by tho Sen
ate to-day, which passed a bill appror
priatlng $100,000 for the relief of the dis
tressed of Martinique. This bill would
have gone through the House with the
.same impressive promptness that it re
ceived action in the Senate had .it not
been for the officious and uncalled for
objection of Representative OBcar W.
Underwood, a parsimonious' and narrow
"statesman" from Alabama. Though suf
ficient official and unofficial information
had been received showing the awfulneas
of the catastrophe Underwood expressed
the opinion that Congress should await
the receipt of "official details," and it
will not be possible for the House to act
until .Monday, when the measure will be
taken up and passed.
' ments in Washington the
United States has taken measures for the
relief of the sufferers from the awful
cataclysm which devastated Martinique.
The cruiser Cincinnati has been ordered
to proceed to the island without delay to
investigate and report upon the situation
and extend aid to the survivors. The
ocean tug Potomac may now be on her
way from the naval station at San Juan.
The training ship Dixie has been ordered
to prepare for sea and she will be sent
to Fort de France should additional aid
be required. . . . ' ' .
¦^-«»AL.L BUREAU, 1106 ,G
f y STREET, N.W., "WASHING
g TON . May . 10.— With an . u n-
H J selfishness and spontaneity
\agSy that have impressed the rep
': resentatives of foreign govern-
Special Dispatch to The CalL
United States Quickly Acts
to Save Sufferers
From Death.
WAR VESSEL
WILL HURRY
TO ST. PIERRE
• . ;¦,'...¦•/¦-• '¦*-¦¦¦• ' ¦>->' ¦¦¦''¦¦' - ¦ , ' ¦ - ' . . ¦ . , ¦ ¦ ."•¦• J ; - .<
THE SAN. FBANGISGO CALIi, SUNDAY, ¦* MAY 11, 1902.
18
ADVEBTISSMENTS.
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
It weakens the delicate lime tissues,
deranges . . the digestive : organs, and
breaks down the general health.v "'.: .;;
It often causes headache and dizzi-
ness, impairs the taste, smell and hear-
ing, and affects the voice. ".
Being a. constitutional disease it
quires a constitutional remedy.-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Radically/and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of the nose, .throat. ; stomach."
bowels and more delicate organs, and
builds up the whole system.
No substitute for Hood's acts like
Hood's. Be sure to get Hood's.
»¦¦'- i . : - '- ; : .' ¦ ¦¦"¦ .'-,', ' '¦ i r . ' \
' Testimonials. of remarkable ' cures mailed on
request. C. I. IIOOD CO.. Lowell, Maes. ¦•'
Grand Opening Display of Pfister's
Bathina Suif^ IorSeason1902 * We have aiwa ys
DUtllllig iJUiW been the originators of many new
s'yles of bathing Suits, and this season we are eclipsing all
previous records by showing the largest variety
ever offered on this Coast. If we have^ {fto\\
not in stock exactly what you want we wil \*v5
make it for you and can assure you satisfaction. SmT
Our goods vary in prices to suit ail purses. jjgg^SS^g^
Women's Bithing Suits Ircm $1.50 to J15.C0
Girls' Bathing Suiis Ircm. 123 to 5.00 Ml3L/ )
Men's Bathing Suits torn. . . . 75 to 8.00 \J?0M} /
Beys' Bslhing Suiis from .50 to 3.50
A complete line of Bathing Caps Shoes. Bandanas, IfcRsi^wfrTk
Bath Rob65> To ' A mln&&K
KNnJflNG CO. l^hnHIf' Jib W
60 Geary St., San Francisco, as w *u as TEf?N?'
Open Saturdays until IO P.M. .and BAE*AIL SUPPUES.
Ju3tReseffed---Kew supplj of *• Ping Pong," from $3.tO to $10.00. -
A TBrlAIi BOTTLE OF THE WOILLiyS GREATEST *KX3>NET (TUBE
SENT ABSOLUTELY FBEE TO EVEBY READER "OF THE CALL
WHO SUFFERS FROM KIDNEY, LIVER, BLADDER OR BLOOD DIS-
EASE, OR WHAT IS COMMONLY KNOWN AMONG WOMEN A3
"FEMALE WEAKNESS."
IT IS YOUR KIDNEYS!
THOUSANDS OF MEN AND WOMEN HAVE KIDNEY DISEASE AND
DO NOT KNOW IT UNTIL IT IS TOO LATE.
THIS SIMPLE TEST WILL TELL:
Put some morning urine in a glass or bottle; let it stand for twenty-four
houre. If then It Is milky or cloudy or contains a reddish brick-dust sediment,
or If particles or germs float about in it. your kidneys are diseased. This Is the
supreme moment when you should begin to take Warner's Safe Cure to^xrest
«!1 these unnatural conditions, for they are the unmistakable symptoms ofneidney
disease. H, after you have made this test, you have any doubt in your mind as
to the development of the disease in your system, send us a sample of your
tiriae, and our doctors will analyze it and send you a report^ with .advice, free.
Warner' s Safe Cure
Dr. Leo Vogel, 3123 Pratt Ave.. Rogers Park.
HI.. fay f : "I presort bo WARNER'S SAJ"E f^M^^l
• TRE and find It euros all case?, of kidney and I jf£-£t§^.
bladder troubles, and ulso female weakness; it v/^S^ TV. 1 ;"!/ ~> ,¦»¦» >^
Induces s}eep. and gently yet vigorously drives jht.is \ jv Eviwfir /I
the disease *out of the vystezn. thus restoring'* aS^CTt^. k FBszwH V < /A
health quickly and permanently." V^ ( V^v/£'^r^!§^'* < **OJS— 1/
Mi5s Mary Remark. 3S Thomas Ave., Mein- V VlK\ ff& ¦^sS&BHSS'' ' i
phii«. Tenn.. Vice President of the- Women's 1 /^ ESS^lSiSMSu /
league, writer: "WARNER'S SAFE CURE 1 ) Xp^^^i^ /
lias ci:red m*> of rheumatism which came from I /"^v?S^?^^^fel /
uric acid poison. I have h?<1 no rheumatic wv^^c-SrS^Ss^a \
pair? since 1 took WARNER'S SAFE CURE." VAmsl^M
Mr. Gecrge Dessum. 154 Fifth St.. Cincinnati. 'X \>%<^^MFaWW\
Ohio, Major of the Christian Volunteers, says: ] f
"I hsd travel ruJfl inflammation of the urinary \ 1/ t^^^SwwiMiA*
orgranis. catiserl by exposure In cor.ductinpr out- ftF^ \sv^®^S>iF''l|'fl
<1^or meetings. I found no relict until 3 took lujll vk^vtiifVllfllll)!
WARNER'S SAFE (TRE. It has absolutely V*iJ
cured me. May (>od bits? you for sending such Vy
relief to suffering humanity." . >%£5§IPf •» Wmm
Ar* you tiredV Low-s;ilrjtec ? Weak and flab- < Z%Z%?ii(S' t! Wuffl
by? Have yo:i h ron*:a^t drubbing ache in the A £«^sg3jp£& (VUSjwS
fmail of your back? Have you chill?? Scaldinp f'
«.r.d p&ln wiien you uriratr? A frequent desire |, ! &ZJi htL''W*ti
to urinate? Are you troubled .with sleepless- 5, 2??S rallSiS
nets? Have you headache? Is your appetite < 'Uffi : gS^raS
CURES KIDNEYS IS fj
bad? Do you find your food does not nourisTi > »g 9
vcur l>ody and make your blood ri^h and red? «£< *%t\8k
Have you a bad taste in your mouth in the JT JS f \ 1
morning? If you have any of these symptoms -f §j89 ' fa
your kidneys have be<?n tjiseas^d for a long; /^«^i5s5?X jxH^V
time, for kidney diseases seldom put out such '^=*Ts£a jgif
pyroptoms until they have been working several _^^^ I* f/5iig^y».^wrT|l .^^
month? xzid the tissues have been eater, awaj .*^Z*v/- X_
with the dlseare. Vcu have every reason to he
alarmed, and you should take Warner'3 Safe vfT?»f*iBS»^
Cure at once. You will find full directions with each bottle. Warner's . Safe
Cure is guaranteed to cure any form of kidney trouble. Blight's diseas*fe, • dla-
k«tes, uric acid poison, inflammation of the bladder, rheumatic gout,- liver com-
plaint, female weakness and irregular periods (female weakness and irregular
periods are caused by kidney disease neglected), too frequent desire to%urinate.
gravel, stones In the bladder, blood disease. Indigestion and headaches. All
these diseases originate in the kidneys. If the kidneys were healthy and strong,
fo that they could perform their work -,)ror>er!y, there would be none ot.thesa
complaints. WABTTKE'S SAFE CITE.B is purely vegetable and contains no
harmful dru«r«: It does not constipate; it is now put up in two regular sizes and
la sold by all druggists, or direct, at
5O Cents and SS.OO a Bottle.
Less Than One Cent a Pose.
Wefuy* substitutes. There i? rore "just as good as" Warner's. Insist on the
renulne Warners Safe Cure, which always cures. Substitutes contain" harmful
Jruga which. Injure the system.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the kidney, "liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's* Safe Cure will core tb-=-m a trial bottle will be sent abso-
lut«ly free to any one whr> will write Warner Safe Cure Co.. Rochester. N. T.,
aixJ'inentlon having seen thi? liberal otf=r fn Tho S?:i Frrmoisco I>aily Call. Thu
genuineness of this offer is fully Ruaranterd by the publisher. Our doctor will
pend medical "booklet, cor.taining rynptoirs nrd treatment of each disease, and
many convincing testimonials. frp-\ to any one wh i wil! v/rite.
_'_' • ; ¦ ' ' AD VEBTISEMENT8. "' _'-T: _ _ _ _; !'.__'_
MEN OF NATIONAL FAME
i)SE PE-Rt-NA FOR CATARRH.
Pe-ru-na Cures Catarrh Wherever Located.
Senator SnIIiyan Says: "I Take •»¦ " ' '*^^^<^^^5^n/^p"^>
Pleasure in Recommending^ Your »^y a<^t\
Great National Catarrh Care,. Pe- \ I|||^f5 \ r X\
nma, as the Best I Hare Ever V"^ ¦ d fl n % I
Tried," vj . X/J //
Hon. VT. V. Sullivan, United States 2S^^h». Xr^o *s.
Senator from Mississippi, in a letter re- _<eS^»-r —^-^^BE^r^^^^w N^^^^V
effects were distinctly beneficial, re- tJ^^^^^^^^^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^
moving the annoying symptoms, and
'•"' jr !l thousand your Perunci as a fine tonic and all
rnurnr<s<zMAM U WDr nrxTx : S ™ * " k ™ T * r . ound 9 °°f medic ' n0 to tAos9 who ara
Vl//»C//fxI«?«^/7/i/*. fj.ww. \J\jUC.n f k n o w.3 m need of a catarrh ramedy. it has
FROM LOUISIANA ¦ £r TaA k i e n'g besn commended io me by people who
. ...... i y^^KHQS? have used 'it, as a remedy particu-
is not a common patent medicine, but] mends peruna because he £* t «~»; /ar// Active in the cure of catarrh,
a scient.fically prepared medicine Pernna cures catarrh because it reaches For fnose wfl0 need a d ca{arrh
which simply cures catarrh I and th ££™T cihnsllihc blood of it* im- medicine I know of nothing better."
cleanses the blood of its impurities, purities because it regulates those organs , u uf nnneu
keeping the system in a fine healthy , ¦?£"£* fS' the svstem m a nne
condition. : h^lt'hrcond^on.^^ca'u'fu 1 restores the r » v«« *> ™t derive prompt and satia-
T consider It a«i rather a carefully Dre- functions of every organ and bring3 vigor factory results from u?e of Peruna,
Pared physician^ prelcrtotfon and hive to the organic nervous system. | write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
never found any which acts as promptly Mr. Jenkins la right. Peruna Is a care- full statement of your case, and he will be
and permanently as Peruna. fully prepared prescription, prepared by pleased to give you his valuable advice
"It deserves the highest praise ami I one of the oldest and best known physl- gratis.
know that those who have tried U have clans in America. .Thl3 is why it acts Address Dr. Hartman. President ot th«
perfect faith In It."- C. F. JENKINS. promptly and permanently. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
B.KATSGHINSK!
PHILAOELFKIA SHOE GO. I
(0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
SFRIKGTIKiE STYLtS. \
Tou certainly cannot enjoy a <
»ummcr outins with black shoe*, i
They show the <IuBt and dirt and >
do not retaJn th;it appearance tliRt {
is required. "With Man shoes It/is •
different. Go wncre you will, 'all 3
that is necessary is to ilust off j
your j-hoes or oxfonjs anJ they S
look well. Now this week we offer j
a special bargain. Ladles', Misses' :
and Children's Tan Kid lace fchoes, '
coin tees and tips, heels or spring I
heels. . I
Ladips* slic?, 2'i Io S, with i
h<^li! '.....".....fl.SO
lAdips' sizes. 2»i to C, spring U
h-*l« .....:•... 91.3T> i
Misses' elrcs. ll»j to 2. Fprlns "
hefls 91. 23 I
Chllds" sizes. S'-i to 11, spring 1
aeels fl.OS
WIDTHS B TO E. f
LADIES' CANVAS OXrUnUS
L*dies' canvat? oxford tics, in '
white, tan or gray. Turned soles, j
with coin toes and tips. Sizes L'V> :
ro*iS^^S REDLCEl5 \
A BIG STOCK OF TADIES' j
RUBBER FISHING BOOTS and !
outing: shoes constantly on hand.
N>w illustrated catalosue Just' out !
Send for one. ' j
CourAry orders solicited. ft
B. KATSCHINSKf,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
IO THIRD STREET, *7±Z
San Francisco.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service daily to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New,
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City. St. Louis, Chicago. New York. fPoston
and all Eastern points. For full information ;
lAerees' ¦¦ — ¦ ' ¦ *
u m. fletcher;
Pacific Coast Agent,
.. .. 156 California tt., San Francisco, . Cal.
DB. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
"I do not look as
though. I ever was
sick."
When a woman is sick she falls off in
looks. This is particularly the case
when she suffers from. diseases peculiar
to her sex. Not only is her strength
undermined, but she loses beauty of
face and grace of form. . ,
It is characteristic of the cures of
womanly diseases effected by the use of
Dr.; Pierce's Favorite Prescription, that
with restored health the/e is a restora-
tion of good looks.
« Favorite Prescription " establishes
regularity, dries weakening drains, heals
inflammation arid ulceration and cures
female weakness.'
"I wish to thank you for the good your, medi-
cines have done me," writes Mrs. Mae Brown, ot
Canton, Fulton Co.. His. « I was troubled with
female weakness and doctored with several dif-
ferent doctors. •-, They did Hot seem to help me;
indeed I got worse all the time.* I had ulcera-
tion and displacement of the. uterus. What 1
suffered no tongue can tell. I had heavy, bear-
"Insr-down pains . and thought my back i would
kill me.' I also had a very bad drain, but after
taking five I bottles of * Favorite Prescription !
and three of • Golden Medical Discovery, I am
feeling as well as ever.; It has been almost two
years and I have had' no return of the trouble.
My friends tell me I don't look as though I ever
was sick." ¦ - ¦¦•¦•¦¦. ' ¦'¦ . '
> Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, paper 'covers, is sent free ; on
receipt l : of .¦ : 21 " one^cent \ stamps j to pay
expense: 6f mailing only;, U Address Dr.
IL V: Pierce, Bufialo,;N. Y. ' v".V. ;it could not land on account of
the terrific fire, which was accom
panied by loud explosions.; Not
a living soul appeared ashore
after the boat had waited for two
hours. Fire and \ ashes fell all
over the steamer! !
" The British Royal Mail steam
er Esk, which called off Mar
tinique at 10 o'clock last night,
reports standing off shore five
miles, sounding her whistles
and sending up rockets. She re
ceived no answer. The whole
sea front was blazing for miles.
The Esk sent a boat ashore, but
Baffled by Fire.
ing first/ then the Quebec liner
Roraima. • Captain Muggah of
the latter waved his hand in fare
well to the Roddam as his vessel
sank with a terrific explosion. *•
Plissono is believed here to be
the sole survivor of the 25,000
inhabitants of the town, and all
the shipping J n the port has been
utterly destroyed, the West In
dian and Panama Telegraph
Company's repairing vessel go-
hands, which. were badly burned
by the ray of fire which kept fall
ing on the ship for miles after she
got under way. Beyond burns
all over his body the captain is
safe, as is also the ship's agent,
though he is badly scorched.
pair steamer Pouyer Quertier has
arrived at Fort de France, having rescued
450 persons' from St. Pierre^- She returned
immediately to the scene 'f ; the. disaster
to search , for further survivors.
W. P. '.'Lough, a member of the New
York Produce Exchange arid E. F. Darrell
& Co., about whom great anxiety was
felt - and who was supposed to be on the
steamer Roddam,' has been heard from.
His firmj received the following message
from him this afternoon, dated Dominica:
•'Fire has consumed everything on the
Roraima. Think it advisable to duplicate
orders."! .' ¦',:.'-..'¦:¦' ¦¦- ' : - .. . -. .
'.-..'Mr." Darrell" said -he. did hot regard it as
unlikely that this. message was sent from
St.*. Lucia. by boat to Dominica and from
there forwarded to this city.
Another , firm . which was greatly con
cerned about'.the real, condition of things
in ; St. .Pierre i was the . American Trading
Company. Henry C.-Demeduil, who man
ages-the French West Indies business of
.this 5 firm, -has a sister and Brother in the
city, .'and -.he made vigorous efforts to-get
news . from them- and -from the business
houses of St. Pierre, In whose welfare he
was especially interested.
\lt being impossible -to 1 obtain any -in
formation from St." Pierre, or Fort de
France, cablegrams were sent to France
In response to : an inqulryj cabled- to
deaux this message -was. received, to-day
.."Successive - cables 'announce 1 , that- sev
eral''families':, that took? refuge at' Morne
Rouro are safe. They announce also the
deaths-: of -the • Camlnades" and Louis
Hayot."; . . • ' ;¦ ¦ " .;¦:.',- ¦ ¦, ';-• .;<-¦ :
, The ::Caminade Brothers were members
of one of the, oldest and most .Important
families In Martinique. Their names were
Gastonar/d Raphael. They owned large
stores in St. Pierre, a bakery, several dis
tilltrles'.,and sugar' plantations.
, The flrm-'of- r MiddIeton;&. Co., this city
also ! was very much interested in the fate
of these two, brothers and a' message was
sent, to Paris to-day inquiring about them
to : whichv came the brief reply: ."Ail
'dead.'*-' '.?¦. ¦'-''".'¦¦''"i' ¦'¦ ''¦":': ' ¦¦¦• ; -.
;- 'Charles Teslart .of SI; New street, this
m r EW YORK, ' May 10.— The French
¦l\' cable company's offices in this city
•* - 1 were advised to-day that their re-
REFUGEES ARE
RESCUED BY A
CABLE STEAMER
8 A i telegram f from ;Fort de France says
that" hot mud and ; cinders have; been j fall
ing , all,- nightf throughout the/island' and
still " continue,' doing great ;, damage; • and
The cruiser; Suchet ... was here yesterday
buying provisions for -the survivors, in the
outlying ¦districts". | She .sailed j for Fort 'de
France last night | wtih a v large quantity
of .stores, f which were i immediately put
under military/guard. ' Negroes are: flock
ing '.in vast numbers into Fort de Franco
from;the surrounding country
food.':' ¦" "'¦ 'i,:.. : - ..: ¦¦'.-' ;'"'.. v.\ ;",
; "Every house ashore ; was utterly ' dc-^
stroyedand apparently burned under the
ashes .and* burning lava! An officer, who
was sent ashore penetrated ;but* a "short
distance into the city. ' He found only < a
few walls standing" and; the streets lit-'
erally< paved: with corpses.' The Governor
of the island,' who had arrived only a few
hours-before the i catastrophe, was killed.
Both the English and American X'onsuli
with their families were reported to Have
perished. It- is; certain. that no more than
forty out of the 25,000 " could 'have ;es
caped.".. • ¦ • . -.¦.:' • '
"Between 0:30 and 7 o'clock in the morn
ing on .Thursday, without waruing, there
came a sort of whirlwind of boiling mud
and' fire, which suddenly swept the city
and the roadstead. There were some eight
een : vessels, anchored in the harbor, -in
cluding , the, Roralma, the> French sailing
ship Tamaya, four larger' sailing ships
and others. ' All five vessels Immediately
canted over and: began to burn; The
Tamaya was a bark from'Nantes, Captain
Maurice.'and '.was. on her way to Pointe
a-Pitre. All the boats except the Roraima
sank instantly and. the same moment: / I '
voicano, In Martinique, had been
in a state of eruption since Saturday, May
3, throwing out ashes. The same day vio
lent thunderstorms began here. Tuesday
a very • heavy storm occurred and loud
detonations were heard. At noon came a
rumor that lava was, flowing, from Mont
Pelee and^that: 300 lives had been lost at
St. Pierre. , AU'that^day were heard here
loud noises, like the discharge of heavy
artillery far off. ;Itis not .known that
these noises -were fro'm . the '.Martinique
volcano. In .the afternoon the cable con
nections with Martinique all disappeared.
A very, heavy 'thunderstorm then broke
over Guadeloupe -and lasted for' a consid
erable time, and rumors were current that
the Souffriere. volcano . wa.s more active.
The earth, was f; trembling and "-\ volcanic
rumblings were heard. £*•'•
The first-mate oi uie Koraima thus de
scribes the disaster at St. Pierre: v. :
¦-XOINTE-A-PITRE, Guadeloupe, May
r* 10.— The morning of May 5 Guade
loupe learned that the Mont Pele«
TERRIBLE DIN
DURING THE
RAIN OF DEATH
For Additional Details See Pago
Twenty-One.
Members of the firm of L. W. & P
Armstrong said they had heard nothing
of their ship, the Talisman. They were
still under the belief, however, that the
vessel was at Barbadoes and that she had
escaped the fury of Mont Pelee.- •
a word of the ship had been heard. Th9
ship was chartered by the American
irading Company and had a cargo of
about $30,000 value.
At the office of Foulke & Co., the owners
of the barkentlne L. W. Norton, which is
supposed to have gone down in the harbor
of St. Pierre, it was said to-day that not
A report reached' this city to-day, pur
porting to ha%'e come by cable from Fort
de France, that General Manager Jella
radrt of the French Cable Company at
St. Pierre had been burned to death.
city is a son of the United States Vice
Consul at St. Pierre. Amedee Testart.
Young Mrs. Testart also has a sister in
that city, Mme. de Messinl. Testart said
to-day that from reports which had
reached the city he feared that the mem
bers of his family there had been killed.
"The whole northwestern region," says
Mr. Henning, "one of the richest In Cen
tral America, is in ruins. On the even
ing of the 18th (April) about twenty min
utes after 8 o'clock the first shock was
felt. -This lasted from thirty to forty
seconds and caused the wildest / panic.
There was no loss of life in' Gautemala
city, and the property damage was less
than at first feared, though walls were
cracked all over the city and many old
houses were tumbled in ruins. Ever
since then the shocks have continued
with more or less violence. The worst
damage, was done in the city of . Quezal
tenar.go. the second largest in the coun
try. Here it is estimated that from 5000
to. 6000 people were killed. At the time
of the first shock a violent thunder and
rain storm was raging. The electric
Ughting plant, of the city has been dis
abled, and when the people, panic-strick
en by the, rumbling and shaking of the
earthquake, rushed from their houses, it
was only to. meet death.' Stumbling and
falling in the narrow, winding streets, in
tctul darkness, save when the lightning
lit ci/the crumbling city with an unearth
ly £lnrc. the people died by thousands un
der the falling walls, while other thou
sands were caught like rats, only, to difi
of su/:ccation or drowning.:: The quaking
ami ruir kept up continually for throe
days. This made it almost impossible; to
do nny effective rt-lief work, and as a con
.-eqiH.nce, now that the hot weather apraln
prevail*.} the stench from the thousan Is
ot Indies buried in the ruins is unbear
able, and fears arc entertained of an epi
('.«m:r. Hundreds . of bodies probab'y
never ¦«vlll be recovered.".
. . Henning, elder, and representative of
the church In Gautemala, further details
are given of the disastrous earthquakes
ia. that country.
SALT LAKE. Utah. May 10.— In a let
let to the presidency of the Mormon
Church, dated April 23, from Paul
The expedition succeeded in reaching
St. Pierre, which, is' reported to be en
tirely destroyed. _The dead bodies found
were entirely nude. The houses seem' to
have disappeared as though they had been
swallowed up in a great pit. Immense
iron columns were found twisted and bent
over in the direction of the sea. It is
believed that M. Mouttet, the Governor
of Martinique, is among those who have
perished. . His wife went to St. Pierre on
the eve of the disaster.' ' •)
A second relief expedition was sent, out,
and brought back some of the inhabitants
of Corbet. They were crazed with terror
and dying from hunger.
Th« Suchet returned here about 6 o'clock
in the ¦ evening, bringing thirty persons,
who were frightfully - burned. Nine of
these ; succumbed while they were being
taken to the hospital here. Night came
on and the searchlights of the Suchet
lighted up the wharves where the work
of debarkation was being carried on. '
It is estimated that 30.000' persons per
ished at St. Pierre. All the roads leading
out of the city are choked with dead
bodies, according to the reports reaching
here.
The French cruiser Suchet left here,
followed soon by all available steamers,
towing lighters and* carrying rescuers and
provisions. Their return was awaited
with great anxiety. An hour : after they
left a steamer arrived and announced that
St. Pierre was overwhelmed; that the
town was in flames, as well as the settle
ments along the shore; that -the ships in
the harbor were on fire and the sea great
ly disturbed.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, May
10.— The volcano of Mont Pelee, near
St. Pierre,' had shown since May 3
; alarming symptoms, vomiting ashes
and mud. There was, however, little ex
citement and few fatnilles left the place/
On Thursday, May 8,\ at about 8 o'clock
in the morning, a terrible volcanic erup
tion occurred, the effect of which was felt
all over the island. At Fort de France
stones fell weighing from seven to ten
and even up to fifteen grammes. Thick
clouds of ashes obscured the sun and
filled the atmosphere. Panic seized the
population. The sea receded a distance of
fifteen meters and rushed back with great
force, afterward . resuming . its normal
level. . . -
DEAD BODIES
CHOKE ROADS
AT ST. PIERRE
SIX THOUSAND
PEOPLE PERISH
IN GUATEMALA
The direct West India cable company
received this afternoon a cable dispatch
from St. Lucia dated to-day saying:
"Sloop just leaving for St. Vincent, pre
sumably with the object of ascertaining
what has happened on that island. Pos
sibly took Governor Llewellyn."
"Information incomplete. ' The ' eruption
continues. I am endeavoring to get back
to St. Vincent." • ¦
"The Souffriere Volcano on St. Vincent,
B. W. I., erupted violently yesterday.
Loud- reports, resembling artillery fire,
were heard at Barbadoes at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon. .At 5 o'clock there came
darkness and i thunder, accompanied by
a strong downpour of dust, which con
tinued until .night. Barbadoes is covered
several inches deep with dust this morn-
Ing. .Have telegraphed Sir Robert B.
Llewellyn, Governor of trie Windward Is
lands, offering him all assistance."
Thirty deaths are reported to have oc
curred at the island of. St. Vincent, ac
cording to a telegram received at the
Colonial Office this morning from Gov
ernor Llewellyn,' forwarded from St. Lu
cia yesterday evening. The Governor
adds: •
A report from. Barbadoes says that on
the ,7th the sky was heavily overcast, the
heat was excessive and there was a dis
tant sound of thunder. Later, early in
the afternoon, flense darkness set in and
a great quatlty of vivid dust fell and
continued falling until a late hour.
LONDON, May 10.— The following cable
gram was received this morning at the
Colonial Office from Governor Sir Mitchell
Hodgson of Barbadoes: - .
been in a state of eruption for nine
consecutive mornings. On Thursday morn
ing the day broke with, heavy
thunder and lightning, which soon
changed into a continuous, tremen
dous .roar. Vast columns of smoke
arose over the mountain, becoming denser
and denser, 'and the scoria-like hail,
changing later to fine, dust, fell upon all
the adjacent estates, destroying a vast
amount of property. At, Chateau Blair
the ashes were two feet deep in the
streets. In" Kingston they were fully an
inch deep, and many large stones fell in
the" parish of Georgetown. The earth
shook violently, and at 4 o'clock in the
afternoon a midnight darkness came over
the country.
« Thirty people are known to be killed,
and the damage to property in the Wind
ward district was very heavy. The storm
roared about Souffriere all night without
cessation, but on the following morning
it became intermittent and fainter.
POINTE-A-PITRE, Guadaloupe, May
10.— A message from the island of
St. Vincent says: The Souffricre has
DESTRUCTION
AND DEATH ON
ST. VINCENT
It is not even possible to ascer
tain whether the configuration of
the country has been greatly
changed, although it is said' that
the whole top of the mountain
has been blown off, for volcanic
masses were scattered for a dis
tance of at least a dozen miles.
Animals sre, dying all over the
island, and all fodder growing
crops are destroyed. Bodies of
men and cows and horses ' are
found dried by the rain of ashes,
miles from the scene of active de
struction.. .Other islands .are
sending assistance, but they; are
without guidance as, to the nature
or the extent of help required.
Food stuffs of. all kinds are ur
gently needed for the relief of
Martinique and St. Vincent, as
well as in eddition to the suffer
ing refugees already in St. Lucia.
desolate. Thousands of persons
are -flocking into Fort de France
and famine faces these survivors.
Terrible Desolation.
.ITie Quebec line steamship Korona ar
rived at the Island pf Dominica yesterday,
bringing a number of survivors from her
sister ship, the Roraimal The captain of
the Korona says the eruption at St. Pierru
was apparently from a new crater, and
that-. accompanying the .eruption there
seemed to be a tidal wave, \ which over
whelmed the shipping.
that when the final' reports are received
It will be found that many people . have
been killed or Injured In '.other parts of
Martinique, i • : ; • • '' , •.?')
THE SAN FRANCISCO wCALl,^ ; SUNDAY, MAY 11, 1902.
COUNTRY ARE ||^^|^7^M§^j^^pJ
Wand survivors WffMS^K§U&M&^
Continued Prom Page Eighteen.
Late ad vices, say that some of
the inhabitants of St. Pierre, tak
ing warning, fled -to Fort de
France, capital of Martinique,
and a few came to St. Lucia. But
almost all of these refugees were
women and children sent away
by their husbands and fathers.
These are now left destitute and
19
,^^& '.. An every=
'li * come here and we can show you with
! \ '*^^M^^^^^^^^' 5 than any other store m an P ranc^ sc °-
11"^^^^^^^^ 7 Were you to come in to-day we
/ would show you a suit at $7.50
ffillPPim W'iw\ Mll^^^r / which for out and out vaIue is the best
? ' I [ !rjM 1 M /il^^^^rr t lliilv\ be duplicated for a cent less thar $10
'll^^^ 1 when soid ° n the maker - to - m!ddie -
rui'-i'-i'w^w ISmwimK ShW i/' ' Our maker-direci-to- wearer price
w Ifillf Mffll ? ilir I is 7 50 ~" a clear, clean-cut saving of
I I it'll 1 ¦ The mate " a i s e cheviots and
llHli 1 ' tweeds in lightweight summer mixr
' tures and a^ so s ° 14^ blue lightweight
i- W MW Vsm 1 VM5I serges. Every bit of the goods is all
PlJliiif \'\ fillirfii' wool and each suit is fully guaran-
¦ One week special „^^^fc| ¦
: in youths' suits /flH|H|
The wise mother will bring her son \\m^W^B^J|^^^P / j
down and buy one of the suits, while \^o^SBBraH|MHBHRl^^^^^^i^ •
there is a chance to effect an appreciable . \^^^^^BE1 F^^^^^^v '
saving. The suits orizinallv sold for $10; v^^iHlliB Sffl^P 17/ ! <l
the special price now is $6.65. vS™iffii iS^^i! S ¦iliit '/ / '
The reduction is made to clear the V ffi»wf^Sul'' ImWV/
suits out The facts of ths case are \T^HlfflP fi^^r\ iSiP //'
these: While the goods are light pat- \\ m}\ HMfflfflMF ///
terns— just the thing for summer wear-— \il J| ' | ||fB® \BpW| /' '/ j
; the weight of the cloth is a trifle heavy; |U || j Mjfm Si Hff I I {
but this makes it more durable; the suits \|i j] |J I'jjjif .' 'ifjji jf In I
are all right tor San Francisco weather, v \ t |i •fml fli -'''I/'/// ''
where it so often becomes ccol on sum- iM \ \\\ IM ' .(H Mi I '
mer evenings. Up to Saturday night the m! 'llifl ilSr'ii//// '
The ages are from 12 1019 years and the liilllllnli S«lj s Hi'
coats come in single and double breasted styles. i IlllSl 1 fSil li ull
Special sale of shirt waists and blouse 'wlSIfli till I V' • i
Shirt waists, light and dark colors, detach- I fiiiliilfl ' '(IfflW
abebelts with riveted buttons; ages 4 to 12 -I Iv\ln|JJ|||| ""* -\\ yfjU \ ¦' ,'
or* furnishings. P^T^. ¦ - -I clothing, fUrnish-
" . 718 Market Street, r in^ s Q" hate. ,
jjr' Go. in the ¦• "World. - *k
# Our four stores make this the largest drug companjrm ;%¦
Jr i the world and that is one reason why we can sell goods for • \ft
/f less money than other drug stores pay for them. We «re prac- ll
m tically vyholesalers selling at retail — everything we sell must be the ? i
iM best of its kind or we won't sell it— this list of specials good until *'
mi Saturda > r n 'g ht » Ma X * 7th. ' Telephone orders delivered — South, 356. V
(M. l-^fey' 5 * 0^ Mermen's talcum Lola Montez Cream 50c I
]Fi I box Of each 20c Nettie Hirri«on*« but creut— fegalar
111 Rejolir ijtnd i; cents each 75c- «i*«
m Lyon's Tooth Powder |5 C Coke Dandruff Cure <J5c '
\» s * Te ten cent * thii week FaU "" nKal " * l *°° *•«*•
\jP Churchill's and Cuticura Soap Pabst Best Tonic — bottle 20c i
l« > • ' * CaKe of each 25C ' Repolir 15c bottle. Special price Jl (
\W La Figurine Face Powder 20c M11R 30c Wll
vvv^ Malvina Crtnm *^n nernuta^e Whiskey 65c j/if
" WITH A LAME BACK?
Have You Rheumatism? Do You Have
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney and Bladder
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, AH Onr Readers May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back Is un- of the bladder, uric acid, constant head-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble. It ache, dizziness, sleeplessness. nervou»-
is nature's timely warning to show you ness, irregular heart-beating, rheumatism,
that the track of health Is not clear. bloating. Irritability, worn-out feeling.
If. these danger signals are unheeded, lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
more serious results are sure to follow; complexion.
Bright's disease, which is the worst form If your water when allowed to remain
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you. undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
The mild and the^ extraordinary effect twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
of the world-famous kidney and bladder settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swarop-Root, is is evidence that your kidneys. and blad-
soon realized. It stands the highest for der need immediate attention.
Its wonderful cures of the most distress- In taking Swamp-Root you- afford nat-
ing cases. A trial will convince any- ural help to nature, for Swamp-Root la
one— and you may have a sample bottle the most perfect healer and gentle 4id to
free, by mall. the kidneys that is known to medical
science.
Backache and Urinary Trouble. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Among the many famous cures of Swamp-. ?£ 1 i5? e r,' of the «? inll J? n i t kidney «£ bIad -
Root Investigated by The Call the one we pub- der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
Hen to-day for the beneflt of our readers speaks derful success In both slight and severe
«fn the hlghext terms of the wonderful curative cfases. .Doctors recommend it to their
properties of this great kidney remedy. patients and use it in their own families.
DR. KIUIER& CO., Binghajnton. N. T. because they recognize in Swamp-Root
GENTLEMEN: "When I wrote you last the greatest and most successful remedy.
March for a sample ¦ bottle of Swamp- Root, my ' If you have the slightest symptom of
wife was a great sufferer from backache, rheu- kidney or bladder trouble, or if there i3 a
matlsm and urinary trouble. After trying the trace of it in your family history send at
sample bottle she bought a large bottle here at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton.
the drug store. That did her so much good she j;. Y.. who will gladly send vou fr#»<» hv
bought more. The effect of Swamp-Root was mal j [ innriediatelv without J?m™, »
wonderful and almost immediate. She has felt h^ttlL Af «J^l^ ? P yC L U * , a
no return of the old trouble since. % £„„$ V, ? « Swamp-Root and a book
Oct , 1901 F THOM\S of wonderful Swamp-Root . testimonials.
311 Northampton St., Buffalo. N. T. Be s " re }° say that you read this gener- ,
T . , . , , , , ous offer in the San Francisco Sunday Call.
. Lame back is only one symptom of kid- If you are already convinced that
ney trouble-one of many. Other symp- Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
toms showing that you need Swamp- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
Root are. obliged to pass water often dur- dollar size bottles at drug stores Don't
ing_the day and to get up many times at make any mistake, but remember tna
night . inability to hold your urine, name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
smarting or frritation in passing. br:ck Root, and the address, BlnghamtonN
dust or sediment' in the urine, catarrh V.. on every bottle.SAN JOSE, May 10. — Th« engagement of
M!*s Mary'Adele Martin, daughter of Mayor
and Mrs. C. J. Martin, to William Raymond
TVUnoiv'a young business man of Victoria. B»
C. Is announced. The wedding will take place
early In July. ' ¦ ¦
Charles W. Johnson, alias James Mc-
Dermott. alias James Ryan, appeared be
fore United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday for sentence on a con
viction for uttering counterfeit nickels.
Johnson was granted a week at his re
quest to afford him an opportunity of pro
ducing ¦ evidence of good • character. • As
Johnson nas served three terms in the
State penitentiary aggregating twenty
years for burglary and grand larceny
there will be much curiosity as to the
character of evfdence he will produce.
Johnson Defends His Character.
Representatives of a number, of- the, San
Francisco parlors of the 'Native Sons of
the Golden West have- organized the Na
tive Sons' literary and social committee
for the purpose of promoting the social
feature of the order in this city. The fol
lowing were chosen officers: W." P. John
son, president; W. F. Kaiser, vie© presi
dent; W. F. Morton, treasurer; T. E.
Hearty.- secretary; N. C. Hall, C. L.
Licht. trustees; Fred H. Jung, C. F. Tur
ner, J. F. Toomey, R. P. Dunphy, W. F.
Kaiser, T. E. Hearty, E. H. Andrews, H.
A. Mullen and F. J.- Silvery, executive
committee. This new organization will
give an entertainment and dance on the
fourth Wednesday of each month in Na
tive Sons' -Hall. The initial entertainment
will be given on the. 28th inst.
Native . Sons' .Social • Committee.
•. Supplemental* .to f the statement ".was
made, another, charging, that*- McCarthy
and his associates were identified with
labor matters solely, to advance: theirrpo
litical ends. The . public -was. warned,
therefore, to accept any statement- of the
Building Trades Council.. with a ; grain of
allowance. ¦.'/•". •:: ; -. ¦ .¦•:> : '¦ -_ : : ... .
brotherhood. So the matter stands. . The local*
of the United Brotherhood are composed of
as good mechanics as exist ln ' America — good
loyal citizens of California whose only oflenae
Is that- they are loyal to the organization, they
have been so • many years building up to lta
present proportlona of over 100,000. . . ;¦_¦',-
SANTA FE. N. M.. May 10.— The board of
regents of the New Mexico School of Mines has
elected Charles R. Keyes of Des Molnes, Iowa,
president of the Institution to succeed 7. A.
Jones. MBM
In the interview Crowe tells a long story
of his wanderings during the past year
and a half, and. insists that he has been
persecuted by the police. • - »
. Cudahy could, not be reached by tele
phone to-night, and Chief of Police Dono
van has not yet returned from the Louis
ville convention. Police officials seen to
night are inclined to discredit the story,
or at least the greater part of It.
The interview is said to have occurred
some time ago. Crowe at the time was
in the vicinity of Omaha, and according
to his own statement has been ln this
city several times since the kidnaping oc
curred. He disclaims having been con
cerned in or connected with the abduc
tion, and expresses the belief that James
Callahan, who was twice acquitted of par
ticipating: in the crime, had nothing what
ever to do with it.
OMAHA. Neb., May 10.— A morning
paper will print to-morrow morning 1 what
purports to be an interview with Pat
Crowe, whose name has been connected
with the abduction of Edward A, Cudahy
Jr., son of the millionaire packing-house
owner, eighteen months ago, and for
whose return a ransom of $25,000 in sold
was paid by the father. ffiUff
Elusive Pat of Kidnaping
"i Notoriety Is Inter
;-ft^ viewed.
CROWE DECLARES
HIS INNOCENCE
At the last convention held in Scran ton. Pa.,
P. H. McCarthy failed to get elected first vice
president of the brotherhood and on his return
to San Francisco began to lay plans to disrupt
the brotherhood ln this State. In January, 1901,
a committee of five was appointed by him to re
vise the constitution of the Building Trades
Council. Four out of the nve were known ene
mies of the International Brotherhood of Car
penters. The revised constitution submitted
was such as to abridge the rights guaranteed ' by
the Brotherhood of Carpenters. Article 2, sec
tion 3. reads as follows: - •
t "No 'union which holds : membership in any
central body or council foreign to the building
industry shall be eligible to membership in this
council, and any union which holds membership
in the Building Trades Council and which affil
iates with any central. body or council, not an
integral part of the building trades, shall, by
such affiliation - or action, forfeit its member
ship In this council, and shall stand suspended
without any further trial."
i When this constitution was pending before
the affiliated unions a committee appointed by
the president of the Building Trades - Council
visited every -union whjeh would admit them
and lobbied for its adoption, using the argu
ment that a vote against it was an act of dis
loyalty to the Building Trades Council. Many
of the unions ln the council are locals having no
national affiliation.' That fact and the argu
ment spoken of explains the apparent and large
vote given to said constitution. Carpenters'
Union No. 483, seeing the danger of -said con
stitution, voted unanimously against the same.
After No. 483. had been' . refused the working
card on October 1, - 1901, it appealed to the
general • executive board of carpenters. • Pend
inp such appeal the union withdrew its dele
gates from the Labor Council. The decision
of the executive .board of October 23 sustained
Union No. 483.' The decision was as follows:
"That no union- of the brotherhood could
subscribe to any laws of a Building Trades
Council that may conflict with the rights guar
anteed to its members by -its general constltu
tlOn> UNION WAS SUSPENDED. '
Upon ; receiving said, 'decision ] Union .No. ; 483
again sent delegates to the Labor Council, arid
was immediately suspended : by ; the Building
Trades ¦ Council. >After the 1st" of January,.
1002, th». Building. Trades. Council again re-'
fused No.' 483" ltd working card and began its
warfare against • It. ¦-» The. general president of
the Brotherhood . of Carpenters sent a represen
tative here -who succeeded ; in getting . the Dis
trict Council 'of Carpenters to agree to 'ask for
a rehearing of the case. At a meeting of tha
executive board in. January the former decision
of the board -was reaffirmed.. The " District
Council of Carpenters dominated by the.dele
gations from Union N.O. 22, composed almost
entirely of men holding positions ln the City
Hall, and from No. 423, the mill workers, re
fused to be governed by this decision and re
quested the* Building Trades Council to enforce
the working card. For its refusal to abide by
the decisions of the general executive board
the District Council was dissolved. Union No.
22 also refusing to obey the decision and strik
ing against members of the brotherhood, was
suspended and ordered^, to forward Its charter
and property to the general secretary-treasurer.
The laws of the organization provide that this
shall be done in cases of suspension. This
order No. 22 refused to obey, and is now il
legally holding the charter and money and
doing business as a union of the United Broth
erhood.'- When Union No. 483 was dropped
from the rolls of the Building Trades Council
Mr. McCarthy and his associates in the Car
penters' District Council, being in the majority,
passed a ' motion ' expelling No. 483 from, that
council. Two /years ago when the mlllmen
were on strike the Brotherhood of Carpenters,
in convention 'at | Scranton, Pa., donated $2000
to San Francisco locals to be paid in strike
benefits to members out ' of . work on account
of the buildings under construction-. being .tied
up for lack of mill material. This money was
not .used for that purpose, .but was Invested
by the District Council In Progressive Mill
stock, and when No. 4S3 was expelled from
'the District Council the remaining delegates
passed a motion to transfer 'the mill stock and
other property and funds, amounting to $2400,
to their attorney, Cleveland L. Dam. to pre
vent the brotherhood and No. 483 from obtain
ing their share of the same. This dishonorable
act. with, all ' others known to trickery, has
been practiced against No. 483. The general
executive board Instructed the loyal unions to
form a District Council, which was done. The
Building Trades Council took ' the . part -'of the
suspended union against the United Brother
hood and ordered, a -strike of the other trades
In the council ' against ¦ all members of the
PLANS ABE EXPOSED.
. The new District . Council of th& United
Brotherhood of j Carpenters ahd "Joiners
met last night and issued a statement in
which President P. H. McCarthy of , the
Building Trades Council is charged: with
the responsibility for the present troubles
in which the carpenters' are involved."
McCarthy is accused of having exercised
a political pull to advance his own.inter
ests; that his opposition , to the brother
hood is, due' to the fallurelof his constitu
ents to elect him vice president of the
brotherhood at the Scr'anton convention,
and that he is looking after his own in
terests rather than those of. any organ
ization with which he has the honor to be
identified. -. .: . . . .
The statement of the District Council is
the first made since the opening of hos
titlities. It was decided to make the facts
public now that the. Labor Council assured
the District Council . of? the brotherhood
that it could rely upoYi' the central body
for help. The statement is as follows: \ :
Inasmuch as many' statements have been
made by the Building Trades Council and an
organization of carpenters of this city formerly
known as Local 22 of the Brotherhood of Car
penters, about the difficulty between the car
penters and the Building Trades Council, the
District Council of Carpenters representing: the
following locals— 483, 10S2. 3M and 616— with
the support of . more than forty other 'locals of
the State, issues, the following statement in
Justice to the brotherhood and the public:
B.e Is Accused of Attempts
to Disrupt Unions of
#i; Brotherhood. ;
-Council ; of, Carpenters
.Charges . Him /With
, Disloyalty.
SAYS M'CARTHY
IS RESPONSIBLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SUNDAY, i MAY- 11 ; l*>02.
20
Bob Fltzsimmons had an Informal talk
last night with Alex. Greggalns of the
San Francisco Athletic Club.
The latter renewed the club's offer of
Talks Over the Championship Battle
Informally and Agrees to Attend
a Meeting Early in the "Week.
riTzsnoroirs conpebs
;-y WITH. C£UB TVTATTAGERS
Manager Ball and Fitz walked to the
Cliff Jiouse yesterday. The boxer was in
condition for the outing, but his com
panion was not and suffered in conse
quence, owing r to the hot pace set by Fitz.
,A more formal meeting will be held
early in the week, when it is thought an
agreement will be> arrived at without
much difficulty.
70 per, cent of the gross receipts for a
championship battle to be held here in
July. '
/.Marine t hospital service— Passed Assist
ant : Surgeon . Julius O. Kobe, to be sur-'
geon. ;¦ :•.;,;..;.'¦ : . ,.-..?¦. v •¦-.. .¦ ¦-¦¦''¦ • -
P ; ostmasters-Caiif6fnia, James ' C. : ' Tyr
rell, Grass Valley. ., , ; - '
. Navy^Commanders to be captains, ¦ Ed
gar ;E.:Pendleton and James L. Miller:'
lieutenanta to be lieutenant commanders,
John' A. Dougherty; and. James M. Pick
reH;'lieutenants junior grade to be lieu
tenants; Emory > Winship - and ¦ George . F.
1j.' Stone.V v ;'. ¦-• ','.- i v ¦ ¦•'• r~ ¦¦'
Nominations by the President.
a ¦ WASHINGTON,- May lO.-f The President
to-day., sent j the following nominations to
the Senate: ' r : ¦¦'. '" :
; LOS ANGELES, May- 10,-Police detec
tives to-day arrested Frank H. Mathews.
Every officer at police headquarters was
trying, to locate Mathews, who is wanted
or. a charge. of. grand larceny.
. The v prisoner, who was . also known as
Frank: Douglas, arrived several months
ago with a large model of a patent re
frigerator and fruit I car. ', He claimed- to
own this patent and said he v was , about
to. begin, the manufacture of the car; in
local shops. "He. needed funds,' however,
to launch . his enterprise on a scale com
mensurate with his ideas, and offered
shares of ; stock in the concern. ; In this
manner, he is said, to have beguiled '¦ a
number; of people, principally i women i of
small means, and to have obtained in the'
aggregate a , large sum of money, one
woman being credited with having parted
with- $1000. ¦¦.¦: • , .-¦¦»--
Following the closing' of . the exercises
and the descent of the tt Queen : and * her
court from the throne,, a- banquet was
held in the Stock Exchange building
which was attended by the Governor and
those who have been identified '•withUhe
The Chief Executive complimented' the
people on the progress and prosperity of
the city and county and predicted that
for all : time Kern ..would : be < one of the
foremost .counties of the State. -
The executive committee having ¦- the
fair in charge, consisting of J. M. Jam
son. Fred Gunther, ;A1 Lindley, - J.' E.
.Yamcey and T.J.; Packard, was. present
ed to the audience and in behalf of ., the
committee and of ' the Order of Eagles
under whose ; auspices the ; fair : was • held
Lindley thanked the people for their gen
erous . support, moral and financial. '
BAKERSFIELD,_ May 10.— One of the
most successful fairs ever held ln ¦ the
State was closed here to-night ¦ in the
presence of- a gathering variously esti
mated at. from 6000 to 7000 persons. .Gov
ernor Gage was the guest of the evening
and in his honor the industrial parade,
which was to have been- held in the,after
noon, was postponed until evening.'- '. . .' •¦• '.'¦
Colonel Johnson of the Sixth. Regiment
acted as marshal of the parade. The fra
ternal and labor organizations and Com
pany. G' were in the procession, which
started on its journey at S" o'clock and
was reviewed by *the queen and the Gov
ernor from the. throne. District Attor
ney J. "VW Ahern was president -of the
evening, and after a congratulatory
speech on the success of the, fair intro
duced the • Governor. ' • ...
Close of : Bakersfield's
Succelsful Street
Carnival.
Los Angeles Detectives
Capture Alleged
Bunko Man.
QUEEN THERESA
RULES NO MORE
FRANK MATHEWS
IN PRISON CELL
ann!riinifiin!nifiin!fmmwwmw.wi!rwm^
| A Very Important Purchase and Sale of Tailor-Made Suits |
E 500 High-Class Tailored Surts, No Two Afike, at a Great Sacrifice.
I Suits at $14.75, $18.50, $22.50 and $27.50 Each. 3
T~~ THIS HAS BEEN THE BANNER PURCHASE of LADIES" GARMENTS ln our history,' which' will be welcome news to every, woman who wants to dress ~3
5= In the helrht of fashion at moderate cost. From the foremost New York Suit Manufacturer we secured at a REMARKABLE PRICE CONCESSION all their -^
*T" Bprlngr Season's Sample Suits, about 5D0 in all, and which we in turn offer our patrons AT ALMOST. ONE-HALF THE FORMER SELLING PRICE. Included ;."^J
•__ are this season's choicest style and fashion's most popular materials. Every one of them is made of the finest HOMESPUNS, ETAMINES. BASKET Z£
•^ WEAVES. VENETIANS, BROADCLOTHS and ALPACAS in suclj exquisite oreations as the NEW GIBSON BLOUSE. ETON, NORFOLK and REEFER SUITS ~2
1*— —some plain, others elaborately trimmed, ln a vast assortment of colors— many In Black; sizes "32 to 44. Tofully appreciate the magnitude and importance of this :
fT"" offering we advise you to personally call and see these magnificent garments; and remember, should alterations be necessary we will make them without' any ~"*»
cp_ charge whatever. . : . : ,>.-; i . . ;-.-.-. ::• •' .¦-.••-¦-.• . -.'¦¦, ¦ / ¦ • ¦, 7 ¦ -. ¦-'¦¦ -; ¦•-¦ - ¦ .-. - ¦ ¦-- ¦ ¦ ¦ ". -' rS
Zi 9 : — : ! ; . : . '• . ! y ¦'¦"' 5 ; o -g
5= I ON SALE, BEGINNING TO-MORROW, IN OUR NEW SUIT DEPARTMENT ON THE SECOND FLOOR, f
o — — . _ — : — — u .. ;;- • ,; — -— - — - — . . ., '• /¦ , •;; .'.., :; o:g
Cfnn c-^ 11 ""^? 01 101 and Venetian /^i &^ - : " PlKonn Clllfo A great variety of a handsome
CIUI OUl 0 Suits Eton and half-fitting:, double \r^~\u\ ' U DSOfl OU IS lot, no two alike, of new Gibson =2
fc _ _ breasted effect; trimmed in Moire tfS'^iggJR x »- f t^2ii^ - ; .'.;" w Blouse and Eton Suits; made of the ~2
I'M 7C > «. and fancy silk band; skirts have • ,^*%?ffik:- : ¦• ftftft Pft finest imported Venetians and
l^fin^a^^ttni^i^ W W^^K': dZZi50^h ¦' £f < gSfci. n^23. "^u^SSS: 3
ril....^. O..:»- HandKom* «n RIotikp Ftnn / 1 \\ WrbV t£FQf\ skirt trimmed with milliner's folds and silk stitching, _3J
SI BIOUSB SUIlS Gi^lS?"Sa!rofS?ne" /A \il\\ fn*m\X 8uJtB: great value at 822.50 each
wiwmww w«itw >tiaatBroajdc i ot ii and cheviot; man- / /Wi « 1\ //d^/il/V\ Uirrh HIaaa Clllto A very swell lot of sample -«
"*- OfO Cfl - . tailored throughout; Jacket Ellk- Ay \A - AA /A] ej^S-^RX II U I'll doO Oil HO suits, made of the most pop- =3
Wn nil EaCh Un6d - ver y tastefully trimmed and // J^ \Ac) (YV JTS^-^J &" ww w ular spring materials, such
»^. WlUlVw " UH stitched; skirts are cut in the latest / / >CajS^&>/ \ I /\^3>C^^"^ Ot%1 Pfi as Etamine, Granite, Broad-
»- Iteilix Tile* its 00 Btyle . to titdn flare and graduated k~f / \uf e ' ¦ \A yr^ \ \J I *lll E8C1I cloth and Venetian, in the —g
M{i»rTint ni.n flounce; come in the best spring /, V . - Wf ( \ WZ.IIUU " U " most striking effects; Blouse
eelerlng*; tfe« Mrgwst of values a.t. 818.50 each «T // ' ¦ W I - \ \ w.rtii tin tin -with Vest of White Moire, _«
vC ¦ . A // I \ ' Worth fM.OO finished in the new dip style;
C 1 1 C fIC QCDIDITC CI^IDTC MOIlniV V 11 I \ the jacket and ' skirt tucked all over; beautifully 13
fc OALC III OUlAnAIC OMn O mUnuAT Jbil I trimmed ana stitched, in exquisite shades of Tan,
j_ ..... ¦••wi.wni JK^SW I II Gray, Blue, Red, Brown and. Black; Immense value;
fc: One Larr* eectlon on onr new second rf* ** Af> w^f ZM. I I worth $40.00 each. -' . ¦ .
Coer 1« now devoted to separate skirts. fjl |> Uk •* i k£l r*i I \ r^
Jfc Tou will always find here the very 5k bfelJU NYl \ I \ MCU/ CII V CTDR! AWI1 Dl flllCC PflATQ =5!
E ig^^ss f*S a £& SfW -SS WU Each ill k jL ¦ jk\ NEW SILK bTUN ANU BLOUSE bUflfbg
g= rives the care and study ln bringing ~ tflWI // fl /^V /£& A\' SPECIALLY PRICED TO-MORROW. 3
e?lkMd'cio«. t Ski 0 rti 18 ck™«™k g ?^ VarIety to M M \^A^\K ¦£¦ \\ Nowhere else In the city will you find an assort- 35
fc . w S^«. »f e hem# ' / A*fl^-%T Aw* \ / ; i / \ X ment as thare is gathered here. They are high grade =S
3^ FDR MflNHAY § 00 Black Broadcloth Dress/// ffirv Uff ' \l i %> ln every -particular. The materials are the newest -"•
•- 111 j?l!rJ}\! Skirts; very swagger • garments; I// ||4 A ¦ J S<Li §/ I \NT and best Every detail of finishing is strictly correct.
jp: trimmed with bands of Moir© and stitching;- very // Ilia N < it mm They come in a great variety, Including the new Em- .-*•
•— fj 8 *"" 1 ln th eii" tang; Bklrts that are worth $10. \2—>' \^-«<B» : V >n g; ; ; 5* pire effects; all of them marked to create lively selling .-^SL
jj; Monday 86.05 each ¦ — f^ to-morrow. On sale at ......$&.5Q to 827.50 each -g
E EXQUISITE f ¦¦ilMMMMMMIHIIMMllllMIIMMMiMWli ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦" l "\ WASH 1
IS f THE BIGGEST FOULARD SILK SALE T0-M08R0W mfsTs. 1
b00U5. I 4000 Yards $1.50, $1,25 and $1,00 Printed Satin Foulards on Sale at a Great stock. 3
SI Th e aandsomest I, It's no exaggeration to say. that no such Foulard Sale as this has been held :^v^m m^ ' Vl,. ««t K««ti =S
White Goods Stock M this season. Even our own stirring Silk Sales in the past-and there have been £^& ¦ ffl ft L he most Deautl " —
can be found at this fe phenomenal ones — will be completely eclipsed by to-morrow's event. Fresh from fa M M3t& I ¦ 3 ful effects in White
5^ _?-,_« T>>~-<-m =r» XT«/^ H our New York buyer comes an immense shipment of over 4000 yards of Richest Eg BwA H - -r ~"°
f^- stor *- xn *f ? Mafl " g and Handsomest Foulard Silks. The F.astern manufacturers' season is closing. glfflK B M |Lawn, Chambray z£
~Z rases, Oxford Che\'- H so these silks were secured at the GREATEST REDUCTIONS ever known, and NTH B H W * n A r J « a h a m "5!
fc: lots Dimities. Lawns, U they now go to you at the same ratio. These beautiful LIBERTY SATIN FOU- 13 H Sg%t§Si a ° U R
"*"" Mull« Pioues— all mo«t H LARDS are THIS SEASON'S production-flrst quality, 24 inches wide; the as- fl Ef "" M^ m y/ nr J Waists, the latest ~*
fc f . "1", Q f H sortment consists of choicfest scroll, floral stripe and polka dot designs-tn col-- «^f 11 I aiQ 7. '
m^~ lavishly represented. h ors of Tan, Brown. Reseda, Royal, Navy, Gray, Red, Cadet. Purple and Black ™ creations, ; . -5
fc^ .i .*¦ nr nr , II and White. We believe this surpasses in value any Silk Offering ever, made— as not only do you got .. mt nn Al rn . ZZZ
~~ At OC. 25C. 35C lO P the finest $1.50 and JL'J5 and $1.00 Foulards— but the choice of the best patterns and colors. .On sale. At S .00. S ,50 10 ~^
| skoom. ft »*-». >aasw. ¦> ¦¦¦¦¦: ¦-¦ y...y. ..«4o : I ».. j.\....
i Immense Offering of Black and Navy Alpaca. Great May Sale of Laces and Tuckings, 1
fc 2500 YardS Of the Regular 60C Quality for ' In Justice to those who found it inconvenient to attend last week we shall continue ZZ,
3H "W> announce forte-morrow another one of our famous dress goods _ *h* exhibit and sale. Just as It was at the opening— same goods, but with the addition of T2i»
S*~ «aJ«6. which we know ¦will brin^ the blgpett crowd to the department, f^ ff% A m f ">L S5?™4lVi, e = T?,^!!"!' r,P lere are THOUSANDS OF YARDS of ALLOVER
2Z Though the quantity Is large you had better come early, for Alpacas are ¦ I I H B LACE TUCKINGS, ALLOVER POINT DB PARIS and ., Imitation Duchesse, also the "2
•*— in treat demand and the price is unprecedented. 2500 yarde New Blue « %JR 3 H choicest PUtt \ alenciennes and French Torchons. All of them will be sold at special =3
*" and Black IRON FRAME ALPACA. 45 Inches wide, a very bright and ¦ JTU **. prices this week. / • , • -^m
*_ lustrous quality; all the rare now for TTaiets, Skirts and Dresses; was ill II Yard AM -fiVFR PfllNT fiP PARK I APP^ PREUPU U Al CUPICUUCC I IPCC
•- Imported to sell at 60c yard. On special eaie to-morrow and while they V W TalO ALU-UTCn rUIH I UC rAnlO LAUtO, rtltNUn YALtNUItnNtS LAutSi
•- UEt at - • In White. Butte^ and Arabian, at. BOO dozen Edgings and Insertions dainty
9R flnalit* BLACK CRFPF OF PARIS M Inrhp^ Wide Mnnriav ¦• W* 30c> 5Oc and 7Se patterns - worth 35c - on sale at • 25c doz « 3
oi.^u yudiuy dlmun uncrc uc rMnio, «w- inunui iviub, monaay rmr iiAiucnn|f iun i»cp TfiniriNR eoodozen. worth 45c.on' 8a ie at-........;. .3
«fc_ HERE'S BARGAIN RARITT of a special offering for Monday only, of —. n lint MnU LHUL IUUMIIUi 35c dozen H2
fcT 300 yards all-wool Crepe de Paris, a soft and clingy material with an ele- IJVU The handsomest effects for Waists and 6OOO yards Point de Paria Ya/v. 1 t« i
TL cut rich finish, absolutely last Black dye: actual value *1.25. For Mon- \J Q "l . Yokes. A great^varlety at. Inches "fde, VErth 20c T a^d 25^ * on wll —
gp* cay at iSru oOc. '75c; 91.OO to f2.OO yard at .-.. .- l'i^c yard —^
| SALE OF $1.25 SILK GRENADINES. Specials in SPRlNGHOSOY MiHOfRWEAR 500 SILK PETTICOATS, Worth $10, for I
S^ and very lustrous Black Grenadine. 44 inches |1 I U stocking. Monday ,..iue pair that Theyy have Just arrived, are made^f Wk^ IUW =S
*- wide, in a great variety of the choicest y | y..j 1OI-. F^irh £*""" f p 5 ns Z?*? 1 Co "°!J 8Ji ex *ra heavy rustling Taffeta, with d'eep R|J fij C a ph
g" styles — stripes, checks and plain meshes: w^ " 1 01 U JJ3t t-Cll.ll Vests and Pants, high neck, long and accordion-plaited fiounce and extra silk un- LflCll -^
r- Grenadines that were Intended to be retailed short sleeve Vests, and Pants knee or derflounce In all the leading colors and - " - ' ' ' • ' '""^
•^— at $1.25 a yard. To be sold to-morrow at the season's ankle length, form fitting, perfectly finished seams; gar- Black, the biggest of values- actually worth S1O 00 rtr, -^
lowest price 87c yard ments that are worth 60c each. sale to-morrow ". .........95.05 each r "*
ETUIS SEASON'S MOST PHENOMENAL WASH GOODS SALE. 1 1
9OOO Yards High-Class Satin Striped Dimities, Worth 35c Yard, Vor I .3
Trill start a. Wash Goods sale to-morrow — a sale of gTpatest interest-^one that ought to jam trie department all day\with eagerly &L f\ "• '' B ¦' ¦— g
shoppers. It should prove the Banner Day of the year. Owing to the backwardness of the season a leading wholesale housi» ni B& a ¦ ra "^
out to us their entire stock of FINEST DIMITIES, and so cheaply did we get them that we are enabled to offer you the hie' H am a m ZZSL
a«h Goods bargains in our history. Every yard has been Imported for this spring. It's a display you will enthuse over at I mM flJ n "^
or they axe fascinatingly pretty, handsome styles in satin striped and hemstitched effects. They embrace the mo^t beautiful » H rg
Dn of scrolls, figures and polka § pot designs; in colors of Xiight Blue,. Pink, Lavender, Royal, Gray. Yellow Green and Black I ~"~ET %# j H "^
lite. The entire purchase go«s on sale to-morrow. Dimities that were sold'until now at 35c a yard at the phenomenal price of « ¦¦ Yflrfl H ZS»
I MORE HOUSE FURNISHINGS AT SPECIAL PRICES THIS WEEK. I
!£= This extra, special sale comes most opportunely to those with thoughts of Cottage or Hotel furnishings.' It means rare s'avings— it means a« w.n !i* - =2
»— !» of the dependable kind for which you wm have to pay elsewhere at least one-third more. . . . B II means « quality, for every, item ~2
CJ-, TARD— 200 pieces Roller Toweling. SQ r YARD— 30 pieces 70-inch bleached CUCCTQ A M Fl DHIHUf PACCC m IP" »-*. •-'iiTil'L.
*- OC 17 inches wid«, a good quality, very O If C Table Damask, extra heavy, in OtlLtlO AWU rlLLUW UAOLO, BED SPR^ADQ I«
absorbent; worth 8%c yard. pretty deBigns; regular value 75c yard. g^ 8he eU, 64x90. reg. val. 45c, for 3f>c ea ' At a Grant \7l]Z!r
fc OfZr EACH— 100 dozen hemsUtched fl> 1.35 DOZEN— 200 dozen Linen Nap- 500 sheets, 72x90. reg. val. 55c. for 40c ea. ALREAnv h^xtm^t^YJ" 8 ' --•
huck ToweU. all-linen, size 20x40, O» Wns, 19 inches square, a good 300 sheets, 90x90. reg. val. -65c, for 50c ea. $1 m T E nrpIrirfn RIMED READY FOR USE.
with pretty damask patterns; grand value; wearing napkin of a soft flnish; worth 300 dozen pillow cases, 45x36 for. .' Oc ea si «>5 mlin, i 'I ...75c ea. _2f
S= worth »4 dozen. .. 91 75 dozen. . 200 dozen pillow cases, 50x36, for... lie ea. ' $i 5 d spreads for ''.'.'.'. ¦.'.'"" i'fio'* 1 '^
S= — i COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION " ' ' - ; ¦*--¦' .^
g SALE OF SILK MOREEN. jf&Sffi ff Cdffo I SPECIALS IN
g 1200 Yards 50d Moreen Monday M^^J/^j^A^m JRT^k BLACK VELVET RIBBONS. 2
ZZ An unprecedented of- A^H gMiJ&ffl IWlMisBliSL M< W §£/£$/ Mi MM M/^\ We I***? the Breat saIe held ' two weeks =S
i £"^&f 29 Yard JU^[y^^V^ I
FREE ANOTHER WEEK!
f Drs. Shores, the Ga-arrh and Chronic Disease Eiperts. GItb Thalr Senrlces Free This Week
I *" IN * ORDER i/) DEMONSTRATE TO THE SICK AND AFFLICTED TWIT „!„. «,
I' £j$Bi ¦ rJl This « rrand «P«cJaI offer Roes Into effect AT ONCE and holda «ood everr dtv thi« w~.tr
\^m\\M4W' *$>L' INSTRUMENT FREE!
-.(^^ira^M^M LUTELY FREE OF CHARGE. Drs.' Shores make this offer at t"l« Um« to^tacress ul^
' catarrh victims the imporUnce of the SPRING TIME as the season of ««. «/. S^
<^^ffllV^Wi«^W CHRONIC CATARRH in all Its complicated forms yields most readiW to Dro~r tr»» h ?
't£M^WmSMS$r tffSMHK^' 0NE MONTH'S TREATMENT NOW IS EQUAL IN CURATIVE CTFECTTO^THnpS 1 '?^
Wm/Mfflk ANT OTHER SEASON OP THE YEAR. This free cata^h instrument is e 8 pSly c^ n
'M0//nM3 l^T s:= <^MW^^^k structed for administering Drs. Shores' GERMICIDAL, ANTISEPTIC WASHES and HF\l"
W ''jMffl-^L I yM&M#Sgm& ING BALMS ln chronic catarrhal conditions. It Is ABSOLUTELY FREE to all catarS f'tft'
iintiB*' U^^^>*s^ j8&%Z&§&&58R ¦ ferer " beginning 'treatment with Drs. Shores THIS WEEK. ° au catarr n ««f-
Itllir 1^&2&8&*&&8&B8P Drs- shores> vast experience ln personally treating thousands of sufferers with tht« rti<.»«— .
M M I E&g&82gMlffr . *s positive assurance that ln curable cases DRS. SHORES WILL POSITIVELY CCRr vn?
fr ' * ¦- \'-' 1779%%': '. ¦ " YOU BEGIN TREATMENT WITH URS. SHORES THIS WEEK TOU GET THW
»^ A. J. SHOW . :i .TAT1ON FREE TO ' A LL H 1NSTRUMENT ABSOLUTELY FREE OF CHARGE. CONSuS
TEST' DRS. SHORES' SKILL j£i&&^^>±_
AT DR5. SHORES' EXPENSE /^^^^%
' This free expert examination Is given by Drs. Shores for the special benefit of those who ' $m$%f&&@f' \
are in DOUBT as to what their ailment really Is. It will also allow the public to test FREE W-^^G^
Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs" Chores kcf^*^P^ j<i4fcst I^ri
court the fullest investigation. This expert examination Is absolutely free to all who ai.i ly VJ%£f&&
5Sl^ a 6i 7 %A? < &2T3ibfi8i'SBBSlSif BED TO TAKE ¦**£&- ®rW\
Drs. Shores know there are thousands of «ick people with, catarrh or some OB^<Mir>^ TRfSi'^'^ *~ \ I
NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC OR PRIVATE DISEASE who blindly doctor w«r l\ft- . ,^J
after year with this doctor or that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATEN'T mkdi JSkSS* K
CINES" who have no correct or definite idea of WHAT THEIR AILMENT REALLY IS or tSttSSS*** U
the CAUSE of their sickness. It is to this class of sufferers that Drs. Shores' free extiert m *. : -J<&?T££Lm* i^.
animation will prove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT. snores iree expert ex- d&zSS^^vt&SteJiSr*'
If you are a "Doubting Thomas" as to Drs. Shores* skill; if you are deaf- If you hav* VS^&J^^SSSSS^ Y^5§51
Catarrh; if you suffer from any chronic Disease and are ln DOUBT as to the C\USE of ySur TV^^
ailment.- Drs. Shores especially invite you to come. This free expert examination U Tmid^ to -
DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS. SHORES ARE ; "IN " MT' ThatthVy S^^B^r^^^^^^/lT^^^k
ARE INNAME-San Francisco's LEADING SPECIALISTS IN T THE I TREATMENT^O? 2^53WgMm. 1
DEAFNESS. CATARRH AND ALL FORMS OF NERVOUS AND COMPLICATED CHROW ' j8BH^gBgF^ "^m&C IL
DISEASES. DRS. SHORES' VOLUNTARY TESTIMONLVM raOM E^B MOPLK^?Sw tM^ _ V
WEEK. POINT THE WAY. If you apply this week I^Shor^wm tell ftSf whaftoS
ailment Is and If you can be cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME ANT DAT THIS WTFJ? ! WfisL^S« N
.- After you have had your case diagnosed FREE, if you want to bVOTREDDr? Shore*' l§i8Bw«kX**V^
?S,m^d& 8 ?r;\ Wlthfntheea8yreaChOfa "- 15 & m ° nth to^lVcSSSSSS&a!? 0^ \S|^^\^1
DRS.^SHQRES & SHORES,; Specialists *i>^^^oLr - r
I Sffi Wiley B. AUen Bldg., 933 Market St. If Yo " L £ VQ ®ut of Town
-'•.:•-;.' I. ¦•¦¦-¦ r : :-¦: .:- 6aa Francisco. C41 . nrnf i^Drs. Shores & Shore« for their new
Office Hours— Week Days,. 8 «. m.to 4 p., in. •Evtnlagt. 6 to 8. SundaTs, 10 a. m. to 13 in.. "«llJCg e^ ptom Ust «nd set their . advlc«
?rrv.- ¦;¦¦-•¦¦;¦ -\ ¦-¦ A-nVEBTISEMENTS. "}] : '¦;
• , - San Francisco, Sunday. 11 May. 1902.
Dining Table, $34.00.
Pretty near dining table perfection here. Built of
' sturdy quartered oak, superior strength apparent in every
detail of the construction. Pieces for the top of each table
were selected with great care and show a beautiful grain.
Opens and shuts easily and is equipped with the: best
fastening device ever invented. ¦ In golden brown or
: "weathered" oak finish, 48-inch top and eight-foot ex-
tension, $34.00. Same size top, ten-foot extension, $37.00.
We also have this table with 54-inch top, eight and ten
foot extensions, in golden oak, at $42.00 and $48.00.
If you're going camping this summer youll need a
canvas or wire cot, some camp stools, cheap mattresses,
etc. We have them. Folding canvas cots, $1.50 and
$3.00. Hard wood, < folding canvas stools, 50 cents. Re-
(Successors to California Funiitttre Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
j PACKED TO PLEASE PARTICULAR PEOPLE.
Get a jar from your grpcer, notice the rich, natural i
color of the fruit and the pleasing flavor most
delightful to the taste. • 0;,
Long's Preserves have no equal.
LONG SYRUP REFINING CO.,
8th and Brannan Streets, -
Phone South 486. San Francisco
' " " - ¦¦'•-• ¦-¦¦-'¦ _ ¦':'.. . v •' ... j
MM '"^rffnrnfTf*" MM ffliii;ii mffTTT"Tnr3Ep)o*TuujmfljimigfrMOUNTAINS WHOSE CRATERS ARE A CONSTANT SOURCE OF DANGER. THE CRUISER THAT DID SUCH
CONSPICUOUS WORK IN RESCUING REFUGEES AND IN CARRYING SUPPLIES TO THE DESTITUTE IN
HABITANTS OF ISLANDS WHOSE SOURCE OF SUBSISTENCE HAS BEEN DESTROYED. ..
THE " sudden, awful outburst
from Mont Pelee, which in' so
limited a time accomplished
such vast destruction, will oc
cupy a first and unique place
among the great catastrophes
of nature known to history.
In character and action it finds nearest
precedents In the Volcanic and seismic
"Thsomesia" that overwhelmed "the
cities of the plain" In the time of Abra
ham; in the destruction of the Roman
cities of Herculaneum and Pompeii In the
year 79 of our own era, and In the more
recent and most disastrous earth-rending
Other and greater disasters have oc
curred due to earthquakes alone and
earthquakes with tidal waves, as in Cal
abria in 526 A. D., when- 200,000 lives were
lost, and again in 1797, when 120,000 per
ished by earthquakes, or at Lisbon, AH
Saints' day, 1755; when 60,000 persons died
under falling walls or were . drowned by
the lnrushing sea. or at Rlobamba', Ecua
dor, In the same year, when the great
"teramoto" rent the earth asunder, threw
mountains into valleys, covered vast
areas with viseous mud and left the whole
region upturned as with a Titanic plow,
occurrence at Krakatoa, 'off the coast of
Java, August 27, 1883.
; The play" of lightning about a whirling
column of ; ascending, dust and ashes was
seen In Batavia;, ninety, miles away. ; Sun
light ': fled from ; an ; area 400 miles ; across,
and gloom pervaded the air, for; 1000* miles
around. ¦ > Trees seventy mllea faway : were
jjor eight mohthsr after a long~repose,
it had been In a, state' of varied activity,
when in the afternoon of August 26 there
began a series' of violent ' detonations,
which continued through the night' and
culminated on the morning of .'the 27th in
the" most 'stupendous earth heaving and
moving of geological times! i v. ' : ' :
. , BATAVIA'S EXPERIENCE.
The gigantic eruption of ' Krakatoa,. In
the | straits of Sunda, between Java and
Sumatra, August 27, 1883, however, trans
cends in dynamic energy and fax-reaching
action anything ever • recorded. " Situated
as It swas in the middle of theVgreatest
volcanic chain on the globe (ninety active
ones on Java and nearly as many on'Su
matra, with others. near), it seemed, as It
were, to ' vie with all predecessors In ter
riflc effort and results. ¦ ¦ ' . -
jjj The , outthrow of glowing rock, earth
and lava ' and - the rain of . fire and hot
ashes around ¦ the sides of Vesuvius In
April, 1872, as drawn by artists and de
scribed by- writers' there present. for that
purpose fits well the 'stories told, by the
refugees from St. Pierre of the igno
dynamical phenomena exhibited by wicked
Pelee. .
As Vesuvius, after a repose* of untold
ages, broke forth and with tragical energy
resumed his reign of fire and awakened
the slumbering' echoes of his-power j with
terrible detonations and fearful quaklngs,
so ; Mont Pelee, after .a sleep of half a
century had blotted from, the minds of
the islanders all fear of evil,- with
like sudden and awful energy rose in his
strength and threw In mass and might
fire . and destruction on the doomed St.
Pierre and all the hamlets and plantations
for. far around.
The story of the ; overwhelming of Her
culaneum,. Pompeii and the whole Naples
and BeJae coasts has been too often and
too well told to need repetition here. One
is struck, however, by the close similarity
of the phenomena and action observed on
that momentous occasion,' as well as of
the outbreak of April 28, 1872, to the one
of Martinique.
PASSING OF POMPEII.
Not unlike the sight that the Suchet
left behind as she escaped from St. Pierre.
According to the account given in
Genesis flre and brimstone rained -down
and overthrew the cities and their In
habitants and all that grew upon tho
plain, and when Abraham "looked toward
Sodom and Gomorrah and toward all the
land of the plain and behold, and. lo, the.
smoke' of the country went up as the
smoke of a furnace." • . ,
The destruction of Sodom and Gomor
rah and the other "cities of the plain"
was accomplished by . volcanic eruption
and earthquake combined. A district- of
several hundred square leagues in extent
was upheaved and a tract of like area
subsided, giving the river Jordan the
Dead Sea for its waters instead of tho
Red, to which It had before flowed.
killing 120,000 people in a few seconds
time.. .
The business men's excursion train from
Bakersfleld returned at 12:15 o'clock this
morning. Every one aboard was ' in the
best of spirits. On the run up from the
San | Joaquin Valley resolutions were
adopted thanking r the various boards and
committees for the good time they had
given the San Franciscans. Eighteen of
the tourists stopped off at Fresno and will
arrive home this morning on the Owl.'
Return of the Excursionists.
"Arrived at ; Fort de France with pro
visions, passing close to St. Pierre.' Fire
continues, volcano still emitting^ asheB,
with less density. SUCHET.'-'
PARIS, May 10.— The Minister of Marine,
M. de Lassen, has received the following
from ! Fort de France, Martinique, under
date of May 10. 4 p. m.:
Fire Still Continues.
V COLONEL; BARRY TESTIFIES.
' Mrs." .William ; Patterson . was sworn and
testified that she was a sister of deceased;,
that^ their mother and * father were both
dead -and that he left no wife.: " . ". >
¦¦¦ l ."My brother's . birthplace," said "- Mrs.
Patterson, '."was • one -'.mile, from Aliens
Corners.' Canada West. ;He would be 63
years >. old *¦ in : August. > He came to > Cali
fornia" from Montreal in 1859, and 1 1 think
located in Placerville. * ' .'¦ .. • ;
-> VIThave « one "• sister, ', Mrs. Alex .McKin
non , of (i St. ' Louisa Mo., and one brother,
Angus i Findlayson,: .but * I • have not '; seen
him? for forty years;;.- 1 have been In Cali
fornia, eight years and/ 1 saw . xny,< brother
The matter. was called up at 10:30 a, m.
before ( Judge Angellotti. Attorney E, B.
Martinelli, appearing for the Public Ad
ministrator, asked for special letters. No
sooner had. this attorney finished than At
torney Booth arose, stating hejepresented
the California - Safe . Deposit -and Trust
Company and that he could present facts
to show. 'that,': according*. to the . iast -will
of the. late Findlayson his institution was
named as administrator.. Attorney Harris
of San: Francisco stated to the court that
he' represented Mrs. William Patterson of
San ¦ Francisco and : that if the trust, com
pany '¦¦ was not appointed- Mrs. Patterson
desired .to be chosen. Attorney Sweeney
of San Francisco asserted he represented
another sister. Mrs. Alexander McKinnon,
of St. Louis, Mo., and that she, too; would
ask: for: special letters of administration..
Judge .Angellotti j said . he would desire ,to
have more facts; about: the. case. \ .
SAN RAFAEL PROCEEDINGS.
At all events the legal squabble which
has thus commenced over, the dead man's
money before his remains are laid away,
in the grave gives promise of furnishing
much work for the courts, more for the
lawyers and | a world of trouble for the
aspiring litigants. -, • . '- j • J .
After considerable argument, which>was
indulged in by the attorneys on all sides
of ' the case. Judge Angellotti decided to
grant the Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany special letters of administration over
the estate. This decision naturally enough
raises a question' as to which court has
the authority to direct the future uisposi
tiun of the case— the Supcriur, Court vt
San- Francisco or the Superior Court of
San Raiael. In the meantime the will of
the deceased is In .the' hands of the Title
and Trust Company, and as it can be stat
ed upon authority that Findlaysson did not
sign any documents . whatever , while he
was confined to his deathbed at the Hotel
Rafael it is quite probable that this testa
ment is the only one in existence. He was
never rational after he took to his bed at
the Hotel Rafael. Nobody who is inter
ested in the case seems to know what dis
position Findlayson made of his property.,
¦ Attorney A. . C. Barry and Countess In
gargolia were present at the hearing be
fore Judge Angellotti, but : neither Mr.
Barry nor the Countess took any part in
the proceedings. ' . ' • x
• The case, as it stands now, presents a
pretty tangle, and before It proceeds much
further the question : as to which court
has the authority to grant valid letters ot
administration must be settled.." *
Public Administrator John Farnum of
this city appeared before Superior Judge
Cook yesterday afternoon and applied for
special letters, of administration over
Findlayson's estate, which he estimated
at $250,WX), claiming that persons who were,
not entitled to a penny of the dead man's
wealth were seeking to get control of the
estate J,udge Cook granted Public Ad
ministrator Farnum the played for let
ters and assigning the case to his own de
partment, he fixed the hearing for May 20.
While Public Administrator B'arnum
was pleading his case in .this city, the
Public Administrator of Marin .County,
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, . Mrs. - William r Patterson,
who is a sister of the deceased, and Mrs.
Alex Mckinnon, another sister, through
their attorneys, were engaged in a four
cornered battle before Judge Angellotti in
a similar effort to be victorious in the
first move of what promises to develup
Into a sensational will contest..' -
ANGELLOTTI GIVES LETTE.R3.
; ' ¦', of James Findlayson, the wealthy
capitalist who died Friday afternoon at
the Hotel Rafael at San Rafael, have al
ready locked horns in. a legal squabble
over the letters of administration on the
estate left by the >deceastd. ' -
THE courts and Public Admlnistra
' tors of two counties, the Callfor
• nia Safe "Deposit and Trust Com
¦ jiany of this city and the relatives
Trailing- Escaped Convict.
SACRAMENTO. May 10.— Deputy Sher
iffs Houx.. Miller and Mutson arrived In
the city late to-night from Placerville,
having traced Lacham Horvitz. an es
caped prisoner, to -this city. Last Mon-
and Marin County
Take a Hand.
Legal Tribunals "of This City
VIENNA, May 10.— The Archduchess
Maria Christiana, daughter of the Arch
duke Frederick, and Prince Emmanuel
Salm-Salm, nephew of the head of that
house, were married in the chapel of the
Hofburg to-day lri the presence of Em
peror Francis Joseph, the Archdukes and
the Archduchesses. The bride yesterday
formally renounced all claims to the suc
cession. The bridegroom is a lieutenant
of Prussian Uhlans. .
Archduchess Weds a Prince.
Question of Jurisdiction
Arises at Outset
of Contest.
It has developed that the catastrophe in
Martinique occurred on the worst possi
ble day, namely, the day of the arrival
of : the 1 French and the departure of tho
English mails there. In consequence of
this fact many business men were in the
city of St. Pierre, instead of , at . their
country places. . I .
BORDEAUX, France, May 10.— Only a
few replies have been received to mes
sages of Inquiry from a host of Bordeaux
merchants having business connections in
St. Pierre. A "small number' of messages
chronicle the saving of private families
and individuals, but most of the dis
patches are merely announcements that
big business establishments have been
wiped out. ' - •
Happened on Worst Day.
Cable communication between the is
lands south of St. Lucia is interrupted,
but the fire" from the crater of La Souf
friere, island of St. Vincent, can be seen
from here, twenty-one miles away. In'
fact, the flame's, are visible, for forty
miles. ' i
It Is estimated now that fully 200 lives
have been lost on the island of ( St. Vin
cent. It is thought that when details are
received the loss of life will prove to be
much heavier. Kingstown, the- capital of
the island, is covered with ashes arid is
being bombarded- with stones from the
volcanic craters.' The terrific force of the
eruption at- St. Vincent may be Illustrated
by one incident. Ashes in great quantity
fell on the deck of the British steamship
Coya, Captain Eton, when she . was 250
miles away from the island..
No vessel can approach the northern
shore of the island on account of the In
tense heat and the steam which is coming
from all sides. ,'.
The British lieutenant in charge of the
garrison here reports that both large cra
ters on St. Vincent are emitting enormous
volumes of smoke, lava and hot ashes.
The] northern . J end of the island Is cut off
fromHhe southern end by an^enormoUB
stream of lava,* which is destroying every
thing in its path. . Small craters are
bursting everywhere.
the . British Island of St. Vincent
has been. laid waste by volcanic eruption.
m EW YORK, May 10.— A special to
l\f the Sun from St. Lucia, B. W. I..
¦* * says: The entire northern end of
NORT HERN END
OF ST VINCENT
IS LAID WASTE
BERLIN, May 10.— Lieutenant Com
mander Templln Potts, recently appoint
ed United States Naval Attache, and
Mrs. Aldren Brown (nee Chartler) of New
York were married to-day at the resi
dence of John B. Jackson, secretary of
the United States embassy. Andrew D.
White, the United States Embassador,
and other United States diplomatic and
consular officials were among those pres
ent. -- ;-
Naval Attache Is Married.
FINDLAYSON
ESTATE IS IN
TWO COURTS
Coroner Eden held an autopsy on Find
layson's remains this morning. The cause
of death was attributed to be cerebral
hemorrhage and the doctors who refused
to sign a death certificate yesterday ap
pended their signatures to-day.
Manager James Brown of this Institu
tion testified to having received the let
ter and of knowing deceased intimately.
. After considerable discussion on the
part of counsel Judge Angellotti rendered
the decision that the trust company
should receive the special letters of ad
ministration.
A letter dated June 18, 1897, and signed
by James Findlayson was introduced in
evidence. In it he . stated that his last
will, made in March. 1897, was In box 1710
of the First Natiqnal Bank of San Fran
cisco. This letter was. addressed to the
California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany.
James less than one year ago at the Cliff
House in San Francisco." • •
Colonel A. C. Barry testified that he
had been Intimately- acquainted with
Kindlayson for the last fourteen years,
that Findlayson died Friday at 1:25 p. m.
and that he was present at his demise.
He gave Findlayson's residence as San
Rafael. When asked how much the
estate amounted to, Barry said it would
approximate $200,000.
day Horvitz was sentenced at Placerville
to seven years' imprisonment for bur
glary. The next night he was allowed to
go into the Jail yard to fetch some wood
and Improved the opportunity by escaping
over the prison wall. He ran out of tha
town barefooted, and by the barley sacks
wrapped about his feet he has been traced
to Diamond Springs, Latrobe. Michigan
Bar, Slough House and thence to Sacra
mento, where he Is now in hidings Hor
vitz was formerly a Junk dealer In this
city. -fry
Historic among volcanic eruptions of
the Caribbee Islands wa3 that of Souf
frlere (sulphur pit) of St. Vincent in 1812.
Earthquakes had for two years i terrified
dwellers on the South American Coast
and West Indian Islands. In March of
that year an earthquake burled 10,000
souls at Caracas, spread ruin along the
line of the Andes and ended in the out
burst of Souffriere, which altered the ap
pearance of the island and destroyed its
estern end. Souffriere is situated at
the northern extremity of the Island and
Is 4048 feet high.. It is the last of a
mountain chain which was called Morne
Garou by the natives. Baron Humboldt
states that It had thrown out flames In
1718. • . .
Among all the islands of the Caribbees,
St. Vincent is unique in natural wonders
and beauties. It is composed largely of
a single peak, rising from the \ ocean's
bed with no outlying Islets. It is about
ninety-flve miles west o'f Barbadoes.
Volcanic hills cross the island from north
to south. Intersected by beautiful and
fertile valleys. St. Vincent is eighteen
miles long and eleven miles wide and it
has a population of nearly 50,000 persons.
It was discovered by Columbus in 1498.
The island is more thoroughly English
than the two others of the group. Great
Britain obtained sovereignty in' 1873.
Then came two final explosions at
Krakatoa. The islands were lifted from
its foundation and hurled into the air.
Two new islands- seven miles apart rose
in its stead, and where Krakatoa had > be
fore stood 1000 feet in height the waters
of the sea measured over 1000 feet • in
depth. Over the shores of Java and
Sumatra a huge tidal wave 100 feet high
rushed, sweeping far Inland and destroy
ing ninety towns and villages with over
30.000 people. . \/
These explosions seemed a signal, as it
were, and the other volcanoes In Java and
Sumatra, and a large- number of them
also began their terrifying and destruc
tive work. . \ ' •
shattered by the falling mud, and Batavia
in a few hours was covered with it to the
depth of three inches. To accomplish this
volcanic dust must have been projected to
a height of ten or fifteen miles. Air
waves/ as shown by the barometer, sped
around the earth seven tlrnes at the rate
ot 700 miles an hour. The explosions were
heard over a circle 1SO0 miles in radius,
with Krakatoa as a center. The fall of
dust was noted at points 915 miles to the
northwest, 1200 miles to the southwest
and 1050 miles to the southeast. The ex
plosions were heard at a distance of 1193
miles, and were felt in Perth, Southwest
Australia, nearly 2000 miles away.
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CAXp SIJNDiY; MAY 11, 1902.
RECORD OF RUIN AND DEATH
LIVES IN TERRIBLE
OF THE WORLD'S VOLCANOES
21
A 1 *
Qe ara nee Sale.
EM Best Tapestry Brussels Made.
¦¦¦..'. . Reduced to 75c per yard.
Mm . .-;¦ Regular price, $ i. co per yard.
H Reduced to $1.12^ and $1.25 per
WM High Pile Axmlnstcrs-
.... . mjjM Latest Styles and Colorings,
'Wm Reduced to $1.00 per yard.
H Oriental Rugs...
p?3 * We offer a large selection of
t*$q rare pi-ces at reductions varying
h^m ' frcm 25 to 40 per ceni -^
i LaceCwtains..
¦*~~- Exceptional Values.
lg$m A } 1ew exampes — Grenadine Cross
e|S Stripe; regular |2.oo per pair;
now $1.50 per pair.
Regular $7.75 per pair; now S6.CO
' To close during the safe wo
W$ji offer Parlor, Dlning-Room, library,
c°ooooooQco©eaooo«©ooo©o©o©oeooe©0eooe©e«o©oo
O D C ft n n n O ? £ P** <1 — l ailt J »*«*• * «eeadi. 0
O II I* I I • Fl 8 I C *" k * Teit-St«pp«d within 8 feet goiny fall ipeed. O
• llfiacW'L»IiyvJ!)Hin Cliabitg-Fillicere itreet. whir* can »re fulled op with e&Ue. O
O ' ¦ *-**.'-*'. ©)
q Tour choice in eighteen different styles. Ladles can operate them. Sold Q
o in guaranteed condition at reasonable prices. Illustrated catalogues and A
J Information will be sent on application. #
| &he JjJCOIItGMh ( Company \
\ Of thePaoifio. |
o 1622-28 MARKET STREET, Francisco, ®
5 103 S. BROAD WAY, Los Angeles. v J
® ; WE ARE PACIFIC COAST AGENTS ',.;•; . J
5 UNITED STATES LONG-DISTANCE GASOLINE AUTOMOBILES and-. 2
j!L represent Smith & Mabley, American agrents for PANHARD and. other X
!* French machines. • -- . * x
• Also agrents for IMPORTED FRENCH HORNS, DEMMERLE LEATH- •
• ER CLOTHING and CAPS. I-atest style AUTOMOBILE LAMPS, OVER- •
• MAN PUMPS and GRADEMETERS and full line of automobile accessories. ©
' E9 ** ¦¦¦''¦ BW ' k9| * "- ' " -' ' fc ' ' "" Mw ' ' Hn ¦ ,^m E \ mBF ' ¦ M win s^L. rSA c s I
Mr. and Mrs. Adam Livingfood of Elvcrson, Pa , who havs becn^married 65 years, say Duffy's Fore Malt
Whiskey has prolonged their happy union many years beyond the three scare and tsn*
.HiW^wwi. perfect health.' ADAM f^i v I^JGOOD. . *j£ 4^* JJ^gcJi** *—''—— #i
MR. ADAM L.IVINGOOD, 91 years old. verson, es er oun y, a. MKS> LJVINGOOD, M years old.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
IS THE TRUE ELIXIR OF LIFE.
i It has prolonged many thousand lives as . of millions of people the past fifty years
it has Mr. and Mrs. Livingood, and there ?.> .^^5\JRE& who have "used it as their only medicine,
is no other medicine in the world which . J0&\^^ ¦ " "*icvd^^. Beware 'of Imitations and so-called malt
will keep the system in normal condition, Jj/C'vbz^ whiskeys. These imitations and substi-
' prevent the decay of the tissues, ' JkS^QlS >JS3\v tutes are cheap- preparations which are
strengthen the heart action and enrich f/^)/ £&4 rf^^Sv xV'^ gotten up for' the dealer's profit and may
the blood like Duffy's Pure Malt "Whiskey. >/O/ B§3 y^Hffltk \^»VV contain dangerous Ingredients which will
It cures grip, consumption, bronchitis, /f*O/ • H$|k /MnPS^- \^\\ ruin the system. Buy Duffy's Malt Whis-
catarrh, asthma, malaria, dyspepsia, and //CO/ \^\ key and you can de P end on lt3 P urltv and
invigorates the brain. It makes the old jj^Jj X^^lv^^' J^V IBI health-giving quality,
young; keeps the young strong. Do not II \ - Yd 1\ \f|v#Ki W<Vm I"/ >A11 dru 58T lsts **& grocers, or direct,
fill your body full of drugs and medicines U \ Afg JKSP«S%^«^W / G?// J1 -°° a bottle. See that the trade-mark,
which poison the system. . U \f C\ jS^p»l»M^;%/ II " Tn e Chemist's Head," is on the label.
Duffy r s Pure Malt Whiskey is the only >\ \I_JSI II Send for free medical booklet containing
whiskey recognized by' the Government >\ XKc5 S^MX^CXS^S-^ /{ symptoms and treatment of diseases aul
as a medicine. This is a guarantee. It is A many convincing testimonials,
absolutely pure and contains no fusel oil. J7 FREE— Two game counters suitable for
It is prescribed by over 7000 doctors and nShL/) t!^%j[Z&£&^ euchre, whist, etc., which are a novelty,
used exclusively in over 2000 hospitals. Pflf^j^ sent free to any one on receipt of four
It is the only reliable and absolutely pure •¦"..". — "^ ' \ cents to cover postage. DUFFY MALT
stimulant and tonic. It has saved the Hve3 NO FUS EL OIL- - . "WHISKEY CO.. Rochester. N. Y.
ADVEBTISTJTHTINTaw
I DYSPEPSIA
To -.suffer from D/spep.-ia
means lhat your stomach is too
weak to proper! v digest ihe v f6od
taken into it. -What you need ;
is Hostette'r's itomach Bitters,
ihe.bcsi '.mrJicine in ihe worjti
to cure Dyspepsia, Indigestion,
Insomnia, Nervousn ss and Ma-
laria. Be sure to try it.
Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters.dition precedent to such a result. Gov
ernor Taft's errand is not in any sense a
diplomatic mission; it is simply a business
transaction with the owners of property.
The whole matter is In Governor Taft's
hands, subject to such action as may be
taken on his report pursuant to any law
Congress may pass."
Cardinal \ Martinelli Departs.
NEWTORK. May lO.-Cardinal Martln
elll, a papal; : delegate^ to •- the - United
States, who was recalled recently,' sailed
to-day on • th© . Lahn, ; for Genoa. He said
ne expected to reside -in Rome <" in the
future, .
FRIEND OF - MURDERERS
IS SENT TO A PRISON
Mrs. Catherine Soffel, Who Released
the Biddies, Must Serve
Two Tears.
PITTSBURG. May. 10.— Mrs. Catherine
Soffel, the wife of Warden Peter Soffel
of the Allegheny County jail, who en
tered a plea of guilty to the charge of
releasing Edward ; and John Biddle, the
burglars and murderers of Grocer Kahney
and Detective Fitzgerald, was sentenced
to-day by Judge Frasler to two years in
the Western penitentiary. Mrs. Soffel re
ceived the sentence calmly. She was
taken to the penitentiary this afternoon.
Walter Forman, the member of the Btd
dle gang who turned State's evidence and
entered a plea of guilty to the murder of
Kahney, was sentenced to death. It is
understood that for the assistance ren
dered'the State he will never be executed
and that the Pardon Board: wiir commute
his sentence to life imprisonment.
OF INTEREST TO ' PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in. the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
. Granted.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The Postof
flce Department to-day announced: Post
offlcte established: • California— Cherry
Hill, Slskiyou County, Ezra Baker, Post
master. Postmasters appointed: Califor
nia—Alexander Baumhoff, Fyfe, El Do
rado County, vice J. W. Knapp, resigned;
L. L. Hunsaker, Woodville, Tulare Coun
ty, vice H. R. Dickey, resigned. Oregon—
E. G. Jones, Graem, Clackamas County,
vice E. Xi. Baker, resigned. \
The gross receipts of the San' Francisco
Postoffice for April, 1902,- were $103,922, an
increase of $12,950 over the receipts In
April, 1901. . i
These pensions were granted; Califor
nia:. Original— Charles F. Weisman, Sac-"
ramento, $8; -Byron D. Kennedy, « Santa
Rosa, $6. . Increase— George Brower, San
Francisco, $17; John Q. Ashton, San Diego,
$12; Franklin Hart, Templeton, $12; Albert
W.,Hardin, Soldiers' Home, Angeles,
$10; Arthur T. Duncan, Los Angeles, $10;
Brainard T. Chandler, San Diego, $8;
James L. Woodard; Los Gatos, $10; Theo
dore/Eisfeldt, Alameda, $8. _ War with
Spain— Robert E. Wade,. Benicia, $12 60.
Widow— Mary A. Henry, Fresno. $8.
: i Increase— Josiah S. Copeland,
Toledo, $8; Joseph Howitt," Ashland, $8.
Widow— Elizabeth L. Baker, Cove, $12. . •
Washington : Original— Erwin : B. Car
ter, -i ; Seattle, $6. Widow— Rebecca Park
hurst, Tacoma, $8.
The leave of absence' granted' First Lieu
tenant Cromwell: Stacey. Nineteenth In
fantry, Department ¦ of California, . is ex
tended one month. Second Lieutenant
Frank T. McNarney, Ninth Cavalry,: Is
ordered before an examining board at San
Francisco for. promotion. . . -
CAMPBELL ON THE BACK.
Is Being Investigated by Agents
West and Cnanning.
Sterling A. Campbell, Collector of the
Fort at Eureka, , will be Investigated , by
order of the Treasury .Department on
charges of boodling, offensive partisan
ship and other politcal crimes. Special
Treasury Agents West >and Channing
have been instructed to begin the investi
gation immediately and forward their re
port to Washington.
Customs Collector Stratton has notified
Agents "West and Channing that. In his
opinion there is no necessity for a cus
toms collector at Eureka any more than
there is for one at Oakland. All the
work at Eureka, he says, can be done
Just as well and much more economically
by a deputy. The agents will therefore
recommend the abolition of the office.
WASHINGTON. May 10.— Governor
Taft to-day closed up his business here
in connection with affairs In the Philip
pines and left for Cincinnati, where he
will attend to some private business prior
to his departure from New York on the
17th . inst.. on his return to his post at
Manila. : He will stop at Rome In order
to discuss -the question of the friars in
the Philippines with the authorities at
the Vatican. He will be accompanied in
his mission to Rome 'by Judge James F.
Smith of the. Supreme .Court of the Phil
ippines and Major John B. Porter of the
Judge Advocate's\. ofHce. These _ gentle
men were selected because of their famil
iarity with the question at issue.
Secretary Root. this, afternoon made the
following official statement /in regard to
the mission at Rome: /
"It ha,s been decided that Governor
General Taft shall stop at Rome, in the'
course of his journey to Manila, for the
purpose of reaching, if possible, a friend
ly understanding with the authorities
having control of the disposition of the
property of the religious orders and other
church property in the Philippines, and
laying the basis for a settlement of th©
many property questions which have ' re
sulted from the separation of church and
state in the islands. ¦ ¦ - .
"Of'course, nothing can actually be
done until Congress has acted, but as
the committees of both houses have act
ed favorably on the committee's recom
mendation for the purchase of the friar
lands, it is . thought best not to lose the
opportunity afforded by Governor. Taft's
presence in Europe to begin the negotia
tions and make as much progress as pos
sible, so that they may be readily closed
up after Congress has acted. If it does act
favorably. This is particularly desirable
because the mature of the questions is
such that it is impossible to settle them
by negotiation with the friars themselves
in the Philippines. The purchase of the
friar lands is the principal thing, and the
Government desires to accomplish this, if
Congress authorizes It, 'amicably,
y "There ar& many: other questions, how
ever, to be settled, \auch as the rights to
property held for purposes of Instruction
for charitable purposes, and ; the right of
the : church - to land, the title to which Is
now in the Government, but on which are
buildings for religious purposes. Some
of these : matters could be settled by
courts, but ! it ¦; would < require' many years,
and It is very desirable to settle them in
a . speedy ; and friendly way.. . Prior to
American occupation the church and state
were so closely united and their Interests
so interwoven that now, when they are
separated; it is very difficult . to tell to
whom the property which was devoted to
their joint .uses under, tha former system
belongs. • ' -, ¦
"It is hoped that •. when a. full under
standing of the claims and views of each
side has - been ¦ reached ', and the tacts are
fully understood all the Questions existing
can be settled in such a way as to benefit
both parties.' 1 '. The object of , this confer
ence Is to aectttft tb* saparatiott of church
and. state, and. it would aeem to bo a con-
Governor Taft to \ Seek
a Friar Lands
Settlement.
VATICAN WILL
BE CONSULTED
Stockton company was allowed to com
pete. A summary of the tabulation is* as
follows: - ¦ ,
Bids on the Eureka sewer pipe con
tract—Clarke & Son, $32,778 32; Stelger
Company, $31,419; Gladding & McBean,
$31,475.
Cost of the same pipe figured on prices
and discounts bid on the Stockton and
Chlco ' contracts by the same parties
where the Stockton company was a com
petitor—Would cost at Stockton prices,
$18,611 88; would cost at Chico prices, $19,
085 60. '
Average of three Eureka bids, $21,890 74.
Average of Chlco and Stockton prices,
$18,848 74. Overcharge, $13,042.
The whole affair is in the hands of the
committee of | ten appointed yesterday,
which -will report on Monday evening.
EUREKA OFFICIAL
SUES FOR LIBEL
Litigation to° Result
Prom Municipal
Scandal.
EUREKA, May 10.— Another sensation
lin the municipal wrangle was sprung to
day., Councilman A. C. Dauphlny com
menced an action for libel in' the Superior
Court against Councilman A. H. Buhne,
asking $25,000 damages for the injury
which he claims has been done to his
good name, fame and credit, by the af
fidavit made by Senator Thomas Selvage.
Buhne obtained " this affidavit for use in
the Council chambers while the sewer
pipe controversy was In progress, and,
not being allowed to read it there, it Is
claimed he had it published.
Dauphiny alleges in his complaint that
Buhne, "contriving and wickedly and ma
liciously intending to injure plaintiff In
his good name, fame and credit, and to
bring him into public infamy, scandal
and disgrace, and to cause it to be believ
ed by his acquaintances, neighbors and
the public generally that the plaintiff had
been and was guilty of corruption, and of
soliciting and accepting promised benefits
for the purpose of influencing his official
course as a member of the City Council
of the city of Eureka, did willfully and
maliciously compose, publish and cause
to be published a . false, malicious and
defamatory libel; and that by reason of
said false, maacious and aef amatory li
bel the plaintiff has oeen brought into
great public scandal, infamy and dis
grace, and greatly injured in his good
name, fame and credit, to his great dam
age and loss In the sum of $25,000."
The publication- referred to is the Selv
age affidavit relating to the alleged at
tempted bribery In the telephone fran
chise matter. :
A persistent fight is still being waged
by Councilman Buhne /to have the bids
for the supplying of sewer pipe to the
city rejected and a'readvertisement made,
omitting -from the ' specifications the
clause making It Imperative to have all
pipe in Eureka within forty-five days. To
day a tabulated : statement *was . Intro
duced by Councilman Buhne, showing the
difference in the bids In towns where the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
tlonlsts within a week, seriously wound-
SAN JOSE. Costa Rica. May 10.— The
ne-w Costa Rican Cabinet, formed after
the Inauguration of President Ascunaion
Bsqulvel. Is composed as follow*: Minis
ter of Finance, Cleto Gonzales Vlsauez-
Minister of "War. Tobias Zunls^t; Minister
of Interior. Manuel de Jesus Jlminez-
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Leonldas
Pacheso.
Costa Bica's New Cabinet.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. May 10. — <3e«rs« Mitchell,
general manager of tha La Canasea twIt**, wao
was here to-day, says tb« strtk* Is o£L
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. May 10.— Attorney
Adolph Silva, ex-Mayor of Sausalito. tes
tified on the witness stand to-day in the
Superior Court of Marln County that he
was to have' received from the Fair estate
$40,000 for detective work and other, serv
ices rendered during Mrs*. Nettie R. Cra
ven's contest of the will of the late Sena
tor James G. Fair. Silva further swore
that he had received $24,000 of the amount
and that there was yet a balance of $16,000
due him. He claimed that the money was
paid to Joseph Harvey for him on April
26, 1SO0, and that on April 30, 1900, Harvey
showed him four certified checks of $10,000
each, which Harvey claimed were from
the Fair estate for Silva. This large sum
was due, Silva testified, for work done by
him prior to August, 1899.
This testimony was brought out during
the trial of the suit of Joseph Harvey vs.
Florence Silva and Adolph Sllva for the
recovery of a deed to a half interest in
the Sausalito Electric Light plant. Silva
went on the stand in his own behalf and
his sister, Miss Florence Silva, later added
her testimony to her brother's sensational
assertions. The entire day was taken up
by the examination of the two defendants.
SXLVA TEI-LS HIS STORY.
Adolph • Sllva, after stating that he had
known Joseph Harvey since 1897, and that
he had been acquainted with Thomas J.
Frost, the half owner of the Sausalito
Electric Light plant, since 1890, testified
that Frost had informed him of a contro
versy in the company and wanted to ob
tain the money from him to buy the re
maining Interest. Continuing, Silva said:
I told Frost that I could not get the money;
that Harvey owed me. owing to the racetrack
war in San Francisco. Later as I could
not get my money, I told Harvey that I wanted
It or there would be trouble. He asked me not
to bother him. but that Tie would settle later.
On May 4. 1901, I went to Ban FVanclsco to
meet Harvey in the Peerless saloon, but he
was not there. I finally found him at a barber
shop on Ellis street getting shaved. He gave
me the $4000 certified check on Ellis street in
front of the barber shop and not in the Peer
less saloon, as stated by him. There was no
one present when he gave me the money — of
Q. — Did you tell Harvey. you would pay htm
in a few days? *>
A. — Xo, I never owed htm a cent in my life.
He owed me, sure.
Silva was put through a vigorous cross
examination by Attorney -James Coch
rane, and later by Attorney Lennon.
Many questions were asked as to his
birthplace, lineage and general history.
Finally the defendant's attorney objected
and was sustained by Judge Angellotti,
whereupon Attorney Lennon said:
"We nave a perfect right to know the
history of this man Sllva, your Honor."
"Now, Mr. Lennon," said Judge Angel
lottf, "I don't propose to allow you to en
ter into the genealogy of this witness.
You are not seeking information about
him, as you have It exhaustively before
you now," referring to the full transcript
of the testimony in the Fair-Craven
suit, which the plaintiff had procured.
"Well, your Honor, we wish to know
where this money came from," said Len
non.
GAVE MONEY TO SISTER.
Q. — Did you ever give Florence Sllva, your
sister, any money?
A. — Yes; on May 1, 1900, I gave Florle $12,
000.
Q.— Where did you get it?
A. — I jrot It from the safe 'deposit vault.
Q. — How came It there?
A. — Joe Harvey put $20,000 there for me in
April. 1900. The $12,000 was part of that
sum.
Q. — How did he happen to give you all this
money? «
A. — I had written him sharp letters stating
I wanted" what was due me from the Fair es
tate. He replied that his expenses had been
heavy; that his wife had been to Carlsbad and
he wanted me to wait. We agreed we would
not have a final accounting until after the
opening of the poolrooms that season.
Q. — How much' were you to receive?
A. — Harvey received on April 28. 1900. $40,
000 for me.
Q. — How do you know?
— A.-^-He showed me notes pretending to be
signed by Charles L. Fair for $10,000.
Q. — How do you know?
A. — He told me so. On April 30, 1900, he
showed me certified drafts of $10,000 each —
three or four of them.
Q. — Did Mr. Fair owe you anything?
A.— Legally, no. - •
Q. — Did you expect It?
A. — I expected It since the 17th or 18th of
April.
Q. — Why did you expect it?
A. — I had a talk with Fair in his office on
April 17 and at that time had an understand
ing with him.
SAYS HE WAS SENT FOB.
Q. — Who tpld you to go to see Mr. Fair?
A. — Harvey told me Fair wished to see me.
Harvey accompanied me to the office.
Q. — Was he present at the Interview?
A. — Of course not. Mr. Fair did not want
any one to know.
Q. — Well, for what* was this money owing
jeu?
A. — For detective work — services rendered up
to August, 1899, which I performed.
Q. — Did you ret or were you to have any
other money than the $40,000 from the Fair
estate?
• A. — Oh, yes; I got some money for expenses.
Q. — You received $4000, you say, from* Mr,
Harvey.
A. — It Is not all I received. I was paid
$20,000 besides, $10,000 on the 30th of April
In the Safe Deposit building In coin, $20 pieces,
and $10,000 on May 1, 1900, In the forenoon, at
the same place.'
Q- — Mr. Sllva, up to the time of filing this
suit, did you tell any one about Harvey ow
ing you a balance?
A. — Yes,l told you, Mr. Cochrane, and I have
made statements that there was a whole 1 lot
of money coming to me from the Fair estate;
that Harvey had collected It.
Miss Florence Sllva was then called.
She gave much testimony bearing upon
the immediate issues in the electric light
deal. When asked where she grot the
money to purchase the Interest in the
electric light plant. Miss Sllva replied
that her brother, Adolph Sllva, gave It
to her.
"Miss Sllva. When did your brother give
you the money?" she was asked.
"In May. 1900, I received the money
from, my brother, after the Fair case.
He gave me $12,000. He Invested part of
it for me and $2000 of it I put in the Hi
bernia Bank." . .
The case will continue next week.
Claims to Have Talked With Charles
L. Fair in Latter's Office. When
Summoned by Joseph
» Harvey.
Swears That He Has Received
$24,000' of Sum Due Him v
for Services.
Sausalitan's Testimony
Deals With the Fair
Will Case.
SILVA TELLS
OF HIS WORK
AS A SLEUTH
¦•-.¦¦•¦¦*¦¦¦.. ' <
THE SAX HIANCISCp: CALL,C SUKDAY, MAY 11, 1902.
Forto Ricans Are Assaulted.
SAN JUAN, P. R.. May 10.— The ' local
branch of the American Federation of
Labor, at a meeting held last evening
resolved to cable the following: dispatch
to Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation: "More than six
assaults have . been made upon f edera-
22
. NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. :
¦-"¦'" ¦ r~ ~ ~ '- '¦¦ ¦ - ¦¦-¦ ~~>
TO KILL THE DANDRUFF GERM
Is the Only Possibly -Way, of Having
,• a Permanent Cure.
. If you see a woman or a man witji lux-
uriant, glossy.' yialr, . you may : bo • aura
neither has dandruff to amount to any-
thing. In nearly every case where women
and men have thin brittle hair they owe
it to dandruff. There are hundreds :: of
preparations that "claim" to cure; dan-
druff, <but not ona but Newbro's Herpictde
tells you that dandruff . is the result of a
germ burrowing into the scalp, - and • that
permanent cure of dandruff j and its con-
sequent falling and. baldness, can only be
had by killing the germ; and there is no
other preparation • that will ' destroy that
grerm but Newbro's Herplcide. "Deertroy
the cause, you remove the effect,** . ;
, AJVEBTISEMENTS.
Have You Got
Rheumatism?
A Scientific Discover/Which Will
Revolutionize the Treatment
of Rheumatism.
Trial Box Free!
Rheumatism has yielded to a marvelous dis-
covery end to-day this remedy is offered free
to all who euffer. Scarcely a grown person
has escaped Its twinges and thousauds have
been eo deformed and misshapen thct they
barfly look like their former selves. If you
are euch a sufferer, send your name and ad-
Mr. ABRAM HEED of National Military
Home. Barrack 4, Dayton. Ohio, writes:
Gloria Tonic did what three doctors failed to
do. It cured me.
dress to John A. Smith, Milwaukee, TVis.. and
by return mall you will receive . a trial box
cf Gloria £P nl c free. This is the most wn-
derful remedy ever discovered and has en-
abled many a cripple to abandon crutch and
cane. Mrs. Emma Wallace of ISO Oak st... Vin-
cexmes, Ind., writes: "Gloita Tonic saved
my life: it cured me, after spending over nve |
hundred dollars with doctors, who ciaimed th^.t
I was "incurable." " An old gentleman of
Fountain City. Wis., writes: • Gloria Tonic
cured me after suffering 83 years." In Den-
liam. Indiana, it cured a lady who then cured |
fifteen of her neighbors. Rev. S. Sund of Har-
risville, Wls.. testifies that this remarkable
remedy cured two members of his congregation,
one who had suffered 18, the other 25 years.
In St. Louis, Mo., it cured Mr. F. Farber of
the Concorfiia Publ. House after doctors, medi-
cines and baths failed. The most elaborate il-
lustrated book ever published on the subject of
rheumatism, which will tell you all about your
case, mailed free w^th trial box. No man,
woman or child need suffer longer. The trial
bcx proves Us power over rheumatism, and
is free to all. Addrjfes: JOHN A. SMITH,
4317 Germania Bldg., Milwaukee, Wis.
QUALITY
The Highest D .'gree of Excellence
Attested by the
Enormous Gain in Importations
Durins: 1301 of
Moet&
Ckandon
OVER A
QUARTER OF A MILLION
Or. more accurately?- an increase of
252,432
Bottles nver the year 1900, equal to more than
IOO PER CENT
of the combined increase of all the other chara-
p&r&e bouses. — Extract from Bonfort'e Wliie
and Bpirlt Circular. January 10, 1902.
Moet & Chandon "WHITE SEATj" Is of
. th« celebrated vintage of 1S33, pronounced by
the bon vlvant and connoisseur the acme of
perfection— Dry. Delicate, Delicious.
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
216-18 Mission street. S. F.
A Makes your Eye-Glasses as a
M the oculist intended— B
j Helpful, Restful, Becoming, B i
i§ With Clips that hold, yet do Egg j
M not wound the nose. »| i
l?64 2^fi arket St. W
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
iny Lady Can do it at Home— Costs j
Vothlng to Try. I
A new tasteless dlseoTery which can be given In tea, !
BoCee or food. HeartUr endorsed by W. C. T. U. and aU
temperance worker*. It does its work so silently and
•urely thM while the deroted wife, titter or daog-hter
lookz on. the drunkard li reclaimed even against his will
•ad withoat his ksowledfre. Send your name and address
to Dr. J. W. Halnes, SSM Glenn Bid*.. Cincinnati, O-, and
ke will mail a trial package of Golden Epoclnc free to
«how how easu> It Is to cure flru n i.-» rd* wl th thit remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale in San Francisco by J. R. Gates & Co.,
<1* Santome st. .- : .-'.;.
CURE FOR HEMORRHOIDS. '
Humphreys' Witch Hazel Oil
cures Piles or Hemorrhoids—
External or Internal.
E*One application gives relief.
mailed free.
At Druggist*, or mailed for 25 cts.
Etanphreyg' Med. Co.. Ill William St.. X. T.
ivisiT DR. JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
¥ f!"*^^ I" 14 WWe»ie. or any contracted A
® /MM I S f* cl ' i « OBt »«C<«a. E»L3tye»r». Q
4 §*j&i BR. JORBAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
A f B •_. Coes " !tttl ' B free " d rtn<*ly printe. \
M I »?*£. tl Treatment penosaliy «r fc r StAnt A i
f I flT-ay f-a»* CW.in erery ea»« unSerSk«L f
1 fl (I vmlnsMe bock far mtu) . \
V OU. JOBDtlf * CO.. I05I Market St.. 8. P. ¥
0^ WONG WOO,
Uy CHINESE TEA AND HERB
Lfc: / SANITARIUM.
.J&j^ 76«6 Clay St., S. P., Cal.
%M2?E?fiy A LL DISEASES CURED
*m**mbtmv^ t%. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours.
8:30 to 11 a, m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m.
8adway*s
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild end reliable. Causes
perfect - digestion, complete absorption and
*>faltoful regularity. - .
For the cure of aU disorders of the Stomach.
LaFer. Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Bick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
jtinatloa. Piles send all derangements of tb«
Zafernal Viscera, 2Sc a box. At Druggist*. OT
JOE ROSE JJBEBG^a. J JOE ROSENBERG'S. | ; .! JOE ROSENBERG'S. | jOEROSEyBERG'S. . . .„! JOE ROSEH BERff'a ',
tl I HTCC WDADDEDC €1 ftft J$^^ "'" : jT^f'-' ' -^ v w j^. Come Here in Justice to Yourself and ft& i
LAUIti VVKAfr-tK^, *1.UU. | fAA/i i t 1 /^fLr ' Sesihese )\ h
But don't make the mistake of thinking Jm/u Ve /fyX ffl&i. Ill Rl §1 I i Ell . H^ ~ — , />^ $
they are $1.00 wrappers. ; The> 'are, a Mjif^eMWiL VJvTV/ Vl E^^ f^fl %^ Jl^ f A^^FT.Q fe#l 1
wonder for the money. Made of extra Jo/mSX - - f/ffflJ3w^ ' - J&FBffc t5^»VQ» Vv/l^ t C3 | l-4 I \2? 3 \hu 1
des°gns^ e Y C^ke'effect r^ e t1i a e^aulIue e 5-^ffl9nS&^ f *x#» VA«« Ha«a Tl»-*> W/rm.ts i^wllT^^- i/^Sk, T l>ey are the NEW W. B. and the i\p,k %
over the shoulder and down the /^^fffl|^ TOT I Oil "llCrG I tilS ' WGGK. ¦ "-' M6tt&rA^~irm&L MILITANT, and made of the very i£4iS £
front. Deep flounce at the bottom, M^Or^^^M^Bm /: : ¦' ttv^^i* M^UaLT^sd^Jl^^L. best black imported -uteen. double WyJlj\ S
tiffht-fitting lining, bishop sleeve, /fflfitfi, C K%ffiW£mjSK&- TYttYlCkC ar»/^ nnll^rc MO|Aw^^^ cidc steels rust-proof front *s3P£b J
small cuff. Here's where you get aiS^fVlWfir- l/llil6S oflVGO QT6 UOll3rS steels, lace trimmed, bias cut, hand*
a little better than the best. Full width Jgg|\ ( f ... gored, low sloping bust. Ions below fe
and length. As long as they last. ..$1.00£pk&oJv f 1 /&£$? WcxAf\ T«fl TI»*-»-*-'o W/l^-s-f XHWS^N** « .\t>^l^k waistline. They also have extra tabs
SOROSIS : 'jBgB- 3 *- Vn« flrk Horn -•¦'^" n J^^k C U;r Umn 6 anT French dn co^se^ en rnade" |
Is the name of the Best Ladies' Glove Jgf f-^Ky*$^Mr * *^" •'"« ". J ° E h KO fow JB rice G a3 > this COUr *i' I
WE WARRANT THEM, _JJmm, * LADIES' SIDE- <$£?) Ov/C B]ack and w hite tf^J^ DlHieS SaVfid Oil RlbbOHS.
-WE MEND THEM, - &$F^Ki£m3fflm? COMBS, made of good \ ( Incf-^oH «¥ *K1 Oft stripe RIBBED KIB- \ rs ?&' \ » i nA p n c<mri«r(r'c Prirf Alwflv*:
WE CLEAN THEM, J^^^^M^M quality Italian shell. A / Instead Ot 5>l.UU. BON. made of the best yffijh W 1/M JOC nOSeilDvrg S rHCe Always
1 --'.--¦ . ¦ aj/Cn AV'SS^By highly polished, smooth. . >=JL r Amvc- TiniTS tmrie of quality all-silk t af 5f. ta '. «KVt\ oC>^^sk ( t. a I „.,„-*
...FREE... jTfi c a3£\W$W teeth that fT\ }*.,, ,T v tiiTwrn 'with the new satin stripe. WtiBt^S^Z&fflfik " tbe LO^est.
,.,. , • * MMP^yhlWM will not pull the hair nor Wl best fast Mack Lngtlsh yarn. 3% inche3 w ide. Worth 40c. gn^t vardg RIBBON made of
lhcy are made of Picked Mk\ scratch the head. V\- / summer weight; tilted waist, j£, w .-Sue IWKf 41l 800 CIt Al Silk Wafhlbk
¦nni^ bBk u' U l S t wn> ? arlS - £m$C UCMM Joe Rosenberg's price.. \ 7 that will not wrinkle or make IMl,CmSl width Nft .60 I
fS^S^^e^'^^ j/K6^a ¦ -•!<>- Pah \ a bulk over the hips; .oft and Something NeW in W^fljR ttAWjJ
Seeing Is Believing Mmjffli ' m lhe New Di P Fro «- : r k™ SB Bf&taf S^Sd %Wot^ 7 , w v !
nS[-£ii&" h }i;,^" S - Mnf^^WM »¦">»¦ NEW DIP BHAPBBeLt SS,"« A»l . iro !•« P««. »» RIDbon bo« t..a b> expert, tree ra^ THESE OFFERISG|
S£S? ISlBBaCS ffiSK Ic3t. nt Ta Be iiveriooked Bought rroraan Overstocked ¦«¦ H^M co.^irfC°|
&ZT.2£?^ fc^W,^SS,°-|]f;^&'",,?TulS fl S ,i D ? E f v^oJS?^^ ufacturerat Less Than «3c nOJI n«|k§a e^
., „ . P rice -•••••¦ • .....125c nrlC Thty are made of extra fine South + l yt.. WtiFlf -aP-Ws FA^Xt?. rv
fll0nej=SaVmo; m&^^g§Ml Ludies ' Patcnt Leather Belts lOe IS?" island cotton, high neck, long or OH the L'Qllar. raS((o^ J*H It^rfl R W E AR
iv Kr^WM iv « , c. • . w -. rt sleeves, summer weight, jersey m ,- best quallt y fast black fffaNV )£& V*J> complete «am-
Women I(^D/A^§WM We MakS a Specialty Of LaCeS. The ribbed. Best value ever offered ut #j th^ VELVET ribbon, satin back. tuU^^^£^^g( pie line we bought
READ THIS: J^M fait for the Least WHI Always PANTS VomaVchVankie'iengVhiiiii.'.'sSc nSP Width No. 4 ...........IOC .»IgB^8R lounlbeSishtlV-
bH w c 5^1 g?; ; M#I Be Found fere. Economical Mothers, Read This: Sgffi | o °: :::::::::::::::::::^|c |Ko^M h Sed from Th be e??
made df best linen mEgZr **&fflBs3 This week we have jt^ HAIR RIBBON AT HALF ITS REAL Width No. J... -UC ig bi^/fl style and cut have
ffito^-V^' W^^MMr' iTII 'tF # a Z^i^^^^^^r.. D>e:t From Ireland. 1^^^ "Sa^i^S!
BSSt T Co r n s e e r /<5E0& combinat.n, R tS u,ar^c ribbon, <n ow , CHILDHBN>S [( .HANDKKKCHIEFS. l^pg^ SVShV.' 1^
with the new BgKttA^llgS patterns to choose MtiffiewP' \ \""li ' u «« C-«:«« ft« a - stitched, extra heavy quality; now..5c. BH^^| naI ? sook ?;», tTl^l
ISS^foV.r S,T : we 3 ek Inches wi f S^^^ AnOtb f Sa p 1Dg ? = H,v fi , font Thev Are Wonders HH^^tI ™*^
pink. Blue, Biack E6^ >5bhH ¦ rhls - week - 5c -**& a****^- uortunitv for bconomi- /rvn* nave a Look — iney Are nonaers. SSsff B ,ne. <)g and the newest
and White. Don't Wjfi.^hS^BA mi Slimmer NeclfWPflr ai NPTt»fn»NntlllIHr i« j.l /AiZy LADIES' UNDER- r-ft - SiRvX >/« embroideries,
overlook these at Sr/ 1 '^ 1 *^?^^ JUmmer K eCk Wear ai neil-lU Cal Mothers. ZZfT^S SKIRTS, made ot best Of ii©i^A_n^£l Thev comprise
this price.... 75c aV\P;Mt C^lS^ J- PHceS. CHILDREN'S HOSE, made SA\e»\ Italian cloth, highly mer- Y^> a EBEBifeffl8MBR IVLfni*?? Atk,^*J?
WETS FITTED TREE u if >1E , s ' STmN , cl T1 ¥' "M 1 .^ 1 "/ ZL X &™t™ L %Td!£ /hM SS r"m« SJVtoS" 1^% • ¦HP^H ¦«»"'=»""'•'
BY EDEET FITTERS. B^SB A"fcJK!f...^-...^..?SS& Hl^/^SV'Pfi H M^liMl W^3
Slimmer WfifriT I ? dies' Npw Crnak at*20c; Joe Rosenberg's price « warranted good. fast VK&nriftSJB* Hg» Dif^E- I I& «c. >o two alike.
ouiiiuici manX.,r «-y\SaBH • -.t.ouic» new mhuu&i ° 1: »i4 e biack. worth twice the EB«sS J/Jfea % t earlv blrfl
Underskirts I^MMt^/SH Mad^ of best quality Madras or-Cheviot, _ .. , n-:««^ asking price .• 81. SO ¦ L - f$MBg&^> -JZfftsi %?*+ «v V your
unn.rsKins. I^°'™-/(Ja» «n striped effect or solid color, washable; Beautifiers at Extraordinary Low Prices . ¦ mms^stmi
dirikirf; Tade 11 "? "*$& t^touVtoUifSlZS*' 25c newest PARISIAN NOVELTIES in LaWH Neckwear IS the Proptt glp^^ ma,? TOe? '«d
M«d Jiuahtv c?ash ¦ HilbS«lra» VEILING will he found here at prices Thiriff Nnw mm^itjeM^M lower price.
SaS: H^^ll Parses for Beta Their Original "?& 1 r3SSS<SS3535&w v EILS . w . carry , ITl, . « ,h. pr, P .r BE{(<>'™)W D v¥ R i 0R !S
narrow ruffles, «^/^Lati«Cvmm C«li:«~ D«:^« - £ ood Quality chiffon. i;ings or squares of prices . LADIES' LAWN TIES, best BO EX\ fJM Lonsdale muslin.
Couldn't buv mate- Hair* Selling rHCe velvet or dotted; colors royal, brown, qua i ity liiwn , neatly hemstitched, 4 SJ Mi&^rvSjZKa la ce insertion and
rial for the price we raW'^ & viMH| r ADIFS COMBINATION PURSE black or white. Sold elsewhere at oOc; lnches wide, fancy pointed ends. Our BBKaSmSSS lac S edged. well
askforthe skirt com- |g( ' Ml^roCK^off'blt 7S our pr!ce " 25C introduction price 10c fi|SW ™^«. c a per , ect t 1 -
Plete 7oc «^^^aW|W Morocco pressed leather. rivetedVeel New Swell Wash VelS. c *«.- v mW^7 Sample pricfc
' ._. , • frame, semi-block bottom. . leather HCW OWCI1 nusu ? cna. Something NeW. iaI&(F^ O l«>VV$$$ T*"V*«V*i"o. 50c
We Are Mi^^i^ lined, the kind you cannot lose Best quality Brussels net. with fancy ft ,T *,.^nJ T r O lt u *Sfi»K&/A. 7 r/H v£a * E S l DRAW "
C rtIt WjTuC^mM- money out of. hand-made Honiton or point lace borders; HOSE SUPPORTER. with £? tM\ \ "7 g. 1/28 ERS, rood quallty
Manufacturers, Wf 6 ,^)flHk TheMeStOre ' sllttIe PriCe - 50e A S t 5S£ii? a Sif 1 ?or 11 ; % and aXn ».(S; S5?r M the\%°om™ l «n^1,olS t itS" MBl&teCZffl flnishe^Sh^S
Bence the Low Price. l^J^yffiBJk Closing Out Our Dress -Skirts. -,;••„ %%%«Zt&u£ cfoS. 1 " 1^ ff^^^m ch ?ume or oX
LADIES' WHITE npr^m NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO BoUght frOHl a Well KnOWfl .MCH S best quality elastic hose-sup- Jffffiftv &K $f&S 10c
SKIRTS, best quality soft W%f7 .^^^ ' BUY. Furnisher" ill TOWfl, u pomr made. Our price MMfa'* *WS AT 75 CENTS 3t
WiS-in Fdsco to e q uai W o j|^^ ™f!g*' JgSg^iEd.^ei *™. s^es^coL^t 2f Ladies' Kimonas. M^S^m yoTWA^ 1 f in "
teeXS 5 ° C^^^m^y uS S^^ rffa &^£TS«&fflr^ M.d. of best quality Mg&^SBf 5f
The Small Necessities of ¦ %d?Si3Sl Ml °&&~™ ™** of ™ %8&"-^-&r Mm^/W ' -—---^^
. Life at -Correspondingly «^^^S™t>S tnliFliBy^^ aflS^SfiSS- Jffl£s£^™ml^T R ? s ,
Prices* \^^^^W now ......?,85.00 £ h .^^\^™}^.^ Just received, JU^T^gBf p^^ SSSS' S e ° d f ITA
HooflNpEYEs best quality. c.^K^SS^ St \t^ New Ltae of Fancy Over Collars jT iBS?" jX^^K^S^^^^^^
SA^EtT P°!S-^ CcS -Made of linen Shirt-
PE '< ?i^& t V%S'ti?%cZ Only JBK^^&r^^ LADIES> SKI * T^ «-^' of t
or four hole, small and I Wbm\M iMll •••• ; *"• * jfiH' V : «Sr i' 6 "^ / aaWc - w "h deep hem- E
BLA^lT^iLET^^ - •• ;-¦• '-W Value. , ',
JOE ROSENBERG^Ntt^^^^^gP^JOE ROSENBERG
816 Market St., Running through to II O'Farrell, Phelan Building Market St., Rnnning through to 11 O'Farrell, Phelan Building.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. ¦ ' - MA1L ORDERS SOLICITED.
I Friedman's Furniture Hj
I f you live in> Oakland, I
•'-'¦ / - ¦ -." "¦"-'¦".' j. -- v . ft'i
Alarmed*, Berkeley or San Francisco. Wall Meansre y*\rr Hooma. U
Sow, Lay and Line, with PADDED LlninJ tries* Caxpatt during the ft
Continuation of oar . rl
Discontinued -Pattern Carpet SaJes
3 Patterns 75c Tapestry -Brussels - 50c a. yard j
5 Patterns 85c Tapestry Brussels - 60c a. yard j
1 5 Patterns 95c Tapestry Brussels - 70c «l yard n
I 4 Patterns 1.15 Smith's Axminsters 90c a yard j
4 Patterns 1. 15 Wool Velvet - 9 5c ia. yard I!
5 Patterns 1.35 Body Brussels - 1. 1O e* yard r
5 Patterns 1.50 Extra Axminster - 1.20 et yard |j
With and Without Borders 11
You save money I
Buying MATTIJfG by XShe *ROLL*
20 yard roll, by the yard, worth $4.oo, $2.95 j
N«»t Laid. Good, woven -la pattern. 20 yda onouah for averatf» room. • j
' - *•' v . • n
I 65c. Linoleum for 50 c. |j
1 For Kitchen «. Bathroom. Measures teJcen *.t\d Linoleum Levld. 1 1
I Brussels and Velvet Rags, 65 $ 95 c. 1
I Mado-up Carpet Rugs, yard to a yard & 1-4 long, fringed ends j
I I
I . TheCredlt House? Six Storic3.HisK. j
l^aa^^r^P&»f Street. Phone Private Cx 57 J jWASHINGTON". May 10.— The Btate De
partment having been advised that Mar
garet Taylor, the child kidnaped by her
aunt, Clara Taylor, is suffering from
neglect at Bordlghera, Italy, owing to the
Inability of her aunt to care for her, has
cabled United States Consul Pearson at
Genoa to have her taken In charge by
United States Consular Agent Amegilo at
Ban Bemo.
Consul Will Guard. Margaret.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 10.— Walter N.
Haldeman, the venerable president of the
Louisville Courier-Journal Company and
one of the best known newspaper men in
the country, was struck by a trolley car
to-day while attempting to cross the
tracks and was seriously injured. He re
ceived a severe scalp wound and his
shoulder was sprained. Haldeman is over
£0 years old.
Trolley Car Injures Aged Man.
John Jones and Henry Thomas were
burned about the face and throat, and
the skin was burned off their fingers.
Hardly a man got out without some in
jury, and none saved any of their belong
ings.
As soon as the wrecked building fell and
tbe heat permitted, rescuers ventured in
and dragged the charred body of George
Rogers from his partly burned mattress.
Coroner Thomas Greene will hold an in
quest over Rogers' body in the morning.
Rogers was nearly 50 years old and had
no family. He must have been rendered
unconscious by the shock-
Richard Bastian, the proprietor of the
hotel, lived with his family in a house
some distance away. He can advance no
clew upon which the officers can work in
their belief that the explosions were the
work of criminals. He is a peaceable
man and cays he had no enemies. He
carried $2000 insurance.
Mark F. Adams groped In the smoke
£jid flame until almost suffocated, then
he broke Into George Rogers' room, burst
out the window sash and leaped to the
ground. The fall injured his back and he
lies In a state of paralysis. He gasped
that George Rogers still lay upon his
bed, but there was no means of reaching
the doomed man-
EOGEBS FAILS TO ESCAPE.
George Cann, with remarkable nerve,
hesitated long enough to dress himself
and got into the corridor, where he was
almost choked by the smoke. The fire
sot into his clothing and when he finally
reached the ground with both, his feet
burned hardly a etitch of clothing re
mained upon his body, and the flesh of
his back was cooked.
The force of the explosions was toward
the south wall, which was carried out,
else the immediate wreck would have
been more complete. Most of the miners
in the hotel were asleep. George Hammill
had lifted a lamp to extinguish it when
the concussion dashed the lamp against
the wall, starting- names in a fresh spot.
Hammill was stunned, but recovered in
time to get out with his underclothing
burning. His bare feet and his left hand
were burned, and he may be crippled for
life. Other miners were thrown out of
bed and in their excitement several were
so dazed that their companions had to
tarry to assist them. Fire was thrown
into all parts of the building by the ex
plosion and strangely enough the stair
way was ablaze in a second. The men
•who suffered the more serious injuries
were those who found this exit blocked
by flames when they reached it. They
dropped from, windows and escaped in
various ways.
The awful roar and shock caused con
sternation in both adjacent towns and at
the offices of the mining company. The
Bastian Hotel immediately broke into
flames, but tew dared approach to try to
help the inmates for fear of further ex
plosions.
FULE FOLLOWS EXPLOSION.
REDDING, May lO.-Two explosions of
dynamite, one following closely upon the
other, wrecked the Bastian Hotel in Sal
lee, one of the two towns near De la
Mar's Bully Hill mine last night. Within
fifteen minutes the building had burned
to the ground. It was occupied by miners
employed at Bully HilL George Rogers,
one of their number, perished In ; the
flames, and a dozen others were badly
burned or injured. While opinion is di
vided as to the cause or the explosions,
the more prevalent view is that the hotel
was deliberately blown up by some crim
inal having a grudge against the landlord
or some of his guests. Proprietor Richard
Bastian's belief is that some miner secret
ly stored dynamite In the basement of
the structure, and that the explosive was
accidentally touched off. He is loth to
believe that the destruction of his hotel
was the deliberate work of a criminal.
The hotel was a two-story frame build
ing and each of its twenty rooms was en
gaged by one or more men employed in
the mines. A third of them were at work
on the night Ehift when the disaster oc
curred. The first explosion came at 11
o'clock and the second followed in ten
seconds, as though time fuses of almost
equal length had* been set.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Belief Is That the Destruc
tion of the Building Was the
Revengeful Work of a £-v -
Criminal.
One Inmate Perishes and a
Dozen Sustain Burns
or Injuries.
Miners' Hostelry in Sallee
Is Wrecked by
Dynamite.
EXPLOSIONS
DEAL DEATH
IN HOTEL
? The citizens of .the Hupeh city were
much excited because of the attack upon
Pi Yang, and sent messengers to Chang
Chi Tung-, Viceroy of that province,
whose troops are among the best In China,
gents returned to the walled city of PI
Yang, which is hear the borders of the
province of Hupeh, and practically ad-
Joins the city of Tsaoyang Hsien, which
is on the Hupeh side - of th» boundary.
They set siege to the city. According: to
some reports the city had fallen, its man
daring been slain and its houses and
stores looted; but other report* received
in dispatches from Kaifengfu to Chinese
papers at' Shanghai were that the rebels
had divided their forces and were attack
ing the cities of Tan 'Hsien and Halnye
as well as PI Yang, and the situatioaln
all three cities was critical.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— The executive
committee of the 'Woman's Improvement
Club, tinder whose auspices tha Juvenile
rose carnival is to be held here on May
81. has selected Marshall Paxton, son of
Btlta W. Paxton, president of the Santa
Rosa Bank, for king, and Helen Geary,
daughter of Hon. Thomas J. Geary, for
queen.
Juvenile Sovereigns Chosen.
calling upon him to huny a force to
protect the city in the event of the rioters
crossing the border. It was not expect
ed that they would attack the city of
Hupeh, however, as they were practically
safe from ' Interference by Chang Chi
Tung's troops If they kept on the. other
side of the boundary.
On April 11, while in New York, Mr. H.
Lesser of this city bought of Hirschman
Bros, of 1 708 Broadway, I New York, one
of America's foremost clothing makers,
$48,000 worth of men's. stylish spring and
summer clothing at one-half cost of man
ufacture. . This . extraordinary concession
was due solely toMhe, overestimated ; de
mand, of the retail trade! Realizing that
there were but few concerns in this coun
try .who /could handle, such an enormous
quantity, especially on a cash basis, and
reckoning with, a knowledge of this ever
growing outlet, they accepted 50 cents on
the dollar of ; manufacturer's cost. The
goods have ¦ now arrived and , the sale of
same will" begin this coming Thursday.
May 15,1 at the 'Lyceum Clothing Co., 915
Market street, opposite Mason. . .- "•:
A San Francisco Merchant Slakes a
$ 48,000 Clothing j Purchase In
New York, i ' , '
professional golf tournament on the links
of the North wood Club to-day Alexander
Herd defeated a trio of. experts— James
Baird, the open champion, and J. H. Tay
lor and Harry garden, former champions.
' •; An additional charge of 20
cents to pay expressoge Will
be required from out o{ town
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load of Cook Books
hn« Just arrived from Chicago
an d they are* ready for distri
bution at the business office
of ' thin 'paper. t V All Call V sub
scribers are 'entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book at
the premium .price . of fifty
cents.''. '• ;¦ W. : f .. v .". '.': ..'.::.
TWEHTIETB CENTURY COOK BOOKS
The rebels attacked the churches of, the
native at Pi Yang and Tunge, where- the
priests had ; a large following of Chinese
converts. The trouble was fomented . by
local vagabonds, who took advantage of
the . dissatisfaction caused by the heavy
-taxation -which the Chinese ; authorities
are levying in' order to pay the indemnity
to i the - powers. '¦ The ¦•¦: churches * of the
Christians : were burned and many of the
i unfortunates . were : herded Into \ \ the
flames, 'While others were put to the
sword. The rioters, after the massacre,
took : to ' the hills, - fearing ¦, that Govern
ment troops would - be . dispatched against
them, but when' the officials did not send
a punishing; force • they . begun ¦. a -march
through . the villages, •; preaching | rebellion
as they went, and soon gathering a large
following.. • .-'•¦.• * . .
.With -their increased horde the insur-
, VICTORIA, , B. C, . May Id-According
to advices received- by the'steamer Tar
tar; from,'; the % Orient, Northern . China Is
now a scene of strife. There are revolu
tions in both Honan ' and Kansu. In Ho
nan the insurgents, who at last advices
were besieging some of the walled cities
of that province,- massacred Roman Cath
olic converts,- the number of , whom. : waa
not 'given in the dispatches.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Massacre Catholic- : Con
verts in Province - of
Honan.
REBELS RAIDING
NORTHERN CHINA
If you like . tamales try Pedro Sanchez's
real' Mexican ; tamales.*.. '. ".".'.¦ - ••
Golfer Herd Defeats Expert^ v.. v;
LONDON, .May. 1D.--At aa important
Elect Him Delegate at
Large to National
Encampment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HANFORD, May 10.— When the Grand
Army Encampment resumed Its labors
this morning the election of the remain
ing officers was proceeded. with. The fol
lowing were chosen, as the council of ad-,
ministration: Henry C. Dibble of Post
No. 1, J. G. Deasey of No. 2, F. A.
Schwartz of No\7, C. F. Rice of No. 118,
Horace Wilson of. No. 20.
General William R.- Shatter was unani
mously elected *¦ delegate at large to the
National Encampment
The- selection . of a place, for the next
annual . encampment was left to the in
coming council of administration, with
power to act, the place to be definitely
fixed before December 1. It is understood
the next encampment will be held In Los
Angeles.
The following were re-elected , directors
of the Veterans' Home Association of Cali
fornia: A. McMahon of Post No. 42, San
Jose^and J..G. Gilmore of Post No. 2,
San Francisco. .
The delegates to the National Encamp
ment are: H. T. Bralnerd of Post No, 63,"
S. W. Cushion of No. 169, George S. Faust
of No. 17, S. L. Richards of No. 3, George
White, of No. 110, J. H. Stunti of No. 93
and A. D. Cutler, of No. 2. Alternates—
T. A. Btateler of No. 2, E. P. Bancroft of
ARMY COMRADES
HONOR SHAFTER
The council of administration of the San
Joaquin Valley Veterans' Association met
and organized by electing the following
comrades to office:, W. H. Machen of At
lanta Post No. 55, president; W.H. Ar
nold of Grant Post No. 9, secretary. The
council of administration consists of
W. H. Machen of Fresno, ¦ president ; \W.
H. - Arnold of- Modesto, secretary; John
Edwards of Vlsalia, J. W. Bearrup of Ma
dera and C. H. Wataon of Hanford. 1
To-night a banquet was tendered the
visitors, at .the conclusion of which there
was a campflre. . ..
The Ladies of the Grand' Army, of the
Republic elected and Installed the follow
ing officers:- President, Cordelia ; if.
Spence; vice president, Edith M. Brown
of Pacific- Grove; Junior vice^ president,
Hannah B. Miller of Sacramento; coun
cilor, Sadie T. Hinkley; secretary, Emma
T. Holley.
The State convention of the Woman's
Relief Corps to-day elected the following
officers, who were Installed by Mrs. Vlo
letta Cross of Ban Jose, D. D. P.: De
partment president, Mrs. Ida L. Jarvlsof
Pasadena; senior vice department presi
dent, Mrs. Carrie J. Drake of . Fullerton ;
junior vice department president, Mra.
Mary Randall of Hanford; department
treasurer, Mrs. Warburton of San Diego;
department chaplain, Mrs. Ada G. Nat
trlnger of San Jose.' - '
The newly elected officer* were in
stalled by Fast Department Commander
Buckles of Solano; assisted by Post De
partment Commander Jesse B. Puller. T.
C. Masteller, the present assistant adju
tant general and assistant quartermaster
general, a position he has held for the
past twelve years, with the exception of
one year, when he held the office of de
partment commander, was reappolnted.
At noon the encampment adjourned sine
die. . - -...-¦
No. 88, S. F. Cooper of No. -82, J. W. Bear
rup of No. 166, F. It. Turpln of No. 2, E.
B. Edson of No. 2, Horace Wilson of No.
2 and C. T. Rice of No. 118. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 13 ,1902.
23
- -— - ,??^ - '^. 3M:P0 J S ' I -? ]M[> ' THE EMPORIUM/ | .THE EMPOBrUM." | ; • THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM. » | THE 1 EMPORIUM.
I Bleached Muslin— 36 inches wide,,no dressing, mill cost Positively last week of the wonderful Beautiful'New Hair Dressing and Manicure Parlors
v to-day 8^c per yard; on special sale Monday — f ; Electrical Show— 24 Hours ; .now open on second floor. Expert attendants and the
* only ......;. — . ...... ........ — ...... /g? in the Alits* most modern appliances for treating the hair and scalp.
J Striking New Novels. Special Sale of Vy5 ¦\t^^ ¦' ¦ m' Ruffled Curtains NBWsst Sheet Music.
JC Special Cut Price. WhHing'sWrHing Paper. -& Mondav. 97c Pair. X Publishers' Prices.
v "Dorothy Vernon of Haddoa Hall," by the " M . ¦ _ , ,, .„,,.. V TO • *A jf M/l %*. MXC-yS^T t^f^Y S B & §Mw WlJUeajf, +9 M S, r~€MIM. novelette for th e piano
I author of "When Knighthood Was in °» Monday we off« 600 lfc«. of Whmng'. Writ- ®ha^#/ £~Jt t/sMKj TLTi^SyiyffFi 100 pa'rs of Cottage Curtains; fine Swiss with 30 O
JI Flower"; our price. $1,20 ln & Pa P er ( b «) ™ note and octavo sizes, SI M &&&>&&/ VS&rWM. M dots and figures, 4-inch ruffle, curtains 3 "Cats' Parade," a charactersdc piano solo
tf • "Dorothy South," by author of "Carolina »tm wove or • Unen finish paper, ruled o r ' \tf > ,,,,-iHllffT-^*^*^ yards long and 40 inches wide, worth a* .... ... ...).... . 25O
%' Cavalier"; our price &1.2O plain, 100 sheet, to the lb.— .t the very S pe- 8^^^ V - 1 ' '«« $1.25 per pair; Monday' __ "My Lady Hottentot," latest coon , on g . .
tf "The Conqueror," by Gertrude Atherton; cial price, Ib. ...... . . . . . 18C ' <^^ a TgiaF 8BBBBlU>i^ l*MyiFRf^^' c only 37C 25O
J our prce. . . . . . ... . .$1.20 — — — — — r— '..... • ,: ' . '. ., '" "; ' ' '_ /. ' " ; '. " ¦*,-;'.-. ';;' ' .-"; ; — : = : j : ! — "In the Valley of Kentucky," latest ballad
S> "The Right of Way," by Gilbert Parker; V . . . . -, .- J .. . ; ., — K -— ~ " rr~ ;- r — ~ ! 1 1 — — ! — O 25O
j our pnee .......... $u2o Beginning Tuesday we shall offer at special sale one ollhc prettiest all-wool n — — — ~
I A shirt sale p Outing Fabrics of the year at 39c per yard— scarcely half its real value. Monda^Ty? for
f Mef?l!ff !^f -^S, Unsurpassed Wash Goods Values. Stirring News of Silks. %£* .
"¦^^^ii^ 3 *' 1 - Monday's Splendid Offerings. Anoi her Great Sale Monday. v B^% a tcy Hp| .
*" f^^m^^^^vfMf]" 100 Choice 12 i^c Percales— A lot of 200 pieces of our well- known, satisfaction 2OO ° y ards of three, of the season's most popular weaves of Colored Silks— c " td ?6. /|^^5\
m WwMiWWl b^om, g^ing make of yard-wide Perca'cs (we keep best grade only in these goods);' -' P! ain , Gros Londr «> Kgored Flannel Taffcta and Peau Sultana— comprise /|lil H&S&
i WTm^SmM re - enforc - H S ht anddalk borings; an excellent assortment; Monday only, *% • the extraordinary special offering for Monday; they are silks thatsellin the cheap at the C#1^iv^ hMiM
v C^^bJ'^M^)^^^^ cd and yard '¦'""< ¦¦'•¦ it&(® ordinary way at 75c, 85c and $ 1. 00 the yard, and in the lot will be found regular '\ttjM§tf
$t "f double .-. . . ......... . . . . pretty shades of pink, cream, light blue, old rose, tan, maise, cardinal, nile, P rice » ><^>*$r%fr^~ l^r '
i X^^NN - backand Fancy Openwork Striped Novelty White Goods— Some of, the finest we im- * lavender, gray-, blue and also white; these beautifu' silks will maks up into $i^°' M * iJo\/t '
* lF"Zr ?J~ *IT«X£1FT*£ P orted this season; in two difi«rent styles of weaving/several -.different pat-' ;. •charming shirt waists for street or evening wear. The special &J9^ ' „ y Y '. ' * ,* ,' '^f' 10
S fitC goiwerbg term in eac! 1 style; choice for waists, suits, children's wear, etc.; -.^^ pice for.Monday only,;y a rd..., .....". ................ O^G J^Z
i %$0%& ' Ol " 25C , gr^V^ 0 "-^ yard. . ,. BVG 27..nch Blac^Taffeta-An extra 20-inch B.acK Peau de So.e-Extra heavy, J^^S^^^ fZ?**^
$ Boys' Golf Shirts-Good quality of pirTale Ne ." . Gr a ", Ll nenB.t.ste- Natural color 30 F.ne White Ind.a L.non- Sheer ,„ weave and- Hant luster 6 i, k , . guarantecd to wear . w ; n superb finish; . su.table for Aim, waists, M,, ? rA n« K_W,K
i uithp'eated fronts, in two shades of blue and ««»» ™dej yard . . • ¦,.•.• • t5O close m texture; yard . . . . 12%O make rnost satisflctory dress skirts; '^. coats, etc., and a big value at, & . ng% Genuine Cot Class Mnrtird D.sh-With
i red, cuffs to match; the swelled $,.oo shirt Satin Striped Ch.llies-Almost all wool; a T^. Welt P.ques-Medmm szc cord rjdl per yar d, on ly . . , Y . . . . ' 85C P« V"* • ..-...-.. Sf.OO " ver ' dea f ,« d * ]h ™' worth «^
£ ofthese«on,ofwhichwc secured a large . large lot to telect from, yard .. . . 35C ' M "'^ T \ ' ' ' « ' ' 2 ?F . ' ' ' C/»ej>© «f© O/>/|» 0-24 inches wide, Ji-oo, ipecial Monday . . . ... . 69O
S ouantity at a price enabling us to s-11 them „ . . t . . „¦ - ± . New Tcphyrs— Lace weave effects; created for 19-lhch Black TatfeU— Pure dye; made ex- extra quality, in a full line^ of colorings; the Genuine Cut Glass Individual Open Sal*
S Monday ' 6S0 Me . rcerzcd H * lstin S Zephyrs— Fine weave, Spring and Summer, 1902; 32 inches wide, . pressly for dress purposes and will, wear well; ! season's most popular si k for street and even- .Dishes— Round shape, dear glass, dainty
*£ Men's Handkerchiefs— "lien corded edge »«»««>" colon, newly opened," y«rd.«Oo •• rich colorings; yard. . . . . . . 40o an exceptional value; per yard .. g*~ ing dresses; our price for this qual- _ cutting,, regularly $2.40 dozen, Monday,
i Urge sire; nice, soft-finished handkerchiefs', ' ~ '¦.'' ' ' \ / * \ ••'... .yf • • • •' OOC ity, P er yard, only . . .... &&C ............. . f4O
Jf made to sell for 25c each; sale price Mon- ' : ¦ : ¦ — —^ '¦ ' , v v- ————————
jf dy ? . :¦-. . no A Big Handkerchief Bargain Ladies' Kid Lace Shoes p3 /\ Notions Low Priced.
I BterHcets*"* Comforters \ All Day Monday. | $3.50Styies-Moridaj $2.73.^% M, SSiTt'^iSS^S.iS
I J e w^] n ZrL^lt^ZtliXl if^SS^^\ linen, but a handkerchief that is extra good value one Wlth a Goodyear ;- welted eztension sole, the other M JA g F^ther-Scitch Braids, white and colored piece
| %™* ti^™?^Vrl™ b ;i \\ , at ioc; on special sale B . hand turned, both - with kid tops, patent leather tips, the |>*^ ®f snfc ' s^ , all y«d .' Vi?S " I
J» pair* only, at the special price _ QQ : | TV f "" ' "- 5fe*Vrg3 Monday only each. ... "%&* latest new style toes and the popular military heels, all Lj^ J) U=W Side Combs, new shapes, fine quality, pair . .
5 . ... v ....... *Pd£.i&€5 1 1 A .............. **¦ sizes and all widths; on special sale &*£% ma \jj 25o
f White Blanktts-Summer weight for double \\ /jf|m" J&s IS^A « bo doz-n Extra- Sheer Pore Linen Monday only— pair mSimm £ O XJ Belt Buckles, new shapes, oxidized and gold,
X beds, 64 inches vide, 4 tt». weight, a nice • * / B |l V^k . &8£ffi *<«Sq<« tt ji l- r j* \ 1 tj 1 - 1 j- .V 1 " t" *i* * 1 1 •' . -' "^ .•••• 25O
** appearing, terviceable bed cov- m _. — •' j/ /ffl • 1\^^^ JWvM W£M Handkerchiefs, direct from Bel- /SK - ¦ "Ojes _• Colo n I ai leather tips, welted extension soles, common- Dre» Shields, no rubber, no odor, pair .
$ er£g; P air . . . . . . . $1.35 '/ M il W • fast, elaborately trimmed \£ fine A >Ov. ' ¦. Oxfords — The sense or spring heels— .,. *p£* Sewing-machine Ofl, bottle . .... . 80
$ Comforters-Full ske, well covered, white % B i|l . Valenciennes lace and . insertion, Lj \S/\ SsTs^d^Si^SrS * ' •* Visa 7- 1 * -^n S ° P ffu ' "Vi •' ' C? 5 °
* I sheet cotton filling, a very ' \S \\^^^ I J|f ) dainty designs-each. . . 25O K 7 " ' SttfcSS } 3 HM^ | \, ' f' 5 ° ***"** '^^ *,£
% . Nn.P^ J&^^^^^ST Lmen Center Handkerchiefs for V^gjl kld I IT" drab color, weU made, with medium weight 12o
« - A Shoe Polisher ' women, in French designs and i \^\ " , exteSon soles - Foster Hose Supporter,, black, 500,' color,
* That'S a Winner. ' «quisite c O loring-,each. . ................. ......... '..... .....MO \.:\ "Icandthenew S C Jr Ut M Xf ° rd <;r"'' * ' V;*n ™"' 'sock^Vaste^/d;^;;*.* 7 !?
* The pic- *5<> .dozen All- Linen, Hemstitched, Hand-Embroidered Handkerchiefs, made • . T^^N. Cuban heels— per The hrgh-cut Uce Shoes . . . . . $1.7O wtite Hercules Braids, for wash dresses, all
H fr\ «cgy=»i II *--- te ]] 8 in Ireland, over 50 styles from which to make selections — each. . . . . 25c :^^w P air > oa *7' ' ' Men's Tan Shoes".— Lace style, fine quality of widths, price 2^c to ! . . . 4o yard
¦. v^qT" fj' 5/ the story. . ' . " "*' ' ¦ ¦ / . • • • $2.5D Russia calfskin in the latest shade often, — : —
J^ i&iks. I How much simpler and ¦ • :¦ .. • ; " ~~ ' ~ ! Misses* and : Children's Lace Shoes — Vici new style toes, welted extension soles — our Chatelaine BSffS.
i Xi^B =Tt£'^TS *v Extra Offerings iff Summer : " **:*,*** ™ **«'*? ;. ***"*- ; • - •-;-¦ **>** Special Sale Monday.
S Hosiery and Underwear. - : Special Sale Dress Linings. f A *2S?Zn£Z
I ?nkp L ? c A e "° se SOc-Jhe best .rvalue In • 2Oc Value on Monday Itc. . . . M gS^'Sd^;
i (WML men', and women's shoes, »llf UdleS HOSiery ever .ShOWn in thlS City ; eX- J. o uds ¦ o f 36 . inch Taffcta Skirt linings, fancy stripes on backgrounds, ¦ /\ «H wen made with welt-
K ir"*^--^ and each set is supplied with <?X\ftffi§'] \X7i finp flllfllitv Twn-Thread Lace I 1«;lp Hn<;p , . • • i_ i • j i • c L j •• n • «- / \ ' e<* «=*««, patent safety
S -^T^ box of polish and polishing i#f / ra line qU^lliy WO 1 nredO UCe, MSie^ nOSe, ; .^ stnpe! ffi nc h colorings and scraal pieces of the goods a Persian efftcts; / \ • hook,, etc., not one in
5 / *-C^T dothj. set complete, ready to WM ' HeriTlSaori DlaCK; three Very elaborate all- regular value 20c per >ard, sale price Monday only "tlC £^^s5 the lot worth less than
J - ¦• M ?^y • St'OO |f/ : :., arOUnd laCe designs, in thevivery latest Sateen, 3 6 bch, fest black, mercerked, yard . Mbreen, new, soft make, all shades, yard . W^\ MoSy^oS* ""«?
jf t . . •¦ .'|f' effects; never^ were such styles ahS qualities ',;•"¦¦ •<• *« ; •,',;';; •"¦? 0o^V*. ""';•¦ ;\* *,*^ 4 2° lr wf % qqJ
» nff~*mm~M**mm O».#«« -.*" J<£>A ct j a. 1 i_i V--- '¦ ¦ .-..•• C 1 ¦ -'. Moreen Skirting, all wool, all shades, yard . . Sk:rt Lining, 36 inch, that looks like taffeta u :-;.»:¦' H ZJiJG
j Monday Sale of Mk offered at less than jj&zpet* pair; -our.^pnee *•. ..... . ..... ... . sod . «uk, bkek and colors, yard tso V_^ udie$- oenuinT Anita.
v Rogers Tableware. X\ Monday and while quantity/ lasts.:. t£n** ' -'' : ~ ," • • , , — ., ... — : — — tor sho PP ins Purse—
\ ' Another sale of the celebrated Wm. A. Rogers 7 •.... .i^ .......... ;\ . . . .i i . . . ¦;'.¦.**.***"' Oorrept ¦ .Outlttff FsbHCS Men's 47if/Olf Suits. With inside coin pocket . ... . . 25O
S Spoons, Forks and, Knives, guaranteed full , . ¦ , , ... v ' ii - i. . , . . . ,.. , .; , _ ¦ 4 .,,.„..,. .,, for GolfinCt. Bikinit Rapidly becoming' the "My Lady's Jewel Bags"— Soft ehamoi,, to
5 Udies' Lace lisle Hoie-^Fast blaek, 12 dif- Ladies' Cotton Vests— Richelieu ribbed, low ' ¦_r\ m ¦¦".*' •¦»*"'"» most popu]ar undergar . " . be worn around the neck 25O
J. ¦ .<(5?ac*«- S== - /^^\ " ferent lace designs, high spliced heels, double neck . and. no s!eeves, nicely trimmed and agifS BathSiig COStUiTIQSm men t for men's wear ,'N \l I a d|,.» Safetv B»tf— To be worn mder the
* ~^S=^ ¦ 7 !r?"' woven J°«5 P a5r - •„• • ' • . <**» h , c^ f^g white » P ink »nd sky j,lue; A , argc a$80rtment o f mohairs, cheviots, 'can- perfect fitting, gives solid f\ "Jrfrt . . $1.25, $U75^ $2.OO '
* Udies lmpcrted Fancy Hose— Stripe., fig- each . v . . . . . . . . . . . ISO vas suitings, etc., -. bought especially for outing comfort, comes in cotton £=3* // r . « ,wi*»T t n * \ •
$ <S^^^=^ ) ..ure, and boot effects; a^select .assortment of Udi« Lishe Thread Vests-Swiss ribbed, mer- purpose,, n 0W on sale at these reasonable pricesl or wool, wKchever you W% / J Genuine Sed Wrist Ba S .nrered eham
$ y^^ S ° a f Xj^^ the latest styles; pair... . . '. :25b cerired, low neck, no sleeves, pink and sky Kch English Mohair-The best make, are in the habit of wL- Y <*< / handle, ehamoi. lined, new shape . ,>/. OO
If .j^^^rfT. r •£ Ladies' Imported Lisle Thread and Real » blue, with white hair stripe; each . . 50o very bright luster, in gray, navy,-*m, garnet, ing.' , /<\ I Genuine Suede Wrbt Bag— In black and col-
}? • !S^ O< ~7 , . ~° "*— v . Maco Cotton Ho»e— Hermtdorf black, silk Ladies' Lisle Thead Vests— Swiss ribbed, high brown and black, suittble for waists, skirts Balbriggan Union Suits, f v ' \) v on . . $1mOO
$ df > embroidered, in colors and white to the in- neck, Jong or short . sleeves, and • low neck and bathing costumes, yard ..... 5£?o nice weight. .$1.25 // \1 "~zr' : ¦
| standard p'.ate of «lver on a « percent nickel L^gJ^StSS^I^' W^SSSf b^each^ "^'^ "5^' 45-inch English Mohalr^In gray, navy, Gray Cotton Union Sdts^ \ V Portrait Enlargements-
\ silver base! and waited to g£ entire satis- §5$*$^ short Black Coltok ' SS — or garnet, an excepnonally good value, U / \ GrfVOn, P^StolO*
* J^T^^tr «O« sleeves, in ecru and white, and low necked ribbed, double knee, heel and I tolc; proper 4O . irch Str i ped MohaIr Melange—An excel- in a nice, flesh-colored Q A \ Water COiOr.
K c^ !-«T^r^n.for * ' * **«#S2 with nO 8lMV "» m eMU) plDk> 8k y" d hose for vacation; sires 5 to 9^; pair .. . knt Ht^ ;„ .^ of j^ "finish. . .$2.25 / \ \ We do aU styles of portrait enlargementi and
If sScf6TabkKfaifor* ' ' * ' ff'fil white; suit . . . 50o ..... .... . . . ,_. . . . 12%C pretty white striped effect, per yard .. 75© Gray Merino Union / ) / offer a grade of work not surpassed anywhere
* Sets of 6 Table Knives for ' : "' ' = — 45-inch' Canvas Suiting — A new, natty Suits, a weight that I [I at about half the prices that are uwaDy charged,
K . Suntntt*** ClofhlnU Great GrOCer V \ weave, m splendid -dust shaker and very de- can be worn either / 17 16x20 Crayon Enlargementi. . .... . .
>> _ aUmmeW" UrlUMMny — T J ZZ. . «« bJ e fot ««»bore wear, yard. ... .75O winter cr summer. . / Ur ...... S5Om $1 and SI. 23
I it£M£ Mnnri^. for Boys of Ail Ages Specials for Monday 47^ch striped ch.yiot-Handsome mixed _. ... .se.so H L^ i6w Water Enl!^ mcatl
* Lttt&iOrS tifiOnUa^fj „ iL , , -, ¦ „, - „ M -- .. „, .. effects, with neat stripe, just the material for Fine Quality All-wool I) . -.^ __
fcfftf m uMiisajr* yQu^ s utj _cheviots Boat Eastern Hams-Jry^ as ; ate wMng 8^ J for Ac mountain worsted Union suits, W . • • if 25
K Claret — O\ir choice table Wine, h*B&M cassimeres, in the brand once and you will always ask for them. d . • SOc in the pretty shade of blue a medium i6xao SoKd Pastel Enlargement, ..
J Monday, gallon 3Oc VK^3J newest summer styles, Although there has been another advance in 47 . inch ' c'repe ' Vigour«=ux— An exqu-dte fabric weight for this season of the year. ..$5. SO 1 6x*o All-Water Color for .. . . $G,OO
S M,H Fvtr/iA-Schiller'. best ten i' c . r,^ ifri ' vH *e correct coloring,, t* who!esaI f P rlce8 of for.summer wear, superb quality, in 10 very - —
5 Malt Extract— SchUler , best tomcj regularly \zJL ' carefully cut and made, • SisJ Ham we have not i,, n j Mm . m i,t,,« ™T^ \~ J,rA c# nn y^'v? ' ¦ rim?- - « . A *+
J .^. 7S a doren, Monday. . . . . $1.65 worth" felly 3 b percent " / changed our regular | ™«ures^pme^eryard.5/.00. . ._ . O« 0^/ 0 DrOSS Suit CdSCS
I Kentucky Belle Bourbon Whiskey-Monday, /^||lf\ more than the price we / /f pice, and Monday we M S n' S~7^mTBo~VS 7 Straw SCarfS Miioh UndorprlOOd.
$ full quart bottles.. 5 5o /fWflA ¦*. *- «» J«-I J^ nim $ ( -hall sell them per lb. and Tea Cloths. _ ' • • to Mond^
P«rf nr «\errv— Good e-vear-old win^ WtU I Jf W » men 13 to 19 years. . . /W.nnQlUri \ \ I .... » M .i3 t Ao SinVl VtMEing rtatS. - ... - , J 3 7~
% P^^^erry Good 5 year-old wine,^ L^^J . . .. . $4,95 /[(^u^ ) Rice-Fancy % Carolina Crash Hats for Men and Boys - In plain and A large lot of fine Damask Tea Ooths, Side- ff^^^i, 6
* DM LpikSn P, P-.f WW &*2r Boys* Sailor Iuits~Ex- U- W *M / Head iLr >"^^S ftney colon, b Fe- Scarfe, Bureau Scarf, and Runner, with iff
S ?tb *f jfe "IJS " staS WT quality of serge,b f. >. j t ¦ ™£. * JJLayf 7 /T\ • dora" shapes' or the f«cy 0 k weave , h I
V 31.7&; quarts, aoren . . . . §£.85 \ \ I blue, red, brown, green \~ s/ lb« jenJ* I flat crowns with ««ched, on sale to-morrow only at the fol- I « !. *
J A VHGin-The imported, in large bottles. 1 «i«^,UV \l/' ¦ 1 oS M^I^B^glE ¦-^V-^fe^* 2 "^ :¦.>«*»« -P-" ?*« ¦. Ill . II • SST Jg-P^
JC •** •••••' » lig ° LJ \J lar and shields elegantly ern, extra cream; Monday,. 10-lb sack. -\>^S^^S^^ 5 0C » 75<=-. $1.00 Tea Cloths, 36x36 inches; each, 73O - '" been in « position
5 " .- • - '. ' . MM- emb 7 Mercd ' izes for Sapolio-Enoch M&gan & Sons'; Monday, 4 ' * c ' Ron * h Br ?l d Scarfe, 20x54 bches; each . . . 58o to offer:
J LaWn CrOquet. if. ' 8?S fr ° m 3 V£ g a i 8 cakes . . . . . . . .- . . . . 25O Jm320^ t Scarfs, 18x50 inches; each . . . 48 o Lightweight Case, made of rnbbei cloth, h
If A good serviceable Croquet Set; . S S -bch Mai- i JA 1 Boy» ; Wash SaJlor s'uits- Coffee-Our family blend, a good standard quaU p7y°' brims - 7 °£ 6oc Scarfe 5 ***** bches » *%M • 38c ?** ?? '^"lu' 9
g lea, 8 balls, galvanized wickets; all b neat S^ 4 Fast color percales and * tyi .$}£ lbs., $i.oo; single lb . . ., 20o , 7*— i—^-©**^ $i.oo, $j.l S \ Bleached Damask— Good grade, 72 inches Z* locJc and catciie, and steel frame, .
j£ box with full directions for playbg the game; - *•• plab white duck, hand- Imported French Sardines— 3 tins . . 2BO 11.50,^1.85 and jia.oo. wide; yard . . . ... .... . 7Bo Genube Leather * Case* \1 mchet lm In
g would be very cheap at $1.00; special Mon- somely designed, slm for boys 3 to 10 yean, Champion or Fri. co Lunch Crackeri-Lb. Pear! Fedoras— The new Panama ihape- Dinner Napkins-Bleached Iri,h Linen, ax the niee nmet color' bra* memntbn tnd
5 **J • S7O our price. ........ . .$t.0O '. . ...;.,,.. ... . . IOC $l.Ss,.$3'°o. inches ,quare; doren . . . . . . $1.35 ,t e d frame, only . $2.85
tf ¦ ¦ '. ¦'¦.¦¦.'"¦-'¦ ; : " '•¦.,;¦-.•.'-¦'¦¦ .- '-"'¦', . .»'-'
AD VEBTTSE MENTS.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being: mailed to all who
¦will write to the Btate Medical Institute.
They cured bo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Bufferings of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to aU who write. It Ik a
home treatment and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
lose of strength end memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts can
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
strength end development Just where it
Is needed. It cures all the ills and trou-
bles that com* from years of misuse of
the natural functions and has been an
absolute success In all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Eiek-
tron building. Fort Wafne. Ind., Eiat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The Institute Is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free 6amples will enable them to sea
how easy it Is to b« cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that Its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment or publicity.
Headers are requested to write without
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Hen.
¦ U U 111 Js£%ZM&i'} k^.J-
EYPiisin (TQii w&9- f j*% I
AulldllguUi m -&&XJ $
Get Good Ones from- Dreiler, wP^WPKhJ^ ' J
the Great Painless Dentist. \^ -^^gjjgy^ y
$14 Sets of Teeth for. . .$4,00 i^^^^^%^^^
$10 Gold Crowns for.... $3,00 ""^m^^^ :
Gold Fillings. .. .50c and $1,00;
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL CO. OF NEW YORK.
8»a fnaeisee Ptrlon 1104 Xsrket St, Cor. Turk. 0p«B Evniag* tad Svadayi t s> a. to t f. a. -OSCAR WEIL, MAN OF MUSIC,
MODESTLY TALKS OF
HIS ART.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN D. : SPr< ECKELS,; Proprietors . "¦ " -Address Communications to W. i>." LEAKE. Manager
SUNDAY .;.._...;•:..;.... :..... .^.... .\.-.. ;......;............. ¦.:>.. y .-.'.'.Y.:.. :........^...VMAY n, 1902
Publication Office ......'..-....• ...S .... <^^^^^^> :.'....... ............ Market and Third S. F.
-.'•-. ; ¦ : • ¦.-,.-->. ¦ •-/ - ¦¦¦;.- :V':'i : -¦ . ' . .'• ¦','•'. ¦ ¦¦ ' ;.- , . -. - ¦:•¦¦¦¦¦-»¦:. --• .-.. .- • , ¦
. THIS .SAN fFKj^NCISCO CAI/L, U SUNDAY, MAY 11," 1902.
BY GUISARD.
BEAUTY IS NICE TO HAVE
WHEN ONE'S POSITION
IS ASSURED.
It is about time now for citizens to begin thinking of their political duties and to remem
ber that every! one! m^ little while; but
action .'should not be postponed 1 too long. .; .
The Martinique disasteri will doubtless
islands in. the West Indies. Jsland : prbperty m thatpart PPS
• A Boston investigator lias discovered that a good many^ office. girls in that city: make their
luncheon on cakes; puddings and whipped ; cream\concoctions;, accompanied by strong coffee;
and he has advised them to eat r spinach and dandelions for a^change:,^^r'.Thetabsence'offany^ refer
ence to beans maybe due tb^the . fact that the- dish is npt.deemed- appropriate for lunch in that
part of the country, but we : don^
prunes, which are much better than New ; England : spinach in taste; substance; delicacy and
reputation.'- /- .-.. ' :"- ". v\ ¦¦;.¦. W ¦••..- \ . -.V- ; -' ' '.. - : '¦/ ¦/¦'/¦¦./
ONE WOMAN'S WAY.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ . .¦>¦;•- ¦ - - ' ' - *
' " ~ ~. -.',.-¦¦" ....... . , - . . ¦
SINCE Princess Catherine Radziwill has been convicted .in South Africa of forgery and sen
tenced to two years' imprisorfment,' European correspondents have been -busy furnishing
the American people with accounts of her career and explanations of her crime. Of allthese
accounts that of De Blowitz/ the famous correspondent of the London Times, is at once
the most authoritative and jtlie most interesting. According to De Blowitz the.,Princess went to
her doom not, because she was 'infatuated with Rhodes, whose name she torged, but because she
believed him to be infatuated with her and she wished to save him and to help him.
. The Princess, who is a Pole by birth, has had a career that is a -melodrama. : In addition
to her high birth she has been honored as the possessor of the : grand cross of -the Bavarian order
of St. Therese. Her husband seems to be a worthless sort of man/ for it is said he has not only
dropped out of his wife's life, butout of social'- recognition as welL One of his brothers, how
ever, is an aide.de camp of the Kaiser and a knight of the Black Eagle. Thus both by birth and
by marriage the Princess has a hold upon the magnates of the -world and might have been ex
pected to get through it without going to prison. Unfortunately she was dowered with the fatal
gifts of beauty and of fascination^ and her life has been. tragic. r : .
Early in her career that brilliant Russian general and "diplomat/ Count Skobeleff, fell in love
with her and when she, rejected his advances he jj killed himself by poison in the midst of an orgy
he had arranged for that very purpose. , . The. fate of Skobeleff deeply irnpresse'd^ the Princess, and
when in after years Cecil Rhodes fell under her spell she feared he would become desperate like
Skobeleff and commit some mad act that would increase her remorse. She hastened to South
Africa to save him from that fate, but Rhodes had shaken off his infatuation and when " she ar
rived she found herself abandoned. Then'she plunged into all sorts of enterprises and soon be
came involved in debt. At first Rhodes helped her, but when she 'became more seriously entan
gled he refused to see her. Then came the forged notes and the ruin. X .
It is a ! chapter of history that beats romance, and there may be other chapters to come. The
Princess is not dead yet, and two : years in prison will not lessen her fascination, nor herdesire to
tell her side of the story : ; and '/.get some' strongf'man to "champion it. 'U '
FiROM the hither side of the t foot-.
r lights I have for two weeks' been
j religiously admiring the fine art of
Nat Goodwin and the beauty and
. art "of Maxine Elliott, his wife.
Much beyond her former accomplishment
has the charming actress achieved and
Is yet far from the end of her capacities.
I went to see her the other day at the
Actors' Home benefit 1 , with the steadfast
intention of avoiding the stereotyped com
pliments to her beauty with which every
person that comes within range deluges
her, but I had reckoned without my
hostess. Beautiful before the footlights,
she is dazzling behind, and before I knew
what ¦ I was saying Miss Elliott had
smilingly exclaimed:
. "Don't be asinine!"
Then 6he began to tell me the trouble*
of the beautiful woman. , '_
"Beauty is a very nice thing to have
when your position is assured," she said,
quite frankly, "before, it is simply a
nuisance and a handicap on the stage.
It will gain you a hearing, true, and you
can always have a position as a-.clothes
horse, but outside of that, no!
"My first' part consisted of just six lines,
and because I was — remarkable, the
audience thought that I - should have
made much more of my opportunity. But
It was not in the play! The audience will
permit bad work, indifferent work, from
the insignificant-looking actress, but let
a woman be— remarkable., and they im
mediately pounce upon her weaker efforts
as worthy of a particular and ! special
reprobation. Think if it is not so."
"But there is this kind of thing," and
I pointed to' the exquisite bouquet of
roses that Miss Elliott' was caressing, the
offering of a stage hand to the beautiful
woman- who spoke so disdainfully of her
gift of loveliness. .
"True," she -smiled. . -''But -..who is it
who comes to" the. top from the rank and
file? Not the beauty, not the woman who
has only her face to commend her. It is
the Duses, the ' Fiskes, the first case a
woman entirely independent of physical
charms. only thing that beauty does,
so far as, I see, is to thrust one into a
premature prominence, as I was thrust;
to make people expect of you more th» - n
they, have the right to expect; or, what
is worse, to expect nothing; at all from
you. • . -
"Then, when one makes -a little pro
gress, as one must, or retrograde, people
have a charming way of expressing sur
prise, as If one were not governed by the
same - laws that govern other students.
Hath not a beauty hands, eyes? "
"Yes, yes," I muttered; "eyes, indeed!"
and the Elliott eyes, large, liquid, and
probably gTay, flashed amused annoy
ance at the interruption. ; ' ¦¦*:'~
• "This is your last season with "When
We Were Twenty-One,' is it not?" I
asked.
"Yes," .said -Miss Elliott. "Next sea
son—Mr. > Goodwin and I will -play to
gether for another year, you know— we
shall have either another Esmond play,
or one by Haddon ' Chambers, or Miss
Ryley." • :. ....
VHave you decided yet in what to make
your debut as a separate star?" '-.)'
"Not yet. However, < I may say that
Mr. Fitch. is writing a play; for me."
."Have you- no. Shakespearean- or Ibsen
aspirations?"; I -asked. -
' '.'No," confessed. Miss Elliott. "I like
to play in society comedy, . or anything
else that people like me in.".
;*Is it . really true that Mr. Goodwin
never suggests anything, in the way. of
.•business', to you in any of your perform
ances?'; , .-. -
"Quite true/! the lady said. "He does
nothing in any of -our scenes— I wish he
would!" f$&83$£4&£t
"You &>. soon to London again; don't
your*. I asked. • . .
: "Yes,", Miss Elliott said. "You know
people think it strange that we have our
home . there.' But , London is the only
place where we • stay any, length of time
four months ¦: in ; alL ' -We are ' traveling
here -the 'rest; of; the time, so wehave
a small houae in. New York and a large
"I have more unprinted than printed
;tuff," Mr. Well began after owning up
to the operas. "The larger things are,
firstly, not so much desired (from so un
important a person as I am), and, sec
ondly, one Is not anxious to let them go
until one is convinced that they are at
least as all right as one can make them.
And I am never too satisfied with my
stuff. There is a symphonic overture
given several times at the Crystal Palace
in London," by tjie.way, an oratorio, "The
Passion," several things for. chorus and
orchestra, a violin sonata arid much else
among the great unprinted, and there
probably they will 6tay.
VA man who does much teaching- finds
it ¦ very hard to get the repose for com
position, and I am content to do smaller
things when iri the mood. Once In a'
while I fish out a little bunch and print.
•Then I may go on for several years and—
except to do work for study— quite . for
get that 1 ever had the ambition to be
a composer. Truth to tell, I am more in
terested in the work of my pupils than in
my own attempts. What 1 have left of
.ambition is for them."
"What -of your own things do you pre
fer, Mr. Weil?" I asked. .
"Oh, I don't know. There are some
things for women's \'olces, one in canon
form, that I should have thought rather
good if some other fellow had done
them," he replied. (These, by the way,
are among the most delightful examples
of concerted work for female voices.)
"Possibly my most important work is
that for the use of children," he went
on, " the 'Six Sonatinas' I perhaps think
best of. I did three operettas for chil
dren with H. C. Bunner that 'were great
fun to do." (I filled in later this list of
children's literature that includes eleven
pianoforte pieces, op: 6 (Breitkopf and
Hartel); six vignettes (Ditson); twenty
four miniatures (Cranz, Hamburg); sev
eral sets of etudes and many songs. The
other piano work includes -perhaps fifty
pieces, the more important being ¦ the
lovely "Ballade" in G minor, and the so
nata in F. The list counts also some
charming numbers among the "Valses,"
"Fantasiestucke," "Feuillettes," etc.
: "But, after all, we know you best here
by your songs," I suggested. "And, tell
me, don't you sometimes write your own
verse?" -. -
Mr. Weil smiled and admitted that he
did, occasionally. "I usually sign them
'from the Norwegian,' 'from the Basque,'
'from the Portuguese,' don't you know?"
Whereby' it will be seen that it is not
always the country's fault if prophets go
unhonored at horn.e. ¦
The Well songs are many and beautiful
One of the most popular Nordica sang
here a short while ago. Possibly those
written to -the Goethe texts are best
known. They have a large vogue in Ger
many. Then there are the well-known
songs with violin obligato - (op. 10) five
German songs, another violin series later
and finer, and yet another set (op. 28)
The latest, just' in print (op 31, 32), com
prise three Shakespearean songs, ' ve"ry
characteristic, full and quaintly flavored
and three dainty modern ¦ songs. There
are .to come also three trios for women's
voices and pianoforte (op: 33), three Eng
lish songs (op. 34) and six songs in canon
for women's voices (opr 35).
Besides these . things • Mr. Well found
time, as I have learned from' other
sources, when he was a very young man
to study violin with David and' Lalo in
Pa T i^i, to Btud y the piano with Moscheles
and Plaidy: to kneel on a mat at Leipsic
with other fanatics to hear "Lohengrin."
first chapter of the gospel of Wagner: to
go to war with the New York Regiment
In the early sixties, and after a year spent
in the Llbby Prison to get himself made
fJS^°Ji ? e als0 spent some years with
'The.- Ideals."- whence descended- "The
Bostonl&ns," with whom he also served
time as director; While he was with '.'The
Ideals" the young Impertinent was doing
such things as interpolating acts in "La
Filie du Regiment" and taking like liber
ties with other less sacred creations. Then
came art criticism for.many years on The
Critic of New York, and there are few
musicians here who forget . the deft and
playfully Ironic pen that dealt with mat
ters musical on the. , Argonaut , not very
leng ago. As a critic, to a comprehensive
knowle dge he adds acute i judgment, an
almost feminine trick'of intuition and an
•frolt, epigrammatic fashion of expres
£i on * . Tne n- h « ' was • co-conductor with
Theodore Thomas in New York for some
time, and only the good Lord knows what
dSQ»
"So, you see, there's not much to talk
about, afUr al " Mr. Well modestly con
cluded. He will be surprised to ; find how
SAN FRANCISCO MUSICIAN
WHO HAS PUBLISHED SOME
NEW SONGS.
An engagement of notable Interest In
dramatic circles will be that of Miss
Maude Fealy, who comes shortly to the
Grand' Opera-house/ Miss Fealy tsrkno'wn
as one of the youngest leading ladies on
the stage. She Is now only 19, and counts
already two. seasons with William Gil
lette in "Sherlock Holmes." She first
came into prominence In the original pro
duction of that ' much produced play
"Quo Vadis" as Eunice, when only 16,
and since then has rapidly come forward.
The Grand Opera-house has secured Miss
Fealy for seven weeks, the latter four
of which will also see Edward Morgan at
the same place, the season promising
much of interest. "The Little Minister"
will be the first production of the Fealy
season, to be followed by "The Adven
tures, of Lady Ursula" and "Lady
Dainty." With Mr. Morgan Mis* Fealy
will appear in "Romeo and Juliet." among
other events of note. • .
. The Frawley Company follows with a
repertoire of new plays, and then willJ
come an excellent attraction In the shape'
of brave Denis O'Sullivan, who win make
his first appearance on the dramatic stags
in a Boucicault programme. . to Include
"Shaughraun." "Arrah Ma Pojrue" and
"The Colleen Bawn." - .
Ir the repertoire of plays that win be
offered by Frederick Warde this summer
at the California Theater, the Otis Skin
ner edition of "Francesca da Rinalni" to
ncted. Good for Mr. Warde.
C&L glace fruit 50c per lb at TowoMndTaP
Prunes stuffed with apricots. TownseadTs,*
Townsend's California glace fruit. S0o »
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets, A nice present for Eastern friend*
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building; •
Special information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Catt
fornia street. Telephone Main- 1042. *
On the strength of a small appropria
tion by the St. Louis Board of Education,
BOO shade trees will be planted on the city
school grounds this spring.
r? Going to Thunder Mountain ft
To* Northern Padso Railway Is th» b*»t,
cheapest and quickest rout*. Prow L»w!»toa
and Elites. Idaho. th»r« ar» coed wacoo road*
to cither Warrens or Dixie, rrota which points
th« trail* Into tht» district tn moat accessible
For nttoa. etc.. addresa T. X. STATELJia,
O. Jl.. .6*7 Market St.. S. F.
Africa promises to rival South Amerlea
and the West Indies as a producer of
cocoa. .
"For no other reason— I have been there
only to pass through— than that my fa
ther married a second time and went
there to live," Mrs. Goodwin smiled.
Then, jumping up, she said: "But Cali
fornia is all right. I love the place, the
flowers and the sunshine, and it was just
a mistake- my not being born here.**
one in London. They liked "When We
Were Twenty-One* quite well there. And
•Sherlock Holmes' has been one of the
largest successes of late years."
"You know, Oakland has a fashion of
claiming you. Miss Elliott," I said.
{ ( m NYTHING but myself." This
/\ was the highly characteris
r"\ tic but hardly encouraging
/ \ reply of Mr. Oscar Weil, to
•* request that he should
"talk" for me for these columns, and
my readers' edification-
It has long been my purpose to try to
make better known a few home people
to another few who would be the better
for knowing them, and as the Zeislers
and Hoffmans have taken off their illus
trious selves for a brief space, I Judged
this to be my opportunity. Naturally,
Mr. Weil, as at once the best and least
known man of music in town, suggested
himself as the most fitting subject for a
first sketch. But Mr. Weil thought other
wise — as 1 knew he would — and when I
asked if he would say something for the
paper he replied, with the delightful cor
diality of a man who will give you every
thing but the thing you want:
"Of course I will— of anything but my
self."
Trusting to luck, I suggested the pres
ent standing of the divine art in Califor
nia as subject, ard the following day at
Mr. Well's house fcr a time. This pleas
ed, and the following afternoon found me
in the composer's workroom, with its
picturesque litter of half-finished scores,
choice books, and music-laden piano, not
forgetting the characteristic cigarette., all
disposed in the orderly disorder that is
the despair of housemaids and the de
light of genius. Everything proper to the
picture, in short, was there — but Mr.
Weil, and for a brief second I feared the
brave soldier— for to his other accom
plishments Major Weil adds the art of
soldiery — had run away from the Inter
viewer. Not so, however. A little weary
from the day's teaching, he soon made
bis appearance end diplomatically propos
ed, as a pipe of peace was out of the
question, to make a pacific cup of tea.
The tea turned out to be as clever as
lnost of the things Mr. Weil does, and
with a Charles Lamb-like dissertation on
the virtues of the sacred leaf, a litUe ex
cursion into the art of Corot— suggested
by a photographed wonder of the light
nr.d shimmer of a Corot landscape — and
the sketching of the future Well orches
tra, that Is to contain among other riches
sixteen tympani, the teacups were emp
tied, refilled, and filled again.
And the tea had its usual expansive
way. In a little while, under its genial
influence, Mr. Well had departed slightly
from his customary masterly reserve
about his work and the things - that are
his, and had confessed to several«beset
ting distinctions.
There are four operas to begin with,
three/ that have attained celebrity, one.
"Pyramus," an early and experimental
¦work and a comparative failure. "Pyg
malion," a dramatic work and a respect
ful perversion of Gilbert's play," as its
author phrases it, was a great success.
The comic opera, "Surette," written in
three weeks to supply a promised tenth
opera to the list of the Bostonlans on one
of their visits here, is one of the pret
tiest light operas on the stage— not ac
cording to the composer, needless
to eay. "A War-Time Wedding," an
operatic melodrama, was also much of
a success during the palmy days of the
Bostonlans. The opera was withdrawn
with the secession of Jessie Bartlett Da
vis from the company, but will be revived
again next season, with the famous
contralto in her original role.
YOUNGEST LEADING WOMAN ON
THE STAGE, WHO WILL APPEAR
AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
'- ¦ ' '' ¦ ¦•'' ' ¦' • ¦' '¦ ' ¦•¦ ' •"¦¦¦¦.•'•'•¦ v " - '¦" • : •¦¦-¦-••¦ • • . .- •' .". -¦ " . ¦ .» ¦. ; ; vv;
BY the appalling calamity which. has befallen Martinique public attention is ; startled once
more into a -recognition of the dread powers which are in operation within the earth, and..
; which • as yet are -but dimly -understood even by ihe most enlightened science; The forces
that play or rage upon the -surface of the globe are mighty, but they are as nothing to
those within. . Cyclones and floods, tempests and tidal waves, are but slight" things in comparison
with the forces : generated by the interior heat that'at times' shatters the surface -'with earthquakes
or bursts forth in volcanic eruptions "that^^ri6t7orilydVer\v ; helm cities and widespread* districts, but
wreck whole islands, disrupt their mountain peaks and sink them into the sea. - '. : • •-..
Science is as yet uncertain as to the origin or the nature of \ these vast seismic disturb
ances. There are as many theories about themas.there are scientists. As yet the whole subject
is but ,a matter of speculation more or less insecurely founded. vThere are 1 easons for believing that
the globe of the earth is. solid to its core. There are equally good reasons for believing that
within the interior iliere is a. mass of fiery liquid. '.Learned authprities . can; be cited, to sustain
either of those/views, but no.man- has .yet been sufficiently learned to, prove his theory with the
exactness of an indisputable demonstration. ¦; ;
Among the most interesting speculations arid studies upon the subject are those which
seek to trace- a connection between the. mighty disturbances, that occur in the giant globe of the
sun and the earthquakes of our globed Careful observations extending over. ?. long period of time
have shown that .there is at least- a coincidence between astronomical and geological cataclysms. It
has been noted that when a magnetic' storm is in progress it often happens that there is a volcanic
eruption, that subterranean noises are, heard and that the grounH trembles violently over a wide
tract of country. It. is not,; however, the whirlwinds and eruptions of the sun only that coincide
with earthquakes and volcanoes, for recent researches^show that at certain. epochs the" moon, the
planets and even comets seem to stimulate .the activity of the subterranean forces, h
These coincidences have led many eminent men to hold that there is a. sea of fire within the
interior of the earth having a tide whose ebb and' flow are subject to the same sidereal influences
as the tides of the ocean; and when the influence of sun, moon and stars is greatest, the subterra
nean tide rnges in vast st'.irhis that shake the earth or break forth into volcanic eruptions and vent
their strength upon the air. ¦ . ' . , v
Arnold Boscowitz of Paris, after an elaborate review of all the known facts and all the
learned theories -upon thfc subject; says in* his work on earthquakes and* volcanoes: "Universal and
all penetrating, dreadful and beneficent cause of life and death, heat is perhaps the most active
of .all the essential "principles 'of nature: This powerful agent has 'its home in the interior of the
earth, as we can test for ourselves by descending into a mine or looking down a volcano. I do
riot refer to a central fire, for I do not know whether such fire exists, 1 or .whether heat is. greater
at the center of the globe than in other parts, but what we can assert is that the effluvia of heat
do circulate in the interior of the ; planet. . * * * * We see torrents and flames of boiling lava
pouring forth from these depths, within which the rain and water which i filter through the crevices
of the' earth are instantaneously: "converted into vapor. * * . * But I also believe the celestial
bodies stimulate the subterranean forces/ and that the sidereal influences which descend from heaven
to earth penetrate into its depths.^ It would seem as if the moon especially must produce in the
fiery^matter of the abyss an agitation ..similar to that to which she gives birth on the ocean."
However ignorant man may be of the causes of volcanoes and of earthquakes he is not
ignorant of their awful powers and terrible effects;' .History abounds with instance after instance
of appalling calamities' caused by them. Since, the, day of the destruction of Pompeii down to this
latest cataclysm there have been a multitude of their fearful outbursts. Thai at Lisbon, which de
stroyed upward of 60,000 lives and wrecked one of the most solidly built 'capitals in Europe, was
the most destructive of property of which we have any clear record. It did i:ot, however, display
the most tremendous force. Among others that exceeded it was the eruption in the Straits of
Sunda, in 1 883, .which \ broke out first . from the vQlcano^of Krakatoa, continued until no less than
forty-five, craters in Java we're in full blast, and literally shattered and sunk mountains and islands.
The suddenness of the destruction constituted in some .instances . one of the most dread
features of the catastrophe. Within one minute the city of Mendoza, in the Argentine Republic,
was reduced to ruins and 16,000 people crushed to death. In twenty seconds nearly 17,000 per
,ished at Caracas. The earthquake at Riobamba in 1797 is estimated to have killed 120,000 in a few
minutes. The shock that destroyed. Lisbon lasted only five seconcjs, and the final catastrophe that
overwhelmed St. Pierre was not above three minutes in duration. .
Amid these shocks of earthquake and volcanic fires man has v played his part with a virtue
superior to the calamity that befell him. We are told that at St. Pierre, while the fiery rain
was descending and death impended over land and. sea, the captain of the French cruiser Suchet
held to his ppst in the port/ lowered his boats,, sent them through showers of boiling mud and
redhot sand to rescue the crews of wrecked ships and succeeded' in saving manyv Similar deeds
of heroism have occurred at every cataclysm of ; the kindj and the Roman sentinel who upon the
•excavation of Pompeii was found standing dead at his post is'but one of many heroes who have
met the dread disaster with an unflinching, firmness: Thus the outbursts of even these dread powers
of nature serve but to show that the human soul flourishes immortal— "unhurt amidst the war of
elements; the wreck of matter and the crash of worlds." •- .
NATURE'S DPtE JlJD POWER.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
24
C^TUNEsl
I IN 1
I rubber!
Rabb«r hai Increased 100 per 11
cent ln-prlc« duringr the last I]
ten y«an. With Increased ft]
demfLnfl the price will go Hi
higher and higher. Why not 1
be numbered amonc those I
who supply the crude rub- II
ber, and ¦hare In the for- II
tunes that are being raadtf IM
On< acre will pay a profit JJu
of S200 to (400 p*c y*ar. and Vl
fi by our pl&n of investment tnJn
h will cost only a trlfllnjj sum. 1JB5J
It We have prepared the most f^a
jj exhaustive and accurate de- wr
1 1 ecrlptlon and report on this w^\
11 subject ever i printed in /\fj
¦ America. It is free to those AJT
It who ask for. it.' and can b€ I \3
I relied upon as dealing only f>J»
B with facts. It describee the kAl
11 native manner of procuring V^*J 1
M rubber and contains a wealth K.M
1 I of lntereetlng reading. Write V/Sl
j I for it today. L*^S
I CONSfRVaiVC BUBBER .^rOl
t\ PRODUCTION CO. J&YSV
«B «J Farrott Bid*.. /VjJ L \ \ T
Jtk San Francigco. Cal -/5C>5f/j j V
Mr- creates perfect eompltxions f I
M ind prompt! the skia to per- 0
m form its highest functions; it If
id imparts that fresh, healthful if
H glow that so oftea disappears fl
aft witli youth; removes ' . I
I TAM* SUNBURN, PIMPUS.
¦ BLOTCHES. MUDDINCSS, MOTS B
¦ AND LIVER PATCHES B
B Sold by druggists and fl
« general dealers at 50c a M
¦ Dot :?« or direct from us. 'M
n Prepaid, - for 60c.
¦ . -T"* 1 . bottle and -
f alrections for 10c.
f LB.BARRlNOTON&Ga"\SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY TOWNS
FETE THE SAN FRANCISCANS
THE SA2T FRANCISCO CALL, lSUNDAY v MA.Y, 11^ 1902.
25
. , CRIPPLE CREEK.'; Colo., May 10.— A
I than 'who' is belie vel to: have been 'W. W
' Baldwin and to have been connected with
the firm of Baldwin Bn'is.'.' hardware deal
. ers, -' of ,-; Lincoln. ¦ N\?br.. ¦•' was burned . to
death to-day in a fire which destroyed
t the. Sherman House , and half a dozen
! other small buildingrs on Meyers avenue Jn
this "city. The property loss was C only
Meets 3>eath in! Blazing' Hotel.
COXCORDIA. Kans.. May 10. — Fire last
night destroyed the principal portion of to*
town of Ames.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., May 10.— One of
the four students elected to-day as reg
ular editors of the Harvard Lampoon wa*
Roy Pier '(8 of Riverside, Cal. The other
men were W. N. Taylor. Pittsburg; C. H.
Lawrence, Bvanston. 111., and R. G. Ful
ler, Brookllne. To be elected to the staff
of the Lampoon is counted as great an
honor as a scholarship, for it is one of
the oldest student publications in the uni
versity, as well as one of the two leading
ones, the Dally Crimson being the other.
Calif ornian a Harvard Editor.
WASHINGTON. "May 10.— The Senate to-day
oc r.flrmed Eugene F. Ware of Kansas as Com
missioner of Pensions.
NEW YORK, May 10.— A double funeral
for Paul Leicester Ford, the author, and
i Malcolm Ford, the brother who killed
Paul and himself on Thursday, was held
to-day from the late residence of Paul
Ford. After the ceremony in the house
the two bodies weTe taken to Sleepy Hol
low Cemetery, Tarrytown. They were
buried in different parts of the Ford fam
ily plat. Bishop Edward Burgess of Long
Island read the funeral service.
Burial of the Ford Brothers.
George J. Boardman, formerly of the
Twentieth Infantry, said he had never
witnessed but one instance of water cure.
He told how the natives would open, fire
on tbe» Americans and conceal their guns
when~ the soldiers approached and claim
to be friendly. He also related : the cir
cumstances of . the murder . of a Filipino
boy by natives, because he was friendly
to the Americana. The witness also told
of the conduct of natives with guns, say-
Jng they would flre at the soldiers, and
that * when the latter , approached they
would , conceal their, weapons and greet
them pleasantly. Irr one instance of this
kind a Filipino party had been taken into
custody and the place of the concealment
of their guns was secured by taking the
men, one at a time, and firing oil a gun
after. threatening, them with death In the
hearing of the. entire party. None of them
were hurt, but the proceeding had the
effect of so frightening those left -behind
that a confession was secured. •-;¦.
- On the other hand the Senators objected
to the House provision imposing a consti
tution on the Philippines during a period
preceding independence. This . provision
also • will • be modified. In other respects
the joint Philippine bill will combine the
main features of the Democratic bills in
the Senate and House providing for ulti
mate Independence of the Philippines. The
new measure has not yet been drafted,
however, so that its details cannot be
given.
Private William J. Gibbs, Ninth Infan
try, continued his testimony before the
Pnilippine Committee to-day, giving ad
ditional details about the Salmgiga af
fair. He said he had never seen the water
cure administered, but had heard the
groans of victims. He heard of one death
as a result of the cure. Dirty water and
salt water were used for the cure, which
was generally administered by scouts.
Gibbs said the i'llipino women were very
virtuous. Filipino prisoners and the sick
were treated well, as were the peaceful
natives generally. The orders were to
treat them with kindness.
It was stated to-day by one of the con
ferees thatalthough the meetings are still
In progress a general understanding has
been reached on certain main features of
concession on each side.- The House
members objected to the Democratic
measure in the Senate,/ which provides for
a joint protectorate over the Philippines
by the United States, Great BritahvGer
many and other countries entering into
treaty agreement for such protectorate
It Is understood that this provision will
be eliminated or much modified.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— As a result of
numerous conferences between Democrat
ic Senators and Representatives it i^i ex
pected that a measure on the present
status of the Philippines will be, agreed
on by the minority in . both houses and
Introduced in each house as a Democratic
substitute for the Philippine civil govern
ment bill.
Bailey contended that the United StaUi
should not send a special Embassador to
the, coronation of England's King or to
the coronation of any ruler when the
country thus honored did not extend a
like courtesy to the United States on th«
inauguration of a President. After con
siderable discussion the amendment wai
withdrawn and' the bill was passed.
Subsequently Bailey offered a resolution,
which will be considered later, covering
the point mentioned in his amendment.
The House to-day transacted soma
minor business. Including the passage ot
a resolution to print the 500 copies of th»
Jefferson Bible, and then laid aside publlo
business to pay tribute to the memories
of the late Representative Rufus K. Poka
of Pennsylvania and the late Senator
Kyle of South Dakota.
"WASHINGTON. May 10.— A lively de
bate in the Senate to-day upon an amend
ment to the army appropriation bill of
fered by Bailey of Texas, providing that
part of the appropriation made by tha
measure should . be used in defraying tha
expenses of the special embassy to tha
coronation of King Edward VII of Eng
land.
Words on Edward's
Coronation.
- . •
Senator Bailey Has Some
Philippine Bill Will Soon
Be Ready for Pre
; mentation.
OMAHA, Kebr.. May 10.— Coroner
Brailey to-day impaneled a jury and pro
ceeded to the home of Judge Eller, accom
panied by the Sheriff, and»demanded that
he be permitted to hoifi an inquest' over
the remains of Donald Eller, the Judge's
son, who died under Christian Science
healing.
Judge. Eller opened a window and in
formed the Sheriff that in order to hold
fhe inquest he would have to break down
three doors, tear the American flag from
the coffin and break a lock with whi^h
the coffin was secured. He paid he would
offer no personal resistance. , but would
not aid the Coroner In any manner. The
Coroner decided to make no attempt to
enter and withdrew.
cial After Death of a Chris
tian Scientist.
Peculiar Conditions Confront an Offi-
CORONER NOT WILLING
TO OPEN THE COFPIN
In recognition of the activity of The San
Franclpco Call in calling: public attention to the
resources of the San Joaquin Valley in connec
tion with the work of the development of Cen
tral and Southern California the San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association, in session at
Portervllle this 10th day of May, 1902. hereby
tenders its sincere thanks to The Call for the
valued service rendered and pledges its hearty
¦upport to The Call In a continuation of Its
efforts in that direction.*
San Joaquin Valley Commercial As
sociation Is Pleased.
FRESNO, May 10.— The San Joaquin
Valley Commercial Association met to
day in Porterville. Arthur E. MIot, man
ager of the Los Anseles bureau of'in
formation, reported on the work done, in
that city In the past three months. A
discussion followed as to the advisability
of continuing to advertise in this manner
during the summer months. Several of
the representatives expressed the opinion
that if the expense in their counties could
be lessened for the present it would be
easier to get large subscriptions at the
beginning of the tourist season. -
James A. Barr of Stockton spoke of the
new promotion club organized in San
Francisco and of the work which It pro
posed to do. He suggested that an effort
be made to obtain from the club assist
ance in maintaining the Los' Angeles
agency. A committee of three, consisting
of Ben M. Maddox, C.. P. Brown' and W
N. Harris, was appointed to endeavor to
raise funds from outside sources for con
ducting the work. Barr's appointment as
a member of the promotion club was rat
ifled.
The following resolution was adopted
at the close of the meeting:
GIVES TTTATTKS TO THE CALL.
LAWMAKERS NEAR
AN AGREEMENT
TEXAN OBJECTS
TO AN EMBASSY
VRTHEID, Southeastern Transvaal. May 10.
— Natives whose kraals were recently burned
by burghers '.attacked . a '¦"" Boer • laager in the
vicinity of, Scheeper" 8 Nek, May 5, and killed
thirty-two - Boers. ¦ .'¦ .
boro and Rossi of the Italian Swiss Col
ony, owners of the extensive property. ,
ONE OF THE PLACE8 VISITED BY THE^SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS
MEN'S PARTY, AND TWO SAN JOAQUIN, VALLEY RESIDENTS WHO
HAVE HELPED TO. ENTERTAIN THE TOURISTS.
man, George H. Ismore, Sanford Bennett,
L,L Heynejnann and M. , S. Alexander.
WELCOMED BY VETERANS!
Hanford was the scene of a- striking
demonstration. When the train rolled
into the station the people of Hanford and
the Grand Army veterans, with a. band,
were drawn up. on the platform. They
tendered an escort to the merchants and
marched with them to a grove, passing
through the business streets of Hanford.
In the grove Commander McCord of Mc-
Pherson Post of the . Grand Army ' called
the gathering to order. District Attorney
Rower. Irwin made 4 a speech, in which he
said to the San Franciscans: ' .
"Our interests are your interests and
your interests are ours. We want your
support." •. .'-...• ; ¦ .
F. J. Symmes spoke of the work which
San Francisco had undertaken. He also
referred to the Grand Army veterans -so
feelingly that he drew tears to the eyes
of some of them. ¦ • '
Hon. H/G. Casper said: "There is but
one United States and but one California.
The San Joaquin Valley is the heart of
California."
Andrea Sbarboro spoke of the promo
tion committee and its purposes.
Some laughter-, was caused when
Symmes, alluding to the tour, of the mer
chants, said, "We visited Visalia and in
spected the pavements." ' .
Philo L. Case, the drummer boy of Shi
loh, was called for and beat the roll. The
Grand Army veterans escorted the mer
chants to their : cars " and . the train de
parted amid cheers all along the line.
CLASP HANDS WITH FEESNO.
The climax of the day's festivities was
reached in Fresno, when Andrea Sbar
boro, in behalf of the- business men of
San Francisco, standing with outstretched
hand, clasping the right hand of Mayor
Stephens of' Fresno, while the businesg
men of the two cities vied with one an
other in noisy' approval of . the sentiment
and act; said:' '. . ' . :
"We extend to you the embrace of San
Francisco." - - , ' • ¦
The San Franciscans and Fresno busi
ness men had dined, -the former as guests
of the latter; . Mayor Stephens, j who was
introduced by President Neu. of the'Fres
no Chamber of Commerce, had told of the
realization - by Fresno of the community
of interest existing between San. Francis-,
co . and .Fresno, had pointed out, how
Fresno was becoming .the railroad center,
had described her resources and had men
tioned her seasonable and rosy anticipa
tions; the vocal strength of San Francisco
had : been exercised in songs and cheers
a nd interest had steadily grown keener.
Then, just as the dinner was about to
come to an end, Sbarboro had an Inspira
tion. He suited the crowd to a nicety.
The volume ot shouting increased and
continued some time. -Nice things .were
said by President Neu and Mayor Steph
ens about San Francisco.' | They hoped for
the greatness of. San Francisco and pre
dicted its .future. "
The San Franciscans were welcomed on
their arrival from Hanford by a - large
delegation of Fresno's business 'men, all
of whom- -are members of the Fresno
Chamber ' of Commerce. Among them
were Messrs. .Marshall, Olney, Renny,
Mallorell. Swift. Levy, Porter. President
Neu. Fulton G. Berry, Mayor Stephens.
Louis Einstein, A: t L. , Redlick. Eugene
•Smith. W.-L.Lyon. E. E. Manheim,-W.
J. Uridge.' E. F. 'Bernhard.' Supervisor
Phil Scott, . George Beveridge. Robert
Boot. IvOuis Gundeifinger. J: S. Dore, Tav
lor.Albin.F.D. Fisher. .H.H: Hart.
Mark Plaisted, ¦= Adam ; Mowatt. W. N ¦
Rohrer/'.Al J Kutner. : -: Sig <; Al
Munger, Eccleston. Willis- Pike; George
Boles, Ed Simms. Bert Sloan; E.H.' Hol
lis. H. Graff. W.-McDaniels.O. F. Woou
ward; Dr. , Sherman, G. A- ; Dobbin,^ S. Ev
inger, Ben Epatein, Ben Dore. S. J. Wall •
Otto Nestel,-' Al Griffin. Charles G. Bon
ner. W."A.:\ T eJth." W.; Porter, E. H..Em- :
mons,/Charles P.uckhaber. =
AMONG THE VINEYARDS.
/These and others gathered about the
festal board. When the ' dinner was end-,
edr carriages which were in waiting "took
the: visitors among the , vineyards and
through ,the handsome streets of ; Fresno.
Under escort- of A. IB.,- Evans, the San
Juaquin ice plant, and creamery "were/ir
apected. ; The departure from Fresno wa'a
accompanied by the usual demonstrations
Of. good Will. ,£-,-V -..¦,•:¦;¦¦•>.. ¦.,+ •'.¦.;.¦
. M ADERA. May 1Q.— The San' Fraiicisco
merchants closed the day's festivities here
• with - a', visit i; to > the. winery of theMadera
Vineyard ; Company, : where ?; they were
handsomely; entertained , by • Messrs. Sbar-
At Goshen Junction the ' train was
stopped to receive a delegation of charm
ing young ladies from Tulare. who
brought sweet peas for boutonnieres with
badges. They were accompanied by B
F. \Voods of the Tulare Board of Trade '
Again the merchants showed their eal"
lantry by cheering the ladies repeatedlv"
They were . the Misses Carrie Garrison
Bernardine Birkhead. Hazel' Zartman'
Vera Ellsworth, Edith Linder Strife'
Weaver. Mabel Campbell. Carl ton Ann-T
bel Mulcahy. Ivy Wilson. Ethel Nichoi
son, Grace Reams, Mildred ; Hicks, Floy
Brown, Georgie Ray, Miss Warren and 1
Mrs. B. F. Woods. . v<irrei \ an a
They were accompanied by a'- delegation
by 31 ?*. tt B ° ard .° f TradC ' &«*** i
At Tulare F. Rosenthal Introduced Hon' '
J. W. Davis, who welcomed the visitors' I
.He said that he, hoped the merchants
would come again. Sire Sbarboro re- ! '
sponded. The visitors were escorted i
through the town, the glee club of the '
San Franciscans singing, plantation melo- i
illi i •">TBprfglTiflfiil | i1ilyig*)<>i%n jjj -I
Linders Park was visited. Finally the '
San Franciscans were photographed in a
proup at. the station, with the decorated
train for a background. The glee club
was -composed of these San Francisco
business men : ; Eugene . Elkins, Sanford i
Feip-enbaum, F. T. .Nelson, T. > M. Earl •
B. S.'.'Hubbard.. G. -L. Belcher, Leo !
Alexander. Milton E. GetZiW.-rH.'Feldi :
LADIES BRING, SWEET PEAS.
They escorted the visitors to the Pio
neer Hotel. There a brass band composed
entirely of High School cadets gave musi
cal welcome. There were fresh Porter- 1
ville strawberries and loads of- Porter
ville's luscious citrus fruits to receive at
tention. Attorney Boiler made a neat
speech of welcome. Sbarboro responded
The High School cadet band played. The
San Franciscans cheered Attorney Boiler,
the PorterviU* Board of Trade, the cadet
band and the ladies. The latter decorated
the cars with flowers and boxes of
oranges were placed in every coach. The
people provided carriages and the excur
sionists visited the orange orchards of
George T. Frost, Joseph Carter, A. G.
Schutz, James Wilson, H.'F. Brey, J. H
Williams, Dr. J. L. Hardeman, John Hil
ton and W. N. Henry. .
Lindsay was the next stopping "place:
This was not on the itinerary, but the
Board of Trade and the ladies of Lindsay
united in decking the railway station with
flowers and palms from base to roof, arid
Hixson had the train atop as a tribute to
•their enterprise. Sire Sbarboro made a
speech. President C. J. Carle and H. W
Dockerman of the Lindsay Board- of
Trade greeted the excursionists.*. The la
dies distributed flowers and oranges
grown at Lindsay. . . .
There were no ceremonies in Vlsalia, ro"
speech-making and no reception The
San Franciscans marched up the business
streets in twos and looked at the. business
buildings and the courthouse. Some days
ago the following committee on recep
tion was appointed by President S. Mitch
ell of the Board of Trade: A. G. WIshon
Ben M. Maddox, W. H. Gilstrap, A. M
Doty, Adolph Levis. William Kettner
W R Spalding. D. G. Overall, J H. Mc-
Kie. J. M. Boynton. F. W. Mixter. L. N
Wood, H. S. Goldstein, C. J. Giddintrs
W. G. Dozier. "W. St. J. Caudron and John
F. Jordan. They did not make their
presence known. -"":-•*
VISIT ORANGE ORCHARD.
There were rides among orange or
chards and along well kept streets, feast
ing and music and the sound of cheering
everywhere to lend variety, spice \and
> zest, to the day.
Hixson, division freight and passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
went to Bakersfield to greet the visitors
in advance on behalf of Fresno. He r*e»
turned with the special train.
The first stop was at Portervllle. A re
ception committee, consisting of the fol
lowing, met the train on behalf of Porter
ville's Board of Trade: W. Mentz, chair
man; Robert Baker, R. Bradley, 'A. G.
Schulz, Dr. O. C. Higgins, A. S. MapeR,
E. Li. Scott, C. A. Nieman, M. J. Mur
phy, A. M. Lumley, Fred Ackerman, J.
W. Lloyd, J. W. Davis, J. N. Larson,
George D. A very, A. J. Delaney, • M. C.
Boatman, J. F. Boiler, J. H. Williams, J.
W. Burford, C. C. Arkle, G. L. Robbins,
V. D. Knupp, John Hossack, L. Osuna
and J. H. James; committee on bouton
nieres — Mesdames V. D. Knupp, A. Leslie
and W. H. Norris; committee on band, V.
D. Knupp and H. F. Brey; committee on
oranges,. J. H. James. .. ;
FLOWERS FOR EVERY ONE.
Early in the day every San Franciscan
was decked with flowers. Cary Fried
lander sported sweet peas, Charles Bund
schu had roses; Varney Gaskill was red
olent with orange blossoms; Ruf us Jen
nings had a garland on a sky-blue hat
that he picked up at Bakersfield, and the
combination made him look like a. flower
garden; Walter Castle carried a bunch
of roses as large as a cabbage; Sanford
Bennett had a branch of Porterville grape
fruit in tow: Albert ' Meyer sported
oranges on twigs; President Symmes of
the Merchants' Association reveled in
sweet peas.
This was the substance of his text to all
hearers. The people of the interior met
him and the delegation cordially and en
thusiastically, showing that they thor
oughly understood the situation.
"We of San Francisco desire to make
California known not only to the Eastern
States of our own country, but to the en
tire world."
FRESNO, May lO.r-This has been a
day of sight seeing: through the
San Juaauin Valley "^for the San
Francisco business men's party.
The start was made from Bakers
field on schedule time. During its trip
through the valley the special train
was laden with flowers and fruit and the
merchants feasted on oranges and grape
fruit and inhaled the sweet odors of
orange blossoms while they rode along
comfortably in view of the snowy, sum
mits of the high Sierra. Andrea Sbarboro,
the sire and spokesman for the San Fran
cisco party, was particularly happy in the
speeches, in which he conveyed to all
communities where stops were made» the
significance of the visit of the San Fran
ciscans. He dwelt upon the formation of
the promotion committee at San Francis
co and urged the people of the interior to
put themselves into constant communi
cation with that body. At Portervllle,
where the first stop was made, Sbarboro
said:
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES yVEAJTME^ FREE.
Irsures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
• How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of 'suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality.' ntght losses, varlcocele. etc.. and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and visor.
Simply send your nime and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1373 Hull building, Detroit.
Mich., and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt with full directions so any men may
easily cure himself at home. This is certainly
a ¦ most generous offer. . ar.d the following ex-
tracts taken froril their dally mail show what
men think of their generosity:
'.'Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for . yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and ths benefit ha»
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I a in just as. vigorous a* when a boy
and you* cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear "Sirs:. Tour method worked beauti-
fully. Results -were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory." •
"Dear Sirs: ' Your3 was received and I h;»d
no trouble in making use of the receipt. as ifj-
rected. : and can truthfully say it is a boon to
weak men. I am . greatly Improved ia s j 29
strength and vigor." "*"
1 All correspondence is strictly confident i \i
mailed In plain, settled ' envelope. Tea rec-jnt
in free for the asking and thsy want evert
man to have it.
Beauty's Blood Deep
How untrue the old adage "Beauty's Skin Deep." How many women of beauti-
ful features marred by impure blood try in vain to get a pure complexion by doctor-
ing the skin. The quickest," surest, only way to beauty is to cleanse the blood. §
girti . "' k* Te been taking Cascarets for pimples and
j/Z?ZzJZLl5\ V^SSVi. have been greatly benefited."
— Miss Gertrude Grant. Cambridee, Matt.
v^Syfra5^S52^s^^SHi^3^K "I am Tery well pleased with Cascarets. They ar.
<"T^ i i ur ii fiRfWig^SS^KBgg^. fine for the complexion."
•i<£KZ3£mB18£^&^ l^fffllnpTfrfol ' —Miss Catherine C. Coffman. S. Enelish, la.
•^~~5f^^ff^^yT^lwBffSBtfflmT^V ! V^''T^|> "Cascarets will clear the complexion of boils,
jjjfBEKLgSSag&fSl* " 'Wfl^BCafeftN^^ 8 * pimples and blackheads caused by impure blood.',
fiEggggSSS*!^-- "v^Sss^^kSK^ ~ A " E " Griffln> M> D - Stubblefleld. Teiag.
\BStr^^~**Jr~\- r^ "Caseareti hare done a great deal of good for m*
/<zi* "&w " d *<"" »H onr family.".
"^JVi^V^^i - -Mies Florence Cook, Webatsr City. 1%.
**, -^^^p'.U Y\:>.Vvv£Sr§j25>'^ "I mnst add my testimonial to your valuable
«*t t *^'-^^° a^^^ /^Sfe^--<*^is"^4l medicine Cascarets for stomaeh trouble."
"*££ >i!k%2/ r s — Ir«ae Ackerman (famons sinsrer).
/2/*"""\ *™^SW5 S»^^^ i0 Wjst rlfteen " 1 Street. New York.
¦JQjjS s£z\ &***. "I ¦"¦*• «nfferine with sick headaches a creat deal, but
rfr&'&l K%} ' Sj\ ifsS^C^Sv after taking b box of Caieareta, am entirely cured."
x^vSgj T VmB%& — Mist Clara Stimmel, 129 So. Sandugky St., Delaware, O.
fi ~>> Nf3 C!> '''ttZ&f "Cascarets did me a world of eood. My liver was in bad
»^— 'ja * jTLj 'mSbS* ¦• eoudilion for some time and »ne box cured me."
i^^T. £>3&? —Mlas Mabel Allen. Clare, Michigan.
\f^ «35\>-'\ "I hare taken Casearet» for xny complexion and find
'K^r^Z^W x. «>— " they are very pleasant to take and hare benefited mo
U?^.:lllj\ BasJll^^ l*\L wonderfully/— Miss Ellra V. Hunter. Palatka. Florida.
XV^-^L-^ t^r \ "My wife had pimping on her face. She took Casecrets
> i^\y^>*^^2l^i*» and the pimples all ( dlgappeared. We cannot speak too
x v f^^P *&J3&*' •»*¦ - — Fred Waittnan, S708 Gennantown Are., Phila., Psv
\ ••ff^ f "When I commenced taking Cascareu. I wa» Terr weak .
y * J£ // f and nerrotia an* had a offensive breath. It is now
\ "n. 1/ I g Te xoanths since I qnit t«kins Cascareta and all those
X. 1 I / airfol speUs have disappeared.'^ ....
I / * — -Mi" Annie Dungan, Bnrchard, Ina.
How many, many young women are anaemic, ; pale, sickly-looking, perhaps
with pimples on face and neck, owing to poor, - unhealthy blood. ' Perhaps wo-
manhood is approaching, that serious time of life when irregularities are liable
to break down a constitution. The first rule for purifying and enriching the,
blood is to keep the bowels free and natural, gently but positively, without ner-
vous shock, and Cascarets Candy Cathartic is the only medicine to do it.
/rrVx *»r>T» rtlrs. for the Bowels. AH draigist*, ioc. 35c, 5°c. Never sold in balk.
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. tU
. ...' ;. ¦•¦•;,¦•,¦ GBAPE-NUTa / ¦¦¦¦
CEREALS OR MEAT.
A Prepared Food Helps to Solve tTie
¦'.'' 'Problem of Good Living.
y
PRICES OF- -MEAT GO UP.
"Whilethe average housekeeper may be
ignorant as to whether a beef trust has
been formed or ' whether the increase in
the price of meat i8 due- to other causes,
if she is a woman: of moderate means she
has become convinced that she must turn
to something except' animal food for the !
main fare of her family,", says the Buf- ;
falo Express. .' : '\j>'-, ¦-¦¦. ¦ !- V j
."It is" not an entirely new thing, this
I advance in" the price of meats, and it is
even rumored that prices have not yet j
reached their limit,: but cer.tain, it Is that i
the cost of [living for- the average family '
has increased rapidly of .late, until meat
has become an, article of diet that must
necessarily .be eliminated from the dally
fare of the very poor and has become al- i
most -a ; luxury even to those who have aj
moderate and usually adequate amount to \
spend upon the family food. V |
'.'To-day domestic science and public !
opinion * have "joined In teaching an im- j
portant lesson to "rich and poor alike, the '
-cecesslty of - consuming body-building '
food, ; supplying, material "that will keep '
nerves, muscles, bones, flesh and brain, in !
the proper condition,^ feeding, into -the ¦
j. human engine -the, fuel needed to make
I good the constant waste." J < l %
A food expert at Battle^ Creek, Mich.,
has produced ia v food especially intended
to supply more nutriment than meat, fish I
or, fowl, . and that costs the i consumer >
! about one cent a meal. : It is called I
"Grape-Nuts," and has more nourishment !
for the body and greater strength and !
vitality for the brain and nervous system,
arid is 'an economy that reduces the cost
of housekeeping ; to the \ minimum and at j
the same '- time pleases ; the ¦ palate. j
Grape-Nuts is a condensed food, and •
about four teaspoonfuls with cream is \
sufficient for the- cereal part of a meal. ,
It , requires no ; cooking or , preparation of j
any kind, and, is ready for Immediate use '
and suited to the laborer, athlete, brain
worker, /epicure ¦ and ; invalid. "
:; One pound of Grape-Nuts contains nioro
nourishment— that,- the . system : will absorb
-— than' ten pounds of meat. An experiment
' was',tried : by. a; man \ who ; found, that by
leaving^ off meat altogether at breakfast
andUunch : and taking in Its place four '
heaping teaspoonfuls of Grape-Nuts he !
began: to gain. flesh and strength.' and be- '
fore the full pound package was sone had
gained -f our : pounds . in weight, ; whereas he.
had been losing on his meat, diet. .
¦ ; Present conditions^ therefore, regarding
the price of meat are solved to the family
providerLby^ supplying Grape-Nuts to the
individuals^of her^ household— a food that
not " only - recommends * Itself -. by ; its econ-
omy and. pleasant taste,' but by its health- I
sustaining properties and jits ability to I
biilld ' up < flabby: 4 muscles, "restore . color to
the'cheek.lbrightnass' to'.the, eye and" re-
j place i the ; daily£ loss " occasioned * by ; brain
and nervous .work. _ . . t
,5 A package of 'Grape-Nuts costs 15 cents
and makes ; fourteen meals. All grocers. - - .
MISCE^AU-EOUa. .
Unusual Values
U1H be offered to-morrow in the below mentioned
departments:
Binin£=Room Furniture Dep't
GREAT REDUCTION OF PRICES
Fine Sideboards, Buffets, China Closets, Din-
ing Chairs and Dining Tables
One of the many bargains at Pa ttosicn's Big Furniture
Exposition Building, cornet 16th and. Mission streets, is this
Iixtensjon Table. Made of beautifully grained solid oak; hard
polish finish. The legs of this magnificent table are seven
inches in diameter, nicely fhitted and carved. The top is 4
Tect square, and will extend to eight feet when opened. This
table can be had for $2.00 extra in the 10-foot <£t~¥ &i\
length. Price is...... .;...... '\|>l/*'5(l
Also another purchase of f ine ...
Morris Chairs - - - $7.50
Extra fine Dining Chairs, box seat, leather fl» ' m m
covered seat, tufted back, real value $4.00 M>^*/3
An exceptional offering of
Birdseye Maple Bedroom Suits
Exquisitely carved, high art pieces in most extraordinary
variety at greatly reduced prices; one handsome ib O ft i\i\
2-piccc set, with large French plate mirror m)«J"«UU
Upholstery Department
Special Reduction Sale (Second Floor)
f Reps and Armure, with tapestry bor- ~ A '*
Portieres < ders * ere $7 * 5 ° pair • • • •
) Armure, with lace applique, were $9.50 *—
v pair $7.25
Damask Curtains, with lace effects, \verei25 pair $20.00
Table $ French Tapestry, 2 yards square, were $2.25 $|. 50
Covers \ Mercerized, 2 yards square, were $5.25 S3. 75
Lace Curtains and Bed 5ets
Very Greatly Reduced
( Renaissance Pair $11.50, $(6.50
Ruffled Net Bed Sets........ $4.50, $5.25, $6.75
Arabian Bed Sets... Each $11.50 to $50.00
Formerly $15.00 to $65.00 .
Cor. 16th and Mission Streets
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fair and Timely Warning.
We desire that none shall be left out. but that
all shall have an opportunity to come in before the
offer closes. The first announcement of
OUR UNPARALLELED OFFER
Was made a fpw months ago, and It was oup intention to con-
tinue this special offer only a few weeks* but the demand was
so enormous that the sale has been kept open beyond antici-
pation. r \Ve now give fair warning that our LESS THAN HALF
PRICE SALE will soon end. To those who have deferred or-
dering this is a reminder that you have .
ONLY A FEW DAYS LEFT. _jzm
It is your last opportunity to own The En- J^M^'^ftffi
cyclopedia Britannica on so favorable Js^^S0r^0^
Do not put off a fiood thinfe- Send at once -Jj|^™ig>j| *'*$$/
for sample pages and full particulars / -I^'^-~^~™tVijr' W/'/
BEFOKr. .T S TJJ LAT5. _ i^^^^WMlW %\
Now is the time to make sure of this f!^C-\^y^'' n "~7^' ' Xfej* *
indispensable set of books. If you 1 '!?^' \ ' ', "*^/f Brings
secure it now you will feet it at JKj-^S.6^ " jii %*'. ?YfJ You This
¦\-xi*^i.JZ£!£3?^ mm^ m *ef 3 /v{ /'¦'&*¥ en tire 01
I FSS THAM 0^^===pS§lW/^ Volume Set of
LL^3 I HAN The New
HALF MBS^Wm 20th Centnry
"'^^pry W^Wj / f for a short tIme "
fr^^^^^^^^^^^^^Y .f^f: 7/fj \/L* 25 7olnm » Ediaburgh Edition.
W^^^^^^^^^^S'JKW?^/' \M ¦ 5 V9lnm ' s A =>«-ie»a idaitions.
l It 1 ?*' Gaideto Systea»tio R«»d-
|^^ 31 '^^A^jf^W'^W Wl la ' 5 °° arti f les> ' ave ' ra Vin? 1%
p^^ MaSSlYe Xnfflr/wJrT I "' signed by 1 or
wpf|j)itjg Volninss 5ssB$?itS<[iff?Vi!r#jH /J4 * pi?r v ° iume -
i B^^SS? Wemhr 1^**^ l^bwVi^Aj JZL *-'" * 18,235 pases compiled by special
gjg»2*J| "Cl^ul g^^M« rHg&jffPjj out contributors, formin?
j r^^^? J ' f^iiSt \y &t this coupon scs full-page enpraved plates.
§^5*i^fill^M^^^^W 1^^ ticulars about 6 - 3 ma pa an ,^ plans. incluJ-
," __ .. 1 ¦ tions. exclusive of mays
TT71 i T r Q and plana.
JuflluL IS 5—11-03. Special Features of tho Five
T-fio - kmarimn Volumes American Additions.'
Mil n T , lliw AmCllwall 1. An extension of the original
' " V Q 1 ii Al IT »t articles on the arts and sciences
UdlU Ui 1 WeWSBaOer down to the present day.
UU1U VI Xl>i iivfT^jmpvi ., i ntroduction of new topics
A ccrtriatinn ' either arising from the differen-
"/ will defy anv ' itdaUwlallUllt tiation of new departments of
* l J *nnfi Parrott Bld&., 825 Mar- sciences (as Ecology. Sense Or-
One tO buy 3000 ket St., JL 'Francisco. SS^n^t^cJ^.^oS
VOlUmeS- that Will Please send me. free of lator . Argon. Roentgen Rays.
... , . charge, sample pages and e t c )
giVQ him as gOOd a tul\ particulars of your En- 3 ' Biographical enlargement to
wankinn libra pv as t y cl °P« dla offer - , include eminent living persons
wording uorary as .^ - and the hundrei is who have re-
IS furnished in ths- cently won distinction,
i- •/ r* t* <, * n n, *-n i m 4. A particular survey of
EN C YC LOP/ED A .- American interests in their va-
5 n i t k m a. / n A Name. rlous phases. i
ft I T A N Fi I C A .5. a presentation of technical
nlnna " Fir Pnae," subjects in a form comprehen-
aiona. -'CX-rrBSI' slble t o ordinary readers, as in
Hunt tlvulnht Ynln • the treatment of Electricity,
aem UWlfftn, ratB street. Morphology, etc.
University. *»- Copious illustrations, over
* . 1500 In number.
"If all other books "Town. '" TH6 GuiiB to Systematic Beaa&s
, . . • subdivides the whole work Into
Were desiroyed, departments, in accordance with
VA/i O;A/ a V M .«/.rf the different occupations of all
tliO OlOie CXCeptea, ¦ • • • • • ' • • • • • • the peoples (outlining 73 dlffer-
ihm ivnn/rf wnnlri > ent courses of reading) and
xno WOr/a WOUIO points out the things you may
loss but little Of Us want to know, or ought to know,
. , ' ,. ,, "^t"at^" »b° ut your business or profes-
information. — II. » DIID c«n sIon - Furthermore, it makes
c CALL dURcAUi systematic reading along any
opurgeon. .. Q p Une practical.go, hence May 7.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May &— Br ship
Scottish- Hills, from Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 10— JaD stmr Kln
shiu Maru. from Hongkong. »
Arrived May 10— Stmr Tamplco, hence May 5.
- SIUSLAW RIVER — Arrived May 9 — Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco: schr Sac
ramento, for San Francisca; schr C A Klose.
for San Pedro. May *— Schr Mary Etta, for
San Francisco. ,
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 10— Schr Mel
ancthon, hence April 26.
NEW. WHATCOM— Arrived ADril 10— Br
ship Senator, from Tacoma.
POINT REYES — Passed May 10. 11 a m —
Stmr Sequoia, from Grays Harbor, for Santa
Barbara. -
TACOMA— Arrived May 10— Schr Forest
Home, from San Pedro; stmr Umatilla, hence
May 6; Br stmr Yairgtse, from Vancouver.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived May 10 — Schr
W F Jewett, from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Sailed March 10 — Bark Sonoma, for Syd
ney.
BALLARD— Sailed May 10— Schr Espada.
for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed in- May 10 —
Schr Minnie A Calne, from Smith Island (was
ashore there), for Seattle.
Arrived May 10 — Schr W F Jewett. from
San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Sailed May 10 — Bark Sonoma, for Sydney.
NEAH BAY— Passed in May 10— Stmr Mack
inaw, hence May 7, for Tacoma: Br stmr Vic
toria, hence May 7, for Ladysmlth.
Passed out May 10 — Br ship Laomene, from
Continued on Page Twenty-Seven.
Stmr FUlton, Lee, 52 hours from San Pedrc.
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing. i '
Stmr Acme, Lundqulst, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, • 91 hours from
Nanalmo.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, 74 hours from As
toria.
. . CLEARED.
Saturday, May 10.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, ' Seattle ; E T
Krvse. ¦ : .-¦ • ¦"•' ¦• -•¦' ¦ ¦•'-¦¦ '¦:¦.. . ¦ •
Stmr • DesDatch, Levlnsoni' Seattle; Geo D
Gray & Co.
• Stmr Alameda; Herriman, t HoholuIu; J r>
Epreckels & Bros Co. - , •
r. St J"r, C^ ty of p « ebl «W Jepsen. Victoria, etc;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
ft Bktn Irmsrard, Schmidt, Honolulu; "Williams,
SPOKEN.
April 1. lat 3 N, Ion 2G W— Br ship Thorn
liebank, from Oregon, for^Queenstown.
April 25. lat 4 N. Ion 27 W— Br ship Boa
dlcea. from Seattle, for United Kingdom.
March 28, lat 13 S, Ion 126 19 W— Fr bark
Moliere. hence Feb 28, for Queenstown.
April 25, lat 4 N, Ion 27 W— Br ship Sir
Robert Fernie. hence Jan 3, for Hull. ,
Per stmr Peru— May 5, 4 p m. lat^27 25 N,
Ion 147 35 W. Br stmr Doric, hence for China
and Japan. May 5. 10 p m, lat 28 10 N. Ion
146 10 W, stmr Sonoma, for Honolulu ana
Australia. TELEGRAPHIC .
POINT LOBOS, May 10. 10 o m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles por hour.
£fe DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN POINT— Arrived April IS— Schr Stan
ley, hence March 22. April. 19 — Bktn Fre
mont, hence Aprtl"!. ¦
PORT KENTON — Arrived May 9 — Stmr Ar-
Dimond & Co. , .
SAILED.
Saturday, May 10.
Stmr Alameda, Herrlman. Honolulu.
Stmr Celta. HoKan. Eureka.
• Stmr Brooklyn, Hlrglns. -. _ - . ¦
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Stmr Fulton. Lee, Fort BraerK.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, Seattle-
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, for Seattle.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, .
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
• Schr Laura Madsen, Joricenson, Grays Har
bor. "
Schr John A, Nllson, Astoria. .
Schr Ida Schnauer. Brastinr. Port Gamble.
The steamship Peru, which arrived Friday
evening, reports having spoken the Sonoma and
the Doric on May 5.
Speaks Boric and Sonoma.
The big Pacific Mail freighter Algoa arrived
"yesterday from Manila and Moji." She brought
from the latter port 9150 tons of coal.
Brings Big Cargo.
More than a 'hundred girls, puplle attending
the San Jose Normal School, visited the battle
ship Wisconsin _yesterday . afternoon. They
came from Alviso on the steamer San Jose and
were under the care of Professor Bland and
President Morris E. Daily. Through the cour
tesy of Henry Peterson, who placed his
launches at their disposal, the young ladles In
vaded the "Wisconsin where they were received
and entertained by the officers.
Visitors will be allowed on board the Wis
consin this afternoon. . ...
Visit the Wisconsin.
Mr6. A. W. Adams and child, George M.
Boyd, H. A. Cole, Miss Cole, Miss Conroy*-
MUs Margaret Copeland, Miss F. C. de Boom,
Mrs. Delllnger. Miss E. L. Delllngrer, George
Esinberg. Theodore D. Feidon, F. Ferris, Mrs.
E. R. Folsom, Mrs. J. H. Ford, Mrs. W. C.
GIbhardt. Miss Alice Gillet. M. G. Glass, Ben
Goldwater, Mrs. E. L. Goodsell, W. C. Greeves,
R. Renton Hind, Miss F. Hoftman, Miss H.
Hoffman, R. S. Irvin, Mi6s Yula Jenkins, E.
Knuth. Julius Kruttschnitt Jr., Miss M. B.
Lewis, G. F. Little, F. J. Lowrey, Sherwood
Lowrey, H. E. Mclntyre, Samuel Makelona, A.
Nelson, Mrs. Nelson and child. Mrs. W. W."
North, Miss North, M. N. O'Shaughnessy, Mrs.
M. E. Pickett, Miss Caroline D. C. Ramson,
W. E. Sauer, Mrs. D. R. Sessions, Miss Ses-'
sions. Dr. J. R. Shaw, Mrs. F. C. Smith, W. O.
Smith, Miss Taplin, H. J. Taylor, Mrs. Tay
lor. Mrs. M. Toplan, Heinrich Vennemann,
James Wakefleld. . Mrs. Waketield and three
children. Miss M. J. Watts, G. A. Wheeler Jr.,
Mrs. Wheeler, H. A. Wheeler, H. H. White,
Mrs. White, S. Wile..
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Alameda
sailed yesterday for Honolulu with a large
cargo and passengers as follows:
Alameda Sails.
A letter received yesterday at the Merchants*
Exchange from Unga says that the schooner
Viking, which left here March 19 on a fishing
cruise, is ashore at Ungra, high and dry. with
her rudder and ehoe gone.
Viking Ashore.
Rev. A. A. Bennett and wife, A. A. Ben
nett Jr., Miss H. Bennett, Raymond Bennett,
Lieutenant A. J. Bootes, V. 8. N.; Mrs. H. E.
Carrington and two children, the wife and
children of the United States Mlnleter to Siam.
Among the passengers was a party of East
erners that left New Tork last May in the
eteajn yacht Margaret. They made' a tour of
the Orient and sent the yacht home- from
Japan. The party included I. E. Emerson of
Baltimore. Hiss Margaret Emerson. Mrs. E.
P. Jenkins. Miss M. U Jenkins. Dr. Smith
McKim and Mr. and Mrs. Gerard Stuyvesant.
Among the other passengers were :
John Butler, an ex-eoldier, and J. Wynn. an
ex -United States sailor, were brought home on
the Peru to serve four years each at San
Quentin for burglarizing a Chinese pawnshop
during the occupation at Tientsin. They were
In charge of United States Marshal George J.
Derby, who turned over his charges yesterday
to the penitentiary authorities.
The Peru's cargo included $382,505 worth ol
opium and $223,240 worth of raw silk.
While the Peru was at Hongkong, A.
Marshall, the former steward of the Peru, who,
on the previous trip, fired a rifle bullet through
Captain Pillsbury' s coat, was tried, convicted
and sentenced to four years' Imprisonment.
The fact that Marshall was drunk when he
fired- the shot was not considered by the Brit
ish court as any mitigation of the offense.
Four years in a Hongkong prison is consid
ered about the same as ten years in San Quen
tin. Marshall was a hard drinker, a man of
nasty temper and his former shipmates have
little sympathy to waste over his present
plight.
The Pacific Mall steamship Peru, -which ar
rived from the Orient late Friday evening;.
brought a light cargo and about a hundred
passengers. The Peru inaugurated the •ched
ule of direct communication with Manila.' The
merchants of the Philippine port banqueted
Captain Pillsbury and drank toasts to the
health of the San Francisco merchants whose
efforts had established Manila as a port of
call for trans-Pacific liners.
Peru Back From Orient.
Shipping^ ' Intelligence.
: "-/ARRIVED. ',/ • . .
¦V \ - - ' '¦' < ".,'•''• Baturdari' J May";i0.';. ?
'¦J\ Siihr Pomona, t Shea, •- IT . hours ? from Eureka.
Stmr. Columbia;, l^oran, 56W houn ¦ from
(Portland, .via r Astoria. 43% - hours." . .. ; : \
: The bark Carondelet has beaten the record to
Prince .Williams Bound. The Carondelet made
the trip; In twenty days, the former record be
ing twenty-four flays. * Captain C..G. Saxe com
mands the t Carondelet "and . she ; is owned by
Pope &,Talbot. „-.-•,'- --'.¦.," ' , . l v ;V. ,'t
Carondelet Lowers Record.
Hind, Rolph & Co. are the owners of the
Makaweli. Tlie vessel Is named after a
port on the island of Kauai, Hawaiian
Islands, she being built for the lumber
trade. Her dimensions are: Length .185
feet, depth j of hold 17 feet, beam 38 feet.
The net registered tonnage of the barken
tine is 800 and her lumber carrying capa
city is one million feet. Boole^& Son ex
pect to have the Makaweli ready for sea
In two weeks. • ; . . .
The Makaweli is the fourth large vessel
launched by Boole & Son at their Oakland
yards.: They now have in course of con
struction a sister ship to the Koko Head,
completed three- months ago. The boat
building is to be known as the Puako and
will ; be ready to launch in about three
months. • •; . ; • .' ¦ 'k
As the crowd was, departing after the
launching a thrilling runaway occurred,
In which three women and. a spirited
double team figured. That some one was
not hurt or probably killed was due to the
bravery of Police Officer J. B.- Murphy
and J. D. Fossati, who, at great risk to
themselves, stopped the frightened horses
atter they had ran for three-quarters of
a mile at top : speed. ;:¦ ¦ « "
The team belonged to .Captain J.\ Jen
sen of 2225 Pacific avenue, Alameda. Cap
tain Jensen, with his wife and two other
ladies, was preparing to drive home after
witnessing the launching. The ladles were
seated* in the vehicle and Captain Jensen
was aboutto step in when the horses be-,
came alarmed at the tooting of whistles,
broke away from him and raced wildly up
Adeline street, threatening to overturn
the rig at ;. : every corner. Mrs. Jensen
vainly endeavored; to secure the reins,
which had fallen over, the dashboard. Of
ficer Murphy and < Fossatl '.were . near, the
corner of Adeline and | Seventh streets as
the runaway team ; approached. Murphy
jumped out and grasped the, bridle on the
off i horse. - He | was dragged half a block,"
tout gamely hung . on. Fossati then" came
to 'Murphy's assistance, and" the ' two men,
brought" the : team to a standstill. The
occupants of the - vehicle were , in . a state
of collapse, but. uninjured. / ;
Mr. and Mrs. James Rolph Jr.. James Rolph.
Mrs. R. R- Hind, George A. Hind, Mrs. W. A.
Boole, Mrs. A. E. Welllneton. \V. A. Boole,
Captain W. T. Lewis, Captain M. Nellson, C.
Luhrman, Captain W. B. Godfrey,. Capteln W.
H Marston, W. H. Hannam, Misses .God
frey. Mrs. H. Z. Howard; Mrs. C. C. Morse,
Mrs. John UempsterMcKee and Miss Welling
ton. ' ' .. !¦ ' . , , '¦ . .." .... ¦./':''-¦
.-»¦ -^»- -n 1TH a graceful plung* that
\\ )\ / carried her nearly across the
\U\y 'estuary, the splendid . four-
V V masted barkentine Makaweli
' left the construction, ways at
the shipyard of W. A. Boole & Son, Oak
land, yesterday afternoon at ten minutes
after four o'clock. It is estimated that
1000 cheering people witnessed th© launch
ing, which was a success in every. way.
Miss M. E. Hind, sister, of one j of the
owners of the Makaweli, \ christened the
vessel. Just as the handsome craft began
to move down the ways Miss Hind swung
a bottle "of California champagne against
the vessel's bow and the baptismal cere
mony was complete. As the Makaweli
struck the water the pawerful steam siren
in the Boole yards and the whistles of
steamers and tugs nearby sounded a sa
lute that continued for ten minutes. By
means of a hawser which had been at
tached to the bow of the Makaweli, and
which was paid out as the vessel glided
from the ways and into the estuary, the
momentum of the craft was checked and
she was then hauled back to the rigsrlng
wharf at the yards. „ ,;,
Among those who stood around Miss
Hind on 1 the christening platform while
she was bestowing a name upon the new
boat were the following named:
THE SAX FEANGISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 11; 1902.
BARKENTINE MAKAWELI LEAVES
WAYS AMID DIN OF WHISTLES
26
OOCCOOGffCO3OOOOOCeOOCOOOOO©OOOOe©OC©OOe©OOQ©C©©©OOO«Q©O©OCO0OO©©C®S
• • 7 . \ - . ' ; - - ;'
O o ; ; __ ; __; ; ______ Q
I Come Drink of the Spring of Youth, the Source of HaDplness!
I It Is Electricity as Given Ijg Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt!
o o ; ; j-- '—. '¦ — : ; ¦ : — — - — i,
• j0^\ THIS 15 TO MEN, YOUNQ OR OLD,
o T °nEN WHOSE POWER IS WASTED,
• /^^^Mj)^J^^^^^\ TonENWHOF EEL OLD AND RUSTY,
• y^^^/**^^^^*"^^^ TO MEN WITH PAINS AND ACHES, ¦
o 5ii^^% jS^**^ TO MEN WHO, FaOM ANY CAUSE,
§ Have lost the buoyant spirits, the courage and confidence
o i^liiwSltei^ wh lc h oeion 9 1o perfect strength, : To you I offer new life,
% -^Sf-^^^^rjj^JB-CT-M * res^ coura 9 e ' ond freedom from the effects of past errors
ft WBm^^y^^S^^^^^SB^ Show me the man who would not be a better man: than he is.
O TBBg|a»l ¦ '"^^V*! y£gS638&l lt matters 'not how the rocks and shoals, of life have worn the edge off
O / •' \fc <-soBa&Br t ' ie s P*" t °^ Joyousness, have dulled the enthusiasm of youth, and
© ' ME ;^ ''$§&&? * e^ c nerves ' ess vigorous, the eye less bright, the step less springy,'
© — ¦ L& : J~L > t^ ie m " 1(^ ess forceful, and the general vitality less powerful than
© f 'y^^^y they ought to be at your age, you want to be strong.
ft ttV V Hard work wears, dissipation and worry, disappointment and the other
O |. |[ yl cares of life take away the vim and snap of perfect health. Electricity applied
0 M £ / my way restores them. It makes men feel young, it renews the fire of youth,
o v^W/ v 1( t ' ie re °* '^ e *
I Wh DR. MGLAUQHnN'S:
\ •«![ ELECTRIG BE1.T
O Does this naturally. I know that the foundation of all strength is Electricity,
. — *" and that Electricity alone will renew the vigor of youth/ I have' applied it for
twenty years, and have cured 10,000 weak men in that time. Every town knows my cures. My book tells of many
% grateful men who were cured by my belt after every kind of medical treatment had failed.
• \T r*FTDEC Nervous and Vital Weakness,; Pains in Back and Limbs, Rheumatism, Kidney
2 11 vL)KC3' and Stomach Trouble, Varicocele, and Loss 6* Vitality, and All the Effects of
O ¦ 1 111 inn 1 iM ii — ¦¦— Wasted Vital Force in Men and Women.
• p*RE__ BOOK ~ U different from all other Electric and so-called Electric Belts. It gives
• ' , vT 1 a wonderful power. direct to all weak parts/having a : Special Electric -Suspen-
«j sory for weak men. You feel the soothing vigor flowing into the body, and without the burning and blistering
• known in all other belts.^ It is warranted for one year. My 80-page; beautifully illustrated- book will be sent,
Z closely sealed, free by mail to all who will write and: inclose this ad. It has full information and plenty of proof'
9 Consultation and advice free. . . ; \ . "
2 C A 0 T I 0 N~~ l havc - to c^ ution y° u against advertisements offering "an electric belt free." Of course it is
f . , .. . _ a sna^ intended to deceive persons wishing to secure health. Instead of a free belt they- send
• a box of medicine C O. D.. when you write. Write me to-day and I will expose the fraud. Address
• DR. M. G. McLAUQH LIN, 9°6 ™^
• Office Hours-8 a, m. to 8 p.m. Sundiys, 10 to 1. San Francisco, Cal.
AJVEBTISEMENTO. :
Dry Goods
FOB THIS WEEK. j
Six values which cannot be equaled:
STYLISH BRUSSELS CURTAINS, six lines'in broken lots of 2 to 6 8
pairs; reduced from S135O and $15, OO pair; will fQ Qf% .»
be sold at a special price this week — - vjjc/.Vf «
BATTENBERG CURTAINS, six lines cf handsome designs in 2, 4 8
and 6 broken lots; reduced from $11. OO and $11.5O kG J»Q H
pair; will be sold as a special this week at <?
HAND RUN BRUSSELS CURTAINS, five lines In broken lots of 8
2, 3, 4- and 6,palrs in elegant designs: are to be sold during ft
the week at price reduced from $10.00 and $11.00 «D-f 7c «
ap^ir.to •: I
BATTENBERC CURTAINS, edging and inserting effect, In six ?<
$ lines; are reduced from the regular prices, »7.cO <t~, OO I?
* and $8 OO a pair, as a special for this week to vp»-*»v*\/ <
5. HAND MADE ARABIAN CURTAINS. Battenberg effect; four |
lines in this very strong number to be sold as a ClA t^O I
special this week at the moderate price of vJJT.vJV? S
WHITE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, six lines that you must not I
miss, are reduced from the regular prices, $4.5O and CO Cfi I
$5.5O a pair, as a special this week \&kJ»^9\J S
Cor stock of BOBBINETS in mastic, ocher and white is now complete. ' >
ALL CU£TAU<S AND PORTIERES DBAPED TREE OF CHARGE. t
SPECIAL ORDERS FOR CURTAINS ATTENDED TO AT ONCE. X
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stockton Streets, Union Squire. \
f iS ' >• i ' ADVEBTISEMENTS^
t SPECIAL SALE W
We Will Close Out Kj
400 pairs Ladies' Fine Patent AT WL . zsb'
Leathe La •;, matt kid top, new T$£MS&
coin toe, light flexible soles and _^ «¦ f%
full LouU XV r-:ench heels, also Vfj kjl
fjenuine we ted scles, stitched %jJ^%JU JRgsL
edg-s ani mil.tary heels; regular w _g_,. >^?^^^
800 pairs Men's Fin- Vii Kid and A#% r |* -^&M&r
Box Calf Lace, genuine welted Pfl kjl
soles, stitched edges, latest style IQ / 0 U MM&L
coin toe; regular price $3.50; __ /c^^ffl
Monday only .¦
WE ARE SOLE AGENTS FOR THE FAMOU S
•^ Jullllu uu"ifl illol
$3,50 HYGIENIC SHOES. jM*
Spacial Sale Every Monday 9 a. m. JSbM
NOLAN BROS. W
*_Jr^- PH ELAN BUILDING, 812-814 iMarkct St.
iSFeumatism, Malarial
|§ These aire the three ailments that cause mankind the C CB T" £1 #*#* f*^ fm>
H greatest suffering, the greatest misery and most harm. Ldl JL Hog
|H The thousands of people all over the Pacific Coast . l||
|S| who. are now suffering from these terrible diseases could I 1
19 be well and happy and cheerful to-dayif they would only j^^ /^J/.Av ®|
II take Halpruner's and take it as it ought to be taken. f m\^*l
i§ Halpruner's) is a harmless combination of ingredients / i_v^ -*_M
HI combined in just the proper manner to help nature rid / JivS&t ) I
HI the body of all inflammation and. impurities. Halprun- _V _,<¦ V^N->- «tTffi
j|| er's removes the pains- and aches ofTheumatism by re- j. jm \wS _f If
m moving the uric acid from the body. By rubbing it on / Jb\ \h M I as\ ¦
HI externally it relieves pain temporarily, and by taking it f &s$Sr% I B «gk^ I I
i -"" jj I Wk^^ff^^^^^^^a § ' Halpruner M. M. Co' "" • with muscular and Inflammatory rheuma- f I
±1 f^Mp^^^^^^^l " I Gentlemen: About two tism for about 11 years, and last January f J
fms. —^-^"^SsSW^SS / years ago I contracted a * had it so bad I could hardly walk. But gSf
Hi >P^^^W^a^aV J stiffness, tired and unrestful through the advice of my uncle I sent for | |
H 2^^^^^^W_p^ __f feeling In my joints my back Halpruner'3, which I have taken internal- BB :
iHv C^^^W^_w_SSn /F^ ached and I became dlrzy ly according to directions. My rheum*,- | I
|9 \ ' I ¥ upon arising in the morning tism has all disappeared, and I feel thor- 5* |i
Ha^ffiSfe V&Wu3i$ffl' \\^SJ\ _T This was soon followed by oughly cured. You are welcome to uaa 1;,J{
W&r^ \&^«ggflfflg"j t^i f_^ loss °f appetite, biliousness, l^ is letter if it will be of any benefit. |; I
if i^^^i I I \__r so sick I could not perform MISS EVA JACKSON, I |
iisr^5_K l^^KI I \^r my labor and I had to take Marquam, Clackamas Co., Oregoo- j#I»
¥&8k fi§§t3$a ¦ m^ e<^- Doctors advised j |
eSm f*&8&fgi _y^ me that I had the malaria ¦ I
MR v -^*ii^)BBi^^^ ¦ < and gave me prescriptions • I I
m anVl'Ti taki H g the ' me Jicine until I had used a full large bottle / I V :
and was then cured permanently. Yours truly, JOHN HUHM. / \ H
jm ¦¦.¦.Every person, who suffers with catarrh ought to cure it You I f^\ J A M
m ought not to permit :;this disagreeable disease to become so chronic V / ' *\S' J?^^ I
• ¦I ..that. you will continually suffer., Many people will permit catarrh • *T "^tr^-T Mb. lH
m to run alon K without endeavoring to help it at all, and the re-ult _fiV _H-___ 8
m-is a lingering, miserable death.- . l MS&St^ BPw
m Catarrh .can be cured bv Halpruner's. If you suffer from R»ij\ i A i®V V^^ ' WB
«| catarrh you better buy a bottle from your nearest druggist and take II ¦ WH MfflH x/jm^* \ "JPl
I WaKHSBHSW . OKPI
Halpruner's is sold by all druggists— 50c and 11 «. >vnt*i« »w' 'i . ' ¦ I I
m of the small size. Do not allow th! druggists to talk you out of lU^tllm^StlSuin^" *** qUantlt7 B
I 1
¦I < , Halpruner's.: will 'be sent to any address by express. Dreoaid udoii reo^lnt nf n »t n « ¦• tt '. '¦ i I
l| Co.. 2S California street. San Francisco. Cal. prepaaa, upon receipt of price. Halpruner Med. Mf». HTO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE,
Tims Ball.
Branch Hydroi;raphic Office. U. S. . N., Mer
chants Ex<-hanse. San Fianclsco, Cal
•Mar 10. 1P02.
The Time Hall en the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
1 e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
v m.. Greenwich time. •-•'..•
."¦ W. II. STANDLEY
Lieutenant. V. S. N., In charge. .
Sun^ ; Jloon -and Tide.
United -. States Coast and Geodetic Survey-*
Times and Heights of Hlih «md : Low
Waters at Fort Pcint, entrance to Saa
CORONEL — Fare?d Arril IT— Nor stmr
Ou*rh*ej-, from Tacoma. for £t Vincent.
PENTELL.ARI A— Passed May 3— Br *tmr
1'ak Lin", from Taooma. for United Kingdom.
PERIM— Pc8«d May 9— Br etrar Inveric
from New York, for Honrkonj.
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived May 6 — Br chip Bal
larhulirh. from Krasr Hlvpr.
Arrived May 'J — Br fhla Senator, from Che
i^ainv*.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 10— Br thlp Ellis
is nd. for San Franolsco.
tKJYER— Pa»s»d May !>— Br bark Glenclova,
trom Antwerp, for Kan Francisco.
KINSALr; — Pained May 30 — Tr bark Du-
GU«-wlin. from Oregon, tor Queenstown.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 0— Br etmr Pern-,
trokeshlre, from Oreron. ' • '
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Asril 17— Er stmr
Coya. for New York.
AKTOFAGASTA— Sailed May 0— Br stmr St
FOREIGN
NORFOLK. Va — Cleared Mar » — Sfai» Era-,
kine M Phrlpi'. for Honolulu. . • ¦
NEWPORT— Sailed Nay a— Etmr Shawmut,
for San Francisco.
FAN POINT— Paered May 10— Eolp Clarence
E Bemcnt. ironi New York, for Japan.
EASTETIN PORT8
HONOLULU— Arrived May 1— Br bar* Ivan
hof. from Iquiqu»>; U F ttmr Albatross, from
rruise. May 2— Htmr Peru, from China and
J^ran. May ::— Bark AJtx?rt. b'-nrc April 1*.
schr Albert l/>»»rt. from Port Oambl^. -¦ ¦ '
f-ailed Anrii :Vi— Etmr China, for China antl
.lapan: bsrk Edward May. for San Franclsro.
May 1— U S xlmr Crook, for Manila: bktn
Planter, for San l'rancisco. May -— Schr
ll^lpn. for San rrsneisco. .':
T.AHAINA— t-aHed AnHJ 30-Schr C II Mer
chant, for- V-u\X Tof.nsend.
ISLAND PORTS
Tamna, for Frfinantle: bark Sonoma, from
ChemataoB. for Sydney. ;-.
f=AK PEDRO- Sailed M&}' 10— Stmra Co
*iylll« River. L-JftlJa and Prcrtls*. for San
Kraneisoo: schr Dauntless, for «W' 8 , H * rb^r*
KURKKA-Arrlved May 10- B r,I»ark Cardi
gan Castle, from Sydney; schr Mabel Gray.
from tUn Pedro: etmr Navarro. hence May b.
¦cbr Msrj- E Ruts, hence May 1; stmr Eureka,
} •¦ ' - * * T • v A
s*il'-U May' 10— Etmr Santa. MonJca. for San
J-'ra ncisco.
Arrival Umt 10— U ? ftmr Madront.
OL.EONE— Arrived May 10— Stmr Isoyo.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 10— Stmr Na
tional City, for £an Frane!»co.
Hubert, for N»w York.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived May 0— Bktn
Jane-Iy Stanford, from Melbourne.
L.ADYSMITH— To Fail May 11— Stmr St
Paul, for Kan Krancisco.
RUNCORN— Arrived May 8— Ital ship P S
Clampa. 8ien<-e Nov 11.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 8 — Ship
Aryan, hence Dec 27.
; ANTWERP— Sailed May S-Dr ship Glen-
Clova, f«r ban KranOisco.
(JCEENSTOWX- Sailed May 0— Fr bark
Marguerite Molinos. for .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 10— Stmr Lahn.
for Naples; stmr Rotterdam, for. Rotterdam*
stmr Kthior>la, for C.la.sgow; stmr I.ucania!
for LIvcrtxjol; stmr MInnehaha. for London
- GENOA— Arrived May U— Stmr Hohenzol
leni, from Now York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived nior to May 10—
Stmr Taroma. from Tacoma. Tor Hongkone
ANTWERP— Arrived May O-jjtmr Zeeland
from New ork.
Sailed May 9— Stmr Kensington, tor New
QUEEXSTOWN- Arrived May lol-Stmr
Umbrla, from New York, for Liverpool
Failed May 10— stmr Cymric, from Liverpool
for New York.
LIVERPOOL-Failed May 10-Stmr Cam
pania, for New lork. May 0— Stmr Tauri<
for N>w York. '
HAVRE— Sailed May 10— Stmr La Touralne
for New York. . . .
BF4EMEN— Sailed May 10— Stmr Cacsel fo-
New York. . - .'.-
CHERBOURG -- Saile.l May 10— Stmr Et
Louis, from Soutliampton, for Ner/ York •
PLYMOUTH— Arrlvcl May 10— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, for Hamburg
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May JO— Stmr
Grosser Kurfurst. from New York, for Bremen
LONDON— Sailed Hay 10— Stmr Minneapolis
for New York. . '
Continued From Page Twenty-Six.
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early moraine tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tna
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
tometlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth driven by
the charts. The plane of reference ls.the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
BARKENTUIE MMHWELI LEAVES WAYS AMID DIN OF WHISTLES.
SUNDAY. MAT 11.
Sun rises . . .• ...5:0:-!
Sun eets 7:09
Moon t-els '. 11:08 p. in.
There is a general crisis for wine, grow
ers, becauso of an overproduction in the
entire world. . < ¦ "
NOTE — The liiffh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-live minutes later -than *t Fort Point;
the height of tide is the s&me at both places.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Notice to Passengers.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery,
40S Taylor street. 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Commencing to-day the Southern Pa
cific will make exceptionally low. rates
from points in the San Joaouln Valley.
Fresno to Stockton, inclusive, to San
Francisco and return every Sunday, going
nnd returning -the same day. This will
give visitors from tire valley eight hours
to spend in San Francisco.
From the San Joaquin Valley.
SUNDAY EXCURSIONS
TO SAN FRANCISCO
lhey Will Appear for Examination
, by Civil Service Com
mission. \
' The civil, service examination of lieuten
ants for promotion to captains in the Po
lice Department will take place' at'. 'the.
City Hall on May 15 and 16. The lieuten
ants who have tiled applications to take
the test are J. B. Martin, George Bird
gall. M. O. Anderson, Fred L. Esola and
John Mooney. lieutenant Price is the
only one who will not take tho test. The
physical examination of the applicants
will take place to-morrow evening. The
examination will cover questions x»n gen
eral knowledge of duties, writing of re
ports, arithmetic, spelling and handwrit
ing. Seniority in service' will be based on
service in the Police Pepartment from
the date of original appointment.
POLICE LIEUTENANTS
WANT TO BE CAPTAINS
! Clarence B. Stafford, who was divorced
from Emma Stafford last October, has pe
titioned the Superior Court for the cus*
itody of his daughter Camille. . who was
awarded to Mrs.- Stafford when the di
vorce decree was granted. He claims that
his former- wife is neglecting the young
girl. ' ¦¦'¦ ''-.'¦•¦¦¦ •
Barbara E. Munn is being sued for di
vorce by Robert F. Munn for desertion.
He v alle?e-* that she left, him" in 1900, two
.; ears after their marriage. -; .
i Judge Murasky granted T. Frank Terry
•a divorce from Delia Terry for desertion.
Teresa E. Schlebe, who was married to
John Schiebe at Fresno in March, 188SS,
filed a'tuit for divorce against him yes
terday,; alleging desertion. Her maiden
name is. Burke, and she asks permission
to resume it. ' . •
Zena' Taylor is suing Robert Taylor for
divorce for desertion. She alleges that he
left her in October. 1900, two months after
their marriage. She. asks permission to
resume her maiden name,' Schoenig.
She alleges that Naftaly has refused to
give her money for necessaries and has
struck her when she "demanded it -of him.
They were married at Oakland In 1898. '.
Sarah Naftaly, in a complaint, for di
vorce filed by her yesterday against Mor
ris Naftuly, alleges that she has 1 on many
occasions gone to her father's house with
her two children to get something to eat
because. her husband had failed to provide
for her.
It was expected that Edward Duncan
and Charles Donnellv, convicted of mur
der in the second degree for the killing of
Oeorge W. Rice, non-union machinist, at
Twentieth and Howard streets, October
11, would be (Sentenced by Judge Lawlor
yesterday, but at the request of their at
torney sentence was deferred for a week.
In Judge Lawlor's court Henry Alt
m«»yer. convicted on his second trial of
burglary, was sentenced to serve 'five
years and seven months in San Quentin,
as he had already spent one, year and t'wn
months in the County Jail awaiting trial.
He broke into A. J. Johnson's room. 501
Post street. June 1, 1900, and stole a watch
and overcoat. *
In Judge Dunne's court David James,
who pleaded guilty to anattempt to com
mit burglary at P. H. Bruckner's store,
10 and 12 Grant avenue. February 7. was
sentenced to serve fifteen months in San
Quentin. Earl Dumont, who pleaded
guilty to grand larceny for stealing a gold
watch from a soldier, was sentenced to
serve two years in San Quentin, and
George Kelly, who was Implicated with
him and pleaded guilty to petty iarceny,
was sentenced to serve four months in
the County Jail.
Frank Ogilvie. who pleaded guilty to
two charges of forgery, was sentenced to
serve three years in San Quentin, being
two on the first charge and one on tho
second. He forged the name of E. J.
Wrenn. at that time chief clerk at the
California Hotel, to orders for cigars on
M. A. Gunst & Co.. and for shoes on the
Rcsenthal Shoe Company.
William White was sentenced to serve
fcur years In San Quentin' on a charge of
burglary in the second degree. He broke
into W. J. Sweeney's saloon, 141 Second
street, on the night of March 19. Sweeney
taught him in the act and gave him a se
vere beating.
Harry Smith, with a prior of petty lar
ceny, was sentenced to serve fifteen years
In San Quentin on the charge of burglary
in the llrst degree. Thomas Schlnklc and
Thomas Kelly, who pleaded guilty to
charges of the same offense, were each
sentenced to serve seven and a half years
in San Quentin. They, along with John
Brown, yet to be tried, broke into 1 the Del
Monte Ranch dairy, 2115 Pine street,' on
February 22. • .
A number of defendants appeared for
sentence before Judge Cook yesterday.
The most important was Thomas G.
Flaherty, who was convicted by a jury oC
murder in the lirst degree, with the pen
alty of imprisonment for life. The only
request his attorney, Frank J. Murphy,
made was that ho be sent to San Quentin.
The Judge granted the request in passing
sentence. Flaherty shot and killed Fred
crick H. Roller in William Umland's sa
loon, 311 Franklin street, on the night of
January 28. :
She Is Compelled to Call on
' Her Father for Her
> Meala '
Burglar to Serve Fifteen Years
in Prison— Others Fare
Better.
Life Sentence Is Imposed
on Thomas Flaherty
for Murder.
Mrs. Naftaly Says Hus
band Refused to Give
Her Money.
PAY PENALTIES
FOR OFFENSES
RECEIVES BLOWS
INSTEAD OF AID
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 11, 1902.
27
0 Time Time j Time Time
£. Ft. -- — Ft. Ft. -• Ft
« H W L, "W II TV (L. Vf
11 1:01 5.5 8:12—0.6 3:30 ' 4.S 8:19 3.<J ;
12 2:10 5.1 9:10—0.3 4:29 -4.9 9:34 S.I
VI 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 5.110:55 2.y
14 4:34 4.4U:0S 0.6 6:13 0.2
Ii W H W L A\* H W
13 0:00 2.5 5:55 4..°. 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
18 1:121 2.0 7:13. 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:0ft| 1.5 S:25 4.3 1:52 1.618:32 5 7
18 I 2:55| 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0| 9:12 5 0.
fc'teamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica Humboldt May 11
Pic-lades Oyster Harbor May 11
Cheballs Grays Harbor May II
G.C.LIndauer Grays Harbor May 11
Coos Bay — . San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. 8. Kimball Seattle * Tacoraa May 11
V-rentlss San Pedro May 1 2
Argo Eel River Ports ........ May VI
Arctic Humboldt May V»
Euteka Humboldt May 12
Queen Pugtt Sound Ports May 12
Klate of Oil.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 12
Crescent City Crescent City-.. May 12
S. Barbara.. San Pedro .....May 12
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 1.1
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports... May 13
Rerapls. Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
Area la....... i Coos Bay & Port Orford May 14
Met cor. .u.... Oyster. Harbor ...' May 14
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance.'.;.. Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena.. Point Arena.. May 10
Santa Rosa..' Fan Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 15
Rainier Whatcom ..'..; May 15
Bonfta Newport .% . Way . Ports. May 15
Coptic. China & Japan May 17
Umatllla Pugct Sound Ports....'. May 17
North Fork.. Tlumboldt •...;.... May 10
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May lft
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 20
Clt/Puebla.. Pu«;ct Sound Port*..... Mav 22
Steamer. I -. Destination.'' I Sails.) Pier.,-
I
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
: 1 i
— TT. 1
May 11.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City .... 12 m Pier IS
San Pedro... Humboldt .......;. 10 am Pier. . 2
Eanta Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1 1
City Puebla Pugef Sound Ports. 11 am Pier s>
May 12.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. ftollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier, "
Poroona Humboldt l:3upPler i>
May 18.
North Fork Humboldt n am | Pier 2
Prentlss.^.. Humboldt ../.'..... 9 amlPler Tfi
S. Barbara. Seattle direct ..... 12 m|P|pr 2
Argo Eel River Ports../. 4' pm Pier • 2
Lerlanaw.. Is*. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newburgj.. Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier r2
Columbia.. Astoria tc Portland 11 am Pier n i
May 14. . .
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier- 2
Eureka HumboHt . & urn Pier IS
Co'JSBay.. San Pedro & Way.. O'am Pler'jl-
"» ¦ / May 15. ¦>
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt.-Orfd 12 m Pler'li
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt '....'..... 12 mPer "
May 10.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17.
Guctemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point -Arena. ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan....', l pm PMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului Pier 20
May 18. •
Bontta..... Jfewport & Way.Pts 8 am Pier ll ;
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
Alliance... Portlands Way ...Pier
w*irt«^ May 1O. .' .
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 mpMSS'
May'UO.. •
Dora Nome & St. Michael ...... pier —
J. Kimball. Nome via Seattle pier —
. • J May 31. ..
Umatllla... Puget Bound. Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Steamer. '¦• j v> For. ; | Sails. '
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagrway &*TVay Ports. May 11
Al-Ki........ fikagway &|avay Ports. May 12
Dir)g<i. . . . ... .Ska* way & Ports. May 12
Homboldt.". . . Skagway • &-* Way, Torts. May 34
Cottage City/ bkagway &; Way* Ports. May 15
Santa Ana..: Cooks Inlet & Way Pti, May ]5
City Topeka. Pkagway &iWay Ports. May 20
Kxe«)slor.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May' 25
J. S. Klinba'.l Nome direct :....... .".. May'25
Steamer. '¦• j v> For. ; | Sails. '
For.
I Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagrway &*TVay Ports. May 11
Al-Ki........ fikagway &|avay Ports. May 12
Dir)g<i. . . . ... .Ska* way & Ports. May 12
Homboldt.". . . Skagway • &-* Way, Torts. May 34
Cottage City/ bkagway &; Way* Ports. May 15
Santa Ana..: Cooks Inlet & Way Pti, May ]5
City Topeka. Pkagway &iWay Ports. May 20
Kxe«)slor.... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May' 25
J. S. Klinba'.l Nome direct :....... .".. May'25
Steamer. I -. Destination.'' I Sails.) Pier.,-
I
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
: 1 i
— TT. 1
May 11.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City .... 12 m Pier IS
San Pedro... Humboldt .......;. 10 am Pier. . 2
Eanta Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 1 1
City Puebla Pugef Sound Ports. 11 am Pier s>
May 12.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
G. ftollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Aberdeen... Astoria & Portland. 5 pm Pier, "
Poroona Humboldt l:3upPler i>
May 18.
North Fork Humboldt n am | Pier 2
Prentlss.^.. Humboldt ../.'..... 9 amlPler Tfi
S. Barbara. Seattle direct ..... 12 m|P|pr 2
Argo Eel River Ports../. 4' pm Pier • 2
Lerlanaw.. Is*. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newburgj.. Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier r2
Columbia.. Astoria tc Portland 11 am Pier n i
May 14. . .
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor 5 pm Pier- 2
Eureka HumboHt . & urn Pier IS
Co'JSBay.. San Pedro & Way.. O'am Pler'jl-
"» ¦ / May 15. ¦>
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt.-Orfd 12 m Pler'li
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt '....'..... 12 mPer "
May 10.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 17.
Guctemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. Point -Arena. ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan....', l pm PMSS
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahului Pier 20
May 18. •
Bontta..... Jfewport & Way.Pts 8 am Pier ll ;
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 21
Alliance... Portlands Way ...Pier
w*irt«^ May 1O. .' .
Newport... Panama & Way... 12 mpMSS'
May'UO.. •
Dora Nome & St. Michael ...... pier —
J. Kimball. Nome via Seattle pier —
. • J May 31. ..
Umatllla... Puget Bound. Ports. 11 am Pier 0
0 Time Time j Time Time
£. Ft. -- — Ft. Ft. -• Ft
« H W L, "W II TV (L. Vf
11 1:01 5.5 8:12—0.6 3:30 ' 4.S 8:19 3.<J ;
12 2:10 5.1 9:10—0.3 4:29 -4.9 9:34 S.I
VI 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 5.110:55 2.y
14 4:34 4.4U:0S 0.6 6:13 0.2
Ii W H W L A\* H W
13 0:00 2.5 5:55 4..°. 12:04 0.9 7:02 5.5
18 1:121 2.0 7:13. 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 5.7
17 2:0ft| 1.5 S:25 4.3 1:52 1.618:32 5 7
18 I 2:55| 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0| 9:12 5 0.
fc'teamer.
From.
Due.
Santa Monica Humboldt May 11
Pic-lades Oyster Harbor May 11
Cheballs Grays Harbor May II
G.C.LIndauer Grays Harbor May 11
Coos Bay — . San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. 8. Kimball Seattle * Tacoraa May 11
V-rentlss San Pedro May 1 2
Argo Eel River Ports ........ May VI
Arctic Humboldt May V»
Euteka Humboldt May 12
Queen Pugtt Sound Ports May 12
Klate of Oil.. San Diego & Way Ports. May 12
Crescent City Crescent City-.. May 12
S. Barbara.. San Pedro .....May 12
St. Paul Oyster Harbor May 13
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 1.1
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports... May 13
Rerapls. Hamburg & Way Ports. May 13
Area la....... i Coos Bay & Port Orford May 14
Met cor. .u.... Oyster. Harbor ...' May 14
Pomona Humboldt May 15
Alliance.'.;.. Portland & Way Ports. May 15
Point Arena.. Point Arena.. May 10
Santa Rosa..' Fan Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... May 15
Rainier Whatcom ..'..; May 15
Bonfta Newport .% . Way . Ports. May 15
Coptic. China & Japan May 17
Umatllla Pugct Sound Ports....'. May 17
North Fork.. Tlumboldt •...;.... May 10
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May lft
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... May 20
Clt/Puebla.. Pu«;ct Sound Port*..... Mav 22
• . - ¦ - APV.KB,TISE'M"RTTT3. |
) - Q
l^l||| £^l The famous
\-\ \ \ 91 T^ llc reat sale be-
J J\& its f\ to-morrow. .
$° /5- e At Post and Market
St. Stores.
Our NcvgYorfc representative just purchesed . at a big
taving ioo dozen of the famous "Crown Brand" shirt
— they are now on exhibit in our windows. There is no
shirt waik in America better known among dealers of high-
class merchandise than the "Crown Brand" waist — the per-
fect way: in which they fit, the excellence 'and range of theii ¦
styles, the careful workmanship and the quality of materials,
arc points which have made the "Drawn Brand" waist fa-
mous throughout America. They come in all colors
and in every size, and are better than anything in the shirt-
waist line that has ever' been sTiowYi in this' city. . The
entire line of over iooo waists to be sold out Jjcginning
to-morrow: . .
Regular $1.50 and $1 75 fancy grenadine waists.. . . 90c ea.
Regular $1.50 and $j 75 fancy dimity waists 90c ea.
Regular $3.00 imported madras waists $1 .50 ea.
Considering the time of year 4 this is one of the most re-
markable shirt waist sales ever conducted in this city.
Sale of Marshal SI
Field & Co. s sam= _^/S
pie line of tailor ¦^^IM^^^ ¦ ¦ •
made suits begins ;^\ •
tomorrow, »y V n^Tu ¦
At Post-St. Store t$f& \-^Sj
Only. r} jV-^ijs*? j \
Everj' garment came u >^^k / Js^V*
from Slarshal Field & J$ <^^^^ > Af^h^
Co., Chicago. i— -^^^^^^-.^ /ft
No two suits arc alike, t^^^^ es^^ \^^^^^s^'
and duplicates can never ; . »»5?p
be made or purchased in San Francisco. I
All are in the very newest styles, Gibson effects predom-
inating. Among the new features arc new sleeves (shown
for the first time in San Francisco), new collars, new ilounce
skirts; in fact, every feature of these suits is distinctively
novel and VERY EXCLUSIVE.
It will be a sale of particular attraction on account of
the exclusive style and the unusual ciegance of the gar-
ments. '.':, . ..-...¦¦
Blacks .-- Basket-Cloth
Blues Broadcloth
Browns Venetian Cloth '
Etc., Zybelines
All skirts lined with diOp skirts of the finest taffeta silk
money can buy.
Some of the jackets are lined with taffeta silk, others,
with an elegant quality of Duchess satin.
The materials are the very best procurable, the work-
manship is the finest we have ever seen. Every suit will be
made to fit you perfectly and will be guaranteed to be satis-
factory in ever}' respect.
We purchased these sample suits at S3 P er ce "t less
than their wholesale value and will seU them to-morrow at
630, $35- and- $50 each.
Their duplicates, if bought in the store of Marshal
Field & Co.. Chicago, or if made to crder by a New York
or Parisian dressmaker, would cost from $50 to $90 each.
Aside from the attractions of the sale, it will be a fashion
show well worth attending arid we hope to see you here.
|-^^^ _^^|-^^^-- ~Q
! RAILWAY . TRAVEL
I Santa Fe
Tpains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot
~" Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
* Dully Dally Dally Dolly
Lv. Saa Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p *:2<jp
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced.. IS :25 p 1:17 p l:S0a9:li.
•• Fresno... p 2:35 p 3:lSal0:80p
*• Ht-nford. »:12p 3:27p 8:05a
•' Vlsalla.. 3:39p ....... 6:00 a ......
." B*ker«fld 8:13 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
•• Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a
j ?' Chicago.. ....... 2:15 p| 9:00 p
I > for morning, p for afternoon.
1 g'OO n m. train la tho California Lim-
ited', carrying: Palace Sleeping Cars and
TtmiriK Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to BalcersfUld for accommodation of
local flret-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
• 4-20 p. m is Stockton. Merced and Fresnj
I loca'l. 'Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
''s^P m. '¦ the Overland Express, with
through Palec* and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; alsj
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.-
**7-2O a. m. Is Bakersneld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:10 a. m. dally.'
Of flc«s— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1113 Eroadway,
Oakland. ' _!_J :
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTEHN BY. CO
LjBSSHEIS
SA!8 fRANCISCO AHJJOaTf PAOIFliJ
I RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a, m.; 12:35.
8:30, 8:10, 6:S0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m. ' ¦•
SAN KAVAUli TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DATS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:50. 0:20, 11:15
a. rn.; 1S:5O, 3:40, 6K», 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
—Extra trlDa at 2:08 s and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:40, 11:13 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40,
4:65, 6:05, 6:25 p. m. . . :. -
. Leave I In Effect ,1 Arrive
San Franclscol May 4, 1902. |San Francisco
"Weak I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day«. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7-30 a 8:00 a Ignado' 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 0:30 a • and 10:40 a 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
¦¦ . 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 al 8:40 a
3:3Cp 0:30 a and 6:05p|10:20a
5:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35pi6:20p
.? ... ¦ FUlton
7:30 a ' - Windsor - 10:20 a
5:00 p ¦" Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lj-tton • ¦ ' .
. . ' . , Geyservllle '
S:S0p 8:00 a Cloverdale. 7:35 i. 6:20 p
"7:3bar8:00al : Hopland (10:40 a|10:20 a
3:aop| 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willlt3 | 7:35 p| 6 :20~p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevlUe | 7:35 pjl6:2Oa
a;30 p| 6:00 p| , |10:40 a| 0:20 p
T:SOa| 8:00a| Sonoma 1 6:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen [ 6:05 pj 6:20 p
"7:36"a|,8:CO a"| Sebastopol 110:10 all0:20 a
• 8:30 p| BiOOpI ;,. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa Y for Majk
West .Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altrurla; " at . Lytton for « Lytton
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
i Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle; ac
! Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KefaeyvlUe, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and .Bartlett Springs ; at Ukiah 'or Victty
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside. Uerley*«,
Bucknell's, Saneedrln Heights, Hullvtile, Orr"s
Hot' ¦ Springs, 'Half-Way - House,'.. Coraptche,
I Camp ¦ Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort
I Bragg, ¦-WeBtport. Usal; at Wllllta for Sher-
] wood Cahto,;Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs,
Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol sen's, .Dyer. Pepper-
wood, Scotia, and Eureka, c •
- -. Saturday : to .- Monday round- trip tickets . at
reduced rates/; .>: . •' • - " ' ¦*' - ¦' -...
¦ On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond : San Rafael ' at half ¦ rates. - i
¦•-•.: Ticket :' office, , C50 1 Market ' street, \ Chronicle
bulldlnc :'••'" ¦ T ' ' • • ' " . ¦
--H.- C'iWinTING, R. X. RTAN,
. , . ." Gen." Manaser. : Gen. Pass.- Agt. .'•
BAH, WAT TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
S)AX FRANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
IKAT8 — FKOM ArKtl. V), 1902. — 1IMTI
7.00a. Bentcls, bulsca, Elmlra and Sacra-
ment) 6.551*
7.00* Vtcavillc, Winters, Rum»er 7<55r
7.30^. Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo,
Kapa, Callstoga. Saata Rots 625p
/ g.OO.v Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing,
MarysvIIIe, Orovllle 7-|5*
8.00* Atlantic Express— OKdsn and East. 8.25 a
, 8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.2Sr
8.00-v Nlles. Mendots, Uaaford, Vlsalla,
Pprtervllle ;. 4-B5f •
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
• {for Bartlett Springs), Willows, "
lied Bluff, Portland 7-63P
8-30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stoekto&,
„ lone, t-acratnento. Piacerviile,
Marysvllle, Cblco, Red Bind 4.25p
8.30a Oakdale,Cblnese,Sonors,Tuolumae 4.2Sf
9.00a Valiejo 12.25r
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
TracT, Latfcrop,Stocfeton,Merced.
TUymond.Frcsno and Los Angeles 8.25 a
9.30a Yallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65r
110.00* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations. t12 65r
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ogdtn,
Denver. Omabs, Chicago 5.25r
¦fi.OOF Sacramento River Steamer* tii.OOr-
3 OOp Benicla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodlaad. Knlghtt Laadlns,
Maryiviile. Orovllle 10.55*
3-30p Hayward, Klles and Way Stations.. 7-55p
400p Martln«z,San i:amon.VaUeJu,N'apa,
Callstogv Santa Rota 925a
400p NIle». Livennore, Stockton. Lodl.. 12.25p
4.30P Hayward,NUea.SanJoae,Llvermore t8 55*
4.30P Tbe Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakertfleld, Saugus for Ssota
Barbara. Los Angf.lf* 8.55»
B.OOp rortCo5ts,Tracy.Lathrop,Slocktoa 1025a
5-OOr Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Haymond, Fresno 12-25p
t5.30p Ntles Local % Z- 2 !*
6-OOp Hayward, Niles and San Jose 7.65a
tS.OOP Vallejo 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall— Ojden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago....... 425p
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11-25*
J7.C0?> Vallejo : 765f
8.05p Oregon A California Express— Sac- .
ramento. Marysrllle, Redding,
Portland, Puffet Sound and East. 8.55 a
*9.10r Hayrrard and K lies..... tii.SBA
COAST LINE Ojrroir eauyo).
(Foot of Muricft Street.) : .
' 17.46a Santa Cruz Excursion il.089'
8.16a Newark", Gentervilie. Saa Jose, :. , -
Felton, Boalder Creek, Santa
- Cru* and "Way Stations 5-SOr
t2-15P Newark, CentervilKJ. San Jose,
New Almaden, Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Crui and Principal
Way Stations 10-50a
, 4.15p Newark, San Jose, Los Oatot 18.50a
&4.15p San Jote. Lot OatO!i, Santa Cruz... ra.SO*
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Uarket St. (Slip 8)
— 17:13 9:0o 11:00 a.m. _]. 00 300 515p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:00 $3:00
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 .200 400 tm.
COAST LINE <Bro»4 Uawre;.
' *¦ (Third ana Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-40 *
t7 00a San Jose and Way bMtlons tS-OQA
7.00a New Almaden JAAQr
J7.15a Monterey Excursion I8.30p
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
GUroy, Salinas, Ssn Luis Obtspo.
Sanu Barbara. Los Angeles and
¦ ¦ Principal Intermedtata Stations. 10-45r
9.00a San Joie, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Paclflc Grove, Salinas. San Luis
- ' . Oblspo and Principal Intermedl- ,
,: *V ate Sutlons '4.10i»
10.30a San Jose acd Way Stations 8.33a
11.30a San Jose and Way Stations 948*
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations a7.00r
1245P .San Mateo, Ked wood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres '
Finos, Santa Crui, Salinas, Del
Monte, . Monterey and Pacific
Grove........ t104SA
3.30r Ean Jose. Del Monte, Psciffc Grove,
Sanu Crnz and Way Sutlons.... 7.30r
t4.15p S»n Jose and Principal WayStatlODs 5-30p
t500P San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
•Way Stations. ...". 19JJ0a
5-30p San Jose asd Principal Way Stations 6-30r
6.30P San Jose and Way Stations.... 7.30c
7.00r Xew Orleans Express— San Lnl»
Ob!<po, Santa Barbara, Los Aa-
jceles, Deminsr. El P«so, New
' Orleans and East. 1030a
<t11-45> San Jose and Way Stationi ¦
A for Morning:. P for Afternoon.
¦ t Sunday excepted. .t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. • c Monday only.
b Saturday and /Tuesday aad Friday.
Sunday oaly. ',
HOUNT TAMALPAI3 RAILWAY
. ¦- Leave . Via Sansalito Ferry • Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. . San Fran.
Week Sun- mKU^m+iivm. Sun- Week
0:30a. 8:00 a. l-OTlm , ,„«, „ 7M f2:l.-i P . 9.13a.
:::::::: "S p: .-"»» of muPBr if Q I: :::::::
.....I... 2:30?. Op««HtiM T e«ri»u»«. : 8;t5 p .;.-.;_..
S1TUSMTS UlT-U^r. Ttnm »-.» ,. wrW. S» inHtoaUi* r. Z
Ilclet OScm, «a MAIiUI STREET ul 8AC3AUT0 YZM.X.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
Ohicaco
m LESS ™*»
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman' fourteen-sectlon Dra-wiag-Koom
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps in every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet. Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath'. Dining- Cars — meata a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Daily Tourist Car Service at 6 p. m.
and Personally conducted Kxcuniona every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
6 1 7 M ARKET ST. Gon. Agent Paci fie Coait
Palace Hotel San Franciwco
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Ferry,
Commcncine April 27. iyO2.
FROM SAi» FRANCISCO TO MILL. VXLLJLT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. "7:45. 8:45> 0:30. 11:0a
¦. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 0:15, 4:15. 5:i5. »«:t5.
C*5. 0:43, 11:15 p. m. 7:15 a, m. does aoc
run ta Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. •9:00. •10:00. 11:00.
11:30 ». m.. 12:30. *l:30. 2:S0. *3:45. 5:C0. 6:00
?:3O. 9:45. 11:45 v. ta.
, Traln3 mark*d (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, •6:20.-7:40. 8:1S, •9:3U.
11:00 a. nc.. 12:23.^2:15, »3:30. 4:40, 5:30, 8:45,
X -°^tJN^>AYS-6:00; *S:0<J.'9:S0; «lI:00 a. m.
•ia:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:15. »3:45, 8:li
7:80. 10:lS p. m. > . .
Trains marked «•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:43. 8:25. ftlij'
11:10 •. m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:1(J. 5:20^ 7:Io!
10:15 o. m. ¦ " ¦
SUNOAYS— 6:30. 7:53. 10:05.. U:10 a. m .
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 3:00. «:05. 7:15. 10: w
P ' ° a * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero aad way
stations. -- • •-'."' •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations.
' 5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted >
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
•tationa.
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oa
Sunday time.-
Mmk the
J V»'— Tar— kt^\ t""^i i • •
AND YOU DO NOT PAY
EXGFSS FARE
TO NEW YORK CITY.
/ Aak Agents for Particulars.
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
C. S. CRANE. G. P. & T. Ast.. St. Loui3. Ma.
ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. A-. Los Angs-
les. Cat.
Si- HALL 'SKEIN YiGORATOR &&&&
Stops all losses in 21 hours. Five |kVj*55LJl
hundred reward for any case ws £32 &X\
cannot cure. This secret rem- r *j
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. ESSS B3E1
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. ¦*?* ?*?S
Strictures. Drains. Lest Man- Ilu LkM
hood and all other -wastics ef- ±p. S?3S
fects of self-abuse or excesses. ESsrtsaGSK
Sent sealed; $2, bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed
to cure ' any case. -Call " or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853 Broad.
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 ',£
Market st.. S. F. Send for free book.
fBBflrCi SLOObbt Year
pen's Diseases!
I Successfully Treated. I
M Vs'S *& «">thcr specialist
a Tm^JpfcHi -ijfflpfi l' a8 attained an
H /T^'^^^ffl^W ¦ most perplexing
H y\ T ¦ A^v °^ a " human all-,
H / v^s. I \ \ recognized as ln-
H / pO^jy? \ 1 accurate and un-
H.i c to<s.T irv Ar t) treating: men's B
H research and broad experience I have B
H acquired tho knowledge and ability B
H that has placed me foremost among D
B specialists In this branch of medical E
¦ rracllc-. T have laid aside those air- B
H dent and unscientific theories and pro- |j
¦ Cfsees to which others still cling, and E
M have founded all my methods of treat- I
Q ment upon absolute knowledge con- I
H ccrnlng these diseases. I accept no I
m case for treatment unless I have full |
a confidence In my ability to effect a I
I complete and^permamnt cure, and In I
M years I have not treated unsuccessfully B
H In a single Instance. I invite free con- H
I sultatlon. . M
I Varicocele. |
B Tf you are afflicted with varicocele 8
ffl and have been unsuccessfully treated B
H by other physicians, or have delayed |
H treatment through dread of the harsh E
u and frequently disastrous j operation! ¦
H commonly employed in attempting to M
H overcome this disease, your own bast In- I
fl torcsts will be fully conserved by con- 11
IJ suiting me at once. I positively cure B
W varicocele In one Vi'eek by a gentle and If
St absolutely eafe process, without the u?c f]
h of- knife, ligature or caustic, without 1
ra pain and without detention from bust- II
a wise. I have cured thousands of cases g
H of this dlseafn. In not a. single Instance B
|| has my treatment been followed by un- . B
H desirable results. The methods I em- B
Kj ploy arf. in. their essential features. •
H distinctively my own, . and are a re- 'Ej
H suit of years of careful study and ob- K
H senatlon. Do not delay. Varicocele > 19
Q lias robbed many a man of his strength m
M and vitality, and if neglected results In M
Eg a wltherinpr and v/asllng away of the B
M organs involved. Your comfort, happl- ¦
Hj ness and safety demand a cure, and J M
IM the service I offer you is- not to be ob- H
fa talncd elsewhere.' . ,¦
I \Veakness.
B . 5Iy success in curing those functional
ra disnrJcrs, commonly, termed "weakness"
H is due to my full understanding as to
13 , th<> causative conditions, and to ray
H absolutely scientific methods of remov- -
H ' 1»S' thorn. Many cases of prpmature-
m ' ness, loss of power, etc., present a va-
gi ' iMety of symptoms so entirely confuslnz 3
H srnd v^rplexlng that most . physicians
U j havi fallen Into that dangerous rut, the
fi practice of treating 'by eet methods,
m .without discrimination and', without
N knowledge as to the real requirements
H My first step is In absolutely scientific"
m , nnd accurate diagnosis. In a large ma-
il , jorlty of cases.! find the sole cau«e of
H these functional derangements to be a
|a swollen. Irritated :and .chronlcallv . ln-
H flamed prostate gland, i This condition :
H ' cannot • possibly be remedied .by any
H treatment other than the local measures
Kj I employ, and to attempt to force nor-
H mal activity and vigor by the use of
H stimulants and tonics would : only < re ''
H *ult in aggravation of , the ' trouble ; : '
n Under my treatment a cure;ls positive
n and. certain, and absolutely -permanent J
"H ¦' because •¦ r accomplish ;it. br the re'
| moval of every cause responsible for the
n disorder. ....
Eg I cure Hydrocele, Stricture. Con-
H tracted Diseases. Specific Blood Poison
H Piles and all Kidney and Bladder dis-
m eaE?s. £39 ¦ - ¦¦¦-.. ¦---.- ¦¦¦-:¦-¦.. ¦¦ ,- '.
M CONSULTATION FREE
B, r I invite afflicted men. to 'consult me -
Ej free of charge, either In person at mv
B office or by letter." My coDyrlc-hJ.^ '
H pamphlet., "Live All . Tour YearV »
a Man,", will be mailed free. ™ a :
I DR. O; G. JOSLENi
¦ •:''• ~JJ 049 "Market Street,. '¦¦-¦
M ' Diasonally Opposite Hibe'rnia' Bank. M
: ADVEBTISEMSNTS. .. . ..^.^^^^^
f STERLING FURNITURE. \
I you'll find some bit of newness "^# Jkw^i I
1 -nodding at you. Something i ew f- £^=Pnl£: i
I tha you didnt expect to ee and |
•I at a price less than you expected [f^^HPW^HJKF I
I Beautiful Weathered OaK, I
1 7 ntii ; ifl111-'l-ifflllVl_L^J^ ' With Its rich color, itr tjualnt and massive designs. Looks U
H W£&£QMBiL WfflVGSs^S^V' as though it had stepped out of thf plxteenth century. |r
B , »fi^B5ijKM8*E fjjRm\Zsg} fa^^Sri Here s the kind of a table Peter Stuyvesant used In ¦
§ fHi4<Wwr l^^rfi^T— « =.' 'Iff Massive post 3 studded -with Krcat nail heads. The top jf
¦ ¦'•'; ¦ I I////////// IM m ' ls raa(3e ot lllch an< l a half planks, uneven at the ends' I
a . lt^/yXUgi. m 10l^jgx , J a^ lf * bound tozether with heavy wrougfhtlron bands. " /
H ' *i^HwS$fflt^S: la / S^7]J'^y5j I The original of the tab6uret urobably came over in f
|8 ,'jKEOJwy|:i f ,-;^^I>3r 'j some old Dutcli^ Khip. I^ooks like the kind of furniture f
H ' Jm pH^iTiwW'r,^ |f — * ~ J Such hosts of rockers, divans, tables, grandfather's ¦ /
m 'M Tnmacsfe^«lL . '¦¦^' rloeks! All in woathered oak. and the cost U surprls- I
1 W'fl '^^^^Ip^'^'^^St' I yi sma11 - Y t»u'ro welcome, remember, looking or |
i S^^^l^'^^ S ° PrCUy aild S ° DilIerent! f
H fnJ^ ; MMii'iiBi^'i«iMft3Li ' I"* *i nc * tne - v can be used in so many 9 o *
H BhHI^I^ fr Places: The prettiest kind of a reception i» ¦«¦ — g-J fl
H »wp^RB^i «n jiin 1 ¦*•! 1. at— l chair for the Darlor. What could be SlcJr JJr- S
H 'J : Ci rt —OPretUer for the boudoir? . F^TOtT-? • B
H »^-.' m «* in 1 Arm Rockers. Arm Chairs and [ \\]\)]i m
¦ A Suronsc for Your Parlor. Divans to match. u J'U'uj b
1 « JVi^uw iui luui **"»*"*• w© also have them in pol- b^^-3 W
¦ " - • iVrDriS8 PriCS SI6.5U Ished quarter-sawed oak at the ¦—-¦*»-» -^ «
¦ ¦ . - r the same price— p '¦' 'Ml a
M One of the handsomest and "dressiest" pieces «fe& /^fc/*> 1 JH
B ' of furniture made. I m
¦ Then think of its usefulness! rr~zl^LJ ™~ »
|4 A well appointed desk -svith pigeonholes, small > ~ r - J =?"^?*^y fi fef
¦ -•"" drawers and every convenience. All your favor- - Jw^im** 1 !*?....* ?***¦ *V.«. •'¦ D ¦ 4 — igf
- ¦---.¦¦' Ite books within hand's reach. Commodious EVCrjrllJing IOr IRC *^\i j ffl
m • cupboard below. • »» «nU^a. Mk _»-i_
H Made of polished mahoganized birch. Pattern IlOinC. A tin SvT/A
« French plate mirror in the top. Heavy glass , f*=»!i=afc-4 'V Mffl&myA
-^ H in the bookcase door and the shelves can be Our dry ffoods man wants 1 t I VViW^vl
IAk n adjusted to any height. Picture is accurate to to tell you about some new • W/Sr WW
Hi the smallest detail. UCE BEDSPREADS AT ; \*T M
wT%xm Don't know if you could find a similar book- So.OO. t?
M W case around town, but if you should you'll find _ ¦ ,,..-. El
w our price a good five dollars less. They re for double beds, sham? included: Point a}
m .That would buy that pretty chair— worth *av- d Esprit centers, true lovers' knots in the corners. mf
H \ ns double ruffle effect around the sides. a
B . q 6 ' ' i , '. 6 "DEFENDED" SHEETS AND PILLOW SLIPS. ff
» " Cheap stoves LOOK like good stoves— in pictures they can be made to LOOK even better. fir
M- - - Looks don't cofint for much. * OS
.-'»• .You want a stove that will bake— a stove that will Ia3t— a stove that will not keep you poor B
H paying coal bills. . ' ' n
K ' Coal dealers don't like our Richmond Range. Everybody else does— everybody who has tried »
¦ With onlv ordinary ffood treatment a Richmond will last twenty years. . |
S We've about ptven up hope that anybody will ever ask for their money back. . . 3
H RICHMOND RANGES *:» DOWNr-«t A tV'EEK. ; |
m If you should prefer a steel rangre. we have the best one/that money can buy— ¥
¦'¦¦"' GARLAND STEEL RANGES. ' • . \r? j
I I WE'D BE GLAD TO HAVE TOU OPEN AN ACCOUNT WITH US. I fi
¦ ; ¦-•-":. I .TOUCAN MAKE THE PAYMENTS TO SUIT YOUR CONVENIENCE. | B
j Sterling Furniture Company, \
g 1039 MarKet Si, Opposite McAllister.Tavatfo Is an Italian, 28 years old. 5 feet 4
Inches tall, weighs 140 pounds; heavy, stout
shoulders; large, dark eyee. showing consid
erable white; black hair, brack mustache, not
very heavy; Is wearing a black coat, gray
vest, gray pants, old white soft hat, red col
¦ired shoes; may have on pair of overalls over
'.rouaers. as they are missing: negligee shirt,
tiff collar and bow necktie. Speaks fair
English.
Deputy District Attorney Bell, who per
sonally interviewed the witnesses at the
mine yesterday, believes that there will
not be enough evidence to hold Fran
chintti and Pifferini for the crime. He
believes that, from what he has heard
and seen of the affair. Tavano is the
actual murderer. Sheriff Dunlap, Deputy
Sheriff Grauss and others believe that
Franchinetti is implicated in the killing.
The circulars sent out by the Sheriff
-jive the following description of the mur
derer:
Tavano went to the bunkhouse with his
companions, but could not rest. He then
went to Englehradt's quarters, got his
pistol and started for the hills In a north
erly direction from the mine.
was In danger, and attempted to eject
Franchinettl from the place. Tavano,
whose knife had been taken from him!
picked up a miner's candlestick and
joined in the fray. AH rolled through the
doorway out into the open. Pifferini says
he saw Tavano stab Englehardt several
times with 1 the sharp-pointed candlestick.
After this all left the scene, supposing
that Englehardt was not badly wounded
and went to their bunks. "Later one of
them returned and found their victim
dead. .
FUGITIVE MURDERER WHOM
A NAPA COUNTY POSSE
HOPES- TO CAPTURE.
Reports were received yesterday at the
Merchants* Exchange to the effect that
the schooner Minnie A. Caine. which was
ashore on Smith Island, has been floated
and that the schooner Viking, which left
this city, on March 10, is ashore and high
and dry at.Unga, with her shoe and rud
der gone. .
Schooner in Trouble.
Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neural jcu.
Druggists. ROc flasK. Richard & Co.. 404 CUy.
Mrs. Johnson, 4019 Twenty-fourth street,
reported to the police yesterday that Fri
day moping a young man rang her door
bell two* or three times. She was busy at
the time, and upon going to the floor she
saw the young man trying to open it with
a key. He said he was a sewing machine
agent and hurried away. Mrs. Johnson
described him as about 24 years of age
of medium height, rather stout, and with
large blue eyes and small mustache
His Actions Suspicious.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Small/ delicious chocolate-coated pellets for
constipation, biliousness, sick headaches dys
pepsia, 10c, 28c. * •
Kruttschnltt assured the Mayor that
construction work would be first class in
every respect. He expressed a desire to
discuss the matter more fully with the
Street Committee. The conference then
came to an end.
"The company," said I Harriman, "is
willing to comply with any reasonable re
quirements the city might exact. The cut
off line would relieve the Mission of the
, heavy trains now running through that
section q'n -the" existing tracks. • It is in
tended to run . all j the freight trains and
most of the passenger trains over the cut
oft line. The time . between . Saa Mateo
and this city will then be reduced by ten
or. fifteen minutes. -."We desire to come
into closer touch with the people and es
tablish more amicable, relations than hav*»
hitherto existed between the company
and the community."
Harriman assured the Mayor during a
pleasant talk that the company was de
sirous of building the road so as to make
it the least objectionable to the people
living in its vicinity.
E. H. Harriman, president of the South
ern Pacific Company, visited Mayor
Schmltz yesterday morning In company
with Julius Kruttschnltt, general manager
of the road, and Attorney William. F.
Herrln to discuss the franchises and priv
ileges sought to be obtained by the cor
poration" from the Board" of Supervisors.
These include a petition for a right of
way forthe cut-off line from Sunnydale
avenue to Sixth street.
ises a First-Glass
Cut-Off Line.
Railway President Prom-
MAYOR CONFERS
WITH HMHIMU
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are now ready tor distribu
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this great book at the prem
ium rate of $1 SO. Out of
tovra subscribers desiring: a
copy of this splendid prem
ium utIII be supplied on re
ceipt of fl SO. All mall
orders will be snipped by- ex
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
STOCKTON, May 10.— The train, crop In. San
Joaquln'County this year will not.be so great
as .was estimated earlier In .the season.- Lack
of rain in. April lessened the chances for a big
wheat crop and the cold and unsettled weather
of- the past few. weeks has retarded the growth
of {barlev. ' . . . . •• ¦¦¦..- ;.•-¦¦
The manufacture of wire cables, ' well
drilling ropes, furniture springs, etc., will
be gradually extended, r and the manufac
ture of wire and - wire products will ¦ be
undertaken as fast as. conditions permit.
About 150 men are employed now, and it
is expected that the number will' be very
largely Increased when the new plant ia
in operation. - - -—
Two switch tracks will be run into the
factory J and warehouse from \Harrison
street by. the Southern Pacific
The site comprises five and three-quar
ter acres, and the trust paid the Mechan
ics' Institute $90,000 for It. Expenditure
for site and building will- probably reach
a quarter of a million dollars.
The plans for the new plant were drawn
up by W. P. Palmer of Cleveland, Ohio,
president of- the American Steel and Wire
Company: Chief Engineer F. H. Daniels
of the same corporation, whose home is
at Worcester, .Mass. ; George H. Ismon,
Pacifi Coast sales agent, and Henry M.
Brittan, superintendent of the plant,; at
the' time of Messrs. Palmer and Daniels'
visit to San Francisco earlv In March
The new plant will embrace the manu
facturing branch and an immense ware
house M all • under one roof. The great
building will be but one story high on
account of the great weight of the mate
rials handled. But It will be most sub
stantially constructed, in modern mill
construction style, of brick and wood,
with heavy walls on concrete pier founda
tions, and with thick fire walls dividing
It into sections. It will be 520 feet long
on the Folsom-street front, 460 feet on
Fifteenth, 180 feet on Sixteenth and 130
feet on the Harrison-street side, the en
tire building taking the form of an L.
The Sixteenth-street end will be given
up to the immense warehouse, which will
be used for the storage of Eastern pro
ducts of the steels trust, as well i as for
the housing of the output of the San
Francisco works.
The plant at North Beach will be util
ized until the expiration of the lease,
March 1 of next year. It is the old Cali
fornia Wire Works plant, which . j was
taken over in 1S95 by the Washburn and
Moen Manufacturing Company, which, in
turn, was absorbed three years ago by
the American Stcel^arid Wire Company,
a New Jersey corporation. The latter
company .became a 1 part of the United
States Bteel Corporation a year ago.
The steel trust has begun work on the
new and greatly enlarged plant at Six
teenth and Folsom streets to take the
place of its North Beach property, In ac
cordance with the plans as announced
exclusively, in The Call a month ago.
Teams are busy filling in and grading
and workmen are putting in concrete
piers for the foundations, and in less
than a year the trust will be manufac
turing wire and twisting it into cables
on the site made familiar to J3an Fran
ciscans by the annual games in -which
Stanford and the University of California
have struggled on that* field for football
supremacy. "
Work Is Begun on Stee
Trust's Factory and
Warehouse.
Discovers Many Breaks
1 in New Culvert at
Mayor .iSchmltt [ notified . the .Board : of
Public Works yesterday that an expert,
J. Fitzpatrick, had reported to him that
the . Trocadero culvert under? "the .-Nine
teentb'V\'^Qe 5 .:*fiir^V,Wa's;jnvij^dVcQndition
and was in imminent danger of going to
pieces. -The Mayor, 'who had also made
ay personal inspection of the culvert, found
that the masonry was cracking in various
places and bricks could be taken out by
the hand.; The Mayor notified the board
that if some remedy were not taken to
prevent further cracking of the masonry
the culvert would collapse and a loss of
$10,000 would fall on the city. Contractor
McDonald informed the Mayor that the
work was done according to plans and
specifications furnished by the Board of
Works, and on Investigation his Honor
found that the contractor had carried out
his part of the contract The Mayor be
lieves the plans were defective, and- orders
the board to locate the blame for the
trouble. "* -
The culvert cost $1500, and the remain
ing $8500. of the appropriation was utilized
to fill in the gulch. City Engineer Grun
sky filed a report on the subject on April
14 last saying that the culvert has been
under close observation eves since it was
known that the masonry showed cracks
resulting from the heavy weight of earth
and sand filling above it. The report out
lines the following remedy for the de
fects: .
The preferred plan of treatment would be
to line the structure with cast iron filling the
space between the cast iron and the masonry
with concrete. . The central section of the
structure for a distance of 100 feet should be
reinforced. The reinforcement should be of
such character as to enable the Inner rlns'of
to again assist In carrying: the load.
Whether this reinforcement must hereafter
be further extended than for 100 feet as now
.suggested may be left for future determina
tion. Various plans have been considered but
the only one which appears entirely satisfac
tory is one which involves an expenditure of
Tries to Commit Suicide.
Hiss Annie Hobart of 2622 Twentieth
street tried to commit suicide last evening
by taking carbolic add. She had become
despondent over her sister's 111 health, but
fortunately took only a light dose. • She
•was taken to the City and County Hospi
tal for treatment. She will recover.
April's Immigrants.
Richard Eccleston. statistician for the
United States Immigrant Bureau at this
port, reports 584 immigrants and 306 tour
ists and in transits as having arrived dur
ing April. Of the 584 there are 187 Eng
lish, US Japanese, 44 Scandinavians 27
Germans, 41 Mexicans, 23 Scotch. 22 each
?/ Hf 1 , 111118 . 1 s Panlsh-Americans and Irish.
14 Finlanders 9 French, 7 Dutch and 6
each of West Indians and East Indians.
The occupations represented are 123 mar
iners, 47. merchants. 32 laborers. 24 farm
laborers, 24 skilled not specified, 16 farm-
A r %J** eagl ?? eT \ A clergymen. U miners.
4 printers. 4 shoemakers, 2 artists. 2
bakers. 2 butchers. 5 carpenters. 11 clerks.
3 machinists. 27 servants. 34 miscellaneous
not stated and 178 no occupation "" 1COU?
MAYOR. REBUKES
j BOARD OF IRKS
GROUND BROKEN
FOR BIG PLANT
NAPA, May 10.— As a result of the
Coroner's Inquest held at Oat Hill
to-day over -the body of Charles
Engrlehardt, the jury late this af
¦ ternoon brought In a verdict
charging Antonio P. Tavano, Amadlo
Franchinettl and Bmllio Plfferinl with
murder. Tavano Is still : large, thougn
Sheriff Dunlap and a posse are hot on
his track. The Sheriff has offered $100
reward for his capture. The officers have
spent* the entire day in the mountains in
the. vicinity of Oat Hill in an effort to
locate the f usituve. ¦ ,
Deputy ¦ Sheriff Grauss of Calistoga
brought Franchinetti and Pifferinl to the
Napa jail to-day. Franchinettl will not
talk about the murder. Pifferinl asserts
that Englehardt and Tavano quarreled a
week ago at the 'mine,' but patched up
their differences. On Thursday night Ta
vano . was under the ? influence of liquor
and visited Franchinetti and Pifferini.
They told him to go to his bunkhouse
and get some sleep. The two men then
escorted Tavano over to Englehardt's
bunkhouse, Tavano having been stopping
with the German. Englehardt was there
with several other miners and was get
ting ready to retire.
Pifferini says that Tavano kept saying,
"I'll fix him, I'll fix him," meaning En
glehardt. Englehardt realized that he
V SAN FBANCISCO CALIii , SUNDiVY, MAY 11, 1902.
Sheriff Du-lap and Posse Are Close Upon the Trail of An
tonio Tavano, Slayer of Charles Englehardt at the Oat Hill
I Mine, Near Calistoga; and Hope to Effect Early Capture
SEARCHING NAPA COUNTY
HILLS FOR A MURDERER
28
_:V';V "¦¦;•; ggPEBTOPTiciAiL
GEORGE MAYERLE,
THE GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Additional comments by the _ leading news-
papers of San* Francisco upon the annoying
circumstances forced upon him by motives of
a rival. .
OPINION OF THE "POST."
The~Eveningr Post says that George Mayerle*s
methods have been copied. "George Mayerle,"
the Post observes, "by reason of his wide ad-
vertising, has built up a large business," which
the Interloping" firm next door, to him is en-
deavoring ' to - secure. : ¦ .. 'Jg. . , .
Despite the attempts which' have. been made
to attract his ..business, '.George " Mayerle. the
German 'Expert .Optician, of 1071 Market street,
continues ; to" hold' his patrons, for ¦ they, know
his scientific methods. ; Be .. not misled. Ke-"
member- the number— 1071 Market street, and
the full name, . George •: Mayerle, the German
Expert Optician. His trademark Is an eye with
a crown. . • '¦'.
The Wasp says: "The. attempt of another
person ojt the same name to capture the busi-
ness establish*! by George Mayerle, the well-
known optician at 1071 Market street, will
eventually do Mr. Mayerle more good than
harm. . It Is an old trick, and a discreditable
one, to try to steal a man's business, and It
never - succeeds. The newspapers^ should pro-
tect George Mayerle. He has been a liberal
advertiser, and conducted his business on rep-
utable lines, and . now. when he begins to reap
the benefit of his hard work, another person
claiming . the same name opens an office next
door, to get the benefits of his advertising,,
and appropriate his patronage. The interloper
appears to be doing no business at all, and it
would be an outrage if he did."
Be not misled, look for the full name, George
Mayerle, also an eye with . a crown on every
window, and remember the entrance. 1071.
/ The
Black Goods House
1106 Market Street
Tailor-Made
Garments
To Order.
We produce a well-made, pcrfrct
fitting Tailor Suit in Cheviot. Venc
si an cr timilar stylish material, of
fine quality. •
$25.00 »
Fit. style, material and workman"
ship guaranteed first class.
R, T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
6S 1 " Mention this paper.
•
| The firm of Rosenthal, Feder & |
i Co ,9 and 11 Sansome St, 8. F., will |
: retire from the jobbing business. All 8
[• .goods. to : be- closed out at 18 per |
|| cent less^th^n original invoice 5
; price. x > I
! Such an opportunitjr to purchase J
: from this immense stock of snappy §
; up-to-date goods has never been 1
; offered on the Pacific Coast |
I Write for price list. \ : |
Goods mustbe sold by June 1. |
If your feet could read they^i watch this
spsce for new arguments in favor of wearing
4 good, soft, comfortable shoes.
Now that hot weather is here, why.
continue to torture your long suffering
feet with badly built, poorly made, un-
generouS shoes? It's not good horse sense—you
wouldn't treat a dog as badly as you treat your
own feet. -¦;¦:¦¦; ;;_ : ;.'.}?¦; • ,
A sweet temper is soon soured if the feet are
Improperly shod. What man, what woman
doesn't know this? Liberty for your toes means
freedom for your mind. 1^ r£-^
Both are made possible by wearing Walk-
Over Shoes. We scientifically fit your feeUwith
scientifically constructed shoes.
All the New York and Philadelphia «.
"mannish" lasts/for women— all the swell Jt
English models for men— are now being Ptt
shown. . j I'-jfi
Watch our windows. Better shoes than Eaj?
are sold at most storesfor Five and Six
Dollars are here for $3.50— never less.
Why pay Five and Six Dollars? \
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
. F. F. WRIGHT & SON,
tftSfSSSTSE 924-26 Market Street. ,&$&
ADVERTISEMENTS. . o
• . , / . . .. . ...
Women's Tailor Suits
t Special at $15
We believe that this is the sea-
son's most remarkable sale of women's
tailor suits. It constitutes several hun-
dred desirable garments, selected from
a stock that has formerly sold for
£20.00 and $25.00 each, embracing a
wide range of materials, /such as
broadcloths, cheviots and Venetians,
in blues, browns and Oxford grays;
also, black. All are cu. in the litest
blouse, Eton anJ fancy blou-e effects, j
with flare skirts. Every garment man- 1
tailored; no extra charge for altera-
tions. Sizes, 32 to 42., Price,
I $15.00 a suit
Short Silk Jackets "Long Silk Goats :
A special showing of stylish Eton, ; Long silk coats ,_ for street wear,
Gibson and blouse silk iackets, made made from, taffeta, peau de soie or
from either taffeta, peau de soie or moire silk, in several styles: some
moire silk, handsomely tailored.. with with .triple capes; many are 'lined
strapping or lace trimminRs; special throughout with white satin; value
at $30.00/ Speckl at . .
S1O.OO -<¦ 920.00
Silk Dress Skirts ||||
Silk dress skirts, made of either taffeta, peau de soie or
moire silk, all cut in the height of fashion; you can't du- ' \ . ?\
plicate them under $20.00. Special at.. JJ512.5O ;
Walking Skirts' ', . *¦ /?£r\
For wear on the street, in the mountains or at the sea- l/\ J\
shore: made with the proper hang from- good weight _. ye4 yfjl
cloth: all lengths. Special at . .*. ,$5.OO V j / f\
Sateen Skirts 'ifflA
Another special offering of fine mercerized sateen <^^fTr^
skirts. They have deep umbrella flounce, with fine, tiny '"^vSSijir^
tucks: full accordion-plaited flounce; also, underlay, vel- vS^ii'ss?*
veteen bound; regular price? $1.95. Special at.. ¦. i :$l«25 Xffii^*"^"
R. D. Davis & Go.
Cor. Geary St. and Grant Ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ '_¦
• • . • JL . * JL^. • • . •
. ¦ . i . ¦ . ¦ - . ' . . . ¦ /
200 PIECES BEST QUALITY IRISH PRINTED-
DIMITY, exclusive designs and In all the new color Ings,
£UGh as Bines. Pinks. Grans, Layender, Castor and Eladc
and White . . . . ... ......... ... IV. .;. Pr.ce;25c Yard : *
100 PIECES SCOTCH TENNir SHIRTING FLANNELS,
all new patterns, In -stripes/ Gnecks and solid: colors
suitable i for ladles' shirt waists; anil gentlemen's snlrts
..(... .........:.. ;.. .... Price 35c Yard
200- DOZEN LINEN HUCK TO WELSrail-redhorders
and hemmed, l&^^hiGhes. ..... Price $1.00 Dozen
_ Regular value S1.5O. ¦ ¦>
25 PIECES 50-INCH ALL-WOOL CAMEL'S HAIR
CHEVIOT In two-tone Cheyron erfects,,sultahie for/suits
and skirts. . ...... ... .'..... ... . . . Price 75c-Yard
Regular Value for $1,5O,
LADIES' 2-CLASP LISLE AND SILK GLOVES In'
White, Black, Modes, Pastlaue and Graps
. . . . ......... . . . . ... . .50c, 75c and $1.00 Pair
SPECIAL QUALITY BLACK SILK MOIRE VELOUR,
the most popular weaye at present for silk coats and
skirts..... ...Price $I.OO Yard
MAIL ORDERS oromptly and carefully executed and samples
forwarded free to any address.
¦.©.. ¦ . ~ ~ : : ¦¦ , :
¦ ' ¦ '-
¦III. 113. 115/ 117. ;«9. 121 POST STREET.
. ' ' *~* - ' i.- ..' r. ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ¦ .. • "7 ¦» ..
S> .. u.i... -A.. ..'.'.'* „ ~Jn.', "~l . ' »'l ,„'. ..JJiJ.' i..'r * '.'l. 'j. l I '.-.''' +' '.' | .'''..'.I".' |'*'."'| lill ' *i
\i Don't you want a cart like this? We have It, and others, too. We !>!'
«¦ sell the standard old Studebaker Farm -Wagron. as well as the most styl- tf',
I? Ish, up-to-date pleasure vehicles. Two thousand vehicles In stock at San }!;
V Francisco. . . <>
|: Ask for 1302 Catalogues.> 'A
I StpdebakerHros. foMBajyg I
1 OF CAIJCFORMIA. 1
<| Market and loth Streets. San Francisco. is
I THE J. NOONAN FUBN1TUBE CO., Inc."
A carload arrives every day this week and next. . The finest Jinc of Far.
niturp we have ever carried. We can furnish your house complete with very
.¦ newest ideas and- creations in furnishings. Davenports, large and small
Beautiful Curly Maple, Oak and Mahogany Suits for DrawinR-Room. Din-
ing-Room, Hall or Chamber. Everything for the kitchen. You don't have to
borrow any money to buy here."
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING— WE PAY NO RENT.
Free Delivery to Oakland. AUaaeda and Berkeley.
THE J.NOONAN FURNITURE CO., /«.
1017-1023 Ml»»lon Street, above Sixth. San Francisco. -
| aWBCL08BAT,6P.M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
Wj %l l»«w4T«r«o« l»ab«ttt«Um +£& XmIca! O B ft M 3LiMt#™tWOTaMS^**
¦ — — _ jj?j S3 Cl pel Pwfil PQ RJrS m §«
"D D TT C II T? C F OR BARBERS. BAK-" D^^^^^^^^^^^SS^^^^
ijllUollilo ""»• bootblacks, bath- |«^y]^S£K^^^^^SSfe^
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. cann«r»! W^ioS»ijS^iK^i ; *f^S^St^^J^SHS5g-
dyer.. 'flourmillstV foundrlea. Uundrtes. • paper- : ; — — : ; ¦
hangers, printers, painters.- shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc fj^i^ftjiirBiuVW****. DJIOT8JOC "
uccaa.i\ . bhoo.. -^^^^^^^ ilUa ! Unll
Brush Manufacturers. 603 SacMmanto St by Dr.Pierw^ g.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. fl^^^^^^^uSukTlt^&Stort* J
KEABNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE- ¦('"^^Sxti 5* nri .*Z 1 A P ?? e^^*n n^.* M
-modeled «nd renovated. ' KINO. WAIID & 11 /Si \ U . doe * "• workl "*^ C ," M
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to »U50 day; (/MX wTH***ferfor"BOOXLSTSO.l, JK;
$B to $S week; $8 to! $20 month. Free batha ; rL L Addreaa: Magnetic E.TrsSS C&. £g£
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la 206 Port Street, San Francisco, Cal. JlgK
every room; elevator runs all night. . i Or 83 W. Mth St., Mew Yoric, Mention tM» r»per OS3Mrs. John Lewis Chllds, wife of ex-Sen
ator Chllds of New York,' State president
of, the Sunshine in New York; . Mrs.
Charles Hathaway of the advisory board
of the International Sunshine, and Mrs.
Denlson, vice president of the Sunshine
and president of the General Federation
of Women's Clubs. The Alden Club has
arranged to charter the observation car
Delegates to Conven=
tion Are Enter*
tamed.
MEMBERS OF INTERNATIONAL
SUNSHINE SOCIETY ARRIVE
AND ARE WARMLY WELCOMED
Berlin's' richest inhabitant-has paid a
tax of $23,300 on. his .last year's: income of
$583,750.-.- -'v : . ' ', '• : - ¦¦- ' :. • ¦•. •
In 1900 the United States made about
£.000,000 more tors of pig iron than were
znadci in the United Klnp-dom.and nearly
6,GJ0,O00 more tons of steel.' .
A . — — ¦
The Board of Education has set to-mor
row at 9 a. m. for the trial of. Miss Mary
McKinney, .who ~\s accused of incompe
tency .by Principal Lyser of the John
Swett School. Subpenas were issued by
the secretary of . the board for a number
of witnesses who will testify at the trial.
Trial of Miss McKinney.
Justice: of the, Peace Daniels>gave judg
ment';yesterday in; favor 'of the '.Western
Fish 'Company, who 'nad been sued by A.
D Splivalo; an attorney, , for. $250 for ser
vices rendered. r Splivalo, claimed that he
had effected; an •¦ agreement to .- purchase
for the defendant twenty-two shares of a
rival -fish '.company.; for $5000, but- Judge
Daniels ' ruled that , as ; the : agrfeement ',. to
sell > had- not -been^ signed: Splivalo 'couid
not 'recover. ' .
Attorney* Splivalo Loses.
. . The shortest, and . now the : most elegantly
equipped, line la the Lacka wanna Railroad,
which traverses the most beautiful scenery tha
Allegheny Mountains afford. Through trains
are operated via this line from Chicago, Kan
sas City and St. LouU to New .York. It will
be to the Interest of passengers to inquire of
local railroad . agents or wrlta Geo. A. Cullen.
General Western Passenger Agent. 103 Adana
street. Chicago. • ; .
From Buffalo to New York.
It Is my opinion that If the people of Hum
bcldt can bo aroused to take the right kind
of interett Ja the primary election they can send
down to the State convention a. delegation en
tirely unpledged and certain to shape Its
"course In the interests of clean' politics- and to
help place in the field the best possible ticket.
g Humboldt County has not had the name of a
machine politics county until the last four cr
nvr* years. ¦ Prior to that time rt was . known
as a county standing for clean politics and
honest methods. - 1 believe the vast majority of
tb» people are opposed to.gan? rule. Campbell
and his crowd have made politics their game, -
after the plan of Croker and of Buckley. They
have got many excellent young men 'In their
following and have polluted their Ideas until
they have come to think that anything: Is right,
that wins. But the majority of our people are
opposed to that sort of thin?.
Be far as Gage Is concerned. If he were rep
resented by auy but machine politicians he
would stand • well In Humboldt County. , The
pt-ople do not like the men who toot the Gage
horn. Senator Selvage has been a Gage man.
but because the gang could not control him
they threw him over. I think it probable that
he .v/111 have to fight the machine and all "it
rtpresents.' even to demanding that an entirely
unpledged delegation be sent to the State • con
vention. *. Salvage will have the support -of the
be«i Republicans If ¦ he . makes ¦ unceasing • war-
J. F. Thompson, editor of the . Eureka
Standard and president of the board of
trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home'-of
California. is-*n San Francisco to attend
the Grand Lodge of that order. He was
asked last night for an interview on the
political situation in Humboldt County,
and In. response he. said: ¦ . .
.' , A.",' Jl Cbff ey, • whose plans • for a $500,003
hospital were accepted for the last bond
Issue, fsince ' declared illegal, "produced
them and -claimed superiority for them
over those of Dr. -Flint. D'Ancona dis
puted,.the legality of. the board's action
In' recommending. the plans. ., City Archi
tect Mooser declared that the board
could employ outside architects to do ex
traordinary work and D'Ancona retorted
that the "Supervisors 'might then abolish
the: Bureau of Architects In the 1 Works
Department. > The , committee was unable
to decide between. the plans and another
meeting will be held next Friday night to
take action. ; .-¦;.. - " .
DKi J. M. Flint of the "University of Cal
ifornia explained his plans submitted last
week' far approval. They "provide for 450
beds.Vwhlch . Dr.' C. N. Elllnwood thought
sufficient, as he contended that 25 per cent
of the patients sent to the hospital. should
be taken to the Almshouse instead. . Dr.
Flint* stated -that his' , sketches merely
showed what : a. hospital ought , to be. .
-." John ' Elbert.'" superintendent of the City
and County ..Hospital, stated that it would
cost front $150,000; to $200,000 yearly to run
the hospital' as designed by Dr. Flint. .
I The y advisory, committee of, physicians
appointed ?to discuss, plans- for the pro
posed "ne\<c city and county hospital held
a conference, yesterday, at, which Mayor
Schmiiz, Supervisors D'Ancona and* Al
pers,' Commissioner.- of -Works • Manson
and I City ; Engineer Grunsky were also
present.
COMMITTEE DISCUSSES ., .
J v . iPLANS FOR HOSPITAL
At the Pacific Union Club on Post street
lastv night, John W. Mackay tendered a
banquet to E. H. Harriman. Twenty
five of the city's wealthiest and most
prominent men sat down to the tables.
Those present were: John W. Mackay,
E. H. Harrlman, Hermann Oelrlchs, Wil
liam F. Herrin, Homer King, I. W. Hell
man. P. N. lilienthal. W. G. Irwin, Louis
Glass, Julius Kruttschnitt, William Al
vord;. Thomas Brown, A. Chesebrough.
J. W.. Byrne, R. P. Schwerin, William
Sproule. A. E. Head, J\C. Stubbs. Irving
II." Scott, W. S. Wood, E. M. Ross. T. B.
McFarland, W. W. Morrow. General W.
H. L. Barnes and Horace Platt.
J. W MACXAY GIVES
/•'-./ BANQUET TO HARRIMAU
People Aroused Against
Humboldt's Corrupt
Bib'g.v
"In many portions of the manufactur
inff districts vehicles, and other articles of
various kinds are placed -and allowed to
remain -upon the roadways; and It is the
dfflre cf this board that the practice be
olKcouraged by an. enforcement of the or
(iiuance prohibiting it. An observance by
business ir.«sn of the requirement of sec
tjca 6 of Order Ivo. 10>S, that :t«>t;rturt?«
in the sidewalks shall he securely closed
when r:ot in cctUiU ' use. vvouid afi'ori
much relief to pctaor.B -who are constant
ly eonipJa!nmsr of the non-observance of
tfce t>aid retirement." v
Board of Public Works Bequests Chief
of Police to Enforce Exi «tln g
Ordinances. ~>; <
With a view toward conserving the
right of the public to free passage and
us« of the sidewalks of this city, without
unduly harassing certain commercial pur
suits, the Board of Public Works yester
day sent a communication to Chief of
Police Wlttman requesting that official
to enforce the ordinances relating to ob
structions upon sidewalks and streets.'
After referring to a conference on the
subject held on April 16, at which were
present Mtyor Schmitz, members of the,
.Merchants' Association and the Commis
sioners of Public Works, the communica
tion says: , 4
"A Judicious enforcement, of the or
clr.ances now in force and effect would
give ampie passageway over sidewalks
in the so-callc<? mercantile and manufac
turing districts to all pedestrians having
occasion to use the same; and, at the
same Um*, would permit the carrying on
of business, as to goods, wares and mer
chandise, in course of receipt or delivery,
to a practicable extent. Commissioner
Casey, recently visited the section of the
city lying east of Sansame street and In
terviewed many persons conducting bus
iness-in that section, and as a result of
the vlult and interviews , found that the
ordinances could be enforced without lui-
I>osl38' detrimental restrictions UDon
trade. ; • . . " .<
PREDICTS DEFEAT
OF THE BOSSES
In regard to our legislative ticket, the people
of Humboldt County are /i-ery friendly to Sena
tor Perkins and there is' little. doubt that men
favorable to him wnl be elected to the Assem
bly. . . ._ . ¦';¦'
The fight between Campbell and his hench
ra»n and the . independent Republicans will be
to the finish. ¦ I do' not underestimate the
strength' of such an organization as Camobell
has built up. They have control of most of the
offices of the county and most. of the patronage
in Eureka. But I believe the people are so far
aroused now that they will not allow Campheli
to control the State delegation or to name
county officers. ¦;• - . . : -; .'¦... .
On general principles I do not believe that thp
President and his Cabinet will tolerate in any
officer political interference , or bosslsm -' Mr
Roosevelt had enough experience with ring poli
tics when. he was trying to purify the govern!
ment of New .York City to detest that sort 'of
thing and to put his foot on It whenever he
can. ' ¦ . ¦¦¦ • ¦ ¦¦ \ . • , - - -\ ¦ -¦
You say action has been begun, against Buhne
for libel on account of his charges against
Campbell. I do not know that all these charges
are true, but if half are true Mr. Campbell is
unfit to hold the office he now 'occupies R The
majority of the people believe Senator 'Selvage'
told the truth In his affidavit, and If the libel
suit Is begun as a bluff it will not work, for
Buhne and Selvage are thoroughly in earnest
Selvage is a hard fighter, and being in the n~ht
he will not weigh his chances for the Congres
sional nomination as worth very much In com
parison to success In his struggle to put Camn
bell out of power.' ' : . . ... v ¦
As a rule we have had good officers. Good
men have even been friendly. to the grang, .not
wanting to incur its enmity, and haj'e been
dictated to by the ring entirely too frequently.
But if It appears that the charges made by
Councilman . Buhne against Collector of the
Port Campbell are true, and that. other rumors
—and there are plenty of them— are well
founded, there are enough honest Republicans
in Humboldt . County to strip : Campbell of his
horors and his power. .; ¦• '¦' :•¦•'*.¦
It is commonly understood that Campbell and
his associates have -' a slate prepared, with a
candidate for nearly. every office. • But it has
been their policy to pick up in different parts
of the county some strong men whom they
knew they could not beat even If they, tried,
and then to work 1A others they could con
trol. Shrewd bosses do not, always Insist on
their own henchmen.
fare on the machine. There are -many .'deter
mined men- in the party who are sick of hav-'
in? Campbell portion out the offices and decide
who shall go to conventions and who shall have
every little office.
was possible to investigate the matter.
The Attorney General of New York State
is investigating it- under out State anti
trust law, and if facts can be developed
to show that there was any combination
for the purpose of maintaining or forcing
the prices up the proper, remedies would
be applied to punish and break down, the
combination.',' . / . s : ; ¦ ;j
"There has been a good deal of specula
tion as to whether you wouldbe a candi
date for the Presidency of 'the United
States." said a press representative. "Is
there any. foundatlon\to the'rumor?" "
.'¦?At Charleston," he said, "during the
exercises, of New York day, some face
tious reference was made to that fact by
th*\ gentleman ' who Introduced me to the
gathering. At that : time I stated I was
for President Roosevelc and so far as I
knew the State of New " York was for
him." -•:¦ ¦ ¦• •
"But are you going to be a candidate?"
was asked. ' • ¦ ' ¦ ' '
"I am compelled to say that I must not
discuss politics," was the answer.
Governor Odell was then told about the
GOVERNOR OFEMPftlE STATE
WHO ARRIVED HERE LAST
EVENING. .
• ! Acsocl&te members— Mrs. Isadore Burns,
Mrs. John F. Merrill. Mrs. Washington Ayer,
Mr*. T. B. McFarland, Mrs. Ella M. Sexton.
Miss Florence Benjamin. Mies Jennie McFar-
Und. Miss Sadie Fritch, Miss Marie Dener
vand. Miss Virginia Dare. Mlas Mae "W. Mor
ton, Miss Meta Stofen. Miss I^avlnla Deleting,
Miss Alice' May,* Miss . Fernanda Pratt. Ml«9
Kette Sexton. Miss Abble Edwards. Miss Eli
zabeth Edwards, Miss Jessica Blake, Miss Ma
bel rrieman.
Hermosa for the | entertainment of Its
guests. Luncheon will be daintily served
at the ocean beacnr a caterer being en
gaged.to go out from the city. Those en
route eastward will take their train at 3
o'clock. The ladles who comprise the Aid
ed Club and who will entertain are:
arrangements and has planned a delight
ful day for the ladies to-day. The guests
of honor will be Mrs. Alden, president of
the international Sunshine Society and
cromlaentlv ld#>ntiflftd with club Interests;
ternational Sunshine So
ciety proceeded to the home of Mrs. John
F. Merrill, Van Nees avenue and
Washington street, -where they were en
tertained with delightful inf ormality. Mies
Maiel Ayer. president of the Alden Club.
& tr«jach of the Sunshine, has charge of
"Ty "Ty yHEN the New York spe-
H JH / cial arrived last evening
H /» / bearing a large number
mS MS 3f delegates to the recent
Y W sonvention at Los Angeles
the members of the In-
ALL SIDEWALKS MUST BE
KEPT CLEAR IN FUTURE
Discusses Many Sub
jects but Won't Talk
Politics.
Since leaving New York Governor Odell
has visited Charleston, /where. he partici
pated In the New York day ceremonies at
the big exposition. From there he jour
neyed to Atlanta and thence to : New
Orleans. His party then went direct to
Los Angeles and visited Santa Barbara,
next going to Monterey. He stated that
he intended going back to Monterey and
might visit the Yosemlte before depart
ing from California. The Governor and
his party will return to Albany by way
of the Canadian Pacific Railroad.
"I have absolutely declined all Invita
tions sent me by the citizens of the vari
ous cities through which I have journeyed
because of a lack off time. I did, however,
agree to meet and did meet informally
the members of the Chamber of Com
merce of Los Angeles. I shook hands
with a great many gentlemen and ad
dressed a few remarks to them. The In
vitations you speak of have been received,
but as yet I have not accepted any or
them. Whether I will do so remains to
be seen. 1 doubt whether I will break
my rule, however. Mr. Harrlman, who
is an old friend of* mine, has invited mo
to a dinner and I think that will be the
only function I will attend. I am op
posed to public demonstrations."
Governor Odell left Albany, N. T., on
April 23, and expects to return to th»
capital the first week in June. This is
not his first trip to this State. He was
here two years ago and he stated last
evening: "The fact that I am back again
proves that I am in love with California,
Its beautiful climate and its people."
DECLINES INVITATIONS.
plans of various organizations to fittingly
entertain him during his stay In this city.
He was informed that" the Union League
Club intended giving him a banquet or a
reception and that the Society of New
York, of which General Barnes Is a lead
ing member, was going to do likewise.
In reply to this Information the Governor
said:
-i'May.10, 1902.V ¦ -.¦" ' ','«'" V w
-Late in the afternoon George McComb,
accompanied by his attorney, .Leon Sam
uel made a demand for the office of Jus
tices' Clerk from Powel "Fredrick. : the
Mayor's appointee. : A certified - copx of
Judge Sloss' ¦ order directing Fredrick to
turn over the office - and records to Mc,-
Comb was also served on Fredrick; The
latter refused to comply with the order,
saving that " he would refer " It to his at
torney Fredrick Intimates that J he will
appeal the case to the Supreme Court.
¦ The chief executive" of New York was
then asked, to give his views on the beef
trust and whether the Democratic party
would use it as an issue in the coming
campaign." \ .•-•¦'
' "There is some .talk about . the beef
trust," he said. "The Republican national
administration, has been doing all that
with 'approval in People vb. Scannell,
7 Cal.; 433. . '"¦¦;' . /: 5
i "I conclude, therefore, that the pe
tioner,: McComb, is the actual incum
bent of the "office in question, and
as such is' entitled to the possession
of all books and papers pertainingto
his office. . Political Code, Section
1014^ Hall vs. Superior Court, 63
Cal., :174. v An order for the. delivery
of such books and papers to him will
accordingly be made. •:>;-; ".v'.f
' . ; "M. C. SLOSS, Judge. .
DISCUSSES THE TRUSTS.
Palace Hotel. The distin
guished visitor looked to be in splendid
health and j spirits. He expressed his
pleasure at being "able to visit this State
again. ' ¦ .
Governor Odell is an affable man. He
has all the self-poise of a statesman. He
will discuss the climate ,of this glorious
State and will f dwell at length on : the
beautiful scenery, but if one should ask
him whether 'he indorses the, administra
tion he is on the alert and\ evades the
question with, a skill born of long train
ing. ¦¦ • . .- ..-"'.
As a bulwark against all. interrogations
of a 1 political nature the Governor in
formed his. interviewer that- he would not
talk politics and that he was out here. for.
rest and recreation and was getting both.
As for politics, he begged ! to he excused
this trip. Whereupon the Governor was
asked what he thought of the New York
Sunday^ laws. He- replied that all liws
that are for a State's good redounded to
the credit of the community that passed
them. • ' - -. . ¦/¦
"What do you think of the new leader
of Tammany Kthe Governor was asked. '
,' "I look .upon Mr. Nixon as a very bright
fellow, but it is the same old Tammany,"
he answered. , . ¦",./.
BENJAMIN B. ODELL JR..
Governor of the State of New
york, accompanied by his
wife, son and daughter, ar
rived in this city yesterday
and took up "quarters at the
May Decline to Accept
Invitations to
• Banquets.
Mr. Kimball is one of the best known
young lawyers in the city and is. asso
ciated with his brother in the practice of
law. The bride is a charming, young
woman and is widely known and extreme
ly popular in Western Addition society
circles. The couple received many hand
some wedding presents from their numer
ous friends. On their return from their
honeymoon -trip they will take up their
residence in this city. Mrs. Kimball is a
niece of the late Frank Pixley, for many
years editor of the Argonaut.
-1 John A. Kimball, : the • well ' known at
torney, and Miss Edith Nelson were mar
ried last night at the First . Christian
Church by the rector, Rev. Dr. Ford. A
large number of friends of the happy
couple fitted the church to witness the
ceremony. The couple left Immediately
after the services for Monterey, where
they will spend . their honeymoon.
Miss Edith Wadsworth was hostess at
a delightful progressive euchre party yes
terday afternoon: at her residence, "1104
Van Ness avenue. Thirty-six young la
dles enjoyed the game. The four prizes
awarded were very handsome.
Mrs. John F. Merrill gave, a dinner last
evening in honor of the birthday of her
son. Covers were laid for twelve and the
guests were all relatives. -
• • •
Miss Alice Gardner and Dr. Meyers Al
bert Preston were the guests of hbaor at
a dinner given Friday by Mrs. A. . W. Al
lison at her residence, .134 McAllister,
street. The decorations were in excellent
taste, consisting principally of pink roses,
blossoms and foliage. Covers were laid
for fifteen, all of whom did ample justica
to the delicate viands placed before them.
Dancing took up the remainder of tho
evening.
. . ' .
An engagement of Interest that i has
been announced is that of Frank R. Dev
lin of Vallejo and Misa Agnes G. C. Erb
of Napa. Miss Erb is a vivacious .bru
nette and is the accomplished daughter of
Mrs. John B. Erb.. Miss Erb, who has
traveled extensively and is a\ brilliant
conversationalist, is one of Napa County's
most popular and successful educators.
Mr. Devlin Is District Attorney of Solano
County.- The wedding will take place in
the near future. * *¦ .
Visitors Will Travel
Through City on
"Hermosa."
MEMBERS OF THE INTERNATION
AL-SUNSHINE SOCIETY WHO
WILL BE ENTERTAINED HERE.
"If the question were a new one in this
State there might : be much- force in , the
argument; that,;. where .the law ., requires
approval of; a. n official bond, the officer's
right- to actually occupy his office . does
not arise until *his bond /has been -ap
proved by the proper ¦ official. But the
same point : arose ¦ in ; People > vs. • Fitch l
Cal.', 5iiO, ; and the Supreme: Court; despite
the refusal •; of > the. Governor 'to act upon
the ' bond :. tendered him ;<by y the ; relator
held '« that' 'the relatori was! properly, elect
ed," and i en titled to exercise the | rights and
duties of the office.' The case was; cited
; '/Second— It is objected,- further, that
McComb's right to occupy the office is not
complete because his bond has not been
approved by the Mayor and the Auditor
It is oonceded ¦ that he tendered a : bond,
proper in" form and with, sufficient sure
ties, to the officials named, and that they
refused to act on the ; same in any .way.
In other, words, the appointee , flid
everything within his power to qual
ify, -but , was prevented from fully
complying with the ; law by the re
fusal of other, officials to take the'ac
tion required of them. ;.
BOND WAS REFUSED.
"Ah ordinance Is the form in which
the/ legislative -acts of the city and
county are to be cast, section 6, supra.
and the natural inference is that acts
which V are not legislative in - their
character need not be passed by
dinance, and shall not be subject to
the veto -power. An election or ap
pointment to office is riot an . exercise
of legislative power, , and therefore
becomes complete upon the passage
of the resolution of appointment.* It
is to . be remembered . that the veto
power ; is to be strictly construed
and ; not extended by application.
Erwin vs. Jersey City, GO N. J. L., 143
see also Cate vs. Martin • (N. H.), 48 L<
R, A., 613; People^vs. Councilmen, ! 20 N.
Y. S., 51.; v '• ;.¦¦-•
"To my mind, the words last quoted
clearly imply that v the bills or resolu
tions which require^the approval; of
the : Mayor j are . such bills or resolu
tions as, when approved, become or
dinances. . .
"Section 16 that 'every bill and every
resolution as hereinbefore provided which
shall have passed the board and shall
have been duly authenticated shall be pre
sented—to the Mayor for his approval
••? • If he approve it he shall sign it
and it shall then become an ordinance.' .
REFERS TO CHARTER.
"Under article II, chapter 1, section 1
of the charter 'the- legislative power of
the city and county of San Francisco
shall.be vested in. • •.. • the Board of
Supervisors.' Section 6 of the same chap
ter provides that every legislative act of
the city and county shall be by ordinance,
and that no ordinance shall be passed
except by bill; section 13 that every bill
or resolution providing for certain speci
fied - matters not here involved shall be
published for : a certain length : of time,
etc. . -¦.:¦¦¦
' "First, it is contended that his appoint
ment by the Supervisors was necessary
because the resolution appointing him did
not receive the approval of the Mayor.
The position of the defendant is that un
der the charter every act that can possi
bly be performed by the Board of Super
visors is subject to the Mayor's power to
veto. Assuming that, under the rule de
clared in Eisehhuth vs." ,Ackerson, 105
Cal., .97, the, power conferred on the Su
pervisors by' the Code of Civil Procedure.
(67) is to be exercised in the mode desig
nated by the charter, let us examine the
provisions ;of the latter instrument re
garding the Mayor's power over acts of
the Board, of Supervisors.
"But it Is urged that, assuming the pro
visions of this section to be controlling;
McComb's claim of -incumbency is defec
tive In two particulars. ¦
. SPEAKS OF MAYOR'S POWER.
"Although this form ' of .proceeding Is
not designed to . determine, i as between
conflicting claimants; the .title to an of
fice, yet the relief here gought will be
granted to ones who has* a clear prima
facie title. Such prima facie title can,
under the decision in Quinn vs. Baehr,
rest only in one who, like McComb,
claims to have been elected and to have
qualified under the provisions of -section
66 of the Code of Civil Procedure. ¦
"This court- has- already, in Quinn
vs. Baehr, decided that the provisions
of the charter relating to the appoint
ment of \ a Justices' Clerk* are void,
end it follows* therefore: that Fred-/
rick's claim is entirely '-without right.
"The petitioner, McComb, claiming to
be the Incumbent of the office of Justices'
Clerk in and for the city and county of
San Francisco, has brought this proceed
ing under section 1015 of the Political
Code for the purpose of obtaining an or
der requiring ttte defendant, Fredrick, to
deliver to the petitioner the books and
papers pertaining to v such : office of Jus
tices' Clerk. . McComb asserts a title to
the office based on nomination by tho
Justices of the Peace, followed by an ap
pointment by. the. Supervisors. . Fredrick,
on the other hand, relies upon an appoint
ment by the. Mayor made under the sup
posed authority of the charter of the city
and county:. of San Francisco. ;
' CITES - QTJINN CASE.
The case was argued for several days
before Judge Sldss, point after point being
offered by the attorneys for the rival
clerks. It was submitted on . April 19.
Judge Sloss' opinion, which is very con
cise and covers all the points offered by
the attorneys, is as follows:
The decision is. the result of summary
proceedings taken by ', Leon Samuels, at
torney, for McComb, to. oust Fredrick,
there being a desire to avoid the use of
force to get control of .the office. The
question of who, is Justices' Clerk is now
settled for the present, but an appeal. will
be taken to the Supreme Court by Fred
rick. .-..•-..
Superior Judge M. C. Sloss decided yes
terday that the claim of 'Powel Fredrick,
the Mayor's appointee to the office - of
Justices' Clerk; is_ entirely without right,
and issued an border directing Fredrick to
turn the books and papers of the office
over to George *> McComb, who was ap
pointed Clerk by the. Justices. and whose
appointment was subsequently confirmed
by the Board of Supervisors. '
Orders Mayor's Ap^
pointee toSurren=> %
der Documents. '':¦
Holdsi That He Was
- Not Allowed to
Qualify.
Superior Judge Say-s
McComb Is Entitled
V to Office.
FREDRICK
REMOVED
BY SLOSS
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 11,, 1902.
GOVERNOR B. B. ODELL JR.
OF NEW YORK IS OPPOSED
TO PUBLIC DEMONSTRA TIONS
y , - : • '¦pill • ¦-•••¦¦¦-.-..¦¦-¦ ¦ l ! lup i \hr&ry.+ ; *
Pages 29 to 40
Pages 29 to 40J3 00 will buy a good buggy harness. 10
per .ctr.t off :, Wednesday and Saturday
I,o-il>okl Harness Co., ill Larkin street
oppotitc City Hull. •
Big Harness Sale.
, LOS ANGELES; May 10.— School Census
Marshal John Stedman has completed his
report' and submitted' the" figures to the
Board of Education.' The total number of
school children in 4he: nine .wards of- this
city aggregate Se.'JoT.'SaBBKSS^fcf®
X.os Angeles jSchool Census.
Henry Lewis knocked -Rudolph Gross
man out in the lirst round of a scheduled
Jifleen-round contest last night in San
ttaiafl. /Grossman .did not recover for
fifteen minutes..
Grossman Knocked Out.
CORONA, May/10— The 3-ycar-old son of
"WVOsborno fell from an upper, story win
dow in the Tabor block this evening. The
little fellow struck on his head and right
shoulder and was unconscious when pick
ed up. ; He is unconscious, and. suffering
from internal injuries. . . -¦ ¦
Baby Falls. From '-Window.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— Two cases of
scorpion poisoning have occurred in the
Sonoma Valley within the last .week. Both
victims ar«. recovering. MisS Rosie Ca
inanlta of Sonoma was ptung on the hand
by a scorpion . while ' culling: wild flowers
in t!io hills near her home. .Mies Camanita
went immediately to a , physician, ' who
cauterized the wound and no evil effects
followed. ISnilln Girtird of SaiiBFrancisco,.
a guest at El Verano. Villa,' was the sec
ond victim. Ho was stung on the arm.
hut paid no attention to the. wound until
his* arm began to swell. Before medical
aid could bo obtained .the. member had
swollen to; enormous ¦ proportions. •Ery
sipelas resulted and the patient .was, in a
critical condition. He is.now improving
and has been pronounced out of danger.-
Stung by Scorpions.
BOSTON, 3Uay 10.— Na$ Butler, the
holder of the Brassard, lost to Albert
Champion', the Frenchman, at Charles
River Park tu-niglu, aftcr/'an excitin"
race v.hich up to tho twenty-first mile
promised to go to Bobby Walthour or At
lunla. ' ¦ ¦ •
Cyclist Nat Butler Defeated.
retteries— Popp. Yerkes ar.<: Nichols; Ma?e»
and Doom. Umpire — Cantillon.
CHICAGO. May 10— Chicago-New York g:iiu»
postponed; rain.
KATIOXAI.1 LEAGUE
PITTSBT;rg ai.y in._u o i h pitchers r.ere
h:t hard but the local team hit at the proper
tim? and profited by the visitors* errors \t
usance, 4700. Score:
„, . • n. it. e.
rjttrT.urg ;. H jo j
UiooHyn 4 11 4
JSiitterie*— Clvfbro and O'Connor; Hughes
and Ahearn. Umpire— O' Day. .
OIXCINN-A'rr May lO.-The Cincinnati trnm
<!ev»-lor;«I 3 hitting fctrcak in the fin-t lv,- o in
nirgt. of t'j-day'.s wnw aivl won by ina.kin~
ceves runs. Attendance, ll\*j. tn-ore:
CiricJr.r.ati j; ' j () -
Doston 5 . g n
Batteries— llfisrr.an and Bergm- TIa!e ami
Kittredge. Umpires— 1'ov.cW and nrnWn
FT. JX>UIS. May 10.-*fter a great battle
rr.cing in eighth sr.d ninth 1'inir,^ ra!lk s hv
S<. LoniK. Philadelphia, -.von. Attendant-.-, .
fit. Louis r. j:,-'
Philadelphia . <$ 3 T,
I/OXDON, May 10.— Royal Georgo won
the Kempton Park Great Jubilee handicap
of £:;000 for thrce r year-olds and upward,
distance one mile' and a quarter, at thr»
Kempton... Park Spring meeting to-dayl
AVargrave was second and Revenue third
Seventeen horses ran. •
Royal George Wins Jubilee Races.
SAN JOSE. May 10.— Albert Saladin, the
chauffeur of Millionaire Charles Baldv/in,
was to-day lined $20 for running his auto
mobile at too great ¦ speed along the
streets of this city. Saladin languished in
tho City Prison for four days. Baldwin
refusing to put up {."iOO bail for* him in the
hope that he would be taught a lesson.
However, Baldwin to-day paid Ills fine. •
Chauffeur Languishes in Jail.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Slay JO— The home team
*>utplaypd Baltimore in every department o r
rhe same to-day and won easily. Attendance"
C7C3. Score :
Baltimore /' J I' E ;
Philadelphia "'.13 15 '-\
Batteries — Forman and Koblr.son; Hustings
a*i*t ro*'*rE. - '
BOSTON. May 10.— Boston defeated Wash
ington to-day in sixty-five minutes, the nnlcic-
C^ f8 Score V - Cr wUnc " cd hcrc ' Attendance.
ncston ....?• »• E.
Vv'as-hinrton ' 1 4 i
5 .?** Crl * cr : Orth and Drill.
CLE\LLAND. May 10. — <Mevelan<l-St
Louie greme postponed; -w«-t grounds
DETROIT. May IO.-Chlca K o-Dctroit game
postponed; rain.
aAIN" HTTEEFERES WITH
BASEBALL IN THE EAST
Pins-pong is golfs younger sister. The
men or the maids -who are lured by the witch
cry of celluloid balls on the timing table ¦will
soon eo by natural sequence to the putting
green. It's the talk among the smart eet that
the. Hotel Vendome at San Jose is the only
place to 'so' for the summer -where you»can
pet all the sport. There, you can play golf
all day anfl ping-pong- all- the evening. You
can nrim in the bis new swimming pool; play
at love in the tennis courts or on the bread
verandas, and rest in idling luxury while the
fino orohcEtra. plays classic strains or inspires
one v.ith ccon song melody. And the auto
mobiles — they're a luxury ivorth going a long
way to enjoy.' There are twelve fast flying
autos in service about San Jose and the 'hotel
is or.' 1 , of the chief places of call, so that par
iisH may revel in automobillns over the
smooth roadwayt^ among- tho orchards and
about the fc«rept.s*of San Jose. •
Ping-Pong and -Golf.
CHICAGO, May 10.— The second step in
the Investigation of the so-called Beef
Trust was taken to-day by the filing with
the clerk of the United States Circuit
Court of a bill for an injunction prayed
for by Attorney. General Knox, United
States District, Attorney Bethea and Spe
cial Counsel W. A. Day. The document
was handed to the clerk by Bethea, and
the clerk stamped it and entered it in
the record. The application for an in
junction based upon the allegations in
the bill will be made in the United States
Circuit Court probably within the next
ten days. •
• The bill of complaint is against Swift
&. Co., the Cudahy Packing Company, the
Hammond Packing Company, Armour &
Co., the Armour Packing Company, tho
G. H. Hammond Company, Schwarzschlld
& Sulzbergcr, Nelson, Morris & Co. and
the individuals composing these corpora
tions and firms. ¦ i , • ' . •
' The defendants, it is alleged, control
about 60 per cent of the total volume of
the livestock trade. In violation of the
provisions of "An act to pfotect trade and
commerce against unlawful restraints and
monopolies," and in order to restrain com
petition among themselves, they have, It
is alleged, dlfocted their agents at tho
various stockyards to refrain from bid
ding against each other, except perfunc
torily and without good faith. In fur
ther violation of the act, it is alleged that
they have engaged in. and intend to con
tinue, an unlawful combination and con
spiracy among themselves for bidding up,
through their agents, the prices of live-,
stock for a few days at a time, so that
the market reports w^ill sliow prices much
higher than the state of trade will.war
rant, thereby inducing owners to simulta
neously make largo shipments and by
reason of resulting large offerings the de
fendants obtain. livestock at prices much
less than it would bring in tho regular
way of trade. ,. . •
The bill charges further that, in viola
tion of the act of Congress, the defend
ants have made and imposed' arbitrarily
uniform charges for cartage for delivery
when no such- charges have been custom
ary in the trade, or would be made but
for* the combination and' conspiracy,
thereby increasing these charges for
meats to dealers and consumers; that
they have made arrangements and agree
ments with officers and agents of common
carriers to receive by means of rebates
and other devices unlawful rates for
transportation, and have thus monop
olized, and unless restrained will continue
to monopolize the commerce in. livestock
and fresh meats. .
President Mitchell and committeemen of
the three, districts held ; a meeting this
morning, but nothing was made public as
to their deliberations. The committeemen
left for their homes this afternoon. Pres
ident ¦ Mitchell is still here attending to
his correspondence. He will leave - for
Hazleton Tuesday afternoon. The works
have laid off nearly all their coal crews,
and efforts will be made to run the wash
ers to supply coal for locomotives.
This is the semi-monthly pay day at all
the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
mines in the Lackawanna Valley. The
Delaware and Hudson paid oft on Thurs
day and others of the big companies will
disburse many thousands of dollars to
their employes within the next half week,
so with what tho mine workers have been
laying aside in preparation for the strug
gle with the operators this winter, feelipg
that a strike was imminent, they are riot
so poorly provided for as .has been ' re
ported. • '. ¦
There is a strong sentiment among the
miners in this district ! that President
Mitchell is opposed to a strike, and that,
no matter how the operators may view «t,
the. mine workers' union can afford to re
fuse to engage In the conflict which they
say tho operators are inviting.' On the
Saturday preceding the Monday on which
the 1900 strike order took place the. mine
bosses worked < among their personal
friends in the ranks of the miners to urge
them against obeying the strike order.
To-day the bosses arc religiously holding
aloof from their men. There is absolutely
no effort on the part of the operators, so
far as is apparent here, to discourage a
strike. This, coupled with the fact that
the rank and tile are firmly convinced
that -National President,, Mitchell is
against a strike, will have a strong, in
fluence toward an anti-strike vote at the
meetings tobe held Monday afternoon.
That the order to suspend work Monday
¦will be followed by the mine workers is
already an assured fact, for so eager are
the men in this region to follow their
loaders that this morning found a number
of mines so handicapped by. workmen re
maining away that the force on hand was
too snr;all for- prontable work and they
closed down for the day. |
SCRAXTON, Pa:, May ¦ 10.— To-day the
order of the executive committees of the
United Mine Workers, made .through
President Mitchell, to suspend work at all
anthracite mines on Monday, and to con
tinue until the Hazleton convention, which
is called for next Wednesday, may decide
the question finally. "Is regarded as the
actual strike condition, which simply
smooths, the way for the delegates to act.
Legal Investigation of
Combine Well Under
Way. : :. ¦
Order for Strike in Penn
sylvania Will Be
Obeyed.
MINE WORKERS
ARE DETERMINED
That the literary side of the programme
has not been neglected is evidenced by
the fact that the Stanford Press Club will
present Ben Johnson's "Mermaid "Tav
ern," and there will be a presentation of
"Pyramus and Thisbe," from Shakc?
pcare's "Aiidsummer Night's Dream,"
under the direction- of L. E. Bassett, in
structor in English..
The afternoon "will be given over largely
to aquatic sports, with boat racing and
swimming and diving contests. A swim
ming match in pursuit of a pig painted
bluo and gold promises to furnish tfie
most amusing spectacle of the afternoon.
The swimmer who succeeds in capturing
the uig will entertain his friends at -a
barbecue in the evening. A water polo
game has bern arranged, to be played
according to nitercol legiate rules. It. R.
Long, '05, will act as referee.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 10.—
Preparations for the Elizabethan water
carnival, to be given by the College
Christian Associations on Lake Lagunita
next Tuesday afternoon and evening; are
assuming elaborate proportions. The af
fair will be extremely unique and a novel
entertainment so far as Stanford is con
cerned. The beauty of the lake and sur
rounding grove will be enhanced at night
by electric illumination and a profusion
of Japanese lanterns and torches.
on Lake Lagunita at
Stanford.
Unique Programme to Be Carried Out
NOVEL FEATURES FOB
THE WATER CARNIVAL
LOS ANGELES. May 10.— C. O. Whitte
more. associate counsel of the San Pedro,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railway, with
headquarters in Salt Lake City, has
reached Los Angeles. He made tne trir>
overland, driving by wagon from Salt
Lake to Manvel, where he boarded the
Santa Fe train. He inspected the Joint
surveys made by the Oregon Short Lins
and the Clark Company.
Hailroad Man's Long Drive.
Dowling Pitches Another Great Game |
and Is Well Supported.
SACRAMENTO, May 10.— Dowling du
plicated his game of yesterday, -defeatins
the Ponies by a score of 2 to 1 in one of
the fastest games of the season. Dowling !
had superb control and was accorded ex- :
cellent support, which would have been
errorless had Rebsamen pinched Deimas"
fly that landed directly in his mitts. In
all but the second inning, when three hits
resulted In scoring a run, the Ponies were
retired in one. two, three order and not
one of them was left on bases. Kane al
lowed seven bases on balls, none of which
were costly. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen, 2b — 1 1 1 O 1 2 o
neyle. rf 3. 1 1 0 3 0 0
Pheehan. 3b 3 0 10 2 5 0
Rebsamen, cf * 0 1 0 2 1 1
Graham, c 1 0 0 0 3 4 0
Kagan, lb 3 V 0 O 10 1 0
T.'selaub, es 2 0 o o 4 2 0
lAgomarsino, If 3 11 o O 2 1 0
Dowiing, p 3 0 (J 0 O 1 0
Totals 23 2 4 0 27 17 1
SAX FRANCISCO.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
R: us art Sb 4 0 2 0 1 1 1
3>«hy, c 3O10330
McHale, If 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
NonSyke. lb 3 11 07 1 0
Holly, ss 3 O 1 1 6 1 0
McNichols. 2b 3 O O O 3 1 O
J^awler. cf 3 O 1 O 2 0 0
Delmae, rf 3 0 0 0 0 (t 0
Kane, p 3 0 0 0 0 B 0
Total* 28 1 C 1 24 12 "2
RUXS AND HITf BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 x 2
Bare hits ...0 O 2 O O 1 O 1 x 4
E«n Francisco 0 1 0 0' 0 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 1 3 10 0 0 10 0—6
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Xordyke. Two-base hit—
I*eahy. Sacrifice hit— Sheehan. First base on
errors — Sacramento 1, San Francisco 1. First
base on called balls— Off Kane 7. Left on base
—Sacramento 5. Struck out — By DotvMns 1 by
Jif^t 2 " , D ? ubI « Plays— Holly to N'ordyke:
Fheehan to Unglaub to Eacan; Kane to Nor
grtoto Shiran to Holly. Time of game- 1:^0
empire — McDonald.
PONIES LOSE AGAIN.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., May 10.— Yale's sec
ond boat crew defeated the 'navy's -first
eight here this afternoon. To do so they
had to row the mile course in the phe
nomenal time of 9:40V., with the navy
four seconds, or less than two boat
lengths, behind.
Yale Crew Defeats Annapolis.
The Golden Gate Council and visiting
friends will attend a special memorial
service this morning at the First Unita
rian' Church, Franklin and Geary streets,
on the invitation of the Rev. Bradford
Leavltt. ,
A banquet followed the presentation.
Too much cannot be spoken in praise of the
splendid work of our former secretary. Brother
A. C. Boldemann, who has done so much, not
only in the interest of this council, but for
the cood of the United Commercial Travelers
all over our glorious State. In the name of
the council, I wish to thank you. Brother
Boldemann, for your loyalty- and friendship and
to exDress . to you our unanimous resrret? at
having to part with so valuable an officer.
The presentation was made by Harry
B. Getleson, who, in handing the pitcher
to Boldemann, said:
who has retired after acting as secretary
to the council for five years, was pre
sented with a handsome copper and gold
lined water pitcher as an acknowledg
ment of his faithful and untiring services
to the organization.
Blanche- Jacob, Miss .Stella Graham. Miss
Sa4i<s- Wilson, • Josephine Seaman, Mrs. . E.
Henry, Mrs.. Charles Rolfc, . Mr. .. and Mrs. -J.
Bamberser and Miss Newbauex . and Mr. and
Mrs. James Boyle.--. - ''.."' ' ¦
I .The 'corhmittee'.of arrangertiement *was
composed , of the' following: ;'' ;'
Oscar Boldemann,. H.-L. Judell, W. T.-Hob
son, L. A. Maison, D. E. Wasserman. J. B.
TreadweU, R. Richardson and" Harry B. Getle
son. -' ' .' .
; BOLDEMANN HONORED.
In the evening the council met at Na
tive Sons' Hall, when A. C. Boldemann,
SOME OF THOSE AA r HO WERE MUCH IN . EVIDENCE ON THE COM
MERCIAL, • TRAVELERS' BIG BAY EXCURSION YESTERDAY, AS
PICTURED BY CARTOONIST WARREN OF THE CALL. ,
Lehman's throwing to bases was again
the feature of tho game. He slammed
the ball around like a real ping-pong
artist and always caught his man about
.?, £ eet off tbe base - Waddell hit the
ball hard, but every time a fielder was
£ti Un £ to recc * v e it- Reilly batted at a
3000 clip, making two safe hits out of as
many times at bat. Anderson was put in
to stick for Jones In the last round but
p f ce « th £_ ba11 down to Mohler and it was
all off. The score:
OAKLAXD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Wa^ era . c. f 3 0 10 3 0 0
Mohler. 2b 3 O l o 5 ;t <i
Strelb. 1b 4 0 (» « ;, o y
Lohmsn. c 4 1 l o 3 ;; u
Devereaux, 3b a 0 2 1 0 2 0
JMinleavj. I. f 4 1 1 ] ; { 0 0
1 rancks. es 3 0 1 0 4 4 .1
Gorton, r. f 4 0 2 0 (to 0
MoEkiman. p 3 1 1 0 <J 2 o
Totals :.31 3 10 2 27 14 "jo
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s* 4 0 u o 2 .", M
Hannivan, I. f 4 (i 1 <i ] 0^1
Jtaymer, 2b 3 0 J 0 2 (i (»
Householder, c. f. ... ." O 0 <i 0 o o
TJellly, ob 2 -O 2 0 4 2 O
Roach, c 3 ? O O 0 3 2 0
Waddell, r. f 3 O O 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb ,3 0 0 0 IV 0 0
Jones, p 2 o 1 0 0 1- 0
•Anderson 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 28 0 5 0 24 14 1
•Catted for Jones . in ninth inninj:.
HL'NS" AND HITS BY IXXINGS.
Los Angeles 00000000 0 — 0
Kate hits .... 2 1 O 0 1 1 0 0 0 — S
Oakland 0 1 0 O 1 0 O 1 x — .1
Base aits O2013112 x— 10
SCMMAUY.
Two-base hits — Dunleavy, Lohman, Dever
eaux. Sacrifice hit — Mohler. First base on
errors — Oakland J. First base on called baU.5
— Off MoFklman 1, off Jones 2. Left on baees
— Oakland 7, Los Angeles 2. Struck out — By
Moskiman 3. by Jones 3. Hit by pitcher —
Walters. Double plays — Rayroer to Toman,
Francks to Mohler to Streib. Passed ball —
Roach. Time of came — 1 hour and 45 min
utes. Umpire — O'Connell.
Old Pete Lohman was the last man to
register a run. In the eighth he drove out
a double to center field ari* Brick Dev
ereaux followed with one of the same
brand to right, which put Peter safely
over the jumps. Oakland had several
more chances to add to its list of tallies,
but the base-hit was lacking to do tha
work.
Oakland started in early. In the second
Devereaux walked and scored on consecu
tive hits by Francks and Gorton. Moskt
man opened the lifth with, a hot drive to
center field, took second on Walters' sin
gle past first and crossed the pan when
iittle Mohler drove a hot one far out to
left field.
Jones was on the slab for the southern
ers, and he was hit hard whenever Ew
ing's crowd was In need of a run. Both
Infields worked snappily, but nothing of
the sensational ordgr occurred to disturb
the quiet of the bleachers.
Dr. Moskiman rounded Into his old-time
form yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Park. He sent the Angels to the tall tim
bers v.ithout any runs and only five scat
tering, measly hits sprinkled through tho
nine innings. The Angels were badly
fooled and did not have as much chance
as a snowball in the torrid zone. The
game was well played, Hannlvan's error
ocing the only one to mar the column.
220-yanl hurdle— Won by Clapp (Yale),
Cheek (California) second, Thomas (Yale)
third. Time. :25.
120-yard hurdle — Won by Clapp (Yale).
Cheek '.California) Second, Millburn (Yale)
thirO. Time, :U5 2-3. '
High jump — Tie between Powell and Cheek
(California) and Jack (Yale) at 5 feet S incljes;
one-third point to Yale, two-thirds point to
California. .
Uroad jump— Won by Fulton (Yale), 22 feet
V, inches; Hussey (California) second, 22 feet
1*4 inches; Bodman (Vale) third, 22 feet %
inch.
Pole vault — Won by Preston (Yale), 11 feet;
Pease (Vale) second, 10 feet 0 inches; Wilcox
(.California) thinl. 10 feet S'.i inches.
Hammer throw — Won by Plaw (California).
148 feet 4 inches: BeHc (Yale) second. l-'G feet;
Harris (Vale) third. 310 feet !) inches.
Shot put — Won by Plaw (California), dis
tance 41 feet 4 inches; Beck (Vale) second. 40
feet 10 inches; Goss (Yale) third, SS feet ] ,i
inch.
Two-mile run — Won by ' Frenchot - ( Yale),
Bumstend <Yale) second, Tibbetts (California)
third. Time, 10;0C..
Mile run^Tie between Teal (Yale) and Rerie
wcll (.California), Jacob (Yale) third. Time,
4:."5. . -
SSO-yard run — Won by Deming (Yale), Kane
O'ale) second, Service (California) third.
Time, 2:01 3-5.
440-yard run — Won by Moulton (Yale), James
(Yale) second. Hunter (Yale> third. Time,
'JS3.
220- yard daeh — Won by .Hargrave (Tale),
C»dogan (California) second, AniEtein (Yale)
third. Time, :1'X
ICO-yard dash — Won by Abadie (California),
Moulton <Yale) second, Hargrave (Yale) third.
Time, :10 2-5. • / ' • ¦
STTMMABY OF EVENTS.
Yale's loss of the hundred yards' dash
was a surprise, as Abadie was not ex
pected to beat either Moulton or. Har
grave. Captain Cadogan, who was not
in good condition, pressed Hargrave
closely in the 22u-yard dash," finishing a
strong second. ' \ \
The half-mile race was well run, Kane
taking the lead for three laps, with Ser
vice of California following his pace
slowly. Deming of Yale kept himself well
in hand until the turn of the last lap,
when he passed his competitors, winning
from Kane by a narrow margin and from
Service by n'fteen feet.- The wind was
blowing directly against the men on the
spurt and the time, 2:5494, was good.
In the mile race Teal of Yale and Rede
well of California ran a dead, heat and
rather *tha'n make them ruii ¦ it oft the
judges declared that one-half point
should count for each team. It /was a
close and ¦well run race under adverse
weather conditions. In none of the
events were the men able to do them
selves justice for a cold, chilling breeze
blew from the northwest across the tteld.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May io!— Th.e
dual track athletic meet held to-day on
Yale field between Yale and California
universities resulted in the score:. Yale,
8 5-6 points; California, 4 1-6 points. By
agreement only the winners scored. In.
the track events the Yale track athletes
were superior, but in the field events the
advantage was partly with the j visitors,
because of the skill of Flaw, who. cap
tured the shotput and hammer throw
easily. Sprakcr was not entered for Yale
in the high or broad jumps. In the high
jump the two Californians tied with the
Yale competitor and the point was di
vided, two-thirds going to California. - .
neserve stake— M. Nealon's Pat Freedom
beat S. Henderson's Trade Dollar. 8-5: C. O.
Peterson's Lady Nelly beat T. Logans Lord
French 8-5: F. Bennett's Mosely beat T.
Meagher'a Royalist, 6-1: J. F. Rogers Arba
cus beat T. Losan's Miss Urlzzle, 10-2; M.
Nealon's Fred Freedom beat A. It- Curtis
Medea. 4-0; A. R. Curtis' Dragon Fly beat
P. C. Bllck's Yellow Tail. 4-0; H. A. Frlnk's
Fiery Friend beat II. Pechner's Kearsarge,
16-U; J. Traccy's Master Greenwood beat P.
C BHck'a Advance Guard. 0-4.
Second round — Pat Freedom beat Lady Nelly.
S-2- Arbacus beat Mosely. 14-9; Fred Freedom
beat Dragon Fly, 5-0; Master Glenwood beat
Fiery Friend 7-3. •
Third round— Pat Freedom beat Arbacus.
8-2; Fred Freedom beat Master Glenwood,
Deciding course — Pat Freedom .beat Fred
Freedom. 12-3.
Open stake— A. J. Ernst's Rich Argosy beat
P. J. Horzan's Partial Eclipse, 5-3; A. Van
derwhlte's Lear King beat L. J. Hoffman's
Jim Douglass, 6-2; P. J. Horgan's Musket beat
J F. Roser'3 Erebus, 6-1; Chiarinl Brothers'
White Hat beat C G. Whallon's Miss Shirley.
7-4- H L. Mebarry's Roxana beat J. Sheri
dan's Forest Queen. 7-4: E. Reddy'3 Full
Moon beat Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire. 3-0:
E Geary's Ltttle Jim beat P. White's Red
Pepper, 1-2: P. M. Clarkson's Golden Garter
beat J. Sheridan's Tim Murphy. 5-0; F. A.
McComb's Otto beat C. G. Whallon's Joe
Conlan, 4-2; E. Geary's Fenil beat F. B.
Lande's Concord, 4-0: J. Horn's McHenry beat
J L. Rosa' Herschel's Pride. 21-15: J. Regan's
Menlo Prince beat J. Kelley's Governor Mac,
5-1; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire beat A. R.
Curtis' Fly by Nlzht. 3-1: T. Maher's Bad
Boy beat P. M. Clarkson's Prompto. 4-3;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstcad beat A. R.
Curtis' Miranda, 4-0; J. H. Bishop's Arjryle
ceat IX Dillon's Challenger, 3-0; CO. Peter
son's Haphazard beat J. Connolly's New Moon.
S-6- W Johnson's Articulate a bye. Crawford
Lasn withdrawn: O. Zahl's Miss Wilson beat
J. Moriarity's Snapper Garrison, 3-1; J. F.
Roger's Glaucus beat. Aeneid Kennels' Aeolus,
6-1; J. Carroll's Cascade beat J, Kitchen's
Honor BrizKt, 8-4: P. M. Clarkson's Flower
of Gold beat Sterl & Knowles" Ollta. 4-2; F.
Jones' Tyrone Prince beat Chlarini Brothers'
Sempronlus, 4-2; F. C. Mack's Delia M beat
W. Creamer's Golden Age. 5-0: J. W. Fahey's
October Lad beat F. A. McComb's Motto.
4-2; E. Geary's Fair Oaks beat O. Zahl's
O'Hara, 4-2: J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat
Yosemite Kennels' Mose, 4-0; A. Vanderwhite's
Flora McDonald beat W. C. de B. Lopez's
Feplta, 2-0: E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie beat
W. C. de B. Lopez's The Jewess, 12-7: T.
Jolley's Little May beat S. A. Smith's Petron
ius, 6-3; D. J. Healey's For Glory beat Kelly
& Hanley's Fearful Ship. 5-0: J. Hurley's
Sugar Cane a bye, Sleigh Bells withdrawn.
Tho two sons of the great English grey
hound For Freedom held the other dogs
safe. Dragon Fly was made a 1 to 4 fa
vorite in a course with Fred Freedom and
was shut out pointless. Lady Kelly was
a 3 to 5 favorite over Pat Freedom and
°An unusual incident occurred in the sec
ond course of the day. Two sprigs of
greyhound nobility. Lord French and
Lady Nelly, were competing when there
was a collision and Lady Nelly was ren
dered unconscious. The hare turned down
the field and then back again, passing
Lady Nelly, which was being rubbed by
her trainer. As the hare approached she
went In pursuit and won the course by a
t and Rector are equal favorites
for to-day's special stake at odds of 3 to
I. Sacramento Boy is 4, Game Boy o.
Homer Boy 6, Flying Fox, Cold Shivers
and Lost Chord 8. Sir Pasha and Dew-
d FenU" and White Hat are favorites in
the open stake at 4 to 1. Lear K »n& Hap
hazard and For Glory are 6, Miss Wilson
7, Tyrone Prince and Argylo 8, .Roxana,
Full Moon, Otto, Fine Flro and Flora Mc-
Donald 10.
TLcre were a number cJ upsets yester
day. Musket beat Erebus, tho 1 to 5
choice; Glaucus beat Aeolus, also a 1 to 5
choice; Roxana beat Forest Queen and
Gold Hill beat Mose, each 1 to 3 favorites.
The results in detail, with Judge John
Grace's official scores:
After trying for five years "Mike" Nea
lon won a stake yesterday at Union Cours
ing Park. Not' only did the winner come
from his kennel, but he also furnished
the runner-up, his brace of greyhounds in
the deciding course being Fat Freedom
and. Fred Freedom.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Air
tight won,.* Mahone second. Tom Hall third.
Time. :55}£.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Lovable won, King's Pet second. The Caxton
third. Time. 1:21 > i.
Third race, one mile — AUuldin won. South
Trimble second. Glen Water third. Time,
1:41%.
-Fourth race, Clark handicap, mile and a.
sixteenth — Death won. Jim Clark second. Lady
Strathmore third. Time, 1:47.
Second race, five furlongs — Lady Lake won,
Eva Russell second. Special Tax thirti. Time,
1:02.
First race, six and a half furlongs, seliing
— Mandamus won, Secundus second. Xannio J
third. Time. 1:2H. .
Seventh race, mile and three-sixteenths — Sa
linda won. Grey Force second. Menace third.
Time. 2:00-74.
LOUISVILLE, May 10.— Churchill Downs re
sults:
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selling—
Brewer Schorr won. Dclsarte second. Winepress
third. Time, 1:43*3 .
Sixth race, six furlongs — A. D. Gibson won,
Wakita second, Helen Print third. Time,
1:13%.
Fourth race, Debutante stakes, four and a
half furlonsrs — Oleflant won. Avoid second, Hin
di thint. Tim«», :55.
Third rnce. five and a half furlongs, selling
— Hllee won. Cadet second, Krmack third.
Time. l:08'4.
Second race, mile and twenty yards, selling
— Orlandine won. Varner second. Jhn Turner
third. Time. 1:43%.
First race, half mile — Lacy Crawford won,
Peltijohn second, Luckett third. Time, :49U-
ST. LOUIS, May 10.— Fair Grounds results:
Sixth race, mile 1 and a half — Bedeck ,w°n. Ma
jor llansir second. Ditty third. Time, 2:55 4-5.
Fourth race, Orlaml handicap, mile and a
quarter — L»uci*n Appleby won, Ilertnencia sec
ond. John McGurk third. Time. 2:15 4-5.
Fifth race, one mile — Boney Roy won, Louis
ville second, Vulcain third. Time. 1:50 2-5.
Igniter, Hyphen. Leonid and Justice also ran
Sixth race, handicap, mlla and a sixteenth,
over the hill — Pentecost won. Handicapper sec
ond. Dixie I^ne third. Time, l:4t$.
CHICAGO, May 10. — Worth results:
First race, etc furlongs — Inspector Shea. won.
Botany second, Mihasa third. Time, 1:21.
Second race, five furlongs— Josette won, Th»
Don second. Mlrance third. Time, 1 :06 4-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Al*out won, Hed
Apple second. Amirante third. Time. 1:36 3-3.
Fifth race, the Withers stakes, for tfcrce
year-oWs, Withers mile — Compute, 12B (Shaw).
D toii, won; Old England, 128 fL. Jackson), 11
to 5, second; King Hanover, 12tt IT. Burns), 12
to 1, third. Time, 1:42.
Fourth race, handicap, steeplechase, about
two miles — Jim McOlbben won, Bullingtoa sec
ond. Miss Mitchell third. Time. 3:51.
Third race, the Fashion, four and a half fur
longs — Mamarl won, Love Not second, Mary
Street third. Time, :59.
First race, the Eclipse course — Ranald -won,
Numeral second, Frankfort third. Time. 1:10*4.
" Second race, five furlongs, selling — Clnqu-
valll -won, Nlaxus second. Flamboyant third.
Time. :59.
NEW YORK. May 10.— Before a crowd
of 15,000 persons Compute, with Shaw In
the saddle, came homo a winner In tho
classic Wither3 stakes, for three-year
olds, to-day at Morris Park. After a few
minutes* delay at the post, caused by
Compute refusing to get up to the bar
rier, they were sent away to a good start,
with Hyphen first. Old England second
and Compute third. Shaw Immediately
sent Compute to the front, closely fol
lowed by Old England. Thcso two ran Ilka
a team to tho stretch, where Jackson
swung wide with Old England and lost a.
half-length and the race. By dint of hard
riding Jackson got the Goldfinch colt go-
Ing again, but was never able to catch
the leader, which won in a drive by a
head. Old England was second and King
'Hanover third, three-quarters of a lengtu
away. Results:
Pete Lohman'e Throwing to
Bases Is Again the Main
Feature.
Unu-ual Incident Marks a
Course in the Open
Stake.
Finishes Ahead of Moulton
and Hargrave in the
"Hundred."
Jcckey Jackson Does Not
Do the Goldfinch Colt
Ju3tice.
Sons of English Grey
hound Run One, Two
at Union Park.
Moskiman Pitches Fine
Ball and Is Well
Supported.
Takes th9 Rich Event
From Old England
by a Head.
Sprinter Abadie Is the
Surprise of the
Meeting.
Golden Gate Council Entertains Friends From Far and Near.
Vallejo and Mare Island Receive* Visits and the Revelry
Ends With Presentation to Former Secretary Boldemann
LAW DESCENDS
ON BEEF TRUST
F. P. McCann. Emile Eoldemann and Mlis
Boldetnann, Thomas J. and Mrs. Harris, II.
"NV. Jackson, Miss Hewer, Fred R. Haas and'
.Miss Haas, IT. B. Getleson and Miss Getleson,
PlgmunJ Sonnenbersr. J. T): Bacon, 'JoseDh
Thleben and Mrs. Thleben. G. J. Senk, Mr.
and Mrs. Clarence Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. J.
E. McClunlc, I. Rosenthal, Mr. and' Mrs. W.
V. Peterson find Miss Mabel Pctersjn. Mrs.
Lee Eschen, Mrs. Joseph Well and Miss Well,
Jos?vh Leudan, Mr. and Mrs. Milton Glass,
Mrs. Steinberp, Mr. and Mrs. J. ¦ J. Collins,
Mr. and Mrs. Max Schoen, Mr. and Mre.
George Borchart, Sanfqrd Seller and Miss Sel
ler, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Cohen, Mrs. S. Kisch
ner, Mlsa Jaeob-3. Mrs. I. Cohen, Miss Sweeney,
Mrs. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Boldemann
and Miss Boldemann, Mr. and Mrs. Oscar
HoMemann. William T. Hobson. Mrs. Hobson,
Mrs. Georgre McNamee; Dr. and -.Mrs. Joaeph
Steinau. Mr. and Mrs. A. Armuth. C. F. B.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. 'Bauer Hess, II. W. May
berry, Mr. and Mrs. George Boechart, O. ¦ F.
Kenney, Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Newsom, Nate
Mayer, Joseph Murr, Miss Cahn. Mr. and Mri
Joseph Thieben. Andy Hamoel. Miss Kiski,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Cassel and Miss A. Cassel,
Mr. and lire. H. I* Judell, Edward Wolf. S.
F. Bergr, - J. C. Feige and Miss Felge. Mrs.
Cornwell. Mr. and Mrs. M. Frederick. Mrs. S.
Sells, Mrs. J. Kraeen, G. E; Gibson, Miss
Among the many who participated in
the delightful excursion and hospitality
were:
HOSTS AND GUESTS.
Never has a merrier party enjoyed an
outing on the bay. and never was there
a more ideal day for a trip.
The officers of the council received their
guests at pier one, and they set to with
that hustle characteristic of the commer
cial traveler unloading the good things
that delight the inner man.
H. L. Judell, grand treasurer, heaped
his arms with sugar-cba fed' cakes;" Grand
Secretary Oscar Boldemann moved the
roast turkeys, Grand Past Councilor W.
F. Peterson hurried along with trays of
spring chickens, while Grand Councilor L..;,
A. Malson, Grand Coriductor/J. >B. Tread-;
well, Grand Page T. J. Harris and Grand]
Sentinel F. W. Boynton . carried huge
trays of roast beef and tempting legs ofi
mutton. . ¦ - • •
Harry B. Getleson,,. senior councilor of;
Golden Gate Council, played the gallant.
in so far as escorting the niany ladies ot
the party to the General Frisble with tho
courtesy and manner of afRaleigh, and
genial A. C. Boldemann was satisfied to
be incumbered with 'great cans of milk,
and earned for himself the sobriquet of
"the dairyman." • ;•¦ - •¦•. '•¦_¦;
The babies kept longing eyes on Bolde
mann the rest of the day. ; - •. ".i •
.Cases of mineral waters,- et cetera, were
wheeled aboard with tender' solicitude by;
Joseph Murr, Frank. Phillips, 'R. Richard
son and Dan 0'Callagh.an, arid then the
gangplank moved, -Captain George Wheel
er gave the signal and the General Frls-^,
blc steamed away on the merry; trip.
ENJOY lOTTR OP BAY.
A tour of the bay' was made, and at
Vallejo all hands were, given leave for an
hour ashore, when ;Dr. Joseph; Stelnau
was hitched to a llght k buggy, in which
was seated W. F. Peterson of Sacramen
to, and the fun commenced- In. good
earnest. Peterson, whip in hand, made
"Doc" travel at a 2:40. pace, and he
proved a willing steed. 5 ' • • . » ¦¦
"The Jo vials" were then taken 4 across
to Mare Island and- at once became nau
tical and breezy. jThey saluted. Uncle
Sam's brave boys *with the regulation
"Aye, aye, sir!" and to emphasize their
sympathy with the navy performed a
sailor terpsichorean act that was at once
"Jiggy" and inspiriting-.
After an inspectio'n of the navy yard
had been ofllcially made by "The Jovials"
the trip aboard the stanch General Fris*,
bio was resumed. An impromptu concert
was interrupted by an incident that
caused consternation. The windt blowing
with high velocity, had lifted the shin
ing and much admired silk hat from.
"Doc" Stelnau's head, and but for the
fortunate presence of a quick-footed deck
hand would have been lost in tho bay
or blown into the city hours before thft
arrival of its owner. "Doc" has promised
the hat to the United Commercial Trav
elers as a souvenir.
.^-S^ "OLDEN GATE COUNCIL No. 80
ft yw ot the Unlted Commercial Tray-
Am I elers of San Francisco and their
friends enjoyed a bay outing yes
terday. So great was the crowd
that gathered to take the excursion that
the whole body was transferred from the
steamer Monticello to the larger General
Frisble.
MORLEY'S ANGELS
FAIL TO SCORE
FOR FREEDOM'S
PROGENY WIN
COMPUTE FIRST
IN THE WITHERS
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS ENJOY
BREEZES ON TRIP ABOUT THE BAY
YALE DEFEATS
CALIFORNIA MEN
THE S^ FRA1SX3ISCO C^^ lvvx;
30
ETME
, The name Itch King rightfully belongs to Eczema, for no other disease can ap^aroach
it in the intensity and fierceness of its itching. It is an irresistible and overpowering itch,
unlike that produced by any other disease, or from any other cause. Eczema's itch is torture,
and, at times, so distracting that the sufferer scratches till the skin is broken, and streaked
with blood; Scratching does harm, of course, but the eczema patient is deaf to reason and
reckless of consequences when the itching begins.
Eczema is caused by a too acid blood and the retention in the system of nratic and
other waste matters' which the proper organs have failed to remove, and, through tbe circula-
tion, these irritating poisons are carried to the surface of the body^ producing inflammation
and redness of the skiu, pimples, pustules and blisters, discharging a gummy, sticky fluid,
which dries and hardens
AN UNENDURABLE ITCHING. into scales or bran-like par- TORKENTED FOR FIVE YEARS.
I suffered for three years with Eczema tides, Or forms into great The doctors said I had pustnlar Eczema;
on the lower part pfriy leg and ankle, SOreS Or Scabs. These »t would break out ia smaU -white pm-
.aml it begiogo badly swollenvthat I highly inflammatory pois- tul «- mostly on my face and hands,
could rot wear my shoe acd was practi- * £ , , ¦ _ , J * discharging a sticky fluid ; crusts would
cally a cripple of the time. Ispcnt br«^ dOW n the p Ores im
a good deal cfmdney Without relief, and and glands ot the Skin, and aBd i^^^. ! wa3 touted with th.
had about given up hopeof ever getting cause it to harden } crack itching and burning characteristic of th«
rid of the tormenting disease, which at and bleed. This is one of disease for five years, and during tht
times itched; almost beyond endurance. t j ie most i nve t e rate and timc »«i various medicated soaps, oint-
AVhen my^ttentioa was called to S. S. S. p { fuj f f mea «. and washes, but these application.
. tedded to try jt end began to improve .. r . _ Ul *-™ | f/^ • j seemed to make ne worse Afte «feaiim?
,,, once, and.i, a shore time was cureJ. Eczema attacks the head, S. S. S a ,hort t^eTbcganto L^
The, S. S. G. also built up ay general face, arms, chest, back, legs the itching did not worry me so tnnca!
health, and I feel better i:i every way. and feet ill fact, any and I continued the medicine, and soon all
. I am convinced S.S.S: b tie greatest eycry parfc Q f the foft j fc ugly €rJ?tioa3 disappeared and m*
Known remedy for Eczen; a ._^ - may come 1U "scarcely Scat- A »«»o^«c! a2 r« aq ,bpa 7 .s;Iii.T;
116 Pdmetto .t. - i2£££ Tenn. tered patches or break out -t been tro^l^d f inc.
.. in. large spots, but whatever »" '
the form, or wherever located, the itching at times, especially after retiring or when the body
is overheated, is almost unbearable. In Eczema the blood must be treated, and not the skin
if a permanent cure is effected. Local applications of washes, ointments or salves allav the
itching burning to some extent, but do not reach the acid-laden blood, or cleanse the
circulation of the accumulated waste, but S. S. S. does, and by thus removing the^cause the
irritating eruption disappears, the itching and burning ceases and the unhealthy skin
becomes soft. and smooth again. S. S. S. cures Eczema and all skin diseases of the Uric
Acid type restoring^ the thin, sour blood all of its lost properties, making it rich and pure
again. All parts of the system takeon new life, and all inflammation subsides under the
a _. __.' ,-^- ' ~ influence of the nourishing, cooling blood.
/*2nnte!l • Cllronic sufferers from any form of Eczema or other
CCZ^ TCtel^ I CZl* troubles will find S. S. S. a remedy that they can
f e^y upon, ¦_ no matter how severe the disease or how long
W^^VV fe^*^\ bk^^^V^ * fc aS res^ stcc^ other treatment.
'^^?'^#^l^ i!llll^r '¦^^ l>^/' v «^' contanis no Arsenic or mineral of any
%fcMB8^. description, but is guaranteed purely vegetable. S. S. S.,
¦ v-- ¦.'-"- '.¦¦:"../ -"• •¦; ':_" ¦ •¦ ; , the King of. Blood Purifiers, is the only known medicine
tiiat-conquers Eczema, the Itch -King of skin diseases. Writeus about your case, and our
.physicians .••.will; advise you without charge. Our illustrated book on skin diseases will be
sent free to; all who desire it. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.WSANTA ROSA, May 10.— Joints W. Mc-
Caughey, postmaster at Bodega,' died- yes
terday after a long Illness.
James w. mcCaughej.
NEW YORK, May 10.— John E. Van
Pelt, for many years prominent In Demo
cratic politics in 'Illinois, died from pneu
monia here to-day at Flower Hospital.
John E. Van Pelt.
OAKLAND, May 10.— Chaplaln ; : J. H.
Macomber, U. S. A., williglve an address
. to-morrow ¦ evening' ¦ at the 'Norwegian-
Danish, Methodist; Church, Twentieth
street, near San Pablo avenue, on. ','Echoes
From ¦; the . United States Army." ' Miss
Esther Macomber will, sing and will recite
'"The Star-spangled Banner"-by deaf mute
signs, the words belnj: rendered by C.- A:
Bmith.r ; - . ._¦ . .-.• x .
Army Chaplain I Will Preach.
OAKLAND, 1 May 10.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day.to Jesse A. Breslln; 32
years old, and Annie Schatz,. IS both of
San Francisco ; Frederick R. = Goddard, 24,
and; Lillian C. Hare, 23. both of San'Fran
clsco; James J. O'Toole, 40. and *• Julia
Koch, 26, both; of .Oakland;, David = Ed
wards,. 21, and Jessie Owen«,= 18, both of
Oakland; -Frank R. Pedlar, 22. Ban Fran
cisco,' and Phlllplena'Kolb, 22, Pleasanton;
William * E/* Reid, 66, and ¦ Eliza B. ' Em
mons,'52, both; of Oakland. .: . , , •
• ¦
Licensed to Marry.
Sacramento Street Fair and Floral
¦ ¦ ". ¦ - Festival. :, W"-^
Tuesday, May 13, wlll.be floral day at
Sacramento, and the Southern Pacific, in
order to - give Ban Franciscans an. oppor
tunity to see the grand- display, which
bids fair to excel any yet held in the
capital city, will make a round-trip rate
of $2 50 from San Francisco to Sacra
mento and return. . Tickets will be good
returning up . to and including Sunday,
May 18. - Call at Southern Pacific Infor
mation Bureau, 613 Market street.
BAKERSFIELD. May 10—Henry , C.'
Ramey, a miner of this county, died sud
denly here this morning of heart disease.'
Ramey was one of the discoverers of the
Butte mine at Randsburg, which has pro
duced $600,000.
Henry C. Ramey.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road/iChl
cago to New York and Boston,' carrying Nickel
Plat" dininsr cars. In which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 36c to $1 each/' always
phase the. traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS,
P. .C. IV A.; 87 Crocker building. San Fran
cisco, Cal. . '
Duffy's Murderer Pleads Guilty.
SACRAMENTO. May 10.— In the . Supe
rior Court this afternoon Charles Ward
rip, recently brought from Salt Lake,
pleaded guilty of the murder of Hugh
Duffy, a Sacramento liquor merchant, in
February last. He declined an offer of
coursel and said he was ready to take
the consequences. The case then was
continued until Monday next.
Suicide's Body Found.
.POINT RICHMOND. May' 10.— The body
of ¦* William Stanton, a teamster formerly
in the • Standard , Oil Company's . employ,
was found this afternoon In '¦the lagoon.
Stanton's wrists were : cut/ Indications
are that he committed suicide. • He had
been drinking heavily for some time. The
Coroner took the body to Martinez. Stan
ton was 45 years of age. "His home is near
Antioch. .It" was said he. had $100 and the
absence of the money gave rise to rumors
of ; foul play, but * the authorities do not
credit. the theory. '^, ? « ';¦¦-
G«orge W. Applegate.
AUBURN, May 10.-Georg:e W. Apple
rate, probably the oldest pioneer in
Placer County died at his home at
Applegate station last night, from in
juries received in a runaway accident.
He was the last of the charter members
of Eureka Lodge. Free and Accepted
Masons, organized in 1851.
WASHINGTON, May 10.— The President
has commuted to life the sentence of
death Imposed by military courtmartial,
in the case of Joseph F. Keane, private.
Twelfth Infantry, who was convicted of
killing Sergeant Charles E. Fleming of
the same regiment In the Philippines/In
June last.
Soldier's Death Sentence Commuted.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 10.—
A new student organization has been
formed at Stanford under the name of
"The Engineering Society of Leland Stan
ford Junior University." Its membership
is confined to upper-class men and grad
uates' in the engineering departments.
The officers for the ensuing term are:
President, Frank Wheeler; vice president,
Frank O. Ellen wood; treasurer, Fred D
Hood; secretary, W. Frank Whltaker.
Stanford Engineering Society.
? YUMA, Ariz., May 10.— Pedro Morales,
wanted In Los Angeles for the murder of
Deputy Sheriff- Wilson in 1897," was cap
tured just before dark • yesterday near
the Mexican: line by Under Sheriff A. P.
Behan, ' Jailer William Neahr ¦ and Julio
Martinez of this place. , bneriff Gus Liv
ingston . of this county planned the at
tack. ¦¦'¦' .--''v : ;•;¦¦ ¦¦¦¦.¦: ¦ ' ¦ ¦ " .'¦'
The posse; concealed behind trees, was
in waiting for 'Morales to visit a place he
was known to frequent. 1 Riding up near
the officers, he dismounted and started
toward the house. When ordered to halt
and hold up, his hands he drew his pistol
and began rlrlng at the posse, at the same
time running backward toward his horse,
where he had a Winchester and I a bo wie
knife. When he had emptied his revolver
the officers made a dash for him and
overpowered' him. : ¦ »
Morales for vears has been the terror of
Mexico and Southern California, He ls
•said to have killed five or 'six men and
to ; have broken Jail • three times. The
California authorities have offered $500 re
ward for his arrest and. conviction. He
will be taken to Los v»neeles ¦ to-night, a
geles County Murderer After
a Fight. V
Yuma Posse V Captures the Los An-
BANDIT PEDRO MORALES
SURPRISED AND TAKEN
CAPE HAYTIEN. Hayti, May 10.— The
Inhabitants of the northern part of Hayti
have planned to take up arms at noon to
day or to-morrow In favor of the candi
dacy of Anternor Fimin as the successor
°f President Sam, who recently resigned
the Presidency. Former President Sam
will leave Hayti Monday on the steamer
Clinde Rodriguez for Havre.
TROUBLE IS BREWING
OVER HAYTI PRESIDENCY
Recently Banished Citizens Are Re
turning and Several Candi
dates Are Afield.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti, May 10.—
The political situation here is delicate and
•very serious complications are feared to
morrow when the recently banished citi
zens of Hayti return to this republic, as
a result of the resignation "of President
Sam. The latter is suporting' Maxl Mont-
Plaislr for the Presidency, but his candi
date is opposed by the majority of the
H&yjtien Congress, which will assemble
May 12 to elect General Sam's successor.
The Inhabitants of the capital are also
opposed to the choice of Mont-Plalsir for
the Presidency. Tne greater part of Con
gress appears to sympathize with General
Clncinnatus Leconte.
The foreign colonies of Carupano, con
sisting of about 300 persons, protested
against the shelling by Castro's troops of
the town without giving twenty-four
hours' notice for non-combatants to leave
the place. The Government forces poured
a deadly fire into the town. Five houses
were reduced td ruins and fifteen more
were badly damaged. Many residents
were killed and the scene was shocking.
The revolutionists in Venezuela have
made headway recently. . Operations are
being conducted with Caracas as the ob
jective point, and the hope of the in
surgents ls to be able to capture the capi
tal soon. Carupano is a seaport town in
the State of Bermudez, and is about 250
miles east of Caracas.
SHELLS WRECK HOUSES
BEFORE RESIDENTS LEAVE
Castro's Troops Open on Carupano
Regardless of the Lives of Non-
Combatants.
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, May 10.—
Venezuelan troops on May 8 attacked the
town of Carupano, which -is held by the
revolutionists, and were not only repulsed,
but were put to rout after a heavy loss
Mrs. Lindblom's. application for the in
junction is based on alleged threats of her
husband before they separated that he
would ."kill her if she carried out her in
tention of securing a divorce, and that If
he did not do that he would dispose of all
the property so she would 'have | nothing
for herself or -their two children.
The injunction covers a lot of ground.
It forbids Llndblom from in any way dis
posing of any of his mines In Nome, any
of hid fctocks, bonds, Government securi
ties or notes or any of his interests in
Mexico, where he ls the principal owner
In a street, lighting concern, jj It i also re
strains him- from molesting his wife In her
home, at 2601 Hlllegass avenue, Berkeley,
expressly requiring him to . stay away
from Its vicinity. •. ..
Until his wife gets a divorce from him
Eric O. Llndblom, the Nome millionaire,
who is, being sued for a divorce on the
ground of cruelty, will not be in apposi
tion to dispose of any of his numerous
valuable properties. Mrs. Mary Ann
Llndblom, . the complaining wife, . secured
an injunction to-day from Judge Ogden
that . ties the hands of her 'husband until
their troubles have been adjusted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 10.
WILL OF ARCHBISHOP
IS READ IN NEW YORK
Prelates to Hold in Trust Property
Left by the Most Rev. Michael
Corrigan.
NEW YORK, May 10.— Archbishop Cor
rigan's will,* which he executed eighteen,
years ago, has been read. He left every
thing to Bishops McQuald of Rochester,
McDonnell of Brooklyn arid Ludden of
Syracuse, to hold in trust until his suc
cessor has»been appointed, when the trus
tees will turn their trust over to the suc
ceeding Archbishop as trustee for the
church. . ¦
Archbishop Corrigan left little or 'no
personal estate. Money he received at
various times from his family, . It was
said, had been given away by the Arch
bishop during his lifetime, so that no pro
vision for the distribution of money was
mentioned in the will.
Action Filed in San Jose Recalls Fa
mous Will Contest in San
Francisco.
SAN JOSE, May 10.— Frederick W.
Piper, who was the contestant in the eel
ebrated Piper will case in San Francisco,
filed a suit for divorce against Gertrude
B. Piper in the Superior Court here to
day. The ground given is desertion. Piper
received several hundred thousand dol
lars as a compromise in the will contest
and was married shortly after he ob
tained his legacy. His wife was formerly
Gertrude B. Alken, a niece of W. H.
Aiken of Wrights, the latter being Piper's
stepfather. Piper made his home with
Aiken, and he and Gertrude Piper were
reared together. Their childish . affection
turned to love, and as soon as Piper got
his money they married.
Within a year Mrs. Piper deserted her
husband. Shortly after their marriage
Piper gave his wife $20,000. She is now
residing in San Francisco, while Piper
lives at his mountain home near Wrights.
A. A- Sanderson of San Francisco is at
torney for Piper.
Nome Mining King Must
Not Dispose of His
Properties
This morning will occur the j feast . of
St. Francis de Hleronyme of the Society
of Jesus. The faithful may gain a plenary
Indulgence by receiving the sacrament
and visiting St. Ignatius Church. ; Praying
for the intentions of ; the / Pope. Rev.
Father Culllgan will preach at the, 10:30
mass and Rev. -Father Butler will preach
In the evening after vespers.
First • English Lutheran — Morning 1 ,
"Charity." Evening— On the Sunday
school lesson topic for May 18. Pastor,
Rev. E. Nelander.
- . Y. '. M. C. A.— Afternoon, "The Trans
formation of a Boy," by Rev. William
Rader. ¦•¦..' ¦ .-¦'-¦ '\-Z'- '?<•£¦ -'¦¦' '¦ '¦
Epwbrth M. E.— Mornlng:\ "The Sacra
ment We Receive." .Evening: "The Es
cape of a Prisoner." Pastor, Rev. F. A..
Keast. •
Howard Street M. E.— Morning: "God
the Refuge of This People." Evening'
"The Unsearchable Riches of Christ."
Pastor, Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
First M. E.— Morning: "The Glory of
the Gospel of Christ." Evening* ','The
Young Man as a Son at .Home." Pastor,
Rev. Frank, K. Baker.
First Congregational— Morning: "No
Man Can Serve Two Masters." Even-
Ing: "Chenaniah, Who Instructed About
the Song Because He Was Skillful." Pas
tor, Rev. George C. Adams.
Plymouth ¦ Congregational — Morning,
"Reality and Unchangeableness of God."
Evening, "The Bible's Appeal to - Manli
ness." Pastor, F. B. Cheringrton.
California' Street M. E.— Morning:
"Christ's Narrow - Gauge Railroad."
Evening: "The Devil's Broad-Gauge
Railroad." Pastor, Rev. A. C. Bane. .
Grace M. E. — Morning: "Christian Sac
rifice." Evening:: "The People ¦ Who
Don't." Pastor, Rev. F. M. Larkln.
First Baptist— Morning: "Thinking De
cides Character." I Evening: "Fanati
cism." Pastor, E. A. Woods.
Richmond- M. E.— Evening:- "The One
Thing Lacking." Pastor, Rev. A. E. Ul
rlch.
Simpson Memorial M. E.— Evening:
"The Story of a Garden." Pastor, Rev..
John Stephens.
Richmond Congregational — Morning:
Sermon by Rev. E. J. Singer. Evening,
same. - • ,
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning: | Ser-'
mon by Rev. Peter Lass. Evening: Ser
mon by Pastor F. W. Fischer.
A. M. E. Zion— Morning: "A Belief In
Christ the Savior of the World Is the
Only Hope of Mankind." Evening: "Bib
lical and Historical Proofs of the Unity
of the Human Family."
First Unitarian— Morning: "The Busi
ness of the Liberal Church." Pastor, Rev.
Bradford Leavltt. .
Third Congregational— Morning: "The
Building of the Soul." Evening: "The
New Reverence." Pastor, Rev. William
Rader.
First U. P.— Morning: "God Said.','/
Evening: "The Young Man and His
Strength." Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.
Westminster Presbyterian— Morning: ''A
Splendid Wish." Evening: "The Wrong 1
Thoughts About God." Pastor, Rev. E.
H. Avery.
Sermons of a varied character will be
preached In the churches of this city to
day.
Learned Discussion in the
Churches.
SABBATH DAY TOPICS
OF THE LOCAL PASTORS
Ministers Select Varied Subjects ior
FREDERICK W. PIPER
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
INJUNCTION TIES
LINDBLOM'S HANDS
THIRD WOMAN TO EARN DE
, GREE OF DOCTOR OF PHILO
. SOPHY- AT BERKELEY.
SAN JOSE, May 10.— The charges of-ex
tortion and blackmail against Police and
Fire Commissioner Andrew S. Mackenzie
are to be dropped for the present and
taken up under the succeeding City Coun
cil. This is according to an instrument
filed in City Clerk Cook's office this after
noon by Attorneys Hardinge and Firs
baugh, who represent Henry E. Miller,
who made the charges. The attorneys
also announce that they withdraw from
further appearance before the Council.
Hardlnge and Firebaugh claim they
have not received fair treatment in the
investigation— that Mackenzie and his col
leagues on the commission were favored
at all times. They declare that they were
tricked last night, when Miller's fourth
accusation was taken up. Instead of the
first, for which witnesses had been sum
moned. The attorneys declare that they
are now convinced that it would be use
less to press the charges before this Coun
cil-
Before the Present Council
of San Jose.
Miller Will Not Press Accusations
CHARGES OF EXTORTION
DROPPED TEMPORARILY
Messenger Newton was ordered to open
the express car. which he agreed to do
if the robbers would not shoot him. The
leader of the gang war ted to shoot -the
messenger, but the others made him desist.
Dynamite was exploded on the safe, com
pletely wrecking: It and blowing- out the
*-lde of the express car. After fruitless
attempts to secure booty, the robbers cut
off the engine and ran farther west. They
deserted the engine in motion and es
caped. The conductor followed the en
gine, catching up at Bono, where it had
stopped on the level track. The operator
was aroused and immediately wired to
headquarters, the conductor returning
with the engine. With the exception of
the chair car, which was brought here by
the wrecker, the train proceeded west.
A pesse headed by the Sheriff has gone
after the robbers, who had a good start.
BANDITS TRY VAINLY
TO REACH THE COIN
Four Masked Men Enter a Railway
Express Car, but Get No
Booty.
JGXESBORO. Ark., May 10.— The west!
bound fast mail train on the St. Louis
«nd San Francisco Railway was held up
last night about 10:40 o'clock at Marsh
S:oing, five miles west, by four masked
men. Information wired to express com
pany officials stated that the robbers se
cured nothing. The robbers flagged the
train, which did not stop Quick enough
to let them on and they threw the en
gine, baggage, express car and smoker
on a siding by turning the switch under
the rear of the first car, throwing it and
the Pullman across the tracks. The fire
man was ordered back to' cut off the
engine, mall, baggage and express cars,
which pulled down the track some dis-
The refusal of Dr. Dille to accept. this
attractive call has brought joy to his
parishioners, among whom he is almost
idolized. For nine years he has held the
Oakland pastorate. -His first term of ser
vice began in 18S7 and he was in the pul
pit for the five years limit then placed
upon a continuous pastorate under the
law of the 'Methodist church. ! Then he
went to the Central Methodist Church in
San Francisco, remaining there for five
years.
In 1897 Dr. Dille returned to Oakland,
where he has since ministered to his
large flock. The ecclesiastical rule has
been changed, the time limit having been
-withdrawn. * Dr. Dille has a reputation
second to none on the Pacific Coast as a
powerful pulpit orator.- He. Is noted -for
his willingness to attack the dominant
evils of the age with strong courage and
ability. Beloved by hUK people and ad
mired by the. church at large, his decis
ion receives warmest approval i in this
city. -
Since his return to Oakland, Dr. L>ille
has been given an assistant, who is at
present the Rev. W. M. Martin.
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 10. .
The Rev. E. R; Dllle, pastor of the First
Methodist Church and one of the prom
inent divines of this city, has declined a
call to the First Methodist Church of
Pasadena, the offer having been accom
panied with a substantial. Increase over
his present salary. The church ls one of
the leading religious organizations of
Southern California, having finished re
cently a new edifice at a cost of $80,000,
which Is paid for.
AGREEMENT ENDS
WILLIAMS CASE
Litigation Over Old Sea
Captain's .Property
Terminates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 10.
"By an agreement, the terms of which
are not made public, the suit of Sarah D.
Williams, the divorced wife of the late
Captain Henry D. Williams, whose esca
pades and death attracted so much atten
tion a year ago, against Louis Lazarus
was dismissed to-day. The litigants are
understood to have come to an agreement
satisfactory to both, and that! ends tho
great expense that was threatened by the
pressing of the suit. '
The s.tory of Captain Williams is a
strange narrative. After years of toll and
adventure on, the seas He settled down to
live in California for the. rest of- his life.
,To secure. himself of a comfortable living
until death overtook him he deeded two
pieces of realty worth $19,000 to Lazarus
In consideration that Lazarus should pro
vide him with a life stipend. Not , five
weeks: after the deeds were filed Captain
Williams died and. Lazarus had only spent
$150 on his client, from whom he got
$19,000. . .
'Public Administrator Hawes applied for
letters of administration on the estate, and
In the course of his -search for relatives
discovered Mrs. Sarah D. Williams of
Boston. Mrs. Williams proved that she
was the wife of . Captain Williams. She
discovered that he had secured a divorce
from her somewhere in Arizona, but. of
this she had- never been aware until death
revealed the circumstance.
Mrs. Williams began suit against Laz
arus for the recovery of Captain Wil
liams' property and the action has since
been pending. • . .
Captain Williams earner in for a good
deal of notoriety two years ago, when he
was arrested for beating his fourth wife.
He was sentenced to serve six months In
prison, and in the meantime his wife got
a divorce from him.
KAYOR OF MONTEREY
BARELY ESCAPES DEATH
Catboat in Which He and a Salinas
Friend Are Sailing Is Capsized
, by a Squall.
MONTEREY, May 10,-Mayor ,R. F.
Johnson of this city and .William Mills
of Salinas narrpwly escaped drowning In
Monterey Bay this afternoon while sailing
in a small catboat.. They were tacking
home when a sudden squall struck them
and capsized the craft befqre thev could
let so the sail. • ••:¦ :
Both men were carried down under the
sail, where they struggled for some time
to extricate themselves from the entang
ling ropes. They were unable to right. the
boat In the heavy sea and could do noth
ing but clamber on top of It as It floated
bottom up, remaining there until assist
ance reached them from the shore. They
were in the water a considerable time and
were almost exhausted when rescued by
the flshing-boat that went to their aid.
riEBCE FIEE THEEAENS
THE TOWN OF TBTJCKEE
TRUCKEE, May 11.— At 1:15 o'clock this
morning, the Truckee Lumber Company's
box factory and lumber yards were dia- J
covered to be on fire. At this hour, 2 a. m.\
the entire yards are ablaze and • the fac
tory ls doomed. Every effort is being
made to save the town, and if wind does
not arise it will be possible. • •
Brooker Bros, of New York.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale 500 men's stylish spring and. summer
suits, also-' 500 men's Bwell top coats, all
wool, Brooker Bros, of New; York makers,
worth wholesale 515. for $4 65 at the Bos
ton Clothing,. Co.. 773 Market street, .near
Fourth. . ' ¦-. •¦•• .:. : •
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS; " vk
ASTORIA— Arrived. May 10— Stmr Geo W
Elder, from San Francisco; schr Mary Dodge,
from San Francisco. r . v .-
TACOMA— Arrived May 10— Stmr Umatilla,
from San Francisco. — .. ¦ -¦- . •
-Sailed; May 10— Br ship Senator. for.What
com. ¦ " ¦ -¦ ¦¦•..¦- ¦ •'"'•• ' > ¦ -_•¦•¦
PORTLAND— Sailed May lo— Stmr Alliance,
for ; San Francisco. - •
SEATTLE— Arrived May 10— Schr Minnie A
Calne, from Smiths: Inland. '
. V; : .. OCEAN i STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 10— Stmr Noor
dam. from Rotterdam. ¦
f WEWTfETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cook Book*
ha* Just arrived from Chicago
and' they it re ready 'for. distri
bution nt -the business .'office
©« this paper., All Call sub
scribers are entitled to a copy
of thin crrcat t Cook Book at
the premium price of fifty
cent". ¦..' . C .•¦ ' ;!:] .'¦: h .
. : An ' additional charsre of 2O
cent! ¦: to'', pay expretisagre will
be required from out of town
subscribers ordering: by 'mall.
The Rev. E. R. Dille Re
fuses' Call to Pasa
dena Church.
The men searched the yard, however,
and found the man cowering under a
woodpile. McSorley tried to arrest him.
but he resisted, and with the assistance
'.I his wue made a warm time of it for
the officer. In the midst of the fight
Weiss broke away and attacked Dr. Ker
gan, but tlie doctor was too quick for
him. He tripped the man and then, fall
ing upon him, put the officer's handcuffs
on his wrists. Afterward Weiss was taken
tc the Receiving Hospital, where several
wounds on his head were dressed, and
later he was assigned to a cell in the City
Prison.
Mrs. Weiss' daughter complained to the
neighbors that her stepfather beat her
¦with a piece of hose. The wife excuses
him on the ground that he was intoxi
cated.
Dr. Kcrgan's attention was directed to
the Weiss home at 1 o'clock this morning
while he was returning from a night Call.
The neighbors cried out that Fritz Weiss
vras killing his wife's child and the
screams of the girl could be heard calling
for help.
Officer McSorley heard the screaming,
too, and rushed to see what was the trou
ble. Upon being denied admittance to the
house the officer and physician went to
the rear. There Mrs. Weiss told them
her husband had escaped over a back
fence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 10.
In an endeavor to protect an 8-year-old
child from a beating at the hands of her
stepfather. Dr. W. W. Kergan and Police
man McSorley were treated to a clawing
this morning by Mrs. Fritz Weiss of 717
Sixth street, wife of the man who was
venting his anger on her daughter. So
furious was the woman's attack that it
was necessary for the police officer to
turn Weiss over to Dr. Kergan while he
etiuggled with her. She fought and
kicked and pinched like a demon until
finally subautd.
Brown was charged with manslaughter,
but was released on his own recognizance
by Police Judge Smith. The child's, father
ls a section boss, employed by the South
ern Pacific Company. /
My car was running at ordinary speed along:
Grove street, about 5 o'clock. At Twenty-sixth
street I saw children playing In the street. Just
as the car approached them the child that was
killed ran out directly In front of the car. I
reversed the motors a» quickly as I could, but
it was too late to save the child, who was
struck on the head and killed.
That the little body was not badly
mangled under the car wheels was due
to the promptness with which the motor
man stopped his car. Although a life
was lost. Brown did his utmost to pre
ventl the accident. He was overcome
with grief as he assisted to move the
baby's body.
As soon as he had completed his run,
Motorman Brown surrendered himself at
the City Prison to Captain of Police W.
F. Petersen, to whom he made the fol
lowing statement:
The accident- occurred at 5 o'clock. The
baby, with other children older than her
sell, had been running about the streets,
her mother bcinc absent on a call several
blocks from their home, which overlooks
the scene of the fatality. Just as the car
rolled along, in charge of Motorman A.
U Brown, the baby ran directly in front
of it. She was hit on the ' head and
tumbled over. Passing pedestrians picked
the little one up and 'soon had the baby
in her home. The mother was notified by
children, who saw her approaching the
house. Mrs. Shannon fell fainting from
the shock and was cared for by neigh
bors. When she -evived she was assisted
home, only to tind her baby girl a corpse.
Dr. H. J. Lackey, who was in tne
neighborhood, was summoned, but he
could only tell the distracted mother that
her child was dead.
While playing in the street this after
n< on, little Margaret Shannon, not quite
three years of age, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Shannon, resting at 5'j6
Sycamore street, was struck by a south
bound Grove-street electric car at Twen
ty-sixth and Grove streets and instantly
killed.
111S Broadway. May 10.
Oakland Office San 'Francisco Call,
Crazed With liquor the Man
Beats a Stepdaughter
With Hose.
Margaret Shannon, a Three-
Year-Old Child, Is tha
Victim.
DECLINES OFFER
FROM THE SOUTH
- \ ¦ • ¦¦¦-.
ypv ERKELEY, May 10.— Miss Alic-J
|i_^/ Robertson, the third woman in
|~^V the history of the University of
Jl— -If California to earn the degree of
doctor of philosophy from the
State institution, passed her flnal exam
inations for that title to-day. Her name
will be referred to the graduate council,
which in turn will recommend to the Re
gents that the degree, be granted. Th*
title will then be conferred. /
Miss Robertson's examination was held
in room 22, South Hall, and was open to
the public A large number of visitors
were present during the oral examination.
The candidate's thesis was on "The Em
bryology and Embryonic Fission in
Cyclostomatous Bryozca." and she was
questioned on her .previous investigations
on this subject. Miss Robertson and the
committee in charge were in academic
dress. Her examiners were Associate
Professor W. E. Ritter, -Associate Profes
sor G. M. StraUon and Assistant Profes
sor J. C. Merriam.
In 1S9S Miss Robertson received the de
gree of B. S. from California and in 1899
the degree of M. S. Her. work has been
in natural science. - •
Only two other 'women have secured the
degree of Ph.D. from California. They
are Miss Mlllcent Shlnn, who was so
honored In 1S98. and Miss Jessica Pelxotto,
who got the degree In 1900. The title haa
been conferred on fourteen men.
Grove-Street Electric Car
Ends Little One's
L ; fe.
Her Husband.
Mrs. Fritz Weiss Resists
Men Who Arrest
KILLS A BABY
GIRL AT PLAY
Miss Alice Robertson of the University of California Successfully
Undergoes Ordeal of Examinations and Carries Off Honors Se
cured by Only Two Other Women in History of Institution
WOMAN ATTACKS
CHILD'S SAVIORS
PASSES THE FINALS AND WINS
DOCTOR OF PHILOSOPHY DEGREE
VICIOUS ATTACK
UPON A WOMAN
CHICAGO, May 10. — Former Congressman
Lcrimer was nominated as tho Republican can
didate for Congress from the Sixth District
bere to-day.
New Food Inspector.
OAKLAND. May 10.— Dr. Fred I*
Pierce, city market, meat and milk In
spector for eight years, has resigned. The
Board of Health has appointed Dr. R» A.
Archibald to the vacancy.
OAKLAND, May 10.— The Ebell Society
has abandoned Its plan for a reception to
the delegates to the Congress of Women's
Clubs at Los Angeles, word having been
received that they cannot visit Oakland,
as had been contemplated.
Ebell Reception Abandoned.
BERKELEY, May 10.— The "Antigone"
of Sophocles was given to-night in Har
mon gymnasium by students and profes
sors of Stanford University. Berkeley
was favored by the last production of the
tragedy with the present cast. The per
formance was undoubtedly the best the
amateurs have given, as their previous
experiences on the stage have been of
great profit to them.
The size of the audience was particu
larly gratifying to the management and
the actors. The advance sale reached
1400. and the 1800 available seats were
practically filled when the performance
began. . Society from San Francisco, Oak
land. Alameda and Berkeley was well
represented. Although the student at
tendance was good, the audience was
composed mostly of persons outside of
university life. The California faculty
was well represented and many pilgrim
ages were made from Palo Alto to again
view "Antigone."
The local management was successfully
carried out by Professor L. J. Richard
son of"" the State University. He was
aided in his work by Professors H. R«
Fairclough and A. T. Murray of Stan
ford.
Successful Presentation of
"Antigcma" of Sophocles.
Favor Their Berkeley Friends With a
STANFORD STUDENTS
REPEAT GREEK PLAY .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, May 10.
Heart weakness, aggravated by the ex
traction of her teeth, ls declared by a
Coroner's Jury to-night to have been the
cause of the death of Mme. Maria Teresa
Astorga de Pereira, who died In a dentist's
chair Thursday afternoon. The Jury's
verdict does not blame Dr. Q. I* Schmidt,
who was treating Mme. Pereira at the
time of her death.
At the Inquest this evening Miss Marl*
Pereira, the deceased's daughter, first re
lated the events leading up to her moth
er's demise. She said Dr. Schmidt gave
her mother brandy to stimulate her be
fore he began the extraction of twelve
of her teeth. The dentist extracted three
teeth and as she seemed to be weak ha
had given her a powder. Soon after that
Mme. Pereira fainted and the daughter,
becoming freightened, sought assistance.
She was not present when the physicians
tried in vain to resuscitate her mother.
Dr. Schmidt testified that whila Mme.
Pereira's health might be good she did
not seem altogether robust. He advised
her against anaesthetics and she consent
ed to receive an injection of cocaine Into
her gums. The dose, the dentist said,
contained one-sixteenth of a grain, which
is a minimum amount. After two teeth
had been extracted Mme. Pereira com
plained of falntness and the dentist gave
her a powder of yucatan to stimulate her.
Following the extraction of a third tooth,
she fainted and he summoned assistance
when It became evident that she was
very ill.
Drs. S. C. Hornef, W. H. Goldson and
O. C. Hyde all testified as to the efforts
they made to revive Mme. Pereira. They
thought there was once a sign of return
ing life in the deceased, but this was only
momentary.
Dr. Hyde, who performed tne autopsy,
testified that he believed death to be due
to heart failure and the shock from the
extraction of the deceased's teeth. He
based his opinion on a microscopic ex
amination of the heart muscles, which
he found degenerative. In accordance
with this statement the Jury rendered the
following verdict:
"We, the Jury, do find that death was
caused primarily by shock resulting from
extraction of the teeth, and secondarily,
to weakness of the heart, due to degenera
tion thereof." •
The Jury was composed of Cnarles Jux
gens. E. H. "Warren, D. "W. Morris. J. R.
Nalsbltt, J. H. Fairchild and C. Warren.
The funeral of the late Madame
Pereira was held this afternoon at 2
o'clock from the Pereira residence, 9O.
Madison street. The services were
conducted by the Rev. Dr. Mor
rison of the clergy of the Church of the
Immaculate Conception. The honorary
pallbearers were selected from the consu
lar corps of San Francisco, as follows:
Consul Calderon of Honduras, Consul
Tinoco of Costa Rica, Consul Grau or
Peru, Consul Costa of Uruguay, Consul
Coney of Mexico and Consul Mejin of Sal
vador. The (remains were placed In a re
ceiving vault at Mountain View Cemetery
pending shipment to Chile.
Consul Pereira has written to ttim
Chilean Minister at Washington for per
mission to return to Chile with the body.
Verdict of the Coroner's Jury
Does Not Blame Dentist
Schmidt
Mme. Pereira's Demise
Due to Shock to?
. That Organ.
HEART WEAKNESS
CAUSE OF DEATH
Ruffian.
¦,.. - ...
Mrs. A. Dalz'.el Is Twice
Stopped by Unknown
West Berkeley Resident Has
Exciting Experience With
Miscreant.
BERKELEY, May 10.— Mrs. A. Dalziel
of Bancroft way and Third street. West
Berkeley, was viciously attacked twice
last evening by an unknown man. But
for the timely appearance of passers-by
she does not know to what extent the
assault would have been carried.
Mrs. Dalziel was on her way home from
the residence of Mrs. M. Unda on San
Pablo avenue at about 10 o'clock when
the man sprang upon her from the shadow
of a building at trie corner of Eighth and
Addlson streets. He seized her by the
arm and commanded her to be still, but
the brave woman fought against him with
all her strength. Her son Clyde, an 11
year-old boy, was with her, but he was
too frightened to be of assistance. Her
screams attracted a man in a buggy, who
drove up and the assailant fled.
Mrs. Dalziel's unknown rescuer drove
on and when the woman and her son were
nearly home a second attack was made.
Mrs. Dalziel. tore away from her attacker
and fled to a group of men at Sixth and
Bancroft way. Although a search was
made no trace of the man was found.
Mrs. Dalziel believes that she would know
him If she saw him again. She thinks
robbery was the motive of his attack.
CONFER THIRD DEGREE .
- UPON" THEIR CHIEF
Masonic Employes of Railway Mall
Service Celebrate Initiation of Su
perintendent H. F. Thrall.
BERKELEY, May 10.— Masonic employes
of the railway, mail service took charge
of the work of Durant Lodge No. 268,
Free and Accepted Masons, last night,
and conferred the third degree of Ma
sonry upon H. P. Thrall, superintendent
of the United States railway mall service.
Nearly 600 Masons were present at the
ceremonies. There were representatives
from all the States west of the Rockies,
who came to do Thrall honor, and many
of the Eastern States had visiting broth
ers present. The gathering was one of the
most notable In the history of Durant
Lodge.
At the close of the lodge work the Ma
sons sat down to a banquet. Past Master
M. H. Flint was toastmaster, and toasts
were responded to by Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge. Dr. George C. Pardee, Past
Master F. H. E. O'Donnell, Dr. Hubert
N. Rowell and Professor- R, R. Lloyd.
The officers who had charge of the work
are as follows:
Worshipful Master M. H. \ Flint, P. M. of
East Gate Lodge No. 290 of Los Ansreles;
Senior Warden J. S. Roberts of Oakland Lodge
No. 188: Junior Warden W. E. Phillips or
Mount Morlah Lodge Xo. 124 of San Fran
cisco; Senior Deacon H. C. Schmidt of Crockett
Lodge No. 139 of San Francisco; Junior Deacon
C. P. Hobbs of Oakland Lodge No. 183;
Stewards C. B. McKenale of Pentalpha Lodge
No. 202 of Los Angeles and F. J. Albertl of
Durant Lodge No. 2C8 of Berkeley, j
Grace Beams Is Struck by Steps, but
Is Fulled Out of
Banger.
DRAGS SISTER FROM
IN FBJONT OF TRAIN
ALAMEDA, May 10.— Grace Reams, the
eight-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
John Reams, residing on Encinal avenue,
near Mound street, narrowly escaped be
ing crushed by a narrow gauge local train
last night. The child was struck by the
steps of one of the cars and thus pre
vented from rolling under the wheels.
Little Grace, with an elder sister, at
tempted to board the train as it was pull
ing out from Versailles station for High
street. Grace succeeded in getting on the
platform, but her sister' did not. She
called to Grace to jump off. The latter
obeyed, with the result given. Had It not
been for the presence of mind of her elder
sister, who dragged her away from the
track, little Grace might have been more
seriously hurt.
Knights Templar at Church.
• OAKLAND, May 10.— Oakland Com
mandery No. 11, Knights Templar, will
attend special Ascension day services to
morrow evening at the First Congrega
tional Church. The Rev. Charles R.
Brown, the pastor, will officiate. The mu
sic will be appropriate.
Class Banquet.
The senior class of Hastings College of
the LaW enjoyed its farewell class ban
quet last night at one of the downtown
restaurants. Toasts were responded to
by Dr. E. R, Taylor and Dr. L. T. Heng
stler of the faculty.. by Registrar Leonard
Stone and by various member* of the
class. William S. Downing acted as toast
master.
Among those present were Joseph Far
ry, J. E. White. Joseph Raines, Walter
Rothschild J. M. O'Brien." J. Worley. J.
M. Mannon, Edward O'Brien,- Samuel
Poorman, A. L. Hart. J. A. Moore, H. A.
Richmond. E. J. Talbott. L. A. Hilborn,
Marc Anthony, B. L. Quayle, J. L. Dil
bert, J. L. Kennedy, J. V. de Laveaga, W.
S. Downing:. H. D. McCreary, H. B. Cash
man. Dr. Edward R. Taylor (dean), Dr.
Louis T.i Hengstler and Leonard Stone.
NEW YORK. May 10. — Rear Admiral Schley
to-night at the Grand Central Palace acted ai
reviewing officer at the first annual review and
reception of the New York corps of the Span
ish War Veterans. • . :
THE SAN FBANC1SGO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 11, 1902.
31
TwW WjSWm I Dr. Meyers & Co. use remedies that ar«
\s2SI&£a»£slgy / entirely unknown to any other specialists
I •' : fJBBBOSS/SS^ i * n t** e West. The physicians have had
\ i^SKHBKW / i longer experience and better training than
\ Jt\ /®S38Sy# / others. They are more able to quickly
\ >®\>/ diagnose a. case, and their treatment acts
V-cl^ lar {* 1 Ss5*V ' directly, positively and effectively. They
NJ\ I VTS use no Poisonous drugs or harmful meth-
¦ >J *%<* ]^ °^ s - Th e l r treatment ls speedy, painless.
'¦^w- r_^r Their equipment is modern, costly and .
scientific.
these statements are years of constant practice. Dr. Meyers &
X are respected by the medical profession aBphysicians of the greatest abil-
ity. They are the court of last res°rt in desperate cases where there is not
"time for argument or doubt and where the best skill must be- had Immediate-
ly.- "Whether your case is severe or mild, of recent or long 1 standing:, you
'-;, should have the best attention, and-" will cost you no more than any other.
Varicocele Weakness
It is remarkable how some of the No aliment of man brings to Its
relics of barbarian . surgery have ... ...
come down to - the present day. In Tictim greater discouragement, hope-
particular- is this so with regard to lessness and terror than weakness.
the old-fogy method of treating vaxi- -
cocele by Inserting the ligature. Mod- ' In the large majority ©f cases weak-
jvrn medicine is scientific— at one time ness ls found to tne result of „
it was empirical. . . , J
Dr. Meyers & Co. are representa- exhausted nervous condition, lmpov-
« ri ' hed bIood ora local **ang,ment
scientific . investigations with regard - of the pelvic system. \
;to the cure ' of . varicocele and other r,,.- »„,»,...»„...,„ „»..„,- «-V-
nervous diseases they conferred a Our t reatmen t restores jlgor and
¦ great benefit upon mankind. .."'¦-. strength and tones up the entire con-
: feT^om^a^icoc^^uptu^St 8^: 1*$"%-%* >£? "^H w T"
ture, Prostatic Troubles, Hydrocele and ruddy health are essential to hap-
and the nervous diseases so often as- piness. We could refer by pennls-
¦<!ffi^ t &F&^&^\ fhocL hu to d u. d9 to °i.^ 8 S u^r
and to explain their wno caino to us to .» 8tate ef-P*»y«i-.
methods of cure. '.- cal and mental collapse.
DR>MEYEWS& CO.
. 731 MAKKBT BTHKKT, B. P.
HOUBS-t to 13, 1 to 4; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11. \
I— -- ' ¦¦¦¦-¦ - |Thirty millions of artificial teeth are
used each year.
of little Alice Bourne, his sister's child,
by Judge Murasky yesterday. The peti
tions of Miss A. Singley and Mrs. Walter
Harvey for the custody of the child were
denied. Griffin is the superintendent of
the box factory of Hobbs, -Wall & Co. at
Crescent City.
QUEEN OF THE CARNIVAL,
PHOTOGRAPHED IN HER
ROYAL ROBES. »
Appoints Griffin Guardian.
Eustace Griffin was appointed guardian
A XBOSt successful bonbon party was
eiven last night by the local branch of
the "National Association of Stationary
Engineers. The grand march took place
at 9 o'clock and the floor was crowded
with a merry throng of dancers through
out the evening. The party was given for
the benefit of the sick fund of the asso
ciation and was a pronounced success
The following committee had the affair in
charge: P. Eonor, H. F. Malich, A. Pom
eroy. Edward Kelly and "Walter Smith,
P. Ennor acted as floor manager
Engineers' Benefit Dance.
THIS has been a very busy week
for Queen Fay, the beautiful
young woman chosen by the peo
ple of Sacramento to act as mon
arch of their street fair. With her
mother, Mrs. G. W. Jackson, the beautiful
young sovereign has been spending the
most of the week in San Francisco select
ing the royal robes that are to adorn her
at her coronation and while she holds the
scepter.
Miss Jackson Is one of Sacramento's
most beautiful and esteemed young wom
en. Her popularity may best be under
stood when it is said that no ill feeling
has been engendered by her overwhelm
ing victory, all who were her rivals in the
contest gracefully acknowledging that shs
is most worthy.
In her royal robes Miss Jackson looks
every inch a. queen, and her city is natur
ally and with good reason very proud of
her.
• English Is - more ; and .more taking: the
place of .' French as : the ¦ language of Rus
sian ''Court - circles. '.The • Czarina speaks
English v constantly, ' and ' the Czar • too
likes-*: to -express -himself : in. ; the same
tongue^?- > -$&£SB8U6f*8BB&388£;, ¦_--..¦¦¦,
'£ h » rles . McCarthy, a plumber living at
1432 . Taylor j street,- while driving an un
manageable colt yesterday on Hyde street
was thrown from hU buggy. He receive*
injuries- about .the. head imd L face
t^Uk •j, Denn 'son,: a- contractor Irving on
Tenth avenue was thrown from bla %ugt
gy on ,-Laxkto / -street': and - received
Two Runaways Cause Accidents.
The members of the - Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society No: 19 will hold r a- rummage
sale in aid of, charityat 417.' Fourth street
from ¦ May 10 to . 15: v The ladies earnestly
solicit donations of old clothes, furniture,
etc., for; the ¦ aid • of the enterprise.-:; the
members I of the ; society have been faith
fully ' working ; for the success of ' ther at-
Rummage Sale for Charity.
a genes of contused and lacerated^,
wounds,, \
Both men were taken to the Emergency
hospital for repairs.
At the electric congress Just held ; In
Moscow an electric motor plow was ex
hibited .-which turned a furrow twelve
inches deep. ;•
fair,; and* all, the money realized will be
donated to charitable I purposes. ' .. .
The annual meeting the the Calif ornia
Central. Gas and Electric Company took
place yesterday, resulting In the re-elec
tion of the board - that held ¦ office lat,t
year. The .amount, of .business for -the
last ten months aggregated the gross in
come of $225,168 85. The operating, general
expenses and maintenance amounted to
$191,460 63; the bonded Interest ' to April
1, $23,623 98; - the : sinking fund, $13,333 33
and i the net surplus i to April 1, $26,750 9L
The board consists of John Martin, pres
ident; J. 'A. Britton,' vice president; P H
Pearson, secretary ; R. ; R. Colgate, E. J*
d* fiabla. Jr.. S. W. Zerle and J. C. Love!
Annual Election of j Officers.
Park Music Programme.
Following Is the park music programme
for to-day, Paul Steindorff, conductor:
"Star-Spangled Banner."
March from "King- Dodo".. "..:... Luders
Overture, : "Frelschutz" ' i ............... Weber
fa) "The Lost Chord".... ....Sullivan
e , ( h> " D . a 5f e 8 s V ltanes " ......Daniels
Selection, ¦ "Florodora .¦ Stewart
Fantasia, "Carmen" ....:....... " ' Bizet
March, "The Yankee Hustler" ........,!;....
A' tribute to American progress, com- "
posed by Hon. Eugene E. Schmtts
Mayor of San Francisco.
Overture, ."William Tell' Rossini
"Fackeltanz No. 3" . . . . . . .... . . .Meyerbeer
Selection, "Robin Hood".... ..Do Koven
Qrand fairtasie, "La Boheme" (Brst time)
¦'"¦''¦" '"HaU Co'lu\nb"la:"V" ••'•¦ T UCC ' nl
Mr. Payot also gave Illustrations of the
elephant's intelligence and the tasks to
which he is put by the lazy Burman.
"The Burmans have preserved their re
ligious customs and characteristics to this
day. Pagodas, the Burman houses of
worship, are found everywhere that
human hands can place them. Some of
them are exceedingly large and are either
white or gold colored. The largest pagoda
in Burmah Is embellished, with $150 000
worth of gold foiL Any man, who erects
a pagoda is saved from the pain of dyine
again after his demise from this earth
and Is regarded by the people as a holy
man. - . • - *
"In the Shadows of the Pagoda," a de
scriptive and stereopticon illustrated lec
ture, was delivered last night by Henry
Payot at the Mechanics' Institute, on Post
street. Mr. Payot told of the Burmans'
customs, life and . surroundings. He said
in part: '
Lectures on Land of Pagodas.
Mother Applies to Child Whom. She
Has Not Seen in. Seventeen Years
for Maintenance.
Leonora Duffy, the aged mother of
Sarah J. Tordi, proprietress of the Em
press millinery store, at 417 Geary street,
tiled a suit for maintenance against her
daughter yesterday. She asks the court
to compel her daughter to pay her J100
a month and $100 to relieve her Immediate
necessities. ¦ ¦ \
Mrs. Duffy claims that she is unable to
work to earn her own living because of
her age, 77 years. She alleges further
that she is almost helpless from rheuma
tism. Her daughter, she alleges, Is in the
receipt of a large income from her busi
ness, and having no one to support but
herself is amply able to provide for her
needs. :.
• Mrs. Yordi is the widow of a Cloverdale
merchant. She was reared by Mr. and
Mrs. James Duffy, her uncle and aunt,
to whose custody she was given when she
was a little girlby her father and moth
er.. She has not seen her mother for sev
enteen years. She Is at a loss to under
stand why she should be sued for main
tenance, as there are several other chil
dren whom she says are able to support
her mother.
LEONORA DUFFY SUES HER
DAUGHTER FOR SUPPORT
The general affirms that the women who
had been taken prisoners were carried
along with .the columns in trolleys for
weeks, and at night were placed around
the laagers as a protection against night
attacks by the Boers. Many women died
from their wounds -and the misery they
had endured. Delarey's- wife was forced
to leave her home, and had been wander
ing around \ the country" for over twelve
months with her six small children, and
the general's mother, aged 83 years, had
been carried away as a prisoner. H
The report gives a long list of the
women killed and wounded, and signed
and sworn statements are made by pris
oners as to having been shot at after
having surrendered.
A letter has been recently received by
Van Loben Sels, 1111 Washington street,
Oakland, from. Dr..Hendrick Muller, the
Orange Free State envoy in Europe, who
has been touring this country giving in-i
formation to the public regarding the^
treatment of women and children by the
British forces during the present war, In
which he incloses an extract, from a re
port of .General Delarey that has lately*
come into his possession. .
Delarey Tells of Cruelty to Women
by the British Military
.. Forces.
EXTRACT OF REPORT
FROM BOER GENERAL
March, "Clorlnda" (Halnes): medley. "Rage
In Ireland" (Beyer); gavotte, "Mavoiirneen"
(Kelley); waltzes, •"Erinna" (Bennett); mar^h.
"Dreamy Eyes" (Lampe); Southern Idyll,
"Creole Belles" i (Lampe); characteristic,
"Land of the Free" . (.Schuppert) ;, galop, "Fox
Hunters" (Walsh)
County Clare will also entertain to-mor
row night. The ladies of this booth are
leaving no stone unturned in their efforts
to make their part of the festival a suc
cess, and they promise an interesting pro
gramme.
The band rendered the following selec
tions last night:
The fair will, of course, be closed to
day. To-morrow night the League of the
Cross in full uniform will be present. The
companies will hold a competitive drill
and the one showing the most proficiency
will be given a handsome trophy. 'The
league's band will furnish music. .
The Irish dance hall, which' has been
moved from the gaiiery down, to the
ground floor, again proved its great pop
ularity last night. During the entire
evening this part of the great festival
was crowded with spectators watching
the graceful dancers executing the lively
and picturesque jigs. Irish jigs have ever
held a warm spot in the public's heart,
and now that an opportunity is afforded
to see them performed In due style and
all correctness, the people are taking ad
vantage of It.
When one enters the fair one is at a
loss to know just what feature to visit
first, as suchi a number of inviting spec
tacles present themselves to one's sight.
As a rule, however, the bewildered visi
tor is given very little time to consider.
He is very soon taken in charge by some
of the pretty Irish lassies and whisked
away to view the attractions at the
booths. These, indeed, present a very
beautiful sight, and last night in the ab
sence of a regular programme the ladies
In charge of them reaped rich harvests.
Yesterday afternoon the fair was open
especially ,for the school children and
hundreds of the little people • nocked to
the pavilion. Punch anu Judy, Imported
directly from Cork, and the merry-go
round and the museum with its freaks
proved especially attractive.
Although there was no special - pro
gramme under the auspices of
any ~ particular, booth last night at the
Irish Fair, Mechanics', • was
crowded and the attendance far exceed
ed that of any previous evening. The peo
ple found abundance of enjoyment in
viewing the 'map of Ireland and locating
their particular city or county on its ver
dant surface, or in visiting the art gal
lery, with its collection of rare paintings,
or the booths and viewing the displays of
wonderful and beautiful articles, z
League of the • Cross Will
Entertain To-Morrow
Evening.
Beautiful Displays at the
Irish Fair Delight
Visitors.
PRETTY BOOTHS
PLEASE PEOPLE
THE SAOST J?E ANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 11, 1902.
Dainty Sovereign Who Will Reizn in S3 cramento Spends
Week Selecting Gorgeous Raiment to Adorn Her When
She Takes Scepter ana s R?/dy to Dazzle Her Subjects
IN MARTS OF METROPOLIS
QUEEN FAY SELECTS ROBES
32
Jf^\ Dr. Talcott & Co.,
gf Practice Confined to
vi. JbsL Contracted and Functional
Disorders of Men
/Ly\V^il<Wll \£ IT CKKTAINLT CAN BE STATED WITHOUT PEAR
SJZ* \\ \2 7 // Niv ot contradiction that previous to our announcement of the
\\ l\ VH( // // Importance of urethral Inflammations and chronic prostatio :
\\ 1 \ fl *N/ 1 // affections, as factors In disorders of men. that treatment
_ T -.rUjL 1 „ '* was conducted In an Impracticable and unsuccessful sr.an- /
r. Lfc TAIjCOTT. M. D. ner. Our brilliant curta and the adoption of our methods /
O O by others 1b proof of it* correctness. : ¦ .
WHY DRUCS FAIL-Many Men Treated for Weakness Which
Never Existed— Failure Due to Wrong Diagnosis.
There is a tendency nowaday* to accribe cases of lost vitality to lack of nerve
force and to treat them as such, with tonics, electricity and stimulants, resulting: In
but the most temporary benefit. If at all.
As a result of observations and practical experience. I have been convinced that
the nerves play but a subsidiary role in the production of disorders of men. It is
very unueuaJ to find any trouble in an otherwise strong man other than a datraged
prost&U or deep urethral Inflammation, particularly in those whose disorders origi-
nated in too lone continued and too often repeated excitement, or the harmful influ-
ence exercised by an ill-treated contracted disorder, and if exhausted nerve force
seemed to be present, it U only aa a concomitant, or perhaps we may say a compli-
cation of chronic prostatitlg. and disappeared with its cure. Still further, these
lacta are verified by purely local treatment, for procedures directed toward repairing
tne aasiasred gland are always rewarded by the most brilliant cures.-
Q— — ! 3
m laJ , attcntl °n riven to Varicocele, Contagious Blood Diseases and Acute f
I ana Cbronle t-rethral and Prostatic Inflammation. Consultation free and no I
ctarre whatever for treatment of any case In which cure "is not effected. Colored
icaartof tb* organs and Dlajwosls Blank' sent free on application. .
O— _ , ; . ft
F. L. Ttleott, M. P., or Dr. Talcott t Co ,997 Market StreeS Cor. Sixth.
|^i - . ~?^~' iiJJijni _l_ ': 'l'\
t-ALIFORWIA -^^^^^^^S '
One cao\ rea.d
its car win.- -^^1 '.L-bJJjTO
// fc^T^l CKic^so in )
/L\Hr^\ tKree D^y3
... :*¦¦ ', "¦: ' - ¦ ] ./¦-, ./ - ¦•"•.-- : ;'. . "¦"¦¦- (¦ ' ¦*¦,:. ': '^ADVERTISEMENTS.' > " * \ . .' . ¦¦ . * - -
fl Ca^fjO-" c4 J}3 EV £l iTffi'fcDirP^W dIkmB P^^*v'»H MW * BK Jfi3f ft wP^J * ' tf '*••¦ of ' ' ¦ • Kg ¦ K *¦ K i mmt sSSBt^^^^M^^D BX "' ' fjfBw MtE^ ' mt^-SSOk B mrfm^T^Cw #V B BsL 0 ?jPW
Operations Avoided. arsiest Words of Gratitude. I
I / — ' ~~~ - " D2AB Mbs. PbnecHAM:— Tour Vegetable Compound has complete! j hi
I w^on o t^tla ¦« wrtmon miff««'«« Trri4-U Aw - cured me of the worst f oral of womb trouble, and made me a strong, H
I WH^napnySlCian teUS. a woman. SUfienng With Ova- healthv, robust woman. Before usin ? Lydla t
Q rianorwomb trouble that an operation is necessary, it of . E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, i suffered h
g - . , , , — -..•"..- JSEsfiL with severe pains in back and side, headache fi
H COUrse ingntens Her. ". . .... ¦ and nervousness. Menses would sometimes ||
i The very thought of the operating table and the knife ji^m^^^i occur every two weeks, and once I had a ae- |
H , ., , , v v _x JS^^Sfwa hemorrhaffe which lasted a month. I was U
| StriKeS terror tO her heart. --",.//.. .' , Mf confined to my bed and the attending physi- fj
1 And our hospitals are full of women who are there for W<^ ci * ns told mc l w .? uld have to «=dergo anoper- d
fj - . , r . j • . ?»^3 &%& ation as soon as I was stronsf enoug-h. I read il
H Ovarian and WOmb Operations ! *\F in on© of your little books several testimonials M
m Tt is nnifA fniA That th^cA trnnhlAa mav roarVi a ct»<rA \ far^* r-i from ladies who were cured by yonr Compound M
i ll 1S . quite true tnan tnese trouoies may reacn a stage m u» after having -^^ told by doctors that an fj
U where an operation is the only resource, but such cases are V.^^ v^ operation was necessary, and I made up my d
r mnr»l-» rarov fVian ia oonora 11 ir Qiinnncor) V»nr>'>nea a rr-rant W$&***zr j mind then and there to commence taking your n
I much rarei tnan is generally supposed, because a great _|l|pi^_- compound. I did so and it has completely re-
U many women have been cured by Mrs. Pinkham's med- U?*^SI^^^S stored me to good health. I have gained twenty n
U iVinA affor tho fiortors had Raid thfi onpra+iort minit hft t&S^^gfeg're^lgl two pounds since taking it and my flesh is as U
g lCine atter tne aOClOrS naa Saia tne Operation must DO fe ffiffe ti A R uy solid as a rock. My friends remark about the a
H performed. • - . ¦ 1 , I change in me. I am a living advertisement of *|
H T^»« ¦«• Wt,iri,on,>i> -it«»a*«m« r<*-m.-~~-.-~ a v.«« what Lydia E. Pinkham's Vcgstablo Compound can do, and have in- fl
| v Lydia B. Pinkham'S Vegetable Compound has flue nced many of my frienda to try it, which has proved very gratify. I
i been very successful in cu ring ovarian troubles. In fact, ing in its results. I thank you for restoring me to health."— ANNIE s
I pS^^^^^^^^^0W^^^0^M^^^^ HiBTLBY, «»& Sangamon St., Chicago, 111. |
I instant relief, this medicine is certain to help. "ANOTHER OPERATION AVOIDED. j]
I Ovarian troubles are easily developed- from womb [ 3g "1^^ Mrs . pctkham:— I feel very grateful to you for the benefit H
H. troubles, and womb troubles are SO Very common that I derived from your kind advice and remedies. I was troubled with a ||
§ ovaritis is steadily on the increase among woiien. It is, n V^rttn^^ntL°^^^ i^i^^. §
9 nevertheless, a most SeriOUS tfouble, and t6 recommend tite and c° u ld not sleep nights. The least exertion would cause short- B
m , , . » -...' . • ¦¦¦'¦¦- v t- j.t- x ness of breath and dull pains in my hips and side. The doctors all H
H Wrong treatment for It IS a Crime tor WniCn there cannot advised me to have an operation and have one of my ovaries removed, ||
II hft t,on rlp«»n a npnaltv - ' ¦ . but this I could not bear to think of. I was induced to try Lydia E. 11
| ueiooaee^apeadiijf.^ . ,, . Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and after taking the first bottle I 1
U It IS, therefore, Wltn IUU COnSClOUSneSS Of .the SeriOUS- was much improved. It renewed my appetite, health, and strength. I g
i neSS Of the disease and the Steady failure Ofbther medicine continued taking it. also ypur Blood Purifier and Sanative Wash, until I
fel , ... ,, . ..-,. .- - . , , .,¦¦ ,, entirely cured of all my troubles. The pains have never returned, and B
H to cure it, that we present for ovarian and womb trouble my health is splendid. fl
¦ T.Tilk V! ¦PiT»TrhaTn*« V«s t fit,a : hl« fintnTtnTiTarl a«i +h« ' "Your remedies have been a boon to me. and I am sure many a M
| i.y aia , J5. j^mKnanr s v egeta pie tompountt as tne woman owes ner e to them."— maeie webb, 356 Columbus Ave., B
m most certain to help of any medicine in the world. to-day. Boston, Mass. % Sj
1 Any person who could read the letters in Mrs. Pinkham's : . -.' : — B
1 files at her office in Lynn, Mass, would be convinced of \^^&iSSffi&^3gl&2F^X*tf£ 1
S the efi&cienCV of Mrs. Pinkham's Compound. like a crazy person — could not eat* or sleep; there was no rest for me H
H m . , i x 1 j j. . £ i j. i x •t-i day or night. Physicians examined me and said an operation was H
f| The Strongest and most grateful Statements possible necessary. Before undergoing it, however, I determined to try Lydia |J
I to make COme from women Who have escaped the operat- K P mkham ' s Compound. J am so glad I did, for it cured me. lama ]
H • j. i-v v j.i_ « i.i.- j- • t j. well woman now and can do any kind of work. I want this published
i ing table by the USe Of this medicine. ; Let any woman throughout the land, ao that all my suffering sisters may read; and if in 8
S I suffering from these troubles, or anything which may de- I. — — il S^"T7 cted^r fema l e * roubl 5 5 '^y ™ a 7 I]
ffi i • i 'it ' -x j j. -nr t»- i -u i j ¦••¦ t^ "vsa^SSk»v b« indiiced by my sincere statement to try this B
H Velop into them, "WTlte and get Mrs. rinkhams advice.: If wSf^^l^^^ wonderful Vegetable Compound and be cured " If
I you are beyond the reach of the medicine, you will be 7™ R r MAI l G^ R ?r BAMF ?? D ' Centennial »
Hi -, i j ii ••••¦¦¦ i_ a. '£ "•¦•¦¦•.%•-¦ -iii aii > 5 o „ tsf Ave., Crescent Beach, Severe, Mass. n
g frankly told so, but, if not, you will be fully and carefully W 3
I and kindly advised. '¦/':¦¦'¦ • ««J^§ /<^f "DbabMbs. PnraHAM:—I wish to send yon ij
I The most serious of all the diseases of women, as well Wj 3 ¦Wa^S¥yS£^S!^S& 1 SSiii^ I
8 as the minor ills, are promptly Overcome by \ V» health. I waa suffering to such an extent from fl
*H ,\ ¦ . \ *^i Jz- ovair i* n trouble that my physician thought an fl
m or : 'a^n m - •**' N^^-^ia Jk operation would be necessary. Your medicine II
H «*' '¦ . I was cured. Sly system was toned up and I suf- IJ
I $S$$$WB$$&&f£$§t!(£aB .MRS. ANNA ASTON the greatest boon on eartlfto'su fferin™ women!" |j
pf ¦ *,.*™f^ ", • , ' : ¦_ . ¦ -¦' ¦; ¦ -;:..';' ._.¦; ';.-.¦¦ ¦ I -—MBS. ANNIE ASTON, Box 137, Troy, Mo. i!
i %^JS %^JS ¦"'* can show that the above testimoniais are not genuine, oA^^biiAeKJow obtataSc^ 3
H T%^ writers' special permission.— Ltdl E. Pikkham itEDiciSE Co., Lynn, Massl puousaea oeioro ootaining ta» aLablache Face Powder is a positive
benefit, to .the skin. It freshens, clears,"
beautifies. -Restores ; and " ; preserves the
natural | softness of the while the
counterfeit powder will Injure the com
plexion. 1 ' We :ask that every lady using
Lablache Face Powder will examine the
label of the box carefully, and If in doubt
as to the. genuineness of the powder, : send
us. the circular or. the cover. of the box,'to
gether with the name. of the dealer from
whom the powder was ¦ purchased, ?and if
It is; the counterfeit,' she will t be) advised
by/return ; mall, = so that she: can ;demand
that her money be refunded, and whoever
sold;lt.; wlll.be, prosecuted to: the 1 full ex
; tent of ; the law.\;: Fifty cents per box of
all reliable druggists or bymail. ; .
Who steal your money by forcing upon
you a. dangerous counterfeit powder when
you ask for ; the genuine Lablache
Powder. Give your trade to honest and
reliable dealers who will sell. you the gen
uine Lablache Face Powder, the stand
ard toilet powder, which is'In general use
by the best and most distinguished women;
not only in "America."' but also in London,
Paris, Dresden, Hongkong, Shanghai,
Japan and Manila, and. in fact, . every
where. Its virtues have been sounded , by
Sarah Bernhardt; Mme. -Emma Eames,
Mme. ' Emma Calve, Mme. Suzanne
Adams, Mile, Rea, Mile, de Lussan; Miss
Maude Adams, Miss Marguerlta Sylva and
by >cores of ( other t f aznous women ¦' of the
stage and In private life.; The genuine
Joseph Knowlton. who . la accused of
embezzling the funds of the St. j Nicholas
Hotel, has failed once again In his efforts
to escape trial for his ailegred offense.
Judge Graham yesterday . overruled his
demurrer to the Information lodged
against him. Knowlton demurred tb
the information on the ground, that
it did not contain facts sufficient
to constitute :a,. public offense, that
the court had no jurisdiction, and that the
information did not substantially con
form to the requirements of the: Penal
Code. .1-vV-V.i
Knowlton Fails Once More.
Ladies, Be on Your Guard!
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. (Ml Market
fltreet. for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. , • •- • • • '
The quickest and -most convenient way in
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave Ban Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
CLUB PARTIES.
It was a small meeting of the Country
Club held , with Miss Meyers on
Recent arrivals at Camp Curry," Yosem
ite, are: F/ A. Wilder, Oakland; J. N.
Krellng, San Francisco; Mrs. Horace El
mer, Cape May. C. H.; N. J.; Mrs. Al
bert N. Wood, Berkeley; Miss E. B. Ca
sey, San , Francisco; P. S. Taylor, j San
Francisco; E. MacDonald, San Francisco;
C. H. Bush, Los Angeles; William L.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS.
Jaropolk, one of the early rulers of-Rus
cta, bad only about half a lower jaw, the
remainder having been cut off by a saber
stroke during a fight with the Turks.
The area of Yellowstone Park equals
that of Delaware plus that of Rhode Is
land. * ; : :
«o K(% T-nrHem' S"hoi» for Sl.OO
The Bee Hive Shoe Company will sell
to-morrow 1000 pairs of ladles' shoes,
worth 12 50. for Jl a pair at the manufac
turers' sale of shoes, 717 Market street,
near Third.*. •
James R. Dunn, inspector In charge of
the Chinese Bureau* at this port, is ex
pected to return from the East about the
1st nf June. It Is believed, however, ow
ing to his having antagonized Mark A.
Hanna, that he will be relieved from duty
in the bureau here and transferred to
some other less conspicuous position In
customs service in the East.
Chinese Consul General Ho Yow yes
terday submitted to Customs Collector
Stratton several telegrams from, purport
ed merchants In Guaymas announcing
that they are acquainted with several of
the seventy-six in transit coolies in the
detention shed, and that they have em
ployed them and have been expecting
them for some time. Collector Stratton
douDts the good faith of these telegrams,
for during the last nine months, during
which period the coolies had been await
ing- the decision of the courts,' he made
diligent inquiry at Guaymas and other
ports of destination through the resident
United States Consuls and they were un
able to find any one who knew the coolies.
He is disposed to regard the telegrams as
variations of the usual Chinese game of
trickery- In Bpite of the telegrams the
coolies will be shipped back to China as
fast as the steamers sail. ' .
H. O. Irwin, the recently appointed
Poundmaster, has established a pound
in a. vacant building? on the San Bruno
road near Fifteenth avenue. He states
that he shall commence upon the duties
of his new position within a, few days.
New Pound Is Established.
People at Quay mas Want
Detained in Transit
Coolies.
HO YOW FINDS
SOME TELEGRAMS
Auditor Baehr decided yesterday not to
pay any more demands for fees of jurors
in criminal cases, as the fund "for that
purpose is exhausted. Baehr has now in
his possession demands for $3186 90 un
paid, and says that the fund will be over
drawn by $5500 by the end of this fiscal
year. Baehr recently requested the Su
pervisors to pay the demands for actual
services out of the urgent necessity fund
but no action has as yet been taken. *
W. H. Cobb, the Auditor's attorney
rendered an opinion that the right of
Jurors who are summoned and attend
court, but are not impanelled In a case
to claim fees is at least doubtful, because
a man Is not a juror until sworn to try
a case. Furthermore the appropriation
made was for actual service only, and the
Auditor was advised not to audit de
mands of those who have not actually
eerved on*a jury. J
Auditor Baehx Says Fund. Is Ex
hausted and He Will Audit No
More Demands. ' '
KO PAY FOB JURORS
TN CBJJSJNAIj CASES
After May 15 Mrs. Albert Ingalsbe will
be at home the first and second ; Fridays
at= 416 Clayton street, near Page. -
Mrs. Charles Juenrensen will spend the
summer at Mark West Springs, v
Mr and Mrs. John Scott McKee are
spending the summer at .their residence in
Ross Valley, Marln County. . ; - .
Mrs. M. Marcuse has removed from
2226 Washington street tp 2405 Fillmore
street. . ¦ ' . ¦•'.... _ .
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Dana have left for a
trip to the South and New York.
Mrs. A. Badt is visiting her sister, Mrs.
Morris Silver, at 563 Fell street. ' ,
The Misses Carrie, Blanche and 'Bertie
Johnston of Eureka. ¦ Humboldt County,
daughters of the late Mrs. H. Johnston,
left this city Friday for Los Angeles and
Santa Catalina Island. . . u
Mr. and Mrs. Louis M.> Getz will be
pleased to see their relatives and friends
Sunday afternoon, May 11, between 2 and
5, at 1419 Webster street.
Mrs. David Samson and ' Miss Adele
Samson have discontinued their days at
home during the summer months.
Mrs. R.Cohn,' formerly of Suisun. will
be pleased to see her friends at 1213 Web
ster street. .
Mr. and Mrs. Sam'Jacobi have returned
from the south and are at the Montrose
Hotel. ,
Mrs. M. Kanner and Miss Hazel Kanner
have left for a visit of several months
to New : York. _
Miss Mariedna Snell returned last Sun
day from a four years' sojourn with rela
tives on the Atlantic Coast. She will
spend the coming summer In Berkeley a3
the guest of her aunts, the Misses Snell
and Mrs. Edna S. Poulson of Snell Sem
inary. .-.. , .¦¦:-
W.T. Snyder of 68 Ellis street has left
for a three months' tour of the East
He will visit his old home In Kentucky.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Ottinger, with their
niece. Miss Ethel Nichols, have left on
a trip to New York and Chicago. '
The Misses Birdie and Nancy Jacobs
have discontinued their day at home dur
ing the summer months.
PERSONAX.
Arrivals -.at /Klamath Hot Springs for
v-eek ending May 5:-- San Francisco~A;
M.'r Cummings , and wife. ,W.' , C/ f ..eavitt
and ' wife, J. S. * Bush. ¦ W. H. ' Zlnsler. 'Sld
neyf I./A'ckerrnan," •.Harry^Lunv. l<:dgr.»r
Painter : and' wife, .J. J. Chappoll,;AV.r:C.
. Among, those who have • engaged rooms
for the summer at Blue Lakes are:, Mil
ton LJppitt, Miss May Llppitt, Miss Flor
ence Llppltt, Mrs. A. Lippttt, Dr. Albert
J.' Noble, Mrs. Godfrey Fisher.- Miss Car
rie Fisher, Miss Maude : Fisher, Alfred
Ffsher. Mrs-land Miss Feldhelm.-Mrs.. A.
Honlgsberger and family. 1 Mr. and Mrs.
L Prager and family,; Mr.- and \Mrs. Al
bert Waltersteln and 'family, Mr. 1 and Mrs.
Emile;Happersbcrger. and family. Dr.Ra
gen. and : family."- Mr. and Mrs.-- Martin
Stevens; Dr.': Voisard and family,: Adolph
Boas, . Mr. and Mrs. jMax Horwinski and
family. v .':-. : ;-,/-.•- : " :¦¦:'''¦''- " :: -- i • ; •¦¦¦ . .;•.",.
Following are the list . of arrivals for
the week' at the Aetna Springs Hotel:
San Francisco— H. . J. Simmen, C. , E.
Boudrcw. Mrs. C. Muller and son. Geor^
W. ;¦¦ Britton, Thomas H. . B. Varney , ; Lcn
D. ¦•, Owens and wife. Miss Maude Owens,
Margaret Stewart, Edgar Preston Owens,
John W. Hohn Jr.;: Mr. and Mrs. Oscar
Hocks." Thomas J^' Belton. St. Helena—
R.K Richie. W. N; Chord. G. P. Grigsby,
Y.'O. Sutter, W: A. Mackinder. Ruther
ford—T. Henrlhan. • Washogal, Wash.— W.
H.Graham.- . . ' ' ' , '
The following are the recent arrivals at
Bartlett Springs: From San Francisco —
George ¦ F. Whooten, James Hughes'," W.
A. Scoular, J. H. Etter, wife and daugh
ter; H. L. Field, E. M. "Twiggs, Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. Harlan, R. C. Marshall, James
Wadsworth and wife, F. Crowley, Eliza
beth Whooten, E. T. Mullen, G. Maskin;
from- Merced — Mary Atwood; from Upper
Lake— C." Shattuck, C. H. Green; from
Courtland— M. R. Dean; from" Trinity
Center— Mrs. E. A. and Miss Basham, Mr.
and Mrs. . E.' . Peterson; from Chicago-
Walter, Frank; from Concord— Georgo B.
Ward; from Garter— C.;B. Burley; from
Leesville— Fred Johnson ; from Woodland
—John Walfrom and wife; from Honolulu
— Mr. . and Mrs. , F. Porter:, from Los An
geles-«-E. Horn; from Dunnlgan— Mrs. W.
H. West; froni -Marysville— Dr. A. H.
Sluggett; from San Pablo— Mr. John and
Frank Fray; from Benlcla— Adolph Run
nelsburg; from Chlcok— D. ••¦ Brown,
Max A. Wayner; from; Nicolaus— T. J.
Pierce; from Duhsmuir— J. H. Turner;
from Stockton— C. B. Smith ; from Wil
liams—J. E. Rathbun, R. L. Day, W.
Murphy; from Canada — J: Kenny; from
Ukiah—C. Peterson; , from Fresno— A.
Pang; from San Leandro— J. R. Bellen
court; from Snow Mountain— William
Green ;V from Arbuckle—T. H. Watten
bnrger; from v John Days— J. L. Day;
from Lakeport— S. Rlggs;.from Oakland—
S."" Shuttuck • and family ; from Oakland-
Mrs. A. Harn, N. L. Gage, W. P. Ma
grane,: C. Monahan; from Frultvale— Joe
A. Hoefele;. from Highland Springs— Mr.
and Mrs.- Phillips, Mr. and Mrs. R; C.
Fay; from Sacramento— W. S.Eldred;
from Santa Rosa— J. W. Curry; from
Orange— Miss. M. D. Magulre, MissL. H.
Northrope; from Centerville — Mr. and
Mrs. F. Salz, Mrs. E. Chosholm; from
Alameda— George Palmer; from San Jose
—J.-E.. Hale; from Sites— John Taylor; C.
S. Shattuck and family. .. •
Arrivals at Hotel Mateo during past
week are: From San Francisco — Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Jacobs, J. C. Stuart, Mrs. C.
S. Clprico and son, John D. Galloway,
J.'H. Cutter, Miss Alma M. Cutter, Mrs.
S. Lebenbaum,' Miss Olga Lebenbaum,
Mrs. L. Mack, John River and wife, S. D.
Ives and wife, C. G. Mlnine and wife.
Miss Irene Hoge, R. S. Stubbs, S. E-
Wood, Mrs. Fred D. Marsh. S. W. Heller,
Walter Heller, Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Lewis,
Mrs. Tingley Wood and daughter, A. W.
Voorsanger, C. . E. Cotton ; from . Fresno—
V r . Cresmer and wife; from New. York-
Joseph B. Block, William B." . Jones, A.
M. Cpttrell, Miss Cottrell. • ' . :
Thomas, Palo Alto; Paul D. Green, Rush
ville, Ind.; Bert Mullin. Rushville, Ind.;
Fied E. Gallagher,* Manila, P. I.; Leon
Becker, Honolulu, H. I.; Miss May Brown,
Eln-ihurst; Miss Jeanette McKeever, San
Francisco; John W. Bell, Denver. Colo.;
G. A. Lovett, J. McElrath, S.'W. Gardner,
J.. Hays, J.- P. Lombard,. A. Laureston,
M. Fitzpatrick; San Francisco; Miss M.
M. Wayner, Miss Kittle E. Dexter, Mrs.
Carrie Dexter, Coulterville; Oliver LIp
pincott. Miss Mae E. Brown', Los Ange
les: John Pendray, Coulterville; T. M.
Chapman, Harry Blackmerr, Los Ange
les; E. McKain, Merced; Dr. and Mrs.
Ratterman, Cincinnati, O.; Mr. and Mrs.
W. W. Delano,' San Francisco; Mr, and
Mrs. Charles . Kef uss,.. Hudson, Mich.
Following are the arrivals at the Gllroy
Hot Springs for the last week:- From
San Francisco— A. F. Delro, Frank Wil
cox, E. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hew-
The late arrivals at the Riverside Hotel.
Santa Cruz, are: Chicago— Mrs. Charles
Edwards, Miss Edwards, Mrs. Robert
Morrison, Mrs. M. A. Dewry. Helen M.
Bassett; Washington. D. C. F. M. Buck
ingham; Lynn. Mass.— M. L Aspinwall. C.
I Aspinwall, Mrs. M. H. Lincoln; Troy
Center, Wls.— A. D. Andras, B. Andras;
Kfokuk, Iowa— Mr. and Mrs. Frank Le
Bron, Miss Alice Hlnskory; Keyport, N.
J., John Rodgers; Red Bank, N. J., John
A Worthley: Butte ' City, Mont., Mrs.
Cora McDuffy; Palo Alto, Cal., Mrs. M.
E Cullatlon; South Butte, Mont.— Mrs.
C* A. Harnols, Marshall Harnols; San
Francisco— E. C. Peck. W. H. Boueck
and wife, Hugh J. McGlnnes, Mrs. Hugh
J McQinnes, Mary McMahon ; Carthage,
Mo., Herbert H. Beckwlth; Waterloo,
I owa _L. B. Smith and wife, Mrs. S. P.
Bard; Salt Lake City— Mr. and Mrs. H.
J. Hayward. Mrs. E. Thompson, Miss
Norme Thompson, Mrs. J. C. Lynch:
Late arrivals at Harbin Springs are:
Mrs. Anthony, AA Jarro, Grant Elliot,
Captain Ott, Albert Hall and wife, Wil
liam Delaney and wife. J. Joseph Row
land. R. T. Walsh. Charles Rode. Robert
L. Morton and wife. A. Llppmann, Frank
Bradford and wife. W. S. Oler. Joe Rand.
Jack Kreft, Mrs. G. W. Williams, H. B.
Thomas and wife, D. T. Sullivan and
wife, Mrs. E. M. Graney. San Francisco;
Emma Henderson, "Wlnona Taylor. Upper
Lake; Jack Davis, Lower Lake; J. Sven
lngsen, Mrs. L. Wykoff. Miss Eleanor
Hays. Mrs. D. -Williams, Vallejo; J. A.
Stewart and wife, Elsie Stewart, Sacra
mento. . ¦
Brown and wife. C. P. Bailey, C. C. Huff.
Oakland— M. L. Holmes, W. F. Shields,
Alex Martin. Marysville— F. W. Daven
port. Berkeley— M. A. Phelps. ', Klamath
Falls— J. M. Moore, R. A. Sheppard. Jesse
Hunsaker, W. W. Hazen. T. F. Nicholas
and wife. Orepon City— Eliza E. Sawtell.
Salem, Or.— J. M. Sears. Hornbrook—
Floyd Vettel, Ellis W. Roney. San Ra
fael—Thomas H. Nichols. Redding— C.
Mcvins. Ager— Steve Hoyt. Michigan—
"W. W. Gallagher, James Dunpuy.
itt." A. L. Bowhay and son, M. S. Huff, 3.
W. Homes, Mr. and Mrs. Sawyer, F. V.
Milo Julius P. Perry, N. F. Milton. From
GUroy— Charles Demange, J. Jessen, Earl
Demange, S. AI. Cole. B. Kroesen, E.
Lewis. From San Jose— Miss Louise
Carto, H. M. Col, George Young, F. S.
Flammer, Barney Taylor. From Holllster
— H. G. Wright. L. M. Mills. George P.
Hudner. From Canada— Frank Trainer.
From Hyde Rancho— Charles R. Slays
man. A. J. Elrod. From Oakland— A.
•Bruenn, M. J. Smith. From Redwood
City— L. P. Dubarry, F. D. Edaline. From
Baden— Isaac Abrams. From Salinas— J.
B. Scott, J. J. Small. S. O. Graves. J
Arrivals for the last week at White Sul
phur Springs are: H. W. Hathorne. San
Francisco; N. T. Outwaters and wife, St.
Helena; James H. White. San Francisco;
Neva Overhulser. St. Helena: F. W. Tal
lant, San Francisco; Mrs. Mendes, San
Francisco; Fred Reese. Fresno; Clara
Wyatt. Rutherford: Mrs. D. N. Williams.
San Francisco: Mrs. Wyatt. Rutherford;
Dr. C. R- Sabin. St. Helena; Captain A.
Hs»tt Napa; C. E. Churchman and wife.
St Helena; Irwin Wilson. Boston, Mass.;
Mrs Marietta Steffanoni. Oakland; Mrs.
Caroline Revalk, Oakland; Christian Pal
lesen. Oakland; Mrs. M. C. BlgnarnJ.
Oakland; Mrs. J. C. Beretta, Oakland;
Jeanie Sinclair. Wardner. Idaho; Captain
H. Potvin, Napa.
On Saturday evening. May 3, a farewell
surprise party was given to Miss . Ave
Smith at the residence of Miss Myrtle
Buckman, 328 Noe street. The 'evening
was spent in games and dancing-, after
which supper was served at midnight: !
On Thursday, May 8, a very pleasant
surprise party was given Nellie May
Phelps at the residence of her mother,
Mrs. F. Orson Phelps. 2522 Market street,
in celebration of the fifteenth anniversary
of her birth. Covers were laid for twen
ty-four, and after an excellent supper,
the evening was spent in singing:, dancing
and games. Those who were presnt were'
Miss M. M. Gladding, Miss L. Snelf
Miss Louise E. Blake. Miss Eva C. Smith'
M'sa Emma L. Defter, Mrs. C. Buhman'
Miss Mabel Slmmi, Miss Nellie May
Phelps, Mrs. F. Orson Phelps, Mr. F Or
son PhelDS, Dr. W. A. Ellis, Dr. A W
Baker, P. A. MUry, J. A. Keating. J
Gettel. H. Buhman, Albert J. Riley'
George Plevln, J. E. Rebard, F. Wilson
Phelps.
A surprise party was tendered Mr.
Charles Lagomaslno at Hamilton Hall
Sunday evening-, April 27, by his many
friends in honor of. his birthday and the
twentieth anniversary of Mr. and Mrs..
Lagomarsino's wedding. The hall was
decorated for the occasion, and a bounti
ful repast was served, after which music,
dancing and singing was 'enjoyed until
midnight.
Mr. and Mrs. William Scheppler will
entertain a company of friends this even-
Ing to celebrate their twenty-fifth wed
ding anniversary at -Elntracht Hall, 237
Twelfth street. The guests will be most
pleasantly entertained. .
A birthday party was given to Master
Willie Sullivan at the home of his
parents, 1450 Sacramento street, on Satur
day last. ' Among those present were: Miss
Claire Dispaux, Miss Elizabeth Bull, Miss
Margaret Corrlgan, Miss Sallle Fox, Miss
Aileen Hennessy, Miss Annie Coblne, Miss
Helen Leavitt, Miss Margaret Murdock,
Miss Grace Sullivan, Miss Dorothy Swift
and Helen Young 1 ; Masters Osgrood Mur
dock, Thomas. Harris, Andrew Corrigan,
Joseph Kelleher, Joseph Sullivan, John
Dispaux, Robert Fuller, Harry . Long,
Willie Sullivan, Harold Hooper and James
Green.
About seventy of Rev. F. K. Baker's
parishioners gave him a birthday surprise
to celebrate the ' anniversary of his
birthday on Tuesday evening last. Rev.
Dr. F. D. Bovard, editor of California
Christian Advocate, presided. He made
an address during which he presented the
host with a magnificent set of "The Ex
positor's Bible" of twenty-five volumes,
a gift from the people and expressive of
their esteem and good wishes. A most
delightful social evening was- enjoyed by
all and after refreshments were served ail
departed to their homes, having wished
their pastor many happy returns of the
occasion. ' • ¦
Mrs. C. L. Johnson gave a Japanese tea
In her residence, 3751 Twenty-third street,
Friday afternoon. May 2. During the af
ternoon refreshments were served.
Among the guests were: Mrs. B. Hobson,
Mrs. D. Johnson, Mrs. Boge, Mrs. Cap
tain Anderson, Mrs. Lee, Mrs. G. Hanson,
Mrs. K. Dahl, Mrs. V. Johnson, Mrs. H.
Bjorn, Mrs. Captain Rasmussen; Mrs.
Cousins, .Mrs. F. .Thompson, Mrs. M. Jor
genson/ Mrs.' J. LJndtner, Mrs. Captain
Thompson, . Mrs. -Captain- BJprn,-- Mrs.
Weeks, Mrs." C.*- Jbhnsoh.^Mrs. -^ Captain'
Fleegard, . Mrs. Chrlstensen, . Mrs. Beng
¦ son. Miss Helene Andersen,- Miss E. Lyt
gens, Miss L. Bjorn, Miss Alice Meyers
and Miss Lydia Bjorn. ' .
HOME PARTIES.
SAILED AWAY.
Miss Caroline D. C. Ramson sailed for
Honolulu yesterday on the steamer Ala
meda for a vacation of one month.
Mrs. Mary V. Tingley Lawrence and her
daughter, Miss Constance Lawrence, sailed
on the Nippon Maru . Friday for the
Orient.
. The following Calif ornlans sailed on the
Hamburg- American line's new steamship
Moltke.from New York on the 6th inst.:
Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Eyre, .¦ Gustav
Schwarz, P. Hansen and daughter, Mrs.
Pauline Franklin. Miss Sophie Rosenthal,
S. N. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. Charles A.
Carillon, Frank Jensen, *H. F. "Paulsen
John 'Baetze, Frank Riedel.
On the Hamburg-American line express
steamship Columbia May 8; Charles Jen
kins, Mrs. Charles de Flandre, Miss Eliza
beth i de Flandre, ;. Miss E. Hillers L
Schall. . •
iThe list of passengers sailing from San
Francisco on the 'steamship Nippon Maru
follows:
For Yokohama— R. Aral, Mrs. R. Aral
and child, Frank Deardorf, Mrs. Frank
Deardorf, Dr. R. Goto, Miss A.- C. Harts
home, Harry Paul Jones, K. Kurolwa A.
H. freble. M. Shiraishl, S.' Saito and ser
vant,. 3C Tanaka. >¦ - - ¦¦---¦
o For Kobe— Rev. W. S. j Ament./Mrs. W.
S H^»- Holtr'Dr-H^Holt.v * \ ¦
#Wpt Shanghai-P. H. Ashmead, Mrs. P.
H. Ashmead, Montagne Beauchamp, Mrs.
Montagne Beauchamp, Dr. John Fryer
Manila— Rev. A. Arnalot. : S. J.
Bens, E. M. Bachrach, Rev. W. A. Brown,
Mrs. - W. A- Brown Miss Marion Huff,
Rev. Mr. Llopart, C. J. Niebuhr, . C. F.
Preusser.H. A. C. de Rubio. R. H. Wood.
For Hongkong— Nathan Bentz, Mrs. Na
than Bentz, Raymond Crane, Mrs. M. V.
Lawrence. Miss C. V. Lawrence, Theodore
Santos, Gustave Schick, Dr. Fritz Schlck
,/r°m Honolulu— J. ; E. Bell, N. Frei, S.
M. Morris. ;
After the conclusion of the ceremony a
luncheon^was served and at the tables
many happy speeches and good wishes for
the future, as well as the present happi
ness, of the young couple were expressed
in response to sentiments called -.for by
the toastmaster, Mr. George T. Shaw."
Among the many who responded were
Rev. E. F. Densmore, Mr. Rohr, Mr. C.
E. Howard. Mr. H. C. Haake Sr., Mr.
Farnham, an uncle, of the bride, and
others. Late In the evening the happy
couple left amid ¦ showers of rice and
flowers for a trip through the southern
part of the State. .
The engagement of Miss Amy King of
Niles Canyon to John Young, foreman of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, has
been announced. The wedding will be
solemnized the nrst Sunday in June.
Miss Laura M. Conway of San Francis
co and Walter S. Ingalls of Yuma were
married April 10 at the Catholic parson
age In Yuma. Ariz.. Rev. Father Schneid
er officiating. Miss Marguerite Harring
ton was bridesmaid and Charles W. In
galls best man. The. groom Is a son of
Captain F. S. Ingalls and Is superintend
ent of the E. H. Rollins & Son pumping
station. Mr. and Mrs. Ingalls will reside
in Yuma. ¦ . .
Edgar C. Gribble was married last week
to Miss Fanny E. Brown of 522 Hill street.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Edgar J. Lion. The happy couple spent
their honeymoon in Southern California.
The bridegroom is the head electrician of
the Palace Hotel. • '
Miss Charlotte M. Linne and Dr. Ed
ward G. Parker. U. S. N., were quietly
married Friday at San Jose by Rev. Dr.
Mockbridge. The groom is stationed at
Yerba Buena Island. The bride is very
popular In San Jose and has many strong
friends in this city.
At the residence of the parents of the
bride, Mr. and Mrs. William Munns, 27
Cumberland street. Miss Addie E. Munns
became the bride of Mr. Henry Charles
Haake Jr., on Tuesday evening. May 6,
the officiating clergyman being Rev. E.
F. Densmore of the Second Unitarian
Church. . -
THEY'RE MABBIED.
There appeared in the ' columns of this
paper on Sunday last*: the 4th , lnst., an
item telling of a pretty home wedding,
that had taken ':: place on "Wednesday,
May 1, at Alameda, between Ed Lenahan
and Miss Marion Waverl. , It appears that
some one wished to play a practical joke
on Mr. Lenahan, as such a wedding did
not take place, and the weuding was nev
er thought of. . -•¦ - '
Mrs. M. Harris of 822 Turk street an
nounces the engagement of her daughter
Hulda to J. Adolph of Truckee. The wed
ding will take place shortly. .
Mrs. Pauline Dennery announces the
engagement of her daughter. Estelle, : to
Mr. Edwin H. Furth. Reception Sunday,
May US, at her residence, 523 McAllister
street. . - - ¦
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
time • to \ entertain : their
friends during the last week. Within a
few weeks,,: however, the general : quiet
of. the summer season wlllsettle over the
city, while the many resorts .will be peo
pled with seekers after health and plea s
ure. ¦ Recent social events are here given:
mOTWITHSTANDING . t h e
fact t that society j is •, busily
engaged '.'. in ¦. preparing;-, for
the annual outing at '.'¦ the
seashore and in the moun
tains. ; many : \ have g taken
A reception and dance will be tendered
to the graduating class of 1902 by the
Polytechnic High School Alumni Asso
ciation on Thursday evenjng. May 29, at
Golden Gate Hall.
.Last: Sunday Miss Elsie : Moraghan en
tertained a number of her many friends,
taking them on; the 'tug Governor
Markham to the oyster beds in San Mateo
County. The party left the foot of Third
street at 9 a. m. and reached Its destina
tion «.fter, a pleasant two hours' sail. The
guests were Instructed in the mysteries
of oyster raising and were given an op
portunity to sample the bivalves,- after
which they were ushered to a parlor,
where they were served a delicious din
ner. Then followed a social hour, during
whrkJh there were songs, music and appro
priate remarks by Judge Kerrigan, John
Tonnlngsen and George Lelbold. This
was followed by dancing until 3 o'clock
in the aftertioon. Those who made up the
party were: Miss Elsie Moraghan, Charles
and James Moraghan, Judge- Frank H.
Kerrigan, Dr. and Mrs. .E. Halsted, Mr.
and Mrs. John Tonnlngsen, Mr. and Mrs.
George Leibold,.Mr. and Mrs. Charles J.
Havens, Mr. and Mrs. Tltcomb, George
W. . Gray, Thomas Mahony, Dr. F. F.
Knorp, Charles Havens Jr.,.W. H. Kuh
nert, Willie Menn, . Thomas, Cullen, Eu
gene Moraghan, Milton Moraghan, Mar
tin. O'Dea, Walter Love, Misses Eugenia
Moraghan, ¦ Kathryn Kerrigan, Olga ¦• J.-
Herman, Mabel Forbes, Ida May Humph
rey, Mamie Coyle and Bertha Fahren
krug.
The Amity 'Social ..Club gave its first
•May day party last week at the residence
of Miss; Alice McTernan, fourteenth and
N- streets, South ,/• San Francisco. The
tables, were decorated with carnations and
the choicest of roses and cut flowers.. The
guests and members then enjoyed a sup
per, after which an interesting pro
gramme was given, consisting of: Chorus,
Amity Social Club; recitation, Miss Jose
phine Hoare; solo, Miss Rita O'Day; cake
walk, Miss Zelma • Oloffson and Marge
McLaughlln;'duet,' Misses Alice McTer
nan and Alice McCormack; violin solo,
Miss Mamie Parkinson; : fancy dancing
and specialties by iittle Emelda Patter
son. After the entertainment icecream
was served by. the members. '. •'• v j-
May 6, at Irvington, The s inclement
weather , kept , many , ; away, • and ./." a
number . of -the ./-members had : gone
south to enjoy the biennial.. Most of the
members on the day's programme were
absent. Mrs. Gregory gave current events
and Mrs. Clark' a paper, on ancient agri
culture; Miss Emma J arvls sang a solo.
It was decided to hold-, an adjourned
meeting next Tuesday, May 13, with Mrs.
Tilden lnNiles to hear reports from the
delegates ; attending, the biennial in Los
Angeles." On the first Tuesday in' June
the> Country Club -will meet with. Mrs.
Montross in Irvington. > ; - .
m^&£Mm^MM^M^Bi0^MSMMM-
Society Events
33
RPN 1 BVV i^ fi(\ FRBNCH PERFUMERS
lIL/ll L/L/ : Tv / l Wl V" § >25 Kingston St.
BOSTON, MASS.
Brah man Toilet- Cream
CURES ECZEMA, POISON OAK AND DAN-
DRUFF. .. , Sold by J. S.. .Potts . Drug Co., ¦ 1016
Market street, and other druggists; also at of-
fice of Dr. A,, W/. Traverse, 1170 Market street.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. " and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market «treet. cor. -Taylor, rooms
2b-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar: permanency cuaianteed: hour* 1 to 4 p. m.
When the case of Rev. James H. Kelley
of the Third Colored Baptist Church,
charged with betrayal under promise of
marriage by Miss Hattie Bynum. was
called In Judge Cahaniss 1 court yesterday-
morning Attorney Caldwell announced
that the case for the prosecution was
closed. Attorney Copland made a motion
to dismiss and had not concluded his ar-
gument -when the Judge continued the
case till to-morrow afternoon. *
Miss Bynum's Case Submitted.
! >1^* '"" : - - <\ C CL °4/r :^^|?' •
! GIBSON SUITS $22,50. S
! Silk- lined Jacket, full flounce skirt, stylishly •
| f trimmej; others in exclusive novelties at %
j .:..;....;.... .427.50, $37.50, $50.00, $60.00 •
? 60-inch MOIRE GOATS (like cut) SI2, 50. J
? This" coat is lined throughout and well tailored, g
| regular $2D;00 value. o
| ETAMINE TAILOR SUITS $18.50. •
I The kin 1 you have been looking for, in G}!den Brown, •
I : - - B!ue : and -B 3ck.-- : o
I NOVELTY SILK ETONS at cut prices. * J
\ An cx-ensive. assortment of Eton and B ouse Jackets in •
\ Moire, P^-au de Soic, Taff?ta nnd Cloth, both Dlain and J
I J.Trimm.J. at $5,00, $6.00, $8.50, $10.00, $12.50, $15.00. ©
j $15.00 TAN ETON, •
\ ' Sii.orcollar, with' lace applique, special $10.03, •
t/NE-V EFFECTS; IN, SILK DRESS SKIRTS. 5
I A good silk taffeM skirt. nicViv trimmeJ. at $7,50. %
I beme rich lace effects at $20.00, $25.00, $30.03, $3500. ©
{••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••A*
'. > v ; NEWMAN & LEVINSOU. , _•-•_
Best Underwear Values Ever Offered
' : Our own direct importations of; Ladies' Knitted Summer Underwear^ have all arrived and are
now on display— Decidedly the most magnificent assortment of new, seasonable underwear we
have ever shown — A gathering from the finest mills in the world, comprising ail styles in
LADIES' RIBBED VESTS . LADIES' RIBBED UNION SUITS
LADIES' EQUESTRIENNE TIGHTS LADIES' RIBBED CORSET COVERS
In Cotton, Lisle Thread, Silk, Merino, Wool and Silk and Wool mixed— -all high grade garments. —
Those named below are but a few of the many splendid values now being offered.
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Sllkolinc VESTS; low QCy, Ladies' fine ribbed cotton UNION SUITS; 7^
neck and no sleeves; all colors. ". Zv/L short or long sleeves; ankle or knee length / OC
" Ladies' Swiss ribbed Vega Silk VESTS; low CA r Ladies' ribbed lisle thread UNION SUITS; £ 1 OCT
neck and no sleeves; all colors .....i. .. .1. UkJk* with low or high n«ck, In white Cp \.jLO
Ladies' Swiss ribbed silk and lisle VESTS; *7Kr Ladies' silk and cotton ribbed UNION SUITS; iff* "l 'TCT
low neck and no sleeves; white only. ..,.. / »JC in white; long sleeves, ankle length CJ)1./CJ
Ladies' Swiss ribbed Silk and Lisle VESTS; CJ>1 Q^ Ladies' fine ribbed Silk and Wool UNION <£O HTET
high neck and long sleeves; white only ....... vj)l. Z,J SUITS; long sleeves, ankle length tyZ./D
Ladies' ribbed cotton Equestrienne TIGHTS; ' CA^ Ladies' Swiss ribbed cotton CORSET CTA~
knee or ankle length, in cream white *J\JK^ COVERS; high neck and long sleeves, in white JUL
Attractive Items From Several Departments
A Handkerchief Clean-up Shirt Waist Suits
Hundreds of sheer white handkerchiefs for Ladies' Shirt Waist Suits made of tan and ox-
ladies' use, some scalloped embroidered, some blood Chambray, tucked waist, tailored cuffs and
with pretty^ lace edges— a. great many are in collar— graduated flounce skirts, trimmed with
perfect condition, a few slightly mussed from one inch stitched straps of sameqv Cf\
window display, regular 25c and 35c values, li^ material, edged with white; special at.. CpO.CXJ
on sale, commencing Monday, at.............. HJU. '¦
Ladies' Bathing Suits „ Good Bed Pillows
. o ,w ¦ c -. • Best q uall *y Bed Pillows; made of good
Ladies' fine quality Alpaca Bathing Suits in feathers, with no quills, no dust and guaranteed
black or blue, with skirt, collar and belt neatly oderless; size 21x27; "weight 3^ lbs; <£] f\f\
trimmed with. white braid— one of this <£o AA covered with figured art ticking; each... <Pl-w
season's best values at yp*J.\J\J
Silk Grenadine Special Ladies' -Suede Gloves
Received direct from the manufacturer— We don't know of a better undressed Kid Glove
Handsome Black Silk Grenadine in entirely new for the mone y than Our new " Sterling "—comes
effects— Some plain, some with prettiest (M AA >" black and grays, with two clasps- aa
of stripes ; worth #1.25 yd; special at... l f 1 -yy. areconsidered just now correct style;pair g>UUU
Chain Bags Reduced Stylish Neck Ruffs
We have reduced in prices our entire line of Just received a new shipment of those attractive
of metal Chatelaine Bags— choicest styles in : fluffy articles of neckwear which so set off any
gilt, silver and gun metalfinish, now on sale;" costume; newest shapes with flowing ends in
actualcost not: considered, were $2.75, $5, $6.5O : black or white Liberty Silk, price each,
Now $1.65, $2.50, and $3.25 _" $2.75, 3.75, $5.50, $7.50
Summer Wash Goods Sale of Ribbons
We offer to-morrow — Fine quality Mercerized ; 15,000 yards of new all silk Chiffon Taffeta
Chambrays, bright silk finish, fast colors, in all Ribbons are in this $ale — all colors, 4 inches
the. most desirable colorings, 29 inchesQA-r wide— The soft and silky kind so much in iy
wide, exceptional value, per yard ........... style now — Special price, per yard 1/L
>_ r^'ii Mailorders receive prompt attention— Write to us for any information
I II 1 t-Ot- I O\A/n r O I KS vou wish— We will answer cheerfully.
yULUl 1UWU i yirvo our new iHustrated Bathing Suit Catalogue mailed free for the asking.
1 %tarny and Suffer Sts.j — —
Prevented by Shampoos of CUTICURA SOAP
and light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This .treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.
MILLIONS USE CUTICURA SOAP
Assisted by Cctictjra. Ocjthext. lor preserring, purifying, and beaatify-
: ing the skin, lor cleansing the scalp ol crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing red, rongn,
and sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and chafiojjs, and- for all the par-
poses of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Millions of Women use Cuticuba
Soap in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflammations, and
excoriations, for too free or offensire perspiration, in the form of washes for
ulcerative weaknesses, and for many antiseptic purposes which readily sug-
gest themselves to women and mothers. Cdticuba Soap combines delicate
emollient properties derived from Ccticuea, the great skin cure, with the
purest of cleansing ingredients, and the mo3t refreshing of flower odours.
No other medicated soap is to be compared with it for preservine,"purifyinz,
and beautifying the. skin, scalp, hair, and hands. Xo other foreign or
domestic toilet soap, however- expensive, is to be compared with it for all the
purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. Thus it combines, in One Soap at
Oxe Price, the best skin and complexion soap, and the best toilet and
baby soap in the world. *
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour,
i JJ«« »• Consisting otCvncu*x6ojLrC2&c), to clemnae the skin of crtwt*
ffT51TI/PIinr t <3! anf l6C&les, and soften the thickened cuticle; Cuticcka Ointmbnt
xK5i£\ji.Sl<S <. vic -^ u> Instantly a!!«r itching, Inflammation, and irritation, »nd
*• Boothe and heal; and Cuticura Resolvent Pills (25c.) to cool
The Set SI and cleanse the blood; A Simgle Sit 1b often sufficient to cure
; * , r^ tot most torturing, dlaflgnring, Itchlny, buralne, and scaly skin.
6calp, and blood humours, raeheo, itchings, and Irritations, with loss of hair, when all else
fails. Sold throughout the world. British Depot: 27-28, Charterhouse 8q M London. French
Depot: 5 Rue de la Palx, Paris. Pomea Dedo axd Cuem. Oosr., Sole Props., Boston.
CcncuBX KrsoLTTirT Pzxxa (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteleas, odourkaaa, acoaomteml
ecbodtute for the celebrated llqaid Cmccit Khmjltijtt, as woll aa for all other blood partners
and tumour cures. Put up In eerew-eap pocket rUh, containing 00 <kwea, price, 25c - Con.
era* Pnxs are alterative, antiseptic, tonic, and dlgestfTe, and beyond question U» purest, sweet-
est, most sneeestfal asd ecoaomlcal btood and slia purifiers, hum»ttr eaiee. and tosle-diie«tt?M
jet composaded. . . , .
Makei Skins Lighter. Clearer. Purer
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
The clear, firm complexion of youth
'« coaxed back" by Anita Cream.
Applied at nieht and, removed in
tne morniTig. thus Imparting the full
benefits of its medicinal nature. Re-
moves Tan. Freckles. Muddlness.
Pimples, Moth and Liver Spots.
Directions with each Jar. 50c of
druggists or of us, prepaid.
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
.. Los Anprcles' Cal.Conductor Bun Over by Team.
- Michael Burke, a conductor on the Va
lencia-street car line, had a day off yes
terday and went out to the park. He
was watching a runaway that the police
were trying to stop, when a team being
driven in "the opposite direction knocked
him down, breaking' his seventh rib and
bruising him badly. He was taken to the
Central- Emergency Hospital.
, Victor O'Brien, president, 315 Seventh street:
Sidney Pelxotto, head • worker Columbia Park
Boys' Club,, secretary: William Greer Harrison,
president Olympic Club, treasurer: ' Cecil W.
Mark, Dr. Frederick Burk; Mrs. George
Law Smith, Charles Keeler, Charles U. Syn
der, William H. Hutton, Charles Merz, Adolf
Koahland and James Rodgers, directors.
The annual membership fee has been
fixed at Jo for each member, which will
entitle such member to vote at all meet
ings of the" members and receive copies
of bulletins, reports, notices of .entertain
ments and other publications that may
be issued by the society. . ,
The officers.,and members of the board
of directors are as follows:
The society at present is in its infancy,
and for the first year will proceed quietly
along a given path, with a definite pro
gramme in the one or more selected
school districts.
It is also hoped to found in the district
in which the Columbia Park Boys' Club
and the new playground are located a
psychological laboratory and the nucleus
of a scientific library.
The society, proposes to co-operate with
the Columbia Park Boys' Club, which has
done In the past so much for the young
men of this city, In strengthening and
expanding its work and establishing new
clubs in other -localities under one man
agement.
Among the improvements contem
plated will be the establishment of a
night training school for extension work
and the organization of a society or fra
ternity tor the education, training and
expanding of the social life of boys" club
graduates and other older working boys
and young men, so that those who have
in their turn a desire to take up the in
telligent leadership of boys may be prop
erly trained and equipped; the establisn
ment of kindergartens in connection with
the Fchools under competent instructors;
out-of-door vacation schools, with coun
try excursion and nature study; school
auditoriums for the use of the pupils and
the public; free lectures, such as those
conducted in New York, and the opening
of the schools after school hours as . a
neighborhood guild center; for free con
certs and other entertainments.
The object of • the society is to give
force and direction in this city to an in
ternational school extension movement.
The purposes of the society are | not
new, as the school extension movement
has already- been started in this city,
although under another name, and has
done excellent work In the opening of the
new children's playground at Seventh and
Harrison streets and the work now being
conducted by the head worker and the
physical director of the .Columbia Park
Boys' Club at the Franklin Grammar
School. . /
A, few San Franciscans have recently
got together and started a society, to be
known as the School Extension Society
of San Francisco. - "•'"U./-:- i&C^r'."?:c-'
Many Improvements Contem
plated by Officers of the
;( v- U Directory.
School -Extension Move
ment Receives ,Great
"'.Momentum.:'../
MEN TAKE HOLD
OF NEW SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STOBAY^ MAY/ 1J; 11)02.
34
ACUA CALIENTE
Also known as California Hot Spring*. 60-
ucxna Valley. No statins: via C. N. Ry. or 8.
P. R. R- Immense swimming aurface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements: 112
and *U. THEO. RICHARDS. Proirieto^
Arua Callente. Cal.
¦""¦"¦"¦¦—— THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Hoitfs
HCMIA School will be open to summer
iunI\L.U guests during June and July.
r»»r>tr Superior climate,- excellent
"AI4R. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
dress ¦ ¦ IRA G. HOITT. -
HOWELL ML, WOODWORMS
Residence of 27 years; second year of cum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena, Cal.
ORCHARD SPRINGS SSWSSS
In th« Foo^Jth of th« 6!«rr» Vnxit, Mountain., near Colf.i, on
C P. E. R.. IS6 rail*, from San Fraud**. «o .tigta? Plain
2,«SVf tr "7 t; Vi**\ i S e " r7i W * M !/ mo "» ui » »ir.frnita«.4 climate
In CaHfor»ia. Ideal fore«t. rrminiji as4 rarmsniUnn. 48 a week
txrad f.r booklet. ORCHARD SFR1X3S, CoUki, C»L
Beating, Bathing. Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet O. WEISMAN. Midlake
P. O.. Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
TT. R. R. Co.. (J50 Market st.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
s» f * * .-.¦¦-•¦-.-
Supplies of all kinds for the
young people. Children have an open air
gymnasium and donkeys.
OPENING BALL AND BANQUET,
'May 16. 1902.
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager.
J The leaside reiort of Central California— I
I enlarged and improved— rates per day *z and I
i upwards— open May Jist — fine orcheitra. I •
I Addreufor hotel, R. M. Briare. For cottijres, 8
| F. Reanier, Capitola, Cal. For general infer- I
I mation. Peck's Information Bureau, n Mont- E
§• gomery Street, San FraacUco, CaL |
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburcn ferry. 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE. S07 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371. 11 Montgomery St., or A. V.
MORSE, Lrtton, Sonoma County, Cal.
/ETNA SPRINGS
Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-
ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
etc. One and cne-half miles south of Healds-
burg- First floor, one person in room, $9 per
week; two in a room, $16 per week. Second
floor, one person In room, $8 per week; two in
a room. ?H per week. Will also furnish tents
to those desiring. Single person in tent, $0
per week; two in a tent, $10 per week. Buy
tickets to Grant Station. Address MRS. A. F.
GRANT. Healdsbur?, --Sonoma County, Cal.
GRANT'S.
ftyron ffot Springs
•^ CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.— New
hotel open May 1. All modern improve-
ments and most perfect appointments. Fine
suites with mineral bath attached. These
wonderful waters and hot mineral and mud
baths cure Rheumatism and Malaria with-
out fail. Address MGR. LEWIS. Byron
Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard & Co.,
86 Geary st., city. *
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK. FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2*4 hours firet afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Ger."l Agent. 630 Market^st.. opposite Palace
Hotel, S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
CAMP CURRY I
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown by its 1400 guests
the past three seasons, raore than one-half of
which were in 1901; 1000 guests are expected
is 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
rOSEM/TE.
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
beet natural hot mineral water bath in State:
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
ms.ll, express and San Francisco morning and
evening paper*; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: bcth morning and alter-
roon stages; round trip from San Francisco
enly $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7 :30 a. m.
cr 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates J2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery Et.; also at Traveler
-office. 20 Montgomery it, or of J. F. MUL-
GREW. SkaggE, CaL
Olf A /»/*O HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
SK MilliS MA COUNTY; only 4%
U/V/1 V/WW hours from San Fran-
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
Gilroy Hot Springs, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism, Kidney. Liver
aad Stomach Troubles stands unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs. Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds. Trains leave Third
and Towneend streets 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
daily. For pamphlets and rates address
HOT SPRINGS
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O. Bartlett . Springs.
Or, No. 2 Sutter Street, San FTancisco.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling:, Cro-
quet, BUUards, Shuffle-Board. Plngr Pong,
Livery. Burros; Swimming Tank, 20x80;
Hot Water, Vapor. Tub, Mineral and
Roman Baths; competent 'Massagists;
Guides, Dogs and Horses for Hunting and
Fishing: Shady Drives and Walks.
AMUSEMENTS.
Here is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
RATF^ Hctel $"> i° SIS per week. House-
AAILJ. keeping Cottages $3 to $15 per week.
Send for illustrated booklet. Two routes':
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island or
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most unenomenal
fishine and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights: Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing'. Music. Dancinf. etc '¦ For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY. 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau. 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal.
Z% Hours from Los Angeles.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
WISDOM CONSISTS in doing the right
thing at the right time.
WE ABE ALL WISE— afterward—
when it is too late.
THE TIME to take care of your health
is when you have it.
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get Into a
rut or groove, either physically or men-
tally.
BREAK the monotony that makes so
many men and women old long before
their time. .. . . ¦
TAKE an occasional trip. -
THE COUNTRY "along the California
Northwestern Railway is not the only
place to visit, but it certainly is the
best
ITS LOCATION between the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious ell -
. mate which invites living in the open
air, and fills up the system with re-"
sewed energy.
CALL or write for
"VACATION, S902."
A little book Issued by the California
Northwestern Railway Company,
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations, Hotels, Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at from $6.00 to
$8.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., (Chronicle
Building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California St3.,
San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass. Agt.
PASO RUES H
CAn Nature's own selec-
rl I Iff tlon for a health and
* WAX ¦ pleasure resort be-
vvv -. . v ¦>..- cause of the curative
f-f iR A I- ¦ H properties of its mud
J>JU_iJr!)kJLi X ** i and sulphur baths for
. ___ rheumatism, lnsom-
A MT\ da. gout, neuralgia,
jfikllU liver.kldney and blood
diseases. Has every
¥\T T3 A CTT1M7 natural advantage for
OTTOE. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., AgL
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appolntel hotel in -Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating : fine scenery; pure spring water:
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery st, or write R. C. Oal-
houn. Proprietor.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa. Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on tbe coast; temperature 148
deg. Cures rheumatism, - dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging
including baths, $10 a week. WM. OELGEART,
Proprietor.
r-.I: • TOCALOMA M *« IN
Bertrand Hotel; first-class .accomodatlons;
reasonable rates for families and parties
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,-
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mrs.
' Leach), Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous ."Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fiebing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. , Address
C. F. CARR. Manager. Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, including baths, $8
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK, St
Helena, Cal. .
TROUT FISHING.
Beet !n State at BOCA. . C,AX.
/ For Information address Boca Hotel, " Boca,
Nev. Co., Cal., on TRUCKEE BIVEB.
. Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) 7 a.m. Ar. Tahoe City 8 a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe. Tavern -
Lv.TahoeCJty(Steamer)9a,m. ArTahoeClty5pm.
Supper et Tahoe Tavern
LvTahoeClty(R?H)0:30p.m. Ar. Truckee7 :20p.m.
1 BRCCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
.OPEN JUNE l.V
• To avoid, disagreeable waiting - for narrow
gauge and steamer, take .... .
THE BROCKWAY TALLY-HO ' ~"
Over our short cut. It meets the , morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
THE TALL AC,
LAKE TAHOE OPENS MAY 15th. .
With many additional attractions, . among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT
PAVILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO-
¦ '> Tallac,VCal. /
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
LAKE TAHOE.
Lakeside Park. Now open. Hotel; cottages
and tents. Delightful camping , grounds near
steamer landing: furnirhed tents to rent. For
descriptive . circulars and terms address E B'
Smith & Co.. Etatellne P. O., El Dorado Co., Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on tho . lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire: $2 per
day. or $10. $12, $14 per, week. Postof flee, tel
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake ; Tahoe, ¦ Cal."
I AKE TAHOE DEER PARK; INN,, AND
*-» COTTAGES, 6 miles from lake, opens , June
1. Typical vacation' resting place; 6507 ft. ele-
. vation ; ; mineral springs, hunting, • fishing, rid-
ing; 0 p. m. train S. F." connects at Truckee.
Send for booklet. J. B. SCOTT, Deer Park/ Cal.
w-j OR HEALTH AJS'D PLEASURE GO TO
r Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Bur-
ros for Children. Two trains daily. 7:30 a. m.
aad 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANX & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel" .$10 per week
Two perrons In room, "small hotel".flS per week
On* Derson in room, "cottages"... f 11 per week
Two persons la room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
$12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL"...
$20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring; to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau. 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery st., or write direct to
CRAIG. & WARNER. Highland Springs, Lake
Co.. Cal.
The famous health and. pleasure reaort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving: Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley. •
ALWAYS OPEN.
...NAPA...
SODA SPRINGS
HIGEil SPRINGS
Napa County,
CaL
I CONTINUATION j
1 OF •
! CUT-RATE PRICES}
j— -..-;.": 1— j
$ ' ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ •
s — — . s
S To-morrow and following days this week additional lines otour jew- g
S est and most fashionable Garments will be placed on sale at LIK KAlfc Q
9 PRICES. '-a..- S
J $20 and $22.50 Tailor Suits-Cut Rate, $15. o
• Navy Blue, Oxford and Brown Tailor Suits, with Peplum. Satin •
• Reveres, new flounce skirt: also latest styles Pedestrian Suits in shades »
J of tan, gray and blue, perfect fitting, our standard tailoring, by far the
S best garments shown this season. - ©
© $37.50 and $40 High Novelty Suits at $27.50. •
% Fancy trimmed Black and Blue Venetian Surts of extra good quality; o
i % also.' Black, Brown, Navy, Basket Etamine effect Tailor Suits, superior O
• workmanship, all with, fine Silk Drop Skirt. ©
• 20 Model TAILOR SUITS, specimens of the highest order of ar- q
2 tistic tailoring, at $35.00. f 40.00 and #45.00. o
I $12.50 and $13.50 Novelty Jackets— Cut Rate, $10 |
i S Tan and Castor shades of fine Kersey, silk-lined, new Bishop Sleeves 9
i c or Qiffs. some with double capes, others with White Silk Moire Collars •
i O and Reveres, with or without peplum, newest cut. •
|J $10 Jacket-Cut Rate, $7.50. %
i 9 Fine Black Venetian Jacket, with Black Silk Moire Collar and Reveres, •
'• heavy satin-lined throughout. >\. q
3 Fancy Trimmed Moire Etons— Cut Rate, ©
I $6, $8.50 and $10. %
I - — ¦¦ "" %
9 Long Coats of Peau de Soie, Taffeta and Moire at CUT ©
• RATE PRICES. %
I I — — — \
| 1230-32-34 MARKET STREET. |
••••••••••©•••©••©©©©•©©©•©•©•©•©•••••••••••©
These Mineral Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the weii-
kaiown Bartlett Spring. Lake Co., CaL Hotel
MR^HOPPm. 1 * wln nia by *• ow ™ r '
WOPP//V STRINGS.
Howell Mountain: altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry: delightful family resort; daily
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hail; splen-
did camping grounds; .$8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETECHE. Angwln, CaL
WHITE COTTAGES.
SEIGLER SPRINGS JK-JSTtS:
and mineral wat-
ers unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stom-
ach diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing; $S
to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or Seigler
Springs. Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
la the heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains, yet near
enough to the ocean for a dailjr salt water »wim. Red-
wood* and tea breeze*— a wonderful combination.
Souvenir booklet free. Peck's Information Bureau, 1 1
Moctg. St. or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, C*l.
ROWARDENKAN
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Brtter than ever this year. Booklet and full
information «t Peck's. 11 Montgomery st.. or
R. R office 650 Market, or John Martens.
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
. Near tbe ocean. Fishing in only mountain
trout stream in Ean Mateo Co. Long distance
phone; $2 per day. C 1 . P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
PurlEsima, San Mateo Co., Cal. .
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts. :
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed: best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager. ?. • .
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River
Rates, $2 and $2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
weik. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick. Siskiyou
County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
JOHANNISBERG-
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
llargre dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting'
fishing swimming aad boating; terms reason!
•vble. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR., Prop. . Oakvtlle. Napa County, or The
Travelers' Bureau. 20 Montgomery st.
FOREST HOTEL,
A1MA.
Eanta Crus Mountains. Good trout . fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Prop, i
• Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
water6 in the State ; fine hotel " and first-class
table: rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co.; Cal.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
f AMP TAYF (Iff HOTEL, camp cottages
VAJUr lAILim and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowline alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery -street. H. G. MARTIN,- Proprietor.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
trout flfMnp Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. L J. SEARS. La Honda,
fan Mateo County. Cal.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
HOTEL Et MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
¦ Under oew management. Now open for
business. Rates. (8 to $15 per week.
i Eonoma County.) New management: rcoms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
»•<»•, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing >ear
round; white help only; best llvenr; conking
cpecially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
THE CEYSERS
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. , First-class hotel: large grounds.
Lawn tennis) croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite depot. Mai pas & 'Cosgrove.
Most beautiful resort house In Napa Valley;
2 miles from Calietoga; free carriage; hot and
cold . baths; sac. : S. F. references. Bead for
pamphlet. <J. W. CUTLER. Callstogs.
" BROOKSIDE."
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES.
Ean Mateo, Cal.. is now under new manage*
ment. Everything first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards,
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
teg, etc. Rates on application. WRENN &
CPAULDING. Proprietors.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home, Sonoma.' Will meet guests
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives-
*wimming; fruits; $3 per week. HENRY PEL-
LIESIER. Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
Powell St., near Market.
t^g?n^ ks ' TO^/nOR RO W
TWO MATINEES EACH WEEK.
WEDNESDAYS and SATURDAYS
CHARLES j-ROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW
• And His Company,
In HIS GREATEST ' SUCCESS,
THE SECOND lN COMMAND
By Robert Marshall.
- Author of "A Royal Family," etc.
pnifCC Evenings. ?2. $1 50, $1, 75c. 50c. 25<?.
IK IWCJ Matlnc-es. (I 50. $1, 75c. 50c, 25c .
t ... . '¦ v -
. L.\ST MATINEE j AND NIGHT OF
THE LEATHER PATCH.
Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY) -
\EVENING, ¦-,- . ¦_
America's Greatest Author- Actor,
EDWARD HARJRIGAN
In Mr. Harrisan's Clever Comedy,'
"Reilly and the 400.'"
One of the Funniest Plays Ever-Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 1 0c. loc. 25c.. 50e. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
¦i..TO-N!GH'l' a MATINEE
V* * -¦ vy .¦¦ ill .*J |l ». * 9 SATURDAY ••
. MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Company— Presenting Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama,
ARISTOCRACY
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY' THURSDAY
25c AND 50c,
SOUVENIR MATINEE SATURDAY
¦. 25c, It5c, • 30c, 75c. ' . '
Next — Sunday, May 17,
THE NEILL COMPANY will present Augustin
Daly's Great Comedy,
S-] The Lottery o? Love
SEATS! THURSDAY.
FISCHER'S THEATE,
O'Farrell, - bet. Stockton ' and ; Powell sts. .
Telephone Main 231.
We ~~ So
Simply < Great
", ; Can't : Is the
Stop. Demand fop,
"r^IDDLti nEE DEfc"
That We Are Compelled to Continue for an
- ; Indefinite Period., - -
* SIXTH WEEK begins to-morrow (Monday)
night, with new features again, and the same
great Kolb, ¦ Dill, 1 Bernard. Blake, Hermsen
Amber, Coleman, Kellar, Hope, Emerson, and
, our charming chorus of 40. .'Matinees Sat. and
Sun. . Matinee seats 25 cents. * Night , prices
25c > and 50c. • A $2 : show at . ridiculous ; prices.
P*||*ipp Desirable location.
unsurpassed cuisine,
. I j" u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
/Illfl vice and modern.
. ****** * i:- conveniences ; are the
v^t * attributes • that have
jirnnn made these two -ho-
Ml UllU * tels : popular., with/
¦ '..¦'wm )¦¦.-. '2 \ '¦-.'- tourists • and • travel-.
11 AT p I C . ; ers who visit '¦ San
11UIC15; Francisco.;. .->
PiflflTS
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A PoBitive Cure for Stomach, Liver and Kid-
ney Triubles. Not what I 6ay, but what the
people 'say.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADING PHY
S1CIANSOF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS.
Elevation, 3300 feet.
Rates, $10, $12 and $14 per week. :
Tickets at S. P. otflce, foot of Market street,
direct to the Springs. ¦
DR. W. R. PRATHER, Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street
S. F. Agents for Adams . Springs water. _ ' •
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Recom-,
mended by leading physicians. Thousands
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from
Ukiah. Call or address
WITTER P. O., Lake Co., Cal.
Main office and water depot, 916 Market
street, room 64, city. °
R. McCORMICK, Manager.
MOUNTAIN HOME. \
At foot of Loma Prieta. highest point in Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
iny and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday. Wed. ami
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. daily. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET, Llagas. Cal., Prop.
VFCHY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Ukiah.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow at
natural warm water direct from springs to
tube. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
RICHABDSON'S SPRINGS — Ten
miles from Chico, Cal. Noted for being a
sure cure for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and -kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON, Prop., Chico. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable in Lake
Co.; contain sulphur, iron, mapnesla and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism,' ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling: alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-triD tickets. S. P. office.
$8. J A. HAYS, Prop.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America; largest dining-
room in county; new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan, new Hvery,
croquet, tennis, bowling; free teams daily to
our mineral springs. IB kinds. E. DURNAN,
Laurel Dell, Lake .Co.. Cal. .- ¦ .
PLANTATION HOUSE, 18 miles from Caza-
dero. — Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and
milk. Daily man. stage from Cazadero. Through
fare. R. R. and stage, $3 50. For particulars
apply J. Luttrlnger, Bea View, Sonoma Co., Cal.
AMONG THE PINES— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful" climate. Plenty of cream,
fruit, etc. Home cooking. Camping grounds.
Telephone. Rates ?6 and $7 per week. Address
Robt. F.-Warham. Applegate, Placer Co., Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Eanta Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 50. M. S.
COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery, st.
— — — — —
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located In the Santa
Crus Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal. :
OCEAN VILLA. HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
Santa Cruz. Good fishing, boating, bath-
ing, dancing; electric lights: extensive grounds;
free bus. Rates $7 to $10. CLARK & ELSOM-
HE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting in the State.
$7 to $3 pec week. Jerry Llerly, Potter Valley.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Boncifonte drive. 6 miles from Santa Crua:
daily- mail, flshine, home cooking. Addresa
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.'
ANN AD A IE FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
• J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postotflce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
S One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
\ variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
x sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El Vera.no. Sonoma
County, CaL Terms. . $1.00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou, Pro?.
RIVERSIDK HOTEL and cottaces; 75 rms.;
Santa Cruz. Cftl. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free bus. Long d!st. nhone. Fred Bareon. Prop
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from . Caseadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a .week; tarailT
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernevlHa.
Cal. — New management: thoroughly ra-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle. Cal.
BERGHEIM— Two pilles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, • home conking, $8 per week.
. - P. DISQUE, Los Gatos. Cftl;
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
. Call. 10 page3, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year . for $1.
¦ ¦¦ postagf paid. ¦ . • • • • , .'
STAGE LINES AND LIVERIES:
L. AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
. STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett
'" Springs. ' , via Lakeport, carryincr passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs, n. Stages
connect with trains at Hopland. . Leave Hop-
land at 12:30: arrive at Lakeport at ."1:30; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse
14-passenger tourist ¦ wagons, made to order for
this stage. line, 'with all .the most modern Im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-,
lett- Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage - Line. '
. MILLER & HOWARD,' Proprietors. .
LA HGNDA and PESCADERO— Through th }
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. WurrX
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train, -3d
and Townsend sts. ; 9:20 a. = m. from San Jos*
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City.- Cal.
PESCADERO— San Mateo .and : Pescadero
stage line, , via; Half moon 1 Bay and San
Gregorio, dally all year; twice a day to Half -
moon Bay. Lvs. Pan Mateo 10 a.m. & 4:15 p. m..
FASHION STABLES, UKIAH AND WIL-
llts — Tourists/* campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith,; Ukiah. Smith & Taylor,. Willlts. for
any kind . of a turnout. ¦-¦..'. ¦ ¦ - ¦
DMBBRT STAGES— Short route to the
Geysers; 3 hours' staging. . First-class livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. CToverdale.
GILROY Fashion Livery: *ood service; reas.:
rates.: Of c. Gilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.V
LOS GATOS— Lyndon Stablea. opposite depot.
First-class rlca. . Reagonable prices, y, , i -,v ¦
SANTA 'CRUZ-^-San Lorenzo Stables. Styl-
ish = rig». • Reasonable prices.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
"BO YOU FOLLOW ME ?"
To the HOME OF AMERICA'S REPRESENT'
ATIVE COMIC OPERA CO. TO SEE
TTrltten by STANGE and SMITH.
Music by VICTOR HERBERT^
•;~A CHARMING SHOW THROUGHOUT.
SOME OF THE MUSICAL GEM3:
"THIS GREAT MAGICIAN. LOVE."
"IN THE BALLET." TYROLEAN SONG.
"GOOD NIGHT." "DO YOU FOLLOW ME""
"I BID YOU BEWARE. TAKE CARE."' '
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
SUMPTUOUS COSTTJME3.
A GREAT BARGAIN AT THESE
POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c ana 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
UNION COURSING PARK.
mo. GRACE, Jijgt: JA3. I. GRACE. Slljpr.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - . . ;. MAY II
Champion Hounds
In Three
Classic Events.
112 - NOMINATIONS - 112
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsead streets. 10:13
a. m., 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning at 4:45 p. m. .and after ths last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. ' > .-"..•. - '
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. INDIES FREE.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
JACK NORWORTH. THE CLIPPER QUAR-
TET. GORMAN AND KEPPLER, PETCH-
ING BROTHERS. FRED STUBER. GRANT
AND GRANT AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TUBES.
DON'T FAD^. TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BEAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDKEN. 5c.
Phone for Seats — Park 20.
— m^ — — — m
The Weekly Call.
AJCTJSEM.1LNTS.
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
MAY It.
VAUDEVJLLE
NECTAR!
~LEW SULLY
The Premier of Modern Minstrelsy.
MR. & MRS. KELGY
"A Trial Performance."
MLLE. CHESTER
And Her ? 10,000 STATUE DOG.
James F. Dorothy
KELLY. and. KEN I
In Their Eccentricity, "GINGER
SNAPS." .^U : -'.;>
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
The German Jesters. •
HILDA THOMAS
Assisted by LOU HALL in "MISS
AMBITION.'.'
THE FLORENZ TROUPE
World Renowned Acrobats.
THE BIOGRAPH
With New Moving Pictures.
Last Week In Vaudeville of
• MISS JULIA HEINRICH
• The Concert Contralto. Entire Change
¦ of Repertoire.
Parquet. 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c;
Children, 10c. any part except reserved.
A' few front orchestra rows, reserved,
50c; front rows of Balcony, reserved, 25c.
Last Two Timea — To-day (Matinee) and Night,
"WHEN THE HEART WAS TOUNG."
To-morrow NIsht — The Farce-Comedy,
A> "v\ MATINEE
ONE I^Tf^m \ '•
WEEK ( yJL y* A *UHDAY
only '\Sr*~JoJ AND
\O I 1 VV/ SUNDAY.
PRICES — Evenings, J. r «c. 23c. 35e. 50c, 75c.
Matinees, 15c, 23c. 35c and 00c. AIU.Reserved
Next— "the brixton burglary."
BEj&aSCO mo TtrALLS vj^fR 2 *
¦^ — : ' ¦** . ¦". «W7t SJ7Y HAH
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c, 15c. 23c.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
The Funniest of AH Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
1 I KICES S v «ninss. . . . .10c, 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
IfilVEJ ioc, 13c ; 2 5c
TO-MORROW EVENING— One of the Greatest
Melodramas of the Century
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Soec-
. tacular Effecta Unsurpassed. i
FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH
Corn«r Geary and . Franklin Streets. ".
: . .TWO SONG RECITALS
.- - hy \ - ,
MRS. M.E. BLANCH ARD,
-Under . Auspices of Channing Auxiliary
TUESDAY EVENING, May 13. 8-15 o'clock
SATURDAY.' AFTERNOON, May 17, £15
ADMISSION : FIFTY CENTS.Exchange and '' Bullion.- r.
Silver. Is off; again -and predictions' of ¦still
¦ lower ; quotations are"; freely made. ? The ina'r
ket >Js' very low- In China,,- us that country is
turning her, silver into gold to pay, off 'her. war
indemnity. of ..$8. 000,000 per. month. -and Mexi
can dollars are being, whipped '.from here bach
to \ Mexico, the . Curacao; , which sailtd uu ; thu
LOCAL MARKETS:
• Butter and Cheese L continue ; in liberal fsu'p
ply and unchanged. Packing, keeps the former
from overcrowding^, the floors of • the '• commls^
slon houses. Los /Angeles -" would ¦ buy liberal
quantities of -both -Butter, and Cheese on "this
market, but is not .willing to pay market' rates,'
so does not -get the goods. ...
Eggs show-no further decline. Receipts have
been steadily falling off for a week or. ten days,
"'but" buying for, cold storage has also decreased,
so one condition about offsets the other and the'
net condition of the market, remains about the
same.' 1 . Some dealers are ' weak and others firm,"
according' to their stocks. .-'. ¦ ; ,
IUceipts were 71, iO0 pounds., J keg and 351
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
« ; ; — — -*
NEW. YORK. . May 10.— FLOUR— Receipts,
10.100 barrels; exports, 12,429 barrels. Mod
erately active and steady. Winter patents,
$3 85@4 05; winter straights, $3 75®3 90;
Minneapolis, $3 95(54 10; winter extras, $3 10
@3 85; Minnesota bakers'. $3@-3'30; winter low
grades, $2 90@3 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 136,660 bushels; exports
227.2B3 bushels. Spot," flrm.; No. 2 red 81c
elevator; No. 2 red, 89 %c f. o. b. afloat; No
2 Northern Duluth, 83%c f. o. b. afloat; No '
1- Northern Duluth. 83 %c t. o. b. afloat- No
1 hard Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. '
Considering the narrow trade a strong ad
vance took place In wheat this morning, -stimu
lated by higher English cables, cold, wet
weather In the Northwest and a bullUh cash
wheat situation. The close was very flrm at
YiQ%c net advance. May, 80 l-16S>SH4e
closed 81 He; July, 80%@81c. closed 8lc; Sep
tember. 79@T9%c, closed 79%c; . December
SO 6-16@80%c, closed 80%c. "•
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, '1901
crop, 19S21c; 1900 crop, 13@15c; Pacific Coast
1901 crop, 15% <g 10c; 1900 crop, 13@15c; old'
5@7c. ¦ . ¦ . , •, . V: • '
HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 18c; California 21
@25 pounds. 19c; Texas dry. 13c. - , •'. .
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic- fleece, 25®29c
COrFEE— Futures ' closed unchanged to 5
points higher. Total sales, 4750 bags, includ
ing: September, 6.25®5.30c; October, 6 40c •
November, 5.40c; March, 5.75c. Spot Rio'
nominal; No. 7 invoice. 7%c; mild, quiet- Cor
dova, S J A@12c. . .'
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, steady
3c; centrifugal, 96 test. Z%c; molasses sugar
2%c. - Refined, steady; No. ¦ 6, 4.15c; No • 7*
4.05c: No. 8, 3.95c; No. 8, 3.90c; No. 10,-3 85c-
No. 11. 3.80c; No. 12. 3.75c; No.'13;;3.75c;' No.'
14, 3.75c: standard A, 4.60c; confectioners' A
4.50c; mold A, 5.05c; cut loaf, 5.20c; crushed'
5.20c; powdered, 4.80c; granulated. 4.70c; cubes!
> . * DRIED FRUITS. .. *
There Is little change In the evaporated apple'
situation. The tone of the market holds flrm
with exporters fair. State common to good'
7©9c: prime, 9%@9%c; choice,/ 954@io<i c '
•fancy. 10%@llc. ; ¦ . . .
Prunes are unchanged. Peaches and apricots
In moderate demand, with" the'. tone, flrm.
PRUNES=-3%G0«ic .' .
VEW YORK. Slay 10.— Tho effect of the
rrrlke order of the anthracite mice workers
eeemed to kill speculative Interest in the stock
oarket to-day. • Price* went lower, in some
caces notably so, but the volume of liquida
tion was trivial and rather lees in the coalers
than in eozne other department! of the list.
There were come large individual selling or
ders in Union Pacific, Et. Paul and a number
of other prominent stocks In which a specu
lative party has been active recently, seem
ingly on the assumption that dividend increases
w*re to be looked for In those stocks. The
unexpectedly poor showing by the banks had
much the same effect on stocks, .causing strag
gling declines on light selling. The opinion
was heard that the anthracite operators prefer
a Etrike at this time, if one Is Inevitable,
rather than to have it come In the fall. The
strike is not taken very gravely even now, as
is shown by the effect on the stocks of the
coal-carrying roads. The loes or over $0,000,000
in cash reser\-es, "compared with estimates
based on the knowa movements of currency
&K reported by the banks themselves of about
$2,000,000. is rather vaguely attributed to "lo
cal movements." The loan contraction of
?2.224,r>00 showed but a meager result of the
ttock market liquidation. There is nothing to
Bhow how far the much-discussed position of
the trust companies may have been altered for
the better by the week'e events.
Thie wetk'p stock market started off in the
ihroes cf anxiety caused by the suspension of
three Stock Exchange houses and the collapse
of the Webb-Meyer securities, which had been
inflated by a vigorous process of manipulation
find speculative buying on credit. The string
ency in the money, market had the Inevitable
'•ffect of calling In loans and Inducing dis
iKmination against this clasB of collateral
WSXb credits curtailed the manipulators found"
themselves unable to support their stocks and
ih* forced liquidation caused an utter col
lajr-e. As the event proved the general mar
to stood up remarkably well under «he t.hock
with the result that sentiment was greatly re- i
toured end con3<Jence ' in the soundness of th»
rc-dtion cf the market became more general
than for some time past. The episode has been
icTicc: 11 ••housecle&iiins" In Wall street There j
via;- a' widespread apprehension that the con- 1
d:tion «f affairs revealed by this episode and by I
th- international Power collapse ml*rht have
ur. indefinite extension. To Kay nothinu of the
iiar.v new Mi-eurities which have recently been
TJUEbfedyfoivvarc' into speculative activity and
.;:0.vi i-r.clns price.*; ther_- are many old-estab-
Uhed. aifrh-crade stocks which . have beer.
Kited to unprecedented prices, rcr which there
*rt- no known grounds to account. Stocks cf
thi* decs gradually accumulate in the hands
c: investment holderc. eitbf-r fnr tinmnu. „<•
New York Stock Market.
WASHINGTON, May- 10— To-day's state
ment, of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve in the division of redemption Shows •
Available cash balance, $187,684,422; gold, $07,
470,108. . • . ¦'
Condition of the Treasury.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stocks were Idle but steady to-day with the
exception of Americans, which opened with a
fair tendency, but finished heavy and at the
lowest-on the ectlon of the coal miners, ft-ars
of a poor statement by the New York Associ
ated Banks and an unfavorable crop report.
Louisville and Nashville wa6 the weakest
stock and Canadian Pacific relapeed to 13ou
carried down by the decline of American is
sues. Rio Tintos advanced % to 44%.
Silver was weak at 23 7-16d an ounce
London Market.
* GAME— Hare, 1 $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush ; English Snipe $3 ;
Jack : Snipe. $1 50. . . r
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. lp@14c fcr Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, 1 per. pair,
$1 2501 50; Goslings.; $2@2 25: Ducks. $4'ri5
fo;* old and $507 for young; Hens. $4@5; young
Booeters. $6 50@8; r old Roosters, ; $4@4 50; Fry
ers, -$5@6; Brollars, . $3 50^t 50 for large
and $1 50@2 60 for; small; Pigeons, $1 76@2
per dozen for old and $1 75#2 for Sq°uabs.
Receipts of local Poultry, were only 19 coops
and prices for all descriptions were unchanged.
Fryers and young ¦ Roosters continued firm
under a sjeady • inquiry. Small . Broilers' were
neglected Vnd. there were .^ great many, left
on hand at the ' close. *. One car of Eastern I Is
cxpe>^ted -for to-morrow^s market.
Fifteen "6acks of .'Game were received and
prices were unchanged:.- .-*". ¦. . -\X '¦•
Poultry and Game
1 VEGETABLES — Asparagus, . extra fancy.
$2@2 25 p«r box, $1 50® 1 85 for No. 1 and $1
@1 40 fcr No. 2"; Rhubarb, 4C@C5c per box; ex
tra' fancy, 75c@$l ; Green Peas, 75@l)0c per sack
and levper lb to the canners; Garden Peas.. $1
01 2.V per. sack: String Beans." from L03 Ange
les, 5@6c per lb,' including Wax; from Vaca
ville, 7@10c; ¦ Cabbage. 50@65c per ctl; Los
Angeles -. Tomatoes, $1 50@2 25 per 'box and
crate;' Mexican Tomatoes, • $1 20<31 75. per box
for repacked;' Dried Peppers, 10®llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per
sack ; Hothouse Cucumbers, ¦ 40(5 75c per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 for large; Garlic.' 2tg i .$c;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, ' I2%@15c:; Mexi
can rlo. . 8@10c ; ¦' Egg Plant, from Los 'Angeles,
tO<3l5c: ¦ Summer ~ Squash, from Los Angeles
$1@.<1 50; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, $15@20. .
ONIONS — Australian. $3 5033 75. second
hands; new red,85c@$l per sack; ' Silversklns,
75c«$l per box.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb
old. $1 50<8!l 75 for «Burbank.i ! from the river:
Oregon Burbanks, $1 OO^ 15; Oregon Garnot
Chiles, $1 50®l 65: River Reds. $1 30@l 50-
Early Rose, for seed, $1 65<§;i 75; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, $1 65@1 75; Sweets,t$2 25 for
Merced. : . ¦ ''• ,'
Asparagus" was higher, .• as receipts were
lighter than on the previous • day, and being
Saturday .the demand was more brisk. The
usual ¦¦ quantity of Rhubarb was received and
this description was dull. Changes in other
vegetables were slight.
What Is probably the last shipment of Onions
from Oregon arrived on the steamer yesterday
Two hundred and' seventy sacks were^ received'
but no sales were reported. Outside of a lim
ited demand for shipping there was- very little
movement in Australian, as the new- red are
usedto fill the local demand.
There was no change in old Potatoes. Sup
plies of river Burbanks were light and prices
were sustained. The Oregon steamer arrived
with about 5000 sacks, but there was very little
business done on the wharf. Seed Burbanks of
desirable size .were reported steady, but small
stock was not wanted. . .• .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
A slisht advance in several kinds of colored
Beans Is noted. The market Is' firm. There is
a continued demand for Coast account, but the
Eastern demand has ceased. Stocks in dealers'
hands are llsrht.
BEANS— Bayos, $3@.1 15: small White, $2 50
@2 00; large White, ?2 50!@2 60; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2 t5@2 30; Red. $2 50; Black-ye
$4 7r><g5: Limas. $3 60@3 70; Red Kidneys, $3 60
@o 75 per cental.
SEEDS'— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25(&3 60; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll%c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, lft@
2%c: Hemp, 3%c Derlb. ¦ w
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. J - -.. • .
Beans and Seeds,
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
¦were $26,696,131. against $23,536,158 during
the B&me week last year.
Washington Crop Bulletin.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor United States Weather Bureau, for the
WeEhlagton crop bulletin, week ended May 6,
Is as follows:
"The week was too cool, wet and cloudy
for rapid growth of vegetation, but the abund
ant moisture In the soil, resulting from the
copious ehowers, will probably prove beneficial
to all crop* In the end. The temperature was
about three degrees below normal on every day
except the last two, which were warm, eun
ebiny and rrobably most conducive to growth
of any days yet this season. In the western
eectioa there •were copious. showers on all but
the l*st two days of the week, while over
much, of Uis eastern section the total rainfall
was about half an Inch.
"Hot much trosress has been reported for
wheat, and some fields are eaid to look sickly,
but there la yet no room for discouragement
cs long zs there is abundant rain. There
have been no frosts severe enough to damage
fruit blossoms during the week, and the pros
pect reraains very favorable for the fruit crop.
"Plowing, oa.t sowing, potato planting and
general gardening have been much interrupted
end delayed by rainy weather. Some early
potatoes are up, but are not growing much.
The season is an unusually backward one."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 10. 1902. 8 p. m. ;
The following maximum and minimum tem
reratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day:
Eureka 60 — 52| Independence . . . 78 — 60
Red Bluff. 74— 54 Los Angeles 76—54
Sacramento 74 — 52 San Diego 66 — 58
Fresno SO — «50 Yuma 96 — 54
San Luis Obispo.72 — 541
han Francisco data — Maximum temperature.
t£J: minimum, 53; mean, 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
from Point Conception northward. There Is,
however, an extensive low area east of the
Eierras and conditions are not favorable for
eetttled fair weather.
Eh ewers are likely to pecur Sunday ever a
larre portion of the coast.
The tesyjer&ture continued about normal
throughout California and conditions are ex
cellent for nearly all crops.
Showers are reported at Eureka and at Red
Bluff. Tixinderstorms are resorted at Salt
Lake, Seattle and Kallspel. High southerly
¦winds prevail ia Utah. Wyoming and Western
Nevada.
Forecast isade at San Francisco for 80 hours
ending midnight May 11, 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
w*ather Sunday, with showers la the foothills;
llgct southerly winds in the Interior: fresh
¦weFterly oa the coast.
Southern C&Uforsla — Cloudy, unsettled
Tretther Euai&y, possibly showers In the moun
tains; fresh southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy, unsettled weather Sunday,
possibly ehowere; brick southwest wind.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Sunday, with fog In the morning;
llffct southerly changing to brisk westerly
Wind*. ALEXADER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
There Is nothing new In^ this market. Feed
stuffs are firm and Hay is weak.
* Government bids- were opened orr Friday at
Seattle for 4000 tons of hay for Philippine ac
count. •
BRAN — $17@18 50 per ton. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' :
MIDDLINGS— $21@22 per ton. •
¦'FEEDSTUFF^ — Hulled Barley, $21©21 CO
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25iQ2e: Job
bing. $26 60&27; Cocoanut Cake. ?20(&21; Cora
Meal.- $15) 5W&30: Cracked Corn. $30 50®31;
Mixed Feed, *ili©17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 50.
- HAY— Wheat, $9<&11 50; Wheat 5 and Oat,
$8 60@ll; Oat. $8®10 50; Alfalfa, $S@H; ci(£
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 60@8 50; Stock, $Ui&s
per ton.
STRAW — 10@65c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 so@
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 60;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 60 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', saa
3 60. • '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 Der 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, S4«
4 25: Buckwheat Flour, $4 50Q4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, *U 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35<S9- l u
sacks, $t$ 85®8 50; Pearl Barley. |5 50; Split
Peae, $5 60; Green Peas, $t> 50 per 100 Iba
Flour and Millstuffs.
SATURDAY. May 10—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I , Bid. Ask.
*s qr coup...lll%112 14s qr c <n«w)ir.7%i:-»'%
4s qr reg 1U%112 Cs qr coup. ..108% 109 1«
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 92% — |Oc SS Co 5s. 97%100
Bay CPC 5s.l08%I08% Omnibus 6s. — m
C C G&E 53.105 105% Pac G Im 4s. 97>A
Cal-st 5s 119 — Pk&CH 68.107 110
C Costa 5s. ..110% — Pk & O R 6s. — 125
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR Ss.102%102'%
Geary-st 5s.. — — SF & SJV5s.120%121Vj
H C&S 5%a.l03 — Sierra Cal 6s.ll8 —
Do 5s — 99 SP of A 6s
L Ang R 5a.llS%119% (1909) 113% —
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do etd 5s. — 103% <1905)Sr A.106%1061*
L A & P 5s.l0n% — U905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem 5j.10.-J — (1906) .... — . . — :-
Mkt-st C 6s. — 130 (1912) .... — 122
Do lem 58. 120% — S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s.ll2 — , c gntd 5s.. — —
Do 5s 120%121% Do stmpd.,10OJ; —
N Pac C 5s. — 110% SP Br Cal 6a. — 139U
N C R 5s. ...114% — S V Wat 6s. — 111
Oak Gas 5s. .113 113% Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Tm 6s.. 124 — Do 4s 3dm. — 102%
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E63.102 104
Oak W G 5s.l03%104%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% — [Port Costa.. 63% 68
Marin Co 50 — "Spring \'al.. 91% 92
GAS AND ELECTRIC. s
Cent L & P. 2% — IPac Light . . 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 35 39
Mutual 3% 4% S F G & E.. 44 44H
O G L & H.. 62% — S F G L Co. 5% —
Pac G Im.. 40 40% Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.260 270
BANKS.
Amer B & T.110 — First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .. 90% 91 L P fe A.... 168% —
Bank of Cal.425 — Mer Ex (Uq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 — S F Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German . . . 1990 — Sav 4; Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. SO — Union Trst.1330 —
S F Sav U. 525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 ISO (Market 89%102
Geary ....... — 60 '.Presidio — 40
Continued on Page Thirty-Nine.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANG2.
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend of 42 cents
per share, payable May 20.
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of. San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter A
Co.: Common stock. $24 50-@25 12%; preferred
$60@ 60 60; 4 cer cent bonds, $91@92; subscrip
tions. $101 soeioa 25.
Sales on the Oil. Exchange last week w -re
63,876 shares, valued at $50,615, the leading
sales being as follows: Independence, t&OO
shares; Occidental. 22,200; Petroleum Cent-.r.
4120; Sovereign, 2050; Shamrock, 0000; Sterl
ing. 21,600. •
It is reported that the Unittd Railroads In
vestment Company will Increase Its capital
stock from $2,500,000 to $23,000,000. and will
Issue this In lieu of the stock of the United
Railroads Comoany, which amounts to $40,
000.000. There will be $13,000,000 In preferred
and $10,000,000 in common stock sola, at '60
and $20 per share, respectively, and bond j to
the amount of $20,000,000 will be sold at $02.
Thus $29,400,000 will be realized for the $15.
000,000 stocks and bonds of the company to
cover cost of road with outstanding contracts,
leaving about $1,400,000 for Brown Bros, of
New York, who financed the street railroad
deal.
Yesterday was the dullest day in a long
time in local stocks and bonds, and prices
showed no change wortliy of note. The ell
stocks, on the contrary, were unusually active
for Saturday, as will be seen by the list of,
sales, and Sovereign advanced to 37c.
Stocks ex-dlviden<l were Giant Powder, 73c.
or $15,000; California Wine, «0c. or $26,023.
Four OH will pay a dividend of lc, or $:JOOO.
on the 15th.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; winter patents, $3 90@4;" straights,
$3 20@3 80; clears, $3@3 60; spring specials,
$4 20@4 30; patents, $3 4O@3 80; straights,
$2 90@3 30; No. 2 spring wheat, 75%@76%.c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 73@75c; No. 2 yellow
corn, 63%c; No. 2 oats, . 43% c; No. 2 write
oats, ' 45%@45%c; No. 3 white • oits, 4*%<@>
: 45%c; No. 2 rye, 69c: fair to choice malting,
68<g'71c; No. 1 -flaxsced, $1 64; No. 1 North
western flaxseed, $1 77; prime timothy seed,
$6 80; mess r>ork. cer barrel, $17 25<gl7 30;
lard, per 100 pounds, $10 25@10 SO; short ribs
sides (loose), $9 GOQO 70: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 8@8%c; short clear- sides (boxed),
$1J 10@10 20: whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 40; clover, contract grade, $8 35.
Articles—. - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15.000 :. 6 000
Wheat, bushels 67,000 183,000
Corn, bushels 05 ' 111.000
Oats, bushels 165 177.000
Rye, bushels... ; 2,000 • '"".•,•.¦. .'.
Barley, bushels...' 19,000 1,000
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firmer. Creameries, lS@22c; dai
ries,- I7@20c; Cheese, easy, 12317. Eggs
easy, fresh, 14%c. -¦ " »
Eastern Livestock Market.
' CHICAGO/ ,-*May "10. -^CATTLE— Receipts.
200; •nominal.'.; Good to prime steers.- $6 so®
7 40; poor to medium. $5@S 75; stockers and
feeders, $2 75<35 35; cows; $1 50@6; ¦'heifers,
$275@6 40; canners, $1 50©2 40; bulls, $2 50«
5 75: calves, -. $2@6; "Texas fed steers $5 25
@6 50. ¦ . - -. . . . : ¦
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 12,000: Monday, 28,
000; left over, 3000; market strong to 5c hglher.
Mixed and butchers, $6 95@7 30; good to
rhoipe heavy. $7 30@7 40; rough heavy. $8 95fi>
7 2T>; light. $6 75@7 10; bulk of sales. $7®7 25
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; market, for sheep,
and lambs steady. Good to choice wethers,
$5 75@6 15; fair to choice. $5 25<JT>7 75; We«t
ern sheep, $5 25@6 15; native lambs, $5^(5;
Western lambs, $5 25@G 50; wooled Colorados,
$3 90. • -
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. May 10.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 50. Nominal. Natives, $5 25<§>7 25;
cows and heifers. $1 50@3 50; veals. $3 5O@
6; stockers and feeders. $2 50@5 60.«
HOGS— Receipts, 5600; steady. Light and
light mixed, $"@7 22%: medium and heavy,
$7 lf@7 35; piss. $4@5 25.
SHEEP — Receipts, none.
'New York Metal Market. ;
/ NEW YORK. May 10. — To-day's market for
all metals was quiet, with prices, -however,
about .unchanged. ' Tin sold In a Jobbing way
at $29 75@29 85 for spot delivery. Copper sold
moOerately at the following values : Standard
spot to August delivery. $11 155?11 00; lake,
$11 50; electrolytic, $11, 70® 11 85; castings.
$11 65<S11 75. Lead wes unchanged at -me.
Spelter" was quoted at $4 40. Iron was quiet
and steady.
Exports and Imports.
\ NEW YORK,'- May 10. — Exports of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
aggregate $526,685 silver and $2750 gold.
Imports of specie this week were $29S2 gold
and $12,964 silver. .
Imports of dry goods and merchandise at the
port of New, Yofk'; for this week were
/' London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 10.— The offertngt at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 13,076
bales, i Competition vyas active and prices were
firm. Medium and ffne crossbreds ruled 10
per cent above the March* average price and
good combing merinos ¦ advanced 10 per cent.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal scoured were one
penny, higher: America bought a few good
greasy Victorian and some medium crossbreds.
'/¦ New r York Cotton Market. •
NEW YORK. May 10. — The cotton market
opened and. closed, unchanged.
: ¦ Northern ''Business. .
POTtTLAND, Or.. May 10.— Clearings, $303,
914: balances, $54,185. - .
SEATTLE. May 10. — Clearings, $483,620;
balances, $155,853. - — *
SPOKANE, May 10.— Clearings, $2S6,112;
balances, $59,256.
TACOMA. May 10.^-Clearings, $162,100; bal
ances, $38,706. '-_*¦; _ ¦ ; ' . .
;¦]¦¦ North cm Wheat Market.
N -. -': '.-' OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 10.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 66c; blue stem, 67c. . •" .
: ' 'V WASHINGTON. --I^,
TACOMA. May lOi— WHEAT— Steady; blue
etem,; 66%c; club. «5%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May: 10.— Consols, 95 5-16. Silver,
23 7-16d. ; French , rentes. lOlf 15. .'Cargoes x>n
passage, buyers indifferent -operators; cargoes
No.' 1 Standard California, 30s 10%d;. English
country markets, flrm; Indian shipments wheat
to U. K., 27,000 quarters. ;.-'
LIVERPOOL, " May .10.— WHEAT— Steady;
No. .1 - Standard , California, 6s 4%d@6s * 5d ;
wheat In Paris, 'dull: flour In Paris, dull:
French country markets, ¦ quiet; weather In
England, cloudy. ¦ H(HBBB8»<''^t£iW'*f i
- COTTON— Uplands,' 5/id.
STOCK MARKET.
Corn, ctls 5To Lime, bbls ...... o64
Beans, ska ...... 614 Wine, gals 63.400
Rye. sks 1.37CSugar. ctls 4.11/7
Potatoes, sks .... 1,395 Tallow, ctls 215
Wool, bales Kje'Pelts, No COO
Hay, tons - 4«« Quicksilver, fisks. •»
Middlings, sks .. 590*
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks....lO,312|Potatoes. sks ... 2,444
Oats, ctls 1.900'Mlddlings. sk» .. 1*
! control or Indifference to the market fluctua
tions in the price. This may be either in the
confidence that the ultimate value of the prop
erty may justify present extravagant prices
or In the realization that the marketing of
Urge holdings would break . the price. The
email floating supply makes such stocks quickly
responsive to a small demand or to manipula
tion, which is practiced in such stocks for the
sentimental effect upon the general market.
Such stocks are, however, equally sensitive to
light liquidation. There are many stocks in
the present market whiph are supposed to be
at price levels thus attained. - The fact has
been often pointed out of late that the volume
of credits in the country is greatly expanded
and feeling on this point was made additionally
sensitive by the action of the Clearing-house
authorities last week In resolving that outside
institutions admitted in future to Clearing
house privileges must make weekly reports for
publication of their condition and must main
tain cash reserves in their own vaults equal
! to those required of Clearing-house members.
This was obviously an admonition that the lo
cal trust companies should maintain cash re
serves against the very large collateral loans
which they have out. Instead, of relying upon
their cash deposits with the banks, which fig
ure as cash reserves there also. The nervous
i&ss on Monday was thus accounted for. There
was extensive calling for loans and throwing
out of doubtful collateral. The money rate
went to 20 per cent on Monday and 16 per cent
on Wednesday. There was much uncertainty
as to the extent of the troubles. The Monday
market demonstrated, in fact, that there was
ample reserve still back of the market and the
liquidation was well taken at all points. The
consequence was a rather violent recovery on
Tuesday and a return of calmness and firm
ness afterward. The shifting uncertainties of
the anthracite labor situation were an Influence
all the week and opposing opinions as to , the
chances of a strike were strongly held all the
week. The difficulty of arriving- at a fixed
view of the outlook had the ultimate effect of
discouraging speculative activity and throwing
the market into dullness and neglect. General
conditions were regarded as favorable. The
grain market reflected Increased confidence In a
favorable outcome for the year's crops. THe
point was made that the drouth In New York
to winter wheat had come so early. as to give
ample time for replanting of corn and other
crops as a possible offset to "the losses in
curred. The continued pressure for deliveries
of all grades of Iron and steel products was re
garded as evidence of the health of that in
dustry, but the iron and eteel stocks on the
Stock Exchange • were not favorably affected.
Conditions are reported to be Improved In the
copper trade and railroad earnings continue to
reflect a high degree of prosperity, notwith
standing the small grain movement. The
week's liquidation In stocks has sensibly re
lieved the money situation and the higher rate
has attracted credits from Interior domestic
sources and from foreign money markets. The
reply filed by the Northern Securities Company
tc the Government's suit had a favorable effect,
as the contentions made are regarded as strong
ones.
The bond market has moved In sympathy
with stocks over a much narrower range.
United States 3s and the new 4s declined
*i per cent, as compared -with the closing call
of last week.'
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Open. Hlsh. Low. Close.
Atchison 9,100 79'i 78% ; .78%
Atchison pfd 1,800 . 97% 97% 97^
Baltimore & Ohio.. 9,700 107% 107% 107%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200 95% 95% "95
Canadian Pacific... 5,700 127% 126% 126%
Canada Southern.. 100 93% 93% 92%
Ches & Ohio 200 47% 47% 47
Chicago & Alton.. .200 36% 36% 36
Chgo t Alton of d.. • 75%
Chjro, Ind & Louis 500 77% 77% 76%
Chgo, Ind & I- pfd 83
Chgo & G Western 9,800 30% 30 29%
Chgo & G W A pfd 100 83 89 88%
Chgo & G W B pfd 100 48 48 48
Chgo & Nwestern.. 300 253 250% 251
Chgo, R I & Pac.. 1,000 175 173, 175
Chgo Term & Trn 21%
Chgo T & T pfd... 100 38% 38% 38%
C, C, C & St Louis 103>6
Colo Southern 300 31 30% 30%
Colo So 1st pfd 71%
Colo So 2d pfd .... 43
Del & Hudson 10.600 181% 179 179%
Del, Lack & West 276
Denver & Rio Gr.. 300 42 41-i 42
Den Sz Rio Gr pfd. 900 91 00% 90%
Erie 14,900 37 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd 600 68 67% 62%
Erie 2d pfd 400 63% 53 63
G Northern pfd 300 184% 183 183
Hocking Valley 100 S3 83 82
Hocking Va! pfd 90%
Illinois Central 2,600 152% 152% 152
Iowa Central 400 46% 46 46
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 .85 85 84
K C Southern...- 1,400 29% 29 29%
K C Southern pfd. 400 59% 59 58%
Lake Erie & W 65
Lake Erie & W pfd 120
Louisville & Nash. 1,300 142% 140% 140
Manhattan Elev... 1.600 132 131% 131%
Metrop St Ry 500 149% 149 148%
Mexican Central...' 600 27% 26% 27%
Mexican National.. 300 19 18?i 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 200 110% 110% 110%
Missouri Pacific... 7,300 100% 99% 90%
Mo. Kans & Texas. 300 25% 25% 25%
Mo. K & Tex pfd.. 1,000 57 66 56
New Jersey Cent 158
New York Central. 1,100 158 167% 167%
Norfolk & West... 1.100 57% 57% 57%
Norfolk & W vtA.. . 90
Ontario & Western 1.500 , 34% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 10.800 150% 149% 149%
Reading 44.000 65% 64% 64%
Reading 1st pfd 2,80u 84 83% 84
Reading 2d pfd.... 9,600 70 6S% 69%
St Louis & S F 700 6774 66% 66%
S L & B F 1st pfd 100 84 84 . 83%
S L & S F 2d pfd 72%
Bt Louis Swestern. 100 27% 27% 27
Bt L Ewestern pfd. 600 59% 58% 58
8t Paul 13,600 170% 163% 169%
6t Paul pfd .., 190
Southern Pacific... 19,000 66% 65% 65%
Southern Railway. 6,700 37% 36T4 36%
Southern Ry pfd... 400 95% 95% 95
Texas & Pacific. .. .. . .... 41
Tol. St L & West. 100 22 22 21=S
Tol, St L & W pfd. 900 39 3S 38%
Union Pacific 34,300 104% 103% 103%
Union Pacific pfd. 100 87% 87% 87%
Wabash 800 26% 26% 26%
Wabash pfd .. 200 44% 44% 44%
Wheel & L E 100 22% 22% 22%
Wheel &L E pfd 35
Wisconsin Central. 2,400 27% 2674 26%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 400 49 48% 48%
Express companies —
Adams 195
American .... 220 •
United States H5
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous — '¦-¦>:':
Amalg Copper 19.200 69% 67% 68
Am Car & Foun... 300 30 29% 20%
Am Car & Foun pf - 90
Am Linseed Oil... 400 26 25 25%
Am Linseed OH pfd 10Q 54 64 63
Am Locomotive ... 600 32% 32 31%
Am Locomotive pf 800 94% 94 93%
Am Smelt & Refin. 1,000 46% 46 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd 400 96% 95% - 95'>
Anaconda Min Co .... 11,3"
Brooklyn Rap Tran 1.200 66 65% 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3,300 102% 101% 101%
Consolidated Gas... 1.200 224 : 222% 222%
Continental Tcb pf 12jm
Genera! Electric 322
Hocking Coal...:.. .400 IS 17% 1714
International Pap.. 900 21% 20% 20%
Internat Paper pfd .... 74'
Internatn! Power.. 300 93 02% 92%
Lacleda Gas 89
Natlon« Biscuit... 300 49% 49 49
National Lead..... 400 20% 20% 20%
National Salt 20
National Salt pfd C0%
North American... ..... 123
Pacific Coast...... 100 70 70 70
Pacific Mail "XXk ••-• ....••39%
People's Gas 900 101% 102% 103%
Pressed Steel Car." 100 44 44 44
Pressed St Car, pfd 100 84 M 83«,A
Pullman Palace Car .../.-•. 235
Republic Steel..... 700 UU 17% . 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 200. -73% 73% . 73%
Sugar 2.400 128 127% 127%
Tcnn Coal &Iron.. S.500 C4% C4 62H
Union Bag & P Co- ..... ....- 15?1
Union Bag & P pfd ..... 8l£
U S Leather....... 500 13% 13y 33^
U S Leather pfd.. 100 84% 84% 84
U S Kubbsr .".: 500 1«% • lf)% 10^4
U K Rubber pfd... ' :500 J>S% 58 "58%
V-fi Steel 800 41%--4l%. 41%
US Stetl pfd..... 2,400 91% Cl% 91%
Western Union.... 400 92% ..02., 91%
Total talcs 283,500 :i
tubs of. Butter, 1280 cases of Eggs. cases
of Eastern Eggs, ,6800 pounds of California.
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy, 18% ©19c for firsts and 17018c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@lS%c;; store Butter, 14@13c
per pound. • •
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old. 9®llc: Young
America. 8@10c; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, 18@18%c for fancy and-16@
17%c for fair to good; store, 15® 16c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ Strawberries were in free supply and met
with a steady demand at good-prices. The re
ceipts of crates were large, those from Florin
being rather green and the Watsonvllle over
ripe.
Receipts of Cherries are steadily increasing.
776 boxes came 'in and only some special brands
brought the top quotation.
' Stocks' of Oranges are slowly decreasing and
prices for all descriptions remain as previously
quoted. Two cars will be auctioned to-morrow.
There was no noticeable change in the other
fruits. •
STRAWBERRIES— $6@9 per chest for Long
worths and $4 50@ti for Maltndas; Crates, from
Watsonvllle. 75c@$l; from Florin. $1@1 25..
APPLES — $1@2 50 per box, according • to
quality; from Australia, $1 50@2 50 per box.
CHERRIES — White. 50@76c per drawer;
Black, 75c@$l 50 per box and drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. fl@l 75
for standard, $1@2 25 for choice and $2 25Q3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets, $1®2 60; Va
lenclas, $2 50@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $1 50
@2 50; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l
for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 75c @$2;
Mexican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, x^Iuts and Raisins.
There is nothing new to report. Further
news from the Prune and Pear blight has been
received, but it may not prove as serious aa
feared a few days ago. Much damage has un
doubtedly been done, however, and both' crops
will be lighter than expected.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9®10e for Royals and 10
<S13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples. S@9c; sun dried. 5@5%c; Peaches,
6%@8%c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 5@tSc;
unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%©6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5V>@«c for white.
PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-403, 6%@6%c; 40-50s. 5@5%c; 50-60s. 4%
@4%c; 60-708. 4@4%c; 70-80s. 3%@3%c; 80
00sr3@3%c; 90-100s. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6%
®7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
5 Vie for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 8%c-
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy. $1 60; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%c; No.
2 6%©7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c -
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c for
softshell and 6<@7c for hardshell: Peanuts, 5@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12Vic; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts
$3 60©5.
HONEY— Comb, 11012c for bright and 9®llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb. _
Provisions.
Chicago was lower on the day. The packers
were bullish on small receipts of Hogs and light
packing. The cash demand was fair. There
was some realizing by local longs. The weekly
letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. said :
"Market is easier, 7%@12% lower. There
was a rather strong opening, but it was met
by profit-taking sales by local holders and the
closing was rather soft. Receipts of hogs were
35,000. against 33,000 last year. Some increases
in movement seems generally expected in the
near future. Cash demand continues moder
ately fair."
This market remains as already stated, some
dealers selling at the top and others at the bot
tom quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light
15s for extra light and 16@17c for sugar-cured-
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams. 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@» 60 oer
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 60; Family, Siia
11 50; prime Mess Pork, $15 60®16; extra clear
$23; Mess. $18 50® 19; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50©
12 60; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked
Beef 13%@t4c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at SU@S%c per lb for
compound and 12igl2%c for pure; half -barrels
j-ure, 12UfS12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%@i3cr Mb
tins. 12%@13Vsc; 3-lb tins. 12%@13%c. '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%<j; two
Serces. 10%c; nve tierces, 10%c per 1U.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Th» private S circular of W. B. Sumner &
Co. says: "There. Is a better demand and a
general improvement In j the j Hide market.
Prices have ' advanced and there is every In
dication that present conditions and prices will
be maintained. Horse Hides are much sought
after, and will' probably continue In demand for
some time. Goat Skins sell readily. All furs
are in good demand, particularly Mink."
HIDES, AND -SKINS— Calls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%®llc; medium. 9%@10c; light, 8©
9c; Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8%@9c for
light; Stags. 6%@7c; Salted Kip. Sv>@uc;
Salted Veal. 9@0%c: Salted Calf. 10c; Dry
Hides, 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry Kip, 11®
13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and Brands, 15©
16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool,' 40<S6Uc each: medium, 65@75c; long
Wool. 80c®$l' 20 each'; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium. $1<§j1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Central American,. 32%c. Goat Skins — Prima
AJigoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c. ,• ''¦¦•¦¦¦
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6%@6c per lb;
Ho 2, 4«.@5c; grease, 2%@3%c
WOOL — Spring — Northern free, 14@16c: do,
defective. 13® 14c:- Middle County free, I3@15c;
do defective, V2@ 13c; Southern, 12 months, 9©
10c- do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, U@13c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous -prices rule for all descriptions under
this head. Hogs are easy. Beef barely steady
and Mutton and Lamb weak with Increasing
supplies.
. - . , DRESSED MEATS.
, Wholesale rates from slaughterers tr> dealers
are as follows: • ;-' -
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and,6%@7e per lb
for Cows. ¦
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small, 8®9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 7%@S%c; Ewes, 7%®
8c per lb. • . ¦ ' • ¦ .
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10%c per lb.
PORK— DTessed Hogs, 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAHKET.
' The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%<g9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7>Sc: thin Cows, 4® 6c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling -Lambs, %1 50@2 75 per
head or 4%@5c per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4
(34%c Der lb. -
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6®
e%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 60 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bag3. June and July, 6c: San
Quentin, 5.65c; Wool Bags. 32®35c; Fleece
.Twine, 7%@Sc
COAL^-Welllngton, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $8 60;
Koslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $3; Walls
tnd, $8 50; Co-operative WalUend, $8 50; Cum-
I berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn-'
sylvanla Anthracite Egg, : Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton
In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton,
according to brand.
OIL — California Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled.
78c; raw.. 7 tic; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. : in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 05c; cases.' $1;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pare Neats
foot, in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,'
C6c. Whale OH. natural - white. 40@50c per
gallon; F;sh Oil. barrels. 42%e: cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut OH. barrels. 63%c for Ceylon and
5S%c for Australian. "- -.
COAL OIL-'Water White Coal OU. In bulk.
13 W© 14c: Pearl. OU, in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 16c;
In cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; In
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in balk, 20c: in
cases. 2BVjC. »-. ,
TURPENTINE— 67c per, gallon ia cases and
Clc in drums and iron barrels. . •
1 SUGAR— -The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany - quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-li)
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c: -. Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated . Coarse. 4.23c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
¦Beet: Granulated' (100-lb '. bags only), none,
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C.- 3.C5c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; ' half- barrels, 25c more;
"Boxes, 50c : more;', 50- lb hags, lOc^more. for all
kinds. v Dotnlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes
.5c per lb. .No order taken - for less than 7a
barrels , or Us equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
SATURDAY. MAY 10.'
Flour, qrsks.... 5,0«SjBran, Bka ....... ' 03t>
.Wheat, ctls-..;..' l.SodOnions. »ka :."... so-'
Barley. .. ctls ..\\ . 2,S0f L-ather. rolls '.-.. 54
Oiiti, ctls . . .". . . . 1.2WHides.- No. . . . . ..: 602
CHICAGO. May 10.— Wheat showed good
strength all through the sessicn. - Unseasonably
cold- weather Northwest with rains in many
sections and snows reported in the Red River
Valley, firm cables, small receipts and pros
pects of a fair decline In the Government crop
report started prices higher at the opening.
Shorts covered freely but the principal factor
w.as the absence of selling -pressure, which
showed a marked change in the sentiment of
the pit. Commission - houses bought ¦ to some
extent, but in the main the pit was verj 1 quiet,
waiting for the Government report, which had
teen delayed. There was a fair cash business
and shipping trade and July, which opened
%o to %@%e up at .74%@75o, sold to 75%c.
Minneapolis reported such a - scarcity In i the
Northwest that Interior- millers were buying
stuff to take back to their mills. All told,
the tone of the pit was more bullish, largely be
cause of the weather, which Is . much too wet
for further spring seeding. Late liquidation
took off some of the gain, but July closed firm,
%S'%c higher at 75%@75%c.
Corn was firm during the course of its rather
dull trading. July closed %c up at 61%c.
A good cash demand and a scarcity ofioffer
ings developed a better tone and a fair trade
in oats. July closed firm %o up at 37c. K
Provisions lost much of the strength that
marked yesterday's strong, market. Locals
liquidated liberally and the outslda also sold
to come extent. July pork closed 12%c down,
lard 7%c lower, and ribs 10c down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Weekly bank' clearings gain, as usual.
Silver lower and pointing downward. Exchange unchanged.
Local stocks and b'onds dull. Oil stocks more active.
Wheat and Barley still quiet., •
Oats and Corn firm. Rye neglected.
Hay weak and Feedstuff s firm?
Fair coast demand for Beans. Eastern demand all filled.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchangedi
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. /
Hides firm, with an active inquiry.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Poultry and Game quiet and featureless.
Strawberries and Cherries in larger and Oranges in smaller supply.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
UVERPOOL.
Wheat — . May. July. . - BeDt.
Opening « 1% 6 1% 6 3%
Closing fl-1% \ 6 1% 6 8%
. • • PARIS.
Wheat— ¦ Sept. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 21 85 20 80
Closing 2180 20 40 '
'Flour— .*
Opening/.............. 26 60 26 20
Closing 26 60 . .26 20
The Financier this week says : The official
statement of the New York Associated Banks
last week showed a loss of $6,011,500 in cash.
In the previous week the banks gained $1,433.
700. Hence there was a net loss . In the . fort
night of $4,577,800. The estimates of cash
changes, tlsed upon the traceable movements
of money .last- week, indicated a loss by the
banks of $2,027,600, 'while the- estimates for
the previous week showed- a- loss of $2,071,800,
making for the fortnight a total estlmhted
1ob3 of $4,629,400, which amount closely ebr
reepends with the actual net loss for the fort
night shown by the official statement. The
loans decreased last week $2,224,500. reflecting
the liquidation which resulted from the call
ing in of loans by banks in consequence of
the unsettled monetary conditions. The de
posits were decreased $7,954,000, and consider
ing the fact that cash was reduced by within
$1,942,500 of this amount, It would appear
that the loss of cash was largely responsible
for the diminution in deposits. The decrease
of loans and cash together amounted to $8.
236,000, or only $282,000 greater than the re
duction in deposits; the statement in this re
spect, therefore. Is harmonious. The required
reserve was reduced $1,988,500, which amount,
deducted from the decrease of cash, leaves
$4,023,000 as the loss in surplus reserve This
item now stands at $3,461,000, against $8127 -
475 on the corresponding date last year, in
which week it will be remembered the May
panic occurred. It 1b expected that there will
this week be large receipts by the banks of
moner resulting from the payment to New
York merchants of maturing obligations. Com
parisons of changes by individual banks show
that seven downtown institutions decreased
loans by $1,000,000 net. The changes in specie
by the seven banks indicated a net loss of
54,500.000. The bank clearings for the week
were about $1,000,000,000 less than the pre
vious week. . .
Loans, $901,938,000; decrease. $2,224,500. De
posits, $960,235,600; decrease. $7,954,000. Cir
culation, $31,229,600; Increase. $180,300. Legal
tenders. $73,029,500; decrease. $2,651,500. Spe
cie, $170,490,400; decrease, $3,360,000. ! Reserve.
$243,919,000; decrease. $6,011,500. Reserve re
quired, $240,058,900; decrease, $1,988,500. Sur
plus, $3,461,000; decrease, $4,023,000. . •
NEW YORK, May 10. — The statement of the
Associated j Banks for the week ending to-day
shows:
Associated Banks' Statement.
US roffts rejr...lo&tt,L & N unif 4a.;.102*$
.**> "' 2» coup.l09'/4pviexic«ii C en 4t... 83
go Ss reg .....108(4 Do 1st lac ..... 33
Do 3s coup ;..108#Minn * St L 4s.. 104%
00 new 4s reg. 137H M K & Texas 4s. 100%
Eo new 4« coup.l37W Do 2da ........ 83$4
5°.°V* *• reg...lllUN Y Central lstB.lOiS
*rZ S 1 * *" coaP-Hl* Do gen 3Hs ...109
5° reg 105% N.J Cen ren Bs.. 189
a* hi <»UP -..100% Northern Pac 4s.lO5
r£ !son *' n *«• -103% Do 8s 73%
rdf? jrt&J 1 <"•• M Nor{ 4 W con 4s.l01#
**" f OUo 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s... 99%
• Do 8%» ....... 96% StL & I M con 6s.H6i ( 5
Do conv 4s ...10894 St L & S F 4s... 99
SSt^? Ut 5 M»---H»%St LEW lsts.. .97%
£ tr *} ?*. Ga 5s. 100 Do 2ds .... S4&
m, ° i s KJ? c .;;'- S6 San A & a p 4s.. 90%
Sf^A?] 110 fJi'-lOSH Southern Pac 4s.. 95%
Chi & Alton 8U 8 . 84H Southern Ry 6s..l22$
r M.&& n * W a 95% Texas & Pac lsts.121%
n~ M<^f ¦£• ren 4s ' 116 U Tol St L & W 4s. 83
£ £ N co . n 7s ' 135 , Union Paciflo 4s..lO6T*
X^. 1 * p 4s.... 111% I Do coav 4s.... 106%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO3^ Wabash lsts ....120
Chi Term 4s 89 Do 2ds 110%
Colo & South 4s. 95% Do deb B ... 76U
Denver & R G 4s.lO4^ West Shore SH^ : .1M«
Erie prior lien 4S.100U W & L Erie 4s.. 93%
v* w*l n « 4 « V- 87 % Wisconsin Cen 4s. 94
&££ ?.f l&'-Mh Con Tob 4S «*
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20. Little Chief .... 11
A " ce 45 Ontario ... 8 00
Breeoe 50 Ophir 155
Brunswick Con.. 11 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosi 20-
Con Cal & Va...l 60 Savage ........ 11
Dead wood Terra. / 75 Sierra Nevada..; 20
Horn Silver ...140 Small Hopes ... 40
J ro " f ver 73 Standard 3 30
Leadville Con ... 05 |
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— u S Steel 41%
Call loans ......5 @6 Do pfd .....t.. 81%
Time loans 4%@5 Westingbs* com..l26' /s
Bonds— . Mining—
Atchison 4a... 102U Adventure 23%
Ga s lsts 94% Ailoues .».. 3%
Mexican Cen 4s.. 82 Amalgamated.... 68
N E Gas & Coke. 57 Bingham *37 /
Railroads — » Calumet & Hecla.550
Atchison 7854 Copper Range ... 58%
Do pfd ........ 97% Dominion Coal ..135%
Boston & Albany. 262 Franklin ... 11
Boston & Maine. 198 Isle Royale . 15%
N YNH & H...235 Mohawk 37
Fitchburg pfd ...146 Old Dominion ... 20%
Union Pacific . . .103% Osceola. ... 63
Mexican Central.. 27% Parrot 26
Miscellaneous— Quincy ...125
American Sugar.. 127% Santa F« Copper. 2%
¦ Do pfd 119 Tamarack ... ...173
Amer Tel & Tel;181% Trimountain 95
Dom Iron & Steel. 56 Trinity 12%
General Electric. .320 United States ... 21
Mas B Electric .... 43 Utah 21%
Do pfd 97 Victoria ... .... 4%
N B Gas & Coke. 8% Wlnona 2%
United Fruit 107%
LONDON CLOSING -STOCKS.
Con for money. 95 3-16IN Y Central ....162
Con for account 95 5-16 Norf & West 58 T 4
Anaconda 5% Do pfd .1. 02%
Atchison ... .... 81 Ontario & West..>64
Do pfd 100% Pennsylvania -..-1T1SW
Bait & Ohio 110% Reading ... .... 33%
Canadian Pacific. 130% Do 1st pfd .... 43
Ches & Ohio .... 48% Do 2d pfd 36 I
Chicago G W 31% Southern Ry 38 M
Chi M & St Paul. 174% Do pfd ....'.... 98
Denver & R G. . 42% Southern Pacific.. 67%
Do pfd 93% Union Pacific ...107 .
Erie 38 Do pfd 90
Do 1st pfd 70% U S Steel ....... 41%
Do 2d pfd .... 56 Do pfd ......... 93%
Illinois Central... 156% Wabash 27%
Louis & Nash ...146 Do pfd 46
M K & Texas ... 26 Spanish 4s 78%
Do pfd 60
Bar silver, quiet, 23 7-16d per ounce. Money,
2®2% per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for . short bills is 2% per cent.-
The . rate of discount In the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
NEW YORK BONDS.
"Market showed some strength early on cov
ering of, shorts. The advance was mainly lost,
however, toward the close. No change in con
ditions of supply and demand. Movement from
country is small and demand from this mar
ket slow. Pending some movement on the part
of large holders speculative operations are on
a small scale and featureless."
This market continues chiefly in the hands
of one holder, who is very firm in his views
Quotations are unchanged.
d«rt^^rw*Vtrs9M?k sman ™
RYE — 9O@95c per* ctl. ,
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
"Market was- steady and rather firm. There
was some advance in the May option which
partly represents the cash demand and partly
a short, interest covering. General conditions
of the growing crop seem on the whole -favor
able." . ¦ •% . • • : .
This market was featureless.
Grays, $1 32%@1 .40; whites, $1 32%@1 45;
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black, 51 20@l 32V£; red,
$1 3O(!5!l 42^ per ctl. r . '
CORN — Chicago was firm on bad weather In
the Northwest and absence of selling orders
Bolton, De Ruyter &. Co.'s letter said:
¦<Informal .Session — 9:15 o'clock — December
2000 ctls. 87%c. <-«.««
¦ Second Session— May — 2000 ctls, 96%c.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
OATS — Chicago reported a strong market,
with good buying by commission houses. The
letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
10,000 ctls, 91 10%.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctls, $1 10% ; 16.000, $1 10%.
BARLEY— Dullness still prevails in this mar
ket, except on call, where speculation has been
livelier for a day or. two. Quotations for cash
grain remain unchanged.
Feed." 97%@98%c for No. 1 and OS^J-ic for
off grades: brewing and shipping , gr&<«». $1;
Chevalier, $1@1 20. **
CALL BOARD SALES,
"Market here was quiet but firm. Map
showed clear weather' throughout the winter
wheat belt, but further rains In the Northwest,
where seeding has already been delayed there
from. Snow estimates that the Government will
show a condition of about 75 on Monday. Not
much activity reported in cash trade. Visible
supply is expected to show a considerable de
crease as well as the amount on ' passage. It
is quite likely that whatever condition the
grdwlng repdrt shows, the trade will conclude
that there has been an improvement in the
crop position since the information on which
•*. is compiled was made up.';
In this market futures were higher, but spot
n-ices were unchanged.
; Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 12%; ' milling,
$1 13%@l 15 per cental.
. Chicago was somewhat ; higher on .light re
ceipt's' and unfavorable ; weather In the j North
west. The Government report was postponed
to Monday. Continued wet weather was pre
dicted In the Northwest. There were heavy
snows In Northern Minnesota, and the storm
was general over the Bed River. Valley, delay
ing ' seeding . several days longer. - , It I Is - now
seen that the seeding area In that region will
be . materially reduced. A ¦; wire from Kansas
City said that Barton County/ Kans., reports
that they will- not get. over 20 or. 25 per cent
of a crop in that section, and perhaps not even
that. .- Broomhall reported from | I/iverpool that
the weather was again cold, and predicted a
large decrease' in stocks afloat.
The weekly Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruy
ter 4= Co. said: r. - ¦-: ...
— WHEAT — Liverpool futures .were firm, but
Paris futures showed I little change.
Wheat and Other . Grains.
7th» having taken $76,000. The outlook for Slli
vef Is therefore unpromising. , \ . . . .
There Is nothing new In Exchange. ; . .:
Sterling Exchange. '60 days..... — Ji'SC '
Sterling: Cables, Bight.......... ¦"¦ — 4 88 VS
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.. . . — • • - < 15
New-York Exchange, telegraphic— 17 ty
Silver, per ounce...... < —
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — --M /45M»
THE SAN JFBANGISCO CALLi SUKDAT, MAY 11, 1902;
APRICOTS— Boxed, 10%@14o; bass, 10%@
llo. •.-¦-' ..-¦..• •-- --¦; ¦ .
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16o; unpeeled. - 8H@
lie... ;.,. - ., • ... , ¦ -.- ' ;¦¦ ¦ . . ¦ j
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market,
New York Grain and Produce.
35
Artidies— ) Open. . High. Low.
- Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75 74%
July .... 75 /75% 74%
September.. 74% / 76% 74%
. Corn No. 2 — /
May ........ 61% ' 61% 61
July 61% 62U 61%
September .. " 60% 61% 60%
Oats No. ¦ 2 —
May .: .. 43 , 43% .43
July (old)... 34% ¦ 3514 34%
July (new).. 36% 37>4 36%
Sept. (old).. 29V4 29% 29%
Sept. (new). • 31& 31% 81
Mess Pork, per barrel — -- i
May 17 27% 17 27J- 17 20
July 17 45 17 50 17 27%
September ..17 47% 17 60 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May. ...10 35 10 35 10 25
July...'. 10 82% 10 37% 10 25
September ..10 40 10 40 10 27% .
Snort Ribs, per 100 pounds — ' ¦
May : . 9 70 9 70 ¦' 9 65
July 9 70 9 72% 9 62%
September . . 9 70 9 72% 9 65
Close.
74%
; 75.M,
: 76%
Cl
61%
00%
. «%
35
20%
31%
17 20
*17 30
17 27%
10 25 i
10 ***>
.10 27%
a 65
n 62%
9 65
AS
T
reco:
ATIC
OX3.
B S K 2 2 ' 3
.29.90 62 4S SW Cloudy 0.02
.29.80 72 50 XW Cloudy 0.04
.».8O 62 66 SW Clear - 0.00
:;0.04 «0 52 SW Clear 0.01
.29.6S SO tiO XW Clear 0.00
.23.82 72 3S SW Cloudy 0.00
.29.76 7« 5« W Cloudy 0.00
.29.70 78 CO SE Pt.Cldy 0.00
.29.90 76 M W dear 0.00
.29.70 96 68 W Cloudy 0.00
.29.00 66 50 SW Cloudy 0.08
.23.92 74 54 SE Pt.Cldy 0.01
.23.92 66 60 SW Pt.Cld^ 0.00
.29.91 74 52 SW Clear 0.00
.29.80 78 60 E Cloudy 0.01
).30.0t 62 54 W Clear 0.00
.30.02 72 »2 W Clear 0.00
.29.90 6ti 58 SW Cloudy 0.00
.29.90 66 62 6W Cloudy 0.08
.29. S2 72 64 S Cloudy 0.01
.29.80 56 60 BW Cloudy 0.06
.29.82 68 68 6 Pt.Cldy 0.00
.29.74 70 54 W Pt.Cldy 0.00
..23.90 86 64 S Cloudy 0.00
icerature.
, 55 decrees
AS
T
reco:
ATIC
OX3.
B S K 2 2 ' 3
.29.90 62 4S SW Cloudy 0.02
.29.80 72 50 XW Cloudy 0.04
.».8O 62 66 SW Clear - 0.00
:;0.04 «0 52 SW Clear 0.01
.29.6S SO tiO XW Clear 0.00
.23.82 72 3S SW Cloudy 0.00
.29.76 7« 5« W Cloudy 0.00
.29.70 78 CO SE Pt.Cldy 0.00
.29.90 76 M W dear 0.00
.29.70 96 68 W Cloudy 0.00
.29.00 66 50 SW Cloudy 0.08
.23.92 74 54 SE Pt.Cldy 0.01
.23.92 66 60 SW Pt.Cld^ 0.00
.29.91 74 52 SW Clear 0.00
.29.80 78 60 E Cloudy 0.01
).30.0t 62 54 W Clear 0.00
.30.02 72 »2 W Clear 0.00
.29.90 6ti 58 SW Cloudy 0.00
.29.90 66 62 6W Cloudy 0.08
.29. S2 72 64 S Cloudy 0.01
.29.80 56 60 BW Cloudy 0.06
.29.82 68 68 6 Pt.Cldy 0.00
.29.74 70 54 W Pt.Cldy 0.00
..23.90 86 64 S Cloudy 0.00
icerature.
, 55 decrees
Artidies— ) Open. . High. Low.
- Wheat No. 2—
May 74% 75 74%
July .... 75 /75% 74%
September.. 74% / 76% 74%
. Corn No. 2 — /
May ........ 61% ' 61% 61
July 61% 62U 61%
September .. " 60% 61% 60%
Oats No. ¦ 2 —
May .: .. 43 , 43% .43
July (old)... 34% ¦ 3514 34%
July (new).. 36% 37>4 36%
Sept. (old).. 29V4 29% 29%
Sept. (new). • 31& 31% 81
Mess Pork, per barrel — -- i
May 17 27% 17 27J- 17 20
July 17 45 17 50 17 27%
September ..17 47% 17 60 17 25
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May. ...10 35 10 35 10 25
July...'. 10 82% 10 37% 10 25
September ..10 40 10 40 10 27% .
Snort Ribs, per 100 pounds — ' ¦
May : . 9 70 9 70 ¦' 9 65
July 9 70 9 72% 9 62%
September . . 9 70 9 72% 9 65
Close.
74%
; 75.M,
: 76%
Cl
61%
00%
. «%
35
20%
31%
17 20
*17 30
17 27%
10 25 i
10 ***>
.10 27%
a 65
n 62%
9 65
TACOMA COMPANY
Jl LCL
Is proving a favorite stock with Cali-
fornia, investors. Wide-awake people
axe Investigating and many of them
buying. . Plans feasible. References
the highest. Par value of shares $1.
For a' few days sold at 20c. Prospectus
reads convincingly.
The American Guaranty and Trust Co.,
820-823 Htywtrt EulUlag.
ALASKA CENTRAL
RAILWAY ||i
Five per cent preferred shares, pai
value S50. awe being liberally . sub-
scribed for at the current price of $5.
He " who misses this chance missei
money — and lots of It. Ask for honast
•1 he / msrican Con'raatj aid Trust Co,.
8:0-823 Hiyward BaUdia 3 .
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION^SALE JBa
STANDARD BRED AND GENERAX. POTl-
POSB
HORSES
Comprising
105 HEAD OF MARES AND GEIJ3INGS.
((Bred at Kancho del Paso.)
TO BE SOLD together with
- V 70 HEAD TOUNG MXJLES
At THE AMERICAN RIVER BRIDGE,
In the Suburbs of Sacramento, on
THURSDAY. May 15. 1902.
And Continuing on Succeeding Days Until AU
Are Sold. . . ,v-
Sale Commences at 10:30 a. m. each day.
Terms Cash,
Writ* to JOHN MACKEY. Sopt. for cata-
logues.
FRED H. CHASE and W. H. HOKD.
j.^ ¦¦.-¦•; ¦- Livestock Auctioneer*.
AUCTION SALE
AT
L. A. RICHARDS' RANCH (th« home of th«
great producing sir* Richards' Elector),
2 miles west of Grayson.
THURSDAY. May 15. at 10 o'clock a. in..
I will sell 60 head of well-bred horses. 40 head
of work mules, also stationary Threshing Outfit.
Terms Cash or Approved Notes.
L. A. RICHARDS.
£a 300 HORSES £*
WILL BE SOLD AT 1140 FOLSOM STREET.
Carload EVERY TUESDAY until sold. These
horses are from th« Plllis grant, and are all
broke and "gentle, . and weigh from 900 to 1400
pounds. Sals commences NEXT TUESDAY,
May 13. Also a choice lot of camp, peddling
1 and express wagons, bugglea, carts and harness.
.
A CARLOAD OP CHEAP YOUNG HORSES.
Suitable for express, bakery and milk wagons,
consigned by Christie Ranch. Sacramento.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market Bt.
.jrw AUCTION SALE of 150 head broken
. «*~+~ horses. The final of the GERMAN
1 GOVERNMENT horses. Full particulars later.
Sale to take place May 22 and 23 at 1732 Market
st.. San Francisco. W. H. HORD, LIT* Stock
¦ Auctioneer. • ¦ -THE SAIf VFRA3TOIS(5O: CALL, SUNJDAY; MAY- 11, 1902.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
untli 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until It p. m.
106 Eleventh street ; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia, street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin sts.— Kev. Bradford Leavitt,
minister; Charles A. Alurdock, superintendent
of Sunday-school. The Sunday-school is at
10 o'clock. The morning service is at 11
o'clock. Kev. Bradford Leavitt will preach,
subject, "The Business ot the ¦ Liberal
Church." Special music by quartet and
chorus. H. Uretherick, organist and director.
Young Peoples' Society meets next Thursday
evening. AH are cordially invited. There is
no evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp
and Twentieth ets. — Rev. E. F. Dinsmore,
minister. Sunday school at 9:45 o'clock. Tha
minister will -preach at 11 o'clock on "Chris-
tianity's Debt to the Religion of Ancient
Egypt." Prelude on the Federation of Wo-
men's Clubs. The musical service, under di-
rection of William Wertsch Jr., will Include
an instrumental quartet, "Adoremus"; a
duet for soprano and mezzo-soprano. "Look
Upward Ever"; a 'cello solo, "Evening
Song," and a bass solo by Mr. William
fitrunz. The evening services are discon-
tinued for the present.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason ets. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.D..
pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. ; topic. "No
Man Can Serve Two Masters"; baptism of
children, reception of members and Holy
Communion. At 7:45 p. m.. a service of song
in commemoration of the thirtieth annivers-
ary of Samuel D. Mayer as organist and choir
master of this church; the choir will be as-
sisted by the Knickerbocker Male Quartet
and others; address by the pastor, topic,
"Chenaniah — Who Instructed About the
Song, Because He Was Skillful." All are
cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st..
near Webster— Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D..
pastor; 11 a. m.. subject. "Reality and Un-
changeableness of God"; 7:15 to 8 p. m.,
vesper service, only forty-five minutes, con-
sisting of song, responsive reading and short
address, subject. "The Bible Appeal to Man-
liness." Sunday-school. 9:50 a. m., Morris
Marcus, superintendent.
HOWARD Presbyterian Church. Oak and
Baker sts. — Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Dur-
ing the sickness of Rev. J. S. Thomas, pastor.
ser^Mces will be conducted by Rev. Warren
H Landon D.D. To-day, 11 a. m., topic,
"The Service of Christ": at 7:45 p. m.,
"Trusting." Christian Endeavor meeting at
6:45. Midweek meeting, Wednesday, 7:45.
A welcome to all.
FIRST Presbyterian Church— 11 a. m.. sermon
by Rev. W. K. Guthrie; 3 p. m.. installation
service. Rev. Charles G. Patterson will
preach the sermon. Charge to pastor by
Hew E. H. A very. D.D. Charge to people
by Rev. G. G. Eldredge. The moderator of
the Presbytery. R*v. John Wills. D.D., will
preside. There will be no evening service.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C.
E., ti:30 p. m.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan Ets. —
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, will preach at
11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Topic for the even-
Ing. "The Story of a Garden." Good music
by large choir. Seats free. All Invited.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m.. J. • B. Robin-
eon, superintendent. Epworth League meet-
ing at 6:45 p. m.
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett St., near
Twenty-third — Morning sen-ice. 11 o'clock,
preacher. Rev. J. George Gibson, subject,
"Our Duty to California" ; 'evening." 7:45,
sermon by Rev. J. George Gibson, subject,
"Our Unobserved Opportunities." Barytone
solo, "King of Eternity" (Jones), by Mr.
Otis M. Carrington: (2) "Glory to God"
(fHusre). (3) "Land of the Infinite" (Lor-
enz), by Dr. Gibson.
8EVEXTH Day Adventist Church, 914 Laguna
St.. between McAllister and Golden Gate ave.
— Prjeachlng this evening at 7:45 o'clock by
the pastor. Elder B. F. Richards; subject,
"Both Resurrections and Those Concerned in
Each." All are cordially invited to attend.
Scats free.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a. m.; subject of lesson-6ermon. "Mortals
and Immortals." Sunday school for children
at the same hour. Wednesday evening meet-
Ing at 8 o'clock. Free reading-rooms, 206
Keamy St., rooms 509-510. 'All are welcome.
GREAT mass meeting to-day at the Young
Men's Christian Association building. Mason
and Ellis sts. Address by Rev. Wm. Rader.
pastor Third Congregational Church; subject.
"The Transformation of a Boy." There will
be Fpecial music under the direction of Mr.
H. H. Barnhart. All men Invited. The ser-
vice will commence at 3 o'clock.
THE Theosophical Society (Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president, founder) — Pacific Coast head-
quarters. Odd Fellows' building. Public lec-
ture to-night at S o'clock by Thomas Prime
of Birmingham," England; subject, "From
the Crystal to the Christ." Public meetings
daily at 2:30 p. m., also 8 p. m. (Wednesday
evening members only.) Lending library
open daily from 1 to 4 p. m.
THEOSOPHICAL— Golden Gate Lodge. Free
popular lectures every Sunday at 8 p. m.. 809
Market st. To-night "The Law of Sacrifice,"
by Mrs. Alice M. Best. Bible class at 11 a.
m. Sunday. Inquirers' class Thursday. 2:30
p. m. Meeting for free Theosophical discus-
sion Saturday at 8 p. m. Library open daily
from 1 to 4 p. m. and Saturday 7:30-9:30 p.m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening at Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle
909 Market st. Subject. "Some Things I
Don't Know"; followed by magnificent views
of ancient and modern Rome; free tickets
will be distributed for X-ray exhibition at
Sanitarium Tuesday evening. Remember the
Question Box.
BROCKWAY* S slate writing and psychic tests
to all seances; Sun.. Wed and Fri. nights,
25c; •write your questions at home and bring
your own slates.
EXTRA SEANCE. EXTRA SEANCE
THIS AFTERNOON 2 O'CLOCK.
1052 Ellis St., bet. Franklin and Gough.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS at Golden Gate Hall,
625 Sutter st., this evening, under the auspi-
ce* of the Unity Club, on "Mohammed and
Islam." Miss Ruth Estelle Weston will i
elng. Admission and all seats free. Doors
open 7:80.
WHY we often love the one who tortures us;
free lecture, to ladles only, by Mrs. May Van
Onken, followed by free readings of heads,
faces and hands: Monday evening. 330 Ellis
st. ; doors closed 8 :15.
AT 117 Larkln. to-night— Inspirational Spirit-
ual Church meeting: eubject. "Duty. Love
a.nd Truth for God"; also truthful messages;
Dr. C. E. Wheeler; admission free.
A — NOW ' lecture: Henry Harrison Brown.
"Nonrcsistance." Odd Fellows' building 8
p. m. ; music.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists — Odd Fellows'
building. Market and Seventh sts. to-night;
Mrs. R. S. LllUe. speaker; admission free.
MRS. ADA FOYE lectures and gives tests in
Maccabee Temple, 11th and Clay sts.. Oak-
land, every Sunday evening. 7:30; 10c.
A— TESTS, front hall, 909 Market, 11, free; 2-8
10c; Wilson. Nillsson, Waltman. Case; ordin-
ation.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister, 10c; come, skeptics.
EDWARD EARLE'S independent slate-writing
seance to-night; full light; 25c. 328 Ellis »t.
MRS. STODDARD. convincing tests to all: cir-
cles 10c. Sun.. Tues.; readings dally. 278 9th.
TESTS, ©09 Market, rear; II, free; 2, 8, Swan
Maxwell, Wrenn; memorial to Dr. Robblns!
WYLLIE, photo medium; skeptics bring camera
_ and plates; do your own developing. 309 Turk.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every~nlght
except Sat.; 10c; sittings daily. 148 6th st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance 1084 '¦
Buih. 8 p. m.. 60c: phone Larkln 4133. 1
MRS. COLBY, 1041% Valencia; sittings dally
circles Tues. eve.; phone Church 680. '
MEETINGS — Universal Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Theosophical
Society (non-political and unsectarlan)
Rferular monthly entertainment .and dra-
matic presentation 310 O'Farrell: next Tues.,
¦ p. m. ; proceeds for humanitarian work!
SUNDAY LECTURE.
WALTER THOMAS MILLS will epeak. Metro-
politan Temple, 2 p. m.; subject, "Organized
Labor and Organized Capital 'and Their
War." M»eic by Prcf. Schoen and the Frank
Brown Ladies' Orchestra. Admission free.
MEETING NOTICES^
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A; M _
— Officers and members are hereby no- : Jk i
tin«>d to attend the funeral of our dc- Vy
ceased brother, ANDREW KERR /V> ;
; KENNEDY, from the hall of this lodge. TO-
DAY (SUNDAY), at 1:30 o'clock. By order
of the W. M. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
THE trolley ride to be given by Golden Gate
Circle 335. W. O. \V.. will take place SAT-
URDAY EVENING, May 17, 1902. . • 1
MEETING NOJTlCE^-^-Contliineau ¦_
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F.— .-^_*'.r>__- ,
Initiation TO-MORROW EVEN- fg_aK£i
ING (Monday. May 12). . Dele-
gates to the Grand Lodge and '»"*
visiting brothers cordially invited. _
. ¦ ALF. J. ZOBEL, N. O.
W. B. STEVENS. R. S. . ¦
NOTICE to representatives and
delegates — Excursion to I. O. O. rsJCwSs
F. Orphans' Home at Gllroy,
MONDAY. May 12, 1902. Train ™**
leaves Third and Townsetid sts.. 9:30 a. m..
stops at Valencia Station; round trip $2 25,
children half fare. • Tickets on sale Monday,
8:30 a. m. at both stations.
MARY E. DOXOHO. Sec Reb. Assembly.
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth .«»>.
grand annual gathering and games 3, QJi
a'. Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, T_3_r
May 30, 1902. '•
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secy.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
' Water Company will be held at the office of.
the company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco,
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
1902. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m.. for the
. purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16, 1902, at 3 o'clock d. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the stockholder.! of the United Crude Oil
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company, 418 Parrott building. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 13
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine iby the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark. . in ' the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam of the
Golden Needle mine In Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever. in the Castello mine, at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting
will be held at room 94, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. on May 19, 1902, at 1 :30
p. m.
AGENTS WANTED. |
AGENTS wanted — I am trying to convince you
that I have a plan which will enable you to
earn a hundred dollars a month or more, but
I have no means of knowing who you are un-
less you first send me your name and ad-
drees. I would gladly explain this new plan
to you, as it is one which requires no capi-
tal, outfit or former experience; is suitable to
either sex. and no one knows you are my
agent. Ninety-nine per cent of the popula-
tion are your possible customers; occupies all
or Dart of your time, as you wish. W. M.
GRIFFIN, key 104, Fort Wayne, lnd.. is the
address you should write to for free particu-
lars: the work Is permanent and tbe profits
accumulative.
EXCLUSIVE county and city rights given to
Rood salesmen on an entirely new article; a
big seller that pays large profits. Call or ad-
dress WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market.
LADY agent — Excellent opportunity for right
party with manufacturing company: call
1 to 5 p. m.. 346 McAllister st. W. N.
TEN EYCK. . .
! WANTED — A lady In city, also one In each
town, to sell a household necessity; will sell
on sight; salary or commission. Box 993 a
Call office.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or lnsur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY.
FULL horoscope $3 00
Short sketch 50
1902 forecast 1 50
Send birth date, hour if known. MRS.
JOSEPHINE BAIRD. Alvlso, Cal.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation 'free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no. fees In advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkln st. and 305 Market st.
- BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
. WARBLING canaries and all kinds' of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st.,bet.8th&9th.
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE—
835 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREN.
A HOME for children; healthy location; large
grounds and good ¦ care. Address MRS.
MILLS. 42 Palmer st.. San Mateo cars,
GERMAN lady wishes one child to board. 150
Chenery «t. ' '
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
JOSEPH STRAUB :...85O Market st.
Partner In an established and paying print-
ing business. • • • Party with $5000 to
. invest in a manufacturing business. • • •
Branch bakery on Eighth st., suitable to add
a stock of notions, etc.; price $300. • • •
Good paying butcher shop in the Mission; a
bargain for $850. • • • Saloon with 14
furnished rooms upstairs; everything occu-
pied; price $1800. • • • Grocery and bar
in Western Addition; price $650. • • •
Restaurant south of Market St.; owner going
north; price $275. . • • . • Party to take an
active Interest in a raying manufacturing
business which is to be enlarged; must take
care of books and handle cash. • • • Ba-
kery baking 8 barrels dally; store trade $50
dally; 4 horses and 2 wagons; ill-health
cause of sale; rent $50; price $3000. • • •
Call on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wine house, good bar
trade, family and otherwise: owner retiring;
ar. assured income for any one. For partlcu-
lars call on JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market.
GOLDEN opportunity for man and wife or a
steady man; coffee house on Kearny st. ; open
all night, with 7 furnished rooms and bakery
attached; this is ¦ positively a grand,- safe
paying Investment; will take half its value,
b.9 the owner must leave the State Imme-
diately; don't miss it. BUSINESS BOARD
OF TRADE, 326 Pine st. . .
WK have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
' many other business chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for - sale or
exchange. . Call or write for our free' list.
HEALY & CARR Realty Mining Co., 713
Market St., room 40C; tel. James 4121.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of sickness: price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit;
, full Investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S 705
Market st.
DE FREITAS & SIMS, 413 Kearny st.. Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy. sell
. and make quick exchanges In rea! estate,
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaned on furniture at lowest rates.
f 9000 — A good opportunity to obtain , a ! half
interest In a manufacturing plant. Including
a half interest in the realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P.- R. R. ; see owner
by calling on J. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery.
MUST sell; butter, factory doing fine business;
an expert butter . maker will remain with
buyer. Cal. Business Assn., 865 '4 Market st.
AN employment office established 13 year*;
will sell very reasonable for cash. Call at
MISS CULLEN'S. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — A good, practical salesman to take
a half Interest and to represent a manufac-
ture of an every day article In San Fran-
cisco; «rood profits and requires but little cap-
ital. Call 865 Vj Market st., room 1.
CONSERVATIVE Investors — We have a safe
Investment for you; large dividends. Box
969. Call office. " .
WANTED — To rent dining-room In small hotel
or large rooming-house with boarders; refer-
ences exchanged. Address box 809, Call office.
FOR sale — Livery and boarding ' stable doing
a good business. -Apply to P. W. ANDER-
SON. 28 San Pablo ave., Oakland. -
LADY wants gent partner with $300 in estab-
lished business; . reception and living" rooms
furnished. Address box 972, Call office.
FOR sale — Cigar etand corner; goods
at co«t and value of fixtures. Call at 1198
Folsom st. • ..'
$500— PARTNER; lady or gentleman; estab^
llehed confectionery factory. 717 Mont'gy ave.
FINE chance for 2 men to' buy an established
business. , 203 Fourth st; : ¦ . ..: ..•¦
GREAT chance to buy . first-class candy and
large icecream business. Box 988," Call office.
; BUSINESS CHANCES— -Cemtl«»e—
THE STOCK OF THB " «
INYO GOLD COMPANY
¦ Is -a -¦ .
. SPLENDID INVESTMENT,
For the following good and sufficient reasons:
-1. It has a MINE with fifteen thousand tons
of gold ore blocked out Jn the north incline,
going $12 60 per ton. The south Incline is un-
der a still larger and richer body of ore. the
full size of which has not yet been, ascertained.
Several experts agree that the ; measured ore
bodies will yield over two hundred thousand
dollars.^ All this is on only one of the seven
claims. The remaining \ six make equally as
good surface showlngH. . . - --*
2. The owners have shown their good faith
in the expenditure of $115,000 in doing over
1400 feet of development work, erecting a
twelve-stamp mill, etc. • . .
3. Mill runs have cleared $25,000 on the
plates, the, bullion being mostly handled by
the Central Bank of Los Angeles, which lta
president. Mr. William Mead, . will verify.
4. The tailings from these runs contain over
$15,000, which can be cyanlded.
5. The company is an Arizona corporation,
making the . stock absolutely, non-assessable
and exempting the private property from lia-
bility for corporate debts. , ' - - ¦ " . ' •
6. A limited block of stock Is being sold for
further development and to install cyanide and
electric power . plants, which will "greatly re-
duce the cost of milling. . "\ .
. 7. The sterling Integrity of the directors of
the corporation is beyond - all question. I Ask
any banker. Government official or commercial
agency in Los Angeles. Their probity, honesty
and . business ability are unquestioned. The
character of the mine and company invite the
fullest confidence of the public. Prospectus
giving details sent on receipt of two-cent
stamp. The price of the stock '
AT TEN CENTS PER SHARE
Places it within reach of all.
MAKE DRAFTS OR POSTAL ORDERS PAY-
ABLE TO INYO GOLD COMPANY.
Address STEPHENS & SCANNELL. 110
South Broadway, Los Angeles,- Cal.
FOR salt — At a sacrifice on account of sick-
ness, a stock of dry goods and groceries In
> a town 70 miles from San Francisco; 4000
population; thickly populated; fruit county;
no failure of crops; business in a flourishing!
condition; established 40 years; new plate-
glass front will be put in and ftore altered to
suit purchaser. Inquire at Call office.
A— $300; . PARTNER wanted In established
business; $18 to $25 a week; too much work
for one; no night or Sunday work; duties
light and easily learned; trial given before
buying. 20 Geary St., rooml.
25% AVERAGE ' monthly proflt; shares $10;
money withdrawn any time if not satisfac-
tory; send for circular. SOLLITT & CO., 123
Cedar st.. New. York.- (Mention- paper.)
FOR sale — Fancy confectionery and Icecream
store with shop; downtown location; good
trade; splendid opportunity for right party;
price reasonable. Address box 1759, Call.
OUR system turf speculation shows proflt 85%
in 15 days at Aqueduct; explanation free.' N.
S. HAND, Expert Handlcapper, 804 Park
Row building, New York.
LADY with fine business ability desires part-
ner' with capital for new. enterprise; large
proflto and reputable; references. Box 815,
Call office. ¦¦¦ ¦ , '
FOR sale — A first-class established business, a
fruit and grocery store and horse and wagon,
on account of sickness; cheap. 2102 Howard.
CIGAR stand; no night or Sunday work; sold
on account of sickness; only those meaning
business apply. Phllbrlck, 449% Guerrero.
FOR rent — Hotel, cottages, orchard, vineyard;
furnished complete; Santa Cruz Mountains.
Bex OtiO. Call office. ¦
AN old-established restaurant; guarantee $100
per month; . centrally located; must sell at
sacrifice; going north. Box 963. Call office.
LADIES' tailoring business; reasonable; good
location. Box 927, Call office.
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth st. ' . .
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grade, gold-bearing ore
superior to Tread well mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest in a paying proposition address
room 412, P'arrott bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
NURSERY and florist .business for sale or ex-
change for Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley
property: owner must leave the city by July;
buyer can work himself Into the ¦ business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
possession. CARLSON. 500^ Halght st.
$1000 per year Income secured by any one tak-
ing trouble to investigate our plans; no gold
mine or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition, unusual merit.
Jumiapa Co., Fullerton bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
FOR sale — $1200; a family liquor store; finest
installation; good stock; twenty-five years
established: 3 llvlns rooms; rent $25; cause
of selling change of business. 617% Valencia.
WANTED — Party as assistant ¦ manager.-, an-1
treasurer for park and theatrical company;
$25 week and expenses; $500 cash security
required; same secured. Box 062. Call.
RESTAURANT, grill and liquors; best business
in the city; worth Investigation. Box 943,
Call office.
FOR SALE — First-class cigar stand; good lo-
- cation; business part of city; no agents. Box
1629. Call office. ' ¦
FOR sale — An evening paper route, centrally
lecated. Box 932. Call office. -
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments.
12 rooms; transient $550
22 rooms; clears $100; only...... 1700
I 9 rooms; partly furnished '. 225
30 rooms; $2000 cash, bal. payments:. .. 3200
6 rooms; nicely furnished: only 175
65 rooms ; corner: a bargain 7000
40 rooms; central; clears $250......... 3500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms 1700
25 rooms; rent $30; Income $S5; only... 223
9 rooms; corner; very good 375
7 rooms; snap; Geary st. '. . 200
A. H. RETSLOFF, ,phone John 631.
Rms. 7-8. 906 Market at., cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS; downtown; clears $60; $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF. 000 Market.
. Business is booming here.
We never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market st. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone— Black 1-8-0-3.
' Correspondence 'solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our installment plan. ~-
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house;, new furniture. ...$1800
36 rms. ; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife 760
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men '. 8000 !
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low. rent..' 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65; termB.. 1400'
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. -700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. . . ¦ •
Hotels, houses and 'flats, 5 to 200 rooms. V
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market St.
38 rooms, rent $80. . .. .$1800
26 rooms, rent $60. . ...$1300
WINSTON 28 rooms, rent' $45 .$IT00
& 35 rooms/rent $R5 $2000
WOLF, - 35 rooms, rent $80.. . ..$1000
1026 24 rooms, rent $42. ... .$1300
MARKET ST, - 20 rooms, rent $60 . $875
100 rooms, rent $22...'. .$6500
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
II rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter........... 950
8 rooms; tunny, flat; .corner..... 200
11 rooms; downtown; good'".... . .. ......'700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer...... 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, ¦¦ ¦ '.: ¦
850 Market st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
• Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO., ~ ~~~ "~
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
' Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1% per cent .' - .
BARGAINS and many choice Investments In
first-class lodging and - boarding houses can
be secured at all times,, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to Inspection; kindly call at
office. ¦ ' • . . . . .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD *
917 Marked st., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. - .-
LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms; rent $Cjf^ price
$900; terms. MORRISON & CO., 26 Monfgy.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. MORRISON & CO., 26 Montg"y, r. 4.
LODGING-HOUSE, 30 rooms; rent $75; eleva-
tor; all' outside, rooms: sell on- easy terms -
investigate. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery.
83 ROOMS; rent $65; lease; good corner house;
, tenants mostly workingmen;' -house-' clears
$125 a' month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other ' business. For
particulars address box ; 1724,, Call office, v
16-ROOM apartment house; rent $40; this house
is nicely furnished; rooms command good
' rents; bargain at $650. .'.Address box 17°°
. Call office. . .--.": ,¦ , .'. ; ¦;/'.¦,•/¦:
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart -
- ment bouse call on us; we can . suit you'
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glasccw block). .-.; r » ' •-. . . 'v. .
73 ROOMS; best paying transient ; Kearny st.' ;
lodging-house; 3 years' lease. ..Box 8fi8. - Call.
' '-;•'¦¦,: ; . V SPIRITUALISM. *:;VV ; ! W.
MRS. J., J. WHITNEY,! trance, bus. ,' medium;
..' life reader;, medical clairvoyant;' sittings $!•
, letter $2.- 1164 O'Farrellst.; Ellis car.
it;.-'-.'.. . 1 . ..-. . .. ¦;.. < ' • ; ' , - -¦ .
: SPIRITUALISM.— Continued. -
26c SEANCE; :../. .i .'. . ;r. . 1 . . . .25c SEANCE.
• This Afternoon 2 o'clock.' -
. BROCKWAY. 1062 Ellis st.
i Slate writing and psychic tests to all.: •- ;
BROCKWAY*S : elate writing and test seance,
Sun., Wed. and, Fri. nights; every one re-
celvea test; 25c. Readings dally 1052 Ellis st.
C.'V.: MILLER holds a private seance . to-
morrow night, 8 o'clock; only friends admlt-
• ted. 1084 Bush St.; $1; Phone Larkln 4133.
-Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601;. seance Sunday and Thurs.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th. nr. Guerrero;
circle Friday eye.,- 25c;. readings dally.
ETHEL CRINDLE— Materializing and vocal
seance Sunday eve.; 60c. 325 Ellis st. ,
MRS. WINCHESTER. 1610 Clay— Circles Sun.,
Wed., 8 p. m;; Tuesday, 2 p. m.' -
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 835 McAllister— Mrs. C.'J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test toall to-night; 10c.
_ CLAIRVOYANTS. ; _
"Come and see a man which told me all
( things I ever old."— St. John. iv:29.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE,
: . : 127— ELLIS ST.— 127
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
V THE FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOY-
; .. ¦¦• ANT AND PALMIST EVER IN
';-;¦' SAN : FRANCISCO.
The Occult Wonder.
The World's Greatest Trance
, "¦'• ¦ '* / .- Clairvoyant and Palmist.
He tells your prospects for the future, and
gives advice on all affairs of life.
¦ The great mysteries of, life revealed.
ARE YOU IN TROUBLE?
Business Worry, ' Family Difficulties, Love
Affairs or Under Evil Influence? -
DO YOU WISH TO KNOW FACTS THAT
YOU SHOULD KNOW?
If you will succeed in your undertaking?
If you will make a change In business?
If*you will win your lawsuit? . .
If your^lomestlc troubles will soon' end?
If you will obtain your ambition?: •
If your land contains mineral or oil? : •'
If you have certain lucky days?
• If you are loved ?
If you will marry?
If you will succeed in a profession? . ;
¦ What business you ehould follow? —
Where to Invest in business? .
If, you will succeed In your love affairs? .
If you .will recover from disease? ;
If you will be successful In. mining specu-
lations? ¦..¦¦.-. ..'.
If absent friends will return?
Is your husband or wife untrue?
lias the demon rum assailed the happy
. quietude of your home? ' .'
Does another share the love and attention
that should belong to you?
If so come and learn a swift and sure rem-
edy that will dispel the dark .clouds, and
you will see that beautiful light of freedom.
\ THOSE THAT ARE UNSUCCESSFUL
ARE MADE PROSPEROUS AND STARTED
j ON THE ROAD TO WEALTH.
If you have been deceived by the' false pre-
dictions of others, do not' despair, but calj
' and 'be convinced of the above statement.
WHAT IS YOUR VOCATION IN LIFE?
How have you prospered ? What are your
hopes for the future? Every person is es-
pecially adapted to some particular business,
profession or trade which may be ¦ Justly
termed their true > 'vocation. And yet more
than one-half of you are struggling against
J an unknown fate for fame and fortune, which
- you do not and cannot obtain until you find
your TRUE VOCATION. A call upon PROF.
DESTINE will soon settle this all-Important
question and your vocation will be pointed
out' to you, and convlction-wlll be sure. and
happiness and success will follow.
He reunites the separated, restores lost
' affections by. proper advice. Tells you how
to win the man or woman you love. Teaches
you' to' locate mineral or hidden treasure bo
that failure is impossible.
Palmistry Taught, Medlumlstlc Persons
.. Developed. Why not have a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day? '
127— ELLIS ST.— 127.
10 a, m. to 8 p. m. Sundays to 1 p. m.
Readings by mall. $2. Send date of birth
four questions. . • '
Lady In attendance. 1
- 1 - - .
DO you want to know your future?
Do you want to know' If you are going to be
successful In business?
Do you \want to know-how your' love affairs
will terminate? ¦ : -
Do you want to know how to settle 'your
troubles satisfactorily?' '
' If so call on - ' - -
MRS. REYNOLDS.
1008% Market St., opp. Fifth.
And have your fortune told. .
She Is a wonderfully ¦ gifted ' life-reader. '
This woman was born with the wonderful
gift of : foresight and Is therefore enabled to
give absolutely HONEST ADVICE to . those
that need it.
- She has thousands of testimonials to prove
that she is what she claims to be.
A WONDERFUL WOMAN. . « '
¦ . . A. Famous- Life-reader.
She can be consulted dally from 10 a. m. to
5 p. m., Sundays from 10 to 12 m. Look for
the slsn. /
MRS. REYNOLDS, "
Life-Reader.
. Your Past Revealed. . Your Future Foretold.'
' 1008% Market st., opp. Fifth.;
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY.
1104 Market St., Corner Turk.
Ismar, the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside th«
uncertain years ahead; happiness and 'success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fail where suc-
cess Is possible were It not for the lack of fore-
sight into the future; If you are in trouble of
any kind, discontented,' unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophetess of
world- wide fame, and her name has become a
proverb in thousands of homes made. happy by
her' aid and' advice. Ismar can be consulted
dally 'from 10 a. m. to 6 p. m., Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1104 Market St.,
corner Turk. • ¦ ¦:
¦ SPECIAL — Ismar' s readings ' by mail are
fully as satisfactory as .those given in person:
three questions answered, $1: full life reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS , ..
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third. St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human destiny; .first registered clairvoyant
- and palmist ever in San Francisco; extraor-
dinary clairvoyant ' power, combined with his
< superior knowledge of .occult forces and. the
science of palmistry, enables him to read hu-
man destiny with unerring accuracy. 127 Ellis.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
-palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk;. private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by, mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
, $5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 60c — 50c — NO HIGHER.
• This week only, advice on love,* business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes , speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fall call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist, Mme. J. Lyons, 1016 Market, parlors 8-».
KNOW your future; Mme. Richards,' astrologlst,
palmist, reader of human destiny; never falls;
readings 50c; astrology and palmistry taught
by quick practical method, j 1239 Market st.,
near Ninth. . •':.:.' . \ - -
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with 'double veil— second sight;
' diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladles60c,
gents $1; palm: and clalr. sit. $1 GO. 120 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant.
1 crystal seer; reads your -life correctly without
ques.; full names; 60c-$1 ; 10 a. m.to 8 p.- m.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
. I tell comes true: send dime and birth date.-
PROF. J. MYERS, P. O. box 2224. San Fran."
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium,' permanently located at -1206 Market
St., cor. Golden Gate' ave., rooms 25, and 26.
MME. RAVENNA 1 reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. ,.
MME. WALTERS great card reader; la. 25c;
< gents 50c. .' 051 Mission,'; near 6th; open Sun.'
MME. HANSEN. well-known clairvoyant; cards,
. palm.. 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 6th, . r. < 14.
25c — SPECIAL, one week. . PROF. ,"• MILES,
clairvoyant, palmist.' .1010 Mission,. nr.% 6th.
MME. ODELL,' clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
•rf'ad accurately; L. 25c ;G. 50c. s , 521 V4 Eddy.'
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant -i and high 1 , psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MME. AUGUST,'' clairvoyant reader, 'palmistry;
.truth or no pay; 25c up. . 1149 Mission st. , , \
MRS.- STEPHANS, ;*¦ 104 > Fell, near • Van Ness.
7 Reads life correctly; 25c-50c: ; ¦»"¦ . \r
MRS.', BROWN.' clairvoyant card' reader? ladie*
. 25c ; gents 50 ; readings dally. , 132 Sixth st.
MRS. JENNIE j REYNOLDS, life reader~iate
':' of Los Angeles, is 1 now at - 1 008% Market st.
CLAI R VOY ANT, card reader. I from | Louisiana;
;¦• only 10c ;: from 1- to 8.r 262 Minna 'st.-.-nr.', 4th.
CLASSIFIED ' advertisements and subscripting
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CARPET BEATING" AND "CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
-ing works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphclster-
lng.1213 Market,bet.8thA9th;tel.Howard2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO. , Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2C3.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. ; G. H.
STEVJBN8. Mgr.. 38-40 8th nt.; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior. Carpet-beatilft Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1612 Polk;
tel. East 725. A.- G. KLEINERT, Prop.
J. E: MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co. . 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
OFFICES.
G^O^G^^\vr"TcS]L^ r S^Agency^-No i Charge
- unless successful. Room 310. 927 -Market st.
_^ COTTAGES TO LET.
A COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with stable
of 4 stalls; two entrances. 1112 V 2 Clay st.
.^.OTJ'j^EjS-— " SUJiMAK— JOJ-KT^
MENLO (Fair • Oaks) . new cottage; 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. -At R. HARRISON, 78
Geary- st. . " • V
• ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cot.
4th, ¦ r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours. 9 a*m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to 2. J.-W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental' Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant- R. C. ANDER-
' SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
, warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago . Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Fulfset of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
C,rown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
¦ Valencia st. ¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking arid Millinery School
¦ fits pupils for business; we teach everything
from basting to finishing and present pupils
with our famous drafting machine; 2 weeks
iln sewing dept. free to those entering before
'May. 15; latest patterns cut. 1019 Market.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsct-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
78. Rausch St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
HELP AVAXTED FEMALE.
ATC. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. . . 429 Bush St.
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head pantry woman, springs ..$30
Waitress, Institution,' country, found and
washing and -.......". .$30
Waitresses, small country hotel, two girls. $25
2 waitresses, watering resort near city.. ..$20
Woman, general. work, seaport hotel 123
I 2 waitresses, commercial hotel, south $20
I 2 waitresses, small country hotel $20
Housekeeper, rooming-house, some capital. $.10
I Cleaner, institution, city $20
2 chambermaids, city. $17 50-$15
Cook, summer resort, fare paid $40
Laundress, same place .$30
Waitresses, Stockton, Watsonville, Pleas-
anton ; ,$20
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare.... $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Ranch cook, country, fare here, $25; house-
girl, country, $25, fare paid; second girl, nice
American family, Oakland, $25; houseglil,
nice place, Martinez, party here, $20; house-
girl. Mountain View, Santa Clara Co., party
. here, $20, and many places, for girls and
" women to select places for housework, second
work, city and country, best of wages
C. R. HANSEN & CO ....429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
WANTED — 8 waitresses for resorts $20 $25;
cook, small resort, $35. see party office Mon-
day 10 o'clock; 4 «mall hotel cooks, short
distance, country. $30; 2 parlor maids, coun-
try, $2f>, $30; 8 second girls, $20. $25; 10 ho-
stel and restaurant waitresses, $25, $30; laun-
dress for Institution, $25; 2 chambermaids
and s waiting/ for Institution, j $20; cleaning
woman. $20 and found ; cook and second girl, '
same house, 4 in family- .30, $25; 2 nurse-
girls, $15, $20; housework, San Rafael, $25:
Ssusalito. $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st. *
HAIR . ventilator and ' worker, city; 4 cham-
bermaids, city. $20; 3 waitresses, springs.
$20, fare advanced; 6 waitresses city $20;
COAST EMP. CO., 502 Taylor St.; phone
Black 2194.
A NUMBER of bright girls will be taken for
Inrtruction on overalls and shirts, with a
stated amount guaranteed while learning.
Standard ' Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove sts. ¦ . . .
EXPERIENCED t>ieat"lca. mgr. | wants lady
or gent .with some capital for road attrac-
tion; chance for amateur to advance. Box
064, Call office, i
OPERATORS on muslin underwear, also learn-
ers, paid while learning; . constant work
. summer and -winter. G. W. REYNOLDS,
597- Mission St.. corner Second.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, hairwork: splendid position In stores
- and with private customers, $50 to $75, mo. ; 2
j weeks $3; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 34.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for shirtwaist and
fancy - goods departments. Apply between
8:30 and 10 a. m., R. D. DAVIS & CO., cor.
Geary st. and Grant ave. ¦{,¦;-
LADY from 45 to 55 years will treat free for
. wrinkles; no surgery or electricity used. -Har-
¦ rls Institute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter St.,
Bowhay building. .
WANTED — First-class laundress In a private
•: family; must have city ref.; Swedish prefer-
red. Monday, 10 to 12 a. m., 621 Leavenworth.
MOTHERS Interested In their daughters' fu-
ture we advise to see the maker and designer
-. : of_ladles' gowns and corsets at 1240 Polk st.
.WANTED — Active young woman to learn walt-
j In* at table; first month. $15; second month,
|. $20; third month, full pay. ; 725 Market st.
YOUNG, girls' for. light work; paid weekly;
cheerful work rooms. Gantner & Mattern
Knitting Co., 1017 Hyde st.
LADIES copy letters home, $4 to $6 weekly:
. send stamped envelope. Monarch "Novelty
• Co.,. Department 114, Chicago.
WHOLESOME, Intelligent lady over 25. of
good character and standing, for high-grade
position. Box 985, Call office.'
WANTED— Lunch and dinner waitress. 6 hours
• a day, $25 per month; also regular waitress.
, 725 Market st. . -.-.- : . .
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
¦ ily; call 10 to 12 a. m. 15 Noe st-: Haight-
. st. car. . ' /
SEAMSTRESS, plain sewing. 1817 Devlsadero
street. ' ' . .'
APPRENTICES, girls; plain sewing. 1817 De-
1 visadero street. . ¦.-.,•¦•'¦
WANTED — An experienced .waitress. : Apply
- ' 712 Sutter street. ¦.--.:-' "_¦¦¦"
GIRL or middle-aged woman for general work
1 in small family. 1*. Metcalf place. ' ;
WANTED — Apprentice girl for sewing room.
¦ Apply store, 107 Post st. • ¦ . • .
IMPROVER and young girl to learn dress-
1 making.. MME. NELSON. 1017 Geary st.
GIRL ~ A for general* housework; small family;
sleep home.' 485 Fellst. -
MILLINERY — Wanted, first-class makers. Ad-
; : -dress box 1758.' Call 'office. i . ¦ '
FIRST-CLASS finishers. 22 Grant ave. .
WANTED— A chambermaid. Call . bet. 9 and
ti;' wages. $17 a month. 110 Eddy st. ' .
WANTED— Waitress at 1007 Market st
WAITRESS wanted: $8 a week.' 631 Clay st.
SHIRT waist makers; custom work; good pay;
' work given home. MAYER, 231 Post st. ¦¦
GIRL -for general housework- and cooking;
j wages $25.- 1636 Ninth st.; Alameda. :.
GIRLS wanted ; must have experience at past-
ing. ¦ Apply trunk factory, lfth and Shotwell."
¦ "~~ — T~ — ' ;.-;'-'•; — —^ .-
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE . TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
-".; LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
1 4 LEVI, STRAUSS &, CO.,^32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DA VIS. .: .- . '
j LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
:-.'• ' aeftrtlon ;Sgoo<1 opportunity r for ' right party,
i ;. ; ' V. PERSON.- room 412. Parrott ' building; . ,
.;LEARN f proorreadlng; sits, secured, '$15 to $25
• .-. • wkly: •'. Home ', Correspondence ; School. ¦-• Phila."
HBtP WAJHTED— FEMAliE— Con.
WANTED— A competent woman to do general
housework in private family. Address-box
941. Call office. ' ......
$25 TO $35 week guarantd. ; theatrical; B ladles
and 3 gents' no experience necessary. Caki-
wetl CoUege 'Oratory & Acting. 1327 Market.
EXPERIENCED blanket weavers wante4Ap-
ply Santa Rosa Woolen Mills. Santa Rosa.
BANDERS and binders on Eurekas. Carson
Glove Co.. 35 Market at. £
GLOVE makers wanted. 'Carson Glove Co.,
35 Market st. '
NURSE girl for two children. $12; references.
1714 Geary st. '.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family.' 623 Halght st. -
WANTED— Experienced Jacket hand on alter-
ation work. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.' ¦ , - ¦
WANTED— First-class suit and waist seam-
stress? Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. ai
HALE BROS.' ¦
WANTED— Ventilator and hair worker. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
WANTED— Experienced be ~
tween 8 and 11 a..m. at HALE BROS .
GIRLS~ ABOUT 18 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
I»EVI STRAUSS A CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS. -.' . /
WANTED— Lady partner for mountain resort;
must have some money; land deeded. AO-
dress box 805. Call office.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. . 27 Geary st. ,
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary at.
EXPERIENCED operator on gents' custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson'*. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Experienced shtrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market ft. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
. received at Call br«nch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 1096
' Valencia st. .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT THE.CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St.. near Call bldg.. phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS ......:.
FREE FARE FREE FARE....
10<l teamsters. Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 23 day
50 concrete men $2 25 day
Office fee, $1 No other expenses.
Setter or screw turner, sawmill, Slsklyou
Ccunty $50 per month and found
2 doggers .$57 60 per month and found
2 booktenders ..$57 60 per month and found
10 lumber pliers $2 to $2 25 per day
-Camp cook -for 5 men $25
Teamsters and laborers, city - $2
6 paving-block makers $2 25 per day,
fare $1, batch or board where they please.
All kinds of hotel and restaurant help, city.
Office open to-day till 12 m
CAL. -EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
AT q. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
Free Fare Free Fare
New Railroad Work
FOR NEVADA ,
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con- '
crete men $2 and $2 25 day
2 cranemen for steam shovel. * $90 and found
3 blacksmiths '. . .$3 a day
1 5 carpenters $3 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK..
500 tunnelmen, machine men, drillers,
' muckers, outside laborers, $1 75 to $3 day
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush »t.
A — STEWARD, $75 a month; elevator boy. $10.
room -and board; colored waiters, city hotel;
4 musicians, with own instruments, for road
show. COAST EMP. CO.. 502 Taylor St.;
phone Black 2194. -_
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Third cook, $40; vegetable cook. $30; dish-
washer, $25; storekeeper, $30; office open
Sunday 9 to. 11 a. m.
YOUNG man of good address who can furnish
California references can obtain steady em-
ployment as solicitor for a large fraternal
organization; salary or commission will be
paid to the right party; must be a good
talker. -Address box 992, Call office.
WANTED — Boys to learn the grocery business;
16 years and over; must be bright, clean,
obedient and active. Call on GOLDBERG.
BOWEN & CO., 432 Pine st. at 0 o'clock
Monday morning. ...
A SALESMAN. that can sell' liquors: one with
' trade and experience preferred; one that can
"deliver the goods": no' has-beens ; a splendid
opportunity to a clean cut salesman. Box
812, Call office. " j .
WANTED — A solo cornet player for band of
. battleship Wisconsin. Call on or address L.
KOPF, bandmaster; launches leave Folsom-
st. dock at 10:30 a. m.. 1:15 and 3 p. m.
ENERGETIC workers in every locality to dis-
tribute circulars, samples, . . booklets, etc. ;
good pay; permanent occupation.' Distribu-
ters' League. New York.
WANTED — Retail salesman familiar with tea
and coffee, grocery or crockery business; give
line most familiar with and experience. Box
9G8, Call office. -
WANTED — Young man as stock clerk by
wholesale neckwear . house; references re-
quired. Address, stating age, qualifications,
box 067. Call office.
I 1 YOUNG persons to train as newspaper artists
with DAN MCCARTHY, the famous cartoon-
ist; write for free lesson summer rates. 87
I World building.- New York.
WANTED — A sticker hand, a band sawyer and
shaper, carpenters. Eagle Planing Mills.
Franklin and Fourth sts.. Oakland.
i WANTED — Boys, girls, young men and solder-
j ers. .Apply American Can Co., factory Sev-
enth and Townsend sts., city.
.WANTED — Man of some experience to handle
'agency work with -prominent : building and
loan ass'n.; city; liberal contract. 995. Call.
MAN acquainted with llqtlbr trade for attrac-
tive opportunity; interview if satisfactory.
Box- 1527. Ca» office. .
6 STENOGRA PHER for machinery house; young
man; state age, experience, salary expected.
Box 031. Call office.
WANTED — Strong boy about 16 years old for
wholesale business; chance for advance-
I ment; state age. Box 983, Call office.
DRUMMER for attractive side line; no sam-
ples. Call or address' W-. N. TEN EYCK
301 California St. . "
i WANTED — Experienced eierK for drug sun-
dries and rubber goods. Apply Monday to
superintendent. Emporium.
MAGNIFICENT opportunity for gentleman and
clever boy to begin dramatic career. For
conditions, address "Star," box 984. Call.
WANTED— Good accordeon player for country
dance hall : wages $30 and found. Box 151
Benlcla. Cal. % ,
CLEAN. Intelligent Japanese boy to do plain
cooking and light housework In small family
Call Monday morning. 1924 Baker at.
BRIGHT willing boy for crockery store $"0
month. 628 Market st.
STRONG boy. grocery. German preferred* call
Sunday. FLYNN BROS.. Mariposa & Bryant.
ERRAND boy. must make himself useful In
store. Call Monday. 635 Valencia st.
RESPONSIBLE party ' acquainted with retail
grocers for, good position. Box 1526. Call.
WANTED— A man to cook for 4 or 5 men-
wages $15 a month. Call 600 Halght st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1387 Velencla st •
good wa;es. " ¦' - '
PANTS presser wanted by.S.N. WOOD & CO
Apply at factory. 27 Geary st. .
WANTED— Man as gardener. Apply 101 Rart-
WANTED— Active boy to tend store and learn
trade. 1612 Devlsadero st. * m
BOY to learn the' harness making trade 12SS
Folsom st.
Tw-Sg^oSySt: dlnner - and regu! "
WANTED— Trustworthy person In each county
to manage business established house solid
financial standing; bona fide weekly cash sal-
ary; $18 paid each Wednesday with all ex-
penses, direct from headquarters; money ad-
" vanced .Cor expenses. Manager. 359 Caxton
bldg.. Chicago. „
BRIGHT young man as partner In profitable
brokerage office; $2^0 cash required; good
-chance to suitable party. ¦- 318. Kearny. r. 1.
Engineers, firemen, machinists, electricians—
New: 40-page pamphlet containing: questions
asked, by Examining Board Engineers; sent
— free. Geo. ZeUcr.. Publisher. St. Louis. Mo.
A GENTLEMAN of • indomitable energy and
push-.^good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to $25
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
WANTED— Driver solicitor, on commission, for
dyeing and cleaning wep-ks. 1643, Market st.
WANTED— Military tailors at 2820 Greenwich
street.,
WANTED— Boy about 10 for wholesale house.
• Address, stating age and experience, box
Ii45. Call .office.' . . - ' ,. -¦¦ ¦ . -
WANTED— Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper.- Apply between 8 and 11
' a: m. at HALE BROS.'
HELP WASTED--MALE--Coa.
A— .." SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
MAY 10. 1802.
HOME AGAIN
... ...MURRAY & READY A %
. Respectfully wish ' to-day to call th«ir I
many thousand customers' «^. p
EMPLOYERS' AND EMPLOYES'
Special attention to the fact of the return
to California and our business of our Mr.
Ready, who during the past eighteen months
baa been studying
THE GREAT CAPITAL AND LABOR
QUESTION
in all its branches— from the smallest to the
largest; from the small employer to the-
gigantic trust syndicates and corporations-
each class separately and collectively la
every
STATE OF THE UNION
.. Mexico, Canada, England, Scotland. Ireland!
Belgium, France, Germany and all her pro-
vinces, Switzerland, Italy and her provinces
Spain, Portugal, Austria-Hungary and their
provinces and many other countries; their
methods ' of supplying and shipping of
labor, etc.
With the long experience and the in-
creased knowledge of the labor question, we
believe we shall be able to give you in
fact the general public at large and both
employer and employe — entire satisfaction
We are not forgetting the fact we are
servants of both employer and employe,
whose instructions, advice, etc.. we at all
times appreciate, giving our utmost atten-
tion in selecting and shipping help: also in
selecting suitable places for every applicant
sparing neither time nor expense In so doing
Thanking each and every patron for all
past favors we await continuance of same.
Respectfully. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A MURRAY & READY
Phone Main 6848 634-636 Clay st.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office open S a. m. to-day, Sunday....
. 6000 mil) 8000 men
Wanted Fivo Thousand Men ....Want:^
Ccme One Gome A'.if
Free to I
Beautiful Sierra Nevadas and
SALT LAKE-NEVADA DIVISIONS
- ..Climate the best; fresh and Invigorating..
First-class Food and Accommodations. . . .
Steady Work Good Wagea
You Will Suit Great Crowds Going
Are You? Are You? Are You?
For S. P. R. R.. Santa Fe R.R.. C. P. R. R.
350 drillers. Nevada Free- far*
250 hammersmen. Nevada ........Free far-*
186 car dumpers, Nevada .........Free fara
453 concrete men, Nevada Free fare
6 crane men, $90, Nevada Free fare
1605 teamsters. Nevada Free fare
1605 laborers. Nevada Free fare
86 carpenters' helpers. Nevada. .. .Free far*
43 masons' helpers, Nevada.. Fre« fare
194 rockmen. Nevada Free far*
97 laborers to mix concrete. Nevada.Free fare
Wages .. %2. $2 25, »2 60. »3 day .. Wages
1 Fee $1 Fee No other expense*
NOW TO THE
GREAT SANTA FE R. R.
S3 laborers, etc.. for track work, board la
hotel m
COME SEE MURRAY & READY.
To-day. Sunday 634-636 Clay st.
A .TO THE -
MINES ' MINES
GOLD. SILVER, COPPER, etc.. GOOD JOB3
29 miners $82 50
84 laborers, no experience required, $60; and
all other help used In mines; come, see.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63S Clay it.
AGAIN WE SHIP TO
38 DIFFERENT SAWMILLS ft WOOD*
197 laborers, no experience, you'll suit. $30 t»
$35 and found; .cut-off sawyers, snipers, Al
men ; swampers, shingle packers and all other
classes of help used tn woods, mills, wharves
and yard. $30. $35. $40. $50. $6O.$70, $80, $90.
CALL EARLY MURRAY & READY,
CROWDS GOING 634-636 Clay st.
A— WHAT WE DID FOR OTHERS WE CAM
DO FOR YOU _
We gave employment 4"_
1897 to upward of 17,000 men
1898 to upward of 19,000 men ...-.
1399 to upward of 21.000 men........
1900 to upward of 35.000 men
' 1901 to upward of 37.000 men
FREE FARE MECHANICAL DEPT.
29 blacksmiths, see boss to-day. Sunday, for
shops, camps, mines, ranches, foundries. $2.
$2 50. $3 day and $00 to $82 and found
6 blacksmiths'- helpers $2 and $2 60 day
12 carpenters, shop, house, boat and 5 rough
carpenters $3 50. $3. $2 50 day
3 bench hands, planing mills $3 day
3 wood workers, lathe hands; 3 carriage
painters, $3; 5 men to make wire beds; ma-
chine men; cabinetmakers; 3 boat carpenters.
OPEN MURRAY & READY.
TO-DAY. SUNDAY. 634-636 Clay st.
A HAYMAKING
TO FARMS AS USUAL VINEYARDS
Orchards, dairies, stock ranches, hop, vege-
table and other gardens we are shipping hun-
dreds of men
. 5«4 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $2(5 to
$33; U4 milkers, butter and cheese makers.
$30 to ?40
Come 23 choremen and boys Come', See
36 haymakers and mowers, etc. .$1 25 day
36 haymakers and mowers .\.
;•:• — ' .'-.#. — $1 25 day and found
4 farmers, dairymen and wives, $45. $50 and
found; 3 can washers; choreman, cheese fac-
tory. These places are located all over Cali-
fornia, Arizona. Nevada and other States.
SOME FOR BANKS. SYNDICATES. ETC.
We Supply MURRAY & READY.
4362 Farms. 631-633 Clay st.
A — FOR San Francisco and all parts of Cali-
fornia and other States, we want 386 labor-
ers and teamsters. some .board home.
$2 25. $2. $1 75 day. $30. $40 and found
26 scraper teamsters $30 and found
3 handy men..* 4 sack sewers
..Roustabounts. choremen, boy for grocery..
STABLE— LIVERY— PRIVATE. ETC.
28 setablemen. harness cleaners, buggy wash-
ers, etc.. livery and private. «50. $t>0— $.10 *:f?
¦ and found; 3 milk wagon drivers; 15 section
R. R. hands: 29 quarry men. $60; sexton for
Catholic - church; gardener.
Best Places at MURRAY &' READY
Best Wages at.- 634-636 Clay St..
A— HOTEL. BAKERY. LAUNDRY. SALOON
AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS. /
3S cooks. 1st. 2d. 3d. for hotels, cafes, res- L
taurants. R. R. nouses, mines, R. R. camps O
. hospitals, etc.. In Arizona, California. Nevada, T
Washington. Oregon, etc.. $65, $60. $50. $45.
$35, $30, $23 and found; bedmakers: 26 dish-
washers, kitchen hands, etc.. $20-$30 and fd.
BELL AND ELEVATOR BOYS— PORTERS
1st, 2d and 3d hand bakers; 2 roustabouts,
usual wages: hundreds of other position. If
you want work come, see . ¦
Work for MURRAY & RBADT,
Everybody 634-636 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale; $40; object going a>way.
1353 Bush st. ¦ ; '
WANTED — Amateur musicians to- Join mili-
tary reed band. Apply '323 Bush at, 't_M
floor, room 4. •>< .
WANTED — Reliable young man with sara*
cash; plain work; no experience required; IIS
- week; steady place. BROWN, 1221 Market.
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted; good wortcsaan; to
run gallery. Box 951. Call office.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trad*.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st,
DISHWASHER: first class. Capital Restaa*
rant. 200 McAllister at. •
1000 MEN wanted to buy army shoes at TSo •
pair. 1155 Market st. ... .
WANTED — First-class wash goods salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m, at « a t.»}
BROS.' ¦ . -
WANTED — Bright boy from 18 to 13 years at
age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 3 and 11 a- m. at
HALE BROS'. . . . - .
WANTED — First-class wrapper. S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 718 Market St.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
rrice. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23o
to 60c. 563 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle,
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates eara
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., except Sunday. St. Nicholas Hotel.
room 237. 1606 Market St. ____'^
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. .U? 1 * 1 - *
S. navy; ablebodted. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st., San -Francisco.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to kno>»
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 130 targ*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ¦
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
cows. Address box 34, lone. Amador Co.. Cat.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Solicitor. Call at 1?T^ Pacific sC.
between S and 10 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart it.
PENSION atty.. E. A, Bullls. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St.. nr. 3th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lM-',\
Valencia st. ' r*<VJ
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch nfnef. —00 FUlroor*.
For Employment Wanted, Etc.,. Se*
Page Thirty-Eight.THE SAN FRANCISCO^GAL^:/^^DAY^^AY-,il^3l9OS ?
37
REAL . ESTATE— CITY—FOR . SALES,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
' - ¦ 638 Market Bt.
j, ¦": auction! . * •
, AUCTION. ¦
TUESDAY .* . .... . .MAY . 20, 1902.
. At our- salesroom, No. «3S Market st. "
At 12 o'clock noon.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION " FLATS."
South side (Nos. 727, 729) Hayes st. and
north side {No. «50) Linden ave.. 11U. ft. west
of Buchanan st. — Two modern flats of 6 rooms
and bath on. Hayes St. and a cottage of 4 rooms
on Linden ave., renting exceedingly low at
$720 per annum; large lot 27:6x120 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Southwest line <Nos. 42, 42A and 12B) Gil-
bert st, 105 ft. northwest of Brannan st —
Three well-built flats ot 5,3,3 rooms* and a
rear house of 2 rooms, renting for $4S0 per
annum.
ALSO. '. ¦"'•¦¦
Southwest line (No. 44) Gilbert st. SO ft
northwest of Brannan st. — Improvements con-
sist of 2-story frame building, ¦ containing two
flats of .U and 3 rooms; rents $360 per annum;
lots 25x.S0 ft. " each. These properties can be
bought separately or "as a whole." '. ¦
MORRIS AVENUE INVESTMENT. "
West line <Nos. 112. 112W) Morris ave.,' 135
ft. south ot' Bryant st— Two substantial .well-
built flats, containins 5 and 4 ¦ rooms each,
gas, etc.; renting for $264 per annum; lot
20x75 It.
CARL STREET, BUILDING LOTS. .
North line Carl st, 104 ft. east of Cole — Six
large lots, level and ready for - building," in a
neighborhood in which over 75 per cent of the
improvements are new and modern; surrounded
by elejrant homes; close to Golden Gate Park
and the Affiliated Colleges; lot 25x137:6 each.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line (Nos. 1109-11) Turk st, 87:6 ft.
west of Lasuna — Two -modern 'flats ' of 10 a.nd
6 rooms and bath; key lot to Laguna st. : rents
$1080 per annum; lot 25x90 feet.
. MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
West side of Castro st., 25 ft. north of • Jer-
sey — A handsome piece of unimproved property,
directly opposite the Castro-st carhouse. and
on which stores and flats or a lodging-Tiouse
would pay well: lot S7xS0'ft." .
TWENTY-FOURTH STREET COTTAGE.
South side (No. 3521) 24th Bt, 115 ft. west
of San Jose ave. — Fine cottage of 4 rooms. In
first-class condition. This is a bargain for
buyers of this class of property; street bltum-
inized; lot 25x109 ft
MISSION WARM BELT BUILDING LOT.
East line of Sharon st. 145 ft. north of
16th . and between Church and Sanchez — Ele-
gant level building lot. which would pay well
if improved with small flats; lot 25x125 ft.-
RICHMOND HOMES.
East line (No. 32S) 5th ave., 275 ft south of
Clement st. — Elegant cottage of 5 rooms and
bath with attic and basement; desirably lo-
cated and modern; lot 25x120 ft.
. South line (No. 107) California St., 57:6 ft.
west of 2nd ave.— Modern cottage, with brick
foundation of 5 rooms, porcelain bath, high
basement, etc. : four, car lines within one block
of this property; lot 25x100 ft.
West side (No. 231) 2nd ave.. 250 ft north of
Clement st.— Modern cottage of 5 rooms^ and
bath, basement, brick foundation; lot 25x120 ft.
GOLDEN GATE PARK LOTS. • - ,
Northwest corner of ->7th ave. and' D st.—
Nine elegant corner lotf. facing Golden Gate
•Park •' 132:6x200 ft. This property being only
a- few blocks from the terminus of the electric
rars has a fine future and will double In value
| in the: next year. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE 4 -CO..
$15,000— California st, near Polk; grand key
lot 50x137:6 ft; old Improvements pay
$1020 per annum; grand site for a
family hotel; would consider a trade
of Western Addition residence as part
payment.
$11,500 — Three modern well-built flats of 5-6-7
rooms and bath on Jackson st, east
of Van Ness ave.; sanitary plumbing,
etc.; rents $1290 per annum.
(9 000— Two well-built modern houses of 8 and
9 rooms and bath on Bush st, near
Laguna; lot 37:6x137:6; rents $1290
per annum.
$27,500— Lot and improvements, north line of
O'Farrell st, near Mason; 27:6xl3i:6;
¦feet
$45,000— Sutter st, near Stockton ; lot 37x6x
100 feet.
$7,250 — Reduced for Immediate sale; ah ex-
tremely ¦ well-built home of 0 large
rooms and bath on the north side of
. Washington st, near Webster. This
property was built by a contractor for
. his -own home ¦ and is first-class In
every respect; lot 25x92:4% feet.
$7,800 — Must be sold to close an estate on
Bush st., near Broderick; handsome
sunny residence of 10 rooms and bath.,
substantially built, ,well planned and'
in good condition; rents $540 per an-
num; large lot 52x97 feet ¦
Pays over 13% per annum — Seven flats' of 4-3
rooms and bath; reduced from $6000
for immediate sale, asking $5250; well
built and in first-class condition; al-
ways rented; near 7th and Harrison
ets.; lot 50x80 feet.
Pays over 1."% per annum — Six flats of 3 rooihs
each, near 9th and Bryant; always
rented; bargain; lot 25x80 feet
PROBXTE SALE OF LOTS.
$4,250 — Corner on Sanchez St., near 18th; lot
54 :2xlO* feet ¦ •
$2,250 — Choice lot on Green st, near Fillmore;
32:6x137:6 feef
$2,000— Dolores, near ISth: 29x110 feet.
$1,700 — Key lot on Green st, near Steiner:
27:6x137:6* feet
$150 each — Three lots on San Bruno road,
Cortland ave. ; level and ready for
building.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COi,
• 638 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS..'. .108 Montgomery st
ELLIS STREET. ¦ .
Fine residence of 7 large rooms: n#rth side
of Ellis St., near Buchanan; could be easily
changed into flats; price only $7000.
AN INVESTMENT.
One of the best-known private hotels in the
city; fine corner lot; owned by estate; bringing
good income; heirs anxious to sell; this splen-
did property can be bought at a bargain; price
$100,000. ... -' v ~ "-"
ONLY $1000.
5-room cottage, near 12th and Harrison sts. ;
needs some repairing; fine chance for carpenter.
, A snap — In Mission - warm b«lt;- fine corner
on Twenty-first st, near Valencia;, 12-room
house; property stands the owner over $9000;
would 7 make a fine business corner; price re-
duced to $5750 to make a quick sale.
WALLER-ST. HOME. NEAR SCOTT.
Two fctorles and basement; 7 rooms and bath-
in fine condition; lot 30x110; will exchange for
smaller property; price $5250. . , .-
RICHMOND LOTS
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves.; very cheap lots; $700 and up-
ward; street work all done; send. for plats.
' MASON ST.. NEAR UNION.
Three-story house; 2 frontages; cheap; $4000
. PANHANDLE COTTAGE. ¦ ¦
Fine 8-room cottage on north side of street:
sunny key lot; price $6000, or will take unim-
proved Panhandle property; no reasonable offer
refused. . " . . ¦ " ,-. . ¦ ¦
SHRADER STREET. :
Best block; fine modern flats, 6 and 6 rooms-
rent $57 50; price $6250. '
CORNER LOT.
On Pacific Heights, 30x110; fine marine
view ; price $4500. ... • . . ¦
FULTON STREET.
Lot on Fulton St., near Flllmore; 32: 6x137 -.6-
price $3750. .
TWENTIETH-ST. LOTS.
Two lots,, all ready to build on, 50x114' - be-
tween Church and Sanchez sts. ; price $750 each.
Two good lots on Alvarado st, between ' 22d
and 23d, 50x114 feet;ia snap.
DEVISADERO ST.. NEAR GEARY.
Lot and improvements; 55x100 feet; fine
business property; price $10,500; make offer
ON ASHBURY ST.
¦ 87x90 feet; a cheap lot; only $1500.
CLAY STREET.
In Presidio Heights; 25x102 feet; price $"1750 •
very cheap. i • ' • \ '
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery at, San Francisco. I -
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, seventh floor. Mills building.
$90,000 — Downtown business property near
Market st; first-class improvements
paying under present low lease nearly
- 6 per cent net; a gilt-edge Investment
$15,000— Northwest- corner Pine st. ; 2-story
and basement residence, -10 rooms-
every room sunny and light. '
$11,000— O'Farrell-st. corner; stores and flats;
annual rents $1104; a fine property. •
$10,000- ; — Folsom. near 6th; -stores and rooms-
annual rents $960. : ¦ '
$7,750— Broderick, near McAllister; modern
' - residence, 12 rooms; furnace; very
desirable.
$8,250 — Southeast corner Green and Fillmore •
68:9x87:6. .
$5,000 — 21st,. near Noe ;»7 rooms and attic.
$4,500— 21st, near Noef 2-story dwelling, T
' rooms and- attic. "
$3.000 — Entire block In Sunset District: cheap
$600 per lot; • 10 fine -lots in "Richmond.
; on 19th, 22d and 23d; aves. y
$4.000 — York St., near 24th ; Mission warm
belt; bay-window residence, 3 rooms <•
$3,100 — Welsh Bt. near 4th; 5 flats. , ,
OR A YMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.. Mills bldg.
FOR Sale— As a whole or In eubdi visions, ; 60-
vara lot, south line Union st; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot; northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103 : 6x137 : 8 •-• feet. Inquire • of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate . Broker,
324 Montgomery st. ..,¦..._ vl* -t.
2 LOTS In Holly Park, one block from Mission;
- cheap for. cash.' Lorin Station. Berkeley, Cal.
REAL 'ySTATE- -CITY— -JFOR SALE.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO..
• ; 20 ¦ Montgomery Street.
- FINE BUSINESS CORNER. .'•*..
$32.500— Rent $240 a month; downtown cor-
ner; brick improvements; only U tenants; al-
ways rented. ¦¦ ~[ ;'-•:.">-
BUILDERS. ATTENTION!
.60-vara lot, 137:6x137:6; corner of O'Farrell
and Fillmore sts. ; ? 20,000 cheaper than uppo-
slti corner.
ELEGANT CORNER RESIDENCE.
$11,500 — Modern 2-story residence of 12
rooms and bath;, also stable; best part of
Western Addition; on Jackson street.
;vV-: A PICK-UP.
$3700— Rent 535; Natomast; key at Third-
street frontage : worth $9000.
: , ¦ HERE'S A SNAP.
$10,500 — Rents «uu a month; 0 fine houses,
cost alone over $9000 to build; V, of lot vacant;
close to Van Ness ave. .,. i ',;7.
A FEW GOOD BUYS. -f.
$S00— House and lot, near Pacific and Hyde.
$4(00— 17th, near Castro; improvements cost
$3500; lot 60x75.
$2000— House and lot. 37:6 ft. front: Filbert,
near Hyde st.
$1750— House and lot, near Montgomery ave.
and Lombard st. .
MISSION-STREET. INVESTMENT!
$5750 — For 2-story house; strictly business
block; alter at small cost into store and flats;
pay handsome; must. sell this week.
v, ¦ .-. . ¦ — — .... a-
GROCERY CORNER.
$8500— Rent $90; above rent at expiration of
lease;, corner sxocery and bar: rear new wire
workB, employing over 700 hands; only one
tenant -. •
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
?5S0O — Rent ?6O 50 a month; store and
flat, close to Folsom and 4th: same tenant for
years; never idle; "eood building.
CHOICE FLATS.
$9500 — Rent $82 50 a month; Scott st, oppo-
site Girls* High School; with fine lawn; sunny
and always rented.
¦A. :-.-.'-- - _____ - - # ¦
$7900 — Franklin st, near Hayes: 35 ft front-
age; 3 houses and a stable: rent $69 50; must
sell; - no reasonable offer refused.
SIXTH-STREET BARGAIN.
$6000; rent $45; store and upper floors; rent
can be raised; owner anxious to sell; see this
at once.
HOWARD-STREET BARGAIN.
$18,500 — Rent J100 to $125 a month; large
corner, near 6th st: fine building, which alone
almost cost the money; formerly rented at
$175 a month.
SIXTH STREET.
$13,000— Large lot. 50x160 to rear street lees
small L; present rent $75; by spending small
amount rent could be doubled.
FORCED SALE.
$3800 — Rent ?36; butcher shop and flat;
owner leaving city: must sell' at once.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
. » 20 Montgomery st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON. ~" ~ ~*
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
I MASONIC-AVE. RESIDENCE.
$6,700 — Fine new 2-«tory, attic and basement
house of 10 rooms on main floors; bil-
liard-room In basement: beautiful
garden and grand marine view.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.-
$7,000 — Rents $54; 4» houses of 5 rooms and
bath each: large lot 80x60; bank-mort-
" . gage of 540C0 can remain.
HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
$6,500— House of 10 rooms and bath: new
- plumbing; rent $40 per month; a choice
investment upon which a large profit
i should be realized.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$5,000— Lovely cottage of 7/ rooms, porcelain
bath; 2 totlets; concrete basement and
yard; Scott, near Hayes.
' LARKIN-ST. LOTS.
$2,500 each — Three elegant level lots, near
Pacific ave.; 25x87:6; only $100 per
front foot -
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
$2.600 — Store and flat of 6 rooms; In fine con-
dition; near Fourth and Folsom. '
CHEAP LOTS. • ¦
$850— Church, near Twenty- third; 25x75.
$1,750— Seventeenth, near Diamond; 29x75.
$750 — Seventeenth, near Douglass; 25x85.
$2.600— Haight, near Baker; 25x100.
$2,250— Folsom, near 25th; 25x122:6.
HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
$5,000— Lot 50x75, with coaf yard, house and
stable: rents $30; lot alone worth $7500.
CHEAP FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
$4,000— Lot 38x75; only 3 blocks from City
Hall; just the place for stores and
flats.
- LAGUNA-ST. CORNER FLATS.
$11,000 — Two elegant new flat3, 6 and 7 rooms
each: rents $S5 per month.
.,- - INSIDE PROPERTY.
$52.000— Rents $285; new 4-itory building down
. town; large lot. 63x137:6. .
CLAY-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE.
$7.500— Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; large
lot. 30x110.
. WEBSTER-ST. FLATS. „
$13,500 — Rents $115; tenants pay water; S new
flats, 7 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
xlOO.
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
IDENCE.
$30,000— Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
latest appointments; only Just com-
pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
. - ticulars at office.
CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
$2,750 — Corner of California st. and 4th ave. ;
64x100; a snaD.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS. .; ' ~
$1,000— Rents $822 per annum; 4 flats of 3
and 4 rooms and bath each; always
rented: lot 32:7x137:6.
FILLMORE STREET INVESTMENT.
$6,500 — Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
48xSl:3.
' O. D. BALDWIN & SON.
CENTER & SPADER.
: 11 Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$50,000— Larkin st, not far from Ellis; substan-
tial Improvements; pays 5 per cent;
large lot, over 50 feet front; particu-
lars at office. *&'> /'- t S
Pacific .ave. — Choice corner 50-vara lot. inside
Octavia, 127:Gxl37:G, commanding: fine
view of the bay; not another piece of
its size on tne avenue for sale; par-
- - ticulars to princisal at office.
$5,500 — Snap; rents. $600 per. annum: two
/ - '. modern fiats on 22d st., near Valen-
• da, 5 and 6 rooms: never vacan^; lot
25x114; this" property must be sold
immediately.
$15.000— Rents ?1450; Buchanan st; just fin-
ished; 3 up-to-date flats, 7, & and S
rooms; porcelain tubs; patent wash
' trays; - electric appliances, etc.; lot
; '25x110. .; . o
$6,500 — $720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
: ' ed; large lot. 44x80; Clara st, near
Sixth.
Block on Folsom' and 20th sts. and Treat ave.,
. In subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x93;
one-third cash, 6 per cent interest;
streets paved with bituminous rock,
and cement sidewalks.
$2.650 — Snap; 2-story house, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well st.. near 20th, renting for $20;
. lot 30x122:6; stable In rear; lot worth
.'" . price asked; don't miss this.
$3.700— Post st. near Scott; another snap; lot
23x87:6; ¦with two cottages: rents $25.
$12,500 — Choice NE. cor. Howard and 24th sts.';
¦ . modern building, flats and stores; rents
. - - $114: lot 35x92.
$7,500 — Howard st, near 24th: two 2-story
houses; rents $45; lot €0x02; 30 feet
unimproved; very. cheap.
$6,000— Rents $63 per month; store and flats
. . on Clementina st, nr. 4th; lot 25xS0;
very cheap. . , .
$8,000 — Laguna st. ; choice cor. residence; 10
rooms, baths, servants' rooms, bll-
. Hard- room and finished attic; lot 25x
'v - 100.
$6,000 — Oak st., nr. Fillmore; 2 modern bay-
window flats; 'rents $47 50; lot 2az
137:6.
; $2,350^-Choic« lot on Buena Vista ave.; «-
- * tensive view; large lot. 28x100.
¦•.:-.' V CENTER & SPADgR.
JOSEPH STRAUB. Real Estate Agent.
850 Market St.: telephone Grant 177.
¦ ' Rents Collected.
, $3,000— Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath,
ft, - on Clementina st. near 6th; lot 20x80.
$3 > 500__Two cottages on Filbert St., near Fill-
more; lot £6:8x120; two frontages.
$35,000— Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
, resldencet with stable; pays 9 per cent;
¦ . .- . owner must leave on account sickness.
$6,000 — Two-story house, 6 rooms, bath, base-
ment, laundry, garden; everything in
good order; lot 25x92; Buchanan st.
$8,500 — Jackson st., near Baker; three modern
flats; rents $81 50 per month.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
I rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x96; on
Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000. .
Mill Valley— Cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; lot
126x300: price $2000.
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
. . . JOSEPH STRAUB. 830 Market it.
$2000^-8TEJNER st. near. -Vallejo; lot ready
; for : building; 27 :6xllO. THE - MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market st. » '..-.'-
TO let — Cottage; stable: 2 -chicken-houses: 210
Chenery st; lot 160x320. J. B. LEWIS, 438
Montgomery st. : • •?..--. . - /
NICE cottage out in Mission; driveway and
-> stable attached; modern improvement*. 213
<-. Guerrero st.
A FINE rooming house: nets $300 per. mo.;
rent $60; price $4500; easy' terms. WELLS
. & SAUNDERS. 630 Market st , ..¦;-. ,. -.
SPLENDID , hotel and ; bar; ' rent . $T5; Income
$250: price $2500; easy terms. : WELLS &
SAUNDERS, 630 Market st. • V; - - *
$1500— COTTAGE i near Mission-st: car house.
TH-TMcCARTHY CO.. 648 Market at .-¦¦;>•.
HOUSE and two lots; 4 rooms, basement; near
•: - etectrlo .cars., Addresa : box • 949. . Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
¦ /Valencia at .;.. ¦.''-.; ¦'.,--¦.. - ; . ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- --received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALK.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS, ; i ' '
• ¦ ; ; ; ¦"•-.,.-'¦ . 218-220 Montgomery st.
We desire I to notify the buying, public that
we have a number of ' first-class investments
under contract at very low figures. . Principals
may call and set lull particulars.
$13,500— Fulton; near Steiner st. ; elegant mod-.
i ¦•-: •¦-.-.' ern residence of . 15 rooms and bath;
lot 37:6x137:6 feet; a bargain./
$2,850 — Douglass st.,"? near 17th: :good 2-stcry
. J ¦'¦ house of 7 rooms and bath, stable and
well; lot 54x137:6 to rear street; an-
- • other bargain. .' . - : •
$31,500— Bush, near Hyde st. ; 14 flats; . rents
. \ $205 monthly always rented;' lot 68x
; ' ' " : . il7. feet; fine investment. ' • ' •
$3,700 — California st.'. between First and Sec-
- . . ond aves. ; 2-story house, 7 rooins'and'
• bath: hard woe U floors; lot 23x62 :6 feet.
$3,500— Washington st. .near Cherry;, grand
-¦ ' marine view; lot ,35x118 feet; a pcsl-
' tive bargain. ' . ' •¦:'.« .:
$45,000— Jones st, near. Turk; lot 05x82 :tS feet;
... ¦'• frame improvements rent for $170 per
-. • '*-- month; -'-further ' particulars' at- ou*. of -
' -fice. .- - ••.-; •:;'-; ;' ¦ ¦ - : ' •':.- :
$6,750 — Leavenworth st, near Broadway; four
2-story houses in good' condition; rents
$54; lot 80x60 feet: \ -
$2,500— Zoe. st, bet. Bryant and Brannan and
.-.-: Third arid Fourth; "tenements; lent
$30; lot 25x70 feet; a bargain.
$18,000— McAllister, rear, Pierce; 3 elegant new
• flats, just finished; 6, 7. and 8 rocms
¦and baths; rents $155 mcnthly; lot
- '¦ 2f.xlOO ffret. . •: . : .
$10,750 — Twenty-second st, near. Valencia; a
snap: 4 flats on lot 44x114 and vacant
lot .adjoininc of 21x114 feet; flats rent
I ' > for $72; entire lot 05x114 feet; must
! sell to close estate: a bargain.
$4,750 — Clay st, near Fillmore; good 2-story
v % ' house'. 'of ~7' rooms and bath; lot 2T>x
\ 102:8»-i; best section in the Western
V Addition. : ¦ .
$5,750 — Sutter St.. near Lyon; 3-story house:
. stable; cottage in rear; total rent $50;
lot 27:*jxl37:6. , . "
$17.500— Devisadero st, near O'Farrell: 5 flats
¦ of 6, 7 rooms each; total rents $ltr»;
1 always rented; lot 50x125 and L 27:6x
45. - -
$10,500— Valencia st, near 19th; improvements
2 stores and 3 flats; -monthly rents
$70; lot 25x80 feet; pays 7 per cent
$4,750- : -Golden' Gtte ave., near Buchanan st;
" .frame residence; lot 27:6x137:6; a bar-
t ' gain. : . . - ¦ ".-,.-
$2,300 each— Dolores st, near 15th: lots
23x95 feet 'each; ready to build on.
$25,000— Mission st. -near.Sth; lot 39x160 feet
'. , to rear street; improvements brick
' building and 2 frame houses in rear;
¦fine investment. • * . ¦ ;
$6,500— Sutter st. near Octavia; 2-story bay-
window residence of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x110; rents $30.
$26,250 — Bush.st, near Taylor, N. line; im-
provements 3-story and basement reai-
• dence, 14 rooms and 2 baths, an-1 2-
. story frame residence of 7 rooms and
bat.h; lot -51:11x137:6 feet. Full par-
ticulars at this office. ' .
NW. corner Sutter, inside of Polk st. ; frortage
On three streets. *The most desirable
corner on' this street left for hotel
purposes. !
$6,500 — Haight st, near Pierce,' fine residence
' of 10 rooms and bath. Owner would
gtay as tenant at $45 per month on a
lease; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$1,200 — One-half of outside land block; 212x
240 feet irregular. A bargain for an
investor. \
$2,750 — Twenty-fourth st, nr. Diamond;.' cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
?2,S00 — Folsom Rt, rear- 15th: lot 25il22:6
feet; a bargain.
$25,0O0-^Franklin-st. corner, near Washington;
substantial residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths< hardwood floors; lot 55x137-6
$12,000— N. line\)f McAllister st. ; downtown ;
store and 2 flats; new; rent $92; pays
over 7 Der cent net.
$ll,000-^Seott st.. nr. Vallejo; two-story attic
and' basement residence of 12 rooms'
r and bath ; modern in all resDects ; full
particulars at office
$14,000— Jackson ¦ st, nr. Pqlk; fine modem
residence of 12 rooms and bath- will
rent for ?90; lot 35x127:8%; ¦ would
make fine location for doctor's office
and residence. -
$11,000— Pacific ave., nr. Octavia; 2-story at-
tic and basement residence of 9 rooms
and bath; lot 27:6x127:8%.
$3,000— Hayes st. nr.- Webster; -a fine build-
ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st., Mills bldg.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG, ~~-
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
RENTS COLLECTED, HOUSES RENTED and
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
624 MARKET STREET. . ¦
$4800 — Stevenson st, near 13th; 4 flats -con-
taining 3 rooms each; rents $42 per month; lot
25x77:6 feet. . .-.; . ; . ; ', .
$8000-^ Pacific ave., " near Octavia: fine "resi-
dence, containing 6 rooms and bathr* billiard
room: lot 25x87:6 feet. ¦ ' < .- : . • . ; ¦•••-¦
$2500 — Pond st*. near -Sixteenth; nice, cottage
of 6 rooms and bath; in first-class, condition:
lot 25x80. feet. . .
$6400t-Post Bt, near Devlgadero: 2 "choice
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and • bath ; rents $52 50
per month; lot 25x77:6 feet. : -¦-
$16,000— Octavia st, near Ellis; 3 new. up-
to-date flats; dome cellngs; fras and electricity:
tinted walls, marble steps; 8 and 9 rooms and
bath: Income $130 per month; lot 25x110 feet •
$3000 — Nineteenth st.l near Sanchez ; 2 flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents $26 per month-
lot 25x115 feet . i. .-,.-. , .
$3750 — McAllister st, near .Baker: store, 2
rooms in rear; rents $20 per month; lot 25x100
feet. "¦•.. , ' -,-
$11,000— Eddy st., near Laguna; 2 modern
flats and 2 rear houses; lot 25:9x120 feet; rents
$78 00 per month. ¦ ..'
$8500 — Eddy st, corner of Bourdln; 2 stores
and flats; lot 2SxlOO feet; rents $70 per month.
. $2750 — Eighteenth st, near Mission; cottage
'of 4 rooms and bath: lot 25x85 feet; rents $16
per month. - - : . -
$0500 — Dore et., near Harrison; 4 flats of 4
and 5 rooms; lot 37:6x85 feet; rents $58 Der
month. . :. : ¦ ;.. _
$6000— Folsom st. near Twentieth; 2 modern
flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents $52 50
per month: lot 25x95 feet. . ..
$2100 — Fourth ave.. near Point Lobos; 'cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; In fine condition: lot
25:3x120- feet. ; ' ... ' ¦
$4500— Folsom st, near 19th ; good 2-story
house of 8 rooms and bath: lot 30x132:6 feet
$5000 — Hermann st.;..lot 25x120 ft.; 2 front-
ages; 2 houses of 4 and 5 rooms and bath:
rents $40 per month.: , , .
$3250 — Harriet et., near, Harrison ; 4 flats* lot
25x75: rents $36.
1 $1600— Jersey, near Douglass; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; Tents $11 per month; can be
had on terms. . ': .. ' .
$3100 — Prosper st, near: 16th; cottage of 5
rooms and bath; lot 26x80 feet. ¦ : .
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.) '
improv 1 Id CALIFORnUst;
$12,750-f-McAlllster, near Stelner; 25xl37-6-
2 modern flats; rents $115. ¦'•..-.-¦ • ;
$10,500— Page, nr. Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
street;, house'of 8 rooms and bath. ¦¦' '
$10,250- : -Corner Third and Harrison; 20x37:6;
store and flat; rent $65. , ¦. ,
$10,000 — Fillmore. nr. Pacific: 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and batb; rent $65. - , -, . •
- $8250— Mason, near Pine ; 23x63 : 6 to • rear
street: house of : 9 rooms and ¦• 2f rear fiats-
rents $64. . ... - . ¦ ....•
$7000 — Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69; three-story
house; rents $75.. ....
?7500-^Clay, nr. Baker; 27:6x85; 2 bay-win-
dow flats; rents $55.- "..-...-" ' ,. .
$6250 — Vallejo, : nr. Mason ; DSxl37 :6, with L
39:6x60; flats and cottages; rents $06.
$5000 — Leavenworth st. • near Union; 25x
•112:6; 3 new fiats; rent $53. '
$5000 — Pacific ave., near Polk; 25x100; 2 flats
.'$4500 — Bartlett, nr. 24th; -25xll7-:6 to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents $38. : ' ; ' -•
. ./.M.nege; unimproved. -a?. ..;•¦: • •¦ • •:• •
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6xl3T:6
California; near Webster; 25x137:0
$9500— Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:6x
107:8V*."- ' ' '.
$9000 — Oth, near Harrison; 75x100.
$5000— Green, near Polk ; 50x115. -
$7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27xS8:ll
$5500 — Greenwich, near .Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6*
102:8%. ..- , ' ¦¦'¦"•-. • '. ..'.--
$;t5O0 — Devieadero, near Union ; 35x100. ,
- S2500— Union, nr., Webster; 34:4^x137:6.
$2100— Cor. 21st and Hampshire;' 25x97 :6.
, S2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114. -
'• $1400— McAllister,; near Wlllard; 25x100.
$1300 p« lot— Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth ; 2 lots, each 26 :8xl00.
$1000 — 17Jh. near Uranus; 25x100. . . %U ::-¦•.
$1000--Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 25x105.,
$000 per lot— York, near, Twenty-sixth; 2 lot«,
each 26:8x100. " • '
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
' 400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. ¦;' • - •; ' : ; .;
DECIDED BARGAINS, .
Lots $150 aod $250 each.' ' . ."
On $5 and $10 monthly payments.
You Will Be A8tonl8hed.\ . ' - • :
Inspect our, level lots in Excelsior Homestead.
:,; -•-••- Selling • very fast -¦
¦"-.Near MlB8ion-st- Electric 'Cars. :
.'i ' "Don't Walt; See Them, To-day. ' .. ...
No Grading ; all Fenced ; : Spring Valley Water. '
Get off cor.' Mission st. and Brazil ave.", w*lk
• : .short; distance to our lots, c .
-- SOL GETZ & BROTHER, , '
• Room 54, '; Chronicle * Bulldlnj. ' ¦
FINE residence " of * ten : rooms, furnished. ' and
I stable,* 'at San Anselmo;'- late • residence I of
,'.: Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D. \D. ; Apply ' to
" : CHAS. - A. BAILEY, 322 Montgomery St.'' or
ALEX. BOUICK, San Anaetao. . :. . -
BARGAIN— New B-fooni house, all modern im-
provementB ; i high • ftolshed • basement : on < oar.
[ line; email amount , cash, balance like ¦ rent. -
. Owner , on premises. . Chenery > & Fairmount
COME out and see those new up-to-date home's
". on Castro st, at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit -Apply,
' on premises, ;-v.*-. : v ' .^T;"L;! '"':'., :
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Bt
$38,000 — Rents $2520 per annum; large lot on a
street running level with Market and
,„_• close to City Hall; well improved. . -
?o000 — |th ave., near Clement Bt: splendid
cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
<KnnA roent. etC- . lot 2 5xl20. .
1 5WJ00— Rents $t500 per year; 22d st. near
t - Valencia; lot 25x114; 2 flats of 5 and 6
j rooms and bath each; also rear house
Sinnnn_j£« 4 . room8 and bath -
j *'"> wo — Mission warm belt; Liberty st, near
Valencia; large building, suitable for
doctor's private home or sanitarium;
«-i n^ lot 50x114. ¦ . -
$d,-M — Comer residence on 2:>d St.. near San-
chez; two-story bay-window house of 8
•*a«L;' rooms and bath: lot 37:9x65; bargain.
510,500 — Bush st, near Taylor; rents $90 per
month; splendid 3-story bay-window'
building: inside location; worth inves-
«»w>n H gatlns - •
?jmjo — Business corner; pays 10 per cent net;
I large lot, 75x75; lot alone worth $7500;
improvements consist of Etore and
flats; new throughout: sanitary plumb-
ing, etc.; store used as a grocery:
thickly populated district, south of
1 »„,.„,. Market Bt.
i SotiOO — Rents $39 per month; near corner of
I Foisom and Tenth; 4 separate flats;
j splendid repair: good tenants; lot 27x
*,r <5: u- orth investigating.
$40,000— Full 50-vara lot 137:6xl37:C; old
buildings at present rent for ?2:j'i t>0
per month; only 2 blocks from Mar-
ket st. ; a handsome increase can ba
realized in the near future.
»b.o0 — Price reduced from $7500; owner anx-
ious to sell; lot 50x75; 6 flats on Rltcb
St., near Third and Brannan; rents $73
,,,_ Per month.
jijOO — Terms easy; Castro st., near 21st st;
new modern, up-to-date house of 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x123; open to-
,,.„ <Jay <Sunday).
54000 — 2d st., near Bryant; lot 22:6x74: 2
'¦¦? , flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath each;
rents $32."
$45,000 — N. E. business corner, on prominent
! thoroughfare in Western Addition;
new building; stores and flats; large
lot. 6oxlI0; pays over all expenses SVa
,.__ .„ P«r cent net
52i,o00 — t'crner on Kentucky st, close to
Union Iron Works; frame buildings in
houses and flats; rents low at $155 per
month; extra large let. with 3 front-
ages; 75x200..
$2700 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, in splen-
did repair; lot 25x100; Twentieth st.
near Castro. We can arrange terms.
$12,000 — O'Farrell st. near Devisadero; mod-
ern building of 3 fiats; rents $92 50 per
month; lot 27x137:6.
$1700 — Stone st, off Washington, near Pow-
ell; splendid 3-story frame building of
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; same tenant for
years; pays $18 net per month; can be
easily increased.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery et
MADISON & BURKE.
(Established January. 1S5S.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to 30 Montgomery St., opposite -Lick
House.
CHEAP CORNER.
Corner Thirteenth and Kisslings sts., near
Folsom; 50x73; 2 buildings; well rented; $9000.
NEW RESIDENCE. \
$5000 — New house; Lake st. corner ot Eighth
ave.; 50x72; 8 rooms; finished attic and base-
ment"
INSIDE INVESTMENT-
$10,000 — O'Farrell st. near Polk: large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this Is an improv-
ing location.
HOWARD STREET.
$8000 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house;
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & 11th.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot, intersection of
Ridley st, 99 feet on /larket; -covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$14,000— Stockton st, near Sutter; 3-story
brick building, paying good Interest; new and
substantial improvements.
$6250 — Laguna, near Fell; two nice flats;
rented low at $45 per month.
Flats renting fo* $26; on Seventeenth Bt., nr.
Castro: lot 25x100; price $3500.
$5000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-ninth st;
fiats and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000 — Nice cottage home on Nineteenth st,
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath: lot
25x75.
$5000 — Turk St., near Stelner: good S-room '
house, with stable In rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard. : 7
LOTS.
Only $5000—100x125; east line Castro st, be-
tweeen 17th and 18th; cheapest lots in this lo-
cation; street work -all done; Market-st. car
system passes. '
$3000 — Corner Twenty-fifth and / Alabama
sts.; 50x100; a good corner to improve.-
$2500 — Steiner st., near "Waller; a choice
building lot; cheap; 25x91:6.
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lobos ave. ; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600. on easy terms If desired.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery st
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
; ¦ 114 Montgomery gt.
$25,000— Markfet-st. investment; lot 38:ll%x
124, with old improvements; "a pick-
up." .
$15,000 — Three flats; rents $1530 per annum* lot
25x155.
$7,500 — Two flats; rents $810 per annum; lot
25x134:6%.
$6,000 — Two fine flats; west side of street,
near Park; 25x125; rents $600.
$5,750 — Elegant residence in Panhandle die-
trict; 7 rooms and bath; "Just what
you want"
$5,500 — Fine home of 8 rooms and bath; north
side; lot 25x137:6.
$3,750 — New residence of 6 rooms and bath;
modern; west side; fine view.
$44,000 — An Investment on north side of Mis-
sion st., near 4th; 55x90.
$30.000— Corner Post and Flllmore; 91:3x100.
$7,500—80x100; corner near Park. •
$4,500 — Northeast corner on Golden Gate ave. ;
50x100.
$4,500 — $2250 each; 2 lots on north side of
Fulton st; 60x137:6.
$4,200 — North side; marine view; 55x100.
*2,250 — Belvedere, near Waller; 25x121 :10H
$1,650— Key lot near Park; 25x187:6.
$1,600— De Long ave.. above Frederick; 30x85.
F. R. GRANNIS, . ~
Real Estate, 322 Montgomery st.
$10,500 — Special; Pine st, near Taylor: sunny
side; 28-foot front; 2 houses, 8 rooms
each; worth double in 2 years; make
offer.
$5,800 — Good 10-room house; Webster st near
Pine: lot worth $4250.
$7,500 — Clay st, near Brdderick; lot 57:6x
127:6 and 2 cottages: make offer.
$5,000— «-room house; Clay st., near Steiner;
25x102; well rented. • '
$5,500— 9-room house: north side Sacramento
St., near Pierce; 25x128.
$725— Snap; lot 25x100; on California st
South, near First ave. —
$2.500 — Fine lot for swell flats; Walnut, near
Clay: 25x137:6.
BARGAINS IN RICHMOND.
I have several gilt-edged investments for cap-
italists in downtown property. ¦• ,
F. R. GRANNIS,
Real Estate. 322 Montgomery st.
j CHEAP lot, $1275; Pierce, near Union; 28x82:6;
for 2 flats; easy payments; $150 down, in-
stallments to suit; electric cars will pass in
front; a few steps from the Unlon-st cars.
X W. J. GUNN. 530 California at.
NEW residence near the Presidio; sunny side
of street: half a block from Union-st cars;
fine marine view; houses going up all around-
lot 25x107:6; only $3175; easy payments;
stone pavement: street bltumlnized; $800 first
payment. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st. .
IF you are looking for lots to build flats on gc
and look at those- 2 corners, NW. cor Urod-
erick and Filbert, 38:2x75, $3000; SE. cor.
•Webster and Filbert. 25x100. $1675; easy pay-
menta. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
BARGAINS IN CITY PROPERTY. ~~~
$0600 — Fine large corner *on Devisadero st :
lot 27:8x110; modern 2-etory bouse, 10 rooms
and bath.
$3C0 — Nice level lots half block from electric
cars: IngrleElde; Mission road.
$1500— Rightly lot on Devisadero^st. 25x120
$?000— Business lot. with old 2-story; rents
$47: on First at. bet. Howard and Folsom.
f 5500— 2 flats, 5 and 6 room? and bath ; lot 25
xl37:6; on Oak st, near Scott
53250 — New and handsome cottage. 5 rooms
and bath: lot 25x90, on Alvarado, between Cas-
tro and, Hoffman.
$3000— Lot 26x137:6. with 5-room and bath
cottage, on Sacramento, near Central ave. ; other
bargains in city property. Call or address
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
607 California st.
$4750 — 2-ETORY frame storeroom and flat 9
rooms; corner; lot 25x100; Mission.
$2750 — 6-room cottage, bath; high basement;
lot 25x100: back yard; Mission.
$3600 — 2-stcry frame, 11 rooms and bath ; back
yard, .barn; rent $25; corner; lot 30x100;
Mission. . ,
$2SO0 Each. 5 5-room cottages, bath: back
yard: high basement; Potrero ave.
HEALY & CARR Realty & Mining Co..
Phone James 4121. 713 Market st.. room 406.
$35,000 — Inside business corner, rents $200 mo.
$4,500— Given away. 6 and 7 room flats, Mis-
sion.
$9,750— Three new flats, rents $96 per month.
$3,100 — Handsome cottage. 1 6 rooms and bath,'
nr. Fourteenth and Noe sts. . '••
$3,000— Grove, nr. Laguna; old Improvements;
lot 25x60.
$900 — Cheap lot, Golden Gate ave., nr. Cen-
*~~^ traJ> 28x100. ' '.. :-.''.: ;-',•. .
$500 — A pickup; 5 lots near Cortland ave.
J.. ENGLISH, 11 Montgomery Bt i
NEW 4-room cottage; San Bruno road;: $1150;
$50 cash. $16 monthly.
S-room house, bath; $1500; easy. terms; near
' ' Folsom and 28th ets. . Pacific Home Building
Company. 89 Nevada Block. -
REAL -' E STATE— -rCITY—FO R SALE.
LYON & : HOAG . ... . : . . . . , 116 Montgomery st.
INVESTMENT PAYING 15 PER CENT.
?12,000— Corner on Pacific . St.. east of Taylor;
, . , ,. . blgJot. US. feet front^e: Unproveim-nts
consist of 4 frame buildings, containing
. ¦ ¦; . 4 stores : and ; 12 flats; while- the Ira-
.; provements are old, they, are in ,ex-
¦ . , celitnt condition; brick foundatlcn: tin
.' roofs;- latest sanitary.: plumbing; this
... -property is always rented and is one
• ¦ i; of 'best 'buys on the market.
$12,500— Rpnts $123;- Grove, near : Franklln: 2
splendid- buildings; flats all rented;
:•--.- '¦-¦. large lot;- fronts on 2 streets. ¦
JJ.OOO^-Two bay-window flats; Elliot Park,
" ----- utar 14th" arid' Guerrero; 5 and C rooms
and. bath. . . " . . — . ".
$3,8C0— Rent i40:Rinsgold./ near 9th and Fol-
' "som; 3 flats and all rented.
. CLAY-ST, P.ESIDENCE.
$15.250— Two Etory . residence, containing 8
rooms and bath; lot 27:6x127:8; excel-
. lent neighborhood; ¦ <
..... .A GREAT BARGAIN.
$3,500— Worth $.1500; , rent. $23; 2 bay-wfhdojr
fiats, containing 5 and 6 rooms, bathe.
;¦-.-¦ etc.-; brick foundation; -on Duncan st,
near Dolores; lot 25x114 feet: only one
•''block from : Guerrero-st cars. . .
,. f (,250^- Page-st. residence; . near Scott; mod-
• - ern 2-story j house of 0 rooms; batb
and .basement: lot 25x137:6; new
plumbing, etc.; house Is gopd as new;
. . - ' a bargain. ' :• .
' $t5,OuO — Two ¦ nice flats on Clayton. clo«4 to
Haight; Jot 25x123; rent $50.
•.¦¦••- • ARTISTIC HOMES.
..-•¦¦,• . Commanding Grand Views.
$u, 500 — Best house ever offered for the money;
. . large sunny rooms; all latest > con-
veniences; big lots. :;0xl37:6; splendid
i ' neighborhood ; in: Western Addition;
terms came as rent. •'.< • •
$7.250 — Guerrero, near 22d: 4 flats: rents $64;
¦ ¦- lot 37:6x115, with 2 frontages.
J10,OCO~f-Rents $100: fine Stolner-st- corner; 2
. brand-new flats, I containing 7 and 10
J . ' rooms, bath. etc.. each: good location;
. both streets accepted; an exceptional
- opportunity. :
• N $7,000— Rert $70; 2 new flats of 6 and 7 rooms
:.-.. and bath each,' in. the Panhandle dls-
' - - trict; large lot; cheapest flats in the-
district. . . .
$4,500^— Fulton - st. near Buchanan; 3 flats;
rent $33 50; this is a cheap piece of
r": ' ' property, close to town. -
"We publish ' a monthly list .' containing full
description' of both •. Improved arid unimproved
property i for sale in alj . sections . of the city,
which we will cheerfully send to you.
..V_: ;..;.. LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st. .
A PRETTY new cottage— $2850; $500 cash. $30
- monthly; Tenthave. ; two blocks south of the
I'{»rk; contains 0 sunny rooms, porcelain bath.
high basement and all conveniences; lot 25x
• '120; charming situation; close ; to all the
Park attractions. : •'¦'. -
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
A VERY CHEAP HOME.
$1200 — Elsie, near Cortland ave.; contains 4
j rocms and bath; close 1 to Mlssion-st. car
house. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO., -- :
205 Montgomery 6t, .opp. Mills building.
' SNAP. '
Pays 20 Per Cent, n
$4,500 cash; rents $97 per month; all
rented; 3 new up-to-date flats of 6
N rooms and. bath and 2 rean flats of 4
and 6 rooms; handsome and attractive
- ' in appearance, with 5 bay windows.
¦ •••-. tiled - mantels, combination gas an-1
electric fixtures; lot 25x125 feet; half-
block Fillmore-st cars: balance new
$4000 bank mortgage can remain 6 per
cent; price $8500.
LOOKING INTO PARK PANHANDLE.
$11,000— Rents $1230; 3 new up-to-date flats of
7 rooms and bath each; lot 25x137:0.
. ATTRACTIVE CLAYTON-ST. FLATS.
$6,000 — Near Park panhandte: . 2 very well-
1 built modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; very sunny.
NEW McALLISTER-ST. FLATS.
$10,500 — Rents $1200 per annum; 3 new up-to-
date flats; north side or street; lot 25x
.; .;' 137:6. ; ' ¦ '5\\
- • NEAR HAIGHT AND BUCHANAN.
$7,250 — Rents $720; 2 new up-to-date flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath;, key lot, -27x
: . 112 feet: .. ;
-NEW BUSH-ST.' FLATS.
$7,000— Rents $720; 2 new up-to-date flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; light and
sunny.
- . • FORCED SALE. • *
*' $6,000 — On McAllister st, close in: 2-story
¦ . - ' residence of 9 rooms .and bath': lm-
. r ..*'¦ provements alone cost price asked.
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
.$5,500 — Elegant modern residence of 7 rooms
- and bath; porcelain -tubs, tiled bath-
»• •'¦ .- ' room, finished basement; lot 25x106.
** Get our printed list 1 of cheapest properties in
all-sections of the city.
•• • -- : NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
' .'205 Montgomery s^.'._ opp. Mills building.
F. B. SURRYHNK, : - ¦
1 • REAL ESTATE AGENT,
. .138 Montgomery St, . ,. ¦ : ¦ >
$3250— Close to Folsom and First; 2 fiats, 5
rooms each; rents $30 per month; lot 25x75.
$2300^ — Clara st. ; ; comfortable , house, 6
rooms and- bath; rents $18 per month: lot
22:6x75.. .. ,
¦ . $5750 — Kayes St.. nr. the Park; .2 modern
flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath- each; rents
$45 per month; lot 25x100.
$300 ¦ each— Close to Misslon-st. power
. house; building lota 25:8x70 ft. each; only 2
left ..--.. . .\.. ; , . :.,-. . -.
$4000— Leavenworth st. ; modern residence,
. S rooms and bath: porcelain , tub; brick foun-
dation; beautiful marine vlsw; lot 27:6x110.
. $5000— Deyisadero st. ; 2 fine modern flats,
I 6 and '7. rooms each: rents $6jfcper month;
lot 26x110. ' . ' ' ~ ' ,
:..$7000 — Belvedere ftt... nr.. Waller; 2 new
j modern flats, 11 rooms ajid bath in upper, 7
rooms and bath in lower; rents $60 per
month: lot 25x120. ;• ,
$12,500— McAllister st;; 2 beautiful modern
. flats: rents $105 per. month; lot. 28x137:6.
?6500; — $1000 cash, balance on .flat loan If
. desired ; i j Presidio Heights, ¦ charming 1 resi-
' dence. - 8 rooms and bath; best part of this
¦ desirable district;' lot 25x137:6. . .' > .
$8500 — Broderick st.. nr. McAllister: 2 new
modern' flats, 6 and 7 rooms; rents $70 per
:• month.' " . : ; , ' . *-
.. $3500 — -Diamond st, .rir. 17th: new modern
- 2-story houae of 6 rooms and bath; lot 24:8
: xl25;, easy; terms can be arranged If desired.
HAWKS & SKELTON. ' ¦.'"¦-..;
Rents -Collected and Entire Charge Taken
¦ . . ••• . of Property. ...
$16,500r-Corner on Devisadero; newly im-
proved, up-to-date every way; rents $1680 per
annum.' ! ' ¦.'.."
• $«0,000-^Kearny-st. • property, S paying 5 per
cent net ; good brick building; in heart of re-
tall districts . _ ,. .- . '
•.-¦ $14,000--Lot on Drunim st, ' near Market
22:'llx70;. only $610 per foot;, new building go-
ing, up adjoining, and another designed to go
up soon; will pay well to improve. ¦ ,
$2600ttP*>s big interest; $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe St.. near Third and Brannan; in good
! repair. • : - - ¦ »¦ •' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .- . ¦
¦¦ $3G00 — North side Sutter st, between Baker
and Lyon; good -house,: 7 rooms and bath, i ¦
$4000 — Lot on Leavenworth st, near Green;
50x60; close to Hyde' or. Union st. cars; will
pay well if improved. • ¦ ¦
$4500 — Lot on Chestnut >t. near Stockton:
68:9x137; street accepted; will pay well to im-
prove; will divide" In three lots if desired.
;$C5Q0 — Lot S. side Jackson st, near Walnut;
50x100; near cars and Presidio. , '¦¦. ¦ -
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
JACOB HEYMAN CoT"* 7 " ¦" ' -. : ~"
- . . . .. 117. Sutter St. '
HAVE YOU SEEN OUR RENT MONEY
j| , HOMES? . _ . .
- - -If you . have- not bo out to-day to 632
- Douglass st. and ,831 Alvarado, HEYMAN
1 TRACT, Just for a. look.- .They are 5 and 6
. . room cottages. :- are new. and-, have all, the
; modern. improvements. ¦ We sell them to you
-for your RENT' MONEiY.. Take Mlssion-st.
car and 'transfer to Twenty-second.
. A snap! Fine- building lot, 1 18th and Cor-
. bett ave. : 27x100. ;.. ; , .
. Exceptional i Ocean Beach lots, $150, $5
¦ down,. $1; per month. > Selling fast. The fu-
ture 'property. : ¦.-
ALVIN TRACT. Elmhurst; lots 25x120—
$50, $1 down, $1 per. month: facing, railroad;
45 minutes from -Market and Kearny; hour
train ' service . soon to commence.
JACOB HEYMAN CO..: 117 Sutter et.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM . . . .... . . REAL ESTATE
¦ ¦' ¦• 26 Montgomery Bt, room \l. :¦ . •
. Rents collected ; full charge : taken of property.
$43,500 — Cor. 50-vara; Turk: 8 frontages; fine
.', location for apartment house,- flats, etc.
$41,000— Good investment ;¦ Mission, nr. Sixth.
$12,500— Washington, nr. .Webster; 50x127:6;
. ¦ ¦ . ¦ 'desirable residence ¦'lot . •
$10,000 — Webster, nr. Washington; 30-ft front;
.' - '"' . suitable for ohyslcian. ', :
$10,000^-3 sunny new.7-room flats, near Golden
; Gate Park: grand view; rents $105.
$5,250— Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
*-.v, , . st, near -Thirteenth; rent $45.
$2.875— Cheap; north side Clay st, near Lyon;
•¦ • . fine adjoining lot' 27:6x100, far $3000
- 1 HOUSES — SUNSET , HEIGHTS — LOTS.
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I -sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. B- BUCKINGHAM, 28 Montgomery, room
•11. r Branch \Qt flee. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.
BARGAINS./ .- ¦¦"¦'r. ¦•- '¦':-¦¦' ' ¦•¦¦¦.¦¦.<;¦¦,-/¦- "
$4000— A nfee comfortable home in the Mission
. one-half ' block - f rom. . the < electric cars :
. '. '. ' - building * is almewt new and modern ; it
:'¦ , can be' bought t cheap,':' as the owner is
. anxi.ous to dispose ;of it. ' .- •
$1250 — Neat . cosy " cottage on Falrmount st.,
- whlch-must be sold. -Can be bought
- - with a small amount down and the bal-
;- . -..' anoe'on easy ternu. v . .-.'-i^.,
\. $350— A cheap lot on Arlington, new McGlll,
¦ on which a fln« home can readily be con-
structed. It is one Wock from tha elec-
v-^-:-tric'cars. ;'-•/'.;¦.-••::.'-:.:—'¦;
$275— SNAP , in - Richmond District.' on : 27th
. . - ave., ¦ -near _¦ Point ;. Lobos ; - $10 " down; $5
— ¦ per month. .- You cannot . buy it for the
: :¦¦¦¦- price In the district" - - '
McEWEN BROS..' 118 Montgomery Bt.
REAL ESTATE CITY— yog-SAJLB.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. A ,
U MONTGOMERY STREET.
REAL ESTATE
, $65,000 — Rents $350 per month ; a ' 3-story and
i basement brick building in wholesale
I district
$30.000— Rents $122 per month; choice corner on
Polk st. near Sutter; improvements
consist of 3 stores, flat and dwelling
$21,000 — Rents $145 per raonth; choice down-
town corner; 2 substantial brick build-
ings; always rented; 37:6x80.
$20,000 — Rents $!G3 60 per month; Washington
Et; 6 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath tach; In perfect order a.nd
steadily rented: 42:6x137-6
$16,500— Rents $100 per month; Ellis et. near
Hyde; 3 modern flats of 6 and 7 'rooms
and bath each; in perfect order; 2(ix
ei :t>.
£15.000 — Kenis $120 per month; Pine Et near
Hyde; 3 substantial flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each, with rear cot-
tage; G4xl37:«.
$12.500— Rents $70 per month; desirable corner
on Bush St.; substantial improvements.
cons:st of store and 2 flats: steadily
rented.
$12,000— Rents ?>v> per month; Hayes st • 3
modern Hats of 5-U-7 rooms and bath
each; stable in rear; 27:Cxl20 to rear
street
$10,^50 — Rents $85 per month; choice comer on
Jones st.; new improvements; three
modern flats of 6 rooms and bath; ele-
gantly finished and commanding a
$S,500— Rents $81 per month; Jackson st; 3
modern flat6 of 7-S rooms and bath
each; 25xl27:S>4.
$8,000— Rents $7» 50 per month; Folsom st. ;
3 newly constructed flats of 5-6 rooms
__„ and bat h each; 25x{«6.
•7.«30 — Rents $55 per month; Buchanan st;
Z modern flats of 5-6 rvoms and batb
•-k™ S* ch: in . Perfect order; a good buy.-
$<, 500— Rents $55 per month, which is low;
Hyde et.; 2 stores and flat of 6 rooms
fend bath. .
$7,500 — Choice corner on Broderick *t; well-
built 2-story house , of 8 rooms and
bath; in perfect order; commands a
nice view; 25x100.
$4,1)00— Rents $35 per month; Sacramento st;
2 bay-window flats of 5 rooms and
bath each; brick foundation, etc.; 31x
127:S'4. • '
$4,600— Rents $40 per month: Oak st; 2 flats
of 6 rooms and bath each; in good or-
der; 25x75.
$4,250 — Rents $35 per month ; Twenty-fifth st ;
2 bay-window flats of 5-<J rooms and
bath each; corner lot. -
S4.250 — Reduced; near 24th and Dolores sts.; a
well-built and handsomely finished
house of 8 rooms and bath; costly man-
tels, art glass, eta; 23x117:6 to alley;
a snap.
$3,100— Warm belt of the Mission; modern
bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; conservatory, stable and car-
riase-house in the rear; 50x90.
$3.000 — Rents $2ti per month; Hayes st; 3
flats of 4-5 rooms each.
Can or write for our Real Estate Record,
containing a list of properties for eale In all
pertg of the city.
Latest pocket map of San Francisco. 25c
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery et.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
_. , AUCTION.
Of Investment. Residence and Unimproved
Properties.
At our salesroom MONDAY. May 12, 1902.
At 12 o'clock noon.
EDWIN B. MASTICK ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court
Nos. 1 and 2 will be offered to close the
» above estate.
r •***?• 103 Commercial et, bet' Drumm and
Fa vis; improvements consist of a two-story
brick building; lot 25x59:9.
The following Outeide Lands blocks will be
r£« ed . &E an entirety: Nos. 1035, 1036. 1037.
It^l U09 - mo - 11U ' 1112 "Ni portions of
tjocks Nos. 1038, 1040, 110S. 1113. 1114. 1115.
1116.
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. RESIDENCE.
No 1919 Ellis et. bet Scott and Devisadero:
a substantial two-story and finished basement
residence of 9 rooms and bath: sunny and de-
erable; rent $37 50 per month; lot 25x137:6.
„- BUCHANAN-ST. INVESTMENT.
Tv.0. 1409 Buchanan st.. bet. Ellis and O'Far-
reil; improvements consist of cottage of 4
rooms and 2 flats of 3-4 rooms each- rent $39
per month: lot 25x30.
GREEN-ST. INVESTMENT,
rvos. .17-719 Green 6t, bet. Powell and Ma-
son; improvements consist of dwelling of 10
rooms and bath and 2 flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath each; bank mortgage of $3000 at 6 per
cent can remain; lot 46:6x137:6
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE,
ivo. 1017 Lombard st. bet Leavenworth and
Hyde; cottage of 5 rooms and bath with stable
in rear; lot 21x137:6.
N. D. THAYER ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
* - ¦ ' Subject to confirmation by the court.
The following seven pieces of property offered
to dose the above estate:
No. 1.
Lot 15, block 2, Lakeview Tract.
No. 2. . •
Let 11, block 26, Lakeview Tract
No. 3.
Part of lot 1, block 12, Pioche & Robinson
€ubci\T£ion.
No. 4.
Lots 10, U and 12. block 73S. Outside Lands.
_, No. 6.
Part ef lot 53, block 9. Flint Tract Home-
etead Association.
~^-. Xo. 6.
Two lots, block 19, Market-st Homestead
Association.
For catalogues and further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Bt.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. ~ "
14 Montgomery «t
AUCTION
A U C T IO N
fA U C T I O N
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Residence, Investment and Unimproved
Properties e.t our salesroom. MONDAY. May 19
1902, e.t 12 o'clock noon. '
FORECLOSURE SALE.
The Following Three Properties Must Be Sold:
No. 1.
2S11-281S GTeen Et. near Baker — Two eub-
etaatlal and well-built flats of 6-7 rooms and
bath each; rents $33 per month; lot 31:0x125.
ALSO
Two choice buildings lots. 25x125 each, and
cottage of 5 rooms; rent $10; lot 25x125, Irreg-
ular. Terms— One-third cash, balance 1. 2 or 3
years at 6 per cent.
No. 2.
2800-2802 Gough st. NE. cor. Filbert— Two
flattof 6 rooms each; rent $30 per month; lot
~^ ALSO
Six building lots. 25x110 each. Terms— One-
third cash, balance 1, 2 or 3 years at i 6 per
cent
No. 3.
26C1 Poet et. SW. cor. Lyon— Improvements
consist of etere and dwelling; lot 20x92:6 ir-
regular. Terms— One-third cash, balance 1. 2
cr 8 years at 6 per cent
HOWARD-6T. BUSINESS PROPERTY
1126 Howard st, north line, near 7th— Sub-
stantial 3-story and basement building con-
t&lnisg store and two flats of 8 rooms each-
rent $67 60 per month; lot 25x90.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. 2
SW. cor. Union and Scott sts. — Four desir-
efcle residence iota, 27:6x110 and 137:6; this lo-
cation la rapidly becoming very choice residence
property.
Washington et, south 'line, between Central
»ve. and Walnut st. — Four desirable residence
lots, 27:Cxl27:8^4 each; these lots are nicely
located and command a marine view. " '
"Washington 6t, north line, between Lyon st
ejid Central ave. — Two choice and select resi-
dence lots. 25x102:8^4 each.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
963 Hayes Bt, near Stelner — An elegant two-
etory and basement residence, containing 15
rooms and bath, handsomely finished and bo ar-
ranged that it could readily be occupied by two
families; era* separate for each floor; larre at-
tic; key lot 25x137:6: sun all day.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
2530 Washington et., north line, near Steiner
— Bay-window residence of 10 rooms and bath,
beautifully situated and opposite Lafayette
square: an excellent residence location; large
lot, 44x102:8%.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
NE. cor. Jackson st and Central ave. — This
choice corner. 81:2x127:8^, we -will offer in
subdivisions; nicely elevated and commanding
an unobstructed marine view.
BRO AD WA Y-ST. INVESTMENT.
11I<-111<% Broadway, near Jones st — Good
lmpro\ements; consist of 3 flats of 3-4-4 rooms
each : rents $23 50 per month : brick foundation
etone walks, etc.; bank mortgage of «1300 at 6
per cent can remain.
MISSION BUILDING LOT.
Twenty-fourth st, north line, between Dia-
a^lOxl^ Dou^ la6S — Desirable building lot,
For catalogues and further particulars apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Our Sunset Lots Have no Eaual'
*500 to $1000— pn graded and seweVed street* •
euperb view; $10 monthly. »uw»,
$100 to $450— Choicest Ocean Boulevard lot»:
«o mommy.
Sunset Branch Office. Ninth ave., near H st
$400 to $800— Richmond lots; no cue can
brat us. c * a
$1000. $1400 to $2500— Modern cottacee- mil
bargains; easy terms. — ***¦.•=¦. u
f r> GETZ * BROTHER.
' Room 84, Chronicle Building.
A SACRIFICE: cottage, 8 rooms. $1400* terms
swne as paying rent Apply SB. cor. Ala-
__ baai and Montcalm sts. ¦ -»¦
• 5 22^-I'ACnFIC Helrhte: corner lot. THE
JCcCABTHY CO.. <*« Market «t.
REAL ESTATE— COF.TTRY— For Sale
$2500 — 160-ACRE grain ranch, near Stockton,
. with house and barn.
$2000— Fruit farm. 50 acres, near Auburn;
good house and barn; 15 acres orchard; running
water for irrigation.
$1200 for 160 acres; the best bargain in ths
State; near Wlllits; in a nice little valley;
about 20 acres bottom land; river runs through
it; fine for corn, potatoes, garden vegetables,
family orchard; balance of land pasture and
fine Umber, tan oak and flr; common 6-roora
house and barn; nice spring water; good hunt-
ing and fishing. ' • -
$4500 — Stock ranch of 1600 acres, near Uklah
and close to school and railroad; good, houae
and barn; grain land; well watered; somo fins
redwood, oak and flr timber.
$25.000 — Fine stock ranch of about 4300 acres;
Mendocino County; fenced and divided Into
summer - and • winter ranses; well watered:
house, barn, corrals; Includes horses, imple-
ments and-'2OOO stock sheep; pays splendid in-
terest.
$U an acre — Three fine redwood timber quar-
ter sections; fine investment; MendocinoCounty.
$850 for 144 acres splendid redwood timber,
rear Ukiah. on Navarro River.
$1200 — 170 acres good land. In the hills near
Ukiah, with cabin: about 40 acres level meadow
land, dark loam, with large spring; balance is
pasture land, with enough black oak timber to
pay for It.
$150 — Homestead claim, 160 acres, in the
redwoods, 14 miles from Ukiah.
$2100 — 10-acre farm; rich level land, near
Santa Rosa, with fine 6-room bouse and barn;
easy terms. ¦
Send or call for our new catalogue of lands
for sale. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
507 California st.
FOR farms, stock ranches, orchards and vine-
yards, call or send for new descriptive cata 1 -
legue. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California st.
SELECTED redwood and tan oak timber lands
. In lots to suit from 160 to 6000 or more acres,
at from $5 to $S an acre; now is the time to
invest. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
¦ / 507 California st.
RARE BARGAIN. "
- 1867 acres grazing, agricultural and fruit
land, located in the hills, fronting on Russian
River, at railroad station. 6 miles north of
Ukiah, with enough standing wood to about
pay for the land; reduced to $3 an acre on ac-
count of leaving. For particulars call on or ad-
dress ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
i .. 507 California st
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY. *
$13 50 — 450 acres partly foothill land, two
miles from Clayton; 100 acres In cul-
per tlvation. balance good grazing land:
partly timbered; new 4-room house.
acre barn and family orchard: water from
springs and wells: 40 acres Is valley
land worth half of the price asked for
the whole. - (291)
$30 00 — 1(30 acres of good foothill land. '4 miles
from Martinez: 5-room house; large
per barn; wagon shed: spring water piped
to house and barn; 4 acres orchard; 3
acre. acre3 vineyard ; 115 acres plowed ;
- balance pasture. (292)
$20 00—1650 acres fine stock ranch, 5 miles
- * from Martinez; 200 acres rich valley;
per 700 acres grain or hay land; plenty
timber; plenty water; 3 small houses,
acre, barns and other buildings; one- third
cash, balance easy terms. (293)
BUTTB COUNTY.
$35,000 — 10 acres orange grove in' thriving con-
dition. 6 miles from Orovllle; one-
quarter mile from depot, church and
school; good location: $2000 cash, bal-
ance easy terms. (252)
$1,200 — 30 acres land, half planted to figs,
one mile from town; adjoins the fa-
mous Hearst orchard; 15 acres good
i: . orange land; the entire tract can be
irrigated. / (288)
$1,800 — 69-acre farm, 3 miles from Oroville;
family orchard, small vineyard; 15
acres in grain; 34 acres timber; all
fenced; two dwellings; good barn; nloa
spring water; Irrigation from main
water ditch. (289)
Sl.SOO — 40 acres all level land: Sacramento
Valley. 2% miles from town: 12 miles
from Orovllle; 5-room house; large
barn and windmill; 4 good wells fur-
nish abundance of water; all tillable
land; family orchard; this is an ex-
tra bargain. (200)
PLUMAS COUNTY.
$5,600—560 acres timber tract; will cut 50.-
000 feet per acre; sugar pine, yellow
I pine, flr and cedar. (271>
We have a number of fine orange groves In
Butte County, nicely bearing; also large list
of small ranches In Sonoma. Contra Costa.
Santa Cruz, Santa Clara. I San Joaquln. Yolo
and Napa counties. Prospective buyers are
cordially requested to call or write
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
820-823 Hayward Building.
$5000 MOUNTAIN VIEW, Santa Clara Co., 20
acres choice land; 6 in orchard: good im-
provements; superabundance of fine water;
many magnificent oaks; to be sold on account
of nonresidence. '
Stock ranch. 3 to 5000 acres, in Central
~ California ; abundance of cheap water for
stock and Irrigating ; a natural cattle coun-
try; average price per acre $12 50, Including
numerous buildings; fences and wells.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2, .Seventh floor. . Mills building.
$3500 MODEL country home of 3 arces: most-
ly In full bearing fruit; rich, loamy alluvial
I solp no fertilization needed; a perfect garden
spot; splendid 5-room cottage, nearly new;
sanitary plumbing; good barn; windmill and
tank- improvements cost all that Is asked for
the whole place; only V* mile from R. R.
station and 50 minutes' drive from Oakland.
E. J STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
AT AUCTION— Sale of lands in San Matso
Park: lots brought $1300 per acre; I will sell
!: u .. la . l : <1 . a . t .. fair oaks ....:
More beautiful, and as convenient to itatlon.
at 'unheard of prices. Fair Oaks is the
most desirable location between r here and
Sa wM° S GORDON Griffith. Hearst bldg.
HOTEL SITE. > -
Beautiful location for «. summer and winter
'* We " offer for sale five acres of land In
Sunnyslde Mill Valley, Cal., within two
minutes' walk of Mill Valley depot.
For particulars
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco. Cal.
tlO 000— THE prettiest orchard home In Santa
Clara Co. ; good enough for "Harriman" ; ele-
• gant buildings; on electric car line; easy
te *050 Splendid chicken ranch, near Peta-
luma, of 10 acres; easy terms. .
$2500— Elegant orchard and chicken ranch:
splendid buildings; lncome$lS0O per annum.
WELLS, SAUNDERS & CO.. 630 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road. Elmhurst; electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORJARTY. owner. Elmhurst.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda, 8an Joa-
ouln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALBY & CARR. Realty and Min-
lng Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; tel. Jamea 412L
—FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO——
Small tract* $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
•Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best /or poultry and general fanning. Apply
to Tne Cotatl Co.. 302 California it, for
pamphlets and . information. .
FOR sale or* exchange — One of the beet Omit
ranches In Sonoma County; has cost present
owners $26,000: 92 acres; 80 acres in frnlt
and vineyard: all first class, with farm lmple-
* ments and stock. Address J. R. LITTLE.
Berkeley. Cal.
HOUSE and lot. stable.' chicken hoa— », frnlt
trees, etc Full particulars S. STRYKER.
corner San-Lorenzo ave. and Eaaterbrook st,
San Leandro. CaL ¦
Santa Clara Valley, Ban Jose and ProlnsnUr
properties. See WOOSTER. WHTTTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. * San J.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
POKET RICHMOJTD REAX ESTATE.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
Are In
THE SANTA FB TRACT.
ALL LEVEL.. STREETS GRADED
$150 and up...... $13 DOWN.
$5 MONTHLY
McEWBN BROS 113 Montgomery it. ,
SOLE AGENTS.
CITY OF RICHMOND. .
CITY OF RICHMOND^
The Santa Fe R. R. Co.,
The Standard Oil Co.,
The Southern ¦ Pacific R. R. Co..
Each of them think that the city of Richmond
has a. big future.
WHT NOT WAKE UP YOURSELF?
Invest your savings where you can make a
sure and early profit. Think what the city ot
Rlchmond will be a year from now with all tha
Immense establishments there.
WHAT WAS IT A YEAR AGO?
WHAT IS IT NOW?
IT IS TO BE THE COMING MANUFAC-
TURING CITY OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Openings for all kinds of business!
LOTS FROM $180. LOTS FROM $l80k
|5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
BUY NOW'. BUY NOW! BUY NOW!
If you are earnestly seeking a sure means of
making money rapidly. ¦
--Official map of the city of Richmond mailed
free. ' - /
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.)/
Room 182. Crocker Building. S. 7.
For ¦ Additional Classified Advertlsa-
ments See Page Thirty-eight.THE -¦."SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY,/ MAY ; 11, 1902;
38
v r HOUSES TO LET. ; ~
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H.~ UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE; of 4. rooms and bath," $18; Olive' ave.,
between Polk and- Van ¦ Ness, Geary .' and
O'Farrell. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market st IV .- :
NICE ' bay-window house. 9 rooms and bath;
12th st, between. Mission and Howard; rent
$40; key at corner. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
CO., Real Estate Agents. 630 Market sty-
TO let— Fine 8-room house, with tath and large
• , basement; 1181 Oak St.. near Devlsadero ;
rent $27 50; by CHAS. QUAST, 403 Pine st;
.-' key at 1183. next door. ; .
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son. - between Clay and Sacramento. . Apply
10 Ewer ' place. .'¦¦• y .-*.-• j . . :.
1514 OCTAVIA st. near Suttei- — 8 rooms and
bath; sanitary plumbing; very desirable; rent
reasonable. .¦:¦ ¦ • : . . \ : :~ .'
1321 CLAY st, bet. Jones and Leavenworth—
9 rooms, bath and heaters. Key at 1436 Clay.
TO LET— ll-room house; modern lmprove-
'- ments. 2510 Pine st. ¦; ,
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Stelner st,
near Eillls. . : ¦
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FRANKLIN St.. near Broadway— $100; furnish-^
• ed house for a year or more ; 12 rooms, attic
and basement; references. Box 974. Call.
NICELY, furnished sunny 7-room house; Sacra-
mento, near Flllmore. Box 1744, Call. .
HANDSOMELY, furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah st, near, the park. . .
MEJs'LO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms,
bath; furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary.
:_ "_ ¦ : ; INVESTMENTS.' '.-''¦;¦
SPLENDID Investment — Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut into lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st. 8. F.
LOST AND FOUND.
$5^REWARD— $£ ~~~~
Yawl boat, painted . green, builder G. W.
Kneass, stolen from schooner - Alameda while
lying at Goat Island, May 5 or 6. Return to
the Patent Brick Co., Berry St., bet. Sth
and 6th, San Francisco. . .
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL S. GUNNING. No. 180-
1308. . The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Saturday afternoon, , on Sacramento or
Powell ' st. cars, a camera. Please return to
FRED LONG, 21 Buena Vista ave., and re-
' celve reward. ' " " : '
LOST— Black, silky haired skye terrier dog:
hind leg crippled: tag 533; red ribbon on col-
lar; reward. NAOLE. 304 Van Ness ave.
LOST— Large bunch of keys, about April 21;
reward by leaving at 44 East st. C. A. Mc-
PHEE. ¦
CHECK-BOOK First National Bank. Reward
on return to H. B. MADISON. 36 Bteuart St.
LOST — Turquoise earring: small diamonds; Hb-
r eral -reward. 1437 McAllister st
FOUND— A sum of money. Loser communi-
• cate with ."Texas," box 987. Call office.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St., needs old goia
and silver to make new watch cases.. _•
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; -also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses; pillows: window
shades. J. F. Hotter.721 Mission jtel.Maln 730.
¦MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, emrlnes, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st. .
1 DOUBLE friction drum hoist :..... $300
1 single friction drum hol3t ....200
1 clutch link motion drum hoist, with
. boiler • 300
1 triple throw Knowles pump 150
1 Dow steam pump, 5" sue, 4" dls -150
1 10 H.P. motor (220 volts). 150
.1 200-light dynamo '..... 250
T. 10 H.P. boiler & 8 H.P. engine complete 150
1 6 H. P. boiler rnd engine complete.... 125
1 20 H. P. Atlas boiler and engine.. 350
1 40 H. P. Atlas boiler end engine. ...".. 550
1 3 H. P. gasoline engine complete 90
, 18 H. P. gasoline engine.. 225
. Second-hand water pipe and belting.
H. S. WHITE, 180 Beale st
FOR sale— An "absolutely new, modern Im-
proved, flrst-class upright piano; cost origi-
nally $450; will sell for $200 cash; excellent
for parlor use. Apply S. H. FRIEDLAND-
ER, Manager Fischer's Theater, 122 O*Far-
rel.l street ¦ " \ ' .
IRON sidewalk doors with castlron frames;
second-hand, but equal to new, and at only
half cost; iron gratings. P. H. JACKSON
& CO.. 228-230 First st
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear, st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables;, easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
GARDEN hose for everybody; best quality %
and % In.' hose; sells everywhere 10c & 12c;
at my place 5c and 6c. • Deutsch, 148 2d.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new, cost
$250, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728, Call office.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
goods; money back If not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
, CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
$20 — WILCOX & GIBBS automatic sewfhg
machine;. good order. 1571 Market nr. 12th.
PORTABLE camp houses for sale cheap.. Call
or address Townley Bros.. 15th and Folsom.
45-H.P. Hercules marine gas engine; good as
new ; - cheap. J. - A. Thomson, 107 Fremont.
.1 AUTOMATIC sewing machine; W. & G.; good
order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
- machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
CLEVELAND bicycle in excellent condition;
' bargain. 406 Grove st. ¦ ¦ • ¦'
BOATS,- launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-class harness
shop. B. MA ART. Valley Ford, . Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
U makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture ' machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE ensrlnes. all sizes, new and 2d-hand
. and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New i and second hand. THE HER-
¦ MAN SAFE CO.,' 417-423 Sacramento st .
FOR second-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
, gojto D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 510 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Pout at.
MISCELLANEOUS -WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
I .full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— Four.' good work horses, harness
- ¦ and four- ton wagon. J. E. ' K ERR, room 7.
V" flr3t floor. Mills bldg. .
WANTED — Female mocking bird. | Add. MRS.
J. - A. THOMAS. ¦ Challls. Custer Co.. > Idaho.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Box 40G0, Call office.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
s>end postal; will call. Box 4060.. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
-'theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.: tel. Jessie 2851.
• Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
; condition. FarnsworthElectricalWks..418Turk.
/ MEDICAL. • :•'- .-' ¦-_-
A— DR. :O'DONNELL.. world-renowned spectal-
".- 1st— Ladles. , all who are I sick • or > in trouble,
consult; the 'specialist: on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate .helped; relief in all
cases taken: the most difficult cases treated;
¦ have < relieved '. thousands of most obstinate
catts; free, confidential advice on all subects
: . of a^delicate nature. . DR. ' G. -W. O'DON-
¦ VKELL; office & residence. , 1013 Mkt..'; op, , Sth.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladlei'
specialist; Instant. relief guaranteed; home la
: J confinement ;' hours ii to 6 and 7 to S. Re-
moved to 1008^ Market st, opposite Sth' st
MRS. D. : WYTSTH— Well-known ladles' special-
1st. SO years' experience, removed to 100814
S. Market st. opp. 6th; hours 9 to. 6 and 7, to ft.
MRS. ' SWEET, 606 Guerrero,- nr. 18th.' a grad-'
¦ uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.'
, experience In midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
I fore and during . confinement: - best . motherly
; ; care; infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
\1 Aboard $3 .week; all who are sick or In trouble
consult me before going clscw're. TeLBlue411.
DR: AND , MRS. " DA VIES =and*. HINDOHERB
original: method of treatment* 'Moved from
; '122S, to 102fi I Market st ,
"¦y _^^-- . EDUCATIONAL.-^^ :.'-.-
S^LD's" : &C^6oX"oF^EL^CTRIcXL~ENGi-
| NEERING — Theory,- demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop* work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. '.-;¦ : , . ¦., .. \
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
% how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions In March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers.' S. F. Busl-
ness College, 1236 Market Bt.- : -' ! .'
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by of flcial court reporters.'
13S2 Market st- - .' ¦¦ - ¦• \ r
; VOICE culture. CARLOS N. KELLER, Acad-
emy of Sciences building, 819 Market st,
suite 19;' 2 to 4 p. m. •
GOLDEN GATE Com'I College, 530 Golden
Gate ave., S.F. — Special spring and summer
term; bookkeeping, shorthand, penmanship
.and' English; get information; position soon
as qualified. ' > ---¦ ¦¦¦..- -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,"
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited- preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any.
Stanford professor. Phelan building. : '
A— $50: LIFE scholarship at AYRES' Business
College, 723 Market st..- pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
wrlters; positions secured; catalogue free.
DANCING pupils prepared for the stage; waltz,
buck and wing, clog. Jigs, reels, skirt, song.
Private lessons dally at IRVINE'S, 421 Post
st. between, Powell and Mason.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. : City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.,
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
hew 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell St.
GOLDEN Gate Com'I College, 630 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg.,. penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFllippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871 ;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 60c lesson. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; Individual In-
struction ; Pitman syBtem ; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN,, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. . 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
PROF. BAKER, select boxing school ; open
every evening from 7 to 10. 121 Sixth st
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80- page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 PoweU.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 416 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411}i O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
rel lable help. 524 Bush et. : tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1233 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
RELIABLE- Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6183.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, flrst-class, perfection ' In fit-
ting, designing and trimming; costumes re-
modeled, latest styles; $1 50 per day in fam-
ilies. Address J. P., 820 Eddy St., room 13.
A RESPECTABLE woman would like 3 un-
furnished rooms in exchange for light house-
work or sewing. S. R. T., box 866, Call. ,
SITUATION wanted by lady Just graduated
¦ from a leading business : college to do office
work or assist bookkeeping.' < Box 813, Call;
A LADY wishes situation to do nursing or as
companion to old lady, or will assist In
housework; can give ref. - Box 926. Call. •
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress and house cleaner; thoroughly under-
stands general housework; good city refer-
ences. 2216% Flllmore st.
REFINED German lady desires situation for
second or chamber work; good seamstress;
would assist with children; city or country.
39 Hoft avenue. .
YOUNG woman wants washing or chamber-
work in rooming-house. MRS. D., 845 Mis-
sion st .' '
HOUSEKEEPER, by neat refined Eastern
woman; elderly; ' experienced with children;
good cook f.nd laundress; capable the entire
work of small family; wages $10 month; no
postals. Call 1020. Howard st. - ¦ J : :
WOMAN wants work by the day. 2146 Encinal
ave., Alameda.
A WOMAN, good cook, wishes a place as cook
for men on ranch or mining camp. Box 986,
Call office. ' ' ¦¦ ¦ ..¦¦¦¦ ¦
A RESPECTABLE, well-educated widow de-
sires position as seamstress or, housekeeper.
Box 973, Call office. . . ' . ¦ ¦.
YOUNG lady wishes work; bookkeeping, typt-
wrltlng. Address box 989. Call.
EXPERIENCED lady wishes the care of In-
valid; best of references. 1350 Folsom st
A LADY returning to England .would act as
chaperon or companion for expenses paid
to London. Box 966, Call.
RESPECTABLE- lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren. wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call 68 to JO, Kills st, room 131,
between 1 and 4 p. m. '
WOMAN wants work by day; house cleaning,
window cleaning or any kind of work by
day. Please call 701 Natoma st.
SITUATION wanted in a German or Hungarian
family by a Hungarian lady. - Please call
Park Hotel, 26 Turk st. . ' .
LADY wishes plain sewing and mending to do'
at home. Please call 27% Fourth St., room 2.
A YOUNG woman wishes chamber work. Call
236 Shipley st :
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as. work-
ing housekeeper; neat and reliable. MRS.
FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma County. ,
A YOUNG colored woman desires a . olace . In
private family to do light' housework. ' 1412
Powell st, downstairs. <. . • ¦ "
RELIABLE woman wants position for kitchen
work; no Sunday work and sleep home. 23 \j
Sixth st., room 22. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms;. 25c to $l'5O per night; $1 50
to $6 .week; convenient and respectable ; free .
bus and baggage to and from ferry. . • ¦¦:,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore..
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦¦ ---¦¦.
EMPLOYMEST" WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED „ salesman in curtains, por-
. tieres and housekeeping, dry, goods;- capable
• of taking^ charge; exceptional references; long
employed with : good city houses. Address
box 811, Call office. . : -, ; .
WANTED— Work as bookkeeper;: or assistant
cashier.* clerk, business manager, expert ac-
countant or otherwise;- electric execution,
strenuous, imperturbable. N. R. G/ .box
1011.' Call office. -. . . * =
GENERAL- housecleanlng, taking up ' carpets
and cleaning same by colored . boy. Apply to
. ' lOOtf . Van Ness ave. .
WANTED — Position as .city, salesman by ac-
- 'tive young .man, of good ¦'business ability.'
with wholesale produce house: several years'
• : experience. Box 979, , Call office. .
TEMPERATE able-bodied 'young man wishes
work in Alaska at mining. . C. McGUFFIE,
. 836 Illinois st ' ; ; .-.- . -¦ -. .;^ ; .-.¦
SALESMAN- wants position; acquainted- with
city grocery- trade; .-best - references.,' Box
'¦•; 1761, Call office. - , - .;. ;;
CARPENTER handy : with - all kind ¦ of .' tools
would like 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms In 'ex-
change for work. R. D. M.ybox 970. Call.';;;
STRONG young man > from the ' East. >' age : 23,
¦ .quick.- active. > willing to work at any 'honest
. employment desires >¦ position .'with .good
Christian; family. Box 971, Call office. 1
TEMPERATE young man wishes work In AlaX
- ka as a miner at good wages. -. Address box
/ 976.. Call. office. -;;'¦-". ¦/;::¦ .:-. •.-.:%'? .-r:^!
COACHMAN ' wants situation; I thoroughly - un-
- dcrstands ¦ his ; business. ., Box ; 981.J. Call.'. :
GENTLEMAN with- bond .wishes ; position as
cashier in restaurant or hotel. Box 930, Call.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL r ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER,
Fruitvale Station.
$2875 — Extra fine 2-stcry house . of 6 large
: rooms and basement; exceptionally well
built; finished in curly redwood; porce-
| lain baths; fine mantel; tiled sink; sta-
tionary tubs; rooms beautifully tinted
and frescoed; lot 50x125; street work all
done; located in the choicest part of
Fruitvale and walking distance to local
train; easy terms If desired. , ¦'-*.'¦
$1550 — New Colonial cottage of 4 rooms and
attic, bath, etc.: lot 50x100; all fenced;
only 2 blocks from station; good neigh-
borhood.
$2050 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms; large
?ji '' hall: porcelain bath; marble washstand;
stationary tubs; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation; chicken-house; lot 50x
218; all fenced and cross-fenced; In
walking distance of local train. 1
$1650 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
stable. . chicken-house, etc.; lot 41x111;
only 10* minutes' walk to Fruitvale sta-
tion.
$1250 — House of 4 -rooms: - 7- foot basement;
stable; chicken-house; 12 chickens, 1
horse, cow, spring wagon; fruit trees;
lot 65x235; must be sold, as owner is
going East
$1000 — New house of 4 rooms, hard-finished
basement, etc.; fruit trees; berries;
chicken-house; chicken yard; walking
distance to local train; lot 35x140; all
fenced and cross-fenced.
$900- — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms; city water;
'• stable: .chicken-houses; fruit trees and
shrubberies; lot 50x108; all fenced; fine
location and big bargain; easy terms if
desired. -
$475 — House of 2 rooms; lot 50x113; all fenced;
walking distance to local train.
$675 — House of 4 rooms, pantry, closets, etc.;
city water; stable: chicken-houses; lot
66xlOS; all fenced; 3 blocks from electric
cars; easy terms if desired.
$850^ — For sale in East Oakland, house of 4
rooms and attic; 20 fruit trees In bear-
Ing; good well; greenhouse; street work
ail done; only 3 blocks from local sta-
tion; this property must be- sold, as
owner Is going to Europe.
H. A. PLEITNER,
. " Fruitvale Station.
A — W. E. RUDELL. Fruitvale ave. and
Washington St., Fruitvale, Cal.
$800 — House, 3 rooms; high basement;- good
sewer and city water: large barn; lot
30x105 feet; corner; all fenced; 4 short
blocks from station; $100 cash, balance
$8 40 per month.
$1200 — New house, 4 rooms and bath; all
grained In oak: stationary washtubs;
city water; lot 37x175: ?200 cash, bal-
ance $12 per month, which includes in-
terest, principal and taxes.
$1SOO — New cottage. 4 large rooms and bath;
porcelain tub; high basement half
floored; stationary tubs; good brick
foundation; city water; lot . 100x200,
fronting on two streets; flne\ location;
. $300 cash, balance $18 per month.
$2700 — New two-story house, 7 rooms; recep-
tion hall; bath; all modern Improve-
ments: gas and electric fixtures; beau- j
tlful view: only one block from electric
line; lot 00x165; $500 cash, balance $26
per month.
$1800 — House of 6 rooms and bath; mantel,
etc.; lot 50x120; $300 cash, balance $18
per month; one block from electric line.
W. E. RUDELL, [
Fruitvale ave. and Washington st.
j Office hours. 8 a. m. to 6 p. in., Sundays
Included.
$1200 — 5-ROOM cottage, 2 blocks from ear line.
$1300 — 5-room cottage, bath; close to station;
small payment, balance as rent
: $1000— 4-room cottage; modern; lot 37:6x115.
) $2500 — 6-room cottage; all modern; street
I work all done; cars pass door.
' Houses to rent Apply
ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
I 1151 Twenty-third ave.
1 SACRIFICE sale — $5000 modern 8-room house;
i Fruitvale: light; sunny; splendid view; $3500;
I owner leaving. Apply 906 Broadway, rm. 23.
j $3000 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms, attic; . furniture; :
barn: 5 chicken houses; 1 acre fruit trees;
E side Seminary ave., Fruitvale. W. R. Low.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
I 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
[OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. J STEWART & CO.,
• : • 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1800 — Fine bargain; new house; 6 rooms and
;' bath; modern in every respect; street work all
j done; near San Pablo ave. electric car line;
easy terms; look this up at once.
?2350 — New. modern colonial 6-room house;
lot 32x150; stable: wagon shed, etc.; very sun-
ny: nicely located: only a few steps from Tele-
graph ave.; easy terms.'
S2C00 — Nice- house, 7 rooms and bath; lot 35
xlOO; small barn on lot; street work all done;
nice neighborhood; near Telegraph ave.; terms
if desired.
$3500 — Elegant new modern 7-room house;
1 street work all done; centrally and well located;
I nothing more can be suggested to add comfort
.and convenience: rented to good, reliable ten-
i an', to pay over 12 per cent net on the price
asked; don't miss this if you. are looking for
! aa Investment - ; ", V '.*.'¦•
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$4000 — NEW. modern two-story house of 9
rooms ; very large closets ; finished in natural
woods; open plumbing; large lot; surrounded
by fine Improvements; close to car lines;
cheap; easy terms.
$6500 — Large modern house of 12 rooms;
cement basement under entire house, with fur-
nace; corner lot. 200x125 feet; this property
commands an unobstructed view of Oakland,
San Francisco and the foothills to the east;
reduced from $10,000 for a quicker sale.
$l«00 — New 1%-story house of 5 rooms; well
built; finished In redwood; close to good school
and electric road; a cozy home; will sell you
the house and give you the lot.
Business and residence property at Walnut
Creek, Contra Costa County, reduced from
$5000 to $3000 for immediate sale; large lot;
rent3 $30 per month, or will exchange for Oak-
I land or Berkeley residence.
• THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
1016 Broadway. Oakland, and
Room 32, second floor. Mills building. S. K.
$300 CASH. $6 monthly: cottage of 3 rooms;
good barn, chicken houses, fine well of water/
assorted orchard; 3 fine lots, 75x100; street
macadamized; school, church. Town Hall and
observatory 'and 2 grocery stores; over 100
families now located; sandy loam soil; no
fegs nor raw winds here; 2 blocks I from
boulevard and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has fine grand view; price
In all, $800; a fine bargain. Call or send for
circular, 455 7th st., opposite Broadway sta-
tion,, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND HEIGHTS — We ' have one of the
latest, modern, most convenient homes in
this beautiful section, close to Perry st., that
will be sold at a bargain; the house has 9
rooms; everything finished In first-class style
and has a large lot; street work all done;
cement walks; owner has accepted a
permanent position In another part of the
State, and has reduced the price from $4000
- to $3000 for Immediate sale. Call and we
will show you the place. See us If you want
to Invest. Better cut -this out for lnvestlga-
tion. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 471 Twelfth st
FOP. SALE^ — House ten rooms, large lot. 10
blocks from P. O. : a bargain; going to leave
•town. Call at 1724 Webster st, Oakland.- .
FOR sale or rent — Furnished house of 11 rooms,
bath, laundry; ornamental grounds 70x125;
central location: near schools and cars.' -Ad-
dress box 4274, Call office. Oakland. -
E. K. BUNCE, 962 Broadway — 12 small farms
for sale; Investigate; quick for bargains. E
E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway, Oakland.
TO let — Modern Oakland residence. 10 rooms,
garden, etc.,. furnished or unfurnished: THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 046 Market St.. S. F.
! FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
: SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
Mill Valley AdvertisemeDts.
i : — : . - . . — —
SIILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL - '* .
MILL VALLEY.-
40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided into lots the finest prop-
I erty in Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDB
i TRACT. The streets . have been graded and
; will be sewered' and macadamized. ¦ The tract
i commands eplendid views of Mount Tamalpals
! and the bay. , The North Shore Railroad is
! about to expend $1,000,000 to perfect sn ideal
1 ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley.
j . Send now for plats and prices and go. and
. look at the property.
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
¦ . .. 108 Montgomery at.. San Francisco, v
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATES.
SAUSALITO Land and , Ferry, Company offers
at low prices and easy terms s lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
' : and business property; 30 minutes from San
Francisco; climate and scenery. superb; can't
be excelled; call on the agent for, particulars
. THOMAS "McMAHON, 323 .Montgomery n.,
or. at office of company, Sausalito.
' ¦ EMPLOYMENT. WAXTED-^MALE..
ELDERLY ¦ man would 5 like .'- to' ; take" care" of
.horses or cows and make himself useful about
I' the place; city or country; -references if re-
qulred., 278 ; Natoma, st ¦ .' t .v:;.' ¦ *
POSITION : wanted by; first-class designer, cut r
ter and manager of -cloaks, suits and skirts;
best experience; from New York. Box 959,
Call office. -. -. -: ¦.'¦¦¦:• -'
GARDENER wants a position in private place,
'' .country;. wages $25; references given; under-
stands care of chickens and can milk. Ad-
dreBS box 958. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS upholsterer wants job in hotel
- or hospital; thoroughly understands furniture
work. Box 1742. Call office.
WANTED— A situation as metal polisher: six
•.j years' experience. 16 De Boom st:. off 2nd.
YOUNO man wishes position as ranch cook;
best of references/Box 975, Call office.
SWEDISH coachman and all-round man wants
position; 4 years in one place; best of refer-
ences. Address Coachman, 123 Eddy st.
WANTED— Situation as watchman by a sober
married man; : references. S. F. R., 918
Buchanan st. ,.-.¦ ¦' • . . : . ¦ . ; . ¦ . . ¦
YOUNG man, 24 years of age. would like
steady. work In wholesale house of any kind.
Address F. A., 733 Vermont st. . city.
A YOUNG man wishes position as assistant
steward In hotel or restaurant; 3alary no
object. STEWARD, box 1741. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes position as horseman,
work around the' house: 1 handy, with tools.
Address Gardener, ¦ 724 Mission. at.
JAPANESE, honest boy, wants position as
. schoolboy in good family. Y. KAWA, 248
.Ellis st. .. ¦-. - \ ¦-.¦¦-. ¦ y.._
CHINESE boy. first-class cook, wants position;
wages $25 to $3G; best references; not hotel.
Box 860,- Call office. 1 ' ¦•-. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and nubscriptions
• received st Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ..-.-¦.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
- Investigate our 5 per cent income bond propo-
. sition to ' guarantee stock Issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on- London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial .paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
, to come In on the ¦ ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st; established 1892.-. . ¦ ¦ ,
FOR sale— 500 shares (or less) VULCAN
SMELTING AND REFINING COMPANY at
two ($2) dollars per share. Address or call
on JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine st.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW sunny corner flats of 7 rooms and bath. ;
SW. corner Waller and Carmellta sts. Ap-
, ply O. H. UMBSEN O. CO., 14 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flats of 8 and 9 rooms and bath;
very cheap; 1112-14 Fell st Apply G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. ,
WASHINGTON, 3193— Corner flat; new, sunny;
, 8 rooms and bath; fine city and marine. view;
rent reasonable to desirable tenant; open for
Inspection from 9:30 to 5:30. SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st. . "• ' ''-..' :
PACIFIC ave., 2922— A choice modern sunny
upper flat, 8 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
beautiful marine view. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. ¦ .,
BEAUTIFUL new flats, 5 and 6 rooms, gas
- and electric lights; corner Noe and Elizabeth
. sta. ; Mission and 24th-st cars pass the door.
$27 50— NICE : flat, 6 rooms, bath; good loca-
tion; carpets and furniture for sale if de-
sired; owner leaving city. Box 814, Call. :
FOR sale — Splendid modern cottage; part cash;
easy terms; make offer. 918 Diamond St.,
near Twenty-fifth, 1 to 4.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, near Jones and
Bush; rent $25; furniture $400. Address
box 867. Call office.
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern sunny 6-room flat;
bath, yard, basement; reasonable to a good
tenant . . : '
UPPER flat, 7 rooms and basement 'rooms;
fine marine view. 2362 Vallejo st. ; key. at
2364. . .,¦'.-. .. ¦,.-."• ._^
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat of 10 rooms
and bath. 870 Eddy St., near Van Ness ave.
FLAT of 3 rooms: rent $10. IS Lewis st.be-
tween Taylor and Jones, Poet and Sutter. )
FLAT, S rooms and bath. 1618 Sanchez st.,
near , Twenty-ninth, with or without stable.
HAYWARD. 2, off Harrison, near Eighth—
Sunny ;upper flat, 3 rooms; rent $7-50.
HAWTHORN,' 172, near Harrison — Sunny lower
flat of 4 rooms. . ¦ ¦• •.-¦¦
JUST completed. 0-room flat. 2935 and 2937
¦Pierce st. Call to-day for Inspection.
MAGNIFICENT 8-rbom flat, with bath, I laun-
dry and storage rooms. 730 Eddy st
MINNA, 735. near Ninth— Elegant bay win-
dow, 6 rooms and bath. ¦ ¦ ' • •
NEW flat, 4 large roobis, bath and laundry.
Apply 349 Liberty st. V .
NEW -elegant flat, 7 rooms, finished attlo and
basement. 1 Fourteenth and Guerrero sts.
NEW lower flat, 6 rooms and bath. 1333 Ma-
ecnlc ave.. near 'Waller st'; $27 60.
PINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
SOUTH PARK, 53 — Clean modern sunny upper
flat of 0 rooms and bath; $25.
UPPER flat, 4 rooms and bath. 7 Tonnlngsen
place, off Howard at. bet 12th and 13th.
$20 — TOP sunny 5-room flat; bath; convenient
location. 9 Page st. "' . ¦ - ,
FLATS TO LET— .FURNISHED.
TO LET— Furnished upper flat of 8 rooms and
bath; 1716 Fell st.. opposite Panhandle of
Park. BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st . • . ¦ - ¦' .
$35 — HANDSOME sunny. 5-room - parlor ' flat,
nicely furnished; few steps from car line;
' . healthy location; no children. Box 977, Call.
NICELY' furnished lower flat, 5 rooms and
bath; Golden Gate ave.; rent $35. F. B.
SURRYHNE. 138 Montgomery st. \
COMPLETELY furnished sunny upper floor, 8
rooms and bath; adults. 2110 Baker 8t. .
SUNNY corner flat, . 4 . rooms ; nice, neat, com-
plete. 3726 Twenty-third st., near Dolores.
FURNISHED 5-room flat bath; flrst-class. 130
Lddy st. ;
. FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
THE new and , up-to-date furniture and carpets
¦ of an -8-room modern sunny flat near Van
Ness ave.; on Eddy st. Address box 904, Call.
FURNITURE^FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. .7
, range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of 7-room flat, all new, for sale
cheap; party going East. 2936 Sixteenth st.
-•-'-'- FIJRII(1 TURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special:
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r.- 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture ; tel. Red 1354.
_.;_-¦ .'- : ' : •';'¦''. GLOVES. . _.
SPECIAL sale Danlcheff glove,' own make, at
90c. 121 Grant ave. .-
HORSES^AND WAGONS.
FINE chestnut mare; high-grade "• buggy; conU
plete outfit to be sacrlfied on account of own-
er's approaching departure; cash or install-
ments, or . will exchange - for something ' of
equal value. . Inquire HENSLEY & GREEN,
room 14,5th floor. Mills building.; ¦ ¦
JUST arrived— 20 < fine work, driving and sad-
; die horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched, teams, thoroughly, broken; come and
; see them at Occidental Horse Exchange.' 246
. .- Third st. ,WM, . G. LAYNO.' proprietor. '•- :,.
A,LOT of homes for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-:
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction bales every -Wednesday I at
'. 11 a. m. JOHN J.' DOYLE,. Auctioneer. ..
RACE horF.es — The. famous . Searchlight -and
. Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
: 2C Montgomery "st..' - . ',''•('¦' \\ -.-."• '.,-
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard— Just arrived.
., several , line road and business hor»«,°" new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
i San Francisco 'Veterinary : College— Fourth | ses-
• ¦ slon begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A' SMALL '.city- broke horse; single. ' double "or
; , saddle; cheap. 237 Geary st. ¦•-. ' ,'" " ¦ :'; . ¦.-;
HORSE. : $25 ; 5 sets of single and double har-
j ness; 2 buggies; cheap. 70 City Hall ave.-: "'
ALL kinds of .> wagons, buggies, carts," harness,
,- ; etc.. cheap. , EGAN & SON. 2117 ; Mission st.
Largest' stock 2d-hand wagons,', buckboard, 1 , sur-
rey.harne»B.work.drtvlng horses. lSthAValencla.
'AN Al 'express wagon,' single; also light camp-
: -Ing wagon for Eale cheap.- 632 Mission st. '
!;X'V-- : -'\ i v HALLS H TO -/LET. .'.-'." ¦¦ '-\
FOR rent— Teutonla Hall/ 1332 Howard stf bet."
' '-.'. 9th and ' 10th, ? for ¦ a term ' of . years ; ' barroom,
large and smalt halls and ail fixtures connect-
¦ : ed - therewith. ; . For particulars . address --'F.
'¦,'HAGEMANN; Albany Brewery., 409 Eighth.:-
MEDICAL— -Continued. r
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
- fee : low. 906 Market st. opp.- Emporium.
MRS; D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
g specialist; a private home before and during
.. confinement; best medical care; low fee3.
DR. 'ROSEN. IOO714 Market st. ; near Sixth.
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
EADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay St Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
AKD .
TWO half-Interests In two of the best mining
- claims in Nome district. Alaska: party will
leave here the 20th of May; must have money
to operate; Box 330. Call office.
MONEY TO L P. A y_'
A— R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery et. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second : mortgages.
On third mortgages. "«
On undivided interests in real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 551 «.
. H. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room X
A— HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 . at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life 'Interest* in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sixes.
..IF YOU NEED MONEY
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.J.
$.300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, ' Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: will Dur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
; CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. ¦ ¦
ANY proposition, any amount: 6. per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18,
1st floor. Chronicle big. QHORGE B. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential.- TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 105 Ellis st, room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.,' near
Geary St.; phone Red 1608.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
' liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary st. room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest 'rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
• 26 Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Uck House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO... 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market «t, room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
. party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
v furniture, etc, at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. r. 104. Sth fir.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709, room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California,
O. A. *LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Kastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan 'bldg.
MUSICAL/ INSTRUMENTS.
ANOTHER LIST~OF~BARGAINS FOR THIS
. V . : WEEK.
1 Newton, square .-. $.15
1 Hazelton, square ....:.'...... 45
1 Arion. square 55
1 Steinway. square 85
1 Chlckerlng, .square 90
1 Weber, square 5)5
1 Steinway, square ., 100
1 Decker Bros., square 100
1 Bohmer & Co.. square 125
1 BIddle. upright, mahogany case 150
1 Fleischer, walnut case, upright 175
1 Draper, oak case, upright 175
1 Vose, rosewood case, upright......... 200
1 Weber rosewood case, upright........ 275
1 Lester 290
1 Byron Mauzy. mahogany case 300.
" 1 Sohmer, mahogany case 350
ORGANS.
A. B. Chase $35
Standard • 45
Estey 65
Mason & Hamlin 60
Taber 70
Taber Chapel I 100
BYRON MAUZY. 308-10-12 Post st
AS we are closing out the Hallet A Davis
agency on account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sell new
Hallet * Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
some - special bargains :
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber ...... 65
1 Knabe .'. 95
1 Marshall 135
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Steinway 265 to 385
3 Heine 235 to 385
2 Chlckering 185 to 280
5 Organs 15 to 35
Rents, $2;. installments, $3. or your -own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall,
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of prices
nnd terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
acsortment cf best makes to choose from
BKERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. : Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase pries al-
lowed on a new\ peerless Knabe. at regular
• price ; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER &* CHASE. 30
O'Farrell at;, established 1850. -
ATTKNTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— - . ' "¦
. Second-hand upright pianos from $6S up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to. 20 O'Farrell. Chickering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains when you are
enabled to get value received. You get more
than that In every piano purchased from us.
We sell the Wissner. Baumelster and Stod-
ard. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.,
760 Market st.
WANTED — Use of piano for its storage, with
option of buying. MRS. HALE, 1012 Leav-
' enworth st . ' ...
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. .933 Post
YOU may want a piano for rent 8COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO. CO.. 560 Hayes st.
THE WILEY B. - ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Steck. Everett. Ludwlg and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at. once.' • Room 2. 237 Geary st
A FINE Steinway upright, left on eale; no
-reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprtsrhts,
dropped from catalogue,$250. Bruenn,20SPost
$170;ereat sacrifice ;almost new upright. Schmltz
6 Co.. 1C McAllister st. next Hibernla Bank.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st. : Sohmer
end other pianos and plpa organs. '
8UVERIOR violins, zithers." old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place;
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FINE, roomy, new building, suitable for whole-
sale house; in the new business district ;' con-
taining 16.0CO square feet; low rent. RPECK
& CO.. 6U7 Market «>t.-
STORE and 3 rooms; Mission st. between l*>th
and 13th; rent. $15. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
V CO.. ReaK Estate Agents. Kin Market st
TO LET— A store at 1105 . Buchanan st . near
Golden Gate ave. . . Inquire 1P6I Golden Gate.
LARGE, roomy store. 5 nice living rooms. 637
r O'Farrell st. near Hyde. . \ *-'.
STORE with Urge basement, below j Kearny:
to suit tenant- 636 Clay, room 1.
SEWING _ M^^]J I WES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rentc.1. ex. ; repairing •
. lowest rates; phone Howard 145 Sixth.'
FOR sale cheap— Domestic sewing machine In
[' 'good running order. : 1307. Hayes st '
' REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$35,<0 — FARM 22 acres, near St. Helena; fine
land: good 6-room house; small orchard: sell
cheap or exchange for city or Berkeley prop-
$4000— 10 acres: fruit and poultry farm; all
in orchard; rlc-e, new 5-room cottage: exchange
on city or Oakland or Berkeley property.
P.OTKERMEL & MERRELL. 507 California St.
FOR eale or exchange for city property, first-
class 25-acre. full-bearing prune ranch; 40
miles from city; best land in Livermore Val-
ley: r.o agents. Address Owner, box 1750,
Call office.
GOOD lots in Oakland and Berkeley on mac-
adamized streets. Box 865. Call. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful income San
Jose home for city property. Box 9S2, Call.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL KSTATB.^^
FORECLOSURE AND ESTATE PROPERTIES
SACRIFICED.
This is a chance to secure a home cheap.
Call or write Alameda Land Company.
$1000 buys 5 rooms and bath; lot 40xS0.
£1500 buys 5 rooms and bath; modern; very
desirable.
$1900 buys 7 rooms and bath; lot 40x207.
$1050 buys 6 rooms and bath; lot 45x150; a
snap.
$2500 buys 6 rooms and bath: cost over $4000;
rnuet !¦<• sold.
$2500 buys 8 rooms and bath; lot 35x150; fore-
closure.
t-UOOO buys a beautiful 6-room cottage; best
location.
S2S50 buys 7-room cottage; lot 50x100; a
srap.
$5500 buys 8-room home; near Central ave.;
a bargain.
$45(>0 buys a great bargain; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 62xl5C. \
If you want to secure a bargain, see this
property.
Homes Built. Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
FOR EALE — New. modern cottage; first-class
in all appointments; large grounds; In the
best part of Alameda; a veritable bargain on
account of departure for Europe; furniture
for eale.
A fine residence of 12 rooms, bath, pan-
try, etc.; furniture; stable and outhouses;
windmill; lot 125x230; corner; fronting on
three streets. For particulars call on JO-
SFJ?H STRAUB, S50 Market Bt, S. F.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
Bee the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered in Alameda; fine home. 8 rooms an<l
bath; lot (52x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st.
stations: a snap. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park st. .Alameda,
15 FURNISHED houses. $30 to $175, for 3 to
(J months.
Lots on Pearl St.. 50x200, $SO0.
Lots on San Jose ave.. 50x140, $1000.
Lots on Park St.. 50x130. $1000.
Lots on Railroad ave.. 50x150, $900.
Lots on Chestnut St., 50x108. $600.
E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st
HOUSES, cottages and lots for Eale near
schools and stations; also for rent furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO., Bay Station, Alameda.
MUST be sold; a fine two-story 7-room house;
!ot 50x150; choice location; no reasonable of-
tr.r refused. 5C2 Halght a^ve.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottage, 7 rooms, to let; lawn
and shrubbery- Call at 2033 San Antonio
ave.. Chestnut-st. station. Alameda.
NEW 6-room cottage for rent or sale; key at
1522 Santa Clara ave.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
TO LET — Furnished cottage of 7 rooms; rent
reasonable to good tenant. Inquire SW. cor.
H.V.ght ave. and Sixth st. Alameda.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with board ; 3 blocks
from Morton station. 1541 Central ave.,
Alameda. • .
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE BY
MAY & MORTIMER: I
$2.100 — New home of 5 rooms on Ward St.; '
near cars. / j
$2,100— Neat ti-room cottage on Grove st; ,
good renter.
52.500 — New home of 6 rooms; near Ashby
station; large lot; street work all done;
easy terms.
$2.700 — Another new home in same location,
but larger; a snap for any one; terms
easy.
$3,000 for a modern up-to-date cottage on
corner lot in Berkeley; near cars;
street work all done.
$3.500 — Pretty home in the Scenic Park Tract;
near college.
$4,000 — See tills nobby home In the Hlllegass
Tract.
$6,000 — Up-to-date mansion in fine location;
11 rooms; good enough for any one.
515,000 — One of the best places In town.
See our list of lots. Can't be beat
foe prices.
MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center st
WHY pay rent when we will sell you a good I
5-room modern house on a large lot near '
station for $50 down, balance small month- '
ly payments no larger than you now pay for i
rent? HOME REALTY CO. - !
GOOD 4-room cottage; 5000-gal. tank and '
good windmill; lot 35x130; street work done;
lot worth price asked for place; only one
block from Ashby station; price $1200; terms
same as rent. HOME REALTY CO..
Lortn Station, Berkeley Cal.
Open Sundays.
A NEW modern high basement cottage of 5
rooms and bath; pretty mantel, china closet,
etc.; largo lot; close to station, stores, etc;
price $1800; only $50 down, balance same as
rent HOME REALTY CO.
ALLEN'S LIST. " ~~ ' ~
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN HOUSES.
$800 — Neat little 4-room cottage.
$1400 — New 4-room cottage.
$1000— Modern 6-room cottage.
$2000— New 2-story 7-room house.
$3000 — Good 7-room house, east of Shattuck.
$3000 — New 8-room house; good location.
$3700— Good 9-room house; nice location. '
$3750— Modem 7-room. house; fine location
$4000 — Very nice modern 8-room house. - ¦
$4000 — Modern 8-room house, near University. I
$4500 — New and modern 9-room house; central. I
$4750— An elef&nt 9-room house; handsome
grounds. LYMAN ALLEN.
2129 Center st.
IT U very convenient to be able to get hot
water without having to light a fire; It can
only be done with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
I will sell you a well-built 9-room hcuse,
with window shades, combination fixtures;
fine corner lot: and throw in a "Sunshine
Water Heater," all for $3500.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley Sta.
IF you want to live in the classic shades of !
the university and partake of Its intelfcectual
life you can do so by buying that fine resi-
dence of 13 rooms on the sunny side of the
street: equipped with every modem con-
venience. For price and terms see JOS J
MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
"COME into the garden, Maud," sang the
poet.
It was Just 6uch a garden that surrounds
that beautiful cottage of 6 rooms I ,have for
sale near the university; cannot be appre-
ciated unless seen. JOS. J. MASON Real
Estate. Berkeley Station.
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath in the Daley Scenic Park; such a
eplendid view; larxe lot; an Ideal place for !
a poet; only $3200. JOS. J. MASON Real
Estate, Berkeley Station.
BARGAINS in choice residence and business
properties too numerous to mention but call
or let us know by mall what you desire and
we will Eelect list and show you property or
mail maps locating same, with full particu-
lars. • ,
FRANCIS FERRIER. 2121 Stanford place
University station. Berkeley, Cal.
FOR rent— June 1, 1902, elegantly furnshed
new house, 11 rooms and bath; choicest
neighborhood in town; marine view from
every floor: ?00 per month for 1 year or
$85 for 2 or more years on lease. W C
MORAN & CO.
NO. 328 — $1650; 5-room new house; lot 4Oxll5-
small cash payment; eapy terms.
No. 323 — #2400; 6-room new house; Jot 40x115;
small cash payment: easy terms.
No. 330 — $2300; 7-room new house; lot 40x115-
Email cash payment: easy terms.
S. S. QUACKENBUSH. real *>ftate. insur-
ance, opp. First National Bank, 2171 Shattuck
ave., Berkeley. Cal. .„--/
J1K00— NICE corner. 50x125. In Scenic Park.
Sin 00 — Cheapest lot on Bancroft way; 50x
-.30: near university. . - .
$5.%0 — Lot 60x160. on HIlleRass ave.; also lot
?0x130; fenced and ready to build on; between
Dwlgbt and Aehby station.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL
507 California st.
FOK rent — (Unfurnished) August 15, 1902, new
house of fl rooms, artistic and complet-j in
every modern detail; fine marine view; gas
and electricity, beautiful porches; rent *40
W. C Moran & Co.. Schmidt block. Berkeley.
6NAP — ?21.O0: 3 acres. 6-room house, berries,
etc.: 2'4 miles from Berkeley; no agents
P. O. box 93,- West -Berkeley. '• ., - ¦
$2000— $100 DOWN. bal. $20 per month, In-
cludlng Interest; new 6-room cottage, high
basement, rice little barn: biggest snail in'
town. W. C. MORAN & CO.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc. ; eaey payments. MURDOCK, : 514 PineJ
PERSONALS.
•' ¦ DENVER.' Colo.. April 12, 1902. "
DR. G. S. MOORE,
Scientific Hair Restorer. o>Farrell>
San Francisco, California—
Dear Sir: Mr. Farris of Pueblo was telling
me about your wonderful Hair Grower, and I
would like you to send me circulars concerning
Your. -"V^o'Sgr'aSS.
Windsor Hotel.
This remedy will be sent to any part of the
world upon receipt of money order. Price $-50
per package: 3 for $5. Send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell.
A RUPTURE truss made of steel or elartlc
webbing hast failed to cure 10 per cent, but
has succeeded In torturing 90. Why does suf-
fering humanity continue to buy them. It
is not from choice, for there are no others on
the market. HUNTER'S new lever rupture
1 holder with flexible pad has made it possible
to cure 75 per cent with our treatment. Also
a new combined rupture holder and abdom-
inal support for either sex; for corpulency it
can be used separately; for health and com-
fort they are a blessing. HUNTER'S Sani-
tarium is provided with first-class medical
and surgical attendance. 1200 Market st.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
Ing and grow new hair. The Star Hair Rem.
edy is superior to all other tonics and restor-
atives. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never
fails. Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our
office. 3S5 Geary- st. The Star Remedy Co.
$10 IN GOLD saved if you buy your SPRING
SUIT of MASTEN the TAILOR. Any SUIT
or OVERCOAT in the house $20, no more or
no less; all work made under our personal
supervision; finest of Imported goods to make
selections from. MASTEN. 701 Geary st,
corner Leavenworth.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over flfte«a
years: it cured hundreds of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferers every year since: booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
¦ 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. Saa
Francisco.
AT the Harris Institute of Dermatology
Wrinkles, Smallpox Pitts, Freckles and all
facial blemishes are removed without the us*
of surgery or electricity; oome and see the
living models. 808 Sutter st. Bowhay bulld-
lng.
WIDOWER, American, ago 87 years, wit*
some means, wishes the acquaintance ot
working American lady. Protestant, not less
than 40 years of age, genial disposition; ob-
ject matrimony. Address box 990. Call.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Markst
st, between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
first-class bair work: halrdresstng, 25o;
shampooing, 500. G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ton st. I
A— WHAT do you think T O. HERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection SOO patterns.
YOUNG- man wishes to form the acquaintance
of a younz lady; object, matrimony. J. W.
H., 833A Howard st
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J. -'
W. EVANS. 1021 Market at. near Sixth. *S
AT less than coat, uncalled-for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 . Market st,
MONEY loaned at low Interest: gold, sliver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
. or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
¦ .CO., 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
. Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
HEALTHY young married woman would w<r-t-
nurse a baby. DR. JANES. 1025 Sutter st.
IMPORTANT— Wanted, the address of J. A.
D. ANGLO. Box 050, Call.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors, - 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC needle .specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrn.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Brlggs — -Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
: by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; <el. West 250.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress, pants. $2 50.
. Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical cos turner. 2ft O'Farrell; country orders.
I Electric & electric-lisht baths, massage," hot air*
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr3.Traverse,1170 Market
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MiNUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
.MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best com cure, 25c: all druggists.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work: low rates: get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. (M0 Q. G. ave.:, tel. Polk 1423>.
PALMISTRT.
M^E? GT^rNEERGAARD^ reads 1 to 4- TOO
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone PoHt 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLJ, scientific palmist. 815
Taylor st. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 861.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dr««. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C- CDONNELL— Office and residency
1021 H Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
FOR, HOUSEKEEPING.
¦ ARIEL and solar flats, 525-531 Turk — Hot. and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nished or unfur.; tel. East 312. Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove. $12 to $20. .
BUSH, 1001. cor. Jones — Van Nuys; modern
furn. and unfurn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water; baths; electric lights; flrst-clasa.
EDDY. 724 (middle flat) — Fine front room,
newly and well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water, bath, phone, with 2 other
well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
keeping; every convenience; see them; suit-
able for 2 or 4 adults; reasonable.
FIFTH, 333— Furnished housekeeping; 3, $12:
3. $20; 2 beds: also bath; single, $4 op.
FOLSOM, 825— Large furnished room light
housakepptng. $1 80 weekly.
FOLSOM. 863— Large sunny bedroom and con-
necting kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
i HAYES, 526^ — Parlor floor four or five sunny
rooms; bath, gas and phone; moderate.
HOWARD, 238 — 2 large sunny well-furnished
rooms; adult; $10.
HOWARD. 1214—2 or 3 large sonny partly
furnished rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
HYDE, 408— Sunny parlor suite and kitchen:
$18: also basement suite, yard, laundry; other
suite.
HYDE, 913 — Elegant unfurnished parlor suite
with kitchen complete; other furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
JESSIE. 476— Two sunny front rooms, neatly
furnished for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 819^4— Large furnished room light
housekeeping ; gas ¦ stove : $12 month.
MINNA. 281. cor. 4th— Furnished sunny hnuse-
keeplng; complete; cheap.
OAK. 117 — Extra fln-» sur.ny suite. JIG; suite
$8: single. $5. $7: all complete for housek'pg!
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Large sunny room
• and kitchen; gas stove; sink; bedroom; $7.
PAGE, 1630— Sunny parlor suit: front room:
kitchen; private family;, new middle flat-
near Park. , . .. rv
POLK. 1S.TJ>— Two furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms for -housekeeping or without:
1 g gg . bath, phone;. terms reasonable.
; S1F.TNER. 1325, corner~Eiif<»^Sunny rooms;
j improvements; piano, phone, etc.
! STOCKTON. 1206— Model 7 house ;. newly ; furn.;
! double h's'k'p'g rms.; free gas; 9tove: bath.
TURK, 543 — Sunny bedroom and kitchan. com-
plete for housekeeping; gas. bath, use of
laundry. $14. ;
VALENCIA . 1232—2 nicely furnished rooms.
tor housekeeping; gas, stove, bath.
WASHINGTON. 1326— A parlor suite. 3 house!
keeping rooms, furnished. Including piano,
gas and hath: private family; reasonable:
phone Polk 3365. . . . ¦_
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an4
, subscriptions has been establlahod ai 1AM
Valencia st
. ¦ ¦•CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
A car-load ot Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
arc now ready- for; distribu
tion. -All snbBcrlberii to; The
Call nrc entitled to a! "copy of
this BTreat book at the prem
ium rate of, 91 SO. Ont of
i town ' . subscribers c destrtnnr ¦ a
copy of tlits splendid . prem
ium will be supplied on re
ceipt of« $ 1. CO. \ All mail
orders vrlll be shipped by ex
; press fit subscriber's expense.
WANTS SALE SET ASIDE— A; H. Junod.
v.ho bought 300 shares of stock in the Cali
fornia'"Automobile Company for. $300, com
menced a suit yesterday to, have the Gale set
«sld<\ alleging that the value of the stock was
misrepresented to him by A. E. Rudell, secre
tary of the company, from whom he pur
chased it. , .
1j. IT. McL,auBhlin, Grorge . N. Martin
and the Title. Land and Abstract Com
pany filed a petition in the United States
District Court yesterday asking; that th.i
Emporium Mercantile Company of Sonota
be declared an insolvent. The liabilities
aro stated to be more than 51000, of which
5670 is owing to the petitioners. The peti
tion recites that the Emporium Company
committed an act of insolvency in suffer
ing a creditor. P. L. Johnston, to attach
its property by an action in the Superior
Court of San Francisco and in assigning
ils property to P. C. Dresner without the
knowledges or consent of the petitioners.
File Insolvency Petition.
NEW "WESTERN HOTEL.
II Copies. L09 AT\g
J Huston, Los Ans
TI S Roe & w. Denver
Tl N Roe, Denver
Miss K Roe, Denver
J Elliott. New York
C V McMastcr. Mich
O M Crew, Berkeley
Mrs Eddy. Angels Cmp
M W Inrraham. Kans
T> Ttelcemyn, Loa Ans
ww Devere & vr, Cal
•I P Kutchens. Oakland
• E J Teagardcn & w,
Denver
W F Teagarden. Denvr
C E Ibere, Minn
W P McArten. Ohio
1 H Bell. Ohio
i J AS" Adams. Mich
i J Miller. Boston.
r C Ft Henderson. Ill
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
Modern "Westarn Addition flats, 727 and 723
Hayes street, west of • Buchanan. South of
Market street Investments, 42. 42A. 42B and 44
Gilbert strcM. northwest of Brannan. Mor
ris avenue, investments. 112 and llSi.j. south
of Bryant street. Carl street building io%a,
23x137 :R feet each. Modern Western Addition
fiatu, 1103 and 1111 Turlt street. Mission busi
ness property, west side of Castro street, north
of Jersey, Modern Mission cotta're. 2717 Twen
ty-flrst Etreet. Mission warm belt building lot.
cast line of Sharon street,«norih of Sixteenth.
Richmond homes on Second avenue. Fifth ave
nue and California street, and nine large lots,
Tfclrty-scvcnth avenue and D street.
An auction sale of the following very
deslrabje pieces will be held by Easton,
Eldridge & Co. Tuesday, May 20, at their
salesrooms: . ¦-.-.. •..¦-.
Also lot and three flats on the north line
of Harrison street, 75 feet west of Ritch,
25x?5 feet, for $1400.
Lee Youk, a Chinaman, found afflicted
•with leprosy by Dr. Fitch, was sent to
the Twenty-sixth street hospital yester
day by the health officials. Youk was
¦working for You Lung, at 1012'i Dupont
street, and' has been in the country for
two years.
the southwest corner of Paciflc and Hyde
streets, lot 45:10x137:6 f.eet. including a
store with flat above on the corner and
two residences on Hyde street, for $10,500.
Leper Sent to Hospital.
After the arraignment the Judge said
he would continue the cases for. a week
to be set for trial. Courtney rose, and
asked permission to make a- statement.
It was refused, but he said in a loud
voice: "I want to protest against the
treatment I havo received from the police
since my arrest. I havo been locked in a
dark eel!, denied the privilege of speaking
with friends or counsel, and to-day I am
almost a physical wreck. Worse punish
ment could not have been Inflicted upon
me if I had been in the dungeons of Si
beria." Tho Judge at this point ("topped
him -with the assurance that in future he
would have no cause for complaint, as he
would be confined in tho County Jail,
where ho could sec his attorney whenever
he desired.
Frank "Woods, alias "St. Liouis Prank";
William B. Kennedy, alias Richard Jack
son, alias "Yellow"; William Kauffman,
alias "St. Louis JTat"; James Courtney,
alias "Leadvllle Jimmy," . and William
Henderson were arraigned in Judge
Cook's "court yesterday on the charge of
murdering Policeman ICugene Robinson at
Sixteenth and Valencia streets on the
morning of January 21 last. They all de
manded separate trials. Henderson Inti
mated that ho had engaged Attorney
Mack to defend him, but he was not in
court. Kennedy said he had engaged ex-
Judge Ferral, and Kauffman Attorney
Schooler. Courtney and Woods were not
represented by counsel, but the Judge
appointed an attorney for each to act
temporarily.
plaining of His Treatment
_ in Prison.
Courtney Makes a Statement Com-
EOBINSON'S MURDERERS
ARRAIGNED IN COURT
Gustavo Mahoney, on© of the 115 poker
players arrested at the Cafe Royal on
April 12, was convicted by Judge Fritz
yesterday and sentenced to pay a fine of
J10O. Notice of appeal was at once given,
as it is tho Intention to test the constitu
tionality of the ordinance.
Poker-Player Sentenced.
When the case of William E. O'Donnell,
charged with an assault upon Thomas
Garrett, was called In Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday Attorney Dunne called
Thomas McCarthy Evans to the stand.
He testified to having seen Fred Hanstcd
at the time of the assault not far from
Garrett. Dunne then introduced an affi
davit from Dr. L». M. Powers of Los An
geles that Douglas Stewart was quaran
tined there and would be so till May 25,
and he asked for a continuance till that
date, which the Judge refused after a
heated argument. The case was submit
ted and Attorney. Archie Campbell made
a motion to dismiss, which will be argued
next Friday. No further evidence wa.s
submitted in the case of W. C. Butts and
the Judge intimated there was nothing
to hold him on, but said a decision would
be rendered to-morrow.
No Evidence Against Butts.
Frank and Llsette Frelchel to Charles and
Hannah Sandburg, lot 192, Holliday Map A;
$225.
John E. and Margaret C. Hill to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 25 N
of K street. N 25 by W 100; also lot on W
line of Ninth avenue, 150 N of K street. N 25
by W 120: also lot on N line of K street, 65
E of Tenth avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Gertrude K. Dunn to Bessie Maguire, lot on
W line ot Fifth avenue. 175 N of Lake street,
N 25. W U4:.1%. SB 25.40. E 115:814: $10.
Hugh and. Helen M. McCrum to Margaret
Dctels. lot on E' line of Kearny street, 69:6
N of Sutter, N 20:6 by E 40; also lot on S line
of Hardie "place, 40 E of Kearny < street, E 30
by S 5»: $10.
Thomas Dillon to The Gray Bros. Crushed
Rock Company (a corporation) lot on N line
of Green street, 22:11 W of Sansomc, W 22:11
by N 68:9; $10. • .
Kslate rKusarivJSIanc. (by. Jdit E.' Connor,' ad
ministratrix) to '.Henry E.'Bothln." lot -on NW
corner -if Paciflc and Battery streets, W-87:6
by N 25; $7400. ¦
Mary Doyle to J. Alexander, lot on N line
of Clay street. «7 E of Battery, E 0:6 by N
45:10; also all Interest In «»fitate of Hugh Mc-
Cormick, quitclaim deed; $5.
Elizabeth and Alfred Overend to City and
County of San Francisco, lot on S line of
Elizabeth street, 125 W of Douglas, W 51:8
by S 114': $2050. . .
Peter Coleman to Annie Coleman (wife),' lot
on W line cf Capp street, 111:3 S ot Twenty
fourth. N 1S:O by W 80; gift..
Jane H. Smith (widow) and C. II. Smith
(son) to V. W.,j\itkon, lot on S line, of Vall
ejo street, 300 W of Baker, W 61:6 by a
137:6; $10.
Florence. W. Wauton fwldow) to Florence C.
Hays (single), lot on E line of Tremont ave
nuf, 771 S of Frederick street,, S 25 by E SO;
Sift. ' ' • ¦ "
Josephine and Fritz Goerl to Alice Whelan.
lot on NW corner of Parnassus avenue and
Willard streets. W 27:5 by N 04:41,4: $10.
Charlotte B. and Frederick W. Baker to Ada
Law (wife of Hartland), lot. on N ' line of
Broadway, 86 :S E ot Van Ness avenue, E 52:4
by N 137:6; $10.
Meyer and Lillle E. Abrahams to Albert and
Ray Allen lot on E line of Scott street, 112:6
N of Ellis. N 25 by K 03; $10.
SATURDAY, MAY 10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
_-'¦: powder.
Giant ...... 77*i 78%,'Vlgorlt 3ft — : '
, ¦ SUGAR.
Hana ...... 3v4 4>.£ Kilauea ,...—: 91;
Hawaiian- ... — 40 Makawell .. 23V4' 21
Honokaa ;... It 12 Onomea .', . . 21 25
Hutchinson . 12-"4 — Paauhau . .. HJi ia»J
* MISCELLANEOUS. • ¦ " ,
Maska Pack.161 lC2V»|Pac A V A. 2?i —
•Jal Fruit AslOl lu. Pac C Borx.165 —
«:al Wlno As.lOl'k — Par l'aint ..20 —
Oceanic S Co 30 35 |
• : - ' Morning Session.
Board — ' -. >«
50 Hutchinson S P Co. ............. 12 S7'i i
?5COO Market Street K IX Con 0s 120 60 ' !
• « Street — . . . ...-<¦ . ¦¦
$6000 Park & Ocean Cs..... .....120 60
$0000 S P of Arizona (1000) 113 75.
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE. '
Morning ' Session. • •
Board— . . ¦ - .- '
800 Lion 7T.'... ...... ....... j OS
BOO Monarch of Arizona 17
1500 Occidental of West Virginia 21
60 Peerless 0 00.
10 Peerless a 23 ¦
1000 Shamrock ........ .....4. ;.. ,, 70
1400 Sovereign, b 90. i. 37
1000 Sovereign ....................... 30
500 Sterling 1 82'4
300 Twenty-eight l 05'
¦ : Street— • * ¦• •¦
2000 Independence OS .
MINING STOCKS.
! Following were the sales on . the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. • ¦
300 Best & Belch 22 400 Overman .... 83
200 Caledonia ....1 00 500 Savage ...... 15
BOO Hale & Nor. . 22 200 Sierra N«vad* 30
1000 Justice ....... 01 300 Union ....... SO
200Ophlr... 170 500 Utah 04
600 Overman .... 32
' Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
... Mornlnz Session.
100 Caledonia .rT.l 101200 Overman .... S3
200 Caledonia .... 97 000 Overman .... 33
800 Caledonia .... 90 200 Overman .... Sfl
400 Caledonia .... 1)0 200 Overman .... 35
100 C C & Va..l 62 1 ,V 600 Overman .'.... SO
100 C C & Va 1 651200 Overman ...; 2»
200 Challenge ... 22 300 PotOsl 30
. 500 Challenge .... 21 100 Sierra Nevada 30
600 Crown Point.. 09 700 Silver Hill... 45
.. 250 Crown Point. . OS 1600 Silver Hill. . . 44
' 200 Mexican 58 200 Yellow Jacket 25
250 Ophir 1 63 500 Yellow Jacket 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. May 10—12 m.
Bid.Ask. . Bld.Ask.
Alpha, ....... 02 03 Justice ...... 04 05
Alta 03 O.IJulia i— 04
Andes ........ 04 05 Kentuck 01 02
Bullion ...... 02 03 Mexican 58 *50
Belcher ...... 00 10 Ophir .......165 170
Best & Belch. 21 22 Overman .... 29 30
C O & Va...l 50 1 55 Occidental ... U\. 16
Confidence ... 63 j 70 Potosi ....... 31 32
Chollar ..\... 36 17 Savage U 15
Crown Point.. 00 10 Sierra Nevada 29 30
Caledonia.... 90 : 02 See Belcher.. ..02 . 03
Challenge.... 10 20,Sllver Hill.. .. 44 48
Exchequer ... — » 02 Utah ....... OT 05
Gould •& Cur. 16 17 Union 2S> 50
Hale & Nor..' 22 2.1 Yellow Jacket. 24 25
Imperial -— . 02 .
The Chicago Company, an unknown, so far
as any one here is aware, is paying dividends
to stockholders from sales of oil developed in
Kern County. Its stock Is selling at, $100 a
share. No company of that name is producing
*. fc=.rrel here.
.The Bakersfleld Californian reports that
a company composed of Hawafians will
operate in the Temblor district. The Cali
fornian also has the. following:
The April shipments from the Kern
River field amounted to 2970 carloads. The
McKittrick district shipped about ten
carloads per day. These figures indicate
that the reduced rate by rail on oil thac
has just gone into effect amounts to a
handsome consideration to the shippers
who have large contracts. The averaga
saving per carload as compared with the
former rate from the Kern River dis
trict is about $7 50.
The boiler house of the Pacific Coast
Oil Refinery Company at Point Richmond
has been finished and ten boilers are In
place. The machine shop is also com
pleted and the Installation of machinery
is 'proceeding, with due speed. A dozen
large buildings indicate the size of the
plant. Work has begun on. the pumping
stations.
The project of an electric line from Ba
kerefield to Ventura is still favored in the
southern country. The distance is about
115 miles. The cost is estimated at about
$10,000 per mile. This line, once construct
ed, would also furnish transportation for
several important otl districts. All of
these schemes are in the formative stage,
but there are large producers who are
concerned and hope for something more
tangible in the next few months.
The Redding Searchlight tells of the
sale in one day recently of 200,000 shares
of the stock of the Keswick Oil Com
pany. The stock was disposed of at a
delinquent sale and was bought in by the
company for the amount of the assess
ment and costs. A few stockholders paid
the assessment, which was 1 cent per
share, but the great majority refused to
pay and let their stock go." The directors
hope yet to be able to continue to drill on
the well at Sand Flat.
The most interesting news from the oil
fields relates to the plans of the producers
to find an outlet for the product. First,
of course, is the Standard Oil Company
pipe line, but there are other projects
that are at least mooted. Principal amons
these is the one entertained by the com
panies in the Sunset district whose prop
erty is north of the existing railway lino.
An agreement is reported to have been
entered' into by the Arcola, Monarch, Oc
cidental, Maricopa, Obispo and Tremont
companies to assist in the building of a
railroad to the center of section 2. The
distance is only about two and one-half
miles. All .things considered, the rail line
is preferred to a pipe line for the same
distance. The advantage of the proposed
railway over a possible pipe line Is its
ability to convey all kinds of merchandise
and other freights as well as the oil to be
moved.
i Lot, 60x120, in block .1206. Outside Lands.
$300; lot. same dimensions, same block, to Mrs
Margaret Nuss, $300; to William Rldler, same
dimensions, same block, $300; to Mrs. Kate
Mills, 25x120,. same .block, $150: to Mrs. Roger
Reynolds, three lotB in Alvln Tract, Elmhurst,
$130; to G. Wise. ."¦ southwest ' corner Forty
eighth avenue and ;< J street, .; 47 :6xS7 :6. $1200:
to Walter > Mohns. ¦ northeast • corner Forty-sev
enth avenue and J, street,' 25x82:6,- $700.! ¦ ...
Boardman '¦ Bros. & - Co. > have sold / the
property at 1930 Jackson street foe $36.2&0
to a client of : Thomas Magee;& Sons. The
property in question •is". a lot 77:6x127:104
feet on -the j north - line of Jackson street,
ft) feet east of Octavia, and commanding
a. magnificent* marine ..view. "-There is a
handsome residence on the prope.rty*
'¦; The same' flrm ; has just'closed a sale of
Lot. 23x80 feet, with four flats, on the south
cast line of Tehama street, 200 feet southeast
of Fourth, $5400: lot. 50x100 feet, on the north
Bide of Waller street. 34 feet east of Shrader
$4050; nine-room dwelling and lot, 25x120 feet
on the north line of Hayes street, 143:6 west of
Buchanan, $5700: lot, 22:11x77:6, with two
email fiats, on the south side of Green street.
160:5 east of Larkin. $2100; two flats and lot.
26x100 feet, on the southwest corner of Eight
eenth and Oakwood streets, $5800; lot, 16:Sx
75 feet, with house belonging to the estate of 1
James McCarthy; on the southeast line of Ship
ley street; 01:3 southwest of Fifth. $1625; lot
40x226 feet,* on the north line of Twenty-fourth
street, 250 feet west of Castro. 53400. and two
flats and a lot. 30:6x100 feet.. 107 feet north of
California street.' $3300, subject to approval.
Following are sales made by Jacob Hey
man this week:" - ':
.Following; were the prices, obtained for
parcels of land at Easton,' Eldridge &
Co.'s auction'sale last Tuesday:
A ready sale of the property is predicted
by the agents, who are confident that the
natural advantages enjoyedby.it will,ap
peal not only to, home-seekers but to in
vestors r.s well.
. The lots are spelndidly. situated, com
manding, as they do. most magnificent
views, including Marin County hills, bay
of San Francisco, Golden Gate and
Golden Gate Park.
Lyon .& Hoag have bern i appointed
agents by. Mr. H. S. Brlckell for the sale
of a new subdivision containing 100 lots
near Twenty-sixth avenue and Lake
street. The property will first be im
proved'by the expenditure of over $10,0u0
on street work. It will be sold at the
average price 'of about $500 per lot on
easy terms.
Baldwin & Howell disposed of ninety
seven fine lots at *n auction sale in San
Mateo yesterday. .Quito a large number
of prospective buyers took the excursion
and availed .themselves of . the tempting
offers. . ¦ .
Lot and imnrovements on the north line of
Ellis street, 175 feet west of Taylor, 25x137:6
ttct, sold for account of George A. Bromley
tor' $20,000; lot and improvements on the
easterly line of Stockton street. 137:6
north" -of Vallejo," 35x45 :CVj and 47:10?*
feet Irregular, sold for account of G.
Taleri for $25.000; . lot and residence
on the north line, of Paciflc avenue, be
tween Pierce and Scott streets, 2010 Paciflc
avenue, lot 43:7il37:SH feet, eold for account
of J. S. Bunnell to Mrs. A. T. Tubb3 for
$25,000; lot on the north line of Green street,
115 feet west of Polk. 84x205:0 feet, sold for
acount of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Parker for
$12,300; lot and residence' on the easterly line
of Hyue street, 68:0 feet north of Clay, 68:0x
137:6 feet, sold for account of Charles LeGay
for $15,000; lot and Improvements on the south
line of Ellis street, 165 east of Polk* 27:6x120
feet, sold for account of Dennis Gunn to Carrie
B. Wlrtz for $12,000; lot on the south line of
Clay street. 165 feet west of Locust, HOx
127:8U. 'or account of Mrs. E. G. Wright. to
Mrs. Annie Fabian for $11,750, ' Mrs. Fabian
expects to Improve the lot - Immediately; lot
and Improvements on the north line of Post
street. 201:9 west of Larkin, 2t:6xl2O feet,
eold for account of the Kutner estate for $0750;
lot on the north line of Clay street, 137:0 <>ast
of Spruce, 80x127 :8',i feet, for account of Mrs.
L. B. Roe for $3600; lot and residence on the
north line of Washington street. U5:8U east
of Central avenue, 27:2',ixl37:S l ,+ feet, sold for
account of Mrs. J. II. Fernald and Miss Har
ker for $7000; lot and Improvements on - the
wutherty line of California street. 25 feet east
of Powell, 24x100 feet, gold for account of
estate of Sunan Blanc for $6000; lot on south
easterly corner of Clay etreet and Central ave
nue. 27:8',4*109 feet, sold for account of
Charles H. Crowell to Mrs. Leontlne Blum for
$4500. the purchaser intends improving the
property immediately with handsome flats; lot
on the easterly line of Fillmore street, 82:6 feet
north of Poet, 25x93 feet, s,old for account
of Mrs. Elizabeth Hammersmith to Max: Blum
for $3400; lot and improvements on the wes
terly line, of Douglas street, 164 feet north ot
Seventeenth. 54x137:6 feet. 60ld for account
of Mrs. E. Hubbard for $2850; lot on the south
line of.Oak street. 162:3 feet west of Central
avenue* 30:10«4xl37:6 feet, sold for account
of Mrs. A. C. Brouchoud for $3000; lot on the
west line of Green street. 105 feet north of
Fifteenth, 25x130 feet, sold for account of
Hobart Estate Company to L. Cross for $2300:
lot on the north line of Vallejo street, 100 fe?t
west of Pierce, 25x100 feet, sold for account
of Mrs. Mary F. Fillmore for $2100; lot on the
westerly line of Pennsylvania avenue, 173 feet
north of Sierra street, 25x100 feet, sold for ac
count of W. S. Splnnty for $750. Shainwald.
Buckb«e &. Co. have also sold a' piece of prop
erty in San Jose In co-operation with Messrs.
Joseph H. Rucker & Co. for $32,500. The prop
erty was sold for account of the Columbus
Savings and Loan Society and Is on Santa Clara
«treet, north of First, 68:4 on Santa Clara by
100 in depth. . .
Two hundred feet on the west line of Ma
sonic avenue, south of Waller, for $18,000;
three fiata on the south line of Page street,
near Lyra, for $12,000; 33 feet on the east
line of Clayton street, north of Ilalxht. for
$3800; 25-. feet on the south line of Waller
ttreet, west of Shrader, for $1UOO;,25 feet on
the south line of Waller, Cast of Belvedere, for
91860, and L'5 feet on the eouth line of Page
street, cast of Cole, for $30C0.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report a
number of good sized sales as follows:
On account of increasing business R. D.
Cranston>& Sons have found it necessary
to move from the third floor in the Mitys
building to 114 Montogmery street. Among
recent sales reported by this firm are:
Seven building lots on the northwest corner
of Geary and Laguna streets and one on the
north line of Post street, between Octavla and
Laguna streets; a twelve-room residence, 272L
Paciflc avenue, formerly the home of Judge W.
C. Van Fleet: a nine-room dwelling, 2014 Cali
fornia street, north .line: flats corner Jones and
Filbert streets, rents $«3; flats 310-12 Leaven
worth street, near Ellis street, rents 557 60;
flats 1015 McAllister, west of Buchanan, store
and flat, rent §65; 2934 Twenty-flrst street,
neBt . of Folsom etreet, rents $30; a 'business
corner with rents $105, corner Seventeenth and
Church streets; the southeast corner Geary ana
Brodrtick streets, rents $34, and a large build
ing lot on Dolores street, north of Twenty
second street, and- other building lots on Cas-
tro, on Nineteenth and two cheap lots on Dia
mond'street, south of Twenty-flrst street.
ThsVon Rheln Real Estate Company
has announced a miscellaneous auction of
more than usual interest. The catalogue
contains: .
There . were ITS building contracts recorded
for April amounting to the- unusually large
figure $l,4-'i8,5&9 28. The hleh price of ma
terials has kept these figures be^v what they
otherwise would have be«n.
A month ago The Circular stated that the
demand for rtal estate was the best we have
had for eleven years. Purlng March -BOO sales
were made at the total price of $3.6«8,ol3.
April has exceeded March with total salts of
610," ef the value of $5,32D,010.- The eales for
the month of April not only represent the
highest amount ot money ever invested in this
city for one month, but they exceed by $607,
737 ¦ any other month since this city was
founded. The next highest record was made
in March, 1860, when W14 sales were made
aggregating $4,72t t 273. The market for in
vestment Is strong in the retail and wholesale
sections, with no sign whatever of abatement.
In the inside retail section there arc numerous
buyers, but sellers are very scarce. The result
has. been that high prices are offered and more
often refused than accepted. The outer West
ern Addition and the Mission are- beginning to
move,' but at low prices only. Outside lands
and the homesteads are absolutely quiet. This
record of sales was made In the best business
sections, buyers preferring to pay premiums
for the best rather than anticipate values more
than two or three blocks from established busi
ness centers.
year.
Thomas Magce, another prominent
dealer, seta forth the following interest
ing statement in his monthly circular:
A prominent real estate dealer of this
city stated yesterday that the realty busi
ness had never been better in San Fran
cisco. Ho said there was plenty of money
ready to be -Invested in choice pieces of
property, but the holders are not desirous
of selling, believing that property values
will almost double before the close of the
Big Refining Plant on East
Snoro of Bay Is Talc™
Baldwin & Howell Hold Suc
cessful Auc tic n in San
. Mateo.
Propose Short Bailways
• to Make Marketing
Easier.
Many Sales Recorded
During the Past
• Month.
OIL PRODUCERS
SEEK OUTLETS
REAL ESTATE
MARKET ACTIVE
Continued. From. Page Thirty-five.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAN : FKANCISCO ; CALL., SUNDAY, HAY.1 1 , 1 D02.
39
Sfianahan Florist Go.
V '¦' ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices {Reasonable.
107 .'POWELL ST.««ELUS TSSf. 5050
OCEAN TRAVEL.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe- (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con*
netting at Hongkong with steamers for India.
etc. No cargo received on board on day ot
nailing." .
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9th. 1903
£S. AMERICA MARU
....Wednesday. Juna 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU . . ."
• • • . .Saturday. Jun« , 28tb. 1902
.Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply »t company's office
421 Market street, comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COHPAGNIE GENSHALE TBANSATLA.TTIQCB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .2^_'
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4ffrc&m
Saturday, at 10 a. tn.. from Pier 42. SQtfaB
North River," foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
clasi to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflc Coast
. Agent*. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold, by "all Railroad Ticket AyenU.
AMERICA* LIXE. "
NEVT YORK". SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Phlladel.May 28. 10 am 3t. Louis. June 11, 10am
St. Paul.. June *, 10 am Phlladel. June IS 10 am
, RKL< STAR LINE.
,'-¦¦:: NEW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Kenslngn.May 28. noonlFrteslancI.June. 11. noon
Zccland. .. June 4, noonlSouthwrk. June IS, noon
- INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y at.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flar.nagan &, Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAUIER3.
20 Filth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. .
ML Ofivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.
KEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. |
Earnuel McFadden. IS years manager for
the United Undertaker*' Association; M. J.
McBreartjv with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. liav« opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Misnion St.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.' O ¦ .
}27 and 29 Fi f th St. Tel. South 167 1
rUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALMKRS-fl
Finest Equipment at . Moderate Hat esw
POCMS TQ IiET — Fnra. and TJnfnrn.
.AH.CJTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New, cleraat.
tunny: '5c day upward; rate* by treek or
month; McAllister c*ra to door; handsomest
prill room In California attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 1*8 Sixth— Rooms.
CJc to f 1 r r r night; f 1 23 to 55 per •week, and
light housekeeping rooms;.open all night.
AT Grand Southern. 7th and MJesion— Changed
l.snds: 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 f»0 n'-Sht; S2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A-F.DINCtnGH. 239 PowcIL corner Geary—
Sunr.y rms.: single, double; mod, conven'ces.
A-VENDOME. 1104 Market— Chanced hands-
renovated; turn, suites. Mrs, y. -yy. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suite* or elncle«- day
wefk or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton!
Et'RNETT. 142C Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
Hirhed rras.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
VVEJl. 1105— Parlor floor. 4 Urge room*, well
turn., eu. table - physicians, or email club.
CLJ FFORD, 20i Kills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished t;unny rooms; prices reasonable.
EARt. House SI0 Stocktcn «t.— Changed
hands: elegantly furnished, eunny suites; also
single; day, week, month; phone- Brown 161.
KI.LIP. -Cl < Mozart)— Nicely furn rooms 35o
t *l £0 "««*•*: »m S6 week; open all nlgfai
rCL'RTII. 597— Sunny front bay-window rooms
r!cf1y furnished; new house; fi up.
CEARY. 405 (Tf> Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
cd suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 75S — Large sunny room;
running water; bath; phone; reasonable.
HOWARD, 728— Sur.Tiy tlngi* room. $6; larg»
one for 2; reaso&qbTe.
f HOWARD. K»— A nice front room for two; $8;
private family. . *
HOWARD. 1258, near ©th— Jfewly furnished
tunny rooms. $6 rmfl up; adults; quiet.
HTDB. S10, near Sutter— A large sunny fur-
nished room, $8.
JESSIE. SC3. near Fifth and Market— Furnlsh-
ed rooirg. $4 per month and tip^.
MARKET. 1032 — A nicely furnished sunny
front room. $2 a week; other rooms: $1 25
single; $1 60 double.
MASON, 213 — Elegantly furnished rooms-
suites and dnrle.
McALLIETER, BIS— Neat furn. front rm.; ra~sl
large closet; running water; respectable only.
MINNA. 667. corner Sta — Newly furnished bay-
•wlndow room; ?1 per week; transient.
MISSION. IS] 4, near Eleventh — Single gunny
front room, private family. $1 25 per week.
O'FAERET.U 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
cf flees; elevator; «Iec. lights; day, -week, mo.
POLK. 1533 — Large front room; running
v.ater: hot bath; fS per month.
POST. 702 — Nicely furnished rooms; conveni-
ent.
ROTAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lcr; rooms, p«r night. 35c to U 50; week. |2
to f?; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171. corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
rit-hed rooms, double or tingle, by day, week
or month.
S5HERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
£-l"NNY furnished rooms to let In private fam-
ily for 1 or 2 sents; Harrison St.. near
Fourth. Box 810. Call office.
ECKKT room In private family, with or wlth-
out beard. 22SS Eighth st.
SUNNY front room, J6. 1S5A Sixth St.. room L
EUTTER. 943 — Unfurnished, beautiful connect-
ing rooms, closets, gas, suitable for two; rear
house: entrance not objectionable; appreciated
' if eeen: alcove separate if desired; light hkpg.
TATI.HR. MS— Largo sunny room; light house-
helping if desired: also sinsle room.
TENTH. 15^ — Large well-furnished room,
closet: also email room ¦with large closet. '-.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fubscriptions has been established at 1030 Va-
lencia et.
ROOMS A\D BOARD.
THE Co-operators— Nos. 2 and 3, at 643 Fclscin
Ft. and 4 and 5 Vernon Piace, are to be re-
furnifhed next week. These are nomes lor
fcelf-respecting, Etlf-supporting girls with
f=mall salaries: term* *2«Vsnd *3 per, week.
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HAXKS,. 645
Fo'.so=i Et. ; phone R«d 6X23. Miss Flora Bol-
'.-.nger, manager.
AT 1600 McAllister St.. northwest corner ot De-
¦visadero— Large, handsome sunny suites 1 and
finple rooms; t'.l newly furnished: appoint-
mer.ts and table strictly first class: billiards,
phone ; every comfort and convenience.
SCtCELT furbished room and board 'at reason-
«Mf rates in r»fine<1 private family for a re-
s; edable roong lady who will also assist In
light housework. Box 152S. Call office.
COHEIN", The, S36 Sutter st. % corner Leaven-
v.^rth— Nicely furnished rooms; single antf
*-Jit5; all sunny.; table first class.
CALIFORNIA, S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table: popular rates.
IRVING DALE. C26 Eddy — Eunny rooms, en
suite or. single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBUURXE. 420 Eddy — High-class house;
furnished suites or tingle; eteam beat.
THE HEATIL 312 Eddy St.. Is now under the
i management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
' VAN" NF>:S. CIS— Handsome furnished sunny
, g'jiteg.: single rooms: first -class table board.
KOO.MS AND BOARD— San Jlateo.
TTnST-CLASS? family board and r<v>in for
«r>uple: reasonable. Bnx 931. Call office.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WAXTED.
GKNTLEMAN and wife desire large sunny
room with board in small private family. Ad-
<ir«>*s W. P. T.. box U7«, Call office.
ROOMS & BOARD Wanted Country.
CENTLEMAN and wife desire accommodations
•with refined private family ¦within 4l> miles
of !=an Francisco. r.cx 5>7«. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
SINGLE gentleman desires furnished y.unny
front room with private family pre-
ferred): mutt be central and hav«> modern
conveniences. Address F. M., box 1760, Call.
VTAXETED — Unfurnished room br man in email
fiat; muet be t-hear. Box 1757. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— A. F. PAHLKI3
hsving withdrawn March 12. 1902. from D.
M. PIDGF, & CO.'t: show card business.
a 1 ! accounts against said firm will be as-
•araed by D. M. PIDGE. 2T» Geary tt.. S. F.
HAD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made;
city nr country. PACIFIC COLLECT 'ON
CO. 41S Moritgomers'. rooms 9-10: tel. R5S0.
BTORACE AND WAREHOUSES.
l'lETtCE^ODCLPlTstorage & Movlng^Covofl
flee Poet and Powell st-. ; tol. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. S40
Mission Et.: t*I.* Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
Br.KINS Van and Storage Co., GSO Market St.;
1 Id. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates. --"-,-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
T'gny. 2320 Fillmore et.; phor.e Jackson 2S1.
BCBUttBAS HOMES. ~
CAMP Uadran Sonoma Co. — Desirable furnish-
ed <-oti»gp of 5 rooms. Apply H. H. VAIL,
1 f * CEiifrTnia ft.
SIBIRUAX RESIDENCES.
tTO rent ror Uirce months from June 1. two
new. modern re^idonc^s 15 rooms each; new-
ly fur:iish»<J: st Stanford University, on
tampu*. Inquire of CHAS C. BKMIS S24
Montgomery rt..'Rca'l Estate RrokT.
TUKOSOPHICAL. LITERATURE-
I'XIvr.PvtA^ 7;rothtrliood PaTh~~f monthly)^
The New Century <v.eekly); write for sample
«opifs end book lift to the Theosopfcical Pub-
lishing Co.. Point Ixjma. Ca].. international
fir^idqusrters of Universal Erotherhuod and
Yhe.osophic&l Society.
_JTO^LEASE.
SCO LEASE— Kenilworth Inn: romantically sit-
>'at*f1 in Mill Valley; .» minutes' ride from
J-'an Franrisoo; completely furnished; in (r'yyi
•¦ondltlon: 40 room*; steam and hot water
balbs: electric lisht*; heaters throughout;
¦ kvatoTF . etc.: rent low. Apply MADIKON'
f- BURKE. 20 Montgomery Ft., c P.ORERTS
n<-al Estat,- Agent. Mill Valley. Cal. '
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
IN TTPEWmTERS^SVe
f fc«fll better machines for less money th*n any
' hou*e in the city; rentals $.1. The Typewriter
Kxchange. 53S California; telephone Main 268.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter coctors;estlmate free. 209 Sansomc.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies, 2c: mim-
eograpblfcs. 327 Slarkt. rm. 305; Howard l&W,
lf_/"Krien<1s and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, May H, at 10 o'clock, from 005 Turk
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FLAHERTY— in Kouih )~'aii Francisco. Mav
10, 1KC. Marram Flaherty, dearly beloved
¦wife of Patrick Flaherty; and beloved mot!i<r
of Patrick .l.J Michael K. and <:<-ortre * SS.
naherty and Mr?. II. Gardiner, a native of
Ireland, area t."» years.
jCTTh" funeral wIM takr itlat.-e* to-mono w
(Mondayi. at 0 o'clock, from - li»r late, rcsi-
d--nc<», 1543 Twelfth avenue Fouth, between
L and M streets south. South San Francisco
thence to All Hallows' . Church." where a re-
quiem hicti tress will br: celebrated for the
repose of Jif-r soul, commencing at 0:00
n'c!o<-k.- Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRERICHS -In thi.s pity. J:.!y JO, 1002. Louis
Frerichs. beloved ton of. Johanna and the
IC^Funeral srrvlTs to-day (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, at the Plymouth Congregational
Church. Post btreot, near Webster.
FINLAYSON-In San Rafael. May fl. 1302,
James FinUiyscn, a native of Canada, aged
€8 j-ears.
C?*Fn' > nds and acquaintances are rerperi.-
fuily invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 11, at 10:"0 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 117 Itipley iilace, n?ar Twenty-ninth
arrd Folsom streets. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
;LLIOT— In this city. May 10, 1002. Clara S.
l^lliot. mother of Mrs. J. It. Sandford, aged
71 ;-ears.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respec*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 12, 10CC, at !t:."0 o'clock, frum her late
residence, 1423% California utreet. thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where mass will be
celebrated for the rri><«e of her soul, com-
mencing at 30 o'clock. .Interment New Ital-
ian Cemetery.
ERNEST— In this oity. May 8, 1302. Frederick,
beloved husband Of Barbara Krn?st, and
father of Albert a:-.d Georce Krnest and. Mrs.
J. W. Riley. a native of Germany, aged
70 years 10 months and 2-'l days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 12. at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
d"nc»>, 113 Cliattanoora street, thence to St.
James Church, corner of Twenty-third - ar.d
Guerp-TO streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be c-elebrated for the repose
of her soul, <-omnT"ncliig at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross ..Cemetery.
COMPAGNO — In this city. May 10. 1902. Cath-
erine, dearly beloved wife of Lorenzo, and
mother of Emanuel, BalvatoreJ Joseph, Pas-
quail?. Antonio av.d Rose Compagno, a na-
tive of Italy, aeed 47 years.
E^rtemalns at the parlors of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 1200 Mls-
tioti street, between Eighth and Ninth.
CAMPBELL — In this city. May 0. 1902, Mary
F., beloved wife of the late James Campbell,
and aunt of Mrs. O. 5?ke)ly and Harry and
Bert McCarthy, a Dative of Ireland, aged t>2
years.
ALLEN— In this city. Slay 10, 1W02, Margaret,
beloved wife of L. 1>. Allen, and loving
mother of Louis. Lillian, Hilda and Eva
Allen, Mrs. G. H. Sack»tt and Mrs. M. P.
Arenz. a native of Washington, Nevada
County, Cal.
BAUFP.ED— In South Pan Francisco, May 10.
1902. Edward- A. Barfred, a native of Copen-
haeen, aged 04 years.
DIED.
Allen, Marjarct Kerr. David
Barfrcd, Edward A. Klumpp, Mr*-. P.
Campbell. Mary F. Lindstrom, Albeit B.
Compagno, Catherine Luders, Emma
Ernest, Frederick • MeOul lough, Mrs E
Elliot, Clara S. McKittrick, Ana
Flaherty. Margaret Mahoney. Mira
Finlayson, James l J atto:i. Bernard J.
Frerichs, Ix>uis Perry cinfano
Forrest. Louis . Peterson, Henry F.
Gilliland, John i/ulnn; Mrs. ' Anna
Graner, Charles M. Kffrhley, Katie
Helems. Edith 13. Tibber. Charles A
Hill. Robert L. . Tully. Margaret
Johnson, James A. . Van Damp. Elizabeth
Kelly. Phoebe A. L. 'Wohltmann, Emma
Kennedy, Andrew K. .-',
MARRIED.
BIDDLE— FOWLER— In this city. Mav 10
1902, by the Ilev. F. B. Cherinston. Arthur
T. Diddle and Ktta M. Fowler, both of New-
ark. Alameda County, Cal.
CHASE— PEAUCE- In this city. May S 1001'
by t.'ie Jiew John Stephens. Fred Leonard
Cha*e and Lillie U. f'carce. both of ban
Franctsoo. . .... • . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION !
VON RBEIN R, E. CO.
813 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSDAY, m/*>- IStti %
. 12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cop. Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
' ™
1— s -l
27:« 27:0 27:6 27:8 27:6
GEARY STREET.
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OP JUDGE W. C
VAN FLEET.
27x127:6—2721 Pacific. VF of Scott: 12 room*.
: 3 baths: hardwocd floors; fnrnace. range, bll-
! l:ard room, recaption hall, etc.
CALlFORNIA-oTREET RESIDENCE.
27:6xl32:fc— 2914 California, sunny side, wesl
of Bruderlck: 9 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.;
good yard.
COR. JONES AND FILBERT— RENTS $83.
41x70— NE. ccr. Jones and Filbert: 4 flats;
i marine view: bank mortgaco can reniain; 890-
99fi Filbert.
LEAVENWORTH. NR. ELLIS— Rents $57 M.
22xS2:6 — 310 and r.12 Leavenworth. For ab-
solute certainty ut advance in value no location
superior to this.
MCALLISTER— STORE. FLATS— RENTS $C?>.
28:9xi:;7:6— lOlo McAllister. W. of Buchanan;
rents JP5: ran be greatly increased by a mod-
erate expenditure.
1574 POST. EAST OF LAGUNA.
25:10xf>0 — 77:1 ft. K. of t^guna: sunny lot:
adapted lor flats or «1 welling; improvements no
value.
21st-STREET FLATS — RENTS $30.
23x100—2932 and 2934 21st St.. N. Una, east
of Treat ave.: each flat 5 rooms and bath.
S. W. COR. 17th and CHURCH.
100x100, with store and residence Improve-
ments — 3711 to 3717 Seventeenth 8t.. or will
cell corner. 55:6x100 and adjoining lot on
Seventeenth St.. 44:6x100.
BUILDING LOTS — CASTRO AND 10th STS.
45x80 — West line of Castro. 30 feet N. of
19th, in 1 or 2 lots; also 45x75. N. Una of
Mtls. W. of Castro, in 1 or 2 lots.
TWO DIAMOND-STREET LOTS— BARGAIN.
Two lots, each 25x115. west lift* of Diamond.
310 feet S. of Twenty-first street.
LARGE DOLORES-STREET LOT.
30:8x117:6 to as alley — Mission sunny belt:
east line of Dolores. 122 N. of Twenty-second.
.Dolores is 'one of the widest streets in the city.
GEARY-STR ET CORNER— RENT *2*.
25x92 — 2295 Geary and 131G to 20 Broderlck:
fuI table for grocery; (3000 bank mortgas? can
remain.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
bSW~_ Wharf. Pan Francisco:
«y§5SSSL For Ketchlkan, Jureau,
Skasway, etc., Alaska — llj*.
: jyyi^'isai June 5. Change" to" "conv
' ISiijCS'xial pany's st?arr.<=.rs at Seattle.
r^*mffi£xj\ For Victoria, Vancouver,
Pcrt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom —
11 a. m.. May 11. 18, 21. 28. 31. June 5. Chansrs
at Seattle to thi3 Company's steamers for Ala-«-
! ka »nd G. N. Ry. : at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
Slay 12, 17, 22. 27, June 1.
For Lo« Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo>. San Dlcgo and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. in. .
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anseles (via San Pedro and East
i San Fe«iro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Obispo
(via Port Tlarford). Ventura, llueuemo and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., May 14, 22. 50. Juna T.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10. IS. 20. Juna S.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (lies.) — 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ins dates;
TIC" K " p T f'WTCE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DCNANN. Gea. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
NOME *i
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE I
VALENCIA JUNE 7
Anl fortniehtly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nonn
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & C».. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AW
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Foints. all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST OEWVXMSa.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3, 13. 23, June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. IS. '.3
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. tn
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. ?-
Iff rflllSC?! ?f.Oh ZEALAND AiraSYOSrf,
S3. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. TburTN. May 22. 10 a. ra.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu :
Saturday. May 31, 2 p. ra.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday. June 0. 10 a. m.
I. P. EPBICOLS ft BROS.CO., Geienl Alts., 329 Marfct
Gen'I Pass, cum. M3 Market si. Pier ix 7. Paciflc si
PACIFIC STEAM RAV16ATI0H CO.
And Cia Slid Americana ds Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May 17|COLOMBIA ..:June21
P\LENA .May OllTCCAPEL ...... July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral \ and South American passenger service.
<No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R.R. "US?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Fre«.
S. S. Lcelanaw. .Sails Tuesday, May 13
S. S !
S. S ¦-
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10. at 2 p. tn.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pactflc Coast Ag?nt.
MnMT7 N.A.T.ST.Co.'s
ilUlUij* Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about .June l»t
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle.
Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
?onrriAWiA¥iHr?ATi5i
- Steamers GEH. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:13 a. tn., 3:15 and 3:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare S»
cents. Telephone Main 1308. Laodln< and
offlc*. pier -". Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
ACERET — In this city. May 1, 1002, to the
wife of Emil Acerct, a daughter.
COMMINS— In this city. May 7. 1902, to the
wife of Thomas Commins, a son.
EMERSON— In this city. May 7, 1902, to the
. wife of Charles Emerson, a son.
GABRIEL— In this city. May 4, 1902, to the
wife of Harry Gabriel, a son.
IIUTZEn— In this city, ! May 6, 1902, to the
wife of H. A. Hutzer, a son.
McGINTY— In this city, to the wife of Arthur
T. McGlnty, a son. -
MAASS— In this city, May 10. 1902, to the
wife of Alvin G. Maass, a son.
MEDCS — In this city. May ?,, 1002, to the wife
of Peter Modus, a daughter. ,
RAMSAY — In this city, April 30, 1902, to the
wife of George Iiainsay, a daughter.
nATIIJEN— In tills city. May 5. 1902, to the
wife of M. Rathjen, a daughter.
THING— In this city, May J, 1902. to the wife
of A. E. Thins, a. son.
TISSOT— In .this city, April :». 1002 to the
wife of Albert Tissct, a daughter.
BOBN.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
MAEBIAGE LICENSES.
The followiER marriage licenses were Issued
yeEterday:
John McClintlc. 23, 214 Third etreet, and
Lucy J. Sirvian, 20, Newcastle.
Alfred Solarl. 2?, 2120 Filbert street, and
Annie Heln. 25. 1105 Sutter street.
Arthur T. Biddle. 27, Newark, and Etta M,
Fowler. 22. Newark.
James IL Overton, 42. Petaluma, and Mattle
C. Merrithew. 18, Pctaluma.
Frank J. McHenry. 25, San Luis Obisno,' and
Mary Murphy, 26, city.
i«? a r 1 ,^ Vood ' so « Pln °l e . and Edna Smith. 18,
120 Albion avenue. *
John A- Kimball, 36, city, and Edith Nel-
son, 26. city.
Lee Dorris. 42, 116 Golden Gate avenue, and
Pauline Navaro, 41. 12 Auburn street.
George D. Mengola, 25. 100 Twenty-seventh
street, and Ida L. Losekann, 20. 2119 Mason.
William E. Boody. 33, 1131 Taylor street,
and Mabel A. Root, 23. 1131 Taylor street.
Luigl Flrpo, 25, 1400 Ninth avenue south
and Ansriollna, Cleoni, 23, 1450 Ninth avenue
south.
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice-
to Contractors. Builders .and Material Men —
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
pealed proposals or bids are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gallery and Library
Building on -. the grounds of the University
cf California at Berkeley, Alameda County,
• nd said bids or proposals will be received
at the office of the secretary of the Board
¦ cf Regents, room 16. South Hall, Berkeley,
Cal., at or before 2 o'clock p. m. of the 16th
of May. 1902. And notice is hereby further
Blvcn that the plans and specifications of said
building have been made and adopted, and
ere placed In the above-named office, whers
the same may be 6ecn and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. ra.. from this date until tho said 12th day
of May. 1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that, If said bid or proposal shall bo accepted
th« party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
and obligations in accordance, with said pro-
posal, and plans and specifications which
ehall bo and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any and
all bids Is hereby reserved.
This notlc« Is given pursuant to an act
entitled. "An act to amend an act entitled
*An act to create and organize the- University
of California.' approved March 25, 1S6S and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof" «n-
prared March 2S. 1572. relating to the- con-
struction of buildings, " approved March 3
1897. By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents. W
A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary. *
PROPOSALS.
¦• c^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to . attend the funeral to-day
' (gunday).- at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 046 Mission utreet. Inter-
ment at Fort Brazg, Cal.
WOHLTMANN— In this city. May . 9, 1002,
Emma, beloved wife of the late Claus Wohlt-
mann, . and -mother of Mrs. J.- Bailey and
Martha, Rose. Annie. .Willie, Tillle , and
. Freddte ' Wohltmann. a native of Germany,
aged 32 years 10 months. and. 4 days. ¦ . .
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from her late re!«l-
- dence, 27,lsis street, between .Twelfth and
, Thirteenth, Foiyim and Harrison. ¦• Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.". .
(O'FrJends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Druids' Hall,
41> Sutter street, where services will be held
under the auspices of Hoffnung-s Lodge No
]. O. d. 11. S.. Swestern, thence to St.
Paul's German Kvaneellcal Church, 1410
Howard strret, between Tenth and Eleventh
lor services, commencing at 2 o'clock. Re-
mains at the i>arlors of H. F. Suhr. & Co.
¦\VX Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TIHBER— In Stockton, Cal.. March 8 190"
of heart disease, Charles Alfred Tlbber a
native of Sylney. N. Si- W.. aged about 45
years. ¦ -
TULLY— In this city. May 9. 1902, Margaret
beloved wife of the late- Hugh Tully, and
mother of Sister M. Baptist and Mrs. J. J.
Nicholson, a native of County TIpDerary.
- Ireland, aged SI years. .
** crThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at '.r.HO o'clock, from the resldenc
of- her daughter. Mrs. J. J. Nlckolson, 125
Valencia street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for th«- repose of her sou I at 10
o'clock. Interment- Holy Cross Cemetery.
VAN DAME — In this city. May 9. 1902. Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of T. B. Van Dame, a
native of Kentucky, aged 35 years.
C7"rhe. funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ denc-e. 3075A Twenty-fourth ptreet, thence \o
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
fouI, commsnclnifst 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro*s Cemetery,
REIGIILKY— In this city, May 0. 1902. Katie,
dearly beloved wife of James B. ReUhlev
Jr.. mother of Lizzie RelKhlcy, daughter o'f
John and Elizabeth Llppert. and sitter of
Louis. Annie, Lizzie and •' Ernst Llaoert. a
native of Lanc»nheltn. IlesBen-Darmstadt
Germany, aged 25 years 7 months and «
days. A member of the Ladles' Society of St
Paul's Church and Hoffnungs Lodge No l"
O. d. H. S. . ,
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 12, at 9 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 1547 Paciflc avenue, thence to S;.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose, of her
soul, commcnclnr at 9:U0 o'clock.- Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
fljwere.
PATTON — Drowned in Sacramento River May
9, 19<J2. Bernard Joseph, beloved son of Ed-
ward and Margaret Patton. and brother ot
Thomas, John, Edward, Frank. Marjraret
Bella and Joaie Pattop, Mrs. William Han-
nan and the late James and Susie Patton a
native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and
25 days.
PERRY— In this city, May S. 1902. infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F. Ehud Perry
a native of San Francisco.
PETERSON— At Lytton Spring*, May 10 100"
Henry F. Peterson, a native of Oakland;
Cal., aged 42 years 3 months and 32 days
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at (i35 Webster street. Monday. May 12 at
2 o'clock. . '
QUINN— In this city. May 10, 1902, Mrs Anni
Quinn. dearly beloved mother of Maurice
Daniel. William and Frank Quinn and Mr.
M. S. Davidson, a native of Ireland, aged
iO years. iBoston, Mass., papers please
IC3*Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1266 Fruitvalc avenue, near
East' Fourteenth street. Frultvale. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
LINDSTROM— In this city. May 10. 1902, Al-
brrt B.. beloved son of Aueust H. and Ber-
tha J.lndstrotn, and brother of Alma If.
Lindstrom. a. native of San Francisco, aged
12 years 7 months and 18 days. ' ' . ,
Ll'DERS — In this city. May P, 1902 Emma
. Luders. beloved wife of Otto Luders, and
mother of Rudolph Lu<lers, a native of
Rostock, Mecklenbergr-SchJverln, Germanv,
aged 61 years 7 months and 27 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, o28 Francisco street, between Powell
and Stockton. .-Cremation Cypress Law»
Cemetery. • "
McCULLOUGH— In this city. May 10. 1JHW,
Mrs E. J. McCullough, relict of' the late
Hugh McCullourh, and beloved mother of
Mrs. _J. JI. Ceuran. and. William K; and
Maurice McCullouKh. a native of New Ber-
lin, Pa., aged 72 years 11 months and 2
days. (\V llkesbarre papers please copy.) ' '
CFrlends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-jnorrow iMonday), at H o'clock, at her
late residence. 2934 Folsom street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦
McKITTRICK— In this city. May 9, 1902, Ann
beloved wife of the late Edward McKittrick'
and mother of Edward F. and James J. Mc-
Kittrick, Mrs. Thomas Fay, Mrs. William
Glass, P. H. McKittrick and the late Alra
B. Kenny and Joseph L. McKittrick. a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 79 years
(Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. Thomas Fay
510 Shotwell street, thence to St. Charles
CHurch tor services at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery- Kindly omit flowers
MAHONEY— In this city. May 9. 1902, at the
rc-ildence of her brother, D. I. Mahoney
Mira, .the daughter of the late Denis and
Margaret Mahoney. • • •
lETFriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, at the
funeral parlors of Valente, Marini & Co..
1024 Stockton street, between Union and
Green. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KLUMPP— In Frultvale. at 1266 Frultvaie
avenue. May 9, 1902, Mrs. Pauline Klumpp.
widow of William Klumpp, and mother of
Hermann. Otto, William. Rudolph, Arthur
and Emll Klumpp and Mrs. Dr. H. E. Muel-
ler, a native of Germany, agred 72 veurs 0
months and 11 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, 2C68 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third, under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and
A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KERR— In this city, May 10, 1902. David,
dearly beloved son of William and Louise
Kerr. and loving brother of William Kerr,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2- years G
months and 10 days.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth, thence to the Church of St. Charles
Bprromeo, Eighteenth and Shotwell streets,
for eervlcfcs, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 7. 1902, An-
drew K., beloved husband of May Kennedy,
and father of Pearl Beatrice and Gladys
Kennedy, a native of Scotland, ased 37 years
10 months and 20 days. • ¦
EyFuneral private.
HILL— In. this city. May 10, 1902, Robert Lan-
der Hill, Bon of Boyle Travers Hill of Mount
Boyle, Cork, Ireland, grandson of the late
Sir Robert Lander, Baronet of Kinss County,
Ireland, and father of Otto, Percy, Birdie
and- Ethel Hill. Mrs. May Markland and
tho late Mrs. Dorothy Markland of San
Francisco, a native of Ireland, aged 43 vears.
GTTuneral strictly private. Remains at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress. Lawn
Ceirtftery.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 10, 1902, James
Alfred, beloved son of August and Louisa
Johnson, and brother cf William, Isabel- and
Emma Johnson and Mrs. May Lorntsen. a
native of Honolulu, aged 19 years 11 months
and 4 days. \>
KELLY— la this city,. May 9. 1902. Phoebe
Anna Louisa Kelly, beloved wife of John A.
Kelly, and mother of the late John A. Kelly,
a native of Canada, aged 60 years 11 months
and 24 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence of Mr. James Treadwell. corner of
Broadway and Clifton streets, Oakland. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from foot of Market Etreet, San
Francisco.
HELEMS— In this city. May 10, 1902. Edith
B., beloved dauehter of Emily J.- Helems,
ajed 27 years. ' i
E7Remains at the residence of his eon,
Adam Gllliland, 127 Sixth avenue. Funeral
• services Monday, May 12, ' at 10 o'clock, '.In
Calvary Church, corner of California and
Octavia streets. Friends invited. . •
GRANER— In Oakland, May 8. 1902. Charles
M. Graner, beloved father of . Mrs. Janit 3
Treadwell. Mrs. John Treadwell, Mrs. Fred
Boeckman, Mrs. Gus Hlnk and Charles and
Adolph Graner. a native of Germany, aeed
77 years 1 month and 22 days. A member
of GeschellBchaft Teutonla.
. " CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
May 32, at 2 o'clock, from the'narlois of
II. F. Suhr & Co.. li:)7 MiEBlon street, . be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
FORREST— In the City and County Hospital.'
May 10, 1902, Louis Forrest, a native of Ill-
inois, aged 27 yearsj . . :
GILLILAND— Id this city, May 9, 1902, John,
bsloved husband of Mary Gllliland, and
father of William J. and Adam Gllliland, a
native of Canada. ...
late Henrj' Frerlchs, and brother of Harry
and Lena Frerlchs. a native of New York,
agedGi years and 0 months.
DIVIDEND NOTICES
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Water Co., room
16. second floor. Mills building. San Fran-
cisco, May 6. 1902.— Dividend No. 200 of 42c
per ehare on the capital stock cf the Contra
Costa Water Co. will be payable at the office
of cald company, room 10. second floor, Mills
building; on May \o, 1002. Transfer books'
will clote on May !•, 1902, at 3 p.m.
EDWARD UcGARY. Secretiry.FJfESNO. May 10.— The dreadeS •nfla Hopper
Is at work and la some vineyards -west of town
has stripped the vines of their tender follaga.
ate fight ensued. In which th* Japanese
•were victorious. The sergeant and two
privates succeeded in killing several of
their oponents without either of the three
being more than slightly wounded.
Japanese papers that print details of
the affair declare that it is feared at
Tokio that the incident will develop into
a serious International question between
Japan and Germany.
. MONTEREY. May lO-T-Burglara entered C.
A. Hall's :. grocery : , store ¦ and J. A. - Urbanui'
general ¦' merchandise store : here ! last ' night ; and
carried off a large quantity of bottled liquor.
The Klamath Dredging Company was
incorporated yesterday with a capital
stock of $500,000, as : was also the Califor
nla Dredging and Land Company, with a
capital stock of $20,000. .' The directors of
both .xorporations \,' are C. F. Allen E>
Reed, Fisher Ames, J. C. -Watson and
Dredging Companies Incorporate
' On June 10 a United States civil service
•examination will be held in San Francisco
and other cities for the position of For
estry Inspector, ' Philippine service, in
which position' there are- six .vacancies
four at $1300 each per annum and two ut
$1200 each. Age limit 18 years or over. Ap
ply to the United- States Civil Service
Commission, Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary of ,tha local board of examiners
postofflce, for, application forms 304 ; and
S75, which should , be filed with the com
mission at the - earliest practicable dato '
Persons who are unable to file their ap
plications and whose requests are received
by the commission insufficient time to
ship examination papers will be exam
ined. -
TJ. S. Civil Service Examination.
;. tin, Portland, Littell; placed a large bun
dle, of papers of ; the .Perkins
House,, where he live\l,7and a few hours
later trie,d to borrow $25 on the strength
¦ SUISUN, May lO.-George E. • Littell, or
Captain George E.-,' Leslie,, rests behind
the bars of the County Jail in Fairfleld
to-night,: unable to obtain bonds in the
sum of $1000 for. his release. , This is the
man who made a 'bluff", at buying -the
Hatch : ranch for $300,000 cash and who
threatened to open another bank in Sul
sun. Constable Cnorles H. Downing ar
rived from- Portland with .= his man thla
afternoon and to*k him before Justice
Hitchcock, where, after due legal formali
ties, he was held -to appear for examina
tion.'-.;
Upon his arrival here the Constable re
ceived this telegram 'from Sheriff ;S. S. ;
Stout of Phoenix,. Arizona:
VHold Littell. Will come with papers."
: The prisoner . says Littell ; is his ; right
name and that his father is general man
ager of the Detroit Central Railway with
offices in "Detroit. ' He claims to -be a
member of -several fraternal organiza
tions and says he • recently arrived from'
Australia..- • ,.' .... %.
PHOENIX, May 10.— George E. Littell,
now a 1 prisoner in Suisuni Cal., is wanted
here for -raising money on bogus checks
and drafts last winter. He represented
himself to be a Detroit capitalist and de
frauded among others the Phoenix ': Na
tional Bank with a $300 draft on Detroit.
He cleared up about $2000 here. < ¦ '. - ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Thcdirectors are: George W.l Marston
U. S. Grants H,- P. Wood. > Charles N'
Clark, L. L. Boone and E. S. Babcock, ail
of San Diego, and John E. Boal of Na
tional Cltr.^tatemQglBl^raMBaMMfaMBMwi
SAN DIEGO, May 10.— Articles of incor
poration of the San: Diego Eastern Rail
way- Company, -^the- purpose of -which is
the building', of a- railway from San Diego
to': Yuma, Ariz., for 'freight and passenger
traffic, have been filed. . A complete sur
vey of the line has been made. It runs
in a southeasterly direction from San
Diego, near the Mexican boundary : line,
reaching the desert at a point near
Campo, thence ' - proceeding to . the New
Riv^r- country and to Yuma. All rights
of-way have been procured and terminal
facilities in this city are provided for.
-v The" amount < of capital is I $5,000,000. di
vided into 50.000 shares of the par value
of $100 each. 'The amount of stock actually
subscribed i3 $217,000 ; and . 10 per cent is
paid up. The estimated length of the road
is 217. miles.', i" ¦• ; . ¦¦¦¦¦• ¦
cured.
Yuma Have Been Pro-
All Rights, of "Way for the Line to
SAN DIEGO . RAIIJtO AD
COMPANY INCORPORATES
¦ No , sooner - had they started than the
Germans attacked them with drawn
swords. '.? The three Japanese placed their
backs against the -'. wall of /a near-by
building, and met the assault/ A desper-
Sergeant Mlyazaki, a Japanese soldier,
and two privates were journeying toward
Shanhaikwan to join the Japanese garri
son there when they met a party of ten
Germans. The Japanese stopped and laid
down their flag, which the Germans
picked up and began trailing on .the
ground. This . the Japanese resented. ! - and
they tried to recover the flag. Owirjs to
the difference in -language- the two (par
ties could not understand each other, and
the Germans gradually grew more bois
terous and more insulting.
The; Japanese, determined to ' recover
their flag, -attacked the Germans, where
upon the latter handed the flag. to them
The Japanese bowed .: their, thanks and
turned to go. •'*§*mSfc39
VICTORIA, B. C, May 10.— News was
brought from Shanhaikwan, the British
station on the North .China coast, of a
fracas between Germans and Japanese,
in which the Asiatics, although weaker
numerically than their adversaries, were
the victors. Several Germans were killed
and the survivors were obliged to run
from the belligerent Japanese. The fight
grew- out of efforts 4 of the Germans to
ridicule the Japanese flag.'which the Ger
mans were trailing on - the- gronnd and
otherwise insulting. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Regiments Will Go Into
Camp at Merced and
Ukiah.
Owing to the limited appropriation the
full allowance provided for by the Politi
cal Code will not be paid this year to or
ganizations that go into camp, but a fixed
amount will be allotted from the appro
priation,-and the expenses of camp will
be* approved and paid to the amount of
The inspection and muster date of the
Third Brigade is between April 5 and
July L
ORDERS FOB INSPECTION.
Cavalry — Charles Jansen. re-elected captain
of Troop A ; ¦ John D. Fredericks, re-elected
captain of Troop D. Sixth Infantry — Paul M.
Norboe, re-elected captain of Company I;
William Van Buckner. re-elected first lieuten
ant of Company I, and Benonl B. McGlnnis,
tecor.d lieutenant of the same company.
Dlvidon staff — George H. Bower. ' lieutenant
colonel* and signal ofneer, vice Evans pro
moted. ' First Battalion, artillery — Francis V.
Kessling, first lieutenant of Battery 3>, vice
Young resigned. First Inrantry — William L.
Uott, second lieutenant of Company D, vice
Whitlow resigned; Thomas William Costello,
captain of Company H, vice Warren resigned.
Fifth Infantry — Leonard Moreno, second lieu
tenant of Company F, vice Nickerson promoted.'
Sixth Infantry — Charles F. Walden, first lieu
tenant, vice Newell . promoted, and Roy K.
Edwards, second lieutenant of Company B,
vice Walden promoted: William E. Carrlco,'
second lieutenant of Company F. vice Splvy
promoted.
Certificates of re-election have*be<;n is
sued to the following named:
Commissions have been issued to the
following named officers «of the National
Guard or California since the date of gen
eral order No. 2. current series:
Mr. Goldarecena, the prominent Spanish
attorney, and family leave shortly for a
tour of Europe.
R. G. Hanford, who has been East for
several months, returned to this city yes
terday.
John Drew, the well-known actor, and
his daughter are registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MEiNTlON.
National Bank in Arizona
Capital Among His
Victims.
Three Asiatics Resent
an Insult to Their
• Flag.: .
JAPANESE FIGHT
WITH GERMANS
PHOENIX WANTS
FORGER LITTELL
COMMISSIONS
FOR GUARDSMEN
Littell is not the swell he was when
he .left Suisun two weeks ago. He has
a week's growth of beard and is nervous
and apprehensive. He admits that he is
in a bad position and says he will plead
guilty and give Judge Buckles a talk. hop-
Ing to get but a two years' sentence. Pie
prefers going to SanQuentin. From his
conversation while en route from Port
land, Constable Downing is confident that
Littell is an ex-convict and- that -there
are heavier : charges hanging over . him
elsewhere, which he hopes to • escape by
being sentenced here. .-¦;¦
of the deposit. The papers were worth
less. '-^SSEgeB^"-
He ran up a bar bill. of $9 25 the first
night of his stay in the hotel. The man,
who telegraphed from San Francisco to
Littell while the latter was in Sulsun is
in Portland, held on a charge of forging
a check for $360. The two were in close
company in the north.
The classification for those firing with
the revolver has been amended so that a
first class man is one who, firing the pre
scribed number of shots, makes 96 per
cent of the possible aggregate score; a
second class man 92 /per cent; third class
So per cent, and fourth class 76 per cent
The classification' for those - who fire
with the rifle has also, been amended so
that this year a distinguished marksman
will be one who makes a total annual ag
gregate score of 200 at the three ranges
a sharpshooter a score of 190. a rifleman
a score of 160 and a marksman a score
of 130. -,;¦-+•• ¦
the 1st inst. and will close on the last day
of next December.
RETURNS TO THE RANKS.
In the First Regiment of Infantry Cor
poral John J. Costello of Company A has
at his own request been returned to the
ranks. The death of Joseph P. Cardiff,
quartermaster sergeant of Company E, is
announced. Four, names have been
stricken from the regimental rolls— one on
account of death, one for good of the
service and two at expiration of enlist
ment.
The inspection of the staff, non-com
missioned staff, band, batteries and de
tachment of the sanitary corps ¦ of "the
First Battalion of Artillery will be in the
battalion armory on Ellis street on the
l&th inst.
Sergeant Milton A. Nathan, Battery A,
Mrst Artillery, has been promoted, vice
Doscher, promoted. Privates George W.
Kuehn, Raphael Perrazo. James P. Whit
ney and George Nutting have been pro
moted corporals of Battery D.
Twenty-two ,men have been discharged
from the First Artillery— sixteen on ac
count of removal and six for the good of
the service. . /
The target practice season opened . on
Lieutenant Colonel John F. Connolly, rifle
man; Major George Fllmer, sharpshooter; Ma
jor Thomas J. .. McCreagh, rifleman; Captain
William H. Tobln, sharpshooter,, and Lieuten
ant Herman Huber, rifleman.
The following named members of the
field and staff of the First Infantry hav
ing qualified at target practice, in the
classes indicated for 1900, have been
'awarded bars for 1888 and 1889:
Captain William R. Robertson of Company
E, with a total score of 183. which places him
In the class of sharpshooter; Second Lieutenant
William E. Wehser of Company E, score 170,
and Sergeant Clarence A. Son of Company I,
score 104. The last two are classed as rifle
men.
State decorations have been awarded to
the following named members of the First
Infantry for scores made at target prac
tice at two, three and five hundred yards:
the allotment only. Per diem will not be
allowed nor paid from the State appropri
ation to officers, enlisted men nor musi
cians. . ' .
The Sixth Regiment of Infantry will as
semble on the 15th lnst. at Merced for dis
cipline and drill for a period of not less
than seven days.
The Fifth Infantry will assemble for
drill and discipline at Ukiah on the 21st
of June and go into camp near that place
for a. week. ..*-.•
THE SAK FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY,. MAY il, lyua. V
40
Hale's. .......[ ......... ...-. .1 .. H f^5!!: ....'.'¦..¦¦ ¦'..¦ .:: ..J....^....:.-..'. , : Hale>St .:-. ...... ".-.j Hale's. « I Hale's; \ Hale's. } __ a \ e !F.\. ..:...
bttiuli Qet the Ri s: ht ''Weight, Right Gloth, Right Style and to Save Money. ? Another oreat '
OV€V. jZMttK Summer skirts! Hundreds of them— etamines, voiles, peau de soies, j ' f^| ft f^fl'Tl
s~* ' m • g s~+ * j .jili^'^iW (^I^R^ taffetas, light-weight cheviots — in height, of their beauty and popularity . /t^^^ M^RK/ KJKJ LA
t iw i ¥I^I^1 fiffi^*^^*' 4!P9©^K»ik marked at wholesale prices. Not a thing wrong with a single one. f^^^3w> *£**?^VV> r\ r /» i j. jx? 7
*3*J!IU VJUlCt W^P^ First time we ever had anything so good. Skirts have been low-priced j^^^M, B^M&\ Offer JJOW CCL71 t afford
|-^ • - ?B^v • before an<^ wil1 bc l ow -P r iccd again, but it 'isn't often that :^; j ~ -•.;:•-¦ .> fOTYh'SS.
King's .^l^C A Famous New York Tailor Wants to -• ; J&A XT^ For it's a ribbon you like,
(Men's and women's). /toft 1/ /TT/ 'TF 7*>» • J' Tk'K V « • • >-% ' •* • j \ . . , t »-i 1
Hundreds-in newest settings ffl b 'X\ M Ul /%k I )U IT MaKfTl O* Ski ft^ tiffi* lh M l! ' 1-MK ' m S^ yOU ' &
—artistic and refined to the : /'kit |\ l \ /}U '// '/jl\ — ¦ M^.S K - 7IV11 *-^» ~ /¦/ / //l\ R^f'lP^xA, you like— .
highest degree— SO beautiful I'/XJi J\ \ r ill //// }\ \ Here's 'one that did— a Rood friend of ours— a house we buy regular ¦¦ / M • / //A\ \ Yh^ /^Wn ? ¦' * "r 9 *~* 4 ~ °
you'd be captured with them l'^®^#TVU^W/ %\ stoct from-so much .that-it's. natural' .he would turn to us with some _¦ \ J-jl\ \/ \<\K^/\\ 1 W&l'A W©lllS
-r j-j i • I Wffitt Iviri^ yflA^ W\ bargains when he had them.' He is going to make nothing . but suits . K ~^{l*j£^& J \' \ M ? ,* , ; A^ ' : wm T
even it you didn t see their \ f/m! \^V^ \ / \ now - He says he hasn't time.to fiddle around trying to peddle out what . x '-^<st^w\ Rntid nnlnr fancAi
prices. But when VOU do Wl/f V skirt stock he has on hand. -Heir take less money if , we 11 buy it all. \ • "' \ "A \f ¦ ¦ -* \ nrvrJeJ o+i^-nJj cJ/h
, n , " \ I! j ; I Vil We did. .It arrived last week. Store women went into ecstasies over it -ow k *)i\ \ COTCLCU/ burhfjfiU/ bLLK
you 11 see tney are iff I I » %,%& while it was being marked. • - •_ ¦ • - -'y^Vi ¦ ' *• V tCffTBtOj TLBdrlll II ZJ2
A 1^ f_| f.£ I \ ¥¥ It isn't the low prices we are so proud of (though many, of them " -'Is' \ Tv LfA JJy w '™ w J "T "¦'
ADOUt I] 2.1 i $M75 \ !¦' li^ are lower than we ' ve ever known them to be) as it is the quality of T^^ i W ' U"lCte»
| ' '. : f v ' | W the goods, the way they are made up— shaped and sewn and trimmed. <t/in/> O-'Jt /? 7 $G*75 ° o , o , , _, . , . , tj
What you'd expect^ tO I \ $2.95 I \\ Add to that the great variety of styles— all new— none you don't * <V«i£r .j ..-I' SySSti 0680 yards! Think of that!
pay. Jhwlll ' 7/\ Uke-and you'llsec this is an : 4^7 I I® '' Not a job lot of a few. oft
To say you may have $4.50 | M } J A ItTinnil^nt Qi/i'nf 'Q^iI^ h I 'W'^/l ' J^ " shades that wouldn't sell at
-and $5.00 rings for $2.50 J\ \\^TOk / I ®(\ IlllpUI idlH ORiPL OdiG* | >J ' ..JfcfK 'jfeJL^ Jf\ pnees. But plenty oi
doesn't mean much UnleSS VOU / S ll\\\V A MW V There's to b« ble selllnr. but no hurried selling; Every on« will be fitted . In '• -. xh^^l A^^V_"/# 1^ bright, beautiful Colors
, . / / U :U\\ \ y^S^ J^l \ fo**^ private rooms. We'd like to have you come and see the skirts even If you don't buy. S W~^ ¦ V I\^^M jt J2f/\ PlnW 'N^ Ll^ht Blu«
See the rmgS Compare them / | WVv X\ V^^^^SSS' 1 L^P^V SeC that )lS wlndow - fu11 . anyhow. Flratone to startle you will be these. • . s.S P I B V^U®^ r^ m *^ S r VZr\ Maize CardlxS
—notice their perfect finish ( J V^Ss^^^^^fcw^s^ ? Extremely Stylish Skirts, Worth $4.50, \A'^$L?^^^^r^^ SS1SST ' %£$
(such as only is found in best V^^^S^Js^^^^^^/Z/X. <-¦ ' at; $295 Vj!^-^^^^^-^^ 4%^* - /^ has a brilliant finish; a
rinses), study the stones — see v& \, N **— n^^w^S^^^^^/ Look at the i^'ty «« the cheviot— sne heavy aii-wooi: look at the workmanship— eoodweisrht — nothing cheap
0 ' J , V JL«_J^^^^*^ ' . 1 W~ /^g^g^>^ three broad bands of stitched satin; look at the- shape— the ityle; look at the lining— . NJ? 1 *^^^^ - =cs*r^"™^^ ' o 0 o r
IIOW many new Ways they are : "w-^— -*.. securely bound with corduroy. , They all have -flowing flouncei— black only; 103 in all. "~ — 1 . gs^^ L looking about it. One never
m6unted. The pearls, opals, At $5.00—^ n ™&? U Juaj 1 5 t of nS tne At $6.75— Handsome broadcloth^and Broadcloth,. .cheviot; At $14,75— Ta . ffeta silk, ' peau . de At $IQ 7s— Etamiries, peau de soie, shown before,
turquoises and amethysts are cheviot and the care and cheviot skirts, with a - . homespuns . or etamines, . soie, etamine. nun's v y ' J taflFeta silfcs— many dif- Would be 2^C if we hadn't
/• _, skill used in the ma^ingr. If swing and style to them lined or unlined— blacks, , veiling, cheviot, fcrent stvles »*Y UiU "*=¦ *&- " *- "««** •¦
real Stones. 1 he rubies., emer- i?*****! iuli y0 5 U far beyond what the same " blues, grays, castors. \\ flounced, trimmed with - bought. SO much. But we
aids and sapphires are doub- yard swllp. ordinary skirts money usually Rets. Black, At $12.75— Taff , eta .,. silk \ etam in «. . silk bands. ¦ • .' \ ¦¦'wanted' a eood thing, and we
,, t n ,- . , only have 4%. Comes in blue, gray— plain or trim- Y /.\r nun's ve ling, broadcloth At $17*0 Basket cloths, etamines At <t?n Peau de soie silks and .. « "*"*&» a " u vvc
lets of first quality. And - S e a f Vi^il^sYtin^d med fenced? Of .::,: or cheviot, ; in.. black. f^ J^ 0 . nun's S.TS kneAy youM take more of it if
prices? moire straps, flounced; , 125 . course ; that s where they blue, Oxford.- cream .or and silks— all have trim- and trimming; several if was extra COod I4C
S2.25 $2.50, $2 75, . of them. N.I get their lines. v i^M^^^'^^Mt^^MM^^^^^^ StyICS ' Q Q
$1 OO S3. *O 'to 5S on They're bargains if there ever were bargains, but to get the full force of them you must see them. The skirts have all been tried on living models before we accepted them. We won't sell n ', «
V T '• , ,fr. * w»w* 3'ou at a bargain what is not good enough to sell at regular prices. ; ". . . . ' ! \ *-*
Usually they'd be $4-50 to $10.00. , ! : . . v >-r - ¦' --t /^r | ' : -
Not one of them has ever been on O ; ; --;- — ¦ . ; ; ¦ -. i \ , __ . ; Q jQftVI j3.l&-"''
S,SS£^£ i Qreat Factory Sale of Muslin Underclothes. —
any one else. Every item is special— bough t for week's selling — offered to-morrow first time.. 25c Muslin Drawers lie; 12j^ c Corset Covers 8c. Also Gowns, Skirts and Chemises. 10 000 pieces HCbtJ JrriCe.
We wanted something out of the averaging~i-3 and y 2 under regular prices. £ , ' ' ,
3g-^SK^B£ Full Particulars in To^Day's Examiner. x . . ;,
0 ® ° ...... .-,..,.. ""^ ....¦• .. : : — : ..r. . ,. . ' — ¦— • o .as ivory. Some say it's better
Sale of Bedspreads. More Silks UnderoriGed. Glassware. iif r vshingIace3
a t j. j. ip j. en * AJ x ,, r „. Sfi\ - * . JT y . r, Erery Price fs Specfaf. : Price Monday first time
t/lrt lTYVpOrtCUTlt JltVent. Silks, too, we expected to sell most of. Pinest black taffetas, peau de soies, moires and fancy colored silks. « ¦ ¦ . - . • O__: ; Q
. Rich lot, rarely priced— the best for the money we know of. • ZH YTPyi . 1
Every kind of a good spread-such as we sell every day- $1.25 Waist Silks at 79c 7V Colored Taffeta at 5 oc>~ ' $1.00 Black Taffeta at 75c. ¦ Dinner Set $7 8*' 1 faarS 2
but extra quantities Of them and some exceptionally low prices. Fancy striped taffeta and Louisine, c nl(in/ ,M- ni ,,r f t ¦ , • T t ' s our well-known guaranteed taf W::- M U** 1 &
This is the first big bedspread sale we've had. It means ]^%^^^^^^ J^^o^TZ f$j$0&M£M*§ M^ffSStfS-SiS S V-^,,. =1
much to the housewife, the hotel man or lodging-house keeper-. youwoiTn'^xp^.rLrat'TTar^^ here arc K ood. _ SJ^u" h .^JhrioS' toThr^fbuy- " " lers< ""- WM& °^- . cakes, too, so
not so much the money they save (though that's important) but gain- ' 7*c Black Taftptn. nt Anr ers - A new lot comes forward to-mor- 25c Gas Globes ioc. good and so big they sell right
the quality they get and the thousands they may choose from. tj-oo Fancy Silks at 6 9 c VinfswU Z V -7' \ T'^Tl^ - c • /x ' 4 f» h b T d crystal slass ' bel1 shap «' ta along at 8c (3 for 25c). 3800
Tf > e , coU '„. ... r n * -vt , t . .. J 2'itl Taffeta ground with a twilled stripe, Fine Swiss stuff, 22 inches wide. A 85c Black Pcail de SoiC at 6oc. 4-inch size. bars— all we rnniH hnv Hn
Its a sale— a new kind of a sale. Not a foisting out of two or very heavy, popular colorings-20 weight and quality we usually find at 2 o feffig aU . silk too Best dve y and r n u , & • '
three odd lots or an exploiting of some cheap flimsy spreads at a indles wide - y 75c; our price 60c for anniversary. fi n i sh . .' ' • Gas Uobes 2 5 C - , saIe downstairs.
low price in order to get folks here in hopes of selling something i^lA'i^ A f\*i~^~ tv j " & ' etched 6 pattwn^-iSh^'ize? 1 Gas Stoves, 25c.
else No! No" ' & - COlOreCl UreSS VJOOUS. ValUe3 ' bUt take yOUr ch0lCe now at 2Sc ' I corner, measure 8% Inches a«ro a3 .
" _, " . _. - ¦_, .,. . J ' ' t> -l o ¦ stand ty Inches high, large enough
The spreads would sell themselves without a particle of news- 60c French C ha Hies 440. Mistral 75c. $1.00 Covert Suiting 75c.- Toilet Sets $2.95..: for tea^ttie^and n^o^cheap^but
paper expense — SO good we see a chance of 'a big advertisement This season's stuffs; very desirable for A soft, gauzy fabric, 4S inches wide, Fancy mixed in all the oooular col- 10 Pjf ce . s : all large pieces. The basins . _
• r 'i 1. , c , *"* : ¦-^ v shirt waists housi' parm^nt* Manv^. with a good weight for full costumes • in an tne popular coi- are roll edge ones, decorated and tinted In Gas Tubinff 4c— Rubber, best qual-
in them for us if we can boost them for a week. S a p cite,". *™ Ma " y<ie Awfr $..oo |tae||^S| S^^pSpS^^l °"~ Ei * iliwfeS VI °"" a £«7 Carp.t Sw.p.r, $1.35.
$1.25 White Crocheted Spreads occ. ¦ ,."¦¦ • , A '^>">" 50c sary7 5 p an ama sistmp ¦¦/«. $1.25 Coiorea Broadcloths Toiut sets i^y i^LsPfi-SB J&rl Jrz:
w».». y,m wu%>^7 y^v. Comes in all the popular street and A fine all-wool material, with a basket y'atfl.OO.' ,„ i2S2 n S ra L a .l c< '? Uon . hoeany. x much lower price than
They're good heavy ones for double ;beds— they measure SSM*^,°5S of thosc s ? lis . h - ™ eave i com ' s I* fan^, mi « <1 -'"'o." »' so inches wide, in all the new. nn-to- «»i " o"od SiS? Wln'Tjioo.""" "" y cZrert 3 BlJftrTl0c^R*ttai. tta-
80x90 inches; hemmed. 300 and no more -.vhen they are gone. to^'thfs se'son?"!' inch°es wide." '" T^^' tg ' h ' """' '^ M$t$£. A strikfa « >" ni «"^ O. V _____ L ™ ¦»*»*¦ »ff h^"- '"^
1^ ?°£] s *z?£ n y -rx£t ntT * Linings unusual Also. Embroidery Glfers
hemmed and ready for use. S1.25 Colored Spreads at SI OO t,n«c«^i c ; nn «««j *• t • i - t vi. u-'t. x t t ' • •'"¦ ¦ : '-~Z~, t \
t u t_ «pA«""— —unusual occasion— good time for us cial items with which to celebrate our ¦ Fmirir PorrnKuse T-r Hf /7»« 7?^.—^^^ e«-«A
OOc Spreads at 75c_White cro- K1 heavy - , ones : hcmmed - red - to spread ourselves. anniversary this week. . i , trcncKKrcahneS IjC f Uf the . Rarest SOTt. \
rhotrA t c nrM^c fr.r Ar>,,hU h**<z t-» y "ght blue, pink and green. _/; ,. . . A t , • , _., . _ 30 popular shades as well as black. Too good to expect very often— ?c embroideries at 2 r Ac- ioc ones at ce-
S^£l?£t&^ I*™ *^ « y *l.™-^\™d The lining <iepartm«n has K rown so I] IOC Silesia 8l- 3 C Like-Satin 2 5 C. »54c and 15c ones «7Hc ¦¦nt^v™*\i™^n^&i*S&
ones, fringed, double size. tast ; ha s such a fine, fulV stock of what A staple stuff in black and two shades The name tells the story— black— 16 r> mc ?' desirable Patterns, too. ¦
White Spreads .?1.5O— for double Satin Quilts at $3.00— White ones, you want that we've picked out 3 spe- of slate, brown and tan. - colors. '¦ Regular stock couldn't offer better advantages even for twice the money thaff
beds; they're extra heavy, hemmed. heavy and beautifully hemmed. ~~— — ———————— ———_———. tne sa ' c docs wc start to-morrow morning.
-- ... — - . 717BT f* ¦',-.'¦ W T < ,/ ' Could any yalues.be more acceptable? More real? More important? It's this
$2 OO MarSellleS SpreadS at $1.60. N\&X\ '¦ I Xt\{\'fXt*\XT'.f±fXt*' SrydoingT ehnCSSthatslcndinj?suchinte^and enthusiasm to the anmver-
wt u A . ' ¦ ¦.* r iT1V1 4 4J y WIUllIVl %^> IIUVI TYWCll 9 For. skirts and underwear and children's dresses these are just the trimming
150 of them, pure white, heavy designs. They measure 76x90 inches— for - r . . . :.^. : : v 2t/eYard • a v . J u "™"*
doub^ beds (t . 4~* a *- /L \ ' " Z 2 . . %?C TaPJ-—
.,.=« ,U«_ Spreads ,3.00- ?2 . 2I5 U^ a Sp rM d. at ?3 .00 ' . . $1.00,08^18 6^C. _. SS^ST "«* " - V Ji££, SLSSS^S^SA
80x90 inches, in elegant raised de- 76x87 inches, hemmed, new de- - Fine ribbed cotton garments, with silk facing, pearl buttons, overcast seams, French neck— 2 shades— golden 5c Yard — '~.'u-'-:' . -'¦> l2*Ac Yard —
signs, hemmed. signs. . brown and fawn. A little price just at the right moment— 62^c instead of $1.00. . . Cambric embroidery edgings 1 inch Cambric and Nainsook edging*, 2 to I
. . . . j to 2% Inches; 1600 yardsT * * *- m CD jfoy^fi™ *****
N*XU MprrArfTPll Ovf^r/lc 17V T MarkePSu, T 4as —. 'W' / t Market St. T I^ n if es ?^a^ k ed^
V>Y llICiWCliACU l;AIUlil^ U 2 U Near6th, W^^ Meareth' Sy 3 cYard- ' ¦ Heav7 cmbrle embroidery. 4 to W
A Regular 2 oc Cloth. Opp.Gorden M M^^^^^^^ Opp G^ldln ' ~ Sg-Jg^- «^^
One of the new fabrics this season much sought after for outinsr dresses ~ M . . ' /Mm "_ -- ---***^ 'ZZTZr^ZZT^a**' "^^^ ~ : ' -> 2OO PpT- iere^ Hnlf Pa ire - Half D*.:^ A
and xvaists. .Comes 27 inches wide, all the light colorings, fancy striped de- I Gate Ave. *— * ®®ffl2g&^ Gate Ave. T h e manifacTurer ha! , th " a. 8ea lof or _Tp" J«w u _t» fc witi.
signs; 25 pieces at almost half-price— 1 2^c instead of 2oc. : £. & ¦ Hga^tt«n_4i M aM_Baa»w B ****^ 1 c , "^ ™™l f* for the5^n"thS^^« ISS
Our, patent mouse- I
V proof kitchen tab'e 4 -hk g
week only . . $2.25 %
Your hcme furnished 3
complete from our large 1
assortment of furniture, 4
carpets and draperies 9
for cash or lUtle amounts |
T. 'BRILLIANT I
FURNITURE CO. l]
338-342>OST STREET, U
.Opposite Union' Square. u
t