no_textTHE SUNDAY 'CALL.
2
A flag swung high' on a rampart bold,
And the soldiers saw it blow; . .
And the sun went idavv 11 and the stars came out,
And over the field' died '-. the battle shout,
. While the sentries 'paced to and fro.
A. bell tolled loud ii^ the midday air.
And a flag fluttered over the trees.
And the people gazed with proud demean
On the flag that flaunted the starry thirteen,
High in the midsummer breeze. |
? .'.¦*' . ' -. -¦¦-
The stars have grown since that far-off day,
* And the stripes are true and bright,
And over the country they sweep afar — ¦ .
Gallant each stripe and gallant each star —
Shining by day and by night. ,;
A single bell tolled in the long ago .
To rally the brave little band,
Where chimes now peel in the. stiffening breeze,
And shouts ring joyously over the seas,
And flags wave over the land: :
THE FLAGThe path winds on and -beyond a gate
from which there spreads on either side
the ranch fence that incloses the. few
acres of canyon. On ' the sloping S sides of
Out In the hills live a few old fighters
who are the most independent In. their,
manner of living- of all. To them nature'-!
is ; an open book and they study it well, j
One . of the most picturesque of these .
habitations is "John's cabin"; in the Her
mit's Glen. One climbs up through : the
buckeyes, the mountain laurels and the
oaks, to reach a narrow path, or trail;
that leads downward through the ferns '
and lupines to a little > spring that lies a
placid mirror In the green.
the outside of which appears in bold let
ters the legend, "No credit."- Three uard
boiled eggs for 5 cents are the rates, and
each egg is carefully wrapped in news
paper. Judging from the numbers sold
the veterans are fond of eggs for lurfch
eon. In the great dining-room, where. the
walls are hung , with warlike reminders
in the form of names of famous \ battles,
breakfast . finds the largest and most;
cheerful crowd. of the day—about 550 sol- :
dlers usually discussed a good meal. , •
: It is not long, after breakfast before the
"fatigue" ¦> line forms, made up of those
who are able to work, - and some task
In the grounds is alloted them. It may. be
pitching hay, or- weeding, or it. may
be to go and get ferns to - decorate the
theater on the occasion. of v some enter
tainment, for two or three times a month :
the veterans are entertained by, some ag-;
gregatlon, be it only a barnstorming com-'
pany composed of; one- man. The. veter-'
ans have a very simple but cutting,man
ner of signifying | when the show does
not come up to their standard. They;
simply walk out of the hall.
Not far away lives in a quaint little red
roofed house up against the hill a member
of -the home band,*- who would not 'change
places with those who live" more in the
Here abides" William Johns, whose ¦ an
cestors' settled ' the •: town' of Johnstown,
Pa. Private. 'Johns . was»in .the .Army of
the Potorn'ac when? the iast shot of. the
war was fired: Now he has lived t aniong
the haunts of "Nature. that never did be r
tray .'.the heart that : loved her," ; for "the
past eight "years. He > has passed ¦ happy
days In the little cabin, the -Interior of
which is a marvel of; neatness and In
genious ' arrangement, ; not ¦; the : least of
which is the atoye made entirely by Johns
himself, from -the parts of , "an .old range.
The beginning of this little_home was in;a
drygoods , box. ] Private Johns was j ah' ex-'
pert in canemaking., He took this box
up in; the canyon where he was fond of
working, to keep his tools in. The charm
of the spot grew upon him and he finally
asked permission of the commandant : to
sleep in his .box workshop. It was grant
ed. Then the. box grew by degrees into
a • house, and the . tidy walks '¦ and > garden
beda began to beautify, the glen. 'Now
"John's . cabin" Is a favorite resort. '
the narrow canyon bloom roses and ger
aniums; and In the sunny spots are rows
of healthy lettuce and garden .vegetable?.'
The buckeyes and the madrones make a
vista of foliage. Nestled in It is a cabin,
scarcely larger than a dove cote, spot
lessly white and cool. -Below a pictur
esque flight 1 - of ' steps runs a balcony,
rough, yet romantic enough In its out
look to stir envy in the heart of a Juliet.
Peaceful above all It is, yet the branches
;that wave above . have . murmured often
to "tho < sound' of /stirring stories ¦ of old
war comrades.. ¦ ¦ ¦• ""*-¦¦
-But there is a large quota of men who
never see the outer boundaries of the
hospital ward. Its annex, "Uncle Tom's
Cabin," as it is called, is the home of
those whose minds are more or less
clouded as the result of the hell of war.
Those who ; are comparatively sound In
body and wholly, so . in - mind make the
most of these summer days. When the
morning bugle sounds it finds scores of
them out among the flowers and treea
or crowding the verandas of the dining
hall. Then It Is that the "egg men" ply
a busy trade. These are two veterans
who are laden -with boxes or trays, on
The regime here is, of course, military
In character, though not as strict as that
of the regular army. It gives the veteran
all the freedom possible to vary the mo
notony of his life, for to. these men who
have lived lives of action, and many of
whom have been toilers in the business
fields of the. world, this long looking
backward is a thing that makes them
often dissatisfied with themselves and all
the earth besides. Many of them have
families or relatives comparatively near,
and the veteran would be with them but
for his disabilities. But now, as the full
summer days come, In many . cases he
takes his longest furlough of ninety days
and goes to his friends or where he will.
Many take the three months and do what
work they can on a ranch. Their, days
are not confined to. the home limits, for
they can secure from the commandant a
pass beyond the , gates, good for from j 8
a. m. until 10 p. m., unless by abusing
their liberty they forfeit such a privilege.
open space called the "square," and are
surrounded by a profusion of flowers and
shrubbery. The "parade ground," as it
is called, is fringed with spreading" live
oaks, underneath the shade of nich
groups of blue-coated veterans may al
ways be found. The large administration
building was the first one erected by the
Veterans' Home Association, In 1883-4.
The commandant's residence, the medical
director's cottage, memorial cottage and
others are all attractive buildings that
go to make up a very good architectural
ensemble.
Eight or -ten handsome buildings, con
structed of redwood and pine, line an
So they live on, these old-time defenders
of their country, and close to the restful
heart of Nature they fight their batpes
o'er again. For this State home of the
veterans at Yountville, where about
e'ght hundred make their home, is one of
the most. beautiful in point of picturesque
location of the many in the United States.
There are few others where outdoor life
can be lived so pleasurably and freely at
all seasons. Just now the valley is at Its
best. In the hills the buckeyes are scent
ing the air and the brake ferns are wav
ing their fronds.' The springs still bub
ble, and sweet scents come on every
breeze. Nine hundred and ten acres make
up the grounds of the home and contain
aaany a nook where Nature's wild loveli
.-¦css Is still undisturbed. This home was
*uilt largely by popular subscription, on
the same plan as was the Soldiers' Home
at Bath, N. Y. It was opened as a State
home m April, 1884, and also receives
Ftdcral aid.
Perhaps he sees the field of Appomat
tox, whence phone the dawn of
peace. It was there that his regiment
paid dearly, too, for sixty-five men were
swept from its lines in less than five min
utes. Taps sounds, and to this veteran,
living among other scenes. It comes like
the last gun of the war. His old heart
throbs in martial echo as he falls asleep,
to wait the bugle that will usher in an
other day marked by memories from the
past.
Then as the night grows and the moon
l. b ..» , .cc the old eyes peer into the
foulness of trenches filled with the ghast
ly harvest of war. Perchance one of the
fuces that lie in pitiful dumbness, with
staring eyes, was that of the. friend or
brother that he loved.
The hills merge into the "eternal land
scape of the past," and from them gleam
campfires. It is not the bugle that sounds
as the colors ripple downward, but the
screech of shells. The June air stirs and
thickens to hotness. It is no longer a
misty valley of peace that the moistened
eyes of the veteran gaze into, but the
j»rcoke of carnage of toe lieid of Gettys
burg.
Sometimes at the sunset hour in this
peaceful country, when the stars and
¦tripes are lowered to the strains of
"The * Star-spangled Banner," the scene
changes before the eyes of the soldiers,
whose work 4s done and whose "yester
days look backward"' from the Veterans'
Home near Y&untville.
Burlefl are all the warlike weapons.
And the warcry is iorgotten.
IN the lovely Napa Valley, where a
shining river flows • between tree
ehaded banks of green, the hills look
down upon a storehouse of memories.
f«ck rortress by four hundred Apaches.
The devils waved a black flag and shouted
that the ; scalps of the seven would b«
theirs by. dawn. And so It would haw
been but that fifteen soldiers coming over
the range, ledlhe savages to believe that
an army was behind them, . and fear
scattered them.
\ Another celebrity Is Captain Catlin, who
has made the hospital garden the beauti
ful spot\that it is through his planning
and care.* Captain Catlin has the distinc
tion, besides being an • exceedingly cul
tured man, of being veritably a citizen of
two republics. After the -war he went to
Mexico and fought bn the side, of
Juarez under Corona. He became a mem
ber of the Mexican Legion of Honor, and
later was made a citizen of the Mexican
republic, and has never renounced the al
legiance. Shculd he vis ft Mexico now he
would have all the privileges of a citizen.
There, are a goodly number of men who
are still well enough in body to enjoy the
many amusements provided for them at
the home. Bowling is a favorite game
among them and some 'veterans are ex
perts. There is a Filipino who is an un
deniable winner * at billiards. A favorite
pastime is fishing, and others go camp-
Ing and often- sleep out of doors. Hunt-
Ing squirrels and, small game is another
diversion. Armless and legless veterans
are here in plenty, but It was not in ail
cases the war that caused th«- loss. The
canteen gets Its share of patronage un
der the eyes of two sergeants. Liquor is
refused if the soldier shows signs of Us
influence. A veteran must have his nip.
or most of them, and if the canteen was
not 'in 'evidence the saloons of the town
would be damaging factors in the diver
sions of the men. . 'As it is, the picturesque
stone jail has prisoners comparatively sel
dom. . . '"I .-
.The commandant at the home is Colonel
George . W. Walts, whose regime is very
popular among the veterans. One of the
prettiest spots oa the grounds is among
the flowers and trees of the colonel's gar
den. His especial pride is his team of
dapple gray mares, Annie and Courtney,
a spanking pair of pace-setters.
The home's other officers are: Major C.
E. Graham, adjutant; Major Thomas A.
Keables, medical director; Captain W. F.
McAllister, ~ assistant medical director;
Captain J. J.-Lyon, Q. M. and C. S., and
Captain Ray Clark, chief engineer.
At sunset, when the haze and shadows
creep ¦ across the ¦ valley, comes the pret
tiest and most Impressive ceremony of
the * day. . The - color guard take their
places at the foot of the flagstaff as the
strains of "The Star-spangled Banner,"
so laden with both glad and painful mem'
ories, float out upon the still evening air.
At the last verse, as the great flag slips
to the bottom . of . the staff, the ¦ guard
stand at "present arms." There Is a si
lence as the flag is caught up and -borne
to • the ; colonel's office. The sun ha« (one
and the official day is ended.
ALFRED DEZENDORB".
. ,: - '• .-" - , : 4 - ¦ ,/¦¦•• ,
midst of the little community. Neither
drink nor tobacco smoke profane; the air
here, but all around ls^uiet. ;
Walk up on a commanding hill where
is situated what is* known as the fire res
ervoir, and a most beautiful birdseye
view of the home buildings surrounded by
the; emerald and golden setting of the
valley greets the eye. It is one of the
moat beautiful landscapes in this State of
nature's wonders.
Near here on' an eminence stands the
shelter of the "Domestic Spring," Which,
from its rocky bowl once supplied the en
tire home: with water. Now' It does its
part, :'; but its place ' is In a great measure
taken- by the new reservoir and dam v a
mile, or; So up In the hill3;' built in Its
picturesque surroundings . a . year or so
ago. In a little . cabin lives the guardian
of the Domestic Spring— William Daum,' a
quiet 1 German who fought air through the
war" from "61." " He has lived on the hill
side ¦ two years because, as he [ says,. "It
vas quiet here." t Inside .the outer^room
' of the cabin \ is • a work bench and there
is^ nomore skilled workman in the manu
facture of canes, napkin rings and many
other i pretty articles . frorn^; the native
woods \ than.this -quiet old .soldier. The
greatest trouble now is \ for, him - to get
the material for his work: from the woods
to his shop/ fHe presented .the . late Pres
ident, McKinley " with ; two? of * his finest
rings,' beautifully Inlaid, when the mar
tyred chief was in California. -v.. /
The shady ."graveyard with ! its j rows of
plain 1 white v - stones and:, fluttering '• flags,
beneath which He at rest six hundred sol
diers, has ; its • guardian '] in . Private "John
Carr, still stalwart at 71.. Plls.work brings
mournful - dirges and sad . processions be
fore the eye, for it is he that makes ready
the last resting places. **I must always
have an extra room," he. says, quaintly,
"for there are, so. many of them just wait
ing. And I can't tell but I'll dig my own
some day!'.' .'¦'.¦ ,_..-¦¦ , , ; ] - . ¦ .• ¦ \ .' .' •' I
Each • funeral ; volley that breaks the
quiet of the little graveyard brings him
sad memories. With a break in his vole©
he .may; tell .you why,* as. he did me. -"I
was in all the battles of the Army of the
Potomac and wounded, In seven of them,
but the battle of An tie tam was the wick
edest fight of all/ Nine charges , we made
up against a 1 stone wall. The last time we
went over | it . through the bodies of dead
men. ."When it was ended I had | lost my
father and two brothers." : He was at the
second battle of Bull Run with Pope, with
the .army at Appomattox, and in after
years fought with Custer. . He. has been
in fights so close and -bloody that his
memory tries to blot them out.' Now" he
lives among the quiet graves. Some
times one comes to help him, or the com
rade coining along to water the blossoms
on. a new grave .' stops for; a chat. ' Some
times a bugle note floating down from the
hills rouses . him , ' for a '"bugler who was
discharged, for .too frequent visits to the
canteen takes to the open to keep up his
practice.*. Out under the trees may often
be found Mexican .Joe," who ,. looks, out
upon a varied life from a past; of | ninety
four years. .With him is always his friend
Charles . Stewart,' who' .would make al
most .three r bif him in* height. ; Joe will tell
you that he piloted' "Fremont across; the
plains: witK 640 .wagons." - His friend's
sister . came across the great ] plains with
them, and little "Joe was to . have married
her,, but. as 'he says "she ..thought'-{she
loved another man and he stole her from
me." "/ '.'. .••"_
On;. the veranda of , the hospital may
often be seen a little old man, paralyzed
in body '. but \ with . a memory still clear.
This is^John ;Mpon, of . an old, , Missouri
family, all j stern • Democrats but ? himself.
After, the war : he went' into stock-raising
in, Arizona.; and. a? one , of the „ volunteer
Indian fighters he was ; feared as % a defcd
shot. He can remember, a vivid five hour
besiegement of seven soldiers in a natural
THE SUlvlBAiT CALL,
3
THE OLD SOLDIER AT HOMEwinning with the king, queen, Jack or ten
respectively means no more, except where
the return is the master card. In this
case It may be no more or four originally.
No one will dispute the statement that
when partner leads trumps from strength
you will hold three more often than four,
aa the chances are that your partner has
led from at least five. If so, there are
eight distributed between, the three re
maining hands, and. there is every
reason that the | partner . of the strong
trump hand will hold less than four cards
of the suit more often than three. There
fore the preference is given the three
card echo.
various forms of this echo hare been
In use. At first it was used to show three
to a lead from a high card sequence only,
since euch a lead meant either three high
cards, or unusual length In the leader's
hand. The danger of third hand having
to sacrifice a valuable card, as the inter
mediate of three, was minimized. Devices
were shortly afterward Introduced by
whist experts whereby it proposed
to distinguish between three or more than
three. The following Is the mode of the
three-trump echo in general use at pres
ent — the three-trump echo only con
sists of showing three trumps by the
same method which formerly meant four:
Partner having led from atrength, you
holding three trumps, you will, unless en
deavoring to win the trick,play the second
highest and then play the lowest. It
sometimes happens that this play sacri
fices a valuable card. In this case you
should forego the echo. For example,
partner leads the ace, either because of
length cf cult cr for the purpose of get
ting out two immediate rounds of trumps.
It would be the greatest folly to echo
with any of the following combinations:
King, Jack, gix; queen. Jack, four; king,
ten, three, etc. Exact knowledge of your
trumps is deducible by Inference from
your failure under ordinary conditions to
echo, which of itself Indicates more or
less than three. In this case your partner
can usually ascertain from the fall of the
two rounds the exact number you hold.
Tjm echo to show three was intro
duced by Dr. H. H. Green of Craw
fordsville, lad., In 1SS6, and has been
accepted by the majority of Amer
ican whist players. Slnoe then
Another Lesson fop the whist Player
BY "mtm* E. P. SGHEXtL.
If it does not, a later return or an at
tempt to win the trick will. The, principle
of returning the higbest.of three and the
lowest of four in connection with the
above makes it a complete doctrine, as
sound as any connected with the game.
Its elaboration enables you to show two,
three, four or five trumps. Its only draw
back is the uncertainty between two and
four, but the drop of the cards In nearly
all cases aids In determining the number.
the three-card echo only no signal
means two or four, as the play of the two
and then the four. The play of the four
and then the two would Indicate one bet
ter than the four. The play of two, five
and then the four would Indicate five,
winning with the ace, king, queen or
jack, and returning respectively king,
queen, jack or ten would . Indicate one
more only. While winning with the king,
queen, Jack or ten and returning (barring
return. of master trump) low would Indi
cate four at least. Returning the ace,
king, cueen. or jack Immediately after
It will at once be seen that with two
indifferent high cards the three-card echo
can be made as clear as with low cards.
Especially Is this so If the high card
holds the trick.
For example, partner leads ace and king
of trumps, to which the adversaries fol
low. You play the two, then three, but
the four falls to drop. You must have
it and at least one more. In showing the
three trumps the echo must be carried
through all the phases and possible com
binations of the original third hand to the
trump leader. As an illustration, winning
with the king, and returning queen,
meant four trumps formerly. With the
system under discussion it means three in
stead of four. •'.'
1L Sh *6d/ 9h 8h
12. ao *3d Jh lOh
13. qh ah kh *5s
Bast and West eleven, North and South
two^ Btar means winning card.
Trick L— Ordinarily the fourth beet
would be opened from this combination,
but West very properly plays a higher
card than the turn-up. The lead is a very
fortunate one in the present situation.
It must result in killing the king, whether
North covers at this trick or not. The
trump opening is purely tentative, but
the only logical play from the hand. -
Trick 4.— West needs an Informative
discard from his partner and secures it
by another trump lead.
Trick 6.— The . discards from all three
hands dearly declare East's suit to be
diamonds.
Trick |.— The finesse at this trick Is
questionable play. Whether It | wins or
loses makes a difference of but one trick
either way, for t East has a sure re
entry in hearts and a possible one In the
club. Had North held the queen In addi
tion to his other diamonds, however, it Is
doubtful if he would have discarded from
the suit. : ; :¦-:%, •
Trick 7.— South leada to his partner's
discard. To have opened his own suit, al
though it contained the minor tenao*,
and have kept the guarded king j for re
entry, would have been- better play. '
9 Trick 8.— In view of the weak state '¦ of
his own and partner's hands (for he must
suppose that the latter has no suit) North
should make what he can without taking
any chances. If he was conversant'With
the American Club method of ; playing
short suits he could absolutely place the
lene aueen with East.
West by playing up is declaring three
of the suit without an honor.
PHOTOGRAPHIC POINTERS FOR AMATEURS
** Y O bettw objoct lesson for the
/\ I young photographer can be found
\ \ than careful study of the same
A \ subject under varying conditions
>••; of light and shade. The average
beginner starts out with the Idea that a
view Is a. view, and that's all there Is to
it. Let hfm. If he has the desire to learn
something of photography, confine him
self for a few days to the definite study
of a single selected subject, making abso
lute photographs of it from the same view
point but under different lightings, say,
exposing one plate in the early morning,
another at j mid | forenoon, a third at high
noon; another; in the afternoon and still
another at * early, evening. Carefully de
velop and print each j of these negatives
and compare . the : finished results, using
the experience thus gained as a guide to
future work. It will probably be found
that while one or possibly two of the
views are \ good, the , others will be far in
ferior, aa the source of light, Its direction
and intensity are very Important features
in the composition : and arrangement of a
view." Almost any subject may be taken
for this study, and it la' recommended Luat
the beginner go not far from home for
this purpose. It Is Important that all the
views be taken under the same general
intensity of light, in order that the com
parison may be an honest one, and, while
this may be prosaic work it will, more
than repay, one for the trouble expended
upon H. ! • ••• "-'"•¦'..- '-¦¦'''
Another Important aid to success in the
work of the beginner Is system, and the
details of each exposure should be care
fully , noted , in an exposure book, which
can be obtained almost anywhere and at
very moderate cost.
la a Aoaao shots, not one of which has had
the proper amount of attention In compo
sition, lighting and arrangement. The
suooesaful camera workers of tc-day.
those who win for themselves fame, ar*
they who carefully study their subject be
fore exposing th» plate irpon It. often go
ing many times In the atudy of a certain
Bit or acenery before allowing themselves
to mako a single exposure. The result of
this care in selection Is, however, appar
ent in their work and its importance can
not be too strongly urged upon earnest
students, as carelessness in this particula
produces a continuation of carelessness
throughout all succeeding manipulations
and engenders a general lowering of qual
ity in every case.
In the increasing importance attaching
to photography and its recognition in the
circle ofc. art productions, every user of
the camera should feel a personal Interest
In keeping the standard of his work hi-h
and making every output a credit to him
self.
Too much attentibn cannot be paid in
landscape ,. photography to the point of
view from which the exposure is made
and the composition of the picture itself.
A little attention to this- matter will show
the beginner how much difference results
in. the, pictorial value of the photograph
from correct or Incorrect point of view.
The composition should be caref ullj
studied on the ground glass, or in the
case of film cameras, on the finder and
the position of the camera changed from
right to left or, from a lower to a higher
point until the -picture Is found to com
pose to the best advantage. This mat
ter of , selecting a view should have the
most careful study, if being fully as Im
portant as any other part of the process.
Entering In this book a brief descrip
tion of the subject photographed, the tfrm»
of day, Intensity of < the light— that Is,
whether the sun Is shining brightly or Is
partially obscured— the size of diaphragm
used and the exposure given in seconds or
fractions of a second, will gtv* the opera
tor material upon which to base all: bis
future work. If later, after the negative
is developed, a further entry is made in
the book embodying the results obtained
under the conditions shown. by the pre
vious records, he knows at once what
kind of a negative to expect if the condi
tions are repeated. A notebook- of this
kind la Invaluable, and when once It has
become a part of the field equipment It
will be found almost aa necessary as th«
camera Itself.
.The leather covering of the camera,
which often becomes rusty and brown
with constant use, may readily be reno
vated and made to look fresh "and black
by rubbing it with a soft cloth dipped In
noatsfoot oil, into .which has bean thor
oughly mixed enough lampblack to make
It of a good, deep color. After allowing it
to dry it should agam be gone over with
a coat of shoe blacking such . as Is used
on the finer qualities* of leather.
It is probable that no mistake is more
prevalent in the use of the camera than
that of attempting to mak^ a very large
number of exposures in a very short time.
The enthusiast, who, starting out for a '
day's work in the field carrying with him
a dozen plates or films, \ returns at the
end of a few hours with ; all exposed, is
likely to meet with sore disappointment in
viewing his finished work. It Is far bet
ter to spend a whole day, if necessary, in
securing • two," three or four good pictures
than to waste tune, material and patience
dicated like Peets to a feather alge. Is
ondismayed an' cool, comes to the rescoo.
" "That law proverb lyou quotes, Doc,'
says the Colonel, 'Is dfead c'rrect, an' if
argument was to pitch Its last camp thar
your deductions that this benighted , Bow
laigs must swing j would be ondenlable.
But thar's a element lackin" In this, af
fair without which no' offense is possi
ble. ] The question is— an" :; I slams It at
you, Doc, as a eddioated sharp— does this
yere Bowlaigs * open them letters an'
bust Into that mail bag "causa hacxaTI
1 puts this query up to Doo Peets for an
swer. Every gent knows that Bowlaigs
ain't got no notion of money beln' in
them missives, ' an' tharfore he oouldn't
have .been moved by no thoughts of gain.
Wherefore I asserts that the deed is not
done "causa lucra," an' that the case
ag'in this helpless Bowlaigs falls to the
ground.'
"Followin' this yere collision of the
classics between -two sech sdaootlsts as
"IXAVJsra PONY PROTESTS WITH GREEN" EYES AGTET OABBYI2TO SBOB FRSOTHW*
Peets an' Colonel William Greene Sterett
entertainin'- opp'site views an' the awful
language they Indulges In as they ex
presses an' sets them forth.
" 'Which I claims that this Bowlaiga
b'ar,' says Peets, combatin' a su'gestlon
of Dan Boggs, who's sympathizin' with
the culprit an' urges that Bowlaigs is Ig
norant of law ah* tharfore innocent of
offense, 'which I claims that this Bow
laigs b'ar is guilty of rustlin' the mails
an' must an' should be hanged. Hla lg-
norance . is no defenses, for ' don't each
gent present know, of that aphorism of
the law, "Ignorantla legls non excusat"?'
"Dan nacherally is onable to combat
seech profound bluffs as this, an* I'm free
to confess if It ain't for Colonel Sterett
buttln' in with more Latin, the same be-'
in'- of equal cogency with that of Peets,
the f ooture would have ' turned plenty
dark an' doobious for Bowlaigs. As Dan
sinks back speechless an' played from
Peets'. shot, the Colonel, who' beln' ed-
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY CALL..
BoWTeSs and'Alajor BfcH
"Yes, Bowlalgs gets arrested an' the
Stranglers- sort o' convenes informal to
consider it. I allers remembers that ses
sion of the Stranglers on account of Doc
"It's rum, however, which final is the
destruction of Bowlaigs, same as it is of
plenty of other people who would have
else lived in honor an' died respected an'
been tearfully planted in manner an' form
to do 'em. proud. Exclooslve of that ca
soolty which marks • his wind-up an'
which, as I states, he combines with
Major Ben to commit, thar's but one ac
tion of Bowlalgs which a enemy might
call a crime. He does pounce on a mail
bag one evenln' when the postmaster
ain't lookin' an' shore rends an' worrits
them letter scand'Ious.
" 'For I, of all gents, Bowlalgs,' says
Texas, as he invites the foogitive to the
bar, 'onderstands what you all's been
through. It may be imagination, but jest
the came, thar's them times when Missis
Rucker goes on the warpath when she
reminds me a lot of my divorced Laredo
wife.' With that, as , yeretof ore chroni
cled, Texas pours a couple of hookers of
Willow Run into Bowlaigs, an* the latter
is tharby a heap cheered an' | his pulse de
clines to normal.
"BowlaigE. who's plumb scared, comes
lumberin' our to the Rod Light an' puis
himse'f onder our protection. Enright
sauar'^ it I'or him; for when Misses
Rucker appears subsequent with a "Win
chester an* a knife an' gives it .out coid
she's goin' to get Bowia:gs' hide an' tal
low an' sell 'em to play even for that din
in'-room desolation he's the architect of,
Enright counts up the damage an' pays
over J23 In full tettlement. Doea Bow
laigs know It? \ou can gamble the limit
he knows it; for all the time Missis
Rucker is in the Red Light denouncin'
him, he secretes h:n:se'f, shivcrin', behind
the bar; an' when that lady withdraws,
mollified an' subdotd by the money, he
creeps out, Bovriaigs does, an' cries an'
licks Enright's hand. Oh, he's a mighty
appreciative b'ar, pore Bowlaigs is; but
his nerves is that onstiung by the perils
he passes through with Missis Rucker it
takes two big drinks to recover his sperits
an' make him feel like the same b'ar. It's
Texas Thompson who buys the drinks.
"Still, I'll fur that most esteemable
lady that Micsis Rucker never lays for
Bowlaigs or as.«auUs him ontil one after
noon when he catches the dinin' room de
serted an' off Its gyard .in" goes, romancin'
over, catfcot an' surreptitious, an" cleans
up the tables of what chuck has been
placed thar In antic'pation of supper. The
first news Missis Rucker has oi" the raid
Is when Bowlaigd gets a halt-hitch on the
table-cloth an' winds up his play by yank-
In' the entire outfit of spoons, tin platen
an' crockery off onto the floor. It's then
Missis Rucker saliies from the kitchen an'
puts Bowlaigs to flight.
"The first real trouble that meets up
with Bowlaigs — who's goi to be a y'ar
old by now— since Jennie fjgftts. the dooel
with him with that broom, overtakes him
at the O. K. Restauraw. MUsis Rucker
for one thing ain't over fon-i of. Bowlaigs.
allegin' as he grows older, day by day.
he looks more an" more li'.to Rucker. Of
course, sech view? is figrnents as much
as them alarms of Tucson Jennie about
Bowlaigs merlitatin' gettin' away with lit
tle Enrisht Pcets; but Mldsis Rucker in
spite of whatever we gent folk can say
in Bowlaigs' behalf, believes firm in her
ov.n slanders. She asserts that Bowlaigs.
as he onfo^ls, looks like Rucker; an' for
her at least, that settles the subject, an'
she SLSS&omes towards Bowlaigs attitoodes
which would have been proper had her
charge been troo.
"Existence goes flowin' onward like
some, glad sweet song for Bowlaigs. for
mighty likely It's two months an' nothin 1
remarkable eventuates. - He camps in over
to the corral, an' except that new oonies,
who ain't onto Bowlalgs, commonly has
heart failure at the sight of him, he don't
found no disturbances nor get in any
body's way. Throughout his wnkin'
hours, as I su'gests former," 'Howlaigs
ha'nts about the Red Light, layin' guile
ful • an' cunnin' for invites to tfrink an'
execoots besides small excursions to the.
O. IC Restauraw for chuck, with now an'
then a brief Journey to the post office or
the New York store. These visits of Bow
laigs to, the last two places, both because
he don't get no letters at the post office
an' don't demand no clothes at the store,
I attributes to motives of morbid cur'os
ity, that a-way.
" 'An' Bowlalgs has this distinction,'
says Black Jack, alloodin' to the sugar
and water: 'he's shore the only gent for
whom I so far onbends from reg'lar rules
as to mix drinks.'
for that of either Hugglna or Old Monte,
an* them two sots i for long known
as far west as the Colorado an' as far
no'th as the Needles as the prize drunk
ards of Arizona. No; Bowlaigs ain't
equal/ to pourin' down the raw nose
pair.t; but Plack Jack numors his weak
ness an' Bowla'g- Is wont to take off
his libations abcut two parts water to
one of whisky an' a lump o" sugar in
the bottom, outen ore o' these big tum
bler glasses, standin' at the bar' an'
holdln' the glass between his two paws
an' all as ackerate *n' steady as the
most talented inebriate.
Th« Major only lira* a half hour after
we gets thar. An* it's to his credit that
he makes a statement exoneratln' Bow
lalgs. 1 don't, want yon-all genta,' says
the Major, *to get deemm* hard of this
b'ar, for what fault thar is. Is mine. Sine*
Texas Thompson picks up that dollar, this
thing is mad* plain. What I »ti v w> for
gratootlous wickedness on Bowlaixs* part
Is nothin' but his efforts to execoote my
desires. Pore Bowlalgs! It embitters my
last moments as I pictures, what mu*t
have been hia opinions of me when 1 1«^
loose on him with that knifat Bury oa
In one grave, gents; It'll save trouble aa»
show besides that thar's no hard feelin's
between me an' Bowlaigs over what— an*
grre It the worst name— ain't nothin* but
a onfortunate mistak*,"
/ :
"Shore there's a fight, an' the Major
rets the knife plumb to Bowlalgs* honest
heart with the first motion. But Bowlaigs
Quits game; he turns with a warwiioop
an' confers on the Major a swat that
would have broke the back of a brtmoa,
an' then h# die* with his teeth la tins Ma
jor's neck.
•The first p'inter the Major gets of a
new deal In his destinies Is a grand crash
as the entire teepee upheaves an' goes
over, kerwallop! on Its side, hurlln' the
Major out through the canvas What's
happened? Why, simply this: When
Bowlaigs gets outside, he finds he can't
crawl under the teepee none, seeln' it'»
settln' too clost to the ground; an* so—
bein' a one ideed b'ar, that a-way— h©
sort o' runs his right arm In an* up-ends
the entire sheban g, same aa his old mother
would a log when she's grub-huntta' in
the bills. Bowlalgs Is pickin* up the acu
lar when the Major comes chargtn* "round
the rooms of his outfit, a benrio in his
hand, an* him fa'rly locoed with rage.
"Now this here Bowlaigs Is a mighty
sagacious b'ar, an' so he goes wallowin,'
forth plenty prompt to recover the dollar.
The Major, who's ignorant of what's hap
pened, still rolls groanln' in his blankets
nursln' his feelln's.
"One mornin* after Bowlaigs an' the
Major's been campin' together abcut four
months they wakes up mighty wretched.
They've had a onusual spree the even'n"
prior an' they feels like a couple of sore
head dogs. The Major, who needs a
drink to line up on for the day, gropes
about In his blankets, gets a dollar,
pitches It into the basket an' orders
Bowlalgs to caper off for the Willow
Run. Bowlaigs Is nothin* loth; but as
he's about to pick up the basket he ob
serves that the dollar has done bounred
out an* fallen through a crack In • r he
floor. Bowlalgs ' sees it through the sam»
crack, where It's layin' shlnin' onder the
house.
"The dispoote between rcwiVgs an'
the Major, which results in both of 'em
cashin' in. get3 started erroneous. The
Major— who's sometimes too Indolent an'
sometimes too drunk to make the play
himse'f— instructs Bowlalgs how to go
over to the Red Light an' fetch a bottle
of rum. The Major would chuck a silver
dollar in a little basket an* Bowlai^s
would take it In his mouth, same as you
all has seen dogs, an' report with the "lay
out to Black Jack. That gent would
make the shift, an' Bowlaigs would ree
pair back ag'in to the Major, when they'd
both tank up ecstatic.
"The Major's got a diminyootive wick
eyup out to the r'ar of the . corral, an'
him an' Bowlaigs resides tharin. This
habitat of the Major an' Bowlaigs ain't
much bigger than a Saratoga trunk; it'*
only eight foot by ten, is made of barn
boards an' has a canvas roof. That's the
kind of ranch Bowlaigs an' the Major
calls home; the latter spreadin' his blank
ets on one side, while Bowlaigs sleeps on
t'other on the- board floor, necdln* no
blankets, seeln' he's got fur.
" "Which If all my friends,' says the
Major, no doubt alloodln' to them wit
nesses ag'Iii him when he's cashiered,
'couldn't have talked no more than Bow
lalgs. I'd been happy yet.'
"But the end is on its lowerin'. way for
Bowlaigs. : Thar's a senile party who's
packed his blankets into camp an' who's
called Major. Ben. The Major, so the
whisper goes, used to be quartermaster
over to Fort Craig or Fort Apache, or
mebby now it's Fort Cumminga or
som'ers; an'- he gets himse'f dismissed for
makin* away with the bank roll. Be that
as it may, the Major's plenty drunk an'
military while he lasts among us; an' he
likewise has dlnero 'or whatever nose
pelnt an' food an' faro bank he sees fit
to go ag'lnat. From the jump the Major
makes up to Bowlaigs, ,an' the two be
comes pards. The Major allows he likes
Bowlaigs because he can't talk.
Peets an' the Colonel, vie a.i can be con
sidered as hangin' mighty anxious on
what reply Doc Peets to goln' to make. But
after some thought Peets agrees with the
Colonel. He admits that this 'causa lu
cra* la a bet he overlooks, an' that now
the Colonel draws his attention to it he' 3
bound to say he believes the Colonel to
be right an' that Bowlalgs should be
made a free, onfettered b'ar ag'in. We
breathes easier at this, for the tension
has been great, an' Dan himse'f Is that
relieved he comes a heap clost to shed
din' tears. The trial closes with the cus
tomary drinks; Bowlaig3 gettin' his forty
drops with the rest, on the hocks of which
he signalizes his reestora,tlon to his rights
an' freedom as a citizen by quilin' up In
bis corner an' goln' to sleep.
"What!" I Interjected; "don't you con
sider the divers killings— the death of the
Stinging Lizard and "the dismissal of Sil
ver Phil, to cay nothing of the taking off
of the Man from Red Dog— don't you, I
tay, consider such bloody matters casual
ties r*
"No, sir," retorted my friend, emitting
the while sundry stubborn puffs of
smoke; "no, sir; 1 regyards them as re
sults. Tharfore, I reiterates that this
yere Major Ben an' Bowlaigs accom
plishes between 'em the only troo casoo
alty whereof Wolfville has a record."
At this he paused and surveyed me
with an rye of challenge. After a bit,
perceiving that I rroposed no further con
tradiction, he went on:
"This Billy Bowlaigs at first is a cub
b'ar— a black cub b'ar; an' when he's
grown up to manhood, bo to epeak, he's
as big an' mighty near as strong, physi
cal, as Dan Boggs. Nacherally, however,
Dan lays over Bowlalgs mental like a
ace-full.
"It's Dave Tutt who makes Bowlalgs
captive; Dave rounds Bowlalgs up in his
Infancy one time when he's pesterln'
about over In the foothills of the Floridas
lookin' for blacktail deer. Dave meets up
with Bowlaige an' the latter's mother out,
evident, on a scout for grub. Bowlalgs'
mother has jest upturned a rotten pine
log to give little Bowlaigs a chance to
rustle some of these yere egreeglQiin
white worms which look like bald cata
p.'llare, that a-way, when all at once
around a p'lnt of rocks Dave, heaves in
view. This parent of Bowlalgs is as be
eotted about her son as many hooman
mothers; for while Bowlalgs stands al
most as high as ehe does, an' weighs
clost onto two hundred pounds, the moth
er b'ar still has the Idee tangled up in
her Intelligence that Bowlalgs Is that
email an' he'pleES, day-old kittens Is
Be'f-Eustalrin' citizens by compar'son to
him. Acthi" on these errors, Bowlaigs'
mother the moment she glimpses Daw
grabs young Bowlalgs by the scruff of
the neck an' goes caperin* off'up hill with
him. An' to give that parent b'ar full
credit she's gcttln' along all ri^ht an 1
conductln' hcrse'f as though Bowiaigs
don't heft no more than one of them
gooseha'r pillows, when, accidental, she
bats pore Bowlalgc ag'in the bole of a
tree— him hangin' outen her mouth about
three foot— an 1 while the collision shakes
that monarch of the forest some, Bow
lalgs gets knocked free of her grip an'
goes rcllin' down the mountainside ag'in
like a bag of bran. It puts quite a crimp
in Bowlalgs. The mother b'ar, full of
e'licltood^ .to save her offspring, turns an'
charges Dave; tharupon Dave downs her
an' younp Bowlaips becomes a orphan an'
a pris'ner on the spot.
"Followin" the demise of Bowlaigs'
mother, Dave pert o' feels responsible for
tho cub's bringin' up. an' so he ties him
hand an' foot, an after peelin' the pelt
from the old mother b'ar. packs the
entire outfit into camp. Dave's pony
protests with green eyes ag'in carrying
6ech freight, but Dave has his way", as
he usually does with everything except
Tucson Jennie.
"At first Dave allows he'll let Bow
laigs live with him a whole lot an* keep
him ontll he grows up and make a pet
of him. But as I more than once
makes plain, Dave proposes but Tucson
Jennie disposes; an' so it befalls that
on the third day after the cub takes
up his residence with her and Dave, Jen
nie arms herse'f with a broom and har
asses the onfortunate Bowlaigs from her
wickeyup. Jennie declare* that she dis
covers Bowlaigs organizin' to devour her
child Enright Peets Tutt, who's at that
epock comin' three years the next spring
round-up.
" *I could read it in that Bowlaigs
b'ar*s eyes,' says Jennie, 'an' it's mighty
lucky a parent's faculties is plumb keen.
If I hadn't got In on the play with my
broom, you can bet that inordinate Bow
lalgi would have done eat little Enright
Pe«t» all up.'
"Shore, no one credits these yere ap
prehensions of Jennie's; Bowlalgs would
no more have chewed up Enright Peets
than he'd played poker with him.; but
* toad mother's fears once stampeded is
not to be headed off or ca'med, so, of
course, Bowlalgs has to shift his camp
a heap.
"Bowlaigs takes up his abode on the
heels of him beln' run out by Tucson
Jennie, over to the corral; that Is, he
beaks In thar temp'rary at least. An'
he ebons grows amazln' and enlarges
Aoorin' the next three months to tech
* degree that when he stands up to the
ooenter in the Red Light, aoceptin' of
•9m* proffered drink, Bowlalgs comes
dost to beln' as tall aa folks. He early
lwurm throughout bis wakeful moments—
what Fd describe as bis business hours—
to make the Red Lirht his hang-out; It's
the nose paint he's hankerin' after, for
in no time at all. Bowlalgs aocoomulates
a appetite for rum that's a fa'r match
Copyright. I9C2, by Robert Howard Russell.
WHICH this yere Major Ben," re
marked the Old Cattleman .
"taken In conjunction with his
boeoxn pard, Billy Bowla'gs,
frames up the only casooalty
which get* pulled off In Wolfvllle."
" A" 7 ; racket Is a ; revival ' of nothing but
ncise. • y J
An Interesting Deal*
C— A* j', 10, 5, 8, 8. !
D. — 10, 7, 4.
West. ERSt
S.-Q, J, 9, 7, 5. S.-A. 3. 2.
H.— 10, £ 3. H.— A, 7.
C— 9, 6, 4. C— Q, 7.
D.— A, 9. D.— K, J, 8, 8, 3, 2.
South.
S.-10, 8, 6.
H.— K, J, 9, 6, 5, 4.
Ten of spades trumps— turned in South'*
hand. West to lead.
Tk. N. , • E. S. . W.
1. ks 'As ¦ 6s mmM-**
2. 4s .3s 8s *9s
3. 2c '"*'; i 2s 10s *Js
4. 4d ' 7h'*> 4h *7s
5. 7d . 2d 5d ' ;% , >ad
6. lOd jd *qd 9d
7. 3c 7c • *kc 6c
8. jc • *qc ¦ 8c '¦'"': >'. 9c
9. Be »kd 5h 4c
10. lOo *&d " 6h 8h
4By -in* CooTbrith.
From the dust of Herrick's pages
Maytime dances down the ages.
Youth and maiden tell the old
Tale, that never is quite told;
* •
Nods the primrose by the rill,
:' r- : rr.'V;
Tulip gay and daffodil, •
And from dusk-dewed, scented vale
Flutes the old-world nightingale.
A PAGE OF HERRICK
IF the man with the lifelong habit of
regarding all masculine apparel as
peculiarly and inalienably his own
will wake up and take notice of tht
trend of fashion this season he will
be amazed and perhaps not a little bit
shocked to discover that the garment of
all garments which he has hitherto hel>j
as secretly inviolate from encroachment
of the fair sex is no longer his own.
The "pajama girl" has become some
thing more real than the caricatures in
the comic papers have made her out :o
be. j/:''5/v*«>:
Moreover, she is come to stay, and in
roch rapidly increasing numbers that the
manufacturer and the retailer, with an
eye to inflate dividends in the future, have
found that it is her pride and her prej
udice which must now be given first con
rloexation.
And, like the bloomer costume for' wo
men cyclers and the automobile coat
for fair "autoneers," the pajama for wo
men has followed the devious way of evo
lution until it has become this year a
truly resplendent creation.
Of course, it was designed originally foi
men, to be worn only on occasions where
the ordinary and ofttlmes all too abbre
viated nightgown was very inconvenient,
to say the least, such as railroad an<>
steamboat travel, where dressing and un
dressing has become something of a fine
art.
Then, of course, true to his reputation
for logic— and comfort— masculine man
reasoned that if pajamas were such con
venient gknaente for traveling, the>
ought to be equally convenient for use
at home. Presto, sudden popularity fci
the pi.^a.
And LJicn, vrith logic in no wise inferior
to that <if rp;..-:_u.ine man, even though
it ha:- heretofore always been* denied at
an attribute of. the gentler sex, the sis
ters and wives ar.d oaufc'bters of the "pa
jV.mz mar." reascaed that if he could Iooh
so cozy and comfortable in the new gar
ment, v. i.y should not the women adopi
the costume, loo?
Presto, stfll greater popularity for th«
I'ajama, until the- masculine man who vis
ited his favorite haberdasher, Roos Bro*.
for instance, who kindly loaned the pa
jamas Fhown on this page, had to elbow
his way through an ever-increasing crowd
of ¦women to reach the counter or stand
and listen to some such conversation at
this while patiently and dodlely waiting
his turn: /
"Could I see some — ah— um— pajamas,
please? For a present? No— that la
you see — oh, yes; how stupid of me— #
present for my— um— younger brother
Tes, he is just about my height. Ah, yes,
Poses by Eleanor Falk and
Company at the Orpheum.
Pajamas From Boos Bros.
those white ones are very pretty, but
ah—don't you think the— ah— legs are a
little too long?
"And haven't you something In brighter
color*— something fancier T Te»; let me
see something In red; or haven't you any
thing in pale blue? Oh. that Is pretty!
But these look so small and narrow.
Haven't you a little wider pair? Yes, my
"brother Is quite— : um- plump. And^yes—
haven't you something with embroidery
or -hemstitching or lace or— oh, dear, yea;
of course; I , forgot. : Men don't wear
them fancy like that, do they? How silly
of me! Perhaps you can show me some
thing in fancy colors. Ah, those stripes
are beautiful, aren't they? I think I'll
. take those."
(And the stripes referred to, whioh have
become quite the . fad with the pajama
girl, are certainly very ohlo. Tou shall
hear more about them, presently. '
And now the pajama has found its way
upon the stage. That in itself Is suffi
cient to make it all the rage, for Dame
Fashion has a way; all j her own of dis
playing behind , the alluring footlights
those garments which she desires to make
most popular." It is a very clever little
scheme, and It never fails to work, for
women are said to be born Imitators, and
never lose an opportunity to emulate the
manners and . dress ¦ of their stage favor
ites. ; . _ ¦ '
The pajama girl on the stage is a post-
uve novelty, ana as seen' in her variety is
the, most coquettlshly fascinating crea
ture imaginable. There are "pajama
chorus girls,'^ "pajama ballets," "pajama
girl sextets," "pajama girls at col
lege," - "pajama girls at the beach," and
all wearing the very latest in night robes
in a manner that would have been con
sidered truly shocking only a few years
mt°. ¦ : i ¦.. ; ¦ ¦¦ : ¦ ... .
In New York one of the biggest stage
successes since Florodora was a dormi
tory scene in which all the chorus dis
robed in the dark and when the lights
were again turned up were discovered dis
porting 1 tbemsalvw under and over and
around and about a long Una of white
enamel trundle beds, . for; all the world
like the pranks of college girls after the
"light out" bell has been sounded.
And now here at our own theater we have
been startled by ] Eleanor/ Falk and her
ten merry. pajama girls, who have proved
to be one of the best novelties seen at the
Orpheum In ! many a . season. There are
tall girls and short girls, plump girls and
slender girls, but. they are all pajama
girls, and when they burst . out upon the
stage with the air of a summer girl wear
ing her/ first French , bathing suit on a
crowded beach, the effect Is nothing short*
of electrifying, especially the frollo which
accompanies the song of "Pajama Polly."
. There are ; pajamas of madras and pa
jamas of silk. There are cool pajamas of
linen and. lawn, and warm pajamas of
flannel and mercerized cheviot. -There are
odd creations in shiny sateen and striking
pajamas in soft silk mixtures. There are,
pajamas that are plain red, yellow, blue,
tan, white or green, , and pajamas that
have all the hum of the rainbow. There
is no : article of ¦ adornment and personal
convenience which fair woman has ap
propriated unto herself that comes in as
many varieties a* the pajama, and the
prices — well, there are pajamas that cost
$10, $15 and $20 a pair and other pajamas
which may be had for H.
Some of the prettiest are of silk, soft
and . clinging and as daintily becoming as
the filmy robes of an Oriental princess.
Just look on the center picture of this pic
ture, the large one In which the pajama
chorus is grouped about Miss Falk. There
you have all sorts and combinations of
colors and designs to choose from.
The pajamas worn by Miss Falk are of
pink and white madras in alternating
stripes, outlined with fancy stitching of
silk in contrasting colors. When worn by
a girl as graceful and plump as Miss Falk
the effect Is quite fetching. Another
picture of Miss Falk, seated on the t table,
Is shown on the bottom of this page, at
tired in a natty suit of mixed silk and
wool pajamas, in red and white. .>.*>¦;>'¦"
Another striking combination Is of tan
linen trimmed with broad bands of red
a la militalre. This suit is nothing if
not jaunty, arid the two' pockets in the
blouse make it the very sauciest garment
imaginable.
Daring effects are most popular with
women, for it isjan odd circumstance that
were it not for the pajama girl the men
would have been quite well satisfied to
wear the apparel In any material and any
color so it be composite. But the pajama
girl, with an eye. for effect as well as
comfort, wanted something pretty, as well
as practical. Hence the daring effects.
Any casual observer of the most popular
designs in hosiery during the past few
seasons would have no difficulty in fore
casting what would please the pajama
girl.
Two of the most striking are worn by
the two pajama girls standing before the
long mirror. One is of fancy striped sa
teen in blue and white, and the other is a
soft flannel of the most comfortable tex
ture in blue and red and white stripes.
Two more striking pajama suits worn
by tha same pajama girls, in the upper
right hand corner of this page, are of
striped mercerized cheviot. The blouse of
one buttons straight down the front after
the style of the fatigue military Jacket,
while the other Is double breasted and
fastens down the right side.
One of the quaintest designs of all,
however, is the pajama of mixed silk
striped the wrong way in graduating- col
ors that would put any well regulated
rainbow to shame. It la truly resplendent
and is more easily imagined than de
scribed.
In contrast to this is a suit of white
lawn fanclly hemstitched, which Is not
only beautifully becoming, especially on a
pink and white fluffy haired pajama girl,
but what is more to the purpose, Is cool
and comfortable.
Indeed any of the fair sex, or the mas
culine Render either for the matter of
that, will quickly discover that there are
pajamas for all seasons and all climes
from the tropics to the arctic
:¦ '. .-¦¦ ¦ :
rV* *~r W ¦ ¦' i 1 t f \"'i \ xr ., - : g i 1 : • r-w- ¦' «-,¦ ' -
Let the volume open lis —
Day the sweeter made thereby;
With its Maytime in the boughs,
In the lily-leaves, a drowse,
In the field lark's liquid note,
All earth's joyance'in his throat;
Sing, O Herrick! May time lies
In thy song's eternities.
5
THE
PAJAMA
GIRLHave somebody select a card from an
ordinary pack and, after looking at it,
place it on top of the pack. Place the
pack in a pasteboard box -just large
enough to hold it; put the . cover over It;
A few moments later the box is opened,
the pack is taken out and laid aside; a
sealed envelope is shown to the audience,
and, when opened, the card selected by
the partner is pulled out of it.
The small pasteboard - box must be
made in such a way that it can Just hold
the whole" pack of cards, as . shown in A.
Inside the cover paste a small piece of
wax, to which the uppermost card will
stick when the cover* is put on the box.
When the box is opened again, this card
must be removed secretly and hidden
in the palm of the hand. The envelope
is empty. Place the card behind it,
while you cut the envelope open and pre
tend you pull the card out. . This trick
if well done is very deceptive, as B shows.
5 Make a spool of three coins of differ
ent sizes, a dollar, a. ten-cent piece and a
half dollar, by sticking them together
with a little piece of wax. as shown tn
A and B. By placing this spool on the
edge of a knife (lower illustration) you
have solved the problem. The tToflar will
roll up and down the kntf,' to the great
amusement of the audience.
TO
MAKE
A
COIN
RUN
ON
A
KNIFE
EDGE
WHERE IS THE HITNTEB WHO OWNS THE DOO?
"ROVER, HERE IS YOTTR DI1TNER." WHERE IS ROVER?
"I SAW MY GUIDE A MOMENT AGOw WHERE IS HE NOWP"
FIND THIS BEAR FEOM WHIC IX THE HUNTER \Q RUNNING.
FIND THE LADY'S PET . SQUJRKEL.
PUZZLE PICTURES CAN YOU SOLVE THEM?
We will teach you how to build a wind
mill without expense, or the help of water
and steam power. The illustration shows
plainly that we mean only a pretty play
thing set in motion by the power of our
lungs.. ' v ' , * /,•
We need several pieces of straw such as
are used in summer to suck cooling drinks
from a glass. We cut a piece of. Btraw 7 \
A plain woman takes pride in her
friends: a beautiful woman in her ene
mies.
A wen-an will often say no when she
means yes; but never yes vrhen she means
no.
1 lie normal woman is capable of oue
Km: and fifty affairs.
A woman's charity sometimes begins
away from home, and then remains there.
A young girl is the nearest approach to
an argi I that we have— and the most ex
asperating.
It has never yet been decided whether a
wcir.an is happier when happy or when
"Itiiseiufcle.
When a woman is thoroughly tired, f>he
finds nothing so refreshing as a nice, long
tHlk.-Fmart Set.
HOW
TO
BUILD
A
WIND
MILL
AT
NO
COST
inches long. This is going to be the tube
by which wo set the mill In motion. Then
wo cut off two pieces of straw of equal
length (3 inches). We split these two
pieces carefully with a penknife In four
parts (each 2 Inches long), and bend tho
split parts back in such a way that they
stand, perpendicularly like spokes of > a
wheel. Wo stick them, as the wheel of
the windmill, 'on ft thinner piece of straw
(4 inches long) In Much .a way that tho
split and bent two parts form a wheel
with eight spoken. After, this we build
IV framework of straw, as shown in our
illustration. In the middle of ,th|s frame
work we Insert the wheel, af tier piercing
the sides of the framo with' a penknife.
Behind the whem we 1 - Insert "a bar of
Btraw to strengthen tJio frame and stick
the blowing-tube through it and the base
of the frame. The illustration shows how
to hold the windmill and how It is set
in motion.
spite of the colt's objection.. As, soon as
they let the youngster get*up it runs off
to- its mammy, and for two years has
nothing to do but run around and kick up
its heels. *. •
: "Most ponies are broken in when three-,
year-olds. We. cut 'em out twenty or thir
ty at a time. Each cowboy rop'es - bis
horse, and then the fun begins. The ser
vices of a helper or two are necessary to
get the thirty-five pound saddle in place,
and it would take a dozen If the horse
was not blindfolded. It takes, only a
second to slip a 'haccomo,' or horsehair
halter, over the beast's - head, and then
comes the task of getting Into the saddle.
A good 'bronco buster' gets his leg over
before the * horse knows that anything Is
doin'. -, Then the helpers turn the horse
loose, and he starts buckln' without wait-
Ing to think about it. He pitches and
jumps and tries to turn backfllps, for all
the world like a small boat in a big storm.
Then he i will take a turn at pawing the'
ground and kicking with his front feet.
Perhaps- he will jump into the air and
come down on the solid ground with all
four legs rigid. The whole business simply
means that he wunts to get you oft hi3
back." . ; .
, "And .were you ever thrown?" the re
porter asked.
"Was I ever throwed?" replied the cow
boy. "Well. I guess, yes. The hair that
grows on a horse's back falls off at times,
to say nothing of a man. The best of cow- '
• punchers /git throwed once In a while.
There's more than one way of stlckin' to
a bucking horse, however. Some keep their
feeats by grlppln' the saddle with the
knees, others depend on their spurs, and
then again there are punchers who hold
on by the reins. A good cowpuncher don't
have any set rule. He just rides loose like
and is ready for anything that comes,
even to gettin' throwed once In a spell.
"Speakin 1 of gettin' throwed reminds me
of poor 'Charley' Wilson and his fatal ex
perience with a man killln' 'bronc' out on
Captain King's ranch. Santa Aertrules.
Tex. He was breakin' In a raw-boned
•critter that was about as wild as any I
ever see. He had been ridln' the beast a
couple . of hours when he came past the
corral on the jump. ¦
"Wantln' to show off before the boys,
he dug his spurs Into the big bay's
shoulders, and in about a second he was
out of the saddle. He would hnva been
all right. If he hadn't caught his foot in
the stirrup. That settled it for him. The
horse saw him hangin' there, and rushed
off Into tho brush, kickin' at his poor
body every once in a while. We picked
his body up in pieces, here and there,
where the wild critter had dragged him.
Then we gave him the best j sort of a
funeral we could.
"The : horse -became an outlaw and we
hunted him for weeks before we discov
ered him in the midst of the herd. Poor
Wilson's saddle, or rather what was left
of it, was hangin* under the brute's belly,
and the girths had made such a sore
place on his back that we had to shoot
him. It don't pay to show off when
you're breakin' broncos. I used to do It,
but no more for 'Jack.'
"I helped break my first horse when I
was 9 years old, and I've, been breaking
them ever since. I don't mind breaking
real wild, horses, . but deliver me from the
kind that have been spoiled— that Is,
horses that have mastered some man. I'd
rather break six wild horses than one
that has heen spoiled."
Franz says that a real cowboy' will be a
relic In a dozen years. He expects to live
long enough to be known as a llvlnar
member of an extinct "profession.
Barbed wire fences sounded the death
note of the Western, puncher. Even now*
they are practically, confined to Wyoming,
Montana and the Canadian provinces.
"Sheepherders have taken up the breaking
of horses as a side line. They will work
for almost nothing and have almost
driven the real puncher out of business. -
New York Tribune.
"Cowboy Jack" Tells About Broncos."
a*/<-wO you want to know how to
• • Q3 <DUst ' a 'bronc,' " John
/^^ Franz, an original Texan cow-
T_J boy who does "stunts" on horse
r-^ back in Buffalo Bill's Wild West \
show. "Not thinkln' of doin' a
trick yourself, are you? 'Cause if you are,
you'd better get out a short time life pol
icy; you won't need a long. one. Why,
you'd stand more show of bustin'up an
automobile and gettin* out with your hide
whole.
"I don't look much like a cowboy, do
I?" he said, taking off his derby hat and
looking at the creases In the trousers of
his black business suit. "But It's all the
clothes. I don't dress up for the benefit
of an admiring crowd, like some of the
boys. But I can 'bust' a 'bronc.V and
don't you forget it; and if it is a 'bustln'
receipt you are after, why, you can have
it. " - . ¦ ' -¦ ... > '
"The plains horse first learns what a
rope is when it is one year old. When we
round up the pony herd for the branding
the colts are driven into a pen, in which
a big fire is built for heating the branding
Iron. Then the boys rope 'em around. the
neck, tie up their front feet and throw
them. The redhot iron. Is clapped on In
AWVTCH TRKK-
6 6 6
ffk+71!
b \ 11 III 6
4K-!IfH
6 6 6
Eighteen patches are needed for this
trick. Assort them In such a way that
you have three single ones, three lots of
tv.u. and three lots of three, separately
on the table. The task is to group the
mutches in three lines, each containing
three parts, in such a way that the ag
ercsale sums of all lines, horizontal, per
pendicular ivr.d diagonal, is six. The illus
tration shows how the matches must be
arranged.
The necessary materials for
the tricks In these columns ara
found in every fun-loving
home, or may easily be pro
cured at tlie expense of a few
cents.
UVEUY CARD-
FUNNY OLD LADY WHO SINGS.
The experiment shown In the Illustra
tion Is bound to tad favor with grown^
up people as well as with young folks.
All you have to do Is to paint two eyes,
and underneath , them a nose, on the
knuckles of your Index and third finger,
as shown in the lower part of the Illus
tration. The thumb prrssed against the
Index finger and moved up and down will
represent a toothless month. The
knuckle .of the Index Bnxtx forma t2n
ncee. above It are the ey««- BT «i»s*aa
the face with a towel ,'ire bar* the la.
turea of an old woman, especially eflee»»
Ive when the light la not rexy telsltt
AfteT a little practice yon wffl ¦tKeMdts
movinj the thumb (repre»entlB« the towm
lip and chin) tip and down, wane yea
»ine a Bone In a nasal -rclce, or carry ca
a conversation with the aadlene* to the
rolce of an eld woman.
THE SUNDAY CM.L;
HOME MAGIC
EVERYBODY
6
FIND THE OWNER OF THE WHEELHAHSOW.THE SUNDAY CALL.
7THE SUm)AY CALLl
8no_textThe- fickleness . of fortune, especially at
\ cards, says the New York World, is well
illustrated In this .story, told- tea "new
book by Count de la Garde-Chambonas,
which is : attracting "great attention
abroad: . ;.'-. . . . ;¦¦ .
; "Prince . Galitzln, one of the richest of
Russian nobles, 'was playing 1 on one occa
sion with the. most" persistent bad luck.
Estates, serf s, : revenues, town houses,
furniture, jewels, everything .had been
swallowed up. He had nothing left but
his carriage. 'That waa waiting for him
outside; he staked It and lost that In a
few throws of . the dice. A few minutes
afterward . the horses were also gone..
" 1 did not stake' the harness,' he said.
'It is all in silver and has Just come from
St. Petersburg." . .' .
"His adversary nodded and a 'game was
begun for the harness. At that moment,
though, the luck turned as completely in
the Prince's favor as a few momenta pre
viously It had been against him. In a
few hours he not only won back the
horses, the carriage and the family Jew
els, but everything else he had lost bo
rapidly, and that, thanks to the harness,
which literally seemed to be attached to
the wheel of fortune."
The wrapper, is another taffeta that la
sound and whole after all ': the years it
has spent between lying-in trunks arid
being^ masqueraded in. It is a blue and
white stripe, trimmed with nothing but
A funny little breakfast cap that goes
with this is a scrap of lace arid ribbon!
as bewitchingly flyaway as Its wearer
was demure. .
Goldstone was one of these fads. It
was a composition that looked like gold
flecked sealing wax. The splendid gold
stone bracelet of this old trousseau had
bands of gold, and surmounting these
waa a great ornament of goldstone. It
was the day of pairs— a pair of vases, a.
pair of water colors, a pair of bracelets.
So the belle of then who was lucky
enough to possess a goldstone bracelet
was sure to have two of them, arid it
could be counted on that she would keep
them; for the girls of that day were not
the harum-scarum damsels that they,
are now. -It waB the period of demure
ness, as the very fold of the hands shows.
the side, peeping out Jauntily from un
der a pink ear, as nowadays. But they
had plenty of fads in Jewelry, for all
that ,
rows of blue buttons: They follow the
tucks In the sleeves; they are studded
closely up the front. A lace collar that
ends in two flaring points is pinned- at
the throat.
The organdie gown, is the ¦' daintiest,
fluffiest," ¦ starchiest . gown that a belle
could demand. : The summer girl of tho
sixties was as airy fairy as the summer
girl of to-day. •'."'"'{
Sprays of green and blue are dashed
over the white' ground here and there.
The green is bright— apple: bright Bands
of the same cool summery green outline
a yoke for the gown and finish the neck
and sleeves. .' . .
The absurd little : Spanish bodice that
Is worn with this or a- white gown is a
high ' pointed belt laced up the front and
finished with three little Ttabs down "the
back. ..It ,1s "mpst fancifully trimmed
with tassels and ¦ countless buttons.
What the gowns of the day lacked, -m
coquetry the hats , made . up. - The big,
flaring bonnets with - a ; peeping rose ''..un
der, the brim-f-they speak for,, themselves.
They: are proof positive that our moth
ers—whisper it— flirted!; '¦,' : \ " .
The basque Itself Is made to fit as
t:gnt!y as the modern tailor-made, and is
sternly elegant with its row of black but
tons running up the middle of the front
In fact, there is not a line of the whole
grown that would compromise on a bad
The curved band Is of the same material
as the trimming of the basque. It is an
ivory white silk that shines through the
;n.<_- black lace stitched with delicate
grandmotherly stitches over It. The trlm
ralxxs on the basque appears upon the
cuffs. '¦:"•-¦ ':¦
The gown is made with a train about
as long as that of the average gown of
to-Uay. The fullness of the skirt is ridic
ulously gathered In a great bunch of
gainers at the back. Tho front of the
skirt is (sloped outward in a way that
recms absurd enough to us to-day. It
fcIJoWs the flaring outline 'of the hoop,
sloping directly out from the waist to the
fec-t. It is trimmed with a curved band
quite similar in outline to those of the
present day. Below this are. long pointed
tabs.-'
But this black silk of a yeeter season
Ltanrfs by itself to-day as firmly as it
ever d:d. It is rich and gleaming in its
folds and sound in Its breadths. It Is
splendidly, glitteringly jetty black, too,
fur the dyes of that day were a vast deal
belter than ours. . i .
For at the rate of 94 a yard it took a
very neat sum to cover the price of a
gown. The jowns were alarmingly big—
cxtiavagantly big, as the household pro
vider looked at it. They measured count
less yards around the skirt, for they had
to be big enough to surround the hoops
of the period. And the sleeves were huge
things that flowed out and down and back
and forth— any way so that they flowed.
The black silk of tfie pictured wardrobe
is as firm to-day as it ever was. That Js
one of the most wonderful things about
the garments of this precious trousseau;
the fabrics of that period were so sub
saantiaily good that they have endured
a. most unbroken through all these years.
What will our, present day gowns be as
many years hence?- ¦„ Even those of the
best 'materials wear ; and fade on our
backs. Our children and grandchildren
win find the relics of them fit lor their
}>atchwork quilts and nothing else. The
tnfifta v/ill be in ribbons, the smart tailor
c-joLumes of swagger cloths will have
faded, the dimities and osgafirtUn will
bave--.rctted-e.way. ¦¦'¦
Thuik of it- Think of what that meant
to our mothers and grandmothers. Bless
their dear hearts, how they must have
done without sugar for their tea and tea
for their sugar. They must have saved
for weeks ahead. They must have made
over all their other gowns to save enough
for the new black silk.
There was some reason for this, as you
caii realize when you take into account
the price. Money was harder to spend in
th»se days anyway; a dollar was a dozen
times as big as It is now. In the light of
i his tact, then, the gros grain silk of that
l-eriod cost H a yard.
Nothing was half as splendid for a re
ciption gown as the black silk. In fact,
there was a sort of halo hanging over the
black silk in those days. It was taken
much more seriously than ermine would
be in this day and generation.
; . nil's old gowns have long ago gone
it ¦ pflk guilts and rag bags. Buftjhese
in cH up trunks and cheste of Mrs. Grac
i>s. ail pv.eet with the old-time perfumes,
liave been guarded as sacredly as If they
wore shrines. They have found their way
from the South to California and they
«.-ali up pictures of old Virginia mansions,
of sr«y coats and buttons, of serving
OeilAts and Southern beauties. These are
iLe gowns as they appear to-day, worn
ijy :ars. Henry Gracey. the present beauty
ol" tin; family. The fashions of the six
ties can be read from them.
•"? -^ ERK if a trousseau of the sixties.
j \ tlif days when war and love were
\ 5 aliroad in the land. It belongs to
* J Mrs. Mary Gracey of Oakland.
* How she has contrived to keep it
n uict all these years Is a marvel. Other
a big brooch at the throat. The fair ones
of that day had a very prim way of
wearing their Jewelry— no pins clasped at
figure. The build of It is severe and the
lines are unbroken by any ruffles and rib
bons and frou-frous. ; The shoulder seams
run far down upon the :arms, as tjie
shoulder seams all did then. From the
point where they stop the sleeves begin
to flare out and they continue to flare
more and more until the white cuff ap
pears.
An exquisite little lace collar finishes
the neck. It is as perfect of its kind as
all the lace wear of that time was. It
would have been a disgrace for any one
to have worn cotton lace.
"The first time I had a bit of cotcon
lace on one of my garments I felt as dis
graced as if I had been sent to ja ; l,"
Mrs. Gracey says. "I thought cotton lace
was meant for darkies. It had never oc
curred to me that a white lady, one of
'the Quality," could wear it until one of
*ny friends, a woman who had always
heen extremely fastidious, took to it ami
fcaid it was quite good enough for h«rJ
wear and tear. So I got some -and put
It on a garment, but it made ».je simply
miserable. I fancied that every one on
the street was looking at me and whis*
rering, 'Cotton lace!' "
Real lace«'was so precious that few
people had- much of it.^but that little
went further toward decorating a ?own
than yards of cheaper lace does to-dft.y.
Airs. Gracey has a choice collection of
dainty collars laid away in an old-time
box that breathes out a whiff of laven
der and vanilla when its lid is opened.
The one that goes with this grown simu
lates a square neck in shape. It Is mauo
of fine little bands of real lace and em
broidery laid in alternate stripes. j
The hair ornament that goes with this
gown is a simple band of black velvet
wrought In pearls. It passes twice
around the heaVi, crossing under the hair,
which Is worn low In the back- of tho
neck. Besides Jhis the wonderful old
ivory comb is worn sometimes. To a
black-haired beauty it is the most becom
ing thing that can possible be found.
The taffeta, house gown has withstood
the ravages of time in a wonderful way.
Any modern taffeta would have split into
a thousand ribbons long ago. It is of
a delicate lavender and white stripe. The
beauty of it is the taffeta trimming,
which, corresponds perfectly with it. The
colors of the silk are carried out in the
trimming. Whether the ladies of war
times called such garments pattern
gowns, as we do nowadays, is not report
ed, but we have nothing that is a bit
smarter of its kind.
This house gown fastens up the front,
skirt and all, although it is made in two
pieces. The .figured border follows the
bottom of the skirt all the way around
He huge hem and then It follows on up
the front, clear to the neck, with a row
of charming round lavender buttons to
close it. ;.: These buttons, by the way, axe
a pretty kind that we consider ourselves
too advanced for in . this day, but we
can't "replace them with anything pret
tier. They are made upon wooden button
molds— don't you remember - how our
blessed 'mothers and grandmothers used
to cut out wee round bits of the cloth of
which the new gown was being made,
run a draw string around each bit and
pucker it up over tho round, hard mold
until it was as smooth as machines can'
make it nowadays? ;¦'. •
The basque of this gown is the drollest
thing in the back. It dips In a ridiculous
long point that is edged with the figured
border. A silk cord of lavender and white
ropes twisted together is tied around the
waist and knotted In front.
The sleeves are drooping on the shoul
der, as they all had to be to be recog
nized socially. Where the shoulder
seam stops a puff begins, and a ruffle fol
lows that. The sleeve below is tight
A dainty little lace collar ¦ folding in
the same line as a shawl finishes the neck
of this gown. The collar Is clasped with
Splendid Sowns pporh ths
pays WhtH .'War aqd
koVe Were flbroai,;
?n the uand-
THE .SUNDAY CALL.
10
A TROUSSEAU OF HALF
A CENTURY
AGOOf courre, any postoffice clerk Is ex-^
ptcted to know that "Saniose." "Sanaza"*
or any of a score more o* variations
mean "San Jose." atfd that "Gachson" is
"Jackson," but it is generally up to the
"nixie" man to figure-out that "Avina
teama, Cal.," with the "t" not crossed,
means Vina, Tehama County, California.
That address is very common in the mail
The mailing room ol every newspaper in
town is practically a branch postofflce.
As the papers leave the machines they
are distributed in mail bags furnished by
the "postal authorities, and many of these
ba?s are not so much as opened at the
ferry station. All that is necessary is to
weigh them and put them on the dis-
The handling of papers and parcel* i»
very much the same as the handling of
letters, except in the case of the dally
newspapers, which require little attention
at the hands of postoffice clerks.
Another never-ending source of an
noyance is the person who believes that
because a paper wrapper has a 1-cent
stamp on it one cent will carry any
amount of newspapers, from an ounce to
a pound. It won't, and the sooner peo
ple learn this the less they will have to
wonder why the.r friends do not get the
papers they mail them. Only first class
matter is forwarded without being tully
prepaid, and every day basketfuls of sec
ond and third class matter are destroyed
in the San Francisco office. Only where
the package is of obvious* value is a re
quest sent to the sender or the addressee
for postage necessary to forward.
• Nobody would care very much about
the volume of this mall if the postage
were fully paid. But it is not. and there's
the rub. A large portion of it carries
only a 2-cent stamp. Miss Griffin would
be bankrupt If she attempted to pay the
postage due on all the cartloads of mail
she receives, and by the last steamer ten
sacks of it were returned to the San
Francisco office. She might give instruc
tions to have it held for postage, but the
instructions would apply only to that
v/hich bears the correct address; and
In four years' time, with thousands of dif
ferent persons reading and writing the
names the address has undergone so
many metamorphoses that only a "nixie"
man could guess that "Miss Treffy, Ma~
logny Mills, N. S. W.," was meant for
Miss Griffin cf Hurtsville. A few of the
hundreds of variations of Hurtsville are
Makmen Mildo, Nalys; Malsue Mills,
Huslescttg, Nashisitts; Mayron Mills,
Kcepsville, and iMontague, St. Hermits
Villa, N. S. W., Aus.
¦ No doubt the poor woman Is sorry now,
but it is too late. Certainly the postal
authorities are sorry. Steadily during the
four years the mail addressed to Miss
Griffin has Increased, until now the San
Francisco office forwards to her by each
steamer from five to seven sacks of mall,
or from 3300 to 5000 letters, all of whicri
are thick and heavy with stamps In
closed. It has been estimated that In the
United States alone the postage on letters
for Miss Griffin amounts to from $35 to $40
a . day, while from other countries it is
even more. ..,>.:.•.•¦
Then there is the chain-letter fiend. It
is now four year3 since Miss Audrey Grif
fin of Hurtsville, N. S. W., started a
chain-letter asking for canceled stamps.
Her purpose was charitable. . A rich man
In Hurtsville had told "her if she would
collect 1,000.000 canceled stamps he would
build a children's ward in a hospital
tbere, which at that timft had no accom
modations for children.
In Silver City, Idaho.
One charley Jones, a webfoot scrub.
To whom this letter wants to go.
Is chopping cordwood for his grub
Another class of people that postoffice
clerks do not love Is the funny fellow,
who gets joky when he addresses letters.
Here la a sample of him:
A fair percentage of the "nixie" man's
troubles come from the 20,000 letters that
come into the San Francisco office dally
for distribution to points for which this
13 the distributing office; but he is the
puzzle man for the entire coast division.
Not long ago the San Francisco "nlxle"
clerk had to figure on this: Sranowng
Pan Tomas Mlsracz Opez, Kallfornia, Pa,
Waschston Knty, Nor Amriga. The "Kal
lfornia" being conspicuous on the enve
lope had brought the letter to this of
fice, whereas It was Intended for a man
In the town of California, Washington
County, Pennsylvania.
dressed to Mrs. james Quick. Nevada
County, California, found Its owner. "The
"nixie" man remembered reading the
woman's advertisement in the paper ani
was able to snpply the address.
Now. this "nixie.", man comes to be a
genius at guessing. The work he has to
do is like trying to figure out puzzle pic
tures which read, "Aunt Mary is going to
meet papa;' find papa," or "Willie has lost
his dog; help him find it." To any one
but a "nixie" man, the meaning of ad
dresses on certain letters is hidden as ab
solutely as papa and. Willie's dog In the
puzzles, and it is just as plain after you
have been told. _
re ther: and for cases where only the
street and number are given, a .directory
is used showing all the streets in all the
cities and towns In the country, and Just
how the. numbers run on each street. This
Is the work of the "nixie" man.
every conceivable kind of "directory- If
a letter has town and county, but no
State, a aearch fs made through an index
'that shows all the towns and counties of
all the States until the two are found to-
{WES3MFgj0BCj 4 ' ' ' - ' . ' '
that comes from the 'Azores, as fs this:
Also (lore, Amo doreeotmt e&llfornia.
which plainly ' means " Amador, Asubdor
County, California, &SBDB
It was mere chance that a letter sd-
catcher's record, which means a great
savins in time and clerk hire. But Uncle
Sam" a a pretty good fellow after all. and
no one could begrudge him this much
help In the stupendous task of handling
the mall.
They must know through which port of
foreign countries the mail for the hun
dreds of interior towns enter, and they
must know it without stopping to think.
To prove how well they know all these
things, each man is brought to the super
intendent's office three or four, times a
year and given a case examination, which
means that he is put in a small room by
himself, with a glass door so I the super
intendent can keep an eye on him while he
works, and with a small case divided like
the regular working cases outside, and
something like two thousand cards bear-
Ing the names of postofSces, he ¦ makes a
distribution of the cards. His time is kept
and his credits are baled upon this and
the number of errors he makes. There
are men who can throw every card in its
place and at the rate of from fifty to six
ty-five a minute, which accounts. for the
fact that not more than one letter in six
thousand goes astray from this office.
After the last distribution tho letters are
These men come to be walking geog
raphies. They must know the name of
every hamlet from the north pole to the
south, and from Dan to Beersheba and
back again. They must be as familiar
with Novovskresressensk, Alexandrovs
koiepasselenle, Ecaterinonikolsk and Ghy
ighlnskoie as they are with Sacramento
and Oakland. > -,
Cisco foreign, and the letters for t5an
Francisco, which are , about thirty j per
cent of the entire number entered here.
Then comes a finer division, with direct
packages for all towns in California that
get more than fifty letters a day, while
those for smaller towns are routed for
their several trains and in the order in
which they are handled by the railway
postal clerks; for the more Important
cities of other States and for the dis
tributing postofQces of the Pacific foreign
countries.
When' a letter reads "527 Market street,
Oakland," or ''Chicago, Missouri," any
body but a -blind man would know what
It meant; - but when an absent-minded
somebody has stopped after writing the
street number" and name : of ' the street,
or has put down town and county," but no
State, . there is work for . one In the post
office. The way this thing Is done is by
means of. directories. "¦ Uncle Sam has.
But Uncle Sam does not do business
that way. Again, he takes a paternal In
terest in giving quick service, and no stone
is left unturned to figure out the correct
destination - of the letter. -. \ :
These must be caught by the distribut
ing clerks as they throw the letters into
the cases. In case of insufficient address,
it Is easy enough, but a man has to be
thinking about what he is doing 1 to catch
mistakes. Where there ¦ is a. mistake in
the a dress, If the sender's name is on the
envelope, j the ': letter could be returned to
him for correction; otherwise, it might
be sent to the dead letter office.
But postal clerks are not. the only peo
ple who make mistakes. On an average,
five hundred letters a day are, entered at
the . San Francisco, postofflce with insuf
ficient or incorrect address.
The little slip that goes with each pack
age of letters serves as a cheok on each
man' 3 work. If a mistake haa been made,
the railway postal clerk returns the let
ter "with the slip and— well, it isn't' a Rood
thing to have too many slips come - back
on you. •-•'.¦ ,\.?'.i' ; ;'..'<*
. One of the distributing cases la devoted
entirely. to; the ships of the navy and the
various regiments now in active service in
the Philippines. Their whereabouts is
known at all times by advices from Wash
ington, and their mall is routed accord
ingly. -.. . ;;. -vv';v;Ji
It takes a letter Just ten minutes 'to
make the trip from the basket that
catches "drops" :¦ to the trucks ,that v 'aro
delivered to; railroad companies five min
utes before train time.
ready to be tied in packs, with a slip con
taining the name of the distributing clerk,
put in pouches, which are locked and sent
by the truckful to the great platform in
the rear, wher.e the • dispatcher records
each sack and sends it off - to the proper
.train. L . -<
From the canceling machine the letters
go to clerks who make the first division
of them. Standing before : cases with
from a hundred to nearly two hundred
"pigeonholes, these men throw letters like
they were dealing out cards. In the first
general division the separation is made
for a few of the largest cities in the coun
try, States In groups, foreign mail that
goes by way of New York and San Fran-
By means of the canceling machine a
check Is put upon , all letters, showing
whether they have been dropped in mall
boxes or in the postoffice. This Is useful
in case of complaints from business men
who claim that their mall Is not handled
promptly. If, for instance, a man says
his mail is sent to the office by messen
ger, It can soon be learned whether the
boy took it there or. got tired and dropped
it In the nearest mall box. A letter "C"
on the canceling stamp marks the letters
collected from mall boxes, while a "D"
marks the drop letters mailed at the post
office.
And how the man who stands there
feeding them in must swear at the igno
rant and the silly who do not put their
stamps at the upper right hand corner!
Only stamps that are in the proper place
are canceled, and for the others the ma
chine must be stopped and the stamp
hand-canceled, for Uncle Sam is seriously
opposed to havipg stamps do double duty,
and there are people whose consciences
will let them cut uncanceled stamps from
letters and use them again.
Here the facers stand, straightening the
jumble into stacks all facing the same
way, for the next thing that happens to
the letters Is the canceling of stamps and
they must all be right side up with care
to run through the canceling machine,
which works at the rate of some unbe
lievable thousands an hour.
Their work begins on the long table wfth
its ever-changing, never-ending stream of
letters, dumped helter-skelter from bags
and baskets.
Working side by side with these busy
men, who are always running on schedule
time, are the men of the mailing division.
So much for the city . division, which
handles barely half the mall that passes
through the postoffice.
But, no, Uncle Sam is pleased to go to
more than two cents' worth of trouble to
find the owner of a letter. If It has no
street address a letter does not go at
once to the general delivery but to a cor
ner of the Battery-street postoffice
where, day after day, a corps of women
clerks pora over the city directory trying
to fit addresses to the names* on the en
velopes. The postoffice has Its directories
made to order. In eight sections, with
many blank pages after each printed
page, where the clerks note changes In
addresses and add new names; and before
letters without street and number are
consigned to general delivery they are
sent to addresses that may be found In
the directory under the same name, going
perhaps to several carriers before they are
given up as a bad. job and left to their
fate in the general delivery pile. **
All the attention these are entitled to is
to be put in a rack behind the general de
livery window In the main. office on Bat
tery street, held there until called for,
and if this does not happen within the
time specified on the envelope, returned
to sender If he has had the good sense to
put his name on a corner of the envelope.
Or if there is no name and no instruc
tions as to time of return they could after
thirty days be sent to the dead letter of
fice.
Just plain San Francisco is all the clew
there is for about 20 per cent of all the
mail that comes In.
But the first division of the incoming
mail there is another class to deal with
besides that which goes, direct to the car
riers. This is the mail that has no street
address.
This all looks simple enough, because
the system has worn itself into such nice
grooves. It keeps on just the same day
after day until the hundreds of thousands
of letters heap into uncountable millions,
each year's volume increasing visibly.
there are five deliveries.
mail, and part of the floors arc given to
a second man. In Che central districts
The territory each covers is governed by
*be amoutit of mail to be delivered. Out
at the edge of town, where the houses
are scattered and where the receipt of a
letter is an event, a carrier has much
ground to cover and makes but one or
two trips a day. Coming- farther in, where
business is done and letters are an every
day occurrence, the districts are smaller
and the trips more fro?v«3t. In such
great buildings as the Mills and Parrott
blocks one carrier cannot handle all the
He knows who's who and where's where
«ver his entire route, and sitting before a
•ase with many partitions he arranges his
•nail in the order In which he delivers it
•n his zigzag path.
Watch your carrier for a few days and
you will see that his route never varies.
XI it were not for the unlmpressionable
nffs of flagstones and paving things a
mail carrier would soon have his zigzag
path scrawled like a huge signature
across his district.
With the other malls It Is different.
It takes about twenty minutes to put
them through. There has been no
separation on the trains. When the
sacks are opened the letters are
distributed among clerks who sit be
hind cases divided according: to the
carrier districts. These clerks must know
the streets and numbers of San Francisco
as they know the alphabet, for each let
ter must be stuck in the pigeonhole that
stands for a certain district. When this
division is complete the letters are tied in
bundles and sent by the white mail cars
of the street car companies to the branch
offices and sub-stations, where the car
riers take them and arrange them in the
order of their route.
If It Is the overland mall It Is ready for
the carriers, &¦ all the letters for San
Francisco have been separated by a clerk,
who meets the west-bound train about 500
miles out of San Francisco. All"that re
mains to be done Is to distribute the bun
dles to the 250 carriers at the various
branch offices and sub-stations after the
letters have been back-stamped to show
date and time of receipt at the office, and
within ten minutes after the arrival of
this most Important mail the carriers are
handing it out to the people on their
routes.
When the railroad companies push their
trucks over to the postofflce door and
•tamp the bulging sacks on the floor, their
responsibility ends.
Twenty-four hours of every twenty-four
the work of handling the mall goes on.
Moat of this la at the ferry station post
office, which Is the real workshop of the
Baa Francisco department. The sorry
looklng oW 1 landmark on Battery street
is the yn*ir\ office merely by courtesy, and
because tbe^ general delivery and the
boxes and the ' postmaster are there.
Otherwise It Is no more than a branch of
fice.
Of papers and parcels there is no use
trying to talk in pieces. They amount to
teas.
Sixty-five trains a day bring their piles
of heavy pouchtc to the postoffice door,
and the opening of them means another
rood hundred and fifty-thousand letters,
the Incoming xnaiL ] ' '.V .'
'Mnetten times a day the men from the
co!:cctior.. route dump the contents of
their bags on a long table in the postoffice.
-Ml day long the white cars, so arrogant
wah the badges of "U. S. Mail," ply back
and forth over streetcar lines, delivering
mail to the sub-stations and receiving in
return that which accumulates there,
bringing it to swell the pile on the table,
a pile that never shrinks below a certain
sire because of the drop letters that chase
one another edge to edge through the
narrow slits within a few feet of the
table.
This is the outgoing mall, nearly two
hundred thousard strong.
Ar.d there is no time for loafing.
K\ erybody has a number, and when he
reports for duty he, must tell Bundy, and
wiie:i he leaves he must tell Bundy. And
somehow they manage it that a carrier
Buodyv four times for each of his five
trips a. day, until B.undying becomes a
ptritct lmgleitr. It is so easy to /meet
a.-jother fellcw somewhere in the office
and step to till him a funny story and for
j;el all about Buncly, who never fails to
B<ve it away when the tape is taken out at
night. There it is, bold r.nd big and in
disputable, flown to the very fraction of
a minute, and too much loss of time
means j, tine or. a layoff. That is why
everybody is regular as clock-ticks.
livery body is as regular as clock-ticks.
He baa to be, for Iv. each office hangs that
grimmest, most conscienceless, of buga
boct>, the Bundy clock.
r^r INMOST a letter apiece lor every
/^ I head of humanity in the city goes'
»— | daily through the San Francisco
V, I postoffice.
JL As with other riches some get
less than this per capita, and some more,
and more go out than come in, but it's all
the same to the men who handle them.
The postal service has been reduced to
an exact science, a thing of system and
Kupcriiiter-dents/ v.ith all the men and
wonifcii Id :t like so many cogs and bolts
and ratchets and levers of a great big
busy pitce of machinery, nicely adjusted.
TJElV FUXDAY CALL
11
6 DAY IN THE POST OFFICETllbV ?V<y. (VAT CA .Li Li.
12THE SUNDAY CALL.
j— y H-H-H! Zip!! Boom!!! AhMrt
{j— w In a few days more the small
y^\ l>oy and his equally enthusiastic
Ly and ofttimes less, dignified parent
• will be celebrating anew, the
glories of the American war of inde
pendence with crashing bomb and soar
ing skyrocket
And what a. nrrchxUon It was to eate-
Drate, to be sure. If It had been ayee a»
ly designed and staged by a master mind
in the art of playwriting It could not
have teemed with greater dramatic scenes
and Incidents. Indeed, in a war so full
of bravery and endurance, of self-sacri
fice and grim determination, of individ
ual exploit and military craft, of pic
turesque splendor and quick changing
fortunes, the wonder is that the mas
ter minds In the art of playwriting have
done so little with these ready-made he
roics.
On these pages, therefore, the whole
history of the American Revolution ta
told photographically, from the begin
ning to the end in a series of poses
which show the mort Important events
in tha great eight years' war.
They axe all the mjre interesting be
cause they are posed by men and wo
men accustomed to dramatic representa
tion and costumed correctly according to
the best records of the history of the
time. Those pictures In which the men
alone appear were posed by Messrs.
Formes, Fogarty, Braidwood. Joyce and
Guise, all members of the Tlvoll Opera
Company. The .other two picture* were
posed by Messrs. Left, Sharp and H.i.
ton and the Misses Cook and Davis uf
the Central Theater.
To costume them completely and cor
rectly Goldstein & Co. gave their whole i
staff up to the task of selecting and fit
ting the suits, while Goldstein & Cohen ~
furnished the wigs.
The first great scene of the war was tlv
attack ot-the "minute men" of Concord,
who gav» the British such a terrible drub
bing In the running fight that follov. ,.-ii
the redcoats' efforts to escape. To com
memorate this event an impressive stat
ue stands on the very spot where the
fight began. It la accurately reproduced
in the large picture on the preceding
page, posed 'by Mr. Joyce.
The next important events occurred
when Washington assumed command uf
the army and the Declaration of Inde
pendence was read to the troops. The
men in these two pictures are Messrs
Formes, Fogarty, Braidwood, Joyce
and Guise,
After this came one of the most strik
ing and picturesque scenes in ail the long
conflict, when Washington and his stari
met at the house of Betty Rosa and ap
proved the beautiful flag she had made as
the standard of the new nation— the mu.sr
beautiful flag In all the world. This pic
ture was posed by Miss Dorothy Dav.i
as Betty. C. M. Hlnton as Washington
and Philip Left and Frederick Sharp a-*
his staff officers.
Following this came the dark days be
fore Monmouth and nothing could be
more dramatically Impressive than the
council which took place on the night be
fore the* battle, between Washington,
.Lafayette, Knox, Qreene and Wayne,
who are represented in the photograph
by Messrs. Guise, Braidwood. Former,
Joyce and Fogarty,
Nor is th«re anything more thrilling
in all that long struggle than Mo!!;.
Pitcher's heroism at that same battle of
Monmouth, when she loaded the cannon
with her own hands after her huabaiu'.
had been killed. The historical picture
of this event is reproduced by Messr».
Hinton, Sharp and Hlnton. and Miss
Minnie Cook as Molly Pitcher.
Conspicuous in all history among those
who gave up their lives for their coun
try was Nathan Hale, the America
spy who was executed by the British
and to whom a monument has been
•rected. It is posed in the large p.c
tura on thla page by Mr. Braidwood.
One of the dreariest periods of ail wa.»
Valley Forge, . where the Continental
soldiers suffered such hardships, de
•plto all Washington's best efforts to
cheer them, that tha Colonial Congress
wnt an Investigating' committee, hea.it. 1
toy Benjamin Franklin, to look into thj
condition of the camp.
But' there was good cheer in store for
tho Americana when General Gates
stopped General Burgoyne in his "prom
enade through the colonies." which the
British commander had undertaken so
Jauntily, and forced him to surrender.
And though the later decisive victory ?it
Yorktown, which ended the war. brought
universal gladness, there was the keen
est excitement of all when word wu<
passed along the line that Washington
had narrowly escaped being killed by a
cannon ball.
But of all of this series none show
the great fidelity of the American offi
cers to their commander and the path..*
amid bo much that was dramatic as th>
reproduction of the famous scene wher^
Washington bids farewell to his gener
als, shown herewith. It was posed bv
Messrs. Formes, Guise, Braidwood anil
Forarty.
And y»t, this is only a small part of
tho glory that th© American nation wC.
««lfbnit* all oT«r again in a. few days.
Ba-h-hl Zip! Boom!! Ahll!
13
TOLD BY THE CAMERA"A Latin Grammar for Schools," by An
drew Fleming West, professor of Latin
in Princeton University, has Just been
published by D. Appleton & Co. of New
York. It will be found most useful for
the beginner in the study of Latin. The
selections are strict and. the statements
of ¦ things most Important for the young
Latin Grammar for Schools.
"A devoted, cheerful, caressing daugh
ter la the Joy of a home. Happy the
house that resounds all day long with her
song and the peals of her silvery laugh
ter. She Is the sun that shines all day.
She Is the chain that binds father; and
mother together, and their safeguard
against any danger to their 'Jove and
The Lothrop Publishing' Company of
Boston has just issued a volume of . de
lightful criticisms from the pen of Max
O'Rell. The work consists of a aeries of
essays on life In general, and Its pages
are filled with good common sense served
in a most palatable and readable way
sparkling with philosophy and wlL It la
distinctively American in tone and will be
found excellent reading out loud for the
benefit of the family at large and your
self in particular. Here la a selection
from a chapter devoted to "The Ideal
Daughter": .
'Tween You and I.
THE Illustrations on .this, paere are
from a- noteworthy work " on " the
subject of penology just from the
press of D. Appleton & Co., New
York, price U 40. Under the title of
"Prisoners of Russia", Dr. Benjamin How
ard has given us a personal study of con
vict life in" Sakhalin and Siberia that,
coming from the pen of bo eminent : an
author, will be found most. interesting.
What he has to tell us of the odd penal
colony on the Island of "Sakhalin, off the
mouth of the Amur. River, Is quite differ
ent from what others have had ; to say
with reference to political prisoners in
Siberia. Benjamin Howard,* M. A., M, D.,
F. R. C. S. E., was a penologlstof note.
He was born in England in 1836 and in 1853
came to America, where he worked at his
trade of painter and paper-hanger for a
livelihood while he attended college
classes.. His idea at that time was to be
come . a medical missionary and - he soon
gave promise of the eminence that he, was
to attajn later in life. He received many
honors and degrees in the medical col-;
leges.
He soon became intensely interested in
the question of slavery, and to investigate
for/ himself , the practical workings of.hu
man slavery even obtained employment as
a \ clerk ': in a ; slave market .at St. ?Louis ,'
Mo. He saw and ; learned enough to mako
him an active partisan against t slavery,
and . the .war for the 'Union breaking \ out
Dr. Howard volunteered his services to
the Government as a surgeon. He " eerved
through the war with much' honor."
Laterihe resumed private practice^ and;
a prize essay' "written by ' him for. r the
American Medical Association, . entitled'
"The Direct Method of Artificial Respira
tion, or the Treatment of Persons Appar
ently , Dead from Suffocation by Drowning
or from Any , Other Cause," ¦ made a : name
for him throughout the United States. .'He
held many responsible professorships dur-_
ing. his life; but was finally obliged to give
up all thls~ on account of his health and in
1875 left -New York for a prolonged stay in
Europe, Asia and Africa. :
i He was always very much : Interested ' in
the" djifferent* convict systems of the world
and /in the study of criminology and
prison reform; sp,; beginning with 1888, he
began to travel 'considerably: for the* pur-
; pose of making, thorough investigations of
these subjects. He went through the prin
l cipal prisons ""of England, Germany and
the United States and through every con
vict: prison between St. Petersburg and
Siberia; in Russia he traveled many hun
* dred miles in hourly contact with more
than 500 exiles by road, river and rail. He
made practical studies of the Armenian
troubles In their midst.
; : The present book, , therefore, • will be
found , of i great Interest to students of
' criminology; and, from Its readable style,
will also appeal, to the general' reader.
In |it he takes up .the question of" punish
ment . with , the ¦ knout,' and also compares
; lt with our 'own: system of 'solitary con
finement. Through his position he en-
Joyed every, opportunity, for an intimate
¦•^acquaintance -with the personnel of the
Sakhalin .settlement, and': his book pic
; tures " many curious experiences and
strange » characters. He gives * a sketch
of^ Vladivostok, which he inspected with
care, that will , be -read with Interest In
view, of j.lts . increasing political and mili
tary importance. An; Interesting preface
¦ for the volume has been written by Brig
adier. General O. O. Howard, U. S. A.
retired. jffiHmWMUft trflU.^ ITftfl/l'SJM '
Read Dr. Conan Doyle's book on the
recent "Boer war for the pro-English ac
count, then read "The Boer Fight for
Freedom," by Michael Davitt, for the pro-
Boer side and ' strike the average to suit
yourself. The latter book, "The Boer
Fight, for Freedom," has just been pub
lished by. the Funk & , Wagnalla Com
pany of ; New York, price $2 00. . Michael
Davitt :U a man well fitted to write with
sympathy i of the strugg-los of a people
aspiring for national independence.
Born at Sralde, in County Mayo, in 1846,
The Boer Fight.
A story in the vein of humor that Stock
ton so dearly loved to affect is "Mr. Whit
man—A Story of the Brigands," by Eliz
abeth Pullen. The book contains matter
quite bright and original. Mr. Jeremiah
Whitman, a practical American business
man, wholesale dealer in tanners' sup
plies," has a sort of "Jekyll and Hyde"
nature, bo far as his kusiness side and his
poetical side are concerned. Under his
very conventional exterior he has a burn
ing dealre to see Italy. The chance comes
when hi" uncle leaves him # $5000. With
this he roes to Italy and has adventures.
Captured by brigands, he wins them by
his courage, refuses to ransom himself,
and la actually made chief of the brlg
anda. Thereupon he sets the band and its
operations upon a business basis, forms
the Travelers' Relief Association with -by
laws and parliamentary code of procedure,
and, as leader of ' his first "operation,"
attacks the coach in which the young
Italian eenorita he has fallen In love with
is traveling. The complications are re
freshing, the humor captivating and the
results delightful. (Published by the Lo
throp Publishing. Company, Boston. I Price
$160.)
Mr. Whitman.
"PRISONERS OF RUSSIA"
Cyrus Tcwnsend Brady writes anything
well, from a sermon to a sea fight or a
historical novel. ,' As an example of the
last we have "Hohenzollern," recently
published by the Century Company, New
York. This . is a tale of the time of Bar
barossa, and deals with the wooing of
Matilda of Voburg by the Count of
Hohenzollern. .Two other gentlemen also
feel that Hhey have something to say
about the heart and ( hand of this fair
lady, hence the present story. :
The Duke of. Saxony for one, and Fred
1 erlck Barbarossa for" another, have each
decided that the . fair Matilda shall be
his own. The Duke and Hohenzollern
would wed the lajdy, but the /Emperor,
must fain offer Her only the left" hand,
for he already has a wife of his own."
He later obviates . this latter dlmculty*
by divorcing Adelheid, and then . again
offers suit to the lovely Matilda.
Matilda's heart beats for Hohenzollern
alone, so in the present day it : would
seem that with such a state of affairs
there could be nothing 'else but a happy
wedding, with possibly Barbaroasa and
;•. ¦. Held for Orders. .
To all magazine readers the name of,
Frank H. Spearman Is a familiar one. In
etorles of railroad life he is probably one
of the most clever writers before the pub
lic. His book recently published by Mc-
Clure, Phillips & Co.,; New York, under
the title of "Held for Orders" ' includes,
those short stories of his on railroad lifo
that have appeared J in • McClure's : Maga- '¦
zine and will be. heartily .welcomed by"
those /who read any or all of them upon
their first appearance. . For examples of
description in practical . heroics , they; are
inimitable. The present series ., includes
ten tales; each one of which is independ
ent of the others yet all are bound to
gether by the . reappearance of certain
'Another book of Pepper stories to de
light the hearts of the little ones. This
Utest book by Margaret Sidney deals
with the travels of the "Five Little Pep
pers Abroad" and' is just as charming as
the other stories of the series that have
preceded It, 'It takes Mother Pepper
now: Mother Fisher— the little doctor,
Polly, and Phronsle over seas, with
Grandpapa King, Jasper and Parson and
Mrs. Henderson. There In new scenes and
new experiences the brightness, the wit,
the kindliness,, the keen knowledge of
child nature that have made all the Pep
per books so irresistible, are just as con
spicuous as they have been In the Pepper
stories .at home. (Published by the Lo
throp Publishing Company, Boston. Price
$125.)
Five Little Peppers.
Saxony posing near the chancel rail as
mournful but resigned lovers. ¦
But these were days when ladies fair
were wooed and won * by the sword as
often as by the soft word, and both Sax
ony and Barbarossa are men who would
wed the lady first and ask her prefer
ence afterward. The author with . three
such types of men in center stage makes
a good story, with plenty of '- fight and
complications in the way of plots and
schemes, and many a time he has the
heart of the reader in wild palpitation
lest the worthy Hohenzollern shall fall
before the power of either one of his an
tagonists. The noble Count's persever- .
ance is rewarded at last, however, and
"they live happily ever afterward."
characters prominent m that section of
.the mountain division where the scenes
of the stories are laid. The/incidents very
from the thrilling to the humorous and
. the pathetic; and the character .drawing
from the lowliest wiper to. the head of
the division is equally well done. •
,¦¦ ¦ — : — : — _
JUDITH'S GARDEN— By Mary E. Ston*
Bassett. Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston.
81 50.
THE SPEXDERS— By Harry Leon Wilion.
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston. $1 30. ,
A SINGULAR WILL— By George C. ManhJ
F. Tennyson Neely Company, New fork. *• '
COL. HAROLD DE LACY— Hy Frank Jk.
Douglass. F. Tennyson Neely Company. New
York.
A VACATION WITH NATURE— By Fraa*
De "Witt Talmage. Funk & Wagnalls Company
New York. SI.
THE DICTUM OF REASON ON MAN'S IM
MORTALITY—By Rev. David Gre*g», DJ>. X.
B. Treat &'Co., New York. 50 cent*.
DAS EDLE BLUT "WTLDENBRTXCH— By a
A. Eggert. American Book Company Kit
York.
THE LATE RETtnOttNO— By Mur»ry Wil
liams. The Macmlllan Company, New Tor*.
$1 23.
THOSE DEUGHTTUL AMERICANS— By
Mrs. Everanl Cote*. D. ApjUetcm * Co.. N«w
York. Si 50.
PRISONERS OF RUSSIA— By Dr. Beajunia
Howard. D. Appleton & Co., Nnr York, tl 40
GRADED MENTAL ARITHMETIC— By
Frank J. Brown*. Tha Whltaker A Ray Cbat
pany, San Francisco. SO cents.
BAN FRANCISCO MAILING SOUVUNUi—
Published by the WhJtaktr A Ray Company.
San Francisco. 15 cents.
REARING SIUECWORini — By Mr*. Canto
Williams. The Whltaker A Say Company, gin
Francisco. H 20.
PRACTICAL AIDS TO LITERATURE—Ar
ranged by J. W. Graham. Th» Whltakw *
Ray Company. 8an Francisco. 25 c«nt».
FONOGRAFIA ESPANOLA— By I. X. Ftrry.
The WhltakerA Ray Company. San Fran
cisco. $1.
MY TRIP TO THE ORIENT— By, Rev. J. C.
Simmon*. The Whitaker tt Ray Company, San
Francisco. $1 60.
WAY OF ESCAPE— By Graham
Travers. D. Appleton & Co.. New York. $1 6a
THE LOVE STORYlOF ABNER STONE—
By Edwin Cartlle Utsey. A. S. Barnea & Co.,
New York. $1 20.
LAFITTE OF LOUISIANA— By Mary Del*
•"U^LltMe, Brown & Co.. Boston. $1 BO.
VESPER SPARROW— By Margaret Kern. 3.
8. Otflvl* PuhllshJni- Company. New York. SI.
Books Received.
St. Auban makes an attempt to abduct
-the fair Yvonne, "but is foiled by the ever
present and alert Gaston. De Luynes
learns of the plot and warns Yvonne, but
she is still bitter fn her hate and refuses
to believe him and (so falls into the hands
of St. Auban, which gives De Luynes a
splendid opportunity in his role of hero
to rescue the maid. This is his first step
in the good graces of Yvonne, and later,
when he is not so fortunate in meeting
the schemes of St. Auban and is dragged
out of the river wounded and uncon
scious, she nurses him back to life. His
ground gained here is soon lost again by
an unlucky act while he is hard at work
thwarting yet another plot conceived by
the fertile-brained St. Auban; but this
time Ms disgrace is not for long, and the
book ends as all true, novels of the ro
mantio school' should end. ; .<; 7
If you want three hours of -good read
ing get "The Suitors of Yvonne."
After this the interest in the story
centers about Blois and the estate of
the Chevalier de Canaples. Andrea falls
in love at sight with the sister of Yvonne,
another complication. St. Auban appears
on the scene with a band of select cut
throats, adding yet another complication.
So, In short order, De Luynes has his
hands full enough to satisfy even a fire
eating son of Gab cony.
aback when he learns the object of An
drea's proposed journey, but even then
announces his intention to stand by his
friend, cardinal or no cardinal.
"But they do not ; remain outside. Sure,
they go 'in; the little rogue knows her
business. She knows that papa is always
ready to cheerfully part with his ,oose
cash. She gives him a nudge, a little
wink. They laugh, and in they go. And
what a time they are having discussing
over the choice of all the things they are
going to have! When they return home
they get scolded for their" extravagance;
but that's all right. Mamma is not a bit
jealous. Besides, have they not brought
something for her? Of course, they have."
"I admire the love of a daughter for her
mother, but it is so. common, so natural,
that' I am always ready to take itfor
granted; but the love of a daughter for
a father! What a. sight for the gods it is!
Look at that girl on her father's knees,
with her arms around his neck! fondling
him, petting him, patting his face, curling
his mustache, pulling his nose. Look at
them in the street, arm in arm, like ol<l
'pals.' His weight is not one ounce. In
that girl's company he is a man of 25— not
a year older. Watch them flatten their
noses against the'''shop windows, looking
at all the pretty things inside.
/dithfulness to each other. Is there any
thing which could entice that father out
of his house so long as that girl is in it?
No, nothing but the work that he\ has to
do, and which he cheerfully does, all the
time longing for that welcome kiss when
he returns home
his natal year saw the commencement of
the "Great Famine" In Ireland.' At the
age'-.af; ten he had already begun to work
to add his scanty moiety to rent money,
wheti His. family was evicted from their
¦ holding- and forced to migrate from the
country. The Davitts.went to Lancashire,
where little Michael secured employment
in a cotton-mill. While "winding" a
ma.hine his arm was caught In the wheels
an-J torn j- off at the . shoulder. This ac
cident could hardly -be called a misfor
tune,- for it gave the sharp-witted boy
"three, years of hard study at Wesleyan
school, to. which he was sent by a Roman
Catholic/priest. He then obtained em
ployment in the local postoffice, where he
mustered the art of printing, and soon be
came an efficient "typo," perfecting his
education at night by constant attendance
at a mechanics' institute.
Davitt's father, an old follower of
O'Connell, was always an ardent Na
tionalist,: and before he was twenty Mi
chael found himself mixed upi in one of
; the revolutionary movements viiich he re
" garded at that time as the on'fy means of
righting his country's wrongs. He in
duced the other_jnembers of his family to
emigrate to America, and he became one
of the Fenian leaders In England. In 1S70
he was arrested, tried on a charge of trea
son-felony, convicted, and sentenced to
fifteen years* penal servitude. He con
tinued in prison for nearly eight years,
when he was released by the Government.
Davitt now set about organizing the
Land League, delivering lectures on the
subject. r in Boston, Philadelphia and Chi
cago. Returning home again in 1879, he
once more conferred with the Irish lead
ers, and, in the end, the Land League^ was
formally started. .-,: ". ;
The J Liberal party was then in power,
and though Mr. Gladstone, the Prime Min
ister,' was coerced by the Land League
movement to pass the great Irish land act
of 1881, 'the author of the agitation was
politically obnoxious to the authors of
the legislation for having forced their
hands. , Accordingly, in February, 188L
Sir William Harcourt caused him to be
arrested. It was during this imprison
ment that Mr. Davitt wrote his first book,
"Leavea From a Prison Diary-"
In the following year he went to prison
for the third time on his declining to be
bound. over to keep the peace. While a
prisoner he was elected to Parliament by
his present constituents as . a protest
against the treatment he had received,
' but he never took his seat.*
The upshot of Davitt's prison thoughts
was the conviction • that revolutionary
methods were powerless to effect any use
ful object, and on this belief he has acted
consistently ever since.
Another result of his reflections as a
prisoner appeared when, subsequently, he
was elected to a seat In the House ' of
Commons, and took up the cause of prison
- reform. He had in the meantime, In the
course of wide travel, visited the leading
prisons In Australa and the United States.
His agitation was instrumental In I bring
ing about a marked change for tha better
in the treatment of prisoners in British
jails.
Mr. Davitt. as a result of his travels in
the antipodes, wrote a work entitled
"Life and Progress In Australasia."
He resignedi-hls s*eat in Parliament, a
few days after war was declared in Oct
ober, 1899, to go to the scene of military
conflict In South Africa. There he met
the leading Boer generals, and President
Stey n, whom hey greatly admires as the
wisest of statesmen and noblest of pa
triots.
Having such sources of information, the
trained pen of Mr. Davitt has produced
"The Boer Fight for Freedom," a history
written on the spot and in the saddle as
it were, yet orderly, complete and graphic
The present volume consists of 603 pages
with 7 maps and Index, and is Illustrated
with illustrations from photographs taken
by Ibe author and others.
commands Andrea to proceed at once to
Blois and pays bis devoirs to the fair
Yvonne. Andrea writes a letter asking
De Luynea to accompany him on a "mi«
gion of delicacy" without tellln* him 1U
exact nature and, despite the Cardinal's
warning, away goes Oaeton poete haste to
Join his young friend. He is rather taken
At this the mob turns upon him and he
barely escapee with his life by leaping
Into a pauinr carriage in which are none
other than YVonne -de Canaples and her
sister. Ere this ride is done Yvonne
learns of Gaston's having left her brother
for deed on the dueling field and of
course the stock of De Luynes does not
advance very materially in her estimation.
The next change of scene finds Gaston
even in worse odor with his Eminence the
Cardinal, that worthy prelate being quite
outspoken in his intention of hanging De
I/uynes if he is ever found again In the
company of Andrea. The Cardinal then
More trouble awaits the unlucky De
Luynes In the' second chapter. It seems
that the Cardinal desires to marry Andrea
to Yvonne de Canaples, a rich heiress. The
brother, Eugene de Canaples, takes a dif
ferent view of the matter from his father
and Mazarin. and as the easiest way out
of the difficulty forces a quarrel on An
drea that he may kill him In a duel and
then have his sister wed the villain-of the
piece, the Marquis de St. Auban. So. In
the morning after Andrea's drunken spree,
De Luynes is paid a visit by Mazarin and
told that if this duel be fought, he, Gaston
de Luynes, will have the honor of hanging
for it To save his own neck the doughty
Gaston sallies forth and at once makes a
quarrel with Canaples and runs the gen
tleman through; but not content with this
he remains to remark that "there will be
no duel at St. Germain this evening" and
by eo doing lets his enemies know that he
has acted in the Cardinal's interest in sav
ing Andrea from Canaples' eword.
De Luynes tells the story in his own
words. At the beginning we find him a
lieutenant of the Cardinal's guards and
maltre d'armes to his Eminence's ne
phews, Andrea and Paolo de Mancini;
but the first chapter sees him stripped of
his honors and thrown out into the street
for allowing the young Andrea to so fill
himself with wine that Mazarin discovers
him seated on the floor in a drunken stup
or pulling the table load of crockery about
his ears and howling with glee.
Sabatini has that happy faculty, bo rare
in the authors of to-day, of making his
narrative first and letting the matter of
descriptions of people and places and th«
atmosphere of his story take care of them
selves; he wastes no time In painting
stage settings, eo common a trait among
the writers of historical novels who think
they must sacrifice the Interest of their
story In order to give verity to the his
torical element. He gives you a vivid
mental picture of people and places by
suggestion and without wasting your time
in wading through chapters of descriptive
matter afraid to skip any lest you may
loee some thread of the plot.
ing made the motif of his story like that
of "Under the Red Robe." I merely men
tion these points of similarity that those
who enjoyed Mr. Weyman's tale may
know that here is another equally good.
"The Suitors of Yvonne" Is too well
written to criticize Mr. Sabatini for hav-
In fact, there is a marked similarity
between this romance by Sabatini and
that of Stanley Weyman. Weyman uses
Richelieu as the dread power pervading
the book, while Sabatini has Mazarin for
an omnipresent danger— both Lord Car
dinals and in the matter of disposition
and methods of intriguing one a close ap
proximation to the other. Jean de Berault
Is a gambler and professional duelist, a
6washbuckler, until the fire of love burns
out his wickedness and leaves behind a
noble man. Sabatlni's Gaston de Luynes
Is of the same stamp and goes through
the same refining process before he is
made true gold. Weyman's heroine is of
the haughty type who at first despises
the man she is later to love in spite of
-herself because of his generous deeds.
Yvonne is given every cause to dislike
Gaston de Luynes, but even her haughty
pride Is to fall in the end before the ad
miration that is unwillingly forced from
her for this man who does eo much with
out hope of reward and simply because
he takes pleasure In the doing.
Gaston de Luynes, the hero of the story,
is a man rich in birth but poor of purse.
His is a character suggestive of the fiery
D'Artagnan, but more nearly resembling
the hero that Stanley Weyman portrays
eo well in "Under the Red Robe"— Jean
de Berault.
This "Portion of the Memoirs of the
Sieur Gaston do Luynes" is quite remin
iscent of the good old days of "The Three
Guardsmen." There is a Lord Cardinal,
none other than the great Mazarin who
bo ably succeeded Richelieu In the relgh
of- Louis XIII and foreshadowed the
reign of Louis XIV. The time of the
story is laid when Mazarin is at the
height of his power and is trying to grind
en ax for himself by making a suitable
match for one of his Italian nephews, An
drea de Manclnl.
«-t v* ERE comes a novel of the roman
! _\ tic. quasi-historical school that Is
|~~1 well worth reading. Those who
X, 1 have been following the chapters
+S of "The Suitors of Yvonne" as
they have been appearing In Pearson's
Magazine already know of this clever
work from the pen of Rafael Sabatini;
and others, who can get the story in book
form as published by-G. P. Putnam's
Sons. New York, have yet a treat in store
for them.
CONDUCTED BY
B. G. LATHROP
The Smart Set for July opens with a
novelette by Edward S. "Van Zile. entitled
"Clarissa's Troublesome Baby," a story
that is unique. Among the short stones
especially noteworthy are: "The Discov
ery of Claudia," a skillful study In tem
peraments, by Marguerite Tracy; "After
noon in Arden," is a modernized idyl, by
James Branch Cabell; "Rlccardo of the
Gray Eyes," a charming love story, by
Guy Wetmore Carryl; "The Betty Syndi
cate,"-^ social satire, by Beatrice Heroiv
Maxwell; "The Vengeance of Mr. Living
stone," a eomecly of intrigue, by Justin.
Miles Forman;- "Dying Fires," a powerful
story, by Frank Norris; "In the Days nZ
Our Egotism." an effective bit of psycho
logical fiction, by Douglas Story; "The
Haunted Knocker," a weird tale, by Edit a
Sessions Tupper; and "Behind Green Por
tieres," a wondrous strange narrative, by
John Regnault Ellyson. Gilbert Parker.
M. P., contributes a very important and
timely article, "The Crowning of the
Kir.gr," in which he discusses the signifi
cance of the coronation of Edward VII;
and the Duchess of Somerset contributes
an interesting essay entitled "Relating to
Toasts Past and Present."
The principal articles in' the July Over
land include: "Building of a Battleship,"
..George William Dickie; "Fourth of July
at Nome." Josephine Vrelle Scroops: "Tr-H
Bullv.haeker's Pet," R. B. Towisenci;
"Perils «jf Camphor Industry, For::iosa,"
Fred Harvey Major; "Three Months' Out
ins: tn Three States for Thirty-Three Dol- ,
lars," J. Edgar Ross; four sonnets. l*o-l\
lerso Soj:.?o. Joacuin Miller has written
a memorial poem entitled "Good-By. Bret
Harte, Gcod-By," for the Bret Harte me
morial number of the Overland Monthly,
September issue. <,
Literary Notes.
In view of the interest which will soon
center in and around Westminster Abbey
the A. Wessel3 Company has issutii a new
edition of "Farrar*s "Westminster Abbey,"
to which has been added Dean Stanley's
chapter on the "Poets' Corner."
student to know are quite plain. The
aim has evidently been to piok out only
the eiscr.fals, to define them a* simply
as the facts warrant and to give ad much
explanation as will fasten them surely in
the mind of the pupil. The author has
been careful to omit technical language,
unimportant exceptions and all refine
ments of doctrine which properly enter
only afU r the school stage of study is ac
complied. The matter 13 put in a con
crete rather than in an abstract way. and
the pup 1 may learn to see in his grain
mar the satisfying explanation of livmj
ufage rather than the dissection of some
thins lifeless. The price of the book U 90
cents."- x^;
Advanced French Prose Composition.
In "Advanced* French Prose Composi
tion." by Victor E. Francois, is given axt^
pie material for thorough drill on the con
structions and idioms of the French lan
guage." embodied In a large variety of en
tertaining and helpful exercises. The
Look is designed for the second year In
colleges or the thirJ and fourth year In
hiph schools. Grammar reviews are torn.
bir.ed with translation work, based on se
lections in French, and suggestive ques
tions refer to thes* selections. Numerous
references are made to the new :rram
matical rules promulgated by the Minis
ter of 'Fill )Fo Instruct.'on of France in Ida
decree of February 28, 1901, the more im
portant of these rules being given In full.
Thf book is admirably adapted to simple
m<nt the same author's "Introductory
Composition." (Published by the Ameri
can Book Company, New York. Price 80
cents.)
THE'vSU^DAY CALL
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
14
Elder 5 Shepard sell
In the Country
God Forgot
By FRANCES CHADLES
What the critics say o! this
strikingly original novel by '
a new Calilornia writer
Arizona was never more truthfu'Iy depicted
Uun In this novel, sayj the Lcuisvlie Courier-
Jaurnal.
¦A stlrrinj. vivid tale, full or liFe and <ei ? on.
with a strong sertiment and an evident first-
hand knowledge by the author of the sesnei
and characters presented, says the Washington
12 mo. 328 pages, $1.55
ELDEB & SHEPAfiD (
238 Post Street
San FrandsM
(it OMAR i«
iSilPlIilll I
|J KHAYYAM H
i'lpi junior mi
I Coal A «nai»*Mi.» Clihai tmj.mt TW» Q
W fgU to*» u *H» **»« •* *» *«T— Vp«& I
M t^4 *t •"»<"• «"" "itiUnm «wrt* 1
||if by Wallace IrVin I|||
I ***** Love Sonnets 01 'Hoodlum"
|V ELDED AND SHEPAfiD
Wy\ SaarnadK* /0
lo^^flL .^.Ti,? 1^ < * Mor * , f\($\TO HEAR women likened to flowers
!s of everyday occurrence — a pale,
small woman to a snowdrop; a tall,
fair one to a Illy, or a blooming
maiden to a June rose.
The study of floral types Is fascinating.
"What flower does she resemble?" you
ask yourself, scanning each woman fair
as she passes by.
The rose maiden Is by no means an un
common type. She is queen of society, as
her floral sister is queen In the garden.
More or less beautiful, she is brilliant In
conversation, though often with a merely
superficial, knowledge, gleaned as she
skims along. Accomplished as a society
woman must be, she is happiest when the
center of attraction; kind hearted and
generous, but somewhat selfish* and un
willing to share the honors of her throne
with any other woman. . But be she fair
as the creamy tinted G-lolre de Dijon, as
dark as the darkest red rose, admiration
and excitement are to her as the very
breath of life.
And the Mb woman— the sweet purple,
the light of the sapphire in it, is 'in her
eyes eyas that are sweet and swift and
bright. "1 could not see her face because
of her eyes." A pretty little conceit that—
once paid to an iris woman.
The prototype of a pend Illy is a beauti
ful soulless woman. Lovely, but unlov
ing, . her beauty lacks warmth and per
fume, as does the wax-like beauty of the
flower. Too cold to feel "green pleasure
or gray grief," tears and laughter are
alike unknown to her; calmly she glides
through life, untouched by joy or suffer
ing, and looking with cool disdain on the
' frailties and follies of her more passion
ful sisters. Admired by the other sex for
her beauty, her lifelessness freezes them,
her Indifference chills; lovely though she
undoubtedly be, she falls to inspire the
passion and life long adoration that follow
in the wake of the annunciation or Ma
donna lily— the prototype of all that is
rare among women. How many of the
fair sex can combine within themselves
the beauty, strength, nobility and, withal,
vx'iuislte sweetness of that lovely flower?
The flame oolored poppy is a somewhat
uncommon type of woman. Handsome,
with a» kind of gorgeous coloring; Intel- ,
U-ctual and brilliant in conversation, en
f-rsetic, with wide opened, far seeing eyes
v. hen there is anything to be gained, yet
!nzy, with a languorous indolence that
savers of a tropical blood, as soon as the
need for exertion la past.
Strong-hearted, bravo women are the
pink geraniums. If not gifted with great
beauty or talent, they haye plenty of good.
common sense and are Tull of sympathy
and, the milk of human kindness and are
ever at hand .with help and counsel in a
moment of sickness or distress. Wives'
who ' stand , by their husbands alike
through storm, and sunshine, who upbraid
them not, even when the. rainy day
comes; mothers who help and love their
children, ungrateful and thankless though
Ihose children be; women who spend their !
lives in other people's service are the
gemnlums, stanch friends through good
acd.- evil report, honest, truthful. God
fearing women.
'The sweet peas are among the sweetest
of women, as they are amfcng the moat
fragrant of flowers. Marked by no great
outward beanty, no special brilliancy of
~- .'• *»¦*¦*¦ •
dered borax or a handful of oatmeal.
Don't bathe the face while it Is very
w arm or veiy cold.
Don't wash the face when traveling, -un
less ft Is with a little alcohol and water
or! a little Vaseline.
' . - •¦".•..-¦¦* 'C.f^HSS^ HhBMI
Don't attempt to remove dust with cold
water; give the face" a hot bath, with
fPRACTICAI* DETAILS.
How to have a clear skin— Don't bathe
In hard water; soften It with a little pow-
cial grace. A rich dark face and a velvet
clad figure remind one of nothing so much
as a deep-tonod gloxinia; slight, drooping
women are like fuchsias; short, stout
women, like - rhododendrons. Like whiffs
of mountain air or the breath of the salt
sea are the women who remind one of the
purple clover. Strong and vigorous in
body, healthy In mind, with hearty voices,
they Invigorate and brighten - all with
whom they come In contact.
In looks, but strong and daring, of soul.
The mignonette. woman, of sterling solid
worth, though destitute of beauty or spe-
is the, woman one tZkoa to avoid. If pos
- slble.
The snowdrop woman Is fair and fragile
cxOortng, they yet attract by their simple,
unaffected grace and hold by their tender,
unselfish ways. Truthful, pure-minded,
candid, without rudeness, dinging, yet not
without strength, ¦ day creep with uncon
scious step into onefti heart and nestle
| there fowrvemwro.
How charmlns look the apple blossom
;- maidensi They pass among strangers or
'acquaintances as laying; , angello crea
tures, but those who come In contact with
them, : who have . perhaps to battle with
. them, know that a hard disposition lurks
behind the deep, blue eyes, that the lit
, tie white- hand, so soft and dimpled. Is
sometimes a cruel one.
\ The Illy of the valley Is a fair, merry
. girl, with a voice like the silvery ring of
bells. . The tuberose, with . its strong per
, fume, | Is the woman we all come across
•- now and then, who delights in personal
remarks' of an uncomfortable nature;
who will tell you bow shocked ehe is at
your ghastly appearance, or how pained
at the dreadful alteration In the looks of
a favorite but perhaps delicate child. This
Alcohol is quite necessary for the
toilet. Some women consider It bad for
the skin, but those women have either
used it unreasonably often or know noth
ing at all about It, for there is really no
cosmetic that a woman can use with such
good results as alcohol diluted with the
purest' rose water. If your skin Is par
ticularly dry perhaps It would De as well
not to use alcohol more than once a week,
but once in two or three days ought not
•to hurt , the - most delicate skin and will
make a vast Improvement m an oily skin.
Every one knows that frequent face
washing is ' bad for the complexion, and
if, when you begin to fed sticky as to
chin and oily as to nose you rub your
face with a fine flannel cloth wet with al
cohol, afterward rubbing it with a dry
flannel or chamois skin, your ' face , will
be- 1 suffused with delicate color and quite
free from dirt. If your face seems rough
to the touch, not actually pimpled, only
lacking In velvety smoothness, . a little
alcohol • gently rubbeu in, either, with the
fingers or flannel, has a wonderful .effect.
As it removes every atomic specimen of
dust, it Is a splendid thing for black
heads, and its daily use, if persevered in.
will eradicate the ugl- blemishes. It -will
smooth out tired wrinkles and lines' that
leave the face fresh and spotlessly clear.
After a tiresome shopping expedition
rose-scented alcohol is the best thing
imaginable to bring . up your color and
your spirits for luncheon and matinee.
First dissolve the camphor tn the acetic
acid, then add the oil; stir well After a
few days it is to be strained and bottled,
when it is ready for use.
Another toilet water or omnpit^y vtne
gar calls for: . ••
Oil of rosemary _ j dram
Oil of clover.-. ........JL dram
Oil of lavender .. —...Jl drama
Concentrated acetic acid..... Jt ounces
Camphor j ounc»
There Is n"tV"ir more ""jIiiimiiC tbma
an oily skin. A simple remedy wtriuli wfil
remove the shtny appeacaooB at ttfc* moat
obdurate oily face I**.
Borlo add .... .....«1 dram
Distilled witch baael... M . M . MM . M i maom
Apply with a place of oM Baea or a Mt
of absorbent cotton.
A refreshing toilet water for m ffifnt r
after returning from a leas &rtv% OPT^ted
with dust, is made «f :
Oil of lavender.. J drams
Oil Of bereajTMit : . , , f draaw
Oil of lemon T ..... J trams
Oil of neron. , , .,......- .t dram
Tincture of turmeric*.. 1.............1 irazn
Oil of rose. ...^.......J drops
Alcohol ~.~.~J. quart
It la a good plan to cleanse the faoe to
fore retiring with a little cold cream, to
remove dust, tan and sunburn. Ajpty
with a soft place of ttnen, rubbtrty It wmll
over the face, then wipe off tbe Mper
fiuous moisture. This oleaaMS the **+*)
better than water. Rain watar flfikovM b*
ueed if possible, or distilled or ros* *****.
Cucumber peels are exceCest Cor Cm
complexion. Let them, soak In tba imtn
jug/for they not only soften but gtrm too*
and freshness to the oompleadgo, fcaeptinar
the flesh healthy and lira.
Don't forget that beauty la a power.
There is nothing more potent; it is to a
woman what capital is to a merchant. Its
absence is a misfortune; its cuLtara wls«
and proper.
SOME RECIPES FOR THE SUMMER
COMPLEXION. '
Don't neglect Bleep; you can even sleep
yourself good looking. A long nap and a
hot bath- will make any woman good look
ing.
Don't forget that ths nurses <rf woman's
beauty are seven — fresh air, sunshine,
warmth, rest, sleep, food and whatever
utirs the blood, be It exercise or enthusi
asm, l
Don't rub the face with too coarse a
towel; treat it as you would th» finest
porcelain, gently and delicately.
Don't be afraid of sunshine and fresh
air; they give bloom and color.
¦oap; then give it a thorough rtnstn» with
clear" tepid or cold water.
The Prototypes of the Hose,
the Queen of . Society, as
Her Floral Sister Is Queen
of the Garden — The Beauti
ful Soulless Lily— The Iris,
With Eyes That Have the
Light of the Sapphire in
Them — The Hignonette
Though Destitute of Bsauty
of Sterling Worth — The
Meek and Gentle Forget-
Me-ITot — Some Practical
Considerations for the Im
provement' of the Summer
Com.plexicii.
TRE-; eiI ; XDAT-;;C AT;!,. %
15
FLORAL TYPES OF WOMANTHTB SUTTDAY OAXiI*.
16THREE :; STATESMEN WHO ARE
1 PARTICIPANTS IN THE LATEST
CANAL CONTROVERSY.
Had the coronation occurred American
women would have .constituted ono of tho
most brilliant 1 ' features. Tho Duchess of
Mcrlborough .had a new, coronet even
mbro magnificent than tho big pearl tip
ped tiara Biie^has hitherto worn at court.
Her unworn acquisition rivaled that of
the. , Duchess . of. Portland, In which tho
great Portland diamond Itself, worth £12,
000, : has been reset. Mrs. : Arthur. Paget,
who would have had a seat In. the King's
box at Westminster Abbey,; would ; have
worn a costly emerald and diamond tiara,
Tt has been decided that tho Prlnco of
Wales ', will :- review . tho colonial contin
gent of troops July 1 on the Horse Guards
parade' The ; troops will bo under 1 the
command. of the Duko of Connaught.
GORGEOUS OEMS AND ATTIRE.
Among 4ho disappointed standowners
and other sections of tho public there is
a .strong deslro to have a war parade
with Lord Kitchener as the central figure.
Such an' arrangement would doubtless
attract many- thousands to London. Tho
metropolis and ;'. the' country are quite
ready to go wild. over Kitchener, but, he
Is likely to endeavor to dodgo any public
shows. Falling Kitchener, tho stand pro
prietors have to roly on tho King's' first
public reappearance, which Is likely to
bo a drive through tho streets to the na
tional thanksgiving service. , That, how
ever, must bo somo time hence, as a man
In his slxty-nrst year, in spite, of his
wonderfully quick recovery from tho ef
fects of tho ' operation, would , probably
havo to' submit toa rather longthy con
valcsccnco]
_ = „ _ w o _^rjg,^.^n. w UVIIUdUUU.
FESTIVITliflS TO OCCUR. I
-A week which" has witnessed emotions
of such conflicting and, intense character
as to be without ( parallel; in the .nation's
history'is ending as' it. began— in rejoicing.
In the brief space of five days the coun
try has gone through : the most acute
stages of jubilation, fear, doubt and hope.
Now, with to-day's bulletin, they are all
talking of 'th'e festivities, many of which
will occur as planned. The Crystal Pal
ace, July 2, will be the scene of the bril
liant hospital ball, in which so many
¦Americans are taking 'part. On July 4
the' Indian Office will be transformed with
Oriental decorations, plants and flowers,
tor. the Asiatic reception, when the Prince
of Wales Is expected to welcome the vis
itors, and London's poor are eagerly
looking forward to their free coronation
dinner. .' t ;
WOUXD PARADE KITCHENER^
j Upward , of . 100 warships are still an
chored at Portsmouth, but there has not
as y^t ! been any " announcement' as td
-ihether or.' not they " .will be* rbylewed.
Thousahds'of persons; meanwhile are go
lpg.'down to • Portsmttqtli tp A'lew. the VasV
qeniblage , therQ Vf, British • naval- 'prbVcsi '
Xi ilJ.uiai^ip^^ftx^y^^Stiach'eii'^o
the ibuiidi'ngs are' *belhgi5eheraily,retalhed,' ;
ind in';additio'iv,-thcy;will be lighted up
whitin ¦ the . bxpected ' announcement of the
recovery . of ; King..Edward Js. made.' In
other respects London is assuming nor
mal.aspects..-- — - ~~ ,. ... ...... ..
? Newcastle and \ some', of „ the smaller
towns were '.illuminated In honor of his
Majesty's 'progress toward recovery. . [
| The' group "of members of the royal
famllyuwhich gathered at-Victoria- station,
this morning were happy and ,cheerful.
The Prince of ; Wales' went f there to bid
farewell to jhis cousin. Prince Henry of
¦ Prussia, :¦; and. to the .Crown Prince Louis
Philippe of Portugal'and others who were
leaving > London,' including the Grand
Duke of Mecklenburp-Schwerin, Frede
rick Francis, and the Egyptian and Moor
ish envoys.' The chief of staff of the last
named said to *a reporter: "I am smitten
to the earth j with sorrow for King Ed
ward. England Is a great country, but I
am glad to be goir^back to civilization."
So accustomed has the public become to
favorable news ,of King Edward's condi
tion that- to-night's latest bulletin, while
read with eagerness, was accepted as a
matter^ of course. ' " - * . '.
;The word. "discomfort" used In connec
tion with the wound in the 11 o'clock bul
letin is. not regarded as having special
significance, and it is announced that the
transfer of his Majesty from th© bed to a
wheel couch caused the royal patient *no
r>aln. ; ';" -...'. ¦ ". ,"._..- ¦ • ' ; ; :
; The Prince and. Princess of Wales, the
Duke and Duchess of Connaught and oth* r
ers of the royal family dined at Bucking
ham palace; this evening.
¦ "The King ' has . passed a . comfortable
day and his strength: has been well main
tained. The wound occasionally . causes
discomfort. "TREVES, ; .
"BAtlLOW.
\ - "LAKING."
XONDON, , June 2S.— The following bul
letin regarding the King's condition was
issued from Buckingham j palace , at ' 11
o'clock to-night:. " ' "
Newcastle and Some
ji Smaller Towjis
Light Up.
British People Ready
to Celebrate a
Recovery.
Wound Is Occasion*
ally the Cause of
Discomfort.
PATIENm:--
REPOSES
(mmucfi
NOME GIVES UP ALL HOPE
FOR THE MISSING PORTLAND
Steamship yKimballBrihgsiWord From the NorthThat Neither the
Alaskan Liner^Npfrihe Jeanie Has Been Sighted and the Ice*
packs Holding Them Have ; Been Carried: Far Into the Arctic
KING IS MOVED FROM HIS BAD OF PAIN
MORGAN'S CANAL RESOLUTION
MEETS VIGOROUS OPPOSITION
Alabama Senator Desires ix) : Know Wheth^
Been Hanging About Congress Is to^Receive Part of Forty Mil**
lions to Be Paid the French Company: for' Panama Property
Continued on Page Eighteen. .
SALT LAKE, Jun© 2S.— A. A. Robert
son, paying teller of Wells, Fargo & Oo/s
Bank in this city, is missing. It Is al
leged that ho is short in his accounts, bus
bow much is yet unknown.
Paying Teller Is Hissing:.
BUENOS AYRES, June 28.— The Bra
zilian Senate and Deputies met to-day,
says The Call's correspondent In Rio.Ja
neiro, and proclaimed Francisco Rodn
gues Alvel President of tho republic and
Sllviano Brandao Vice President. The new
administration will assume .power in No
vember. •
Alves Proclaimed President.
• CHICAGO, Juno 33.—For twenty-four
hours Chicago has been in the grasp of
one of th© heaviest storms of tho ytar.
The rain has fallen unceasingly and tho
wind has blown a galo.onT Lake Michigan,
tho fore© of the blow rising at times. to
forty-miles an hour. Much damage hax
been dono to truck farm*. near th« city,
and the continued wot weather has caused
heavy loss to florists, many of whom will
bo compelled to plant their flowers over
ngnln. Tho flower beds in the majority of
the parks have ben ruined. It is expect
ed, according to tho Weather Bureau,
that severo weather will contlnuo for at
least thirty hours more.
1 Upon the request of tho Imperial Chan
cellor the, text*, of the now Dr»»Ibund
treaty will be kept secret for tho present,
and It is not certain whether, Its publica
tion will' occur later. Tho, announcement
of the signing of tho Drclbund < did '¦ not
cause surprise, th© renewal of tho • Drel
bund haying been taken t as .a -foregone
conclusion since Count von Bulow's cqn
fcrenco with tho \ Italian » and ; Austrian
Ministers during the' Eastern holidays.
German offldals have never , evinced • the
slightest; concern at ' tho ' many, reports
emanating from Paris and other diplo
matic centers representing, the prospects
for th© renewal of the 'iDrelbund , to ;be
gloomy, and ; they knew all along that
Italy's flirtation with • Franco was 'not .in
tended to be disloyalty ; to' her Teutonic
allies ;;,"•¦': "i ' . . :
BERLIN, Juno 28,—The treaty, provid
ing, for the , 'prolongation of tho alltanca
between Germany, Austria-Hungary : and
Italy (tho Drelbund) was signed in. Berlin
thla mornlnp by tho ' Imperial Chancellor,
Count von Bulow;- tho Austrian Embassa
dor, I* von • Szogyony-Marlch. and the
Italian Embassador, Count' Lanza ¦ d I
liusca. , ' .' '
. CAPE , HAYTIEN.' Hayti, June 2S.-
Great excitement has prevailed here Blneo
yesterday. Admiral Kllllck, commander
of tho 'Haytlen fleet, disembarked troops
to support^ General Firman, former Hay
tien Minister/ at Paris, and one of the
candidates for the Presidency of tha, re
public, and after v refusing to recognize
; the constituted authorities, threatened to
bombard: Cape Haytlen. The consular
corps to-day "protested against such ac
tion being taken. .The Bishop and a del
egation of the foreign Consuls endeav
ored to bring about, harmony between
the contending factions, but their efforts
failed ; of ; success. Since , 5 o'clock this
afternoon i fighting has been in progress
in -the. streets; and tho firing, still contin
ues. . The ¦ situation is ; exceedingly ' grave
and "everything Is to bo feared.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., -WASHINGTON, Juno 2S.-FTom Min
ister Powell, at Port-au-Frlnce, th© State
Department to-day ' received two tele
grams'bearing ! on : tho revolution there
Tho first stated that Minister, Powell had
learned that -it was tho Intention of th«
Haytlan 1 admiral to ' bombard Cape
Haitian . this '.afternoon . at , 2, o'clock. A
rnlnutb after this another dispatch came
enying that the Haytlan.GoN-ernment had
repudiated the action of tho llaytlan nd
mlral.V "i^.-.
Government Repudi*
< at es the Proposed
Bombardment.
Germany, A ustriaand
Italy Maintain
Alliance.
A Heavy Gale From
Lake Causes Much
Damage.
authorities as represented by the civil
Governor and the. Philippine Commission
on the Fourth of July, and that General
Chaffee's functions as military governor
of the, provinces now under military con
trol will terminate on that date. General
Chaffee, . however, , will remain in. com
mand of the military department of , th«
Philippines and will assist tho civil au
thorities In tho preservation of pcaco and
good order whenever called on to do so.
The effect of this policy will be tho
complete establishment of civil govern
ment throughout tho entlro Philippine
archipelago on America's independence
day. Tho , military will j bo everywhere
subordinated, to the civil authorities, Just
as it is. in the United States. As one of
tho officials . put it, "General Chaffee's
functions .'in command" of the troops of
the Philippines will bo just the samn as
the functions of General Brooke, com
manding the Department of the East In
the United States; . that Is to cay, the
troops will be employed to enforce the
mandates of the civil government only
when the constabulary and tho other civil
forces areunablo to cope with the situa
tion." • ¦
: It was further stated that the Moros
would be allowed to continue their: tribal
relations for. the time. being, and will be
governed under practically the same con
ditions as . tho American Indians' until it
is • demonstrated that civil ' government
may. be V advantageously , ',. established
throughout the province of Mindanao.
WASHINGTON, Juno 28.-U was stated
at the 'War Department this afternoon
that' the , entire Philippine archipelago
will; be placed under, control of the civil
CTTATTEE'S RULE ENDS
ON INDEPENDENCE DAY
STORM RAGES
IN VICINITY
OF CHICAGO
HAYTI STAYS
THE HAND OF
ITS ADMIRAL
Morgan ln^Jsted upon bis resolution. Ho
wanted to know— and would know—
•whethf r or not th© lobby that had been
hanging about Congress so thick that it
might 'be cut with a knife had been, re
ceiving or was to receive a part of the
$40,000,000 to bo paid for the Panama canal
property- Things of that kind, he said,
had occurred In diplomacy since the first
treaty was made. Large stipends . and
bribes trero paid to-day to men who con
ducted great "neirotlatlons. He desired to
SWARMS OP LOBBYISTS.
After Morgan had explained tho resolu
tion, Bpoonw of Wisconsin vigorously op
posed Its adoption, declaring that It was
without precedent, entirely mischievous
and obstructive of tho action of Congress.
Tho United States was In no position, ho
thought, to act as agent for bondholder*
or shareholders of the Panama Canal
Company. Those people Would have to
look to the French courts for their rights.
It was not the business of tho United
States to constitute Itself & guardian of
th* court and of tho people who had
claims against tho Panama Canal Com
pany.
WASHINGTON, Juno 28.-In
the Senate to-day the reso
lution offered yesterday by
Morgan, providing for an
Investigation by the Com
mittee on Interoceanie
Canals to ascertain whether any claims
«xlst In favor of citizens of the United
States Against the old or tho new Panama
Canal Company and authorizing the com
mittee to ascertain whether unlawful or
corrupt methods have been used to ob
tain aay part of th© sum that may be ap
plied to the purchase of the property of
th* new Panama Canal Company or to
Costa Rica or Nicaragua by tho United
States, was taken up and argued.
Morgan disclaimed any effort, to
on 'the' Senate 1 or Congress' as a whole.
OPPOSED BY HANNA.
Hanna opposed the resolution, faying
that' tho people had accepted the verdict
of Congress upon the canal and were sat
isfied. Ho resented the intimation that a
lobby was hero to advocate the Panama
route and to induce Congressmen to vote
against their convictions and Inclina
tions. He protested against such an in
sinuation and declared that he never -had
known of such a lobby, and he challenged
Morgan to produce proof of his charge.
He was .'opposed , to the word and spirit
of the proposed resolution, .'and', in addi
tion to the cloud which- Morgan already
had thrown upon the title to the Panama
Canal Company's property, the endeavor
now was made to lay upon Congress the
charge of calumny and corruption. There
was no truth In the insinuation, and Mor
gan must have known there was , none.
He was unalterably opposed to .the reso
lution.. ". ¦':¦''- '¦'¦¦ :'<¦¦ .'•'
Mitchell of Oregon said he could not
see his way clear to support the pending
resolution because It would be' regarded
by the people as a means of delaying the
canal. He had been in favor of the.con
struction of the canal by the Nicaragua
route and he felt that Congress had made
a mistake in considering ' the Panama
route, but he was eo much in favor of an
Isthmian -unal and had so much confi
dence in the wisdom of the President, , to
whom the subject had been referred, that
lie could not bring himself to support the
resolution.
Epooner explained that the legislation
enacted would enable the- President to act
In the premises.- However, he (Spooner)
was not prepared to assent to the Sen
ate's assuming that the American credit
ors of the Panama Canal Company could
attack the decree of the French court in
this country, bo that ground might be
made for an' Indefinite obstruction of the
will of Congress In regard to an isthmian
canal. .' ¦ ¦ . • • •
be assured, that the United States had
• sot been scandalized In any respect.
He insisted there had been a lobby here
in ¦ support ¦ of the Panama route, but he
had not charged that the lobby had cor
rupted Congress. He believed the carry
ing out of his resolution would clear the
atmosphere of all floating charges.
• The resolution went to the calendar
without action. ¦ . • .
Speculation as to the Jeanle, since she>,
has not even been seen, is\ on the theory |
that she went farther west than any of
the vessels on the way up, and if she has
gone Into the straits at all it must have
been by, the west or Siberian channel—
that is,, the west side of Dlomedes. The
chances for the escape of those aboard the
Jeanie would be still less than for the
Portland's passengers,
The crew of the Roanoke, arriving ye3
terday, saw but two Ice hummocks In all
the trip through Bering Sea, up and back,
That hundreds of miles of Ice could hava
heen cleared out in so short a time seems
almost Incredible and . indicates ttao
mighty current that has'swept into the
Arctic through the straits.
:¦¦ MISSING. STEAMSHIP PORTLAND, FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN
" THREE YEARS AGO WHEN SHE WAS CAUGHT IN THE ICE UN
DER . CIRCUMSTANCES SIMILAR TO THOSE NOW OCCASIONING
FEARS FOR HER SAFETY. SHE REMAINED A PRISONER TWELVE
DAYS. r '
TRIPLE PACT
IS RENEWED BY
SECRET TREATY
f If the shore were reached, the passen
gers could find : settlement's of natives
north of and at Prince of , Wales, where
there Is also a Jesuit mission. . There are
frequent settlements of Eskimos all the
way east -from Wales, 'especially, at York
Bay and York Cape, less 'than fifty miles
from Wales. • • • . ¦-¦¦¦-'¦ . .
A few miles from the lower end of Dlo
medes the channel breaks hard toward
the eastern shore : of ithe - straits, • and
there are ' shallows '" below Cape Prince . of
Wales which would be favorable for mak
ing an escape and reaching land through
the ice grounding. . i ..,„..» ¦.; \,
i> "to': BATTLE," Juhe*28.— The^steam-
; i t^^ . ; ship/Jqhnig.'-.Kimijali; j arriving y
'v 't^flay":from;Nomo, 'brouyht^no ;¦¦
'fai —^P^ne.ws.'o't" the missing steamers '
' *^*^^- rPortiandj arid; : Jeanie, '^beyond 7 ;
.'... further "speculation; as ' to 'thefr' : .
fate. ¦ ;In> ailfttterirecelved^tbr "••
day -from. Captain J. -TV. ; Griffin' of : Nome,
the (conditions In- the Bering. Sea are '; dis- ¦ '
cussed and'the chances for "the escape of ,•
the Portland's' passengers considered.' The ,
letter is premised with the' statement that 5
there Is not believed to' be' one chance in "
fifty for the Portland- to be saved. . Nome
considers the' vessel doomed. ,.• •.
The straits on the American side east of *
DiomedesV island are about twenty-six
miles wide and the. spring, tide, the
ico is running through, makes it a verlt- :
able, millrace, the current being from v ,
eight to ten miles an hour. The Portland
once carried in there, say those who spec-.,
ulate upon her" fate, would be all right as
long as the ice held intact, butwhen the
pack were crushed in the ;.raglng flood, '
and come into contact with , more solid ice -
nearer the i shore, the stanchest i craft ,"'
would bo. rent asunder.- The passengers
might escape,, reach the.', solid -Ice "and: get!,
ashore on the continent, side, ..provided -•
they did not wait too long before leaving
the ship. '¦'¦';, ~r-. : ' -'\\ "•'.¦'¦s- .',...,'.- ..'. \
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
VOLUME XCn-NO.,29.
SA^rKAKCISCO, SUNDAY, W
| Pages 17 tol|
The San Francisco Call.
flpf toljKING MOVED FROM BED OF PAIN
: DENVER, Colo.t June 28.— At 11 o'clock
to-night an electric street car loaded with
people returning from a suburban resort,"
jumped the track and overturned at the
corner of West Thirty-eighth avenue and
Homer boulevard. Eleven persons were
seriously injured and four of tjiem are
likely to die. There were about eighty
persons on the car and all were more or
less Injured.
Passenger-Laden Car Upset.
WASHINGTON, June 28.—Representa
tive Foss of Illinois, chairman of the Na
val Committee of the House, to-day intro
duced a bill to establish an engineering
laboratory to be known as the Melville
Engineering Laboratory after Rear Ad
miral Melville, chief engineer of the navy,
who will soon go on the retired list. The
bill provides that the laboratory shall be
on Government land designated by the
Secretary of the Navy and cost, with
equipment, not exceeding $400,000, of
which $200,000 is appropriated.
Government Laboratory Planned.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 28.— President
Roosevelt's order to Attorney General
Knox to make an investieation of the
anthracite - coal eituation with a view of
learning whether an agreement exists
among the pperatPrs to regulate prices,
prevent competition and limit wages in
violation -of the Federal and trust laws,
was mtt by the presidents of the hard
coal roads, who were in this city to-day,
with a flat denial that any combination
exists. ,
That the coal operators are deeply an
gered and disgusted by the President's
order they do not attempt tp conceal, but
none of them would' venture/to make an
open criticism qf his course or to com
ment upon it in any way for quotation.
.Possible, interference from President
Roosevelt has been feared from the first
by | the operators. From a man who has
been closely identified with the operators'
side of the controversy from the begin
ning of the trouble the operators' attitude
toward the position taken by the Presi
dent was obtained to-day. Th© operators
deny absolutely that there Is such a thing
as a coal trust or any combination of the
kind ' prohibited by the United States
laws. They insist . that all talk of such
a combination is nonsense. They declare
that they are perfectly willing to submit
tp any examination that the President or
his advisers may think proper, because
they are confident the Government would
find nothing on which to base hostile pro
ceedings.
While they do not object to an inquiry,
they regret that there should have been
any thought of such a thing at this time
because they fear it will encourage the
strikers to remain out longer than they
would do otherwise in the hope that the
President will do something to aid them.
They believe the strike leaders will make
the most of the President's order and that
it will be used to persuade the men that if
they will hold out only a little longer the
Government will weaken the operators
and give the strikers a victory.
•But whatever the President may do in
the matter, the operators say they are
confident he is powerless to injure them
and any action that may be instituted ky
the Attorney General will come to noth
ing. They were so confident of thi3 yes->
terday that they were almost defiant in
discussing the question.
Special Dispatch to The Call."
Intimation '.- That Trust Ex
,." ists, Meets With Plat
, : ueniai. .. ..-..;¦
President Roosevelt's
Action % tho Cause
of Wrath.
ORDER PERTURBS
MINE OPERATORS
PETALUMANS WILL GIVE
FREE REIN TO PATRIOTISM
Committee Having" in Charge the Details of the Fourth
of July Celebration. Arranges a Programme of Enter
tainment That Wiil Crowd Every Minute of the Day
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
PRETTY PETALUMA' GIHL9
WHO WILL BE SEEN IN THE
" FOURTH OF JULY PARADE.
SLIGO. Ireland, June 28.— In accordance
with the -request ot the select committee
appointed by the House of Commons to
Inquire into the case of Patrick McHugh,
Nationalist member of Parliament for
the North Division of Leitrim and pro
prietor of the Sligo Champion, who was
committed to jail for three months June
IS for contempt of court, owing to his
failure to appear in answer to a sum
mons on a bench warrant Issued under
the crimes act, McHugh started for Lon
don In custody this afternoon. He will
be lodged in Holloway. Jail as a first class
misdemeanant.
McHugh Goes to London Jail.
LOS ANGELES, June'2S.^The board of
.underwriters . has given notice to the
wholesale merchants dpihg . business on
Los Angeles street that the rates of In
surance have been advanced 59 per cent
on buildings and "40 per cent on stock,
giving as a reason the inadequate water
protection.
The Merchants' and Manufacturers' As
sociation- has taken up. the question at
the solicitation of those of Its members
aftected by the advance in rates and an
extensively signed petition will be pre
sented to the Board of Water Combiis
sicners on Monday evening, asking for
immediate relief.
That the Water Protection Is
Inadequate.
Los Angeles Underwriters Declare
DOUBLE THE INSURANCE -b.lf
. RATES. IN ONE DISTRICT
collar, pendant and brooches formerly be
longing to her mother, Mrs. Paran Stevv
ens. Mrs. Paget's dress was embroidered
with diamonds and pearls.
Lady Ablnger, who was a Miss Magru
¦der (daughter of the late Commodore Ma
gri;der. U. S. N., and widow of the late
third Baron Abinger), had her peeress'
robes embroidered with gold and besides
her diamond coronet would have worn a
four-row pearl recklace, clasped with a
-huge sapphire and surrounded with ij'a
monds, once the property of Marie Antoi
nette.
Marie Cora, Lady • Stafford, formerly
Mrs. Samuel Colgate pf New York, would
eertainly have made a sensation, as she
had a very high -diamond tiara and in
stead of a necklace would have had rubles
and pearls, draped like an aiguillette, on
her left shoulder. • . ¦ •- - ;
Lady Dufferin (formerly Miss Florence
Davis of New York) -Intended to wear all
the heirlooms of, the Dufferin family,
which she recently inherited.
. Lady Gray Egerton, who was Miss May
Cuyler, daughter of the late Major W. J.
Cuyler, U. S. A., was going to dress in
white, embroidered with gold lilies, with
a diamond tiara, a diamond and pearl col
lar and two necklaces', one of rubies and
diamonds and one all diamonds.
Lady de Hurst, stepdaughter of Charles
Bonynge of San Francisco, was to wear
beautiful black pearls, a diamond neck
lace and a diamond tiara.
STOCKTON, June \ 28.— Banker . P. . B.
Fraper. . his son Alfred : and Eleanor, Har^
rold,' an elffht-yea.r r -oid g\t\ from . Palo
Alto, were injured in' a runaway accident
hero this evening.'OFr&ser's horse took
fright at a street. car and ran away, AU
three occupants of the surrey were
thrown put. : The little girl was seriously
and the pthers slightly Injured.
Throwxi: From. /Their Surrey.
The natives are greatly excited over the
situation' and are demanding more vigor
ous action at- Peking. ':,;•• ¦
Under the pretense of preventing the rebelg
of Chill, penetrating. Into -three provinces of
Manchuria, the RusslaS Qovernor General of
Kwantung haa Issued telegraphic instructions
to the Russian : opmmanders to remain ready
for action at their several garrison posts on tne
Northern borders o( Chill. .They are Instructed
to refuse leave of . absence . to subordinates, as
the Russian forces may be required to take the
field at - any moment. ; • Definite . instructions
were Issued by the Russian Government as to
the route \ each force Is to take and the towns
and cities they are expected to seize and hold
when the moment arrives, fpr action.
TACOMA, June 2i,-rThe steamship
Tacpma brought, news that France
and Russia are working together with
the apparent object of taking advantage
of China's weakness at a time when
rebellions are in progress In nine put
of the "eighteen provinces comprising
China proper. The force of French cav
alry and artillery which crossed the Tpn
quin frontier | in May is now marchipg
through Kwangsi for the ostensible pur
pose I Pf finding the Kwangsi rebels and
subduing them. Its commanding officer
claims that Important trade between Ton
quin and China- has been jeopardised by
the rebellion, which must be stopped." .
The native papers of Shanghai publish
dispatches from Peking which ., contain
more important details than the Euro
pean correspondents have been; able to
obtain. These dispatches say, that, simul
taneously with the French movement in
Southern China, Russia has assumed a
very threatening • attitude in the north.
The Peking Government early in June re
ceived th§ following telegram from 9. Tar
tar general in ¦' Moukdeh, the capital of
Lower Manchuria : ; v v - ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Claim Purpose of Inva
sion Is to End
Rebellion. • ?#
FRENCH TROOPS
ON CHINESE SOIL
WASHINGTON. June , 28.-^The . Hpusa
Committee on Foregn- Affairs to-day re
ported a resolution giving '.the;, thanks of
Congress -to Admiral Kempff • for' his, con
duct during : the ;3lege of Taku,*- China."
Congress Thanks Keinpff .
KELLOGG, Idaho. June 28.-^Bud Brent
ley, aged 14, was caught under a slide
in his . father' s prospect hole • on Big
Creek, Thprsday, and suffocated. The
boy was . trying to release hia father,
who was -caught ¦ by . a previous ; elide
and was covered to his neck- ' The father
was held all night in 'his perilous posi
tion and was almost crazed when the
rescuers found him.
Perishes Trying to Save; Father.
HAVANA* June 28.— The arrest of Ama
deo-Raves and Isabelle Lacavallrie in
Havana harbor bids fair to cause inter
national complications Involving the
United States, France. Mexico and Cuba.
The persons arrested arrived at Havana
from Mexico, en route to New York.
Raves was charged with embezzlement
by, the father of Isabelle Laeavallrle, who
had. the Mexican authorities cable to the
Mexican. Consul here to arrest the couple
on their arrival, and stating the charges
against Raves. On receipt of the cable
the Mexican Consul advised - with the
French Charge d' Affaires and together
they presented the case to Senor Zaldo,
the Cuban Secretary of Foreign Affairs.
Secretary Zaldo decided it was possible
to hold the couple, and demanded of the
captain of the ship their delivery. Cap
tain Robertson protested and advised with
United States Minister Squires, asking the
latter to give orders for their delivery.
Minister Squires refused, declining to as
sume any responsibility in the matter.
Captain Robertson was forced to give up
the passengers, but registered a protest in
thfl United States legation, holding that
passengers In transit could not be taken
from a ship in an intermediate cbuntry
where no "violation of law was charged to
have been committed. :
Minister Squires is preparing a full re
port of the matter for the State Depart
ment. Raves promises a damage suit
against the Ward line for not fulfilling its
contract. He will also invoke the Govern
ment of France, of .which he is a citizen,
for protection.. Both of the prisoners be
long, to prominent and wealthy French
families . and eay their elopement was for
the purpose of marriage, and that the on
position of the girl's father was the cause
of the trouble. The man is 23 years old
and the girl is 16. They had been sweet-
Hearts for several months in Mexico City
La Republico Cubano- condemns Secre
tary Zaldo's action as arbitrary, reciting
the fact that there is no treaty of extra
dition -between Cuba and Mexico. El
Mundo declares the ¦ action • outrageous
El Diario Marina editorially condemns
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Elopers May Cause
International Com
plications.
During the same session to-day Attor
mey T. W. H. Shanahan, ex-Assemblyman
from this district, Intimated that Attor
neys McCutcheon and Garter of San
Frand3co were indulging In "underhand"
work. The court was compelled to inter
fere to check Shanahan's verbal assault.
REDDING, June 28.— To-day's proceed
ings in the Superior Court In connection
with the Balaklala mining case were ex
citing for a time. William Murray and
Barney Conroy, the defendants, in their
answer to the Balaklala Company's com
plaint, had accused Attorney W. D. Tll
lotson of "double dealing" and acting as
counsel for the company, while ha was
employed as their attorney. They alao
accused Tillotson of so manipulating a r^
ceipt they signed for certain moneys paid
them by the company, that It later tura*B
out to be a quitclaim deed to their inter
eats in the mine. Tillotson threatened
perjury proceedings and to-day while on
the witness stand assailed his accusers.
He denied the accusations and intimated
that a conspiracy had been laid to injure
him and his side of the case.
ACCUSATIONS STBIKE
AT THE ATTOB1TEYS
ARREST EXCITES
THE DIPLOMATS
the Secretary's action.- The dlplomatio
corps is disturbed by th» Incident on ac
count of its being the first which has ag
gravated International complications.
WASHINGTON, June 28.-"When the
House adjourned to-night after quick ac
tion on several measures, the general de
ficiency bill and one Item in the naval
appropriation bill were all that remained
in dispute between the two houses so far
as the appropriation bills are concerned.
The conference report on the District pf
Columbia bill was adopted and it now goes
to the President for his signature.
The Plouse decided the- contested elec
tion case of Hprton vs. Butler from the
Twelfth Missouri District by declaring the
seat vacant. By a vote of 100 to 136— a
strict party vote— Butler, who is a Demo
crat, was decided not entitled to the seat.
Butler made a vigorous speech of an hour
in defense of his right to the seat. The
Dick militia bill was made a continuing
order, not to interfere with conference re
ports.
McCleary of Minnesota called up the
conference report on the District of Co
lumbia' bill. Cannon . explained that the
House conferees had agreed to a revision
of the tax laws, .which would raise $1,500,
000 additional taxes in the district-to meet
the increased expenditures. :
¦ Fpss of Illinois, chairman of the Com
mittee on . Naval Affairs, called up the
conference report on the naval bill. The
conferees, Fbss explained, .had agreed to
all {terns except those for the increase of
the navy and the place where the new
Bhips are to be built. Fitzergald of New
York ¦criticised the conferees for yielding
to the Senate in- the* items, for the im
provement of the Portsmouth, N. H.,
navy .yard. , He thought the great navy
yards which were running on -half time
for. want of work 'should t>e built up and
the small yards abandoned. The report
was then adopted— 116 to 74. '•
The conference report on the bjll to
prevent " false branding" of foods was
adopted. ;A- resolution, was adopted to
grant the- Commissioner . from Porto Rico
the prilvege of the floor of the House.
The conference report; upon the bill to
confirm the Choctaw and Chickasaw
agreement was adopted;' ¦.„•¦'«•¦
Bills. were passed to extend for one year
the time in which to make final proof on
desert land 1 entries . on the Yaqui Desert
Reservation, Wash. ; to authorize the Sec
retary of War to receive Arturo R. Calvo
of Costa- Rica as a'cadet at West Point;
to prevent any consular officer < of the
United States' from accepting an office of
trust from, a Jtoreign country without
executing, ample bond with the Secretary
of the Treasury, and for the relief of set
tlers on lands granted in aid of the con
struction of wagon roads. >
At 6:50 the House adjourned until 11
o'clock to-morrow (Sunday).
LOS ANGKLES. June 28.— Ruth Holmes, the
3-year-cld daughter of E. E. Holmes, an em
ploye in the PoetofSce in -this city, was fatally
turned to-day while ulaylne with matches.
Dispute on Appropria
tion Measures Near
End. '*:;i
Smith dwelt especially upon the long
«*elay that two Territories of New
Jifexico and Arizona had been subjected
tc in their efforts to secure statehood,
and he made a strong plea for favorable
ection during the next session of Con
grcss. . :
WASHINGTON. June 28.— At a meeting
of the Senate Committee on Territories
to-day the witnesses heard were Dele
gates Ro'dey of New Mexico and Smith
of Arizona and District Attorney Llew
ellyn of New Mexico, all of whom made
a strong plea'- tor statehood, giving many
facts in regard, to schools, population,
etc., and making comparisons with exist
ing States. 'Delegate Rodey gave as one
of the reasons why- New Mexico desired
admission to the Union the opinion that
euch admission would be of assistance in
financing corporate enterprises, lie men
tioned a railroad which wo\i!d be en
hanced in value if the Territory should
become a State. Such was also true of
certain lar.d inte'rests. He stated, in re
ply to questions put by Bev«ridgei that
interpreters were necessary in conducting
most of the public business, as a major
iry of the people were unable to speak
the English language. >
Statehood.
Mexico Hake a Strong Plea for
Bepresentatives of Arizona and Hew
CLAIMS OF TEHRITOEIES
ABE HEAED BY SENATORS
HOUSE RACES
THROUGH BILLS
PETALUMA, 'June 28.— Petaluma
will have the biggest celebration
in its history on the Fourth of
July. For weeks the celebration
committee has planned numerous
and varied attractions to fill in the time
from dawn until midnight. Thero will be
a parade of military and civic bodies, an
oration by ex-Congressman Thomas J.
Geary of Santa Rosa, horseraclng, ball
games morning and afternoon, a picnic
and daytime ball in the park, day fire
works and band concerts on tue main
streets and at night a minstrel perform
ance and two dances.
The leading feature of the parade will
be the floats of the Goddess of Liberty,
Columbia and California. Each will have
a special float drawn by four horses. Miss
Myrtle Healy, the Goddess of Liberty, is
a pronounced blonde from' Petaluma's
youngest set of favorites. Miss Hattie
Hopper, an attractive brunette, will per
sonate Columbia, and will be attended
by maidens representing the States and
Territories grouped on Columbia's float in
solid columns pf red, white and blue.
California will be represented by Miss
Martha Rose, a deml-blonde, whose beau
ty and stately carriage have attracted
wide attention. • .
Hawaii, the Philippines and the new re
public of Cuba are to be represented.
Miss Trixie Smith will be Cuba; the other
places remain to be filled.
Continued Prom Page Seventeen,
18
Scrofula
'. Few are entir^Jy free from It.
It may develop so slowly as to cause
HttJe if any disturbance during: the whole
period ¦ of childhood,
. It may then produce irregularity of the
stomach, and bowels, dyspepsia, • catarrh
, and marked tendency to . consumption be-
fore manifesting itself In m u ?h cutaneous'
eruption or. glandylar swelling./ "
It is^best to be sure that you are 5 quite
free from it, . and L for Its - complete eradj-'
cation you ' can rely on - ¦
Hood's Sarsaparilla
The.ibest of "all^medicihesfor all hunioraV
DB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
PUNiSHBWENT. „
. Social progress has done away with a
great many forms of punishment once
administered under the laws of enlight-
ened people. But nature never changes
or modifies her penalties. She still has
¦ . . the same. punish-
5. ment for the man
/TSsl v who neglects or
,,. ¦"y*\TB^'*w-jfV- abuses his stomach
Mf $C*Zr ilw as slie ha<^ * n *k e
Off Msar iff far off days "when
: - ¦•:¦ *S&rj ,'- . Adam delved and
.. ijlfflltflMBaj. EJve span." , •
The physical dis-
i yiV Ji nfl' comfort, dullness,
if k \i\l\ sluggishness, irri-
• s/jp: I / tabihty, nervous^
jtWh Lrf<l ness and sleepless-
mx< Wl ness which are
5 c|l\ fj^ / visited upon the
t?l\ W man who eats care-
fi^W" BBj v lessly or irregularly
' Hal 9 have been from the
mh Hf : beginning the evi-
; '-^iWt J § • dences ofdisease of
: '/, JsV Vi \'"\ the stomach and its
I LsSaP \ \ associated organs of
7 LJggp - I \ \ digestion and nu-
y^^gpy— — 1 r 1 ;tntJOD. ¦
VlTT 3 * Dr. Pierce's Gold-
en Medical Discovery cures the diseased
Stomach and enables the perfect digestion
and assimilation of • food, so that the
sluggishness, irritability, nervousness and
sleeplessness which result from: innutri-
tion are cured also,
"I wa» taken sick nine years ago with fever.?
writes Mr. M. M.Wardwell. of Lin wood, Leaven-
worth Co., Kansas. "Had the doctor and he
-broke up the fever "all right, but X took diajv
rhcRa right away ; he couldn't cure it and it
became chronic, and then he gave up the case.
I got so weak with it and had piles so badly I
couldn't: 1 He. down, nor. hardly sit up., was
• that way two or three months ; thought I would
'never.be well again,*, but picked up one of Dr.
•Pierce's Memorandum Books one day and saw
your description of catarrh of- the stomach. I
thought it hit my case. We had a bottle of Dr.
! Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery in the house
¦ that wssjrot for mother. ; You recommend it for
-' catarrlijK the stomach, so I went to taking it.
.The one bottle nearly cured me. I gqt two bot 1
.' ties next time and took one and one-half an*
was well.'.;! haven't been bothered with dia^
rheca since." " -.., -- ' '
' Dr. Pierce's Pellets cure biliousness.
ADVEBTOSMENTS. _, "_ '__¦ ___ j _ n _ n \__';___ j
San Francisco, Sunday. 29 June, 1002.
A pretty pattern, $15.00 |
The makers of this bed have turned out quite a
number of new patterns in moderate priced beds this
season, but the one pictured above out-shines them all.
Enameled iron except the centers of head and foot
pieces, which are polished br^ass, as indicated in picture
by solid black. There are three combinations to choose
from — white and brass, cardinal red and brass, pea
green and brass. Regular double-width and measuring
62 inches high at head and 49 inches at foot. Price pf
any finish, $15.00. Fifth floor.
v Floor terry— a material used for filling. around the
outside of rugs in rooms where the floor is not hardwood.
Woven the same as an extra super, all-wool ingrain
carpet, in solid colors. Red, olive, dark green and old
gold, 36 inches wide and 85 cents the yard. Second floor.
A good piano stool for $1.50. Imitation mahogany
finish to match the piano and with revolving seat which
can be adjusted to any height from 18 to 25 inches.
. Other styles ranging in price up to $15.00. Fourth floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVgB.TISEM^SrTS. '
EX-LIEDTENANT WIOR OF 01
¦ . ' - : — - - ¦ - : ¦ \
Recommends One of Ohio's Well-
Known Products, Pe=ru«na.
ffON^AZ'PHOJVXO If AST
Hon. Alphonzo Hart, ex-Lieutenant Governor of Ohio, In & recent letter from
"Washington, D. C, says: \ - >¦ f
The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio:
Gentlemen:—"/ have been using Peruna for catarrh, and can
cheerfully recommend it to all as a cure for same, and it is also a
good ionic" gg £%| A. HART.
¦ Mr. Elmer M. Barnes, 611 State street, Mr. Orlando 35. Service, officer of St,
St. Joseph, Mich., manager for the League Joseph Police £>epartment, St. Joseph,
of Educators of Michigan, writes aa fol- Mich., writes:
lows: ,,- • ' "I have good reason to be gratefnl for
M It Is with pleasure that I give Peruna the relief I have repeatedly found when
my hearty indorsement I have found using Peruna. TT£hen I havo been under
that it contains valuable properties as a continual heavy strain, physically or
a tonic. Close study and steady con- mentally, I have found that a few doses
finement lntfuces a wear and tear on the restores my health and strength quicker
nervous system, and at Buch times I have than anything else I have ever used. Pe-
f ound that a bottle or two of Peruna runa is a general restorer, inducing a flna
would restore the system to its normal appetite and good, healthful sleep, and a
vigor very speedily and permanently." few doses will throw oft all unpleasant
ELMER M. BARNES. feelings after being exposed to the wet.
Nervous Debility. cold weather."
Every one who is in the least, degree - ORLANDO E. SERVICE.
subject to 'nervousness, sleeplessness, A book en the catarrhal diseases ot
prostration, mental fatigue or nervous do- summer will be mailed to any address,
billty in any form finds the hot weather upon request, by The Peruna Medicine
of June, July and August very hard to Co" Columbus, Ohio,
bear, if hot dangerous. * If you do not derive prompt and satls-
The only safe eourse to take is to keep factory results from the use of Peruna.
the blood pure, digestion good and sleep write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving &
regular. No remedy equals, in all re- full statement of your case, and he will
spects, Peruna for these purposes. If the be pleased to give you hia valuable ad-
system is run down x and weakened by vice gratis.
catarrh Peruna renovates and rejuvenates Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tno
the nerves and brain. I Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, O. '
The above testimonials are only specimens of
50,000 letters received touching the merits of Peruna
as a catarrhal tonic. No more useful remedy to tone
up the system has ever been devised^ by the medical
profession. .
ffff , u\. V si c sl X i o n. t \^s
jfi- You'll certainly need a few outing supplies better get $\k
Iff l^ Cm k CrC k e *° rc you go — save you lots of money enough %
!ji to enable you to stay a few days longer. We ship free all $5.00 %
M orders to railroad points within 100 miles. Telephone South 356 |rt
I Court Plaster 5c. package Whiskey, a|l kfridY All prices s\
/ ! Japanese Cleaning , Tooth Paste 1 v> \
J £ pU u h ,. C ""£ e , 25c - Hair Brushes 25c.' up 1
3 <r£ rb0llcS , al Y e -.¦ . 25c, Tooth Brushes • . 10c. up I
s 1 nompspn s Headache Vaseline 5c ud »
|i> o . , ' .... Powders 20c, Ammonia, for insect bite3 I
r£j '° oth Ache Dr °PS c 15c. Tincture Arnica, for sprains, etc." ffl, •
\ \ C Jt*i ?S 25c> up Alc °hpl, medicinal and burning W
\ Hand Mirrors 25c. up Witch Hazel 25c. pint it
I rh ¦Smi^S *,? raa 5 e * 5c " up Soaps, for toilet and bath, 5c up M
u\ Churchill s Moth and Sponres - *> nrll
%• F^r-. P««^., FrCCkle Lot^, n . F 5 ?' " Bath Stra P s » Brushes 50c.-J?*.50 P It
\lSdoSS ' : Allk^ ds - BathCaps All prices ' M
M 011 B^ er V Ba£m for 25 °' ////
Drexlsr's Best Are the World's Best.
EVERT PIECE OF DENTAL WORK
GUARANTEED.
?4 comfortable nttin* pUtea.
22-karat gold crowns'... S3
Pure gold fillings fl
AU work painlessly done by experienced
graduate expert . dentlst3T ¦
Open evenings till 9; Sundays till *.
Drexler Painless Dental Go. of New York
S. , F. -Parlora. 1104 Market st., cor. Turk.TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
I
Nevadan New Tork June 29.
Despatch I San Pedro June 2!)
Chas. Nelson . Seattle & Tacoma . . . . . June 29
Del Norte San Pedro :..... Juns 2".t
Curacao Mexican Ports . . ; June 2:)
Argo Eel River Ports ..June 29
Rainier Whatcom ...June 2.)
Columbia.... Portland &- Astoria ...-. June 29
Pomona Humboldt June 2>)
G. Dollar. ... Grays Harbor June 30
Pentaur Seattle June 30
Brooklyn San Pedro Juno 30
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 30
Edith Seattle June 3U
San Jose New York via Panama. June 30
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast. June 30
San Pedro... Grays Harbor ....'. July 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford July 1
Eureka....... Humboldt : July 1
Umatilla Puget Sc-snd Ports ....July 1
Corona Newport & Way Ports.. July 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports July 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena July 3
Chehalis. Grays Harbor '. ... July | 3
Arab Nanaimo July ¦ 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... July 4
Coronado San Pedro July 5
Doric China & Japan *..*..... July 5
Coos Bay San Pedro "& Way Ports July 6
Newburg.... San Pedro July 6
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports July 6
Australia.... Tahiti July 7
Mandalay Coqullle River July 7
North Fork.. Humboldt ....July 7
Zealandla. . . . Honolulu July 8
Newport New York via Panama. July 8
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 28, 10 p m — Weather
May 30, lat 10 S, Ion 34 W. Fr ship Leon
Blum, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
June 6, lat 5 N. Ion 30 W. Br ship Balmoral,
bence March 1, for Antwerp.
Per schr W H Marston — June 26,' lat 36 15
N, Ion 12S W, ship Kennebec, from Port
Blakeley. for Boston.
Per nilot boat Grade S — June 27, 4 pm, off
Bollnas, bktn Willie R Hume, hence June 24.
for Fort Bragr. . ' I
SPOKEN.
Saturday, June 28.
Schr Conflanza, Skipper, Monterey.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, Redondo.
Strnr Eureka, Jeesen, Eureka.
. Stmr. Signal.. Astrup, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr G C Lindauer. Allen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Panama.
Stnir Scotia, Erlckson, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Greenwood, Fasrerlund, Greenwood.
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs, Redondo.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, .
Stmr Westport, Smith, Bear Harbor.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, Nanaimo.
Jap stmr Hongkong "Maru, Filmer, Hong
kong, etc, via Honolulu.
Bark Kaiulani, Griffiths. Honolulu.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl^ Columbia River.
SAILED.
Saturday, June 28.
Stmr San- Juan, Urry, Panama; P M SS Co.
Nor stmr Tltanla, Esrenes, Nanalmo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru. Filmer, Hong
kong, etc; \V H Avery. . .
Frbark St Anne, Rollier, Queenstown; Gir
vin & Eyre.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J PInet
& Co.
Bktn • "Coronado, • Potter, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr K C Wright, Nielsen, Mahukona; Chas
Nelson Co.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 28.
Stmr* Rival. Olsen, 67 hours from South
Bend.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, 50 hours frcra
San Pedro.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, C6 hours from Astoria.
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs, 12 hours from
Albion.
Stmr Santa, .Monica, Olsen, 58 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 47 1 / £ hours from
Portland, '.via Astoria 40 hours.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 46 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 13 hours from
Fort Brasg.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. 4Y 3 days from
Portland, /fete, via Eureka 22 hours.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 3 days 8 hours
from* Ladysmith.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schage, 79 hours from
Seattle.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, 8% days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Chas E Falk, Anderson, 3 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr John A Campbell, Smith, 10 days from
Tacoica. -
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, 11 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, 7 days from Port
land. '
Schr W H Maiston. Curtis, 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Coqullle, Andersen, 3 days from* Co
qullle River.
Schr Marion, Topfer, 11 days from Tacoma.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Movements of Steamers.
Tropic Bird Clears.
The barkentine Tropic' Bird cleared yesterday
for Tahiti. She will probably go to sea this
morning.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Cu
racao I* due to-day from Guaymas. She ar
rived on Friday at Ensenada, two days be
hind her schedule time.
Curacao Due To-Day.
According- to the new schedule issued by the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company, the ser
vice between here and Valparaiso hereafter
will be handled exclusively by that corpora
tion. In the new schedule which provides for
a. bi-monthly service the steamships of the
Compania Sud Americana de Vapores have no
place. The Arequipa, which arrived on Fri
day, leaves on Tuesday for Valparaiso. .
K"o More Chilean Steamships.
The flve-masted schooner W. H. Marston,
Captain Curtis, arrived late Friday night,
seventeen days from Honolulu. She sailed In
through the heads, but when inside the wind
dropped and Captain Curtis was compelled to
anchor. This he did about a quarter of a mile
from Bakers Beach, where he remained until
yesterday morning, when the tug Sea Queen
took hold of the schooner and towed her to
the relinery- Sh2 . brought 30,205 bags of
tujiar.
Makes Sheltered Anchorage.
The Pacific Mall steamshiD San Juan sailed
yesterday for Panama and way ports. Among
her passengers were fourteen Chinese who ar
rived here on the Hongkong Maru and are
bound for various South American ports. The
San Juan was loaded down to her full capacity,
end in addition to a hold full pt New York
frelRht," carried quite an extensive deckload of
lumber.
San Juan Sails.
A Cargo for Tahiti.
The barkentlne Tropic Bird was cleared yes
terday for Tahiti: with a general merchandise
cargo valued at $13,585, and Included the fol
lowing:
700 bbls flour, 12 ctls wheat, 1075 lbs beans,
2339 lbs bran, 1975 lbs beans, 000 lbs sugar,
113 lbs butter, 40 bales hay, 4S0O lbs rice, 350
lba soda, 1200 lbs lard, 6300 lbs salt, 21,240 lbs
bread, 09 cs canned goods, 24 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 054 gals wine, 4 bales bags,
35 pkKS dry goods,. 182,409 feet • lumber, 20
pkgs millivork, 100 bdls shingles, ¦ 2 bales
twine, 40 coils rope, 7 pkgs bicycles and parts,
70 pes pipe, 17 pkgs paints and oils.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The barkentlne Coronado was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with a general cargo valued
at $24,117. The cargo Included the following:
50 bbls flour, 40 ctls barley, 20,110 Ib3 mid
dlings, 107,240 lbs fertilizer, 4105 lbs bran.
2019 lbs corn, 374S lbs bread, 20 pkgs paste,
15 bbls «oda, 2150 gals wine, 1166 gals and 10
cs vinegar, 100 cs soap, 2500 lbs sugar, 501,267
lbs nitrate of soda, 20 cs canned goods, 30 sks
shrimp shells, 10 pkgs paints and oils, 12 rollt.
duck, 57 pkga building material, 36 pkgs mill
work, 45 bdls shooks, 40 cs crude oil, 2142
pes and 60 ' pkgs railroad material.
The bark Kaiulanl sailed for Honolulu yes
terday with a cargo valued at $48,3*30. The
following were the principal shipments: 2087
bbls flour, 3827 gals and 50 cs wine, 3433 ctls
barley, 557 ctls wheat, 3700 sks bran, 520 sks
middlings, 247 pkgs bread, 215 lbs salt. 50 ca
whisky. 459 ctls corn, 14,627. lbs lard, 182 ctls
oats, 125 bxs paste, 430 bales hay, 125 bbls
and 25 cs beer. 1600 sks land plaster, 16,514
lbs beans, 100 cs candles, 55 M bricks, 5 drums
gasoline, 113 pkgs paints, 83 cs and 20 bbls
oils, 25 bbls and 10 hf-bbls vinegar, 2430 lbs
tobacco, 20 bbls and 5 hf-bbls beef, & hf-bbls
pork, 50 bbls lime,. 200 bdls metal lathing. 290
cs canned goods, 300 lbs hops, 000 pes sewer
pipe. r - , ¦
The schooner H. C. Wright cleared yesterday
for Mahukona with an assorted cargo valued
at $11,J29, including the following shipments:
500 bbls flour, 1G8 ctls wheat, 613 ctls bar
ley, 16.C45 lbs rolled barley. 143.169 lbs bran,
10.471 lbs middllnes, 4517 lbs beans, 1850 lbs
sugar, 380 lbs meal, 11S0 lbs codfish, 702 lbs
ham and bacon, 7201 lbs bread. 490 lbs cheese,
4050 lbs lard. 5200 lbs salt, 373 lbs butter, 34
pkgs groceries and provisions, 40 ca whisky,
In addition to the cargo previously reported,
the schooner North Bend that cleared on Fri
day for Apia, via Pago Pago, carried 9746 pkes
building material for Apia, valued at $11,510.
Additional ' Cargo.
The French bark Salnte Anne was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with 48,
921 ctls wheat, valued at $56,200, and 20,000
feet lumber as' dunnage, valued at $300.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly .at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
j: t. McMillan,
, . Nautical Expert, in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, fan Francisco, Cal.,
June 28, 1902.
Time Ball.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
617 gals wine, 15 cs and 42 bbls salmon, 93 cs
canned goods. 30 pkgs paste, 45 crts potatoes.
12,320 feet lumber. 50,000 shingles, 5 pkgs
mlllwork, 50 cs oil, 30 bxs soap, 250 cs coal
oil, 50 kegs nails and spikes.
thirty cabin' passengers, j. L-.
Beveridge, ex-Governor of Illinois, was
among the ' passengers. Accompanied by
his wife, son, daughter-in-law and two
grandchildren, he is bound for Hongkong,
and will make a tour of the Orient be
fore returning to America,
Lieutenant H. G. Gates, U. S. N.', was
also a passenger. He is on his way to re
port for duty with the Asiatic squadron.
Leigh D. Bruckart, another passenger,
goes to Hongkong and Manila as the rep
resentative of the new O'NelU-Frawley
combination, which expects to send out a
dramatic company in the near future.
The Hongkong Maru took out a ship
ment of silver bullion valued at $400,000,
which is exceptionally large for this sea
son of the year.
Since her arrival here the Hongkong
has been improved by the construction of
a handsome stairway leading from the
main deck to the saloon and by the* addi
tion of a library and writing-room for the
use of lady passengers. ¦. . .
The Hongkong's passengers were:
For Yokohama — Miss A. C' F. Barkworth,
G. C.<Brackett, J. H. Block, Lieutenant H. G.
Gates, U. S. N.; Dr. J. E. Jones, Mrs. J. E.
•Jones, Charles E. Miller, M. Nagahama, Miss
Helen N. Prattent, A. Sato, Mrs. A. Sato,
daughter and maid; Dr. Y. Takakl, General
William Sooy Smith, Mrs. William Sooy Smith
and son. Colonel Robert B. Woodward.
For Shanghai— G. A. Derby, H. C. Melone,
T. S. Yen.
For Hongkong — J. L. Beveridge, Mrs. J. L.
Beveridee, P. J. Beveridge, Mrs. P. J. Bever
idge and two children, Lei<th D. Bruckart, W.
W. McGreKory, Mrs. W. W. McGresory, Mrs.
A. Ruoff.
From Honolulu— Miss Isabel Vernon, Miss F.
t. Vernon.
THE Toyo . Kisen Kaisha's steam
ship Hongkong Maru sailed yes
terday for the Orient with a large
and valuable cargo and more -than
SHIPMENT OF SILVER WORTH MORE THAN $400,000
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
~~ . Jnne 29.
S Barbara. Astoria & Portland. 4 pm Pier 2
Santa Kosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 30.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 10
Despatch... Seattle-Fairhaven .. 1 pm Pier 16
Arctic. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Erooklyn. . . Point Arena : 2 pm Pier 2
Lakme Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports".... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
July 1.
Pomona Humbo'.dt 1 :30 p Pier 9
C. Nelson. . Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier 2
Albion Riv. pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay.. & an p e dro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Arequipa... Valparaiso & War.. 12 m Pier 10
July 2.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
July 3. -
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 8
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way.... 10 am Pier 7
Pentaur.... Hamburg & Way.. 2 pm Pier 27
July 5.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 19
July G. I
Phoenix. . . . Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
_ '•;•, July 7.
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
China China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 12 m PMSS
Curacao Mexican . Ports 10 am Pier 11
¦ July 1O.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 19
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 pm|Pler 34
Mandalay.. Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 2
To New York— 26.819 gals wine. 2S gals
brandy, 58.S50 lbs dry hides, 129,346 lbs wool
30 fcbls shells. 115 bales Junk. 33 cs canned
fruit. In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 21 cs canned fruit en route to the Bar
badoes, valued at $63; 15 cs for Hamburg
valued at $45. and one cs canned vegetables
for Vienna, valued at $3.
0 , Pana , ma — !0C<> bbls flour. COOO gals wine,
4048 feet lumber, 28 cs canned goods 1 Dkir
dry goods. " "
To Mexico — 20 cs arms and ammunition, 4
pkgs ammonia, 4 a canned goods, 11 pkes
dry goods, 2 bbls flour. Ill pkgs groceries and
provisions, 472 lbs ham and bacon, 220 lbs
lard. 231 pes Iron, 1000 lbs lead, 10,000 feet
lumber. 430 pkgs machinery. 25 kegs nails 10
pkgs paints and oils, 13 bdls pipe. 7 crts pota
toes. 6 cs rubber (roods. C85 bdls shooks, 2000
lbs shot, 25 pkgs ship chandlery. 6000 lbs soda
ii -sheets steel. 12 pkgs windmill
Ti* Cen t ral America— 30S7 bbls flour. 15 pkgs
acid, 9 pksrs axle grease. 57 pkgs beer, 19 cs
canned (rood*. 23 sks coal, 6351 lbs corn 59
bbla cement. 8S ctls barley, 1448 cs coal oil
•i-> Pkgs dry goods. 13 pkgs electrical supplies'
159 pkgs groceries and provisions, 716 lbs
£ aKl ££, d J?, COn ' i c f u< l uor8 . 15,730 feet lum
ber, *-'O2 bdls and 25 bars Iron, 12 pigs lead
5354 lbs lard, 190 pkga machinery/ 30 pkgi
calls and spikes. 10 crts onions, 11 crts pota
toes, S3 pkgs paints and oils, 208 bdls and 47
pes pipe. 23.793 lbs raisins, 15 coils rope 9510
lbs rosin. 5000 -railroad ties, 112 pes railroad
material, 1212 lbs salt, 1124 lbs spices. 5999
lbs sulcbate of copper, 38,963 lbs tallow, 610
lbs lard. 20S1 gals and 16 cs wine, 7447 lbs
zinc.
The steamer. San Juan that sailed yesterday
for Panama and way ports carried merchandise
for Mexico, valued at $11,537; Central America,
$37,309; Panama, $5707; New York, $20,821.'
Among the principal shipments were the fol
lowing:
The San Juan's Cargo.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
The Japanese steamer Hongkon-j Maru sailed
yesterday for Hongkong, via Honolulu and
Tokohaina, with a general cargo valued at
$192,M2. manifested and destined as follows:
For Japan. I70.S63; China, $105,130; Philippine
Islands, $15,029; East Indies. $1138; Korea,
(795; Siaxn, $57. The leading exports were as
follows:
To Jacan — SCS.913 lbs cotton, 26 pkes agri
cultural implements, 6000 lbs beans, 92 pkgs
bicycles and carte, 530 lbs butter, C03 lbs
bread, 10 cs canned goods, 784 lbs coffee, 2025
lbs dried fruit. 4 pkgs dry goods. 15 pkgs elec
trical supplies, 182 pkKS groceries and provis
ions, 231 lbs ham, SS rolls leather, S ca leather
findiegs. 1020 cals lubricating oil. 540 lbs
meal. 12 pkgs machinery, 28 bales rubber pack
ing, 12 cs rubber goods, 2500 lbs sugar, 35 cs
eoap, 24 pkgs sewing machines, 390 coils wire,
6-jl hC'.s wire shorts, 506 cals and 20 cs wine.
To Chlna^ — 7750 bbls flour, 7990 lbs abalone
ineat, 57 cs boot* and shoes. €5 csks bottled
beer, £30 ca canned goods, 5717 lbs cheese, 1130
lbs codfish, 40 cs candles. 2380 lbs dried fruit,
1528 bales domestics, 15 pkgs electrical sup
plies, 890 pkgs srocerles and provisions, 160
lb* bscon, 14 cs liquors, 14 pkgs leather, 175
lbs meal, 2 pkgs machinery, 9 cs nails, 2300
lbs pearl barley. 19 pkgs paint. 13 cs paper.
10 bales rubber hose, C bales rubber packing,
17 rolls roofing, 103 cs epices, 4201 lbs eugar,
1C.750 Ib« dried shrimps.
To tie Philippine Islands — 1753 cs canned
poods, 195 cska bottled beer. 2280 lbs bread.
505 gals wine, 432 gals and 50 cs whisky, 101
cals brandy, 29 pkgs groceries and provisions,
10 pkgB bicycles and sundries, 11 pkgs plumb
ing material. 20 cs boots and shoes, 25 pkgs
electrical supplies.
To the East Indies — 133 cs canned fruit. 19
cs canned eeparagus. 26 cs canned salmon. 52
pkgs irroceries and provisions, 4 bales rubber
packing.
To Korea — 75 pkgs groceries and provisions,
IS bbls flour. ¦- «
' ¦ FROM SEATTLE. !
' Steamer. For. Sails.
Senator Nome ..July 1
Oregon Nome & Teller July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 3
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 5
City Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports. July 5
Ohio Nome & St. Michael.... July 8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. July 8
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. [July 8
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Eay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent:
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort -Point*
the height of tido is the same at both places'
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
SUNDAY, JUNE 29.
f un rls e3 v.:.4:50
Sun sets 7 # 35
Moon rises "oVco'a. m.
O Time Time Time Time
5. Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
<»_ H_W L.W Hyr L, W
29 5:35 "3.6 11:15 2.2 6:00 52" ¦'
L. W • H.W V ¦ ¦ L W HW""'
SO 0:51 1.3 7:21 3.6 12:12 2.4 6:46 6 4
I 1:40 0.4 8:45 3.8 1:10 2.7 7 : 34 5 0
,2 2:42—0.2 0:47 4.0 2:06 2.S 8-83 58
3 3:33-0.7 10:43 4.3 3:02 2.8 9:'l5 60
4 I 4:22— 1.1 11:32 4.6 3:57 '2.8 10:08 6 0
5 1 5:10 -Iff 12:19 4.8 4:51 2.8 llioi , S.9
NOTE — In the abovo exposition • of the tides
the early morning tides are piven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of; the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth, time column gives the -last tide of tho
day. except when there are but three tides as
Sometimes .occurs. The heights given are in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
NEW YORK. June 28. — Frank Jones, cor
respondence clerk in the National Commerce
Bank here, was to-day held for the Grand
Jury, charged with th« misappropriation of
16500 of the bank's funds.
Sailed June 28 — Stmr Etrurla. for New York.
ANTWERP — Sailed June 28 — Stmr Fries
land, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed June 23— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June 28 — Stmf
Philadelphia, for New York.
BREMEN — Sailed June' 2S — Stmr Barbaros
sa, for New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 23— Stmr St
Lou's, from SotithamDton.
Sailed June 2S — Stmr Aller. from Genoa and
Naples: stmr Statendam, from Rotterdam;
stmr Umbria, from Liverpool; stmr Kroon
land, for Antwerp; stmr Columbia, for Glas
gow.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to June 28—
Stmr America Maru, from San Franci3co, via
Honolulu, for Nagasaki, Shanghai and Hong
kong.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 28— Stmr Cym
ric, from New York, for Liverpool.
hazy; wind NW, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQU A— Sailed June 25— Schr Louise.
June 27 — Schr Lucy, for San Pedro. ;
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 2S—
Stmr John S Klmball, from Nome.
Arrived June 28 — Schr Commerce, from Port
Blakeley. for Guayaquil.
• Spoken in straits June 28 — Schr Alice Mc-
Donald, hence June 17, for Everett.
Passed in June 28 — Danish' bark Clmbrla,
from Victoria: schr Alice McDonald, for Ev
erett.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 2S— Schr
Orient, hence June 7.
NEAH BAY— Passed In June 28— Stmr City
of Puebla. hence June 25, for Victoria anU
Puset Sound ports.
Passed out June 28 — Bark Haydn Brown,
from Tacoma. for San Pedro; bark Coloma,
from Everett, for San Pedro; bark James Ne-
Bmith. from Tacoma; schr Frank W Howe,
from Fairhaven, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 28— Br shin Speke,
for Cape Town; Anna Barron, for .
SAN DIEGO— Sailed June 2S— U S stmr
Alert, for cruise. . .
REDONDO— Arrived June 2S— Stmr W H
Kruger, hence June 20.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived June 28—
Stmr Gualala, hence June 20, to sail June 20
for San FrancJsco.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 28 — Stmr Bonlta.
with forefoot cone and leaking slightly; stmr
Valencia, from Nome.
Arrived June 28— Stmr City of Puebla. hence
June 25; stmr J S Klmball, from Cape Nome.
Sailed June 28 — Stmr Spokane, for Sitka;
Btmr Umatilla, for San Francisco: U S stmr
Dix. for Manila.
NOME — In Dort June ID — Stmr Dora, from
Seattle.
DUTCH HARBOR— Sailed June 22— Ship
Florence, for Tacoma.
PORT KEN YON — Arrived June 2C, 3 p m —
Stmr Arzo, henco June 24.
Sailed June 28, 4 p m — Stmr Argo, for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 28—
Stmr Alcazar, from Greenwood.
Sailed June 2S- 1 Stmr Whitesboro, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived June 2S — Schr Fortuna,
hence June 21.
Sailed June 28 — Stmr Aberdeen, for Huene
me; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco: schr
Bertha Dolbeer, for San Diego; schr Maggie
C Russ, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY — Arrived June 2S — Stmr Arcata.
hence June 25.
TACOMA— Arrived June 28 — Schr Ethel
Zane. hence June 17.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 2S — Stmr Vosburg,
for Tillamcok.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 2S— Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skasway; stmr Dolphin, for Skae
way.
Arrived June 28 — Stmr City of Fuebla. from
San Francisco: stmr John S Kimball. from
Nome end Dutch Harbor; stmr Cymbeline,
froni Tacoma. /
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU — Sailed June 20— Ship Servla.
for Port Townsend. >- '
FOREIGN PORtS.
FALMOUTII— Sailed June 24^-Br bark How
ard D Troop, for Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 27— Ger ship
Robert Rickmers, from Tacoma.
PRAWLE POINT — Passed June 26 — Br ship
Rajore. from Shields, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND — Sailed June 27 — Stmr Ventu
ra, for San Francisco.
BREMERHAVEN— Sailed June 25— Ger ship
Herzogin Cocilia, for Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 25— Ger ship Na
jade, for Tacoma.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 26— Ger stmr
Menes, for San Francisco, from Hamburg:.
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to June 28 — Br
stmr Glenogle, from Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
CHERBOURG — Sailed June 2S — Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton, for New York
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 2S— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY LIGHTS THE Will
The Establishment of the Electro-Chemic Institute in
San Francisco Means a New Era in Its Medical Life
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC X=RAY
Is Celebrated in Eastern Cities for Its Cure of Can-
cer and Consumption, as Well as in the Diagnosis
of Intricate Chronic Diseases — Is Here to .Stan
'T'HE OPENTXG TO-DAY OF THE ELECTRO CHEMIC INSTITUTE AT 118 GRANT
* avenue, corner of Post etreet. with a competent corps of specialists trained by years of
experience In their specialties will mean much to sufferers from Chronic Diseases In San
Franc'sco. There have been many schools of medicine and many fads and fancies in its
practice, but never lias there been attempted such a great undertaking in the practice of
medicine as the opening of this Institute means.
The success of the Electro Chemic Institutes In other cities Cleans that it will be cor-
dially received In San Francisco. The rapid drift of practitioners of all schools to the basic
principles of advertising led the founders of the Electro Chemic ideas to openly come before
the public In the public prints. Their Institutions are founded upon the highest plane of
professional honor and have been backed financially by ample capital. Each Institution is
lavishly equipped with all the latest appliances known in electricity and chemistry. Physi-
cians are selected for their experience In special lines of disease and are given long training
In Electro Chemic ideas. The Electro Chemic Specialists are presented to the people of San
Francisco upon their merits and will prove themselves more than worthy of public patronage. ¦
Electro Chemistry is a combination of all that is good in the Homeopathic, Allopathic
and Electro Therapeutic Schools of Medicine. Its founders were men grown old In the prac-
tice of these branches of medicine. The discovery of the Crookes tube and the bringing of
the X-Ray into the practice- of medicine because of its wonderful therapeutic value and Its
usefulness in the diagnosis of Intricate chronic diseases led to the combination now found
In the Electro Chemic X-Ray. The Electro Chemic X-Ray will not be found In use any-
where besides Its own institutions and is amply protected. The strongest proof of Its value
Is in Its proved cure of cancer and consumption, ample proof of which will be given at the -
Institute.
Handsome quarters have been provided at IIS Grant avenue, corner of Post street, for
the accommodation of the Institute. Spacious waiting-rooms, with . every comfort, have •
been arranged separately for the accommodation of ladies and gentlemen. Treatment rooms
are fitted in perfect taste and with every convenience, and the apparatus Is of the latest
design, giving its specialists every»facllity for the painless treatment and cure of chronic
diseases. There are never any operations at the Electro Chemic Institute. Electricity has
banished the knife forever in medical practice. Those who have not followed its develop-
ment in the practice of medicine are as far behind the times as those who do not know that
¦we have a telephone or a cable, or wireless telegraphy.
Electro Chemistry cures when operations fall. Electro Chemic methods cure when the
best physicians of other schools fall. If you are tired of drugging without relief, lf you
have asked advice from other physicians and have failed to receive relief or satisfaction as
to your disease, then the Electro Chemic Institute invites you to free consultation and
demonstration of the v.-orklngs of this wonderful factor^ — the Electro Chemic X-Ray. There
Is no hesitation here, there Is no doubt; the Electro Chemic X-Ray shining through and r
through clears all doubt away, as darkness gives way to the light of dawn.
The saving by giving office treatments and the hpuelng under one roof of a numbeV of
specialists, with lessened rents and special apparatus for treatment is given to the Insti-
tute's patrons. It will cost you less for treatment here than from any other specialist of
ability.
In order that all may Investigate and satisfy themselves as to the merits of the Electro
Chemic X-Ray, there will be given • 1
DAILY FREE ELECTRO-CHEMIC X-RAY DEMONSTRATIONS
In the Interest of science and the public generally. An hour has been set aside, from 12:30
p. m. to 1 :30 p. m., to allow of there being given a lecture as to its workings in the diag-
nosis of disease and therapeutic qualities in the cure of cancer, tumors and consumption.
These lectures are interesting to every one whether they may be sick or not, and the public
Is cordially invited to attend.
IF YOU HAVE A CANCER OR A TUMOR consider for a moment the fact that you need
Tou must investigate the Electro Chemic ft S^SSK'oft'viK
method and Its cures. The Electro Chemic X- and then you will come for this new and perfect
Ray cures permanently and without operations, treatment.
From the first treatment the drawing, numbing ,"»\FN OF RRAIX ANn RRAWN
pains of cancer cease. The cure is entirely mnn ur UKAlfX AND BKAWN.
painless. Tumors and growths readily yield to Men who are weak and sick and wrecks by dls-
Electro Chemistry. sipatlon and overwork, can be made well again
IF YOU HAVE CONSUMPTION and established in their strength by means of
#rv ™ 4 «. i -o-t, * * electricity and the treatment of the Electro
? Z?Z I i^ , an -K ZOn S * T: Chemlc epecta»st in these diseases quicker than
ment will bring you back to strength and health by any other known method< If h
again. The Electro Chemic X-Ray shining worn yourself out by overwork and worry and
through the Innermost recesses of the lungs, de- i la ,. o i^i* ,.„„- , lo .v, ?„ k_ _ o u-j „
Ftroysthe tuberculosis bacilli, and the oxygen J?« e 1 °^ t . > ° Ur rl f ht *" c . alled a m *n by
teals and soothes the broken tissues until they falling heir to varicocele, stricture, prostatic
are in health again. troubles and similar diseases you should place
..- »r^..» . nrr ~—.w~ yourself In the hands of the Electro Chemic
IF YOU ARE DEAF Specialist in these diseases. He has made a
The Electro Chemic treatments win appeal to SSl^t^ IS? SS
you from all common sense standpoints. Elec- make you a well man aga ' ini able to per form
tro Chemic currents pouring through the dead- the duties of your more robust brother. There
*ned channels of hearing- add life and energy is a body of men In middle life who have wast-
to them, forcing the resumption of their duties, ed the strength of their youth and are old be-
One month's treatment will show marked im- fore their time. Their family physician is not
provement in the worst case of deafness. Par- able 'to treat them intelligently, for he knows
tial deafness is promptly cured. nothing of such troubles. Perhaps you are al-
DO YOU LIKE RHEUMATISM? "A^Ste gSl2Et wan^sVou^o
If you do you are an exception. The Electxo ££ on. tjeatmjnt^er.. "^^"^
Chemic Rheumatism Specialist will relieve the If you are not EaUsne d it will cost you noth-
•worst rheumatic pain In one treatment. The ing, and as his word is sacred and inviolable,
combination of Electricity and Chemistry has no one will be the wiser that you have con-
mastered the old bugbear, rheumatism. If you suited him. Don't delay, for these are serious
•want proof call at the Institute. troubles when they are neglected.
CATARRH, ASTHMA AND BRONCHIAL HOME TREATMENT.
AFFECTIONS. __^__ --~v A very complete
A specially patented device applies the most /p^rpacTTiWfflliS'H electrical outfit, as
fcea'.ir.?. soothing medicines to the affected / fJSSiF'.LW*^^ shown, has been pat-
ir.rn:bra.r.es. One Electro Chemio treatment / gd_ ¦* ! p-i^2t*3Ai ented by the Electro
will etop the worst gasping and choking of / S^ TfiSllprtfr^^i Chemic staff for
asthma. Perrr.anent cures can be had by a /f|" k HiFi'f-s '¦ home treatments
course cf treatment. Stop taking patent medi- ISvi 79 H \ ; Ton ra-n mif Q a »'
clr.es. It is cheater to pay more and be cured /lllfi flif \ | „," r h^J^
In less time at tha Electro Chemic Institute. /IE! I jjHO % neuralgia, blood dls'
DISEASES OF WOMEN. IhrSsLJqw t JJ eases and diseases or
Electro Chemic methods are distinctly popu- < • ' homely CciPeful
lar with women. There are no operations; there use under lnstruc-
are no disgusting exhibitions. ; Treatment Is tion.
given In street costume. Electro Chemic cur- II , wI " be loaned to patients, as It Is too ex-
add strength to the distinctly feminine organs. Send for description and prices of treatment
Women, don't suffer longer with bearing- Address Department C.
down pains, misplacements and irregular pe- The offices of the Electro Chemic Institute In
rlods. There is one safe, easy, pleasant way to San Francisco are located at 118 Grant avenue
be cured. Don't submit to the many examin- corner Post street. The Los Angeles offices are
ations that you have to undergo. They are not located at 244% South Broadway. Office hours
only useless, but decidedly unpleasant to those — Daily, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. -
who are sensitive. The Electro Chemic Sundays, 10 a. m) to 1 p. m. Separate a'part-
»ethod« are radically different from what ments for the accommodation of ladles and
you have had to submit to in times past. Just gentlemen. ' »
The Favorite Champagne
"WH ITE SEAL"
DRY,0£UCAT£, 0EUC/OUS.
The gala in Importations of Moe't &, Chandon Champagne during 1901 Tras
•qttal to more than 100 per cent of the combined increase of all other Champagn*
Bowses.— "Zonfcrri'i Wine & Spirit dradax."
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Thousands Hare Kidney Trouble
and Don't Enow it.
How To Find Oat.
Fill a bottle or common glass with your
water and let It stand twenty-four hours; a
_r™ .. sediment or set-
JgFjGj J~T*- r^ . tling indicates an
r^ffcJb"73> unhealthy ' condi-
nrn' \%a^fs^wviir tion of th « kul -
WA kOB/ 1 i / neys: lf tt stains
Jp3w \ I / in XiLL*T^ ne y tr ° u^-* e: to °
• *f\}^^J /*Y^t> fr e< ? uent desire to
" • pass It or pain in
•— s ~"~**"'™ — ¦*" the back is also
convincing proof that the kidneys and blad-
der are out of order.
What to Co.
There is comfort in the knowledge so
often expressed, that Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, the great kidney remedy fulfills every
wish in curing rheumatism, pain in the
back, kidneys, liver, bladder and every part
of the urinary passage. It corrects inability .
to hold water and scalding pain in passing
it, or bad effects following use of liquor,
wine or beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day, and to get-up many times
during the night. The mild and the extra-
ordinary effect of Swamp-Root is scon
realized. It stands the highest for its won-
derful cures of the most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should have the
best. Sold by druggists in 50c. and$l. sizes.
You may have a sample bottle of this
wonderful discovery ftrffi*!
and a book that tells tf^^feS^—iSfei
more about it. both sentllSpHi i{Hfj£jg3a
absolutely free by mail. sS S^g|^^g^g
Address Dr. Kilmer & Hom« of Swamp-Root
Co., Binghamton. N. Y. When writing me>'
tion reading this gensrous offer in this paper.
Don't make any mistake, but remem-
ber the name, Swamp-Root. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Binghamton, N. Y.. on every bottle.
¦^—^^^*^ wl "—^^^»^—^^^^M«—ii^^^™ >^^—^^ M^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^*^**—^^—^— ¦^^^i^—^— i^i^W^^B^i^^—^^— l^ MW l^^^ w^^ i , 1^^^^^ M _
j}«M.-"...r. IM T 1 - ¦«— —
. . .. ... . . ' ¦¦" ~ _ mi
Whether you call upon us with a preconceived idea as f/flfmlm jwBaSra^BBHMHWbL \\\-^/?S|^S^^^^1!^vy^^^\
free, you are practically certain of finding here exactly the f |/f% || flfra^^^pffP^^S^^^^/
stock many retail stores. We study our customers' desires, 1|3?1I 111! MM l^^^^'^Si II IHlJ Ili HJSli
and as we manufacture the clothes ourselves we keep the .M f PB^
store well stocked with what is most wanted by the San N | 1 1 |IH
Besides the vast assortment there is the maker-to- ll^lnSwnlffli fl^*V niinHBBll^
wearer price which means such a saving to you — a saving ImJIm! <^ \|*l!l!^^^lll^™
any man appreciates who likes to make his dollars count. . ;\a" Ml wMj W$Sns^ £ /"^ Wll^lWi^^/ "f/l
We sell all-wool, union-made, guaranteed, money-back \>r§^^ r \vlv^ra|'T?'^ '/I uiilm 'JllraHl III
They come in fast blue serges and mixed tweeds and Iffll » '§'«H 'ilf//^^^ Sllllllf \''\ l
Men's striped worsted trousers, worth every cent of M^
u*(frffi&/& I Si^m ¦¦ 7 m n D £3k 4r*«h K ,J •* f^ y^ 5 -d
Ml^M' rj-dff / )<fc^ * j 4^r ML M. JL M> \k0 ~~ ' Si M, \taf U. M ¦ 3_ I
three "P iece suits for boys from 9 to 15 years of age; theVaV I
r«llwilm ' WS«ifik temS arC StripeS) ° hecks and mixtures ; the style of the gar- I
liiW ' J ilwiillm- rT nt 1S f latest - sin S le " bre^ted vests and military cut coats;
ill IIll II //illHIIi 1 lail e goods are our own make and bear the imion labei > whi <* is
I'll iJliiWIv y^'lllMlli 1^^^ m2rS n co!!^ But what interests you '
! 7 it meals g °° ClS ** Pn * CC tO show y ° U what
— N&&31 w?^ ijtorc ClOSvS n*IQ3V. Jl/lV 4tn— — fi!*i»n 'i'hiiT»cri5»ir iint:* n _ __ I I;
¦- ¦ - . ' ' ~ 1 ¦' t ** wjjwii 1 uui ousy iu] ui xx p. IU,
; If out of town write for _ ili ls\r\r% V 8-S8 °<-t-of-town orders filled
our IatesMllustrated cata- ks&.M. 1/|/| if §1 1 «? §£\ for men's or boys' cloth-
logue i "Attire for man and V/,T >-lk"" a^ ino-. hats nr furnish- ' ]WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Senate Com
mittee on Territories met to-day to hear the
delegates from the Territories named In the
omnibus statehood bill present arguments on
the subject of admission. .
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. :¦:.: . •-• •
. The quickest and most convenient way In
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at i) a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
NEW YORK, June -2S.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: San Francisco
— S. S. Curtiss, I at the St. J Denis; F. R. 1
French, at the Continental; S.C. Irving,
at the Astor; W. Kirkpatrick, at the Im
perial.
Los Angeles— O. O. Edwards, at the
Imperial. ?
CALIFORNIAiNS IN NEW/ YORKL
; Tha case . of . J. B. Black, with many
aliases, . charged with passing a fictitious
check for^29 on Colonel A. Andrews of
the. Diamond Palace, was called in Judge
Conlan's court ¦ yesterday. After ihe evi
dence of Colonel Andrews had been heard
the case was continued, till to-morrow.
The other case against Black/ of passing
a fictitious check for $S00 on the Western
National Bank, was called and continued
till to-morrow. The officer from Spring
field, Mass., with the. papers for Black's
extradition to that city, is expected here
to-morrow or Tuesday." Chief Wittman
received a dispatch from the president of
the National Hotel-keepers' Association
New York, yesterday that Black is want
ed for swindling thirty-eight hotel men in
the East. -
J": B. Black, the Alleged Swindler, Is
Still Held Behind the
'¦; ' ' ; Bars."" "-V-
OFFICER COMING FROM v
EAST WITH' A WARRANT
UKIAH, June 28.— The Fifth Regiment.
National Guard of California, participated
in an interesting flag-raising ceremony at
the Ukiah high school grounds this after
noon. The regiment marched out as if
for parade and formed a square at the
schoolhouse. Major . Juilliard of Santa
Rosa made a short address, which was
responded to by Principal L. W. Babcock:
A detail of soldiers then hoisted the flag,
the regimental band played patriotic airs
and everybody cheered. ¦
The officers' ball, tendered by the citi
zens last night, was a pleasing event.
Two hundred floor programmes were
given out. Major General John H. Dick
inson led the grand march. There was
another dance in Smith's Opera-house for
non-commisslcned officers and privates.
.The sham battle this afternoon on tha
Pleasing Ceremony at
Ukiah.
Fifth Regiment Participates in a
GUARDS HOIST FLAG
OVER HIGH SCHOOL
The tennis experts took advantage of
the perfect weather yesterday, and dur
ing the afternoon ¦ many «ood matches
were played. On the California Club
courts the following matches were
piayefi: George Whitney^ beat Sherwood
Adams. 6—2, 6—2, 6—3; W. A. Worthington
beat W. F. Bull, 6—4, 6-2, 9-7. 6-1;
George- Whipple beat Percy Williams,
t— 6, 6—2; R. N. Whitney beat Drummond
tlacGavin, 6—8, 6— 1, 6—0, and Adams, 7—5,
t-4; Harry Rolfe beat Leonard Wood,
Heals C. Wright, the crack Eastern ten
r.Is player, will not take part In the
championship tournament next week at
Can Rafael. It was thought he was en
route here, but word was received in this
v'ty yesterday to the effect that he was
rtiil at'his home iu Boston. He will come
Vvest some time during July.
pionship Tournament to Be Played
Next Week at San' Rafael.
Was Expected to Take Part in Cham-
TENNIS CHAMPION WEIGHT
WILL NOT PLAY HEBE
hills back of Camp Foster provided many
exciting features for. the hundreds of:cit
izens who witnessed ,it. .The men acquit
ted themselves 'splendidly. ! • . -;•
- The camp will break up to-morfdw and
the companies, go home well pleased with
their outing. ¦' . /;;¦'¦•. - -. . -:
. Play in the second class of the tourna
ment commenced on the park courts -la— t
Sunday will ' be completed to-day; when
the semi-finals and finals will be played.
€—3; Grant Smith beat Alec Beyfuss, 6—1,
&— 7, G— 1; Beyfuss beat Rolfe, 6—4, 6—1;
Whipple beat Denis Searles, 6—4, 7—3;
Rolfe and R. S. Stubbs beat E. R. Arms
by and L. E. Wood, 6—1, fr-2, 6—4; Worth
ington and Bull beafe. Joe Daily and Dr.
Noble. 6—3, 6—4.
The park courts were crowded all day
yesterday. Some of the matches result
ed as follows:' Roy Page beat Gray, 6—2;
Eisner beat George Greenough, 6 — i; Page
beat Converse, 6—2; L. C. Bozart beat
Baker, 6—4, 6—2; Page and Miss A. Bey
fuss beat Gutz and Converse^ 6—3, 1—6,
6—2; Gray and Miss A. Beyfuss tied Page
and Ryan, 6—1, 4—6; Miss V. Eeyfuss and
Miss Comerford beat the Misses Gam«,
6—0; Miss Conerf and Mis3 Game beat
Miss V. Beyfuss, and Miss H. Game, 6—0.
STOCKTON, June 2,.— A. Newton, an
old resident of Stockton, was found dead
in his cellar this morning. He had been
ln San Francisco for two weeks. return-
Ing home on the late train last night. It
ls supposed that he went to sleep ln the
cellar so as not to disturb the household,
expiring of heart disease while he slept.
He -was to years of age and left a wife and
son.
Found Dead in His Cellar.
BEAUMONT, Tex., June 2S.— In the
United States Circuit' Court here the at
torneys for Mrs. Annie E. Snow of Cali
fornia filed a counterpart of the sensa
tional receivership petition filed in the
State Court of Appeals at Sherman. The
petition asks for an enlargement of the
powers of the receiver of the vast prop
erties involved ln her suits- for a thirty
fourth life interest in a large part of the
¦oil field property, alleging as a cause that
many of the companies are ¦ rendering
false reports and through expense charges
are attempting to defeat the purposes of
the receivership.
Accuses Firm of Falsehood.
PHILADELPHIA, June 28. — The home team
won from New York to-day In a twelve-Inning
game, which was notable principally for the
poor fielding of both teams. Matthewson made
his debut as a first base man and played a
good game. Attendance, 3521. Score :
R- H- E.
New York 8 II 8
Philadelphia 0 14 6
Batteries — Dunn, BlewUt and BowermAn;
Felix, Duggleby and Jacklitscb. Umpire
Emslie.
CINCINNATI, Jane 28.—Cindnnatl-PItta
burg game postponed — rain. ;
BOSTON. June 28. — Honors were even in the
two games between Boston and Brooklyn to
day. Both games were notable for fast field
ing and clean hitting, but errors determined
both results. Attendance, 6400. . Scores:
First game — R. H. B.
Boston 4 T 1
Brooklyn 5 10 3
. Batteries — \VllIis and Klttredge; Hughes and
Ahearn. Umpire — Cantillon.
Second game^ — R. H. B.
Boston 6 8 4
Brooklyn 4 6 2
Batteries — Plttlnger and Moran; Donovan
and Ahearn. Umpire — Cantillon,
Pugnacious Manager Disputes a De
cision of Umpire Connolly — Game
Awarded to Opposing Team.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. »
BALTIMORE. Juna 28.— The Baltimore-
Boston game to-day was forfeited to Boston.
McGraw disputed a decision of Umpire Con
nolly and was ordered to leave the grounds.
Upon hia refusal to so, Connelly awarded tha
game to Boston, nine to nothing. Attendance
3336. Score:
. . r. h.. •'.¦:¦¦¦¦&.
Baltimore 4 9 ' ¦,' 2
Boston 0 14 .3
Batteries — McGinnlty, Crbnln, Shields and
Bresnahan; Young and Criger.
CHICAGO. June 28.— Chicago-Detroit game
postponed — rain.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Washington won
the second game of the series front Philadel
phia by hitting- the ball, wltb men on. bases.
Attendance, 3000. ' Score :
r. h. a
Washington 4 lft 3
Philadelphia 3 8 2
Batteries — Orth and Drill; Plank and
Schreck.
ST. LOUIS, June 2S. — The games scheduled
for to-day between the St. Louis teams of the
American League and the St. Louis and Chi
cago teams of the National League were post
poned 00 account of rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
McGRAW IS OBDERED
OFF BAI/TIMOBE GROXHSTDS
Soon after the legal separation of Pro
fessor and Mrs. Driver the former mar
ried a Palo Alto young lady.
Mrs. Treadwell ls a strikingly pretty
woman. Her beauty captivated Professor
Driver when she was sent to San Jose to
complete her musical education under tha
professor. As a young girl she was famed
as one of Sonoraa's prettiest daughters,
and the last few years have only added
a charm and ripened beauty to girlish
prettlness.
Treadwell was in Petaluma much of
this time. He mingled but little with the
townspeople and made no secret of the
fact that he was here solely to see. hia
friend and former music teacher. They
departed from Petaluma together quietly,
and the news of the wedding was sup
pressed by Mrs. Driver's relatives until
the secret finally worked its way from
Ogden to Petaluma. Mr. and Mrs. Tread
v/ell .are now en route to Europe, to be
abroad for a year.
About a year ago Mrs. Driver came
home to her parents. Her child was al
ready here, and not long afterward her
second baby was born. Following quick
ly this event came the suit for divorce,
the grounds being willful' neglect and
failure to provide. Professor Driver did
not contest the suit and the decree was
granted In February.
Treadwell was taken to the Driver home
by the professor and Introduced as the
latter's best friend. Treadwell's marked
admiration for and - attention to Mrs.
Driver for the past two years caused
considerable comment in Petaluma. When
Mrs. Driver came home on long visits to
her parents It was seldom that the name
ot" James P. Treadwell wa3 not on the
Petaluma Hotel register. As Mrs. Driver
increased the length and frequency of
her visits 'home .and Treadwell continued
to board at the hotel reports gained cur
rency that all was not well with Pro
fessor Driver and his wife, and that
though Driver loved his wife madly he
did not provide her with the luxurious
surroundings and the pin money which
her ideas of comfort demanded. .-
PETALUMA, June 2S.— James P. Treaa
well, the young millionaire of San Jose,
was married at Ogden on Thursday to
Mrs. Abbie Montrose Driver, the divorced
wife of Professor Leon Driver of Santa
Clara and only daughter of Capitalist I*.
G. Nay of Petaluma. The -wedding was
the sequel to a romantic friendship ante
dating the divorce suit by a considerable
period, having commenced when Tread
well was taking music lessons from Pro
fessor Driver's pretty wife.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Event Comes as Sequel to a
Divorcs Suit Decided
in February.
James P. Treadwall and
Mrs. Driver Marry
in Utah.
WEDS A FORMER
FRIEND'S EX-WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
20
Swiftest and the Most Sweeping Price-Gutting Ever Known.
To-Morrow, Monday, June 30th, Begins That Twice-Yearly Bargain Event— the Great Sale ; Known Far and Wide as the Most Important and Greatest of All
Money-Saving Sales. It's That Great Event that is eagerly watched and waited for by all who have, profited byjt jn the past— a time when extraordinary price
i k inducements are employed — a time when cost to us is not considered— -for it's our policy to carry » «...
__ . . r»*Tr»r\oo PoHuced j r ' . • t-. . ,. i^.j 1 * j r> j. j Tremendous Reductions In
50c ALB4TR0SS to no goods over from one season into Another. Boken lines, OJd Assortments,. Remnants and WaiQt* anri Walkinff Qkirfc
s s^i^il° l to'r QQC thousands of accumulations incidental to this great and growing business, have been unhesi- |'^ I,
waists,' Presses. Tea OO y ar a tatingly and mercilessly cut, for we have,^in view a switt clearance of Spring and Summer Stocks.' The skirts, worth $4.00; re- 3>_«4-o
'nci'uJin T pirfk L S-?r N Sue H Creani Greatest Price Reductions Ever Known will- prevail throughout the entire month of July. Each 50(> silk' waists, broken lines,
and Black; an unprecedented bargain, and every department will be represented by unei^ualed bargains — and Every Item that follows means e re ll $4 C «) 0 anci a $5.oo S ; 1Z re- 9>8»Ht>
or a big saving. There are thousands more that we would mention if space were, not already overcrowded, duced to |
j SALE BEGINS AT S:3O TO-MORROW. MOR li^C EXTRA SALESPEOPLE SPECIAL DELIVER! S. \
Unprecedented Dress Goods Bargains. Extraordinary Wash. Goods Reductions.
SI.CO and $1.25 Mohair Etamines <^ji« w <«*» Wool Ghallies. Madras Ginghams Red vsi d t o fron> Crash Suiting R ""i!§ d .! rom | great embroidery &
C5 pieces Black Mohair Gren- OQr» 60 Dieces of Satin Striped Wool ORf[r> 200 pieces fine quality Madras O^ 100 pieces Crash Suitinss, so Ol« LACi: REOU GTIONSi
0«». no -7. 4% adines, la pretty stripe effects and _«O»— > Challies. in a choice variety of — -«JW< Ginghams ln neat stripes and V»w popular for Skirts and complete «JSV T .,, TJT?1 - 1TTVn , T , TT , a , i
Kirtip medium designs, warranted fast YARD, designs; handsome effects; in the YARD, checks, also -solid colors. Good YARD Dresses. Was 15c yard; reduced to YARD. E.MBKOIDERIES from
KB«\\ Black, fully 38 inches wide. The greatest best colorings; a great bargain at 25c Yd. value at 10c a yard. . 7? ° lt V: nes wi ° e » ln
IlLiSlU Black Goods bargains; actually worth . , . ; pretty patterns; former
75c>ard - or Inoh Fo-pfllo Rcduced PnHnn Rronadinoc R«-uced from, §u C C ed to!r?. : Ya r rd 7|C
efttttof* O *• n — ii pTrf, r~A r Rlaplr Rrnsrinlnth Reduced from OO-lliGn fBiCaiB to UUllUil UlcnaUineb 25c to c ¦ *
OOiS^f Satin Pmnella R 85l to DiaCK DrOaGCIOm $l25to The very best quaUty American r [M piece. M^cerixed Cotton Gren- IO f .T ~
IImIIbSH a =.~.»t rv /- w i All wool English Broadcloth, Q Q_ Percale, 30 inches wide, ln medium Caw adines, light and dainty material lOw KMBROIDERIES, 4 to 7
WVWW .mara^SA «^ a ,°° s ° &^ la ' ftO^ extra heavy, for Tailor Suits and Ot/C a nd dark colorings. Regular value YARD for evenins dresses, ln shades of YARD. Inches wide, on durable
guaranteed all wool. \ery lustrous, \J»*4^* Skirts, fully 52 Inches wide. YARD. 12^0 yard; reduced to 7^ c yard Light Blue, Pink. Nile, Yellow. Red. Lav- cambric; choice patterns; -
ft-\r~ also rBhnk TiLJ&lfv f\y ? S vS ARD * Actual value. $1 25; reduced to 89c yard . ender and White. . were 15c and 13c. X\ n
fOr also Black. Regularly sells at b5c yard. _____ I T I S H DilTlitfBS Wcre >Sc and 20c. To close, at.. Yd HC
Rflp Yarf! B !5 k I*S-?SLT 1 K!! '^m Cheviot 080 'l^k^MlS^ |g l _*» i^H lt 'TT« ' ummm.
Over , 300 Remnants ored fabric. Worth $1 50 yard; reduced to already sponsed and shrunk; im- YARD r- rr . . - m xv£?»0c yald dainty patterns; YARD.
bavebe'en gathered: this »Sc yard menae bargain at. 77c Yard NfttfQ tu RronadinOS R 7^ fl ~ - regular value 50c yard.
reason's styles in Black ,,„ .. _ — — . , — . nwiwuj wiwiiuuiuww toe lb ____________________
tnd Colored Dross Goods WnflP Rrff^nriv Reduced from , o ~a,.*~a *^~. An Immense offering ln Black 40. Pnlnrarl RrffanHtf Reduced from
that were ?1 and $1 25. »FU!l5 UlgdllUJ 50c to WhlfP RhPVIftt R cd "«d from Mercerized Satin-Striped Grena- "toC .bUlUICU UlganUf 25c to I APF TIIP^IHR
to close out at.SOe a yd. 20 pieces 70-inch White French Q O ~ HHHC UII07IUI 40c to dines, the finest assortment to YARD. y feheer Organdies, ln solid 1Q. LMUCIUllMWO,
All our Remnants, the Organdy, a very sheer quality OOt Mercerized Satin-Striped Chev- Q~J,»' choose from, exquisite effects of a lustrous colors ot pi nk Light Blue", Nile, Iw^ Handsome styles
SI 50 and $1 73 values, that jiever sold under 50c a yard. YARD. iot. the idea! White Skirt and AW^ Black. Regular value 75c yard; reduced j^y^^- "Maize. Gray. Tan and YARD, in Lace Tuck- tot
f Or 75c yard Reduced to 3Gc yard Waist material, immense value at 1ARD, to 4»c jara Black Were 25o yard. ings and Plain YARD.
" . * ' ; — . Lawn Tucklngs; the res-
Whits Pique Rcd §n d to fron> , pi,!. u,\ nMn i, n.du M d t™, Lace Stnpsd Lawns. , „ ,. — Z7 u . ed , om ™".'. 1 .. v ''r. : .«c c lL t s
ribboh RECUcnoss. A.«tr.«,^v, lt , I «|^,,^ Plain wsooK 20c to A t My £ ,„„. I7 India Lmon "•""sew'""" —
E'Hy-" S "---S »H^'SSH»° S .11 C VS^^^^iMSa g^|i?|M|ll| WASHABLE ALL-OVER
I"ir !^l IMMENSE SALE OF WHITE BLANKETS AND HOUSE FURNISHINGS. *«! 2 5c
Navy; regular value Kever dld you have a better orportunlty to Eave than you have now— for the goods on sale are of the highest order, well known and standard brands— all of Paris. Duchesse YARD.
8 1-oc yard. them have been greatly reduced; this Is Indeed a great money-saving opportunity. ._. and Normandy All-
— — ¦— — White Blankets "^Stsr Comforter Bargains nr d Tah'e Linen "-art. 1 *-- ¦ . . Sheets -airt-T-rS-'
SAT N R BBQH. 2°° cairs of California _ nn We will place on sale 15 dozen <C1-15 70-inch Bleached Table Damask. PCC|r» * V-r ¦¦"-->--• »*V_- COe were g^ ul
viHim iuu»UK t Blankets. 10-4 size, in oretty Oft QH of the regular $1.50 Comforters, «> 1 extra heavy, ln very pretty de- V5?*y > " + 85o yard. '
000 pieces All- QSTp borders, extra heavy quality; for \ I l J*Y all of them are filled with white EACH signs; actual value 75c; reduced^ YARD_ i
KWi?teSgS thi t s If £a l e Pair t0 " • 90« HANDKERCHIEFS
all the leading shad^; ]UU U n n| an jf B tc Reduced from alue at ¦ I inon KonHne Reduced from . nAltURCnuniCrd.
regular value. COe; clear- IIIIIIB DidlitVCld $5.00 to i _.. O.irl-i-o Worth $2 50. LlflBli lidUlVinS $2.50 to Ulk m & 6 _f> 100 dozen Ladles' fr|r»
ance price. piece. Extra hea^ fleecy White Blan- fljQ. 9 5 LflCB bUnainS Reduced to 100 dozen Pure Linen Napkins, fir «. 95 Kg I I f|\V I #1QP^^ Handkerch le I 8. IUL>
kets. 11-4 size for double beds. OO pairg of finest White Not- C1-»5 *-lly 22 inches; a good wearing 5>I ¦ ¦¦¦VFTT. V>«<ZPV»v_f« pretty effects In EACH.
with choice borders; regular PAIR tin-^am Lace Curtains 3^ yards 9> I napkin, in polka dot and floral DOZEN £ m 5 ro!de !, ed ',. laCe .,* t u lm "
T«FFFTA RiPRnH Value $500: reduce<i to ?3.95 Pair i O ng • T great variety of pretty PAIR designs; worth $2.50 dozen. ...?1. 95 Dozen These are made of a Rood wearm* med and hemstitched:
iJ , I f Rprl Snroadc R«due.d from t e o choose from ? 1.05 Pair Reduced from and dependable quality sheeting, to Ed X £..r?io2°_*__
Ta 2 fr2tf SeC Ri^ 7C *M »•-» «> , ; nfln p..,,. Reduced from Turkish TOWClS Kmd^d nm be sold for less than the goods by •
best quality; in YARD *:**"¦ lar ee size Honey Comb C |.1O LlnBIl UldSII 15c to 200 dozen white Turkish « 0 2^' the yard. IHlTlll
.11 shades. including |g^j. fo _, d^SS. EA^iT A great Toweling bargain, actual Q^ Towels, good size, very absorbent; lOsC 54^0 sheets worth 50c for 40c Each IHIIIAL
Cream Li?ht hemmed, a great bargain at EACH Barnsly All-Llneii Crash. VC grand value; reduced to EACH 63x90 Sheets, worth 55c. for 45c Each HANDKERfiHIFFS
vame ll- to clo«e Svd it . „ .".V" '*"!' ' A f ls inches wide; for this sale at.... YARD Reduced from 72x9 ° Sheets worth 60c for...47%c Each . nABUWnUnitrd.
Marseilles Ouilts R f d $2 c Io d t f o rom Twiiiad-Pmh *"»*•* tnm Linen Towels Red $ u 2 c 0 e o d t f o ron> %**. woru, :£ . r so.^ j?_asf ! ai2-c
English Marseilles Quilt- full C»t 85 I WIllSQ UldSll 8 l-3c to 100 German Linen Towels, splen- fl>| .50 »° x^ Sheets, worth 70c. for 55c Each Linen Handker- ; EACH.
KnVFITY RIRPflH^ «l-e. «tra heav?. n a fine range $1— 100 pieces 18-Inch twilled towel- K r did for wear, with nice borders; fcl 45x3G Cases, worth 12%c for....lOc Each chiefs, with hand em-
nUlLLlI nIDD'JnCt of choicest designs- well worth EVCH ing extra heavy, good quality; a O^ size 18x34; regular value ?2.00 DOZEN 50x36 Cases, worth 15c, for 12c Each broidered initials; great
300 pieces No. I f\ ~ $2.50; reduced to S1.S3 Each special leader at YARD dozen $1.50 Dozen 54x36 Cases, worth 20c. for 14c Each value at 20c; reduced to
40 All-Silk Nov- Kl>(. 1 v - -..l_%e Each
|;J5#gi MARVELOUS OFFERINGS IN BLACK AND COLORED SILKS. REDUCT " WEJlll
Here we present the greatest array ef Silk Bargains we ever offered. Over 9000 yards of this season's choicest Silks ln Waist and Dress lengthe. ln and -«_. «.«...
. Colored — all have been greatly reduced, to be closed out, regardless of their original cost. Values like these are bound to result in the. most enthusiastic selling. - JQp COLLARS
LOUISIIE RIBBONS. 75c SILK FOULARDS reduced to $1.00 and $1.25 NOVELTY SILKS reduced to f$W^^tM
100 pieces No. ICTq 2500 yards All Silk Foulards, this season's styles, in exquisite OETfJ" The crandest of Silk bargains. 2200* yards Novelty Silks, In rich r" _-\P reduced to.. Each IVfC
.^ .^ vIVm^ hemstitched effects, in a grand variety of pretty designs, and colors cf J<j£\ yj Persian and Du Barry effects, ln elegant color combinations, ln med- P>| IV « i i-
S,utiine A mbW, : T^ p^ntmena^arga^a^.^^f!?: fSS?™^ «SKi5&^V?A'* U Twd IUm and *"*'¦ sIlks that were * 100 *»* » 125 - •-•• '. — ..... D\J Tard JQp COLLARS,
ra e 9 SFy^| 85c MOIRE VELOUR SILK reduced to $1.00 BL4CK SATIN DUCHESSE reduced to iHl d 31ii
<rke •¦¦• »»t jar Over 1800 yards of this season's most popular Silk fabric, ln colors of t^f\C 1200 yards of a good quality Black Satin Duchess, absolutely 'fast ~7 _T C were e *0c° and 50c. now..'
l>lght Blue. Turquoise. Gray Purple, Nile. Cardinal. Brown and Navy, ij I I „ Black dye. fully 24 Inches wide, well worth $1.00,. reduced for this sale / 15c Each
Moire that Is good value at S5c to be closed out at *-* M Yard at : k ..... ¦ *— ' Yard __^
H051ERY Jjl 75c BUCK TAfFETA GUARANTEED TAFFETA for 85c PEAU DE SOIE for $1.50 PEAU DE SOIE for LICE COLLARS.
UhU.KWhAK lg00 yar( j s Fine Swiss Taffeta, eplen- The regular $1.10 quality Black Taf- A dependable quality Black Peau de Remarkable value, one that we guar- $1.00 Lacs Col- QQ P
CO dozen extra fer^ did _T&de. of a brilliant Black. r?Q r feta. 22 Inches wide, every yard 0O/-» Soie of a rich lustre, extra {£Qr» antee to give good satisfaction, Ofir» lars, many O€7V/
heavy School IOC One that will wear well; reg- O^fi »W> guaranteed for 6 months; re- OOv hea%T. always sells at S5c; re- VFt/v» perfect In weave, worth $1.50, C/Ov styles to choose BACH.
Stockings: double PAIR ular value 75c. for YARD duced to YARD duced to YARD for YARD from; reduced to..
knee and soles; fast I i _.. . . ' ' ¦ " ¦ ¦_____——_ ' 30c Each
PiS§ Sensational Reductions in Ladies' Suits, Coats, Skirts and Shirt Waists, "ifflffw
LISLE HQSEi :.r. The coming week, beginning to-morrow, will witness the most phenomenal price reductions in the history of our Suit and Waist departments. Thousands of Dollars* '^e biggest bar-"' ' *•**
-- : ~' — --•• - ~ worth of this season's best stylos have been grouped Into low price clearing sale lots, and no matter what the loss may be, every garment ls marked for«wulck disposal trains' In Lace EACH.
oSy^w I9C Our advice is to be on hand early. . " Boleros; hand-
hVif!S?« GREATEST SACRIFICE ON TAILOR SUITS AND SKIRTS. PHENOMENAL WAIST REDUCTIONS. S^S
— — : SI5.09 SUITS for ¦ I $30.00 ALPACA SUITS for $5.50 SILK WAISTS for $7.50 and $10.00 WAISTS for 5O .fRnm —
P.rlinRFN'^ Handsome Black Cheviot Suits {O.95 All our fine Alpaca Suits in <t1fi-95 This season's Silk Waists. CO.98 Silk Waists of Peau de Sole GTQ.95 „ . , . L,
UniLUntH O In B i OUEe and Coat style, silk €?v> the new Gibson and Eton V*U made of Surah Silk and Taffeta; «!>—. and Taffeta ln hemstitched. <![>& Ladles' Washa- OK,-,
fl!»nPPWPfcR Uned Jacket; ekirt full flaring EACH style are handsomely finished. EACH in the leading colors and black. EACH tucked and Persian trimmed; in EACH ble Croats. tha'-itJ-
UnUCnilCAn flounce. Were $15. Were $30 each. Were $o 50. for Each sj?a.!»S colors and black. Were $7 50 and $10- latest styles, EACH.
J,"?z, t .^^XS: ; : ;i 00- WASH WAISTS for '" ' E "" """ h -^°?^a
"r"r- ' r " ; J" \ ? 50 ', 0 t ° F'PJ 0 ' „ , 5 S 25 - 00 mm SUITS for izs? J8S? s-t 49c $1.50 and $1.75 WAISTS for belt sale.
V 0 " is at ' 9c A great variety to choose' C|f|-~5 Made o f the finest materials Cri<2-9"> ranted fast colors. Were $1; re- EACH a (treat line of Whita Lawn _i._-k An nn *< rn j -.< » A
No. 20 at:::::::ilc 0^ Ea6h~ ° f , thiS T 8 P^; very catchy fc'O— duced to ...Each 49« and WaTstL; _teS?98C $2-00, $ .50 IH& $ .00
No <M > at 13c *^ d Hair L.me stripes, >ery tuA^a. styles; Jackets Peau de Soie EACH _______________________________ trimmed- immense value «.t VArn » #. # 7" • •
Ko' 24 at ISc nobby Etyles; handsomely trimmed; In Ufled; a great variety in the leading colors QQRnWA'vU WAIVT^ ffir immense value at EACH BeltS for
No' "G at 17e colors and black. Were 520 each. and black. Were ?25 each. . O/iOU WAiH YVAlJlO TOl ¦ ! BCU» IUI
no. 28 a t: :::.:: i»c : A n our one ?2 50 waists ln S750 WASH SUITS for lZ en have r Cn 50c
j I aiiiiiig 515.00 SILK DRESS SKIRTS for $10,50 and $12 WOOLSKIRTSfor g^^..^^^SL-'!fta l^fiHH
f^^thta Ua S.^- SI K-l2rS $Tl!fl Cheviot, Venetian and Broad g7 CO Qll V PCTTimUTg fnr ' +«• **>''«"*•> •-- EACH lAo.%1.60 .»d |L0O
ff:R«TC 'B k Taffcu; J noe; EACH Cloth Dress Skirts; the hand- $ f -- $f, 5Q SILK H 1 TlUUAT6 I Or • -~ ' your choice at..50c Each
llmcLlO. ,_.-__„,, Wpr(1 *,r. somest styles in colors and black EACH -, . __ 7E* IS f 101 111 nnAIUmo ... ___________________
Broken lines of all our "<" *** . *« «« « flO 50 and $12. 75C MUSLIN DRAWERS ¦ f OF . HRESS LIIIIX65
$3. $2 od and ?10« cor- a v Taffeta; trimmed with deep ac- EACH Rare values in Ladies' Drawers, PZ{\~ UIILCg UininOJ.
eets of the leading COfl PP All flC \K IRT^ fnF __-_-__---___—-. • cordeon plaited flouace; In all colors and trimmed with tuckings and hem- OUw 2000 yards 38-lnch t-r ~
makes; good styles; In g.U ILHU UL OJIL OIVIIIIU IUI black. Were $7 50 each. stitchings and lace insertion; EACH Taffeta Skirt Lin- (v
black and gray; OSJy-» iiniTipr>?i» valu*> for a fine lot C* t t 75 «-» i-n nnroo 01/inTO r ¦ ' really, worth 75c; reduced to. ...Each 50c Ing, In the lead- TARD
reduced to. Pair WOC a^d Tahiti $1 1— $7.50 DRESS SKIRTS fOF «|fl fifl Sll K PFTTICfl ATS fflT ! " ~ < {W eotor,;MUl ? *alu,
Skirts; very tastefully trimmed; EACH -Jf i 7 r-i, i V ***** UU " '- 1 * ' C ' ' IUU " ' " IU ' CM CO UfUITT PVinTO X 15c; reduced to. .7e Yard
wku prfw a tr MMl "" u _-_?«Tra .n5^«S-_r i -Sn_Ld cl idtt o/j ,90 ..^'^8* p wnh oa snk o 'durt S5- 95 51.50 WHITE SKIRTS for . -
WASH DRESS SKIRTa - 20 ' reduced t0 >.-b-^ f"-^ ef- .J4j£g »^ SS^nTi^;'^ ¦ « ( ««- .™*r white Petti- qo r MERCERIZED LINING.
Ladies' Linen Qpr r fects - « ere 57. oO each. v Xiavu Former price $10, to close coats £ el «santly trimmed; full «7OC » nrft „..,,.•„„ -"A
§S?, :^S" S e?ch S25.DD DRESS SKIRTS for E "> w - 85 « nE ! h ."°. a .:!'. ath . : .*.fr?f'.!?? a ?Lf 1 , A gge r~ M T f ', l ? : |Oc
rrFSiSo-JS «14-» $5.00 CLOTH SKIRTS for LADIES' 50c CHEMISE at . I&IH™
91 oO. reduced to.S^c ea. mcd wlth Llbe rty Silk Ruffles: EACH Broken lines of Ladies' Dress eO?9 15 dozen Lakes' Chemise, trim- QQ r LAUItO ODD UUVYnb TOf quality; In all coIorVand
yery liuffy and graceful; grand value. p h , rts; made of fine Ladies' tfr-5 med with Lace edging and mada -*»^ Gowns of Good Muslin trim s%n black : worth 16 2 " 3c
$3,GD SKIRTS for ___!_!_!__!!: : pg^^ ea?h ACH goc^ am " value at EACH A^^^Zflhui- SS? - -- "" M 10 °
ip»SS;»_i S22.50 SILK GOATS for • 1 — S2.25 WHITE PEiTICOATS for 7 k p Pn B«T Phvcpg'i-- dress shields
-rt t Sta°di ! O-l.tem B^S ***** Silk Coats, three- C>1K.95 QI1 IT FTONS AT HALF-PRICE greatest line of White JOG IQR&ET COVERS fOF w , T \ \ A
dainty PolVa uSi. fin- quarter length, lined ln white; $ IO— 0IIA 1 1 UWO H I nHLr TXi lOL. Cambric Petticoats; exquisitely O I A Handsome lot of Ladles' Cor- cm S£fcE& ?,r«-10C
ished with double rafne. vory swell looking garments; EACH Broken lines of the finest Silk Etons; trimmed with deep Lace and EACH set Covers, daintily trimmed with OOC Ihieids !„ all plm
end white pipinsr; were all have been greatly reduced to c.ose were imported to eell at «2M. |17 50 Embroidery; really worth ?2 2^; great bar- j ace embroidery and hemstitch- EACH sl'es-regu?ar value 15c •
$3; reduced to. JP1/J5 ea. at Each #15.05 and ?30; now. .. .Each .$0.50, $9.50. #15 gain at ,. Each $1.50 Ing. Worth 75e each. reduced to lOc Patr
' ' COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. . '
IMMENSE SACRIFICES on _T /f» . r , (fT**"'- ¦ GREATEST GLOVE BARGAINS.
ETO'.S and CLOTH JACKETS. " V#%, f^^A/^T®Z~&'SiMi wlth p l5«V?/^ O^V°^^'°^«»^ on
" _^ _^_ii»»__i_»_i_»_^_«—^_»_^_"—^— ~™»~^™ —^~""~~"~ ¦ ,'i.iJ .;!', ' ' 1^^™"™™™™"" 1 ""™™""™™™ 1 "™ 1 ™™ 1 " "•"—¦<¦¦- ~~'_h_h_^_^_ j
—¦ — _— — — _»^— — — — — — ~— —__¦¦¦ in. um— ~~n ¦_j_tjh,_-^ii i jiikj.u_»»_ »— P-1_ pg _—— — i»i]j™iiimii«iij.iii. ii-n..,--. ¦
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
A HAPPY DISPOSITION
¦^""rB^*. * s almost unknown to
/^sc#g[2j35k any woman who is almost
r™»'~"a»« r <<» . . constant i y .¦HI. • With-
gy N S haadache, backache ana
£n. <~J d •J aches too numerous to
TrI JS ' mention, how can lifa
\i* /-r«M*i) seem anything but a ,
V ; \*-^fef blank to her? How pa-
***>_? thetic It ls. and yet how
J^tl jBw> unnecessary.' .Perhaps she
,£«^ TySVwww A Imagines she Is Incurable,
>$li§^f£'*MVTO or els « dreads consulting
a physician relative to her
i§SSSfcll^§t W>ff trouble. What a relief.
ifli'J tnet , m , t should be to know
this can be dispensed with, for thousands of
women who were similarly afflicted testify
that KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES will prove a
positive cure in all female complaints.
The above- conditions are symptomatic or
serious trouble if permitted to continue un-
checked.. ,. i: gAN pRANaraca •
K. S. C. Medical Co. — Dear Sirs: It affords
me great pleasure to be able to express my
everlasting gratitude to you for the great bent-
fit received from the use of KEMP'S SUP-
POSITORIES. For years I suffered every tor-
ture. Was treated by five different physicians,
but only failed and grew worse. Discouraged.
I tried three remedies for female complaints
•without relief, and after having martyred al-
most everything, reluctantly submitted to an
operation which seemed to paralyze me par-
tially, as a result of which I waa confined
to my bed for three months. Almost on the
verge of despair I was induced to try KEMP'S
SUPPOSITORIES. I was naturally skeptical
about anything helping me. but after the first
month the change in my condition was mar-
velous. After nix months' use of the Suppoai-
tories I was pronounced cured, and for the- last
year have been enjoying perfect health. I gladly
tell this, and would cheerfully recommend tha
remeds to all suffering as I did. All who use
it according to directions will agree with me
that life ls not such a failure after all. Very
gratefully, ANNA M. CLANCY.
/ 109 De Long ave.
11000 offered to any one who can prove that
the above testimonial ls not genuine:.
30 KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES. $2. Sent to
any address, postpaid, on receipt of price. Pat
up only by the
K.S.G. Medical Co., 1236 Market, Cor. Jones
Hours — 0 to 5. 8 to 7:30 p. m. Sunday. 11
a. m. to 1 p. m.
Kemp's Suppositories have been sold under
a fnll guarantee for the past twelve years.
8 CELEBRATE THE I
% WITH S
! CALIFORNIA... !
I ...FIREWORKS!
© ©
• * •
1 Buy Direct From the Makers. §
I CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO, §
• 219 Front Street. •
0 San Francisco. q
© Open Evenin&s July 1, 2 and 8. O
I Eyeglasses and Spectacles 1
JB Are supplied only of the *M| ..
la finest quality, guaranteed Eg
H| to fit and give perfect com- j\|
H PRICES MODERATE 11
fa Ttetory sa f realm. P-o&t X_in 10* tE§
W 64 2^Market StOU
Drunkards
Cured Seerefly
Any Lady Can do it at Home— Costs
KotMng to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which can be given In t**,
soffee or food. He«rtJlT endorsed by "W. C. T. U. and mil
temperance workers, ft does Its work so silently and
rarely tbat while the dernted wife, sister or daughter
look* on, the drunkard isreelairaedeYenaRainsthiswiil
' and without his knowledge. Semt your name and address
to Dr. J. W. Biines,3349 Glean BUI?., Cincinnati. O.. and
he will mail m trial packacs of Golden Specific tti» to
(how how easily U i* to en re <tn»n fc a rcl» with this remedy.
' Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific ar* for
: sale In San Francisco by J. R. Gate, i Co.,
417 Sansome »t.
; , . —
P<yqh^3>'^»'«_»^.-<C»*«8fc.-^<^.'^'^.0
S visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
liUSEUM OF ANATOHY*
$ G& i;315i-3_3T-T.t»t.6i-"_,3.?.Ctl.>
\ M^ «755 A »«°raical Musenoi In the \
r a^f^fek World. Weaknesses «r ta T contracted J
i. H— !Kr2 * tease *" I1I »" I T «•»•*!)* the oldest T
O [MM\ s P e «^ ! i" «"> «!>« Coast. E.L3», ea ?L
4 $132: i DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
A ffl»B CcwmJttdon free and ttrietly prints. \
m J jBtgt D Tre »ra<">t personally or by teltat A M
\ S 3 u K '**"'** Cwrt to erery cue andertaken. \
mrS HP Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY af A
"2 II ¦ MAnniACE. UAtUS -»»H. /if
A 0 it »alnable book for mra) _
V JDB. JORDAN * CO.. 1051 Market St. S. - 9
_K_3_k. WONG WOO.
F s 5ttl& CHINESE TEA AND
I _ Tf HERB SANITAKXCM,
BF 3 704-C6 Clay st.. S. F.. Cat
itr" 7 BERKELEY., Cal.. Juna 8,
Dr. "Won* TToo— Dear
HraVW&nS7 SIr: Wlth P Ieasura x te3 ~
'fimaMMX* tlfy t0 your marvelous
skill and knowledge, hav-
ing been a great sufferer from rheumatism
for more than four years. My case pronounced
Incurable by several physicians, I was per-
suaded to try your remedies. Four months'
treatment resulted In a completa cure, and a
gain ln wetsht of seventy pounds. I attribute
my good health entirely to yonr medicine. Cor-
dially yours. MRS. N. J. ABBOTT. 2123 Cen-
ter street.
All disease* cured exclusively by Chines*
herbs, over 3000 varieties being- used. Hours
9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
A $20 Belt
f^llESM^i&MaMPf&^I Same as others
ulne; not 'a toy.
Jij 3& humbug. It cures wlth-
ijsyif out medicine. Not sold
fyfii* by druggists. No dis-
counts. Free by mall on receipt of price.
Circulars tree.' Ask for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
tric Belt." Call or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. 200 Post St.. San Francisco, or
33 W. Twenty-fourth «t-. New York.
DiMiALL 'S HElNYiaO&ATORK=!H!
Stops all losses ln 21 hours. Five kyj""Zti'J
hundred reward for any case we 6a_ B_C\
cannot cure. This secret rem- a ij
edy cures Emissions, Impotency, gEjrj EOM
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, ffn "*"fH
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- u!l_ 1*1*1
hood and all other wasting; ef- JEgl f**J
fects of self-abuse or excesses. E5j%£!E!_3
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITirTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073V*
Market St., S. F. Send for free book.
~F '^PATENTS-
%"-^330 MARKET bT.sTKS&T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
How any man may quickly cure himself alter
years ot suffering from sexual -weakness. io«t
vitality. niKht losses, varicocele. etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and visor
blmply Bend your name and address to r>r
Sp Medicare- 1373 Hull building gl
troit Mich., and they will gladly »end th»
£ee receipts with full directions so any _£?
may easily *«r* himself at home. . This ls cer-
tainly ft mojt senerous offer, and the following-
extracts taken from their daily man gho *
what men think of their Kenerosity
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have civen v C .u r
treatment a tcorouKh test and the benefit* has
been extra jrduiary. Jt has c<>mD.etf.*v bfaced
me up. I -m just as vigorous aa when u U..5
and you cunnai realize how happy 1 a m "
••Dear fc»r»: Your method worked beautiful-
ly. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor . have completely returned
and enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sirs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it is a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved ln size
strength and vi«:or."
All correspondence ls strictly confidential,
mailed ln plain, sealed envelope. The receiDt
. Is free for the asking- and they want every
i ¦¦-.• - - . . *> . .editors and publishers of Sunday-school
publications, elected the following of
ficers: President, the Rev. J. A. Mo-
Camy of Nashville, Tenn.; vice president,
the Rev. Thomas B. Neeley, D. D., LL.
D., of New York;, secretary, the Rev. C.
R. Blackwell, D. D., of Philadelphia;
treasurer, the Rev. J. R. Miller, D. D., of
Philadelphia.
SEATTLE, June 28.— The Marion, a gas
oline launch, owned by Captain Symonds
of Port Townsend, took flre and exploded
yesterday afternoon off Richbond beach.
Out of a crew of five men three succeed
ed In reaching shore through aid
on the part of fishermen, but the remain
ing two perished.
Gasoline Launch Explodes.
CHICAGO, June 28.— Armed with two
revolvers, Charles W. Gale, an insane real
estate dealer, made two ineffectual at
tempts to kill Albert McMullen, a barber,
last night, then he locked himself in his
office and killed himself. A quarrel about
a woman was responsible for the tragedy.
It is said.
Shoots Barber and tfills Himself.
OXNAKD, June 28.— Henry Hasse, the
13-year-old boy who accidentally shot and
killed Earl Colvert, another 13-year-old
boy of El Rio, yesterday, has disappeared.
Hasse is said to have remarked that he
would. rather die than go to jail, and it
id feared that he has committed suicide.
Flees After Killing Comrade.
The Overland Monthly for July Is one
of the most readable publications of the
month. ' The leading article is "The Build-
Ing of a Battleship," profusely illustrated,
by George William Dickie; all the war
vessels built in this city are illustrated,
and some of the Illustrations appear in
print for the firs^ time. •
Overland Monthly for July.
General Torres has appointed Colonel
Juan Jose Navarro commander of the
Twentieth and Eleventh battalions and
chief of all national troops stationed at
Hermosillo, . in place of Captain Aurelio
Pinal, who was shot and killed In La
Tula Caro saloon.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 28.— On the night
of San Juan's day twenty Yaqui laborers
v.c-rking on the ranches in the neighbor
hood of Gorguz, a town about iifteen
miles from Hermosillo, tpolp to the war
path and attacked the citizens of that
place. Jose DessenS with a band of
vaqueros met the Yaquis and repulsed
them, pursuing them to Le Palma hills,
where the Indians were overtaken. In
the fight that followed four Y,aquis were
killed, six were taken prisoners and the
rest escaped. The prisoners were taken
to Hermosillo. They will be sentenced by
General Torres, and.it is presumed that
he will order them shot, carrying out his
policy to exterminate all Yaquis found
bearing arms.
Dessens has been honored by General
Torres and Governor Izabal for hJs 'brav
ery in meeting the attack of the Indians
and running them down.
Reports come from Guayparln that a
number of Indians took to the warpath
in that vicinity on Ban Juan's day, buL
the rising was put down after three In
dians had been killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Kill Four and Capture
Six in a Fight Near
Gorguz.
VAQUEROS ROOT
BAND OF YAQUIS
LA GRANDE, Or., June 28.— W. S. Ra-
CaJn, & farmer living south of this city,
¦was poisoned this morning by strychnine
In sugar used in his coffee. He took
calaratus as an antidote and will recover:
but his con Otis, aged about 28 years,
ate one of the strychnine crystals and as
a result Is dead. The presence of the
strychnine In the house is a mystery.
Strychnine in the Sugar.
EAN JOSE, June 28.— An agreement has
been filed In the County Recorder's of
fice which Involves the transfer of a great
deal of real estate in the southern end of
this county, a consideration of $200,000 be
ing named. The purchaser is E. G.
Wheeler of San Francisco, who has pro
cured an option from Charles 11. and Julia
H. Weber of Stockton. The lands in
clude the Rancho Canada de San Felipe
y I^as Animas, containing S788 acres; an
other tract, south of the rancho, contain
ing 2303 acres; the property known as
Glen Willis, 217 acres, and a tract lying
South of the Yerba Buena rancho and
containing 107 acres of land.
Buys Thousands of Acres.
HEDEXA, NMont., June 28.— The report
of the United States Assay Office at
Helena just issued shows that the value
of gold, silver, copper and lead produced
In the State for the year 1S01 was J60.3R7,
61$ CL Of this amount $4,802,717 S3 was in
geld, 518,334,442 26 silver. $36,751,837 31 in
copper and $438,622 02 in lead. As com
partd vrl^i the production of 1S90, the de
crease Is about $3,000,000, due to the les
cen^ production of copper. The report
shows that since the discovery of gold in
Montana forty years ago more than one
billion dollars has been taken from the
streams and mountains of the State.
Mineral Output of Montana.
SALINAS. June 28.— The Central Coast
Counties Improvement Association th"s
afternoon resolved to recommend to the
various county organizations that they
prepare an exhibit of their products to be
Fhown in the nave of the ferry building.
San Francisco, during the Knights of
Pythias Convention in San Francisco in
August. An invitation was extended to
the San Francisco Merchants* and Busi
ness Men's Association to visit the down
coast counties. It was decided to place
j-ennanent exhibits In Chicago and at the
Et. Iyjuis Exposition, the Southern Pa
cific Company having offered free trans
portation.
Hesources to Be Displayed.
Unprecedented sale of cameras. For
one week only we offer a discount of 50
per cent from list prices of Graphic,
Premo, Poco, tCorona and Al Vista cam
eras. Kirk, Geary & Co., 112 Geary st., •
OROVILLE, June 28.— Fire is sweeping
the country southeast of this place. Two
houses, four barns, a great quantity of
hay, some growing grain and many miles
of fences have been destroyed. The fire
started shortly before noon at the Brasel
ton place, east of Orovllle, and was car
ried before a brisk north wind through
the dry grass and underbrush. It was
only by the hardest fighting that farmers
Eaved their homes from destruction and
in two cases the flames gained the vic
tory over them. Orange groves suffered
in some instances and In a path three
miles in width no dry grass is left.
The fire is now close to the Yuba County
line, and, as the wind has abated, it *is
hoped the fighters will gain control of the
Carnes.
It is reported here that a Government
Survey party under J. G. Hooper and D.
A. Jones, who have a contract to survey
ail the unsurveyed townships in the high
Sierras of that section, built a signal fire
last night about one mile from Pilot Peak,
a landmark near the summit, and later
covered it with dirt and returned to camp.
A heavy wind arose In the night, scat
tered the fire over the hillside and gave it
headway before the surveyors could reach
it. This report has not been verified.
The fire is in a heavily wooded section
and the destruction of timber will be very
great.
Crockers Station, on the Yosemite road,
Is safe, but Holden and Hazel Green are
probably doomed and it is feared the
Tuolumne Big Trees will go in the great
conflagration. The tollhouse at Cranes
Flat, on the Yosemite road, is reported
destroyed. The brush is h-gh and dry and
the tire is sweeping along with awful
rapidity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SONORA. June 2S.— A forest fire is rag
ing in the mountains of Tuolumne County,
along the Tuolumne River Canyon, and
fast traveling southeast in the direction
of Merced River and the Tuolumne Big
Trees, in the vicinity of the Yosemite
road. The wall of flames is four miles
wide and .is defying the efforts of a large
army of fire fighters. The fire started
eeven miles from Crockers Station, on the
Yosemite road, and rapidly swept to the
southeast. Soldiers were sent out from
Wawona, on the southern road to the Yo
eemite, and all reached the line of fire
to-day.
Soldiers Are Dispatched From Wa
wona to Aid Mountaineers'
Efforts to Check the
Conflagration.
Holden end Hazsl Green, on
th.9 Ycsemite Road,
Are Doomed.
Fire Threatens Famous
Grove in Tuolumne
Qounty.
BIG TREES
IN THE PATH
OF FLIES
Beaumont's Big* Oil Shipment.
BEAUMONT, Tex., June 28.—For th»
first time in the history of the oil field,
and with three days of the month yet to
be reported, the month's oil shipments ex
ceed 1,000,000 barrels. The total, including
Thursday's shipments. Is 1,242,027 barrel*,
or 7365 cars.
"LONDON, June 28.— Chairman Interna
tional Sunday-school Convention, Denver,
Colo.— Many thanks «for your telegram,
which will be laid before the King. The
Queen thanks you for your kind sympa
thy. His Majesty is progressing most
satisfactorily. . . KNOLLL.YS."
In the afternoon the primary and junior
session was held, presided over by Mrs.
W. J. Semelrof of St. Louis, president of
that department. Papers concerning work
among the. children were read. Secretary
Israel P. Black of Philadelphia read his
report, which showed an increase of .five
districts and 130 unions and thirteen sec
retaries in the department since the last
triennial.
¦ The Editorial Sunday-school Associa
tion, which is composed of the various
DENVER, June 28.— The tenth Interna
tional Sunday-school Convention to-day
chose W. N. Hartshorn- of Boston chair
man of the executive committee, and the
executive committee later re-elected Ma
rion Lawrence of Toledo, Ohio, general
secretary of the association, and George
R. Merrill, p. D., secretary of the com
mittee. The ' executive committee also
appointed a committee to find a suitable
person to act as field worker among the
colored people of the South. The follow
ing cablegram was received:
Sunday-School Conven
tion Receives London
Message.
THAIS GOME
FROM A QUEEN
THE &AN FRANCISCO GALLi SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
21
ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
lifFRpOlENT
A Host Eemarkabla Remedy Tiiat
Quickly Restores Lost.Vi^or
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All WHo Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured eo many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages 10 all who write. It is a
boiae treatment, and all men who suf-
fer from any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or. emaciation of parts, can
now cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth, and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
strength and developmeut Just where it
it needed. It cures all the ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions, and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Elek-
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stat-
ing that you •Cwtire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are uii-
able to leave home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see,
hov,- easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes -will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment of publicity,
tleaders are requested to write without
delay. . I
THE EMPORIUM. | THE 3MPORITJM. I, .- THE EMPCillUM. ; .'. .-, .[ ;' "^ :'¦,, THE EMPORIUM. | , ...THE EMPORIUM. | ...;..;.. THE EMPORIUM.
I ©ommesiGmg July t ] &t, this &f®re will ®p®$d &t 8s3O m. m, instead of 8. |
\ Embroideries About Half Price and Less Cushion Top Sale Monday. %
5, Bast Qualities Cambric, Nainsook and Swiss. *^s7j^ B/^ & ' Nearly 1500 at ISo and 33 d. 5
If Mcnday we place on sale at about halj/regular prices thousands of yards V^^^ J&7^ ' ' •' 7 ' ~~-t~" — Eight Jott of attractive Cushion Tops, nearly 1500 b aH, that hare been left from recent salcsj S
tf c * n: test qualities of Cambric, Nainsook and Swiss Embroideries and Inser- * 3 Myrf d_^ fflSa^ii/M^ fo^l/^&y ¦ 0 0 1$ Mdfe^ not one in the let worth in the regular way less than 50c, a large percentage of them the 75c .J
V " c .ns in sevent) -five or more of the newest and most desirable, carefully worked patterns. The SL-^' J&0 Jr Mi * /Mjsf/B y/ II VM Jii A® J3 JaBB kind, have been divided into two lots for Monday'* >fj?0"* 53/r9iT# «*
% sets are broken; in most instances we have but three or four widths of a pattern, hence the deep M H g^-^ftfc-^ M M^g&S §^y#^#^ selling and marked ._. . . #t*O- (XSif&fUi %&mJ?1Lw
J. price cutting to close cut to-mcrrow. These embroideires range in width from 1 y t to 9 inches — V»Aric"r>DMI A>tt~l~Afer»«re-f '' M ' ' ' ¦¦ ml.. ¦¦¦¦¦' ' Atout 4°° Lithographic Cushion Tops, in oil prints and un'^ue patterns, 5 different m g% •*
it 5cand 7c Embroideries 2V>^ yard 20c and 25c Embroideries. . /4 5 yard largest? [ jer^ r^^ ss^s^ ssga9^ subjects; regularly 50c, Monday only g&C °*
I . -^s^^ 5sa8g S^ R AN CE^ T o 1
j A Leather Ladies' Handkerchief Sale. 25o Dozen Webster's if in the Basswood Hat and Stick Pins, Davefoping f
$ Suitcase. IJO dozcn Sh;cr Lawn Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, for Soap. Unabridged Country Trunk $12. sdckPks-RoHed pw or sterling silver- & Printing. *
| Chocolate color, tHmmcd .. with finc Valencicnnes lacc , onc of our bcst Ccc- Nut Oi. Ba,l Dictionary Wecan serve yon Fulllinen lined, with d'e t"' "" X Q^ Particular fl S
\ Z: vt'Zll -d most desirable IZ^C Style?; Monday only, 71 IrTor *"d Stand heavy corner bumpers, signs, etc -Utof" S^gB^ should bring their neg- . $
& io.d, W.e lock and /- / . / » Sgffto ed for hard or sal c - _ O r d e r Department steel rail on edge both Sterling i liver Stic; Pins— Novel dragon and a-v-s to U3 We will •*
S brass belts — aa-lnch, cach • ••• «*•*' water, or A n d r e w VO»MO. theBame^as though -_ lna k c designs, like p'xturs, with genuine C^,. t • ' .. S
i $7.O0 ; 2+ -inch, 2OO dozen Sheer Union Dnen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs J«gen's nicely scented Until July i«t for trTys a heavTSaps «weetwater pearls '. . . $1.25 »>«ng out all there » ia 3j
i S7 - 50! s ??A ordcdeffects ' worthIOC " chiMon -5oH r r^ ~ SS-t: I
Jf • • • • $8.00 Cay only ...«*** Monday only. . 25o deparment. logue3 . , 32-mch size. . .$12 SterHng silver ball or yacht Hat Pins. . .......... . 25o partment, second floor. 3
I House Supplies, T^C^ A^% f 4^ 4S* 4 ~ i^ * & New Popular \
5 va«es in clean', perfect merchandise. /^fc"^«^v Ivl 1T\ Oi t\ t\ WfW.T *%2 I 1 •>*!" W^\ 4 t~\ d^S "C™* H S annibal"-"tLe^T WeTmS!° r * 5
| The genuine Pequot Bleached iheets and /^vSK^^A 1 V^**O CJL 1 1C X IlPKJ^^ W I W L i 1 1 I 1 O_ «^he Cr;.»"_Wb«o7cnurchlu *
Pillow Casrs at prices that the commoner | . U«| . ' / Iff! . -— «* 4 V . ,~ .—.a "The Right of Way"— Gilbert Parker. «
| sfSf^l:::""- Vflb § isFurnidhinga. .Hats, Shoes, -5SSsa!&-.|
6 ?* h = d ,63- ln P,<;uot Sheets 5 2^c .SI^^MT "" '' ii °' r- r -,,, • "The Potur and the Clay"- Peterson. %
| 3 fJ>> Ell, / F ! fty ? dd l ° { *> comprising hundreds of men's and boys' summer weight suits, now " Ne 7. G c^2 w wktt - »
S 50-b. Bleached p^t cses," J^c. W" W 61 1 / ™ sale at discount of^ivjenty per cent from our regular prices. The Q™*arfc -o. b. Mccutcheon.
1 !v5£JS3-^5 MusIin ' fair qua ' ity> 8hc " &-=^j'!^^-^™^ re § ular P rices were as Iow as similar goods could be bought for in any other reliable Qou Collar 5
J white Hque, cross weit, neat size, yard 2oc. /Mj"^ 1 store in tne United States. • The present cut in prices, to quickly close out the short •? * 1 1 • 2
* New'z/U^Gin ham" l^T African M ff 7 "^ remaining, therefore means that you can buy these suits here at a fifth less than the regular prices anywhere 'in t/lmetica. the s^tof a new'y'ei J
K makes, yJdidc? ami ' \ * l e Mi | Mtn's $10.00 1 Spring and Summtr Suits .. $8 Men's $I.C0 Camel's Hair Underwear ... .77o Men's Hemstitched Silk Handkerchiefs .. 27o ?°?~ *
i pfiplili! fi' i'F'E-'i i : :: IPs |SSi3i®I^KSSSB^^ffi^^^^^i
» Heavy Camping Blankets, 64 inch* wide, |L < M> J en * *7.5° Outlw Suit $5.50 Men's 25c Fancy Mjco Hosiery . . . . .12#O Men's $2.50 and $3.50 Summer' She es SI OS l'u° D °°. Colhn ( rom .- - -tOo to 85o *
g white or graf, well made, pair $1.1 S . fc . , Boys' JJ2.00 Wash iailor Suits . . . ..$1.38 Men's Soft Linen Finished Handkerchiefs . . .11o Youfhs* $1.25 Fine Calf <hoes [ mCtS "* M A%* Cham CoUars, leather lined 25O to $1.OU V f j!
A DcuWe Bed White Blankets, fu'ly 6 feet wide, /if' \ JLh* - Boys' $5.00 and $6.00 Yestee5uits . ...^2.0S Boys' $7.50 Rusian Blouse Suits. . . .$4.85 Boys' $1.63 Calf Lace Shoes ' " ' * '&11O rt> ch * tba * Ened *" ' **• • • • • X
ft s lbs. weight, almost all wool, pair $2.98. MA- ; k-sgilE- i Boys' $7.50 Colored Sailor Suits. . . .$4.35 Men's $1.00 Grey Merino Underwear . . .. .72o Little Gents' $1.50 Shoes *. * * "%1ra *. **«."/ ; 4-Oo xo $2.OO X
5 Finely Filled Ccmfcrter*. clean white cotton, U^.^^^-' -,- . - n __ m.-.." — . .L *I-I» Fancy Studded Collars . .5Octo^.OO
JT hand-tufted, extra fancy knit borders, each fOT^ mBn'S attti BOVS' Slimmer HatS NOW RdlUCed 25 POP COttU Do * ChainS 20O to 75O $
5 lx.15. ~.j . ¦ . Dog Leads, braided leather or flat V
ff 200 white spreads, best 3 - P i y cotton, double / tie small lots of dozens of styles of summer hats, now reduced one-quarter. -v • • • • 25 ° to B0 ° «
§ SSS " g unS V; lit! • Men's and Bovs> Straw Hats, 34c, 57c, 75c, 94c, $u 13 , $U39, $1.50. J 5 Tt^ trufhJs H£ I
| <0ld > eacfa - • •- §S.OO I Men's $2.35 ; Pearl Fedoras.... .$1.77 Men's $3.35 Pearl Fedora,. ..... $2, 52 Men's $2.35 high crowned Derbys $1.77 Men's $3.35 roll brim Derbys. . .$2.52 5
| Good Fireworks Gfoeap. \ century c an , S r as Best, clocks-watches. Summer Necessities Und****- *
J The big store carries everything in the line of Fireworks, and nowhere els: Note Special Prices, ' . 30-Hour Nickel Alarm Y*»^*® #BF^ %J*1W97& { g
%' can the good kind These handsome Cameras embody everything rf^j C: ° ck ' 4 "' nch d ' a1 ' gUar " "^ B$r3€»!B£Sm ¦ *2
JC X /r^v, r-?=tfml^ bought for less that is new and up to date in the Camera y^^^^^V 8-Day Half-hour Cathedral Glance over ths head- \ M
*" 3«Q» A f^^i f^iV» **^?\$^iW3 money. Write or lin c We sell all of the other popular makes, #^y^j\ Go "8 Strike Clock, !' nes kej° w - If there _ g? 3 "??^ if %
% I inquire, in depart- and of the Century can honestly say that' it ¦ Wp \O) enameled iron, in gothic Jj^^J 1^ "^ *
&° ay^Sc*^?^^^"^ -HLp ZMiz^L UiCRACKERS^Bry' Fireworks Cata- Wnged wooden panels at back, adjustable !Zmi!!, ' OT !r«f,^ comp'ute the saving you [jT^m R 'x . .0 , lm( _^Rf II su*> 2
J. lOgUC, which gives focusing screens, brilliant finders and many $6e50 ™ y com ? ann S Ik x '|1 &•; J i^^^SS^SS^iSZHtf^aV^i^gJ^SrjS^ •'
V the department store prices for everything that you will need to celebrate other exclusive feature,. - The Emporium Wetch-A good . timepiece, ££ uSj hw^to^r* >-^ .^BB^IC— '^^<J^=3^^ #
ft the Fourth. Model n Century, 4x5. . . ». . . &8.8Q guaranteed for one year, not a toy or a clock, | r n <-\ fti_ t #» ? rr •- it 3*
$ We have dx different a.sor.ment, of Tu-ework, Extra Large Firecrackers, package S C Model , I A Cenmry, 4L5. . $1120 a watch . . / . .'.... . . 85C 1<X J r « m P««Wr— One of the belt lAWB t CrOqUCt-Rne sets in wood box »
£ for home display, packed especially by U3 in No. 1 Pistol Firecrackers, package. . . 1Q G Model II A Centurv cxt ' 'c/jsnn Ladies' " Hunting Case Watch-Gold filled, ™» ea^™» : "8 andqu.ck Meeting; with hmged corer- J
g - neat wooden boxes /cr the family trade. They Redheads, P :r hundred, 3 S c\ • 4S J 60c . 75c \^A VtffiSZ ' $ J 6 '°° fancy engVaving, Waltham or Elgin 7-jcwel - l « ' ' • 3 V - ' $l'l^ tfJ \"?** «« - • • .'• * . >J5O ft
$ range in price according to the number of Cannon UvcUrs, 6 different sizes, packed in Model H Century, 4x5. ... .. $17.63 movement, guaranteed . . . . .$9.85 1 ,'^ 0 4qt * * ' 92mOO «-baf painted and wnfched let . .$1.00 .^5
*T pieces in a box* and the size of the pieces; cartons, ranging in length from 4 to 10 The Ctntury <Art Catalogue, illitstrat- ¦ - ¦ - rnill icaiCS — With s.coops.and large Gas SlOVC — Range complete with oven, V.,«
J |i.oo, fa.oo, $3.50, I5.00, l 7S o and inches^ per package, » 5 c and . . . 3Sg ing and describing this lint of Cameras, 4Rf OO GtnVI»S* T8C. d«l», will wegh up to a 4 lbs } for weighing an ideal cooker and baker . . $5.BS X
$ $1U.OO Powcton Gannons- i /•* for thi ; askin t at our r *™, M «n^ &MmUU OxMOVeS /Of. groc C n« sugar and fru.t. . . . .$1.45^Flj Screens— Hardwood, adjustable ;.«
J Torpedoes, from S c to... ISo RBn hOX a^-fach barrels, iron, SO; brass . . 10o J f % ' Camira T>e P t ' ¦* fffintttiaV Onllf. Tooth PicKs— Imported Quill, all sizes, wire fly screens, wifl spread 34 inches, it v •?
$ Bomjak Repeating Marbles, 4 Tor, . . So 3^-'nch batre s, iron, 1Q G ; brasi. .35 C . . .' '. mWHMtfjr VMMIjym % wo(jd) y^hes high ; . . 25O c " J
«f $f~*Jy WOOraO«ro#»S,3p«cks.ffo ¦ 5-mch barrels, iron. 25Of brass. : 60o : 760 pairs Women's Lambskin Glovei-In breath, 6 boxes for . ...... . 25O Refrlflcratorj— Family size hardwood *
g Gold Chop Firecrackers, 2 p.cks 5 Q 6^inch barrels, irori, S Uc; brass. $1,25 Nickd-Flxicd Tsa tans* modes, bea- Toilet PapfTS-^-C rolls, good qudhy, KISS S ?
I ! Furniture and Carpet Sale. p : °" Goff °° p °<* «9°- R^§p £ffi££ Iff? f". SSo c 2ti P Y !S Z:?- T ™ Ito 1 1
$ ... ¦ '¦ •• •¦ • Another large lot of those hand«,me .J^ \^ Lemon Squeczcr-^The wood ball kind, Witch Hazel— High grade di«ffled, in i«
ffW^ t fflr^T^Tl l ickel ; pl *L ed A to 6X, stitched on the backs with neat one «me, hinged with porcelain^cup, glasJ ltoppered bottfclj g.^ . # ; jSq g
S W I 111 if Yiii if I \\\[ m I" and . Ccff < c AjlA row, either in same color >s glove or b'ack •• .••• •• •• •• • • • " ; ,*, • ? Cu:tmber and Witch Hard Cream— Dr. 3»
* gf» «^ I |?| 111 &^^J1'|%^ stiuLg, correctin.ityle.ndper.'ectinnt.in W>™ HOSC— The good kind, Lambert's, S-ox bottles 25O *
ft Uljjf \ f W ll/ jl "*WW I^V^ M o°«y only. \ 4=5^=1 &;=l/t=J a regular way with os "^1.00 F>> r » with moJt genuine rubber hose, ©o a foot; fine high SponjJeS — Genuine Mediterranean bath,
K V / 1^ 2 . Vr V I I»T I r Tak « your choice V lUr^^ stores |i.a 5 , the best glove bargain we have gradexottoa hose, foot . . . . . . SO fair «ze t £5o
a? yO^TTSEl t >^^i^^2iii^^\?-ij^^L ll Hr^-^k. S • •'*» 3 or J I f C$i\ \U offered this season; on Monday "7^-* Hose Red— Fitted with iron wheels, Haij. Brash Large size imported pure 5r
Jg ««. t a^«g -^ ing of Tete-a-Tete Gent:e- ]k Ik- _^_ - ShviltM Pi*ft*W ¦ •>' " ; • • • ? • • ? • • • • • • SOO D reSSlll8— The 2 5c Size /3 O g
5 „ - „. • L , Arm Chair ahd Ladies' *— - • *9caVMMMiJ MS MK^CSfm Large revo>ing sprinklers . . . .$1.25 Alpha Batting Caps Purs gum rnbb« 5
I ptps^^^ii'li^pl B «^f a ? aB w l" s : WMSSSU^ mm^$m$z i
g Many ollur suits and oil pieces at similar reductions. ¦"" ch ""-" ihg - w.ih u.» vt« &ch, nI c 6o t . n J a,k for Grocer p«. ,.f nth Ul4l 2S^ h 5 40^ fii me «_N n n M r,11 mr-t^T S
J ft»t hn....th »4»3O mch F re nd, b««l pit. mir,., «d p»d .«hmnd _ ' 5 __ /Z> _-?a «»«" « J E 'con1 M^tjw\ii h '«!^ OO «to«in,-»«i«-k». . Tta OtCHS-Fot- g» or oU sto»«, |
I- p^p^iMpi||^^pg^|^ un^x^pL^j^s. 1
g your choice, either oak or mahogany finish, for . .. .~. ....... . S3m9O (t^T Llvt^ -#£ # front Ion « the hand; 17 bars . . . . . . . . 50O " . . *
I If $55.00 Birdseye Maple Suit— Consisting of a Bedstead and Dresser, very artistically designed XteS" WjJ^~^ heav} Parzf/ine Wax- For sealing fruit jars and j
ft and beaut fu:iyfinishedj only two suiu left at this sp-cial price, to close. . fr5n 8 e ' passes; 1 -3b packages, Monday, 2 for Jo O J* .-V fJJ" <J* /^H J ) S
J $35.50 y^W $U25 Sa P° Ii3 - Ei -- o:h Morgan & Sons; Monday, 4 0^(1011^ \ T L^ i Oj9 1 A ) "J
$2.50 Oak Screen— Covered with figured denim in a variety of colorings, suitable -.„. — /^^ I J " My * ' •••••••••• • *^ * **^* *^ ** * 4/> 1 *©*^' 1 ) -j.-g
/or parlor or dinbg-room, to place in front of grate; marked to close at $fm35 <i=r > V Lady's" Ber.sdorf's Royal Duich Chocolate — For |^- / If Vi^a jC^ F™"*" dtfer <f
af ?!.OU lapesty carpeu — aewed, laid and lined, many patterns; dur.ng this sale, per -»-» .,.,„/• „• I • • 1 Mondav 9/7a 1 A 1* f" I «
fc* vard . Y 63C Ladlc8 Safety Bags— As in picture, to be worn Monday . . .......... . 25O f>k , |-k # 1 *DOX OT OO w
I »- 5^ H^ Porto Rico/ 5oxrfiop4£5s; I
if 75c Tapestry-Thi, week, per yard . ...'.' ¦' .' ' .* " .' \ \ \ \ * \ _ " Others at *i. S o, |a.oo, $a. S o and | 3 .oo. p %*£^Shewy-A good «'Aet? , A dein-up ale this TOk, while quantities last, of several faixly large % j*
J ./.... 5uG n '« Money Belts— As in picture, genu ; ne quality; Monday only, "gallon . . . . S5ts lots of the above popular Cigars that were left from previous sale*. They J M
X $4.03 VV00I Smyrna Rugs— S!« 72x36 inches, in a ferge variety of patterns; sale g^m tr»*% hors * hidc » with gix P ocketl • • • $t*OO' Kentucky Bourbon Whiskey— Full quart demi- are in perfect condition, and a great bargain at half regular prices. \ 5
«f price, each. .../... *p2m&O Lace Money Belts— Heavy Sheepskb . 75g Johns; Monday 75O -^->^^^^^^-^>^^' — xv^v-^v^v^wr -w^-v^i j*
Buy a Villa Site for S45 in California
IN THE PASADENA VXLLiA TRACT oJ 891 acres, which Immediately adjoins the city
limits of Los An&eles. . . ¦ ,-/
Among our purchasers are the following leading citizens! H. E. Huntingdon, vice presi-
dent of the Southern Pacific R. R. Co.; L. T. Garnsey, 'president ± ot* the Los Angeles. and
Redondo Railway Co.; W. H. Carlson, ex-U. S. Special Commissioner of Railroads of Cuba; -
Baird Bros., wholesale commission merchants; J. G. Estudillo, ex-State Treasurer; F. H.
Dlxon, ex-State Harbor ' Commissioner, and others. .•..>. • -.
We will select the best lots for non-residents.., ..
Orders by mail or. telegraph Will .be allotted, according' to . th« tfm»' received at our
office. Send money by check, bank draft, express or ¦ postal money order.
CARLSON INVESTMENT CO., 134 SOUTH BROADWAY; Los Angeles, Cal.
OUR REFERENCES: First National Bank of Los Angeles; Hon. M. P. Snyder,
Mayor; Pioneer Investment . and Trust Co.; the dall.v newspapers of Lob Angeles, oV any 1
mercantile agency.
IEXAMI™ 1 * II
¦ ¦ ~~ — — — o nations tree n
LARGEST DENTAL CONCERN IN THE WORLD. [
Open Evenings Until 9. Sundays 10 to 4. |]
1 ALL W1K PAINLESS
: AND GUARANTEED FOR TWENTY YEARS. M
Remember the name and number, as inferior dentists are copying fcj
our name and style of advertising. n
Sterling Painless Dentists,
1 997 MARKEF STREET, Cor. Sixth. H
H ¦ Bring this ad. ; Over Millinery Store. SMME. CARUSI'S MUSICAL
HISTORY READS MOST
BRILLIANTLY.
By Blanche Partington.
POPULAR ACTOR ¦WHO OPENS
. AT THE .CALIFORNIA. THEA
TER TO-NIGHT.
scant and indifferent repertoire of her in
strument, ' Mme. Carusi has arranged in
highly musical and scholarly fashion
much Bach, Handel, Mendelssohn, Liszt
and other classics for the harp— that, by
the way, I cannot but think would be to
some publisher's profit to publl3h- There
are also original compositions that
I have # not yet: seen, so cannot
speak of, and a comic opera of
the period of Richard I, titled
"The Crusader and the Saracen," and
written, composed and scored by the harp
ist. Almost finally, she plays the piano
almost as well as the harp, and lastly
outside of such little things as a large lin
gual repertoire— sings charmingly.
The dirge we had heard from the hilltop
was old Irish, and sung in the original
Gaelic. The recital included many other
such quaint old lays, "An Coulin," "Ma
Colleen dhas Cruithin na Mo," "Shule
Aroon," "Erln.O Erin"— that would read
ily be recognized by any good son of the
Emerald Isle, and all given with a keen
sympathy, strong sense of dramatic value,
and ease that mark the best in ballad
singing. The harp numbers- included the
Bach B minor gavotte (from the second
violin sonata), that lends itself admirably
to harp possibilities, the "Msnuet Celebre '
of Boccherini, some Parrish Alvars ex
amples ana much else, all. In spite of some
slight country rustiness of technique
copiously musical in tone and Interpret
tCLtion. - -
* if i ha l p !, st Carusl »s » virtuoso; and
?£,?«*.•* sInger has easily sufficient dis
™£ii? n * *° e< l ulD n a« a dozen ordinary
vocalists. Her repertoire in both depart
ments is unique, and given these quali
fications alone, Mme. Carusl should ob
vious y be much better known than she
now is, for her sake as well as ours I
must confess to learning with surprise
that the harpist had been among us for
almost two. years, and venture to think
that possbily local report is not wholly
blamable for its indifference to the fact
Perhaps there is here a little of the im
practicalness that goes with genius a
proud indolence In the art of advertise
ment, perhaps a spice of that irritable
pride of the artist unappreciated I don't
know, but it seems not unlikely. Mean
while, with curious wisdom or unwisdom
Cai ?i sl k scattering pearls- • Innumerable
to the hill winds thaf.sweep over Pled-'
mont and I— well, I have told you about it.
There are many who will learn with
regret of the discontinuance of the organ
recitals of Mr. Louis H. Eaton of Trinity
Church. Tire recitals have become of late
a considerable feature of the church life,
and were attracting many outside admir
ers of the organist's art. Last week thtJ
last of these until the autumn was given,
with the usual good programme, and th«
artistic assistance of Harry H. Barnhart.
In place of the recitals the organist will,
however, be heard In a short programme
after the Sunday afternoon services, as
used to be the worthy wont of the former
organist. Dr. H. J. Stewart. The first of
these- will be given this afternoon.
FAMOUS HARPIST WHO IS SPEND
ING THE SUMMER MONTHS IN
THE SUBURBS OF OAKLAND.
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
? N iri E * ** £ onventlon . *»* 90, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, *oin* direct ' lln<«.
returning: Vorthern Padno Railway. On aal«
July 1 and 2. good elxty day». Only requires
eix dayi for entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." is unex
celled by any other. Seeing Is believing. T
K. Stateler, general agent, WT Market sL. S. F.
In Texas superstitious people carry a
small bone from a fish's head, but thl
been l5t C ° meS a " er the cha ™ has
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call
Xornia street Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit Vio a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 Mar'- •
street. Palace Hotel building 7>i\"
Prunes stuffed with apricots. To wnsend's. #
Dr. George Ivancovich of Petaluma is at
the Grand.
J. R. Foster, a hotel man of Marysvllle
is at the Lick.
J. M. Vanwormer, a virieyardist of Fres
no, is at the Lick.
E. S. Churchill, a banker of Napa, is
registered at the Palace. ; ';'; j
Fred E. Abbott, a capitalist of Victoria,
B. C, Is at the Occidental. .
Senator R. F. Del Valle Is here from
Los Angeles and is at the Palace.
George F. Ditzler; a ' mining" man of
Biggs, is among the arrivals, at the Grand.
Bishop Moreland of Sacramento is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his daughter.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Low Excursion Bates — 11 Days' Trip.
$40 first class, including berth and meals,
San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma, Van
couver. Victoria, Everett, New Whatcom
and return, allowing passengers ample
time to go- ashore and visit the various
points of interest. For full Information
apply Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
ticket office, 4 New Montgomery street.
the pudding is in the eating. The play Is
only half the battle, and we shall see
what we shall see to-night at the Cali
fornia Theater. It is for^ that to decide
how grateful we may be for the revival.
Another novelty Jn . the . dramatic world
of the week will be— to drop from the
sublime to Fischer's— the new bill at that
amazingly popular house. .•
All "Fiddle Dee Dee-dom" is stirred to
Its depths by the announcement of the
new programme to be given for the first
to-morrow evening. The bill will
contain two burlesques proper, of
the genuine ' Weber and Fields'
brand, and that will not lose point
through local - unfamiliarity with the
burlesqued. The first, "Antony and Cleo
patra," is the Weber and Fields' notion
of royal Egypt .and her - Roman, lover,
and the second. Captain Robert Mar
shall's "A Royal Family," that charming
Annie Russell v gave us last year; also ac
cording to the same hilarious authorities.
There is a third, "Pousse Cafe," whose
title sufilces. For those who like the kind
of thing, and it has been demonstrated
that they are many, the Fischer Theater
has a neat, smart, breezy performance to
offer — some good nonsense, ¦ some fool
nonsense, but at any rate complete re
lief from thought for as many minutes as
it lasts.
ONE has been hearing much of
late of Francesca da Rimini;
of "Paolo and Francesca M ac
cording to Stephen Phillips as
given In London; of "Fran
cesca" according to Gabriele d'Annunzio
as given in Rome — with Eleanora Duse;
of the latest "Francesca da Rimini" ac
cording- to F. Marion Crawford, as given
In Paris by Bemhardt, and in our own
country of the version according to
Bcker as given by Otis Skinner. Modestly.
In the rear of the procession as usual,
comes San Francisco, with the Boker
version as edited by Lawrence Barrett, to
be given by Frederick Warde and his peo
ple at the California Theater to-night.
The production is the Otis Skinner one
that has recently met with such marked
favor In the East, and there should be a
ecEtiderable measure of success await
ing Mr. Warde's enterprise if the cast Is
at all equal to the play, and It promises
to be. ...
The character of Lanciotto It would not
surprise to find a peculiarly grateful one
to Mr. Warde, to whom naturally it falls.
The bitter cripple, "a thing by whose
comparison all Rimini holds itself beau
tiful," runs the whole gamut of human
pain and passion, and is a part to delight
the tragedian. It seems 'to me, remember
ing among other things the actor's King
Lear, that Lanciotto will come well
¦within Mr. Warde's powers, and If so,
half of this da Rimini is assured. His
brother and rival, the gallant Paolo,
gifted with all the graces Lanciotto
lacks, will be interpreted by Lawrence
Hanley, who played the same part oppo
site to Lawrence Barrett's Lanciotto.
Another powerful character fs that of the
Jester, Pepe, that will, two to one, be
•well taken care of by that clever actor,
Barry Johnstone, and Charles Herman
¦will have the part of Malatesta," also
without doubt to the benefit of the cast.
Judith Beroldo heads the feminine con
tingent of two, ft-ancesca of Rimini and
her nurse, Ritta. I have not yet the
pleasure of acquaintance with Miss
Bcroifie's work, but understand Bhe has
played the part In— vaguely, "Europe"—
•with success, and that she was for some
time leading lady with the elder Balvini.
Ritta Is to be assumed by Mr. Warde's
daughter. Miss May. The production
calls for and will have any number of
minor folk and picturesque costumes and
scenery.
Leas jrarely poetic than the Phillips
play, Boker"s %-ersion of the loves of
Paolo and Francesca is much more dra
matic, more "actablw," as those of the
craft say. Neither does It lack poetry,
many toe and pregnant lines telling the
immortal story- And the characteriza
tion Is sure and clean. If overcareful,
each portrait, with its lavish, detail,
etanfllng well out on the dark canvas.
The incident is picturesquely imagined,
and with the powerful climaxes of the
etory offers dramatic fare that 'is not
easily obtainable in these days of reg
nant comedy, and that should be com
inensurately valued. But the proof of
An idea of the vastness of the population in and around London maybe obtained from the
recently published statistics showing that there.are treated annually in the" hospitals ;of the city
about 1,967,000 patients; and it is to be borne in mind that the city is one of ttie healthiest in
the world. • ,
SINCE the throngs of visitors who filled the city last summer are to be succeeded this year
by still larger throngs, it seems evident that San Francisco is destined to become the
most popular summer convention city in the Union. It is therefore -worth while to take
' note of the rapidity with which improvements are going on in every direction and the in
creasing attractions offered to visitors. •
From the business center to the suburbs in every quarter there. is something like a-build
ing^oom under way. One can hardly walk along any important street { for half a dozen blocks
without finding the sidewalk obstructed by material for the erection of a new structure of some
kind. Hotels, theaters, office buildings, stores, shops, homes and apartment houses are risino- all
round us. Facilities for housing_ and entertaining our guests, are going to be much greater within
another year than they are to-day. When those who have heard San Francisco described by the
visiting Mystic Shriners, who have just left us, come next summer to see foi\themselves they will
find a more magnificent city than they expected. ; '
At present the improvements are being made almost wholly by private enterprise. The
'city itself beyond the steady, development of the park is doing comparatively .little. In the end,
however, the. sentiment which now moves private enterprise to the work of improvement will affect
the whole community, and San Francisco will enter upon the task of adorning herself as a
municipality. The mo.re beautiful and the more commodious are. the homes, the offices and the
theaters of the people, the more eager will they become for municipal surroundings equally at
tractive. Where there are stately and noble structures, there must be good, well-paved and
cleanly kept streets, and where such streeets are maintained 'there must in the end be ampler parks/
avenues, boulevards, gymnasiums and baths. . ¦ . .
i The era of private improvement thus gives promise of an era of . municipal improvement
that is sure, to come. Our climate and other natural advantages already give us pre-eminence
as a city of attraction to tourists, conventions. and holiday; seekers. In: the future we shall have
artificial attractions not less notable. They are bound to come. HKB
.A. X^EOPtEl BE^.XJTliF n XJl J GITY.
ON a good Sunday some two or
three weeks ago I was wan
dering In company with friends
over the foothills that stretch
their suave, brown lengths
behind Oakland. The day was per
fect; the scene— hills of. fine gold
in the foreground, a Jeweled city
shining beyond, and in the distance
dreaming Tamalpais, lifting her stately
breast to a rapturous azure sky— was In
deed well enough. • However, this is not
a climatic ecstacy, and the gently curv
ing hills, Oakland posing as an Aladdin's
valley and Tamalpais in every tone and
temper of her beauty are probably fa
miliar to you as to me. They figure here
merely as the highly, effective setting of
a little pastoral symphony I came In for
on this particular day.
We first became startllngly aware of it
during one of those little, sudden rifts
that occur in conversation, aware of a
strange, new graciousness added to the
landscape, of a vivid flush of human
beauty that transformed the scene into
its simple setting. Stealing up from the
heart of a little canyon below came the
. soft wail of a woman's voice, crooning,
to a few wild and mournful chords, the
plaintive measure, of some ancient dirge.
With exquisite fitness the unknown min
strel was accompanied by a harp, played
evidently by mysterious artist hands. The
voice, also, was that of a cultivated
singer, and sympathetic in highest de
gree; the song, as we listened silently,
heard to be in some soft, foreign tongue
.to which none of us held the key. Who,
or what, could . be the invisible musician
or musicians? Some wandering Mignon
arid Lothario? Some sweet old ghosts of
dark centuries gone? Some modern ban
shee wailing the coming death of an ex
ile from Erin?— for anything, everything
seemed possible amid such surroundings.
.. Of course, it wasn't anything of the
kind, yet the romance of the story still
held neatly together when we discovered
its solution. It seemed that this was to
be the surprise of the day's programme,
these wild notes the foretaste of a pleas
ure to come later. The. singer was lime.
Inez Carusl, the harpist also lime. Carusi,
whom the Tivoleans learned to admire Ia3t
year, and whom Anton Seidl 1 of revered
memory held to be, the first harpist in
America. A friend of some one of us,
who had learned of her woodland retreat,
the harpist-singer had graciously con
sented to adorn the day with her songs.'
Accordingly, later, we made our way to
the embowered' cottage where Carusi
Mrs. Albrecht' In private " Ilfe-4ia3 "en
sconced herself for the summer. . Thero
we were hospitably treated to a pro
gramme that- was a genuine delight tri a
scene that enhanced the pleasure a hun
dred fold, with • vita ' roses, overarching
trees and shaded- veranda, where sat the
musician with her beautiful- instrument.
Mme. Carusi is that kind of harpist that
the butcher of the ferryboats labors so
strenuously to efface the belief In. She is
an artist, the best we have had here to
my knowledge.- Her musical history read3
brilliantly. She was long with Anton
Seidl in the Philharmonic Orchestra of
New York as solo harpist. She played in
a series of forty concerts with the Ga
briel of the pianoforte, Paderewski. She
was with Damrosch in tha Symphony Or
chestra of New York, with Grau also at
the Metropolitan Opera-house, with that
delightful danseur of the conductor's
stand, "Eddy" Strauss, and many others
of lesser fame. ' > . .
Further, Inevitably dissatisfied with the
REPORTS from Washington that President Roosevelt intends to signalize the passage of
the Philippine civil government bill by a proclamation of amnesty to political prisoners
in the islands have been read with gratification by all who desire the establishment- of
¦.-,-• genuine peace between ourselves arid the Filipinos. War and harsh, measures. can "make
a desert and call it peace," but peace itself can be brought to any part of the earth' only by the
exercise of justice and liberality.
Doubtless the administration has good reason for making the grant of amnesty dependent
upon the passage of the Philippine bill, and yet there would have been a fuller satisfaction were
it known the grant would be made whether the bill passed or not. The publication of amnesty at
Manila on July Fourth would make so notable and pleasing a feature of the celebration of the day
in that part of the world that no chances should be taken of missing it. Moreover as we are strong
enough to treat the Filipinos with more leniency than Spain could afford to do, our greater power
imposes upon us a greater responsibility, and we can well afford to be liberal and merciful to a
weak foe without haggling about terms..
Fortunately there is little or no occasion for fear of the defeat. of the civil government bill.
Washington authorities are agreed it will be passed in time for the proclamation -to be made on
Independence Day. Along with the proclamation will go another declaring the existence of peace
in the islands. Military rule will give place to civil government throughout the archipelago ex
cept in those localities where the population continues to be dangerously hostile to American
occupation. That means the islands are about to enter upon a new phase in their history and the
people are to have the opportunity of a new development.
It is not worth while to speculate as to what results will follow. Japan affords a proof
that oriental races can adapt themselves to the new civilization which the nations of the, Occident
are spreading over the world, while India stands as a warning .that some oriental races are not
changed by the contact of western civilization. Whether the Philippines are to continue stagnant
Jike India or progress like Japan is too complex a problem to be solved at this time. Two
things are clear— Japan has made progress while retaining independence; India has not accepted
progress though forced upon her by conquest. From those facts it seems reasonable to conclude
that if we are to promote civilization among the Filipinos the less we rely upon the sword the
better it will be. AmnesTy is not only a matter. of liberality, but of policy. It is gratifying to
know it is to be proclaimed. . *
-AJUCISTESTY I3ST THE FKCIUjIFFIJSTES.
ONCE more the popular and familiar misreading of Shakespeare's line," "One touch of
nature makes the whole world kin," finds an. illustration of its truth. Shakes
peare did not mean that sympathy with the sorrow of another is the touch that makes
: the kinship of the world, but the universality of the sympathy among civilized men
with the British people as they wait and watch for bulletins from the bedside of their suffering
King proves that after all that is the true bond of kinship. Nothing else draws men ,so near to
gether or manifests so keenly the essential unity of human nature. ' •
Had Edward gone to his coronation radiant in health and strong in the pride of his power
and station to receive the symbols of his sovereignty over the greatest empire the world has
known, he would not have had anything like the universal good will that is given to him in the
suffering and danger that have befallen him. Had* this been for him a week of triumph and
splendor there would have been voices of criticism all round him, and the very congratulations
sent to his throne would have been formal, conventional and in many, cases insincere. Now all
criticism is hushed. There is no insincerity in the "messages that are carried to his sick room, no
coldness in the feelings of the hearts of those who in every part of the globe wait to hear the latest
bulletins from his physicians, longing for good news. "*
The feeling of widespread sorrow is not due wholly to the fact that the sufferer is a King
and an Emperor; and that a mighty nation is mourning in the dread that its sovereign may be
summoned to death almost at the very hour that was fixed for his coronation. Much has been
awakened by the personal character of . Edward himself. From the beginning of his career he
has been noted for the geniality and all comprehending sympathy of his disposition. Few men who
have lived conspicuously in the public eye have had such a ready willingness to fraternize with
almost every, kind and class of men. Edward has been esteemed by statesmen and scholars,
among whom are some of his sincerest friends, and at the same time he. has been popular with the
masses. He has delighted to share in all the sports/games and amusements of his people. The
literary men of London have ever counted him as one of the most genial guests welcomed at the
receptions of the Savage Club. To foreigners of. distinction he has been the most cordialhost in
England. His welcome has been liberal in every meaning of the word, and men of every country
have shared in it. ',-¦-¦':.
A man of such varied sympathies could not fail in any walk of life to have a large following
of warm personal friendships, and Edward, by reason of his. high station, has attracted perhaps a
larger circle of such friends than any other man of our time. In almost every city of note in the
world there is some man or woman who has met him and liked him. These people are now bear
ing, their testimony to his worth and sorrowing in his illness. With their feeling mingles
that of the masses — the common human sympathy going out to any one. who lies at the dread
portal of death.
In the crisis in which the King lies the scales of life and death are so evenly balanced
that the physicians who attend him dare not speak with assurance of' his recovery. Of late the
bulletins have been encouraging to the hopes of his people. Americans can readily recall how but
a short time ago they passed through a like- period of suspense while President McKinley strug
gled for life, and they can therefore more keenly than any other people sympathize with the
British in this juncture. Reports from other countries, however, show that all nations share the
sympathy. From every part of the globe prayers, heartfelt and solemn,, will arise to-day for the
health of Edward' that he may live to enjoy for many years a happy and beneficial reign over a
prosperous empire.
KZIltfG- EID-V7"^.I^ID'S ILLNESS.
THE SAN FBAaSrCISCOCALIi, SUNDAY, JrUNE 29, 1902.
THE. SAM FRANCISCO CALL.
JOHN p.SPRECKELS,-' Proprietor- - AddressXommunications to W. S.LEAKE,- Manager
SUNDAY ............. ...... i. ............................. JUNE 29, 1902
Publication Office.^.... ................................. <t^|§|§&> ....... '. V. Mar k»t and Third S. F
By Guisard.
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI"^
PRODUCTION TO BE
A FINE ONE.
22
W '""™'i dTj¥M • •>¦»"•» urn
%~i i ii ¦ ¦¦ i 1 1 1 1 mi ¦ ¦¦ i ¦ ¦*
I Makes Skins Lighter, Clearer, Parer
| ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
• B Tbe dear, firm complexion of youth
m is coaxed back" by Anita Cream.
1 Applied at night and removed In
H ll nc ™ ornl ni7. thus imparting the full
5j benefits of its medicinal nature Re-
M S. ove ? Tan - Freckles. Muddinesa.
H Pimples. Moth and Liver Spots.
¦ Directions with each Jar. 60c of
| druggists or of us, prepaid.
I ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
y Los Angeles. Cal.
Ladies' Writing Desk, ]\
with drawer, mirror and i
convenient pigeon holes, J
mahogany finish, $5.95.
Entire houses, flats ana h.,- \
lets furnished. Credit and
free delhery within ioo
f miles. %
T. BRILLIANT '
FURNITURE CO.
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square. *English Tennis Championship.
Fifth race ; mile and a sixteenth, purse — Salve
won Wax Taper second, Beccleuth third. Time,
1:53%.
Sixth race, mile and three-eighths, selllntr —
W. B. Gates won. Audiphone second, Wallabout
third. Time. 2:29%.
Seventh race, seven furlongs — Tlckfui won.
Sweet 'Dream second, Pharoah third. Time
1:32. ' ¦ •
Fourth race, the Country Club steeplechase,
about two miles — Very Light won. Terra In
cognita second, Kid McCoy third. Time,
4:43%.
' Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling
— Menace won, Mr. Pomeroy second, Ida Pen
zance third. Time. 1:52%.
ST. LOUIS, June 28. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, six furlongs — Ed Layson won,
Fore arid Aft second, Model Monarch third.
Time. 1:18.
Second race, six furlongs — Lynch won. Flop
second, Trauer third. Time. 1 :18i/4.
Sixth race, quarter of a mile — Populist won.
Silver Dick second, Queen T third. Time,
:22M.
Fourth race, mile and a furlong— Straggler
won. Ulloa second, Llzzella third. Time| 1:55.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, over hur
dles — Mistleton won. Coley eecond, Aurlffera
third. Time. 2:05%.
Third .race, seven furlongs — Katie Walcott
won. Fndolin second. The Scot third. Time;
1:20:
BUTTE, Mont., June 28. — Summary:
First race, six and a' half furlongs — Dawson
won. Nanon second, Joe K third. Time, 1:22.
Second race, mile — Nellie Forest won, Lena
second. Ned Dennis third. Time, 1:42}&
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Drummond won,
Maria Bolton second, Filibuster third. Time,
1:28%.
DENVER. June 28. — Overland Park races
postponed to-day on account of rain.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Star Cot
ton won. Ed Adack second,' Marlon Lynch
third. Time. 1:56.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Stuyve won. Hero
diate second. Geyser third. Time, -1:10' 3-5.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth — Peat won.
Satin Coat second. Cherished third. Time,
1:56 3-5.
BUFFALO. N. Y., June 28.— Fort Erie* re
sults :
First race, seven furlongs — Araxes won, An
derson second, Ringleader third. Time, 1:28%.
Second race, five furlongs — Not Wisely won,
Onyx second, Jakko third. Time, 1:03.
Third race, six furlongs— Young Henry won,
Prex Gus second. Clorita third. Time. 1:13.
Fourth race. mile ; — Wire In won, Frank Me-
Kee second, Huntressa third. Time. l:4O 1 ,4-
Fifth race, mile' and a sixteenth— Senator
Beverldge won, Dubois second, Lady of the
West third. Time, 1:47%.
Third race, mile and a furlong, Oakwood
handicap — Aladdin won, Six Shooter second,
Rose Tree third. Time. 2:02 3-5. -.
First race, mile and twenty yards— Corrigan
won, Vulcain- second, Talpa third. Time, 1:49;
Second race, five furlongs — Nick Welles won,
Top Soil second. Long Island third. Time.
1:04 3-5.
Fourth race, the Advance stakes, all ages;
mile and a half — Gold Heels won. Advance
Guard second, Art Smith third. Time, 2:33.
Fifth race, the Beacon steeplechase, full
course — George W. Jenkins won. Rowdy sec
ond. Rising Sun third. Time, 5:12..
Smh race, mile and a sixteenth, on' the turf,
selling — Numeral won. Jack Demand second,
Alack third. Time. 1:49 3-5.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Washington Park re
sults:
Third race, the Great Trial stakes, $20,000,
for two-year-olds; six furlongs — Irish Lad, 122
(Turner), 12 to 1, won; Mizzen. 120 (BuUman),
« to 5. second; Martie Lewis, 125 (Odom), 15
to 1, third. Time, 1:14. Golden Maxim,
Whitechapel, Prediction. Artvia. Charles El
wood, Whorler, Mexican, Hurstbourne and Aa
tarita also ran.
Second race, high-weight handicap; six fur
longs — Operator won, Highlander second,
Wealth third. Time, 1:14.
The start was good. Golden Maxim, be
ing first to show, with Whitechapel sec
ond and Artvls third. Mizzen was fourth
and immediately went to the front and at
the end of the first furlong had a lead of
a length over Hurstbourne, which was
one-half a length in front of Golden
Maxim. After the field came thundering
along Mizzen had increased his lead to a
length and a half. The other, positions
were about the same. As the horses made
the bend at the head of the stretch Miz
zen still showed in front. Golden Maxim
was second and HurStbourne was third,
dropping back with every stride.
At the furlong pole from the stretch
Irish Lad began to close, coming from
sixth place to third in a few strides. One
hundred yards from the wire Bullman
went to the whip on the favorite, and,
although he responded gamely to tho
Urging of his rider, he was no longer able
to retain the lead, as" Irish Xad was run
ning much the easier of the two. Turner
was hard at work on him, and after a
furiousi drive Irish Lad lowered Mizzen's
colors by half a length. Mizzen beat
Martic Lewis, which was under a drive
all the way. Whitney & Duryea; pur
chased Irish Lad from J. F. Madden on
the 20th inst. It was rumored they paid
515,000 for him. Results:
First race, for two-year-olds, selling; five
and a half furlongs — Warte Nicht won. Right
and True second, . Joe Cobb third. Time,
1:07 3-5.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Irish Lad, run
ning under the colors of Whitney & Dur
yea. won the Great .Trial stakes of $20,000'
for two-year-olds to-day at Sheepshead
Bay. Jockey Nash Turner rode the winner,
which Was quoted at 13 to 1 in the bet
ting. He defeated the best twd-year-olda
of the year. Mizzen was at all times a
consistent favorite, with Golden Maxim
second choice at 5 to 1, while the Keene
colt, Whitechapel, was third choice at 6
to 1, the other prices ranging from' 12 to
100 to 1.
Runs for the First Time in the
Colors of Whitney & ,
Duryea.
Defeats a Field of. the
Best Two-Year- Olds
Cleverly.
IRISH LAD WINS
TRIAL STAKES
New Motor Cycle Record.
LONDON, June 28.— Victor Rigald cov
ered a mile on a motorcycle at Plymouth
in 1:37, lowering the world's standing
start by eight seconds.
KEW YORK, June 28. — Harvard won the
deciding baseball game in the series between
its team and Yale to-day, defeating the New
Haven boys on the Polo Grounds. Score:
R. H. E.
Yale 5 5 3
Harvard 6 0 6
Batteries — Garvin and "Winslow; Clarkson and
Milne.
Harvard Nine Pef eats Yale.
The races will consist of twenty-four
harness and forty-eight running events.
Special purses for trotters: 2:30 class,
$1200; 2:20 class $1000; 2:15 class, $1000; pac
ing: 2:25 class,' $1200; 2:18 class; $1000; 2:13
class, $1000. All heats are to be three In
five. Horses not winning one in four are
to go to the stable, but to retain their
standing in the race. Liberal purses are
offered for the other harness events and
will be announced before August L The
purses in the running races and the con
ditions are the same as last year. From
present appearances the coming fair will
be a record breaker.
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— At a meeting
of the State Board of Agriculture to-day
the premium- list was placed at $20,000.
This Is $3000 more than last year. Poultry
exhibits will include all classes of. birds,
which will make 125 classes. Professor
Carlyle of Wisconsin was elected Judge of
livestock and Charles H. Bewax judge of
poultry. The dairymen's convention and
the butter-makers' contest will be held
here during the fair.
STATE FAIR DUtECTOBS
OFFE& BIG PREMIUMS
Nearly the whole Corinthian Yacht Club
fleet lay at anchor last night off Sausa
lito. Among the yachts were the flagship
Edna, the sloops Emma, Speedwell, Har
poon, Genesta, Cupid, Aeolus, Truant,
Freda and Presto, and the yawls Spray,
Arcturus and Frolic.
The breeze lasted until about 6 in tne
evening and then fell fiat, the last yachts
to arrive being towed to their anchorage.
At about 9 o'clock Dr. T. L. Hill an
nounced from the stage In the main hall
of the San Francisco Yacht Club house
the purpose of the gathering, and Commo
dore E. F. Sagar of the Corinthian Yacht
i Club in a neat speech handed over, the
Perpetual Challenge cup to the winners.
Commodore R. S. Bridgeman received
the trophy on behalf of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. The crew of the Challenger
were presented to the audience and W.
G. Morrow spoke of the race which won
the cup. Captain F. R. Cook of the sloop
Harpoon was brought up on the stage and
A. J. Treat made an amusing and clever
speech. Songs by Hoxie and Frank W.
Thompson and a recitation by "Doc" Em
mons brought the Informal Drogramme to
a close. , *
Corinthians Cruise Over to San Fran
esco Yacht Club and Take Part
in Informal Jinks. -
PRESENT CHALLENGE CITP
TO SUCCESSFUL SAILORS
McFad'dcn is the only man who can
solve the mystery of his bad showing.
His trainers are as much in the dark
as N are ¦ the . spectators as to McFadden's
utter collapse.
The match with Gans was never to Mc-
Fadden's liking. He came West to. fight
Britt, who had just left the amateur
ranks. Between tlie time McFadden left
the East and his arrival here this match
had fallen through and Gans had been
substituted -for Br!tt. McFadden was
furious when he found the turn affairs
had taken. He knew Al Herford's
colored' champion was his master and
wanted none of his gamo.
McFadden was finally prevailed upon to
sign to meet Gans. He went through his
training in a perfunctory manner, with
out ambition or Interest, his heart not be
ing in his work. When he entered the
rirg he seemed dull and listless. He was
like a man in a trance. After tlie fight had
gone one round Referee Wand wanted to
stop it, but McFadden's seconds told him
to Jet it. continue. .......
For an hour after the fight McFadden
could hardly speak. He had to be shaken
roughly to get a word out of him. In
the language of the street,- he -is "all in."
' The management' of the : Hayes Valley
Athletic -Club made a grandstand play
yesterday; refusing to pay the fighters
their share until it waa clearly shown
the fight was not a fake. As they laid
the foundation for the fiasco by making
so bad a match, they cannot .consistently
1 ptmlsh Gans, who came here from the
East and caried out his part of the con
tract to the- letter. ......
Al Herford deposited $1000 yesterday
and agreed to forfeit this amount, to
gether with' his share of the purse, if any
proof was forthcoming that there was any
collusion between the fighters.
The total gate receipts were only $3200.
Of this amount the lighters' share was
$1600. This was divided, . 60 per cent to
the winner and 40 to the loser.
There is not the slightest possibility of
the fight being a "fake" in the sense of
being prearranged. It was simply an un
fortunate match, which looked well on
paper, only to prove a fizzle when the
men faced one another in the ring.
Tho Gans-McFadden fight at Wood
ward's Pavilion on Friday night has left
a tad impression in the minds of -the
men who attend these exhibitions.
vestigation.
Fighters' Share of Purse la
Withheld Pending In-
McFadden's Miserable
Showing With Gans
Inexplicable.
BOXING RECEIVES
A BAD SETBACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
PARIS, June 2S.—S.- F. Edge", an Eng
lishman, won the James Gordon Bennett
cup in J the automobile^ contest, reaching
Inn^pruck, Austria; ahead of his French
competitors.
Edge Wins Automobile Race.
PARISH June.: 28.— William IC Varider^
bill's Nettie, ridden by J. j Rein* , was third
in' tho Prix B6.1s d'Arcy at' the St. Cloud
meeting to-day. Mr. Vanderbilt's' Cleo
patra was not placed in. another" race.
Vanderbilt's Horse Third.
Tennis Championship Postponed.
PHILADELPHIA, June 28.— Miss
Marian Jones of Nevada, winner of the
women's' national tennis championship,
met Miss Bessie Moore, the present cham
pion, to-day, and after winning one set
by a scare of 6 to 2 and being 1—0 in the
second" get was prevented from winning
Big Harness Sale.
$9 00 will. buy a good buggy harness. 13
per cent off Wednesday and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin street,
opposite City Hall. / •
.¦ Class ; reserve— A. R.'. Curtis* Miranda.- beat
Aeneid' Kennels' May, Morning; 4-2; J. Regan's
Menlo Prince beat P. M. Clarksbn's" Flower of
Goia 10-U;' P. "M. Clarkson's Prompto - beat
W. Cairh's Gold Ore; 3-0; A: McLebd's' Money
Musk* a bye,' Shadow withdrawn; J. Shea's Bel
fast beat • P. J. s Horgan's MagnHla, 19-13;
Aeneid Kennels' , Matters ¦ Much beat W.
RamrhfoTlllle R.9-8; P. Mi Clarkson's Miss
Second round— Highstepper beat Real Affect
ed, 6-3; Melrose beat Una>7-2: Advance Guard
beat Arbacus, 3-2 ; Lawrence beat East lake,
8-6."- ¦ ¦ ¦ , .' .
Third round— Melrose 'beat Highstepper, 7-4;
Advance' Guard beat' Lawrence, 3-2. •
Deciding course— Advance" Guard beat Mel
rose, 5-4.
Reserve stake — P. Doyle's* Hlghstepper beat
W. C. de B. Lopez's 'Chester, 14-5; M. Grady's
Real Affected beat J. L: Ros3* Creswlck; 17-3;
"W. Calrtfs Melrose beat J. C. Talbot's Lady
Glanmire; 22-2; B. "Geary's Una beat . Pasha
Kennels' Rustic Anna; U-5; J. F. Roger's Ar
bacus beat J. L.-Ross' Game Bird, 8-2; P. C.
Blick's Advance Guard beat Pasha Kennels'
Real Lassie,". 8-5; "W. Cairn's Eastlake'beat J.
McCormick's Freestone, 21-10;; Pasha' Kennel?'
Lawrence ' beat, G. Coombs' Rustic Arbor, 3-0.
In the special "stake to-day Flying Fox
is first choice, at 2&to'l. -Narcissus and
Vandal are at 4 to 1, Tralee Boy" 5; Ire
land and Cloudburst 6, Wedgewood, Ru
ral Artist, Sir Pasha and Fontenoy 8.
Motto and Prompto are at 4 to 1 in the
class reser\'e stake. The detailed results
of yesterday's running, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Belle Free, a greyhound puppy by Fet
ter Free-Daisy v Belle, owned by W.
Raught of Sacramento, furnished the sen
sation yesterday, at Union Coursing Park.
The bettors laid 4" to 1 against her in a
course with K. Geary's Fenii. To the
surprise of everybody, the up-country
greyhound led and beat Fenii pointless.
Her work was of so high a class that
she was at once installed one of the stake
favorites. She is a litter sister to Silver
Heels, winner of the Belle Brandon stake.
These seem the; roost promising young
dogs now before the public and will be
factors in this year's Futurity stake. '¦
The reserve stake which was concluded
yesterday was won by the greyhound Ad
vance Guard. Melrose was : tne runner
up. The score in the deciding course was
5 to 4. -—
Strong Entry List for the Meeting
of Golden Gate Park Driving
Club at Vallejo.
The members of Golden Gate Park
Driving Association anticipate a great
day's sport at their trotting meeting, to
be held in Vallejo on July 4. The entries
in the various classes follow:
2:40 class, purse $150 — H. "W. Miller's Prin
cess Irene, V. J. Guinasso's Walter Wilkes, M.
M. Donnelly's Kitty D.. J. G. Culcello's Pedro,
Dr. McLaughlln'3 Bondy C.
2:30 class, purse |150— G. L. Swett's "Velma,
F. Gotnmet's Verona, H. Shottler's Echora
"Wilkes. J. G. Culcello's Bay Rum, S. Spraguea
Clara L.
2:20 class, purse $150— S. G. Culcello's Gaff
Topsail, M. M. Donnelly's Mack, J. O* Kane's
Al Sandy. H. "W. Miller's Lady Falrose, D.
Mizner's Sable Le Grande.
Vallejo road race, purse $100 — B. Best's Doa
Pedro. T. Smith's May Girl, J. "Weir's Pansy
"W, W. Devlin's Teddy, T. Ryan's Phallas; X.
Burke's unknown.
AMATEUR REINSMEN
TO RACE AT VALLEJ0
K Sacramento Coursing
Man Surprises Bettors
at Union Park.
PROMISING HOUND
IS DEVELOPED
Home runs — Doyle, Casey. Three-base hits—
Unglaub, Nordyke, Rellly." Hogan. Sacrifice
hit— Shugart. First base on errors — Sacra
mento I, 1 San v Francisco 4; First basis on called
balls — Oft Thoma3 j 1, oft Glendon 1 2: Lef t on
bases — Sacramento 5, San Francisco 6. Struck
out— By Thomas 2. HJt -by pitcheir-Hogan,
Shay. Doiible^plnys — Casey to Eagan to Ung
laub to Eagan; Hogan to Casey; Shay to Shu
gart to Nordyke. Passed ; ball^ — Leahy. Time
of game— One hour and 45 minutes. Umpire—^
O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento ......2 0 0 1 0 0 0 1'2— 6
Base hits. .3 0 0 2 0;0 0 2 2 0
San Francisco. . ..111-03 31 0 x 10
Base hits... ....1 2 2 02 4' 2 1 x 14
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B
Nprdyke, lb .4. 4 3 1 10 0 0
Parrott. r. t 5 0 2 0 4 0 0
Leahy, c ....5 1 2 0 1 0 0
Shay, b. s 4 2 1 0 2 6 0
Shugart, 2b. 3 0 1 0 3 4 0
McHale, 1. f..: 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Delmas, c. f ..4 1 2 0 : 3, 0' 1
Reilly, 3b 4 2 2' 0 2 0 0
Glendon, p...... .... 4 01 0 0 0;0
¦ Totals/... 37 10 14 ~1 27 10 "l
\ RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle.'l. I 5 1 2 '0 1 10
Casey, 2b 4 2 1 0 2 5 2
Eagan. lb.. 5 0 1 0 10 1 1
Sheehan, 3b 40 1011 0
Unglaub. s. s 4 0 1 0 5 5 0
StricKlett. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hogan, c 3 2 1 0 3 2 1
Morrow, 1. f 4 1 2 0 1 0 0
Thomas/ p 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 30 6 0 0 24 15 4
; SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, June 28.— Playing su
perb ball at all stages of the game, ma
terially aided by the errors of their oppo
nents, coupled with timely hitting when
hits were most needed, won again for the
Ponies in one of the hardest sticking
games of the season. When Doyle came
to the bat for the first time he landed
hard on the ball, sending it against the
back fence for a home run. Casey, who
folJowed him to the bat, sent a home run
to the" same locality. Manager Fisher has
protested all the games of this week's
series on the ground that Harris is play
ing Parrott, who, he contends, belongs to
the Sacramento team. Score:
at Sacramento.
Doyle and Casey Prove Hard Hitters
TWO HOME RTTlTS.
The first annual smoker of the Inter
state Coursing Club will be held next
Wednesday evening. It will be an invi
tation affair and an Interesting time is
expected, ' ' —
Brummel beat Chlarlnl Bros.* Gambit, 24-8:
E. ¦ Thuenels' Black Cloud beat Chlarinl Bros.'-
Cosette, 3-2; F. A. McComb's Motto beat J. J.
Edmonds' Go On, 4-0; M. C. Delano's Consort
beat M. Nealon's Aeneas, 6-2: J. F. Rogers'
Glaueus beat J. Oharlton's Countess, 8-0; P.
J. Horgan's Peerless beat J. Seggerson's Algte
McDonald; 3-0;. A. R. Curtis' Orlando beat E.
Geary's Awal'n Laioa, 10-9; W. J. Leonard's
Tom Hurllck beat J. Hurley's Alfalfa. 6-0; J.
Seggerson'a Gold Hill beat O. Zahl's Miss Wil
son. 7-0; J. McCcrmlDk's Sir John beat C. O.
Peterson's Lady Nellie. 4-2; J. Regan's Flora
Belle beat Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Girl. 4-0;
A McLeod's Pure Pearl beat T. Jolley's Little
May, 6-2; W. Raught's Belle Free b«at E.
Geary's Fenli, -6-4; T. Maher's Piker beat A.
R. Curtis' Nestor, 5-3; Chlarini Bros.' Whita
Hat beat T. Sullivan's Vagrant, 11-7; J. Hur
ley's Sugarcane beat p. J. Horgran's Partial
Eclipse, 8-6; J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory
beat Kelly & Hanksy's Fearful Ship, 7-5; J.
Charlton's Charming Thought beat P. C.
Bllck's Alan-a-Dale. 21-3. .
an almost certain victory because of th«
sudden illness of Mis3 Moore, who
almost Insisted that Miss Jones won tho
championship by default, but the latter
asked that the match be carried over
until Monday. Miss Jones* , play was far
superior to that of her opponent, and she
looked like a certain winner. Summary
of other events: Championship round,
ladles' doubles— Miss Jones and Miss At
kinson beat Miss Marchbanks and Mis*
Closterman 6— 2, 7—5. Mixed doubles-
Miss Moore and Mr. Grant beat Miss
Rastall and Mr. HoskinsK— 2. 6—1,
First base on errors — Oakland 1. Los Angeles
1. First base on called balls— Oft Schmidt 2
off Jones 2. Left on bases— Oakland 8, Los An
geles C. Struck out— By Schmidt 4, by Jones 1
Double play — Gorton to Streib. Wild pitch-
Schmidt. Time of game — One hour and 50 min
utes: Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
„ t , ¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mchlcr, 2b 4 0.0 2 12 1
Lohman, c 3 0 0 1 4 4 1-
Streib. lb 4 0 0 0 12 . O ol
McCreedie, r. f 4 0 2 0 1 0 O
Devereaux, 3b 4 0 2 0 1 3 O
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 0 0 1 2 0 0
Francks. s. s 4 0 1 0 3 3 0
Gorton, c. f 40 0 0 2 2 0
Schmidt, p 2 0 0 0 1 10
¦ Totals 33 0 5 4 27 15 1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.;E.-
Toman, b. s. ......... 4010441
Lawler, r. t 4 0- 20 0 0 0
Jackson. 1. f 4 1 1 0 4 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 0 0 1 5 0 0
Reilly, 53b. 3 0 0 0 10 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 2 0 4 4 O
Roach, c 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb 2 O 10 8 0 0
Jones, p 3 0 2 0 0 2 0
Totals 32 1 0 1 2T 10 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
Base hits 2 1 1 12 0 1 1 0— J)
Oakland ....0 0 0' 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base' hits 0 10 0 0 0 2 0 2 5
OAKLAND.
On several occasions both teams came
within an ace of making- runs, but' some
thing always happened. Oakland was
continually in the game and liable to
shove a man to the finish at any moment.
The eighth and ninfh were the most
dangerous moments for tHe Angels. In
the eighth Jones gave his first base on
balls to Schmidt, who was forced at sec
end by Mohler. Mohler stole second and
then third, while Lohman took a pass.
Gorton had already been put out and it
was all up to Streib, who ended the fin©
chance by flying out to Householder.
The ninth capped the climax of the ex
citement. McCreedie flew out to first.
Devereaux singled to left. Dunleavy hit
a fly to the farther corner of center,
which Householder smothered by a great
run. Francks singled over "second, and it
locked like at least one run. Gorton, how
ever, was" not equal to the emergency and
hit an easy one to Jones, who threw to
Hanlon, and the Oakland pipe went out'.
The light hitting did not affect the bat
ling average of McCreedie, who hit out
two singles out of four times at bat.
Toman made the only Angel mistake by
throwing Schmidt's easy grounder over
Hanlon's head in the sixth. After the
first Oakland's error column was immacu
late. The score;
The first round produced the lone run
of the day. Toman started the fracas by
striking out. Jackson laid down a pretty
bunt and beat the throw to first. House
holder lined a hot drive at Mohler, who
failed to hold the ball and Jackson landed
on second. . He got mixed up between sec
ond and third and finally reached the last
station* on'Lohman's bad throw. Reilly
walked, filling the bases. Raymer shot
a single over second, which put Jackson
over the route with the only run. House
holder was caught at the plate on Gor
ton's accurate throw."
Reilly*s turn came last and he had the
talisman.- It was a wonder and it de
livered the goods. Reilly | told them tc
watch him, and so he arrived at the
grG»ynds : with the luxurious bunch
chopped' off the high end of his speaking
tube. The team marveled and said kind
things to Reilly for his wise thought,.
Everything went the way of the south
erners ana they won out 1 to 0, so Reilly
has at last hit upon the plan to make the
jLos Augeles team win. Hq was the only
man lii the league to sport hair on ' his
face, and now tnat it is gone the Angels
&ay the pennant is theirs.
It was a great game. Schmidt and
Jones again threw against each other, and
this time Schmidt ran second. Both men
showed great control and cleverness and
kept the gray matter in their thinking
machines working to the limit. Schmidt
was hit harder than his opponent, but
managed to keep the hits scattered. Al
though allowing nine safe singles, only
one lone run resulted.
Jones kept shoving them over the mid
dle of the rubber, but had a mysterious
something which the leaders never could
get real wise to. Until the seventh inning
McCreedie's single was the total amount
of Oakland's batting. In the seventh it
looked ripe for an Oakland run, but Jones
retired the side with two singles.
The Angel tossera were up against the
crisis yesterday in their wanderings. It
began to look bad for them. They had
reported' to many grafts, such as the old
time horseshdV dodge, the proverbial rab
bit's foot hunch and several others which
uteered them wrong. iSvery man was
called upon to float a new one which
would win the game, arid they all passed
it up but Reilly.
Oakland Fails to Connect
Safely at Critical
Momenta
Jones Outpoints Schmidt
ih'aWell Played
Contest.
ANGELS SCORE
ONCE AND WIN
LONDON, June 28.— The final tie in the
contest for the All-England tennis cham
pionship was played at Wimbledon. . H.
Doberty beat G. H. Ritchie by 3 to 0.
Doherty will meet A. W. Genje, the holder
of the title, June 30.
23
[RUPTURE CURED. I
1 ., ¦¦•'¦ - ' : -¦¦¦ :¦ • • •
9 - — -— ¦ . ..y rT ¦
% 20,000 PERMANENT CURES. |
t — -— — — r _ . r~ %
S Why suffer continual pain and discomfort with ©
% daily risk of DEATH wh?n we offer a safe, certain, g
g painless, permanent CURE?. You pay when cured, ©
©;not before. You^Iose no time. We have cured your }
I neighbors; we can cure. you. Call for names and g
g addresses and see them yourself. ; . g
§ FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE, |
§ 26K KBARNY STREET. o
e ; --> : : ¦ • : ¦¦ ' - ¦¦ ®
OfrO9OO99O996eO9#«99O«O«*O®OOO«e0«eO««««Oe«9«A
Sunstroke Insurance
N^ S\ When the summer's heat gets about 90 de-
i /^^^^^,-\r grees, you are liable to be sunstruck any
%l J&l&ir^ 'ti^^r t ' me ou are out n e sun> un^ ess y° u ta^ e
War^j^iil^i^iP^k proper precautions. Several years ago,
y^ dMffi jrSjisz&sr tne writer of this, who has spent much of
MlJ^*^/ / &^/£ja hi s life ' n t^e tropics, thought he was safe
\J&* X \ f rom sunstroke. One day he collapsed,
lp|i|/ W^a' \ remained unconscious for five hours, and
jig&V^ V at times his life was despaired of. As a
Jrlim^* 1 matte r °f f act » an y person whose stomach
\ J^^^ 1 anc^ bowels are in bad shape in the sum-
/Iji^^l^^ mer time, is liable to be sunstruck in tem-
0W^v /SjJJBSP^^^^JSaBli^r forms acids and gases, raise the
found that natives of the South
bread-fruit, have a temperature 20 degrees lowerthan that of white men
who are careless about their food or theirbowels; It has been found in
years of experience, that a CASCARET Candy Cathartic taken at
bed-time every night will keep the body clean and cool inside all day,
and forms a safe and -thoroughly reliable form of sunstroke insurance.
m .-. * Best for the Bowels. All druggists, ioc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulk. Tha
#?Vr\/*r%T^ 0 h XS Eenuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your money back.
|Wye*^A&^WV« Sample and booklet free. Address _ • . .
..y-j |(| .jy»rsfl^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or New York. 559
.'... v „ ~ ADVERTISEMENTS. . _,__^^ _
d^ *» -m Acne, Xetter
£^*4 »Salt RIteuin
.1 J. A \jf JL Nettle Rash.
An itcliing, burning skin disease during tne hot, sultry summer weather, is a positive
terror and a veritable demon of discomfort. The intolerable itching and stinging are tanta-
lizing almost beyond endurance, and the unsightly eruption and rough, red skin keep one
thoroughly uncomfortable and miserable night and day. Eczema, Tetter, and diseases of
this type are caused by acid poisons in the blood, which the heat of summer seems to warm
into life and renewed activity. - These fiery acids keep the blood in a riotous and sour
condition, and the skin unhealthy and feverish — they inflame the pores and retard perspira-
tion, when ttie whole body feels like an over-heated furnace, and the escaping poison burns
TORMENTING ECZEMA. an £ .^ te I S . ll( * m( * fire * Tr^E ITCHING WAS TERRIBLE.
••~ V * ,, « oo i0 tneskm disease 'SUtterer, . Escondido. Saa Diego Co., Cal.. Oct. 1900.
' Kansas City, MO., May. 1898. snmmer time brings no joy, De** Sirs— My body broke out xvith a
In 1896 I experienced" at times 1 . • _ __ w _w_ «^,«.^* rash or eruption. - The itching, especially at
patches on^he inside of toy hands that DUt IS a Season Ot Unrest, Sleep- n } ghtt wa3 simply terrible; it would almost
itched and Durned, causing much dia- leSS nights and incessant pain, disappear at time», only to return worse than
comfort. As time went by it grew _,, M ,ii.;:!,» • Ztf£ikl^£jfi&Jl££Zi ever - I had tried many preparations with-
worse. I had read medicine in my resulting m Shattered nerves, out benefit, and hearing of S.S.S.determin-
early twenties (now 50 years o^ age) physical exhaustion and gen- ed to give it a fairtriai; a few bottles cured*
and was convinced that I was afflicted *V"5 — ~-.-^— — *. ~C 1 1 ' 1. m * i entirely, removing every blemish and
with a type of Eczema. I consulted C^al derangement Ot ail tne pimple from my body. L. Marho.
several physicians and a number of vital forces. Scratching IS a v
pleasant recreation to ole tor- _ ( B*o FOR* OF u TTER .
S=S'i^?^f?La&i *™?(Kr^g^g^
receiving but slight temponuv «hrf. eruption. Some find tempor- S*W caring me much l&coSibS 7 ?our
anata b SS a " mo«h?e5fri?»c S e d ary relief in bathing and the doctor, said & tms h»d proved 1 too
appwred; and I founTmyself entirely SalveS. A few hours respite IS and was completely cured. This was fifteen
c^a^d have had no "return of thJ gained by SUCh methods, , but loibTe^" ¦""" "" ***'
disease since. w. P. Brtjsh, nothing applied externally Can " Mrs. X. B. Jacksow,
i Station A, Kansas City, Mo. a l te r t he Condition of the bl<X)d S37 St. Paul St., Kansas City.Kaa.
or check the outflow of the burning fluids through the skin. Only persistent and faithful
constitutional treatment can do this. /The acid poison in the blood, which is the real cause of
the eruption, must be attacked, and when the blood has been cleared of all accumulated impu-
rities and restored to a healthy condition, then, and only then, will a thorough and lasting
cure be effected, and for the accomplishment df all this, no Temedy equals S.S.S., which
contains all requirements for cleansing and building up the acid blood, and invigorating
and toning up the system. S. S. S. completely and permanently eradicates every vestige
of poison,- thus effectually preventing a fresh outbreak of the disease.
¦ "*V Cases that have resisted ordinary treatment for years, yield to the purifying, cooling
effects of S; S. S. upon the blood, and when rich, pure blood is again circulating through the
system, the itching and stinging cease, the eruption disappears, and the red/- rough skin
jy^M^Tjl &]&s&B^i ff/P**^*^ Skin diseases appear in various forms — sometimes
8 t --^^L: w in pustules or blisters, sores, rashes, or red, disfiguring
bumps and' pimples— but all are caused by a bad condi-
fe^/^fc j. |^"*^% J \ tion of the blood, and for which S. S. S. is a safe and
%^*!**fLr Cl^^f^ effectual cure. No bad effects can come from its use,
«. because it contains no Arsenic, Potash or other harmful
drugs, but is guaranteed a strictly vegetable remedy* :
If you are a sufferer from some summer terror like Eczema, Tetter, Acne, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Nettle Rash or kindred disease, write us about it, and medical advice or any special
information wanted will be given without charge.
Our Book on Skin Diseases will be sent free to all desiring it.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC; COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA.
10 — ' — ¦ o — _ ' — o jrf
o . . .- / • With unbounded confidence In our ability, . H
strictly ¦¦ f We have adopted the plan • ai U
Wm NOT TO ASK FOR A DOLLAR I
i^i INTIL A CURE IS EFFECTED I
WV f^_\ This we mean emphatically. y
I : ' jfe».. SPECIALISTS 1°R MEN ONLY- I
SPECIAL attention to Varicocele. Contagions Blood Diseases and Acute fci
/j{/V^&^05j-Jj\\> and Chronic Urethal and Prostatic Inflammations. Consultation free and no H
iL y I V^&^itil '\& charge whatever for treatment of any case in whi.h cure is not effected. Colored O
*£* IV-v J It I cliart of the or S ans and Diagnosis Blank sent free on application. M
» A l\ VI If nn TAI C ATT JP Ci\ ll40 Market Street, ||
F. L. talcott, M. D. UlW l/\LtV/l I Oi vAI«? Opposite Kale's. B
'S- ¦ —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
pPER CURES
LcONSUMPTION
Sew Treatment fGr Consumption En-
dorsed by Member cf British Tn-
tercuiosis Congress — "Antidotum
Tuberculosis" (the Copper Cure)
Marvel cf (he Medical World—
Dope for Ail, No Matter Kow
• Bad Cf f.
Benefits Congressman Dingley's
Son and Cures Others of Quick,
Galloping and Faot Consump-
tion in Their Own Home— Any
| One Can Find Out About It Free
% — Let Every Reader of the Call
the Company at Once.
f: %m
O. K. BUCKHOUT, '
Chairman Kalamazoo Tuberculous Remedy Co.
i(Ltd.), and Member British Tuber-
culosis Consress.
asurnptives need not worry about their
-e any more, as th« long-looked-for cura
:onsumrti<m has at laat come out, and a
is now just as sure as in the simplest
se. To eatisfr yourself of this you have
to write the Kalamazoo Tubercu-
Bemedy Co., 231 Main street, - XalsL-
k>, Michigan, of which the chair-
is Mr. O. K. Buckhout, a noted
ber of the British Tuberculosis Congress,'
>o»ed of world-famcus men who have made
gftpticn a life study. This cure is 6cme-
PJfatirely new and Is called "Antldotunr
:rculose," or the Copper Cure, and Is the
discovery we know of that absolutely
all tuberculosis germs which cause con-
jtion, as unless this is done the disease
ot be cured. As the name of the remedy
its chief ingredient is copper, which
.1 has at last be°n found to be the deadly
ly of the consumption germ, "Antidotum
:rculose" is the original Copper Cure,
u can tell if you have consumption by the
hing and hawking, by continually spitting,
especially in the morning, when you throw
yellow and black matter, by bleeding from the
IBDCV. night sweats, flat chest, fever, weak
voice, peculiar flushed complexion, pain In
chest, wasting away of the fiesh, etc Find out
tow the Copper Cure kills the germs, thea
builds up the lungs, strengthens the heart,
purs flesh on the body and muscles on the j
tones until the consumption is all gone and
you are again a strong, healthy, robust man
y cr woman.
r Don't doubt this, for thejxry came discov-
ery benefited A. H. Dingley, a boji of Congress-
ran Dicgley of Dingley Tariff Bill fame, who
*er.t West and South for relief and didn't get
It. and came back with death staring him in
the face, and was benefited by Antidotum
{ after all else had failed. It cured
; Juhn Dcvries of Kalamazoo of galloping con-
j ruir-ption; Adrian de Die, 163S S. West street,
I cf quick consumption; Paul de Smith of Dal-
I t:s, Mich., and many cases which wasted away
Is skeletons.
j So don't give up hope, and don't epend your
j ir.orey in travel. Attend to it right away, for
tonsumption spreads to other members of the :
iarr.ily. Write to-night to the Kalamazoo
Tuberculosis Remedy Co., 231 Main street,
Kalamazoo, Hich., and they will send you
iiooks free of charge telling you how the Cop-
ier Cure will cure you Sn your own home in
*. very short time.
tauri Pacific Railway
Through service daily to
| Kansas City and St. Louis
I via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
Personally cor:£ucted excursions to Krn*^w
[City, St, Louis, Chicago, New York, Boston
k- . all Eastern points. For full information
taaress
U M. FLETCHER,
Pacific Coast Agent,
126 California st., San Francisco, Cal.
rri CHICHECTCR'S ENGLISH
k-v'iJ^ SAFE. Aiw»Ttr*l!»M«. l-«<ile», tit DrtjrrM
£.*» ir**yL. *" CHICHEisTEtt'S KNGLISH
KNi»iw«j I* UXLD m>4 Gold «jt.aie t*x M . «»<«!
*« **4 W*a 9nt>mu AafcatttetlOTM mad J ml I*.
/ ,*" nT «*•••• **j at jam Onttin^ crtnt 4«,ia
W' Jr nuuw for Particular*. T«tlm»nUU
\V\ & •° 4 "Re«*rr™-i,.di£>«, i.K«r, i f rZ
•V ¦ A? taMMsIL KkOaOToUnoiriU'. &o!4tj
„ v — """/ «a DrnjfUa. CklefcwUr Oker leal O«-
- mHLjn._*L _ -r Bfc flbt non-poif cnons
JVJESsBiSgSiiil remedy for Gooorrhoj* ¦
I v/KsSr,, , . mJ?*%Sta Gleet. Sporm*torrhoe»i
/§Hr CURES Whites, unnatural di»-
I Tsir i« 1 1» 6 6*T*- ' a charge*, or »nr taf »njmt-
tj^f Guwmtetd to ** tion, irritttioa cr ulcera-
rv<] - br*nea. Kon-trtrineent.
RStTKEEms Cawxw^. Sald by x>PtIcrI^
I iSm. 0 " 5 """"' 0 -HEBSk ot aent in plain wrapper.
I %S9k. c * *• *• JEBBL *>T express, prepaid, for
I ,¥nrY\ tl-°°« or * bottle*. (2.75.
VSiagpoEffiffilfr Circular *ent oa requett.
jH^ll Tong Po Chy,
I fHr^^ffiBj Pucce?ror to DR. LI PO TAI.
. I X&<*< ifr CHINESE TEA- AND HERB
1 IT** ft SANITARIUM.
I VB& r Not 72T WASHINGTON ST.,
I ***yjk Comer Brenham Place, Above
l^CmOiHTfefc. P'aza, Ean Francisco, Cal.
i mW.8t*m!g£?& Office hours from 9 to 12 and
ffliglSSP*^ 1 to 9. Sundays, 8 to 12.
I DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES:
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
; on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IROX.
J f UII SOW £ f 1 800 Ba «ery Street,
•• t- nlLjUil U KfJ" Telephone Main 18M.
1 » FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
UC PAVPC * C(\ Shipping Butcher*. 101
t iki. LliltM WU Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
I OILS.
LfBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
\\^ «18 Front tt.. S. V. Phone Main 171».
£ PRINTIN3.
li " •" itUilllLj- £11 Sansome tt.. S. 7
|BlflilLOOier YearRound trip transfer tickets now on salo
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 60 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
40S_Taylor street, (So Market street anU
Oakland ferry depot «
Notice to Passengers.
BEAUMON'T, Tex., June 28.— The appli
cation for a receivership for 900 acres of
land near Port Arthur and claimed both
by Governor K. S. Hogg and W. C. Ty
rell and their respective associates was
demanded to-day. The land was bought
by both parties from different agents at
the time of the boom and it Is claimed by
th« plaintiffs. Tyrell et al., that they have
lost the opportunity of making $420,000
profit through the claims to title made by
Governor Hogg: and his party.
Controversy Over Texas I^and.
This Blackburn emphatically denied and
declared he was so thoroughly convinced
cf Taylor's guilt that he would be willing
to submit the case to any Judge aad jury
In the United States.
¦ ? ¦
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa Fe will sell tickets
c.t this low rate, account the annual meet
ir.g of tfie National Kducatlonal Associa
tion. Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
Bide ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
bo granted to holders of these tickets.
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent. 641 Market *-:t., lor loiuer anu :uii
l-.ai ticuiurs.
Alleged Corruption in Kentucky.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Doboe and
Ulackburn of Kentucky engaged in an in
teresting but good-natured discussion of
Kentucky politics In the Senate to-day,
in the course of which the former stated
the reason Governor Taylor did not re
turn to Kentucky and stand trial as an
accessory to the murder of Governor
Goebel was that the courts were corrupt
a.nd thai the $100,000 reward offered for
tht apprehension of the murderers of
Qoebel had been used to corrupt the
court and bribe witnesses.
P.ate ?72 40. account N. E. A. tickets sold
July 1 and 2, good to return until August 31.
Via Salt Lake and Denver If desired. Time of
the Overland Limited less than three days. Call
at General Office, 1 Montgomery st., S. f! •
LOW RATES VIA UNION PACIFIC H R
TO MINNEAPOLIS AND RETURN.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo., June 28.— The
Supreme Court to-day sustained the mo
tion cf Attorney General Crow to strike
cut the returns of the packers in the
ouster proceedings as to all the conten
tions, except the sixth, which raises the
question whether the packers are in a
combine to fix and maintain prices. On
this point the court overruled the motion
and appointed I. H. Kmley of Kansas
City to take testimony and report on the
liifri day of the October term of the Su
preme Court. Attorney Hagerman, for
the packers, filed exceptions and objec
tions to the action of the court on the
ground that the points overruled involved
Federal questions which the Supreme
Court of the United States should pass
upon. The court sustained the constitu
tionality of the State anti-trust laws in
volved in the motion. Chief Justice Bur
£tss and Justice Marshall dissented from
the action of the court in overruling a
part of the motion relating to the ques
tion of fact on which testimony is to be
taken.
the Question of the Packers'
Combine.
Missouri Supreme Court Passes Upon
DECISION IS BENDERED
IN MEAT TETJST CASE
Army orders announce that Contract
Surgeon Julius C. Lehardy will go from
Fort Wood, New York, to San Francisco,
thtnee to the Philippines. Major Lyman
\Y. V. Kennon, Tenth Infantry, and Ma
jor Charles G. Morton, Sixth Infantry, are
ordered to the examining board, San
Francisco, for examination for promotion.
Washington: Original — Daniel Blckson,
Crting, $s. Increase — William _• L« n S.
Dayton, $S; Henry L. Johnson, \whatconi,
J1C; Jesse P. Bullan. North Yakima, $8.
Oregon: Original— George F. Craw, Eu
gfine, 112. Increase— Harrison Wicks, Ba
ker City, $$; James White, Eugene, $12;
Frederick Groff, Newberg, $10; Benjamin
1". Russell, Thurston, $lu.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia: Original— Joseph R. Tucker, Los An
geles, $6; Benjamin Mills, Veterans' Home,
Xapa, $«; William Davis, Vatlejo, $S; Jo
seph Coler, Los Banos, $10. War with
Spa in— Joseph F. Robinson, Palo Alto, $8.
Increase— George W. Hodgman. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $17; Amos Harris,
San Francisco. $10; Charles M. Kell, Val-
Ic-jo. £21. Widows — Elizabeth Surryhue,
Siinta Rosa, $8; Louisa F. Fitzsimmons,
tianta Cruz, $S.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Postof
lice Department to-day announced: Post
office name changed: Washington — Keese,
Wbatcom County, to Kendall; Har
vey McRae, Postmaster. Postmasters ap
pointed: Oregon— William Smith, Vroy,
Ui'liam County, vice F. C. Doefer, re
moved; J. M. Concklin Jr.. Sodaville. Linn
County, vice R. W. Fisher, resigned.
ment and More New Pen
sions Granted.
OF INTEKEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Depart-
WASHINGTON, June 28. -In the Senate
to-day Teller of Colorado presented a pe
tition from Estes G. Rathbone, praying
for a full investigation into his perform
ance of duties as Director of Posts of
Cuba during the occupation of the island.
Rathbone maintained in his petition
that he was unjustly tried and unfairly
convicted, and that he is entitled to a
full, fair and impartial investigation by
Congress. Teller said the petition was un
usual and the conditions ' were unusual,
and at his request the petition was read
in full. The petitioner asked that full jus
tice be done to the end that aspersions
upon his character might be eliminated.
Teller said the petitioner was not now
in jeopardy, but would have been had not
a general amnesty been granted by the
Cuban Government. He stood before the
world as a convicted criminal. The case
was unique, but it was one which might
arise at any time in the Philippines. It
seemed to him that the question demand
ed investigation by the Senate. While he
did .not pass on the guilt or innocence of
the petitioner, he believed there was a
fair presumption of his innocence.
The petition was referred to the Com
mittee on Relations with Cuba.
The postage stamp is one of the stamps
of civilization.
The recorder replied that it was a mat
ter of routine and the report showed that
Major Gardener had always been given
every advantage. He had long felt and
he believed this feeling was that of the
rest of the board that, regardless what
they did. Major Gardener would accuse
the board of unfairness. For this reason
the board had given the major every lati
tude. Every privilege to "throw mud"
was certainly not granted to the officers
and soldiers the major was endeavoring
to besmirch. The major had been repre
sented at the hearing as' Governor of
Tay.ibas by the Chief Supervisors, the
Fiscal's assistant, the Attorney General ¦
and his first assistant. The -recorder did
not profess to be a lawyer. He thought,
however, that such an array of talent was
not likely to be imposed upon.
MANILA, June 2S.— At to-day's session
of the board which is inquiring into the
charges of cruelty, etc., brought by Major
Cornelius Gardener, Governor of the pro
vince of Tayabas, against American of
ficers and soldiers, Major Gardener con
tinued his testimony, the first part of
which was presented yesterday. Counsel
for Major Gardener said he thought the
grave question involved called for more
than ordinary inquiry.
It has been generally understood that
Genaral Smith was acquitted by the court,
but it traneyired to-day that such was
not the case, the court, it is alleged, hav
ing found General Smith guilty of violat
ing the rules of war and sentenced him to
be reprimanded bv the reviewing author
ity, which in this case is President Roose
velt. Inasmuch as the case is considered
strictly confidential until finally acted
upon by the President, it is impossible
to obtain any official information in re
gard to it.
WASHINGTON. June 28.— It is an
nounced by the War Department that the
case of General J. H. Smith will not be
acted upon finally before the end of next
week at the earliest. Judge Advocate Gen
eral Davis has completed his review of
the proceedings of the court-martial and
the papers are now in the hands of Secre
tary Root, who is so busy with other mat
ters that he has not yet had time to give
the question the attention it deserves.
Teller cf Colorado Urges
That Petition Be Con
sidered.
President May Reprimand the
Superior cf Major
Waller.
Former Postal Director
in Cuba Asks for
Investigation.
General in the Philippines
Probably Was
Convicted.
SENATOR PLEADS
FOR RATHBONE
SMITH GUILTY,
SAYS THE RUMOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
24
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling-.
AT
golf, tennis and pins pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the . time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNEL_. Manager.
HOTEL VBNDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL,
PASO ROBLES H
«— if— % Nature's own selec-
Hf ||sf tlon for a health and
A VfJLV pleasure resort be-
— — — _ , — — _ — _ cause of the curative
Hp A ¥ TH properties of Its mud
lll_iri JLi X — 1 and FUlphur baths fcr
rheumatism, insom-
A KTTa nIa . & out » neuralgia.
_-illli liver.kidney and blood
***'*^ diseases. Has every
f\T r- _ CTT1YE natural advantage for
PL_.A_»UBI- g^raarSiSSg:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Agt
r>— t. c c o'DorMisi— _.«-'_»
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the world; 48
miles from S. F. The S.P. R. R. and 8. F.
_ N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market
st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.
DAWADTlPVlVAltf In tbe heart of the Santa
Run AttULllllAll Cruz Mountains, yet near
enough to the ocean for a daily salt water
swim. Redwoods and sea breezes — a wonderful
combination. Souvenir booklet free. Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery Street. S.
F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
__-_.___ „¦ „ :: On line of Sierra Ry. ;
TURNBACK :: elevation 2553 ft.;
'INN* "• "^ost elegantly ap-
TITAI IIMNR :: Pointed hotel In the
1 UO-UmlNti, :: mountains; stop here
CAL. : : on your way to or
. • : - from Tosemlte Valley
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) 7 a.m. Ar. Tahoe City 8 a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe - Tavern
Lv.TahoeCity(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCItySpm.
Supper et Tahoo Tavern
LvTaboeCity(R?il)C :30p.m. Ar. Trucked :20p.m.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Now open for guests and said to be "finest
mountain hotel west of the Rocky Mountains."
New, modern and elegantly furnished. Resl-'
dent physician. Try it and form your own
opinion.
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to Tahoe Tavern, Tahoe City, Cal.
THE TALLAC
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.. Tallae, CaL
Note — Positively no consumptives taken.
For descriptive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market st.
BRCCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
I_£lK._: TrtHOE.
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cott&ses for campers. Write for. particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open June 15. . Connections by. stage dally
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to 514 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Me-
Kinneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
flay, or $10. $12, $14 per week Postoffice teL
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER PARK INN AND COTTAGES
B miles from LAK _ TAHOE. Typical restlai
place; 6607 feet elevation. Mineral springs
rake 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
I. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. "•
TflHOF. INN,
rahoe City, one mile from new Hotel. Now open
Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRTSON, prop!
ffl&HLAI SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN..
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER. KIDNET. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.'
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
la Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel". .110 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel".$18 per week
One person In room, "cottages" . . . .$11 per week
two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room. "MAIN HOTEL"
__ • • - $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN HOTEL".... •
$20 and $22 per week
special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For Illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery st., or write direct to CRAIG
! & WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
S}4 Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
1002.
Our famous band of 25 musicians. Including
the great cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
Dally concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenom-
enal fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
ulass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
i e i_ and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
HOTEL. METROPOLE
Enlarged, lighted by electricity and In all
respects up to date.
GOLF, TENNIS, DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full Infgrmatlon, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU,
BANNING CO., 11 Montgomery St., S. F
222 S. Spring st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
0_^>l/*/»O S OT SPRINGS. SONO-
** • ¦ *¦ ** *X ** hours from San Fran-
Cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State:
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
noon staees; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 60. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past- seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau.
11 Montgomery et.: also at Traveler office 20
Montgomery st., or of J. F. MULGREW
Skaggs. Cal.
'¦¦ft if ton ft ot Springs
*&* CONTRA COSTA CO., CAL.
Now Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral' baths con-
nected; sure cure for Rheumatism and Ma-
laria. Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R 0
«• if;-. 5 P- ~. Address MANAGER
W £ S A 1 T,?? rr ? n Hot s P rln & s . Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO., 30 Geary et., city.
BLACK ROCK RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet. 10,000 acres; rich
In game. Hunting reserved for guests' 20
miles of fishing: streams. Guides, livery, saddle
and pack horses. Mineral springs. Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodations. $8 to
$10 per week. Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY. Laytonville, Mendo-
clno County, Cal. Peck's Information Bureau
II Montgomery st. • '
All fi f% \i Hot Spring for health and
III IPIlv P leasu re. for ¦ rheumatism.
l?l! MB S B I kidney, liver and stomach
W I _aII4»* 1 trouble. Water stands un-
¦ ' '' '— -'¦¦ surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. Long distance telephone. Trains from
Third and Townsend 9 a. m.. 2:45 p. m. For
pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; hunting, boating
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling'
etc.; free tea— s to mineral springs, 15 kinds'
Call "Travelers' Bureau," 20 Montgomery st '
or address E. Durnan, Laurel Dell. Lake Co''
Cal. '
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California. Hot Springs So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry" or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
tsblo. Come Sundays and try it. Round trio
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $ia
and $14, THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor
Agua Caliente, Cal. '
SEIGLER SPRINGSs:^°£
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office.. 117 Grant ave.. or
Keigler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1660 feet. No
tog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit.
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas.
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable Ad-
dress. _P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa. "
OCEAN VILLA, ~
SANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. Boating and bathing free
Free bus. Send for circular. C. M. CLARKi
A/YIES «fc -HARRIS
— —Inc.
TENTS, HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.
1 1
A /I fl me f
c *
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
/
For stomach, liver and kidney trouble*— >
positive cure for constipation. New kitchen j
and dining-room, under the supervision of Cari
Raymond and Hans Mortenstn and assistant*,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Flva n«m
houses. Room for all. We hava more. Uatfr*
monlals from peopla cured tnan all oOut
springs combined.
For further particulars and nrlnted matUfl '
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 20 Moat* •
Komery st.. San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRAT H_R.
Ada— — Spring—'
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mlla
From Big Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Cam ous Station. For partletH
lars and booklet write THOS. I* B__L , P. Cl,
Felton, CaL Opens June 1st.
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES, W^
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from -TIT "
Most beautiful location and marine view 1 . % 1 . .
unexcelled summer and winter resort. Table ".j
service of the best. W. G. GRAHAM. Prop.
Oi II_I_ Napa County. The most
\T HQIOmO charming spot In Calif or-
oh ntlldlld
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Bummer resorts adjacent. Special round trls».
"<*«». rood from Saturday until Monday.
$2.60. Take boat foot of Market street. 7:39
a. m. and 4 p. m.
H O T EL Tennis Tournament 1
/y\ f\ -j* f-* O Championship
«=4_.fiJ * San Mateo County,
AlATEO July 3 and ¦*•
P-a. • Hotel Mateo
v_^*_i-^ i___-._. Cup Court.
CAMP TAYfflR -O^EJU camp cottages
vault lHlLVA and grounds, private plo-
nlcs. bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout flao -
Ing. telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Moatgoa;
ery street. H. Q. MARTIN. Proprietor. |
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakepor?
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with train*
at Hopland. I-e-ave Hopland at 12:30; arrtv* at
Laktport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6- horse 14-passenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with all _*
most moders Improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by-
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can be
had at office CaL Northwestern Ry.. 650 Mar-
ket st., or at Tiburon Ferry.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
VfCHY SPHINGS— 3 miles from xnciah.'
? Mendoclno Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow o£
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Cryi-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table first-class. |
J. A. REDEMETER & CO., Props. A
BEAUTIFUL CAMP MEEKER— One of Cal_M
Ifornla's most romantic spots; cottages a_F9
rooms newly furnished; restaurant remo^ldf/'ip
under new manasement: terms $6 per />3t _> Wt
boating, bathing and other amusements; \WkiM
Sausalito ffrry; lots for sale. $10 up. AddriJT^J"
H. M. GREGSON, sole proprietor. "'1 1
O ICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — Tea"
¦v miles from Chlco. Cal. Noted for betas •
sure cur* for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia.
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles;
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chieo, CaL
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 SO. Call at
Travelers' Bureau, 20 Montgomery st. or ad-
dress M. S. COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz Co.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE— Near th»
¦ ocean. Fishins, only Mt. trout stream ia
county. Long distance phone. $2 per day. C
P. MOSCONI. Prop., Purlssima. San Mateo
Co.. Cal.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is located In tho Santa
Crux Mountains, 6 miles from Capitola. O004
table board, hunting and fishing. Address a.
D. WEBB. Sequel. Cal.
Mountain Vie— Ranch — Hotel, cottages,
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dally
mall; campers to Glenwood. Including carriages
$3 75 round trip. F. R. DANN. Santa Crta.
HITS SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best r«>
sort In Sonoma County. Open all yeeg
round. Rates, $3 to $12. Take Tiburon fenS
Bus meets all trains. E. HA WES, Santa Rossv
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Sa»
Jose, Cal. — One of the best equipped on th«
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elec« '
triclty. massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano, Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day an<$ .'
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou. Prop.
KING'S RANCH — Six miles from Casadare \
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms, $10 a week; famllx
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
WILLOW RANCH — Delightful sum— «t
home In Redwoods; mountain water, ex-
cellent table, abundance of fruit; 5 miles from
Santa Cruz; $6 50 wk. W. Crandell, Santa Crua.
CISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
v? tlculars "Information Bureau." 20 ififat-
jomery st., or MRS. L. M. SIS3ON. Sls»on.~3bi
BERGHEIM — Two rr.Wpm from Los Gatos.
home cooking. P. DISQTJE. Log Gatos. Ca!.
. STAGE LINES A2TD UVEBIES. j
LA HONDA and PESCADERO— Through th« '
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Warr*s. s
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy ftj
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train. ,M
and Townsend sts.: »:2O a. m. fro— 1 San Joss.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal. :
FifiT F START FS uklah - Tourists, camp.
CAUL- J1ADLCO ers hunters. Writ* to
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADEiRO— Saa Mateo and Pescade— ,
stage line, via Half— .oon Bay and Sarj
uregorio. dally all year; twice a day to HaUf.
•noon Bay. Lvs. Sao Mateo 10 a.m. & 1:15 p. rr. .
FASHION STABLKS. UKIAH AND W1U
lits— Tourists, campers, hunters, writs J.
a. Smith, Ukiah. Smith _ Taylor. \YMi_. toe
tny kind of turnout.
GILROY Fashion Livery: good service: reaaw
rates. Ofc. Uilroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
SANTA CRCZ— San Lorenzo Siables. Srj-J.
l>h rigs. R>a»or.ab)» price* ' .
WEEKLTCALt
61 per Yearn
California Northwestern Ry.
The Picturesque Route of California. v
Round Trip Tickets
FOR THE
FOURTH OF JULY
Will Be Sold From SAN FRANCISCO to the
Points Named at GREATLY REDUCED
RATES, as Follows:
Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday,
Jnly3. Jalyi. July 5. July 6.
Round Round
Trip. Trip.
Brickyard $ .75 Fulton $2.50
Millers 75 Windsor 2.95
St. Vincent 75 Healdsburg 3.1O
Ignacio 90 Lytton 3.60
Novato 1.05 Geyserville 3.83
Burdell 1.20 Preston 5.00
Petaluma 1.50 Fountain 5.00
Penn Grove 1.50 Hopland 5.0O
Cotatl 1.50 Ukiah 5.00
3anta Rosa. 2.00 Willlts 6.00
Sebastopol ...... 2.40
Return Limit, MONDAY, July 7. 1902.
FOR THE SUMMER SEASON.
CAMPERS' RATES.
Round Bound
Trio. . Trip.
Preston $5.20 Hopland $6.60
Echo 6.50 Largo 7.00
Cummiskey 5.70 El Robles 7.50
Pleta 6.20 Ukiah 8.00
Fountain 6.20 Willlts 10.00
Return Limit, 60 Days. .
Round Round
Trip. Trip.
Schellville $1.35 Olivet $2.50
Vineyard 1.35 Trenton ......... 2.50
Buena Vista 1.45 Forestvllle 2.50
Sonoma 1.50 Mirabel Park. 2.50
Verano 1.C0 Green Valley 2.50
Agua Callente.... 1.65 Hilton 2.50
Watrlss 1.65 Korbel 2.50
Madrone 1.65 Camp McCoy 2.50
Eldrldge . ... 1.75 Guerneville .; 2.50
Glen Ellen...'. 1.80 Camp Vacation... 2.50
Meacham 2.50 Cloverdale.. 5.00
Return Limit, September 30, 1902.
TAKE BOAT AT TIBURON FERRY.
Ticket Offices— 650 Market street (Chronicle
building) and Tiburon Ferry, foot of Mar-
ket street.
General Office. Mutual Life building. Cali-
fornia and Sansome sts.. San Francisco, Cal.
R. X. RYAN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
H. C. WHITING, Gen. Manager.
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURB FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders In all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R.; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address
WITTER P.O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main ofnee and water depot, 918 Market
street, room 64. city. •«— •_
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
r THE seaside resort of Central California 4
1 — enlarged, improved— per day $z upwards 1
| —nne orchestra— now open, send for I
¦ oookiet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briar. I
I^For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, CaL J
r*. I: TOCALOMA M §£*
Bertrand Hotel: flrst-class accommodations:
reasonable rates for families and parties- fish-
ing, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley
t tC ;, J* 1^? 1 ! 011 '- JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday. 2 to 4 p. — ,
HOTEL BON-A(R,
ROSS VALLEY.
J, K. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
: ' : ¦''--' Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grov«"-
new management; all refitted. Quietude com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating' fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. .
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table- climate per-
fect; 18 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMOiVS,
WHITE SULPHUR6PRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F., 2% hours- 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths- cur* rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney. Urer. stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID. Vallejo. CaL
JOHANNISBERC.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room: exhilarating air: hunting'
Sshlng. swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURO
JR.. prop., Oakville. Napa County, or Peek's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives:
swimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
xnd blood diseases.' Livery stable. Carriags
meets all trains. Board, including baths, S3
p«>r week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena. Cal.
Forrest and health. | m THF CIPQDAC
?wffV Ol !SJ°7. C - H - k R k" T»tton justr" ht-
JM)ft.— J86 miles from San Kr. No stasinsr; good
tabl«; fln«»stRcenery, water, air, Iruit and climate,
(ueul forests and grounds S!«.(i0 a week. Send fo-
aooklet Orchard Sprites, CoUax, C»i
THE CEYSERS. • '
(Sonoma County). New management; rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
lew, private bathhouse: hunting, fishing year
•ound: white help only; best livery: cooking
specially kupervised by manager. See pamphlet.
NEVADA CITY.
Th*> land of mines, pines ana sunshine. Na-
lonal Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate,
nountain scenery, pine groves famous gold
nines. Perfect accommodations. Reasonable I
ates.
¦IftRFRG'S Amom * tho Plne Mountains.
IVULI . I V ° California's choicest climate,
rhe place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ning, croquet, hunting, fishing and the be»t of
at&ls. Rates $8 per week. For further Infr-
action inquire 10 Montgomery. st. or Hoberg's.'
.ako County. MRS. M. HOBERO.' Prop.
SUMMER RESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2Ui4 feet; $7
ler week; flrst-class -accommodation. Before
;olng elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN
ipplegate. Placer County. Cat
I CORONADO TENT CITY I
| Coronado Beach, Cal. §
§ BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, t I |
g GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE, 8
§ PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING I
fi tnd all other amusements, with one of the finest bands In the West and several fin* ' S
Q orchestras. Economical,- comfortable and amusing. .'.' %i
w - Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale at: §
« Atchlson. Topeka * Santa Fe Ry. Co.. 641 Market St. »"4 3O " Q
« Southern Pacific Ry, Co.. 613 Market fit......... ; .*.""."" "«_4*5O «
g Pacific Coast S.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery St. .«.......".*.*."."..".".*.. .'.'fZS.OO M
§ Including berth and meals. S
g Ground and water rent free for one month with above tickets. g
g Fereons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets O
8 ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not &
g charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this 8
jg 86 well Be the streetcar and ferry trip to and from th« train, and transfer oi •»
: A 1GO pounds of ba£fia£e. - Q
S Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion «
» tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes fres _
8 Lie oil water. . w
8 Persons bringing their, own tents can rent furnishings at the following V
g prices per week (for the month of dune 5O per cent discount): »
Q "Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $1 25; cot, single. 25c- SDrlni? 3
g cot, double. 6Oc; mattress, single, 23c; mattress, double, 60c; plilowsf „«• blank-t_ S
» 25c; comforters. 26c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chairs. ' 25c; rocking chalrsTso- «
g gasoline stoves, 50c; oil stoves. 25c; 1 washstaad*. complete. 33c; cookine utensiU far 8
«¦ three persons, 73c;, lamp, with oil, 25c. . ¦ i Ior »
O • Prices per month double the weekly rates. . _:
8 ' '^ ; - ., I ' urnlshed tent for one person. $12 per month. For two persons. $20 and each n
O . additional person $5 per month. Furnished tent, comprises beds, bedding, tablet 8
g wash stands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, clean linen, towels water, dally cars *
rv of tent. and laundry of tent linen. Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage. • S
O For pamphlets and full particulars call on ' r . 8
| PECK'S TOURIST tUREAU, I! Montgomery St., San Francisco, Ca!. |
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DISEASES
I AND THEIR I
I Scientific Treatment I
! O. C. JOSLEN, M. D. |j
The Leading Specialist. if
1 All my methods of treating men's dis-
9 eases are based upon absolutely scien-
(g tine principles. They are methods
I original with myself. Like methods
are employed by no other physician,
nor does any other physician or spe-
cialist duplicate the results I obtain
by their use. Perfect results are con-
clusive proof of scientific accuracy. I
have treated men only for fifteen years,
any my ability to effect thorough and |
absolutely permanent cures has won f
me the largest practice of Its kind in I
the entire West. I
"Weakness" I
That condition commonly known as. »|
hJ "V-eakness" is in reality one of the fci
; most simDle of men's ailments, and H
3 one that yields promptly and complete- n
ly to correct treatment. For genera- M
tions past physicians have been hand- fa
I Ing- down a moss-grown theory to the H
J effect that prematureness, loss of H
power, etc.. are* due to nervous de- H
! t rangement brought on through excess- Ej
E es, and to this day the treatment com- ¦
P menly employed by most physicians and H
I specialists is a nerve stimulating, one H
e that excites the organs to temporary H
i £ activity, but which In the end cannot B
I g fall to aggravate the real disorder. H
i El "Weakness" Is nothing more than a H
H symptom resulting from a tender, swol- H
M len and inflamed condition of the pros- ffl
m tate gland. This prostatic disorder is H
IJ most frequently due to early dissipa- IB
H tion or to Injury caused by some con- K
Esj tracted disease. My treatment Is a I
(3 local one entirely, no stimulants or M
I tonics being employed, and is in every E$
instance promptly effective In restor- K
ing the prostate gland to Its normal B
state. As . this Is accomplished full n
• and complete strength and vigor return. H
Such a cure is absolute and permanent, H
and by no other method can a like cure B
be effected. ia
Contracted Disorders I
H Every case of contracted disorders I |
treat is thoroughly cured. My patients H
have no relapses. When I pronounce a H
case cured there Is not a particle of in- B
j fectlon or inflammation remaining, and tft
there- is not the slightest danger that H
the disease will return in Its original H
form or work Its way Into the general M
system. No contracted disorder Is so H
trivial as to warrant Uncertain methods B
of treatment, and I especially solicit H
those cases that other doctors have H
been unable to cure, , H
! Varicoczle. . 1
This most prevalent of all diseases of H
men is also the most neglected, either M
i through dread of the harsh methods of H
j treatment commonly employed, or H
through Ignorance of the grave dangers t
that accompany the disease. As varl- H
cocele Interferes directly with th« clr- H
« culation and process of waste and re- H.
; h pair throughout the organs, the neces- H
Isity of a prompt and thorough cure If
cannot be too forcibly emphasized. - I fa
cure varlcocele In one week, by an ab- Ej
solutely painless process. My cures are N
thorough and absolutely permanent and g|
are accomplished without the use of B
knife, Herature or caustic H
I cure every ailment peculiar to men H
and In every Instance my treatment ia m
safe and painless. Write , for my pam- M
phlet, "Live All Tour Years a Man." Q
Consultation free at office or by mall. N
DR 0. G. JOSLEN I
p J049 Market Street, 1
H Diagonally Opposite the Hlbernia Bank, n
el Telephone South 952. t|
____________ *fc^>— a%_- 'd — ..
I ——•—————- THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
KOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
School will be open to summer
iufciNLO guests during June and July.
_,.—,_. Superior climate, excellent
"AKIV. table; reasonable prices. ' Ad-
________ dress IRA G. .HOITT.
MOITT'S SCHOOL
(For boj s) Jienlo Park. San Mateo County, Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. C Send for illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D.,
..- ' Principal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPACGUNTY, CAL.
For health and pleasure go fb Napa Soda
1 Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valiey. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
' land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
: daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
» DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
\ I BARTLETT SPRINGS.
! Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
' Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
DATF^ Hotel $10 to $15 per week. Honse-
U-iii-j. keepjag Cottage* (3 to $16 per week.
Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. - N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
1 GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet. Billiards. Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massa gists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Ehady Drives and Walks. ( ' I ;¦'.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
c — — c
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals. May, 1901 80
Arrivals, May. 1902 202
Office, Peck's - Information Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.
YOSEMITE.
/tTNA SPRINGS, "£S. A
A Health and Pleasure Resort unexcelled
in the State.
Table supplied with products from
AETNA RANCH.
Eight hundred acres to roam over at
your pleasure. Write for Booklet.
EDWARD L. SANFORD, Manager.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through tbe Tuolurnna
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2V_ hours first afternoon and
0 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
6 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market st.r opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m.. .1:3<i p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, '807 Sutter st. Phone
Sutter 2371. 11 Montgomery st. or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County, CaL ...
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
Information and rates inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery St., or write R. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN.. Mldlak-*
P. O., I_ke County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 660 Market st.
HOWELL KIT,, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER, St. Helena. CaL
OWN A HOME^k^CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating bathing, tenting
. ground. Board and lodging,' $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postofflce. Sausallto ferry. $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
KLAMATH KOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River.
Ratee. $2 and $2 CO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery «t.
or address EDSON BROS., Beswick, Sisklyou
County. Cal. -
PARAISO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F W
BCHROEDER, Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery st. -
CONCRESS SPRINGS.
A charming retort in the Santa Cruz Mts ¦
2 hours from San Francisco;' delightful cli-
| mate; swimming and all sporu; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table: rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendoclno Co., Cal.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 200U feet; air
1 pure and dry; delightful family resort; daily
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Slsson. Address H. McGuinness. Pron «
EL MONTE HOTEL. Slsson. Cal. Expi-
rienced guides at hotel.
"THE GROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallac. Rates
$2 per day, $0 per week; meals. 50c; good sadl
die horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. O.. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st. or
R. R. office, 660 Market, or John Martens.
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS OATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Bat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cat. Prop.
SOUD COMIOHI HOME gEgTfto *£
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Kates $7 wk. up. Stag*
meets train. Schuler A Scheben. Napa. Cal.
TROUT FISHING.
Best In State at BOCA, CAL.
For information address Boca Hotel Boca. '
Kev. Co.. Cal., on TRUCKEE RIVER.BOISE, 1 Idaho, June 23.— It was learned
to-day that . W. : JP. Kissinger, who mur
dered'Mrs., W. P. Garner and then com
mitted ~ suicide at Pearl «-. yesterday; > had
married Mattie Horn, his victim's sister,!
twelve years . ago. but ; afterward felh-in
love with . the .woman ; he killed: -This . led
to a .separation between him and his
Love the Cause of Tragedy.
Roadmaster Rockhold was removed to
the- German Hospital in this city, where
ho was operated upon by Drs. J. M.
Btowell, assistant surgeon for the Santa
Fe, and T. W. Huntington. One leg was
amputated . above and the otht*r kelow
the knee. The surgeons report the op
eration successful and say that the
chances are all in favor of the patlent'a
recovery, . . ;..-
Eepairing the Damaged Dirigo.
NANAIMO, 13. C, June 28.— The steamer
Dirigo of the Alaska Steamship Company
of Seattle, which went on the rocks here
last evening, is being temporarily repair
ed • and to-morrow will go to Victoria,
where the damage to her keel will be at
tended to. The Dlrigo'8" passengers are
waiting - f or the Dolphin, which will call
to-morrow and take them to Alaska.
Rockholder -was placed on a locomotive
and taken at full speed to Point Rich
mond, where the fast ferry-boat was
placed at his service, and he was taken
across the bay to a hospital. Mrs. Rock
holder and daughter were apprised of the
accident by wire and left immediately for
Bail Francisco.
Rockholder has not long been a resident
pf this city. He is a thorough railroad
uian and very popular among the men.
. STOCKTON, June 28.— J. J. Rockholder,
roadmaster of the Santa Fe Railroad be
tween this city and San Francisco, suf
fered the loss of both legs this morning
&t a station called Fernandez, fifty. miles
weEt of this city. . Rockholder was super
intending the loading of some cars with
a steam shovel. He was standing In the
middle of the track, giving orders, and
failed to see or hear a work train which
was backing down the track.,. The car
struck him and threw him to the rails.
The car wheels passed over his legs, cut
ting off both between the knees and
ankles. . • •
Both. Legs in an Accident
at Fernandez,
J. J. Rockholder Suffers the Loss of
SANTA FE BO ADMASTER
MAIMED. BY CARWHEELS
BUISUN, June 28.— The Republican Cen
tral Committee of Solano County met in
Sulsun to-day and decided to hold the
primaries on August 12 and the county
convention in Benicia on August 18. A
resolution was adopted indorsing the
candidacy of W. L. Crooks of Benicia for
Railroad Commissioner in the First Dis
trict a.nd recommending that the dele
gates to the district convention accord
him undivided and unceasing support.
Crooks' Candidacy Indorsed.
> -^ With -"j this Admiral' Dewey" -was. : dis
charged as a witness, and he . expressed
himself; as much gratified to secure his
release. \ ¦
"Yes," i replied the witness, "that is
true, and it is a good idea. I had not
thought of it; and I am glad you. asked
it. It makes my. testimony stronger. It
is true, and the fact that I. did notiac
cept . the surrender and put them in
oharge shows that -I did not trust, them-
It never enteredmy head to do> that.' '.¦"¦<;
. Senator Dietrich's questions were in
tended- to show the state of Admiral
Dewey's mind concerning, the Filipinos at"
the time of the engagement with ; the
Spanish squadron. He asked the admiral,
if it was not true, if he had recognized
the Filipinos as: allies, trusted them aa
such and considered them capable of tak
ing charge of Manila, he would have ac
cepted the proffer of the surrender of
Manilas before the arrival of the 'Ameri
can-troops..-. * ¦ : -..•-.-¦ '. :.J^V ¦
Admiral Dewey— Yea. True, I ; made »i
comparison once. with the Cubans, saying
tho Filipinos were more capabla of self
government than the .Cubans. .1 think
that neither the Filipinos nor the Cubans
are capable of self-government. '
r The chair assured the witness that he
need^notanswer. The admiral said, how
ever, in reply to further pressing,- that his
views did not coincide with those v ex
pressed by General Anderson "in a maga
zine article. ' ' ' •¦ ;'-¦'-.>¦¦
'-'They do not coincide," he said. ."We
differed very much from the beginning.", [t
Senator; Beveritige read extracts from
the reports of the first , Philippine Com
mission, of which Admiral Dewey was a
member, in which the statement was
made that the .Filipinos were incapable
pf standing alone, and. if the American
support was withdrawn they would lapse
into anarchy, and asked him if that had
been his opinion. .'Her replied in the af
firmative, adding that he still ¦ retained
that •: view. . \ . . * .< ..
Senator Carmack— Was that- always
your opinion? - ¦
VI am here to testify to what! know,
and I will give all the information I can
in that way, but I am not rosponslbls
for what others have said. I do notklike
your questions and I do not think I ought
to be required. to reply to them."
PATTERSON. REBUKED.
He added that he was not conversant
with all of General Anderson's acts be
fore the. arrival of General Merritt, as
the general had gone his own way, while
he (Dewey) had gone his. He also* said
General Anderson had offended Aguinaldo
on the occasion of their visit by his ques
tions. When Senator Patterson pressed
other questions calling for reference to
statements made by army officers - arid
others ' the admiral declined to answer,
saying: f . . ¦• ¦ ¦
- "When I heard that he was writing let
ters to Aguinaldo I advised him against
(Joins so." ' • ¦ i
Senator - Patterson asked a number of
questions concerning Admiral Dewey's as
sociation with General Anderson after his
arrival ,and his visit to Aguinaldo in com
pany with the general. He said 'he had
suggested to General Anderson on the oc
casion of that visit that he need not wear
his uniform or put on his sword, but that
his blouse would be sufficient. ¦ and that
the suggestion had been adopted. Re
ferring to a report of that interview made
by General Anderson and to copies of let
ters written by the general, in which
Aguinaldo was assured of a desire for
amicable relations, Admiral Dewey said
that he. did not remember that any such
assurance had been given.. . Speaking of
General Anderson's letters to the Philip
pine chieftain, the witness said:
ADVICE FOB AiNDERSON.
• "You do know," Patterson went on,
"that there were several who got good,
fat offices?" The reply was in the nega
tive. The witness also said he knew
nothing of the payment of money to the
Cuban General Gomez, and he added the
suggestion to Senator Patterson -that he
should not put such questions to himi^
self rich at the. expense of the American
Government if he had given up?"
Tho admiral hesitated and said he could
not answer the question. He was told by
the chair that he need not do so.
"I do not, know," was the reply. "I
have not been in the Philippines for three
years; how should I know?"
"Do you not know from your experience
that there was never a day while he was
in arms that ho could not have made him-
Here the admiral again referred to
Aguinaldo's style at Malolos, and Senator
Patterson asked if that style had not
served the purpose of inspiring the ad
miration of his followers and holding
their allegiance. . To this inquiry the wit
ness replied that the'style was "probably
more inspiring to them than to those
from whom the property had been taken."
"Do you think that is proper testi
mony?" asked Patterson.
- Chairman Beveridge interfered with a
strong protest against innuendoes against
Admiral Dewey. He considered the ques
tion &s discourteous. Patterson, however,
disclaimed any intention to be otherwise
than respectful, and , he continued hia
questions. ¦ - ; : .,
"Do you' know," he asked, "whether
Aguinaldo has a dollar to-day?". -
"I was pretty sure as to whore he had
got the dollars, as he had not , brought
them with him," said the admiral, "and
I thought that- the fact that he wanted
gold was a pretty good indication that he
was getting ready to leave. That was
what made -me think that the man was
feathering his own nest, but it was only
a suspicion." - • ¦ .
FEAR OF TEEACHEK.Y.
This question the admiral declined to
answer, and Senator Patterson took the
witness, asking if Aguinaldo had ever
talked to him on the basis of selling out
to the Americans. The admiral replied in
the negative, and Patterson then asked
if the Philippine leader had ever asked
him for money. The reply was that
Aguinaldo had asked him to exchango
gold for Mexican dollars.
"Then you placed tho country at the
mercy of a man who would plunder and
rob, notwithstanding you had no need for
his services?"
report that thousands would rise up in
insurrection upon our arrival at .Manila.
I thought they would play a very small
part." . v_
The delegates to the State and district
conventions are: • . N. E. Bunker, H. J.
Ostrdnder, J. W. Knox and C. F. Wade.
The nominations were made by* accla
mation and a spirit of harmony and feel
ing of confidence prevailed. The ticket
gives satisfaction and the Republican
prospects in this county are excellent.
The following nominations were made,
those of Superior Judge and County Cleik
not being filled: C. A. H. Warfield, Sher
iff: L. F. Herrol. Tax Collector; George
Kibby. Treasurer; B. F. Fowler. District
Attorney; Miss Clara M. Stoddard, Su
ptrlnterdent of Schools; Henry Nelson,
Recorder; A. Genelly, . Auditor; A. G.
Clough, Assessor; H. H. Henderson, Sur
veyor; G. E. Nordgren, Coroner and Pub
lic Administrator. Two Supervisors and
tewnship officers were also named.
V. r e believe the b«£t Interests of the San
Joaquln Valley v.-ill be most advanced by the
nomination and election of Hon. Thomas Flint
as Governor of California. He is qualified by
reason cf long experience in the Senate and in
public affairs in general. His honesty has
been demonstrated. He is entirely free from
pernicious influences. He is a man of the peo
ple. He is available. "We recommend our dele
gates to the State convention to work for his
nomination. \ .
The resolutions adopted strongly in
dorse the administrations of Presidents
McKinley and Roosevelt; and emphati
cally recommend the renominatlon of
Congressman Neeaham. Thomas Flint's
candidacy for the Governorship was in
dorsed in the following language:
MERCED, June 28.— The Republican
County Convention was held In this city
to-day, its membership consisting of
eighty representative Republicans elected
in the primaries a week ago. B. S. Crit
tenten was chairman and A. B. Haslacher
secretary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
wife, the latter securing a divorce a few
days ago. Kissinger seems to have come
here from Oregon expressly for the pur
pose of killing the woman, having left a
statement to that effect.
Santa Rosa Graduates.
SANTA ROSA. June 23.— Thirty-three
students graduated from the Santa Rosa
High School in this city last night. They
were: . ... »•
Hanna Lena Dueray. Victor R. Fltzsimmons,
Edna O.Htrdebrand, Bruce Hlnckley Painter,
Elizabeth Helens Simon, George Pressley An
derson, Lavinla Pearl Butler. Cleva Body,
Ethel Botts, Laura DeU Cuuvex. Jonathan
Blaine Fox. Jean Axnes Graham, Althea Dav
enport Hoag. Alfred Thomas Howe, Albert
Bates Howe, Laura Pearl Howe. Emily Frieda
KQhler. Frank A. Kinslow. Lillian Leah Und
ley, Mary Marjorie : Lemmon, Carlotta Eliza
beth McMinn. Joseph H. Maaza, Mabel Clalr
McGregor. Daoa Cannon Perry, Jesse Peter
Jr., Helen Rlcksecker. Virginia Viola Ratlin*.
Louise- S. Keld. Helen Gertrude Savage, Her
mann . Reinhard Steinbach, Ernest Gotlob
Schaupp, Aquilla Parker Talbot.
REDWOOD CITY; June 2S.— Joseph Brlggan.
charged with the murder of Joseph Mattld, his
employe, on June 14, pleaded not guilty to-day.
His trial was set for August IS.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the i ollowins 1 nomina
tions to the. Senate: Walter L. Rbbb,
Oregon, Collector of Customs for the dis
trict, of Oregon/ Ernest O. Eagleson,
Idaho, Surveyor General of Idaho. Post
masters: "Washington— William Ward,
Dayton: Joseph H.- Turner, So'uth.Bend.
California— Alfred A. True, Highland.
Arizona — J. K.Carbett,- Tucson. Oregon —
Edward Hirsch, Salem; B. W. Johnson,
Corvallis; Lot- Llvermore, Pendleton.
Nominations by th,e President.
Wcman Who Killed Mrs. Castle Con-
victed at Her Third
GUlIiTY OP M.UEBEB
:- ; .; IS JESSIE MORBISON
EL DORADO, Kans., June 28.— Jessie
Morrison, in her third, trial for the mur
der of Mrs. Olin Castle at her home in
this city in June, 1S0O, was to-day found
guilty of .murder in ' the second t^gree.
The jury was out twelve hours. The ea«
may be appealed ajjain.
Jessie Morrison killed Clara Wiley Cas
tle with a razor In a quarrel eight day*
after Mrs. Castle had been married to
Olin Castle, with whom both women had
been in love. Miss Morrison ia tha
daughter of H. M. Morrison, formerly a
Circuit Judge. The first trial resulted in
a disagreement. At the second trial
Misa Morrison was found guilty of man
slaughter and was given a five years*
sentence. She spent but two months rn
the penitentiary, being granted a nev/
trial last February. As the foreman of
the jury nmshed reading the verdict this
morning Miss Morrison pale,
threw her arms around^ her aged father's
neck, hid her head on hia shoulder and
both wept bitterly.
Daath Ends Homeward Journey.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 23.-A. Boyd
"Watson, a young Englishman, said to be
a member of a wealthy family, Is dead
at a hospital here of pneumonia. He val
making a trip around the world^and had
visited India and Australia, and had in
tended to return to England 7 by way ot
South Africa. Lieutenant Watson of the
British army, who recently distinguished
himself in tha South African war,' was a
cousin of the. dead mm.
Convention Indorses His
'¦ : . Candidacy for the
v Governorship.
MERCED COUNTY
IS WITH FLINT
Endowment for Johns Hopkins.
BALTIMORE. June 28.— President Rem
ten announced to-day that the endowment
rund of 51,000.000 for which the friends of
the Johns Hopkins University have been
earnestly working for the "past few
months has been completed. This puts
the university upon an assured financial
basis. None of this money is to be used
for buildings.
SAX JOSE, June 28. — Suit to recover datn
«res in tTit'snm of $50,000 was filed araiast
the Southern Pacific. Company in the Superior
Court to-day. The plaintiff is J. G. M. Ladd
of Gilroy. father or Martha May Ladd. the 12
5-ear-old rirl who was killed on the- Warm
Springs road crosslns in Juljj of last year. -
Senator Carmack— Then is that a fact
that you took a man lo Manila to be a
leader of the nartlve, people who had but
recently betrayed those people for a
bribe? , .¦ ¦
Admiral Dewey— I' think' that would
have made no difference; the country was
under a reign of terror. ' l
"Then you wanted a man who could or
ganize the natives?" ¦ .
"No; I=did not want any one. Aguinaldo
and his people were forced upon me by
Consul Pratt and others." .
"Did the Consul and others have any
power to force these people upon you?"
"Yes, by constant pressure.-. I did not
want the Filipino refugees, because I did
not believe that a half-dozen of them
would do anything good in view of the
A number of questions were asked in
regard to statements by Generals Greene,
Bell and others, but the witness asked to
be excused from criticizing the army and
the chair (Senator Beverldge) said he
was not required to answer - any
questions the replies to which would
involve such criticism. Thereupon the
admiral said he was "very glad," and
Senator Carmack said he knew -of no
such rule, but he supposed he would have
to submit. The admiral added that no
opinion by others. would change his of
ficial opinion of Aguinaldo. ¦
NO ARMY CRITICISM.
Patterson— Do you refer to Aguinaldo
taking property for the support. of the
army as loot and pillage?
Admiral Dewey— That is one part of it
Senator Carmack— You did not object at
that time? -
Admiral Dewey— No, but he soon got be
yond me.
"Well, "we did not do that way. For in
stance, I "took all the coal in sight, but I
paid for it."
Continuing his reply to this question,
the admiral said the Philippine army was
then only a mob and without organization
and had to be fed and clothed.
"Ho did as many have done— he* made
the country* support him."
"Did you regard that proceeding as
pillage and loot?"
"No, that is war, as you know."
Replying to another question, the ad-'
miral said it was the general t rep'ortl
throughout the East that in 1897- Agui-l
naldq had betrayed his people to -the
Spaniards for money. He did not remem
ber that this report had been denied by
American officers in the Philippines.
Among other officers quoted In this con
nection was General Greene, and tho ad
miral called attention to the fact that
General Greene had not given his" au
thority. ¦ , J* jVAUj ¦; |
"If," he said, "Agoncillo told 'him, »i
don't think the authority was good."
"Why do you say that Aguinaldo took
the lion's share of the property gathered
by- ihe insurgents?" ~ ¦
" "Because he "was living at Malolos like*
«. prince. He had nothing when he' land
ed in Manila and could have procured
the means for this ostentation in: no other,
way. He began immediately after arrival
to take every dollar in sight. It may be
ungrateful in me to state the fact, but it
Is true that he sent cattle to me— herds of
them— for the ships. The stock was taken
from the Philippine people."
"Was any statement made of this cir
cumstance at the time?"
PRINCE-LIKE AGUINALDO.
"I think you are making too much of
Aguinaldo. He was a mere figurehead
and was surrounded by . . stronger men
than himself. Mabini was one of these
and General Luna, whom he had* killed,
was another."
In reply to other questions put by Sen
ator Carmack concerning Aguinaldo, the
admiral said:
"I won't say that," the admiral replied,
"but. I will repeat that if we had hncl
5000 troops at Manila on May 1 the city
would have been taken possession of and
we would have had, at least for the time,
no trouble with the natives. They were
our friends then." , ,
The admiral replied that he had said
that between May 1 and August 13 the
Governor had sent word to hfm more
than once that he would be pleased to
surrender to the navy. The first proffer,
he said, was made in May, through the
English Consul, and subsequent proffers
wore made through the Belgian Consul.
At the time, the, admiral admitted, Agui
naldo had begun operations around Ma
nila and was working toward the city.
Taking up the thread of the investiga
tion where it was dropped yesterday. Sen
ator Carmack asked the witness if all the
trouble in the Phlippines had been due to
Aguinaldo.
WASHINGTON, June 28. -The third
day's testimony given by Admiral Dewey
before the Senate^Committee on the Phil
ippines began with a reference to the
statement made by the admiral at the
first day*3 proceedings concerning the
proffer made by the Spanish Governor
General to surrender to him. v Senator
Carmack called attention to the fact that
the press made it appear that he had
said during the next twenty-four hours
after the destruction of the Spanish neec
on May 1 there had been several proffers
of surrender on the part of the Governor.
Manila Bay Victor Tells of the Man
ner in Which Proposals for the
Surrender of . the -City
Were Made.
Senators Hear of Queer Con
duct by the Fallen
Insurgent.
Admiral Continues . Ar
raignment of the
"FIGUREHEAD"!
DEWEY CALLS
AGUINALDO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.^
25
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Had a Bad
Hemorrhage.
My-daughter •while' on a visit from up
country took on a very bad hemorrhage,
suffering with terrible pain. At last sho
decided to try Dr. Halpruner's Wonderful
Pain Remover/ .She took a teaspoonful at
a dose in -water, and bathed the abdomen
thoroughly with the medicine, full
strength, which , instantly removed the
inflammation and pain from the ovaries
and womb i arid | stopped the henjprrhage
immediately. ( r ". ¦
. My wife has . been an invalid for. years,
she being 75 years old. . Of lata shei has.
been taking one-* half teaspoonful of Hal-
pruner's internally- at ¦> bed .time.; It in-
,vigorates,"her apd has given her strength,
which -she failed to receive froni any oth-
er kind of treatment. Every woman suf-
fering with pains .should get a ' bottle of
HalpruneVs.and glva it a fair trial, as we
have," and I- guarantee they ; never will ..be
without it in their house for a. day. ¦
. •: M. S. MARTIN, ; Stock Broker, . . fC\
Residence 1065 Tenth avenue,
'¦ ', . '• ¦• '•' \/' • East Oakland; ; Cal.. ¦
Sold by druggists and grocers— 50c and $1.
, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
If you want to get well again, you
cannot take a belter medicine than
the Bitters. It is the best health
restorer known to science, and
will cure Headache, . Nervous-
ness,* Flatulency, Indigestion
and Malaria, Fever and Ague.
;Try it. ¦ .' - - ' '¦[ [ : ' -,. '¦;..; "¦•.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digest ion, complete absorption ana
bealthful regularity. ¦ " -'-.-.. ..*,-«-
-For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver, ¦ Bowels, Kidneys, '. Bladder, Female " lr-
reeularities. Sick " Headache, Biliousness, Con-
Itlpat Ion, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera, -25c a box. At Druggists, - or
ly malL- P.ADWAT fc CO.. Xew York.
l^CADING BU8INEES COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. — 24 "Poet et., San Kraacisco. CaL
Cet&blUhed nearly 40 years. Open entire yef r.
VI' rite for SO-p&ce catalogue (free).
THE LYCEUM,
AC ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, iaw and medical colleges;
References, Pres't. Jordan or any Stanford pro-
tetter. Phelan Big. L. H. Grau,Ph.D.,Prlncipal.
SU TT ADD Expert Accountant.
• 11* 1 /^.IV IV guarantees a better
Vnovrledge of bookkeeping in S weeks than any'
ccllege can give in 8 months. Mall course $5,
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the most ret-ponsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building, San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
621 Sutler et. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young xaen
t r<5 women. Write tor announcement and
any particulars. .
HAML1N SCHOOL
AND VAN NESS SEMINARY,
B.&43 Jackson St.. cor. Ooush. 8. F. Boarding
and day Echoot for girls. Accredited by the
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
U, 1802. SARAH P. HAMLIN, Principal.
College of Notre Dame,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, confers degrees.
grants diplomas, college preparatory: accredited
toy State University; intermediate and primary
claeges for younf children. Studies resumed
AUKUtt 8, 1902- .
IRVING INSTITUTE.
B-VA.RDINO AND DAY ECHOOL FOR
joung ladies end little girl*. 2126 California
et. will reopen August 4. lyOl. Accredited to
,'th* I5niversitfr ; s. REV. EDWARD B.
CKITRCH. A. M.. Principal. .
ANDERSON ACADEMY,.
Irvin&ton, California. A hijrh p-ade military
jtchool for a limited nurober of boys of good
character. Next term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
Polytechnic Business College!
Oakland, Cal. Largest, cheapest and best school
of business, shorthand and englneerlnc in Cal.
'Perfect climate, homelike influences, thorough.
JOO-p. catalogue and tpecimens of writing free.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAE TERM WILT, BEGIN AUGUST IS.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
*'A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped <lepartm*nte ; positions for graduates.
inu&tr«ted catalogue. ::cr, JLarkin st. - *
It. L. DURHAM. President.
Booae's University School,
A, PREPARATORY f-hool for boys. Tuea-
tltth year boglns MONDAT, August 4. P.
It. BOONH.
SHELL fSEMtNAHr,
2721 Channing. Uerkflcy. Girls' home day
echooi. collese iirep^ratory: ideal location and
grounde; reopens August 0. Mrs. Edna Eaell
• Paulson, Mary n. Sncll.
MISS 1L* G. -BASBETT'S ' s Jfa5TiS*?, D
• SC2 Montiromery St., Ean Francisco, CaL
SliOZTTlIAXD TAUGHT UV MAIL AND
-pcrconally; "best teacher, best system.'- ;
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Ave.,
Opens Monday, Aug. 4. For Information or cata-
logue address the principals. L.YGS & ROGER.
, JOE' BOSENBEEG. | JOE ROSEHBEBG ? S. \ ._ ¦ j ¦ JOE BOSENBEBG'S. | JOE F.OSE1»I»ES.CI'S.
I v /Mr— - jA/ : SAL£ : OF I MPORTANGE I
J j^^^^^r" Thi5,-at Least, .May Be. Banked Upon: I
I :|^hirfv»fsfr[ :• Ourr Advertisements Are Truthful^ 1
I \ '? It OKp NEW CHIFFON VEILING, lit OCp Sample line LADIES' COLLAR ITa VJnvft Paintintf hilt Diaih TTnvar- H
I I |-f"» &Jl *°« best quality, in new sbadea of A 1 ZOC AND TIE, beati taffeta, silk, .«».H UiU /<M«M.«5! DUl.jlttlO, 1111101" g
fl ¦/''¦¦" 9 f^. . blue or green; most stylish hat trim- fancy stitched collar, fancy tie ends, in • nicria4 Pintc 14
|; %U I WCCS ming worn. Only.... 25c air shades and styles, 60c and 60c val- - lllolicU # IuCitS. j.
1 // "-'•¦¦ . ' \ H-ICa LADIES' WASH VEILS, best ues - Nbw at sample price, 25c fTSTZK THAT'S WHAT CAN BE
I /"/£>• "---.----•-.• - ! '*\ - --Al IOC quality Brussels netf fancy If in o "Best quality satin back VEL-. £~^~A SAID OF OUR ADVER-
U IJ-fiZ-^ / ' Ml \ \ a^ aj:^r\ borders, figured or dotted; were 2.'c: ttl lib VET RIBBON, width No. 1. , «fcfcja@? TISING. This week we
g \ N 77'" II1> \ \ ' now : — ,........15e Piece of 10 yards now 12c hMBzk j have a beautirul line d
: BW'^CZ-Xjfe^^L^'v,^^^^ St Ro torchon lace, good quai- u jn n childs- vests and pants, is Sv^t" n pkS ush i«hw m who
• 1 >~^*zz=f fll 3G , t 3 lnches wid^. real ]ace Al |yC good quality £ S yptian cotton. Upsl ° V *J T 1°,?,,^ J co ,f r n * *°
I I sJift- /7\ pattern; good, strong and washable, fleece lined, summer Jersey" ,3mm !i« w»°h fl ?,hf n navm
i LclGlQS l& Only ..:..r... ........:....... ...:..5c ribbed, high neck, long sleeves, ecru «Sffi g' 1 ' ce t V e^eRt o t the Tbuv
1 7 It\lOn NEW SATIN TAFFETA BIB- or gray; worth . 23c. . Now 19 C . ¦ . 'WM xVt J tie °n the lot ?ha£
S R n £*• O A* «° a BON- bpst ualit y- a » s i lk - At 25P NeW V^ AR BA S^ C ?. M ,? S; wSuldn-t bring TSc. Mada
B. ZJU ri-LtTi-da- width No. 40: in all Ihe newest shades; " l fUU made Of best ' quality Italian 1^~ O f beat quality satin striped
| I ¦ *3 d regular 25c ribbon. Now 18c . shell, different shapes, smooth, well cheviot f or madras with
I . ' m* «. It QRf» KIMONA DRESSING doers' nrfrft kk^nnr ff^P PlqUe StOCk: a11 COlorS - Only 5Ot ?
8 r\r\\ji4 j f^ *l oOG SACOUES .made of best qual- aresser 3 price 60c. Our price Joe
I IIUW y^*%^w- : _ Ityiwool challie; full backhand front: It Kp HATPINS, beat quality .high- b Attention StOUt WomeU
C-.s^ t "^» Ufmona sleeves; trimmed with broad j 11 yl» ly tempered steel, unbreakable ¦,,*Jv IIUUll » " lUUl uumc11 " tr
a . , • bands of solid color; worth $1.25.- Now. 1 . -Pearl head3. Now 5c . NEMO, the self-reducing corset.
J//^~~ — 7/ ill! .\ — — — >_i^\ .....a..... :..- 1)SC \\ IQft HAIB BRUSHES, good qual- Thousands of women wear them and
]P**~ ' .,.'. HUP "^^n - If Ol OC LADIES' LONO FULL nip l0ls ity. genuine bristles, solid know their merit. But ther are still
N. - // ¦ / tilill"'" *¦ ' ->/' Al OlilQ LENGTH KIMONAS. made natural wood backs; worth S5c. Now thousands that we desire to show what
-121— JLJlIL L ' '1 ' f f ."f ."Ti ' jif i.Mt fiullitr flcurcd li-n-n- fa=t colorr- lOc. «rood corseta they, are. They make the
°^Jffigffi^^;jffi{$j^: .. | f T OOTH BRUSHES, made of & d b e u "i£ ut t^/^
. \*— v : i P*.. . ¦'/fl. •. bimona sleeve. Now. ....... .I..... SB1. 25 * l I tU good genuine bristles. coUd fSif*^ % n * F JtS 1% flS^iV
PPia'nrh rrikknW/ It Ql nO LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS., back, strong handles. Only 10e. SidaS^S bl s ri™rtedf^ bTack
' I CnCfl IllDOOn/ Al &!,UU m ade of good quality fast' I*. 7 C.L A DIES' UNDERSKIRTS. A^ttxlndril cloth turned with a 3-
I ¦.-¦¦ ¦ black Italian cloth; deep accordeon fll l0Pmade of good quality crash . taeh^rtda axtra fine sa?i? ribbon
§ riVjl*/ 1 pleated flounce, finished with v arrow linen, umbrella riounee. with three nar- We culrantee thW corset to'rive a
Girdle Corset g^iii|i»p|iiil M a*HHSssiff^sB
I ftl H-DU made of good-quality percale; It C j Ki| LADIES,' DRES8 SKIRTS, price '..-» ...S5.OO
¦ Q fllH f ront . French back, new sleeves, « fc <PliUU made of best quality white
B .v-: ; > ' adjustable collar; all colors. Only.. 49c Pique, steam shrunk, deep flared Wfa Rnfo Yflflf Garment* flJld CnTCpR
I I w^ *<• If . I n« CHILD'S HOSE, made of good flounce, inverted pleat, well made, per- U1 v Rmu 1UUr «'" m CUia ttUU tUI&Cl4
| '/ ' ¦ - ¦ • v >?s. v -ft* IUb quality Peruvian cotton. Rich- *f c t hangingr, tailor finished. Only hv'KYPAIClVP PflFCTliffl tiftn 9
\l//> M tovv^^-~~5%v elieu ribbed, double heels and toes; now S1.5O. UJf "llAtBaMlB rBrbJJirdliOa I
W^^~^^^^>M\ J*C-*^<- ...V....... .• ..--IOC It I a WHITE TIES, made of fine m . '. HERE 13 A PRK-
W ' ' ' 4 X . ' ' ' ' ¦ i>f It I C n CHILD'S HOSE, made of very nt l« lawn, full length. Sale price . JVStr^ ¦¦ mnrttr, VENT1VE, I
jt—-* — "--* — * — iT^"' " — ' — y ~~^M I OS' best English thread, double 3 C apiece. . - t^^P^^S?^. The DEWEY
1K-T- . \ *>% ///I heels, toes and knees, extra heavy. Jer- a* i-- Lr A D I E S' • UNDERSKIPTS SHIELD is made of
§ I £llS .Je)f»lrtf&/ « fly ribbad;- good, fast black; regular A I 1,1, best cfuallty flannelette, solid T% material that is im<
I. w / v ' V-* *^>*llipivr/ 2nc values; now ......15e color, good, strong muslin yoke* colors ¦.-¦-'• •'' ; ..' : ~ pervious to moja-
a «_ J ->k \ I St 111** LADIES' HOSE, made of good pink, blue and cream. Now... 4"»c re an ee ' rom aM objectionably
B ''RfcO «*'!-i^-. I I ft* -I lib quality island cotton: • white i* in n LADIES' t?t,4ni>jpt"pttp properties of rubb«r. The sUeaia covers
I *-^«- «=ei Or^CfeCl V maco- foot; sure cure for tender feet. At 39C SKIRTS best aualitvl?rS *«Ve their- Beams • stitched separately
I « a/ T*^'-^»-* Only ...lOc flannelatteri Bood," strong Sn X aDd the ">?« "" in S h " moisture-proof
| FSA/^fiL i •— I It OKft SADIES' VESTS, made of best Now \ .Sftd ?? ams - When worn under the corset
I UO^P s/\ L '*. I ftl tOw American Silk, low neck, no i i LADIES' DRAWERS made of l\t e y , p f°} ec t that garment as well as
1 >^3»/ <j£JL KCtS sleeves, neck and arm size crocheted and At fiC t^od quality soft hT Pa rhPrl } he da ? ty ««««¦ garments. Will last
I lt«J M drawn through with tape; only.... 2Hc muslin, embroidery trimmed Only 2 "~fo l° n f er if *«quentty washed. Invaluable
!/£, -Vh -^$U ltv mercerized mull, in green, pink, blue all colors; 2 in wide Now ft^ovard ™J P r? a garment in a very few see-
W^^fTl\ 1> IP^^^ W snk e - : on?v d embr S id e^ finest . t S|O!) SORoilS GLOVE^^de of "^ ° Ur introductor y P rtce 80c
1^.- v^r^oVe^- ' v?^ 1^^^$^^^ --;••. * At Half Price.
1% 1 I /A "'» "S. dSJSSS IT"*^™^^*^ >M&M 5gg
¦ x qj| r"A «» . - '¦ \» '/// patterns' now 1i\t* AliC ttUSHri&i FIInS, best quality biuAhON a LATEST DESIGNS AND
I'*l5P FlJjQ.H^> "f iTlOll' GENTS ; '"aLl""liNEN temperefl steel> jet heads - STYLES. An embarrassed New York
1 l^f LUPJI C A1/2O HANDKERCHIEFS b est 3e dozen firm In need of money. We bought their
fl •../ Wl^ \^ quality Dublin linen reat^^hemotitch At l\c HAIR PINS. beat quality Stock of Belts, their Beaded Bags and
I DU - : J'l \i k . . ed? worth 25c- now en ' r ' eatly nem SW" A T J^ C '- Japanned wire, good point! Indies' Pocket Books, and we will sell
I HAfi. r^Cje* r4 &k£S» I h~ 1* rnm OTDAvp'^Timt^ Box > now •¦ .....2&c them at ai^ extra remarkable low price.
§ M^ ° C - V» WG I TS At 50 EMHROinrRY 0 h ,Sr MBRI , C 4 Packages Hair Pins in cabinet 2v& Note the following;
B. / / /F \\ \ <• x I'l^'n. hish neck, long sleeves, tight fit- At 3^C LA DIES ¦ LMON SLITS, low ire^gM^gjJ in newest shape f*
H // / JaftL \ \U 'if brie, with insertions of torchon lace and -til—L Vip i silk> h X h neck, long kind you can-\
H W\ L4^3U&S^&\ \ #\vSl W finished with lace edge, extra dust ruf- !if eves A n ,!£ k * croc 5 T eted and drawn not lose money out of. f-. -,
R JFV^^nrW^^S^fAW-"" fle;'Hin en gth;extrawide.-Only«l.l!). through with tape. Now :.....S1.0O SOc and 40c purses; sale price.... 1J) C
tML^^SL^ *$^\S*n3S*M it 9 > LADIES'. BELT BUCKLES, At IOC 11^' HANDKERCHIEFS. 50e and 75c purses; sale price.... *5c
V=t£Z^-^*k*A V |^£2^Jr^%^ "- of best quality untarn- hrnl ]£ made of best Irish lawn, em- STEKL BEADED BAGS and CHATE-
T^^^^"^—^ ishaoie metal, in the new dip effect broidered and hemstitched edges. Only LAINE3, hand and machine made; new
§K^tff?^ — *'// '*l^^^ figure, lloral and scroll designs, in black, 'lOc frames and patent clasps.
aig^TTT^^Sr: *l] f^few prilt or oxidized metal; worth 50c and 75o. At 4Sc GENTS' INITIALED HAND- 75c and $1.00 bags; sample price. .r.Oe
EE&fe=s====S5 °| ' t l§g§a Now 25c: ¦ } T" KERCHIEFS, good Irish lawn, ?l-00- and S1.50 bags; sample price!! 75c
i^Sr^^^^=-? ' fit 7p SADIES' DRESS SHIELDS, hemstitched. Box of 6, now ,4Sc- Many more higher and lower prices
gE^g^f^' -=i ¦ _=^^^ : ftl I " best quality stockinet; good '¦' _ _ •"'--.
IWrnl^-^^gmi^ rt\£ a s&^ op-ass -l!nen |f|F Q R^ F N R F R R 816 MARKET st^et,
K^Rl^^^^ta u r <1 ?V d -T l ?? cnb Rui >™3"'W H n i>M& I
j^^^^^SBfe ~2^&>^^^||g^ and yellow; regular 50c ribbon. Now 19c ; Mall OPdePS SOlieiteli PHELAN BUILDING- £
<wL aK Specialists for Diseases o! Men— Thor-
ifSfeyiiSfV pusWy Reliable, Compstcnt and Exccp-
yiv^^S^ tionally Skillful in Their Treatment o!
•^^r^^^' Dissass. Over 25 Years' Experience \
If a man. is ailing from disease, contracted or inherited, it becomes a
serious question with him. as to what is to be done in order to be cured.
A man should want to be. a- man in the fullest sense, in perfect health and
vigor. In most diseases peculiar to meri nature will not reassert itself and
a cure come spontaneously. Help must be given;, nature receiving help
from skillful hands; conditions made normal; cause of trouble thoroughly
and .completely. eradicated from the system. Such being the case it be-
hooves the suffering man to select his Physician carefully, and one who
is skilled; a man of long and broad experience; one whose successful
treatment-has been most marked; a man of unquestioned reputation in his
?specialty.. ¦ In -fact, tan-, honorable, conscientious, skilled physician. Such
a man Dr.- Meyers & Co. offer you. ¦ It has been his aim to understand
thoroughly all diseases peculiar to men. Experience has been to him his
best teacher, v Constantly meeting' and combating alt forms' of disease;
.^conquering the worst forms of contracted and constitutional trovtble:
..treatipg hundreds of men from every section of the whole country, with. a
record; of cures that is in truth astonishing.
> - Many /a poor sufferer having been, pronounced beyond cure by other
physicians has been brought to perfect health under the careful, skillful
1 treatment of Dr. Meyers & Co. ' We have so perfected our "Home Cure"
; that patients may be treated by us at any place <.in the country. We prefer
a personal interview, but if you cannot gall, at office, write us, giving full
particulars of your case. Letters promptly answered.
731 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Office Houps-9 to 12, 1 to 4, 7 to 8. Sunday, 9 to 11.,
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
; I ~ ••_„ - 1_ -___,_¦__ "¦._ • :^~?^~~~~~~~'~~~~~
r v iT^crift1^^lkiiiiMiii'iiii'' '•'¦' '
i- j li ss ip^sss § is^skI Cf ill'
One of Matny
Combinations in ths bsst made, "by America's best makers of Fold-
ing Beds — this elegant one with ample bookcase and writing desk. We
pride ourselves on the workmanship, ease of handling, all around comfort
and adaptability of our Folding Beds— Upright, Alantle and Cabinet.
Special Trices This tOecK—so many
designs on the floor they're crotvding:
i 50.00— Hand polished golden oak; French mirror & two curved toilet cab-
inets. Looks more like a fine dresser than a bed. • Any QT rr/\
woman can easily handle these modern folding beds*)/ ¦Dll
| 45.00— Cabinet and two plate mirrors on top. Suspended woven wire
I mattress that easily adjusts to desired tension. Automatic op- /\/\
! locks work from center, no projections; polished golden oakOD.UU
35.00— Golden oak, enclosed case- Double, glass front bookcase on top,
hold a hundred books. Would not look out of place in the <y y n/\
library. A handsome design and a most comfortable bed Li a\j[)
22.50— Automatic lock opens with slight turn of one center handle. Re-
inforced woven wire mattress that wont sag. Golden finish * *y p- A
hard wood. Well made and finished. In U size onlyU.DU \ ¦
j Other Folding He ds as loto as £9.50, \
"Th« Credit Hows©." Six Stories High.
I 233-5-7 Post Street. Phone Private Ex. 37.A .Hartford woman '¦ accidentally, bated
her watch in a mine© pie. "
Cafe Zinkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's- 1 lunch. * ... •
. The management of tho . Fair estate
granted a renewal of the Lick House
lease for four years to George W. Kings
bury yesterday. In the lease the Fair es
tate inserted a clause that . Klngsbury
must expend at once not less than $40,000
in purchasing new; furniture.
Xiick House Lease Is Renewed.
San Francisco has at last placed at
street crossings to guide the citizen" or
stranger everlasting- porcelain enamel
signs made by- the Baker Letter Com
pany, 541 California street, which firm is
also now making the same kind for the
city of. San Jose. , •
PEBMANENT SIGNS AT CORNERS.
. The Board of Public Works received
bids yesterday for the contract of repav
ing Market street, 'between Twelfth street
and Van Ness avenue, and awarded it to
J. H. ' Blngham for $3877 15, he being the
lowest bidder.
Board Awards Contract.
The military people say that Harris was
merely • obeying his orders as a sentry,
which were to arrest all trespassers and to
fire upon them should they attempt to es
cape. .
Acting United States Attorney Banning
had a talk over the telephone yesterday
with tha adjutant general of the
Department o£ California with "ref
erence to the question of jurisdic
tion in the matter of the shooting of Nich
olas Beck by Sentry Louis Harris at Angel
Island last Wednesday night. Both offi
cials agreed that the State of California
had no. jurisdiction in the case of a homi
cide • committed on a Government reser
vation, and that the Federal courts had
exclusive jurisdiction. JJarrla may be
tried by court martial, or he may be sur
rendered to the United States Marshal for
trial in the United States Circuit Court iu
this city.
Acting upon this interpretation of the
law, the adjutant general has notified the
commandant at Angel Island to refuse to
deliver Harris into the custody of the
Marin Countv authorities.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists," SOc flask.} Richard & Co., 408 Clay. •
State Has No Jurisdic
tion Over Angel Island
Homicide.
Under .the terms of t the will; of. Adolph
G. Russ, the pioneer capitalist, who died
on th« 24th mat, his five children, all of
whom' reside in this city, will Inherit the
estate. . ; The will, which Is holographic
and ". bears the date of October 1, 1896,
was filed yesterday. .. .
Tha deceased directs that his five chil
dren, Lillie Brueckman, A. - H. . Russ,
Laura • B. WestDhal, , R.< R. Russ and -G.
A-' Russ, ' shall Inherit -his -estate,- share
and . share alike. ¦ His ; holdings . consist ; of
a, seventh interest In the Russ estate, a
lot on Folsom street, a lot on Sixth street
and the family residence on Columbia
Square.
Following is an extract from the will:
It is my wish that all my children shall live
In the old place as Ions as possible, and that
my daughter Llllle shall manage same as now,
and she shall be allowed $l.">0 a. month from
my Income. I desire at my death to have my
body cremated and the ashes put in the grave
with my wife, as I hope to be united with her
again In the other world. I hope that all my
children will live in harmony together, as peace
is always better than strife, which they will
discover if they examine tho history of the
Russ estate. ... . ¦ . ¦ ... • ¦
It is my wish and desire that my brother.
Henry B. Russ, and my eldest daughter, Lillie
Brueckm&n, act as my, executors, • without
bonds, as I place perfect confidence in their
integrity and capability. . and I hope my chil
dren will always be guided by their advice.
WANTS CASH HE PUT
UP FOB CONWAY'S BAIL
Archibald Campbell Claims Assistant
Bond Clerk Had XTo Bight
to Take It ,
Archibald -Campbell, . attorney and
bondsman for F. R. Conway.the default-
Ing clerk of Police Judge Mogan's court,
filed a petition with the Supervisors yes
terday for the return of the 5500 bail
money which he f urnished • f or Conway's
appearance, and which was ordered for
feited on Conway's failure to appear for
examination on June 23 last
Campbell states in his petition that he
deposited the $500 with Assistant Bond
and Warrant Clerk J. J. Greeley, who
had no legal authority to accept' any un
dertaking, bond or cash bail in cases of
felony by reason of the provisions of sec
tlcns 1268 and 1269 of the 'Penal Code,
which Campbell alleges gives the . sole
right to a court or magistrate to take
bail. , v •,
Following out Judge Sloss' decision,
Campbell further alleges that the provi
sion of the charter authorizing an as
sistant bond and warrant clerk to take
cash bail so far as it applies to felonies
is illegal and void, as being In" conflict
with the State law. , He contends that
the bail could not be legally forfeited.
FEDERAL COURT
MAY TRY SENTRY
A. delegation \ from vi the viHodcarrlera 1
Union appeared \ before the Board -V of
Works yesterday to urge that hodcarriera
employed in the building of brick sewers
Le paid $4 per day, instead of $3. It was
explained that the minimum union rate
was $3 and 53 50, but the. men were being
paid as high as $4 In many instances on
private work. Commissioner Casey asked
the representatives If they would be sat
isfied with $3 50, and upon being answered
In the affirmative the board took the
matter under ¦ advisement. It ¦ is under
stood that' the $3 50 rate 'will be paid.
Hod- Caxfiers ; Wait More Pay. j
Martin Kelly's old Fourth Congressional
District Committee met last night Since
this committee, was -created thedistrlct
has undergone reapportionment. Two As
sembly, districts formerly embraced In
the Fifth have been added to the Fourth
and one of the old districts of, the Fourth
has been placed in the Fifth.- and 'still
Kelly's committee claims jurisdiction.
The committee last night adopted a call
to elect- separate delegates' to ; the -Fourth
Congressional District convention to meet
in Sacramento -on: August 25. with power
to nominate a Congressman; or adjourn
elsewhere within the State for that pur
pose.-- ' ¦ '.. .- .-. ¦.¦'¦.-: -¦-,. ,
A sub-committee • of V twelve . was • ap
pointed with full power to draw . up ' the
call. M. A. Smith was : chairman of tho
meeting. ,;"';" ¦ . • .- ¦ • ..•..¦¦¦ , . .
¦ T J?. e Second Congressional District Re
publican^ committee, of which A.-B/lSq
mon and Walter Price are active mein
b^. rs> ?? et at . th J> Union League Club in
this, city yesterday to consider a call for
a convention. It was decided that del
egates^ to the State convention: from the
several counties of the district should
C0^PiS Is f A ; *# e c °n ven tion to nominate a
? an £VL at^ ' or .Congress. , It 'is probable
w»nL h t ¦ de iv5 at K l nominate
Frank L. Coombs before the State con
vention gets down to business. No oppo
sition to Representative Coombs I Is man
ifest and there are no signs of a fight I
Jn the Third Congressional District
there is no opposIUon to the renomination
of Victor H. Metcalf, and there is no dan
ger that the convention will subordinate
him to the ambition of any other candi
date for office. Republican citizens, how
ever, may be called on, to exercise spe
cial vigilance to prevent: Gage delegates
from stealing Into the convention under
the cloak- of • Metcalf 's popularity. The
push has abandoned al prletense of mak
ing an open, manly fight for Gage. The
scheme now is to tag him to a popular
candidate. ¦ ' ¦ , ¦ . , .
CONGRESSIONAL DISTEICTS ;
L^ST HOPE OF THE PUSH.
If Is the judgment of well-posted . poli
iifi^ 8 *h hat last hope of success
lies in the manipulating agency of the ma
chine county committee of this city. Un
der, the banner proclaiming "clean poli-
SSes ,, and home ru le." the com-
m »hf^ Vh endeavor to j organize district
S «L T , h , e / ] , an carefully omits mention
or time and place in the various districts
for such organization. This will be con
venient for the push, as It will enable the
gang to organize in one district on a cer
tain night and then, after a night's rest
visit another district and resume work
The voters, however, will not be deceived
to any alarming extent Republicans Will
not join a club .that bears the suspicion
of Gageism. The party has had enough
of Gage, Kevane and Aguirre.
a, ne .P u sh has received secret instruc-
Uona ,v" om the machine managers to ham
mer Mayor Schmitz. The bi| meeting^
Vallejp and the demonstration at stfek
fh n * Tn^ d the . Ga eeltes. It is hinted
that the Mayor Is arranging for a meet
ngrat Sacramento. The machine raanipu-
Among. well-known .public men In this
city yesterday were E. B. Edson of.Siskl
you; Senator Thomas Flint, San Benito;
Allen B. Lemmon, Walter Price and E.
P. Woodward, Sonoma; C. j M. Belshaw,
Contra. Costa; j John F. Davis, • Amador,
and Charles F. Curry, Secretary of State,
Sacramento. Senator ¦ Flint' has just re
turned, from the Yosemlte Valley.. Com
missioner^ Edson came . in j from Gazelle
for, a day to meet . some of his p politcal
advisers i in ¦ San , Francisco, . and went
north-again'. last night.- Something has
happened to cause considerable ' elation In
the Edson camp. The friends of this
Northern California aspirant for guberna
torial honor assert that he is daily gain
ing strength. Despite the old antagonism
between cattle men and sheep mea,
many of the- latter speak kindly of Ed
son. It Is noted that city politicians are
discussing the cattle man's chances and
predicting that quite a number of dele
gates from the metropolis will be found
In the Edson camp before the battle is
over. ¦ It is claimed that all the Republi
can differences in Sacramento have been
adjusted on the basis of a solid delega
tion for E. B. Edson for Governor. The
Wends of Slsklyou candidate also
maintain that. he will receive the undi
suppor . t of the Sha sta and Hum
boldt delegations.
Low prices and good work in making
over furniture; in dr. mattresses. -vHopka
Bros.^-Ul-^LSrPowell 'st:-; Phorie-Bush. 431. %¦
Friends of EdsbnElated
Over Prospects of
; V Cafctleman. . .
A. Ot. Russ Makes an'
Equal Division of
,-¦¦;: B^s : , :
GOSSIP IN CAMP
OF POLITICIANS
LEAVES ESTATE
TO HIS CHILDREN
There is a •possibility, that' Principal J.
B. O'Connor of I the Mission HighSchool
may have : to refund • part of his salary
for the month 6fJune<to the city. O'Con
nor is in^receipt of : $250 per month, 'and
on May, 22,'.- 1901,' was granted; a leave of
absence to v run until July. 22, 1901.- Tha
leave was extended for a period of seven
days in the , beginning ; of > the ~ last school
term, and, under: the rules it is said that
O'Connor .should £ forfeit 1-42 of -his
pay during, -.this vacation. O'Connor
drew his "full . month's pay for June,
but under, the,- rules .. It - may be that
he is only. entitled to -something like $180,
or $70 less. than the. amount he drew for
June. Another technicality , that ; may be
raised .is that; its '.the; board by -resolution
granted O'Connor, a leave Tof :absence dur
ing vacation, ". he .,was not entitledto pay
,during last iyear*aj,vftcatloh, s ' which .would
necessitate a refund to the city of about
$250. . :- ;
Principal O'Connor's ' Salary.
. Mr. Underhill left last evening for i hia
home at Santa . Barbara to settle up his
affairs before moving to this city perma
nently.' .'•:¦¦;¦.:';> ¦ •.•:•:-.¦•..• ¦¦.:,.¦-
It was during the visit of Mr. Harri
man in San Francisco that "Frank" Un
derhlll accepted the invitation of Mr.
Beylard and took the coach Pioneer out
for a daily trip to the Cliff House. On
this particular, trip Mr. Underhill became
displeased ; at j the . actions of one I of the
passengers of the coach and, handing the
reins over to the guard of. the coach, Gra
ham, came ; back to the city on a" street
car. . ¦ '< ¦ ¦¦-¦,.-¦.•, ¦'. -.¦ 1 -...',- ,. .
'When President Harriman was out here
recently Mr. Underhill joined the party
In Southern California and was one ' of
the guests of the great railroad magnatd
for several weeks- of his itinerary. At
all functions in the city Mr. Underhill
was the right hand man of Mr. Harri
man and helped to make the 60 journ of
the Misses Harriman in San Francisco a
pleasant one. •- .-
There is no more popular club man In
the State than "Frank" Underhill. For
many years he has made his residence
at Santa Barbara, and he was instrumen
tal in bringing polo up to. a high stand
ard in the ' southern part of the' State.
He is also much in demand in New York
and no horse show at Madison Square
is thought complete without Underhill in
the sawdust ring to assist in the judging
of the horses' fine points. ;
What this position is has^not been an
nounced, but many of the leading officials
in the Vyellow building" "have heard of
the coming appointmeqt and are doing
seme tall guessing as- to whether they
will be called upon to resign.
"Frank" Underhill .returned from New
York yesterday morning and spent a few
hours at the Palace.! .While at the hotel
he imparted the information to a few of
his most intimate friends that - he will
be appointed shortly to a very responsi
ble position : with ,the Southern Pacific
Company and that he will make his resl
derce in this city. ¦
¦ .--..¦¦ • ¦ ¦
The latest, fad Is for' society men to
enter the railroad service. The most re
cent recruit from swelldom is Francis
Underhill, the crack polo player and au
thority on tho handling of the "ribbons"
¦when tcolins a ma'i coach. ; :'.
Scheduled for Responsible Po
sition With Southern
Pacific. V
Prank; Underhill Will
Enter Employ of
Harriman.
Landlady Discovers Bodies
When She Goes to
Make Bed.
William Henderson, an ex-soldier, and
James Donovan, at one time a showman
in Manila, met death from asphyxiation
in a room at 133 O'Farrell street some
time yesterday. Their bodies were dis
covered . yesterday afternoon by Miss
Mary Gellispie, landlady of the premises.
According to Miss Gelliaple, Donovan
called at the house last Wednesday and
rented the room. When he rented the
room he informed : her that he would re
main out late at night and requested her
not to wake him in the morning. . '.
Friday night Donovan .was accompanied
to his apartments by Henderson, whom
he invited to spend the night with. him.
Yesterday morning about 5:30 o'clock the
landlady detected the odor of gas. - She.
notified the gas company and a man was
sent to investigate. He discovered a
small leak in one of the pipes downstairs
and plugged it with soap for the time
being. As the odor of gas still permeated
the house, Miss Gellispie says she went
to Donovan's room and knocked. He re
sponded, she. says, and , In answer to her
inquiry said the gas was not escaping In
bis room. - „ . .
About 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon,
however, Miss Gellispie went to the room
to make the bed. Opening the door with
a pass key, she entered the apartment
and was met with the overpowering odor
of gas. .
On investigating she found that gas was
escaping from a jet turned full on and
Donovan and Henderson were both in bed.
She called to Donovan, but receiving no
response called W. T. Watters, who-waa
visiting in the house. Watters hurried
to tha room, and after a hasty examina
tion pronounced both the occupants of
the room dead. ,
The Coroner was : notified and took
charge of the. bodies. In Henderson's ef
fects were found discharge papers from
the army, showing that h© had served in
the United States signal corps, that he
was formerly a telegraph operator and
:hat'he was a native of Edinburgh, Scot
and. Donovan's body was identified by
iloward Phillips and H. Marks. .
It is the opinion of the police and the
Coroner that), the men met death - acci
dentally. . . - -..-.:
North Shore Railroad.
The North Shore Railroad has arranged
an, attractive array of excursions for the
Fourth of July holidays and special re
duced rates have been made to all points
between San Francisco and Cazadero.
Tickets sold for all regular trains on
July 3, 4 and 5 and on the special trains
Thursday and Saturday afternoons will
have the special rates and be good to re
turn on or before July 7.
July Fourth . there will be a special
excursion to Cazadero and all way points,
returning the same night. Arrangements
are also being made to handle the visitors
to the "carnival" at San Rafael ;¦ trains
leaving that place as late as 10:30 p. m. on
the 4th and 5th and 10:15 p. m. on the
other nights/ \
The Governor having declared Satur
day,- July 5, a legal holiday, the North
Shore will run its boats and trains on
Sunday -time schedule on both Friday and
Saturday. -. .. . • • . ;.-. .
In the Divorce Court.
. Abraham Inn enbarg -has brought a suit
for divorce against Annie Innenberg, to
whorii' he was • married • }n August, 1900.
¦He alleges desertion and cruelty.: "They
have 'one child. Millie L. Overbeck is su
ing Harold H. Overbeck i for divorce ' for
desertion. They were married. at St. Paul
in 1888 and have two children. . Alola C.
Deltrick brought suit for divorce against
James Henry Deitrick on the ground of
desertion yesterday. They were married
in Indiana in 1879. She alleges that Delt
rick abandoned her three years ago.
Judge Hebbard granted Frederick Ander
sen'a divorce from Alisa Andersen for
desertion yesterday. They were married
In 1897, Mrs. Andersen leaving her husband
the following year.
Eeklns Van and Storage Co. will move your
household roods rain or shine. 630 Market at. *
Woman Charges Fraud.
Mrs. E. M. Lipka filed a suit for J1000
damages against E. C. Hetzel, John Cole
man and, J. O'Brien yesterday, alleging
that they while conducting a bucket' shop
under the firm name of Hetzel & Co. ob
tained that amount from her to Invest in
stocks and bonds. She alleges that the
transaction was fraudulent. Sho paid the
money, she alleges, to Moss & Co. of 632
Market street as agents for HetzrJ & Co.
William Henderson and
•James Donovan Meet
Dftath
FROM TALLY-HO
TO OFFICE DESK
HOST AND GUEST
ARE ASPHYXIATED
THE .SAN FRANCISCO :CALL V : SUNDAY V : JIJ]SiE3 y 29, 1902.
26
P. C. Crumbaugh, Mrs. C. E. Brown
and George "Wallhead, all of Red Bluff
and creditors of J. E. Underhill, a butcher
of that place, filed a petition yesterday
in the United States District Court ask
ing that Underhill be declared an invol
untary insolvent. They allege that he
owes them .more than $500, and that he
has committed an act of Insolvency by
transferring his | property to J. I. Casale
and J. C. Robins.
In voluntary Insolvent.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"HEAL.-THB SICK" «
THE PERFECTED
OXYGENIOR KING
Is not a medicine, not a .faltK ; cure, nor a
humbug, nor la It a device Intended to lure
money from sick and Buffering humanity. ;
applied to the body aa directed it cor-
rects all deviations from •; the • '.-, normal and
proves ever and always, aa entailing heaier—
man's best friend.
"How does it heair you ask. By making
operative nature's laws through their scientific
and direct application -.- ' ¦ ,
I would not part with my Oxygenor for kny
consideration if I could. not get another
»« « (Rev > H. JACOBSON,
85 Pine St., Cambridgeport. Mass. :
CaTu^hi^^dlng!" 118 fre r " ° Ur -° MCe V 2M
CALlFORNiA GXYGENOR CO.
AGENTS WANTED. .
SHIRT WAIST SALE
$1,OOEAGH
Jff&fc Monday morning we shall place . on ,
JS&Mgfo special sale another grand lot of white and
colored Shirt Waists. In the assortment
\*jf are fifty dozen -handsome white lawn
waists of thin sheer material; handsomely
/ffiffw^WWft trimmed with • fine : embroidery, ' clusters
fn *$i"$P 1 1 ° f tucks and hemstitching, and; all in
VmX'WWfmi new •¦¦Gibson .styles.;- There^ will also be on ¦
K^^g^pSl sale a splendid lot of grass linen and
N^^^Bjjgk^^ striped madras waists. You will wonder
. how such pretty waists as these can be
sold at such, marvelously low: prices;, but-
low prices, coupled : with good merchandise, ; has made this
store famous in the past three years. - ;
Crash Petticoats Lawn Kimonas
"•We have sold hundreds '6L these 'If t you intend goinj? to the coun-
. Petticoats and expect to sell hun-; try one of . these I Kimonas might
dreds morelat this price. .They add to your comfort-:— they are
meet all requirements,' for" both' very cool and comfortable:-, they
country:and city wear; they are are "made ..from pretty colored
( . dust color,. cool and comfortable. lawns'and 'i dimities with either
• have d.eep,/ accordion - pleated white or; -colored, facinj?. On
flounces; cut in full liberal sizes in sale in .the ..muslin underwear
all lengths; .sale. price . , " u ¦ '¦' . department for ¦
'¦'';. ;^I>i2S ';¦•• :¦¦' ' 75c •¦.,•..'¦.", -
More Wrappers Sh<i*t Waist Suits
¦ ;-' «¦ . ' ' • , • 'The season-^: favorite styles, be- .
Two., weeks ago j we had a .special .ing the Uoremost .popular : dress
• sale of ladies house wrappers in for'^ country , and outing vvear-
.our basement^ salesroom. ) but . made from, pretty -cotton mercer: N
Jhere jer^ not , enough , to go ; ized fabrics th at wash.- a& :
,. around.- W er thinkwe;:have:for ( , grass .linens;^ lawns and 'dimWe?
:¦ Monday s.selhngrvtheycome^n thcVrare . v^ry^popular at the •
• ; lawn ; and : percale ; : in hglit -and .. .Eastern .^seShoreS^.^hS 'ar| ;
$S- C °^'^f 32 tO 46: — " as "tub"/dresses:^ehlve^
?i. 5 o, sale price ¦ them -in all {sizes -and Colors at
$5.OO
jf^ib i^^^k i^^^V 0 i^
, GEORGE MAYESLB.
#BEWARE
OPIMPOSTORS!
The genuine MayerlVs Glasses caanot b« had
r??2 l E .JS vennc oPWc'ana. but must b« ordered
PRI^iiS?^* 1 ? ORIGINAL GEORGE MAY-
«7tr^', W J 1 Market St.. near Seventh (opposita
Hibernia Bank). None GENUINE without May-
« Ie » trade mark (an Eye with a Crown) and
the full name. "Georse Mayerle."
Any person representing:
/Ssn.^"* =v==a 51 mseIf as the Original
Mayerle of San Francisco
rzfzFZ- awSw* or to be in any way con-
HiE?™^" nected with him Is an im-
postor.
OFFICE CHIEF OF, POLICE.
Pit srives me. mtich pleasure to recommend to
•the puillc Mr. GEOKGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket st...S. F. I have been using glasses for th»
paat four years, and during that time have con-
sulted several opticians, but not until I con-
suited Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and had him fit
glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfaction.
Most respectfully. J. H. ANDERSON
Sergeant of Police. San Francisco.
NOTICEI
Xeglected Eyesight affects
tne Brain. Ths genuine May-
""^^SJS^Sfcnerle-s glasses strengthen th*
£A3&§SiJ±' *y? and brain. To avoid mls-
ttyByjr* takes look for Mayerle's trade
. " '' „ ma rk (an Eye with a Crown x
and the full name. "GEORGE MAYERLE"
German Optical Institute, Charter Member
American Association of Opticians; also th»
number—
1071 MARKET ST.. NEAR SEVENTH •
(Nearly Opposite Hibernia Bank).
T e I i»^S?, tl LP'~ German Eyewater 50c
Tr« T |: E 7«? EP^ KTtJBE by GEORGE MAT-
ERLE of the German Optical Institute— A
S^if e correspondence course in the science
of fitting glasses. Tuition fee, $100. A diplo-
Op a tlcarin d stUute: ery gradUat8 ** **
— —^ »»^
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselop-at-Law
U.;s. Court. Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office. .United States and For-
eign Patents. Caveats. Trade Marlta and
Copyrights.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W.
Opp. V. S. Patent Office.^ ashioqtoa» D.C.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
K BA^ N ,L Xi *P "WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
~lt n^e* Md renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. SOc to $1 50 day^
J5 to *8 week; |3 to $20 month. Free batS-
hot and cold water every room; flra graU^la
every room; elevator runs all night. ' °
HOUSEKEEPING GOODS
175 pairs '-Irish Point, Re- 50 pairs TAPESTRY POR- 55 '
nalssance and Paris Point TIERES, witn yenj hani-
LACE CURTAINS, in Wnlte, some fringes, gool assort- v3
Ecru and AraDlan shades, rnent of colors and full
all latest noveltg designs, length and width.
S3. 50 Pair. $3.50 Pair.
60 pairs Extra Fine NOT* 75 TapestPD TABLE COV-
TINGHAM CURTAINS, Doth ER-S, two nards sojuare and
White and Cream* In two, reYerslhle, heavu knotted
three and four palp lots, fringes and all good color-
all this season's lmporta- Ings,
tlon. To close SI. 75 Each.
$3.00 Pair. 175 d Ozell Bleached DamasK
2 cases Satin Marseilles DINNER NAPKINS, In a
BEDSPREADS, In White great vapietu of designs and
onlu, full size, hemmed and vern heavu aualltu of linen,
good assortment of patterns. S2.00 Dozen.
$1.50 Each. One case (20 pieces) 72-IncH
200 dozen Extra Large Loom Bleached Satin TABLE DA-
HUCK TOWELS, alreadu MASK,- extra: heayu and
hemmed, onlu red horders veru hanlsome designs.
(Irish manutectupe). $1.00 Yard.
$1.75 Dozen. Napkins to match damasK,
2 hales ; All- Wool GRAY 24 Inches struare.
'BLANK ETS, extra fine $3.OO Dozen.
.;iiualltB v size fop three- One case (40 pieces) Checked
auarter heds. This Blan- GLASS LINEN, Irish manu-
ket is yeru deslrahle for facture and 18 Inches wide,
camping purposes. assorted colors.
$3.00 Pair. I2lc Yard. >
We -will also offer this week a large assortment of
GENUINE FRENCH PRINTED SATEENS, 32 Inches wide,
at -- ¦¦•••-; lOc per Yard
Our Mail Order Depaptment Is most complete. All
orders for samples op goods : filled and shipped same
dag theu are received.'
111. 113. us. 117. 119/ 121 post street: ri^/;
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' " ' ,' * .
j; I I IJ3BW I Wwft»y aWi M^mk. BB ' I» 1^9 #^% S9 SsSw Km a^fl *
. .- ; - ?¦:¦ ¦ . #* .y ¦-;¦;¦¦;•¦ ¦¦¦ ;;, \;.
Never -within the. memory 01 San hrancisco shoppers has such a .
bargain carnival' been conducted. Dry goods, have been ' sold at special
prices, closing out saleschayebeen conducted, and events of considerable
magnitude in the .dry goods- world have been advertised, but nothing has
! caused the crowds or.^^the- talk-that the closing out sale of the Market street
.store of Kphlberg, Strauss : &Frohman .has created.- r ; .
Hundreds of women are returning to the store every day to take ad-
i vantege of the bargains offered; they are supplies enough to last them
for the next six months and a year. Boarding-house keepers and hotel keep-
| ers are buying their linens and r lankets and bedding in immense quantities—
{ women from. Alameda, Oakland and all nearby towns are advantage,
i of the- tremendous reductions. ; N . V
Dress goods, silks, wash goods, ready made wear of all -descriptions,
j shirt waists, separate skirts, table linens, blankets: and bedding, ribbons,
| | laces, gloves, veilings, etc., allon the bargain counters. ..
Gome early, if possible — many extra salesf oiks here to serve you, and
• every facility that good storekeepingcan devise is here to help : make your
| buying easy. £$S¥? ¦
i Dress Goods end Domestics for sale at Market street store only— alt other goods for, sals at both stores.
j^^~ l 107^109 PO3lT ii tl " ' [| tl^ t^iiflLlgB|iBBi^
I <K^iZto-iLZZ Market ir^J^l^^^ ;
p. KATSeHINSKI
[j PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
|j 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.:
is I ¦¦¦- t-f *¦* - ' ' Vyri§ S
I A GREAT SACRIFICE!
I ? A bargain like this Is not offered
{I every day. so come early. Remem-
II ber the Philadelphia Shoe Com-
J I pany never misleads the public
j I Ladies' tan vici kid lace shoes, clr-
f j cular vamps and heel foxing, new
fl coin toes and tips, extension soles
1 1 fair stitched and military heels.
j| Reduced to {51.7O- Widths A to
I i E. sizes 2% to S. Formerly sold for
II $2.50.
STRAP SANDALS.
| Remember Fourth of July Is
near. We have especially adapted
to thi» season of the year ladies'
vici kid one-strap sandals, with
bow, plain coin toes, hand turned
eolcs and medium leather heels.
Reduced to SOc Widths B to E
sizes 2\i to 8. - • *'-•'¦
MEN'S TAH OXFORD TIES.
There is nothing more suitable
" for summer than tan oxfords. We
want to reduce our tan stock. . For
this reason we will --sell our odd
lots of men's tan calf oxfords, wide
Ixincon toes and tips, hand. welted-
eoles. Widths.C.-D'and E: sizes 6
to 1L Reduced to SI .25- For-
merly sold for 52.50 and $3.00.
NOTICE: Thursday evening be-
lne the night before the Fourth of .
July, we will REMAIN OPEN UN-
TIL 10 O'CLOCK.
Eend for our new Illustrated Cata-
logue. Just out.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO-
10 Third SL, San Francisco.
1 HE J. NOONAN FURNIl URE CO.
TWO ACKES OF CHAIR : S^ Jables, -Dayenports/ Parlor and (^am-
. . . . . T ber Suites,; Kitchen .Furniture— in fact
everything, to -furnish your -house., completely and well. The best chair* fnr
the- smallest amount of money. W ev C r heard of/ Come to us and you ie
' s * ur i of ,f ettin f 4 he , corre ct ; thms: an d : at ; such low prices as to sn»rise \ *l
A. fine llne^^drp^-.cai^^^asi^oTmaboTer.in-yidS^"^ j£
hoganyfinish, .cane .seat or upholstered in.velonr, It bed-rock prfces. ;
WE OUR OWN BUILDING— WE PAY NO RRvr
THE :¦ jJrU^SX^^J^^^r^': ,nc
1017-1023 MUwlon Sti^et. above Sixth.^^ Kan^•¦n^fac^T ' * -. ?.":?"i
WBCLOSB;AT:6 P. M. EVERY PAY BXCEPX SATURDAv7~j SAN FRANCISCO GIRLi* WHO
WAS PRESENTED AT ED
WARD'SCOURT. -.
• It Is estimated that there are over 1,003,000
stars In .the Milky "Way. Go to Lick Observa
tory Eome Saturday* .night- and -try to count
them. The Hotel- Vendome, San Jose, - besides
being, the most popular society . resort, * U ' the
headquarters for ' all Lick Observatory trav
elers. " ¦ ¦ ¦ i • '.'¦¦:¦ ¦¦ ; ¦¦-. : . ¦ * '"•
See the Stars.
Captain. Schell of the United States Im
migrant • Bureau at this port ' has placed
Mrs.MutsuJn the;Chinese Mission Home,
to be detained as "a ".witness againstlno
suki .Yamanaka, who is charged. -with
having ; imported the : woman for Immoral
purposes.' :.t : W ' : ' ¦ ! \
Yamanaka to Be Prosecuted.
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi-',
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate Dining C»rc, in which are eerred Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public JAT'W. ADAMS.
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building, San Fran
cisco, cai. Mtajaa -
When the four cases against Joseph
King, "the convict preacher," charged
•with burglary, were callc-d In Judge Law
lor's court yesterday his attorney Inti
naled that he would apply for a writ -of
habeas corpus for JCing's release on th<j
ground that the evidence taken In the
Police Court was insufficient to hold the
defendant. Meantime the cases were con
tinued til! July 2 for the defendant to
plead. . •
King Wants His Freedom.
Joseph Ryan, bartender ln ; a saloon on
East street, near Commercial, .was ar
rested yesterday on a. warrant from
Judge Mogan's court charging him with
battery. The complaining witness Is Jes-
Ble Martinez, 11 Commercial street. She,
alleges that she and -two friends went to
the saloon last Tuesday and she ordered
drinks for herself and 'friends.. Ryan also
look a drink and charged her for it.
When she objected : Ryan grabbed hold of
her and threw her out of the saloon,
breaking her arm In two places and di3
locating her shoulder.
Breaks a Woman's Arm.
Bunko Men Must Leave City.
Ed Price and Ed , Murphy, bunko men.
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday oh
a. charge, of .vagrancy. The'Judsje had to
dismiss the. cases i.as. the complaints were
for "one day,", but he told the defendant^
to. leave. '.the. city, and complimented the
officers for arresting them, thereby acting
for- the- good of the. community. He in
structed the officers to bring the men in
again if they did not leave the city. --
John • Shea, - Harry Walters and Phil
Ryan, bunko- men, .were arrested by De
tectives Crockett and Rlordan - yesterday
morning and' booked at the City Irlson
for vagrancy. ¦ ¦
The decision of Judge de Haven in the
Camou case was that there was no law
of Congress defining as a penal offense
the pasturing of sheep on a Government
forest reserve, the prohibition being ex
pressed in a regulation of the Department
of the Interior, and that Congress could
not legally delegate to the Secretary of
the Interior its power to make laws.
Since the decision was handed down the
Federal authorities have resolved to In
voke judicial Injunctions to prevent the
forest reserves from being damaged, 5f
not destroyed, by the incursions of sheep
rr.en rr.-j their flocks. -Ti ¦¦!
In accordance with a decision rendered
fcy United States District Judge de Ha
ven a few days ago in the case of the
United States- vs. Peter Camou, indicted
for pasturing sheep on the Sierra forest
reserve, acting - United States Attorney
Canning entered a nolle prosequl yester
day In the cases of Joseph Eraptl, alias
JoBeph Rentier, and John Doe Webb, In-
Oicted for a similar offense.-
United States Attorney Banning
in Trespass Cases.
IlbUe Prosequl Entered by Acting:
TWO MOBE SHEEP MEN
HA33E HAPPY BY DE HAVEN
District No. 1 — Del • Norte,- Tontockett No.
156.' Herbert J. Thomas. Tontockett No. • 150,
Crescent City. ¦ No. 2— Slskiyou. Siskiyou No.
183, Etna No. 192, Liberty No - 193, George W.
Smith, Etna No. 132. Etna. Glskiyou County, i
No. 3 — Trinity,- Shasta and ! Tehama, Mount
Bally No. 87. • McCloud No. 149. D. E. Ryan,
Mount Bally No. 87. Weaverville.* -No. 4—
Humboldt, Humb'oldt ¦ No. "14, Arcata | No. 20,
Golden Star No. £8, Ferndale No. 93. Commo
dore Sloat No. 107,- James D. Fraser.- Humboldt
No. 14, Eureka. Humboldt " County. ¦ No. 5 —
Mendocino, Broderick ' No. 117, Alder Glen No. :
200. Greenwood No. 210." "William Dougherty,
Greenwood '. No. * 209. Elk. Mendocino County.
No. 6 — Lassen, Lassen No. 99, Honey Lake No •
1P8. . H. W.. , Bennett, Lassen No. 99, . Busan
.ville. Lassen County. .No." 7— Lassen, Big Val
ley No. 211; S. • D. Sheppard, Big Valley • No.
211, Bieber, Lassen County. No.' 8 — Plumas,
Quincy No. , 131, H. . S. Lee. Qulncy No. 131,
Qulncy. Plumas County.. ,- No.. 9 — Butte, Argo
naut No. 8: Chlco No. 21, George E. Springer,
Argonaut No. 8, Oroville, Bntte County. . No
10 — Yolo. Woodland No. • 30, Winters ') No. 163.
R G. Lawson.- Woodland' No. 30, Woodland
Yolo County.;- No. 11 — Sierra. Downieville No.
92/ Golden Nugget No. 94, - Golden Anchor No
182, W I. Redding-.. Downieville No. 92 Dow
nieville. No. 12— Nevada and ' Placer. Hy
draullc^No. 56, Quartz No. 58, Auburn No. 59
Donner No. 162.' William J.' Morris. Quartz No
CS. Grass Valley. No. 13 — Nevada and Placer
Mountain No. 126, Prospect No. 201, Cape
Horn No. 203. .. Frank M. Rutherford. Donner
No. 1Q2. Truckee. ,* No."14 — Tuba, Friendship
No. '78 Marysville No: 6, Rainbow No. '40 •
Thomas H. Richards. Marysville No. 6,«. Marya.
vllle, ; Tuba' County. No. 15 — Lake,
Lower Lake > No. 159, ,- Bert Levy,
Ix>wer Lake , , No. -'169.- Lower . Lake.
No ltt— Sonoma. Santa Rosa No. 28, Sotoyome
No. ' 68, Glen : No. 102, : Hartley W: Got
tenberg, • Sonoma No. 111. Sonoma, - Sonoma
County. ' No. ¦ 17 — Sonoma; Bear • Flag - No. 27
Sonoma No. 111. Altamont No; 167,. Frank E.
Dowd i Santa Rosa No." 28, Santa Rosa." No. 18
— Marin, Mt. " TamalDaia No. : 64, Seat>oint No.
158, Nlcasio - No. 183, Thomas P. Boyd, Mt.
Tamalpais | No. 64, ¦ San Rafael; 1 Marin County
No. 19— Contra Costa, General .Wlnn No 32
Mt Diablo No. : 101,' Byron , No. £70. , Sunrise
No. 204,: Carqulnez No. 205; Charles, M. Bel
shaw, General ¦ Winn No. ¦' 32, Antioch. Contra
Costa County. : No.. 20-r-Solano- (except Vallejo
No' 77), Solano No. 39; Dixon No., 60^ -Rio Vista
No. 199, Harry; McFadyen. Dixon:No. 60.; Dix
on,". Solano County.-. No/ 21 — Napa' and Solano,
St. Helena No.'. 53. Napa No. 62. Calistoga No
S6. .Vallelo No.' 77, Harry T. Stevens, -Vallejo
No. 77, •Vallejo,: Solano County. No. 22 — Sac
ramento, Sacramento * No.' 3,. Sunset No.. 20,
Granite N6;?83," Courtland No. 106, George A.
Grand President Lewis F. Bylngton ot
the Native* Sons of the Golden West has
appointed district deputies to assist him
during the present term,' as"follows:
ment of Native Sons of
Golden West.
Those Who Will Work 1 for Advance-
H. Schumann, broker, 36 Geary street,
secured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Robert Lawless, a
race horse man, on a charge of grand lar
ceny by trick and device. Schumann al
leges that on April 16 last Lawless offered
to sell him the race horse St. Ftancis for
$75. They went to the Leepalmer saloon,
where Schumann handed the $73 to Law
less who asked to be excused for a few
minutes till he got the bill of sale. Law
tees left the saloon and Schumann says he
has not seen him since nor has he got
possession of the horse.
Lawless was arrested November 18, 1S97.
for playing sharp tricks upon business
men and others, among- them Edward M.
Greenway, the society leader, and was
booked on two. charges of obtaining
money by false pretenses. The charges
were later changed to petty larceny and
he was tried by a Jury In the late Judge
Campbell's court. on the Greenway charge
and acquitted. The other charge was dis
missed. He used to telephone. to his vic
tim, representing he was a friend, asking
him to pay charges on a parcel that would
be delivered. The parcel generally con
tained bottles filled with water. .
Lawless did not profit by the lesson and
on February 24, 1SS8, he was arrested for
tending a forged telegram to Henry, Mil
ler of Miller & Lux, with intent to de
fraud him. ; He was convicted In- the" Su
perior Court and on May 7 was sen
tenced to serve one year in the County
Jail on that charge and another year for
felony. ' "' '¦. : r
Lawless on Charge of Grand
Larceny, j
Warrant Out for Arrest of" Robert
GRAND PRESIDENT NAMES
'..,'JL LONG LIST OP DEPUTIES
nine ; and • whit* : heather, all tied -with
tvhlte' ribbon. . ; ; : .. _ .;;. -.•¦ •¦. j 5 , -;,^
... .. ,,..,. , ., . , . ... .
ciflc Cat Club, will hold a rummage sale
tor the benefit of th© ¦ new : organization
on the property of -the Society for th»
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals- at Six
teenth and Alabama streets during th»
week commencing July. 7-~
Peake, Rlncon No: 72, San Francisco. , Ne>. 47 — |
¦ San Francisco.' California No. 1, Bay City No.
104, Niantic- No. 105— Robert" P. Troy. San
Francisco* No. '-.49. San Francisco. ¦ No. 48 —
San Francisco. Mission No. 38, Hesperian .No.
137. Dolores - No. «208 — W. .J. Donlon, Presidio
.No.' 104,>San"Fxarjcisco.'No. 49 — San Ftanclsco,.
Stanford No. . 76f$Eout h San 'Francisco No. ,- 157,
Presidio ' No. 104—John P. . Coghlan, Golden
: Gate No.' 20, ¦ San 'Francisco. No. • 50— San
Francisco.- Rlncon No. 72,' Yerba Buena No. 84,
PrecMI 4 No. > 187, -Army - and Navy No. 207t—
James P.-Dockery. California No. 1. San Fran
cisco. .'.-. No." •¦51 — San Francisco, National No.
•118,'-; Alcalde: No. 154. Sequoia No. 160— J. J.
Greeley. El Dorado • No. 52, : San Francisco.
! , '¦ ¦- District ¦' deputy « grand presidents at i large^ — ¦
John- Porcher,, Mission Parlor No. SS: Hugh J.
Mclsaac, 1 Nioasio No. 183:, Henry • F. Pernau.
California No.'1:.'F.'- A.' Stephenson, . Ramona
No. 109: Henry. LI tchensteln. Alcatras No. 145;
¦A. 'E; Gould,' Golden Anchor, No." 182; R.- D.
¦Barton. Sequoia / No. 160; C. B. Ardltto. Ex
celsior. No." 81 ; C Julius Janssen, HumboIdtNo.'
14; Roland M.' ,R6ach, Pacific No. lOr-I* .C.
Plstolesi, i S«qupIa:No. 160; Maurice H. 1 Squires,
South San -Francisco.No. 157; F.iP.'Cady.'Las
.sen Now DO; B. : V., Sargent, Santa Lucia No.- 97;
F:Gi Norman Jr.i. Hesperian No. 137;. Clarence.
M.'-VHunt,"-, Sacramento : No. •3;.F. ; -C. Hauck,
Golden Star. No.". 88: L. E. : Derre. -Alcalde No.>
154: T. H. Behnke. Liberty No. 193; M.-Dlnkel
epeil.-.-Solano 'No.. 39; J...A." Rivera. Redland3
.No.''16S:. J:..-BouteUe TUley," Arcata No.- 20; J.'
F. Hanson,'; Alameda 'No-^47,' E. F. Garrison.
Athens -No.-' 195; .William -Barton, Presidio
No.5194. :'.. •.":.••>•,¦;,' >¦' . < -^': ¦'./• i .•"'- ~''; : ~-.;\ j '
• OBSTRUCTIONS • ON" LY02T
:^'.' f ASTBEET; ABE ILLEGAL
City, Attorney Lane Defines Align -
. ,; ment . of Thoroughfare to Ee as
' * it Exists at Present. ; r
... Clty_ Attorney Lane Informed -the Board
of Supervisors in -an opinion yesterday
that; any obstructions" that may,. exist-on
Lyon" street; except on; the Miranda, grant,
are . without right as against the city.
Lane says, however, that he cannot speak
definitely as to any particular obstruction
which : may exist, except after an exam
ination . of ian abstract of,- title covering
the; part' involved. .The. opinion, whlcn
also fixes -the true:; alignment- of Lyoa
street as.lt exists at - present, continues:
'.. The location of Lyon ' street from, the bay
*hore;on the north isth« southeastern corner
or the Presidio Reservation/ which Is Just nortu
ot. Pacific avenue, is definitely settled.. and In
cludes all 'land within- eighty feet , measured at
Tight-angles eastwardly from the easterly line
«l the Presidio, -as said easterly lin« now exists
and is marked upon the ground. The street as
dedicated traverses a. small Spanish grant.
"sometimes called the Miranda grant and some
times the Figueroa grant.. which Includes near
ly 300 running feet of Lyon street. That grant
having . b««n . connrmed by the Board • of Land
Commissioners ¦ and ! a patent from the ..Uniud
States having issued from -th» confirmees.
It was not within the power ¦. of the United
States to impose the easement of a street there
on.-But the' remainder of the street was prop
erty, of the -.United States at the time of dedi
cation and therefore. capable of being subjected
to the easement named. -This office has no
means of- making a survey, and. I am unable to
Inform you, whether there are any obstructions
within' the limits .named. , That matter, you
can doubtless determine , through another de
r partment. " , " , . ¦.¦:.-
The -News Letter. C '
J To-day's San '.'Francisco \ Niws \ Letter { con
tains . as: a 'a -.maffniflcent'. portrait
fo:KIng.Edward.".and the .verses to the.'str"ck-~
en . monarchy written by *. "Wallace Irwln,', are
among, the best ; things he has ever* done.. : Irene
Wright," .a j new j contributor, 'has ; a - charming
story.'*-."That l - Mexican •• Entanglement," >-whlch
is- f ull. of ; the .'romance and enchantment of our
sister republic: * The Looker On discusses the
possibility -of ;Paul Kruger- ascending , the . Eng
lish-throne, and ibesldes has. a lot of enter
taining gossip • ot * prominent . people. ¦ ".Tlotlon
From - Real" 1 Life,". .' Is 'a. ¦, realistic . Chinatown
sketch.'" "A Historical 'Novel Trust" la ;»¦ de
lightful- satire on'. the '¦ present literary- situa
tion. , - The - old- newspaper man continue* "his
reminiscences, ¦ telling . of our early municipal
government-V- In ."Campaign 1 Echoes" . the ¦ sit
uation '; is . thoroughly discussed. In ¦ flnance,"
Insurance,* literature; drama,- society, .the I News
Letter Is \ thoroughly ¦ up -to- - data, and . : all
through Is -bright, \ original; clever and • apa'rk-'
ling."---::-. ¦'¦;¦•- ••-.-.•.-:•..•-"••. --y- - f •.--••• '
' The - California Northwestern Railway
on Friday. July 4, will operate" on. the fol
lowing : schedule between San , Francisco
and San:. Rafael, . via Tlburon ferry:
Leave San Francisco 7*50, 8:30, -9, JO, 10:30,
11 and 11:30 . a. ,m., 12 m., ¦ 12:35, 1:30, 3:30,
5:10 and 6:-T0 p. m. Leave San Rafa«l 6:ffi,
7:33;<7-50, '9:20.' 11:15 a. ra;. 12:50,*-2:50k 3:4%
4:20, 5, 5:20, 6 :3a, 7:30 and 11 p. m. •
press of London 'said:. "A California girl..
Miss de .Young,, was presented' by Mrs.
Clioate and waS a great success." ' • - .
. Miss de Young's presentation gown was
made by-Paquin in Paris, and while de
signed in conformity to the demands of .
the occasion was carefully adapted to the
graceful, slender girl who was to wear.it. !
The dress was of white moussellne de -.ole,
heavily embroidered and spangled In sil
ver. The train, which hung from the
shoulders, was | the regulation four yards
in length, of, liberty satin and. trimmed
with ruchings of. white tulle and clusters
of white baby ; roses, with one bunch "of
roses to fasten the train. to the shoulder.
From the three Prince of ,Walea leathers**
in .the coiffure, hung the long tulle veil,'
reaching f to the end of the train. The bou
quet was of lilies of the valley and . tiny
white rosebuds, with longt sprays of Jas-"
¦jr» rrr ISS . HELEN .- DE TOUNG, the
AVAl eldest daughter of Mr.. and Mrs.
// W W M# H# " de Youn &' has ¦ - been
A V JA. crowding more delightful expe
riences into ' her : first \ season
than usually falls to -the lot of even the
most favored girls. Since she went abroad
with her parents last' year one interesting
thing after another. has happened.- Mies
do -Young was in Rome and saw all the
ceremonies attendant upon ' the u twenty
fifth anniversary of ; the elevation of r the
Pope. After that ; came / the journey
through' Europe, which was one round of
social pleasures: then London. The
crowning experience in England was; Miss
de Young's presentation at one of the
last drawing-rooms held by the King arid
Queen. Like all Calif ornians,.' she j at
tracted much attention. ¦¦¦ The Daily- Ex-
Burns, Sacramento No. 3, Sacramento. No.'23|
— El Dorado and Placer, Placerville No.: '„!»,
Georgetown >No. - 01 ," Sierra "¦''. No. ¦ 85, ¦¦ Joseph •
Scherer. Georgetown No. 91, Georgetown, . El
Dorado County. No. 24 — Amador. Amador No.,
17 Excelsior No. 31, lone No. 33, Plymouth
No. 48.- Keystone No. 173, E. W. Perklns.-Ione
No. 33 lone, .Amador Country."- No. 2S •Ula
veras Calaveras No. 67,- A. J. ,McSorley,"Calai
veras No 67, San Andreas. No. 26— Tuolumwe;
Tuolumne No. 144,- J. A^ Van Harlineen. Tuo
lumne No. 144, « Sonora. No. . 27 — San , Joaquln
and Stanislaus, ' Stockton ¦ No. 1 7. "Modesto No.
11 Tracy No. 186, - Oakdala No. 142." 'WV C.
Neumlller Stockton No. 7, - Stockton. No. 2S--
Alameda. Eden No.; 113, Halcyon ¦ No. - 14tV-
Washlngton No. 168. Berkeley No. 210, George
T Hans, Brooklyn No. .151. East Oakland.^No."
2&— Alameda, , Oakland ! No. 50, " Wrsteria.\No.
127 -Athens No.? 195.. Ed A. Brackett, Piedmont-
No 120, Berkeley. • No..30—Alameda,-LaeJPo
sitas No. 96, 'Piedmont 'No. 120; Brooklyn No.:
151,. TV.'-H.- H.' Gentry.' Oakland' No.-- 50."
No. 31— Santa Clara, * San * Jose " No.: 22, Palo
Alto No. 82. Observatory. 'No. ,177— A.' B. Bar-.,
ker. Palo . Alto No. 82. ' - No. : 32— San - Mateo,.-
San Mateo No. 23, Redwood No. 66, Seaside No...
95 Menlo No. 185 — James Andrews. Menlo No,
185. Mejilo. San Mateo County. No. 33— -Santa,
Cruz and San Benito, Fremont No. 44, TVatson
vllle No. C5 Santa Cruz No. I 90-^-Wilii ihi \A..
White "WatsjnvlUe'No.: 65. >. Watsonviila. .: Nci
34— Monterey, Santa Lucia, No. < 97,— GabuVin
No 132 San I.ucae No.' 115— F. ."TV. odrKent,"'
-Santa Xufla Ng. 97, Salinas, Monterey ¦ County."
No. - 36 — San j Luis Obispo, Los Osos i >< o. r 01
Nipomo' No. .123 — George- Dana,- Nlpomo - No.
123 iNlpoino, - San . Luls_ Obispo . County. -'.No."
36-^San Luis Oolsro, : San - Marcos ' No. 150-^-R.
G Millman.' Sgr.'Marcos No. ¦ 150,. San Miguel,
San Luis Obispo. I County. No. • 37— San- : Luis.
Obispo,- Cambria- No. sl52 — "Warren-.* ount.hers>,-
Cambria No. ' 152. Cambria, -San'. Luis Obispo
County. ' No.' 38— Merced and'Madera, Yosemite
No : 2J, ' Madera ; No: ' 130— C.-F". •Preciado,, Ma-,,
der'a No. ISO, ;-Madera; No.: " 39- : -Maripo"6a,
Hornitos No. - 138, '¦'¦ Marlposa - No. ; 171— J. '• B./
Morrison, Hornitos ; No. , 138, : Hornitos. s . No-'
40— Tulare.\ Fresno, Kern . and -Kings, ¦ Visalla
No. 19. " Fresno ¦ No. 25.' •• Hanf ord No. 37." Baker ¦
No.. 42— Simon -Levy, ; yisaUa .No. 19,^ Visalla.'
jj 0 - 4i — Ventura"': 'and " : Santa* "Barbara,"
Cabrillo No. • 11-t.' - . Santa • -Barbara -" - - No. i
116 Santa .•¦ Paula *•; No. ¦ 191 — Edmund rM. 1
Burke; Santa -Barbara .No." 116, , Santa* Barbara;.
No 42— Los Angeles ; and Orange, . Los Angeles •
No' 45 - Invincible No. 74/ Ramona No.'109,'.Po
mona No.- 174, Corona^No. • 196— D.r % *W. -Edel-.
man ** Corona ;No>196,- • Los 'Angeles. , - No. > 4.^—
Bernardino and Riverside. Arrowhead j No. '
O110. Redlands No. 168— W. D. F. Allen, ; Arrow
head No. -.110. San 'Bernardino.' .No. 4*-^San'
Diego, San Diego No. 108 — Andrew Ervast, San
Diego No. • 108;- San" Diego.' i: No.' 45— San Fran
cisco," Pacific No. 10, Golden Gate No.-29.sAl
catraz No." 145," "Marshall 'No." 202 — P. G>Du
Py, National No: 118, j San Francisco: » No., 46 —
San Francisco,* San?Francisco No." 49, El: Do-'
rado'No.- 52,-" Olympus -~ No. 189— "William '¦ A."
Will .Hold • Rummage : Sale.
' The ladles of : the-" Animals'. Home Asso
ciation, 'which ' la* a successor to the Pa-
The drowning of S. E. Knight, a pas
senger on the steamer Warrior, near
Catallna Island, on May 18, was the sub
ject of an inquiry held in Los Angeles ;on
June 14 by Captain O. F. Bolles and J.
K. Bulger. United States Inspectors of
Steam Vessels. The report was filed in
the San Francisco office 'yesterday. The
evidence showed that a heavjj-sea washed
overboard some empty, milk cans' and
boards, from the lower' deck.? Knight and
another passenger named Herrick were
on the upper deck, and, becoming fright
ened, went overboard. An alarm I was
given • at once and several life preservers
and chairs were thrown to the swimmers.
Knight caught hold of two chairs and
Herrick caught a piece of board, and they
were thus enabled to keep afloat. As the
sea. was very rough, the ship's officers
decided that more time would be saved
by 'moving the steamer toward the im
periled men than by sending out the life
boats. The vessel got within fifteen feet
of Knight and a line was thrown to him,
but he failed to catch it. The- steamer
then drifted away, came ' up again, and
the line was again thrown close to him.
but he madfe no effort to catch it and sank
a" few seconds later. Herrick caught an
other line and was rescued. •
• Th© Inspectors exonerated the captain
aiidcrew of the Warrior.
Evidence "] Shows That Everything
Possible Was. Done to Rescue the
Unfortunate Passenger. .
NOBODY . TO BLAME FOR
DROWNING OF KNIGHT
The sermon to-night in the armory was
en "Loyalty to the Book," by Rev. H. F.
Briggs of Central Methodist "Episcopal
Church, of San Francisco. The devotional
services were conducted by Leon.V. Shaw
of Los Angeles. J. I?. Coulthurst of San
Diego had charge of the offerings for
State -work. 'and Rev. B. F. Sargent of
North Berkeley was In charge of the
closing service.
Grand total 26,637
.God's first temple rang with praise this
afternoon, when five hundred singing En
deavpr.ers went to the Big Trees. Their
voices resounded through groves. Three
trees were'- dedicated to Christian en
deavor, and all joined hands In a double
circle and sang "Blest Be the Tie."
Estimated membership,- of societies not
reporting: 4,348
Number of intermediates 1,700
Number of Juniors 1,000
The programme will include patriotic
exercises, music and • a tug-of-war be
tween members of Potrero Council No. 74
end Golden Gate Council No. 34 for a val
uable trophy. Boats will leave the nar
row gauge depot, foot of Market street,
at 3:15 a, m. The proceeds of ths outing
will be devoted to the improvement of the
local headquarters. The committees are
as follows:
Reception — F. E. Fanner, No. 68; Joseph
Cronin. No. 74; D. E. Goggin, No. 72; Charles
O. Wlll«y, No. 3: "William Augustine, No. 7;
T. Dauaet, No. 470; L. F. Guedet, No. 34; D.
3. Eheehan, No. 55; J. J. Dufidy, No. 4: Antone
"Rossi. No. 663; F. -J. Klerc*. No. I: P. J.
Lawler. No. S5: "U*. A. Dlneen, No. 60S; Harry
McCarty. No. 12&.
Floor — P.- F. McCarthy. No. 53:"- Henry
Ilooney. No. 74: H. A. Gallagher, TCo. 72;
Thomas McMahon. No. 3: George M. Kelly, No.
7; Vf. H. Murphy. No. 470; M. WhaJen. No. 34;
T. Harr.ey. No. 65; J. J. Bernhard. No. 4- 'J.
11. Carapodonico, No. 565: J. J. McCarthy, No
1; J. B. Queen, No. 35; D. A. Kepell. No. 50S.
Floor manager. Arthur J. Sullivan. Assist
ant, Edward O'Donnell.
The local councils cf the Young Men's
Institute have resolved to spend the
Fourth at Sunset Park. The outing will
be in charge of the board of management,
«ind elaborate preparations for tbyo cele
bration have been . made.- ...
.Local Councils Will Celebrate Fourth
and Rue Programme Will :
Be Rendered.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO GO TO SUNSET PARK
ENDEAVOREB.S WHO ARE
CONT RIBUTING TOWARD
CONVENTION'S SUCCESS.
BROKER SAYS HOBSEJIAN •
PLAYED THICK ON HIM
Presbyterian .160
Congregational - .., 139
Christian » 86
Baptist 42
Union 1 77
Methodist ..... 17
Cumberland Presbyterian ..' 20
United Presbyterian 11
Friends .,.. 8
"English Laitheran 6
African Methodist ? 9
United Brethren 7. 9
German Lutheran _1
United Evangelical ' ~i
Episcopal 2
M. E. South 1
Total .....588
The number of members reported were:
Presbyterian '. 5,022
Congregational 3.412
Christian A 2,152
Baptist 1,130
Union ..» 671
Methodist •• 815
Cumberland Presbyterian 23.$
Friends 253
English Lutheran 150
African M. E.. '. 117
United Brethren Ill
Episcopal '........ 8
M. E. South 26
Total 14,30*
SANTA CRUZ. June 28.— These are
" the officers that. were. chosen to
day, to guide the Christian En
deavor hosts during the coming
year: . .
President— Jesse O. Smith, Baptist, Lo» An
gelcs. • . _
; First vice oresldent— K T. Hatfleld. Pres
byterlan, Sacramento.
Second vice president — J. M. "Warren. Chris
tian. Santa Barbara.
Third vlca president— Mls« Eda Bush, Pres
byterian, Bedding. * ,
General secretary— J. E. White,' Methodist.
Ban Francisco.
Treasurer*— Leland F. Hin4s, Congregational.
Santa Cruz.
. Intermediate- superintendent — Marshall Black, .
Presbyterian," Palo Alto.
Junior superintendent— Miss Jessie G. Flock.
Baptist, Santa Ana. . ..-•-¦>
State Treasurer E. C, Lyon. of Oakland
reported receipts of $149014 and disburse-,
ments of $1235 SO during the year.
The report of Statistical Secretary R.
R. Patterson showed the number of soci
eties In California to be as follows:
District Attorney Rives of Los Angeles
end the Governor do not agree as to the
manner in which the care »hou'd be
handled. Gage's attorneys made a. re
quest several days ago upon the District
Attorney that he prepare the necessary
effldavits, go to San Francisco and appeal
to the Supreme Court for a writ of pro
hibition to prevent Judge Fritz from in
terfering in the case in any manner' and
to direct that the defendants be brought
before Justice Downing at once. This ac
tion Rives positively refused to take, and
It is said there was a" stormy consulta
tion. District Attorney Rives remained
firm, however, and without his conEent
Gage's attorneys could do nothing.
He will simply continue the cases. Jus
tice Downing has received no official noti
fication that the defendants have been
currendered by their bondsmen in San
Tranclsco and that habeas corpus pro
ceedings are pending there, but he will
take judicial knowledge of that . fact,
Respite the wishes of the attorneys on
the other Elde. He takes the view that
If the defendants have been "surrendered
there are now no bonds for him to declare
forfeited, and further that if the habeas
corpus proceedings have been set for
Monday in a higher court than his' it is
not fcr him to take action until that
higher court disposes of the case.
Several euch witnesses were found.
They were told what they will be asked
•when the case comes to trial and other
wise informed as to what will be desired
of them. Although Justice Downing will
not discuss the case in any way, it Is un
derstood en good authority, that he will
i.ot declare the bonds of Messrs. Spreck
els end Leake forfeited when they fall to
appear in his court on Monday, nor will
te issue bench warrants.
EAK PEDRO, June ZL— Governor Gage,
lAssistant District Attorney Johnstone
Jonet end Attorney Horace Appell spent
most of the day here to-day . preparing
tor the trial of the criminal libel action
» gainst Messrs. Spreckels and Leake.
There were no proceedings In that case
to-day In Justice Downing" s court, and
they did not visit that court, but spent
their time among known friends of the
Governor. Several of these friends were
eomisiEsioned to find persons who had
read the article In The Call upon which
the criminal libel action is based. It being
of course necessary for Gage to find such
persons here and . u*e them, as witnesses
to prove that the alleged libel was circu
lated here.
jyrt^ Excellency Spends a Day la San-
Pedro Scouring for Witnesses
in His Libel
Suit
The officers of the council are greatly
encouraged with the olxers of support al
ready received from various quarters.
They say that their fight is practically
won and that if any attempt is made to
lock out brotherhood men the City Front
Federation will take a hand In the pro
ceedings. All of the haulers of lumber
along the water front are in sympathy
with the brotherhood and if they are dFs
criminated against by the contractors or
unions of the Building Trades Council
the lumber men and stevedores say they
will refuse to handle building materials.
Many of the contractors realize that this
is no empty threat and this In a measure
accounts for the dissatisfaction prevail
ing in the association ranks.
A large turnout la expected at the meet-
Ing of the brotherhood " carpenters " to
morrow night. Sixteen hundred carpen
ters haye been requested to attend and
reports from, the loyal • unions . indicate
that a great majority of that number will
be in attendance. ' '
OFETCEBS ENCOUBAGED.
All members of the brotherhood are instruct
ed to attend the general meeting to be held at
Turk-street Temple, Monday evening. June 30.
at 8. o'clock, at which time the present con
troversy will be discussed. Instructions from
the general officers of the .United Brotherhood
will be given. The alleged resolutions adopt
ed by the builders will be explained.
Business- agents are Instructed that when
ever a contractor locks 'out a brotherhood car
penter, they shall call off all brotherhood men
on any of Bald contractor's jobs."
¦-' The/district council, of the. United "Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of 'America
hereby gives Instructions that in case of the
discharge of any ' brotherhood « members by a
contractor, all fellow members working for
said contractor are " to cease -work Immediate
ly and report at headquarters. 915*4 Market
street, to be Bent to other jobs where brother
hood men are wanted, i "-..-.-. - . . . •
A meeting has been called for to-mor
row evening, at which time the con
tractors will seek to adopt some plan
which is likely to have more satisfactory
results. It. was said last night that the
objectionable resolution would be re
scinded and that the ; Building Trades
Council would be told 'in plain language
that. It would have to fight its own tat
tles with ! the brotherhood carpenters
without the aid of the • contractors. If
this action is taken the danger of a-lock
otit and '.consequent troubles 1 this week
will be reduced to a minimum. .-,
; At a meeting of the district Council of
the Brotherhood of Carpei*ters;l<Sst night
the expectedjlroublerwit^the-contrjicwrs
was . discussed at'-grSat.iIe'ngth. ¦* Tha'fol
lowing; instructions to: brotherhood,' men
were" issued :":'¦: ¦¦¦:-¦¦¦¦¦>¦¦ -;• ¦ -. -..-/:. ,..
MEETING IS CALLED.
Since the association officially declared
its intention to stand by the"; Building
Trades Council and discriminate against
the brotherhood carpenters most of the
members have come to a realization of
what the proposition really is. , One con
tractor said yesterday that to carry the
resolution into effect meant a complete
paralysis of building . operations in San
Francisco. -The contractors are inclined
to be fair," but none is desirous of injur
ing himself ,for the sake of a sentimeut
that divides the union carpenters of the
city. The '/alKing members of the asso
ciation deciare they will not stand by the
resolution and that if any. attempt is
made to enforce it Tuesday they will de
sert the association. , >. , ..-.-.
The dissatisfied contractors are* among
the largest in ..the city, : all;; employing
brotherhood men. To -.lock . out -.*. their
working forces would virtually be tanta
mount to taking money but of," their own
pockets; as the stoppage of their work
necessarily involves heavy financial loss.
These contractors declare that the reso
lution adopted at a previous meeting of
the association at the behest of frienas of
P. H. McCarthy of the Building Trades
Council did not represent the wisn of the
majority by. a great deal; and that its
passage was eltected by only a dozen
votes. In fact, it is said, tne greater
number o£ the contractors, present at the
meeting were not aware of ., the purport
of the resolution or under no circum
stance's would they have voted for the
measure. . :¦'.'¦ ' ¦
The proposed action of the Builders'
Protective Association to lock out
all brotherhood , carpenters /who are
ur-able to furnish the' working card
of the • Building . Trades . Council la
a source of: considerable dissatis
faction among - the influential mem
bers . of • the association, some." seventeen
of whom announced yesterday their ' in
tention to resign from the organization if
the resolution is carried out on Tuesday
as threatened." '. * ' ; . . ,
Hefoses to Submit to < the
Absurd Plan of the
Governor.
District Council Ready for
the Trouble of the
Coming Week.
District Attorney of
Los Angeles in-
Revolt.
Contractors Refuse to
Lock Out Brotherhood
Carpenters.,
GAGE TRIES
A BLUFF ID
MEETS REBUFF
BUILDERS MAKE
LOUD COMPLAINT
1 Pages 27 to 36 1
- SAN FRANCISCO, SUTSTDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
Jesse O. Smith Is Elected to the Presidency of the State
Organization for-the'New'Year-^ Delegates to the Santa
Cruz Convention Hold Song Service.iri _ Big. Tree Grove
YOUNG CHRISTIANS HONOR
ANQEL CITY ENDEAVORBR
Pretty CaHfornian|Crow3s' Afehy: Delights* -Into First Season, Which
She Begins, by ..Witnessing-
Anniversary and| Crowns '] by Appearance at Court Reception
MISS DE YOUNG IS PRESENTED
TO ENGLAND'S KING AND QUEEN
¦biiii
inMHtHtlttll MMMMMMM0Louis 'Hanson, a workman, while em
ployed yesterday in tearing down 'V por
tion of the " old ¦ structure formerly used
by. the Pacific Rolling Mills was injured
by a part of the roof falling on r him.
After receiving medical attention -he was
removed to his. residence -at 156 Silver
street.
Injured by Falling Roof.
Mrs. J. Kelley of 625 Mission street was
knocked down by a, wagon at Third and
Harrison streets yesterday. Sho was re
moved to the Emergency Hospital, where
the gave premature birth to female twins.*
The little girls and mother are doing well
under tho care of Dr. Thomas D. Maher.
TMs is the second time in two years that
twins have been born to Mrs. Kelley in
the hospital.
Twins at Emergency. Hospital.
Louis Brown, a waiter living at 413
Stockton street, .reported to Policeman
Baxter about 4 o'clock yesterday morning
that two men had attacked him at Powell
and Ellis streets and during the scuffle
his watch and chain, valued at$5, had been
stolen. Baxter, said that Brown was un
der the influence of liquor, but his face
showed evidence of having been struck.
Assaulted and Bobbed.
Rn mud Herts, an . electrician; was con
vlcted by Judgo Frits yesterday of a
churgo or failure to provide tor hits thr«o
young children, who llvo with thnlr moth
er on Hickory avenue, and ordered to ap>
pear for aentenco Wednesday. The ovi»
aunca showed that Mrs, Herts had recent
ly undergone a surgical operation and
that she and her children were practical*
ly starving; also that Herts had given up
his job so as not to pay his wife alimony,
Will Not Support Family.
J." Gould, a teamster, tiled a complaint
tifralnst Special Omcer Iuaao llosenborg
of Vhe Palm Concert Hall, Ellis and Pow
ell streets, with the Police Commissioners
yesterday. Gould alleges that ho entered
the concert hall Tuesday night und was
Bitting listening to the muHlc, when a
waiter asked him what ho wanted to
drink. He replied nothing and tho waiter
told Rosenberg, who camo up to him and
ntked tho Kiuni! question, getting the eamo
answer. Ho alleges that Hosonberg and
tho waiter used offensive language toward
him and threw him out of the place.
Charges Against Special Officer.
John Kennedy, aged five years, residing
at 2320 Bryant street, was severely, bitten
on. tho arm by a vicious dog in front of
lii.-i homa yesterday. Tho child was piny.
ing on tho Jild«walK when tho dog jumped
on him ana sank his teeth into his arm.
Tho wound was dren«od at the City and
County Hospital by Dr. McKlroy. The
boy's father is making. a vigilant search
to locertuln the identity of tho owner of
tho dog.
Bitten by a Vicious Dog.
During the Pythian week in this city
there will bo several big arches under
which the visitors will march. They are
to be models of architectural genlua. The
material its to bo entirely of California
production and composed of the choicest
and rarest woods and minerals' In the
state. The main arch will bo seventy fcot
In width and fifty-eight feat In height.
Tho exterior in to resemble ivory, trimmed
with 84,000 feet of garlands for bach arch,
100 wreaths of light, 7000 Incandescent*,
200 aro lights, 100 double banners, 200 col
onnades, iiiiKH, pennants and emblems.
Arches for Pythian?.
Thdmas Olsen, aged 8 years and resid
ing . at 164 CJara streets was accidentally
struck by a swing at the children's play
ground, Seventh and' Harrison streets,
yesterday. He sustained a deep lacerated
wound on his head. Olson was taken to
the Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
James Murphy found It necessary to uso
live stitches in closing tho big wound.
The little sufferer stood the- operation
with such remarkable bravery that he
surprised tliH doctor and attendants.
Swing Injures Boy.
Olinto Blanchini, a laborer, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon . by Detective
Rlordan and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of assault with a deadly weapon.
He and Matteo Franchesci, who lives at
110 Pacific street, met in front of 702 Front
street Friday night and Franchesci al
leges that Blanchini struck him on the
face with some blunt instrument, knock
ing him down, and continued striking him
till he was unconscious. Bianchini had
Franchesct arrested last Sunday for stab
bing him and tho case is pending, Fran
chesci being out on bonds.
Strikes His Enemy Down.
"Star-Spangled Banner": march, "The For
tune Teller" (Herbert); overture. "Beautiful
Galatea" (Suppe); waits, /'Blue Danube' 1 .
(Strauss): paraphrase, "JJoreley" {Nevadbeh
"Grand March" from "Tannhauser" (Wagner);
overture, "Romantique", (Ke)er Bela); trom
bone solo, "The Death 'of Nelson" (Braham), S.
Greene; "Grand Polonaise de Concert"., (VJ»
dal); selection. 1 "The Jolly Musketeers" (Ed
wards); fantasia, "The Flying Dutchman' '
(Wagner); "Hall. Columbia.", I '¦''
The park band will render the fqllowlng
programme In Golden Gate Park this aft
ernoon under the direction of Paul Stein
dor ff: .
Music in the Park To-Day.
The Grass Valley Union and Herald naa
some additional information concerning
the reported strikes in Sierra County. . iS,
J. Herrlngton Is the source of informa
tion. He says that in addition to discov
eries at the Steamboat mine, rich nuggets
have been taken from a near-by property
two of (Which were worth $1300. At -1
weekly 'clean-up at the Steamboat mine
$1100. was taken out
The Amador Record says that all work
oh the Mahoney mine has been suspended.
The Bunker Hill is developing satisfac
torily.
SOME MOUNTAIN STRIKES.
"Section 1— The Legislature shall pro
vide by law for a uniform and equal rate
of assessment and taxation, and snail pro
scribe »uch regulations as Khali secure a
Jui>t valuation for taxation' of all prop
erty, real, piironal and posscsHory, except
mines and mining claims when not patent
ed. Hie proceed* alone of which shall bu
ag&eascd ami taxed, and when patented
thii acreage thcroof nhall bo asucgftcd and
taxed upon a vnhmtion of ten dollars per
acre In addition to tho tax upon the net
proceeds; and also exempting such prop
erty an may bo exempted by law for muni
cipal, educatlonnl, literary, selentiilc or
other charitable purposes.
Tho Consolidated Mining Coinpany has
been formed In Los Anercfcs. the purpose
cf which is to take the Kenyon and
Wedge mtnes in the Randsburg district,
and aleo other claims which adjoin the
Yellow Aster property, and to operate
them on a co-operatlvo basis. The pro
moters have pooled their stock for a pe
riod of two years. The capitalization is
$3,000,000. ->. •
"Amtwi Section 1, Articta X of the con
stitution of tho State of Nevada no as to
read as follow*:
••Reuolved by the Assembly, the Senate
concurring, that the constitution .bf ' tho
Stut ii of .Nevada bo amended 00 as iWSeaU
us follows:
The Washington Quartz Mining Company at
Bath have bonded the Dewey and Hancock
ledge of Charles Burt, wife of the late Samuel
Bun of Auburn. J. H. Klhlll, who has charge
of the development at the May Flower mine.
1$ running three eight-hour shifts of men.
King & Wolford have struck a very rich shoot
of quartz at their mine In Black Canyon. The
iilacK Canyon quarts mine will build a ditch
and flume to brine water from Secret canyon
to run tho mill. The work of excavating for
a twt-nty-etamp mill is in progress. T, M.
Browne, owner of tho Faradrift mine, has
started a new upraise , to tap the old 1'araeou
lead.
The following proposed constitutional
amendment will be voted uaon by Nevada
next fall: w . .
The Coif ax Sentinel says:
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Chairman
Dalzell of the special committee which
investigated the charges in connection
with the Danish Wept Indian Islands to
day completed the report of the commit
tee and submitted it to Representative
Richardson, the ranking minority member
of the committee. It will not be formal
ly passed upon by the committee before
Monday, and until then its terms are not
to be made public. There is little doubt,
however, that it dismisses the charges as
groundless.
chJncry will be put In. At the Gold Hill every,,
thing is now being run by electricity. The
railroad will Boon bo finished here, an<J tak
ing It al! in all. Angels Camp has no cause
for complaint as to iis future outlook.
Report on Charges Beady.
The members of Company B, League of
the Cross Cadets, have arranged for a
grand entertainment and dance to bo
given on August 13 in Findley's Hall,
formerly known as Mission Parlor Hall,
on Seventeenth street, above Valencia. It
will be the first entertainment to be. given
oy the company for the armory and uni
form fund under Its newly appointed of
ficers. The committee in charge consists
of Lieutenant William V. Johnson, chair
man; Sergeant Frank A. Koch, Sergeant
Walter O'Connor, Corporal Joseph" J.
Burns and Private Eugene MeAullffc.
Mark A. McCann, the newly appointed
commander, wJU act as chairman of the
evening.
Cadets to Entertain.
As an indication that merchants of San
Francisco are alive to the possibilities of
trade in the Orient, the incident is cited
that Getz Bros. & Co. have, after an in
vestigation of months by a confidential
representative, established a branch house
in Shanghai. The firm sends to China an
assistant in the person of Henry C.
Melone, a young man, born, reared and
educated in this city, to manage its busi
ness affairs in the Orient. Mr, Melone
sailed on the Hongkong Maru and bore
with him the best wishes of a wide circle
of friends.
Commerce! of the Orient.
SAN RAFAEL, June 28. — William
Woods, serving a sentence of ten years in
San Quentin prison for a felony commit
ted in San Francisco, is seeking liberation
on habeas corpus proceedings. Judge Anr
gellotti will hear the case on Monday.
Woods* ground is that the complaint upon
which be "was cervicted did not mention
any prior conviction^ therefore the max
imum penalty which «could have been in
flicted upon him was five years. On July
7 of this year he will have served the live
years' term.
Convict Sues for Freedom.
DES MOINES, Jane 28.— To-day all electri
cal workers and linemen employed in the local
telephone exchanges quit work out of sym
pathy with the hundred striking "central"
girls. Further sympathetic strikes are ex
pected next week.
' QUEENSTOWN, June 28. — The United
States training ship Monongahela, which left
Newport, R. I., early in June, arrived hero to
day.
NEW ORLEANS. June 2S.— The bill allow
ing boxing contests of twenty-flvo rounds la
New , Orleans, which has passed the lower
house of the State Legislature, has beeu de
feated in the Senate by u.. .large vote.
DES MOINES. June 2S. — George E. Robert*,
director of the Mint, who. recently purchased
the Iowa State Register, to-night consummated
a deal for the purehaae of the Des Molnea
Leader. The two papers will be combined and
issued dally from the Register office.
July 5 a Legal Holiday.
SACRAMENTO, - June 23. — Governor
Gage has officially declared July 5 a legal
holiday.
Last evening Templar Rebekah Lodge,
I, O. O. F., tendered a reception to those
of its members who recently were elected
to high offices In the order. These are:
Alma I. Jensen, vice president of the Re
bekah Assembly; J. W. Harris, grand
treasurer; F. A. Smith, conductor, and
John Thompson, grand trustee of the
Grand Lodge. After congratulations there
was an adjournment to one of the large
halls in the Odd Fellows' building/where
6upper was served to about 200 persona.
C. B- Howard was toastmaster and he
called for resoonse to toasts only from
Vice President Mrs. Jensen, Grand Trus
tee Thompson and Secretary Mrs. Mary
E. Donoho. After this there was dancing
for an hour.
Honored Its Members.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 28.— Elwood
Meade of the University of California
read a paper on "Courses of Instruction
in , Irrigation Engineering" before th,e So
ciety for the Promotion of Engineering
Education to-day.. 1 .
Edward Meade Reads Paper.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Otto H. Kaehler,
aged 23, and Florence H. Trommlitz, 10.
both of Alameda; Henry C. Ingram, over
21, Oakland, and Mary Durham, over 18,
Irvlngton; Joe Lerna, 22.. and Mamie Dor
gan, 21, both of San Francisco;' Joseph C.
Handle, -29. Berkeley, ahd -IJJIie V. Bal
com, 21, Alaraeda; - Jean Montauban, 22,
and Marie Monseige 22, both of Alameda;
Arthur E. Ambrose. 26, and Clara K.
Johnson. 30, both of San Francisco; Wal
ter F. Percival, 24, Sierra County, and
Laviha Hanks, 22, San Jose; Harry Me-
Manus, 22, and Lillian* Seibt. 21. both of
Oakland. -~«8«9mXMBS£MB6SESH
' "The Bohemian Girl" was sung last
evening in the new St. Michael's Church
at Ocean View by members of St. Domi
nic's Choral Union. .The Juvenile ¦ Min
strels entertained between the acts. The
evening's entertainment, which was under
the direction of Fathers Jones and Newell,
was given as a benefit to St. Michael's
Church, which has just been completed
and is now In the care of Father Cooper.
The young performers pleased their
hearers greatly. The affair was also a
financial success.
St. Dominic's Choral Union, and
Juvenile Minstrels at
Ocean View.
"BOHEMIAN GIRL" GIVEN
WITH GREAT SUCCESS
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The War De
partment to-day made public . the names
and home addresses of the four teachers
who have .been missing from the island of
Cebu, Philippine Islands, since June 10,
1902. as follows: .
Clyde O. France, Merlboro, Stark
County, Ohio.
Ernest Heger, 114 North Fortieth street,
Philadelphia.
L. A- Thomas, 209 Montgomery avenue,
Providence, R. I.
John E. Wells, same address.
PROVIDENCE. R. I., June 28.— L. A.
Thomas and John E. Wells are graduates
of Brown University and are second
cousins. They left Providence on Febru
ary 20 and sailed for the Philippines on
the transport McClellan.
Names of Missing Teachers.
CAPE TOWN, June 28.— The fire which
yesterday destroyed a number of large
business houses in the heart of the city
broke out again this morning, but was
finally got under control and extinguished
with the assistance of soldiers and blue
jackets. The loss aggregated £250,000.
Soldiers and Sailors Put Out Fire
CHICAGO, June 28.— Owen A. Roche,
formerly a well known' Board, of Trade
operator, died here to-day of apoplexy,
aged 60 years. He retired two years ago.
Owen A. Roche.
SANTA BARBARA, June 28.— Captain
W. S. Marls, one of the oldest residents of
Santa Barbara, died here to-day from the
effects of a paralytic stroke. He was 81
years of age and came to California in
1849.
Captain W. S. Maris.
Mrs. Emeline M. North, P. N. G., read
a very interesting sketch of the lodge,
telling of its rise in the order. This was
followed by a recitation by J. K. Phillips,
sin address by Mrs. Gabrielle Gresse, dis
trict deputy, and short speeches by Cap
tain Allle Parker, Major U. S. G. Clifford
and several others, after which refresh
ments were served.
The presentations were made by M. A.
Samuels. This was followed by the pres
entation of a gold emblematic ! pin to
Eliza McMillan as a token of appreciation
of the lodge for many services rendered
to it.
The meeting hall of California Rebekah
Lodge, I. O. O. F., was crowded to its
limit last night by members of the. lodge,
visitors and friends, who were present to
participate in the thirty-second anniver
sary celebration of the institution of this,
the pioneer lodge of the order in this
State. A feature of the evening was the
presentation of a handsomely embroidered
collar to each of the following married
past noble grands who never before re
ceived one: Mary A. Hawley, Johanna
H. Wehser, Emeline E. North, Minna
Dallman, Bessie McDonald, Sophie Kahn,
Ray Max, Hannah Newman, Anna G.
Vaupel, Flora Lewis, Sarah Patterson,
Minnie Homeyer, Pauline Paul, Marg
nette M. Reed, Sadie Kahn and Annie W.
Lewis. ¦ :
PAST NOBLE GRANDS ARE
GIVEN EMBROIDERED REGALIA
ALTURAS. June 28.— Benjamin Ford,
the boy who for seven days and nlghta
has been lost in the woods and rocks of
Devil's Garden, was found yesterday af
ternoon by two Indians. The lad was
barefooted, bareheaded and crazed by
hunger. He had eaten young birds tak
en from their nests, to - sustain life. He
was brought to town, and, although delir
ious, he will be restored to health. It was
a joyful day when the seventy-five horse
men rode Into Alturas and the shouts
went up that the boy was found. At a
mass meeting held last night $200 was rais
ed to send provisions to tne men in the
searching party.
Famished and Delirious Lad
Into Altureis.
Seventy-Five Mounted Men • Escort
FIND THE MISSING BOY ,
AFTER SEVEN-DAY SEARCH
BALLIET IS ANXIOUS
¦FOR ANOTHER TRIAL
Man Convicted of Using the Mails
Fraudulently Accuses the
Juryr^
DES MOINES, Iowa, June 28.— Judge
Charles Al Bishop of the Supreme Court
filed a motion for a pew trial to-day on
behalf of Letson Balliet, who was found
guilty three weeks ago by a jury in the
UiJted States District Court of using the
n: alls with intent to defraud. The grounds
f pr the motion are chiefly technical. Em
mett- Callahan of Baker City, Or., BaU
Het's Western attorney, joins with Judge
Bishop in, the application for a rehearing
of the case. .
There are nineteen counts in the mo
tion. One of the most sweeping charges
ip the paper Is that the "verdict is clearly
the result of passion and prejudice on the
part of the jury trying the case." The de
fendant's attorneys declare that "the evi
dence in this case falls to show that any
offense such as that charged In the In
dictment was committed by the defend
ant." Jn . conclusion the petition says:
'.'The court erred Jn instructing the jury
that if defendant as a witness had not
fully explained matters material to the
issues in the case and which were natur
ally within his knowledge, then the jury
might consider such a circumstance as
tending to show that the facts, Jf ex
plained, would bear out the contention of
the Government and that his failure to
explain them Is against him."
The motion for a new trial has been for
warded to Judge Munder of Omaha, who
presided over the trial in which Balliet
was found guilty. 4 A time for hearing
arguments on the motion will be probably
set in the. near future.
Troop A Breaks Camp.
SANTA ROSA, June 28.— Troop A of San
Francisco broke camp this morning and
started on the return march. During their
stay in this city the guardsmen have had
a fine' time. The camp was visited- by
Brigadier General R. H. Warfield and
staff on Thursday, and on Friday General
John H. Dickinson and staff were
present.
Mining for Quicksilver.
SAN JOSE, June 28,— Articles of Incor
poration of the Santa Teresa Quicksilver
Mining Company - of Boston were filed
hefe to-day, with 100,000 shares of the
par value of x $5 each.- The company is
mining for quicksilver near this city.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 28.— Captain
Sam Bryant, tho turfman, died to-night
of dropsy,' aged 70 years. When the
American Derby was -run at Washington
Park, Chicago, last Saturday Captain
Bryant, against the advice of his physi
cians, Insisted on going to the race. He
was carried from his home on a couch
to the train. From the train he was
bornp to the racetrack and his couch tvaa
placed in position so that he might view
the race, which he said would be the last
he would ever see. After the race was
over he was brought back to this city,
and since then he had gradually grown
weaker until the end came to-night.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Jones says Tracy is the most desperate
criminal in the country. He believes that
Tracy is making for the Utah Mountains,
where he knows every fastness.
A year ago Robert Jones went to Salem
and asked for Tracy. He was shown a
room where convicts were cutting stone.
Jones at once, recognized Tracy. The con
vict turned and saw Jones, whom he be
lieved to be dead, and almost collapsed.
Jones left without a word.
Tracy was not recaptured and was next
heard of in Portland in 1898, when he and
Merrill were sentenced to fourteen years
in the Salem Penitentiary for robbery.
Jones was jailer in the Pike County,
Colo., jail in 1897 and during that year
Harry Tracy was . imprisoned there for
the murder of a man named Hovle in
Utah. Tracy and another prisoner. named
Lant had escaped from a Utah prison and
were recaptured after a fight In Rout
County, Colo. That country had no
strong jail and the murderers were, taken
to Aspen. ¦ . .
On June 19 Jones had given them their
supper and ¦ leaned over to pick up the
dishes. Like a flash . Tracy dealt Jones
a blow upon the head with an iron bar,
which he had concealed. Jones was
struck two more blows as he fell. Tracy
took the keys and revolver from the jail
er's pockets and he and Lant escaped.
Jones, after a hard fight with death, re
covered. His head is deeply marked with
the scars of the convict's blows.
Deputy Sheriff McKay of Ellensburg
and Guard Carson of Walla Walla ar
rived to-day at Castle Rock with blood
hounds, but were unable to pick up the
trail. Sheriff Huntingdon of Cowlitz
County has arrived at Wlnlock and taken
charge of the pursuing party there. After
resting.' the bloodhounds will again start
after the fugitives. ' f
REDDING, June 28.— Robert W. Jones,
who was jailer in the Aspen, Colo., jail
in 1S97 and who was reported to have
been killed by Harry Tracy while the lat
ter was preparing to escape from that
jail, is in Redding. Jones had not told
of his experience with Tracy until to-day,
when he made a statement that surprised
his friends.
TACOMA, June 28.^-Tracy and Merrill,
ihe escaped Oregon convicts, were seen
yesterday and again this morning in the
woods near Winlocjc. They were heavily
armed. The outlaws were seen yesterday
i by Section .Foreman Gaume and his men
a half-mile east of Alnslie. They claimed
they were going to Toledo and started
down the military road in. that direction.
A son of James Ferrier of Little Falls
traveled with them for a mile. He says*
they were very : nervous and held their
rifles in readiness when they saw any one
•approaching. Seeing a tramp lying along
side the track they raised their rifles to
*fire. His identity was revealed and they
desisted. They, told- the boy they were
soldiers looking for Tracy and Merrill.
¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ I
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SPOKANE, June 28.-WhiIe . B. W.
Brantley, a prospector, was pinned to the
ground by a mass of rock, he witnessed
the slow suffocation - of his only son.
Brantley was unable to move, but his
head was free of the. earth which had
fallen upon him during a cave in a pros
pect hole where he was working. /After
the death of his son, at about 4 o'clock in
the afternoon, Brantley* remained in his
perilous position until nearly noon s the
next day, when a party of rescuers found
him half dead from exposure and mental
agony.
The tragedy occurred on Big Creek,
about' six' miles «ast of Kellogg, Idaho, a
Small town in the Coeur d'Alenes. News
of It came to-day, when the son s body
¦was brought to Kellogg for burial.
Brantley and the lad were working in
the prospect together. The hole was but
a few feet deep. Suddenly a cave oc
curred, catching Brantley andy pinning
nim to' the ground. : ' ¦
His son, who is 14 years of age. tried to
assist his father, but a second cave con
curred and the boy was buried, while
more earth was thrown upon the father.
The boy talked with his father and said
"Good-by" as he was slowly expiring.
Brantley said to-day that only a/ little
earth covered the lad, but his limbs were
pinned down. Brantley passed a horrible
right of vigil near the body of his eon,
being unable to move an inch.
Brantley's family, alarmed at the non
return of father and son, organized a
starching party in the morning and the
man was rescued from his perilous posi
tion. The terrible night had nearly be
reft him of his reason. Bud Brantley,
the .boy, was a popular young fellow.
Special Dispatch to. The Call.
ThU will undoubtedly be tne cf the most
j»ro»<;»erou3 Bcasoca that AngeU has experienced
Jor jnany .year*. Properties are being pur
chased ot a high figure end in<julriee aire re
<riv-,; cvrry day concerning oUwr properties
which have for year* laid idle, with no buy
*rr. D. \Y. Thaycr has by agreement taken
a working lntwtsTvcn the Jolly Tar and the
Davis <juartx mine* near Altavllte for $10.(Xtf
end also tn the same way secured "tbe Aetna
Hecla ami Vesuvius quartz mines near here
lor IPCO.OOO. while C. XV. Hlgglns has a like
bond oa the Washicston and Last Chance
mines for *100fl. During the past week J. V.
Coii muo purchased the property opposite' the
Angels mine belonging to Thomas G. Peachy,
containing cbout three acres, paying therefor
tCS,GOu; Jt 4s also reported that he paid *Ii0 -
«« to H. S. Elood for bis property. The Ban
Domingo Water Company has started work on
Its water and power plant and will u>e 600 men
for the nert three yeans, carryjnr out their
pians, at an estimated coet of $2,500,000. The
nrntXl Bis* U t* ing worktd and new ma-
The Southwestern Miners' Association
win hold an annual meeting: In Loo An-
CP'es July g.
The Angels Record lias the followinc
concerning the mineral outlook In the vi
cinty of Anircls:
Captain W. A. Kevin* hai bought two or
thrc« ii.i!..-j of ii.-.tr and It I* tuurrted. thui
ht iiiirtiuN to put force* of . men to work
them. Careful ».i.ti judirlwui development work
In flie rWwhtde Is!.:- i ¦¦ m ;¦¦'.] > ;.|r ! .uiil ore dhoota
on ninny at the irvriK. With ilia ovldcnco I*,
fore hla <:¦<>. r«puin KevtIU fttia miv in
nitViM; the lu-cdirtlun that the old wine which
lcin . « fa mma for lu eolden harv#nta will
Lent Ite !»u»t record In point «f production with
in th« nrst few >-v,,:.. Iktwcfcn the tltua re
tmlrcd In rkcrclMng a cios« KUpfrvlKlan over
th* v. <.ii.ii.tf of the Rawhide «nd lh« Ann
which Uti«r mln« It aUo •honing up well, Cn>
t«i«n Neville hai intertated William Porvyth.
the Fresno ml*!n trowcr of Immense wealth
In Tuclumne County mining flclda. Mr. * % cr
*yth has hm un-il a bond on the To!sdo, a claim
located wen of the AlameHa. The nece»«ary
niachlntry Jor properly working the mine will
tue ln«ialled in eoon^ an possible, wnca octual
tninlJiif operation* will be commenced. Captain
Jkrvin* *|l| direct the development work.
The Sonora Democrat says:
KEVILLS BUYS MINES.
Early next month there will arrive fr6m
Montreal . the machinery for a dredge, which
will t>e operated on the auriferous gravel de
jofcits of tbe Stewart River. It is estimated
that the dredge will be able to handle from
HW to 1000 cubic yards of gravel per day. The
contract fox 1 the construction of the machinery
for the dredge v«t awarded some months ago
to the Laurie Engine Works of Montreal, and
It will be shipped the latter part of this month.
The dredge was designed by Professor A. W\
Bct-trtson atld the machinery was prepared
under his personal supervision. Professor Rob
erteon war the designer of the big suctiou
flredpe' King Edward, which is now operating
on . the Fraevr River n<?ar Chllllwack. The
concessions on the Btewart River on which the
<2re<3fe will operate ere owned by the Golden
Crown Mining Company, of which William
Cffllvle. ex-Commissioner cf the Yukon, is man
aging director. The concessions include 110
miles on tk* fitewart River. The hull of the
dredge was to have been constructed in this
city and tome correspondence passed between
local contractors and Professor Robertson, but
no contract was awarded, so It is concluded the
buil will be built on the Yukon.
Another large fmelter Is liable to be
added to Ihft mining equipment of Shasta
County. This is planned for the Balak
lala mine. The Idea is entertained that it
may !»*• even larger than the Emelter at
K.i wic k. maintained by the Mountain
Copper Company. At th* umo tira<s a
lar^c cyanide plant Is sroing in for the
Trinity Gold Mining Company in Trinity
County, on Canyon Creek, where a twen
ty-etftmn mill in in construction. The
mining business In the north la on <t
:•.:¦-¦:. k foundation.
While the dredging operations In Cali
fornia ere attracting attention abroad, a
scheme cf large eize is taking shape In
the Stewart River country, which is de
scribed by the Vancouver Daily Province
&s follows: . ,. . >
STEWART RIVER PLANS.
The gravel in the bed of the Tuolumne River.
»ear La Grange, is being systematically pros
pected bj" the aid of drilling machines. Much
rich gravel is being discovered which will be
waehfcd by the dredger method. Having been
convinced of the vast quantities of gold in the
channel of the Tuolumne River, the company
U satisfied that eimtlar wealth lies hidden be
neath the waters of the Merced River. The
company is acquiring, by bond and purchase,
lands between Merced Falls and Snelling.
In Tuolumns County progress is made
with the preliminaries to dredging. The
Sonora Democrat says:
Feather River Exploration Company owns
32U0 acre* of lund. has three dredgers at work
and two more building. Boston and Oroville
Company owns «43 acres, has three dredgers
at work. OrovH.le Gold Dredging and Explor
ation Company owns 31X» acres, has one
dredger. Oro\llle Gold Dredging Company
has GO acres and one dredger. Indiana
Gold Dredging Company has 134 acres
of land end one dredger. Lava Be<Js
dredger Coinpany has 31W acres of land and
one dredger. L*egett-Wilcox Company has -50
acres and one aredger. ifcirigfold Gold Dredg
ing Company has 4«2 acres and two dredgers.
Kla Ora Company ot San Francisco, Cal., has
303 acres, one dredger. Pennsylvania Gold
Dredging Company has 155 acres and is build
ing one dredger.- Ajr.erfcan Gold Mining Com
pany has 73 fecres of land and Is build
ing one dredger. Butte Gold Dredging
Coinpany has contracted for one dredger. Cher
okee Gold Dredging Company has 400 acres of
lani. is building a dredger. Sunset Gold
Dredging Company has 110 acres of land.
Among the companies which have placed or
are considering placing orders for additional
dredgers are the Lepgett-Wileox Company, the
Boston and Oroville Company, the Oroville Gold
Dredging and Exploration Company, the Lava
Beds Gold Dredging Company, the Cherokee
Gold Dredging Company and the Indiana Gold
Dredging Company.
The Mining- and Engineering Review
has compiled the following figures to il
lustrate the extent of the industry of
dredging for gold as it now exists m
Butte County:
G&OWTH OF DSEBGING.
The population of Inyo County In 1900 was
4377. The mineral product inthe wme JW
£a« its follows: Goid. *&*£»> ««*£. *1".-
UUOi antimony, $700; lead. $3$.»40; borax, fU
©00- eoda $50,000; salt. $5000; total, $4-*0,oS*.
As the total assessed valuat ion of «-he c omUy
In the same year was fl,SbJ.3.J6. tne total
value of the mineral product was 22 per cent
ot the total assessed valuation of the county,
lnvo at present leads all other counties of
California in the production of eoda and lead.
One of the largest undeveloped copper
belts of the State, so reads a bulletin
just issued by the State Mining Bureau,
is In the Saline Valley, in Inyo County.
This fact has been known to geologists,
but to many others the announcement
•will be a surprise. The fact illustrates
the wide distribution of copper ores in
California. The same bulletin contains a
collection of other mineral facts of inter
est concerning the county which lies be
tween the Sierras and the State of Ne
vada. More than 35,000 acres of niter land
have been located in the southeastern
portion of the county, but are not ret de
veloped. Oil indications are. favorable in
Owens Valley and natural gas has been
discovered about Owens Lake. Hot
springs are numerous, notably the «ey
bers and hot «prings of the Coso district.
Large quantities of dolomite awaat better
transportation facilities.
Marble, from Inyo County was used In
the construction of the Mills building in
San Francisco. The deposits of borax
and salt are large. Owens Lake is the
largest producer of natural soda in the
United States. Quartz mining is steadily
growing in importance. The county is
especially rich in lead ores, carrying goid
as well as silver. Quantities of antimony
are found in the Wild Rose district. Sil
ver mining was once an important indus
try in the county, but now silver comes
from the gold and lead ores, bulphate of
soda 1* found in vast beds covering : the
large areas in the dry lakes of the desert
"other* minerals which are known to ex
ist in commercial quantities in Jnyo
County are asbestos, barite, bismutite,
iron, platinum, potters' clay, sulphur,
compounds of magnesia and manganese.
Among the jewelers' materials found are
datolite fluorite, garnet, quart*, &rossu
larite. lepidolite and obsidian. The fol
lowing general facts are contained in the
bulletin: :'-¦'¦¦;-
"All the Nelsons," continued Miss Short,
"who are parties to this action said Wal
ter was a Nelson until Uncle Hubbard's
death. Then they said he was a Harri
son." • • •
"He was treated better than any mem
ber of the family. Uncle talked to the
family about Walter at different times
and speke of him as his son. I never heard
¦Uncle deny that Walter was his son.
Uncle seemed to be a little bit out of hu
mor one day with Walter and said, 'You
are getting too smart. I will send for a
lawyer and make a little change in my
will.' "
"Shortly before the death of, Uncle
Hubbard my mother, in the presence of
Uncle Hubbard. asked Bud if he denied
having made this statement. Bud said:
•No; I have always known It to be true.' "
"How was Walter treated by Mrs. Nel
son while at your house?" asked Judge
Brid;reford.
"1 came to California at invitation of
Uncle Hubbard and. lived on hl3 ranch,*'
said Miss Short- "Uncle lived with us
partly and had a room with Walter. Bud
Nelson at one time, while living on tho
Knock place, asked mother how she liked
her cousin Wax, referring to Walter Har
rison. Mother said she was not related
to him. Bud said: 'Yes, you are his
cousin; he is Hubbard's child.'
These were the last words spoken by
Capitalist H. W. C. Nelson, according to
the testimony given by Lena Short, a
niece of the deceased, in -the heirship
case to-day. i
WILLOWS, June 28.— "I am , dying.
Where is Walter? I want to talk to him."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
...... •
The most seriously injured' are: Frank
Goedde, Jacob Relsender, George Winder
heimer and Peter ,Wolf.
The path of the storm was about two
miles wide and had a fearful velocity.
Many buildings were demolished. The
loss to propery will amount to about
$100,000.
WALiLJS, Tex., June 28.— Late yesterday
a tornado struck a Bohemian settlement
near here, killing several persons and in
juring many others. The known dead
are:' ' ¦;¦; •
FRANCIS VIACLESKY.
MRS. HERINCKY.
The seriously Injured are: John Viacles
ky, Mrs. John viaclesky, Kehnved
teka, Ignace Herinlcky.
EVANSVIL.L.E, Ind., June 28.— Three
persons were -killed and seven or eight
badly injured in a tornado that passed
over this county to-night. The fatalities
occurred at St.. "Wendel, about ten miles*
from this city. The dead:
CLARENCE GOEDDE, aged 80.
ANDREW GOEDDE, aged 7.
CHRIS LAUGEL. ,vv ; ¦¦¦¦;-- „¦.". «>".%'*•
'TOPEKA, Kans., June 28.— The boiler
makers here are divided in sentiment re
garding the probability of a general boil
er-makers' strike on the Santa Fe system.
A part of the men believe they will be
ordered out and that the strike will be
declared within a week. An order to
strike would be obeyed by the boiler
makers here, but they do not disguise the
fact that they are much against, a pro
ceeding of that kind. They argue that
the Western strikers should be willing to
bear their own burdens in this particular
instance.
The strikers claim to be well prepared
for, a strike, and to-day the committee
began Issuing relief from the treasury.
The officials of the railway say they have
a number of locomotives en route to
Omaha and . will not suffer for engines
tor months.
OMAHA, June 28.— After a conference
lasting just five minutes this afternoon
the executive committee of the machin
ists of the Union Pacific Railroad declare
they have ordered all machinists on tho
system to ¦ quit work before Monday
morning. The demands which were pre
sented by the" men and refused by the
re.llroad officials were for a 3 per cent in
crease in salary, reinstatement of all dis
charged machinists and no piece work.
There is also the likelihood that the
Grand Jury will call for further testi
mony in the main investigation. That
depends in large measure upon the atti
tude of the District Attorney toward the
evidence already presented as affecting
Daniels. Dalton and Oakes, There la a
mass of testimony at present not trans
cribed, and the District Attorney must
depend upon the reading from the stenog
rapher's notes to get the whole effect of
the cases as they stand. He is in touch
with the Grand Jury to advise them con
cerning the law and to inform them as
to the offense that may be charged
against any or all of the men under in
vestigation.
District Attorney Allen was In consul
tation with the jury for a short time.
It- is by no means certain that the Grand
Jury will render a final report on Tues
day. In view of the disclosures which
have been made concerning the methods
employed in handling county printing, it
is strongly suspected that there will be
an overhauling of the system by which
the supplies in this connection have been
manipulated. -
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
> 1118 Broadway, Juno 2S.
The Grand Jury has delayed final ac
tion in the investigation of the chargc3
against County Assessor Henry P. Dalton
and G. B. Daniels, manager of the En
quirer Publishing Company. After a twa
hours' session this morning the body ad
journed. <at noon until .Tuesday rooming
at 10 o'clock.
¦Speculation concerning the caus£ for
the postponement of the tiling or a re
pcrt was lively. The cause of the delay
was in large measure duo to the desiru
oC" District Attorney Allen /or more time
In which to- examine the testimony al
ready presented touching the connection
ot Manager Daniels with the alleged con
spiracy in the matter of the JloOO book
deal. :: . ,
It is also well authenticated that the
Grand Jury is not yet ready to return
bills against Russell, Stedraan and M. da
L. Hadley of the Enquirer, whose offense
is, according to the uncovering of evi
dence, the concealment, of alleged crime.
The rehearing of the cases as affect
ing Hadley and Stedman leaves the way
open now for the expression of a doubt
whether the Grand Jury will return in
dictments against these* men. In fact, It
has become current talli that the moves
made to-day are indicative of the with
drawal of the bills which the Grand Jury
voted the other day to have dr^wn and
brought before them by the District At
torney. »
The only witness before the Grand Jury
to-day was Deputy County Clerk FranU
H. Mason, who has charye of the bills
and claims that ¦ are filed against the
county. It was through his hands that
the claims passed for the $1300 worth ot
books after George Oakea had sworn 10
their correctness.
Immense Amount. of Damage
Done by the Terrific
> Storm.
Little Falls Lad Sees and
Talks With the Two
Fugitives.
County East of Sierras
Shows Up Well in
Minerals.
Dredging for Gold Takes on
Still Larger Propor
tions.
HelpV Past for Hours After
Lad's Death Before He
Is Rescued.
Says Her Uncle Always Re
ferred to the Young Man
as His Son.
Eastern Boiler-Makers on the
Santa Fein Doubtlul v
Mood.
Hadley and Stedman Gain a
Rehearing — Daniels May
Be Indicted.
Caved Barth Pins Down
Prospector Near
i Dying Boy.
Three Persons Killed in
Indiana and Several.
in Texas-
Resume the Quest of
Convicts Tracy and
Merrill.
Grand Jury Postpones a
Report on Book
Scandal. .
Gives Testimony Sup
porting Claim of Pu
) tative Heir. *
Union Pacific Employes
Are Ordered on a
Strike.
NELSON'S NIECE
AIDS HARRIS!
FAILS TO TAKE
FINAL ACTION
INTO HAS BEG
COPPER REGION
SEES HIS SON
SLOWLY PERISH
WORK IS OVER
FOR MACHINISTS
POSSES AGAIN
ON THE TRAIL
LIVES ARE LOST
IN A TORNADO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAiL, SUNDAY,', JUNE 29, 1902.
28
, TACOMA, June 28. — The report of land sale 8
of the Northern Pacific Railway Company lor
the fiscal year endlnic June 30 has been com
pleted, showing an aggaegate of 1,405,951 acres
la Washington, Idaho and Oregon.
To Test Cemetery OrcHiMra.ce.
George R. Fletcher,' who, was' arrested
Jcr a; violation -of, *the\ ''cemetery, ordi
nance," ; ; and who i intends ' to test ' the ' con-'
stltutionality of the measure, . petitioned
the Supreme Court for a writ of review
yesteroay. : .- In the , Police and Superior
courts • the .- law ¦ has been'held to be valid.
The writ of habeas . corpus applied for
by J. B. Black, who was arrested on June
JO for uttering a fictitious check,'was'dc*
nied by the Supreme Court yesterday.
Black's contention was that he had be'en<
held ,ln 3ail for eight, days without an
examination in violation of the statute
which limits detention in euch- cases' to
six days. .
Must Remain in Jail.
©eo©©©©Q©oa©9Q90QQ03>e30939©©©3ec3©QOG©Goeo©OGOQOGooso©e»«»&«oeee«©a
I f •
I ¦ c.' . A^^^^Jjil/Z^ To men' who have wasted the vivacious g
1 ' ener 2y °f youth by excessive high living; ©
* y^^mlS^ .^JlilPL *° men who ave f° unc * e s P al "k °f vitality %
! MS^^^f^^^^^^Slii growing fainter, and who have, while yet g
I Kl^^^'^s?v\\ii ¥~y^ voun § * n ve ? rs » found the spirit of manly o
1 lwl^^55^-J^^^&C =:= ==sssffiS^^P v power lessening, as if old age had come. on ©
j S|!^H^^^^^PP^^S^»E1^^ and brou S' nt with it the decay of .all physical g
[ anc * v * tal ener g ie s; to such men, and to all ©
1 " iI^ e^ : =2s»s!-B^^s^^^ men f ee j ifat their vital forces are slow §
1 " " '* of action and lacking in the fire of youth, Dr. J
I p ¦ ! Q McLaughlin's Electric Belt is worth its weight •
Evidence. ? in gold ". 8
| ' 811% BrchJerlek Street. San Franclaco,^ Cal., 6 vtv *' g
% Dr. M. C. McLaugkllni Moy 8. 1002. -TBIP P I fl I" ft f" UAIITII •
} Drar Sir— Over a year apo I pureha«ed one of your \ M %m lalvla IlL V fl « O
| Belts, having nattered for years previous to that from 1110 IMS ill II. O
h rheumatism, indigestion and nervousness, and for which I lib I Illla Wl I UV I III X
? I had tried doctors and medicines without number, w
{ •^ 0 &n b iSl? l y.a ( tt"t\!S5 t rS.SlJ a fc. U^SSiSSSiS! A means of restoring youthful vigor is •
{ .Sr^V^ttiKJS^^SW&^ifJZ- priceless. Nothing in this world is worth J
:ffi on » n more to a manvwho lacks that element. And S
I; 1 , sleep well ana Imvo gained lit weight alnc« wearing tt_ -i Y j i_i- l* •.•'•¦¦ i e O
jy^wonWui^^^ aE>BniNTAK g yet here is a remedy which thousands of o
• b- — i . _ d men need, and they tail to grasp it because §
| of fear that it might fail. It is hard to believe that Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt •
I .will do what is claimed for it until you speak to some one who has tried it. Your o
5 most intimate friends are using it ar.d being cured. They don't mention it, because «
{ few m^n want any one to know they are in need of such a remedy. It makes men g
i strong; it removes the effects of early habits, indiscretions, excesses, overwork and ©
i allabuse, of the laws ot Nature. It helps»Nature to mend and makes manhood perfect. £
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |
J The failure of medicine, of quacks, and even of other so-called Electric Belts, is no ar- •
I gunient against Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. No other treatment, no other Belt, is. in the S
I same class with it. Everything else may fail, and still Dr. McLaughlin's Belt will cure. It §
J HAS cured thousands who have tried other remedies without avail. J
i ¦ Np man who is weak will make the right effort to regain his power until he tries Dr. ©
» McLaughlin's Electric Belt. A fair trial of this great remedy will make it unnecessary to ever 2
I use any other. •
l ' Be true to nature, be true to yourself and your friends. Regain your health. Give the •
» color of vigor to your cheeks, the sparkle To your eye v What use has the world for a man who S
{ ;has not the courage to face the battles oi^life? Such courage comes from a system greatly en- 8 -
> dowetf with the vital force of Electricity. Regain your manhood for good by using the won- 9
I CbCCf' DflHI/ CaI1 and consult me frce ! f vou can « an <* me explain how simply the vijror of youth 9
I rKf"r nil US 51 can be stored, or write to-day ; for my beautifully illustrated 8o-pase book. ' full of °
| I llbk UUUll truths for weak men. I send it 'closely sealed, free, if you inclose this ad. , >g
I Dt? M C Mel Al JfiHI IN •
I :..VtVvlU. W. -.iUlU/yUAJnUI-rN,. cor. Ellis, San Franclaco. %
I Offlce Hours, S a. m. to 8:30 p.- m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD BY AGENTS OR DRUG STORES. •
Free map of the different mines In Sierra
County, Cal. This is where tho recent
rich strike was made at the Steamboat
and Yankee mines. Presented by. Twen-
tieth Century Gold Company. Call or
write to Budge & Chase, Brokers, room
20, second floor, Mills building, S. F. *Continued on Page Thirty.
HOTEL METROPOLE, Santa Catallna:
From San Francisco-t-H. J. A. Frank, E.
Brandcnstein. John E. ¦ Fitzpatrick, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Barucn, F. Baruch Jr. and maid, Jesse
E. Trieste. R. R. Hauk and wife, Syd. Hart,
H. Roberts. Miss Kozmlnsky, Misses Beula
and Hilda Kozminsky, F. M. Morrison and
eon, H. R. Lipman, Mrs. I. Goodman, Mrs.
Samuel O. Meyer, Miss Stella M. Goodman,
M. W. Lowenshal, F. S. Fitzpatrlck, G. W.
Beatty. W. E. Garey. Helen E. Cowgill, Mra.
L. 1. Cowgill, G. S. Roudebush and wife, Wil
liam J. Drew, L. C. Robinson and wife.
Frank W. Wakefleld, Dr. E. J. Overend and
Paul Overend of Oakland and Miss J. McCon
uell and J. B. Coolidge of Sacramento are also
guests here.
Invitations have been issued for the wedding
of Miss Sarah D. Basch, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. S. Basch of 1170 Ellis street, to Benjamin
Barbash of Philadelphia July 6.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Rosenberg announce the en
gagement of their daughter Pauline to Charles
Teunebaum. They will receive their friends
Sunday, July 6, at 328 Vi Tehama. street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Tillie
Hodel to Fred Blederman -of Biederman
Brothers. They will receive Sunday, July 6,
trom 2 to 5 p. m. at 1458 O'Farrell street.
The encashment is 'announced of Miss Flora
Gur&ki of 229 Hayes street to Sol Haskell.
ENGAGEMENTS ANNOUNCED.
Miss Kittle Llchtensteln bas gone to Laurel
Dell for a few weeks.
Miss Kathryri Caroline Michel was married
to Henry Sylvester Fallon last Wednesday.
They will reside at Jackson, Amador County.
Ephraim Dann of Sacramento and Mrs. Kate
Dyer of Oakland were married Wednesday
afternoon at the Brunswick Hotel. The Rev.
Father Bernard McKlnnon of Menlo Park per
formed the ceremony. None but a few of the
most intimate friends were present. Mr. and
Mrs. Dann will spend a few weeks in Santa
Cruz, after which they will return to Sacra
mento, where Mr. Dann owns a beautiful
home.
The wedding of Miss Adaline Starrinc
Morgan, daughter of Hartrood Morgan, a
prominent business man of Seattle, and Percy
Howard O'Brien of this city took place in Seat
tle. Wash., last Tuesday night. The marriage
services were held In St. Mark's Church, the
Rev. J. P. D. Lloyd officiating. The church
was decorated in white and green. There were
three arches down the center aisle and one
large one at the chancel was massed in white
roses. The bridal procession consisted of the
two ushers, Harry S. Gulllxson and Dr. Frank
I. Shaw, the two bridesmaids, Mlis Jessie Bal
lard and Miss Ellse Brooks, gowned In green
silk grenadine over white talteta, carrying
white carnations tied with tulle; the maid of
honor. Miss Sadie A. Morgan, twin sister of
the bride, gowned in green silk grenadine over
white taffeta, carrying white flowers. Two
flower girls scattered white rose leaves in front
of the bride, who followed on the arm of her
father, Harwood Morgan. The bride's gown
consisted of a white embroidered creDe "de
chine, made a la princess and trimmed with
rose point lace. She wore a veil of duchess
point, which Is a family heirloom more than
100 years old, and carried a bouquet of white
roses. The bride was met at the altar by the
groom and his best man, Bruce Fitzgerald
Morgan, a cousin of the bride. During the
ceremony Mfss Relf of Seattle sang a selec
tion, "Oh, Fair and Bweet. and Holy." The
bride Is one of the social favorites of Seattle
and received her education abroad. Mr.
O'Brien Is a well-known lawyer practicing; In
San Francisco. He graduated from the Uni
versity of California in' the class of 1S95 and is
a member of the college fraternity of Phi
Gamma Delta. He' Is the eon of Mr. and Mrs.
T. V. O'Erlen of this city and Belvedere. The
your.g couple will be at home In Belvedere
after July 1 for the summer and in San Fran
cisco during the winter.
The marriage of Miss R. Harrison and Hen
ry J. Morris was solemnized at the residence
of the bride, 1521 Bryant street. Rev. Father
Morass officiated. Those present were Mrs.
Morris, Miss Grace Morris, Mrs. Kohrse, Mrs.
T. Callan, Miss E. Floyd. Miss Kohrse, Roy
Morris, Ray Morris, Mr. ajid Mrs. Clerwater,
Miss R. Floyd, Mr. Chapman, T. Floyd, Mr.
and Mrs. L. H. Harrison. Mrs. F. Brampton.
Miss Lily Brampton, L. Floyd, Mrs. M. Camp
bell, T. L. Floyd.
August J. Bannmann and Anna. Kuhnleln
•were recently married. After a short honey
moon trip they will take up their residence in
this city.
WEDDINGS.
At supper each euest was presented with a
told bell tied with white ribbon. Among those
present were: Professor James Cusick. Dr.
Walter Rielly. Judge Edward Palmer, Attor
ney Roy West, Lawyer Howard McMulIen.
George Humbert, Horace Densmore, Harry
East, Arthur Martin, Leslie Sanford. Thomas
Hlgglns. Wallace Landers, Francis Stanford,
Charles Flashman, Eugene Boullet. William
Boullet. the Misses Hendrina Shaffield. May
Robinson, Josie Semorite, Mabel Wise, Bessie
Lawlor, Minnie Le Strange, Angela Schaffeld,
Katherine Vieny. Hattle Robinson, Irene John
son. Katherine Kelly, Margaret Nelson, Mary
and Catherine Palmer, Gertrude and Nonle
Boullet. The chaperones were Mrs. Nelson and
Mrs. Boullet.
A party was (riven at the residence of Miss
Konie Boulet, 25A Stanley place, Saturday
evening. June 21, by the members of the
JCinth Abelle Club. The house was decorated
In white and gold, the colors of the club.
A very enjoyable birthday gathering was
Civen Jn honor of Miss Ida Fuending at the
home of her parents, 705 Bush street, on tha
22d inst. The young- lady has a host of
friends, many of whom called to extend their
good wishes. Miss Fuendinjf received presents
and flowers in abundance.
One of the pleasantest events of the week
at Isnacio, Cal., was the birthday party given
In honor of Mrs. H. Nielsen at her home last
Sunday. She* received many handsome gifts.
A dinner was served by the hostess and- the
afternoon was devoted to music and literary
exercises.
HOME PARTIES.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS: Preston Morris. C.
E. Godar and wife, A. Wartenweiler and wife,
Mrs. W. H. Wood, Miss May Wood, Melvln
Wood, J. J. Loggle, W. A. Mitchell,
C. L. Wooll, D. Brandley Plymire, ,M. D.,
Miss M. Brown. Mrs. Bernstein and child,
Hattie Levin, Blanche Levin, A. Johnson, Bert
Stinson. A. C. B. Weil, L. A. Wagner, Dr. H.
A. Fredrick. Dr. M. W. . Fredrick. W. E.
Graves and wife, Mrs. C. Ivancovich, Miss P.
Ivancovich, Miss K. Ivancovich. J. Ivanco
vich, B. Ivancovich, G. Ivancovich, E. Ivanco
vich, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Robinson, Mrs. Mc-
Vay, D. L. Davis. A. W. Blow, N. Stover, J.
A. Cahlll. Mrs. M. Cahlll. Miss K. Cahlll. E.
E. Schmltz. Alfred Roncovieri, Alfred Ronco
vleri Jr., Henry P. Christie, Robert Christie
Jr., J. F. Lunsmann. H. W. Lunsmann, Miss
L. Mueller, Miss D. Mueller, Mrs. D. C. Muel
ler, William A. Sexton. Miss G. Burns, T. E.
Wood, Martha. Poppe, Llllie Kallmuk. Mr. and
Mfs. Clement Bennett. Master Herbert Ben
nett. From t'klah — H. - H. Elliott. From
Lakeport — L. R. Garner, A. Levy, H, A.
Force, George H. Force, Mrs. F. H. Grinnell.
From Alaska — John Gauffln. From Fruitvale —
E. L. Blackman and wife. • From Alameda —
Mrs. E. Marsden, Mrs. T. H. Speddy, Miss
Speddy. From Fresno — W. D. Foote and wife
and two children. From Oakland— D. F. Mur
phy. From New York City — Miss E. C. Thurs
by. From San Rafael — S. G. Herzog.
AETNA SPRINGS, Napa County: From San
Francisco— Mrs. Simeon' Wenban, Mrs. W. O
Mills, Miss Carrie Mills, Master S. W. Mills,
Mrs. J. L. King, A. E. Babson,. Miss K. Har
rlgan. Miss Georgia Hayes, Mrs. Stuart, Miss
Margie Stuart, Miss N. A. Jacobs, Miss N. C.
Stallman, Judge George W. Cabanies and wife,
George W. Cabaniss Jr., S. H. Rich, William
Grosse, D. S. Dorn and wife. Miss Anna Brooks,
Miss Mabel de Moldrup, Harry S. Huff, George
P. Thomas and wife. Miss A. Hirstel, Miss C.
Hlrstel, Miss J. Hyman, Miss A. Hoffman, Jack
Lowenthal, H. Dedersky Jr., Louis Pope,
Lewry C. Porter, Miss M. Alice Schroth, Miss
Florence G. Schroth, Miss Elsie Young, Charles
Schroth, T. H. McCarthy and wife, Henry
Dlerks. Misses Dierks, Mrs. J. H. Dierks, Mr.
and Mrs. McQule, Mrs. E. Illig, Francis Illlg,
Miss Mattle Lormare, B. Burling Tucker,
Charles C. Echlln. Mel Schweitzer, James Code,
Miss Hagmaler, Edgar A. Behlow, Mrs. W. P.
Shaw. Miss E. W. Dean. Henry P. Jones. A
L. Cana, O. N. Hall, MIssea Shephard, Frank*
RIVERSIDE HOTEL: From San Francisco
— George W. Bo^gs, J. C. Perkins, Mrs. A. E.
Nealander, Gertrude Mulhein. Florence E.
Montgomery, Julius Senary and family, T. H.
Fox and wife, Mrs. Anna Meade, California
G. Meade, Arline G. Meade, Mrs. M. Juda,
Eugene Juda, K. M. Ham. J. Smith, C. T.
Hill wife and child. E. Geismiter and wife;
Berkeley — Mrs. G. Aylronl, Margaret Ronald
pon, Anna A. Ronaldson. Rev. Herbert T.
Cash, Lizzie Duncan, Margie Smith: Houston,
Texas — Mrs. J. J. Settergast, Miss Jennie Set
tergast. Miss Alma Settergast, Mrs. Mary
Scholibo, Miss Emma Scholibo, Miss Mabel
SchollbO; H. R. Chapman, Colorado Springs,
Colo.; Miss Dora Hems, San Leandro: II. G.
James and wife, Los Angeles; George W. Boggs,
J. C. Perkins, San, Francisco: W. F. Smith,
Mrs. W. F. Smith, Monterey; Mrs. Louis
Johnson,. Luella Johnson, Cotopaxl, Colo.;
Earle J. Harold, Richmond, Indiana; Mrs. D.
Welrman and family, Mrs. Henry J*. : Jaffa.
Master Edgar Jaffa. A. Rosenwald. wife and
daughter, Mrs. B. Flesher, Alma Rosenwald,
Albuquerque, N. M. ; Mrs. .Wetzler, ' Holbrook,
Arli.; Frank Warrala, Danville; Laura M. Le
Burg. Chicago; Miss Birdie Jonas, Miss Marie
Young, Santa Cruz; Wood B. Hughes and wife,
George A. Hughes, G. W. Hughes, Cookseyvllle,
Mo.; Oakland — N. J. Hughes, H. L. Osgood and
wife. Misq L. Osgood, Mrs. F. ' Bach, E R
Bennett. Miss May B. Cruff. J. R. Goodale
and wife, R. R. Felton," J. F. Lynas, M. E.
Montgomery. Stella P. Mlnchen, Eva M.
Avers, Estella E. Matheson, Sarah M. White,
Etta J. Sutherland; J. B. Osborn, Kansas
City. Mo.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — C. M. Beck, I. M. Wilson, J. Towne,
Chris Taft, E. D. Collings. W. D. Bovee, An
son S. Peterson, E. S. Braeme, Mrs. S. Starr
and children. Miss F. Robinson, George R.
Drever, Felix Butts, Mrs. N. Nelson, Mr. and
Mrs. B. J. Rybicke, W. Evans, R. D. Roberts,
H. Scott, Paul Mager, Miss J. Josephs, John
.Sadran, Mrs. F. Frentz and children, T F.
Thomas, John Clark, F. Rodriquez, H. Somers,
Miss E. J. Murray, F. McLaug'ulin and son,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Myers, N. O. Hills, H. Wood
bury, J. Sachan. Mrs. J. Klose; William F.
Burnett, George J. Klein, Hollister; Al Kuhn,
J. J. Croxson, San Juan; E. P. Staton, F.
Benedicts, Oakdale; J. de Rose, Palo Alto;
D. N. Nixon, E. E. Storme, P. F. Johnson. B.
Willis, San Jose; Clyde Dennett. Santa Cruz;
Mrs. P. Garrissere, Miss Lucile Garrls
eere, J. J. Franklin, Salinas; Miss, Jose
phine Clavere, A. J. Elrod, Conrad Jessen,
Gilroy; H E. Kilea, L. , Peterson, G. J. Jen
nings, R. S. Raphael, Oakland; Mr. and Mrs.
W. C. Bennett, Tucson, Arizona; Mile. Marie
Clarke and maid, Paris, France.
HOTEL EL PASO DE ROBLES: From San
Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. James Alexander,
Miss Constance Alexander, Miss Jessie Alexan
der, Mrs. I. Goodman, Miss Goodman, Mrs.
Samuel O. Meyer, James Drevel, H. E. Pear
sons, C. WV Wentworth, J. L. Herner. J. D.
Cardinell. G. W. Helman, Mrs. Afflerbach,
Miss Afflerbach, H. E. Buckmlnster, A. Klan,
James Hansen, Mrs. ' E. Green, Miss Hazel
Green, A. Marks, J. C. Keige. J. L. Gilbert, T.
P. Clark, E. D. Lynch, T. W. Brown, Thomas C.
Nlnmeyer, T. Whicheler, M. A. Abraham. W.
E. Floyd, G. W. Hallowell, Bliss G. Johnson,
Peter Malone, F. H. Fogle, James Smith, K.
M. Ham, H. L. Blumberg, George Harris. SV.
H. King, G. Consigner!, Miss Mamie Consigli
eri. E. H. Baxter, R. McNamara, S. M. Stock,
Leon Furst, Burns Macdonald, M. S. . Shain,
S. E. Epler, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Juda, Thomas
Denlgan, G. Howard Thompson, G. W. Hatch,
F. S. Broddy. C. A. Chrisman, A. W. Otten
heimer, Joseph H. Nathan, Fred R. Koening;,
M. Stone, O. Soloman, E. Berge, F. W. Aust,
Miss Saalburg, David Block. Mrs. H. J. Wick
er, Mrs. A. M. Bryant. Mr. and Mrs. M. Cahn,
L. Bryan, H. Williams; from Boston— W. A.
Springer; from San Luis Obispo — Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Lynch, A. E. Campbell, ,H. M. Payne,
Fred V. Vollmer; from San Lucas — Dr. W. R.
Hedgpath, E. C. Griswald; from Chicago-
George W. Walsh; from Los Angeles — M. A.
Abrahams, Mr. and Mrs. George Russell, E.
R. Hudson, Miss Violet Wheeler. Mrs. Wheeler;
from Fresno — Miss Visscher: from San Miguel —
Mrs. D. F. Maloney, Miss Fitzgerald: from New
York — A. J. Slmmonds, W. W. Johnston; from
Chicago — Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Foot; from
Salinas — B. V. Sargent; from Sacramento — E.
P. Colgan; from Eureka— Thomas Hunter;
from Martinez — George Wells.
Following" are the lists of recent arrivals at
the summer resorts:
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS
(All notices Intended for this column must
be vouched for by the name and address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.)
4nost interesting social
f ~l item of the week was ' the an
/7 1 nouncement of th'e c-nsage-
IV I j ment of Miss Edith Marie
y^y Huntington to John D. Spreck
els Jr. Miss Huntington is a
• beautiful belle of !ccal so
ciety, and one of the most charming
young women In the exclusive set. She* is
talented, and her presence at a social
function .is always welcomed. Mr. Spreck
els is a son of the well-known capitalist.
Ho is broad .shouldered, athletic and is
popular. The wedding day has not been
announced, but the marriage will be an
event in society. • : . . . • •
Numerous weddings * were celebrated
during the past week. The ceremonies
were performed in prettily decorated
churches, and society crowded the sacred
edifices.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS: San Francisco
— John Fouk, . J. -B. Bacon. Mrs. Annie Bar
nard, Mrs. C. J. Walker, J. W. Rooch and
wife, Marie Rooch, Mrs. Griffin, T. H. Cole
man, E. B. Bills, H. W. Higglns. WIIHara
Ellery, George W. Ellery. N. S. Mason, A. H.
Goddard, Charles W. Jackson. Robert W. Pros
ser, J. W. - Coffroth. H. Ruth, A. S. Armuth.
Sacramento — H. F. Strinjrfellow and wife. E.
F. Peart. L. Bleakmore, Tom A. Smith. Ga
zelle — B.. Bryan, John Leech, E. B. Edson.
Louis M. Foulke Jr. Yreka — F. Grisez, Peter
Urban, L. Van Burkles. Auburn— F. P. Groha,
Miss Grohs, Miss Lollye Grohs. Sonoma — Rex
E. Bond. Los Angeles — Colonel Freeman G.
Teed. Mountain View — Miss N. Robinson. W.
A. Gordon, Mtea F. B. Gordon. Acer 1 — S. L.
McNaughten. Klamathon — Hervey LIndley.
Klamath Falls— C. R. Marple.Alex Martin Jr.,
to — Mrs. A. M. Dodge. From Irvlngton — E. B.
Thompson, Joe Gomey. From Oakland — Dr. H.
B. Mehrman»- and wife. Miss Helen Mehnnann,
Abe Leach, lfn>' : Leach, G. M. Fisher and wife.
Miss Berreta M. Fisher. Dr. A. Fine and P. S.
Skinner of Berkeley. .
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN: From San
Francisco — Thomas P. Woodward and family,
Miss J. A. Doran. George Y. Volkmann and
family. Miss E. S. Kopf. Mrs. P. S. Galpin,
Miss F. Galpin, Miss J. Galpin, Master P. Gal
pin, Henry Gray and family, William Mooser
and family, Mrs. K. S. Yeman, Miss L. D.
Painter, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Klnne, J. P.
Hennessey, John Staude and wife. Mrs. J. F.
Cowdery and daughter. F. H. Ames. Mr. and
Mrs. A Hammersmith; A. B. Adams. Miss
A. Ashton. New York; Ralph Brown, St. Louis;
Miss M Doyle Burlingame; Mr.' and Mrs. H.
K Belden. Miss N. Belden, Miss L. Belden.
Miss Potter, Oakland; Miss Green. Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas ; Addison. Berkeley; J. E. Au
zerais and family. Miss M. Scheller. San Jose ;
Mrs. M A. Lawrence, Miss Lawrence. Chi
cago; Captain and Mrs. A. S. Fleming, John
S. Marshall* and wife. U. S. A.
DEER PARK INN — From San Francisco:
Mrs M. F. Brewer, F. L. Hempt, Mrs. H.*
Baehr, W. H. Baehr, Mrs. W. F. Tallanf, Au
brey Tallant, Drury Tallant, • Jerome Tallant,
Helen Frederick Tallant and nurse. Miss G.
Squire, Maurice J. Sullivan, Maurice S-. Finn.
Mrs. G. B. Wilcutt, George H. Wllcutt, Mrs.
J. Benton, Sam Bibo. Czerng- Goldberg, S. H.
Brome and wife, George B. Bramhall, Mrs. A,
L. Whitney, Mr.' Whitney Jr.. Miss Whitney
and nurse. From Sacramento: MI33 F. Ru?si,
Miss Belle Dodson, J. Russl. From Riverside:
James Hewetson, John Hewetson. From San
Rafael : Mrs. John E. Alexander, J. N. Alex
ander, Bernice Alexander. From Truckee — Ed
F. Owens. Charles Slegel. From Stockton — J.
K. Wagner and wife. From Oakland — Dr. C.
Cole. From Hllo,' Hawaii — Esther LUlibridge.
PARAISO SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
E. S. de Wolfe. Fred Gehret. Miss May Kelley,
Mrs-.' S. A. Dyer. Susie Dyer, H. Joost, H.
Gullixon and wife. James Hansen. Henry M.
Adams, H. : M. Abrams. A.. Gllliland. C. M.
Eppers, C. H. Stoutenborou^h, J. , C. .. Robbln
and wife, S. E. Cohen.; Rae Cohen. Isaac Mil
ler . Mrs. C. Lindenman. . Miss ¦ Bertha Asher,
Miss SadlFlnk. T. M. Fink, F. F. Judge and
children, Mrs. Anna Aherson. From San Car
los — Mra. Bella Britton and Miss Bella Brit
tan ¦ Mrs. Cohen and - daughter. From Wat
sonville7-R. /P. Qulnn.. W. R. .Porter, E. F.
Trafton.'-From Salinas — J. M. McDougall. Mrs.
McDougall, Thomas Lynn. R."» J. • Adcock. • S.
F.'Gell,' B. Sobranes. -From Kings City — J." N.
Besse," J." W. • Coan, William Frleder ¦ and ; son.
From Monterey— Tom Field. From Sacramen-
CAMP TAYLOR: From San Francisco —
Fred Wolf. George Manndrell, A. K. Coney,
Mrs. M. Fahey, L. Carter and family, A. C.
Karskl, M. Jacob3on, E. W. Currier, Robert
W. Jones, B. R. Sheyer, C. A. Clinton, M. D.
C. F. Karster*, B. W. Cameron, W. J. ll
Klenleff, T. C. J.ienieff, B. F. Steenllene, Dr.
J. Baer, Mrs. T J H. Maddock, J. Marks, Mr.
and Mrs. F. H. Bennett, J. E^ Locke, Mr. and
Mrs. Leonard S. Leavy, E. A. Holmes, J. B.
Thellmor.s, A. J. Lyons. H. Haake, F. Haake,
R.' Haake, W. C. Hofen. E. F. Hennlng. Mr.
and Mrs. Muller, Charles L.' Pillman, Miss
Rose Keene, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Webster, Miss
Margaret Webster, Mrs. H. Wollenschlager,
Miss Mary Ryder, Miss Annie Thompson, Edna
S. Boyd. Miss Belle Boyd, Mrs. L. Johansen,
Mrs. Bullwlnkel and family, Mrs. Meyer and
family, Miss Ellleen M. B. Swift. Mr, and
Mrs. Ben I. Salomon; Mrs. W. | H. Lane, Miss
Marie Belm, Mrs. T. R. Leon and child, Mrs.
M. Marks, Miss Julia Marks, Mr. and Mrs.
Earnest Christen, Albert Helmke and family.
Miss O. Leftgens, Mrs. A. Bernauer, Miss K.
Heyden, Misse3. J. and F. Bernauer, Henry F.
Ruchcauff, Louise Agnes Hlckey, A. M. Ken
dry, W. Drossell, Miss Tillie Helpmann, R. J.
Courtier, Darby Bassillio, Barney McCracken,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed W'lghtlngale, Mr. and Mrs.
T. Wise, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Hancock, Mr. and
Mrs. N. D. Neumann, , Mr. ' and Mrs. J. Tray
lior, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. McKlnlay. Mr. and
Mrs. F. Brophy, Mr. and Mrs. V. Eirkbaum,
Mr. and Mrs*. T. C. Shankland, George Hewlett
and family, Walter ¦ Hoflnghoff, L. Haake,
Dick Garrett, George Rogers, Will A. Schnei
der, Myrtle R. Saylor, Gertie Bentchler, Otto
Barthek Jr., Otto Liedelt, Mrs. H. Baum. Miss
E. Baum, - Miss L. . Bucher, Mrs. J. Bucher,
Mrs. George A. Faulkner. Oakland— Ida M.
Campbell, Daisy G, Maxneld.- Marlon P. Lang,
Etta A. Bridgman. Jessie Campbell, Nellie
Campbell, Mrs. M. M. Campbell, Henry Lang,
Lynne Gillette. Will Wilderson, Sydney Mott.
MOUNTAIN VIEW RANCH: -From. San
Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. P. Harder, Miss
Alma Harder. Clara Harder, Miss Ida May,
Harry Callahan, Miss Alice Hart, Mervyn Cal
lahan, Mrs. .Reimers, Raymond Callahan, Mrs.
B. E. Henrlksen, Mr. and Mrs. Callahan. Mrs.
Hetty, Elsa' Hetty. P. S. Hetty. Mrs. O'Con
nor, Mrs.. P. Williams, Miss Adele Ephrain>,
Mrs. Sam Latz, Mifs Rose Latz, Joseph Latz,
Mr." and Mrs. Dietz, Harry -Dietz. Ed Hilty,
Mr. and Mrs. ¦ Cochran, Miss Emma Hecker,
Gladys Cochran, Letty Cochran, Mrs. .W. Hig
glns, Mr. Wilkins. Mr. Miller, Mrs. Rosen
garden, Mrs. E. S. Levy, Miss Sadie Levy,
Lawrence T^evy, Mrs. ! Harris, Mrs. Gutmann,
Miss Irma Gutmann, Ed Lewis, Mrs. E. Lewis,
Clarence Lewis, Mr., and Mrs. M. ¦ D. -Levy,
Gustave Levy, Ed Davis, Mr. Ulmer, Mr. and
Mrs. James Kennedy, Mr. Cartwrlaht. J.
Bergr, Miss Vibianna Kennedy, Claire Ken
nedy, Mr. Muller, Mrs. . Muller, Mifa Muller,
Mrs. A. P.: Dawson, Miss Mildred Dawson,
Mrs.' Dawson, Will ConradI, Mrs. A. Mayers,
Miss ' Anna Mayers, Miss Gertrude " Mayers,
Mrs. *A. Becker, Adolph Becker, Miss Stafford,
Will Stafford, Will C. Bogen, Harry W. Bogen,
Mr. '¦ Boag. ¦ MIS3 Claire Brownstone, Miss B.
Hammerschlage,". Miss M. Wollner, Mrs. Cohen,
Miss Anna Cohen. From San Mateo — Mrs. E.
A. Husinc, Miss. Ethel Huslngr, Miss Byrne.
From Vallejo— Mr.- and Mrs.J. O'Leary. From
San Jose — Miss Emma Levy, Miss Clara Levy.
From Chicago — Mr.-Cdbb. . .
M. Gillman. Miss Katherlne GlUman, Miss Lo
retta O'Brien. Robert C. Porter, Michael S.
Alexander, William B. Craig and wife, R.
Maertlns, Mrs. L. A. Lewis, Dr. Owen Buck
land, Mabel Northrup Osier, Mr. and Mrs. E.
A. Shepard, Dr. C. W. Richards, F. S. Cooper,
Eleanor Lavalee, G. Marlon Heller Kahn, H.
B. Larselere, Benjamin Wallenstein and. wife,
John G. Us and wife. H. Relgle and son. Mas
ter William Heller. William D. Page. Arthur
Page, Mr. and Mrs. S. W. Heller, Czerny Gold
berg, A. B. Butler, Mrs. A. B. Butler, Mr. and
Mrs. Julius Ach, Sam Bibo, Mrs. J. Goldberg,
Rene Goldberg and governess, Zelda Goldberg;
from Oakland — Norrls L. Gage, Mrs. G. W.
Percy and children, Stephen T. Gage, J. N.
Bernham and wife. Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Wet
more, child and maid. John M. Wlllard, Joseph
M. Kendall, A. S. Conn. J. Gordon, wife and
two children; from Alameda — H. R. Taylor.
Mrs. H. R. Taylor and daughter, Mrs. Beath
P. .Searight, Miss Harriet E. Worden; from
Stockton — P. .E. Holt; from Los Angeles — A.
Putnam: from New York — Mr. and Mrs. F. M.
Scamans, Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Heller. Miss M.
Heller and maid. Master William Heller; from
Placerville — J. E. Suton, George Schiff, C. J.
Greer, Theodore Schant, Flint Chase; from
Stanford University — Mrs. Ella S. Hartnell,
Maria Teresa Hartnell, Ella Rachael Hartnell:
from Fruitvale — J. G. Jackson; from Mountain
View — Mrs. J. M. Williams; from Eureka. Cal.
—Mrs. Lottie Berry, Mrs. J. Nichols, Miss May
Greenlaw; from Philadelphia — James M.
Denegre. \ ¦
WEGENER VILLA. Glen Ellen— Mr. and
Mrs. R. Lorentz and family. Professor and Mra.
Riegger and family. Miss M. Brlmner of Bos
ton. Mr. and Mra. T. Howard and family. Miss
Mary Kellv Masters Harry. William and Theo
dore Davies, Miss Rose Slmlnoff. Miss Julia
Coffey, Mr. and Mrs. F. Monlhnn and family.
William J. Hynes, James B. Coffey. Edward
WHITE COTTAGES. Howell Mountain.
From San Francisco — Mrs. A. W. Voorsangei
and two children. Mrs. Rosa Frey, Mrs. J. D.
Frey and two children. J. D. Frey. Mrs. R»
Wallman and two children. Mrs. A. Faye, Mrs.
M. Henderson. Mrs. Makee and nephew. Miss
Ada Stoddard. M. Schoenholtz. Miss Emily
Honie, Miss H. M. Grimohl. Miss- Hattle Ja
cobs; from Oakland — Mrs. R. Wallman and
children.
PURISSIMA SPRINGS: From San Fran-
Cisco — E. J. Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Wash
borne, • C. VT. Ferrier, E. S. Schultz. J. May
nard Jr., J. J. Smith. L. J. Greenhead, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Rogers. R. M,. Tobin. A. Kuster,
F. Hogan, J. Engenbacher, R. Hamman: from
Mayfleld — Mrs. Dr. Samuels. Mrs. Hardle,
Clifford Samuels; from San Mateo — J. T. Jen
nings, Mrs. J. S. Jennlnsrs.
AGUA CA1JENTE SPRINGS: From Sat
Francisco — A. E. Lovett, Mrs. M. E. Shaw,
Miss G. E. Shaw. Dr. C. Maaoero, Charles W.
Sutro. Professor Joseph Beringer, Mme. Joseph
Beringrer. Miss Gladys V. Berlnger and maid.
From Vallejo — R. B. Loyall. From Oakland —
R. G. Tober, Agnes Tober, Mrs. J. M. Straus,
Lcuis. Strauss. Mrs. Malvyn Furst. Miss Hazel
Leszyn3ky. Mrs. Leon Leszynsky, G. R.
Meyers. J. Torpey.
• NAPA SODA SPRINGS: Urn.. H. Zelle,
John Zelle, S. Rosen.lum, Mrs. P. RehSsh and
family, B. D. Pike, George G. Gould and wife,
Louis Chapins, M. Adler. M. Schmltt. C. H.
Jackson, Miss L. Morgan, A. ' H. Powers and
wife, C. D. Porter and wife. M. L. Culver,
Miss Culver. W. M. Ramsey, Mrs. V." B.
Maben. John W. Slade and wife, George H.
Ireland and wife, C. R. Wlnalow and family,
C. Bernhart and wife of San Francisco; W.
W. Foote. W. S. Rutherford. Miss RutherforO
of Oakland; Drury Melone, Miss Melone, Mrs.
Dean. Miss Dean of Oak Knoll; D. W. Robert
son. M. H. Furlor.gr, Miss McGlnnls, Miss Kltto,
Miss Ward. Miss Sallon. Miss Brosnahan.
Thomas J. O'Hara. George Campo. Geom
Growney. Walter Smith. W. O. Anderson. D.
Lynch. Charles E. Walsh. D. McHaughton of
Vallejo: Dr. and Mrs E. M. Porter of Napa.
R. E. Hunsaker. Portland — P. B. Daren. Jet
G. Moss, B. L. Banco.m. Boston, Mass. — Mr.
and Mrs. E. E Bennett. Alameda — O. Obera
and wife: Monmouth — J. H. Hawley. Kla
math Agency — S. Hemenway.
THE TALLAC: From San Francisco— L A
Phillips. Master Walter Heller and governess
Miss Fannie Stern and governess. Mr. and Mrs
G. Ryder, Mr. and Mrs. H. R. Mann, Edward
ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Franclsc(5 —
E. J. Steffens, J. R. Daggett, H. A. Hornlein,
Miss Anna Moser. Mrs. M. G. Mordoff, H. F.
Mordoff, J. F. Lunsmann, Miss L. Mueller,
Miss D. Mueller,- H. A. Lunsmann, W. E.
Duan, J. E. Hooper and wife, L. Yates. P. J.
O'Dea; Phil Knell, wife and two children;
Mrs. C. Loveland. Mrs. R. Prescott, Miss D.
Limbaugh. 3*. A. Miller. C. Scwarz and wife,
S. Deckelman, Frank V. Allen, B. Frank
Ames, J. F. McCarthy. R. Vail, Miss Edith
Alexander, Miss Myrtle Stcne, Miss Ethel
Stone, Miss Alta Thomas. I. C. G. Clinton,
Hon. J. V. CofCey, Edward J. Coffey, Miss M.
C. Athearn, George V.' Frank, Milton Frank
lin, Joseph Frank, Mrs. Boldmann, Louts Gal
lagher, H. Kruger, L. Fredericks, A. Johnson,
Jimmy Britt, Charles M. Dufflcy, Florence
Denlo, Alvira Levy. Mrs. J. Dougherty. Mrs.
Rosenfeld and daughter, Susie Kerrison, Minnie
Coy, Mamie McElroy. M. A. Williams, O. F.
Haley, D. F. Crawley, Mrs. Hankel, James
Ryan. Mary Ryan, James N. Thane. Charles
A. McCarthy, James McCarthy, J.' Thode, H.
Fuelscher, A. Cavallo, H. H. Herren. O. Fitch
and wife, W. E. McGaugh, A. Pugh, Charles
E. Carlson. From Oakland — Harry Brunlng,
William Hunters. A. W. Duck, G. H. Dunn,
H. H. Eraun. From Crockett — George Pry tz.
From San Rafael — Matthew Kavanagh. From
Stockton — R. Kile. From Mount Vino — J. S.
Enrlght. From Napa — M. D. Slattery, Jacob
Blumer. From Los Angeles — J. T. Utley,
William n. Hubbard. wife and child;
Peter Drowns and family.' From San
Diego — Harry Faul, Minnie Senton and
sister. From Redlands — T. Bainbridge. From
Riverside — Arthur Sage. From Fallbrook — K.
Westphaul. From Sacramento-^-W. Donahue
E. Coney, O. Rotholz and son, I. Hyman
From Callstoga— E. L. Armstrong, T. A. Light
Conrad Lamprecht, Mr. and Mrs. Brown and
tamily, .William Spiers: From Oakvllle — J A
Chaix, V. A. Chalx.. F. V. Chaix. From
VaHeJor-J. F. Deanljiger .. and . family. Josie
Walsh. Miss M. E. Harvey. H. D. Lazelle.
From Amador City— P. J. Kelley. H. F. Lawn
Peter Downs. From Sausallto — J. F. Fergu
son, Mrs. J. Ferguson. From Kelseyvllle M'
Johnston. Miss Ethel Stone. Miss Alta Thomas!
From Lakeport— E. Hudson. W. J. Boggs
From Sonoma City— H. Weyl and wife. From
Milwaukee, Wis.— O. Fitch and wife.
BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—E. G. Vinzent, Gustave Schnee, M.
\$ £'i,^ Ir V an ? M , rs< Georsre ¦ Gale and child:
W. Kidd Lewis, Harry Corbett. Miss Kate
11 * 3 I f azel Corb e", C. C. McMahan.
Adolph Hromada, E. Hromada, A. Hromada
R. Kennedy, J. A. Percy, Mrs. S. W. Cllsby
Joseph Schrelber Jr. and wife, T. 'Hodge Mr
and Mrs J. T. Pohei;M. ' Mrs. L<o Pockwitz'
Mr. and itrs Charles Btntzine, Louis A. Souc
Mra Edward May, Miss Alice B. May, Mrs
M. D.; W. F. Hess. II. P. Christie Robert
and Mrs. William Greenwald, Patrick Hen
nesny, Mrs. F. A. . Foster: from Woodland—
Julius Hachmnnn, C. C. Knight; from .Oak-
So . Ka^ n . Ifvln« H. Kahn. Henrlette
Kahn Mrs H. K. Zeimer and maid, George
Westphal Fred Westphal; from Alaska— John
Gauffln; from Corning— Mrs. Mary Todd, Hen-
Todd> , May Si Todd: from Arizona-Ash
Wilkinson; from Blue Lakes— Mrs. O Wise
man; from Marysville— A. J. Triplett- from
Walnut Grove-M. Evelyn Cowing; trow Sam™
ow^3 Il \, an 2. *£¦•«?• H - Glide and maid.
T" ar T k r ei & t C - lnn> B - Chlnn - Charles
L. Smith, H. M. La Rue; from Williams— W
H. Hammock: from Fresno— Mr. and Mrs. L*
A. Elasingame. H. O. Buker and wife. C b'
Shaver ard wife; from Berkeley — T D Stpv'
enson; from San Rafael — Mrs. Halton" m™
A. W. Mitchell. Manin Mitchell. W MltcMT
HOBERG-S RESORT: From San Francisco
-Charles A. Wooll. John Schartz? E J Ster °
fans H. Fitzpatrlck, Mrs. George Galls A
H. Mau, Mrs. S. Pauli, Miss Therese B1mi«'
Mrs. M. Klenk, Paul Klenk. HenVy K?enk Mr'
Schuler: from Alameda— Mrs. C. D Postel'
Miss Florence Postel: from . Oakland— Charles
Peterson: from Berkeley— Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Stanwood Stone, Mrs. F. V. Allen, MissAt
klnson. Mr. Carlson.
HOTEL LYNDON: From San Francisco— A.
Eukel, Mr. and Mrs. Lowe, E. S. Belcher W.
J. Davis, C. A. Grow and wife. Miss Bin?
Moseley, W. W. Scott. A. H. Brlggs, H. F.
Briggs,- W. J. Spotswood. R. A. Wheeler. T.
C. • Grubb, Mrs. D. Callaghan, Mis3 Mayant
Callaghan, J. J. Roby and wife, J. J. Duck
and wife. A. L.. Edwards, A. O. Lotto, C. A.
Meiser and wife, Delma Nagle, Edna Nagle,
J. A. Farmer and wife, J. L. Eastland, W. O.
Connor, T. C. Foster. Charles Rennell, Miss
D. G Jesse. Dr. and Mrs. M. F. Bowes, A. S.
Perley, wife and daughter. ' Ella Mansfield,
Bonnie E. Gains. Genevieve McBride, Bess Mc-
Brlde. Hatibel Osgood. Laura Bearley, Charles
Green, A. E. Ingersoll. From Oakland — T. C.
Coogan and wife, Miss Mary Coogan, Mis3
Margery Coogan, Miss Helen Coogan. Daniel
Belden, Edward Barry and wife. Miss Jans
Barry, Miss Edna Barry, Miss Letta Barry,
Albert J. Coogan, Miss Dolores "Wilkins,
Louise Omey, H. Hoffman, W. H. Chickering,
A. W. Goodfellow, William H. Raymond and
wife. Mrs. T. W. Drullard, George G. Winches
ter, S. M. McDermot.
Fredericks and wife. Miss Isabel Vail, "W.
Hazelton, Mrs. C. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. A.'
Levin, W. H. Sanford. T. J. Belton, T. J. Dun
can, Dr. Dora I. Dorn, May B. Blythe, Eunice
Blythe, Charles Boudrow and wife, Miss E.' A.
Meyer, Miss Livingston, Miss , Beatrice S.
Scheelingv P. B. Anspacher, A. H. Lyons. Ala
meda — A. L. Crane and wife. Oakland — G. K.
Marslly, Mrs. M. Marsily, Mrs. Georgette Mar
sily, Harry. E. Leach. Middletown — Howard
Turner. Miss Emma Reese, Miss Bertha Koop
man, Gus Collins. . Napa — Herbert* B. Wilton.
Santa Rosa— M. D. Cilley, W. D. Dixon. Ang
wins—Mrs. L. Rosenfeld Weill, Master Will R.
Weill, Mrs. A. Silverman, Miss Marie Tlosch,
E. Dafoe, Miss Mertie Abrahamson, Milton
Abrahamson. St. Helena — W. A. Macklnder,
Mrs. F. G. Patrick, George W. Fee. St. Al
bans, Vt.— Henry P. Jones. Honolulu— S. W.
Wilcox and wife. Emeryville — C. Berhard and
wife. Brooklyn. N. Y. — Miss Clla B. Seymour.
THE GEYSERS HOTEL: San Francisco-
Fred Lone, W. H. Ashnroft, J. McDonald, W.
C. Deyl, F. Hey wood, Maud Hey wood; Mannie
Block and wife. Gertrude Block, A. Roos and
wife, P. Gale Perkins, D. S. Smith, Dr. M.
W. Frederick, Dr. H. A. Frederick, Mrs.
Thomas McDonald. Charles I. Morris, C. M.
Schroeder and wife, Paul Riecker, A. Asher,'
Minnie Hufschmldt, Mrs. Frank Nettmami,
Mrs. M. A. Long. Herbert Long, Melville
Long, Al D. Kerrell, Mrs. Vv r . W. Topping,
Mrs M. L.. Pond. Milwaukee — Albert . F.
Kindt. Mill Valley— J. W. Farrington and
wife. Alameda — Edna Rue. Cleveland — Eu
gene C. Eppley. Novato— H. F. Bluher. Los
Angeles— Miss Borden. Berkeley — Paul Mc-
Reynolds. Fruitvale— E. L. Blakeman and
wife. Cloverdale — C. E. Humbert and wife,
W. L. McCray. Germany — Mr. and. Mrs. Wer
ner, H. Werner, D. Werner. Oakland— Helena
R. Gorton, Anna R. Gorton G. W. E. de
Golia and wife. Miss de- Golia. Miss Gage,
Henry Flicler, H. A. Powell, Mrs. Felton Tay*
lor, Nevada J. Harlan, Fred E. Urlkine, Emma
Wilkins. J. M. Robinson. Addie M. Goodrich.
Jesse McCargar. Mrs. Mein, R. M. Mein, F.
H. Allen and wjife, W. H. Knight. Miss Knight,
Harriet Kniuht, Mrs. N. A. Aiken. Miss C.
Morrisson, Mrs. C. H. Lowell
SOCIETY OUTING
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
29
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W, TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building, 1170 Market etreet, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with the electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Poison Oak
Positively cured In one day by frequent appli-
cations cf Brahman Cream. Sold by J. S. Potts
Drug Co.. 1016 Market St., and other druggists;
also at office of Dr. Traverse. 1170 Market st.
Hotel del Monte
. MORNING:
GOLF TOURNAMENT.
AFTERNOON:
PING-PONG ) Tournaments.
BOWLING 1 Preliminary Heats.
.EVENING:
PING-PONG I Tournaments.'
BOWLING $ Finals.
A silver cup will be presented by
the hotel to the winner of each event.,
WOMEN'S
JACKETS
CLEARANCE SALE
BEFORE REMODELING
THE DEPARTMENT.
Here'B the ¦whole etory in a nutshell. Our
cloak and suit business has grown to such
splendid proportions that we are compelled
to entirely remodel the department to give
It better facilities. Before beginning oper-
ations the etock must be reduced to the
lowest possible level, and prices have been
smartly lowered to make this store the
center of attraction for every woman with a
Jacket want. The Jackets are- right in.
every way— you'll find no better tailoring,
r.o nobbiT modes, no richer materials any-
where. These five items point the way to
a score or others equally surprising.
BLACK CLOTH ETON JACKETS—
Strapped with bands of satin: made in
the newest fashion tnd substantially
lined; now $G.5O
TAILOR-MADE TAN CLOTH JACKETS —
Jaunty as can be; tailored In the height
of fashion; well lined and honestly made:
now ; $8.50
BLACK CLOTH GIBSON • JACKETS—
Handsomely trimmed with straps of
eatin; lined throughout with eilk: now
$ 1 n.."i<>
SWELL TAILOR-MADE CLOTH JACK-
ETS — Made In the popular 22-lnch length;
lined with Eatin and handsomely etltch-
ed; now .....$12.50
BLACK VENETIAN CLOTH JACKETS—
Perfect beauties; made with satin trim-
ir.fcd revers and velvet collar; richly lined
throughout with satin; now iflu.OO
- NEWMAN & _^y™9?y • * „ "* _'_._ 1 _¦__„'¦ ' . . . '. J. '. i
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
v Arabian Curtain Sale
This week we have on sale Arabian Curtains at prices never before heard of.for this: |
class of goods. , '
Arabian Curtains full width and regular length with corded borders and plain centers,
Sale price $Z m O\)
i Arabian Curtains with cable net centers and elaborate scroll designs on borders, also imported .
French net curtains with Arabian soutache and prettily corded borders, $}4 yards long and
36 inches wide :;;'. : v »v
Sale price Cpo»«/3
Arabian Curtains with plain net centers, borders with elaborate patterns in choice designs
full size and extra quality <k -' > 'f
Vila nnrtft ¦ T^^-w- is ¦
.. Ortie price i+J b«v^\/
Hosiery Bargains Shirt Waist Specials
Ladies' fancy and black Richelieu ribbed lisle thread Ladies' waists made of fine white lawn, perfect fitting
hose with double soles, heels and toes, reduced QET^ and in the latest styles, with fronts tucked in vandyke
from 35c and 50c per pair to points with hemstitching; the backs tucked <£Q AA
Men's fancy lisle thread, and black cotton half hose >n clusters; special value at CpZ.UU
with double soles, reduced from 35c and 50c per QC^. Ladies' white pique waists with black polka dots, well
pair to .' made in the correct style with fancy stocks to <£Q AA
n/f j r t 1 match; special value at ;.. <4>^«UU
iVlGn S . UnQCrWCcir Ladies* plain tailor made, and fancy tucked and heai-
Men's fine ribbed Balbrigean Underwear, shirts have stitched waists, made of madras, batiste, and Scotch .
French neck, pearl buttons and silk facing; Drawers have Zephyr; some are buttoned in front, othere are <{M -7c:
silesia bands, sUspender straps and double seats, KC\ r buttoned >n the back, all are exceptional values, 4) 1. / *J
re duc C dfro,n7!caga™entto....... DUC La(jjes' PettJCOatS
DHtnin^ OliltS v Ladies' accordion plaited silk moreen petticoats, with
Ladies' light weight navy blue flannel bathing suits, perfect fitting yoke tops; some have a two inch ruffle,
perfect fitting and well made, trimmed with (PO f\f\ ? th , er s ha v« the Spanish flounce with three inch (£O QC
'white braid, excellent value for ........: CpO.UU tucked ruffles, reduced from $4.50 to vPO.Z U
Men's one piece skirt effect wool bathing suits in black Orip»nt£» 1 Pill A\A/C
with white stripes, reduced from $300 per suit (£Q AA v-M 1CH Ldl T 11IU Wi>
to ; :..... , <\>^.\J\J Sofa pillows 22 inches square, filled with white Java
\\T L C'll s ''k fl° ss anc * covered with beautifully colored oriental
WHS!! OlIKS striped tapestry; just the thing for the country, <j>1AA
A large variety of good designs and colorings.in corded, special at, 1 """ H^-^U
fo r c p a ed^ Leather Hand Bags
r->l IT* JLC a. C*11 Ladies' nine inch leather hand bags in the new oblonz '
l5 laCk 1 atteta OllK shape, with leather handles and inside pock=t; also
' A superior quality of "wear guaranteed" black taffeta 1!"^™^°* with nice Soft leather; s P edal $O ftf)
.silk, 26 inches wide; worth $1.25 per yard will QC^ vaiueat.^. .„. <jpA.\J\J
be sold this week for.. JJL D^SS SUl't CaSCS
LaCe KODeS • Leather cases with walrus finish
In order to make room for our fall importations in this. 22 inch for £-'92
department we have reduced , about one third, all lace 2 4 tt u ff"XA
robes with waists to match : 2& • J6.OO
Cream Escurial. Robes with handsome double flounces, Sole Leather CaSCS
reduced from $ 3 7-5o to j?25.00. The$e are weH made through , ut :
Cream Pt De Liere Robes with fourteen Inch ruffle leather:
beautifully appliqued in handsome designs, reduced from Size 22 Inch 18.00
J40. 00 to $27.50. „ % ;; •/•••;•/••«•*>
uSZSZJffiSSSJP* wlth dMp lace "^ reduccd . Real Alligator Bags
Back Silk Net Robes with taffeta applique, reduced Genuine Alligator skin Club bags with good patent
from $30.00 to $20.00/ catches and lined thoughout:
Black Grenadine Robes handsomely trimmed with fancy S !f e 5° lnc £ es $ r *>: f?*?S
ruffles, reduced from $35.00 to $25.00. -. R«??iJ •• •• Y.Y.Y.Y. '. '.$3.75
Black Chantilly Robes trimmed with liberty silk ribbon >" ' 14 •• " *. Y.'.'.'.'.Y. !$4*.25
and ruffles of black silk lace, reduced from $50.00 to $37.50. ¦ ;•':_-* : : >5 ; : .; '*•¦ " • • • $4.50
ADVEETISEHENTS.
And Cleanse the Scalp of Crusts,
Scales, and Dandruff by
Shampoos with
And light dressings with CUTICURA, purest of
emollients and greatest of skin cures. This
treatment at once stops falling hair, removes
crusts, scales, and dandruff, soothes Irritated,
itching surfaces, stimulates the hair follicles,
supplies the roots with energy and nourishment,
and makes the hair grow upon a sweet, whole,
some, healthy scalp when all else fails.
Millions of Women
USE CUTICURA SOAP, assisted by CUTICURA OINTMENT,
the great skin cure, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skxn, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and soothing
tea, rough, and sore "hands, for baby rashes, itchings, and cha£
hogs, in the form of baths for annoying irritations and inflamma-
tions, or too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes
for ulcerathre weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes
•which readily suggest themselves to women and mothers, and
for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. CUTICURA
SOAP combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin
soap, and the BEST toilet soap in the world* x
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, $1.
-x! f m Consisting of Ccncim a. Soap, 2Sc, to cJcanse the skin of crusts
/TtVTJ/m^T^f^ and (>cales » and soften the thickened cuticle; Ccticuka Oikt-
fll I ElljLl fl ka MEXT, 50c., to instantly allay Itching, inflammation, and Irritation,
\^T" and soothe and heal; and CcnctJRA. Kesoltemt Pills, 25c, to
_ .. e . g cool and cleanse tbe blood. A SnrGLR Set Is often sufficient to
The Set 9i« cure the most torturing, disfiguring, and humiliating akin, scalp,
S&d blood humours, with lose «f hair, when all else fails. Sold throughout the world.
British Depot: 17-23, Charterhouse Sq., Ix>ndot\. French Depot: 6 Kne de la Palx, Paris.
Pimm Deuo aitd Cuxm. Cokf., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A.
Crnccsi Rxsoxtkit Pill* (Chocolate Coated) are anew, taatelesa, odourless, economical
sabsttuite for the celcbratea riquid Ccticcra Regoltknt, n well n« for all other blood purifier*
•ad bnxaonr cores. Pat cc in screw-cap pocket vials, coatainine 00 doeee, price 26c.
I ' 312 the $20,000 -rt«y I
9 Bankrupt Sale at 39c on the Dollar Still Going On.
§ WILL OFFER MOKDAY KOBNING MOST ASTONISHING BARGAINS. [
Ea , .¦¦¦•' ¦'
3 J12.00 ETON.......... ..atS3.!>."5
H 115.00 "ETON.... ..at «.J>r>
a $17.50 BLOUSE .....at O.03
1 KUX) ETON......... ...::J.A?.F*T. S :. .....at S1.OS
I $7.50 ETON at 3.4,"»
H $10.00 SILK ETON ;..;. at". 4.05
i. $20.00 MOIRE COATS.......... ...............at 12.45
I r ~ *V ~ ' GOLF SKIRTS. %
a $2.50 IN GRAY ....at 75c
g $3.50 BROWN DOUBLE PLAID .at S1.05
B $5.00 CASTOR DOUBLE PLAID ..at 2.45
1 "¦ CAPES. . • .
Q J2.50 BLACK at 05c
Q $3.50 TAN ......:..;.. .....at 81.05
| $7.50 MILITARY. .: .....at 3.0Z
S THE PACIFIC CLOAK HOUSE,
§____ 1142-1 14&JWARICET STREET.
\ \\ m/k * 10UTH
¦ ' ' -¦ ' .•'¦•- . ¦ '. ¦
IN SAN FRANCISCO,
Wrinkles, Sagging Cheeks,
Double Chin, Flabby Neck,
Are Permanently Removed at the
NEW YORK INSTITUTE
OF DERMATOLOGY,
239 GEARY STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
Cairandsee the living proof in the
person of the old lady 71 years of age,
with the ' sagging corrected and • the
wrinkles removed from one side of her
face only, leaving the other side sagging
and wrinkled to show the contrast— one
side of her face showing the winning
freshness , of youth.^the other showing
the lines and furrows of ageV
You are invited to call and have a
talk witlrthe ; lady in charge and see the
demonstrator— Seeing is believing.
Allmarks and blemishes on. in or un-
der the skin permanently removed
without pain. .
; Consultation either in person or by
letter is free and strictly confidential.
Call or address New York Institute of
Dermatology, 239 Geary street. San
-Francisco. , ¦ t ,
.Sole -Pacific^ Coast- agents for DF
BEER'S SKIN .TONIC, a superior
remedy, for wrinkles: Price $1.00.' . . .PERSONALS.
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Powers and their daugh
ter. Miss Ellis, have arrived from Los Angeles
end are staying at the Hotel Stewart.
Lieutenants Maize and Grant of the Third
Cavalry were entertained last week by Miss
Nettie Sexton of 3118 Washington street and
the Misses Hadenfeldt of 1332 Page street.
Amor.g those present were: Miss Wanda
Hadenfeldt, Miss Kettle Sexton, Miss Joan
Hadf-nfeldt. Philip Schuyler, Lieutenant Grant
J. B. Selander,— 4-ieutenact Maize Mr. and
Mrs. Percy Lon* '
Mre. R. 1 ppert^hausen and her sister. Miss
Alice Mann, have gone to Capitola for the
tumir.er.
Mies Alyn Bolster has gone for an extended
trip to Capitola.
Arthur C. Bush. Alfred Eisenberg. George
and Lester Stienfelds lelt last week for Blue
Lakes.
Mrs. diaries Cellarl-jg and the Misses Aimee
end Else Cellarius are at present in New York.
en route bomev.ard after a two years' stay
hi Europe.
Mrs. Ralph A. Grovcr and daughter of Ban
Professor and Mme. Berlnser, Miss Gladys
Beringer and maid are trending .» few weeks
at Agua Caliente Springs.
Mrs. Harry S. Millzner ana son. Lionel R.
Mlllzner, are visiting Mrs. Millzner's parents
in Portland, Or.
Mrs. Ella Hotaiing: is in London as the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Watson (nee
S:>rec.kels>.
F. C. Hotaiing presented the Children's Hos
pital with a check of $1000 last waek.
Mrs. Benjamin Lata cf Portland, Oregon is
visiting the city and will be at home at 'the
Grenada the first Monday in July.
The Misses Mattle~and Tot Zobel have re
turned from Vacaville an<l will spend the rest
of their vacation at Ben Lomond.
Mrs. Malvyn Furst, Mrs. Leon Leszynsky
and Miss Hazel Leszynsky have left ¦for Agua
Caliente Springs, where they expect to re
main several weeks.
Mrs. J. M. Menell has left the city to meet
fcer son, Millard C. Menell, who has been vis
itinor friends in Shasta County.
Mra. S. L. Levy of Folsom is paying a visit
to hsr mother, Mrs. Oppenheim, at 433 Grove
itrcet. • ,
Mrs. Edmund Lauterbach will not have a
day at home.'
SISSON TAVERN: From San Francisco —
Mrs. H. P. Trear and maid, Mrs. J. Metcalfa
and family, Mrs. T. Cave, Mrs. Homer S.
King, Miss Genevieve King, Mrs. J. Parmentcr
Martin, Miss'E. M. Graham. Mre. M. Graham,
Miss N. Kershaw, Miss M. Kershaw, Mis.
James R. Black and maid, Mrs. C. H. Wilson,
Miss Marie L. Heppner, John A. Graack, W. H.
Cook. Charles A. Vogelsang, James B. Stet
son and wife, Mre. Woolley, Miss Marguerite
Doe, Jerome A. Anderson and family, W. J.
Walters and wife. From Oakland— rMrs". Calvert
Meade, Miss K. A, Ward, Mrs. T. G. Brown
eon. From Berkeley — E. M. Blake and wifo
Mrs. C. H. Blake, Martin L. Kellogg. From
Hawaii— Mrs. H. R. Bryant, Miss Green welL
Antonio avenue, Alameda, left Monday for
Southern California. They will be away for
a month, spending the time at Los Angeies,
Santa Ana, Laguna Beach and Newport.
Alter an absence of seventeen years Mrs
F. J. Back haa returned to Cincinnati, Ohio,
her old home, on a visit. She expects to spend
about three months with her relatives and
lrier.ds.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS: Mr. Jami
son and wife, Kate Walsh, Oakland; Mrs. G.
G. Halllday and child, Mrs. Pennycook, Valle
jo; L. Schmidt, Mrs. K. M. Brown, Elwood
Brown, George C. Brown, C. F. Smith, Mr.
end Mrs. R. Spreckels. Mrs. "C. A. Burnam.
Mrs. H. T. Glbbs. Robert Prouty, San Fran
cisco.
SARATOGA SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Miss Edith V. Levy, Clement B. Ander
son, Stephen H. Dillenbeck, Miss Lillian Mahn,
Lynden White. Mrs. Ralph H. Wood, Ephraim,
Dallam, Ernest Dallam, Miss Sallle Dallarn,
Mrs. Selby Oppenheimer, Bert Stemson, A. B.
Stell, Miss F. Reebe, Miss Wischler, Mrs. Jun
ker. C. Junker. William Chllds. H. Kroger,
F. Edwards. Mrs. Edwards. A. Johnson. Joseph
B' Tucker. F. M. Marron Jr., Henry Mehrtens,
Mrs. W. Rancke, Miss Henrietta Rancke, Mas
ter Edward Rancke, Miss Joanna Keefe, Mrs.
J. H. Mehrtens, J. J. Collins, Mrs. Dedrich
Dangers. Mlse Emma Dangers, Oscar Dan
gers ' Miss Louisa Gibbons, A. Ressler, C.
Ecker, L. B. Sabilick, A. S. Stevens, Mrs. F.
Frank, F Atzetrock, Mrs. F. Atzetroch, Mrs.
D. Mueller, Miss. D. Mueller. Miss L. Mueller,
J. F. Lunsmann, H. A. Lunsmann, Miss Annie
T Haley, Alice R. Power. From Fort Bragg
—^Charles Tyson. Albert F. Rodden, Mrs. Rod
deB^ From Oakland — I. L. Stevens. Roland An
derson. Miss Annie Anderson, Peter L. Danne
baum. Daisey Dannebaum.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — Thomas O. Mullford. A. A. Brown, G.
W. Harrison. J. Demming, Mrs. M. J. Johnson,
Max Solomon. Paul Reflisch, George Tyroll,
W. L'nd Nathan Fass, J. H. Green and wife,
M. • E. Folger. B. Mish. John Wills. C. A.
Bruns, Louis Marks, Harry Lewin, Joseph
Sommosen. C. G. Larsen, Mr. and Mra. Pollit
zer. Master Pollitzer, H. S. Ranson, David J.
Baird. P. Oppenheim and wife, S. Levi, A. B.
Johnson, J G. Burton, Mrs. A. S. Dunphy. J.
Dudley New, Mrs. J. K. O'Brien, Miss Mary
O'Brien, Mrs. C. J. Joseph. B. L. Marx, C. ?.
Hymen. J. H. Smith, H. Aldunate. H. Shol
ten. S. Stuart. From Oakland — George McDer
mott. F E Whitney, Charles Reier, Martin
Walsh. From Berkeley — M. S. Ayau. W. Gale
and wife, L. P. Nelson and wife. Mr. and Mrs.
Knock, Miss Alexander. Susanvllle; L. L.
Leith, Prescott, Ariz.; Mrs. L. A, Devin, Sac
ramento; J. II. Dennis. Chicago: L. P. Behrens,
Redwood City; Antonio Machado. Sacramento;
T. A. Woods. Tucson. Ariz.; Mrs. T. A. Woods
and children. Los Angeles; Mrs. E. P. Buck
ingham Paul Buckingham. Vacavllle: R.
Eisen, Kansas City. Mo.; Stewart P. Elliot.
rf?tockton; John Anderson, Modesto; William
Wilson, Livermore; Charles Wagner, Haw
thorne. Nev. : M. Layer, Redwood City; R. W.
Woodward. Miss Addle Woodward, Robert
Hanson. Fresno; Miss M. Foard. Alameda; C.
H. Merchant. Mrs. M. L. Merchant. Miss Lillie
Merchant, Oregon; Sheriff Veale. Martinez; W.
O. Clark. Amador County; H. O. Clark. Chico;
Mrs. Katie Perovich. Lucy Perovich, Jackson;
Miss A. Rlley. Sutter Creek; M. Aguayo, So
nora, Met; S. K. Taylor, Colorado; S. T.
James. Denver; M. R. Bates, Arizona; W. A.
White. Nevada.
SEIGLER SPRINGS: From San Francisco—
L. Sicgel, G. R. Tripp, Miss Deavon,- Jimmy
Britt Miss H. B. Fairweather, Judge S. Gar
ber, Mrs. E. A. Holmes. Captain Cowell. Cap
tain Leahy. H. Mulligan, W. C. McGregor,
James A. Fay. wife and family: Miss II. Fay,
Mrs. G. Koeifc Frank Lorey, Mrs. K. Shea,
Miss K. Shea, Miss K. Farrell, Mr. and Mrs.
Troyer, John Bowen, P. Covello, Miss M. Rob
erts, Charles Mitchell and family. H. A. Horn
lein. R. Fischbeck and wife, T. F. Boyle and
family, Mrs. E. E. Bchmitz, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Myers, Captain Hyatt, William Greenwald
and wife, Mrs. Geautit. Mrs. Wessling, Paul
RlcKer Dr. A. Stern, Dr. K. Pischell, Dr. M.
K. Fredrick, Dr. H. Fredrick, J. T. Sullivan
and family. P. Roncovieri. William Murray. P.
Doherty, F. Smith, Whitfleld Sullivan, Mrs.
N. Douglass, Mr?. E. J. Howard, Charles E.
Stone, Dr. Plymlre. wife and family; J. J.
Grefley. Rev. Mr. McGeough. A. Cavallo, Mrs.
J. Edwards, J. E. Dolan, James Hayden, L.
E. Fitch and wife, Mrs. G. Boldeman, Louis
Gallagher, Captain Kruger, C. M. Dufflcy, Mrs.
C. Lovcland, A. B. Truman, J. F. McCarthy,
Mrs. J. W. Roberts. From Oakland — Mrs. H.
Matthew, Miss Jean Sherry, L. J. Prlngle, F.
Durn, H. W. Braun. From BelmOnt— «Mra.
M. Hansen, Miss E. C. Murray. From Vallejo
— Miss Josie. Walsh, James Hanley. From
Sacramento — C. Rust. W. J. Donohue, C. Stud
aus. Captain Mitchell. Frank Stone, P. Smith,
Joseph Little, F. Grim, Frank Ames.
HOTEL LA HONDA: T. F. Crelghton and
wife. Mrs. Carl Dell, Miss Alma Deil, Ralph
DpII, Mrs. Gebhardt, Miss Hilda Gebhardt,
Miss Harriet Quinn, Charles A. Goe, George
C. Goe. T. J. O'Brien, Dr. Henry Barbat and
wife. William A. Jones. Lewis M. Bannan, J.
B. McXamara and wife, John F. Fitzhenry,
Thomas H. Nolan. Miss A. L. Rogers, Miss
M. G. Torpey, Mr. and Mrs. G. Fife, Miss
Beatrice Fife, Miss Violet Fife. Miss Gene
vieve Cavanaugh, Miss Hendrick-, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. George Renner, Miss Ger
trude Renner. Miss Grace Renner, Fred Ren
ner, Miss Adele Shepard. Alameda; K. A. Vin-
Ing, John Corker, Palo Alto; D. M. Delmas
and servant, Casa Delmas; Rev. C. S. Morse
and wife. Half moon Bay; Clarence Baker,
Santa Clara: Charles Simmins, San Jose.
BLUE LAKES: From San Francisco — W.
A. Sabin. Mrs. Godfrey Fisher, Miss Carolyn
Fisher. Miss Maud M. Fisher, Alfred Fisher,
Mrs. Phil Lippit, Miss Florence Lippit, Miss
May Lippit, Maurice Greenberg, Mrs. Milton
S. Eisner, Miss Helen Eisner, Dr. W. A. Meier
dierks. Dr. Henry Meyer, Miss M. Sullivan,
Major David S. Cahen. Ukiah— J. H. Laugh-
Hn. W. W. Forse. New York — Bernard T.
Shaw Ira Davis, Mike Shaugnessy, Mrs. Less
Prager, Miss Alice Prager, Mrs. Honigsberger.
Miss Te«sie Honigsberger. Master Daniel Hon
igsberger. Miss Waltheimer. Albert Rosenshine.
San Francisco — Palmer Howlett. Harry Cor
bett. Miss Hazel Corbett, Miss Kathcrine Cor
bett, Kidd Lewis, Mrs. Belle G. Levy, Misa
Heiea A. Prager, Miss Anette A. Levy, Alien
Spurr. Edwin C. Calef, Mrs. . T . F. Mooney, J.
E. Mooney, Miss Anna T. Haley, Miss Alice
R. Power. G. M. Brigsby, Mrs. E. Feldheim,
Miss L. Feldheim, Mrs. C. H. F. Berger,
Adolph Cohn and wife. Miss Gertrude M. Conn,
Miss Hazel D. Cohn, Charles E. Corey, W. C.
Hazelton, John P. Glynn, Mr. and Mrs. H.
Lindner, M. Schroeder, Mrs. S. Salomon, Miss
Irma C. Salomon, Miss Rita Sophie Salomon,
Miss Carrie Finda, Mrs. Emil Happersberger,
Miss Anita Happersberger, Mrs. A. H. Frank,
Miss Josephine Frank, Miss Fanchion Frank,
A. L. Stern, Edgar Stern, Mrs. A. L. Stern,
Miss E. T. Stern, Preston Morris. Charles E.
Gordon and wife, Edythe V. Leavey, J. S. An
drews and wife, L. Eugene Lee and wife, T.
Webster and wife, R. D. Dixon, Amy Anderson,
Henry Shaw. Dr. and Mrs. E. M. Short, Mlsa
Elizabeth Short, Mrs. Joseph Bock, Miss Rose
Bock, E. Lunstedt and wife, L. T. Frichette
and daughter, Nellie V. Frichette, E. Peterson,
J. J. Deane. Al Coney, John Herget, Mrs. M.
L. Davis, Stella Boas, Charles Boas, Woody
Coleman, Miss Gerstle, Mrs. Bertha G. Llllien
thal Jesse Lilllenthal. Miss Sarah S. Llllien
thal. Miss May S. Lillienthal. Arthur Lilllen
thal and Burr M. Weeden.
McLaughlin, Masters Lloyd and Stuart Hynes.
Randall Smith, Mr. and Mrs. P. Lillis and
family. 'j,
LAUREL DELL HOTEL: From San Fran
cisco—Mrs. E H. Kowalsky. Miss V. Kowal
sky. Miss Alice Kowalsky,- Harold Kowalsky,
J P Thorn. Miss Mischler. Mrs. Juncker, Miss
P. Laisy Mrs F. Reeb, R. H. Childs, Captain
S M. Thompson. J. M. Thompson, Charle3 L.
Licht, A. S. Lavenson and wife. Miss Helen
Lavcnson, Miss Mamie Voorsanger. Ray \ oar
sanger, Ellsan Voorsanger. Miss G. Fried
lander. Miss K Lichtensteln. Chicago — Wil
liam Schenck. Santa Rosa— D. J. Richards.
New York City— Miss E. C, Thursby, Mrs. I.
L. Thursby. Alameda— Mrs. B. N. Rowley,
R L Rowley. San Francisco— Miss Frances
M. Heinman, Mrs. Henry Hilp, Walter Hilp,
Harry Hilp, Selby C. Oppenheimer. Miss M.
Hufschmidt. Mrs. Frank Mettman. Dr. D. B.
Plynie C. Biunck, Palmer Hewlett. A. Green,
J. Green Mrs M. F. Leavy, Miss Louisa A.
Leavy, A. Friedman, Charles Wcllpert, Fred
Castle. Rev. Father Sampson.
There are no good dental schools in
South America.
Young Men's Christian Association-
Afternoon, "Steps in the Life of a Fast
Young Man," by Rev. C. H. Stevens.
Emanuel Evangelist Church— Morning
preaching by Rev. H. Cordes; evening
preaching by Rev. W. H. Althouse.
African Methodist • Episcopal Zion
Church— Morning preaching by the pas
tor; evening preaching by Rev. C. B. F.
Moore.
First Unitarian Church — Morning,
"Thoughts for the National Holiday."
Rev. Bradford Leavitt pastor.
First United Presbyterian Church-
Morning, "Fellowship and Peace"; even
ing, "Pre-eminent Power." Rev. H. H.
Bell pastor.
Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church— Morning, "The Better Way."
Rev. John A. B. Wilson pastor.
First Congregational Church— Morning,
"The Coming Kingdom"; evening, "Pull
ing Down and .Building Greater." Rev.
George C. Adams pastor.
Shattuck-avenue Methodist Episcopal
Church. Berkeley — Evening, "Our Ref
uge." Rev. F. C. Gale pastor.
Epworth Methodist Episcopal Church-
Morning, "Silencing Facts of Christian
ity." Rev. F. A. Keast pastor.
Simpson Memorial Church — Morning,
"Thunder an Angel, or the Voice of
God"; evening, "A Gateway and a Des
tination." Rev. John Stephens.
First Methodist Episcopal Church-
Morning, "The King's Question and His
People's Answer"; evening, "The Young
Woman as a Wife," by Miss Harriet
Fields.
Richmond Methodist Episcopal Church
—Evening, "The Lost Sheep."
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church—
Morning, "The Narrow Door"- evening,
"Is Alcohol a Food?" Rev. Milton D.
Buck pastor.
The Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan will
administer confirmation in the French
church at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
Rev. Father Hickey will preach the ser
mon at the 10:30 o'clock mass to-day In
St. Ignatius Church. Rev. Father Sasia
will preach in the evening after vespers.
To-day the feast of Saints Peter and
Paul will be celebrated An' : St. Mary's
(Paulist) Church with a solemn high
mass at 11 o'clock. Rev. Father Smith
will be celebrant, Rev. Father O'Keefe
deacon and Rev. Father McNichol sub
deacon. Rev. Father O'Keefe will preach
the sermon.
ARCHBISHOP BI0BDAN TO
CONFIRM LARGE CLASS
Thomas P. Woodward, one of San Francisco's
school directors, is staying with his family at
Rowardennan. Mr. Woodward acted as
"chaperone" for a party of young people at
Santa Cruz Thursday. They all declare that
he is a model chaperone.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Hammersmith. Mlsa Frieda
Ohland and Mrs, J. F. Cowdrey left Thursday
for their homes in San Francisco.
Captain and Mrs. A. S. Fleming, U. S. A.,
who are stationed at San Diego, have been
staying at Rowardennan for ten days.
About twenty-five guests from Rowardennan"
went over to Santa Cruz Thursday. The F.
M. Smiths of Oakland took over a four-in-hand
party. The Rochats. Mr3. Henry- Gray, the
H. K. Beldens and others went down and back
by train and Mr. and Mr3. W. H. Deming
drove down In their trap.
ROW ARDENNAN— Miss Pattee of Oakland
and Mrs. Henry A. Dubois and family of San
Rafaei are at Rowardennan.
HOTEL MATEO: From' San Francisco —
Mrs. B. Oppenheimer, E. Burns and wife, A.
Brown and wife. Mrs. Gunn, Miss Gunn, N. P..
Vallejo, Mrs. W. H. Morrow and daughter,
Mrs. Helen Fay and daughter, Mrs. O. Shack
elford, Mrs. E. F. Burnes. Mrs. W. M. Under
hill, A. H. Powers, Harold Brown, Mrs. Cutter,
Mrs. A. Cone, A. McAfee, A. W. Cutler and
wife, Mrs. Albert Wheeler, William R. Morton
and wife, Mr. and Mrs. W. L. Mpore, Mr. and
Mrs. C. L. AcRerman, T. G. Hughes, Charles
Loesch, E. W. Bennet and wife, W. Mackey,
J. W. Mullen, F. G. O'Kane, James Kendall
and wife, F. B. Pettes, J. M. Dooley. Lan
caster, Engr. — Mr. and Mrs. Moore. El Paso,
Texas — E. Kohler, wife and child. San Rafael
— Miss Foster, Miss L. F. Foster. Butte, Mont.
— Henry Muller, wife and son. England — W.
Alton, Mr. Alton. Boston — W. M/ Mullen. St.
Louis — A. H. Lewis. Chicago — Mrs. Ella F.
Kahn, Mrs. J. N. Strauss. Portland, Or. — Mrs.
L. F. Bloom. San Diego — Arthur Mason. Los
Angeles— T. P. Wilson.
CONGRESS SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— E. H. Elliott, A. Kramer and wife, W. M.
Griffin, M. O. Curry, E. G. Olsen, Mrs. G. H.
Kahn. Miss Paula Weil. Miss Marie Weil, Miss
Josephine Baer, Adolph Baer, E. C. Hlggins,
Mr. Prior Jr., A. Busch. Mrs. A. Busch, A. L.
Fisher, James Hansen, Mrs. M. L. Martin, Mrs.
O. Waltherton, Mrs. T. C. Talbot, G. W.
Young and wife, Mrs. W. S. Higginbotham,
Mrs. V. Luba; from San Jose— R. E. Gaine, P.
G. BaHey. Charles J. Fitts, P. J. Allen, J. W.
Chilton. L. A. Spitzer, A. L. Marsh. V. Bean,
H. H. Budge, Mrs. J. M. Murphy, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles D. Blaney, C. R. Farmer, Mrs.
Van Hagen, W. Hope, E. J. Elliott; from New
York — Miss L. Jetter, Miss Dimmick; from
Santa Clara — J.- M. McAllister, Miss A. Fisher;
from Philadelphia — L. Campiglia; from Milpi
tas — George Jetter; from Alviso — Teddy Kutz
han; from Chicago — W. Kenyon; from Knox
ville, Tenn. — John Greer; from Alameda — I.
Ehrenberg; from Portland — D. Dearborn; from
Oakland — J. Crevasted, A. W. Duck and wife;
from San Antonio — George Conner.
DUNCAN SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
M. Redmond, F. S. Chadbourne, Miss Eva
Dcutsch, William H. .Schumacher, G. J. Mc-
Cormick. W. N. Elfendahl, J. J. Fleming, Mrs.
William Jardine, Miss Dorothy Jardine, J. T.
Senecal, Mrs. Lindbei^, Thomas Wagner and
wife, Mrs. M. E. Moore, Miss Grace Whittle,
Miss Bessie Whittle, Edward Convey and wife,
L. A. Blasingame and wife, Charles E. Wil
son. Dr. W. A. Atwood and wife, Joseph
Meares, Mr. Shannon, Mrs. F. A. Banning,
Peter Connor, F. W. Lougee, Mrs. John Gad
dini. Miss Olive Gaddinl, Jay W. Adams and
family; from Ukiah— Mrs. H. L. Ives, JMiss G.
Roberts, J. N. Rea, J. M. Mannon, William
Held and daughters; from Petaluma — Frank L.
Stewart and wife, T. L. Jackson and wife;
from San Rafael — James W. Cochrane and
family; from Santa Rosa — Joseph Rottegstein;
from Fresno— R. T. Owen and wife. Miss Sa
die Owen, Mrs. M. J. Blasingame; from Oak
land — Malcolm Thomson, Mrs. Mahoney, Miss
Jessie Hornung; from Folsom — S. W. Clesby;
from Healdsburg— Mrs. F. G. Widlund, Miss
Hanna Widlund. Mrs. Emma W. Maland.
From Woodland — R. H. Beamer. From New
York — C. M. Washington. Arthur Smith, Wil
liam H. Stanton. From Sacramento — Bishop W.
H. Moreland, J. E. Tarry. From Charleston,
S. C. — Miss Moreland, Mrs. E. M. Moreland.
HOTEL EL MONTE: From San Francisco—
Mrs. B. Goldfish, Miss Goldfish, Mrs. I. L.
Conn, Mrs. E. Slatheson, Miss Lillie Borle,
Mrs. Kittie Lester B. Goldfish, Miss Marian
Lastan. Miss Maud Seclrde, Miss Flo Secirde,
B. W. Elliott, Mrs. G. Southerland and ton,
George Gray. Mrs. Louise Hammer. From
Oakland— B. D. Perkins. /
Says New National Spirit
Is Now Animating
Irishmen.
Volunteers Hold Patriotic
Exercisss in Metropolitan
Temple. t
Hundreds of prominent Irish-American
citizens gathered in Metropolitan Temple
last night to participate in the patrictic
celebration, which was given by the Irish
volunteers in anticipation of the time
when Ireland will be an independent na
tion. The stage in the temple was at
tractively decorated. Across the pros
cenium was stretched an immense Amer
ican flag, which was flanked on both sides
with many smaller flags, some of which
bore on their folds tho Irish harp, while
others were imprinted with the stars and
stripes. Beneath the banners flowers and
green shrubbery were arranged about"the
stage, while in the center was a repre
sentation of the Irish harp, made of blaz
ing lights and symbolizing the rekindling
of the Irish national spirit.
Rev. McDona delivered the ad
dress cSf the evening. The programme,
which consisted principally of stirring
Irish melodies, was well calculated to
carry the minds of those present back to
the days of '98 and other times wh.en the
Irish heroes gave their life blood for the
nation they loved.
THE RIGHT TO RULE.
T. J. Mellot acted as chairman of tfie
celebration and in opening the pro
gramme said that Irishmen were but do
ing their duty in celebrating "Ireland a
Nation." He said that the right to rule
came from the people and that the Irish
race had never given any one the right
to domineer over its people. In introduc
ing Father McDona he said that the
speaker was clothed In the garb of Fath
er Murphy of '98.
Father McDona spoke encouragingly of
Ireland's brightening prospects of once
again becoming a sovereign state. He,
said that the Irish people did not want
home rule, but that they desired absolute
independence. He spoke of the success
ful manner in which little Cuba had
coped with the power of mighty Spain
and described how the British lion had
been forced to cower before the little re
publics of South Africa. He said that the
Irish people would never again gain in
dependence by talking, but that the Irish
men of to-day would have to emulate the
heroism of their forefathers and draw
the sword. •
The speaker told how Ireland had been
passing through a dark night, during
which all her hopes of independence had
grown dim and her men had died of very
despair at the f orlornness of her cause.
DAWN IS BREAKING.
But he declared that the dawn of hope
and of a new -national spirit was Just
beginning to break in the East. Father
McDona's patriotic \ sentiments were
vigorously applauded.
The programme in full was as follows:
Overture, national airs of Ireland, Professor
P. W. d'Arcy; introductory, by chairman, T. J,
Mellott; Gaelic solos, (a) "The Minstrel Boy'*
(Og-Laoc na Rann), . (b) "The Green Above the
Red," George J. Lowe"; soprano solos, (a) "The
West's Awake," (b) "Erin Aruin," Miss Clare
Madden; barytone solos, (a) "Paddies Ever
more," (b) "Battle Eve of the Irish Brigade,"
M. Lawless; chorus,' (a) "The Wearin' of the
Green," (b) "The Boys of Wexford,'.' Gaelic
Choral Society, S. J. Sandy, leader; oration,
Rev. James McDona; soprano solos, (a)
"O'Donnell Aboo," ' (b) "The Risln' of the
Moon," Miss Daisy V. Keane; selections, Irish
melodies. Misses Frances, Loretta and Christina
Barr; barytone solos, {a) "The Memory of the
Dead," (b) VThe Cniiskeen Lawn," William
G. Judge; finale, "God Save Ireland," Gaelic
Choral Society, the audience joining In the
chorus.
YACHT UNCLE SAM WINS
THE -KAISER'S GOLD CUP
Kiel Regatta, Under Emperor Wil-
Ham's Patronage, Proves Most
Brilliant Yachting Event.
KIEL, June 28.— Emperor William has
made the Kiel regatta the most brilliant
yachting event in Europe this year. The
English yachtsmen agree that it sur
passes the Cowes meetings which have
occurred during the two years of the
South African war.
Under his Majesty's personal stimulus
one hundred racing craft were brought
together, a quarter of them being French,
British, Swedish, Danish and American
vessels. Most of them are small raters,
but ten or twelve are large vessels and
represent some of the best work of Brit
ish and American builders. Emperor Wil
liam's judicious distributions of the Invi
tations made the event distinctly interna
tional. Some twenty beautiful gold and
silver cups, the prizes in the regatta, are
set out on a table at the Yacht Club.
Nine of them are gifts of his Majesty,
the Empress and Prince Henry of Prus
sia.
His Majesty called on Mrs. Ogden Goe
let on the Nahma Thursday. She, follow
ing custom, first left her card on board
the imperial yacht Hohenzollern. Tho
Kmperor was jolly and chatty while on
Mrs. Goelefs yacht. He remarked that
he had been on board many yachts, but
the Nahma was the finest he had ever
seen. ¦ /
The Uncle Sam, owned by F. B. Riggs
of New York, won her second race at tho
regatta to-day and the Kaiser's gold cup,
beating the Mimosa of the Hamburg
Club by eleven seconds and the Hansa
of Lubeck by three minutes and thirty
five seconds. There were seven teen start
era and the. course was the sama as that
over which the Uncle Sam sailed 6. win
ning race last Thursday.
Continued From Page Twenty-Nine.
FATHER M'PONA
TALKS ON ERIN
SOCIETY'S OUTING
30
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -JUNE 29, 1902.
ADVESTISEMEMTS.
Pouimer-Eilers Music Go. Offer
Special Price inducements
— New Uprights and Slightly
Used Instruments at a Bar-
gain-Also a General Clear-
ing of Second-Hand Pianos
-Very Easy Terms of Pay-
ment-Visitors Cordially
Welcomed.
Any cne who is thinking of purchasing
a piano should make a visit to Pommer-
Eilers Music Co. at the earliest oppor-
tunity. This present week is a most fa-
vorable time to secure a thoroughly good
pia.no for a very little money. A number
cf enUrtly new uprights of the regular
styles will be offered at a heavy discount
to* close. Among them are pianos of great
beauty of tone and excellent case designs.
Also note that among the slightly used
tiar.es returned from renting are several
ii.£truments of the Kimball, Decker and
ether well known makes that would pass
ior now, which are offered at figures
usually demanded for much worn second-
hand pianos.
The leaders in the piano world to-day
are found among the ten great makes
bandied exclusively by Pommer-Eilers
liusic Co. Glance for a moment at the
Kimball. Decker, Hazelton, Lester, Crown
and other superb instruments. These
were all sold to private individuals by the
Tommer-Eilers Music Co. in large num-
bers and under the most economical con-
ditions. No one can afford to select a
piano without first Feeing the new up-
rights that Pommer-Eilers Music Co. of-
fer at $125, $145, $165, $175, $203, $225, $253,
t!75, $300 and upward.
Three handsome uprights of favorably
known New York makes, entirely new,
offered this week at $190. Compare them
•with $300 styles offered elsewhere.
In slightly used uprights see the Kim-
ball at J250. $3l»0 and upward; Chickerlng
upright $1^5; Decker upright $275; two
large, new mahogany fancy cased up-
i:ghts from a well known New York
maker. They are genuine musical value
and worthy of our recommendation,
bought at a sacrifice and offered at the
extraordinary price of $200.
Used uprights taken in exchange.
"Wcser upright $167, Singer upright $137,
Demorest upright $127, Draper upright
$145, Steck grand $200 and others. Very
handsome, large size, mahogany Crown
upright at the remarkable price of $205.
Kimball parlor grand in fine condition
$735. A special lot of new, attractive
pianos, all woods, greatest value in Sati
Francisco, at $145. Other bargains are
Whitney upright $178; Kimball upright,
burl walnut, $210; Kimball upright, large
tize, $290; Hinze, rosewood upright, $175;
Hazelton Bros., large upright, good as
rew, $3S5; Lester upright, $200; two fine
Chickering square?, $75 and $100. One
very line Emerson square, $85; twenty
second-hand square pianos at from $25 to
$75. Each will be put in good repair
throughout, and many others.
CHURCH and PARLOR ORGANS
Eemember, we are headquarters for
reed and pipe organs— chapel organs, large
and small; large two manual pipe organs
fcr churches and cathedrals; tiny folding
organs for missionaries and -camping
parties. Beautiful walnut and oak-cased
Kimbdl and other makes cf parlor or-
gans. See the fine new reed organs that
we are now selling at $5S— $8 down and $4
a month. Other styles, also brand new,
from $37 and $45 up to $118 for the fanciest
exhibition solid walnut cased parlor or-
gan ever shown in this city.
Visitors are cordially welcomed in our
salesrooms from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Groups cf piano customers will always be
lound upon our piano floors, but we "have
Euch ample facilities and such a large
corps of salesmen that we can sell a
dozen different instruments simultaneous-
ly without the least delay.
Easy Payments. Pianos may be
rscured bv small first payment, the
remainder in easy monthly install-
ments. No advance in price when
easv terms are desired. Pianos of
ail descriptions included in this offer.
J4u>fcrs at a distance should write for
epecial bargain list and also our schedule
of freight rates on pianos. We sJiip pianos
everywhere.
Inexpensive pianos bought from us may
be exchanged later toward the purchase
of a Kimball, Decker, Hazelton, Lester
2 r Crc »o n t 5l iano - K '?" w ' Pianos tp rent
from $3.50 upward.
Pommer-Eilers Music Go.
CS3 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL..
Other stores, Sacramento, Portland and
Spokane.
r^\ X^sr '-'¦ v^ttlLCS Bit,
| - m
t For hi!f a centery Creme de £
| Li^ his' created perfeet com- fe
\ piexions. It removes t=n, g:
• pimples, b'.otchcs, sun- [£>
'r.i burn and all oily cxacia- i|]
|? tions, leaving the skin soft |w
J ul velvety. g^|
$ ' It stimulates and feeds the Sp*j
'S skin, thus imparting theiieaUli- /M
' ful J*cw of eiriier years. \fa$
' Indorsed by dcrtnatologijsts.
¦ L % physicians and druggriets
; vUcrever it Is known. ifj
ii\j All Druggists, 50 c. m
f»» r °f us « prepaid, for Wa
Uj fiOc. Trial size, postpaid, tor Kli
m £. B. Marringion & Co. lj
, Los Angeles. CaL &fv
_ AJrrjSEMENTS.
Market Street, Near Eignth. Phono South 833.
MATINEB TO-DAY.T7777 10c. 13*. 23o
TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME.
The Thrilling Melodrama which Sensationalized
Greater New York, THE
recmn'To ruin.
ibices g;
TO-MORROW EY'flSKiff'L'r.TK:
EXTRA MATINEE JULY 4 (Friday).
Elaborate Production of the Greafc New York
Melodramatic Success,
OF THE
Romanes In th* Silver Mines of Maxlco.
THE DEADLY FLOWER. THE CAPTT
DErra Q S? J3RIDEI> - THET^WBLH
Se« the Great Cellar Bone on tha Banks •*
the River Thames, eto. °* a " **
EXTRA IvFATINEE
JULY 4_(Friday.)
Next^ "SUNSHINE- OF PARADISE ALLgT.*"
UNION COURSING PARK.
»0. 6BA0B, Jidgt; Jll J. 6RAC3, ffigpu
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - • » - JUNE 29
Well-Matched
Racing Hounds
Classified Stakes.
SPECIAL TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Thlrfl ahd. Townsond, «ta^ lOitM
*. m., H a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. «. Twaatyw
fifth and Valencia sta., flva mlnutea later. Rs*
turning at 4:43 p. m. and after the last eours*.
San Matto ' electric* cam every fire, miaatsa,
ADMISSION. 230. LAPIE3 FRBg. '.>*-'
a CHUTES!
MODERN VAIDEVILLE EVERY AHERNOO.H
AND EVENING.
KELLY AND VIOLETTE; • CARROL&
BROTHERS: HILL AND WHITAXERi
TWIN SISTERS MEREDITH; TWO LIT-
TLE PUCKS; MURPHY AND SLATER;
WEBBER AND ELLIOTT, ANI> 'NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
Dally and Nightly 1 Dont Fall to Bea
Hardy Downing Loop the Loop
GRAND FIREWORKS FOURTH OB 1 JULY!
Admission 10c Children..... &«
Phone for. Seats — Park 23.
T)rAnnCk Desirable location.
i UlUVV ¦ tmsurpassed cuisine,
an equaled ser-
nriA and modern
ulIU conveniences are the
attributes that; have
(iron A made these two ho-
VII d 11 U tels popular with
tourists and travel-
Hotels ¦'&-& *" *"
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
AGAIN A TREMENDOUS HIT!
"AND THAT IS NO FAIRY TALE."
THE
EYE,!
Smith & Herbert's Greatest Creation.
If You Wish a Splendid Evening's Entertain-
ment, See Our Famous Company
in This Perfect Comic Opera.
HARTMAN MYERS, GRAHAM. CUNNING-
HAM WEBB CASHMAN, PAGE, THE
ONLY FINE CHORUS OF 25 PRET-
TY GIRLS and STERLING MALE
SINGER?, TOGETHER WITH
STEINDORF'S MAGNIF-
ICENT ORCHESTRA.
SCENERY AND MOUNTING UNSURPASSED
THE LATEST TOPICAL HITS.
A WORLD OF MIRTH AND MUSIC.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75o.
Telephone Bush 9.
FiSChe/'S Theater.
FAREWELL T" LAST
TO TWO
"FIDDLE DEB DEB" | TIM ES
AND AT LAST A CHANGE OF BILL.
Commencing MONDAY, June 30. Special
matinee on July 4. First presentation of
"POUSSE CAFE."
The second of Weber & Field's series of de-
lightful burlesques. And their two funniest
travesties, —
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA"
AND
"A ROYAL FAMILY." ,
A Charmlns Combination of Fun and Fancy.
Presented by the superb cast, including:
KOLB, DILL, BERNARD, BLAKE, HERM-
SEN, DE FORREST, AMBER, VIDOT, etc.,
etc.
And our beautiful chorus of 80.
EVERYTHING NEW— Scenery, Costumes,
Specialties, Novel Surprises.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
Box office- open to-day from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
Curtain rises evenings at 8:15, matinees at 2.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY in Arthur W. Pin-
ero's four-act comedy,
THE GAY LORD QUEX
After Its run of « 400 nights in London.
July 7— HENRY MILLER, 'MARGARET
ANGLIN AND COMPANY IN
THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA.
/ '¦
TO=NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES JULY 4TH AND SATURDAY.
FLORENCE BO BERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belasco's Great Play,
Seats- now, selling for all this and next week,
'- In Preparation— "AS YOU, LIKE IT."
AMUSEMENTS.
S Week Commencing THIS AFTER- S
g NOON. June 29. g
¦¦ ¦-¦ .1-- r.. .-1 - •-, •-. j-i ..-. .'.«-. . ¦«-. i- — ~ ¦¦
3" SPECIAL MATINEE^ FOURTH OP S
g jui/r. n
i .Tiie^iiwSmBiLLTT I
n w^^^w^, —^^^^^^^ n
¦ America's Greatest Irish Comedians. B
¦ The Russell Brothers 1
I and Company, I
H Presenting "A ROMANCE OF NEW §
S3 JERSEY." Q
B B
B "The Man Who Set tho World B
Q . A-Slnsing," EJ
S James Jbornton, g
B Blnser, Sophist and Satirist. BJ
g Harry Leila |
S Lin'ton and Mclntyre, I
¦* The Chattering Chums. Q
| A very and Hart, |
m Celebrated Colored Comedians. 5
a ~ g
S Mr. and Mrs. Waterous, g
O Society Vocalists. 0
fl jg B
I Dave Lewis, §
m German Comedian. .'¦ H
g Sisson and Stewart, |
O The Noted Comediennes. n
| The Biograph, I
§5 Showing the Latest Novelties. ?
Q LAST WEEK OF Q
g Hallen and Fuller, |
fl In Their Hilarious Skit, : "A CESPER- an
Q ATE PAIR." **
BJ "^ -~- — *¦ -— -*•- — — — , ~. ->_ .I -«_, ii -!,_,¦ IB
*™ Parquet, any seat. 25o; Balcony, 10o: B
a Children, 10c, any part except reserved I
Q A few front Orchestra rows, reserved, w
q 60c • front tows of Balcony, reserved. S
B Oc - .. g
BBCBBBHHBBBPaBBHBBBBBH
TU-NIGHT M athiee Saturday,
e -,* 2«r» Thursday Matinee.
S:1S SHARP. Special Matinee July 4.
Tha Eminent, Actor,
MR. FREDERICK
WARDE
Supported by tha strongest company ever
organized for the classics and romantic drama.
Presenting an elaborat« scenic production, at
"FRANCESCA
DA
RIMINI."
Free list suspended during WARBE season.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
SPECIAL \ HOLIDAY MATINEEL Fridir
July 4. '
MAUDE FEALY
AND
EDWARD MORGAN
In a Grand Scenic and Electrical Production of
Goethe's Immortal Play,
"R /VU ST."
MAUDE FEALY as MARGUERITE
MORGAN as MEPHISTO
POPULAR PRICES-lOc. 13c. 23c. COc, 75c.
, Godd orchestra seats all matinees. 25q
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 &-
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:80 p m
.ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, 6c
Bathing. Including admission, 25<s; children. 20c.
RPTTQU17Q FOR SA RBERS. BA-
iJliU OXIIjO ker ". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper*
haniters. printers, painters, ', shoe factories
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners. . tailors, eto. .
• UiJCtU.iH^ tiKOS.,
Crush Manufacturers, 609 Sacrdmonto St
--•¦"¦¦.•¦ - ;. ¦ •¦¦: v • ¦ . :..¦¦.- . ¦ .-.- _ . ; . - __¦- : - / • n
'¦¦io6Dll"Ani)ll3l U8SF3IC8 dll8 DSB I
¦;.;• The most astounding sale that ever has taken place in San Fran- g
, cisco.Superior quality garments to be closed out at a
LESS THAN ONE-HALF PRICE. 8
Styles—this season's productions. NO DISAPPOINTMENT. Bar- §
gains in EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD. WE MEAN EXACTLY g
WHAT WE ADVERTISE. g
To-morrow, MONDAY, at 9 a. m., and following days this week, g
TAILOR SUITS. JACKETS AND . |
$7.50 SUITS to be closed out at ,.$2.9:5 LONG COATS ' H
$8.50 SUITS to close at $3.95 \*\Ji\ 1 O, a
$10.00 SUITS to close at .....?4.95 $10.00 and $12.50 VELVET AND CORDU- d
$12.00 and $15.00 SUITS to close at ....$6.95 ROY BLOUSES to close at $3.05 ¦
$17.50 to close at $8.45 $6.00 CHEVIOT ETON AND BLOUSES at §
$2000 NOVELTY SUITS go at $10.95 • • $3.95 B
$ 2? .oo NOVELTY SUITS to close at.. .....$12.05 $7-50 TRIMMED CHEVIOT BLOUSE at $4.95 B
$27 so and $3000 NOVELTY SUITS, silk-lined $12.00 TRIMMED * JACKETS at $5.95 ¦
• or with silk drop skirts, at.. ....$14.95 $15.00 NOVELTY BROADCLOTH BLOUSES _ n
SKIRTS. SKIRTS. ' $s. 5o satin-lined kersey jackets 2
$2.50 SKIRTS, gray, blue, black, at .......95c $4.95 g
$350 ALL-WOOL HOMESPUN SKIRTS at $17-50 55-inch MOIRE COATS at.... ..$7.45 ?
." $1.45 $ ia0 o PEAU DE SOIE ETONS at ....$6.45 ¦
$3.50 BLACK CAMEL'S HAIR, trimmed.... $1.95 $2.50 CHEVIOT CAPES at... 95c §
$4.00 BLACK VENETIAN SKIRTS, trimmed $5.00 FANCY TRIMMED CAPES at $1.95 ¦
• $2.45 $7S0 CLOTH CAPES at $3.95 5
$5.00 ALL-WOOL GOLFING SKIRTS, plaid ._ $3.50 SILK MOREEN PETTICOATS at.... $1.45 B
back .......................... ..^........^ • $5.00 SILK MOREEN PETTICOATS at.. ..$2.45 g
$3.50 HAIR-STRIPED FLOUNCE SKIRTS^ CHILD'S ALL-WOOL DRESSES $1.95 3
$5.00* siLK'wAISTs"it.''.\'.'.'-.''.f 1.45 and $1.95 f °° CHILD'S ALL-WOOL DRESSES.... $2.45 g
PIQUE SKIRTS, plain and trimmed, value f™° CHILD'S DRESSES at $3.45 g
$100 $150 and $2.50, to close at.....*.... $10.00 and $12.50 CHILD'S SUITS at $5.95 ¦
I."...'.?... 35c. 45c and 75c SILK PETTICOATS at $2.95 and $3.95 g
NO GOODS EXCHANGED OR TAKEN BACK DURING THIS SALE. g
1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. g
...^..¦¦¦¦¦¦MHilHamtfBHIBfllHBBBBHHHHIIHHailHBIIBBHHBBn.... _. *?
WEAK> Elk ill WE® RkH' Cured -^ w ' c
WASTING, i%Jf I JP^ i^fl! You Sleep*
STRICTURED 1 W i IBS i % IN 15 DAYS
"Gran-Solvent" the Wonder of the Century.
,r**5l*«is» €Z 4-«*2 s*r4- + «+*>,+, Dissolved Like Snow Beneath the
L. S^SM- ? u ?« ? '? W A The Tension
/^ fe*^iPr s Instantl y Relieved.
K m&W- 20,468— CURES LAST YEAR— 20,468 .
f\ :*r ajffi \\ T r± «\\r 71/1 tM Are Restored by the Magic
l^r*<2L. W C&K IVlSll st - Ja mes Treatment, Ap-
T T 5??£5 * Wia plied Locally and Directly;
\/ o <f*ryf^svrs\ s^&Qvs&fo Accumulation of Blood in the
V cfiTICGCCl© Veins, lae to a torpid, diseased Prostate Gland.
, , x . ,. Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate and renews
vigorous circulation, which expels impure blood and restores healthy tissue.
¦^cyr^^j ¦ ' |J -' ' '—¦ — :' lj ' * '.j_! ' ii _'_l l l.jL ' i /_/_{, it • i i<i '¦-'-t.-gfeA-j
GhowJng diameter vf the St. James Crayons, Preparea in T«riou« lengths tosult th« Patient's condition,
are inserted into tha Urethral canal upon retiring at night, slip into position without the slightest effort!
requiring three hoars to dissolve.
: . s ? GRAN-SOLVENT". Acts Uko a Mild Electric Current, impart-
ing vim and snap to the entire body. No vile, stimulating drugs to ruin the
stomach and digestive system, but a direct and positive application to the
Entire UTethral Tract, Reducing Enlarged Prostate Gland and Strengthening
the Ducts, Forever Stopping Drains.
Writo To- Day.. Do Not Delay. ||i."— -^,^ j.n f ,„ ,| f jni..i..:..mLii.ii M
c^rW^T/le^ler^Si^n/^ 1 TREAT I E COUPON.
ness is invited to cut out the coupon herewith, B QT IAUPC UPftlPAl AlinPtATIfiH
write his name and address plainly, mail it to H oli JnmtC WlLUIuAL AOOUUIA I IUM,
the St. James Medical Assn., 250 St. James r 25O St. Jnmes IJltlj?., CINCIN-
Bldsr.. Cincinnati, O.. and they will send their |§ NATI.-O. f
Em Kunie
HOME TREATMENT I ' ?
Uy nirtll can 1>e uncd by the Patient m i .
nn i dnccenslnllf an by onrscives. H Address
We Have CURED MEX In Every City H \
in the U. S. and Almost Every H • -
Country on Earth. fliimni %mw^^^jtum^jumuimmiti«n.'^^iMmn^L!rr!K%
ST .JAMES MEDICAL ASSN., CINCINNATI, 0,The Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
of $206,951, consisting: of $3163 in Mexican dol
lars, $930 in gold coin, $102,653 in silver bullion
for Hongkong, $2875 in gold yen/ $175 ' in . silver
yea and $10,370 in currency for Yokohama 'and
Exchange and Bullion.
WASHINGTON. ; June 28.— To-day's state
ment : of the Treasury shows : . 'Available cash
balance, $206,185,018; gold, $102, 165, 117.^
Condition of -the Treasury.
NEW YORK, June 28.— The cotton market
opened barely steady in tone with prices un
chatgfd'to 2 points lower and closed slightly
higher. • . * /
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
28,215 barrels; .exports, 20,037 barrels. Held
steady and moderately active. Winter pat
ents, $4@4 10; do straights, $3 75@3 85; do
extras, %'i 15©3 35; do low grades, $2 95<3»3 15;
Minnesota, patents, $3 40@4 15; do bakers,
$3 15@3 30.
WHEAT — Receipts, none. Spot, firm. No.
2 red, 79%c elevator; No. 2 red, 80%@Sl%c
f, a b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 81%o
f. o. b. afloat; NO. 1 hard Manitoba, 84%c
f. o. b. afloat. ' There was a strorg opening
in wheat and general activity on higher Paris
cables, a strong corn and oats market and
rains In harvesting districts. Later it yielded
to realizing, but again firmed up on predictions
of further, rains. . Near the close it eased oil
again through realizing, and was finally but
%c net higher. July, 79%@79%c, closed 79%c;
September, 77%@77%c, closed 77%c; Decem
ber, 78%@78%c- closed 78%C.
HOPS — Strong. State common : to choice,
1901 crop, 20@24c: 1900, -16c; olds, 0@9c; Pa
cific Coast. 1901, 19@23c; 1900, I60; olds, 6©9c.
HIDES — Steady. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
19c. - - - .- ¦
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece, 26#30e. ¦
SUGAR — Dull. Fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal, 06 test, 8>/ic. • Molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, dull; No. 6, 4.10c; No. 7, 4c; No. 8,
8.90c;. No. 9, 3.86c; No. 10, 8.80c; No.\ 11,
3.75c; No. 12 , 8.70c; No. 13, 3.70c; No. 3 14.
3.70c; Confectioner*' A, 4.40c; mold A, 6c;' cut
LIVERPOOL/ June 28 — Wheat in Paris
steady; flour In Paris, steady; weather in
England, fln« and warm. . -¦> ' . _ ¦ -
LONDON, June 28.— Silver, 24 5-16d; French
rentes,- lOlf 60c; Indian shipments- wheat to
U. K., 59,000; Indian - shipments wheat to
Continent, 2000. ¦ °
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 28.—WHEAT—Unchanged
blue stem.-65%c; club, 64%c. • ,'
PORTLAND, June 28.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 66c; valley, 66%.@07c; blue stem, 67®
68c. .
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market
Washington Crop Bulletin
The Governor yesterday declared Saturday,
July E, a legal holiday. This, of course,
doses business all over the State on Friday
end Saturday. Most of the wholesale merchants
of San Francisco had already signed an agree
ment to remain closed on the Oth.
July Fifth a Holiday.
SPOKANE, June 28.— Clearings, $233 750
balances, $79,292.
PORTLAND, June 28.— Clearings, $329 530
balances, $60,822. . '
TACOMA. June 28. — Clearings, $199,243: bal
ances, $29,018. , .
SEATTLE. June 28. — Clearings, $638,309
balances, $127,649. •_ '
Northern Business;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «®7c for Steers and 5@6c p«r lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small, 8@9c per lh.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7%©3%c; Ewes, T©8o
per lb.
LAMB — Sprjpg Lambs, fli?9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%©;9%e per lb.
' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle :
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3%®4c; EWes,- 3%©3%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 60@2 75 per
head, or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings
3%@4o per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6Hc
200 lbs "and over, 6®0%c; \ feeders. 6@S)4c;
sows, 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent ofr
and stags 40 per cent off from tha above quo
tations. .
. General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. «%c: San Quentin. 5.53c;
Wool Bags, S2@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $8; Seattle, $0 60; Bryant. $B 50-
Ttoslyn. $7; C.oos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $3; Wall
send, $« 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50*
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and ,$13 25 In sacks -
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, — ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Cok«, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain ! descriptions, • $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $5 50
per ton, according to brand.
OILS — California Castor Oil in cases. No 1
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled*
73c; raw. 71c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 03-
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pureNeats
foot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c J Sperm pure
65c; Whale OH, natural white, 40@3Oc per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c-
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl OH, in cases. 20c; Astral 2Oc-
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene
22c; .deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk, 14%'c- in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk 20c* iu
cases, 26%c. "
TURPENTINE — 660 per gallon In cues and
60c in drums and Iron , barrels.
BED AND WHITE LEAD^-Red Lead. : e©
DRESSED MEATS.
The' market continues well supplied, dull and
featureless.
San Francisco Meat Market.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Exports of specie
from this port to all countries for this week
aggregate $180,600 silver and $2000 gold "~
The imports of specie were $18,898 gold and
$13,458 silver, a
The Imports of dry goods and merchandise
were valued at $10,169,248.
Exports and Imports.
? Lead was steady, 4%c. Spelter was dull at
5c. Iron held steady, but quiet, locally at un
char.gea prices.
NEW YORK. June 28.— To-day's metalmar
kets were quiet In all departments. ' Tin closed
the week at 28@28% for spot, and oopper
closed at the following prices: Standard SDot
to August, $11 87%@11 82%; lake spot, Sll 87%
@12 25; electrolytic, $11 $K>@12 05; casting*
$11 8t>(£$12.
New York Metal Market.
Throughout the past week California Poultry
was in liberal supply, and . easy and the end of
the week found the market dull. .Fine large
your.g stock alone was fairly steady, b«t every
thing else dragged. ' One or probably two cars
will be In to-morrow, from the West.
Hare and Rabbits are coming In right along
and sell promptly.
:•:-' POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12%@13c for Gob
blers and 12%@13c for Hens; Geese,' per pair/
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25; Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and
$•'5 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $3 50<§>4 50; young
Roosters, $5@6; old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers,
$:{ 50@4 60; Broilers, $2 75@3 60 for large and
$2@2 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 75 per dozen for
old and $1 50 for Squabs. -
GAME— Hare, $1 25 > per dozen; Rabbits,
$1 50 for Cottontails and 75c@$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese, and Eggs. -
Eggs are quoted lower again, and" dealers
continue to complain of the ; extreme I dullness
In trade' In consequence of the midsummer
ftxodus of people into the country.: -. The re
tailers say that their business" has been re
maikably reduced from this cause during the
past few days. .This week promises to be even
duller, as the wholesale stores will ¦ not open
on- Friday and Saturday.x,
Sutter and Cheese remain as before. Both
are in liberal supply and dull. ..
Receipts were • 30,700 pounds, 37 cubes and
2 kegs of Butter, lbs of , Eastern Butter,
1003 cases of, Eggs,, cases of , Eastern
Eggs, 3450 pounds of ¦ California : Cheese and
8080 pounds of Eastern Cheese. . • . ¦ ¦
¦ BUTTER — Creamery, f 20@21c per pound for
fancy, lOM-c for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy 18©19%c; store .'Butter, . • 1C@1So .per
pound. ¦¦ ¦ ' - '
CHEESE — New, 0<@lOc;.oId, nominal ;' Young
America, 10010 %c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb. —
EGGS— Ranch, 18c for fancy, - 17@17%c
for good and : 16%c for fair; 'store, 15@16%o per
dozen; Eastern Egg3, ' 16% c for seconds..
Poultry and Game.
35c per box; Bay, cr>@85c per large box: Garlic.
2@2%c for new; Chile Peppers, 10c; Bell, 15®
20c; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8<7B10c; Sum
mer Squash, 40@G0c for small boxes and $1©
1 25 for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20. .
Cheap grades of new Potatoes did better, as
receipts were light, and there was some buying
for shipment north on to-morrow's steamer.
Fancy grades of white were in light supply and
cleaned up readily. Early Rose and Garnet
Chiles were strong at firmer prices. Old Bur
banks continued dull and Unchanged.
New Onions continued to sell well at steady
'prices, but old were easier.'
Offerings of Vegetables were liberal and
prices for most descriptions .were lower. The
Vacaville train, with supplies of Green Corn
and Tomatoes, was late again and prices for
these descriptions were high in the morning.
Green Peppers were lower under more liberal
supplies. Green Okra was offering freely and
weaker at 3ii<3>40c per lb.
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 70@75c in
boxes and sacks; Burbanks, GOc@$l 50; Garnet
Chiles, lc per-lb; old Burbanks, 50@75c.
ONIONS— Australian, $160 second hands;
new Red, 55@C5c per sack; Yellow, $1@1 05 per
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, from Vacaville
$1@1 50 per sack; bay Corn, $2@2 25 in sacks
and $2 5003 in crates; Asparagus, 75c@$2 25
per box; Rhubarb, 50@$oc per box; Green Peas,
$1@1 50 per sack for common -and 2@3c per lb
for Garden; String Beans, 2@3c per lb and 2@
3%c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 2%@3%c per lb;
Cabbage-, 00c@$l per ctl; California Tomatoes,
75c@$l per box or crate; large boxes from the
river, $2 25@2 50; Mississippi,. 75c@$l- per
crate; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Carrots,
$1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville, 25®
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables,
HOPS— 12%@14c for fair and 13@17%c per lb
for good to choice. Contracts for 1902 crop
are being drawn at l!Vf?lCc.
WOOL-^Spring, Humboldt and Mendocino.
16@18c; Northern free. 14@lCc; do. defective,
13@14c;. Middle County free, 13@I5c; do, de
fective. 12@13c; Southern. 12 months. 0310c;
do, 7 months, 9®llc; Foothill. Il@l3c; • Ne
vada, 12® 15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. - Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calt.
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip. ll®13c; Dry Calf, 16@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20®
30c each; short wool, 40<@60c each; medium,
M®75c; long wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry," $1 75 for large,' $1 50 for medium,
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 73c; large and smooth,
50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
Hops rule very firm 'at the advance already
noted. Hides and Wool continue to move oil
briskly at steady to firm prices.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Loans, $893,871,800; Increase, $4,856,700. De
posits, $995,829,400; increase, $4,876,000. Cir
culation, $31,456,000; increase, $105,900.
Legal tenders, $78,301,200; increase, $l,697,5Oo!
Specie, $173,634,500; Increase, $341,800; Re
serve, $251,935,700; increase, $2,038,300 Re
serve required, $238,957,350; increase, $1 219 -
200; Surplus, $12,978,350; increase, $820,100 '
NE\f YORK, June 28.— The weekly state
ment of the averages of the Associated iianks
shows: ¦ ¦
Associated Banks' Statement.
2 ¦¦ fc 3 2 o <
nil I If |i;i
STATION* || |I £ ?* gSg?
Chlco 92 63 .00 Clear *T 7.
Cloverdale 1*5 Cl
Colusa. 93 72 .00 Clear N High
Eureka GO 52 .00 Clear NW -10
Fresno 9C 02 .00 Clear NW Lt
Hanfcrd 9S til .00 Clear ....V..
Hollister 87 45 .00 Clear W
Independence -.88 64 .00 Clear N Lt
King City 94 41 .00 Clear
Uvermore 94 '49 .00 Clear
to* Angeles 74 68 .00 Clear W 8
Merced 9C 51 .00 Clear NW ..
ICtpa. 02 :.3 .09 Clear S ..
Newman 68 69 .00 Clear N '-"..•
Palermo «5 53 .00 Clear N - ..
FortervUle 98 Cl .013 Clear
Red Bluff 64 .. .00 Clear N 10
Riverside S2 57 ... Clear
eacramento .... 82 62 .00 Clear
San Diego 04 68 .09 Pt Cldy S 10
6an Francisco... 70 C4 .00 Clear W 24
Ban Jose ....... 6*5 46 .00 Clear
6. L. Obispo.... 78 46 .00 Clear S 6
Canta Rosa &6 66 .00 Clear ,
Stockton 90 00 .00 Clear
Willows 94 64 ,O0 Clear N High
Hollister — Harvest progressing; wheat light,
lierley medium.
Napa— Grapes promise a large crop.
Willows — Wheat damaged to some extent.
Livermore — Wheat harvesting will begin
ffuly 4.
Palermo— Prunes beginning to drop.
King City — Grain ripening Xast. will all be
reedy for harvest soon.
Porterville — Ideal weather for oranges; largo
crinre crop assured.
Coluea — Grain and fruit doing very well;
heavy norther blowing out some grain.
Uanford — Fruit crop doing well and ripen
ing rapidly. Grain g-ood. -Pasturage poor.
Newman — Hot north wind.
Merced — Sweet potatoes doing well.
Cloverdal* — Grasshoppers appeared on east
Vide of Russian River, damaging young vines
And corn.
Eanta Rosa — Continued warm weather. Fruit
maturing rapidly.
StocktCa — Fruits end vegetables all show up
to estimated crop. Grain arrives dally.
Ean Jose — Fruit crop doing nicely; excellent
quality.
A. G. MeADIB, Forecast Official.
Beans continue very dull. There is nothing
doing in Seeds. Prices for everythins remain
the same. .
BEANS — Bsyos, $3@3 05; small White, $2 35
@2 50; large White, $2 35@2 45; Pea, $3 25®
3 60; Pink, $2 05<g!2 20; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$6; Llmas, $3 50@3 73; Red Kidneys, $3 500
3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, $2 5<XQ2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25<8;3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry, 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS — Niles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
®1 C5; Blackeye, $1 7u©2.
Beans and Seeds.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 28. — CATTLE Re
ceipts, 350; steady. Natives, $5@5 25; cows
and heifers. $5 75@6 50; veals, $3 50@6; stock
ers and feeders, $2 25@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 4300; steady. Light and
light mixed, $7 42%@7 65; medium and heavy
$7 45<gi7 80; pigs, $4 25@6 75. ueavy,
SHEEP— Receipts, 12; steady. Top spring
lambs, $6 60.
ST. JOSEPH.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Prices of stocks have been lower this week,
with some recovery. The conspicuous feature
of the market has been its dullness. The event
of the week, however, was the announcement
of the dangerou**tllne£s of the King of Eng
land. Tbe elaborate ceremonies in preparation
for the coronation and the sum total of dis
appointment Involved In the postponement gave
the event a sensational character that magni
fied its effect out of proportion to its real
pewer to Influence political or financial affairs.
There is a serious element of loss involved to
the business world of London, and there was
in addition a large speculative commitment on
the hope of trade revival as a result of the
ending of the war in South Africa, which might
ba forced into liquidation should the depress
ing effect of the King's illness check the ex
pected trade revival. There was therefore'
considerable pressure pf American securities for.
London account on tlie New York market. The
London market is heavily Indebted to Paris and
Berlin, and the rate of exchange ran up to
within a shade of the gold export point. Had
it not been for renewed selling by New York
of loan bills in the exchange market it is prob
able that gold would have been exported this
week. The course of the exchange market was
a factor In checking stock market activity.
The improvement in the condition of King Ed
ward and London holidays has relieved the
New York market. Last week's loan expansion
and syndicate requirements left our money
market in no condition to support an active
speculation In any event. The end of the
half-year and the preparations to be made for
dividend and interest disbursements in excess
of any precedent emphasized the need of "a
cautious policy. The market gave evidence of
the guardianship of powerful protectors, never
theless, in the occasional advance of special
stocks, notably the Gould group, St. Paul and
Reading. The drawing out of the coal strike
and the possibility of its early expansion
among the goft-coal miners has been Ignored.
The May reports of the anthracite carrying
roads offer the first opportunity to estimate
the losses involved in the paralysis of the Coal
trade, but the large declines in earnings were
without apparent effect upon the stocks of the
railroads. Some effect has been produced upon
sentiment by signs of discontent In any de
partments of the labor world, but this has
found little active result in the stock market.
The conviction in the financial district Is that
the prosperity of the country Is on the whole
stilt well maintained. The sustained high
level of railroad earnings at average increases
over last year, the volume of bank clearings,
especially outside the speculative centers, and
the extraordinary activity of the Iron trade
are taken as corroborative evidence of this.
Confidence is general that the year's crops will
be large, notwithstanding the reports of un
seasonable weather for corn and for wheat
crops. There remains some misgiving regard-
Ing the course of the money market during the
fall, when the demand for currency and the
maturing of foreign loans may converge upon
New York. There Is a notable neglect of the'
industrial stocks as a class, with United States
fiteel as a leader. The heavy and neglected
tone of \ these stocks is attributed to uncertainty
regarding their financial organization and the
issue of bonds ahead of the stocks to provide
working capital or for improvements or other
purposes. The passing of the dividend on Colo
rado Fuel and on American Ice preferred this
week has tended to increase the uneasiness of
the holders of this class of securities. So the
conclusion has been reached by the Journal of
Commerce that the amount of new capital em
barked In new corporations competing with the
•rreat concerns has greatly exceeded the actual
new capital placed In the combinations them
selves. The disposition of old heads of con
stituent companies forced out by the combina
tions to embark In new competing enterprises
It a characteristic of the new order of. things.
Tbe d«U bond market has moved mostly In
NEW YORK, June 28. — The general stock
market to-day was practically inert. There
were £ome manipulations in specific stocks, but
they had no marked effect on the general list.
The bank statement did not reflect any notable
recuperation, but the condition of the banks
is weil maintained despite the week's syndi
cate operations and preparations which have
presumably been made for the July settl lent.
The statement was considered negatively fa
vorable, therefore. There is an expectation.
however, that there may be some shifting of
loans -on Monday. To-day's money and ex
change markets were nominal, but sterling ex
change at Paris fell half a centime, thus nar
rowing the margin between the point of profit
on eold shipments. Foreign bankers believe
gold may go out next Week. Of to-day's spe
cial movements tbe rise In Chicago and Eastern
Illinois was due to a suggestion that the treas
ury stocks of the road may be distributed to
shareholders. Illinois Central was moved up a
fraction above the price touched on the day the
new stock issue was announced and closed at
the top. The general market ran off slightly
at the close. Tbe report of a voluntary increase
of 10 per cent in wages by the United States
Steel Corporation seemed to make these stocks
firm. The closing was rather heavy.
New York Stock Market.
FRUIT AND! WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 28,
iaO2. • :>•: -•
EASTERN MARKETS.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierc*. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%o per lb.
CURED MEATS— Bacon 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
15%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams. 14®14%c;'Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 60@H; Family,. $11 50®12;
prime Mess Pork. $15<gil5 50; extra clear, $23;
Mees, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12%c; Pig
Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13V>4fHc per lb. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13&c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%C.
• -.provisions are quiet and steady. Receipts
of hogs are 33,000. against 42,000 last year.
General speculative interest is small, . and in
the main the packers have the market. Fair
demand for ribs. Receipts of hogs, while a
l.ule unuer ias»t year, are probably not as
much as had been expected."
The local market continues very dull at nn
rhnnged quotations. The Chicago letter of
Bolton, De '¦ Ruyter & Ca says: .
Provisions.
;. Wheat— ... July. Be'pt
Opening !'.'.._........... i ;-...;•. Holiday. 7
Closing '. „ „....-.....¦.-..¦ Holiday.
PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Deo.
Opening 24 30 20 55
Closing 24 35 20 70
¦ Flour — ¦
Opening 30 45 27 25
Closing ....................30 40- 27 35
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exshange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@21%c- dai
ries, lS@19%c; cheese, steady, 10@llc; eggs
firm, 17c. . . ¦ s ¦*
The closing of the South African war Is al
ready affecting Feedstuffs. A dispatch from
Ottawa, Ontario, says that since the declara
tion of peace the British authorities have can
celed orders for 15,000 tons of Hay, and have
also canceled the charters of four vessels pre
viously engaged to carry horses to South Africa
No more remounts will be purchased at present
The local, market remains unchanged Hay
being dull and Bran and' Middlings firm. ' •
BRAN— $18 D0@19 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $22 50@24 50 per ton. " -'
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; OUcake Meal at the mill, $25@26- job
bing, $26 60@27; Cocoanut Cake, ?20@21; Corn
Meal, $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50-
Mixed Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 51)'
HAT — New Is selling as follows: Wheat'
$8@9 50; Wheat and Oat, $S@9 50; Oat $709'
Barley. $0@7 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@S 50 :
Alfalfa, $9@10. Old is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $0@ll 50; Oat
$9@10; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9- Vol
unteer, $0 50@8 50; Stock, $<5@S per ton!
STRAW — 40@50o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
SATURDAY, June 23—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
• Bid.Ask.; BM. Ask.
4s qr eoup..llO%lllV4s qrcp(new)134%133%
43 qr res 100Till0-% Ss qr coup.. .107 108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W O Ss.KMVt —
Bay CPC 53.108%109'A Oeeanle 8 Bs. 97%10O
C C G&E 5s.l05%100% Omnibus 6s.. — 129
Cal-st 53 119 — Pac O Im 4s. SS —
C Costa 58.. Ill 112 Pk & C HOs.107%110
EdL&P 6s.l29% — Pk & O R6a. — 123
Fer&C H 6a. — 123 Pwl-at R 6s. — — .
Geary-st 5s.. — — Sac EGR 5s. — 104
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & CJVos.122%123
Do 5a 97 — Sierra Cal 6s — 115
LAn? R 5s. 11814119% S P of A 6s
LALCo 6s. 103% — (1009) 114% —
Do gtd 6s. — . — (1910) 115% —
Do gtd 5s. 103% — 3 P of C 6s
L A & P 5s.lO3% — 1903) Sr A. 107 — i
Do lcm 5s. 106% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s.l27%128% (1006) ....110 —
Do lcm 5s. — — (1912) ....121 —
N R of C 6s.ll2% — S P of S 1st
Do 5s "«?... 121 122 c gntd &9..120 122%
N Pac C 5s.H0 — Do stmpd.,110 —
NCR 5s...H2V»113% S P BrCalfis.140 140%'
N S R R 63.10114102 S V Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Gas 6s.ll2%113% Do 4s 2dm. 102% —
Oak Trn 6s.. 123 — Do 4s 3dm. 101% —
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E 6slOO%101%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 73% 74%iPort Costa... 63% 68
Marin Co 59 — '.Spring: Va!.. 89% 89
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 Pac L Co... 43 B0
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sac E G&R. 39ft 40%
Mutual E L. 4 5% S P G &E.. 42 42 U
O G L ft H, 61% — S F G L Co. 6% —
Pac G Imp. 35 — Stktn G & E. 9 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd. — 280 / - *»
BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — 1 First Nation! — —
Anglo-Cal .. 8S 90 JL P & A I6fl —
Bank of CaL447% — 'Mer Ex (ltq) 27 —
Cal Safe Dp.124% — B V Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & L.2015 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav. 330 400
Mutual Sav.. 80 — Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U-.523 —
STREET RAILROADS.^
CaUfornla. ..172% — . 1 Market . 90X101
-Geary — — I Presidio .... 39 —
POWDER.
Giant 69 69%/V!gorlt _..« 9% 1%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4 Kllauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — — Makawell .. 22 23?4
Honokaa ... 10% 12 Onomea .... 23% —
Hutchinson . 12 12% Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 158 160 Pac A F A. 2% g%
Cal Fruit As. — 101 Pac C Eorr.163 —
Cal Wine As. 69% 100% Par Paint ..23 —
Oceanic S Co — 20
Horning Session.
Board — . ¦ .
23 Contra Costa Water 74 00
25 Contra Costa Water 7-1 23
30 Oceanic S S Co n 17 60 .
10 Spring Valley Water 89 00
S10CO 8 V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtge)..102 8O"
9:000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtge)..102 62%*
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
2000 Junction ;........« 24
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In tha San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belch 26 15 Ophlr 1 1©
700 Caledonia ... 83 100 Overman .... 28
.200 Mexican ..... 50 200 Savage ...... 08
1C0 Mexican 49
. .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
750 Best & Belch 27 1 100 Ophlr 133
200 Best.fe Belch 25 2C0 Ophir .,...1 32%
200 Best & Belch 2il SCO Overman .... 27
200 Mexican Sol .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. \
SATURDAY. Juna 28— 12 m. -i
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Ophir .......1 30 1 S5 Sierra Nev... 25 28
Mexican.. 49 EO.Utah OG • 07
Gould & Cur. 05 07: Bullion ..".... 02 03
Best & Belch 25 2C | Exchequer . . — ' 01
Con C & Va.l 33 1 40 Seg Belcher.. 04 tti
Savage 07 C8. Overman 23 20
Chollar ...... ' 08 09 Justice 07 as
Potosi ........ 18 10 Union ....... 20 21
Hale & Nor. 36 SS[Alta C3 07
Crown Point; 03 Ot.Julia — 04
Yellow Jacket 13 15! Caledonia ... 8.1 S4
Imperial — «ll Silver Hill ... 48 50
Kentuck - 01 02, Challenge ... 13 l-i
Alpha — 03 i Occidental ... 1.1 v 1.1
Belcher :.... 12 13[Andea 00 03
ConHdence .. D2 00.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C 8 Thayer. Illinois
D L Haggard. Cal
J Thomas, R Vista
J Chenworth. Cal
AV Oibbons & w. Eurek
j Malone. S Quentin
AC Richmond, Cal
A McPherson. . S Barb
W J Perry, Nebr
O Wall, Dawson
V Cordano, Sacto
W Dickson, Seattle
A Davis & w, Iowa
(H H Jenness, Sausalito
j W S Byers. .Denver
Dr Carlberg. Haywrilj
-V S Nunes. R Vista
A S Brazil A w R Vis
F Powell. . Eureka
R E Tiffany L Ans
W S Frieland; Cal
Ira Silver. Cal
H Hegwar, Cal
A Rigger. Cal
W F Walker *w, Bstn
W S CosUr, PtUUuma
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments,
Flour, barrels 15,000 13 000
Wheat, bushels ........... 37,000 105 000
Corn, bushels 143,000 330 000
Oats, bushels ....229,000 208.000
Rye, bushels 1,000 .....
Barley, bushels 15,000 i,'666 :
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair 'Sunday, be
coming cloudy at night; light southerly winds,
changing to high westerly winds. , ¦
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Offlc'.al.
Northern California— Fair . Sunday; brisk
northerly winds in the interior; fresh to high
northwest winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
\reather Sunday; fresh southwest wind.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Sunday. .- . .-
The pressure has fallen siowly along the
coast, and has risen rapidly over Utah. An
extensive depression overlies the southern por
tion of the country and rain is reported from
eozne of the Mexican stations.
The temperature continues high in the great
valleys of California. Over Utah and S-nlth
ern Idaho there has been a sharp fall. A
thunderstorm is reported at Salt Lake City,
with rain In the desert. High northwest winds
sue reported at El Paso.
Erisk northerly winds are blowing In the
«reat valleys of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 29, 1902:
FORECAST.
"WEATHEP. CONDITION'S AXD GENERAL
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade : Graham
Flour. $3 pe,r 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9- in
sacks, $0 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 CO per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family ' Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3®
3 50. ¦ - . ¦ v
New England — Fruit prospects generally
considered good. •, '
New York — Light peach crop, but apples and
grapes promising.
Maryland and Delaware — Strawberry season
over; peach outlook unsatisfactory and other
fruit generally short, especially, apples.
Virginia — Fruit scarce.
Georgia — Light crop of peaches, but quality
good.
Florida — Melons and peaches improved from
rains; citrus fruits decidedly Improved.
Alabama — Peaches ar.d plums yielding well.
Mississippi — Fruit crops falling. . .
Missouri — Apples still dropping some.
Illinois — Some fruit blown from the trees.
West Virginia — Apples and peaches continue
to fall considerably; prospects not promising.
Ohio— Apples dropping and less promising;
some peaches near the lake.
Oklahoma — Early peaches .ripe.
Idaho — Apples, pears and prunes growing
rapidly.
New Mexico — Fruit prospects continue to be
most promising.
Arizona — Fruit trees not thriving, need rain
to wash off accumulated dust from the foliage.
Oregon- — Cherries half crop; strawberries
plentiful.
From the Crop Bulletin, United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, Washington, D. C,
week ended June 10.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady: winter patents, $3 80@3 90; straights.
|3 20@3 60; clears, $3@3 30; spring specials,
$4 20; patents, $3 50@3 80; straights. $2 90®
3 itO; No. 3 spring wheat, 74%c; No. 2 red. 75c-
No. 2 corn. 09%c; NO. 2 yellow, 69%c; No.. 2
oats, 47@48%c; No. 2 white, 63%c; No. & white
52>,4@54c; No. 2 rye, 58%@61c; fair to choice
realting barley, 69@70%c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 54
6>1 65; No. 1 Northwestern, $173; prime timo
\}P»2t? 6 ',* 5 f 5: mess J>°rk. Per bbl, $18 27%<&
18 37%; lard, per 100 lbs, $10 47%®10 50
short ribs sides (loose), $10 57%@10 67%; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 8V4@8%c; short clear
sides (boxed). $10 75@10 87%; whisky, basis
of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade.
= S £ O m "s
S *= a >^~ i«» n
I §f || || p a
ETATIONS. ft Sg || ff •!* I
: I I : a : §
: ? P : : 1
Astoria 30.04 70 48 SW Cloudy .00
Baker 29.98 72 4G N Clear .00
Carson 23.78 74 C2 B Clear .CO
Eureka 30.04 (i0 52 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29. C4 06 52 NW Clear .CO
Flagstaff 23.t>4 78 42 SW Clear .0)
Pocatello, Ida.29.S3 64 M N Pt Cldy .04
Independence .29. CS 8S 54 N Clear .Oi
Los Angeles ..29.72 74 M XV Clear .00
Phoenix 29.72 74 70 W Clear .00
Portland 30.04 C8 60 \V Cloudy .00
Red Bluff 30.10 94 . . N Clear .00
Roseburg 30.00 7C 4S N Pt Cldy .00
Sacramento ..20.CS 90 02 NW Clear .CO
Salt Lake .T.29.88 64 50 NW Clear .10
6an FrancIsco.20.7G 70 40 W Clear .00
B. L. Obispo..2J».7S 78 46 S Clear .00
Ban Diego ...29.86 C4 CS S Pt Cldy .00
Beat tie ."0.08 C4 .. NW Cloudy '0
Spokane 30.06 78 46 S-E Clou<iy .OJ
Keah Bay ...SO. 08 GS ¦ .. W Cloudy T.
"Walla Walla. .29.94 80 64 W Pt Cldy ."0
TTinnetnucca .29.R6 74 48 N Clear .00
Yurr.a 29.54 102 76 W Clear .00
Business In all classes of stocks has b«ea
flat during the past week 'and fluctuations hav*
been few and narrow. The Stock and Bond
Exchange stands adjourned to Monday. July 7,
the Governor having declared Saturday, July 5,
a legal holiday.
Sales on the Oil Exchange last week amount
ed to 15,770 shares, valued at $5387. th« lead
ing sales being as follows: Bear Flag. Inde
pendence, Petroleum Center and Reed, 1000
shares each; California Standard. 2100; Junc
tion. 3100; Occidental, 1100; Oil City, 3500;
Sterling. 800.
The Hibernla, Savings and Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual dividend at th« rat* of
3% per cent per annum on all deposits, pay
able July 1. >
The Pacifio Coast Borax Company paid s>
regular monthly dividend of $1 per share yes
terday.
The following banks in Oakland hava de
clared semi-annual dividends on all savings
deposits at the uniform rate of 3.25 per cent
per annum, payable July 1: Union Savings
Bank. Central Bank, Oakland Bank of Savings
and Farmers' and Merchants' Savings Bank;
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Commtfn stock. $23 62%@24; preferred.
$63 50<@64; bonds, nominal; subscriptions. $101
0102.
Prune growers are exercised over th» re
ported short sales of 1902 Prunes as low as
2%c basis for the four sizes. This is below
cost of production, and it Is incredible . that
anybody should make such low prices. ' The
New Yorkers have seized the opportunity to
hammer the market, and have reduced their
bids to 2%c. The California packers are gen
erally asking 2%@2%c basis, and are refus
ing to sell for less. Still, somebody is evi
dently cutting under. No such disposition to
hammer other new fruits is shown. The new
crop is still two months off; and conditions
may rectify themselves In the meantime.
Otherwise there is nothing new in the situation.
New Peaches are being quoted at 4%c for com
mon up to 8%c for fancy, with the bulk of
the trading at 5@6c. The Government crop
report will be seen In the first column. .Ap
ples are turning out short ail over the coun
try, even in California and Oregon.
FRUITS — New Apricots, •ruturo delivery, 60
7%c; old Apricots, 7®8o for Royals and . 10
(?j-i;>c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 12@12%c; sun dried. C®7c;
Peaches, 6%®S%c per lb. ¦
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
3G-4GS, CH@6%c; 40-50S, 5@5%C; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; CO-TOs, 4@4%c; 70-80s. 3%©3%c; 80-90s,
3(&3%c; 90-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3 -crown, 8c; 2-crown,
7%c; Loose Muscatels, 5%c for 4-crown and
5V4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll@ll%c;
No. 2, 6@7c; No. 1, hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell; 9@10c
for Boftshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%e; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$5 5005.
HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9®lle
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c: dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. "
Dried Fruits/ Nuts and Raisins.
£ r r " cles — A OP en - High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
July 73% 73% 72% 73
September 72% 72% 72 V4 72%
D( n emb xT r •«•" 73y * 73^ 73 Vs 73%
Corn No. 2—
July 69% 70 69% 69*4
September 61% 61% 81% 61$
D '£Z b Uo/2-' 47% *¦ 47% . « %
July (old) 40% 41 40% 40%
July (new) 46% 4T 46 46%
Sept. (old) .. 30% 30% 30% 80%
Sept. (new) 33% 34 33% 33%
Dec. (new) 33% 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
July 18 30 18 30 18 22% 18 27%
September ;....18 47% 18 55 18 45 18 47%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 10 67% 10 E7% 10 52% 10 55
September 10 60 10 62% 10 67% 10 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— "«»«»«»<»
July .. .....10 62% 10 62% 10 60 10 62%
September 10 62% 10 62% 10 67% 10 6a
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FKANCISCO. June 28—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
"A private letter from the coast to-day, dis
cussing the /situation on 1902 crop prunes,
etates: 'We' catinot make a lower price than
2%c four size basis on Santa Clara fruit. We
Understand there are a few sellers on the 2%c
four size basis, but incline to believe that the
larger Interests have shown no disposition to
do business at lower than 'the" 2%c basis.
Those selling at 2%c basis are, we
believe, selling sheft. as, . while the
crop prospects are favorable to a
larga output, the growers do not
seem inclined to lower their Views. In our
opinion, with a largely increased export de
mand, due to the short crop in France, which
will be about one-quarter of the average, ac
cording to late advices, and no carry-over to
speak of in old prunes in this country, the
situation is much- mere favorable than is gen
erally supposed. There sh'-uld not be any dif
ficulty in disposing of a crop of, say, 145,000,-
GOO pounds, in view of the fact that upwards
of 100,000.000 pounds have been consumed in
a year when there was practically little export
demand.' "
for choice apricots in the sweatbox, and the
Eastern dealers want to buy at 5%c to 6c,
loaded on the cars. A few peaches could be
purchased for Aupust shipment at 5%e f. o. b.
choice American bleached grade.' '¦
Flour, qr sks... 4.70O Straw, tons ...» 83
Wheat. Gtis .... 53,570: Leather, rolls.. AS
Barley, ctls ... 4,050 Hides, No. ... 271
Oats, ctls ...... .4,150 Pelts. Mis .... 4S
Potatoes, sks .. 1,752 Lr'me. bbls .... 273
Onions, sks ... 2US Win'?, gala .... 89 40U
Bran, sks 1,073 Tallow, ctls .. SOT:
Middlings, sks.. 290 Sugar, etls .... 2,600
Wool, bales ... 4(17 Quicksilver, fiki 63
Hay. tons .... 881
FOR SATXTRDAT, JtJNB 28.
Receipts of Produce.
6%c per lb; White. Lead, 6@6%c, according
to quality. ¦ ;
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 10O-li>
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine : Crushed. :
4.50c; Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; 'Fruit Granulated 4 25c;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb bags only),* none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A 3 85o -
Extra CLJLZSc; Golden C. 3.65c; ,"D,'* 3.55c;
barrelarlOo more; half -barrels, 23o more;
boxes; 60c more; BO-lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75o; boxes 5a
per lb. No order taken for less than 73 bar*
rels or its equivalent.
CANNED SALMON— The Alaska Packers*
Association has named the following- prices for
1902: Reds. 95c; medium reds, 85c; pinks.
65c; kings, $1; kings in fiats. $1 17%.
CHICAGO, June 28.— Wet weather again
caused fair up-turns in grains to-day. Sep
tember wheat ' opened Vtc to %c higher at
<2%c to 72%c and sold to 72%c early.
Throughout the Southwest copious rains had
fallen again to damage the harvest and Paris
was higher. There was a little early com
mission house business and a fair export de
mand developed. The feature of the day was
an improvement In the call for December
options. A bearish sentiment overcast the
pit, however, for some time and worked
against higher prices. Many of the local crowd
took profits and September dropped to 7214c,
closing only firm, %c up at 72%c.
Corn still showed marked strength on the
demand by shorts. Opening prices were very
at S°£&; J? horts bidding July % to l%c higher
at 69%@70c — the latter the new record price
for the crop. Profit-taking slumped the mar
ket to 6a%c, but bad crop reports pushed
prices up again. July closed strong, lc up at
1 9 JI, C ; gfP^ em b e r sold at 61 %c, closing firm,
%@%c higher at 61 %c. ' ...
Oats continued their upward course again
to-day. The wet weather was reported as
hurting this cereal worst of all. July closed
strong 1@1% C up at 46%c, after touching 47c.
September closed firm, %©%c up at 33 &@
0074 c. . . .
S There was nothing doing in provisions. Sep
tember pork and ribs closed unchanged and
September lard 2%c higher. >
' The leading futures ranged as follows : ¦
Local stocks and bonds neglected.
Governor declares July 5 o legal holiday. >
Shipment of $206,951 in treasure to the Orient.
Local bank clearings show a slight gain.
Silver and Exchange about as before.
Wheat and Barley quiet and not materially changed.
Oats freely offered and weak. Corn and Rye quiet.
Beans and Seeds quoted very dull. m . ' j
Hay and Feedstuff s as, previously quoted.
Butter and Cheese- unchanged. Eggs continue to weaken.
New Prunes being offered at very low quotations.
Provisions dull, both here and in the West.
Hops firm at the advance. Wool and Hides in good ftemand.
Nothing further new in live or dressed Meats.
Prices named for 1902 Alaska Salmon.
New Potatoes and Onions -firmer. Vegetables liberally offered.
Poultry dragging at previous quotations.
Fruit market freely supplied and not overactive.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel ....... 38
Call loans 8%@1 Do prefd 89%
Time loans 4 @5 Westing Com ....102%
Bonds — . Mining —
Atchison 4s ....102% Adventure 23
Gas lsts 94 Allouez 2%
Mex Cent 4s. 81% Amal Copper .... 63%
N E G & Coke... CO Bingham 31%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.590
AtchUon 82%jCentennial 17%
Do prefd 100% Copper Range ... 53%
Boston & Albany. 260 Dom Coal 136
Boston & Maine.201 Franklin 10%
Boston Kiev 164 Isle Royale 11%
N Y, N H & H..230 Mohawk 42%
Fltchburg prefd.. 143% Old Dom lflft
Union Pacific 105 Osceola 60
Mex Cent 28% Parrot 27
, Miscellaneous — Qulncy 181
Amer Sugar 126 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Do prefd 118% Tamarack ../.... 175
Amer Tel & Tel.178 Trimountaln ..... 95
Dom I & Steel.'... 62% Trinity 11%
Gen Electric 305 United States .... 19%
Mass Electric' 42% Utah 20
Do prefd 97% Victoria 6%
N E*G & Coke... 3% Wlnona JJU
United Fruit 112 Wolverine 64
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 7 25
Breece 50 Ophlr ¦. 1 15
Brunswick Con... 0U Phoenix (Hi
Comstock Tun ., 6% Potosi 20
Con Cal & Va... 1 35 Savage ;. ? 10
Deadwood Terra.. 1 00 Sierra Nevada.... 12
Horn Silver .... 1 25 Small Hopes .... 43
Iron Silver 72 Standard .3 10
Lead vllle Con 05
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
U S ref 2s, reg..lO7%,L & N unified 4s.lO3%
Do 2s, coup. ..108% Mex Cent 4s 84%
Do 3s, reg 107 Do 1st inc . 32%
Do 3s, coup 107- Minn & St L 4s.. 105V.
Do new 4s, reg.134% M, K & T 4s.... 99%
Do new 4s coup.134% Do 2ds 85%
Do old 4s, reg.. 109% N Y Cent lsts. ..104%
Do old 4s, coup. 110% " Do gen 3%s....lO9
Do 5s, reg 105 N J Cent gen 6a. 139
Do 5s. coup ...105 Nor Pac 4s 105%
Atch gen 4s 103% Do 3a 74%
Do adj 4s 94 Nor & W con 4s.. 101%
Bal & Ohio 4s 103 Read Gen 4s ....100%
Do 3%s 07% SL & I M con 6s.llO
Do conv 4s 106% St L & S F 4s... 100
Can So 2ds.. 109% St L So lsts....r"99%
Cent of Ga 5s 109 Do 2ds 87%
Do 1st inc 82% S A & A Pass 4s. 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08% So Pac 4 92%
Chi & Alton 3%.. 85Vi So Ry 5s 123%
C, B & Q new 4s. 96V* Tex & Pao lsts... 119
C, M & S P gn4s.H6% T, St L & W 4*. . 83%
C & NW con 7s.. 136% Union Pae 4s 1W5%
C, R I & Pac 4s..ll2Vi Do conv 4s... 107%
C.C.C & St Lgn4slO2% Wabash lsts ....119%
Chi Term 4s 90% Do 2ds 112"
Colo & So 2ds.... 90 Do deb B 77
Den & Rio G 4s.. 104 West Shore 4s... 115%
Erie prior Hen 4s.l0l% W & L Erie, 4s.. 05
Erie Gen 4s 89 Wls Cent 4s 93%
F W & D C lsts. 113% Con Tobacco 4a..' 67
Hock Val 4%s...llO
Total sales 124,600 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS,
sympathy with stocks. The new United States
2s declined %, the 3s % and "the new 4a % per
cent, as compared with the closing call of last
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Open. High. Low Close.
A tchison 2.800 82% 82 82%
Atcliison pfd 3,000 101 100% 101
Ba tinfore & Ohio. 100 106 106 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd 95
S££ n £ffi»r 1>so ° 133% 133 .. *88
<*?**£&::::::• ™ 4i " 4G% SIS
Chi & Alton pfd... .". '.'.'. 74}*
££} J"2 & L 011^- •• 600 75% 75% 75 "
Chi Ind & Louis pf ; . t>6%
Chi & Eastern III. 1,200 193% 189 193%
chi*£^?pf5- 1O ' CO ° 30% S I?*
gtW.. 1 !^ "™ "* "* 250*
Chi R I & Pac.... 300 172% 171% 171%
Chi Term & Tran. 300 21% 21 21
Chi Term & Tr pf. 300 38 37% 38
C C C & St Louis 103
Colorado Southern 30%
Colo South 1st pfd 70%
Colo South 2d pfd Li. 42%
Del & Hudson 174%
Del Lack & West 280
Denver & R G 100 42 42 42%
Denver & R G pfd. 400 93% 93% \ 03%
g r « 700 36% 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd .... C8%
Erie 2d pfd 100 53 -53 52
Gt Northern pfd... 100 187 187 187
Hocking Valley....* 1,200 85 84% S4%
Hocking Val pfd 88
Illlrois Central 13,800 100% 158% 160%
Iowa Central 100 49}i 49 V4 49V*
Iowa Central pfd.. 700 88 87% 87%
K C Southern 100 33% 33% 33%
I>o Pfd j^.. 100 59% 60% 59%
Lake Erie & West. ..... .... .... 03
L E & West pfd .... '125
Louisville & Nash. 200 137% 137 137
Manhattan Elevat.. 100 131% 131% 131 Vi
Metropolitan St Ry 300 148% 148% 148
Mexican Central. . .. 700 28% 28% 2S : >4
Mexican National.. 100 18% 18% 1S%
Minn & St Louis.. 100 114 114 113%
.Missouri Pacific 24,40O_ 110% 110% 110%
Mo Kan & Tex 1,100 27% 27 27%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 400 59% 59 69
New Jersey Central 180
New York Central, 800 150 155% 155%
Norfolk & West ...; .... 66%
Norf & West pfd '. .... 91
Ontario & Western 200 32% 32% 32K
Pennsylvania 5,000 151% 151% 151%
Reading 11,400 66% 66 (55%
Reading 1st pfd.., 100 84 84 83%
Reading 2d pfd 500 70% 69% 69%
St L & San Fran ... CSV.
St L & S F 1st pf d 82
St L & S F 2d pfd. 100" 71% 71% 71%
St Louis SW C00 31 30% i30%
St Louis SW pfd.. 2,900 68 66% 07
St Paul 7,700 170 175% 175%
St Paul pfd 300 190 190 190
Southern Pacific... 900 64% 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 3,000 36% 36% 36%
Southern Ry pfd.. 400 95% 95% 95
Texas & Pacific... 900 43% 43% 43%
Tol St L & West.. 300 21% 21 21
Tol St L & W pfd. 200 37% 37% 37
Union Pacihc 2,300 105% 105 105%
pti 10 ° S 9 -89 88%
w^er,nV&L- E :::... s ?° 46^ 4e * $
Do 2nd pfd .x '.'.'" 3414
Wisconsin Cent.... 400 27 28% 20«4
go PM 400 48% 48% 48%
Express Companies— .
Adams , ..... 197
American ; ,7; 225
United States 114%
Wells Fargo . . . . , 195
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 1,100 63% 6.1% 63%
Am Car & Foun... 400 32 ' 31% 31%
Do Pfd , .'* 9j m
Am Linseed Oil .'... . 23»£
Do Pfd - 6 oi?
Am Loco 200 32 31% 82
Do Pfd 300 94% 94% 94
Am Sm & Ref 600 47% 47 47%
Do pfd , 98 .
Anaconda Min Co. 400 100 106 105 >
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 400 67% C7% 67%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 2.900 87% 86 87%
Con Gas ;' 400 220% 220% 220%
Cont Tob pfd 100 122 122 121
Gen Electric 305
Hocking Coal 16
Int Paper ..... 20%
Do pfd : 78
Laclede Gas ..... 85 '
National Biscuit ..;..-..... 40%
National Lead 100 21% - 21% 21%
North American - 122
Pacific Coast .., ..... ..... 63 r
Pacific Mail ;. ...... 4114
People's Gas 300 100% .100% 100%
Pressed Steel Car. .;...,-. A?... .. 45%
Do pfd S5u
Pullman Pal Car 232
Republic Steel 300 17 17 17
Do pfd 1,100 73 72% 72%
Sugar 200 120 126 * 120
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 200 62% 62»i 62%
Union Bag & P Co ....* ilu
Do pfd 81 2
U S Leather 400 12% 12% 12%
Do pfd 100 84% 84% 84%
U S Rubber ..... u&
Do pfd 61 %
U S Steel 4,300 38 - 37% 37%
Do pfd 1,600' 89% 89% 89%
Western Union .... 1,000 89% 88% 89
"There is possibly some halting In the
strength of the cash situation, but no material
abatement in the same. At the moment the
weather is the important factor. The crop
needs warm dry weather and It needs It at once.
Unless it comes at once the deferred futures
will likely sell higher." . .
This market is very dull, and the feellns? is
weak. Offerings of new Red continue in excess
of current needs, and dealers are anxious to
cell. '
New Reds are quoted at $1@1 15 for common
to choice and ?1 17%@1 20 for fancy; old
Oats ar° nominal as follows: Whites $1 25®
I SO; Milling, ?1 30; Black, $1 15@1 25* per ctl
CORN— The Chicago letter of Bolton, - de
Ruyter & Co. says:
"Tone of the market continues firm. Surface
indications would seem to say that while the
Harris-Gates people have been steadily selling
September corn against their July holdings oi
late, that Armour has been steadily accumu
lating the September corn. It is said that there
is a good cash business doing in corn for ship
ment at a little better than September prices
Weather throughout corn belt continues wet
and cold and complaints, although not alarm
ing, are increasing:."
In this market conditions remain as before
trade being dull. Small Round Yellow is lower'
Large Yellow, $1 45<g)l 50; small round do
$1 45@1 50; White. $1 50@l 65.
RYE — Weak at 80@S5c for new 'and 85@87%c
for old.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at $2 25@2 50 per
ctl. - :
Informal Session — 9:15 .o'clock — December —
2000 Ctls, $1 14%; 6000, $114%; 20,000, $1 14%
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 14%.
Regular ¦ Morning Session — December — 1000
ctls, $114%; 20,000, $1 14%; May — 1000,
$1 17%. .
BARLEY — The market closed the Week ex
tremely dull, there being no business reported
on the Produce Exchange. Futures were firm,
but inactive.
New Feed, 90@92%c; old Feed, 92%@95c
and nominal; brewing, 95@97%c; Chevalier,
$1 20 asked for standard.
'* CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December 1 —
2000 ctls. 83%c.
Second Session — No sales. ' »
' Regular Morning Session — December — 8000
etls, 83%c; 10,000, 83%c.
OATS : — Chicago reports the crop throughout
the West in. a critical condition, owing to the
Incessant rains and cool weather. The Chicago
letter of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co. says : '
CALL BOARD SALES.
"Market showed some slrength" early on the
continued wet Weather, but In the absence of
a Liverpool -market and with the July liquida
tion still on, it turned dull and steady. Visible
supply on Monday will probably show fair da
crease. Outlook at the moment is much de
pendent on the weather, both in this country
and Europe." ¦ .
This market was firm and not materially
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1 12%@1 13%; mill
ing, ?1 15@1 20 per ctl. ¦ -; .o-
' . WHEAT — Paris futures were, higher. -. There
were no quotations from Liverpool.
Chicago was firm on unfavorable weather and
the higher French markets. Coarse grains were
excited, and .Wheat sympathized. The de
mand for Flour was reported poor, and in the
East buyers were being supplied by resellers.
The Chicago wires of Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.
said: ' -
Wheat and Other Grains.
Conditions in this market show little change
from yesterday's report, /teceipts were large,
and as there was very little business outside
of the local trading, large quantities of fruit
were left on hand at the close of business.
Berries and Currants were in free supply,
and owing, to the warm weather in the coun
try a large portion of the receipts came te»
hand soft and otherwise in poor condition.
The canners bought large quantities at the
bottom quotations and in some instances paid
less. Black and white Cherries in bulk were
a drug on the market and the canners took
advantage of the situation and lowered their
bids. The canners were in the market for
Apricots, ¦ paying $10® 12 50 for common and
$15@17 50 for choice, with occasionally $20 for
fancy.
Prices of Figs were irregular as receipts were
large and the fruit was shipped in all sorts
and Sizes of boxes. Tragedy Prunes were of
fering in crates and sold promptly at $L Dear
born Seedling Pears . sold readily at 50c per
box. Other descriptions of Deciduous fruits
were abundant and prices . were generally
lower.
Mexican. Limes are pretty well cleaned up.
A steamer, is due to-morrow with fresh sup
plies. The other Citrus fruits stand about the
same.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 for Longworths and
$2@4 for Malindas.
RASPBERRIES— $3@7 per chest; crates, 30®
50c.
LOGANBERRIES— $2@4 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@3 50 per chest; la
crates, 20@40c, according. to size of crate.
GOOSEBERRIES — 25<&>35c per drawer.
CURRANTS— $2@4 per chest.
PLUMS — Clyman, 25@35c per box and 35®
50c per crate; baskets, 10@20c; Cherry Plums,
20@35c per drawer and 35@50c in larger pack
ages; Plums, in bulk boxes, 60@75c.
APRfCOTS — 25@40c per box or- crate; In
baskets, 15@25c; bulk boxes, 40@75c.
APPLES — Green, 20@30o per box and 13©
25c per basket; large boxes, 50c@$l.
PEARS— Madeline. 15@25c for small boxes;
large boxes,. 50@75c.
PEACHES — 25®60c per box and 30@50o In
baskets; bulk boxes, 5C©C0c.
CHERRIES — White. 2fl@30c per box; in bulk.
l%ffiGc; Black, 20@50c per box and l@3c in
bulk; Royal Annes. 40@«5c per box and 4@6c
in bulk; cartons from San Jose, $1.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from luma, $1@1 50
per crate; from Indlo, $1'75@2 25 per crate;
Watermelons from Indlo, 20@25c each.
GRAPES — Thompson's seedless from Indlo,
$1 25@2 per crate; from Yuma, $1 23@1 60
per crate. * '
FIGS — Black, 23@75c for single layers and
40c@$l 25 for double layer boxes; White, . 40
@75o per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS — Seedling Oranges. $1®2;
Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50: St. Michaels,
$1@3; Valencias, $1 25@3 CO; Tangerines, $1 50
in half-boxes; Lemons, $1@1 50 for common,
$175@2 60 for choice and $3@3 50 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, $2@3 50; Mexican Limes, $5@5 50;
Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch for New Orleans
and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50<9
3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
DRIED FRUITS.
In evaporated apples the : market . for the
spot article remains without change. Futures
are somewhat more firmly held, sellers asking
6%c for October and November deliveries of
prime, though not much actual business is be
ing' transacted above 6%c. Common to good
are quoted at 7@9%c; prime, 10c; choice, 10%
@10%c; fancy, lie.
Prunes continue . In fair demand, notably
good sizes, and holders • are inclined to special
grades. Prices range from 3%@C%c for all
descriptions.
« A &2& ot " T e s teady at 10%@14c in boxes and
10%@12c in/ bags. . .
Peeled peaches are priced at 12@16c and un
peeled at 8%@10%c. ,
loaf, 0.10c; crushe.d, 5.15c; powdered, 4.75c;
granulated. 4.65c; cubes. 4.90c. . . -
COFFEE— Spot Rio, V quiet. ' No. 7 ' invoice,
5%e: mild, quiet; Cordova, 8©ll%c. : Futures
market closed quiet," net • 5@10 points higher.
Total sales were 12,250 bags, including: June,
4.05c; July, 4.95c; August, 5c; September, 5@
5.C5c; November, 5.20c; December, 5.30c; May,
6.60@5.65c. . ¦ , v
$29,829 In silver bullion for Bombay.
Silver and Exchange remain about as before.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... — . 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S%
Sterling Cables ....... ..... — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight. — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — ' 17%
Silver, per ounce .....—. 52}b
Mexican Dollars, nominal ~ 45 Vj
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE' 29, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
31
The report of O. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor cf the United States Weather Bureau, for
the Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended
June 24, Is as follows:
"With the exception of general showers on
the flnrt day of the week, the 17th, the week
\ras dry- There were, however, llgrht showers
In Spokane County on the 18th and 19th. The
first day of the week was cool, but the tem
perature rose steadily, with hot and dry north
to cast winds, fo that on the 20th shade tem
peratures of 80 to 85 degrees wer« reached
ever the western section, and on the 22d 85 to
80 degrees o\-er the eastern section.
/ "The weather wat fine for haying and the
firet cutting of alfalfa was finished. Tbe dry
ing winds were unfavorable for wheat and It
lias been hurt considerably, except In Spokane
County. Had wheat been more advanced and
In the filling stage great damage might have
resulted.
"With the change to cooler and showery
weather the damage is over, at least for a
time. Potatoes in the western section have
been Injured by the dry spell and heat, and
cats on clay land are at a standstill. Corn
and the vegetables that require considerable
summer heat have been Improved. Cherries are
beginning to ripen, and, with slight exception.
tbe crop is light. The strawberry season is
aw over la tbe southern counties."
'Apricots and Primes in New York
Tfce New York Journal of Commerce says:
"Coast advice?, referring to dried apricots,
eay: 'The lateness of the season and shortage
«f help may hurt the sellers ot futures for
July delivery. In the f. o. b. circles It appears
***4 the growers are asking 6%c to 7c per lb
AUCTION SALES
50 HEAD AT AUCTIONS
ONE CARLOAD MODOC HORSES 't
Consigned by James McCabe.
Also one carload thoroughly broken high- class
DRIVING HORSES at STEWARTS
-~. ~~~- HORSB MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET. Near Third.
. Phone Main 1150.
MONDAY. June 30. 11 a. m. :
.£& . £»$
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET.
- — — ' ¦.-
Jfe& fca
THE ENTIRE CAMPING OUTFIT of th«
Russian gypsies, consisting of eight ¦ camp
wagons, harness and horses; also a large as-
sortment of draft and driving horses, at 1140
Folsom st., Tuesday. July 1. 11 a. m. -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
32
Apply 1811
EAGLE-
BELASCO
, BELr r WAJiTED-^MA^l^(^
WANTED — 3 cooks, no wash, ?30-$35, see par.
My at office Monday, 10 o'clock; Swedish cook.
San Jose, $35; 2 laundresses, $30, city and
country: 4 second girls, city and country. $20
and $25; cashier, restaurant, $25; 4 chamber-
maids, $17 50-$20, city; German nurse, 2
children, $25; cook, family hotel. 12 people,
$35; pastry cook, institution. $30; kitchen
helper, private family, $25; 15 waitresses for
springs, $25 ; 90 girls for Monday to call at
• - office for housework, good places, good
wages. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE A1ND PAY WHILE
. LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
' ST.; MR. DAVIS.
FORTY handsome and experienced chorus girls
to go on the road. Apply Fischer's Theater
iefore 11 o'clock, mornings.
YOUNG girl to learn to be developed as a
- medium. Call or write 850 Market, parlors
1-2, 1 to 5 and 7 to 9 p. m. ; no fakes need
apply. . 2_
STARCH work Ironer; steady work. Standard
Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED— Housekeeper, small family; wages
$18. Address Box 5. Sunol, Calif.
GIRL to run body Ironing machine. Standard
Laundry. 114 .Hayes at
GIRL to assist in housework. 8S1 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted, $3 a week.
631 Clay st.
A GIRL for general housework; wages $20.
Call 411 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG girl for photographic establishment;
wages $4 per week. Box 1254. Call office.
WANTED — A chocolate dipper. Apply 1811
Devlsadero st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on -^ests. 230% Ninth
street.
YOUNG Italian lady to pose In costume. Box
1316. Call office.
GIRL to press children's wear; one who can
sew. 220 Sutter st.. room 25.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies at IJtV^
INGSTON BROS'.. 123 Post st.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to $23
wkly. Home Correspondence School. Phila,
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
A LADY piano player; country roadhouse;
good wages. M. J., box 26. St. Helena.
GIRL — Housework; 2 adults; good home; must
cook; $10. Call afternoons. 2476 Post st
A — SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market «t.
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO <fc
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week-
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rcyplvcd at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— -MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY."
59 Thjrd st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405
FREE FARE UTAH AND NEVADA
500 teamsters and rockmen, $2 25 to $2 50 day
FREE NO OFFICE FEE FREE
SPECIAL SHIPMENT TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
Reduced office fe to-day only
FREE FARE TO MENDOCINO CO.
100 men for sawmills and lumber woods, $2u
to $65 per month and board; 60 railroad la-
borers, big sawmill co.; free fare, to-day
6 carpenters' helpers, country. .$2 25 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
20 woodsmen. $40 to $60 per month and board
20 concrete men, near city.... $2 25 per day
5 men to hoe beans $125 per day
10 hay and harvest hands $2 per day
3 men to cultivate beans $32 50 per month
3 general ranch hands $32 50 per month
10 fruit pickers $1 per day and board
Man and wife, man general ranch work, wif*
to cook for 5 men, full charge, steady year
round $45 per month
Graphite miner $2 50 per day
4 cut-off sawyers, box maker and helper, city
mill... , -. ;..
Special shipment to-day to Casper and Ft.
Bragg. Mendoclno Co
Free fare Free fare
CAL. EMP. AGENCY 69 Third st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 429 Bush st.
NO OFFICE- FEE.
NO OFFICE FEE. I,
Free fee, free shipment, free fare
For Palisade Gerald Carlln
Elko Peacock Fenelon
1000 teamsters and laborers $2 to $2 20
500 concrete men, plowholders, dumpers. $2 25
ABOVE IS FREE :......
- 200 teamsters, Lucine, - Utah $2. $2 25
A track gang, Nevada '.$2
500 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park, Cal..$2, $3
Ship Monday .Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush at.
(Bet Kearny and Grant ave.)
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush lit
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
Crew, summer resort, 1st, 2d baker $180
Baker and pastry cook, summer hotel.... $60
Head cook, springs '. $75
Head cook, country hotel..'. .$70
2d and 3d cook, eating house, Arizona. $50-|30
2d cooks, broilers, fryers $50-$70
Dishwashers and kitchen hands.. $35-$30-$2o
. Restaurant steward $60
2 restaurant waiters, country $40
6 waiters, country hotels $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny and
Grant ave.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638
Clay St.; phone Main 1191.
1000 R. R. men for all parts of Nevada, $2 25
to $2 50 day, free fare
.100 R. R. men for S. P. Co.'s work, coast
' "and Western division, free fare
SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT
10 muckers, San Luis Oblspo County $60
. 6 muckers, San Benlto County $b*0
20 tanbark peelers, Mendocino Co.... $2 cord
15 tlemakers 12c and 18c each
3 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co. . . .$2 50 cord
2 men to clear lands, Santa Cruz County
'.$30 per acre
3 millwrights, Humboldt County $4 day
~ Blacksmith's helper $2 day
4 scraper teamsters, south, free fare
..$1 CO day and found
6 carpenters, country $3 50 day
Barber, country shop.; $15 and found
2 bell boys $15 and board
. 6 solderers for factory. $3 50 day
Many other positions, call and see.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U I
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than S feet 4 inches and not over 0 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
- further, information apply at the Recruiting
Offfce, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. \
Adwritlng, illustrating, proofreading. Journal-
lsm,bookkeeplng,8tenography,tauKht by mail,
free; graduates guaranteed positions. Pay no
tuition till we secure permanent employment.
Write for free tuition contract, mentioning
subject you wish to study. Correspondence In-
stitute of America, Box 240, Scranton, Pa.
WANTED — Trustworthy person In each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house;
i bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses.
Manager. 379 Caxton bldg.. Chicago.
BRIGHT, active workers can earn good wages:
permanent position guaranteed; entirely new
proposition; investigate. Rooms 1 and 2, Pa-
cific Mutual bldg., cor. Montgomery and Sac-
ramento. ' . .
WANTED— Young man about IS years old as
trimmer in electrical department Apply
Monday morning, Superintendent, The Em-
porium.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months: constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
.month. Moler ¦ System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
'•, rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Good, strong boy to work in a coal
yard; wages $7 50 per week. Address box,
1250. .Call office. • ' _•
ADVERTISING solicitor; permanent; flrst-
class established publication; look into this.
Box 1305. Call office.
ENERGETIC men to distribute circulars, sam-
ples, etc.; no canvassing; good pay. Dis-
tributers' League, - New -York.'
$22 WEEKLY salary and expenses for men
. with rigs to sell . poultry % compound. Im-
perial Mfg. Co., 'Dept. 54, Parsons, Kan.
APPRENTICE in assaying and mining chemls-
~ ,'try; must be over 20; no salary first year.
Box 1244. Call office. : ,
RELIABLE, intelligent man as' valet who un-
derstands massage; . state age; references.
; Box 1263, Call office.
WANTED— A flrst-class blacksmith* finisher.
2335 Pine sL
FLATS TO LET.
NEW, elegant corner flat of 8 rooms and bath;
inlaid floors; electric lights- free; rent reason-
able; NW. Page and Broderick. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st
NEW, elegant flats of 7 and 8 rooms and bath
each; everything up-to-date; Nos. 1S64-1S60-
1868 McAllister st., near Baker; rent is very
cheap. Apply G. H. UMBSEN- & CO:, 14
: Montgomery st. '¦ - . , .
6 RMS., nr. 6th... .$16 6 rms., Haight....$2r.
*5 rms,, Howard.. $15 i 7 rmi., Webster. . .$25
« rms.. Ellis $18 10 rms.. Bush... $47 50
SPECK. & CO., 667 Market at.
SW. CORNER Pacific and Mason its.; sunny
fleer of 7 rooms and bath; modern; 2 clos-
ets.; un-to-date; rent $35. BURNHAM &.
MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st
AN elegant upner flat, G eunny rooms and
basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts. : half block from Market
Et. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth; very desirable
flat of 5 sunny rooms; Just completed; modern
improvements; convenient to Twenty-fourth
and Castro st. cars; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED upper flat 4 sunny rooms, bath,
porch, $22. 913% Capp st. near Twenty-
fourth; no children.
4-ROOM upper flat, $10. 329 Harriet- St., bet
Sixth and Seventh, Brannan and Bryant; no
¦ children. .
SACRAMENTO. 3430— Nice new upper - flat.
5 rooms, bath and washroom; $25. MADISON
6 BURKE.
MASONIC ave., bet. Halght and Page— Sunny
flat, 7 rooms; up-to-date; Just completed.
Key at premises. •
SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms, bath and alcove;
rent reasonable. 13 Beaver St., half block
from Market and Sixteenth.
HERMANN, 75 — 6 large rooms, basement;
modern; adults; "reasonable.
MODERN flat; 6 fine sunny rooms; bath; base-
.ment; yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Farrell.
$18 — LOWER 1315 Eddy, near Buchanan; 5
rooms and bath. NICOL, 410 Kearny st
PARTY to take furnished flat, 6 rooms, and
board man and wife; refs. 2084 Market st.
NEW cozy and sunny 5-room flat; corner 26th
and Treat ave. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
BEAUTIFUL UD-to-date flat; 6 rooms, bath
and yard. 2323 Eush Bt.
HAYES, 17C1. near Park — Modern, sunny up-
per flat: 5 rooms, bath; $20; water free.
$12 — SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms, bath, yard.
3885 Twentieth st; near Church.
ELEGANTLY furnished flat of 7 rooms and
bafh; piano; rent reasonable. Box 1240, Call.
MCALLISTER, 637 — 3 nice large sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable; no children.
TO let — Two 4-room flats; rent $12 50. 714
Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
UPPER part of house, 5 rooms and bath; rent
$17 50. 9 Elgin Park. ,
BOWIE ave., 5. off Eleventh st. — Flat of 3
rooms; cheap rent to a email family.
CARL, 258 — Yard, basement, sunny, front;
beautiful view of park; just completed.
PLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
SUNNY corner upper flat; elegantly furnished;
7 rooms and bath. 237 Webster st. ; call 12-5.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517 — 4 rms., bath; gas range;
garden: $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR -, SALE.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale; bargain
3815 Seventeenth st.
VALENCIA. 209— 1st floor furnished. 4 sunny
rms.; cook and gas range; telephone, bath.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTO MAX 1420 California st^pays" highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc.; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkln 956. •
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work In making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st; tel. Bush 421.
— ______ _
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
TO LETT " ¦ " • ;
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery. I
MODERN house; 7 rooms, bath, $12 50 to good
tenant 307 Faxon ave.; take car to Ingle-
slde. ., . . ...
2-STORY house; north side. Call at 2026 Bush
st. bet 9 and 12 and 1 and 6 p. m.
TO let — $35; 10-room house and bath; sunny
side. 1449 Devlaadero st. cor. Geary.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
MCALLISTER, 38—5 room3 with all modern
Improvements; newly furnished.
HELP XV ANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 chambermaids, flrst-class country hotel,
tree fare ..$20
fare : ...$20
Chambermaid, city $25
Chambermaid, to wait, resort, free fare.. $20
i Chambermaid to wait plain country hotel. $20
, Chambermaid, Santa Barbara, fare advanced
$20
-Fancy ironer, springs, free fare both ways
Starch ironer, country "laundry. .... $1*6 week
4 waitresses, Bartlett Springs, free fare both
ways .......$25
2 waitresses, Byron Springs $20
2 waitresses. Pacific Congress Springs, fare
one way $25
2 waitresses, Shasta Springs, fare paid.... $20
3 waitresses, same summer resort, fare paid
$25
2 waitresses, Arizona, free fare. $2o
Laundress, plain place, country, fare paid
' $20
Waitress, cafe, city, nice place $30
50 waitresses, country, city and resort hotels
•••••••* • $25
Bookkeeper, restaurant, found and '. .820
German girl, wait on bakery, San Rafael.j>25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ....
Cook, small . American family, country, 4
others in help, party here 10 a. m. Monday,
. $35; ranch cook, party here, $30; housegirls,
San Mateo, ' Mountain View, Capltola, Hay-
: wards, San Jose and city, $20-$25; cooks,
housegirls. nursegirls, second girls
, C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Bet. Kearny st and Grant ave.)......
A— PLEASE TAKE NOTICE— If you are a
waitress or a chambermaid, or a chamber-
maid who can wait on table one meal, and
want work we can give It to you in any part
of- the State, whether it is In a resort,
spring, commercial hotel, country hotel or
for the city; therefore call and see us; high-
est wages paid and fares paid to the coun-
try .'.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush Bt
(Bet. Kearny st and Grant ave.) ......
FOUR good waitresses for Santa Cruz, $25
fare paid both ways; 2 waitresses for Bart-
lett Springs, $25; 2 waitresses for Napa Soda
Springs, $25 and fare paid both ways. MISS
r.PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St. near Powell.
A— GOOD, strong housework girl, small family
in country. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter
St., near Powell. . ¦
WANTED — A competent young lady as assist-
ant bill clerk; must be accurate at figures
and a good penman; permanent position for
right person. Apply In own handwriting giv-
ing references and stating salary expected •
Box 1285. Call office/ .. '
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work taught in 'i weeks, $4 50; posltions'guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
lng. College 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15. -
WANTED— A ¦ few brls-ht women I to form
classes for study along Interesting line of
thought; can be made remunerative Box
1238, Call. 1 . ., ... ¦
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; hairdresslng mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-.
sltlons guaranteed stores and private ;day, eve.
LADD3S ito" learn barber trade; only - two
months required; - special , offer this "month-
hairdresslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. .. MOLER System College. 635 Clay sf
WANTED— Girl for general housework and
ccoklng; 4 in family; no children; small
washing; references. Call Monday, 1636 Lar-
kln Bt. (J ' , ,
LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
, assertion: good opportunity for right party.
F.' PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.'
EXPERIENCED stenographer and office as-
sistant Apply wholesale department; salary
$30. LUD. ZOBEL CO., 943 Market St.,
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' neckwear;
. good wages ; steady work. BAUER BROS
¦ CO.. 21;Sansome st. . -
WANTED— Able woman for Important position
. for „! six ¦'¦ months; permanent ¦ if . satisfactory
Box 1214, Call office. ¦ .„ ¦; . '. -,-. .
EXPERIENCED hands and - apprentices on
' men's neckwear. L. SAMTER & SON, ' 618
hV>-: , : H . ' ,' ;¦ ¦¦¦. -:..-.¦
YOUNG lady wanted for office work. I Address
: ¦ ¦ JF .-• S., box 1260. Call of flc». : v
LODGING HOUSES FOIt SALE-^-Con.
bargainsTgenuine~snaps. .
The following houses must be sold within S
days; will sell on easy payments:
9 rooms; rent $50; down town; transient.
11 rooms; rent $30 ; mixed furniture.-
16 rooms: rent $77 50; fine furnishings. '
27 rooms; rent $140; fine transient.
85 rooms; rent $05; mixed furniture. .
SCHWEINHARD, ,
No. 917 Market st.. bet. 5th and 6th sts.
TO buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established -office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th. J /
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
23 ROOMS; good furniture; rent $35; newly
painted and papered; new plumbing; owner
occupies 5 rooms; Income $97: price $1000.
50 rooms; new building; new and elegant
furniture; new carpets: rich velvet and body
Brussels; fashionable' location: electric ele-
. vator and all modern conveniences; full of
. first-class roomers; clears $200 per month: 5
years' lease. MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Mrkt.
A— SPECIAL. SPECIAL— A
Must sell In 5 days: prominent corner north
' of Market; 26 rooms; fine furniture; rent $90;
lease if desired; clears $90. and owner uses
r> of the best rooms; positively the best prop-
osition in the city; see this early and make
. offer. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market st ;
phone Jessie 2211.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st; and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Eush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busl-
; ness to sell, list with us; we have bargains in
• hotels, lodging-houses, all sizes and prices;
no trouble to show houses.' Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1% per, cent.
HOME Realty, S73 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
$1500 — 3S-room housekeeping: snap; low rent.
$3500 — First-class; 34-room bay-window ele-
gantly furnished house; must be sold at once.
,- $2500 — 20-room house; fine furniture; paying.
$1050 — 21-room house; central: low rent; full.
$900 — 14-room house; clean; paying house.
Large Market-st. house; about 60 rooms.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. — (Inc.). .'.Phone Davis 281.
Rsllable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and .
loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms ; corner house ; for men 5000
10 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very 'low; bargain COO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at. 1 per cent.
Hotels.- roadhouses. Hats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
21 ROOMS on Kearny St.; 22 rooms near Kear-
ny, only $000; 12 rooms, Turk; 10 rooms. Ma-
son; 30 rooms. Grant ave.; 76 rooms, Howard
et. ; 15 rooms. Market St., $650, and 60 more
houses. Kindly ask for Information. Money
loaned. McBRIDE & CO., 7G5 Market st.
RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st!
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48; sickness 450
30 rooms; fine location; other business.. 650
500 houses for sale.
$90 — NEWLY furnished and renovated. In-
qulre 842 Howard ft. .
SPIRITUALISM.
MATERIALIZING seance Sundajr night 8
o'clock; skeptics invited; admission 60c. DR.
AUGUSTUS FOSTER, 123 Turk st; read-
ings dally.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis st. near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; readings dally; phone Polk 245C.
MRS. i. 3. WHITNEY* clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 11B4 O'Farrell st.. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
MRS: GREEN, direct spiritual messages; facts
on business and ore; names given; future re-
vealed; special 50c. 720 Leavenworth; 10 to 8.
KATIE' HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night; 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing, 50c; Sun-
day eve. 725 C8th st. Oakland. Pj
MRS. SHEEHAN, trance, test medium -.readings
50c. $1. 316 Third st; clr. Tues., Frl., 25c.
MRS. HAUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; 50c. 2S Sixth st, room 1.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIUVOYAXTS. ~
PROF. PAUL DESTINE^ ~~
The First Registered, as Well as the First
Graduate Palmist and Clairvoyant
. Ever in San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life; his Information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful end prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness:
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physicians' skill cured without
the use of medicine; there Is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, mediumlstlo
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. : fee reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street 326
A— ISMAR. THE GYPSY, ~
1104 Market st, corner Turk.
Ismar. the Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead: happiness and success
go hand In hand, yet hundreds fall where cus-
cess Is possible were It not for the lack of fore-
sight Into the future; If you are In trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar, for she Is a prophetess of
world-wide fame, and her name has become a
proverb in thousands of homes "made happy by
her aid and advice. Ismar can be -consulttd
dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office. 1104 Market st,
corner Turk.
SPECIAL — Ismar's readings by mall are
fully as satisfactory as those given In person-
three questions answered, $1; full life reading,
$5. Send date and year of birth.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your ltfe correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un.
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. • Tel. Black- 45US).
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" ~
PROFESSOR MARCO.
. Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages; . . -
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post -.St. — 412.
Daily, 10 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays. 2 to 5 p. m.
Readings by mail, 3 questions $1 00.
Your life clearly revealed by Miss Zemdar, the
young and gifted clair. & palmist I have aston-
ished thousands with my wonderfully correct
horoscope of their lives, past, present and fu-
true; I correctly treat your love affairs, domes-
tic - troubles, business and financial success ;
names given; ladles, 50c; gents, $1; hours 10-9.
217 Eddy st.
RETURNED — The eminent palmist and clair.
voyant, PROF. MONTAGUE, Is at the\Ed-
inburgh,' 239 Powell st., cor. Geary, rooms 1
and 2, and can be consulted on all business
affairs, lov<\ marriage, etc.; hours, 10 to 12
1 to 5, 7 to 8 dally and Sunday 2 to 5. '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1 ; palm, and clair. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lBt; readings by mall. 1016 Market st.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MIES M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market St.. Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; read-
Ings daily this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIB. photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
' era and plates; do your own developing. C09
Turk st -,¦-.. •¦•'.'; ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 2!">c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader, la. 25c •
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant and palmist; truth
or no pay; 25c up. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. T 521% Eddy.
OLDEST palmist and card reader In city; la-
dles 25c; gentlemen, COc. 1032 Market st
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 448% Jessie. st. bet. 5th & 6th.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and'- high, psychlst;
. hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st
MKS. - BROWN, clairvoyant card reader;, ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. '132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, 25c; hours, 11
1 to 8. C25 Minna Et
MEETINGS THEOSOPHICAL.
THE Theosophical Society. Golden Gate Lodge
— Public lecture tc-night in Flood building,
at 8 o'clock, by Miss M. A. Walsh; subject,
"Death, and After."
AGENTS WANTED.
EARNEST, reliable stock and investment sales-
man to present high-class investment to mid-
dle and better class of investors; liberal ar-
rangements to right man. Box 1318, Call.
55 TO $10 day easily made selling celebrated
Perfection Flavoring Powder; agents wanted.
Call or ad. Long Bros.. S50 Broadway, Oakld.
AGENTS— Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ADOPTION. ¦
A. GOOD home open for a girl baby from one
month to 2 years old. DR. EMILE FUNKE,
Maternity Villa. 141(i Eighth St.. Alameda.
; «A^l^JDnjEAM^CJJEE^E j;^^^
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable. by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
ketw. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1200 Sutter St.
,^^. L j,^^ A ! JL !?'5?*f?!!'^-X?.-,, A .'F. 1>A^ Vt . -.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 1« yrs.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 8C5. 819 Market Bt.
J. M. TH.URSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty. -
ADVICE tree; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W. W.Davidson. 927 Market.
JOHN li. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free: no fees In advance.
IIICVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN ha* best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. ::05 Market. IOCS to 1974 Page.
BOOKS — mZXVJ'AXJP' OLD. ?
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 114!) Market: tel Howard ll)4«.
MoA>ttii^ t ' _yy R . .V-ff t<imiBa '':
WANTED — A child to board in a private fam-
ily :_ref erences_f urnished._571_Bryant st^
HUSIXESS CHANGES.
joseph^straueT
A — Mechanics' hotel; 20 rooms; rent $55; 5
years' lease; clears $150 to $200 per month.
Old established saloon and lodging-house; 14
rooms; never empty; good location.
Partner in good bakery; large trade.
Branch bakery in good (locality.
Grocery and bar; good corner in the Mission.
Lodging and boarding house on Pine et.
Good paying restaurant; one block north, of
Market; on account of ill-health.
Saloon and merchants' lunch house in whole-
sale district
Delicacy store; neighborhood of Powell and
Geary sts.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
$1C5O — RAILROAD hotel, 40 rooms; 3 years'
lease; rent $100.
$2500 — Saloon and 31 rooms, near Market; 2
rears' Iea.«e; rent $117. ¦
$2U00 — Saloon, coffee and chop house. 16 fur-
nished rooms; 4 years' lease.
$1200 — Saloon, fine corner, south of Market;
iVt years' lease.
$1400 — Lodging house on Kearny, near Mar-
ket; 21 rooms.
Saloon. North Beach, near large factories.
Particulars. 016 Market Bt.. room IS.
THE COAST REAL ESTATE. 7S3% Market St.
$400 buys Market-st. restaurant; worth $700.
$SO0 — 20 acres of fruit and wheat land; half
mile from Corning village.
$1000 buys 30-room hotel close to city; 70
boaiders; good bar trade.
We have several saloons from $300 to $600.
Special bargains in lodging-houses this week.
$125 — Office business; a snap.
7 THE COAST. 783 '.a Market St.
$2700 CASH buys leading delicatessen and res-
taurant in Sacramento; location center of re-
tail district; ttade- steady and select; refer-
ences exchanged; income and reasons for sell-
ing on application; a splendid opportunity for
man and wife; correspondence solicited be-
tween now and 1st of August. Address "A,"
P. O. box 520, Sacramento.
A— $800; RESTAURANT in one of the finest
localities in the city; cause of selling, sick-
ness. LOONE1' & CO.. 14 Third Bt
$400 — DELICATESSEN store; must be sold;
cause of selling sickness; this Is really" a
sacrifice. LOONEY & C<X, 14 Third Ft
RESTAURANT — A golden opportunity for a
wide awake, up-to-date caterer, with means
to take hold of a select bay city hotel cafe,
now doing -best business there; most of rental
taken in board; correspondence solicited up to
July 15 by CAPT. H. H. TODD. Alameda.
FOR SALE— Small grocery; Haywards; good
stand; clean stock; established trade of $1000
per month; invoiced stock with fixtures
valued about $1200. For particulars apply
to S. D. WARREN & SON.
OL r R progressive style turf speculation aver-
ages 18% weekly; shares $10 each; money
withdrawn any time: dividends weekly. Par-
ticulars address SOLLITT & CO., Beard
bids.. New York. • • .
00% average monthly profit under our system
turf -speculation; shares $10 each; dividends
paid semi-monthly; sand for circular. White
& Co..S8 Pulitzer big., N. Y*. (Mention paper.)
OLD established corner grocery and bar; fine
stock and fixtures; 2 cash registers; must be
sold by July 1; a bargain; owner going East;
no agents. 1122 Harrison st.
$750 — PARTNER wanted; profits $250 month;
good clean business; also one-half Interest in
grocery. ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted In light business
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; too much work for one to look
after. 25 Geary "Et.,- room 4.
ROADHOUSE, 12 rooms and bath for sale
cheap. Apply M. ROTHENBERG, 423 Kear-
ny st. ¦ •
REGULAR physician wants partner with some
means to manage advertising medical instltu-
tlcn. Box 1251. Call.
FOR sale — Outside tea and coffee; very profit-
able; established 12 years; horse and buggy
Apply 2X0 Sixteenth st. Sunday p. m.
$125— RESTAURANT; lunch counters, boxes;
nearly new; fine place and location. D. Mc-
RFA F. CO.. S27 Mission st. _^
MFG. business; machinery and stock valued at
$2000; must be sold In 3 days; any price;
any terms. Address Chance, box 1237, Call.
ALL for $200 — Branch bakery and delicacy
rtore and furniture of 2 rooms; good loca-
tlon; good business; rent $15. 395 Sixth si.
FOR SALE — An old established liquor busi-
ness; good location; large stock; owner re-
tiring; easy terms. P. O. box 6, Fruitvale.
YOUNG man to learn fine mechanical business;
. email capital. Box 1315, Call office.
WANTED— 2 saloons, north of Market st; not
over $1200. 916 Market st, room 18.
FOR SALE — Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
qulre A. BODEMAN. 25 Otis Bt.. Santa Cruz.
WANTED — i saloons and groceries, from $300
to $1500. 910 Market St., room 18.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building-up dis-
\rlct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
WANTED— 1 day saloon in wholesale district;
not over $1500. 916 Market st, room 18.
OYSTER and chop house. 344 Third st; must
be sold on account of departure.
WANTED — 2 saloons and merchant lunch, from
$C00 to $700. 916 Market st, room 18.
FRUIT store, fixtures, $30: 2 living rooms; yard
and stable; rent $15. 1217% Scott st
WANTED — t branch bakeries and 2 small cigar
stores. Call 916 Market st., room 18.
FOR sale or rent — Restaurant with established
trade of $25 a day; owner sick. Call office.
WANTED — 1 grocery store, without bar; not
over $1200. Call 916 Market st, room 18.
FOR SALE^ — Good-payirig home bakery in first-
class locality; bargain. Box 1320, Call.
WANTED — 1 laundry route and 2 ' coal and
wood yards. Call 916 Market st, room 18.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. - < ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
LOnGI>G-HOI7SES FOR SALK.
12~ROOMS; eieiantTflrst-class;cieara $170. $1200
20 rooms; clears $95; only ".•........... 800
32 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
43 rooms; clears $200 '. 2200
18 rooms: Just listed 60O
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate...... 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $1CO. .*. 1300
100 rooms; clears $000 9&00
11 rooms; clears $35 ....'. 350
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN; phone John 531.
_SKM5 Market cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8). !
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st. ~"
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.' •
, 11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms ; sunny; good renter i . 950
8 rootm; *unny flat; corner .V200
11 rooms; downtown: good ...:.... 700
J8 rooms; rent $37 60; make offer.. 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
CORNER house;: 11 rooms;: neatly furnished;
; price reduced to '$300. Apply at '1251 34 Mis-
sion St., ¦ cor. Ninth.
A SMALL sum will give you a partnership in
a business that will clear $100 per week. 842
Howard eU
wf:t.t» WAvrRn — mat.i? — row.
WANTED— 9733
MEN AND BOYS
All classe of woxk In all parts California,
Utah, Nevada and Washington
....... .Wages, $23 to $123 and found
MURRAY ' & READY" S 634-63C' Clay stl
Phone Main 584s
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
SPECIAL TO-DAY
SUNDAY .'
.SPECIAL SHIPMENT TO-DAY SUNDAY.
5000 MEN R. R. WORK
UTAH FREE UTAH
NEVADA FREE NEVADA
Ship Free To-Day
UTAH STATE NEVADA
500 teamsters, see boss here. $2 25 day; 750
laborers, see boss at our office, $2 23 day; 600
rock men, car dumpers, drillers, scraper
holders, etc.; camp cook, R. K. Nevada, free
fare, $60 and found
AT
Utah, Salt Lake Division: Reno, Vista. Wads-
worth, Cluro, Wells, Carlin, Fenelon. Lucin.
Clark, Rokeby. Astl, Iron Point
.... FREE TO-DAY -SUNDAY
SUNDAY ;....
Gold and Sliver... MINES... Gold and Silver
Copper and Coal. .MINES. .Copper and Coal
8 miners, layer gold mine, see boss here.
$82 50; 3 miners, cinnabar mine, see boss
here. $75; 5 miners, south. $75; 4 miners.,
shaft work, gold mine; miner, . sharpen- steel.
$75; 3 carmen, gold mine, north. $60: 10
muckers, good mine. $75; 4 laborers, . mine,
south. $40 and found; 25 laborers, no experi-
ence required, to work around mine, $40 to>
$50 and found; & laborers, good mine, no ex-
perience required, $60; assayer, gold mine, se«
boss here
MECHANICAL
CARPENTERS '. MILLWRIGHTS
3 millwrights, sawmill Co:, see bosa here. $4
day; 3 carpenters, ranch, long Job. fare $1.
$3 day and found; 6 carpenters, plain work,
country, $3 50 day; 4 carpenters. Nevada.
$90, fare returned; 4 carpenters, city, $3 50;
0 boxmakers; 15 blacksmiths, shops, camps,
ranches, sawmills and factories, $;l day. $40
to $60 and found; blacksmith helper, ranch.
$35; blacksmith helper, sawmill, $t0 and
found ; 6 other helpers ; harness maker, ranch.
$35 and found; 2 harness- makers; engineer,
run barley thresher, ranch, $40 and found;
cooper, oil Co.; molder, sash weights.
FRUIT PICKERS
FRUIT PICKERS FRUIT PICKERS
25 men or strong boys to pick fruit, no expe-
rience required; call early. ...$26 and found
10 men and boys to cut apricots in packing
house. ISc hundred
6 experienced dry yard men.... $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS ..."
Here's a Job for You
Stableman, private, country. $35 and found:
stableman and milk, private, see boss hero.
$30 and found; porter, city store, $35; stable-
man, city livery, $40 and found; gardener,
country, $30 and found; 6 young men for
planing mill. $1 60 day; coachman near city.
$35 and found; young- man to drive bakery
wagon; 4 farmers and wives. $35. $45 and
found; married teamster, country, $45 and
house; 12 stablemen, hostlers and buggy
washers; 16 boys to learn trades, work In fac-
tories
795 laborers for different Jobs in all parts
of California; wages $2 to $2 50 day
10 laborers, factory $175. $2 day
67 teamsters, city and country.$2 to $2 25 day
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT ....
75 hay and harvest hands, $1 25. $150 to $3
day; 33 farm hands, steady Jobs, $30; 8 team-
sters, fruit farm, $30 and found; hay balers:
12 teamsters on one of the largest farms la
California, steady Job, $30 and found..
73 milkers. $35 and $40; 6 milkers. Northern
California, $35, fare paid; 3 milkers, Ore-
gon, fare paid; cheesemaker. $40 and found;
cheesemaker. factory; man to learn to maS*
cheesa
32 choremen. $25 and $30 and found; 16 chore-
boys; boy to drlvo power for press, $32 and
found .... «
TO THE MOUNTAINS
Healthy climate Good wages
FARE PAID
Sawmills Yard Woods
760 willing men to work In sawmills, yards,
and woods, piling lumber, learn to run ma-
chines, legging; no experience required.
You'll do.... Wages $30 to $60 and found
25 lumber pliers, $40 and found; 67 Jobs for
experienced sawmill men
HOTELS
BAKERS CAMP COOK9
Camp cook, railroad. Nevada, free fare. $60
and found; 16 camp and ranch cooks, $35 to
$50 and found: 15 cooks, hotels and restaur-
ants, $40 to $60 and found; second cook,
"mine, $40; cook. Arizona, fare paid; 25 wait-
ers, $2*3, $30 and $40 and found; 37 kitchen
hands, dishwashers, etc. ; rorters, bellboys,
elevator boys; 4 butchers: 3 bakers, hotels:
5 bakers, country shops. $50 and found; third
bakers, country shop; bakers' helpers
Get one of our daily lists
Issued every mornir.se 7 a. mj
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st
WANTED — Young man for office; must be
rapid penman and good- at figures. Apply
Monday morning. Superintendent, Emporium.
TRAVELING salesman for California to sell
retail trade; attractive, salable line; estab-
lished bouse. Box 225, Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — Flrst-class, active, proficient floor-
walker for dry goods department. Apply Mon-
day morning, Superintednent The Emporium.
EXPERIENCED elevator boy (electric); no
' Sunday work. Apply 9 a. m. Sunday, room
20, 220 Market st.
EXPERIENCED plumber's helper, $1 B0 day.
Call Monday morning at the building. Nine-
teenth and Folsom sts.
A YOUNG man take care of horse; handy wlta
tools; make himself useful. 770 Folsom st.
WANTED — Strong, active boy to learn sign
and show card painting. PIDGE, 23 Geary.
BOY from 16 to 18 years to work la cloak
house; steady place. 1022 Market st
GOOD bushelman wanted. The Hub, clothiers.
Oakland. - "*
TINSMITHS and sheetiron workers wanted.
Apply 17 Dnimm st'
A— FIRST-CLASS butler, $50. MISS PLUN.
KETT. 425 Sutter St., near PowalL
WANTED— 2 wagon blacksmith's helpers at
. 235 Beale st. *™
GENTLEMAN roommate; large room; central!
cheap. Box 401. Call -office.
WANTED — First-class wagon blacksmith >
steady Job. 537 Brannan st
FIRST-CLASS under presser on rests. 230U
Ninth st
WANTED— Boy for wholesale house. Address,
stating age and experience, box 1289. Call. •
FIRST-CLASS painter wants to buy Interest la
some business. Box 1298. Call office. '
RELIABLE boy for printing office; state wagw
and experience. Box 1241. Call office.
COLORED Janitor, with reference. Apply M
M. SIMINOFF-S. 1228 Market st.
WANTED— Boy. 16 to 18 years of age. wl£a
good city references. Apply at 43 Van Ness.
BOY to assist in exchange for rood home. 6433
Telegraph ave.. Oakland. - r
TO let — Furnished barber shop; small rant.
Twenty-fourth and Alabama sts.
SAMPLES and misfit suits from $30 to 150:
will eell $16 ,to $22. 104 Second it
PROTESTANT boy about 14 to work on ranch 1
good home; small wages. Box 1242. Call. .
GOOD carriage blacksmith and woodworker.
O'BRIEN'S, G. Q. ave. and Pott st
JANITOR for office ¦work; references required.
Box 12C2. Call office.
WANTED; — A practical printer to take chare*
. of manufacturing department In stationer 7 *
store. Box 1217, Call office.
BARBERS— Half Interest In good paying thof
In one ot the best towns In country. DECK.
ELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry roods wrapper.- Apply bet 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS'. . ¦
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy aad
push; good opportunity for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. - -£. • •
SOLDERERS, boys and girls. Apply Amer-
ican Can Co., factory Seventh and Towcsend
sts., San Francisco.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cat*
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call. . . .
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured, $15 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School, Phila.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted, also boy to leara
plumbing, at 3230 Eighteenth st
ELDERLY confectioner to assist In bakery.
Box 1221. Call office. -
VARNISHER and polisher; flrst-class man.
The FINK & SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market.
WANTED — Honest man with $75: take cash.
¦ restaurant. $40 month. BROWN. 1221 Market.
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
$2 25 per day. A?ply 212 Ninth st.
COO PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size .5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
big. Paat Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army •hoes,
COcup; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart ft
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting' 23a
to 50c. 563 Mission at. fret. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL- sizes men' s shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 room?, 25c sight; reading-rooms:
free bus g nd * baggage to and from - ferry.
For Employment Wanted, etc., Sea
Pasre Thirtir-Foux.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
tntU 12 o'clock fvery night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street
ccrner Clay; epen until 9:30 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. v; ?
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
fiCl Market street corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 8 b. m.
JC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets : open until 9 p. m.
2?C0 Fillmore street : open until fl p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gats Commandery .*
No. 30 K. '£.. Golden Gate building, *3g^
C25 Sutter st. — Officers and members ffTj
are hereby notifk-d to assemble in full «js
uniform at the asylum TO-DAY, at ~
12:45 o'clock, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late frater. Sir JOHN
KIMBLE CARLTON HO BBS; services will
be conducted by the corr.mandery.
R. B. MOORE, Em. Com.
T1IEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
MOUNT Moriah Lodse No. 44, F. and m
A. M. — Officers and members are re- ~M\-
ppectfully requested to assemble at 7£/f
2050 Santa Clara ave., Alameda, TO- / 1
DAY (SUNDAY), at 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of attending the obsequies
of our late brother. JAMES HUNTER.
The funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215. F. and
A. M By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
ALT A Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F. — <^aiB».
Very ir.:i nrtant meeting MQN- r§£v5S5$5c2
DAY, June :M. Every member -^iySEta-Jj
requested to attend. "<w« w
A. J. ZOBEL, N. G.
W. E. STEVENS. Roc. Sec.
WOODMEN of the World. . ¦¦ d J
Goldrn Gate Camp No. </jf \ -v.. . . 7WL \
M — Members are hereby /r-^^ry\p^i£f ZtHu ¦
notified to attend the ESfciHSsfiSsS^J i
fi:r.c-r;i! of our late npiKh- %5£^Jrn™'™' r 'S/*"^ ¦
,bor. HARRY G. HOL- i
LAND, from the parlors of .H. F. Suhr «L j
Co.. 1137 Mission Bt., SUNDAY. June 29. at 1
10 o'clock a. m.
TKOS.. J. BARRY, Consul. Commander.
P. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
JULY 4 FRIDAY . JULY 4 o^
21st grand gathering and games of J** L§UJ
the San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club at Shell Mound Park, Bertte-
ley; ail the amateur and professional cham- I
Iiions of the coa^t; pipers, dancers, vaulters, !
jumpers, runners, hammer and Bab^r throw- |
crs, quoiting match; grand tug of war con- i
test, Oakland vs. San Francisco; 4 events in
charge of the P. A. A., vaulting with pole,
ha!f mile race, broad Jump and 350 yard j
dash, for elegant and costly medals; sword
dance, reel of Tulloch, Highland fling and
grand Highland reel; men in costume; Irish
jie and reel, sailors' hornpipe; great two-
mile bicycle race and numerous other inter-
esting events. )
Grand display cf fireworks at night; set j
pieces, bombs, rockets and many other pieces; j
the best disrilay that can be had from the J
California Fireworks Company, the days
sports coaling the club $3000. Buy your tick-
ets for Shell Mound; adults 50c children i5c. 1
for day and night; see programme.
GAMES COMMITTEE.
£T. ANDREWS Society will cele- v «y >T
brate the anniversary of the JMrth ;*•, cS^f/J
of SIR WALTER SCOTT on FRI-
DAY EV'G. 15th August, at Scot-
* tish Hail; an address v. ill be delivered by
JOHN D. McGILVRAY. Esq., illustrated by
stereoptieon views; tongs, recitations, etc.,
followed t'j' a s r »ciai dance.
LITERARY COMMITTEE.
THIRTY FIRST Annual Picnic of Portuguese
Protective and Benevolent Association, SUN-
DAY June :», 1902. at Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley. First class band has been en-
paged lor this occasion; also a fine string
band for dancing in upper hall in the Azor-
ian stj'le. Admission to the Park, 25 cents;
rhildren under 12 years, free. Association
leaves on 10 a. m. beat.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
A regular summons meeting of all carriage
owners ot San Francisco was held on Tues-
day evening:, June 24, 1002. and the follow-
ing resolution was adopted: That on and
after the 1st day of July, 1902, rates of car-
riage hire for parades will be as' follows:
For a carriage drawn by two horses. $6. and
for a carriace drawn by four horses. $12.
cnrncH services.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia sts. — Rev. John Hemp-
hill, D. D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge,
associate pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock; Dr. Hemphill will preach; topic. "A
Hopeful Sign of Our Times." Evening ser-
vice at 7:45 o'clock; Mr. Eldredge will
preach; sermon topic, "Perilous Times."
Sunday schools at lo a. m. and 12:30 p. m. ;
Y. P. C. E. at 0:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. Dr. Hemp-
hill will preach this (Sunday) evening at the
Second -street Mission.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st— Rev. William
Kirk Guthrie, pastor. Services at 11 a. m.
aad 7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach both
mornir.g and evening, Sunday school at
12:45 p. m. ; Christian Endeavor at 6:30 p.
m. Wednesday evening prayer meeting at 8
o'clock. All are cordially invited.
UNITARIAN Church (First), SW. cor. Geary
and Franklin Et5. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt
minister; Charles A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school is
closed. The morning service is at 11 o'clock,
liev. George W. Stone, field secretary of the
Unitarian Association, will preach; subject
"Thoughts for the National Holiday." The
choir and chorus will render special muBic
H. Eretherick, organist and director. The
church will be closed during July. All are
cordially invited. There is no evening ser-
vice.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough ste.—
Rev. F. W. Clarnpett. D. D., rector. Ser-
vices, holy communion, 7:30 a. m. ; morning
prayer and sermon, 11 a. m. : evening prayer
and sermon, 4 p. m. : a brief organ recital
will be given immediately after the 4 o'clock
service. Strangers cordially welcomed at all
services.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes end Buchanan ste.^
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "Thunder, an Angel; or the
Voice of God?" and at -7:45 p. m. on "A
Gate, a Way, a Destination." Good music.
Seats free. All invited. Sunday school at
12:45 p.m. " Epworth League at 0:45 p. m.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH.
Poet near Webster Bt. — Rev. F. B. Chemig-
ton. pastor. At 11 a. m.. preaching by pas-
tor. 7:15 to 8 p. m.. vesper service. Sunday
school, 9:30 a. in., Morris Marcus, superin-
tendent.
A MAES meeting of unusual interest for men
only will be held at the Young Men's Chris-
tian Association Auditorium, Mason and
Ellis etreets, this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Seats free to all young men.
THE Thecsophical Society (Colonel H. s.
Oicott, president founder). Pacific Coast
headquarters Odd Fellows' building. Public
lecture to-night at 8 o'clock by Miss Jessie G.
Brodie; subject. "The Astral Body." Public
meeting Thursday afternoon at 2:30. Lend-
ing library open daily from 1 to 4 p. m.
HERMETIC Brotherhood — Open meetings,
Thursday, 3d prox., 8 p. m., 509 Van Ness
ave. Th^y who move as one imitate the
Father, who Is omnipotent and omnlflcent
MEETINGS SCXDAY\
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall. PythTan Castle
003 Market st. Subject "The Humanity of a
King"; followed by beautiful views of Lon-
don and Windsor Castle: fr«e tickets will be
distributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitar-
ium Tuesday evening; remember the Ques-
tion Box. i-neclal music.
NO one living can «xcell PROF. GEE In his
spiritual platform work; PROF. GEE, the
startling and mystifying platform medium,
will hold cne of his sensational spiritual
test meetings at the Austrian Hall to.-night;
r,07 Sutter st.. corner Pcwell; first meeting,
2 p. m.: second meeting, 8 p. m.; good mu-
sic; admission cniy JOc.
BROCKWAY. 10C2 Ellis st, materializing se-
ance to-night, 50c; you can see and recog-
nize your spirit friends: no dim shadows but
lull torrer, In strong light Phone Pfclk 2456.
REGULAR monthly lesson lecture "Sugges-
tion," Henry Harrison Brown:' illustrated
wJth good subjects: Odd Fellows' bldg. 8 p
m. sharp; music; admission 25c.
AT 117 LARKIN to-nlght^-Church and mes-
Mses by Dr. Wheeler. Mme. Vlgars, Mrs.
• Set-ley. Fongs by Miss Tracie ; admission 10c.
A— TESTS; front ball. 909 Market; 11, free-
2. Dr. Foster, others; 8. Wilson, Casa.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance, 8pm
50c. 1064 Bush; tel. Larkin 4133.
V.'.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.; 10c: sittings dally. 148 6th »L
MRS. STODDARD'S acknowledged • tests for
all; circles 10c; Sun.. Tues. readings. 278 9th.
Attend Mrs. Harland's circle to-night, 10c: pro-
r-^etic readings; ladies 50c; cents $1. 132 Cth.
A BRANCH efflee for Call advertisements an1
mbecriptlons has been established at 1033
Vnlerx-la ft.
SU3VDAV LECTURES. ~
REMOVED to 424 Ellis st — "How to Read the
• Men Around Us." free lee. by Mrs. May Van
Auken. to ladies only, followed by readings
of heads, faces and hands; 8 Monday eve.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd
Fellowe' Hall, Seventh and Market sts.; Mrs.
a. 8. Ullle. fpesSer; admission free,
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
A— ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
y palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
\ cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
C p. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full Ufa '
$5; send Jock of hair, datfe and year of birth.
A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; . makes
hanpv and speedy marriages In 9 days. 10 to
8 dally. 1010 Mission St.. near Sixth.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market St.; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 027 Market st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
AT THE McDO"#ELL DRESSMAKING AND
MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Leading system of dress cutting.
Best course in millinery.
Depot for latest patterns.
__, 1019 Market st., above Sixth.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
/corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
CARPET BEATIXG AND i CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson ICarpet Co — Cleanlng2%cyd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market,bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO LET. _^
NEAT little homes; ten minutes from Union
Iron Works; 5 minutes from Kearny St.;
Clarence place, off Townsend st, between
Second and Third sts; 4 rooms; rent $12. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
$70— ELEGANTLY furnished cottage; 5 room??,
bath, basement, piano, phone, wood and
gas ranges: nice locality: must be seen to be
v appreciated. Box 1007, -Call.
CAPP, 919 — Cottage 4 rooms, bath; basement,
suitable for bottling beer; with or without
barn.
A NEW story and half cottage, 6 rooms and
bath, modern. 3952 Nineteenth St., bet. Noe
and Sanchez; near two car lines.
CLEAN, sunny cottage, 4 rooms; large yard;
basement 22 Rtngold st, bet 8th and 9th.
$14 — 5-room cottage on Cottage Row, nr. Bush,
bet. Butter and Bush. Inquire 2111% Bush st.
DENTISTS^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty :gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free,$4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fllllngs,50c;
plates, $5, full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
THOROUGH work guaranteed by The New
York Dentists, DR. PERKINS, president,
corner Sixth and Mission sts.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
1fAgj;V EDUCATIONAL.
heTl^s~^ch^oX"of^e1Sc^k5al^e^gi^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1; Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege. 1236 Market st.
AS we have 20 unfilled applications on file for
bookkeepers and stenographers, business men
are requested not to call on us for help be-
fore July 10. S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 1236
Market Et.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
¦all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. ' Phelan building. ." . , .'
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined Fhort-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official. court reporters. 1382 Markt
MUNSON School of Shorthand and Typewrit-
ing, 137 Montgomery at.; standard eystcms
taught; public school students finished; spe-
cial rates.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st, for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship. $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
fler Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARTISTIC singing and piano; rapid method;
$5 mo.; 2 lessons wk. Box -999, Call office.
PIANO and singing;- Paris professor: children
specially; les. home or studio. Box 1303, Call.
BALLROOM or stage dancing taught; classes
1 Monday & Friday evgs. IRVINE'S, 421 Post.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.deslres puplls.Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School ActIng,120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo.- 1024 Mlsslon.nr.Oth.
VIOLIN. Mandolin} guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F.,
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange racket store for chicken ranch
Box 12S6, Call office. . ¦.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor, i PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
WANTED — Sums of $10,000 and under; very
profitable, solid, sure; take money and profits
out If wanted; like savings bank; big men,
big money In It. Box 1312, Call office. ¦
WAGONS. : i'.,. .
50 HEAD at auction — One carload 'Modoc
horses,' consigned by James McCabe; also
one carload ¦ thoroughly broken high-class
driving horses, at Stewart's Horse Market,
721 Howard st, near Third; phone Main 1150.
Monday, June 30. 11 a. m.
FOR Sale — A number of fine driving horses in
use in this city every day; broke single and
double; guaranteed perfect in every way;
prices low. Occidental Horse Exchange, 246
Third st. ¦..-¦.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth Bt ; also buggies, wagons, | har-
> ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at.
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. •
25 SHETLAND ponies for rale; .call before
Monday, Emeryville Hotel, - corner Thirty-
seventh st. and San Pablo ave. . IRA PHER-
SON. . ' : .
FOR sale — Saddle horse, 6 years old; thorough-
bred; can be driven as well; gentle and kind;
price, including saddle, bridle, $100. Can be
seen at 507 Jessie st. near Sixth.
HORSE, $15; buggy, $15; wagon, $20; phae-
ton, $40: double harness, $12 50; single, $5;
lady's saddle. $7 60. 79- City Hall ave. "¦ ¦
FO SARLE — 1 heavy . draft horse, sound: and
gentle; price $50. , Apply, at 2410 Harrison
st, bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
1 CARRIAGE team; 1 work team, $.150; busi-
ness end saddle horse. | DALZIEL, 605 G.G.
STYLISH bay mare; young;". fine saddle and.
buggy horse. S. BONN," 309A Clementina st
CAMP wagon for hire; tent, cooking utensils,
¦j. etc., complete. 2020 Polk st. .
FOR sale— Horse, harness and top bupgy, $65. 1
1327 Pierce Bt, bet O'Farrell and Ellis. V.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
:, STEWART'S HORSE MARKET, 721 Howard.
FOR SALE — New and 2d-hand surreys, bug-
gles, etc. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Fine canopy-top surrey;. also, fine
open surrey, at Nucleus Stable, 187 Stevenson.
FOR sale— Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.'
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st ¦¦,
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN'Al express wagon;' single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission ! Bt.W
EHttft » 1, ¦¦ftfrgftft 'nr-nfnnf-ni.ri'*.iiTir. tin.. 1 ...... -THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902;
33
REAL. ESTATE— CITT--FOB SALE.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO. , 9B
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
. 218-220 Montgomery st.
• - .-' . .-,•;¦: •*¦'• *--, •
$5,500r-Owner. absent from city desires to
.' . make quick sale; hasreduced the price
of that modern two-story house on
Steiner st. from $7000 to above low
figurtj of $5500; lot 25x118:9 ft; close
to - Sacramento-st. cable cars and to
. . public square on Clay and Steiner sts. ;
a particularly desirable purchase for
any one needing a modern home in the
Western Addition; very good neighbor-
hood. . ¦¦ - . ;"-v- r >- ;
LOTS AT. BARGAIN 'PRICES. .
$1,500 to $2000 — Block bounded by Post, Brod-
erick and Geary .sts. ;. 25x137:6 ft.
•jach; corners at slight Increase. . -
$9,500 — Pine St., near Octavia; sunny side;
modern home, 10 rooms and bath; lot
- 28x137:0 feet; must be sold.
$10,000— Leavenworth st, nr. Washington; fine
¦ residence, 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
45:0x97:6 feet; a. positive bargain.
$4,750 to $5250-^-FIIlmore St., near Eddy; fine
building lots; extra width; 21:6x100;
very cheap. ~
$2,600 each — Lyon St., near Clay; fine building
lots; full particulars at this office.-.-.. -
$14,500— Eddy st, sunny side, near Franklin;
substantial two-story ¦ residence of 9
. rooms and bath ; lot 32x120 feet, with
double f rontace.
'. : ¦ ¦ TERMS. •'•.,- ;""c" :
$2,700— $G00 cash, balance $22 50 per month;
best part of Mission; 6-roomed cottage;
large. lot, 50x114 ft. ; splendid value.
$2,500 — Vallejo st, near Pierce, N line; marine
view; lot 25x100 ft.
NEW FLATS.- ¦'.¦
$9,000^ — Sacramento st, N line, near Laurel; 2
- beautiful flats. Just finished; rents $75;
6, 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100 ft.
• - - - .¦ »
- $3,500 — Harrison St., near Seventh: three-story
<l frame building; rents $35; lot 20x60 ft.
J to rear /street; mortgage $1000 can re-
main; a bargain. ._
$11,000 — McAllister st, near .Fillmore; store
and two floors above; two tenants;
rent $85; lot 25x100 ft; $6000 cash
balance 6 per. cent will buy this;
inquire at once, y :
$7,000 — Union St., near Broderlck; marine
view; flats Just built, 6-7 rooms; rent
$50; lot 27:6x137:6 ft.
$3,000 — Clay st, near Lyon; key lot; reaBy
to build on; 27:6x100 feet; a bargain.
$4,750 — Clay St., near Fillmore; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath ; lot 25x
102:8%; best section In the Western
Addition.
$2,300 each— Dolores st., near 15th; lots 23x
95 feet each; ready to build on.
$25,000— Mission St., near 8th; lot 39X160 feet
to rear street; improvements brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
fine investment.
$1,200— One-half of outside land block: 212x
240 feet, irregular; a bargain for an
investor.
$2,800— Folsom st, near 15th; lot 25x122.06
feet; a bargain.
$3,000— Hayes st., nr. Webster: a 'fine build-
ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for Bale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st, Mills building.
LYON & HOAG ¦ ~~
116 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Send for our compile printed list of property
for sale In all sections' -of the city.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$5,250 — Three fine bay-window flats; ohort dis-
tance from Eighteenth and CXntro sts. ;
6 and ti rooms and bath; lot 23x125;
• mortgage $2250 can remain; a splendid
bargain.
$2,750 — A cheap lot, close to town; Laguna,
near Haight; 25x87:6.
BUSINESS PROPERTY ON DEVISADERO ST
?9,000 — On Devisadero St., near Fulton; 82:6x
90; offered at a low price to close an
estate.
CHEAP FLATS IN THE MISSION.
$4,500 — Submit offer; two flats of 5 and 0
rooms and bath; rent low at $37: big
Idt. 26x125.
STYLISH RESIDENCE NEAR THE PARK.
$5,500 — Almost new up-to-date house; contains
7 large rooms and bath ; mortgage
$2500; charming situation.
VALLEJO-ST. FLATS. .
$3,300— Rent $32; two flats on Vallejo, near
Larkin, containing 4 and 5 rooms and
bath; brick foundation.
BRAND NEW HOUSE.
$3,350— $500 cash; balance, monthly; contains 6
large sunny rooms, bath and big base-
ment; everything up to date; Twenty-
- .first st; best part of the Mission.
$3,500 — Two nice flats' close to Market and Six-
teenth; contain 4 and; 5 rooms and
. . bath; rent low at $30. >
$10,000— Howard st., not far from 6th; lot 37:6
, xlOO "feet; very good Improvements,
' containing stores and flats; rented low* ¦;
for $57 50; sold to close an estate- a
bargain. •¦ ' ''"'., 1919.
NICE FLATS ON LAGUNA ST. .
$6,200 — Rent $57 50; Laguna, near Vallejo-
contain 6 and 7 rooms; bath, etc. ;
abundance of light and sun; key lot,
30x125.
LYON & HOAG,
, \ r " . 116 Montgomery st.'.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Heirs Anxious, to Sell
EXAMINE THESE PROPERTIES.
Send for Plats. •
Lots north side ¦ of Fulton, street, near 1st
ave., facing the park, 25x1^)7; price $1500.
Block bounded by Frederick, Wiliard and
Carl sts. , overlooking Golden Gate Park; '20
lots; offer wanted. :
Fine lots for flats, McAllister, near Scott,
$2750 and upwards.
; Beautiful marine view, lot north line of Val-
; lejo. near'Scott, 63:1*^x137:6 feet; price $175
I per foot.
A fine Investment; splendid private hotel;
105 rooms and large corner lot down' town'
rent $600 monthly; • price $90,000.
1 == ¦ ¦ ¦ V
Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; Clay st,
between Maple and Cherry; size 25x102:8 feet'
price reduced to $1700.
Only $4000; new. house of 7-asoms and bath
on College Heights; picturesque location; fine
view and sheltered from winds and fog; lot 25
xl50; quick sale ¦ wanted.
Modern flats; 3 fine, swell flats In Panhandle;
7 rooms and bath each; rent $100; lot 25x
137:6 feet: price $11,000.
A FINE HOME. ¦?'. ':.
Ncrthwest corner on Fell St., facing the
Panhandle; in splendid' condition; 10 rooms;
lot 23x100; price $10,500.
SIXTH -AVENUE LOTS.
Lots on Sixth ave., between Lake and the
Presidio wall ; all graded and ready to build
on: street work Just- completed; this section
! will be built up with fine new residences; see
them before It Is too late; only a limltefi- num-
ber of these choice Jota; price' $1050 per lot.
JACKSON-STREET LOT.
Fine building lot, 95 feet frontage and run-
nlntf back to Presidio wall; marine view; very
cheap; only $75 per front foot : .
Send for our plats of cheap lots In all parts
of town.
McAFEE BROTHERS, .108 Montgomery St.
HOTEL SITE. . '
Beautiful location for a summer and winter
resort; wo offer for sale five acres of land in
sunny Mill Valley, Cal., within 2 minutes'
walk of Mill Valley depot. For particulars
call or address McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery Bt.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
EVER IN THE LEAD!
SEE OUR BARGAINS!
' ONLY $150 TO $250 EACH.
. Ride to corner Mission st. and Brazil ave.
See our level 'lots In Excelalor Homestead.
Near cars; no grading; very easy terms.
$500 to $1000 — Choicest lots In Sunset Dis-
trict; graded and sewered; on installments.
$100 to $400 — Ocean Boulevard lots; $.5 mo.
$400 to $1000— -Richmond lots; all bargains.
$1000 to $3000 — Modern cottages; good loca-
tions; all bargains; same as rent.
Sunset Branch Office, 9th ''ave., near H st.
Open' Sundays and Holidays.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, .
Room 54, Chronicle Building.
J. F. PLUMBE, Real Estate, 1402 Valencia st
cor. 25th. . '
BARGAINS. .
$3500— House, 7 rooms, modern; E side Fair
Oaks, bet. 25th and 26th; lot 20x125:
• $2200-^Cottage,' 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100;
Twenty-sixth st. ¦ - • -.-¦¦•. • .
$1350— Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 25x114; Twenty-
seventh st., near Dolores.'.
. $1500— Cottage, • 4 rooms:' lot 25x100; .' offer
wanted; Sanchez St., near Valley. >, . ¦
: $1300— Cottage, ' 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
St., near Twenty-eighth. * ..• .
' $90Or-Cottage, '3 rooms; lot 20:3x100; ¦ 215'
Palmer st.; above Fairmonnt : School.
$600 each — Two lots, 25x114; Duncan st, be-
tween Sanchez and Noe. • ¦ ; .
>T— ' —- — T — .. .. ' .'". — — .
,NEW 7-room cottage for sale; all modern Im-
provements throughout; must be sold; elec-
¦ trie lights. Apply 233 Precita ave., Mission,
REAL ESTATE^-CITY--rOIl SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY ....July 1. 1902
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market Street.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER:
Northwest corner 18th and Guerrero sts.; one
of the best transfer corners In the | city; 3
stores and 2 flats. 7-8 rooms and bath; rents
$1800- under lease; tenant pays the water;
lease rues for 3& years; lot 27xS0 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 2120-2129 &) Geary St., 100
feet east of Devisadero st. ; '2 substantial ex-
tra well built flats of « rooms, bath and high
basement; rents $780 per annum; lot 27x137 :«
feet
SILVER STREET" FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. 8-10) Silver St., 60 feet
southwest of 2nd, st. ; improvements consist of
4 flats, which at a small expense could be made
to pay big; key lot from 2nd st. 52x70, more
or less.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DE\CE - ¦
North side (No. 2314) Clay St., 209:8 feet
west of Buchanan st. ; an elegant dwelling. 8
rooms, porcelain bath, basement and attic; but-
ler's pantry, pantry closet; modern plumbing;
lot 27x127 :$W, feet
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East side (No. 3241) Mission St., 176:7 feet
south of Fair ave. ; house 5 rooms,' at the Junc-
tion of Valencia and Mission sts.; large lot,
03: 11x163 :« feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 24) Dorland st, 20$ feet wtst
of Guerrero st. ; modern, well-built bay-window
residence of 8 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.; rents $360 per annum; lot 25:8x115 feet to
rear street.
HAIGHT STREET RESIDENCE. •
South line (No. 1011) Haight st, 120 feet
west of Broderlck st. ; modern residence. 8
large sunny rooms, bath and finished basement;
lot 25x120.
KEARNY STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Kearny and Greenwich
sts.; 9 houses renting for $1080 per annum;
grand lot, 37:6x112:6, with L 25X50 feet.
MISSION BUILDING* LOTS.
North line of 24th st, 240 feet west of Cas-
tro St., 6 extra wide building lots In one of the
best portions of the Mission; 24th st. frontase
is prospective business property: entire size of
lot 80x228, through to Elizabeth st;' 24th-st.
•electric cars pass the property.
RICHMOND BWILDING LOT.
West line of 2nd ave., 250 feet south of Clem-
ent st. ; fine large lot. level and ready for build-
1 Ing; large lot, 35x120 feet
! EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
3100,000 — New modern hotel on a northwest
corner of Van Ness ave.; rented un-
der a 5 years' lease for $5400 per
annum.
$25,000 — Rents for $2550 per annum; stores
and flats on one of the best business
transfer corners of Folsom St.; Im-
provements In good condition and al-
ways rented; lot 55x95 feet.
$19,000— Five brand new flats; only half a
block from Van Ness ave., near Sut-
ter st.; rents $2160 per annum; two
frontages.
$52,000— Geary st..near Powell; lot 25x137:0
feet; present Improvements pay $2100
per annum. *
Only $2750 required for a Mission business cor-
ner; the rents will pay for the bal-
ance of purchase price: tho monthly
Installment on principal and interest
is ?41 25; the property rents for $47
per month; Improvements two stores
and cottage; are ia' fine condition;
price $(kwo.
$5,000 — Make offer; two frame buildings. 6
rooms and bath each; high basement,
brick foundation, new plumMng;
rents for $000 per annum ; lot 30x80
• feet; on a main street, 100 feet east
of Fourth str-
$4,500 — Store equipped for bakery, oven, etc.';
four living rooms, stable and a flat
of 5 rooms; part of lot 50x104 feet
vacant;- rents $540 per annum; In a
good part of the Mission.
$3,850— Handsome modern cottage, 7 rooms
and bath, high finished basement,
brick foundation; Improvements in.
first-class condition on Bush st, near
Baker; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$3,000 — Two sold this week, only one left of
those 8-room houses on Folsom St.,
near 25th; lot 25x115 feet to rear
i street; house could easily be con-
verted Into flats; easy terms if de-
eired.
$2,100— Chattanooga st, near 24th; fine cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; this is In
the best portion of the celebrated
Mission warm belt; lot 25x100 feet.
#100 cash, balance $15 per month; modern ar-
tistically built house of 7 rooms and
bath: only one block from, the Mis-
Blon-st electric cars; lots 25x100 feet.
SOUTH OF PARK LOTS.
These Lots Must Be Sold.""
See Them To-day and Make Offer.
$800 — North line of J st, 57:6 feet west of
11th ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
$800 — East line of 13th ave., 175 feet north
'of J Bt: lot 25x120 feet.
$800 — East line of I lth ave., 175 feet north
of L st; lot 25x120 feet.
$700 — North line of K st. 82:6 feet east
of I2th ave.; lot 25x100 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market street.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. *
20 MONTGOMERY ET.
MARKET-ST. IMPROVEMENT.
$108,000 — Near 4th st: 3-story build ing ; se-
cured lease; pays good Interest; great future.
i BRICK BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$36,000 — Rent $310 a month; 3-story brick
building; large lot; double frontage; near
Clay st. , ;
BIG. BARGAIN.
$18,500 — Large corner: Howard, near 6th;
3-story buildlne which alone coBt the money;
former rent $175 a month.
LARGE CHURCH BUILDING.
$6500 — Large lot on Minna, near 4th; can be
altered Into warehouse/stable or flats at small
expense.
PATS BIG INTEREST.
$5500— Rent $60 60 a month; store and flat
near 4th and Folsom; same tenant for 6 years*
a very safe Investment.
A SACRIFICE.
$10,500 — Rent $100 50 a month: choice flat*;
fine location; must be sold this week; close to
Van Ness ave.; large lot; 2 frontages.
ANOTHER GOOD CHANCE.
$6500 — Rent $65 a month; 3 beautiful flats*
low rents: always rented; flats alone worth
the money.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$10,000 — Gough, near California; elegant resi-
dence of 12 rooms and bath and 27:6 ft, lot;
Bold for absentee owner; reasonable offer sub-
mitted.
JACKSON-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE.
$10,500 — Corner residence of 12 rooms and
bath and stable; not far from Alta Plaza.
CHEAP LOTS.
$800—25x100; 16th st, near Market.
$600—54x84; near Point Lobos, with cottage.
BURNHAM £ MARSH CO..
20 Montsomery st.
$1250 — NICE cottage home on Fairmont st.,
near the electric cars; must be sold as
• money is needed; can be bought cheap.
$600— Very cheap lot on which we can ar-
range easy terms; on Hill Bt, near 22d*
building lot.
$175— Cheap lot, near 35th ave. and Point
Lobos; $10 down and $5 per month.
$110 — A lot on Bernal Heights; full par-
ticulars e.t office.
$225— Level and cheap; $10 cash, $5 per
month: Miss!on-st cars; lot 25x100; on
East Park st. ) -. ¦
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery »t.
WILL be offered at a bargain for the next 30
days.
Just completed and for sale, on the north
side of Sacramento St.. between 1st ave. and
Cherry st ; the second . three of those elegant
up-to-date 8 and 10 roem houses; every con-
veniences, fine plumbing, etc. ; easy terma if
desired; through electric cars pass the door
making- connection with all parts of the cltv'-
FELIX MARCUSE, 118 Montgomery st,
y ¦ Artistic Home ' Builder.
$1250— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath; large yard
$2300 — New cottage, 4 ro$mr-and bath; one
• block from cars.
$800 — Cottage of 4" rooms on car line.
All on easy - terms. Inquire D. COFFIN '
8303 Mission st . .
$3250 — PRICE of a nice pair of flats near 26th
and Valencia; owners need the money and
want to sell ; it can be bought at a' bargain
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE for sale of 6 rooms and bath; lot'
25 or 50x100. Apply 148 Highland ave., off
Mission Et
PIERCE st. near Broadway; marine view lota.'
\ THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$12,500— Golden Gate ave.. near Van Ness; j
must be sold to close an estate; lot 25x
120, through to rear street; two flats
of 7 rooms and bath each; rear cot-
tage; rents $87 50 per month.
$20,000 — Vallejo, near Gough; residence of 15
rooms and bath; furnace, etc.; lot 55x
137:6. ;.; ,; V'-V'
$29,000— Turk st. 2 blocks from Market Bt: lot
50x90; cheapest property on the mar-
ket In this locality; will ' pay. hand-
somely with permanent Improvements.
$3,C00 — Excellent . opportunity for large in-
crease in value; a sunny northwest
corner on D and Fulton sts., fronting
Golden Gate Park; size 132:6x200; will
subdivide into 9 elegant lots; this
property has a fine future; now only a
few blocks from terminus of electric
cars; will double In value In the next
year.
$33,000— Vicinity of Sutter and Kearny sts.; 3-
Etory and basement brick building. In
thorough repair throughout; store
leased for 3 years; upper part \ 20
rooms, leased for 5 years; pays now
$2700 per annum, to be Increased; lot
has doable frontage. ;•¦.*¦?-.
$11,000 — New modern residence on Gough st. In
the vicinity of Pacific ave.; basement
with cement floor; storeroom, wine-
room, laundry and servant's room; first
floor contains parlor, sitting-rooms,
dining-room, kitchen, butler's pantry;
second floor contains 4 sunny bed-
rooms, bath and large closets; unfin-
ished attic.
Further particulars at office.
$5,250 — Rents $45 per month; '2 bay-window
flats on Oak st., near Buchanan; lot
27:6x75; owner compelled to sell; a
bargain.
$8,50# — Church-st. flats, near Eighteenth; two
,• . eflegant Cats, with every modern con-
venience; gas and electric lighting
- complete; lower contains five rooms,
bath and pantry; upper, six rooms and
bath , on one floor and four chambers
above, with hot and cold water; din-
ing-rooms wainscoted and beamed cell-
ing; walls and ceilings tinted and fres-
coed; large lot, with sunny exposure.
$7,500 — Reduced from $9000 to make immediate
sale: NW; corner (transfer) of Thir-
tieth and San Jose ave.; splendid Im-
provements; 2 stores below, flat above;
rents $60 per month.
$4.250 — Austin st., near Bush and Franklin;
2 well built flats, always rented: pays-
$40 per month; a splendid small In-
vestment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
' 10 Montbomery st.
$250 AND UPWARD.
MONTHLY PAYMENTS IF YOU PREFER.
Near Union and Risdon Iron Works, Tubbs
Cordage Factory, Sugar Refinery and lands
purchased by Santa Fe. located on 23d, Mis-
f Fourl, Texas. Mississippi, Indiana and Min-
nesota BtS.
BUY BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Take 3d-st cars, get off at Kentucky and 23d.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
_ 10 Montgomery^st
BUILDING LOTS.
- - GehJen Gate Park Frontages.
Bound to be most valuable, same as in Eastern
and European cities. Available Park sites
will prove the choicest and most select resi-
dence prcoerty In San Francisco.
We offer on very easy terms a few lots fronting
. the Park; street and property on official
grade; marndamized and sewered; plar.k side-
walks; street lamps: gas and water, and on
electric road: for very low prices.
Remember, we have only a limited amount of
lots, and we recommend them as good bar-
gains: pet in before prices are raised. Ap-
ply at our branch office.
"SUNSET DISTRICT,"
South of Golden Gate Park, cor. H st and
Ninth ave.. opposite main Park entrance to
music stand. Open every day, Sundays and
holidays. Our apent? there are always ready
with horse and buggy to show properties.
BALDWIX & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. opp. ' Kearny.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property for Absentee
Owners.
Investments, $2500 to $875,000.
Residences, $2000 to $150,000.
Unimproved property in all parts of the city.
$70,000 — One-third block from Market st. and
close to Hibernia Bank; stores ' and
lodging-house; lot 72x77 ft.
$67,500— Brick building; stores and offices; lot
7CxlCS feet; 2 frontages; rents $575.
$63,000 — Geary-Bt. Investment; -1 it, blocks from
Market et.; 2 frontages.
$35,000— McAlllater-st corner, 85x9S; good Im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
funa.
$35,000 — Sansome-Bt. corner; 70x130 feet; rents
5257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 0
flats: building cost $25,000; lot 68:9x
71; rents $2450 per year. .
$30,000 — Geary st. near Jones; fine Improve-
ments; rent $185.
$22.500— North Beach gore corner, 76x110 feet;
stores and flats; rents $215.
$18.000— Ellis st., near Larkin; 2 frontages;
rents J140.
$12,500 — Three fine new flats: block from Park
' Panhandle: rents $112 *0.
$10,500— Rents $163; lot 50x80, downtown In-
vestment
$5,500 — Geary-st. corner; 62 feet frontage; half
of property improved; a cheap buy.
LOTS. .
$250— Lot 25x114 feet, near Castro and 27th;
must selL
$1.300— Golden Gate ave., north side; lot 25x
110 feet.
$8,000— Octavla-Et. corner: unsurpassed ma-
rine view; 50x123 feet.
$45,000 — Sutter st., 50 ft frontage; close to the
Lace House.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
CENTER ft SPADER, ~ "
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$7.250 — Rents $71; 3 modern flats on Post Bt.,
5 and 6 rooms; lot 27:6x110.
$4,000 — Very cheap; modern 5-room cottage,
stable: Oak st, near Scott; lot 25x75.
$4.100 — Choice let on Golden Gate ave.. near
Scott; 25x127. «
$4,250 — 311 Castro st, near Sixteenth; hand-
some cottage; 6 rooms, bath, laundry,
Bervant's room and basement; porcelain
bath and sink; this home is a gem; cost
over $5500; lot 30x115; only half block
to Market st
$2,000 each; balance on time; large corner,
Folsom Bt; rents $42 50; lot 35x122:6;
price $5750; a very cheap property;
don't miss It.
$14,000 — Leavenwcrth et., near Pine; substan-
tial inside Investment renting for $1330
per annum; 2 frontages; large lot 40x
60. -
$2,500 — Rents $250; flats on Rondel st, near
Sixteenth: very cheap property.
$5,500 — Rents $600 per annum; modern flats
on Twenty-eecond st, near Valencia, 5
and 6 rooms; never vacant; lot 25x114;
this property must be sold Immediate-
ly.
$8,500 — $720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
ed: large lot, 44x80; Clara st, near
Sixth.
$12.500— Choice NE. cor. Howard and Twenty-
fourth Bts.; modern building; flats and
stores; rents $110; lot 35x92.
$6.000— Rentu $«3; Clementina st, near
Fourth; store «nd flats; lot 25x80; snap.
" CENTER & SPADER.
EUNNYSIDE.
414 Forester ave.; 5-room cottage; $850;
• no payment down; monthly rent $11 90.
26 Circular ave. ; flat of & rooms and store;
store rents for $8; price $1250; no payment
down; same as rent
12 Flood ave.: 5-room cottage, with extra large
lot; price $1250; $50 donw, balance $16 SO
a month. .
16 Flood aye; 5-room cottage, with extra large
lot; price $1250; $50 down, balance $16 SO
a month. San Francisco.
3503 Mission et; store and living-rooms: price
$2200; small payment down; balance same aa
rent. • .
1819 Sixteenth ave.: 3-room house: good lot;
price $800; $50 down; balance same as rent.
211 De Montford ave.. Ingleslde; lot 50x125;
7-room cottage, chicken-houses and barn; one
block from car line; pride $1500; small pay-
ment down; balance same as rent
I also have a few vacant lots for sale on easy
terms.
A. E. RUDELL_ 301 California Bt
C. L. QUAST 11 Montgomery st.
$18,500 — Mlseion-st business property, near
6th: good future.
$10,500 — Jcssle-Et. flats, close to 6th; always
rented.
$15,000 — Fine large Jot. 60x125, with improve-
ments; Mission et, near 22d.
$8,000 — Folsom-Et. Improvement, between 6th
and 7th; store and flats.
$10,500 — Lyon-st flats, near McAllister; new;
key lot; rents' $95.
$1150 — $350 cash, bal. $11 per mo.; new mod-
ern 4-room cottage and porcelain bath*
hard finish: on car line.
$1250 — $250 cash, bal. f 14 per mo. : new mod-
ern cottage, bath and closet; on car
line: 30 minutes from Kearny.
$1750 — $500 cash, bal. as rent: no taxes nor
Interest: elegant new 5-room cottage;
hard finish; take Ingleslde car to Bra-
illle; open to-day.
WELLS & SAUNDER3, 630 Market.
$4850 — AT a sacrifice; lot 25x124 feet; on Oc-
tavla et, near ' Vallejo; improvements mod-
ern 2-story house of 7 rooms and bath: on
sunny side of street; marine view; owner
will sell *at the above low figure to get out
of debt; mortgage $3200 at. '6 per cent to
bank, which can stand. Apply R. McCOL-
GAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
$650— LOT 25x80, 18th st., near Vermont; cor-
ner, $750; streets sewered and graded.
LOT ready to build on near Twenty-ninth and
Dolores. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
I BEAI. ESTATE— CITY—FOIi SALE.
I G. H. VMBSEN & CO..
- REAL ESTATE.
I (73,000 — Mission st.. between 3d and 4tfi sts.;
I part of lot covered with substantial 3-
; story brick building; with balance of
\ lot improved would pay handsomely;
j 50x100; irregular; 2 frontages^
¦ $05,000 — Rents $435 per month; downtown ho-
1 tei. modern, substantial building of 80
¦ rooms; large lot, 50x137:6.
(»«i» :Tm-Rents $220 per month; choice corner
HKon McAllister St.; good Improvements;
/X_>»^ £2:6x100.
f V-otjOO — Choice corner on Polk St.; improve-
ments consist of 3 stores, flat and
I dwelling; 30x79.
I **Z7,500 — Southwest corner Pine and Mason
i sts.; grand site for hotel or apartment
i house; £2:6x137:6.
A $22,500 — Rents $170 per month: near Van Ness
B ave. ; good improvements, consisting of
3 3-story houses and 2 houses of 4
flats, 2 frontages; 55x120.
JC2.000— Rents $170 per month; California st.
inside of Van Ness ave. ; 3 massive
and elegantly appointed flats of 7-8
room and bath each. Recently built:
27:6x137:6; splendid buy.
|15,000 — Rents $100 per month; near California
and Montgomery sts.; good substan-
tial brick bulMlng; steadily rented;
30x85, with L 15x32:6.
' $14. j00— Rents $105 per month; Hayes st; 3
modern flats of 8 rooms and bath
«>ach; in perfect order and steadily
rented; 35x137:6.
1:2,000— Rents $110 per month: Webster st.:
3 elegant, newly completed flats of 7
. «,^ rooms and bath each; 27:6x100.
$U,000 — Rent* $s» per month; lOth-st. corner;
good Improvements, consisting of 2
_,._ stores and 3 flats: 30x100.
$9,E00 — Rents $65 per month; Hayes St., op-
posite Alamo Square; 2 substantial
and well-built flats of 7-8 rooms and
bath each; all in perfect order; no
expense being spared In the construc-
tion of these flats; key lot 25x137:6.
$S,500 — Reduced from $11500; Webster st. near
Jackson ct.; a substantial 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; 30x117 to
p alley; elegant residence location.
$'.COO— Jfients f66 per month; Noe St., near
It new bay-window flats of
jb-6 rooms and bath each; a splendid
* buy; 25x105.
$6,000 — Fell st, near Webster; old Improve-
ments; a desirable lot to Improve; two
frontages: must sell; make offer.
S5.S00 — Rents $43 per month; Devisadero St.,
near Haight; 2 modern bay-window
flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each;
125x100.
N».100 — Rents $28 per month; near ISth and
Mission sts. ; good improvements con-
sist of store and flat with 5 rooms;
steadily rented; 25x80.
$3,000 — R«nts *30 per month; near l"5th and
Howard sts.; 2 fiats of 4-5 rooms and
bath each, in perfect order: 25x80.
$300 cash — A 2-story house of <$ rooms and
bath: located In warm belt of the
Mission; rents for $17 50; mortgage of
$155o can remain.
$2,100 — Rents ?28 per month; near 4th and
Bryant sts. ; 4 flits c* 3-4 rooms each;
a snap.
Call cr write for our "Real Estate Record,"
containing a list of properties for sale in all
•parts of the city,
latest Pocket Map of San Francisco, 25c
14 Montgomery et,
G. H. VMBSEN & CO..
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. <Inc),
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
57:Gxl37:<5 — North lire Turk st.. nr. Taylor.
JH6.O00 — Ellis st; 3 flat?; rent $130.
513.500 — Cor. Steir.er an! Waller Bts.; 4SxSl;
Stores, fiats and stable; rents $07. ;
| Bush KUi near Pcwe'.:; C0xll2:C; wooden lm- I
j prcvemests. ._".• '
Hti.WO— Pap*? st.. nr. Lcsuns; 27:6x120 to
rear «-tr«-et; house of S rooms and bath.
*10,r>«0 — Third-st. comer: pays 10 per cent
$10.000— FiUmcre. r.r. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
Of S rooms ard bath; rent SC5.
$10. W0 — Pacific ave.. near Scott; 27x127:8;
•enodrra house of 13 room* and 3 baths.
£77f>U— Jones st., nr. Loir. bard: 25x109; 3 new
..feay-'Milo-A- flaw: rent* $<.t7 50.
J73<e*--Clay. nr. liaXer; 27:tjxS5; 2 bay-wln-
>¦ dow te.is; rents ?55.
•». $6*V*— Pcw-t st, near Buker; 41:3x137:6; 3
?~V; rents $21 40.
$*750 — Buchanan st, near Pest; 24xS7:6; 2-
*tcr^ bay-window house; rent $3.\
$S»yOo — Union st., near Taylor; 23:9xl2S:9 to
j-«er_V:treet ; - flats; rents $42 50.
ttSort—iojara St.; store and flats: rents $48.
$4500 — Cor. Geary and Broderick; 25x92; 4
2ats^' rents *3-t.
$3.50 — Liberty Ft., near Guerrero: 25x114;
." -fiery bay- window residence; rent $29 50.
UNIMPROVED.
• f 17. 000 — Sansome Ft., near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California rt., near Webster; 25x137:6.
S11.250 — ilason, nr. Jackson; 74:9x137:6; will
•subdivide.
$9500 — Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:6x
lC7:8*-i-
SC500 — Washington, nr. Leavenworth; 32:6x
TO.
§000— Green «t.. near Polk; 50x115.
000— Cor. Turk and Devisadero: 27x86:11.
T.00 — Greenwich, rear Taylor; 45:10x137:6.
5.*250 — Corner Jackson and Locust; 37:6x
$3500 — Devisadero, near Union; 33x100.
S2O00 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:Sxll4.
!:*J400 — McAllister, near Wiliard; 20x100.
400 lots, $iOO to $400; terms easy; electric
jvad passes.
t'ELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
'£00 Montgomery St.. Opp. Mills Building.
BARGAIN.
OAK-STREET FLATS.
|.'.,2S0 — Must be sold; 2 attractive flats; lot 2Sx
137 :<5 feet; improvements alone cost
prire ecked; I25O0; bank mortgage can.
r»"nain.
L*»ON-STREET RESIDENCE.
»=.500— Attractive 2-story bay-window residence
on Lyon st; lot 25xll» feet.
SWELL FLATS.
5^.250^ — Forced sale; 2 beautirul modern flats;
every modern convenience; choice resi-
dence neighborhood; Buchanan st, nr.
Golden Gate ave.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
r 500 — Rents ?WX>: always rented: handsome
3-story buildlwr; also cottage and two
flats fronting on main car line street
south of Market, near Fifth, and run-
a ning back to rear street
> _^i $1000 CASH.
i A LANCE TO BE PAID BT THE RENTS.
MOST UP-TO-DATE FLATS IN THE CITY.
J." T.'.O — Reduced from $6500; 2 up-to-date flats
of 5 and 6 rooms and bath; tiled wood
mantels, tiled bathroom, tiled kitchen,
Pwlth stationary gas range, etc
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
Agents en property from 11 till 3 o'clock.
LOCATION.
Nc«. 26«2 to 2€56 Hyde st.. cor. of North Point
st"; Hyde and O'FarreH et cars pass.
CHEAPEST COTTAGE IN THE CITY.
K.750 — North side of Castro Et; 34-foot front-
ag-e; well built; 6 rooms and bath and
basement: terms to suit.
ATTRACTIVE SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
J5.250 — Rents $C24: 3 extra well-built flats of
6 rooms and bath; cost $CSOO to build -
near Fourth Bt.
MISSION WARM BELT FLATS.
W.250 — Rents $750; never idle; 3 flats; lot 23x
120 feet: near Twentieth st.
12,500 — Cheapest lot near Park Panfcandle; an
etreet work done; 25x106 feet
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
yc Montgomery 6t. . Opp. Mills bid*.
— ———.
STOP PAYING RENT.
I Oeme to t*s and we will explain to you how'
: we can buiid you a house on a lot you can pur-
j chase with money we will give you; let you pay
I fcr the house and lot same as rent, and much
f '»»ss rent than you would pay for a similar
!? VTE CHARGE TOU NO INTEREST.
BHere • a chance to own your own home.
'p« hare built 2 houses, are bolldlnr aa-
Sther and have purchased a in the past 80 da»«
/Call and see us.
PACIFIC HOME CO-OPERATIVB CO.
H. P. FULLER, Manager, room 400 Ckl-
laghan bldg.. 1.312 Market Bt.
$7500^ — Masoalc-ave. corner, short distance from
HaUrht st; modern residence ot 8 rooms
. and bath; 3 rooms in attic and finished i
basement; house nicely frescoed; splen-
did view of city, bay and oceau; lot 25
* xl25 feet; owner anxious to sell; partic.
ft ular s at office. BALDWIN & HOW-
¦ ELL. 10 Montgomery et
HAWKS & SKELTON
Rents Collected and 'Entire Charge Taken
•-~v« ~, ot Property-
5.000— Flats on Leavenworth, near Calif or-
t!!a, <J and 5 rooms; rent $630 per annum; ft
pood ftivestni<int
$12.COO— Fine Investment; O'Farrell et; 3 up
to date flats. 7 rooms each; rent* $1110 per an-
num: lot 27x137
S36.0OO— Haigrht-st. flats; all modern con-
veniences; 3 flats; 7 rooma each; rented $1350
per annum; good investment.
$14,000 — Lot on Dnimm st. near Market.
22:11x70: only $610 per foot; new building go-
injr up adjoining and another close by; will pay
"well to Improve.
?l 0,000 — Large corner lot. Twelfth ave and
B st. between Park and Point Lobos ave :
240x225; good investment.
J4000— Lot on Leavenworth st., near Green*
, 50x00; close to Hyde or Union Bt. cars* spe-
cially sunny exposure.
?4500- r Lot on Chestnut et, near Stockton*
C 68:ftxl37; 6treet accepted; win pay well to im-
. prove; will divide In three lot* If desired
!» HAWKS & SKELTON. 223 Montgomery ¦ t
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivisions, 60-
vara lot, south line Union st. ; 137:0 feet east
cf Pierce. Lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce eta., 103:6x157:6 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker.
524 Montgomery st
$ J erik-4-ROOM and bath modern cottage;
¦*?i5 finished attic, basement, etc.: $200
?ash. bal. same as rent; Wisconsin, nr. 25th.
feso©— VALLEJO et: house of 7 rooms and
bath. THE MCCARTHY CO.. «46 Market
I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1113 BROADWAY.
OAKLA-ro REAL ESTATE.
S.-M. DODGE & SON,
v ' 116O Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
$16,000— Choice Alameda residence; price re-
duced from $20,000; Eastern owner; 8 rooms;
2 baths: automobile house; everything elegant
within and without; we have new instructions
from the owner and must sell, or it will ba
withdrawn from the market; we want you to
see it and make us an offer.
$9000 — Good business corner on Seventh
street. Oakland, and broad-guage R. R. station;
2 stores, butcher shop, bakery. Iodging-hou99
and dance hall ; rents for $10O per month and
hall for $5 per night; this is a remarkably
good investment
$360O-rLarge two-story house on FonrteenV\
street, near Filbert; 10 moms, bath, barn,
shade trees, etc. . .
$4000 — An elegant two-story house on Mag-
nolia street; 7 rooms, bath and all modern Im-
provements; everything nice Inside and out;
terms very easy.
$3250 — Two-story house on Fifty-ninth St.,
near Telegraph axe. ; 9 rooms; easy terms.
$3000 — Cottage on Fourteenth St.. bet Filbert
and Linden; 6 rooms and bath, and a place for
a stable.
$2650 — Cottage on East Twenty-eighth st.
East Oakland;' 5 rooms and bath: 40 bearing
fruit trees; lot 125x155; the land is cheap
without the buildings. .
$3750 — Modern colonial cottage on Market st. :
new; never occupied; finished In natural wood;
close to business and elegant In every partic-
ular.
$2250^ — Cottage on Chestnut st.. near Twenty-
fourth; 7 rooms; good well.
$2eoo — Two-story house on Poplar st, bet.
: Tenth and Twelfth; 6 rooms, bath and good
basement; chicken houses, chickens, etc.
$2800 — Cottage on Eighteenth st., near Chest-
nut; nearly new; 6 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements;' terms easy.
i $1650^ — Two-story house on Twenty-third
st, bet. Twenty-third and Twenty- fourth aves..
East Oakland; 6 rooms and bath; terms part
; cash and the balance in Installments of $10
' per month.
$1000 — Two cozy cottages on Haskell st..
Oakland. 5 rooms, near San Pablo ave., at
$1000 each: nearly new.
$1000 — We have several small cottages cen-
trally located for $1000 each or less, which we
will be glad to show;/ we have more than 160O
; pieces of property for sale; houses, vacant lots,
ranches, chicken ranches from one to ten acres
each with nouses on them, which we are offer-
ing very cheap; let us show them.
$1500 — Four acres of orchard, near Hay-
wards; planted solid with apricct trees In full
bearing and now hanging- fun of fruit; the
crop will bring not less than $350 net this year;
the land is the very best and level; the bank
this week valued this orchard for a loan at
$2000; we know of no better Investment than
this. Remember, we can have thts property
for sale for only ten days from this date; a
word to the wise is sufficient.
S. M. DODGB & SON.
? ; '. ¦?. : - .;VC ; , 1160 Broadway. Oakland.
A J SNYDEB. .467 NINTH STREET.
$6000— Corner on Franklin st. near Eighth;
100x122; 10-room house and stable. .
$1600— Myrtle st, near Twenty-eighth; lot
37:6x125; 5 rooms and bath.
$1300— Klrkfaam st, near Tenth; 5 rooms and
bath
$2300— Eighth st. near Campbell; 37:8x80;
9 rooms and bath.
$4250— Magnolia st. near Fourteenth; 40x128;
7 rooms and bath, with 3-room house in rear.
$55CO — Corner on Fourteenth st; lot 42:tJx
100* 10 rooms, bath and stable.
$2250— 2Sth st; lot 60x100; 9 rooms and bath.
$3C50— Eighth st; 6 rooms and bath; lot
29x164.
$5300— lrfth et: lot 60x120: 0 room* and bath.
$1100— Campbell «t; lot 82x30; « rooms ani
a $li0O— Center st.; lot 23x133; 4 room*, baw-
$1700 Chestnut st; lot 23x124; S rooms and
$2200— 34th st and San Pablo aye.; lot SCx
100; 6 rooms and bath.
$1750— 8th st ; lot 23x100; 7 rooms and bath.
§2000— Linden st, near 26th; & rooms and
bath; lot 63x135.
$1350— Linden st; lot 60x125; 4 rooms and
$6000— Albion «t: lot 50x140; 9 rooms and
bath: modern. ':¦¦''¦ '
$4000 — Merrimac «t: 8 rooms and bath: new.
$6000— Eighth st; lot 80x100; two « rooms
and bath two-story houses; rents for $60.
$5000— Telegraph ave.; lot 40x110; 9 rooms
and bath; new.
$4000— TelefjTaph are.; lot 32x100; 7 room*
an $3000— Near Telegraph; lot 48x120; « rooms
and bath; new.
$1800 — Alcatra-J are., near Lorin station; 0
rooms and bath; new.
$2400-t-Mo93 st ; lot 50x120; 7 rooms and bath;
stable.
$1000— 43d st; lot 33:4x100; 4 rooma.
$1500 — S6th st.; lot 30x100; 3 rooms.
$3000— 59th st.; lot 100x135; 9 rooms and
bath .
$1500— Telegraph ave.; lot 40x110; 4 rooms
and bath
$3000 — Telegraph ave.; lot 34x120; 6 rooms
: and bath.
$1400— West St.. rlght\Ini lot 35x90.
' $1300 — Grove st. near 1 30th; lot 40x115.
$650 — 32d St.; 35x142; double frontage.
$2700— Jones st., bet. Telegraph and Grove;
lot 50x103.
$35 per foot— Eighth st.. near Fallon; lot
50x100 - A. J. SNYDER.
' 467 Ninth st. Oakland.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
46© and 462 Eighth st. Oakland.
INVESTMENTS.
1 $70 000 — No choicer business block Invest-
ment in Oakland; corner lot; fair income: as-
sured future value. \-lS.1
$20,000— Broadway; rents $2040 per annum;
good clean improvements; splendid buy.
$3650— Flats; original cost $7000; rents $36
month; 6 rooms each; a special bargain.
RESIDENCES.
$1S,OCO — Cost $27,000; magnificent modern
extra well constructed central elevated hom«;
situation unexcelled: heirs forcing sacrifice.
$20,000^ — Old Virginia Colonial "stately ar-
chitecture" home; constructed 2 years; com-
pletely famished; everything goes; a sacrifice.
(gOOO — Elegant central East Oakland home;
fine order; bam; lot 80x150: shrubberies ga-
lore: owner has expended nearly $20,000.
$6000 — Fronts Telegraph ave.: 95xl5d;
splendid 9- room home; barn: fruit and shrub-
beries; such property seldom offered; cost
owner $9000.
$7000— Linda Vista; lovely home. T rooms
and servants* room; there is no Oakland homo
- more complete: for cozy place see this: barn:
shrubberies; beautifully situated; a home that
will attract you.
$3600— The choicest suburban modern 7-
room home; 2 acres finest fruit.
$3450-^-TeI«graph and 33d; «tra well con-
structed S-room home; barn; 35x170; mort-
gage $2500; see this for a home.
$2600— Cozy, Gothlo style. 7 rooms, bath;
lot 60x140; near 29th and Telegraph.
$2250— Reduced from $3000: 20th and Tele-
graph? neat 7-room cottage.
$1400 — Bargain; lot 100x125; neat home. 9
rooms; barn; fine climate'; East Oakland.
$1450 — Right down town; neat; 4 rooms,
bath; patent toilet; tiled sink; mortgage |900.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460 and 462 Eighth st, Oakland.
; '
A SNAP— $1250; * ¦•' ,t ¦¦*
Lot 100 feet front: opposite Senator Perkins*
and fronting Piedmont electrlff road; similar,
property held at $25 foot; owner must sell;
mortgage $500 can remain; a pick-up*.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
.460 and 462 Eighth st, Oakland.
A SPECIAL snap —
$1450 for fine lot. 66:8x100. on a choice cros»
street, near Grove and 25th sts. : cost owmtr
$3000; must be sold this week; big specula-
tion for a home or to Improve and sell: act
quick. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
Exclusive Agents. 460-462 8th St.. Oakland.
NOW BEING COMPLETED
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO.. •
903 Broadway. Oakland.
Five new modern colonial houses, 2-story,
having 6 large rooms, bath, reception hall
and every modern convenience: each lot has
40 feet frontage and Is situated on the west
side of Second ave., between E 11th and n
I2th sts.
Prices range from $3000 to $3250; easy pay-'
ments.
? WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
903 Broadway. Oakland.
$2C0O CASH. BALANCE TO SUIT.
! Chicken ranch and fine assorted orchard and
garden, all in high cultivation; 3 acres of A I
rich soil; good cotta-re of 5 rooms, bath and
. basement: brick foundation; barn.' stable,
granary, incubator, brooder?, broodery; larjr <
tank and mill, water ptp?d over grounds:
. chicken houses and 4 corrals; good income
from this property now; near electric, cars,
school and church; level, but high; city
Water and sewer: price $5750; a bargain at
that; stock of chickens, geese and pigeons
, will be sold cheap; adjolniner East Oakland-
Call or send for circular, 455 7th St.. oppo-
site Broadway station. Oaklandr^carrlaga
free. H. Z. JONES, lajid owner.
$250— FINE lot; 50x140 to a 20- foot alley; busi-
¦nesa lot adjoining stores and well located for
any kind of business: assume mortgage of
$750; this lot cost the owner $2S5O; must setl.
ALDEN CO.. 1113 Broadway, Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
18 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
Tor Additional Classified Advertise-
I ments See Page Thirty-Four.
CHANCE TO. BUY RIGHT
on . the peninsula.
We are authorized to sell
the rich acres of Redwood Farm.
Pretty 5-acre homes
amid great oaks.
Five minutes' walk from new depot
at Redwood City. San Mateo County.
Near Stanford University.
5-acre lots only $1250 to $1375.
1%-acre lots $340 to $450, all corners.
Double track electric road
new building.
In 20 years you have not
heard of such a chance
¦ to get such property.
The kind of property you ought to own.
Buy now. at first v cost
Urge your friends to. also.
This is a snap.
Terms hair cash.
Call or send for catalogue to-day.
WOOSTER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
634 Market street
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves. ;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable: 40 acres, all bf wbfch is In tr-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a croj> of fruit, es-
timated at - $2000; agricultural implement j
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
• etc., •included.
The residence is one-story, contains 0
rooms. In perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, etc.; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
< profitable; price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO..
34 West Santa Clara st, San Jose.
18. ACRES, 1 mile from Haywards,; beautiful
location, 1100 apricots, 600 pear trees, 100 al-
monds; also' silver prunes; modern cottage of
8 rooms; large barn, windmill and tank;
$7500.
$3000, 14 acres, 3 miles from Hay wards, 7
acres in fruit, balance for grain, running wa-'
' ter, grand chicken ranch, good 4-room cot-
tage, barn, chicken houses, ¦ 100 chickens,
brooder, incubator, horse, wagons, cow. Im-
plements, all go.
J. H. GILMORE, 323 Montgomery st.
RARE BARGAIN—
1867 acres grazing, * agricultural and fruit
land; located in the hills', • fronting on Rus-
sian River, at railroad station. 6 miles north
of Ukiah, with enough standing wood to about
¦ pay for the land; reduced to $3 an acre on
account of leaving 1 . For . partlcu&rs call on
or address ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
507 California street.
FOR farms, stock ranches, orchards and vine-'
• yards' call or sena for new descriptive cata-
E logue. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
- 507 California street
A GOOD opportunity to secure a fine country
home. % mile from Sonoma City, Cal.;
32% acres, all improved in grapes, fruit hay,
grain.' etc.: everything to go with the place;
will be sold at a bargain to close estate.
For full particulars apply to owners, M.
JOOST_& BRO.. 600 to 613 Gough st. San
Francisco, Cal. ¦ - /
FOR sale— Two-story brick building. 50x80. on
best business corner in Merced; now paying
over 12 per cent on $1C,000; with alterations
will pay more; any one wishing to buy will
be given a trial of the business — restaurant,
lodging-house and saloon — to convince him-
self; price $16,000; lot is 60 feet on Front st,
150 feet on Alameda, with alley on the rear.'
. For further particulars apply to M. F. CAR-
DOZA. Merced. Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAX FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatt. Sonoma Co.. future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
be t for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Tfco Cotati Co., 302 California st. for
pamphlet and information.
2-STORY brlcK building. 70.1100. on the best
corner in Santa Cruz, paying now d per cent
on $22,000; with some alterations can be mad j
to pay 7 per cent net on $30,000; this property
can be had at above figures and on very
favorable terms. Box 300, Santa Crux.
$4500— 10-ACHE ranch all In full bearing fruit
¦ and vines; good buildings; level land; $700
crop now on trees; IVi miles from electric
car and P. O.: must sell: come quick.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$300 — A SNAP bargain in 80 acres of land,
close to town, In Lake County; house, barn,
orchard, alfalfa; abundance of running wa-
_ ter; cost S1400; must Sell. C. F. MOORE,
035 Market st:
ASK' for our ltst of suburban and country
properties; land department AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco. •* *
2 ACRES; improved; good for working man;
near Berkeley; $1250. 401 California st.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bid*.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whltton & Montgomery. CSi Market.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. 'Petaluma.' for
! list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
CHEAPEST and best. in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE WANTED. "
WANTED — Reclaimed tule or vegetable land
on San Joaquln. valued about $20,000; will
give $10,000 cash and $10,000 In a brick bust- i
ness block. Particulars of ROTHERMEL &
MERRELL, 507 California st.
WANTED — A good Improved s6>ck ranch, con-
taining 4000 or 5O00 head of cattle. Ad-
dress box 1220, Call office.
TO buy or lease — Poultry farm or a suitable
site In San Mateo Co. Box 1302, Call office.
ALAMIa" ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR SALE— HOUSES.
OUR WORD FOR IT
THAT WE CAN PRESENT THE
CHOICEST AND MOST EXCLUSIVE
LIST OF*HOUSES
TO. BE HAD IN THE. CITY.
• SPACE PROHIBITS ENUMERATION,
BUT WILL GLADLY M3IVE YOU
FULL INFORMATION UPON APPLICATION*.
IF YOU'RE IN THE MARKET
TO PURCHASE IT WILL BE TO
YOUR INTEREST TO SEE US.
• THREE LEADERS.
BUT WE'VE PLENTY AT FROM
$1800 TO $15,000.
$2000- : -Lot 50x150; on Morton St., west side,
near San Antonio. -
$3250— Modern 6-room cottage: Caroline st, nr.
San Antonio ave.; lot 50x100; fine lawn
and flowers.
$7000— Modern 8-room house on Santa Clara
•.-,; ;-'.' :^ ave.; lot 60x207:6; in the very choicest
location ; a perfect snap. ,
Homes on the installment plan. . Building lots
In every part of Alameda. Best renting depart-
ment In the city. Headquarters for furnished
houses. Give us a call and you'll not regret it
HAMMOND & HAMMOBTD.
•.Successors to Y
H. P. Moreal & Co.. : "-.
___^ 1422 Park st.
PURCHASE DURING THE SUMMER
MONTHS.
SECURE A BARGAIN. ; ...
Homes and lots at all prices and on terms
to suit
Another great list of properties offered thts
week. ' .-•:.:.
See our $1000 5-room cottage.
¦ See our $1500 5-room 2-story colonial cottage.
See our $1000 7-room cottage; lot 40x208.
See our S2050 6-room cottage: lot 70x125.
Sea our $2300 8-room house: lot 33x150.
See our $3000 8^ room house; Morlon-st. statn.
See our $5500 8-rm. house; elegantly arranged.
THE LAST CHANCE
to get property at $12 per foot on the principal
Btreet in Alameda. -First come, first served.
Genuine bcw&<»lns. Investigate, be convinced.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
\'..-'i'- 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
The Leading Real Estate Firm
Sensational offer. In Real Estate for one week!
Astonishing values offered. Be cure
and Purchase.
,2003cl5O on best: street m Alameda; sur-
rounded by choice. homes; only $12 per front
foot.- Thts Is 'a genuine Offer; cost $50 per
foot: compelled to sell and will be sacrificed;
will sell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
. ' 1600 Park st., Alaiwrtfa.
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
tot - ¦ ¦ s " . ' ¦ __
$1000— NEAT cottage; 4 rooms; lot 25x150- St
Charles, near Santa Clara ave.
$9000^Half block, "making 10 lots, with 2
dwellings, • and corners, a speculation- at
Grand Bf and' Railroad ave.; make an offer*
to close an estate;
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
... 607 California st.
$3250r-NEW up-to-date cottage: 6 rooms and
| bath; reception hall; front' and back porch -
best location In Alameda; street work ali
done: $500 cash; balance. $25 per month.
Houses built on easy terms In all parts of
Alameda to suit purchaser; small cash pay-
ment; balance monthly. WM. DUFOUR.
Real Estate. 1501 Park st. Atameda.' ¦¦¦
$1000— HOUSE No. &17 Central ave., near En^
cinal station, narrow gauge, 4 rooms and
basement; lot 25x148; key at No. 915; terms
\ $100 down, $15 monthly. CHAS. A. BAILEY*
322 Montgomery st, S. F. . *
$200O- : -MODERN cottage,: 6 rooms; porcelain
bath: tile sink and mantel: $550 cash, balance
$20 ' per month. For ; particulars call or ad-
dreas R. A.; 2104 Clement ave.
HOUSEi, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent furnished
. and unfurnished bouses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS &/CO., Bar Station. Alameda,
REAL^ J~STATE-^ITY— jFOR^SAJLB.
O."- D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEW CORNER FLATS.
$16,500-f-Rents $1950 per annum; 5 brand new
' elegant flats in Western ..Addition;
'large northwest corner lot on car line.
M LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$«,000— Rents $54;' 4 houses of 5 rooms and
bath each; large - lot 80x60; bank
mortgage of $4oOO can remain. -.*" -. ¦•>•-»¦•
CHEAP WOME ON RUSSIAN HILL.
$3,00O— Broadway, north side, near Jones st ;
9 rooms and bath; lot 23:6x77:6. ¦• -
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.'
?8,000 — Elegant house of 9 rooms and bath,
furnace, etc. ; on Baker st ; lot 25x100.
RUSSIAN HILL MANSION.
$30,000 — Elegant residence of. 18 rooms, etc.;
fu'ii 60-vara on NW. corner; particu-
lars and permit to inspect at office.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$13,500— Handsome home of 9 rooms and large
¦ reception hall ; rooms in attic can be
nriisned; large lot, 32x127:8. / ¦
BEAUTIFUL CLARENDON HEIGHTS
HOME.
$11,000^ — Grand two-story and basement resi-
dence of 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
servants" rooms, wineroom, etc., in
basement; grounds splendidly laid out
in 'lawn and flowers; grand view: lot
75x100:3.
WEBSTER-ST. FLATS. V-*\,
$13,500 — Rents $115; tenants pay water; 3 new
fiats. 7 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
xlOO. • -
MAGNIFICENT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESI-
"£*'^Z '" DENCE.
Sdv.OOO— Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
latest * appointments; only just com-
pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
ticulars at office.'
~ .o -^ CH EAP RICHMOND CORNER. \
$2,.5O— Corner of California st and 4th ava.;
64x100; a snap. \
-._ - FILLMORE-ST. INVESTMENT.
$6,500— Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
48x81:3. ,
¦ -FINE SIXTH- ST. PROPERTY.
$40,000— Rents $225. can be increased; lot T7x
75. covered with 3-story buildings; 5
stores and 6 flats; make offer.
.,*™a ' manufacturing site. .>":.
$15,000 — i5 : 10x137 :«, on Fremont, near Fol-
som; renting at present for $75.
„ COTTAGE.
$5,500— North side, near Devisadero;' lot 27:6
127:8; cottage and basement; 7 rooms
and porcelain bath. ~
*:. ,,^ FINE LOCATION FOR FLATS.
$4,100 — California, north side, near Broderlck;
32:0x77:7; very cheap.
»„.. «~v ELEGANT NEW FLATS.
$13.000— Rents $112 60; 3 beautiful fiats on Bu-
... . chanan, near Sutter; all latest im-
provements.
*n~~, „ MISSION COTTAGE.
$2,700— 24th st. north side, near Castro; pret-
ty cottage of 5 rooms and bath; high
brick basement; newly painted and.
. papered; lot 25x114.
MADISON & BURKE,
(Established 'January, 1858.)
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROFER^? 8 '
Removed to 30 Montgomery st., opposite Lick
House.
t& MISSION ST.— INSIDHC
$26,000— Business block, stores tfnd flats: Pay-
ing large steady income; 80x100. ¦
INSIDE INVESTMENT
$10.000— O'Farrell st, near Polk; large house-
lot 22:11x120 to rear street; this is an Improv-
ing location.
$10,500— Bush-st. flats; large and stinny; in-
side v an Ness ave. ; rents low at $S0.
HOWARD STREET.
$3000 — Very cheap; store, flat and rear house-
rent $70; lot 25x90; Howard, bet. 10th & 11th.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$IC,000— Market-st. gore lot. intersection of
Ridley st.. 9» feet on Market; covered with
stores; this is a bargain.
$11,000— Green st, near Fillmore; large, well,
built residence; 14 rooms, bath, all modern;
lot 33x137:6; a grand marine vlew^thttt can
never be obstructed. ,
Flats renting for $2C; on Seventeenth st nr
Castro; lot 25x100; price $3500. " *
$5000 — San Jose ave. near Twenty-ninth st. ;
flats" and store; rents $52; lot 36x81.
$2000 — Nlct cottage home on Nineteenth St.,
near Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath: lot
25x75. ¦ —
$5000 — Turk st, neat- Steiner; good 8-room
house, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard. .,¦,'":
$3000 — Rents $300 per annum; Glover st, nr.
Jones and Broadway; two flats.
, LOTS. k;..!
$4500 — Church st., near Sixteenth; choice
level building lots. 50x125.
$2000— Apiece for lots east line Castro st.
near Eighteenth, 25x125; qnly $2100; cheapest
lots In tins choice section.
. $3000 — Corner Twentr-flf th and Alabama gts. ;
50x100; a good corner -to Improve.
$2750 — Hayes st.;" north line, near Central
ave.; 25x137:6. ....
i $2500— McAllister st, near tiyon; 25x137:6.
$1250 — Twenty-second st., r near Florida, 25x
104.
$800 — 2d ave.. near Point Lobos; 25x120. ,
Lots on Twentieth ave., between Clement st.
and Point Lohog ave.; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $600, on easy terms it desired.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montsomery st.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
$5500— A nice two-story residence of 7 rooms;
bath: laundry; finished" basement; brick
foundation; garden; everything In best order;
In the best block' on Buchanan st.
$5700 — Cor. Noe^st; new two-story flats; large
"store and 4 rooms; 6 rooms, bath; 25x100. '
$SC)OO — 3-story house; Bush and Hyde; 30x137:6.
$4000— Sumcer, near Mission; 2 flats.
$4000— Chestnut and Powell; double two-story
house; lot 40x120. '
$12.500— Page st.; 3 new modern>flats; lot 25x
107:6; pays over 10 per cent.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
$7000—30x122:6; E line Mission, N 19th'; double
two-story; S-rooms and bath each.
• $2250 — 25x75; 17 Harrison ave.; two houses;
rents $25; new plumbing.
$2000—25x105'; E line Noe, 1 block from
Market; bltumlnized. .
$1200— 51x114; N line Elizabeth, 178 ft B
from Noe; cement walk. -•- ¦
$125 each— Park lots, block 882, bet. 22d,
23d, M and N; $5 a month, r \v -
Cheap lots all parts of city.
¦ : . NICOL. 410 Kearny st
BARGAINS IN CITY PROPERTY. .
2 choice, level lot* at Ingleslde, $200.
$11,000 — 2-story business block on Sacramento
St., near Dupont; rent $75.
$9600 — Fine- large corner on Devisadero st. ;
lot 27 :8xll0; modern 2-story hoflse, 10 rooms
and bath.
; $100— Nice level lots half block from electric
: cars: IngUsfde. Mission road.
$1500— Sightly lot on Devisadero St. 25x120.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL,
¦' . ¦ . 507 California st.
LOTS wanted to purchase north of Vallejo to
.' Lombard and from Hyde to Lyon sts. w. J.
GUNN, 530 California st. (Savings Unica
bldg.), between Montgomery and Kearny. \ '
A CORNER wanted to purchase, on Vallejo,
Green, Union or Filbert, between , Van Nesa
ave. and Lyon st ; Improved or vacant W. J.
GUNN. 530 California, st (Savings Unloa
bldg.). between Montgomery and Kearny. ¦
A RESIDENCE wanted to purchase, north of
• Broadway; of moderate price, between Van
; Ness ave. and Lyon r-t. W. J. GUNN, 630
California st. (Sayinys. Union bldg.>.
YOU' will nover secure a suburban home in
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building 1 lots at a bargain THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
FOR- SALE— fcheap; a fine level lot*at Point
Richmond. J. LEVI, 2130 Market st, near
Guerrero. ' .
$22M> — TWO strong built flats, 4 and B rooms,
bath, hot and cold water ;- rented for $21,
. easy to let for $23 per month ; lot 32x133. 26
California ave., one block from Mlssion-st.
cars. .
ELEGANT new modern flats in the choicest
residence portion of the Mission warm belt,
San Jose'ave., between 24th and 25th; pays
1 per cent per month. ¦ H: FEIGE, 1068 Capp.
$2150— CHOICE lot, NW. cor. 24th and Fair
Oaks sts. Apply D. A. CURTIN,' room 24.
3d floor. Mills building.
A NICE modern ' cottage, must be sold; eaay
• terms; make offer. 918 Diamond str 1 to 4.
II IS A Is KST.vrK~CO_»XTHly~ Foj> Sale
$30,000— GRAND stock and hop farm; 858
acres; on Russian River and railroad; Mendo-
cino County; elegant house and outbuildings;
Income $7000 last year; easy terms.
$8CHX> — Ranch; 150 acres rich bottom land, near
Willlts; good 7-room house and barn; orchard,
etc' ' '-^^S^gaR^BgW^^SB^'M^'TgMliMBKAaWi
$10,000— 220 acres In Bennet ; Valley, 9 miles
south of Santa Rosa; 10 acres In orchard and
. berries •» house 5 rooms; barn and, sheds. ¦
$1800— Ranch, . 160 acres, In the redwood, 14
miles west of - Ukiah; > 5-room house; barn,
etc. ; 14 aenfes bearing • orchard : 30 'acres ' la
cultivation;: rest In 'timber and' pasture. •*•"
Particulars of : .
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
. 507 California street.
$1400— 20 ACRES, with -house and barn; in-
cludes all stock and implements; near Napa.
$4500 ; — Stock ; ranch of 160(L acres; well | watered
and wooded; 12 miles: from Ukiah; • near rail-
road, school and town; good house and barn;
farming land for grain. .;:.
Selected redwood and tan "oak timber lands In
! lots to suit; from 160 to 5000 or . more i acres,
¦at $5 to $8 an acre; now is the time to invest
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. .
607 California streetTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
34
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
J1250 — Cottage of 4 rooms; high basement; 2
chicken houses; fine - well and force
pump; choice fruit trees and berries;
lot lOOxltS; all fenced; 3 blocks from
electric cars; $100 cash down, balance
sr.me as rent. ,
J1200— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and batn;
7-foot basement; good brick foundation:
chicken houses, etc.; lot 50x110; $50
cash down, balance $16 per month. •.
J1S75 — $75 cash and $24 per month will buy
. a modern cottage of 5 rooms; large hall;
rorcelain bath; tiled sink; 7-foot base-
ment; good brick foundation; stable;
lot 50x137; all fenced; sewerage and
city water all complete; fine location;
only 2 blocks from Frultvale station. 1
$2200 — New modern cottage of 5 large rooms;
hall;' rooms beautifully tinted and fres-
coed; fine brick mantel; tiled sink; por-
celain bath; marble washstand; station-
ary tubs; 6- foot basement; goud brick
foundation; chicken house; lot 50x175;
all fenced and cross fenced; In waiklng
distance of local train; easy terms If
desired.
$800 — Cottage of 3 rooms; city water; choice
fruit trees .and flowers; chicken nouses,
etc.; lot 50x140; 3 blocks from eltclrli:
cars; $100 cash down, balance $10 p»r
rrcntli.
$1550 — New colonial cottage of 4 rooms _nd
attic, bath, etc.; lot 50x100; all renii";
only 2 blocks from station; good neigh-
: borhoovl.
$0T5 — Fine cottage of 3 large rooms; hart
finished pantry, closets, etc.; 2 chicken
houses; city water; lot 100x124; all
fenced; 2 blocks from electric cars; easy
terms.
$1000 — For sale in East Oakland; cozy cottage
of 3 large rooms and bath, pantry,
closets, patent toilet: high basement,
partly floored, etc.; one block from elec-
tric cars and five from local station;
easy terms. -
• Chicken ranch of .5 acres in bearing fruit;
house of 4 rooms; stable; chicken houses;
for rent at $12 per month; stock and fixtures
for sale consisting of .50 chickens, 20. geese,
75 ducks, good cow, buggy, fruits and 2
acres in potatoes; all for $250.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
FRUITVALE FURNISHED COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottage, 5 rooms and bath. In
Frultvale. Inquire ticket office,' Frultvale sta.
Mill . Valley .Advertisements.
BEAUTIFUL MILL VALLEY.
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
We have subdivided into lots the finest
property in Mill Valley, known as the Sun-
nyside Tract; the streets have been graded,
and will be sewered and macadamized; the
tract commands splendid views of Mount
Tamalpuis and the bay: the North Shore
Railroad Is about to expend $2,000,000 to
perfect an ideal ferry and electric line sys-
tem to Mill Valley. Send now for plats and
prices and go and look at the property.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
IPS Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
LARKSPUR COTTAGES TO LET.
LARKSPUR — 5- room furnished cottage; large
grounds In canyon; rent $25. Apply MR.
McCORMICK. Larkspur Hotel.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce-^-Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish moat
reliable help. 52i Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
¦ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$5000-rFRUIT farm. 20 acres; nearly all in
bearing orchard; 5-room house, barn and
packing house; widowed owner will sell at a
sacrifice or exchange for Berkeley, Oakland
or Alameda property.
$3500—22 acres; 2% miles from St. Helena;
nearly level; good soil; 1 acre apples, peaches,
almonds: 6-room hard-finished house; fine
•well; all clear; will exchange for city or
Berkeley property. ROTHERMEL & MER-
RELL. 507 California st.
FOR sale or exchang* for S. F. paylnglproper--
ty, 1 of the finest ranches In Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark, Agua Caliente, Sonoma Valley.
"WHAT will you trade for a $1500 ranch In
Monterey County? Box 1287, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE trustworthy woman, all alone,
has no lncumbrances, would like a good home
In a small American family where she can
make herself useful; small wages; in the
central part of the city. Box 1321, Call.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements ;
surgical or confinement cases; city or coun-
try: references given; reasonable. Call or
address MRS. MERRITT, 127 Seventh st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work wash-
Ing or housecleaning: $1 75 per day; refer-
ences. Apply 612 Treat ave., ~ near Nine-
teenth. .
A LADY wishes position as working house-
keeper, city or country. Box 1313, Call office.
A DRESSMAKER would like a few more en-
gagements by the day; would like to go to
the country; $1 25 a day. Box 1314, Call.
POSITION as cashier or cloak saleswoman de-
sired by woman of refinement; experienced.
Box 1267, Call.
FRENCH seamstress wishes sewing by the
day; neat, fast hand sewer operator; from 8
to 5; $1 and lunch. Box 1215. Call.
STRONG Swedish girl wants work by the day
washing and housecleaning; $1 10 and car-
fare. Box 1258, Call.
DRESSMAKER — Perfect fitter and remodeler:
engagements by day; front room to rent. 550
Stevenson st. •
LADY will read to Invalid afternoon or even-
lng. Address 12C4. Call.
TRAINED nurse wants position; good home
more object than wages. Address or call
Nurse. 473 Eddy «t.
LADY cashier wants position: have experience
and references. Box 1268, Call.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper by young
woman with girl 11 years old. Box 1216,
Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes more work. 232 Hyde
st., room 8. '.*¦'.¦ ; v
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing and
housework. MRS. G., 131 Taylor st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third et., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
> fcuhscriptiens has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE..
A THOROUGH double-entry bookkeeper of prac-
tical experience, familiar with loose-leaf led-
ger and card systems of accounting; uses safe-
ty check figures; fine penman; rapid and accur-
ate; thorough correspondent and accustomed
to dictation, seeks engagement; highest ref-
erences. Address box 1289, Calf office. . ..
ELDERLY Danish man (speaks German)
wishes place in Alameda County where he
can make himself generally useful; good ref-
erences; small wages. ¦. Address H. MEIER,
<j3 Valley st. . !
A MAN. steady and sober, wishes situation on
private place to do gardening, care of
horses, cows, and understands how to run
gasoline engine; best of references, , Box
1255, Call office.
ALL round sawmill man; can set up and run
machines, grade lumber or take charge of
mill or yard; references. Address box 1206,
Call office. -
SOBER young man wishes situation as chore-
man about private family to milk, care for
horses, drive and d» inside work; have ref-
erences. Box 1239, Call office.
GARDENER and florist, thoroughly, competent,
desires • situation; flrst-class references from
the East, Europe and California. Address
box 1304. Call office. "
HOUSE-CLEANER, experienced, and all round
man wants work by the day. I Address box
. 1261, Call office. .
YOUNG man living . home with parents would
: like a place to learn plumbing trade. 819^
'Larkin st. .
A YOUNG man, 22, neat appearance, wishes
"situation of any kind; handy with tools; not
afraid of hard work. - Box 1257. Call office.
WANTED — A position as engineer, steam or
\ gasoline. Address box 1265,- Call office.
SITUATION wanted as flrst-class ¦ coachman
and gardener; city or outside; good ref er-
. ences given. Address box 1256, Call office.
YOUNG man, single, desires position as butler
and valet In small private family; wages $50;
Al New York references. Box 1218, Call.
CARPENTER wants work at repairing. ; Call
or address room 21, 737. Howard st. • . •; •••;
SOBER young man wishes ' steady : work In a
general blacksmith shop to learn trade; "some
experience. Box 1225, CalL . :
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-— MALE.
BARKEEPER wants situation; city or coun-
try; speaks German and French... Address
Barkeeper, 625 Clay st. ' : ¦ ¦ .
GOOD cook wants ¦ place In small boarding-
house or ranch; flrst-class references. Call
68 Third St.. room 150. .. :
COACHMAN wishes situation, city or country;
careful driver; can milk cow. Box 1291, Call.
WANTED — Painting and ¦ paper hanging: city
or country; at low figure. Box 1163. Call.
GERMAN gardener wishes a situation; refer-
ences. Address P. WILHELM. 30-32 Ellis st.
JAPANESE wants position as school boy In
small family. Address GEORGE TAHAHA-
SHI, 1329 Pine st. ¦¦ . ;..'. ..¦
COMPETENT Chinese cook wants situation {
is a good dishwasher; city or country- Ad-
dress JOE TEEP. 753 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee.. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ._
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A white fox terrier; 7 months old;
black head with a little tan about the mouth:
• black spot on the back near the tall and
speckled belly. A reward of $5 will be paid
if returned to 3212 Jackson st., near Central
. avenue. TrJ '
LOST — Between Alcazar Theater and ferry,
one lady's gray kid purse containing about
$15 and U. S. army Identification tag. Finder
may keep money, hut please return tag and
' purse to A. L. OSBORN, steamer Tlburon.
LOST — Chatelaine purse containing diamond
earrings, 2 brooches and small purse with
money, also locket with pictures, on Taylor
St., bet. Ellis and Turk. Return 4324 Twen-
tleth st.; liberal reward.
LOST — Friday morning, between Fillmore st.
• and Ocean Beach, gold pin, skull and cros_
bones. Finder return to box 1219, Call office,
'and receive liberal reward.
LOST — Lady's black ribbon belt, gold: buckle
(chrysanthemum pattern); $10 reward. F.
I S. SANBORN. Hayward building. -
LOST — Irish terrier dog; red and gray wire-
haired; tail docked. Reward paid if returned
to 1812 Gough St., near Sacramento.
LOST — A' fox terrier, female, black and yellow
spots on the right eye. Please return to 420
Hermann st. and receive reward. . .:
FRIDAY noon, east side Van Ness ave., be-
' tween California and Vallejo sts., black
feather boa: reward. 2310 Van Ness ave.
LOST — A rat terrier with new collar; tall cut;
reward. SW. cor. Geary and Devlsadero sts.
LOST — Brown water spaniel; reward. 1232
'. Valencia st. ¦
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
. and Loan 'Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN O'NEILL SMITH, No. 220-
668. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. ¦
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special;.
1st. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual - female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult casea treated;
. have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence, 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement. 1008% Market st., opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post st., nr. Jones.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles In treat-
Ing and curftig female complaints: ladles, all
who are sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University; 25 years' midwifery experience;
takes ladies before & during conflnemt. ; terms
reasonable; infants adopted. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GUYER, office and residence. City
Halt ave., over Goodfellow's Grotto, rooms
25-28; telephone Jessie 2131.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low • fees.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener, formerly G. G. ave.,. now 210
Eddy st. — Home for patients; babies adopted.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIE8 and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe $ sure; nevfer fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
'Union Square; all. diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
BEST hydraulic mine In California; thoroughly
prospected and tested; now ready to turn on
water and begin taking out gold; large divi-
dends guaranteed from the start; small
amount more money necessary to start up;
chance, for few days, to get in on bed rock.
The Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco.
MISCELL ANEOUS~FOR ALE, g
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery, McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A— THOROUGHBRED hatching eggs at one-
halt price. $1 Der 13; also young roosters.
Ingleslde Poultry Yards. 807 Mt. Vernon ave. ;
get off car Ingleslde Coursing Park. '
FOR sale — Full and complete set of books and
Instructions for study of law; everything
necessary for preparation for admission; $55.
Box 17. Vacavllle. Cal.
20 STEAM pumps, engines, boilers, all kinds of
: machinery bought and sold ; send for list.
Oakland Machinery Co., 410 Third St., Oak-
land.
SINGLE, double, treble and 5 stone diamond
( rings, nins, ear studs. 376 Geary St., room
21, 2 to 6. daily.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. ' "
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, • pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool -tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
3 BEAUTIFUL English thoroughbred spaniel
pups 7 weeks old, $5 and $7 50. 1348 Fol-
som st.. near Tenth. .
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
' goods; money back If not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st., San Francisco.
THE . public Is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris -has retired from business.
A— SCHOOL books bought, sold. KING'S OLD-
BOOK STORE, 15 Fourth st. ; phone Red 1803.
' e HAMMOCKS .
At \ half I price. 102 Clay st. ' "* V.
SAFES — Carey Safe Co. E. B. BECK & CO.,"
Agents, 103 Front st.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia st., cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, record, supplies, moving
. picture machines, films, Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, ali sizes, new .and 2d-hand
" and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern - engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market st,
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Barge or lighter of about 35 or 40
tons In good order; not draw over, 20 inches
when loaded; give dimensions and lowest
price. Address A., box 1234, Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats ; also gents' .
' full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton st. ; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — To buy. a nice talking parrot;
cheap for cash; state price, etc' Address
•box 1248, Call office. '
WANTED — A small plating dynamo. Box 1319,
Call office. ¦
WANTED — To buy small ; grocery, country
town. .. Address box 1284, Call office. ; .
WANTED— A buzz planer that will do rabbet-
: Ing. 2335 Pine st. ; . . . • ' V- .;;.-'.::
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
OLD gold, 1 silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R.' JENKEL. 817 Market st. . \
'^V^^^: ' ; - '¦•'"' OIL. ' '¦ .- ' ¦ ': , ! .
McKENzllE7sr ; C^RXsE75r^ie1n^s^roaM_oBr?
Oil Exchange; buy & sell oil stocks, lands &
Investment securities. 137 Montgomery st.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg.
. ...'..'.$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
' ; LOANS MADE''..'
.......On first and second mortgages ••
>. Life interests In estates
....... .Property being held In trust. .......
- ......Undivided Interests in real estate......'
.'..Estates in probate — Legacies
...Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
............. If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY...
. 601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with, lender.
On first mortgages.
On eecond mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On estates in probate.
On legacies. ¦ ;
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
. cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms lfi.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY,
Safe Deposit bldg., 328 Montgomery St..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rato of Interest.
Long or short term. '
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market et.; tel. Main- 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St., room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removaP.money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ; etrictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or pjano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. , Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH, money; low rates; 1st o..
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates in probate.
life ins, policies, etc. Harper, 480 Parrott bid.
14 FIFTH, Mills bldg —Trust funds to loan. R.
Masson Smith, atty. and' Com. Yukon Ter.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
x MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $1200 on country town vacant lots;
Interest 12 per cent; principals only. G. Y.,
box 1259, Call office.
WANTED— : -$8000 loan at 5 per cent on good
city real estate from private parties; first
mortgage. Particulars K. S.. box 1233. Call.
MUSICAL 'INSTRUMENTS.
A — SPECIAL BARGAINS In used 'pianos for
this week.
1 Wm. A. Pond square $ 60 j
1 Newton & Co. square V 75 j
1 Emerson, square 90
1 Weber, square 100
1 Decker Bros, square ; 110
1 Blddle, upright .' 130
1 Newby & Evans, upright 175
1 Spies Piano Co., upright 200
1 Ernest Gabler, upright 250
1 Bradford, upright 2f>0 |
1 Lester, upright 273 j
1 Byron Mauzy, upright 3-5 i
1 Sohmer. upright 400
1 Steinway Grand , 350
1 Sohmer Grand 400
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post St.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano ' Special- bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $95 to *2S0
2 Knabe $85 to $110
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Heine pianos in S. F. Agents for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
Installments $2 up.
HEIN.E PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237
Geary st. '.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
1 propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally- fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth St., Oakland.
A SAVING OF FROM 575 TO $100.
An elegant Chlckering, used 8 months; a
fine Vose. mahogany case, like new; 2 Stein-
ways, fine order, cheap; 1 Sterling, . used 10
months; 2 Pease, new styles, cost $400; 1
Chester, used 6 months, a snap; prices from
$190 up; all uprights. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. . .
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE, 30
O' Farrell St.; established 1850.
WE are cleaning house. and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
. as $30, and In good condition. Call and see
our unsurpassed line of new goods as well.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market st. . ¦ .
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; ' values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th and Church.
A LOT of high-grade 'pianos for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market St.
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsome
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON sale — A. large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianoa In city.
Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., .560 Hayes st.
$160 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 10 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market st. —
Steck, Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post st; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs. i
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER,, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORE S ¦ . TO ' LET,
PRETTY store to let; 3 living rooms. 1530
Church St.; call afternoons; take Mission
;and Twenty-nlnth-st. car.
DESKROOM reasonable In fine sunny office;
telephone. 727 Emma Spreckels building. .
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 cts.; below Kearny st. CSC Clay St., room 1.
PERSONALS.
RUPTURE — In ordinary cases by the use of
Hunter's, latest rupture holder a cure can be
effected in a few weeks. Hunter's rupture
holder Is a health restorer, giving new life
to the kidneys,* lumbar muscles and the spi-
nal-, network of nerves. The back of Hun-
ter's rupture holder Is supported by a wide
belt, charged magnetically; its effect is truly
¦ wonderful. When once worn no one would
want to be without them. Call and examine
at: HUNTER'S SANITARIUM, rooms 5 and
6. Gait House. 1206 Market st. "
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
- Ing and ' grow new hair. ! The Star Hair Rem-
edy, is superior to all other tonics and restoi-
atives. It is clean and healthful, is not gum-
my or sticky; no grease, no stain: never falls.
Sold by druggists, hairdressers or our office,
; 385 Geary . st. :, The Star . Remedy Co.
IF your hair is falling, send for DR. O. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy, known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world: call or send for circular. DR.
G. ' £j. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. S. F.
CAROLINE CAVANAUGH, my wife/ having
left my bed and board without cause, I will
. no' longer be. responsible for any debts or
bills contracted by her. Dated June 5, 1903.
¦ WILLIAM. CAVANAUGH.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.." between Seventh and Eighth.
MASTEN. the Philosophical Tailor.
701 Geary st. • - ;
' ' _ , . * v-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY.
These places can be bought on easy Install-
ments.
$050 — Five-room house; street work; well.
*S50 — Five- room house; well; larse lot.
$1200 — Five-room house, nearly new.
$1750 — Seven-rocm house, choice location.
JflSOO — New. five-room house.
$2400— Six-room house, nearly new.
S£ti50 — Seven-room house, new.
$2750 — Seven-room house, new.
$.550 — Lot on Prince St.. 50x100.
?500 — Lot on Adeline St., near station.
$435 — Lot on Ashby ave.. 50x106.
SISOO— Corner on Telegraph ave., 100x125.
W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station, or C. C.
EMSLIE. Ashby Station.
STOP PAYING RENT.
. OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy ycur own lot
where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The pla/i offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association is the easles:
*rid best plan ever Introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; only $3
per month pays for your home; no Interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place. Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin P. O.. and room 39, Ne-
vada block, San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
$1500-«-l-3 ACRE of land and new cottage, ce-
ment foundation; well and pump; beautiful
flower garden; 100 fruit trees and vegetable
gardening, all ready to use; cost $2500. W.
C. MORAN & CO.
$3700 — New 6-room cottage and barn and chick-
en houses; 1 acre of land In the best part of
town; reduced from $5000. W. C. MORAN
& CO.." 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley^
$2400 — New house of 8 rooms, %-block to cars;
lot 50x100; street 80 feet wide; see this for
a snap. W. C. MORAN & CO. .
$1200— BEAUTIFUL cotttage of 4 rooms and
bath, all furnished, lot 40x135; cheap at
$2000. W. C. MORAN fc CO.
$2000— Neat 5-room cottage; corner lot; lot 40x
100; all In fine condition; 3 blocks, of
College and .Berkeley Station. A snap!
MAY & MORTIMER.
$2000— Here Is a bargain! 6 -room cottage on
Grove st.; lot 45x135; street work done;
also includes some furniture.
MAY & MORTIMER.
$3500 — Up-to-date cottage of 6 rooms; patent
plumbing; modern fireplaces; electric
fixtures; corner lot; street work done.
A dandy home. •
See MAY & MORTIMER,,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$650— Lots on Henry St.; each 40x135; street
work done.
MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley.
$2000— Lot 50x144 on Ridge road, near College
grounds. -
$2000 — Lot on Nob Hill, In Scenic Park, within
J00 fe«t of Mrs. Hearst's proposed new
home.
Call upon us for bargains; we buy and
¦ sell, build homes. Insure your house and
• Ufa and show you the town. »
MAY & MORTIMER,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
BIG bargain; don't miss this one; cottage, 8
rooms and bath; pantry, folding doors, man-
tel, city water, brick foundation, high base-
ment; lot 40x120; convenient to station,
school, ehurches, electric cars and stores:
price $1600; only $100 cash, balanoe same
as rent; open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin.
STOP paying rent; be your own landlord; new
6-room cottage, bath, pantry, mantel, city
-water, brick foundation, stationary tubs,
high basement; lot 27:6x135; price $1750;
terms $150 cash, balance $18 per month; good
location ; close to railroad station, street cars
and stores. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln; open
Sundays. ¦
WHY pay rent when you can buy a 7-room
house, with bath, pantry, city water, sta-
tionary tubs and everything neat and com-
plete? Price $1750; terms. $150 cash, balance
same as rent $18 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorin; open Sundays.
I HAVE for eale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and large at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; fine
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electric lights; any one want-
Ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar-
gain In this. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3750— A WELL-BUILT house of 7 rooms (4
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot 50x
157; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
R. C. STAATS CO.. 2137 SHATTUCK AVE.
We sell the earth, also houses.
Lots on macadamized street, $450 upward.
<J-room cottage, $1600; easy terms.
8-room house, $2500; new; a bargain.
9-room bouse near university. $4750; another
at $5200.
Both of these are new and ar« snaps at
these prices.
Property all over town; prices to suit every-
body
R. C. STAATS CO., 2137 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley Station.
NO. 340— $1500; 6-room house; lot 100x100.
No. 341—43100; 8-room house; lot 45x100; a
bargain.
No. 26S — $5000; 7-room. house; lot 100x130;
east front.
No. 263 — $2600; 7-room house; lot 46:6xloO;
south front; cheap.
• No. 2C1— $1500; 7-room cottage; lot 100x135;
west front.
No. 259 — $3550; a business store and lot 66x
135; a bargain; owner getting too old.
S. S. QUACKENBU8H, Real Estate, Insur-
ance, 2171 Shattuck ave., Berkeley, Cal.
FOR Bale — At bargain price*; choice properties,
improved or unimproved, for residence or
business.
For rent — Several very desirable 6 and ¦ 7
room flats, near U. C. ; Just finishing; all
modern improvements; also cottages and
bouses, furnished or unfurnished.
FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate Agent.
2121 Stanford place, Berkeley Station.
J1400— LARGE corner, 227x120. with 5-room
cottage, near San Pablo and Railroad aves.
$500— Nice lot. 40x130; fenced; all ready for
building on, between Dwlght and Ashby sta-
tions.
$1600 — Fine corner lor. 50x125; Scenic Park
road; see our list of Berkeley property.
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL.
* 607 California st.
$1000 — A SNAP; $50 cash, $15 per month;
cottage house, 5 rooms; lot 50x138; street
work done; convenient to Berkeley station.
$1600 — Great buy; 2-story bouse, 7 rooms
and bath; lot 50x100; close to Ashby station;
easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin Station.
NEW 6-room 2- story house, all modern, up-to-
date, price $2200; $100 cash, balance like
rent. J. R. PERKINS, Lorin station.
8-ROOMED house, windmill and tank; fine
well: close to school: a pick-up; only $800.
J. R. PERKINS, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
LOT, cor. King and Prince sts., 80x120: cheap.
Call at 506 Castro st,, S. F.
COTTAGE — 8" rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house for rent; 9-room~house!
modern In every respect; 1 block from univer-
sity grounds; will 'lease to a responsible party
for a term of years; rent $60. including wa-
ter; open Sundays. O. A- RUDOLPH. Lorln.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
A— W. E. RUDELL, Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington st.. Fruitvale, CaL
$800 — House of 5 rooms and bath ; hot and
cold water; brick foundation; barn and
chicken house; abundance of flowers;
lot 40x137; 3 blocks from car line; $100
cash, balance $8 40 per month.
$900 — Cottage of 4 rooms, pantry and closets;
Ffable and chicken houses; city water;
lot 75x108; 3 blocks from car line, on
macadamized streets; $200 cash, bal-
ance $8 40 per month.
$1,100 — Cottage of 5 rooms; hard finished; good
brick foundation; lot 45x145; terms,
$100 cash, balance $12 per month.
$1,250 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath; mantel;
hot and cold water; stable; lot 47x101;
2 short blocks from Fruitvale Station;
$200 cash. $12 00 per month.
$1,250 — House, 6 rooms and bath; gas; city
water; cement sidewalk; location 1268
Twelfth ave., one . block ¦ from | school
., house; one block" from church; Hay-
wards and Alameda cars pass house;
terms reasonable. . .
$1,500 — Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; fine location; 3 blocks from
car line: lot 117x175; this is a bargain;
terms, $100 cash, balance $10 80 per
month.
Jl.SOO — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
high basement;, large, lot; sewer and
city water; stationary washtubs; flow-
ers and fruit trees; one block from
Frultvale Station; terms, $200 cash,
balance $19 per month.
.$2,700 — New two-story -.house of 7 rooms and
bath; reception hall: all modern Im-
provements; gas and electric fixtures;
one block from Frultvale-ave. car line;
I lot 00x165; beautiful view; terms, $500
cash, balance $26 40 per month.
$6,500 — Beautiful residence of 12 rooms anil
bath; steam heaters; mantel; fire-place
. and marble washstand In each bed-
room; electric bell In each room; stable
¦for 4 horses and carriages; cement plate
for washing carriages; large corner lot,
150x140 feet; decorated grounds; trees
and flowers In abundance; an Ideal
place for sanitarium or doctor's home;
reasonable terms If desired
... E. RUDELL, Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington st. Office hours, 8 a m. to II p. m
Sundays Included. V
ROOMS TO LET ~*-r-». «w«1 rntmr*. t
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh — Single front
room, $1 25: room for 2, $1 50 per week.
D'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 636 — Large sunny front room: modern
conveniences: $12; light housekeeping.
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde— Large sunny fun^wV...
room: running water; ?1O ;.. ma
POWELL. 932! near Clay— Newly furrfi-K^WI
front suite; private family; free bath, phoi?,.
ROYAL House 12U Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room,' smoking-room and ladies par;
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week. >- ;
to $8: month, $8 to $30: elevator on ground,
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: batfta.
RENT $5— Fine double furnished room. Ill
Perry st.. near Thlrd^ ' ;
3LEGANTLY furnished family suites at th»
(new) Ancelus, 530 Stockton st.
SEVENTH. 28 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
$10. $8. $6; also housekeeping; phone, bath. ,
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth near
Market — For respectable ladles & gentlemen.
{UTTER 303Mi — Single and double rooms, from «
$1 50 to $2 50 week, with running water, gas;
transient. 50c to $1 50 a day <
BACHELOR'S apartments at the (new) An-
gelus. 530 Stockton st. | _____
MODERATE rates at the (new) Angelus. 530
Stockton st. ' '- ¦ .
rtTRK, 210— Sunny front room for gentlemenT
EXCHANGE — Elegant furnished rooms, $30
mo., for merchandise. Box 1133. Call of flee. ,
K GENTLEMAN roommate wanted: large,
central: very, cheap; modern. Box 1252. Call.
NEW and bright, airy and light rooms and .
suites at the new Angelus. 530 Stockton st
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel. 452 Ellis— This new. svrlctly
modern, flrst-class hotel w\ll be opened July
20: rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: electric light and elevator; private-
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for guests July 1;
strictly modern house, flrst-class in all Its ap-
Dcintments: can be inspected now; will b*
conducted In strictly select and flrst-class man-
ner. 865 Post st.. bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
NICELY furnished front. rooms, with board;
privilege parlor, piano and phone: table flrst-
class. 850 Van Xesa ave. _¦
CALIFORNIA 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Seloot
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rate*.
ANGELUS— New, elegantly furnished- 830 .
Stockton St., between Bush and Pine.
A SUNNY suite, with or without board; also j
single rooms. -The Lake. 26» Turk st.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class hous«;
furnished suites or single; steam heat
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; flrst-class table board.
ROOMS "WANTED.
ROOM and two meals, five blocks Hayes. La-
guna; terms. G. A. S-. 150S Golden G-f a"*.
3 HOUSEKEEPING, furnished; yard; 1 front ,
room. Box 1253. Call office. f
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE followlne- children have been received at
the S. F. Nursery for Homeless Children
since Jan. 1. 1902: Thomas O. Merritt, -half-
orphan, 10 years of age: Fern Bowman, haii-
orphan. Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphan,
twins, 6 years of age; Grace Buchanan, ji^tf-
orphan, 6 years of age. i
FREE trial treatment cure for dyspepsia and /
constipation; more like a miracle thai»-.xnedl--*
cine; send stamp. REUNER GOULET. Sa«- ,
ramento. Cal. { j
BAD tenants ejected for $4t collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECnOI* I
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. RoSO. j
SETVIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIIS3. '
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest Improved $75
sowing machine for $16 50. 145 Sixth st.,
phone Howard 3264.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Green 144. 205 4th, '
STORAGE ANp^WAREHOUSESj^A
PIERCE RODOl^TH^Storase^&^Sovins^Co^^
flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex 571.
GOLDB.N WEST Storage: advances made: 840 !
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.; t
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
TO LET.
$7^M^RKET-ST. location; floor 45x120. £7
A. SMITH. 25 Market st.
$45 — MARKET-ST. location; floor 45x60. 5T i
A. SMITH. 25 Market st.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W*
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California ; telephone Main 268.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWKITOG Jb_ MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies, 2c;^f»m^ I
eographlng. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1533. ;
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and
Janes sts., San Francisco, June 27, 1902. — At
a regular meeting of the board of directors
of this society, held thi3 day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three ana on*
eighth (3&) per cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending June 30,
1902, free from all taxes and payable on and
after July 1. 1902.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
SAVINGS and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
St., corner of Sutter^ — The Board of Directors)
declared a dividend for the term ending Jun»
30. 1902, at the rate of three and one-eighth)
(3^4) per cent per annum on all deposits, fre«
of taxes and payable on and after July 1.
1902. Dividends not called for are added to
and bear the same rate of dividend as tha
principal from and after July 1, 1902. CY-
RUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sta.
— For the six months ending June 30. 1903.
dividends have been declared, on deposits la
the savings department of this company as *
follows: On term deposits at the rato of
¦ S 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per Annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for ar«
added to the principal after July 1, 1802. #.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Calik
fornia st., cor. of Webb — For the half year ,
ending with the 30th of June. 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an- -
sum of threa and forty-two one-hundredf t ¦
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits. a_»
three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits. fret\
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday. July*
1. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Security Savings Bank.
222 Montgomery st.. Mills building; for tha
half year ending June 30. 190.. dividends om
term deposits at the rate of three and six-
tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum, and oa '
ordinary deposits at the rate of three (3> pe»
> cent per annum, free of taxes, will be p»4T» I
able on and after July 1, 1902.
FRED W. RAY, SecretaJT»
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank_W
San Francisco, 33 Post .st. For the /*_•
year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend ha*
, been declared at the rate of three (3) par
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes.
payable on and after Tuesday. July 1. 1902.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. B2» i
California st. — For the half year ending wlthi '
June 30, 1902. a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum .
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and I
after Tuesday. July 1. 1902. GEORGE} !
TOURNY. Secretary. j
CONTINENTAL Building and Loan Associa- j
tion. No. 301 California St., for the year end- i
Ing June 30, 1902, has declared a dividend
of 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, 6 per cent I
on term deposits and S per cent on Install- '
ment stock. WM. CORBIN, Secretary and
general manager.
HXTMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society,' 13
Geary st. — The directors . have declared &
. dividend of 3 per cent per annum oa ita de-
posits, Dayable on and after July 1. - 1902.'
• ¦ . - ERNEST TtP»vp. Secretary.
PRO PO S ALS
PROPOSALS for~SuVsistenc»"^unpileT: Offlca J
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco, '
Cal., June 10. 1902 — Sealed proposals for fur- }
nl-hlnx and deliveries of such quantities og. ¦
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses /In San Francisco. 'Cal.. '
aa per circular to be seen at this offlce^-; nil
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., VU 3 -
day. July 1. 1902. and opened Immediately
thereafter In oresence of. bidders. Spec(_c_-
tlons. general Instruction to -..bidder* and>
blank .form of proposal . will be furnished to
established dealers on application to W. u,
BALDWIN. Major. Commissary, B. g.
Army. Purchasing Commissary.
PERSONALS— Continued.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; al*o
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
• rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 roonw,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
~ free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — The acquaintance of a Swedish girl
or widow, age 25 or 30, by a Swede residing
in the city; object, matrimony. Box 1317,
Call office. ,
ECZEMA, dandruff, falling hair cured: hair
grown; gray restored: all manicuring 25c.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. 34 Kearny st.
WIGS, switches and all kinds of hair work:
hair dressing. 25c; shampooing. 50c: scalp
treatments. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
. tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enam«l Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns:
all the newest designs for cummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. ".021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— $3 DO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHINQ PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
WILL G. M. — We understand. Everything ' is
all right. Come home. MOTHER.
SENSATIONAL book free for men; postage 2
cents. WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary st.
BEST private detective In America. Address
J. W. FORBES. 1111 Bryant st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrel:.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.42C Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26^ Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupoct.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
' and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 239.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee, Wls.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PALMISTRY.
MMeTg" Lr^JE^R^A^RrTTeadsT^o^^00
Post st.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation ; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld,6Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by- absorption: rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping:
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas. bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny front bay window
room and kitchen, complete; bath; reason-
able; phone.
CF.NTRAL ave., 62, near Halght— 3 or 4 un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; no chil-
dren; give references. ; ...
CHATSWORTH HOUSE. 1433 Mission— House-
keeplng suites or rooms; wicely furnished;
bath; reasonable.
ELLIS, 516 — Large sunny room; also large
room with housekeeping if desired.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping, 3, $14;
2 beds, 3, $20; 2 beds bath. 2. $15; single. $4.
FOLSOM, 620— Sunny furnished first floor for
family with children: large grounds.
FOLSOM, 834 — One single housekeeping; 2 sin-
gle furnished rooms with closet and bath;
$1 50. $1 25. $1.
FOURTEENTH. 485. nr. Valencia— 2 or 3 fur-
nlshed rooms for hkpg.; also single room.
GEARS', SS2. near Larkin — 3 cozy rooms, car-
peted, basement.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay-window
¦ flat of 3 rooms; yard and laundry; furnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847. opp. Jefferson
square — Furnished front suite housekeeping;
also single room.
HAWTHORNE, 172, near Harrison— 2 or 3
pleasant sunny convenient rms.; reas.; ref.
HOWARD^ 1604 — 2 or 8 connecting rooms ; com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; cheap rent.
HOWARD, 2381 — 2 or 3 sunny well furnished
roony to adults; $10. ' :• ,', ¦
HYDE, 412 — Sunny front basement suite; coal
or gas stove; yard, laundry; also Iront al-
cove suite.
HYDE, 102(5 — Two sunny, partly furnished,
rooms and gas; housekeeping; $10.
JONES, 614 — Front or back parlor, with kitch-
en; also -single rooms; all sunny; reasonable.
LARKIN, 716 — Sunny front' suite, furnished.
MINNA, 281. corner 4tli — Furnished housekeep-
ing, very cheap and convenient.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, 1251% — Sunny corner house; housa-
keeplng rooms reasonable.
MISSION, 1427B — Housekeeping rooms with
bath. t
MODEL house, newly furnished, 1206 Stockton;
free gas. housekeeping rooms $5 to $10;
sunny; bath. >¦••:>•.
POWELL, 415% — 2 unfurnished rooms suitable
for housekeeping, In rear.
SUTTER, 303 % — Large front suit, housekeep-
ing, gas, running water; also double rooms.
TWO rooms furnished for housekeeping. In-
quire 970 Howard st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Vnfarn.
ARl3Yl2rHTn3r^3TMaMn7t^
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ANGELUS — New— elegantly furnished rooms'
and suites — breakfast. 530 Stockton st.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st.- (br No. 1
Fifth st.) ; rooms 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night.
$150 to $10 per week; house open all night.
BERNICE, 25, bet. 12th & 13th. nr. Harrison.
Nicely furn. rm. for couple or 2 men; single.
BURNETT, 142G Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1084 — Front room and alcove; two side
rooms; sun all day. Telephone Larkin 4133.
CLAY, 1020 — 4 unfurnished rooms, bath, in
good order for housekeeping, $13.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 316 — Swell eunny- front suite; suitable
- for refined couple; piano; every convenience.
ELEVENTH, 120 — A sunny furnished front
room for respectable gentleman; $1 25 week.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
ELLIS, 413^ — Nicely furnished front rooms In
private family.
FOLSOM. 525- : -Neatly furnished, sunny singl*
room. $1 a week. . .
GEARY, 861 — Nicely furnished rooms wit]
bath. . . •
GUERRERO, 1150— To let, two nlcejy furnlsh-
, • ed rooms In the warm belt of the Mission.
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HARRISON. 2410, bet. 20th and 21st— To let. 2
furnished front rooms.
JESSIE,. 478. near 6ti» — Large furnished sunny
.-- f rjmt room, parlor floor; also single.
MINNA, 6C7, corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-
_ window room; ?1 per week; transient.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
PO AICL AND REAL ESTATE.
$1SOO — Cottage. C rooms; street work com-
plete: dose to local station; cheap.
$1500 — Cottage of 5 rooms; street work com-
plete: close to station.
$2000 — Fine modern cottage of 5 rooms; hot
and cold water; on Eleventh st., near local
station; easy terms; will take good lot as first
payment,
$:_KJO— Two-story 7 rooms; lot 50x100; fore-
closure; must be sold; eary terms; good neigh-
borhood: <ios,e to car lines and local stat.on.
S17r*i — Cottage 4 rooms; good location; near
car lino and school; northwest corner on 12th
ave.; lot 50x150 feet; bank foreclosure; easy
terms; make us an offer.
$JSOO — Two-story house. 7 rooms: lot iOxloO
feet; on 11th ave., close to school, car lines ,
an<1 local; foreclosure; easy terms.
$S50— Hous,e of 6 rooms; near local station
and car lines: cheap.
$110t> — Cottage. 4 rooms; close to local ana
car lines; cheap.
?11OO— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot K«»el-5; fine
view: clofo to car lines.
Jfl2f,0— -Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 3i:6xl35; One
view: close to car line.
$120ii — Cottage. 4 rooms; south front;, near
car line; very easy terms.
J1S00 — Good cottage of 6 rooms; lot 100X
125: close to car line and school.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO..
1016 Broadway, Oaklanci, and room 32, teiond
floor. Mills building. San Francisco.
E- J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND-
$2250 — Fine 'bargain; 6-room. modern cottage,
bath and U_*^_ient; large lot, 52:6x125 feet:
etreet work all done; abundance of berries and
beautiful flowers; near car line and only 6
minutes' walk to local.
$2400 — Large 7-room house; situate 100 feet
west of Grove st.; fine neighborhood; fine large
basement; lot 30x104.
$2SO0 — 6-room cottage; within walking dls-
tence of Broadway; well rented: lot 30x100:
modern In every respect; neat and pretty; easy
terms If necessary; cne year old.
$3000 — New modern 7-room two-story house;
large lot, 40x140 feet; centrally located; close
to electric cars and all other conveniences; in-
eide finish natural white wood.
$3250 — Very fire building lot on Telegraph
ave.; size 50x100 feet; will exchange for a nice
6 or 7 roomed cottage well located and rented
to good advantage.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway.
$1500 — $200 DOWN. $20 per month; modern
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; In flrst-
class condition; eunny side; close to San
Pablo ave.; No. 1066 32d Bt.; rents for
$15 per month; go and eee it.
(3000 — Just completed; excellent house of 7
rooms; every convenience; lot 40x140;
sueet work complete; No. 853 32d Bt.,
between Grove and San Pablo.
ttCOO— Cottage of 4 rooma and bath: one block
from 23d-ave. station; sunny side; in-
sured for $800.
fnOO— In Piedmont; 6 -roomed cottage In fine
condition; lot 60 feet front; street work
all done; 6unny and very desirable; one-
half block to cars; immediate vicinity
of the elegant residences of Senator
Perkins, Alex Young Esq.. Orestes
Pierce Esq. and Frank C. Havens Esq.;
a big bargain; see the property and be
convinced; No. 233 Oakland ave.
12600 — Weet Oakland; house of 6 rooms and
bath; No. 1366 Eleventh, near Klrkham.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
460 Tenth et., Oakland, Cal.
$2250— AN IDEAL BEAUTY.
New cottage of 5 rooms; open and nickel
plumbing; decorated ceilings; never been oc-
cupied; large basement; large lot; fine neigh-
borhood; only a block and a half from the
local train; near business center; terms only
$250 cash; It Is a rare bargain; seeing is be- ;
lievlng; my Instructions are to sell. 3. S.
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland. CaL
*4S00 — PRESENT cash market value $6000.
New colonial 6-room house, large dining-
room, highly panelled in rare selection of
curly redwood; frescoed and decorated eell-
lsgc; open and nickel plumbing; command-
tag an elegant view of Oakland and sur-
roundings; adjoining properties ranging In
value from $10,000 to $20,000; only 10 min-
utes from business center; only been occu-
pied one year; owner must sellj $1000 cash,
balance mortgage. J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal.
$5750— PRESENT CASH VALUE $8000.
House of 9 rooms, bath and furnace; every-
thing In the latest and best sanitary condi-
tion; nice large barn; lot 75x125; eltuated in
Linda Vista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes; owner cannot occupy the prem-
ises and so prefers to sell rather than rent.
J. 6. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
*~ BARGAINS.
ALDEN CO., 1118 Broadway.
$2250 — A fine modern oottare of 6 rooms,
bath and deep lot, with fruit trees, etc; this
place Is a snap and price reduced from $2800
for quick sale; fine location; near Grove st. and
Telegraph ave.
$1150 — Also bouse of 6 rooms sear Oak sta-
tion; Oak Et., near Sixth.
$lTI>0 — Also 6-room cottage on runny side of
Sixth et.. near the park; cost $2500.
ALDEN CO.,
1118 Broadway. Oakland.
REDUCED from $2750— That fine two- story
house of 7 rooms, situated only 6 minutes'
walk from narrow gauge station. Fourteenth
and Broadway; house Is In fine condition,
and must be sold, as owner is a non-resi-
dent and says we can let It go for $2000. See
this. JAS. S. NAISMITH. 471 Twelfth ft.
FOR SALE.
$3000, mortgage $1000, two-story cottage, nine
rooms, bath, laundry; easily changed to two
tenements; shop; pleasant grounds; near
school, churches, cars; good neighborhood;
lot 64x125; north side street. Inquire at
premises, 1622 Ninth St., Oakland.
11750— BARGAIN In lodging-house, and well
located.
13000 — Also candy business in Oakland for
•ale en account of sickness.
$1500 — Partner wanted In grocery, 2 stores :
call and examine. Call or address ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
XK) you want a bargain In Oakland property?
If bo call on JAS. S. NAISMITH, 471 12th st.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
$55— ELEGANT residence; 12 rooms, with car-
pets; barn; large grounds, 100x150; fruit
trees; flowers; 7th ave.; handy to cars and
local trains.
$40— Colonial upper flat; 8 rooms; newly
painted and papered throughout; handy to
both locals.
E. J. STEWART St CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR rent — One of the choice homes in Oak-
land; 10 rooms; central: $45. W. E. BAR-
NARD. 476 Tenth St., Oakland.
4 FURNISHED rooms and bath. 1608 23d ave.,
E. Oakland; references exchanged.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
_TTY^t)F^ICH_IONrJ!
CITY OF RICHMOND.
Tb* coming city of the West, situated on the
•t_t side of San Francisco Bay. adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of tha Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Cos.. location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots In the City of Richmond.
FROM $1SO UP.
$25 DOWN. $5 PER MONTH.
BEE THESE LOTS'.
Prices will advance July 1.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R: R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed fres. ,
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc>,
Room 182, Crocker building, S. F.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS. SANTA FE.
$5 A MONTH.
v Buy Now While Lots are Cheap.
LOTS LEVEL— STREETS ALL GRADED.
Beep Water Where Rail and Ship Meet.
Terminus of Great Banta Fe R. R.
$3,000,000 Standard Oil Co.'s Refinery.
New Terminus Southern Pacific. s
Greatest liesil Estate Opportunity Ever Of-
fered on Pacific Coast.
McEWHN BROS.. 118 Montgomery s_,
Sole Agents.
SAi:SALITO REAL ESTATE.
THE mort beautiful suburb of San Francisco-
on Marin County shore; 30-minute ferry ride-
infcgnificent view of the city, bay and eur-
raundins.-, including the Presidio. Alcatraz
an>l Angel inlands. Fort Baker and Mount
Tamalpais. The fog. high wind. dust, noise
and din of the city don't disturb. As easily
accessible as the nice residence portions of
Han lYancisco; prices not nearly eo high;
choice home locations for the retired capl-
taiif-t, the active business man, the clerk or
prof e«>ional ; no healthier or pleasanter
a'.ace fcr residence on the coast; bids fair
soon to be a terminal for a transcontinental
lailway; good location for a commercial and
savings bank: fine oix?nlng for one or more
florists and nurserymen; room, too, for profit-
able shipyard, foundry, planing mills, etc.
FINE large lot. South Sausalito. for sale very
cheap. Apply M. C. KEAN, Sausalito.
_Tj-T^ nmr-i i_HW_i r ¦¦ *-^.-._ — .. --i-Court Zenith, Foresters of America,' on
the v nlght of the 25th inst.,- celebrated the
fifteenth ¦ anniversary «of Its institution
rORESTEES 0F^ AMERICA.
The second entertainment given by the
Native Sons' Literary and Social Club
on the night of the 25th of June in Na
tive Sons' Hall was, a delightful affair,
and there is every indication that uueh
entertainments, when they are better
known by. members of the Native Sons
and Daughters, will become very popu
lar.. The programme was made up of the
following numbers:
March, "The Harlequin" (Hirst) ; selection,
"The Serenade" (Herbert); cake' walk, ."Th»
Mobile Prance" (Brown),' Hynes' Orchestra;
weird, wonderful witchery, -Wanek, the wizard;
soprano solo, "Queen of the Earth" (Pinsutl),
Mrs. L. K. • Hagenkamp; % specialties and t toe
dancing, the child-favorite. Little Alma Wuth
rlch; bass solo,- "The Charmed Cup," 'R.' E.
Kecne. '..¦ Comedietta, . "A- Happy Pair" — Mr.
Honeyton, JVilliam E.' Wallace; Mrs. : Honey ton,-
Mis3 Jean Baldwin; Mr. Honeyton's I villa,'to
day. .-¦
The programme was. followed by an or
der of ten dances. The function was un
der the : direction; of /members of •Niantic
Parlor, with President M. H. Hernan^ as
chairman, y who was assisted by the fol
lowing named: ;.. ; .
Reception committee — Hon. Lewis . F. Bying
ton. chairman; J.iB.Keenan, A. <W. Borchers
Stephen C. Glover, Hon. _. E. Schmitz Cap
tain-J. F.-- Eggert, , Flnlay Cook, s Floor direc
tor — John F.- Twomey.- Assistant floor direc
tor—W. E. CarrolL ¦ Floor/ committee — Frank
Mordecal, : Charles , F. Plate,' Dr. ' E. ; L. Better
ton, '- Archie L. , Gage, ' Frank . Kaufman.
Future entertainments "will be given on
the fourth Wednesday. of each month. .
>A new parlor of the Native Sons of
the.Golden West has been organized, with
seventy-two petitioners for a charter. It
.will be known as Twin Peaks Parlor and
it will meet In Progress Hall at Twenty
fourth and Church streets. When three
more members : shall ' have been secured
the petition for a charter will be pre
sented to the proper, officials. The fol
lowing named have been chosen to be the
officers of the new subordinate: William
Wynne, president; . John Schadd, vice
president; A. H. Fahrenholz, treasurer;
T. Pendergast. secretary; Chris Connell,
sentinel, and Drs. J. H. Seymour and J.
H. Connolly, surgeons. !
THE' NATIVE SONS.
Brigadier General O. H. Brower,' com
manding the Patriarchs of California, left
this city yesterday for Watsonville with
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Tho arrand matron is making visits in
the northern part of the State. She last
week visited parlors in Truckee, Nevada
City and Oroville.-;
California Chapter at its last held ses
sion elected eight strangers and received
several petitions, ¦ :..fg*>_g_)l)asiaPWjHfeflB|
Ivy Chapter had a pleasant social , ses
sion last Tuesday. niKht.
Olive Branch Chapter of the Order of
the Eastern Star has, in view of the fact
that within a period of" six months six of
its members have married, has been named
the brides' chapter. Last . Monday night
there was, despite the vacation season, a
good attendance of members and visitors,
there being among the latter Worthy,
Grand Matron Clara A. Giberson, Worthy
Grand Patron Sweeney of Arizona, Grand
Secretary Mrs. Willats and a number of
the present and past grand officers of thu
local chapters. The chapter initiated
three strangers, balloted for three cond>
dates and received three applications, then
to wind up the lucky number, three,':pre
sented to each of its three latest brides-
Mrs. Straus, formerly Clprico: Mrs. Hop
pen, formerly McConky, and Mrs. Court
wright, formerly Kelly— a beautiful bunch
of white roses tied with a -navy blue silk
ribbon, having inscribed thereon the name
of the chapter and that of the donee. Af r
ter a few short addresses by the promi
nent visitors there was an adjournment
to the banquet hall, where a toothsome
collation was served and there was a^
cial hour. ;
THE EASTERN" STAR.
At a meeting of the San Francisco Cab
inet held last week the committee on en
tertaining the membership of San Josa
Council of the National Union reported
that on or about the 20th of September
was the time selected for griving that coun
cil a banquet in reciprocation of the en
tertainment of the cabinet some time ago
when that body visited the Garden
It was also suggested that the president,
vlc6 president, ex^president and speaker
of the councils in Alameda County and
other localities be invited. '
The new folder of the cabinet has been
issued'and is a neat booklfet^which gives
the name and address of each member of
the order in this city and of those In. A a
rneda, Berkeley and Oakland. ¦ It also
contains much valuable information
about the order, which now has a mem
bership of more than 60,000.
San Francisco Council at its ast held
meeting presented live applications for
membership, showing the members of .the
San Francisco Cabinet, who on that night
Said thl council an oftlcial visit, that San
Francisco is alive and hustling.
Henry W. Maass. who at the recent ses
sion of the assembly of the National
Union was elected the third senator from
this State, is one of the very energetic
members of tho order in this c ty. and
t^e hone of his friends, and they, are
rnanvis that he will distinguish himself
in the senate of the Union at its session,
which will open at Nla E ura Falls, on
the loth of July. He is a member of Pa
cinc Council, has filled every chair in. the
council chamber and is an expeTt in U19
memorized and ritualistic work.
NATIO1TAL UNION.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge will have its
"Loan Art Exhibit" in its lodgeroom to
morrow evening and from the'prepara
tions that have been made it is apparent
that this. will be one of the most success
ful affairs that this lodge has ever got up.
Amity Lcfdge of the Rebekahs on the
night of the -21st of June had a grand
entertainment . and dance in its lodge
room, 'and that It proved a great success
was due to the efforts of- the committee
composed^ of J. G. Beckert, Miss Pauline
Unger and Mis. Sadie Sands. There was
a piano solo by Miss Louise Lanzie; spe
cialties, H.-W. Osthoff; duet, Miss Tillie
Macphee and J. Bettin; recitation, Miss
A. Olney; cornet solo, T. Toomy; piano
solo, Miss Maud Coggins; recitation, Mrs.
Captain Ulberg and Miss Emma Langer.
Dancing until .midnight, followed.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge on Wednesday,
night, June 25, gave the last of its social
entertainments under the supervision of
Noble Grand Miss Sarah A. Draffln,' whose
term, will expire at the next meeting, on
which occasioh there will be a public in
stallation of the njew offlcers_by District
Deputy President Gabrielle Gress and her
staff. During the 1 past term, which has
been a most successful one, Miss Draffln
initiated nineteen candidates and one was
admitted : by card. Nearly 'all of -the
initiates: were_;,adjnjtted into the lodge on
the application-of the noble grand. The
record is a remarkable one in this that
nearly all of the candidates were mem
bers of the subordinate branch. The en
tertainment given last : Wednesday night
was a fishpond* and a dance and there was
not one who drew from the fishpond that
did not receive something that was useful.
District Deputy President Gabrielle
Gress ha3 appointed as her principal as
sistants Minnie F. Dobbin, marshal; Liz
zie Stanton, warden; Captain Allle M.
Parker, secretary and drillmaster; Eola M.
Cyrus, treasurer, and M. Lewis, . inside
guard. She has also selected a. full staff
of escorts and staffbearer. She will make
visitations' for the purpose of installing
the new officers as follows; July 1, Jubilee
Rebekah Lodge; 2d, Oriental; 5th Cali
fornia; - 7th,- Loyal; 12th,* -Mission; 19th,
Amity, and 26th, Templar.
Templar Rebekah Lodge had a very
pleasant party on the night of June 21
In its hall and the many who attended
spent a most enjoyable evening.
Templar Rebekah Lodge gave its semi
annual banquet last night in the Odd Fel
lows' building to the officers who have
served duringrtha current; term and will
retire. from office. There was a large at
tendance and a number of congratulatory
addresses were made in recognition of the
good work done by the office during the
term. . * • . ' \ • ; ,
THE. REBEKAHS.
Holo, "Plule de Corall" (Durand), Professor
S M Crow iCecilian piano player); bally in
Our Alley." California Masonic Quartet;, se
lected, O. S. Henderson, deputy grand _ mas
ter; "A Mason's Duty." E. C. Atkinson U
Dorado" (Bartlett), Professor ,S. M. Crow,
"The Grand Lodge of California. H. H. Hart,
tenor solo. D. M. Lawrence; "New Ritual,
George M Perine; "Wine. Woman and Song. [
ProfSkor £ M. Crow; "selected. Lieutenant
rJ>vernor J H Neff; "Starr King Lodge," U.
| 6 in"s°hber C ; eelected. J W. A»£«?°f *»£•
Knlo E G McBain; selected. Franklin „.
Day- "\lways"' California Masonic Quartet;
"The eirc^mbulatin* Encyclooedia." George
Johnson, grind secretary; tenor bojo. Dr. R.
\V Smith; "Ante-Room Contingent, H. A.
KilMr ¦elected. H, F. Wright: "Black Clh
j ii«» PrnWsor B M Crow; selected, J.
B " If^us: '"The Walti !/• California Masonic
Oi'.artet- "Fraternity," Frank McGowan; Cali
fornia Masonic Quartet: "Masonry in the
AriVv " R. H. Warfield: "Masonry— Its Moral
Influence " Kd Coleman, grand treasurer;
••CalKomta. Lodge." Pant Master E H .Hills,
and "Just a " Few Words," Dr. William C
HasEler.
ings of Masons that has been
held In many a day. It was managed by
B. Cohen, chairman' of the general com
mittee, assisted by I. L. David, F, G.
Johnson, Dr. G. B. Daniels, S. F. Hlg-
Roy"A. Daniels, "John Speck; W.: A.;
Keller and Harry Cohen. In addition to
the toast to be responded to by' Grand
Master Wells, who sent his regrets at In
ability to be present, the following burned
were on the programme for responses and
music: . ;
¦ HE banquet given in the Cali
f~~y—v-^ fornia Hotel by the newly
_/f I raised brethren of Starr King
(I 1 Lodge, F. and A. M., under
\^—L-^ dispensation June 24, was one
v * ' of the most pleasant gather-
Last Friday night Presidio Lodge moved
Into its new quarters in the Odd Fellows'
building and the event was celebrated by
the initiation of candidates, a, visit from
the San Francisco Board of Relief and a
general good time after meeting.
Spartan Lodge on last Monday had work
in the initiatory degree in Its lodgeroom
In South San Francisco.
his staff for the purpose of- mustering in
a new canton in that place. At San Jose
the party was joined by the membership
of San Jose Canton No. 9, which is to as
sist in the work. The new canton, which
starts with thirty-three members, will be
known at Watsonville No. 32.
PACIFIC . COUNCIL'S MEMBER
WHO WILL REPRESENT NA
TIONAL UNION AT THE SENATE.
.¦...' - ¦ ->.¦_
with an entertainment and a dance in
the. social hall of the Alcazar building.
The -attendance was so large that many
were unable to enter the hall to enjoy
the excellent programme that was pre
sented and which was made up of the fol
lowing number^:
Overture, Setup's \Orchestra; remarks.
Chairman Dr.- C. B. Best; song. Master Roy-
Rogers; soprano solo. Miss Mabel Jackson
Christes; our German friends, Maserlno broth
ers; selections, the Misses Upham; selections.
Professor Walter- Clarkson's mandolin and
guitar class; sing, "Holy City," Charles Cohn;
song. Miss Lillie Houlihan, accompanist Miss
"Agnes Houlihan; selections, three Bills; sons,
Miss , Birdie Treanor, accompanist Miss Celia
Treanor; song:. W. D. Donaldson, accompanist
Mrs. "W. D. Donaldson.
After the programme there was danc
ing, the serving of a collation and ice
cream. The affair was under the direc
tion of the following named committees:
. Arrangements — D. Mannix. L. Jv Baker, F.
V. Bode. ¦ F. _cArdle. A. H. Bocarde, E. "W,
Hat'ghy, W. P. Froment, F. A. Klein, F. P.
Kearney. Dr. B. C. Best, G. C.-Berg, W. A.
Bode, "W. A. Lynch, T. G. Klein, C. Dedo
menico, Reception— H. Wollert, J. Burns, P.
Raffa, . H. Haase, J. Byan, B. J. Nolan, R..
Merel. H. MacSorley. Floor manager — F. P.
Kearney. Assistant floor managers — W. A.
Botte, F. A. Klein, F. V. Bode.
On the night of June 18 Grand Chief
Ranger Wolfe, accompanied by Grand
Secretary- Cordy, paid a visit to Court
Oakland. On the 17th of July the grand
chief ranger will visit Court Prida of
Marysville, on which occasion a large
class of candidates, will be initiated. •
Court Golden j Era Social Club, com
posed of members of the court, will give
a private picnic at San Rafael on . the
20th of July.
Grand Chief Ranger Wolfe., has. ar
ranged to go to Merced in the company
ot the grand secretary, to visit the court
there located. .
Court America celebrated its sixteenth
anniversary by giving a grand ball : at
the Potrero Opera-house, which was con
ducted under the auspices of the follow
ing committee: M. Fontes, C. Rasmussen,
Cas. -Rassmussen, F. Collins and H.
Frank. There was a large attendance
and a well arranged programme of
dances.- . ¦;
During' the past six weeks Court Sutro
Heights has suffered theyloss of three
members by death— A. J. Abrams, George
A.'Eayer's and J. C. Adams. ¦ ;
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal H.
Schaffner paid a visit on last Friday to
Truckee and on Saturday he visited Reno
in the interest of the order and incidental
ly had something to say about the ap
proaching Pythian celebration. ..
i A new company of the Uniform. Rank
was mustered in at Crockett last night by
Colonel J. P. Abbott. , •
A new lodge of Pythians "will be insti
tuted at Whittier. on the 12th of July.
Orders have been issued calling the Cal
ifornia Brigade Uniform Bank into camp
during August. '
Bay City Lodge had work in tlie knight
rank, long: form, on the 25th inst., and
it has scheduled work for every meeting
up to August 6. , -
Dirigo Lodge of Oakland will celebrate
its first anniversary on the 1st of July.
Within the year the lodge has increased
its membership to 200. That membership
is so select that it has been designated
the kid glove lodge.'
AS GOD IN ATE-ROOMS
Form Mining Company.
The Toledo Gold Mining Company was
incorporated yesterday with a capital
stcck of $500,000, The directors, each of
•whom has subscribed $5, are W. A.
Nevills, William Forsyth, T. D. Riordan
M. 1J. Hecht and Horace G. Platt.
THE sXK FR^KCISCO CALIi/ SUNDAY, JU^K 29, _IK)_.
35
BAIL WAY TSAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains lo»*» snd »r« due to arrive at
sAX FKANCWCO.
. QUtn Line, Foot of Marlcet Strett ) ¦ < .
i.KvTit — FitoM J«x* 23, IW2. — *«!"*«
7.C0a Uenlcta, SuUan, Eha!r» «nd Sacra-
.- munto • 5'22 P
7.00a Vacavlile. Winters, Runuey 7.65*
7.33a Martinez. San lUinoo, Vallejo, ¦
>a>pa. Caliatosa, Santa Rosa 6-25P
8.Q3a D»v!».Wood!airo. Knight* Lamllnff.
- Muryavtlle, Orovlllo 7.65F
8-QQa. Atlantic Kxpres»— OsdenandEaat. 8.25a
8.Q0a Mies, Lmlifop. Stockton 7-Z5*
' 8-COa i; (!•-,•». Meudutai Haaford, VUalla,
rorterviile 4.5a*
C33a Slmsia Exprsis— Parlt, Williams
(for IWtlett Spriasi). Willow*,
Ued bluff, Portland. 74»W
8.33a S«u Ju«e, Llvermore. Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Placerville,
Marysville. Chtco. Bed Bluff 4.2p
8.30a Oaiiitaie.Cnlnese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4««'
9.00a Vallejo ¦¦••• iZ-Za*
8.00a Los Aneele* Eipress — Mtirtinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced. -
Kaymond.Kresno and Lo« Angeles g-ZgA
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and \7ay Sutloas 7.5o?
10.00a Haywanl. Klles »nd 17ay Stations. t12.55P
10.00a The Oreriand Limited — Ostdon,
Denvcri Om»hs. Chicago J .-?ss p
ti.OO? Sacramento Klver Ste»m«r» Tli.OU*
3.0t)r Benicla. Winteri. Baeramento,
Woodland, William*. Willows,
Knishts Landing. MarysTille.
Orovtlle 'Sir 4
3.30P nayward.Nllc» and Way Station*.. 7-55P
4.00r Martlnez.San Bamon.V*Uejo,N»pa,
CaliitOBa, Santa Kosa l--\;-' -2s|i
4-OOp Nile*. Llvermore, Stockton. Lodi.. IZ-Zg*
4.30P Hayward,Klle»,SanJo»eXlTermore t8.55A
4.30? The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersflsld, Saugna tor Santa
— Barbara, Lo» Angeles....--.. .."i??*
B.OOp PortCoita.Tracy,Latnrop,Stockton 1025 a
6.00p Martiaex, Antloch. Stockton, M«- _ „
ced, Rayruond, Freino....'.
B.3(h» ITIlcs Local Z-fS*
6.00P Uaywtrd. Slles aad San Jose. «r«c
6.00P Vallejo llZS*
6.00f Oriental Mill— Ogden, Denrer,
Omaha, St. Lonls, Chicago 4.25»
7.00» San Pablo. Port Costa, Mart— M
and Way Stations. *Vie
tJ-BOr Vallejo .•¦•• f-iar
8-OSp Oreson * California Expreii— Sac-
ramento, Marysville, Ecddln*.
* Portland, Pusret Sound and East, ¦•go*
t9.10r Hayward and Nlles t11-88*
COAST LINE (Sjrrow tJange).
i (foot ut Market Street.) n
J7.45a Santa Cruz Escurslon J3.06*
8.15a Newark, Centerville. San Jote,
Telton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5.60*
t2-15P JfewarS, Centerville. San Joie.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Crux and Principal
Way Stations. 10.50a
-4.15P Newark, San Jose. Loa Gatot * 8 -$9*
64.1 Sp San Jote. Los Gatoa. Santa Crn3... cS.SOa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KB AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
-47:13 1:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 300 5.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 ti:OI
. tS:0u 10:00 a.m. 12 CO 2.00 4-00 P.M. 7
COAST LI N E (Broad Gang*).
(Third and Townaend Btreet*.)
6.10a San Jo«e and Way Stations. S.ZOi*
+7.C0A San Jose and Way Stations 7.30?
/7.00a New Almaden /4.10v
£7.15a Monterey Excursion C3.30?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gi!roy,Hol!tster,SaIlnait,SanLala
Obispo, Sxnta Barbara. Los Aa ««•
' let and Frlnelpal Intermediate
\ ••.*'<¦. Stations 10.45*
8.03a San Joae, Tres Plnos. 8anta Cruz,
Paclfle Grove, Salinas, San Lais
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10v
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36 a
11.30a Saa Jose. Los Gatos undWayStatlons 530p
a1.30p San Jose and Way Stations..;.;.... o7C0f
tZ.OOP S»n Jose and Way Stattoni t8.Q0.fc
t3.00p Del Monte Express— Only stops Saa
- Joie t1201»
3-33? San Mateo, Bedwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Trea
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterty and PaclSc
Grove , 10.43a
4.30p SanJoioandPrinclpalWayStations 1.30p
tS-OQp San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* *9.C0a
5.30? San Jose and Principal W*y Stations 1 0.00a
tS.15P San Mateo, Eelmont, Bedwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t3.46A
6.3D? San Jose and Way Stations 6.38a
7.Q0p New 'Orleans Express — San Lnls
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An*
gelns, Demlnf . El Paso, New
' -¦ Orleans and East. 10.15a
«11.45p Palo Alto and Way Stations +9.45?
•1J.45P San Jose and Way Stations t9.45P
A for Morntae. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excep'.ed. t Sunday only,
a Saturday onl?. c Monday only.
b Saturday and _ ' /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only. n Dally except Saturday.
CALIFOfiMA NORTHWESTERN It CJ
LESSEES
SAM rRAHCiSCa ANJ NOSTS PACltli
_ IIAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FUAJTCISCO TO SAJI RAFAEli.
WEiSK "DAI'S— 7:30, 9;0O, 11:00 a. m.; _:35.
S:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:00 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips %t
1:50 and 11:30 p. xa.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 and 6:20 o. m. ¦ '
SAX ltAKAE _ TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
¦WKE_ DAYS— «:05, T:35, 7:50. »:2O. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m- Satur-
days— Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 P. m.
SUNDAY*— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:*0.
4:65.-5:05. 6:S5 p. m .
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv»
San Francisco] May 4. 1902. |3an Francises
"Week I Sun- | Destin- ~ I Sun- I Waek
Days. ] day*. | tlon. | days. [ Day*.
7:30 a S:0O a Ignado 9:10 a 8:40a
S:30p 9:30 a ' and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 6:00 p Novato ' 6:05 p 6:20 9
,_-. 7:33 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40a 8:40 a
»:30p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Roaa 7:35 p B:20 s>
Fulton ' „._,
7:30 a • Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservllle #•_ -T
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:33 p 8:28 p
~7:30al 8:00 al : Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 5:00 p| Ukiah I T:35p| 6:20 p
"7:30 a| 8:00a| WilUts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Guernevllla j 7-35 p|10:20 a
3:30 pf 6:C0p| Il0:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 3:00 al • Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5;i0pl5:0Op{ Glen Ellen |6:0Sp|6:20p
"7:3Oa| 8:00 al Sevastopol 110:40 a!10:20*
3:30 p| 5:00 p|__ { 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultoa
lor Altrurla: at Iiytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Oeysers and Booneville; at Hopland fop
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyville.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport anU
Bartlett Springs: at Uklan for Vichy Sprtnss.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Pot-
ter Valley Jphn Day's. Riverside. Llerleys,
Buckn.11'8. San Hedrin Heights. HulWUe. Orfa
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens Hopkins, Mendocina City, Fort Brasg,
Westport. Usal: at WUUts for Sherwood. Canto.
Covelo. Laytonville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Pepperwood, Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, (350 Market at.. Chronicle build-
Ins.
H C. WHITINO. B. X. BYAN,
. Gen. Manager. Cer.. Pas*. Art.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via. SausaHto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 19U2.
FROM SAX VAU <S*
*". 4 5, »:46.»U:45 P- m. 7:45 a. m. d0 ,, n^
8:00. -0:00. Woo. U-oo
11^30 am.. 12:30. n:30. 2:30, •S:^ sVoo.":^
! 5_i U 45. 11:* B P. m.
"TTains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
TTKOil SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:15^ 4-&'
U^O a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. 4:40. 3*10. l.^
! XO B 1 UND\Y > S-e:0O. »8:00 r 9:30,.*11:00 a. m
I imo m. t :i:00. 2^15. «3;30. 4:15. •B.-^eSi:
''Tralna marked (?) start from San Quentlt.
FROMilllA VALLEY TO SAN FRA^CISCa
I \VEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:43, S^ £¦£
11:10 a ».. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:10. B:^ j^
1U SU J NDA I YS-«:30, 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 _ „.
12T15. 1:2". '-:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:06, 7:13^ loTw
"^ . THROUGH TRAINS.
,\7:43 a. m. week uays^ — Cazadero _j<J way
'% :15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way •_«
ll< 6:15 P- m. week days (Saturdays «xcepted>—
Torcale* and. way statlans.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way gta-
10:00 a. m- SOndays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
" Legal -Holiday boats and trains wUl run on
Sunday tlite. J • . ,
i'iricVvHilE VASb AMD t
* YUKON ROUTH . /u
" Shortest and quickest rout* to A t-
T llu, Uix Salmon, White H«>r«e. "
* Hootaiinqna< Sterrart River. "
* Klomlike. Knyukak aoil Y«- "
l" lion Minlns Districts. "
t OMLYDIBBCT LINE TODAWFON '.
TEX DAVS SAN FRAXCISCO TO "
' DAWSON.'. , :<<
" For full Information apply, to - "¦<*
11 J. FRANCIS LEE,' S. P. BROWN. "
" Traffic -Msr., Seat- Gen.- Agent,,, 53ft f
.11 tie. Wash.: Skag- Market st.. San «
. f uay, Alaska. . Francisco. . *
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
...
OF THE—
SCOTTISH ONION
INSURANCE COMPANY
•^ t . - •
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON ¦ THE
Jlst day of\ December, A. D. 1901, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to tha
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant- to the provisions of sections
010 and 011 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner: -
J / \ ASSETS.
Real estate owned by Company. . . . $24M62 18
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages:... 1,134,115 30
Cash Market | Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.102.S03 60
Amount of Loans secured by. pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
securities as collateral.. 2,600 00
Cash in Company's Of flee „,..,.. . 87533
Cash In Banks , .:. 260,975 10
Interest due .and accrued on all - •
, Stocks and Loans 25,140 87
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ¦ .-;
and Mortgages 12,367 36
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 527,588 53
Total Assets , . . .$4,404,937 32
\ -¦¦¦'•'¦¦*¦' ' - _
. LIABILITIKS.
Losses adjusted and unpaid,.... $132,815 15
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 113,525 75
Losses resisted, including expenses. 21,681 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or lesn, $1,421,-
817 73 ; reinsurance 50 per cent . . 710, 658 S6
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,-
919,749 48; reinsurance pro lata. L 006, 925 49
All other liabilities '. . . . 192,815 47
Total Liabilities , $2,178,322 17
INCOME. . ¦— —
Net' cash actually received for
Fire premiums ......$2,067,464 62
Received for interest on Bon4s
and Mortgages 49,964 40
Received for Interest and dividend*
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources - 84,071 21
Received for rents 1;833 08
Total Income \ .. 7. ....... .$2,202,333 31
—
EXPENDITURES. -
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $100,936 44, losses of
previous - years) ......... •. . . .$1,880,909 38
Paid or allowed for Commission or . /.
Brokerage , . 440,764 89
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other •
charge's for ' of fleers, clerks, etc.. 95,820 78
Paid for State. National and local
taxes ;." 80,189 87
All other payments and expijndl- •¦ • .
tures ....;... 114,714 64
*•' Total expenditures $2,121,898 97
•. : ¦•¦ -' ': -¦•¦: F1r«.--.
Losses Incurred during the year. .$1,408,866 16
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .\ _ :
written during the
year . . ..... $403,5S2,3SO $4,059,033 80
Net amount I of ¦¦ Risks .
expired during the •
year ............... S81,142,296 3,607.337 08
Net amount in force ¦-' -. - . ,
Dece.mber 31, 1901. 367,690,544 3,311,007 21
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 7th
day of February, 1002.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public
JAS, H. BREWSTER, United States Mgr.
T.J. A. TI.DEMANN, Genera! Ageflt.
Pacific Coast, Hawaii and British
Columbia Department
439 California Street*
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BS. SONOMA, for Honolulu/ Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney..". .Thursday, July 3, 10 a. m
•6S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. ,,-...
-...:.....:.... .:Saturday, July 12, 2.p m'
SS. 'AUSTRALIA; for Tahiti. . . . . . . .... . ... .
<V.. ............. Tuesday, %July 15, 10 a. m.
U. SPRECKEL5&BR0S.C0.; Usssrai A_l3. ; 329 Mari jr
_EB J 1 Pass, Cfflce, 643 Maftet st; Pier flo.,7. Pajjj; k
; ' ¦-':¦; .VAMERiCAVvLMfK.'-"-'.''/ ¦"¦
NEW TORKi SOUTH AMPTO3^«' T^>N D ON.'-
Phila.....July 9, 10am-St::Loul^-/«»Iy.=3.- 10am
St.. Paul. July 16, lOaml Southwj^- Aug. 8. 7:o0a ra
/ it_D STAR Lin« K - »
NEW YORK. ANTWERP- P r A . RIS :
Zeeland. July 5. ' noonlVaderla]™: J ulv . no °n
Frlesland..July l^noontKroonlffd-July, 2b. noon
INTERNATIONAL",- NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS.: D. -< TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,3° : Montgom y st.
OCEAK. STEAMERS.
.pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave San Fran-
wSW-- ci*co 83 follows: - ¦"2.~:
! Kfitftesfc. For Ketchlkan. JuneaJ,
¦ P?j* ;5 v' fts , Stasway etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
; I^te§& ml June CO.. July 5. ¦ 10. 15.
: E8Jj&_ft^j>3 CHanse. to company's tteam-
'¦ i2*S?£Si_Mi trs at Seattle. ¦
I r^SK3?#* K Or victoria, Vancouver,
~> ' Port .Tcwusewi.;.Sratt!e.-Ta-
' coma. Everett. Whateom —
II a. m.. June .".'>. July 5. 10. 13. Change at
Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to,
N, I*. Ry.; at -Vancouver to C i . Ky.
For Eureka (Kuriiboldt Eay)— 1:->0 p. m.. ,
JU For 1: Lo3 "ngeies (via l'ort Los Angeles 1 and
Redondo), San Dieso and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa Sundays. !> a. m ¦
State .of California. Thursday^ 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, sama^ Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simoon. Cayucos. Port (San
Luis Obi spo. Ventura, Hueneme and 'Newport
(?Corona only). *
Corona. June 27. July 5, 13. .
Cobs Bay, 9 a. m.. July;l, 9. (
For Ensenada, Magdaleha Bay. San Jose del
CaboVMazatlan. Altata. La Paz.. Santa Rosal.a,
Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. July 8.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sau-
ln TICKPT O"FPTC_— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen Agents,
Q. D DUNANN Gen. Pass. "Ast.."
~ ' 10 Market at., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
— FOR- '
'}?W- •'¦ Uv > LEAVE SEATTLE:
VALE\n4. "......- 9 P- m -. July S
SENATOR.::::....-.. 9 p. m.. July 16 (about)
And fortnightly thereafter during the Beaaon.
Thft new and elegant steamships Senator and
Valencia made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
TIC % '~"' n OFFICE — * New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass Agt..
lO^Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
. ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, aJ
LO^VEST ___ _ l _ IS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22, July 2, 12, 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27, July 1, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st., 11a.m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK./ Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR*
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . ' '¦
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
Saturday, June 28. 1902
SS NIPPON MARU... Thursday, July 24, 1902
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, August lp\ 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. Agent
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Gia Sud Americana de Vaporss
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. SaJUng from How-
ard 8, pier 10, 12 m. , >
AREQUIPA July l|GUATEMALA...Aug. 2
PERU July 23 1 COLOMBIA Aug. 15
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
' (No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office, 316 California st.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. 'Gen. Agents.
COMPAGNIB GENERALS TRAN8ATLAKTI(Ju'S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead oJ i?Sfr_J>
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42,<»^He«S
North River, foot of Morton street.
' First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second-
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AMD BIVEB STE__tERS.
FOB "0. S. NAVY YARD AND' VALLEJO,
Steanien.GEN. FRISBIS cr M0NTICSLL9
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and
office, pier 2,- Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. '
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
" J T 7 - Llm'dl \
Local Mon&] Local OVrl'd
. % % Daily Thurs l Dally Dally
Lv San'. Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
*' Merced... 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a
" Fresno... 4:10p 2:35p S:15a
i "-Hanford.. 5^.58 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
••Vlsalla... B:SSp 6:00a
•• B'kersfd. 8:10 p 6:20 p 7:35 a
" KanClty 2:31a 8:02a
•• Chicago.-! 2:15 p 8:47 p
a lor morning, p for afternoon.-
9:00 a. m. Dally 13 Bakersfield Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
daily.
9:00 a_m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep- '
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld fcr
accommodation of local • first-class passen-
gers. ' No • second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
:i 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally:
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
\^ Jri i IL> /\ Cjt U
'.'h-'ILESS t "*»
• 3 DAYS
From .
San FrsCncisco at 1O a. n^
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
&' NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawing-Koom
and Private Compartment • Observation
E'eeplng Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet, Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Dally Tourist Car Service at fl p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions tvrry
\Vedneiiday and ; Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. .. Tbe best of everything.
R.R. RITCHIE
617 .MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Paiifis Coiit
: Palace Hotel San Francisco.
flOUNT TAM ALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave *¦ Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- nmKUKa . Mlm^ m^ f™^)^
I Daya._d3ys^^ htitft , wTwra#fTl^_days ; _pays.
9:30a. 8:00 A. K __g 1««. M 7_ U-^ *• *g*S
s . • • ii.Oftl A.K.,W«fcD»J»« 1 J- 4-50P . ..
> lisop! 'WIUIOFTIMIMB"- sloO V. \..—
1 2:30 V. Op«»l« 'he year round. 8:15 P
SATURDAYS OM.Y-I**" Tnm. fcSO r. wt*. Su IradMll 11:» p.
Tloket OQCM. Cl fI.VUK.ET STREET ud SACS—WO IIAAX.
family residence. 812 Fell /street, Monday,
June 20. at 1 o'clock. Interment private.
GREELEY— In this city, June 28, 1002, at the
residence, S39 Howard street, Hanora. be-
loved- wife of the late John Greeley. mother
of Mamie. Dora, John, Nellie, Thomas and
William Greeley, sister of Thomas Rodjcer-
eon and the late Bridget McDermott, Maria
Jordan and Michael Kodgerson, and aunt of
Thomas, Katie and Bernard McDermott and
Michael Rodieerson, a native of Castle French,
liarfsa of Kilrone. County Galway, Ireland,
aged 48 years and 9 months.
HARTSON— In Naca. Cal.. June 28, 1902.
Electa B. Hartson, relict of the late Chan-
cellor Hartson. and beloved mother of Bur-
nel! C, Channing and Daisy Hartson.
C^Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
July. 1. at 10:30 o'clock, from Centenary
Methodist Episcopal Church In Napa.
HOBBS— At rea, June 11, 1902, on board
steamer Friederich der Grosse, J. K. C.
• Hobbs, beloved husband of Henrietta N.
Hobbs. and father of Elvira W. and Clar-
ence W. Hobbs. a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged 55 years 10 months and 7 days. • ,
(—'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1:30 o'clock, from Golden Gate. Hall, 025
Sutter street, under the auspices of Golden
Gate Comraandery No. 16, ICT. Interment
. private.
OFFICERS and members of Excelsior Lodge
No. 12«, A. O. U.' W.. are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, J. K.
C. Hobbs, to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock,
from Golden Gate Hall, (J25 Sutter street.
J. R. HELEN, Recorder.
HOLLAND— In El Paso, Texas, June 21* 1902,
Harry G., beloved husband of Meta Holland,
father of Ruth Holland, 6tepf ather of Mil-
ton Schroeder, and son of Caroline and the
late Ellison Holland, a native of Kansas.,
eged 25 years 9 months and 15 days. A
member of Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Wood-
men of the World, and Court Lincoln No.
8517, A. O. of F. (Lodi papers please copy.)
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 2y. at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HL'NTINGTON— In Napa, Cal.. June 25, 1902,
Heber Huntington, beloved husband of Emma
M. Huntingion^ and father of Dr. William
D., Lloyd and Oscar Huntineton and Mrs.
Hiram Boehm, a native of Illinois, aged W
years 1 month and 2 days.
JACOBSr-In this city, June 28, 1902, Matthew
H., dearly beloved son of Nathaniel H. and
Aldanita Jacobs, and. brother of Edward L.
and Frank J. Jacobs, a native of California,
aged 19 years 1 month and 5 days,
ICT" Funeral services Monday, June 30, at 2
o'clock, at the residence, 640 Lyon street.
Interment private, in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JALLU — In this city, June'27, 1002, Francois,
beloved husband of Leonide Jallu, beloved
father of Leon. Ernest. Henry and Victor
Jallu and Alice Joris, father-in-law of Ber-
tha Jallu and Lucien Joris, and brother-in-
law of Mr. and Mrs. Hypolite Cardinet and
Antoine Lefebvre, a native of France, aged
68 years 11 months and 5 days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 29, .l»02, at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 803 Sansome street, corner- ot
Pacific, thence to the French Church of
Notre Dame dee Victoires, where services
will be held, commencing at 9:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JARDINE— In this city, June 28, 1902. John
Leo, beloved Infant son of Robert and Ade-
laide Jardine, a native of San Francisco.
JORGENSEN— In this city. June 2S, 1002.
Harold Cecil, beloved son of Andrew and
Tinie Jorgensen % and brother of Howard and
Andrew JoreenBen, a native of Napa, Cal.,
aged 10 months and 2 days.
McCRUM — In this city, June 27. 1902, at his
residence, 2319 California street, Hugh, be-
loved husband of Helen M. McCrum. a na-
tive of Belfast, Ireland, aged t>5 years 10
months and 12 days.
lC?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, June 29, at 10
o'clock, from his late residence, 2319 Cali-
fornia street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. » ;
MAHAUT— In this city. June 28. 1902, Emma,
beloved mother of Clara Mahaut, and sister
of Mary A. and Eliza Green, a native of
, Cambridge, England, aged 70 years 1 month
and 28 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 30. 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, from the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, i'475 Mission street, near
- Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
MOORE — In S*n Anselmo, June 27, 1902, Eve-
read S. Moore, son of Frank K. and Mary
E. Moore, and grandchild of Mr. and Mrs.
Silas Moore, a native of San Francisco, aged
11 years 7 months and 17 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, San Aneelmo. Take 12:30 o'clock boat
from San Francisco, via Sausalito. - Senii
flowers in care S. Moore. San Anselmo. In-
~ tnrment Mount Tajnalpals Cemetery, San
Rafael. - ¦ - .
KEILSEN — In this city, June 28, 1902, Charles
E,, beloved husband of Annie Nellsen, a na-
tive of Denmark, aged 70 years.
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, t>73^ Harrison street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
NEWHALL— In Gilroy, June 27, 1902, Mrs.
Josephine Neyhall. beloved wife of George
Newhall, ana niece of Mrs. Jacob Raither
and Mrs. A. D. Leach of Oakland. •
REED — In this city. June 29, 1902, Annie
Reed (nee McGoniele), dearly beloved wife
of Albert Reed, loving mother of Allle and
Eddie and the late Ruth and Eleanor Reed,
devoted daughter cf Cornelius and the late
Ellen McGcnicle, and only sister of Mrs.'
Bernard Ward, a native of San Francisco,
a^ed SO years.
RUSSELL — In this city. June 27, 1902, entered
Into rest, Thomas S. Russell, beloved hus-
band of E'.nma F. Russell, and beloved
father of Albert B. Russell, a- native of New
Bedford, Mass., aged 72 years. (New Bed-
ford, Mass.. and Providence, R. I., papers
please copy.)
E^Tunere! from hi« late residence, 1626
' Larkia street, to-day, June 29, at 2 o'clock.
STREHL— In this city, June 27. 1002, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Charles Strehl, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged eS years
7 months and 11 days.
pyFriends end acquaintances are respect-
fuily invited to attend the funeral to-day
% (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, lrom her late resi-
dence, V-2 Post street, between Hyde and
Larkin. . Interment private. Laurel Hill
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers, ¦
ETROHL— In this City, June 27, 1902, God-
frey, dearly beloved husband of Salome
Strohl, beloved father of Louis, Georsre, Ed-
ward and Madeleine Strohl and Mrs. William
T. Blackburn, and brother of Jacob Strohl, a
native of Alsace, aged 59 years ' 7 months
and 1 day.
cyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Sunday, June 29,
1902, at 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 620
Green street, thence to I. O. O, F, Ceme-
tery.
A. O U. W'. — Golden Gate Lodge No. 8, A. O.
U. W.. Prottction Hall, Shlels building. 32
O'Farrell street — Officers and Membersr<
You are hereby notified to assemble In your
lodgeroom to-day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, to :
attend the funeral of our lato brother, G.
Strohl. Fines for non-attendance. By order
ABE GLASSMAN, Master Workman.
SAMUEL J. LEVY, Recorder.
TOBIN— In this city, June 20, 1902. at the
] residence, Vi~5 Masonic avenue, Sarah Tobin.
I beloved mother of Mrs. W. T. Martin and
j the late Mrs. Alice Wilcoxon.
I cyinterment Marysville. Cal."'*: •v'i. "*
TURNOCK— In this city, June 28, 1902. Sarah
Turnock. a native of England, aged S(J years.
WELCH — In this city, June 2S, 1002, at his
residence, 35C2 MJsblon Htreet. Bartholomew,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Welch
and father cf Mrs. J. Hurley, Mrs. G. Brlce,
Mrs. F. Gorman and Mre. A. ReinUardt, a
native of Ireland, ased 53 years.
WILL — In this city. June 28,-1802,' Henry
i Will, beloved husband of Maggie Will, and
' biloved father of Dlna; Lizzie and Lillie
I Will, a native of Heas«n-Darmstadt, Long-
helm, Germany, aged 44 years S months and
S clays. ¦ - ¦ ' ,
WILLIAMSON — In Elmhurst, June 27, 1902
Ella M. Williamson, beloved daughter of
Andrew and Maggie Martin, and .sister, of
Gordon and Frank Williamson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 15 years 11 months and
20 days. - ' .
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. June 29, 1902, at. 2 o'clock, at her
late residence on Jones avenue, Elmhurst.
> CARD OF THANKS.
DELICAT — We herewith desire to express our
heartfelt thanks to the many kind friends
and acquaintances, and especially the Rev.
F. A. Doanq and the members of the Mizpah
Presbyterian Church, for the • many kind-
'; nesses and beautiful floral offerings during
our late bereavement of loving daughter and
sister, Katie Dellcat.
MRS. ANNA DELICAT, Mother.
V. MRS. H. ZIHN. Sister.
JOHN DELICAT. Brother.
The Oddfellows' Cemetery Association.
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
Funeral rooms— 429 . Golden Gate ave.: tele-
phone South 034.
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway: telephone
Clay 701.
Main office at cemetery. Point Lobos ' ave..
Ban Francisco; telephone West 896.
Prices of cremation— AdulU over 15 years
of ace.- $25; children under 15 years of age,
$15. Circulars - mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec.
MABELIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses 'were issued
>'estei-day :
John Hansen, 35. city, and Annie Nielsen,
E0, city.
Lemuel X). Campbell. 26. city, . and Laura
J. W. Cutler. 9Bl Oakland.
Frederick Christ. .'Mi. 4S Fourth street, and
Eusie Kalthoff, S<5, 33ti Thirteenth street.
Albert E. Gcll, 2S, Heno, and Mae S. Keyes,
2S, Loj-altoa,
Antonio B. Eilvelra, 35. 125 Jackson street,
and. Mabel D. Silveira. 18, Sausalito.
John \v: Banghart, K8, Placerville. and Edith
M. Davis, 2S, city.
James J. McGuinness, 24, 1202 Howard
street, and Sylvia E. Heney, 20, 1414 Ala-
bama street.
James D. Gandenzio, 35, €28 Broadway, and
Virginia Rigacei, 34, 10 Jasper place.
Charles H. Vortmann. 25, city, and A. Mar-
camha C. Ftahl. 23, city.
Theodore H. Hansen, 24. 260 Noe street, and
Hauie L. Runge. 2ti, 415(4 Baker street.
John G. Waibel, 31, city, and Bessie I*
Brink. 21, city.
Everett S. P. Dawson. 29, 1515 Leavenworth
eti-eet. and Eliza \V. Johnson, 25, 1013 Ciay 6t.
Harry J. fchelley, 21, 102T Maeon street, and
Isabella H. Valentine. IS, 24 Yerba Buena et.
Samuel E. Rosenthal. 31. 14 McAllister
etreet, tnd Rose Koppel, 22, 556 Minna street.
David T. Laird. 36, Mariaosa, and Eva R.
Turner, 34, Marinosa.
Archibald D. MacKinnon, 40, city, and Edna.
M. Connell. «0. 'Washincton. D. C.
August Reinhardt, SI, 1225^3 Mission street,
and Annie Murray. £S. 1225V4 Mission 6treet-
Thomas Johnston, 39, city, and Prisellla
Jone», 1:5, city.
Etnmett M. Fowler, 25. city, and Florence
A. Fitz Gerald, 23, city.
Sidney F. Griffin. 32, Belvedere, and Carrie
L. .Schultz, 23. Marengo, III.
George E. Springer, 2S, Orovllle, and Mary
E. Benner. 2S, Chico.
Harry K. i-vrett. 2S, 3424 Clay street, and
I^>:iie M. Hennery, 26, 3»371 Mission street.
¦\Ver.s Lune, :i2. DOG Clay street, and Quan
Ah Ving. 23. 1)20 Sacramento gtreet.
tlETHS—MARBIAGES— DEATHS
Eirth, mtrriaee and death notices ssnt by
niail will not. be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have Ihe same published-
CHESHIRE— In this city, June 0, 1902, to the
wile of Alfred D. Cheshire, a daughter.
CLARK— In Alameda. June 23, 1902, to the
wife of A. V. Clark, a daughter.
DOUGLAS— In Cleyton, June 20. 1902, to the
wife of H. D. Douglas, a son.
FLVXX-In this city, June 20, 1802, to the 1
wife of William Flynn, a daughter.
GLWDERSON — In this city, June 21, 1902, to
the wile of H. M. Gunderson, a son.
KOOPMAN— la this city, June 26, 1902, to tha
wife «.t Jair.es Koopnian, a daughter.
ilOOUE— In this city, June 22. 1902, to the
wite of W. H. Moore, a daughter.
MAEBIED.
ELLIOT— HIN'DS — In this city. June 11, 1902,
by the Rev. Father Comerford, Richard J.
Kiliot and Lillian V. Hinds, both of San
Franci«;o.
HOECKEU— LANKENAU— In this city, June
2<3, IMS. by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Died-
rich Hoecker and Gesche Lankenau.
LAIRD— TURNER— In this city, June 2S. 1902,
by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. David
T. Laird and Eva Rose Turner, both of
Mari^-osa, Cal.
_*cK1N"KON — CONKELL — In this city, June
2S. liKC, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wil-
son. Archibald D. MacKinnon of San Fran-
cisco and Edna May Connell of Washing-
ion, D. C.
SVOODHOUSE— JACK— In this city. June 17.
liH}2, by the Rev. E. J. Lion, Percy C. Wood-
house and Elhel 21. Jack, both of Sa.n Fran-
cisco.
_____ ___
Beck. Nicolay Jardine, Jofcn L.
Brodek. Gustav Jorgcnsen, Harold C.
Burke. Richard McCrum, Hugh
Conrad. James H. Mahaut, Emma ; ¦ '.
Crocker, Harriet P. Moore, Everead S.
Daly, James H. Neilsen. Charles E.
Eayr», George A. Newhall, Mrs. J.
Klynn. James Reed. Annie
Freese, Walter A. Ruesell, Thomas S.
Greeley, H&nora Strehl, Mary
Hanson, Elecia B. Strohl. Godfrey
Hubbs, J. K. C. Tobin. Sarah
Holland, Harry G. Turnock, Sarah
Huntington, Heber Welch. Bartholomew
Jacobs, Matthew H. Will, Henry
Jallu. Francois Williamson. Ella M.
BECK— At An;iel Island. June 26, 1902. Nico-
lay Beck, a native of Denmark, aged 43
years.. A member of the Brickhandlers' Pro-
tective' £.nd Benevolent Union of California.
{Ut Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Sunday), m 2 o'clock, from the parlors of 1
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery^
BRODEK— In this city, June 2(5, 1902, Gustav,
beloved husband of Sarah Brodek, father of
Mr«. W. Klmgrer, Dr. Henry Brodek of Ma-
nila, Mrs. A. T. Barnett and Isidor Brodek,
and brother of Mrs. R. Harris and Samuel
and R. T. Brodek, a. natl\-e of PrusEia, aged
<M years C months and 9 days.
t_?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at hl»
late residence, S04 SteJner street. Intermert
Kills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:3U o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
EURKE— In this city. June 27, 1902, Richard
Burke, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, aged 41 years 9 months and 5 days.
A member of Coolers' International Union,
Local No. Cj.
C^RemainE at the parlors of James Mc-
Menomey _i Son, 1007 Mission street, opjw>-
tile new postofnee.
COXRAlJ — In the City and County Hospital.
Jui.e 27, 1W2, James H. Conrad, a native of
New York, aged 55 years,
CKOCKEK— Ib Cfcnterville, Cal., June 27. 1&02,
Harriet P. Crocker, mother of Gullelma R.
auJ Harry W. Crocker and Mrs. James B.
Fair, au^ed VS years.
1JALY — In this city, June 27. 1902, James II.
DUy. beloved father cf Emma Margerette
Daly, and brother of Mrs. C. W. Iteed and
John B. Daly, a native of New York City,
ejed 52 years.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' to-day
(Sandfcjr), at a o'clock, from B'nai B'rith
Kali. 121 Eddy street, thence to Third and
Townsend streets for 11:30 o'clock train. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Members of
t : an Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. E., and
Xuights of the Royal Arch are requested ta
attend. Romiins at the funeral narlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
EAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 6, F. O. E. —
The officers and members are hereby notified
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
J.imesi H. Daly. (Sunday. June 29, 1902, at 6
o'clock, from B'nai B'rith Hall. 121 Eddy
Etreet. By order of the Aerie,
CHARLES G. XAGLE, W. President.
GUS POHLMANN. W. Secretary.
EATRfc — In this city,- June 20, 1902, George
Alfred EayiE, dearly beloved husband of
U_y Eayrss, father of' Raymond, George,
Oliver and May Eayrs, con-in-law of T.
Kcully, and brother of Mrs. B. Lundy and
Mrs. H. Ley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2'J years 8 months and 17 days, A
member of Court Sytro Heights No. 13C, F.
cf A., and of Aerie No. 5, F. O. E. .
C^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock,' from his late residence. 471
Hickory avenue, thence to Bacred Heart
Church, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. . ''
COURT SUTRO HEIGHTS No. 136. F. of A.—
tlembera are hereby notified to. assemble at
471 Hickory avenue at 12:30 o'clock for the
purpose of attendin? the funeral of our late
brother, George A. E&yrs. .
J. A. McCAKTHY. Chief Ranger.
\V. 3. HOKADORI. Rec. Sec.
I FLYNN — In this city. June. 27, 1802, James
Flynn. beloved uncle of Mbs. Martin Feency,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aered 82
years. ;¦.,.
tps~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of James HcMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
rtrect. opposite new aosteffiee, thence to St.
Jofeph's ' Church for tervlcea at 1 o'clock.
Interment Koly Croes Cemetery.
PTiEEEE— In this city, June 28. 1902, Walter
A., beloved son of A. C. and Catharine M.
. Freese, a native of San Francisco, aired IS
yearn 1 month and 10 daye.
[_"The funeral will take place from the
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO-
<Eucccssor to Flannegan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM&RS,
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln Schocl.
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST TBE CITT.
Office, bis Market Street.
Telephone Bush 3C7.
r.EW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manacer for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the earn* company for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
Icrs at 1171 Mission St., between (seventh
r.i.'i Eighth. Telephone South 44.
i UNITED UNDERTAKERS i
I 27 *nd 29 Fifth St. Tel.South Mr 1
B rilHERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.I
g nnwi Equipment mx Modcrmt* Ratec, J
JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy et., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676.Rose Harper, who lives in the Hotel
Bohemia, 239 Post 6treet, secured a war
rant from Judge Fritz' yesterday for the
arrest of Fred Fantl on the charge of fel
ony embezzlement. She 'accuses him of
embezzling her diamond ring, valued at
$250, and' a gold watch on June 10. He bor
rowed them for a few days, she alleges,
and when a demand was made upon him
to return them refused to part with them.
She says Fantl Is connected with the
Wants Her Diamond Ring Back.
Company. The Navajo refinery in the
Kern River field Is about ready to work.
W. A- Carney," secretary of the Union
OH Company, in an annual statement to
the stockholders of the company, deals
with the present prices for 611. He enter
tains the same opinion held by. other oil
men, that the price . must go up. "Oil,"
he says, "can now be purchased at prices
which scarcely exceed the cost of £ro-
Carney Tells of Reasons
for Seeing Bright
Future.-
AUGURS BETTER
PRICES FOR OIL
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings during the past week
were $20,035,651. against $18,634,851 durinr the
same week la*t year.
Frank Cervera, who was convicted by
a Jury in Judge Dunne's court on a
charge of burglary in the second degree,
appeared for sentence yesterday. The
Judge sentenced him to serve eighteen
months In San Quentln. He broke Into
the office of the Western Real Estate and
Investment Company on April 19.
Sentenced for Burglary.
The Citizens* Building and Loan Asso
ciation has -adopted a definite contract
plan for making loans. The association
has paid back to its stockholders $164,928
or" their savings and also a profit of $106,
772. Loans under the new_ definite con
tract plan exceed $109,000. -
Joseph Pilger will put up three flats on
the north line of Post street, 137:6 feet
west from • LeaVen worth street, to cost
$15,000.
Thomas Butcher' will erect a, six-story
and basement building, to contain stores
and a fifty-room lodging-house, on the
south line of Sutter street, 130 feet east
from Stockton street, to cost $45,000.
Chester F. "Wright has purchased a lot
on Ellis street, 220 feet west from Jones,
from Judge W. T. Wallace, having a
frontage of 22:6 feet in Ellis street, for
$18,000. He will remodel the building so
that there will be two stores on the
street. Mr. Wright will occupy the upper
stories as a corset. factory. ..
side of Eleventh avenue, 150 feet north of
I street. The contract for sewering 3 1
street between Tenth and Eleventh ave
nues and for crossing at Tenth avenue
and I street will soon be let. the matter
being before the Board of Public Works.
The ccntract for macadamizing I street
between Twelfth and Thirteenth avenues,
and Thirteenth avenue between H and I
streets has been let.
J. E- Adams will build upon the south
east corner of Kearny and Bush streets
ar eight-story, fireproof structure that
wil' cost $70,000. The frame will be of
structural steel, the exterior of the same
material, the wainscoting of marble and
cement and the roof and cornice will also
be of metal. A. J. Rich & Co. will have
charge of the building.
E. Avery McCarthy will build costly
apartments on Pacific avenue, near
Buchanan street, of eight rooms each, to
cost $25,000.
The structure that Henry E. Bothln
will place on the southeast corner -of
Polk and Green streets will co3t $35,000
and will contain six stores and twelve
flats.
McEwen Brothers report that sales
have been satisfactory In the Santa Fe
tract at Point Richmond during the week
Just passed. William Cajtterlin has sold
two lots and house in block «13. W. Hara
has sold two lots on Ohio street- The
steam laundry on block 1 Is operating.
Owners of lots are thinking of building.
The grading of block 663, outside lands.
Is about completed, and the streets sur
rounding the block will be placed in con
dition next week. McGee &. Canfleld
have started another house on the east
- ICorthwe6t corner Eighteenth and Guerrero
etreets; fiats at 2123-212914 Geary street, near
Devlsadero; Cats at S-10 Silver street, near Sec
ond; residence 2314 Clay street, near Buchan
an; lots north side Twenty-fourth street, near
Castro; southwest corner of Kearny and Green
wich streets; residence 1011 Haight street, near
Broderlck; business property 1341 Mission st.,
near Fair avenue; residence 24 Dorlaijd street,
near Guerrero; building lot on the west line
Eecond avenue, near Point Lobos avenue.
A credit sale of realty will be held by
Easton. Eldridge & Co., at noon next
Tuesday at €33 Market street. The prop
erties to be disposed of are as follows:
OFFERED AT AUCTION.
For E. B. Hallett and W. S. G«« to Robert
T7. Jones, house and lot on the east side of
THeventh avenue 100 feet south cf H fctreet.
25x120; E. B. Hallett and W. S. Gee to Jo«
&nd J. B. Martinez, house and lot on the east
Kide of Eleventh avenue 125 feet eouth of II
etreet, 25x120; E. B. Hallett and W. S. Gee
to Antonio Svalnaz, house and lot on . the east
elde of Eleventh avenue. 175 feet south of H
street, 25x120; the three sales amounting to
$11,000. Edward P. McKay to D. and M. R.
Laurence, house and lot on the north side of
Hermann street, 80 feet west of Buchanan, for
52200. lot 23:&xS9:6; Callarhan Estate Com
pany to W. G. Schouten and W. O. Peterson,
Jot 100 by 120 on the west side of Tenth ave
nue. 250 feet south of H street, as the elte of
four eight-roomed houses which will be erected.
the price being $3800; also for O. R. McGe« and
"W. X. Canfield to Henry >«. Riblet, lot 25x120
and house on the east line of Twelfth avenue,
S00 feet north from I street, for $3000.
Lot 60x87:6 feet on the east line of Larkln
etreet, 87:6 feet north from McAllister, for
Jklrs. M. C. Maseey. for $20,000; lot end im
provements on the north line of Broadway,
H2:6 feet east from Pierce street, for Mrs. A.
E. Dillon, for $15,000; lot 25x156, with im
provements, on the south line of P&tre street,
306:3 feet west from. Cole street, for M. Shef
tel. for $14,500.
A. B. Buckingham reports tha following
eales:
James King has leased from A. W. "WT1
con the two upper floors of the building
on the southwest corner of Turk and Tay
lor streets at a total rental of $47,000 for
five years.
Minor sales ara reported by Shainwaid,
Euckbee & Co. as follows:
Guy T. Wayman has sold 25x165 feet on
the southeast line of Howard street, 400
feet from First, for Mrs. D. Smith of
Berkeley to Andrew Dalziel for $12,500.
The lot runs back to Tehama street. On
it are two two-story buildings.
Southwest corner of Seventh and Bryant
streets, SOxSO, with Imnrovement*. $6050;
northeast comer of Lafayette and Minn*
etreete, 30x77:6%. with imororementa, $3200;
lot and lmDrovementE, lot beinr 25x75 feet,
on the west line of Ritch street, 75 feet from
Erannan etreet, $1025; lot 25x114 feet on. the
north line of Hill etreet. between Church and
Eaachez. for $400.
At the referee's sale held by Madison &
Burxce of properties belonging to the heirs
of M. Kedon, the following bids were re
ceived:
SALE OP REFEBEE.
Ix»t 25x120 on th» east Une of Ninth ave
nue. 1M feet north of I street, for $1200; lot
100x120 on tie east line of Forty-elehth ave
nue. 175 feet north of J tttreet, for 51800; lot
6vxl20 on the west «ide of Elrhth avenue, 150
feet north of I street, for $2200; cottage and a
let 50x100 on the northeast corner of London
fctreet aad Persia avenue, for $1800; lot 70x120
on the west line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 125
feet ncrth of A etreet, for $750; lot 25x120 on
the east side of Nineteenth avenue. 150 feet
north of J etreet, for $750; lot 100x120 In
OutsiSe Lands block 728, near the Ocean bou
levard, for fSOO.
Baldwin & Howell have sold for Dr.
Geo'-ge F. Allen 23x60 feet on the east line
cf Jones street, 106:4 feet south from
Bush, with new three-story building con
raining fiats fcr $25,000, in connection with
A. I^eventritt.
Sales are reported by 6ol Getz & Bro.
bs follows:
L. Metzler to Paul Perriguey. T><-:tn line of
Broadway. 1S6 feet west of LarWn. lot 42x
237-ti with frame Improvements, renUn* for
TOO per month, for $1400; Mrs. E. M. Hawley
to R. Clapp. northwest corner of Twenty-sixth
p.nd Os&ze, 40xS0. with a frame house, for
S3400; John C. Humphrey to F. D. Marsh,
*an line cf Hyde street, 137:6 north of Pine,
lot 22:llxSQ, with frame residence. This last
piece has been resold by Marsh to H. Cohn
for $7000.
REPRESENTATIVE DEALS.
Baldwin & Howell have sold the north
west corner of Mission* and Ecker streets,
$4x99, without improvements, for the Mac*
donough Estate Company for $105,000.
Shainwaid, Buckee cc Co., have sold the
i&outhwest comer of Montgomery and
Merchant streets. 40x137:6, with improve
ments, consisting of a three-story brick
building, for Antoinette X. Burke to John
Rosenfeld's Sons for $45,000. The same
parties previously purchased through the
same agency the adjoining northwest cor
ner en Clay street, giving them 108:9 feet
oo Montgomery street, with three front
ages, 10S:9 on Montgomery. "5 feet on Clay
and 137:6 on Merchant street.
Shainwaid, Buckee & Co. have bought
for a client the southwest corner of Post
and William streets, 57:6x67:6. with three
etory frame building containing stores and
flats, from Andrew Welch for $45,000.
Hooker & Lent were associated with
Shainwaid. Buckbee & Co. in the deaL
Mrs. Henry Barroilhet has signed a
contract with brokers to sell her property
near San Mateo for $110,000. The land em
braces 140 acres and is improved.
Among the sales made by Bumharn. &
Marsh are the following:
Several quite largp deals In city realty
have culminated during the last week.
The prices received Indicate unmistakably
the solid belief ' entertained by conserva
tive buyers concerning the prospective
values of real property In San Francisco.
All dealers are in good spirits and be
lieve that the fall will bring to conclu
eion a great number of Important negotia
tions. Meanwhile the making of large
leases goes on, which is also a criterion
by which to estimate the outlook as it is
viewed by business men. Two leases have
been concluded through the agency of A.
J. Rich & Co., which show the drift. "'
Doth properties are at Mission and New
Montgomery streets. One is 50x165 feet,"
running through to Minna. The other,
on the corner, is 50xS0 feet- Each of these
properties, with improvements, has been
Teased by Rich & Co. for a period of teu
years at the rate of $700 per month, or
SS4.0W for each property. The corner is
leased to the Pacific Trunk and Bag
Company and the other property to Dol
liver & Sons. The structures are new,
eix-£tcry and basement, of brick construc
tion.
Midsummer Purchases Give
Promise of Active Fall
Trade.
Large Leases Show Keen
Demand for Choice
Locations.
REALTY MARKET
HOLDS STRONG
duction. Our opinion .Is that within a
comparatively short time oil will consid
erably enhance In value. Although this
company has holdings of oil lands aggre
gating more than 100,000 acres, the board
of directors deem it prudent to conserve
the production of the company as much
as possible for the higher prices which
the future holds and buy while the low
priced oil may be had."
The great scope of the Union Oil Com
pany and Its extensive holdings make this
exposition of policy of value to all hold
ers of oil lands in the State. Since the
organization of the company It has paid
out in dividends more than $1,000,000, has
invested in plant nearly another million
and estimates its total net earnings at
$3,027,000 In round figures.
Concerning the inferences to b« drawn
from the report the Los Angeles Herald
cays:
To some extent It is a lifting of the curtain
that hides from public view the Internal work-
Ing of the second largest oil company in the
State, and the one ' that has . been from its
Inception identified with this State. By reason
of Its position It can diagnose conditions bet
ter than the average oil -producer, and for that
reason the extensive plans being laid by the
Union for future business, as well as the ex
pressed • belief that within .. "a comparatively
Boy Breaks a Man's Ja-w.
Paul Krock. 19 years of age. wa»
charged before Judge Mogan yesterday
with battery. The. complaining witness
was A. Schath, a carpenter. living at 34
Chattanooga street, whd testified that a
crowd of boys had been throwing rock*
at his house on June 17. and ho went out
to reprove them. Krock knocked him
down and beat him. breaking bla Jawin
two places and blackening his eyes The
case was. continued till to-morrow* and
An .oil? refinery > will r 1 be* erected : ln -.the
"Whittier field : by the ; Acton Oil Refining
• Almost air the thoroughfares . In . Los
Angeles i County have been sprinkled with
oil. ! The Supervisors .ordered. 30,000 1bar
rels . recently for. use on ; the roads. . . The
Santa : Fe ~ Company.-, has '¦¦¦ covered almost
1200 miles ; of roadbed .with oil. '.• ¦¦ : ¦
"Good : times in the ''oil Industry are re
ported at Summerland. The Advance
Courier says that it would ibe difficult to
fill a three-car order in the town on ac
count of the present demand. The asphalt
plant is taking '1000 barrels - of '• oil •'> per
month. The r demands f or ; oil , for - street
sprinkling- and other uses Is /keeping the
supply at alow ebb.. The price is 69 cents
per i barrel f. o. b.
The territory on the edge of. the Cuyama
Valley over the . range south of Sunset
¦will, so says the Bakersfield Calif ornian,
be exploited as a wild cat proposition by
the Web Foot Company, the ground being
untried, but showing seepages.
The plant of- the Emperor Company and
all its lands have, been- sold to the United
Crude Company. ; The Emperor has been
operatingin the Sunset district. ,
Within the next few weeks our Fullerton pipe
line, which at present terminates at the rail
road station of Bixby and Norwalk, respective
ly, will be extended to the city of Los Ange
les and ; harbor, of San Pedro. Nearly all of
the pipe Is already on the ground, and the
work is being, energetically pushed. When
completed this line will connect the oil fields
of /Whittier, Fullerton and Brea Canyon i and
the city of Los Angeles with tidewater. Our
barkentlne, which has a carrying capacity of,
1C000 barrels, and which haa been christened
the "Fullerton," was auspiciously launched on
June 12 and will bo finished and ready I for
service in July. Considerable progress has
been made on ouf new 10,000-barrel steamer,
which has been under contract since the first of
the . year. Our business has grown to .such . an
extent, however, that still another and larger
' vessel • will have to be provided. One ¦ 55,000
and twe 37,500 barrel tanks has been erected
in. the Hawaiian Islands, and several others of
the latter size will shortly be completed there,
Imaking a total tankage in those islands of 277,
000 barrels. Our new > refinery at Bakersfield
Is about completed, and has commenced oper
ations, and additional storage ¦ tanks are be
ing erected there also. '. A large amount of ad
ditional tankage will also be required in con
nection with the pipe line extensions above
referred to. .Other enlargements and exten
sions of the business are in contemplation. .'
Concerning the plans of. the company
the report sets forth much that is of gen
eral interest. / The scheme of operations
is in part as follows:
short time oil will considerably enhance in
value," are calculated to strengthen the hands
of the producers who have in many cases been
holding on in the face of very great difficulties;
United Refining and Assaying Company.
120 Sutter street.
THE SA3ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 29, 1902.
36
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EAIB If ATTTBA X.T«Y ABXJ1TDANT.
WJien It Is Free of Dandruff, It
Grows i/uxuriantly.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures,
es a rule, are sticky or irritatLig affairs
that do no earthly good- Hair, w^hen not
diseased, grows naturally luxuriantly.
Dandruff is the cause of nine-tenths of all
hair trouble, and dandruff is caused by
a germ.. The only way to cure dandruff
is to kill the germ: and. so far, the only
liair preparation that will positively de-
etroy the germ is Newbro's Herpicide—
absolutely harmless, free from grease,
6ediment, dye matter or dangerous drugs.
It allays itching Instantly, makes hair
grlossy and soft as silk. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect"— dandruff.
Hale's. ! l Hale's. | / .^ .. . ; Hales< t '^ ~. : ---^^A^^-^S-, - r^^^*'-- -,/'¦¦¦ * V. i^ 1 !'!:- 1 ..; Hale>8 *__ - -1^
. We' Close JJ\Tex{FridM
Spl/v C\ f^^^% These Prices arid These Qualities Are Worth Your Attention. J^^^/^
M^C Hale's have another rousing time downstairs. IOO ClotflCS PlTIS "fOt* \l/^ 4b£
Thrifty housewives are always on hand when anything is going 1UV VIUHIV^ I^H1^51V/1 %^W« ftBg
£Wf$fe on down there: They know there's money to be saved and good goods to First seIected stock (^ od )- Fir^ time Monday morning, 8c a hundred. W^<W
behad - Never truer than right now. ; It . s YKs^X*
rw~i~ w «-^ y^ + ¦— « « ' be en selling it right along at 10c and could now Have always sold at $3.00 and $3.25— not a poor f [7%?'/. \
fcgfg^^ TTmS^ Ic? R^KT^r w4-/3ki^l MtiatliAlWrCII^A If we did not want to make an excitement. machine. either-"The Gem." Any one familiar xM&aH \
- 1%. ~\ * 111^ 1^ DCM DLWVl UllCllllWlWalVt ' Riihhpp fiflPden Ho«?eSc foot with lawn mowers knows they «re high grade Vi^T V
f^SV ... ..: KUDDCr uai ucn uuocot iuul. ones . W e are going to close them out, or we would \~^P? JT)
%*^- l?Mt Rejrular • stock (good enough to have right along). Not a job— not a few off sizes; It's a very good qu ality.too-the regulation «- ' M k f askin& this pr i ce , u-mch size.
VM W not an odd lot that wouldn't sell at full prices. No; it's not a forced sale. Nothing we want h n = t^ rs unusual priC ° t0 he P al ° nS tW3 ™ Sponee Cake Pans 15c-Measures 6x10 Inches \&f £*M?*K
Wk^Z==zJtm to set rid of - We make thes^ prices t0 m ! ie new customers and make old ones think Berlin Sauce Pans 8Oc-4-quarL ~ used as wel1 for loaf ns -
more of us. Less profit now, but more of it later on. .' - . : V •• 4J)c Tea Pots at 33c-3-auart. . Bastine Spoons 10c-16 inches Ions:. M& W&f
WS9r%r OOc- Cumber Pail, at 63c-^uart size. Foo| i^Bag iJPa^p^VSSk ' M®&¥£?I^^^ S - W
V&Z^ZZ^.' with enameled covers. «K5fpqS» I§^-U^inches sauare fMnJeUv Cake Pans 5c-Shallow: worth He. Colander 3Se-U-lnch. ¦ £\ £*L
ISMIk 6-Quart Milk Pans 2Oc l^/il P^lat?s at Vc-9 fnches , SoS* SauJe^ots 69c-Straight-sld o handles. Bust Pans tops-round handles. V;.* X J^%
S1.2O Berlin Sauce Pans S5C-12 qt. size. 14c Jelly Cake Pans 9 c-deep. y .- 25c Wash Basins at 16c-U-lnch. :¦¦;¦¦ Coffee Pots 49c-4 quarts. Q
Cotton Dress Goods This Week, f^pfows
O - —O °"! Hale's is a lively place, and why not? To have what you want when you want it for less than you expect to pay is certain to make busy- j t » s j ust as g OO d as it reads— a
First time Monday. ness. Now, for example: ; * «. - « s* « • *_' \r j clear oositive savinc of we on
Only one of a pattern-see 3OOO Yards I5C DllTlitieS, IOC. Madras and : CheVIOtS I5C Yard. No change
what a variety! . P re ,tkst pinks, li e htblu« and canary : s had«.. with fancy colored 3 the : P iIlows - Same in size-
All newest and prettiest of the stripes. A very pretty, very stylish stuff— a third less to-morrow than it an d re d s Stripes, you know, are the thing this summer. Here they are in quality of feathers and amount
season— even advanced stvles has been, and plenty of it. too. 7 in all their beauty. Relieved now and then, with idainty /woven figures. of them as when you paid $1.25.
The drummer finished his trip i D e,s Cnv ots 7 c. Cotton Foulard roc. |^^^^^ Sonfe^Xefo^his^ainty But W e made a big deal with
outhere. So he gave us his line. '^w^iT^^S^!^' §M^(^^B^d . Bh - stuff " ady thl8 the man to supply al our stores.
White spreads in- crochet and 15c Galatea cioth lOc-^-mch other Cotton Foulards I2%c- b^an^wSt^faTaVd More Nfw Ginzhamswc Yard. Instead^ dozens it s hundreds
Marseilles patterns. It's a Chance goods; In plain navy blue; a sturdy, Dark colors with small. figures; the ¦ Cheviots 12%c-32- Almost 150 pieces. In dainty pinks, HOW. He COUld afford to Shave
,, . s ' .. a / , standard doth for boys' waists or chosen materials for dresses; 30 Inch goods, with red and lavende? blues, reds; In stripes and check pat- Titc '¦nrir#»
yOU Seldom get. 05c tO ?3 each. g irls^ dresses. Inches wide. » grounds, on which are black dots. terns; the favorite summer material. 1 " s P"ic« - ___#»
O : 1 '. — —o O ; 1 . " 1 ! — — — . . . — ' — '—- — : : — ; '. .' — — : — - — - — :¦' ... :. ~ — . ...... ~~ : : " — ~O Q ~™""~" — °
Hale Has Another . . E^ : ' ;Si?5^^^^^ 1 I^C
LtfClvv S^O.Ifi.1 ik-JC4£W» *3»«KBm£» iSt < r* • ¥^ZS^s? And How We Can Save You Some Money.
3 : . a «S5^^F <1 5 litWIVnVOl . ¦ : ~ W&BmMs&a w^ saw high prices coming, so we bought early —
More Dollar Curtains this week and added to them, are &&£&&$ 536 sample pieces of this season's prettiest styles ';Wm^M bought heavy— bought cheap. And are- holding manufac-
others at $1 4 o-$,.25-$2. 95 -all new prices. Nice-neat »||p ' ™«**S& M %f W turers' agreement, though thev are losing moncv to do it.
meTm widthWde s I W^S* "^ HS " StartEcts^S The'last of 'our contact stuff is herein sa'le this week.
medium Width borders. WfWMM Mn niff +&$ Nnt f n nfe ' Hil f 1 45c yard, 19 in. wide. 65c yard, 27 in. wide, worth 85c.
PnfflpH Wkc CnrtflinQ cor Pair «i' . - p t?' P vT'-HM ' Oc >' ard ' 22 in - wide - worth 7SC ' 75c ard ' 36 in - wide ' worth 9OC -
KUTTieu Z5W1SS C/UrrainS 5OC Kair. *iKOTp._not.an.imperfect-one. Not .a style . ||l|p||| l Wack S -Pit Diwhesse. Black Peau de Soie.
A neat looking: and very serviceable curtain for small bedroom, . Jfawi Iffirk, that isn't ill hisrh faVOr right nOW. . fjp^s^^f^f^l Guaranteed all silk and b*st dye: full Jlns French make; a OOo quality; SO
1.- -~,«»4. -.f*:^ .. :~A~..* 2i w ft' AB KL ' " ™ ¦ . • ' • ¦ 1 » S //I / CW. Wial - 3* In. •wide; a good 90c value for 65c Inches wide; 70c per yard-
basement or attic windows. Ml ra SniW They are most enthusiastic values we ve @ / / lwp*% 1 1 K| yar d.
$100 Pair $>£ 25 Pah" (ln*&W[\\ had this season. Liberty sUk niffs and I ' l'^j{nja $1.00 Foulards at 59c. . Moire Silks 75c.
w' * ™ M ** • ' wif 'tfi J&cly i 5 caoes in black and white taffeta creoe de i5Sr£jrmNKfi?fffiS Handsome satin finish goods: 24 lnche» Somt more of thoss nvtr colored oolre
White Nottingham Curtains, 3 Some 20 different patterns fine fcjl! MC/Hr} luu,!- „?{« Va wwh tips_tiirl-^ em ' *WM$SMim wide; none but this season's desl«n». ' velours, including all th* favortta sliades
'yards and 3% yards long. 52x60 inches madras along with ordinary, weave WMffir&u-J f im .,f nd J asl1 . tie ?~ {?^iiTi^ "• jIBHKPS ¦ • «d black: 20 Inches. '
15*Z.7 natterns : not one of them curtains-some very handsome de- TO^u'wi/'WCp broidered— silk and satin stock collars— j^V^SDSfSt \' PIV ShaHp*. in VVnnl CrpnPK TtiT Yard
iSTi P It \,k 0 :5t si&ns" among them. Curtains wortli W-rffWtWlk bows — four-in-hands _ jabots — collars K^isS%5vS l f5 i>eW OfiaOeS III VYOOI crepes / DC I dm.
worth less than tf.2S-many of them $2 f 75 and $150 mar ked Monday morn- - otW*s^1^ ajid rav*re<; ,Jt,,rn over collars ' hMLwM)1!£ Soft, crepy. clinging stuff, drapes beautifully; new coloring, u waU as
51.50. One price Monday morning, ins $2.25. , *V^t- T ana reveres and turn-over collars. _ B-J-aKiSa-a-afc ,black; 42 Inches wide.
noo. Go ox T>nl-i* ; r. 16c Neckwear, worth -25c-8oc. $5.00 Neck Rulfs ij>n.\jxj w aw Pebble Suitino:
$6.yO JrCLir. I 25c Neckwear, worth 40c-50c-65c. - Hoists- of Other. Stylish Ones. 5« * 1 T iv '* in.
£1 //O Pnh* Splendid lot of madras and table 48 c Neckwear, worth 75c-$L00. S4.5O Neck Ruffs, worth $6.00- $8.60 ' It'sono of th» coarser mesh-liko stuffs the women Uie a o well this sum-
ftl.JfU rail . weave curtains-many beauUfulTat- 75e Neckwear, worth $1.25-$l.B0. g-op Neck Ruffs, worth. £50- $9.00 mer. Has a .hard finish and Is strictly all wool. Shown In all popular col-
White Nottingham Curtains, 3tf terns among them, suitable for par- QSe Neckwear, worth J2.75-J3.00- kT«no vSS «Sf& : «rtS llsotlilso ,ors and black; 4o Inches wide. . . . ...
Mew Lace Door Panels. i-r ' -«^ 7 ' OCartS SLtlQ
The maker just sent them to us— all the latest designs— some very hand- V^'fl "1 <^^ £Hi #• \^/ #*<^ tf^^^l/^ tl^CT *»—^
t s^ SSSI&r y^u e r S&.S?o&r*8£ K. S?*:' 0 *** e * nlns U ¥" "1.6 F V V Fd U UC !&• 69 Cents: Worth $1.00-$1.25.
The Important Sale of the Season. The finest Irish point pieces, too — nice and new and
W 7 .-> «->-» /% *«9 I T M J -^^tw <* **. ** +m °~ i*s \ " Z T~~"/"7 — ~~~5 — — — -o \ n perfect condition. We bought them cheap, we are sell-
W omen s U naer wear. ever^S as W$^ any we i^fe chea p- An at ° ne p^ ce *™-^^- \
That's Wanted NOW— LeSS Than It's Worth. 'Tisn't often you see bar^ins like .these so far from .the market Mantel LambreqUinS 3X\<1 PiailO DrapeS
. O —- ' ' - ¦ ¦ . ¦ 1 0 , They are the kind those bisr Eastern stores stand ready to gulp down. If 49 Cents: Worth 75c and SI.OO.^
We want to save you money, but our first thought was satisfactory we didn't have an established office in New York to watch ; for good „ „ .. * ' Y " * v ¦•«*/.
garmerits. We won't sell at a bargain. Garment isn't good enough to things like this we'd never have them: <, - Half-price, but as pretty and valuable as ever. 2H yards long— 36
sell at regular price. You'll find this true even of these. v This big wrapper man wanted to • inches wide— fnnged on three si des.^ They are m pretty Egyptian pat-
V#actc &r* dose out his summer wrappers. (He is #<©$;• _terns on a soft madras cloth-splendid coloring.
Z51CrCVtrit:^>^ *CM> OU busy now on Flannelette ones.) He. was §fei§& ' s*> ¦? 7~" r-k • I t ¦ /~r
Cream white, Richelieu ribbed, full width and length, taped neck and astonished when we told him we'd take L^^SSrf m d ¦-'I I I 1 51 €?£*€?
&Tmhol 1 e J- Va . Wn *ih on* I OR n v*«4 \u~tuQR all he had on hand. But he had to Y *W F 111UW VadVd*
He Vests, Worth 20c. 28c Vests, Worth 35c. make it worth our while to do it. He hJszJL n - _n
Low neck and no sleeves: ewiss Ribbed and Bhaped; ecru 1 sle a\a tj^ W5 c oUA tr> rmlrr th* turn en " Y TT I __ r- " — O
ribbed white cotton, with silk tape in thread; fine elastic quality; high - did. . He was glad to make the turn- so. Mvr1$PMg\ FlnfiKlo Wflifp Qhppfc A~ir
neck and arms; long and elastic; neck and long sleeves; pearl buttons; quickly. Thus: J*IM^Svf*M- JL^UUDIC VV II 1 LC OllCCtS, AJC.
size 4 5, 6 finished seams; sizes 4. 5, 6. Ruffled, Trimmed and Flounced , ft^^F^^^ Lot of them (3300). That's why we can sell them go cheap (worth 55c).
17 c Vests, Worth 25c. W*«annQHe /i.,- ' f, ¦F^U^W^l - Made from a good quality muslin, hemmed. 2U yards wide. ZV* yards long.
8^ Oneita Suits 50c. Wrappers O5 C * - W4'$M~^$k Pequot Sheets Underpriced.
l^eeve=-"ilk\aDes- «=izes 4 5 6 Ribbed white cotton; summer Look at the nicture— could von ex- W&fiM JP°1»1 It isn't often that you find such a good everyday sheet under the raar-
.iee-ve., aiK tapes, .izes 4, &, e. weight; high neck, short sleeves and 1-ook at tne picture— couw jott ex- i WfflBMksjS&$M ket price, but we have got a trade advantage for you to profit by. In this
25c Extra-Size Vests. Worth 35c ankle 'ength; silk finish at neck; pect any more style or any more trim- F^pOTr^^^ lot are 2100 pure white sheets, every size.
Ribbed and shaped- white cotton 2 ea , r l buttons; covered seams; sizes ming for a dollar? They are not [ «« ««*. « x9 ° lnches - R5c each - "K* 9 *- °* Sc *"*- »<^>0-
summer weight; high neck, with long ' ' 6# skimped in width, nor length, either f ; V*|.'|^*Vk^N 50o each, 63x90 inches. 6O0 each. SUSO.
or short sleeves; finished with silk American Sillr T'mhU 7Tn —not poorly made or hurriedly fin- F ; H»l* B' 9 I»T^V ' C\r\f\f\ Di 1 1 r\-%r%.r s^OCOC ¥rkr»
e s U eam t s Ch:pearlbUtt ° nSandCOVer - t as! black; rifbTd mic/rized [isle ished. Made of splendid percale . » | £ =| |i %^ UOOQ PllIQW VHSCS, IOC."
Pants to match with French yoke thread: strong, light and elastic; . flounced as you see, and trimmed with . 'I » •¦ £ 3* ' am * Made from heavy quality muslin — sizes 45x36 inches. Almost 1000 of
bands; either ankle or knee length; looks and wears as well as silk; come . ruffles over the- shtfDlders. . ' ' '¦ ' \ ' ¦- '* .•3* ; #M thrm ar* «c11in^ at this low nrice
4&i£S 1 , wa «¦ -"¦"*»¦: *- «¦ ». «¦ 0 V^^ftM^diM^^r - if lii ' •¦• c^™^"sS^ Soft m u S lin- < xcell m t q^ity^
6*^* 6mQOD§*^^ colLs— PmUi 'designs"^ mateh **^ -^lsZJ®®Gl} <QOfiD£k^^^
1-^nTlT^ the color • *¦ rv_»^*gft*^ '"* w^^^^^
* ....*.. ¦ , ¦ -'-''-'«,v. - ¦¦¦ 1 ¦ ' — - -- - ; ¦ ¦ f\ " - ~~-~+-\ ' • '
life.; We Make
' /r^fev. Good Suits
\ 1 y Suits that have all those qualities sought
1 \ . \ for by good dressers. The prices we
I , A ¦¦'¦\T 9 .) ' charge are but little if any more than
V, 1 rf~\^/ 7 ready-made clothing, with all the ad-
X ¦ / / J '» Y>h/ vantages appertaining J to high-class
W V T^ tailoring in our favor. Wej will make
I YOU a suit on payment of
lf:S 1 . One Dollar
r I I & week
/ I I and you may wear it while paying for it
128 Ellis St., above Powell St. -:- : San Francisco.
k Tho PRESERVES 'which have attained the i
ft highest of testimonials, and which are known 'to H
w be the finest Preserves on the market, are V
H Get a jar. All grocers sell them. ' You'll like them. n
I 5 LONG SYRUP REFINING COJVIPANY, I
V P^one South 486. Eighth "arid Brannan Sts., {>- ¦
« j San Francisco. - ¦ B