no_textTHUS SUNDAY CALL.
Of the more practical novelties of the
season there are washable cotton outing
skirts, made in plain and fancy? striped
covert cloth and brown linen, linen crash,
pique and duck skirts In pedestrian and
full dress lengths, finished in tucked,
strapped J and bias folds, becomingly
trimmed.
For golfing the fancy knitted vests, in
striped or solid colors, with double rows
of gold buttons, still find most favor.
With them is worn a large puff tie over a
deep soft stock.
The tennis skirt this year' is In either
white pique or white duck, with three
buttons on each side in front and invert
ed pleat in the back. The shirt waist to
be worn with this is either the Gibson o\r
the Maxime effect, In white pique with
the yoke back.
Of hats there never was a more beauti
fully becoming variety, and it \s a strange ,J
thing to find the nobbiest of them being
sold this year side by side with men's
head gear in the most fashionable mascu
line batteries. Truly, In the line of fash
ions at least, the world "it do move."
water. It is trimmed . with a «two-Inch
wide band of blue or red braid, or both,
down the front of the waist. The belt
and the hem of the skirt are edged with
the same material. There is no collar to
this suit, which makes It particularly
comfortable to swim in. .
For a tall, slender girl there is a stylish
suit of the same material, with a plaited
Gibson waist and gored skirt;
Another novelty this year is a striped
dark suit, with a large red sailor collar
edged In white braid. The belt is trimmed
with the same material, while the wide
gored skirt is, elaborately' braided from
wa"st to hem. ;. -.
There is also a navy blue flannel suit,
with a finely, plaited skirt and large col
lar, trimmed with white. braid; and fancy
alpaca suits in brown,- red, blue and
black, with large circular collars, trimmed
with gilt and white tubular • braid.
The belts are plain and the skirts are
gored without trimming.
The proper thing with all these suit*
are fancy striped and. ribbed stockings
and caps to match.
The new shirt waist suits may be fas
tened either front or back. One of the
prettiest shown on this page is of • plain
mercerized silk-finished batiste, trimmed
with . embroidery galloons, large * medal
lions and velvet ribbons. The skirt is
made after the latest full flare .lounoa
pattern.
Another pretty washable costume Is of
fancy white Swiss trimmed with black
festoon lace. The blouse is made with a
white lace-trimmed vest, elbow sleeves,
with extra Inserted sleeves, and finished
at the waist with black velvet ribbon.
Down the back there are three rows of
black chantilly festoon lace, and six rows
down the front, with two rows running
from the shoulder to the elbow.
The skirt is made in a flounce, with
fan back, trimmed with a circular festoon
of the same Chantilly lace, with a lawn
drop.. The hat should match. One of the
most effective is a new walking design of
Panama straw trimmed with the same
lace and white chiffon, with a large quill
or a rose or two, as the taste of the
Wearer dictates. '- .. • ¦ V ¦
Another pretty shirt waist suit is in
white and pink. The waist is plain white
Swiss, elaborately tucked, with a tucked
Bertha edged with Valenciennes lace. The
neck is low; and the sleeves are short,
but there is an extra gimp, which may
be worn if desired. The - half -sleeves,
with a wide flare at the elbow and a deep
drop, are . finished t with the ' latest tucked
handkerchief effect, . elaborated with.a
band of soft pink satin liberty ribbon.
The girdle is. of the same material. . .
The skirt is tucked in Vandyke points
with Valenciennes insertion, andvthe deep
flounce is also elaborately tucked..
Still another effective fancy shirt waist
cult is of ecru batiste trimmed in blue.
The waist is made with wide tucks
trimmed with Clunle lace galloons and
finished with a yoke of fine batiste and
Valenciennes Insertions. The sleeves are
tucked to the elbow, . the same as the
waist, where they are finished with fine
Clunle lace galloons. From the elbow to
the waist the sleeve is of delicate batiste,
with ecru lace insertion about three-quar
ters of an Inch wide, which shows the
pretty ¦ pink of the arms and shoulders
gleaming beneath. -
The skirt Is elaborately tucked to match
tho waist, with CTunie lace festoons run
ning from tuck to hem, m while the big
flounce Is trimmed, both top and bottom,
with the same material. The entire suit
Is. lined with j soft blue batiste, which
gives a' very dainty and cool, summery ef
fect to the whole costume.'
One of the new walking suits with the
postilion back is made of plain golf bas
ket cloth. The Eton Is trimmed with vel
vet piping I and stitched ' velvet pointed
tabs In rows of three. -The skirt has a
graduated flare flounce with eleven rows
of stitching. At the bottom and top of
the flounce brown velvet piping is used
to match the trimming on, the jacket.
The new pedestrian woolen cloth skirts
in summer weights for both walking and
golfing are prettily becoming. One of the
very latest is 'made with eleven gores,
flaring at the bottom like a morning
glory. • Each gore has a stitched strap
finished at the bottom, with three buttons
over ten rows of fine stitching. - These
skirts come in tan and black and the
fashionable shade of oxblood. "
SECRETS OF THE STARS MADE CLEAR.
ventures. Favors should be granted upon cially will find this a fortunate year '
It v \ e ' ,„ v v.4 May 10 ' Saturday^This will be an unset-
Market will be subject to extreme tied and an unsatisfactory year for all
changes from 11 to 11:40. The close will who celebrate their birthday to-day All
be marked by a downward tendency. should 'care for their health and should I
May 9. Friday— This day. is favorable not travel during the coming year Young
for the transaction of . large business people • will experience , love affairs - and
deals. Transporters should realize large widowers will probably marry, but should
profits. There should be important hap- use great discretion in the selection of
penings in politics to-day. . their wives. j
Market opens down to 9:40, then g-ood . . Births * * '
"£ To 1 * 1 . 1 S. ITT"' MI °"* ls be " ¦"« chl ' dr ™ "•"¦ aurt '»* «»• »•* »"¦
May 10. S a turaay-Bu«ta«ss »U1 a» U m. -Sf.S? 4 "-^ hSE* B ' an<! 'f, ry T"
provisions should rise slightly by 11. The J° * JT' w U th X L«
close of the market will be a changeable 4^?^^ children born upon
TMw-i, ,*«,„* this day will possess restless,- dissatisfied
jartuaays. dispositions, with a great fondness for
May 4, Sunday— Those who celebrate pleasure and social conquests., They will
their birthday upon this date will expert- be gifted with musical, dramatic and
ence an eventful year. There will be both artistic ability.
financial gains and losses. All should May 5 - Monday— The children of to-day
guard against Injudicious advice and fool- ™|! J e f «»« and sincere natures They
ish investments. Young people will court wIU be fortunate and will meet with suc
and marrv "«»*•*' cess j n g^y u ne 0 { W0T k they may choose.
May 5. Monday-This will be & quiet but The boirs "*« become excellent business
a fortunate year for all • who celebrate managers and promoters of large cor
thelr birthday to-day. Business men will p °, ons - _
experience financial gains and profes- * 1& Y 6 - J 11 , 68 ** 3^. 686 chl^ren will be
sional people will meet with sucoess. na PPy ana lucky. They will be reckless
Widows will have offers of marriage. a , nd extravagant and will be fond of so-
May 6, Tuesday-There will be some dis- cl , et ?- The boys will be fortunate in spec
appointments in business, with many ulation and the girls will marry riches,
changes and journeys, for all who cele- May 7. _Wednesday-The moon in con
brate their natal day upon this date. Junction with Mara to-day will give head-
Young women will experience romantic strong and stubborn characters and the
affairs and some will make advantageous children born upon this -date will be very
matrimonial alliances. difficult to manage.' They should always
May 7, Wednesday— Trouble and losses nave Plenty of out-of-door exercise and
are threatened those who celebrate their physical labor. The girls will be very
birthday upon this date. Those in em- pretty and will, marry at an early age.
ploy will change their occupations dur- May 8, Thursday— The children born to
ing the next twelve months. All had best day will be of thoughtful and kind na
avoid quarreling and lawsuits. Young • tures. They will be clever and energetic
women will experience love affairs. and should be successful in their chosen
May 8, Thursday— This will bo an active .lines. Both.' boys and girls should' rise to
and successful year for all whose birth- ' distinction through their own efforts,
day falls upon this date. Business men. May 9. Friday— The children of to-day
will make money through their commer- will be capable and reliable. They will
cial interests and through speculation, be fortunate through inheritance and
The young will court and will make ad- should become successful men and wo
vantageous matches. • men. The girls*', will'., make brilliant
May 9, Friday— Those who celebrate matches. '¦ ¦_. ',:,,
their birthday to-day will experience an U&y^?- f aturday— The children born
unusual year Money and property will gggggg The " '^^StfF'g&g***
fall to some through inheritance. Others p i O rers, travelers and naval or army of
will meet with success through profes- Hcers. The girls will be fond of change
sional work. Writers and actors espc- and will adopt professional careers.
THE week beginning on Sunday,
May, 4, will bring Mars in close as
i pect to the sun. This planetary con
j dition will cause a conservative at-
X. titudo to prevail throughout the
world of trade and commerce. This
week will not be a propitious one for the
promotion of new enterprises.
There are likely to be serious disagree
ments between capital and labor, with the
possibility of strikes during the next seven
days.
The money market will be tight. Specu
lation will be uncertain, with some short
and sudden turns.
Health conditions are not good for this
week. People will be prone to suffer from
J sluggish circulation and Inflammations.
The weather will be warm with rain and
thunder storms until the 7th, followed by
clear and pleasant conditions.
Marriage.
This Is not a propitious time for enter
ing the matrimonial state. The latter
part of the week ¦will be perhaps the
luckier, but tho^e who wed during the
next peven days will experience much Jeal
ousy and will have very eventful marital
careers.
Business.
May 4, Sunday— This Is an excellent day
upon which to travel. It will be an impor
tant day In religious circles, as substan
tial responses should be made to appeals
for foreign missions.
May 5, Monday— Business should be
good upon this day. The most propitious
hour for the signing of important papers
and for the consummation of large busi
ness deals is from 11 to 12 a. m.
Markets open fair, then drop immediate
ly, but go up some by 10:30. Grain and
provisions up from 11 to 12, with a change
able close.
May 6, Tuesday— This is a good day
upon which to sell, but not a propitious
day for investing money in any new ven
tures.
Market cpens changeable and uncertain
up to 11. then down to 12, and up at 1
p. m.
May 7, Wednesday— Trouble and loss in
business is threatened upon this date, so
all had best attend strictly to their com
mercial affairs.
Market opens a little up. Minerals are
best at 10:30. Stocks from 11 to 12; pro
visions from 12 to 1.
May 8, Thursday— This Is a good day
upon which to travel, to make changes
of residences or to institute sew business
One of the prettiest novelties is made of
white wool bunting, a brand-new mate
lial for bathing suits, which has the dou
ble merit of being not only pleasing 'to
the eye. but is light and flexible in the
Just think of that! What a boon this in
to women of troublesome embonpoint,
and yet how delightfully simple. The se
cret is just this: The waist'is made with
a broad, snug-fitting belt, which serves
the purpose of a corset, the skirt is fin
ished with the snugness of a tailor-made,
and longitudinal stripes on the skirt and
waist and even the stockings give the
much-tp-be-desired effect of . unusual
height and slenderness. For the thin girl
the suit is made to fit much more loosely
and; the stripes are run around -the other
way.
There are bathing suits to make the
tall, thin girl look plump and pleasing,
and other bathing suits to make the
short, plump girl seem willowy and tall.
But the real sensation of the season is
the new bathing suit, which must now
be selected with as much care as a wed
ding trousseau. Time was when anything
of voluminous length and width, no mat
ter how cumbersome, was considered the
only modest costume permissible, but the
outing girl who does not choose her
suit with proper regard for fit and color
this year will be looked upon as densely
ignorant.
These, however, must not be confound
ed with the latest pedestrian skirts of
woolen cloth, which are also used for
golfing. The proper length this year Is
two inches from the ground. Then tiere
are the dashing Panama hats for cycling,
golfing and walking, which can be soused
In the washtub, and after being hung out
on the line to dry can be retrimmed as
good 8s new. In this line the new pique
caps for tennis and golfing, which can be
sent to the laundry with weekly regular
ity, are also among the prettiest novel
ties.
When worn with the new divided sktrta
for cycling or riding they are particularly
fetching, more especially as the ; new
skirts are shorter— much shorter than last
season and much more becoming gar
ments in every way. .
of the very latest novelties In
walking suits. It has to divide
its popularity, however, with
the new postilion back to the
same natty little Etons— which,
Interpreted to those who are not
supposed to know, means two
fan-shaped tabs about six Inches
long attached to the jacket in
the back. . • . ;
With these the proper thing to
wear is either the Gibson shirt
waist, with the broad tuck from,
the shoulders to the armpits,
or the Maxime, in which the
tuck runs over the shoulders to
the waist, both of which are
saucily militaire. Their chief
points of comfort are the soft
stocks and unstarched cuffs. •
Then there arc the new Eton jackets,
with the short pepluin skirt, which Is one
For instance, there are the natty shirt
waist puits of plain mercerized Bilk, fin
ished batiste, trimmed with galloons. To
the masculine mind the galloon In print
K<jun<Js more awesome than an Imperial
<-dict. but to the feminine fancy a dress
or" soft, lilmy material trimmed thus is
a joy forever.
Kor this particular kind of outing girl,
who after all is the real outing girl, near
lv everything this season, hats included.
las been made of washable materials In
I -rices to suit. For her there Is a long
list of attractive novelties in some brand
nev.' shades of green, blue and oxblood,
and the ambitious outing girl who wants
to look perfectly irresistible and enjoy
lite to the full at the same time can now
have a trunkful of pretty things for every
oc. asion for much less than the cost of a
siiifele Paris ball gown.
Of course, this does not mean that
••verything is made cheaply on the Mother
Mibbard- plai^. The new outing suit,
whether it be for cycling, golfing, walk
ing, tennis, yachting and. yes, even for
bathing, must fit to perfection; and—
whisper— in this fact lies the whole secret
of their comfort. As for price, well,
vben were the latest fashions not the
«:r:-l.>uir of the woman of slender means
iiji.J tightly drawn pursestrings?
For it is a strange circumstance, and
one worth noting, that comfort lias at last
bc-e*.i placed before beauty In the very
laU-st edict of what Is proper for summer
w*ar.
THE juting frirl this summer is the
most favored mortal in all the world.
Everything has been designed for
her especial comfort, which is say
ing a great deal when it is remem
bered that for centuries on centuries the
d!i.-taics at fashion, have had to dd solely
v.itli the lavishness of her personal adorn
ment without the slightest consideration
for her health or her feelings.
But the world "it do move," and this
year huge looms have wrought out new
and dainty fabrics with fascinating and
glib-sounding names; special dyes have
been delicately interblended, and all the
an and skill of the most famous ?own
makem, both at home and abroad, have
been utilized to create models of elabora
tion that shall make the outing girl not
only comfortable, but beautiful as well.
2
THE OUTENG GIRL
IN HER
VARIETYThe English railways cost- on an aver
age £50,000 per mile; the German, Jc20,000,
and the American, £11,000.
the engine crews was bunged up. It was
all caused by a fool operator, who forgot
to give me an order. He fled the country.
After that something always happens on
the anniversary. Once an engine wheel
snapped off and went whizzing across the
prairie, but I stopped before any damage
was done. Another time I dropped a pair
of trucks before I got three blocks from
the station. So it has gone. Some day it
will be serious; I suppose."— Denver News.
drew nearer to the; girl, . The yerba buena
growing on the hillside sent forth a
crushed, pungent odor which mingled
with that of the roses and Jessamine Chita
had let • fall. 'Tadre Juan" Junlsto was
good, so good to my people. He was an
old - man, you , know, when my grand
mother was" a little girl, 1 and she has
told me so often. how he looked and how
he worked for my people. \ When he .came
here "he (found ¦ them sick and unhappy
and wicked,- but he loved them and' al
ways told them that . they, made him .un
happy when .they were bad.' .They . caw
how good he was and how wretched, they
"Doesn't it seem to you that you can
almost see him?" Chita asked, ' breaking
the long silence; "there, walking up and
down under the trees?".
"See whom, see what?" asked Church
ill, raisins: his head.
. "Padre Juan," murmured Chita. "Dlo
mlo! He was so goodl it often seems
to me . that he is here . and to-night—"
With an Involuntary shudder Churchill
into the air aa though loth to fall and
break the symmetry of tha avenue up
which the brown-clad fathers had paced,
chanting their prayer and fingering their
rosaries.
made him, ana * tried to do what ha
wanted. When I was very little my
grandmother used to tell me ¦ that h«
•woulliknow if I was bad andthat;he"'
would be unhappy. Then I used to think
that; he lived here in the olive orchard
and • I tried to find ; him." Afterward * I
knew he was not here but I came Just
the same because I—I loved-hlm—and.lt
was sweet to be here where ho had been,
and it seemed to me that he could see
me better here.". Chita's .words 'came
slowly. There were long pauses between
the sentences, but Churchill"was strange-
ly silent.' "Padre Juan always said that
if people would only be good they-would
be happy. Sometimes when I was very
unhappy I came here\and , cried . and
'cried, lying in the long grass, and then
it always seemed to me that.the good
padre brought me comfort so that I could
go away glad once more. To-night I
wanted to tell. Padre Juan how happy I
.am and I—I am glad he seems so near,
for he will know and be happy too." ' .
¦ VIt a!L S° ch»dlsh ';*° t0
Churchill's ideas, and yet the girl's words
affected him-curiously. .They.seemed tp
penetrate .through; all the conventional
thoughts and years of contact with ; a
roughening world to some inner recess
where they touched a chord, a single
«J?*»»; that had long been silent. Now It
Quivered at the touch,
I "** •¦ so easy to be good when w« are
«> happy, don't you think it Is?" Chita
bent forward and laid her cheek against
his. It' was the first caress she had ever
given him and it was the touch of a lov
ing child; she was still only a child, bat
the moment of transformation was near,
• Padre Juan Junlsto himself would not
have awed Churchill as did this conjured
vision of Chita's. He would have bit
terly resented a human, priestly warning
but this presence that filled the place!
He seemed to have realized it uoon his
first, entrance Into the garden; now it
stood between him and Chita, He knew
that he must leave her at once; that he
mUst save her; from the destroying in
fluence of his.love, burin the moment of
renunciation she was infinitely dearer and
sweeter than ever before He dared not
mOve. he dared not speak and the mo
ments rushed by. The moon was nearly
overhead and little "rifts of light filtered
through the olive leaves, resting on the
girl's dark hair. ? ¦ ' •
"Chita!" Churchill's voice was inaudl-
•¦•^ AILROAD engineers are inclined to
fj be superstitious. They hesitate to
r\ admit the truth of the assertion,
\ but, like all men who are constant
ly exposed to danger, they come to
expect disaster to be preceded by a herald.
"No; I am not superstitious," said one,
"but mj wife is, and I have never been
In a wreck since we were married but
what she predicted It was going to occur.
I remember when I was running out of
Sedalla on the Rio Grande that by her
insistence in the truth of a dream she
saved my life. I was to have taken out
the freight In the morning, but, she
awakened me soon after midnight. 'Oh,
Jim,' she said, 'I have had such a dread
ful dream. I thought I saw 404 (that was
my engine) plunge into another engine.
I heard the crash, Jim, and the hiss of
escaping steam, and the cries of the poor
fellows pinned under the wreck. You
must not go out In the morning. I know
you will be injured.' I laughed at her
and told her to go to sleep; that she was
nervous. She protested," but I was tired,
and was soon snoozing the sleep of the
Just. When I awoke at 6 o'clock she was
pale and haggard, and I saw that if I
went out she would be a nervous wreck
before I returned. I decided to give in for
once and I fixed it up so that another man
took out my train. His body was brought
back that evening. They had' had a col-
Usion up the line. My substitute was
killed, and the other engineier and both
firemen were badly injured. I pay more
attention to my wife's dreams now. but
I consider it cowardly to attempt to act
upon thtm. If my engine is going into a
smash-up I will be at the throttle, and
the little woman at home must depend
upon her prayers to save me.
"You may call It superstition if you
like." laughed Charlie Frye, the veteran
engineer on the Rio Grande, "but I have
come to regard the number thirteen with
a certain amount of awe. To show you
how it Is interwoven with the tragedies
Superstitions of Raifroad Engineers
Tom Loftus of the Colorado and South
ern looked serious when the subject of
engineers' superstitions was broached.
"Well, I have an unlucky day," said he,
"or, maybe, it is a lucky day, for although
all. kinds of mishaps occur to my engine
on that day, I have so far escaped Injury.
It is the last day of the year. When I
climb into the cab on December 31 I al
ways say: 'Now, look out, Tom, old man.'
Ten years ago the coming December 31,
I was pounding along on a double-header
from Trinidad to Denver. We were mak
ing about thirty miles an hour .through a
blinding snowstorm. You- couldn't see
fifty feet ahead. Between Benares and
Huerfano we crashed into another doubls
header, which was making about forty
miles an hour in the direction of Trinidad.
I saw the 'other train in time to reverse
and Jump. I escaped without serious in
jury, but one of the firemen on the train
bound south" was killed and the rest of
of my life: On July 13, 1901. I was pulling
train No. 7 out of Denver. At thirteen
minutes past 12 I struck a wagon con
taining Max Wagoner and his 13-year-old
boy near Petersburg. The boy was killed.
I reported the accident from the Littleton
office and was delayed just thirteen min
utes. At Palmer Lake the conductor
casually remarked that we had just thir
teen passengers in the sleeper for Cripple
Creek."
Then the fun begins. They want wives
— very naturally. But how are they to
get them? All the female monkeys of the
country belong to the harem of some bis
brute or other. Clearly, the only solution
Is to attack such a harem, kill the gotha
(the aforesaid big brute) and then divide
the spoils. War is declared. The battle is
a fierce one and often lasts several days.
The party attacked always tries to retreat
and often traverses several jungles, fields
and even villages. But the pursuit is hot
and vigorous, and at last a stand has to
be made— sometimes in a village green or
even an orchard of some country man
sion. In the actual fight the females
generally remain faithful to their lord and
master and help him fiercely against his
numerous assailants. But the result Is a
foregone conclusion, and the several
widows, .after a very short period of
mourning— usually manifested by a show
of ill temper— are consoled by the vic
torious males,
Now these battles cause sad havoo to
the fields and orchards of the country and
often prove a positive danger to the peo
ple, for though monkeys seldom attack
men, woe to the luckless one who ven
tures to come near them in their deadly
struggle. Moreover, when pressed by
hunger, these packs are not to be trifled,
with. You may not mind even the dam
age done to your orchard by hundreds of
monkeys gobbling up everything they can
lay their hands on, but it is quite a dif
ferent matter when you have to shut
your doors and windows and stay In for
days at a time because of the army out- ¦
side.
Consequently the object of the natives
is to break up these packs by capturing
their leaders. Killing is against the dic
tates of conscience, but capture is not, esn I
pecially as the monkey is liberated in a
short time, as will appear presently. So.
when a pack is about, the natives employ
the following method: Close to an orchard
a bit of level space is selected and a hole
dug in it, about two feet deep and six or
eight Inches in diameter. A noose is made
at one end of a long, stout cord and *
placed over the mouth of the hole. The
cord is then passed through a pulley or
ring attached to a tree close to the house
and the other end held some distance
away ty a concealed person. The noosa
and about ten or fifteen feet of the cord'
are covered with sand. Then a nice,
tempting banana is placed in the hole
and a number of rotten ones— covered,
however, with fresh skins— are strewn aU
over the ground.
When the pack comes, the females ar»
too shy to venture out into the open space
near the house, but the big trotha is a
brave fellow. He sees the banana on tha
ground, leaps down, takes up one. throws
it away In disgust, then another, with tha
same result. Suddenly he notices the nice,
tempting one in the hole and plunges his
arm in. Immediately the cord is pulled,
the noose fastened on the arm close to tha
shoulder, and tha monkey dragged willy
nilly to the tree, where the pulley orrtnjr
is attached. Then the hiding shikari comes
forth, and, circling: round and round tha
tree with the cord held tight in his hand. I
binds the unfortunate monkey safe and
fast, all but the head. The pulley or ring S
is Introduced not merely to bind the mon
key to tha tree, but also became it would
be highly dangerous to drat* tha Infuriated '
brute ri*ht up to a person.
Th»-mockoy, however, is not killed. la
stead, they lather hi* head and face, bo
special care being taken in selecting tha
finest soap or the purest water. Tha opera
tion is an interesting one and a source
of great amusement to the bystanders.
The monkey, however, dodges his head
about, only to get a good dose of soap in
his eyes and mouth. . Then be has enough
of it, especially as he feels dreadfully '
achy all over and the cords cutting into
his body every inch— to say nothing: of tha
I personal remarks and the highly adject
ival language of the bystanders. . He sub
mits to his ' fate with eastern stoicism.
His head is shaved clean as a billiard ball
and then his face as well, nice and smooth
like a baby's. Then they let him go. But
alas, such is the vanity of life, his wives
will not have him now that his beauty has
gone. They disown him completely, cut
him dead. Nay. they drive him away from
the pack with contumely, with the ends of
their tails . In the absence of domestic
broomsticks. And thus being without a
leader the pack is soon broken ujk
mONKEYS in India are an un
mitigated nuisance, especially In
the country. I have often coma
across in the jungles adjoining
the villages of Northern Bengal whole
troops of them, whose depredations In
filelds and orchards were the despair of
the unfortunate villagers. These troops
always consist of one huge mala and
about 100 females. The fact Is, when a
little monkey is born in the pack it is
suffered to live if a female, but instantly
killed by the father if It happens to be a
male. The mother, however, sometimes
manages jo hide the little one until ha is
able to get about, and then sends him
away before the big male catches sight
of him. In this way it often happens that
individual males are to be found living by
themselves in single blessedness. Now,
getting tired of solitude after a time and
perhaps believing in union as a source of
strength, these bachelors often join to
gether and form a pack of their own— a
sort of club.
Monkey Lore From the
Wilas of India.
She was waiting for him under the
oiive trees, ahead of time at the tryst,
but that was because all of her days were
spent in the old orchard. An idle sun
shiny life hers had been, and into it now
had ccme love, passionate, adoring love.
She did not recognize it by that name,
by any name. She only knew that the
blood that had hitherto flowed languor
ously through her veins rushed tumul
tucusly at the stir of a footstep in the
grass, at the sound of a voice singing
through the trees; that her heart, which
nothing had ever stirred, beat so furi
ously that the little brown hand pressed
against it could hardly hold it in, and, in
her day dreams, and at night, when she
slept, there was ever present one face,
one voice. This love had come to her
suddenly, unbidden, and as yet she asked
nothing more from it than it gave; she
was a child in years, a child in know
ledge. -''^"'' ¦ . .* :
At first the senor painter had only been
kind to her, letting her sit beside him
while he worked, listening to her tales
and songs. Very soon, though, Churchill
became Senor Juan or simply Juao— Jack
wae an impossible name for the Spanish
lips to pronounce— and then Chita was
with him. from early dewy morning until
late at night. Churchill knew well
enough what was coming, what these
days and nights and all this dallying
through the sweet-scented grass would
lead to, but he was content to wait; the
end was sure, and just as one holds a
Class of green chartreuse for a moment.
Inhaling Its fragrance of a hundred
flowers, so Churchill held this cup from
his lips. Ha had no thought of the fu
ture, no thought of what would become
of Chita when he had gone, but lived in
the present end for the present.
The bells had grown quiet; the hills
i^rHURCHILL leaned against the
I / mission gate watching the sunset
V I colors flame and fade over the
J^ western hills. The chimes were
still sending their sweet tones
across the valley, while swallows darted
swiftly through the golden atmosphere,
and in the overhanging pepper trees
sounded the chirping and twittering of
small birds crowding Into their nests. He
had spent several weeks at San Juar.
Bautista had watched many sunsets
from the old iron gate leading into the
mission close. Now his sketches were
finished but something still held him in
the little town. It was Chita.
They watched It silently. Churchill lay
with his elbow on the ground, one hand
supporting his head and the other playing
idly with Chita's little brown fingers. She
was bo content to be there with him,
breathing the perfumed air of n'.ght and
watching the light as it slowly climbed
the hills and flooded the valley.^The. olive
covered hillside slopes rapidly down from
the mission to the pear orchard, planted
a century ago by Padre Juan Junlsto. The
trees are, many of them, stillaliye and
bearing In spite of years of neglect and
blight. Here and there one that has given
up the struggle stretches its gaunt arms
"The lights were lovely here in the gar
den, and— see!". She gave a low cry and
pointed toward the cast/ where a round
silver ball was slowly floating up over the
pine-clad hills into a sea of blue.
"Has it seemed long. Chita? The sun
set colors were so beautiful! I couldn't
leave until they had quite faded away;
but I wished so much that you were there
to see them with me."
were merely blue-black shadows against
a blue-black sky; the evening star hung
like a beacon light on the crest of the
range; one belated swallow scurried to its
nest under the earthen tiles; the old gate
creaked on its hinges and Churchill was
in the orchard. He walked slowly jast
the adobe church, over which wild black
berry vines were trailing. The gray-green
leaves of the olive trees quivered In the
evening breeze, and, half-aloud, Churchill
murmured:
But the olives they were not blind to him.
The little gTay leaves were kind to him,
"When into the woods he came. •
He raised his eyebrows lightly and
shrugged his shoulders. Religion played
no part in his life, and there was some
thing in the suggestion of the lines trat
annoyed him. He began to sing softly,
and Chita sprang from the shadow of the
trees to meet him. Her lap was full ot
flowers, which fell to the ground, and on
her head was a twisted wreath cf wild
blackberry leaves and blossoms. Churchill
had sketched her as a dryad crowned
with . this wreath of leaves. Tj-ngtit
when he saw it he frowned, and again
came an unwelcome thought— the crown
of thorns. '
"You are late a litt'e, Senor— Juan."
Chita's beautiful face was close to his,
the red lips raised to his; but Churchi'l
knew what his kiss would bring to her.
and still he waited. He threw himself
down on the grass, crushing the flowers
under him.
ble at first, bat he made a second effort.
"Chita, I— I am going away. I— I cams
to-night to say good-by. I must go early;
early in the morning."- He did not move,
nor did she. There was no outward sound,
but In Chita's ears there was the rush and
roar of a shattering universe. Suddenly
Churchill sprang. to his feet, raised the
girl In his arms and covered her lips and
eyes and hair with kisses. Only once ha
breathed "I love you," and then the
ilender figure clung to him. Almost
.roughly he untwined her arms from about
his neck and laid her on the ground. She
was stunned by the passion of love that .
surged through her; she was conscious
only of his words. "I love you." The
clang of the Iron gate aroused her. He
had said that he was going! He had said
good-by! ! She stumbled to her feet and
followed him. The gate was fastened on
the outside. She beat her hand3 against
the iron and called aloud her lover's nam».
but there was no answer. He had gona
from her forever and one more aoul had
been saved by the Padre Juan Junlsto's
midnight tryst with Chita In the garden
of San Juan Bautlsta.
3
THE SUKDAY CALL.
A MISSION
CRYSTthe deck. will fall with their backs up.
Who can make a top that will set itself
In motion? Nobody? We will show you
how it is done. - Take a . cork, - a sewing
needle and a square piece of writing pa
per. Place the .cork on the table and
fasten the needle in it,, point up, find the
center . of the piece of . paper by drawing
¦The Pap^r: Top. -
the [diagonal lines and balance it on - the
needle after. bending two opposite corners
or the paper, one upward, the other down.
Now- we are r ready tor the 'trick. HoJ.d
your hand close to the paper, as shown in
figure. Before long the paper will set it
self In motion and will stop as soon as
you remove your hand. ' This simple me
chanical effect is produced by the warmth
of .the t hand > catching - the corner of • the
paper ¦ that we ;• , have bent downward,
which sets the paper top In motion. •'
Take -a hard-boiled egg and a common
water bottle. Shell the eggr. Light a
piece of paper and throw it burning into
the 'water bottle. > What will happen?
The air In- the bottle expands from the
effect • or the heat , and partially ' escapes
iSS7 Ia l?L. after - "L 8Oort whU * onl y a very
little thin and hot air in the bottle. Now
place the egg on the mouth of the bottle
like a cork .without pressing it in. The
air in the bottle will as soon as the paper
Is burned and the heat decreases cool oJ*
and become dense; while the egg, follow
ing, the atmospheric pressure, will slip
into the neck of the bottle and ««V«y £aJJ
to th© bottom with a loud report.
T<3 Fqj'cs an ESS H£! &$%&
Bend a hairpin as shown in figure.
Fasten a five-cent piece into the hook
en the left, while you suspend a ring or
if necessary two rings from the other
book. 'auIs will balance the money if you
place the rim of the five-cent piece on the
point of the large pin as shown In figure.
By blowing against the- ring the whole
will turn without disturbing the balance.
ffcVoTVinS; NKteT
Before the performance jsf this trick ar
range the deck of carda**in such a way
that one part of them contains air the
red cards, while the other consists of the
black ones. Then place one part on top
of the other. Have somebody draw a
card find look at It, but remember out of
which part of the deck (the red or. the
black) the card was taken. ~~ Have the
card put back Into the deck, but If the
card was, from the part containing the
red cards, hold out the part consisting
of black cards and vice versa. By look
ing through the deck the card is easily
found, as it will be the o«ly one among
the cards of different color... Place .the
card on top of the deck, one side extend
ing as shown in figure, and drop the deck
on the table. The • pressure of air will
turn the card face up, while the rest < of
&l&&M*WM?Mk
The necessary materiala for
the tricks In these columns are
found in every fun-loving
home, or may easily be pro
cured at the expense of a few
cents.
White, Matglc; for ; the: ChlWrenio
"Cherokee argues Ag'in this; but Nell
stamps 'round | an' starts , to weep some,
an' at that, like every other true gent, he
gives in plenty abject. '.
.',¦?-.'' Thar's. va, bet I •¦ overlooks,' observes
Ch'etdkee.VwBeni he reaooms his talk with
this Halliday; 'it's my partner. It's only
a little matter of, say, three thousand,
but the way the scheme frames itse'f up,
after I'm " down an' out, you'll have to
break my partner before Wolf ville's all
your own.' . : -
" 'That's eminent satisfactory,' returns
this Halliday. 'An' I freely adds that
your partner is dead_ game 'sport to take
so brief a bundle an*— win all, lose all — go
after more"h twenty times as much. Your
partner's a- shore .enough optimist that
a-way.' -.!¦ * .
"Cherokee don't make no retort/ This
Halliday ain't posted none that the part
ner Cherokee's mentionln' is F.aro Nell,
and Cherokee allows he won't onbosom
himse'f on that p'int onless his hand is
forced. . . . "— •
'•."When the time arrives to open the
game the heft of ' Wolfville's public is
gathered at the Red Light. The word
&oes 'round as to this enterprlsln' Halli
day bein'. out for Cherokee's entire game;
tin' the prospect of .seein'- a limit. higher
than a cat's back, an' a dooel to the
death, proves mighty pop'lar. The play
opens to a full house, shore.
'• 'What limit do you give me?' says
this Halliday. with a sort of cough, at
the sama time settin' in opposite to Cher
okee. . 'Bt) llb'ral; I- ain't more'n a year to
live, and I've got to play 'em hard an'
play « 'cm high in order to get average ac
tion. If I'm in robust' health now, witn
a long, useful life before me, ."the usual
figgers would do: Conslderln' my wasted
health, however, I shore hopes you'll say
something like the even thousand.'
"I looks at Cherokee; his face is as
calm as a Injun's; he's too finely flbered
a sport - to so much as let a eyelash
quiver. The Halliday is equally onemo
tional..Cherokee shoves over three yellow
chips.
• " 'Call 'em ten thousand each.' says
Cherokee^ Then he waits forthis Halli
day to place his next bets.,
"Cherokee makes the turn. Never does
I witness action so sudden and complete.
It's shore the sharpest turn. The top
kyard as the deck lays in the box is
a ten-spot. An' as the papers is shoved
forth, how do you-all reckon they falls?
I'm a Mexican if they don't come seven
king! This Halliday wins all along. Cher>
okee is out thirty thousand,. an' only three
kyards showed! How's that for perishin'
flesh an* blood?
" 'Which I'll do better than that.' re
turns Cherokee as he snaps the deck in
the box. 'I'll let you fix the limit to suit
yourse'f. Make it the ceilin* if the sperit
moves you.' •
¦-, "'That's gen'rous!'- says Halliday, 'an
to mark my appreciation tharof, I'll jest
nacherally take, every risk of split, an'
put ten thousand in the "Pot,"- coppered
ten thousand in the "Big Squar'." an*
ten thousand, coppered, on the high
kyard.' ...
"Son, we-all sports standln* lookin* on
draws a deep breath. Thirty thousand,
in three ten thousand dollar bets, an' all
on the lay-out at jonce marks an epock
in Wolfville business life wherefrom folks
can unblushingly date time! Thar it
lays, however, an' the two sharps moat
onmoved thereby is Cherokee an' that
Halliday themse'fs.
"Turn your game!" says Halliday. when
his money is down, leanln' back to light
a seegyar. .
* On this yere o'casion, thar's likewise
present in Wolfville— he's been infestlr.
round some three days — a onsettled an*
migratory miscreant who's called Ugly
Collins. He's In a heap of ill repoot in
the territories, this Ugiy Collins is; art"
only he contreebutes the information
when he arrives in camp that his visit' i.s
to be a heap tem'rary, Enrigbt would have
signed up Jack Moore to get his guns an'
stampede him a whole 'lot.-. :
"At the time I'm talkin* of. as thar's
no one who's that abandoned as to go
wrltin' letters to. Ugly Collins, it befalls
he's plenty footloose. This leesure on the
part of Ugly Collins turns out some dis
ast'rous for that felon. Not havin* no
missives to read leaves him free to so
squanderin" about permiscus an* it's while
he's ramblin' here an' thar that he tracks
up on this stranger who's come after
Cherokee's bankroll.
"Ugrly Collins sees our pilgrim in the
Red Light an' bar Black Jack, the bar
keep—who of course is present offishul—
the stranger's plumb alone. He's thin an'
weak an* meek, an' is shook by a cough
that sounds like the overture to a foo
neral. Ugly Collins, who's a tyrannizin"
cowardly form of outcast, sises him un
as a easy prey. He figgers he'll have a
heap of evil fun with him. Ugly Collins
doe>s- Tharupon he approaches the con
sumptive stranger an' observes:
" 'You-all seems plenty ailin, pard,* says
Ugly Collins.
- ""Which I shore ain't over peart none '
retorts the stranger. '
" 'An' you-all can put down a bet ' re
turns Ugly Collins, 'I learna of vour ill
health with regrets. It's this a-way I
ain't had no exercise yet this evenin'- an'
as I tracks In yere, I registers a vow to
wallop the first sport I meets up with to
" 'You-all is goin' to be a heap sight
more of a audience than a orator yere
after. Collins,' sa.ys Doc Poets, as he ties
up the villain's visage that a-way. 'Also,
you oughter be less reckless an" get the
address of your victims before embarkin'
on them skelp-collectin' enterprises of
yours. That gent you goes ag'inst. is Doc
Holliday; as hard a game probably af
lurks anywhere between the Slope an' the
Big Muddy.' .
"Does the Stranglers do anything to this
Holliday? Why. no. not much; all they
does is to present him with a Coit's-44,
along with the compliments of th* camp.
" 'An' it's to be deplored.' says Enright,
when he makos the presentation speech to
Holliday. 'you-all don't have this weepon
when you cuts loose at Collins instead of
said jimcrow derringor. In sech events
that hoss thief's death would have bef>n
assured. Shore! Shootin" off Collins' jaw
is good as far as it goes, of course, but
it can't ¦ be regyarded as no seen boon
like dov/nin' him complete.'
"As Ugly Collins says this, he kind r>*
reaches for the invalid gent- where he's
camped in a cha'r. It's a onfortunatc ges
ture: the invalid— as quick as- a rattle
snake — prodooces a derringer — same as
Doc Poets alters, packs — from his surtoot.
an' iYiR bullet carries away most of Ugly
Collins' lower jaw.
whom I've never been 'troduced;— merely
by way of stretchln' my muscles. - Now I
must say— and I admits it with sorrow
that you'all is the unhappy sport. It's no
use; I know I'll loathe 'myse'f for erawlin"
the hump of a gent who's totterin* on the
brink of the grave: but whatever else can
I do? Vows is vows, an' must be kept,
so you might as well prepare youse'f for
a cloud of sudden an' painful vicissi
toodes.'
"•¦'But thar's on« thini? you-all forgets,
Cherokee,' 'says "Nell. 'If he breaks you
he's got to go. on and break me. . I've a
roll of three thousand; he's got to get it
all before ever the play is closed. Tell
this yere Halliday party that.* "
" 'It goes!' says Cherokee. Then he
turns off for a brief powwow with Faro
Nell.
•My roll is about forty thousand big,'
says Cherokee. Then he goes on: 'It's
all right; I'll, open a game for' you at
second drink time sharp.'- .
" 'That's comfortin' to hear." retorts this
Halliday. 'The chances— what with splits
an' what with them ten thousand you-all
ovcrsizes me— is nacherally with you; but
I takes 'em. If I lose. 1 goes back with
a even thousand; if I win, you-all hits
the trail while I'm owner of your liall an'
bank. Does that understandin' go?" ,
"It's, after supper when this Halliday
encounters Cherokee; tho two has a con
ference. This Halliday lays bar* his pur
pose, v • "¦¦.'¦¦ ¦ ¦''.- ¦
."/Which I'h\. yerej-v; says this Halliday,,
'not .'only for your ymon^y; " but ? I wants
the camp.' >Then!.he goesj for'ard and pro
poses! that they plays till one is broke;
an" if its Cherokee.who goes down, that
he vamos the outfit, while Halliday suc
ceeds Jo his game. 'An' the winner is to
stake his defeated adversary to one thou
sand dollars wherewith to begin life
anew.' concloodes this Halliday./ ¦ ,r
¦ /'."Which what' you states seems "like
mighty agreeable offers," says Cherokee,
an' he smiles plenty clever an" gentleman
ly. 'How. strong bo you-all, may I ask?' \>
"'Thirty thousand dollars in thirty
bills,' replies this Halliday. 'An 1 , now
may I inquire how strong you be? I also
likes to know how long a trail I've got
to travel.' . * . , • ¦¦
!H£ HjLITZ Y7TIT3 AIT' -rOZTfi HAiLIDAY IS CLEAITED OTJT.
"In Wolfville, we-all allers recalls that
eharp-Bet gent who comes after Cherokee
with respect. In fact he wins 'our enco
miums before he sets in ag'in Cherokee—
before ever he gets his second drink at
the Red Light bar. He comes raxnblin'
over with Old Monte from Tucson one
evenin'; that's the first glimpse we has
of him. An' for a hour mebby. followin*
his sad advent, seein' the gen'ral herd
is busy with the mail, he has the Red
Light to himse'f. ¦
"This yere gent who crowds Cherokee
to the wall performs the feat deliberate.
He organizes a sort o' campaign ag'in
Cherokee; what you-all might term a fis
cal dooel. An' at the finish he has Cher
okee corraled for his last peso. It's at
that p'int Nell cuts In on the play an*
redeems the eityooation a heep. It's all
on the squar'; this invadin* sport simply
outlucks the bank. That an* the egree
gious limit Cherokee gives him is what
does the trick.
"Tell you-all a story about gamblin':
Now I reckons the time Faro Nell rescoos
Cherokee Hall from rooin is whea I sees
the most dinero changed in at one play.
You-all «an gamble that's a thrillin' eep
isode, when Faro Nell steps in between
Cherokee an' the destroyer.' It's the gos
sip of the camp for days, an' when Wolf
ville discusses anything for two days,
that outfit' s plumb moved.
"Which this yere matter of wealth,
that a-way," be continued, "is a mighty
sight a question of luck. Shore, a gent
has to have capacity to grasp a chance
an' savey sufficient to get his chips down
right. But this yere chance, an' whether
it offers itse'f to any specific sport, is
frequent accident; an' its comin' or fail
ure to come depends on conditions over
which the pcrty about to be enriched
ain't got no control. That's straight, son!
You-all backtrack any big fortune to its
beginnin', an' some'ers along the trail or
at the farthest end, you'll come up on
the fact that it took a accident or two,
what we-all dar-cenefl mortals calls 'luck,'
to make good thy play. It's like gettin'
shot, gettin' rich is; all you has to do is
to be present a whole lot at the time an'
the bullet does the rest.
"You distrusts these doctrines. You
shore won't if you sets down hard an'
thinks. Suppose twenty gents has made
a surround an' is huntin' a b'ar. Only
one is goin" to down him. An' in his
clumsy blunclerin's, the b'ar is goin' to
select that executioner himse'f. That's a
fact; the party v.-ho downs that b'ar,
rinal, ain't goin to pick the b'ar out; the
b'ar is goin' to picii him out. An' it's the
same about wealth; one gent gets the bar
a,n' the other nineteen— an' they're jest as
cunnin' an' industr'ous as the lucky party
— don't get nothing — don't even get a. shot.
I repeats, tharfore, that you-all settin'
yere this evenin', firm' off .aimless ob
servations, don't know whether you'll
quit rich or not."
At the close of his dissertation, my talk
ative companion puffed, a dense cloud
which seemed to hang above his vener
able head in a fashion of heavy blue «ip
yioval. I paused a respectful moment
and a.s one impressed by the uttered wis
dom of the old gentleman. Then I took
another tack.
"Speaking of wealth." I said, " tell me
concerning the largest money you ever
knew to be won or lost at faro — tell me
a gambling story."
"Tell you a gamblin' tale." he repeated,
and then mused as if lost in retrospec
tion. "If I hesitates it's because of a
multitoode of incidents from which to
draw. I've beheld some mighty cur'ou*?
doin's at the gamblin' tables". Once I
knows a party who sinks his hopeless
head on a layout an' dies as he loses his
last chip. This don't happen in Wolfville
none. Xo, I don't say folks ain't cashed
in at farobank in that excellent hamlet
an' gone singin' to their home above, but
it ain't heart disease, that a-way. Usual
it's guns; the same bein' invoked by sech
inadvertencies as pickin' up some other
gent's bet. \
My friend's tone breathed a note of
strong contradiction, while his glance was
the sapient glance of much experience.
I had said that I carried no hope of be
coming rich; that the members of my
tribe were born with their hands open and
had such hold of money as a riddle has of
water. It was this which moved him to
expostulatory denial.
RICHES.' remarked the Old Cattle
man, "riches, says you! Neither
you-all nor any other gent is com
petent to state whether in the foo
ture he. amasses wealth or not.
The question u plumb beyond, the throw
of his rope."
Copyright, 1302. by Robert Howard Russell.
HOW FARO NELL
DEALT BANK
" 'Cherokee does right.' says Nell to
Dan, "like Cherokee allers does. And I'll
do the same as Cherokee. Stranger.' goes
on Nell, turnin' from Dan to this Halli
day; ' go as far as you likes. The bridle's
plumb off the hoss.*
" 'An' much obleeged to you, mis3!'
says this Halliday, with another of them
p'llte bows. 'As the kyards goes back in
the box, I makes you the same three beta
I makes first to Mister Hall. Ten thou
sand, coppered, in the "Pot," ten thou
sand, open. In the "Big SquarV* an* ten
thousand on the high kyard, coppered.'
" 'An' now as then, says Nell, sort o*
catchln* her breath, 'the 10-spofs the soda
kyard !'
"Son, It won't happen ag'ln In a billion
years! Nell's right hand shakes a trifle —
she's only a child, mind, an' ain't got the
steel-like nerves that "coes with case
hardened sports— as she shoved that ten
spot forth. But It's comln' her way; her
luck holds on as certain as the sun: the
same two kyards shows for her as for
Cherokee, but this time they falls king
seven, the bank wins an' pore Halliday Is
cleaned out.
" Thar. Cherokee," »ays Nell, an' that's
a soft smile an' a sigh of deep content
goes with the observation, that's your
bank ag'in; only it's thirty thousand
stronger than It Is four hours ago.*
" 'Your bank, ladybird, you means!*
says Cherokee.
" '"Well, our bank, then,* retorts Nell.
'What's the difference? Don't yon-all tell
me we're partners?' Then Nell motions to
Black Jack. 'The drinks is on me. Jack,*
she says. 'See what the house will
have.' " -"•.'-.
"Nell cast her eyes— they're burnin* like
coals now— on Dan. I can ' see his bluff,
about Cherokee bein' weak, that a-way,
has done decided her mind.
"It's no avail, this Halliday still loses.
At the end of a hour. Nell sizes up her
roll; she's a little over forty thousand
strong — where Cherokee stands at the
start.
"Nell pauses as she's about to put the
deck in the box for a deal. She looks at
this Halliday a heap thoughtful. That
look excites Dan Boggs, who's been on
the brink of fits ever since the play be
gins; he's that 'motional.
" ' Don't raise the limit. Nell!" says
Dan in a awful whisper. That's where
Cherokee's weak at the go-off. He ought
never to have thrown away the limit.'
" 'Miss,' says this Halliday, 'I feels
honored to find rayse'f across the layout
from so much speiit an* beauty. A limit
of one hundred, says you; an' your word
la law! As a first step, then, give me
three thousand dollars* worth of chips,
an' make 'em fifty dollars each. I'll take
the same chance with you on that Ques
tion of splits I does former, an' I wants
a hundred on every kyard, middle to win
ag'ln the ends.'
"The deal begins. Nell la winner from
the Jump; she takes In three bets to lose
one, plumb down to the turn. This Hal
liday calls the turn! jack-all for the limit,
an' loses.
¦ "The kyards go into the box ag'ln an
a next deal ensooea. So it continyoos; an'
Nell beats Halliday hard for half a hour.
.Nell sees she's In luck, an' she feels that
strong sh© concloods to crowd it some/
" The limit's five hundred!' says Nell
to this Halliday. 'Come after me!'
"Halliday bows like he's complimented.
I'm after you, an* I comes a-runnin,', ha
says.
"Down goes his money all over the lay
out: only now it's five hundred Instead of
one . hundred. -
"Since you-all has that sum left »n your
treasury, observes Halliday. puffin his
seegyar, 'I reckons I'll let one of these
yere yellow tokens go, coppcreu. on the
high kyard ag"in. You-all doubles or
breaks right yere.' ~
"The turn falls trey-eight. Cherokee
takes In that ten thousand dollar yellow
chip.
"'Bein' that I'm still playin* on velvet,
remarks this Halliday, an' his tones is
listless an* languid, like. he's only half in
terested, 'I'll go twenty thousand on the
high kyard, open. This trip we omits the
copper.' .
"The first kyard to show is a deuce. It s
better than ten to one Cherokee will win.
But disapp'lntment chokes the camp; the
next kyard is a ace, an' Cherokee's swept
plumb off his moccasins. The bank is
broke; an' to signify as much Cherokee
turns his box on its side, count3 over forty
thousand dollars to this Halliday an* gets
np from the dealer's chair.
"As Cherokee rises. Faro Nell slides off
the lookout's stool an' into the vacated
chair. When Cherokee Iose3 the last bet I
hears Nell's teeth come together with a
click. I don't dare look towards her at the
time; but now, when she turns the box
back, takes out the deck, riffles an' re
turns It to its place, I gives her a glance.
Nell's as game as Cherokee. As she sits
opposite this lucky invalid Halliday, her
color is high, an' her eyes like two evemn
stars.
" 'An' now you've got to break me," says
Nell to this Halliday. 'Also, we restores
the statu quo, as Colonel Sterett says In
that Coyote paper, an* the limit retreats
to a even hundred dollars.' 1" ¦ '
" 'Be you-all the partner Mister Hall
mentions?' asks this Halliday, at the same
.time takln' off his sombrero an* throwin
away his seegyar.
"Nell says she Is.
WOLFVILLE STORIES
4
v ' ¦ . ¦ >; :
THE SUNDAY CAJLL.howled through the long, dark hours in
th« unfinished menagerie cages until an
other day brought the carpenters back
to work with their deafening pounding
of ax and hammers. Outside, in the far
corner of the unfinished monkey house,
tho laughing hyena was tied up with a
rope, like the veriest cur. and all around
him were tiers on tiers of boxes filled
with frenzied., shivering. chattering,
screeching: monkeys of all kinds and- sizes,
carefully crated like ducks bound for the
market. It was truly a very strenuous
Unk was ready and waiting on the other
side of the grounds. Tne half -section of
an | old - cask was - good enough for him so
long as there was plenty of water In It.
Now, the moving of an . alligator, « even
an alligator that has already traveled ex
tensively as-a ."consignment," is no easy
task, > and the i methods employed, which,
though direct and t simple, were not now
altogether unknown ' to him. t It required
consiQerable maneuvering, therefore, : to
get a noose over his great long iron 1 jaws,
which '.was drawn so tight that he could
cepting, of course, the man who feeds
them fish, and to him they are as tame as
a flock ¦ of domesticated ducks.
At a very convenient spot under the
dizsy • incline '. of . the Chutes, and near
enough to make ¦ the . merry-go-round a
double attraction, an octagonal tank,
with an artificial island In the center,
built on an elevated scaffolding, has been
constructed. It had just been filled with
water when the sea lions charged boldly
through the tunnel and the^r unexpected
visit; could not have been more oppor-
stumbled Into the winding sluice box of
the "mystic maze" water course of the
"old- mill race," and instantly a stampede
of both men and animals was begun.
Each, dashed wildly about trying to es
cape the other, and it required the com
bined efforts of the whole corps o£ animal
trainers . and attendants to round up the
frightened beasts again before, they could
escape to the street, and lodge them safe
ly In the menagerie.
And thus the populating at the new
Chutes was finally accomplished.
period for the Jungle colony.
Rajah had not yet become one of them.
He was still on his way from Bartell's in
New York. That sounds very highfaluting
and aristocratic, but the -plain truth is
that ¦ Rajah was making the long and
hazardous trip simply, as a "consign
ment." To the express company he was
livestock, nothing more, and he was
dumped Into box cars and out again like
so much old Junk.- Ob, the awful indig
nity of it all! Truly it is inconceivable
that a proud prince of the Jungle, a great.
full-grown, roll-blooded, bright-hued tiger
could be trapped In the wilds of Africa
and then be shipped half way round the
world simply as a "consignment.":.
But worse than all else, he was not
even received as an honored guest. When
the new Chutes was planned by the archi
tect a certain number of cages were de
signed and their dimensions given to Mr.
Hall, the animal trainer. He counted the
beasts in his. care and found that he
would have cages and to spare. Then it
was that he procured one of Bartell's cat-
bis dignity. Then he waa aruggvA about
on a bobsleigh for days and days, before
finally being emptied into a none too com
modious cage. * Savage: resentment; and
cunning sullenness were alike unavailing
to win him a' chance for vengeance, and
Bince then he has : cherished a rankling
hatred of anybody who bears the slight
est resemblance to a carpenter. -
Only, a 'few days previous the alligator
had , arrived . from Florida : boxed . up like
a mummy, and was dragged ¦through > all
kinds of warehouses .under /the same ig-
Not far away. In the same inclosure.
four or five bears were locked up over
night In the tool shed, while across the
street in the main grounds the African
lion colony, with the leopard family, the
jaguar and the old grizzly shivered and
The workmen complained to Manage.
Leavy that the animals were constants
in their way. and the savage beasts i
their tyirn soon made it perfectly dea.
that they regarded the workmen as mcu
ellesonie intruders, to be tolerated on!:
as luncheon tid-bits, if they must be toi
« rated at all. Both sides were right, aoi^
Manager Leavy was in a quandary.
Viewed from cither side the case presen.
ed no end of humorous and amazing feu
mrts, while as an attraction, pure ar.v..
simple, the -work of building and popu
lating the new Chutes was better than -
three-ring and hippodrome circus, win.
menagerie and sideshows combined.
As a spectacle It was nothing short <W
Romanesque in its thrilling contrast:
though to the workmen themselves it wa
grim and earnest. Only the spectator wit.
a large sense of the ridiculous would se<
the screechingly funny side of it at all.
In order to get at the piles of lumbv;
that were to be converted into the gre^
long toboggan slide or the tortuous wind
ings of the scenic railway the carpenter.
were obliged to drag long strings u.
screaming monkeys from place to placv-.
or carry yards upon yards of deadly co
bra, simmering drowsily In oil cans fillc.
•with hot water to keep them from freez
ing to death in the cola, brisk wind, fron
one pile of timber to another. Then tl>
huge 6ea lions, followed by the awkward
ly waddling pelicans, came lumberin;
into the way and were driven aside, oni;
to be replaced by the haughty llamas or £
mischievous bear. Even on the warmer.
<lay one waa never far from the coK
shudders.
Regarded seriously, however, can yo:
imagine a more nerve-racking experienc<
than to have to saw heavy planks into
accurate length* with a pair of roaring
lions terrorizing you through every mo
ment of the day, or to fit locks and bolt>
to the tiger's cage with that ferociou
brcte constantly practicing his most cun
ning sneak upon you. Nor la it more re
assuring to have to place a wira scree p.
around the alligators' tank with thai
nasty looking reptile blinking a watchf u
eye «.t you. ¦ ;
On the other nf"*, It was no particular
fnn for either the lions or the tiger to l»
prodded none too gently into the crampei.
quarters of the narrow moving boxes, to
be hauled around on a bobsleigh over al.
manner of rubbish, with no more consid
eration than a email boy .would accoro
to a rat in a trap, in order that a paint
besmirched man might make a hideout
Imitation of the jungle brush of their na
tive heath, which deceived no one, not
«ven the pp<mai« themselves.
Like most American engineering and
architectural projects, everything at the
new Chutes was in process of construc
tion at one and the same tinre. All tin
mystic sideshows that will beguile the
nimble nickel from an all too credulous
fun-loving public grew and grew day
after day as If by magic, but though thi
new grounds are larger than the olo
Halght street site everything thereon Is
built on a more lavish scale.
The menagerie and cafe take up the
whole west elde of the block, with an ele
vated promenade extending all around th
south side of the lake to connect with the,
entrance to the scenic railway and the
new Ferris wheel on the east side, while
the chutes themselves, with a brand new
novelty called the "old mill race, ' win,
fill up the entire north end of the
grounds, where the vaudeville theater
used to be in the old resort.
The new theater is simply colossal, it
is nearly twice as big as the old one ana
has s» seating capacstv of over 4000. It U
so large, in fact, that it had to be erectep
on a neighboring block all by itself, with
a broail street separating it from the
main grounds. Then a wide tunnel ha/j
to be dug under the street to connect tlio
two sections. It is because everything
has been constructed on this large seal,
that thrre wiis very little space left be
tween the buildings for constructing ma
terials, and so it happened that when the
former denizfiis of tiie jungle were give;,
their lirst trolley party car ride from the
old Chutes to the new. there was no plae-c
to put them when they arrived.
The llamas and the emu were given
temporary quarters in the foyer of the
new theater. Near them the sea lions,
and the alligator were placed in cold
storage in the respective halves of an old
rask that had been sawed in two and
filled with water for their especial ben
efit. The pelicans followed the sea lions
as a matier of course and kept up a con
tinual bickering for elbow room in the
narrow tubs.
The trouble began when the new
menagerie was being populated with Its
brave display of jungle beasts before th<.
bullding itself was completely finished.
The workmen and the animals alike sei
up a loud protest against this arrange
ment, which was for all the world Uki
moving Into a new Cat before the plaster
ing is done.
Everything had to be shifted and shuni
ed about from building to building, just
as your cook stove is unceremoniously
dumped into the parlor while the linoleum
is being tacked down on the kitcher.
fioor, and then moved back again just a;
your line upholstered furniture and rar,
Oric-a-brac is piled up in the scullery,
¦while bright-hued Persian carpets i:
purse-straining lengths are being laid i
Eymmetrical squares between the folding
doors and the deep bay windows.
DROP a nickel and be delighted."
That mysteriously alluring sign,
gayly blazoned on a gaudily paint
ed board half-concealed under the
rapidly accumulating debris at the
new Chutes, is aptly expressive of the
epirit of the place. To that end there has
been a vast deal of building within the
high inclosing walls of the big pleasure
EToant's just across the way from tht
new m..*ic stand at the park, which arc
more extensive by a full block than the
old resort on Haight street. And out of
the chaos thereof, which has existed like
a reign of terror for two months past,
there arose such strange, startling scenes
as never will be outdone In all the long
list of future attractions.
Thus the work of building and populat
ing the new Chutes at one and the same
time went on swiftly apace. As each new
box of birds or beasts or reptiles arrived,
they were stored separately or in piles
in any convenient corner that could be
found until their cages were made ready
to receive them, when they were dis
played conspicuously In their new quar
ters, like a 'consignment of silks in a bar
gain sale -show window.
In this way there was a continual pro
cession of wild animals of all degrees of
abject servitude back and forth through
the long tunnel. It was days and days
before the family of bears were given a
more comfortable bed than they had been
able to make for themselves on the as
sorted implements in the tool shed. The
lions, the leopards, the pumas and 'he
tiger, as the most uncertain quantity In
the whole jungle colony, were naturally
given precedence in their domestic ar
rangements, though they were not all tin
ally settled comfortably without much
recourse to the hated moving boxes,
against which they fought long and
Btubbornly.
Then when all else was In readiness,
the home of the emu and the llama in
the foyer of the new theater was rudely
broken up and, with the bears from the
tool shed, they were herded down through
the .tunnel and across the main ground.
Here one of the llamas, which had b?on
holding its head loftily erect in proud dis
dain of the plodding bruin, suddenly
In the midst of this excitement, how
ever, the hyena got loose from hia moor
ings while being dragged about from cage
to cage and mixed things with a era to
of monkeys In a far corner of the me
nagerie. This roused the whole jungle
colony to eager expectancy, and the lions,
the tiger, the jaugars, the lecpard, and
even the pumas, set the bars of their
cages twanging merrily in their frantic
efforts to get out and add this laughing
beast to their limited menu. But Bill
was soon rounded up again and lodged
safely in a narrow little cage at the end
of the building, from which he could
neither see nor be seen.
tune. They were rounded up like wild
cattle on the range and driven headlong
Into the bubbling water of the new tank,
where a hearty meal of smelt made them
all feel quite at home.
Meanwhile In the menagerie a new dif
ficulty had arisen from an entirely new
and unexpected source. A carpenter had
been detailed to place an extra fine wire
screen around the miniature aviary .tn
which a whole flock of cockatoos and par
rots were confined. He entered It boldly
enough, as one entirely careless of dan
ger. With him he carried a strip of lath
ing to hold the edge of the screen in
place. To^the assembled birds of loud
voice and louder plumage the lathing
seemed a most convenient perch, and
when the careful carpenter raised It Into
place to see how well It would fit before
nailing it over the screen there was a
sudden deafening flapping and whirring
of wings and the whoie flock settled on
the strip of lathing as one bird. The car
penter was nearly frightened Into hys
terics by the suddenness of the onslaught,
but thereafter he had to accept with pa
tient equanimity all the efforts of the
meddlesome cockatoos to assist him at
his labors. They would perch upon his
head and shoulders and take turns in
clutching at his hammer while he nailed
the wire netting to the wall. At one time
they were all so busily assisting him that
he was forced to retire and leave the
work to the birds themselves.
THE SUNDAY CAXIi;
5
.scarcely breathe • while he waa being
dragged out of his comfortable bath and
over a pile of chips and sawdust. The
rest was comparatively easy. In a min
ute or two more he was securely bound
up in long lengths of stout rope and
transported down through the tunnel like
a two-by-four strip of scantling.
Following the dispossession of the alli
gator, the sea lions determined to strike
the first blow for liberty themselves. As>
there was no enclosing fence around their
own half of the divided cask, they flopped
over the edge and led the pelicans a mer
ry chase down the- long incline, through
the tunnel and up over the other side to
the empty basin of the lake, across which
a force of workmen were carrying the
new hobby horses, slipping and sliding
the while through the ooze of soft as
phaltum like bees in a Dot^of honey.
The sudden advent of the sea lions and
their pelican" satellites created a sensa
tional stampede among the carpenters
and builders. An enthusiastic sea lion
looks as formidable a? a wild bull . and
when he moves in droves there is some
thing awe-inspiring in the spectacle.
Everybody gave them a wide berth ex-
ncmlnious title, quite as if his hide had
already been tanned into a long strap o*
leather f on hand -satchels.' But as a
"consignment,", the alligator's first dip
into the,water in the inverted cask felt
just as good as if he had been called by
any other name. He flopped his huge
tail about in complete satisfaction and
buried all but the tip of his long snout
in the dark depths of the muddy water.
As a "consignment," he had come and
as a "consignment" he was satisfied to
remain among the untamable populace of
the new Chutes, but he was not allowed
to bask for long in the sunshine of his
own contentment. The space he occu
pied was needed "for nail kegs. He must
move, but move he would not. It mat
tered not to him that a new concrete
alogues and price lists and ordered a con
signment of wild animals, "good show
ers," just as the parvenu rich of the pres
ent day buy their libraries by the yard.
So It was that Bajah discovered when
he arrived hero, if he was not already too
sullen to take notice of the. fact, that he
had' not only crossed the continent and
the ocean merely as a "consignment," but
that his price had been fixed .and paid be
fore he had even been tracked and
trapped, simply to complete an architec
tural scheme.
¦ -;No wonder _ he^ has been ' sulking ever
since. When he arrived in: San Francisco
he was tumbled into a delivery wagon
and dumped off at the Chutes amongst
all sorts of bales and boxes of building,
material, without the slightest regard for
POPULATING THE NEW
DHUTEShair on the under Up hide a rather mo
bile mouth, that parts in a' genial smile
and marks the man as one pi the ap
proachable sort. -
When , he raised his hat it showed
a forehead, very high and broad and
smooth, and dark brown hair slightly
streaked with gray, and by no means
¦ scarce. ' \ .
There are no deep lines in his face, nor
is there reason why there should be. The
world has been good to E. H. :' Harriman.
Even now, before he has reached the half
way mark, he has had a brimming' meas
ure, of .success^ with the pleasant con
sciousness that" he owes it to himself.
'Individual effort is a part of ine Jtiarn- '
man creed. -This he admitted in a round
aboutlway. /-..-¦ ''.- ;'¦ "¦¦', \' ¦'.:.-. ' ¦'• ...¦¦.-¦•'•¦;."
: 'At,a small station this side of Burlin
game, as, the people filed into the car and
began .the, eager search for seats, Mr.
Harriman said,* 1 "Why ', don't you write ,
something on the courtesy of the travel-
Ing ; ; public?'^
He .was looking at a man across '.the
aisle who managed .without- any trouble
to occupy; four seats, v He had himself,
spreadover two of them and his baggage
over the other two. ¦'-...
"Thepeople coming in think this car is '
full,"- remarked Mr. , Harriman, "and that
man sits .there as complacently as though , :
each , man , was entitled to ;' four seats." :
The man in question glanced lazily,- in- '
differently; at tne me of people. He was
fat and- porklsh. , H,e, looked the part, he
jwas "playing. ." '[ .'•;'¦ • ..'-•'¦¦•".- ' .-.
"Hetis'not j an American," Mr. .Harri
man continued.'- ..'.¦ ; . A ..-. .
' "Then you think Americans more cour
teous than other people ?'.' •
"I do," answered this man who knows
every grade of Americans from the man
with;the shovel to the man with float
ing palaces. : , .
"It is a natural consequence of our
give-and-take policy.' Yes, and I it Is due
somewhat to the fact that the American
knows : he is not born ; in one layer of so
ciety-and, compelled to stay there.' His
getting to, the top is a .'matter of indi
vidual effort."
.-', Mr/ : Harriman stopped right there. He
LAST Sunday, you were asked to guess who the <r Water Sprite"
would be. Did you guess rightP Just look and see. She is
Miss Adelaide Murphy and her picture— the very first in the
beautiful and altogether uniqua series of fancy costume poses by
rich and prominent society women— is published on the front page
of The Sunday Call to-day. Quite a surprise, wasn't it?
The next picture in the seriss, which will appear next Sunday,
May 11, is "Sunrise"— a ccsturae pose even more artistic and orig
, inal. Now that one word alons, if you know your society bluebook
but passably well, is a good clew. Guess who it will be— or if you
can curb your impatience, wait ar.d see.
Othsr striking costume poses willbe: "The Buchess of Gains
borough," to bo published on Sunday, May 18; "Tommy Atkins,"
"Empress Josephine," "Twelfth Century Court Beauty" "Hunga
rian Princess," "Folly," "A -French -Princess," and "Columbia"—
al of them among the fairest of the fair in the local [Four Hundred..
Does not that pique your curiosity?
DTD yOU GUESS RIGHT?'
WHO t|||h| "WATER SPRITE?"
of the big *aa__ **• nas to his credit as
a hunter. i
By way of milder recreation Mr. Harrl-
and the calcium. <"-•- r
That is why he didn't want to be presi
dent of the Southern Pacific.
That is why, when he .took the presi
dency, almost in spite of, himself, people
_who try jto keep track of. ?.what is going
¦on looked at each other 'and said: "Who
is this man Harriman? What manner of
man is he?" •;"'•:¦
And they are still askingj'f
It was not more than a -half "dozen years
.ago that men who know ."-. something of
finance began to sit up and take notice
of this man who was creeping so quietly
into the line, who was be^ibnlng 1 to show
that wonderful geniusVfor promoting
great enterprises that is, the 'gift of the
few. v '?:
Since that time he hass- made one bril
liant stroke after another. To-day he is
known as the Wizard of -Wall Street— on
Wall street. Outside he is known simply
as the head of the Harrfman syndicate,
though just what' that means few guess.
It means that he votes rtot, only his own
stock, but that of his associates, that he
is in .absolute control of the biggest rail
road combine in the iworia/; Unlike most
men, he gets absolutely no pleas
ure from the "plaudits of his fel- '
lows. He is the sort £• of man the '
public never gets acquainted with be
cause he does not choose" that it shall.
He never takes the public into his confi
dence and lets them kno\y< how he works
and what he does when he isn't working.
Indeed, it is almost a capital offense for
any one in his employ, .t^ tell anything
they, may, know of him. -As for that, they
"know.Httle "moreftha-n 'the general public.
':'-lMrr.Harrimahf.Upse*tp "I the theories of
many inen;.of affairs. He believes in com
bining business,.and-' pleasure.^ fie fbicllme-" •¦¦
for such a man.
Mr. Harriman has always been some
thing of a student. It was his taste for
research that prompted him two years
ago to take a half-hundred well-known
scientists, artists and literary men on a
three months' expedition to Alaska. The
expenses of the entire trip were paid by
Mr. Harriman, and much was learned of
the geological formation, the flora and
fauna and previously unexplored parts of
the land of the aurora and the great
"white silence." . > V
Mr. Harriman stated his Intention of
visiting Stanford and Berkeley during his
stay, adding: "It is a good thing to have
those two universities here, because it
creates a spirit of rivalry, which is al
ways good."
I had begun to despair, but here was a
phantom chance.
"What do you think of a college educa
tion for boys?" I ventured.
He read my purpose instantly. He hes
itated before replying:
"It's all right; it's a good thing. Every
boy should have a college education if
he can. But it Is not necessary, you un
derstand. It Is not against the boy who
does not have it."
"You think, then, there Is room at the
top for boys who never go to college?"
"Yes."
It was another case of Q. E. D., and
he knew it. Edward H. Harriman stopped
school at 16, when he was just beginning
to struggle with Latin verbs.
"What advice would you give to boys
who want to make a success in life?"
He parried again.
• ; ,vi am too young to give advice ta
hnvs;" h« stuff?-
so, ami said tieSdiait'always-' 1 . 1 'That he~
does is evident?* torn the fact of 'lils bring j : ;
ing with hirri^ri'arf^rnportant^ibugli^ss^
trip not only his whole family but a party"*
of friends as well.
Nor does he merely go through the mo
tions, leaving the others to have J the
pleasure and himself the business.
He is a very rapid worker, and he
works whenever there is^anythlng to do,
be it night or day. But he does not make
a practice of working every hour that he
is awake. He does not burn the candle
at both ends. H.'o • •
That" very morning his daughters had
coaxed him opt' for a ride to watch the
pink-coated Blingumites in a 'cross coun
try dash with the hounds. And in telling
of.it there was evident the spirit of the
sportsman in his admiration of the tricks
of the coyote ' that galloped away in the
lead of . the chase, turning now and then
at a fence corner, to size up his pursuers.
"It was more sport for the coyote than
any one else," he. said, smiling at the
picture .in his mind's eye of . the coyote
almost grinning; at the dogs that couldn't
gain on him. ,
"You are a horseman?"
4I "Y©s ** •.*•"-"
Any, other man would have taken this
chance to tell of the fine "stock farm at
Tuxedo, New York, where Mr. Harriman
Indulges- his fancy for Jersey cows and
fast horses.; It is a common enough thing
around Tuxedo to' see-thls railroad mag
nate perched on a" pneumatic- tired sulky,
with his heels half ; way down the- shafts,
speeding along behind one of his spirited
trotters. >. i , ¦. : .
It was a good: time, too, for him to tell
,^ He'Nvasisuspicious of every question,
jtHQBgh . tys^manner was so friendly be
¦-tweeti'iqoestlons that hig brief answers
rather encouraged further probing:.
He even suspected a trap when I asked
If he was a New Yorker. But after ha
had said yea, he went on with urn* en
thusiasm: 5 -'
."New York Is a wonderful city. It Is
no longer an Eastern city. It Is as much
of the West and North- apd South aa of
the East. There was a time when there
was a feeling of jealousy toward Now
York, but that Is a thing of the past.
Now It Is recognized that New York Is a
great American center 1 — the representa
tive of all sections. '..
"No, It is not right to say that every
thing: originates there. There are men
with original ideas everywhere, but they
usually take them to New York because
there is a higher premium en original
Ideas there."
Mr. Harriman has Irred practically all
his life in New York. It was there, while
still a young broker, that he married
Miss Averlll, a woman .of charming man
ner and . refinement, who cares almost as
little for society as her husband does. The
family consists of three daughters and
two sons, the youngest a fine little fel
low of 6 years, familiarly known as
"Bubbsy," of whom the father Is yery
proud.
The Harrlmans live plainly In New
York, as the living of millionaires goes,
preferring to enjoy .themselves and their
friends In their own way rather than to
be counted among the fashionables who
rule society. It may. make a difference,
now that two of the Misses Harriman
have reached an age when young women
care for society; but it is a safe guess
that they will not lead their father, how
ever Indulgent he may be, very far Into
the gay whirl.
He doesn't care for the show or the pre
tence of It. The substantial is all that
appeals to him. One knows that by look
ing at him. It Is one question that need
never be asked.
knew I was thinking: that he was the Q.
E. D. that always winds up the demon
stration of a problem in algebra. No man
in the country is a better proof of the in
dividual effort theory. '
.-, He; has not had the hardships of some,
perhaps, -but he •; had his own way to
make/ 'He was the son of. a minister, a
man of .ability enough to enable the boy
to have a common school education, but
no more.
I He was but half through his teens when
ho entered the office of a stock broker in
New York and began shaping for himself
a career that has followed in natural se
quences. Just as he had worked hard at
'school and stood high in his classes, so
he applied himself to learn the brokerage
business. He went about it quietly. He
has never had any other way of doing
things. He had a clearly defined purpose,
though he didn't waste time saying so. It
was very early in his career that he be
came interested particularly 'in railroai
securities, and from that he passed on
naturally to the consideration of rail
roads themselves. His* official connection
with railroads began when he became
vice president of the Illinois Central.
But it is not in the nature of the man
to care for place. He is ambitious to do,
not to be. He is eager for 'results, not
honors. He would rather stay behind the
scenes and direct than to have a part that
brings him into the glare of the footlights
E.H. HARRIMAN-THE MAN
By BEHTHA JHU SMI-TIH^v'
We want to know." A man 'or woman "with
a good imagination . would go away now '
and tell all about how you* did it^ It la
only th.e. truthful ; Jameses .that keep on j
probing for facts until they' get them."
He was looking" out of the'ear .window. '
But at the words ''truthful' James"; he
shot a glance out of the corner' of his eye
that burned clear through me until_the
hairpins in the back of my- head fairly
sizzled and confessed to being celluloid.
. It w T as only a strong sense of being as
honest 'as I claimed that "kept me calm,
under that steady, searching gaze.
Those eyes of his are. the distinguishing
feature of a face Otherwise more kindly"
than forceful. • The j nose is straight and
strong enough, but the chin is short and
lacking in that firmness and squareness
usually found in -the man that forges
ahead in this world in spite of obstacles.
A drooping mustache and a little tuft of
"Why don't the newspapers confine
themselves more closely to facts?" he
asked.
"You, 'for instance, are one of the rea
sons," I suggested. "You won't tell what
It was after he was seated in the car
and had talked about the beauties of
California and the evolution of railway
coaches that reference was made to the
Hermann Oelrichs banquet of the night
before, of which ' such wonderful stories
have been going the rounds; of the pond
in the center of the table with live frogs
sitting upon live lilyfpads, arjd live ter
rapin swimming about to catch the
crumbs thrown to them by the guests— a
banquet reported, to have cost $7000 for a
half-hundred men. He smiled.
There was something affable and friend
ly in the voice that settled the question
of his identity, and just a bit of merri
ment in the eyes that looked through the
gold-rimmed glasses, and acknowledged
that he had been caught in trying to es'
cape unnoticed. I didn't know till after
ward that he has been known to have
his private car sidetracked in order to
escape interviewers.
He said he would talk, but added, "I
have very little to say."
I was prepared to find a modest man—
a man not given to fuss and feathers or
to going about with a flare of trumpets;
but. such a superlatively modest man,
one so altogether inconspicuous— no, I
was not prepared for that.
It was almost time for the noon train
to town and away back somewhere lurked
a suspicion that Mr. Harriman might be
going in. It was best to wait and see.
Presently a party of young girls on
horseback rode up to the Harriman train,
stopped for 'a moment and, rode away
again. A man who had come up just
after them dismounted and walked over
to the special. I hardly noticed him. Nor
did I look twice when, as the incoming
train whistled, he crossed the platform
and went to the ticket window— not until
some one standing near said:
"I'll bet I wouldn't pay fare if I was
president of the road."
What! I couldn't believe it till the man
himself had said:
"Yes, I am Mr. Harriman."
"No, he had not returned," was the
colored chef's reply to the same question
half an hour later. " . -. \ . '.'¦
"No, Mr. Harriman is not in," answered '
the family physician, who travels with
the party and who seemed to be keeping j
house in the temporary absence of the :
others when I inquired at the car. He ,
would be back shortly. ' ;. .'
town, looking after affairs that brought
him here. His private car Arden is de
tached from the train and runs back and
forth at all hours to bring him to town for
business or the many banquets that have
been given in his honor. Burlingame had
seemed the most likely place to see him.
the country for two months." It is there
that Mr. Harriman goes -for a breathing
spell between the busy hours spent in
It was on the train coming up from Bur
lingame that Mr. Harriman consented to
talk to me. Burling-ame is the headquar
ters for the special train of five cars on
which Mr. Harriman, his wife and family
and a party of friends have been tousing
And he meant it. He was so honest
about it and so earnest that I began to
wonder if it really is anything to be a
railroad magnate cf the first water, the
head of a multi-millioned syndicate, and
one of the triumvirate of financiers that
practically control the railroads of the
country. Perhaps, after all, this isn't any
bigger than being a butcher or baker or
candlestick-maker.
"Did what? I haven't done anything
yet. Give me a chance to do something
first."
But like one used to bowling over other
people's arguments like so many ten
pins, he toppled mine all down at one fell
swoop:
"Cut it is YOU people want to know
about, and how you did it." I argued, pro
ceeding to range my reasons in front of
him.
But Mr. Harriman doesn't see it that
way. He doesn't see why his personality
is more interesting than that of any other
man. "When I asked him to talk to- me
about himself, he suggested a half a
dozen commonplace things that he
thcught would be better topics.
As a man who began life v.-ith nothing
ar.d at barely middle age is many times a
millionaire, wHh the motive force of many
rat ire millions back of him, he Is a figure
that stands out and demands attention,
whether he likes attention or not.
As president of the Southern Pacific he
is the most interesting man in the coun
try to Californians.
As the head of the Harriman syndicate,
whioh controls eight railroads, with an
Eggiagatc of nearly 25,000 miles and year
ly tarninprs running into the hundreds of
millions, he is one of the most powerful
men in the financial world to-day.
' —V DW ARD H. HARRIMAN is one
-/ man in eighty million.
I f He nt-ver uses the personal pro-
V* noun if be can help it. He talks
of other things, briefly, to be sure,
for he is economical almost to stinginess
of words: but of himself— positively not at
all.
THE little King of Spain is to be
crowned to-morrow.
This Is not the first great cere
mony at which he has been official
ly IT. In fact, during these six
teen years in which he has been coming
of age he has always been holding cen
ter stage in the most elaborate end digni
lied of ceremonies.
The firxt of these took place sixteen
years ago. On the 17th of May. 1SS6, he
was borne into the anteroom of the r-aiace
of Prado, where were assembled the Em
bassadors, the dignitarito of the Spanith
court, the royal attendants, the every
body who was of high enough rank to te
there.
The Prime Minister, Senor Sagasta, bore
him in from the Queen's chamber. The
young King lay upon a silver salver. He
was extremely red and lachrymose. The
ceremony annoyed him and he took no
pains to hide the fact. He was only min
utes old at the time, and he considered it
too socn to take up affairs of state. Those
burdens would come later on.
They are coming now in very truth.
His sixteenth birthday occurs this May,
and on the 5th he will be crowned mon
arch of one of the world's oldest nations.
Sixteen years means a man as Spain has
it in that southern land where youth is
short. V. ,. :
He must take up the duties of that tre
mendous position to which he was born.
He must cease to be a child; he must put
away childish things. He is a king.
A great many people thought that he
would never live to see the day of his
coronation. He was a sick and an un
happy little child.. It was his mother that
brought him to health and saved him for
her pecple.
Queen Christina was a widow at the
time cf hi? birth. She was in need of
comfort, and the baby was dear to her.
And this same lonely and lofty little
person is to be made king to-morrow. You
can study his face from the portrait on
this page, one furnished by JoSe de Oli
vares. Foreign , Commissioner for the
World's Fair of 1903. Can you settle the
question from your study of the face?
the old, old question: Does it pay to be
king?
So sacred was his lonely little person
that only his Asturian nurse and his
governess, outside of his own rank, were
allowed to touch him. There is a story
told of how one attendant was peremp
torily dismissed from service because of
breaking this rule. The little king was
put into a swing in his room and ex -
pected to enjoy himself. Instead of this
he took fright at the height and the
strange motion and get'- up lusty wails.
The devoted attendant rushed to him,
snatched him from the swing and set him
down on terra firma. In walked a court
dignitary, caught hiiri in the act, and dis
charged him in disgrace.
She it was who nursed him through all
his sickness and has made a man 'of him.
He is said to be in fair health and of ex
treme intelligence. He is old for his
years; this comes of his lonely life. There
was never another royal child for him to
play with and he was allowed no lesser
companions, so he had to play with
grown people and pretend they were chil
dren.
But when she presented Spain with a
King, Spain decided to take her into its
heart. They loved their little king and
they loved his mother, and* they have
continued to do so.
Her husband had died and left her lone
ly; the people of Spain did not love her
because they did not know her. She had
been a' -stranger to. them when she mar
ried King Alfonzo XII, .- and . she 'had no
gift for making friends because of her
natural reserve. She always wanted - to
bo loved.
Crown Jns o? ;:tfe yo^n§
THE SUNDAY CALL..
6
man plays tennis. He has not yet been
converted to golf. That strikes him as
being too slow. For with all his seeming
calmness he is impetuous, quick to think,
quick to "ot. Golf has notenousrh actionDIMENSIONS, OF
HEAVSN-
In thinking of this colony there Is
one question that will not down. Do they
all have the same hour for practice T But
then, perhaps, other Alamedans are used
to It and don't mind.
In a pretty home on Railroad avenue
lives Henry Koppitz, brother of the cele
brated opera orchestrator, George Kop
pitz. He is a sufferer from paralysis and is
passing the days allotted to him in the
beautiful home of his choice. The name
of Theodore Voght completes tha list of
Alameda musicians. He Is well known
on both sides of the bay, and recently
conducted an Old Man's Singing Society,
In which each member had to be (0 yearn
of age or over to qualify for membership.
•
the Oberon orchestra; J. Stroas, darionet
ist at the Columbia; H. Selger, bass
player at the Grand, whose cottage Is on
the water side and who Is. according to
his friends, a perfect amphibian; and J.
J. Atkins. ¦ f
\,
• Another pioneer is P. Johannsen, the
violinist, who lives some distance down
on the same avenue. Mr. Johannsen
rarae to California in '59, and he is
proud of it. It is but two years nines he
bought his pretty home in Alameda. but
these two years have robbed him of all
love of city life. Not for a fine house
rent tree would he return to it.
He teaches a little, plays a little. Just
to keeo ,his hand in; but his trim gar
den shows how most of his time is spent,
and now and then, for diversity, he
"helps mamma take care of the chick
ens." Altogether, he seems to have
moved to the sunny side of Easy street.
At one time or another Mr. Johannren
has played at every theater in San Fran
cisco: he has played in all the symphony
concerts but the last series, and his
name has be<sii on concert programmes'
in all the bav towns. He in a close
friend of Fritz Scheel, the symphony di
rector, and he delights recalling the old
days when he played with Bill Mullaly
at the Standard with Emerson and Char
ley Reed and other celebrities that have
been a p^rt of his career.
Asked if bis friend, K. Lorcnzeu, was
the Tivoli somt . ars ago, and is now in
Philadelphia engaged in the same work.
August Jr. • led the orchestra at the
Baldwin for many years, and later wield
ed the hi- ton jtt Fischer's. His residence
is almcst directly opposite his father's,
on beautiful Baena Vista avenue.
"No, no," he scoffed. "Lorenzen only
came here in the sixties. No, I'm wrong;
It was in thi early seventies.". As though
a third of a century counted for noth
ing. • '.-.''¦
A few blocks away, on Santa Clara ave-
not an old timer, too, Mr. Johannsen
bristled with pioneer pride and scorn.
Verdi street, whose name justifies a mu
sician's choice of it, has but one represen-
nue, is the home of Mr. Solano, the harp
ist Mr. Solano is; a Spaniard j and his
Castilian pride made him shrink from the
eye of the camera, for he had been ill
and there " . were some days " of • stubbly
growth upon his chin.
For fine grounds and beautiful; sur
roundings .the home of Louis Mundwyler,
oboe player at the Tivoll; has first place.
tatlve in, the musical colony. This is' Mrs.
C. H.. Smith, the pianist. , Her cottage is
pretty and homelike, . and the lawn • with
its palms and flower-edged walks makes
the place doubly/attractive.
home Is on Park street. Is a good Chines*. \
scholar and he haa taken a side excursion •
Into politics/ having. held the office of Jus- . i
tice.of the' Peace. "> . '. • j
" G. E. Williams, leader at the Dewey- ,
Theater, In Oakland, and- who served a '
term as president of the union, has also ]
cast his lot in this California Nuremberg, j
Then there are Louis Ritzau, leader of <
ronow a nre or righteousness. The main
question, and the one in which all men
are most concerned, is the simple ques
tion of the shortest way. Put in different
language, they want to know how to
get there, and if the studious statistician
will figure out some plan that will meet
with general satisfaction along this line
he will probably smooth out the fur
rows which now mark the faces of un
easy sinners.
Mr. ; Mundwyler belongs to a family of
musicians, and there • are few theater
goers -who can remember, the time. Louis
and his oboe-,were not -a part, of the Tiv
oli orchestra. One of the features of this
artistic little place is a tree in which a
platform , has been built, with steps'lead
ing to it, and this Mr." Mundwyler calls
his band stand. Here he can go of a
bright afternoon and practice to his
heart's content. . ',, .-' . .
Completing the list of Buena Vista ave
nue musical residents are Theodore Eis
feldt;. treasurer of 'the Musicians* Union:
Charles Albert,' who" plays drums> at the
California 'and is known as an arranger
of music, -. and A. Bernlocher, who '; was
formerly; -with a big Eastern band, but
who abandoned his position for his quiet
home across the bay.: . •
Rather more , pretentious as to house
and less so as > to grounds is the home of
W. H. Muller, on Railroad, avenue. Mr.
Muller is basso player at Fischer's.
Behind. a tall cypress hedge stands th«>
cottage' of Louis Homeler, leader of the
Central orchestra. Mr\ , Honieler's talents
do -not". He ; entirely in one. direction; his
friends say he is a famous barbecue cook,
an', accomplishment jj that does - not come
amiss on. big picnic and celebration days.
One of the beauties of playing In an or
chestra Is jj that a man has time for other
pursuits. W. ¦-: Angermuende ! of tbV Ala
meda colony,. besides being a bass player, 1
is a jeweler ; and watchmaker, . and since
going to i Alameda he -has;, gone "Into
chicken-raising on . a large scale.." G.
Scheiner^ the ¦ trombonist, is another of
the j chicken-raisers of Alameda.
R. ; B. :Cappan, . the \ cornetist, - whose
The patriarch of Alameda's musical
colony is August Hinrichs Sr.. who re
tired from orchestra work many yf-ars
ago. He is a hale, eld man. who seems
not to have left the best years of his life
behind. His cozy home, with its fruit
trees and shrubbery, rose vines and flow
ers, is guarded from intruders by a bull
terrier, which never forgets for an in
etant his mission in life. Mr. Hinrichs"
two sons, Gustavc and August Jr.. are
hardly less known than their father
Gustave led a season of grand opera at
Euena Vista avenue might well be dub
bed Orchestra Row from the number of
musicians who live there, and Railroad
avenue Is a close second in popularity.
Besides those still in the service, many
who have retired from the orchestras of
city theaters have chosen Alameda as a
auiet retreat in their declining years. Per
haps a few pupils break the monotony
of a life devoted to gardening and peul-*
try raising.
Somebody said this in "The Toy
maker" regularly every night, and
Just <u> regularly the men whose heads
rest on the backs of their collars as they
try to peep over the footlights to see
what is going on smiled. It was well the
brasses and reeds didn't have anything to
do just then, for none of the men in the
orchestra could have kept their mouths
puckered during that line, all because
this cross-the-bay euburl' is a perfect
nest of San Francisco orchestra players.
Every night by the 6:23 boat there is
an exodus from that side, and just be
fore midnight the tide of. musical traf
fic turns the other way.
V«XT va* Nuremberg? A little vil
• lage, unmarked on any map, yust
like Alameda, where the musicians
sleep at night."
THE ttijiSDAY OAlili.
*S p»AKING a verse from Revelation U
the basis of computation, aomt h
]j dustrlous and probably uneasy fal
low has again been figuring on th»
dimensions of heaven. The text U In
verse 13, chapter 21, and reads as follows:
"And he measured the city with th« -
reed, 12,000 furlongs. The length and tha
breadth and the height of It are equal."
He concludes that this represents a
space of 469,783,083.000,000,000,000 eublo
feet. The enterprising statistician sets
aside, one half of this space for th«
throne and the court of heaven, and oni
half of the balance for streets, which
which would leave a remainder of 114.
198,272,000,000,000.000 cublo feet. He then
proceeds to divide this by 4098, the num
ber of cubical feet in a room sixteen feet
square, and this process gives him 80,
821,843,750,000,000 rooms of the size Indi
cated. He then proceeds upon the hy
pothesis that the world now contains, al
ways has contained and will always con
tain 990,000,000 Inhabitants, and that a gen
eration lasts for thirty-three and one
third years, which gives a total number
of Inhabitants every century of 2,237,000.
000. He assumes that the world will stand
1000 centuries or 100,000 years, which
give a total of 2,970,000,000.000 Inhabitants
for this period of time. He then reaches
the reassuring conclusion that If one
hundred worlds of the same size and du
ration, and containing the same number
of Inhabitants, should redeem all th* In
habitants there would be more than one
hundred rooms of the size indicated for
each person. Men have not thought so
much about the size of heaven. They
have probably always felt that there
would be ample room for those who
would be able to get there. If a lack of
room were "possible In the divine order of
things, it would probably be at the other
place. Judging 'from the pronouncements
that are made from time to time. Room
has never been a matter of serious con
sideration with men who have paused
long enough in the whirl of events to
meditate on the blesrlngs which are ta
7
MVSICAL COLONY OF ALAMEDTBJE SUNDAY CALL.
89Holy Coat of Christ.
«=jpi HE holy coat preserved at Trevea,
in Germany, is claimed to be the
jl seamless garment worn by Chri3t
and for which the Roman soldiers
cast lots during the crucifixion. It Is a
tunic, about five feet long, cut narrow at
the shoulders and gradually widening
toward the knees. Many miracles are
said to have been performed by this robe.
Its history for the last 700 years is clear
enough, but darkness shrouds the story
of the relic prior to the twelfth century.
The Catholic church relies for proof of
its authenticity upon a tradition that it
was one of a chestful of relics sent as a
gift to the church at Treves by the Em
press Helena. She is said to have found
the coat at Jerusalem while In search of
the true cross. .
A legend says that in the ninth century*
the holy - coat was concealed from the
Normans in a crypt of the cathedral.
There it remained forgotten until U88w
when It .was. rediscovered and placed in
the high altar. •,-—•* "*
tongue at all, and Mr. Obata, who has
been helping me with the translation, has
given it up in despair and the open mean
ing of the words is the one reproduced.
When spring comes and the singer looks
over the field below him he sees the plum
smile. The plum stands for womanly
beauty of character among the Japanese.
Dainty flutters of the closed fan stand
for the budding of the plum blossoms.
The willow beckons. The willow is
dear to Japan throughout her art and lit
erature.
Then comes the breeze. The fan shows
this. Then comes a hint of that elusive
person. Happiness seems to . be wander
ing among the flowers. Youth, perhaps it
is. Or perhaps it is all one.
The cherry blossom ' follows, and the
peach. The cherry blossom, as well as
the plum, stands for womanly beauty,
but of a different kind. The cherry
means the physical beauty. It is more
seductive and less lofty than the plum.
Now the spring passes, for the golden
ysma bukl is seen on the tree. ' The yama
bukl comes with summer. J
The fan Is thrown open with- a great
flourish as the summer enters. Summer
flowers are described in the song and
illustrated in the dance. The uno hana
comes first. Then the shobu, or the iris,
the same blue and white beauty that we
know. , After that the iaml, a water plant
much like the iris. And the white water
Illy comes. Then the whip-poor-will is
heard Just before. the shower. The shower
means that summer's beauties must pass
for the fall Is approaching. ¦
Up goes the 'umbrella ' to keep off ,the
rain. The goose, the harbinger of au
tumn, eomes. flying to the cold land, The
goose stands 'in Japan's mythology as
the brlnge'r. of news, and here is a figure
that we cannot catch— there is a mystical
letter mentioned in the song,' a* letter that
is brought by the goose and- has to.do,
with that , hazy love-story running
through the song.- V *
' Now the ko j hagi is in bloom, a small
blue flower growing on a bush.- The ka
rukaya follows; and " the ' morning glory
marks the . last days of the autumn.
'Winter and old age close the seasons'
story. The chrysanthemum blossoms. This
is the last of the flowers. Nqw the white
mantle of snow falls upon the ground. It
falls upon the head of man as well. And
old age must come to. all, even to the
sturdy and lasting pine, the symbol of
long life; 'for see. where it climbs the hill
yonder, it travels with a staff. .
WEIRD TALE OF THE SEA SPIRIT
£"T>jHEY'HE a queer set of sperrlts
I that frequents the seas and they
I do some* mighty, queer things, as
I any sallorman knows," said Cap^
tain Bill Kinsman as he i cut a
pipeful of plug and proceeded to roll it
between his horny palms. "But the queer
est spook I ever see was one that put
Itself out of the business for sixty odd
years by making a mistake. _. ¦ \ _.
"It happened when- 1 was a young, man
on a voyage from Maracalbo to Liverpool,'
on the bark Ingomar, with a cargo of ma-
hogany. A chap . by the name of Teague
was i the captain, and the sickest looking
skipper he was that ever let a ship's crew
do as it pleased. He was a powerful, big
boned man; but gaunt as a wolf, with his
clothes hanging loose all over him and his
eyes burning away, back at the 'ends of
two sort o' caverns, i .
"Instead of taking his rest like a Chris
tian, he set up on the taffrail. In his watch
and out of It, fair weather or foul, sleep
ing sometimes,; but most while looking ont
over the sea like a man in a trance. 'Bout
once a day he'd come down for a bite to
eat and a look at the first mate's riggers
and. then back he'd go with never a word
out of him.
"It didn't take many days out of port
before they . begin ' to be whispers . among
the crew. What was it, : we wanted to
know, and that'd make a man like Teague
shrink away, from bit clothes and shun
decent men's neighborhood? What was It
his burning eyeballs saw out yonder In the
black .water? .
" 'Mates,'" says Ben • Wicks, '¦ who'd lost
one of his eyes on a man-o'-war, 'I know
the signs. It's blood spots he sees out
there— blood spots of his own making, and
they's no good goln' to come to thenvas
travels with him.' '
"I don't know jest what the crew' d done
If it hadn't happened that Ben's remarks
come to the ears of the first mate. Soon's
they did the mate comes thumping into
the fo'c'sle, and lays Ben out with a
smash under the ear.
" 'Now, ye swine,' he says, turning to
the rest of^us, Ms they any of you ever
had sense enough to love a woman? Two
years ago they was a feller about to get
the likeliest gal in Portland, Maine, for a
wife. She quarreled with him a week be
fore the wedding, about nothing,' as wo
men will, and upland married a dub that
was worth no good woman's thoughts.
Well, the chap that got left is him that's
sitting up there on the taffrail. Ye dirty
snakes, .that's what love does some times
to a man. Now if they's any of you wants
a broken ' head let me hear another yelp
about blood spots.'
"After that nobody felt called en to
give his opinions of the captain. : I reckon
the crew was more sorry for him than
NOT THE DAN;.*. ©? THE
GOSHA, BUT FANTOMTMES
THAT TEUU SIBIHIIISMI
. STORY BEUONST.HS T© THE
MVTHTC^l. HT&TORV OP JAPAN
BY SARAH COMSTOCK
r*"*y YV.»iING. curving, bending to the
rhythm of the samisen's music;
> J waving a fan, twirling a parasol.
F"^ fluttering her little han<1s in
pretty gestures— to dances the new
beauty. Miziu Iki.
Che is only 14 yearW old. She is too
young to have learned even that she is
pretty a::d that she is graceful, and she
never once throws back her kimono sleeve
as it would be so easy t-j do unconsciously
and show the plumpness of the arm be
neath. Miziu Iki merely dances because
she was taught to dance in far-away
Japan and because she enjoys it.
She has lately come to San Francisco,
and although she has adopted our style
of dress, as tlo all of her countrymen upon
reaching our coast, nevertheless, she now
and then dor.s a kimono that she brought
along in her bundle and dances for auld
lang ?yne.
Remember, she is no geisha girl. She
would have you understand that and
most, emphatically so. There are plenty
of geisha girls in San Francisco who
know Japanese dances, but not the kind
that little Miss Iki knows. Hers are the
classical dances, the pantomime dances,
handed down from generation to genera
tion from time immemorial. The songs
that go with them tell the stories of the
pantomimes and are part of the ancient
literature of Japan. San Francisco has
•jevcr before seen or heard anything of
the hind.
Miss Iki learned her dances In a select
class of young ladies under the charge of
;.n experienced teacher in one of the small
towns whervp ehe iived. near Tokio. In the
teacher's own bamboo house these young
liudies went through the €teps.and the
gestures while a samisen player played
a::J chanted an accompaniment.
The dances are all pantomimes, each
one telling some classical story belonging
to the mythical history of the land. One
is the story of the -two brothers whose
father was killed and their avenging his
death. Little Miziu tells this tale In a
pantomime fiance with the aid of a sword.
"The Flowers of Four. Seasons" Is the
name of the dance shown In pictures on
this page. It is In reality a series of
poses' made to picture the parts of the
.story as it moves along. It lells the story
of the year with its changes from the
opening *>f spring to the snows of winter.
The song belongs to the oldest and most
classical of Japanese literature and is as
elusively untranslatable as all of those
classics are. We can -follow the thread of
the season story, but there .are certain fine
meanings that escape us every time when
,we try to render them into our language.
The introduction explains that the
singer is looking out over a field from
his place on the mountain above and
watching the on-coming of the flowers.
The dancer follows the words of the song,
going through her gestures and motions
to represent the changes.
The first part of the dance tells the
story of the spring, and the fan used is
closed. This stands for the unopened
buds of the season. More than this, there
is a sort of personification running
through the story. The change of the
year symbolizes the change of life and
love. For this "Four Seasons" is the love
song of the language, something that
stands for love idealized. But this phase
of the meaning Is too delicate for our
anything else, though Ben Wicks shook
his head and did a heap of mumbling un
der his breath. And we certainly begin
to have a- queer voyage. We was on a
nor' nor'east tack and we had a purty
fair breeze most of the time, but some
how that ship seemed to make mighty
little headway. The sea was a dirty oil
color and it seemed to sort of ketch hold
of us and stick on. It was like sailing
through molasses.
" Ut ? s coming soon,' said Ben Wicks, one
dog watch, when the first mate was out
of hearing.
"That same night it comes up to rain
on the captain's watch and he 3cnt ma
down after his oilskins. Foot of the com
panionway I looked into the cabin and
there at the captain's table, as I'm a
living man, sat a little brown-haired wo
man writing. Everybody aboard knew
they was no woman on the Tngomar and
hadn't been. I took one look, and then
made for the auarter-deck
" 'Where's them skins?' says Teague.
" 'If you please, sir.* I says, 'they*s a
lady at the cabin table writing.'
"Teague looked at me for full half a
minute and his eyes was like them of a
man that's gone blind. Then he spoke
kind of soft. * •
" 'What kind of looking woman was it?"
says he.
" 'She was a little plump woman.' 1
says, "with brown hair that was brushed
back. *
"Teague's face became white as a
corpse's and he held up his hand.
" 'That'll do,' he says. 'Go down and
ask the lady to kindly step up!'
"I wasn't hankering after that cabin
jest then, but it was better than Teague's
voice. Before I got to the foot of the
companlonway I see she was gone. I
went over to where she'd been setting
and there on the table was a sheet of pa
per and on It in a woman's writing was
th three words, 'Steer due south.* I
grabbed the paper and went up on the
deck. As I came up it seemed as though
Teague's eyes grabbed hold of me.
'• The lady's gone, sir," I says, tut this
here paper was on the cabin table.*
"I don't know how he got the paper. Z
didn't hand it to him. He jest had It
Then there come a sound like a herd of
bulls bellowing and it was Teague calling
to the man at the wheel.
"'Hard starboard,' says Teague, and
around she swunsr.
" 'Keep her due south,' says Teague,
'and mind your eye.'
"That minute the breeze shifted fair
and began to freshen and Inside of two
hours we was 'jumping 1 along at ten
knots. The first mate looked feazed
when he come on deck to take his watch,
but Teague give his orders and didn't
make no explanations. Then he went up
Into the bow and took his seat In the
knighthead.
"For seven days that fair breeze lasted
and for seven days we went clipping
south, with the sun so hot that It boiled
the pitch out of the decks, and our port
of destination further and further over
our port quarter. And for seven days
Teague set up there on the knighthead
looking forward, out over the sea. We
passed ship; and then got past the trav
eled way and Teague paid no heed.
"But on that seventh day we raised a.
speck on the horizon and Teague Jumped
to his feet when he seen it. We come up
to it In the first dog watch. She was
what was left of a fine schooner, her
masts gone and laying so low in "the
water her decks was partly awash.
" 'Lower away the yawl,' says Teague.
It was his first words sense he'd turned
the bark south.
"I was in the yawl's crew. They was a
dozen starving men with bloodshot eyes
on that wreck and two or three dead
ones.
" 'Water,' the men whispered, as
Teague come aboard^ and held out their
hands.
" 'Where's the woman!' says Teague.
" 'Dead— under yon tarpaulin,' says one
of the men. 'Poor little woman. Barker
her to death before she starved.*
" 'God be praised/ says Teague. In a.
quiet voice that shook that waterlogged
wreck. 'And which of you's Barker?*
" 'Dead a week,' says the man. 'Give 1
us water.' , . /
"Teague went over, pulled th« tarpaulin
oft and picked the woman that was lying
under it up in his two hands. They said
afterward that she'd been dead thxea
days. He looked at her a minute and put
his face down* to hers. Then he hollers
oul:
" 'Some brandy here-^-thls woman's
alive.'
"They passed him a flask out of do
>awl and he forced some down between
her teeth. .Then he loosened her dress
and rubbed her body and blew la her
mouth and worked over her for two
hours without raising his head. And then,
as I hope for mercy, the woman's eyelids
began to flutter like a loose studdin* sail
in a light breeze and her eyes opened and
slip smiled with 'em up at Teague. And
Teague, as I live, set there swelling up
to the size of his clothes with every sec
ond that passed.
t ' 'Come here. Bill,' says he ..to me,
speaking soft as a woman with a young
baby; *is this her you see in the- cabin?*
"I crept over and looked at her.
" 'Yes, sir,' I says, 'though not near so
pale.*
" 'Well, how,' says Teague, 'could that
Fperrit of hers come to be settin* in. that
there cabin, with her not dead yet, down
here fourteen hundred miles away?"
"At that the woman opened her eyes
and smiled up at «Teague again.
" 'You was a long time coming, Jim,'
she whispered. 'I — I been a-dreaming
that I was writing you a letter.'
"They was married when we got to port*
a month overdue. Teague lived to be 73,
but his wife was 84 when she died. Some
times I've felt sorry for- that poor little
brown-haired ghost that had to wait
them sixty long years before it had a
chance to get about again."— New York
Sun.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE REAL
JAPANESE
DANCAtrated tha^ his only answer was to throw,
himself di^wn upon his blanket on the
floor, where he immediately fell asleep.
She herself took the horse and tied it to
a tree near the spring. Some time later
he was awakened by hearing a white
man's voice. It was Temple, who had
tracked his horse. .Ramona says he went
directly to the house, calling as- he went.
Her husband came to the door, only to be
met by a volley of oaths and the leveling
of the gun, and the. next moment- a shot
was fired and he fell dead across his own
On the other hand Temple says that
when ' he ¦ came to the ridge overlooking
the house and 'saw his horse there he
called out and that Juan Diego, came to
meet him. Ashe came he noticed he had
a long knife so held in his hand that the
blade was up his sleeve. ' "Where' did you
get i that : horse?" "he asked. "From the
corral of the Senor .Hewitt," was the
reply. -j
"Don't you know' that horse isn't
"Si. senor," said the Indian,
lunged with the knife at the " white\man.
In: a' moment' Temple", raised -^ his gun. and
fired -point blank at the ; Indian. " As -he
yet /approached,'. . however,'; Temple " vow's
he did- not know whether his_" shot ; had
taken-.effect or not, so he quickly,drew his ;
revolver - and - fired three ¦ more , : shots. | At j
the first ; shot ''the - Indian fell, 1 , but .still
struck convulsively with his knife and
not.until the third . shot .did he seem to
have received his .'quietus. Temple then :
examined him and found that the "buck
shot from his' guii had penetrated ; the
adobe walls have rapidly disintegrated
and -now nothing but the ruins here pic
tured, remain, and soon, unless some ef
fort is made to preserve them, even these
will . completely disappear.
At Cahuilla I asked Ramona to show me
camera, she s'quatted down, covered her
face with her hands and began to sob and
wail. Even after this long lapse of years
she could "not contemplate the grave of
her husband without . the deepest emo
tion. r^'\'..
wen-itnown iiuioe in the' corral. Every
one knew he was there, many , knew
where he lived— to track him would be an
easy task.
As to .what occurred at the house there
aro two 'versions— one given by Ramona
herself and which is practically the same
as related in the book; the other by Sam
Temple, the Jim Farrar of the novel, and
the owner of the black horse ' that Juan
Diego took.
Ramona says that when her husband
arrived home on a strange horse she was
terrified with fear, as she knew how
horse-stealing by an Indian .would be re
garded, but her husband was in such an
exhausted condition that he could' give
her no satisfaction as to how he gained
the horse. She begged him to return with
it to the Hewett corral and there seek Its
owner, but 'he was so completely' pros>-
doorstep." Temple tnen took his revolver
from his pocket and fired three more
shots into the clead body, of her husband,
unfastened his horse and immediately
rode away.'
.uuring- this; brief _ conversation 'Juan
Diego was' slowly approaching -nearer -to
Temple, and the latter, afraid of. the knife;
bade 'him stop. .Instead of 'doing so,: the
Indian made a sudden jump' forward fand
graph .; tie showed me a, nne stallion
of. which he is the proud possessor. He is
now In Yuma. Ariz. i •¦,'"'./ ' :
', : At i' the same time I . went -up to Juan
Diego's old-home.'in the j mountains. "-, The
I give Temple's story substantially as
he has recorded it in my . graphophorie,
as I deem it right that he should be heard
in his ! own , defense. Until recently he
lived in San Jacinto and on my last visit
there I made the accompanying photo-
Cutting . his horse loose he placed his
own • saddle upon, it, ; rode away and at
once gave himself up to Judge Tripp. The
Judge released him on his own '. recogniz
ance and when the trial finally occurred
he was released, on the plea of ¦ self-de
fense.'- :..•
oreast of the Indian, twenty-seven of
which covered a space no larger than' a
man'^hand. ' . ', * •
But like all whist rules, there are excep
tions, when it is best not to return part
ner's lead, such as: First— When you wish
to lead trumps for your own or partner's
suit. Secbnd— When you" hold a suit
headed by a sequence of three high cards,
such 'as' ace,' king, queen, or king, queen,
jack, or queen, jack, ten, ; which will evi
dently be more easily established than
your partner's suit. Third— When you
win the first round of your partner's suit
cheaply, as . with ten, ; nine or smaller
card. In this case . your partner holds
either the major or minor tenace, ana
your right-hand adversary. the other, and
to return the suit would give the oppo
i nent the advantage of the position.
Fourth— When the partner has opened a
short suit, to return it is usually about
the worst thing you can do, for there
' again you give the opponents the advan
tage of position.- Fifth— When 'both ad
versaries "are > void of the suit, to lead it
would allow the adversary who is weak in
trumps to ruff and '¦ the other to discard
I a -losing card.' To give i your adversaries
a discard and the, weak hand a chance to
The situation in which a player is jus
tified in opening his own suit with a small
card is so rare that the inference should
be, when a player does opan his suit with
a small card, that he is void of his part
ner's suit.. It is, as a rule, very much
better to return partner's suit than to
change to even a fairly strong suit, say
ace, king and two small, for If you open
this suit, leading king, then ace, you give
up control and may establish it for the
adversary, besides parting with what
might] prove to be a valuable card of re
entry.
With any ordinary trump strength in
the hand of either this can often be
done, and an established suit is a good
thing to have : when trumps are out. The
more you " investigate and reason the
subject the ,. more "strange it will seem
that any such play as showing your own
suit first. can be regarded with favor. In
returning partner's suit it is imperative
that you should return the master card
if you hold it, or second best, if you
have both second or. third best, or other
wise, lead the highest of the two remain
ing, or the lowest of three remaining.
How often have we seen a player sit
and hesitate, fingering first one card
and then another, in doubt as to the
of returning his partner's
ruit'pr opening another.
'^.'Ttie old idea used to be to open your
own suit first when winning 'a trick in a
suit led by your partner.
' 'The time has passed when players pos
sessing average whist judgment have any
idea that two suits can be established
at i the same time; that Is, your part
ner's suit and your own. In fact, to at
tempt it is' considered as a rule the
greatest of folly. And as your partner
has already started to 'establish his, you
will in most cases do better by trying to
aid -him in establishing his suit than
starting off on a new one. When you do
not return your partner's suit you vir
tually tell him that your suit can be
r.iore easily established than his own
and you thereby assume the responsibility
cf the change. The main Idea of a long
suit opening is to " establish the suit so
that if the trumps are .. exhausted the
suit may be made. ' .
THE continual . changing of suits is
one of the most .common methods
of losing tricks, and I do not be
lieve the subject has been given
the. attention it deserves. There
are many players of ordinary ability who
are continually. losing tricks in this man
ner because they do not realize that
with but*, few, exceptions new; suits are
opened at a disadvantage.
BY. MES. E.' P. SCHELL.
EASY LESSONS IN WHIST
North's hand is from actual play, but.
as : a matter of fact, at trick -five (after
administering the one force) he led ace,
then jack of trumps, whereupon west
cleaned up the remalnedr and brought in
three diamonds. North, knowing south to
hold a club, felt Justified In discarding
both "spades and brought, in two 'clubs.
But even under these favorable drcum- i
stances north and ' south only scored the
odd trick after allowing for the fortu
nate trick • in the spade suit. Therefore
the loss of one trick still remains attri
butable to the over-confident; tramp lead. s
Trick 11. South's lead here is difficult.
The regulation lead from ace and small
one is, of course, the ace, but general
rules do not apply so late in hand.
South knows north has two spades. .If!
one is the king, south's play does not
matter; or, again, if east has the king;
it is bound to make, and south cannot;
lose anything by keeping the ace till tho
second round. The lead of the losing;
trump would be futile, since if; east
holds king and small spada, he
will lead small, and south dare not
pass the trick in view of th» rlak of i
west's winning and leading: his , thir
teenth diamond. So south plays In the
hope of finding' the king of spades on his
left, and queen with north. In which case,
even If west should play in the king, south
must still make his ace or trump.
Trick 9. The ace. If led, will probably
be more effective to Injure the adversary
or assist partner than If held In hand.
Trick 6. West, after the doubla force,
can do nothing but go on with th» dia
monds. North gets in his little trump.
Trick 7. North still steadfastly decline*
to lead spades or trumps.
Trick 8. And wins with a second losing
trump.
trump is far ¦ Worse ' than changing suits.
After all that has been said and written
on the suijeqt of changing suits, there are
players who- will persist in the bad policy
of-, shifting , suits. ¦ • \ ;,*- ;
The novice may attempt to establish
two suits, the expert Is satisfied If he can
establish one.
Hand from "Principles and Practice of
Whist" where using an established suit
to force an opponent is good plays
N.
S.-Q, 2^ £
C— A,' q' J, 10, 4, 2.
S.— K, J,' 4. S.— 10, 9, 7. 6L
H.-K, G, 5. 4. H.-9, 8. 3.
C— K. C— 9, 8, 7.
D.— K, 8, 7, 6, 3. D.— J. 10, X
S.— A, 8, 5,' 3.
H.— 10, 7. 6.
C.— 6, 5, 3.
D.— 9, 5, 4.
Six of hearts trumps, West to lead,
Tck. W. N. E. S.
1 3d Qd* 2d 4d
'2. Kc Ac* 7c 3c
3. 4h* Qc 8c 5c
4. 6d Ad* lOd 5d
5. 5h* Jc 9c 6c
6. Kd 2h* Jd 9d .
7. Qh* 10c 6s 3s
8. 8d - Jh* . 7s - 5s
9. Kh Ah* 3h 6h
10. 43 4c| . 8h 10h*
1L Js Qs* 9s 8s
12. 7d 2c Oh* As
13. Ks 2s 10s 7h*
•Winning ca.'d. t__ -
North and South 9. East and West 4. .
Trick 1. West's hands would tempt
many players to make a peculiar trump
opening, but his paucity of clubs should
be a sufficient deterrent.
Trick 2. North should not lead out dla- j
mond ace to get a ruff, but keep com- ;
mand of adverse suit, and proceed to j
open the clubs. The fall of the king |
shows that west can ruff next round.
Trick 3. But that does not deter north
from continuing the suit.
Trick 5. North knows south has the six
of clubs, and that it is probably his only
card of the suit. But It Is better to con- j
tinue than to lead the queen of spades.
The lead of queen from a short suit, un- ]
less accompanied by the jack, is one of
the- worst possible plays.
where her husband was buried,' 'After a
good deal of persuasion she accompanied
me to the graveyard on the hillside and
there showed me his grave." As I covered
my head with the focusing cloth of my
Origin of "Unde Sam."
DURING the lastjday*,of the revolu
tion there was a contractor named
Samuel Wilson who -.received the
stores for the army a*id navy of the
United States, and when such were sent
to him .they bore the letters "U. S." for
United States. Some one asked the mean
in" of those letters and an individual re
sponded that as all the goods came to
Sam Wilson they stood for Uncle Sam.
In that way Uncle Sam was applied to the
United States.
IS there a real Ramona?
This is the question the tourists ask
again and again after they have wept
and read over Helen Hunt Jaackson's
masterpiece, and though the ques
tion is often asked and as often answered,
the answers arc as varied and as far
from the facts as they can well.be.
Ramona the book is a novel. Ramona
the heroine therefore is a fiction, a crea
ture of the imagination, a being that
never did exist except in the mind of the
author. And yet there is such a wonder- -
ful amount of fact woven into the woof !
of the fictitious story that it takes one {
well versed in the history of Southern \
California to tell which is fact and which j
is fiction.
It is really a wonderful mosaic, made j
up of tiny pieces of fact and fiction so
skillfully dovetailed together as to de- ¦
ceivc all but the very best informed.
For over a dozen years I have been dili
gently sorting out fact from fiction, and
many interesting things have come under
my ken. One of these is the fact that
there is a real Ramona connected with
the story, and that "she is yet alive. She ¦
is the heroine of that portion of the novel :
that describes the killing of Alessandro,
and the story as related by "H. H." is >
exactly that told by Ramona herself. This j
woman, however, is a pure blooded In- :
Oian. There is not a drop of white blood
in her veins. Her maiden name was Ra
mona Lubo, and she was born and
brought up at Cahuilla, the Indian village
in the San Jacinto mountains, so truth
fully described by Mrs. Jackson. Hero
felifc fell in love with and ultimately mar
ried Juan Diego, 'an Indian of the same
village and people. He was .a fairly in- j
dustrious felloe*, but owing to some mis- ]
hap occasionally suffered from a tern-'
porary aberration of mind, commonly J
termed by the whites of the San Jacinto :
region "locoed." During these fits of
"loco" Juan would do strange and unac
countable things, but every one knew him -
and overlooked what in others would
have been severely condemned.
That Juan was not lazy- is evidenced by
the fact that he left Cahuilla, after pros
pecting around, and located on a piece of
land in a secluded canyon on the south
side of the Cahuilla Mountains, some five
miles from his boyhood's home. Here, by
the side of a small spring, he built an
adobe house. Close by he planted a peach
orchard, dug a reservoir and did consid
erable work. For awhile the young "cou
ple lived here in happiness and conjugial
content. He who deems the Indian a
stranger to these things Is guilty of a
lamentable want of knowledge. In due
time a child was born to Juan and Ra
mona. The parents rejoiced in the child
and was consequently terror-stricken'
when she was taken sick. After using all
the simple remedies with which they
were familiar they decided that Juan
should leave home to go to the agency
physician, who then lived in San Ber
nardino. Riding his poor, scraggy pony,
his love and fears urging him to the
greatest speed, be reached the office of
the physician, who refused point-blank to
go and see the child, but sent some
medicine instead. Without waiting for
rest or sleep Juan started on his return
journey. He got as far as Old San Ja
cinto, where a xaa.it named Hewett had a
store, a stable and a corral where Indian
and whites alike were in the habit of
meeting. The housekeeper here was
Mrs. Jordan, the original of the
"Aunt Ri" of the novel, and 'to
her Juan told the story of his
child's illness. He was so worn out
that the kindly hearted woman urged him
to unsaddle his bronco and sleep for a
few hours. Yielding to her persuasions
he did so, but, awaking very early, he
went out into the corral to get his animal
and resume his journey.
And now comes the place in the story
where two explanations are offered of
Juan's actions, according to the way one
is inclined to view the Indian. As to the
facts there can be no dispute and they
are these: Instead of saddling his own
broken-down and wretched nag he found
a fine black horse in the corral upon
which he threw his saddle, and in a few
moments vsm speeding to his mountain
home, forty miles away, where his sick
child lay.
Juan's friends Kay that when he did this
he was "locoed." He had no ! more
thought in liis mind of stealing the black
horse than be had of flying. Wearied with
his Ions ride, tortured by his fears, an
gered at the rcfus.il of the physician to
go to see his «Ji>riI:;s;. distressed lest that
he should Und Ills. child dead upon his re-'
turn., -bis mind -weakened by all these
thoughts, his disease asserted itself and
he tlld that which he did unconscious of
hi* actions. Hud he intended io'sttal it is
scarcely likely be would have left his own
[With Copyright Illustrations by the
Author.)
•
Squat, fat. fmpressionless, even ugly.
her face may seem to those who have pic
tured her as the heroine of the novel, yet
it is not _Y always . the beautiful looking:
whose souls' are beautiful, or the ugly ap
pearing whose characters are ugly.
Ramona. the her,oi!ne of the novel, la a
beautiful type, ah ideal, and as true a,
delineation of Indian character as are any
or 'all of the ideal delineations of white
women made by our pcets and novelists, j
Hence the true value of the book. Ha
who reads , its pages in this spirit will
learn more of the true and inner char
acter v of the real Indian than can be
gained by y oars cf personal intercourse
where 1 sympathy and. faith are absent.
•"< ;-¦•'¦• ' ¦' ¦¦¦¦¦• «¦;> ¦' ¦'<¦'''•• )>¦ • ¦ * '•>¦¦¦¦. ¦''¦¦jv>: :'s » • *
; THE -SD.NDAY CALL::
11
THE REAL
RAMONA'.Speckled trout really .photographed
alive in the water, with the beauty of
¦ The Century Company will publish early
in May a new "Chlmmle Fadden" book by
Edward W. Townsend. It Is to be called
"Chlmmie Fadden and Mr.: Paul," and re
counts the further adventures of these in
teresting personages, with "his "Whisk
ers.", "the Duchess.", and' other of Mr.
Townsend's widely known creations.
Miss Margaret Leo" will soon Issue from
the press of F. M. .Buckles & Co. a new
novel called "Separation." It will' be re
membered that Miss Lee is the author of
"Divorce.' 1 the book which had such a
large sale a few years ago, . and - was so
highly commented upo\i by, the late Mr.
Gladstone. ¦' .
T. Y.' Crowell & Co. have in press for
immediate '.publication the authorized edi
tion of Count Tolstoi's new book, en
titled "What Is Religion?" / ¦ -
Literary Notes.
•Miss -Brooks writes in explanation • of
her story: ¦ "I , have in .'Caxton.' as ; nearly
as" 1 1 could -get it, ; a composition^ of the
romantic impressions of our South/There
la no • Rolfe County, ; not : under, any . name.
Charles Scribner's Sons of New York
have just Issued '.'The Master of Caxton,"
by Hlldegarde Brooks, 'whose first novel
won recognition .last spring!- The new
book'is mainly a love story, of a sympa
thetic quality.- In the background / thd
\beautlf ul old Southern places," Caxton and
The Terraces, are full of the : atmosphere
of the ; South, and a delicately suggested
flavor- of ¦ romance,, an j ideal . setting for
the group of , attractive human beings in
"whose: piquant fortunes Miss Brooks so
thoroughly arouses our interest. (
. But the best .-news of it is really a love
story of the good old-fashioned sort,
which' people seem lately to have forgot
ten how to write.'. From Miss Brooks one
looks, for. sympathetic characterization,
and' Cassandra Dale,- the girl who aban
dons a fortune in the North to live with
her "poor white" brothers In Georgia;
Peyton Call, the reckless . and distin
guished master of Caxton; Virgle Fanton.
a Southern girl, exquisitely drawn, and
¦ "Bud", "Dale, Cassandra's ; handsome
brother, 1 , are easily the equals ' of Harry
Tarr and Kate Harlowe. : , ; -
The Master of Caxton.
Funk &.Wagnalls Company of 'New
York" has just published the lectures de
livered by Francis E. Clark, D.D., before
the students of tjie Auburn Theological
Seminary. - The Rev. Mr. Clark was the
founder of the Young People's Society of
Christian Endeavor, and what he has to
say of that society as a training school
for the church will be found of helpful
interest to Christian Endeavor members.
Price 73 cents. \ .: »
Training the Church of the Future.
The history is written in/a clear, terse
style. It presents a brief but succinct ac
count of the life, works and style of the
minor writers. Tho great writers of the
classic period are given a more extended
notice, which includes quotations from
the principal works. *|
At the end of the volume there is; a
bibliography, in which are enumerated
the standard works- on Greek literature,
and the principal f ditions and translations
of the works of the authors cited. ;
D. Appleton & Co. of New York issue
"A History of Ancient Greek Literature."
by Harold N. Fowler. While. intended
primarily for students In school and col
lege, the book is also meant to furnish
the general reader with a handy refer
ence book. The volume opens with an ac
count of Horner'-s poems, and a discussion
of the Homeric question/ Then follows a
history of Greek literature up to the time
of the Alexandrian, period. This occupies
the major portion of the work. The re
mainder contains a brief summary of the
works of the Graeco-Roman, and the
early Christian writers, as these serve to
illustrate the period of J transition from
classic Greek literature to the literature
of later times, which it has so largely in
fluenced.* ¦ , .. ¦
History of Greek Literature.
"Hasty Pudding Poems," compiled and
edited by Rodney Blake, is Just the book
to jilck up for a half hour of fun and
amusement As is indicated by the sub
title, it is a "collection of Impulsive and
impromptu verses containlng-.repartee in
vorse. poems on panes, rhyming wills, old
tavern signs, envelope poetry," and a
host of other kinds of rhyme and dog
gerel to ease life's sorrows and add to Its
joys. These funnylsms have been picked
up from here, there and everywhere, and
Mr. Blake is to be .complimented for the
wisdom of his selections. The book is
published by the New Amsterdam Book
. Company, New York.
Hasty Pudding.
"The Fickle Wheel," by Henry Thew
Stephenson, Is a story of England -at the
beginning of ithe reign of James I. The
book takes Us, title from a line of Shake
speare's "Fortune's furious, fickle wheel."
Shakespeare's own presence lends dignity
to the romance. 'It is a story of two lov
ers- born within the sound of Bow Bells,
fated I to run - dangerously near to the
tragedy- line,' and then take their rescue
from the hand of the King himself. The
heroine is a merchant's daughter,, with
gallants at her beck and call, and a stern
old father to scare I them away; and the >
hero is a worthy lad of a better house,
who wins sword and title before the tale
ends. Kings and Queens. Earls, procla
nations, pageants and royal murders take
their places in a story in .which lengthy
descriptions have been avoided to make
place for plenty of action. The romance
portrays a period in which lovers of lit
erature are particularly interested, while
\\n addition to the charm of Its scenery
there Is added that due to a quickly un
folding plot. (Published by the Bowen-
Merriir Company, Indianapolis.)
The Fickle Wheel.
A rattling good story of adventures
among the Indians and of life in tha
New France is Samuel Merwln's story.
"The Road to , Frontenac," published by
Doubleday," Page & Co., New York. The
action of the book takes place in the
latter half of the seventeenth century
and tells of Captain Daniel Menard, a
French ' officer, who travels the road to
Frontenac as a messenger for the Royal
Governor. He goes to the Long House
to win their support for the French. His
task is a difficult one, for, though he had
been adopted- into the tribe of the Onan
dagas. he was also in charge of the party
that kidnaped a band of the Indians and
placed them In servile bondage. The dif
ficulty of his mission is further enhanced
by the addition to his party: of a maiden
and a priest. His trials are many and
his escapes rival those of the hero of any
other Indian story. - The end of the story
is unlooked for and quite romantic Price
The Eoad to Frontenac.
Little. Brown & Co. of Boston have re
cently brought out a new edition of that
splendid old French romance, "Cinq
Mars," by Alfred de Vigny. It still well
deserves, and will hold, the same hlgtf
position that it took when first published
in 1S26, when it went through four editions
within three years. It is a story that
tells of deeds and men during the time
of Richelieu— that period that Dumas has,
made so familiar to us. Beyond the time
and people, the similarity between the
writings of Dumas and M.- de Vigny
ceases. M. de Vigny's work is. strong in
character drawing and in absolute fidelity
to historical facts. In "Cinq Mars." his
portraitures of Richelieu. Louis XIII and
Anne of Austria, are splendidly done. The
book - is rather lacking in the passages
of lighter vein that add so much to the
writings of Dumas, but as a romance it
is really most powerful. } The translation
has been done by William Hazlitt, with
scholarly exactness and care. '. Aa- a his
torical novel of the highest typ6 "Cinq
Mars" stands well In the lead.
dnq Mars.
"Where Magnolias Bloom," by P. B.
Cullens, gives a brief peep into (Southern
life in some of its phases prior to and
during the Civil War. The author has
striven to soften somewhat tlje hatred of
human slavery by showing it in its
brighter lights. Price 50 cents..
"The Phantom Caravan," by Cordelia
Powell Oder.helmer, takes us into the
great unknown, and there we hear from'
the lips of those who are in the spirit
land their life stories. Many of tho char
acters given are taken from prominent
personages of secular and profane his
tory. Price U. ,
"Fairview's Mystery," by George *-H.
Marquis, is a story of Dakota by a Da
kota lawyer. There is a mysterious dis
appearance, an arrest of one. suspected
of murder, an examination in a committing
magiKtrate'B court, a discharge of the de
fendant, an appeal to Judge Lynch, a
thrilling- scene when the. prosecuting at
torney appears and eaves an innocent
man from the fury of the mob, and final
ly a solution of the mystery attending
the disappearance of Harry vernon from
the village of Fairview. Price 75 cents.
"liar Lampkins," by H. Patton,"^
Is a narrative of mountain life on the
borders of the two Virginias. The book
is full of adventure and has a love story
to add further Interest. Price $L
"A Golden Way," By Albert Leroy Bart
lett, is a remarkably well illustrated vol
ume containing brief notes and impres-
"Josephine Graham,", by Jeannette
Wheeler, is a book of short stories by tho
author of "Lady Estabrook." Besides the
initial story that gives its name to the
volume four "other tales go to make up—
the contents of the book— "Guy's Choice,"
"Gertrude Dean," "Lcssle's Old Home,"
"That Little Pauper" and "Marguerite's
Trial." Price $1 5U. .
Here follow some brief notes of recent
publications from the Abbey Press of
New York:
Books From the Abbey Press.
The fascinating and puzzling uncertain
ty of the case Is well sustained until the
last page of the book, and "The Hound
of the Baskervilles" Is a novel that once
begun will not hi put aside until it has
been finished.
After the death of Sir Charles the estate
goes to his next of kin, a nephew who is
living in America and who comes to Bas
kerville Hall to take charge as Sir Henry
Baskerville. He receives a warning in a
mysterious manner that living at Basker
ville Hall will prove his doom, but he is
a man of courage and decides to take the
risk. Thus it is that Holmes has the dou
ble task of protecting the living as well
as solving the mystery of the. death of
Sir Charles. He soon finds that he his
his hands full aiid that he has at last met
a foeman worthy of his steel.
Mr. Doyle puts the superstition to good
account, and at times the reader is not
sure whether after all the affair will not
turn out to be a "true" ghost story; it
is only the 'faith that we have in the cold,
keen and practical mind of Holmes that
keeps us confident that In the end the
weird happenings at Baskerville HaU'will
be explained.
Another point that seemed to bear out
the possibility that his death had come
about through the curse of the Basker
villes was the fact that near his body
were to be plainly seen the footprints of
a gigantic hound. Of course, this evi
dence of such a material nature, while at
once suggesting the old legend, dealt
rather a blow to the possibility of a super
natural agency entering in as a factor
in the investigation of the case.
scenes of Wyanoke the romance . ends—
and very happily, too.
"Dorothy South" is published by the
Lothror. Publishing Company, Boston.
Price $1 50. ¦
I "Improprieties of Noah, and Other
Stories." by Harold V. Smeclbcrg, . is a
series of short love stories, six in number,
varying in Intensity from flirtations un
der the nose of a chaperone to unexpected
encounters with a desperate burglar and
suddenly being thrust face to face with
a jilted lover at the top of the Washing
ton monument, with no third person pres-
ent to make, the portion less difficult.
Price 50 cents. E
"Golden Fluff," by Mrs. James Kdwin
Morris, Is a collection of stories of ani
mals, domestic and wild. -Tt answers a
good many questions regarding traits that
are familiar to every one but not gener
ally /understood. Price 60 cents.
"Bobtail Dixie," by Abbie N. Smith,
is an illustrated dog story in the nature
of a biography, that contains some Wes
sons and entertainment for children.
Price ?1.
"Behind the Grill," by Duncan F.
Young, is a little book giving some points
on the banking business, as they appear
to a country cashier. Price 50 cents.
"The King of AndornV' by Henry E.
Harris, is a story in which the author in
vents a land as the scene for his little
drama; in which figure a Frenchman, an
Englishman, two Americans, an English
woman, and two natives of the country.
There are plots and counterplots: the re
public becomes a. monarchy; hard blow8
are struck, and brave deeds done; a duel
and a battle scene. 'Price $1 25.
To more than six hundred,
Full a league, full a; league,
Full a league onward
Into the dens of hell —
"Nation," she thundered.
Forward she went herself.
Seized bottles from the shelf,
Threw them around pell-mell —
Yea. more than six hundred.
Bottles to the right of her,
Bottles to the left of. her,
Bottles in front of her.
Shattered in pieces, fell;
Then with an ax she broke,
Kegs with a single stroke,
Filled with fresh beer to sell —
a sample of two verses from a "gem"
called "The Charge of a 'Nation'":
very artistically and convincingly dona,
and forms no small part in the general in
terest of the book. The love story that
forms the motif is by no means lacking in
interest, although the author's proneness
to moralize often gives the reader that im
patient feeling which frequently results in
unread pages and a skipping to catch the
thread of the story. It is published by the
Saalneld Publishing Company, Akron, O.
Price $1 50.
Hand of God in American History.
Robert Ellis Thompson, S/T. D., is the
author of a book under the following
rather startling caption. "The Hand of
God in American History."
"Why Is it that the Bible account of a
nation's history is so different, from r that
kind of history, which is written about na-
-, From the beginning of \ the story there
rests- a mystery, over -Dorothy. .She Is, a
high-born, : lovely,' girl,*- but she ' has : never
• been outside ! her } own ' home. I Her; father
heroic measures. -Dorothy: lends " herself
as "Arthur's head nurse. The doctor now
discovers. that he loves Dorothy, and. In
thi3 perplexity he seeks the counsel of his
friend Edmonia,' who; loves him, but "not
selfishly, as she proves. -• i. .:
In. spite of his foot, notes and a ten
dency to . give too accurately historical
data rather uninteresting in a novel,
George Gary Eggleston's", work Jn "Doro-'
thy South." his latest book, appeals to
the reader as far above the average. He
certainly stands well at .the top in this,
his own peculiar, field. His book of last
year, "A Carolina Cavalier," wlll.be re
mdmbered by many with pleasure. '
"Dorothy' South" gives us a" stirring
picture of Virginia life before the war.
The author paints with a strong, hand and
the verity of truth - is stamped on his
pages. His character drawing '•" is . more
than well done and the incidents are
worked up with thrilling. effect. -
The story opens with tho arrival at the
fine estate of Wyanoke of its new heir, a
young physician,' Dr. Arthur Brent,.Vir- :
ginia born, but North w and , foreign bred.
At Wyanoke" he finds. Aunt -Polly, a dis
tant relative,, and Dorothy South, a girl
'of '16,; left as an orphan in Aunt Polly's
care. And : in the neighboring society he
alsomeets* Edmonia Bannister. 1 '¦¦'-.•
*ever breaks out- among the negroes/of
Wyanoko, and f the doctor: attacks. It with
Dorothy South.
Throueh all this trouble both her old,
lover, John Cary and Slack Dorkins. the
country villager of her old home, have
been watching over her, and later, when
Hester returns to her old home. John Cary
renews his suit artd aska hr># to be his
wife. In view of the many slanders that
have been scattered widely by Glenn Fen
ton, she hesitates./ .The . arrival of- her
former husband's father with the news
that he has discovered the records of his
son's marriage, but failed «to find* the
wife's name, and the somewhat dramatic
appearance of llttlo Sally Pitts with the
lost marriage certificate, releases Hester
from her predicament and „ makes John
Cary happy. Tn style the book is not pol
ished, but it has touches that give promise
of much better things on the part of the
author. (C. M. Clark Publishing Com
pany, Boston. ?1 50.)
An exalted idea is a prime mover in the
character of Hester Blair, a standard of
honor that if it were a little more ordinar
ily human, might have saved the heroine
and those belonging to her from much
trouble and unhappiness. Forsaking the
lover of her village home for a secret mar
riage wjth a, rich city man who loves her
through a Rummer's acquaintance, but
whose father by adoption, on account of
his own unhappy marriage, lives in dread
of his son taking the same step, she has
much to bear in 'keeping the fact of her
marriage a secret, as she has vowed to do.
Her marriage certificate is lost on the
night of her wedding, and picked up by si
litle village child, who keeps it. unaware
of the importance of the document. After
some months in New York city, where
Hester has been living ostensibly as a mu
sic teacher, but really as the wife of Ralph
Featherly. spied upon and slandered by
the rather stagey bad man of- the story.
Glenn Fenton. her husband dies of heart
disease just as he is framiner the words
to confess his marriage with Hester to his
father. - •.-.. - v ¦ -' . ¦ -
'or twenty years.
The author, WHIiu.ni Henry Carson, calls
his first .book ''The Romance of a Country
Girl." But in reading the novel one some
how feels that the story, or rather the
character of the country girl and heroine,
Hester Blair, is rather subordinate in In
terest and strength to that of. Slack Dor
kins, the country villager, who follows her
fortunes and person with all the faithful
ness of an old-time- retainer. -He is real
to the reader, a personage that one might
meet in any New England fishing port on
>a summer jaunt, rough and unpolished aj
the bark on a tree, but full of strong, sym
pathetic human nature. Ho does not hesi
tate to use ingenuity of the Yankee brand
to outwit those who are conspiring
against Hester, the dauglfter of his old
time employer, and he uses the same art
fulness to win the querulous spinster
housekeeper, whom he had wooed in vain
Hester Blair.
The causes ami effects of each" war and
each step in oolonlar and national exist-'
ence are traced out in a similar discern
ing way. (Published by Thomas Y.
Crowell & Co., . New. York. Price $1.)
of the United States. The .theory is an
interesting one, besides affording a new
basis upon which to stuay our past na
tional life. This -'study 1 is not- made .in a
spirit of religious cant -or- sectarian nar
rowness. Tt is prosecuted along the line
of "underlying causes and, their effects.
The time of the discovery of this conti
nent is regarded as • the ¦ first" significant
factor; it was withheld from the peoples
of the earth until a , modern civilization
had begun to rear its head. It was pre
pared as a safe refuge for the persecuted
of every country and every, creed, \. who
suffered for religion's ' or ' conscience's
sake. Thus were sown from the first the
seeds of freedom. •*¦. : ' • . ,.¦ '. '¦ .-. '
"In White and Black," by W. W. Pinson.
is a story of the South laid in that period
immediately following the civil war. The
book has a good wholesome tone through
out and is filled with the healthy atmos
phere of outdoor life. The character
drawing of the old Southern darbies i3
In White and Black.
"The Political Freshman," by Bushrod
Washington James, is not, as its title
might suggest, a text-book. It is Mr.
James' first novel. The story concerns a
young collegian, Frank Freeman, a man
who makes his watchword j "reform.
The romantic interest in the story cen
ters in the love of Amy HIghe and of
Ethel Joyce for the hero. Although Amy
is already engaged to a very estimable
young man she decides to win Freeman
and then give her first lover his dismissal.
She stoops to much in her effort to carry
out her schemes, but as Freeman really
loves the other girl her plans fall short
of the mark. These three are the more
important characters of the book. fPub
lished by the Bushrod Library, 1717 Green
street, Philadelphia.)
The Political Freshman.
*% y OW that Conan Doyle has brought
f\ I Sherlock Holmes back to us in
I V his story. Just pubiisl.cd, "The
\ > Hound of the Baskervilles." there
V, is only one more thing for him to
do to add variety to the life of that
greatest of detectives, ant) that is to give
us yet another story and this time to
pit the powers of the wonder Holmes
B^ainst those of the amateur cracksman
"Raffles." a name that E. W. Hornung
has made equally famous among the
readers of detective fiction. If Mr. Horn
ung and Dr. Doyle could arrange a trial
hunt between their two heroes we should
have some "deductions" and "counter
plots" that would make the greatest de
tective work ever put in print. It would
have to be understood that both gentle
men should spare the life of the other's
hero, but this would he no hardship to
cither of them, for neither is anymore
"sanguinary than is absolutely necessary
to give proper ''human interest" to their
stories.
Raffles is the only man alive in the
fiction of to-day who could puzzle the re
doubtable Holmes; he is the one criminal
who could lead the detective a merry
dance, and it would be odds even as to
whether Holmes would catch Raffles or
Rallies take Holmes. At any rate that is
something: that the public would like to
have settled; who is the better man? Let
the writers toss up for the authorship of
the first chapter and then alternate in
the writing of each successive one. The
great difficulty would be that the book
would never end. for neither Holmes nor
Raffles is a man to ever admit defeat,
and the successes of one v.-ould have t->
be met by the rebuffs of the other.
That v.ould be the book of the year—
Rafiles and "Bunny" pitted against Sher
lock Holmes and Dr. Watson— and then
let the best man win'.
When Dr. Doyle tumbled his hero over
an Alpine pass anfl apparently ended his
career of greatness there was a wail from
the great majority of Holmes* admirers,
who took this as his final appearance in
any of life's dramas. It was said at the
time that Dr. Doyle had tired of Invent
ing situations and unraveling plots and
that he ha<J decided in cold blood to a-»
away with his man for good and all. '<••
thought better of this decision, if he ever
made it. and last year it was given forth
th:it Sherlock Kclmes should once again
take the boards to unravel the greatest
rnyvtery of !Vc3J all, "The Hound of the
BaskerviUeK."
The story was published in The Strand
to London and now it appears in book
form in America from the publishing
lxvse M McClure. Phillips & Co., New-
York. This book throws no light on the
IK>*sible ending of the affair in the Alps
and it is left to the reader" ii>iniagination
to satisfy himself whether this is an ad
ver.ture "prior to that disastrous wiid
goose flight across the continent and
tumble over the mountains, or whether
Holmes saved his neck in some miracu
lous v.-ay and is still alive for more ex- "
periences new and startling.
At any rate the publishing of this new
story now leaves the way clear for Dr.
Doyle to give us as many more farewell
appearances of Mr. Holmes as his own
sweet will and fancy may dictate — a situ
tion most agreeable to the many readers
who followed with delight the former
varied and startling adventures of the
great man as recorded in the past stories
of "A Study in Scarlet," "The Sign, of
the Four," • "Adventures of Sherlock
Holmes," and "Memoirs of Sherlock
Holmes."
"The Hound of the Baskervilles" is the
longest one of the Sherlocit Holmes series
that has as yet appeared. It is complete
in itself; so those readers who have not
made the acquaintance of the redoubta
ble Holmes need not hesitate to read this
tale under the mistaken impression that
It hinges for Its proper understanding
upon any of the stories that have gone
before It.
It finds its. motif in an old west country
legend concerning the house of the Bas
kervllles and tells of the battle of super
stition <wlth the power and understanding
cf up-to-date science. Of course, science
In the person of Sherlock Holmes wins
out In the end, but it is a hard tussle and
one that puts even the great detective on
his mettle.
The curee of the Baskervilles lies in the
fleed of old Hugo Baskerville over a cen
tury before Ihe time of the present story.
It eeems that he was one of the worst of
the very worst and bis wickedness, as
Is recited In an ancient manuscript of the
time, brought about the persecution of
tha hell-hound that is supposed to blast
the fortunes of every succeeding > male
Baskerville who attempts to live on the
old estate. Part of this manuscript reads
in this wise:
"It chanced that this Hugo came to love
(If, Indeed, so dark a passion may be
, known under so bright a name) the
daughter of a yeoman who held lands
near the Baskerville estate. But the
young maiden, being discreet and of good
repute, would ever avoid him, for she
feared his evil name. So it came to pass
that one Michaelmas this Hugo, with five
or six of his Idle and wicked companions,
stole down upon the farm and carried off
the maiden, her father and brothers be
ing from home, as he well knew. When
they had brought her to the Hall the
:nafden was placed in an upper chamber,
while Hugo and his friends sat down to
a long carouse, as was their nightly cus
tom."
The girl managed to make her escape
by climbing down the ivy on the side of
the house. This fact was soon discovered
by the drink-maddened Hugo, and in
crazy mood he swore tnat he would that
night render his soul to the powers of
evil if he couid but overtake the girl. One
of the men more drunken, than the rest
cried out to put the bounds upon her. and
forthwith out went the drunken band in
hot haste on their hellish hunt.
The result of it was that Hugo distanced
all his valiant retainers.
"They had gone a mile or two when they
passed one of the night shepherds upon
the moorlands, and they cried to him to
know If he had seen the hunt. And the
man, as the story goes, was so crazed
with fear that he could scarce speak, but
at last he said that he had indeed seen
the unhappy maiden, with the hounds
upon her track. "But 1 have seen more
than that,* said he. 'for Hugo Basker
¦\Jlle passed me upon his black mare, and
c there ran mute behind him such a hound
of heH as God forbid should ever be at
my heels.' " -^
The majority of the revelers turned
back, almost frightened out of their wits,
but three of the boldest and most drunken
of the party rode on.
The moon was shining bright upon the
clearing.- and there in the center lay the
unhappy maid, where she had fallen dead
of fear and of fatigue. But it was not the
At the beginning; of the story Sherlock
Holmes Is called in. in his capacity of con
sulting detective, to fathom the mystery,
of the death of Sir Charles Baskerville.
Sir Charles has redeemed the lost for
tunes of the family by successful specula
tions in India and has returned to his es
tate to once more make the name of his
family known among: men. He is found
dead one night by his butler. Sir Charles.
according Lp the evidence presented to
Holmes, had gone to the end of the Yew
alley thai overlooked the moor where the
guilty Hugo had paid so dearly for his
miSkleeds. What he had seen us he stood
looking over the vast mire -no man could
tell, but that it must have been to him a
sight of horror, was borne out by the evi
dence of his hasty flight, running in his
mad terror away from the house and a'.l
change of succor and finally falling dead
of sheer fright at the end of the' alley.
The manuscript closes with the warning
to all sons of the Baskervilles to "for
bear from crossing the moor in those
dark hours when the powers of evil aie
exalted."
sight of her body, nor yet was it that of
the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near
her. which raised the hair upon the heads
of these three dare-devil roystererp. but
it was that standing over Hiiro and
plucking at his throat there stood a foul
thins, a great, black beast, shaped like a
hound, yet larger than any hound that
ever mortal eye 4 has rested upon. And
even as they looked the thing tore the
throat out of Hugo Baskervllle^on which,
as it turned Its b'azingr eyes and dripping
jaws upon them, the three shrieked with
fear and rode for dear life, still scream
ing:, across the moor.
sions on a journey through Ireland, Scot-
land and England. The photographs,
numbering'sixtv-four,'were taken l»y the»
'iuthor The book is full of' little inci-
den's of life legends, stories, bits of his-
tory and pictures of nature, all wrought
tojrethpr with creat delicacy. The follow-
IneichaDter headings will serve to give
air idea of the extent of the work: "Erin
from Queenstown to Blarney Castle,"
"Bantry Bay to Lame; with a Brief
Sketch 'of Irish History." "Auld Ayr . to
Edinburgh," "RosUn and Hawthornden,"
"Melrose," "The English Lake Recrion,"
"In and Out of London." "The Devon
I^and." "p:nvoy." -.
"Castles In Spain."-by, Winifred Sack-
ville-Stoner, is a book of rhymes, evident-
lv written in the spirit that nothing can
be so poor that a printer will refuse to
set it if he is paid for so doing. Here is
tions in modern times? The Bible speaks
of God as having a great deal to ao with
what was going on. and of his will as a
controlling force in the movements of his-
tory. The modern history traces every-
thing to secondary causes, mostly to the
characters and the wills Of leading peo-
pie. to the external circumstances of the
nation's existence, to the influence of
great movements of public opinion, or to
the influence one country exercises upon
another."
After propounding this query, the author
gives threa-possible explanations of the
difference -and then proceeds to the in-
quiry as to whether God has had any
other "ehoseir people" since'he directed
the mundane affairs of the Jews. Divine
providence has been clearly manifest-in
the history of more than one nation, and
" not least-according to the author-in that
had left her future bound by peculiar in
junctions, v She was in a way betrothed
to the son of a planter, Madison Peyton.
Arthur, at Dorothy's request,"becomes her
guardian, to the consternation of Madison
Peyton; and then he gives her the chance
to see the world. He sends her away to
travel,with Edmonia. Meanwhile the war
clouds of '61 gathered over Virginia. On
the voyage to Europe Dorothy meets a
woman, who, strange to say, is her
mother. She tells a most wonderful story
and the mystery is explained. It was
this on which Madison Peyton was gain*?
to compel Dorothy's, marriage with, his
worthless son.- ' ) .
Dorothy hastens home to Virginia just
as the war begins. She meets Dr. Arthur
first with girlish impulsiveness and the.i
with reserve, which mystifies and pans
him exceedingly; but in the familiar
My poor whites are not taken from. Ufa;
the dialect is no part of the Interest of the
story. I am not competing with. our mas
ters of Southern color, and I am not fol
lowing them." , ; ; •••"»
"What I have hoped- In pitching my
story in the South was that the more in
structive writings about the South have
at last made a field for my kind of story—
that the reader has learned f rom_Mr.
Harris and Miss Stewart and Mr. Page
and a dozen more enough about tnat
country to feel at home in Its atmosphere
and to enjoy it in perfectjdleness. I am
something of a geologist, and I have bum
my Rolfe County from the bottom rocks,
to be entirely different from the coastal
plain country." Price 51 50.
The Theater for May, handsome In ap
pearance as usual, devotes considerable
spac£ to a discussion of the proposed en
dowed theater. The editor wrote to tha
leading players, dramatists and literary
workers asking for their views on tha
subject, and he prints their replies. Tha
fifty-odd answers include interesting let
ters from Joseph Jefferson. Julia Mar
lcwe. E. H. Sothern, E. M. Holland, Mrs.
Leslie Carter, Reginald de Koven, Otis
Skinner, Ella Wheeler Wllcox, Da Wolf
Hopper, Eugene W. Presbrey, Kyrla Bel
low, Wilton Lackaye. John Malone, Mar
tha Morton and others. The general opin
ion seems to be that there Is a great need
in New York for an ideal theater, and' the
name of Helnrich Conrled la put forward
by most as the man best fitted to con
duct such a theater. Another important
feature in the issue Is an article on "The
Passion Play in America," by a prom
inent clergyman. The writer, the Rev.
Percy S. Grant, rector of the Church of
the Ascension. New York, takes the lib
eral view, which he thinks is that of
many church members, that there would
be no impropriety in presenting tha sa
cred story on the local stage If properly
done. He does not think it would cheap
en the Christian religion, but says that,
on the contrary, Christian people must
not shut their eyes to anything which
tends to give greater reality to the story
of Christ through fear It will shake their
faith. Cleveland Moffett contributes an
interesting study, with striking portraits.
of Mme. Segond-Weber. the Parisian
stage celebrity of the hour, and an en
tertainingly written dual interview with
the joint stars. Effie Shannon and Her
bert Kelcey, forms the subject of this
month's "Chat Wltta Players." The num
ber Is profusely Illustrated with scenes
from the current plays and many fine
portraits of the players now before the
public.
Richard Harding Davis, like most suc
cessful authors, had his days of grind and
uphill effort before he finally found him
self in "Van Bibber," "The Princess
Aline" and all the rest. He had the usual
trials of a man who starts out to do
newspaper work, and yet who has dis
tinct literary aspirations. The editor who
passed on Davis' reportorial- copy said
that the hardest work he had was to re
move tiie "literary touch" from Davis'
reports, and he finally said, "For heaven's
sake, Diqk, remember that you are writ
ing for a newspaper and not for Harper's
Magazine."
Not long afterward Mr. Davis was
writing considerably for the Harpers, and
their editors then had to grapple with the
problem of how to get the journalistic
idiom out of Mr. Davis* extraordinarily
clever literary work. All of which was
rather wearing on the aspiring young
author.
"The Anthology of Russian Litera
ture," to be published by the Putnam3
in 1902, will meet a definite want. It will
give extracts, but more often complete
productions from all writers who have
had an important part in the development
of Russian letters from the earliest times
up to the present. These extracts will
be accompanied by biographical and such
critical and textual notes as will make
each author comprehensible without ref
erence to any other work. The introduc
tion will be a resume of the whole his
tory of Russian literature, and will con
tain everything necessary to serve as a
thorough guide to that study, from the
historical, critical and bibliographical
standpoints.
The May. number of Everybody's Maga
zine opens with an article by Dr. Henry
Gannett on "Famous American Moun
tains"" illustrated with photographs of
the notable peaks of the Rockies, tha
Sierras and the Alaskan range. Especial
ly timely Is T. P. O'Connor's estimate of
Cecil Rhodes, the "Napoleon of South Af
rica." It is a skillful character study,
representing the curious admixture -of
traits which made Mr. Rhodes the great
personality of his period. Another valu
able contribution is • Dr. H. W. Wiley's
"Man as a Machine," in which the func
tions of the human body are compared
with mechanical processes.
Plctorially the feature of tha May
Critic will be a series of etchings by Mor
timer Menpea of Mr. Whistler In various
moods and attitudes. These etchings
have never before /been published, and
only a limited - number of proofs were
printed, and they offer characteristic ver
sions of an artist whose personality and
accomplishments are truly unique. The
etchings will be printed In tint and will
be accompanied by an introductory paper
by Christian Brinton entitled "Mr. Men
pes, Mr. Whistler and Certain Etchings."
The May issue of the Overland Monthly
comes to hand with a cover design by the
eminent Western sculptor, Mr. Robert I.
Aitken. "The True History of the Found
ing of the University of California," by
Samuel L. Lupton, is an article that
should appeal to everybody Interested in
educational subjects. Mr. Orrin Peck's
famous portrait of Dr. Benjamin Ida
Wheeler is reproduced as a frontispiece
to the magazine.
"Love-Story Masterpieces," selected by
Ralph A. Lyon of the Associated Press of
Baltimore, is the title of a .volume soon
to be issued by William S. Lard of Evans
ton. The book will contain stories by
George Meredith, Ik Marvel, Robert
Louis Stevenson and Oliver Wendell
Holmes. To give these masterpieces a
choice and worthy setting has been the
aim of the publisher. Something unique
is promised. •
Doubleday. Page & Co. are Just now
publishing two novels of distinctive char
acter—one "The Misdemeanors of Nan
cy." by Eleanor Hoyt. »- dainty volume
about a typical American girl, with many
illustrations In tint by Penrhyn Stan
laws; and the other 'The Coast of Free
dom,"-by Adele Marie Shav/, a story of
Captain Pfaippa, the first self-made Amer
ican, and the witchcraft trials before
Cotton Mather. '
their natural surroundings, by the artist
photographer, A. Radclyffe Dugmore, will
be a feature of the May Country Life in
America. One picture is reproduced life
size on two ample pages and Is said to / oe
the first photograph ever taken or a
brook trout at home.
THE SUNDAY OAIJ.L.
CcndUctsd by
BOOK REVIEWS
AND LITERARY CHAT
12
Elder and Shepa.-d sell t
The
HOUND
of the
BASKERVILLES.
The long-expected . .
SHERLOCK HOLMES
mystery story.
By A. CONAN DOYLE
, The first appearance o! the
great /detective in a complete
novel. A prolound and thrill-
ing stvdy o! tangled clues. . .
IHusbated by SIDNEY TAOET. $1.2*
For $L00.
Elder and Shepard,
238 Post Street. San Francisco
Send for Catalogue of Publication*.in .We "ne* r "areas - : ring which'" Miss El
liotl has just had finished. This is no
mere bit of.jewelrythat.may.be worn
upon all occasions with acy toilets. On
the contrary, as its very name implies,
it is a ring that is made first and for
which the dress to be worn with it is de
signed afterward.
This particular ring is a single bar of
sold over two Inches long that reaches
from the- knuckle to the first joint of the
linger. It is set with three huge diamonds
of. the first water, all faultlessly cut to
precisely the same size.
The dress that inust be worn with this
unique jewel is of black velvet powdered
lightly with heavy gold dust. It is cut
decollete, with long tight-fitting sleeves
that come down well over the hands.
That is "all. There is no other ornamen
tation of any kind anywhere, but against
such a rich dark background wherever
the hand of the lucky possessor may
move the new "dress" ring glitters with
a wondrous radlanct. ; '-
Another Idea which is as fascinatlnglj
original as it is beautifully becoming la
an evening dress, also of black velvet
with the front of the corsage cut in the
shape of a huge butterfly's wings, from
the center of which rise two slender gold
threads to represent the long wispy feel
ers of the insect, on the end of each ut
which' there is a large diamond shimmer
ing tantalizingly with even the slightest
motion of the wearer.
Another toilet which is more simple
than either of the other two Just de
scribed is made distinctive by a sing!a
rope - of diamonds running across th*
bosom from the right shoulder to the left
armpit.
Still another magnificent jewel is an
immense heart-shaped locket as big as
a pear, heavily incrusted with diamond
which Is to -be worn with any toiler
hanging at the end of a long rope of
pearls studded at Intervals with dia
monds.
"Just say I'm going for a vacation
where I won't have a single thought o'.
the stage, that's all," laughs Miss Elliot:
when asked to tell about the glories *>!
it all.
*">* ND now it Is the flower muff.
f \ A little while ago Mrs. Joseph
f— I Tobin Introduced It into society. ,
V; I Now Miss Baggio Conklin of the
JL Alcazar has introduced it upon the
local stage.
It is adorable. Its possibilities ': are In
finite. It .will dre3s up an old gown, if ;
will adorn anew one. It .will save the
price and the trouble of gloves. Above
all. it has more powers of coquetry, than
the fan or the parasol, and what a clever'
woman can't do with it won't be worth
doing: :< •* :
Of course -It is an ornament. Nobody
ever supposed, it is to be hoped, that it
was meant to keep the handswarm. But
it is bewitching when made to match a
reception or, ball gown. Miss Conklin's
muff in the picture goes with a* reception
gown of rose pink. The muff is' made of
lhe fluffiest white. chiffon, ruffled with it,
ruched^with It; a, long streamer of the •'
chiffon trails ¦ from it. The lining ', is , of
the daintiest of rose-tinted satin.
IVOIA/ IT IS THE FLOWER MUFF'
All this as. a basis: .Where do the flow
ers come in? , •:
They cover, it. ' ., They are the most nat
ural of pink. roses, with. green leaves, and
they are fastened in a great cluster that
covers the muff. Another, a smaller knot
of them, is caught into the long streamer.
/These ' muffs ¦ can be made '.of any kind
of artificial . flowers. > . If /• yours is to b«
worn with . a hat let the flowers match
those of the hat. A' violet muff, with th«
chiffon of a pale lavender, is exquisite.
A poppy muff, smartens a red costume, c A
blonde English - woman recently -wore in
New York . a> buttercup muff, the chiffon
all golden yellow. Her gown was of pal*
yellow silk 'and cream face. j '¦¦- ..
It is for you to find out the possibilities
of the muff. It takes » delightfully to
poses. ,, It is an excellent place to -hide
both hands— of course you must decide for
yourself whose. hands those shall be. And
the- streamer .can be toyed with to good
advantage. * And a pairs of eyes appear
very,. well just over "the, top> of it. And
a, cheek-: can •;. rest, ; charmingly upon it.
And— well, learn the, rest* for yourself. ",
diamonds with four rare pearls pendent
at intervals. ¦ ¦ ' . • /
Then there Is a large American flag to
be worn in the corsage, which is nothing
short of a masterpiece .in design and ex
ecution. It is shaped to take on the long
undulating motion of the stars and stripes
floating in thfe wind, and on the slightest
movement of the fair wearer under the
electric lights it will seem to be con-
¦etantly a-flutter. It is made of gold two
and one-half inches '. deep . by three! and
one-half inches high, and i set witb dia
monds to represent the thirteen . original
stars, and a field-.of diamonds, sapphires
and rubies In alternating '• rows - for the
stripes. It is safe to say that in all the
brilliancy- of coronation week there will
be no jewel more beautiful in 1 conception.
But the height of originality, is 'shown
WHEN Edward VII Is crowned
King of England and Emperor
of India on June 26, in the midst
of the most brilliant pageant
ever seen in London, the most
notable beauty in Britain's gay capital
during coronation week will be an Amer
ican woman. Maxima Elliott, beloved of
California aad claimed as a. native daugh
ter of the Golden Sta.te. although she
really is not. She will divide interest
with his august Majesty himself, even
In the most exclusive social circles of
his vast realm, and in point of personal
tplendor will completely outshine the
long line of peeresses who. alone of their
acx, by virtue of bearing the title of no
bility in their own names, will be per
mitted to squeeze themselves . into the
limited eighteen inches of space pre
scribed by law during the royal cere
mony Westminster Abbey.
Siucn we tndolffently applauded her act
ing and enthusiastically praised her
bi-auty and costuming \VSen she was a
member of the original Frawley com
pa.ny at the Columbia Theater some half
dozen years- ago, Maxine Elliott -has
risen to a. position that is unique. Her
4cttractiv<'i:« b* is greater than ever be
fore, for she has changed the style of
her coiffure to a coquettish side part,
which has= softened what some have Jwil
outly termed her austere stateliness into .
a beauty that is distinctively, impulsive
ly feminine. And to so her act lhe
charming heroine of "When We Were
Twenty-One" at the same theater is to
applaud bet now for a display of talent
hitherto unsuspected and altogether sur
prising. Oniy those who have good cause
to "know can realize how difficult it is
to rise superior to the adoration of beauty
jh the cralt of the stage. _ -.'.
But in that same half-dozen years that
elusive something — call it talent, tact,
temperament, finesse, genius, what you
will— kas developed Maxine Elliott won
rierlully. and since she became Mrs. N.
C. Goodwin captured J-ondon by her
l>eauty and cleverness and became mis
tress of "Jackwood." on« of the most
rtelierhtful country estates- in «J1 Eng
land, one is not surprised to re,ad in the
cabled dispatches that she has been lhe
honored-guest x>l the Duke and Duchess
cf Sutherland, the Duke and Duchess
And what rare gems they are! Thor
oughly distinctive and characteristically
patriotic/ There is a diamond tiara, which
alone Is worth a king's ransom. It is no
mere band of gold, economically bestud
ded with a few small brilliants, but " a
stately headdress more than five inches
high in the form of a sclntillating^etar.
flanked on each side with a single sheaf
of wheat, supported by a long, heavy
scroll, thicky incrusted with -flawless
diamonds. Worn majestically on her jet
black hair this wonderful .creation will
glisten with a dazzlingly beautiful luster.,
With this is worn a unique double neckA
lace of diamonds and pearls suspended be
low a collar of selected pearls three inches
deep held in place with bars of diamonds. t
The upper necklace^of graduated dia
monds of unusual size and brilliancy has
a smaller fall of clear white stones., from
which is. suspended a huge star, set with
diamonds on a field of blue sapphires and
deep red rubies to represent the American
colors. Below this and encircling the
whole is a longer necklace . of graduated
It will be the grandest spectacle of the
new century, and in order to be present
--Miss Elliott is obliged to cancel big en
gagements in Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa,
Quebec. Halifax and St. Paul. Even as
It is, she will have the smallest .limit of
time that ever vexed the feminine temper
to make' a flying visit to Paris to lit on
the innumerable gowns of the big ward
robe thought necessary for only a single
veek of such fashionable gayetjv And in
passing she will pick up her own priceless
set of jewels, which are now being re
modeled for her. by Tiffany for just this
one occasion that will distinguish her
among the most resplendent, r?
To Americans such social distinction is
much more a matter of course than to the
lady herself, so it will not be surprising
to l»arn that it is as the guest of such
notably titled individuals as these that
she will queen it over all London's most
brilliant set during coronation week, not
withstanding her own modest desire to
appear as inconspicuous as possible.
01 Fife, Lord Rosebery, Baron Roths
child or the Duke and Duchess of Marl
borough, our own winsome Consuelo, all
of whom have recently entertained her.
And when the news was flashed across
the ocean a short time ago that King Kd
ward himself had asked to be presented
to tho great American beauty at an in
formal tea the graciousness of the'cour
tesy was almost lost In! the feeling that
he was rendering a reprehenslbly tardy
homage.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
13
AMERICAN
BEAUTY'S
SPLENDOR
FOR
CORONATION
WEEK. There are gowns so ; very much like
coats that only a person well versed in
children's clothes would know that they
really were not intended as such. They
are made of white pique. There is a. tiny
stiff collar and the dress hooks directly
down the front, -which is unusual in lit
tle people's clothes. The only thing that
breaks the monotony are two little ex
tensions of the pique that hold large
pearl buttons. About the shoulders is a
collar edged with deep embroidery and
the finishing touch Is added by a white
leather belt that is held In place with a
gold buckle. It is one of the most com
plete of all frocks and looks well under
all circumstances.
for these little yokes, as It were, cover a
multitude of sins.
Suits from Davis, Schonwasser
. . & Co.
Poses by Little Miss Heed.
Did you happen to know that little iliaa
Modish' s frocks are lined and interlined?
Well, they are. One designed for dancing
school is made of organdy.. The skirt and
waist are tucked round and without •>
particle of lace. The sleeves are snort
and the neclc Is round, giving It an air
of evening dress. A ruffle of the material
forms a bertha and a tiny edge of Valen
ciennes is all the trimming there Is. But
the underskirt is mare elaborate than th*
outside one. It is a mass of tucks and Is
finished with a knife pleating edged with,
lace. The pleating stands cut iauntfly,
and when the short ekirt flies looks as
though the gown had Been really «nd
truly finished.
Some of these under lining* «r» rnxde
of silk and are plenty pretty enough, to
wear an the outside. In fact a nemt of
youngsters -would be delighted t» fcsr*» «»
Sunday-go-to-meeting gxrwn half urn
pretty. But what Dame Fashion demand*
These soft hats are carried out In a va
riety of ways and in all the dainty colors
that are suited to baby faces, but none
are more popular than the large, round
leghorn, shapes, the fluffy lining and the
long strings that flap In tfie breeze and
get tangled up with everything.
bon, is quite as smart ai. u is mucn more
serviceable. .That generally means some
thing to everybody, for the chief beauty
of a sash lies in its freshness.!
. And another thing, lie the bow where
you please.. If. you like it in the back, all
well and good., If your fancy dictates
the side it is quite as proper. The great
majority, of children's frocks* that si: .-be
ing unpacked: in Schonwasser's; have the
ribbon hows' tied loosely on * the right
side and with the ends all turning down-,
ward; ': ; ,'¦'- .. •
White Is supposed to be the popular
color for small . girls'. But do not buy a
white cloak nor a white hat. Anything
else will be chic, but black moire is the
'only thing ' that is considered swell; and
that is well, simply howling swell.
, These coats are made just long enough
to cover' the knees, and. are supposed to
entirely cover the dress. They are double
breasted and frequently have a V-shaped
piece .of tucked taffeta that fits closely
.about the throat. Instead of a wide!col
lar of the moire, a heavy ecru lace one Is
more often seen, as It- takes away, the
somber look. These little V-shaped pieces
that are. more often worn than not are
made of black. and white, sometimes the
two come with the coat. They are either
stitched ]ot are tucked all over. That
' corr.es in to : great advantage when the
slip ',• does ': not •' correspond with the • coat."
The same idea is carried out in pink
chiffon, but not exactly In the French
shape. This one is a bat and does not
tie under the chin; it does not even boast
of Strings. A large bow of black velvet
ribbon sits jauntily on the crown .arid
matches the black moire cloak to . a
nicety. y
Another natty hat Is made of chiffon
in a pale blue. It is fashioned after, the
French bonnet, only it is much larger. It
fits closely about the head and ears and
ties under the chin with an immense bow
of blue. There are rows and rows of
pleated chiffon that puffs. about the face
prettily, 1 and, a band of ribbon • held in
plaice with a few steel buckles adds a
swagger finish.- A spidery bow of the
blue is all that ornaments the crown,
and, in fact, is all that could be placed
there, as it is very small.
white Valenciennes gathered fully and
each row is headed with a piece of nar
row black velvet ribbon. On the crown
there is' absolutely nothing but a bunch
of Bprawly marguerites tied with their
own stems. Falling' here and there ara
several stray ones that look as though
they had slipped their bounds and were
prying into their neighbor's business. It
is one of the sweetest hats that has been
turned out for a child this year, and If
you wanted to buy it would probably
make you play a sweet tune.
Children really lcok better if ribbon is
used instead of silk. A soft satin ribbon
about six inches wide is about as nobby
as anything else. Taffeta is glossy and
makes a nifty bow, but. it crushes too
quickly and hangs like a wilted flower.
The soft satin, particularly the wash rib-.
Sashes, by the way, are all the vogm
for everybody. It makes no difference
whether your grandmother wore it; how
wide or how narrow it is; what its color
is, or what it is made of, so, long as it
deserves the name of sash it is abso
lutely correct
Another charming slip is fashioned of
white batiste. The deep-tucked blouse
has a full ruffle bordered' with embroi
dered batiste and headed with a cluster
of tucks. The yoke is a mass of tucks
and insertion and it is draped with a lace
bertha. The waist is finished with a sash,
and what could be prettier?
n:a^t o. -lu-a .^.i-n. iae full blou.se w._
scalloped lace revere collar opens ove:
a tucked yoke; at the bottom it has a
double lace-edged ruffle, the upper one
trimmed with three tucks, gauged to fit
the tucks in the waist. The sleeves are
bishops with lace cuffs?, sewed in tucks at
the upper part. It is just the fluffiest, fly
away thing that could be devised, and
when worn with a large picture hat of
soft pink chiffon a pretty child looks like
a fairy that has just come to visit us
for a while and who intends to leave us
marveling.
Lately she was about to lead a second
husband to the altar, when the word "di
vorced" broke the spell of love. The
lady took.: an 'action agaln st the registrar,
on the ground that In her maiden name
she had not been divorced and that her
piofcssion was not that of a divorced
lady. The Supreme Court has upheld the
objection, and the registrar has been com
pelled to make a new entry.
"Will not that be very misleading^" it
was asked, "it may be." was the reply,
"if the would-be husband fancies that wo
guarantee anything but the fact that her
maiden name is or was X. He must find
out the other facts for himself. A Prus
sian registrar is not a matrimonial
agent." SSOHRf
A curious case has recently been de
cided. A pretty young spouse was di
vorced from her husband because she had
allowed herself to be hypnotized and
while in that state made divers grievous
mistakes as to the identity of certain
people. Her former lord when divorced
forbade her to, sign or otherwise use his
name any longer, whereupon she reas
suroed her maiden name and informed the
registrar of her decision. Thi3 official an
tered her as "Divorced X."
IN Germany It has until recently been
the custom of divorced women
to wear or discard their former hus
bands' names, as suited them best.
A new law on the subject has, however,
just gone into effect. Under its provisions
a divorced wife may use her late hus
band's name unless and until he makes a
declaration, which costs nothing, to tha
effect that he withdraws from her the
right to bear it. Of course, this declara
tion can be made only by one whose own
behavior was irreproachable. If there
were faults on both sides, the lady can
call herself by the surname she possessed
ever since her marriage. »
DIVORCES IN GERMANY
The tim* has passed wfewx yaa ©roll
make over your own imnm»r cl3th«s for
tho children and pass them d»wn from
one generation to the next. There are a
ecore of manufacturers wh«' devote all
their time to little people's needs, and
they have as many frocks for this, that
and the other thing as you have. If your
purse string is ruthlessly drawn apart,
console* yourself by feasting your eyes
upon the ruler of the home— the baJby.
Dams Wealth boy* and. la els'- t» fc*v» *t
any cost.
mi.lL cliiiJ of the mode anJ inotecix
I is ai' absorbing. She Is every whit
I as Interesting as her big sister, or.
| perchance, her mother.
For youngsters these days art
not wha-t they used to be. Lon^j
years ago a little miss had a simple slip
r^iide of bright red calico or a dark blue
diess. She wore that day after day an-I
wntm more than happy when she slid down
a tree and tore it into rags, or when she
accidentally hung over the well and camo
out as wtt as a drowned rat-
Dress was the least of her troubles.
Play was her life.
But these days it is different. Very.
There arc all kinds of fancy frocks for
every time; and, more to the point, they
are worn and -considered really necessary
to the happiness of a well-behaved chil.1.
If colored frocks are worn at all it is
in the morning and they are made of
dimity or some other sheer material, and
are trimmed with embroidery or lace.
They are rarely simple. For the afternoon
white is the , proper thing, unless the
gown be of a heavy material and then
almost any color is permissible and con
sicertd quite right.
But, after all, white is the only thing
for a little miss to wear. It seems so
much more childlike, so much sweeter
and so much daintier. Black was never
meant for them; that is. to be used on
anything other than cloaks.
A smart frock for the little lady of
three or four is the Lorlie. It is of lawr.
and is as a rule worn over a white slip.
The full skirt is gathered three or four
times at the yoke, the gathers being suffi
ciently far apart to admit of puffs be
tween. The sleeve is a full bishop, with
a frill formed by the extension of its own
fullness over the hand. It is entirely a
matter of choice whether one has the
two ruffles of embroidery that fall over
the shoulder, or whether the skirt has a
band of insertion that encircles it, but
the open work white certainly adds more
than a little to the frock. However, as
many believe in dressing little people In
the extreme of simplicity, a plain lawn
made in such a fashion Is, to say the
least, attractive.
An exquisite gown is made of dotted
lawn. The material comes with dots at
regular intervals, and it is wide enough
to make a number of tucks and finally
end with a dotted scalloped embroidery.
A ekirt made with as many tucks as
are necessary and made very full is just
about as pretty and sensible as can be
found for a child. A deep yoke of all
over embroidery and sleeves of the same
keep up the embroidered appearance.
There is not a part of the frock that is
made of the plain lawn, as there is
usually enough of the materials left over
to make the tiny piece that is needed in
the back and front. While this little
gown sounds terribly elaborate and per
haps rather fussy, it really is not so. Re
member the material i s lawn, and while
it has a dot in it, it does not seem so
much dressed up. It makes as dainty an
afternoon frock as any one could possibly
desire, and yet it does not give that fold
your-hand-and-keep-quiet feeling.
For cool days the Columbia costume has
been especially designed. It is made of
mohair or serge, but preferably the for
mer. It has the wide, turned-over sailor
collar, which trims the back of the frock
admirably. The skirt, which is . quite
short, is circular and has two backward
plaits at the middle of the back. Other
than several rows of stitching or bands
of narrow braid it is plain. What pleases
the mothers most Is that It is neither too
plain nor too elaboiale; It has reached the
exalted place of a happy medium.
A gown that is a smart 'little thing is
THE SUNDAY CALL.
When worn with a large hat nothing
could be sweller. Such a hat, for In
stance, as this: A cartwheel of soft split
straw, the under rim has three row3 of
14
LITTLE MISS MODISH AND HOW SHE
DRESSESChildren \ should not be allowed to sit
still long for a time; if they do they will
fidget, move restlessly from side to side
and take attitudes which may make
them grow crooked. No stooping lesson,
such as writing or drawing, should end
without some simple arm exercise. Ac
custom the children to walk about th«
room every.^ day for about five minutes
with hands 'crossed behind their back and
books on their heads; give a reward to
the child who can first carry a light
basket or a vase on his head \.ithout let
ting it fall.. After a little practice it is
better to givje the child something Lreak.
able, for thi} head must then be held up
right. -
A child's bedroom should have plenty
of windows for the sunshine to enter,
and a generous open hearth. It should be
large and high-ceiled, with no papers
on the walls to < atch floating gases, but
finished instead "with some non-absorbent
material. Tbejre, should be hard- wood
floors, with rugs, instead of carpets/ and.
few hangings and little bric-a-brao: and
the child should spend, except when
sleeping, as little time in it as practica
ble. It should be worth a generous fe*
to the architect to perfect the ventilation
of a child's bedroom. From ten to twelve
hours' sleep, a. child is six or seven
years old. is necessary; and he should
sleep by himself; under no circumstances
with an older person, or another child.
The mattress should be firm, but soft.
What a child should eat, and how,
floor, on a sheet; for a half hour. This
will save weak spines and make tine hg»
ures.
It is a matter of great importance, al
though seldom attended to by parents,
to select proper chairs for children when,
they first begin to use chairs. The seat
should be firm and regular, for if soft and
low in the middle the child's neck will
be certain to sink within its shoulders,
and its figure to turn and become dis
torted from the want of a uniform and
. solid support.
Do not allow the children to sit with*-'
out support to their backs: encourage
them to rest the spine by lying back
in a chair; and once a day. after they
have been exercising, make your chil
dren, both boys and girls, lie flat on the
Movements for developing the «_-hest
should be simple at first. Reaching the
arms forward with palms touching, while
the breath is slowly inhaled through the
nostrils, gradually opening the arms, and
turning the palms upward;- until the arms
are carried as far back as possible, is a
pood movement. Another exercise ioi
chest development is to reach upward as
far as possible, draw down imaginary
ropes to the sides, and then carry them
back and upward.
Let all bending forward be done from
¦.Vie hips-joint, not from the wnist. The
ackbone need not be bent in stooping to
pick up anything.
"The upper point of the forehead and
the most prominent part of the chest,
the child should be taught to hold uplift
ed, as if trying to push up through the
celling" is the advice of one who speaks
with authority. A college professor tells
his boys that If they want to form the
habit of holding their heads up it is good
practice to try to look over the top of the
carriages in the streets while walking;
the arms should hang at the sides.
Much awkwardness would be overcome if
children were taught to let thejr bands
fall easily as 4f hung by ropes, and not
strained into straight positions — "What
shall I do with my hands?" asks a child.
"Let them hang at the end of your
arms," should be the reply. '
Children get little good from what they
learn mechanically. Instead of wasting
too much time, therefore, over wands and
dumb-bells, arouse the youngsters' Interest
by telling them that if they acquire the
proper carriage and deportment of the
body, they will be strong and agile, and
by holding the body erect and straight,
will find It easy to breathe In the right
way, and then have more endurance
when playing tennis, basketball, foot
ball or when running. Clothed in loose
bloomer garments, the child shou'.J be
taught how to torn the hip^ inward and
back; how to draw in the abdomen, lift
the chest to Its proper place, put the
chin back, and poise himself on the balls
jpf the feet and not upon the heels, so
that a line dropped from the chest
strikes the toes. To use the heels, in
stead of the balls of the feet, is not
only tiresome, but the internal organs
are thrown out of position thereby.
•"VHILDREN are beautiful bits of
I / promise. They suggest the blos-
I /n soms on the bough, the unfolded
VLy leafage, the half-opened bud. Xo
V» mortal prescience can. with cer
tainty, indicate what they will be in their
coming day of maturity, perhaps their
beauty will be of the kind fit to live In
song and story, and their charms those
over which one might imagine kingdoms
torn in twain.
If they are to be beautiful they must
be healthy, happy and contented. This,
indeed, will g;o far toward making
them lovely. Children of even weakly
parents— not actually diseased— who are
brought up with a due regard to the
principles that govern health and growth,
have a better future before them than
those of robust parentage who are not
so reared. Their, whole future depends
upon their physical development, and in
nothing is it of more importance to take
time by the forelock than in the matter
of training children's bodies. This care,
in childhood, never loses its ultimate re
ward, and saves much future trouble.
But the double chin requires heavy
strokes with the hand. The kind of mas
sage that is to take. away flesh must be
powerful, and you must actually slap
your . chin hard from left to right and
then from right to left. Twenty strokes
night and morning will help. "
And ride the bicycle if you can!
Uncover the shoulders so that the air
can get at them and .bend the head first
this way and then that way. Keep on
until you can almost touch the ear to the
shoulder. The head should be able to He
quite horizontal and In accomplishing it
you will lengthen your throat and help the
double chin-
There Is an exercise for lengthening tha
neck which is very good and it is one
that benefits the double chin.
Riding a bicycle will reduce tha chin
very quickly, on account of the way in
which the throat is exercised when one Is
riding. .:.*.'•,.
For the double chin tha weight must
be reduced and the chin massaged vigor
ously daily to keep it from, getting flabby
as it gets thin.
Bathe the neck with very hot water be
fore using the massage cream, and b«
sure to make the applications at least
twice a day. Rub gently and always
round and round the neck.
For the short neck there is nothing
but reducing the fat upon the throat Aj
the fat disappears tha neck will appear
to be longer.
For lines in the throat there Is nothing
except massage with cold cream. Rub tha
lines very gently with the hand, going
round and round the throat and keep
ing the fingers well moist with the cream.
For morning and evening wear, and in
deed, for all house wear, cultivate tha
loose-throated gown. There aro very
pretty fichus that do away with tha
stock and there are soft windings that
cover the throat and yet do not restrain
it enough to do it injury.
While treating the neck try to wear
an openwork stock, even when dressed for
the street Get a wired one all of laca,
the object being to give the treatment a
chance.
To Bexnedy I>ef ects.
Nothing gives grace quite as quickly as
this swaying exercise, and there ljs
no one beauty movement that equals it
for the rounding of the chest.
.At first one will feel terribly tired
from the swaying and will want to stop
and rest. The instant this feeling ia
manifest the beauty-seekar should pause
and rest, for nothing Is gained by over
doing the muscles.
The hollow* in the neck known' as. salt
cellars are, distressing , and no one ever
admires them. It* takes a very artistic
eye to like emaciation, and though thore
The Scrawny Heck.
her beauty she may allow to go to seed,
6he is exceedingly careful of her neck
and shoulders. . . ¦
LET me not lose my slender
throat." murmured a decaying
beauty, for without It T am noth
ing."
As well lose her head as the lines
of her throat, the knowing belle
will whisper to you; and then she will
secretly admit that, whatever portion of
is a.Frerich school which makes. a point
of depicting scrawniness. still as yet the
world in general has. failed to see beauty
in it.- ) /..- ¦••v-- r <'" " -- ¦.-,•..,;..,
The heavy neck,<the high^fat shoulders,
the awful double chin and the throat
pouches can all be cured, as well as the
neck that is Bcraggly.. . .; ,, :
The first, principle, of, shaping any .part
¦ You cannot have a handsome rieckup
less you .have a strong muscular, throat,' a
throat which you can control and which
can be held erect with' the chin properly
of the body lies in giving It exercise. ' You
cannot have a beautiful neck and chest
unless you will use them sufficiently to
exercise • the muscles and plump out the
tissues. -. ¦•,¦;-:.;; : ¦.:¦•. ¦¦.-.. <¦¦
lifted, as well; as one that -will turn and
bend and respond to the movements of the
body.-. .... ... ¦. . ¦•. .: <"•.•->•":..--,• - ¦ ¦' . ¦¦ .'.'¦.
¦' This 1 : is difficult to fully explain, but you
will understand ¦when you take 'notice of
the people who seem to' have stiff necks.
Have you never described a as
acting- as though hor.neck ;were stiff;
have you- never seen' one who seemed not
-."There is an exercise -for rounding the
| chest which is much practiced by thin
belles of society. This is the very simple
! one of lifting the hands, palms outward,
j until the fingers touch at the tips. The
.hands should meet Just over the head
and the fingers lightly kiss each other.
¦¦The elbows should be held out very
sharply so as to give the arms full play
and open the lungs. '
5 The lovely Princess of Pless, who la
said to be the handsomest woman in
'England, was advised to try this exer
cise for a flat chest. She was told to'
»iift her arms, with elbows protruding,
as many times as possible without be
| coming fatigued, and to touch the finger
tips over her head as she lifted her arms.
iff One should in mild weather practice
this in front of the window, so as to be
- sure -of good clear air. If dust-laden*
air were drawn into the lungs during
'this exercise the results might be very
distressing, if not positively injurious.
That is the difficulty with practicing
-in the stifling . atmosphere of a closed
, room. One does not benefit as one
should from the exercise, for the lungs
draw in impurities instead of taking
: in fresh air. . „
. For grace there is quite another
movement. ' It is the swaying one and
.'consists in- body bending ' as well as In
arm-swinging. .
. The .swaying movement for grace
should be practiced in pure air, v.'ith
the body as unclothed as possible. A
* warm undcr-garment might be put on,
and a light .loose drapery thrown around
¦the shoulders, merely for looks.
The one who, is exercising should
. seat herself and should bend the
body as far to one side as possible. The
head should incline at the same time
• and the arms be tossed over the head
and in the direction in % which the bodv
.is bending. • Lean as far as possible a't
.the side;untll the hands can barely tcuch
.each other.- "....¦'¦¦
Will You Be* Graceful?
¦This should be practiced from left to
right and' from right to left, many times,
until the movement is fully established In
the mind and until one gets the sway and
can do it without effort. ""- > •¦
able to turn her head very far? These
are the ones who need the beauty treat
ment along the lines of exercise.
The question of arms is a closely allied
one. You can scarcely have a pretty
throat unless you have pretty arms. too.
And in exercising for the one vou get
the other.
To Have Pretty Anns.
well into the scalp. A thorough washing
or shampooing is necessary twice a
month; when rinsing the hair after the
shampoo, put some alcohol or cologne in
the water. This will prevent the child
frctn catching cold. Too much stress
cannot be laid on the necessity at thor
oughly rubbing the hair with heated
towels after washing. Only soft water
should be used for nursery purposes, Tha
ends of the hair should be clipped onca
a month. Curling tonga are extremely
bad for children's hair; if locks abso
lutely must be curled — In "Uttla sugar
curls"— twist them at bed time in soft
cloths. The closely cropped head, turn
ing sweet, little darlings Into convict-Ilka
innocents, is no longer the fashion; in
stead, we have the "Columbus cut It
is the style in which our old friend Chris
topher Columbus used to wear his hair
when on exploring expeditions bent.
Shocks to the nervous system and
febrile disorders often cause squinting In
children. The old idea that the squinting
child needs a little skillful surgery and
nothing more is dying out. Glasses ara
often necessary, but that the child may
be taught to use the squinting eye Is a
new idea to many and the theory of a
learned London doctor. "Of course there
are parents and there are children," ho
says, "on whom all time and trouble
spent in- this way are entirely thrown
away, but on the whole I have been sur
prised at the care and patience with
which directions have been carried out,
and pleased with the results." Squinting
has often been brought on, the same doc
tor says, by a fall or a fright or often
by an illness, such as measles or whoop
ing cough.
The scientific treatment of physical da
fects has reached in these days a high
point of skill; many of nature's unkind
nesses may be overcome to a curious and
interesting extent. Marvelous things aro
done, by the dentist, who is a clever sur
geon in the way of straightening crooked
teeth and bringing into fair* and lovely
proportions the projecting Jaw that so
often mars a child's beauty and makes ita
after years uncomfortable. These are
now so easily achieved that there is no
reason for parents to allow a child to
grow up disfigured. When the second
teeth come, if they show a tendency to
project or lap. they should be pressed Into
their proper position, it ia very easy to
train teeth by regular pressure at certain
fixed times every day. The Instant thera
Is the least sign of decay or a dark spot
appears upon the tooth the child should
be taken to the dentist. . It is of Interest
'to the child's and the woman's or man's
pood looks, comfort and health that their
lirst teeth be preserved as long as possi
ble. One of the most Important functions
is to keep a place in the Jaw for the sec
ond set, and if the first fall out too soon
the second may come too soon and out of
their regular place; then the latter teeth
will not haVe room enough and will b»
twisted sideways or pushed in front of
or behind the others in the jaw. As soon
as a chna cuts Its first teeth the cleansing 1
process should begin by rubbing them
with a bit of linen, and as soon as it is
old enough to allow a brush in the mouth
it should be used at least twice a day. A.
very narrow brush should be the first one.
Children are apt to acquire a decided
liking for the cleansing taste of a few
drops of listerine used in the water with
which teeth are brushed and tha mouth
rinsed.
should be a parent's chief study. The
kitchen 'In which the meals are prepared
must be presided over with as much in
dulgence as if it were a chemical labo
ratory. And it is. The experiments con
ducted in it are of the utmost importance
: and on their results depend the bright
ness of the child's eyes, the clearness,
softness, satin smoothness of the skin. A
child's .cook' can do much to make the
child's flesh, flabby and coarse, sickly,
blotchy and Irritable. The cook can also
do much to make it ..elastic, pink-tinted
and dimpled. Milk and cereals. ¦ fruit,
beefsteak, nutritious broths and soups,
coarse bread made from whole wheat
I flour, and j simple sweets and puddings.
The child must eat at regular hours.
. Never coax a child to eat. Lack of in
clination often indicates lack of neces
sity. A drink of cold water ; the first
thing, in the morning and the last thing
at night rinses away the impurities that
have gathered all night or all day.
¦ A bath is, of course, part of the dally
routine- A warm "tub" In the morning,
and a quick, sponge bath at night; the
drying should be done carefully with a
soft towel. A child's delicate skin can
not stand harsh rubbing.
The nails, besides the daily attention,
should have a ten-minute treatment once
a week. Any detached cuticle must
be carefully trimmed ' away where
necessary, and the flesh about the
nail pressed away from It with a
soft piece of linen. This ought to be
•done daily. In this way the delicate flesh
about the finger tips will become firm
and hard, and the child will not suffer
from hang nails. . ,
'.Like everything else, children's locks"
' require careful cultivation. Both night
and morning the hair should be well
brushed, though much combing should be
avoided. In the way of nutrition for the
roots the occasional use of castor 'oil and
alcohol is advised, a small brush being
used, so as to rub the wash into the scalp.
One part castor oil to two parts alcohol
is the proper proportion. Another very
- good thing is sweet lard beaten to a
.'cream, with a few drops of perfume
added. Use this once a month, rubbing
THE SU2STDAY OAIiL.
15
A CHILD'S BEAUTY
TRAININGTHE SUNDAY CALL.
16PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUOT)AY^M^
"MANILA, May 3.-^Gerieral | Davis,', in
commariu of the American forceson the
/ »V ALL; /BUREAU, -/ 1406 G
C; STREET, }N."W.', WASHING- ".{
; TON, ,: May S.^Despite '-.. the ;
earnest | efforts to - conciliate: '
the \ Moros .of Mindanao, \ war .
-.', with. them-. Is in progress. Fol- '^
lowing hard upon the h.eels/of the' dis- .
patch: announcing .the surrender , of ; more'-,
than" 1000 r insurrectos on- the northern 'Isl-" j
andsv arid in the province: of .';• Misamls, •
Mindanao, came this "niessagefrom Major
General 1 Chaff ee: '; ."' ¦
Natives Qpen
Attack on
Troops;
FIRST GUNS ARE FIRED
IN WAR WITH THE MORO
HORDES ON MINANAO
YOUNG LADIES OF SACRAMENTO WHO 'HAVE'/ WITHDRAWN : >pOM
THE CONTEST FOR QUEENLY ' HONORS .DURING "' THE STREET
CARNIVAL BECAUSE OF ALLEGED FAVORITISM BY. COMMITTEE.
' I --^"Continued ;onTPage^Eighteen.^:vtj
WASHINGTON. May. .i— The ' President
to-day sent 'the nomination', of H.'- Clay
Evans to ; be Consul General in London' to
the Senate. ' ' '¦?:,
Evans "Will Go to London.
and Thousands of Native V
.:,';;/:¦ Dwellings. J.' '•-. -/' •:-. ¦'
CAIRO, Egypt, , May? 3.-Fifty :, persons
have perished; in ;av fire at -Mount* Ganitir
a; town on the right bank of the Damletti
,_ofr. the; Nile. : The flames \were
started by. the intensely ' hot weather 'pre
vailing. Thousands' of native' resldcrices
and : 200, stores were destroyed. \ ¦---*-.¦
Flames DestroylTwo Hundreds stores
FIFTY PERSONS } PERISH
..,,;¦ -,' ' : . " ; * 'IN .EGYPTIAN • FIRE
Bimetallists.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. May 3.— William
J. Bryan an< * Governor William Jennings
rjf Florida were the guests of the Bir
mingham Bimetallic Club at a banquet
here to-night. Many prominent. Ala
bamans were present. During his speech
Mr. Bryan Intimated that he would not
igain be a candidate for the Presidency.
In referring to the subject he likened
himself to Aaron, who, he. said, assisted
Moses by leading the children out of the
R-nderness by his public utterances. He
tald he was perfectly willing to let some
»ther person take the part of Moses.
Kills -Herself on Parents': Graves.'
NEW YORK, May'<3.-In ; the Sleepy
Hollow .Cemetery, on , the graves, of' -. her
father* and and not far! from the
tomb of^.Washington; Irving, whom f she
had-; known' in her" youth, and; whose
works.:had yalways- fascinated, her, .Miss
Mafia . Hoffmann, v 70 years i of age,
ended "' her (existence', with morphine. ;Miss
Hoffmann's* mother belonged to/ an old
Southern r family.' Her means had grad
ual ly: dwindled-. away,*- anfl she ended i her
life rather' than seek aid from friends. " : -
Ncbrafkan Makes This Intimation
During' a Speech to Alabama
EEYAN NOT SEEKING
A THIRD NOMINATION
Practicing physicians followed 5 with
statements drawn from their own experi
ence/ Dr. Endemann asserted that.alco
hollsts/succumbed to tubercule 'bacillus
much rooreieasily than others, and Dri
Martens' said the mortality m all diseases
was -three or four times greater. in the
case of alcoholists than among: abstainers,
comparing ,of equal physical
strength.. • * ,
on proper occasions he liked to get a good
drink. .But he was deeply impressed with
the Injury inflicted In Germany by. the ex
cessive indulgence in . drink. The ; Ger
mans, he added, spend three billion marks'
per year in' drink— twice the amount iof
the army and navy budgets— and 180,000
persons were brought before the ; courts
through, drink. He condemned the drink
ing cult In the universities, saying it, was
a jolly life while it lasted,, but It had
many- tragical sequels.
' BERLIN, May 3.— Count ; Douglass, ; a
descendant of a Scotch soldier of fortune,
has proposed a resolution in the Prussian
Diet, asking the Ministry to bring in a
bill imposing more rigid restrictions^ on
the liquor traffic. Ail parties except the
Radicals supported the measure and the
Radicals did not speak against it. The
resolution of Count Douglass , set/ forth
that he was no abstainer himself and that
Movement to Restrict Sale of
Stimulants.
Members of Prussian Diet. Favor
WARRING ON LIQUOR '¦
. IN THE FATHERLAND
Colonel Woodruff, concluding, said:
• ( '.'General ; Smith , faces the conscience of
the court 'and .people •.with, the full knowl
edge that'he did his duty as an honorable
commander."
. The* judge advocate, ' Major Ilaryey C.
CarbaughV In closing for the v prosecution
declared ' the ."defense ; admitted /every thing
and: that it. only claimed justification.; He"
said; General orders given to Ma
jor Waller on the bloody battle ground of
Baling] ga. were such as to cause men to
act 'ruthlessly,- in a'spirlt'of revensa.
HIS CONSCIENCE CLEAR.
at length", showing the : necesslty for mak
ing Sainar a "howling; wilderness", and
comparing the .- campaign In that Island
,wlth : the "strenuous"* march to the sea,
whose route was marked .by ; a cloud : of
smoke by- day and by. a pillar of fire by
night." !
¦ The colonel cited Instances of -military
, law , In behalf of the defense and dramat
ically-portrayed General Smith's career. ¦
"Now," continued .Colonel , Woodruff,
"after • wearing . for forty-one years the
uniform. of the United States with honor
to himself, and, to the benefit of the Gov
ernment; at the . close of a remarkably
successful campaign, in which he accom
plished ..what. Spain was unable to do in
200 years; while; returning, as his frierida
thought, • covered with glory." he • was
! halted and taken off a ' transport to face
\ charges growing out of the language used
in • giving Instructions for the conduct of
a successful campaign. 'The defense feela
that _the Government has only done this
in deference to overwhelming public senti
ment based. on. rumors fostered for igno
ble and unknown purposes • until hysteria
was -produced, - when this gray, wounded^
.victorious general was exposed to the ia-
I dignity, of a* trial in deference to hysteri
cal public, opinion." - :
JUSTIFIES THE ORDER.
,¦ Hi- -1 1 111' iimi ft - Mlil
Colonel Woodruff reviewed the evidence
credit . upon . the valor, pluck, humanity
and kindness of American' soldiers."
' "We claim;"! '. continued the colonel,
."that ; the Sariiar. campaign.; just > brought
to^a successful termination, while pushed
actively." vigorously ¦ arid energetically",
was 'ever conducted within the : limits /of
: vi'ar.; " During ; the "las t • few ' months It has
seemed ' popular.^ to > criticize ; are ;army ' iii
the PhiljppinesV. ; People' seem to* have forl
gotten J lts 1 services • for Amer
ica's' honor' and '.glory. -We have been
worthy/members 1 of the'army^ whose^bayo
riets' never. ; • flashed except : in "defense of
th'e^law.'. '-Yetvtb-day . we ¦ are; apparently
I', cannot"; imagine' thai
people at :.hqine i expecCto ¦ gain glory and
political- ¦^advancemejht .by ;. abusing the
"army.-. .It -was /tried 'after -the*' Mexican
war. tried after '_ the '' Civil /War;
with"; the^ result; that; Grant, /'the/butcher,'
was elected •President 'arid .died loved and
honored by- every, American.. While the
campaigns. ; in ; the 1 Philippines - have not
been 'conducted, to meet ;th'e. views 'of, sen
tiirieritalists .and 'troublesome., biisybodlea
in' the'.Unlted-State»,;they have bVe'n'coni
ducted ~ on, 1 lines which -have * reflected
LIKENS SMITH TO GRANT.
'¦¦ y ¦¦"•:¦ ¦¦ .: I .Washington. ¦ . • ; ; '
jJ.The, closing • address "of Colonel . Charles
A^" .Woodruff «f or ..the \ defense ; was ' a- re
markable-oratorical: effort,, that drew
tears « from"; his hearers. .He dramatically
sketched General . Smith's .career, and de
clared': heyhad! conducted j' a. ;'remarkable
and- successful ', campaign In a manner
.which' reflected,' credit on / his":, valor, 'hu
manity and'.kiridness! .
Speaking in impassioned .tones, Colonel
,W6odruff said that in: olden .times vic
torious -' generals tied captives; to the
chariots.; .; In this the general finds
himself, tied. v Sentiment was can excellent
"thing," but UhereMs no place for it in war.'
Smiths Trial by Court-Martial Ends With
] Appeal r by His Counsel
' tb -w-ANiLA./aiay 3.-:The trial by.
'/¦ iB > court-martial ,' ; of. General
*-/¦/¦• Jacob ;H.. Smith fended/to
¦;/¦;; W) ; ¦ •¦ "day"/ The findings -of the
: JL.~ -„; V , . JR.' .-"court will ¦ be ; forwarded'.; to
Villages in the neighborhood are desert
ed. Bt. Pierre, the most important town
or. the island,' Is covered with ashes and
business Is suspended.
enormous mass of flames shot from the
rrater, accompanied by suffocating fumes,
.arkij^cs and destructive, showers of
eshes.
Mount Pelee, a volcano which has long
been considered extinct, its last eruption
having occurred in 1S51, suddenly became
active eight days ago. Yesterday an
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I.. May 3.— Great
damase- fas done by a volcanic
eruption on the French West Indian isl-
Itnd of Martinique yesterday and to-day.
Ftoih Crater Long Considered
Extinct.
FUmes and Showers of Ashes Issue
VOLCANIC ERUPTION ON
ISLAND OF MARTINIQUE
COMMITTEE EXPLAINS.
On behalf of the street fair committee
It is claimed that the, committee cannot
help it if the candidates give heed to
Ktcrl"? circulated with design by enthusi
astic supporters of other candidates. Tht.
• .-The' fineness 'of the 1 silver used was not
interfered with and .the .metal therefore
has' almost the hardness of steel.' /The
.weight ¦'.'of i the • coins : used . was about 1500
ounces and: at. the present price of silver
represents a. value of $600, but' t nearly six
times 5 that -was required to pur
chase the .coin from the Government. '.r."]
: The [presentation;, of .the service will be
made ; next; Wednesday' at the home of
ThGddpre.Mai.burg in this city, whotwith
former Postmaster;; General: ••¦Jamesli'A;' 1
Gary, andj lyes ; Cobb of ...Washington com
prise • the; commission .in; charge of -'its
manufacture/ ¦ ; •;
BALTIMORE, May 3.— The magnificent,
silver service made- from silver ;. coins
taken from', the Spanish .cruiser Cristobal
Colon./to; be -presented to . Admiral Wiii
field Scott . Schley by his ; friends'; in;' this
State andinr Washington, has been; com
pleted /arid^is ;'on : exhibition/ in. the : show
windows .. of ; the manufacturers "i in : this
city. "•. The:servlce*:.consists of one center
piece, -one" soup tureen and ['¦ ladle',' .four,
vegetable dishes 'with covers, ?orie"; gravy
bowl- and ; ladle, one roast platter; one ;
game Splatter," one fish platter and .nine
teen, dessert plates. Upon each piece is
engraved ¦-''Admiral ¦ Schley's initials • in
monogram, and each bears this-inscrlp'
'tlon/'vv 1 /^ ;;';-. ; ; ; ;; ;^ ¦/;¦;¦'.,
VMade of silver taken from the Spanish cruiser
CrlstolW Colon. : destroyed In I the naval battlp
off : Santiago] de 'Cuba July .3," iggg.
Cristobal Colon.
From the Spanish Cruiser
Pieces Are Made From Coins Taken
UNIQUE , SILVER SERVICE
;/ TO BE GIVEN TO SCHXEY
island of Mindanao, • cables. that his ulti
matum I has not been answered;" that his
messenger has not returned,] and that the
American/ outpost « was fired j upontthis
morning. , T'V 5 troops advanced:"- 'and 1
shelled a' Moro fort, but did! not capture
it | until the infantry reached- the. V ditch.
This ; fort ..was [ strong arid ; well defended
by 300men. ; ' : '
¦ "Fort Panda ; Padto" was then; surround;
ed'and heavily, shelled. ; Heavy i firing con
tinued' as this dispatch !was sent. ;; !
> "General "Davis .also: reports'* that'..Lieu
tenant ; Henry,- S : , Wagner^of ; the ; Four
teenth'Infantry has been seriously, wound
ed fand that;;twerity enliBted, "men/ were
wounded.- . This'; is the •substance.;': of '. a
brief cable message from ; the field." I
MEANS "WAR 'TO A FINISH. 1
„ ¦¦ A. cop"y. "of , the ! foregoing /dispatch was
communicated;: to', the. : President and was;
the subject -of ¦ \ serious ' considerations by
himself and the members, 'of his.Cablnet.'
It was decided that,'; as the; Moro, war. had .
been ;:beguri'. the-: best [" policy . to ;pursiie :
Was-' to /disperse .the. men' opposing; the
American" forces. Major General, Chaff ee
has" been give>i • to, understand the > yiews
of ; the '•President.';.. • ;. . . ' . ._ ; '. / ' ' ' '
It^is feared that; as a result of the hos
tilities'; all of -the fighting men; of the na|
tives'of .the Lake ¦ Lanao' region, number;
I rig '250,000 : souls, .will participate, in
movement '[. to .' drive the Americans, out o t
that /section -of Mindahad. 'There are '1500
troops under •Brigadier'- : General cbavls,'
arid-it is said^ atthe department thatj this;
force is sufficient 'to re-establish JpeaW.
The'Moros-are credited ;withi,haylng. ; 6nly
600 rifles. ;JGoverribr ,Taft :T of,.the; v .Phillp^
pine!: Islands ; was '. in conference }¦ this -aft;
ernoon /w'itli. Secretary ;Root.' : / / ; -' .-: /;
-There -is .'no; more /connection
the T ,war with the Moros^of 'Mindanaoiand:
'the late' ; war', in '.'the '.'.; Christian
provinces than there' was . during , the ; Civil
War between i the Indian .fights in the; far.
West and/the battles, between fUnionfand;
Confederate /forces": 1 ..-Th'e£ FJliplnp jhsuN.
rectlori is broken' up, and. even in Mlsamis;
which is close to where .the. Moros; live;
'The following maids of honor from out
side localities to the Sacramento May
committee asserts that , the voting has
been conducted in a perfectly fair man
ner and that it is ready to investigate
any charges of irregularities filed with
the committee in a proper manner./ Miss
Cooper's . friends intended -to poll a -very
heavy additional vote* for her,' and^oOO (n
gold was returned to its donors/ which
would have bought votes for her had: she
remained in the contest. Several hundred
dollars was also raised in Truckee, Chfco,
Marysville and other places with which
to purchase votes for her. , '
GENERAL WHO IS ---COMMAND OF THE AMERICAN FORCES' NOW OPERATING "AGAINST THE MORO
FANATICS Of MINDANAO. ;AND THE OFFICER WHO A-VEARED AS COUNSEL FOR GENERAL SMITH
- DURING THE' MILITARY iCdURT-MARTIAL THAT HAS. JUST/ENDED IN" MANILA. "-V-" '.,.
1 "You are gpingto.a country where en
ergy - is: a religion ¦ and i/ wish you -.the
good we.come 1 which that mighty: people
beyond ' the "ocean has ever reserevdi for
those ; who had gone ' there ; ~tto \ represent
France."' - -'¦¦ -.¦/¦<;•• :..\ ' . ¦ ¦ ¦ y. ¦ r -
¦PARIS, May 3.— President . Loubet .'this
evening received in audience the Roecham
beau < mission' previous to its departure
for.the United States and made a speech,
during. the course; of which he said: '¦¦'¦¦
LOUBET r RECEIVES
; ; ROECHAMBEAU MISSION
LONDON. .. May 4.— A dispatch to the
Central" News from Rome says Princess
Beatrice i de '• Borrone, :; daughter of ; Don
Carlos, the Spanish pretender,; attempted
suicide by' drowning herself in [ the Tiber,
hut was ; rescued. Private' troubles are
supposed to have p'rompted the act. .
Private Troubles Prompt Daughter of
. • '. Don : Carlos, Spanish Pretender,
. \ /to Court Death. ¦
ATTEMPTS TO V DROWN,
HERSELF IN THE
SACRAMENTO, May 3. — The -\ May
Queen contest committee made an official
count of the number of votes cast ifor the
two leading: contestants up to 6 o'clock
this evening.-' when the open ballot closed/
Miss Fay 'Jackson had 49,666 and Miss
Gertie* Plumb 44.84S. The ballot boxes
have been, sealed up and the secret vote
will . continue until Monday night, when
the "final vote will be counted and-an
nounced. -
queen have thus far been selected: .Mies
Clara 'Hbag; Corning; Miss Stella Hogan.
Stockton; Miss Elaine Davis, Santa Rosa;
Miss Daisy Carmichael, Oak \Park;.-Mlss
Florette -.Woodward, Folsom. 'a'--
poll a heavy vote from the Southern Pa
cific shops, in announcing her with
drawal said it had come to her ears that
she could not win and she did not want
her friends to waste more money on her.
Miss Ruby Cooper, who had led the vot
ing for several days, in a card to the pub
lic cays there are many tnlngs which have
been changed from those at first repre
sented. She says that, although these
things may not have happened through
favoritism, yet it appears to her such is
the case, and that she believes she can
avert unpleasantness by withdrawing
from the contest. Miss Maude Walsh,
while extremely polite, is nevertheless
more pointed in her remarks.
"In entering the contest," she said, "I
was led to believe the street fair man
agement was neutral, which does not ap
pear to be a fact."
Asked to-day for an explanation of this
• charge, the said friends had informed her
that they had put in over 200 votes for
her which the recorded returns did not
account for.
MISS KRUTTSCHNITT OUT.
Miss Kruttschnitt, who was expected to
SACRAMENTO, May y 3.— The
beautiful young woman who is
to be queen of the May festi
val will probably not have to
"wade through slaughter to a
throne," but nevertheless she
Is not likely to rise to her high estate
•without leaving behind considerable
heart-burnings and shattered hopes.
Since yesterday three prominent candi
dates for the crown and scepter have
•withdrawn from the contest. ' and, more
than that, they have made public their
reasons, in which are delicately veileJ
hints of unfair play.
First, Miss Clara Kruttschnltt, who is
a cousin of Julius Kruttschnitt. general
manager of „ the Southern Pacific Com
pany, withdrew, and 6he was followed in
several hours by Miss Ruby Cooper and
Miss Maude Walsh. This leaves prac
tically only two candidates in the field-
Miss Fay Jackson and Miss Gertrude
Plumb, and it will be next Monday night
before the voting is completed and the
choice determined.
Three Young Ladies
Leave the Queen
Contest.
" 'All of the Democrats will vote ;for = the
bill and it. Js now thought enough Repub
licans from the arid land States will join
them to "insure , its passage. The 'Far
Western Republicans are in .the.combina
tion for* the purpose of getting national
irrigation votes. "'•//'/-/(
An incident. which nas helped along |the
agitation for admission "is the petition
against- it which has been sent to- Con
gress by -the Woman's Board-bf _ Presby
terian Missions of »New. York. The argu
ment of this petition is the that
ies should not be admitted to Statehood on
account of -the general ignorance of their
citizens.- This has excited not only" the
residents of the Territories named, but ail
of. their, friends in neighboring States?. ,
WOMEN I MAKE A BLUNDER.
. Dennis Flynn, the. Republican
from V Oklahoma,* is.* probably '."the'? only,
member of his party who could be elected
from that State, arid: this is entirely on
account of. his personal "popularity. • ' -> '.
In spite - of the opposition^ of -all the
House leaders/, the .bill is-likely to pass,
because there is a combination in its favor
of all of the Democrats and arid land Re
publicans 'west of the Mississippi River
as combination .that": may,; for the 1 second
time in a month, overthrow the Speaker
and his followers..- WifV 1 . ,-/.
' The control of the next House may de
pend vfpori the admission of these Terri
tories, and .'eventually,' alsoj the ; political
complexion of the- Senate. It might -turn
the Presidential clectionin . 1304. Party
leaders are' just waking ¦.„• to the im
portance of the measure and the dangers
which it involves, but It is feared they arc
too late. Chairman>.Knox of the commit
tee which reported bill -Will work for
its passage. ., :•_ '..¦ /'j : ¦ ' . ¦¦ ,• * ¦ \i- ¦
SIX , DEMOCRATIC SENATORS.
According to; the present; state of i politi
cal affairs^ the, admission of Oklahoma,
and , -New, Mexico ¦ would mean-six
Democratic Senators -and at least five or
six Democratic^ Representatives..-?..- . - . . •
/The new] States of North and South Da
kota', 'Montana, • Idaho,, Wyoming •' and
•Washington, 'which were admitted during
.the-Ijjftyrflrs^^^
.the "oVer thr^w^o^t he^Republican"; party iri
y vfifh:tiic exception
ofjN^cirth'Dafetar w «ll^yre"TJttDemoe'ratlc ; pn
the* silver iissue/iwhlch^was'; not expected
when they were admirted.ri.W-N ' i '¦•'¦ -
•. /-The dangerin the proposed admission-of
Oklahoma^ Arizona and 3 New ' Mexico is
still greater.; 1 f 6f_7ttiey > arVfaimqst •' certain
to go Democratic) next fall andpractically
certain^ to choose* Democratic, Electors in
1304/ ¦!' V ' :"v.''-: \ : -; . ,/\: .'"//, '/A /;; /. ,
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, ;N.;
W., WASHINGTON, May.-
leaders, in 'the Senate,, the' House and' the
National . Committee. - are' thoroughly
alarmed at the prospect of the passage .by
this Congress', of /the- omnibus Territory
bill, . which " provides for the admission ; to
Statehood of Oklahoma, Arizona/and New
Mexico. Tliis measure. has been reported
favorably by. the House Committee on
Territories,' is now on the House" calendar
and is privileged. It will be taken up
early next 'week, probably on Tuesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Outlook 'Alarms the
Republican Party
Leaders.
Would Give the Dem=
ocrais Six More
Senators.
Pass Statehood
Wf&VBiiim
Congress Likely to
SACRAMENTO BELLES
HINT AT FAVORITISM
AND SCORN TUB CROWN
MAY ADD
STARS TO
THE FLAG
The San Francisco Call.
Pages 17 to. 28
VOktTME XCI— KO. 155.
liiiilOpportunity takes a mean advantaya of
most^jpeople by going around disguised.
SAN JOSE, May* 3.— Maurice O'Leary, a
May field . schoolboy, died yesterday at
that place aa tho result of an accident
•which occurred on Thursday. "While play
ing ball in the schoolyard O'Leary was
accidentally struck on the head with tho
bat. His skull was fractured and he died
after an operation had been performed.'
Baseball Accident Causes Death.
The sorts of Batansas and Lajuna provinces
and the Island of Mindoro opened for resump
tion of - trade at noon on May 1. Tha pert*
of Samar will be opened in thus coura* of a
few days. I deem it best to give aom« days
warning, because of the presence of cholera.
rendered at Oroquleta, fourteen officers. 200
men. 10 rifles. 275 bolos. «
Since the surrender of Malvar. on April 1C,
Colonel Hernandes. 89 officers, 6O noH-eom
missloned officers. 200 men and 110 guns, sur
rendered on - April 21, in Santa . Tomas and
Batangas. Other surrenders In smaller num
bers have been made, at many points in La
guna and Eatangas provinces.
Guerrera and 1 colonel. 3 lieutenant colontla,
5 majors, 14 captains, 42 lieutenants. 12 civil
ian officials, 241 riflemen, and '496 bolomen sur
rendered at - Catbalogan, Saniar. on April 28
and 27. turning: in -115 Maxims, 29 Reming
tons, 34 Mausers. 14 miscellaneous, and 8000
rounds . of ammunition, - of which 7300 were
Krags. Prisoners beine sent to th«ir homes.
So far as at present known to me the larg
est, number of armed men now opposed to the
Government In the provinces are in • Leyte.
They number - about 1400 rifles. This report
was delayed to. secure figures from Samar.
- THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY* ,4, % 1902^
I WASHINGTON, May 3.— L. E. Halleck
of Boston, . formerly of the Twenty-sixth
yolunteer Infantry,, testified to-day .before
the Senate Committee on -the Philippines
concerning r the, u's4. v of;;the'. > Vwater..curo"; 1
in the~ Philippine 'archipelago. Halleck
told of the infliction of the. cure upon a
dozen natives at the town of Leon, Pro
vince of Panajr, on> August 21 and, 23; 1900.
They were captured and tortured in order
to obtain information of. the murder of
Privates O'Hearne of Company I, who
had been not only killed, but roasted and
otherwise tortured before death ensued.
Captain Glenn, in charge of a scouting
party, had first obtained a confession of
participation in this crime by one native,
who had implicated twelve others. These
were, the witness said, taken . to Leon,
where his company, under command of
Captain Gregg, was stationed, and there
the "cure" was administered. -
"Who inflicted the cure?"
¦ "Members of Company I."
"Were they ordered tc- do so?"
"They were— by First Sergeant J. Man
ning, who is now in Boston. (V '
Halleck added that he had witnessed
the torture but had not participated in it.
While the torture was in progress Cap
tain Gregg was at th» company headquar
ters, less than 100 yards distant. ,
"Did Captain Gregg know of the tor
ture?" Senator Rawlins asked, .
"All the command knew it and I don't
see how he could have helped knowing 1 it "
Asked what became of the Philippine
prisoners to whom the "cure" was ad
ministered, he replied that 'they were
placed in a guardhouse 20x25 feet in 'size,
in which there was one window; .arid, in
which there were at times eighteen men
confined. The twelve prisoners were kept
for- four or five months and then , they
tried to escape. That effort had been sue-,
cessf ul on | the part of some, but five or
six fleeing prisoners were shotiand killed
One of them had been killed while try
ing to get away when the' squad was
taken ; to the river for a bath, and the
Natives at Leon.
Former Soldier Tells of Torturing of
"WATER CUBE" FOB TWELVE.
Foraker took .sharp exception to the
criticism of Governor. Taft made by Cul
berson. ¦ , • • ,V ,.-¦•'/;¦ .••• ¦"•
Patterson of Colorado declared that, the
record, in his opinion, fully justified - the
criticism of the lack of frankness of Gov
ernor Taft made by Culberson. Without
concluding his remarks,"Patterson yielded
the floor, as he said he understood that a
report -of the death of Representative
Amos.J. Cummings of New York, was on
the President's desk.
The resolutions adopted by the House of
Representative* concerning .the death of-
Representative Cummings were laid be
fore the Senate. Depew of New- York of
fered a resolution - expressive ;e.f the sor
row of the Senate . at the, death of • Mr.-
Cummings and providing that the chair
appoint a committee of five to join a like
committee of the House in making ar
rangements for the funeral. The resolu
tion was adopted and Senators Platt "of
New York, Kean of New Jersey, Penrose
of Pennsylvania. Jones of Arkansas and
Bailey of Texas were named as- the com
: mittee. The Senate, as a further mark
of respect, adjourned. "
the charges, Immediately upon their re
ception, to the press for wide'dissemina
tion. -'• • . i :. ¦ :"¦ -.-¦¦ ., .,
Spooner was interrupted "by Carmack of
Tennessee, who said ,the; complaint - waa
that the charges had not been ¦ furnished
to the Philippine Committee.
; "That is,' r said Spooner, "that they had
not been-madei public. .We, have heard
nothing from thei minority, except 'sup
pression, . suppression, suppression," and
yet every possible effort is being made
by. the department to ascertain the facts
and. to punish the guilty."
Ihe minority, he insisted, urged- that
Major Gardener be brought here to Wash
ington to repeat his charges before thei
Philippine Committee against his com
rades, who were- 8000 miles away. The
sense of decency of the world, he de
clared, would be shocked by such action.
Major Gardener, he said, had not asked
to come here and give his testimony. Why
he had not asked he dl4 not know. Per
sonally he was ' not given to insinuation,
as the minority seemed to be. If he were
he, .too, might , say some caustic things
about Major Gardener's report. -
Foraker defended Governor Taft against
the charge that he had withheld Major
Gardeners report. s
Lodge here took the floor io withdraw
his request that the resoluti.on lie on the
table, adding that he preferred to have
the question passed upon : now. . ' \ j>'
Replying to the Republican Senators
Rawlins said that ihis only Intention in
bringing the Gardener matter to the,: at
tention of the Senate had been to develop
the status; of the case. He did not want
to besmirch the army, but he did want
a full inquiry to discover the guilty arid
have them punished, while the innocent
may be exonerated. He said the minority
were "met everywhere with " objections
and obstruction."- ¦ • ;•
-. "I call the Senator from. Utah to order,"
said Lodge. "No Senator has a right to
charge any other Senator with obstruc
tion." -•- . - ¦
' Rawlins referred to the case of Private
Riley and quoted .the Secretary of War
as saying. in connection with it that pri-/
vate soldiers were inclined to "draw the
long bow" In writing home of occurrences
in the Philippines, which, he said, was it
self a severe reflection on the army. Con
trary to the Secretary's statement, he
said, the charges of the privates had been
sustained. ' ' • ¦. • , : -
Lodge— The Riley case is the only one
that has been sustained.
- Rawlins— The . Riley ., ease, is j the only
one that haa been. fully investigated.
Without replying, Lodge gave notice of
a speech next Monday.- | ¦.'•*¦• ¦¦ ¦ \-- : -
Culberson replied to Foraker's reference
to Governor Taft, saying Taft had showri
a lack of candor in- connection' with the
withholding of the report of Major Gar
dener. :' . . r
¦ On April '- X9, ' Ruflo surrendered at Isco
Ne'sros^J I orty- three .: men " and nine suns; on
April 22. Marell; Luyo' surrendered at ; Isabella.'
Negros," 44 menial rifle, .44 bol^a and"7.dag
gers; 1 on' April fl8.\ Reflno da - Loso, . chief of
forcp, ; Mlsamls, Province ot . Mindanao, sur-
¦WASHINGTON,* May 8.— Adjutant
eral ¦ Corbln .to-day received the ¦ following
cablegram from General .Cbaftee, dated
Manila, to-day: i 1 : . *,- _>'
Toward Pacification.
LAEGE FORCES STTRREITDER.
General Chaffee? Reports Progress
others when at v; orl\ In a . general rush
for liberty. : •
• "Were- all- the - prisoners- wha did net
escape killed?" • _ .. -,'
."Ifthfnk so,' with one exception; I think
one. wast given his freedom." ' . •, '
Hallock said. that he had been, present
when a.-,villageef 3000 ox .4000 inhabitants
had been burned and that the occupants
of --houses had not- had- time to carry out
the furniture. He had known of three or
four other cases of ;auch destruction of
property, but had not. been: an -eye-wit
ness... - • * - ' -"- '• •' \ ' ' "'¦ -- - ¦
In reply to other questions, Halleck said
the report .was current, among the..sol
¦diers that the administration of the
"water cure" was common when they de
sired to obtain information from, natives.
He also said that during hl3 entire'ser
vice, in the. Philippines he had known .of
the killing of probably 200 or 300 natives,
mostly In battle, and of the killing of
probably twenty Americans. \
; Senator Lodge brought out the details
of the murder of Private O"Herne. The
¦ witness said, that. in June, 1900, O'Herne,
withHwo other members: of the company,
•had been sent to Holla for mall and that
on their return. on June, 30 they were am
bushed by 100 natives, and O'Herne's com
panions were captured. O'Herne had
made a dash to get away, and,. after es
caping from I the attacking party, had
fallen in -with- otner natives supposed to
be friendly, but that instead of proving to
be' so they, had devoted the entire next
day to his torture and death, beginning
at daylight by cutting nim with bolos and
then roasting, him all day toy a slow fire,
not finishing 'until night. All these de
tails, the witness said, had been gathered
from the 'confessions of the men to wnom
.they had given the -"water dure." .
• 'Senator Patterson asked a number of
questions intended' to develop the fact as
to whether the native prisoners had been
informed ' as ; to the character of the in
formation sought, but did not elicit any
thing important from - the witness. He
did, however, succeed in causing Senator
Beveridge to make' protest against his
method of-imiuiry. which brought on a
xolloQuy between the two Senators.
: . Beveridge . declared that in a trial court
persistence .in > such questions as Patter
son was putting "would render an attor
ney liable to a fine for contempt i of
court," to whieh>Patterson replied that
"such interruptions as those of the Sena
tor from Indiana 1 .would not only render
him, liable to a fine for contempt, but also
be cause for, sending him To jail." ;--.-¦.
v.To this exchange Burrows added jocu
larly:^ "Sent to Jail or subjected to the
water cure?" ..,'¦? -. ¦ -
In reply to a • question" from Sena
tor Burrows; Hallock said he had seen the
bodies of four of the native prisoners who
had been s shot by^the soldiers while try-
Ing to make their escape, but that he had
not' seen the actual. shooting. : \.
The committee then went into executive
session. ' .-.:'"..¦ .-•.-:
"At 11 o'clock the troops attacked and
took the forty without loss. Thirteen
hundred yards beyond is another fort, the
strongest one. and we attacked it. A
dispatch from " General - Davis , says our
troops surrounded the fort at 3 o'clock.
Firing was. in progress at 3 o'clock.
About twenty men were wounded, also
First Lieutenant Henry S. 'Wagner (Gen
eral Davis" aid), and Lieutenant Josman,
Twenty-flftb Infantry, former secretary."
•"-¦.-'.•..' i.-*.."" j i' ; j;'-«* 1 V v . > i'-. .*."•$ •".* = : ¦*.¦.•¦;. ' ' .' , v ;
"After much effort to talk with Datto
Bayan, Brigadier General. W. Davis de
manded on May 1 that the murderers and
horses be given up or that Datto send a
peace delegation to talk with him by
noon of ; May 2. - The message was deliv
ered at -noon -on May 1. The messenger
had not returned at 11 o'clock on May 2.
During the night our troops were fired
upon, but did not reply. The Moros again
fired on the troops on the morning - of
May 2. Squads went out and drove off
approaching Moros.
WASHINGTON. May 3.— The War De
partment to-day received a cablegram
from General Chaffee, dated May 3, which
contained the following:
How the War With the Moros Had
Its Beginning.
CHAFFEE SENDS DETAILS.
order No. ICO, and the treatment of natives as
required In circular 0. dated December 24, 1901,
and circular 2, dated February 13, 1902, from
these headquarters, the brigade commander di
rects that It any treatment of natives which
could possibly be construed as being In viola
tion of general order No. 100 bai occurred at
any. station in this brigade at any time such
action must cease.
All officers are enjoined to see that natives
are always treated in such manner by United
States forces that said treatment cannot be
criticized by any one. Hereafter all possible
effort* will be used to persuade the natives to
borne into garrisoned towns to live. In order
that they be kept under observation, and ef
forts to this end should be made by all scout
ing parties, which, if persuasion is of no avail,
should endeavor to capture all persons seen and
they should then be taken to the garrisoned
towns. In this way those yet outside our gar
risoned towns will be diminished in numbers
and the available source of Insurrecto recruits
and succor reduced to a minimum.
¦ By comirand of Brigadier Smith. '
W. E. AYER, Captain Twelfth Infantry.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The latest
order received by the War Department
from General Smith follows:
Headquarters Sixth Separate Brigade. — Tac
loban^ Leyte. March 18. 1902. — Circular No. .4. —
The following: telegram from the' division tjom
rr.ander received at these headquarters is com
municated for general information and guid
ance:
, "Division Headquarters, March 4, 1902. —
General Smith, Tacloban : , Do you know'
whether or not troops under your command
practice v.-ater cure on natives? If any " truth
In report forbid It. * CHAFFEE."
In order that there may be no misunderstand
ing regarding the strict enforcement of general
Be Humanely Treated.
Commands That Filipino Prisoners
SMITH'S LATEST ORDER.
SENATOBS IN BITTER DEBATE.
Republican Leaders Defend Adminis-
tration's.Philippine Policy.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— Discussion of
tho Philippine question became heated in
the Senate to-day. Thus far the minority
practically has had a clear field in the de
bate, the policy of the majority being to
p.ermit the criticism by the Democratic
members of the body to proceed without
interruption. ' • ;
To-day it was different. Spooner of
Wisconsin, Lodge of Massachusetts^and
Foraker of Ohio became aroused. They
spoke in defense of the administration, of
the army and of Governor Taft, and they
spoke hotly, almost unrestrainedly. The
result was one 'of the most spirited/de
bates 1 that yet has occurred orj the Philip
pine question. While the debate took a
wide range .it f revolved, around the reso
lution calling for Major Gardener, in the
Philippine Islands, to appear as soon as
possible before the Philippine -Committee
as a 'witness. A cablegram from General,
Chaffee was read by Lodge, saying that
It was impracticable for Gardener to leave
the islands at present.' '•• ¦¦ .
No action had been taken upon the res
olution when the Senate adjourned on ac
count, of the death of Representative
Amos CUmmings of New York.
At the conclusion of • routine business
the resolution previously offered by Pat
terson of Colorado requesting the Presi
dent to cause the Secretary of War to
cable Major Cornelius Gardener, In the
Philippines, to come to Washington to ap
pear as a witness before the Philippine
Committee was laid before the Senate. •
Lodge '¦ of Massachusetts, chairman of
the Philippine Coirimittee, explained that
when It had been ¦ learned that Major
Gardener's regiment would not leave the
Philippines until about June 15 the com
mittee had decided to secure, if possible,
Major Gardener's presence as ' ¦ soon as
possible. Later It was found that Major
Gardener had filed no specifications of his
charges. The committee then rescinded
its action- calling for Major Gardener.
Yesterday, he said, the War Department
was notified that Major Gardener had
filed a few indefinite specifications, men
tioning the name of only one officer.
When an investigation was ordered Ma
jor Gardener l complained that' the inves
tigation had developed into an attack
upon him and he asked for counsel. A
board was appointed to- investigate Gard
ener's charges, and some,- time probably
would elapse before' 'the ¦¦ board,- could
make its report. Under the circumstances
the Philippine Committee had thought
well to permit Major Gardener an oppor
tunity to place before the Philippine au
thorities the truthfulness of his charges;
Rawlir.s of Utah said it was evident
that Major Gardener thought the investi
gation to be made of his charges was in
unfriendly hands. He . said vthe bias of
General Chaffee, as shown in his cable
gram, indicated that Major Gardener was
unwilling to submit himself to an investi
gation by officers who had been the sub
ject of his criticism. Now, Rawlins said,
it was proposed to go through the farce
of awaiting the specifications filed by'Ma
jor; .Gardener. and: the result, of 'an inquiry
made by the^ board. He sympathized with 1 '
this motives of the Washington officials
that the charges should be fully investi
gated, but he held that some, tribunal
ought to be selected to make the investi
gation without posslbility^of the charge
of partiality. He believed that the com
mittee ought not to refuse to send for
Major Gardener, as his testimony, was ex
tremely important. IS ¦ •' .
Spooner of Wisconsin said the observa
tions of Rawlins were quite characteris
tic of the action of the Democrats in the
course of this debate. He had discovered
nothing indicating bias in General Chaf
fee's telegram.
"The Senator from Utah," continued
Spooner, "seems to be blinded with sus
picion of the army and of almost every
body charged with any responsibility in
the Philippines." .
It seemed to him that there was a too
great willingness on the part of the min
ority to impeach the whole American
army. Rawlins seemed to think no army
board could be constituted which would
investigate, searchingly, the case of
Major Gardener. The charge of Rawlins,
he said, was that as Gardener had made
a general impeachment of military offi
cers in the Philippines, no board could be
constituted which would give him an Im
partial trial. ¦ -. • • v . , .. -..v..
"The American people, 1 ' he declared,
"will not believe that charge, because
they will know that It is not true of the
army in the Philippines, or any other
American army."
Referring to General Funston, Spooner
said he may have talked too much, but
if he had he had done no more than some
others who are not in military life had
done about this war In the Philippines.
The charge' had been 'made, said he, that
Funaton had "fought his way ; to fame
with the Jaw-bone of an ass.V That was
unjust and unworthy of those who made
it. Funston had won fame as a soldier
by leading the bravest of brave men in
battle and had won at the same time the
commendation of President McKinley, one
of the most beautiful characters in the
life of our nation. Funston 'had not won
his fame with the jaw-bone of, an ass,
but with his sword. In the Senate of the
United States, of all places, - the effort
ought not to be made to smirch the repu
tation and honor of the, army. ' : - '
\ VBut," said he. "the American people
will convict no man without a hearing
¦and will convict no' man on statements
made in the Congressional Record."
Spooner declared that he was not willing
to ¦ vote for .the .resolution because ¦> the
Secretary of -War,' as soon'as the mat
ter had been brought to his attention,
had ordered an investigation to be made
of the charges of Major Gardener. The
minority complaint seemed to be, he said,
that the Secretary of War had not given
What a different world this would be if
the voice of conscience used a mega
phone!
soard has had no desire to attack Major
3ardener, but is pursuing "k. rigid investi
gation of his allegations irrespective of
what he wishes, and will not permit him
:o shape or dictate the course of the in
vestigation.' • : - ( ;
"I think that any Investigation of Major
jardener lies in the fact that the /board
lesires to test the accuracy of his infor
mation, and the condition ¦ of - Tabayas
when he was Governor. Some time must
lecessarily elapse before the report is
:ompleted. There are probably many wit
lesses to be examined."
The Secretary of War transmitted this
message to Senator Lodge with a copy
it a cablegram sent by him to-day to Gen
eral Chaffee in response to the latter's
nessage, as follows: -' ¦
"Cable In full Major Gardener's specifi
cations. Your directions to afford Gard
iner every opportunity are approved. The
t>oard should be specifically enjoined not
to permit the proceedings to assume a
:haracter giving the least color to a claim
that there Is an attack on him, or allow
it to be in any way diverted from a full
ind fair investigation of the truth of his
charges."
Major Gardener every opportunity. The
iollowing is his reply: . . - ¦ . .
" 'Captain - Harry B. ¦ -¦ Bondholtz, Gov
ernor, has since yesterday acted as coun
;el for Major Gardener, who up to the
>resent declines to furnish the names of
iny witnesses to the board. He has
•rought several witnesses, but so far his
iroccdure indicates that he-, does not de
rtre a full investigation as y ordered. «•¦ The
WASHINGTON, May 3.— A cablegram
has been received at the War Depart
ment from (Serif ral Chaffee, replying to
Secretary Root regarding investigation of
Major "Gardener's charges. . Following te
an extract from the message: . • .••¦-,¦
"With reference to your telegram of
the 1st: Major Cornelius Gardener has
filed a few specifications, very general in
character. In one instance he gives the
name of an officer. The board consists of
Cononel Theodore J. Wint, Lieutenant
Colonel Joseph W. Duncan and Captain
William. T. Johnston, sitting at Lucena
under instructions to afford Major Gard
ener full opportunity to substantiate
every allegation. Major Gardener has
telegraphed Luke Wright. that the inves-r
tigation has developed intp an. attack Upon
him and has asked for counsel. First
Lieutenant Trent has been authorized to
aid him. Wint has been directed to afford
fuses to Call Witnesses.
General Chaffee Says the Major Re-
OAHDENEB GIVES NO NAMES.
LOS ANGELES, May^i— As a result of
the May day strike of the union carpen
ters for a raise in wages to $3 50 per day,
all but five of the building contractors
have acceded to the demand and the men
ordered out have returned to work. But
fifty men remain out', they being em
ployed by the contractors who refuse to
yield to the union' demand.
Carpenters Score Partial Victory.
'The Morbs with whom we -are having
some -trouble are the I>ake Moros. Datto
Bayan is one of the chiefs of this tribe.
The largest number of Moros live in the,
river. country, which is 150 miles from
Lake Lanao, in the Zamboanga district,
which is 2C0 miles away and in the Jolo
Islands, which are probably 300 miles dis T
tant; There is no common bond between
the Lake Moros and the Moros of other
regions. The Spaniards used the: Moros
of Zamboanga to light the Lake Moros,
and there is not a bit of love lost be
tween the Lake' Moros and the River and
Jolo Moros. ' .
I am sure there is no danger at all of
the remaining . Moros Joining with the
lake people because of the fact that they
are all Mohammedans.
Governor Taf t and the officials of the
War Department do not believe that the
revolt will prove as troublesome as some
alarmists anticipate. The Moros are ac
customed to living near the. water, which
enables the troops to reach them. If
necessary it is' proposed to place gun
boats on 'Lake Lanao, and it is predicted
that . this will . promptly bring the rebels
to terms. . . . ; ¦¦
There is no doubt that the Mindanao
rising is considered serious and that it is
causing the President and his Cabinet
considerable concern.
TJUXTLE SAM'S NEW TOES.
- • • ¦ . i . ..'¦'.
General Chaffee reports the surrender of
all of the»insurreetos._ . :¦•-.- - •'¦ *¦
FIRST QUISl^ FI^ED- ;vv
IN WAR WITH
Continued From Page Seventeen.
18
Pedullaf
1 U X Lot: if
In whae it is and what it does-^pn-
taining the best blood-purifying:, 'alter-
ative and tonic.* substances and effecting
the most radical' and permanent cures of
all humors and all eruptions, relieving
weak, tired,' languid feelings, arid build-
ing up the whole system — is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
No other - medicine ¦ acts like', it;' no
other medicine has 'done so "much- real. ;
substantial good, ho other medicine has
restored health and strength at so little
]cost v --' -¦','"_ : ':'-..; .'; v
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps the promise.
BBHBMHUBBaHaHBUUHBUUHM BBaaBaBannB
I Special This Week. §
a r:& '¦ .?\U-c ¦>.^."-.-' K . . -.. ' :.';¦ 5
B r—^ — -— ¦ — .- • •• • L_ |
¦ TELEPHONE YOUfi ORDER AND WE WILL DELIVER IT PROMPTLY. *
¦ PHONE SOUTH 736. |
¦ ' ' ' ' H
\ ';HAPNG'S FACE POWDER, % 2Oc I
O Regular price 25c. . g
wi aat -r\ nn y> I "l r " - m
b PERMA, S5c, 4- bottles $3.00 S
g firmg Us Your Prescriptions and Save 50:Pcr Cent S
| TRY A BOTTLE OF OUR NEW PREPARATION ¦ "CAi i S
g FORNIA VIOLET WITCH HAZEL." THE PUREST WITCH ¦
| HAZEL WITH THE FRAGRANCE OF VIOLETS, 25c. WITCH B
g 20 per cent discount on Optical Department in charge ¦
I Cameras and Kodafcs. A o! an expert opUcian. 5
g Hewprtc^on pr ta . ta9 and 2 ° 0 &^S £ \
¦ glasses. I
i Ib NO PERCENTAGE DRUG GO. [
| 949-951 Market Street. g
B TRADING STAMPS "WITH CIGAR3 THIS WFFTf S
g HAVE I
BnBBainuBiBiaiflaaBB» BaBBBBBBBBBBaaBaaBBBa l
By Driving Out Uric Acicl Poison From the System*
Permanent GureGan ;: Be-Effectc3^ :
KIDNEYS MUST "'BE HEALf HY.
Rheumatism, Rheumatic Gout and All Forms of Uric Acid
Poison AreResults of Kidney Disease/ and Can Only
Be Cured by Getting Direct at the Seat of the
Trouble, the Kidneys.
WARNER'S §AFE CURE
IS THE ONLY POSITIVE CURE FOR ALL DISEASES OF
KIDNEY, LIVER, BLOOD AND BLADDER.
i Mr. Moses C. Thompson, one of the
y^2F*iK best-known police officers of Poston. says
.•-¦¦¦ . ¦¦ n-1 rTifPHlffiV Warner's Bafe Cure cured him of aia-
betes and rheumatism eighteen years ago
J^gMWBEggg» V^»X and has, kept him in good health ever
J^&EaB&JMtMs&K^r "Eighteen years' experience with Warner's Safe
Cure ou Sht to satisfy any one. About eighteen
years ago I was completely cured in four months
flMBaigiBflFrKPfHBgSsicSfia of diabetes and rheumatism, which had a pretty
strong hold on me. I had suffered everything.
HaEMWSmfflBg^J^^^M^ The Doctors had almost given me up. My faith
lE3&BSBwSMzffi^!C^Tw In Warner's Sate Cure has grown stronger since
]^T lhat tlme > as I know a. number of the members
T«S^S3^S3iisar of the Boston police force who had suffered from
WSSS^^^^&S^^S' kidney, bladder trouble and rheumatism have been
iSES^kagSSiftiiir^r entirely cured and are well and robust men to-day;
BagMB^tegflBSf N 1 - in fact, every one that 1 have advised to us« 'war-
B*?^a I *^m ' ner's ¦ Safe Cure has been greatly benefited by it.
IsaaSe \f/&e&a) moses c. Thompson, Lodge No. 23. k. p.,
C^^^l fJsF^Sf Station 16, Boylston St.. August 17th, 1901."
r-5sS2a i^S*S9 TEST YOUR KIDNEYS.— Put some morning
»^®W urir.e in a glass or bottle, let it \ stand 24 hoars; if
&J.~ T^1 there }8 a reddish sediment in the bottom of the
fesfss E5^SS glass, or * the urine is cloudy or milky, or if you
flBgBal BSwraa - see particles or germs floating about in It, your
§£§5«* ' KWWJ kidneys are diseased and you should get a bottle of
feSS^M E^3^ Warner's Safe Cure at once.
EHe vil«if WARNER'S SAFE CURE is purely vegeta-
EO^I HBW ble and co^ains no harmful drugs; it does not con-
E&&3 |S3^ stipate; it is a most valuable and effective tonic; it
gag fEx£4 stimulant to digestion and awakens the torpid
&3SL Ifrflea /-I 1.. _r, putting the patient into the very best recep-
W-^ J v^ttiif^- tlve state for the work of the restorer of the kid-
t§?Jf te?^ : £ i &' nevs. It prepares the tissues, soothes inflamma-
Ijp3r &s* /\^i Mvn and Irritation, stimulates the enfeebled organs
»JaL *^C4^J^ % and heals at the same time. It builds up the body,
wSA . gives it strength and restores the energy that is or
has been wasting under the baneful suffering of
kidney disease.
WARXER'S SAFE CURE ia now put up in two regular sixes and sold by all
*niggists, or direct, at i
5O CENTS AND SI OO A BOTTLE.
LESS THAN ONE CENT A DOSE.
Refuse substitutes. There is none "Just ss good as" WARNER'S SAFE CURE.
It has cured all forms of kidney disease during the last thirty years. It Is pre-
scribed by all doctors and used in the leading hospitals as the only absolute cure
fcr all forms of disease of the kidney, liver and bladder.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from diseases of the liver, kidney, bladder and blood
that Warner's Safe Cure will cure them a trial bottle will be sent absolutely tree
to any one who will write the Warner Safe Cure Co.. Rochester, N. Y., and. men-
tion having seen this liberal offer in the San Francisco Daily Call. The genuine-
ness of this offer is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our doctor will send med-
ical booklet, containing symptoms and treatment of each disease, and many con-
vir.rJns testimonials, free, to any one w'to will write.
ADVEBTISEMENTa * ' ' ..¦...¦_ .
A HgflH fft Heart Talk WHh Women ' Save<^ rom &* Grave. "It restores a mother after sivera
a neart to^neaftiaiKwiin women Mrs ph!a Hartful of Spencer child-birth. prints pains ** *.
C |{ Ihrfman HI) Brook. Minn,, writes: regularities In a very short time. I
. «?• v. uai uuau, 114. v> "I was very seriously sick last spring have found it of much value, both aa a
. If all the sick' mothers, invalid Uno? wha? S to d^. ? Va^ookin^ over Preventive of colds and as a tonto
daughters and diseased sisters in this one of your almanacs and found that when I have teen reeling badly, and .
hroad rand would take tha following Dr - Hartman was the best one for my although I never give a testimonial for
broad land would take the following trouWe _ j suffer ed from systemic ca- anything I make an exception in favor
ladies' simple and direct testinmony to tarrh. I described my sickness to Dr. of Peruna. ,aa I consider It of excep-
heart and do as they have done no Hartman and he wrote me that I tfonal value." .
pen could describe the benefit that should use Peruna. I did. and now I MRS. M. VAN VRANCKEN.
, , . ,. , .» am a healthy woman. •
W There °are W s 'o many women, especial- .','1 *ouH now bo in my grave, bui Peruna Woman's Friend.
I ly married women, who drag them' Dr. Hartman, of Ohio, savdd me Miss Nellie Lindsay, 30 Hattle court,
se lves wearily around from year to from death/' Peruna has • '
• year without any particular disease, SOPHIA HARTFUL been sucl » that J v#r y S !ad Indeed
. and yet miserable beyond description. to be able to recommend it. About two \
Thev ache and tremble and throb ' ' .years ago my health began to fail. I I
iney acne ana tremDie ana tnroo. oman «f -WW lost my appetite, had backache moat )
growing more nervous, tired and de- ¦*• -Prominent Club Woman or .New Qf the * tll ££ overexertlon V
. ' bilitated every day, ' . \ Orleans Recommends Pernna to -would keep me in bed a week or more. /
{ Forthis class of, sufferers Peruna; is Worn-Out Women. taS^h^Mnd^trVi&iJ^ did
; the most perfect remedy in existence. Mrs. M. Van Vrancken. chalrlady of not know which would be of benefit.
It relieves, it soothes, it quiets, it sick committee of Lady Standard Mu- Peruna was recommended as woman's
\ strengthens, and no tired, overworked tual Benevolent Association of New friend, and such it proved to me. for
I woman inthe land should be without ®&£££S1 •• jStSred X t?h2StlJ^ been - Me * M ' •
.(..'•-. Peruna in the fiquse for a single day. '^^^5s^ NEtiLJE LINDSAY.
( Peruna Brings Health. /^^^^^^^^^W\ Catarrh Sixteen Years. -. ¦
( Miss Inez Henderson, . 554 Adelaide >K^^OTK^^^»^^m Mrs. Elizabeth Scherer, Monte Vista,
( street, Toronto, Ont., financial secre- I A I 'Vf/MW, — 5^ s^^^!|l'l!v§%l l\ Colo., writes:
) tary of the Boyal Templars, writes: hwlKr^ VM^M^K "For sixteen years I suffered with
"There is nothing so good in life as (M Ok§ Jff|»l . tor^and^oo^^fe^t
\ health, and the one who brings you M^N.^|I^!| l iil(ni'?r v* liHSl hVi/*! out ben « fit - J r « a d in one of your al-
( health should . . yobr friend, and thia ItVi H WMW? /--A Ofiiltf /MtIi manacs about Peruna, and I thought
is how I consider Peruna." ¦ ' »1 ||ffi ' Sottln? ff '^A^h? of^rne^s
1 "For years I have been in delicate \K^V^ffliM~"'*~s«^aS7sl^/ except Peruna for about two years, '
\ health, and while not exactly sick In \^k\\!<llllaaL. MjE$!WAV$1 and my hsal \ h could not be better ?
bed I have been unable to enjoy life. Sod {orTouS&end^lS 16^ l9 &l3 °
( Frequent headache, earache and a /// «.*„// „«„-- A- ~,;*h~,a U ;„ )
) •¦ drumming in my ears made me realize "I Shall^ever 69 Without it in <
\ t that ' there was something declded.ly - -*^T_ my fiOUSS. {
\ : wjfong withvme. My physician said it . ,-„,, ,, V AV VRANfTTEV ELIZABETH SCHERER. 1 1
(¦. was a deep-seated catarrh and that to MRS. m. van vkaalj^^. (
(: be' cured I must seek a different clt- Orleans. 121 Fourth street, New Or- If you do not derive prompt and sat- \
) mate. ; I felt pretty blue until reading leans, La., writes: . lsfaqtory results from the use of Pe- 1
( of the cures performed by Peruna I "In connection with my official work runa, write at once to Dr. Hartman. ' |
) decided to try it. I tooktfour bottles. I have repeatedly found Peruna a giving a full statement of your case, I,
\ which brought me great relief, so that most reliable remedy. In cases of ca- and he wilr be pleased to give you/ his /
/. I kept on taking it for four months, tarrh of the system, there* i3 fiothing valuable advice gratis. \
.) when I found that my head was clear which will cure any quicker, and as a Address Dr. Hartman, President of 1
( and -- all the unpleasant symptoms remedy for wornout women it is supe- The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
) gone." INEZ HENDERSON. rior to anything I know. Ohio. «>...- .-.A
DB. PIEBCE'S BEMEPIES.: J
Of pain is generally the first warning of
an attack of rheumatism. | It feels as' if
the disease were in the bones or muscles,
but the real cause of rheumatism 'is
found in impure blood. In order to cure
rheumatism the blood must be cleansed
of the ! poisonous i impurities : which^ are;
the. cause of the disease. / . \
I Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dispqvcry
has been very successful in thecure-of
"sgh^ rheumatism,^ be?
cause it entirely
jflp^fl — ¦ cleanses the blood
-\lT • vfc^-V. from the 'poison-i
"O^fl / j ous substances
¦:".' g wviTjS.^<xf^ *w h i c h are the
' cause °^ the Jdis4
) » \ eas^- °^y
a^9k purifies the blood
\»but by increasing
O^^^^y the activity of '• thei
•*? Jsrvan blood-rnaki ng
• LJ jgrr )Hj 1 glands, it incre^asea
» § Bi J the supply of pure^
B» "f W I rich blood which
Ml \ ft adds to the^ vigor
8 1 V (J : : of every physical
BJI R I Mr. R. A. McKnigrht,'
¦' jKfJ -¦"' ! ILJ °f Cades, : Williams-:
Wl burg Co., S.C.. write?:
npi «l fiad been- troubled'
\S& Trith rheumatism, for
. . " . twelve years, 50 (bad!
aturnes I could uot leave my bed. I was«badly
crippled. .Tried many doctors and two of them
gave me up to die. ' None of them did me much
rood. The pains in my back, hips 'and legs
(and at times ia my head)." would -nearly tnlj
me. - My ' appetite was very bad.- Everybody
who saw me saJd Lraust die. - I took five bottles
of the ' Golden Medical Discovery,' and' four,
vials of 'Pellet*. 1 and to-day my health is good
after suffering twelve years with rheumatism." ¦-
; The sole motive for substitution i6to
permit y'the : dealer to', make ' the .little
moreiprofit paid 'by the isale ofjless
. meritorious j medicines. He -gains; . you'
lose. Therefore accept no substitute for.
"Golden Medical Discovery^" '[
Dr. Pierce's : Pleasant ¦Pellets cleanse
the r bowels and stimulate the ' sluggish
B.KATSGHINSKI |
: PHIUDELPHIA SHOE CO. I
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
| A SWELL, SMART "STYLE. 1
H TCever before were patent leather W
2 choes* in such demand. Fashion , R
f| has .stamped them as the proper m
|| 6tyle, and every one wears them, m
U This week we will make a. special H
fj offer. Ladies' patent leather .lace f§
I shoes, with- dull kid- tops-, straight M
H perforated vamps, new coin toes Q
H and tips, extension soles, with falrH
II stitching and jnilitary heels. THE B
H PRICE ONLY S2.15. Sizes % to 1
fj «;. widths A to E. a
K LADIES' VICI KID THREE- H
H STRAP BUTTON SANDALS, plain [
t| coin toes, turned soles and French' B
II heels. REDUCED TO . $51.20 for, ¦
y this week only. . Sizes 3 to 7% I
a widths A to D. *. - h
M New illustrated' catalogue just I
I out. Send for one. . • H
|1 Country orders solicited. H
I B. KATSfliNSKI; I
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
IO THIRD STREET. - 1
U San Francisco. '- :'.'¦> B
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service daily to Sf.,
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic -Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
• Pensonally conducted excursion* to Kansas
City, St. Louis. Chicaeo New York. Boston
and ail Eastern points. For full Information
address
L. M. FLETCHER. .
Pacific Coast Agent,
*. 1L"<5 California Bt., Sen Francisco, Cal.
Rad way's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause*
perfect digestion, complete , absorption anJ
tiealthXul recularity.
For the cure of all disorders of. the Stomach.
Liver. Botvels. Kidueys, Bladder. Female Ir-
regularities. Kick Headache, Biliousness. <£>n-
i tip*. t ion, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Drucxists, or
fcy mail.. ; RAD WAT *CO.. N«w Tork.Naval Academy Becommendations.
MADISON. WIb., May 3.— A rehearing haa
been granted by- the Interior Department on
the claim of the Wisconsin Onelda Indians for
about $2,000,000 from the Government for Kan
sas lands : ceded to " them - in . 183S. but' which
they never occupied.
PLYMOUTH. England, May 3.— The
Hamburg- American Line steamer Penn
sylvania, Captain Spliedt, from New York,
April 22, for Hamburg, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg, arrived here this morning and
reports having had a stormy i assage. She
encountered a hurricane Apr.. 27 and 'a
and a huge wave swept her deck, carrying
off her motor launch and thirty feet of
her raiL Several of the cabins were
flooded. /
Ocean I/iner Encounters a Hurricane.
ST. PAUL, May 3.— The Great Northern
has nearly completed the arrangements
necessary for the shipping of lumber and
shingles over that Itne from Pacific Coast
points to territory reached by way of Bill,
ings, MonC.lt nas been practically de
cided that the tariffs governing such
shipments shall become effective on Mon
day, but agents havfe been notified to
make no quotations until word is received
from the general offices. The effect of
the new arrangements will be to make all
points competitive and place mill men on
the Great Northern lines in a position to
ship to a region hitherto denied them.
Lumbermen will after Monday, providing
the tariff is placed in effect on that date,
be In as. good a commercial location as
coast dealers.
Shipments of Coast Lumber.
Letters of sympathy and co-operation
were read from Edwin Markham and
many other well known Californians.
Committees were appointed on histori
cal data and entertainment.
President, the Rev. Dr. Robert' Mackenzie,
D.D., pastor of Rutgers Presbyterian Church;
first vice president, William Parmenter Martin;
second vice president, Robert Dickson; secre
tary, John V. Van Eaton; treasurer, Charles
J. Brooks; trustees — J. O'Hara Cosgrove. Ed
ward Payson Critcher, Howard P. Taylor, Har
vey W. Corbett, Edward J. McGanney and Eu
gene J. Cantin.
NEW YORK. May . 3.— Th& California
Society of New York State was organized
last night at a meeting held at the Wal
dorf-Astoria. A constitution and by-laws
were adopted and the following: officers
were elected:
Rutgers Presbyterian Church,
Y>>\ Is Elected President.
"Rev. Dr. Bobert Mackenzie, Pastor of
CALIFOTiNlANS ORGANIZE
A SOCIETY IN NEW YORK
CHIRFUS CREEK, Colo.. May 3. — -The nm
on the Bimetallic Bank, which started yester
£a.y, has rubsided. Some of those trho with
drew their money yesterday redeposlted it at
the bank to-<lay.
CHICAGO, May 3.— Thomas Gregor, a
real estate dealer, committed suicide to
day In a sensational manner. He was one
of a crowd at the Wrightwood-avenue
station of the JCorthwestera elevated road.
When the train approached he jumped
from the platform and fell across the
rails. By a desperate effort the motonnan
succeeded in stopping the train. Gregor
was hoisted back to the platform, but no
sooner were his arms released than he
stabbed himself several times In the neck.
The Jugular vein was severed and he died
within a few minutes. No cause for the
act is known.
Suicide of a Real Estate Agent.
From Los Angeles— E. L. "W. Rudolph,
at the Broadway Central and L. H.
Mitchell, at the Imperial.
NEW 7 YORK, May 3.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — A. Deckelman, at the Sturte
vant; J. P. Denshen, at the Cosmopoli
tan; H. Franklin, at the Imperial; W. B.
Hidden, at the St. Denis; F. A. Hazel and
'Wife, at the Holland; T. J. O'Brien and
wife, at the Grand; C McM. Hunt, Mrs.
N. ilcMurray and C F. McMurray, at
the Gilsey; H. Unna, at the Herald
Square; EL A. Yuzuk, at the Imperial; A.
J. Hunn, at the Herald Square, and A. L.
Scott, at the Holland.
Calif omians in New York.
WASHINGTON,. May 3.— Tae Cabinet meet-
Ing scheduled for yesterday was held to-day.
Secretary Root told of conditions as he found
them in Cuba. No business of public Interest
was. transacted.
LONDON. May 3.— It Is reported In Liver*,
pool shipping circles that the Erltlsh Govern
ment has indicated its willingness to ¦ubsidlza
British . shipping in the event of- the Atlantic
shipping combine proving: really harmful to the
mercantile marine of Great Britain.
In 1694 the cloth, on which was visible a
representation of the figure of Christ, be
came the property of the House of Savoy
and found its permanent resting place in
a chapel connected with the Cathedral of
St. John the Baptist at Turin. Here it
has remained, hidden from the public eye
in the Interior of a metallic coffer, whose
locks cannot be opened save by royal au
thorization-arid episcopal permission.
Tradition affirms tha\ Mary Magdalene
and her friends piously preserved these
clothes and that they were in safe keep
ing when Jerusalem was captured by
Titus. Then they were carefully secreted
by the Christians.
The body so enwrapped they placed in a
sepulcher, in the garden on Calvary. St.
John, in his twentieth chapter, goes on to
tell us how, when Mary Magdalene and
the disciples, whom she had hastily sum
moned, discovered that Christ's body had
been stolen, as they supposed, from the
sepulcher, they noted that .the linen
clothes lay within the tomb, the napkin
that was about his head not lying with
the linen clothes, but wrapped together in
a place by itself. -
Then they took the body of Jesus and wound
it In linen clothes, with the spices, as the
manner of the Jews is to bury. — xix:40.
It is believed that the holy shroud Is
identical with the grave clothes men
tioned by St. John in his story of the cru
cifixion and burial:
In his opinion a human body, in its ex
halations in the throes of death and sub
sequent to decomposition, may liberate
gases whigh act upon a cloth prepared as
the Hebrews prepared winding sheets in'
exactly the same way as the photographic
processes known to all of us act upon a
sensitized plate.. •
His arguments are supported by Pro
fessors de Lage and Colson of Paris, and
have even been accepted by so conserva
tive a medical authority as the London
Lancet.
NEW YORK, May 3.— The world was
recently startled by the publication of a
serious scientific treatise by Paul Vignon
on the famous shroud of Christ, now pre
served at Turin, and the Herald is, by
courtesy of the author, permitted to re
produce a synopsis of the book. He ex
pressed his opinion that the shroud in
question was the real winding sheet
wherein the Savior's body had rested dur
ing the period between the descent from
the cross and the resurrection. He in
sisted that what has been considered by
some as a fraud, by others as a miracle—
the outline of a human figure on the cloth
—is merely an extraordinary accident,
fully explicable by science; ¦
Special Dlspttteh to The Call. S
I gladly accept this Invitation in the name of
the Government of the republic, and in that
of the entire French people. la fraternally
taking part In thiB solemnity, the American
nation once more gives evidence of Its remem
brance of those French citizens who shared Its
dangers and elory in its struggle for Inde
pendence; 1t has, furthermore, desired to con
firm the friendship and draw Btill closer the
bonds which, since that most memorable period,
have united our two countries. France will
hall this manifestation with deep emotion.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— Embassador
Cambon presented to President Roosevelt
to-day a personal letter from President
Loubet of France. It is a reply to a let
ter written by President Roosevelt to the
President of the French republic Inviting
Friiice to take part in the Rochambeau
statue exercises. The letter says:
President Loubet Sends
Letter of Thanks to
Roosevelt.
Sacred Relic Preserved
at Turin Probably
Genuine.
Drawbacks are also- allowed. on goods
prepared in the United Kingdom tn which
imported grains are used, to the amount
of duty pain on such foreign grains. . • /.;
Articles deposited in bonded warehouses
for use as ships' stores are entitled to
drawbacks. • ,: -'.\A
LONDON, May 3.— The finance bill
(budget) as issued, to-day in its final
shape, provides for a duty of three pence
per hundredweight on wheat, " barley,
oats, rye. maize, buckwheat, peas, beans;
locust beans, lentils, uncleaned rice and
offals- thereof; and for a duty of five
pence on flour, meal, starch, arrowroot,
tapioca, potato flour, sago, malt, pearly
barley and cleaned rice.
Drawbacks equal to the duty are al
lowed from May 7 on the re-export of any
of these articles which- have undergone
the process of manufacture or prepara
tion in the United Kingcom.
Products.
Duty on Cereals and Their
Text of the Measure That Impose?
BBtTlSH FINANCE BUDGET
ISSTTED IN FINAL" SHAPE
Famous Cross Beared Again.
SANTA CLARA, May 3.— The old Mis
sion cross, blown down in the high wind
of March 1, was set in position again to
day with appropriate ceremonies. The
Rev. Robert E. Kenna, S. J., president of
Santa Clara College, delivered the ad
dress, and was assisted by the Rev. A. V.
Raggio, S. J., pastor of Saint Claire's
Church. The entire faculty and student
body of the college was in attendance.
Music was furnished by the college band
and the choir of Saint Claire. -A - large
gathering witnessed the ceremonies.
Coming to Study Our Shipyards.
BERLIN, May 3.— Emperor, William has
ordered Director Fritz, of the Government
shipyard at Kiel, to proceed to the United
States to study the methods of American
shipyards, particularly as regerds labor
saving machinery.
VIENNA, May 3.— The Neue Freie
Presse says that as the result of system
atic persecution 3000 Jewish families, com
prising 12.000 persons," will leave Roumania
for, the United States in a 'few days/ ,
Will Seek Homes^in America.
Offers Commissions to Ticket Agents.
CHICAGO, May 3.— Ticket agents "of
roads in the Transcontinental Passenger
Association have been notified to accept
the commissions offered by the Pacific
Coast Company, which owns and operates
the. Pacific Coast Steamship Company. A
circular of this company oners 5 per cent
commission on Alaska tourist business.
LONDON, May : 3. — A funeral service over
the remains of William McKlnley Osborne was
conducted at St. Mary's Church, Morton, near
Wimbledon, to-day. Embassador £hoate and
other members of the American Embassy were
present; .... , • ¦ .
DEATH-SHROUD
OF THE CHRIST
FRANCE ACCEPTS
THE INVITATION
- Mr. Doddridge tells me he had been with
Chatan in the Restaurant Angelo. Chatan,
rather worse for . wear, became noisy and the
proprietor ordered him to depart and called the
police. Doddridge led Chatan toward the
Piazza dl San Marcoj where he expected to
find other Americans.
. The crowd followed, denouncing the Ameri
cans and striking them with sticks and with
their fists. Doddridge and' Chatan defended
themselves as well as possible. The police did
not interfere to protect them, i When Dod
dridge and Chatan approached the Cafe Au
rora we heard the noise and ran out to In
vestigate. Then we became embroiled In the
row.
Langley, the marine, heard the ' noise and
ran up to the rescue. Then^we all were ar
rested. > '•-
I was with Captain "Wynne in the Cafe Au
rora about 11:30 o'clock at night, when we
were startled by cries in English outside. We
ran out and saw ¦ Lieutenants Doddridge and
Chatan surrounded by a menacing crowd of
several hundred. As we emerged we acci
dentally upset some ¦ tables. Then the cfowd
surrounded us menacingly. A policeman seized
my arm and the crowd continued to menace
us. I noticed two civilians raising sticks to
strike me. - I defended myself .with my* stick,
which got broken. ... .:
We could not understand the cause of the
mob's fury, as we do not know Italian. The
police made no attempt to defend ub from- the
attack of the crowd and -we were slightly in
jured. I learn several civilians were -slightly
hurt. • . •
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Journal prints
a Venice cablegram giving the following
account by Dr. Ledbetter, assistant sur
geon of the cruiser Chicago, of the arrest
of the navai officers:
Another United States cruiser, these
dispatches further say, is expected to ar
rive at Venice shortly. She will moor
outside the St. ¦ Mark dock. -
Private dispatches. from Venice say the
cruiser Chicago will proceed to Naples,
May 13, and that she will there be joined
by the' battleship Illinois, the flagship of
the United States European squadron, on
board of which vessel the officers of the
Chicago who were arrested and impris
oned in Venice will be' tried by court
martial. ' &*&v«&;
TRIESTE, Austria-Hungary," May 3.—
The United States cruiser Chicago arrived
here at noon from Venice. The usual ex
change of salutes took place.. ;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Meanwhile the subject of the gossip is
in Paris, where .the other day she created
a Vfuror by unexpectedly conducting a
band of .music in a well-known cafe, to
the huge delight of the audience.
"She does not propose," continues the
article, "to retire from the stage, but will
probably forsake the music halls for a
West End theater under her immediate
control."
The report that Elsie Fay, the Ameri
can actress, will be married in England
to a syoung baronet, said j to be George
Lionel Prescott, a lieutenant In the Sec
ond Life Guards, who was born in 1S75
and owns an estate of 4000 acres, has been
revived by To-day.
I would like to Bee the prices' reduced in
stead of raised, the idea being that the latter
course will tend to popularize the theater. Per
sonally, I am contented with a modest com
petency, but I do want people to attend the
theater in «ven larger number than now. Look
at America. The whole ground floor of the
theater is given up to stalls at a uniform price
of $1 50, thoueh in America theater-going is
as much a duty as golf and football is with us.
LONDON, May 3.— English theater
goers are mightily worked up over George
Edwardes' suggestion to raise the price
of admittance to the stalls in London
playhouses from 10s 3d to 12s 6d. He holds
that the increased amounts paid to musi
cal comedy stars and the cost of produc
ing up-to-date pieces of that nature are
quite disproportionate to the receipts. To
remedy this Edwardes .advocates an
agreement between the London managers
increasing the price of the best seats by
two shillings. Beerrifehm Tree disagrees
witfl Edwardes and in so doing sounds a
thoroughly American note. He says:
The Morgans had questioned , the cor
rectness of the figures upon which Yerkes
based the ¦ returns of his system, but
Yerkes blandly waved aside such details,
saying that he had not his notes. He
would, however, be delighted to solve the
sums in arithmetic submitted to him by
opposing counsel if they would allow him
to bring notes referring to such abstruse
matters from his office. Finally the Chi
cagoan was dismissed/somewhat disgust
edly, with the remark: "As you don't
want to be sent back to school, I will not
ask you any more questions," and Yerkes
went out, smiling grimly.
With a smile, Yerkes admitted that he
was largely interested in the financial
and operating departments- of the A new
road, and without a trace of apparent
malice he added: "I do not care to teach
kindergarten schools here."
LONDON, May 3.— There have been
some interesting developments in the bat
tle between the American millionaires for
the control of London's rapid transit sys
tem. I One feature that stands out more
than any other is Charles T. Y.erkes' abil
ity to beat English lawyers at their own
game. Counsel for the Morgans' projected
"tube" line had Yerkes oh the stand be
fore the House of Lords committee for an
hour or so one day this- week. Yerkes sat
passive, ingeniously answering or dodging
questions relating to the financial plans
of his own syndicate. Finally he calmly
remarked to counsel: "I have been listen
ing to your explanations of this matter,"
at which counsel hurried to correct the
witness by declaring that he had only
been asking questions. But Yerkes, im
perturbably and hugely amused at the
committee, continued: "And it seems to
mo that you have certain Information
which I myself at this moment do not
possess." . •
Surgeon Ledbetter Describes
the Events Leading to
Their Arrest.
Successfully Avoids Giving
Information Concerning
"the Syndicate.
Claim That the Expenses Are
Disproportionate to tha
Receipts. .
London Playhouses May
Raise the Prices of
Admission.
Financier Yerkes Proves
Too Much for His ;
y Questioners.
Early Arraignment foi:
the Officers of the
BEATS LAWYERS
AT THEIR GAME
NAWAL COURT
TO TRY THEM
MUSICAL STARS
COME TOO HIGH
BY CABLE TO THE CALL.
NEWS FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL^ SUNDAY^; M 1902.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., May 3.— It !s an
nounced that the board of visitors to the
Naval Academy completed its report to
day. The three chief recommendations
were: First — To commission the cadets as
ensigns as soon as they graduate. Second
—To change the name cadet to midship
man. Third— To equalize the pay of naval
officers, putting it on the same basis as
army officers.
19
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Enormous Gala in Importations
during 1901 of
Champagne
Over a Quarter of a Million
Or, more accurately, an increase of 252,432
bottles orer the year 1900, equal to more
than 100 per cent of the combined increase
of fill the other Champagne houses.— Ex-
tract from Bon/orfs Wine and Spirit
Circular, January jo, 190?.
"WHITE SEAL" and BRUT IMPERIAL
Of the celebrated vintage of 1893. Pro-
nounced by the Bon-Vivant and Connoisseur
the Acme of Perfection. Dry, Delicate, De-
licious.
WILLUM WOLFF & CO.
2I&-218 Mission St., S. F. Pacific Coast Agents
Pile Cure.
Sample moiled free.
One application gives relief.
The continued use of Hum-
phreys' Witch Hazel Oil per-
manently cures Piles or Hem-
orrhoids — External or Internal.
Sample mailed Tree.
At Druggists', "or mailed lor 25 eta.
Humphrc-j ¦' Med. Co., Ill William »t, N. T.
. . AD VERTISSMENTS. "
I DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Stylish Street Garments
From the best maKcrs and decidedly out o! the ordinary.
LADIES' TAILOR MADE SUITS. : ||
Not hackneyed makes, but entirely different from what are \
usually shown, .;••"' \
Prices $1S, $20, S2S and $30 and ' Upward.
f NOVELTY TAILOR MADE SUITS. %
\ They embrace the most tasteful creatlor.s, from the best 1" <
s ¦HSabSE^i deslRners, - ¦•'}
\ Prices 530, $35, $40, $4S, $50, $69 and $63 and Upward. \
LADIES' WOOLEN DRESS SKIRTS. §1
[ Conspicuous for orl Inallty In all the new shapes and materials, J
[ Prices $6, $7.50, $850, $10, S1250 and $15 and Upward. rgj
\ LADIES 1 SILK DREiS SKIRTS. j
£ From the best creators of stylish, modern ideas In dress, ; ' \
Prices $20, J25, $30, $35, $4D, $50 and Upward. L \
LADIES; SILK JACKETS. j
They have a cut, fit and finish not easily Imitated by the \ \
¦vr .;*...- inexperienced. . <
Prices $10, $1250, $15, $20, $25 and Upward. . T j
LADIES' CLOTH, AND SILK,: RAGLANS. j
We show a great variety of styles, and fashionable fabrics. /¦* ;
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Gesry and Sto:kton Streets, Union Square. (!
... ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
¦ . . . San Fra' Cisco, Sunday, 4 May. 1902.
• s I I'd SSvf^fei
¦£^\ i 1 - J l ® y 'ZM S • F5T7
ilfnf ' <2s 4=1 r^
O^k dining chairs
Our line of dining chairs is a strong feature of this
• store. It offers a multitude of new, desirable designs quite
different from the never changing patterns so often dis-
played. We're moving with the times and cannot afford
to allow our stock in any line to become stale. Occasionally
some article does not move fast enough' and when such is
the case you may. depend upon it, we "cut it out" by re-
ducing the price.
Pictured above is a cane seat oak diner and armchair,
V finished a rich golden color. For the diner, $4.50. For the
armchair, $7.50.
Inexpensive wood bedsteads in golden brown finish —
$2.00, $3.25, $3.50 and $6.00.
Folding card tables 90 cents/fo.oo and $3.50.,
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
Spring and summer goods C^ ; 1^ I % A 7/\ f\ T\ \* Out-of-town orders |
are now fully represented in C^ * AL* WW I 1 1 II I &\i ft* filled for men's or boys' |
every department-write for W / .%¦ >>>*>* ft< *¥ tJJ clothing, hats or furnish- i
information and prices. 8 M k t Str t ings 1HAVANA, May 3.— Governor General
Wood has granted a pardon to E. C.
Westfall, formerly chief of the money or
der bureau of the Havana postofflce, who
lost $4000 of the postal funds in an omni
bus while on his way to pay the .money
into the treasury.
Wood Pardons Westfall.
Bakersfield Excursion-
Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfleld Stre«t
Fair and Carnival can secure tickets at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office, 641 Market St..
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, May 3.— The schooner
Umbrina, which arrived to-day, brought
news of an attempt to kill Captain Mc-
Phee'and burn the schooner Ocean Belle
by a Chinese cook.
The cook planned the deed and catching
the crew on deck and Captain McPhee in
his room he seized a large carving-knife
and held the captain • in . his room by
threatening him with the knife, while he
set a train of powder on a bench leading
to a powder keg, the top of which had
been knocked oft. Then he spread kero
sene about the schooner's cabin in a most
liberal manner. The fuse of. powder led
directly into the powder keg, and the Chi
nese planned to blow up the vessel.
Captain McPhee, seeing his danger, took
chances of being stabbed and ran at the
Chinese, who, instead of attacking him,
hurriedly put a match to the kerosene
and then ran on deck and jumped from
the schooner's rail. He was drowned be
fore the eyes of the crew. .
The captain called the men hurriedly to
the cabin and after a smart fight they ex
tinguished the fire. ,
Cook of the Schooner
Ocean' Belle Ignites
Kerosene.
Chicago Bankers Finan-
cing Rival of Beef
Barons.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 3.— The retail butchers
of the United States are banding as
stockholders in a $10,000,000 packing com
pany to enter into competition with the
beef trust as a result of the war against
the packers. The new company is backed
by Chicago banks, and its projectors are
confident from the progress made that it
will be ready for business in a short time.
Many of the largest retailers throughout
the country approve the plan and have
pledged themselves to subscribe for capi
tal stock. They welcome the project as
an opportunity to escape from the ar
bitrary business regulations forced on
them by the beef trust and for the reason
that it will enable them to buy meat at
prices which will follow the market
prices of livestock. The butchers of the
country have in the past feared the
blacklist and have chafed under the rules
o* the trust, but still have been forced
by prevailing conditions to buy from the
combine.
Butchers are solicited as stockholders,
so as to assure the company a large trade
from the start. Only small subscriptions
have been asked, with the intention of In
teresting as many as possible. The pro
posed packing houses will be located at
the Union Stock Tards and will equal in
capacity any plant now existing. A sita
has already been selected. The plant will
be complete in all departments of the
packing business and will supply all
products and by-products to the butchers.
The CWcago Security and Trust Com
pany is financing the deal. S. P. Ander
son, vice president of the company, has
been laboring quietly for several weeks,
and sending out circulars to thousands of
butchers throughout the United States.
The responses, he says, have been enthu
siastic, thousands of dollars having been
pledged and many of the letters even con
taining checka.
CHINESE TRIES
TO BURN A SHIP
BUTCHERS UNITE
TO FIGHT TRUST
I the park courts Sunday will be finished
1 to-day. i
CHAMPION" WHITNEY
DEFEATS MACGAVIN
Interesting Tennis Match Is Played
on the California Club Courts.
Park Tournament.
Some good tennis matches tvere played
yesterday on the California Club courts.
The best was that between George Whit
ney and Drummond MacGavin. The
champion won In straight sets, but the
collegian made him work to do so. The
score €-4, C-2, C-2. Other scores re
sulted as follows: "W. B. Collier and Carl
Gardner tied. 6-2. 1-6, 6-1. 1 C; Alec beat
Bradley Wallace, 4-6, C-0. C-3; Harry
Haight beat Werner Stauf, C-Z, 8-6. 7-5;
Sidney Salisbury beat Alexander, 6-3, 6-2;
William Cook beat Dan Be!den. 7-3, 6-2;
Clyde Beal beat Dr. Noble, 6-4; Cook tied
Salisbury. 4-6, 6-4; Alexander beat Bel
den. 7-5. 6-3.
The class tournament commenced on
London Believes Boers
* Will Accept British
Conditions.
Officials Hope a Settlement
Will Follow Burgher
Conference.
Daily.
Sentiment in Favor of Making Gen
erous Concessions to the Pa
triots Is Growing
Pending the outcome of the Boer confer
ences, the friends of a generous settle
ment are doing splendid work. Even the
Times has given prominence to a letter
from Pretoria advising the British Gov
ernment to promise a representative gov
ernment within five years, and to give
formal assurances that the Crown Gov
ernment during that period shall become
annually less restrictive. In admitting to
its columns a plea for broad-minded con
duct toward a brave and conscientious
enemy, the leadmg British, journal seems
to beein a new departure.
LONDON, May 3.— In official circles in
London the opinion gains ground that the
South African situation is improving, and
that the burghers at their general meet
ing, fixed for May 15, will accept the Brit
ish conditions of peace. To Dr, Leyds is
attributed a contrary opinion; but so
much has been laid at his door which, he
has ultimately repudiated, that there is
presumption of his having been misrep
resented again. His reported assertions
that "several republics will be established
in the northwest of Cape Colony" is dis
missed as apocryphal. . , '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On the night of April 14 forty Boera
rushed an outpost on a kopje held by
twenty of the British garrison. The Boers
were repulsed and r the British had four
men wounded. The women and children
took refuge in a fortified schoolhouse.
Three civilians and' one girl have been
killed in the town by long range fire from
the Boers, but the population is cheerful
and confident. -. ... . .
CAPE TOWN, May 3.— Reports which
have reached here, - via Port Nolleth,
Western Cape Colony, dated April 19,* are
to the effect that British columns are
now in close touch with the British gar
rison at O'Okiep (about ninety miles in
land from. Port Nolleth), and that the re
lief of the British forces there is practi
cally completed. *
The plucky little garrison at O'Okiep
has been closely invested by the • Boers
for weeks past and has put' up a defense
which can be compared to that of Mafe
king. The defenders of O'Okiep suffered
comparatively few casualties, but they
were subject to constant "sniping" and
occasional sharp brushes with the Boers.
Beleagured Town.
British Columns Now Close to the
EARLY RELIEF OF O'OKIEP.
SYNDICATE SECURES
CONTROL OF THE MONON
j CHICAGO, May 3.-A new railway sys
tem of* embracing < *the Chicago, • Indian
apolis 'and Louisville (Mon'on) -;and the
Louisville and Nashville will, it, is said,
soon be in operation between Chicago and
New Orleans. It was learned to-day, ac
cording to the Daily News, that John W.
Gates and those, working with him have
secured control of the Monon. This was
done by buying $3,000,000 .worth of stock
In the open .market and by the purchase
yesterday from General Samuel Thomas
of $6,000,000 additional stock at 82, giving
the Gates syndicate $9,000,000 of the $15,
000,000 capital stock of the road. The
purchase is with the idea of gaining en
trance to Chicago for the Louisville and
Nashville. A new company, which prob
ably will be called the Chicago and New
Orleans Railway Company, will , operate
the two roads. J. P. Morgan & Co.", ac
cording to the Daily News, will finance
the deal. The amount of the capital
stock, it is said,' has not yet been decided
upon.
AMSTERDAM, May 3.— The Amsterdam
Central Labor Union, composed of twenty-five
subordinate unions with a total membership
of DOOO. has adopted a resolution to abstain
from meat handled by the so-called beef trust
for the next thirty days.
DENVER, May 3. — The business portion of
Rifle, Colo., a town on the Denver, and Rio
Grande Railroad, twenty-six miles west of
Glenwood Springs, was • almost totally de
stroyed by flre early to-day. The logs is esti
mated at $100,000; insurance about $50,000.
EXPECTS END
OF WAR TWO
WEEKS HENCE
Chance to Study the Oiled
Surface.
San Francisco Golfers to Be Given -a
i The "proposed tournament between
Class A and Class B of the San Francisco
Golf Club 'did" not take place yesterday,"
as no teams had been made up by Cap
tain S. L,.' Abbot Jr. and Leonard Chen
ery. Several golfers were out for - prac
tice. Among them: J. W. Byrne, Andrew
Carrigan, Dr. J. R. Clark, "W. J. Button,'
Captain D. 'j. Rumbaugh, 1 S. L. Abbot Jr.
and H. M. Hoyt. A suggestion has been
made that sand "green" be established in
some sheltered part of the course, where
the sand would not be' liable to be blown
off by the strong winds. It is considered
the practice gained in playing on this
"green" would stand those golfers in good
stead who may visit Southern California,
Ferries • Will Carry Autos.
President F. A. Hyde of .the Automobile
Club of California has notified the mem
bers that the | general manager . ' of the
Southern Pacific Company has issued an
order permitting ; automobiles to be car
ried-on the passenger boats. between Oak
land pier and , San ;, Francisco after I 8
o'clock in the evening. ' Fires must be ex
tinguished on the automobiles before they
are taken ; on board the ferry-boat, and
;the vehicles, must- be . placed at j the j after
end of the vessel, so that they, can read'ily
bethrown overboard in; case of accident.
Automobiles will be carried on -the Oak'
iand Creek ferry-boats during, the day as
usual.. The new regulation will be a great
convenience to those owners who may ar
rive in . Oakland with * their . vehicles late
at night, and may not wish to leave them
there till next. day. -. ¦< ¦
PRESIDIO LINKS MAY
HAVE A SAND "GREEN"
where sand "greens" are almost uni
versal. . :
THE;.siN;' ; rRANCISCO,V;'CALL r : \SUNbAY,> : -M^^
20
A car-load of Cook Books
Jnst arrived from Chicago and
are ready for distribution at
the business office of this
paper. . All Call subscribers
arc entitled to n copy of this
great Cook Dookat the prem-
ium price of II fly cents. V
An additional charge of 20
cents to pay cxpresnasre vrlll
be required from out of toivn
subscribers ordering by mall.
TWEHT1ETH CEHTURY COOK BOOKS
-'• : V-^':vr: ¦';•¦¦¦. ADVEBTISEMENTS. • r . .v; .-¦.-J^--.- ¦/ V;-" -.-"-^ •/¦•/ r\r-. ¦ \ : '.'.' .' ..,,'. ,-': .,;• ':¦'. :. '-'...¦¦
I v Nearly l&OOO Yards of High-Grade Black Silks Under Price; 1
¦ir J u^t at the beginninff of the season, when fashion is demanding BLACK SILKS for WAISTS. DRESSES, SKIRTS, JACKETS COATS, etc,. 3
—1 we present ONE OF THE LARGEST AND MOST. DECISIVE UN- I — 3
¦^ ... _,. . DERPRICED oftenngs of FINE SILKS ever known in retailing. An- ¦ ' jcAA v > *l' '
g— I2UO ¦ 3TCIS ticipating an enormous demand for Black Silks for this season, we ' lOUO ¦ 3TC1S ' -^
m <8I *5R onrlCfl Rrt placed orders for more than DQU 3 LE the usual quantities, and which we Ql Ifll/ IlDCCPi TIClCTA Z3»
3l,ii3 canu 91.9V , secured so advantageously that "we are now enabled to announce the DLAuN UmLOO lArrtlA
fc: Oil U Pnr&UnmrO GREATEST MONEY-SAVING BLACK SILK SALE ever attempted .;, u/«.*t ii en ««. -^8
E d LR UntNAy Nto in this city. Here are SILKS of a SUPERB CHARACTER, full of " Worth $1.50 for
£ j; w»t-i..«*»snB-w crispness and- luster, that come from the best known manufacturers of An ideal Silk' for 0*70 a! 3
*- T" 6 prettiest a , n . d f| C C France, Switzerland and America. Almost every kind of silk that is now complete Dresses or Q I , -—
y- choicest effects of this MA in popular.use is included in this immense offering, such as TAFFETA. Waists, full of luster ] Iara -^
S= spring. A great va- iara PEAU DE SOIE. PEAU DE' CYGNE. CREPE DE CHINE and and crispness, with dainty and neat
fc nety in stripes, checks and plain MOIRE VELOUR. which we will offer, beginning to-morrow,. FAR polka dots and small designs, never --
m- meshes, fully 44 inches wide. Im- BELOW present manufacturers' cost. Don't delay coming Monday; intended to be retailed under $i..W :^5
m- mense value at J«>c Yard though the lot is large the best numbers are more apt to be -the first a tremendous bargain at S<c Yard
£= ' - '<- to go. . I --»
Eg GUARANTEED BLACK rAFFETA Eve . ry f y o ?- d si f x uI^t u h a 8 ? nteed BLACK MOIRE- VELOIJR. So n s 8 ;n e d y^!s d ts ? . or 3
2500 yards Oil-boiled Guaruitoed Black -Taffeta. 21 inches wide, a very brilliant 1200 yards very lustrous Black Moire Velour, 20 inches wide, of a fast ~~*1
g£Z and lustrous Taffeta, which we GUARANTEE FOR SIX MONTHS. OK,> Black dye, a grand quality, GOOD VALUE at $1.10, on special OK s* — •
usually sold at $1.10. on special sale at ., Yard OOC sale at.... 7 •••; • Yard O«w --J
S^ 1S00 yards Guaranteed Bl.vck Taffeta. 2.1 inches wide, a superb quality that -"*»
c*_ , will give perfect satisfaction or money refunded, every yard worth Q(r« 000 yards 27-lnch Black Moire Velour, a very rich and lustrous qual- flri- 4 '"* "Z2J
•5: ?1. 25. en special Bale at Yard tJOt ity that we can recommend for good wear; worth $2. CO. Salq price.. Yard tJJl— _^»
I Black Swiss Taffeta" c. j. bonnet black taffeta. Black Peau de Soie. 1
~7 An UNPRECEDENTED OFFER- j*=»>, mOES fi
5^ A.Rn YARD— 20 T !nch Black Taffeta, a very fine ING of 40 pieces of the FAMOUS I ir/l . £JQr» YARD— 20-lnch Black double-faced Peau de — «
»- "^^ prade. actually worth t5c, at THE REMARK- BONNET DRESS TAFFETA, 23 M V/ DDv Sole, fast Black DYE REGULAR 85c qual-
gg— AELY low price of 4Sc yard INCHES WIDE, so^ the world f^ B V i lty. Sale price «9c yard -^
2^~ TC\s* YARD— 23-inch." Black P«-=«= Taffeta nf a hrii T* T a \ fl'" 5 a > -f » rd - ne J' er a penny H * d# OCr» YARD— Extra heavy, double-faced Dress Peau
iOC iji«.^r soft finlfh REGClIr VALUE ${" • I««j- at the marvelourijr low price of B UOC de Soie. wear Ruaranteed. IMPOSSIBLE to
EEle PriCe 7 «« >" d LOCI fQr Trademark JSSA ZpSaS c1 2 , YTRD-yrn'h llmLt Black Peau de Sole
E 85C No further guarantee is needed. , §\±1 I A^^g\$$£ nt J& e \*S? : a %%&^ i
jflG on^cHsal^a^ "Slcmd "' value $1.75. Sale price ¥1.25 yard -^
mZ nr- r-.T>^. **. iT v. u 1 i RIAri^PRi-PC II- PUIUC 25 pc? fast black Crepe de Chine, CI-^R YARD— 36-inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE. a — Z
•^ SI 5 YARD r- 3G -' nfl h high-grade, brilliant and lus- DLAbN Intri. ]}- UiUNt a very clinging and soft quality! <t>* very high grade, so extensively used for Coats -«
g ?¦— KVSK|^.^^ri&5S 85c Yard. W«i!b$!.iV,Si oll .ai'!SJr.SilSi w SJS i?VP™". ! . : ...' c . t ".':'..™ l^.. t2 -. 00 » I .iS 1 y s . a ,'S3
i fl PpprlPQQ nf Waoh Pnnrio MAY SALE of laces and dainty white tuckihgs. |
Sr fl I QUI lUOO I^llal Sf I Si 2* iJI IWIjEJIB SJlJIlBloa Thousands of Women will hall this notable SALE with conspicuous eagerness. Itls—«i
2Z wa><w ¦¦¦¦B^p **¦ ¦¦*•«*¦¦ VUVUU1 an offering of never equaled Importance from a price point of view — an incomparable
— — An assortment as never before seen in this city— the pick of the foreltrn and domestic "collection of exquisite WHITE TUCKINGS, POINT DE PARIS. FRENCH VALEN- —«
T^ looms— this season-8 handsomest weaves and colorlncs ioreign ana aomesuc ciENNES and NORMANDY VAL. Laces in many beautiful styles, now so popular for -^
S= «..^«^-..«. Dresses. Waists. Yokings, etc. A most extraordinary opportunity— all . marked at flg- 3
.OKMoi^lEJEKL?^ 0 .^ 13^^ SSSo/^.d;T^td e Paris, Nor- )8 KO 13^3
St: ity. m colors of pink. Light Blue, cardina^Niie, mandy Val. Laces, Edges and Insertions, in > 15o 2Oo =35
•^" the 60c grade, Monday _ varH «• «/ Ls . . . r. . >^ • • ~ •« V^.. -~ .. », • . —mm
~ SATIN-STRIPED CHALLIES. A S^P^SS S. exquisite patterns, 3 to 7 mches w.de. > Yard. Worth Double
S= Green and Black: also Immense, !lUSS^%%^i I 5^? k t S^T^t M QS^ FINE TUCKINGS LAGE ALL-OVERS. FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACES.
-2 variety to choose from. On sale at Yard t5&C . -rft r . TARD-BOO yards Fancy Lace, KftA "linen Edges and Insertion*, SS
• ¦ tfV/w and Tucked Nainsook and Lawn *J\J\J worth 25c, at 15c dozen *"*•
£ 500 PIECES HANDSOME ZEPHYR GINGHAMS at D °- **• -
•^ UUU I I LULU linilUUUIIIL LLIIlin UlIlUnHmO 01 Af±C> YARD-300 yards Cluster and .«WU 'worth 35c, at 25c dozen --
~Z The biggest Ginsham Offering of the season. An Incomparable eollec- i AP ""C Solid Tucked Victoria Lawn rhr\n t, t.* a t *i "^
5Z tion cf the choicest styles in pretty stripes and checks, also solid colors ol A i\\J Yokings. GOOD VALUE at 75c, yard. - BOO 2« tu dges * and I" s€r t lons .
~Z Light Blue. Pink, Lavender. Red. Gray and Green; handsome heavy corded 1 \J y.-i QQo. YARD— 500 yards Point de Paris worth 45c. at....... 33c dozen
«*— e "t5i. P# -i- e f a^L CO1 A lf ' s °f finest Scotch Ginghams; most of them are . iara OUC and Duchesse Lace Allover. In Afkfk Dozen Edges and Insertions, r^
y w °rth Ijc and .Oc. On sale at lOc yard. (No samples given.) choice patterns, worth 60c yard. v "t\J\J worth 65c, , at 5Oc dozen
I j 1000 New Gibson Silk Waists, Worth '$7.50, for jSL I
i HALF the former selling prices. Every waist in this immense-purchase shows the best of JB B% /[ •/ /\ \
;— 3 workmanship. Made of the finest PEAU BE SOIE. PEAU DE CYGNE and 1§&V %a il fijl /-A •?/ / /*¦') rS
"^ i TAFFETA. The styles r.re very fetching— made with side pleated back and front, with m^Sk BB H ' \^A '"J I / I H2
-j: - Gibson pleat. The colorings embrace Black. White. Light Blue, Pink, Ros-al, Lavender, «^L I H M H P-.L XxS&S&ltr^Oz. J
«g~ B Yellow, Reseda. Cardinal and Rose; sizes 32 to 44. To fully meet the demands of the im- M^VMf tHGII V3 \*S^ *^nr ¦ -g
•-- * mense crowds we expect at this sale we have arranged for extra space and extra help, -^V^ »-wwii I M US
1 and though most of these Waists are worth $8.50 and $7.50, we put them all in at the one unprecedentedly low price of 1-.. \\ :.
y-; I $3.89 Each h .
SZ \^ Come Monday, and come early. Get first chance at rarest bargains of your life. / .
I Another Big Sale of Extra Special Offerinff df Dress Goods!
S= Olll/ Ttmnft 01/ir^A "&? \ We will inaugurate to-morrow a great sale of Colored and Black Dress -^
y Allll i'lHSS iM H iP\ ) Goods, embracing this season's most wanted weaves, in the scarcest color- T*
Wl 111 &f I UvU VllII IUI if I A i ngs> -^ ver y Pi ece has that soft and clinging' effect; just the fabrics that are =3
185 Samples at A/most Half Price. ? f U) in great demand at present.
fetmS tfi'SSfPi i«iii All-Wool Batiste, the 60c Quality for 44c Yd. I
«j~ gillilUj OlOtJUj OlOi I J| gtZiUUi WMB A fabric for evening and street wear; a sheerand soft material in colors '3
•^" one of the most importans: sciiiner events which win fjW^S. of Cream, Cadet, Gray, Royal, Castor, Red, Reseda, Biscuit Navy Beaver"^
S^ occur here to-morrow is a Ms c.ffcrinv of NEW SAM- ,- V£sa&§ nnH Rlart- On cn1<» MnnHav nt ' .l'i«. v I *^S
PLE DRESS SKIRTS at a rr'i*> that barely covers the WM^ tfiaCK. Un sale AlonQay at. 44c Yard
cort of materials. Every FKi'RT In this lot is typical K/V^vk"^ ¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ '¦ m*. "~^m
m— of the prevailing mode In it* l.cst form. They were [&J&JW2± \\t\\\f\ onfl MinTml LTOITIinn OnftAin 01 Hfl V»l "^
g— purchased by our New York buyer from the loading £&2&h$2>S VllllP 3110 IyIInTiHI rlHfl lllH .\ II P P I H I \l INI Y fl
S= Bkirt manufacturer. Bettins at almost half price all jUfe$&£»Suh fUllU UlIU III 10 II Ul L-IUllllllU UUOUlQIl OIlUU I U I =3
¦b- thfir s-jirintr samples. Included are the most faFh- 4£iiV£SBE£&MKxm&^ i~- \. i • ' n »l i *i t i ¦ , — *»
«JS lonabie Btyico of PEAr dkt soiK. moire velour. Great value in all the new colorings, the fabrics most favored for a styl- — •
= CofJnd^LrtTar 1 ; SfuSTSr^SSSSi' with "n,?- ish gOWn ' warranted c wooI « soft pretty; very exceptional at -J
gT* f.f?. juby trimming:, hemstitclie.1 an.l tucked. Thf fln- "^^^V^^^^SiS^Sr "" " ' «>1.00 Yard *TS
wmm. ish. har.g and fit is perfect. To be sold at the fol- r ~l!r^^^^T^f l fi2s£!w^S!& mam it I m ia ¦ mi "^»
I SdTsohTKat $10.75 High-ciass skST$^75 -BOO -Yaids Black Crepe de Paris, Hggil
~Z Reft. Value $18.30 wi w Re6< Value $ 2 S.OO ¥ y We made a grand purchase of a superb -quality Black Silk Q* A \ 9
5= Pflflll ria at CIQ Kfi Hifrh Place at COO Kfi and W ° o1 Cre P e de Paris - o{ an elegant and rich fast black dye, fhl'i ,
= "SrvSSlMK at 5ld.0U_H"gn;Ua^sj>kirts oo at 522.50 • cl ° th wdl worth &^j p« fsSr. °^^1
1 200 WALKING SKIRTS MONDAY, Worth $6, for $3.95 Ea, 1 1 i
•^- A genuine skirt bargain that should brine: many eager buyers to our new Skirt De- . onn v»^^o ok*» KlnH tnr 1^ L< 1 1 1 1 VJ — *o
Jfc partment to-morrow. They come in all sizes and waistbands, and are made of a high- wuo Taros * oc ! n , Tor . ¦ *m T*l «"^ s*t : w a m "ZZ,
m^~ prad« all wool Cheviot, in colors of Light and Oxford Gray, Blue. Brown and Black. White corded and fancy Striped VJ r* L I "A I "^
Thoy all have the new graduated flounce, are handsomely stitched and" tucked: grand -p;,,,,,, t nr ,..,; cfl . _ nr i r l r » CCP= n nnf 1 . *— ' * L<Vlr\L(t -^
m^ looking garments that are worth $8.00. for .1 $3 .95 each i'lque tor waists ana dresses. • OOOd . .. . < , • ,
Jt: ' ¦ value at 25c yard. Monday 14c 1500 yards 30c quality Mercerized ¦££
i 50 Dozen HEW WHITE LAWN and COLORED WASH WAISTS. li Flret showlns of ~
SI SI.5O Values. Monday's Sensational Price QUIRT WAl^T Monday only, at. ..Yard -^'C 3
SE: Bewitching In style and cut. most exceptional, from the price £** m g\m Omit I WMIO I J J ' ' Xcllu
m— standpoint, are the waLsts we offer on speciaj sale to-morrow. They RIB 1111% Ol IITC rn n «¦ i • > , ', jf
¦P- are made of White Lawn, cluAer tucked with embroidery insertion. Hk Z 41 1 QVI I «¦ hll 00761) SlOflK (IP I FlrP's'? Sn P fl? — •»
SZ- hare tucked collars a.nd cuSs: also Chambray and Gingham Waists _]^ I 1 U W r P :.. r * C Cfl C7 Kfl In «U Kfl CnJI t , olubnl " cl ulc « 0HHSIU5, -«
In beauUful stripes and colorings. Are regular $1.50 waists. To be fiJLB H _ . NlCES «>0 OU,5>/.t3U 10 )1I.OU CkUIT In the best sizes. Rood qual- — T =3»
£ "° ld for t°-"orrow only at gi.Q5 each T ¦ Each . ity, worth i 2 y 2 c; Monday. . Pair ,/C, 3
I IMMENSE SAVINGS IN HOUSE FURNISHINGS THIS WEEK. 1
% COMFORTER SALE. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES GREAT TOWEL VALUES. 3
SI j^M^^^ < e^^^^SV^S^ l \^ t^lS\.- A hIsh &fad * of Sheeting has been used for them; were ,100 dozen all linen Htick Towels, size 18x34 IS
E oft U andpur e^w^t Z e\ofton. 6 and C Tr^^^ ?£l&* c r e d . ard mU1 to-be -old much below present . _ in white, red and blue borders, good wearing
IB SSS^SSK^Si^^.?^ $1.25 'Towels; worth $2.00 a dozen; on sale a&fe
«- • • <;00 sheets, size 72x00; reg. val. 55c. On sale at 4!>c each ; Each ¦ <" 2 v.
HONEYCOMB BED SPREADS. ioo^ox. ™^^ s :^6;^g. yai. i^c. on.aie^^ 150 dozen hand loom German Linen Huck Tow- -3
¦^- 20 dozen extra heavy Bed Spreads for double beds, size 150 doz. Pillow Cases, 00x3G; reg. val. 15c. On sale at.. els," Size 20X40, the best Values we ever presented '~^m
2%x2>4 yards. In choice patterns, already hemmed and ....'-. lie each ; n „,),;,,, ..j . o'nHMno K^^i^-^ *u '
5= ready for use. Good value at $1.00. Sale <P1 1A 100 doz. Pillow Cases, 54x36; reg. val. 17Kc. On sale at. . in wnue, reu ana Diue DOrders, worth <){?;*
j-^ price.... Each tJ>«»lU ..........; ;... 13c each $4.00 a dozen; on sale at .....Each *Jt =^
C= : COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION — — -— ; ; ' / ' ___^
E Ladies' Spring Underwear. OCC- j^^L £*** &&i%^
Special Value at £ J Eadl /m Q S/f&t* AP&/k MdfY&S W^T^^^^i' Ever y Fair and Guaranteed. =3
S=. A very important offering in Ladies' (M M M fwtMMmeif mM EX li! m / Mi J&J& M/*^S • 5 ° dozen of the finest French Kid ¦
Underwear of fine Egyptian Cotton, in BM f^9 Of /M/MSM 'M6S-MB bS/AW B/aWL&JB W J Gloves go on sale to-morrow. It's a
fc White and Ecru; Pants knee or ankle jM^lf fW^ 1^* 5^ V J 3
morrowat 25c Each sizes'; grand value at $l.OO'a pair
FREE EXAMINATION WEEK!
Drs. Shores, the Catarrh and Chronic Disease Experts,
Give Their Services Free This Week.
•—,",. ¦« : ;'i ' In order to demonstrate to the sick and afflicted the value of CORRECT
jflgggjlpll^^g,^ DIAGNOSIS in the cure of Deafness, Catarrh and all forms of Nervous and
¦ Bg^pi8H«|pB5ll5§ra*k Complicated Chronic Diseases, Drs. Shores have arranged to examine ah-
J9 "«^»w S^sBRflk - • solutely free of charge all who apply before May nth. Drs. Shores will tell
1||[||«|sft you, FREE, what the disease is from which you suffer, the "CAUSE" of your
v l^KB ailment and "WHETHER" or not you can be CURED.
-*e»w ' This grand special offer goes into effect AT ONCE and holds good every
rftfStos&Egi&fc day this week up to SATURDAY NIGHT AT 8 O'CLOCK. May 10th to
'^Sg^'^SP^/-- *ljn/ • all who apply. DIFFICULT ANT> OBSCTJBE CASES ESPECIAIiLY HT-
- / V/j VITED. Apply any day this week.
/(A (M.- CATARRH INSTRUMENT FREE!
..aJIgPi )ffl[ Drs. Shores & Shores have arranged to give to all beginning treatment this week with
r^SSsT ¦ ' }ffil catarrh or any catarrhal chronic disease their NEW CATARRH INSTRUMENT AB3O-
»»"-? jJjBggl LUTELY FREE OF CHARGE. Drs. Shores make this offer at this time to Impress upon
\ a&!8%8»*. catarrh victims the Importance of the SPRING TIME as the season of the year when
V_/ _ * CHRONIC CATARRH In all its complicated forms yields most readily to proper treatment
ONE MONTH'S TREATMENT NOW IS EQUAL IN CURATIVE EFFECT t6 THREE AT
/BK^^9S&&$&, M&S&b^ ' -' ANY OTHER SEASON OF THE YEAR. This free catarrh Instrument Is especially con-
Jm K. *S8SW Lr#««4i8&SDSa. structed for administering Drs. Shores' GERMlCIDAL ANTISEPTIC WASHES and HEAL.
¦ymi* Y^vS^ir i&®™™ ING BALMS in chronic catarrhal conditions. |t is ABSOLUTELY FREE to all catarrh mif-
V% iiSSjBSfty fere " beKlnnlng treatment with Drs. Shores THIS WEEK.
«// /^ iWwf H 1E3MM Drs. .Shores' vast experience in personally treating thousands of sufferers with thi3 disease
W//J I / % ¦JKltM VmW is positive assurance that in curable cases DRS- SHORES WILL POSITIVELY CURE YOU
' ' l'r / Catarrh, with Its FOUL ODORS, is a DISGUSTING DISEASE; catarrh saps your VITALITY-
{ lhi/ : -'^y^ \ ¦ catarrh destroys the sense of SMELL: catarrh Produces DEAFNESS; catarrh may lead you
HtW . '¦ into that awful disease. CONSUMPTION; wh>' n °t cure it now? Why put off treatment until
'( : I &Z{&]&aBl7 some IRREPARABLE DAMAGE has been don^ 7 „ _
V ¦'. . "vasSStZt if you begin treatment with dr^- pj i°Res this week you get thb
v - ' . •' "WONDERFUL CATARRH INSTRUMENT AB SOLUT ELY FREE OF CHARGE. CONSULi
DR. A. J. SHORES. TATION FREE TO ALL. ""
TEST DRS. SHORES' SKILL '¦'¦/
AT DR5. SHORES' EXPENSE
This free expert examination is given by Drs. Shores for the special benefit of those -who §&+§3§g^ * 1
are in DOUBT as to what their ailment really Is. It will also allow the public to test FREE f^^^^S '
Drs. Shores' skill as expert physicians and specialists at Drs. Shores' expense. Drs. Shores J§S?JK3£f if?BBfrt .iSS 1
court the fullest investigation. This expert examination is absolutely free to all who apply [LaSSfe? Mfz^-^fQ 'Ea
ME r rfoil 1 PA^ O D^^ VI sS6^i'^E?iS? IREI) T ° TAKE TREAT -
i Drs. Shores know there are thousands of sick- people with catarrh or some OBSCURE \i\ fji "*" \
NERVOUS OR COMPLICATED CHRONIC OR PRIVATE DISEASE who blindly doctor year WC^ • • 4T^J
after year with this doctor or that, and spend hundreds of dollars on "FAKE PATENT MEDI- JBypf*!
CINES." who have no correct or definite Idea WHAT THEIR AILMENT REALLY IS or ' *ZW '. *
the CAUSE of their sickness. It is to this class of sufferers that Drs. Shores' free expert ex- - ng**^
amlnatlon wlllprove of INESTIMABLE BENEFIT. ¦ ' . - v ¦.'" l^EaJ'ii- N
If you are a "Doubting Thomas" as to Drs. Shores'. skill; If you are deaf: If you have *1§Ibs£1K« A " /
Catarrh; if you suffer from any chronic Disease and are in DOUBT as to the CAUSE of your >A^l|a*S?»,-w^ ¦/
ailment, Drs. Shores especially Invite you to come. This free expert examination is made to .
DEMONSTRATE clearly to the afflicted that DRS. SHORES ARE "IN FACT" WHAT THEY \^
ARE IN NAME— San Francisco's LEADING SPECIALISTS IN THE TREATMENT OF -<<«S!£$§«sP s \ >©5|r/
DEAFNESS, CATARRH AND ALL FORMS OF NERVOUS AND COMPLICATED CHRONIC WmfkJSZv S. 11^
LEASES .DRS. SHORES- VOLUNTARY TESTIMONIALS FROM HOME PEOPLE EACH f^S^rTP4\! \V '
WEEK POINT .THE WAY. g If you apply this week Drs. Shores will tell you free what your ' l^^^^^^w-4^R~^ \3^
ailment is and If you can be. cured. DO NOT DELAY. COME ANY DAY THIS WEEK "•«W^JS^fi i S8e^A^^>w » f*C "'
After you have had your case diagnosed FREE, If you want to be CURED Drs Shores' ' 15 SS*§SN*i*55k >v \ ¦ \ \.
prices and terms are within the easy reach of all— ?5 a month for all catarrhal chronic dls- ' \k \ X 7
eases, medicines free. ¦.•'""- "' ' \ ' /
DRS. SHORES & SHORES, Specialists «.T!ftLa
p =^ Wiley B. Allen Bldg., 933 Market : St. ta .Ra^« 2 a l£\JZZ^
Office Hours— Week Days, 9 a. m: to 4 p. m. Evenings, 6 to 8. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 12 m ¦ ' » Kl 1 E^ Dtom llst aad « e * ">«»« 1 *dvU»
¦ ¦¦¦ ' . ¦¦¦•¦¦¦: ¦ ¦..-.-. ¦ . .. ¦ . . ¦ . .¦¦..>». ¦ • . ""»•. _
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i... ANOTHER LARGE SHIPMENT OF...
THF FAMOIK Kllli
Jenness-liilerM
<po-DU O
a HYGIENIC SHOES. X
mpW* ...JUST RECEIVED...
nc * to ma ' <e room *° r them we will close out
J|| THIS WEEK J§§
Cffl|il izoo pairs Ladies' Fine Vici Kid and Patent Leather . mBX
5i^M Lace Shoes, welted soles, stitched
Kg&ifl edges and Ight, flexible sewed —at... WMffl
fS&sifla ' 'soles. Regular $3.00, $3.50 and <£/"> Cr\ f ~f '•/
j^M 54.00 Shoes. All stylish and up- 3> X' OU pS^/
*^ Also some special values In
J8k Men's and Boys' Shoes JBfc
Special sale every Monday at 9 a. m.
m xw8 see our windows - wM
Wg NOLAN BROS. JF .
PHELAN BUILDING, 812-814 Market St. 'M%$$?9Eagles' Day at the Bakersfleld Fair
The trial of Thomas Galvin. on a charge
of perjury was set by Judge Cook yester
day to take place on May; 19. -The of
fense was committed while Galvin was
testifying at his. trial on the charge of
beating and robbing Mrs.. Ellen J. Foote
at- the- Elysium. .566 Geary street.- ~ The
sentence of Anita Clark, who was impli
cated with him and pleaded guilty to rob
bery, was postponed till' June. 6.. ' • ;¦
Galvin's Trial for Perjury.
Enormous Gain in. Importations. ,,
, Moet.'&.Chandon Champagne, increased
in importations i during 1901 over a quarter
of a million.' or, : more accurately ; ah in
crease of 252,432 bottles over the year 1900,
equal i to* more - than .-. 100 ' per cent : of ' tho
combined-increase of allUhe other cham
pagne houses, which speaks volumes for
the excsllence of Moet.&Chandon. White
Seal.— Bonfort'sWincand Spirit Circular.*
Prisoner v McDonough ; Explains.
Fred^Gray and. James :McDonough,' in
dicted for conspiracy to j counterfeit, were
arraigned yesterday in- the United States
District' Court. Gray? entered"' a plea' of
not' guilty and McDonough; who appeared
as his own attorney, and i corrfldent in : the
innocence of his, client, remarked that:^hft
wanted \"j"to ' ; : knock ¦ that" indictment.V
judge de' Haven ; allowed him ' until ; Mon
day to prepare : his motion. • - i^pi
Will Receive Degrees at
• : Berkeley. .
Many members of the senior class of the
Hastings College* of Law. .'the law school
of the, University of Calif ornia,' have been
recommended by the faculty to the board
of directors for- graduation, and if ap
proved by ; the- board .will . receive the de
gree of bachelor, of laws. The conferring
of: the degrees, will take place,, on com
mencement day at- Berkeley. May 14.
Those recommend for graduation are:
Mark Anthony.- Herbert W. Bailey. William
A." Barnhlll. -Herbert-'— . Breed. Ernest . A.
Clausen. Ezra W. Decoto, Joseph .V. de I^ive
aga. Jessie L,. Dibert.M. W. Dinkelsplel. Wil
liam, S.; Downing:,, Joseph- A. Farry, George H.
Harlan." Josephine Harris. A. I*. Hart. Lewis
A. Hilborn, Joseph -I*. Kennady, ." James M.
Mannon, ; II. ; T>. .McCreary." Georse H. More,
Kmma 1 M. .North, Edward A. O Brlen. John'
M."f O'Brien,' Samuel Foorman Jr.. Bert S.
Daniel McLaughlin Sentenced.
Daniel McLaughlin was brought from
the County Jail to Judge Fritz's court
yesterday to receive his sentence on ;i
charge of malicious mischief for throwing
stones and bricks through the windows of
Policeman Dan Sylvester's house, at 1049
York street, on the night of January 1
The Judge sentenced McLaughlin to pay
a fine of $30, with the alternative of serv
ing twenty-five days in jail. He is now
serving three months for. an assault upon
Mrs. Lizzie Voiset, committed on ths
same night.
...
The Best Fountain Pens."
We are selling, agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens.',' $2 50 to $19
each, and sole .agents for the. "Marshall."
the best $1 fountain pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7U Market street •
Suits for divorce. were filed yesterday by
Augusta , de 1 Barberre ; against - Rinaldo : de
Barberre': for cruelty,? Charles' W. Boxer
Gertrude K.' Callinan, who is suing -Wil
liam G. Callinan,'; leader of 'the 'Columbia
Theater .' Orchestra, for divorce,"'- filed van
answer to | her • husband's cross-complain t
yesterday,, in - .which -she (denied .'. the
charges made. by him: ; She says she never
struck him or raised any» disturbance, at
the, Columbia or that she commenced di
vorce proceerlings for the purpose of caus
ing him trouble.- • :
George Evans, who is being sued for di
vorce onvthe ground of j cruelty^by'Mag
gie Evans, tiled an, answer to,- his; wife's
suit ¦, yesterday.' He, denies that he ever
beat 'her land' alleges that she is not his
wife. ' Evans keeps" a restaurant at; 318
Third; street: ': v ¦ ; : :^i
to .'Cross-Complaint . Filed by
Orchestra Leader.
Mrs. Gertrude .Callinan Files Answer
DENIES TH AT ; SHE EVER < C .
!V STRUCK HER HUSBAND
ern California.
Aaron H. Powers of the Retail Grocers*
Advocate returned yesterday from a three
months' trip to Southern California, where
he went to organize branches of the Re
tail Grocers" Association. He succeeded
In organizing twenty-one branches. In
AdHI a convention was held in L,os An
freles and a permanent organization was
effected under the title of the Affiliated
Retail Grocers'. Association of IjOs Ange
les At the dose. of the convention' the
Jobbers of Los Angeles tendered a banquet
to the retailers. Powers' was .presented
with a gold watoh and heavy jeweled fob.
•'When I got to Los Angeles I found a
very weak organization there." said
Powers. "As soon as this was built-up,
the grocers In the adjoining towns soon
fell into line." .
Steps will be taken next month to'or-
Been Formed Recently in South-
Over a Score of Associations Have
GROCERS ORGANIZING
TO SECURE NEW LAWS
FACULTY RECOMMENDS
MANY FOR GRADUATION
Students at. Hastings College of Lav
Quayle. Joseph . M. - Hainea. Charles E. Reith.
H. S. Richmond, Walter Rothchlld. Arthur N
Salisbury, William H. Smith Jr., Edward J
Talbott. James E. White. William K White
and H. E. Worley.
against "¦May '. Boxer ¦.'.'• for desertion and
Catherine J. Allen against -Thomas Allen
for tallure to provide. ¦ *
ganize the grocers of Northern Califor
nia on the same basis. In July the con
vention of the State Grocers' Association
will be held in Oakland. The object of the
association is the procuring of needed
legislation to protect the storekeeper from
dishonest debtors, i: . ; , >s£?qs
Six flats will be erected on the cast line
of Clay 6treet, S7:6 feet north from
Haisrht. by Thomas F. Parkinson at a cost
Of $16,000.
Certain contracts have been placed by
the Crocker Hotel Company for the con
struction of the huge hotel on Powell and
Geary streets. The fireproof floor arches,
roof arches, strip filling and suspended
ceilings and cornice will cost $30 W2. The
heating spparatus will cost $13,500.
James P. Treadwcll has awarded con
tracts fo' the construction of a three
etory frame building with stone founda
tions on the northeast corner of Sntter
and Euchanan streets, the cost being
about S15.000.
Mrs. Catherine Callaghan will put up
a three-story and basement building on
the northwest corner of Turk street and
Van Ness avenue, to be used for stores
and fiats. The cost of construction will
be $30,000.
The Sparry Flour Company will ex
pend $30,000 in the erection of an office
building and warehouse on the northwest
line of Spear street, east from Mission.
A two-story building to contain four
flats will be placed by John Tunnicliffe on
the east line of Bartlett street, south
from Twenty-third, to cost $9500.
Germain Pouchan will erect a three
story frame building for flats and stables
on the southeast corner of Scott and *J- -
streets.
C. A. Malm, will build another addition
to his trunk factory at Folsom and
Eighteenth streets, consisting of a three-
Story and basement structure.
Work has been begun on the building
fcr the Little Sisters of the Poor on the
north line of Lake street, east from Fifth
avenue. •
Mrs. Bridget Daly will build an apart
ment house on the south line of Ellis
street. S7:6 feet west from. Jones, to con
tain three stores and ten apartments, the
cost being $18,000.
Baldwin & Howell will auction villa lots
in subdivision 1 of San Mateo Park next
Saturday. An excursion will be run to
Ban Mateo, the round trip rate being only
CO cents, which includes lunch at the Ho
tel Mateo and lunch to be given under
the trees on the hotel grounds. There are
ninety-seven lots to be disposed of in
tracts of about one acre each. The sale
will take place in Library Hall at 1 p. m.
Baldwin & Howell have established a
branch office at San Mateo. The avenues
through the park hane been graded and
several thousand shade and ornamental
trees have been planted. Nearly all the
tract is within the corporate limits of San
Mateo.
The Flood office building on tho Bald
win Hotel elte will cost $1,000,000.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will hold an
auction next Tuesday of offerings of real
estate.
Lyon &. Hoag have removed to 116 Mont
gomery street. These brokers have been
made sole agents for the sale of the
Baird Estate Company's property in the
block bounded by Page and Haight streets
and Central and Masonic avenues.
Offices have been opened by Guy T.
Wayman at 207 Montgomery street.
iilnn. Harrington & Co. have dissolved
partnership. J. W. Flinn is located at 114
Slontg ornery street.
The Pattridge property, better known
as the Bay View Farm, which was re
cently offered to the city as the site of a
pc-sthouse. has been placed in the hands
of Baldwin &; Howell for sale. Several
physicians have been looking at the spot
with the idea of establishing a sanitarium
there, finding its climate and location
well adapted for the purpose suggested.
The property is improved.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction realty
on Monday, May 12.
Oscar T. Lun ing has bought the north
corner of Third and Jessie streets, 69x79
feet, from Leon Kauffman and Henry J.
Kahn for $142,000. The Crooks heirs sold
the same property a few months ago for
$123,000.
Llarie Mocker has bought from Joseph
R. Mogan 24x100 feet on the north line of
Market Etreet, 175 feet west from City
Hail avenue, for $43,000.
The sale of the synagogue on the north
east corner of Post and Taylor streets,
with lot. for $105,000 has been ratified by
the Congregation Sherith Israel. The ad
joining property on the north line of Post
Etreet, east from Taylor, has been con
veyed by Marion Leventritt to Sophie M.
Sage Ior $4D,0u0.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold to H.
H. Thunnann for C. C. Murphy for $10.
000 fifty acres near Napa, mainly in or
caard;*_lso l&K) acres of unimproved land
near Stockton for the Hager estate to
Wright & Ewell of Stockton for $20,000.
Lot 230x100. southeast line Madrid street, in
block 37, Excelsior Homestead, lor $2250; lot
60xl_0. east line Twelfth avenue. 275 feet
north of J street, for $1000; lot 107:6x100,
northeast corner ot J street and Forty-eighth
avenue, for $2160; lot 100x120. In clock 72G,
lor $800; let 25x120. west line of Tenth ave
nue, 125 feet south of L. street, for «4>50; lot
135x121.'. wfst line of Ninth avenue. 125 rest
north of M etreet. for ?TO0; lot 25x100, -west
line of JTiith avenue, 25 feet north of K street,
for $8511; let 50x100. with one-story cottaere on
northeast corner of Persia avenue and London
street. Vi the Excelsior Homestead, for $200U.
Wright _ EweP have sold for the estate
of N. ,K. Masteo 45:10x137:6 feet on the
southeast line ot Mission street* 91:8 feet
southeast from Beale street, with im
provements th2t bring ir. Wu per month,
for S5S,000. Ths purchaser is not named
bv the brokers.
Sol G«t_ &. Bro. report the following
sales:
Shainwald. Buc_bee & Co. have sold for
James S. Bunnell to Anna T. Tubbs the
Busliriell residence on the north line of
pacitic avenue, with Jot 43:9x127:8%, west
from Pierce street 1(2:6 feet, for $25,000.
Henry Kahn and _eon Kauffman have
bought the Golden Ga.te Hotel, on the west
line of Fourth street, between Mission
_r.J Howard street?, through the agency
ot G. "H. Umbsen • <_ Co., for $47,50u. the
lot being o4:4Vi in -xront with a depth of
iSt feet to Howard court, on which it has
a irontage of 6S;» feet, with secondary
depth of 70 feet I
The extent of building in San Francisco
since the opening of the present year in
dicates the reason for the solidity of the
real estate market. General confidence in
the stability of San Francisfco and its
steady growth are at the bottom of the
E2nny large building projects that have
been made oublic or are now under con
sideration. The gross value represented by
iLe building operations of four months in
this city exceeds' that of the correspond
izs months in 1901 by $1,400,000. The con
tracts aggregate J5.140.5W for the first four
months of lirt_. April made a showing of
5i,626,sa7. Mo April in the history of San
i>_ndsco has —pproaclied that total by
*>e\ era! hundred thousand dollars.
The week just past has not been, char
acterized by many laree sales.
Market Gains in Strength
From Operations cf the
Capitalists.
Cost of Construction Is
Measure of Realty
Demand.
NEW BUILDINGS
SHOW AGTIVITY
#i?HE;;iS^^^
Friday. May 9, will be Eagles' day Vat tho
Bakersfleld Street Fair and Carnival. Ticket*
will be sold at Santa Fe office. 641 Market St.;
at one far* for the round trip for all trains
May 7. good to return until May -11. ,t This Is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquln -Valley
and the. Kern County Oil Fields. :,;;..
21
ADVEIiTISEMEIfTS.
CURES WEAK. MEN FREE.
IrEurcs Love and a Happy Home for
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of eun>ring from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, nigbt losses, vaiicocele. etc.; and en-
large t^mall. weak organs to full size and vigor.
Klmply fend your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1U73 Hull building, Detroit, .
Mi- h., fand they -will gladly send the free re-
ceipt with full directions tso any man may
easily cure himself at home. This Is certainly
a most generous offer, and the following ex-
tract? taken from their daily mall ehow what
men think of their generoj-ity:
"Dear Kirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
lor ycure of recent <Ja«e. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
b*>en extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Ju*t an vigorous ae when a boy
_nd you cannot realize how happy I am."
"Dear Kir»: Your method worked beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
und enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear E:rs: Yours was received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully eay it is a boon to
weak men. I em ereatly improved in size,
fctrength and vigor."
All correspondence is strictly confidential,
n_il«d in plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
ta free for the asking and they want every
m_ to have it.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. 1 1 1 THE EMPORIUM. , —\ THE EMPORIUM. . | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
I The Beau^l New Manicuring an^ G ZS?* *J&?'i^& B ¥ i F fa ' ¦' I
j; Hair Dressing Parlors, on g , . -:.: ..••. - — -— — ¦ . : .6 Ottered for Monday Only. >j
j Second Floor, Open fo-Morrow. V ___V ; __.^'' : -" i v t All -Wool India Twill 39c. 5
t_ The hasdscmest and best appointed Ladies' Har Dressing Parlors on this side of ths icon- - ' ¦ jfij^ '"' For; to-morrow "only, we offer a- thousand yards' of 44-inch All- Wool India ': *
5» tinent. The hair stare, main reception : and manicuring rooms are finished and furnished in _*^^_^ _^ ' Twill, of excellent quality and one of-the most popular fabrics of th_ season; ' x^
•>° Flemish Oik. The half-dozen face massagi andy shampao room's arc all in^ d'.ff.rent colored ' '""'-"¦' _r_r^_^' A^^ —-r^X^>' 4t - — f^^ J^9i .^^iS^ff Jf Mf ~ fflff'-^' ' suitaWe for waists, house gowns and thilidren's dressrsj a fabric that w:n tuck ~ &
*" woods and have the most modern equipments. When having th: ha> washed ladiss can lie back' jJL tifff /" EK & "Tfflffhf fWlfif M W -f WWM n ' Ce:y; '" SUCh Ieadln 5 shid " of c°"o""g "» bische, pearl, tan, reseda, royal "*£&§£* \
t in comfortable reclining chairs, and the hair afterwards being quickly dried by electric fans. A' _# i J§ jff^/^/^/ %^Wfi^§^_fi_--— bluc » " dtt » ta^c and navy, at the amazingly . W specal price, per yard .. <W* «^ *T »,
J. visit of inspection is solicited. Second -floor, near west elevators. ' " "/»ai irrTDMIA'C I Abr«re-p' - _F '''" : ' li______»**- -^ -^^^^ —-——____ — . — : : . — ¦ jj-
_ - Wn-lrwrllilHO LAHutoT"' i_____«_i___S^ «
I *+ _-_*-. «»_*# i_t/_r_* irftrt or __«_ -«___*G3RKS«!gf^____^ B^^^^^ An Extraordinary Veiling Event. :%
*; VtUfflS SSffBti FKSiSGS &&G BL&Gha *^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE Commencir.g Monday we place on sa'e an immense %
5* _~ft g- ¦ _p " JlJUJtJnii ' . . , ¦ ¦ ¦ — : — — — — ; — — ¦ ~- ~— purchase of .Novelty -Veiling (nearly 15,000 yards), an .jk^S^^S— ¦£ U« _ X
I /> t*nOBGB Of 3yuO. :_ ; Lester : and, KenVsEeaiUiful Electric^ W^^^-- %
X J?^V Wh «n the dffi"cu't'es regarding the government of HOUrS in thsAipS, COftflnueS dliritlg Ule COtMtlg- Plain Tux:do, BkcK and Colors; *
- 1 Sam ° a wcrc finally settled in the summerof week^ Dl'tyr fromioa/^m ¦ Chen^c SpalTvxedos^Wack and Colors; $
* \A\WMAJ " "wAehlghchlsfsMalietOl'Tanu and Mataafa . , ¦. , , .. ¦. , „„, ,, ¦¦• The regular prices of which are from - 5 c to 50c the yard, •«
J» <s\ ° D e^ a^-°f the natives surrendered to the Welcome ZMav! We 're gild yOU 're here; beginning Monday, our astonishing special sale gl_f_ ' Jf^ /f \
j^VV: \ v \ \'l Joint Hi_h Commission of the Three Great ' We like this Season of Hie year. , price... . . . . . ... . . ... .-. _7Cr ' £
I H^SI^^P^^P^SI ifSPI^iSSSiii ' Silk mixture Wash Fabrics. *
i V ) . , man > r - ncarl y 35oo firearms. Th=se_ were : ; Or else with golf stkks.iod orgllh, . :'.: < The 50c QliaiitV 34c ¦ I
$ V A bought to the Mare Island Navy-yard by 'the " . Will get our healthful COUTltrv fun. >' \ Ar n r •! t T m c^ m- j V w - tt v *
it /h^^V United States vessel Badger, and now nearly FvovvthSn^M^-^awfai. A "-S? " nge ° f S ° ld co . Io l rln g s J m th; £ N T Sllk -M'«? Lux= Wash Fabncs.
- a '/JiLn I lu< u 1 L 1 L '¦ _ c • EVeFytning* NeCeSSary WOr ¦ Thess are a heavier weight and more firmly, made fabric than Mousceline de *
S tu WMh A r T -r UE u - tnC r Outdoor Snort* and Pastimes ' . Soie, but equally stylish; with neat woven dots; tliey come in all the even- \
I »M- T«W# -. Government, and w^lpUce. abour 3000 of UUtUOOr &pOrtS flHCf FaSUmeS, ing shades, a'-so black and dark colors; instead of 50c yard, they *_,_*__ I
»' I'M* *m X m ,° n SPC U ' btgmnmg QSSff* j~3&* ¦¦¦¦ rn 3fr ¦ Attractively iV c priced for to-morrow's special selling only ar, yard 34-G *
H J // , A k \\ 1 Monday — each ¦ ££7^?«_r /V^KoV^v Q^~ Z&k '-•-¦»' ' *
* \ VI III // V I " : ¦ : I ZJ^^il sz*i\\ Priced* \ Zephyr Chambrays-'In hundreds of new 500 pi«« of Best Grade Tcnnr. Flannels— *
\i \ W WVSM' f binesofvarious makes, Guns and Muskets of all r^^ >Vf^ \ Tennis, Baseball, fishing, msa.ds, str.pes, , a:ds ; yard 1UC yard, all 7 /*C *
|S \Kmn /I33 ___=__b dcsc "P tion! - Fully 2ooo-ot them with a ; I \ N ' ¦\W--^ > Q> //-. \ , Hunting and for the Ama-. Berry Time HorC. Outing SUitS, $4*35. 5
I fl ihl I^ll'-V- ; }utlecleaning polishing and oiing.vvill.be {^ /jV\- J \V ; .tcur and Professional Pho- . The DishzS Cheap, The s«r_on now 6'rlv be- __ %
J. | VMj I (_,V m good condition for shooting. A 1 of them f ¦ \\ /A' V \ (\ \_> topranher at derjartmen . • c ¦ -^S_ «
! *• % [ J \ •?, , • • i ' • r , ¦ V \_»w i/\ \~v V Jr • l °g ra P ncr » at acpartmen . . . • , g:ni for ounng garmrnts * y^y^y* 5
I*. W 1 ' will make most artistic decorations for dens, - X ' '^ — ' store prices. /"^'"*X ofalljtyles. Wehavc y s j j
I _" cozy corntrs, c.ubrooms, etc. • • J\ jX. ju— -_*C/ „• i * m -,• ... _'_ ' //^iSi'i' \ (X ' on tfsphy a very large /C*ir _
»: : ~" ' ~ ~~ ~" 'W T^^W~* * S V" kc % <«l?l~>;ic Stroke Bdb, Monday .. Wo ¦ t^ 9^ -J nor M, Suio for A^lu I
5 Handsomely Bound Books 2So< . |B . \ W^^M°M^--'-^ *° \i2^<mSlS^>- _%_-__?_: / jflK J
|| 96 Tifles-A Wonderful Value. . \Wl \ . _^ff^32 l __i?a?ii1-^5W.SS X!'T_7-' _ft_f_ES U) S
j^* On Monday you will find on the salestaWes in the main aisle several thousand vo'umes legibly J / l^> ' Oxford Single Tube Tires, pair . . ... . $6.QO • ,^j- • «tri d ff ts tr " " t\J **
j*._ printed on good paper, uniformly ' bound in dark, wine-co!ored silk ribbed cloth, g'.k tops, title / ,. Morgan & Wright Inner Tubes, first quality. '.' $1. 15 ' wirTtu' " • ° UXT * I I/ «
;» pages in two colors— fa- c'.nating books written by world famcus authors and <•#_"_* V^Sv Solar, G« Lamp, model 1902 .. .... .$3.OO Th ' s Car:s ' rald ch!na Berr y ' cr Sa ' ad Sct > con ' _fil^» *«fr V" T^ If <
Ijf published at 75c each, which we offer Monday and whi'equantty lasts— each . d££DG €^^5_1_^^^_? Twentieth Century Gas Lamp model 1902 S3 OO SKt!ng cf hrg= lo * inch Bowl, gold edge, • • • S*T.9O V // 11 Jt
|| 7_» «» 96 _**«„; «tete».ifflte. «_»*_*««.... . 1%^^^ iS^-^ivVU^fiffi-l^lSiB^raSi^^ 0-_»_j&eo.(f\/y( J 8
;|: l^ t ?y»T« ter L ?!sss, 1<>w ' s . " sssss; c . i ?*¥». //^ sr,™,,; ::;::; ;:io2. >.«,»!«_,¦_,,._«« 7^~ *7- 50 «»<*s/o.co. . y/ | 3
• » Ardath French Revolution Lorna Doone Worlds Cr Sprocket Locks, 20c and .. . .',,-. , . * ,35o ¦" ' * * " ." * *• OtfG B O yj' Vajf, 5 a jj or Jujtj }l ,'/ -2
|*_ Banned and (Vol.1) Lucile Scottish Chiefs ' Bicycle Chain and Lock. . BOn Carhbild China Individual Sugar and Cream —Sizes for * tn ¦<¦ Ir H "5
*_ Blessed French Revolution Master of Ballan- The Sketch Book : ,*. * • • ¦¦• ouv p. tch , r PO M «hre and fiWr decoration our , , 3 V* lo I I "1
J? Beauty's Daugh- (Vol.2) trae A Son of Hagar .'¦ «„„,, , nA y&JL'juu. 'M. 9T*~ RiRohhll P.tcher, go.d edge and How er decorauoin our years, fast colored p;r- I Si
!g ters Gold Elsie Memoirs of a Phy- Stickit Minister Jingle and Scigh Bells, each.. .... .23O : . tSQSeUaU. regular 40: sets; special /Mo.-.day .. _T4C cales, impcrted madras Ji 1 5
'_• Beside the Bonnie Hunchback" of slcian Tale of Two Cities Push Button Balls, 50c and. .. . . v 75O Baseballs, from «c to. . . . ..$1 .25 each '"— — — — '— — and linen crashes hand- -A 5 1
t- JS?S_S_ H »a Dame . S8W_r_ _,51_5S.i__- Gas Ranoes S5;85 -=A»riS, "^^ i5
_* Child's History of The Iron Pirate Floss ; Uarda Duck Luggage Cariers, each . . . . . ISO" Fielders' Gloves, from z$c to.' ... $3.5O Wa » naugUS 90-O-P rcgular $2 , Q sq1 , ..
V England ' . Jane Eyre Oliver Twist Uncle Tom's Cabin Lamson Luggage Carriers. . . . ... . , . Fielders* Mitts, from 50= to . . .. S3. OO DamifaMfu _7 «*#! Mondav onlv _g/.7Q
!i C Hl S irTh and thC J °tV n HalIfax » Gen - A Parisian Ro- The White Com- . . .. 50O. $1.OO, $L25 Baseball Bats, each, je to. .. . St.OO RegUlarly &T.OU b^"^^ tV *c u " V_-T °5
I %g^ D oc. #| 1 1§ pf^: s j: -^^^^^^ • ¦ S- 7^r "^ 5
j y Daniel Deronda peil Queen's Necklace Shakespeare A' good Pocket Pump for . ... . . 20o Rubber Horns Plate. ...... .$7.00 "' J____ nF^ stock' f &<*&, just put in ,%
». of Berlin Bond Writing Paper, in the fash- iVOlV Halt PWCC. Olers, ioc and . . 25c Th «e handsc me Cameras embody everything Ba>:,; ' " ] -- -V -, -' '•
|» ionable St. James shape, 5 o sheets of cream, Beginning Monday, and while quantities on Wrenches, aoc and __5 j that >s new and up-to-date in the Camera line 7bl/_»f RCtfUJSlteS %
„' 50 sheet, of bue. with loo square envelops hand last, we offer these best staple makes of Cyclometer Veders, $#.00,- Veder, Trip . We sell all of th, other popular makes and W^Ml \ /nr V flM /,n- C- ' -^ '¦ > i
V to match; cabinet of 2OO pieces to- _- _ Shoe Doings at just half regular prices. • ¦ • $U75 the Century can honestly say that K has no flllp^ . . . . . {, f ° r Vacation SeaSOH. X
$ »onow. U5C Whittemore'. Dandy, 2 5 c size 5 . . . . 13o Wood R™ Cement .. . .... . 5 % $SEfS^S^^l^f-T^ M-Cne Face Cream, does away with powder S
J . Bixby Three Bee, ioc .?«. . . . . .5O Cement, 5CJ J.rTy Cement .. 5C ? P^! 5 « back d '. an e focusing prevent, tanning. ..../... |
I -r Cu £ ko ° c/o S^ s _r« KS^||& f -_jc*;..fS? ;:^.fiS>^^. 0/ '^ «^-^#^i 5 an miny ot;r L_C g P^P^P^;WS-^°° -;
|i TO-MOrrOW. $4,68. BlichertV Nankin, brown, 2 S c size . .13 O Model ir, 4 x S^-$fif .ff fl»- 5 x 7 -$#2.fir£| Purc Co!d Cream.'large jar . . . . . .2Ho jj
!«f. These hand Bixby Satinola, 20c sir; IOO ' ; '" Model IlA >* x ,S"Sf1.2O: S^7~St6mOO This fine two-burner gas range and oven ccm- Imperial Toilet Ammonia, 16-oz. boKle.__»fi»C •*
_^ -'' ' '^n_^ some hand-" Bixb y' 8 Satinola, 10c size .So ET! I«S ~ T~~l*1 ' M ° d:1 I +»4 x S-$/7.©0_T S*7~S23.2O ' bined, as inches wide, 24 inches high, two Swtss Violet Milk, 8-oz. bott'e . . . . 25O *_
i*^ \^iH^ '"rwd Voung's Russet Paste, ioc ««..... ..fifC. \ HSlUntt 1 90KIO. The Century Art Catalogue, Ullli- burners on top and * separate burner for oven, Mennea ' s TaIcum Pow<J c , Tz= f5c J«
S? iVrv^laSL S"^ 00 . Trout Rod-? P .ic bamboo, for fly or bait, iratinganddCSCfibingthislifie Canv« Traveling Rcl.-Ups, complete outfit. |
5 -T^_WmS^^ Switz- e Bureau SCat* S 47C. . -/put up with wooden form and bag.. ffiSC -at OUr Camera .^Department. I i necessa-y to have a plumber as W1 thastove; Grain Leather Traveling RoU-Uja . .51.75 , J.
\K tSL^'SfVJzy™ fJY±y erland best a88 Stamped Momie Linen Bureau Scarfs, size ' f - r . -^ V _VW---^i -^ ' ' ? ' :: "¦""- : .- ' : ? - ' -. — - 1 — ' : -•• ' an ideal summer cooking range, worth in the Aluminum Col'apsing Cups, in case . ,\J?5 O '. .^
S TFifeiv V7 sSsmofe- '» 60 inches, all nice, new designs, worth , ""P^ Bass Rod-$#_25 and $2.5O : ; ; laWif TcnniS. f' I regular way 1 7.50, U offered to open the /,_/,', wSderful Wrfa KlT r 5t
_• V>Nf_2_^^__y^7me___£t 50c each; on sale Monday. . . Brass Click Reels- — Tennis Racquet, from 7S« to %7 HH summer season in the House Furnishing Mttie. Uafl S WonfJcrR/I WrfnKIe : ~ S
I • • • 27C Yards...2 5 . 40 6- 80 zoo '^*££Z\ T ' jggg jL^gg Department, as a spechl . " " fl BcmOVCT ; /T« /«_/«.«/, a/ Our toilet \
* r^&^^Wz$s ood6me - ~ £ach..#0o 15o 20c 25o 30o Tennis Bails. .. 25c. 35© an? 4O0 Monday.. . ... - ... . article department. \
i ' &W*y&P%l% CuShalf J0^ LaCe H OSC • Von Hoffe Brass Reels-$if.50 and *3. T « n « N f- • ' • • ; -75o to $3._?5 " — ~ " ~ ."-. r "?
J vl«_---_iXjC? S-r-i Mm±' ' SOn SiIk Trout Lin "- Co11 ' *s y^s, 25c, . m havecompleieassorimmtofNotions-Uttle Prtoes. Men's and Boys' Straw Z
* hour:y; they >®S?^ 40 c, 85c. .. -.accessories for the game of Tennis. Nickcled Duplex j^ -^ dozcn ... 3o e rf « r Ii T *
If r^S^i^^/XHM " e , l8inch " WmMF* ™e be* value in Ladies' Waterproof Braided Silk Line-65c, 7ffC, and the prvper chilling fjr players, Llrgc Cube Pins, 100 count, each . . . 5c *"" HatS. X
I <S]^ Sh-'ide, TO^ Hos -y-er shown in this 7S C . > ... , male Or fifiulc. Laundry Wax, ball' .V. _»C Tain S
J |5g|| |H| ,2'nne ,uanty two-thread Furniture Values Monday WM^^^M^^fMS^M^MM %
$ on special l^W L- Li,?e Ho'se, Herms- . ; 3t3tJ Wfii/C QUa^titlCS LOSL .. On and Off Dress Shields, >a:r .... 25O or tie flat crown, X
_• _Je Monda^ only. . . &4F_00 V«W d o r f black a //. . ; v -¦ . ' ,/, f " Tade'i Shield, and Protector, pair ... 75© wii flat . bmn, J
V W arouncf lace designs, /S6c-V . Tcn-PicceBedroom Suite— Madeof s ; dn Belt Hcs . supports, pair ... 25o g~. \\ nch * sc » s ° c ' 3r
AT . - _, _-» _, : • WaS" ¦¦'--!¦"• 3 ver y elaborate ones in — N\ ' ' ><io. ' solid oak, handsome golden finish. Con- _ , „ , ,'•;'.¦ t . j_ -,,t, ois— , 'Mi" TiT~'i 75 c - JI
HamntOCk SalC W the l.t«,t effects, never rff \\ _te_rfS_3S?&^^. ' »ts of heavy b< pettily carved large Be.t Buckles, new shades, each .... ,25c @S___-J^> Rou 3 h Braid Straw .J
5- Mor-day only, to open the Hammock season H^ were such styles and quali- «#¦ • \V7 " -*^> tt/l^rV? ¦ bureau, with 22x28 cval-shaped bev- .- . Children's Colored Hose Supporter., pa r, 12O J - J «*-«^ Hats with ' two, g
*° I9 02 , wc ' off" a good, strong, one-quarter i_f_^ ties offered at less than 75c ill I ~ ~. ~ : — c!cd French plate mirror, good wash Featherstitchei Braids, white or co'ors . JC'O three and four ply brims, 75c, 3 1. 00, J 1. 25, jf
S color gauze weave Hammock wit_ bed 36x74 BF ' the >«ir; our price while JM /Ai . : "and, chair, rocker, table, cable wire Horn Hair Pins, assorted patterns, dozen, #_T_» $1.50, ->i- 8 5 and 5 1 - 00 - *J
** iache., complete w;th pillow and spreader, : I^tity lasts . QQq if\^//\ __________ ' " i V Pearl Fedcw, the new Panama Shape,- |i.? 5 , j
V never sold regularly for lets than fi.co each, * i ri '^<r . O . ¦. «* '*• _ - J3* co * J~^."-'. T; ¦»'.''*»'*' ' •'
fo r * goo _.'__" : ~ [r, ?^1- I? ; • '-./ > ; i : 5^ /f New Summer Fabrics. w 5 are the dh&-._« b this dry of the &n™_ m %
K e& ° CurtainS £2.88 -__S/*^&«i^_Ur ' V J ' • .- - f .' ¦ K - • ,1^ hand-made, ¦Unk_-nude".I_i'g>b- 7 -.-k_; 5
\i ¦ ¦ ¦'„ . r • t ¦ — ' ¦¦'^^!-^____3^*. «¦ V ____________ 1 . \ ¦ • Here ,s a hint of whar is being worn and how _ ranteed ' t3 wcar one year; all shape, and 5
*. 'V _-a**_^ IOO pairs of Lace . Curtains, bought away un- %-> ,>. ""-__, { fl^— — =^-^9 i ' — rr^ ======^ £^^^ vf— >/____// low-priced these tabnes are at the big store. colors price • S3 OO %
_T "^^^r dcr vaue, ecru and white, 58 and 60 inches ' p * : ' ' - )V^V--<^vjf-_: ~£%&i '¦ J//jpfcl^L--_ > j 44-inch Voile de Gaze— Sheer and dainty, to . , '- * * ***** " * - . " . • v;5 ¦
V wide, suitable for parlors, dining-rooms and ..." "'. _j » /f 11 },n| / II — : "*__ • Tif&jji,' '^wJl show the lining, a'l leading colors; yard . " ! "~*r?1 "" '5
S l^**S-_____SS^^|_^^?i libraries, a very choice lot; worth £4.00 per . s. _*~L ss ***^ e= f ! °' \\ WJ if fr^=?SrT^ lElP^T^ ...... ..... . . *. . $#.00 «... . _ _» _• • «
J , pair, on special sale Monday £„ R R ' ' v II' P_J ' -^TPR J» D 44'inch Eoienne- Light weight nlk^d woo, : Blanket SalC |
* Also a smalHot of handsome full-colored Ham- on 'y • • • • ¦ •¦ ¦ ¦ • ~^-OO '¦ |^ A^-__- y/ | \\ ' ' fabric, very dressy, ailolors; yard . ##.50 To-morrow ody-i 00 pirsbe_gndeC_Iiforn_ J.
_. mocks with pillow and spreader at head and • y^ ./'/r->sV. : -f s -*XX*5i WtoD*! 45-inch Semite— New silk and wool, hand- wool gray Blankets, full 5 lb. weight, a ',}»
g short spreader at foot— regularly |i. 35 each, o _ ___ __ _ o V |l^ ? - '-fc r_S\ somer than all silk for' a swell gawn; yard campbg blanket that cannot be excelled, and .J
% iot • • V -BGO .On Special Silc j|JL.'...tiJ IjJ/ ITy V T* = H =S:^1 : ... . ". .\; . .... . . $2.85 because of their fineness and good appearance '"{
V _ _. . ¦ — « ' AU This Week. ' " ¦ \ ' \ Q : 44-inch English- Mchair— Excellent quality, they ars desirable for home us=s; instead of Jt
* Framed PlCtUreS 73C. fTnntl* Hi* Pins*— ' . , , / ¦ ¦/ very lustrous, for 'waists, skirts and bathing U 95 P~ wUl be on sale .Monday .J
H Beautiful Carbon Photos, such choice subjects r OtMWGIliM %*tgar$ 9 . .nattress, top mattress and two feather pillows. Regularly $ 40.00; one of . -j^#* S#_ suits, all colors; yard . .... . . 6DO • • • - • • • • 93*48 "^
*f as Black ard White Beauties, A Difficult fQ JQf* j£5C the most attractive furniture offerings of the year at this v esk's price .. $2£&*OU x 3J.| nc h Canvas E'amihe— al, wool, for sea- White Blankets— Deep ribbon binding, in pink, X :
j^ Shot, Three Friends, Queen of Swords, etc., > -r • " EijJhl-P.CC. Dinfalfl Svite — Cons'sting of solid oak sideboard, extension- ub C and' shore and mountain costumes, very durable W«e and red borders, 4 lbs. weight; pair •*
y carefully framed in 1-inch ornamented oak, By BOX of IOO if you Wish, $2.S0.J 5 i x c h a - rs , your choice' of either oval - cr square top, heavy, six-foor^ 'extension table. /Sideboajd . and a splendid dujt-shaker; yard . SOO • • . • • • • • $3*35 j,
Jf full ire of picture 10x13 inches; worth at ©¦ | | v . "O has a pretty canopy top "and 2oxi4-inch beveled mirror. Chairs are" well CT 4_ 38-Inch Natte— A new stylhh weave, in pretty E««" Comforters — u dozen only, large size, . X<
J least $ 1. 00, special Monday .. . _FO_f» • made, with cane seat and brace arms. Regular price $40.00,. this week . 9— >O.vd gray brown and tan mixtures- yard* 5OC laminated cotton filling, good covering, closely
tt ¦ #_»€? Tho JunB Delineator Six-Pkcc Parlor Suite— Consisting of hand-po ished, mahogany -fin'shed tete-a- \\ ¦' ¦ ' • ' ' • " * * ' tufted, each . . ...... $1.1 0 Jf
?_. : ; . ant§ JiMnti Patt**wn« tete » Rcman cha : r,'^^ lady's rccker, gent's arm chair, .-eception^ chair and handsome _4X24-inch -^ ' -' —„ _i StiGCtS and Ga SOS — Bleached -J
_" 1 ttSEBnS*** E\fBnittIa\f «¦«•«#••«_?--«_•_:#«_ parlor table. This suit is covtrsd with finc velcurs and upholsttr.-d with b.st -.,— *-_¦_-* ixrOCCMeS iviCnUay. Shsets, gsod quality, well made, for small '2
S « . ,» «_ _w^v ' On Safe. spr - ngs . .-Selisrcgularly /for* 40.00, this ;>cek. ...;•.>...,... $28*50 Our BBSt FlOUI^-Jh* guaranteed double beds, 7 » 9 o inchei; each ... 44O - - 'S-
k GOGktaifr, 5&C Wh: S key, Ver- The June Deiineator conuins practical in- '— — — ¦ ¦ — — — —— — — ." . Emporium brand, 50 lb sacks .._-_ Fillow C_ses-r_etleached,sze4 S x36 inches; '5
» mouth, Martini, Manhattan or Gjn, quart f ormat ion concerning the newest and latest _— j. . -_, - - B ' ¦ f Mondav 76C each fflo "5
J. bo«:es that retaU regu'arly 'at ;^i.oo; we creations in dress fabrics. -These are not o.ily G&rpet SttSl RUU S/SBCialS. n p " 'r "rr ' ' p " r' ' " /vf " _-__l________ S
S> have closed out a lot of 25 cases, which will explained but illustrate J • x r'-it vt ? T M D • Jfl 1 fl- • _t r 1 Our Famous /.offee— Best Java and Mocha; — £
I beon t? ecial »,e Monday, while _ "^ useful and Sensible fc W.I on Vclvct-In scro.l, P/rsi.n and fli»l effect., suitable for parlors, Mondayjbr. . . ..... . . 28o „ L^toM* I
J that quantity lasts; bottle . . . . 59C formation for die Housewife. ; Ii those pages h>H =>nd sti.rs, very durab e Th« week per yard . . .-. . . , O&C Extr , fare/ Olives-Queens; regular 30c bot- Camp Lanterns, X
5 Zirfandel or Rtisling-Extra Ca ifornia Dinner devoted to Fashion matters: a,l the newest and. Tap»Stry BrUSSelsCarpct— Good, heavy, quality, VVlth borders —^ , t:es, Mcnday . . ~. . . . ... . 22O 15C. fctt* J
X Wir.es; Monday, gallon . . . . .. 55C latest'modes are illust.ated, while its magazine match, ten different desigrs.. _ Special this week, per yard ..-..-. ... ; ... OJC Cho'ce Pruncs-From.SanU OaVa, 40 to 50 These 7-inch tall Camp l"~1 X
% Kentucky Scur Mash Be urbon- Monday, 2 artidei are of the highest literary merit. . Ingrain .Carpet— All- wool filling, heavy quality,: Wilt wear as well as ' __ - . to the lb; Monday, ' 4 lbs : .-.'. . 25O T arf/rn, nil rmrrvr, •»,*<¦ U _i
5 bottks. . ... ... . . $1,GO ¦ Single copies can b. cbtained at The Butterick : the best. -This we :k, per. yard. .. .v .;.... \ . . . ;'<:\^ i . ., . 53C . F -i. N . nt ha V bars ' _ifc . am «*? S ' °" Durnc fVJ ust / , J
»• A. B.C. Beer-Monday; pints, per aczen Pattern Department, main floor under Ladies' feitclC_pel^e0_d wide, pretty cd^a^tt^Si^ . g r ,1. © S
A; • • • • $f*49 Parlor. Subscriptions are a'so received here. week ocr vard - i . «H_. .Sago or Pearl Taplocj— Monday, 6 lbs.. _f_Tc» an d grewn folks who L^_rJ/ <5
» Naglee Brandy— Very old red label, reguwly Pricc per. single copy 15 C'nK Subscripton Wnnl Wrna RutfS— Siz- 2 i'x_ -' 'YnrliM ' '"WiaV ' ' ' V '''^f X/i' I-I'an OJivj Oil— The best Imported^m haf Jive in the ccuntry or to run tg-!*M J.
* Jl. S O;Monday,bctt:e. ... $UQU price $1 per year, postpaid. A Fashion Sheet WOOl _myma KVJS— blZ. 21x4, _. inches. bp^cial... $l.2O .' gallon tins; Monday,^1 tin .-. :,, $1. GO around the house ai ! night; -ry V§__3_ "?
«f Champagne— A good domeitic wine :n half pint can be obtained gratis by applying at the Pattern ' Linen WaVp Matting — Cose weave and pretty effects. This week, ___ English Breakfast Tea— Choice pickings; 3 lbs light weight; each . . - _ Jr*~* r =*n. '&¦
U ¦ bctfes; dczen $2.75; single bcttle. . 25o Department. • yard ... : ....'. . . . ; .......... .' . ' . . /. . . . 2OC .'¦" .. '.. ¦-. .'.....':'. . . . $1.OO ...... . . •. . B OC 5.BY OUISARD.
PROFESSOR FAIRCLOUGH
GIVES VIEWS
ABOUT "ANTIGONE."
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
REAL DISTINCTION FINDS
RECOGNITION
At THE ORPHEUM
THE Orpheum to-day presents an
attraction that is unique in Or
pheum annals. Miss Julia Hein
rich, the gifted young contralto
who made so pronounced a suc
cess on her recent visit here. Certainly
Manager Morrisey spares no expense in
catering to his public, and Miss Hein
rlch's engagement, I happen to know,
will cost him a pretty penny. Doubtless,
however, the talented girl will be a tre
mendous success, for the history of
vaudeville shows few instances of
"turns" of the like distinguished kind.
It has been predicted that Miss Hein
rich's work would be "too good" for Or
pheum audiences. I disagree. I find
nothing "too good" for the Orpheum
crowd. The pretentious, the mock ar
tistic, the pinchbeck classic will possibly
fail there more quickly than with any
other audience, but where real distinc
tion is involved, as with Camilla Urso,
Remenyi and other lights of the Or
pheum list, I find there just as hearty
and immediate recognition as with any
other house. Without doubt there Is a
small contingent that would prefer Miss
Heinrich to fill in the Intervals between
her songs with a cakewalk, and com
monly one goes to the Orpheum for just
that kind of thing, but If her stunniiig
singing and charming personality do not
make the cakewalk contingent forget its
cakewalk you may call me a bad
prophet.
Naturally, It -would not be wise to try
BtrauBs, say, on a variety programme,
though for the matter of that I have
heard the Gounod-Bach prelude for vio
lin and piano encored at the Orpheum.
But Miss Heinrich will not sing "The
Holy City," neither "Because I Love
Tou So," but will give the following
good and beautiful songs that have been
scored for the Orpheum orchestra by
Oscar Well: "Irish Folk Song," by Ar
thur Foote; •'April" and "Mighty Lak a
Rose," by Ethelbert Kevin, and
''Daphne, Love," by Ronald.
The student recital of the California
Conservatory of Music of last Tuesday
evening was a distinctly successful affair.
Sherman & Clay Hall was crowded with
an audience that was not forced to affect
interest, the programme being quite suf
ficient to arouse a genuine attention and
pleasure even If one were not a proud
parent with an embryo Mozart in the cast.
DIstincUy the most promising work from
a temperamental standpoint, with also a
solid technical basis, wasf the piano work
of Miss Amy Petersen, a clever fifteen
year-old girl, who gave two Chopin etudes
and a staccato, study of Scharwenka with
a surprising maturity of grasp. Miss
Petersen also plays the violin, whicn,
however.' there seems no particular reason
for her to do. Miss Lily Hansen. who is
event was a little doubtful of our adven
ture. 'As one of your congregation— for I
can call it nothing else'— he said, "I must
thank you for one of the most remark
able' — —and so on."
"D6 you think such productions as
the 'Antigone' have any appreciable in
fluence on the native drama?"
"Some they must have, but the Inspira
tion to write the large /thing is mostly
lacking. Vlt must be remembered that the
flowering season of the Greek drama was
during the outburst of patriotism follow
ing Marathon, Thermopylae, fruit of tha
magnificent Insolence that would hav»»
sacked Sardis, very, citadel of the tyrant
Darius. Every Athenian was a patriot in
a living sense that at any rate made for
a living- art. The stage was also the pul
pit. There the Athenian came to know
his gods and there was pictured the high
est thing known or dreamed by tha
Greek. How high that is these deathless
dramas attest, and I believe it is only by
a return to the simple grandeur of thu
Hellenic tragedy, with Its large, pure
lines and noble unity, that the drama will
again be lifted from the slough into which
it has fallen. But the patriotic inspira
tion is lacking."
"No Persian wars?"
"No Persian wars."*
*'Why is not divinity as it is known to
us a sufficient Inspiration?"
"But 'is It not perhaps*" said the pro
fessor. ."The Oberamroergau 'Passion
Play." for example."
"We may not have Passion plays here."
I remembered. "New "5fork refuses 'Naz
areth,' and the fate of the "Passion Play'
In America is a matter of Philistine his
tory. Still, there ia 'King Herod,' one of
Phillips' latest works: Mrs. Flske will
produce soon 'Mary of Magdala," a drama
with scriptural colojr by Paul Heyse, and
there was^even 'A Voice From the Wil
derness,' a scriptural straw from the
Central Theater. Who knows?'*
. "These things may be the beginning,"
said the professor;- "but Wagner has
most nearly approached the Greek ideal
In modern days, in both material and
treatment. There is the same harmony
of the arts, and moreover a wholesome
absence of the pathological muck-rake of
Ibsen and the psychical spindrift of Mae
terlinck. One gets, indeed, a glimpse of
the golden sunshine of the morning of the
gods. Wagner's people are types, as were
the Greek characters, as were Shakes
peare's, and with them he produces
something of the same lofty effect."
Then the professor told me that he
would have the pleasure of seeing an an
cient Grek tragedy given in Athens itsetf
this year. He added, with a twinkle in
Ms quiet eyes that looked out on hills as
blue as Greek Olympus, that from what
he understood. Stanford could give points
to Athena so far as tragedy la concerneJ.
UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR UN
DER WHOSE DIRECTION
ANTIGONE WILL BE GIVEN.
Tf Going to Thunder Mountaia p?
The Northern Paclflo Railway 1 Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlston
and Etites. Idaho/there are good wagon roads
to either Warrerjs or Dixie, from which points
the trails into this district *re most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K.' STATEL.KK
G. A.. (MT Market St. S. F.'. :• ' - .
Atlanta has a street-car problem that threatens trouble for. the. managers and incidentally
shows hftw. the color line is working. x . The street railways have been recently acquired by a North
ern syndicate and a^ rule has. been established that no one can get on or off the; cars by the front
platfoVm. It appears :tHere is a^city ordinance 'requirmg^
consequently the whites especially the women are getting'; wrathy/ Perhaps if Mr Vining
would like another.jobas.street.car manager he might ff et 'one, in Atlanta. They' seem to need a
man of .his kind down there. -'..__ _. .,;.-.• ¦.-; .v; ; ; ';-¦ . . r v ¦ )¦>;<
Men shaved without boap. 15c. at Uus» House
Antiseptic Barber Shop. : 217 Montgomery. •
When a very young man begins to know
how much "less he knows^than he thinks
he knows then he knows something that
is really worth knowing. . *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone . Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit, 60c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
Hidalgo Club Celebrates.
In commemoration of the battle fought
by General Zaragosa In front of the walls
of Puebla, Mexico, on May 6, .1862, the
Hidalgo Club held a patriotic entertain
ment last night at Washington Square
Hall. The main hall was tastefully dec
orated in the' Mexican colors, and flags
of the sister republics were placed
throughout in. juxtaposition. The princi
pal address was delivered by Manuel
Telles Sil, and an excellent programme of
musical numbers and fancy dances was
rendered. The; exercises' were followed
by dancing. A very large crowd was in
attendance. .-
W_HEN a large body of men enter upon the discussion of a particular problem with such
zeal that the discussion 'widens and advances from special instances to general princi
ples there is no telling where the influences of the newly awakened thought will reach
nor what its effects will be. An illustration of that truth is furnished at tills time in the
East, where the discussion of the enforcement of the Sunday laws in New York City has passed
froni politics to the broader question of morals and has brought forth something like a new light
from th'e most conservative of evangelical churches.
Bishop Potter of New York gave encouragement to the liberals in the fight against old
Puritanism by > declaring his opposition to certain Sunday laws in -force in that city, and now Dr.
Rainsford of St. George's Protestant Episcopal Church has spoken out more plainly still. In a re
cent address he is reported to have said: '"In relation to large social questions the churches are
still in retreat. Who was it opposed the opening of the museums on Sunday? Who opposed the
opening of the libraries on Sunday? Who tried to prevent the running of cars on Sunday to give
people a whiff of fresh air? Who. opposes the games of girls and boys on Sunday? The churches.
A couple of boys get into a vacant lot on a Sunday afternoon, but the cops soon find them out,
and the boys have to hide their ball and bat or run off. Whether right or wrong, the beys think the
churches are responsible. Is it reasonable to expect that boys will grow up with a love of Sundav
school when the churches say to them, 'You shall not do this and you shall not do that; you shall
not do anything on Sunday but go to church'? ;#f||f*3 * We are trying 'to do Christ's work
with the,sword, instead of/the cross: This hashed tbthe passage of unfairly discriminating laws
and laws in advance of public intelligence."* r
Dr. Rainsford has further declared that: he is no new comer'to the advocacy *of liberalism, as
he has held and taught such doctrines for more than twelve years. He adds that, he "is' now sup
ported not only by Bishop Potter but by Bishop Doane of Albany.
It is not in New York alone, nor only, among Episcopalians, that liberalism is growing amf
spreading. It is stated that at a meeting in Chicago at which sixty-five prelates, clergymen and
laymen of the Methodist Episcopal church were present it was agreed ."if the clergy 'of the church
expect to keep their young men and women in the fold they must do away withhold restrictions
against card-playing, dancing and attendance. at theaters. If they are : not allowed to follow the
dictates of their conscience, they will attend churches where they will be allowed to do so, or thev
will not attend church at all." A , ': - / , '
Such expressions coming from- some of the most earnest and most eminent leaders of the
churches show how rapidly the people of the East are ridding themselves of the.old Puritan ideas
of morality and of the doctrine that restrictions must be placed upon every kind of enjoyment.
No harm is going to come to the people of the East from the new. movement. There will
be no confusion of morality with immorality by reason of the enlarged liberty of individual con
science. -Drunkenness will still be condemned notwithstanding a man may be permitted to have
a glass of wine on Sunday. Card-playing for amusement will not carry with it a license for gambling
nor will dancing mean anything, vicious' or depraved. In" the old days when the stage was well
nigh universally condemned by'the. better class ."of .people, it had of necessity to appeal to the
worse elements and naturally it became licentious; but when a broader liberalism prevailed the*
stage improved.
A similar result has been, obtained in .eveiy broad experiment in the domain of." morals
Nothing is gained by a church or by- society in imposing upon men and \womeh restrictions which
their own consciences do not approve. It ,may be said of every issue of this kind that restrictions
do more harm than good, and Qr.Rainsford.put the mattef clearly with respect to the local option
law in New York^City by saying even if it were carried by' 50,000 : majority in Manhattan as
long as 200,000 poor men wanted : drink and the 'clubs are lopen you would do irreparable injury to
pass a prohibitory measure and ; make men lawbreakers as well. A ~ " '
"VT-^KTHSTGI- DRXJK,IT^.I>TIS]yE.
in the advanced stages of piano-playing,
shows a delicate purity of tone and char
acteristic refinement of conception that
Is very grateful to the listener. Her work
yet lacks a little in depth, point and
color, but there is still plenty of time for
that. Miss Hansen played the difficult
and quite effective Reinecke arrangement
of the andante from Chopin's E minor
concerto. Lvdia Reinstein is another
clever girl, who gave the "Kammenol
Ostrol" and the Chopin "Military Polo
naise" with good grasp and sympathy.
JoBie Coonan struggled bravely with two
numbers that are out of the student
province, a Macdowell study and Mos
kowski's "Le Jongleuse," and two delight
ful youngsters, Cecil Cowles and Lily
Blum, did very well with their respective
numbers, "Harmonious Blacksmith" and
the Haydn F minor variation?. The one
example of his sex, Harry Factor con
tributed some very effective violin' play
ing. He shows marked progress over his
former work and gave his allegro from
the Mendelssohn concerto with consider
able fluency." The Rachmaninoff numbers
for two pianos that ended the programme
rendered by Miss Hansen and Mrs. Rob
ert Aylwin, for the first time here, are
ingenious, but vastly thin of material
Any one- interested in organ music-and
If you are not interested it will repay you
to become interested-should not miss the
organ recital of Loyis h. Eaton on Tues
day evening next at Trinity Church. Mr
Eaton will repeat his programme of the
"strike week," as the recital was only
sparsely attended, with the exception of
the opening number that will be replaced
by the Bach D mln. Toccata and Fugue"
Miss Millie Flynn will / assist— a young
singer, by the way, who should be mak
ing much more than she does of one of
the most beautiful natural voices that
have ever been heard here. The recital
Is free, the church easily reached and the
following programme sufficient tempta
tion for a crowded congregation:
Johann Sebastian Bach, Toccata and Fugue
In D minor; Louis Nicolas Clerambault, pre
lude; Alfred Hollins, concert overture in C
minor ;• Felix Alexandra Gullmant, op. 17
funeral inarch and hymn of seraphs; Antonin
Dvorak, soprano solo, "O Grant Me in the
Dust to Fall," Miss Flynn; Felix Alexandre
aullmant, op. 15, cantilene pastorale- Felix
Alexandre Guilmant. op. 80. sonata- No. 5.
The Channing Auxiliary announces two
song recitals by Mrs. M. E. Blanchard
for the 13th and 17th of the month. Mrs
Blanchard's sw«et and finely cultivated
contralto is one of the most pleasing
voices heard on the local concert plat
form, and the recitals will doubtless
arouse much interest. Her programmes
will Include some Strauss songs, the love
ly-Water Lily," given so exquisitely bv
Julia Heinrich, and the "Serenade"
There will also be some of the Brahma
numbers Mrs. Blanchard sings so well'
and songs of Pergolesi, Schubert, Grieg
and the moderns, Foote and Chadwick
besides others.
THE following joyful item concern
ing recent Callfornlan history ap
pears In the current number of
Harper's Weekly. As an exartvple
of the art of putting two and pno
together and making seventeen it
is irresistible, its syllogistic brilliance
putting to. shame the proudest effort of
the gifted illogicians of the Mllpitas
Press, not- to mention the Arizona Kicker.
To add the last touch to its delicious in
consequence, the article is adorned with
a portrait of President Wheeler. But
here it is, and how it came to pass the
eye of / the Harper editor is more than I
can understand:
• Of the famous pioneers who have gone Into
California from the East, Benjamin Ide Wheel
er is the latest. He is the pathfinder for the
Pacific slope In the language and literature of
Greece, the first great Greek scholar to take
up a residence Id sight of the Sierras and in
spire the youth who flock to the two universi
ties by the Golden Gate to a generous emula
tion In the learning; of the dead language which
is lmmort&l. Sharing: with Gilderaleeve a
reputation for Greek scholarship on the Atlantic
coast, Professor Wheeler made the Greek school
of Cornell known to the scholars' of the world.
Barely three years have elapsed since he oc
cupied the presidency of the University of
California, and already the youth of the Ameri
can State in which the glorious configuration
of mountain and sea, climate and products,
approaches nearest to Greece, are appearing In
Greek plays, with a i lyrical accompaniment of
Mendelssohn's music. "The Antigone" of Sopho*
cles has just been presented by a cast made up
entirely of the faculty and students of Stan
ford University, a sister Institution to that over
which Benjamin Ide "Wheeler presides.
Naturally the article has created no end
of amusement at both universities, and as
"The Antigone" will be given on Satur
day evening next at Berkeley, the con
temporary Gibbons will have another shot
coming. His version of the affair la
awaited with interest.
The Harper's chronicler was right In
just one point— that the production of a
Greek play as it has been given by the
faculty and students of "the sister Insti
tution to that over which Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, presides." is a matter of national
artistic importance. Had such a produc
tion been given by Harvard not only the
metropolitan press but that of the whole
United States would have noted it. It Is
the first Greek play to be done in Cali
fornia and one of a • rare few- to be. given
in all ' America. • Not only, that, buf by
impartial authorities who have, seen the
Harvard, Vassar and the few other Amer
ican presentments of Greek tragedy it Is"
conceded that the Stanford edition com
pares most favorably with these. Yet
further, the whole material of the per
formance was found within Stanford's
walls, with the single exception of thd
stage ma'nager, Leo Cooper. The costumes
Were made by Mrs. H. R. Fairclough, the
scenes painted by university hands, the
orchestra, numbering thirty-three mem
bers, was all Stanford talent under the
university director, A. L. Scott Brook,
with of course the players and chorus —
altogether counting seventy-one persons—
from the faculty and student membership
of the Greek department. Two perform
ances of the play have been given with
much eclat at the university Itself and
single performances at Los Angeles,
Santa. Barbara and Pasadena to crowded
hbusls. The presentment at the- Univer
sity ef California next Saturday evening
will fittingly close the worthy career of
tne Stanford "Antigone." No one inter
ested in the art of the drama can afTord
to miss it. This- auditor also might use
fully take in, say," "Fiddle Dee Dee" the
following evening as a specimen of what
the centuries since Sophocles sang his no
ble song have done for the dramatic art.
Wondering if the modern Athenians
down at Stanford . had any fell design
upon the contemporary drama. I went to
see Professor H. R. Fairclough, the Ivy
crowned and white-bearded Coryphaeus
who lends so much dignity to the stately
chorus of the "Antigone." Posaibly Pro
fessor Fairclough has had most to do
with the production of the play, though
ncbly assisted | by :; Professors Murray
Rolfe and many, other distinguished Gre
cians.
The professor -acknowledges a wide dis
respect for the present day drama Its ig
noble vkey, facile smartness and patho
logical trend. , -
-Yes. our ideaJn giving the 'Antigone*
was educational in the fullest sense of tha
word," .he exclaimed. ."I remember the
profound , impression the Harvard 'Oedi
pus' and other Greek plays I have seen
made upon their audiences, and felt that
nothing we could do here for the univer
slty- lor; the students, for the drama,
could be more widely useful.- -
"Then I had found an Antigone in Miss
Cooksey— you know, an Antigone Is as es
sential . to 'Antigone' as a Hamlet to
•Hamlet ; and, again, we . had the finan
cial help from generous friends Interested
in the enterprise, that finally made possi
ble-the long-dreamed-of production. T i
short, the psychological moment had ar
rived. -
"We are satisfied?. Not altogether, of,
course. Still, with our material, all ama
teur, I think we" have done reasonably
well. We feel richly.' repaid . for our ef
fort, that, has, , indeed,- been recognized
with the utmost generosity. One prettiest
appreciation came from Berkeley.- by the"
way, from a gentleman who before the
GIFTED TODNG CONTRALTO WHO
¦WILL, BEGIN ENGAGEMENT AT
ORPHEUM THIS AFTERNOON.
"^ T J HEN Father D. O. Crowley first announced to the public his. project of establishing
\ /W a farm school for boys it was received throughout the State with general and cordial
\/ \/ approval. Commendation was promptjfor commendation costs nothing. Now Father
v . * Crowley has carried his work forward to the point of attainment. He has found a
farm of upward of a thousand acres well 'fitted for the school, and he appeals, to the public for
$80,000 to pay for the land, make necessary improvements and equip the school for work. Com
mendation now must take the shape of contributions. Let us hope they will be as prompt and as
liberal as were the approving words.-"- ; -
; There can be no doubt of the excellence of the project nor of the efficiency of the man who
has undertaken it. •Farm training is one of the needs of the State, and Father Crowley is exactly
the man to take charge of the boys who are to receive the training. He needs no indorsement in
this city^ His personality and his work are well known.. Had he not' been himself the promoter of
the plan, he would still be recognized as the r^ght man to found it and start.it on its career. The
record of his work in the Youths* is ample testimonial to his fidelity and to his ability,
and assures for his . undertaking an attentive consideration from all who have any interest whatever
in the cause of education. ' •
¦ . In recommending the enterprise in a circular letter Archbishop Riordan. says: "An oppor
tunity to secure such a farm may not come again, and it is^ hoped that an ever-generous public
will give freely the money required. The broad policy which has made the Youths' Directory a
home for abandoned boys of every race, color and creed will guide the managers of the farming
school, and for that reason this appeal is addressed not only, to Catholics, but to men and. women
of every creed. The work to be done by the new school will redound not only to the glory of God,
but also to the improvement of citizenship and the benefit of the. State." • .. >
The movement to carry boys back to the land and give them a training whiclyvill fit them
for scientific farming is in line with the trend of thought, of the most earnest men and women of
our time. The material tendencies of the age carry young men from the farms to the cities. The last
census showed how -powerfully those tendencies are operating in the United States. In 1880 there
were 580 cities or towns with a population of more than 4600, containing an aggregate popula
tion of about 12,000,000, or one-fourth of the population of the Union. In 1900 the towns and
cities in excess of 4000 inhabitants contained upward of 38,000,000 of people, or one-half of the
whole population of the country.
Those figures, however, do not show the whole truth. The main trend of population, has
been not to the small towns, but to the largest cities. Boston, New York, Chicago and San Fran
cisco have grown out of proportion to the country that surrounds them. The results of this drift
on the part of the' young have been in many respects deplorable. The avenues of city employment
have been congested, the host of the unemployed has been augmented by thousands of sturdy
young men who could-have been profitably employed on the farms, and the slums have received
into their deadfalls many a youth who in a rural community would have' lived a useful and
wholesome life. v . . •
• This crowding, to the cities is by no means the result of the operation of an economic law,
as has been sometimes asserted. As a matter of fact there . are thousands of men in the cities
who could have been more successful even from a strictly monetary point of view had they devoted
to farming the same amount of energy and sagacity they employed in their business in the city.
California to an especial degree offers opportunities for trained experts in rural industry. There is
not a county in the State that does not need a larger number of men skilled in the work
of orchards and vineyards than are at present to be obtained.
To meet and counteract the* rush to the cities there is needed an education an^ a training
that will turn the thoughts of boys to the advantages of rural life. "Back to the land" is therefore
a cry that appeals to, the business and the bosoms of men. Moral interests and monetary interests
alike are to be served by it. It affects patriotism as well as philanthropy, for a State is dependent
for its welfare and its manhood upon its farming population. . ,
California needs the projected school. ,, This ]is the right time to found it. The right man is
at the head of it. The appeal has gone forth tb'the 'public. Let : the response be -prompt.' ':
BACK TO THE L^ilSriD.
THE SAN PRANG1SGD CALL.
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. \^/<-\ ". .; " Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY ,..;.::..........{./..;......,...,.....,.......:........... MAY 4. 1902
Publication Office V <^^^^^> z:'. ......'. .......'..' Market and Third S. F.
22
*'i£E SA^T FRAHCISCOvrCALIi, SUNDAY, MAY 4, 1902.
CLOSING OUT OF HALXET & OAVIS
• AGENCY.
We have been the axent s for the old rp
lUble Hallet & Davis for many year! but on
account of the eale 9t that concern to a large
cheap Eastern factory we have given up the
agency End will sell every Hallet & Davis piano
on our floors for less than cost. Htre is k
chance for a bargain. $1C5 buys a Hallet &
Davis piano which you could not buy for less
than *350 in Boston. 200 other pianos In a l!
rnakes to select from, including the following
Dargalnfi : .
1 Bourne j»4T
I Weber £<U
I Knabe 2,,*
1 Mamhall !*""«13S
3 Smith & tfarnes «135 to'iW4O "
2 Stelnwaye *2CW to *3S5
2 Chickerins $1O5 to $2«O
5 Organs . . . .' 515 to «35
KPnts. J2; Installments, $3, or your own
terms.
Wurervotns and hall, 233-2J7 .Geary Bt.
j • j <
j^fe^ j
Makes Skins lighter. Clearer. Purer
ANTIDOTES BLEMISHES
i£ h "^ ar 'i fl £ m , c . Om .P Iex!on 6f youth
¦*««» vH^v. by Anita. Cream.
Applied at niaht and removed in
tne morning, thus imparting the full
benefits of its medicinal nature. Re-
pf^f Ta £ ;£ rcckle3 - Muddiness.
Pimples. Moth and Liver Spots
?r£ttV£ n3 each jar. 5<to or
druggists or of. us, prepaid. S
ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
Los '\ Angeles. Cal.
flHHHHIHflMMMBM 1.Contractors and representatives of the
Building Trades Council reached an
agreement yesterday afternoon, and there
will be no ptrike of the team drivers. The
employers agree to give the Increase of 25
centE per day In wages as demanded, but
the increase is not to be made till the first
Monday in August. All other conditions,
relating to hours of labor, recognition of
the union and amount of work demanded
of the Individual teamster, are to remain
exactly as at present.
The settlement of the difficulty was ac
complished through a conference that
lasted nearly all the afternoon in the of
fice of C. A. Warren, at 508 Market street.
.Among- the contractors present were C.
A. Warren, J. W. McDonald, A. J. Raisch
and A. E. Buckman of the San Francisco
Construction Company; John Tuttle, Jer
ry O'Shea, David Dillon, Peter McHugh,
M. F. Sullivan and John Kelso. The ex
ecutive committee of the Building Trades
Council was represented by P. H. Mc-
Carthy, O. V. Tveitmoe and E. J. Bran
don, and Richard 'inane, president of the
Team Drivers' Union, represented that
organization.
The labor leaders stood out at first for
an agreement that would include a
formal recognition of the union. The con
tractors expressed a willingness to give
the increase in wages demanded after
ninety days, claiming that they were en
titled to notice of that length by agree
ment with the Building Trades Council.
They refused to agree to treat with the
union if individual teamsters did not do
the work demanded of them or if other
grievances on either side arose, and they
Will Receive Increase in
Wages After Ninety-
Days.
TEAM DRIVERS
GET MORE PAY
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O.
Elks, will hold its annual benefit at the
Grand Opera-house on Tuesday evening,
May 20. Edward Harrigan will present
"Waddy Googan." and he will be sup
ported by the best talent in the local
playhouses. The advance sale of seats
will begin at the Grand Opera-house on
May 13, and those In charge expect the
affair will be the most successful of its
kind ever held in this city.
Elks Will Give Benefit Play.
Old postage stamps and collections wanted
for cash. Golden Gate Stamp Co., 632 Mikt.»
Samuel Pinkerton, the non-union motor
man, who was convicted by 'Judge Mogan
of the charge of • carrying a concealed
weapon, appeared for sentence yesterday.
Attorney Frank Kelly asked for leniency,
"but the Judge was not to be moved, and
Imposed a fine of $100, with the alterna
tive of serving 100 days In the County
Jail. The fine ¦was paid. Pinkerton on
the morning after the strike was sur
rounded by a number of strikers at
Twenty-ninth and Mission streets and
pulled out a revolver, but did not attempt
to use it.
Pinkerton Sentenced.
A special train under the direction of a jjlwt
committee of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying' business men only, will
leave Market-et. Ferry at 9:30 p. m.. May 8,
via the Santa Fe. Rate of One fare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to join this party should make arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching all impor
tant points In the San Joaquin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office. «!41 Market st.
Business Men's Excursion.
The Team Drivers' Union met at Teu
tonia Hall last night and after a discus
sion of the terms of the settlement last
ing: until midnight, approved the agree
ment.
The conferees for the drivers finally de
cided to be satisfied with the substantial
advance in wages offered, and the agree
ment proposed by the employers was ac
cepted.
reserved the right to employ union or
non-union men, all, however, to receive
the established rate of $2 23 for drivers of
single and $2 50 for drivers of double
teams. . -
"Century" Cameras
And all photographic supplies, films,
plates, paper, printing and -developing. If
Interested come and see the new lines.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market' street. *
At the annual meeting of California
Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar,
last Friday evening in Commandery. Hall
Masonic Temple, the following officers
were elected for ensuing term: Com
mander. Gustave H. Umbsen; ' generalis
simo, Thomas H. Browne; -captain gen
eral, Charles M: Plum j senior warden
Brainard N. Rowley; Junior warden, Otto
F. Westphal; treasurer, Thomas Morton
recorder, Hiram T. Graves. The installa
tion of officers will take place Friday
evening. May 9. . - . ,- ¦•:.
Commandery Officers.
on the Sargent mine, near Middle Bar,
and adjoining the Hardenburg.
LARGE DEALS PERFECTED.
The hew3 of a deal for the transfer of
the famous North Bloomfield hydraulic
mining property has caused more than a
ripple of Interest in this State. The North
Blcomfield has figured very largely in the
annals of the litigation relating to hy
draulic mining in California, and the
name Is familiar to all miners throughout
the country. W. B. Bourn , the principal
stockholder, has secured the control. The
sum of $500,000 was involyed in the trans
action.' From the North Bloomfield
sands many millions of dollars have been
taken. George Starr of Grass Valley is
the new manager. L* L. Myers will con
tinue as superintendent.
The South Bisbee mines, the property
of the South Bisbee Copper Company of
Los Angeles, have been sold. .'The Los
Angeles Times is authority for the state
ment that the price is 51,200,000. The pur
chaser is Gordon R. Campbell of Calu
met, Mich. The holdings are situated
near the Bisbee townsite. Arizona. There
are forty-six mining claims, so located
as to be contiguous to the properties of
the CoppeT Queen and Calumet and Ari
zona, companies. Reduction works may
be built.
has been sold to an Oakland company. C.
W Keene'will resume operations on the
South Sliger mine, near Greenwood. The
Red Hill mine is also to be started.
The mines along the Pit River have en
gaged the attention of the Redding
Searchlight, which reports that develop
ment work at the Tamarack mine, near
Copper City, is rapidly progressing. The
Mount Shasta Gold Mines Corporation has
bonded the Ydalpom claim in the Bully
Hill section and has a large amount or
ore sacked and ready to be moved to the
smelter and refinery. The same company
is developing the North. Star mine of the
Michigan group of claims. There is a ru
mor that the McClure mine has made a
good strike. ¦ .,
The Noble gold mines near Julian, San
Diego County, are under option to-J.
Hartly Thring for $30,000. V
The Amador Ledger says that negotia
tions are in progress for the reopening of
the Original Amador mine at Amador
City, which has been shut down eighteen
years. It was explored to the depth of
1400 feet. The surrounding country is
much broken and- the mine is of the same
general formation. Bunches of ore were
found, but no well-defined ledge. The
Edinburgh Gold Mining Company has
bo«-n organized to ooerate a vein near
-Wieland.- Work will be started at once
Nine members of the Marion's band has
been discharged from the service on ac
count of removal. Seven men have been
discharged from the Second - and Sixth
divisions.
Cockswain Gus Zuckweiler of the Sixth
Division, naval militia, has been pro
moted to boatswain's mate, second class
vice Nebel; Seaman Fred Ferl was pro
moted to gunner's mate, vice Smith, and
Seaman Lem\ Edelblute was promoted
cockswain, vice Zuckweiler.
The annual Inspection and muster of the
naval militia will be as follows: •
Headquarters, band, first and second
divisions and that portion of the engineer
division located in San Francisco, June
17 and 18, on board the U. S. S. Marion
San Francisco, Cal., by Commander R.
H. Miner,. A. D. C. Third Division, at
San Diego, May 13, on board the U. S. S
Plnta, by Commander R. H. Miner A D
C. Fourth Division, at Santa Cruz Cai
June 16, by Commander Randolph H.
Miner. Fifth Division, at Eureka, May 13
by Lieutenant Commander Douglas
White, fleet paymaster. Sixth Division,
at Santa Barbara, Cal.. May 27, by Com
mander R. H. Miner. Engineer Division,
located at Los' Angeles, on such date in
May or, June, 1902, as may be designated
by Commander R. H. Miner, A. D. C. Ail
staff officers and others not attached to
any division will report for inspection and
muster at the time of inspection and mus
ter of the division or divisons located
where they ¦ reside. ' - ¦
ORDEHrS FOR INSPECTION.
Second Lieutenant C. R. Aques, quar
termaster and commissary of the Third
Battalion, of the Fifth Infantry, has been
commissioned first lieutenant and bat
talion adjutant.
Captain St. Sure of the Fifth Infantry
Sanitary Corps has tendered his resigna
tion.
Captain Wethern of Company G, Fifth
Infantry, has been promoted major and
commissary on the Second Brigade staff.
Captain Carl M. Warner, Company I,
Fifth Infantry, has been appointed regi
mental chaplain.
The Fifth Infantry will go into regimen
tal camp near Ukiah on the 21st of June
and remain there until the 29th following.
Last Sunday Colonel *^hitton, Lieutenant
Colonel Hayes, Majo# D. A. Smith, Cap
tain Haven, Quartermaster and Captain
Simpson, commissary, inspected the camp
site. Last night there was a meeting of
the board of officers at brigade headquar
ters, when details for. the camp were ar
ranged. ¦ • -
Thirty-two men have been discharged
from the First Infantry, seventeen on ac
count of removal, twelve for good of tha
service, two by two-thirds vote and one
at expiration of term.
MANY MEN DISCHARGED.
The annual inspection and muster of
the First Infantry will be held under the
supervision of > the inspector of the Sec
ond Brigade In light "marching order, but
with cap and without leggings. The field,
staff, non-commissioned staff • band and
Companies A, D, G and F will be inspect
ed and mustered at the Page-street ar
mory on the 12th inst. The Sanitary
Corps of the regiment will be inspected
and mustered the same time and place.
Companies B. H, E and C will be in
spected at the same place on the 13th inst.
The following changes in the First In
fantry have been announced: Corporal
W. H. Talbot of Company G, to be ser
geant; Musician Charles F. Jaiser, to be
acting first sergeant field music; Martin
H. Wilkens, having been commissioned
first lieutenant, has been assigned to the
position of inspector of rifle practice on
the regimental staff; Second Lieutenant
Frederick A. Marriott has been detailed
for duty in the quartermaster's depart
ment; Second Lieutenant Herbert D.
Walter has been detailed for duty in the
commissary department; Sergeant
Thomas A. Marlowe, to be quartermaster
sergeant, vice Charles J. Wchr Jr.; Pri
vate Henry L. Cook, Company A, assign
ed to duty as musician.
The First Regiment of Infantry has
made application to hold a. regimental
camp this year, but as yet no time has
been fixed for the same.
To fill the vacancy caused by the ap
pointment of Senator John G. Tyrrell to a
lucrative position on the water front, ih
ternal Revenue Collector Lynch yesterday
promoted Deputy Collector Charles F.
Breidenstein as division deputy. William
M. King was appointed a deputy collect
or in place of Mr. Breidenstein. Mr. King
was taken from private life and appoint
ed at the request of Colonel Daniel M.
Burns. '
W. 3¥L King Enters Public Life.
Fifth Infantry Will Lo
cate Near Town of
Ukiah.
GUARDS GETTING
READY FOR CAMP
The Mother Lode Banner . reports that
there is a rumor that an immense chute
of ore \has been discovered in the Dutch
mine." at the 1200-foot level. A strike of
much value at ; the-Soulsby *mine Is also
reported by the same Journal. Ten stamps
will be added to the plant of the Repub
lican mill. ¦ The Wheal-Perrin mine has
been unwatered and prospecting will pro
ceed.' The Gold - Hunter mine, sixteen
miles east from Sonora, in the . Buchanan
district,' . more . recently known as the
New^Era; has." been bonded to'a" Sonora
mining Mnan. It .was j formerly worked
' profitably -^ and was shut down when the
surface deposits had been exhausted. .The
Gross mine at Tuttletown Is being opened
for inspection. The Sierra iValley, Rail wny
Company Us making .'a list of the mining
properties of Tuolumne County that are
actually : worked 'for; the 'purpose of- em
bodying the information : in a pamphlet to
exploit . the resources of i old .Tuolumne. . .
> The "Placervllle Nugget - says that the
Summit -Hill "mine of Spanish * Dry •;Dig
gings, better known" as the Ricci mine,
STBIKE IS REP0P.TED.
The Trinity Journal reports that opera
tions in the Rattlesnake district, I in the
northwestern part of Trinity County, are
resulting well.r-.-W.-H. Montgomery has a
good . showing of high grade ore his
mine, which is about forty-five miles west
from "Weaverville. From present ! indica
tions considerable placer mining will take
place in the county, this season. King &
Bagles are operating a hydraulic plant.
The. Coif ax Sentinel says that some fine
quartz is coming^ out of the Bonnie Bee
mine in Bear Valley, twelve miles east
of Dutch Flat, t The tunnel ' at the Red
Point drift mine is. now in on the chan
nel three and one-half miles. ? Fowler.
Dugger & • GUlett are working their river
bar claims on the north fork of the Amer
iuan River.
The (Amador 'Record reports that the
Belmont mine, near Defender, will resume
operations. An eighty-stamp mill will be
erected at the Fremont mine. Ten stamps
are to be added to the mill of the Mitchell
mine," one mile from Rlne Grove.
According to the Calaveras Prospect the
hydraulic mine at North Hill will be op
erated. I Water will be piped from the big
reservoir in Salt Spring Valley/ North Hill
is - about three • miles south from ' Jenny
Lind. Parties have been investigating the
Rattler mine on the Til ford ranch in Salt
Spring Valley. Frank Daniels has found
a vein . of ' gold quartz on . the Stackpole
ranch, near Milton. The Utica Mining
Company - ha3 th* work on its electric
plant well under t. ay. ''<<,-
E. F. . Adams tells the Bedding Free
Press that the Great Western Gold Com
pany will erect a lUO-ton smelter half a
mile below Copley, Shasta County. The
company is organized to operate the'Lib
erty group and 'other claims.
The Scott Valley Advance says that the
hydraulic mine at Orleans Bar has clean
ed up $45,000 this season. ,The Summerville
hydraulic mine on the south fork of the
Salmon is running with a full head of
water. Six dollars to the pan is credited
to the Tom Quigley claim on the Klamath
River from. recent operations, as the re
sult of sinking to bedrock.
AccordingN < to the ¦ Yreka Journal, the
late rains have continued the favorable
conditions for the hydraulic miners of
Siskiyou County, by melting the snow on
the mountains more rapidly and affording
a great amount of water for the giants,
elevators and for ground sluicing. .
DEVELOPING THE MINES
The right man backed by the right kind of
an exhibit would turn many to the mining coun
ties, and from the investigations and invest
ments resulting . therefrom new developments
would be made, new people given employment,
and additional revenue added to the world. The
whole question simplified 13 one of advertising
more thoroughly our resources and opportuni
ties, and the mining counties, old as they are
and rich as they are. are not' understood and
appreciated: abroad as much as their wealth
warrant!", and hence need to advertise as much
as any of the others.
If the miners want to get In this movement
all they have to do is to provide "an exhibit of
at least one or twQ average samples of all the
commercial minerals of the State and place
with- them some man who knows all- about
those minerals, who knows what localities they
arc found in and the extent of each as shown
by present developments. If he finds a man In
terested in copper he wants to tell him where
copper deposits In California are knoflrn to ex
ist; If in quartz, to direct him to the princi
pal quartz districts; If in gravel, to the most
important gravel mines of the State; if in iron,
to the iron deposits: if .in marble, to the lo
calities where marble is known to be plenti
ful, and so on through the entire category of
all the many economic minerals which are
known to abound within the State of Califor
nia. ' -
Strikes are frequently, occurring in' Califor
nia which if made in some remote district, dif
ficult of access and heretofore unknown as a
mining region, would cause a stampede of pros
pectors at once, but which on account of their
usual- occurrence here attracts little attention.
I have been asked by representatives of the
mining Industry of California whether there
is pnv way In which miners or strictly mining
countries can gat Into the larger movement for
State development in a way to realize some
benefits for their Interests. I have told them
that if we can carry out the idea of advertis
ing the State Board of Trade exhibit and in
formation bureau more thoroughly at home, un
ti' they shall ¦ become so popular and univer
sally known as to attract all . strangers who
may land in this city. In search of homes or
investments in California, there is no reason
why a representative of the mining
could not do a great deal with visitors in ex
plaining to them the opportunities which the
State offers for investments in mining and
other industries peculiar to the mining coun
ties ' "' ' ¦
• Already, without the local advertising con
templated, there are from 300 to 500 visitors
go through the exhibit of the State Board of
Trade every day, and of this number at least
one-third are strangers. One-half the : stran
gers on an average are here hunting for an op
portunity to get a foothold In California. — . .
Among so many there are sure to be some,
who could be interested In mining, and a rep
resentative of that industry would , find the
opportunity every day. to direct some of these
people to places where they m'ght expend their
capital or their labor, as the case might be.
in mining ventures, with as, much assurance of
success as in almost any other line of indus
try. ¦
Those who know California's mining re
sources know that they have as yet only been
touched; that many more millions lie Imbedded
in the mountains of California than were ever
taken out, and that the entire mining region
of the State . to-day .Offers Inducements greater
in many respects than. are offered by countries
farther away and harder to reach. \ .
EXHIBITS ARE NEEDED.
The State. Board of Trade has just en
gaged in exploiting mining information on
a new line, having collected In one large
case samples of commercial minerals from
every mineralized county of the State
and this is placed where every one. of
the thousands of ! visitors to the State
board' s exhibition : hall will flee it The
railroad "companies are also actively en
gaged in giving knowledge of California
mines simultaneously with- the imparting,
of facts about climate, and the wealth of
farm lands to whoever will read. All the
signs are that the California mines will
in the near future have the advantage of
new capital and new enterprises will be
created on the lodes. :
Concerning the work that may be done
to make known the mines of California,
Manager- Filcher of the State Board of
Trade makes the following statement:
.¦•„•'.¦", . ¦ . • » -
There is no lack of means in immediate
view for the exploitation of facts relative
to the mining industry of California. In
deed, this State is singularly favored
among the Pacific Coast States at this
time in having so many, agencies at work
to bring its resources,, mineral and agri
cultural, before the world. Attention has
recently been called to an admirable series
of county registers and maps, prepared
under the direction of State Mineralogist
Aubury, for the dissemination of exact
and reliable knowledge concerning mines
and prospects, something having large
practical value. The Promotion Commit
tee" has now several thousand dollars per
nionth of income in view, which will all
be expended in giving the Eastern people
facts that they need to encourage tbem
to come to California to live."
During the afternoon Principals Mann
and Faulkner were busy with Directors
Roncovieri and Mark in the office of the
board scrutinizing records and reports of
principals. Their intention is to procure
such data as will : enable them to put
plainly before the, Board of Supervisors
the needs of the .department and the
actual amount it is entitled to, based on
the average enrollment of pupils during
the last fiscal year.
Resolved, By the teachers in the city and
county of San Francisco in mass meeting: a«
sembled,- first, that the teachers now employed
should not through the' reduction of their sal
aries contribute to the furnishing of such
accommodations or instruction made necessary
by the prosperity of the city, but, second, that
the city should through its Board of Supervis
ors make special provisions for any increase of
attendance during the school year of 1002-1903
over the attendance of the present school year.
Third, that a committee of eighteen, of whom
the chairman of this meeting be a member,
be appointed to confer with the Auditor, thei
Board of Education, the Superintendent of
Schools and the Board of SuDervisors, to the
end that the appropriation for the School De
partment for the fiscal year of 1002^190:1 shall
be amDle to maintain and provide for the in
creased and constantly increasing school at
tendance.
Whereas, The estimate of the Auditor for
the maintenance of the School Department for
the fiscal year of 1002-1003 is In the opinion of
the Board of Education and the Superintendent
of Common Schools inadequate in that it will
not permit the board to make provision/for the
construction of School buildings, the rental of
rooms, the employment of additional teachers
made necessary by the rapid growth of the
city, without the reduction of the salaries of
teachers, therefore be it
The committee of teachers appointed at
Friday's mass meeting met yesterday in
the City. Hall to adopt a plan for the pur
pose of urging \a more liberal appropria
tion for the School Department than that
recommended- by . Auditor Baehr. There
was a long "discussion, in which the senti
ment was general that Bafehr's recom
mendation Is insufficient to conduct the
schools properly. . . / #
A sub-committee was appointed consist
ing of Joseph O'Connor,. principal of the
Mission High School; A. L. Mann, princi
pal of the Denman Grammar School, and
Richard D. Faulkner, principal of the
Franklin School. These. will confer with
the Board of Education to-morrow, wheu
the actual requirements of- the depart
ment will be canvassed. Arrangements
will. then be made for a meeting with the
Auditor and the Supervisors' Finance
Committee to discuss the situation. The
following resolution memorializing the
Board of . Supervisors to grant an in
creased appropriation, which was drafted
at the mass meeting of teachers and sub
mitted to the sub-committee for action,
was thereupon adopted:.
Coast's Mineral Resources Are
in a Fair Way to Be
Understood.
Declare Auditor's Estimate
Inadequate for the De- 1 s
' partment.
Suggests Way to Pub
lish Their Yalue for \
Investors.
Memorialize Supervisors
For; Liberal School
Appropriation. '
FILCHER WOULD
ADVANCE MINES
TEACHERS ASK
FOR MORE CASH
THE ¦SAN ; ; FBAOSreiSCO^ GALL, ;^STj^DAY;v:MA^Y\ ; 4y.;4902.
23
___^_^ ¦ .j: MISCELLANEOUS. ' Li J - -----I ---/--'-
that you can't find in every store. Lots of the best things made, you can buy
only here in this city. Many patterns are much out of the ordinary. Colors that
don't take the dust easily ; qualities that wear well.
Good Heavy Ingrains ; r Tapestry Brussels
Whatever you pay you always get the best here r* p«a The prices are not any more mm tfSp*"
for your money. These Ingrain Carpets-in < Lv f% interesting than -the carpets. Wfc^/» t A ¥kA
either plain colors or floral designs— are just one ,| »ft You'd te tempted to buy them rH-jBL. W OiTSL^
example; per yard here .. . ... ...... t^i^V/ at regular prices. NewSpring- **U^ W&J'W
patterns; 70c to $1.00 grad=s. "
Strictly AU-Wool Ingrains Fine Wilton Velvets
Costs you only a little time to come and see mnf*a First time these good qualities f\ m / jC
them and a saving of fifteen cents on each yard J kv /-k ¦'< have sold for so little: We've |l"fe/* ?/% t r i *t J
is worth looking into. Best grades made; all- M v»L --sold others atthesame rrices, IO B
wool— every thread. - • U^t but these excel them. Plenty *k
-.**"¦ . . -- of them to-morrow.
Body Brussels Carpets Axminsters and Wiltons
Everyone who is looking for handsome floor cover- tf*^ *Q -¦ No better styles at higher C-fl 1C £|a Cfl
ings will think these a great find and especially g •CD D rices— no better Carpets Hf i • 1J^* / i ; 4*- - #*^V
so at a saving of a quarter a yard. All with I ['„„..„ \ i IO r,
borders. • * * anywnere. *» Bad
Reception Hall Brussels Room Royal Wilton
Rugs v Rugs Room Rugs
S^S^^^^^K5S^^I§5fei^^S^9 feetby 12 fect Woven in one piece. No miters. Orien-
many different lengths C^C A Made of fine Brussels Carpets C|n tal patterns in many colors. The same
Made from Brussels Velvet »pW.J>U in handsome designs. Re- . *P I "^ grade Rugs that most <T n A C A
and Axminster Carpets with M markable values for . . . . JL^ stores sell for $ 10 more — 4» M*^y
mitered corner border; $15, • ' 9 feet by 12 feet. ... %3 %Lk
$12, $10 and ....... " They arc regular $20 Rugs.
Roxbury and Stmson Tapestries Bigclow and Lowell Axminsters
In dainty new patterns, exact copies of fine Axminsters Absolutely the best high-pile carpet made; all the
and Body Brussels; regular down-town price 7fl rt latest fall patterns and colorings; price $1.75; ti PA
$1.00. This week, sewed and laid :..... lUW . this week, sewed and laid . . . . . .....
Stores which cannot compete with these prices try to overcome this by referring in glowing terms to private
designs and exclusive patterns. Don't you believe a word of it! We all buy in the same market arid from the same
manufacturers, and our ready cash is quite as alluring as the next man's. We CAN and DO show anything that any
carpet house in this city will and we guarantee you prices 25 per cent less. This new stock of ours was bought early
and is the pick of all the new season's output If you are thinking of new carpets— see us.
; • -.
¦ -^— — ¦ ¦ ¦ ' - ' a ....
la COP JS & MISSION ST&BELT
\ AI)VEB,TISEMENTS.
FiienoiSieirial Offers no'
. We believe we | W^^^/f MMfflW^
greatest' -v^ilue ; in- . "%p" ljif///^j^M
has ever been in-. - XnttoIv '^^iMlM $Wi
introduced: in San ?^^
Francisco — weare ; "^^^&\ I /^^
the; only store iri I
this city that has
vthis line of goods,
the ¦ demand will . be great $
and the selling'very rapid,. -^^^£w!f/j) ///
so we advise all of , our <*j0BS*!^jy //'
friends- to come early— i'rM
these silks come in ; ¦ s ;¦
¦- Old rose Light blue Pongee - Lilac Reseda
Pink Black Red Royal brine Green.
• : It is "a'fine, clean-cut, bright, fresh lot, just out from the factory —
mo'stly striped effects and far ahead of anything yet shown in the wash
'¦<¦ silk line — mail orders filled if received in time and accompanied by
cash I... • -v ................60c Yard
Another Great Value in Walking Skirts-
To-morrow we place on sale a strictly all-wool walking skirt
in heavy weight cheviot— it is just the skirt you need for your vacation,
so come early— made in the newest way with graduated flounce, tailor
seam— : this is a regular $6.00 skirt and fits as well as any made-to-order
skirt could possibly fit— a great special, beginning to-morrow..
k~7,vf; ; $4.25 Each
' We also have some strong values ; . in walking skirts at $3.00,
$3.75, $5.00 and $6.00 each. f
An $18 Tailor-Made Suit-
This seems the popular price for a tailor-made suit and we believe we
have the best $18.00 suit in San Francisco — of fine black cheviot with
the new peblum jacket, pointed front, bell sleeve, edged on collar and
peblum with black cat stitching over black-4affeta silk— deep graduated
flounce headed with cat stitching— well lined, well finished and a suit
that fits unusually well — a dressmaker would charge $40 to make a suit
of the quality of this one, and a made-to-order suit could not pos-
sibly At any belter than this— worth examining $1S.OO Each
Our $25 Tailor Suits—
Of black Venetian cloth with an Eton jacket, short back, dip front,
" trimmed with stitched bands of peau de soie on revere and girdle ef-
fect of same, bell sleeves-^-skirt is made with deep graduated flounce,
trimmed with peau de soie silk— this is an elegant suit and fits per-
fectly ...,. $25.00 Each
New Black Silk Jackets— ". , .^
These are all the rage now everywhere — a nice assortment has just ar-
rived here of moire and peau de soie silk,- handsomely trimmed — not
many, but very choice
$S.5O, $10, $12.50, $13, $14, $15, $19, $20 and $22.50 Each
|v~~Frie^nan V Furniture ]
I— - 'Tis True, I
H That Carpet Mak'ers discontinue some of the most . I]
| - " taking " patterns, for one reason or another; sometimes it's because they |
I are so difficult to make there is no profit in them. We have just been no- ' M
y tified that a number of our best sellers will be made no more. So we offer |i
| all such at' Clearing - out Prices. That's the way we keep our stock up— s|
I 75c Tapestry Brussels, 5Oc **. yard |
I $5c Tapestry Brussels, 6Oc 'sx yard |
1 1.20 Smith's Axminster, 90c »l yard J
| 1.35 Body Brussels 1.1 O yard d
I 1.50 Hartford Axminster, 1.2O yard |
H Rooms Measured. Carpets Sowed, Laid, Lined with PADDSD H
1 . LINING — Same Good Luck for Oakland. • Alattned* or Berkeley.' U
1 Big, Heavy ''Dixie" ilS^SlSiol I
§ : Thick, High" Pile, Woven in One Piece. Bordered Tile and Floral designs . r|
1 in art shades of greens and blues with white. Handsome, Durable Rugs, y
1 Rniv Rriict'pfc Qnnni Puns 9xl2 feet « worth $ 30 ' I
I DUjy Dl U55CI5 KUUIll KUyd this week for $22.50 I
4 a « .- Richest Oriental Patterns, in twenty different o
I reg*^""""^ shades and designs. These Brussels rugs will
I VJJjjlpTy-^l last for years; you never tire of Oriental patterns |
1M-V We Sell Without* Limit |
1 \SkSI^ usually, but on this Golden Oak Dining Chair |
H ;' \p^lpifif--f^P cannot allow more than six to each customer. £
i r^irssSl^f ;¦> Cane Seat, Ornamented Back Strongly -Braced, q
1 -The Credit Housed; .Six Stories. Higik. P
I 233-235-23?' Post^Street. Phbive" Private Cx 37 I
4#f "^f * C C i 8 1 S. n&
M _ k cre is good reason why we do the drug business of the
JT State, f It is simply because of our prices— there is absolutely %
'Jr T SCmC m P urchasin S Power <lrugs of small druggists when 1
ffl ]. y r cl ? gct freshcr and bc «cr goods here at cut rate prices. This 1\
,'ffi r£°f mstancc 5 8° od until next Saturday night, May ioth. ' li\
IK Tc ' e P hone ordcr * delivered— South 356 open day and night. *i\
I Munyon's Soap . ; jOc Owl Cold Cream 20c 61
fj If yoo will remember yoa h.ve ,, . I v " caui *" c II
1 aiway* pud ijc Hide by bi to fell at 25c— better \ ' V
\ Raymond's Rorida Water 35c iX^T"''"" 40 '
2 Our rcpiUMjc bottle. UlnCr Brushes J5c 1
h Precipitated Chalk— Ib 20c SSe'JS." 11 *"**' brirtJei W0D<t
I 'X A good tooth powder— «c!linr reru- | . •• t rk .....
\£ uri y «i S cib. .. * * Ladies' Pocket-Books 40c ||
tE| Kirk's White Oatmeal Soap 40c dor Oar regular joe kind-<Jepirtment
<|i Do you rver remember of getting it ,. 8tore * "* r 6 e cr « more ./ i
A for leu than jc a cake . Listwinc rt^c I 'Pi
V^ Martin's ftye Whiskey 75c The re t»i*r $nize wjj
to;, Regular $i bottles, wen worth the Warner's Safe Cure 85c ml
\'A uri u u' i # The weU - known J'-ij «ize lil/l
\\V\ Witcn Hazel $1 gal. Gude's Pepto Mancan 85c Jm
V\4 tW ' thC haDitei ** UOM Other ««>Ki*» charfe |,,«. /f/J/
VvSl * 1125 M«rll*4 St.. San FrancUro f/lf
" AjDVEBTIST)-MT11fTS.
The .World Rejoices at the Discovery of
a System of Treatment That Is Per-
manently Curing Thousands of
Cases Formerly Thought '
. . ' , Incurable.
: .. ¦ \
One Week's Treatment Free to, A1V
The above Is a portrait of Dr. J. M. Pee-
bles, who through fifty years "of experimenta-
tion and study has made discoveries that prom-
ise health and strength to all. At the age of 80
he is as healthy and vigorous as most men
of 30. and he says all can command their
health. 1£ they but will. The doctor has writ-
ten a book called "A Message of Hope" for
the sole. purpose of revealing to suffering hu-
manity the hidden powers that are possessed
by all and . explaining- to them the wonderful
; treatment are the paralytic, also those suffering
; from Brlght's disease, consumption,' catarrh,
stomach ¦ and bowel troubles, nervous debility,
rheumatism, heart disease, female troubles,
fits, neuralgia, bladder trouble, dropsy, , ecze-
jna,»>+i!o<id disorders, piles, . asthma, in : fact,'
all chronic troubles. So sure is the doctor
that his treatment . will cure all chronic dis-
eases that he has instructed- the Institute of
which he . is ¦ physician In chief to give to
every . reader of The Call' who is •in poor
health one week's treatment free, .postage
paid, - in order to demonstrate to them that
Health; is within their grasp. 8 Write ¦ at
once, . addressing Dr. Peebles' * Ineti tuto of
Health, Battle Creek, Mich., drawer R3. stat-
ing your ; troubles, that they . may prepare a
special , treatment to fit your exact condition.
They will also send you their. book, "A Mes-
sage of Hcpfr,'-'. explaining fully their grand
system, of treatment and a full dlagonsls -of
your case with their professional ; advice. ¦: ¦,..;
••fflbr-^ "REMOVED m
UPlTHE ft'A^It OF TIMEil
BpaK' that hides the beauty oi Wart! ;
Ear many faces. The com- laffij
¦ By plexioii changes. : resulting fSBi I
Psr from exposure, improper cos- 13 g|
'! m .."¦ m e tics : and -age, . etc.,- are raff ¦
H quickly removed. -The -"im- »¦
tt ; movement is rapid. -THERE .11
¦ \i . IS ; PURITY In the very M
I N " touch- of : Creme de^Lis. ; : It ¦'•'
¦ '. .Imparts' the l health-glow of '..',¦ v
B . youth. ,• Removes tan. and "'¦'"¦•'¦'•
H sunburn quickly.' ! 50c a bot- -' 8
|\ /' tie at - drug stores, : or dii ect i
|j\ - ' from us. ' Trial - eize, post- flj r
i: Br*Jb.';B.'-harrington & co., 'JrSpecial Dispatch to Th« Call.
SEATTLE, May 3.— Keeping leg-irons
on a 10-year-old boy is a part of the sys
tem of discipline adopted by Major Cicero
Newell, superintendent of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society of Seattle. He con
fessed as much to the Board of County
Commissioners yesterday, when he was
called in to explain the charge made
apainst him by E;. A. McDonough.
Major Newell is paid by the county for
keeping homeless children until homes
can be found for them.' i A boy J named
Ernest Brown was placed in his charge
recently. McDonough, wishing to adopt
the boy. went over to Newell' s place and
there found the child dragging himself
around with chains on his ankles.
McDonough reported the matter to the
County Commissioners, and Newell was
called in to explain. He admitted tfiat he
had sometimes put chains on the- boys'
legs^ for a short time,; but denied that he
had compelled him to wear them all day
at any time. He was warned not to re
peat the offense. < ¦
It is believed that the boy had worn the
chains considerably, as It is said the skin
was rubbed off his ankles. The boy has
been taken away from the home by Mc-
Donough, who will adopt him. . j '-'-.*
Charges Made Against
OflQcial of an Asy
lum.
CHILD WALKS
IN SHACKLES
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE ',''/'
...'¦ OF^ THE PACIFIC COAST
Several . Changes Made . in the Postal
sions Granted.
.Service and More New Pen-
\ WASHINGTON. -" May" 3.^-Postmaster
commlssioned^-Charles F. Sirigletary,
Tinemaha, .. ' Cal. , [Appointed— Harriet
Sharp, Buntingville.Lassen, County, Cal.;
vice A'.' B.' Sharp/ resigned ; j C. ' R> Bockler *
Ritter, Grant County; Of.', vice J.D.' Kirk, J
; resigned. .'; ..'.•.-"'.' •,->•'-? :' '^ ; ' ¦-¦ ; !-^-,
; : These ;, pensions iwere granted Ito-day:
. California:' . Original— John tA.-'. 1 Steel,
Vallejo.-$8;, Andrew *J.-Storts, 7 Boulder
Creek. 56; Lycurgus GrimrArcata; $6;'Cal
vin; W. , Hanks, - Berkeley. $6. . (Increase-
Thomas *. Murphy,". : Pomona. • $12; : Michael
McMahon, Veterans' ;¦ Home." Napa; ¦: %%;
James D., Smith,. Oakville,. $12;'. James G.
Stevenson, Arroyo Grande.- $10; * John : H.
Page,' Los ; Angeles,-: $8; William \ Stewart,
San.', Francisco,'- $12;": 'Charles ; W. '.Smith,
Downey. $12;. George W.^ Lowery, Los 'An
geles,* $12: Hiram '¦ M.<Vanarman.. Oakland.
$6;* Charles v.C.*' Allen,- Monterey; $17; Hi
'ram;D.iGlasener,.Ix>s ; Angeles, $12. . " »
Oregon: • Original— Alfred H..' Carson^
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, May 3.— The fiercest fire that
ever raged in Redding occurred this aft
ernoon, when a row of ¦ frame . business
buildings with a frontage of 150 feet In the
business center of California- street was
swept out. The conflagration cleaned out
everything between two brick business
blocks. The known loss is $20,000, with in
surance. of about $14,000. ,
Thesflre started in the Paragon ; Hotel
and was checked at the brick block on the
north, owned by. W. j H. Bergin, and c by,
the' Free Press block, owned by Frank M.
Swasey, . on. the south.. Both r of these
buildings for a time seemed doomed and
the Free Press block, worth $20,000, was
given up. It escaped with $2000 damage.
The. origin of" the fire is in doubt. Ex-
Assemblyman J. A. Hubbard .says-he
found a burning lamp with- a- curling iron
it it which had fired the wallpaper. Land
lord 'D. G. Coy says no lamps were kept
in his : ' house and that :the-:-; fire -which
started a hundred. feet from the -kitchen
must have been caused by crossed electric
wires.' ¦¦•,'¦ ¦¦"- : -. -- *" ; <,"¦¦¦';¦ ¦¦:¦ r • '. : .. .
As ! the 'town -clock; struck' 2 /smoke
poured from the front end ; of the second
story of the hotel -and down into the of
fice. An alarm broughtv the fire depart
ment-in five "minutes,' and two 'streams
were turned on the building. >. The flame3
spread so quickly that only the office fur
niture and cash I register and a few arti
cles from the barroom.', could, be -saved
Guests who: were, near at hand saved
what they could ; seize in. their hands, but
most of them lost their property.
The firemen abandoned the hotel r and
tried, to save :,the' adjoining, buildings
That to the north, owned: by < Mrs.* Alol
ney and used as a saloon and V. C.^Snell
ing's barbershop, quicklytook-flre. The
Bergh block, . above this, checked the fire
The fire was carried to the south by'a
breeze I and I quickly consumed the barber
shop of 'D. Marich, the shoestore of W P'
Buck,' the Jewelry and fruit store of G* A*
Sparks,' a 1 building' owned- by; Dr. ': O? j'
L»awry s and' occupied 'as a saloon? and
CharleB Burns' chophouse;' .The j occupants
had taken -warning and • each *, saved • some
of his . stock." The 'sweep ' of the fire wa3
checked by_ the : brick : Free Press I block at
the cornerof'Yuba' street. ''"• .• •-:;s-
More than 2000 people had gathered and,
hundreds of ' men ' lent f assistance. Two
men wrapped in „ wet blankets crawled up
in 1 ai terrible ' heat: and' liberated 1 ) a -score
of chickens . from ; a coop back ; of. the ho-
Twenty - Thousand - Dol
lar Blaze in Shasta
Special Dispatch to The Call. ; —
.; FRESNO, May ,3.— The excitement at
Reedley over r the . midnight hold-up , of
Henry Bollin, the 1 storekeeper, Thursday
night was greatly intensified ' yesterday
morning ]by= the arrest for the crime of
C: R. AVebster, a cook.'
• The arrest was made by Constable
Stingley on a. warrant sworn to by Bollin,
who say3 he is positive in. his ; identifica
tion 6f his assailant. -The clerk who was
brought to the store' with Bollin on the
night of < the robbery also . statea his pos
itive-belief : that the man under y arrest Is
the .would-be -robber. . * *j
( . At. the time of/ the crime the highway
man was masked; but the two victims
assert , they him first, by -his
voiced Webster > has resided ; in 1 Reedley
for ¦ about a year, having conducted a
restaurant; there with -his : wife. • He Is
weir known to Bollin, .with whom he has
traded ; almost continuously. . ' .
.'Immediately after the 'arrest -Constable
Stingley made a search, of Webster's
premises for the disguise; worn by the
desperado, but could .find, nothing. . In
spite of^ this, however,, and ; of the;pro
testations ' of • innocence made .by the • res
taurant man, the officer and -the victims
of the hold-up believe the right man has
been caught.. -.. . „ .
"Webster." was .taken "before Justice of
the ; Peace Walton at Sanger -" this : after
noon for' arraignment. . • .'
SAYS A VOICE
GIVE TIE CLEW
Victim of the Reedley
Hold-Up Has a Cook
Arrested. .V
Your First Duty to Yourself
I» to look after your own comfort The com
fortable trains of the Nickel. PlaU Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 85c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMb.
P. C. P. A.. 37 Crocker building, San Fraa
deco. Cal. ' .. ¦-•:¦ •",-' ;'. '"{ ¦:;%.'
RUINOUS FIRE
ALARMS REDDING
tel. Tommy Cox, a prizefighter, .who was
the last man out of the Paragon Hotel,
fought his way through the smoke and
rescued a woman's canary bird from the
parlor. Mrs. Morris, mother of Claude
Morris, the young Alturas lyncher who
confessed, arrived at - the Paragon last
night. She had sold everything she owned
at Alturas and^ was I leaving the State.
She. had 520O0 in greenbacks and some se
curities. She got out without any of hei
effects and thought her money had been
burned. After a time she .•reached^for
her handkerchief- and found Jier $2000^ tr.
greenbacks tucked safely in her pocket.
The losses are: George Groves, owner
of the Paragon Hotel and the stores of
Buck, Marich & Sparks. $6500 insurance
J5000; Mrs." Alolney, on Snelhng^barber
shop and saloon. $1200,- insurance $800; Dr.
O J Lawrey, Black -Diamond building,
51000. insura nee 5600; Frank M. Sweasey ,
on Free Press block. 52000. t ully. ¦ -covered ;
William Bergh; loss on.bulldlng.SlBOO, in
sured: D.G. Coy. & Son, hotel^furnlture
and effects. 53500, insurance / 51200. . V. xC.
Snelllng, 51000. insurance »00: a W.'P. Buck.
.$500. insurance' $300: G. A. Sparks,. $1800
insurance 5750; .John P. Brass, saloon
stock, 51000. insured; Charles Burns, chop
house, . in same building. 5300; no insur
ance; Peter Johnson, damage to saloon
stock, '5250; Insured...' Many, guests at the
Paragon lost everything.,-.
A DELIGHTFUL college dinner
-/\' • was : given last' evening by Dr.V
Lj\ and Mrs. J. C. Spencer at their V
Aj\ residence, 3522 Clay street, for..
their' soit.^Donald Spencer. The,,
decorations were blue. and gold, college.
colors, Eschscholtzias, ., bachelor, button;
and other spring flowers were arranged.'
with ribbons with- artistic effect. The
guests were: Percy Gardner/ Ben Reed,
Stanley Walton, Miss Reed, Miss Georgia
Spieker," Miss Hazel Maydwell .and Miss
Marie Bull. ¦¦-"'¦' ' : ¦ "'- ¦ *;"¦ ".*-•
Yesterday at high noon Miss Hortense
A. Volkman and Peter" R.'-LUnd were
married at the home of ¦ the bride's par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. C. M. . Volkman, 2202
Jones street. Rev. E. Nelander performed
the ceremony.; The wedding was a very
quiet affair only a few friendsand rela
tives being present. Mr. and Mrs. Lund
left last evening for an extended tour or
Southern California on their honeymoon.
Upon their return they will reside in this
city, where Mr. Lund is known as one of,
the brightest" and most promising of the
. Two hundred and fifty Trapplst monks
are now working at twenty-five stations
in' South Africa-. .'¦•. ¦ *.-¦ .-. . ' : ¦*•
OBJECTS TO NEW RESTAURANT.— J. R.
Richards, who purchased from N. M. Benja
min the restaurant business at 320 Maaon
street, is suing 1 for an Injunction restraining
the latter from starting a restaurant ' at - 363
Geary street. He claims that when the gala
was consummated Benjamin agrreed not wj
start a restaurant within eight blocks of him
for two years.
Held for Embezzlement.
. William"; S. - Brown was . held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday on the charge of felony em
bezzlement In 52000 .bonds. He was ac
cused of embezzling $100 from J. F. Wal
ters/ 927 Market street, by whom he was
employed." He fled to Chicago, where he
was arrested. •-.-¦¦¦ \ v-. ¦ ., .
Desire All Night Service.
1 The Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs held a general discussion last night
on the ways and means of raising money
for defraying the expenses of city governv
ment. The Question of . increasing the
liquor license was debated, but as there
were only eight delegates present no
definite action was taken. The federation
adopted a resolution which will be pre
sented to the Board of Supervisors, re
questiong that body to use its power to
secure an all night streetcar service. .
Grants ' Pass. $6. Increase— Ephralm
Raack, Albany. 510; Thomas W.\ Swope,
Oregon City, 512. - , , .
Washington: Original— George F. Ca
rey, Spokane, $6. War with Spain—Wil
liam R. Fait, Springdale, 58/ Increases-
John Johnston, Gate City, $12; Thomas
Cheetham, Falrhaven, J10.
Army Order— Major Francis L. Fayson,
paymaster, now. at San Francisco, is as
signed to duty there.
younger men In the employ of -the South
ern Pacific Company. ; • ¦ ;-
Mrs. * -William Crocker!- is entertaining
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton, the noted writer,
1 over Sunday at her Burllngame home.
Mrs. Atherton was guest of . honor at a
small informal tea given- by Mrs. Char
lotte L. Jones at the residence of her sis
ter, Miss Burnett, 1450 Franklin street, on
Thursday afternoon. The hostess • was as
sisted by. her daughter. Miss Grace Jones.
Among the guests -»were: Mrs. Frank
Symmes, Mrs. Bunnell, a sister of Mary
Mapes Dodge; Miss Lake, sister-in-law of
Edward Townsend; Mrs. B. F.' Norrls.
the moterof Frank Norris; Mrs. Ashton
Stevens, M^s.,Atherton's sister, and sev
eral other women interested directly or
indirectly In Mrs. Atherton and her work.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Tillie Walsh and Captain J. J. Meany of
the United States steamship Iris, now.ln
service in the Philippines, j Miss Walsh is
> the daughter of John Walsh, who was
well known in the early days of Califor
nia as proprietor of the old stage station
at Fourteenth and G streets, Sacramento,
and later as a .prominent merchant (it
•that place. The bride-elect was educated'
"at Notre i Dame Convent, : where she de
• veloped a marked talent for music, and
'her education has been. especially directed
¦ 'along musical lines, i She has held a high
as piahiste In this. city. -for- the
last eight years. I • Captain Meany is ¦ a
•nephew of Patrick Collins Major of Bos
ton. The. wedding will take place about
: ; June !.'• ¦.-,;¦ - *'*' : *. ¦'¦¦¦. '*¦'.- ¦"'-*¦
j Mrs; John R. Jarboe is the guest of her
sister, Mrs. C. P. Robinson, at 1213 Jones
street, and will remain during ithe sum
mer, instead of going to the Santa Cruz
Mountains, as • has been; erroneously
stated. . ' :'
Walter Scott left for Honolulu on
Thursday to make ready for his wedding
in June with Miss Rice.
Ex-Governor and Mrs. Baxter are at
the Palace Hotel. -
: Mrs. C. , Ber theau and Miss "Helen Ber
theau.are preparing for a six months' trip
to Europe. They will start ' on Wednes
days of this week.
SAN FRANCISCO GIRL WHO WILL |
MARRY CAPTAIN J. : J. MEANT
OF THE U. S. S. IRIS.
COW CAUSES
A BOY'S DEATH
Jose.
Terrible Accident Befalls
a Child in San
It is supposed that the child in playing
with the cow tied the rope about his neck
and in trying to drive her was dragged
to death. The wound on the head was
either caused by a kick from the animal
or in - striking the fence while belnir
dragged. The child expired before a phy
sician arrived.
This evening when the other children
came In to supper Peter was missing and
a search revealed him dying in the cow
yard. About his neck was the end cf
the cow's rope and on his head was a
deep cut.
The lad. with h!s parents. Mr. and Mrs.
Cirso de Salvo, who reside In San Fran
cisco, came to San Jose a few days ago
to visit C. Palezzeri and family on Lu
crptia avenue. This afternoon the boy
went out to play with the children. The
Palezzeris have a cow and the little boy
took a great liking to it.
SAN JOSE, May 3.— Peter de Salvo, a
seven-year-old lad, met a tragic death
this evening by being dragged to death
by a cow.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B.C., May 3.—Dismast
ed half-smashed from a battering by
the rough waves of the northern seas, the
steamer Concordia was picked up yester
day off the coast of Vancouver, Island by
the Vancouver, steamer New, England.
The finding of. the vessel, points defi
nitely to another awful casualty in the
list of coast disasters. Not a living soul
was found aboard. -The boat was fully
equipped, well engined and had apparent
ly been fitted out ready for a long coast
cruise. She would have carried at least
four of a crew and had sleeping apart
ments for half a dozen others, so that
probably at least- eight 'or nine persons
were aboard. Where they are now no
one knows. The New England made a
search of nearby coasts, but found noth
ing.
When found the vessel was being swept
from stem to stern by every wave, and
getting away in a small boat would have
been impossible. What was the fate of
the crew and the passengers is a mys
tery. They were probably swept over
board.
The New England ran across the dere
lict yesterday afternoon. The hull of the
steamer was fifty miles off the northern
end of Vancouver Island and fifty miles
west of Ftizhugh Sound. '¦
She was away out In the open sea twen
ty miles from the regular course of north
bound vessels. She was drifting north
toward the Queen Charlottes, from whose
halibut banks the New England was com
ing. The pilot house and the after house
over the boiler had been carried away by
the monster seas which were still rolling
yesterday. . :
The vessel was rolling heavily and Cap
tain Gott of the New England does not
believe she would have stayed afloat
another two hours. Her hold was more
than half full of water and small casks
and boxes of provisions were , floating
around with a scum of coal dust over the
imprisoned water. There were several
large barrels and chests of hams, bacon,
sugar and other staples and half a dozen
boxes ' of sea biscuits.
. The steamer had evidently fitted out on
Puget Sound, for there were Seattle labels
on some of the boxes, and she had prob
ably coaled at Nanaimo or. Union. There
were two rifles and two shotguns, which
would indicate " that the passengers were
either mine prospectors or. timber hunt
ers who had been searching along- the
coast. There was some clothing scattered
and under pieces of displaced machinery,
but nothing to show the names of the
people who had been aboard. The coal
was still well stowed and there was
enough to last the boat for a. month. The
hull over all was about sixty feet in
length and between twelve and fourteen
feet beam. :
The vessel was apparently new and may
have. been built,. at -some one of tha can
nery: posts along, the coast. The I only
name like hers in the coast shipping reg
isters Is that, of the poncord, a smaller
vessel, whose home, port Is St. .Michael,
Alaska. .
Captain Gott got the derelict in tow of
the New England and after giving, her.
enough speed to make steerage way. bailed
her out and shoveled the coal overboard
to lighten her and finally towed her into
a secret cove at the northern end of Van
couver Island, where she now lies. '
Officers of the New England are con
vinced that the crew met their end some
where off the rocky coast and the worder
is that the derelict stayed afloat so long.
Her provisions and outfit are destroyed,
but as- she stands the vessel, should be
worth several thousand dollars. . .
Mariners Feel Certain. That the Ves
sel • Lost Her Men in . Terrific
Storm Off the Vancouver
¦ Coast.
Steamer Is the Concordia
and the Crew Has •
v Disappeared.
Derelict in the North
Tells of a Probable
Tragedy.,
RIDES SEA
WRECKED AND
SAILORLESS
DR. AND MRS. SPENCER GIVE
ENJOYABLE COLLEGE DINNER
Miss Tillie Walsh to AVed Naval Officer-=-Miss
Hortense Volkman a Bride.
THE .SAN PBANCISCO ; \CALL,' I SU]^AY,/'MAY, <t 4, 1902..
24
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,
SENT FREE^ff^g
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Uuiekly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
. . . * " f ... _
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
; : to All Who Write. ;
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
blo remedy, are being mailed to all who
will; write to ..the State Medical Institute.
They -cured so many, men 'who had bat-
tled .* for years 1 against- the -mental 'and
physical sufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to/distribute free
trial -packages to all- who "write. It la a
home v, treatment 'and all 'men who suf-;
f er from any ; form of sexual weakness
resulting from ; youthful folly,, premature
loss of, strength and memory.- weak back,
.varicocele- or,' emaciation- of- parts can
noTv-'cure- themselves at. home. • ¦¦ . "¦.
The remedy, has a. peculiarly : grateful,
effect' of warmth ,' and -seems-, to ; act di-,
rect - to •' • the v desired • location, I giving
strength and ° just : where it
Is needed: It j cures, all- the ills > and trou-
bles- that come, from, years of /misuse of.
the ;naturalv functions land has -been an
absolute 'success in all • cases. * , " A • request
to, the,' State tMedical Institute, 328 Eiek-
. tron ¦¦ building,/ Fort iWayne, ' Ind., '¦-,¦ y lat-
ing that- you desire one; of ; their free, t»ial
packages, ., will " ; be ' complied with prompt-
ly.' The • institute is desirous i of * reaching
that •/. great, class , of' men j who 7- are '¦; un-
able to i leave home to ;be - treated,, and
the free . samples ; will < enable : them ; , to see
how* ; easy it : Is to ; be t cured | of <¦• sexual
weakness iwhen the: proper remedies -are
employed; i.The, institute makes no restric-
tions. .; Any : man s who * writes I will , be sent
¦ a free. sample,": carefully: sealed^. ln-a' plain
package,- so i that t its •>, recipient = need '-¦ have
no '. fear;: of embarrassment or -¦** publicity.'
Readers r are ¦'requested to write; withoHit
Here's a statement '* W^.
from a man who suffered with
malaria. If you suffer, too,
read what he says and become
cured.
April 28, 1902.
Gentlemen : — - vv ..-: : -~
I desire to make a statement of my malaria experience and
how I was permanently cured by taking Halpruner's. I am doing
this because I want others to know what a valuable medicine
yours is for the cure of malaria, and hope they will cure them-
selves as I did.
For several years I have been engaged in Working in
Golden Gate Park, San Francisco, and a part of my duty was* 5 to
care for the lawns and flowers, and it was quite necessary for me
to do considerable watering. • r
About two years ago I contracted a stiffness, tired and un-
restful feeling in my joints, my back ached and I became dizzy
upon arising in the morning. This was soon followed by loss of
appetite, biliousness, fever and chills. I became so sick I could
not perform my labor and I had to take to my bed. Doctors ad-
vised me that I had the malaria and gave me prescriptions for
it, but I was unable to get any relief until I tried Halpruner's. I
took a teaspoonful of Halpruner's in a glass of water .four times *
a day and -broke up my chills and fever at once.
"J. continued taking the medicine until I had used a full large
bottle and was then cured permanently.-, p
I have not had a recurrence of the disease, but take a dose
every once in a while when I feel the least bit indisposed. I think
Halpruner'r is a remarkable medicine, and I think I have a right
to think so, because I have had a personal experience with it. I
hope all malaria sufferers will receive the benefit Halpruner s has
given me. .
Yours, truly, / .
A great many people are suffering from malaria all the time especially
during the spring and summer. ' -These people are. taking quinine, calomel and
mother. drugs that can't possibly help them- to health— only temporary relief and
a savage return of the' malaria within a few days.
f Halpruner's. is a harmless, easily-taken medicine, that drives the malaria
poison, cuit, of : the body through the pores of the. skin— it drives malaria out to.
stay and does no harm whatever to any. other part of the body. If vou suffer
from malaria, chills, fever, a tired, dizzy feeling:, bones and joints ache no appe-
tite, sluggish. liver. and coated'toneue.. try * Halpruner's— insist on your drutreist
.giving it to you— take nothinc else—^oc and $i a bottle— the large size con-
tains threelimes the quantitvof the small size-a trial bottle, will be sent to any
addt«s|i>repaidtpon receipt of $i. .Halpruner MTg Co., 28 California St., San
Jifeiprtiner^
* ADVEBTISE2EENTS. Vj •
HEARING RESTORED.
After 25 Years of Suiter ing with Catarrh, Which Caused Deal-
ness, Mr. W. Scott Was Completely Cured by
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY.
„ m j am hard of- hearing. ' : About six weeks
jd J^^ ~ -^v. ago I was so sick I could ' not eat. sleep
ydy ' and hardly able to walk. Felt more like
v /fff \ ' ¦ dying than. living. Was under a doctor's
[iff \ < care and taking all kinds of drugs and
¦ j If, /, :¦„ in,- V\ medicine, douches, solutions In nose. etc.
I 1 m W M&$kJ iS^S&kM The doctor nearly blew my head awav
fflm0fiZ2&**&&&L : with a powerful air pump-'-medicated
M^^^^M^^j\ air." he called it. It did absolutely noth-
E?J%^^Sg^' V ir.g in my case. ¦ I threw everything away
• WKmfc* M \ n —medicine, air pump, douches— and com-
liim iMSfe^ /) menced on Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey. I
«WM>S}TOV\ V felt better from the start. I take one
' -^mx/Wf I vLJ—L - ounce with water before and after eacn
ywM&%i>\D meal and at bedtime, and now after
Jb^M/lP^ %5«L ' • using- four bottles. I can - eat and drink
iWi/ffM • and. sleep, well, and, I. feel better to-day
jtWiM^'&Zffl \^"* r than I have for twenty years. I was op-
ALSWmi£Zk&i U pesed to all kinds of liquor and used none
V ¦ for twenty-five years. I use Duffy's as
*^^ \ — J a. medicine only.lnd shall continue to use
f ilfftifTWitfliTrTITnnr ' ' Pi it as long as I live if I can get it. I know
/ M^^SS^g^ra xsT : it will keep me alive, and may m time
7 OH -' l^i \ J^ : Improve my hearing. I hope 1* will. Tours
'fnl • I /I £jt very sincerely, "• SCOTT.-
' * ' " I • I / 1 $$ A LATER LETTER
Dear Sirs:. Have Improved some since
TX7 SCOTT. ' writing you before, only occasional cough
3758 N Fifteenth Street a^ 3 ver y lltUa discharge from nose. Feei-
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March* 10. 1901. ing much better. My hearing is much im-
Dear Sirs: I have now used four bottles proved nowr n » t , so . mu J ll n "!f_ i: _ 1 ? l °?
of your Malt Whiskey, and I .think I owe head since Duffy' s_ has brought my blood
my life to this whiskey. I am 67 years old to a healthier condition and motion. Sin-
and have had catarrh of the nose, throat cerely yours,_ w. bCOTT.
and head for twenty-five years or more. I ' March 31, 1901. . . ¦ . - ¦¦
Thousands like Mr. Scott have been cured- of Catarrh. Asthma, Bronchitis In-
fluenza,' Grip and Consumption by- Duff y^s. Pure Malt Whiskey which .stimulates,
enriches the blood, aids digestion, builds new tissue and kills the disease germa.
The system must be kept strong and vig- . , m ¦ ~
"orous, so that It will throw oft disease. \*^5\5ftE & T?^^
It Is the run-down, worn-out system that . jy*L\)i" *-*" -<yV£>^.
contracts those . diseases which so often vKfiVv''^^ "'' " ">
prove fatal. Take heed, build ' up your >/iCvH\A '
body, keep your blood rich and the circu- - AW SKj\ X!VavV " ;
latlon normal, then you need have no fear , fluffs .irifcM _/^@6few \*AvV
Duffy's 'Pure Malt Whiskey is pre- /fS/}/ ,^^k V^^^r X^U
scribed by doctors and used exclusively in UCSl \§k?$fc*^^£ft\^ l>lt
all the prominent hospitals. It has stood fljil IRll
severe tests for fifty years and always H^[ /%A\ \"wwi^?§2Ro^^ I Ml
found absolutely pure and free from fusel n l ii SwS^ "/ fall
oil and all dangerous ingredients. \\ \ jfi^a. is^rJSi^SpSaSL I H
Ask for the genuine, refuse injurious |fr /A^ff^ • If
substitutes. See that the seal over the W'\Vidwl *emlt0&G38£*¥' Ml
cork is unbroken. THE GENUINE // y
"Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey" is sold by ao^^^^aS 8^-^^ Ar
all reliable druggists and grocers, or dl- v 3&r;£§33p | %>'»^t Jy ti
rect. $1 a bottle. It is the only whlskoy xSyi #T^ s * i *T<X>>^^
recognized by the Government as a medl- ""'M^S?^
cine. This Is a guarantee. ' y*'1-'. *- ' '^^^^SSSS^^"^
FREE— Two of bur Patent Game Counters. They are unique and useful. Send 4
cents to cover postage. If you are sick and run down, write to Medical Depart-
ment DUFFY MALT "WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y., freely. All correspondencs
In strictest confidence. It. will cost nothing to learn how to regain health, strength
and vitality. MedicaJ booklet free.- -" *' : ¦ ¦.,.:- *.. ... * -?•¦;*'¦
ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . ¦ . ' . .f : ? " ?^
s©oe©*«©«©»«oa6«o©®e€'d®©0©*o@©®eo©©»o«««o©e
How I Cure
Weak, Puny Men
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or. worry, ,
from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice 1
for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any |
man of his age. . ¦ 1
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never in- 1
tended by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make bet- J
ter than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength (
I can make as good as he ever was. 1
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws 1
of nature. I can stop all drains upon his vitality, in ten days. , ; |
A man who is nervous, whose brain and b^dy are weak. who_ sleeps ,
badly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis- (
ccuraged. inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambi- 1
tion and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity J
which the Dr. 'McLauehlin Electric Belt supplies. .;• i,
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your ani- (
mal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any man- 1
ncr my Belt will replace it. and will cure you. 1
Mr Karry U. Jackson. Valleton, Cal., writes March 1: "Although you are a .
Granger to me rcy heart warms toward you as a great benefactor and friend, and I '
am* more than grateful to you. Already I can ferl the vigor of new life In my body; '
r.o aches and no pains. I wish you every success in your work." ' (
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. J
Thev are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from ' (
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. •• (
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces i
and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man. <
I make the best electrical body -appliance in the world, having devoted '
twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after every- (
thing else has failed are mv best arguments. j
Mr. John Gately. Lor.g Valley, Cal., writes January 26, 1902: "Tour belt has re- ,
lieved me of rheumatism and stomach trouble to such an extent that I can "now do a
good fiay'6 work in peace. I have gained thirty pounds In weight and am still lm- '
proving."* i
j Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or '
joints, "come-and-go" pains in the shoulders, cheshand side. Sciatica in j
his hip. Lumbago. Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and mv Belt will (
pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out everv sign of <
pain. No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. <
¦ Mr. E. B. Miller of Compton ave.. Los Angeles, Cal., writes on March 7, 1902: *
"I have -used your high grade Belt for two months for lame back, rheumatism and (
weakened nerves, and am now a well man. I have gained over six pounds in weight <
and feel as strong and hearty as I ever did." ,-¦"_'
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or ham- <
let in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. <
-Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what '
you ought to be. can you ask anv better proof to make you try it? Is '
there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to cure, and as '
cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You !
must try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for ,
their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter i
ought not to be delayed. • >>h
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes '
no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no (
stine. no burninc. as in old-stvle belts. (
Send -for my beautiful book, ful! of the things which a man likes to read (
if he wants to be a strong man. 1 send it sealed, free, if you Inclose this ad. <
PATTfDTflM Be w Qr « of medical concerns offering "Electric Belts Free." This '
liAil till offer is only a trlcK to foist a peckage of medicines upon you <
uauilUH. C-O . D Write ta roc for an explanation of the trlc^. <
SPECIAL NOTICE— On May 5th I will remove my offices to 90S Market Street, \
corner Ellis. (
DC M C McLauehlin 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny ;
UK. 1TX. \J. I LUL.a-Ugmill, (Lotta Fountaln) , 6 an Francisco, j
Office hours — 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1. ;¦_. ,
NOTE — YChea you use Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt you are under the care of ,
a physician. Agents or drug ttores are never allowed to sell these eoods.
IWIhi E IN Contemplating j
UU1 mj — '* T Treatment I
You should consider thoroughly the factors of s H
\££*T skill, experience, 'r el iabiMt.y, etc., of a Doctor 1
Ob'Om or Specialist before entrusting to him your H
Vk rrpjr^r & health; the perfect and lasting recovery of I
gj&TO^*C^ which means so much to futtre life and h=»ppi- I
\^^^^^ "ess. You should also consider the quick S
cure illusion and free cure fallacy a> an
intelligent m.»n wuuidvCo.isulrr a- buMness prop >si:ion., -We
guarantee our patien a safe and positive cure for
Stomach, Iiiver or Kidney noubies.l v our hew and orig- ;
u«a. methoj, ihe Celebratecf Proctor Treatment, in as
|;>hbrta tim? as the jiat re and extent of the '''di-i-ase wi;| per-
mit without injury to the patient. Our charges, will be as low as pojsibl;
for conscientious, skillful and successful services. Consult us before con- >
senting to that'cpiration. Offic* hours, 9 su m.-to^o p- mr Jefferson
Sanitarium, 779 Geary St. • Wnere Cancer, Gallstones or. Tumors
are suspectel we make a thorough X-Ray Examination. Piles or Stricture n
removed without the use of. the knife. M
¦ - " _^^_^ ; '_ m _ _J_ ; ; !^___^. ' PJA marked characteristic of the present. time
is the widespread .Interest, that -exists, in edu
cation. This Intere3i Is nof oonflned to teach
er* and those immediately -connected ..with'
the administration of 'the. schools, but It per
meates i society. There has been great ; activity
In the educational world for the past few years.
The subjects of elementary study and of
tion" was discused by Mrs. Arthur C.
Neville of Green* Bay,* Wis. ,¦ ¦•'
This was followed by an industrial ses
sion, with Mrs. ¦ Florence Keiley of New
York as chairman. The chief speaker,
Miss Jane Addams of Hull House, Chicago i
discussed "The Social Waste of Child La
bor,", printed slips being, distributed cov
ering phases of the subject. Miss Addams
made a plea for uniformity of child labor
laws in the States, and suggested. this as
ai>. admirable work for club women to un
dertake. Miss Jean Hamilton of Oswego,
N. Y., presented the "Club Movement
Among Working Women, ""and -Mrs. El
mer B. Jones of Salt Lake City spoke. of
"The Consumers' League in Utah."
The report of the committee-on-educa
tion was presented by Miss Ellen' C. Sa
bin, president of Milwaukee Downer Col
lege. It was in part as follows: • ,-; '..!:
SAN JOSE, May 2.— The marital trou
bles existing between Erwln Frost, one of
the best known men ln the county, and
his wife, Irene Frost, have been amicably
settled, and the divorce suit ls to be dis
missed. A few months ago Mrs. Frost
sued .her husband for divorce on the
ground of cruelty." A similar suit had
Frost Divorce Suit Settled.
PORTERVILLE, \May 3.— Po'/terville
was incorporated to--day as a ci* v of »).«
sixth class by a vcitq of 174 f ar and M
against. ' ana »
Incorporation of PortervilT^
. SAN JOSE, May* 3.— At the annual meet-
Ing of the Santa Clara County Fruit Ex
change held to-day a board of directors
was elected as follows: Phllo Heraey, J.
T. Grant, F. H. Babb, C. F. "Wyman. A. .
A. "Whitmore, C. W. Childs. S. H. Shei *
ley. C. P. Bailey and Noah C. Roger i
The reports showec 1 the exchange to be \n
good financial condition.
Fruit Exchange Names Officers.
guard. Miss Rose Kent, and grand corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. J. R. Wlllem.
The grand board elected Mrs, Rubelof
Marysville chairman. The grand district
deputy for the next two years will be
Mrs. J. H. Moore of Sacramento.
The next council meeting will be held
at Marysville in May, 1904.
been commenced a couple of years ago
and was dismissed.
There are two hard knots that will have
to be untied by the convention Monday
morning when the committee on reorgani
zation reports. The well-known parlia
mentarian, Mrs. Umuhart Lee, who sup
ports the individual club, points out that
any plan providing only for the represen
tation of State federations will be illegal.
"Under the guise of amendment," said
Mrs. Lee. "you cannot rob member* of an.
organization of their vested rights. In
this case, it would not be simple readjust-
HARD KNOTS COMING.
LOS ANGELES. May 3.— After
seven sessions to-day the club
women are prepared for a re
. cess— riot a rest— on Sunday, for
many are going on an excursion
to Mount Lowe, dissenting sisters not
withstanding. There is also to be a gar
den party in honor of visiting press
women, whichi some of tae club women
frown upon, but which promises to be a
large and representative gathering of
writers.
To offset this frivolity, however, several
pulpits will be occupied by delegates,
though less than heretofore has been done
in this direction. At the First Presbyter-
Ian Church Mrs. May Alden. Ward is to
epeak on "Voices of To-day," while at the
First Methodist Church the general theme
of "The Modern Ishmael" will be pre
sented by Mrs. Robert Burdette of Pasa,,
dena, •vice president prospective; Mrs.
Cynthia Westover Alden of New York,
president of the International Sunshine
Society, and Mrs. Florence Keiley of New
York, promoter of Consumers' Leagues.
The political situation remains the same
to-^ay. The effort made by Mrs. Mary
Stlison, a leading California club woman,
to oppose Mrs. Burdette in the race for
office, has fallen flat, for the majority
of California club women think that what
ever office comes to this State, in acknowl
edgement of the biennial, should be filled
by Mrs. Burdette.
An amusing side Issue to the recording
secretary race occurred this afternoon,
when Mrs. Robert Hall Wiles of Chicago,
who figured in the late famous anonymous
letter affair, was asked by Mrs. Fox to
take her place for a while this afternoon.
The Chicago people, who are advancing-
Mrs. John Sherman for the place, most
of whom are antagonists to Mrs. Wiles,
are aroused that this distinction should
have been shown her, even though she is
not running for office.
SACRAMENTO; May : 3.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Relief So
ciety of the Sacramento" diocese * to-day
elected the following officers: Past grand
president," Miss Maggie Mannlx; grand
president, 'Mrs. 'P. J. Flannery; grand so •
nlor .vice president, Mrs. L. : Doyle; grand
junior 'vice president, Mrs. Anna Berg;
grand financial secretary, Mrs. P. • Mc-
Grath; grand recording/secretary, Mrs.
Lucy Berg; '¦. grand treasurer,' Miss Eliza
Wittenbrock; : grand . marshal, Mrs. H;
Miller; grand guard, Mrs. G. Selllnger;
grands board' of directors— Mesdames
Driscoll, Moore, Miller, >Rubel, , Schrlver,
Black,' Klnch, Gorman and , Miss i Kelly.
' The newly installed V grand ' president,
Mrs. Flannery, named for grand assistant
marshal Miss May Qulnn; grand assistant
Sacramento , Completes Impor
tant Work at Session.
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
AT THE GRAND COUNCIL
Catholic Ladies' Belief Society at
The culture of an individual naturally deter
mines the degree of her need - for beautiful
things, and when she feels this need she gene
rally finds the means of supplying it. The
appreciation of | the beauty of keramica ls not
the fancy of the faddist, but the genuine and
permanent feeling of the supersensitlve in the
realm of asthctlcs. '..;¦
J. M. Singleton, a mail carrier, also ln
his hurry rushed into the stream of acid
and fell. His right hand was burned, one
of his trouser legs almost eaten off and
his mail pouch was damaged.
Thompson, Oakland, Cal.; Mrs. R. B.
Farson, St Charles, 111. ,;-. .
Miss Katherine M. Ball, supervisor of
drawing in the San Francisco public
schools and chairman of the department
of education, said in her paper:
Miss Miller was carried into the drug
store and physicians were called to. treat
her. After her sufterlng was relieved to
some . extent she was removed to her
home in the Willows. While her Injuries
are most painful her condition is not con
sidered dangerous. ' .;
.Employes of the store had wheeled a
laige carboy of the acid to the door of
the store from a truck In the street, and
just as the doorway was reached the ves
sel, which was of glass covered with bas
ketwork,- collapsed.
The corrosive liquid poured down the
sidewalk to the gutter in a two-foot
stream. Miss Miller was passing along.
She thought it was a stream of water
swept< out after the scrubbing of a floor
and attempted to tiptoe through it. As
soon as he stepped on the running acid
she slipped and fell, her right cheek
touching into the stream of acid. The acid
ate through her clothes on the right side
in an instant and burned her severely.
The burns on her body are the most se
rious. '.¦"../ ¦ : . '. V »
SAN JOSE, May 3.-Mlss Hattle J. Mil
ler, daughter of a well-known orchardist
residing in the Willows, fell into a stream
of sulphuric acid in front of Calllsch's
drugstore, on South . First street, this
morning and was frightfully burned on
her right side from her head to her foot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Orchardist's Daughter
Meets With Peculiar %
Accident.
FALLS IN F100D
OF BURNING ACID
The other, members of the reciprocity
committee whose names are attached to
the above report are: Miss Alice A. Bur
ditt, Dorchester, Mass.; Mrs. William T.
Coad, Rapid City, S. D.; Mrs. H. E.
Second — Establishment of a General Fed
eration bureau (made up of best . speakers and
papers from States) to promote reciprocity be
tween the States upon all lines of work and
methods.- . . .
We shall hope through this conference to
make some distinct ¦ recommendations to the
national committee, and as one member said
ln her last letter, one who has made "recip
rocity" her watchward, we have two points to
present In the beginning.
First — Improvement of State committees
through comparison of methods. (Exchange of
speakers, as well as papers being particularly
recommended — also better standards in refer
ence to both.)
Some months ago the board of the General
Federation considered the need of a national
reciprocity committee, from which, as a well
known central bureau, could be obtained papers
and lectures upon all possible subjects, without
going through the maze of correspondence now,
a necessity. Questions are constantly asked
the officers, answers to which . are Impossible
without again referring the correspondents to
the different State committees. These com
mittees are known only through their year
books, and each . deals with the special needs
of its own Btate. . /
Probably the most practical feature of
the four afternoon sessions was the reci
procity bureau idea as brought out by
Mrs. Philip Moore, chairman of the reci
procity session. Mrs. ;Moore was ap
pointed by the national, board to head a
committee which should devise some
means of centralizing the various reci
procity committees, and this conference
was for that purpose. A portion of her
report follows:
BUREAU OF RECIPROCITY.
The committee on education consists of
the following ladies: Ellen E. Sabin,
Milwaukee, Wls.; Mrs. May Alden Ward,
Boston, Mass.; Dr. L. L. W. Wilson, Phil
adelphia, Pa.; Miss Lizzie L. Bloomsteln,
Nashville, Tenn., and Miss 'Clara D. Coe,
Deadwood, S. D.
development ln breadth, catholicity of Interest
and of steady growth in power to work ef
fectively. I AVa would merely urge for the . fu
ture persistence and j continuance along - the
lines already, opened. The kindergartens need
and merit our unwearled<eupport. Manual train
ing . and domestic economy require our hearty
encouragement, public sentiment on edu
cational questions needs constant, wholesome
stimulus, wise direction and efficient leader
ship.
te?ching are commanding much attention li
university thought as well as in normal schools
NEED FOB. EDUCATION.
In this general interest the women's club*
are rot only sharers but leaders.. A survey of
tho subjects that have occupied them reveals
that no aspect of education is foreign to their
thought and care. The women. of the Feder
ated Clubs have clearly centered their interests
in the future, and are providing for It ln the
nioct complete and rational manner.
Wherever we see the Federated Club we see
also increased vital interest in education, man
ifesting lUolf ln better public sentiment, im
proved methods, quickened sense of responsi
bility and wider legislation, while it ls always
emfn*ntly practical In form. Each State is
working along selected lines, directed by its
own conditions. We can note but an occasional
one of many suggested Instances when we men
tion ln Illustration the School Improvement
League of Maine. Child Study Classes In Cal
ifornia. Kfforts for Rural Schools In Georgia,
the Support of a College Chair of Domestic
Science In Wisconsin, development -of Vaca
tion Schools ln Massachusetts, the Civic Clubs
of Pupils in Pennsylvania, Legislation In Iowa
and Illinois, and the Country Teachers' and
Patrons' Association of Michigan.
Your committee sees evidence of gratifying
The association of men and women in uni
versities ls Intellectually an inspiration, social
ly a- benefit, morally a restraint. In the ideal,
men and women were intended for mutual serv
ice and the bent way of training; ls together*
The dally knowledge gives truer estimates of
each other — more natural and truer views of
life. " The present form of coeducation is not
ideal, but the principle ls, and every genera
tion of college bred mothers brings the ideal
— universal coeducation — nearer.
Mrs. Larned's paper on "Household
Economics a Pertinent Factor of Educa-
Side social affairs are beginning to be
numerous. To-night Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel Clover gave a large reception. On
Tuesday afternoon the local chapter of
the D. A. R. will receive visiting Daugh
ters, and at the same time the City Chap
ter of the United Daughters of the Con
federacy will keep open house for tho
Southern women. The latter part of next
week Mrs. Mary Stllson will entertain
the officers and general committee at .her
home on Kensington road.
There were a number of interesting ad
dresses and reports at all sessions. Miss
Mabel Clare Craft read a paper on "Ad
vantages of Coeducation," of which this
is an excerpt:
It la wholly to the advantage of the entire
raca and to woman's half of it, that women
should be made free of the best education at
tainable, and reason, generosity and Justice
all urge that women shall be permitted to train
their minds under the same august supervision
which moulds and polUhes those of their fath
ers, husbands, brothers and sons.
The art session, under Mrs. Albert
Brockway of Brooklyn, had as speakers
Mrs. Herman Hall of Chicago, president
of the American Park and Outdoor Art
Association; Mrs. Julia Van Kirk Wilkes
of Chicago, Miss Katherine Ball of San
FVancisco, Mrs. Alonso Chapin of Pasa
dena and Dr. Yamel Kin of San Fran
cisco, an educated Chinese woman, who
is remarkable in many ways.
WOMEN DISCUSS ART.
ment, as some say, and the many clubs
which are members of the General Fed
eration but not of the State would by
the proposed amendment be thrown out. '
This is the point Mrs. Lee will raise
Monday, printed slips having been dis
tributed among the delegates.
Mrs. Mary Lockwood of Washington,
who was appointed at the last biennial to
secure a new charter from Congress, will
report. It was thought that this conven
tion would be able to act under the new
charter which has been secured, but it
has been ascertained that even if the con
vention approves it will be necessary for
the fifty incorporators, or at least a ma
jority of them^ to travel to Washington
from various parts of the country to hold
a meeting and vote the rest of the body
in. Not until this is done will the new
charter be legally accepted.
The literature session is always a star
affair, and the one which took place this
evening under Mrs. May Alden Ward of
Boston was no exception. The- entertain
ers were Mrs. Jessie Eldrldge Southwick
of Boston, the Shakespearean reader;
Mrs. Mabel Loomls Todd of Amhurst,
Mass., a writer and wife of the astron
omer, and John Fox Jr. of Kentucky.
The four sessions in the afternoon were
full of interest. The press session, under
the direction of Mrs. Elia Peattie, had as
speakers Mrs. JSarah Hagan of Atlanta.
Mrs. Mary Holland Kincaid of Milwau
kee, Emma Payne Ersklne of Racine.
Wis., and Margaret Collier Graham of
California. Under Mrs. James D. White
more of Denver the subject of clubhouses
was discussed by Mrs. Joseph Sartori of
Los Angeles, Mrs. J. Sidney Peck of Mil
waukee, Miss Helen Murphy of Philadel
phia, Mrs. Sarah D. Easton of Peoria,
111., and Mrs. Albert Sloussat of Balti
more.
PROMINENT CLUB WOMEN WHO ARE TAKING A CONSPICUOUS
PART IN THE SESSION OF THE FEDERATION WHICH IS BEING
HELD IN THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA METROPOLIS;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY V MAYV 4, 1902.
Members of the Federation in Session in the Southland
Spend a Day in Many Meetings.
EDUCATION AND RECIPROCITY
THE THEMES OF CLUB WOMEN
25
ABVEBTISElCEKTa.
8 CELEBRATED
Fitters
A dose of the Bitters before meals
will aid the stomach in its work of
digestion, also prevent the bowels
frorrl becoming constipated. Taken
regularly will surely cure Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia, -Constipation, and
Kidney and Liver Troubles.
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Any lady . Can do it at Home— Costs
Nothing to Try.
A new taateleii dltoorerr which ran be criren in tea.
soffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all I
temperance worker*, ft doe* its work bo tllentlj and
•urely that while the deroted wife, sister or duuRrhter
look* on, the drunkard !• reclaimed erenagkinsthli will -
and without his knowledge. Send your name and address .
to Or. J. W. Haines,3M» Ulenn BUg., Cincinnati, O., and
be will mall a trial package of Uolden 8peclfle f re* to
Ibow how easily It la to cure immtt ttis with this remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden ' Specific arc*' for
sale in San Francisco, by J. R. Gates & Co.,
417 Sanspme 8t.
GBAPE-HTTTS.
PUZZLED.
Hard Work Sometimes to liaise Chil-
dren.
Children's taste ls ofttlmes more accur-
ate ln selecting the rlg-ht kind of food to
fit the body than that of adults. Nature
'works more accurately through the chil-
dren.
A Brooklyn lady says: "Our little boy
has long been troubled with weak diges-
tion. We could never persuade . him to
tfike more than one taste of any kind of
cereal food. He was a weak little chap
and we were puzzled to know what to
feed him on. One lucky day we tried
Grape-Nuts. Well, you never saw a child
eat with such a relish, and It did me good
to see him. From that day on It seemed
as though we could almost see him grow.
He would eat Grape-Nuts for breakfast
and supper and I think he would have
liked the food for dinner.
"The difference in his appearance Is
something wonderful.
"My husband has never been known to
fancy cereal foods of any kind, but he
became very fond of Grape-Nuts and has
been much improved in health since us-
teg it.
"A friend has two children who were
formerly affected with the rickets. I was
satisfied that the disease was caused by
lack of proper nourishment. They
showed 1L Sol urged her to use Grape-
Nuts as an experiment and the result
was almost magical. They continued the
food and to-day both children are well
and strong as any children in this city,
and, of course, my friend is a firm be-
liever ln the right kind of food, for she
has the evidence before her eyes every
day.
"When I have some task to perform
about the house and don't feel very
strong, a saucer of Grape-Nuts and cream
stimulates me, and I am able to do the
task at hand with ease. . . 7
"We are now a healthy family and
naturally believe in Grape-Nuts." Name
•riven py Postum Co., Battle Creek, Mich.
• ¦¦ '¦; JOE B.OSENBEBO'3. j • JOE BOSENBERG'B. . | J0E> .B0SE3raEBCr'&"; } - JOE ROSENBERG'S.
There are mistakes In some of these prices.^ Beinej too late for corrections we let them so-
Read every article carefully and you will find some less than cost.
Hi J J^^^^/^^^^^ > -/W'~ 1 y^}^%^ " underwear that we bought for lc$s \ 7 athletic purposes; made of m
K53 JeSZr' jf /J&Blo&yzsC* isJ/ \^ /// v' v\* •*¦ -w » •> I,.' 4-v.'«« vJi4 j* * i ... Jx4*v ' the best Italian silk, Swls3 |4
H ' J^^y^J^^^^/Mc^m^ WVHAIlCCr than, half, and our patrons will /TV ribbed, ankle length, finish- 13
Hi - fZZz ./ ¦ /ffi&r-JZZ^ iffly-7M8k X vA\l B I Mi J^ !!¦ get the > benefit .of it. They com- W I « d on to l> with a crochet frj
Hi ¦-'V8a * Wjto2?V<£J^^//4^ i^T&f^v ,<i<fc} V- ¦¦ *^^^*"* tiHibo p nm ,. rrh*™i a ~- «v^<.c VW edge, run through with a Pi
H ; ¦ :: -'ym \m/jy^^Sm^) v pnse - Gowns, Chemise, Skirts, \\ / 9 nk- tape so as to fit snug fcj
IS • £&&: 7=L s 5^^^fesL -'ID //// £/wJ&§*§§SS$&\ \nl BU/K^r €. Drawers, Corset-Covers, Infants' ; J/ / to give you a small waist: 83
I €^mfJ/J^lT^"t5 Slips, etc., ; ]L . 0^f^£ffl& g£ - 1
II Zs^^^^^^mI m/MaBKS£^M^Ss%L ' made of the very best mushns and •* Silk Tights for.... ..S1.-5 K
Ei >T<a5gffig\^ W J WMmMm^^r\ ' ' cambrics and trimmed with fino' ' „ " „ ¦•"'«. '. M
i . "^Wl^%\\1iBfflB^^W embroidery and laces. We will . FO?. SpmerWeiT. H
B J^S^^^^^t>MBfiSSaM^^> fi^^s^ quote you a few prices. 'LADIES' ViESTS. maae of the best ||
El I^W^^^^SSB^^^^^^^^%^^^ L adies> CORSET COVERS, made \ ribbed^ hlph' neSfand^ong'sieevea^of t f*
H ; ¦ M of good cambric ..:.9c and pliable, summer weight. Dimes ffl
Wa >: ¦ J^S^SlffiMlfflBBffl^^^^^^y^j^^i \\lyj' LADIES' GOWNS, made ' of soff saved here at this price...- ,2o<: ffl
Si ¦•'.'¦ - J^mWffiilffCTnn^Bir^^^^^.i 1^^^^ bleached muslin, trimmed with deep PANTS to match, "same Quality as li
18$ -^i^B^-^.tUylll^^^""" 1 '^^^^^ Wj^JrJ*,A^\k lnsertlon • 39c ; above, ankle length. Our price. .UuC Kj
W ' ' ¦^Jl^mKj^^S^^^^ =E^ r ~ ( t&&yyj?^^ Wonders Never Cease at Joe S
m i i^B^^^^^Ml^l fr " z^^^^^ ; '^^^"-'^^lt Rosenberg's. |]
m ¦ilBHHaHnV^^^^^^yr CHILDREN'S DRAWERS, made of mafeon good hea^c^ibrFcYSedlum t|
KS ,:¦:¦¦.. JIOHIIlIEoMMlMHliM^il '^AyZi~Z^v'.." , „ eoft bleache( i muslin .........lOe tucks, made expressly for yoking, chll- EH
m ' BB^mSmKSBBS^^k^W^^^^^ JMiT /J0 INFANTS' SLIPS, trimmed with dren's dresses or shirt waists. One- |j
Kg ¦ MBBBBamlMII/mKBetKBaKVA W^-.-- \^ Jy/IW /Jr deep Insertion 19c quarter less than you have ever bought M
m ' JSa&tififiBRMWRifiMmm yA^ T?r. .Lr.Jr ¦ - P- S.-Mlnd you, we have only one of u for 40c a yard |
UM '¦¦'¦ ••¦••" ¦ '^^^BimlMMS^aallHmMma^^^m. -r* // M /// a kind, so be the early bird and have , r. ,, t. „,. , . _ . f\
m ¦ sJMSBBBKBfflB^W^ S J?/Jr $% first pi^, k -.P ey ?, re^p e / fect » n , fit - A Swell Dress Siirt for Country U
1 •^^HSi^^mlvm^Z " UJl Wear at Yer y Llt^ price. I
tLdmk A l^C SalC at °" Farrell - st - Entrance. LADIES' LINEN SKIRTS, best U
'¦K-. iHH^F W^l KAUtcomeEere in Justice to Yourselves SrW^.^S?WSS»5:
:HHk" :^IB^^- C^ AT and Inspect Our Underwear. Ku^AS^ f?:~S:.SSS
EWk^Sm^^Ql '¦ £~* A. jf\ LADIES' VESTS, made t a u.-.j^.j ti»a«» n««; n T,r, r.«- nnn P
lOTc^w^k w-* *~ «r» m w »-«t 4 ~ t££h ° f the best American silk. Just KeceiYed I* rom Pans dy Express,
k^^^», m ROSENBERG O M wSS Some New Beautiflers.
ip 5^!^^^ Sikh noLi^ish^^ft^S m> .rnada
li ft A IB S\ 1 I— *\f & A-« n V< T ** / /X&*ffl\ wkhlsll ?u£e- color? l^^^ chiffon, fancy bordered
fe^l * ¦* t A.S IC TO SEE3 THE £T\ ER.1aA.ST- t*l
. quality Vega ?Uk, high neck and long "NEVER UNDERSOLD FOR QUAL- §?§
ffl New Model Etect Form Corset. Have a Look at Our Children's ¦. & e le runSS tSroSwTth^ siik ro tap e e' ITY OR PRICE --- i»c a veu ||
j£k The ¦ very latest creation, '.'.-.¦ Wftciprv • More than an even exchange for your . _, " _ |# m*.- » i i rl
m rf» THE ERECT FORM COR- • ¦ IWblWjf. money. Our price Sl.OO SUlDIIier GIOTCS at Hall 11161? Actual H
Kb x-' SET.' It Is made of best qua.- They are made differ- . • w l $1
Raj />\ ity Italian cloth, Is rather 5-l...« ent from' others. They Tnct RprAlVPrl InntllPF Trtt rtf flllf YaiUo. rl
M [H^if^ lon S and extra pieces at the IS If --'Hill are everlasting to wear JubL HtJtBlVCU, flllUlllBl LUl Ul UUT aualltv £1
Jm L*i#N\ sIde f c , over and flt the hips ' IllFl Jffil and P erfect ln fit - . Rpatfv <ipllin^ Kimnna^ lislehlihlv stitched back H
Kgl Niga Jj producing a perfectly smooth M\lVyi W Here ls one: Jt is SZ* ilcaU) oeilUlg RllllOlldb* . ?'' e \^" y X™ S S FI
fa imSb: effect. . Just now very tight 7*3" made of the very finest f5& Thnse we solfl in a few »nfl?^ P T^Lllk P S U id e Kid Globes M
g :B^nj 'skirts are proper. Women kSK of Imported yarn, Swisa J&. h J±° S f as Y JLf*^Thev a^ h^^f/ J?£ Vp«lr Nifw ielllnB tor B
m >4 f who dress with the mode W* ribbed, fast colors, doub'e (§£(&. n< ? hSft nii«m5^ fli but will wear better. Now selling for m
W£ /\ .4 must wear this model; they " T : heels, toes and knees; »3& ffi "l^, Q^.fti, L n ,j "" oC f|
M f \ *' are bias cut, hand pored; medium weight, soft as velvet. 'One . «'«* flannelette, w lth b road ., .... M
M they are equal to any French pair will convince you that there ipnot R?8B? ?- r ?«l P t*n' kim^na OlllY Si.OO. H
m corset, if not better. Introductory a better stocking made for twlcrthls 4^T^. : *?lit ' Pa .'.„?;» a^tht M
M price :................ $2.OO Price ;. ...12%C V 'l^ sl<^ eves - A surprise at^the BEST "WEARING GLOVE on the |l
CORSETS' FITTED FREE * price <oC market. For driving, bicycling and JB
1 v V ; -/«i I We Have Just Opened Another Case Another Grand RibDon Special. Se'ffie O f e ver^ 3 " qu^y-RulsiK l|
H lUmmer fteCKWear at PriCeS NOt tO Of Thn«;P T.adlP<;' TTn^P ' Best quality ALL, SILK GRASS leather, one clasp. Dent stitched back, Ll
H «» 'AW-«V«J JidUlBb nUbB LINEN RIBBON, with newest silk Dent thumb, ' saddle sewn. By saddle f.j
O 15e UYer.OOKefl. That 1 we sold out of in less than six Roman stripe effect, width 80; colors, sewn we mean they are sewed with a ||
H-.'..,.,., otttt T-.TiT7.xr.ci „.,„„„ hours. They ¦ are made of the very ; pink, blue and navy. Best money- thread that stands a breaking test ot g|>
H t A^fQTT»Tvr?^P?i B ? S h WHI ,P best fas t black; English thread, in the saving opportunity. Only.. 25c twenty.pounds: ordinarily threads used H
Eg LAWN STRING TIES, six Inches wide, , e w lace effppt kpslens and rtrnn stftph test eight pounds. Color3, red. tan and I'J
m 1^4 yards long, neatly Hemstitched, neat^ We cann^ot guarantee how lone the ' At 50 flPTlt^ ' brown. Now is your chance. Only If
m cool and dressy. Ar .opportunity lost if ' Q^nm^wlll Stfo" advice iSVbl NTrw Mniir STRAIT TOOVT ' - -" ..--Sl-OO H
m you overlook tliese at this price.l2%c on time at this price 25c corsetJ "^F^ery^Ert pSSch^SSJ Glovcs cleaned by a dry P»2 ces3 • H
I Best Lace Values. ; ¦leYer'HseitoMHaYeYou^^^^
B 500 pieces of • VALENCIENNES 8' SDlMdid-'ODDOTtnnltv' tO -^ H
tR LACES, made in the newest patterns. a OJIICIIUIU uppwlUUUJf IU -DUJf . pensive corsets. Best of its klnd^ for r - , Qur pr , ces and ¦
IB good strong edge, half-inch wide: 12 Patent LfiltheP BeltS aSlKflW Pink hiuV And 'white""" ' oUC '•_ - ' _ quality make us so. I|
la ?ards to the piece... -..: .15c piece raipui uoaiuw uoua Q0' J1UH. . Pink, blue and wh Ite. _ r~ \ uo Cloth Brushes. M
Ks 'Made of very best quality patent SALE O FARHBLL-ST. ENTRAACb. yV J t.,.»,iii..t-».t made ¦ of good stiff ¦!
W® i..(i,. n 0A n ?_.f. n j K t t/i, . leather, double faced, heavy, strong' ini,.-. v«« ft«* n n«»J n.ini.™ ¦ bristles, extra heavy ml
|| AnOtiier — 30C InStead Of OUC. well japanned buckles. Now. 10c When YOU Get a GOOd SClSSOrS » curved back handles. ||
W 60 pieces of VALENCIENNES LACE, Dflof m Mci i f Va _ n on 7° cut wIth il ls a Wesslng-a poor one Our P r i c « are our attractions 25c |
K| made in the newest hand-made de- * Dcdl 1DIS ll I0U von.' is a curse. • _ ¦ *¦ v T ?i.«'t»- i ,j ?« fn An UV n *A H
m signs. Looks like the real, but win „. „,¦„,.. AT T ¦.' ¦ ¦£ J^.f l ii o^,? n rt e « o L t S 9 i,!S2L te !!i" Economy Is ill RoaQ to Wealtn, and |
In- wear better One inch wide* a niece of~ -Best Quality-.. ALii . BlLiK T.AS FETA-. pered. steel, six Inches Ipng. highly pol- „,-,¦., rm •.»»•/» tv -n HI
m 5 y«ds ¦ • %bc a. piece RIBBON, new satin sheer finish, soft Jshed, sharp and easy to cut with. That IS What YOU Can DO HeTB ll
m "y aras ----v- .........JOC apiece and . wasnable . wldth 40. Sold else- : new shaped handles. Joe Rosenbergs T T;L a . ? .|
El T 1 ,.»'D«»«{ti/iJ where for 20c. Our price.... 12V-C price .......4Oe LADIES PETTICOATS, made of ¦!
H- ••;•¦¦¦ .•-•rrjQSt<-K6C6lY6(l.- -- - - - ¦• " • r"- - ~ * ................ .....<*\jy fast black twilled Italian cloth, finish- R
iM ««« "¦;;»*.,;»*. . T^.^^« B/flBi»». S% *% #* V B 1 f* ¦» P4 0S Q 1 (Z TVT A Dtn?T OTDPfT e & with an eight-Inch wide accordeon Bj
§g§ 300 pieces of VENISE LACE INSER- lillW_ ilalV'L.alDCOii olD 1Y1 A K K L 1 blnJbbl. pleated flounce, full width, and all ggl
&X TION. made in all the newest medal- 1 1 g P» K B B A f" I\S n T" K In _ . ., . . ;;•_._ ,, lengths. We are manufacturers. No H
H lion effects, 2U inches wide. Arabian || j. • HUU Ll« U LIIU Running through to 11 0'Farrall. middleman's profit h«re. That ls the B
D| : color. Mqre than even exchange for ' M fl <i n»,i aM c n |i»if fl i Y ' ' pnPTAH nniTmnr reason that we can sell this p.50 skirt H
¦¦.your money.. ...40c a yard Wall OraePS bOllCltei. > rlihLAN BUILDING. for ..81. OO 9
"AT SLOANE'S"
ANNUAL CLEARANCE SALE
FURNITURE—
We are offerinsr to close during this sale many pieces^from the most' <ii
famous factories, including Parlor, Dining-room, Library^ Hall Furni- <*
ture, etc., at reductions of * Jj
25 TO 50 PER CENT. I
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT— j
I Lace Curtains— Exceptional Valves. • J
J ; /A few examples: > ! '•
;; Battenberg Lace, formerly $20.00, now #15.00 per pair. !
j|; . Battenberg Lace, formerly $14.00, now per pair.* - . .'<', -
;|; " Irish Point, formerly $11.00, now 98.CO per pair. !i
X Irish Point, formerly $7.75. now 9«.OO per pair. \
y Muslin, formerly $4.25, now 93.OO per pair. 2<',
v Muslin, formerly $3.50, now 92.5O per pair. 1 • <'<',
CARPETS— - * I
I IMMENSE VARIETY of patterns in HIGHEST GRADES. " : "¦ |
|| BODY BRUSSELS— |
!; Formerly $1.25 and $1.50 per yard. '4'
i Reduced to $1.1UJ4 and $1.25 per yard. , . ;|
HIGH PILE AXMINSTERS—
<; Latest styles and colorings. '*
j; Reduced to $1.00 per yard.' vV ; ''
BEST TAPESTRY BRUSSELS—
Reduced • to 75c per yard.
i|: ' Sewed, Lined ami Laid. * II
If RUGS— 1
j We are showing a large selection of rare pieces at reductions varying \ i
4 from 25 to 40 per cent. . • > :
I' ' We invite inspection of stock and comparison of prices.'" ir : -¦-
I Carpets, Fyrniturc, Upholstery.
I 114-122 POST STREET.
L Rubber i
J Trees I
I Grow J
I "Dollars M
a A small investment 'of 10c a g
§ . day will result ln a life in- 1
I ' come of from l?00.00 to $400.00 . l|
Q a year, and a very small In
D monthly payment will result /iH
I in an income of $100.00 per JJa
I month. The investment is Va
g absolutely protected against mM
H Iosb. We t have a co-opera- faSa
¦ tive plan I for growing and Ha
H producing »-'¦• crude" '-'rubber W^
¦ ¦' which is fully described in W^ \
¦ an' interesting -booklet. It /ly
¦ tells all about the process of A Y^
¦ gathering sap and convert- jk
EB ing'it Into crude .rubber. 'as >J'l
H will': be practiced ' on -our vNV
¦ plantation. »- It Is most r cap-
ES tlvatlng' reading, u nil lit ' a u- yj\l
¦ thentic. Mailed f ree .' to t any '
•¦•"S H (conservative i rubber \N
¦ CO. >flYv\\J
§9 323 Parrott Bldg., /V?J §\\j
jSm San Francisco. Cal. /H£Vgf /] J ]JTO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
— *— — — — — i - ¦ _______ ___________
May 4.
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma . . 10 am|Pler 2
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 11 amIPier 1U
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
S. Rcca.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Phoenix..-.. Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 1H
Australia.. Tahiti direct ...... 10 am Pier 7
Blay C.
Tair.pleo... Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier 17
Arctic • Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
JDerpatch.. Puget Sound Ports. 6 pm Pier 18
S. Monica. . Humboldt ¦* pm Pier 2
May 6.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 7.
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports. ... 5 pm Pier 2
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Wtstport.. Bear Harbor "5 pm Pier , 2
Pomona. .. . Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Arcata..... Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. ...... Pier 2
Curacao... Mexican - Ports 10 am Pier 11
llandalay.. Coqullle River .'. . . 10 am Pier 2
May 8.
Bessie K... Golofnln Bay-Teller.. Pier 16
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
San Jose... Panama tc Way... 12 mjPMSS
May 9.
Nip. Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS"
Neko Hamburg & Way Pier —
May 1O.
Rival...... Willapa Harbor ..; 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Bonlta... .. Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 16
May 11.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 12.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
May 13. ,
Columbia.. Astoria &- Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Guatemala. Valparaiso &' Way. 12 m Pier 10
Lakme Astoria & Portland Pier —
Steamer , 1- »i r '. ¦" For. -' :.' - Sails.
Humboli.^;. . jskagway &' Way Ports. May •*
City Topekr ' Skagway & Way Ports. May R
Chico Sunrise* "Hope" City. May 5
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. May 6
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. May 9
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. MaylO
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Ki.' Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Ear.ta Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
FROM SEATTLE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent,
i NOTE: — The high and low ¦ waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Sun," Moon, and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
St[NDAY. MAY 4.
Steamer. From. Due.
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma May <t
Pbocnlx San Pedro May 4
Mandalay Coqullle. River May 4
BanMateo... Nanalmo May 4
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Ports. May 0
G. XV. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. May 6
Leelanaw .... New York via Panama. May 5
Pomona. :.-... Humboldt May 5
CrcectntCity Crescent City May 5
Decpatch .... San Pedro ' ". . . . May 5
S.Monica Santa Barbara May 5
Corona Southern Coast May 6
Edith Seattle . : .May C
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. May 6
S.Barbara... Seattle May 6
Alamrda Honolulu .¦ May 0
Argo Eel River Ports........ May 6
Albion P.lver. Hadlock ;...... May 7
Coronado San Pedro May 7
R. Dollar Redondo May 7
Kuicka Humboldt May 7
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports ....May 7
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May 7
Tltanla Nanalmo May 8
Pleiades . . . . . Oyster Harbor. ...;.... May 8
Rival Willapa Harbor ........ May 8
Point Arena.. Point Arena May 8
Santa Rosa. . San Diego- & Way Ports May 8
Algca Manila via Moji ...i.. May 8
Hyados.. Honolulu- .7T. May. 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports.. May 9
Newburg..:.. Grays Harbor May 9
North Kork..' Humboldt ....;. :;...... May 9
Guatemala. . . Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria IMay 10
Per" China & Japan .... |May 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria' ... .IMay 10
Coo« Bay . San Pedro & Way Ports. [May 11
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma ...... jMay 11
Ventura. .Sydney & Way Ports. ..|May 12
Queen.. Puget Sound Ports. :. ..JMay 12
The second officer of the British ship _Ta!us
is Daniel J. CKConnell, and a great grandson,
he claims, of Daniel O'Connell, "the friend of
his country." Daniel Jr. says:
"I was born In India, where my father was
Has Famous Ancestor.
The boat's painter was cut end a rowing ex
hibition such as is rarely seen outside of a
Fourth of July regatta followed. The ma
i ooned runner was dropped into a shore boat
a couale of hours later.
competition.. between boarding-houses resulted
ln an attempt on Friday night to capture the
crcvr'of tlse British tramp steamship Caithness.
A boat manned by experienced runners dropped
alojipside the steamer, one of them climbed
aboard and had almost persuaded the sailors
to accompany him. when the mate- dlscovereii
v.-bct w«i KOln«r on. The officer provided -hi m
«-.lf with a very large pistol. He leaned over
the steamer's side, pointed the weapon toward
tho crimping craft, and said: *
The scarcity of sailors and the increase in
Jftate Saves Crew.
Tbe British tramp steamship Caithness,
which arrived here Thursday from Calcutta,
lias been chartered to carry lumber from Pu
5»t Sound to Buenos Ayres at 45s; The Caith
ness If in better luck than the Kirkdale, which
arrived here January 27. also from Calcutta,
and has been idle ever since.
Charter for Caithness.
Reinsurance Changes.
The reinsurance rate on the British ship
Twecdsdale was yesterday advanced to 15 per
cent. Th«s rate on the American bark Yosem
lte was raised to 35 per cent.
Visitors to "Wisconsin.
' Visitors will be allowed on board the Wis
consin this afternoon. Launches will be run
from Mission and Folsom streets. 5
% Sails for Tahiti To-Day.
The steamship • Australia sails . this morning
for Tahiti with the French mails, passengers
and a large cargo^
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping- Merchants..
The ship Jabez Howes will load coal at Co
mox for Dutch Harbor.
A" "Wb.eat*Clearance.
The British bark Inveresk was cleared on
Friday for Queenstown for orders, with 13,507
ctls wheat, valued at $15,530, and 88,421 ctls
barley, valued at $36,500. The vessel carried
19,000 feet lumber as dunnage, valued. at $318.
Movements of Steamers.
a civil engineer, but every drop of blood my
heart pumps is pure Irish and I'm proud of it."
Young O'ConnelKhas followed the sea for six
years. He Is 23 years of age, has a clean, well
bred look and Is said to be a smart officer. He
is modest and very popular aboard the Talus.
Ho .has made two previous visits to this port
and had a number of friends in San Francisco.
The Talus, by the way. is the cleanest looking
chip that has been ln this port for many a day.
ohe is a new vessel and Captain Fisher keeps
her spick and span as a" yacht.
BRITISH SHIP. LONG OVER
DUE, WHICH ARRIVED IN
PORT YESTERDAY.
The American-Hawaiian steamship Nevadan,
*hlrh left New Tork for thl3 port last Mon
lay, will be converted into an oil burner upon
i«?r arrival here. Preparations for the change
ire already ln progress at the Union Iron
SVorks. The Alaskan, which left here about
;wo weeks ago, .will also be converted upon her
•eturn. ".-,> -;.. ,V
¦Will Burn OU.
WITH the arrival yesterday of
the British ship Corunna, one
more of the overdue fleet has
confirmed the judgment of
those speculators who take
the optimistrc view and risk their money
on the chance of safety. The Corunna
was on the overdue list at 15 per cent, but
reinsurance speculation on her had ceased
before she arrived, as several days ago
a vessel arrived that reported her ail
right and on the way.
The Corunna left Newcastle, Australia,
February 3, with a- large cargo of coal
and ccke. Of coal she .has in her hold
3103 tons, of coke 669 tons. Four' days
after leaving Newcastle she encountered
a heavy westerly gale, accompanied by a
high, confused sea. At the height of the
gale the vessel was thrown on her beam
ends. Her. cargo shifted to port and for
several hours things lookeu pretty bad for
speculators that played her to arrive..
The storm abated, howeVer, cargo was |
trimmed and the rest of the voyage was :
devoid of incident, light winds prevailing \
almost to this port. William Kelly, a sea
man, 38 years of age and a native of the
United States, died on April 8 of palsy
and was burled at sea. The Corunna
sighted the French bark Moliere, bound v
from here to Cork, on March 26, in lati
tude 13.08 south, longitude 126.19 west.
When the Corunna dropped her anchor
she was boarded by the usual army of
runners. The runners, with services and
goods to sell, gave Captain McNeil the
customary glad grasp and warm welcome.
The other runners, those dealing /In sail
ors, were unusually warm in their wel
come. They piled aboard the vessel and
so glad were they to welcome the jackies
to oo it, so eager to make their visit to
San* Francisco pleasant, - that- they- fol
lowed the crew aloft, shook the hand "not
busy furling: canvas and pressed to the
lips of the still toiling mariners flasks
loaded with potent red liquor. Captain
McNeill discovered the welcome cere
mony going on aloft, shook himself clear
of the men with things to sell and ordered
all hands on deck. He ordered the wel
come committee over the side and the sail
ors, each one of which represents to the
runner a good round piece of blood money,
were sent aloft again, alone. Sailors are
still very scarce on the beach, but the
runners usually allow them to furl sails
before attempting to entice them ashore.
, , SAN JOSE.V; May .7 3.— Henry Harvey, 9
years old, 1 : was fatally Injured • this'after
noon, by being kicked ; on | the ¦ head by a
horse. A few \weeks '. ago the : boy . lost a
flnger. by ..I the . explosion * of a 'dynamite
cartridge ¦ which » he had ¦ picked r from - the
g>tter.ifiteB8aMMMBaSiwlBgM
TJnlucky ¦ Boy Fatally Injured.
March 26/: lat 13 J S, Ion ¦ 128 19 -W— Fr bark
Mollere,' hence i Feb i 28, . for " Queenstown;< ...
¦ Per 3 schr.; Arapo, j at South ; Bend, May . ; 8-'
- April '23,. lat 27 12 N.- Ion 135 65 .W,. schr O'J
' . .' ; ¦ . • .-¦-:¦;. .' Saturday, May 3.
Stmr Columbia, Doran,^ Astoria.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, . Eureka.
Stmr, San', Pedro, ¦ Jahnsen, , Eureka.
Stmr; Point Arena, : Hansen, Mendoclno. V
Stmr.Gualala, Weber, Bowena Landing, i
UvS etmr Thetis, Healy, • Seattle.
Bark : Olympic,"' Evans, .- Honolulu. *
Fr bark Relne Blanche, Loreau; Queenstown.
Bktn W. H Dimond, -Hanson,". Honolulu. ".-¦
Schr Guide,' Olsen, Coca Bay. ¦',.:
Schr Ida' A,, Campbell,* Point Reyes." •
Schr.Llllebonne, Jensen, Bristol Bay.'*
Schr ; Eva, - Bjornstrom, Bristol : Bay. *:'/;':
'¦ -:-.:¦ 8POKEN. .'.*..¦ /
SAILED.
•{,' Saturday, May 3.
Stmr: Rainier. • Hansen, . Seattle; Pollard
SS-Co.. - ' . .-¦-. -f
'Stmr Australia, Lawless, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & " Brcs Co. .-.
- Stmr Kodlak, Gronberg, Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co. >' ¦ v
Br, stmr Ventnor, Ferry, Portland; WilliamJ,
Dimond &'Co. ¦ r . .. .
" : Saturday, May 3. I
Stmr Del Norte, Green,' . 57 hours from Sa*i
Pedro. ¦ . -¦.¦¦¦¦ ¦•
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, 0 days from Port
land, via Eureka Stt ¦ hours.
Stmr National City,. Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Brasg.
Stmr South Coast, Jamieson, 14 hours .from
Albion. - • ¦¦•;-., , >
, Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, 05 hours from San
Pedro. -
Stmr Empire, 55 hours, from Coos Bay. •
Stmr Mackinaw. S"torrs. 85 hours from Ta
corna. • ¦ ¦ • . ¦ ¦ ' • i
¦ Ger stmr Neko, Krause, 3 days from Port
Hadlock; put" in to finish loading..- • •
. Br stmr Victoria, Casey, 4% days from
Comox. : • .: .-. ¦ / .
Br ship Corunna, McNeil, 87 days from New
castle, NSW. . .
Bark Gatherer, : Younggren, 9 days from
Lndysmith. . ;• • " ¦ ., • .
Schr : Eureka, ¦ Schou, 3 days frpm Eureka."
Schr John, A, Nllson, 8 days from Astoria.
Schr Julia E Whalen, Robertson, •- 51 days
from ¦ Pago Pago. I
CLEARED. *
Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8.' N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San • Francisco, Cal..
May 3, 1002. :
The Time Ball on' the tower of ..the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.. ¦' : - J
".. W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., ln charge.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In th« left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence ° as to time; th»
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, ai
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
It. isn't necessary for a man to be a
hypnotist in order to get his mind con
centrated on the toothache.
PORT TOTVNSEND. May 3.— The
schooner Mayhuka, from Zamboanga.
Philippine Islands, for Puget Sound. Ions
overdue, arrived off Cape Flattery to-day.
The Mayhuka sailed from Zamboanga
November 4.
Iiong Overdue Schooner Arrives.
Sun rises • . 5 :10
Sun sets "...'...... 7:03
Moon rises .2:48 a. m.
C Time Time Time Time ¦'
£. Ft." Kt. Ft. Ft.
• ¦ LW HW LW H W
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 Jk24 6.1
4 2:35 1.4 8:56 4.4 2:28 1.8 8:08 6.3
5 3:18 0.8 0:58 4.6 3:13 1.0 0:30 0 5
6 4:00 0.110:54 4.7 3:58 2.1 10:10 6.7
7 4:48—0.4 11:49 4.8 4:42 2.4110:50 5.8
8 5:3fi— 0.7 12:44 4.8 5:28 -2.(111:30 6.8
0 C :25 —0.8 T:38 4.8 6:171 2.8|. .........
H W • ¦ L. W • H W| |L W
10 0:20 5.717:18—0.8 2:34! 4.817:12 2.9
11 | 1:01 5.5| 8:12—0.6 3:30 4.8| 8:19 3.0
MADRID, May 3.— Advices from the
Portuguese frontier Indicate that the sit
uation in Portugal is becoming extremely
grave in consequence of the excitement
caused by the bill passed D" the Cham
ber of Deputies approving the calling of
a convention of Portugal's creditors for
the purpose of converting the foreign
debt. Members of the Portuguese army
and navy are joining the popular pro
tests. All telegrams from Portugal are
censored.
Situation Grave in Portugal.
¦There are now fifty of them, requiring
the constant gathering of scales from tho
department grounds for food. "While not
expecting the scales to be exterminated
from this country, experts are planning
to attack them with the Increasing breed
of their natural enemies.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The Depart
ment of Agriculture is preparing to fight
the ravages of the San Jose * scalQ
throughout the country with Its natural
enemy, the ladybug, brought from the
Interior of China. Assistant Botanist
Starlatt has just returned irom the Ori
ent, where he sought the original home of
the dreaded scale. Far in the Interior of
the latter country, wher« European plants
had not penetrated, he found the scales
and also the ladybugs, which kept the
scales in subjugation and permitted the
native plants to flourish. Marlatt started
home with a good supply of these lady
bugs,' but only sixteen survived on ar
rival in this country, and fourteen of
these subsequently died. The two re
maining, however, were nursed carefully
by the Government with a view to fight
ing the scale ln the same manner as in
China.
PK-EPARlirGr TO FIGHT
:V/''THE SAN JOSE SCALE
SAN DIEGO-^ Arrived May 3— etmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka. ¦ ' ¦
SOUTH BEND — Arrived May 3 — Bktn Ara
go,. from Caleta Buena. ;
i Sailed May 3— rBktn Omega, for Sydney.
POINT REYES— Passed May 3, 6:15 a m—
Br stmr Wyefleld, from Nanalmo, for San
Diego. .
Passed April 3, 6:15 p m — Stmr Ruth, from
Eureka, for San Pedro; stmr Redwood City,
from Bowens Landing, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGO — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Co
quille River, hence May 2.
PORT HADL.OCK — Sailed May 3^ — Stmr Al
bion River, for San Francisco. , '
SIUSLAW— Arrived April 27— Schr Bender
Brothers, hence April 17. May 1 — Stmr Acme,
hence ADrll 27; schr C A Klose, hence April
27, ln tow stmr Acme; schr Sacramento, hence
Arril 10. > _,
TACOMA — Sailed May 2 — Schr Salvator, for
San Pedro. May- 3 — Br ship Whitlieburn, for
Queenstown.
Arrived ¦ May 3 — Stmr Olympia, from ' Hong
kong; schr Philippine, from San Diego.
Arrived May 3 — Schr Alvena, from San
Pedro.
Sailed May 3 — Schr Luzon, for San Pedro.
NEAH BAT — Passed out May 3 — Bktn Ruth,*
for Bristol Bay; schr Columbia, for Honolulu;
schr H D Bendixsen, for San Francisco; bark
Vidette, for San Pedro; stmr Queen, hence
May 1, for Victoria; Ger bark Antigone, from
Santa Rosalia. . -
SAN PEDRO — Arrived April 3 — Stmr Co
rona, hence April 30. ¦ !
Sailed ADrll 3 — Stmrs Phoenix and Bruns
wick, for San Francisco; stmr Corona, for San
Francisco; schr Ida McKay, for Eureka: schr
Challenger, for Port Townsend;
ASTORIA— Sailed May 3— Stmr' George W
Elder, for San Frn ncisco.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Bruns
\wlck, from San Pedro. '
\ Sailed May 3 — Schr Lottie Carson, for Eu-
PORT IX>S ANGELES— Sailed April 3 — Br
stmr Grafton. for Esquimau.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 3— Stmr Arcata,
hence >?rll 30.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived May 3 — Bktn
Willie : R * Hume, hence April 24, for New
Whatcom.
Passed Inward May " 3— Barge Richard III
and : Ruth E Godfrey, from San Pedro: schr
King Cyrus, from Honolulu. '
Passed outward May 3 — Schr C S Holmes,
for Suva.
Arrived Arril ¦ 3— Schr Compeer, from Ka
hului;-sehr Fannie Dutard. hence April 19,
for Port Blakeley; schr Mahukona, from Zam
bonnca. ¦ • ¦
CRESCENT CITY— Arrived May. 2— Stmr
Mandalay, from. Bandon, Or. . May 3 — Stmr
WestpTt. from Westport.
SEATTLE — Arrived May ; 3— Schr Nokomls,
from Honolulu.
. ' : BALLARD — Arrived May 2— Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, from San Pedro. • . ¦ :
Arrived May ¦ 3 — Schr Corona, from San
Pedro. ;
Sailed April : 3— Schr Albert Meyer, for San
Pedro. ' -;
GRAYS HAREOR— Arrived . May 2 — Bktn
Benicia. SS davs from Cnllao;- stmr Newburs,
henoe. Aorll ,29; schr- Jennie Thelln, hence
'Sailed'' May ,3— Schr C, A Thayer, for San
Pedro. — '
EASTERN. PORT.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared May 2— Stmr
Shawmut, for San Francisco.
. FOREIGN PORTS.
NOUMEA— Sailed May 3— Schr Robert R
Hind, for Newcastle, Aus, to load for San
Francisco. - vnnn^BpAmvjtamimiteft Ji '•,
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 1— Fr bark Gene
vleve Mollnos, for London. . - -. ¦ • - .
Arrived May 2 — Br ship Carnedd Llewelyn,
hence Jan r 1:
CUXHAVEN — Arrived May 2— Br ship
Crown of India, from Oregon. . , - --» •
• LONDON — A rrlved May - 2— J3er . bark ¦ G H
Wappaus. . from • Oregon. •¦:• May - 3 — Ger ship
Willy Rlckmers, hence Jan. 4. ".--
PORT/ SAID — Arrived May 2 — Br stmrtln
veric. from ¦ Norfolk, Va. - f or Manila! ¦ ¦ ;
ANJEF — Passed- prior v to ¦• May 2 — Br ship
Forrsst > H«ll. from New i York, " for ¦ Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived ' May 3— Jan stmr
Hongkong Maru, -hence April ;15. . » • • • ¦
Sailed Mav 1— Br ptmr Hj-spn. for Seattle.
. NAN AIMO— Arrived May 2— Nor stmr Tlta
nla.. hence April, 2S. . ¦¦¦ - ¦" -
. NEWCASTLE. . . NSW — Sailed May 2 — Br
stmr Puritan.' for;Manila. • . ¦
. HONGKONG— Arrived prior to ¦' May - 3— Br
Btmr Moyiine. from , Llveroool." -April : 30 — Br
stmr Ching Wo. from Tacoma. ¦.¦'-'
- HULL — Railed May . 2 — Br ship 1 Godlva, for
San :Frarc!sco. ¦.-•.' ¦ .-
GIBRALTAR— Paseed May 3— Ger ¦tmrTot
mes, from H»»mhnrar. for. San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC. v
POINT LOBOS, May 3, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
Olsen, from Callao, for Port Townssnd.
April 28," bark Coalinga, hence April 10, for
Bristol Bay. .
THE SAN- .'. FRiAJ^GISCO 'CA-XiLj. ¦ STJNDjA-Y,': ~ ;i . "MAYy. 4,* ,1vO2i"
HOWLING GALE AND HIGH 5EA
THROW CORUNNA ON BEAM ENDS
26
An additional ' cbaree of 2O
centa to pay expressase - Trill
be required front out of to-rrn
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load af Cook Books
Just arrived fromChicaeoand
are ready for distribution; at
tlie business) office of ' thin
paper.' All . Call anbscrlberH
are entitled to a copy of thl.n
great Cook llook: at the prem-
inm price of fifty cents.
TWEHT1ETH CEHTURY COOKBOOKS
AUCTION!
VON RflEIN R. E. CO.
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
THuresDPi'v. mpi^v 15th
12 O'CLOCK M. SHARP.
Cor. Geary and Laguna — 7 Superb
Lots, All Sunny.
137:6
g
— ¦ ¦ — — . __ w_
-n; ¦ S 2
-T r ~ ~>
m
' . ¦ ¦ ' «4
S s
27:0 27:0 27:6 27:6 27:6
GEARY STREET. ~~
PACIFIC AVE.— HOME OF JUDGE W C
VAN FLEET. '
* 27^ 2721 Pactfl «=. W of Scott; 12 room*.
3 baths; hardwood floors: furnace, range, bil-
liard room, reception hall, etc -
CALIFORXIA-STREET RESIDENCE
27 :6xl32:»V-20U. California, sunny side, west
of Broderlck; 0 rooms, bath, laundry etc •
good yard. •
COR._ JONES AND. FILBERT— RENTS $83.
41x.0—NE. cor. Jones. and Filbert; 4 flats;
M6 FUbert W: mortsogo can remain: 09O-
LEAVENWORTH. NR. ELLIS— Rents S37 50.
22x86 :B-310 and 312 Leavenworth? For ab-
soiute certainty of advance ln value no location
FLATS— RENTS $30.
_25xlO(>-C932 and 2034 21st st.rN. line, east
of Treat ave.; each Hat 5 rooms and bath.
inn ?™ W * .£?" 17th and CHURCH.
100x100 with store and residence improve-
ments—Sill to 3717 Seventeenth St.; or will
sell corner. 155:6x100 and adjoining . lot on
Seventeenth St.. 44:CxlCO. •
B VJ L i2 1J i2 LOTS— CASTRO AND 10th'- STS.
in.i x8 °— Wes t . Une of Castro,, 30 feet N.' of
JS^' ™ * . or 2 lots: also '45x75. N. line of
10th. W. . of Castro, ln 1 or • 2 lots.
TWO, DIAMOND-STREET LOTS-^EARGAIN.
,;?"« 1<J ts. each 2Cxll5. west line of Diamond,
310 feet . S. of Twenty-first street.
' „„ LARGE DOLORES-STREET: LOT.
30:0x117:6 to an alley— Mission sunny belt;
east line of Dolores, 122 N. of Twenty-second.
Dolores Is one of the widest streets ln the city.
-GEARY-STRSET CORNER— RENT $34.
.25x92 — 2295 Geary and 131S to 20 Broderlck:
suitable. for grocery; $3000 bank mort«a*« caa'
remal** -
Happy Childhood Knows What's Best
Medicine that a child 'dislikes, will not do it much good. Sensible
parents will give the little darlings medicine that tastes good and
does good, and don't grip or gripe; the kind they like themselves.
jgPW&i!& "\ har £ nevor used any remedy that h«a beon as
AEPS&aZ- - e ,.A S , c »«c««t«- Have to keep them hidden from
s&tfL tBltstf v mr little boy. as he eati them like candy." ¦
/^^^ V^ _ —Mrs. Uobt. G. Kay, Goes, Ohio.
Jt^s^^Ll^^^nt^Z "I shall nerer be without Cimonrets. My children y
En'JS&frdSt *>TSr**Z&< Vll are always delighted when I_k1v«i them a portion of a'
mPx&PiB0G> V> V W tablet, and cry for more. They have a permanent
A W$[ ir — —Mrs. John Flaccl, Michigan City, Ind.
V £gA - W" ¦"* 2^Sj% »!!y? 0 n ? e sc ? r ? t8 ln our family and they ara th»
jsQZyM f M »^~* W cnlluren s friend."
g^V^ '_ jffl %t&~\<!\ —Mrs. James Greenwood. Mona»ha,Wls.
fe?*j§3 i V^n lS 4<I nl wa ?T kecp Ca»^ar et8 ln th< > house for tho child-
VS^fS't*" L^*»'^_ B*-»r I « ren as well an myBelf." .
jP~~ , fxrJfJJ\ —iirs. Chas. Koot, 692 Lorala St.. Cleyoland. O.
Mt&vS&h, +Ot B% " For m " nthB l hn<ro ""cd Cascarets, and my llttl*
K?^ l EWflKifTE.i>r^tfy* K?^^^JF one8 require no other medicine."
W^PSX^V V^^ M&Z&r ~ lMrs - G - iL "ammond, 683-24th St., Minneapolis.
\&£g%g»|&\\£^ / Wu^L^ l>1 MlS Ur> "" Cascarcts entir ely in lookiug after
J^^V 0Ur lMrs". e Kllen Burwcll, 1S12 Division St., St. Lonis.
t^ t * t / u_ \ N. . ," M 7 little boy three years old was troubled with
>J6Bg3£S^ • y — *—^ bieedine piles. We began to give him Cas<-aret»
>*EV - S~~\ * nd ,?, ef ?J? ? e^", d *A^ eu ? no b ? x u. h « w « sound aud"
/TVwr' *"\\ well- w - •*•• Ooin, Okmulcee, 1. T.
J \ &&&£$¥•*/ W " JIy llttl8 danchtcr complained of not feeling well
-• ¦ ,^T i ' WuJi^v TBfe- M Bn " begran to vomit ond became very sick. .A half
\^^ I *YT I Oascaret tablet was given her aud ln less than half
\ 1/4 I an honr she got up as well as ever. Cascarets art -
¥l^ \V\\ / / * household necessity." ;:¦¦%•
y&& \*uf'\,\ I —Thos. L. Most, P. M., Trenton, Pa.
1 tifc r ) "My little eirl was ereatlr troubled. with worms.'
- - W » Mr \S . bllt , »'t«r irtvfng her a 25o box of Cascarets, she is j
I ..1 r *0^^ entirely well.," - • • - . • -
I — o*u, —Mrs. John F. Biley, 6 Sndler St., Gloucester, Mass.
Medicine forced on the little ones loses half its power. Nasty,
sickening medicine is^ an injustice ta the dear little innocents who
can't protect themselves, makes them"peevish and afraid of the dose.
When a child hates the^edicine, it will not be~ effective. ; Children
like Gascarets Candy Cathartic, ask for them and. are kept healthy v
always and easily against the damages of childhood's ailments.
/7?r\ /»/>Ti rtirv Beit for the Bowel «- - An druggists, xoc, ajc, 50c. Never toldte bulk.
i. VA.'tl VAU IaAWJ - The ccnuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
money back. Sample and booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. n.
ADVES,TISEai5NT8.
I Men's Diseases
I Successfully Treated. \
% O. C. JOSLEN, M.D.
. The Leading Specialist.
£ o — o
E M O treatment other than that
> B x. v which restores absolute^
h health and soundness can
N be classed as successful treatment.
| Methods that afford merely tem-
3 porary relief are, in most in-
3 stances, not only undesirable, but
1 positively harmful. Especially is
I this true in cases of so-called
I "weakness." I treat no case for
I temporary effects, but direct all
I my efforts toward the accomplish-
| ment of complete and permanent
i cures. It is because my methods
I are successful and actually brin^
j such cures that my practice has
h grown to be the larsrest of its
S kind in the entire West.
I "Weakness." ;
That disorder commonly known as
"•¦weakness" has for years and genera-
tions baffled the efforts of physicians,
yet to this very day a majority of doc-
tors, SDecialists not excented. are at-
tcniDUng to overcome it by methods
that have been In constant use j and
that have constantly failed for half a
century. They dose the system with
powenul stimulants and tonics calcu-
lated to restore nervous force or
etrengrth that is not and never has
been lacklnxr, with a result that the
functions are temporarily excited t->
the positive detriment of the patient.
Weakness (we will call It such lor con- -
venlence just now) is only a symptoih
i resuHinK from a chronically swollen !
\ and inflamed prostate eland, and is ¦
! curable by local treatment only. j
i Kither early dissination or some Im- !
I properly treated contracted disease Is \
I responsible for the inflammation in , |
most instances, though accidental in- t j
jury. Etrain, etc., may produce th* g|
same result. I have permanently
cured thousands of cases of premature-
ness, Iofs of pov.-er, etc.. without the
giving of a single Internal dose, which
demonstrates the absolute accuracy of J
my -understanding: and treatment of the
disorder. In years I have not met
v.-ith a sinsle failure, and I have en-
tire confidence in my ability to cure
all cases that come to me for treat-
ment. I am equally certain that no
treatment other than that which I
hav*- perfected can completely and per-
manently restore strength and vigor.
My success in curing "weakness" has
led others to imitate me. even to the
extent cf copying my advertisements,
word for word, thus forcing me to seek
copvritrht protection. I mention this
lor "your safety, as the treatment toid
cf in my announcements is rendered
™ by no physician other than myself.
I ¦ '
\ I use neither I cure Contract- I
E knife ligature ed Diseases thor-
t, r.or caustif in oughly j and In
m my treat ment less time than is
F for Varicocele. I c o m m only re- ft
E positively cure quired to even
i this disorder ln cure partially.
I one week by an Do not endanger
B absolutely pain- your health and
f less method, and power by relying
I without- detain- upon patent nos-
L Ing the patieat trums or other
C from business. uncertain meas-
F —————— ures.
B J My treatment for I My method ofT
H * Specific Blood curing Stricture
J> PoUon forces the \g rew an< j en .
ii «ry last taint tlrely original.
B from the system, xo cutting or
M and all this is dilating. The
K a c & o m p lished stricture Is dis-
B without tbe use solved and com-
B of d a. n g erous pletely removed,
f} minerals. I af- and all . affected !
P> ford you a com- parts are thor-
R plete and per- oughly cleansed.
H manent cure in J
B sixty days. | y /.
rA I make no I
u ¦¦ charge for con- j
R My folder. "Live eultatlon. exam- |
H All Io«r Tears inatlon or ad-
B a Man." affords vice. All af- [
f» an i n t eresting flicted men may
H j-tudy ia men'? feel free to call ;
B diseases. Will upon m* cr
0 be teat free up- write regarding
¦ on appllctalou. their cas?.s. (
I DR. O. C. JOSLEN, 1
1 . J049 Market Street, 1
\i 6AN FRANCISCO. K
H Diagonally Opposite the Hibernla c
GBk CHICHEQTEH'S ENGUSH
pE^ri¥RO¥^L PfLLS
KB .~<?>~*-fc. Original and Only Gwalne.
tfW&*iBr&& 1> KK J* «c4 Gold muffis b»««. k&IU >
T^ « th bl °* ribbM1 - Toke *• »tter. Ucfutc
TON <»*> Wv Pf«cero»» nuWiUuUom uhiJ Jmfl*.
| / ft? tloon. Bay tt yoar Dnggm. or mnt 4e. in
\V fp • olS "R*il<t forL«die«,*<H Utter, t/ rt.
«X 1/ (in MaiL 1 0.OOO To.Un.BiU-. p o i« t»
m. uALL'S nElNYtGORATORH^
titops all losses ln 24 hours. Five A&f*nE-$i
hunaieii reward f<jr any ca^e we Tied to£i '*
cannot cure. . This secret rem- a fe
<-dy cures Emissions, Impotency, »Qj9 BsS
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet, *S"f? Wfj
Strictures, Drains, L<ost Man- "}' i iiil
hood and all other wasting ef- X&|j> StS
fects cf selt-ab'jse or excesses. J-C&iSsSS?
Sent sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad,
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 ',4
Market tt.. S. F. Send for free book.
¦ ,« _, Bis C la s non-pc!scnons
.^r<a3v»i35*fc©*£n remody for Gonorrhoea
£ rr 1 ' Spermatorrhoea,
fi-ilfij/ CUntS >g5 Whltos. uuuatntd dla-
&&$) lnlto 5 d»ji. \k charge*, or any lnilatpmt-
E^mv Gairwietd to w tion, irritation or nlccra-
ffc^/.frtTtat eoniigion. tion cf in iicout, aicci-
E^^TPrF«ntruru'riirn br - cec -
—_.,„..,_- r^sr.fn oola By Drcculsts,
or BPnt ln p!ain rrarperf
T^BJCk P-p-^. jtSBa br expreis, prepaid, for
*!•«>. <" 3 bottle., |2.75.
U Circular eeat ou reimeit.
Cl >PATENTsf §
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEABK7 AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD «£
CO. European plan. Rooms. 50c to $1 £0 dr.y;
?5 to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths:
hot and cold water every room; fire grates ln
every room; elevator runs all night.
¦ . , I
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA. 3ITTERS. THE-
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
•trenctb to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market. |
, AJPVERTlSEaiENTS. J ' -^s~J^J~ M :- M -_r
• • m »«•»•••••••••>•»»>«»«••»•••••••»•> • • »y
¦*' ' ¦" • .¦''. .
"¦¦¦¦ 7^vY^*
' Everything for thr Home.
'^Hffll \X.fllr^^^^^^ r^ 1) Besides our six bij furniture floors we
lllllV « I^flflwtPsCJJpl^-jf^v y^ I 1/ have our annex, the ground floor of the
\\\vl\J\ L W^^P' S // Pretty china and glassware (a solid car-
\tiUt \ Il§Ki»&xM^MsJ&&^ iJWT : ' y$§\ // load of dinner sets received last week).
e^KX VB^S^^^^^^IQrBp&intt^ // Kitchenry and Richmond ranges. You're
|?i\\ lt^G^^S0^^^&^^^ '^EJ* 1 'wur a3 welcome to look as to buy. Won't you
|1\Y S^^A/^^^^^^^^^^^E^ i Bl \\ come in and spend a pleasant half-hour
Massive OaK Morris Chair 58.50. r^^S~ J^^'
Doesn't look like the usual "bargain" Morris chair, does It? ?Tjyi .^. Bx\fF^- x ' J;g *rr'&
It's very differen t. gy/ / |NsM y A 3
The spreading arms are five Inches wide, terminating In iWL— «.^»..-i i\ViPt §1 '* '*^u"*'* J i
carved griffin heads. tT/^^^^M^MI / / l^""-
Deep, roomy seats (21 inches wide) ; luxurious cushions ln [J /__ -_ tLjt/ f
¦ almost every imagin able color. /Ti mf^ rr^6» L 1
Made of oak, eve rv whit — quarter-sawed oak, and polished. ' I lT- -«=—
C^^X^^^^^~~ '' '^§L~ <£s§^ Here Are Two Pretty
/Ml V^'w"0WWW$i |M holstered r< se 1 ats and backs. No two are
iWl / / / JP!:!*fli Mmf^S upholstered alike, so it gives an almost
/flf'^ ' * ' WM$''/k^ t $Mf EOCKERS TO MATCH 2.7H
. L illtXT. ' * V iL$Kr-*^0 l Tr&. Makes the daintiest kind of a sewing
V^^^^^L=^^^~l — _!-— p^M&0^ Wk Mattings on the Arab.
Mvk I^^ JH^ J&U~MfM H^rak A b1^ shipment of mattings go on Bale
(H| _l v r / ' f s* N x '' s s" 'ylicil w^in^ From Hongkong per steamer Arab.
W«ui - ¦ ' -~* '__ -^| 5 '! ew J a P ancse mattings 20c. 23c and
b Ncw w^ n ! r H d eve °^if ovellics
If rr-jpl-ri| [-j -=- ( . -=. j^Jly^lF^jrpjr^ - Tables that look to be hundreds of
k 1 1 ~~~~* B * ~" years old, quaint hall seats, and still an-
1 he Sideboard Pictured Above $25. other =°^ thln^ new - >
it's^adro?^^^ Grass" Furniture'
Those two top drawers are not flat, but are prettily round- Made of plaited marsh grass on rattan
ed. One of them Is lined with plush. ; • . -frames. Soft, pliable; adjusts Itself to
The top Is 48 inches wide and 24 inches deep. your position. Pretty divans, rockers and
The beveled Fren ch plate mirror is 31x18 Inches. ££ /armchairs.
1039 MarKet &, Opposite McAUfeter.
B J ___Jf wel1 hullt!
b r a. s s
trimmings, two extra trays; an
excellent value for $9 &0; our
special price $7.0O
In great variety. A$d&~S£?K
We carry no 'ftteS^-^^/ t
shoddy or cheap- v ' F > r "¦
, ly made gooda.
' but the be3t ob- •
tamable for the money., Prices .
for genuine Alligator bags range
from.. •. .......»2.5O up
j Furniture and house- .
; hold goods on credit if
you like. :
1 123-130 Ellis St., above Powell.
s~ ¦
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{HHSEUia -OF AHATOBY?
_ >jf . '_" rhe , Lafieit Anatomical Museum in tbe \
9 t&fcsi 2f orKL WMknenjes or' my contracted A
O /_|«|_ Specialist on the Coast. Est is years. ©
6 *3KLi» DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ()
*~\ J Consultation free and stiletW priyate. \
W i tfli 4 I' 04 """' Pe'MMlly or by l-tter. A A
VI if H V*^*"" 1 * cue undertaken. Y
N P II 1 V Write for Book. PUILC.1UPUV of A
V* M Yt HAnniAGG. MAILED FJIKB. fAV
A ft /!,_<• valuable book foro™) V
fDaJOSDAM&Cfr.. 1051 Market St. S. F. V
SENSATIONAL
> Book for men. . Amusing, mystifying In-
.• Btructlve. : All. men can Bet one by sending
¦„¦ .-*; stamp, for postage.-. ¦- WILLIAMS- &-CO.,-
\ --140 Geary st.." Sau Francisco.- ¦THOUSANDS VISIT THE PAVILION
AND ENJOY IRISH HOSPITALITY
Varied Entertainment at the Fair Pleases the Public
Throughout the Day.
THE SAN FBANCISCQ CAJLL, SUNDAY, MAY 4i 1902.
The vegetable dealer Is apt to get Into
a peck of trouble .when his measure falls
short of the standard.
"Festival Polonaise," duet by Miss Alldo
Scbenk and Miss Agnes Lalner; "Spirits of
Bliss," by_MlES Edna Dauernheim; "Norma,"
duet by Misses Emma and Agnes Lalner; "Plz
rlcatl" from "Sylvia," Miss Frieda Lalner;
"Polka Brllllante,-" . duet. Miss Adrienne Ford
and MUs Carlotta Teresl; "Rondo," by . Miss
Agnes Lalner; "Dance of the Spirits," by Miss
Carlotta TereEl"; "Idyll," duet by Miss Agnes
Lalner and Ella Foude; "Evening Star" from
"TannhauBer," by Miss Mary Schenk; Spanish
dance, by Mies Agnes Lalner and Miss Mary
Schenk; serenade, by Miss Eroma'Lainerj valee
de Fleure, by Miss Adrienne Ford; fantasle, by
Miss Agnes Lalner; "Helmweh," by Miss Ella
Foude; "Spring Song," by Miss Mary Schenk;
"Frolic of the Butterflies," by Miss Ella
Fourde; "Norma," fantasie, by Miss Adrienne
Ford; valse from "Faust," by Miss Agnes Lai
ner; "Wedding March,", duet by Miss Agnes
Lalner and Mies Mary Schenk. ¦
The second piano recital, given last
evening by the pupils of Mrs. Eugenia
Bauer at Heine Hall, 235 Geary street,
was well attended and the entertainment
was enjoyable. The programme was as
follows:
Pupils Give Piano Recital.
TWENTY-EIGHT ITEW
SCOTTISH: BITE MASONS
Initiation. Followed by an Elaborate
Banquet at Masonic Temple,
250 Members Attending.
The thirty-second degree Scottish Rite
was conferred upon twenty-eight Masons
last evening. At the close of the cere
mony a eumptuous banquet was served
at the Masonic Temple, 250 members of
the order participating.- •i-.:
During the banquet speeches were made
by Venerable Master F. C. Van Schaick,
James A, Wilson. John Frederick?. Jchn
Frailer, Dr. Theodore Miller, Thomas
Brown and Charles L. Patton. {?/.'
A most enjoyable evening: was spent by
a.11 those who had the pleasure of attend
ing the gathering:. Much credit is due
Charles W. Conlisk for' the success of the
evening, as he had charge of the arrange
rnente.
During the year Just closed the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad deposited on the
Canadian shores of th» great lakea a lit
tle less than 30,000,000 bushels of wheat
The previous vear the amount haudled by
the eame road was only 6,000.000 bushels.
ONE OP THB INDEFATIGABLE OFFICERS OF THE DUBLIN BOOTH,
AND SCENE AT THE IRISH FAIR, WHICH IS NOW IN PROGRESS
AT THE MECHANICS' PAVILION.
To-morrow (Monday), between 10 a. m.
and'3 p.m., we will sell the well-known
$3.50 Colonial Ties for $1.35. All slzei and
widths., Be 9n time; after Z o'clock the
price goes' up to $3.50. 324 Kearny street.* -
Not Before— Not After.
\OAKLAND, : May. 3.— The annual' meet
ing of the members of the Society for the
Prevention i of * Cruelty! to. Animals will "be
held on '. evening j next at ; the
rooms of 4 the society, 1003% Broadway."
Besides .the regular routine of ¦ the annual
meeting, there will be an address upon the
work ' and - aims : of the : society i by J Mrs.
Deardrof. • ¦ r . . - '-:-,- ; .¦-.•j'^'v
Help Dumb -Animals.
In the case of Eugen^-Volkel. a' barber,
who ' sustained » a broken ; thigh on- April 27
by falling off a Sacramento-street car, the
H Toby Bernstein and F: H.': Rodgers were
praised by* a Coroner's jury yesterday for
their heroic^ efforts in attempting to ' save
the life of Daisy Atwood of 24 Ash ; ave
nue on April 28.*, The evidence showed that
when the unfortunate woman dropped* the
glass lamp" 1 ' and , ' aoveloped r) in flames ,
screamed for help, Detective Thomas Dil
lon,""' .-: F. H. • Rodgers ', arid "< Toby f Bernstein
rushed Into the house and took her. out of
the; burning rooml'OfHcer Dillon covered
her ; with •; hife^ overcoat Jand extinguished
the flames, but not v in: time to" save her
life.-; .. ; •: ¦:*;:•: ¦-.- -\;
Atwood.
Coroner's Jury Gives Creditor tho
•Attempt^to Save Mrs. Daisy : -.< \\
BERKELEY, May , 3.— The University
of California' Register for. 1901-02 was Is
sued to-day. It contains 52S pages, or
some thirty of additional matter over the
last issue. The register is very complete
In its information concerning the colleges
at Berkeley, the Hastings College of Law,
the- : medical, -pharmacy and Lick astro
nomical departments and the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art. .Entrance require
ments,. .notes .on - various ' scholarships,
r.ules governing students and "so on ; are
glven.iriMHKW0WC^P^^^ir$iriaQPVfi
r Owing to many requests for Information
concerning the climate at " Berkeley two
pages have been /devoted to a condensed
statement of the climatic : conditions . based
on records taken at thestudents' observa
tory during the past fourteen'y«ars.-ii"r^.v :
ing the Different California
Colleges.
Book Is Full of Information Concern-
The street fair at Bakersfleld, which
was opened to-day by ( President Roose
velt;, is . attracting crowds'' from all i over
the. State.,' A special excursion over -. the
Southern ; .Paciflc r has ¦ been - arranged
May - 7, and a ¦ large party : will go from
San Francisco/ the rate being one fare for
the round trip. Tickets are good going
on the 7th, returning up to 11th.
The Carnival Spirit Is in the Air.
ANNUAL UNIVERSITY: "¦*/";
§&$! REGISTER IS ISSUED
BRAVE MEN PRAISED WiMk
' FOR A HEROIC ACTION
jury exonerated the conductor and the
grlpman. :-, ' -.
A' full list of* officers- . of the university,
with titles and addresses, is given. The
book -contains a catalogue of .students of
all the departments, and those who- are
candidates for degrees' this 7 '.year are
grouped according to the degrees for
which they have been studying.
The summary of- students shows that
in the colleges at" Berkeley there are 230
graduate students, as against - 1S3 list
year, and 224S undergraduate students, as
against 2058 last year. Jn the colleges in
San Francisco, including the art depart
ment, there are 677 students, showing the
total • number ¦ of ' students attending tho
University of California to be 31+1 (after
reductions are made for duplicates). La*t:
year 3024 students registered In all de
partments.; . .
Mrs. Finks also charges Foulks with
unfitness for teaching In failing to main
tain proper discipline in his class; and de
clares he Is incompetent in not knowing
the systems of stenography which ar©
taught in the' school. Mrs. Finks also
hints at blackmail, whereby Foulks' en
deavored to coerce her Into, paying the
sum of $37 for clothing belonging to
Foulks and alleged^ to: have been lost by
Mrs. Finks. . Mrs. Finks ; charges that
Foulks Is in her debt in the amount'of $80.
Mr. Foulks when seen about the charges
said that Mrs. ; Finks is -. a : recent ' arrival
fit m Texas and rented a flat from; him.,
She defaulted in her rent, and he brought
suit against^ her for the .amount. ./'Mrs.
Fii:ks in retaliation secured the services
Robert Ash as attorney, who prompted
her to bring the charges, i Ash was at
torney for Kilpatrick, and , the, charges are
similar to those which resulted In the dis
missal of Kilpatrick from the department
-Mrs. G. M. Finks filed grave charges
against George H.. Foulks, head of. th<j
commercial department of - the Lincoln
Evening School, with the Board of Edu
cation and Superintendent Webster yes
terday. Mrs. Finks accuses 'Foulks on In
formation and belief of unprofessional
conduct in having neglected his duties
while he was vice principaT~of the Busi
ness Evening School in 1897. Mrs. -Finks
alleges that- Foulks went from class to
class in the school seeking "evidence
against E. I#. Kilpatrick, the\ then princi
pal 'of the school, who was subsequently,
removed.' \ She ¦- further alleges that
through the .connivance of Foulke Kil
patrick lost his position; that Foulks
bribed two School Directors in- what -is
known as the Ragan board with $400 each
to secure the necessary seven votes : to
have himself elected to the prlnclpalshlp.
Mrs. Finks - further alleges • that Foulks
swore falsely at Kilpatrick's trial before
the Board of Education.
Sirs. G. M. Finks Alleges Head of
Commercial Department' Is Guilty
of Unprofessional Conduct.
FILES SERIOUS CHARGES
AGAINST TEACHER FOULKS
Egg and ladlo race — H. C. Williamson. Amer
ican British Rifles, first; second, 'Mrs. Ina
Logic; third, Mrs. Mabel Boyd.
Hsndlcap committea race, 200 yards — T. G.'
AltKen, first; second. J. Black; third, W. Z.
Nicol. •
Race for boys under 12 years 100 yards—
Paul Mackey. first; second. Jack Addtson: tmrd.
CJiaries Ingland, • >- "- '
Kace for girls under 12 years, 100 yards—Mar
jory Hamilton, first; second, Marie Wilson;
third, Martha McKahn. _ .
Race for boys under 16 years, 200 yards —
Paul Mackey, first; second, Al Knickerbocker;
third, Walter Brown. •
Race for girls under 16 years 100 yards —
Flora Bartel, flrBt; second, Charlotte 'Rattrey;
third, Rose Little.
Three-legged race, 200 yard? — William Barr.
Jr and W. ' Petrottl. first; second, the Barr
Irothers; third. Messrs. Mohrig and Skrafe.
Race for members" daughters under 16 years,
100 yards— Ef fie McGllvray, nrtt; second, Mary
Wilkle; third. Dora Gratto. -
Race for members* sons under 16. years, 200
yards— Alexander Mackcy. first; second, Ver
r.cr. H. Campbell; third, Paul Mackey. -
Race for single ladies over 16 years. 100
yards-r-Mabel Slmle. first; second, Effla McGll
vray; third, Grace McMilllan.
Race for married ladies, 100 yards — Mrs.; J.
MeCollough, first; second, Mrs. Ina Logle;
third, Mrc. J. P. Proctor.
Race for members' wives, 100 yards— Mrs.
J P. Proctor, first; second, Mrs. J. Reynold;
third, Mrs. Morrison.
Fat men's race (200 pounds or over), 100
yards — A. Wllkie, first; second, H. : S. Lee;
third. James Hind. •-:. •
-Sack race, 100 yards— Alexander Mackey,
flrtt; second. R. McAllister; . third, ,_W. % J.
Btrr Jr. ' • • ¦ • ' ' ' > '. \
Race for masters of ships in port, 200 yards—
Captain Y. C. Lawson, first; second. Captain
D. Ross; third. Captain W. T. Lewis. . •¦ ;
Race for apprentices on ships in port, 200
yards— Sidney MacFarland of the Silverhorn,
first; second, S. Hall of the Kilhorn.
Handicap members race, 200 yards^-W. Z.
Nicol, flrgt; second, W. A. Cook; third, J. Mor
rison, • /
Nearly 2000 of Scotia's bonnie lads and
lassies attended the delightful annual pic
nic of St. Andrew's Society given yester
day in Fairfax Park. The day was
passed with games, dancing an-J races.
One. of the special features was the
dancing of the Highland fling by lads and
lassies in costume. For the clever man
ner in Which he danced little James
Traverty was awarded a special prize.
The results of the races were a^ fol
lows: / . .
Outing of St. Andrew's Society
in Marin County.
Nearly 200O People, Attend Annual
SCOTS HOLD PLEASANT .
PICNIC IN FAIBFAX <_ PARK
The ladies in charge of Tyrone booth at
the Irish Fair will give an excursion to
the United States battleship "Wisconsin
to-day. Launches will leave Folsom
street wharf between 1 and 5 p. m. Vol
unteer guides will show visitors over the
big fighting machine.
Will Visit the Battleship.
The ladies of the booth intend to give
an evening at home some night this
.week,, on which occasion there will be
singing by -Miss May Macdonald. The
officers of the booth are: Mrs. E. E.
Schmitz, president; Mrs. Albert Burns,
vice president; Mrs. Phil E. Kiley, secre
tary, and Mrs, D. F. Keith, treasurer.
The knights in armor guarding the old
castle immediately facing the entrance
attracted • considerable attention, last
night. The scene is quite realistic and all
who are interested in the fifteenth cen
tury style of armor will find the exhibit
worthy of inspection. The Pavilion re
mains closed to-day.
The Dublin booth was especially attrac
tive last night. The ladles are working
hard to make it one of the most beautiful
of the fair and their efforts are succeed
ing. - The decorations are pretty, being
all In green and yellow, whileV palms
placed here and there - add much to .the
artistic effect. Mrs. E. E. Schmitz has
donated a magnificent diamond sunburst,
the, chances being sold for 25 cents and
the cards disappeared with wonderful
rapidity. Mrs. Noonan has donated sev
eral valuable •¦¦ pieces of furniture, ' and
Mrs. Klley, the secretary, , has presented
some beautiful i>ahns. . ' -
Another entertaining feature was the
Irish jaunting car just Imported from
Ireland. This vehicle, the like of which
hac not been se m. here in public, was in
constant use throughout the evening. Tho
horse had a serious time of it until nearly
11 o'clock, when the driver concluded to
call tt a day. In the gallery above the
crossroads, dances, which are so charm
ing a feature of Irish provincial life, went
on without intermission. AH of the con
cessionaires did a big -- business In the
evening, the crowd being in a mood that
prompted a lively disbursement of funds
wherever entertainment was offered.
The main amusement of the evening
was the watching of daring young men
as they kissed the Blarney stone. This
was no fake affair, but the stone itself,
which is about the size of a walnut, was
taken by a prelate from the identical ruin
in whicn tne famed. Blarney stone is
tixed and brought to this city for service
at the fair. It was placed in position on
the wall of tl* ruin at a height of about
thirty feet, and to reach It one is obliged
to hang by his heels,' which are held by
two lusty youths. Only two young men
dared to kiss the stone last night, but the
applause that greeted thenj. amply repaid
tnem for the risk they took of breaking
their necks. • ' : '
. . during the evening. | Exceptionally
interesting amusements were provided for
visitors, so that time did not hang heavy
on; any one's hands. i
The various booths were brilliant with
lights and beauty.^ The young women in
charge appeared at, their best and all
were indefatigable In. their efforts fo
please visitors. Such - as had spare dimes
were speedily relieved of them with their
consent in the cause of sweet charity,
and those who failed to win prizes on the
chances taken \>y them failed to register
their protests. . , . '.: ¦
IT was everybody's night at the Irish
Fair in the Pavilion --last night. "It
, was an evening of jollity for nearly
3S00 people, who passed the gates
27
miillMIIIIIIMIH llllllllllllllllilllllllli ill I 111 limn |Ui«»^..o»
...NAPA;.^ KparCoiintyJ
S0M S ™^! Cal;T ,il
TwrlJE MOST BEAUTIFXIL'OP ALL HEALTH
1 Resorts. Hot and Cold Sqda Baths." Rates,
$10 to $15 per weak.'. Two train's 'daily,' foot: of
Market street,' 7 a: m. »nd'4 p. m. For further
information^ address Peck's , Bureau, 11
gomery street, or ' . .. " '. '¦ '¦ .
DOLLM ANN & JACOBS, Drops.
SANTJlCATALINA ISLAND,
3}i Hours from Los : Angeles.
Advantaees, attractions &nd amuse-
ments impossibleN*lsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
flsliina" and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: I>ellght-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of. Yachts^
and Launches^ Ideal Camn Life: Com-'
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole, modern conven-
iences, electric lights;' Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music. PancinP". etc. c For further
particulars address BANNING . COM-
PANY, 222 South 'Spring street, Los An-
geles, or K. C. PECK. Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal. ' '.;.¦¦¦„-¦.
. HOT SPRINGS
For rest, health and pleasure, scenery, climate
and waters. For Rheumatism,' Kidney,' Liver
and Stomach Troubles . stands . unsurpassed.
Trained masseurs. Good hunting and fishing;
amusements of all kinds. Trains leave .Third
and Townsend streets 0 a.m. and 2:45 p. m.
daily. For pamphlets and rates address
R. ROBERTSON, Proprietor.
Hot Springs, Cal.
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH, LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases.' Recom-
mended by . leading physicians. Thousand*
cured. Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from
Uklah. . Call or address .
" v WITTER P.O., Lake Co., Cal. :
Main office and water depot, 016 Market
street, room'" 64, city. : -:
¦¦ ~ " R. McCORMICK. Manager.
/ETNA --'SPnlNuur"-
NAPA COLJWTY,
OPENED May 1st. See if your friends
are among the arrivals — CUISINE perfect.
Weather delightful. Flowers plentiful.
- Write 'for- Booklet."' • ' .
EDWARD L. SANFORD. Manager. .
¦ Aetna Springs, Napa County.
CAMP CURRY!
Gives special rates to nobody, but gives value
received to all, as is shown by Its 1400 guests
the past three seasons,, more than one-half at
which were -In 1901; 1000 guests are. expected
In 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st.j open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT f AND YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.-— Running. dlrtetly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran-
cisco ?32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging 2'^ hours' first afternoon and 9 hours
next day, arriving at Yosemite Valley 5 p. m.
Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. C30 Market St., opposite Palace
"Hotel,. S. F. : tel. Black 3571.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOK OPENS. MAY I5t!i.
With many additional attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT
PAVILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN, . * ¦
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO.
• ' •¦ Tallac, Cal.
¦ Note— Positively no ¦ consumptives taken. '
Woridworth's^Sf 1
' ¦ . . Terms $1.00 per day.
Circulars free." Address >.- .- ..
WOODWORTH & MULLER, St. Helena, Cal.
HOpHN SJPRIfl/GS.
These Mineral. Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Spring, Lake .Co., Cal. Hotel
Pleanant View is again- run by the- owner.
MRS. HOPPIN. . .
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting, boating, bathing, fishing; new
launch an4 boats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis court.. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN. Midlake, Lake County. Cal.
CPIfil FP SPRINfiS NEW MANAGEMENT.
MllULLK Zl Mil U 3 Hot baths and mineral
.waters unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria,
stomach diseases. Swimmlng.i billiards, dan-
cing; $8 to $12 week. Call or address 117 Grant
ave... or Selgler Springs, Lake. Co., H. Mc-
OO WAN, prop. ¦' ..•"¦¦ :-;,'
/: ¦ JOHANNISBERC
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dlningrroom; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing,' swimming md boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKJ3NBURG
JR.', prop.. Oakville, • ' Napa County, or ; The
Travelers' Bureau, 20 Montgomery st. ¦ ¦-:
HOTEL LA HOKOA, '
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS. GOOD
trout fishing. ' Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS, I. J. -SEARS, La Honda,
San Mateo County,. Cal. . . ... ;
WliSpOM: CONSISTS'ln doing the right
.thing.' at', the right time.
"WE ~' ARE ALL r WTSE—af terward—
. when it is too late. . .' ¦ -•
THE TIME to\take- cs.ro of your health
is. when you have ft. ¦
NEVER ALLOW yourself to get into a
- xu.t'or groove, either physically or men-
tally. ' '
BREAK the monotony that makes so
/•many men and women old long before
their .lime.; .-:.*•'.- •' - -"- \
TAKE an occasional trip.
THE COUNTRY along the California
'. Northwestern Railway is not the- only
place to visit, but it ' certainly ' Is the
best.
ITS LOCATION between^ the coast and
the interior affords that salubrious cli-
mate which invites living, in T th«, open
air. and fills up the system with re-
newed energy. I'f-V
CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book issued by the California
North-western Rail-way Comrjany.
(The Picturesque Route of California)
giving Camping Locations; Hotels, Min-
eral Spring Resorts, and a long list of
Country Homes where board for the
Summer can be secured at. from $6.00 to
$8.00 per week.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., (Chronicle
• Building) . and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
. Market St. . General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California St3.,
San Francisco. . v- . :
H.C. WHITING, Gen'1'.Manager.
. . R. X. . RYAN, (Jen'l Pass. Agt.
''.'-'¦: '¦ ' >/¦ »¦¦ . ¦ : - t . ¦- ¦ ¦¦'¦ V •'¦¦:¦¦
¦ '¦'¦'-'¦¦¦ >.'¦ -¦ .-.- . • .-' • •¦ .<•:*-- ; , -
¦^f\Y^% '¦ '¦ Nature'e own selec-
IPI 1W tlon for a health and
* Wl\ \. „¦• t, pleasure resort . be-
' vjryr- it awv cause of the curative
• H sH'A-B :-¦' H" 'Properties- of its jnud
• aIjLj^IJLj JL B.M, and sulphur baths for
¦ . _ __; •/ - t ¦' '¦¦ rheumatism. lns«m-
" . - A -IVlTl nla - «<> ut . neuralsrla.
JnX%%3 liv«r,kidney and blood
¦- diseases. ' Has ev#ry
¥\T C A natural advantage for
PLCASVBE g-r^mfc^t u .:
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
CM. ARNOLD, 640 MarKd, S. F^ Atf.
EL BONITO HOTEL:
The largest and beet appolntel hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, Proprietor, Duncans Mills, CaU For
Information and rates inquire of Peek's Bu-
reau, ,11 Montgomery st., or. write R. C Cal-
houn, Proprietor. - •
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Sonoma County. • Always open. • Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. - No staging. Every
contort and cenvenienee. Ttburon ferry, 7:30
a m., 3:30 p. m. InfcrmaUon of DR. HEN-
SL.EE. 807 Sutjtef st. Phone Sutter 2371. Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cat
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusft Co.. Cal., 20 miles by
stage west of Williams; far* $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature Us
deg. Cvrea rheumatism, dropsy, salt ¦ rheum,
skin ' diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. • Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel ; fine new bathhouse. Board end lodging,
Including baths, $10 a week. "WM. OELGEAJKT.
Proprietor. ' '_ ¦ "' :
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL... ;^
One mile from famous. "Bohemian Grove 1 *:
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C, F. CARR,- Manager, Russian River station.
via Duccans Mills. Ca!. .'.¦..
WHITE SULfHUfi Sf/tlHOS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA. — POSI-
tlve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and- blood diseases.' Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trains. Board, Including baths. $8
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK, . St.
Helena, ¦ Cal. /
THE CEYSESS.
(Sonoma County.) New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
i-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing >ear
round; white help only; best liverrr; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
. LOS GATOS."
Under - new . manazement. Now ooea tor
business. Rates, $S to $15 per week.
" BROOKS1DE."
Most beautiful resort house In Napa Valley;
2 miles from Calistpga; free carriage; hot and
cold baths: gas.; S. P. '. reference.*].,' ' Send *W
pamphlet. G. W. CUTLEK. f Callatoga.
FOREST HOTEL,
•:" ' v^AXjffA.;.-" - ,^ : ¦
Santa Cruz*. Mountains. Good trout -.fishing.
Rebuilt and- reopened. B. BOHME.- Prop."
riMPTAVIflD HOTEL. : camp 1 cottages
vAlur'.i Albull and grounds, private' pic-
nics, bowling alley, -tennis, boating, trout fish-
Ing, telephone. Call' at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H..G. MARTIN, Proprietor, i • s
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
,The famous Jhealth and pleasure resort o£.
Lake , County. Finest s waters for "tne pure '.of
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
an-J STOMACH , TROUBJLES. Every '¦ comfort
and amusement. FREE : SWIMMINvJ '-TANK,
GROQUET,' TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al- ¦
ley, Riding and Driving Horses.:. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or Valley. '¦ : ; ;' ' '¦'-,
| NOTE SPECIAL RATES. ;
One person In room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Twapereong m room, "small hotel".$lS per week
One person In- room, '.'cottages" . . .$11 per week
Two persons in room. '"cottages".. $20 p«r week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL".;.. .-,
•• ..................... .$12 and $14 per. week
Two persons jn room, "MAIN HOTEL"...
£«* -"'. $20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for Schpol-, Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs, and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The • Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montgomery «t., or write direct j to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake
Co.. Cal. :-•¦-,.-¦¦¦'..'
f ; ;"..'..'.. — . ' /'¦ o
Bartlett Springs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP YOU
to health and make your vacation usa-
ful . as . well . as pleasant. After a short or'
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, - drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
swim, bathe, walk over mountain patha,
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Bend for booklet. .
.. '¦¦¦'. ' Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Sprlng3,
2 Sutter St.. S. F.\ Lake Co.. Cal.
0 if k n f\ n HOT springs; sono-
SK M illiS MA COUNTY; only 4#
\JI\rt\J\J\J hours from San "Fran-
cisco and- but 9 miles'
staging; waters • noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath . In State;
boating and swimming in "Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
ms.il, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and alter-
roon stages ; round trip from j Sin Francisco
cnly. *5 50. 'Take Tlburon ferry at 7:80- a., m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. -Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office. 121 Phelan bldg^ ; Tourist Information
Bureau,- ¦ 11 • Montgomery Bt. ; ¦. also at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st.,- or of •-J...-F. MUL-
GREW,,Skagss, Cal. ¦- . -. .
-R O W A 1TD H N N A ; N .
In the heart of the Santa Cruz Moantaina, yet near
enouf h to the ocean for a daily salt water swim, ; Red-
woods and. sea breezes— a wonderful combination.
Souvenir booklet free. Peck's Information Bureau, II
Montg.St.orB. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
ORCHARD* SPRINGS BSSiSS
la the Foo-Ull« of the Sierr* N»t»<!» MotiiUiu, »e«rColf«i, on
C. P. R. n., IM nllca from 8«n Frandtcn. Us »t»giojf ¦ Plain.
quiet retresl; fiseit tcntry, watar, msaotala sir. frnit and cJksaU
In California. Idsal forest, irnmdi »d4 tarrxoiKllDn. (8 a wee*.
Scad f.r booklet. I ORCHARD SPRINGS, C«tfax. Cal.
4 " .- . THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
v . School will be open to summer
MEN LO guests during June and . July.
n , D1/ Superior climate, excellent
I AKKi table; reasonable ' prices. Ad-
m^ mm^ mmmamm . dress . IRA G. HOITT.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Hpwell Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; a!r
pure and dry: delightful family resort; daily
mall; croquet; reg.' bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping' grounds; $S per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Angwin. Cal.
AGUA CALIENTE,-
Also known as California "Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. -No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. . Come Sundays and try It. Round trip
SI 10. Telephone; many improvements; v $12
and . ?14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor. ¦
Agua Caliente. Cal. , .' . .;.
~ ~~i; - ¦¦/. • ¦ .• . ¦ : [ ~~~
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,. .
Finest fishing, -hunting and health resort oh
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath Iilvtr.
Rates, ?2 and (2 50 per day; $10 to $14 per
weak. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st.'.
or address EPSON BROS.. Beswick, Slsklyou
County. Cal. • .. ¦ .
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE. ' 7;
Near the ocean. . Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. -.Long distance.
phone. $2 per day. C. P,. MOSCONI, Prop.,
PurlBslma, San Mateo Co., Cal.'- , •¦ . •
CONGRESS SPRINGS. ;
A charming /esort in the Santa Crux Mts.;
2 hours from %&n . Francisco; - delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports: table unsur-
passed ; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. _ A. S. OLNEY, Manager- .-.: :,..-.;.
1 HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES, -
Ban Mateo, Cal.. Is now under new, manage-
ment. Everything first 'class. - Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards,
pool, shufflebdard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
ing, .etc. Rates on application. WRENN -4
SPAULDING. ; Proprietors.
DUNCAN SPRINGS;
* Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal'
waters In -the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and 512; housekeeping cottages.
• O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., Cal.
Town Home, ¦ Sonoma. . Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. ' Plenty' shade; <nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $S per week.- HENRY PEL-
LI ESIEJl^So^oina^SonomaQounty, Cal. ' . , ' • ; . :
SARATOGA STRINGS.
Better ever this year— booklet and. full;
information at Peck's Information Bureau, 11<
Montgon^ery Bt., or California and Northwest-
ern R. R. office, .650 Markef St., or Jghn, Mar-
tens, Bachelor P. O., Lake Co., Cal. : •.•• '.,<:-:
"HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. ;• First-class 'hotel;' large grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
, Opposite depot. Mai pas & Cosgrpve; .¦' ~ ..
Adams )\
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach, Liver and Kld-"
ney Trj'able». Not what J «ay, but what th»
people say.
RECOMMENDED BY THE LEADING PHT-
SICL\.NS OP CALIFORNIA.
: BEND FOR BOOK OF TESTIMONIALS. !
Klevatlon, 3300 feet. i
Rates. $10. $12 and $14 per week.
Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market street,
direct to the Springs. • *¦ ¦>
DR. W^ R. PRATHER, Proprietor.
L. LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
; HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mrs.
• Leach),' Proprietors. ;•, ,-
VICHY SPBINGS-3 miles from Uttah.'
; t Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters.
¦ champagne baths. Only place in the world or
this class of waters bavins continuous Sow o£
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds.* fishing, hunting:. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; tabla first class,
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO., Props.
f ; MOUNTAIN HOME.
•¦ At foot of Lama Prleta. highest point In
Santa Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fish-
lcs;,' hunting and swimming. Table and cllmata
unsurpassed. Stage at Madrone Monday.. "Wed.
and Sat. Train leaves S.-STft a. m. dally. Send
for souvenir. ¦ VIC PONCELET. Proprietor.
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS— Tea mllea from
Chlco, Cal. Noted for being a sure car*
for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia, blood and
kidney diseases, nervous trouble?, etc. A dead
enemy of poison oak and skin diseases. Hotal
and baths open entire year. J. V. RICHARD-
SON; Prop,, Chlco, CaU ¦
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable in Lako
Co.;. contain sulphur, iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cares of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium; bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip- tickets. S. P. office.
$8. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland of America: largest dining-
room, in county; new myrtle, cottage; hunting,
boating, bathing, marine toboggan; new livery,
croquet. tennlK, bowling; free teams daily to
our mineral springs, 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell, Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.'
Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 60. - M. S.
COX. Laurel. Santa Crass County. Information
at Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery at.
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty 4 of cream,
fruit, etc. ¦ Home cooking. Telephone. Rates
$6 and $7 per week. For particulars addresa
Robt. F. Warham. Applegate. Placer Co.. Cal.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort Is located In the Santa
Crua Mountains. « miles from Capitola. Good
table'board, hunting and fishing.' s Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal. '______
THE LIERLY Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. "Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting in the State^
J7 to 5.S per week. Jerry Lierly, Potter Valley.
THB OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
BoncifonXe drive. 5 miles from Santa Crus:
dally mall, fishing, home cooking. Addresa
MRS.. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
ANNADALE FABM. santa CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished er unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
? J. SEEGELKEN. Lea Gatoa Postotfice. CaL
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
'variety of water treatment, eleetrtclty. maa-
, sage. X-ray. -Write for literature. /
BELLEVUE HOTEL — El Verano, Sonoma
County, Cal. Terms. S1..00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral sprlntra near by. Peter Gouallhardou. Prop.
R~~ IVERSIDE HOTEL and cottaees; 75 rms. :
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beaeb. Rate* to
families. Information at 11 Montgomery ct.
Free bus. Long aist. ftnone. Fred Barson. Prop-
KCNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet: among the redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KINQ. Cazadero.
GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guernevilli.
Cal. — New management; thoroughly re--
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunter*
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH, Gqernevillg. Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatos.
Ideal place, home cooking, $8 per week.
P. DISQUE, Los Gatoa. Cal. ;¦
.STAGE LUTES AND LIVEBIES. .
akeportTand bartlett springs
STAGE LINE. — Hopland to "Bartlett
Springs, via Lakeport. carrying passengers
for Lakeport and Bartlett • Springs. Stage*
connect with trains at Hopland. .Leave Hop-
land at 12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; ar-
rive at Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6- horse
14-passenger totirist wagons, made to order for
thi3 stage line, with all the most modern Im-
provements.- Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage- Line. ¦• > ¦ .-¦•*.:¦
• MILLER &¦ HOWARD. Proprietors.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO^ — Through th>
redwoods to the'ocean.' Hayward's. Wurr's,
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt, and Santa Cruz. Buy.R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, !> a. m. train.. 3d
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Joss
Add.^ WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
PESCADERO — San Mateo and Pescadem
stage -line, via Halfmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorio; dally all year; twice a day to nalf-
moon Bay.l*vs. San Mateo 10a.m.& J:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES/ UKIAH AND WIL-
Uts — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H.. Smith. Ukiah. Smith &. Taylor. WlUlts. for
any-kind of a. turnout. ; • • ¦
HUMBERT STAGES — Short route to tho
Geysers; 3 hours' staging. First-class livery
stable in connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdale.
GILROY Fashion Livery: good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. pllroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
OS GATOsJ-Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class riss- ' Reasonable prices. :.
SANTA i CRUZ— San Lorenzo Stables. Sty*-
ish rigs. ." Reasonable prices. • .: .
I % wfijjt&F A 9 J M \. ** m^frJsS&a
P P*1~Wf?^^i This label is on every jar of the finest
B r^^yi-Tciss* Preserves pot op to-cay*
1 (rS^^^^i'i s^ y° or 8: f0Ccr to senc * yoa some * Yoo
I |f?|slp^|pS j will find them to ht simply delicioos.
1 1^^^4 All grocers sell them.
I [|^^^ LONG SYRUP REFINING CO.
I Eighth and Brannan Sts., - - San Francisco.^*^^^^^^^^^i»l ; .'...:•¦¦¦ ; ¦.;;¦•-¦¦¦¦¦-¦' ' ¦'. J^*iis§3p^JsV, _'¦
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, SUyDAY^ MAY 4, 1902,
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the motion of Charles
It. Mains to quash the indictment charg
ing use of the mails for a fraudulent pur
pose.
"Would Hot Quash.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrurgletE. 60c fiatK. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.
O. H. Savage. 137 Montgomery street,
secured a warrant from Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of Gust Optz on
a charge of obtaining money by false pre
tenses. Savage alleges that on April 20
he paid Optz $100 for an interest in the
real estate and agency business of Gus
Strand & Co., 203 Kearny street, on thn
representation that the business was
bringing in $150 per month profit. In this
he claims he was deceived. Optz was ar
rested later and released on $500 bonds.
Claims He Was Swindled.
Business men are satisfied when they
lunch at Cafe Zinkand. • ¦
A sensation was caused when Kittie
Nihill, one of the defendants on anpther
charge, was called as a witness for the
prosecution. It was expected that she
would turn State's evidence, but her tes
timony was not as strong as was expect
ed. She testified that she lived at 945
Folsom street and had been stopping with
her eister, Annie Barker, for two days at
the Howard-street house when the police
made the raid. She had saen the tel
escope basket in the room thai was occu
pied by King and Hamilton, who she
thought had brought It there. Barker and
his wife had not been out that night to
her knowledge, but she admitted she had
been asleep and was awakened by the
entrance of King and Hamilton from the
rear. The articles taken from the basket
ivere piled up in their room. She did not
know if King and Hamilton left the house
again. Her cross-examination was de
ferred till to-morrow morning.
Mrs. Murray identified the telescope
basket and contents as her property, and
Mrs. Annie Morrison, her landlady, testl
lied to having seen Hamilton in the house
about the time of the burglary. Police
man H. P. Braig, who followed Hamilton
from the house and saw him join a man
and a woman on Geary street, thereafter
following them till he saw them enter the
house at &3oB Howard street, where they
were arrested, testified to these facts. A.
Amiot. jeweler, 112 Sutter street, cor
roborated Braig.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
King, the' "convict preacher"; Thonvs
Barker, Harry Hamilton and Annie Bar
ker on the charge of burglary for break
ing into the rooms of Mrs. Anna Murray
at 208 Powell street in the early morning
of April 24 and stealing a telescope bas
ket containing a lot of clothing and other
articles was commenced before Judge Mo
gan yesterday. Assistant District Attor
ney Harris prosecuted, and the defend
ants were represented by Attorney
Archie Campbell and others. King toolc
part in the cross-examination of the wit
nesses and displayed considerable skill.
< Charles Montgomery, the philanthropist.
Amiot, jeweler, 112 Sutter street, cor
roborates Brais.
The two burglars were noticed the night
before the burglary hiding in a doorway
close to the store by one of Morse's men s
and when they noticed that he was
watching them they ran away. A hack
man saw them break the window and run
away with the silverware, but he was too
paralyzed by the daring of the act to give
an alarm in time.
Detectives Regan and O'Connell of the
local force learned Friday that a young
man had been trying to sell a lot of sil
verware cheap at Sixth and Howard
streets in two places. They got a good
description of the man and notified police
headquarters. Morse's- men got a clew
about the same time, and yesterday Cal
lundan and Cleary saw Donnelly with the
satchel at Market and Powell streets and
at once placed him under arrest. They
are now searching for Donnelly's com
panion.
When arrested Donnelly was carrying
a satchel containing all the silverware
stolen from' the window, consisting" of
12 teaspoons. 12 tablespoons. 11 coffee
spoons, 12 dessert forks, 12 icecream
spoons, 12 dessert knives, 12 medium sized
knives, 12 butter knives. 1 soup ladle, 1
gravy ladle, 1 fish knife, 1 salad spoon
and fork and carving set. The lot is val
ued at $275. and Donnelly had been offer
ing to sell it for $40.
One of the two men who broke the
plate glass window in the store of W. K.
Vandersliee & Co., jewelers, 136 Sutter
street, last Wednesday night was arreste-l
yesterday about noon at Market and
Powell streets by Captain Callundan and
Detective Cleary of Morse's agency and
booked at the City' Prison on a charge of
burglary. He gave the name of John
Smith, but was later recognized as John
Donnelly, who was a hanger-on at a sa
loon at Sixth and Clara streets.
Who Robbed Vander
slice's Window.
Detectives Capture Man
Cross - Examines Wit
nesses at Preliminary
Hearing.
KING ASSISTS
HIS ATTORNEY
CATCH BURGLAR
WITH PLUNDER
Fat Job for Mr. Bobb.
W. H. Robb, a Civil War veteran, has
been taken from the eligible list and ap
pointed a guarding inspector at $3 per
day. Mr. Robb is now employed as a ma
chinist in the navy-yard at Mare Island
at $4 per day, and Collector Stratton is
doubtful whether he will. accept the po
sition offered. .. .': ¦ . 1
The crime was caused by the disappear
ance of a .dog- which, belonged to Fla
herty's wife. She claimed that she had
lost the animal in Umland's saloon and :^o
informed Flaherty, who went to the sa
loon, demanding the animal on pain, of
death to all in the saloon. Roller jumped
from" his chair^to prevent trouble and
grabbed hold of Flaherty, who fatally
shot him, afterward firing a shot at Um
land. •'. '
The case was called at 11 . o'clock yes
terday morning, when Judge Cook
charged the jury. That- body retired
about 11:30 .o'clock, and. the Judge an
nounced that he would return at 2:30.
as the jurors said they expected to reach
a verdict without going out to lunch. The
Judge returned at the time mentioned and
was notified that the jury . had agreed.
The Judge took His seat on the bench, but
the -defendant's attorney, Frank J. Mur.
phy; was not;present. After/waiting- for
nearly half an hour the Judge instructed
Attorney Taylor, to represent the de
fendant and the jury was brought into
court. ¦ ¦ - • * • •" /¦¦¦'"
The foreman, Walter. Dean, after the
names had been called, rose and handed
to the clerk a. paper containing the ver
dict, which was passed to the Judge and
by him returned to the clerk and read.
The jury was. then polled and discharged.
It was understood that on the first bal
lot six stood for hanging.
The jury in the case of Thomas G. Fla
herty, charged '. the murder J of Fred
erick H. Roller I in William Umland's sa
loon, 311 Franklin street, on the night of
January 28, after being , out for ! about
three hours' yesterday, *broug"ht in a ver
dict of murder in the r first -degree, with
the penalty of- imprisonment for life. The
defendant, when he heard ;the verdict,
bowed his head and broke down utterly.
He was led from the courtroom weeping
bitterly.^:-.'. -. ' r .. ¦ [ •$.};>¦ , : ' ¦" .;• '- ' ¦ ' '"
Prisoner Breaks Down and
Is Led Weeping From
Courtroom.
Jury Finds Him Guilty
of the Murder of.
Roller.
PRISON FOR LIFE
FLAHERTY'S FATE
Mary C. McKInney's petition for a writ
prohibiting the Board of Education' from
taking any /further steps in | attempting
to place her on trial .for incompetency
was denied hy^ the Supreme Court yester
day. Miss McKinney claims that a trial
as proposed will be illegal.
Teacher Is Denied Writ.
t The Tonopah , Extension . Mining Com
pany .was incorporated, yesterday with (a
capital stock of $500,000. ' The directors
and the amounts', they have subscribed
are: M. N. Solomon/ $550; Ralph Norton,
$550; W. H. Harrison; $550; C. J.JHasman,
$550; M. F. Smith, $100: A. B. Harrison,
$100, and D. E. Alexander, $100. ,
Will Extend Tonopah District.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Spring medicine to purity the blood. Consti
pation. Biliousness. Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
Thomas Hall of 947 Bates street. In
dianapolis. Ind., has written to Mayor
Schmitz , requesting him to send a tele-'
gram to the Sheriff at Redding telling
him to proceed to a peak between Red
Bluff and Dunsmuir, Cal. Hair says he
will find a 'gang of non-union machinists
who are wanted for murder in that local
ity. Hall says he. has proof of it and
wants the men held until he arrives here.
Mayor Schmitz thinks the letter was writ-,
ten by some crank. ;
"Wants Alleged Murderers Held.
from "The -Singing Girl." There will be
other features that will swell the pro
gramme. The prices of admission ' will
be $2, $150, $1 and 50 cents. The money
taken in will be forwarded east and added
to the fund devoted to the care and main
tenance, of aged and helpless members of
the theatrical proefssion.
Normal School Trustees Meet.
A" meeting of the board of trustees of
the State Normal School afSan. Fran
cisco was held yesterday afternoon in the
office or the secretary. Henry G. W.
Dlnkelspiel. The members present were
Chairman S. C. . Denson. F. • A. Hyde,
State Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk and
Secretary Frank E. Thompson. Frederick
G. Athearn was elected to the" faculty for
the ensuing year and Miss Stella Hunt
lngton was elected librarian. . The faculty
and employes of the 1 normal -. school for
the ensuing year as now constituted will
consist of the following: Frederic Burk,
president; Jean Parker. Frank F. Bunker,
Percy Davidson, Walter J.Kenyon, E. B.
McFadden, Alma Patterson, F. E. Thomp
so"n,: F. ¦ G. ' Athearn, Estelle Carpenter,
E\-a A: Levy: Stella Huntington, libra
rian; Katherine Hussey; secretary to the
president; Hugh Higgins and Sarah Gor
don, janitors. . ;,;> ',] '
Beklns Van and Storage Co. will .move
your goods and store them. Phone Main 1840. •
Wanted, for Embezzlement.
F. S. Voedef eld of the Pacific Advertis
ing Company, secured a warrant yester
day for the- arrest of Clinton Harter on
the charge of. felony; embezzlement. He
alleges that Harter, who was formerly
empldyed by the company, collected $70
from an advertiser last January and
failed : to turn over the amount to tho
company, i
member" of the alcazar stock company who will take
part in the benefit entertainment next. thursday in
AID OF THE ACTORS' Ho.JE FUND. '
Mayor Schmitz Speaks His Welcome
/? to Union of Steam and Elec-''
trical Engineers.
: The International Union of Steam and
Electrical* Engineers. Local No. 64, gave
its first grand ball last nignt at Elntracht
Hall, on Twelfth street, near Howard.
; During the •evening Fire Commissioner
Parry made a little speech; thanking Lo
cal. No. 64 for the confidence it had ever
reposed in him and congratulating it on
the stand it had ever taken . with the
unions. •
Mayor Schmitz arrived about 11:30 p.
m., accompanied by Abe Ruef, his private
secretary, and others. He 'was' introduced
by A. H. Ewell, treasurer of, the union, r
The Mayor regretted that he had^been
unable to be in time to lead the grand
march, but he had promised to be present
and had come at that late hour' to be
with them for a few minutes. -
The pledges he had made to the people
before his election he intended to 'keep.
He thought that -so. far he had. cast: no
odium on the' office and he meant to con
tinue to carry out his duty. as-long as he
should sit in the Mayoral chair and prove
that an ordinary laboring man could carry
out the desires of apeople as well as the
merchant or millionaire. 1 . j • •;. ,. ¦¦-¦_:¦ . .
He had been the people's friend before
his election and he wished them .to under
stand that' he ; should continue to be so
now that he was Mayor. • " .
The following are the officers of Local
No. 64:/ ¦. ', "¦'> ¦: ¦;..¦-•¦. :
President: "vVilliam J. Holman ;,, vice
president, Gharles Lovie; treasurer, A. H.
Ewell; financial ; secretary. " L. 'Honey
baum; recording secretary, J. P. Henning;
conductor, James McLaughlin;-sergeant-'
at-arms, William Kiuuery; committee of
arrangements— A. H. Ewell,' J. P. Nelson
Charles Lovie. J. P. Magee, Thomas, Con
nors; floor manager, J. P. Magee; assist
ant, D. O'Brien; floor, committee— R. c
George, f I. ¦ O. Crosscup, G. F." Richards '
H.' Hill, James White: reception commit
tee—J.J. Murphy. William Jones, ' C P
Bockins, R.' White and C. Murry. ""
FIRST GRAND BALL
AT EINTRACHT HALL
n the Actors', Fund i Home. The
programme will be one of the . best ever
given in this city. The members of the
profession have- gladly volunteered their
services to aid this worthy cause. . The
advance sale of ' seats will open Monday
at the Columbia Theater. Advance or
ders have already been received which
Insure a crowded house. " The perform
ance will begin promptly at 1 o'clock; and
will. continue until 5 p.;mij
. Maxine . Elliott and Nat Goodwin will
appear in behalf ; of the Columbia Thea
ter; the Alcazar .company: will present a
clever turn; the, Neill company will make
a bid for popular favor; tile Central The
ater will be represented- by- charming
Georgie Cooper and other members of~the
cast; the Orpheum will send overman ag
gregation of clevetiartists; the Tivoll will
send its comedy trio, Hartman, Webb and
Cashman, and they ' will give a scene
Benefit for Actors' Fund Home Promises to
Surpass Those Heretofore Held.
HE - theaters , in -'¦ San Francisco
r : -will- be well represented next
\\t Thursday ; afternoon? at the big
H. ,benefit entertainment : in aid of
THEATRICAL FAVORITES
TO AID WORTHY CAUSE
28
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,v ¦^vM 1 -'^
Special Sale of
Muslin Underwear.
Monday will be THE event of JE&L
interest in our. basement sales- >vl*§l
room — we will have another one iJ&v?
of those muslin underwear sales, ffi88g$%
and if you hive ever attended one /m^IP^
you" Know the great /alues to be ({^*^v\\
had. Three thousand garments , »^ \ I
will be placed on sale; they are It W<fy I
new and fresh and are of standard .'J$ . ltfJj&R\
quality, liberally cut and attract- *^^sf' • i S§wWra«>>'
ively trimmed, made by white la- r^^]^^^^^ •
bor, purchased by us for cash,
which mean. 7 , a big saving to you.
Don't miss this sale. -«r . ,. -.
Muslin Gowns Muslin Skirts .
A choice of fifteen different A dozen pretty styles, cut full with
styles, high or low cut neck with neat embroidery and lace trimmings,
square or V shape; trimmed with some with seve ral rows of lacein-
lace or embroidery; others with lace ser tion; at fully a savins of one-
ruffles and hemstitching; the ma- ] ia jf " - .
terial alone in many of the gowns OSc $1.OO $1:25 $1.S5 $1.65
would cost you more than the gar- JS»1.05 $2.25. ' '
ment complete: the sale prices are r« l • ? n "¦ *
4Sc 75c 95c $i,oo $i.io torsel toyers
$1.— 5 $1.73. Good for wear with summer shirt
Muslin Drawers waists, six styles to. choose from, full
_, . ,. gathered fronts, French seams.
These prices are a big saving on dainty lace and embroidery trim-
home sewing; you can buy them mings.sizes 32 to 44, prices
more cheaply than you can make 23c .*{5c 50c' OOe 75c.
them, and think of the saving of t.t,.«.^_» m t t
work. Some of the garments have WODlCn S H0US2 Wrappers
deep ruffles of embroidery. while oth- In the basement salesroom • 50
ers are variously trimmed with in- dozen wrappers in percale and flan-
sertion, lace, embroidery and clusters nelette, light and dark colors, full
of fine tucks; prices according to flounce ruffle at bottom of skirt,
the qualities. sizes 32 to 46. $1.50 value for . '
25c 35c 4Sc 50c 60c 75c I 75c.
& 0. S)av/s & Co
GonSeary St and Grant Ctve.
The German Expert Optician
Is Supported by the Press
of San Francisco.
"The Monitor" Shows lip
the Dishonest Methods
of a Rival,
All the leading newspapers have ral-
lied to Mr. George Mayerle's assist-
ance in the annoying circumstances
which have been forced upon him.
CAIXS IT PIBACY.
The Monitor, the leading Catholic
newspaper of the Pacific Coast, in its
issue of May 3d, on page 97, says: "An
instance of business piracy unparal-
leled in this city's commercial history,
whereby an attempt was made to rob
an enterprising optician of the fruits of
his intelligence and experience, has
come to light. The offended party, is
George Mayerle of 1071 Market street,
whose ability in his profession has won
for him the public encomiums of men
enjoying the highest positions in the
country. . Mr.. Mayerle, Jj by reason of
his honesty and skill, has won a large
and rapidly increasing clientele. His
success attracted the envy of certain
parties, who secured a store next door
to Mr. Mayerle's, and, by making its
appearance very similar to \ his, con-
fused a number of persons. The firm
that used this contemptible means of
winning success styles itself 'Mayerle
& Co.' It has absolutely no connec-
tion with the optical institute conduct^
ed by George Mayerle, the number
«jpf 'whose establishment is 1071 Market
street. Those who intend visiting the
latter's establishment should, to avoid
mistakes, look for the full name.;
George Mayerle. and a crown , on
every .window; also the number, 1071."
Don't act on impulse! :-. Don't! buy
Shoes just anywhere— just because they happen
to be $3. 5O in price. :
J£ Most $3.5O Shoes are "made simply to
$p::< sell.V uMost stores carry a- few sorts just
{m rf toishow arid then lead^you up to >av$5 OO
a!8^> Shoe. T here; prof it j ies ; so does the shoe.
Walk-Overs for men and women are the
finest Shoes and Oxfords $3.50 (or even $5.00)
will buy anywhere— finer. j - -
Put them beside any Shoe you ever saw—
they're right up to top-notch in style—
far and away ahead of- most of them. Ws $k\
Cut them -ODenvif you like— what §~ft
leather ! and liningsll v and inside fihfsh I r^f 'Jt
What careful making throughoutl Noth- E^fe
j n g t o . h id e— b u t a gr a a t man y goo d jd b i n t s -*^IS
that only come out in the wear/r
pair full of distinc- (J> >^ C jTi
tion! ™ *£'^\J
All the newshapes are now Never-
in— over 80 styles. ( • \^ /,Less.
• Why pay Five and Six Dollars? ;
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
tfhSfl'^lf;' ,924 ? 6 Market Street.'.'. : SSA
DOMESTIC
DEPARTiVlENT.
CURTAINS, PORTIERES,
COMFORTERS and BED SPREADS
VERY LOW PRICES.
-. 500 PAIRS FINE LACE CURTAINS in IRISH POINT
¦; RENAISSANCE and COLONIAL NET, Wnite, Cream anl
¦ '- ¦-'- Arabian' colors. All with fast lockstltGh edges.
$3.50 Pair
V SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
50 PAIRS FRINGED TAPESTRY PORTIERES In a
good assortment of colorings, full length and width.
10 CASES SILKOLINE COMFORTERS, full Size and
rpnre white snowflake filling. .
SI.OO Each
% A CASES FULL SIZE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS,
. white and colored,
$2.50 Each 0;;
SPECIAL.
100 PIECES 36-INCH WHITE CURTAIN MUSLIN in '
dots, small figures and lace stripes.
IOc Yard
50 PIECES .40-INCH CURTAIN MUSLIN In White and
colors, all fancn designs.
2Oc Yard
M AIL ORDERS Dromptly and carefully executed and samplss
forwarded free to any address. . ¦,
UK" 113 115 I1T J19 121 FOST STREET: » ; ' '
? This- wagon. will; carry six of. your friends. We have them that will ij
I j£ carry nine.. Our display of country club wagons is complete. !;
1 *f Ask for 1962- catalo~gu~es.~" 2
$TUl>ERAKEHT$liOS. f PMMNY
> , Market and ioth Streets. San Francisco. ." tt
THE J. N00NAN FURNITURE CO., Inc."
Carload fine Golden Oak Finish Sideboards Just In". New patterns and de-
signs. We have on^he way several carloads of Curly Birch. Mahogany and
Golden Oak Finish Chamber Suites, and some odd pieces of the same suites all
. at marvelously low figures. The most stunning effects In furniture of every *de- •
scrlptlon and the prices cannot be duplicated anywhere on the Pacific Coast
AVe. furnish, your house, complete from drawing-room to kitchen. Come In and
examine and see the prices.
f WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING-WE . PAY NO - RENT.
, Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOON AN FURNITURE CO.. /« c .
' IOI 7-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
WE CLOSE AT 6 P. M. EVERY DAY EXCEPT. SATURDAY.
FIVE DOLLAR I DIREfiTOT? Y
m&§&^\ ELECTRIC BELT
*Wm0B$ f &. Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
' f| rui currS?. ula^t«mm: on.- Application. .
provementa. ¦: It cures ~ " ~~~ . - ... .
' . ¦SvfF- •" without- medicine. Not • COAL. COKF AND Plfi IROV
told by agents or druggists.- No discounts. . „ _„"„ - ¦ " a^.
Free by mail on receipt of price. Circular* J. f. WIT SON fe fft 90 ° B»« e r? f^t.
free, f A«k for the "Dr. : Alden Electric" . • V " IL<3W W tt LU-. Telephone Mala 1*84.
. Belt." Call or address -th» PIERCB T~ : r- — '
ELECTRIC CO., 2OO Post, st.,; S. F. FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
¦^"^^™ l^^^^™™^™™™™^""™™ 1 ™™ 1 '^^"™""" IAQ RAVCC Jt Cfk Shipping Butchers, 104
¦¦¦-••; fc — — — — : — — JA5- DV I tb (i LU day; Til. Mala XS»%.
•^ WONfi WOO 0ILS -
¦P^S* , VllU "" J * LCBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELU\
CHINESE TEA AND^HERB 41S ¦*"« rt - a F - Phoa * M<Utt ma - (
PfU / SANITARIUAl. PRINTING. ..-,.
. J^^ _ 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal'. E- C KUGnES. «i £5E2."2:. a. ,.
"SK^vjT^v^ A ll diseases cured • ¦ ~—
fJIfWWWr.'-: A exclusively by Chinese PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS .
herbs, over 3000 varieties being; used. Hours, THE HICKS-JCDD CO
»:30 to 11 a. m:. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m; ... n Flnt .trMt. Saa rru dlM ,
mW ttf^ H^^"^^V^ $L^^*^b *m^^^^\
„ v SHORT,
£«r p - UP-TO-DATE SHAPE, r We
Fitted. STRAIGHT FRONT EFFECT. J^' 13
All Corsets' BLUE, DRAB and PINK, Verg
Are sizes 19 to 24 Finest
Correctlu ia^, p -*&_ Line
Fitted M h if PTQ of
\ Before Theg € eI ii High
ment. No \ in
Charge, ThlS Week. America.
| All Corsets Fitted by Mrs. Wright.
Chester F. Wright
\ 6 Geary Street, Cor. Kearny, 1
UPSTAIRS. I IExcursion; to '. the - Mountain.
There will'be" a' large excursion to Mount
Tamalpals • over j, the zigzag "railroad Mon-'
"day. ' " Several *; trains >will V accommodate
the excursionists/ who'; will f make - the : trip
at ¦ reduced ratesr including, a, meal at »the
¦ tavern: on the mountain- peak.'; > > -; . .
Comfort Vf of ¦Worthy, Girls.
During, the last _ f ew^weeks the co-opera
tive ;. homes i for vworthy 'working ' girls, •; lo
cated I at , 648 ¦ Folsom street and at 4 and/ 5
Vienna /place,'/ have < been' improved ; - con
siderably.-as f far; as comfort Is ; concerned '
The homes - have : been the '; recipient , of
many; valuable; donations., for. which the
management ?.' offers '. its - sincere r thanks. ¦
"- Special Dispatch to The Call.
l LOS ANGELES, May 3.— At 7:30 o'clock
this a serious rear-end . collision
occurred Jon . the Pasadena and Los
geles Electric Railway between .this city
and. Pasadena In .which; at: least a dozen
persons were injured, half of .that num
ber ; severely.' > The impact was so great
that ; both cars ', were < badly , damaged and
the- wonder:, is- that no .one was killed:
Some of . ; the : victims of the wreck are ' so
badly Injured that fears are* felt for their
recovery."' , ;t . ':''.{ ¦ ¦.¦;.'.,•:..:...¦¦"¦•¦ *¦•.. ;
. The ; .Injured, so far as ; known, : are ; as
follows : VAdolph- Wolf, South Pasadena
feet and .' leg -, crushed ; -Mrs. - Marcus - A •
Hall,- Pasadena, nose -broken,' face badly
contused/knee broken;, Marcus- A. Hall
Pasadena,'; head -and 'face badly, cut; | Mrs:
May,. Altman,: 127 'Eastv Thirty-second
street,' Los 'Angeles, lef t . leg broken ; Roy
B. -Stephens,'- Postmaster,- South- Pasa
dena, : severely i cut - over left eye; > G. ¦ S.
Barrett, - 576 - North • Los I Robles -¦. avenue'.
Pasadena,- -face- badly "cut; '.Motorman
Hutchins - of car No. - 83/ leg , cu t ; - conduc-
Dozen Persons Badly
Hurt: in Southern
California.
ELECTRIC CARS
IN COLISION
tor, name unknown, riding into Los Ange
les, knee badly cut; Mrs. Stebblns/-:resi
dence unknown, badly, bruised.'. -,v ' 1, ;
The accident .•¦occurred, on ,a 'reverse
curve on a; down-grade between the two
cities. The- Incoming car slipped its trol
ley and was brought to. a sudden stop.'.AH
the lights.: became extinguished, and'the
conductor was .attempting, to .replace : the
trolley when I an { outward-bound car going
around the curve plunged into the rear of
the other. ." ; T. v •¦":"*'¦*¦'.;*'• ¦ i" ' : ', '•¦ ' ; . • ' : . .".
¦ .Thev passengers, in i the darkened; car
were ; thrown' from ¦ their ."feet, and show
ered with broken -glass: Someiwere caught
in the wreckage, and although assistance
arrived almost immediately ft -was .some
time -before they could be removed. ! Both
of the' cars were heavily. loaded with pas
sengers going*'. to and ffrom Los Angeles
on acountr of : the fiesta celebration." ;:';.'-
Manager Smith of the road does riot ilay
the blame on any of the employes, ' saying
that : the slipping* of: the trolley 1 * was^no
one's fault and the motorman on the out
going car, was not at fault on. account of
the darkness of. the one ahead.' . The most
seriously i Injured /was A. i Wolf, I but -the
extent of. his injuries cannot be stated>to
nlght.;.Others of; the, Injured were cared
for at the s Pasadena hospital. : -
Master Builders! Demand That XTnion
' -¦ No.V 483" Sever Connection 'jWith ; :
¦..-•;¦' : ' ; Labor^'Couni^.^.', . / -
j The Master. Builders have" issued an .ulti
matum to CarpentersViUnlon,'483.' demand
ing , that that : union withdraw Its affiliation
with the L.abor Council and affiliate itself
exclusively "-'" with =' the"? Building .'tTrades!
CARPENTERS y REQTJESTED >¦ TO K t
Schoolgirl Buns Away.
L'i Fearing . her ; mother's . anger. Hazel
Bernhard, .a- schoolgirls aged; 11-, years,
who resides with 'her. parents 'at " ; 9 Twen
tieth ' street/ - ran '¦ away from"; home : . and
school Friday "and sought | refuge - In ' Red
wood 'City.' :TheilittIe;glrrs'*conduct was
.riot » up :,to * standard -required J in- the
Halght-street ':¦ School, v. ; so her * teacher,
Miss •" Sweeney, gave" her-* a ' note ¦ to take
home * to - her ,. mother? ; , The / note v. was to
have been * countersigned. - When Hazel
appeared In.: school Friday^; without' the
¦note-.she: was -'sent. home/- but instead of
obeying j orders Mih« t started f or . Red wood
' City.'- i She : haa ¦ been returned . to- her home.:
Special <¦ Dispatch to': Th« ¦ Call.
: CALL.ii BUREAU/- 1406 = G '. STREET, -. N'S
W., WASHINGTON.- May, 3.— Advices Ire-,
eel ved ¦ from f Santo' Domingo \by * the Jde-'
partmeritjthis morning show that the con
dition 5 of affairs l has ' grown % more : alarm
ing.' Mr.) Powell, -*the j American Minister,
to /Santo*' Domingo,'; thought "It .would -be
advisable to have .' a warship ,' at ¦ hand ' to
properly protect 'American interests. 7 The
Cincinnati has 'been.' ordered 1 to reiwrt 1 to
Mr. Powell. %, -V .¦ :;>'• '? r- - , ' ,
Cincinnati to
. Protect
. './., Interests.^.
CRUISER WILL GO
TO SAN DOMINGO
Mrs. Flood Accused of
Mistreating Her
Little Boy.
Nome agent of the Ames Mercantile Com
pany. He has been paying; her alimony
through his employers for two years, but
some days ago she received a note from
Mr. Ames, saying that Flood's account
was overdrawn and he would be com
pelled to discontinue the. payment to her.-
Her former husband and his brother.
James Flood, were principals in a sensa
tional suit some years ago. by which
Macondray & Co., the importers, sought
to recover a large amount of money from
the Flood Bros., who were their agents
in Japan. Mrs. Flood spent many years
In the Orient, and her boy was born In
Japan. • She says that three . years ago
her husband shot her in the chest in New
York, and that she has been subject to
sinking spells ever since. She claims that,
her arrest is due to the machinations of
her former husband and his brother.
HEAVY FINE IMPOSED ON
CAPTAIN CHBISTENSON
Mrs. Flood is the divorced wife of
George Flood, who until recently was the
According to Officer McMurray, the
¦woman is not a proper person to 1iave
the custody of the boy. She is alleged to
be addicted to drink and in other ways
to set a bad example to a child ot" such
tender years. Her appearance at the
priRo:i -tended to corroborate the flret
charge against her. "
She was expensively gowned and the
boy was carefully dressed and well cared
for as far as appearances went. He said
his mamma was always good to him, and
he appeared deeply attached to her. Mrs.
Flood Indignantly denied that she had
ever mistreated or neglected the boy and
eaid that she had never-, even spoken a
cross word to him.
Mrs. Alice Flood was arrested yester
day at her home at 402 Jones street by
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children an<l
charged with cruelty to a minor child.
Bhe was lodged '~ the City Prison, and
her son. Bruce P. Flood, seven years of
age and i manly little fellow, was booked
for a public Institution.
Captain Christensoh,. master, of ' the
American - schooner Winchester, arrived
from Apia' recently with a cargo of : co
pra; but neglected to obtain a certificate
of health. For this neglect a fine of J5000
was imposed in accordance^ with' the Re
vised Statutes. Customs Collector Strat
ton held up the' schooner for the fine, and
Captain Christenson was In a salt-water
stew - trying to explain that he had . not
intended to break the law. and . even had
not -been aware, that- such a law was In
existence. Actuated' by the $5000, scare,
the captain pleaded that the fine be re
mitted and solemnly promised, that -never
again ' would he forget his certificate 'of
health. • .. • . • .' ; . ;,-^^^:.. .
The Collector has sent on .to /Washing
ton on laehalf' of Christenson -an, appeal
from his action . in imposing the fine... -
Master of Winchester Must '.Pay
$5000 for Failing to Get Health
. Certificate.
JOHORE'S SULTAN
IS THEIR GUEST
Vanderbilt Jr. Meet
Young Ruler.
Mr. and Mrs. William K.
PARIS. May 3 (special cable to the New
¦York World).— The Sultan of Johore, with
a party, of Americans, occupied a table
next to '.Mr. and Mrs. "W. K. Vanderbilt
Jr. at Paillard'3 fashionable restaurant
after 'the theater lately. Mutual friends
Introduced. the Sultan to the Vanderbilts.
and .the acquaintance proved exceedingly
pleasant to both sides.
The next day young Vanderbilt took the
Sultan out riding in his famous automo
bile, and they afterward dined together
on the island on the Bois de Boulogne
lake. The Sultan has now invited Mr.
and Mrs. .Vanderbilt to make a long stay.
In India, promising extraordinary elephant
and tiger hunting.
Mrs. .Vanderbilt (formerly Virginia Fair)
accepted the invitation enthusiastically.
and her ; husband • said his father un
doubtedly would lend hl3 steam yacht
Valiant to convey the party to Bombay.*
Marchioness of Headfort a , Mother.
LONDON. May 3.— The Marchionesa of
Headfort, formerly Hiss Rosle Boote ot
the "Florodora"- company, has given
birth to a son- Both are doing wtlL ¦;;.•
fear, ! of » the world. •
REFERS " TO ~\ : RHODES', \ WILL.
> I Jwas' struck very much whenil read the ac
count, of the will of the great Englishman. Cecil
Rhodes, upon observing he had made provision
¦ In that document for the continuous life of two
Americans In the great English university, Ox
ford, in order that : they; might be Agllcized. . I
-should have thought a great deal more of Cecil
Rhodes'. will' if he had provided in his will that
there should come every year an; equal number
of: Englishmen, to be educated In the American
university. ; (Laughter.and applause.) ..
I have a strong faith in the power, of Ameri
can education. I have the greatest distrust o£
foreign education. ,So far as my -personal ex
perience'goes I have never : known, an". Ameri
can educated abroad,' and particularly in -.Eng
land i who did. not .come .homes. with,' English
: notions and English' habits. . and who was not
constantly in the habit, as they say, of turn
ing'up the bottoms: of his < trousers whenever
"it rains -In London. '.: I do not know what is
'going to-be the resultof that scheme, -but If
it. is to result : in . the union of -the English
speaking races, Mr. President, it wlll.be when
we 'have annexed Great lirltaln (laughter),: and
Great. Britain . shall: be seeking .admission to
the Congress of 1 this tountry- and to enjoy the
1 blessings | and »the « benefits .of \ American Gov
ernment. (Laughter and applause.) We are fast
coming to that 'condition, of things. : The:Col
lector of | the 5 Port has ! spoken ' of the growth
. of our tonnage, of the extent of our. commerce,
andlndeed there. Is something- marvelous ' in. it.
The infinite, resources of -this great 'nation of
ours, are still: in their . lnrancy.' - This ; is be
coming the creditor nation of the world.-build
ing railways In London; building- ships that are
• destined to ' can-y ¦ the commerce ¦ of the j world,
/and. 'on every side becoming the exponent of -the
-power 'of the greatest. people on the*face of the
- globe. ¦: France has .thirty-eight ,- millions of
people;, Germany, has a few more ; England'has
•more,- but here, upon this contlnent.-so sparsely
settled that one settler can't, shout, loud enough
• to be heard'.by his neighbor — in a State 'like
ours. .;' where ' there ", are' about three people ; to
the square .mile— we have seventy-five millions
of; people; destined in'. the ordinary progress of.
events to be : shortly • one hundred -millions and
I at ' last two hundred 'millions.: every -field »oc
! cupled. ..every acre, filled. '-.every "stream ¦turn
ing the' wheels : of manufacture. 1 ' every keel bear
ing its grain, and the great State of our adop
, tlon.;.Callfornia.f sending r forth- an increasing
production of,the .fruits, of ; the world, destined
to ' . become the ' great supply "of all - the : deciduous
and the other fruits \of the. nation,- not by one
railroaxT as . was stated .' the ; other night.* but." It
.will' take-. a dozen -railroads! coming- Into 5Cali
fornia. to • do Its 'business^ inside' of *. twenty
' years. ". (Applause.), 1 -.. t -. ; / -, ,,* •„-,>;..•
WANT ; MORE RAILROADS.
And no one. railroad, -nor even' two railroads
will be able to handle our business.- The Col
lector of the -Port, has told us that .within the
last five years there were -six 'great' steamshio
lines organized and- began business here whose
sails are whitening the waters- of the bay and
traveling to the east toward the- Orient - and
toward the south. .It. will not be ten years
before every one of the great trunk lines of
railway, in . the East , will have its oonnectlon
with-. California,, and. we shall have our State
swarming with railroads as the streets of Chi
cago, are occupied with a net of railways that
center^there from all over the. United States.
"•Our position is in many respects unfortunate,
because thereare. large stretches of desert land
yet to be irrigated, and yet I see- the Congress
man'from Nevada has already presented a plan
for .the . irrigation of that State by the storage
of waters,;, a. plan -"that .will make the valley
of . the Humboldt and the • great sagebrush
plains of that State, full of growth, life and
beauty.: Arizona." desolate as If has -been. Is
becoming filled with systems of irrigation, and
that, territory Is destined to become one -of
the- irreat producing centers of. all that tends
to make life better • and purer. How can we
begin to conjecture what shall - be . the ' future
of this country of ours? I shall not live to
see it, ¦ but there are young men at this. table
who if they live to the average of I human life
will see San Francisco a great central force,
not. merely of wealth, but of civilization and
education: j' who 'Will- live to see > not merely ¦ a
single light shining out here at the mouth of
this 'great bay of San Francisco * to . tell the
incoming sailor which way he shall, steer, his
bark, but there shall be . a- million -electric
lights blazing into the zenith and flashing with
electrical power and life the, great truth that
all ; Is well ' with California- and/ Indeed , this
whole; country. (Great applause.)
BESPECT. WILL- PREVAIL.
¦ There is a legend ¦ of- one .of.' the .Masonic
orders • that . a knight saw written upon the
heavens ."In this sign you shall conquer." We
can see : for the .American ' people, wherever
they -go, to^whateyer zone their power extends,
whether to the Arctic or to the equator," liberty,
the -rights of 'man, universal education, ¦ respect
for : God and- the home 'will' prevail; wherever
the 'American flag floats and wherever • Ameri
can law ' Is extended. ¦--. '.•. -. ..-:¦ ..-.• -. ; - ¦:
- iThe. enemies - of the -republic: are -making a
great fuss , just •'• now - because- : some. Filipinos
have had more .water than they were- used to,
holding the | President of ¦ the -.United j States re
sponsible , for ' it.- ;. And while ' they, admit what
has been. done it is the. same with the Demo
cratic party of to-»day, as it'.has always been.
They . find ; fault." but they make no suggestion
of anything which shall bring, about. a* better
condition of things.' The pejbple of the country
understand Mt.-. .The- efforts' that are, made in
Congress to • Involve the Republican party and
the- administration- -in difficulties- will prove
futile ' and the .prophecies, of. evil that • these
hooting owls Indulge in "will come 'to' naught
and! firmly, believe 1 in.thla- next Presidential
campaign ¦ the Republican party will -not only
be- again triumphant, but the last sod will' be
placed and -the- last- gunfire -'will 'be; had over
the ¦ non-combatant '• Democrat. ¦¦ >J ¦ • ¦• ¦•¦ . • ' '
- 1 wish to say to our guests, the distinguished
Council.. .Carpenters' -Union 483 -has for a
lbng time maintained that It ; has' the right
to, connect,, itself -with whatever central
body It" may see fit. "' An appeal was taken
to " the carpenters' . national ' organiza
tion, and' "the- union was. sustained. ln ; its
assertion . of '.right. - ' The Building: Trades
Council; has ignored', the- decision; of- the
national' body, and is now attempting to
force the- union; Into line. ¦"' ' -<¦;'. -¦¦¦¦¦
-The . ultimatum Is . as follows :
r 'To, Local Union 483,- Brotherhood of Carpen
ters-" and- .Joiners .of ..Amertcarr-Gentlemen:
Please take notice : that /at -the meeting ' of : the
master, .builders of ' San Francisco, :• held i Satur
day .'evening, 'May* 3, C 1902, »the: result 'of the
vote', on ¦ the , resolutions - passed ..by : .thls , body
and -, submitted , to " the * ; different • carpenters'
unions.: of ..'San'. Francisco -for -their" action Is
as > follows:, ;By eighteen votes 'in ' favor of
unions ¦ belonging to both" the > Labor Council
and ' the Building : Trades . .Council -. and 1381
against, same. -Ton are- hereby "instructed that
It Is the request of this body that union No. 483'
withdraw Its 'affiliation -from -the -Labor Coun
cil! and 'affiliate exclusively -with • the • Building
Trades ' Council. '* A special -meeting 'of .this
body- will '.be held on -Tuesday, evening- at S
o'clock at the - Builders' Exchange. 40 Xew
Montgomery street. -to ; r«celve ; your : reply. ¦ and
pending said, meeting, the conditions will re
main ¦ as ' they, have been- during ' the past two
weeks. M. . C. : LYNCH.' President. ;
'WILLIAM CHATHAM.. Secretary. - ;v
Orators \ Arouse i Enthusiasm by Reference
to Recprd of Organization That
r - v Controls Government: > >
cast off the "shackles of slavery from the black
.man, although to'do so caused the best: blood
.'of the republic to be. shed. ; (Renewed cheers.)
. :PerhapS( T- have- digressed a little 'from the
toast that the toastmaster nas asked me to re
spond to, "The Future Prosperity of San
- Francisco, "j but what I have said has a bear
¦-Ing on the future prosperity of San ' Francisco,
jl believe that If we have good, clean politics in
• this city the future- of San -Francisco, and in
fact'- the future of the ; State of California,* is
assured." (Applause.) ;. ' ¦ ' .;
...I have been charged by '¦ some with being a
reformer. ' I want to disclaim being a reformer.
I: am not, but I stand for.whatis j»ure inpoll
* tics, : and; as- a free, Kepu bl i- -an ought i to stand ',
- against 1 that««I*menV which, Is'llkea parasite
- sucking. the blood from -not only.the'Republlcan
party but other parties— the. corrupt boss.'. -.That
I • am' -against, and while ..I'. disclaim being a
: reformer I .-will ever , be - against ¦ the corrupt
boss In politics; and every man who claims
• to 'be a Republican should do all he' can 'to
down that element in- the. party, and thereby
show the people of -this- city and the- State
that the Republican . party will . riot . in ' the,
future stand for it any longer. ' (Cheers.) As
long as the; party ; adheres to the principle
which has been ', put forth • by its champions
there can be no question of Its success. . I. feel
secure in stating, that in the next campaign,
with the experience we have had In the past,
'the Republican party will -achieve a great, vic
tory not only ' in ' San ' Francisco, but in the
State of California, j Gentlemen, I thank you.
, Applause.), ' .; .. • ,',
General .W. ,"H.' L. Barnes held! the. at
tention of the assemblage by his masterly
reply to the 'toast of "Our Guests.'.' Gen
eral Barnes did not mince matters in his
speech, and,. though he' gave small atten
tion to the subject matter to > which he
¦was asked to respond, his. views were-.the
cause of ..prolonged, and frequent- inter
ruptions of enthusiasm on the part of his
hearers. -In replying to the toast ot "Our
Guests" General Barnes said:
A FAMILY -GATHERING.
Mr.- President and Gentlemen of this League:
It is a very great pleasure, to be present hero
to-night. I feel as though we were having, a
little family gathering to enjoy again the mem
ories that constitute the heritage and the honor
of every man who has had the privilege, of in
scribing on his banner the history and the tra
ditions of the Republican-party.
! I must say.. Mr. President, that it Is rare that
I am summoned ¦ to my feet S ho . early In the
evening. " (Laughter.) -~ I am usually called In
about the twelfth or. the fifteenth. round to fight
to a finish. 1 .-(Renewed laughter.) ¦ I have been
a little appalled at the extent of the prepara
tion of the gentlemen who have 'preceded me,
and who unlike myself, have had days, weeks
and perhaps months for preparation, but he^is
a poor Republican whtf Is not ready on almost
any occasion to say something at. least, to those
who have tjeen with him In: so many struggles
for the success of the party and Its principles,
who have I witnessed so many of Its eplendld
victories and who are : the heirs of Its 'splendid
history.*' .'..'¦ J ¦ ¦¦-' '¦¦',' ¦'¦¦¦•;¦¦•:¦ .-'.•.*' ¦•¦*,-. -. ; ' '.¦ <*
It, is' said 'in '-the law. that no man can be the
heir.of the; living.- and yet- thfi- paradox is true
of us that we are the' heirs: of -the party, yet
young. • yet full of . life and energy -and victory,
that has written In letters of gold- upon* the
history of the. world the- record of this great re
public whose life, has just begun. ;....-.- ¦
-There Is no reason. why the Republican party
should not be Immortal.v Its history shows that
it has been placed. upon the broadest principles
of right andjustlce and truth in the adminis
tration of public affairs, . in • the conduct P of its
judicial system,, in its executive affairs,; in the
valor, of Its army and the prowess. of Its navy,
and it bears-its flag to-day with greater. glory,
with ' higher ; esteem, with respect. Indeed the
¦ SCENE AT .THE UNION. LEAGUE -BANQUET, AND SOME OF THE DIS
.; '¦"¦'¦ TINGUISHED MEMBERS AND GUESTS l \; WHO ENTERTAINED I THE \
'¦'¦'¦' GATHERING WITH SPEECHES. • : • ,
"i '/•¦'-.¦".¦-' '-''¦- •; -~i' - '. " . • ' •' .' '• .'• ' ¦
Health of President
Roosevelt Is
commerce and the business of this country.
¦\Vhen the war is over the army ceases to be
important, and i po long as that is the case
yon have nothing, I think, but good to expect
of it.
We have had two wars that probably have
not been quite so successful. In the whisky
war which you very seldom hear of. which
happened at the close of the last century, the
army got about half way to Mingo Creek or
Charter Valley in my old diftrict, and they
finally cave it up and concluded thry would
not go any further and stopped at Jlarrisburg.
In this last war we have got partly through,
and it' F«nn3 that the water has been In the
SCBTi >et us hope that the water will dry out
and this »Vr, like those we have had before It.
•will be puccessful in the end. I thank you for
rcur attention. (Applause.)
The toastmaster then proposed the toast
of the "United States Navy" and called
upon Rear Admiral Henry Glass to re
spond. Rear Admiral Glass in replying
said: •
SPEAKS OF GALLANTRY.
Mr. President and Gentlemen: I esteem It a
great honor to be called upon to respond to the
toast of the "Navy" before the Union League
Club, but I regret that the very short notice
given me has not .allowed me -to prepare ,re; ;
marks at 'all worthy of so important and inter
esting a subject as th£- navy ©t ..the -United
States.
I might speak of the gallantry 'and devotion
to duty shown by the men and officers of our
navy from the day when the American flag
•was first hoisted on board a vessel of war down
to the brilliant victories of Manila and San
tiago, the twp actions which In themselves
closed a war and established the United States
as a naval power of the first rank.
But the achievements of the navy are known
to the world and are recited with pride by the
youngest scholars in our broad, land. I may
claim, however, that the same high courage
and readiness for any duty that were shown by
Paul Junes, Decatur, Stewart, Perry and all
the long list of men who have given their lives
to the country's service in times of need, and
who have Illustrated some of the .brightest
pages of our history, actuate to-day the man
behind the gun. And he is as ready to respond
to the call of duty, whether serving in the bat
tleship or torpedo-boat, as he was in the glo
rious days when "Old Ironsides" met and van
quished her gallant foes. The traditions of the
old navy are cherished and kept alive by the
man of the forecastle as by him of the quarter
deck.
All our history tells us of the actions in
which our ships have engaged and of the cour
age and endurance In the course of duty of the
men who served in them. but. outside of the
navy, far too little is known of the men who
designed and built those ships to carry our flag
tc victory, or sometimes to defeats as glorious
as any victory. How they did their work and
what the country owes to them I will try to
recount briefly In the time allotted me this
evening.
- The history of the building of our navy may
be broadly divided into three great periods, In
each of which have American vessels compared
ship to ship more than favorably with those ot
the leading naval powers of the world. . First
came the era of the great sailing frigates — the
Constitution. United States. Constellation —
whose models led the world In grace' ancl
beauty, and whose superior gunpowder made
them more than a match for any ships of their
class afloat. These vessels for sea-gotng quali
ties have never been surpassed and they were
the forerunners of the famous American clipper
nhrps. Then came -.a transition period, -when
efforts were made, and successfully for the
time', to combine the new power. ' steam, with
the graceful equipment of the full-rigged sail
ing ship, and 1858 saw the American flag car
ried by the Wabash. Merrimac and others that
were aptly designated by an able British writer
as battleships in the disguise of frigates.
DESIGNERS LEAD THE WORLD.
Again had American designers and ordnance
officers led the world In. the type of 6hips put
afloat and armed by our country. --And as Imi
tatloln is the sincerest form of flattery we may
recall with pride that the great naval powers of
Europe hastened to build . vessels as nearly
equal to them as possible. - • *
With the civil war in 1861 there was seen
at once the need of vessels of a new and more
powerful type to meet the conditions of that
time, and the Monitor, the typical mastless
General Barnes Says
Party Must Be
Unified.
Ironclad, was' produced by the genius of John
Erlckson and the skill of American mechanics.
And well was she^ named the Monitor, as
she taught to all nations a new chapter in the
building of warships and a revolution In ship
designing was made. From the day when she
met the Merrlmac. in Hampton Roads and
checked her career of destruction. 1 no vessel
of war has been commissioned under any flag
whose construction and arrangement of^battery
have not been largely Influenced by the achieve
ments of the -•'cheese box on a raft." as the
Monitor was at first somewhat contemptuous
ly styled. • . ¦ . .. -
•At the close of the civil war. the United
States had In commission the most , efficient
fleet in the world for the special purposes for
which It had bsen created, but then for many
years the navy stood still, and to stand" still
was to recede from the proud position we l^eld
until our country was about the twentieth In
rank among nations maintaining a naval force.
Vessel after vessel' was sold, or worn -out -In
the service assigned and dropped from the
list. until we. had me bare skele
ton ot a - -navy. The old castlron
guns that had. been heard at Mobile, Charleston
and Fort Fisher were' gradually rusting away
in our navy, yards, or at best serving for drill
purposes and in keeping alive tb« feeling of
readiness to do any and ¦ all duty demanded
of men and .of fleers. . .-v ;-
But, gentlemen, -'our country is, and must
always be, a- naval power, and all Americans
•love jth«» navy, and are proud of* Its, history.
We who. in, the. dark days from 1S66 to 1886,
had often to 'apologize for the character of the
ships representing the country on foreign sta
tion*, knew, that the time most come when
we wouM. again be serving -in ships In -which
we could feel all a seaman> pride. -ships that
would carry-.. the flag with honor, and challenge
the admiration or the world. *•'•-. ••••¦ >•., 'tftZ-r?-
In the .meantime; the men and A efJJe*raix>/ the
navy. did the duty that came to them.. growl-
Jng..at -tlmee. 1 as -sailors must, but preparing
themselves for. the better time coming. - - :-\- .
' -.At last 'the', day of battleships and powerful
cruisers dawned for us and again the Ameri
can, designer and shipwright were ready for
the new conditions. At first we were content
to purchase . abroad a few plans of ships that
had been successful and to duplicate them, with
many • improvements that were at once» sug
gest**!.. but that time was, soon past and the
American naval constructor designed the Ore
gon and her class, vessels which at once placed
us in the:front rank in shipbuilding and which
for their tonnage have not yet been equalled
b 5.. a r y j nntlol> - " These vesse 's were at first
criticized as having too many and too heavy
guns, leading 1 characteristics of American men
of-war of the past, and, as being deficient- In
speed;/ how ill-Judged were such criticisms waa
shown at Santiago.
We have- not .been content, however, to fol
low a. beaten track, easy and sure of success
as it might seem, and the motto of the service
has been "Onward and upward." - The works
on the shore of San Francisco Bay that sent
the Oregon on her career of success under every
trial,^ and at .last to victory. Is now building
for the country ships as superior to her In all
round efficiency, as that splendid vessel was to
the double ;turreted monitor of 1864. And the
designs of .those ships are as carefully studied
of y i79 r 8lnd"%8! "^ gfe$% the »^«'»
In speaking -of the navy, then let us re
member with honor the American naval con
structor and ; the American, skilled mechanic
who have given to the men afloat the ships that
have carried our flag to victory; ships that will
always -be a. sure defense for the honor and
security of our country. ,
¦Major Eugene E. Schmitz received an
ovation when called upon- to speak to the
toast of "San Francisco and Her Future "
T he remarks of the Mayor were frequent
ly Interrupted by applause, and there was
long and hearty cheering when he fin
ished his address. In replying to the
toast Mayor Schmitz said:
SPEAKS OF ELECTION.
¦ Mr.^Toastmaster and fellow Republicans (ap-
I Incidentally stated to a friend of 'mine
this afternoon that I was coming to this'- ban-*
quet . thU ¦ evening, that I had received a very
cordial. Invitation, and I intended to avail my
f*lf of It; He said to me, "How can you «m
to- a banquet glv-n by a Republican club
wher. you were elected on a I^bor ticket?" I
stated to him. calling him by name, "My friend
had 'I not been a Republican , I never would
have been elected on the Labor ticket " ' (R«
newed- applause.)" - • ; ,'• v
• -.My. first vote was cast for a Republican be
cause - 1 believed In the principles of 'that
party, which stood for the protection of
the, wage < earner and American industries
(Applause.) '-{Because the principles of that
party stood: for. equal rights to all who found
a home .beneath the folds of ths stars and
stripes. : Those principles which caused th«
champions of Republicanism to emancipate and
ygr KTTT of the Republican party
B I was the pervading sentiment
M I of the speeches last night -at
// / the annual banquet given by
m • J the Union League Club at the
Palace Hotel, when the guests
of honor were the distinguish
ed representatives of the army and navy,
the Federal Government, civic bodies and
local leaders of the Republican party.
Brilliancy of oratory was the feature of
the banquet, which was held in' the maple
room of the Palace HoteL The represen
tatives of the army" and navy were guard
ed !n their utterances, but all present
realized that they were defending the pol
icy of the administration and wished for
the success of the political organization
that now rules at "Washington.
The maple room of the Palace Hotel
¦was the scene of the banquet and no ef
fort was spared to make the occasion a
gala one. The horseshoe-shaped table
¦was loaded down with silverware and
flowers.
Colonel George H. Pippy. president of
the Union League Club, received the
guests of honor in the clubrooms previous
to the banquet and the guests were bus
ily engaged in meeting the members of
lie Union League Club and their friends.
It was after 8 p. m. when the march to
the banQuet-room commenced and for
two hours the diners enjoyed a. bounteous
feast.
liBINK PRESIDENT'S HEALTH.
Shortly after 10 p. m. Colonel George H.
PlPI>>% president of the Union League
Club, called for order. The guests present
concentrated their attention on those
seated at the head of the horseshoe table-
Colonel George H. Plppy. Admiral Henry
Glass. Admiral Silas Casey, General R. P.
Hughes, Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz, Gen
<?ral "W. H. 1». Barnes and Collector of the
Port F. S. Stratton.
Colonel Pippy, the toastmaster, proposed
the health of the President. of the United
States and called upon Collector of the
Port F. S. Etratton to respond.
The health of President Roosevelt was
drunk in a rising toast and Collector
Stratton, in responding, dwelt upon the
general prosperity of the country and re
ferred to the passage of the Chinese ex
clusion bill and the increased tonnage of
the port of San Francisco. He claimed
that the good times were due to the Re
publican party and the prestige in the
Orient of the United States. Collector
Etrattcn told of the possibilities of this
country in the future and the hoped for
Increase in the American marine. He
contended that every pledge of the- Re
publican party for reform and progress
had been carried out and that under the
flag of the disciples of that party the
"United States would go forward as one
of the greatest powers "of the world, rep
resentative of freedom and advancement.
- Colonel Pippy then toasted the "Army
srnd Navy." which was drunk by the as
sembled jruests. When the cheers, sub
sided the toastmaster called upon General
Robert P. Hughes of the United States
army. Department of California, to re
spond to the toast for "The Army of the
United States."
General Hughes received a flattering re
ception. In replying to the toast he said:
WAS BOUND TO OBEY.
Gentlemen: I was notifled a few days ago
that I had been made a member of your body,
and two days ago I *?ot a note to this ef
fect, which was an order which as a roldler I
was bound to obey: "You are selected to re-
Bpcn'I to the toa*t. 'The United States Army.' "
I had bocn ir. a good many places in my
forty-one years of sen-ice, but I never was put
in quite such a pickle before. I never made a
rpe«ch in my life and I would rather do any
thing elfe. but in behalf of my fellow-eoldi»rs
I v-iEh to cay this much for th»>m. The army
r*>G*n about a century and a quarter ago under
th<> old tr«n» at Cambridge, in Mesrachusetta
It confuted at that time of Gen«-ral George
"Washington. He carried with him a commis
sion for what was to be the nucleus -of the
United States army which he was to organ-
Th«>w> oommlEEions were triven to him by the
Continental Congrees in Philadelphia. Mark
it well, he old not issue.all the commissions
that were given to him. He selected those
v/hom he found qualified: thote that were not
<id not receive the commissions which had
been made out. That came care has been fos
tered in the army as far as practicable from
? f mJ ° thIs - , that on!y Ihe worthy ones
should have commissions. . •
That war the army had along the eastern
ccast. running from St. John to Georgia The
¦erard from Lake Erie to N>w Orleans. Later
m^h nOth<>r .? ar - in m7 - vb *° they went
still further couth and got into Mexico. The
,.cxt in 1861. was a general war and we had
tr^at trouble, and the waters were v«r stm
and they were very deep; but we settled that
Q± K % n ««er much bloodshed. We have had one
Z?a £ .**? fH hsw eone «"ll.further..and
S»r JT^ h th "^ " is not to ° far - This last
war has brought us down to the equator, i The
STfcf lfS £ I? ES bably the rnost^rious of all
Zl£ had bixsaus* we have gone abroad,
we have cut loose from our own continent, and
ve are now on the other side, and let us hope
that we will be successful there
In all these ware the army has simply acted
as the pathfinder; It has not gone to carve out
anything for Itself but has rone to help the
CHARGES WOMAN
WITH CRUELTY
officers of the army and navy who are pres
ent, that there Is no spot of earth where they
can be more welcome, no place where the rec
ords, they have helped to make are more cher
ished than in organizations such as this which
exist all over the United States. They are the
most liberty-loving of men. They are the
men who. will do. as they have always done,
their full duty by the nation and by the Gov
ernment. ' And although dissensions may arise
sometimes, though sometimes the boss, whom,
the Mayor is so afraid of. will come to the
front from time to-time, he will be as ephe
meral as "the moth that flutters- around the
blaze, and the nearer the boss comes to the
blaze of liberty the more he will be singed
and finally he will be consumed in it. .
THERE MUST BE LEADERS.
There ought to be no such things as bosses,
but there roust be leaders. As in the game of
football, where boys with organization and
team work will walk right over a team of
giants without organization and leadership and
make a goal every time they try. so it is in
politics. - We have' got to have organization,
we have got to move together. We have got
to practice the art of politics. The great pop
ular heart will be for what is right, when
they are shown the right, and they will be
shown It: but from now until the end of time
we cannot get along without leaders. That la
one of the great troubles to-day in Congress.
We have no real avowed leader of the Repub
lican party in either the Senate or House of
Representatives. You see It to-day in the di
vision of that party upon questions and the
lack of sufficient support of the administration,
and I wish -we had in both houses of Congress
some real good old-fashioned American boss
to whip the party into line and make it go
right along. (Applause.)
All bosses are corrupt— they can't help It.
They can't win without it. They never have
and never will. It is not so much the way
you win a fight as the way you behave your
self : after the fight is won. I felt that in
Mayor Schmitz's campaign there were a great
many things I did cot approve, but when the
Mayor got his seat and conducted himself In
the manly < and straightforward spirit by which,
he has won so many encomiums from men
of all sorts and creeds I would b« will
ing to accept him for a boss. I wouldn't care,
Mr. Mayor, if you would accept that position,
if you would cram the ballot box to carry the
primaries. I wouldn't care If you programmed
every man who came in. I know you will pro
gramme him right, and when you lay down the
law for him if he doesn't go right you will ra
move him — or you will try to.
SHOULD MEET FREQUENTLY.
I wish to say in conclusion that meetings
like this are most delightful and we should
have more of them. This club ought not to
assemble as infrequently aa it does.. Its power
and its influence ought to be more felt. It . la
full 'Of. strong men and good ' men. ¦ whose In
fluence and power ought to be felt in this com
munity and In the party for good.- and we can
only do it by standing together and submitting
to the will and common sense of the party aa
it is expressed in its convention and solng like
men when election day comes and voting the
ticket.' I want" to say here for the benefit of
the guests that the "worse Republican I ever
saw is better than the best Democrat. (Laugh
ter.) , And so in this coming campaign, what
ever ' may ' be oar individual : preferences,
whenever the common sense of the party
in convention assembled -.- shall have de
termined what is best ! for the party,
thim club, like every other bodw- > of sen
sible and patriotic men, should have no kick
ers and no knockers. I .think that is one
thing in which this State -needs cultivation.
You -don't find it so anywhere else. .You let a
man go from an Eastern State to Congress
and -make himself of use there and they ke«-D
him there. But you send a man to Congreu
from this State and he has to" keep one eye
on the speaker and the other over his shoulders
and his ears laid back flat on his head to see
who is working to throw him out tn California.
It is wrong to do that. If you have good- men
there keen them there. . '
I give yon as the closing sentiment the name
of this club — a league for the union of good
men. of sound principles, of faith and honesty
of man and respect for God. (Great applause.)
The list of members of -the' club and
guests who were present at the banquet
follows:
5 Admiral Henry Glass. .U. S. N.: Admiral
Silas Casey. V. S. N. ; General R. . P. Hughfs,
V S. A: : Mayor Eugene . E-. Schmitz, Colonel
George H. Plppy. General W. H. It. Barnes.
Collector of the Port F. S. Stratton. Hon. Al
den Anderson. Charles Blfss. A. O. Burnett.
J C Campbell/ Wallace Everson, . J. G. Gelat
ins. G» H.- Gray. .T. H. Haven. S. J. Hendy.
W. J. Herrin. S. L. Kline." Dr. H. H. Hart.
Dr.- M. ' Hart. I.'.W. L*«s. E. J. Smith. A.
Ruef. George B. Keane, • F.' ¦ A. Schmlts. T.
Garret. . J. B. Smith. J. C. "Wilson. -Dr. C. G.
Kenyon. E. Tausky. Judge F-- M. Angellottl.
C. B. Kaufman, W. W. Shannon. H. G. , W.
Dinkelspiel, " Daniel T. Cole. F. B. Mackindor.
C. M. Elliott. E. . E. -Stone. D. S.
Dorn, R. " B. Carpenter. ¦ O. ft A. Har
mon; W. S. Tunning, ¦ chairman Republi
can County Committee. Contra Costa County;
W. K. Cole. A. B. Coleman, «»cretary Repub
lican County Committee • of ¦ Contra Cost*
County;- O.K. Hin«; C. 3. Laomelster. TV. B.
Gilbert. J. Lee, .Henry Baehr. J. W. Carmlny.
C. B. Marks, O- M. Holbrook, Captain T. N.
Nearney, J. . Stanley . Brown, . M. A. Gunst.
William- "Wolff. E. R. Lillenthal. Captain O.
C. Hamlet. Captain F. M." Munger. F. H.
Cory P- H. McCarthy. Lewis J. Ohnlmu*.
Fred TV. i Lees, B.'. A. Leigh. Horace G. Platt,
H F Fernau. Thomas Riordan, J. RalDh Jr..
J.*' Rothschild. "William Saxton. Judze F. H.
Bhort, Fresno: -Lieutenant 'Governor J. "H.
Neff J. S. . Spear Jr., - Surveyor, of the Port;
Colonel George Stone, chairman of the Repub
lican State Central Committee; W, J. Watson,
Judge J. A. Waymlre. Alameda; J. M. Wll
kins. Judge Carroll Cook. Judge G. H. Bahrs.
T>. E. McKlnlay. ChleJ of Police Wlttman. J.
B.- Fuller. William Macdonaid, Dr. .W. ¦ F. Me-
Nutt. A. L. McLeod. ¦ * .
F. S. Stratton
Makes Able
Address.
Mayor Talks
of the Fu=
ture.
Glass Speaks
on Behalf
of Navy.
Hughes Tells
of Army's
UNITY OF REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE WATCHWORD SOUNDED
BY NOTED SPEAKERS AT UNION LEAGUE CLUB'S BANQUET
SAN \\ FRANCISCO, JSUND AY, MAY 4, 1902;
.... •• f m i x •¦.;¦-¦¦ Sup**'-- m ,' '; i.?^o L-iDrs-iy-. ¦¦ \ in
Pages 29 to 40
1111111• DENVER, May S. — President J.' W. Springer
of the National Livestock 'Association has sent
a- telegram to President Roosevelt* asking him
to iveto- the • oleomargarine bill. ¦-•' . <• ; -
LOUISVILLE, May 3.— After, eight and
a half rounds, of terrific . fighting Marvin
Hart of Louisville knocked. out Kid Cai*
ter of Brooklyn before the Southern Ath
letic Club to-night. JThe bout was a.slug
ging match up to thd*»ixth round," but the
pace had been so swift that during the
last four rounds bothmen.were stagger-
Ing around the ring, hardly able to stand,
and nejther seemed able . to land an' ef
fective blow. It was merely a. contest -of
endurance, and the knockout blow, a left
to. the jaw, was, delivered when Hart him
self seemed almost ready; to tall. ¦¦¦.
American Poloists "Win in , England.
LONDON, May 3.— The - American . polo
team seeking to recover; the International
cup won Its first match of ; the season at
Raneleh this afternoon, -defeating the old
Cantabs ' by. four goals to nil. The 'Ameri
cans were handicapped by the^absence.of
Foxhall Keene, their strongest player, -.but
they played an exceedingly strong game
throughout. . It rained the ; whole time." .
Marvin "-, Hart Defeats \ Kid ' Carter.
i The Ponies have a'swell chance to cap
ture tho series from the Angels.' The beat
the latter can do, is to break even: » ¦•¦; "
-, The i only. Rube twill,- do box stunts ¦ this
afternoon and Meredith will endeavor. to
oppose : him.* 1 It. looks tas though there
would be: nothing: to it. u ¦ .- - \ ; -. -
- Glendon - beat out a pretty , bunt In the
last, round' yesterday, -but was easily
caught between, first; and second.".' ".:, >.
,Dowllng must 1 have fallen off the wateV
.wagon again. No - steady ¦¦ pitcher would
give ten bases on balls on -r the home
grounds.;'.. 1 .- .- -i/-' i l -.;.¦'•. 'C-*<. >'-..;.'••.": ¦¦¦¦':•:,': •'¦¦¦
.iNordyke has made six .hits' in two games
and -four of; them'- were two-cushion
swings.;*. No i wonder the * pitchers Hike" to
pass him " to : first.":/.', '. • :;v ". %
-• '¦Morley'siteam. goes ¦ to "pieces too easily
in \ the ' tight places. * His , infield , lacks the
snappy v work and " stonewall = front which
characterizes the Oakland, four. ;,,-.. .-¦;•
',¦¦ '¦> Raymer spoiled' a : chance '¦ for a run ; In
.the second when he fell asleep at second.
There was • pnly one out.-and- a good' hit
would have /meant another JallyA -:•'- •' '
Slagle has one of the prettiest deliveries
of ¦ any ; pitcher : ever seen on : the local dia-"
! mond. ;¦ His swtng^is , ; graceful and v easy
, and he possesses a good; change- of pace, .-:
.Yesterday's ; crowd . was a ' record-breaker
for • Saturday. : . Between : 3000 and j '4000 < peo
ple'were piled Into, the 'stands and bleach
ers.^-'c :"', ¦-.- .;¦¦•¦¦.¦.••••*/?¦-+:':-..'-.¦•!?;¦.-¦-;, -••"'
BASEBALL ; NOTES.
McIClchols, the new local second has.
LONDON, May 3.— W.'-K. Vanderbilt
will. In all probability, win the Coronation
Derby if he secures R. S.' Sevier's Scep
ter, the winner of the 2000 guineas stakes
and of the 1000 guineas stakes, for which
he is reported to have offered Mr. Sevier
40,000 guineas after the -filly won the 1000
guineas stakes yesterday. Mr. Sevier're
fused to sell at that figure, but Intimated
that he might be tempted by.' a bid of
¦50,000' guineas. ¦ : ¦ ¦- ; : , . :-. . . .•
-After Scepter's two sensational^ victo
¦rteB, in both'bf which she broke the'rec
ords, it appears that, barring accidents,
there is nothing to prevent her winning
the Derby, for which event she is a warm
favorite.- . ¦ ¦ -y- , ' -
"Bob". 1 Sevier, owner of Scepter, hasihad
a checkered career." VWell-born and well
educated, he • has In : turn been • a book
maker, a clerk and manager of a betting
agency. He has been stranded financially,
but is now. a wealthy land-owner and pos
sessor of the-best horses on the turf, all
acquired with the results of sensational
plunging., : He has traveled In most of the
colonies and is well known as a dead shot
both in elephant and in lion^ hunting. 1 He
married Mabel, sister of the fourth Mar
quis of Ailesbury.
lars for the Derby Favorite.
W. K. Vanderbilt Will Give More
Than Two Hundred Thousand Dol-
RECORD PRICE OFFERED
" V ; " FOB RACE MARE SCEPTER
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits— McCreedie. Eaean Two
base hits- Unfrtaub. Ea*an, She^han? Sacri
fice hit— Hulen. First base on errors— Sacra-
Oa^ana 2. First base on calledl«Uii
—Off Thomas 1, eff Schmlflt 1. LeftM toasw—
s^h m» f ¦J >oubl , e P^ys— CrisUU to Strelb-
Pchmldt to Francks to Streib; Mohler to
r ?Z cks Strel \ P * S8ed ball-Norton, wiw
Sacramento 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 3
Base hits 2 0 IT. 2 112 1— 11
Oakland 3 2 1000000— C
Base hits 3 21000 000—6
# Totals .33 6 6 0 27 IS 2
RfXS AKD HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A.' E.
"Walters, cf 4 1 1 0 3 O 0
Mohler. 2b 3 1 1 0 0 3 0
Etrelb. lb 4 0 0 0 13 11
McCreedle. rf 4 1 1 0 0 00
Devereaux. Sb 4 1 1 0 0 2 0
CrUtall. If 4 0 0 0 3 10
Francks. es 4 0 1 03 4 l
Gorton, c 3 110 5 0 0
Echialdt, p 3 10 0 0 5 0
¦ m .;.A*_.rwi.ja.c..« j. \j.
¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A, E.
Ehechan. Sb ........ 5 1 4 0 1 2 0
Hulen, 2b 3 0.1 1 3 4 0
Doyle, rf .......... 4 11 0 310
Rebsamen, cf 4 0 1 0 1 10
Unelaub. ss .'. 4 12 1 1 11
Eagan. If 4. 0.2 0 3 0 1
Birmingham, lb .... 4 0 0 0 11 1 0
Graham, c. 4 0 0 0 12 1
Thomas, p 4 0 -0 0 3 2 0
Totals 33 3 11 2 27 14 ~3
for Loliman's Men.
SACRAMENTO, May 3.— Oakland
Jumped Into the lead to-day by defeating
the Senators again. The Senators out
batted their opponents in all stages of the
game, but Lehman's bunch put up superb
ttam work, and the Senators could not
bunch their hits nor get them, when need
ed. Score:
Superb earn Work Carries the Day
OAKLAND II* THE LEAD.
.ALLENTOWN, Pa.. May 2.— Frank
Smith died to-day of injuries received last
night in a boxing bout with Hans Hart
ranft. Smith was felled with a chin blow
and never regained consciousness. His
skull was fractured. Hartranft Is under
arrest.
Boxer Xtf.es From Injuries.
NEW^YORK. : May 3.— The New York-Phila
delphia, and ;. the .Brooklyn-Boston games were
postponed on account of rain. '. = ' .: ; -
Pittsburg .:.........;.......;..;. a 15 i
St. Louis ... .'..-........:.. .-B -12 0
Batterles-^-Phlllippi - and O'Connor; ! Yerkes,
Popp and Ryan. Umpire— Emslle. : ;
PITTSBURG, May 3. — Both- pitchers were
hit hard and often . and the same was see-"
sawed up • to the ' seventh, when Pittsburg,
with three hits, made three runs. -The feature
was ¦ O'Connor's four hits, - scoring flve ; runs.
Attendance,- C200. The score:: ¦ v
: ¦- .¦:.:" * ' . • ¦-.¦*:: .R. ¦ ;h: e.
NATIONAL ' LEAGUE. .
. CHICAGO, May 31^-Opportune hitting and
three fast double, plays gave -Chicago an easy
victory to-day. • Cincinnati ¦ scored • once on
three bunched hits. '..¦Congalton's one-handed
catch of'a liner from Crawford's t bat- was a
sensational feature. Attendance, 6200. The
score: * - . • ¦ ,,
¦• • '/' ''-¦ ¦ .:V 1;; --^" V . -:'.R. . H. -E.
Chicago "........'.....;..;....... 0 10 1
Cincinnati 1 8 . 1
'¦ Batteries— Menefee and Chance; Stlmmel and
Bergen. Umpire — Cantilllon. >:_. . .
BOSTON. May 3.— Toung's .curves proved
mystifying- to the 'Baltimore batsmen , to-day
and Boston won easily, i Shields was batted
hard in the fourth and fifth innings. : The
fielding was first class, all the errors resulting
from hard • chances. Attendance, g 2037. t The
score: - • .. . .:_,.-¦'. ¦¦ - .-.:..•
>.-- . : ' )¦ ¦ : " ' :' • R. 'H.';;;B. ;
Boston -'.•........ 1; ...10 14 3
Baltimore 13 3
Batteries — Youngf and Warner; Shields and
Bresnahan. , , - ' ¦• • ¦ -•_ ¦ .-,
Washington .3 =7 6
Philadelphia .'..9 11 1
Batteries — Carrlck and Drill; Hustings and
Powers. , (-¦).
PHILADELPHIA, May 3.— The home team
won easily to-day from \Vashlngtc:i. Hustings,
recently signed by Manager Mack of the local
club, * pitched ' his first game- and proved an
enigma to the visitors. Carrick's poor support
helped the locals. Attendance, 4000. • The
score : ,
" ¦. ' ¦- - R. : H. E.
Batteries — Donahue and '. Sugden; Callahan.
and McFarland. ;, ' ' ' ••;
ST. LOUIS, May 3.— Five hits oft Callahan
in the first inning:, including a triple and
double, gave St. Louis a. lead to-day which
the visitors could not- * overcome. Donahue
held Chicago down to ¦ four hits. I Attendance,
B500. The score: ¦..-.-.— , X
: ' :.' , 7.-v R. : H. E..
St. -Louis .......¦,..¦..." 5 ' 9 2
Chicago ....'... .:.'..¦. 3 4- .2
This Makes the .Third Straight Game
They Have Taken. From^ the '
V . . Cle lyelaxid Team.
• .'; V AMERICAN LEAGUE.
'.. DETROIT, May '3.-^McAlli8ter'a ¦ home ; run,
together with a- base pii' balls, four singles and
errors by Schireck aiid Bonner" in thie- second
inning this afternoon,' won the' third straight
game for Detroit.,. Attendance. 3960. The
score: • ¦ ¦ • ,•- : .
¦ ;'--r': i , n. n. E.-
Detroit '.'..': e ' i l
Cleveland .'...-. .'..."/.....'...;... 3 ' 8 3
Batteries — Mercer -and McAllister; Wright,
Strelt and Bemis. . ¦ :v ¦
SAN RAFAEL, May 3.— The San Rafael
Golf Club finished its "best ball" contest
for men and women this afternoon. Mrs.
George Heazelton won the. ladies' prize
and E.'. J. Hooper the gentlemen's. The
play commenced last Saturd*y,rand every
day various contestants tried their skill
at the links, while the poorest . players re
ceived handicaps.-' The gentlemen's pjay
wa3 over eighteen ; holes, and the net
score which resulted was. as follows: . E.
J. Hooper 82, W. J. Casey 83. Women's
play, over eighteen holes, net score: Mrs.
George Heazelton 63, Mrs. E. J. Hooper 6J.
Golf at San Rafael.
McALLISTERfS HOME BXTN; . (i\ ¦
.; .J Mj{i HELre-DETBOIT^WIN
Ohio— Hon. ' Charles f< E: BoWmari/ J; "H. • Brln- *
ken.J.D.. Clark. P. H. C. R.; _Danlel-W. -Ed- :
wards. Charles J. Daoust: Rev. L. E. Prentlss, '
P. H.. T.; James N.'- Ramsey, P.- C.R.;J. P.
sStlliwauch. " i .• v" '="•¦* '
: -Ontario — J. Mi Cameron,^.' D., f P. H. C.R.":
Rev.J.- Htr^Courtenay;-' P. . H.; C. R.*. A.\H. -
Backus, .p:h., q.?R-UVJ. A. Davidson. B. A.;
Ven. Archdeacon' KVans Davts, . H.' C; R. A.
Harrington, H/J-.'&iW. R. Hlckey.'P. H. C.
R.; Frank.E.McCorinlck.-Hi. S.; John Porter,
H. C. R.; Cpmp: ; DaisyA. Torrey. John Wands;
:W. c H. Wardrope, ._P. ; H. ,C. R. ; James ,Welr, .
r Pennsylvania'^-C. B.. Chldesteri :M. : D.Vp. H. ¦
Phy.; Charles W. ,MJnsle,. H. g.-.' ~ •. ¦ :- >-
.-Prince: Edward . Island— John M. : -Clark,' P.:.
West Australia— Bishop Charles RHey, TVD.
;¦• Quebec— J. : B. A. Alalre, P. H.r V. C. R.:
,h5-A. Beauresrard, O. V/. Bedard.^H.- C. R.;
G. iE.Jauvin, Theodule Cypihot, M. '¦¦£>.;< P..<H.
,'Ph v. ; : J. : ;u. .a:, Geoffrian, LL. B. ;< Eugena H.
.Godln, Fred O. A. Kearns,' P. H. C.I R.; Dr.
. J. 17. Lalonde,* J. ; I. La very. - P. H.^ C R. ; r Dr.
P. PIcard, H. C. R. ; Dr. Joseph Poupart, 1 P.
H. Phy; Thomas J. Rutherford, H. V. C. R.;
'Peter Strathearn, P. H. C. R.
. Quebec. Companion — Fannia. Choquette
Alarie, H. C. R.
.Washtagton^-John .A.. ¦Wolfe. . . _ '
•' Western • Michigan — William Kaiser,'. Albert
"J.\Petterson. M. D.. P. H. V. C. R.; Arthur
B. Williams, John W. Wilson.- <; ' ; / ;
, Wisconsin— Zenas M; Host, ' H: T.: r l«ieuten- ;
ant , Colonel B. F. Parker. H. C. ¦ R. ; R. " S.
..White, P.H. C.R. ' Vf -'•'• • - .'•-• . - :*:-.
. Central : England— Henry J. Martin, • P. H.
C.' : R.VVV -\ ( .--,; ¦.••'• ¦'.¦.-.;. . ; . ; vV-- -.:';.-¦ .'.-,/'
': London— -W.-H. Grlcg, H. S.. ., : .
-> .Mld-Ensrland— William JYVJlklnson. ? P. ..Hi C. j
¦T:*^iHbr^ny and'Swedsn-^-Johan Reynolds,' H. C.
- *T v Nbrth\' Ireland — James : Wil.«on, H.'.TiV. • : .-.'".
'-KBciUthf Ireland — Samuel Martin, H.' :S, '.. .:.; ' ¦ ,
; :Sduth England— Arthur Curtis, ? H; V. 1 C. 1 R;
: .', Scotland-^— John'- 8.' Duncan. • " ':¦. ¦ ¦ _ V ¦¦' • J a •
'¦-' SlaftOrdshirer— Frederick . W. ; Dale.- . ¦ ' - * >'.
y '- '¦ Wales— Alderman • Thomas Goldsworthy. -J.
-P.':H.vC.'R^ t ¦•'.¦%:-.. : :r.'-i -.;.'•¦-----¦¦ . .:.•: .,'.>.
'" NeW South Wales-^George vWridei :" ";."<¦
: Ncrth Queensland^-Hon. Dr.' W^H. ; Monta
gue,-.. P.- c« ,¦" ¦• : <„ '••- ,- ¦; •:'.,•..-' j' ; -,' '.." :•-.-¦
I Queensland — Honi; Robert Lee Bryce, H-- C. R.
Queensland, Companion— Ella Lee Bryce, H.
•C. R.-, •¦•,.¦-'•-. --¦¦- .:-:^. : -¦.,:¦. '.-.;;:¦ --',-
Rlverinar-^ohn j Thomas, H. - C. R. "
South Australia^^-James H. Gilmour, P. H.
C. R. -....-•-- ¦•- .' .:'. '•¦ ,T -¦
'OFFICERS OF LOCAE. COMMITTEE
v "OF FORESTERS NAMED" TO BE
'.' CEIVE REPRESENTATIVES.*
NEW YORK, May 3.— Out of a field of
twenty horses at the'. end; of the:, first
eighth of a mile of the Metropolian handi
cap at Morris Park to-day, raced Arsenal,
son of the famous sprinter Lamplighter,
to a lead which he held to the wire and
victory, with its reward of JS970. He was
desperately pressed by Herbert, \ Car
buncle, Chilton and Smoke , arid finished
under whip and spur, vigorously. used by
Johnny Daly, with scarce strength enough
to nave gone another dozen strides at th»
killing pace of the race. ... ' .• •; -^ .
It was a sterling race, fairly started, .
gamely contested for every inch of
the mile arid spectacularly finished.
Twenty to 1-was laid against Arsenal and
his splendid • victory was .a 'popular one.
Jockey Daly -was paraded •in\ front of ;the
grand stand ' perched ' high 6ri v 4.he.-should
ers of .a" trio of admirers a.nd Ar.thur
Featherstone, owner cf the victor, was en
thusiastically . congratulated „_ by - hia
friends. ¦ •'.¦--;.-¦'., :¦ - - : .."'.:.
A drizzling rain -gave a . heayj' -track
and brought free scratching- by., owners
timid about risking their: thoroughbred^
in the mud. Water Color, the early, morn
ing favorite, was .withdrawn, and -.with'
him went- Heno, Far^ Rockaway,, Whisky^
King, Old England,* and Smart
Set. - > •-••:.¦•.-.¦.: : Vir.--..-' ;• •.: ,..•;¦? V''
ATTENDANCE. IS I ENORMOUS.
''Rain and the general cheerlessness of
the day were apparently ' without effect
upon the attendance and fulry. 30,000;per-;
sons were on the course- when the.handi
cap candidates were > sent away. -The
handicap came fourth on the racing card ,
of the day and it was 4:10 o'clocktwhen
the horses were called out. . Down in -the
betting ring under the main*6tand thou
sands of men struggled >in football-like
rushes to get their' money down. v Frank
Farrell's entries; Bonrribert and Colonel
Padden, were the favorites in the. betting
and the Quotation -. on 'them -was 5 toj. 1.
Herbert, who ran true t.bVfarm.T.was-sec
ond choice and the money-. on -hirh. was
placed at 5 to 2. Roehampton was s third]
choice and the figures on him were 6 to"2. :
The others varied. from. 10 -to, "1, to 150 to' L."
Less than five minutes were lost in start
ing, and the start. was a fair one. Ka y
mara was the first away, with His Emi
nence second. Smoke third and the others
close up. Before the nr,st eighth had^becn
covered Arsenal had bounded forward
into the front rank and at the post he was
leading with a gap of a length and a' half
behind him. Down' the back stretch
vSmoke and Reina worked up and claimed
second and third, places = respectively,' At
the turn in the stretch, Odom.-'on * Her
bert, begran Ur make his ride that finally
landed him in second place. Undffr.,pres^-"
sure Herbert worked up from. seventV
place, passing Carbuncle , and Smoke. .
Smoke failed in the stretch and the head
of Carbuncle showed clear in advance of
her when they reached the line. Arsenal,
wavered fifty yards "from -the finish. The
crowd- in' the stand, cried,. .Vlt's-Herbert."-
But the first horse held. his way under
Daly and had Herbert by half • a -length
when they raced under the . wire" -Car
buncle was close behind, with Smoke on
his side and Chilton just behind. Bonni
bert and Colonel Padden, the favorites,
were tenth and eleventh respectively. j
Summary:
First race, two-year-olds, last half of the
Eclipse course — Navasota won. Short Hose
second. Hurst Park third. Time. :4S.
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Water
boy won. Swlftmas : second, • Igniter third.
Time. 1:08.
- Third race. Juvenile stakes, two- year-olds,
last five furlongs of the Eclipse course — Mlzzen
won, - Dalesman ¦ second, , Spencer Reid third.
Time, 1:02. ¦
. Fourth race, the Metropolitan Handicap, one
mile— Arsenal. 00 <J. Daly), 20 to 1, won;
Herbert, 119 (Odom), 5 to 1 and 5 to 2, second;
Carbuncle. 103 (H. Michaels), 20 to 1 and 6
to 1, third. Time, 1:42. Chilton. Smoke, Som
brero. Roehampton, McMeekin, Kamara, Bon
nlbert,- Colonel Padden, Pentecost, Dixie Line,
Reina. Lu Casta, His Eminence, Alcedo and
Ten Candles also ran. - . .-..-'¦- : \ t
Fifth race. New York Steeplechase, "about
two miles — Fulminate won, Jim McGibbon sec
oad. Pluto third. Time, 4:02
. Sixth race, last seven j furlongs of Withers'
mile, selling — Jack Demiind won,' Dr. . Riddle
second. Highlander third. Time, 1:23%. ¦
AI*A2J"-A-DAIJE WIN'S.
Captures the Kentucky Derby, 'in
Which Abe Frank Is Last.
LOUISVILLE, May 3.— To the lusty
cheers of thousands, Alan-a-Dale, ' the
gedo son of Halma, the latter himself
winner of the 1895 Derby, this afternoon
passed under the wire winner of the
twenty-eighth Kentucky Derby. The at
tendance was enormous. Abe Frank, the
much-heralded winter favorite, was the
choice in the betting at 3 to 5.
After several attempts they were sent
away on comparatively even terms, with
A!an-a-Dale a neck in front of Abe
Frank, The Rival third and Inventor, last.
At the stand Alan-a-Dale was a length in
front of Frank, The Rival third and In
ventor last, but jainning under a strong
pull. Around the lower turn they shot,
with the chestnut son of Halma still
showing the way. The gap was gradu
ally lengthened down the backstrefch un
til Winkfleld had a half-dozen lengths of
daylight between his mount and Abe
Frank, the favorite, The Rival still being
third. As they rounded the last turn for
the final run into the , stretch Coburn
went to work on the favorite, but Abe
did not have the run in him. When the
stretch had been reached Abe : showed
signs of distress and was palpably beat
en. The race was now between the Mc-
Dowell entry and Inventor, the latter
showing a burst of speed at the finish
that for a time seemed to threaten Alan
a-Dale, but Winkfield, without whip or
spur, 6ent the son of Halma under the
wire a winner by a length,"with his sta
ble companion fighting for second place a
neck behind Inventor. Abe Frank was
six lengths away. Summary:.- j s
First race, flve and a belli furlongs — Ed
Austin won. Death j second. Monarka third.
Time, 1:07. ¦ -; ; ¦£ . -¦:¦ :
Second race, half a mile — Lady Lake won.
Thoughtless second, Glora Hooper third. Time,
:4Syi. ... • '.- .: ;•
Third race, one .rolle-T-McWillianis won.
Chorus Boy second, Co'mmlsslqnpr Forster third.
Time, 1:42%.
¦ Fourth race, the ; Kentucky Derby. $6000,
mile and a quarterr-Alan-a-Dale, 117 (Wink-
Santonin and Liberator are equarfavor
ites . in '• the ;. open • stake . at 5 to 1. *-Roy
Hughie, Gambit, , Ruby. Sankey, Rocker, j
Lilac, Aggie W, John Heenan and Bonnie
Hughie are at 6 to 1.
In the- special reserve.stake Homer Boy
has been installed favorite at 3 to 1, with
Cold Shivers and Loyal :'Lad next in de
mand. The results . of - yesterday's run.
ning,\ with Judge John Grace's official
scores," follow:-. , ; - •'-- * ¦•"- -
., Reserve stake— J. Morlarity'* Snapper Gar
rison beat T.. Maher's Bad Boy, 3-2: A. J.
Ernsfs ' Rich Argosy 4 beat - W. B. Badger's
Fearless. 3-1; A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night beat
J," Kelly's Governor Mac.- 7-2: J. S. Badt's
Lovina beat -E.- Geary's. Minnie Sankey. 4-0;
D. Dillon's Challenger beat W. C. Badger's
Helene, e-1; F..Rosenberger's Lady Chlquita
beat D. ..Toland's Pleasant Girl. 4-0; F. P.
I Clark's Glen Roy beat J.--F- Rogers' Erebus.
5 r 0; F. ! C. Mack's .'Delia M beat J. J. Ed
nionii's Morning Glory. &-0.
-. Second, round — Snapper^ Garrison beat Rich
Argosy, 4-0: Lovina beat Fly by Night, 4-1;
Challenger beat Lady Chiqulta, 4-2; Dell* M
beat Glen Roy, 4-OU «>•
: "Third" rbunfl— Snapper' Garrison l>eat Lovina,
4-0; Challenger beat , Delia' M. - 2-0. h
Deciding .' course — Snapper. Garrison beat
Challenger, 5-1." < :y ¦ -' -. • ¦
Sapling-, stakf- — M. C. ¦ Delano's Conroy beat
F. P. Clark's. The Coroner. 7-0; E. B. Reid's
Real Duchess'- a bye. „ Ready Address with
drawn; E.B. Reid's Mark Twain beat Pasha
Kennels'. Rike'» Amiga. 4-2r H. A. Deckel
man's Flying Pasha beat E. Reddy's Lost Girl,
.4-2.. ¦ *:- '*' '-^ ;•¦ .¦¦>..;.".,¦•.'
.'¦ Second . round — Conroy beat . Real -Duchess,
10-0; Mark Twala'beat Flying Pasha, 10-6.
. - Bench show .open -, stake — Pasha . Kennels'
Regal Attire beat tV.Glock's. Alameda Lad,
5-2; E." Geary's Roy Hughie beat J. F: Roger's |
Arbacus, 3-2;; J. Trade's Be^le Rocket beat M.
Nealon's Fred Freeaom,' 3-0; F*. ' Jones' Tyrone
Prince beat E.. Geary's Dathy,^10-l; E. Dar
ling's Gambit a bye, Toronto withdrawn; S. H.
Wilson's General- De Wet- beat'. E. Thuener's
Black . Cloud, 5-1 ; Pasha Kennela' Royal
Archer a bye. 'Gladys Weller withdrawn; H.
Perigo's. Belfast beat J.J. Edmonds' Go On,
5-0: W. C. Badger's Alert. beat Chiarini Bros.' ;
Bona Magnifica.6-0; P.Uoyle's Liberator beat
;X. .W. - Fathey's OctobeT Lad.,3-2;' J. Segger- !
son's Gold Hill beat H. Carpenter's Blackfirc,
G-3; Pasha Kennels' May - Hempstead a bye.
Maid o' Erin withdrawn; C. G. Wltallon's Gil
more beat T. Jolley's Little May, 4-3; W.
Creamer's Lily Wright beat C. E. Wiley's
Alamcda Lass, . 2-0; E. r Geary's Fannie Hughie
beat L. M. Monrea! r s'Jimmie 'Anthony. 3-0; E.
Geary's Ruby Sankey beat; J. M. Ray's Doris.
4-1; J. Hurley's Sugarcane beat A. R. Curtis' •
Medea, -5-<i; M.Nealon's: Pat Freedom beat
A. ¦-' R." Curtis' Miranda, 4-0; Pasha Kennels'
Rocker /beat P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel,
4-0; - A. VanfierWhlle's' Flora McDonald beat
T'Mlllerick's My Selection, S-4; M. Kerrigan's
Prometheus- beat' F. Rosenberger's Master Bly,
5-0; -O. Zahl's Miss "W r ilsoa beat C C. Gria
wold^s'-Alice' Louise,- 16-OT J..i F. Roger's Glau
cus | a bye; ¦ Brutus ; Alameda Ken
nels' Lilac beat E.Thuerner's Grey Cloud. 3-0;
Kelly •&. Hanley*B ¦Fearf'ul ; Shlp beat J. L.
Ross* - Creswick, .: 5-3; "E. "McAndrews" Nancy
Till beat C. Pickard's- Bright: Gold, 5-0; J.
Kitchen's Honor Bright a bye, Cronin's Wild
Tralee withdrawn; "J. '¦- Manning's Doreen beat
¦Y6s«mite ¦Kennels"--- Beauty .Spot, :4-l; P. J.
Rellly's Honesty a bye, Peerless withdrawn;
'S.-- A. : Smith's Petronius " beat'. J. • J. Hurley's
'Querlta Vincent; 3-0; Chiarini Bros.' Santonin
beat A'eneld Kennels' Majr 'Mdrninsr. 5-0: Pasha
'Kennels' Rural Artfst beat C. G. Whallon's
Miss Shirley, 3-2; T. Burke* s Aggie W beat
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire.- 4-1; T. Burkes
John Heenan beat Yoseniite Kennels' Mose,
5-3; E. Geary's Bonnie Hughie beat F. P.
Clark's Jennie G, 5-4.
Chief interest attaches to the' champion
stake, the chief /Item on to-day's card.
Palo Alto, has been installed favorite at
odds of 2 to 1. Sacramento Boy and Ro
nian Athlete are at 5; Narcissus, Flying
Fox. Charta, America, Vandal and Lost
Chord 0. : .
This was the reserve stake, which J.
Moriarity'3 Snapper Garrison won hand
ily. In the deciding course he met Dr.
Dillon's Challenger, which he defeated by
a score of 5 to 1.- Favorites showed to ad
vantage, there being put few upset3 dur
ing the day. ' ,. \ .'-V;-.
Of the . five stakes which go to make up
the card at Union Coursing Park this
week only one was run to a conclusion
yesterday. , . •
- --¦ • 'w_
There were gay doings yesterday in TlD
nron Cove, i Commodore E. F. Sagar,
Vice Commodore Thomas Jennings and
Port Captain John -H. Keefe, resplendent
in brass-buttoned coats, gold-laced caps
and white duck trousers, stood at the gate
of the Corinthian and wel
comed the throng of visitors from the
city.
Dancing to the music of a string band
was enjoyed in the large room and re
freshments were served al fresco on the
veranda. Many parties went out in
small boats and boarded the yachts lylaar i
at their moorings in the cove. Most oC*
the yachts were decorated with strings o£
prize and signal flags. Among those pres
ent during the afternoon were: — . \
Mrs. Carl Tornbers. Mrs. G. Nichols. Mrs.
Ed Howard. ei-C*mmodore W. J. and Mrs.
Woods, Mrs. Gus t-trau*. • Mrs. . A. F. Mahony.
Miss Fay Morgan. M ss HI. Hines. Mrs. Charles
; Kaufman. Mrs. Frank Bartlett. Miss C. BreiU
man, Mrs. J. Mattoon Jr.. Miss Lily Holies.
.Miss Belle Foster, Miss Ray McCleltand. Miss
Marsaret Boyle, Miss Mollie Mclnhill. Mrs.
Frank FarrelX Miss A. Warschauer. Mis« Daisy
V. Keene, Miss Bessie Cole, Mrs. J. H. Ka«fe,
Miss Belle -O'Brien, Mls» Etta O'Brien. Mrs.
John Lubben, Miss Lillian Lubben, Miss Belle
Herzer Miss Gladys Dalzell. Miss Rapp. Mrs.
A. T. Moore, Mrs. Dr. Currie, Mrs. IT. W.
Kelly. Mrs. J. S. Hawkins. Mrs. Frank Lowell.
Mrs. Garratt, Miss Henshaw. Miss May Cor
ran. Miss Gardner. Dr. Frank Topping, Dr.
Forrest. E. J. Spauldlns. J. M. Mattoon, Pet-r
Sloan. ex-Commodore Carl Westerfeld. H. «.
Weaterfeld, ex-Commodore A. J. Young. Julius
Morton. L. Harris. E- H. Pierce, W. II. Hogs.
L. H. Van Wyck. VT. P. Humphreys. W . L,
Wallace. E. S. Emmons. W. B.Sbort. Stew
art Anderson. Stanley Fay. Phil Fay. »»*
Burdette Palmer, W. C. Peck and Uncle
George Bromley.
The board of directors acted as a re
ception committee. The floor committee
consisted of E. S. Emmons. floor man
ager; J. A. Eavensaler, R. H. Morro^r.
Adolph Bremmer. Samuel Wilson. W. C.
Corbett, Frank A. BarUett Charles Ger
lach and J. K. Bulger. During the after
noon songs were given by Miss Etta
O'Brien and Frank \V. Thompson. *¦
The ladles returned to the city by the
5:40 boat. - Shortly after 7 the yachtsmen
enjoyed a hearty supper. The jinks con
sisted of a farce with music /adapted
chiefly from "Florodora" by L. W. Har
ris, E. J. Bowes and J. V. O'Brien, full
of specialties and humorous hits at the
eccentricities of well-known Corinthians.'
The principal parts in the farce were ta
ken by E. J. Bowes, George H. Ryan, Os
sie Frank. Walter Crovrell, Frank
Thompson, Bob Mitchell. Ben uarbox.
Eddie Angelo, Walter Howe, Julian
Thome. Jack Cathcart, Pete Sloan and
George R. King. A special boat left; Tib
uron about midnight for the convenience
of those who desired to return .to the city.
'¦ ¦ This morning colors wul be made at 8
o'clock, and owners will report on board
the flagship Edna at 10. At 11 the fleet
will start on the opening cruise or the
season. The sloops Presto and Ha-rpoon
will have their first trial race over the
; channel course to-day. ' '.'* '7'^^^
Two-base hits — Nordyke (2), Leahy. Sacrifice
hits — Bone, J. Reilly. Waddell. First base on
errors — San Francisco 3. Lob Angeles 1. First
base on called balls— Off Glendon 2, off Slagle
8. Left on bases — San Francisco 8, Los Ange
les 4. Struck out — By Glendon 2 .by Slagle 3.
Double play6 — Slagle to Anderson to Waddell;
Holly to Nordyke. - Wild pitch— Slagle. Time
cf game — 1:45. Umpire — McDonald.
SUMMARY.
Base hits 0 2 0 2 1111 1 — 9
6an Francisco; ...0 0002020 x — 4
Base hits....... 1 10 2 2 0 3 1 x— 10
Totas 32 19 1 24.15 f«
- RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles O 1 © .0 0 0 0 O Or- 1
AB. R. EH. SB. PO. A.' E.
Toman, ss 4 0 10 13 3
Mannlvan, If 4 0 O 0 2 0 0
Householder, cf 3 0 1 0 1 0 0
Ilaynier. 2b 4 0 2 0 2 2 1
C. Reilly. Sb 4 111110
Anderson, c 4 0 3 " 6 - 2 0
Roach, rf 4 0 10 4 0 0
V.'addell. lb 3 0 0 0 7 2 0
Slagle. p 2 0 0 0 0 5 0
Totals 33 4 10 2 27 19 1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHalf. If 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Bon*, rf 4 0 0 O 1 0 O
TCordyke. Ib. 2 2 2 17 10
Holly, es 4 O O 0 4 6 0
Shug&rt. 3b 4 2 10 3 4 1
l^eahy, c 4 0 3 0 2 3 0
Lawler, cf 3 0 10 10 0
J. Reilly. 2b 3 0 10 5-20
Glendon, p 4 0 112 3 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
Nordyke hit the ball flush on the nose.
He secured two double-sackers out of two
limes up and scored half the runs. Leahy
and Anderson made three hits each. Wad
dell looked after things in good etyle at
first. The game was not a particularly
brilliant cne and the errors made were
rank and costly in every instance. Holly
played a steady, consistent game at short.
Lawler used poor judgment when flies
came out in his direction. The score:
After Bone had struck out in the fifth,
JCordyke lined a hot two-bagger to the
Scoreboard. Toman fumbled Holly's
grounder and Dyke landed on third. Dyke
scored on Rayraer's error of Shugart's
grounder and Shugart soon followed on
Leahy's single to right field. Two more
men came home in the seventh on doubles
by Nordyke and Leahy, Shugart's single
and a wild pitch by Slagle.
The Angels made their only circle in the
Becond explosion. Reilly got a scratch hit
past third and Anderson Bent him to sec
ond with a single past short. Roach
bunted and Glendon threw to Shugart,
who let the ball pass him. Reilly scored,
but Atiderson was luckily nabbed as he
slid for the plate.
Martin Glendon, the latest addition to
the Harris" stable, passed out his assprt
ment for inspection by the Morley contin
gent. He had a good stock of curves and
a bewildering change of speed, and
though hit safely nine times, he succeeded
in keeping them well mixed through 'xhe
nine innings. The Angels would have
been shut out had it not been for Snu
g-art's misplay in the second.
Slagle, the youngster who did pitching
stunts for the southerners, acted well and
if his support had been up to the standard
of his work the score would undoubtedly
have been more even. The Angels ran
bases like a lot of kitchen maids, while
Toman at short has three black marks on
bis error book.
Jim Morley has again been forced to
drink of the bitter dope known as defeat.
All the pipe dreams of_the south have dis
sipated into thin air. The proud Angels,
who left the land of orange groves and
rooters with their chest inflated and con
talk about victory on their lips, have sud
denly realized that they are duck soup
when Rube is not shooting the ball. Yes
terday the score stood 4 to 1 and the
Ponies owned the 4. . ' , • . ¦
pion Stake. .^
Palo Alto, Is Installed First
¦ Choice in Tc-Day's Cham-
f Crcwds of jovial Yachting
Men Enjoy Opening
J1BKS.
Rain Causes Scratching of
, Water Color and Other •
't'H'-i . Cracks.j. .; r.
Erratic Fielding Proves Dis
astrous for the
Angels.
Dance.
Corinthians Greet Their
Fair Friends at a
Ridden by Johnny Daly
He Wins the Irish
Stake.
New Pitcher Makes Good
in His - Initial
Pew Upsets Seen in the
f Gbursing at Union
V Park. ;:
Third race, mile and seventy yards — About
won. Farmer Bennett second, Edith Q third.
Time, 1:47 3-5. . :
Fourth race, mile and an eighth, i the Al
pine Handicap — The Lady > won. La Crimae
second. Scarlet Lily third. Time. 1:55.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Burnle Bunton
won, Ice King second, . Zibia third, Time,
.1:00 4-5,— ' . ': ? ¦¦¦'..• . ¦ ¦
• i Sixth race, ' seven furlongs — Malay won. Ap
proved second. Pftssart third. Time, 1:29. '• •
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling— Velma
Clark won. Hi Kollar second, Has Gift third.
Time, -1:15U. ' , • . .
¦'CHICAGO, May 3. — Worth summary:
- First race, six furlongs — Pretorlus won,
Pronta second. Red Tip third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, half a mile — Silver Fringe w5n.
Stem Winder second,- Tom Cogan third. Time,
:48 4-5. ¦ ¦ ' ' •' > ¦ ' -¦• "
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Nettie Regent won, ! W. B. Gates second. All
Saints third. Time, 1:47. • • , ' •
ST. LOUIS, May- 3,— The Vl facing season
opened at the Fair Grounds to-day.'- Summary :
First race, six furlongs, selling — Salinda
won, Maggie Clopton second, Woodstlck third.
Time, 1:15. " '
Second race, four furlongs, maiden two^year
olds— Seize won, Easy Trade second. Luckette
third. Time. :49%.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
A. D. Gibson won. Kindred second, Orleans
third. Time. 1:07%.
Fourth race. Inaugural handicap, - mile —
Peaceful won, Maximus second, Lady Strath
more third. Time, 1 : 10.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Colonial
Girl won. Father Wentker second, Hainault
third. Time, 1:13%.
RACING AT OTHEB; .TRACKS
Fifth race, tf our: and a: half \furlons:s—^Wobd
lake won. Prince ,of '; Endurance: second.. Ben
Chalice third. Tlme,\:55H. ¦-• ¦¦:- *^ '. - ¦¦- -'":-.¦
Sixth race, six furlongs, -selling* — Last Knight,
won, Glinsen second, IsobeKtmrd. 1 ; W»
field), S to'S/won; Inventor, :il7(R:' Williams)".
10 to 1 and 6' to^-2, -second; Th« Rival 117
(N. Turner), -3 to. 2, . third. ', Time.' 2:08^
Abe Frank, 122 (Coburn), 3 to" 6, also ran.
Alan-a-Dale and Rival coupled as T. ,C.
McDowell's, entry.'. V '¦' ' ¦ ' ¦-...,•.. '-.
New. York — George E. Bailey, Rev. B G
Blalsdell. H- O. ; H. J. Carpenter, H. T. ; Fred
H. Cramer, Georre- A^ Ford, Frank E. Hand
WillJamH. Martin, H. J.B.r William B May
M. P., P. H- Phy.; John G. - H, - Meyers. ' H. . S-. .-
W:; A'. B.' Parker; Glyndon S. .Phillips, H. V. ;
C. R. ; Charles O. Reeves, « M. C. -RutherfonJ
M. D., P. H. C. R; RHeyH.' Schooner; Henry
J. Simmelink.- H. A; ; ... .. ., ., . -.:. ; • : .
North Dakota— C. F. Clark, H.C. R.; G. R.-
Jacobl. H. S ,- — : ., ... '. .... v.
Northern Michigan— C. W. Hutchlnson. I '• '
Northern Minnesota— W. A. Hlcken," P. : H.
C. R. '¦; ¦' * ¦¦ > '¦¦"<¦.•.' -." ' ' ; "; . '.. • > ¦¦, >,'¦
Northwest Territory— C.' "R. Stovel'. ' " • " ' "* : ' '.,
Nova Scotia — Frank ' Andrews,- B. A. : F. M: ¦
Logan. H, 'Ca R. : William M. ReaiJ. P. H.: c:..R. i
-•Michigan— William E. Brown. H. C\ R.;'
: J6hn'--J. 'Campbell,: tti E.VHen'dersori,-' W.* F. '¦
KinfT Jr., James A. McPherson;. M. N.-Mugan,'
"H? C-,-1. B. Richardson, - H. A. Savage; 'Wil-T
7)am H. Sparling, H.- S. ; W,iHlam-Springer, C.
:Pv' stoneV ¦.:.¦.•'¦«. ,"•;, v'-"'»ri.- \^v-n-v- 4^-;i--;
".Alinnesota— E. W. Buckley, M; D.. P. H.' C.
R; H/H.Gilleh; Joseph C.'O-Keeffe, P. II..,
C.. R. - : • y -¦.'• ... ¦ ¦ ' ¦
¦-. "-'Missouri' and' 1 Kansas— Robert "O.'-'Crbs's;* M. '
T);. P. H. C. R- -. ¦ ' ¦:-, ¦: ¦-. - -
.Nebraska — Herman A. Hansen. "-: ¦.. ,; -•'
¦ New . Brunswick — Ephralm R.' Chapman, B. •.'
A... H.C.'R^;. -Alexander:. W..McRae, J. -P., p.:
¦ H. .C' R-; Barrett M. MuHln.: M. D.; George
G.'Scovll.M. P. P.: Harry W. Woods. ' 2 .'
"New Jarsey^-Willett T.. Bingham,. P, >H. C.
¦R;;'JamesC. Calvert." P. H. C. R.;- Henry H;
Ixjwrle, M. D.; H. C. R.;'W. J. : N6rrrian, H T.'
W.J, ; ' O'Brien.. H. V.C.fp,: L.. T v . Tits worth, :
K "H.'C. 'R. ' • •' • ' "• ' "- :'. ¦ j :'l: •.
... Connecticut — William Kennedy,'' H. C." R. - - •
if Eastern -Ontario — Angus W. F*raser. "K.. C.,'-
C.'.R.; Rev. W.H. A.' French; John-Herald, ;
Jf >¦ D 1 ., H. -V. C. R. ; W. E. Crain. M. D., H.
Phy; W. A. Ringer: J. S. R.- McCann.'vH. .X.; '
J.v'S. ,Eagleson/H.- Mess. ; G; H. Groves, M. D. ; :
J). Vi j .Faulkner, .' M. D.. H: J. W." ..-' .
IHir&is—Jshn Fitzgerald. Phil MoDougal; L.
A. McFadderu M. D., II. Ph ?: ; ,W;--C. Schaefer;
George.-M. Shaubel. M. D.. P. H. C. R.; Mris. :
A. -T.- .'Shreuder; . A. - E. Stevenson. H. C. ».;
: John • Terneyv ¦.•.-¦••¦• ' ¦ :¦ ¦'., ¦ •¦' ¦'¦: ¦ ¦'
sirlDdianar^Charles -W. Ennls, P. - H.' . C. " R: ;
George \V. Goft, P; H: C." R. :• ,! « . , . i
'.-¦' Iowa— Peter B. Hpffmann. ' '•- . V- . ,-. .' .
. ¦ Maine— Hon. Martin L. Durgin; "H. C- R.;
H. , B.. Foster: Clarence Scott; P. - H. C. ' R. ;
George 1 L..- Spawlding... P. H. T. ': , ' - ' , • . r ¦
'-.' Manitoba — J.- J". - Armstrong, H. • T. ; ': Thomas
Scott.: P. H. C. R. ¦¦•: ¦¦-¦•;.¦• •"¦-..- -•;,• \ : , ']
¦>¦ /Columbia— R.-'S.. Pyke.".!> ¦'.-¦ ¦;:¦ - .
,:'- ;Callfornia-r^Prescott : -.1*-; •-Archibald, '•": Charles
A'. r'Boehme,- Edward N.^ : Cameron; John.-Fair
weather, J.> P.;, W. S; Rogers, Alfred A.'- St.
:Oalr,"'K.- J. Wendlingr,~and Eugend B. Wilson.
~.s Central .Ontario— W. J.'i Ard; W. P. .Bull,
:P. ¦ H. C ;'jamM Douglas.- 'H. A. ; Atwell Flem
¦Ing:. H.-.T.; Edward 3. Hearn,\ H/ C.-.R.;< \V.
Hunter. P.: C. -FU; Rev.. .Alexander''Mac
•OllUlvray.-.P. H.: C. R.: K./J. -Niddrle. M.. D.,
; «.,- S.;VH.;:J. r Spence. "-Alexander , Stewart.-- ;
'•Colorado— William- Francla Robinson. 13. A., ¦
u.c^h-^-.':: ;,--i : ¦.-.¦¦¦¦ .¦¦-.¦¦,.¦¦•¦
city to-morrow from Los Angeles •
to close the session wjiich during ' the
week' was held in thatcity: The last ses
sion will be held in the Red Men's build
ing, on Post street, on" Tuesday afternoon,
and in the evening the supreme body, will ,.
be tendered^ pubiic reception in the AI
hambra Theater by the: local ; courts of.
tlie^order. There is to be:an*Address ot
welcome by Mayor Schmitz and a re
sponse, by Supreme^ Chief Ranger Divf
"Ofonhytekha, after which i there ~/wpi be a
musical, programme and -addresses by.
; prominent supreme officers. The ¦¦ fqllqw- •;
! Ing day the supreme; officers and repre-.
sentatives will be the guests of. -the San;:
Francisco courts on a -bay : excursion, -
which Is to be -extended to : Vallejo/ arid '
Mare Island- At Vallejo the members of t
the,; supreme body . and • their ¦ ladies and*
the . San Francisco reception committee/-"
of which G. Q, Stewart is president, O.V
K. Brown secretary, and- E.' H. Seymour ,
treasurer, will be the : guests of;C6urt?
Solano at a banquet. After, the" banquet;,
and- a-- few. responses to toasts the. •, party Y
will be taken to the navy yard and* given v
an opportunity to inspect the Government :
works. The party, will: leave this city at
9:30 in. the morning, : accompanied by the •
general membership and any friends who'
may, wish' to! go. '.'._.•¦ s V. ; ~* ¦'¦
The,' following named' compose tfie:suv
preme .;bodyi in "addition to -the officers, *.
, whose » names ;.have " already"-, been " pub- ' ;
! llshed:-. :.V^-sr. "•;;.. - ,.¦!;'" ,-', ¦ "'' -.- *
THE supreme officers •. of and - the
representatives to j the Supreme
Court of the Independent Order
of Foresters will larrivc in this
GLEHDOH TWIRLS
WINNING BILL
ARSENAL FIRST
IN METROPOLITAN
FAVORITES SHOW
TO ADVANTAGE
JOLLITY REIGNS
IN TIBURON COVE
: THE SA^ "FRANCISCO CXLL, SUNDA Yj, MAY 4/> 1902.
SUPREME COURT OF FORESTERS
WILL CONCLUDE IT'S LABORS HERE
30
At this season of the year when Nature is making a 5 J0ss&^k
supreme effort' to purge^ the system of the impurities and X| B^ ' JMfli i^lilltill
poisons that have collected during the winter months a
vigorous and healthy appetite is needed to sustain the body Wi?^\U \
while this purifying process is going on, but this much- 3 ffi.-^fSSJB -^^WP^
desired helpmate is sometimes lacking, for even the beet T^WlilifS^^^jliilM^^^^^^^^^a
regulated . appetite is apt to wrong now and become Jj|§?
unreliable and fickle, and has to be humored and coaxed '
to bring it back to that condition where all food is-rel-
ished and eating becomes a pleasure. A hungry appetite I^^P-^S^^^^^^Sf^
does not have- to be feasted and feted, nor tempted with
dainty viands and delicacies. The plainest fare will t
satisfy its cravings, while a sickly and defective appetite 3^p^@^S^ I^T^rll!}
will /turn with loathing and disgust from the most sump- ~TZ^$j^ jf**\> J^l^l!!
Various methods are adopted to coax back the lost '
appetite. The Liver is prodded, with pills and the Stomach drenched with cheap tonics and;
\ bitters, but tliese : only produce a morbid or variable appetite ; ravenous one day and sickening
-at;the bare thought of food the next. . -"
• ¦ S. S. S. is the ideal Spring Tonic and coaxes an. appetite when nothing else can. It is
GFORriA'S r* fwspii noh' 1101 . 0^ a perfect appetizer and exnilaratingi
GEORGIA S GOVERNOR, tonic, but contains also the properties x needfnl
STATE OF GEORGIA,] . for the ¦ purification of the .blood, and giving that
EXECUTIVE OFFICE, i;; richness and tone, without which perfect digestion
Atlanta, May 8,1899. and assimilation of food is impossible, and tha
! I have used S. S.S., and can recommend it resu lt is dyspepsia witib all its distressing symp-
as unquestionably a good blood purifier, and I toms, capricious appetite, innammation, fullness
am sure the best tonic I ever used. For many 'i^d^beaviness in stomach, nausea, dizziness, andj
{¦¦. years my digestion was bad, but the occasional wor st of all insomnia and nervousness.
use of a bottie of S.S.-S; has entirely cured me ?v^* §• in thus purifying and invigorating
\ of this malady, and I; now eat iwith perfect im- r^ 10 blood renders the greatest assistance to Nature,
punity anything set before me.' or with healthy, nutritious blood circulating
A. D. CANDLER. through the system it is fully prepared for the
vl \ '. '¦'.-.¦¦¦ i ' . ; cnan gss which take place dnrincf the Sprinsr. K
•-there : are;any. defects or weak spots m the constitution they, aVe apt --to develop^s warm
¦ weather comes on and peases have lain .dormant all Winte? come to the surf ace.'
To j^tithigS. S. S, should be^egun at once, so that the germs and seeds of disease may
i|^^^4»to|ras(ms^dCacids neutralized while in a
: torpid, or mactivestate, then, with strong,healtKy blood and ¦¦
a S^;circ^ti^;the m^jn^^ f ]|ife-'niovts on' V^^'r j^***** m *1
andre^ularity, and not only^.good: atmetite is IfN flf"^ r^^
' assured, but sound, digestion and refreshing sleep - S : S S V^^^. \^^^
for:,that^ c fagged out';and semi-invaHd fc^Sj
rcpndrtion^so Common Jat'this^season of . the- year arid the '^^^/ E**~J
¦ c^^^ 1^^ real a^d permarient. In m^' 8BI^ !^ m^
I^Islw^i^I^-— M'%^^ u^^:^ tonic. It contains no*
S^^^^^-^fe^^^f^y -^egetable^ ;Write:onr physicians for anyj
peases mailed free. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
*/his &e.2LSoxr& nobbiest styles / '.',
¦ fn all the latest desJLan<s.
~ tr^r^. ¦ " -i*5ff Tot/* ': O£ALCH rot* TM*- ¦¦¦:ST. PETERSBURG. May 3.— Borisk
Gardiner, an American student, has been
saved from a long term of imprisonment
and ignominious expulsion from the uni
versity by his mother's courage. She
•wrote to the Czar personally demanding
a reinvestigation of the charges against
her son, to the effect that he helped or
ganize a street riot directed against the
heir-apparent. Grand Duke Michael
brother of the Czar. *
The Investigation which followed proved
the charge to be unfounded, and young
Gardiner was released, with the right of
re-entering the university. He will, how
ever, complete his studies abroad.
His Mother Secures TTirn a Rehearing
and His Innocence Is Easily
*..-.V Established. .
Findlayson has been at the Hotel Ra
fael for some time and has been sick
most of the time. Dr. H. O. Howitt, who
has been in attendance, asserts that It is
thought that certain people are trvlng to
obtain Findlayson's money and that
Raum being a personal friend, and him
eelf a wealthy man, applied for letters to
put a stop to a plot
YOUNG AMERICAN STUDENT
IS UNJUSTLY CONVICTED
SAN RAFAEL, May 3.— George Raum
of San Francisco to-day, through his at
torneys, filed papers in the County Clerk's
office asking to be appointed guardian
over the person and property of James
Findlayson. In the letters for guardian
ship it is claimed that Findlayson is a
man of means with no relatives and that
he is at present In a critical condition at
the Hotel Rafael. It is further claimed
that the property Is in great need of im
mediate attention and that Finlayson is
at present incompetent to attend to any
business.
leged Plot to Take Sick Man's
Money.
San. Franciscan Seeks to Prevent Al-
ASKS TO BE GUARDIAN ,V :
over FBnanys person
PHILADELPHIA. May 3.— Senator
Manna, who is visiting C. A. Grls
com. at the latter* s country seat in
Haverford, a suburb of this city, had
retired when the statement issued to
night In New Tork by President Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers was re
ceived here. Early in the evening, how
ever, in answer to questions the Senator
said he had not yet received a. report
from the sub-committee of the concilia
tion committee. He added:
Until I have that report in hand I cannot
ray when I can can a. meeting- of the renerai
committee. If at all. The. conciliation commit
tee was successful in bringing employers and
employes together, which was Impossible a year
ego. Having done this the committee can do
no more unless both sides ask us to arbitrate
some Epecific point. ->-:
Several minor differences have been adjusted
in the conference — little things that hardly
amounted to grievances and that only required
being made known and explained to have them
adjusted. Three principles have been laid down
by the labor people — that no sympathetic strike
Ehould be entered Into: no Interference with
people who want to work and no curtailment
of production to drive prices up.
The executive committee of the three anthra
cite coal districts of the United Mine Workers
vt America. In whom is vested the authority
to inaugurate a strike, have been notified to
assemble at Scrantoa. l*a., at 10 a. m.,
Wednesday, May V. This committee consists
of twenty-eight members appointed from the
three districts, and should a majority of them
vote In lavor of a strike the entire 147.0U0
mine workers will immediately refpond to the
call.
Mitchell was asked if he would say what
occurred at the recent conference between
representatives of the miners and the ope
rators. ; He replied that there was little to
tell except that the operators had refused
to jjrant any concessions whatever to the
men. They would not agree that wages
should be raised, that working hours
should be reduced or that coal should be
weighed at the pit mouth- It was sug
gested to Mitchell that it looked very
much, as If a strike was imminent.
-Well." he replied, "it looks very
threatening.' '
There are In the miners' organization
about 147,000 anthracite coal miners, who
will be affected if a strike is declare'd.
There are also about 37,000 soft coal min
ers, many of whom belong to the union,
und who could be induced to join the an
thracite miners should there be a strike.
Whether that will be done, and the
bituminous as well as anthracite coal
trade tied up, Mitchell said he could not
say. President Mitchell pointed out that
the National Civic Federation had accom
plished the object for which it was
formed when it brought the employers
and the men together. "The only other
function of the federation," said Mitchell,
"is to arbitrate when asked to do so by
both parties to a disagreement. I cannot
say what would be done by the United
Mine Workers, and in any event the good
offices of the \ federation to arbitrate
would not be asked until after the execu
tive committee of the Mine Workers has
met at Scranton."
NEW YORK, May 3.— President John
Mitchell of the United Mine Workers of
America gave out the following statement
to-night regarding the secret conference
between his organization and the coal
operators:
The sub-committee of operator* and miners
selected by the Industrial branch of the Na
tional Civic Federation failed to reach an agree
ment upon any 01 the important isaues enibuuied
iu the miners' ecale adopted by the Shamokln
Executive Committee Will
Pass on the Question
of Striking.
Owners Refuse to Grant
Any Concessions to
the Men.
COAL MINERS
MAY WALK OUT
PORT , TOWNSEND. '. Wash., . May; 3.—
- schooner^ Nokomis, ; arriving ". from
: Hilo \ reports the i brig Tanner „ in ¦ distress
thirty J miles off ! Cape Flattery. •¦ As i near,
as Captain Hansen could see her deckload
of i lumber.' has been; partially lost.
'}', Brig-Tanner in i Distress.
WASHINGTON. May 3.-The;_ House
Committee on .Rules to-day " decidedTo
report a special rule for the considera
tion of the financial bill - introduced by
Hill of Connecticut and reported favor
ably from the Committee on Coinage
Weights and Measures, terminating the
coinage of standard silver dollars
and providing for increase of the
subsidiary silver coinage. The com
mittee also decided to give time
to the anti-anarchy bill . reported • by
Chairman Ray of; the Judiciary Commit
tee and the immigration bill reported by
Chairman Shattuc of the' Immigration
Committee. No exact time was set 'for
taking up any, of the measures.
"-- '. ¦ ' \. '
To Advance Financial Bill.
WASHINGTON, May" 3.— The publishers
who. are < fighting : the exclusion of ".their,
publications from the second-class postal
rates scored a point to-day in' the District
Supreme Court.-; The, court overruled the
Government's motion to require I the com-'
plaining publishers during, the .pendency,
of • the < restraining j orders • . against , the
Postofflce -Department - to' furnish ade
quate \ bond ¦; or .deposit ' cash with > post-'
masters (covering the 'highest third-class
rate '• on ¦ their ; publications, the excess to
be refunded in case the publishers finally,
¦winr*,: ;"¦'/ '.¦¦.,: ' : < ¦'¦».-','•";•. "•- ;¦¦];
Publishers Score a Point.
Licenses to Many.
OAKLAND, May 3.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Charles C. Schol
lett, aged 30, Detroit, and Elizabeth Hast
ings, 36, San. Francisco; William S. Han
sen, 24, and Laura L. Gillogly, 22, both of
Alameda; David J. Welch, 24, and Maude
Nielson, 23. both of Alameda; Frank E
Schetter, 23, and Eva May . Cotter. 18.
both of Elmhurst. ' ' ¦/.. .-="
The second boxing exhibition of the
Ariel Rowing Club will be held Wednes
day evening in Mechanics' Pavilion An
nex. The boxers who Will take part are:
Mike Maher vs. Monte Attel, 105 pounds;
Lou Powell vs. Fred Balango; Young
Wolfe . vs. Chtp Grant, 135 pounds; Fred
Landers vs. Otto Knotfh, 130 pounds; Dan
Barry vs. Al Young, 140 pounds, and Jim
mie Little vs. Paul Martin. 125 pounds. .
Ariel Club Boxing.
'-NEW YORK-j-Arrlved May 3— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre: -stmr Rotterdam, from
Rotterdam and • Boulogne. , .
Sailed May 3— Stmr Rhyndam. for Rotter-'
dam, via Boulogne ; | stmr. Kalserin Marie • The
resa, for ¦• Naples and Genoa; stmr Fumoasia
for Glasgow; itmr Umbrla,.for Liverpool- stmr
Manitou,. for London. '¦. • . , ,,'¦-,.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Campa-'
nia and ' stmr Taurlc. .; from New York.
¦.: Sailed May : 3 — Stmr Saxonia, < for New York '¦
' GLASGOW — Arrived May 3 — Stmr Pomeran
ian,'from Boston. '¦¦ ¦'. . -. ;, ,
. PLYMOUTH — Arrived May 3-Lstmr Penn-'
sylvania, from New York, for Cherbourg, and
Hamburg. ' ¦ - ¦ : • '. ¦ • ¦ . • ¦
¦ - ANTWERP— Sailed May, 3-^-Stmr • Vadarlanl \
f or ' New MYork. '¦-- - • . -, ,',
— , HAVRE— Sailed • May, 3— Stmrs La . Touralne
and La Champagne, for ;New.. York. .. , , .-.- ¦
¦!•¦ SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed ". . May > 3 — Stmr
Klautuchou,/ from 'Hamburg,'; for .'New' York
via" Cherbourg." . *'...-. >, " -., . • , . '
¦ CHKRBOURG— Sailed May 3 — Stmr St Paul -
from 5. Southampton,") for.- New' York." • .¦> ?;-,»• .
• ST JOHNS. * N; F— Arrived ' May 3— Stmr Co
rean. '• from • Glasgow and Liverpool, I for Halifax'
and. Philadelphia.- ¦'•>•; ¦ • : 4
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 4, 2:20 a m—
Stmr Cymric, from New . York, for Liverpool '
and i proceeded.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA, . B C— Arrived May 3— Br bark
Braemar, -from HIoko; " Ger bark . Antigone,
from Santa Rosalia; stmr Queen, hence May 1;
schr Umbrlna, with 322 sealskins; schr Alice
I Algar. . with 323 skins.
FOREIGN PORT.
ASTORIA— Sailed May .3 — Stmr George W
Elder, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Sailed May 3 — Stmr Edith, for
San Francisco. ; '¦•-¦'
Arrived May 3 — Stmr City of Topeka, from
Skazway. - = -' .*
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VICTORIA, BLC. May 3— Stmr Nell reports
deck, beams, some with decking, and spars,
etc, on island sixty miles from : Skidegate. -
MEMORANDUM.
Per bktn Gleaner— April 24, lat 45 N, Ion
127 W, schr Queen, from Port Gamble, for San
Francisco. (Wished . to . be reported all . well.
SPOKEN.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, May 3.'
Stxnr Redwood City, Moe, 20 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ ¦¦ . ¦
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl,' = 7 days from Co
lumbia River. • . /
-Schr North Bend,' Jackson, 8 days from WH-
Iapa Harbor.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
: Resolved, That. the clerk communicate these
resolutions .to the Senate and transmit a copy
of the same to the family of the deceased.-
Resolved, That, as a further mark of -respect
to< the memory of ' the deceased * the House 'do
now adjourn.-. .-< -.'<>¦ ,
The resolutions ' were ' unanimously
adopted. i.
Resolved, That the House has heard '- with
profound sorrow of ¦ the . death rof : Hon. Amos
J. Cummlnes, late Representative from New
York. . ,
Resolved, In recognition of the "lonk.'dis
tinguished term of service rendered -In that
body by Mr. Cummings that appropriate ser
vices be held in the hall of the House on Sun
day,. May 4,: 11)02, at 3 p. m. : ,-••¦.
Resolved. That a committee of fourteen
members of the House,- with such members of
the Senate : as may be Joined, be appointed . to
take action concerning. the funeral. • ->• .•._•••.
. It becomes my sad duty . to announce the
death of my distinguished colleague, Amos J.
Cummlnffs, which . occurred In Baltimore last
night. Of his loyalty v and courage, his devo
tion to duty and unswerving patriotism and his
Ions and distinguished service of the House,
I shall tpcak when 'the House shall set aside
a day. to pay a fitting tribute to hta memory. > ;
':' He then offered the following resolution:
An order was " made to give a day to
claims after the disposition of the'state
hood bill and then Payne of, New York;
the dean of the delegation and the floor
leader of the majority, arose and in sim
ple, but fitting words, made the announce
ment of Cummings' death." He said: •
Cummings was one of the most univer
sally popular members of the House and
his death seemed to come as a personal
loss to the members. '
The blind chaplain. Rev. Dr. Couden, In
his invocation made a touching reference
to Cummings' death, his great services to
his country as a Journalist and states
man, and' he. prayed ' for; those' who | had
been nearest and dearest to him by the
ties of kinship.'
WASHINGTON. May 3.-The death of
Representative Amos J. Cummings of
New York in Baltimore last night caused
general regret and sorrow in the House
of Representatives to-day. Above the hall
the flag fluttered at half-mast and on the
floor the old familiar desk in tho center
aisle near the front row, whicn Cum
mings occupied for so many years, was
drape'd in black and covered with a pro
fusion of purple orchids and spring flow
ers. ' '> : ?' -
..A month ago he dropped some remarks
about , ; his . part 'in a ¦ trlT^edy at ¦ Venita. .
The report .was carried to Sheriff- Si bley,;
who -ascertained that he- was .under, in-.
dictment -and wanted for murder. Last
Thursday he attended a- picnic, at. Clem-'
ents and In some way learned, that a dep- 1
uty sheriff: had': been inquiring for .him.'
He left the grounds on a wheel and since,
then - ihe ! officers . have . been " scouring -, the
country for him.
To-day ' Sibley came on him at the rail-,
road station just as he was about to.
board. a' car. He surrendered without pro-;
test, and told the, Sheriff that he. knew
he was after^him and was starting back
East to give himself • up. The accused
man is but' 26 years old, and claims. that
he did the killing in 'self-defense, -but fled
for fear that he couldnot get l a' fair trial*
owing to political .feeling.
, STOCKTON, May 3.— Sheriff W. F. Sib
leythis afternoon arrested at Elk. Grove
Earl Holt, v formerly City Recorder of
Venita, Indian Territory, on a charge of
murder. . A year ago the 7th of this month
Holt is said to have shot and killed James
Holland, a political rival. He at once fled
the country, and, ''after a ; brief ' stay /in 1
Arkansas, I made his " way to California
last June. " Later he was joined by -hi3
family. He is intelligent and industrious
and became respected by his neighbors. |
Special Dispatch to The Call.
House Adjourns as Mark
; of Respect to His
Memory.- •
SANTA ROSA, May 3.— A divorce was
granted to-day by Judge Burnett to Lulu
May Rhodes, separating her from the
Rev. Arthur Rhodes. Mrs. Rhodes while
on the witness stand told of her husband
having a violent temper. - '
.About a year ago the domestic troubles
in the Rhodes household were the gossip
of the city. Mrs> Rhodes left her hus
band, and he- charged her; of , attempting
to poison him. >•?'' .'
Obtains Divorce From Minister.
Man Wanted in Indian
Territory. Found at
Elk Grove.
. His remarks were accompanied by
many drawings on the blackboard to per
mit his listeners to more easily follow
him. . • -
"Newton admitted," Mr. Hougham said,
"that there was a mechanical 'why,' but
he had failed to find it, and claimed the
discovery of a mathematical 'why* I
claim to have discovered the mechanical
•why' and can materially demonstrate,
mechanically illustrate and mathemati
cally prove it."
Mr.Hougham's theory of motion is ex
actly contradictory to tlie present one;
the present theory is "evolution from a
center to the outer world." His theory
Is "Involution toward a common center."
After forty years of experimenting and
study Mr. Hougham claims to have dis
covered the mechanical and^mathematical
principles in which electric heat and other
forces of matter both materialized .and
etbereallzed operate to produce many of
the phenomena seen in nature.
H. D. . Hougham gave an interesting
lecture last night at Mechanics' Institute
on the "Theory of the Mechanical Cause
of Gravitation and the Tides."
Gives His Theory of the Mechanical
Cause of Gravitation and
the' Tides. -
SCENES AT THE MAY FETE
. WHICH WAS HELD AT AR
BOR VILLA.
LEAENED PROFESSOR
LECTURES ON EVOLUTION
OFFICERS SAY
IT WAS MURDER
Many new features were added . to the
fete this year, the. most amusing perhaps
being the "Samoans," who wandered
through the grounds clad in native cos
tume and "spieling" for the Samoan ex-
dren who scampered over the place at
: their own sweet will.- .
MEMBERS MOURN
CUMMINGS' DEATH
tractions were unique and varied. The
vast garden at Arbor Villa seemed to
bloom with" living fioWers as the gayly
dressed throng -wandered over the vel
vety lawns. The music of several bands
constantly filled the air, mingled with the
merry laughter of the hundreds of chil-
day was perfect, ample accom
modations had been provided for the
transportation of slbht-seers and the at-
May 3.— Everything
ft . \\ conspired to make the sixth an
il If nual May fete to-day a brilliant
social and financial success. The
Miisie of Bands and Children's Laughter
Fill the Air.
Boys' Concert is
' I"! • 1
UJLJJUjr CU..
DOVER,' Del.. May 3.— A certificate of
incorporation was - issued . to-dav to the
Tonopah Water and Power Company of
Carson City, Nev., to -furnish water and
electric light plants and to do a general
mining and milling business. The capital
Is fixed at $1,500,000. The incorporators of
record are Lewis H. Rogers and J. L.
Yerington. Carson City; J. H.Daskell,
Sandy Hill, N. Y.; J. A. Gardner, Brook
lyn, N. Y. • »
Incorporate in Delaware.
A large sum was realized by the man
agers of the affair, and the continuance
of the Central Free Kindergarten is in
sured for another year.
Selections, Columbia Park Boys' Chorus,
under the direction of Sidney Pelxotto; selec
tions. Miss Elizabeth Nella Whistler; songs.
(a) "English May Song." (b) "Wouldn't Your'
(c) "Old Kentucky Home," by Jean Fraser,
Florence Crandell, Geneva Pierre, Alice Mould,
Myrtle Weldon, Helen Stewart, Nona Swain
and Alice Swain, under the direction of Miss
Swain; selections, Orpheus Male Quartet; song,
"Wandering Singers' Patrol," University Glee
Club.
The battle of flowers, which is always
one of the most attractive features of the
fete, . was participated in by old and
young, and after the bombardment' the
porches and grounds were literally cov
ered with rose leaves and blossoms.
A large stage was erected at the foot
of the observation tower and there the
concert by the Columbia Park Boys and
other musical numbers ' were given. The
programme was an unusually good one
and was as follows:
. COLUMBIA BOYS', CONCERT.
hlblt; where Dr. Rabe's fine collection of
South Sea curiosities was displayed.*." ¦
The Samoans were' Harold Haven, F.
W. Bell, Hamilton la ValHere and Miss
Winifred Burdge, Miss „ Charlotte Laws.
Miss Grace Sperry, Miss 'Mae Burdge and
Miss Evelyn Ellis. -UC-, . *
Flower Battle Is
Exeiting.
STOCK SWINGLE
CATCHES BANKS
Warrants Are Issued
. for Wail- Street
Operators.
Ldsses of Sixty Financial
Concerns Exceed Mil
lion Dollars.
NEW YORK; May 3.— The slump in th*
stock market, affecting what is known on
the "street" a3 the Webb-Meyer stocks,
was followed late to-day by a story that
warrants had been issued for the arrest
of one or more persons in this connection.
The story was that the order of arrest
was issued upon an affidavit made by a
Wall street operator, who claimed to have
been fleeced, and further affidavits by
members and employes of various firms,
who alleged they knew the secrets of the
deal. It was further said that, from in
formation placed in the hands of Pierre
M. Brown, an attorney, it was alleged that
sixty banks in different parts of the coun
try are out more than $1,000,000 through
stock manipulations, and the total loss
at stake is placed at from $3,000,000 to
$10,000,000. It was asserted that Justice
Gegeirich of the Supreme Court had is
sued the warrants. He could not be found
to verify the statement until late to-night,
when he said:
So far as I can remember, the statements
which have been made are true and the Quo
tation of the affidavit la correct, though it
must be remembered that I have a great many
papers to deal with in the course of a day — of
an I hour — and, without - having them at hand,
cannot be too certain as to what they contain.
The order of ' arrest was made for only one
man, although I had signed four.
The methods by which the "wash sales'*
were undertaken, it is said, are given in
the affidavit as follows: ¦ __
Orders would be given to several brokers
to sell, the stocks at given figures and
orders would simultaneously be given to
other brokers to buy these stocks so that
the purchases by the last lot would be
made from the first. In this manner
prices were reported of supposed sales,
all of the sales and purchases being made
for the same persons.
The affidavit, it is said, mentions a num
ber of banks located in this city, Boston.
Philadelphia, Washington, Chicago and
other cities which are alleged to have
made loans on some of the stocks.
It is stated positively that Dr. Webb i3
not charged with any offense in connec
tion with the application for the warrant,
or that he received any benefit from the
alleged fraudulent transactions. Up to -a.
late hour to-night no arrest has been
made.
Joseph Hoadley, president of the Inter
national Power Company, to-night re
ceived a letter from Dr. Seward Webb,
tendering his resignation as a member of
the board of directors. Mr. Hoadley said
the resignation would be accepted.
MEXICAN AUTHORITIES y
ORDER KEXEASE OF KRATZ
Crime Charged Against the Former
Councilman of St. Louis Is
Not Extraditable.
ST. LOIUS, May 3.— A dispatch to the
Post-Dispatch from a staff correspondent
at Guadalajara, Mexico, says:
An order from the Foreign Minister to
release Charles Kratz, the ex-Councilman
indicted for bribery, has just been re
ceived here. The offense with which Kratz
Is charged is not extraditable, inasmuch
as the State Department at Washington
refuses to promise to reciprocate. After
Kratz's release he went to the hotel with
his brother.
OFFERS HOMES TO BOEBS.
Land to Colonists.
Argentina Grants Seventy Leagues of
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1802, by the Herald
Publishing Company.
BUENOS AYRES. May 3.— A Govern
ment decree has been signed granting to
ths Boer delegates, Messrs. Baumann and.
Riechardi, seventy leagues of land * in
Cahubut Territory for the purposes of
colonization. The Government is disposed
to grant to the Boers 625 hectares of land
for every family, if Argentine citizenship
is accepted after two years of residence
in this country.
Honorary Degree for Lord Kelvin.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 3.— Secre- ,
tary Anson Phelps Stokes Jr. of the Yale
University corporation has announced
that the honorary degree of L.L.D. will
be conferred next Monday afternoon upon
Lord Kelvin. The degree was voted to
Lord Kelvin last autumn, when a num
ber of other scientists of note from Eu
rope and America were honored.
World's Fair Postponement.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The Senat»
Appropriations Committee to-day decided
to report favorably the amendment post
poning the St. Louis Kxposltlon, intro
duced yesterday by Senator Cockreli. "
ALL THINGS COMBINE TO HAKE MAY-DAY FETE AT ARBOR VILLA,
GIVEN IN AID OF CHARITY, A SOCIAL AND FINANCIAL SUCCESS
the;sasteancisco:call^;susday; :^
31
KIPLING'S
FOR SALE
NEULAKA, the beautiful American
home of Mr.- Rudyard Kiplinj?, situated
in the most picturesque portion of the
Connecticut Valley, about four -miles
from the city of Brattleboro, Vt., has
been placed in ! my hands to be dis-
posed ol
The property consists of 14 acres of
land, a lovely house completely fur-
nished, a largs stable and other out-
houses. This is a typical summer or win-
ter American home, and can be pur-
chased for less than one-half of the
original cost. It is in perfect condition
throughout- , r
For price and particulars address
JOHN C. FINNEY.
606-608 Herman Bide:.. • «.
Milwaukee. Wis.
but Actual
Cures
6— — — — 6 - *
All Men's Diseases
% _ ¦
We Are Not Newcomers— -Our Methods Have
Been Tested for 20 Years — We Cure
Speedily, Thoroughly, - Positively.
WE MAKE NO BOMD PROMISES. BUT WE SAT WITH ASStTRAJJCE THAT
unless your disease Is beyond the extreme verse of hope we can surely and posi-
tively cure you. To the average physician diseases of men are classed Into certain
groups, and to every. patient certain general remedies are prescribed, which may have
merit, but which are not calculated to fit 'the exact condition of each individual. Dr.
r:'.' Meyers & Co. compound. their medicines, and modify their curative agencies so that
th« treatment striken at the very heurt.of ths trouble — you will be conscious almost
. from the very first of a returning health, buoyancy, rigor, strength. This stall or phy-
,' - stctans comprises the rooat . able. ' experienced specialists on the Coast. They are men
who put the whole strength of .their ability into every case,* whether it be a mere
'stubborn, contracted, disorder or' such, dangerous ailments as weakness, vartcocele.
stricture or blood poison. They have cured, 20,000 patlenU. , They will cure you. '
DR MEYERS & CO Mytr va * 9°laono\XB. mineral or other dangerous drug*.
""•/"*"*»"' ** Our famous remedies are* compounded from the purest
and freshest vegetable < extracts by expert chemist*, and given to our patients FREE
OF CHARGE. . .
TERMS REASONABLE lTi »H cases. If It Is not convenient for patlenU to de-
iT \T ,,\. P®" 11 the **n amount of our fee In a bank, to be paid
to us when they are well, they may pay, In monthly Installments.
If you cannot call; .write fully. In confidence, and we will send yoti free In a plain
envelope full particulars of our method of home treatment now being used In every
.part of the Coast; also whatever special advice wa may deem necessary, and state cost
DR SEVERS & CO.
Jox riicL t icex ot>,
San prancjscov \'l^J^-;£L-. K^ —r v : California
Hours-9 to 12, Ito 4; Evenlnsrs, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 11.A most agreeable feature of the oast
week in the circle of the Foresters -of
America was the banquet given; by Court
Eclipse in a Powell-street rotisserie on
the last Saturday in April,- in. celebration
.of the nineteenth anniversary of its lnsti '
tutlon. The wives and lady relatives of i e
members had been invited ¦y and '• ' wefe
largely . in evidence in the very tastefully
decorated dining hall. ": A very toothsome
supper was discussed while the : Haw
thorne orchestra discoursed sweet music
Between Past Chief - Rangef
Thomas B. Goodwin.; the- toastmaster
ca lied f or . responses to toasts after Dr
William A Hansen. chairman : of the
committee of arrangements, had delivered'
a very^interesting introductory .address
P U F£ K .t^ Ash f r ' R i G - ; C - R - responded
to . the "Foresters of America in Califor
?. Ja 1,. Ge ° r se § eed ' toM abou t "Our
Court"; Grand Secretary, John J. Cordv
spoke of the '"Growth of *• Our ; Order-"
Charles E. Royer - told ; what he >: knew
about "The Individual forester" ; •Demitv'
Grand Chief M.> J. Maguire re
sponded to "Our Motto"; Past Chief Ran
ger Joseph Millmore was to have respond'
ed to "The Ladles," but ; he did notfhave
an opportunity, -owing. to the lateness of
the . hour to tell what he , intended to sav '
FORESTERS OP AMERICA.
The new council that was instituted last
week in the Mission district has been
named Mission Council and has the fol
lowing officers for the first term: W H
George, president; G. ,B. Badgley, vice
president; S. A. Bishop, speaker; L. Mc-
Donald, ex-president; W. A. Hargear,
NATIONAL UNION.
Miss Alice Ticoulet paid the last of her
official visits , to Bonita Circle in Man
gels' Hall at I Twenty-fourth [ and Folsom
streets last Thursday - night. The circle,
which is. one of the small ones of i this
city, but loyal to, the core and * endeavor
ing to do air It can to uphold the princi
ples of ; the organization, showed its - ap-'
preciation . of the visit by decorating ' the
hall with 5 ribbons ' of '; various colors and
covering the stations 'with -flowers and
evergreens. QB The -¦ circle i I initiated three
candidates/ the work:. being done, in . a
very creditable . manner. . After the initia
tion the | grand I chief : companion , delivered
a \very; interesting address,, declaring that
the time was drawing near, when I she will
lay, down the gavel of authority, and that
while . she was % glad 'to be relieved : of the
many responsibilities that the office had
imposed- upon ('her'; during the term she
regretted; that the. close* of the term -, was
so : close • at ' hand ' because ; of i the ' many
kindnesses ' that : had ' been shown ,* to'< her
and the -help extended -by the entire mem
bership,' which ~had ? so much
friendship herself and'; the gen
eral membership. -.She promised that, not
withstanding the fact tljat she -would soon
be placed * with 1- • the ¦:• '.'has beens," :• ' she
would '.-. maintain J.. the ¦' same > interest ;, with
the * circles" that- she : had '.while f a ¦ grand
officer, and would ; do all in her, : power > to
help ' them ; along. Then there s were ad-
j At a meeting last Tuesday night of dele
gates from all of the local circles of the
Companions ; of the .;: Forest of America,
held for the purpose of devising ways and
means for the entertainment of the offi
cers of and delegates to the Grand Circle
that is to meet In this city next June,
Miss. Alice Ticoulet, grand chief compan
ion, was elected president, Mrs. . Emma
Harrington, past grand chief companion
was elected secretary, and Mrs., Lizzie
Atwood, supreme sub chief companion;
was elected treasurer. ¦ A number of plans'
were presented for entertainment. It was
decided to ask all of the local circles and
those of Alameda County to make a con
tribution on the; basis, of 10 cents per
capita' in order to raise sufficient funds to
get up a social and a banquet. . Mrs L
Atwood, Antoinette Castle and Mrs. C
Tucker were appointed a committee- on
banquet, and Mrs. - Harrington, Sarah
Beverson and Mrs.E. J. Steinweg a com
mittee on hall. The next meeting will be
held on the 23d inst., -when reports will be
presented. , > .< • ..-¦¦- .
On the last Monday , in April New Cen
tury Circle had. a , basket party, which
proved to be a very, successful function
Each member brought '-,.. a basket of
goodies, which was : disposed of by auc
tion, and realized al goodly sum' for the
social fund of theicircle. After the con
tents of the. several baskets had been dis
cussed there, was a dance. '.'-':¦¦
AMERICAN' COMPANIONS.
- Last Monday night Loyal Rebekah
Lodge had an open meeting, when there
was presented an entertaining pro
gramme of. varied numbers, which in
cluded a violin solo by Edith Peters, vo
cal duet by Belle de Haro and Annie
Reinhold, and recitation by Mrs. P. Kel
ler. This was followed by a hat-trimming
contest by men, each having to trim a
hat within a" limited time. The first prize
went to M. Higglns and the second to
W. B. Fields. The programme closed
with a recitation by Miss Marie Kelly,
after which there ', was dancing. Miss
Ella R. Bourne, the noble grand, was the'
mistress of ceremonies.
affair' was under the management of Sa
rah. Draffln;Josle Wolworth, Frances
Hinton, Mattie Webb, Luett Deitz, Sarah
Kleiss, Louis Hammersmith - and C. W.
Hinton. The grand march was made up
of a picturesque lot and the judges— J. T.
Gibson, G. R. Meyerdink and. Lena Jarvis
—had to do considerable guessing to ar
rive at a conclusion as to which of the
dressed-up ones- were entitled to prizes.
After several dances the prize winners
were announced as follows: Best dressed
lady Lizz'e Sullivan; best dressed gen
tleman, C. J. Turner: most original lady s
costume, May Latham; most original gen
tleman's costume,. J. Giovanusene; best
sustained character, lady, Miss Bennett;
gentleman," T. F. Munroe; best ladies
group May E. MdPhee, F. Henderson and
MB. O'ConneH; male group, Ralph
Meinberger, J. T. Carren and Harry Re
gan There were some members of the
lodge who feared that the affair would be
a frost, but before the second dance had
been started they tad reason to change
their minds.
Silver Spray Lodge was instituted at
Pico Heights last week with a good
charter list by Mrs. Nellie Mlchell,
president of. the assembly.
Mission Rebekah Lodge celebrate^ its
wooden anniversary last night, and
everybody who attended, and there were
many, was presented with a wooden sou
venir of the occasion. On Saturday, the
10th inst., this lodge is to have a whist
and bowling tournament In the lodge
room. There will be teams from the mem
bership, four on each side, and these will
compete for prizes. Then there will be
progressive whist. . Bowling In a lodge
room Is a novelty, and it Is likely to m.
.terest all the members of the lodge. Mes
dames Willlston and Mrs. Hurj^ and
Frank D. Worth are the comn^Uee on
entertainment.
¦i There will, be , an' official visit by th«
District , Deputy ,• Grand •. Matron • to Berke
ley Chapter; on the. evening of, Tuesday
next. The members of this chapter .were
entertained at a house warming. 1 given by
Mr.f and Mrs. Sharff: last Tuesday. -' .
t -Last . Friday - night . District .- Deputy
Grand . . Matron Mrs. > ; Anna M. Johnson
paid .¦ an - : official v visit to Golden Gate
Chapter;; the chapter; 1 of the or
der In* California. ':,, The; event was an un
usually; pleasant 1 one; - as it ,was;the thir
ty-third • anniversary . of the foundation of
thechapter. -,
Maspha Chapter, Order; of the Eastern
Star, was Instituted at Brentwood, Contra
Costa County,- on the night of the 23d of
April by Worthy Grand Matron Mrs.
Clara A. Giberson, assisted by Grand Sec
retary Mrs. Kate J. Wlllats and the mem
bers of Ariel Chapter of Antioch. The
leading officers of > the new chapter are-
Mrs l. Henrietta : St;one, worthy .matron!
Witt, Jereslaw,- worthy patron,' and Mrs
Isabella Buchanan, associate matron The
event took place in the new Masonic Hall
Which was for the occasion lavishly dec
orated with roses of every ¦ hue and
smilax. The work of the order was 7>*
emplihed by the officers of Arlll Chapter
in a very satisfactory manner. The cere
monies of the were followed by
a banquet -that was enjoyed by all pres
ent and i which closed with best wishes
for the prosperity of the new chapter
niT-h? ; i e f Ct^ re a oo^ musicale given on the
night of the^ 29th of April under the
auspices of San Francisco Chapter No
196. waa one of those rare treats that. is
seldom given to^an audience in the fra
ternal world.- The musical programme
rendered by Professor W. Clarkson's
Mandolm and Guitar. Club was composed
of the following named: Mandolins—
Misses Anna Cattermole, Carrie Piperline
Lizzie Lagomarsino, Mary de Martinil
Adele Heeder, Mrs. K. Hathaway, Misses
Jeannette Minnie Abell. Rosie
Rosenblatt. Ella -Donlin, Rena Conley,
Messrs. Walter Needham; Isadore Gold
stein. Emil Scheer, Henry Haake and
Emil -Bose; guitars— Mesdames M. Mer
rltt, M- Poole, VV. Clarkson, Millie Bell,
Misses Amelia Bose, Rae Goldstein, Min-
Misses Amelia Bose, Rae' Goldstein,
Minnie Pratt and M. Miramonte, and
by Mine. Celestine Delmara, AVilllam
Parker Warren, George Lerond and Mrs
Evelyn Cardoza was high class in every
particular and was well received and
heartily applauded by many in the audi
ence .who are noted in local musical
circles.. The .lecture on VThe History of
Freemasonry," which closed with an elo
quent tribute to the membership; par-'
ticularly the ladies thereof, of the order
of the Eastern Star, was by the worthy
patron, C. L..P. Marais. It was based
upon records and also on personal re
search in connection with the foundation
of "Human Rights Lodge No. 1 of Men
and .Women Free Masons ¦ of France "
while the lecturer was for a number of
months a resident of Paris a short time
since. It was a masterly compilation of
facts, grouped, in a most interesting and
entertaining manner and was a revelation
to many who were of the opinion that
they-were well up in Masonry and all^its
ramifications.' At the close of the lecture
Mr. Marais was the recipient of many
congratulations for his very instructive
presentation of the subject. The affair
was under the direction of the following
committees: Entertainment committee—
Mesdames - Charlotte E. Marais," Bertha
Mackrett,; Carrie Robinson, Anna Soren
sen,,; Laura Lowrie, Ella L. Hevener,
Celestine Delmara, ¦ Messrs. , C. L. : P.
Marais, George W., Geauque, J. M.'Low
rie, J. A. Sorensen;. reception committee —
Mesdames Eva Scheeline, Maud E. Sippel,
Lottie cRothman, ' Jennie Coon, Sophie
Sutter, Emma ¦ Healing, Lonesti p<of.
Misses Anna Cattermole, Josephine Wal
worth, Messrs. E.V. Pasquaie, H. H.-jju
vis, Charles Balzarini, Nieis Larsen, L.
C Larsen, Fred Anderson, , Paul Van
Loon, John Ralph, George' F. Healing. ,
San Francisco Chapter will .have work
in the initiatory degree to-morrow night
after which the. hospitability of the chap
ter will be made manifest.
.District Deputy -Mrs. Sturdivant paid
an official visit on the night of. the 1st
inst.: to Oakland Chapter and was , well
received by. the, large representation of.
membership that attended . the session
and i by the; visitors. T After the- work of
the", evening there; was a social hour and
a banquet. V ". •:• • . ; . ?.
Anew chapter^ of the order, named
Ionia, ' was . instituted at Davisville by
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Clara A. Gib
erson, . assisted by Grand Secretary Mr9.
Willats and officers and members of.Yolo
Chapter of Woodland, District "¦ Deputy
Grand Matron Mrs. Seymour, Past Grand
Matron . Mrs. Gertrude > Swain ' Freeman.
Past Grand Associate Matron Kate Eliz
abeth Boyd ' and • Carrie - marie - Blowers
of Yolo. Chapter. - The ceremony of Instj.
tutionand Installation of the-officers was
followed by. a banquet. ' v - • ....
THE EASTEBN STAR.
• Arroyo Grande No. 258 — George Grieb ¦ '
Lodl No. 259— Samuel B.;Axtell
• Plymouth No. 260— E. .V. Tiffany. . ' :
•Scepter No. 262— R. G. Pellow. .
Evening Star No. 263— William Crowhurst.^
Hanford No. 264— M. L. Doss. L. W. Swea
ney. • .
. San Mateo. No. 265— C.W. Christensen
Grand Island No. 26« — S. Gilmour. . ¦.
North Butte No. "207 — F. Hoeeboom.
Buena Vieta No. 268 — J. A. Deruchle : '!
¦ Pleasant Grove No. • 2C9 — F. B. Dreanon •
Berkeley No. 270^ — George C. Pape. B ' E."
Underwood.
Redding: No. 271 — George H. Burdick, Fred
Micbaelson. . •.
i Porter No. 272 — Charles ' N. Fox, A. E. ¦ Tarr '
F. J Wentworth, ' W. F. Woods. ¦ -.•* ¦•¦'¦
Adln.No. 273— E. M. . Wi'.ston; ;:
Elk Grove No. 274 — John Duffy. W. Renwiek.
-Fraternal No. 276 — J. H. Andresen. J. - W.
Rowling.
. Kernville No. 251— G. T. " Van .Voorhees.
GreeneviHo No. 252— E. A. Dwenger.
Harbor No. 253 — Samuel Adams, C. F. Her-'
Htz and James Rye.
Anderson No. 254 — E. G. Dack. : '¦ ':," : :
Pleasanton No. 255 — F. M. KruseJ l'-'-.}J ¦ . ;
River NO.-256 — E. A. Allen. : -. ¦ ' .. ,
¦ Morse No. 257 — Mark A. Xtevine, J. A. Samp
son, George' Sherman. ' " ; '• . .•
Hansen. ...
Chorro No. 16S — H. P. Mathleson and D,
Thaler.
Tolo No. 169 — Frank Weber. -
Stanislaus No. 170 — G. P. McKeag.
Ophir No. 171— George W. Collier and
Thomas Stevenson.
Montezuma No. 172 — James Clark and W. E.
Pedrick. -
Lupyoma No. 173 — George W. Mlnstrell.
Uklah No. 174 — A. S. Bailey and E. G. Case.
- Sumner ' No. 177 — William C. Braasch and
Frank O. Houskin. ' ¦ ¦' ' '¦"«? ¦ - ¦ • ••' "• ?
Allemania No. 178— H.'M. Stammer.. - v
Occidental ¦¦ No. 179 — J. L. - Hupman and
George W. Wlmmer.
Rio Vista No. 180—^ ' . •
Hesperian No. 181-^-J. S. Arbuckle. i
Monterey . No. 182 — E. B. Rich. . I
Etna No. 184— Alex Parker Jr.
Yuba City No. 185 — John • Esenman • and
Charles P. Peters.
Fresno No. 186 — E. M. Bishop, A. M. Drew,
H. Ford, H. D. Ewlng and T. "J. Kirk.
Frecionia No. 188 — Robert Beatty.
Orion No. 189 — O. Whipple and C. W. Wll-
Bloomfield No. Ml— .B. Coburn.
Mayfleld No. 192 — J. K. Albee.
Cloverdale No. 193 — Jasper Linville.
Cosmopolitan No/ 194 — Nicholas Fick, T. P.
Jarvis and 1^. G. Schord. • .. . . ¦
Nietos No. 197 — Jacob J. Nagle.
Fountain No. 198 — R. J. McMullen and F.
E. Whitney. I
Anaheim No. 199 — Charles J. Fay.
Marin No. 200 — F. M. Angellottl and Louis
Ventura No. 201— M. E. V. Bogart and
Arthur Norman. ¦;.;; 1)
Kern No. 202— A. W. Marion- and W. C.
Moss. '
Roseville No. 203 — B. D. Pitcher.
Golden Gate No. 204 — S. M. Gruman, I. E.
Jarrettand Louis Krasen. _
Alta No. 205— Job Atkins, C. W. Derby, M.
L. Gross, C. O. Paradls and C. R. Thane. ;
Cahto No. 206 — Charles A. Irvine.
Franco-American No. 207— L. Carralne, E.'
A. Lemoine, E. Thiele and E. Turpln.
Merced No. 208— L. H. Bradley. A. L.
Scofteldand L. 3. C. Wegner.
Welcome No. 209— Willard R. Stewart.
Eel River; No. 210— C. E. Bryant and George
W. Ow6ley. r '"***-• . ' ¦
Orangedale No. 211-rO. O. Oliver.
Meridian No. 212-^Henry E. Glpson. .
Stellar No. 213— George W. Jarvis, J. \*.
Milliken and T. J. Richards.
Elmira No. 214— George R. Dally.
Osceola No. 215— E. D. HIgby. . ' '.
Golden State No. 216— <5. W. Bassford, F. B.
Houpeman and T. Muirhead. ;'..;
Stony Creek No. 218— J. S. Cleek.
Livermore No. 219— N. D. ' Dutcher and Wll-
a Fcrndale No. 220— C. Eskeson, H. J. Rln?
and S B Swift. ' ;
Fortuna No. 221— Ira B. Hannah, T. H. Sel
vage and G. A. Waldner. * . '
Fidelity No. 222 — T. H. Crossman, William B.
Curtis Albert W. Downes. Henry Jacks, Niels
M Petersen C. F. Phillips and William E.
wVichhart. «^
Hcney Lake No 223 — Leonard Grass.
Laeuna No 224 — M. A. Barca. '
Orange No. 225 — E. W. Hardy and W. W.-
Perkins.
Pescadero No. 226 — Henry Dearborn.
Callstoga No. 227— F. S. Crouch.
O&kdale No. 228— W. F. Lee.
Capay No. 230— W. T. McGlothlln.
San Leandro No. 231 — C. Christensen.
Channel City No. 232^ — A. D. Martin. V ..
TcmalftS No. 233 — E. M. Hundley.::, '-'I
Salmon Cre«;k No. 2«— Lee G. Morelll.
Santa Ana No. 236— James .Cameron, John N.
Ellis Theo Lacy and D. G. McClay. ' .
True Fellowship No. 2:18 — W. B. George, W.
J. Hayward and J. C. Morrison.
Phoenix No. 239— V. tE. Krefger and G. W/
Koblo. < • ¦ ¦ '¦
Garcia No. 240^ — Ed Zimmerman. ~ r £ \
Upper Lake No. 241 — Amos Ogden. : .;
Franco-Italian No. 242 — S. Gaspalou. p :/*-V:
Mountain View No. 244— O. J. Hatch. i ¦.
Pcmona No. 246 — W. M. Avis and C." G. Gil-'
bert : . : !
Centennial No. 247— L. H. West. i :
Lompoc No. 248 — W. C. Ball and J. G. BIs-^
6 o3ir\'llle No. 249— J. N. Jaqulsh.
Hydesville No. 250— P. Anderson and A. Pe
terson. *. ,
1 San Diego No. 153 — John Engelbret, Joseph
Foster, C. C. Hakes and S. M. Puyear.
Gilroy No. 154^ — C. S. Holmes and George E.
Tice. ,
Pacific No. 155 — A. E. Graupner. • E. A.
Holmes. F. D. Macbeth, John Thompson and
F. L. Turrln. • • .
Santa Barbara No. 156 — Thomas R. Dawe
and Jacob Geib.
Industrial No. 157 — A. P. Broughton, A. N.
Bullock, C. M. Harrison, D. J. Mannlx, A. J.
Van Zant, P. S. Watson and E. I. Woodman. ¦
Independence No. 158 — Edwin Taylor. '
San Benito No. 159 — F. A. Hodges.
¦ Golden Rule No. 160 — R. A. Brown, Richard
V. Ott, W. P. Schlosser. - '
¦¦ Evergreen No. 161 — Ar* O.' Hinshaw. -
• Donner No. 162 — F. O. Meyers and H. R,
Oliver. • . . .
Alisal No. 163 — Albert M. Carpenter and
Claude F. Lacey. s . : ¦
Encinal Lodge No. 164 — James Fowler and
D-. W. Martin.
Golden Star No. 163 — John Hocking and -I.
Stein. : . •
Mound No. 166 — Leonard Hutz, A. D. McKln
hon. Albert Orr.
Sc. Helena No. 167 — A. N. Bell and Hans
Little Lake No. 277— G. A. Smart.
Mcdoc No. 278— John E. Raker.
Bodle No. 270— J. W. Brown.
Lemoore No. 2S0 — S. MCLaushlin.
Redwood No. 281 — W. J. Beaver. D. B.
Peuih. ' .
Riverside No. 282 — E. H. Gruwell. W. W.
phelps. A. Piddington. F. P. Wilson.
Brownsville No. 283 .
Birds Landing: No. 2S4 — H. W. Donell.
JjlVestern Addition No. 2S5 — C. N. Jensen, M.
T. Moses. .
Big, Valley No. 286—
Madison No. 287— W. H. Mitchell. "
Monroe No 289 — J. H. Graves, P. Lyons,
A. J. Wade. .
Token No. 290 — T. W. Ohickworth. H. P.
Gausner, F. W. Nlsh. ' • ; . - :¦ >
Morllla No. 291— C. D. Kafader. '
Mohawk No. 292 — Jacob O. Richards.
Grafton No. 293 — D. F. Houx.
Ridgely No. 294— F. F. Watklns.
I Farmington No. 290 — F. C. Wilkes.
' Martinez No. 297— M. N. Mitchell.
Enterprise No. 298 — Warren Heaton and
Henry K. Snow. . . .
West Point ..No. 290—^John Gouldson.
-;"Cayucos No. 300 — James A. Flood.
' Inyo No. 301 — F. E. Densmore.
Santa Maria-No.v302-r-A., F. Fuisrer. .. .
"Fall River No. 301 — George Guthrle.
Corning No. 305 — J. H. Petemon.
Tulare City No. 300 — G. A. Brunner. J. M.
Sllnkard and C. W,"Tomklns. -
Camptonvllle No. 307—
. Exeter No. 308 — Frank B. Teagrue. -v ,
i Selma No. 309 — ¦- '.' ¦ ¦ ¦'
Excelsior No. 310— S. H. Robinson.
Durham No. 311 — "
Sheridan No. 312— John Rlchey.
; Vorwarts No. 313— W. Breakenfelder.
Santa Paula No. 314 —^WilliBn Hales.
.Oro No. 315— J. T. Klngr. (
• Spring Valley No. 316— C. W. Kline.
Foothill No. 317 — George F. Perkins. ' ;
• Dunnigan- No. 318 — Owen Mellcoat.
Covelo No.' 319 — ¦ . : . - » . . ..
Forestville No. 320— J. R. Tbomas.
Newville No. 321— O. M. Burt. • • ' '
Golden West No. 322 — W. A. S. Nicholson,
E. K. Rountree and J. H. Thrane.
Goodwill No. 323— W. A. Henry and George
M. Hutchlnson.
Pasadena No. 324— W. H. Korstlan and R.
H. Starrett.
East Side No. 325 — R. C. Difndas and J W
Tyler.
Colton No. 326 — D. A. Bruce. ¦
Madera No. 327 — W. N. Ames.
¦ Sunset No. 328-^Eugene Daney. T. t>. Dar
ling, William Franks and A. P. Johnson Jr '
' Crockett No. 329 — E. R. Harris and C. A
Tendick.
Monrovia No. 330— H. C. Jellison..;*"^ '
Bishop Creek No. 332— M. S. McLeod.
Lake No. 333— C. W. Hartman.
' Presidio No. 334— John Ferretti, J. R. Fraser
and . John T. Gibson. -
Byron No. 335 — P. C. Petersen.
Olive Branch No. 336 — J. S. Sitton.
. Rocklin No. 337 — S. O. Odom.
;! Mystic Tie No. 338 — Nelson Snyder.
Fallbrbok. No. 339 — P. L. Baker.
. Nacimiento No. 340—
Redlands No. -341— J. E.- Pay ton and Jesse
Simpson.
Mount Whitney No. 342— G. M. Dopkins
Central California No. 343 — W. H. Harris
M. A. Morgan. ¦ , ' , '
. Escondldo No. 344 — Alvln D. Dunn
- Ontario No. 345— R. O. Brackenridge, John
Gerry or. ' > •
: Oceanside No. 346 — William Pickle
jj^lue Lake No. 347— Marion AUyn. Ed L.
Embarcadero No. 348— Carl Carlson
Santa Lucia No. 350— Joseph Iverson. . >
Lakeport No.. 351— C. W. Haycock.
: OriBtemba No. 354— H. C. Lausen
• Clement No. 355— Whft EarbC
• Delano No. 350 — J. E 'Bailey
Scandia No. 357 — Eskel Eskelsen
San Bernabe No. 358— Bert Kellogg
Portervllle No. 350— Hugh TemplVtfn
Turner raW Na 3e °~ W - J " H - D °^e? Charles
Maxwell No. 3C1— John Hannah
Covlna No. 362— W. F. Snodgrass.
Fowler No. 363— C. E. Barnett
Florin ,No. 304— J. F. McAllister
San Fernando No. 365 — John Burr
Citrus No. 367— John Knoll. '
Sargent No. 368 — W. W. I^yon F v ir^ttv.
Seaside No. 360-Willlnm L^ Mu»er '
nett Ekly -° U N °' 37 °— . F - A - Alcorn, c. W. Ben-
Semi-Tropic No! 371— E. J. Baldwin nit
Landsberg. P. J. Waller. M. A WesneT
Gabllan No. 372—1. / p. Gambetta ¦ ¦ '
/Chino No. 373— C. C. aothler .
¦ Mount Campbell No. 374— Andrew Winter
Sanger No. 375— N. L. Durgin i - wlnter - ¦
Circle No. 377-O. A. Arborn! M. B. , Crab-
Danville No. 378 — C. G. Goold
Onward No. 380 — G. D. Little'
• Dinuba No. 381 — H. Furtney
. Nlles No. 382 — James W. Clarke
San Jacinto No. 383— E. P. Sage'r '
| Elmhurst No. 384— George W. Somem
Bridgeport No. 386— C. L Hayes : '
Commercial No. 387— A. B Drakp . '
Glendale No. 388— E. W. " Sznith ?: !
West End NO.-389— J.-c. Stedman. "
MRS. NELLIE MICHELL, PRESIDENT OF CALIFORNIA ASSEMBLY
OF REBEKAHS, WHO WILL RETIRE AT THE NEXT SESSION OF
THE ASSEMBLY, TO BE HELD HERE NEXT WEEK.
Hesperian and Norma groves and Boa
dicea circles will have a joint picnic at
Fairfax Park on the 25th of May.
Hesperian Circle No. 20 Is arranging for
an entertainment and dance to be given
on the 7th of June. Mrs. D. Bamman and
H. Menke are the leading spirits of the
committee. ¦ • ¦ •
Last Monday night the following named
were elected officers of Hartnagle Su
preme Arch Chapter No. 3: L. A. Wolff,
chief Druid; Henry Menke, chief bard; F.
J. Horn; treasurer; E. C. Luchessa: secre
tary; G. Pelegrini, guide; J. L. Gomez,
Inside sentinel; Jacob Wessner, outside
sentinel,, and C. C. O'Donnell, trustee.
Noble Grand Arch J. S. Godeau, ac
companied by Grand Secretary Martinonl,
Grand Treasurer Horn, Pasf Arch Bam
man and a number of others, paid a visit
to McKinley . Grove last Friday night,
when three strangers were initiated into
the' ovate's' degree- In3a:*manner that- won
for theofficers of the grove a great many
words of - commendation. - Deputy . Grand
Arch Guglielmonl said that > he . had no
ticed complimentary notices in the fra
ternal department of The Call in relation
to the grove, and that after, having made
three visits to it unexpectedly he had dis
covered - that the notices were not suf
ficiently flattering, considering the decor
ous and impressive manner in which- the
business of this subordinate is conducted.
After the Initiation the following officers
were installed for the current term by
District Deputy Noble Grand Arch Stock,
assisted by Deputy Grand Arch Gugliel
moni, Grand Secretary- Martinonl/ Grand
Treasurer Horn, Past Arch Bamman and
Past Arch Manser: R. J. Zowasky, noble
arch; W. L. Robertson, vice arch; Morti
mer F. Smith, recording secretary; C. W.
Drews, financial secretary; C. F. Wach
ter. treasurer; L..J. .Buckelier, conductor;
J. H. Peterson, inside guardian; \V. Kas
tenschmidt, outside guardian. Dr. B. F.
McElroy becomes junior past arch. The
following named past arches were elected
as delegates to the Grand Grove: H.
Bowe, Fred Manser, E. C. Stock and Dr.
B. F. . McElroy. After the close of the
grove there was the fourth; degree in the
banquet hall 6f the Pioneer building,
which was administered, by W.H. Bowe,
Tom Thornton and a number of volun
teers.; This was greatly enjoyed by all,
end after the .excellent collation, which
was a part of the degree, had been dis
posed of there were short addresses by
the grand officers, Junior Past Arch Dr..
B. F.- McElroy, Noble Arch Zowasky,!Su
pervisor Bent, a member of. the grove,
and Tom Thornton, after ; which /cheers
were given for. the noble grand arch and
for the grove.
The. picnic that was given by Man
zanita Grove in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains last-week was attended by about 800
persons and was a very enjoyable affair.
The grove in Sutter Creelc at its lasL
held meeting initiated seven candidate*
and by- so doing increased its member
ship to seventv-two. .
- Mission Grove Of San Luis Obispo is still
advancing. At its last held session It
initiated two strangers and received two
petitions. Under the leadership of Dr.
Knowles, the noble arch, this grove has
had a most successful term. Dr. Knowles
will take part in the proceedings, of the
Grand Grove at Napa next June.
Alplni Grove added seven more , to its
roll of membership at its last held meet
ing. It also conferred the second and the
third degree on twenty-two eligibles., The
principal officers in carrying on the work
were J. Peduca and D. Lucapa. '
On the last Saturday in April. Noble
Grand Arch Godeau,/ accompanied by
Grand | Secretary Martinonl and Past
Arches, D. Bamman* and J. L. Gomez,
paid a special visit to Morgan. Grove in
Redwood, City, where a large' class of
strangers was . initiated, Bamman acting
as noble arch, Martinonl as vice arch, the
noble grand arch as past arch and Gomez
as conductor. There was a good attend
ance and- much enthusiasm. The grove
promises another class for the near fu
ture. After the ceremonies there was a
banquet at Anderson's Hotel, where Judge
George - H. Buck, P. N. G.' A., occupied
the head of the table with the visiting of
ficials. There were interesting talks by
the visiting officers, Judge Buck, J. S."
Stafford and A. A.' Anderson. - •
THE DRUIDS.
- Several of t ne parlors have levied* an
aseessment of 50 cents in aid of. the en
tertainment fund, but many of the mem
bers of such parlors have declared " that
they will not pay the assessment on the
ground that there is no authority to levy
such, notwithstanding that the grand
president' has declared in a- decision that
such^an assessment can be levied if a
parlor so decides by a mljority vote.
_ Some one has suggested that the Grand
Parlor that is to - meet in this city in
June adjourn in time to ¦ allow the rep
resentatives to go. "slumming" through
Chinatown.. Grand Vice President knz*
D. Keith has declared herself against
such a proposition. She says that the
order of Native Daughters of the Golden
West, which was formed for the purpos*
of upholding all that is good, should not
place the seal of official recognition upon
the plague spot of San Francisco, ana
at M n^ he V, ontrary a-11 loyal citizens
should, do all they • can ; to obliterate
rather than- perpetuate a hideous spot as
an attraction for tourists or a holiday
trip for the visiting Native Daughters.
During the past year Miss Frakes, the
grand secretary, has received a numb°r
of letter, congratulating her upon the
P K. n 5 ed Proceedings and her good work as
chief scribe of the order, but Alta Parlor
has the proud distinction of being th*
first 'to send the grand secretary an- offi
cial letter of thanks and praise.
1 J tie l followin S named , were visitors at
the office of the grand secretary during
the- past week: Emma Gruber Foley,
Orinda Parlor; Dr. Florence A. Temple
Darina^Parlor; Dolly P. Hyams, Sans
Ucl M ParIor; Mrs - M ary Valerite, city:
Mrs. Mary T Capurro, city; Lillie Borle and
Mrs. Kate Lester of Genevieve Baker Par
lor; .Myrtle Harp of Angelita Parlor; E.
D. Keith grand vice president; Hannah
Bailey of Darina Parlor.
. Alta Parlor discussed the , proposition to'
levy an assessment on the members to
raise a fund for the entertainment of the
grand officers and delegates, and con
cluded that such an assessment could not
be levied, but wishing to help the project
the parlor donated $100 toward the fund.
Orinda Parlor got over the assessment
proposition 1 by. voting $25- to the enter
tainment fund. ' -
The. announcement that, Darina Parlor
had placed- itself on record against the
proposed assessment of SO cents per cap
ita for the purpose, of raising a i fund to
entertain the grand officer* and delegates
to the Grand Parlor was premature. . It
should have been that ; the' parlor pro
poses to take the ' matter ' under eon.slcK
eration, and that the authority of the
joint. committee to levy such an assess,
ment ..will be: fully discussed before any
action is taken thereon. < ¦
': The Native Daughters of the Golden
West are busy. at this time electing del
egates : to the Grand Parlor.
THE NATIVE , DAUGHTERS.
Clear Lake No. 130— S. Mathews.-
Cnity No. 131 — J. F. Crosett. W. E. Dubois
F. P. Duley and S. F. Thompson.
Colfax No. 132 — Edward Kllgo.
' Colusa No. 133 — W. K. de Jarnett and 'o.
XI. Mason.
Progressive No. 134 — N. H. Locke.
Silver Star No. 135 — George L. Tomb.
Indian Valley No. 136 — G. F. Droege.
' Boquel No. 137 — George M. Ord and A. W
Wyman. •;
¦ Bohen No. • 13« — John Brown.
Garden City No. 142— P. F. Gosbev. S F
Moreland. H. W. Otter. W. A. Parkhurst." w'
If. Plummer, ¦ F. E. Smith and C. G. Toung *
• Ocean View No. 143— William Nelson. .
* TJniverelty No. 144— Lawrence Hyde, A. ¦ Jo
nas. D. A. Sinclair and A. S. Ward.
'Hermann No. 145 — Emit Krugar and Robert
Lorentz. -'. . -
- San Bernardino No. 146 — G. A. Atwood and
r. J. E«ler.
San Lorenzo No. 147 — T. P. Cooper. R. c
Kirbjv H. R. Place. H. K. Pierce and G. h'
Rostron. ¦ ¦> •• ' '. •' . ' ¦ r
-.Wlldey No. 149— L. L. Dennett, Ll TV. Ord
way and Gepnre Perley. . "
Friendship No. 150 — H. Kbopman. * " < - '
: Ban Joaauin JCo. 157 — A. A. Waldle.
Boulder Creek No. 152— F. Waters.
s— — —_-HE golden or fiftieth session of,
f~~y~\ the Grand Lodge of the Jnde
n 1 pendent Order of Odd Fellows
[\ 1 of the State oC California will
\j*-J-y meet in Odd Fellows' Hall
¦ J next week, commencing on the
13th, and will remain in ses
sion for several days. The following is a
list of the officers of and representatives
to the gra.nd body:
•William Xieholls Jr.. Brand master; M. G.
Gill, deputy grand master; C. W. Baker, grand
warden; Georgre T. Shaw, grand secretary;
James W. Harris, grand treasurer; W. A.
Bonynpe. grand representative; W. W. Wat
son, grand representative; C. Or Burton, grand
trustee; John Glasson, grand trustee; J. F.
Xichols, grand trustee; J. F. Thompson, p.
Newell, Daniel Flint, John Morton, A. C.
Bates, trustees of I. O. O. F. Home; Rev. D.
B. Naylor. grand chaplain; J. J. Applegate,
grand marshal; H. A. Fairbanks, grand con
ductor; J. E. Strelghtif. grand guardian; M.
I*. Forbes, grand herald.
DELEGATES.
California Lodge Ho. 1 — C. E. Benedict, O. :
TV. Dahison and C. E. Howard. *
Sacramento No. 2 — C. H. Martin. W. H.
Sherburn. ¦ Fred Turner and F. A. Wallace.
San Francisco .No. 3 — Mark Brilliant and
James G. Magulre.
Eureka No. 4 — A. L. Dunnar, D. F. Fox
and Samuel B. Smith.
Yuba No. 5— H. E. Schmidt.
Charity No. ti — J.' R: Humphreys, Irving
Martin, O. B. Parkinson. E. A. Tretheway,
R. E. Wilhoit. C. E. Williams and W. H.
Woodbridge.
Auburn No. 7 — John Darts and B. P. Tabor.
El Dorado No. 8 — J. H. Brummer, E. J.
Clark, J. F. Dreman, D. J2. Minear and H. F.
G. Wulff.
Diamond Springs No. i) — Alexander Ilsohn.
Sonora No. 10 — Thomas Crough. William
Hartvig, R. Moorshead and F. J. Ralph.
Stockton No. 11 — K. C. Brueck, G. W. Gal
lun H. "Greenwood and H. C. Meyer.
Grass Valley No. 12 — Henry A. Fairbanks,
John Classon. William Hooper, G. L. Wil
liams. - - . ;.
Harmpny No. 13 — G. Moenning, Joseph G.
Mysell, Charles Quast.
Mountain No. 14 — E. L. Dooley. ' ¦» -
Terba Buena No. 15 — L. L. Alexander, U. S.
G. Clifford, L.. E. James, K. H. Lloyd, Davis
Louderback, George L. Perham, Frank D.
Worth.
OuEtomah No. 16 — J. H. Langman. A. R.
Lord. C. E. Mulloy, Hugh Murchie.
Templar No. 17 — Sheldon G. Kellogg, F. W.
Stowell.
Napa No. 18 — Tfaeo. A. Bell, D. S. Kyser,
Charlea Welti.
Treka No. ID— Levi H. Dewey. C. S. Smith.
Morning Star No. 20 — S. G. Beach, J. P.
Fisher, J. P. Keyser. .'. .
Tuolumne No. 21— T. H. Bluett, W. R. Gil
lUs, J. A. Hall.
Solano No. 22 — W. B. Gibson, William
Gnauck.
Obser\-atory No. 23 — A. A. Brown, W. J.
Huff, T. C. Keaton. ,
Sierra No. 2i — Adolph Cohn. .
Volcano No. 25 — J. F. Goodman.
Mountain Rose No. 20— John Flppin.
Coloma No. 27— John McKay.
Sonoma No. 2S — H. Castagnasso.
Magnolia No. 29 — J. W. Church, J. T. Jones,
J. K- Phillips, Samuel Polack, Marcus Rosen-
Uial.
Petaluma No. 30 — R. S. Adams, E. E. Drees, '
F. H. Myers. D. G. Neil. H. F. Smith.
Butter Creek No. SI — H. Eplett. A. F. Pen
dry.
Forest City No. 22— W. H. Hilgemann.
Hope No. 33 — August Mav.
San Jose No. U4 — M. li. Hyland.
Los Angeles No. :>5 — James Booth, A. Hard
esty, Thomas Henry, Ed Quine.
Jackson No. o<i — William M. Fuller, Thomas
K. Norman.
Memento No. 37 — W. T. Gibbs.
Placer No. OS — T. W. James.
Mariposa No. 39 — T. R. McCready.
Columbia No. 40 — C H. Wever.
Kiamath No. 41 — W. F. St. Ores.
Morning Light No. 42 — F. R. Capp.
San Pablo No. 43— H. D. Richardson. L. K.
Talley, F. J. Walter.
Mokelumne No. 44 — S. S. Mospr.
Oriental No. 45 — J. C. Baldwin. Charles
Brooklyn No. 4C — W. J. Lehman.
Bidwt-11 No. 47 — W. D. Parker.
Union No. 4S — Josiah Glasson.
Gazelle No. 49 — J. L. Berry.
San Andreas No. 50 — J. P. Snyder, John
Steel.
lone No. 51— Thomas H. Gartlin, William H.
Prouty. t
Santa Clara No. 52 — I. Herrington, Thomas
P. Jones. Kenneth Morrison.
Santa Roea No. 53 — H. J. Barnett. W. A.
Collins. George Severson. J. W. Warboys.
Mistletoe No. 54^ — J. E. McCormick.
Truth No. 55 — E. C. Dickinson, Otto Grunsky.
J. R. Koch, J. D. Maxey, T. A. Nelson, J. P.
Spooner. . ".- >'
¦ Loleta No. 56 — C. Rasmussen.
Shasta No 07 — Joseph W. Hocking.
Mount Horeb No. 5S— R. T. Milton.
Oro%-ille No. S3— A. F. Jones, R. S. Kitrick,
Joe Marks.
Hofer No. CO — Fred Budde. }. A'-' •;*'
North Star No. Cl — R. L. Carter. Charles 3.
Granite No. 62 — Georsre Mar\'In.
Cosumnes No. C3 — J. V. Maxwell.
Healdsburg No. 04 — William Bergett, Samuel
Horton J E. Huffman.
La Fayette No. €5 — B. F. Woodruff.
Campo Seeo No. C6 — Alexander Brown.
San Juan No. 07 — John German.
Euclid No C8 — Wniiam TrunkBeld.
Fruit Vale No. 69 — J. F. Brevort.
Cupertino No. 70 — D. Gartelman. i
Bay City J»o. 71 — M. Celler, H. Newburgh,
M. J Platshek, S. Resrensburger.
Westminster No. 72— James Rogers. F. E.
Wilson.
Covenant No. 73— N. Quirolo. V _ . r .
Vacaville No. 83— N. Bethune, E. E. Me-
Farland.
Comet No. S4 —
Anniversary No. S5— C. C. Crawford, Allen
Eeaver, Jacob Zehndnar.
Sharon No. 86 — John Bunney.
Capitol No. 87 — A. M. Aubertus, Chariea A.
Bliss, O. W. Erlewine, Grove L. Johnson, A.
F. Raymond, Nicholas Harvie. • ';" . .'.' • '
Phimas No. 88— H. C. Flournoy.
Colonia No. 69 — William H. Perkins.
Pajaro No. 90 — D. Alexander, Wllliara De
Hart, J. W. Linscott. C. E. Taylor, I. H.
Tuttle, S. X. Wyckoff.
Harrison Gulch No. SI — E. H. Pitts.
Cherokee No. 92 — James Lafferty.
Crusade No. 93 — C. P. Lange.
Four Creeks No. 94 — E. M. Jefferds, J. C.
¦Williamp.
Famsworth No. 95 — William I. Brobeck,
Thomas K. Kase. . '¦ 1 ¦
Branclforte No. 96 — G. Brown, J. 6. Collins,
G«orge H. Curtis, W. M. Johnson, C. L. Stude
man.
Yosemlte No. 87— C. P. Hall.
¦ Franklin No. ! 74 — George . W. . Barlow, . M.
Mayer. ' £ *?•
• French Gulch No. 75— C. v 8. Plumb, , ¦
Red Bluff No. 76— T. M. Eby. E. C. ForUer,
P. O. Thomas. . -¦ . '
•Htimboldt No. 77 — E. C. Bonstell, ,Georjre W.
Hunter, William H. Rowell. S. T. Weath*>rby.
Sulsun No. 78 — B. H. Goodman, F. L. Mer
rill.
Telegraph No. 79 — M. ! L. Votan.
Alturas No. 80 — C. W. Hendel.
Olive No. 81 — J. J. Brady, A. E. Perry.
. . Mountain Brow No. R2 —
Jefferson No. 98 — J. Yf. Holmes.
HomitOK No. 99 — '
Eutter No. 100— E. T. Maawell, J. A. Etew
fcrt.
Marion No. 101— H. Finley.
Scio No. 102 — L. A. Gremore.
• Fullerton No. 103 — Anson Rubin.
Coultenille No. 104— Ol lie J. Fisk.
Mineral No. 10C — Milton Honey.
Valley No. 107— B. Logan and H. Nielsen.
Teleton No. 10S — P. H. Gardiner.
Bay View No. 109 — George H. Buck, J. W
Glennan and William Headley. .
Oso No. 110 — Frank Prairie.
Woodland No. Ill — H. T. Barnes, H. C. How
ard and John Weaver.
Abou Ben Adhem No. 112— W. H. Blunden.
M. P. Forbes. S. P. Grant and John Lowrie
Chlco No. 113 — F. E. Hannah, T. B Hart
H. T. Sloat and O. D. Taber. »*n.
Mission Peak No. 114 — George A. Cash and
George H. Clark.
Kort Jone« No. 115^
Gf-rrr.ania No. 116 — L. Kabry and H F
Maai-f.
Pacheco No. 117 — H. Eicher.
Oakland No. 118 — C. H. Cole, Harry Kvle
and C. F. Reuter. >le
' Twilight No. 11»— John Murray.
Dunsmuir No. 120 —
: Willow No. 121— H. P.. Fields and B. B
Robinson.
Concordla No. 122^ — H. D. Meyer. H. Scheu
nert and Charles Trautner.
Apollo No. 123— J. R. Aiken. F. •?. Cox W
F. Norcross. C. E. Perry and H. D. Savllle *
Parker No. 124 — J. H. . Hutaff and V. *F.
Northrop.
• Spartan No. 125 — H. F. Rahlman.
Samaritan No. 126 — James S. Kramer.
Sycamore No. 129 — H. E. Brunner and C
Christeneen. . • • •
Jacob ¦ Label of ' the- American Forester
Review was on. the list, to .respond,, to
"Fratemalism," : a topic with' which ¦ he
is thoroughly familiar and upon -which- he
can talk by the hour most entertainingly.
The function wins ;Under the direction Of
the. follpwing. named committees. Dr.
William A. Hansen, chairman; Charles E.
Royer; secretary;' T. B. Goodwin,^ J. K-
Matheeon, Joe F. Mitchell, H. C; Stand
ley, Thomas Morail. ¦. Reeeptidfl/Commlt-.
tee, Charles A. Anderson, A. J. Enemark,
O. ' Hansen, , John Quist, J. Grosman. .
The- executive; committee of the Ideal
Foresters held a , meeting' ori -the last
Wednesday in April, at which plans were,
discussed for 'the monster initiation on
Foresters' Day,
• On the night: of the, last , Monday, in
April, Grand Chief - Ranger Heenen,
Grand Sub-Chief Wolfe- and Grand Sec
retary Cordy visited Sacramento, where
there was. held; a district meeting and at
which there were represented the courts
of the city named, -and those of Wood
land,. Oak. Park, Dixon, Grafton and Elk
Grove. - . .- - ; • * •
The folowing night the grand chief-ran
ger attended a district meeting :of For
esters in Petaluma, at which there were
present ! delegations from the courts of
the city named; Healdsburg, Santa Rosft,
San Rafael, Nova to and Sausallto. ¦ ' .
Court San Francisco gave an ice cream
social , in .the social, hall of the
Alcazar building on the last Wednes
day- in April. The attendance of
members and friends was very
nattering and all had a pleasant social
evening. | The committee, consisting of
Herman • Goetze, I. P. Beban, L. | Good
man, L. Deuf rary, Henry Acevos and Ed
Wells, with H: Goetze as floor manager,
and Fred Smith as assistant, was very
assiduo'u3 in its attention to the members
and the. guests. of the court and all were
well, pleased. • - ; ;
San Francisco Club, composed of mem
bers of Court San Francisco, will have
an excursion to and picnic at Fernbrook
on the Hth inst. • . ,
dresses by Grand Sub-Chief ' Mrs. Helena
Worms, Grand Financial Secretary Miss
Agnes ¦ D, < Bremer, ' Grand Treasurer Mrs.
Kemp Van Ee, Mrs. Smith,, chair
man-of the grand trustees; Mrs.' Emma
Harrington, P. G. C. C, one of the most
logical speakers in the order, and a num
ber of others.' The speaking was followed
by the:. presentation of a -pair of bisque
figures to i the grand chief companion in
remembrahee : of the occasion, < the pre
sentation of a' handsome sofa cushion to
Mrs. Ar Davis, the district deputy, and. a
silver matchbox- appropriately engraved,
to E. H. Chamberlain in token of ap
preciation of his. work for the circle and
of financial assistance whenever the cir
cle was in need of funds. The declaration
was made and heartily indorsed that
Chambfetiain "i« a rough diamond, who
shines ¦•..when; occasion, .requires. Re
freshments were served : after the close of
the meeting. ¦ - • • •
AS COLD IN THE LODGE ANTE=ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISOO CALL, SUNDAY, ;;-MA-Yi; 4, 15)02.
32
Among the. many fraternal officers .who
aro soon to resign the. stations they now
fill to their successors is . Mrs. Nellie
Mitchell, president of the California
Assembly of the Rebekahs. Nearly a year
ago this lady assumed the duties of her
office, and since then has the proud sat
isfaction of knowing that during her
term the order has made a remarkably
good advance, numerically, anri sha
has had the pleasure of instituting a
number : of new lodges. Her term has
been one of the- most successful that has
been noted in the past few years in tha
Rebekah branch of the Odd Fellows.
PRESIDENT OF M'H \>\ REBEKAHS.
A ceremonial session of the D. O. K. K.,
which Is the Oriental branch, of tha
Knights of the Pythian order, will be held
in this city on the night of May 21, on
which occasion the travelers after Orien
tal knowledge will have to pay a fee of
$10, which will include a free feed. { Ther«
will not be any discount on account of old
time friendship or connection with the or
der. A large class of novitiates have en
tered their names on the roll of honor and
they will be given a ride on the razor-bade
camel on their tramp across the sun
baked sands to the station of the imperial
mogul, who Is to unfold to them the great
mysteries of the order. Great precautions
have been taken to prevent any of the
seekers after the great truths from failles
into the deep well of oblivion. ¦ -
The thirty-fourth annual convention of
the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias, Domain of California, will bo
held in this city, beginning on Monday,
the 19th inst., at Union Square Hall at
8 o'clock in the evening.
KNIGHTS OP FYTHIA&
The following is the programme" that
will be presented by the National Union
Social and Literary Club on next "Wednes
day evening In Odd Fellows* Hall. W. A.
S. Nicholson of California "Council will bo
the chairman of the evening: Selections
(8 to 8:20). SIchel's orchestra— (1) march.
"Harmony Mose" (Kerry Miller);
tions, "Wang" (Morse). Tenor solo (se
lected), G. F. Keane; tramp Juggler, Paul
La Croix; soprano solo, "Vainka'a Song"
(Von Stutzman), Miss Florence B. Doane;
songs and stories, Lloyd Spencer; special
ties, Miss Belle Laurier Miller; musical
selections, orchestra. Duologue, "A Hus
band in Clover"; He— Mr. Stevenson; She
—Dudley. ' •¦
secretary; D." Coffin, treasurer; \L. *J. E.
Belcke, usher; Fred D. Ashwortn, ser
geant; J. E. Parmlee, doorkeeper, H. B.
Arnold. Edward F. Crossett and I. J. Tru
man Jr., trustees. George "W- Lunt. W.
H. Cobb and I. J. Truman Jr. were elect
ed delegates to the San Francisco Cab
inet.
;-i The :". "folly. •; party" - that - was given!; by
Oriental Rebekah Lodge , I»^O. O.~ P.'; fast
; night 1 was^a' great success : in
all I respects.:.^ The 1 attendance .was .large
and the .wearers Of costumes many. - The
THE REBEKAHS.
d^\ Dr. Talcott & Co.,
W :<£?i» Practice Confined to
Ck - Contracted and Functional
J^S* Disorders of M en
7 l/f^l^/w/N^b IT CERTAINLY CAN BE STATED WITHOUT FEAR
t/ \ \f I :// 'vT-' of contradiction that previous to our announcement of the
\\ \ W/'/l' /) Importance of urethral inflammations and chronic prostatlc
\\ \ )\'V\I\ // affections, as factors In disorders of men, that treatment
_ , *_'* ¦' ''.--- //¦ was conducted In an Impracticable and unsuccessful - scan-'
F- I* :TALCOTT,,M. D. ner. Our brilliant cures and the adoption of our methods
> . t Q by others Is proof of it* correctness.
WHY DRUGS FAIL— Many Men Treated for Weakness Which
.Never Existed— Failure Due to Wrong Diagnosis.
There Is a tendency nowadays to ascribe cases of lost vitality to lack Of nerve
. force and to treat them as such, with tonics, electricity and stimulants, resulting la
..but the most temporary, benefit, if at alL ¦--. > ¦
As a result of observations and practical experience, I have been convinced that
, the nerves; play but a subsidiary role in the production of disorders of men. It Is
very : unusual » to- flnd any trouble m an otherwise strong man other than a damaged
prostate or deep urethral inflammation, particularly In those whose disorders origi-
nated in ; too Ions continued and too of ten repeated excitement, or the harmful influ-
ence exercised* by an ill-treated . contracted disorder, and if exhausted nerve force
seemed to be present, < it is only as a concomitant, or perhaps we may say a compli-
cation of chronic prostatlt is, and disappeared with its cure. ' Still further, tbesa
facts are verified by purely local treatment, . for procedures directed toward repairing
- the damaged • (land are ' always rewarded by the - most brilliant cures.
;¦ O^ '¦ — — — : — — — ¦ — Q ¦
Special attention civenl to. Varlcocele,- Contagious Blood Diseases and Acute
I and Chronic .Urethral. and -Pros tat lc Inflammations. Consultation free and no
I charge whatever for treatment of any. case In which cure is not effected. Colored -
I chart of , the- organs and Diagnosis , Blank sent free on application.,
O— — ¦ — ; — — : O ¦
F. L.Taleott, M. P., or Dr. T&loott A Co., 997 Market Street,' Cor. Sixth.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.'
MARRIAGE AND MCCESS:
yBy MARGARET. L. BRIGGS. ,
£ . '_ (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.)
~*'A man who wants to succeed has no right to get married," is a re-
mark we hear only too often. "Women Tesent it,. but that "does not alter the
fact that there Is a great deal of ; truth in the statement, that. the man who
does not get married succeeds far .qftener than the man who does. And it
is due to this fact that the number of unmarried men is increasing yearly.
Ignore the facts as we may, no woman can deny that It seriously handi-
caps a man in life to marry before he has reached the goal of his ambitions.
And'this, in face of the well-known truth, that a man often owes his success
to a- woman. • ¦ '
Look around the world and carefully consider the men who gave great-
est/promise in their youth, and are such dismal failures now. If the
result of your observations agrees with mine, every one' of these men will
have a. wife who Is always ailing, always complaining, 'a' wife who is ner-
vous and irritable. The man worries over his business. all day, then goes
home at night to hear her complaints and to give her his sympathy. "He
tries hard to induce her to go to the doctor, mostvof the time she, will
not, and, indeed, generally, she is right when she says the doctor does not do
her any good, for this woman probably is suffering from some female weak-
ness which doctors do not seem able to cure.
The women of this country are subject to female troubles. The nervous,
excitable, busy • life • of the woman of this generation Invites these
feminine diseases/, unless a woman realizes the importance of keeping well.
Most women do not, however, and it is these women who are always suf-
fering from backaches, . headaches, pains in the side and unnatural dis-
charges, who are a constant worry to their husbands, who continually unfit
the -man for attending to his -work as he should.
The wife who really loves her husband and has his success at heart
will keep herself well with Lydia El Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. -It
cures all the aches and pains to 'which; our sex is so subject, and makes a
woman strong in body and nerves. After .taking Mrs. Pinkham's medicine
a woman becomes a true helpmate to her husband. She frees him from
worry on her account, because the medicine makes her well ; and cheerful,
and the advice and sympathy her health enables her to give helps him on
the road to success. trJt-%.
There are wives without ending who half the time do not know what
work Is being done to provide for their comfort. They have no realization
of the mental strain upon their ! husbands day after day, no idea of the
Herculean efforts they are makihg-1 to reach success. Night after night
these men go home with heads aching from attempts to accomplish impos-
sibilities, only to meet a woman complaining of her housework, about the
children, about her aches and pains. Rarely does the man hear a pleasant
word, the, thing most longed for after the hard day's work.
In these days of competition it is the occasional man who succeeds. If
your, husband is to be one of them he needs all. the support your love can
give him; he needs freedom from worry over you. v >
So, if you are sick, get well. Take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. Don't worry your husband with complaints, but write to Mrs.
Pinicham at Lynn, Mass., for her advice. Tell her all your troubles — tell her
about all your pains to the smallest detail. She can be of real help to
you. Her medicine will relieve your suffering. Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound is the great remedy for all the ills of women. If your
monthly illness comes on with pain, or if it comes Irregularly, Mrs.
Pinkham's medicine will cure you. To the expectant .mother it give3
strength for the coming strain upon her system, and after the birth of her
child it brings renewed health. Backache, headache, pain in the side, t . or
that bearing-down feeling that -Is so enervating, are all cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Inflammation of the ovarian organs and
all unnatural discharges are relieved by it. And with the relief of these
troubles the nervousness and irritation which spoil the lives of these suffer-
ers are^ overcome.
If you feel as though you could not stand the daily trials, if you, feel
like flying to pieces from nervousness, do not blame yourself and say It i3
because you are cross. Do realize that you are sick, and that Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound will cure you. Don't be a woman of whose hus-
band it is said, "He had no right to get married if he wanted to 'succeed."**Eighteen peasants of • the district of
Tscherdlnsk bearing the, family name of
Dyavol (devil) have sent a petition to the
Cxar asking for permission. to change the
name to Bugolubow (God beloved). This
request was granted them.
On the Hamburg-American Line express
steamship Furst Bismarck, sailing May 1,
from New York: Mrs. Pauline Schermer
horn. Professor William Carey Jones, R.
J. Techau, Miss Lorlne A. Techau, Cap
tain L. Broussiloff, Henry Jelinsky, John
C. Neilsen, George Rancke.
On the Hamburg- American steamship
Pretoria, sailing from New York, April 29,
were: Mrs. G. Alexander, Dr. Milton O.
Alexander, Mrs. S. N. Morris, Miss Vio
lette N. Morris, Miss A. . Bode; . Mrs. . Dr.'
Kauffung, Frederick Emil Baumann, Ser
geant A. Petersen, Mr. and Mrs. H. Marbs
and child, Charles B. Kobes, Mr. and Mrs.
Edwin L. Beck, Miss Pauline Beck, Leon
Beck, D. C. Richers. - '
The following were among. the passen
gers sailing on the Hamburg- American
Line steamship Pennsylvania, April 22, for
Plymouth, Cherbourg and Hamburg: Mrs.
M. F. Hewitt, Charles Low, Mr. and Mrs.
Greve, Mrs. Ida S. Saul, Francis "Saul,
Captain Thomas Smith, Mrs. Joseph
Pothast, Fred Pothast, C. V. Johnson, Mr.
and Mrs..F. Schou, Mies Margaret Schou,
Herbert Schou, Mrs. D. Mohrdieck, N. C.
Sorensen, William Mohrmann, Mrs. - C.
Jorgensen, Miss Agnes Jorgensen, Mrs.
Sophie Krueger, Miss Dora Martens,
Frederick Roesch, Miss Emma Bleifus.
Adolph Blysun, Mrs. Lena Boecklen.
SAILED AWAY.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton' Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
WASHINGTON, May 3.— The following
Calif ornlans arrived here to-day: At the
St.. James— E. Bowell and wife. C. G. Geb
hart and M. S. Pancost, all of San Fran
cisco;. at , the Metropolitan— E. C. Web
ster and CD. Cary of Ix>s Angeles; at
the Willard— A. Goldstein. C. Wetmore
and C. A. Felton, all of San Francisco;
at the Raleigh— R. Melrose of San Fran
cisco; at the National— E. E. Walker and
E. C. Vandyke of San Francisco.
Calif ornians in "Washington.
G. R. Mackenzie,, proprietor of the Clan
Mackenzie Whisky, with headquarters at
Glasgow, London and Liverpool, is in San
Francisco en route from the Orient to his
home after an extended tour of the globe.
Peter Johnson, a merchant of Angels
Camp, is spending a few days in this city
and ¦ has made his headquarters at the
Grand.
terday, accompanied by his wife and two
daughters. He expects to ¦ remain here
about two weeks.
A large reception was tendered A. arid
F. Suchting and C. ' Krumdick * of- Balti
more on * Saturday • evening,- April 26, • at
HOME PARTIES.
., SAN -DIEGO, ? May 3.-^Daisy : Jackson,
the. woman vwho. drove ,'from^here to' Los
Angeles without thelpermission 'of- the
owner •¦ of the v horse ,. she ; took, ¦ has , been
sentenced to two i years in San Qucntin.
"Woman Goes, to a Penitentiary.
i : SALT • LAKE, May, 3.— Frank Goyette,
a '.', passenger ':, on ; ..the { Denver , and , Rio
Grande westbound train,; suddenly became
insane-last' night- p-''.\eaped , from ; > the
train near Green' River. . The : train was
going at a speed of fifty miles an ; hour.
He was found by ... the section -men some
time ' later ' badly ' scratched , and - bruised,
but without serious injury.' Goyette was
from Milwaukee, ,."Wls., - and- was on his
way -to, California. Goyette .13 believed to
be a tea' and coffee, merchant. -r He was
brought .to- Salt .'Lake ,'thls morning vio
lently Insane. . .-'-._.*= -
Insane Passenger Jumps From Train.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Frank C. Baker, formerly State Printer
cf Oregon, ls at the Palace.
Judge A. G. Burnett of Santa Rosa Is
amongr the arrivals at the Grand.
H. C. Eisen, an extensive wine producer
of Fresno, is a guest at the Grand.
J. H. Durst, a newspaper proprietor of
Wheatland, is a guest at the Grand.
Frank R. Devlin, a prominent attorney
of Vallejo, is registered at the Grand.
"W. F. Xnox, a well-known attorney of
Sacramento, Is registered at the Grand.
J. B. Cotton, attorney for the Rockefel
ler interests in the Eastern States, is a
E-jest at the Palace.
John I. Sabin, formerly at the head of
the telephone company of this city but
now president of the Bell Telephone Com
pany of Chicago, arrived in this city yes-
: The; following, are the latest arrivals at
Aetna ; Springs: "' From r. San Francisco-
Thomas H.' B. Varney ,- Miss Crowley/ Miss
E. Young/r J. .M. Hallowell. \ George P.
Thomas ¦ and ; wife,- R. : \ D. ;• Dixon/! M. ' Ran
dell, George, Kent. ", From St.'- Helena— D.
S. Koog, A. .Spear, N E.; Lager^rall, Henry
Spur.' . H. P. - Lange, 7 E. Jeffereys and W
O. Craft. < Miss . Standiford. Sacramento*
Miss Fulton, Garden City, Kans.; William
Walfkill and John A.. Irwln.. Winters.
Mrs. , I. Rudee ¦ of- 510 Devisadero street
-Mr.- andMrs.-deorge L.'Flsh have re
turned from their European ' tour and are
now at the; Palace Hotel. 'Visiting: them
is ' Miss Eliza- Smith : (a sister of- Mrsi
Fish)" from i Stirling, {Scotland. - _\
PERSONAL.
Registered at the Geysers Hotel -during
this week are: • : H. Warren Crowe. Eng
land; Louis DelmonV John Forster -W.
W. Gill and wife.vR. , Prlngle, George
Michand, J. Nogues, W. C. Shannon, Em
manuel Magnln, Mrs. L. Gassner, San
Francisco; J.S. Fadden, W. North, Spen
cer,. Iowa; C. E.' Humbert and wife. r Mrs.
H. M. Whitney. . Cloverdale; H. M. r L. e
BarronJ-M. v * R. Le Barron.' Santa Rosa;
Mrs. F. Poole,':! Miss May Poole,' Preston;
Mrs. Helen, Davis, Mandan.'N.D.
: The arrivals at White Sulphur Spring3
for. this week are: Miss E. - C. Boysen,
Minneapolis, Minn; Miss Katie M. Wag
ner, ; Tifflh.-Ohlo; M. Beran, San Fran
cisco; L.1 Collins, Oakland; Mrs. N. Moore
and . child, Mrs. E. . R. Moore, San Fran
cisco; Dr.'Sabln, St. Helena; Captain A
Hatt Sr... Mrs. Slott. Mrs. A. .Hatt.Jr.,'
Mrs. Gardner. . Napa:- Mrs.^.-E. Mason,
Santa Rosa; Mrs. P.-Rison, St.. Helena.
Among the many.' recent arrivals at
Highland Springs are the following: Mr.
and Mrs. R.;E. Fay, Mr. ; and ' Mrs. W.
W., Gill, Mrs. Ida Hopkins. Mrs. J. E.
Hopkins, Miss A. D. Ames, H. E. Linden,
Charles Klarnet, P. H. 'Lacy, Dr. R. E.
Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Atwood, F.
W. Johnstone,' Mr. • and Mrs. J. Phillips,
Mr. and Mrs..; F. Marriott. William M.
Starr, J. B. Coryell and wife, John Evans,
Mr. and Mrs.:E.,C. Horst, children and
maid, San Francisco; Dr. F.' W. Skaife
and wife, San Rafael; Charles J. Quinn,
New York; J. E. Bell, Mrs. -Charles Ma
son, Miss Mason, Miss W. F. Mason. K.
W. Mason, Sausalito ; Mrs.- M. J. Scanlan
Pinole. . . ,
Miss E. ¦ P. i Munson, New Haven, Conn. ;
B • A. Parker, Carlisle, England; W. H,
Rich and wife, . Jamestown, N. Y.; Mrs.
Margaret Williams, Miss Lila Williams,
Mrs. H. W. Booth/Sheffield, Ill.;> H. S.
Iiee, H. F. Hail, Quincey. Cal.; J. : O.
Price, Alton. Cal. ; | C. P. Masconi, Half-
Moon . Bay ; Dr. Edward Waldo Emerson,
Mrs. -Emerson, .Concord^ Mass.; F. • E.
Knight, Humboldt; Miss Pearsall, .Miss
H., W. Pearsall, Philadelphia: E. H.
Baugher and wife, -Frederick, Md.; F.H.
Pickerell and z wife, Des : Molnes, Iowa;
James Kinkead, Santa Cruz; Mrs. Charles
Edwards, ... Miss .Edwards, Mrs. Robert
Morrison, Chicago. . ; .v
A quiet wedding across s the i bay re
cently was that of Miss Margaret Col
lins of Alden. Alameda county; and Mr.
Ernest Trelutt of Lafayette", Contra
Costa county, which was solemnized ; on
the 27th of April «t Sacred Heart
Church, the Rev. Father Serda 'officiat
ing. The bride was attended by her sis
ter, Miss Anna Collins, as maid of honor
and Mr. L. Trelutt was best man. The
bride wore a very becoming tailor-made
costume of gray. The church was pret
tiiy decorated for' the . occasion with
ferns and, flowers. Many friends of the
contracting parties witnessed . the • cer
emony. After the ceremony , the guests
were driven to the pretty country home
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Walsh, .in Alden:
The house had been decorated' through
out with fruit blossoms and ferns; by the
many friends of the bride. Among the
invited guests were a the rollowlng: , Mr
and Mrs. J. J. Walsh, Mr. and Mrs ; L
Trelutt. Mrs. E. A. Trelutt, Mr. and
Mrs. W. P. Murphy. Mr. and - Mrs. M.
Connolly, Mr. and^Mrs. J. F. Manton
Mrs. K.. Blackburn. Mrs. " M. J. Shields
Miss Maybelle Thomas, Miss Mary Mur
phy, Miss Clara Avan, Miss Harriet
Avan. Miss Anna Collins, Miss Margaret
M. Thomas, Miss Gertrude S.Thomas
Miss May . E. Thomas," .Miss Hattie
Shields, Mr. Joe Sheridan, Mr. Edward
Manton, Mr. S. S. May and Mr. Stephen
Trelutt. After a- short, wedding trip Mr
and Mrs, Trelutt • will i make their , home '
in Lafayette, Contra- Costa county."
»> The wedding, of Robert J.'Tobin and
Gladys M. Foster was; celebrated Tues
day, evening, April 29, at 8:30 , o'clock by
the Rev.'- Father : Nugent.^ Mr. and Mrs '
Fred H. , Smith' were : the : attendants." Oii
account : of Illness in , the bride's f amil v
the supper was served at the groom's
home, 1232 Green street. After the wed'
dlng.the bride and groom, left amid show
ers of rice and old shoes for the Palace
Hotel. The bridal table, was a mass of i
pink and- white. sweet; peas.- .Those-pres
ent were:' Sergeant a n# Mrs. P. J.Tobin ;
Mr. and' Mrs. R. J.Tobin, Mr..and Mrs'
Fred H. Smith. Frank Curtis,: Mr.' < and
Mrs." L. Strassburg. Miss Agnes Tobin
Miss Myra Tobin, Mrs. G. F. Barry, Miss
Marguerite Tobln. Cecelia Tobin, Mrs
Anna S. Tobin, Masters Edward .R. and
David : J. Tobin, Mrs. M. \Hodgkins' and
Helen Tobin. ¦: ; -
Miss Marlon Levy, daughter of the
Rev. and Mrs. M. ¦ S. Levy, married Sol
Kahn at Synagogue , Beth Israel on
Wednesday afternoon at 5 o'clock. -Af
ter the ceremony a family dinner was
given at their residence. The bride wore
heavy cream satin with point and duch
ess lace. Her tulle bridal veil was held
with orange blossoms. , She carried lilies
fo the valley. The honeymoon - will be
spent in the South and Europe.
Mrs. J. Alice Williams, only daughter
of D. C. Matteson. for many years pro
prietor of the Matteson & Williamson
Manufacturing Company of Stockton,
was married Saturday evening, April 26,
to Harry R. Hathaway of the Southern
Pacific freight auditor's office. Mr. , and
Mrs. Hathaway will, spend two weeks
traveling in Southern- California." >.'-\
A very pretty home wedding took
place in Alameda on the evening of
Wednesday, May 1, when Mr. Ed Len
ahan and Miss Marlon Waverl were
united in marriage at the home of the
bride's parents. Mr. Ed Lenahan is a
well-known resident of Alameda and -his
bride was a popular belle of the little
bay town. The groom was the recipient
of warmest congratulations from . his
numerous friends on both sides of ¦ the
bay. Mr. Lenahan is connected with
the Johnson-Locke Company of San
Francisco. ', . '
The prettiest flowers of spring graced
the home of Mrs. S. - E. Crowell at
Rancho - Bonita. Saratoga, last Wednes-*
day evening, when her daughter, .Miss
Adelaide Mildred Crowell, was united In
marriage to Mr. Frank Hansen. The
bride is a native of San Jose and is the
granddaughter of the late Major Bee
of San Jose and niece of the late Consul
Bee of San Francisco. The groom is a
well-known orchardist of Cupertino, and
is to be congratulated upon securing
such a charming helpmeet. Only the
immediate relatives of the bride were
present to witness the ceremony, at
which the Rev. E. Cross officiated. Af
ter the newly wedded couple were con
gratulated a bounteous supper was
served. The table was decorated with
orange blossoms gathered from the orange
trees of Rancho Bonita.. ¦ ' ¦
A very pretty wedding" took place on
Thursday evening, April 24, at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Herman Lilienthal, 507 Connecticut street,
their daughter.. Miss Annie T. Lilienthal,
being united in marriage to MacDuff
Cooke, the Rev. S..M. Woodward officiat
ing. Miss May Tuohey acted as brides
maid and W. H. Nelson as best man.
The home was beautifully decorated with
flowers and flags, the colors being red,
white and blue. A bounteous supper was
served and well, wishes were offered to
the newly wedded couple. Dancing and
singing were enjoyed by all. Mr. and
Mrs. M. D. Cooke were the recipients of
many useful and ' beautiful presents.
Those present at the wedding were: Mr.
and Mrs. H. Lilienthal, Mrs. T. Lange,*
Miss May Tuohey, W. H. Nelson, Mr.
and Mrs. L. Randall, Miss Hazel Randall.
Miss Ida Kilbride, Mrs. F. Suhr, Mr. and
Mrs. L. L. Ewlng, Miss Abbie Ewlng, Mr.
and Mrs. Peters, Mr. and Mrs. A. Gauch,
Mrs. W. W. Peck. Miss Alice Peck, Wil
liam Peck, Mrs. E. Anderson, Miss Elraa
Anderson Miss Hazel Anderson, John
Mooney, William Q'Leary, Mr. and Mrs.
F. Williams. Mrs. -A. L. Linsley, Miss
Gussie Schilling, Miss Annie Schilling,
John Donald, James. Stewart, Mrs. Mane
Nyhtns, Mr. and Mrs. Ewen, Mrs. Kir
rane, Mr. Klnzer, Mr. Osborne, Mr. and
Mrs. McDermott, C. Loth, Mr. Patrick,
Mr. Connaughton, Mr. Gardiner and Mr.
Berkowitz.
THEY'BE MARRIED.
I. Levy announces the engagement of
his youngest daughter, Reglna. to David
Davis. At home Wednesday. May 7, from
2 to 5 p. m., at 2222 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Dannenbaum an
nounce the engagement of their son;
Arthur J. Dannenbaum, a prominent at
torney ' of this city, to Miss Alice Rosa
lind Haas, a young society girl - of New
Orleans, La;, and daughter of Captain and
Mrs..H. Haas of that city. .
The engagement is announced of George
Klarmann, the well known Olympic Club
athlete, to Miss Emma Taber. ;
Invitations have been issued for the
wedding of Isaac Lessman and Miss Han
nah Pinto, which will take place on
Wednesday next at a downtown restau
rant. Only a few invitations have been
issued to the immediate family and a few
intimate friends. The happy couple. will
reside at 1527 Mason street,
The engagement is announced of Miss
Pauline Steffan. daughter , of Mr. and
Mrs. Philip Steffan of Vallejo, to Arvah
Jennings of San Francisco.
The engagement of Miss Cecelia F
Langley to L. R. Isaacs is announced.
The wedding will take place some time in
June.- '
Mr. and Mrs. L.Talcott have announced
the engagement of their daughter, Lida
£f^ 3e i, to^ George Henry Clay Evans, son
*?¦ H> Eva °s of Lexington, Ky.-
Mr. and Mrs. A. L. Frank announce
the engagement of their daughter, Alice,
to Henry Ottenheimer. and will- be at
Th^day 1^ 0 * 1 *"® thdr friends to-day and
**£ and Mrs - A. F. Davis announce the
? ne n g f. men t °f their daughter. Miss Grace
liJlt ' i tO uS harles H - Northrup. Mr.
with fh P I^r ho i dlng J l responsible position
£»nv C h ster^ Su ear Refining Com
u£$ ? Mis 5 Davls ls - a • well-known
niSli T 1 wh ° is at present filling two
?n?nT«t * church positions as soprano
?°h?,roV Jf-A, Flrst Congregational
Church, Oakland, and Beth : Israel Syna
gogue San Francisco. The wedding will
take place some time in June. ¦ •
¦A. reception in honor of the betrothal 'of
Miss Rose Silver and David Davis will
be- held at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
5 I ?m 1 c SI . U '; er s 56S Fel1 str eet. May 11, from
2 till 5 o clock. . ¦ ¦ ¦•>¦.•¦
THE Y'RE /ENGAGED.
. ding was the largest
that San Francisco has seen for some
time, and many others have been writ
ten cf during the week." There ar/ even
more engagements just now- than 'mar
riages,; and the coming; month bids fair
to claim the largest number of June
brides. - ••¦.•• ' ..
szr^fys^s/s**-* EDDINGS have been the
j ]S| ' all-absorbing topic of
III ll II societv the past week/
I VI -I VI I I Cupid is certainly "reap
\^w\^VVy ing a harvest of : hearts.
5^*T, ' . ' The' ; Huntington "wed-
The man who wakes up to find himself
rolling In wealth soon rolls out of it.
.There is such a thing as a woman of
few words, but she la apt to be reitera
tive. ' j -'V.. :/
1000 framed pictures — some slightly worn,
at one-half the prices. Many good aa
new."- Genuine bargains. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. , : . : -\ •
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
Mrs. ' Charles Berwin and Mrs. Maurice
Levy left for Los Angeles yesterday and
will be absent for two weeks. .-
Miss Sophie Rosenthal departed for a
three months* trip to Europe with several
friends last Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Blumenthal announce
the bar mitzvah of their son Arthur at
tho Geary-street Temple. Saturday. Re
ception to-day from 2 to 5 p. in., at their
residence. lZlT 1^ Golden Gate avenue.
Mrs. Bertha Bamberger and Miss
Leonle Kuh have discontinued their day
at home during . the summer.
Dr. Cora A. Morse as a guest of Mrs.
J. IX. Spreckels left for Honolulu on tha
Sonoma last Thursday.
thi Bush-street Temple, Saturday. May
3, 1902.
Admiral Hall," corner of Geary, street and
Central avenue. *; The ,-, hall- was f beauti
fully decorated; and dancing, singing and
games 'i ; were -enjoyed.: Henry, :Eggeling
acted as toastmaster at 'the' excellent sup
per which was served at midnight/Those
present were: * ;Mrs.;.Eggeling, Mr. and
Mrs. H.. Eggeling,: Mr., and Mrs. Leppler,
Mr. and - Mrs. Hertlng, . Mr. and Mrs.
Stuermer, Mr. and Mrs. W^ieger, Mr., and
Mrs. Werner, Mr. and .Mrs. Goelz. : Mr.
and ¦' Mrs. Gramlow, Mr. and Mrs. West
phal, Mrs. Melsner, Mrs. , Blohm^ Mrs. :
Muller.'-the- Misses L. Henschel,- Misses*
F. >, Niemanh, P. Herting, ' ¦ P. Schaffrey,
Julia and- Johanna Schlichtman, Sophie
and Freda Meisner, Miss Smith, Messrs.
A. and F ( Suchting. ¦ C. Krumdick, Gram
low,- Goelz, W. . Goelz, Niemann, Schmlede,'
Miller. Smith and C.7 Heide. ¦¦? .¦ . . -.: ,
A : surprise' 1 - party .-¦¦¦; was -tendered^: to
Charles Kiernan by his . numerous friends
on the '26th of April at his residence,. 32J
Thirteenth street. Games, 1 dancing, mu
sic, > refreshments, etc., were indulged in :
till early., morning. , Those : present were:
Mr.- and 'Mrs. Kiernan, : Mr., and'>Mrs.'
Curiry, Mr. and Mrs. 1 .Frawley, Mr.) and
Mrs. Hurst. Mr. and Mrs. Gallagher, Mrs.
A. Andrews; Miss Teresa Maguire,: Misa
Emma Maguire, Miss /. Susan Maguire,
Miss' Lettle Reilly, Miss Loretta Ryan,
Miss Edna Andrews, Miss Ethel Andrews,
Miss ¦: Ruby Poland, . Miss M. Cosbie,- Miss
Ida Curry,' Miss I Edna Kiernan, Miss
Aimee Kiernan. A. Andrews, E. Whalan,
B. Gavica, P. Noiset, E.j Dore, H. Ryan.
"A pleasant surprise party was given, to
Miss Alma Poppenberg on her birthday
on Saturday , evening, April 26, by the
Eschscholzia Girls' Club. Among those
present were: Ethel Kempster,. Edythe
Sawyer,' Arthur Poppenberg, Paul Msk
inson,. Samuel Bangelin, George Makin
son, Margarette Beitz,", Lina Beitz, Carl
Beitz, Amelia Walters,'. Donald Clark,
Pauline Bauer, Mae Bauer, Ellen Walsh ,
Joseph McWilliams, ¦ Bert Hunn, Grade
Robinett, Thomas Qulnn. Edward Walsh,
Mae Quinn, Beatrice Gilligan, William
Gilligan. ¦ Rose Makinson, Alma. Poppen
berg, Rose Bangelin. Lee B^ron,. Alice
Hunn, Herman Walters. Gertrude Rose
mond Mrs. J. Clark, Joseph E. Clark,
Mrs. K. Poppenberg, R.- Poppenberg.
On the last Thursday in April a pleas
ant surprise party was ; given Mrs. May
Driscoll at the residence of { her mother,
Mrs May A. O'Brien, in celebration of
the anniversary of her birth. Covers were
laid for sixteen, and after. an excellent
supper the evening was spent in singing
and dancing. Those who were /present
were- Mr and Mrs. E. C. Arnold, Mrs.
Goley, Mrs. E. C. Dunn, Miss Kathyrine
Bussey ' Miss Enid Arnold, Miss Hattie
Chapman. Miss Nellie Goley, R. White,
J , W. Cameron, J. F. Goodman, H. de
Saint Sens. O. P. C. Carnaud, J. E: Dris
coll and W. Goley.
CLUB PASTIES.
The Western Addition Chess, Checker
and Whist Club, 220d Flllmore street, gave
an entertainment in their parlors on Mon
day evening, April 21. The evening ,was
devoted principally to chess and whist.
At 10:30 p. m. refreshments were served
by members of the club. Those present
were- Gideon P. Woodward, president;
Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr., vice president;
Dr W F. Finney, secretary; Dr. Charles
H Bell, treasurer; Ai P. Heise, Franklin
Person and I. H. Jellett; governors; Jo
seph Firebaugh, E. E. Perley, J.,W; Zol
lars, M. C. Ettinger, C. A. Myers,' L. S.
Schoenfeld, John Rodda, Fred Rodda,
Professor) C. W. Moores, Joseph McCus
ker J. J.'Dolan, Dr. R. Emery Peck, R.>
G Schroeder, F. L. t de Long, J. Weston,
Dr. Myron Chaddock, John Van Aljan,
E. Sefvean, A. B. Crackbon, Lyman
Wood worth, J. S. Lehrberger, A. F. V.
Stans, J. J. Speeker. William J. Downing.
Arnold W.Llechti, E.' G. Vail, C. H. An
derson, Dr. M. L. Tobriner, T. N. Clough,
Dr. Charles V. Cross, R. . H. Webster,
William Hummeltenberg,. Horace Mann,
H. A. Stamper, J. B. Toplitz. F. J. Largo.
G. W. Rickey, E. E. Gibson and E. H.
Walker.
The members of the Florodora Dramatic
Club will render their second entertain
ment and dance on Tuesday evening.
May 6, at Union Square Hall. A one-act
farce entitled "My Turn Next": will be
presented, and an enjoyable entertain
ment Is promised. ,-; . / . ;• -. /.
•.. A ribbon, social, was given by the mem
bers of. the Alicia Social Club at the home
of the-secretarypMlsstFrlede-Burger,;Sat
urday," April 26. The members 'and their
friends . spent an- enjoyable • evening . with
music and dancing. The j parlors I were
decorated with festoons of ribbons. Much
merriment was caused, by. the novel man
ner of selecting ¦ partners, ' by means of
ribbon bows in matching the colors. A
light' collation. was served upon small ta
bles decorated in nile green— the club
color. Those participating were: Miss
May McNulty, Miss -Anita McNulty. : Miss
Josle Greenlnger, ' Miss • Frances •. Green
inger,' Miss- Evelyn' Thomas, Miss Edith
Groeper, Miss Eva Burkholz, Miss Friede
Burger, G. . Reeves, J. P. Burnside, C.
Furlong. ,M.- Corey. E. Birkhoff, T. M.
Nulty, A. Bower and M. Wood.
The membersof the Deutscher Club will
give a lawn party at Golden Gate Hall
next Thursday evening. . .
AT THE STJJOIEB BESOBTS.
List of late arrivals at Hotel Mateo:
From San Francisco— Dr. E. J. Caldwell,
Miss Ethel Newman, Mrs. Benjamin New
man and family, '* S: H. v Tracy, wife and
child; C.-B. Hobson, wife and child ; : Mr.
and Mrs. 'Julian H. Newbauer, , Master
William i Newbauer, Frank R. Weihe, Ed
ward F. Weihe, A. S. Baldwin, Mr. and
Mrs. A. Swabacher, Miss E. Dellwig, S.
E. Wood. M..T. Bradley Quinn, Mrs. H.
W. Newbauer and maid, Mr. and Mrs.
Philip Meyer. 'From San Jose— Mrs. Les
ter L. Morse, Miss Hootzell, D. Goodsell.
From Louisville,. Ky.— Mrs. M. D. Holt
and. maid, Mr. andMrs. ,W. M.. Rose and
child. : From Boise, Idaho— Mrs. W. H.
and Miss , Florence Ridenbaugh.
The arrivals at' the Gilroy Hot Springs
for ' the ' past' two weeks are: From
San Francisco-^-D. Hollings, C. • Johansen,.
R. C. Jewell, J. H. Drumgold: C. C. Miller,
W. H. Cameron, C. R. Goodrich, E. Ueb
ner, F. Uebner, Dr. B. W. Haines, Ralph
A. . Grover, • Mra. J. J. Rauer, George Car
lisle, Mrs.-R. . J. Graf; H. Timmerman.
From Oakland— Miss Connie Peterson,
Mrs. 'Charles Jacobs.! Mr. and Mrs. T.
P. Hogan. Dr. and -Mrs. G. E. Shuey, J.
Bohan. From, Gilroy-r-W. C. White. J.
Granery, C. ' R. Slaysman. Dr. and . Mrs.
J. C. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. J. Kannely, Dan
P. Regan. George E. Rea; George T.-Dun
lap,", Ignacio J Moto, : From San;Jose^Bar
ney . Taylor. • ; From Sargents— H. Archer
and son. ' From ; Oakdale^-James -Denton,'
C. J. Booth. . From Alameda— Miss M. E.
Peterson. From San Gabriel— Mrs. Henry
Emmerton, Mrs. William Evans, v From
Angels Camp— P. Johnson. From Menlo
Park— Mr. . and - Mrs. , J. McBain, s Anton
Boeckers.' From New York— Colonel R; R;
Ritchie. . From . Manila, P. I.— General
Edward v Armstrong. >; From " Europe^Mr.
and Mrs. / R. ' Robertson, Master Sophus
Robertson. ¦:¦ ¦ '¦ '': -' ¦ -''¦ ¦ '.'. :.• '¦¦-""- ;: ' -¦ '. ; ¦-. ¦
Arrivals for the past week at Riversida
Hotel, Santa Cruz, are: R. B. Moore and
wife, James Smith; and . wife, R. W.
Neighbor; and wife, A. L. Bratton, San
Francisco MS. <C: Cornell. J. M. 1 Oliver,
Merced ; J: = > McGrath, Thomas Connell,
Boston, .•'. "¦ Mass.; - Mrs: . H. TV. Brown,
Worcester, Mass. ; • Mrs. J. H. Boartlman,
Providence, / R. I. ," ' Miss F. T. Munson,
SOCIETY EVENTS
'.THE :_ SA^ : ;FRANeiSCO; : 'c^;^STJNI)AYj ; ';MAY,;'4, : .^
33
Mr. and Mrs. , Louis M. Getz have re
turned from, their -honeymoon and will be
pleased to see their relatives and friends
Sunday, May 11, at their home, 1419 Web
ster street, between 2 and 5 p. m.
Mrs. H. Frendenberg and Mrs. "W. E.
Dean of 1202 Golden Gate avenue have
left for the East.'
Mrs. "Wertheimer and Miss Wertheimer
of 1136 McAllister street have for the
present : discontinued their "at home."
Mrs. John Lubben has discontinued her
days "at home" during the summer
months: • ' . _ _
Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Jacobs announce
the confirmation of their son Samuel at
Mrs. Mark. L. Cohn and family have re
turned to San Francisco and will be at
home Monday at 1358 Past street. . --.V 1 ;
¦'. Philip Peck, who has been connected
with many industries in Hllo. Hawaiian
Islands,: for a number of years, arrived
on the Enterprise on her last trip, accom
panied-by his wife. They are stopping
temporarily at the residence of Henry W.
Hyman, 1946 California street. Mr. and
Mrs.. Peck will start for the East in the
course of a few days, visiting: all the prin
cipal cities. Including "Washington. Mr?.
Peck is a native of California.
has discontinued her day at home for. the
summer months.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE, Donohoe
building, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric needle without pain or.
scar; permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.'
Brahman Toilet Cream
CURES ECZEMA'. POISON OAK AND DAN-
DRUFF. Sold* by J. b. Potts Drug Co.,, 1018
Market street, and other druggists; also at of-
fice of Dr.' A. W. Traverse. 1170 Market street.
Ladies, Be on Your Guard!
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
Who. steal your money by forcing: upon Lablache : Face Powder is a positive
you a dangerous counterfeit powder, when , to"' the; skin. ; It freshens, clears,
your ask; for ,' the ,• genuine -.'-Iiablaclie beautifies.- -Restores k and preserves the
Powder.'; Gl ve, your trade to honest and natural "softness of the skin, while the
reliable dealers who will 'sell you the r gen- counterfeit' [powder , will ; in jure, the' com-
uine Lablache Face Powder,", the stand- plexlon; : We - ask that' every lady usin"
ard toilet powder, which is in general uae Lablache ! Face Powder will examine the
tby.'the'best and most distinguished women, label of the box carefully/arid'if in'ddubt
: not : only in ; but \ also In • London, ? as ; to' the genuineness of .the powder," send
Paris,?'. Dresden.k Hongkong,; Shanghai,' , us the circular or.^the'eover, of the box.'to-"
Japan \ and' Manila; \ and, in :, f act, % every- gether; with ; thei name ! of the \ dealer It rora
where." Its .virtues have : been' sounded by whom the \ powder ,was "i purchased, and' If
Sarah ' Berrihardt,' Mme. ;. Emma' Eames,' it ; is 'thei counterfeit;- she .will :, be advised
Mme. 2; ; Emma' ; Calve,^Mme:;; Suzanne jby.jreturri, mail, ': so ;that;she .can* demand
Adams, Mile," Rea; , Mile. ; de, Liissan, i Miss that herjmoney be refunded/ and' whoever
Maude 'Adams/ Miss Marguerita Sylva and sold It twill ! be prosecuted: to'} the! full ¦ ex-
by icb'rea 6f v other, famous i women' of ¦ the ! tent v of _ the"; law. J Fifty Vcents T per i box of
stage "and -in/ private Vlife;\- The; genuine all ; reliable or by mall. - '¦'¦
RPM f PVV &\r(\ , FRENCH PERFUMERS
fULrfll JLLf T I VX'vUt- 125 Kingston, St.,.
; ¦• BOSTON MASS. • - ¦ \
Sirs. Nettle Harrison's i /*%jlv^
Latest Portrait. ."^ *. * W «rf •*•
NO ARTIFICIAL COMPLEXION OR "ES-
ameled beauty" ought to be tolerated since
the discovery of that wonderful scientific skin
food.
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
The skin absorbs it— leeds on it— and is puri-
fl*<l of Blemishes. . Wrinkles are filled out and
healthy color restored. Naturally beautiful
complexions are made proof against the rav-
ages of time, work and worry.
Jar, lasting; three months, 75 cents.
4-DAY HAIR RESTORER
A magic cure lor gray or faded hair, giving
back its natural color without any disagreeable
after effects or inconvenience. Not a Oye.
Price, SI 00.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Permanently . removed by the only successful
means ever discovered — the Electric Needle, as
operated by Mrs. Harrison.
TDltf PAT Ladies out of town sending:
1KLAL ivl this ad. with 10c In stamps
•will receive a book of instructions and a box
of Lola llontez Creme and Face Powder
KRCE.
Come this week to my parlors and see what
I can do for you.
Mrs. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST,
78-80 Geary St. San Francisco.
DnTTCUTPC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJltUUil "^ houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
haneers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
4AJCI1AAA.* BROS..
Crush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
i MAKER "^^^^^^ MAKER
I WEARER, WEARER -
I great Introductory sale.
! Our stock of ; Cloaks, Suits and Skirts, now complete,
|, we .have started this sale to introduce the new cloak store.
I -You will' find stylish and up-to-date garments surprisingly
I low priced.
( $7.50 Latest Style Spring Jackets! • .... .Now $5.00
> ;¦ ..- Assorted Tans and Blacks.
> $22.50 Blouse and Eton Tailor Suits .Now $15.00
y Tans, Blues. and Blacks.
[ $10.00 Moire Etons. . . ......... .-. . . Now $6.00
[160 $^.00 Dress Skirts in Blue and Black stripes .Now $3.00
I $26.00 60-inch Moire Bishop Coats ..... .Now $12.50
!o 9 o e o«ooo9oo«6oo«eeo999»o®o«oooooee9o«eoo*
;.-., A Notable Opening Exhibit and Sale of
; Ne^w Bathing Suits
-¦ We usher m the summer vacation season of 1902 with a magnificent assortment of Bathing
Suits. We show a variety _that' no other house in San Francisco shows. Here are Ladies' Suits of
every description from the plainineat suit- to.the most fancy creation imaginable — Children's suits in
pretty new "effects-- and suits- for merr andibbys in styles that are ahead of all previous seasons — We
have them iriAlpaca; Flannel, Duck and (Cotton,. also. in Wool Knitted, all of which we are offering
at the most reasohabletpricesr^-We mention a few of the excellent values now on sale.
'Ladies' Bathing Suits made of good quality "Misses', Bathing Suits made of best quality
Duck, in narrow- blue and whiter stripes, have, navy blue flannel, with white braid, comes in
red coUarand belt trimmed with vwhite- <^ocrr\ sizes 10 to 16 years, exceptional value qry or
braid; good for city. or; country, &t...:.ypZ.D\J at CpZ.ZJ
V'- Ladies' : Alpaca : Bathing^ Suits- in riayy blue Men's all-wool Bathing Suits in two parts,
[an^bla^k^wi^^llihg'coHar^of :sarM7materiar in colors red, black and navy blue with neat
prettily trimmed with white braid; a $07 : c' ; white stripings. x For appearance, fit
special at the price .. ............. J.... ...... >pZ./^) or wear, there is nothing better made rt^o AA
-Ladies' fine quality Alpaca Bathing Suits, in at the price
navy blue and black, made in the newest ¦ styles : Boys' two-part Cotton Bathing Suits in black,
with up-to-date trimmings; a great navy blue and cardinal with white stripes-
many splendid styles 'to choose from, (£rr CTA We sell a great many, boys' suits each (t^i aa
at..........;....... ....:.. .^3.75, J4.25 andM>J.JU season at this popular price.. Apl.UU
Also a complete stock of Bathing Caps, Shoes and Bathing Suit Bags
Write for new illustrated Bathing Suit Catalogue, mailed free to puUof 'town. patrons
; Ladies' $2.00 Gloves at..$|.pO -
¦If your size is a 5^, 5^ or a 6, here is an opportunitj'.to get the Maggioni Kid Glove, one of
the world's best makes,' at half price. We have sold thousands of pairs at and later,,
thousands at J1.50 a pair— Theskins are soft and elastic and of the very finest quality; /j»| aa
come in grays, greens, navys and red tans — Their only fault is, 'they have buttons 111 I
.instead of clasps— A real bargain at.................................... t{/ltUy
Sale of Decorative Glassware
To close out quickly, we offer hundreds of pieces of Fine Art Glassware at greatly reduced
prices— Sale comprises exquisite, artistic Vases and Bowls in a great variety of the most unique
shapes— Some plain, some richly decorated, in the choicest of pink, blue, green, red, purple and
amber colorings— offered in two lots' as follows : ¦
Vases and Bowls that formerly sold for ~jr\ I Vases and Bowls that formerly sold <#i ia
85c, 90c, -'$r.op and $iYi5 now .;.•......:..... /UC | for $1.25, $1.50, $1.65 and^1.75, now...
$ 1.7 5 Pin Gushions for $1.25
An interesting offering in ; the Art Needle Work Department— Handsome satin covered
Pin Cushions, in square and oblong shapes, some beautifully lace trimmed with hand painted tops,
some prettily covered all over. with lace, also some made of dotted swiss with dainty lt^-i
swiss ruffle — in pink, blue, yellow and green — You would consider them excellent /K
value at '$1.75— on sale to-morrow, at .........„............:................. \\Jm9MV
¦ {*% " ¦ ' ¦ ."• ¦ I '-. • . T* ' ¦ ,. f • ; -¦ 5 '. T"* 'I •¦ "
opeGiai in .L/auies jjeits
We have just received a special purchase of New Stylish Belts for ladies — we bought them
far below their real value— They are made of Black Silk Moire, with pretty stitched satin «»/\
bands, in the latest shape which gives the figure the correct style — They have handsome K||P
buckles in gilt and oxidized— our special sale price, each. llvw
V;.,,.; ;;'..' , Kearny and Suffer Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MLLIONSOFMOTHERSI
USE CUTICURA SOAP ASSISTED BY CUTI- 1
CURA OINTMENT THE GREAT SKIN CURE 1
For prcscrvtn^, parify in? , and bcaotif yinp; tht skin of infants 9
and children, for rashes, itchings, and chaf ings, for cleansing n
I the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff,* and the stopping n
I of falling hair, lor softening, whitening, and soothing red H
I rough, and sore hands, and for all the purposes of the toilet, rj
I bath, and nursery. Millions of Women use CUTICURA H
SOAP in the form oi baths for annoy ing irritations, inilam- 1
[ mations, and excoriations, for too free or offensive perspira- 1
% tion, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and I
for many sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest I
themselves to women, especially mothers. CUTICURA 1
SOAP combines delicate emollient properties derived from 1
CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the purest of cleans- ¦
ing ingredients ana the most refreshing of flower odours. It H
unites in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE, the BEST skin and 1
complexion soap and the BEST toilet soap in the world. i
COMPLETE EJCTERXAl AM ifiTERXAL TREATMENT FOR EVERY HUMOUR. $1. I
*t*+ , «, <k»nsisnoe or cmanu Soai- (25c.), to clexnte Die akin ot/ I
ulSVlftili'Q cruKte aurt ocaic*, an<l Rotten thp thickened cuticle, CWty
V. * " S. 5 Hi &5 ff ir m OINTMKNT (5(ic-).t« in«tanCyalUy\tchiiiK,tnllAmma^
A •»**»«»•*¦ tion. ntj'J Irritation, hnd noutbe »ncl heal; ana CUTICDKA
— .. c*»* (Ci Kk.«oi.tkwt Piw*(»o.),u»oool and cleanse ttie blood. . 4
I rie aet 9I single Set l« oftcu «uSiclenttorar<! the roost tortarici?.
dlsfljr.r-lER.Jtohlnj:. b'lmin?, a.nd wyily «Ha. eoalp, and blood hiunoan, with Ions of
hair, when all else tail*. Sold throughout the «rorM. ftridsb Depot: 27-», Charter-
hosse Sq.. Ix>odon. French Drpot: 5 Itce Uc lm i'ili, Paris. POTTEit Dkuo am>
Chmi. Cokf> Sole Props.. Boetoa. U. S. A.
Ccticcra. Rs«ox.7XKT Pnxa (CbocoUte tCoitoil ) ••» b rwm. iMteleu, odoarleas, ero-
cotslc*l ratwtiiute tor the aelebmed liquid Cuticiik* KiroLrxxT, »• well m tor all other
blood paitSera and bumcot cciea. In pocket vials, ooutalnlsi: CO doses, prlee tbc.
1 Repairs broken \
m glasses. Lenses B
H duplicated f or 1
|| 5Oc, If astig- a
t| matic 61.00 to 1
®^2>TlARK£TST?yOAKLAND, May. 3.— The filing of a pe
tition for letters: of; administration on the
estate of. Mary Jans, who died' in Alameda
recently,' by R. "B.;Tappan afthe: request
of the deceased's sister,'* Mrs." Louisa I Pc-"
ter, foreshadows a 'contest over the' offlce
of "administrator. Public -Administrator
Hawes . has . already applied .for letters,'
and he will not relinquish his claims with
out a contest. './¦ T -" *;
Contest Over the Jans ' Estate.
OAKLAND, May 3.— A substantial In
crease In the number of school children
is shown by the school census that ! has
just been completed. Census; Marshal Al
bert' J. Brown finds that there are 17,730
school children between the ages of 5 an<J
17 in- the city, an increase of 493 over 1 last
year.'. The total number of children under
the age of 17 is 23,250. The Increased num
ber of children means a large increase in
the amount of money that will be due the
school-fund from the State treasury, each
child being worth $18, to the local depart
ment. -' .. " , . '¦-.¦ •¦'.'. •¦;¦-¦
SCHOOL : CENSUS SHOWS 7
SUBSTANTIAL .INCBEASE
BERKELEY, May 3.— Miss Mary Ja
vette and Miss Mary Johnson, the two
Berkeley girls who ran away last Satur
day, have- been ; located in San Jose,
where they have been staying with a
married sister of Miss Johnson. The run
aways have been sent for and are ex
pected home to-morrow.' . ,
Runaway Girls Found.
OAKLAND, May 3.-W. J. DuvaL, rep
resenting the Insurance offices of ' San
Francisco, has written to Mayor
Bnrsto w protesting against the proposed
Increasing of the fire limits. He says the
conflagration hazard 'will I be greatly in
creased if the enlargement scheme froes
through. It. will 'have the. effect, too, of
increasing insurance rates all over the
city.
New Fire Limits Dangerous.
A cook at the California Hotel, known
as. "Doc" Keefe, and who made his es
cape yesterday after arrest, has not been
apprehended. .
BERKELEY, May 3.— T. J. Nealon, a
clerk at the California Hotel, was arrest
ed this morning for violating the State
mile-limit liquor law, and, with those ar
rested ¦ yesterday, was t arraigned this
morning before Justice Edgar. All enter
ed pleas of : not guilty and the ' dates of
their tria.13 were set as follows: James
Landregan, May 20; W. J. 1 Acheson. May
27; T. J. Nealon, June 3; E. E. Tobey.
June 10. '
"MILE LIMIT" CASES
ABE SET FOB TBIAL
At a moderate price— one that looks good
and is good?, Made of genuine basswood,
brass trimmed, with leather straps and
two trays. It is a leader in our trunk de
partment and the price is $7 50. We have
a special suit case also, at $6 50 that is
equally, good and cheap. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Do You Want a Trunk
Professor A. S. Henderson, starter; A. T
Porter, referee; William '-McStay. marsha); F
O. Miles, announcer; F. -E. Frates, clerk of
courser J. J- Morissey, assistant clerk; G W
Domersue, scorer; W. Sullivan, asslHtant
scorer; Jndgcs of finish, H. K.Hanna, F M
Arevedo, W. Fitzgerald; measurers, P Fitz
gerald, L. F. Tormey,.H. Hartley; timerj> T
C. Kenneally. E.: C. Rice, G. Poultney; field
Judges, G. Haley, T. Greeley. J. L.r Towey :
inspectors, H. Courneen, j. P. Flanlgan L
Pomeroy. ¦, . ¦ ' . '
The mile run'went to G. F. BIgley; time
5 minutes and 34 seconds. E. Hogan se
cured second place. The other entry was
J. Fernandez. ' - . ~ .
The field day events were handled by
the following: / ,
W. A. Grow captured the 120-yard hur
dle race in! 19 seconds. F. Ferguson was
second,-In 18% seconds. -
R. C. McNally won the 220-yard dash
from A. M. O'Brien In 23 seconds. O'Brien
Tas allowed ; three yards handicap. ;
In the. broad jump L F, Ryan landed in
first- place, covering 20 feet 7,-lnches. J
H. Devine was second, with 19 feet 9
inches." .
J. Devine carried eft the high jump,
clearing the bar at 5 feet 3 inches. W.
F. Bradley and F. Ferguson were the
other entries. . ' .
G. J. McDonough threw the hammer
farther than his competitors', A. C. Por
ter,. T. W. Lundy. and' C. A. Adam, the
latter two being allowed a 3-foot handi
cap. McDonough's throw was 122 feet.
The 220-yard hurdle event was won by
R. C. McNally in 31 seconds. W. F.
Bradley secured second place In 31% sec
onds. G. T. McDonough and A. M. O'-
Brien < were the other contestants in this
race. • ..." . ¦. \ . . ' ' ¦ ¦
In' the 100-yard dash for the champion
ship of the college W. P. Kelley breasted
the tape first in 101-5 seconds. A. M. O'-
Brien was second, two yards behind the
winner. L. Berventl ran third.
There were two entries in "the 100-yard
maiden sprint, T. W. Lundy and R. C.
McNally. The latter captured the race
in 10 1-5 seconds.
Four men contested In the shot put. A.
C. Porter tossed the sphere 39 feet i
inches and won. G. McDonough was sec
ond with a record of 28 feet 7 inches. The
other entries were J. P. Towey and T. W.
Lundy, the last named being allowed a
handicap of one foot."
L. Serventi, scratch, defeated E. Hogan,
handicap 7 yards, In the ' 440-yard race.
Time, 53& seconds.
"W. A. Grow , won from P. Ferguson in
the pole vault, clearing the bar at 10 feet
4 inches. Ferguson was allowed 6 inches
as a handicap.
OAKLAND, May 3.— St. Mary's College
Athletic Association held its annual series
of field events to-day on the college
campus and track. There ,waa a large at
tendance of friends of the young athlete3
present and they were treated , to some
exciting contests. During the afternoon
a Juvenile band from St. Vincent's Asy
lum discoursed popular air's and added
much to the pleasure of the occasion.
ANNUAL FIELD GAMES
AT ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
Mayor Schmitz is to discuss; municipal
affairs this evening at the Bethel African
Methodist Episcopal Church, 1207 Powell
¦street. Rev. Dr. F. G. Snelson, F. R. :G.
S., will preach on "The Exalted Christ."
City and County Auditor Harry Baehr is
also scheduled to speak.
This evening at the Simpson Memorial
Methodist .Episcopal Church the monthly
praise service will be given by the full
choir, under the direction of I. E, Blake;
Miss Mabel Jones, organist. /.
Rev. A. C. Bane of the California Street
Methodist Episcopal Church will "preach
this morning on "The Body of Christ"
and in the evening on "Two Masters."}
Rev. Milton D. Buck of the Trinity
Methodist Episcopal Church, will preach
this morning on "Our Lord's Passion"
and in the - evening on "Monotony and
Crises." '•- ' - .¦'-.'.'.• IT.
He\. F. A. Keast of the Epworth
MethodiSJ.. Episcopal Church will preach ,
this morning on "Lessons From the As
cension" and in the evening : Dr. W. W.
Case will occupy the pulpit. - - ,
Rev. Frank Baker of the First Method
ist Church will preach this morning on
"The Last Supper" and in the evening on
"The Young Man as a Son at Home."
Rev. E. J. Harper of the Centenary
Methodist Episjcopal Church will preach
this morning on "Building Character" and
in the evening Rev. E. McWhorter will
preach. .
An organ recital and sacred concert will
be given this evening at the Emmanuel
Baptist Church.
Rev. E. A. Woods of the, First Baptist
Church wUl preach . this morning on
"Christ Finished Work" and in the even
ing on "The Love of Money." y
"Adam and Fallen Man" Is the subject
of the lesson at the First Church of
Christ, Scientists, this morning.
Col. George French and Mrs. French
will speak this evening in the First Con
gregational Church on "Work of the Sal
vation Army." -t i *
Rev. William Rader of the Third Con
gregational Church will preach this morn
ing on "People Who Complain" and in the
evening on "The King Richard of the
Bible." ¦ , t
Rev. F.-B. Cherlngton of the Plymouth
Congregational Church will preach this
morning on "The Practical Character of
Christ's Religion" and in the evening on
"The Blessedness of Unselfishness."
Rev. Philip Coombe of the Richmond
Congregational Church will preach this
I morning on "The Children and the State"
and in the evening on "Sectarianism and
Religious Declension."
Rev. H. H. Bell of the First United Pres
byterian Church will preach this morn
ing on "Sacramental Meditations" and in
the evening on "The Young Man and His
Purity."
Rev. G. F. Ochs will preach this morn
ing at the Emanuel Evangelical Church
and in the evening Rev. R. D. Nichols
Will occupy the pulpit. -
Rev.. Dr. E. Nelander of the First Luth
eran Church will preach this morning on
"Divine Revelations."
Rev. T. Brown bf the African Method
ist Episcopal Zion Church will preach this
evening on "What Must I Do to Be
Saved?" :
Rev. Father Sardi will preach this morn
ing at the 10:30 o'clock mass in St.
Ignatius Church. Rev. Father Cullen will
preach in the evening after vespers.
j Rev. William Kirk Guthrie will preach
this afternoon before a mass-meeting at
the Young Men's Christian Association.
His subject will be "Joseph the Prince."
A: saeclal mission for men opens In St.
Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, this evening at 7:30 o'clock. A
general invitation is extended to men who
may desire to attend the course of ad
dresses, which will be delivered by the
Rev. J. L. O'Neill, O. P.
Of the thousands " of old •¦' wells In Western
Pennsylvania, very, very few are there that are
doing over a barrel -a <3ay. That man thinks
himself lucky who has drlllable territory cap
able of four-barrel wells — that is, wells which
will do four barrels a day average for. two or
three years. A lease of twenty-three , wgls,
having .« production of 200 barrels a month,
sold a few days ago for f 13,000. This is gen
erally regarded as a very good bny, with the
market at fl 15. • ¦
A correspondent of the Pacific Oil Re
porter writes from Pittsburg, Pa"., that
there Js a general belief in Pennsylvania
that California oil has a bright future.
Their reasons are that the uses for the
various grades of petroleum are rapidly
increasing and that the, product of the
Eastern fields ris diminishing < while '. the
demand for oil is increasing. Of old-time
wells in the East the correspondent says:
FTJTTJBE FOR OIL.
The Los Angeles Herald takes the view
that the operation of the pipeline of the
Standard- Oil Company from Bakersfield
to Point Richmond will have the effect of
giving back the local Los Angeles field to
the producers of that place. "The incu
bus of 15-cent oil." it says, "will be lifted
from Southern California." Hope is also
expressed by the journal mentioned that
the shipments in view to Hawaii by the
Union Oil Company will take out a large
amount of high grade oil from the Whit
tier-Fullerton and Ventura fields. Con
tracts that are concluded have done
much toward absorbing the surplus at
Los Angeles. ' .
This " much Is given out by Secretary
Mason of the Association of California
Municipalities. Meanwhile, the controver
sy, has assumed an acute form in some
parts of the State. The California Dust
less Roads Company, through its presi
dent, F. -W. Mattern, has addressed a let
ter to the Supervisors of San Bernardino
County In which Its claim as applied to
all localities is set forth clearly. In this
communication , the San Bernardino Su
pervisors are notified that any treatment
of roads with crude petroleum oil for the
purpose of laying the dust theredf or for
their betterment without the consent of
and satisfactory compensation of th<i
company "is in violation of the legal
rights of the. undersigned, and consti
tutes an infringement of the exclusive
rights held under. letters patent." In an
other * paragraph the company claims to
be the sole licensee for the State of Cali
fornia* of .the right to treat roads, race
courses, walks, etc., with crude petro
leum.. A report from the committee of
California municipalities is expected soon.
In the month of April there was a fall-
Ing off in the number of wells completed
in California's oil fields as compared with
the records in March. Nevertheless the
production, owing to the showing made
by wells in the Kern River district and at
Carreaga, exceeded that of the previous
month.
TAKES Olt ACUTE PHASE.
¦¦-'?- The controversy between the towns, and
cities of the Interior of : California -anci
the I owners I of certain j patents for tho
sprinkling of streets and roads with oil i»
about to take on a new phase. A few
years ago an association was formed, or
the municipalities " of California, which
has held annual meetings since "the date
of organization, where topics relative to
the welfare of municipalities have been
discussed.; The purpose has been to co
operate for the -good of all concerned. - .
. The California Dustless Roadbed Com
pany 'claims a 'patent upon oiled roads,
and It has made . demands upon certain
counties that it shall be paid so much per
mile', for the rqatis sprinkled. In Santa
Barbara, where a 'Claim was made for
payment for use of the oil on the high
ways, . the Supervisors . refused to ac
knowledge the validity Of the demand.
The California § municipalities have; now
appointed a committee whose business it
is to- inquire Into ! the entire matter in
behalf.iC-f all the parties concerned. A're
port will be submitted, and, very likely
the municipalities "Will ¦ be governed In
their attitude by the decision of the com
mittee.. ~ . -•••¦. • ¦ -
Corporation Claims to Own a
of th©^
Process.
Pastors to Preach on Timely
Topics to Congregations
To*Day.
Mayor and Auditor to
Speak at Bethel
Church.
Municipalities Authorize
Committee^ to Make
Investigation. ;
WILL DISCUSS
CITY AFFAIRS
STREET OILING
CAUSES TROUBLE
THE V: SAIST FK A^CISGO CALLJ SUNDAY, MAY ,4, 1902;
34
UNION COURSING PARK.
JNO. BBAOB, Jnigt; JAS. J. BRACB, 8Ujj»r.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY - * . . MAY 4
5 - Notable - 5
Coupsing Events
OPEN, RESERVE,
CLASS RESERVE, SAPLING
AND CHAMPION STAKES.
12f • 126
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend . streets, 10:15
a. m., il a. m.,12 m. and 1 p. m. Twerty-
nfth and Valencia streets five minutes later
Returning at 4 :45 p. m, and after the last
course. San Mateo electric cars every six
minutes. -
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
V - _. . ; ¦ | ! - - • - ¦ : , ; ~~^~~~"~
THIS EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY
SS N B WBDNBSDAY
MR. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Presenting on a Gran-t Scale, C
UNDER THE
RED ROBE.
SEATS READY. -. "
NE2CT— SUNDAY. MAY 10
BronSon Howard's Powerful Comedy Drama
ARISTOCRACY-
• BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY
: : ¦¦¦¦: -::--:¦ , SEATS THURSDAY.
~ ¦ '. ¦¦ - -¦ * r Mmst amutu
- "THE GREATEST HIT IN YE\RS
MATINEE TO-DAY— 10c. 15c, 25c' •
' TONIGHT— LAST TIME
Gorsreous Spectacular ; Melodrama,
SLAVES OF THE ORIENT/
PRICFS Evenings . . ...... ... . . . . . . loc /to 50c
* Matinees. ......:...... .10c, 15c, Zoo
! .TO-MORROW EVG.— The Funniest of AU,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
• The Richest Play of Its Kind. • '
Great Specialties, etc. - ' \-.?
First Appearance at This Theater— WILL H.-
BRAY. •--•¦•¦ .••-• •-¦¦• ¦: -.~. / ¦¦ ""...-
'.WANTIJD!
;- 100 VOICES for FREE CHORAL CLASS;
Swedish method will. be taught. Call at the
Odd Fellows' Hall,: Seventh and Market, S. F.,
Tuesday. Wednesday, Friday and, Saturday all ;
' day until 8 t>. . m. ; also at Woodman . Hall,
Twelfth and Washington, Oakland.
S> Week Commenclnff THIS AFTER-
" NOON. May 4.
ELITE
VAUDEVILLE!
? I Only Appearance in Vaudeville of
Miss Julia Beinricii
America's Greatest Contralto.
Raymond and Gaveriy
The German Jesters. y
! Brothers Hoste
I X European Eccentric Comedians.
! Hilda Thomas
The Favorite Comedienne, Assisted by
LOU HALL. Presenting "THE
LONE STAR."
The Florenz Troupe
Europe's Foremost Acrobats.
The Five Nosses
Venetian Serenaders.
Louise Dresser
In New Songs. H '*"- •
Wilton Brothers 1
Triple Horizontal Bar Comedians. *
LAST WEEK OF *<
MiltonlDollieNobles
PresenUng "A BLUE GRASS WIDOW." J
-\- Parquet, 25c, any seat; Balcony. 10<5; ]
Children. 10c. any part except reserved. <
A few front Orchestra rows, reserved, j
BOc; front rows of Balcony, reserved. <
23c. i
U y iaU IWi_Dl M LEAOIHQ THEATRE
BEGINNING fllONlYAV
TO-MORROW **»Vfl^Lf/*«
, SECOND and LAST WEEK.
MR. N. C. • MISS MAXINB
OOODWIN ELLIOTT
; Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday Nights and
Saturday Matinee,
•AN AMERICAN CITIZEN.
. Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights,
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE.
TWO WEEKS 71/1 A V 10
BEGINNING »!/* Y XZ,
Matinee Wednesday and Saturday. •
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents \
JOHN DREW
And His Company In Hia Greatest Success,
THE SECOND IN COMflANb.
By Bob«rt M«rih*ll, intlor if "A B0711I 7»aily. u
SEAT SALE OPENS TflDRSDAY.
PfflfF^ Evenings.. $2. %\ 50, $1. 75c. 50c, 23c
fit It CO Matinees $1 50. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
COLUMBIA TJEATER-Extra
Next Thursday Afternoon, May 8th,
IMfiTTF* Owing to the length of th» pro-
i" vr M L^. gramme the curtain will rise at
1:30 Instead of 2, as first announced.
Gl? A TC RcadyTo-Morrow
O£jJ± 1 O (Monday) Morning.
EXCEPTIONAL GAlTeNTERTAINMENT
In Aid of the
NEW
ACTORS* HOME
Given Under the Direction of
ACTORS' FlfMO OF AMEBICA
| The Programme Will Include"}
N. a GOODWIN MAXXNB EUJOTT.
And Company.
JAMES NEILI* AND COMPANT.
EDWARD HARRIGAN AND THB .
GRAND OPERA-HOUSB COMPANT.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSB COMPANT.
FEATURE ACTS FROM THB ORPHEUM.
'ALCAZAR THEATER COMPANY. '
CENTRAL THEATER COMPANT.
PRICES %t BO. $1. BO cents
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OF
OLD LAVENDER.
Week Beginning TO-MORROW (MONDAY*
EVENING. ; . "-»*>
— America'* Greatest Author-Actor.
EDWARO HARRIGAN
In Mr. Harrijran's Famous Play,
THE LEATBER PATCH.
A Whirlwind of Fun and an Avalanche of
laughter.
Hear Dave Braham'a Sonsjs,
"Denny Grady*s Hack."
"It Showered Again."
"Baxter Avenue" and
"Put on Yoar Bridal Veil."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c 80c 75e
Good Orchestra. Seats All Matinees 25c.
O.VHEATR £>A>
Eelasco & ThalL Managers.
MATINEE TO-DAY
>: TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. V
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces.
THE LASH OF THE WHIP.
pklCES. . .. . . . .-. . . .15c, 23c. 35c, BOc. 75c.
TO-MORROW EVG.— The Event of the Sea-
son, the American Play,
"When the
Heart Was Young/'
WKKK Y l.fl-
i/i/Jli/ X vili/J/
16 Pages. SI pep Year
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
<Maln Line,. Foot of Market Street )
t«AT« — Faoai Apeh, 20. 1902. — abkitb
7JD0a Benlda, gulsna, EJmira »nd 6*cra-
mecto 6.65P
7.00a Vac«vllle, Winters, Rumsey 7-65r
7-SCa Martinez. San Kamon, Vallejo.
Ksp*. Caiistopa. Sacta Boca 6-26r
1.00a Carls, Woodland. Kniphts Landlnp,
Marr»vllle, Oroville 7-BSr
84N)a. Atlantic Express— Ogdcn and Eatt. 8.25a
8.00a Klles, Lathrop. fitocktoa 7.2&P
8.00a Klles. Mendota, Uanford, Yiss.Ha,
PorterrlUe i 4.55F
8^Da Shasta Express— Davi*. Williams
(for Bartlett Ppringe), Wi'.lows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7-55P
t-30A San Jose. Llrennore, Stockton.
Iooe, Sacramento, Placerrllle.
Merysvllie, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
830a Oakda!e.ChInefct,&onora,Tuolumne 4.£5f
««0a Vauejo- 12.25F
840a Loc Angeles Kxpretf — Mertinrz,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton, Merced.
Raymoad.FresnoandLofAnpr.lct 8.25a
9 -30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way stctlons 7.Bbr
<04)0a Hayward, Xil«?s and Wry Stations. tl2.55r
iOAOa The Overland Lunitea — Ogden,
Dearer, Omaha. Chicafo.. ....... 54251"
t1.O0F Sacramento Hirer Steamer* til.COF
iXtOf Brnicia. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Kclghti Landing,
Marysvlllc Oroville 10.55a
3-SOr Haj-nf ard. Xlies and War Stations.. 7.55r
4.00p Alartlnez.SauBamon.Vallejo,Xapa,
Canttoga, Santa Rosa 9-25a
4-COp Klles, Llvennore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12-25P
4.30p Harward,M!eG,SanJoee,Llrc > nn»re 1S-55a
AZOr The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Ssnzns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.E5a
9-trxrf Tort Costa,! r»c.v.Lstbrop,Stt>clUGU 1025a
B43OP Martloez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25J*
tS.50r Klles Local 7.25a
&O0p Hay ward. Klles and San Jose 7.55a
•re.OOP Tallejo 11.25a
€.00p Oriental M»H— Ogdcn, Denver,
Omaha. St. Lonls. Chicago 4.25*
«-C0p Ean Pablo, Port Cona, Mortlnex -
and Way Sutlocs 11.25a
§F«Br Tvtiejo 755p
H C6p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramesto. Marrsrllle, Redding,
Portland. Pufeti Sound and Ea*u 8.55a
r tt.tOP Harvard and Siles 111.65a
COAST LINE Oarroir «a«gej.
- (Foot of Market Street.)
$7-4Sa Santa Croz Excursion :8.C5*
6.15a Xewark, CeoterrlUe. Saa Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, SeinU
Crux and Way Stailons 6 BOp
TZAor Kewnrk. Centervllle; San Jose.
Kew Almadcn, Feltoa, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crux and Principal '
Way Stailons 10.WU
4.1&P Newark, t>na.Tos«. Los Gatxx -*8B0a
•4.1&P San Jose. Los Gates. Santa Cruz... rB-EOA
OAK LA N D HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAS FKAX CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
-f7:15 *:G0 --11:00 AJC. 1.C0 300 516 p.m.
Troia OAELAKD, Foot of Broadway — 1*:00 ;8:O9
1«:05 10r|»A.K. 12-00 2J0 4.D0 P.M.
COAST LINE < Broad «»»*:«*
Ct'h.ril tna Toenijend Streets.)
6.10 a bia^utc ana W»r Stations 640a
17 00*. San Jcse and Way fctitlons +S-OCU
7.0Qa Kew Almadcn ; /4.10p
17.15a Monterey Excursion 18-3CP
80Ca Co«« Line LJta»«d — San 4ose.
Gl'.roy. SaTlnc*. San Luis Obitpo.
Sxnta Barbam. Lou Angelee and
Principal Intcrnedlste station*. 10-45P
QJOQa. Ean Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove. Salinas. Ssb Luis
Obispo »md Trlnclpal lntennedl-
Me Stations 4.10r
10.30a San Jose and Way Station* 8.36a
11.20a San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
«1£0r Sen Jose and Way Station* a7.00r
r2.45p San Mateo, P.edwood. Menlo Part.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres I'Idos, Santa Crnz, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific '
Grove t10-45A
3-30P San Jose. Del Monte. Pacific Grove.
Santa Cruz and War Static as 7-50r
t4.16P San Jose and Principal WayStatlon* 6-5Gp
IS-OOp San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations. •fS^lOA
5-30p San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stations G.50p
G.30p San Jose end Way Statlons.i, 7.3QP
74K)p Kew. Orleans Express — San Luis
Ob1»po. banta Barbara, Los An-
geles, Deming, El Paso, New
Orleans aud KasU 10-30a
.•71 ASr San Jo>e and Way Stations
A lor Morning. p for Afu-ruooo.
t Sunday exeepted. t Funday only.-
¦ Saturday only. . c Mondar only.
? •atnrdarand /Tuesday and Friday.
Baadav mar.
Chicaco
t» LESS THAN
3 da YS
From
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-section DrawIuK-Koom
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. EScctric-
read:ng Lamps in ever>- Berth, Compart'
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet, Smok-
Jns and Llbran' Cars, trith Barber and
Bath. Dining Care— meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout.
Dally Tourist Cer Service at 6 p. m.
and Pereonally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gen. Agent Pacific Coast
Palace Hotel Saa Francisco*
Jfecarr Follow
yb^iE^EV Flap*
And Travel via the
WabashLine
They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
ROSS C. CLIKE. P. C. P. Agt. Loa An-
geles. Cal. " .
C S. CRANE. O. P. AgL St. Loula. Mo.
iweekly Call,$tOO per Year
IfEW ADyEBTISEMENTS.
DANDRUFF CAUSED' BY A GEBM .
A . New Discovery That Kills tlio
1 Germ and Prevents Baldness. ¦
: Pretty nearly all ' the hair preparations
for dandruff ' have some merit in. allaying
Itching of the scalp, and -in being a fairly
Bcod dressing for the hair, but there -is
only one that recognizes . what -causes
dandruff, f alllnr hair and baldness, v and
that I destroys the ; cause, - a little germ—
and that Is ) Newbrd's Herplclde. This
germ eats Its way into the scalp, down to
the hair root, where it saps - that vitality;
causing dandruff as it digs up the scalp
into little white scales. Unless it is de-
stroyed there's no permanent' stopping of
, falling > hair and/ cure : of dandruff '.and
baldness. % Newbro's Herpiclde kills I the
germ. - ."Destroy . the cause, ' you v remove
the effect." \- . ;. ; V'/^M:. '; '- /: ":-\^
THE CHUTES
Fulton 'Street and Tenth Avenue. '
: GO WHERE 'THE" CROWDS: GO!
A Host of Attractions on the Grounds and' in
- the Macnincent Theater, Seating 4900.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE PERFORM-
- ANCES EVERY/AFTERNOON and
. ¦ -' - ¦ ' -.-?¦¦. EVENING. ¦ ¦
i THE AMAZEMENT OF . ALL,
Col; Edward Beaupre;
Absolutely the Lareest Man on^Earth. - Seven
k iFeet Ten and One-Half Inches in Height. •
ZOO IN ¦ CHARGE *¦ OF COLONEL DANIEL
¦¦" .»".•¦• >¦ BOONE; -•
• ADMISSION, V 10c; CHILDREN. 5c. -i s
Vii" ,:;.-, Phone for Seats— -Park 23: . I '
CiUFOJ^IA flORTBWESTEfiN BY. CO
LESSEES J
SAS FRJIHC1SC0 AND NOBTJ PACIFIC
,- RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiltnron Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAKL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 n - m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, V:30,' 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 330
,5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAKL TO SAX FRANCISCO. - ;
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15 a m •
12:50, 3:40, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 2:05 and «:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40 3:40
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
gan Francisco] May 4, 11)02. ) San Francisco
Week I Sun- j Destina- I Sun- j Week
m Days. | days. | tlon. | days. } Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Novato 10:40 a I S:40a
3:30 p 9:30 a. Petaluma 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10p 5:00p Santa P.osa 7:^5p|6:20p
I Fulton """^
":30 a Windsor' ! 1Q:25 a
5:00p Hr-aldstiurs 10:40 a
L>>-tton
Geyeervllle .
3:30p 8:00a Cloverdale 7:35 r.- 6:20 p
7:30 a 8:00 a WUllts 7:35 1> 10-20~a
•7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40» 10:25a
3:30 p 5:00 p Uklah 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8 :00 a I Guerneville I 7l35l)|lb725 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al Sonoma ',. I 9:10 aj 8*40 a
_5£lO p|_5j00_p| Glen_Enen_ j 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7:S0a 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:25 a
j 3:30 p 5:00 pj , 1.7:35 p[ C:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West SprinSE.and White Sulphur Springs; at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
| Springrs; at Geyserville for Sltaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelaeyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. LakQ-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's
BuckneU'g, Sanhedrin Heights, HuUvWe, Orr's
Hot Springs, Half-Way House, Comptche,
Camp Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport. Uaal: at Willlts for Sher-
wood, Cahto, Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummlnge, ;
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'c, Dyer, Pepper-
wood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off'ce, «50 Market street, j Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITIXG, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SsntQ Fc :
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovri'd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•' Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a »:11 j>
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hacford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
•• Vlsalla.. 3:39pj 6:00 a
•• Bakerefld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:43 a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a.
"Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a frr morning, p for afternoon. -
8:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, earning Palace Sleeping Cam and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. is -Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. daily.
- 8 p. «n. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San • Joaquln Valley. Cor-
respecting train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland.^~^ MM^,. MI ,,.,, MM ,— _^ "
~ KORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Snn«alito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, UHK1.
FROM SAN KRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY'
AND SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— «:«, »7:45}8:45, 9:30, 11:00
a m.. 12:20, *1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 0:15. *6:lS
«":45 8:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. . does not
run 'to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. •9:00, *10:0O. 11:00,
11-30 a n>.. 12:30. '1:30, 2:30, *a:45. 5:00. B:00
7-30 »:45. 11:46 o. m.
Train* marked (•) run to San Quentln.
'FROM KAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. *R:20. 7:40. 8:16. .*S:i'j
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15, »3:30. 4:40. 5:30. «»:4u|
10*15 D. m.
SUNDAYS-6.00 *8:0p 9:30, Ul:00 a. m.,
•1200 m., 1:00, 2:15. *3: 30. 4:16, •5:45.'.6:45
7:S0, 10:15 p. m. . - , -
¦ • Trains marked (•) start from Saa Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40, 6:40. 7:45. 8:25. 9:4s'
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:60, 6:10. 5:20, v T:lo)
X sUnISa'yS— 6^0, 7:55. 10:05. lino" a. rn
12:15, 1:20, 2:30, 3:45, 5:00, 6:05. 7:15, 10:40
P * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days— Cazadero and /way
stations. .V. . ¦ •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . -¦•:-.
• 6:15 p. m.- week days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations.
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. _
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations. ¦ '- ¦¦ ' ¦ •
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. • -¦-;»..
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
¦ Leave Via Sausalito Ferry v • Arrive »
San Fran. Foot of Market St. /N&an Fran.
Week Sun- v^S^SSS^SS, f u «- Week
9.30k. 8:00 a. p^. n »rt»«ia« i-r» »t iis) 1*18*. 9.15a.
11-30 A A -"-' w «« II '."«>'J-
:::::::: "S *. "thm of tahalpjuj- i$ i; zz
I 2:S0 P. OpwJlth.ywrauU. 8;l5 p ¦_ ,
JITia2JiUMH-Lr»«T.™r.» : »r.«Tt«fl.,rn«Uc O llJSr. '
Kck« Otkm. *a MAKUT SlUtZ m< 8ACSAUT0 FZBXT.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!-
HOME OF AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE
. COMIC OPERA COMPANY.
. TO-NIGHT— LAST OF
The Fortune Teller.
MONDAY, . May 5-^-First Presentation I of
ALICE NEILSEN'S Great Companion Opera,
Book by S4UTH and STANGEl
it* \. Music by VICTOR HERBERT. ,
WE PROMISE A SPLENDID OPERA.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
1 . A MAGNIFICENT i CAST. * ? "; ?*
.NEVER BEFORE IN THIS CITY AT THESE'
i POPULAR PRICES. 25c, 50c and 76c.
| Telephone • Bush 9. , .
| FISCHER'S THEATER j
O'Farrell, bet. "and Powell sts.
1 ¦ : *• ¦ .Telephone Main 231.
IT WILL M'THE GREAT ."
;r NEVER END. :: CRUSH CONTINUES.,
**f:i ddc'b •'-..; jd is je-, dee»»
-,.' Pronounced by - Press "and Public-: the : Very
Funniest, Best Cast,- Finest Costumed, Most
Elaborately i Stated," Strongest - Musical . Bur-
lesque ever; putv on'- here."? .This la the fifth
week, ¦¦- commencine : Monday night '¦ next, .and
the sale Is the largest yet.^Matinees Sat. and
Sun.r^B cents; children at matinees, 10 cents;,
nlrht prices, ; all reserved, : 25c and BOc,' and real
comfort in tevery, seat ' In the ; house. - In pre-
paration,- "POUSSE . CAFE," ;the second of
"Weber & Field's famous plays, and, two traves-
ties, "A ROYAL - FAMILY" .and VANTONY
AND CLEOPATRA." - ' ' •/.. . ' . .
pnl <« Ap . Desirable location,
' 1 ulUvV unsurpassed . cuisine,
/" '.Y1 u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
Vi t\(i '¦ ¦-"'¦¦'¦ v ' ce an 4 ' ¦ iiodern ¦-
:.Ullll L /, conveniences are the i
''gy 'k . .-. ' j attributes that have;
¦Ifjlfl/l' niade these , two \ ho- " ;
c \| 1 tt 11 II tels popular , : with ;
jr- .gV tourists- "and travel--
H ATP I C • er^ w h° '''visit ! * San :
IIUIVIO Francisco.;.
•' " ¦ ' ' '. ¦ '•¦ " : ' . " • • • ¦ -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Dry Goods -^^^^- Compaiiy.;;
Great Bedvctions
Wash Dress fabrics
Balance of our elegant thin Dress and
Waist Materials to be closed out.
High Grade Colored
Embroidered Etamines and Plumetis
4-4- inches wide In smartest styles for stylish warm weather wear,
formerly sold at $2.00 and $2.25 a yard, will be closed C1 RQ
out at- - _*f •
ALL ETAMINES and PLUMETIS that were $15O and$1.65 SL2S
are now (yard *.m*«*
ETAMINES and PLUMETIS regularly sold at 75c a yard will Cft/.
besoldat ,,....?. ,. ..'. JWt
Colored Embroidered Swiss Material;
Dainty and stylish for Summer, 3O inches wide, suitable for
waists and dresses, has been marked down from 75c, 9Oc and
Sl.OO to
50c, 60c and 75c a Yard. ,
Mail and Express Orders Receive Immedi&ts Attention.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Geary and Stoctton Streets, Union Square.
@ : This week we Svill offer some of our. newest and most fashionable H
H TAILOR-MADE SUITS and JACKETS at prices which . would be 1
M considered bargains at the end of the season. M
I $20.00 Taiior Suits Cut Rate $15.00. I
H 'Tan,, Navy,. Gray and Brown Tourist Suits, our standard tailoring, 9|
m V silk reveres, velvet collar, just the garment want/dhow, at an unexpected ¦ m
H v lqw. price.. , . ,, v - mi
I $37.50 High Novelty Tailor Suits Gut Rate $27.50. §]
B Made of extraquality Venetian; the tailoring is of superior work- H|
H manship; .the most fashionable and prettiest garment of the season, 'silk- III
I $25.00 Novety Tailor Suits' Cut Rate $20.00. i
M Black, navy, tan and gray material, wearable, tasteful style's, the new- K
|l : est kindof trimming, with extra style skirt. ' W
1 TAN KERSEY -JACKETS, standard quality, pretty, jaunty effects, |
H with dip front, heavy satin lined throughout, -correct tailoring; our $7.50 B
I BLACK VENETIAN JACKETS, neWest spring stVle, with silk. 1
M moire reveres and collar, heavy satin-lined throughout; $10.00 value. Cut §1
I SILK AND MOIRE GARMENTS AT CUT RATES. . |
g I Fancy trimmed Moire Eton at. ......:... ... . .$6.OO. $10.00 B |
|- Fancy trimmed long Moire Coats at $15.00/ $17.5O, $20.00 B
I 1230^32-34 MARKET STREET. I
V "¦ AMTTSEMEirrS. .
GRAND BAY EXCURSION
- Given by the Independent Order of Foresters. Ex-
cursion around the' bay to Vallejo (U. S. Navy-
Yard) and return. A $5.00 trip for 50c. Children
half-price.
Ladies' Improvement Club, of Vallejo will fur-i
:. : „ nish a fine lunch for 25c.
. Music and Dancing on the Boat. i
* The Boat leaves the/Ferry at 9:30 a. m., return-
. ing leaves Mare Island at 5 '30 p. m.
¦ -a You are invited by the Committee. Tickets at
'v" Ferry or from the Com mittee. ;;¦ . *,
Remember the day is v "
. ¦ . r' ' • - -¦..¦¦'..¦ •- . ' - , ' "
I ' -' ¦ ¦ '- ' -
If WEDNESDAY, MAY 7th.Receipts of . old /Potatoes are 'light and meet
with a fair demand at steaBy prices.; There are
a lot of small Oregon | Burbanka for. seed Hying
around and they. are. not but offerings
of-' desirable,' size < sell - readily; at -full It figures."
There -was, considerable inquiry .for large, red
new Potatoes for northern shipment and price*
were a shade > higher. „ ; .---.-. .-..,; -
* The > quotations . on Oregon Onions are •' with-
Potatoes; Onions and Vegetables,
New [ York Cotton ( Market.
NEWTORK,' May 3.— The cotton '; market
HOGS— Receipts, 3400. Market steady. Light
and'; light : mixed, ;, $6 85@7 15; • medium and
heavy, $7 lu@7 30;plgs, ! $4 35@6, ., , -U
\f. - SHEEP— Receipts, . 600. : Steady. - Western
f lambs, $6 15@0 90; Western sheep, $4 S5@0 15. *
' ST. JOSEPH.- Mo., May 3.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts;- 35: nominal.-' Natives," $5 15@6 85* cows
and heifers. $1 25Q-6.; r veals, $3 25<B6; Et'ockers
and feeders,' §2@5 25. '.-.-'.-¦ ; -,-c
ST. : JOSEPH
- SHEEP— Receipts, . 500. . Sheep . arid lambs'
steady. , Good to , choice wethers. - $5 «0@6 20 :
fair to choice mixed. • . $4 7505 50 ; v Western
sheep," $5 25(i?6 20; lambs, $5 75@6 40; Western
lambs, ;: $5 25@C 50. • V. : c ,-. ¦ - -.'V."- ¦:;¦
• v CHICAGO,>May 3.— BATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Nominal;', good to ' prime , steers, $3 75@7 20;
poor, $5 40@C 40; feeders. $2 00«5; cows. $1 40@
5 75;(helfers,,?2@6;, canners, $1 40@2 40;. bulls,
$2 25®5 25 ; , calves. -; $2@5 50 ; Texas fed steers
$525@625. - ¦¦ r-.V--' -/—.-..
HOGS— Receipts:. To-day, SOOO; Monday,
27.000 - estimated ; ' market - Bteady. Mixed and
butchers. ' §6 75@7 22% ; , good to, choice heavy
$7 10@7 27%;" rough.- heavy,: $0 85@7 05; lf K ht
$6 fi5@fi »5; bulk of sales,'. $0 85@7 10 - ' •*•• '.'
Eastern Livestock Market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The shipping demand for. Beans continues and
the /market continues ; to advance. Complaints
of dry weather are corning In from the Lima
Bean - district .,. down "south. ¦ f The firmness la
Bayos Is | enhanced ' by ' slender . stocks. ( | Black
eye are very scarce. . .Whites continues to lead
In point of demand and activity. -
BEANS— rBayos, $2 85@3; small White. $2 50
®2 COp large White. $2 C0@2 70;: Pea, $3 25®
3 50-: Pink. $2 05@2 25;/ Red. ¦ $2 50@2 75:
Blaclxeye,- $4 75@5: Llmas,» ; $3 50@3 65; Red
Kidneys,: $3 50@3.75 per ctl. p . -..:,'
- SEEDS— Trieste r Mustard,^ $2 50@2 65;- Tel-
Jow Mustard,' .'¦ $3 25@3 50; " - Flax/; - $2 25©2 50;
Canary, • 3%c< for i Eastern : Alfalfa . from > ITtah.
10%@ll%c; ;Callforniar 10©10%c;. Rape.% l%@
2%c; Hemp, 3%cperlb. " -- -¦ - -J :
- DRIED; PEAS— Niles,'$l 60@2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. ... :.
Beans and Seeds,
. LIVERPOOL. "
.Wheat— May. July. ? Sept.
Opening.. H - (61% •¦ • B 3%-
Closing ...........•••• *> 2 >e it e 3 s/
PARIS.
Wheat—' .. . May. Scpt.-Dec
Opening •• •"•• 22 30. 20 55
Closing .:....'. ¦...•¦.... 22 ao .20 65
Flovr— • ¦¦¦¦•.¦ -.
Opening ..':"•' • 20 90 ":¦ 26 45
Closing ......T..26 80 . 26 40
downtown banks, ¦which showed a net - ; gain of
$8,800,000: - four of ' thes* banks '. increased this
item ?9,800.O00. while two of the banks ind<
cate a decrease ' of -$2,000,000. ' Two »j Wall
street; Institutions gained $3,100,000 in spscle, 1
while two others lost $3,600,000. f. The clear-
NEW YORK, May 3.— The statement ¦ of the
Associated Banks for. the week ending to-day
thows: ' . -. ¦ . -' ¦ ¦
Loans, ($904,162,500. Increase, ' $10,763,400.
Deposits, $S)C8,1S9.<WO. Increase. $13,64.V0O.
Circulation, $31,049,300. Increase, $79.COO. - '\
Legal tcr.ders, $75,681,000. Increase, $677,300.
Specie, $173,850,400. Increase, $756,400. —
Reserves, $245,531,400. Increase, $1,432,700.
¦Reserve, required, ¦ $242,047,400. Increase,
$3,410,750. -• "
; Surplus,- $7,48 1,000. Decrease, ¦ $1,977,050. ,
The Financier Bays;- The official » statement
of the Associated Banks • showed an Increase
of s $1,443,700 In 'cash. Instead . of • a ¦ decrease
of $2,501,800, as was estimated .. from the
movement of money during, the week. -. .The
striking feature of the of flclal ; statement was
¦ the Increase of $10,768,400 in loans. -This may
be regarded as surprising, .-considering- -the
fact - that there was good ' evidence of . large
calling of loans early In the week, -Incident to
preparations -for 'the. disbursement . of , May In
terest and dividends.' and considering also that
there must | have . been more . or less . liquidation
of loans due to syndicate operations of seme
magnitude, possibly resulting in part from the
payment during the week of $10,000,000 j for
Pennsylvania bonds and of 'a like amount for
Rock Island purchases. 'The " deposits* were
augmented by $13,«43.000, or $1,440,000 greater
tban was ¦ called • for by the * Increase - in : the
loans and in ; cash ; the statement was,' there
fore, out of ¦ harmony. • * The required reserve
was Increased *3,410,17P 'by the gain In'de
posits. . Deducting . therefrom the - increase 1 in
cash leaves *l,977,0T<0 as the loss ln^Burplus
reserve, . reducing : this ¦ Item < to t7,484,O00. -- A
year ago the surplus was ' $10,980,100. '.The
most notable changes ¦ in ' loans were by ; nine
Associated Banks' Statement.
Generally cloudy weather prevails ¦ over
Washington and Oregon. Elsewhere on the Pa
cific Slope fair weather prevails. Light show
ers have occurred in Washington.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific Slope
and risen in the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature has risen slightly west of
the Rocky Mountains, except In Washington,
¦u-her* there haa been a slight fall. The tem
perature is below the normal throughout tbe
forecast made «t San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 4. 1902: "
Xorthero California — Generally cloudy Sun
day- somewhat threatening in the north por
tion, with 6howers in extreme north; fresh
southerly wind- . ,
Southern California — Fair Sunday; fresh west
Nevada — Generally \doudy Sunday; warmer
la north portion; fresh southerly wind.
FORECAST.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
ABtorta S0.14 62 42 EW Cloudy .24
Bakr-r • 3O.O4 B2 36 NTV Cloudy .00
Careon .29. 8S 56 34 W Pt Cldy .00
Eureka 30.10 60 42 NW Clear .00
Fresno 29-00 70 46 NW Clear -' .00
Flajjstaff 23.74 C4 SO SW .Ooudy .00
Po^tello Ida-'SO.OO 52 32 W Clear T.
lodependence. .29.74 t& 42 SW Clear .00
Los Angeles. .23.3* 68 . *8 SW Clear .00
Phoenix :».«« «8 38 SW Clear .00
Portland 30.32 54 4« E Cloudy .02
Bed Bluff 29.94 74 4«5 N Clear .^0
Roseburg 29.74 64 38 NW Clear .CO
Sacramento ..29.82 72 44 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 2».9« 54 36 NW Clear .00
San Frar.clsco.30. 02 CO 4S W Pt Cldy .00
S. L. Oblspo. .50.02 70 44 W Oear .00
San Diego 29.94 «2 52 W Oear .00
.Seattle 30.10 56 4« S Cloudy .01
Spokane 30.06 64 42 S Cloudy T.
JCeab Bay 30.0$ 50 4« SW Rain .04
Walla Walla.. 30.02 CO 42 S Pt Cldy .22
Wtnnesaucca.. 29.08 5C IS NE Pt Cldy .00
luxna 29.70 88 5S W Clear ;s .00
Foreign-Futures.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
There was very little local Poultry received
and the quotations .were unchanged. Young
stock has been scarce and sold fairly all the
week, but -old stock haSj been plentiful and
dull, owing to ' the : large'receipts : of [ Eastern
Hens, which were offering at. low prices.' Two
or three cars ot Eastern will be offered to
morrow. • "•
- Game cleaned up at unchanged prices, 10
sacks being received.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, l.~>$14c rar Gob
blers and 15<&16c for Hews; Geese, per pair.;
$1 2r<Sl 50; Goslings. $2®2 25; ' Duck?, $4 50
@5 for old and $5 50@S for young; Hens. $3 50
@4 50; young Roosters, $6@7 50; old Roosters.
$3 75@4; Fryers, $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3 50®
4 60 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $150 for
Cottontails and . $1 for -Brush; Gray Geese.
$S 50@3: White -Geese. 75c®$l; Brant. SI 25
for small and $2 for large; English Snipe. $2 50
®3; Jack Soipe, 4 $l 50. -
Poultry and Game.
On the Produce; Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. v-CTeamarles,.15{J21%c;
Dairies, -17@20c. : Cheese, steady.- 12%@13%c.
Ergs, steady; fresh, 15c.
% *% Sa • si» 3
o »1 ?=• 22 Za "
S 3s 2 3 si il'C-M
ctations. J«alg:§ *~- •
• Z ' - ¦ • • I '. '
T^E COAST JtECORD.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; Tninlmum, 4ft; tnean. 5«.
Articles— .- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ....;....... 1P.O0O '- /9,000
Wheat, bushels ........... 42,000 202, 000
Corn, busrrels ...'..... ....163,000 : 35,000
Oatr, ' bushels ........... .241,00f) ; 167.000
Rye. buFh#ls : ....'.".;..... 2,000 ,' '- •' 62,000
Bariey, bushels ......".... 21,000 -I 1,000
Eareka &5 San Diego 62
Fresno "*$ Kacramento 72
Los Angele*..^ '. . GS Independence ...'.:. fiS
Red Blnff 74 Tiima S3
San Luis Otlspo 70
There. Is nothing new to report.*' Bran; Mid
dlings and . Rolled Barley continue firm,* while
Hay la easy, at the familiar quotations.
BRAN— $17 50@18 .per ton.- ,-•
MIDDLINGS — $20 60@21 50 per ton;
- KKEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $*."0 50@21 50
per ton;' Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25^26; job
bing; $2fl 5Q©27 : Cocoanut Cake. $20@21 : Corn
Meal, 1 - $2&@2O 50; Cracked . . Corn. . ¦ $28 C0@30;
Mixed Feed, . $16017; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAT— Wheat,. $0@ll 50; .Wheat . and ;Oat.
$8 50®ll: Oat. $8^10 50; Alfalfa. $8@ll: Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer. $6 50©8 50; Stock.; $u@8
per ton.- "¦¦' • ¦*'.''.::'' - ¦ ' • V:-"'
, . STRAW— 40@C5c per I bale. . u
Hay and Feedstuff s.
. FLOUR— California Family.' Extras, $3 50©
3 75. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40®3 W
Oregon, ?2 75@3 25 per barrel for family' and
$3®5 50 tor Bakers'; Washington Bakers', fcj@
3 50. ¦¦ ; -' ¦-:- ¦'•-¦¦. . ' . ¦ ,\ .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices. In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: • Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats,- $5 25; Hominy. $4@
4 25: -Buckwheat Flour, $4 5004 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, , $4 50: Whole . Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@0; in
sacks, $6 85@S 50; Pearl' Barley. ' $5 60: Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Tbe following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day: ¦
<120th Meridtan — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 3. 1002—5 p. m
Weather Report.
drawn as shipments to this market have about
ceased. Other descriptions of old: Onions were
held firm at unchanged prices. Supplies of
red were plentiful and green were a drug on
the market. > - t . .
Receipts of Asparagus continued light . and
the market cleaned up well under a brisk local
demand at Improved prices. Rhubarb was dull
and 6nly jl few -special marks brought top
prices. Peas and Tomatoes moved off well
under a steady inquiry both locally and for
shipment on the Oregon' stjeamer. Changes in
Lcs Angeles vegetables were slight. ' A few
pounds of String Beans were received from
Winters and eold for 25c per lb. • ¦
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 1%@2%C per lb
old $1 50@ 1 75 for Burba nks from the river;
Oregon Biivbanks. $1 75@2 10; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60@l 75; River Reds, $1 30@l 35;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 50@l Co; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed. $1 35ij?l CO; Sweets. 2c per lb
for Merced. ¦ f .
ONIONS — Nevadas. $2 75; Australian. $3 25
@3 75, second-hands; new Red. 75c@$l per
sack; Green Onions, 15@30c per box; Silver
skins. 7&c@$l per box. > ,r
. VEGETABLES — : Asparagus, extra farrsj-.
$2 50 per box, $2@2 25 for No. 1 and $1 50
@1 75 for No. 2; Rhubarb. 4Ci?tWS5c per box; ex
tra-fancy. 75c@$l; Green Peas,- 75c@$l tper
sack, and lc per lb to the canners; • String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 10®12%c per lb. In
cluding Wax; Cabbage. 50@e5c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 25<SS2 ~25' per box and crate;
Mexican Tomatoes, $10175- per box for re
packed; Dried Peppers. 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen for small
and ,?1 ©1 25 for large: Garlic, 2<5!3c:- Los An
geles Green Peppers, 12%©l5c; Mexican do. 8
ftxlOc: Egg' Plant, from- Los Angeles. 15<S20c:
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 50;
Marrowfat Squash. $15020 per ton; Hubbard
Squash, ?15<g "0; Mushrooms. - nominal. -
Flour, firm; winter patents. $3 90® 4:
straights,' $3 20@3 80;. clears, $3<g3.60; spring
specials. $4 20@4 30;' patents. $3 40@3 80;
straights f 2 90@3 30: No. 3 spring wheat.- V. @
75c; No. 2 red. 83@84c; No. 2 oats, 42c; No. 2
white, 44@44%c; No/ 3 white, 43%@44%c; No.
2 rye. 58 %c: fair to choice malting barley. 68tje
71c: No 1 flaxseed. $1 67; No. 1 Northwestern,'
$1 -79;- prim* timothy : seed, $7 25#7 35; mess
pork per < barrel. $10 95@17; - lard, per 100
pcurids, $10 15@10 17%; short . ribs- sides
(lovre), 50 50® 0 60; dry salted shoulders
(boxed),- 7J/i@8c; short clear . sides (boxed),
$10 10010 20; whisky, . basis of high wines,
?l 30 ; ' clover, contract grade, • $8 35.
Caeh quotations were as follows
Articles — t Open." High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' /
M?y 757i 75% 74%- 75
July 7t>«4 — 77 76 ., • 7e»&
September . 76 Vi 76 J4 ---; 75% ;s 75%
Corn No. 2 — * » '
May 60% «0«4 CO fi«
July 62V* C2Vi 61% 61%
September:..... 61% 61%/60«i 60%
Maf?.^^. 42 42% W 4%
July, old 34% VA% 34% 3454
July new ..:. -36% 36% 3«V4 36%
September; old.. 29% 30 20%- 23^
September! new. 31% 31% 31% 31 Vi
Mets Pork, per barrel-v-
May .lfi 90 ........'..:... 16 90
July ...rr:..... 17 05 17 12% 17 05 17 12V,
September 17 22% 17 22% 17 15 17 17%
Lard per 100 pounds —
May 10 10 10 12% 10 10 10 121.'.
j u ly" .-. 10 15 10 20 10 15 10 20.
September .....10 22% 10 27% 10 22% 10 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
May ..£. •• •••• .... 9 52%
July ..9 50 9 57% fl BO 9 57^.
September .:... 9 57% 9 65 _» 55 8 65
The leading futures ranged as follows
•"Private advices from the coast to-day state
Ftocks of peaches (dried) are now reduced to
twenty-seven carloads held by three operators^
&s against three times that quantity last year
at this tiait. There are fnlly four months to
elapse before new peck can be available, and
naturally holders are disposed to considerable
SrmiKK. There is a pood demand from West
ern points, stocks In the principal consuming
markets being comparatively light. The late
e»--ason on fresh vegetables It is expected will
cause en added demand, and consumption for
the fruit. Apricots arc atee In strong position
and moving in a fair way."
"In suu we hear of business in Brazils for
interior account in a round lot way at 4JAc for
medium and 4%c for large. In almonds Sicily
sheJi^d is firm and in few hands. Valencia*
are in moderate request and about steady at
24c. Chabert •walnuts are unchanged. Sicily
filbert* are in rrKM5erate demand, with eales
noted up to S>4c In a Email way for best offer
ings.
"At the moment the improvement in interest
lor spot prunes is manifest and additional busi
ness has been done. There is a slightly stead
ier feeling on new fruit and business in a email
way hat been declined at C%c for-40-50s in 25
1b boxes. There are sellers, however, at 6%c.
aad sales on the latter baris for Jobbing ac
count are reported in a fairly large way. Sizes
80-«0e snd C0-70s are in fair request, with
transactions reported closed at a shade under
inside quotations on old fruit. A sale of 7O-8CE
old fruit is heard of on private terms. In some
ouarters there continues a free selling disposi
tion on old fruit, the tendency In view of the
iisinellnatinn of holders to carry goocls into
cold storage being in buyers' favor. The mar
. ket, however, shows a shade less easiness than
was noted early In the week. In currants a
trifle more inquiry is reported In several quar
ters for fine Amalias uncleaned In bbls, and :
¦we hear of business dene at 4'jc. Last advices
noted a firm market in Greece.
"In raisins Valencia layers are scarce and firm.
«t ~*J4C. California loose and seeded are dull
and quiet, with market favortng buyers. Some
businet-K Is heard of In fancy seeded I-lb cartons
at h' 4 c and choice at 8c. In sr.ricot* the de
xcand is on Jobbing orticr and fair. Prices are
steady. Peaches, show a good inquiry and re
sulting business. Stocks are fairly well con- ;
cen'rated. In dates a moderate interest is
noted. The principal holders advanced %c on
Khadrawee and Haltowee. Fig6 are nominally
unchanged. ;
Mail advices from New York -say
Dried Fruits in New lork.
Corn was again weak with commission house
selling based on excellent , crop . news as the
feature. July closed w.eak, ' ?s@'%c down, . at
61 %c. ¦;-. ¦ . •' -. . : ¦
Oata were dull, with small trade over a very
narrow range. July closed %c lower at 36V4c.
Provisions were strong,- but with higher
prices for hogs. July pork closed 7%@10c up,
lard 5c up and ribs 5@7%c up.
CHICAGO, May 3. — At the outset wheat
showed good strength. Cables were firm and
indicated a generally strong foreign position,
especially when the recent sales to France were
considered. There was too much rain In* the
Northwest to permit of early spring wheat
sowing, and the possibility of a retarded spring
crop gave the bulls a higher price argument.
The Government reports still show Kansas and
Nebraska suffering for the want of rain. . On
these influences July wheat opened %@%c to
%@%c up at 7fi%c to 77c. Private messages,
however. Boon began to arrive telling of rains
In Kansas.; This broke the market for a time.
but the foreign situation br&ught another, rally.
Commission 1 houses were on both'tjldes of the
market and slightly favored buying. The quiet
nature of the market, however, 6llghtly helped
the bears and when Kansas rains were consid
ered -again- they put a selling pressure on the
cereal. 'July fell to 75%c and closed weak, . %c
lower, at 7e@76Mic. . . ' . v -.,.
Chicago Grain Market.
"Spring wheat is coming up in the eastern
section. Fall wheat hs four or five inches high
in a few localities, but as a rule Improvement
has been slight Fince the previous week, the
weather having been too cool. The fruit pros
pect is thus far very good. Apples are coming
Into bloom, while plums, pears, peaches and
cherries have been in bloom some time."
"There were but a few slight showers, the
week having been mostly dry and favorable to
f» r<i:r.fr and planting. Oat seeding is in prog
ress In Skaglt County on the flats. Potato
planting is now general. Hope are being trained,
lor the first time.
"Althcrugh the weather hag been somewhat
cool, with several frosty nights, the past week
hae been more favorable for growth than any
heretofore this spring. Light frosts on the
21 Ft, 22d and 24th did no injury to fruit bloom,
except possibly to peaches in localities of the
eastern section. Warmer weather i» desirable.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor United States Weather Bureau, for the
Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended May 1.
is cs follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin,
"It was a repetition of yesterday's market
Dullness with th« bull side giving scalpers and
local bears the market. The cash situation Is
slow in every . respect. There j has S been
some slight Increase, perhaps In .country of
ferings from- this State and Iowa, but nothing
material. Interest is still centered in what the
Gates party will do. At the moment th»y seem
to be doing nothing.'? " -
Large Yellow.- $1 37%«1 47%;: small round
do $L4O®1 50; Whit*. $1 CO@1CO.
RYE— Dull at 90@95c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 €5@1 75 p<. r
ctl. c .."*¦-.'.-¦»¦ • ;
Informal Se?slon — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. 79c; 2000. 79 %c; 20,000, 79^c.
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, 79%c.
Regular Morning Session — 2000 ctls, O45ic;
4000. 95c. » December— 2000, : 79 %c.
1 OATS — The reported purchases of the English
Government up north are confirmed, 4000 tons
having been taken at Victoria for this account.
The San Francisco market rules very firm and
some dealers are disposed -to ask an advance'
The Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co
says:' "The market is very quiet and the tone
Is rather . easy.' ¦ The weather conditions are
generally considered favorable and there Is
some short selling of next crop futures for this
reason. The principal owner of the local stocks
of - Oats . Is chartering vessels freely. t3 move
out the property. There Is probably some short
interest yet for May ' delivery." .
Grays. *1 ao@l 40; whites'. ?l 30@l 45: Sur
prises. $1 40@l 45: black. $1 12}i@l 3'iV,- red
$1 3001 42% per (AX. , Z 3 ' \
-¦ CORN — The market continues very firm, with
slender offerings. The Qhlcago letter of Bol
ton,>De Ruyter &" Co.' says: ; . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Second Session— 2000 ctls, $111%. Decem
ber—€000,-$1 09%; 4000, $1 00%. ', . '
Regular Morning Session — December — 10.COO
ctlB. $1 09»J. •¦ ¦. .
'BARLEY — The week closed on a very firm
mat ket. Some dealers ¦ were holding out for
$1 for Feed at the close, but no sales at this
figure were verified, though there were rumored
transactions. Futures . showed a material ad
vance.
Feed, 97%®«8%c for No. 1 and 95c for off
grades; brewing and shipping grades, $1; Chev
alier, I $1@1 20. • ': . ¦ .
,.- CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15. o'clock — No eales.
Chicago opened strong on bullish cables and
continued unfavorable weather, both In the
Southwest and Northwest. Cash wheat was In
general demand. . Stocks at Duluth decreased
650.000 bushels. - Rains in Kansas caused stop
order selling and" a consequent decline. The
Ohio State report gave a crop condition of 74,
the same as last month. ' Complaints from
Nebraska increased. Reports from Kansas con
tinued gloomy, and were to the effect that even
with rains from now on most of - tbe wheat
counties cannot get more, than seed back. A
large Western exporting house wired that Kan
f-as cannot raise one-third, and Kansas, Texas,
Oklahoma and Nebraska combined not I over
one-half of last year. Continued rains were
reported In the Red River Valley, and through
out the Northwest seeding Is being delayed by
ralnB.
The weekly Chicago letter of Bolton, De Ruy
ter & Co. Bays:
"The market has shown some strength early
on the steady cables, but turned weak early
and sold off later on reports of showers In Kan
sas. There was considerable pit liquidation
of holdings on account of its being Saturday.
Northwcet stocks are weak about 100,000, and
another decline in visible Is expected Monday.
The cash situation remains fairly strong. Any
.weakness in the market at the moment seems
due entirely to weather conditions and \ specu
lative influence. So far as the tendency of re
ports concerning the crop generally is concerned
It is getting no better and there is nothing to
indicate that the Government report on the
10th inst. will not lower its estimate of the
conditions.". ¦
In the local market shipping grades were un
changed, buf futures were weaker.
Spot -AVheat — Shipping. ?l 12%; milling.
$1 13*34 @1 15 per cental. "
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures easy.
Wheat and Other Grains.
SALMON — The receipts of salmon in April
v«re 7915 cases and 253 barrels. All but 131
cases of these were received from Oregon and
"Washington. The exports were 11,456 cases
and 13 packages.
LUMBER — Tlje receipts -et lumber at this
port by sea in April were 41.091.000 feet, of
mhich 19,405.000 feet were receded from Cali
fornian ports and the balance from Washing
ton and Oregon. The exports during the
menth were 2.33?, 732 feet, of which 412.000
feet v.-ere chipped as dunnage on the grain
fleet.
Lumber and Salmon Trade.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight — . .4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 8»',»
New 1 ork Exchange, sight — • 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce : — ' 50ft
Mexican Dollars, nominal ..... — ¦ 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
\LSn XOOXS 3HOA AY3N
Atchison' :........ S& T-^-^t
Atchison pfd ' • 2,000 . 98 9714 07 $
Baltimore & Ohio. 4.100 .107. . 100% Io6%
Baltimore & O pfd . ....... ¦ Xe A
Canadian Pacific... 10.900 125% i^jit i»n»/
Canadian Southern .1,500 92U 91 3! 5i5?
Chesapeake & Ohio 800 47 4b2 %it
Chlcapo & Alton.. 700 38 £> -^514
Chic & Alton pfd. 100 75% 75&4 r\S.
Chic, lnd& Louis. - 4.200 72% 72 Z%u.
Chic. Ind & 1m pfd. 1.IO0 £5 • 84 <r
Chic & East 111... ,£V
Chicago & G WV. 4,300 27% >*»&, -ifu
Chic & G W A pfd 200 8SU " $8* ' tin.
chic & g w b pfd .-: ula
Chic A North wen.. 1,200 ' 2R.1 -¦ 262*" 2r>S
Chic. R I & Pacific 1.200 175 174 \wl
Chic Term & Tran 700 20% m«- 2ou
Chi Term & T pfd 1.300 3G% 36$ :
C. C. C & St Louis 1.800 104- 103 ijjui/,
Colorado Southern. 1,500 29"4 28»4 mi!
Colo South 1st pfd ..... fhif
Colo South 2d pfd.. 500 13% 43** 43 if
Dela & Hudson..: 2,200 175% 174% 175*4
Dela. Lask it Wect 4/)0> 281 280 «S0
Denver & R O.... 400 42«i 42 ' 4<>
Denver & R G pfd 100 00T4 »0% ' f»o«4
Erie »,700 37« • -T«% 37U
Erie 1st pfd 1,500 .08% 07% 68^4
Erie 2d pfd.. ...;.. ; 200 . 53% 53/ m2
Great Northern pfd...... ..... 3R3
Hocking Valley. .... 700 £3 81% . sa
Hocking Valley pfd 200 T>0«4 . !*>%• jx>ii
Illinois Central.... 7, 100' "153% 150 153
The bond mark* has been affected bv the lat»
pathy 16 "" St ° CkS and PriCCS decllne< * «n syml
railed States new 4s declined K and the
Too varying weather news in the crop bolt
has been an Influence on the market and «ie
dc:ay in settling the anthracite coal mlners !
wages is .-mother matter of holding back the
A deeper Impression than Is superflclaljy ap
parent has been caused by the action this week
of the New York clearing bouse authorities.
The decision to require institutions to be ad
mitted in future to clearing houee privileges to
maintain a cash reserve In their own vaults
commensurate with that required of members
themselves is interpreted as a note of warning
egninst the present rate of rtredit expansion.
This action Is primarily and ostensibly dl
rwrted against the rapid rate of Increase of new
banks and trust companies. It Is also the
ovtgTOWth of much serious discussion that has
taken place regarding tne growth of tbe de
posit banking business and trust companies
without any such legal restrictions upon them
to traintain cash reserves as are enjoined on
the banks. The trust companies retain onlv
an insignificant proi*ortlon of the money in
th«ir own vault* at any time. Their cash is on
deposit with the banks, and figures there as
cash reserve. It is at the very time when de
mand for credits or dimunition of cash in the
bank* has run up the money rat* that th»
trust companies are attracted to put cut loans
at th* hi?»j money rate prevailing. Relief Is
nominally afforded to the banks by this shift
ing of the demand for cash on the'trust com
panies, but the effect is likely to be an ex
panding volume of credit on shrinking cash
refcerves. The last published statement of the
condition of trust - companies for New York
State showed loans on'collateral of $540 208 -
20(5. and $121,045,797 of "c*?h . on hand'' of
which, however, all but £8.858,702 was on de
posit with banks. There have been heavy
loans since the first of the yoar by the trust
corrpanles. The -weekly bank, statements re
veal that the banks/ are down to near the
legal reserv* limit, which is thus Been to figure
not only against their own deposits, but tno«"
of the trust companies, and many interior in
stitutions who also keep deposits in New York
Dtcline in speculative Interest has been shown
in the stock market tbls week and efforts at
eupiiOrting prices have not met with entire suc
cess. The month-end requirements precipitated
a stringent condition in the money market,
which was aggravated by the collapse in In
t'.ri.-ational Power and tbe distrust engendered
In some of the other industrials supposed to
have affiliations with that company, or whose
conc"ltien* are erqually. shrouded in mystery.
This undoubtedly led to some discrimination by
the banks agalnn industrial* as collateral in
lr-ans. Tbe ingenious admission by one of the
principals in the power episode that the slump
v.a« due to the .neglect of his patron to put In
a buying order at the same time as his selling
order was impressive as an example 'of liow
some of the recent unexplained advances in
pr!c»s might have been brought about. Tha
most striking fact in the power episode was ths
lack of a general market for the stock, in spite
of its dazzling rise of ever 100 points, when
attempts were made to effect real sales. En
tire eollapse was th«- result. The episode'in
vited attention to the recent course of many
other flocks-. Even nsnong the standard rail
road rtocks there arc instances where the mar
ket turn has over-amounted to several times
the outstanding capital of the company in .the
course of a few days, with a resulting price
change of only a few points. Taken in con
n*ction with complaints of commission houses
of the scarcity of orders .from the general pub
lic, these facts awaken distrust of the genuine
ness of i?om<! of the price movements in the
market. Day after day new high record prices
ar* (-stabllsbed In many standard stocks, to say
nothing of the large crop of new and' untried
industrial securities, of which there is little
public knowledge beyond the recorded price
movements' in tbe market. It is almost an In
variable rule tbat declining money resources
is the instrument for disclosing the weak mar
ket position of securities. Stocks whose high
pilees are due to buying with borrowed re
sources with a view, to only temporary hold
ing must be thrown over when loans begin to
be called in. . . "• .
NEW YORK. May 3.— The net changes In
tc- day's etock market showed little feverUh
nervousness of th^ two hours' trading. When
the market closed yesterday there was little
realizing of the nature of the financial trou
bles reflected in the collapse yesterday of the
&o-ca!led Webb group of stocks on the Stock
Exchange In the curb market. Every oppor
tunity had 'been given to avert the threatened
failures and to provide for support in the stock
market. The fact that no stocks are dcllve:n
ble en Saturday under contracts, according to
Stock Exchange rules and thtt loans made on
Friday carry over to Monday, helped the ef
forts to avoid trouble. There was a threaten
ing break In prices at the opening of the stock
market, in eptte of a strong upward mov«m<;nt
in Louisville and Nashville and Pennsylvania.
These advances , were lost. howev*r, % and sup
porting orders at weak points were found, neo
eetary to check indiscriminate liquidation.
V.*hcn St. Paul was- selling in 100-share lot? at
170 there wars bids in the inarktt for 7000
share* at 170%. The centralized buying was
not followed up Then *t was ceen that the sell-
Ing was checked. After the bank statement ap
peared tho buying was renewed in a more ag
grestlve manner, and the market developed a
talrly buoyant tone, with th* close active and
succe. Earlier losses were generally wip«d
out and net £alns were quite common at the
close. Of the stocks supposed to b* immediate
ly concerned in the disturbances, Rutland pre
ferred fluctuated between 103 and 99, with the
last sale at 100, compared with 102 last night.
St. Lawrence and Adirondack v/as variously
quoted at 60 bid, 120 asked, and 75 bid and
120 asked, with the closing quotation 50 bid
and 100 asked. The, increase in capital shown
by the banks was a total surprise, us the
bssvy tub-Treasury absorption during the
week indicated a loss of more thnn $3,000,000.
The relief thus afforded was a welcome one. in
view at the loan expansion of more than ?10.
000,000. The sharp liquidation in the stock
market, it Is hoped, has served to relieve the
tmsion of the money situation, although an
actfv* money market is expected next week.
New York Stock Market.
Receipts of coal at this port by eca during
the month of April were as follows: From
British Columbia., 59.463 tons; Washington.
36.&B0: Australia. 32.146; Great Britain. 5254;
Oregon, 3180, making a total of 116,802 tons.
Receipts of Coal in April.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
Bank Clearincs daring the past week
«re f28.8G5.052. egainst $24,996,379 during the
matt neck la*i year.
San Francisco and vicinity — Generally cloudy
and somewhat threatening Sunday, fresh south
west wind. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
The situation in evaporated apples remains
about unchanged. The market is firm and
offerings are light. The export, and Jobbing
demand is limited. State common to good, 7@
8%c; prime, 9%<§9Vic; choice, 0%@10c; fancy,
10M.@nc.
In prunes new fruit is steady and in fair
Jobbing request. Old fruit is Irregular and
holders will probably make concessions to move
sto*k; small fruit is some stronger. Apricots
and peachcB are quite active in Jobbing way
and steady to firm.
PRUNES — 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS— Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10%@
12c '
PEACHES— Peeled, 14@16c; unpeeled, . 8Vi@
lie. -
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, May 3. — FLOUR — Receipts,
21,588 barrels; exports, 11.735 barrels. ¦ Sales,
6700 packages. , Market was quiet, but very
firm Winter patents. $3 S5@-t 05; .• winter
straights,' $3 75@3 90; Minnesota patents, $3 90
@4 15;' winter extras. $3 10@3 35; Minnesota
bakers $3@4 30; winter low 'grades, , $2 90®
3 15. '
WHEAT — Receipts, 193,050 bushels; exports.
95.455 bushels; sales, 830, 000 bushels futures;
24,000 bushels spot. ¦ Spot steady. No. 2 red,
00c elevator; No. .2 red, 91c nominal f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 85c f. o. b.
afloat- No. . 1 hard Manitoba, 88V4c f. o. b.
afloat. Wheat opened firm and a shade higher,
being influenced by dry Kansas weather and
strength In the Northwest, but efforts to take
profits revealed little good support and weak
ness ensued. Near the close prices rallied In
a forecast for dry weather In Kansas City and
left off %c net higher. May, 81%@81%o, closed
81«c; July, 81 13-16@82J4c closed at 82%c;
September. SO%@8114c, closed at 81 J >4c; De
cember. S2?i®82%c. closed at 82%c.
HOPS Quiet. State common 'to choice, 1901
crop lG<fi£Oc; 11W0 crop, 13@14c;. old; 4&tic;
Paclllff Coast, 1901 crop. 15@10%c; 1900 crop,
13@14c: 4fa:tic for old.
HIDES — Firm. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 18%c; Texas
dry 24 to 30 pounds, 13c.
WOOL — Quiet. Domestic fleece, 25®29c.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, dull. No. 7 invoice,
5 7-1<>c; mild, dull; Cordova. 8®12c.
SUGAR — Raw. strong. • Fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 00 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2?ic
Refined was firm. No. 6, 4.15c; No. T. 4.05c;
No 8 3.95c; No. 0, 3.90c; No. 10, 3.85o; No.
11 3.S0c; No. 12, 3.75c; No. 13, 3.75c; No. 14.
».75c; standard A, 4.50c; confectioners' A, 4.50c;
mold A. 5.05c; cut loaf, 5.20c: crushed. 5.20c;
powdered, 4.80c; granulated, 4.70c; cubes, 4.95c.
New York\Grain and Produce.
LONDON, ' May 3. — Consols, 05; silver,
23 5-lCd; French rentes, lOlf 12%c Wheat
cargoes on passage, firm. -but not active; car
goes No.' 1 Standard California. 30s 3d; cargoes
Walla Walla, 29s 9d; English country markets,
flrro. ¦
LIVERPOOL, May 3. — Wheat, steady: No. 1
Standard California. 6s 4%d@fs 5d: wheat in
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, steady: weather In England.- showery.
. COTTON— Uplands," 5 3-16d.
Foreign Markets.
PORTLAND, May 2.— Clearings, $510,160;
balances. $158,345. •
TACOMA, May 3.— Clearings, -$126,05fi; bal
ances, $15.6SS. ' .
SEATTLE. May 3.— Clearings, $426,241 ; bal
ances. $68,057. _ \
SPOKANE. May 3.— Clearings. $207,686; bal
ances, $32, 050.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, May 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertisers London financial cablegram .says:
There was a thin ., attendance on the floor, of
the exchange to-day and; th« amount of busi
ness transacted was .small. ..The' tone was 1
heavy en the break In Americans. There was
a listless awaiting of. New York developments/
with the small local 'selling counteracted by
New' York's scattered: buying. Canadian' Pa
cific dropped to 125?4^closin2r at 126%. -.
LONDON. May 3.— HOPS (Pacific Coast)—
Firm; £3 15e® £4 15s.'
London Market,
Local stocks and bonds fairly active.
Local bank clearings show the usual gain.
Silver and Sterling Exchange a fraction lower.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley futures higher.
Oats very firm. Corn zvell held. Rye dull.
No further change in Hay, Bran and Middlings.
Beans continue to rise under a shipping demand.
Potatoes and Vegetables steady and Onions firm.
Poultry and Game unchanged.
Strawberries firm. Oranges and Lemons dull.
Small lots of Cherries coming in daily\
Prunes showing more toyc in New York.
Provisions still quiet and unchanged.
Wool, Hops -and Hides as before.
No change in live or dressed Meats.
Northern ', Wheat Market. »
May i.— Wheat, nominal;
Walla Walla, 65%®.66c: Bluestem, 66%c.
NEW.", YORK." May 3.— As a rule , the local
metal' markets were steady :. but' '."quiet, "but
prices were unchanged. , AVith the-forelgn'mar
ket«closed there ' was " no special incentive to
do business here. Tin was quoted at $26 300
28 60 for spot. Copper was quoted at ?11@
11 30 for standard spot to- Aufrust: lake spot
at $11 75@12; electrolytic, $11 47%@11 65; cast
ing $11 37%@11 62%. : - .
Lead stood at 4%c and spelter at $4 42%. .
Iron was steady to firm,' but not active.
New :'¦ York -Metal Market.
Consols, money.94 13-16 NY Central...... 163%
Do. account.. 95 Norfolk & West.. 59
Anaconda 5% Do prefd ....... 91 %
Atchison 80% Ontario '& West.. 34
Do prefd : 100 Pennsylvania .... ; 78 '
Baltimore & O...109% Reading 32%
Canadian Pacific. .126% Do 1st prefd 43
Chesa & Ohio.... 45% Do 2d prefd.... 31 »4
Chicago Gt West. 27 Southern Railway 38%
Chic M & St P. .174 Do prefd... 98
Denver & R G 43% Southern Pacific..' «7U
Do pcefd 93% Union Pacific 104%'
Erie 78% Do prefd. ...... 90
Do 1st prefd 70% U S Steel...' 41%
Do 2d prefd 50 Do prefd . .. 92%
Illinois Central.. .156% Wabash". 26%
Louis & Nash. ..137% Do T>refd 44%
Mo Kans & Tex.. 2o%iSpanish 4s....... 78%
Do prefd 55%)
Bar silver dull, 23 5-lCd per ounce. Money,
'2®2% per cent. ., < .
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% percent. The. rate of dis
count in the ojien market for three months'
bills Is 2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Honey — _ |U S Steel......;. 41
Call loans....... 4 %tfi.".j Do prefd 97U
Time loans 4 @5 Westlnghs com.,.10S
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 103 Adventure 21Vi
Gas lets 87 Allouez . .' 3%
Mex Central 4s... 81 Amalgamated ... 65%
N E Gas & Coke. 55. Bingham 34%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.540
Atchison 78% Centennial ....... 38
Do prefd 97% Copper Range.... 5o%
Boston & Albany.2C2 Dominion Coal... 178
Boston & Maine.. 168 Franklin ........ 11
Boston Elevated..l€4% Isle Royale. ...... 13%
N Y N H & H...235 Mohawk 34%
Fltchburg pfd 146 Old Dominion... . 17U
Union Pacific 102% Osceola 62 "
Mexican Central.. 28% Parrot 24%
Miscellaneous — Quincy ......... .125
American Sugar.. 126'^ Santa Fe Copper. 2%
£>o prefd ,.118% Tamarack .......170 -
Amer Tel & Tel . . 179% Trinity ........... 12%
Dom Iron & Steel. 65% United States 120^4
General Electrlc.322 Utah - 22 '
Mass Electric 41% Victoria ..... 4^
N E Gas & Coke. 3% Wlnona ;... 11%
United Fruit 107% Wolverine 66%
United Copper... 34 ¦
Adams Con 20 Little Chief '.. 11
Alice 45 Ontario 8 15
Breece '. .. . 50 Ophir . ' 1 us
Brunswick Con.... 15'Phoenlx Ott
Comstcck Tun OWPotosl 23
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra .. 76; Sierra Nevada ..i\ 2ii
Horn. Silver 1 40 Ismail Hopes 4i>
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 35
Leadvllle Con 05i l ¦,-.:
MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 109%-L & N Unl 4s.. .102%
Do 2s coup 109%JMcx Cent 4s f 83
Do 3s reg 108% Do 1st Inc 33'
Do 3s coup lliS^llIinn & St L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg..l37">i M K & T 4s 101%
Do new 4s coup.137% Do 2ds 83V>
Do old 4s reg... Ill 14 N Y Central lsts.104%
Do old 4g coup.HHi Do gen 3%s 10Ji%
Do 5s reg 1O.">34 N J Cent gen 5s. .139%
Do 5s coup 1C5% Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s. . 103% Do 3s \.. .73%
Do adj 4s 94 N & W con 4s 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading Gen 4s.. 39%
Do 3%s 9C% S L. & I M con 5s.llC%
Do oonv 4s 1CS S L & S F 4s 09
Canada Sou 2<ls..lO» S L. SW lsts OS
Cent of Ga 5s....U0tf Do 2ds 84
Do 1st inc 80 S A & A Pass 4s. 91\J
Ches & O 4%s....lO8V. Southern Pac 4s...J)5J4
Chic & Alt 3><.s.. 84"/. Southern Ry 5s.. .123
C B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac lets. .121%
C M&St Pgen 4s..ll6»i Tol St L & W 4s. &3%
C & N con 7s 135 Union Pac 4s. ...105%
C R I & P 4s 112 Do conv 4s 100
CCC&St L gen 4s .104% Wabash lsts 117^.
Chic Ter 4s..'.... 89 Do 2ds Ill
Colo & Sou 4s 95% Do Deb B 76
D & R G 4s 104Va West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% \Vh JcL£4s 93%
Do Gen 4s. ..... 88 - Win Cent 4s 94
F W & D C lBts. . ll'/4 Cons Tob 4s. . WJV,
Hock Val 4%s 112 . "
! Total sales ....001,000
Iowa Central...... 1,200 46 45 4« ¦
Iowa Central pfd.. 100 85 84 f4
t> C 100 25% 25% . ¦- 25%
K C Southern pfd . 400 5S^i 68 57%
e Erie & West 200 b5y 4 6514 ' C5 -
L E A Western pfd .:... '..... ..... J25 '
Louis & Nashville. 10,200.137% 132%
Manhattan L 12,700 . 133 131% 133 .
Metropolitan St Ry 2,100 Io0% 150 150%
Mexican Central... 4,300 28% 27% . 28%
Mexican National.. 7,200 18% 16^ 18ii
Minn & St Louis.. 1,200 112 110 112
Missouri Pacific 14,200 89% ' 98«4 . 09%
Missouri K &. Tex '4U0 . 25% 25 25%
Mo - K&T pfd... 1,600 56% 55% 56%
nlZ i er ?fy, c «nt- 100 189 189 190
Norfoil°!?£ eDt --- ' *.300 159Vt 158 358%
2^ ario , & "Western. 2.900 S3% . *33^ 83%
St Louis & S F. . . . 700 . 68% 67 % 1 67»i
s! r , S / 2d P fd 500 73 72 ' T2%
!? f 0 " 18 Southwest 200 27*4 27% 27%
It pfuf 11 * 681 Ptd not 00 ™* *»¦¦ J ™
wabaEh pfd .. 6oo : 4 J iSu <¥££
W & LakeErie! .. aOO ,. f^ \\ * %{%
Adams ; n^:
American ioo 225** wi" ««>%
United States .... . Tia
Wells Fargo \ « O o
Miscellaneous— . """
Amalgam Copper . . 8,900 68 es 653;
Am Car & Foundry 600 30% 29«i SO-ii
Am Car & F pfd.. :500 my a S9 " 8»%
Am Linseed Oil... 200 25 25 25 '4
Am Lin Oil pfd m
Amer Ix)co 11,600 32% -vat" 32
Amer Loco pfd ... 9.200 92% IH 92
Am Smelt & Ref.. 1,100 44V t 43% 44%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 400 05% 1)5% 95 V»
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 i 11891 113 113
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 14.100 67% (53 6t5?:
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 12.400 103 • 99% 102V
Consolidated Gas .3.300 224% 221% 224V-
Con Tobacco pfd.. 400 119% Hi)' 119 "
General Electric .. 700 324 324 324 ¦
Hocking CCal 300 19% U>1J 191I
Inter Paper 200 21 21 ' 20
Inter Paper pfd 74.
Inter Power 600 02 85 90
Laclede Gas - S<)
National Biscuit .. :JCO 50 49 49«i
National Lead ... 1,100 10% IS',4 19
National Salt 20
National-Salt pfd «9?i
North American .. 1.100 125 123% 12«Ui
Pacific Ceast ' . (n%
Pacific Mall 100 41 41 41
People's Gas 200 104 103 103
Pressed Steel Car.. 1,000 44»; 44% 44%
Pressed S Car pfd. 300 84>/, 84% 84
Pullman Pal Car. 200 240 240 235
Republic Steel '2,200 18U 17 s ! IS
Republic Steel pfd. 900 7414 "•"*% 73%
Sugar 800 128 125% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iran. 4,000 «S5% 67 B8%
Union Bag & P Co. - 100 15»i 15M 15JK
U B A P Co pfd ..' 81%
U S Leather 2.200 1.1% 12?; 13 m
U S Leather pfd... 1,000 S4 M^ R-J.%
U S Rubber 100 1C,% ie% 16%
U S Rubber pfd... 200 59 5R% 5S%
US Steel 22,fi00 41% 40% 41%
U S Steel nfd 15.300 fll>i 00>i fil%
Western Union ,.. 2.200 91'/. 91 91%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK,' May 3.— Exports of specie from
this '¦ port " to all ¦ countries ¦ for this week ¦" ag-^
gregate 1 , $200,&46 Isllver and $6307 gold. , The
imports • of : specie ¦ tbis week were $3987, gold
and . $20, 70S ; silver. --.The imports of dry goods
and ' merchandise ' at . the port of New York
Tor- this week were. valued at $0,778,755." --
Exports' 'and' Imports.
ings of the Associated Banks show, an . increase
of -about- $21, 000,000.^. -It .'"appears probable/
that, . as . was i the case j in ; the previous • week,
th ; cash of. the banks .was | made I up on' rising
averages, " and .moreover j the : condition jj of •¦ the
institutions 'should I improve during the ' current
week ; by reason of the ¦ fact that treasury,: dis
bursements ¦• for ; interest .were ,; large on Friday
last and payments by-banks into; the Treasury,
on account of retiring circulation for May, and
for the return | of - public money, by | depository
banks, has - been • Important seems to be indi
cated by the fact that tne low deposits In all
banks were reduced «$1, 835,548 between April
28 and'May I, inclusive.; "A comparison of. the
deposits '. in j the { banks'. shows ; that Secretary
S.iaw did not ' succeed in • distributing the sur
plus during April to ths extent intended.'the
d posits of. public I money . increasing • in that
month t only ?2, 173,000." The Secretary will
probably make a strenuous ; effort to distribute
his surplus during . v* ils month, which may j be
more successful. . ' 7^ ; • . -. , >
opened steady at a decline of. 2@11 points and
closed feverish' and irregular, v -. ' . ,.' .' :
THE SAN -FRANGIISGP' CALL, SUNDi^,; MAY A, 1902:
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
EASTERN MARKETS.
35
¦ The commission merchants are packing ths
Butter as fast as it comes In, and as the dairy
men are ajso - packing liberally/ stocks are not
as j excessive ¦ as they have ', been, though they
are still large. ' The , Exchange advanced its
quotations %c all around, as follows: Cream
ery,^ 17%®18%c; : dairy. 18<f2>17&c;. store. , 15c.
Large orders for - Los Angeles have appeared
and arc helping the market considerably. They
are for. cold; storage account, v •.'""¦
i The . depression ' in • Cheese continues, stocks
being excessive. ; •¦--. .... ;
Eggs continue firm, and though those dealers
who have been storing . have • about ceased a
second group has entered the field and is buy
ing, for th~ same account, thue keeping the cold
utorage ball rolling-. There will be enough in
storage after a while, according , to all indi
cations.' ' Spot : stocks t are lighter ' and ' receipts
haye ,-' also ¦ decreased .; during the week. ' ' Th*
tendency ¦ of (the market is upward. ' *
:¦ Receipts were. 47.600 pounds and '133 tubs -of
Butter, .1308 cases of Eggs,? — — cases of.East
ern .Eggs. 11,300 pounds . of California Cheese
and. 30.000. pounds of Eastern Cheese.'.- • '¦-'.
r [ BUTTER— Creamery, ' 19@20c per pound for
fancy. -lSSlS'/aC' for firsts and >17}£e for iec-
onds; dairy, 16@13c; store Butter. 14215c per
pound. - •' i «^|tfTOM*yM6Bjpwyp*P*CMJgWaBM
CHEKSE— New, 9@10c; old. 0@Uc; Young
America. 8310c; Eastern. 1;>®15c per pound.
" EGGS — Ranch. lS@18>,ic for fancy and 163
17%c for fair to gcod; store, 14&@15c per
dozen.
About 325 chests of Strawberries wer« re
ceived, r'and as they were mostly in good con
dition the quotations were easily obtained.
Malindas in crates stood the same, 263 crates
being received. • The first Strawberries .. from
Florin appeared. Six crates came in and were
offered at I'J per crate, but as they came In
too late for the regular morning trade no sales
were made. .. '• .- . »•'.-. .
- Oranges continued dull,' owing to the competi
tion of Berries. The quotations were un
changed. Small . sizes moved off fairly, but
large sizes were not wanted. , Five or six cars
will- be auctioned to-morrowv
There is no demand for Lemons and supplies
of all grades are plentiful.
¦ Two boxes of " White Cherries came, in from
Vacavllle. one of which sold ¦ for $1 and the*
other for $1 50 per box. Red Cherries from.' the
river sold for-$2..two boxes being received..
STRAWBERRIES — Longwortha. $S@12 per
chest: Malindas, $4@3- per chest and $1®1 so
per > crate.' ¦ ¦ ' '• . .•¦¦'-•
- APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
61 75 far good to choice and 60c<S$l : for or
dinary: fancy from Australia.' $2 50 per box.' -
. CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard. $1@2 25 for choice and $2 25@a
for fancy: extra fancy.; $3 25@3 40: Seedlings.
91 25®C: Mediterranean Sweets. $182 50;. Va-
Continued on Page ..Thirty-Wine.
fa •
t3 ' "Can ye not discern the signs of the fl
M times?"— Matthew xvi :3. •- - 11
M The . development of the "rich Pacific H
ri Northwest | will yield dollars for the In- -3
Q| vestment of cents; thousands for the in- 9
M restment of hundreds. J
TACOMAI
|c()mpanyJ
fl Organized under the laws of the State g
FA at Washington. x K
8 CAPITAL $25,000,000 Q
fa Set aside for properties.. 5.000,000 shares H
fl Treasury stock 20.000,000 shares S
Q Total 25,000.000 sharea ¦
H Par Value of Shares. One Dollar, Fully M
Frj| Paid, >'oa-Aiscssable and Wiinout gj
Liability to Holder. H
H OFFICERS: M
« PresMent. HENRY HEWITT JE. i f
H Vice-Presldent. A. J. HAYWAKD. §|
m Secretary. EDWARD HOLTON JAME?. |
M Trpasru^r, W. E. BLIVEN. !
M Chief Engineer. GEN. J. D. M'INTYRE. \
H • Counsel, THOMAS CARROLL. \
3 References— Dun's, Bradstreet's or any §3
\\ Bank in Taeoma. 4
H COAL AND IROK. fj
Si The production of coal and Iron measures S
S3 the growth of modern civilization every- j
EH where. It Is easy to predict the future of \
H 4 conntry rich In the two minerals, which 1
Kj stand for energy and strength. The great |
|1 Northwest has leaped Ioto prominence as j 1
M the home of the precious metals, so called. I
ja The crowds bare passed unnoticed the tlm- I
H bered areas, tbe vast coal measure* and H
1 Iron- di>pofits of Washington and British j I
1 Columbia for the glittering but elusive j
: prizes locked in the Ice and scow ot far- £*
' away Nome and the Klondike. j
3 AIMS OF THE COMPANY. «
j The wants of this growing conntry are
• the opportunity of the Tacoma Company. *
i Its plans look to nothing leis than meeting %
| ra the Western demand for iron and ateel. 9 i
The total consumption of iron on the 5
j Pacific Coast already amounts to over 3000 S
H tons daily. Let us ask what the demand 1
H will b" nve years hence when the pepa- *
m la t ion is more tban doubled* and tbe com- . S
B merce o* the Pacific ours. At the present i
|i time tbe freight charges on iron from tne 3
H East, the source of all of ocr supplies. Is rj
M $10 to $1S p»r ton. This single item mean* 9
H a clear, additional gain on every ton that jg|
Fl tbe company will manufacture. '
H COAL AND COKE. IRON AND STEEL. M
N The work planned for tbe Taeoma Com- fj
H pany may be stated In a llne:-It will bring E
Bj together at a point on Puget sound already 1
M selected the coal and Iron found abundant- S
S3 ly on Its properties. It will mine coal; but S
JW marketing coal is not tbe end of the cans- &
fej pany's business. Its abundant coal sup- i
H plies will be turned into cuke; but neither a
M Is tfec manufacture and sale of coke tbe I
n end sought. Tat- coke is one step, and only §
1-3 one. In the procesa of manufacturing flu- f
tM lahPd iron product*. On the one hand we ',
IB control a balf -dozen great coal fields, rar- i
H tying limitless quantities of the beat cok- jj
HH lnsr coal and located within thirty-live 1
A miles of tide water. And we are la close «
B touch with tbe railroad companies, which i
M Insures the lowest transportation rates. '¦
uA Our Iron mines are so fortunately situated I
Eg tbat their products will be carried In
M chutes to tbe bargp« which convey them to 1
fa the company's works. Railroads can never * j
M bleed us . with excessive charges. Our M
M ores and the reduction works are both it
f\ located on tide water, and we shall own ?J
B tbe ahtps which ccnvey the ore to th« 8
Kj place of treatment. Our coal properties, . mt
Sj again, are so near the company's works SI
B thnt n ahort and inexpensive electric line ?i
H will furnish our own transportation from £9
N| mine to tide water ahould the necessity S
S] for it arise. Jl
" FINISHED PRODUCTS THE AIM. il
M We have already ore In praetieally limit- y
g less quantltlea. Tbe ore, besides belas ij
9 ef the hishost grade. Is self-contained, so 9
M far as tbe operations of the furnaces are H
fl M>ncprned. .- It contains only traces of 3|
pl'snlphnr and Is free from titanium. By [»
H the addition of a small quantity of bema- vj
g| tic. found abundantly npon the holdiu?* £|
H of tbe company, this ore is self -fluxing, and >J
H le quality of the iron thus produced is gj
h pronounced by expert authorities equal to *1
ra tbe best Swedish. We shall <!onbtlf»ss 3
Kg sell pig Iron, but this, no more than the J
n tale of coal and coke. Is the goal of th# j
fa great enterprise we are inaugurating. The j |
13 pig lion win go to the markets of the
M «rorld in. tbe shape of rails and bars and .
f-i trusses, and all the multifarious forms in .
fca whicb iron Is dpm&nded in modern life. - !
a MAGNITUDE OF THE PLANS. I
Hi The Mining Rrcord for April says: "The 3
M creat scope and importance of the Taeoma '
g Company require careful study to be even !
n partially appreciated. The magnitude of I
P the plaus, fast materialixlng. is bewilder- s
m ing to the ordinary. lndlriduAl. being eom- &1
W preherxsible only by those who bare teen vl
Es similar great metallurgical Industries ear- |jj
m rl«"d to successful issue. g|
5*! "Since the formation of the company ¥3
g tbe securing, through lease and purchase, n
gl rj them of valuable and extensive coal, . jH
j3 copper and iron properties has be^n of al- JM
\A most weekly ccnrrencc. Tbcir last two S
H purchases of iron properties in British M
Bj Columbia ar? valued by the company at *i
M $1,000,000 each, although not costing thom Q
any such figure. At the present momrnt fa
M It may be safely asserted tbat the Tacntna 12
».l Company owns the largest Iron depuvita W
iS and most extensive coal fields ou the
H Coast, in addition to valuable producing «
, S popper properties. By conservative eatl- B
s mate 1 their mineral holdings are wort!) H
; S fully -W.OOO.OOO. ¦ - Sj
"The plans of the company contemplate E3
i tbe erection at Tacoma of coke ovens, blast ,1
I furnaces, rolling mills, a tinnlate factory I
£ and other allied industrial plants. With I
'j such objects In view this groat steel and I
s coke company has secured a very advan- *
JS tsgeous site of ,1200 acre*, en deep water, %
J3 near Tacoma. . and on tbe Nothern Pacific 1
tl Railroad. Th«y will first erect 1C0 coke E
N ovens and construct an initial blast fur- g
fcj nac<- having a daily capacity of SCO toss. E
q tn be followed later by the blowing in ¦
l£ of additional furnaces and multiplication &i
RJ ef coke ovens, erection of rolling mills, H
15 tluplate factory, etc."
W PRICES AND TERMS. S
K| The Tacoraa Company has steadily ad- gj
m vaared the price of its ahares the past six ja
fg weeks -from Sc. to the present price of m
M 15r. Shares are sold on the Installment m
Eg plan at 18c., la equal monthly payments, at
p PRICES AGAIN ADVANCE. '$
. I The following telegram explains itself: M
I TACOMA (Wash.). Msy 2. 1902. §
E American Guaranty and Trust Co., San fl
I • Francisco: ii
1 Tacoma Company prices after May lOtb, 19
I 20c. cash. 24c. installment. M
E (Signed) THE TACOMA COMPANT. U
K The prospectus, which we will supply B
H an request, lit a mine of Information in-M
a Uself and wide-awake people enjoy read- H
¦ The American Guaranty I
|~ and Trust Co., I
1 820-821-82^823 Haprard Ml&lng. 1
WB "Can ye not discern the signs of the H
gg times ?"— 7XTi:3.'. . SI
E Tbs development - of tho rioh Pacific S
|S KorthwMt will yield dollars for the in- H
B Tectment of cents; thousands for tha'in- h
'M vestment of hundreds. - . / . < ¦
I ALASkpENTRAt I
'[RAILWAY COMPANY'!'
m Organized Under the » H
M Laws of the Stste of Washington. Ej
i CAPITAL;........,......... $30,000,000 i
l&^ftfliS^'fTiffir 1^* 1 - 1
H Common Stock.... -..-..;..; 56O.CCO Shares B
m Five per ca&t preferred itock ki
M ;• 80,000 'Snares H
B iW^lr l * rpo »« of *"» Company u to build S
a *n AU-Ameriean - aailrojtd, about 600 H
S Z ll Z.J? Sth ' , fcwa aeoarrection Ba^ i
J % 2SSS^22ffv» «r rich " t »•* 1
M ¦ OFTICSKS: H
,K G. W. Dickinson, President and General B
I Manager; John H. McGr«w, Vice-Piesl- 6
1 t M: J T ob n E. B>»»ine. Secretary end An- B
I Peck. Chief Locating Engineer; C. M. An- U
1 n * "'¦ hief EK «k>eer; George Turaer, H
f| General Counsel.- ¦ ¦
' H ?>, Th !i" cb * ta 5 t1 " 1 ch "«rter of the m*h in g
'¦'H Alaeka Central Railway is tho best- H
Ri ffuaranteo of its auccess. N
¦1 * Th fJ are men ot th « "rtetest integrity. M
» of wide experience and are Intrusted with ¦
H PT^f* 7 lntere »ts valued In the millions B
In of oollar?. "N
W r. T?' y haTe onranized'tbe Alaska Central H
; I Railway Cranpanv berauxe «>ndltlonii de H
• a mandtha building of tbe road and the m
I E earnings a«*nr;> laree rcwnidx M
IB ». LOW CAPITALIZATION. K
1 9 r*J Company in capltalU«l at $30,000,- £3
i B 000. or abemt $40,000 per lalle. THat Is a M
I conservative capitalization. It Is less than |1
X the capitalization of many of tbe railway fa
a companies in thf United States. ||
I There are COO.OOO «aare», of a par value Q
{ I of $50 per share. ¦ . M
: I Of these eoo.OOO chares bfl.OOO ara pr#- 1
'.Kb fem»d at 6 p»r c»-nt par valn<». That Is I
; p to eay, the earnings of the road will go to |
H the payment of at least 5 p»r eent dlvi- I
g dends oa the par vnlue of SO.00O pr*fcrr«! I
ES shares before any is applied to dividends (¦
, E on the 550,000 of common stock. Bj
\fS, Thft directors have set sside the pre- P
Kg ferred atodt at a low figure for public sub- /
K scrlptlon. I
» The proceeds will be used solely for the I
B actual tmildlnz of as much as possible of |
hJ the road and the purchase cf rolling stock a
E and equlpm?nt. w|
E ' When construction has progressed tn the Kj
H completion of the first fire or ten miles, a
WL every cent nwMsary for tbe completion of a
B tbe remaining distance will then' be avail- |
B able on long-term bonds at a low rate of ID
I l&terctt. n
1 EAULT DIVIDENDS ON "PREFERP.ED" I
B It is the honest conviction of the officers M
fc and directors that dividend* on the prp- m
B forrcd stock will be earned from the time fl
it tbe first twenty miles are br.ilt. tPi
a Tbe prefprrpd at«ck should, therefore, H
m quickly go to par and above. There is n» H
KB valid reason why the Alaska Ontral should a
Bj not be a better dividend enmer when It H
EjJ enters tbe Mount McKlnley district. 122 M
19 miles Inland, than the Whit" Pasa and Tn K
m ken la to-day, with Its stock $400 abov« par. m
ta Tbe permanent resources tributary to ES
El tbe Alaska Centrcl arc so far superior tu BJ
W the rrsources tributary to the White Pasa tS
M and Yukon tbat comparison is oat cf tbe m
M question. H
Ej The stock ofrervd for public subsrrlptlon ffl
63 1» the 5 p<>r cent preferred, limited to r>0,000 N
Gg shares, thus conferring upon the *nb3crib- jj
IS era erery advantage and protection possible. Eg
f£ AN ALL-AMERICAN RAILWAY. H
H The purchaser* of tbis preferred stock B
CJ not only make a safe, sound Investment B
B tbat will enhance many fold within the sj
H next year over the price tuoted to them, Ej
J but will render a patriotic service by aid- B
3 ing tbe constriction of an all-American S
1 railway through the best of Alaska— owned fa
f and operated by Americans alone. Jij
3 It Is tbe aim and object of the officprs E
G and directors. of the Alaska Central Ran- i
1 way to push work from th» start and have
I part of the track flnlsbed this year.
3 SURVEYORS IN THE FIELD. i
1 (Telegram.) J
I "SEATTLE, May 2, 1002. - American !
. h Guaranty and Trust Co.. San Francisco: |
n First party of surveyors for Alaska C«n- ¦
9 tral permanent survey leaven on steamer Eg
n Humboldt to-morrow. a
g "<Slgned> J. E. BALLAIXE. Sec'y." ' |
9 Four surveying parties will be sent out H
9 tbls summer to make the permanent stir- KJ
/ 3 vey on the route of thf temporary survey, pi
3 . Erery eneVgy within the limits of humaa S3
a endeavor will be exerted to the completion B
w of the entire road from Redirection bay to H
'N F.ampart without Interruption of any kind. M
' 'H Tbe hl?b standing and business ability M
'Ef °' the officers and directors (if the Alaska jjg
t|9' Centrtl Railway guarantee that every cent H
,H will be honestly expended for the promo- gj
\M tlon of the company's best interests and to H
;H the - greatest advantage of every stock- B
:M holder. '..,—'¦ .: IM
'ffl ¦ PEICE OS SHAKES. |j
'fc3 Only 10,000 shares of thU stock aw al- k
m lotted to California. While tbe right Is jH
Jn reserved to advance the price without no* f|
8 tlce, the following quotation* will hold for &J
|j a few days: ¦'».;¦••'!' : gj
H CASH, PEK SHABE. |5 00 g
• m. ik roxra equal monthlt pat- > •• u
M MENTS ; H
Pi Prospectus giTlog full information lg
H mailed to any address on application to Bj
U the selling agents. • t|
1 Tbe American Guaranty & Trust Co. |
bL 821 to 883 Ha-yward Building, Bj
\i BAN - raAMCISCO. J^
ADVEBTISEMENTSTHE SX^ FRANCISCO CALI,, SUNDAY, MAY 4, 1902.
36
SUNDAY"- LECTURE.
WALTER THOMAS' MILLS speaks Sunday. 2
p. m. Metropolitan Temple; subject "Classes
at Home and Castes In the Orient: or, Class-
ep Which Struggle and Classes Which Don't."
Music by Professor Schoen and the Frank
Urown Ladles' Orchestra. Admission free.
' MEET1KU NOTICES. ¦
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222.- I. O. O. ' <^BB»>,
F. — An open meeting TO-MOR- -§i3rLJ3s«£
ROW (MONDAY) EVENING. ~^%5*fJs£
Entertainment and dancing. ¦ ¦ '«»«
C. L. Z1EGLER, N. G-
T'OODMEN of the World, ' ,-j-— '— — g|
<?oiden (Jato Camp No. l
I 'M — Membf-rs are hereby f^^^S^V^MJfK
\ notified to attend the fu- £_T-^£*22a6l2/
I neral of our late neigh- '¦¦^"¦•""¦^^
1 bor. THOMAS F. MAN-
1 GAN, from his late residence. 12 Ford st.,
! .SUNDAY. May 4. at 1 o'clock p. m.
; r THOS. J. BARRY. Consul Commander.
' D. OLIVER JR., Clerk. ,
1 AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent wJV-*
; Association will hold its 24th annual Qj^S
excursion at Fernbrook Park. Xiles
i Canyon. SUNDAY. May 4. Various
< games and prizes will be srlven. A V ; ,*r : -
1 good time Is assured to all.
THE COMMITTEE.
1 : — 7-
| CALIFORNIA Harbor No. 15." W^"
; American Association of •Ksr y &&ttgrm*^_
¦ Masters and Pilots— Officers J5a!5/^S^^
; and members are hereby re- m&^^^
yuested to attend the regu- IT"
! Iar meeting of the Harbor on MONDAY
EVENING, May 5, as business of Importance
will be acted on. i
R. N. PIPPEY, Secretary.
; W. M. RANDALL. Captain. ,
CALEDONIAN Club's thirty-sixth . «fv
grand annual gathering- and games 3u £*vJ3
at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, %X&C
May 30, 1002.. • < '*>«*
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.'
J. H. DUNCAN. Secy. • .'¦ - - '
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam ot the
Golden Needle mine In Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever, In the Castello mine, at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to deposit tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice that a meeting 1
will be held at room 94, Flood building, San '
Francisco, Cal., on May 19, 1902, at 1:30
p. m. — -
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the stockholder.! of the United Crude Oil
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company, 41S Parrott building. In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
HERMETIC Brotherhood: open meeting Thurs-
day evening. 8 o'clock 509 Van Ness ave.
AGENTS .WASTED,
AGENTS everywhere; write for greatest money,
making proposition ever offered; no expe-
rience- required; success assured; promotion
for good workers. C. C. Keenbell Co.. Phlla.
AGENTS, dealers — Newest, easiest, quickest
sellers; sample package and catalogue 10c.
B. F. PIERCE. 1420 W. Monroe. Chicago.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or Insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
AGENTS wanted. by manufacturing company
in this city: a proposition to right party:
men or women. Apply at 346 McAllister st.
AGENTS wanted Monday morning at 12S7
Mission st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
teg-es, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
co advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck;qulet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 850 Market ft., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
¦ all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket rt. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIICVCLKS — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some swel! bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market fit.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of. song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pei stock.
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet.8th&9th.
ROBISON'S BIRD STORE— .
335 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD. ~~
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BOOKS, new and old, bought, sold and ex-
changed W. L. PAXSON. 22 Seventh st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
43-ROOM hotel; country town; lot 137x179;
building Is large; rooms are light and sunny:
electric light; running water; good bar and
bar trade; good patronage of summer board-
ers; property Is desirable and offered at a
sacrifice; building and furnishings reduced to
$10,000; will accept a good saloon In S. F.,
value from $1000 to $1500. in part payment.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Phrne Mint 1911. - -
$350 — BUTCHER business doing $28 a day.
Including 3 horses, harness, 2 wagons, tools,
block, etc.; party selling wishes to retire.
¥2000 — Hotel of 12 rooms, bar. etc.; lot
f>0xl30; good well; street work complete; lo-
cation central.
$4250 — Range of 4 stores; all rented; bring-
ing in $55 per month; on Main Et. and good
location. . . •
D. A.- WENTWORTH, West Berkeley.
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
FIRSTrCLASS country hotel; must be. sold on
account of sickness; price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this is a' chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suit;
full Investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S. 765
Market Bt. . . •
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundrieF. ealoons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale:' also
city and country real estate for sale .or
exchange. Call or write for' our free , list.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St., room 208.
THE Inventor of a new and rapid • process of
separating gold from dry. places, without the
ut* of water, desires to interest some one
with capital in order to place the same on
the market; Its value can be seen at once
by any practical man. TOMLIXSON & CO.,
105 Ellis mt.. room 10.
DRUG store: cause of sale, partners disagree;
established 20 years: prescriptions over 77.-
000: mark Invoice $3500; sacrifice for $1800.
MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery, room 4.
$5000 STOCK ladies' furnishing goods; will
eell or trade for ranch or house and lot,*clty
or Oakland. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Mont'gy.
$7r.(WPARTJfER wanted to look after plain ac-
counts and do collecting In a flne carpenter
and contracting business; established for .12
;-«-are; clearing $300 per month: no previous
'xptrience required ; this is 'genuine. KEN-
XY. 75 Third st.
HOTEL 27 rooms, • completely furnished . and
property In one of the best business, towns,
20 miles from city: will clear $250 per month;
price $5000; terms to cult. Particulars I. C.
SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st
$400 — LADY, wants gentleman partner in' light
manufacturing wholesale and retail business,
his duty to attend store and make himself
generally useful; , good chance , to _sultable
party; no experience necessary;' particulars
see P. 8. DE LUCA. 318 Kearny st. • .:' > '.
$3000 — WANTED, partner In legitimate enter-
prise: ¦ profits within a year not ¦ less than
$20,000; • investigate without -expense. . Ap-
ply to ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
A— *150; PARTNER wanted;, suited to plain,
steady young man satisfied with $15 to $20
a week: no previous experience required;
t-hort hours. 25 Geary St.. _ room 1.
A:— SO CIGAR stands: prices/ $75 to $2000; rents
$<> to $125 monthly: profits, , $2 to $7 dally.
HEDGES. 461-462. Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
FOR sale or exchange— Valuable patent for U.
S. : an article for household : ' will ' make you
Independent. Address box 1732.- Call; office. -
ARLINGTON Hotel dining-room to | rent; now
running to fair-trade; rent taken in board.
Ninth and Washington sts.. Oakland.
FOR Fale— Well-equipped vibration Institute-
electric quilt- 3 vibrators; hair, scalp busi-
ness; furniture. 908 Washington St.. Oakland.
PARTNER with $300 to publish race form
Bheet; original idea; profits $300 month. Box
1735, Call office.. ,- .. - • .
$700 — VARIETY store: fixtures for sale and to
.let: rent ?25. Apply 353 Fifth St. — ¦
PAYING American^ fruit store; -very cheap:
trial glvon. Call'at 146 Fifth st.
FOR sale— Cigar and stationery store; account
death. Box 803. Call office.
GCOD opening for racket store at Wllllts Ad-
¦ dreiu A. J. BLEDSOE.' Uklah, . Cal. .:
GROCERY and bar for. sale. Inquire at Flr«t
. and Minna sts.. GEORGE NISSEN.\
RESTAURANT for sale; living rooms complete-
bo .trifiers.: 136 Second st,. . <•„•. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ;'
"V HBLP." WASTEb-^FEMAlE-^-Coii.'''. ;
AT C R." HANSEN &: CO /sH".":.\429 Bush's^
.'.'..:...> HOTEL DEPARTMENT.'. .......
20 waitresses and chambermaids to wait.
• • resorts .-. . . ..'...;. .:.-. :'? ¦S?T7;""iZ Z I $20, ' $25
20 waitresses, city, country and : springs
¦ . hotels "... -. $20-»25
•'; Head waitress, city hotel. ; . . .' '. . .£M>
Cook, summer resort ..*. :..:.. $40
.; V Laundress,, same place, fare one- way-... £50
;2 -waitresses, same. country hotel. ... .'.'.. .*20
• t 1 Waitress. Bakersfleld ;..•...'...'..... . . J25
Chamhennald. city .V. .'.. .* IS
'........ FAMILY DEPARTMENT - . . . ."
Houseglrl. nice place. Martinez, $20; house-
girl.ycholce place, Oakland,. $20; cook and
second girl,, Oakland. $35 and: $25; ranch
'. cook, $25, - fare paid, short distance ; and we
have numerous nice, places ! for ' houseglrls,
second girls, nurse girls, city . and counto',
, - highest wages paid, too numerous ' to itemize
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ......429 Bush st.
- (Opposite California Hotel.)
LAEIES why work hard all rtay for some one
else when you can work for us in your own
: home, making $10 to $12 a week? We. teach
you ¦= the business free and buy the ' product.
Torchon Kace Co.. 43. The Metropole, 6 Turk.
WANTED— Ladle3 ".neckwear maker for retail
: " t Ancy : goods store; good rsalary and perma-
nent position; none but nrst-class need apply.
:. .Address, box -1717. Call office. ¦-¦¦¦?-
EXPERIENCED i operators - on muslin ¦ under-
wear; also learners paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS. B97 Mission St., cor. 2d. r
AN ¦¦ experienced t nurseglrl. "light second work.
$15 a month: not over 30 years. Apply 2J3
i .Third ave., -Sutter-sf cars. --..'¦ ' ¦ ¦: .¦>'.-
SALESLADIES wanted for Saturdays. GREEN-
BERG & GREENBERG. 31-33-35-37 Grant
ave., 'corner Geary st. ¦'•:•'¦•' '¦ } ¦
9 ' MIDDLE-AGED ladles wanted ' to Introduce
medical appliance; good nurses preferred ;
< splendid pay. Box 4272, Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced ribbon salesladies.
Apply Monday morning to Superintendent of
Emporium. * .
WANTED— By . widower; - housekeeper to care
for two small boys; no cooking; wages $10.
Box 393. Petaluma. Cal. • .
LADIES, copy letters home; $4 to $6 weekly;
send stamped envelope. Atlas Novelty Co.,
Dept. 114, Chicago.
MACHINE ' operators on waists and wrappers;
best pay. Call to-day, 2700 Mission St., cor-
ner Twenty-third. -..'"-..
YOUNG girl assist light housework: hours 8-5.
Sunday and Monday. 10-1 o'clock. 133 Noe st.
EXPERIENCED ironer. 656 Mission St., third
floor.
NEAT, girl for general housework and cooking;
3 in family. 3529 Washington st.
GIRL .to care for two children; wages S12;
sleep home. 300 Baker st. ' . -
GIRL j for general housework. ( Apply between
11 and 12 o'clock. 930 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED box maker and apprentices!
Stuparich Mfg. Co.; 147 Fremont st.
EXPERIENCED hands on. children's dresses.
220 Sutter St., room 25.
FINISHERS and operators on pants. Ml Mar-
ket st., upstairs.
WANTED — A flrst-class talloress on flne coats.'
929 Filbert st. .
A COMMERCIAL traveler at once. Box 1622.
Call office. ' ..
WANTED — Lady . piano player; call to-day.
MOORE, 597 Ellis at. .-. ' . .,'.,-
WOMAN or man I for dishwashing or kitchen
work by the day. • 3204 Fulton st.
TAILORESS, first class, on flne coats; good
operator; best wages; permanent. 48S Geary.
GIRL for general housework. Call at 7 Chen-
ery.st., off . Thirtieth. ¦ *
PANTS finishers; good pay. Royal Pants Co.,
223 • Kearny st. • . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '
WANTED— Young girl. 15 or . 16 years ; light
. housework and help In bakery. 535 Castro st.
WANTED— Waitress; $15 and found. 2021
Folsom- st.
HANDS wanted on ladles' overskirts to take
work home.. 656 Mission st., third floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts to work In
factory: good pay. 656 Mission st.. 3d floor.
GIRL for light housework and assist with in-
fant. 1008 Fillmore st.
GIRL I for general housework . and - assist In
bakery; German preferred.. 3116 Sixteenth st.
IF you wish to marry desirable gentlemen call
or write Mrs. Hertz, 706 Ellis st. ; no charges.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
EXPERIENCED operator on gent's custom,
- and stock shirts. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. Call
1317 Caroline St., Alameda. . ;
LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion; good opportunity for right party.
F. FERSON. room 412. Parrott building.
GIRLS ABOUT 1« TEARS OP AGE WIU*
FIND PLENTT OF GOOD-PATINQ "WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
' ST.; MR. DAVIS."""
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdresslng, mani-
curing, mas3age and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 60; 3 posi-
tions waiting; private customers .assure $30
to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College. 233 Geary St.. room* 13-13. '. •:
OPERATORS and - girls to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove its.
Hair-dressing, I massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc. ; 2 wks..$5. CoUege.1236
Market, rm. 94: anlendld position; day. era.
PANTS operators wanted by S.. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS. finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Experienced r hlrtmakers. EAG-
LE SON & CO.. 535 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Bt. '
HELP WANTED JIALE.
A— MURRAY & READY..... Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
.I..... SPECIAL TO-DAY. SUNDAY
To-day ......... Sunday
....Office Oren 8 a. m. to 12 m. to-day....
-We ShlD R. R. Men — Free Fare.. >
Nevada.. ..Santa Fe ...... ....8.. L. D.
Carload of teamsters, Nevada Free
Carload of rockmen, . Nevada ....Free
- 600 laborers. Nevada...... ; Fre»
.......... Ship .Twice Dally ; '.
Wages ?2, $2 25. $2 60 and $3 day.
Santa Fe Co.'s own work...... Free pass
100 laborers on all divisions of Santa Fe
: Co.'s" own work, section, steel, ballast and
extra gangs Free fare
Ship R.' R. Men To-day (Sunday).
350 laborers, no experience .required, all
classes of - work, city and country. $1 75 to
$2.50 day; 63 . farm. ¦ orchard and vineyard
hands, $26 to $35; 57 ; carpenters, black-
smiths' helpers, ' etc.
Thousands of positions on our bulletin
boards; call down and read them: if you want
work we can place you ; call down and see
us to-day, Sunday. .MURRAY & READY, 1
A — SPECIAL; man and wife for mining com-
pany; woman to cook, man do laboring work-
$75 and fd. : see boss at our office to-dav'
Sunday. 10 a.m. .MURRAY & READY 6341
63C.Clay at. ' .. ' ,. . '- *
A I ... . .TO-DAY. SUNDAY... "
........ .'...TO-DAY. SUNDAY. . . *;*"*" :: "-*•
At C. R. HANSEN. &CO.'S:... 429 Bush'st*
V. . : ... . .New Railroad Work. .
. .. ...FOR NEVADA ""¦- "*
2000 teamsters and laborers..$2 to $2 25 "a day
¦ 100 concrete laborers.... . j? w , 5.
........FOR CHATSWORTH PARK *
' 500 tunnel .men, machine men. drillers" Vnd
muckers ............:.'.:..... $2 to S3 » 5=2
600 outside laborers...;:.-... Si 7K » S y
: . . FOR CALIFORNiA. . ™ * d8y
...-..:. ... Railroad. Work :; ••••••••
10 machine drillers.';.'... .'.•..-.- • 'i'3'V'J''
3 foremen for machine drilling "* *.aay
. . . . . ... .... .V SHIP TO-DAY vV.V" " " " "
Free Fare. :... ."..Free Fare...... Fvll'i-".""
C.vR. HANSEN & CO.... .'.... l^fg^Tg
WANTED-^-An errand or - young stenn»«i«»..I
for t thl* B of flce. ? J. jr: CROSETT 8^^^
SOLICITORS wanted— I paid one of mv «.,.„."
: one day last week $21 50. another o^e *fiP£-
another $12 25.' wTilch = representednhe L '
missions they received for work -which £~
cupied less than six hours' time Hln eSh «^T'
My work can be done, by either sex^an^l
cupy. all or only a part of v«mh- tf^V,
;-wlsh,;and isa klnd P of^rkwhlch wllfp^
,. vide you a comfortable living and give y^
a chance to save some , money every month
as long as you live.- The occupatlo7ls thor-
¦'¦ oughly honorable and legitimate AiMr?«
for full particulars free, grjfwt4
. Key 104.. Fort Wayne. Ind?/ Y^iiowfhive
to let : anyone. know, you are my agent and
you -won't need any capital, outfit or pre-
.vious", experience. . .. u^iut or pre
ANY energetic man can make money dlstrtbut-
ing samples of merchandise, circulars etc
. We secure advertising matter for distribution
- In e^- S " and ™£t men
¦ to do- the work.-. Good ;pay:* . Horn •' Ailv*
. . * Assn.. 1193 • Broadway, New York. "¦
WANTED— A 'young ,; maa- for ; , bookkeeping:
:.% must ". have ¦-. had. experience. • write a good
hand, accurate at figures and be able to fur-
's : ,nl8h good references. v Address, stating refer-
ences and salary exported. ". box 1916. Call.
SAN FRAXCISCO CALL. -"
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market «nd Third ttreetB; open
Until 12 o'clock every night tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— «27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. in.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
"2261 Market etreet.' corner Sixteenth: open
cntil 9 p. tn.
106 Eleventh Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Keo-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
22O0 Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
CHIRCU SERVICES. --^'^
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason sts. — Kev George C. Adams. L>.
D.. pastor. At 11 h. m. L>r. W. S. Ament
of China whl speak. At 7:45 p. m.. addresses
by Colonel George French and Mrs.
on the '-Work ot tne Salvation Army. All
are cordially Invited. '
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Pott et.,
near WebEter— Ke- K. li. Chenngton. D. D..
pastor. At 11 a. m.. subject. "Practical
Character of Christ's Religion." At 1 :1.>
p. m. to 8 o'clock, vesper service, consisting
of song service, responsive reading and short
address, subject, "Blessedness of Unselfish-
ness." Sunday school, X):'M a. m. ; Morris
Marcus, superintendent.
PARK Congregational Church, 1649 Hayes «-t_.
near Central ave. — Professor It. K. Lloyl will
preach morning and evening. At 11 a. m.,
subiect, "Sitting With Sinners." Offertory
by Harry L. Taylor. Evening, violin obll-
gkto by Miss Edith L. Moore. Rev. William
itader will deliver his interesting and elo-
quent lecture. "Uncle Sam. or the Reign of
the Common People." at the church on
Thursday evening. May 8.
RICHMOND Congreational Church, corner of
Seventh ave. and Clement et. — Pastor. Rev.
Pliilip Coombe; residence, 3-415 Jackson et..
telephone Jackson 1941. Sermon themes, 11
a. m.. "The Children and the State." At
7:45 p. m., "Sectarianism and Religious^ De-
clension." Sunday school, 5J:45 a. m. ; <". E.
Society. 5:45 p. m. Seats free. A cordial
welcome for every one.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner of Van
Ness ave. and Sacramento st. — Rev. William .
Kirk CJuthrie. minister. Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. In the morning the fifty-
third anniversary of the Sunday school will
be held. Exercise* by the children and spe- 1
rial music. The address will be delivered by |
Mr. Bcauchamp of the China Inland Mission. |
In the evening Major Cousins of the t-alva-
tion Army will sijeak. Christian Endeavor
at 0:."0 p. m. Wednesday evening grayer
meeting at Si o'clock. All are cordially in-
vtted.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, California
and Octavia streets — Rev. John Hemphill.
D. " D.. pastor. Rev. George G. Eldredge. '¦
arsoelate pastor. Morning service at 11 and
evening service at 7 :30. Mr. Eldredgre will
preach at both services. Morning Sabbath '
school at lo. " Afternoon Sabbath school at ;
12:30. Y. P. S. C E. at 6:30 p. m. Wecues-
<3ay evening prayer meeting at 8. All are 1
cordially invited. .- '':"-.'- j
EMMANUEL Baptist Church, Bartlett street. 1
near Twenty-third — Morning service at 11 |
o'clock; evening, 7:45. Sacred conceit and
orfsn recital. Barytone solos. "Crossing' the :
Bcr" <Leechman). Rev. Gibson; "O Love '
Divine" < Marston). Otis Carrington; soprano '
solos. "O Divine Redeemer" (Gounod), Mrs. \
L. Graven; "O For a Closer Walk With God" j
iPasmore). Mrs. L. W. Wright: bass solo, j
••Come Unto Me" <Ltn<3sey), Delevan B. j
Bowley: contralto solo, "The Golden Path- j
way" <Gray), Miss M. Gordon. Organist, 1
Miss Lotta Underhlll. • i
HAMILTON Square Baptist Church, sruth !
fide Post Etreet, near Steiner — Rev. H. S. j
Killen will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. i
in. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. Come and '.
bring your friends. j
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. corner of j
Geary and Franklin streets — Rev. Bradlord '•
Iveavitt. minister: Charles ' A. Murdock. I
. superintendent of Sunday school. The Sun- '
day school is at 10 o'clock. The morning
service is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford i
Leavltt will preach, subject. "The Test of ¦
True Religion." Music by quartet and
ohorus. H. Bretherick, organist and direc- :
tor. Bible class under leadership of Pro--;
ftspor Bacon at 10 a. m. AH are cordially :
invited. There is no evening service. ;
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Capp :
and Twentieth streets— Rev. E. F. Dlnsmcre, j
minister. Sunday school at i):45 o'clock. 1
The general theme for the day will be "The i
rtcijrn of La-n-." by James Lane Allen, with I
:i discourse in the morning on . "The Story." !
and In the evening on "Its Philosophy." The ;
music. under the direction of William :
Wertfcb Jr., will Include for the morning: '
Instrumental trio. "The Anselus" (Herbert); :
V>sss eolo. "The Heavenly Song." by Mr. Me- \
Currie; scprano and mezzo duet, "O Divine ;
Redeemer" ; and in the evening a duet, "Pil- !
crlm's Chorus" from Tannhauser: a solo by !
Miss Kroenert and a vocal duet.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal i
Church. Hayes and Buchanan streets — Rev. j
•Tolin Stephens, the pastor, will preach at 11 '
a., m. and 7:45 p. m. In the evening the !
monthly musical service will be held. 'The !
••hoir will render the second part of Haydn's
"Creation." with Mrs. H. V. Dickey. E. AL ;
Mocre and Cecil Smith as soloists. During i
the first part of the service the choir will |
fiing "A Mlphty Fortress." and there wi"l be i
r<.los by E. C. Boysen and Mrs. G. Norton. •
Beat* free. All invited. I. E. Blake, n.uel- j
, cal clrector: Mies Mabel Jones, organist.
TRINITV Church, corner Bush and Cough sts. !
Holy cemmunion 7:30 and 11 a. m.; Sunday!
sr-nool 9:3fi a. m. : morning service l"l i
0 clock: people's one-hour service 8 p "m • !
wusic by the full choir: all seats free- the '
rector will preach; you are heartily welcome 1
FRED W. CLAMPETT. ' ¦
A MASS meeting for men only at the Younr '
Men-s Christian Aeswiat ion. Mason and ' El- i
Us tts.. tnis (Sunday) afternoon, at 3 o'clock,
will b*- addressed by Rev. Wm. Kirk Guth- !
ne: subject. "Joseph the Prince." Special j
rnufic: solos by Mr. Barnhart and duets by
Barnhart and A. A. Macurda.
ASSEMBLY" Hall. 1 5" Polk st7— Alfred Mace
¦will give jro*pe! addresses: Sunday, May 4
?, p -. ln -'.. BIbl< * cIa?s - subject, "the Four
BartiKms : , A., ],. m.. "What Shall I Dor'
Tuesday, May «5. 7:45 p. m.. "Ships": Thurs- !
day. i»Iay 8. 7:45 p. m.. "The 144.000 on'
Mount Zion— the Everlasting Gospel etc ." i
nevelation 14. Sunday rchool at 3 p. m
even- Sunday. All welcome.. All If free. :
rl S S T *2l urch ot '"hrist. Scientist. Central I
block. Sutter st.. between Kearny and I
urant a v<>. —Christian Science service at 11 !
a. m.: subject of lesson-sermon. "Adam and !
FallPii Man. ' Sunday school for children at i
tlie fame hour. Wednesday evening meeting i
at ft o'clock. Free reading-room!?. 206 Kearny j
nt.. rooms 509-.'10. All are welcome.
I3E.VJAMIX FAY MIL1.S trill lecture on "The
Gospel According to Buddha." under the '
auspices of the Unity Club, at Golden Gate
1 fall. 625 Sutter Ft., at 6 o'clock p. m. Soloe
by. Miss Elsie Arden. Admission and all
seats free. Doors open at 7:30. :
THE Theosophical Society. Col. H. S Olcott I
pri-rfiident-founder— Public lectures every '
Snada}-. J> p. m.. at Theosophical headquar-
ters. Odd Fellows' building. To-night "The
Vending of the Master," by Frederick M
V.illiF. Thursday evening. May 8, special r.%-
ercises in memory of Madam H. P. Blavat-
sky: addresses by Mrs. K. B. Davis. Thomas
Prime and Dr. J. A. Andereon. Admission
free. ;
- ' — — — ' 1
THE Theosophical Society, Golden Gate Lodge i
— Free popular lf-ctures every Sundav at 8
p. m.. Flood building. R03 Market rt." ' Bub-,
jert to-night. "Th<» Solar Plexus." by Mies
at. A. Walsh. B'blc class Sundays II a. m
Public discussion meeting Saturdays 8 p m. I
Inquirers' class Thursdays. 2:30 p. m
Reading room and free lending library open
daJly. 1 to 4 p. m., and 7:30 to 9 p. m. Sat-
• urdays.
MEETINGS — SUXDAY.
AA — Dr. J. Depew Kenran's fr>«. Illustrated i
Wrture this evening. Crystal Hall Pvthian
r "a?U<\ *»0» Market. Subject. "Chemistry of
Life." followed by magnificent views of "his-
torical Chateaus of Xormandy. Free tickets !
distributed for X-Ray exhibition at Sanlta- i
rium Tues. eve. Remember Question Box I
Special music by Miss Ltllie Arthur, Master
Lamont Done. ;
, J W I
AT 117 Larkin. to-night— Inspirational Spirit-
ual Church meeting: subject. "A Smart Man
Who Would I Marry?" also truthful mes-
sages: Dr. C. E. Wheeler: admission free.
"WHY So Many Women Fall"- free lecture
10 ladies only, by Mrs. May Van Auken- with
free readings of heads, faces and hands- 8-15
¦ Monday eve. 330 Ellis rt. £¦;; ?-.'•:-"«.*:
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists, I. O O. F bldg j
. Market an<1 7th. to-night — Mrs. 'r 6 ' LMIJp. \
speaker: music by J. T. I-lllle; admission f re*'.
TESTS. 909 Market, rear;- II. free; 2-8 Swan
Maxwell. Wrenn. McKee; lecture, "Hypnot- '
tem." Prof. Dove. j
A— TESTS; front hall. Mm Market- 11 freT- !
2-S. 10c: Wilson. Nillsson. Waltman. Case! '
A-N'OW lecture. Henry Harrison Brown" '
Effort." Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8* p. m.; music. !
C V. . MILLER'S materializing . seance 1CS4 '¦
Vueh et.. S p. m.. 5<>c. Tel. larkin 4133.
\V <i. KEEGAIC test seance every night except
Saturday. 10c; Bluings dally. 14S 6th st.
BROCKWA Y'S elate writing and test seance
to-night. 25c. -yea Ellis rt. ¦¦ >
HARLE. Pithian Hall. 009 Market St.. to-night
in his wonderful testij. 15c. ' ' . .-*"•¦
MEETINGS— Un I v<r»nl Brotherhood.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood and Thecsophlcal i
Society < non -political and unsectarian)-^-
Monthlv public meeting to-night at .110 O'Far-
rell st.; subject; "What Theosophy Is Xot "' !
Musical selections; all Invited. ¦¦ - 1
* ¦¦'. 's " EDUCATION AL^-Contlnned:".' "^ ~
"A— THE [LYCEUM. 7 a'n" accredHed preparatory
i . '¦¦¦ school . for . the university." law - and ,; medical
. colleges: references.^President 'Jordan or any
Stanford' professor:.. Phelan building.. : :.
A— $50; life scholarship ."at AYRES' Business
I College. 723 ' Market St., pays for combined
; i. commercial and shorthand courses; new.type-
¦ ¦:¦ writers; positions secured ; catalogue free.";
ACCOUNTING-^-Most thorough course on coast;
''¦ beginners • and • college graduates .- perfected.
j TARR, expert accountant,' 219 Parrott bldg.'
CALIFORNIA Business College ; most . thorough
= . modern methods; : positions ; for' all graduates;
¦ :'new 60-page catalogue free." .305, Larkin st. >
ACTING, : elocution,: specialties: Hallet School:
;¦ - associated with theatrical agency securing po-
« sltlons. Alcazar building. ; 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com' 1. College, 530 Golden Gate
•ave.. S.'F.— Spring,, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslfn when qualified.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo .taught, in
. class. $1 mo. .426 O' Farrell ; phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College, • 1435 Market, nr. 1 10th;
'. Pittman shorthand, typing,' bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy
H of Langua?es,320Post;estab'd 1871- -.ablest profs.
Harpist, only. teacher West.deslres pupils.- Mme.'
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin," violin.^guitar or banjo,:
by, taking 20 lessons. -50c lesson.. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; Individual ln-
¦ structlon; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or.eve. ; $S mo. 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th.;
SHORTHAND taught by mall . or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT.. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN,' mandolin, guitar. Prof.'MERKI. good
: teacher. ,-.; 1008 Mission; .Instruments selected.* 1
DANCING quickly- taught ; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market .st. ..
HEALD'S Business, College, 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free. '
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff,5C5 Mission; tcl.John 3856.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed: U. S.
I licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
: Investigate our 5 per. cent Income bond propo-
- el tlon to guarantee stock r issues of new . en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London and
¦ American plan; send for ¦ the ¦ "Pacific States
. Investor," an • up to -date financial paper;
we ; have always opportunities for investors
to come In on; the ground floor , of flrst-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co.. 326 Post
st.; established 1892.
-_ FLATS TO LET. .
A FEW of our ] choice small flats to let, 4 to
' 7 rooms: , ¦ • ¦¦'¦¦ -
1809 Eddy. L..F., 4 1310 Ellis, U. -F.i 5
rooms .........$20 rooms $35
781 Halght, M. F., . 242 Frederick, ' L.
5 rooms ..:.... .$25 F... 6 rooms.'. . .$30
, 643 Frederick. L. . 8568 Seventeenth, L.
i F.; 5 rooms.. $22 50 . F., 5 rooms. . . . .$20
334 Elizabeth, C, 5 933 Fourteenth, H.,
rooms ...$15 7 rooms .. .-. .S27 50
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
PACIFIC ave.', 2922 — Elegant sunny upper flat,
. 8 rooms and bath; beautiful marine view.
SPECK & CO. ;
ELEGANT modern middle flat, 8 I rooms . and
bath; choice location. S.E. cor., Washington
and Lyon. sts.; beautiful marine view.
SPECK-& CO. -..- . -. --.-
VAN NESS ave.,- 2414— Modern sunny flat, 8
rooms 'and bath, choice location.. .SPECK
: & co. 1
SCOTT (west side), near Clay — New modern 11-
room • and bath ; rent reasonable. ¦ G. H.
UMBSEN &,CO.i'.'. ¦ •- t -.
2905 Vi HARRISON, opposite Garfleld Square—
Upper 6-room and bath; rent very cheap.
' G - H - UMBSEN & °°- '
EIGHTEENTH, . 4543, near Clara ave.— Upper
sunny , flat 5 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements." . ; . . ¦ , .-..-¦ .- ,
UPPER flat 8 rooms, ' bath, modern : 2017 - Sac-
rameato; low rent. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Mont-
gomery st. ¦;.,, ¦ ,. ,
CHEAP new flats; 1848-50 McAllister; all mod-
ern Improvements. ¦ Apply 'G. -. H. • UMBSEN
& CO. . 14 Montgomery b£.
CLAYTON, 216— New up-to-date lower, flat; 5
, rooms and 2 in basement. Open Sunday p. m.
OAK, 42714— Upper flat 6 rooms; modern lm-
•-.:provements.>' -, ' , ¦
PINR2132 — 6 rooms, bath;- all .modern; large
back yard: flne basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
SEE latest ¦ Improved , flat, just built, between
parka; best location. 259 Carl, nr. Stanyan.
NICELY- furnished flat of 4. large sunny rooms,
: bath, phone; reasonable. : - 815 Lagruna st.
OAK; 413% — Flat of 7 rooms and bath; modern
¦Improvements. : " • • . 3
$25-^-FINE sunny flat 6 rooms: and bath. • 2134
O'Farrell St.. : Inquire upetalre. .
. , FLATS »TO ¦' LET— FURNISHED.
$37 50^-ELEGANT 7-room flat completely' fur-
nished; 3 blocksifrom narrow gauge depot;
can be rented for '2 or 3 months. . ¦
-' • ' E. J. STEWART & CO.'.
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
MODERN 8-room furnished flat 1 to rent' or fur-
niture for sale on easy payments If necessary.
. Apply-from-4 to 6 p.m. at 1028 Ellis st. •:
FLAT of 4 rooms, .bath, gas; 2 adults. - 2250
Mission* St., warm belt. - Address R., 1096
Valencia st. . ¦ . ¦" >:¦ -' . . .: ¦
COMPLETELY furnished upper, floor, 3 "sunny
rooms and bath; adults. : 2110 Baker st.
STANYAN, 1132-^-Corner .flat, 6 rooms; sun all
day; furnished or. unfurnished. -..-. --.. •
SUNNY corner-5 rooms; rent $16 -furniture for
sale cheap.. 98 Cumberland, bet. . 19th & 20th.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517 — 4 rms.; bath;gas range-
$25;; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4!
, FURNITURE FOR 'SALE." /
FURNITURE and carpets of flat 1188 Ellis st.
¦for sale in part or whole; flat will be vacated.
, Apply Monday, May 6. -.
FOR sale cheap — Newly furnished ¦ flat of "6
rooms and ? bath;, rent- $17. Inquire to-day
(Sunday) between 12 and 5 p. m., 936 Powell.
FOR ':-¦ SALE^Furnlture - of nicely furnished
house, 7 rooms; very reasonable. 589' O' Far-
rell st. ¦•.-¦ /;./.. ' .-..-..-. .¦..;,;- - -..-.^ ¦
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 B0. with No. 7
... range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
AN ' elegant - bedroom I set.- Including baby car-
rlage; party going East. Call at 64 Tehama.
FURNISHED flat, first-class condition; cheap.
¦ 4131 Eighteenth St., j near Castro. - ¦ ¦ ¦ • . . -;- .
7 ROOMS, all rented; reasonable on account of
departure. 544 Valencia st. ;
;^ 1WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— 3, waitresses for the- springs $25-
12 . cooks, " some with wash,' others without
; washing, $30; 3. cooks, small hotels, countrv
$30 ; • 10 : chambermaids - and wait one meal
$20; laundress for institution, $30; 7 restau-
rant waitresses, $7; governess. $25; 9 second
girls, $20, $25,, city and country; French sec-
ond girl, country. S $30; laundress, 1 private
-. . family, : $30; also a large number of girls for
, all kinds ' of-, housework; - good wages. • "Call
,- Monday, J.f f.<?ROSETT & : CO., 334 Sutter.
A NUMBER of bright girls will 'be taken for
'.instruction on overalls, with a stated amount
guaranteed, while ¦ learning. Standard- Shirt
Factory, cor. >'\ Gough and Grove • sts. ;
WANTED— Young girl, to assist In housework.
Apply at 1 3521 22d Bt. to-da*y ' and Monday.
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on gentlc-
,; men's coats.: '¦ .105 Ellis , st.,'. rooms 1 22 and ¦ 23. .
WANTED-^Experienced finishers 'on ' custom
: pants; none other need - apply. , 380 Fifth st.
GIRL*wlth some experience . to assist infoto
studios JOHNSON' S. . 55 Third :stJ :¦: ,
• NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN-
HOW TO SEW bvERALLS; WE TEAGH
YOU FREE OF CH ARG E AND PA Y WHILE
: ,'-"i LEARNING; STEADY, WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
; -:'''.iBT.V- MR., DAVIS. ;. ¦-'- _ ¦ .-.-'. "'
NEAT '< reliable ' girl Tf or general i housework and
> cooking; -. small -• family j ¦ apply ¦ between 8 ' ar.d
; A.-ll. a;', m.'* 2116; California- st. ! , f
AN experienced -nurse '. girl, < light second work,
-$15 a i month;; not i over 30 \ years. -Apply 1 233
:- : .Thlrd ¦' ave. ; j Sutter-st.^: cars. - . .-
$25, TO $35 week guarantd.; 'theatrical;. 5 ladles
¦ .and 3 gents;- no experience necessary; - Cald-
,¦•'- well College Oratory ; & 'Acting, . 1327, Market, t
' LEARN, proofreading; j sits.' secured," $15 1 to $25
wkly.v; Home. Correspondence .; School." Phlla.
WANTED-^Glrls l.ta fold C shirts. \ Apply THE
K-\ L; : ELKUS CO..- 29 and 31 • Battery st. ' ¦ ¦ '
EXPERIENCED operators ' on .'.ladles', under-
;, :.wear.' L r ';656:M.lsslon°st.r; third-floor, r. J .... l( ',
EXPERIENCED :•;: operators i: on".^ ladles'- over
t ; skirts ; good . pay. % 656 Mission St.. third floor.
EXPERIENCED , operators ', on Madles' •; waists;
f.good pay."" C56 1 Mission st., third floor.
™ ' ! SPJBLI.TUALISM— Contlniiea.
K EDIUMS* •'-•' Protective*;; ' Associatlori^-Seml-an-
; p«3l meeting- Saturday evening,: May 10, 19C2. ;
,; ;, in :. the headquarters . of State : Spiritualists'
J Associati on , , U05 ; Larkin , s t: ; • San ' Francisco ;
all; members please; take notice. ..-¦ . ; ;•
BROCKWA Y'S * slate ; writing I and ' test I seance,
V - Sun. , ; Wed. and Friday nights ; .. every ; one re- :
-¦; celves tests; 25c: "readings daily. : 1052 Ellis."
MRS. WINCHESTER, , 1610 Clay— Circles Sun-
- .< day and Wed.,". 8 :p. , m. ; ¦ Tuesday « ¦ 2 - p. m. ;
sittings daily.- ; ; _; • ;• ' ,.'; ; v ; .,/',..- . ;; y;.
ETHEL CRINDLE.r materializing, and /vocal
, seances Sunday,' Friday, eves., 50c. » 325 Ellis."
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak," circle Tuesday, and
Friday.' 8 p.' m. ; Wed.y 2 p.*m.; reading dally.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
* to-night. >. COS McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
Mrs. Seal,' spiritual and bus. • medium : : tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE,, 328 Ellis; "readings dally;
•phone Polk- 1601; -seance | Sunday* and Thur3.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 ' McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: lOa."
_ CLAIRVOYAXTS:
'A— ISMAR. THE GYPSY. ;• : "¦'• :
.1104 Market' st:. Corner Turk. . -¦*"¦' j--.>
¦ Ismar.; the r Egyptian Gypsy, -draws aside the
uncertain' years' ahead; 1 happiness and 'success
go hand in. hand, yet ¦ hundreds ; fall where suc-
cess Is ¦, possible >; wfere - it not for the lack , of
foresight 'into the- future; if you are in- trouble
of - any ,; kind, • discontented, ..unhappy ¦ or,/ not
satisfied in life, consult Ismar,' for she ' is. a
prophetess of world-wide fame, and ' her I name
has -become a proverb ¦ In : thousands of ; homes
made happy ¦ by her aid ? and advice. Ismar
can be consulted dally from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.;
Sundays from lo to 12 a. m.,' at" her Office, 1104
Market st., corner Turk. "- v - • - ; - -. '¦¦ ¦:¦
, SPECIAL— Ismar' s readings c by mall . are
fully as satisfactory. as those given' in. person;
three questions answered, $1; full life reading,
$5.; Send date and year of birth..;. ' ;-." '
MME. E.: BERNARD. ! - ' •- - 1
.' T.HE FAMOUS ;. '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located .at .- 17 Third . St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the., present hap-
penings and portrays events- to occur In the fu-
ture, v. If you are ; in trouble, , discontented, un-
happy, or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and • you will be told - how to' overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; -satisfaction guaranteed. ' Tel. Black 4560.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
- palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor.- Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.' ; readings by. mail as satisfactory as
' in person; 3 questions answered,. $1; full life,
, $5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located, at 1206 Mar-
ket Bt., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed." by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
with special- terms/ Dally and Sunday. - ¦-
A— COMMENCING MONDAY,- / ". •
Miss Wllle,. the crystal seer, 326A Ellis St..
-will give readings daily; hours 10 a. m. to S
p. ¦ m. ; • Sundays, . 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. . . .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies 60c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
FIRST visit PROF. MILES. . clairvoyant and
palmist medium; his, $3 reading one < week
: $1; hours 10 to 8; teaches hypnotism. 1010
Mission st. , ¦ - ¦ * '- .
A— MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques. ; f ull J names ; 50c-$l ; • 10 a.' m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
. of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated, finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors 8-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true: send' dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MME. WALTMAN— Readings dally. 10 a. m.
¦ to 8 p. - m.'; circles Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Saturday, 8 p. m. ¦ 205 Turk st. ; ground floor.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melville wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 '6th: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MRS. -BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladles
25c; gents 50; readings. dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ODF.LL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G.Mto. ,521% Eddy.
MME. .WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. . 951 ."Mission! : near 6th; open Sun.
MME. AUGUST, . clairvoyant ' reader, ' palmis-
try; truth or no pay. 26% Kearny, room 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c: from l-.to 8. -262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MRS. STEPHANS, 104 Fell st., near Van Ness,
reads life correctly; 25c-50c. ¦-. "... V;-.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant .! and; high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3;: readings- by mall. 125 Turk st.
COLLECTION -OFFICES.
unless successful. . Room 310. 927 Market »t.
{ CARPET BEATOG; • a^ k J° "g. 3^? l^A? fV, "
WHEN you become disgusted, with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works, 353-357. Tehama st.;, tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd: ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bct.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CITY •• Steam Carpet-beating . Works. -, Q. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel.: South 256.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating -Works.
S33 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126. - ,
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
, tel. East 725. .'.A. Q. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. : E. :¦ MITCHELL '¦ Carpet-cleaning and - Reno-,
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: 'tel. 'Mission 74. '
COTTAGES .TO. LET.
$22 BO-^-Furnished . 5-room> and bath cottage;
nice yard,' garden,, etc. ; 8 Carolines conveni-
ent. - 3459 Twenty-sixth; st., near .Valencia.
COTTAGE, '. 3 sunny ' rooms; ;yard" and stable.
-. 16 . Bylngton . aye. ' - - ..-,- - ; - h. :, ,
MENLO (Fair Oaks)— New Cottage, 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary. :
COTTAGES TO LET— Suburban-;
MENLO (Fair Oaks)- new ; cottage; '7 rooms,
bath; furnished. : A. R. ; HARRISON, , 78
¦ Geary.: st.--- /. ¦ ... ¦.'¦.:-¦ -¦ ¦' .- ¦ ;.
.DENTISTS.
EIGHT prizes -for ' beet cfowns, ' plate, I bridges
.and fillings; extractions or filling by my.won-
. . derful secret, painless method ; 20 "ears' ' ex-*
~ perier.ee ; ; no students ; . .- advice • free ; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady .attendants.
PR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.r '¦¦ ...
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
• 4th, 'r. 7/ Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours.- 9 a. m."to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,.
9 to 2. J. .W. THATCHER, D.P.S..- Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, j 6 Turk st." cor. Mason—
.. Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given : lady attendant. . R. ¦ C. ANDER-
• SON.D.D.S.., proprietor, and. manager: ;.-.- "\
A NEWj plate— The Whalebone-^-cannot break ;
J warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings,, 50c;
g plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
.ranted. Chicago Dental' Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of, teeth; $4; crowns, $3: fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. ¦: SHEPARD, 14 • Geary St.— Expert
•workmanship only; reasonable; 'hours 10 to 4."
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. '-: late .. of 6 , Turk "st.— '
Crown and bridge work;; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without", plate. DR." H.i. G.
: YOUNG.-^1841-Polk st: -V
JBS^^^L^Jf.^??. ANP .. s . E!AMST , IiESSE . s
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
¦ fltspupUs for buslness;..we;teach,everythlng
from basting to finishing and present pupils
¦ with our famous drafting; machine; 2 weeks
; In . sewing dept. free to those! entering, first
..week May; latest patterns cut. 1 1019 Market.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School:
¦ . cor»et-maklng taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
: * EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL^ OF~ELS5TRicAir^ ENGI-
; NEERING— Theory. " demonstration, construc-
* tlon, laboratory -and shop work; thoroughly
practical ;• day and' night.. 24 Posfst.,' S. F.;
catalogue free.'. '¦ ¦; , ,..¦-., .-.'„.
A— IF Gregpr stenographers are not fast writers
how do they ali get positions and hold them?
;. 34 posltlons-ln March. -'32 In > April; EIHb book-
keeping-makes real bookkeaprrs.'- S.F iBus.
. .College. 1236 Market st. :¦ ".;,,;. ;'. . ¦ r:
I TEST your speed ; in \ figures ; j our students add
I, 60 figures. In ¦ 8 ,- seconds;- speed lz- money in
business. S.F.. Bus. College.; 1230 Market st.'
GOLDEN GATE. Com'l. College, .530;; Golden
¦ -.Gate -aye.;, S/.F.— Special spring and summer
term;, bookkeeping, -,* shorthand,.: 'penmanship
•;,- and •'¦ English ; \ get information ; • position soon
... as- qualified. .; . -.¦, >¦- ¦;..-,;- ; .- . ¦ . :; ' : >¦ - ?« ; -..-.. , H ,
A— GALLAGHER-MARSH College i Indorsed by.
. ; ; all expert - court , reporters. 1 will remove | from
rarrott building to more commodious quarters
; at 1382 Market .st.;. on; or about 1 May, 1; 1 1902. \
HgALD' S SCHOOL OF, MINES." 24 POSTi ST.-,;
>'S.-. F. — Thorough; courses ;complete equipment :
?all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day, and night ; ¦ catalogue : free.'iv ;
ENGINEERING^-Civll, elec, mining,' mech.sur-
: j ey '»f SBay; c y anl <le ; day,- eve. ; est.^ 1864. .Van'
,.;der Naillen School,- 113 Fulton. J nr. City? Hall.'
v- :¦ ' -'¦?•¦ i: .¦;'•;.: '¦¦¦' - ¦¦'.'-¦-, -¦¦¦;• '-. ' •¦
' BUSINESS Continued. "j \
JOSEPH - STRAUB. .V. ...:'... . .830 . Market; st.
'a — Bakery: doing big business; 3 wagons and
9 horses; must be sold on account of departure:
baking 8 barrels dally; Investigate. Fruit and
grocery store on Flllmore st. Grocery, and bar
j on Vallejo Bt.; rent $35; ,good - corner; price
I $1200. ¦ Branch bakery at 16th and Valencia
sts.; $250. Drug. store and -medical practice : ln
a good country town; investigate. • Fine coun-
try bakery; horses, and wagons : fixtures, etc. ;
$500. Cigar stand near theaters; $D00. Saloon
on Turk st. Saloon on Montgomery st. doing
good business; rent $00; "price $2700. Branch
bakery: good. corner on Mason -st.; rent .$15:
price $200. Saloon arid lunch house In whole-
sale district;, price $900. Hotel of 28 rooms;
j dining-room, barroom, etc. ; ' 70 steadj' ' board-
ers; place clears $450 monthly; best opportunity
In. years; will be sold on accountof sickness;
rent $100; price $4000.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market St.
FOR sale— East of Haywards; a junction house
' consisting of 9 rooms, stock of liquors; also ;
large cellar, . 1 acre of land with large barn, . ¦
chicken house. and other outbuildings; all In
good condition; windmill, tank and large well
¦ of good water. For particulars apply- SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 322 to 332 Sansome
St., S. F., or at premises, D. H. " VAGTS.
Haywards. j Alameda' County. ; Cal. .
$50 INVESTED with us will pay you moreln
one month than any savings bank will pay
you on $300 in one year; your Investment be-
erin^. earning this at once and continues to do
eo until you. withdraw came; no stocks, bonds
cr oil, but a business proposition; best of ref-
erences; it- will pay you to write us at once.
Denver Co-operative Investment Association,
Exchange building, Denver. Colo. • '
THE Cable Restaurant; Hyde St.; a snap for
the right person; over 50 steady boarders; a
full investigation invited; do not miss this
chance; the best transfer corner in the city;
I present owner has a lease at low rent, but
j. wishes to retire from -business. Box 1511,
Call office. .¦-..;,'•¦"''. •-.'.•.." ~" '
LIVERY stable; Western Addition; 30 horses
and well-equipped stock of buggies, wagons,
harness, etc. ;. number of boarders; the busi-
ness Is profitable and a good Investment at
$3500; owner leaving city; must sell. Ad-
dress box 1664, Call office.
FOR safe and profitable Investment buy stock
In "Metropolitan Horse Owners' Association";
Incorporated for operating thoroughbred race-
horses on co-ooeratlve basis; prospectus free.
Address 805 Park Row building. N. Y.
$400C — GROCERY store In San Jose; established
20 years; trade increasing every year: satis-
factorv reason for selling; no agents. Ad-
dress box 1727. Call office. .
25 PER CENT average monthly profit; shares
$10; money withdrawn any time If not satis-
factory; send for circular. SOLLITT & CO.,
123 Cedar st..' New York. (Mention paper. )
OUR copyrighted system turf speculation; av-
erages 60 per cent monthly; explanation free.
N. S. HAND & C O.,- Expert Handlcappers,
804 Park Row bldg., N. Y. (Mention paper.)
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale.
204 Leavenworth st.
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to invest In a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
Fuperior to Tread well mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime' beginning 3 -months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or invest In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
$1000 per year Income secured by any one tak-
ing trouble to investigate our plans; no gold
mine .or gambling scheme; simple, straight-
forward business proposition, unusual merit.
Jumlapa Co., Fullerton bldg., St. Louis, Mo.
$250— ONE-HALF of the best day trade saloon
In mercantile district for sober and Indus-
trlous man. Particulars 257 Fourth st.
LADY partner wanted; half Interest; light,
agreeable business; exorbitant profits; strictly
business and confidential. . Box 1549. : Call.
PAYING hardware and ship store; good, clean
stock; can be bought on easy 'terms; make
offer; no agents. Apply 1C Folsom st.
FOR Sale— A flne barber outfit. Including '2
French plate mirrors. 4x2; price $30. 828
San Pablo ave:. Oakland.
FOR SALE^ — A good paying fruit store. Cor-
ner Buchanan and O'Farrell. 1459 Buchanan.
WELL established tobacco and -cigar store; llv.
Ing rooms; rent $13; must aell. 140 First st.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
-ANY house sold on monthly payments.' ¦
, CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST.
.100 rooms; elegant; modern, investigate. $20, 000
65 rooms corner: a bargain. 7,000
40 rooms; central: clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; .easy terms........ 1,700
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400 I
8 rooms; downtown: clears $60....... 550
25 rooms; rent $30; Income $85; only..- ¦¦. 225
9 rooms ; corner ; very good ..'.........' 375
7 rooms; snap; Geary st.. 200
12 rooms; Mason st. : clears $70........ 700
. A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 631,
Rms. 7-8, 906 Market St.. cor. Ellis, upstairs.
$550 — 8 ROOMS downtown: clears $60 :^ $200
cash, bal.' monthly. RETSLOFF, 906 Market.
REDUCED to $1060—1 8 rooms ; ,- strictly • first
class: clears $100; monthly payments. RETS-
LOFF, 906 Market st. .
Business is booming here.
We never- advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market st. • (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
Our telephone— -Black 1-8-0-3
Correspondence solicited.
List your house with us by telephone. • ».
All houses for Bale on our Installment plan. 1
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles,
GOOD transient house: new furniture $1500
36 rms.: mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
; 100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men... ..... 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms;. low rent.... 8200
35 rms.: Howard; rent only $65; terms. .1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. B to 200 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st. '
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent $125: going East; sacrifice for
$2600. Morrison fc'Co., 36 Montgomery, r. 4.
Mortgaged lodging-house at tremendous sacri-
fice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
LODGING house. 19 rooms: transient; clearing
$IS5 per month; price $1500; easy terms MOR-
niSON.& CO.. 26 Montgomery. St.. room 4.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all - sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
II rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter............ 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner..........;. 200
11 rooms; downtown; good. ..;... 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer...... . 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
WINSTON & WOLFE. ~~~~- ~
1026 MARKET ST. -
9 ROOMS: RENT $40: MUST SELL... S525
15 ROOMS: $500 CASH, BAL.. $10 MO.. 050
30 RMS.. SUNNY COR.; CLEARS $100. 2550
20 RMS.; MUST SELL (NEW); SEE IT 1400
120 RMS. (NEW): CLEARS $325; SWELL 5450
100 ROOMS; RENT $2 PER ROOM...... 6800
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY
' 850 Market St.— (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281:
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
. business chances and real estate.
• -. .. We furnish' vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates. •
Something new every day.
:' New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,. '.",-.. ~ ~
• 850 Market st; and 8 Stockton st
Rooms 21. 22. 23. . Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in- hotels,' lodging-houses
flats, all sizes and prices; In all parts of city'
Money loaned, 1*6 per cent. . ¦ ¦ • - .
$650—10 ROOMS; Mason st.; nets $50 • ¦ '¦
¦ $180^-7' rooms; 3d st.; $80 cash.
$650-^-15 roms; Market: good payer.
$375 — 20 rms.; Jackson -."good mechanics' house
$1300 — 21 rooms; Kearny; snap; bay-windows
. And 60 more houses; honest trade.- . •'
Inquire at McBRIDE &. CO.'S, 765 Market.
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
Hut of bargains offered in lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by - - - .
i G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
t»17 Market Ft. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts
Buyers, notice above announcement and
¦ call : at his office before j you | buy. a house.' '¦ |
60 ROOMS: pleasant, sunny -corner; modern
'.family hotel: furnishings- expensive; liberal
6-year lease; must be sold. Particulars box
1726, Call of fice. .. ¦ ' ¦-. ¦¦ ,. -.,'_ - ,
TRANSIENT house ; 11 rooms; rent $45; down-
town, central location; neat, clean and well
. -furnished: It lsa beauty; must sell - ; quick •
bargain at $1000. Box 1725. Call office. '
16-ROOM apartment house; rent $40; this house
is nicely furnished; rooms command v good
rents; bargain at $650. , Address . box 1665
; Call office. >,v ..',».. ..; - -... ,;-.->: ~- '/./Vi^.'^n., 1 !
IF you want to eell or buy a rooming or apart -
' ment house; call on us; we can • suit • you '
TOMLINSON & : CO.,- 105 Ellis St., room 10
.-(Glaecow block).;.'. r . •/.,-:
NATOMA. 217/ near rThlrd. 2 blocks from 1 Call
. — 2 flats.. completely furnished, 5 rooms each
. all light, : . clean; gas; , bath; large yard; a
bargain; > rent $32. : . ' ¦ . .
$300 — FINELY, furnished ¦ house, 8 ? rooms - and
,. bath; a bargain. 5% Polk: St.; near Market."
CHE APEST. and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, • sent , to any » address In the
United ' States or Canada one i year j for ¦ $1. "r;
: SPIRITUAXISM.i..
A^—C.V. MILLER, world's famous materlallz-
. ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Frl., Suri.T 8 p. m.; 60c.*jl0S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. trance, bus. : melum;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
$2.-1164 O'Farrell et.: Ellis car. >
"j_ J TOtP r. WAIfTEP^^g^y' 1 "''" 0 *''*- - -.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. „
59 Third st.. near Call b WS-. P h .°£« Bush 40 "-
........: railroad i-* 13^^ 3^ •iy»y
Free fare „ /•• •'• •••••• ¦' **-c*-o jj a ko
' 100 teamsters," Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $- J5 day
B0 concrete men:. ;V,^',wniTT '
SPECIAL TO-DAY (SUNDAY)
Ship to-day for sawmill and lumber woods.
Fare Advanced— Fees Reduced To-day Only.
60 sawmill hands. $30 to $6u per month and
board ; 50 • woodsmen." $30 to 5&j per month,
and board: -20 men -for railroad work, saw-
mill., S30 per month.
Ships p. m. To-day.... Fare Advanced
10 lumber pliers and loaders. ..... .$2 per day
Men on log deck $2 25 per day
Men on Jump saw • $2 per day
4 woodsmen. $40 to $50 per month and board
4 lumber pliers .V:T..T.'..';. ...$60 per month
Man and wife. man. to work on section. $2
per day. wife to cook, small ; crew. $3O
per month and found
Man to make boxes, country... $1 50 per day
4 milkers. 25 cows.. ..SGO and $35 per month
Oiler, $2 per day
Fireman, stationary. . ". $2 25 per day
-Cooks, waiters and dishwashers, city
. German head waiter, $35 per mo. and found
Man to tend. bar. -wait on dining-room.
road house, near city $20 per month
Ranch cook, country, small crew. $25 and bed
Foreman to take charge of wheeler-
scraper gang $3 per day, city
Foreman to take charge of putting up some
buildings ......$100 per month
5 rough 'carpenters ...'.. $2 per day
CAL. EMr. AGENCY.......... 50 Third st.
BY a - corporation, intelllsent man for outside
work; must be of good address and capable
of explaining- a business proposition thor-
oughly: reference. ¦ The Co-operative Realty
Company, rooms 14-16. 240 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Programme advertising solicitor
for opera company playing parks and sum-
mer resorts; $15 week and expenses; $150
cash security required. Call room 13. Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. Fifth and Mission sts.
Engineers, firemen, machinists, electricians —
New 40-page pamphlet containing questions
¦ asked by Examining Board Engineers; sent
free. Geo. Zeller. Publisher. St. Louis. Mo.
MAN who can furnish bond to take agency for
Adams chewing gum machines for Oakland.
Berkeley, Alameda. Apply by letter, JOB
GARDINER. 27 Main st.. S. F.
BARBER shop: will buy whole or half-lnter-stf
or location to start In country. DANIEL)
STANG. 1947 Stockton st. .
WANTED — Good shoe treer and • packer, oa
men's & boys' heavy work. B«rkeley Boot &
Shoe CO.. Inc., 809 Delaware St.. W. Berkeley.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work: no experience required: $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
GOOD window dresser for dry goods and cloth-
ing house In country, 25 miles from S. F. :
state experience, salary. P. O. box 2665. S. F.-
DRY-GOODS salesman and window dresser:
single man; only experienced man free from
.vices need apply. Box 238. Merced. Cal.
WANTED — Men to read "Virile Powers of
Superb. Manhood." by Bernarr ' Macfadden.
1203 Market st.
WANTED — Blacksmith and helper accustomed
to heavy work. H. B. SCHINDLJER CO.,
128 Spear st.
MEN and women to work home; no canvassing;
work sent promptly. Imperial Supply Co..
6000 B. Philadelphia.
MEN to distribute circulars, samples, tack
signs, etc.; no canvassing; good pay. Smltn
Advertising Assn., Washington. D. C.
UNION musicians; experienced dance players.
Foster's Dancing School, 1358 Market st.;
call 3 to'S. .
DRY goods clerk, country. Apply office of
E. H. Levy, Inc., 613 Market st., Monday,
9- to 10.
ANY person who will distribute circular for
$3 dally. Standard Co.. 4 Wells. Chicago.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
"WANTED — A good Wheeler scraper foreman.
Apply at 2t> Montgomery St.. room 14.
BOYS wanted. GREENBERG & GREEN-
BERG. 31, 83. 35. 37 Grant ave.. cor Geary.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply CAMPBELL- &
BERNSTEIN, tailors, 22 Eddy st.
BOY about 17 to work In factory; apply at
once. 100 Sacramento st. . ' - .
STEADY boy with some experience at paint-
Ing Monday morning. - Cor. 13th and Howard.
WANTED— Cashboy. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Good shoemakers on repairing.
30 % Clay st. >
WANTED — Miners for Alaska. 60c hour and
board; must pay fare. Box 1739. Call- office.
WANTED — First-class bushelman ; salary $18:
- steady ,Job. PAUSON & CO.. 200- Kearny st.
WANTED— Errand- boy, 907 Market st. Call
Monday morning. ..'.-'
WANTED — Boy; must have experience la
clothing and furnishing goods. 62-66 Third.
WANTED — Cashbo>-3. Apply at S. N. WOOD
6 CO.'S,. 718 Market st.
WANTED — Man for light work; no expertenc*
necessary; requires $150. [ 935 Market, r. 14.
BOY 16 to 18 years; steady place; good wages. |
Columbia Cloak Store. 1022 Market st
WANTED — A bright young man from 18 to
20 years of age to learn the dry goods busi-
ness. Apply between 8 and 11 a. in. at
HALE BROS.
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to the right
party; good wages. D. J. B., box 1711, Call.
WANTED — Man with $200 for candy store; at-
tend cash; no experience required; $70 mo.
BROWN * CO.. 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
WANTED — Two good coopers for making
kegs. Apply JOHN OCHSNER, Sacramer to.
WANTED — Driver at once. Apply HOWLAND
& SMITH, Ninth and Washington at.. Oakld.
. WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Flrst-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. in.
at HALE BROS.' ;' ;
WANTED — Flrst-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.* .
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class finan-
cial proposition; successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 ma; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p.m., except Sunday. St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237. 1606 Market st. :
"WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodled, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 9 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. ¦
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, stlH
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larg»
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop and bathrooms In Vallejo, doing
a good business: cost $1000; to be sold at
one* at a bargain. Apply JOS. R. BLEILY.
Cor.-Fln. secretary J. B. I. W.. 927 Market. -
MEN to learn barber trade;' barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
SALESMAN wanted— To call on doctors only
on behalf of the leading firm. In the business;
established trade; permanent; applicant must
be Intelligent. Indefatigable; sta*- exj>erience.
Address P. O. Box 853. Philadelphia.
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured. $15 to $25
. wky. Home Correspondence School. Phlla.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy "and
push; good opportunity for. right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building. ¦ .
OFFICE boy about 15 In wholesale house; must
. be graduate grammar . school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
BARBERS-^Rare chance; must be sold: 2-chalr
' barber shop In country at bargain. DECKEI*.
. MAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st.
AN experienced salesman .for billiard business."
Box 1581. Call office.
SAILORS wanted. For a square deal go to
LANE'S. 504 Davis at.. San Francisco. ; .
WANTED — Gentlemen for theatrical business:
experience, not neces. 1015 Linden. Oakland.
WANTED— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific st..
. - between S and 10 a. m. . - - ¦
YOUNG man . to do Janitor work for his tul-
tlon. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
. Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET 'your shoes half -soled while waiting: 25o
: to 50c 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bull is. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R,
BO MEN.to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr." 5th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
-. bus and baggage to and from ferry.
¦CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia Mt. ¦ -
For Employment Wanted, Etc., Set
>Page Thirty-Eight; H£THE SAN. "FRAlSrCISCq^C^ 1902.
37
REAL !» ESTATE— CITY— FOR/_j3ALE.
F.ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., - ¦
638 MARKET _ STREET.
'i;; , AUCTION.
• auction!
tuesday....... ....:.. may 6, 1902.
At Our Salesroom, No. «38 Market st.
At 12 O'clock Noon. - .
WESTERN ADDITION INCOME PROPERTY.
North line (Nos. 1220-1228) Golden Gate ave.,
87 :« feet east of Fillmore; two. fine residences
of 8 rooms and bath each In first-class condi-
tion; very desirable neighborhood; sunny sloe
of the boulevard to Golden Gate Park; rents
$960 per annum; lot 30x100 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Southeast line (Nos. 321-321V6-323-32."*%) Te-
hama st, 200 feet northeast of' Fourth; four
substantial, well-built flats of 4-3 rooms each
and a rear cottage of 3 rooms: rents $050 per
annum; lot 35x80 feet. .
_ PROBATE SALE^
Estate of James A. Johnson, deceased. . .
Subject to confirmation of Superior Court
of.»,°, Utheast llne < Nos - 27-29-31-33) Shipley St.,
3&2% feet northeast of Fourth; six well-built
,. „?' 4 " 5 «"°°nis eacn j ren t s $672 per annum;
lot 41:2^x09 feet.
PROBATE SALE.
South of Market Investment '. -
Estate of James McCarthy, deceased.
Southeast line iNo. 211) Shipley st, 91:8
feet southwest of Fifth; Improvements consist
or a nouse of 8 rooms, and under Instructions
rrom the executors, must be sold; lot 16:8x73
™,P HEIGHTS BUILDING LOTS.
Kh^J ! lne «* WaIler St.. 34 feet east of
5 «« w* i wo fine lots re ady for building; very
*!*«./,?. y 1( i cate^ and cloBe to Golden Gate Park
electric and cable cars; lots 25x100 feet each.
WESTERN ADDITION ' RESIDENCE
~£? r » ne <No. .738) Hayes st. 143:0 feet
™ oi Buchanan; large, well-built house 9
onn™.M and flnlsne(l basement; excellent
condition; large lot, 25x120 feet, . running
tbrcugh to Ivy ave.
. WKSTERN ADDITION FLATS.
f*fi » \ r t (No £ 1223 - 12 23H) Green st, 160:5
fe*t east u f Larkin; two well-built flats of 5-4
rooms. In first-class condition; lot 22:11x77:6
i MISSION CORNER FLATS.
Southwest corner (Nos. 3663-3663 V4) Eight-
eenth and Oakwood Bts., between Guerrero and
Dolores; two well-built flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath; renting for $510 per annum. '
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS
East line (Nos. 1412-1412%) Larkln et. 107
feet north of California; two modern well-built
Hats of i-6 rooms and bath each; rents $780
per annum; lot 30:0x100 feet. ' ', \
TWF.NTY-FOURTH-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
I\crth side o£ Twenty- fourth St., • 2S0 feet
?w, °if ¦• Ca "£? { u fln £ bulld 'ns lots running
through to Elizabeth st. ; level and ready for
building; will subdivide; lots 40x228 feet
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS CORNER
LOT.
Northwest corner of Central ave. and Fulton
fn" : » «fi 1 " 1 " l ot ' sultabl « tor store and flats
20:6x68:9 £et 1S rapldly lot
iSSh 1^ P A? K JbP TS AND COTTAGE,
ca^t n? 323) m M™* ave., 150 feet
commandfn^o flve flne building lots.
Bilv anrf i 8 , ?t ele * an t view of San Francisco
m*entr. d o£ 2« &MK" WUh »««¦«-.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO
. 638 Market.' st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
'._ 638 MARKET ST.
$7-5OOfS AND R MA . RKET - ST - CORNER.
$.5,000-Lot feet; three frontages; east
w«i S™ h? r fP*"™" 1 * house; this lot
years? Value ln the next few
wwoo-£K.«8&! £E? ££«»;& \ flats .
n e n n t'H ntr ,i or * 1872 P er "num; on the
maWngVa:^re. Very dMlr ° US ot
$12,000-f H rt°h IC s ?d^^^
h a o^°ii ot f, n f :6x !, 38 ?e ":' thu r io?wi h ii i
Ifce investment 811 * Pay blg lnterest ™
$0 500—1 ™ - MI SSION FLATS. ' ...
mmmum
MODERN WESTER^ A DDITI0N REg ,
"piss-
$3.300-Two mS N w^. A b^ t flat8 : f 4 \
lot 25x80 feet. W Per annl "n.'
EASY TP°-£| RN COTTAGES. . ,
fiABl TERMS . . MUST np cat r.
$-800 Tr. MAKE OFfMr T BB SOLD -
$-..800-Tremont h St. near Frederlck; fl
RSOO-SteW st.. near Filbert;^ rooms and
ll^tary^t^^aftl^ 1°°™ ™* *>ath:
«„,_ rooms. • near Sanchez; 4
$2150— Twenty-fifth st near tm
S:^S-«'.-«f/i = .. M
¦ EASTON. ELDRID^F^ co «,= „
** M - a?sS-^flp'
K^r*'* v " »«• •".'; StA'*!:
I rents $251 pef month^ l frame building;
OO^fn^nSrovSts 81 -' near M *™'>
lot. 31x91:10 feet rents $73 per^month;
$8000— An elegant, modern renldpr,,. .
rooms and 2 baths, on nort™ lln/ tt o? of °
near Devisadero; lot 25xl27-8V r?Jt CIay 4t -
$7500-Close to Park Panhandle^ L ,
9-room residence on Baker sf in?' 2 a *i/vl e f ant
$700O-Bartlett st. near 22d- 3 1 fln? «°? fcet -
rear th cotta,e; lot 40x125 f? ? "ren^iS -S
$6250— Capp st. near 20th; 2 modern ««» ,
?ot an 2 d 5x T i 2 r o 0 °f^t and bath: rent » SftS SSJStS!
$2400— Clement st. near 5th ave * ¥*n '
containing.! room* and bath, stable f'l'ot MxWO
$2100— California ave.. close to Mlsalrm -»i
house; 2 flats of 3 and 4 rooms each- rent* fir'
per month: lot 25x70 feet." ' ents * lf
$2750— Eighteenth st. , near Mission • cntt,^
of 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x85 feet Cotta * e
$4500— Julian ave.. near leth: 2 flats atid r...
cottage: lot 30x100; rents $42 io per month
$2500— San Jose ave., near Roanok™ fnt */w
145 ft; cottage of 5 rooms and bath- rent
$16 50 oer month. ain> rent »
.*$5Op- : -Lot 40x145: San Jose ave.. near Roa-
noke.'
Further particulars' of BOVEE • rnv j.
SONNTAG, 621 Market st. ' . *
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Prices are advancing rapidly. Secure a lot
without delay.. ;. , . . ".
$100 to $450— Choicest Ocean Boulevard Lots'
all bargains. • ¦ , .*""'.
$500 to $1000 — Sunset lots our specialty all
graded, no one can beat us; Easy terms./ -
Sunset Branch Office, Oth'. ave., near H st -
$400 to < $800— Choicest Richmond lots se'lln*
fast. Install mentE. ....... ; .'
$1000, $1750 to $3500— Choice Cottage*, all
bargains, , easy terms. ¦¦¦¦¦. ¦¦¦¦¦. ¦ ,.« s --: .
¦¦ SOL GETZ »• BROTHER.
- Room • 64, . Chronicle Bldg.
R^ AI *- _ !r?lT.^T E ' — CXTY — FOR salb.
G. H. CMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery Street.
REAL ESTATE.
$110,000— Rents $800 per month; downtown ho-
_ t-el; secured lease; large lot. 54x137:6.
»..j,000 — Rents $415 per month;, 7 newly con-
structed and elegantly appointed flats,
near Sutter and Hyde ets.; large lot.
40x137:6. .
$S7.r>C0— Rents $230 per month; Ellis st. near
Taylor; substantial building of 30
rooms; under lease.
$26,000 — Rents $250 per month; corner opposite
Park Panhandle; new building, con-
taining 7 flats of 7, 8 rooms a^i bath
each; steadily rented. /
$25, COO— Rent $J<0 per month; corner Jon Van
Ness ave.; substantial bayAwindow
residence of 10 rooms and bath; 35x
100.
$22,500 — Corner on Vellejo et. ; an elegant resi-
dence of 17 rooms, handsomely fin-
ished; commanding a marine view;
larpe lot €6:9x137:6.
$20000— Rents $1SO per month; near Sixteenth
and Mission sts. ; 12 well-constructed
flats, steadily rented; 135x85.
$1S. 000— Rents ?1SO per month: Ellis et., near
Larkin st ; 3 modern flats and cottage
on rear street; 27:0x120; 2 friitages.
$17,300— Rents $100 per month;. near Harrison
and Third sts. ; improvements consist
of 6 substantial 2-etoi-y houses in per-
fect order and a large lot SOxSO; a
good buy.
$13,500 — Rents $102 50 per month; Post St..
near Laguna; 3 newly constructetd
flats of 8 rooms and bath each; 25:9x
Io7:<5.
$10.000— Rents $100 per month; McAllister St.;
3 modern flats of «, 7 rooms and bath
eacn; new l>' constructed; 25x1.57 :«.
X10.000 — Rents $35 per month; choice corner
on' Pacific et; good improvements; 3
front&ees.
$10,000— Rents $D2 50 per month: Masonic ave.:
3 newly completed tiats of e, 7 rooms
and bath each; substantially built; ;
25x106.
$9,000 — Bush st., near Gough st: well-built
2-story house of 10 rooms and bath
and large lot, 30x120 to rear street.
?S,o00 — Jackson st.. near Webster; wcll-bulit
2-story house of 10 rooms and bath;
large lot, 30x117 to an alley; choice
location; must sell; make offer.
$8, ,oO — Rents $75 per month; TTebster st. ; 2
newly constructed flats of C, 9 rooms
— « and b4t h each; elegantly finished.
$.,200— Rents $50 per month; Page St.; 2 flats
__ of «, 7 rocms and bath each; 25x137 :0.
f., 000— Rents $55 per month: near Flllmore
and Waller sts. ; 2 newly constructed
flats of 5 and e rooms and bath each;
rear portion of lot and fronting rear
ptreet vacant.
$6.500— Rents $47 50 per month: Lyon Bt..
near Park Panhandle: 2 flats of 6. 7
rooms and bath each; in good order;
25x100.
$6,000 — Rents $56 per month: Bush st: 3 flats
of 5, 7 rooms and bath each ; in good
order; brick foundation, etc.; 27:tix
137.
$6,000— Scott et.; well-built 2-story house of
7 rooms and bath; stable in rear;
driveway, etc.; 27:6x123 :«.
$5, GOO — Rents $45 per month; corner on Twen-
ty-third Bt; new building, containing
6tore and 2 flats of 4. 5 rooms and
bath each; £5x1 00.
$4,500— Haight st; well-built 2-story resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath, in perfect
order; nicely elevated and command-
ing a view; 25x100.
$3,750 — Rents $33 per month; Post st; 2 flats
of 4 rooms and bath each with rear
cottage of 3 rooms; must be sold to
close an estate.
Call or write for our "Real Estate Record."
containing a list of properties for eale In all
parts of the city.
Latest Pocket Man of San Francisco. 23c.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
Of Investment, Residence and Unimproved
Properties.
At our salesroom MONDAY. May 12, 1902,
At 12 o'clock noon.
EDWIN B. MASTICK ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court
Nos. 1 and 2 will be offered to close the
above estate.
No. 1.
No. 103 Commercial St., bet Drumm and
Davis; improvements consist of a two-story ,
brick building; lot 25x39:9.
No. 2.
The following Outside Lands blocks will be
offered as an entirety: Nos. 1035, 1036 1037
1039. 1109. 1110. nil, 1112 and portions of
blocks Nos. 10oS, 1040. 1108. 1113, 1114, 1115.
1116.
CHOICE ELLIS -ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 181SI .Ellis st., bet. Scott and Devisadero;
a substantial two-story and finished basement f
residence of 9 rooms and bath; eunny and de-
6irable; rent $37 30 per month; lot 25x137:6.
BUCHANAN-ST. INTVESTMENT. -
no. 14ua Buchanan st, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell; improvements consist of cottage of 4
rooms and 2 flats of 3-4 rooms each; rent $3»
per month; lot 23X1W.
GREEN-ST. INVESTMENT.
Noe. 717-719 Green £t, bet. Powell and Ma-
son; improvements consist of dwelling of 10
rooms and bath and 2 flats of 5-6 rooms and
bath esxh; bank mortgage of $3000 at 6 per
cent can remain; lot 46:6x137:6
LOMBARD-ST. COTTAGE.
No. 1017 Lombard st. bet Leavenworth and
Hyde; cottage of 5 rooms and bath with stable
In rear; lot 21x137:0.
N. D. THAYER ESTATE.
Executor Sale.
Subject to confirmation by the court
The following seven pieces of property offered
to close the above estate:
No. 1.
Lot 15, block 2, Lakeview Tract V"'
No. 2.
Lot 11, block 20, Lakeview Tract
No. 3.
Part of lot 1, block 12, Pioche & Robinson
subdivision.
No. 4.
Lots 10, 11 and 12. block 738, Outside Lands.
Part of lot 59, block 9.' Flint Tract Home-
stead Association. *««ue-
As^ation; "** **" Homestead
For catalogues and further particulars apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO
** ««_ t , Room 7tn noor ' Mm » building.
$4,000— York st. near 24th; two-story bay
window residence, 8 rooms and bath-
Mission warm belt.
$600 per lot; Richmond. 19th, 22d and 23d
aves.; lots all 25x120; street work
done.
$10.000 — Fclsom ft., near 6th; stores with
•tt «^ J?^™ 8 above -' re* 11 * $960 per annum.
fil.000 — O Farrell-st. comer; stores and flats-
annual rents $1104.
$6,750— Laurel st.. near Clay; house of two
Etories, unfinished basement and at-
tic; 9 rooms.
$3.100— Welsh st. near 4th; 5 flats.
$4,500 — 21st St., near Noe; 2-story dwelling 7
rooms and attic.
$5,000— 21st st. near Noe; 2-story and base-
ment dwelling. 7 rooms and unfinished
attic.
$20,000 — Corner on Fillmore st. fronting 55 ft
«.«-, *** on FUlmcre 6t - : a fine property.
$27.500— Turk st.. near Leavenworth; 50x87:6:
improvements rent for S97 50 per
month.
$6,500 — Octavla st. near Broadway; 2-story
bay window residence of 6 rooms and
bath.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.,
_ Mills Building.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
20 Montgomery st., room 11. .
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500— Cor. 50-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; flne \
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$41,000 — Good investment: Mission; nr. Sixth.
$17,500 — Three very etyllsh new sunny flats, 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store and flats: Larkln st,
near Geary; rents $70.
$10,000—3 sunny new 7-room flats, near Golden
Gate Park: grand view; rents $103.
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room flats; on Stevenson
st, near Thirteenth; rent $45.
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st. near Lyon-
flne adjoining lot, 27:6x100, for $3000*
$1,650 — Dirt cheap; NW. corner Sanchez and
Alvarado ets. ; 2«:6xlO5 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS
Installments; Eleventh ave., H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM. 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch office. Sunset, 1215 Ninth ave.
LOTS $150 AND $250 EACH.
$25 down, $3 and $10 monthly.
Greatest Surprise to Purchasers.
Have you seen our level Tract In thj Ex-
ceUior Homestead? Selling very fast
Near Mission Street and Electric Cars.
No trading, all fenced, Spring Valley Water.
Don't wait: see them to-day.
Get off Got. Mission st and Brazil ave.,
«alk short distance to our lots.
AL. SMITH. Local Agent, 450 Edinburgh st
POL GETZ Sl BROTHER,
Room 64, Chronicle BUlg. '
$4100— JULIAN ave.. bet. 15th and 16th; lot
30x100; improved.
f27P0 — 1513 Dolcres; 7 rooms, bath; lot 25x100.
$2200— £322 Harrison 1 ; 4 rooms, bath, barn; lot
27x112:6.
tV.Tift — Cottage 4 rooms; lot 23x70.
(3300 — Houre 10 room*, bath; modern; lot 23
X1O8. - .
1OO<! Pine st; 30 rooms, baths; lot 37-6
x76; make an offer.
PATTERSON & CO.. 11 City Hall Square.
A SACRIFICE— Cottage, S rooms, $1400; terms
eame as paying rent Apply southeast corner
Alabama and Montcalm ets.
$300 — LOT ready to build on: Sunnyside. THE
MCCARTHY CO., C4S Market Bt
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
LYON & HOAG, ' . V"
, "^ 116 Montgomery^ street '
FINE BUSINESS CORNER.-..
$7000 — Two buildings;' lower floor occupied by
a grocer, shoemaker and. produce dealer; flne
sunny flats on corner; < lot 50- by SO feet; total
rent $65. can be increased; situated ln a promi-
nent corner at the Mission."
. : " - A NORTHWEST CORNER. .
$7750— Haight st and Central ave.; 60 by
93:9- feet; -flne location for residence or flats;
close to the park. - ¦
¦ - CHEAP FLATS.
$2700 — Greenwich st.. near Larkln; 3 flats;
rent $24; key lot 27:4 by 137:6 feet.
'" CORNER STORE AND FLATS. ,-• VV
$9000 — Business corner on Sacramento • St.;
3-story, building; total rents 6 per cent . '
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$3500— 22d st.. bet Dolores and Church:
double 2-story house; rent $31; lot 30 by 80 feet
TWO MODERN FLATS.
$fcO0O — Sanchex st, near 16th; 2 substantially
bui.t flats of 4 and 6 rooms and bath each; rent
$40; lot 25 by 100 feet.
¦ • A RICHMOND HOME.
$1230- T Thlrty-flfth. ave.. near Point Lobos:
house containing 5 rooms and bath; lot 25 by
120 feet' --••'- .
RESIDENCE ON JONES ST.
$6000 — Expensively built house containing 10
large sunny rooms, bath and all conveniences;
extra large lot 40:8 by 137:6 feet; house cost
$9000 to build.- •
-..CHEAP RICHMOND LOTS.
$925 each — Fifth ave.. bet. Clement and Lake
sts.; 4 fine lots; ; Sacramento-st electric cars
pass the property. ¦
. FULTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
$4500— Two-story building. 2 .flats; .rent
$33 50; mortgage of $1800 can remain; Fulton
st, near : Laguna. '
RESIDENCE CLOSE TO THE PARK.
$6500 — Waller et, near Masonic ave.; 2-story
and basement house containing 9 rooms and
bath; lot 25 by 126 feet.
ANOTHER BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$4000- r Greenwich st., near Mason; 2 flats
containing 4 and 5 rooms, etc., each; cost $3500
to build 8 years ago; total rents $38.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery st
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS. '• ~
PARK PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
The grand block recently subdivided bound-
ed by Halght, Page, Masonic ave. and Central
ave. is selling very fast: 22 lots already sold;
18 left; we won't have them long; secure one
' at once. Prices only -
• . $2000 $2600
to $2750. ' All lots level and on grade with
streets. This Is the cream of Panhandle dis-
• trict. No lots will be sold for purposes other
than residences or flats. . No objectionable
improvements allowed in the block. You can
build without fear as to. your neighbors.
Title perfect. Remember, this block lies be-
tween the beautiful Buena Vista Park and
Golden Gate Park. See them to-day.
.-"... LYON &. HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
NELSON, • JOHNSON A CO.,
203 Montgomery st, opp. Mills Building.
51000 PROFIT 00 DAYS
$8,500— Rents $1170; 3 new up-to-date flats of
6 rooms and bath and 2 rear flats of 4
and 6 rooms; handsome and attractive,
with 5 .bay windows, tiled mantels.
• combination gas and electric fixtures,
etc.; lot 25x125 feet; small street, one-
. . . half block from Fillmore-st. cars; new;
• $1000 bank mortgage can remain at 6
per cent j
.t *~. ,«: AT A SACRIFICE.
$5,500— Fronting on Duboce Park; 2 attractive,
well-built sunny bay-window flats of
5 and 6 rooms and bath; building alone
cost $6000; choice surroundings.
.,«r«5v BUSINESS CORNER.
$16,500— Rents $1BSO; store (under lease) and
3 elesant flats; S2-foot corner; best
business in Western Addition.
$9,000 — Rents $1080; new building (1 year
old), containing store and rooms and 2
j flats; electric lights, porcelain baths,
-etc.; lot 25x122:6; on Folsom st
$3,600— Rents $480; all rented; 5 attractive
. flats in first-class condition near Fifth
and Folsom sts.
NEW BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS
$14,500— Rents $1440: 3 handsome modern 'flats.
6-6-7 . rooms, all rented ; choice loca-
"iH ir» O'FARRELL-ST. FLATS.
$12,600 — Three elegant modern flats of 7 rooms
and bath; north side; lot 27x127:6
-, feet; rents $1200. % -
"- NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.,
203 Montgomery st.; opp. Mills building. :
JO3EPH STRAUB, Real Estate Agent.
850 Market st.: telephone Grant 177
•* *~* ~ Rents Collected.
$3,000 — Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath.
•* r™ 2,™ Clemen tlna st.. -near 6th; lot 20x80.
$3,500 — Two cottages on Filbert st near Flll-
•«/^» ; more; lot 2a :S*120; two frontages.
$35,000— Best opportunity to-day; 12 flats and
-,"\< residence with stable; pays D per cent;
ml «™ \^?* V must leave on account sickness.
$6,000 — Two-story house, 0 rooms, bath, base-
ment, laundry, garden; everything !n
good order; lot 25x02; Buchanan st.
$S,500— Jackson st, near Baker; three modern
flats; rents $81 00 per month.
$10,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x08- pn
Scott st, near Geary; worth $12,000.
ALAMEDA — Modern bay-window house of 5
. rooms, bath, pantry and finished base-
ment; windmill, greenhouse, summer-
house, blrdhouse, etc.; nearly half an
: '_ acre of land; convenient to both trains
and electric 'road: will be sold on ac-
count of departure I for $4000; part
cash; excellent neighborhood; inves-
. ' tlrate. - ... . .¦- •
A very flne residence of 12 rooms, bath, pantry,
etc.: furniture, stable and outhouse;
" windmill; lot 125x230; corner, fronting
on three streets. r
Mill Valley — Cottage ot 4 rooms, furnished; loc
126x300; price $2000. :
Shasta County — 640 acres of white oak.
, JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
YOUR RENT WILL BUY A HOME!
You pay $25 for a. rented house, perhaps an
old one. with no-improvement. For a first pay-
ment of $300 and the balance . in the same
monthly payments ihat you are now wasting
in rent, we will sell yon a new modern cottage.
Look at our new 5 and 6 room cottages, 632
Douglass and 831 Alvarado st. Heyman Tract.
Take MIssion-st. car and' transfer to22d st
For particulars apply to the office. Open for
Inspection. Keys at corner grocery, corner 24th
and Douglass. JACOB HEYMAN CO., owners,
117 Sutter St.- .
SILVER ave.; lots $350, $10 down,* $5 per
month. . . ' -
. $150 — $5 down, $1 per month, Ocean Boule-
vard lots.
$50 — $5 down., $1 per month, Alvin Tract,
Elmhurst; level and fronting railroad station;
10 minutes' ride from Oakland. JACOB HEY-
MAN CO., 117 Sytter st
LOTS — Beautifully located. Heyman Tract. $200
and up; $10 monthly Installments. JACOB
HEYMAN CO.. 117 Sutter at ;
RHODE ISLAND st— L6t 25x100; 8-room
modern house; good stable; price $2300; terms
$500 cash, balance monthly payments of $20.
De Haro St.; lot 25x100; good 5-room cottage;
stable, windmill and tank; price $2000; terms
$300 cash, balance $15 a - month. .
• Choice . building lots on easy payments.
Choice rental and investment property at bar-
gain prices. City real estate a specialty.
Attention given . to -renting ' and . collecting
rents. . G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. bet 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. ..-;-..¦..
"OCEAN VIEW, 1 Is booming; finest car ser-
vlce every 10 minutes. '.
You never will secure a suburban home in
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
FOR Sale — As a whole or In subdivisions, 50-
vara lot, south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Let, ' northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
: 324 Montgomery st."
$4600 — TWO flats of 5 rooms each: large. base-
. ment • with two finished rooms;" water and
gas; lot 23x114. Apply 201 Corbett^ave., be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth and Hat-
¦. tio and Danvers sts; . ' .
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st, at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
I view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit Apply
on premises.
FOR. sale — Nice nearly new modern cottage; a
¦ ' bargain ; part - cash, - balance i to ! suit buyer.
918 Diamond st.; 1- to 4 p. m.
$1600 — COTTAGE near MIssion-st. car house
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st. ; '
FOR sale — House and lot 50x104. Inquire at
- 860 Twenty-fourth st, near Bryant
FOR sale— Elegant new modern cottage: same
as rent. WELLS & SAUNDER8 U50 Mar-
ket st. . r •."-..-
INVESTMENT property; pays $750 per month
; THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st
; RE All E STATE— COUXTR Y—W or Sale
$2500—80 ACRES, near Los Gatos; rich soil-
will exchange for , San Francisco ptod-
erty and pay cash difference. . •
Menlo Park — 5-acre lots; cheap; send for new
map.
Napa residences-Clear; exchange for Oakland
residence and ' pay difference. ¦
$7500^ — Modern residence; Western Addition*
half in orchard or orchard land bal-
;.'-" • ance fi ner cent. ' •
WM. GORDON GRIFFITH. Hearst bldg. :
FOR farms, fruit and grazing lands and a tock
. ranches call or write < for descriatlve cata-
logue. ROTHERMEL *. MERRELL,
¦ ¦ • .507, California st :
STOCK ranch. 1600 acres.' less than $3 an acre
.with , house, barn and ; grain" land for hay;
well watered, with springs and creek: abund-
- ance of oak timber; near railroad; in Red^
wood Valley, between Uklah and Wllllts: re-
-, . duced to $4500. ... ......
ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 807 California.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR . SALE.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,' ¦
, : ¦ . . 22 MONTGOMERY ST.
¦ BUSH ST., INSIDE OF LARKIN. ».
$7,000 — Two-story basement house of 14 rooms;
• large lot 30x137:6. - ' . :
• - NEAR FOURTH AN^D HOWARD. ;
$6,000— House, and" large; lot 68:9x80; flats
. would pay big Interest* '..
MASONIC- AVE. RESIDENCE.
$6,700— Fine new -¦ 2-story, - attic and basement
' house of ,10 rooms on main floors; bll-
¦ ¦ liard-rooom,' in basement; -beautiful
•' garden and grand marine view. ¦-' - -.
' LEAVENWORTH-ST. ¦ INVESTMENT.
$7,000 — Rents $54 ; 4 . houses ' of 5 rooms and
bath each; large lot 80x00; bank mort-
gage of $4000 can remain.
-¦HOWARD ST., NEAR THIRD.
$C, 500— House of 10 rooms and bath ; new
plumbing; rent $40 per month; a choice
. investment upon which ! a large profit
¦ ' ¦', . should be realized, v .' . '¦ -'
WESTERN . ADDITION COTTAGE.
$5,000 — Lovely cottage of 7 rooms, porcelain
¦ bath; 2 toilets; concrete basement and
_ ' r — yard; Scott, near Hayes.
. - LARKIN-ST. LOTS. ,i "
$2,500 each — Three elegant level lots, near
,. Pacific ave.; 25x87:6; only $100; per
'.¦ front foot ' ' • ' ' ¦¦;¦¦"'",-
PAYS 10 PER CENT NET.
52,600-7-Store and flat of 6 rooms; in flne con-
• ¦ dition ; near. Fourth . and Folsom.
PAYS 18 PER CENT, NET ON EQUITY.
$5,000 — Powell st. near Clay; 3-story , build-
ing; mortgage $3000 can remain. I '
' CHEAP LOTS.
$850— Church, near Twenty- third; 25x75.
$1,750— Seventeenth, near Diamond; 29x75. .
- $750— -Seventeenth, near Douglass; 25x85.
$1.000— Geary, near Central; 25x100.11 .
$2.600- v Halght, near Baker; 25x100.
' $2,250— Folsom, near 25th; 25xl22>6.
HARRISON-ST. . BARGAIN.
$5,000— Lot 50x75, with coal yard, house and
stable; rents $30;. lot alone worth $7500.
CHEAP FOLSOM-ST. CORNER.
$4,000 — Lot 38x75; only 3 blocks from City
. • Hall; Just the place for stores and
flats.
LAGUNA-ST. CORNER FLATS.
$1,100 — Two elegant new flats, 6 and 7 room« <
each; rents $85 per month. '-..•¦
INSIDE PROPERTY. >
$52,000— Rents $385; new 4-story building down
• town; large lot, 63x137:6. .
CLAY-ST. CORNER RESIDENCE. -- •
$7,500 — Fine house of 9 rooms and bath; large
lot, 30x110.
WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,500— Rents $115; tenants pay water; 3 new
flats, 7 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
XlOO.
O. P. BALDWIN & SON.
McAFEE BROTHERS... 1108~ Montgomery st
. ELLIS STREET.
Fine residence of 7' large rooms; north side
of Ellis st. near Buchanan; could be easily
changed Into flats; price only $7000.
AN INVESTMENT.
One of the best-known private hotels in the
city; flne corner lot; owned by estate: bringing
good income; heirs anxious to sell; this splen-
did property can be bought at a bargain; price
•ONLY $1000. '
6-room cottage, near 12th and Harrison sts.;
needs .some repairing; flne chance for carpenter.
A snap — In Mission warm belt; flne corner
on Twenty-first st., near Valencia; 12-room
house; property 6tands the owner over $9000;
would make a flne business corner; price re-
duced to $5750 to make a quick sale. -
WALLER-ST. HOME, NEAR SCOTT.
Two Etories and basement; 7 rooms and bath;
In flne condition; lot 30x110; will exchange, for
smaller property; price $5250. ... .
RICHMOND LOTS.
Block bounded by Clement, Fourteenth and
Fifteenth aves. ; very cheap lots; $700 and up-
ward; street work all done; send for plats. . '
MASON ST., NEAR UNION.
Three-story hoiise; 2 frontages; cheap; $4000.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE. - ,
Fine 8-room cottage on north side of street:
sunny key. lot; price $6000. or will take unim-
proved Panhandle property; no reasonable offer
refused. , :¦ ¦
SHRADER STREET.
Best block; flne modern flats, 5 and 6 rooms-
rent $57 60; price $6250.
• ' CORNER LOT.
On Pacific Heights, 30x110; - fine marine
view; price $4500. .
FULTON STREET.
Lot on Fulton St.. near Flllmore; 32:6x137:6:
price $3750. .
TWENTIETH-ST. LOTS. J
Two lots, all ready to build on, 60x114, be-
tween Church and Sanchez sts. ; price $750 each
ONLY $900."
Two good lots on Alvarado st. between 22d
and 23d, 50x114 feet; a snap.
DEVISADERO ST., NEAR GEARY.
Lot and Improvements; 55x100 feet; fine
business property; price $12,000; make offer.
; •' ON ASHBURY ST. " ,
37x90 feet; a cheap lot; only $1600. •
- ' CLAY STREET. ¦
In Presidio Heights: 25x102 feet: price $2000.
, McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery Bt.. San Francisco.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.)
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED. .
$13,500— McAllister, near Steiner; ¦ 25x137:0:
2. modern flats; rents $115. ¦ • •¦
$10,250 — Corner Third and Harrison; 20x37:6;
store and flat; rent $65. ' • " . • •
$10,000 — Flllmore. nr. Pacific; 30x112:6; house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $C5. ' .
$8250 — Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
street; house of 9 rooms 'and 2 rear flats;
rents $64. •
$7600— Union, nr. Dupont; 2-3x69; three-story
house; rents $75.
$7500— Clay, nr. Baker: 27:6x85; -2 bay-win-
dow flats: rents $55. •
$6250 — Vallejo, nr. Mason; 98x137:6, with L
39:6x60; flats and cottages; rents $96.
$5000 — Leavenworth st.,'- near Union; 25x
112:6; 3 new flats; rent $53. • • . -» . - : ¦• .
• $5000 — Pacific ave.. near Polk; 25x100; 2 flats
$4500— Bartlett, nr.' 24th; 25x117:6 to rear
street; 2 bay-window flats; rents $38.
. UNIMPROVED. .
$17,000 — Sansome, near Green; 83:6x137:6.
California, near Webster; 2 lots, each 25x
137:6.
$9500 — Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:Cx
107:8%. - . •
• $0000 — Oth, near Harrison; 75x100.
$5000 — Green, near Polk; 50x115. •
$7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x86:11.
$6500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 43:10x137:6."
' $5250 — Corner Jackson and ..Locust; -37:6x
102:8%.
$5000 — Cor. 24th and Balmy sts.; 50x75; will
subdivide. : . ' ' '• •.
$3500 — Devisadero, near Union; 33x100. - '¦¦¦
$3500 — Fulton st, near. Fillmore; 32:6x137:6.
$3000 — Clay, near Lyon; 27:6x100; key lot
$2500— Union, nr. Webster; 34:4%xl37:A. -
$2100 — Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97:6. . -
$2000 — Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51:8x114.
51400 — McAllister^ near Wlllard; 25x100.
$1300 per lot — Bryant ave., near Twenty-
sixth; 2 lots, each 26:8x100.
$1000 — 17th. near Uranus; 25x100.
$1000 — Sanchez, near Eighteenth; 23x105.
$900 per lot — York, near Twenty-sixth; 2 lots,
each 26:8x100.
$85 a front foot — Mission, nr. Twenty-eighth.
400 lots. $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. • ' ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦-.*;"
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS.
i . " 114 Montgomery st
$20,000 — A rare chance; elegant residence; -flne
. v .view;" beautiful garden- and lawn;
, stable; near Park;- 100x186. -:.-::-¦
$15,000 — Beautiful corner . residence, 12 rooms;
all modern conveniences; 1 block from
Park; 50x110.
$15,000 — Three handsome new flats, 7 rooms and
¦ bath; modern and up to date; "rents
¦ . $127 60; lot 25x155. ¦ ~
$ll,000- : -Northwest corner on Fell stl : flne
residence, 9 rooms and bath; 25x106:3.
$8,000 — Snap; elegant residence; north side
Fell st; flne view of Park; 10 rooms
and bath; 25x100.
$8,500 — Two new flats, 6 and 7 rooms; mod-
ern; up to date: rents $75; Waller st.',
' near Park; 25x125. ,
$7,500— Rents $67 50; 2 modern flats. 6 and 7
rooms; east side of street; 25x134:8%.
$7,000 — Two flne new flats of 6 a«d 7 rooms;
. north side; rent $67 80; 25x100. -
$6,500 — Two flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
.• rent $55; Clayton st. : 25x106:3.
$0,000— Clayton st. near Halght; 2 flats, 5
and 6 rooms; . 25x125.
$5,500— Two-story residence, 8 rooms' and
bathi on north side of Fulton st. : 25x
,137:6. ' .
$4,500 — Fine lot for flats: Page st, not far
. from Market; 30x120; see this at once
$4,750— Key lot 27:6x137:6; snap for 3 flats. I I
at this; 36:6x87:6; Lyon st, near
." California. .... ,=.-,1 ...
• : $2,260— Belvedere st.,' near ¦ Waller: | j 25x120;
cheapest lot In district for the money.
$1,650 — Parnassus ave.; key ' lot ; north • side :
"25x137:6. - . •'- •
$1.600— De Long ave., nr. Frederick St.; 30x85.
$1,200— Cor. > at. and Perry' ave :
26:6x96. /, V. >¦ . : -:
$5 A MONTH — Level building lots; near Ken-
¦ tucky st. and : Potrero. : . = .
' $5 a month^-Bulldlng lots; graded and sew-
ered; 1 block "from Twenty-second st.
• $10 a month— Level ' building lots, '25x125
each; street work done and only 125 feet from
; Guerrero-st car line. .- , ,
$10 a . month— Lot on Eleventh ave.,. near
Kentucky, st. ; graded and sewered.
. Level lots In ' Richmond on Thirteenth ave.,
near .Clement st • :•
$3000— Flats, near 20th and Castro, on easy
monthly : Installments. • .< . J ,-.'-vV-.'
'¦-.¦•'' • r i
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St. ;
$100 EACH— 25x125; near. 2 car llnes. ; .
¦ ' $350 * each — 26x140; , 2 ; frontages; Banks, . nr
" Jefferson.^ria^*^*S i 5SS^^it»^«W*wi*S»-A6a»
i $850-:B st. :•< nr. - 14th ave.: 36:6x158. .'
! $1250- ; -Geneva. '-nr.v San ¦¦ Jose . ave. ; 57xl70i
: . 114; 2 car lines. ,,' ." • ? . ' ¦ ' .. ..
:' Apply : Central LoanCo., Inc.,* 129 Powell st.
CONKLIN, FULLINGTON-& CO.. {¦--•!
' " "¦-•¦ . : . .' 710 'MARKET ST. : "
i, jn.OOO^-Income property; • good ; value.
$4150— Good house, ,7, rooms, barn; 57x123."
• • $26507— Nice; cottage, ¦; good' valuer to ¦ see .Is
' to, buy."- :; ¦, " . ,-- . ¦ c-vv »>. • •., ¦-• , ¦ -.-¦
' Ranches, vineyards and oil lands.
$650— -SAN;' JOSE; .cottage," i6 'rooms;' barn;
. must be: sold for, Jialf, Its ..value. ... J. RUBEL,
; 1209 Eagle ave.,". Alameda. ; ' v ; ,'
FOR' '.'sale— rSeveral- i 6-room f. 2-story modern
.•'; houses;' easy . terms.' C Address box ; 1618," Call,"
$2500— 5 ROOMS and bath. ¦ THE MCCARTHY
CO., 640 Market st . *¦ ;'..-.
nRAI. KSTATE— CITY—POR^ _SALB.
SHAINWAI.D, BUCKBEE & CO., . .! •
.REAL KSTATE AGENTS, .¦/¦'.
' . . >¦ 218-220 Montgomery st.
: We desire to notify the buying public | that
we 'have 'a number -of .first-class .investments
»:ndcr contract at- very low figures. Principals
may call and set lull particulars.
$13,500 — Fulton, near Steiner st; elegant mod-
• • era - residence of 15 rooms and bath;
¦ lot 37:6x137:6 feet; . a' bargain.
$2, SCO— -Douglass st, near 17th; good 2-stcry
house of 7 rooms and bath, stable and
¦ well; lot 54x137 :6~ to. rear street; an-
'. other bargain... ¦ , .
$2,500— Broadway,- near Taylor st.;. frame cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; lot 22x62:6
' feet;' grand view; very central. ,¦:'¦'," -v
$31,500 — Bush, near Hyde st; 14 flats: rents
; ' '$205 monthly always rented; lot 66x
.117 feet: fine tpvestment. > ,
$3,700— California -st, between First and Sec-
ond aves. ; 2-story hause, 7 rooms and
bath; hardwood floors; lot 23x62:6 feet.
$3,500-7-Washlngton st, near Cherry ;.. grand
¦ ¦ marine .view; lot 35x118 feet;; a pesi-
- ' tlve bargain, -i ¦¦: , ,¦ .
$45,000 — Jones st, near Turk; lot 55x82:6 feet;
frame improvements rent for $170 per
month; further particulars at ou 1 * of-
¦ ' :flce.' ¦ . .¦'¦¦;¦ ."' - ¦' • ¦
$6,760 — Leavenworth st, near: Broadway: four
.- . 2-story houses In good condition; rents
$64; lot 80x60 feet.
$12,500 — Grove st, near Larkin; lot 30x120,
with 'fine building of store and 2 up-
-• . per floors; rents $45; 1 block from
¦ City Hall. ., ¦ .
$2,500— Zoe Bt., bet. Bryant and Brannafi and
Third and Fourth;-, tenements; lent
" - $30; lot 25x70 feet; a bargain.
$18,000 — McAllister, r.ear Pierce; 3 elegant new
flats, just I finished ; 0, 7 and 8 rocms
and baths; -rents $155 monthly; . lot
» 25x100 feet. ¦ • • i
$10,750— Twenty-second st, near Valencia; a
snap; 4 flats on lot 44x114 and vacant
lot adjoining of 21x114 feet; flats rent
for $72; entire lot 65x114 feet; must
sellto clcee- estate: a bargain.
$4,750 — Clay, st., near Fillmore;- good 2-story
. house of 7 rooms and bath; 'lot 25x
102:8%; best section in the Western
Addition. .
$5,750— Sutter st, near Lyon; 3-story house;-
. . stable; cottage in rear; total rent $50;
lot 27:0x137:6.. •
$17.500— Devisadero st. near O'Farrell; 5 flats
of 6, 7 rooms each: total rents' $119;
always rented; lot 50x125 and L 27:6x
' 45. , . ¦ ' "¦ - - -': ¦
$10,500 — Valencia st., near 19th; improvements
- - - 2 stores and "3 flats; monthly rents
, $70; lot 25x80 feet; pays 7 per cent.
$4,760— Golden Gate ave.. near Buchanan st;
frame residence; lot 27:6x137:6; a bar-
1 gain. .- \
$2,300 each— Dolores st, near ' 15th; : lots
23x95 feet each; ready to' build on.
$25,000 — Mission St., near 8th; lot 39x160 feet
to i rear street; Improvements brick
building and 2 frame houses ln rear;
flne investment. -.
$6,500 — Sutter st. near Octavla; 2-story bay-
window residence of 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x110; rents $30. ;
$26,250— Bush st. near Taylor, N. line; im-
provements 3-story Tind basement resi-
dence, 14 rooms and 2 baths, and 2-
story frame residence of 7 rooms and
. . bath; lof 51:11x137:6 feet. Full par-
ticulars at this office." • - *
NW. corner Sutter, Inside of Polk St.; frontage
on three streets. Thfe most desirable
corner on this- street left for hotel
purposes.
$6,500 — Halght st, near Pierce, fine residence
of 10 rooms .and bath. Owner would
stay as tenant at $45 per month on a
lease; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$1,200 — One-half of outside land block; 212x
240 feet Irregular. A bargain for an
investor. , ,
$12,500 — Reduced from $15,000;' Clay st ; near
. Buchanan; elegant residence, 12 rooms
and bath; six. bedrooms; everything
modern and substantial; one of the
prettiest residence lots ln town; < lot
; 31:3x127:8^ ft. Permit to Inspect
on application at this office
$2,750— Twenty-fourth st", nr. Diamond; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114
$2,800— Folsom St.. rear 15th; lot 25*122-6
feet; a bargain. - - ¦
$25,000— Franklin-st. corner, near Washington*
. substantial residence of 12 rooms and
2 baths; hardwood floors; lot 55x137-8
$12,000— N. line of McAllister st. : downtown-
store and 2 flats; new; rent $92- pays
over 7 per cent net. ¦
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale. ,
EHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
CENTER t SPADER.
.„!! Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$50,000— Larkln st. not far from Ellis; substan-
tial Improvements; pays 5 per cent"
large lot. over 60 feet front; partlcu-
• Iars at office.
Pacific ave. — Choice corner CO-vara lot, inside
Octavla, 127:6x137:0. commanding flne
._*_ v » e wof.the bay; -nol,. another piece -ot.
Its size on the avenue for Rale; par-
ticulars to principal at office. •
$o,oOO — fanap; rents $000 per annum: two
. modern flats on j 22d St., near Valen-
cia. 5 and 6 rooms; never vacant; lot
- 25x114; this • property must be sold
¦ immediately. • .''¦.•¦ . .. .¦¦¦¦¦
. $2,500— Rents $25 per month; 2 flats on Bry-
¦***» ant st, near 19th; lot 25x100.
$16,000— Snap; rents $145; 3 modern flats on
Sacramento st : contains 7, • 8 and ; 8
rooms, basement,- etc. ; lot 25x130. -:
; $15,000 — Rents $1450; Buchanan st; just fin-
ished; 3 up-to-date flats, 7, 8 and 8
. rooms; porcelain tubs; patent wash
trays; : electric appliances, etc.; lot
25x110.
$6,600 — $720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
if, ed; large lot, 44x80; Clara st., near
' • Sixth.
Block on Folsom and 20th sts. and Treat ave.,
ln subdivisions of 25x122:6 and 25x95;
-one-third cash, 6 per cent Interest;
• streets paved with bituminous rock.
and cement sidewalks.
$2,650 — Snap; 2-story houee, 6 rooms, on Shot-
well St.. near 20th, renting for $20;
lot 30x122:0; stable in rear; lot worth
:• price asked; don't miss this. • , ,
$3,700 — Post St., near Scott; another snap; lot
26x87:6; with two cottages; rents $25.
$1,300 each — 3 large lots, 28x96 each, on Al-
, pine st, near Ridley; extended view;
close to Halsrht-st cars. -
$12,600 — Choice NE. cor. Howard and 24th sts.;
modern' building, flats and stores; rents
$110; lot 35x92. .
$7,500 — Howard . st, near 24th: two 2-story
houses; rents $45; lot 60x92; 30 feet
unimproved: very cheap.
We have several good blocks and corner lots
for tale in Mission and Potrero suitable for
factory purposes; also residence lots close to
Union Ironworks, all sizes and prices; send or
call for particulars. CENTER & SPADER.
HAWKS & SKELTON,;
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
' v . . v :. .-' of Property. •
¦ $40,000 — Investment in this city; 22 acres on
popular drive; street cars near by; some build-
ings; good soil; might be subdivided now at. a
good profit or held for a few years and Increase
greatly in value. •
$60,000 — Kearny-st property, paying 6 per
cent net; good brick building; in heart of re-
tail district. ' ' .
$14,000 — Lot on Drumm at. - near Market.
22:11x70; only $610 per foot; new building go-
Ing up adjoining and another designed to go
up soon; will pay well to Improve.
$2700— Pays big interest: $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe St.. near Third and Brannan; in good
repair. ¦ . ' • • i ¦' - '¦¦
$3500— North side Sutter st.. between Baker
and Lyon; good house.. 7 rooms and bath. .
$4000 — Lot on Leavenworth St., near Green;
; 60x60; close to Hyde or Union st. cars; will
pay well If improved. •
•- $4500 — Lot on Chestnut st. near Stockton;
68:9x137; street accepted;, will pay well to Im-
prove; will divide In three lots If desired.
$6600 — Lot S. side Jackson St., near Walnut;
50x100; near cars and Presidio. ..^ .:
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
F. R. GRANNIS, -
-. Real Estate, 322 Montgomery st.
$10,600— Special; Pine st, near Taylor; sunny
. side; 28-foot front; 2 houses, 8 rooms
. each; worth double In- 2 'years.
$5,800 — Good 10-room house; Webster st, near
, Pine;' lot worth $4250. .
$7,500— Clay St.. near Brpderlck ; lot 57 :6x
127:6 and 2 cottages; make offer.
$8,000— Splendid home, 13 rooms; Bush st.r
"east of Larkln; 30x137.- .
$5,000 — Good 6-room * house; Clay st., near
•" Steiner; 25x102; well rented.
$5,500— Fine 9-room house; north side Sac-
ramento st, near Pierce; 25x128. ,
$725— Snap; lot 25x100; on California st
' south, : near : First ave. - .
. . • ' / . F." R. GRANNIS,
jj Real Estate, 322 ; Montgomery st. ,
$1050-tFINE building 'lot on Chattanooga st,
near 22d; can be bought at a bargain, as
owner Is very anxious to sell.
$360— Choice corner lot at Ocean View; can
be bought very cheap ; cars pass ¦ the
: property; 25x125; will pay well to im-
.' _•_¦': ' .prove. ''¦¦'¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' '¦¦•¦¦'¦ - ¦' ¦ • '
?250 — DO YOU BELIEVE In property , In the
sand south of = the PARK? Here is a
' ' chance. 'A large CORNER, 70x100.
$1250 — A nice cottage home on Fairmount St.,
'¦'- near Chenery; CHEAP. . ¦ , . 5r
i ,-,i McEWEN: BROS.,. 118 Montgomery st.V'
CITY OF RICHMOND-rlnvest your savings ln
the new manufacturing town; lots from $180
—$23 cash, $5 per month; Santa Fe Railroad
Standard Oil Company, Southern Pacific Com-
'¦¦ : . pany— all meet at Point Richmond; splendid
opportunity for' investment;- send , for free
. maps and all Information. . Richmond Land
Company ? (Inc.), • 182 Crocker building, San
;' ¦ Francisco. Cal. *. ¦ . ' ,-' ¦; . ¦¦ • ' -
NEW double bay:. window cottage 6 rooms and
bath; Mississippi Bt.,' near Twenty-fifth: close
to Union 1 Iron .Works; /. easy i installments.
, . Owner. 2251 Market st. , ¦ bet. / 15th and 16th.
FOR sale— On Lake st. ,' near Fifth ave. ,» house
¦ . finished' in' natural- wood;; 2 ¦ open " fireplaces j ;
2-story basement. , attic. F. B. Southworth on
premises Sunday; or, R. 1415 Call bldg. : v ? , ;
$5500 — DOWNTOWN 1 lot ready to build on-
.will pay 8 per cent .THE MCCARTHY CO.,
;. : '646 Market et.' '-.¦'.".¦[;¦'_¦. v, -,"'¦? ;.^;.. ;_•: :--.¦¦-..'-,:.
NEW- modern " 5-room i cottage; bath; '• ' cement
; trays; cheap; Army and Harrison sts. ,
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— -FOR- SALE:
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$3000 — 4th ave., near Clement st. ; splendid
cottage of 6 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, etc.; lot 25x120.
$6000— Rents $000 per year; 22d st, near
Valencia; lot 25x114; 2 flats of 0 and 6
rooms and bath each; also rear house
of 4 rooms and bath.
$12.000— Mission warm belt; Liberty st, near
Valencia; large building, suitable for
doctor's private home or sanitarium;
lot &0xll4.
$10,500— Bush tt., near Taylor; rents, $90 per
month; splendid 3-story bay-window
building; inside location; worth inves-
tigating. < .
$9000 — Business corner; pays 10 per cent net;
large lot. 75x75; lot alone worth $7500;
improvements consist of store and
flats; new throughout; sanitary plumb-
ing, etc.; store used as a grocery;
thickly populated district, south of
Market st. i .
$3G00 — Rents $3i> per month; near corner of
Folsom and Tenth; 4 separate flats;
splendid repair; good tenants; lot 27x
75; worth investigating. ' ' '
$40.000— Full 50-vara lot. 137:0x137:0; old
buildings at present rent for $232 60
per month; only 2 blocks from Mar-
ket st; a handsome Increase can be
realized ln the near future.
$0250 — Price reduced from $7500; owner anx-
ious to sell; lot 50x75; 6 flats on Rltcb
et, near Third and Brannan; rents $73
per month. - . ¦ • •
$4500 — Terms easy; Castro st, near 21st' Et;
new modern, up-to-date house of- 7
rooms and bath; lot 25x125; open to-
day (Sunday).
$4000— 2d st, near Bryant; lot 22:6x74; 2
flats of 7 and S rooms and bath each;
rents $32.
$43.000 — N. E. business corner, on prominent
thoroughfare in Western Addition;
new building; stores and flats; large
lot. 63x110', pays over all expenses sy a
per cent net.
$27,500 — Corner on Kentucky St., close to
Union Iron Works; frame buildings in
houses and flats; rents low at $155 per
month; extra large lot, with 3 front-
ages; 75x200. I
$2700 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, in splen-
did repair; lot 25x100; Twentieth St..
near Castro. We can arrange terms. !
¦ $12.000 — O'Farrell st. near Devlsadero; mod-
ern building of 3 flats; rents $02 50 per
month; lot 27x137:0.
$1700 — Stone st. off Washington, near Pow-
ell; splendid 3-story frame building of
12 rooms, bath, etc ; same tenant for
years; pays $18 net per month; can be
easily increased.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION— AT AUCTION! .
Extraordinary Auction Sale Without Limit or
Reserve.
SATURDAY MAY 10th, 1902, at 1:30 p. m.
AT LIBRARY HALL,
SAN MATEO.
Opposite the Depot
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
97 BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
IN SAN MATEO PARK.
The most beautiful suburban park on the
peninsula.
Each lot consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees.
Terms— 1-3 cash, balance can be paid ln one
or two years.
"San Mateo Park," formerly the celebrated
"Clark Tract," and owned by the same parties
since 1858. has recently been subdivided Into
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
each. Wide and winding avenues have been
laid out and thousands of costly shade trees
border the property.
San Mateo is the ideal suburban residence
property adjoining Ean Francisco, being only
14 miles distant from the city's southern limit,
with many trains to and fro each day. Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line. Suburban electric
trains will shortly be in operation between
San Francisco and San Mateo, 'running half-
hourly.
San Mateo Park only 10 minutes' walk from
the railroad station is situated on the sunny
slopes of gently rolling ground commanding
an enchanting view, surrounded by beautiful
homes, grounds, drives, etc., and this sale af-
lords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
ers of suburban homes that will be offered for
many years.
San Mateo Is a place of ideal homes, com-
manding, as it does, all the convoniences of the
city with the comfort and pleasures of the
country.
San Mateo has many attractions unequaled
by any other suburban locality. The educa-'
tional facilities are abundant Public schools,
kindergartens and private high class academies
for boys and girls.. . .. . ..,.. ... . .-. - - .-
There are a number of churches of different
denominations.
The beautiful cottages and mansions, vast
estates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubbery
and flowers, everywhere to be seen, the many
delightful drives and the beach for bathing are
but a few of Its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lot
for your cottage, your bungalow or your villa.
Excureion rate 60 cents for the round trip.
Including lunch.
Special trains leave Third and Townsend sts.
on Saturday, May 10. at 9, 10:30 and 11:30
a. m., returning from San Mateo at 3:27, 4:31,
5:23 and 6:40 p. m.
Catalogues, maps and full Information at the
office of
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST..
Ops, Kearny, Real Estate Agents
and Rent Collectors.
$175,000 — Corner within 2 blocks from Market
and Powell sts. ; modern brick build-
ing; stores and 100 rooms; rents
about $900.
$67,500 — Brick building: stores and offices;
lot 70x108 ft; 2 frontages; rents $575.
$55,000 — Half block from Orpheum; one block
from proposed Crocker Hotel and new
Flood building; stores and lodging-
houses.
$50,000 — O"Farrell-st corner. Inside of Larkln;
! 70x77:6 feet: rents $2S5; mortgage
. $24,000 can remain.
$45,000 — Second-Bt. corner, few blocks from
Market st; partly improved; lot 130
xlOO feet.
$40,000 — Corner: vicinity Fillmore and Geary;
rents $290; stores and flats; large lot.
$35,000 — McAllister-street corner. 85x98; good
improvements; rents $220.
$35,000 — Sansome-st corner; lot 70x108 ft;
2 frontages; brick building ; rents $257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner; 3 stores and 6
flats: buildings cost ?25.0O0; lot 68:9
x71; rents -T2450 per year.
$30,000 — Geary st, near Jones; flne improve-
ments; rents $170.
$22,600 — North Beach gore corner, 75x110
feet; stores and flats: rents $215.
$9,000 — Rents $103; -lot 60x80; downtown in-
vestment
$5,600 — Geary-fct. corner; 62 feet frontage;
halt of property improved; a cheap
buy.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000 — Modern Jackson-st. residence: twelve
rooms and baths; rents $100; near
Alta Plaza. *
$7,600 — Cory Page-st. residence, 9 rooms and
bath: lot 25x100; close to Park Pan-
handle.
CHOICE UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$30,000—137:6x128 feet; NW. cor. Gough bt;
marine and panoramic view; choice
residence site. •
$5,000 — 100x100 feet; one block from Golden
Gate Park.
$3,600—75x120 feet; Castro-st corner; 3
frontages.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market *t
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 Montgomery st.
$12.000 — McAllister St.. near Devisadero; 2
brand-new modern flats. 11 rooms in upper, 8
rooms and bath In lower; up to date in every
particular: rents $90 per month; lot 25x137:6.
$7000 — Two new modern flats on Belvedere
st, near Waller: 11 rooms In upper. 4 7 rooms
in lower: rents *60 per month; lot 25x125.
$3500 — Rents $28 60 per month; close to
Halght and Webster sts. ; 2 flats, 3 rooms and
bath each: a bargain.
$4000 — Near Mission and 20th sts. : good 2-
Btory hou5e. 7 rooms and bath; lot- 25x85.
$7250 — Near Halght and Buchanan sts.:'. 2
modern flats; rents $60 per month; key lot;
27x112. ,
$12.600 — Near Folsom and 12th sts. ; srood im-
provements producing $117 per month; large lot.
$5850 — Clayton st. near Waller: 2 modern
flats. 5 and 6 rooms; rents $52 50 per month;
lot 25x100. . ;
$2800 — Near Geary and Stelner; , nice 2-story
house of. 7 rooms;' porcelain tub, flush closet;
a ntoe little home; easy terms If desired.
$8500 — Grove st; front house, 7 rooms and
bath: 2 flats In wr of 4 rooms each; total
rental $00 per month; lot 26x120. ' .¦ . ¦
W. F.' AMBROSE & CO., ~~" ~~ ~"~
Real Estate and Insurance Brokers
41 and 42 Chronicle Building.
Downtown Investment; a northeast corner
on Battery st. short distance from Market;
thU ha* a ;?rand future; size of lot 45:10x137:6:
old Improvements. - ¦
Mission st. northwest line, near Sixth, ad-
joining now postofflce; property must be sold
to -close: an estate; 25x85. ¦ .
Sin.000 — A «nap: three elegant new flats on
ncrth line of McAllister st; will pay lift per
c*nt net. ¦ • .
Biker-et. flats; Just completed; rents $117 60
per. month; owner leaving town and anxious
1 3 sell "W. F. AMBROSE & CO.. . ;
41 and 42 Chronicle building.- .
$5000— PACIFIC Heights: . corner ~ lot.-' THE
MCCARTHY CO., 046 Market St..
. -
REAL KSTATE— COUNTRY— -go* Sal* .
•-¦•¦: -'~ SONOMA COUNTY.
$1650 — 8Vt acres sandy loam land. 4 miles from
Petaluma; house, barn; well good
water; horse, harness, wagon and farm,
stock; .100 cords wood on place; J1000 '
cash, balance 7 per cent -(285).
$1SOO— 10 acres No. 1 land, 7 mlles from Pi-ta-
luma, near railroad station, store, school
and Postofflce; house, barn, poultry
houses and orchard; "In good locality;
¦ -¦" $600 cash, balance 7 per cent (2SH)
$1600—8% acres sandy loam land, 7 miles from
Petaluma. on county road; 5-room housa
and barn; 10 poultry, houses; 173 fruit
trees; hear Postofflce and railroad sta-
tion; $800 c?sb, balance reasonable
terms. (25*7) I
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
$4150—110 acres hill land adjoins town; C-toom
house ln town; lot 5«xl50; large barn;
15 good cows and well established pay-
ing milk route; will rent for $500 per
year. (281)
$24C0— 30 acres land. 4 miles from Martinez;
' 15 acres orchard. . (282)
$3000 — 40 acres land, 4 miles from Martinea;
,.„„¦ 15 acres orchard. • (283)
$1550—23 acres flne land. 4 miles from Mar-
tinez. . (284)
$1500—15% acres level fertile land, all in 7-
year-old trees; 1300 choice almonds. 75
peach, 75 apricot, few Bartlett pears,
}s acre table grapes;- good 4-room
house, barn, well and tank; 2 Trlles
from Oakley. (276)
$1300—23 acres frontins bay, 8 mlles from'
Martinez; about 13 acres tillable; flna
spring and "wood enough to half pay
for place. (277)
$900— 4. acres i ararden land. % mile from
town; 5-room house, barns, outbuild-
|"§ 3 and chicken house; family orchard.
$1000—60 acres foothill land. 3 miles from
Clayton; 4-room house: barn and chick-
en house; flne spring water piped to.
V«*»:«ii louse: 3t> acres can be plowed: balance
pasture land- fenced and cross-fenced;
$2600-£pcr°e s W&STt mlle s from^ar-
( Si™»i 4-room house: good barn; milk-
house; well; 100 acres ln grain: about
125 acres tillable; oak timber; balancs
T}f',T, grazing land. i^SO)
MISCELLANEOUS FARM LAND.
™"f~ J ar * e Ust of farlBS - orchards and]
ffon ? r 2? C H M at re^o^We Prices. Informa-
tion cheerfully given to prospective buyer*
•-.•a« *™ TIMBER LAND.
$oW)0— 500-acre timber tract. Plumas Couuty..
14 miles from SusanvlUe: will cut
about 50.000 feet per, acre. 1-3 sugar
7271) 1 T 3 yellow pine, f- 3 fl^ and ceda"
_. ¦' TOEXCHANGE. . * Vt; ?
liuslT es* i property in Stent $1650, renting for
THE Aa^ATo^SSSJ JK^^x
. ' » - - 820-823 Hayward Building.
A MAGNIFICENT ranch and greatest bargain
Or » the market: 1280 acres, every Inch ot
* h ' c . h u } h ,e very choicest of deep and rich,
highly cultivated loam., all in crop; not aa
inch of waste; 10 acres bearing orchard:
abundance spring and well water; complete-
set of Al buildings; nearly adjoins town and
depot; center of Napa Valley; price only $10,-
600; easily worth double the money.
. GEM OF THE FOOTHILLS.
20 acres. 15 of whlclf is-very richest of val-
ley loam; balance pasture; 800 very thrifty
bearing fruit trees; balance in corn and veg-
etables; this veritable paradise is offered with
crop, stock, poultry and tools for $2600- half
cash will do; Napa district.
.OFFER WANTED.
1100 acre flrst-claes general farm or stock
ranch (easily carry 125 head of cattle); excel-
lently watered; fenced: 100 acres cultivated:
orchard, vineyard, buildings, etc. ; fully 15.000
cords black" oak timber, all acceasable, worth.
$5 50 cord in Napa (12 miles); every inch
down-grade haul; offered for less than half
the profit that can be made by marketing thai
wood. ¦
SUBDIVISION SALE.
Among the great many bargains in all class)
and location of ranch property on my enor-
mous list I wish to call to your especial at-
tention the following unprecedented offer ot
5, 10, 20, any part of 100 acres; located al-
, most adjoining the depot, steamer landing
and city limits of Napa; »i mile from that
Immense cannery and all the factories; all
highly cultivated, level loam; perfect garden
soil; ideal location, for suburban home; no
better fruit, vineyard or vegetable land In th«
State; would produce $250 crop of tomatoes
per acre every year; now planted to corn;
unequaled for poultry: a splendid general
farm; price only $60, $75 and $123 per acre;
easily double the money.
N. D. SICKELS. publisher of th« Weekly
Descriptive Land Journal, tt Geary st, S. F.
$2000 — 33 ACRES, all level and ln crop," near
town in Lake County; 10 acres ln alfalfa. 8
acres in bearing- orchard, balance in hay an.l
grain; - house, barn, etc.; good water; crop
this season worth $1000. Included In sale.
C. F. MOORE. 935 Market st.
$1000 — GOOD bearing orchard and chicken
ranch; near the best inland town ln Cali-
fornia: half cash.
$2500 — Splendid orchard and chicken ranch;
25 acres; 1000 chickens; income $100 per
month; half cash. WELLS & SAUNDERS.
630 Market st.
$6500—10 ACRES, mostly ln fruit and berries
ln full" bearing; pears, cherries, apricots.
plums, currants, etc. : large house. 11 rooms;
large barn.; windmill and tank; all level.
rich, loamy land; none better; 1 hour's drive
from Oakland.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
, - •'" ¦ ' . ' ; IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange — One of the . best fruit
ranches ln Sonoma County; has cost present
owners $26,000; 92 acres; 80 acres in fruit
and vineyard; all first class, with farm Imple-
ments and stock. Address J. R. LITTLE.
Berkeley. Cal. .
FOR SALE.
Tn acres with good Improvements; five-room
house and barn; large orchard; big oak trees;
one mile west of Fair Oaks station, on Polhe-
mus Tract; any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered; no agents. CHRIST BECK. Aul Del.
Redwood City.
TO let or for sale — 5^» acres of nice land at
Kent station; lovely cottage of 6 rooms and
salt water baths; 130 fruit trees; 10 minutes*
walk from railroad: rent $50 month; selllnsr
price $5500. For further particulars call on
HEALY & GILLESPIE. 630 Market St.. op-
posite Palace Hotel.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres.
.San Leand?o road. Elmhurst: electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story bouse, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner. Elmhurst
. _ i
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tract3. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
-to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st, for
' pamphlets and information.
¦ FARMS, ranches, citv and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts ln Alameda. San Jo-t-
- quln and other counties. Write for our prlnt-
ed list HEALY A CARR. 027 Market, r. 208.
FOR sala at a bargain — Ranch. 27% acres In-
cludlng stock, tools, poultry, good house
barn: land all tillable: 1^ miles from town.
For further particulars address J. SIGRIST.
Callatoga, Napa county. Cal.
$1800 BUYS 9 acres — Mendocino County, on RV
R. ; in town; half choice fruit riflne house,
stable and outbuildings; great bargain.
SALSBURY. 459 Ninth st. Oakland.
2?0 ACRES unimproved land Tuolumne Crunty:
also 160 acres Marlposa County; wood and
water; cheap cash. Particulars box 1639. Call.
FOR Sale — 152 acres of farm and orchard land.
4% miles to railroad, with or wlf.iout crop.
Implements or stock; no agents. 350 Vj Sixth.
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON *
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. A San J.
POIXT RICHMOND PROPERTY.
CITY OF RICHMOND. ~~"~* ~~~~"
BUILDING LOTS.
BUILDING LOTS.
THE ONLY AUTHORIZED SUBDIVISION
of City of Richmond. ADJOINING SANTA
FE R- R. SHOPS and Standard Oil Company
works. LOTS FROM $180. TERMS $25 CASH:
$5 PER MONTH.
INVEST YOUR SAVINGS when you caa
make a sure and early profit POINT RICH-
MOND is to-day the liveliest place '.n Califor-
nia. Think what it will be In a year from now.
with all the Immense establishments projected
there.
IT IS THE COMING MANUFACTURING
City of the Pacific Coast.
OPENINGS FOR ALL KINDS OF BUSINESS.
SEE THESE CHOICE LOTS. . . ¦.
SEE THESE CHOICE LOTS.
OVER 300 ALREADY SOLD.
Some of the very best corners and Inside lots
left. OFFICE BUILDINGS. HOTEL. CHURCH.
. PUBLIC SCHOOL and POSTOFFICE will be
on this property. FIFTEEN COTTAGES AND
STORE BUILDINGS contracted for In past
three days. Plans being drawn for many.
others. Streets graded and macadamized at
company's expense.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS WHEN DESIRED. \
FRANCHISE FOR ELECTRIC ROAD PAST
THESE LOTS.
DON*T WAIT. SEND FOR FREE MAPS
AND PRICE LIST.
To view the property take 0 o'clock boat,
Santa Fe ferry, to East Yard station.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY. INC.. .
¦¦¦'¦ Room ' 182. Crocker building. S. g*.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
Are In
THE SANTA FE TRACT.
ALL LEVEL STREETS GRADED
$130. and up. ....... ..$13 DOWN,
.. • $5 MONTHLY. , v
McEWEN BROS.. ......119 Montgomery st..
SOLE AGENTS. '
For Additional Classified Ad-vertLw-
znents See Page Thirty-eight*
4THE BAN. FRANGISGQ G^t, SUNDAY, MA»T 4, 1902.
38
iCBCRBAJf REAL ESTATE. j
EOES VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near '
Eta lion, for rent from June 1: rent $60 per -
month. J. TUN'STE AD. ' San Anselmo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE. j
$10,000 EQUITY Los Angeles. $7000 Bakers-
field. $7500 San/ifrancisco; want vacant lodg-
ing-house or What have you? Box 1621, CalL
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful San Jose in-
come home for city property. Box 1552. Call.
REAL ESTATE, WANTED. '
PRIVATE party wants best bargain In lot for
immediate building; describe with price. Box
It26. Call office. .
CONTRACTOR will build any house and tak*
lots part payment. Box 1619. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
ALAMEDA REAL 1 ESTATE.
BEFORE PURCHASING IN ALAMEDA
I See the Alameda Land Company.
Great values offered this week. Must be sold.
$1500 — 5 rooms and bath, cottage; lot 40x150.
$1500 — 5 rooms and bath; 50x115.
S1650 — (i rooms and bath, house; 25x150.
$1900 — 7-room cottage; 40x207.
*:2500— « rooms and bath. 2-story; 42x125.
$2500 — 6 rooms and bath, cottage; 50x145.
$3000 — 6 r. and b.. cottage; a snap; 50x100.
$5500 — 8 rooms and bath; modern; a bargain;
ery desirable. 1
$7500 — 12 rooms and bath; lot 100x207; stable,
_;c; cost over f 18.000; foreclosure.
A choice selection of lots and bargains to
choose from. Call or write.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY, > -
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Office open Sundays and Evenings.
IB FURNISHED houses, $30 to $175. for 3 to j
6 months.
Lots on Pearl Bt.. -'50x200. $S00.
Lots on San Jose ave., 50x140, $1000.
Lots on Park St., 50x130, $1000.
Lots on Railroad ave.. 50x150, $900.
Lots on Chestnut St.. GOxlGS. $600.
E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1124 Park at.
$1300— CORNER lot 70x140; good location. .
(2450 — New cottage, 0 rooms; lot 35x120: ,
terms $250 cash, balance $30 per month. J. **
H. YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park Bt.
HOUSES, cottages and ' lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS & CO.. Bay Station? Alameda.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES. J
TO rent — Furnished cottage for summer
months. 1101 Park ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS '
¦ <
BERKELEY. REAL ESTATE.
HERE is another fine place — House of 12 ,
rooms and bath; stables, hothouse, etc.; 5
acres of land; 200 cherry trees and an as-
sortment of other fruits; near the hills; a
lovely place for a retired business man. JOS. •
J. MASON, Real Estate. Berkeley Station. .
*f4200 — WELL-BUILT house of 8 rooms, in \
Daley Scenic Park, near President Wheeler's
bouse: a very convenient place for a scholar.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Sta-
tion. '
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath in the Daley Scenic Park; such a
eplendid view: large lot; an Ideal place for
a poet; only ?3200. JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate. Berkeley Station. .
$10 000 — FINE 11-room house, nearly new (cost 3
$11,000); very large lot; flne view; owner
leaving for southern part of State; must sell. ,
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley Sta- *
tion.
$7000 — SPLENDIDLY built bouse of 13 rooms
in the best part of Berkeley; sunny side of
street; very con\-enlent; large lot. JOS. J. «
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley. Station.
$5000 — NEARLY new house of 8 rooms; lot 52x {
160; all street work done; near the univer-
sity. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station. ¦ \
53500 — NEW 9-room house, all modern Im-
provements; large corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, Berkeley Station. \
$3750 — FINE new house of 7 rooms, 4 bed-
rooms gas, etc.; only 350 feet from electric
R. R.' and near the U. C. grounds; lot 50x
156. JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley
Eta tion.
"~ " ~ \
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
D. A. WENTWORTH, West Berkeley. !
$2000 — Just building; modern up-to-date 3-
room cottage with electric light fixtures; fine
corner lot, 50x100; cement sidewalks; both
streets improved; excellent location; sunny
corner.
* $3000 — On improved street; close to furni-
ture factory; 2-story building with store suit-
able for any business.
$1850 — Modern 6-room house ln Haywards,
including lot 200x125; also a flne variety of
flowers, berries, fruit trees and good well,
tank, etc
$1400 — Modern cottage; big lot; good loca-
tion; close to electric aud steam can.
$1000 — Just built; modern 4-room and bath;
lot 50x125; cloee to E. R. !
$900 — Cottage of 5 rooms: lot 50x125; good
well and mill; street work complete; excel-
lent location.
$800 — Store and 5 living rooms; lot 50x136;
street work complete; % block to cars and
business street.
I $150 and up — Fine building lots.
Make your own terms.. This is a special
list of bargains. Now is your opportunity.
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
A SNAP — Lot 50x130; on S. Atherton St.; good
barn; location first class; price for a few days
$2000. MAY & MORTIMER. Berkeley sta-
tion.
$2000 FOR a pretty place; small house, but lot
is 60x270 and covered with fruit and shade
trees, flowers and vegetables: about 60 chick-
ens go with the place. MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley station.
$4200— A BARGAIN in a home ta Scenic Park;
lot 70x125; house, 8 rooms. MAY & MORTI-
¦; MEB, Berkeley station.
$4000— UP-TO-DATE home in the Scenic Park;
lot 50x125. MAY &. MORTIMER, ' Berkeley
station.
SPECIAL agents for Wheeler and Scenic Park
Tracts; call and see our bargains. MAY &
MORTIMER. Berkeley station.
$3000 — NEW modern cottage. 6 rooms; corner
lot: street work all done; one block of depot
and cars. MAY & MORTIMER. 2123 Center
St.. Berkeley station.
AMONG the best bargains ln Berkeley':
$1700 — Lot 50x135; modern cottage, S rooms,
bath, high basement, etc
$1800 — Lot 57@80; modern cottage. 5 rooms,
bath, high basement; street work done; close
to station. \
$1850 — New modern cottage, S rooms and
bath; street graded and sewered.
$1900 — New, modern bungalow cottage, 4
large rooms and bath; high basement; on mac-
edamized Etreet, and only one block from Ash-
by station.
$2250 — A beautiful home; new modern cottage
6 rooms and bath, high basement, finely dec-
orated and fitted with choice fixtures through-
out.
$2600 — A very large modern 6-room cottage,
high basement; lot 50x140; street work done,
end close to school, trains, etc
$5500 — An elegant modern home of 11 rooms,
bath, pantries, etc.; lot 60x154; only a few
blocks south of the university, and ln a flne
neighborhood.
$550 — A splendid Investment: flne 60-foot lots
close to Ashby station, and on improved streets.
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. -
$500 — 5200 CASH. bal. $5 per month, will buy
a 3-room cottage, all sewered, good well and
pump; three blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN
_ CO.
$1200— $200 CASH, bat $15 per month; finest
corner lot in town; good windmill and tank:
ore block to train and care; 6 rooms and
bath. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800— NEW 5-room cottare; large lot; flne
mantel, sideboard, etc.; 3 blocks to train-
Ho°RAN \ CO." *» """^ W - C "
$2000 — NEW 6-room cottage: lot 100x125; must
be sold at once. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2500— NEW 8-room cottage with el! modern
improvements; must be sold at once; on an
80-foot street; one block to cars; lot 50x140
W C MORAN & CO.. Lorin Station and
Schmidt Block. Berkeley.
WHY pay rent, when we will sell you a good
5-room modern house on a large lot near
station for $50 down, balance small month-
ly payments no larger than you now pay for
rent. HOME REALTY CO.
GOOD 4-room cottage;' 3000-gal. tank and
good windmill; lot 35x130; etreet work done
lot worth price asked for place; only one
block from Ashby station; price $1200; terms
same as rent. HOME REALTY CO..
Lorin Station, Berkeley, CaL
Open Sundays.
A NEW modern high basement cottage of 5
rooms and bath; pretty mantel, china closet,
. etc.; large lot; cloee to station, stores, etc.;
price $1600; only $50 down, balance same as
rent. HOME REALTY CO.
NEW up-to-date house of 7 large rooms; gas
and electric fixtures; in fine nelghboorhood;
cloee to station; etreet work all done and
cement sidewalks about house; must be seen
to be fully appreciated: price $2750; easy
terms. HOME REALTY CO.. '
Lortn Station, Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
12100 — 3 ACRES near. Berkeley; large house;
fruit and cow; no agents. P. O. box 93, West
Berkeley;
0AKLAND4DYERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAND .REAL ESTATJB^^^
WOODWARD. WATSON '& CO.; \ "~ : :
O 903 BROADWAY, OAKLAND
! $1100— Very neat cottage in West Oakland,
near the railroad shops; 5 rooms -and bath; lot
25x100; bargain. -
$2000 — Nice cottage home on ¦ north '. side of
Sixteenth st., near Brush; 5 rooms and bath;
only $500 cash required. - •
$1250— On Thirty-fourth st., near Market; loir 1
50x120; large cottage; 6 rooms and bath; very
easv terms.
$3750 — Only one house left, balance sold, on
the west side Valdez St., between 23d and 24th;
very flne new modern house ¦ two-story Colo-
nial; 7 rooms, bath, basement; all modern Im-
provements; beautiful lot; flne neighborhood;
could not. be duplicated ' to-day for less than
$4300.
$3500 — Very flne cottage home oh Myrtle Et.,
near Tenth; west side of street; house has 6
large rooms, bath and basement; easy terms.
$4250— On north side Tenth St., near Jack-
son ; large modern cottage 9 rooms and bath ;
lot 37 :<JxlOO; cheap place for this location. -
$5150 — The best bargain ever offered ln East
Oakland; near F. M. Smith's beautiful home;
large NE. cor. lot. 75x125; very flne house of
O rooms, bath and basement ; all modern im-
provements; cost over $10,000; $3500- bank
mortgage. -' y'~'>-' -.'.-
$7500— Right In town, on 13th st., near Oak;
very flne home; lot 65x100; house of 9 rooms,
bath and all modern Improvements; no such a
chance left in Oakland to secure such" a home
for this money; easily worth $10,000.
. CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
$75 per front foot on Alice St., between 13th
and Durant; any. frontage desired.
$7500 — Finest NW. cor. lot left in Oakland;
east of Broadway; 100x100. ¦ . " •
$50 per front foot; west side Webster st., be-
tween Prospect and Merrlmac; any frontage
desired. y, ,
$55 per front foot on Harrison st., near Du-
rant; only 100 feet left.
S3150— TiOxlOO; west side Filbert st., 30 feet
north of Eighth. ¦ ¦ ; . _,
' $2700 — 15x100 on 13th St., between Madison
and Oak.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
903 Broadway; Oakland.
$2300— ONCE SOLD FOR $4400.
Lot 40x140; elevated ground; near business
center, cars, schools, etc. ; house of five
rooms ln splendid order; elegant dining room
and kitchen- finished in basement; large
barn; in a high-toned neighborhood; terms
$S00 cash; balance on mortgage; owner non-
resident and has instructed- us to sell- with-
out reserve; a positive bargain; seeing is
believing; call early.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
~* Oakland, Cal.
$3600— TO DUPLICATE WOULD COST $4200.
A new seven-room house; only been occu-
pied one year; in perfect repair; an ideal
beauty in architectural design- and finish;
only three blocks from the local train and
business center; large lot; terraced lawn; in-
* terlor finish in imitation of rare wood; pan-
eled dining room and beamed celling; side
boards, bookcases, writing desks, -etc., ln
dining room; space too expensive to extol its
many qualities. ¦ Owner's occupation com-
pels, him to leave the city and prefers to
sell Instead of renting.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway,
: Oakland. CaL
$4700— COR. 20TH AND WEBSTER.
An Ideal colonial house; 7 rooms and bath;
the very latest ln everything; large lot; tt
new houses sold in this location and only
this one left; terms $1000 cash; price Is at
least $1000 below the present market value
on account of rise In material and ground.
» J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland, Cal.
Note — We have other choice Investments
which are not advertised. Carriages and
courteous clerks at your disposal free of
charge. „
¦ . J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal.
THE WESTALL TRACT.
Spot Cash Has Done It.
FINE LEVEL LOTS, $39 UPWARD.
$2 50 cash, $1 50 monthly.
Located ln Tropical Frultvale. Adjoining East
Oakland. '
No cold winds nor fog here: soil superb;
climate the best; view charming; not far from
a fine schoolhouse; near electric cars and a
00-foot wide boulevard. Stop paying rent and
own your, own cozy home with a large parcel
of ground for very little money. Extra In-
ducements to parties buying a number of lots.
Call, or let us know when you are coming;
carriage free. 455 Seventh St., opp.- Broadway
Station. Oakland, Cal.; telephone Rsd 4053.
Westall tract, lots $39 upward ; Allendale
tract, lots $75 upward; Laurel Grove . Park,
lots $75 upward; Galindo tract, lots $90 up-
ward. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$5000 — EXTRA flne 2-story house 10 rooms and
cement basement; furnace; corner lot; flrst-
class neighborhood; reduced for immediate
sale; owner leaving town;' cheap. -
$475p — New, colonial, 2-story house; finely
flnlshcfi; large basement; barn; everything
complete; very sightly location; near car line;
easy terms.
$4500 — Near West and 19th sts.; 2-story 8
rooms; finished In curly redwood; very fine;
ea6y walk to local trains. - ¦
$3000 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms on Albion
st.; between 2 car lines; fine neighborhood;
. lot ,37:6x140 feet; easy terms.
$2700 — West St., near 36th; new cottage of
6 rooms; exceptionally well built and ar-
* ranged; must be seen to be appreciated; close
to car line; good neighborhood.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO., 1016
Broadway, Oakland, and room 32, second
floor. Mills bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
$3000 — 1460 FILBERT ,'st. ; modern cottage, 8
• rooms; 40x125;. monthly payments.
$1100 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 30x123;
close to Broadway; walking ¦ distance of
\ town.
$2250 — 6 rooms, flrst-class: sunny side 33d
- St., near Grove; open lawn and- stone walks.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
• 460 Tenth st.
O/KLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ROOMS with board in private family; delight-
ful grounds; well sheltered from winds; 8
minutes from train by electric car; references
exchanged. Address box 4271, Call office.
Oakland. ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALES.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month.^^H?
\ SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh st, Oakland.
Mill Valley AdyertiseffleDts.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL /
f MILL VALLEY.
40 Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
: We have subdivided Into lots the finest prop-
erty in Mill Valley, known as the SUNNYSIDH
TRACT. The streets have been graded and
will be sewered and macadamized. The tract
commands eplendid views of Mount Tamalpais
and the bay. The North Shore Railroad Is
about to expend $1,000,000 to perfect an ideal
ferry and electric line system to Mill Valley. -
Send now for plats. and prices and go and
look at the property.
McAfee brothers,
108 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.'
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. -
CHINESE - and Japanese Employment Office —
Eest help. 411% O'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
"JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 510.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.;
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
neee help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
A NURSE, reliable young English woman, de-
sires engagement; attend conf., ? nurse- sick,
charge of invalid: charges reasonable; per-
sonal references given. . 1712*^ Pacific ave.,'
: near Van Ness; .. / • -
AN experienced nurse . wishes engagements;
: surgical ; or - confinement ',. cases; reference
given; reasonable: city or country. Call or
address MRS. MERRITT, 127 Seventh st. -
WANTED — By a ; competent Infant's • nurse, a
.-•• situation >: to take entire charge; satisfactory
" references.' Address M. E. C.,:1259 O'Farrell
*, St., Young Women's Christian Association.:/,.
YOUNG lady will give light . service in ! return
for room and board: very neat and refined,
but lost r her , hearing.' - 1725: Devlsadero St.,
:. near .Sutter. ;•-;,.-, ; ... ..;,: ¦..,--,.
WANTED— By a refined lady with young girl,
position as housekeeper; no objection to coun-
try. Address 954% Sevenths st., room 13,
Oakland. j. ' . .- . ' .* . .
RESPECTABLE woman '• would : • like . ¦ 3 •' nice
rooms ln exchange for sewing or light house-
work. A..R. T.;*" box ',,1617,- Call. office. \ ; .r "¦
A LADY, lately from • the , East, will ». worlr by
: the day;, thoroughly. competent;.:. will do;most
' - anything ; . strong and t willing ; s good ' worker;
805 Minna St., up 2 flights stalra.>;< ¦
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATEJ
ALLEN'S LIST. * , '
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN HOUSES.
$SO0 — Neat little 4-room cottage.
$1400 — New 4-room cottage.
$1600 — Modern 6-room cottage.
$2000 — New 2-story 7-room house.
' $o000 — Good 7-room house, east of Shat-
tuck. .
$3000 — New 8-room house, good location.
$3700 — Good 9-room house, nice location.'
$3750 — Modern 7-room house, flne location.
$4000 — Very nice modern 8-room house.
$4000 — Modern 8-room house, near Univer-
sity. >l
$4500— New and modern 9-room house, cen-
tral. - ! ' - * *
$4750 — An elegant 9-room house, handsome
KmBaa '' LYMAN ALLEN.
2129 Center st.
NEW modern 8-room house: lot 60x145; price
$3800; monthly payments; near Berryman s
Station. , .
New modern 5-room cottage; corner lot,
' 40x100; price $1750; monthly payments;
Golden Gate. , ,- _. ' .
6-rocm cottage and bath; corner lot, 60x80;
$1000; easy payments; at Golden Gate.
Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 50x80;
$2000; installments; at Golden Gate.
PACIFIC HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
5 39 Nevada block. S. F.
BARGAINS ln choice residence and- business
properties too numerous to mention, but can
or let us know by mail what you desire and
we will select list and show you or mall maps
locating, with full particulars.
FRANCIS FERRIER, 2121 Stanford place,
East Berkeley station. Berkeley. Cal.
$2500 — BRAND new two-story house of 7 rooms
and bath: east of Berkeley local train; three
blocks from depot; easy trems If desired.
$1400 — Fine lot. 40x132 feet; west side of
the street; street graded, macadamized, sew-
ered and side walked: east of local train; two
blocks from North Berkeley station.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$350—40x114; sunny side, near Ashby Station;
bargain for quick sale.
$1800 — Modern 6-roonT cottage, new: 40x
115; sunny; $300 down and $20 per month;
close to station. GEO. W. AUSTIN, 460
Tenth st-. Oakland.
A BNAP BUY— $3500; 9-room residence in
Berkeley; modern throughout. See IRWIN
or MORAN. Lorln station, or address Owner,
box 1586. Call office, city. • -
$3500 — NEW 9-room house, all modern im-
provements; large corner lot: near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE: — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.: easy payments. MURDOCK. B14 Pine.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FKDITVALK ItEAt ESTATE.
A — W. E. RUDELL. cor. Frultvale ave. and
Washington st., Fruitvale. Cal.
$800 — House 3 rooms, high basement: good
eewer and city water; large barn; Jot SO
xl05; corner; all fenced; 4 blocks from
station; $100 cash, balance $8 40 per
month.
$950 — Cottage 3 rooms; good well and pump;
lot l«2xl40. with privilege of buying ad-
joining land; $50 cash, balance $10 80
per month.
$1100 — House 5 large rooms; lot 45x145; all
fenced: $100 cash, balance $12 per
month; near Allendale.
$1100 — House of 4 rooms; city water and good
sewer; patent closet: chicken houses;
fruit trees, berry bushes and flowers;
summer-house; lot 35x147: $50 cash, bal-
ance $12 per month.
$1200 — New house, 4 rooms, grained ln oak;
lot 50x174; city water: $200 cash, bal-
ance $12 per month. '.
$1600 — House 5 rooms and bath; lot 50x164:
$21 per month will buy this home; For-
$1700 Modern house, 5 rooms and bath; half
block from school; 1 block from car
line: 4 blocks from station; nice barn:
city water: lot 35x124; $200 cash, bal-
ance $18 per month.
$1800 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath:
all furnished; high basement: good
brick foundation; city water; bearing
fruit trees: two chicken-houses; lQt Ii5
xluO; all fenced and cross fenced; fine
place for ralslne chickens: $300 cash,
balance $18 per month, which Includes
principal, interest and taxes; if you
want a nice home this place will suit
$4700 Beautiful suburban home In Frultvale,
consisting of 2ft acres of fine soil, 1
acre in bearing orchard; ornamental
grounds, with gravel driveway; abund-
ance of flowers and fruit trees; modern
house of 7 rooms and bath; porcelain
tub; all open and nickel-plated plumb-
ing: flne brick mantel: large verandas;
barn, stable: good well, windmill and
tank," tankhouse; fancy chicken and pig-
eon houses: terms cash.
W E RUDELL, Frultvale ave. and Wash-
ington et. Office hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays included. .
H. A. PLEITNER. gWgji g|
-,$475 House of 2 rooms: lot 50x113; all
fenced; walking distance to local train.
*675 — House of 4 rooms, pantry, closets, etc. ;
city water, stable, chicken houses; lot
CCxlOS: all fenced; 3 blocks from elec-
tric cars; easy terms if desired.
$550— For sale in East Oakland: house of 4
>^ rooms and attic; 20 fruit trees in bear-
Ing; good well; greenhouse; street work
all done: only 3 blocks from local sta-
tion; this property must be sold as own-
er is going to Europe.
$900 Cozy cottage of 4 room** city water. SOc
per month; stable, chicken houses, fruit
trees and shrubberies; lot 50x108; all
fenced; flne location and big bargain;
eary terms If desired.'
;i 000 New house of 4 rooms, hard finished and
basement, etc.; fruit trees, berry bush-
es chicken house, chicken yard; walk-
ing distance to local train: lot 35x140;
all fenced and cross fenced.
51,250 — House of 4 rooms; 7-foot basement;
stable, chicken house. 12 chickens, 1
hore«. cow spring wagon, fruit trees;
lot 65x235: must be sold as owner is
going East.
$l,C50— Two-story house of 6 rooms and bath;
Ftablc, chicken houses, etc.; lot 41x111;
only 10 minutes' walk to Frultvale sta-
tion. /
$2,000 — 4 acres of sandy loan/ partly covered
•with fruit trees and ornamental trees;
only 2 blocks from electric cars.
$2,050 — New modern cottage of 5 rooms; large
hall; porcelain bath; marble washstand.
stationary tubs; 7-foot basement; good
brick foundation: chicken house; lot
60x218; all fenced and cross-fenced; ln
walking distance to local train.
$2,600 — Two-story, house of 8 rooms; porcelain
baths; fine mantel; cement cellar; good
brick foundation; fruU trees and fine
lawn; chicken and pigeon houses; lot
B0xl37; half a block from Fruttvale
. ave. H. A. PLEITNER.
Frultvale Station. Cal. .
$1450 — 4-ROOM cottage; modern; chlcken-
house: lot 27%xll9.
$1300 — 5-room cottage; lot 27x100; easy
terms.
$1200 — 5-room cottage; lot 25x100.
$1000 — 4-room cottage; lot 25x100.
$2500— 6-room cottage; lot 27x100, with
rear entrance. . '-s- ; ¦
$1600 — 6-room cottage; lot 100x125.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1151 23d ave.. East Oakland. Cal. .
$7200 — FINE suburban home of 3 acres in
Fruitvale; large house; beautiful grounds;
all ln fruit and flowers; no finer or more
sheltered spot in California; street cars run
by the door. .
'.«¦>./. E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 — COTTAGE:, 5 rooms, attic; furniture;
barn: S chicken houses; 1 acre fruit trees;
E side Seminary ave., Fruitvale. W. R; Low.
FOR sale— 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st.,
Frnitvale. A, R. HARRI8ON. 7g Geary rt.-
Oakland" advertisements.
OFFICc— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
E. J. STEWART & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2350— New 6-room modern house; lot 35x150;
nice stable; buggy shed; pretty lawn; very
tunny ; ' close to Telegraph : ave. '
$2400— Nice modern cottage of 7 rooms, bath;
-well located; near the local station; no argu-
ment needed if you will only look this up. -
$4700— Two modern cottages of 7 rooms each;
very close to local station; well rented for $20
each; street work all done; nicely terraced,
elevated lawn; all fenced; part Iron, part stone;
an- excellent Investment; look this up. -
$2750— Two cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; good
brick foundation; immediate ¦ vicinity of , St.
Mary's College; within walking distance of
center of town; rents for $27 per month; large
lot 65x150 ft., running from one etreet to an-
other; good barn; fruit trees; chicken houses;
must be sold at once; reduced from $3500. '
$2750— Reduced from $3500; elegant home be-
yond Frultvale; 0-room cottage, bath, mantels;
in flne condition; 1 acre ground with fruit trees;
flne chicken yards; aviary; ;.2, fountains; "lawn;
near electric cars; must be sold; 'see photo at
office. . . ...,.- .-.
E. J. STEWART & r CO.,
. . 1008 - Broadway. : Oakland.
E. E. BUNCE. 932 Broadway— 12 email • farms
for sale; Investigate; quick for bargains. • E.
E. BUNCB, 952 Broadway, Oakland.
MISCELLATTEOUS FOR SALE- — Cow.
FOR i SALE— First-class * ticket with stopover ]
privileges to New York and' rettrrn. . .Box
- 1580. Call . office. ¦ . .., . " ¦
WANTED* to sell good collection of postage •
stamps, containing rare Australians and other j
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable 3
goods; money back if not satisfactory. -
KAHN & CO., 209 Battery st.; San Francisco. '
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery_st.
WHITE sewing machine; 7 drawers; good as
new;. complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. latn.
120- EGG incubator; good as new; cheap. Ap-
ply 3230 Encinal ave., Alameda.
$5— SINGER sewing machine. In good order;
also Wilcox &. Gibbs. CCS Ellis st.
FOR SALE — Six cows and a good milk route.
Call at 2321 Twenty-third st. •
THOROUGHBRED foxhound puppies for sale.
'.2717 Nineteenth st. . • •
FOR > sale— A sealskin jacket, 34 bust, $75.
Box 171S, Call. :
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-class harness
shop. B.MAART. Valley Ford, Cal. I
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg-y.
Edison phonographs, records. f u PP u f% .™° 1 v ' n , s
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 FremoiU
BOATS, launches, .rowboats carried in stock.
| BAKER & HAMILTON. , ¦ ' '
' SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
: 1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new ar.d 2d-hand moving plc-
. tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BU RICE, 139 Beale st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also genta"
' full dress and Tuxedo suits.. Portland Loan
Z Office. 25 Stockton it. : phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call office.
Combination pool' and billiard table; must be
¦ cheap and in good condition. Box 1612, Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand -clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel. Jessie 2S5L
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthEIectrlcalWks..418Tur—
, MOKEY TO LOAN.
A— R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
" On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests in real estate.
: On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
' R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
-A— HERMAN MURPHY. «01-tiCC! Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
........On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
Financial Problems of all sorts and slzs*.
' IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5V. and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortzaees, life Insurance and securi-
ties ; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO., CROCKER BUILDING. -
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 COO at 5% and 6 per cent ln sums to suit;
City' Oakland. Town and Country Property:
eecond mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided ln- J
terests ln real estate and legacies; wilt pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO. CROCKER BUILDING. ,
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
• cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan ln sums to BUlt on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
Interest; private 'and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 105 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block). ¦ *
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant' ave.. near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market «t.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st..- room 7, opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
B F DISCOUNT 'AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
, THK TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos: no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms: no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170_Market St.. room 68.
¦LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tlal.\ Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING, 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal:
no brokerage charged: confidential: open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LJCK, 116 McAllister st.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: prlvats
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. 5th fir.
8% ON furniture & pianos > $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money, loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O A. LANE Mills building, will loan sums to
•eult; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
'CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. .609 Examiner bldg.
IF you want a home, I will loan you money w
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WAXTED. .
WANT loan from private party* $300 for 3
mo. ; give 3 per cent-month. Box 1620. Call;
MDSICAL INSTRUMENTS. •'.
ANOTHER LIST OF BARGAINS FOR THIS
WEEK:
1 Hazclton, square $75
1 Hallett & Davis, square 85
1 Chlckering, square ....:... 05
. 1 Weber, square : 100
1 Steinway, square ' ........110
1 Richmond, oak case, upright 150
•, 1 BIddle, mahogany case, upright." 175
1 Opera, rosewood case, upright 175
1 Hamilton, walnut case,' upright 200
1 Fleischer, walnut, case, upright.... 210
1 Lester, upright ..........: ...250
1 .Weber, upright ....:... ....2JO
1 Byron Mauzy, upright . . ; . . .V soo
1 Sohmer, upright ........40)
1 Steinway Grand . . ..'........;..; 4co
The above Instruments are in perfect con-
dition." Terms if desired.'
. . BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st. .
AS we are now decorating our new warerooms
and hall and must have the room; every piano
is cut to the lowest possible figure. Over 200
- on our floors, of . which the following are a
few. Rents, ; $2; - Installments, $3, or your
own terms : *
1 Bourne $47
1 Weber. 85
1 Knabe --95
1 Marshall .; 135
1 Haynes..~. 155
& Barnes.... ........$135 to 240
, 2 Stelnways 265 to 385
1 3 Heine 235 to 385
1 2 Chlckering 195 and 2S0
1 -10 Hallet'&'Davls. .*.".:...-.;.;...-.* ... ice
1 ;¦ HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237
1 Geary st. • . .. * 1 .-. , - -
! ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the" way of price j
and terms upon pianos, please bear ln mini
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
1 : offer exceptionally flne pianos and largejt
; assortment of_ best • makes to •> choose • from.
> SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts. S. F.- Broad-
' -.way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
• ANY^piano sold by us -taken back any time
within. 2 1 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe.' at regular
• , price; *¦ costs you only 20c a day to" buy a
:- CHASE - »
; ATTENTION; - BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
I .Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up. '
> Becond-hand square pianos from $50 up .
¦. Becond-hand organs from $25 up; new uprt*h»
• 8O i*tt lfl J? O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Maaon
' and Hamlln. Vosc. Sterling pianos. "^
• UPRIGHT piano, $100 ; splendid bargain • best
I renting pianos in city for S3 ter mStv
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.; "flTL^i %.
¦^/^^^ HOUSES^^O;; LET. ¦ j ¦ \ .-. - :
A— PRINTED list" ' houses to ' let : send for cir- ¦
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.; 14 Montgomery. .
NEW 6-room and bath cottage I near termtnus
of Valencia st. JACOB HEYMAN.CO.. 117 •
¦ "¦ Sutter st. •<< X ;. ;\ • :¦ : ; . /.. -.-..-''.,:'<" '.- ¦
NEW house 7 rooms and bath; near Boulevard ,
station; rent $20. JACOB HEYMAN CO., ,
3 117 Sutter at.-.;.",
FOR RENT — 2 rooms and kitchen; woodshed,
yard ; $7 month. PETER GUNNIN. Bakery,
• Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts. ,-. -
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, oft Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. .- Apply
10 Ewer place. ,.: ¦ ¦_ .*
OCTAVIA. , 1514-r-Flne house of 8 large rooms
and bath; new sanitary .'plumbing; large yard;
; good location for doctor; very desirable. '
AFKBURY. 727— $40; elegant nine-room house,
' with finished j basement. '•
HAIGHT, 638 — $37 50; flne modern six-room
cottage. ¦-. ¦; ¦ ¦ . ¦
HOUSE to let. 1321 Clay st., 9 rooms, bath
_and heater. Key at 1436 Clay st. -. '
HOUSE. 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner st..
near.EU.'s. . •• - .'¦ . , :
$3Jh— A SNAP; 10 new sunny rooms in - first—
clasa order. 1449 Devlsadero St., cor. Geary.
USE S : ____
TO RENT— For 3 months, from June 1. two
3 new modern residences; 15 rooms each, newly
i furnished; at Stanford University, on cam-
pus. Inquire of CHAS. C. BEMIS, S24 Mont-
gomery st.. Real Estate Broker.
TENANT wanted for 10-room furnished house
¦ at Larkspur; modern conveniences; owner
will take rent ln board. Apply Station Agt.
' _ . . : ' jf^kLS JTj) i^eiV^
FOR rent— Teutonia Hall, 1332 Howard St., bet.
-9th and 10th, for a. term of years; barroom,
large apd small halls and all flxturas counect-
- ed therewith. For . particulars address F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
HYPNOTISM.
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, c hypnotist;
guarantees teach these sciences in 4 lessons,
$20; past, future revealed $1. 9 Powell, rm. 0.
INVESTMENTS. . _ J !
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.. ,
P. Call- or write for particulars. "¦
. LOST AND FOOSD, ,
LOST — Boston (bull) terrier: Market st.; Fri-
day afternoon: brindle color; crooked tall;
silver mounted collar: name Sir Montez;
liberal reward. Return to W. E. SINK JR..
963. Oak. st.. Oakland; notify by telegraph.
LOST — On Fillmore st., bet. Clay and Sutter,
between Sutter and Scott, small -leather
purse with $15 gold and some silver; poor
lady; reward. 220SJ4 Fillmore st. ;•
LOST— On Powell, California or Stockton sts.,
'a lady's pocketbook with keys. Return to
Campi's restaurant on O'Farrell St.; reward.
LOST — Small silk and chamois bag containing
four rings; suitable reward. 110 East Twelfth
St., Oakland. 0 . ~ •
LOST — Siamese cat. -¦ Return -to 522 Van Ness
ave. ; liberal reward. ,- - >' r
LOST — An ear screw, emerald set with pmall
diamonds. Finder will receive liberal re-
ward by returning to 508 Dovlsadero st
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, with tag numbered
3490; reward. ! Return 595 Geary st.
LOST— In Fischer's Theater,\Thursday matinee,
lady's green leather purse x containing about
$10 and keys. Finder return to cashier Call
office : and receive reward. • "
LOST— A gold nugget bracelet, between Cali-
fornia Theater and Post St.; $10 reward. Re-
turn 201 Shotwell St., near Sixteenth.
IT. will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter Rt.. needs oid
' gold and sliver to make new wat£h cases.
ilEDlCAL.
A — DR: O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or ln trouble,
consult the specialist on female -complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
ceses taken; the most. difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. . Dr. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence, 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known reliable ladles'
• specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008% Market St., opposite 5th st.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special-
ist. 30 years'- experience, removed to 1008^4
Market st., opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero St., near 18th —
Graduate of Royal ' University, Berlin ; has 23
years' experience in midwifery, cases; takes
ladies before and during confinement ; best
motherly care; Infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
"PLASTERS; belts and liniments at best only
relieve." Do not hesitate to mall 75c in
stamps to Klnney's Medicine Co., Los An-
geles, for a bottle of "K. R. K. R." — a pure
distillation from the pine; fir, etc. ; not tha
balsam, but the essence. Rheumatism, ecI-
atlca, • lumbago; troubles of • urinary organs.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
- original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1120 Market st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN; ladles' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infants free;
fee low; 906 Market st., opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
, specialist; a private home before and during
- confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay A Kearny.
DR. ROSEN. 1007% Market sW nr. Sixth.
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st; opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MATKIMUMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Herte. 706 Ellia.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. ¦ ¦
Bra^s, Iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter.712 Mission ;tel.Maln 730.
J M1M4S AM) MIMNG.
! INYO GOLD COMPANY. •
; Authorized . capital $500,000 00.
1 i ' Incorporated under the laws of Arizona,
! ' STOCK NON-ASSESSABLE. .
Private property of stockholders exempt from
liability for corporate debts. :. -
NO PROMOTERS'. STOCK. •
Seven claims four miles from Telescope Peak,
Inyo. County, Cal.; In the Panamint Mountains.
•The owners have already expended* the sum
of $115,000 CO In DEVELOPMENT WORK and
MACHINERY.
1400 feet of tunnels, inclines, winzes, etc.
j 12-stamp mill on property.
$25,000 00 in bullion from the mill have been
delivered to the California Bank. State Bank
and Trust Co. and Central BankVpf Los An-
geles. ' ' • •¦• '' " ' ' ¦ . * ¦
$200,000 00 of GOLD ore BLOCKED OUT and
IN SIGHT. .
$15,400 00 of GOLD ln the taillnss.
Directors — J." P. -Flint, ., president; W. S.
James, - secretary ;. J. O. Scannell, vice presi-
dent; O P. Widaman, attorney, and Dr. G.
W. Lasber, all of Los Angeles.
. References — Any bank ln Los Angeles, ; Dun
or Bradstreet ' commercial" agendles. but the
best reference is THE MINE ITSELF.
- For the purposes of further development
work, installing < cyanide and electric power
plants, to reduce cost of milling, a LIMITED
block of stock Js being sold,—
AT 10 CENTS PER SHARE.
.Regular semi-annual dividends will be paid,
beginning In July.. :¦;. ' .'
Make drafts - or -' money,, orders payable ; to
INYO GOLD COMPANY.: -
. Send 2-cent stamp for prospectus. Address
'STEPHENS '& SCANNELL. Fiscal Agents,
:•'_• .^ - 110 S.- Broadway, "
. . Los ; Anceles. .' Cal. • .'¦','-" "
WANTED-^Tp bond a dry placer claim ; must ]
. be a • dry proposition, rich; In fine or flour!
gold. ' Box 1C08, Call.
MIS CK LL ANEOJUS-^-FjOR^S ALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. | McIN-
-, TOSH & -. WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
24-IN. matcher and planer, complete.'. ..: .$100
8-lnch 4-slded , sticker. ". ........ ;: ; .. .T. . . - »0
.1 resaW ready for- use... ..;.¦... r.. ...... 50
4-H.P. gasoline engine,' complete....;... 100
• ! 4-H.P. steara engine and boiler: .. .'. .... 00
5-H.P. steam ; engine and boiler. ......;; 100
35-H.P. ¦ fire box boiler, and engine.;.*;;.: 550
; 1-H.P. . Shipman •. boiler and engine ....... 15
:¦ 1- double drum friction' hoist..*.'... "..-..;.. 200
'¦« 1 logging hoisting engine.'..;;. .::'.". -.*.*... 250
\ "2 freight elevators ¦ (geared), each. :...;; 35
; Beltlns:;and water, pipe, all sizes; all , the
•' above goods second-hand, ; but in flne repair.
:H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale - st. . • ,
•A— BUYS,' sells or. rents ¦ gear,'- machinery, en-
, glnes, boilers. ' water pipes, shafting," pulleys.
: etc. rWHITELAW. ; 253-255 Spear St., -
TWO ship anchors with! 1% -inch chain; one 54-
•- inch by 16 feet boiler with stack and fitting*.
i.'SOl California st. '„.¦.; ; -..;• ¦'*..* -" \
BAR 'fixtures ; E big stock ; * installments ; billiard
", and pool ¦ tables ; ; easy • terms : or. rented.- ¦ The
„¦¦¦.' Brunswiek-Balke-CoM*ender; Co;. \: 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN.ihlghest' grade, 'V same as -new.' cost
f $250, 'Will sell If taken at once for $100 cash-
>:¦" bust * 38. "rt Box 1728, Call; ., J „ ; Y
FOR f sale-^A ¦-• fresh u cow.' : Inquire 2099 Union
n street. : : : .- -¦.'•. :" ¦->,.•,,*¦ ; : >. - ¦ ;
M USlCAJ 1 J^TRPMgXTS-- : Co-. _
T^Z^Tn pianos— Most popular of all. For sala
LUDWIG PjfJ'^S. b. AU«n Co.. 931 Market
2f.. y San F»££&. Agent* Cha^ & Baker
piano nlavers. .
A S70O STEINWAY upright Piano, half prlc«
A 7^% j^jWnwrnlDg. 27 De Long ave.
FIXE ifpfisht Piano; flrrt-claw condiUoB. ?2C0.
Apply 1827 MoAlUsterjjt^
SV4P •> onlv new $*50; hiKb-srade uprights.
S -cf£pp~ed ' ft& ca7alotrjej250. Bruenn^OSPost.
*170;great sacrifice ;almest new uprights chmiu
_ Co.. 16 McAllister St.. next Hibena Bank.
ALMOST new large size Steinway uprlsht left
on sale; bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post *u: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins; zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The WeeUjrCtll,
li? pages, ln wrapper for mailing $1 per year.
'It J°J JgaX-ano- ~tnnrB3 ¦*<> »»i~t3 P 9 *'"^ .
OFFICE^ AND STOR 2^JE°_h.! B '£L~
300~~FEET from corner Market and Third;
large, well-lighted store, suitable for _any
kind of business or »sh.t manufacturing.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 513 Cal-
lfornla Bt. ¦ - ¦
LOFT for rent. 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes: with water $lt> montn. wjb.
LOANE. Plumber. 409 Fifth Bt.
STORE with large basement, belo"" Kearny:
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
ELLIS. 1229— Elegant suite of 3 or 4 rooms; J
new flat; very desirable for physician.
STORE suitable for fruit or butcher shop. $15.
Corner Howard and Nineteenth sts.
STORE with large basement, below Kearny; al-
teratlons to suit tenant, 636 Clay^room 1.
OIL. r ,^_
OIL tanks 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.^
Oil* -AXDS.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 10 acres, patented land sec-
tion 29-28-28; heart of Bakersneld district;
one well on property; oil guaranteed under
every foot. L. W. MYERS, Laughlin build-
ing, Los Angeles. -
_~ paEmistSy^ "
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4 _ 700
Post ft., corner of Jones; phono Polk &sl.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 61»
Taylor St.. bet. Genry and Post. tel. Black 5<n.
PAINTERS AND^DECORATORS.^
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. Q. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PERSONALS.
DENVER. Colo.. April 12. 1902.
DR. G. S. MOORE.
Scientific Hair Restorer.
San Francisco, California —
Dear Sir: Mr. Farrts of Pueblo was tellinsr
me about your wonderful Hair Grower, and I
would like you to send me circulars concerning
It and prices. I formerly lived in San Fran-
cisco and think I am slightly acquainted with
yon. /
* Yours very respectfully.
S. K. SNODORASS.
Windsor Hotel.
. .This remedy will be sent to any part of th»
world upon receipt of money order. Price $- 60 ¦
per package: 3 for $5. Send lor circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. S32 O'Farrell. _
A RUPTURE truss made of xteel or elastic-
webbing has failed to cure 10 per cent, but
has succeeded ln torturing 90. Why does suf-
fering humanity continue to buy them,? It
is not from choice for there are no others on
the market. HUNTER'S new lever rupture
holder with flexible pad has made It possible
to cure 75 per cent with our treatment. Also
a new combined rupture holder and abdom-
inal support for either sex; for corpulency It
can be used separately; for health and com-
fort they are a blessing. HUNTER'S Sanl-
. tarlum is provided with flrst-class medical
and surgical attendance. 1206 Market st.
INFORMATION wanted of the whereabouts o*
a girl 16 years old. 5 feet 8 Inches high,
rather stout, light complexion, bluish gray
eyes, brownish hair worn straight back and
coiled on the head, full face, .high colored
cheeks; when last seen dressed. In dark suit
with white hair line stripes and red woolen
shirtwaist, blue straw turban with dark blue
trimmings; last seen April 20 on Washing-
ton st.. near Central ave. Kindly send In-
' formation to Associated Charities.* 606 Mont-
gomery st. v ' ¦ -;'.:."¦¦'
FREE this week, a bottle of Woodworth's per-
fume, worth. 50c, with every bottle of the
Star Hair Remedy or Grower, sold at regular
prices at our office this week. The "Remedy"-"
is guaranteed to restore gray and faded hair
to natural color and improve its growth, stop
falling, cure dandruff and itching scalp; no
dye, stain or stickiness. Sold also by drug-
gists and hairdressers. The Star Remedy
' Co., 3S5 Geary st. . _^
A— CERTUS *S
Actually grows hair on bald heads; cleanses
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth: never fails to restore gray hair; cure*
dandruff, scalp diseases and hair falling:
price $1 (to agents' 60c): everybody should
write for trial package. Bohemian Hair and
Skin Specialists, 131 Post St.. third floor, S.
F. : treatment and consultation free.
AN elegant Itne of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth. ¦-
ELECTRIC light ln every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per wsek;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for .sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer ln
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
KUESTER, "The Hair Doctor," 1152 Franklin;
in Oakland since 1S81: gray, falling, scalp
disorders; if faked, send stamp for cause and
cure; treat yourself; remedies expressed.
ONLY artistic hair dressing,' 25c, any style;
shampooing. 50c; manicuring; 25c; largest and
best stock of switches on the coast. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton st. • ¦¦
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestlo
office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. .
VIAVI — Home treatment for mothers and
.daughters: booklet free. The VIAVI COM-
PANY. 2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.: phone East
282.
A — WHAT do you think T O. BERMAN. 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order: $l-each;
tame as white shirts; selection. 300 patterns.
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMEJTTS-iFANNY
BRIGGS CARR system and preparations.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockto* st.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
Ing SOc; hair dried by electric drier _ dressed
In 30 mln. MUa A.V.Doyle,lT02 Mkt. op. 10th.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. 721 Market at.
MONET* loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
. diamonds, pearls and precious stones bouzh*
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. JO Sixth st. °° U8nc
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-auarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
I CO.. 1310-1.312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
WHO shall I marry? Send birth date, sex and
10c to Prof. C. C. Raphael, box 549 Phila-
delphia.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'FarrcIl-.send for. circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
olectrlc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on installments, $1 per week
Neuhans & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs— Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
T^£ R ; MA u I ? E ( S lt "- * 7 M: dres « i» nts - «2 bo.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
| rlsal costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
| Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
i treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
: SUPERF_UOUS hair and -moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ino Market.
' ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
, hair to Its natural color; |1 : at all dru«rtsf.
i ONE NMINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURB
; instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggist*.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders, GOLDSTEIN & CO..733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT. Ow
¦ best corn cure. 25c; a,n drogglsts.
' CH *1? AP ?P T and be8t ln America— The Weekly
• tt-iV in."?"- 8 * nt to an y address «» th»
, mit»a states or Canada one year for $1
> I"
PHYSICIANS ASP SURGKOX9.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay untlTcured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
-- private diseases treated successfully; consul-
• tatlon free. Drs. Forden A Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
1 DR ; H McGREGOR WILLSON has removed
his . office from 1122 . Market to 1206 Market
' - at '» cor - Golden Gate .are.',**.
ER. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market «t.,,bet. Sixth and Seventh.
EMPLOTMENT WASTED— FjEMALE._
A— rSWEDISH ' girl," flrst-class laundress: hotel •
or family; $30. ; MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WOMAN with a' little girl wishes j position as •
working housekeeper or - will do chamber-
work. , Call or ' address 1024 Howard ; st.
RI'.SPECT ABLE > middle-aged woman would do '
general : housework ; good ' plain ; cook ; small
wash; fond of children; altogether reliable. ,
¦Address Housework, box 1733. Call office. ;
COMPETENT person . wishes position as seam-
stress or housekeeper in small family; best .
of. references if required. > Box 1734;- Call; 1
NEAT, reliable, honest girl' desires position at
light housework; very "well recommended.
'Box 1510. Call office. ' — --'.;¦¦' '
YOUNG Swiss woman with a child wishes a
place as working housekeeper; good home
preferred. R. R.-, box 1729, Call office.
WANTED— Dressmaker and ; cloak and suit •
maker, good . cutter and fitter, wants a few j
more engagements by the day. MISS BARSS,
10 De Boom St., off South Park. ;
SITUATION as hotel housekeeper, 7 years' ex-
perience; good, manager; references; have
\ grown daughter for linen room If desired.
Box L. 100 Eleventh st.
POSITION aa chamber maid at summer resort;
: Lake Co. or Sonoma Co. preferred. . Address
box B, 106 Eleventh St.- ¦_ -
WOMAN wants work ' by the day, washing,
ironing./ housecleanlng; $1 a day and car
,fare. JBRS. SIEBOLD, 77 Natoma st.\_ ,
COMPETENT woman would like work by day,
half day or by the week. 110 Fell st
WANTED— Work by the day or will do cook-
iqg; good references. Call at 410 Franklin.
YOUNG woman wants work as cook by "the
. day, or housework. Address C.;; 615 Larkin.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for:men. Call 68 to 76 Ellis st., room 131,
. bet. 1 and 4 p..m. ' . ;" • :
RELIABLE young woman with little girl
wants work cooking for men. Address E.
B., 1370 Twelfth ave.. East Oakland.
REFINED woman, ., experienced housekeeper,
wants care of .rooming-house; 'a responsible
s position/small salary; references; good seam-
stress/ Box 804. Call office. '
HOUSEKEEPER by elderly American woman;
neat cook and laundress; used to children: no
postals; wages I $12. Call , 1020 Howard Bt,
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wiehes work by the
day., Call 1610^ Bush st.:". -
WANTED— Position as stenographer and type-
wrlter by young lady of experience; refer-
ences; own machine. Box 1714,' Call office.
A POSITION by - an experienced hotel house-
keeper; as matron of Institution: best of
city references. -.. Box 1551, Call office.
YOUNG married couple ; English; man coach-
man, etc. ; wife finecook; city or country
$50 up. Box 1715, Call office.
YOUNG English lady desires engagement as
companion; domesticated; needlework; good
musician, piano and mandolin; would teach;
no objection to travel; moderate salary. Box
1504, Call office. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third. st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
lo $6 week; convenient and respectable: free
__ bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia Bt. - ' -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
GARDENER (Danish), married, no children,
wishes position on gentleman's place; good
references. Address box 1716, Call.
AN energetic young man wishes a position as
an assistant bookkeeper; is good at figures..
Box 1615. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, reliable man of tact and
judgment offers his services as money-maker
for appreciative firm in real estate or general
merchandise; good salesman; references. Box
1719, Call.
MAN and wife (German) want positions, city
"or country; wife do housework or cooking,
man drive and take care of horses and place.
Address box 1720, Call. ¦:¦ -. ._•; [..¦
SITUATION wanted- by young man with some
j experience as a waiter at some spring or re-
sort in the country. Box 1613, Call.
MAN with some experience wants to accom-
pany mountain tourist or camping party as
help. Box 1625. Call.
A STRONG and able young man of 22 would
like a position in a wholesale house as por-
¦ ter; best of . reference. Box 1623. Call.
WANTED— Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, ' business manager, j expert ac-
countant or otherwise: electric, execution,
strenuous, Imperturbable. N. R. ¦> G., ¦ box
1611, Call. ; •
A FIRST-CLASS general machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert on en-
gines, pumps, hydraulic machinery and
presses, daughtsman and patternmaker, R.-
R. and stat. engineer, flrst-clasa references,
wants suitable position. E..B., box 1609, Call.
POSITION as ranch foreman; 20 years', expe-
rience; understands stock, grain and fruit:
also engineering and blacksml thing. Ad-*
dress 10 Merrltt st. n . •
YOUNG' man. 24. neat, willing and obliging,
wants work of any kind; best city references.
Box 1500. Call office. .
WANTED — By special officer, with srcod ref-
erences from past and present employers, a
position as nlsllt watchman or any position
of trust. Box 1731. Call. , .
TRAINED hospital nurse; Gorman gentleman;
single; with good reference; wishes engage-
ments; would also travel with invalid. Box
1713. Call office. . ¦ ¦ .
MALE : nurse; surgical or medical; Al rofs.;
- rates $1 50 day. Box 1606, Call office.
SITUATION wanted ? as day or night watch-
man; best references. Box 1524. Call office.
A FINE cutter wants a situation; willing to
sew. Address A. HORCHER,' Grand Central
Hotel, Stockton.. ', ,
MAN and wife want positions in country hotel,
resort or springs; wife • experienced waitress
or chambermaid; man as porter and all-
round work! ¦ Address box 1548, : Call office.
AN. experienced shoe_ man -wants position ln
country as manager or salesman; references;
Nolan, Hewes, George & Earl,' 318 Market,
S. F. Add. J. M. JONES, care above firm.
INTELLIGENT , young man to work morning
and evening for home; understands all kinds
of work. Box 1712, Call office.
A YOUNG man having practical knowledge of
'electrical engineering wants situation - with
:. electric light or power company; wages no
object. Address A. Z., box 1544," Call office.
COMPETENT experienced traveling salesman
. wants position ; liquors or tobacco preferred.
' Box 1695, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class cook . wants position.
TAKA. 1009 Flllmore st.;, tel. West 804.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions . has beek established at ' 1096
Valencia st. . .' /• ¦ ,
_¦'¦¦-!¦ FPRN ITURB WANTED. .
iBIG price paid for furniture for CO days;. special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner b'.g.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
_-_':'y { ' '.-¦' GLOVES. > ¦¦¦'.. ;.
SPECIAL sale Danlcheft ', glove,' own make," at
*V 90c. 121 Grant ave.
nORSJESjVgg^ WAGOXS.
JUST arrived— 20 flne work, driving and sad-
dle horses, -weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
9 matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse : Exchange, 246
Third st. WM.G. LA YNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies; wagons; har-
- ness, j etc. ; auction - sales I every - Wednesday I ai
11 a. m.- JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale; Santa Rosa Salesyard-r-Just arrived,
. several flne * road ' and business | horses, new
, buggies and harness. . 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary Colleger-Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues 'by applying to
M.L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden. Gate ave.
CAMPING i wagons, surreys; delivery ' and ' ex-
. -press wagons, carts and harness; 1634 Mis-
" Blon St. ,¦-;¦', -:..¦¦: - * > "7 ; ' ' ; .\v'-'.'- < ij, l J^,' :¦ -\; -
GOOD drawing and . work horse ; ! weight : 1100
. pounds; price $40. Apply 238 Fulton st.
FOR sale— Good ' little horse , and ¦ cart. : 1022
.* Leavenworth "st. -,../ > , :' -
ALL kinds- of . wagons,", buggies, ' carts, harness,
¦•:.. etc., cheap.-; EGAN-&. SON, 2117. Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand ; wagons, .buckboard," sur-'
rey, harness, work, driving horses. , 15th& Valencia.
AN ; A No.i 1 express 'wagon,* single ; also | light
.'.camping wagon* for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
v HOUSED iToTLEiy-FURNISHED. -[J
HANDSOME : corner.'" residence . on ' Twenty-first
- -, st. ; ;" flne y location; * Mission ':¦ warm ;• belt ; a j 8
' rooms ; ; completely •, furnished ; • piano, . library,
• silver,. cut class, linen, etc. Telephone Church"
'ST4,'or. write S box -1610; Call.. > 1 ' -— y ";¦
MODERN* 9 ; rooms ', and ¦ bath,; large cellar t«nd
.-" garret; gas and range; 'house 'rent $30; furnl-
> ture v and : carpets,. $250. ; Call ; Monday f t rom
. 9 to 0 at 38 Silver Bt.- . / '¦.-„:,WILLiIAMS, 'Ariz.. May 3.— Eshi Kay, a
Nava jo - , Indian, :. was • convicted . before
Judge Sloan of , Flagstaff and i given seven
years'. Imprisonment." - His crime was most
atrocloos. .Tho>Iridlan entered an* elderly
woman's- house, > beat < her^ Insensible " and
dragged. her. to the railroad^track, where
he oecurely;.;tled her. she". recovered
consciousness Iher cries attracted a* watqhi
man? who ; moved • her ' f rom\her "^perilous
position > ' a V few,? minutes } before i a train
passed.- : - • ¦ ; "
Murderous :R«d Goes to Prison.
.• NEW WEST]
A P Tug well ;' Tacoma -
J-W Barlow& w.- Ill' •
A D Hogendobber, Ohio
S D Webster,. Boise ;.?.
G E i Farwell,. Duncan ,
R Stevens,; Duncan ¦'
G H Flaher, Hanford
C Reason, Hanford ' V
C Clark, ~ Montana
Rev M Shively, Cal, ,
HOTEL' VARB.IVAXS.
2RN, HOTEL! '¦
E K Thomas, Denver
?t Y,^ Rose. Denver.;
M HSt John. Seattle
GE Drake. Ohio ,
r t? rank . Chicago f-
J H Parks. Colo T? -. ',
J C Bendinger.^Ky ¦¦' " '
J W Shealey & w.Wash
J C Jones, Tacoma
STOCK MARKET^
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTTIONS
SATURDAY,- MAY 3.
Anthony J. Jr., Edward' A. and Harry J.
Griffith to Annie C. Griffith, lot on W lino of
Larkin street, 75 N of Greenwich, N Si by
W 105:9; gift.
The McCarthy Co. (a corporation) to Philo
mer.a McKenna, lot on S line of- Greenwich
street, 127:5 W of Buchanan, W 25 by S 74;
no- "y- ¦_" ' ¦ .- .-_/.¦¦ :
Annie; F\aherty> to' Delia Burke, . lot on W
line of Baker street, 137:6 N of Hayes, >»" 25
by W 100; gift. \
David J. Kelly to George M. .and Edward
F. Eastman, lot O'n-N line of Dorland street.
200 W of Dolores. W 25 by N 125; $10. -
Olivet Congregational Church to . Fernando
Nelson, lot on S line of Seventeenth street.
125. W ot Noe. S 17:7%, NW 62:1H, E 50:6H*
?2000. • " • .. i , -
JFernando and Julia A. Nelson to Olivet Con
gregational Church, lot on W line - of Noe
street,:54:9 S of. Seventeenth, S 10:3, W 125
N47:4%, SE 130:4%; $1500. .
Bridget Mulkern, Mary and Julia Ryan to
Barbara Clarke, ¦ lot on E line of Montgomery
street, 117 ;6N of Filbert, N 20 by E 66:3; $10
Martha E. Veasey to George W. Call, lo» on
W line of Taylor 8treet,;72:6 N of Clay," N 25
by W 120;-. also easement over lot on W line
of '. Taylor street, 67 :6 N of Clay, W 120 N
70," E 20, S 60, E 100, S 10; $4500. -
Joseph Rosenthal to Marcus Rosen thai. lot
on SW corner of Post and William streets
W 30 by S 67:6; $10. >-c \.
Marcus ¦ Rosenthal (and as trustee of the es
tates of Jacob Rotenthal and Toby Rosenthali
to George H. Lent, same; $24,000.
Ugo and Teresa Bizzi to Louise F. O'Brien
lot on W. line of Hyda street, 145" N of Jack
son. W. 45:10, N to Paciflc, E 45:10, S to be
ginning; $10. -
Louise F. O'Brien to Augusta Mespie. lot on
SW corner of Pacific - and • Hyde ' streets "W
45:10 by s 137:6: $10. ; " °- r'.
Kate T. Rlxford (wife) to E. H. rRixrord
lot en . NE comer of Fourteenth . avenue and
Lake street. E 80 by N 72; also lot 2 biocfc
25, West: End Map No. 2; also lot on 'e Un»
of Lyon street.. 127:8% N of Sacrament© N
00 by E 110; also property outside of county
J. v-.W; Wrlcht-ft Sons Investment Co to
Joseph Ough, lot on SE line of Naples
street, .100 SW.- of . Japan. SW.25 by SE IM
lot 1. block 53. Excelsior Homestead- $U>
Builders'. Contracts.
. Matilda S. Feder (owner), with Home Man
ufacturlng ¦ Company (contractors), archill
Joseph Cahen— Fixtures ' In store except back
Ing. of snow window and work in window for
store In building at 21B Post street; $1504
.Emanuel- Kaeintz (owner), with . J : B Ipcnr
(contractor). . architects * Rousseau. & So'n— All
work except . mantels, gas fixtures and shades
for a tworatory frame building with basement
(flats), on lot on W line of Leavenworth street
B0 S of Lombard. N 50 by W 91; $4861 . '
: Elisabeth A.; Oxen O., .Elfln O. 'and ¦ ThoV
O. Heydenfeldt and Sunshine O. Love (own*«Mi
with Henry Whittle (contractor), architect
William H. Armitage — Grading, brick work
chimneys for an old ¦ 2-story frame . to be re'
modeled for two- flats- and one - new 3-storv
frame with fcrick foundation (flats) on let on
N line ; of Post 'street,. 110 W or Larkla \v
67:8 by N 120; $1314. , , ' ' v
Same owners with Geoige Welsmann (con
tractor), architect same— All . work except
grading, brick work, plastering, plumbing and
painting for same ontsamie; $11,715. ¦¦ . ,
.-' Same. owners with J. D. -.Welch (contractor)
architect ; same-^Plumbinc. Kasatting. . sewers
and services for same on same: $1775."
• Same" owners -with J.~ . R. Tobin (contractor),
architect ,sam*— Lathing, plastering, artificial
tiling. far same. 0« same;"$l«23.
.Same owners with Georse McCahon (contrac
tor). ¦ architect 1 , same— Painting. . graining,
scorching and varnishing (or same on same;
$1250. ••. ,;• .¦v*-.~. • . •' ' '
There was a brisk business for Saturday' on
the ¦ morning session of the • Bond ¦ Exchange,
with r a decUne.inGlant^Powder to $79 CO. . Gas
and Electric sold freely at $44@44 12%: ,'. Edison
Llght'and Power, was ex-coupon of its 6a (1921),
regular quarterly, amounting to $9345.' •:• .
Sterling. was active on the.OIl Exchange, sell
ing at $1 72^4 @1 80,; according to terms. . ;.
Sales on . the • Oil Exchange last week were
58,670 jihares. valued at $62,518,,- the leading
sales, being as follows: Apollo , 4000 - shares;
Four, 1600: Independence, 1000; Junction, 20 oo-
Plttsburg, 1000 1 ;Jyon; S810r San Joaquin, J455 ;
Sovereign ¦ 5600 rReed,' 4708;; Occidental, 7200;
Sterling, " 25,700. ¦•>.'' - >-.:• -,'_.
The Sterling Oil Company shipped fifteen car
loads of oirwn Wednesday. '. The sixteen wells
now in operation are capable of delivering 3000
barrels of oil daily,. Including. the royalty- from
.Vest and ? Sovereign. : All the capital Htock of
the company^ has been Issued, and the dividend
Is - $5000 for ; May "and a simlTar amount; for
¦¦ The following quotations for the United' Rail!
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from I New: York by Bolton, I De I Ruyter & Co. :
Common- stocky $25 50; , preferred." $60 25©60 75;
4' per cent' bonds,- $91 ; subscriptions, ¦ $101 73®
102 CS.V^EESSfgJNBtWlf'WiSRIIf Vj q^^£$&K*>j
~ '.The 'Standard' Consolidated dividend of 10c
;" -OREGON., ' '..
Flour, qr sks. . . l,632Potatoes, sks ..
>.- :.-'. '-V' ' ' .WASHINGTON. 1 -
Flour, qr sks . . 6,88ii'0tatoes, sks . .
'¦ j. ¦¦ ¦ »
Flour,' qr sks. . .' - 5,038 Wool, bales . . . ; S66
Wheat, ctls '".:.. : 6,300 Onions, ; ska ..... 203
Barley, ctls .... 6,250 Sugar, ctls ¦ 2,960
Beans, sks ....'. 2,220 t Tallow, ctls ....'¦ 240
Corn, ctls ...... 100 Pens. No ... 3,946
Potatoes, sks ..: 928 Hides, bdls ?;..
Bran, sks ....'...'• 1,430 Quicksilver, flks 5 152
Middlings, sks.". 180 Leather, rolls ... '•; :09
Hay, tons ...'...'¦ 504 Lime, bbls .:....•. . 01
Hops, bale ...:." 1 Wine, gals .:.. .80,300
FOR SATURDAY/ MAY ;-3.
Receipts of Produce
SUGAR — The Western . Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows,, per pound, In 100-1 b
bags:: Cubes, A, Crushed- and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. ; 4.35c; -Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.23c; Fruit Granulated, . 4.25c;
Beet Granulated ' > (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' • A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c:
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C." 8.65c; "D." 3.55c;
.barrels, 10c more;, half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 60c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. '¦ Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
5c per.' lb.,- No order taken- for less than 73
barrels Or its equivalent.. } • • ¦ ¦.:.•.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c ;. Astral. - 20c :
Star. 20c: Extra' Star. 23c: Elaine. 25c: Eocene,
23c:. deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, -16c;
!n 'cases, 22*4 c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 2614c . • "
TURPENTINE— 67e per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels. ¦ :
OIL, — California Castor Oil, in cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 70c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and C6c for raw. in barrels ;' Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 05c; cases, .$1;
China Nut; 57%@6Sc per gallon;'. pure- Neats
foot. in barrels, -70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, - pure,
65c. x Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per
gallon: Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut .OH. ¦ barrels, 63 Vic for Ceylon- and
58%c v for Australian.- . ''¦ ¦- f *IG
COAL— Welllngtonr $9 per .ton; Soiithfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50.
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
eDd. $8 50; Cooperative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, : Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Canncl, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
In bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 43 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton.
according to brand. •¦ / ¦
BAGS— Grain Bags,' June and July, 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. .. % = . ,
General Merchandise.
SATURDAY, May 3—12 m.
/ ' Bid. Ask. I . BId.Ask.
Alpha ....... 02 031 Justice 05 07
Alta .'. 04 06 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... 04 05 Lady Wash . . — 04
Belcher 07 OS Mexican ..... 55 57
Best & Belchr 25 2S Occidental ...» 11 13
Bullion .. 02 03 Ophir k .1 70 1 75
Caledonia .... 43" 44 Overman .... 21 22
Challenge ... 16 19 Potosi 23 24
Chollar ..-14 16 Savage ....;. 14 15
Confidence ... 60' 62 Scorpion ....'. — 04
Con Cal & V.I 55 1 60 Seg Belcher .. — 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada' 27 28
Con Ne.w York. — OliSllver Hill ... -45 47
Crown Point.. 08 03 St. Louis -. . . . 06 —
Eureka Con...' 18. — Syndicate.... 07 —
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con ... : 28 29
Gould & Cury 16 17 Utah ........ 03 05
Hale & "Nor. . 22.. 24 Yellow Jacket 12 13
Julia ...rrrrv- — 04 • ".•.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
The following. quotations are for good sound
livestock ¦ delivered at San Francisco, -less 30
per cent shrinkage for cattle :'". > -s ¦ : ¦¦¦
CATTLE — Steers. 8%®0c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.. ¦
• CALVES— r«@5^c per lb (gross weight). '.
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb <gross weight). " •.:
LAMBS — Suckling . Lambs, $2 50@2 75 . per
head or 50514c per lb llvewelght; yearlings, 4^a
@5c per lb. ¦ . ' '¦¦ ¦¦¦'". ¦¦-¦
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%®
0%CT'200 lbs and over, -6@6%c; feeders, 6@
6%c;isows,'20 per cent off; boars, '50 per cent
off.' and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. - - ~- .. - ,-¦ ¦.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: .--•- -. - ; ¦' ¦" \ r -
BEEF— 7@7V4c for..Steersand'6}£@7c'per lb
for- Cows. -„¦- •'. '.¦'¦ ¦.. • .; ¦ ,.
VEALi — Large, 809c; small. • 9@10c per "lb.
MUTTjON— Wethers. 8%@9%c; Ewes, 8@8%c
per lb, " ¦*'.-¦¦.' . .'.'•¦¦¦ .
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 10@llc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%eoxj c per lb. -
- LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The situation remains unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
San Francisco Meat Market.
100 Best & Belchr- 26. 23 Ophlr .........I "0
300 Best & Belchr 25 200 Overman .... 21'
300 Con Cal &-Va.l 35 500 Savage ....... 15
300 Con Cal & Va.l 50|1500 Savage- .; 14
600 Mexican ..... 58-100 Sierra Nevada 28
200 Ophlr 1 77% 200 Union Con ..; 28
200 Ophlr ...... 172& I
Morning ' Session.
'• The following were the sales on the Paviflo
Stock Exchange \ yesterday :
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ..: 08ill00 Potosi ]. 24
eoo Caledonia.... 43 30a Potosi 23
300 Con Cal & Va.1 55 700 Savage 14
500 Justice 03 000 Sierra Nevada . 28
1100 Mexican-..::. 54 10O Silver Hill ... 46
; 100 Mexican ..... 55 40ft Union Con 27
200 Ophir. ...,;. .1 75 1800 Union Con ... 28
600 Ophlr . . :....'. 1 70j lOO Yellow Jacket 13
The following i were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and exchange board yester
day:. • .;."¦•
MINING STOCKS.
. Morning Session.
- • Board—
200 Four i. ...... 55
1000 Independence 08
10 Lion .....' ......'..; 07
2500 Lion „ ©6
500 Monte Cristo l 45
50 Sterling 1 75
300 Sterling, b 90 .....:..,..:.... 1 80
1700 Sterling ,.... \ 7214
600 Sterling • b 10 175
GOO Sterling, cash ': ..» ». ; 1n7°u
200 Sterlitig, b 30 .'.... 175
1500 Sterling, b 15 .: . 1 75.
100 West Shore -.....; SCO
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
All descriptions remain as previously, quoted.
. HIDES- AND SKINS— Culls, and* brands * sell
about I'/ac under f quotations — , Heavy} salted
Steers. 10%c: ; medium. 9©0%c; light, 8@Sfic;
Cow Hides. 9c for heavy and 8@SHc for light;
Stags, 6®0>4c; Salted Kip, 8®8%c; Salted Veal,
U&uMic; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls,
14c; Dry KID. loc; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20(g,auc
each: short Wool. 35@G0c each; medium,'. <j5Q
75c; long Wool, t»OcS$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium. $1 for small and. 60c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@1 60 for me
dium, $1- for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skina — Dry Mexican. 32&c; dry salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American, 32% c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium, 35c. i . ..'
TALLOW-^No. 1 rendered.' 5%@6c per " lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2^@3V4c.
WOOL — Spring— Northern • free, 14® 10c; do,
defective/ 13@14o; Middle county free, 13@l5c;
do, defective, 12013c; Southern. 12 months, 9@
10c- do. 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill," ll@13c;
Nevada. 12®15o per lb. . a:
; • HOPS — 12@13c for fair and - 14© 15c for lb
for good to choice. , ''"••;¦ • , ••
Hides, Tallow/ Wool and Hops:
50 Cal'Wine Asan 101 25
10 Giant Powder Con 79 73 .
130 Giant Powder Con 70 50
10 Oakland Gas J 62 75
10 Paraf fine Paint Co 23 00
100 E F Gas & Electric Co ....44 CO
100 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90 44 00
100 S K Gas & Electric Co, s 90. 44 12%
'SO S F Gas & Electric Co, cash 41 12 Vi
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 12&
35 S V Water ........:.......... <>1 50
$500tt- Sacramento E G & Ry 5 per cent. 102 BO
$15,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bds..H9 CO
. Street— .
80 Alaska Packers* Assn 162 00
65 Contra Cos ta Water 77 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 4 00
Morning Session.
¦:' Board — — '¦ - • : ,' -' ' '
10 California Fruit Cannerg........l02 00
50 Cal Wine Assn ....... .\ 101 00
CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14^c for light
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 14@14ftc; Califor
nia Hams,* I3%@14c; Mess Beef, .$»®9 50 per
bbl- extra Mess, $10@10 50: Family, $ll@H 60;
prime Mess Pork, $15 50016;. extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25; "Pigs'. Feet, $1 75; Smoked Beef
13%@14c. D«r lb. - -.- . . ,. - ..
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per- lb. for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12V4c; 10-lb tins, 12Vic; 5-lb tins, 1254c;
5-lb tins, 12%c. ¦ ' .'• -
¦ COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, lOftc; twg
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb." • :
The Chicago' wire of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. says : .' 'Market It, firm and higher arid
receipts of , hogs ' rather small, ( but it Is said
to be due partly to ! the advice of receivers,
who are recommending the holding back of live
stock - pending i the Investigation that - is , now
going on relative to the existence of a trust
among the packers. -This is said to be curtail
ing consumption . to some extent. The market
is heavier, with a fair cash demand."
The • expected advance has j not yet taken
place and very little has been heard about "it
for several I days/ . The market continues - in
active but steady.' .,
Provisions.
The ' condition i of the Eastern markets ." ap
pears In-the first column.' There is ; more • tone
to Prunes in New York,"; while stocks of other
fruits i in California are -: reduced to almost
nothing.' J - •• - .--' -„.-..., -' '
- FltUiTS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals. and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, S@!»c; sun-dried, 5@5 J /4c; Peache*,
6U©SUo; Pears, C@9c; Plum3, pitted, 5@6c;
unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5i/j@6c for red
and 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5Mi@6c for white. .¦•":".- .- ,. ..;>.
PRUNES— 1901 . crop are quoted as follows :
30-40's, 6%@6%c; 40-50' s, 5@5%c;'50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, -4@4^4c; 70-80's, 3y 2 @3%c; 80
00's. 3@3%c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb. ,
. RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown. 8c; 2-crown, 6J4
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6V4c for 4-crown and
5Vic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown,' 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and • 7@
8%c for bleached.' .¦ : Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, ?2 60; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$125@135. " ¦ . " ¦ : '¦ •'
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell,-ll% C ; No.'
2, 6%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, -9c; No. 2, • 7c;
Almonds, 10^@12c for papershell, 0@10c ¦ for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5®
7C- for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, M@13c; Cocoanuts,
!f3 50@5. :->» ¦¦ - .. ¦...-
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llo
for light amber; Water white extracted, 5®
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark. 4c.
15EESWAX— 27%@29o per lb. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts, and Raisins.
lencias, $2 75@3;; Malta Blood Oranges. $2@3;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 *0
@1 50 in half : boxes ; Lemons, - 75c@$l • for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and ?2@
2 50 . lor fancy; Grape Fruit, - $1@2 50, ' includ
ing ' seedless ; . Mexican ' Limes, $4@5 ; Bananas, .
$2 25@3 per . bunch for . New • Orleans and . ; ''¦¦,
for. Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. ;•:
MISCELLANEOUS,
Alaska Pack. 161^162 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As — 102>i Pac CBorx.166 —
Cal Wine As. 101% — Par Paint... 25 —
Oceanic S Co — . S5 . - •
Hana... 3% . 4 iKllauea ..».— 9',i
Hawaiian ..— 40 Makawell ... 23 23 %
Honokaa .... 11 11%'Onomea .... 24% 26
Hutchlnson . 12% 13 [Paauhau ... 11 12%
SUGAR
; -;^-- POWDER. '•"$'>'¦
Giant ...... 79% 80 JVlgorlt .IT.. 3 —
. STREET RAILROADS.
California >.170 180 I Market 100. —
Geary — 00 ! Presidio .... 85 —
" . SAVINGS BANKS. .
German ....1990" — -fSav' & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . ..- — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. So — ; I Union Trst.1830 —
SPSav U.525 — I
Pac Light ..45 - —
Sac E G&R. 33 40
S F. G & K. 44 —
S F G L Co. » 5H —
Stktn G & E. ' 8 —
IKS. >
(First Nationl — —
L P & A 188% —
Mer Ex (liq) 23 —
S F. Nationl. 140^ —
Cent L & P. 2% "3%
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3%
Mutuat . 3Ti 5
O G L& H. 62% 63
Pac G Im.. 40% —
INSUR
Flrem's Fnd.260 270 i
/ BAJ
Amer B & T.103 111
Anglo-Cal . . 90 91
California . .426 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 122>4
GAS .AND ELECTRIC.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 77^i|Port Costa.. 63% 6C
Marln Co 59 '.'— iSpring Val.. 91% 92
Do 5s .... — 121 c jtntd 5s. —
N Pac C 5s.l09%110!4| Do stmpd.103% —
N R of C 53.11*% — ,SP Br Cal 6al38%139%
Oak Gas 5s. 113% B -V Wat 6s. 110% —
Oak Trn-6s.m}4 — Do 4s 2dm.lOi^4 —
Do 1st cSs. — 115 Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s.l03%105 '5tkn G&E6S.102 ;104.
Ala A W 5s. ; 02% — Oc SS Co 5a. 98 90
Bay CPC 5s. 108 — Omnibus 6s.. — —
Cal-st. 5s^...ll9 — ' Pac G Im 4s. OtVi —
C Costa 6s. ai0% — Pk&CH 6s,107 110
Ed L & P 6sT — — Pk & O R 6».117 -120
Fer&C H 6s. — , Pwl-st R 6s. — — '
Geary-st 5s;. — ¦— . Sac EGR 5s.lO2>; —
H C&S 5V4s..— BF & SJV5s.l20 121VJ
Do 5s 96%-— Sierra Cal 6s.no HGVi
L Ans R 5s. 118% - B P Ot A 6«
L A L. Co 6T.1O; 105 (1909) ....113U113%
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) 114% —
Do gtd 5s. — 103^6 P of C 6s.
L A & P^ 5s. 10.1 — (1905)Sr A.10fi%107
¦ Do lem 5s. 102% — (1905)Sr B.107H —
Mkt-st c cs. — — (1906) — not;
Do, lem Bs. — 121V. (1912) — 121&
N R of C 6s.ll2 • — " S P of C 1st'
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
' .-'-¦ Bld.Aak.t V.V- ¦ Bid. Ask.
ta qr coup... 111^112 , '*a qr c <new)137%I3hVi
is qr rer. ..111^4112 Ss.qr coup. .1U8% 100 Ys
SATURDAY, May 3- 12 m.
STOCK AND'' B01TD EXCHANGE.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From ; Page •Thirty-five
per share, recently declared, will -be payable In
this city and at" the transfer agency - In "New
York May 22. / : ¦•-/.- 5«SSS !
rHE SAN FRANCISCO} jGALL, SUNDAY, MA^ 4, 1902.
39
~w SPECIAL NOTICES.
it?-h'i^ , ted l ? cure aU caseB ot bleeding.
nU «-i.h™Ti Eternal or protruding
Ft»n%i^ ?ioo fa ii*'' no ma «er of how. long
: _ standing. 1628 Devlsadero s'W. near Sutler!
N SJvSS T ?,J HE PUBLIC-A. F, PAHLKE
J? Prnrl Mr ? Wn Marcn 12 - 1902 - from " D.
all « & CO ' S show card - bu^ness.
«,,L!5 C 2 Ua f? a Kainst said firm will be as-
sumed by D. m. PIDGE. 25 Geary St.. S. F.
¦^hV.'^ 1 * 1118 *J««ed for $4: collections" made:
rA 7 r < * l:mr *- PACIFIC COLLECTION
u>-, 41^ Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5880.
CH >?i^ P Fe ST and best in America— The Weekly
ijtv.* .^-Mgcs. s*nt to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
H5^ij[^ aiACHI^?_ ! L A . XP suppi -i ES -
ALT. kinds bought, sold, rented'. exchanpedTr^
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 32C4. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
P1EU^-RODOLPH^oTa^T&l^vlng~Co]ToN
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage: advances made. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf uss.
j BEKINS Van -and Storage Co.. 030 Market st.;
; tel. Main 18*0; rhlpping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore yt.: rhone Jackson 2S1.
TO LEASE. • . -. .
TO SALT MAKERS, k ./
To rent— About 150 acres of salt marsh,
suitable for the manufacture of salt, near
Alvarado, Alameda County, In the center of
a sal t-rctking district and on navigable waters.
For^ particulars apply to the Alameda Sugar
Co.. 132 Market et.. San Franclscor-
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated In Mill Valley; 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco: comoletely furnished; in good
condition; 40 rooms: steam and hot water
baths; electric lights: -heaters throughout:
elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply MADISON
& BURKE; ;;0 Montjomery st.. or ROB-
ERTS. Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
AXD SUPPLIES..
GREAT BARGAINS^lN^TYP^WR^ERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors ;estlmate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEW K 1T1 XG AND MIMEO A PHI NG.
EXPERT typewriting. 4<j folio: copies. 2c; mim-
\eographltig. 927 Markt, rm. 305; Howard 1KJIJ.
PROPOSALS. ¦
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bid3 are solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
t!on to the Bacon Art Gallery and Library
| Building on . the grounds ¦ of the University
rf California at Berkeley. Alameda County,
»nd said bids or proposals will -be received
at the office of the secretary of the Board
cf Regents, .room ¦ 16." South Hall, ' Berkeley,
Cal.. at or before 2 o'clock p. m.'of the 15th
of May, 1002. And notice is hereby further
given that the plans and spscifications of said
building have been .made and adopted, and
Vre placed in the above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
eech day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until the said 12th day
of May, 1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the «ame are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
poser equal to ten (10) .per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties. ' conditioned
that, If said bid or proposal shall be accepted
tho party proposing will duly, enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
and obligations in accordance with said pro-
posal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are h«"-eby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any and
al! bids is hereby 'reserved.
This notice is given pursuant to an act
entitled, "An act to amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
of California,' approved March 25. 1S68. and
an act amendatory of section 25 thereof ap-
proved March 28, 1S72. relating" to the "con-
struction of buildings," approved* March 3,
1897. By order of the Committee on Grounds
and Buildings of the Board of Regents. W
A." McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
I '•-','¦ '-. PIVIIJK^ U KO ' ric ES. " ""-
j DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 41, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per chare on the issued capi-
tal stock. of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-4-6. Hayward building. San Francisco, on
May 10. 1802. Transfer books close May 3
1002. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
MABBIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Gustav Thaler. 22, Oakland, and Olivia F.
Stewart. 21, city.
Bernhard J. Page, 20, 720 Turk street, and
Adda M. Nordman. 23, 1264 O'Farrell street.
George Brans, as. El Verano, and Hattie E.
Dobble, 22, Haywards.- •
William S. Howard, 36, city, and Louise J.
Whitaker. 30, city. - • ,
Louis C. Hansen, 27, Berkeley, and Sarah
A. McGee, 38, city.
j Frederick J. Nicholls. 24, Tehachapi, and
: Lizzie Phillips, 23. 2533 Mission street.
Frank A. White, 26, city, and Mary I.
Miguel, 30, city. . i
Antonln Bouyssou, 25, <i'i'j Pine street, -and
Valerie Cerciat. 21, 404 Stockton street.
Manuel Beltencourt. 20, 75 Jackson street,
and Clara Suiza, 23, 839 Vallejo street.
I Carlos de la Guerra, 49,' Santa Barbara, and
Franclsca M. Webb, 38, New York City.
Jackson B. Barnes, 2fi, 273 Seventh street,
and May Larkee, 37. 273 Seventh street.
Michael J. B. Daneri, 25. 1012 Montgomery
street, and- Carrie SanBalll, 19, 431 Union st.
Lars O'.een. 38, 1410 Fifteenth street; and
! Fredreke Pettersen, 2S, 1410 Fifteenth street.
! Jose Silveira, 22, S8 Jackson street, and
1 Mary P. Cabral, "17, 210 Drumm street.
I Richard A. Jordan, 35, Alameda. and Lottie
j L. Barrere, 24, city.
Myers A. Preston. 24, C03 Baker street, and
Alice M. Gardner. 19. COT Baker street.
j BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
i " Birth, marriage and death . notices sent by
n-.ail will not be inserted. They must be handed
j in at either of the publication offlcts and ba
I lndorfced wllh {he name and residence of per-
j eons authorized to have the same published. '
I ; boen.
j BRAUNSCHWEIG — In this city. May 1. 1902,
' to the ¦ wife of Charles Braunschweig, a
J .daurhter. - " '
DAVIDSON — In this city. April 27, 1902, to
; the wife of John W. Davidson, a son.
i EWERS — In San Luis Obispo, 1 April 4, 1902,
to the wife -cf G. I.. Ewers,- a daughter.
FLEISHMAN — In this city, April 30, 1902, "to
the wife of A. H. Fleishman, a daughter.
FUREY— In this city. May 3, 1902, to the wife
! of G. M. Furey, a daughter. ¦„
GILLMORE— In this' city, April 5, 1902, to the
wife of McClelland Gill more, a son..
GLIEBE — In this city. April 20. 1902, to the
wife of Frank Gliebe, a son..
GLINDEN — In this city. April 23, 1902, to the
- - wife of M. H. Glinden, a daughter.
GROWNEY— In this city, April lid, 1902, to the
wife of W. H. Grownfey, a son.
. HARKINS— In this city, April 29. 1902, to the,
wife of Charles G. Harkins, a daug:hter. N -
HUBBARD— In this city, April 26, 1902, to tbe
wife of H. S. Hubbard, a daughter.
HASEMANN— In this city, April 23, 1902, to
the wife, of H. Hasemann, a daughter.
, JAMES— In this city. April 27. 1902, to the
wife ot Captain Dan James, a son. -
KAYSER— In this city, Aorll 25, 1902, to the
. wife of Georce Kayser.-a son. ¦ ¦
ROSS— April 20. 1902. to the wife of Almon ,T.
Roes of Valona, Contra Costa County, Cal.,
t a son. ¦ • ¦ . ¦ ' . . : .
BOSSETTI— In this city. April 26, 1902, to the
wife of W. A. Roesettl, a son.
TvrA"R/R/rF,T>, ¦— — — — —
BRUNS— DOBBEL— In this city. May 3, 1902,
by. the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson. George
. Brune of Kl Verano. Sonoma County, and
x Hattie E. Dobbel of Haywards, Alameda
. County. - . • ¦
DAVIS— MORSE— In SDarta, Wis., April 23,
1902. Lewis M. Davis of Tecumseh. Nebr.,
'and Emma L. Morse of San Francisco. ¦
KRAUSE— HAMILTON— In this city. May 1,
1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Briggs, pastor
Central M. E. Church, Hiram Kran*e and
Mary Hamilton, both of Kan . Francisco, i
LEE — FARNER — In Oakland.: May 1. 15)02, by
the Rev. E. R. Dllle. Oscar Coiner Lee of
Oakland and Bertha . Gardner Farner of Se- ¦
attle. Wash. . . - ;¦- i
LUND— VOLKMAN— In thla city, May 3. 1902.
by the Rev. Dr--E. Nelander. paetor of the
First Enrllsh Lutheran Church, Peter Ren-
hold Lund and.Hortense" Adelheid Voikman,
both of £an Francisco.
OLIVER— PATTERSON— In. Oakland. April
30. 1902. by the. Rev. E. R. Dille, William
Oliver of "Stockton and May Patterson of San
Francisco. . < •/'¦>-;•
OLSENi— HECKMAN — In Oakland, May 1,
1002,' by the Rev. O. , Groeneberg, Npls Olsen
and Louisa Heckman.
PERRY— DENIS— In this city, April 28,' 1902,
by the R«v/ J. J/ Prendergast. V. G.,' Charles
J. Perry of CenterviHe and Mary S. Denis of
San Francisco. ' > ., '
STONE— CROYLAND— In -this city. Anril 26,
.1902, by the Rev. < W. M.. White,. Louis Stan-
wood Stone and Caroline *M.' Croyland.
AUCTION SALES'
CLOSIM-OIT SALE!
Having consolidated our milk trade with that
of - the . Standard Milk Company we will sell
at public auction our entire rolling stock, con-
sisting of 60 well-broken ' gentle, horses, singt*
and double harness, bike carts, road buggies,
together with office fixtures and one large 1»
chest. Sale takes place at company's lato
plant.
121-723 HOWARD ST. %
MONDAY, MAY 5. AT 1 P. M.
" ' "¦• SANTA CLARA MILK CO.
£* '•' fe $£> &*
Sale of Thoroughbreds !
On Tuesday, May 6, at H a. m., I will sell
the great stake winners VOHICKR. WILLIAM
ACK and EARL W. At the same time (by
order of the Court) the following: RIO CHT-
CO. MOCORITO. IRMA A, GUS ABERCROSI-
BIE. JOSIK H and MIMI. besides the magni-
ficent untried two- year-old -.fllly REVOLT, by :
St. Carlo-Anarchy. Also saddles, blankets,
hoods, bridles, etc. This Is A rare chance to get
good money winners that are Jn perfect condi-
tion. OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
246 Third st. WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
JTW " I will sell next TUESDAY, jjv^
- x - r - May 6, 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom >- r * v
St.. 20 horses, all styles camp, peddling and
express wagons, harness and 40 styles of busi-
ness and rubber tire hussies. .--."'«- .:.»
OCEAN TRAVEL. [
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
''^^^ Steamers leave Broadway
l^atiL-- • Wharf, San Francisco:
BgSftgfe **or Ketchikan. Jur.pau.
MKJg. SflUwfc. Skaguay, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
Kg>Kg^a m.. May 6. 11, 16. 21, 2t>. 31.
Ei^SsS^i June 5 - Chanse to com-
i t2w5»»2r&1 Pa n V'3 .-iteamers at Seattl".
I l^^^K/StSa or Victoria. Vancouver,
Pert Townser.d, Settle. Ta-
'¦ Tr* coma. Everett. New What-
com — 11 a- m.; May 6. 11. 10, 21. 26, 31. June
5. Change at Seattle to this Company" ¦
steamera for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at SeattTe
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. . m.,
May 7. 12. 17. 22. 27, June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), .San 'Dieso and. Santa Barbara —
Sahta Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 8 a. ret. ¦
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucus. San Luis Obispo
(via Port ' Harford),, . Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 9 a. m>.. May 8. 14, 22. 30, June 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. May 10, 18. 26. June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each-'
month. « . - ¦
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates^ .
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomerr
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen, Agents,"
.... '10 Market st.. San Franci3co.
Pacific Coast Steamship Go.
_F0R^
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1 .
.VALENCIA • JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loaa.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Non»»
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Franclaco.
O. R. & N» CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Folnts, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
IiO"WS!ST
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails May 3, 13. 23, June 2
S3 GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8.. IS, 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
D. "W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt., 1 Mong'y. a F.
TOYO KISEN KAlSflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR.
ner First and Branitan" streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling, at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong witn steamera for India,
etc. ~ No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
SS NIPPON MARU. '...Friday, May Oth, 1002
E3" AMERICA MARU
i .-....' - Wednesday, June 4th.' 1002
SS. HONGKONG MARU ".
- Saturday. June 2Sth. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
frc-lght and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street. ' corner ' First. ¦
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South' American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m. '
GUATEMALA.. May 14ICOLOMBIA . . .June 21
PALENA May 31ITUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and' South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office. 318 California street.
j BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
VVVWHVV»V»1>V3 CtSECTUNElQTAHlTt
SS. AUSTRALIA, for- Tahiti..
"... , Sunday, May 4, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu "
Saturday. May 10, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thura., -May 22, 10 a. m.
I.D. SPEZCIE3 k BROS. CO., Geisral ACS., 329 Martet
Geii'l Pass. Gfflcs, 643 Maftet si, Piei D. 7. Paciflc St.
MOM!? N*A.T.&T.Co.'s
lYUlUij* Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about .June 1st
San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free to Seattle.
. Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agent*,
630 Market St.. S. F.
PANAMA R. .feW .
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
¦ Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll... ...Sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelanaw. -Sails Saturday. May 10
From Harrisonfst. "Wharf. Pter in. at 2 p. m.
Freight and F'assenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
COKFASKIS QSMEEALS TRANS ATI, ANTIQC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 45vS»3
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. iw"t1» .
North - River/ foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70- and upward. Second
cl&«3 ' to Havre. $43 and upward.- GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
¦AJDA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York' J.' F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Paciflc Coast
Agents,' 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMEKICAX LINE.* „
• NEW YORK. 'SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON-
St~ PauLMay 14. 10 am Phlla...:May 38. 10 am
St.Louls.May 21. 10 am St. Paul.June 4, 10 am
... • RKli STAR LI.M2.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. .PARIS. *
Southwrk.May 14. noon|Kensingtn.May2S. noon
Vaderland.May21, noonlZeeland.. .June .4, noon
INTERNATIONAL' NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYL0R.G. A.P.C..30 Montgfm'y 3t.
E AY AND RIVES STEAMERS.
FoirirriiAfrY^
Sleamere. GEN.. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO-
" »:45 a."m., 3:15 and.8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p.. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 1 a." m., 4:15 p. m.. Fare 50
cenls. ¦¦ Telephone -Main 1308.- Landing and
of flee, pier 2. " Mission-street doc*. HATCH
. DIED^
Bassignano, . Susan Mangan, Thomas F.
¦ Boland, Mary A. Mayer. Christian F.
Bray. William H. Mayers, . Nellie ' I.
Butler, LUHe f Miramontes, Teasea
Cook, Hermann Nathan.' Jessie .-
Daley. William L. O' Br len, John
Denechaud, Mary A. Oppenheim, Alma"
Denker, Sebern B.' Pettlngill, Frank
Etanes, John R. ;Ra;;on. Austin
Farrel. Henry K. Rich," Alice J.
Fitzgerald. Thomas Ryan. Hannah »
Frltzschen. Mathilda Sanchez, Francisco
• Goldman. Isaac A. Shorton, Florence C.
Green. Mary Smith. Charles C.
Hannibal, Henry L. Stearns, Charles A.
Hartmann. Frederick Steuart, Irvine
Healy. Timothy" D. Btraub, -Bertha.
Hundesser, Carl A.' ( Theisen. Elizabeth V
. Kloppenbure, Otto \ Uri. Theresa «
Kuckens, Emilie Wagner. Frederick*
McCarthy, Catherine Wertheimer, Isaac
McCIoskey, Ann Wightman, James 8.
Mrs. Anne
BASSIGNANO— An anniversary '-. high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the Baul
of the late Susan Bassignano at St. Bren-
dan'a Church, corner Fremont and Harrison
streets, to-morrow, (Monday) morning, at 9.
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances . are ' re-
spectfully invited to attend.
BOLAND— In this city. May 3, 1902, Mary. A.,
beloved daughter of Richard and - the latt;
Julia Boland. and granddaughter of Mr. and
' Mrs. Brcsnahan of Vallejo, Cal., a native -of
; San Francisco, aged 11 months.
BRAY— In Oakland, April 29, 1002, William
. H., husband of Grace S. Bray,' a native Of
England, a«ed IV years 9 months and ,21
days. (Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.)
[CyThe funeral . services will be held to-
day (Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock.- at the fu-
neral parlors of Bunker & Lunt. 2(366 Mls-
' sion btreet. ~ between Twenty-second ' and
Twenty-third, Mission Masonic Temple. In-
terment private. ¦
BUTLER— In Oakland. May 3,^1002, Llllie
Butler, beloved daughter of Otis and Bertha
Butler, a native of Oakland, aged 11 months
and 2G days.- . , ' ¦' . ¦
COOK— In Birdsall. Frultvale, Aoril 30, 1002.
Hermann, beloved husband of Anna-Oooit,'
- and brother of Henry,'' Doris, Mrs. Johanna
Brcmbacher and the late Louis Cook, a na-
tive of Bremen, Germany, aged 49 years 5
. months and 2(i days. -
¦ EP Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited | to | attend the funeral services
Sunday, May 4, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
German Methodist Church,, corner. East
Seventeenth street and. Twenty-third avenue.
East Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery! ,- •* .- - ¦ - :, ' ..
DALEY— In this city. May 3. 1902. William
L., beloved son of Johannah . and the late
James Daley, and brother of James T. Daley
and Mrs. Mary Muldowney, a native of San
FranciBco. ased 30 years 11 months and 23
days. . ¦ ¦ - ._ -¦
. tCyRemains at the parlors of the Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaklns Company, 20 Fifth
street. • , ' ',
DEXECHAUD— In thiB city, May • 2, 1902,
Mary A. Denechaud, beloved wife of the late
John Denechaud, and • beloved mother of
Eleanor, Dolores and Frances Denechaud, a
native of Ireland, aged 51 years 1 month and
8 days. ¦ • . ¦ . . '. ." . ;
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 549 Valencia street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, corner Sixteenth and Dolores streets,
where a mass will be said for the repose of
her soul, commencing, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
r. ment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
DENKER— In this city, May 3,-1902, Sebern
B. Denker, ¦ dearly beloved husband of Mar-
tha E. Denker. and father - of -£eb<>rn- and
Walter Denker, Mrs. Lillian McCauley^and
Mrs. Rose KeppeT,-~a native of • Germany,
aged 74 years 4 months and 20 days. -.-': • V '
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at; 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 464 Hayes street, between Gough and
Octavia, thence by electric funeral car leav-
ing corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 2 o'clock sham to Mount Olivet Cemetery
for interment. . . . . ' "
EVANES — In this city. May 3, 1902. John R.
Evanes, a native of London, England.
1 (ETRemalns at the parlors of the, Henry J.
Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
FARREL— In this city. May 3,' 1902,. Henry
Edward, beloved aon of Edward and Teresa
Farrel, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 0 months and 10 days:
FITZGERALD— In the City and County Hos-
pital, May 2, 1902, Thomas Fitzgerald, aged
about 65 years.-
FRITZSCHEN— In Oakland, . May 1, 1902, Ma-
thilda C. W., beloved wife of Hermann B.
Fritzschen, mother of Mabel and the late
Albert Fritzschen. daughter of Mrs. •- Anna
C. Manjrels. and sister of Mrs. C. Flath-
tnann. Mrs. E. Fricke. Mrs. J. H. Holjes
and H. J.. Charles D. and W. F. Mangels,
a native of Germany, aged 36 years 5 months
and 6 days. ./
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, May. 4. 1902, at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 1307. Peralta street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GOLDMAN — In this city. May 3, ' 1902. Isaae
A. Goldman, ¦¦ beloved father' of- Mrs. A.
-Kline, Mrs. E. Stelnman, —Mrs. *L.-"-LeTy.
Mrs. B. Fleischer and Albert, Mark L., Louis
J., Sam L. and Ben F. Goldman, a native Of
Bavaria, asred 80 years.
m?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
May 5, at 10 o'clock, from his late residence,
1404 O'Farrell street. Cremation private^
GREEN— In this city. May 3, 1902. at her
residence, 1109 Treat avenue, Mary, relict of
the late William Green, and beloved mother
of Mrs. C. Lund, Mrs. C. H. Wise and Wil-
liam and Louis Gre«n, a native of Bandon,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 years 1 month
and 14 days. .
HANNIBAL— In Martinez, May 2, 1902, Henry
L. Hannibal, husband" of Mrs. Carrie E.
Hannibal, and father of Carrie L., Elisabeth
M. and Lucie D. Hannibal, a native of North
Carolina, aged 82 years. (Vallejo and Sac-
ramento papers Dlease copy.)
IC^The funeral will take place from H. J.
Curry's undertaking parlors at Martinez on
Sunday, May 4,. 1902, at 2:30 o'clock: Inter-
ment will talce place in San Francisco. "
HARTMANN— In this flty. May 3, 1902,' Fred-
erick E. Hartmann. beloved husband of Eliza
M.- Hartmann,- father of Henry Hugo, Edgar '
M. and Gaston Hartmann. and father-in-law
of Mrs. Hettie W. Hartmann, a native of
Emendingen, Baden, Germany, aged 85 years
3 months and C days. '
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HEALY— In Sacramento, May 1, 1902, Timothy
D., beloved son of Daniel and Josephine
• Healy. and brother of Mary, Dano and ' Jo-
seph Healy, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years 4 months and 12 days. . >,
CTTriendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral . Sunday
afternoon, at 1:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his father, 251(5 J street, I Sacramento,
thence to St. Francis Church, where funeral
services will be held, commencing ;.; at.- -2
o'clock. Interment St. Joseph's Cemetery.
HUNDESSER^In this cKy, May 3, 1902, Carl
A.: L. Hundesser, beloved father of Otto
Hundesser, a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged SO years 2 months and 1 . day.
(EyRemains at the funeral parlors of H.
F. Maass, 917 Mission street. .
KLOPPENBURG— In this city. May 1, 1902,
Otto, dearly beloved husband of Lucie Klop-
penburg. father of Mrs. l'hillp Kiefer, and
grandfather of Otto C, Gustave H. and"
Harry N. Kiefer, a native of Scharmbeck.
Germany, aged 84 years 1 months and 27
days. ¦ : ¦ i-Ji
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), May 4, at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 224 Grove street, between Van
Nets- avenue and Franklin streets. -Inter*'
'.. ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Pleasa .omit
flowers. '
KUCKENS — In this city. May 3, 1902, Emilie,
beloved wife of the late Henry Kuckens, a
native of Berlin, ' Germany, aged 63 .years.
CTTriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the Darlors of
H. F. Suhr k Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. i. . N
MCCARTHY— In this city, May 2, 1902, Cath-
erine McCarthy, i beloved wife of Pfter Mc-
Carthy, a native of Ireland, aged 70 j years.'
ET'The funeral . will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock; from . St. James
Church, J corner. Guerrero and Twenty-third
streets. Where. services will be held. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCLOSKEY— In this city, May 3/ 1902, Ann.
beloved wife of John McCIoskey, and mother
of Mary and Henry.. McCIoskey, a native of
County Derry, '.Ireland. • ¦>¦ . -^.
¦, - %y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resl-
. tlence, 77 Natoma street, ;• thence to Bt " Pat-
rlck's Church, where a requiem high : mass
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagah & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
.20 Fifth st., opposite : Lincoln School, . ., .
Telephone ' South , 80. • • ¦
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
*--.". Telephone ; Bush 367.. -.-¦'
! " "..¦¦¦-•'.¦¦¦¦¦... .:'.;;':
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
~ Samuel McFaddtn. 18 years manager, for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.'J.
McBrearty, with , the same company for 10
years; P. F." Green, late with J.C.. O'Con-
nor &Co.. hav« opened new Funeral Par-'
lors at 1171 ¦ Mission st., between : Seventh
-and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ;.;;":
JAMBS WcGINN, v;;-;^
Formerly . with " McGinn ' Bros/,' ¦ has opened s
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.,. bet.
Taylor and Jones.- Telephone South 576." r :
' !WITESljN33ERTAKraS1
- { ¦: a? nni i • 29 Fi f « h St. Tel. South iaz 1 1
niNERAL DICE CTORS ANO EMUALM ER5. g
I . nntM Equipment Jkt -. Moderate _ Rates. V .
¦'"will '.be celebrated for' the repose of her sbul
; at 0:30 o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
'- .tery. ,;¦;-"¦ ' : '. •¦;;¦:¦¦'."..-.'¦'., -•-"¦¦.. "
MAGUIRE— In " this city. -May 2, 1902, Mrs.
'Anne • Maguire, jfbrloved' wlfe ; of Owen .Ma- 1
guire andrniother of • Dr. .Charles S. and
the late Dr. Andrew A. Maguire, and-sister
of; Mrs. ':¦ Elizabeth % Maguire,'. a native ) ot
Maeroom, Counjy Cork, - Ireland. - . ¦ . . . ' " •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend | the i funeral Monday,
Mriy 5 at 0 o'clock, from her late residence,
. 271) Page . - street,' ¦ thence to . Safired f Heart
I Church, where a requiem: high" ma*s will be
celebrated for the repose, of her. soul, I com-
mencing : at- 0:30 o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.; 'J -N;.'..
MANGAN— In this city. May 2, 1002, Thomas
F., beloved husband of Mary Mangan, father
' of Thomas, William, Edward, - Clarence - and
lAloysius - Mansan, and brother of Eugene.
Katie and Esther Mangan and Sister Zeta
of the Holy Family, a native of " New • York
City, aged 45 years. - - " - \ . < .
,- t^-The funeral will • take place to-day
(Sunday)," at 1 o'clock, from his late - resi-
'dence, 12 Ford street, thence to ¦ Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ; .-' • .
MAYER— In this 'city, May 2,- 1902, Christian
F.I beloved husband of the late Elise Mayer,
father, of F. C. Mayer," and brother ofC.-G.
Mayer, a" native of ¦ Wurtemburg," Germany,
: aged ¦- 74 years >. 5 months . and 8 days. TA.
•member of Slgel Hain No. 7, U. A. O. D.
: CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), May 4, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1228 Railroad avenue, .South' San
* Francisco. 'Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
. .teiy. . . '• •• '¦ '. ' • ¦ - - \ ¦' •• c
MAYERS— In this city, May 1, 1002, Nellie
I lsa belle, beloved daughter of John and Anna
J. Mayers, and sister of Waller H., Carrie
- J., Edjrar-J. and Vera Mayers,' a native of
Stockton, Cal. , , , - . . ¦ ¦
C?" Friends and acqualntanf es are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral, to-day 1
i (Sunday)," at 12:45 -o'clock,', from her- late
- residence, 817% Golden Gate avenue, ¦ under
the auspices of Lincoln "Lodge No. 2, Friends
of the Forest, thence to St. Stephen's Church
1 ' for services commencing at 1:30 o'clock. In-
terment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery. J
MIRAMONTES— In this city, May 3, 1002.
Teasea, beloved 'daughter of Rufina Ch. de
. Mlramontes, and sister of Charles and Josefa
Mlramontes and Mrs. F. M. de Reyes, a na-
tive of. Mazatlan, Mexico, aged 25-years 10
..months and 25 days. f - ' ¦ ¦ . .'¦'¦.• .".;-. -.:;
NATHAN— In this city. May 3. 1 1002, , Jessie,
relict of Nathaniel J. Nathan, and mother of
John, Bernard. Esther and Morty Nathan
¦ and Mrs. C. D. Simmons, a" native r of ¦ Eng-
land, aged 5-t years 3 months and 12 days.
¦cy Funeral and ' interment will take place
at»S&cramento . Monday, May- 6, 1002. •• sV
O'BRIEN— In Oakland,' May 3. 1902, John, be-
loved husband ¦ of Mary- O'Brien,' father of
Dan' and John O'Brien, and brother of Mrs.
.Hennersy of ¦ Manhattan, N. Y., a native of
Ireland, aged (ffl'years and • 11 months. ¦
• K7"Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - Monday,
¦ at 8:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 514
Fifth street, : thence to the . Church of • the
Immaculate Conception, .where a requiem-
'hish- mass will be celebrated for the -repose
of" his soul,- commencing at 0 o'clock. . In-
. terment St. Mary's Cemetery.
OPPENHEIM— In • this city. May 2. 1302,
Alma, infant daughter of Robert and Lalla
Orpenhelm. •.•"•,.'' -
PETTINOILL — In the City and County Hospi-
' tal, May 3, 1902, Frank Pettlnglll, . a native
of New Hampshire; aged 55 years. ; ,.
RAG0N-*-In this city, •'., May 3, 1902, - Austin
" Ragon, beloved 'husband of Margaret Ragon,
.a native of '"Maryland,', aged 32 years 3
-months and 3 days. A member of Branch
-.No. 22, Glass Bottle Blowers' . Association of,
the United States and Canada. (
tt^Remains at the funeral parlors of H.'
F. Maass, 917 Mission ; street. ' i, .:¦ . ..¦¦.¦ .
RICH— In this city. May 3,- 1002, Alice Jane
' Rich, beloved wife of the late D. W. Rich,
and mother of L. B. Rich, a native of Rich-
mond, Va:, aged SO years/ .
RYAN— In this city; May 3, 1902, . Hannah,
Ryan, sister of the late John C. and Edward
Ryan, a native of Clonmel, County Tipper-
ary, Ireland, aged 75 years. , , . ¦¦"< -.a
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her ' late resi-
dence. 311 Eddy street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
"be celebrated for- the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
.Cross Cemetery. •.-•'. .
BANCHEZ— In .Millbrae. May 3, 1902, Fran-
cisco Sanchez, a native of California, aged
46 years. ': .
SHORTON— In this . city. May 2, 1902. Flor-
ence Cecilia, beloved- daughter, of William
and Mary Shorton, and dearly beloved sis-
ter of Marlon E. Shbrton, a native of, San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 2 months."
C3T Friends and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited " to attend . the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10:30 " o'clock, from the- resi-
dence of her parents, 649% Stevenson street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH — In this city. May. 3, 1902, Charles
Clancy. • son of. the late Charles and Ann
Eliza Smith, beloved brother ¦ of Mrs. Char-
' lotte E. Dixon, and brother-in-law of > Ed-
mund Dlxon. a native of San Francisco, aged
¦ '48 years 1 month and 3 days, r A member of
Aerial Lodge No. 2442. G. U. O. of O. FJA ;
' :¦ C7"Frienda and; acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at Z ion
. A. M. E. Church. Stockton street, between
¦ Clay and Sacramento.' Remains at the. resi-
dence of Mrs. - Edmund Dixon. 737-Vallejo
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
STEARNS— In this : city. May. 1. 1902, 1 Charles
A. Stearns, formerly of Aurora, 111., a native
of New Hampshire,-, aged 82 years 11 months
¦ and 2-1 dars. -"^ • ¦ - ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦'..¦¦•¦ - • . 1 -, •;
ICTRemalns at 'the funeral parlors ot
Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909 Mission
street, • betweeen ¦ Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
"Funeral and Interment at Aurora, III. . -- :
STEUART— In this city, May 3, 1C02," Irvine
Steuart, a native of Scotland, ased 59 years.
¦':- (C7Friends 'are respectfully invited- to at-
-tend the funeral' services to-morrow (Mon- j
day), at 2 o'clock,- at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co., 041 Sacramento - street. " Interment
private.'
STRAUB— In this city. May 2, 1902, Bertha,
beloved wife of ' Frank. Straub, and mother
of Freddie and Albert Straub. a native ot
Germany, aeed 32 years 1 month and 24!
days. ¦ . ¦ ' . ¦ ' " ¦' ' • '¦ ¦ ¦¦¦'..'¦
"ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the - funeral to-daj-
(Sunday), at 2 otclock, from the funeral pat- |
'.lors of Bunker^ & Lunt,-" 2(iC(> Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
¦ streets, Mission Masonic Temple.' Interment
—^lount. Olivet Cemetery. - : • ', ; "
THEISEN— In this city. May 2, 1902, Eliza-
beth beloved wife of the late John Theisen,
< and beloved mother of Mrs. J. C- Witt, L.
Theisen, Mrs. W., Russell and Josephine and
1 Emma Thelsen,'. &' native of Bavaria," Ger-
aged , 61 years 2 months and 25 days.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to • attend ¦ the funeral to-day
(Sunday), May 4. at 2:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 310 Persia avenue, between
Madrid and Lisbon . streets. Interment
Cypress. Lawn Cemetery.
URI— May 3, 19U2. Therese Url, beloved wife of
Isidore Uri, mother of Jeannette, Julie, Stella
and Felix Uri, daughter of Samuel Hecht,
and sister- of Mrs. | Green and ! Mrs. s Davis,
" a" native of Bphemia, Austria, aged 41 years,
and . 8 : months'. - ; • -• - ' ,¦ \ ' -.; .
WAGNER— -In this • city. May 3, 1002, Fred-
erlcka . Waener, beloved mother 'of ¦ F. J.,
- Mamie and Katie - Wagner, a native of Ger-
many, aged CO years 4 months. and 3 days.
WERTHEIMER-r-In Medill. Missouri. April
30, 1902. Isaac - Wertheimer, beloved father
. 'of Monroe'. A. Wertheimer, formerly "of San
.Diego, a native of Germany, aged 67 "years.
(CJ^The funeral cortege , will start from
5 Third and Townsend streets at 11:15 o'clock
Sunday, May 4. Services will be held at.
•Home of Peace - Cemetery. f- *.:;* - ¦_•
WIGHTMAN — In this city. May 1, -1002, James
, S. "Wlchtman, beloved husband of . the late
Lizzie Wlghtman, and beloved father of>Hat-
" tie, John, Alice and ." Albert rWlghtman, - a
native, of, Belfast,^ Ireland, aged 36 years 6
' .months and 15 days. A member of . the
1 PUedrivers' and" Bridee - Builders' ' . Union
• N0..1. -•':.. ¦ --.¦¦. ¦' . ••, ¦ a: ¦¦¦: .- .;¦¦
- \itT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday),' at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
. dence.i 8509 Seventeenth ' street, corner Guer-
-¦ rero. Interment . Mount . Olivet Cemetery by
' electric funeral car from - Seventeenth and
.Guerrero streets. ; •_ ¦¦''-,'. . ..'
Florist Go^
>^ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
i Prices .Reasonable . .
107 MWELLST.NMRELLIS^Xf 5056
SHIBELEYS THE FLORIST.
; , ' HOTHOUSE ROSES, FRESH, - :
TSVENTY-FIVE ' CENTS PER DOZ. . -
SWEET. PEAS. '10c PER BUNCH.' ¦
311 SUfTTER ST.
- : Phone Grant 197.': V / . . . ¦
ROOMS FOR HJOCSKKEEPHfG.^
«d eunny suit. *»SgSj $16 to $20 suite.
L'^AMeI:
ggg^^^g; tel^E** 312. Sutter 41.
' 7~. —^Tl Sunny suites.* with
"t^iPtl-^og%t C ve. $12 to $2U.
cow' -*£^£&jjri ertrtc liKhts; flrst-Class.
p^^ZNk^nn>" fl ' onl room sulUble for
*2 vaaa «° <a - • ..
— — — —^rTTniiddle fiat)— Fine front room.
~2w s*r<i well lurnished; sun all day;- hot
H?<i water. baUi. phone, with 2 other
m SilsbS ro-ra*. all complete tor house-
kininff" every convenience; see them; sult-
£bTe fir g or 4 adults; reasonable.
-i-prKTli*. nr - 2 s«nny Mnfurn. house-
A k^ing'rp'^"^- in fllit nr " Mt8Slon c*r; *^-
TTfBTH t.%3— Furnished housekeeping: S, $12;
3 1 for tSK 2 beds; hot bath «: also single
bods, g "P :
I-OLSOM €20— Large sunny furnished on first
floor; iarsre grounds; for family with children.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. €22—2 sunny front
rooms; bay window; gas range; bath/ . ,
HYDE. «0S— Sunny back parlor with kitchen, j
suitable ior S; large room, gas stcve, hskpg. |
JEPflE. 333 — Large eunny front bay-window
room, furnished for housekeeping; $10. ¦
LARKIX, 716 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
LKAVEXV.OUTII, 411— Nicely furnished sun-
ny housckeeylnr rooms for rent.
LINDEN ave.. 324. upstairs — Nice sunny front
room for :::an and wife; use of kitchen.
McALLISTER. SOS— Nicely furnished sunny
connecting suite; Elnk; gas range; bath; laun-
dry; nhone; $10. ¦ ¦ , .
McALLISTOt. 105o — Furnished eunny room,
with or without kitchen; hot water: range-
bath: $6. 31". S15.
iilXNA. 2S— Sunny furnished front hous«keep-
int: single and double; rooms 75c, $1 week.
NATOMA. S2, cor. Second — Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms.
NINTH. 113 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath: rent reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1303. corner G^ary — Large sunny
furnished room, with kitchen, pantry, closet,
sas stove.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
SG. J*. $10 and $12; also housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH, 102%— Newly furnished rooms, also
housekeeping rooms.
fcTOCKTON. 120tf— Model house;- newly fura.
slnrle. double hskpg. rms. ; free gas; bath.
TEN'TH. 14S — Housekeeping rooms; also sln-
r>: rent ohcap. 1
TURK, "US — Sunny bedroom and kitchen; gas
and bath; J14 50; also front parlor.
Tl'RK. 545 — 2 front furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas; bath; phone.
TWENTT-SIXTH] 3355^ corT Capp— House-
keeping-. everjthing furnished; single rooms.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscrlptions has been established at 10di
Valencia st. - . j
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address la tbe
fnited States or Canada one year for $1.
postagg paid. I ¦ ¦
1IOOTIS TO LET--Fnrn. and Pnfara.
ARGYLE Hotel. 23* McAllister— New. elegant,
sunny; T5<* day upward: rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
_ crill room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 145 Sirth— Rooms.
2Sc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern. 7th and Mission — Changed
hands: 100 rooms newly, renovated; 50u to
$1 Z0 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Pcwell. corner Geary—
Eunny rras.v single, double; mod. conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated: turn, suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month: bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
f niched rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
EUSH. U05 — Pleasant room; for gentleman;
running water; 15 minutes Call office; <9.
CLIFFORD.' 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furrifhed sunny rooms; prices reasonable. |
Et DY. 112S. opposite Jefferson square— Large J
elegantly furnished sunny rooms from J10 j
up; privilege light housekeeping; also basc-
rcrnt to .l"t.
KIGHTH. 22SH— Bay-window front room; pri-
rate family. j
321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 iHgttt; $1 SO. f6 week; open all eight.
ELLIS, -325 — Single and double rooms neatly
furnished; also housekeeping rooms.
ELLL3. <iO6 — 2 large sunr.y rooms. 1 parlor
suite, $10 upward.
ELLIS, 1229 — Elegant suite of 3 or 4 rooms;
new flat; v«>ry desirable for physician.
ELLIS. 122» — Sunny room In elegant new fiat
for gentleman.
FGLSOM. &20. near Fourth — Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. . •
GTAKY. 4C5 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
er suites and single; travelers accommodated. ;
HARRISON. ' 7S4U. near Fourth— Finely fur-
niEhcd rocme; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 1*59 — Nice front room for two, $8;
private family. ¦
HOWARD. 10C; — 2 sunny connecting furnished
housekpg. rooms; running water; $10; others.
HOWARD, 1258. near Ninth — Sunny rooms in
rew!y fufniehed f.at: adults.
MINNA. CC7. corner Sth — Newly furnished bay-
'vliidow room; $1 per meek: transient.
MONTGOMERY. 121 — Handsomely furnished
suiter; also single rooms. $1 50 week up.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny fnrnished
room; double bed: closet; running water; $8.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week, mo.
OFARRELL. C07— Nicely furnished front room
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; rent reasonable.
O'FAURELL. t'14 — Elegantly furnished sunny
alcove room; running water; private family.
FCFT, 426 — Sunny front room, $5 week; suita-
b!». tor 2 gentlemen.
POST, 7C2 — Sunny bay-window alcove rcom;
hot and cold water; gas^r bath; phone; also
Biiisle rcom*. " .
ROYAL House. 120 mils — Incandescent light,
reading-room, cmoklng-room and ladies' par-
lor: rocmt-. per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. S8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171. corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day, week
or raonth. -
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth «L.
near Market— Furnished ; also 3 unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH. 2S22 — Sunny furnished rooms for
light housekeeping or 2 gents.
STOCKTON. «03 — Nicely, furnished eunny
rooms, single, suite; Also housekpg rooms.
STOCKTON p!., 10. off Grant av«.— Furnished
rooms, double and single, $5 a month up. ¦
SUTTER, 3031J — Changed hands; newly Jur-
r.hhi-H rooms; single and en suite; also hkpg.
¦SUTTER. 283C>4. corner Lyon — Two sunny fur-
r.'.riird rooms; use nf kitchen and bath.
TAYLOR. 'Si ft — Large Funny rooms; light house.
keeping 1f desired; $12; also single room. fO.
THK Earl House, 330 Stockton — Under new
management; elegantly furnished sunny
rooms single or en suite: day, week or
month; elevator; hot and cold water; bath,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2290 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has . been established ' at 1098
Valencia rt. ¦ ' .'
ROOMS AND HOARD, 1 '
THE CORBIN. 830 Sutter— Elegant cor. suite
and single rooms; table first-class; phone-
Polk 4102. . •
EUNNY room, with board if desired. In pri-
vcte home, for gentleman; 110 Guerrero St.,
n.jar Market: phone Blue eo<J.
2 BUSINESS ladles ran have sunny rooms, good
board, at Ladies' Co-operative Home. 36 Glen
Park ave.. 12th et. : $17 and $18; reference.
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAIGHT. 320 — Elegantly furnished large rooms
suitable tor couples, with board? reasonable,
1RVINGDALE, €26 Eddy — Sunny rooms, en
¦ulte or glngle; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy — High-class , hous«; ,
furnished euites or single; steam heat, -
VAN ¦ NESS. 519 — Handsom* " furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 2 rooms suitable for bedroom anil
kitchen within C blocks of Goush and • Hayes
Sts. ¦ Xddreis box 1730. Call. .
¦ . - ..-¦ An 1 people; lose T innocence 'they * find ex-
- DENVEJR. May 3.— Hilary 'Hlckey. aged 13.
was shot in the head and instantly killed to
day; by a - companion. : Paul Lefard. ". aged . 14.-
The two boy» . were practicing at I target shoot
ing with a small rlHe. ; '.
'¦ , $9 00 .will ! : buy J a ! good i. buggy* harness! 2 10
per ; cent ' off '^Wednesday .' and ?. Saturday/
Leiboldv- Harness i Co., < 2117 Larkln ' street/
opposite City Hall. - ¦ ' - •
Big Harness ; Sale.
BAKERSFIELD, May 3.— "Please con
vey my cordial greetings to I those as
sembled at the : opening of the Bakers
field street carnival and accept for your
self and .your associates in its manage
ment my best wishes for its isuccess.V
Such- was the . message of .-President
Roosevelt to Manager Buckley ' which • to
night opened the carnival in this city. A
direct- wire had been run from the local
western Union telegraph office , to the
queen's throne, and when, the. words were
read to, the thousands assembled the
cheera could be heard for many blocks.
Queen Tessie was at her best to-night,
and as her crown was fitted to her brow,
apparently, at the signal of the chief ex
ecutive of . the • United States, : It . seemed
that the town had gone mad. - Fpr some
time : the cries of her well-wishers ' and
the multitude drowned the music of the
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
VAL.L.E JO, ., May ; 3.— Miss Theresa ; Drls
coll • has * been } elected '¦ Valle jo's ¦ maid ; of
honor. to '. the Queen of the Street Carnival
at 'V. Sacramento. ,' The ";\ vote "•¦ vX ¦' the : close
to-night was:,: Miss! Driscoll" 31,305 ; v Miss
Marie English", - 18,315; 'Miss | Mary-Flnelli;
16,030 ; "Miss Eva Brown, 10,175. i The votes
at 1 cent apiece \ make a fund \ of $758 28.
Of this $175 will be expended for. the. maid
of nonor's "custume« and ; the remainder
will .": so ¦¦-. to the rMcCalla" Sailors' Home.
Miss : Driscoll is ;'a beautiful > and popular
young, lady;, of Vallejo "* and will make a
worthy attendant tor the queen.. .
VOTES FOB MAY QUEEN.
STOCKTON, \ May.; 3.— The .Woodmen of
the .World l had ; a' gala time to-night. - The
Choppers" took;. the town' by/storm. Pro
tection! Camp' No.- 106 conducted a record
breaking \ log-rolling, 316 i candidates being
initiated' into- the mysteries hi
Two hundred and fifty of these 'came from
Stockton ' and :^the : others I from'i Modesto,
Oakdale ; and ' other • nearby- towns/ "'"¦ - r
• ; -The< visiting' neighbors ¦ came . from!; far
and near.^Oakland; sent up a"big;delega
tion, headed : by- the Forest'Camp degree
team. ... Every ¦ . evening ¦ xtraln .' : unloaded
crowds .' of visiting Woodmen ,who ; were
welcomed -. by * music f and ; slogans - of i the
enthusiastic Protectionists. - The ; big , par
ade, 1 ! in -which s 650 participated, '. formed at
the railroad; depot... Mayor. Catts i and the
city ; and:; county." officials?^occupied / car
riages < In . positions 'J of *: honor, \ and three
Special % Dispatch ' to The Call.
Gala LogrRolimg Festi
' val Is Held in ;.;.
Stockton; _ ',-
Message Prom President
Roosevelt Opens Fete
at Bakersfleld.
WOODMEN MAKE
BRAVE SHOWING
QUEEN RULES
AT HIS WORD
•The big event was the result of a plan
instituted by State Organizer Temple,
who made the request to the lodges under
his jurisdiction '.that" they .add 300 mem
bers before August 1, 1902,- when the Grand
Camp, will be held at Cripple Creek, Colo.
At '. the rate they- are being secured that
number-will be placed on the rolls of the
California camps. The grand total mem-
S^ h i p ' !l \. this st ate la expected to reach
80,000 hy that; date. The growth of Pro
tection Camp : of ¦ Stockton has been phe
nomenal from the start. Tracy, Lathrdp.
Oakland, San Francisco, Fresno, Oakdale
and ; other places were ¦ well : represented,
and every, neighbor, waa given a hospita
ble reception by , the r energetic members
of Protection , Camp. .
¦ State Organizer W. I* Temple made an
address in which he recited the wonderful
growth of the order and told of the wofk
yet in hand. .Forest Camp drill team, a
handsomely uniformed organization, gave
an exhibition drill. ; In the big pavilion
nearly 5000 people had gathered to watch
and hear, the exercises. After the public
exercises the Woodmen went to Masonic
Music Hall, i where the initiatory ceremo
nies were ' held. Following this came a
big banquet, which did 'not end at mid
night:-iej«BaaKCB«^?: - ¦ -- ¦
bands,: red flre, bombs, -fireworks and
songs made the line of "march" lively. .
The ~ Woodmen ' were given a most en
thusiastic greeting by the throngs which
lined. the streets. . The public exercises at
the pavilion followed the parade. Karl C.
Broeck acted as president and welcomed
the visitors on behalf of the camp, while
Mayor Catts made, the address on behalf
of the city. The famous Boys' Band and
Protection Camp Band tilled in the musi
cal numbers. . - ..-,--=-¦ -
As soon as the exercises were over .thou
sands thronged the ¦ Midway, and : it was
an early hour before the streets were de
serted. To-morrow the city will be quiet
and resting for the festivities on Monday.
Union r church ' services, will be held; to
morrow . evening : on . the queen's ¦¦' throne.'
All churches ..will take part in' the : serv
ices. :.-¦,'¦ ' ¦ ~--.\* . ". : '¦¦ ¦¦ '. '
The queen was driven to the throne in
a gayly decorated carriage, which was fol
lowed by the vehicles bearing the mem
bers of her court," her prime minister and
others who were on the stage at the time
of the coronation." The carriages were fol
lowed' by. ; many-, citizens J in, private ' con
veyances. "When, the "queen's : driver
turned Into Chester avenue he found dim-'
culty in making his way .to. the stand.* In
the grand stand opposite the point. where
the ;. throne had . been • erected at least ; 6000
people had assembled. •' ' Besides these ; the
sightseers were lined across the street up
Chester ' avenue, north to ' Nineteenth
street and south opposite the Courthouse.
-Chester avenue was blocked; with a mass
of humanity which .surged toward the
grand stand for the purpose of gaining a
point of vantage, to see Queen Tessie
crowned. -r^',v -v; *• .-¦ U"
Bakersfleld to-nigrht presented a most
orilliant scene. Myriads of varicolored
lights were strung across the principal
streets, and for many hours before the
time set for the crowning ' of the queen
the streets and grand stand were alive
with local residents and the visitors who
had been arriving on t each train.
band, which was playing the queen's
coronation march.
THE SAl^ FBANpiSCO CALL, 1 SUNDAY, MAT 4, ;.' 1 1)02;
40
Some people are like blotters: they re-
ceive many good Impressions, but derive
no benefit therefrom.
• A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases arrived yesterday and
are now ready ' for; distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy. of
this great . book at ; the .prem-
ium rate ol :$1 5O. V Out of
tOTvn subscribers desiring a
copy of this splendid prem- :
iuni trill- be supplied on re-
ceipt of '.< 50. ; 'iT' All ¦mall
orders Trill be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
"_'¦ Hale's. { Hale's. ; '¦ , \ • - Hale ? s. y;JX;il. _J**}?^^ ,,u
G^-^°^ kinct oncs ' ? P lendld for shirt \ r ¦ • i • I -'$$& "' ¦ Values that give a new mean-
IOC Pair. Less than half. Our tenth birthday party. We are making everything so tempting that we'll be sure 'of a K ger attendance tSOUght INOW. buy. by. the dozens and half-
Frilled elastic, pink, blue, red. black. As stylish and £Ood as ever. Verv than we ever had - The are just what you want— just what you'll be buying this' week— just what you'd be ¦ . dozens.
orange, lavender— 5 gross— too good * ... : ' b " ' willing to pay full prices for; just what you •. wouldn't' expect to find at a bargain. And there is so. much of it. 75C^neS are OOC.|||| At 7l4c— Cotton hncfc tRxio inrTi^«
a thing to last long. veiling you want— what you d gooa top collars at 5c ; 2750 yards 25c veilings at 10c. Case above case of -stockings. - Carload of new trunks.- _qoc ones are 7=;c hemmed-100 dozen
n- °i qUahty ' be glad to pav 25c for— and 60 bolts black taffeta at 60c. Yes, and .6000 yards four-toned satin face'ribbon (4 inches) half price 20c yard. A .. ;T i /D ' At 15c— Large soft towels, hemstitch-
neat buckle, all in glass case. ° f , o . .. . ' *- ..,¦-.-. __<6t or *-n*»c o» r»er *a t s«/; in^u*,-
Stockinet Dress Shields, Oc_6 gross. likely will unless you hear Of carloa d white dinner ware v S Sp| . M .. ' . , .. ,. ? 5 % f
special selling beginning to-morrow. .. 3 . -c-very section of the store has been specially stocked for this occasion. Nothing that isn't new; nothing that ¦ Fine* white spreads our own 12}6 C Toweling 10 C.
Seam Bindina Gc Piece this. isn't good or low priced. , . ; . . .-, . 1 t>i t j •!%. j v j * «T
oeam ainaing oc r/ece. , . . .,,.,. .. , resfular Stock. . Bleached, with red border, heavy
Black taffeta; dressmakers will be glad ™ e V h ? ' 5^7 f" "" ' ~~~~ ! ~ " ¦¦¦¦'•¦ = —9 q rt CT ™H *W ~, c ;Kr ca11 a f fiilt quality, ' 17 inches wide-100 pieces for
to buy it at this price. Silk Grenadine, with chenille dots -^ _v bogood they easily sell at lull spec i a l se IHng now at 10c.
o : o b^aS?oy^l; S a^Fa^^nS . • Read This First ! V prices. We are willing to lose Q __ __^
\\rUZ4-~ CI^ M *-i rt I dines, with dots and borders in black . n " • ¦ ¦-' '¦ ¦ ¦•' . some of Oltr profits on them in Plain CVl£*\7tf\+
White Mannel. lfri™4^£^%™% t ~ ~"" " — f I order to gain some of your good- ™1" CneVlOt
p. r'^«#- blue dots; Tuxedo Meshes, with silk g~* ... - mx T - # Ir^'m -n Q Ce>n+tz
5 Cents. chenille dots, in black and brown; I ¥ fp>f\ f I (p W H 1 1 f* i) t II tl f* f Xk7 Z\ f P> ' VVllL ' » f^entS.
P,-«t *;™ fn fflnrrnw m • plain Silk Tuxedo Meshes in black. UlWai jaiC VV 11 1 LC LJ 1 il llCFAYCtFC* «n» ' J T • u a- 1 Our Te S^r I5c grade, 32
First time to-morrow morning. * '.. navv and brawn- and black „, ; - - .. • • : 60c—^ size, - hemmed— regular 75c inches wide, suitable for chil-
3000 yards, splendid staple qual : 1™°"'^ £1* u m 1 We never heard of such lew prices bejore for such good ware; all new, too. On ' .grade. dren's and outing costumes.
W^^r/^n Sc in thousand- C^^^S^^^St sale to-m^ow tnornin g Jor iHe first time. , ; . - : " * « pretty very dressy. ...
1 d **• Can you conceive of any lower price- | iii|Piiii^^ tlo f You can't buy better whiteiware? j" oSc^^' heavy quality, 300 foMst*™™ """
. ° — o IOC? ¦ ou can t find as low prices even if you'd get the common thick heavy stuff. . of them— regular $1.25 grade. . o ¦ — o
T^*-g_ <g_ --^ # This is that thin semi-vitreous goods. Every piece is positively guaranteed . - •
iXlDbOn HarO'flin' nOt tO craze or crackle - Such hi & h S rade ware is usually for the few. We put — v 7V¥ • < < •
Wi 5 * UV| it now within easy reach of the many. / lilliriftf*V
> A 4-Toned, Satin-Face Ribbon, Always Sold at35c, 4 Inches Wide. FlTSt CaHoad Came Ifl WeiineQdflV AJUIllIllWl 1 lllllllVl Jf . y
chaSVofLn^^^ .„,.' to ; .: " h \ . , " T C « ll^ 2 > U «*y- A magnificent offering-fresh, pretty hats and flowers-goods bought «-
Why bo cheap? We didn't stop to ask. We were so surprised to have the chance UOUgnt a rait OI .It With Which to Celebrate OUr anniversary. ' . pecially to boost this month's business (most of them only unpicked last wtel.
r L C bSf-Srtci fl 5°hen^a wouil £|f fife Stty u^ow^hl^an'd ' But not until we were satisfied ' it was so good that it would make^ every . Sorts of goods rarely found underpriccd. But, this is a rare occasion.
hOT They d havc four satin stripes five-eighths of an inch wide, comprising four dif- . One who bought it think Well of US. \ ' \*°™f. TS HaiS.
Between these saUn stripes is a one-quarter inch taffeta stripe of white, sepa- you aac* *a.unu t*me. . . . ? /fewest styles for the Summer. and white. - ic
1 St%SSiS'£piSS2%fli5 R1ltlfllIeltoct - PractIca1 ' us efui ribbon for the neck, First thing that ¦ coines . to mind are these ' U 15c Hoses for 9c_Pink. blue or Glr ? s ! rl f H»ts-Of rough straw;
Think of such a pretty ribbon 20c a yard-never shown before. 6 Tea Cu P 8 and SaUCePS 55C. . white. Three to the bunch. ffiS,*^ 25c "^
-mm * • r T jg Newest .shapes, newest embossing, as are also these other pieces^" ; : 1 •/ 5 ?5l b^ciw ° C - 91-25 Sailors, 75c_r o 11 brim, soft
/VlliClJtl I \tlifif k t m W7 r P^f^'i m Pie Plates, 6 for 31c. Covered Vegetable Dish Platters or Meat Dish- Forget-Me-Not Wreaths, $1.1O-In .fef^sStS"*-? 1^ ' ti
1 T lU^Hfil UllUWl WCCtI . Breakfast Plates. 6 for 48c for 55c. es-xo in. ones^ 12c, 14 pale blue velvet, so long that one of Sailor Hats 91.4o_Short back, roll
v , n ..." ¥ «,. . „ Dinner Plates. 6 for 55c. Sugar Bowl. 30c. in. ones 33c, 12 in. ones them trims a hat; worth $2.00. brim, velvet coronet; black and white
YOU 11 Like— LOW Priced. Soup Plates, 6 for 48c. Creamer, 15c. 20c, 16 in. ones 48c. 25c Eoses, 12^0—2 in a bunch, with griped silk _ _
Just as good as we sell every day. Prices are lower; qualities are not Open Vegetable Dish for Fruit Dishes. 6 for 21c. , Half-gallon Jugs 18c. foliage. w« t ?J\rST ¦ *
These anniversary bargains must make you think more of us. It's that good t,- , , t.- 1 i Butter Pads, 6 for 15c. 6 Coffee^ Cups and Sau- v 25c Bose Foliage, 12j4c-24 leaves nn^ »™*g; White with cot
avill we are accepting this month in profits. Pickle Dish. 15c. , • Oatmeal Bowls, 6 for 45c. cers, 65c. w in a spray, frosted. j ™T *»»—.vviute. witft coi-
' *-ir* s~*\ r~s. * •» t ¦¦'¦•' ¦"¦¦ ' ¦ ' '"" . - ' / Vyusaa of 4rJo T orirf cillr and vMvpt ored scans, rough straw; s»i.w.
.75c Gowns at 58c: 6 New Styles ¦ A — — — . . — - — — 1 :^''^^ "S^S^bSi. 6 *°^ RBn ""•
as^^gaiaas— ±. illii : :gssrr: -sssssis
•""^^^"e Sa^S^StSi? fi " e hCm5titChed • tUCkS ° - '¦¦" . ¦¦¦- "— : ; '¦'¦:¦ ¦' ." ¦ -O wSS^^O^mM, 7 Bc _snk, Girls- Worn,, 5 5 e_Dainty. « r -
Jfl.OO. 91.35 White Skirts S8c_Fine soft muslin. 3% j-ards wide-two YWstrXf I liTC P Vf H«H>f/l S *VO Mr Two to the bunch. TOeable.
. styles with wide hemstitched flounce trimmed with either three rows oi DldCK. 1 K» CXtraOrU 1 IlclFy. . *. . ... -Vi T . Ju . .
¦ JSSffiw St!** """' to match or d " p """' ot "» b ™^--d nne Best S t apIe stU ff S . Less- Than They Are worth^ - s Extra Values: in Trimmed Hats.
• —75c Taffetas are 60c. —85c Peau de Soies are 6 K Perhaps the strongest value of all will be the $1000 1 ones. 34, all diffe-ent
T ~ w^v^ \T~~A I - -W Moires an $,.00. / - i|i^;^,^g||||
Ijf -IOO Y uFUS L*3C6 ~ and S ° ° n " FivC different rades and widths of taffetas.and peau de soies a nd two of moires are included. Thou- and some striking values at ' 8 - 00 and 5 10 - 00 *
M ' : S' «—<%*.%• 4^ « sands of dollars are involved. We never had such an important Silk Sale. The qualities are just as good as we can get— '
5c ones at 3c 1Sn „„„• ~* o Same that WC SeU " ght al ° nKt " P tO ° Ur standard of tekture, -of weight. All new and fresh, all marked under prevail- /-* Y A r>*«| J~9
shc o^s a t | || zi ft ffi Sheets, Pillow Cases.
S'o.'^'v^NCIENKES. -TUn-, often y ou find so man, of them grS" meL^oT^a^^ W^W^M^'^ "' ""^ '° M J*> 'T 'o^Z^e ttCt^JttjS*
even at regular prices at this time of the year. Here they are at reduced ¦ 6 ...... ¦ •¦ ¦ . g OO d qualities you would any time, but lor less money. Thousands of dollars'
prices. Who can calculate the excitement such an announcement as this Fine Grade 7*C Taffetas 6OC. I 51-25 Guaranteed Taffeta 81.00-24 inches wide. You worth have been specially bought for anniversary selling.
" iUCrea ' C? ' . - - inches wide. 75 c is as tZ as we :have ever vet been a W e \ 'S^^M^Z^Z^ ' $lM f' 5 ?' ,
3c Yatd— in ? hes - Whitc Nottingham Galloons to sell it. It will likely be 90c when we buy a K ain. . than 95c befor^Heiv^and brmLnt - °' U beln * Ies3 240O of them, 4SX36 inches, made of a splendid grade of muslin that has no
; T ; ; 2 inches. Black Silk Chantilly 2V2 to Our *1.OO Guaranteed Taffeta 75c-24 inches widei soft SI. 5O Guaranteed TafEeta 81.25-24 inches also. dressing in it. Cases we can t sell in the Tegular way under $1.50 a dozen. Ho-
Nonnandy, Valenciennes and English 4H inches. Black Silk Chantilly Gal- quality, rich finish. d C d auaiiw at. 65c— 19% inches wide, pure silk, stan- tel men and lodging-house people ought to jump at this chance— of course the
Torchon Edgings, from $£ to 2 inches loons, pretty serpentine effect, 1 to $1«25 Moire Silks at $1.00-21 inches wide; something ¦ t 85c Peaude Sole at 60c— 20 Inches thrifty housekeepers will. \ • .
with insertions x# to 2 inches. Values 4 H inches. Not a yard worth less ex^ °°;.' „ f ' n ~ , 90c PeaS de Sole at 75c-20 inched T.' • Vrl'f " *:.i ' ' 1200 Pillow Cases 12^0-50x36 inches, hemmed. Look at what big ones
tip to 5c than isc; 5500 yards. * 81.50 Quality Moire at Sl.35-23 , Inches wide. , »1.25 Peau de Sole at *l.OO-24 inches: ' : .;• . they are for' the money.
* j \~~ j ~~" ~~" ~~~~< ° - ' - . .1 '.' ' '¦' :. l \ •¦¦ ;, ' .9 — — — — : ~ ° 45c for Sheets Worth s^c*
iSr^^tgriSrtSSIS Qinerhams at (j^sJ^^ "W ¦ c ¦ R^t mr Muslin 8c
! xYz. English Torchon I to I inch. O ***-*«. am.**? Mb tH %l/9 &^S^S> /Mf UC3L lUL* iTlU^llll UV inches. We can't sell any_ better sheet In
9cTJl ' P k€lk5IS;-wnL T • JmJS>GZZ <r^^ n^Z£ s S^ <v ' 3hlyaSOK ° Oilti °" h££ White Sheets.
KoZ.d/va.encienne, ;.to^ SS %£ ™* "' * W '"" ~<^gS^£2£^^ mU ch do y ou wan.P-write for itif y ou cn't -
inches, with insertions iK to 2^ 6 ' . ' ' & ¦''¦".::¦:' : V : ' : '" ' : '.. - /: -.J:" .:¦ / \\:i :[ : V '" '' ''" ' " ' ' ' ' 6 ivZ^™. *it3**&.
$14 SET OF TEETH
FOR $4
'Tm Going -to ¦ the Dentist." •
Painless New York Dentistry
Good Fillings - - - 5Oc and SI. OO
$10.00 Gold Crowns - - - for $3.00
DrexIerPainless Dental Co.
OF NEW YORK
Ean Francisco Parlors.
1104 Market Street, Corner Turk
Only Graduate Dentist to do your work.
Round top <C| 1:1
Your home "furnished
complete from our large •
assortment of furniture,
carpets and draperies
for cash or little amounts
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.:
338-343 POST STflEET,
Opposite Union Square.